«viv «n'Atsiï !\ "* > io / ov .: r r. f v; .." 'io r m MISCELLANEOUS-iNEW«:^ ,-| I -"'^The'usual election 'of Lord Mayor of'the -city *of London took place on'Michaelmas day, _,\yhen William fTaylor Copeland, «sfj., wa» " chosen. A Vote of ccnsure'pcoposed by '^lr. * Fearon & seconded T}y Mr. Saul, vtas P.aWd hy-the Common Council upon the conduct 'of the Ltfrd Mayor for'thc previous yeir. The rage for going to Spiin to fight for lsa¿ bella II. was as strong as that which not long " ngdled ëcrrnany voting men to enlist in the 1 cause of the late Don Pedro. Among othcrfc t,a warrant was out'for a Mr., Waring, ayoun£ ^ inan efhigh attainments, for whom his parents paid 309I as an apprentice premium to a sur- geon at Hoxton, and who had gone to fight ¡under General Evans. 4 I A misunderstanding had broken out likely to end in an open rupture, between the Por- tuguese government and the King of Sardinia. "TAll'tljeir ships of war were fitting out. ¡ \ , ,-The Bishop of London was making a cleap sweep, hy means of his rectors and church 0 ¡Wardens., of all the disorderly and gambling houses in his diocese. ' ¡ The amount'of the I damage done to the * Millbank« Penitentiary dm ingthe late fire, ac \- cording to an estimate returned to Lord Mel Í 'bourne, was calculated not to exceed 50001. * ' The treaty of marriage between Queen "' Donna Maria of Poitugal and the Prince of L Saxe'Cobourg Gotha, is concluded, a'nd only waits the ratification of Great Britain. The prince is seventeen }cars of age, and acatho -Ire- srrthnt there will lie no necessity for im ploring his Holiness the Pope for a dispensa- tion. Sir St. Vincent Cotton, bart, is regularly installed in office, as the driver of* The Age' Brighton coach. , Sir Henry Bethune, whoso arrival from 'Persia we have noticed, must have impressed ,i the Persians with a very exaggerated notion m, of the stature of Englishmen. Sir Henry is . 'to the full 7 feet high, and the Schah may ' 1 therefore have truly called him * the great English soldier.' ' Foreign seamen, after two years servico in nny-Brilish ships are naturalised. One of the Thames steamers recently made the passage from "Blackwall to Edinburgh in '' 39 hours ! \- Most of the gold mines in Virginia are, it is said, abandoned after some ten thousand dollars of unprofitable expenditure. It is probable that General Harrison and Francis Granger will be the candidaten for Prosidentand Vice President of the United _ States, adopted by the opposition in the state v "of New Yoi k, i The following is the heading of an adver- tisement in a Philadelphia paper :-* Joseph i Nobk> thief, and fiie-proof chest and lock ma- nufacturer.' \- It is proposed to form a line of two British and two American ships, each to be of 1,000 r¡ tons burthen and, 300 iiorsc power, to make two trips a month from London for New , York, and from New York for London, , touching at Portsmouth. The vessels are to start in April. The Charleston Patriot states, with much satisfaction, that a purse of 20,000 dollars . had ^been'nnde np in New Oilcans, as a r¿ 1 'ward'to any miscreant who could be found bold enough' to kidnap'Arthur Tappan, the leaderof the anti-slavery party, and to deliver him bound ,to the pet sons who have sub- scribed. , ArMr,;Sharkey, cousin of the chief juRticc of our, state, and who is highly, respectable,1 incurredithe displeasure of Madison Country, ¡..i because, as a magistrate he had caused the jlischa^ge of some suspected men in the custo .," dy~of a guard from Madison. The next day , the same guard being reinforced, caine down to take Sharkey. Ho prepared himself to . wejl as to Lill one, wound another, and kill or wound two horses of the assailing party. He escaped that night, and the next morning t gave himself up to a party of friends, who car- ried bim to Clinton. I was in the room he fought from, and the casement of the wiudows, f the pillows, chaii s and walls of the rooms were literally riddled, li charge of buckshot , rent the pillow on /which the head of his child I was placed^ He fought like a hero until he 'discharged all lils weapons, and his right t hand cut off by a shot. When the assailants , retreated he then fled himself. The Madison . Country folks say they will have him, and the people of Hinds are resolved to defend him* . Should on attack be made a civil''war must 1 ensue. When I left Hinds the citizens were rarming and rallying in his defence.-New . 'Orleans Commercial Advertiser. Old boots and shoes are purchased by cart loads in New Yoik city, and taken to an es- tablishment near Harlacin, where they are , manufactured into Prussian blue, a species of paint very valuable, and not until recently -made in this country. _ , Tragic Event.-Several letters from \- . Smyrna make mention of a highly tragic oc- currence, reported to have taken place in the port of Suda, in Candia. A dispute having ~r' arisen between some sailors of the English ; brig of war Childers, and men forming" part of [ ' the crew of two Egyptian brigs who had b'een Bent ashore to fetch water, an officer was sent ' _' to request the Egyptian commander to inquire into the mat'ter, and to punish the aggressors ?A warm altercation arose, during which one 1, of the commanders drew his pistol and killed ' t ,the English officer on the spot, Exasperated^ .fijuy so outrageous and barbarous an act, the *>> I commanding officer of the Childers ordered , his men to prepare for action; and sent notice '** . to the Egyptian brigs, that if within a quar " ' ter of an hour the individual who h. j JbiÊ lieutenant was not hanged, he would treat them as enemies. This delay having expired ?>" ¡without the satisfaction he claimed being} . given,- he ordered to fire. Our fyrave tars \- directed their shots with so much skill and precision, that in less than an hour jbutli brigs sank amidst their huzzas. The Childers ¡is 4_said t'o have suffered so considerably during, j, ^ t^e action«'and alsö,from the lire of the fdr ^1 "tress, vvfaile getting"through the mouth of the II ¡ harjipúr, that,it .will, be difficult for her to reach Malta. , ,, I -li- African Expedition.-Xt i? in ¡contempla^ 31.1 tiomto fit out, by subscription,) an expedition .«> to explore'the'unknown parts of; Southern i"and.Central Africa^cxtending between Lab-' . taJkbo (Litacum) antj the (socálled) mountains' , *"'ôf*^he mbon, including, in its'jtftcnded roufe, "'^mï'jOf'ibje confluences, if not thb' actual source and course of the Congo dr JÇàÎre.1, jit ir proposed .th.aUhi» expedition shall proceed Xliî°"3Jt.hPI C*PB °f' ^00^ H°P° m tne 8Ql|Ul, and attempt to egreis by way of the great LakéTeW.¿thorne part pn^ the,shores of the Med¡tcrranéáu_inJ)¡e north. t ¡ .» A mercantile expedition ,$0^ the ^Njgcç, of which intent we heard .many months ,.ago, is, we perceive from the Glasgow newspaper», about to proceed on its destination. A quonl dam slave-ship, carrying out a «mair iron steamer, lead« the Way. . !' ! There has lately bqen discovered on the property of Lord Dinorben,. in theparish of 'Llrnwcnllwdfo, Anglesey, and the imme. diate neighbourhood of the Parys and Mona mines, a very rich vein of copper. - It Is in many parts aljnost in a pure state, and much purer than even the copper coinage of 1729 ; consequently, a question will arise for the -consideration of geologists and others who feel pleasure in investigating these matters, whether the secondary btratum in which it is found mustnot, at some remote" period, have been acted upon by great and powerful heat, so as to dislodge the ore from the stone, and run in a state effusion into the form in which it is now fdund. The city of Mcntz, where Guttemberg was bom, is about to erect a monument to his memory, for which contributions have been sent, not only from all parts of Get many, but even from France, It is suggested that all who value the inestimable treasure of a printed bible should join in this memorial of one of the earliest printers. The recOrdership of Rochester is vacant by the death of Mr. Cornyn, of the home circuit. Colonel Fan man has commenced actions against the speaker of the House of Com- mons, his Serjeant-at-arms, and the select committee, to try the legality 'of the pro- ceedings of the house towards himself, and to take the verdict of a British jury.-Stan- dard. The Bishop of Winchester has endowed the College, at Guernsey, with an annual prize of £5, for books to the bebt theologian in the highest class. (Education is attended to any where but in Van Diemen's Land.) The correspondent of a Frankfort paper, after a long list of visitors at Toplitz, nearly 8,000 persons of rank, obacrves, under date of the 23th Oct.-." The Emperor of Russia has arrived. The " Emperor of Austria, having notice of his near approach, went out to receive him ; and, on meeting, the Em- peror Nicholas left his travelling carriage and joined the Emperor Ferdinand in his, in which manner they have just entered the chateau." Sardinia has assented to the convention with England for the suppression of the slave trade. Don Tclcsforo Trucha, well known in England as a literary man of merit, and lately a member of the Chamber of Pro- curadores in Spain, died in Paris on the 5th Oct. -* We regret to state that the first news re- ceived of the whale fishery is of the most disheartening nature. Two noble vessels are complete wrecks in the ice, and the number of fish taken is so insignificant as scarcely to be worth mentioning. The vobscIb lost arc the Isabella, which brought Captain Ross to England, the crew of which was taken on board the Lee ; theLse also was wedged in the ice, nnd the crews of both'Vessel8 were taken on board the William Torr. Capt. Lee, his mate, the captain's son, and eight men left the William Torr, in one of their own whale boats, and commenced the arduous undertaking of pulling for the nearest settlement/ a Danish factory called Lieblin, distant380miles! where they arrived in a very exhausted and distressed 8late,|having been at sea six days in art open boat. They were received in the most hos- pitable manner by the inspector, and afforded every assistance their melancholy condition required. Thence they were taken on board a Danish vessel, and after proceeding to another settlement, were eventually landed at Sandy Island in the Orkneys, whence the captain and mate made their way to Hull. Atlas. _ " New triumphs await Mr. O'Connell in Ire- land. His progress at home is marked by greater enthusiasm than ever. He carries with him the popular favour wherever he ap- pears, and it is but justice to add, that he devotes his influence to the wisest ends. He no longer agitates for the sake of disturbance, but for the purpose of increasing the confi- dence of thc'people in the justice of the go- vernment. The experiment is as novel as it is prudent, nnd it is well calculated to procuro for his countrymen all those remedial measures which their peculiar circumstances demand. Atlas. A riot of a serious nature occurred atDom germain, near Nancy and Toul. The inha- bitants having refused to receive a new curate the Sous-Prefect of Toul proceeded thither with a party of troops, when barricades hav- ing been raised, and an abundance of missiles hurled at the magistrate,* the military were made tp fire, and seven persons were killed, and thirteen,others severely wounded. Jn the proceedings before the1 Worcester- shire election committee,' the votes of persons who had been engaged in the bands of cither were htruck off. A witness who was called to prove oneof these cases was cross-examined by counsel, Mr. P-? to the following effect: " What instrument did he play ?" «« The C flute, sir." " Oh, the sea flute. Come, now sir, you seem to be uncommonly scientific in musical matters, pray explain to the commit- tee the difference between a sea flute and a land flute/' 1 i" A history of our vernacular literature'' is about to appear from the pen of Mr. D'lsraeli the elder, which is looked forward to with im- patient delight by all readers. Further ad vices' from Lima give a melan- choly account of the state of things in the ca- pital. The usurping President Salaberyhad extoitcd most exorbitant'contributions, from the merchants arid capitalists, ranging from 4.000 to 10,000 piastrea^ach, and those who offered opposition had been .thrown into pri- son. 1 he money thus odiously .obtained waa expended directly, and was entirely insuffi- cient for the extraordinary charges of the government of Lima, obliged as.it was to cre- ate an armyeutirely-from-within the-walls ,of Lima.' General Salaberyhad- caused all to belseizedi who were met in the ipubJLc streets, and many of'the inhabitants) had taken to ¡flight or concealed themselves.' The ' c«n>mu-< nicati'on with the interior continued' entirely interrupted;'the ro^ds were'covered;wiïh Mohtenerps, who'»vere'opposed to all parties and exited,, by brigandage., Salabèry w|is acting in cdncertwith Santa Cr¡uz, by whom the funds had bcen'fürnUhéd for' 'corrupting Hie garrison of dallad."' Salabefy/haoWdered 1 the blockade rtf'airthe porfs of the siuthcNJ ( part of the republic, -aljhe Engiishi French} atnd American consuls aViLimn, atthe-mo-j 'nient the vessels w.ere orYthè eve of sailing to fulfil this order, isstued a protest to the,Pe- ruvian commander, stating that if jiny vessel of either of their nations was interfered with it would be considered tantamount to a de- claration of hostilities. Everything in the shape of trade was completely paralysed at Lima. '! Adam Kok, the celebrated Griqua chief, died lately at the Cape. Complete tranquil- lity was at last restnied in the Caffre country. The population of the colony of New Brunswick now amounts to 120,000. The crow flies at the late of 25 miles an hour, the hawk 42, the eagle more than 80. A hawk once flow from Fontainbleau, and was caught 24 hours after at Malta, thus tra- velling 1,000 English miles, or 42 miles an hour, and more than 3,000 feet a minute. Every man ought to have a period in every day to which he eau look forward as his time of relaxation, and during which he shall be entire master~of his time and pursuits. This is essential to human happiness, Of what use aie all the various improvements tnad,e in machinery, if they do not epj in abridging tjie daily boms now devoted to manual labour. Gardener's Mag. -?«&!* Canton.-There is a pott charge of about £650. on every ship engaged in the China trade ; but this sum is remitted upon nil ships that import a given quantity of grain ina Bpcufied proportion to their tonnage ; and Mr. Thompson, in his considerations respect- ing the trade with China, recently published, calling attention to this fact, which is but little known, recommends it to the consider- ation of all merchants Hading with Canton. An American Advertisement-" Persons indebted to the Tuscalloosa book atore are respectfully requested to pay their last year's accounts forthwith. It is no use to honey the matter; payments must be made at least once a year, or else I shall run down at the heel. Every body says, « how well that man Wood ruffe is getting on in the world ;' when the fact is, I have not positively spare change enough to buy myself a shut or a pair of breeches. My wife is now actually engaged in turning an old pair wrong side out, and in tiying to make a new shirt out of two old ones. She declares that, in Virginia, whero she was raised, they never do such thing, and that it is, moreover, a downwiight vulgar piece of business altogether. Come« come, pay up, pay up, friends. Keep peace in the family, and enable me to wear my breeches right side out. You can hardly imagine how much it will oblige, dear sirs, the public's most obedient, obliged and most humble servant." Teaching.-One of the most interesting papera read at the late meeting in Dublin of the British association for the advancement of science, was a paper read by Mr. Langton, of Manchester, on education. Speaking of some of the Irish schools the report stated t'»at '. one of these masters, who was especi- ally conscious of the superior excellence of his establishment, as soonashe was acquainted with the object of the visit, began to dilate upon the various sciences with which he was familial ; among which, he enumerated Hy- draulics, H)dro8tatic8, Geography, Geology, Etymology, and Entomology. It was sug- gested to him that they had better, perhaps, take the list of queries in their order. On coming to the subjects taught in the school, he was aBked-Do you teach Reading and Writing ?-Yes 1 Arithmetic ?-Yes I Gram- mar and Composition ?-Certainly ' French ? Yes ! Latin ?-Yes 1 Greek ?-Yes, yes ! Geography '-Yes, &c.; ; and bo on, till the list of queries was exhausted, answering every question in the affirmative. As he con- cluded, the visitor reniai ked, 'This te »wi- tton in pat vo indeed,' to which the master immediately replied, * I teach that; you may put that do*n too.' Fall of Mount Blanc-On the 20th of Augusta considerable portion of the principal peak of the Dent du Midi, one of the great spurs of Mont Blanc, fell with a tremendous crash into a deep and narrow valley, situate about a league to the eastward of St. Maurice, on the road to the Martigny, where an acci- dent of a similar nature occurred in 1818, but it ended with much more disastrous resulte, as then no less than 400 houses were washed away in a moment. In this recent instance the peak in its fall carried with it a glacier, which, filling up the valley, dammed up the stream which ran through it, until it had ac- quired sufficient force to drive before it the whole mass of earth and rocks, in the bed of the Rhone, the course of which became so completely barred as to dry up all below it, and convert the upper part of its rugged and rocky course into a sort of temporary lake. Jean Jacques Rousseau.-A statute in bronze, by Pradier, a countryman of Rous- seau's, has been placed, with great pomp, in the city of Geneva. It is seven feet high above the pedestal, and has been the result of a subscription, among the contributors to which we see the names of many clergymen. M. de Talleyrand.-It is generally re- ported in the French papers, that this able diplomatist and extraordinary man has taken care, in case of his death, that the historical documents of which he is possessed, shall be secured to the world. Ho has long been en- gaged in writing his * memoirs, and his secre- tary is nfpj'ploycd for several hours eveiy day, arranging the materials given hitn by the prince^ The publication of all his political discourses, is to precede that' of the memoirs, by which means M. de Talleyrand intends to prove his ,politieal consistency, ' ' j Colonel Torrent'sopinionofVan Diemen's Land-Van Diemeu's Land, in .proportion töjlier population, has a commerce nearly six times greater than that of Canadas : fue times greater than ¿hat of Nova Scotia ; four and ha|f timea'greater ^han'that of th'« Cape Colony j thirty 'times greater fhan that of Ceylon ; while, in proportion tq her popu- lation 6he,prei,pnt;8 a piarket for British ex- ports, more extensive by seven tjmes, by six times, by>five times, by seven times, and by three hundred and>scventy seven times, than the markets respectively presented .by the Canadas, Nova Scotia, Cape Colony, Mauri- tius, a'n^lCejlon. ?> I < He theh shews by tables that while the totjil exports^anijLimports of New South 'Wales amount to £IG. perrhcad of the whole popu. Intion, that of Van Diemen's Land amounts 'M<¿ 'íbíSOper annum.- We Vópe'f~the\ gallatít' high pitchi He^could not see well at a dis tance,,ana made sometimesstrange mistakes. Spectacles were indispensable to him, and j Ihad^onceto make a day's journey in order to fetch his Do^loud's, which had boen for-' gotten. He lived very frugally; wine and, water w*b his usual beverage: he valiied good, wine, but did not drink it often. He fre-i qnently shaved while walking up and downi the room, and when I was in the room he would even talk during the dangerous opera- tion. He disliked smoking very much, but! took snuff to such an excess that he had finally to give it up. He did not write, as the ancient scholar, a whole book with one pen ; but he used a PPn a very long time before he mended it,' turning all round so as to use always its sharp point. Yet he wrote a neat and legible hand. His rare memory enabled him to study fre- quently without a pen, and I found him some- times in a ljing posture on a sofa, holding the work of an ancient writer over his head. These were not works which he read by way of relaxation, but not unfrequently those he studied with the keenest attention. His memory, indeed, was almost inconceivable to others. He remembered almost every thing he had read at any'periodjof his life.-Lieber's Reminiscences, just published. New English Dictionary.-Mr. James Knowles (father of Sheridan Knowles, the dramatist, and nephew of Thomas Sheridan, elocutionist, lexicographer, &c.;) has com- pleted, in a rojal octavo volume of more than 800 pages, his . Critical and Facsimile, Pronouncing and Explanatory Dictionary of the English Language : founded on a correct development of the nature, the number, and the Various properties of all its 6imple and compound sounds, as combined into syllables and words ; to which is added, a vocabulary of Greek, Latin, and Scripture proper names, with their correct pronunciations.' This work, which the industrious and able author justly describes as " desideratum in English literature," is dedicated toa His Majesty. The numerical superiority of this dictionary over all others of the English language is RtirprUingly great, as it appearB that Chal- mers Todd'g Johnson contains 57,888 words, Sheridan's 40,000, Walker's 33,178, Web- ster's, which, like Johnson's, is not a pro- nouncing dictionary, 60,230, while Mr. Knowles's contains upwards of 77,000, or nearly 20,000 more than Johnson's, and nearly 13.000 more than Webster's ! A Slaver.—A short way from Sierra Leone we fell in with a brig, seized by us when near the Equator. This vessel had on board 424 slaves, of whom 45 died during the passage, which, in consequence of calms, had occupied 35 days, while we, in the frigate, had accom- plished it in 9. On her arrival at the ' great charnel house,' I was sent on board, with another officer, to relieve those who had na- vigated her from the southward. The smell was absolutely horrible, and the scene revolt- ing beyond conception; the whole of the slaves, among whom were sixty women, being naked ; thirty of them having the small pox ; many more opthalmic complaints by which a great number entirely lost their sight ; and only sixteen of this living cargo being in per- fect health ! my cabin, if such it could be termed, was a sort of dog kennel, síx feet long, four high and three wide, placed on deck ; my toilet was of course performed outside. Some sails spread overhead constituted but an un- certain shelter from the weather, and were more than once blown away by the tornadoes. We encouraged the unhappy victims of an in- human commerce to sing and dance ; and al- though somewhat melancholy their song was not always disagreeable. One evening while seated on the roof of my little dormitory, re- garding the monkey-like antics and listening to the chaunting of nearly 400 blacks, a tre- mendous storm commenced, the thunder and lightning being such as one observes only in the tropics. It was long before the rain fell, and in the mean time we continued the dancing ; nor had I ever beheld a scene like that upon the present occasion. The appear- ance of the sable band, upon whom a dim light was thrown from a solitary lanthorn ; the roaring of the thunder, and intensely vivid flashes of lightning, which illuminated every object on shore ; and several of the slaves expiring on different parts of the deck; all this produced a feeling such as baffles any attempt at description. In the midst of my reflections, came a sweeping blast which tore away the awning, and a deluge of rain caused an instantaneous termination to our sports ; compelling every individual to seek shelter as he could find. Some slaves died daily while I was on board ; nor could I avoid remarking with how much more patience the weaker sex appeared to bear their afflictions than the men ; as also the callous indifference with which they all regarded the dying moments of their fellow sufferers. It is impossible to convey an adequate idea of the shocking state of a slaver, as there are circumstances that would not bear allusion in print—but no person who has not seen one, can form the slightest no- tion of the extreme misery exhibited by the wretched creatures confined in it. Having passed eight days onboard, I returned to my ship, astonished that human beings could so long resist such an accumulation of miseries ; and cursing those by whose atrocious cupi- dity they were inflicted.-MS. Journal of a Mariner. W.H.B. An arrest.-In a country not a hundred miles off, a small sized man went to the plan- tation of a certain gentleman, who was light in wit, but rather heavy in flesh, with a piece of paper in his hand folded in a legal form, and known by the abbreviations of " ca. sa.v Having found the owner of the mansion in the field, he explained his business, when ht was requested to read the capias, which com- menced as usual, " You are hereby command- ed, without delay, to take the, body of" &e.; " Humph !" said the prisoner, stretching him «elfonhis back, " I am ready."-"Oh, but you don't expect me to carry you in my armi ?" " Certainly ; you mutt « take my body,' you know i I do pot reust the process of the law, understand, hut submit with much cheerful^ ness." " Will you wait here until I bring a cart?" " Can't promise ; I may recover my fatigue in the meanwhile." "Well, what tnust I do ?" «. You must do your duty.? And there he lay iannoveable until the sheriff left. » ; Bcps.-It is riow ascertained that the sting of the bee, wasp, and several kindaof snakes', x^i^y^^^L._^ tí^-»*- ^ríyi^ if an acid, thVpoiion and'paln of which »», be readily assuaged or neutralised oy the an piicttio.Wdf »lv powerful 'alkali. As bwY throngh'the kind means of our' friend Dr Wilton,^are now very common in the colon» thisfhmt may prove useful, and we would re. commend ^ that a small phial-of th« ljq"or potash Bhould be kept ready for us&intverr; garden where there are'bee hires. J . Railway Gazette.-We hate'been kindlr favoured with the perusal of the first number of an' admirably conducted weekly London journal under this title, of date the 4th Nor There are now it appears no lets than 87 rail! ways in England, of all of which the shares" are quoted, furnishing a most remarkable proof of the progress of wealth and commerce in that astonishing country, at once the gio» and the envy of the world, and of which we confess ourselves proud to he colonists, though at so great a distance and so ill used by un- just impolitic land rcgalations, a dreaming emigration committee, and Mr. Marshall. <* The Swimming Post.-The mode inwiu'ft letters are carried in various ' countries id a subject of great curiosity. The postman who is the medium of communication between the coasts of the Pacific Ocean and the pro. vinces whieh are situated on the cant uf the Andes, swims for two days down the river Chamaya, and through apart of the Amazons, carrying his bag of letters wrapped about ¡iii head like a turban. There is scarcely an in. stance of the letters having been lost, or even wetted.-Paris paper. Newspaper Statistics.-In Spain there are 12 newspapers, in Portugal 17, in Switzer land 36, in Belgium 62, in Denmark SO, in Austria 82, in Russia and Poland 84, in Hol- land 150, in Great Britain 274, in Prussia 288, in the other Germanic States 305, in Australia 9, in Africa 12, in Asia 27, and in America 1,138. The total number of newspapers published in Europa is 2,148. German paper. Literary Hoax.-The censors employed under the new law in Paris received, a few dayB since, a somewhat bulky manuscript, signed with the names of two authors already successfully known. It was retained for ex. amination for two days, and then returned to the authors, with upwards of 1,500 erasures. They were required to modify 300 lines, re- place 500 words, shorten l8 scenes and change 20 names, which were considered obnoxious to the public tranquillity, political order and dramatic propriety. On receiving the manu- script, the presumed authors immediately transmitted the following reply to the cen- sors :-* Gentlemen-We have the honour ti) acknowledge the receipt of our censured ma- nuscript, with the accompan)ing letter. We agree with you in thinking that the passages marked for erasure may be of that perturba* tivp character which you have supposed ; but as we do not dare to cut or modify the vene« of Piene Corneille, we prefer foregoing the representation of Nicomede at the Comraedio Française.'-Entr' Acte. Duels extraordinary.-A lieutenant in the navy, while ascending the river in a steam boat, became involved in a quarrel with three persons from Arkansas, two of them brothers. He was challenged by one of the brothers, and endeavoured to " back out," but the other party insisted upon a fight, and a gentleman volunteering to he second for the officer, they went ashore to settle their differ- ence. At the first fire the lieutenant received his adversary's ball in his hip, and asked if he was satisfied, to which his antagonist replied "No, not till one of us is killed." They took another shot, and the lieutenant's adver- sary fell dead. His brother then insisted on a fight, which the second of the lieutenant en- deavoured in vain to prevent. They fired, and the other brother was shot dead. The second of the deceased becoming enraged with the lieutenant's second, shot and killed him, and was in turn shot dead by the lieuten- ant, who was conveyed from the field much exhausted by the loss of blood, and is now at Louisville, recovering, under the care of his physicians. Thus four men were left dead upon the field.-Cincinati Post. (This is ex traordinary even to us in Van Diemen's land.) The Vessel-Fish.-According to the Paris papers, Borne curious experiments have lately f been made at St. Ouen, near Paris, with a g sub-marine vessel, the invention of M. Ville roi, the engineer. The vessel is of iron, and of the same shape as a fish uf the cetaceous tribe. Its movements and evolutions are per- formed by three or four men, who are inside, and who have no communication with the sur- face of the water, or the external air. With this machine, navigation can be effected in spite of currents, any operations may be car- ried on under water, and it may be brought to the surface at will, like an ordinary vesse). It was with a machine similar to this, that the project was formed in 1821, for getting away Napoleon from St. Helena. The adjourned meeting- of the projecfors of the proposed « Land and Immigration Com« pany,' took place on Saturday at the Pulte- ney, Mr. Jones in the chair ; the proceedings were, though interesting enough occasionally, .not of a nature to require, or indeed to be ca- pable of a detailed report, a great number of speakers having disburdened themselves of their eloquence without adding much to the weight of reasoning on either side reported at the fust meeting. It was finally resolved that a company should be formed to obtain # the privilege of purchasing crown lands, either within or without the limits, with a view tu the importation of emigrants with the pu^ chase money, and to retailing the lands aftei., wards to purchasers in such portions as might seem advisable.-Australian, Feb. 9. [This we consider a moBt reprehensible proposition It borders on monopoly and trafficking in hu man life-in human liberties, in an alarming' degree, and we confidently trust that the mo- nopoly here improperly called « privilege' will never be granted by the government to any set of individuals, however in other respecto respectable]. We are happy to hear that steps are about to be taken ¡for the establishment of Steam Navigation between this colony and Hobart town ; this has been long talked of, but there is now every probability of its being effected -. a meeting of persons connected with th| j Steam Conveyance Company and others, hav1 ing taken place on Friday night last, at which* TI preliminaries were discussed and finally» weX\l believe, agreed.upon. Ibid. Printed and published at the Hobart Town Courier V Office, in Collins-street, by JAMES ROSS, Printer, of Collins-street, aforesaid. i 