£»&«*» i&wttc; THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1836. THE NEW SOUTH WALES LAND AN» IMMIGRATION COMPAISY PROJECTORS it will be seen by advertisement ¡n another of our pages of this d¿y, have proceeded to the nomination of a sub- committee for the preparation of details to be laid on some futuro occasion before a fall meeting of the subscribers when properly perfected-those details to be based upon the proposition to purchase from the Crown at a maximum of Ave shil- lings per aero unlimiicd tracts of eligible waste land, both within and without the present limits of the Colony; to expend a certain minimum upon the importation of agricultural laborers with their fami- lies; and to make a profit for lucky share- holders of all the rest ! Now without meaning for a moment in the remotest degree to impugn the res- pectability or probity of any one of the gonticmoii so nominated as of such sub- committee who are *' all honorable men" aud sjtne of whom we really personally esteem ; or to controvert the obyious expediency of free labor importation even at great expense,-yet, we cannot hear so monstrous a monopoly as this proposed, and under the present cir- cumstances of the Colony, (we do not o^pect it can go much further) without lifting up our humble voice against it in li/ninc - upon the very threshold. What the proposers mean by expend- ing the 5s. per acre to be paid to the Crown for land, upon importation like- wise and at the same time of free labor, wo are quite at a loss to determine ; unless it be upon Mrs. Malaprop's principle of " two gentlemen at once;" or that the cart has been accidentally put before the horse-that is to say, that the third reso- lution expressed in the advertisement as abovo mentioned, should have been placed second and the second third-thus meaning nothing more or loas than this : that the real unmasked objects of the Company shall be, first to buy all the knd worth any thing to be got at within the Colony and without it, at as cheap a price as practicable ; next to sell the land so bought by pieceme.il at as dear a rate as possible ; and iastof all to expend the minimum prime cost, but not a shil- ling moro upon the gradual importation of a certain description of free labor ! " Self preservation no doubt is the first luw of nature." Here we ha\e at all events a must convincing example of the truth of that trite axiom ! ! But whatever be the unmasked objects of this projected company-be ita' "in- tents wicked or charitable"-it " conns in such a questionable sha^o" of contra- dictory averments, and under such suspi- cious guise, that we " must speak lo it,'' and " cull it" what it clearly appear» to us, and could it succeed, whut it would, we humbly think, in time to com«, be found : ona of thine two-«¡thor a most wanui rou», unpulriolit;, ami ptifiiicluii» monupviy (y iii« |tuh|ju ;~ur un «üortivi and unprofitable, if not a ruinous specu- lation fur the individual shareholders. We nerd not say which alternative is (ho more desirable one for this community uor whether tho projectors, before thoy proceed to commit themselves .further in the business, would do most wisely not to ohooso either. It it sufficient for us lo know that were a company to be incor- porated nilli such vio wa ns those wo have slated-having fho tbility to buy every acre of land left in Iho Colony worth having, as also beyond ils pr sent limits, with tho will lo dolo the acres out at favourable junctures by instalments to the highest bidder, such u company, ex necessitate rci, could not tail to prove the strongest and the worst enemy, under the name of friend, that the Colony has been ever cursed with, or ever yoi en- countered. People may talk of " patriotism, " " PHILANTHROPY"-and so forth-but who ever would expect to find those ex- ercised in a matter strictly of pounds, shillings, and ponce. They are at ¡ill events, and perhaps wisely, excluded from the dictionary of trade. Such a company would infallibly come'into fear- ful competition with the settler-wo do not mean the ten, and twenty,-and thirty thousand acre graziers-tltey are very well able to shift for themselves; but wc mean tho striving industrious colonist, whether of long standing or but newly arrived, whether native-born, emigrant, or freed, by, in offeet, at the outset, com- pelling an advance of price beyond the minimum now fixed upon lands put up to auction by the Crown. Such a company would in (ho long run, with their superior means and dexterity, doubtlessly buy in by far the greater part of all the lands worth anything that are now disposable, as well as such as remain to be so beyond the existing boundaries of the Colony, at tho lov.est fixed price ; and when the Crown had no moro to sell at 5s, per acre, then step into the market, and part with its extensive tracts only on its own terms of prioe aud credit, which oar readers one and all, may rest assured, would be none of tho lowest or the longest-with- out ample sccuri'y at lea.A, and corres- ponding interest. And when a return happened to be made of principal in the proportion of 5s. to the u<:re, then, and not till then, would the spacious, patrio- tic, philanthropic, primary "sine qua non" of importing free labor-" a bold pea- santry iheir country's pride" forsooth, bo even begun to be resorted to ! A fig for the " patrio.ism"-the " j.hilan ihiopy" say we, of which selfishness is the strongest characteristic. Money hunt- ing companies have evor made bad Sovereigns. So much for this company, were it success to equal its de-merits. But we will suppose it for the sake of argument, and for one moment only to be what such a company coherently can never be, the " Lady Hountiful" of the petty parish of New Holland-all true charily-all active benevolence-no commingling of selfishness whatever; what would it come to? where would be ils profits? where that expectancy -that magic influence that mystic tie that ha-, entangled, and ever will influença all joint stuck com- panies, from the old South Sea Bubble of last century to the mining associations of the present one, even to this philan- thropic, patriotic, et ectera, et cetera, et cetera, newly found out New South Wales Lind and Immigration Company 1 Thus, if our shewing be correct, either the colony must needs go to the wall for tho profit of this new-fangled company, or the company bo knocked on the head for tho benefit of the colony ; and as it is a fixed practice of ackowledged wisdom, between two evils to choose the lesser, we by all means take up with the former one, and heartily wish the company an easy death of it, and soon. Luikily e, ough the work of speedy dissolution is not likely tobe a very difficult one, for the prospectus writer has done half of it already, by letting the public into the real secret springs which are intended to move the unwialdy machine by ; the local Government cannot if it would ; and the Home Government, wo feel pretty con- fident, will not, though it could, further the incorporation of such a company with such views, and for such purposes. Ten, eleven,or twelvemonths, at the shortest, must necessarily elapse before the Royal opinion can be taken and received. In the mean time, there may be a call for some trifling instalment upon shares, but we anticipate twelve months more will see an end of that and of the company. We tegret exceedingly that we have not space at present to lay before tho reader our lately purposed report of the proceedings at last Saturday's adjourned meeting, nor c msequently to detail any of the very excellent pro's and -con's raised by the speakersupon that occasion ; but we cunno! pass over in silence a most extraordinary principle partia'ly vouched .it the meeting, by one or more present, who, having avowed themselves hostile to the formation of the company as being calculated to turn out decidedly detri. mental to the public interests, yet ex. pressed a readiness to lake sharcs'in the concern, as being likely to prove advan- tageous to their own ! that is, as one waggishly disposed might siiy-" you are about to commit a robbery upon tun public ; you miiy not think so, but I do ; and I iherolore condemn tin: act; ulihough if you be renolvcd to do it, 1 hiivo no objection lo lend u helping bund, und join in the plunder for my imins," This muy bo Iiuiiiiin nu I uro nil tlie world over, Curtiiffi wo uro it I» v«ry unlike wliiit |)liiJoíi)p|jt»rí UJH'Ü culled " jiutriutifm I' Tell it not in Gath! P.tblish ii not in the street of Sydney ! I Lost a moro moral infection spread throughout the land ! In lieu ol' hatching up an attempt like the foregoing, how much m ire feasibly would not an application bo to the local authorities to transmit for the consider» lion of fie II mu Government a plain bold straightforward remonstrance, signed by, at le.ist, tweutg thousand unionists, against th.i present mode of allowing the iuimoiisc yearly, revenue arising from the sa'o of Croivn Lands in New South Wales, being left solely at tho disposal -of ,\' Sorretary of Stalo; and praying unti' that, as well na other sources of public rovenuo, can be duly planed under tho only proper nnd constitutional control of a Hotisi of Assembly, elected by and iront amongst the freo qualifiod colonists generally it may b'j wholly cntrusod to tho (¿ovornor and Council, to bo applied exclusively to local purposos and to the purpose at first avowed by Lord Goderich of operative immigration lo this Colony. Tn such an application the Secretary of Strtu himself could not avoid londing a willing car. We have precedent for it, and a notable precedent-for it is not muny months since the Canadas have reasoned the Whig Homo Government into a surrender of the lands in thoso provinces which Tories ha I ever consi- dered first among the rights divine o Kings, in legal feudal phras:olngy, droits of the Crown. Let the company look upon that picture and oa this;'and lut honorable names now displayed in the fruitless clTirt to erect a monstrous and a pernicious monopoly in land and labor, bo belter attached to a useful and a reasonablo application, to which (hey will undoubtedly contribute strength, and may give some effect! Let this mushroom company then die a mushivom death. We would also beg respectfully to re- commend as worthy of imitation by the Government here and at hume, the exam, pie of Canada in another respect, which i<-the ro-atioption oí a system of confer- ring upon euch endurant upon arrival a moderate primary grant of land. We shall give an extract on this sub- ject fruut the Taranto Courier, and with that, for the present conclude : EMIGRRATION SETTLERS.-We very much approve of the plan which the Lieut. Governor has lately adopted - of settling some of the more respectable and industrious labouring emigrants and their families ; wo mean tiiat of giving each family a small spot of ground in the neighbourhood of rising and populous towns and vilages, in which there is a demand for labour. The experiment was first tried last year in the township of Blandford ; a numberof emigrantfamilies sent out by Lord Egremont were settled by the Government, in tho immediate vicinity of the new and very trilling vil- lage of Woodstock, in that township, nnd the experiment succeeded well. The advantages of the plan aro obvious. La- bour of every description being in great demand in these rising villages, every member of a family, whether male or female or labourer, mechanic, who is old enough, and able to go out to work, can get employment on the spot, while the ieniiilu head of the family and chil- dren can be employed in the domestic affairs or in the cultivation of the little plot of ground assigned to them, upon which also t'.io older branches of the family, when out of employment, can always prqfitably employ themselves. The saine plan has been adopted this season in the neighbourhood of^Blaudford, cloie to which town a hundred acres of land bave been surveyed out in fue acre lots, upon each of which a log-house has been built, and families of industrious English emigrants been settled on in like mauuer, and in a still more advan- tageous position for themselves (han those before described, and we under- stand that the fine body of Lord Egre mont's emigiants from Sussex, who arrived in this city the other day, and proceeded to the westward the next morning, are to be settled in like man- ner in the same neighbourhoods. How very preferable is this scheme to that of sending the poor creatures back into the wilderness, in the remote and secluded parts of provinces, to endure the severe labours, difficulties, and privations which are inseparable from the poor newly ar- rived emigrants, in such remote settle- ments, before they are sufficiently ac- quainted with and inured to the labours and climate of tie country, to enable them to overcome those difficulties and privations. The system adopted in the cases to which we allude will bo alike advantageous to the public and to the emigrants. In every growing and thriv- ing neighbourhood, the services of labo- rers, mechanics, and their families are in groat demand-a demand which this plan is calculated to supply to the mutual advantage cf the parties, aud ultimately to the benefit of the province. While thus employed, the emigrants willk'acquire a competent knowledge of the'country to quality them to cultivate land of their own, and to encounter the difficulties of a back settlement, should they be dis- posed to do so thereafter. A meeting of the projected Fire and Life Assurance Compuny is fixed to take place at the Pulteney Hotel to-day. The objects of this Company are highly praise- worthy, and their operation calculated to be beneficial. We hope some amends for lukcwarniness on a late occasion will be made to day by a full attendance of subscribers and friends to the undertak- ing. A meeting of persons friendly to the formation of a Joint Stock Steam Conveyance between this Port ¡md Van Diemen's Land, we are glad to find is at last culled and appointed for to- morrow. Tho utility of establishing such a certain and speody mode ot conveyance betwixt the two colonies is loo obvious to require comment. His Excellency Sir Richard Bourke lately promulgated an order by which the cutting of cedar was restricted on the Manning, and the intermediate country, extending to the New, or M'Leay River, On that river, we hear, the value of land is undergoing excessive depreciation, in consequence of the cutting, which is stated to have gone already to an alarm- of statement endeavourîng to justify the act complained of, having occurred under circumstances of a very provoking nature. Mr. T. also took an objection to the in- dictment in which he wAs called William when his name was William Francis. With rospect ts the» the tech deal ob- jection iho Chief Justice observed thal ho mint bo precluded from taking advantage of it as lie had picado I to the indictment. The other points wo.ild be for the consi- deration of the Jury. In summing^ up his Honor remarked that the defendant bad taken n most erroneous view of the ease. There had been no cause shewn for the assault, »ntl had doith ensued from the art defendant would lia^o had to stand a trial for his lito. Tho loarned Judge concluded a luminous address to the Jury by saving he felt bound to tell them there had been no sufficient defence made out. The Jury alter au absence of five mi- nutes, lound defendant Guilty of the as- sault coutplninid of, but rccnmmenlcd him tothe lavniirnble consideration ol'the court in consideration of the excited state of mind he was said to be in at the time of commitiing it. I Hin Honor having taken some time for consideration, sentenced the defen- dant to be imprisoned for three months, fo pay a fine, to the,King of £50, and to he impiisonöd until such time as that fine should «be; paid ; mid further when i liberated, to'lind sureties lo keep the peace, himself in £50, and two surelioj in £25 each. TUESDAY, 9TH [NSTANT. Before Mr.-justice iiurlon, and a Military Jury. . Mr. John llcdall was indicted for the manslaughter of Thomas Taylor, by dis- charging a loaded gun at him, at Peter- borough, district nf Illawarra, on the 15th December, 1835. Mr. Solicitor General having stated the case to the Jury, proceeded to call the following witnesses Hugh Tindall - L am assigned to Mr. Redall; he lives at Peterborough, Five Islands; I did not know the man that was shot; 1 was passing Mr. 11.'s house when the accident occurred ; it was ou a Tues lay, the 15th December, about four o'clock in the afternoon ; I saw him standing; near the house ; ho said to mas- ter he'd fight him, if ho wai able ; he was drunk; he then commenced crying, and said to Mr. It. " I did not think you would strike with a stick ," Mr. It. had a stn ill stick in his hand, but 1 saw him strike no blow with it; it appeared like the leg of a stool or chair; after I fed the pigs, I carne back ; I wus absent about live minutes; t saw master go into the house, and bring out a piece ; he asked deceased if ho was ^oing oil* the farm; deceased replied he was uot ; deceased then ran at the master, and sieze I hold of the gun; they struggled, and fie piece went oil'; deceased held the muzzle, and Mr. R. the stock ; I am cer- tain of that; wheo the piece went off, deceased fell, and rolled abjut; Mr. II. said, tho deceased pulled the trigger; Bernard Simmons came up, and took the gun trotu master's hand, and broke it; before tho gun was brought out, Mr. It. told deceased to go oil' the I a nu at least twenty times. Cro:s examined by Mr. Foster-I was going to feed pigs when I saw deceased and master first together; Mr. It. had a stick in his hand, but I saw no blow struck; thtre is a creek called Illawara; Creek, near the place, but I cannot say that Mr. It. goes to shoot ducks there; when the gun was brought out, Mr It. ordered the deceased off the farm ; I did not see deceased on his knee from tho violence ot struggling; deceased scizjtl hold of the gun, but 1 cannot say what part he took hold on ; deceaseil was making a " noration" on the farm that atlcrnoon; 1 mean making a noise, that is what is called in Ireland a " noration ;" Í did not remain with Tuylor after he was shot; I heard him say nothing; I xs'ved him bow he was, and he said a little better. Bernard Simmons and Thomas Bailey, two of the defendant's servants, having in effect corroborated this testimony, Dr. Bartholomew O'Briou was called and examined-I am a doctor of medi- cine ; I have taken a degree ; I saw Taylor at Mr. Redall's on the 15th Dec. ; he was then intoxicated, and was consi- derably debilitated from loss of blood ; I did notconsider it proper then to examine bim, but allowed Lim to remain until the effects of the liquor had gone off; 1 then examined the thigh, and found it lace- rated by a gun shot wound towards the fore part; the lower part of the thigh bone was severely fractured; I found that amputation was necessary to give the man any chance of his life ; 1 went to my sheep station for them, and returned with Mr. Gray, and a medical niau named Lewis, from the stockade; 1 performed the operation ; he coincided with me in opinion ; it is not usual for these opera- tions to be perfoi tiled by any but sur- geons; I have performed the operation several times at the Royal Richmond School of Anatomy, Dublin ; I have not taken out a degree as a surgeon ; deceased lived about five hours after the opetatiou was performed. Cross examined.--I have known Mr. Redall some years; I never knew him do an unkind act; he did all in his power to assist the deceased ; the wound must have been inflicted by the piece being presented obliquely downwards ; I heard deceased say nothing in reference to the act; there was no surgeon nearer than Campbelltown, from which I live about nine miles ; the stockade is about ten miles; I applied a leather strap and pad about three o'clock in the morning; Mr. Gray, the Police Magistrate, was pro sent at the ¡imputation. This closed the ouse for tho prosecu- tion. Mr. Redall addressed tho Court, ob- ten ing, that deceased had canned his own death hy his violent conduct, which would be satisfactorily proved by respect- able testimony. Ho then culled several willie»«!), who »greed in giving the defendant au excellent diameter fur humanity, The learned Judge in summing up remarked, that from the excellent cha- racter prisoner had received, a strong presumption arose that he would not be ing extent on both sides of the river. A number of vessels are now waiting for some hundred thousand feet thus to be acquired. It would be well to give the Superintendent of Police at Port Mac- quarie, positive authority to eject per- sons who have been obliged by the Government order to cease cutting on the proscribed country. Prisoners of the crown are said to profit greatly indeed by such transactions, and the temptation has even allured certain parties from Sydney, who intend to commence wholesale de- struction, and who will sweep the lands of their chief value in that quarter, if the Government do not speedily inter- pose. We do not see any reasonable objection, however, to the cutting of cedar for local uses being still allowed beyond the limits prescribed by procla- mation. Wo will now resumo our digost of British intelligence for the period be- tween the early part of September and the latter end of October last, in the order we commenced with in our preced- ing number. We spoke of war being by no meansimprobable.and the inducements for i*. Tho opinions of the Morning Herald are somewhat in keeping with this suppo- sition :- j FIRST RESULT OF* BH1TISH INTERFE- RENCE IN THE AFFAIRS OF SPAIN. Morning Herald'. - '* What have we lo do?" said Lord Brougham, cot long ago in the House of Peers, " with the ques- tion for which the people of the Basque provinces are contending, any moro thau they havo to do willi our Corporation Reform Bill?" Wo ask the same ques- tion-we ask, moreover, why it is that our Whig ministers, who affect a groat horror of war, hive not only induced Englishmen'to enlist in the Spanish ser- vice, and cut each others' throats in stipportof conflicting parties, but actually made it a matter of boast in the King's Speech. It is admitted now on all hands that many of those Englishmen who en listed in the service of the Queen Regent have deserted to Don Carlos, and all accounts agree in stating that there were Englishmen engaged on liol h sides in the conflict between the garrison of San Se- bastian and the Carlist troops in po.-iiiou at Hernani, which General Evans calls a recannoissance, but which, let it be called by what name it will, ended in the dis- comfiture and speetly retreat of the conl- oi led Spanish and British forces of the Qioen. This stain upon the military renown of England is the result of that policy which our Foreign Secretary has pursued in reference to a country torn by civil dissensions, but which was never in s .ich a deplorable stale of distraction and misery as since the unlucky interference of strangers in their quarrels, by means of the quadrupl < treaty, which was, for- sooth, lo re- establish peace and omer, but which has produced nothing but con- fusion and anarchy. In respect to this quadruple treaty, our Whig ministers havo buen duped by tho crafty Louis 1'hiliippe and his diplomatists, a< they were botono cajoled in the matter of tile Anglo-Gallican convention. In that.in stance French interests were served to the manifest detriment of those of England. Wo alienated one of our oldest allies and best customers to gratify the King of the French, who wanted an opportunity to take Belgium under his military protec- tion, whilo, hy a dash of military entor prize, he obtained nome popularity for his then tottering government. With rogard to Spaiu, it was the object of Louis Phillippe, from the beginning, to govern the court of Madrid, while it governed the country upon the juste milieu or no principle plan of policy. To maintain this juste milieu system he induced our ministry to cntanglo this country in the affairs of Spain, by making England a party to tho quadruple alliance. We said all along that the wretchod juste milieu system had no footing in Spain, und must be overthrown. Need we ask now who was right? The iu toi meddling of fo- reigners has blown the partial nanto of civ ii strife into a general conflagration. It will not be uninteresting to know who compose, or did in October last, compose the British Auxiliary Legion, employed with the connivance of British authorities iu Spain. The Ge eral Staff, Heads of Depart- ments, and Brigades of the British Auxiliary are, or then were, as follows : Commander in Chief-Lieutenant Ge- neral de Lacy Evans. Aides de Camp-Lieutenant Colonel Considine, Military Secretary, Dowbiggin, Major H. Parker, Captain V. Lazaina, Lieutenant Hon. G. Strat- ford, Captain Meade; extra Aide del Camp, Brigade Major H. Byng Hall. The brigades, with their commanders, aides de camp, and majors of brigade, were as follows : - Light brigade, Major General W. Reid; the nile corps, the ßth Scotch regiment, the 10th Munster light infan- try, Brigade Major, W. H. Cocker. First brigade, Brigadier General Rob. de L. Evans, C.B.; the first regiment, third Westminster grenadiers, seventh Irish light infantry; Brigade Major W. D. Bedford. Second brigade, Brigadier General Chichester; second regiment, eighth Highlanders. Aide de Camp, Lieutenant Knight, first regiment; Brigado Mtyor, Captain Cadogan, first regiment. Third brigade, Colonel Charles Shaw; fifth Highlanders, ninth (Irish) regiment. Extra Aide de Camp, Captain O'Neale, sixth regiment; Brigade Major, Captain Boyd, fifth regiment. Commandant of Artillery, Col. Col- quhoun. Military Secretary, Lieut. Colonel W. Considine, Aide de Camp. Assistant ditto, Captain dorman. Adjutant General, Colonel Lu Mar- chant, Deputy ditto. Lieutenant Col, Oliver De Lunoi'y, Deputy Quarter Master Got!, Lieut Colonel Davie*. A umlaut ditlo, Lieut, Cul. ClmrJe» Boyd, Deputy A Ï*Î ii I u u I ditto, Cuptul o W, ii, cUtU, Deputy Commissary Gen, A. Faxardo. Inspector General of Hospitals, D. S. Callandor. That thoro was no likelihood of any material change of ministry speedily, wo aro confirmed in concluding from tho opposite language of tho leading Whii and Tory London Journals, two of which wo shall just for example-sake place in juxta position :- | rHKTIIItONIi AND WHIG LOYALTY, Ac THF. MlNKÏliY RADICAL KKIMSh. i Morning Chronicle. - Morning Post -The 'Iii-To vj iirnulafnul- Chruuiele II right m HUH- , mp ihn volo» of iii« peu- ini> tliHtth« l/iiitid King- ' pla becoming evnry day ilom want» repose ; hut stronger in support nf ilia who have been, and now pri-Hent cabinet, nffeot «o »rp, consmntlv nt work rnnsol- t emäelves willi to prevent ii Î The nn the hope thut lliov Bru ?<> sw'er tothe qut stion from liny« no1 only tho l' e- everv mun of ooranion sponsilil* L'nild lor ever s .uso, from ono end ol' on iliHir sid«* hut »Ino (he country lo the other, tmit suit higher audio- will lie, I hut the Whip riiv, upon whose will, or ministers nr« the g<«Ht whose ennrice, if von enemies in " repine;" please, tho miui*tfy>may that ugiiaiion ia neoes tio Bald to oxisl. The sary Tor tliHir |>oliticnl ''oliip- trnp"exneriments existence-it is" the ni of Sir Robert I'epl.'how. they lire»-lie; if they ever, have had their ilav, have it not ih»y d10." No lunn in hi« senses Witness the putt perfor would venture to try them manaes nf .Wr.U'Conuell again; or, if be did, I.o in Ireland, under their would noun discover (lint patrouitge, and his p>e there ii a spirit uwuke e-111 (utile attempt in throughout this oouniiy Great Britain; witness which would not permit the lute orisin, (he line him to hold the ret.is of foolery ahout «tipping nowar fur a singlo moiltli. the «upplies that liifve The Majority iu the 1beoiiii.i«m>y.rinrited,and lloii9e of'Commons ia n huu.lie.. ¿thor thingi, decided on tiny suoh ahuoduutly proving (hut question. Let n new for Win* Radicals to t.dk House becalled, and that of tvUhing "'for repose" majority will at least bo ia only 10 add one innre ilou'j'eii. There would lo the lonir catalogue of be no longer any raia- hrpnori'ioal profeiaiom givingï nhnKt hurling a 'which constitute their Peel or Wellington mi- who.» amok of marr. ni-try from the onbinet The Chronicle, howey«', by an addre« directly is not ao weale as for on 1 expresivo of » «'ant of moment tn suppose that confitlence III leny auob either tis fawning cr ita advije a, These " signs falsehood will impose up. of the times" have not nu the illustrious perann baan un lo'iced jn high agesoonnfidentlynlluded quirlers: nnd it ia oie- to. No; this attempt tn ilita le to the good-8-nee mislead 'its rea.le-s 1« and constitutional fueliug' miirli on a pur willi the of the illiMtrious per- coulidenoeofL'ir IJroug. 6onnge to wh m «0 thus ham at Aberdeen," when rn-pectful'y allude, thut his lordship would drop he bin oiímly weighed, a line by that uighi\ nnd frankiv ndtiiiitad the post touching the jollifi influence which the de- nation they had had ;" clnred wishes ol'his peo- and we really bi'ieve, pie ought to ex reise " that the intercourse upon his mind, in this between the sovereign respeoi. We sincerely HUII his minister* mai congratulate the country now he considered on as upon tina event. 'Vu gracions unit kindly a look upon it as tho har- footing" as it was durin» dinger of tint repot« of the eternal bragging ol which the United King- the autumn of hist vear. dom. after ita nunv se- W« tell the Chronicle its vere struggles, stands so 'dupes ate miserauly de rauoh iu need. creased. It has hurd and .up-hill work to perform, even io the region of the . . . . . metropolitan boroughs ; hut in the country i's _, ' recent vapouring, and . .* - #1 ".# swaggering.jind bullying ? ' and fa'aelioo Is, have an been seen through, and, . . * * by ita own f dlv it is al- ready rendered perfeotly innocuous. The Venezuelans are again at peace. The address of General Paez to the people 1st August, alfoids evidence of his activity and energy. He left his farm only twelve days before, without an army, and without resources of any kind, and hn accomplished his purpose without shedding a drop of blond. " Public opinion," he says, " guided mo, and divine providence sustained me." IRELAND.-The first report alluded to inourla3t of the commissi aers for in- quiring into the condition of the poorer classes in Ireland, with an appendix, containing a largo body of evidence, has been distributed. The evidenco solely relates to the mode in which the destitute classes in Irelands, are supported, t» the extent anti efficiency of tho-ie modes, and their effects upon those who give, and upon those who receive relief. The second branch " Whether any and what further remedial measures appear to be requisite to ameliorate the condition of the Irish poor, or any portion of them." The great proportion of the population (say the commissioners) about and amongst whom the inquiry was to be made, is constantly fluctuating between mendicancy and independent labour. In whole districts scarcely one of that class of substantial capitalist farmers, so uni- versal in England, can be found. The small resident gentry are hut few, and the substantial tradesman is not to he met with at intervals of two or three miles, as in England ; for there are but few towns of sufficient trade to create such a class.-The fact which is best established is the number of the vagrants-The mos conflicting accounts are ttiven as to their character, habits, &c.; In the more civi- lised parts of the country, as the Lowlands of the counties of Londonderry and An- trim, vagrancy, the commissioners say, is looked upon with rather au evil eye. In the parishes of Dungiven and lianagher, county of Londonderry, the Rev. Mr. ltoss, the Protestant rector says "Mora- lity and kindness are prevalent among all. Vagrancy being without terrors, there can he no motive for prudence. " Liberal not lavish, is kind nature." This report however seems open to much exception. The city of Londonderry, that strong hold of bigotry and Orango in- tolerance, had given the Lord Lieute- nant an enthusiastic reception. An ad- dress was presented to him, expressive of high satisfaction at his conduct as a Viceroy, and stating a fervent hope that his " exertions may be rewarded by the cessation of those jealousies and divisions which have continued to keep Ireland so far behind the other parts of the Em- pire." To this, considering the pUee where it was drawn up, significant and auspicious Address, the Noble Duri re plied, " it has given me sincere pleasure to hear those fraternal sentimen.s which wore ii ist conveyed to me at the seat of Covernment, which havo been since re- peated to me in the extreme south, a id tli« far west, now cheerefully te-chocdin tit» north." Last seasons' Doncaster Races pamod off with some eclat, Tho tonn was crowd ed, says an Kngljih paper, (ho grund rttaud crowded, tho hull »oom and theatre were crowded, hut the ratio» were not so mi inn tod a» muai. Tho spurt wat nu follow»; Tim I'itswilliiiii) HlakcHuf l(l«ov«,cai:|i, «Uli'iOaddixl hy the íjorpunilíou, Milo und billi', I'uur «ul>«oribui«. Lord Egremont'« oh. li. Nonsense, 5 years, 8 stone I2lb. 1 Mr. M arson's bl. o. London, 4 years 8 stone 5lb. 2 The Champaigu steaks of 50 sovs. each, li. f., for two years old colts, 8 stone 5lb.; 'and lillies, 8 stone 3lb. The winner to give six dozen of Champaigu lo the club. .Twenty-nine subscribers. I Mr.'Orde's b. f. Bees-wing, by Dr. Syntax I Mr. Daw-son's br. f. Fair Jane, by Jerry 2 Major Yarburgh's b. c. St. Laurence, by St Nicholas 3 Mr. Watt's b. f. by Lottery, out of Baleino 4 Without anything like a false start, they got off nearly abreast, and continued so at a good pace till just withii tho dis- tance, whore Bee's wing quitted her horse«, and had the rest of it to herself, and won very easy by two or three lengths. The next three were close together, but the others wore beaten off, Jurioo being whipper-in. ti is Majesty's pluto of 10O guineas. Four miles. Duke of Locd's br. g. Zohrab, 4 year» 7stono9lb. 1 Lortl Derby's gr. h. Speculator, agod. IO stone ' 2 It struck us, howevor, that had a com- plaint been made, the plate would hnvo boen awarded to Lord Derby, as Zohrab hung upon the gray to the last, and nearly drove him upon the rails. A Free Handicap of 15sovs. each, Arc. Thrco subscribers. No mee. The Four-year-old Produce! Stakes of 100 sovs. «ach, h. ft. Four milos. Five subscribers. Duke of Leed's h. f. by Whisker, out of Y. Mary, walked over. Accounts from St. Thomas's to iBe 24th, of August, state, that the hurricane which hail been so destructivo at Antigua and other islands,had beeu felt at St. Thomas'« on the 13th, and many vessels -had re- turned in distress. The eastern part of Porto Rico had been devastated, and th ree-fourths of the coffee crop destroyed. The sugar canes had also been much in- jured. The markets at St. Thomas's were glutted with all kinds of merchan- dise. By a letter published in New York Papers it appears the elections for the ensuing congress had terminated, except in the states of Maryland and Mississippi, which would take place in October. The number of members elected at the pre- sent is 225 ; but in addition to the nbnve two states, one vacancy by* death had oc cured in South Carolina, and four vacan- cies hy resignation in the state of Georgia. It ia said that of this number 95 were opposed to and 127 in favour of Van Buren's pretensions to the Presidency, allowing for th.ee doubtful votes. CANADA.- Montreal papers of the 26th August announce the arrival of his-Ma- jesty's ship Pike, Lion Captain Rous, having on board the Commissioners of Inquiry into the affairs of Canada.' The Vestal, 26, Capt. W. Jones, re cently got aground on the coast of La Guira, when site was oWi^o I to start her water, and throw her guns overboard. She however floated off at the expense only of GO feet of false keel, and she re- covered her guns having taken the pre- caution of buoying them. The Euphrates Expedition.-Letters had been received diiect from Colonel Chesney, dated " Port William, on the upper Éupharates, 21st July," all well. CAPT. BACK»-Immediately on his arrival in to* n, Capt. Back had the honour of being summoned lo the presence of His Majesty, by whom he was graciously received. A ¿ter all the vicissitudes, cares, fatigues, and excitement he bas undergone in his arduous task, lie, no doubt, will require a period of repose and rest; but we rejoic; to say that there is n ithing to impede his work going direct'y to the press. Of it wo are enabledito say (and we would not say more than enough to awaken the public feeling), that the nar- rative is of the most interesting kind, full of personal adventure, and a simple but nublo example of difficulties overcomo by personal intrepidity, judgement, and per- severance. If any thing could raise capt. Back's character, this publication will exalt it. The drawings are beautiful; and we do indeed anticipate a great en- joyment in tracing this expedition of toils and perils, after the toils are passed, and perils forgoteu amid the gratulations of friends a id die admiration of a grateful country. Hamp. Tel THE BANK OF ENGLAND.-A change has recently taken place in the mode of transacting business between the Bank of England and the branch banks i i the country. Heretofore the practice was, when payments wero to be made in Lon- don through the branch hanks, for tho parties to take a bill payable in twenty one days, or some fixed term, after date, which, when arrived maturity, became in all respects the same as a bank note, and exacted no trouble whatever from the holder. Latterly, instead of this practice at which no exception had been taken, nor any complaint made, the plan adopted is to give a bill payable seven or more days after sight, which document is of no value to the possessor until presented at the Bank lor acceptance in the same man- ner as an ordinary hill of exchange. To many persons, especially where the sums are small, and the parties not much con- versant with business, this is found to be highly inconvenient, and the whole thing is'in fact, generally complained of. The civil war in Persia is it seems, still raging with great fury on both sides. "TOM MOOKK" The Wexford Indé- pendant gives a long account or Mr. T. Moore's reception at Baunow, in sept, on his vi«.it to Mr. Boyse. He was met by a large assemblage of persons, who insisted on his getting from his own car- riage into au open phaeton, decorated wi h laurels and flowers, and nine young women, habited as muses, crowned .tho Irish bard willi a wreath of Lauroli and myrtles, The triumphal car was then drawn hy the people to iti pluoc of destin- ation, where Mr. Munro delivered an eloquent utldrens. At night, bonfire» »luzod upon g» hundred hill*, and «very windi»tv m Bmirio* w<t» illuminated, Tho liiiil tit M lulu ia »ppoiitud flr»t UitA tit iii«) Admiralty. " I knew M two in willoi* (lie Mluííiur praying over a child apparently dying, ^unid, 'If it he thy will, spure.' The poor mother's soul, yearning for her be- loved, exclaimed, ' It must bo his will - I cannot bcarifs.' The Minister stopped. To the suprise of many Ibu child recovcr v ed; and the mother, after suffering mar- tyrdom hy him while ti stripling, lived to see him banged before he was two and twenty I Oh ! it is good to say, * No' my will, but thine.' "-Life oj Reo. ti. Gil . pin. The latest state of the London market may be gathered from the following para- graphs :-? SATURDAY MORNING.-Consols have fallen g percent, this week, and Omnium the same ; the closing prices yesterday were 90J for Money, 90g for the 14th inst.. and 91g buyers for the 25th No- vember; Omnium, 3$ pm. There has been sumo disappointment in 'he amount purchased under the West India Com- pensation Act; iii« Money invested was about £100,000 sterling, whilst the job- bers were anticipating a much larger sum. It is, however, understood thore will bo a large invesment in the ensuing week. i The Bank of England has extended the time for loans till the 20th inst. Money lias been much wanted. In the Foreign Market a heavy fluct- uation has taken place in Spanish Bonds -from 45 to 39J, leaving off yesterday at 42\. Scrip from I6£ to 20¿ discount, aud closing at 18¿ discount. The cause of this depression arose from a report that M. Mcndizabal was seriously ill, and could not form a ministry ; this has since been contradicted. Portuguese Five per Cent. Bonds have been down to 8o'J, and closed :it 08 ; Three per Cents ditto, 50$ 573t ; Dulcb Two and Half per Cents, ^ 53^ 54; Dutch Five per Cents, 100 ex «li»*.; Belgian, lOlf; Brazilian, 85 ex div.; Chilli in, 43 44; Colombian, 321 £ ; Danish, 70.J ex div.; Mexican, 37£ ; Peruvian, 25¿ 20§ ; Russian Bonds, 1013$ . 7¿. Very little business doing in the Share Market. AMBASSADOR TO AERICA. -Henry Stephen Fox, Esq., the new Minister Plenipotentiary to the United States of y America, is appointed in the room of Sir Charlo* Vaughan, (brother to Sir Henry Halford), who is recalled athis own request, altera diplomatic service of ! more than ten years at Washington. Mr. Fox is the only son of the late Honorable Gpneral Fox, and cousin to Lord Hol- land. I Sir St. Vincent Cotton, Bart., is re- gularly installed in offieo as the Driver of "' the Ago," Brighton coach. BURNS' SISTKR. - The admirers of Bums cannot fail lo learn with regret that ? his sister is now in a state of great afflic- tion and destitution. Her husband was killed by a fall from his horse, leaving his widow and two daughters totally un- provided for, and now in circumstances of distress. These facts are vouched for by the minist«, r of the parish of Tranent, near Edinburgh, who also mentions that Mrs. B.egg and her daughters reside in his parish, and aro most deserving per > sons. A Russian fleet of twelve sail, in com- ing down the Baltic on Friday afternoon, the 4th instant, hove to under Cbristi .ansoe and fired a salute, which was re j turned from that fort. One of tho ships bore the flag of a vice-admiral, and another of them that of a rear-admiral ; itrall, eight sail of the line, and four largofrtgates. One of the latter was des- patched to Bornholm, probably for pilots to take them to the North Sea ; and ' when returning from Bornholm, having got within a few utiles of the admiral, anJ comiuunicaling by signal, she put about and went back to that island, aud ""by sunset had not returned to the fleet, ? when they were lost sight of, still laying to.- Hamp. Correspondent. YORK FESIVAL.-The total amount of th.: receipts including donations, &c;, was £10.709 Us. fid. f GLOUCESTER FESTIVAL.-The amount of the receipts, was only £2,700., while the expenses were £3,¿00, so that lhere is a deficit of £500 to bo made up by the stewards. The sum of £600 Us. lOd. collected at the cathedral is not included I in the above ; it was presented to the I charity without any deduction whatever. The recent was the 12th triennial meeting of the Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford choirs. Lady Mary Fox (his Majesty's second daughter) is appointed Housekeeper of Windsor Castle, in the room of the Hon. Georgiana Townsend, deceased. The appointment is supposed tobe worth£l000 l* per annum, with a handsome suite of apartments in the round Tower. The ridieulous form of hobnobbing &c;, upon installation of sheriffs for London for the current year seoms to have been gone through with the usual particularity * and observances. THE NEW SHERIFFS. - When the sheriffs, J. Lainsun, Esq., and D. Salo- mons, Esq., were presented, the Cursitor Baron (George Banks, Esq.,) expressed in the unusual manner, his Majesty's approbation. C.Pearson and B. Hard- wick, Esqs. were named sheriffs' attor- neys; and C. Brown, Esq., was named as attorney for receiving writs and mandates from that (the Exchequer) court. Messrs. Raphael and Illidge, the late sheriffs, rendered an account of their receipts and profits of the last year. The usual cere monies of chopping sticks, counting horse- shoes and hob-nails, were then performed by Mr. Alderman Kelly, the senior Al derman, who has not passed the chair. These ceremonies were performed agree- ably to the tenure by which the corpora- tion holds certain property in Shropshire, St. Clement Danes, and other places. A curious incident occurred in counting the nails. On Mr. Alderman Kelly being asked by the officer of the court, "How many nails are there ?", the Alderman replied, "sixty." Officer - "I am sorry you cannot make more; it is not good service." The City functionaries appeared confounded. Mr. Baron Banks - "count them again." Mr. Alderman Kelly was proceeding to count a second time, when the Alderman discovered that one nail had been left in the bag. "Sixty-one nails," exclaimed the Alderman. Officer \- "A good service." (Laughter.) The officers of the corporation then left the court. We shall conclude onr present digest] with the following cursory miscellanea. I MISCELLANEA.--Ithasfrequentlybcon remarked by Foreigners that in England there is more self-mod ¡cat i m, more swal- lowing of pills and draughts, more com- pounding of jalap and senna, and "more quack medicines so'd, than in all (hu rest ol' the civilized world put together Bad coockcry is the cause of this. Donieslie Magazine. Learning, like beaten gold, in proportion toils being more extended, becomes more superficial. Parterre. The Emperor Nicholas hasreieasod from Siberia, the Prince Alexander Leven, thogo Ison of the late Sovereign...Russia, according to Malte Brun, cotuprehonds the twentyeighth part of the surfaoe of the globo, the ninth part of tho continent and has for its subjects the fifteenth part of human taue...Sir St. Vincent Cotton, Bart., is régulai ly installed in office, as the driver of «' The Ago" Brighton coach. Thf late liarl of Chatham was the senior Knight of the Ordor of the Garter : by his death there is a blue ribbon at the disposal of his Majesty.Foreign Seamen, after two years service in any British ships are naturalised. ...One of the Thames steamers has recently made the passage from Bl ickwall to lîdinbur^h iu 39 hours.... In one of the Norwich papers, there ure no less than eighty nine adverfisments of sales of farms aud agri- cultural property in that and rho adjoining county of Suffolk.... The MontreulHcrald says that ono Bouchcrville, the chief sweep of the city, has been appointed foreman of the King's Bench grand jury.The crow flies at the rate of twenty five miles an hour, the hawk fort-two, the eagle more than eighty. A hawk one flew from Fontainbleau, and was caught twenty- four hours after at Malta, thus travelling 1,000 English miles, or 42 miles an hour, and more than 3,000 feet u minn o... .Colonid Hodges has been bv her M ijfsty's command, restored to his rank ol' Colonel in the Portuguese service . .The civil war in Persia is it seems, s:i I raging with great fury on both sides.... Wheat has been lately selling at Cowbridne market at Us. and 12s. per bushel of 1081b. -Cam ¿nan» ...The greaier part of the pretty town of Jaeohstat, in F.nlan I, has been destroyed by fire... At Kohrin, in the government of Grodno, 296 houses, 88 stores and wooden shops, 120 magazines, 138 stables, the guard-house, court-house, <tc., have been burnt to the ground.... The Times recommends England to es a blish a permanent blockade of the Darda- nelles to counteract the influence of Russia. Major Mitchell says, such a couis.> would not prevent Russia from occupying the islands on the European side of Turkey, and would be useless. It is agreed that to secure Constantinope against Russia an army of no less than 150,000 men would be necessary . ...The fire-offices in London calculate upon one alarm of fire every day, and 32 serious fires every year... .The act of las session for the abolition of unnece&siry; oaths in the public departments cime into operation in September lust ....A cypres« is now growing in th.- full vi^or of youthful vegeiation near Mexico, which had attained iU full g'OWth when Montezuma was cn the throne in 1520 . . . . Every man ought to have a period in every day to which he can look forward as his time of relaxation, and during which be shall be en ire ma->ter of his tiim and pursuits. This is c-scntiaJ to busmes«. At a religious meeting in Providence, otu of the sptaki-rs ibus delivered himself: - " Brethren, 13m just ¡is confident that thjre is a Supreme Being as I am thnre is flotii in Alexandri i ; and that I know for a cer- tainty, as I yesterday received from ti ere a lo* of 300 bai reis fresh superfine, which I will sell as low ns any man for cash." 