HISTORICAL RECORDS OF THE PAST YEAR. CANADAS AND THE WEST INDIES. (From the Atlas). In Upper Canada a new world is rapidly rising, towns and villages, [even within the present year hare grown up among wilds ; the sound of the axe whicj cleurs the forest is echoed by the mallet of the builder, and towards that immense district, which was scarcely known to the habitens of New France, when they yielded to the arms of New England, the tide of immigration has set so strongly that its population is now equal to that of both the Canadas, within a life time, The circumstance of so many English families having within so late a period settled in Upper Canada, may account for the comparative quiet of its political state. In Lower Canada, the children of the soil, as the descendants of the French settlers glory in calling them- selves, have interests different from those of their English rulers. True, their religion (the Catholic) is established; true, the constitution given, not asked in 1783, as a reward for that loyalty which the Canadian has always so faith- fully preserved, is nearer to that of the mother country, than is the constitution of any other of her colonies; yet there are grievances to which a distant settle- ment is always liable, and others peculiar to themselves, against which the free and proud spirit of the French Canadian frets itself. The position of the people is critical;- descendants of Frenchmen, the subjects of England, the natives of the soil and its inheritors by treaty with the Indian, and the neighbours of a powerful republic, once, like themselves a colony of England, but which, having thrown off the yoke of the mother country when that yoke became oppressive has raised itself to the first place among, nations, the allegiance of the Canadians is tried with strong temptations. We cannot enter at length into the quarrel. It is vain for either of the contending parties to suppose that the interests of the French descendant and the English or Irish settlor of reeent date are incom- patible; but retaining as they do the relics of the French feudal system ; esta- blished among them as is the political influence almost inseparable from the hierarchy of Rome ; blessed as they are with a free constitution ; excited by example, and prompted by the wild impulses of nature herself to demand a greater degree of freedom, it is only marvellous that England has been able so long to attach to herself the duty and allection of her Canadian subjects. The French party, however abused, have proceeded by constitutional means to the attainment of that political power of which they boast, and which their adver- saries, so far from denying, make of it an accusation against them. It is in the Legislative Chamber that their strength is displayed. They are the representa- tives of the people, chosen under a con- stitution given them by the English them- selves, under a law of election, which, if abused, affords a remedy to the ag- grieved parly. By the repeated election of Papineau to the important office of Speaker, the Legislative Assembly has declared the views of the majority of its members to be in unison with the avowed intentions of that influential individual. The great grievance of which M. Papi- neau's party complain is the constitution of the Legislative Council. This Upper House has the power of rejecting any mensure passed by the lower, and the appointment of its members is with the crown. As in all similar cases, the interests of the elected and appointed are supposed to clash, and an infusion of popular spirit into the Legislative Coun- cil is declared to be essential to the welfare of Canada. Into the minuter question of privilege we will not enter. The late Governor, Lord Aylmer, is charged by the French party with carry- ing matters with too high a hand - with exercising his privilege less in the spirit of the constitution than in deference to prejudices; but they agree that the sys- tem, and not the individual, is to blame. They have appealed to the Council and the Governor by address and remonstrance, to the Colonial Department at home, to the Supreme Legislature, and to the Crown by Petition. In the absence of that direct representation, which even under the reformed system the English Parliament denies to the colonies, they have employed an agent, himself a mem- ber of the Imperial Parliament, to es- pouse their cause, and have secured the influence of another person of great ability and unequivocal power to aid, by his eloquent advocacy, their claims to redress." On the other side, it is urged against the French party that they are in heart alien to the welfare of England, that they encourage intrigues from the United States, or use the power to do so as a threat, that they aim at independence and the subjugation of the English and Irish settlers. It is said against them that they refused, during a late session, the ways and means for carrying on the Government, afforded no means for the payment of its officers, securing however, their own salaries, for each member is paid a certain stipend during the dis- charge of his parliamentary duties, + and that their remonstrances to the Supremo Government were haughty, and breathed the language of disaffection. The great majority of the English and irish settlers in Canada profess themselves contented with, and ready to suffer for the mainte- nanoo of, the present constitution. The Legislative Council, tho House of As- sembly, the French party and their adversarios, have equally ihcir supporters in tho pnblic press, and the contest bus been carried to suoh a pilch, that tho Government at borne, after having sub- mitted to a Committee of the House of Commons the resolutions of the Cana- dian Legislature, and tho whole course of our colonial policy, as regards Canada, and having set themselves right by the approval ol' the whole House unequivo- cally expressed as to the adoption of that course, have thought it necessary to recall Lord Ayliuer from his government, and to send out a commission, of which the principal should be at once Lord Chief Commissioner, Commander in Chief, and Governor. This arrangement w.i« the work of the Earl of Aberdeen, whilo Secretary for the Colonies, during the brief administration of Sir It. Peel. On the resignation ol' that minister, and the appointment to the colonies of Mr. C. Grant, now Lord Glenelg, the arrange- ment of his predecessor was acted on in the liberal spirit which should guide the confidential servants of the King of a groat people. The person selected by the Tory Government for tho office of Lord Chief Commissioner was Viscount Canterbury f late Sir C. Manners) ; but that nobleman having resigned the ap- pointment, the Earl of Gosford was called to that important oflico-happily arrived, and opened the Session at Montreal on the 27lh of October, in a speech of the most conciliatory character. The English and Irish parties thought it gave up all to their adversaries, and the House of Assembly replied in an Address of rather equivocal character, accepting as right all that was offered as concession, and hold ing out something like a threat lo enforce any portion of their demands which the British Government mi¿ht think it wiso to withhold. It is clsar, from the opi- nions of the extreme parties, that the Lord Commissioner, acting in the spirit of his instructions, happily succeeded in steering that temperate, middle course, which eau alone afford a neutral ground, . The salary of Mr. Roebuck is £600 a year, and £6L0 a year is allowed for his expenses. The House of .Assembly have, by resolution, confirmed this allowance, the hill for granting which ives thrown out by ihe Legislative Council. 'I he Assembly, by 50 votes lo 5, regret that Lord Glenelg should have raised objections to Mr. Roebuck's appointment. I Other teso'utions, carried hy 53 lo C, express confi dence in Mr. Roebuck, and attach gisat importance lo his »ervicos. Mr. O'connell has no recognized '»lary but in his voluntary advocacy he speaks nith lue voice of authority. [ t Tea shillings peí diem. i whereon the opposing parlies may meet 'without compromising the ' dignity of *! either. Tho ultimate result of this im ¡portiint step it may bo months bolero wo 'are enabled to learn ; but ii is beyond any | doubt tbnt the year 1B35 closed oirCantt dian prospect incalculably brighter than] w« ro visible at its opening. 'The history of the West India Islands during the year 1835, is of more interest than that of any of the independent states on the great Continent in whose bordering seas they lie.The British portion of this important archipelago has in lins year un- dergone its most extraordinary revolution; has, according to one set of reasoners.-emerged from its moral nonage, and attained the maturity of reason in the exercise of freedom ; according to philosn» phers of another cast, it has reached in this year its grand climacteric. Its strength in slavery has failed—its days of prosperity are numbered, and is British interest totters to annihilation, or is ready to fall into tho arms of a rival. The Carib, in the days of Columbus, drew equally solid apprehension from the appearance of a ship ; the buccaneer saw tokens of direful change in the approach of civilization ; and the dreadful example of St. Domingo (Hayti) afforded more rational alarm to those who loved liberty but hated license. The sordid sacrifices of savage men are offered no more ; the buccaneer has ceased to ply his dreadful trade; tho degrading traffic of the slaves is illegal, and the fetters have fallen from the hands of the emancipated negroes ; reason smiles as the apprehensions of ignorance and the false alarm of fraud are dissipated or disproved. Cuba and Porto Rico, still Spanish and still enslaved, though under a system much more liberal than that lately pursued in our own colonies, ,have experienced an increasing measure of prosperity^' by a means, however, to which we will presently allude, as this year they have been made useful as illustrations of the political and agricultural neces sities of our own colonies. The kingdom of Hayti, where philosophy draws knowledge and prejudice gains strength, appears to exist for little else. As a colony. is supplied to the mother country exports £5 000,000 a year ; as an independent negro king- dom, it is as yet little more than an experiment, which has failed. The remaining French colonies on either side of Hayti — Martinique and Gaudu lope- are slowly recovering from the effect of our occupation; and with Cayenne, these islands, the French Antilles, are now made the rendezvous of a considerable naval force, gathered in these s-ru, as it is supposed, io watch the mo'i rican navy, of which a considerable squaudron has lately been stationed near Cuba. The Dutch, Danish, and Swedish West Indies have undergone no change during the year, except the slight afiec tions incident to the change of system in the British colonies, if we except a liberal law passed by the crown of Denmark for St, Thomas's, and the tail of the tornado, which swept the same island in the summer ol tbe year-an event unhappily too frequent to require especial note. The anomalous state of society which has so long existed in the British West India islands has, in tihs year, assumed a new aspect. Slavery is abo- lished. The planter is already in the receipt of tho stipulated compensation for each of his slaves, who are manumited by the act of the Imperial Parlia ment carried into force, according to local regu'a tions, proceeding from the colonial legislatures, who all zealously conspired to carry into effect the in tentions of the people of England. A new justi- ciary system, a new police system, new regulations between master and servant, have originated new modes of thought ; a collision in more than one in stance has occurred between the executive adminis traiion and the legislative bodies, arising chiefly out of the different view taken by such of the best means to carry out the Emancipation Act. The Earl of Mulgrave, 'now Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, wit that union of firmness and conciliation which has marked his conduct in the viceroyalty of Ireland, prepared the mind of the people of Jamaica for the coming charge, and gave assurance at home of the successful issue of the experiment. Ihe was suc- ceeded by the Earl of Sligo, who, with au equal desire to do justice to the proprietors, and with a greater zeal to protect the negro, appears to have tailed in conciliating the former. Within the year he has found it necessary abruptly to dissolve tho House of Assembly, and we now daily expect the Chamber. The new elections appear in a gr a niu.,sine to have returue i the old members. The effeot produced on Jamaica by the abolition of sla- very is not easily calculated. The first and uin.t 1 mpnrtnnt re-iuli will probably be the settlement of . /.^?r/.f.«nn«ja.fl]|Jiuaa*licJiKajJrj»Ja/id-in.tl»'u_meeJj»». ? teal ait.«, und s eli an v* in the cb-ouctor of fi-»lil CU'L tivation may not improbably follow, If it be true that sugar cannot be raised without coerced labour, sugar will probably cease to be a great staple pro- duction in this and other islands, and the soil will be devoted to other kinds of culture.. With regard to the negro population, the greatest misfortune ap- pears to be that, in the first year of tho seven which is to be the term of apprenticeship, little has been done to prepare the mind of the negro for the con- dition into which he will pass from the present state of transition, To this end should be devoted all the energies of those who would in earnest abo- lish slavery. In free America, where tho brand of ownership is removed, the stain of colour continues to convey an idea of degradation. The moral sla- very of opinion oppresses and subdues after the shackles have been removed, and the only excuse is that the negro is not educated for his new condi- tion. The American prejudice against a dark skin is as eradicable as it is unjust, and it will be easier to raise the emancipated negro to a higher standard, in spite of the prejudice, than to subdue the feeling. The slave has been used to have his temporal wants cared for without his thought. Higher desires he knew none ; the great evils of his life were labour and the lash. His freedom is unaccompanied by Providence ; he must sustain himself and family, provide for sickness and the accidents of life ; the wants of civilization press upon him before he knows that it is on himself be must depend for their supply. Should emancipation overtake the negro peasantry in their present state of preparation—or rather no preparation—it will be scarcely a boon, To fit them far the great change is, we repeat, the bounden duty of the benevolent individuals who have taught them to expect from freedom unquali- fied blessings, and have made immense sacrifices to procure for them those blessings. The want of education, the ignorance of moral obligation, the absence o all sense of the decencies of civilization, prevail among the negro population,of many of our colonies. When these evils are removed—when the emancipated slave is brought into tho conditton even of the Russian serf--the day of real emanci- pation will be at hand. What is true of Jamaica applies, with certain modifications,to the other British West Indies, if we except the Panamas and tho Bermudas, neither of which can, from local position, be fairly cons- dered as coming under this head In Demerara, Easequibo and Barbadoes, most - property called British Guiana, since ibe 1st of August, 10:55. ib., j colonized population have been employed oi-b«r¡ according to a scale laid down in the Emancipated Act, or by agreement with their late masters at wages of from a bit (or five stivers) to one guilder] (or sixteen pence) a week, for iiyn hours and a half of extra labour. The 'apprentices have con- ducted themselves with considerable regularity, but the free negroes have nearly all refused to work in the sugar plantations, although in the coffee grounds or in lighter soil, they appear as much in- clined to labour as people of their condition in other countries. The yearly cost of a slave averaged from £16 io £17, and the compensation afforded by Par- liament averages "£50. From these elements may be calculated the possibility of employing European labourers in the colonies. The Windward Isles especially Barbadoes, have hneii distinguished far tho saccets which bus awaited the experiment of emancipation. Trinidad, wbicb, with Tobago, slightly fell tho effect of the whirlwind in autumn, invites British capital, and courts the attention of the speculator, and, indeed, all these islands have resources yet unattained. In Grenada, the German settlers, and the content of tbe labourers have enabled the planters to gather in the present year's oiop with little loss. St. Vin- cents has bud more to encounter, bul tbeenne fly has wrought greater destruct on than ibe freeing of the slaves has caused loss. In St. Lucia, the free labouring population work readily at all but sugar. In Antigua, tbo triumph of civilisation is complete. The negroes were so far advanced in the know ledge necessary to secure good conduct, that they had attained the confidence of their mas- ters, who, instead of waiting the operation of the seven years of apprenticeship permitted by law,' took the bold and extraordinary step of direct and immediate emancipation. thirty thousand persons went to bed slaves, and rose up free, and the state of Antigua is, we are happy to say, after the expe. rience ol 13 or 14 monibs, u monument of the wis Idom and justice of that anparalleled measure. 01 he cfliet Leeward lslts, St. Christopher ia teuia:k nhlo for pn ¿anting the i-mnncipMioH system untijr ibe,hi'9t air ect mid Nevis for oxliibitiug.it nt the worst. Dominica is slowing recovering from the effects of the dreadful hurricane which in the au- tumn of 1831, wrought the most terrific ravages. In this bird's eye glance of the West Indies Colonies a» thav woio tu 1S3Ó, wujlind many «iihji-cts ot gis iulntion, Huaio of ahum, and onoiif the severest r*. probation. We refer to the disgraceful system practised under the flags of Spain and Portugal espe cia'ly, and also under those of Brazil and other powers, and which, perpetuates the worst evils of the slave trade., In the port of Havannah, vessels are lined up for the express purposes of slave con- veyance, and, if not with the avowed approbation of the authorities of Cuba, yet without reproval, and we fear with the accord of the Spanish inhabitants. The whole enormity of this nefarious traffic is not included even in the miseries it brings upon the wretched victims, nor in the outrage it works on the feelings of humanity ; it is a direct injury done to the best .interests óf those colonies in which slavery ¡has been abolished ; and if any offence can justify 'prompt and decisive punishment, this gross insult to tho declared will of the' English people, tin» shameful -brnnoli of tim most express mid »o'emn 'treaties, calls lor the severest vim aiton; and Great Britain, as the sovereign of the seas and the guar- dian of her colonies, is called on in make any sacri- fice which may be required to put an end to an atro city, alike injurious to her interests and revolting to humanity. RACCOON HUNTING.-Allj is now ina bustlo within and without : a servant lights a torch, and off we march to tho woods. " Don't mind the boya, my dour sir," says tho woodsman, '. follow mo close, for tho giotiud is covered with logs, and the grape vines hang every j whoro across, l'oljy, hold up your light, nun, or we'll never ace the gullies. Trail your gun, sir, as Genoral Clarko used tu say,-not so, but this way,-that is it; now then, no danger, you seo ; no fear of snaked, poor things! Tiley aré' i stiff enoughs-Til bo bound. The dogs havo treed uno. Toby, you old fool, why don't you turn to the ri^ht-not so much thero-go n-hoad and give ui a light. What's thal ? Who's there ? Ah, you young rascals ! you've played us a trick, havo you Î It's atwell enough, but now, just keep behind, or I'll"-and in fact, the boys, wi h eyes good enough to sre in the dark, although not qui to so well as an owl's, had out directly across tho dogs, which had surprised a racoon on the ground aud bayed it, until the lads knocked it on the head. " Seek him, boys,' erics tho hunter. Tho dogs, put ling their noses to the ground, pushed oif at a good rate. " Master, they're makin forthecreek,"saysoldToby. Ontowards it, therefore, we went. What woods, to bo sure I No gentlcmnu's park this, I assure you, reader. Wo aro now in low flat; the soil thinly covers tho hard clay: nothing butbuech treesheroabouts, unless now and tho II a maple. Hang the limbs ? say I-hang the supplejacks too -here I am, fast by the neck-cul it with your kutfo. My kuoe has had a tremendous rub against a log-now my foot is jammed botween two roots -and beroi stick. " Toby, como back, don't you know the stranger is not up to the woods, llullu, Toby, Toby 1" There 1 stood, perfectly shackled, the hunter laughing heartily, and tho lads glad of an opportunity of slipping off. Toby arrived, und held tho torch near the jround, on which the hunter, cuttingono of tho roots with his hatchet, set mo free. ".Aro you hurt, sir?"-no, not in tho least. Off wo start again. The boys had got up with the dogs, which were Jjayixig.a cacoon.iu *.«iuall-pU'JdJ'<, We sonn jojiied them with the light. " Now, stranger ! watch and see !" The r.tcoon was all hut swimming, and yet had hold of the bottom of the pool with his feet the glare of the lighted torch was,doubt! less, distressing to him; his coat «as ruffled,and his rounded tailsecmod thrice Us ordinary size, hu eyos shono liku emeralds ; with foaming jaws ho watched the dogs, ready to seize each by the snout if it came within roach. They kept him busy enough lor sevo ral minutes ; the water became thick with mud ; his coat now hung dripping, and his draggled tail lay floating on the surface His guttural growlings, in place of intimidating lus assailants, excited them the more ; and they very uncere- moniously closed Upon him, curs as they were, and without the breeding of gentle dogs. One seized him by the rump, and lugged, but was soon forcod to let go; another stuck to his sido, but soon taking a better directed bite of his muzzle than another dog had just done of his tail, soon made him yelp, and pitiful were the cries of luckless Tyke. The racoon would not let go ; but in tho meantime the other dogs seized him fast, and wor- ried him to death, yet to tho last ho held by his antagonist's suout. Knooked on the head by an axe, ho lay gasping his last breath, und the heaving of his chest was painful to seo. The hunters stood gazing at him in the pool, wluleall around was, by the flare of the torch, rondered tieblydark and dismal. It was a good scene for a skilful painter. Wo had now two coons, whose furs were worth two quarters of a dollar, and whose bodios, whttb I must not forget, asTobjrinfoimed nie, would produce two more." " What now?" 1 asked. " Whit now," quoth the father, "why go aftor more, to bo sure." So HO did, the dogs ahead, and I far behind. In a short time the curs treed another, and when we came up, we found th Jin seated on their haunches, looking upwards, and barking. The huntors now employed their axes, and sent tho chips about at such a rate, that one of them coming in contact with my chook, marked it so, that a week after several of my friends asked me where, in the name of wonder, 1 had got that black oye. At longlh the tree bogan to orack, I and slowly leaning to one sitie, iho beaty mass swung rustling through the air, and [fell to the earth with a crash. It w< not one coon that was surprised here, but three-aye, three of them, one ol' which, more crafty than the rest, leaped fairly from the matu top while tho tree was staggering. The other two stuck lo tho hollow of a branch, from which they wore soon driven by one of the dogs. Council has adjourned for the present, Íwe And, having no immediato business to1 despatch. The several Bills lately no t ticed as having undergone a thiid readitig, ¡hare, of course, passed, and will bo pub- lished after the expiration of the fourteen ' days required by the Act of Parliament, fhe >ydney building and Foreign Oil Duties Dills aro among thoso, wc believe, '(hat stand postjoned. A contemporary of yesterday, moro litan insinúales (hat tenders havo boen nltcml in ihn Audit Ollieo hore. Ils tho thing ii .«hameful, and should bo put a stop to immediately and for ever. II not, the " Herald" should bo made to oat his own words. \n either case, thoro should be due enquiry made. Is it so or is notV Wa do not believe ¡VJr. Lithgow would, for a moineni, think of countenancing such a practico. With rolorence to that part of tho re" port, in a hilo number of this journal, of the n-ljudioation in Ituborla'(the appron lice) case, at iho Police OtHce, Sydney, whoro Mr. Wiudeyer is stated to have said that he alluded to his * * advisor, leaving it to lie. implied us the ailvisorof Mr. Howe, solicitor, who appeared on behalf of the apprentice, wo aro requested to state thatit w.18 no1 at all Mr. tiowo who was mount, hut the othor persou whose ¡K1 vico the lad appeared to havo followed. Tho case of the King v. Nichols has been postponed to Friday next, at 10 o'olock, when the trial, which excites a oonsidoiablo'dcgroe of interest, will, it is said, positively bo called on. A breakfast waa given yesterday morn- ing to a number ol gentlemen at Potty's Hotel, which was got up in Potty's usu.il superior manner, and highly to the satis- faction of every gentleman present, Marriatt's code of signals, it is said, will be shortly substituted for those in uso at the South friend telegraph. It would be desirable to havo the sanie signals used al the different signal sintió.is. Workmen, we, perceive, aro at last employed in pullingdowr, thal dangerous ruin, the old Guard House, al the corner of George .street anti Charlotte Place. This was much roquind., A mounted policeman is reported lo have been shot dead one day last week, in the Bathurst distiicl, by a bushranger whom he attomplod lo capturo, Tho ruffian, it ia added, with his companion, madoJi his escape, und ' a) strong party is state 1 to be out in quest of him. The following vessels were loading in London for thone colonies, to follow the iVcw Grove:-for Sydney, Augusta Jessie, Douglass, William Glen Anderson, Cla- rinda, an I Lord Goderich ; for Hobart Towu anti Sydney, the Medora and Ade- laide ;"lor Hobart Town.nul Launceston, tho Albatross ; for Van Diemen's Land, tho End ira, Amelia Thompson,and Atwick. Tho Albatross emend outwards March 10 ; tim Clorinda March 17 ; and tho Adelaide, Guthrie master, cleared out- wards with cargo, on tho saino day. Sho may bo ho'urly oxpectcd at Hobart Town. The ship Lockie!, Miltons, from Van Diemen's Land, arrived at Dover, March | 12\. The Andromeda, Gales, entored inwards at the Custom!!, Londou, March 7. The barque Africaine, Duff,from Sydney, a d Singapoto, was at St. Helena, Janu- ary 23, hound to London.- Herald. Mr. Colemau's concert, fixed to take place to morrow evening, is expected lo .ilford ono of tho richest treats of tho season. Suitable preparations aro m ik- ing, wo aro glad to hear, for bringing out tho oratorio in St. Mary's Chapel un a grand seale. Wo understand that eight allotments, having 200 feet frontage to Fort-stre«t and Dawes' Battery, woro yesterday disposed o(~ by private contrnot,by Mr. .Samuel Lyons lo H. Moore, Esq.,jnn., for £1,200. On Friday oroning, some men drinking in the publie hous,e ot ¿\lr. Harker, oppu sito the King's Wharf, contrived to get bold of tho cabh box, Ironi which they extracted Ironi twelve lo fiftoeu pounds. Two are already in custody upon suspi- cion, aud another is in soafch of by tho police. ' Some thieves contrivod to enter the premises of Mr. Carnaby, in Gcorgo Streut ou Friday night, anti got clear nw.iy willi three or four lengths of cloth The polico as yet have obtained nu ciuc to the depredators. 