Mr. Gilbert Robertson, The Editor of the " People's Journal." __________________ To Mr. Andrew Bent, Printer and Pub- lisher of Bent's News. Sawdburge, Richmond Road, June 3, 1837. SIR,—Several of my friends have insisted that I shall not again degrade the columns of the Journal, which I have the honour to conduct, by noticing the vulgar scurrility and falsehood with which your columns teem against me. But, at the same time, I am' advised to appeal to the laws of the country, for protection against the consequences of the wicked endea- vours which are weekly made through your Newspaper, to injure my character and prospects in life. A motive which is openly acknowledged in your last Paper. It never has been my wish to shrink from the most open investigation of my con- duct and character, and motives in my private as well as in my public capacity, at every period of my life. And, in order to give you the fullest opportunity of doing so, and of justifying the several libels which you have published against me, I now give you notice, that in the next term of the Supreme Court, I will bring a civil action against you, to recover £1000 da- mages, for the libels you have published against me, particularly that of this day, wherein (according to the opinions of sev- veral gentlemen to whom I have submit- ted it) you : charge me with having de- frauded the Government of a fine, which you say was levied by me, under circum- stances of great cruelly upon a person named Harris. You also hold me up to the hatred and revenge of the convict po- pulation as a person who had been guilty of habitual tyranny and cruelty in the dis- charge of my public duties, thus pointing me out as a mark for their vengeance, and as far as you can, prompting them to assassi- nate me; and all this you confessedly do, for the purpose of preventing the Govern- ment from confiding in me, or GIVING ME EMPLOYMENT, which you assume I am endeavouring to obtain. If you can PROVE ME TO BE the cha- racter you represent me to be, you will merit the thanks of the community, for warning society against such a wretch. But if I can vindicate my character from your expressions, and prove that they are false, wicked, and malicious, I trust that twelve honest men will not prove a shield for such malice, as your slanders evince. Should you wish to avoid the consequences of an action, I leave it open for you to do so, by giving up to me the manuscript, and the names of the authors of the slan- ders you have published against me lately. And publishing the true account of the several cases which you have mis-repre- sented to my injury ; for which, purpose, I will furnish you with attested extracts from the Police records. And further, that you shall publish such an apology as shall be approved of by my Solicitor, Mr. Young, and my Counsel, Mr. Stephen. Should you prefer this alternative, it will be necessary that you inform me of your purpose before next Saturday, as expen- ses will be incurred on Monday, if you prefer letting the action go on.— I re- main, Sir, yours, &c.; Gilbert Robertson. ____________________ Mr. A. Bent, Printer, Elizabeth-street, Hobart Town, June 6,1837. SIR,—I have seen this morning the let- ter addressed to you by Mr. Gilbert Ro- bertson, and I earnestly entreat that you will be so good as to hand over to him, as a matter of favour to me on your part, the manuscript he so much craves for. You will also be pleased to communicate to him, that I am in possession of much other manuscript, which, if he wishes it, I will hand over to him, as a matter of favour to himself.—I am, Sir, &c.; J. JORGENSON. _______________________ To Mr. Gilbert Robertson, Printer and Publisher of the True Colonist. Hobart Town, June 6, 1837, SIR,— I herewith enclose you the ma- nuscript you require, not only because I am requested by Mr. Jorgenson so to do, but for other reasons I shall name in the next number of Bent's News.—I am, Sir, your obedient servant. A.Bent. _________________ To Mr. Andrew Bent, Printer, Eliza beth-street. SIR,—With reference to Mr. Gilbert Robertson's swaggering letter to you, about recovering One Thousand Pounds damages from you, for having blackened his character, I shall only observe, that I, in great haste, wrote to you the short note, requesting you to hand over to Mr. Robertson the manuscript required by him, under the firm conviction that, with all his boastings and apparent sensitive- ess, he neither can make it appear that he has received injury in any shape, nor that there is a single libellous word in the whole article. I beg to assure you, Sir, that I am incapable of any act of base treachery ; or, to use Mr. Gregson's own words to Mr. Gilbert Robertson, in The Colonist, that writing of libels, in order to have the Proprietors of a News- paper incarcerated, does little credit to the principles of a man who can get so act. Heaven forbid that I should be guilty of so base-minded an act. I would never so far descend as to be instrumental in inciting "an Editor" (I shall again quote Mr. Gregson's own words) "to use his own Press as an engine of offence to fight his own private battles, and thus, cased in armour, attack unarmed indivi- duals, is, I am quite certain, taking an advantage of his office—"vide The Colo nist, November 21, 1832. You, Sir, if I take the matter right, have fought the battle of the Public, and not your own, and in what manner you have so done will be best shewn by the facts, I shall here- after relate. Had I incited you to write libels in your News, to cause your in- carceration, I should have been guilty of a most serious offence, and only one crime could exceed it, and that is which Mr. Alfred Stephen procliamed in the face of his Maker and the whole world, that "in comparison with ingratitude, all other vices are virtues." I do not remember, that you ever, in your name, or from inclination, have at- tempted to injure Mr. Robertson ; and let us now see how the matter really stands, and the Public shall judge,—and by that judgment I will abide, whether it is the Public at large, or twelve of Mr. Robertson's' honest men, who shall de- cide. I also place some confidence in the decision of twelve honest men; and this is what gives me confidence. I do not believe for one moment that Mr. Gil- bert Robertson's evil genius will prompt him on to so foolish an act as to appeal to their decision. You, Sir, seem to fear that the greater the truth, the greater the libel, and you seem to think it must be so because Chief Justice Mansfield once said so. Your fears are groundless; it must be admitted that in some instances it is true, that "the greater the truth, the greater the libel;" but this does not bear upon Mr. Gilbert Robertson's pretensions. The argument only holds good where a person is libel- led without any just necessity—without any good to the public, or vindication of private individuals, and mereiy to gratify private malice and vindictiveness . Again you were wantonly attacked in an assas- sin-like manner, and it would have been difficult to have impressed on the public mind that you were entirely without blame, unless you could shew that the source whence the base attack was made, is the very source of pollution and reck- lessness. It was your indispensable duty so to show in mercy to the Public, for what man is safe if he can be so attacked? When I called upon you in the morning after the insiduous article had appeared, falsely said to have been written by a correspondent, did I not see those of your family who could reason, and were possessed of sensibility, in a state of agi- tation? Did I not see the tears bedew their cheeks. I care not whether the charge was true or false. If true, it na- turally must have tended to estrange the affections of those who leaned on you for support; for how could they place de pendence on one who had so cruelly treated his brother in a foreign land ? If false, their breasts must swell with re- sentment, and feel the sting of unme- rited and uncontradicted malignity and slander. Your case is of a character scarcely of less atrocity than when Mr. Gilbert Robertson, in the columns of his Journal, assailed certain individuals in a most wanton manner. Virgin innocence of- fered no shield against his venemous slander; he stung where he ought to have held his peace ; for the offence given, merely conveyed some childish tricks ; whereas the revenge taken was of the most deadly cast. A worthy man, who had long resided amongst us, and whose whole career has been that of honor and honest simplicity, was in one blow, level- led to the dust; he was driven from that home and asylum, which he had reared by his industry, to seek refuge in a Fo- reign land. But I shall not now men- tion his. name ; for these things are for- gotten except by those in whose breasts the dagger was planted, and the wounds of whom are incurable. It has been well observed by one of the most honorable, talented, and, highly- gifted men in the Colony, when speaking of the True Colonist, " that every honest man ought to be proud of incurring its resentment ; for its censure is praise; and its praise infamy." Read The Colo- nist since the proprietorship was dissolv- ed, and it will be found that its columns has abounded in scurrility, zanga-like, and insidious insinuations, and direct at- tacks on defenceless persons. Infamy has preceeded in footsteps, fantasies floating over its distempered brain; fan- tastic figures in horrid shapes hovering round its head, and falsehood, malice, and revenge following in its train. I for one will never be guilty of hypocrisy, and adopt on all occasions the old saying, "not men, but measures. " If a man commits a murder, who would say that he ought not to be brought to justice, but only strong animadversions made on his crime ? So it ought to be with moral assassination; the man ought to be marked as well as his offence. In such a case no quarters ought to he given, and, speaking figuratively, and, as Palafox said, " war to the knife." I make use of the word figuratively, other- wise, Mr. Robertson might make it be be- lieved, that I would attempt to assassinate him, in the same manner that he says I have induced the convict population to assassinate him. Let the Editor of the True Colonist divest himself of all fears, I shall not murder him, and I feel con- vinced that there are few of the convicts in this Colony but who would rather crack a bottle of wine with him, than slay him outright. I never intended to libel Mr. Robertson; I consider it impossible that one of his high-standing in society can be libelled. What could I gain by ma- lignant and unmerited slander? Only in- famy and disgrace ; for to use the words of an English eminent Divine:— " If the esteem of his fellow-creatures be of any value in his eyes, let him re- member, that he of all others stand the least chance of possessing it ; the inventor of slander, the propagator of calumny, the retailer of scandal and detraction, is the object of universal contempt and ab- horrence: to those who are immediately injured by him he is particularly odious, nor is there any other kind of robber, whom they would not more readily par- don, than the robber of their good name. ' " But it is not the injured person alone who pursues the calumniator with his hatred ; all men make common cause against him; the virtuous and noble can- not bear the thought of being deprived of a well-earned reputation, and of being subjected to the pestilential breath of obloquy;—they of course hold him in detestation, from whom, knowing how he behaves towards others, they have so much reason to expect injuries of the same kind to themselves; nay, even the vicious dislike and dread him, and though, from the base nature of all sorts of vice, they may take a pleasure in listening to his defamatory conversation, yet for his person they still entertain an aversion; though they may love the slander, they hate the slanderer. But with his charac- ter his views in life must suffer at the same time, since who will have dealings with, who will trust, assist, or promote the common enemy of mankind? His peace of mind too must be entirely gone, as he must live in perpetual apprehen- sion of being detected and brought to shame, and of suffering either in his per- son or in his property for his falsities and ill-nature." I for one would not incur the risk of becoming a general calumniator and de- tractor, even should Mr. Gilbert Robert- son himself be the mark. All I have to establish is, that the Editor of the True Colonist, the Guardian of the People's Rights, the enforcer of Prison Discipline, and the representative of the agricultural interest in this Colony, in his Christian charity, ought not to do to others what he would not have done to himself. I shall now turn to Mr. Robertson's swaggering letter to you, and I frankly confess, that I think it a little strange, that "the Editor of the People's Journal" should call upon you to deliver up the manuscript; for when Mr. Dudfield asked of him a similar accommodation, he was treated with disdain. Mr. Dudfield had, when in town, given instructions to his Solicitor to proceed against Mr. Robert- son, with all imaginable despatch, and without mercy ; but, fortunately for Mr. Dudfield's peace of mind, and fortunately for Mr. Robertson's pocket, the latter threw out a hint, which at once calmed Mr. Dudfield, and he immediately stayed proceedings ; he was cured of his infatu- ation. Mr.Robertson asked "what man with a decent coat on his back would risk his clothes in any rencontre at throwing dirt, whether in sport, or earnest, with a man who attacked under cover of a band of sweeps, arrayed with their soot bags.". Mr. Dudfield took the hint, and thus saved the money he would otherwise have squandered in law; for, gainer or loser, it would.have been the same, and in the bargain he saved the expense of a new suit of clothes, which he must have in- curred had he come in contact with soot bags. Mr. Robertson complains that he is charged with "having defrauded the Go- vernment of a fine." A question was merely asked, for I was not aware it was the duty of the Chief Constable to receive the Public money; but I believe it ought to be paid into the hands of the Police Magistrate or his Clerk; so the applica- tion made by Mr. Robertson can only stand good had he himself received the amount. Mr. Robertson can easily set the whole to rights, and if he can pro- duce the receipt of the Collector of ln- ternal Revenue for the moiety which did not go to the Informer, I will of course make a public apology, although I certainly did not allude to Mr. Ro- bertson particularly more than any other. The swaggering letter also endevours to make it a matter of libel, that I have charged him with habitual tyranny and cruelty towards the convict population, thereby prompting them to assassinate him. I have done no such a thing. It is Mr. Robertson who charges himself with what he wishes to insinuate I have done, and I shall quote his own words from the True Colonist of the 26th May last; he says: — "He" (speaking of himself) was not content with getting the others flogged ; but, in the discharge of his duty, for the protection of his neighbours, he had most of them hanged or transported ? and he sincerely regrets, that he had it not in his power for the good of society, to confer the same favour on the few that remained in the District." Now I ask how can I be implicated? I have only quoted what Mr. Robertson said of himself, although I could have wished, for the honor of humanity, that he had not made sport of misfortune, and called hanging and transporting men, fa- vors conferred on them. As to say he is in danger of being assassinated by con- victs, is downright nonsense; he might as well say that the free population would put him to death, for tying poor old Al- lender to a cart with a bullock chain, and dragging him through the bush. Neither the free nor bond population in this Co- lony is so bloody-minded as Mr. Robert- son represents. It is really strange to observe the difference there exissts in many instances with men in theory and practice. The True Colonist of May 19th, has a very philanthropic article, namely:—" An Example for Britain."— "Flogging in the Danish Army has been abolished by a Royal Order, dated the 17th ult. and imprisonment with bread and water substituted for it" . Consider- ing equal justice, I cannot see why the Danes should get off so cheap, and the poor English creatures in the Richmond District should have their backs well scratched. Upon reflection, I must con- fess that Mr. Gilbert Robertson is a strict enforcer of Prison Discipline, and here lies the difference. Mr. Robertson also wishes to make it appear, that I have written a libel, for the purpose of preventing the Govern- ment from confiding in him, or giving him employment. How, in the name of goodness could I know that he was desi- rous of some employment under the Local Government, until he himself, in the Journal he has the honor to conduct pro- posed himself to be nominated "Immi- gration Man in England," for the purpose of regulating the English Press, and thereby promoting our best interests ! Then I had a right to assume, that when Mr.Robertson spoke so much about Pri- son Discipline, he intended to convey to Sir. John Franklin, that His Excellency could do nothing better than appoint him " Principal Superintendent of Prison Discipline." Subsequently, he proposes to Sir John to establish an experimental farm ; and who could with so much abil- ity conduct such an establishment as Mr. Gilbert Robertson ? And no doubt it would be highly useful, if carried on, on the principles he adopted when Overseer of the Government farm at New Town, and his own at Richmond. Surely the success of these two establishments would induce all the farmers in the Island to en- listen themselves under the banners of Mr. Gilbert Robertson, the especial re- presentative of the agricultural interest, and the agriculture of the Colony. Then wheat would be sold at 3s. per bushel, and meat at 2d. per lb. Mr. Robertson is certainly a bold spi- rit. He says, "If you can prove me to be the character you represent me to be, you will merit the thanks of the community, for warning society against such a wretch." I certainly value the thanks of the community, and am anxious to re- ceive and merit them. Human-beings are strange creatures; scarcely two agree exactly in opinion ; for a gentleman said to me the other day, "Jorgenson, you have good service to the com- munity by flooring the fellow so effec- tually." Mr. Gilbert Robertson also states in his letter, "I leave it open for you to do so, by giving-up the manuscript, and the names of the authors of the slan- ders you have published against me late- ly." This is good tact indeed; in cal- ling for the names of the authors, he wishes to insinuate Sir John Franklin, and those who are not in the secret, that he is a victim of a conspiracy of many, on account of his loyalty on one hand, and his disinterested efforts in the cause of the people on the other. He then goes on commanding you im- mediately after to publish a "true ac- count of the several cases which you have misrepresented to my injury—for which purpose I will furnish you with attested extracts from the public records." Now, this appears to me most extraordinary; for why should I go about proving by mere assertion what he himself can do so much more effectively by producing "attested copies from the public re- cords?" Mr. Robertson also evinces good tact by lugging in the name of his counsel, Mr. Alfred Stephen, for the pur- pose of intimidation. He would have it believed, that Mr. Stephen had advised him in a matter of his swaggering let- ter; but I can assure the public, that the Attorney General has not given ad- vice, or held any consultation with him on the subject. This is one of those pious frauds which even religious men of olden times in- dulged themselves in. But will any one believe, that His Majesty's Attorney General of Van Diemen's Land has, in his private capacity of Counsel to Mr. Gilbert Robertson, advised with him upon matters, which the latter says are to be tried in the Supreme Court under Cri- minal Informations? Will His Majes- ty's Attorney General beforehand declare that to be a libel which a Jury might de- cide not to be one? ? This matter is curi- ously mixed up, and would His Majes- ty's Attorney General, under such cir- cumstances, frame the words of an apolo- gy to be signed by you, Sir. I hope that this Colony will ever be free of the cen- sorship of the Press; but this is not the first covert attack Mr. Robertson has made on the Liberty of the Press ! When he, in 1829, addressed through Mr. Las- celles, a letter to Colonel Arthur, pray- ing that he would set the Attorney Gene- ral to work, in order to put a stop to the licentiousness of the Press, which dared to say, that gunpowder was the most obnoxi- ous to Mr. Robertson's South American nostrils, the Lieutenant Governor wrote in reply to Mr. Lascelles, that His Ex- cellency wished him to communicate to Mr. Robertson, that he thought he had too much good sense to notice Newspaper reports in the slightest degree! Mr. Ro- bertson felt a little sore at this rebuke; and this was the commencement of that inexstinguishable hatred, which he after- wards evinced towards his benefac- tor. Had he then been able to shackle the Press, it would scarcely have been known to the community, that he tied poor old Allender to a cart, with a bul- Iock chain, and dragged him through the bush. ___________________ Since writing the above, I learn from you that Mr. Gilbert Robertson has again sent you another swaggering letter: Heed him not! How dare Britons, much less Mr. Gilbert Robertson, dictate 'to you what you are, or what you are not, to publish next Saturday. By his usual system of espionage, he has gathered that you intend to say something further about the wanton attack he has made on you ; and his conscience warning him, and fearing public exposure, he wishes to intimidate you, and impress on your mind, that he has it in his power to dip his hand in your pocket, and deprive your children of bread ; he threatens you, and cajoles you, at the same time ; he reminds you, that your ten year's opinion of Jor- genson ought to put you on your guard against him. Here again, zanga-like, he endeavours to sow dissentions, and sever the good-feeling which one enter- tains toward the other. I appeal to you, when every other Master Printer in Hobart Town refused to print his "Journal of the People," whether you did not af- ford him the loan of your Presses and Types without expense; and I also ask you whether you did not oft and ma- ny times pay even the journeymen's wages, so much so that he went off some seventy pounds in your debt!!! Now, he stings you and yours to the quick. These are the thanks you have received. Before he talks of entering actions against, you, let him pay you what he owes you. I ask you again, what were your motives for assisting him? The consideration and feeling for your large family taught you to have some feeling for others. Let Mr. Gilbert Robertson go and do likewise. He now wishes for a set-off against your just debt, and to patch up his deficencies at the expense of yourself and family. His Excellency, Sir John Franklin, arrived amongst us with the Olive-branch in the right hand, with goodness in his heart; and the sword of justice in the left hand; he beseeched us to bury all past differences in oblivion, and he conde- scended to ask us to be tranquil; but what harvest has he reaped? Disappoint- ment and vexation. Our souls want rest; our interest is to leave the Govern- ment at leisure to consult the best in- terests of the Colony; instead of which almost the whole time is taken up with settling the disputes between indivi- duals, and deciding that which is a dis- grace to us to bring forward. After all, Mr. Robertson has placed himself in a very awkward predicament. With respect to me, he must put up with every affront; he says he cannot degrade himself so far as to condescend to risk HIS respectability in a reccontre with me ! After having so said, I trust he will keep his temper, and not send me a challenge, for I am of timid character; should we meet in the field, I would certainly take refuge behind his soot bags, and his bul- lets would then spend themselves in empt- tiness and vanity. And now a word or two with this said Mr.Gilbert Robertson. If I was like him, I would pray to hea- ven to shorten my days; his hand is lift- ed against every man, and every man's hand, is raised against him. I never be- trayed a friend., nor deceived an enemy. Should he dare once more to utter one single word in libellious slander, I shall instantly tear the veil from the private sanctuary; I shall enter the sanctum sanctorum, and commence with the parish business in Glasgow; follow him on board the ship which unluckily wafted him to our shores; his proceedings at the Government farm, (I am not alluding to Prison Discipline, he knows what I mean); and all the whole of his subse- quent career, up till this very day. Let him move one foot forward, and he is un- done. No, let me stay, let me not be uncharitable —let me act up to the Chris- tian Doctrine I have been taught. A- mendment never comes too late: it has been well and wisely said that he who enters the vineyard at the eleventh hour, shall receive as much as he that enters it at sun-rise. Mr. Gilbert Robertson, des- titute as he is of friends, still may provide for his family, if pursuing a course of honor and rectitude ; his knowledge of the ways of this Colony will enable him, in moderation, to render himself some- what above mediocrity; and as I bear no personal malice against him, I would cheerfully assist him, to keep in the right path; but only on this understanding, that he will never again turn round and sting a friend, or fawn on an enemy.— I remain, yours, & c., Jorgen Jorgenson. P.S. —I have re-perused Mr. Robert- son's second letter to you, and I feel con- vinced that you could not have the slight- est idea, or hopes of destroying HIS res- pectability; but that, for the benefit and peace of society, you have strenuously exerted yourself, in order to render his shafts harmless. You will also observe, that Mr. Robertson and l agree on seve- ral points :—he says, the same principle of justice which demands the life of an assassin, calls also for the punishment of the malicious slanderer. You will bear in mind, that I have nearly used similar expressions above. As Mr. Robertson has been sparing of italics and capitals in his second letter. I would suggest to you the propriety of supplying them. _______________________ The following is a copy of the letter, which Mr. Gilbert Robertson has done us the favour to send to us. We call it a favour, because Mr. Robertson has said that he would enter an action against us ; therefore nothing could so effectually serve us. The Public in all such cases are the best Judges, and why should we make the slightest comment ? However, it is out duty to apologise to our readers for inserting so lengthy an article, as the foregoing on Mr. Gilbert Robertson's soot bags, and his high pretensions to great respectability : True Colonist Office, June 7, 1837. Sir,—I have to acknowledge the re- ceipt of your letter of the 6th instant, with the enclosed manuscript. But, as you have not complied with the terms, which I have propsed to you, nor expressed your intention of doing so, I return you the manuscript, which I cannot (even were I so inclined) make use of against the au- thor ; as I must now proceed with my ac- tion against yourself as Printer and Pub- lisher of the LIBELS upon my CHA- RACTER. I doing so, I disclaim every vindictive or personal feeling, acting only from a sense of duty which I owe to my fa- mily and SOCIETY. It is my wish, that you should have the fullest opportu- nity of proving the charges which you have made against me, with the avowed purpose of destroying my respectability and prospects in life! I am this day informed, that it is your intention, this week, to follow up the series of LIBELS which you have already published against me; and for the SAKE OF YOUR FAMILY, I think it proper to give you notice, that, in case of ANY MORE LIBELLOUS matter appearing in your Journal against me, I shall, for EACH OFFENCE, indict you criminally !!!— considering, as I do, that ONE CIVIL ACTION will be QUITE SUFFICI ENT to VINDICATE my charac- ter; and that man who would avow such motives as you have avowed for the publication of those LIBELS, makes himself a fit subject for EXEMPLARY PUNISHMENT, as a deliberate offen- der, not only against individual Rights, but against the public peace ! Do not me, nor suppose that I thus express myself with a view to TERRIFY YOU by idle threats! I revere the LIBERTY of the Press; and I respect the right of every man to expose with due regard to Truth, every act of every man, where the interest of society call for such exposure; and I am the last man to shrink from it in my own case; but where the avowed malice is the motive, and the destruction of any member of society is the avowed object, the same principle of justice, which de- mands the life of an assasin, call al- so for the punishment of the malicious slanderer. I write to you thus, that you may be fully WARNED of MY INTENTION, so that on my fulfilment of it, you may be left without excuse, or any grounds for complaining of whatever punishment the Law may award you; or any excuse for the confounding the punish- ment of malignant slander with an attempt to attack the legitimate Liberty of the Press. I address this warning to you, from the sincere purpose of preserving you from the necessary consequences of the course which you have been pursu- ing; and which I understand it is your intention to follow towards me individual- ly. Should YOU disregard this warning, you cannot blame me, what- ever may be the consequence ! I will further add, that had the author of the LIBELS been a man of character or standing in society, that I could with- out degradation to myself proceed against him ; or had he been a man whose influ- ence could possibly have misled you into such a course as you have pursued, I should have been sorry, indeed, to have proceeded against the Printer and Pub- lisher, and allowed the author to escape ! But Jorgenson's standing in society, and your own often expressed opinion of his character, is sufficient evidence, that, in this matter, he is but your instrument — not you is DUPE. Natural justice, therefore, dictates that the punishment should fall upon you.—I remain, &c.;&c.; GILBERT ROBERTSON. To Mr. Andrew Bent, Elizabeth street. ____________________________ 