Le?a? SUtaonesry Ofice. I1T.i Geaalemen of the Legal Profeslon are ._. respectfully informed by the Undersigned, sbat I.e intends on the first January nest to open an Office at No. 8, Josephson's Terrace, Elizabeth Street. North, close by Wentworth-plaee. He trusts that his experience, aided by strict attention -to bu~siness. fidelity, confidence, and despatch, 'will be his strongest recommendation to the Legal 'Profession, -whose Tfavors he".earnestly solicits. IOSEPH PETTINGELL. r Sydney, -December 18, 1S38. : CIRCULA R ] ADDRESSMD tho tihe free Public of New South Wales. VE,THE UNDERSIGNED, free Cdottiiat, conceiving that a PETITION should 'fortliwith be addressed and transmitted to the ;Hoose of 'Commons, praying, that provisien may be made for. securing the faitllfl and eadlusive "-application -of the Territorial Revenue of this ., Colonl, 'to the -promotion of IMMIGRATION,~ " Sto now suggest, that a Public Meeting be convened: to take the subject into consideration, and we ,do hereby engage each of us to pay the sum of One 'Pound 'to the Cashier of the Bank of New South WVales, to create a fund for defraying the expenses 'attending the.proposed measure. .(-TheffosNoing ;two Advertisements were feeeived .from Mr. F?awkner, a fortnight ago, and un.-' -happily got 'mis#laid, for-w7iicA' we ha've to ex-, + .press our. regret and apology -to Mr. F.-ED. s.p. Motu. NOTICE. .ERSONS VOYAG~ING to PORTPHI'LLP' p are respectfully informed, that FPhwknr's "Hotel, Melbourne, offers them every comfort to be 'foundkin a Family Hotel in England. [It'contains -spacious parlours of great height-; 'a choice and welil-assorted Library, with ll the 'British hews-' papers, Magazines, and Reviews of-late date, and, -constantly arriving. This house contains twenty -beds, and commands an unrivalled-view of the Bay,' the Harbour, the Shipping, and also of Williams. Town. Terms-The charges are on the -same scale as 'the Hotels oflaunceston. 'Cblins street, Melbourne, Corner of the Market-place. .NOTICE. 7=IHE " MELBOURNE ADVERTISER," .L ceased to be published in consequence of a Notice from the Colonial Secretary of New South 'Wales, 'stating that by 'the Act of 1828, certain , Forms were to be gone through with in Sydney. An -application was immediately made to the -Governor.in-Chief to. dllow these forms to be 3 ntered' into, in Mdlbourne; an Act, to that effect is now before the Council, upon that Act coming into operation, the Melbourne Advertiser will awake from its transient slumber, and again enter the Poli *tioal Arena, and like a giant refredhed,'proceed to accomplish the IHerculian task of WATCHING .: 'OVER. AND STRICTLY GUARDING, THE .l MIGHTS or THE PEOPLE or PORT PHILLIP. 'The Port Phillip Gazette eschews Politics in 'these remarkable winds; " Politics, elsewhere the .great theme of contention, particularly wherever a PRESS has room to execute its influence, will in < 'this instance be held in abeyance." 'The IMelbouwte Advertieer dissents from this -opinion, and announces to the public, that all ,communications relating to the wdlfare of this place, 'and people, will be thankfully -received, and, if "worthy, inserted, but in at cases 'involving public ioffendersthe name of the writer must be entrusted. 'to the Editor. The Politics of the MJelbourne Aidvertiser, are thus developed to the Public, withnut waiting to catch the favourable gale that t 'may eventually arise to make its principles square. t 'with the profitable SIDE. The thanks -of the Editor 'of the 1,lbourse .Aidsertiser are due, and frankly rendered unto the following 'Sydney Journals for their 'kindness in forwarding their weekly papers to 'him, although ;his paper was in abeyance. The Monitor, the 4eolonist, and the °Herdld.-J. P. 'F. TERMS :BSubscription-.Tea Suillingsper Quarter, if paid at; the quarter day; Twelve Shillings and Sixpence 'if any longer credit is given. Eight Shillings lper Quarter if 'paid in'advance,'and single num bers One Shilling each. :Advertisemcnts-Thefirst six-lines, Three Shillings and Sixpence, every additional line Three-penee for. each'insertion. Sydney-Agent for the Mdlbourne Advertiser. Ma. Taoseas BENNN?ND, Sfationcr, George -steeet. 'Hobart Town-Mr. JoneP FAwwaNE, Macquarie-st. iLaunceston-Mr. ?EN$Y DOWLINo, 'Brisbane-st. JOHN PASCOE FAWKNEL C?ollins-street, 'Melbourne. ~N THE P?.ESS,-AND SHORTLY WILL ftE :PUBLISHED AN INDEX Oo THE NEW SOUTH W'ACLES Government Gazette. TI HERE are, 4t.is bdlieved, few persons .con Snected with the-Government, 'the Legdl Pro 'fession, ,the Merchants, or the Community in geineral, who have not frequently to make reference ito The ewm Sosth Wrdle Goernment 'Ga?zetlte and the compiler of the Index believes, that the tpossessiondFf it would be.-sefulto all, and, besides•' 'facilitatingthe 'transaction of business, ave smuoh , -valuable time. The 'Indes wil diford the -means of easy redfe serine to'the rules and regulations of the Govern .manent, Acts of-Council, Sales of Land, eawn Allot .eae·ts. Preparation and Issue of Deeds of Grant, &ci;, Statements of 'Revenue, Imports and Exports, Bank Assets ad Liabilities, Advertisements for Tenders for Public Works, Provision and Forage Contracts, alt Appointments to Offices, Descrip *tions of Land to be sold, Cases before the Com -emissioners for determining Claims to Deeds 'of tGrants of Land, Deeds awarded and prepared, Lands puichased, Sales by the Sheriff, Partnerships dissoolved, Sec., &c.;, with'the 'names of the Parties ' ilphabetically arranged. The Public Offices will be supplied with this Worok by the Government ; but as only a limited number of Copies will be painted (beyond those so supplied), it is requested that Magistrates and Gentlemen (particularly those in the country) will 'have the goodness to cause their names to be entered in a list kept by the following Booksellers -niiamely, Mr. Evans, of Bridge-street. Mr. Mdaeqt, of Pitt-street, snd Mr. Tegg, f George- street, Sydney, on or before'the 31at De -cember next. The price will tbe Ten Shitlings for -eaeh yesar's Index, namely, from 1832 to 1837, both inclusive, LEVtEEN'S LIQUID, Fbr faetroying Flie,. Bwgs, Mosquitos, A?ns, Co,,. 'oaieae, anid other Insect,. TlHE above invaluable Article may now he pur . chased at the following places, In Tian Botles, "at Is Ed and 3s each: L..Samuel, George.street F. 'Mitchell, George-street SJ. M. Illidge, George-street John Neils-n, George sreet 3,bbn Stuart, George-street James Tegg, George-street ' - J. Ginger, Market .3T. Maclehose. Hunter street A :. Divoe, Hunter-street. CI. Mellhngton, Phiiip-.street Agent at Maitland-iA. evrien, Post Ofice. : .: Qberve Each bottle is labelled 'with directions, and signed, B. GO LEVIE~R·, To Agriculturists and Private Gentlemen. 3\. T. WILSO11 A NNOUNCES that he 'has been honoured with ' instructions to offer by private bargain, the -undermentioned valuable sections of Land?situated in the district of Lake Macquarie, -containing by admeasurement 2,560 ACRES, -anr distant only fifteen miles from the flourishing towns of Maitland and Newcastle. Upon it is erected a Dwelling-hoase -with requisites for such an-establishment. One paddock of 50 acres is cleared, and fenced, and has been under-cultivation-; also, a paddock of 300 acres, fenced, -bounded on two sides by a fresh water -creek, in which there is abundance of water inthe driest -seasons. T?his was one of the first grants selected in the neighbourhood, and is adapted for either an agricultural or dairy farm, there being about 800 acres, fit for cultivation, and one of the most extensive Cattle Runs at the 'badk, in the whole Colony. T'he Terms are 'highly liberal, which will be -made known on application at the -offices, 74 George-street. SALES BY AUCTION. To Linen Drapers,- Hosiers, Haber dashers, and Others. L. T. WILSON Annouuines -that he has been itistucted by a Gen tleman recently arrived; to offer for Saleby Public Auction, THIS DAY, Friday, the 28th, at 11 o'clock precisely, and without the least reserve, the Proprietor intending to follow other pursuits, A MOST SPLENDID ASSORTMENT of GOODS, selected with great care, by one i:f the best judges in London, consisting of Rich Chintz. Peints, new style Ditto ditto Dresses Ditto bold.styled Chintzes White and coloured fancy eans? Ditto ditto Satteen LDitto Ditto ditto Stay Ditto Superior Linen Drills " Fancy Trowserings Kerseymeres Cashmeres Broad Cloths I Superior ~rodk Coats, fashionable out Elphinstone Dress Coats, ditto Rich Riding Habits, Silk Skirtings, and 'most fashionably trimmed Summer Suits Ditto Boys' Ditto 'Gentlemen's fine Shirts, grass cloth fronts, linen collars and wrists Linen Diapers Hucekabadks Ditto Nursery Diapers Ditto Table Ditto Ladies' andGentlemen's Hosiery 'White cotton, worsted and Angola 'ose Brown, white and coloured 'Half hose A most costly and select stoeek of Silk Hosiery A well laid -in stock of Haberdashery, comprising every article in 'the :tsade Bonnets -Hats Caps Plain and flgnred Gros de Naples Satins and Satin Turks Rich Coronation Shawls Gauze, sarsnet and eatin Ribbons With a variety of other property too" numerous to particularise. . 'To Capitalists and s3peculators. .3, " '. WILSON I ANNO'UNCES-to the 'CAPITAIiISTS of AUS TRALIA, that heheas been instructed to offer them by .RrIVATE .CON)RACT, the-udermen tioped ¶VALUTABLE LIVE STOCK, LANDS, AND PROPERTIES, "WHICH - T'F NOT IMMEDIATELY SOLD WETL L E OPIERED TO PURLeIC COMPETIPION, On-an-early Day, of which due Notice will be given.. 'XTE I'IRST CONSISTS OF s. n. Tp. 'LOTS-43 75 1 20 and --85 9 2 6 Of the Celebrated Five Dock Farm. sECONJD, - Of TWO ALLOTMENTS --of 'LAND situated in K'ent-street, -with a frontage of "thirty- four feet eight inches thereto, and fifty feet deep. THIRD. THREE ALLOTM ENTS of LAND at Wollon- - gong, situated in the -finest part of the Country,' beingiLots 5, "6, and :7, of a foremer -Plan. FOURTH. FOUR ALLOTMENTS at Appin,with an as tensive frontage to Church-street, being Lots .16, -16, 17, and 18, of Section (2). FIFTH. THIRTY ACRES of LAND, in Pear' Baiy, adjoining the Land 'now advertised as North Shore Property, and within :two -miles of the researve for 'the Town-of '* St. Leonards."' SSIXTH. Twothebr Lots of the iIVE DOOK FARtM, measuring six and a half Acres, and having large -frontages to the ,Parramitta Road and Bql. SEVENTH. One VILLAIGE ALLOTMEN? it #Iasweli Broek, with a frontage to the Church, and abutting eon a marked-out Street. \- EIGlITK. SIXTY.TWO ACRES OF LAND in the County of Codk, on the New Line of Bathmrat Road, near the Pilgrim inn. - -NINTH. OrE OW TRY BEST D'AIRY FARMS At Brisbane 'Water, measuring One Hundred and Sity Acres, o' thereabouts, immediately on the Ngl?igatton; with a convenient House and ether Outbuildings erected thereon. TENTH. 500 Superior Bred Ewes, Ages.from If to 3 Years, Warranted never to have been diseased. ELEVENTH. 119 lHead Superior Durham Bred CROSSED CATTLE, Consisting of BULLOCKS, COWS, BIFPERS, S E TWELFTH. A PFirst-rate Country Iha, 1'_ow in fUll ibusiness, and returning a very hand Ssome income. the Proprietor leaving. from his pockets evelowing. - With a RETAIL STORE also attached, capable of returning Ten Thousand Peundas per annm, at a profit of One Hundred THIRTEENTH. 24f ACRES of LAND on the BathurstRoad, near the PilgriVs, distant about Torty miles frodm Sydney. FOURTEENI'tH. 500 Head of Horned Cattle, \- Depasturing at Menaroo, Coensisting of-100 MILCHI COWS, - \- L - ?O0 STEERS, 4 One to Two " 3"00" HEIFERS. 1 Years Old - '.200 OXEN, HEIPERS,&c.; - AND · i: s: ie Frat Cattle. ' -: qrtlr particulare may_ be ascertaioed at thi Oices 74 George-street, where also may be eead the deeds.of the greater part of the Propiiies with plans of the same. Notr. 19ti 1838. SPLENDID LANDED PROPERTIES. \---0-~ To the Aristocracy of A-tstralia, Speculators iil Land, Lovers of Interest, Admirers of Scenery, and Fathers of Families. J. T. W ILSO N, Anwourices, that he has been instructed by the Proprietor to dispose of BY PUBLIC AUCTION, On TUESDAY, the 'Sth day of Sanuary, 1839,at his extensive Rooms, No.74 George-stireet, at half-past Eleven f-r Twelve o'Cock, ' T HE UNDERMIEN'IiONED VAL'UAULE LANDED PROPERTIES, THE FIRST PARCEL OF WHICH IS SITUATEID AT AND e . LATD OUT (N sax VALUABLE ALLOTMENTS ? d PLAN NO. 1, As OLnoWS ;- LOT I. Contains 2 acres, 0 roods, 10 .perches; has a4rontage of 160 feet to. the Cook's River Road, and bounded on one side by the splendid Property of the HoN. R. CAMPunEL, M. C. LOT II. .Contains 2 acres '1 rood, 29 perches.; is bounded also on one side by the splendid Property of the 1?ON. R. CAMPBELL, M.C., and a frontage of 160'feet to the Government Road, which is now -beginning to be completed. - - LOT. III. Contains 2 acres, 1 rood. 29 perches, and has a frontage of 360 feet to the Gdvernment Road men. tioned in last Lot, and bounded on either sides by .Lots 2 and 6. LOT IV. Contains 2 acres, 0 roods, 12 perches; and has a fontage of 16 feet to the Cook's River Road. and is bounded on either side by Lots I and 'T. LOT V. Contains 2 acres, 0 'rooads, 14 perches: has afrontage of 160 f:eet'to the Cook's River Read, and is bounded on either side by the Property of Mas. H. MACE and 'Lot 4. LOT VI. 'Contains2 acres, O.oods, 14 perches i has ai'rontage tf 160 feet to 'the Government Road mentioned In Lot 2, and on 'either side-by the Property of MR. H. MACE and Lot;3. The above-described property on Plan No. 1, it is almost needless to say, .is situated in the MOST WEALTHY DISTRICT Cof New South Wales;. itis bounded on ?ll sides by the Lands of Gentlemen whose spirit and enterprise are proverbial through the Colony, and'the rapid improvements they are making is a sutficient gursatee that the Allotments now offered will double in value by the expirationef-thie year t239. To old residents "tis not necessary to point out that New Town has long been selected by the ELITE of SYBNEY as thespot where -they may abide in peace, and seek repose apart from the din of this busy-city, where they might steal to the quiet cot, and renew their wearied frames-where theymnight that Nature ever gave-whets they might ensure the health of themselves, their consorts, and their 'children. It is indeed an established fact, that while the whole of this Capital hasbeen suffening under one of 'the most fatal diseases that ever attacked a Metropolis that the residents here have enjoyedthe 'blessings of health in OwE -CIN-TINUED STREAM. The Scenery from- these Allotments is beyond description, magnificent-and the Auctioneer feels, that although he has viewed the unbounded LJ.andscape from the spot, thattis not in his power to do :justice with his pen, still there are some beauties which nevertheless 'tis his duty to endeavour to pourtray-first then, it must be borne in mind, tat'this Land having the highest elesation-of the Neigh -bourhood, cobmmands-an immense extent of LANDSCAPE SCENERY; in the tront is seen winding its sinuous course in •-Gentle Ripples, tfe Calm Waters of .Cook's River while further in the distance is the wide expanse of BOTANY BAY, as the eye roves farther from its home, the bold -EADLANDS are seen lowering aloft, and looking down in frowning Majesty on the while ever and anon the attention is artested by the passing of the little Vessels from this Wealthy Mart to the districts of Illawarra and Bateman's Bay. On the one side is the beautiful Villa and Pleasure Grounds of A. B. S.rAaS,. Esa., in unbounded view of Hill and Dale, forming one of the finest Landscapes nature ever painted; on the other S The Clkurck, the- Gardens, the' Cots, of the Residents laid out with'splendid taste, give life and variety to the scenery whist in the rear the 'Estates of Peter sham and Annandale, with an unlimited extent of country, may be looked upon with never ending joy. To Gentlemen-desirous of establishing'themselves in respectable society, an opportunity is now ,offered to them. To Guardians requiring to invest the capital entrusted to their care, 'tie a most deai .rable.ohanoe, and to speculators in Land nothing requires to be said. Plan No. 2, consistsof 6 Allotments, beautifully situated on the North Shore OF THE LOT I. Contains I acre I rood and 0 perches; is bounded on one side by the valuable property of T. BAR?En , 'Esa..; on another side by the Government 'Road, and has a frontage thereto of EGO60 feet, and a very ,extensive frontage to Port Jackson, looking into " Cureening Bay." LOT II. Contains I acre -0 roods 20 perches ; has a frontage of 490 feet to the aforesaid Government Road, lead ing to the Township of St. Leonards, and on the other sides by Neutral Harbour and Lot No. 3. LOT III. Cogtains 1 acre ' rood 20 perches'; is bounded on one side by the property of Ma. Bnown, and'on the other sides by Neutral Harbour, the reserved road,'and Lot 2, LOT IV. Is bounded on three sides as last tot, and onthe fourth, by Lot 5, and contains 1 acre 4 rood and 20 perches. LOr V. SContains - acrel rood 10 perchesa has a frontage'to each end to Neutral Harbour, and the Govern mnent Road, and on' eithler sides by Lot 4 and '6. LOT VI. Cotasins I acre I rood 0 perches; is bounded on three sides by the Government Road, the property-of U. WerIa,?, Esa., and Neatral Harbour, and on the fourth side, by Lot 5. Plan No. 3, contains 6 Alotraents deligtdfully stluated onthe -margin.of and is bounded-on front by Little Sirius Cove, on the right by the property of JSAeRs Hotr, Eso., in the rear by that of Angaos. HALLEN, ESQ., ahd to the left by that 'of MEssas. MILLARD and S A. R. P. IOT 1 cnotaina 1 0 30 2 " ! 023 *·(· - .- " i 016 4- " I . 1 25 5 " 1 0 30 6 " 1 036 In endeavouring to offer a few remarks upon this land J. T. would preface by saying, that he has never been entrusted with a Sale of Property so iell deserving the attention of Capitalists, Merhebants and others connected with shipping interests, as to the one now brought under their notice; it is, as will be seen by the Plans, formed chiefly of the head lands jutting forth into the very centre of PORT JACKSON HARBOUR. The Allotments of Plan No. 3 have deep water, say 10 fathoms alongside, and were originally pur chased.for Private Wharfs. -Por?the Establishment of Ship Builders' yards, Whaling. Coopering, or other Premises, these Allot- I ments offer an opportunity at a trieing expense, which never can occar again, as all the Land in the Vicinity of Sydney Cove, having water frontage, is disposed of. This spat is also peculiarly adapted for the erection of Marine Villas, and as the Town of St. Leonard's is fast progressing, its value must daily increase; the road thereto parses through the heart Sof the Land, and islinfect, the onlypassable rosdto it; the ground is of Erst?rate qulisy, and the Allot. meats are arranged of sanielent extent for gardens. pleasure grounds, &e;, The purity of the air is not ' srpassed in the world, and the scenery has-been justly said to rival in beauty the much admired . HARBOUR OF RIO DE JANEIRO. -sOn the north is overlooked a richly wooded country, studded thickly' with the residences of the private gentlemen of S~ydney; on the east, the Bays, Inlets, and Islands of Port Jackson, in all their endless variety, on.the south"the Town of Sydney, with its costly and majestic Buildings, and the bason of the Cove laten with the wealth of vartous nations; 'whilst to the west, the Parramatta River, with her het'of 'tirading Craft, and an extent of form a Eout ermrie-ble-much easier imagined than described. Purchasers of Land, for interest's sake alone, should examine well the merits of this Propert., It Is a certain investment-ensuring a return by increase in value of : . FIFFY PER CENT. PER ANNUM. t tis adapted to ptrposes without end, and to avoid, therefore, too lengthy and tedious an advertise i dat, th Anuctioneer respectfully solicite the Publice generally to view the Land, prior to'the day of sale. S TERMS HIGHLY LIBERAL.-CONDITIONS OF SALE. Plans at the Offce .No 74 George-street. . . FOR THE YEAR 1839. THOMAS BRENNAND, Bookseller, Bookbinder, Stationer, AND ACCOUNT BOOK MANUFACTCRER, &c.;, - Near the Royal Hotel, George.-treet, BEGS to intimate to his Friends and the Public, who may wish to open new sets of Books at the beginning of the year, that he has now ready for sale, a large and general assortment of Stationery and Account Books of every description, suitable for the Banks, In. urance Oflfices. Merchants, Shopkeepers &c.;, which be is enabled to offer at much lower prices than has generally been paid in this Colony, in con sequence of their being entirely of his own manu facture. J. B. continues to work his Patent Ruling Machine, by which he is enabled to Rule Account Books, Paper for Accounts, Music &c.; to any given pattern, with neatness and despatch; therefore any orders he may be favored with, will meet with due punctuality. N. B,--A great variety of useful and entertain ing BOOKS, suitable for Children and Christmas Presents, at very low prices. PARRAMATTA ACADEMY. THE Christmas Recess at this Establishment will commence on the 21st December, and terminate on the 21st January, 1839. Mr. BRADLEY'S system embraces the requi. site and polite branches of an English education; young gentlemen being prepared for mechanical, agricultural, commercial, naval, or scientific pur suits, in a comparatively short period, without imposing on them the arduous study of the Classics. The premises being extensive, and capable of enlargement, a few additional Boarders may be accommodated after the Vacation, on the following TERMS. Under ' yearsef age.. £25 per annum. From S to fO ....... 28 ,, From 10 to 12........ 30 ,, From 12 to 15......... 35 , Above 15............. 43 ,, These charges include Washing, Board, and Education only; Stationery, &c.;, and also Drawing, Music, and Dancing, ,(if required), will be extra. Clothing and every thing requisite provided to order, on reasonable terms. Boarders admitted for no shorter a period than one yearcertain, and Day Pupils for one quarter, excepting a specific agree. gent to the contrary. George-street, Parramatta, 13th Dec., 1838. BUCKINGHAM A GAIN! ! !! GRAND CARNIVAL. Il-HEclose of the current year of the auspicious Governmentt of Sir GeorgeGipps, Knight, tbeing near its close, itis the intention of George Bucking hams to celebrate the event by A Grand Carnival, which he is getting up at very considerable expense. The loyal subjects of oar Virgin Queen will have an opportunity of attending in honour of Her Majes. ty's Representative, and as a large number of cards have already been issued, early application is neces Programme of the entertainments, for which numerous candidates are already entered, and sport of the first description may he anticipated;- Jumping in Sacks(fredh front the mill) ('linbing Greasy Poles Gunining through Horses Collars Catching Pigs with Greasy Tails Snap Dragon (an ancient and diverting pastime) Bob Cherry, with treacle rolls Hunt the Slipper-Blind Milt's Buf' -A ferret huilt; gallopin?g a maggot ;: to w'nd up with a donkey race backwards, sweep riders, in jockey costume; three entrances or no race. A Camera obscura, which can't be done without, will be upon the ground for the amusement of the assembled multi. tude, who will see what they will see. (No mis take.) In the evening an ox and fourteen sheep will be roasted whole, and thirty-one barrels of XXX will be tapped on the green, so that visitors may refresh. A splendid display offire.works by Madame Hengler, from Vaurhall Gardens, will be displayed, set off by the silver moon and real stars (the glorious canopy of Heaven). Fire balloons, and fire eaters, will be amongst tile novelties of the evening. Extensive marquees will be erected for the patrons of the light fantastic toe. The quadrilles will be performed by military bands, impoited fur the occasion. Seven marquees will be set aside for the display of Mr Henry Delson's collection of men and birds; the former to arrange the heads of the audience, and the latter to exhibit his splendid collection of the feathered tribe. Tile birds may be seen at Mr Delion's hairdresser, George street, any day prior to lie Carnival. George Buckingham takes the present opportunity of returning his unfeigned thaiks to tile Public for the patronage hie has received at their hands since he became a Bony.-face of the Odd Fellows' Tavern, and trusts that his choice Stock at present on hand. will give universal tatisfaction, among which are the following Choice Samples of the Juice of the Crape : IHOCK ; the well-known tipple of Julius Caesar SAcK; What Falstaff thought the thing ToxaTr; in which Mamroni whetted his whistle SAUTER?rI; tlhat which Arthur and his Knights used to.patronise BicceL?.a; with iwlhich Bombastes drenched his war like paunch MaOZLLsE; drank by stone but Zn, Z . Zi, Zo, Zu lRenlscnzLL ; only adaptedl for big drummers BARLSAc; drank by tile female slaves of Persia ZecHcsosairtPNIxcRAoznUv. Don't you wish yo may get it? BuROUNDY i; the Pickwickian sitomaclh warmer ('IaSPAnoNE; formerly drank by Pope Joan.: aobaTrsnas; irwvbich the Wood Denmons delight Ts-ausar ooi.ow -I quite forgot ; 'twas rude Step in and taste, you never can intrude- . Brandys, Rumt, Gins (not black) Porter, Ale, Beer, you'll find no lack; And others could be named of equal fame, But come to, Buckimgham's, and try the same:. N.B.-Wanted three blys to feed cockatoos. There is no objection to their being articled to the profession, providimg Mr. B. upou enquimy, finds that the parents are respectable.. No pie mium will be required, as they will be boarded and lodged, dt thAeir own expenrse. Due Notice will be given of the fancy dress Ball and Carnival, in all the Sydney Journals. GEOIBE BUCKINGHAM, Odd Fellows' Arms, Park.street. MARTYN & COOMBES, Plumbers, Painters, Glaziers, and Glass Benders. - ARE now Landing, ex Medura, in addition to .-] their extensive and well assorted stock Ten Tons genuine ground White Lead, in kegs 28, 56, and 1 l21bs, and firkins of s2and 5 awt each Black, Green, Blue, Red, and Yellow Paints Sheet Lead 4, 5, 6, 7, and 81b to foot Lead Pipe,. all sizes Block and Grain Tin Bramah's patent Water Closets Lead, Iron, and Forcing Punmps Linseed and Sweet Oil lTuirpentine and Varnishes Plumbers' and Glaziers' Tools English Stones and Mullers Brooms and Brushes, of every description. 6 " THE TRADE SUPPLIED. George.rtreet, Sydney " Cheap Cedar Yard, Opposite "Weon's HOTraL," GeorgeT-sr CEDAR PLANK ON SALE AT Thg following prices, namely:-. j Inch ................. 2d foot f Inh ............. . d 1 Inch .................. 3d 1 and I Inch..:.......,. 5i. 2 Inch.................. 2 and ................. 7d - Parties purchasing Cedar in the Log, can fus it cut to any dimensions required. TERMS-CASH. P. ERWIN. John Cohen and Co., OST respectfully inform their Friends sa" the Public in general,they havejustopened; Ex City of Edinburgh, Tea and Coffee Services Dinner ditto ditto Toilet Sets eomplete, London pattern Foot, Bidet, Chair and Bed Pans Breakfast Sets Jugs, a great variety A fresh supply of English Filterers. All goods purchased at their Houie, packe is a superior manner. 68, George-street, opposite the Market.place. f ON SALE, At the Stores of the Undersigned, TWOOLPACKS, WOOLBAGGING, Sewing Twine Two-Bushel Bags Striped Shirts Duck Frocks and Trowsers Blankets, 8-4 9-4 10-4 Tarpaulins, 16 x 14, 21 x 16 - A variety of Wines in wood and bottle Brandy, Hum Colonial and Negrohead Tobacco . Hysonskin Tea Mauritius Sugar Colonial Soap An assortment of Millinery THOS. U. RYDER Hunter-street; 12th November, 1838. NOW UNLOADING, - FROM THE ,, City of Edinburgh" & " Medusa," C IDERI BOTTLED Stationery, assorted Pickles Slops Boots and Shoes from 4 different makers Milline, y (Ciilicos . Prints Shawls Lucifers Seeds Medicine and Instruments Stocks Perfumery Starch and Blue Oil Casks from Chippendales' Paper Hangings Guns and Fancy Sticks At the Stores of A. SAUNDERS, George-street, Sydney, 12th Dec., 1838. S FOR SALE, At the W?arehouses of the ?ndier signed, HJ[YSON SKIN TEA ex Lady Haye'and Rs. ?I nymede, in Chests, Half-chests and Ten CMti Boxes Manilla Coffee, in small mats Mauritius and Manilla Sugar : Liverpool Salt Jamaica Rum in puncheons, 32 per cent overpoo, Demerara'Rum, in hogsheads and puncheons, ill strengths, from 20 per cent. overproof to proof ' Cognac Brandy, of first brands, in hogsheads soas Imracls Pale Geneva, in cases Taylor's Brown Stout, in hogsheads Elliott's ditto ditto ditto Tungatt's bottled Porter and Ale, in small pick. ages Taylor's Pale Ale, bottled by Batson, in ditto Pale and Brown Sherry, in cases Hunt's Port Wine, in ditto Claret A Phaton, with hood for one or two horses - Sheet Lead, of all weights, from 3 to 8 lbsperefot Lead Pipe, in cases, f, I, I, and 2 inches Solder. in bars A WVooL PRxas, of most improved constrCetiou, and very cheap One Iron Crane, made after the latestpiteust,~~o great power, being capable "of raising fiVe tollS with the labour of two men Oil Casks, in shakes and set up Breakers and Kegs of all sizes American Pitch Pine, in boards, for looring - hIouses, &e.; And numencrous other articles. HENRY .MOORE, Moore's-Wharf, (late Long and Wright's,) Darliihg Harbour,' December 17, 1888.' : One Hundred Pounds Reward. Tr lHE above Reward willbe paid toanyRewark .,. who will give such information as wllled to 'the discovery of the Person or Persons, on con viction, who gave information to His Excellency Sir Maurice O'Connell, to the effect that I charged Sir John Jamison £800 for supplying his Ball in 1~835:, (whereas my charge against Sir John for the aforesaid-Bsll was but £119 13s. lld.),whichlt a most wilful and corrupt falsehood, and mmustadie froin some fiendish spirit of enmity, and it csr tainly will (if I cannot put a stop to such a csa lumny) be a most serious injury to my fature wel fare. THOMAS DUNSDON, Confectioner, George.street. December 24th, 1838. Stolen from Crampton'sa Hotel; N~ Saturday Evening, or on Sunday Morniag lasttia Danish Bitch, spotted black and white,. with young, answering to the nanme of Moggy. Wh.soever will give such infornmation as will lead tCa the conviction of the Offender, will receive Pive Pounds reward. If found to have Strayed, will receive Ten Shillisigs reward. December 21,.1888. AFJty Pounds Reward. A BAY MARE. aged three years, black polits,. ,tL branded L. E off side of neck, was stole from my Estate, Berry Park, Hunter's.River, about five weeks since, and is supposed to be in the neighsbourhood of the Hawkesbury. A Roeard of Fifty Pounds will be paid by me on conviction of the thief. Any person found in possession o@ the Mare after this Notice will be prosecuted. . \- , JOHN EiuALeS.?. Sydney, December 13,1838. TO STAND THIS SEASON, At Redesdale, in the Cohnty of Murriay;, rT'lME Grey Entire Horse 8 AMgO Nof.the LClydesdalebreed, at £2 12s. ad. eachsbar tq be paid on the Firt of January. Printed at 39, York-street, and Published at George-street, Sydney, by EDWARD S555i HALL, of Druitt street, and Fnasccls O'Ba'spt of George-street, Projrietore4 