VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. As a proof of the great scarcity of money in the colony, at the present time, we may mention, that at the sale of Sir Geor-?e Arthur's land, at the New Wharf. on L'riday lust, Mr l,\\. Lowes realized from £2;j to £30 per foot frontage for the allotments, while the total amount of tlie sale was about £1.0,000. — Colonial '1'iinng - December 4. Prohibition of Distillation. — The Legis lative Council, it seems, from the re port of its proceedings in the Colonial Times, determines, at all hazards, to per petrate an act of positive tyranny in the destruction of the property of Colonial distillers. A petition from- Mr David M 'Go wan against the intended measure, was submitted to the honourable house some weeks backs, when he was request ed personally to appear, or by counsel on a particular day, to state his objections. On the day appointed, Mr M'Gowan presented by his counsel, Mr Alfred Stephen, a in;inorinl, in which he ex phtined that (having heard that the Council hud determined passing the Pro hibition Bill) he should be ruined if it did pass, and that no compensation could satisfy him. This memorial was rejected on two grounds — first (as the petition of Mr M'Gowan), because it was not ' signed ' by him ; 'second (as the peti tion of Mr Stephen on his behulf ), be cause it purported iu terms ' to bo ' Mr M'Gowans'. — Cornwall Chronicle, No vember 17.. The Legislature. — We think it quite time for the credit of fhis august body, that its labors ceased. According to the Tasmanian, the Attorney-General intro duced on Wednesday 'last, an Act to correct an error in some other Act passed this sessions. ' This,' says the same authority, ' is the second or third Act, e rrecting errors in previous Acts, adopted in a session in a very few weeks'.' The welfure of the Colony demands that the present body of l.iw makers be early re lieved from the weight of their arduous duties, the proper performance of which they daily shew their inability properly or creditably to dischurge. — Cornwall Chro nicle, December 1 . Imported Corned Berf. — The Port Philip trader Pickwick has brought from Mel bourne this week, a few casks of corned beef in casks of 3 csvt., and will continue each return trip to import a like quantity. The beef we understand to be of superior quality and well cured, and will no doubt meet a ready sale in the Launceston market, if sold at a merely remunerating price. The Legislature have iu this spe culation a fair opportunity to pass another obnoxious law to prohibit such importa tion, upon suspicion of the meat being the property of plebians, and probably, when living, diseased. It is not unlikely that corned beof miiy find its way to the tables of the townsfolk of liuuuuuston when it costs about -Jtl per lb.. iu preference to the home grown aristoratieul beef, at a cost of 8d and 1 Od perllj.f 11 y ull means we would recommend a law to prevent, if possible, the people getting cheap aud good nniiniil food. — CorinCutl Chronicle, i\ovrmbcr ''-i . SIR R. BOURKE'S STATUE. LIST of Subscribers to the Statue of Sir Richard Bourke, K. C. B. £. s. d. Amount already advertised as amount of paid Subscriptions. . ..1,836 17 10 Balance of Bathurst Subscription. 88 15 0 Bax, Stephen 0 5 0 Bennett, W. 1 0 0 Biddulph, Edward 2 0 0 Blanch, J. 5 0 0 Blanchard, William. 0 5 0 Blaxland, J. M. 2 0 0 Blunt, William 0 2 6 Brooks, H. 2 0 0 Brotherton, W. H. 0 10 0 Byrnes, J . and W. 1 0 0 Carr, Michel. 2 0 0 Carroll, Moses. 1 0 0 Carroll. James. 0 10 0 Cook, Sampson. 0 5 0 Davis, Peter. 0 5 0 D. P. 1 0 0 Donald, M. O. 0 5 0 Drinkwater, E. 1 0 0O Dunlop, Esq., J. P. 1 0 0 Dutton, H. W. 10 0 0 Dwyer, M. D. 1 0 0 Friend. A, per D. Austin. 0 5 0 Friend, A, per J. Armistead. 0 5 0 Gorman, Richard. 0 10 0 A Grateful Friend. 50 0 0 Grey, James. 0 5 0 Griffiths, John. 0 5 0 Howell and Hamilton 1 0 0 Howison, James. 1 0 0 Hunter, Captain, Brigade Major. 2 0 0 Lackey, William. 0 10 0 Lakeman, Edward. 0 10 0 Langhorne, George. 1 1 0 Langhorne, A. 2 0 0 Lawson, William. J. P. 5 0 0 McHugh, O. 1 0 0 McNall, John 1 0 0 Matthew, Felton Town Surveyor. 5 0 0 M. Guigan. 1 0 0 Mortimer, John. 0 10 0 Nowlan, Timothy. 5 0 0 O'Brien, Cornelius. 5 0 0 O'Brien, Henry. J. P. 5 0 0 O'Dowd, J. 5 0 0 Osborne, Henry. 5 0 0 Payten, Nathaniel. 1 0 0 Purtell, Michael. 0 10 0 Brow, Samuel. 0 5 0 Stafford, John 2 0 0 "The Memory of the Just is blessed,"' 3rd subscription. 1 0 0 4th Subscription. 1 0 0 5th Ditto. 1 0 0 6th Ditto. 1 0 0 Urquhart, James. 0 10 0 Villiers, C. De. 1 0 0 Webb, Richard. 1 0 0 Wells, William. 0 10 0 £2,024 6 4 Interest on Deposit of £1,860, in the Bank of Australasia. £84 15 4 Total. £2,109 1 8 Additional Subscriptions entered into at the Meeting ot the Subscribers to Sir Richard Bourke's Statue, on the 21st instant : — Blake, R. 5 0 0 Bland, W. M. D. 20 0 0 Cape, T. 2 10 0 Flood, Edward. 1 0 0 Gordon, H. 1 1 0 Hill, Richard. 1 0 0 Holden, G. K. 5 0 0 H. F. 1 1 0 Hutchinson, William. 5 0 0 Jamison, Sir John, K. G. V. 10 0 0 Josephson, J. 2 2 0 Josphson, J. F. 1 1 0 lredale, L. 1 1 0 MacDermot, H. 2 10 0 McGuigan. J. 1 1 0 Manning, J. E, J. p. 10 0 0 Matthew, Felton ? 1 1 0 Murphy, Roger ? 2 0 0 Nichols, G. R. 10 0 0 Pendray, William. 1 0 0 Smith. --, M. D. 5 0 0 Suttor, George. 2 2 0 Therry, R, J. P. 10 0 0 Webb, William. 1 0 0 Wentworth, William, J. P. 10 0 0 £ 111 10 0 R. THERRY, Hon. Sec. £\apai &Tictorfa; ClKntrr* nnnrs evening, Saturday, JL December 22, 18;{8, will be performed, he Mclo Drama entitled QEIjc 35ricr;.-mtr. To conclude with the Nnuticnl Drama called Bound 'Prentico to n. 'Waterman. or. lazhk, Jir.imiger. The Emigrants' Annual Sail. ''pHJi STEWARDS of the EMI JL CJKAX I'S' HALL bt-£ to announce, ilmi the Third Annirersnry Hall will take place in iIim Salnnn of the Itnyal Hotel, Gimrpi'-»|rei't, on the I'.vownjr ot Tiifsdny, the 1st of January, 18:?9. Duncing to commence at Nine o'Cluck precisely. TickotH, admitting n Gentleman nnd Lady, each, pricu I tvt»ntv-rive Shilling*, may be hud from any of thu Siletvurds. or from WHLIA1K XCAR, Secretary. Gazette Office, Den 5'l, 1838. MRS BARTON BEGS to inform tlie Parents and Guardians of her Pupils that h~r Kstub linliinont will he re- opened on Aloiiday, the Itth January, 1U39. O'Connell street. Dec 21. lB.'Ja. MR TtSJLTHtTBHOSIji BEGS to inform the Public, that, with tlitf view of completing tliu Kduciitinn of his Family, h» will, on I ho 21st ilny ol January next, resume the duties of his Scho lastic Kalublishnieut, nnd receive a limiiml number of I'upils, u't £40 pvr annum. I he situation is h.-ultliy— a Dairy, Kitchen Garden and an Orchard will be appropriated to the usi of the School, and th- same attention 113 formerly will be puiJ to the Young (Jemleinen who may be entrusted 10 Ilia cure. Further purtiuulara will be given on application to Mr H. who respectfully invites I'unnta and Guardians to judge for tbumselves by calling at the Katublislimetit. A Classical Teacher, who will ho ofTarei} u liberal salary and all the comforts allorded at ; Country School, if in addition to the ornamental part ot Kiliicutum Ue u.111 write a guud tiand and produce satisfactory testimonials. ClnH Montet, 1 near Lampb-tl Town, v December SO1/1, 1UJ3. 5 2.aU) £-tatfonrrg (BfRcc. Til Ii Gentlemen of the Legal Pro fnsnioii are respectfully inform-d , by tht undersigned^ that he iiitemi.s, on the lat o January next, to opui an office m No. 8, Joneph son's 'lVrrdco, Klizdbetb-streut Xoilli, ndjoiniu;] Wentworth I'lnco. He trusts that bis experience aided by strict attention to business, liilelity confidence, anil Uie|-:itch. will be Im strongr* recommendation to the let;al prufenaiou, u-nuai favours ho earnestly solicits. . . _ TOSSFH PET- PJTN-G-X1.I,, .Sydney] Ueermhtr lit, iR.ttl. ' '. 1~Mli;itE aro stilt remaining tits- | 1 . entt'.i^ed in the funnier. nils' iturrar.kj, about' ' wenty-three families, chu-tly farm Labourers; mil Persoiii desirous 1. fubti-iuiut: their services, ^ IikiiIiI apply forthwith to the superintendent, at hu lluilJings. - 1 3\. asia-HAnx pimwock. t Immigration O/lice, } ' Ucrembet -'Ot/.. 1 H.iS \ ' 33o5tjponrmrnt of s-alr. f S. Solomon BEGS leave to inform the Public, rhut in couaeipiencx of the dangerous stnle of health of ftlrs. -r.'ra niiton, tb« S.da of HOUSEHOLD KUKXlTtiHK advertised to ' take place on thu premises of Mr Hichard 1 Cramptou, ut tun corner of Pitt and Kin;;- ' streets, THIS DAY. the e-.'nJ iu.taut, will not take place until KM DAY, the '.'ath, aud HON. ? DAY, the 51st instant. Syiiueu, find December, 18.18. J. T. 'Wilson HAS much pleasure in announcing ? to the Australian World, that he b.ii re ceived instructions from tlio Proprietor to dispose of, by Private Contract, uud if not shortly sold, to bring to the hammer 011 uu early day, ot which duo notice will lie :.-iveii, A BSATT^ZS-lTt; COTTAGS erected on a hall-a'rre allotment in the hVurialiinR uud lUilv iticreosin£ TOWNSHIP OF WOLLONGOXG, so justly celebrated for its salubrity of climate, and us die r-surl or the Jlj.v.it Con of Slustralta. Tfin situation is, beyond dpsftripiion, healthy niul delightful, and its proximity to tUn be ???!? reudtrs it peculiarly available tor exercise, either pedestrian or equestrian. The surrounding; country is studded over with the Villas of the most respectable p.irt of the. community, mul thus if thu purchaser should desire to recruit his lieulth during the -iin.Tli\' SUUMKR, he can -steal to his Cot, and though in retire ment, may by the excellent Sr.cii.ty of the neighbourhood, bu kept from '? ennui.' so fre quenllv complained of 111 iiimiv parts of the Colony. J. T. W. must not omit to point out the cir cumstance of its being; iu contemplation to establish this aa one of tliu Watering Places of this rising: country ; initned. Wollougou;; has so long; been celebrated for its SEA BATHING, that soma of the wisest heads of Ne«- South Walts h ive, years ?.-uiio.by, foretcld that it must eventually he tho BRIGHTON OF AUSTRALIA ; aud t'lero is sufficient lnncl f'ir the p.stnblishmi-nt of n splendid garden, large enough to supply the family with erery description ol vegetables. The titlo is unexceptionable, and all particulars may be learned at the (-m-:e.s 74, Cicorsre street. To -agriculturists and ^Private Gen tlemen. «T. T. 'Wilson A NNOUNCES that he lias been fi. honored with instructions to nlVer by pri vate bargain, the undermentioned valuable Sec tions of Laud, situated in the District of Lake Macijnario, containing, by admeasurumeut, 2.56O ACH.ES, nnd distant only flftouii miles from tho flourishing Towns of Malt land and T»owccatle. Upon it is erected u Dwelling-house, with requisites (or such an Krttnblishment. One pad dock of At) acres is cleared nnd fenced, nnd has been under cultivation ; also, n paddock of 300 acres, (Vnceil, buuutluil 011 two sides by n fresh water creek, in which there is abundance of water in the driest seasons. This was oue of the first Grants selected in tho neigbiioiirhood, nnd is adapted for either an Agricultural or Dairy Tartu, there being about eight hundred ucres fit for cultivation, and one of tho most extensive Cattle Runs at the hack iu the whole Colony. Thu Terms nro highly liberal, which will be mude known uu application ut the Offices, 74, George-street. 2OA.Tt.Z3 -T.TJX- LOHCZKtC. LADIES AND GKXTLKMEX can be accommodated with liourd and Loding in a respcct.ibla Kstablishmcut, delight fully and eligibly situated at Millers':! I'oiut. I?or cards of address, apply nt Mr Ellard'd Mu sicil Repisitory, George-street. December / . 18:58. TO J^ET, l\rith immediate Possession, A HOUSE anil SHOP, in the most eligible part of King-street Apply to ?W. U3B3iEWKITE, Aucti'iiitei , Sic Lower Cenr»e street. £5 REWARD. STOLEN Oil STRAY 13 1-, from the' Stvutii|-s, iMaitlaud, nn or about iho Mill of October last, a well bred BUck .Mare, heavy in foal, or has fonleil, branded () on the neuk — a iToll-hrid Chfsnul Mare with tinhttiiled wound in 1 1 IV sboiildet, extendiii!; from collar ti- knee, has the appearance of having beeu badly blis tered on that l.-g. ALSO A dark bay Vunrling Colt runniug with the above. W hoever will give such information as will lend to their recovery, to Mr Cox, Union Hotel, Mnitlaud, shall receive the above reward ; anil a further sum of £^0, on the appreh*nsion nnd conviction of any person or persons unlawfully t!ei,-iiiiin-r ill nr either of them STOLEN OR STRAYED, from \\\raltnr-ve, tl'fjlern lioud, A BAY MARE, bluck points, six yearu old, short tail, branded f) otf side uiidtr inane, n few white hairs on tin) foreliBOil, ? wither has boen laid open from pressure of a pad. The uuderxignod hereby offers a llewurd of twenty pounds on conviction, if Stolen; and if Strayed, a Kewurd of two pounds will bu paid to any person bringing the iMure to Wallgrove, or Castloreagh-street, Sydney. CHAaLES HO3ERT3. C.istlerenRfi.slreet. Dtc.Ml, IB'!3. Stolen froui Crampton'a Uotql, ON Saturday Evening, or on bun day morning last, a Danish LSitch, spot ted black and white, with young, ati^n-criug tn the name of Mnzuy. Whosoever will give such information us will lead to the apprehension of the ofFundcr will receive Five Pounds reward. If found to have strayed, will receive Ten Shil lings reward. i-,;tvm'jiT SI. IR.1B. A GENTLEMAN arrived by tht City of Edinburgh in desirous of meeting with an engiigeincnt in the Countty ris .Superintendent, where he trusts, thnt his practical knowledge of Agriculture, ns well as of Medicine and Surgery, would render his services advantageous to any establishment. Address, A. G. at Mr Illidgc'c, George- street. ; Quarterly 3ccotmtd» AN experienced Clerk, who is at prexent dinengnged, would Ijh glad to | unilertnke the making out of Quurterly Hills and balancing thn Hooks of one or two respect ? ,ulile trad*-jiiii--n, at til- i:io*e uf tb- |.resint year. .: il'lease lo address, J.V. '.'J, Mriiugliaiu 1'lace, l'Mt-^treflt. 0 per re at Jo r Seven l ears certain, J For £20,000. [irANTUU to borrow, on Mortgage, T Y V iho abovo sum of Jt''.'0.O0i-. for ^^%-fcu 'ears certain, for which Ten per cent, will be ivm. Security will ha given on tirst-ratt* X 'reehold Property, situated in the very heart o- ydney, no»\\- bringing iu the yearly rental ot r :4600, which may be collected by th* Mort ogee, until the whole amouut, including interest, spaidutf; or the whole sum may remain for he time first mentioned. For further particulars apply to xvxEsssis truwx-T «t ?wajrT, Solicitors, Pitt-street, j SAJLTSS BY AUCTION., riie -wliole of tho Cargo of tho Uric r 'AlICE.' Captain Kaynes, froui tlie Cape, CO BE SOLE) B\r AUCTION, Sy Isaac Simmons 6a. Co, \t the Mart. George- street, on THURSDAY, 4 2'th December. 18;iS,without tlic slightest ( reservation, to close Accounts, consistir.'; of — ; LOT 1 — 10 Pipes of Superior CAPE - SHERRY ' 2 — ID Ditto ditto ditto ' :t — 111 Ditto ditto ditto ?i — 10 Ditto ditto ditto - ' !- — 111 Ditto ditto dittu ' (- — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 7 — 10 Ditto ditto dittu 8 — It) Ditto dtito ditto !» — It) Ditto ditto ditto 10 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 11 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 12 — 12 Ditto ditto ditto 13 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 1-t — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 1.1— 10 Ditto ditto ditto lt- — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 1/ — in Ditto ditto ditto 1S — 10 Ditto ditto ditto li) — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 20 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 21 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 22 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 2.'t — 10 Ditto ditto ilit-ci 21 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto £;- — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 2C — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 27 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 2S — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 2!) — 10 Ditto ditto ditto Id) — 10 Ditto ditto ditto .11 — 10 Half I'ipes ditto VI — 10 Ditto ditto ditto :M — 10 Ditto ditto ditto ;U — in Ditto ditto ditto 3f- — 10 Ditto ditto ditto ;{(! — ;o Ditto ditto ditto .!' — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 3S — 10 Ditto ditto ditto ?Ml — io Ditto ditto ditto ?10—1(1 Ditto ditto ditto 41 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 42 — 10 Ditto ditto ditto ?IM — 10 Ditto ditto ditto ?14 — IU Ditto ditto ditto 1.'. — 10 Ditto ditto ditto \t\ — 10 Ditto ditto ditto 47—10 Ditto ditto ditto ?IK — 10 Ditto ditto ditto ?1!) — 10 Ditto ditto ditto fit) — 10 Ditto ditto ditto M — 7li 10 quarter pipes of ditto, each lot 'JO Ungs Walnuts. The whole of the above Wines are of a very superior cpiiliry, having hceu selected by thu well-known house of Thompson, Wat sun and Company. Terms at Snle. To Close various consigiiuien£3. Ilichlu gilt Cblmi Ornaments, lir.»,ze anil Gliinn Table r.uin/i« and Hru-i-.B 7Vi-nnu of Mottern I'attems, et list urruad, TO MK SOLD KY- AUCTION. Sy Isaac J3i.nmons fit Co., At th» Mart. C-eorc«-street, on SATUlt DAV, the S9ih Dermiiber. 1H18. at K.livtMi o'clock . without ih» least reservation, comprising — PORC ELAINE .rugs, Grecian and Antique Shape Flowor Beakers Athenian Jars and Fish headed ditto Large size Match pots Custard Cups wUh Covets, variou* patterns Gothic Scent Mottles Taper CmidleHticks Inkstands, Basket and Sancflr sbape Caril Trays and Wafers ditto Citbinet Cups pninted in cmnpartment* 3 Chiita Uusts of Wellington, Scott at Byrda AI.SH, I'airof Hroni* tatip*. riclity cut and frosted .'- Kronzn Pedestal Lamps :- China 1'i'cUstal Tahlt Lumps 6 Tuhlii Mninps.hliiB t'orcelaiue I'illnrs. richlv moiinlo'l. witli linn Ormolu Scrul^auil cbasnd fe»t. ccc complete. ALSO, 6 Hiiudsoafe llronze Tun Uru9 ?i Crates blue Dishes, various ai7.o«. To nns at Sole. To C'onjcctioners, Grocers, and Others. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, Sy JT. T. Wilson. I'M IS DAY. December ^2,18311, at his ostah. lished Knonu, at half past Ton for Eleven o'clock, tliu undermentioned (Joods, to clos-i ?|/\ BOXES JORDAN ALMONDS. ?*?' very fino 40 Mots white Sugar, of very superior quality, belli-; fit for any purposo tl) CuaWs superior Irish Pork Valeiitia Almonds in casks, nnd 10 liox.ia, 3 dozen each, .Dutch Curaynii, Turmti ot Suits. Co ftppcmaltcitf, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By J- T. Wilson, At his extensive Itooui*. 74, GeorRe-stroet, on TMUKSDAV, the a7th day of December, A COMPLETE SET of ROPE MAKINU AlACIUNKllV, cousiaiing of— SI rules Jucka XV i ii r lies Hobhinj; Frnrn«-s Spinning Wheel l-.i|willlin^ Maclnllu, Hl'.d '1 arriiit; Ap| nratus complotn, A compluto new Set of (tickles, coiisulmj? of— a KeB8 b l(uii);hers 5 Cleauers 3 i'ruiue Cleaners With sparo I'ins. Sttts, &c.; for encli, tnntlo to orilor in London for Dressing New Zenhtnil Flax. The whole to be sold without reserve, to close an Account. ALSO, TO LET, The established Itopn Wulk nt M'Laren'H Wlnirf, North Shore, well ud..ptud Tot cunying on tuo Hopo Alakiu-f UuniuehS, havitiK all ttie iiecfssiiry fixtures complete. It is »il»O well uilupteil to any purpose requiring commodious i'remi-ies i»h a CooperaijM, Sluu-;htur-hou«K, tic, nnd on which is ereci«il a oointortahle wentliHr bujnled Cnltage. bIoiih Sn.ro. Shi-d, Illack ?luiib'-. Shoit. Mm'j Hutu, £ic. 0 liJi SOLD BY AUCTION', By 3'. T. Wilson, HIS DAY. SATURDA.Y, Decumbor S'J, 1858, ot his established Rooms, at hdlf-past Tea for Kleveu o'clock, or account ana Benefit of wUom It may concern. rllE underiueiiuojicd Good-s viz.— Stoves Fenders Cirutos Iron Hots 10 Uarrels Stockholm Tar 10 Barrels Fitch. AFTER WHICH, lack. Gilt, and White Children's and Adults' Cutlin Furniture. Terms at Sale. 20O Tins Preserved Provisions. ?O BE SOLD BY AUCTTON, By W. szebblewhits, t his Hooni9. T.ower lieor-je-sireei, on Vlt)V UAV next, V-liU lUiiaut. ul laleven o'cl - precisely, j»/V-\ TINS (hinhle's Pi-i'servtul »'ru ?17\7 visions, couoiiting «'— ireen I'eu Soup oup do Houi'li iravv, (iitilft, anul other Soups .uuitirU Oyatus .'uaUrdi tov.i.i .Mushrooms ;uiu:fntr.ut»l lir.nv. A.-c..\o. lertns — I'urclimers un-l»r JJ.-0, rush; nlp.iv a hut sn n, ii|ipnivt-.| liills at three months. To Linen JJnipt'rs nnd Others. PC BE SOLD 15 V AUCTION, By W. EIel-l?le\vliite, Lt hU IJooins, Lower Ueir-;estr.'c', on \1OX D.W NKX I', tlia Jlh luatJiit. ut lil»v.«i o'clock precisely, SIXTY dozen worked JLuslin Ilsind kerchiefs 1 welvo ditto uiuo veiuod ottd aewed Siv'Ut pieces l.nwu 'ony ditto j-l Jiul 0 4 Jjconut :Mu»lin , -'iftet'ti ditto li- 1 VI ull ilitlo Ii^LtHetl ditto -T- 1 tape (;iieck ditto -;i£hteeii ditto H-» 6vvisa Mull Muslini sixteen dozen :--l Jaconet Handkerchiefs [Oitjliteeu ditto 4-1 .vieroua ditto Ki^hteen ditto spat, full cover und harness Shatvla. A FIT. II WHICH, Jne case Stenl I'ens and V-in Holders [)no double lurral (Juu Jiiu I'iunoforta Jiib two-j,Mlloti Copper Still und Worm \ variety of Shop titliu^i uud urouerics ?iuty pair Lasts, T»-rais — Purchasers utnliir £311. cash ; uboro lhat sum upprovml hills at three innnt'iM. lOOO Susliels EngliHlj Oati. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION By W. HebblewMte, At his jiciiniM. Lower George-street. «n iVlON. DA V next. Situ instant, ut Klxvun o'clmk precisely, lfW)O 'USUELS ENGLISH OATS. ?'?'*-'' n» lots to suit 1'urchasers. Tern:*— Purchasers under £'30. cash; ulmvu that sum, apiirovud bills at tliruu mouttis. S A L E BY A U C T I O N. RSr Sarnnsl Solomon * Is instruct^! to Sell by Auction, on FUIDAY, the L'oth. uiiJ UOM)AY, tin. :ilsi Do couili.-r, ut Ctauiptou's Hotel, Pill- street, npHE following Articles, the Propriftor i (.Mr Uich.ird Craiupton) bavin- pui chusetl tliH pood will of tile ' Hose Inn.'' I'eU n'.Ii, whither lie is ubout to remove: — Two si.li'ivdul »illi.ird Tiihles, l.y Thurst.m. India Kublier Cu:,hiuns, with npp.tratui complotu Spirit Fi'imtiiins and lluor Kngiues lt»r Fixlurua L imps Household Furnituro of every doscriptinu I'tute, Mo. Winei Ale Porter, Ac. Two Mullock Drays, Horses, ic. And u variety of other valuable property; AFTF.U WHICH, About SlO.UOi.) of superior HKICKS, a fuir simple of nbich will bo produced at the tinio of tiulu. Tbn terms are liberal, and will bo inojo kncina at time of Sulo. important to -&ra;}frr£u Tho xnost plcturo.iftuo and dollplJtfulIy situated Houxustead .In tlio Colony. To be Let, for a Term of Seven or. Four teen Years; BY PUBLIC AUCTION, Ey James Byrnesj At tho Koyal Hotel. Sydney, on FIUDAY. the i!3th Uecombur next, ALL tliat two tliousatid Acres of well fiticpd Land ut Appin, known as Hose's Farm, a hir^e pordnn of which i» under culti vution, aud the reHtdua dividnd and sub-divided into r.idilnuka. Imviti^ upon it the whole of tho water tn Im found iu that m-i(;hbourhood, und from which llio pedpla in the. District of Appin and Campbell I'owu brtvo been supplied in dry soaaons. It is most admirably adapted to maet tho wants nnd comfort of a largo Family, having every oonveuieticn thnt nmv ha required in uu extensivu lCstubliabmi'iit. Tha Dw«:lui{;.housii coimists of ii hirgp hull, parlours, dining, druwng, and seven litMl-rouius, detached Kitchen, dairy, larder, hake-liouse, wush-houso, six stall stable and granary, a stnnu built store, fifty- live feet by twenty f-i ft. with concli-houau und two meat cellam, a stoiie built burn with two floors, a superior horas mill nnil tlirfsliin^ machino, cart sliods, &c.; ; a windmill with two pair of alonej which stands unrivalled in the Colony, tho earning* of which may be known on roferetico (o the hook.t in the mill, til' tower is five story, built of cut atone, a well luid out garden anil orchard, with choice fruit trees, of about six ncres, nn extra wood built hnni, men's huts, piggeries, stock yards and milking sheds, jcc. ALSO. C)u the lit dnv of January, 1839, on the iibova Farm, will bo Slid by Auction, a largo i|inin t try of Farming Implements of various kiiul*, with u variety of Household Furniture uud KiicIilmi UiciisiIm. l\c. 1'erinn nniili' known nt the time of s»le. entile by {flurtion. TO «E~ SOLD BY AUCTION, By -A.. Oodds, At tha Union Hotol, K:is«. Muitland, on l'UK-. DAY, the 15th day of January imxi, ut 1'tvelvn o clock, IT^llO.M Twenty to Thirty WORKING' ? KULLOCKS, with Uows, YoUua and Chains, coi»i-lpte Drays, Carts, and u variety of Agricultural ojul otlu-r Impli-iii uts A largo quantity of vety handsoino Househohl t'urnituru A r«w Urood Mares aud Horses, the I'ropor j or a (.ientleninn luaving the Colony. Teriun ofSulB — Under £:1D, ou*h ; uhovo thnt sum approved eudorstd bilU at throo mouth* -Mlf'liu iul-n. . SALES JBY AUCTION. To XndutitrJous Mechanics, Small Cap italists, Speculative Zutiderti, and Others. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, Stven Valuable Jluilding Allotments, situate in Cumberland-street, and Esfex-lane, Sydney; bounded in part by the property ot'j. T. ?Hughes, Esq — the I'ruperiy of the' heirs of the late Hit Ulary lirunton. By Mr Blacltman, At his New Rooms, Regent Terrace, Hunter street, on MON DA V, the S4th- uf December, at Twelve o'clock precisely. MR BLACKM A N has been : honored with instructions to Hisposn of this vnluuble property, -which bus been surveyed unit divided into Allotment*) by n most talnnlod Surveyor. This Property in situuttt in Cumber liiad. street and ftssex-lane, being nearly upon the new line of Georg«-stre«t, which when com pleted will add considerably to its value. To tha industrious operative class tbe situation is convenient beyond description, being in tJw» immediate vicinity of nil the most extensive Mercantile Establishments, the Queen's Wharf, Commissurint Stores, Custom House, and other Government Oftic«8. The following is the tlescripttoh of tlie Allotments shewing the order in which they will be sold — XiOtZ. Bounded on the west by Cumberland-street, 19 fe«t, U) inches; oh thu north by No 8, S* ft SmcbeH ; on the east br » reserved roailwnv for uccesato the back of the Allotments B feet wide, £1 feet 6 inches ; tiud on the south by Essex* lanp, S3 font, this allotment to bare the right of buildiug: ovor the reserved: Roadway r,ot a. Bounded on the south by Lot 1 , 31 feet 3 inches; on tho west, by Qumberlunil-ttreet, 15 feet; on the north by Lot 3, 35 feet ; and on the west by (lie reserved rondwojr, 15 (eat. XiOt 3, Hounded on. tho south by Lot 1,34 feet .3 incheB; on the west' by Ouinherland-streflt, 15 feel; on the north by Mr Butler's. premisos, 46 feet ?V inches; nnd on the east by the reserved roadway, 13 faet ti inotiea and 5. feet t- inches. xota, Bounded on the west by the reserved Rond-wey Cfeetwido, Sb feet 6 inches, and 7 fe«it oo the north by the same .reserved Rond-wny, 8, .feet.; -..on the. cunt by, Lot 5,4$ feel 8 inches, to Essex-lane; null on the south by Essex lane 13 feet. Lot G, Bounded on the west by Lot 4, 43 feet S inches on the north by a reserved Itond 8, feet wide, IS feet; on the unit by Lot ti, 43 feet, to Essex-lane, and on the south by Essex lane, IS fuel. 1OT 6,. Bounded on the west by Lot 5, 45 feet to the reserved ro»d-wav ; on the north by the road way 8 feet wide, 13 feet ; on the cast hv Lot 7, 42 'feet 9 inches to Essex Lane, and on. the south by Essex Lane 13 feet. &OT; 7, Bounded on the west by Lot 6, and the re served road-way 8 feet wide, in all 50 feet 9 inches to Air. William IJutt'a premises; on the north bv those premises 13 feet; on the east by the'propTly of- Mr J. T. Hughes, known as the sign of the ' Hluck Dor,' SO feet 4inchvs to Essex Leas, audon the south by Essex Lane 13 teet. Terms liberal, trill, be. declared, at the time, of Sale. ' ? ? For reference to Plan, and other particulars, npplr to the Land. Agency. Offioea, of th» Auctioneer, Regent Terrace, Hunter street. fcJalnnblc ^ropei-ty IN HIGH-STItEnr, WXlli-V MAITLAND, To Capitalists, Storekeepers, Innlieep ert3, newly-arrived Emigrants, and. o tliers. .i .tip.' I mhsiculiallu built Jirst-rate Home and Premises, in ccery respect adapted for an extent site Mercantile T.stubliihment, lately rented ut £~2O per annum. AUo, the Ci'inmtreiul Tavern, beingiteti established ami in J nil trade, und mtw rented ut £\W per uunutu In a m-»t resjmetable Tenunt , TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By 2K£r Blackman, THIS DAY, the 22nd of December, at the Kov-al Hotel, by Order of the Iligli Sheriff, tt Twelvu o'clock precisely, without leservti. MR BLACKMAN lias the 'honor to inform his Frienda and the Public generally, that he bus received positive instruc tions to dispose of this very valuable Property, in two Lots, as hereinafter described. Tbt» Pro perty U roost desirnbly situated in the highest and driest part of West Maitland ; bounded by the High-street infront, and by Humor's River at the back, neiirly opposite Mr Cox's Inn, the Properties of A. 11. Spark, Esq., Major Moodie, Mr Yeoman, and the Steam iMills, and it may be axid without fear of contradiction to be the best business situation in the whole Township of West MaitUod. Tho Auctioneer earnestly recommends intending Purchasers should avail themselves of convenient opportunity to visit and inspect Hie Property previous to the day of Sale, which can be done without much expense or inconvenience, as the Steam Bo.hh run to the Green HilU, and from tbenco by Couch, a dis tance of four miles only to the spot, the greater part of which road is nearly level, and beuuti fully macadamised. Persons who have not visited this Town within the last twelve months, would be perfectly astonisbed at the numerous improvements made and making by the Govern-1 men l and Private Individuals, ut once ensuring » considerable encrease of the value of Property in West Maiiland. Xot 1, An extensive and valuable Allotment, situate in High-street, Maitland, und bounded by that street by » line S2 feut, by a depth of 1&0 feet Co ilia Kiver ; the House is spneious and well built, covering a space of 35 bv 50 feet, under tba whole of which is an excellent Cellar ; on the ground (loor a large Store, 3q by SO feet, IS feet high ; Dining-room, Parlour, Pantry, Entrance Hall and Private Entrance; Upstairs, spacious Hall, Drawing- room, three beat Bed rooms, with Dressing-rooms und Nursery ; u large brick- built detuched Kitchen, witb Uven nnd Servunts'. rooms abovo, six-st.ill Mable ; also, a large brick Building, with Fireplace, suitable for Workshops. Lot 2, Tho Commeroiat Tavern and Premises, adjoining the ubove, being a range of Buildings extend ing from the street to the banks of Hunter's River, forming regular suits of Apartments, and expressly built for the purpose of an Inn, being considered very complete, and now runted for £160 per annum. , Terms — Fifteen per cent, deposit upon the fall of the hammer ; and the residue by approved endorsed bills at three months, to bear date from the day of Sulo. For particulars respecting the Title, apply, at the Chambers of James Norton, Esq., Elizabeth street, with whom (ho Deeds are lodged. SADDLERY. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, B_y 'W. Hebblewhite, At his Uootns, Lower Georgo-otrcet, on MON ' DAY next, the 24tii instant, at Eleven o'clock precisely, Q/) GENTLEMEN'S Stuffed Saddles **' 2 SeU Gig Harness Whips, &c.; Terms. — Purchasers under £30, cash ; above that sum, approved bills at three months. 71 Shares In tbo Sank of IVow South Wales. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By W. Hebhlewhite, At his Rooms, Lower George-street, on MON DAY next, the 24th iuBtant, at Twelve o'clock precisely, -7| SHARES in that Flourishing Esta /'-'? blishment, the Bank- of New South Wales, jflO each. -: # Terms deolared at time of sale. GLASSWARE, &c.; To close consiernmauts, without reserve. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By W. ZXebblewhite, At his Rooms, Lower George-street, on MON DAY NEXT, the 24th instant, at Eleven o'clock precisely, 1 CASK — 35 dozen flint royal Winee, ?*- cut flutes and bottoms 6 dozen and 7 Spam, i pint Goblets, ditto 1 Cask — 05 dozen flint royal Wines, ditto. 1 Cask — 1 1 dozen Spa m. Liqueurs, ditto 24 four hole Paper Cruet Frames, cut glass 1 C«?k — 20 dozen flint royal Wines, ditto' 1 Cask — 2ti dozen Spa m. Wines, ditto 3 Casks — 80 dozen royal Wines, ditto 1 Cask — 12 dozen and 8 pressed Salts, shell x and octagon 1 Casks — 61 dozen and S Spa ra. Wines, cut flutes and bottoms 1 Cask — 28 dozen aud 2 flint royal Clarets, ditto 1 Cask — 21 dozen and 2 Spa m. Wines, ditto. Terms — Purchasers under £30, cash; above that sum, approved bills at three months. XoLlnen Drapers, Oonerol Sealers and Others. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, Sy W. ZZeWblewhite. At his Kooms, Lower George-street, on MON DAY next, 24th iastunt, at' Eleven, o'clock precisely, 2 CASES Turkey Red Handkerchiefs - 1 Ditto colored Silk and Uros do Naples. 1 Ditto Thibet Shawls 1 Ditto, Chintz and Twill Muslin drosses 1 Ditto Strong Shoes, Men's 1 Ditto Ladies' 1 Ditto Turkey Red Prints 2 Hulas assorted Slops 1 Case best Heaver Drab Hats I Ditto Black Silk ditto 1 Ditto Diab Ditto 1 Ditto Shell ditto 1 Ditto Gossamer uitto 3 Ditto White llata 100 Pieces 9-8 Shirtings : 14 Ends Printed Royal Hibb Can toons 7 Ditto Drab Fancy ditto 1 Case Lnmn Shawli aud Handkerchiefs , 30 l'ieces very superior Linen Ticking ?2b Ditto ditto 66 inch ditto to Ditto Linen Drill ' 30 Ditto Fnuev. Cord ditto 3U Dozen stout Striped. Shirts. 1 Uaak. Ironmongery. assorted-. b Tons Soap J Ton dsmagod: Sugar 10 I'ieces Kidderminster Carpeting i 9 Casks Lirno Juice ; With a great variety of Slops and General ! Merchandise, too numerous to particularize. Terms ? Purchasers under £S0 cash ; above that sum, approved Bills ut three months. .'ltiii)Utl 1'itthrr'g C'ur-jO. j TO BE SOLD liY AUCTION, By £».. 2*olaclc, At his Roouib, -Tlll^ DAV, ih« ZluA instant, ut Klt-vrn o'clock precisely, by order oi 'J'. V. Ryder, 'Ksq. the rnrir«» Cer^a oi the Schooner Samuel rii- rrr;-cDns:sti[i(f ut* — OQ«J. BAGS MAURITIUS Sugar '?/'?* 471 bags Uioe. 1000 Bundles Rattans 100 Cases Salad Oil 100 Usskets'ditto SamplnB may' be seen, nnd Catalngims ohtain»d. on application at the Office of ih- Aiiriinn»-r xooo qsao aoxt.xa'sixt cattle. TO BR SOLD BY AUCTION, Sy A. IPolacfc, On FRIDAY*, the 1 lth January, at bis Bazxar. at Tw.elve o'clock precisely, by order of tbu Proprietor,. Charles liaydell, Esq., : ' | AAA HEAD of Plorned Cattle, of J»-Wv {[,e following description, viz: — 500 Cows 1 50 Bullocks, three years old ISO Heifers, two years old und upwards 200 Steers Now depasturing nt LlnngQll'n, ribotit one hundred and twenty miles from Muitlxnd, where they will be delivered within one month of the day of Sale. Terms made known at time of Sale. lYISU-CKAIffDISE, &o.; TO BE SOLD BY- AUCTION, By'Isaac Simmons &, Co. At tha Marl, Genrjje.sireer, THIS DAY 23d December, 1838, nt Eleven o'clock, com prising. MOLESKIN TROUSERS Ayreshire ditto Cantoon ditto Swansdown Vests Quilting ditto lirocUellu ditto Moleskin Jackets Pilot Conts ' Cotton and Worsted Sloukingi Striped Guernsey Shirts liegatta Shirts Cotton Handkerchiefs Superfine Cloths Plated Cruet frames Japan ditto Chamber Ctindleaticks Dressing Glasses Carpeting And a large variety of other Goods, Terms at Sale. Xo close Consignment*. London-bottled Choice Wines, English Gin, §c. §'c. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Xsaac Simmons &. Co. At the Mart. George.streut, TM1S. DAY, 22nd Dticerober, 1838, at Eleven o'clock, as under — | « A. DOZEN fine old Port, in three ?*-?'''' dozen cases 100 Ditto Pale Sherry, ditto '200 Uitto East India Madeira. 3 and 6 dozen ditto G Butts of prime I'sle Gold-colour sherry i! Pipes ditto Old Madeira 25 Quartern and Octaves superior Sherry t OeJtifictites Scliediiin. in hogsheudii 1 Ditto Tohacco, Hrnr.il 1 Ditto St-gafs, Chiniur.ih 40 Half-barrels Gunpowder, FF. Terms hi Sal«. V o shipowners, &c.;~nzarino c toros of tne Barques soutb Australian nail Xiady Wellington. TO BE SOLD. BY AUCTION, By Xsaac Simmons &\- Co. On the Promises of Messrs Hughes nod Honk ing, Albion Mills, on M.ONUAV, Oeccmber 'J4th, 1838, at ICIevun o'clock, consisting of MAIN, Fore and Mizen Masts Two Bowsprits, with Tops, Caps nnd finings complete, nil Riga spars rteV^-'sailvard,, | completely fitted Sundry other capital Spars Two sets of lower rigging, nearly new Top-mast, Top-gallant iUast and Koyal ditto Lower Top-mast and olber Stays, ditto Chain, Slings, Trusses, Dead eyes Cat-heads, Cross. Trees, Iron Tiller, Hawse Pipes With o great variety of other Marine Stores, Terms at- Sale Splcnded China., Two Clocks, Sinner Services, Paintings, iStc. ex Eden. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons &. Co., At tho Mart, George-street, on WEDNES. DAY, l!oth Decoraber 1838, at 11 o'clock, without reserve, comprising, BREAKFAST SET S Cups and Saucurs Match Pots Tea Boxes Lamps Vases' various sizes Urn shaped ditto Pair ot Elaborately finished Vaiex, S-t loch high painted- with. Landscapes and figures 3, Exceedingly line China Clocks of the most chaste design, under glass shades. Splendid sets of Ironstone gilt liiauer Servioes. Desseit Services to mulch ALSO, Some exceedingly fine Pointings in, rioh frames, gilt in. oil gold, among which .will he, found Wellington and his atnff, at the liattle.of Water loo St Alban's Steeple CIihsu Queen on Horseback: Pair firignnds, fine Pair the Love Cbaso '?1 Paintings with Musio Pair The Last Struggle, Pair My Own Fire.aidoi The .Hanque.t at Guildhall The, Queen on Horseback Pair '1 he Intercepted Lettor Battles of Peninsular, Wars. Messuage, of Love The Poachers Detected King Charles's Fancy Terms at Salo. LX389 Snoop, of tfae far-IUmod- breod- of IWe»8r» Oordeaux, Cooper and levy, and Captain- CotnlU'e, TO BE SOLD BY* AUCTION, By Xsaac Simmons &. Go. At the Mart, George-street, on MONDAY, th? 7th of January, 1839, at Eleven o'clock, com* prehending — \Cff\\{\ EWES, two years old jil*J\J 300 Diuo three and four years old nnd aged 10 Kams, very superior, Mr M'Arthur'a breed :SS5 Wethers, Sftoeti months old i35 Ditlo, twemy.tn iwniiy six ruonlhsoldi Iflf) Ditto two to three yearn ol^. 74 Ditto tbree to Eve yeurs old , The EwesareinUoib to Mr M'Artbur'a Ratns, and wilt Ihuiu early m March. The whole are in excellent condition, and warranted never to hare been diseased. They are now running at NioiitubfillB, Maneroo Plains. : Wo pnrticulurlv, advisH intending purchasers to inspect for tbemaelvea the qualities of these 'Sheep, as any ^comment from, tha Auctioneers would be quits superfiuoui. Terms ht StXt. VStm Dillon'!) Batlinrut Sotel, in tne Tuwaship of 2tolsa, an oiCL'adinsly Valuable Property ot* nearly £lgbt Acres, TO HE SOLD BY AUCTION. Isaac Simmons &. Co. HAVE received instrnc1 ions . from the present Proprietreas to disprisu of tlie whoi« of this splendid Establishment by Public Auction, on FRIDAY, January 4, 1H39, »l Twelvu o'clock, without th« least re^eryu, in 4 Lou, comprehending — 1OT X. A Butcher's Shop containing fnur rooms, and buck Building* coutrtinmp two rooms, with well, Atc^having u fromageoi'50 feet, by a depth of 670 feet. X.OT 2. The unfiaisbed Stables intended for Twelva Horsey, but which may be converted into tn excellent two storied bou&e.; having a frontuge of l.iU feet, by a depth of 670 feet. LOT 3. A aurtstnntial Cottage and four back Cottage*, continuing fnur good rooms ; a Baker's Shop containing four rooms, with well of good water, ice. X.OT 4. All those extensive newly-erected two-storied premise!, well known to 'gentlemen and I r li- velier*, as £-illo7i'$ JBathitrst Hotel, being one of the most respectable Establish ments of the kind in this Colony , itnd pleoKuntly situated on the Kozburgh side of the Macijuarie Kiver, now in fall tradv, and in the occupation of the ahuve, (whose good taste blended with domestic comfort, is too w»ll known to need comruvnO buying spent a large sum of money upon the interior fittings, to mnke it a Family Hotel and Tavern of the first clns», for whiuh it ti cvntrically situated, in thut most iioport snl Township. These desirable Premises, possessing a most commanding appearance, and haviog a Veran dah both back and front, comprise on the first floor an entrance Hall 24 feet by i) ; two Parlours uearly fourteen feet square; capHcious Travel lers' Room ; four large lied Kooms ; superior Bar, Tup Room, Butler's Pantry, 13 feet by 9 ; Brewhouse, 34 feet by 9 ; and a Kitchen 24 feet by 9. fitted entirely in-tbe English style. Seoond Floor, a Drawing Room, 25 feet bv 14, with a balcony iu front ; principal 'Bed Chamber, 15 feet by 15, and two smaller ditto, 14 feet 6 by 1 1 feet 9 i contiguous to the above is a substan tial tive-atall Stable, Store, Laundry, Fowl House, Piggery, and Knl-bit Warren, together with a targe Garden in fine cultivation, an ex cellent Well of Water, and about three acres of Land well fenced in. The management displayed by the Proprietress in tho conducting of this truly valuable Esta blishment, has been the theme of everv traveller visiting this House ; and to her superior judg ment may he attributed the respectable Families who continually sojourn there from the fatigues of a town life, at the same time having all the comfort of a retired home. An enterprising in dividual following the system already pursued, cannot by possibility fail in realising a large fortune in three or four years. To do justice in Httempting to give in detail the innumerable highly important advantages possessed by this Estate, is more than I. S. and Co. can profess to dp ; they therefore content themselves with enumerating a few only, leaving the fortunute purchaser the pleasing task of finding himself agreeably surprised on an in spection of tiiis truly valuable Property. The valuubla Household Furniture, Stock, &c;, will he sold by Mr Litcoiobe, at Bathurat, on Monthly, the 10th January next. Full particulars and terms (which wilt be ex ceedingly liberal) may be known by applying to the Proprietress, on the promises i iWr Liacombe, Auctioneer, K.ithursl ; nnd nt lsnnc Simmons nnd Go's. Auction, Land, and Kstnle Agency OtBce, George-street, Sydney, wljere. (at Hither piajre) Pinna of the Property m«y be inspected. Six Hundred nnd F*J1y Ekcs, run ning at Gammon Plains. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons €u Co. At the Mart, Gcorgo-strcet, on MONDAY, January ~th, 1839, at Eleven o'clock, com prising fl/t/v AGED EWES, more or less, \ftnj 300 of whicb haye Lambs; by their sides, and the remainder will lamb in March next. The above Ewes have never been dis eased, and are in the finest possible condition. Terms at Sale. Xsaac Simmons &. Co.'s first. Sheep sale of tne Season. Eighteen hvndred Ewes, selected from the Flocks of Sir Francis Forbes. Isaac Simmons &. Co. H'.AVE been honored with/instructions. ' ? to bring unreservedly to the hammer, at the Auction Mart, George-strert, Sydney, on FRIDAY, 1st February, 1839, at Eleven o'clock, comprehending — 800 Ewes from two to two and a hs|f years .old, to lamb their first lamb in. March-, 500 Ditto four years old (in lamb). 500 Ditto aged ditto 1.800 Isaac Simmoni- & Co. beg to remind newly arrived Emigrants- and- Gentleman about.' to commence Sheep Farming, aiidotherg wishing to add to their establishments, that such nn. op portunity for the purchase of fine Sheep seldom occursi The respectability of- the owuer is a guarantee for the quality of these Sheep, but- as - it is a stock which to rapidly increases, it h«. been proved ovor nnd over again that it i», bettor to sell the surplus than get overstocked. This 'is the only inducement Which influences, most. Proprietors of Sheep at this season of the year to sell, aud experiences proves it to be-the roost ludicious practice. These Sheep are warranted free , from all disease, .perfectly sound and healthy,, and for. young beginners in this best of all Investments, , this really golden fleece of- Australia cannot be' surpassed^ and I. S; & Go. have no doubt they will command fhe; prompt attention, of Gentle-, men intending to get into Sheop Stock. They. are now running, on. Liverpool PJains,.. where they can be, inHpecta'd after the 10th' January next, on application to the Overseer in ? charge. Terms, at Sale. jfumituce ^»alr. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By JT: T. ^Wilson^ TO-MORROW, at Eleven o'clock; at hie established 'Rooms, SO- E A S', SB' T! T E'E' SL ' Couches Chairs, spring .bottom* . Ditto Cunc Ditto. Bed-room. Ditto Kitchen Dining and Card Tables Loo and 'Pembroke ditto Mahogany four-po»t .Bedite»«is i Cedar ditto; Iron, ditto Dressing Glasses Waahhand Stands Chests of Druwers Dressing Table*. ^ Beds.Aor Mattrassea Work Tables Dining Tablet, fa sets Pictures, in frame* Cooking Utensil*.' Xnd ?varioty of, other. Oood*,, too &aakfroui;,to. ' insert. Terns at S«k. ^ljilrnt«ili 2.rmttrti properties;. To tho Aristocracy of Australia, ''pecu lators in lana, lovers of interest, Admirers of Scenery aud ra;ters of rarities. 3'. T; ^Vilson ^nnouncs thnt Iih hns bpeu instructed bv the Proprietor la dispost* of hy 1'uhlic A union, on TUKSDAV, tliu Rih day of January. IH39, at his eztttusivf Itooins, i\o 74, Guorgn stru&t;, at liuli- pust Kltiveu lor 1 wolvo o'clock, 1'^ II E Utidermeiitioncd valnuble . Landed r'roperties, the lirst pnrct.1 of ivhich is situated at Ar£II' TOWN, \tit\ is laid out in six valuable allotments in Plan No l, as follows : — Lotl. Contains 2 acres. 0 mods, 10 parches; ha* a frontrige of 160 faet to the Cook's River lloud, and bounded on one side bv tho splendid 1'ro purty of the Hon. R Campbell, M.C. X.ot 2. Contains 2 ncrss. 1 rood, 29 perebps ; is bounded also on ont, side by the splendid Property of the Hon. It. Campbell, M. C, Hudafront»ge of 160 feet to tbw (Jovt-rnment Hoad, which is now beginning to he completed. X,Ot 3. ^ontaijn 1 acres, 1 rood, '29 pnrch«a, and han a frontagx of 160 feet to tin- Ciovernment Uoad mentioned in last Lot, and bounded on uithrr sides by l.oU ~ and 6. Xtot a, Hon'uina 2 acrps, 0 roods, 14 perches ; and has a frootngH of 16 f--t-( to tlie (-'ook'rt Hiver Koad, Hnd is bounded on either side by Lots 1 and 5. X.Ot 5. Contains . 2 acres, 0 roods, IS perch«s; has a fronlaga of 160 feet to the Cook'a Rivur Uoad, and is hounded on either side by the Property of Mr II. ft) ace, and Lot 4. z-ot e. 2ontsins 9 acre*. O roods, 14 perches; has a frontage of 160 faet to the Government Hoad msnlioued iu Lot 3, and on either side by the Property of .Mr H. Mace and Lot 3. The .above described Properly on Plan No 1, t is almost needless to say, \i situated in the * jHost JEElcaltfjB EHfftrirt if New South' Wales ; it is bounded on all sides ]y the Lands of Gentlemen whose spirit and enterprise are proverbial through the Colony, ind the rapid improvements they are malting is it sufficient guarantfe that the Allotments now jffxred will double in value hy the expiration of the year 1859. , To old residents 'tis not necessary to point out that New Town has long been selected bv the rlite of Sydney, as tbu spot where they raav nbide in peace, and seek repose apart from tbe din of this busy city, where they might steal to the quiet cot, Hnd renew their wearied frames— whtro they might Xnbale tho Fureat Air that nature ever gave — where they might ensure the health of themsulve, their consoru, and their children. It is indeed an established factV thitt while the whole of this Capital has been Buffering under oae of the most fatal diseases that fw mocked a Metropolis, that the residents here have en joyed the blessings of health in One Continued- Stream. The Scenery from these Allotments is beyond description, magnificent ; and tbu Auctioneer feels, that although he has viewed the.ur.bounded Landscape from tun spot, thut 'tis not in his power to do justice with his pen, still them are some beuuties which nevertheless 'tis his duty to endeavour to pourtray. First then, it must be borne in mind, that this Land haviog tbe highest elevation of the Neighbourhood, commands an itnmoiue extent of LANDSCAPE SCENERY j in the frout is aeun winding its sinuous course in gentle ripples, tbe Calm ©Datcrfl of Coofc's Ktbrr, while further in the distaaca. is the wide expanse of BOTANY' BAY j—m th« eyo roves farther from its home, tbe bold HEADLANDS are seen townring iiloft, and looking down in frowning Mnjestv on the Bokom of ttae lVHtlity Oocp, while ever and anon tbe attention is arrested by the passing of the little Vessels from this Wealthy Mart to tho districts of Ills warra and Batemau'a Bay. On the one side is the beautiful Villa and' Pleasure Grounds of A. B. Spark, Eeq, in un bounded1 view- of Hill and Dale, forming one of the finest Landscapes nature' ever, painted; on the other Tbe church* tbe Gardens, tbe Cots, of. tho Residents Uiif out with splendid tnslH, five life. aad. variety, to the scenerv, whilst in the rear of tho Estates, of Petursham and Annandnle, witb an unlimited extent of country, may he looked upon with never ending joy v Tb Gentlemen desirous of establishing them selves in- respectable society-, an opportunity is now offered to them. To Guardians requiring io. invest- tbe capitol entruptad to their care, 'tis i most desirabU- chance,- and to speculators- in Landnolbing requires to be said. Plan No 2, consists: of 6 Allotments, beauti. fullv situnted on tbu North Shore of tbe HARBOUR OF PORT JACKSON, iota. Contains. 1 acre, 1 rood ; is bounded on one side by tba valuable property of T. Barker, Esq ;. on another. side by the Government Koail.nnd bus a frontage thereto of 660 fewl, and a very t-xlen»ivn frontage to' 1'ort'Jabiison, looking tntoCureening'Bay . Xot Z. Contains' I' acre,- O roods, 20 perches; has a, frontige of '490 feet to the aforesaid Govern. ment road, leading to the Township of' St Leonards; and on' the other sides- by Neutral Harbour and Xot 3. Xot 3. Contains 1 acre, 1- roods SO perches ; is bonnded on one aid* by tho. property of Mr Drown; and on tbe other side's by Neutral Harbour, tte reserved rosd, and-Lot 3. ?? ' lot- «. '? I«, bounded on. three sid»»-8».U«t lot, end on tbe fourth, by Lot 3, and contains 1 »cre, t roop/. and 20 perches. ' lot 6. Contains 1 aero, ) rood; 10 perches; has a frontage lo eaob end to Neutral HUrbour. Hnd - tba.Goveromeot lload; ano, on either sides by Lot 4, and 6. lots. Contain* 1 acre, 1 .rood; is bounded on. three ?ides by the Government lioad, the property of'J; VV«ller, Esq.snd Neiilml Harbour, »nd 0U'lhe-burth.6id«( 'by- Lot ii Plan No 3; contains 6 Allotmaots deirgblfully ?itu«ted'onthe murgtn-of' ' JOittle. Sirius Cpce, and ia bounded on, front by LitUe. Sirius Covo, on tb;o nebt by tha property 'of James Holt, Ksq, in- tbu reur by- that of 'AmbrdsBHallen, Kscf, and tothclettby thatof Messra Mtllard &-Lindl«v- a b ? r Lot 1 rcsntaiot .1 0 30 X, 1. 0:93! S 1 O 16 * 1 t- *5' 5- 1- 0'36 6(. 1 '. OlSti.' In ?Bd»»vouring lo;ofrur,a fetr^remsrki upon this land, J.T. VV . would preface by saying.thsthB bmVaever b*«n eatrustW Vttita Sale of Property so n-i-tl deM-ri-in?, lli:- Dttrmion (if (°.i|.i[uli^B .\lerrb:iim, ami ut!u-r» cuunxt-ted with »h-pjiij9 irut-resi!,, ai to tbt, one now brought uo9 their not in-; it \\-s, us will be sppii by MM Pluus, formed cbit-rly of the head lauH j;itlin^ forlh in the n-ry centre of .'^^B SO3.T J-ACKSOU liiklLUOTJIV. H Tfan Allotments of Plan No S. have deH iVHter, sny 10 fHthoms iilon^aide, Hnd were QrijH iiolly purcbasfii for Private Wli.irlt. V-]S f-nrtlie Kst.iblislinipnl of.Sliip liuitderV varc^B VVl-alin», CoopiTlcip, or other Premises;' ll|lS Allmuihnis otlW ui. upportuuily »i a in'-iageH }ftnnf, winch nerer c«n oscur'asain, as all t^H Land in tlie vicinity of -Sydney Covo, huvi«H rvuter fronlngf, is disposed of. ''& This spot in ji|«o peculiarly adHpted for ({ -ri-ctinn of 'Vliirine Villas, hiiiI us tbt- lown i M l.Honnrd's is fast progressing, it* vuIuh mui lailv iiiureasp ; th« romi thereto passes tlirouj; he heart of the L»nd, and is, in fuel, tbe oiil lass- dtilu ro^d to it ; thp ground is of first. ral juuliry, and ih« Allotmenrs «r« Hrr*ngpd'- lumcient extent for Rard-ns, pleasure ground' !cc. 1'he purity of the air is n^t Biirpastod, i he world, unil ibe sct-Dury has been justly tai o rival in beauty the much admirvd' .r, HARBOVIl OF IllO DE JAXEMO'. )u the north is overlooked a richly woode lountry, Rtuclded thickly wilh the residences''^ he private gentlemen of Sydney; on the eat he Hays, lulels, nnd UlaudHOf lV-rl Jxcksonii ill thfir btidl.-sH vwriety ; on the aoutb the 1'ow )f Sydney, with its cosily and majestic Luili ugE.and the haaon of the Coce laden tvith til veultb nf various nations; whilst to tho wit* he Piirrumatta Kiver, with her host of Irddio -raft, and an extent of £ ?Tffilootr antr OiiBatec ^wncrg. | brn. a t tit ensemble — much ussier imagined tb* lescribrd. ',,.? Hurcbasers of Land, for interest's sake olcnA ihould examine well the merits of this ProptrtrB [t is » certnin investment — ensuring it return bl ncrease in vulue of 'jW FUMY PER CE.VT, -PEII ANNUVl.fB it is adapted to |iurposes without end, Hnd tS ivoid, tberefnrn, too ie'ngthy nnd tedious tin iijM rertisement ihe Auctioneer respectfully solicitS he Public generally to view the Land, prior ti he duy of sain. | Terms highly liberal — Condition* of Sa)».S Plans at the Office, No 74, Cieorge-streot. | BATHURST. 1 rO BE SOLD BY AUCTION Bv Mr. Liscombe, -, On MOV DAY, the 10th of January, IBSi and tho following day, at 13 o'clock, at tli bathurat Hotel, without reserve, the proprietni Airs Dillon, being nbout to leave the Colon) ^HE whole of her splendid House X bold Furniture, neurly new, the greiiti -nrt having hern imported by her from Kn^lan within the last eighteen' mouths, si a great el pense, consisting of — | Spring, llorsp-bnir and other Sofas 1 Loo, Pembroke, Dining, nnd other Tables - Di'ds nnd Iieddiog j Mahogany Horse-hair Chairs ¥ Cane bottom ditto | Drnwiner »nd Bed-room ditto ? Rich Chimney, Pior. hnd Drotaing Glaimi - Paintings and Pictures \ Timo Pieces ? j Elegant Cut Glnasware- Chandeliers and Lamps ? Plated Goods - % A quantity of Store Goods ' | Kitchen .Utensils of every description .*, A bout 500 Illumination Lamps, witb danigns., ALSO. ' t An excellent Mangle (Baker's Patent) ' Hor/i--« ? Cow* ? -; Higs ' '- i Poultry, &c; \- i The whole of tha remaining Stock-in- Trade, Bl Kogs, Hnd a great quantity of Hogsheads sn other Casks. f The abovp may be inspected any time pn vious to tbe sole. -i AFTER WHICH, ! Tbe unexpired Lea9e of tbu well-known Irii TBB OOX.Z-E2iT FZ.SSCB, ? the former residence of Mrs Dillon, and now iH tbe occupation of Mr J. Raleigh; Htid FOUfl SHAKES in the HAT HURST HANK, cfl wbieb £15 per sbare haa been paid up. - I TERMS.— £30. three months; £50. foil months; £100 and upwards, six months, bH approved bills. .? ENTIRE HORslsS. J THE VALIANT HORSl WILL Cover this Season, and t.-aycB from the J'roprietor.'s Farm at Appin.M attend everv ninth duy, ut Mr Crisp's Publil House. Myrtle Creek, theremaiuder of the timl *t the Proprietors, where tbtfra arujjoodpadilookB ind plenty of water. 'I \V EI.LIN'U IO.V in a beautiful dark bay, wiffl black points, and dappled, stands 17 hands t-ighl a three years old. lie was got by the Clevelaufl Horse out of u Hector Mare, is unrrantud tl draw two tons on any fair road, and to trot fifteen niles in an hour, carrying. twelve stone. ^.1 Terms — One Mare, £i 10s- — Two or raor-B bo JVoperty of the same- individual, £'i 5».-M Jroumage/As. '? Paddocks Gralisduring the Season. I Tbe. uuderaigoed will not be Nccountahtefafl Ihe safety ot any Mnres.or for anynocident tliirS nar happen, but pledges bixself they shall t*m :eive every attention, I Paymenls to be made on or before tbe 111 January, l8Sa- M LAURENCE DAUCr.&l; Appin, October 18', 18S8. ^M TO STAND THIS SEASON, *i 4t Yass and the Neighbour hood, a/' which notilM uill be given, the Thorough-bred horse', «? DUKE OF ARGYLEJ THIS' Horse, wiiich is allowed Urn the finest Colonial bmd Horse in thfl Colony, wts got by ? Emigrant ?' out of Kitty,'* well-known .'Mara by Stoeltrap, out of » tborougM bred Mara imported by Dr Uouglas.- -M TERMS — Three Pounds; Pire Shillmpi Grocmoge. _, SOtV August , 183B. \ . -jj Agents for this OPaper i— | Bathurst.... ? Mr Fitzsimmons Berrima ? Mr James Hakpb CampbeU Town ? Mr H. U. KMBKt» [llawurra ? : . . . Mr Hyams « Jerry's Plain* ? Mr Capps Limestone Plains iiManero. Mr A. Mosbs i Liverpool ? ? Mr W. Pwtchard Maitlahd ? ' ? Mr P.. J. Cohen ^ ParwinatU ? Mr Hugh -Tavum Penrith. '...... ? Mr A. Fkaibb. fi Port Phillip ? Mr W.P.Pick£RIN;- Windsor ? Mr Laman Whit« yasa ? ? Mr E. B. Grbkh.,;. ££T Ojllsctorsifor . Sydney* Messrs ? GeoROi Mose andiSDWAKJD Cooiijoan. -L The above are the only individuals (except ? he Offiee'of Publicatiou; authorised to recei* Mbneyi- on- account of the Proprietor of Tmj VusToaj-iaK t they ore furnished with print' Receipts, bearing thesignature of ft A. COUEJf Edited', printed and ,,ubU»bed by Asi'»»M ^^'! 