"SALES -BY AUCTION. -Horses, Carriages, Drays, Stc. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY -A. POLACK-, "At his Bazaar, on;FRIDAY next, the 28th-instant, -,at Twelve o'Clock, `TII'REE SADDLE H'O'RSES .L One pair Carriage Horses<{good match) "Two Draught Horses STwo Brood Mares SOne Timnor Poney One Londldn- ullt'Uhasiot " One dlitto ditto neatly new "One London-built Stanhope Two Drays. T'ermnmade' known at time Of Sale. One Thousand Five Hundred Sheep "IN THi BATH-URST DISTRICT. On FRIDAY, the lth January, 'at 12 o'clobk " precisely, -B1Y A. :OL'ACK, 'AT HIBS aO5BS, g%"NE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED SHEEP, the property of AiKemmis, Esq. consisting of 500 EWES, ' to lamb' in March ; one half two years- old-=the other half two -years to four years old. ."1000 WETHERS, two-arid-a-half to four '-years olid, chiefly four years old; . 'And now 'epasturing near O'Connell's Plains, where they •will be delivered 'by the first February. •Terms made' known at time of Sale. 'ELEVEN HUNDRED EWES Withl Lambs by their-side. 'TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY A. POLACIK, 1On'?TRIDAY, the 11th day of'January, at the Bazaar. at 12 o'clock precisely,.. by -order of Mrs. Aspinall, relict of the late'Edward Aspinall, Esq. E LEVEN HUNDRED EWES with strong Lambs by their side; having -lambed in 'October, 700 -three'-years old '400-four years old 'warranted sound healthy-sheep, in •?good- condition and: free-from all disease. 'A. P. feels much pleasure in being able to state, "that these Sheep are deserving of. particular atten t"'ion, having.beer selected in 'July last with great care' and jugdment from the well-known Flocks of ''Charles Cooper, Rsq., and are now only parted-with in consequence of the lamented death of the -pro 'prietor. 'Terms, and"further particulars, made known ,on reference to the Auctioneer. '1450 WETHERS. :-TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, `BY A. P 0 LA•CK. 'ON'FRIDAY the 11lth day of JANUARY,- at his ' BAzAAt, at twelve o'clock precisely, THE undermentioned Wethers, free from dis ease S15'0--50 "mohtths -old '130-42 'ditto '300-36 ditto' '400--26 ditto 470--'15 ditto S1450 Depasturing at Wellington, where "they will be delivered. 'TERMS-(liberal): made known at-time of-sale. A fine alluvial Farm of fifty Acres on the fertile Banks of Mangrove Creek. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION. BY A. POLAC, At his Rooms, on THURSDAY the 24th of January, at twelve o'clock precisely, ALL THAT FIFTY ACRES, more or less, situated in the county of Northumberland, on the right Bank of Mangrove Creek, on the River Ifawkesbury; bounded on the north-east by Mangrove Creek ; on the east by a line bearing south seven chains twenty links ; on the- south by a line bearing west twenty- two chains fifty links, and on the west by a line bearing north thirty chains eighty links to Man- -grove Creek, being a Grant From the Crown. A. P. is fully aware the above valuable Farm is too well known in the fertile district in which it is situate by nature to require any comment, to en- hance its real value, ae it is bounded by a well- known navigable creek, which disembogues itself into the River Hawkesbtury, and is contiguous to the Farms of Messrs Jenkins, Woodberry, Evering- ham, Cheesland, and others, and also nearly adjoining The Government Reserve, intended soon to be formed into A Township. A Brook also runs through the centre of it. To the Emigrant Agriculturist, with a family, such another opportunity of commencing Farming wlth a comparatively trlfling outlay, with the dertain prospect of success, cannot frequently be expected to occur, consequently such a proslpect should not be lost sight of by those who are anxious for an independency to enable themn to leave their offspring careless alike of the smiles or frowns of the world. Terms made known at time of Sale. "GRANT FROM THE CROWN. :Tsirty Acres on the Liverpool Road. 'TO vBE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY -A. PBLACKIC, 'On TBURSDA'Y. the 24th'January next, athsis Rooms, at.12 o'clock precisely, HIRY AcresodfMLand on'the liverpoirl-road, 14 Parieh of Liberty flains, bounded on -the. -east'by aline nurtlrt?hirty-one degees west, twenty nine chains; owrthe north by a'line west thirty one Sdegree, south eleven-oehains; on the west by a line south thirty-one degrees east twenty-seven chains; 'and -on the south by the ,Liverpool Road, -about " midway .etetenuLivergpool and Sydney. 'This ,property ts -so situated as-to'be admirdbly ,adapted tr thes purposes of tlhe'WealthyGrazier as ;a Homestead, -for the -accommodation of Cattle arriving from 'the interior for the Sydney Market, Sit being amply provided with pure -water, and -green ?fodder to refresh them previously to -ieing exposed 'for Sale. To Butchers, Jt holds out equal advan 'tages, for the support of their surplus stock, as here :(within a- short ride) they-can be kept in-good~con dition and always at hand. The' 'Farm, although small, is equally-well • adapted.for Agricultural purposes, and:to an indus. " trious individual with a trifling Capital, holds out advantages-very sarely to be met with. Further particulars and Terms smade known on ureference'to: he Auctioneer. SPLENDID VILLA ALLOTMENTS 'AT .MRS. DARLING'S POINT, A. .P O LA C. , EGS to- inform the.Pablic, that in consequence of the -NEW STONE -BRIDGE across " WEST's CRERu," at the-bottom of 'Council Hill, on the South Head Road, being new complete, and the Road greatly im. proved by levelling, that at Twelve o'Clock on SATURDAY, THE 2xo FEBRUARY -next ensuing, he will offer for Public- competition AT HIS ROOMS, 'Sundry 'Villa ;Alldtments, Situate in that highly respectable neighbourhood or 'MRS. )'ARLIN-G'S PO'INT, "Which lie contiguous to the Estates of Major -Mitchell, Surveyor-General; C. 'D. Riddell, Esq. M. C.; Colonel Wilson, Chief Police Magistrate ; M.'W. Lewis, Colonial Architect; 'James Holt, James Dunlop ; M. Clarke; J. Woolley ; J. Hos. king: Robert'Futter, 'Esquires, &c.; &c.; 'Further particulars will be notified-so soon as the Surveyor has completed his Survey and-Plans thereof. TWENTY-TWO FINE -ON THE Banks of Prospect Creek. -o 'MR, A. PO LAC K-, Has been' instructed by the Proprietor to submit to Public competition, at Twelve o'Clock pre. cisely, on 'S A T U R D A Y, the .2nd day of February, AT IIIS 'ROOMS, TWENTY-TWO FINE ALLUVIAL Y'FARMS, lying and situate in that never. failing fertile'District of P RO S' P E'C T, com. mencing on the south side of and bounded on the east by the high road leading from Parramatta "to 'Liverpool (via La Retraite, the Estate of Captain Dalmago); on the south by 'MOUNT ERIN, 'the 'Property-of J. Ryan Brenan, "Esq., Police Magistrate, &c.; &c.; on part of the west by the Estate of the Rev. Thomas' Hassall ; and on the wmorth by `PROSPECT CREIEK, on'the"opposiie Bank of the Alluvial Farms of Messrs. 'Tarlington Hammett, P. Downie, J. Nichols, W. Blower, and others. These' Farms have been' marked out by Mr. Knapp, -Surveyor, with that degree of,'judgment which is generally attributed to him from his general knowledge, and vary in contents from TWENTY TO THIRTY ACRES EACH, agreeably to locality. Twelve of them are bounded by the main Prospect Creek, which it is well known was never dry, and have each a convenient'.RESERRZVED ROAD, .leading from" the main road, herein first described, -with 'water frontages, varying from upwards of a quaqter of a mile. The remaining TEN are bounded by the aforesaid' High Road, fronting 'the Estate of the late Rev. Spmuel 'Marsden, and contiguous to "VETERAN ':HAL'L,: the-seat of WilliamniLawson Esq. ' A. P. in thus giving- a sinple 'description of this most 'valuable landed Property (being the only "Land now to be'purchased on 'Prospect Creek) en 'trusted in his charge to disposi of wit1o6uttre?ow VO, is perfectly aware that the situation of .PR OSPECT is too-well' known to, require the'least eulogium suffice it to say, that the same District.has furnished the colony with that inexhaustible source'of agri eultural and dairy produce, vegetables, fruit, from the earliest date to the present time, He there fore considers further remarks* unnecessary, as the Lands now offered for sale are well known to be deep alluvial soil at-the date hereof, mostly covered with Apple Tree, and -known by the name of ,' Apple Tree"Flat "-a never-failing proof of very ,rich Land, as witness-the adjoining celebrated 'Kenyon's Orchard and G'arden, =Standing on a less quantity than the lots now offered for public competition,-and what has pro duced to its industrious owner, an annual RETU RN ,OF SEVERAL HUNDREDS OF POUNDS, 'which will, no doubt, ere long, amount to thousands. It 'may not be amiss to 'observe, that Bricks, if required, will 'be delivered' on the Lands at 25s. per thousand, and SAWN Timber of every descrip tion at 25 per cent under Sydney prices. The Surveyo'r's plan lies for inspection at the Office of the Auctioneer, ·where further particulars' may -be obtained., 'ROSE INN, YASS. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, I.Y MR. A. POLACK, On Monday, the l1st day of 'January, if not pre riously disposed of by private contract, ALL .THAT FIRST-RATE BRICK-BUILT -House and Premisesl -so well.known as "The ' Rose Inn," at Yass,' STANDING (without any exception) on the Smost eligible spot -in the township for busi ness;'being next the Court House. The " Rose Inn,. contains eleven rooms, finished in the-first style, 'three of which are 18 feet by 14, and elevenfeetcleaibetwee?flnor ard ceiling, with a cellar under the mbuilding, niane?4eet deep. De tached are erected a stone- built kitchen,.and three rooms, together with a 'ten-st'll table, and the requiite out-buildings for such qn establishment. 'A. Polack in bringing under' the notice -of the public this truly -valuable :Property, begs 'to .re commend it more particularly to the attention of parties accustomed to public business, as the pre mises have been 'erected (without reference 'to expense)'withr the sole view of makingita 'First-rate 'Count-ry Inn, so'highly desirable in the public thoroughfare in which it stands, the Proprietor's exertions in carry ing these into effect have proved succesful, and he can now 'without 'fear of contradiction positively assert,'that'fsom the capabilities of the establish ment to afford. accommodation to 'Travellers and Others. The '"Rose Inn," stands pre-eminent on the'w'hole line of road 'From Sydney' throdujh the County Argyle, to.the New 'Settlement, 4&c.; &c.;, conse quently to any party desirous of commencing in this line of'business forthwith, have now anopportunity ot' doing so with little trouble, but every certainty of realizing a handsome competep?py in a short period. It may-be well to add that~mider the ,New Act.'; Licensed P'zibliciniz .s' .are the only persons permitted to sell rpirtuous liqiuorsin an)'quantity, nomean advantage to Inn keepers in'the interior. This Property is sold tolely on account 'f the ill health of th proprietor. Further pairticulars and terwu:on reference to the. Auctioneer. TO GRAZIERS, BUTCHERS, MARKET GARDEN"ERS, DAAIRYMEN, WOOD-CUT TERS, &4c. TO LET, Seventy Acres of Land, within 7 miles of'Sytney, by the Undersigned, for- seven years. S EVENTY ACRES of -fine illuvial LAND, sit nate near the seven mile stone, on the Liver pool'Road, running down to and bounded in part by Cook's River, plentifully supplied with fresh water, well timbered, and fenced in with a suitable :three. railed fence. To Graziers and Butchers driving cattle from'the interior for the Sydney market, the above will-prove a 'valuableacquisition. S=To MarketGardeners, Dairymen,- and others, it holds out various advantagestfrom its quality oflsoil and contiguity to Sydney.. Wood Cutters will here find Timber -suitable for every purpose of Building, Fencing, Shingling, Firewood, &c.; A. POLACK. Five Hundred Maiden Ewes. A, .PO LA C.K, Has received instructions to offer for sale, by -pri vate contract FIVE HUNDRED EWES. about -lambing with their first lambs, perfectly clean and healthy, and warranted never to have been dis eased. They will -be delivered at Goulburn, or the'Fish River, at the option of the purchaser. 'Terms-- Liberal. PORK, IRISH AND HAMBURGH, ON SALE AT THE STORES OF A. POLACK. FLOUR. IRST, Seconds, -and Ration of the best'qua I'lity, always on SALE onithe Pearith Mills at Sydney Prices. Carriage. if required, can be fur nished for -Flour sold by the undersigned, to any Station in the 'Bathurst, Mudgee, or Wellington Districts. ALEXANDER -FRASER. Penrith, 24th Nov., 1838. ON SAL E, At the Stores of the Undersigned, TWTOOLPACKS, WOOLBAGGINg, V VSewing Twine Two-Bushel Bags Striped Shirts D.uck Frocks and Trowsers Blankets, 8-4 9-4 10-4 Tarpaulins, 16 x 14, 21 x'16 A-variety of Wines in wood and bottle Branidy, Rum Colonial and Negrohead Tobacco Hysonskin Tea Mauritius Sugar Colonial Soap An assortment of Millinery THOS.'U. RYDER. Hunter-street; 12th November, 1838. Gouiburn, Berrima, and "Yass. 'ANN RICHARDS, Widow. &Executrix; of the late-JOHN RICHARDS 1Mail and Building Contractor, OST respectfully informs her Friends, and the Public in general, that she has made arrangements for carrying on the Business in the same manner as during herlate husband'slife time. Her COACHES -'will continue to run during the-ensuing year as usual. and earmy ncoommoda tion and safety for'passengers and-parcels will be strictly attended to. She will --also keep the Stores 'at Berrima- well supplied with 'Provisions, '&c.;, for the convenience of such'Gentlemen and Settlers as may favor her with Orders to furnish their teams on the .road with Rations,.&o;, .the -BREWERY *at "Goalburn is conducted -under the .superintendence of a qualified person, and as there is now a large quantity of Beer ready for delivery, -she respectfully solicits a continuance of that share of patronage and support for herself and family, -which has hitherto been so liberally bestowed on her late Husband, -and no exertion on her part and her -agents, -shall bW wanting-to give general satisfaction. BOOKING OFFICES : - SYDNEY, Talbot 'Yard, and White Horse Inn, 'George-street ; LvWIRPooL, Mr. George Graham, Wheelwright's Arms; CAMaBELaL TowN, Mr.- John Burley, King's Arms Inn; BERRIMA, Mr. M. Doyle. Mail Coach Hotel; GOULBsa N, Mr. .John Watson, Goulburn Brewery. "W FARES AS USUAL. Contract Stores, Berrima, 4th December, 1838. LEVIEN'S LIQUID, For destroyingPlies, upgs, Mosquiitos, Ants, Cock roaches, and othcerlnsects. TIHE above invaluable Article may now bie pur 1 chased at the following places, in TiunBottles, at Is 6d and Es each: zL. Samudl, George.street F. Mitchell, :George-street J. M. IHlidge, George-street John Neilsn, George street \- John Stuart, George- strect James Tegg,; George-street - J. Ginger, Market 3\. Maclehose, Hunter street A. Davey,' Hunter-street. C. Mellington, Phillip-street Agent at Maitland-A. Levisi, Post Oce. Observe! Eiach bottle is labelled with dicrections, and signed, B. -G. LEVIEN. JOHN BENNETT OF GEORGE STREET, SYDNEY, Shoeing Smith and Farrier. BEGS leave to announce to his Friends and the Public in general, that he is about to retire from business, from his shop, well known for many years, in the occupation of the late Mr. Thomas Cooper,at the commencement of the ensuing year. He feels extremely grateful for that share of public patronage he has hitherto experienced, and begs leave to recommend his successor Mr. WILLIAM GARLAND of the Brickfield-hill, Sydney, Shoeing Smith and Farrier, whose knowledge of business for some years has rendered him completely com- petent, and has given satisfaction to those who have honored him with their commands. William Garland further begs leave to state, he shall ever make it a precedent to pay due and prompt attention to all orders he may be honored with, and trusts by his assiduity and perseverance, he shall meet with that share of the public support he has hitherto experienced. Sydney, December 21, 1838. \- " WVILLIAM HILL, JPRACYT'AL BUILDER, SBLIOR-BTREET, SYDNEYr, B.EGS to acquaint gentlemen, in town andooun S try, that he has" commenced business in the above'line, which he studied in London, and trusts that his practical experience, with his abilities to imake out plans, elevations, sections, and specifi cations, will entitle him to the consideration of gentlemen anxious to have buildings executed with sound judgment and ificient workmanship. SPLNDJD COLLECTION oF English as PForeign Toys. NOW LANDING, Ex "C -?ity of Edinburgh" and " Medusa." D"OLLS, Fifes, Houses, Dinner Sets, Spring SFigures, Dolls' Cots, Swing Glasses, Chests of 'Drawers, Boxes of Tools. Steam Boats, Kaleid. oscopes, Magic Fish, Harlequins, Victoria Organs, Fishing -Lines, Druens, Guns, Swords, Blacks with Cymbals, Climbing Boys, Swinging Boys, Com position Dolls, Officers, Sailors, Huntsmen, (in full costume) Dolls' Shoes, Donkeys, Boxes of Bricks, Skipping Ropes, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Pewter Tea and Coffee Sets, Humming Tops, Games la *Grace, Traps, Bats. Balls, Cricket Bats, Ball and Stumps, "Zebras, 'Fly Toys, Weather Houses, ,Castles, Pistols, -Flour Mills, Flour Carts, Coal Carts, Errand Carts, Sporting Chaises, One Horse Plys, Omnibuses, Iron Spades, Garden Tools, Book Cases, Cups and Balls, Covered Carts, .Butcher's Carts, Musical Carts, Swords with Belts, Whips, Chaise Whips, Garden Rollers, Hobby Horses, Fortune Tellers, Masks, Waterloo Rockets, German Carriages. Cossacks, Bows and Arrows, Tin Carriages, Watering Cans, Trumpets, Chess Men, Brass Cannons, Dissected Maps and Puzzles, Children's Alphabets in Boxes, Time Pieces, 'Fiddles, Bath Bells, Percussion Pistols and Guns, Noah's Atks, Wax Masks, Transparent Masks, Dancing Bears, Waterloo Trunks. Games of Fox and Geese, German Tactics, and the Mill, Rattles, Tamborines. Anchors, Work .Boxes, Travelling Cases, Writing Desks, Dressing Cases, Transparent Slates, Card Cases, &c;, &c.; JAMES TEGG, Bookseller and Stationer. George-street, Sydney. Ch? istmnas Presents and New Year's Gifts. J USTILANDED, an Assortment of splendid Wax Dolls-Ladies' Work Boxes and Writing Desks-Fancy Baskets-Foot-balls-Cricket-bats ,and Balls of all sorts-Toys-Whips-Guns Swbrds, &c;'. ' At Mrs. HORDERN'S, No. 12, King- street, Terry's Buildings, between Pitt and Castlereagh Streets. T'OR THE' YEAR 1839. THOMAS BRENNAND, Bookseller, Bookcbinder, Stationer., -AND ACCOUNT BOOK MIANUFAOTURER, &c.;, Near.the Royal Hotel, George-street, B EGS to intimate to his 'Frien'dsand the Public, who may wish to open new sets of Books at •the beginning of the --year, that he has now ready for sale -a large and general assortment of Stationery and Account Books -,f every description, suitable for-the Banks, 'In surance Oflices, Mlerchants, Shopkeepers &c.;, which' he is enabled to offer at much lower prices than has generally been paid in this Colony, in con sequence of their- being entirely of his own manu-. ,facture. J. B. continues 'to work his Patent Ruling 'Machine,- by which he is enabled to Rule Account Books, Paper for Accounts, -Music &e.; to any given pattern, ?with neatness and despatch; therefore any orders he maybe efavored with, .wilimeet with due punctuality. N. 'B, - A great"variet) of?'ustefl and entejtain ing BOOK., suitable 'for Children and ChsisJtas 'Presents, at 'very low prices. PARRAMATTA ACADEMIY. HE Christmas Recess at this Establishment Iwill commence on the 21st 'December, and terminate on the 21st January. 1839. "Mr.'BRADLEY'S system embraces'the 'requl site and polite branches of an English education'; young gentlemen being Trepared 'for mechanical, agricultural, commercial, navail, or scientific;pur suits, in a comparatively -short period, without imposing on- them the arduous study of the Classics. The premises being extensive, -and capable of \- enlargement, a few additional Boarders may be accommodated after the Vacation, on the following TERMS. 'Under86 yearssof -age...¬25 per-annum. 'From 8 to 10 ........ 28 ,, From 10 to 12......... 30 ,, 'From 12 to 15........ 35 ., Above 15.............. 40 These charges include Washing, Board, and Education only.; Stationery, &c.;, and also Drawing, Music, and Dancing, -;(if required), will be extra. 'Clothing and every thing requisite provided to order, on reasonable terms. Boarders admitted for no shorter a period than one year-certain, and I)ay Pupils for one quarter, excepting a specific agree ment-to the-contrary. George-street, Parramatta, 15th'Dec., 1838. MARTYN & COOMBES, Plumbers, Painters, Glaziers, and Glass Benders. ARE now Landing, ex Meedusa, in addition to I t1their extensive and well assorted stookl Ten Tons genuine ground White Lead, in kegs 28, 56, and 1 llbs, and firkins of fand 5 owt each Black, Green, 4Blue, Red, and Yellow -Paints Sheet Lead 4,; :, 6, Z7, an8lSlb to.foot .Lead Pipe, all-sizes Block and Grain Tin Bramah's patent Water Closets Lead, Iron, andFfteing :Pumps Linseed and Swqet Oil Turpentine and -Varnishes -['lumbers' and Glaziers' Tools English Stones'and )Iullers Brooms and.1rushes, of every description. \- " THE TRADE SUPPLIED. George.street, Sydney \- "FOR SALE, At the Warehouses of the under signed, H -YSON SKIN TEA cx Lady Hayes and Reun. s nymeie, in Chests, Half-chests and Ten Catly Boxes Manilla Coffee, in small mats IMauritius and Manilla Sugar . Liverpool Salt Jamaica Rum in puncheons, 32 per cent overproof, Deenerara Rum, in hogsheads and puncheons, all strengths, from 20 per-cent. overproof to proof Cognac Brandy, tf arst brands, in hogsheads and barrels Pale Geneva, in eases Taylor's Bromw Stout, in hogLsheadi Elliott's ditto ditto ditto Tungatt's bottled Porter and Ale, in small pack ages T?aylof's Pale Ale,' bottled by Batson, in ditto Pale and Brown Sherry, in'cases Hufnt's Port Wine, in ditto Claret A Phaiton, wit hliood for one or two horses Sheet Lead, of all weights, from 8 to 8 lbs perfoot Lead Pipe, in cases, j, 1, Ii, and 2 inches Solder, in bark A Woor. PRam, of most improved construotiou, sad very cheap One Iron Crane, made after the-latest -pateit, of great power, being capable of raising.-.ve toais, with the labour of two men' Oil Casks, in shakesand set up Breakers and Kegs of all sizes American Pitch Pine, in boards; for 1ooring house!, &c.; And numerous other articles . - IEBNRY MOORE. - Mloore's Wharf, :(late LongdAid Wright's,) Darling Harbour, December 17, 1988. (The following two Advertrsemets swere received from Mr.' Fawwoner, a fobrtnight ago, and un happily got mislaid, for which swe have to ex press our regret and apology to Mr. F.-En. SYn. MN;. NOTICE. PERSONS VOYAGING to PORT PHILLIP are respectfully informed, that Fawkner's Hotel, Melbourne, offers them every comfort to be found in a Family Hotel in England. It contains spacious parlours of great height; a choice and well-assorted Library. with all the British hews papers, Magazines, and Reviews of late date, and constantly arriving. This house contains twenty beds, and commands an unrivalled view of the Bay, the Harbour, the Shipping, and also of Williams Town. Terms-The charges are on the same scale as the Hotels of-Launceston. J. P. ?AWKNER. Collins-street, Melbourne," 1 Corner of the Market-place. f NOTICE. T HE " MELBOURNE ADIVERTISER," ceased to be published in consequence of a Notice from the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, stating that by the Act of 1828, certain -forms were to be gone through with in Sydney. An application was immediately made to the Governor-in-Chief to allow -these forms to be entered into, in Melbourne; an Act, to that effect is now before the Council, upon that Act coming into operation, the Melbourne Advertiser will awake from its transient slumber, and again enter the Poli tical :Arena, and like a giant refreshed, proceed to accomplish the Herculian task of WATCHING OVER, AND STRICTLY GUARDING, THE RIGHTS or THE PEOPLE oF PORT PHILLIP. The Port Phillip Gazette eschews Politics in these remarkable winds; -" Politics, elsewhere the great theme of contention, particularly wherever a PRESS-has room to execute its influence, .will in this instance be held in abeyance." The Melbourne Advertiser dissents from this -opinion, and announces to the public, that all communications relating-to the welfare ofdhis place, and people, will be thankfully -received, and, if worthy, inserted, bhut -in dll cases -involving public offenders the name of.the writer must be entrusted to the 'Editor. The Politics of the Melbourne Advertiser, are thus developed *to the Public, without waiting to catch the favourable gale that may eventually arise to make .its sprinciples square -with the profitable SIDE. The thanks of the Editor ,of the Melbourne Advertiser are due, and-frankly rendered unto-the following ;Sydney Journals -for their 'kindness -in forwarding their wieekly papers to him, although lhis paper was in abeyance. The Monitor, the . olonist, and the Herald.--J. P. P.. TERMS Subscription-Ten Shillingesper Quarter, if;paid at the quarter day; Twelve Shillings and Sixpence if any longer credit :is given. Eight Shillings .per'Quarter if .paid in advance, and single num bers One 'Shilling each. Advertlsemcnts-The first six lines, Three Shillings and Sixpence, every additional line Three-pence for each insertion. Sydney-Agent for the Melbourne Advertiser. 'Ma. THOMAs 4IRENNANO, Sfationcr, George steeet. Hobart Town-Mr. Joan FAWKNSR, Macquarie- st. Launceston-Mr. HaEnr DowlING, Brisbane-st. SOHN PASCOE FAWKNER. Cdllins- street, Melbourne. Law Stationery QOf.ice. THE Gentlemen -of the Legal Profession. are respectfully informed by the Undersigned, that he intends on the first January next to open an Office at No. 8, Josephson's Terract, Elizabeth Street, North, close by Wentworth-plaee. He trusts that his experience, aided by strict attention to business, -fidelity, confidence, and despatch, will be his strongest recomumendation to the Legal Professiop, whose favors ihe earnestly solicits. .JOSEPH PETTINGELL. Sydney, December 18, 1838. WILLIAM JONES, Stationer, Bookbinder and Publisher., B EGS to return his sincere thanks to his Friends and the Public, for the liberal support he has received since his commencement in business, which has enabled him in so short a time to.extend his business; 'he therefore begs to apprise the Public that he has taken those extensive and com modious new premises of MR. WILKINS, at the corner of George and Liverpool-streets, which are now being fitted up with every convenience neces sary for the carrying on an extensive business in the above line; and will be opened on Friday next. the 14th instant, when he begs the favor of a visit from his Customers, to -whom he will offer for Sale an extensive supply of of every description, which he has just received from ENGLAND DIRECT; in sufficient quan tities to enable him to supply the largest TOWN or COUNTRY ORDERS, of the most varied descriptions. W. J. begs to call the attention of Merchants, Traders, .and Shopkeepers, to his newly invented A~COUNT BOOKS, which are generally acknowledged to be superior to any sold in the Colony, and for \- Twelntf -five per Cent. less than any other House; JONES' FLU.ID INXK, has long been acknowledged by the Mercantile world -to stand unrivalled for its PURITY and BRILLIANCY of COLOUR, and is used in nearly all thie Merchants Counting Houses-and Banks in the Colony. .- ( Orders for Advertising, Letter-press and Copper-plate Printing, taken in as Agent for the Sydney Monitor and Coasmercial Advertiser Office. All ve who Stationery need, Apply to William Jones; Nor disbelieve what here you read, For puffing he disowns. Some constime the midnight oil, In adding to their store Of wisdom; and with ceaseless toil O'er musty volumes pore. SSome there are like butterflies, .Just skim the surface o'er; Newton or Locke far less they prize Than Byron, Scott, or Moors. To whatever class his friends belong, SJoNas can them all supply; Whether Newton's page, or Tom Moore's song, His ecustomers would buy. And Ink he sells-the heart 'twould glad Of any scribe to use it; Once tried, you'll think all other bad, And ever after choose it. " Books he binds in every way, In Boards, or Cloth, or Leather; So strong 'twould seem that 'til Doomsday Or longer, they'd hold together. Account Books too, of every kind, An assortment most extensive; At JotrEs' Shop alone you'll find ' Such things are not expensive. 'He has left his former cheap shop, Upon the Brickfield Hill; And if you at the new one stop; You'll find it cheaper still. Now if far this his simple lay, You'll patronage bestow SOn WILLIAM JONES, he'll ever pray That no sorrow you ay know. TENDERS FOR MEDICINE. PERSONS willing to Contract for the sup? l MEDICINE for the ensuing twele oat from the let] of January to the lIst ofe ?,aD 1839 inclusive, are requested to transmit Ten' for the same to the Underigned, on or be Friday, the 28th December next. The Tender must include the supply of Bottl when required, and Trusses at a fixed price. y charge for bleeding Patients andestracting teed are not to be included-in the Tender for next year The Medicine must be of the best qual;ty, sb. j ect to the approval of Dr. Wallace and Dr. Nibol. son, the visiting Surgeons, who will give ey information as to the terms of the Contract. Communications addressed to the Undersigne to be left at the Dispensary Rooms, Hart's build. ings, Pitt- street. T. WOOLLEY, Chairman. JOHN M'GARVIE, Hon. Sec. Sydney. December 18, 1838. SYDNEY DISPENSARY. RESIDENT SURGEON WANTED. THE increasing number of Applicants for relief at the Sydney Dispensary, having rendered it necessary to appoint a Resident Surgeon, the Com- mittee request that Persons desirous of becoming Candidates for the situation transmit certificates and testimonials of Character and qualifications either of the Undersigned, on or before the 28th December, by whom, or by the medical officer information will be given respecting the proposed salary and the duties required. T. WOOLLEY, Chairman. JOHN McGARVIE, Hon. Sec. Dispensary Rooms, Pitt-street, Dec. 7, 1838. IN' THE "PRESS, AND SHORTLY WILL BE PUBLISHED AN INDEX 'TO THE NEW SOUTH WALES Government Gazette. T- HERE are, it is belleved, few persons con. S.nected with the Government, the Legal Pro. 'fesion, the Merchants, or the Community in general, who have not frequently to make reference to The Newo South loales Government Gazelltte; and the' compiler of the Index believes, that the 'possession of it would be useful to all, and, besides facilitating the transaction of business, save much valuable time. The Index will afford the means of easy refe. rence to the rules and regulations of the Govern. ment, Acts of Council, Sales of Land. Town Allot. •ments. Preparation and Issue of Deeds of Grant, &c.;, Statements of Revenue, Imports and Exports, :Bank Assets and Liabilities, Advertisements for Tenders for Public Works, Provision and Forage Contracts, all Appointments to Offices, Deserio-. *tions of Land to be sold, Cases before the Com. •missioners for determining Claims to Deeds of Grants of Land, Deeds awarded and pteparrd, Lands purchased, Sales by the Sheriff, Partnerships dissolved, &c.;, &c.;, with the names of the Parties alphabetically arranged. The Public Offices will be supplied with this Work by the Government; but as only a limited number of Copies pvill be printed (beyond those so supplied), it is requested that Magistrates and Gentlemen (particularly those in the country) wil have the goodness to cause their names to be entered in a list kept by the following Booksellers "-liamely, Mr. Evans, of Bridge-street. Mr. Moffitt, of Pitt-street, and Mr. Tegg, of Goorge-street, Sydney, on or before the 31st Dec cember next. The price will be Ten Shillings for each year' Index, namely, from 1832 to 1837, both inclusive [CIRCULAR. ] \- ' ADDRESSED To the free Public of New South Wales. Eatul fitrt'tt TE, THE UNDERSIGNED, free Colonists conceiving that a PETITION should forthwith be addressed and transmitted to the House of Commons, praying, that provision may be made for securing the faithful and exclusive application of the Territorial Revenue of thia Colony, to the promotion of IMMIGRATION, do now suggest, that a Public Meeting be convened to take the subject into consideration, and we do hereby engage each of us to pay the sum of One Pound to the Cashier of the Bank of New South Wales, to create a fund-for defraying the expense attending the proposed measure. Cheap Cedar Yaid, Opposite "Woon's HOlTL," George-street. CIEDAR PLANK ON SALE' AT 'THY following prices, namely : 1 Inch.................. 23d p, foot t Inch................. 3d I Inch .................... d - I and j Inch........... 5d - 2 Inch.................. d -- Sand ................. 7d - - Parties purchasing Cedar -in the Log, can havse it cut to any dimensions required .. T?ERMS-CASH. P. ERWIIN. John Cohen and Co.1 M/OST respectfully inform their Fiends and the Public in general, thly havejust opened, Ex GitV of Edinburghi, Tea and Coffee Services Dinner ditto ditto Toilet Sets complete, London pattern Foot, Bidet, Chair and Bed Pans Breakfast Sets Jugs, a great variety A fresh supply.of English Filterers. All goods purchased at their House, packed in a superior manner. 68, George.street, 1 opposite the Market.place. Stolen from crampton's Hotel. O N Sa'urday Evening, or on Sunday Morning J last, a Danish Bitch, spotted black and white_ with young, answering to the name of Moggy. Whl,soever will give such information as will lead to the conviction of the Offender, will receive Five Pounds reward. If fbund to have Strayed, well receive Ten Shillios reward. December 21, 18.8. Fifty Pounds Reward. SBAY MARE, aged three years, black points, branded L. E off side of neck, was stole from my Estate, Berry Park, Hunter's River, about five weeks since, and is suppnosed to be in the neighbourhood of the Hawkeshnry. A Reward orf Fifty Pounds will be paid by me on conviction of the thief. Any person found in possession of the Mare after this 'Notice will be proseented. JOHN EAL(ES., Sydney, December I3, 1838. TO STAND THIS SEASON, At Redesdale, in the County of Murray, TI HE Grey Entire -Horse S A M S O N of thi \- Clydesdalebreed, at £2 12s. Gd. ,eaghMas to be paid on the FirstofJanuasy. Printed at 39, York-/street, and Published at George-street, Sydney,. by EnwanRD Ssril IALL, of Druitt street, and Panorcs O'Bars' of Georgonstreet, Proprietor?s 