Australian Union Benefit society. AT the Fifth Annual General Meet ing of this Society, held on t'ridav, the lGth instant, the following resolution was adopted : — That a condensed Report of the bnlance-slipot be published in all the Sydney Journal), ones. CEORCS riTCHBTT, Chairman. The Australian Union Benefit Society, in account current wilb th» treasurer, from the 12th January, 1833, to tliu IStb January, 1BJD. Kcretuls. £ t. d Balance in hand ? 232 7 B 1 merest no account ? ? ? 8 5 0 Contributions ? 201 7 S 441 19 11 Otsuursctncuts. Salaries nnd Dispenser ? 34 2 6 Kurial und r'un»ral Allowances.... Tti 9 4 Printing and Advertising ? 13 a ti Usb of Mechanics' School of Arts.. 1 1 0 124 1? 4 Balance in favor of the Society .. 317 2 7 44 1 19 11 Invested in Savinps' Bnnka ? 3(Ml 0 I Uuluuce iu Treaaurer'd baud ? 17 it 6 317 B 7 Total number of Members .... 1 03 JOSEPH HUNT, Secretary. 2\0i-nI &'trtoria' Cfccntrr. THIS KVENl NTG, (Thursday). 31st Jnnuary, 1U5', will bu p--rt'-ir*iurd the Drama of THE HARP OP ALTEKTBSRG. Af'« which. \h» Know of T IT E R I V A I, PAGE S. To conclude with the Burlesque Hurlettaof ? Manager Wholesale ana Retail Grocery, Drnu and Family Tea Waroliouso, Sr.ckfteld Hill. (1.ATE C1F HIE FIRM OF POHUS AND DAVIts), HAVING opened those extensive Premises uifjoiiiiiijr tbe I unn.-ry ot Mr U iUhire in I lie ubove business, rfspectfullv solicits n share of public patronage. From his extensive connection in thu Colony, J . J. \\). bus ll.ni an opportunity ' I selec'in:» tl-e best Articles in the Mark. I, which »«? nmv oftVrs to his Friends ut the lowest rrmuneratin;; prices ; and has also remitted orders to first rate bouses in Rn^luud for regular supplies, which will eiuihle him to compete wiih any House in the Trade, bolb us to quality nnd price. The Medical Department of tlie business being |-lari-d under tbe mun-i-r(*meiu of h Oen llemnn fully qualified in Lnglnnil. .nnd ot' consi- derable Colonial expt ririicf. J . J . IJ. irusts he shall not be thought to assert loo much by issuriii£ the public, ami especially beuJa of faii.ilii's. tliey may depend upon the acc:;rjcy ind ability with which Prescriptions will be irepar^d nnd Medicines dispensed. Hovin-r determined to do business upon the principle ot sniiill profits, quick returns, nnd ilnctly honorable dealings, J. J. \\). hopes t« eceive thn lav -r oi' bis numerous frieu.ls und th» -ulilic generally, and which it will be his eudeu. ?our to deserve. Svdneu, January, 21, 1839. Saddle and Harness IHanufactory, George street. JBINNFE respectfully acquaints ? her Matrons and the Public thut she bus received, per rec»nt arrivals from London. » large addition to her previous stock, winch now ! cousists of — Cb.iriot, Tandem and Gig; Ilnrn-ss, with brass, plated mid curved .Mounting Ladies' und lieut's oest Souier-ii-t Saddles Hunting nnd Side Saddles of uli duscriprions Travelling appointments complete Portsmouth, Ch.fl'ovy, Pelliam and Sr.nfil-.- I'.riJIes Four Horse, Tandem,. Carriage, Ciig, Hunting, Jockey nnd Lii-ii»s' U'lups, irom the celebrate 1 house of J . und J . Skinner A variety of Horse Clothing. Uig and Ciirriuge Aluts, with every thing ro qiiirml in thn trade. JOHT.W MACDOWAIjjli, BOOT AND STIOmrAKEIt, (l.ATE OK KINO-STIIEUT), ANtfOUXCES to his Friends and the 1'ublic generally, that thn Business carried on by him in King-street, is REMOVED to those Premises lately occupied by Mr G II, Pastrycook, George-street (immediately opposite the Treasury), where, by dint of perseverance, punctuality, nnd despatch, he tvill endeavour to merit ncoiitinu-in?e of those favours so liberally bestowed upon him hitherto (and for which he tenders his most grateful thanks). While to those who may feel inclined to honor him with their putronage, he hegs to assure them that nothing sbull be found wanting on his purt to gratify their taste and wishes. Sydney, Januaru 3D. 1839. To be Sold or Let, A COTTAGE, with Our-liouses, fiia hl«s, a Uurden, nnd .'5 Acres of Lund,o:i the Surry Hills. Apply at tbe OiHce of CSAnXSEXlS &, T£tXJK.X.O'W', I'itt-itreet. To Graziers, Xravollors andd others. FOR SALE, EIGHT Working Bullocks in good condition, having been useil to work together; also, sixteen bullocks unhroken. fit eitber to breuk-iu or to turn out, being nil from tbrea to four years old. For particulars apply to HEWB.Y MEajlITT, Victoria Inn, Lantisdoun Bridge, Liverpool Road, £3^ Also, a Chaise Curt. HORSE FOK SALE. TO BE SOLD, the Proprietor having 'no use for her, a nearly tho rough-bred Mare — Colour, bay with black points, rising four years — stands 11-2. War ranted sound, nnd a good roadster. She is per fectly quiet. For further particulars, apply at The Australian office. TO BE SOLD, A PAIR OF BLACK CARRIAGE jl jL HORSES, warranted sound and quiet iu harness. May be seen at the Stables of K. Fisher, Esq., llcnt-street. .'$Oth January, 1839. WO GENTLEMEN can bo ac commodatcd with Board and Lodgings, in a. smill family in a pleasant part of Sydney. — Terms moderate. For Cards, apply at The Aus tralian Office. lO-OHTEC AND JiOTTTB AM£KICair Coffee &oii3c; anli S)otd, Til II EADN EHDLE STREET, (Near the Bank and Royal Exehangc,) LOtfOOK. IN the arrangement of this Esta blislnnont, it bus uuen the object of ihe Proprietor to combine, with oven* personal comfort and convenience, a regular succession of authentic Commercial Intelligence, from every part of tbe World. The Sleeping-rooms are spacious, airy, and handsomely furnished; the entertaining Kooms, uumeroas.and adapted to Public orselect Parties ; the Stock of Wines various, extensive, of the choicest vintages, and finest qualities. In tbe Subscription Koom — accessible to resident Visitors — will be found the dnilv and Provincial Papers, nnd Commercial Publications of the United Kingdom, liritish India, Canton, Singapore, New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, (.'ape. ot Good Mope, British America, West India Islands, and every other Uritisli Colony or Possession. Journals and Commercial communications from more than One llundrud Places in tbe United States; from Brazil, buenos Ayres, Mexico, and ivery other State of South America; and also 'rom the principal Forts, Cities, and Commercial I'owna of France, Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Holland, Germany, Hamburg und otlier parts of Continental Europe. It is therefore humbly presumed, that no ex sting Establishment offers a combination of ad rnntages 30 eminently desirable lor Gentlemen ?isiting Ibe. Metropolis on Commercial Business; ind the Proprietor ventures to flutter himself, b..t experience may justify tbe pretensions on rtiicli be most respectlully solicits tbo piitrouage md favors of the Commercial World. TERMS— BIUDKKATE. JAKES DA.VIES, Proprietor. N. ». — Tbe Cuptainsof allthe American Ships ire to be suuii here daily. HHAD MA3TE71 WATiTTED. WANTED, for the Wosleyan Ci'r.imrui.r aclinnl, Sydney, a person ot Wesleyan principles competent to iinderlnke the duties ot' He;id MuMer. J Jo twist he ut-l» to im part a so'iud Knglish Kduiatinn, including the Ma(bt-mut'i-3, und lo instruct iu I lie urcek uud Urn ('lassies. I be SnUry will be liberal, and increase as the Scliuol progresses. Testimonial!) as to conduct and qiitiliticirinns will be required. Applica tions to he muile to tb« Kev J. Wutlcin, Surry Hills — if Ity letter, postpaid. TO BE LET, For tbe term of Four Years, (rom tao 1st of July nest, \LIj that Cottace, Outhouses nnd Premises, known' as ,|,« ?? ui,| Cheshire Cliees-,' nn the PHrrnmrittii Hoad, t'- wi.icb are attarhe.l ?_?» Acres ot I. nnd completely c-iiclns-d into I'uddocks — uiiulmtuhinceof good wnieral nil season- ; the distunci! from Syilri.-y being only four miles, it wouUI lie a desirable residence for a genteel f.imilv wishing to combine the advan tages of the country with proximity to the capital. Possession can on had now. or nnv lima between this ui;d the 1st of January next. Apply to .-a. higcius, C\irn-r nfM'irker 6, Y.'rh--tr*ets, Svditrv. IN THE PRESS, And will shortly be Published, (in Octavo,) PRICE— ONE SHILLING & SIXPENCE. npi-IREE LECTURES ON POETRY, JL delivered in the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts, by William alieckett, Esq., Barrister at-l.nw, &c.; Tlie numerous inquiries for the appearance in The Australian Newspaper of iMraHeckett's third Lecture, as well ns the solicitations of many Members of the Sydney Mechanics' School ot Arts for its publication, have induced thu Pro prietor to submit the whole series in the form of a Pumpblet — tbo prebsure of otlier matters rendering tbe insertion in '/'*?? Australian of the lust Lecture n matter of impossibility. Subscribers' iiniues will bu received by Mr Aloffit, Pitt-street; Air Tegg, George-street; Mr Kvnns, Hrulge-atreei ; anil at The Australian ()IJii:e, George-street. SALES BY AUCTIO N. Postponed from Yesterday. Extensive Sale of Plated Goods, Glass, §c. TO BE SOLD J3Y AUCTION, By W. 3£SebUle white, At his Rooms. Lower Gcorge-strect, THIS DAY, the ;ilst instant, at Eleven o'clock, positively without reserve, 1 ^fh PAIR PLATED CANDLE M.iJ\J STICKS Silver Edges 100 Ditto ditto ditto lied-room, with similes 25 Three branch Candlesticks, with shades .10 Liqueur Krames, Silver Edged fill Cl-llLtS Ifll) Quart Decanters lfll) Pint ditto 150 Dozen ground bottom Tumblers 2110 Dozen plain mill cut Wines 150 Dozen best llutod Tumblers 1 Cusk, containing— Sugar Hasins, Finger Bowls, I'ickl.: Jars, Cut Stilts, llock and Champagne Glasses 1 Cusk, containing — Cellery Glasses, Candle sticks, Vases, Butter Tubs, Custard and Jelly Glasses, Smelling Mottles, &c.; 9 Gross French Chimneys, &c.; &c.; Terms — All Purchasers under i730, cash ; above that sum, approved bills ut three mouths. To merchants, Tradesmen, tyc. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Xsaac Simmons &, Co. On SATURDAY nest, the Hud February, nt their Roams, Ueorge-street, ut Eleven o'Clock precisely, | CASE PINS ?*? 1 Ditto Fancy Cotton Handkerchiefs '2 Ditto Drab Moleskin Trousers 100 Pieces White Shirtiug 1 Case Regatta Shirts 100 'Gross Gilt Buttons 50 Toilet Glasses 6 Morocco covered Easy Chuirs 1 Case Genoa Cord Trouse.s 20 Plated Cruet Frames 20 Dozen Men's Grey Lambs' Wool Hose II! Pieces Superfine Broadcloth 50 Pieces fancy India Silk Handkerchiefs 3 Casks Split Peus 3 Gross Ivory Haying Cards. ALSO, (i Cases assorted Slops, ench consisting of — Moleskin Jackets cud Trousers Fancy Drill anil Woollen Trousers Blue Monkey Jackets Fancy Quilting and Buff Valencia Waist coats Fancy Woollen Coats White Drill Trousers, &c.; &c.; Terms mudc known ut Time of Sale. jftinn, (Cook's itvtbcr* TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By J. 27. Wilson, On TUESDAY, the 5th day of February, at his established Sale Uooms, ut Half-past Eleven for Twelve o'clock, nplIE undermentioned valuable Farm, m. containing by admeasurement 20 Acres. It is bounded by thu Land of E. 11. Statham and Dudley Keith, Esqrs., nnd thu waters of COOK'S RIVER. The quality of the soil is richly .alluvial, nnd well adapted to agricultural purposes — to the Immigrant especially, this would be an excellent opportuuity lor the investment of capital, indeed fur superior to any which could be suggested in a Mercantile point of view, while every evening he would retire from his daily toil in the full consciousnes, of having added another day's in crease to the vntue of his property ; its distance is likewise but trifling from the Metropolis, thus rendering it of eusy access to those who have u business to attend to iu Sydney. Terms and conditions made known at time of Sale. A Plan lies for inspection at the Rooms. Postponement or Salo of Pianofortes, By JT. T. Wilson. In consequence of tbe Auctioneer removing from 71 lo 74$, Otori^-streut, the hale of Piano fortes, udverlUfd for January 30, is unavoid ably Postponed until WKUNliSDAV, the -itb day of February, 1839, wbi-n he. will offer tnr Public Competition, ut lulf- pait Ten for Eleven o'clock, by order of I bo Proprietor, to close Account Sales, at his Kooms, | PIANOFORTE, Metallic Plate, ?*? G Octaves, in un elegant Mahogany Case jj 1 Ditto ditto ilnto of 811HO description 1 Ditto ditto with Eliptic Front, carved legs, lyre pedal 1 Ditto Ditto in handsome Rosewood Case, with open Fretwork. Immediately after u-ltu-lt, 1 Splendid Unind I'iauo, by dementi 1 Si|U-ire ditto, ditto superior tone, tino toilcii, by Urondwood 1 Ditto in iMubognny Cuso, splendid tone, by Dutcher 1 Ditto ditto in ditto, neatly mounted, fino touch, by biodilard. Terms at Sale, To Cedar Donlers ana Others. J. T. Wilson Announces that the Si.le advertised to tak« plare at .Mr Cutler's on VON DAY tbe SUllj Janu ary, t* uu»voidt-Mv I'oi'pnu.d mini r' IU DA Y, ili» 1st Kfbruarv, wliau ho will offer ut the ,-i ue I nue uud place, ALAHGE assortment of Building lUutcriiiU. Particulars in Catalogue. J. T. WILSON will also treat for the sale of the Lease of those extensive promises, kaowu us Cutler's Cedar Vard. corner of Sussex-street, (i-nsc's Wharf, com prising a Htoim J-uildiii$r. 'lib four Kooms. two Collars, wish t«--i I ''tntns i-ac!i. fenced in s,.pur..ii\ iuul invrv iSiiihmic convenience in iMcli ot ih-fii— a i\ ell c- i;ooJ v» ater in tile driest Seasons. TIVO SAW t'HS, sunk and (.'orereil in Sliiiulid lloufe. A Carpentrr's Shop, containing nine IUik-Ii.s, n Counting Mn-ise fitted up with slielvin.-. Ac ; a iritr linns-, fowl bousa, stuhleundK.lt, a detached kitchen for servants. Hacks for 5O.OCO rent of Cedar und r'lunnne; Honrds an- lix. d ; in fact the Establishment is adapted for, and now is doiug SI irtrst l?atr ISusinrss. The Lease is for- Four years from llio '.'5th of Alnrch next. The Collages arc lit at 3s per week, and have uever been known to bt» unoccupied. 'I ennsnnd further |iiiriicularsiiniy be known on application ut the Ullices, tin 74. George-street. *ucror2Ung' UullocJis, £lc. ? TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, Ey 5. T. 'Wilson, At his Uaonis. No 71}. Cienrije.sirent, on SATURDAY next, at hulf-hast Kloven for Twelve o'clock, | SUPERIOR Team of 10 Working Bullocks, in primn condition 1 Ditto ditto of U ditto ditto, said to he one of the best tenms in the Colony Sev-Hral excellent Horses for riding or di aught y Colts unbroken 1 Hair very superior Danish Curriugo Dogs, just landed from u London .Nhip Several Drnys 1 Colonial built Phaiton, patent axle irea, strong build, richly painted uud most iiauilsoiiitly lined 1 1'ony Stnnliopo in prime condition, warranted for \\-J mouths and with patxnt nxle 1 four whrelud Garden Carriage of first-rate style 'I Hugging', very little dashed 1 Superior Cub, calculated for the use of private Kent \\\ ith a variety of otlier Carriages. Terms nt Sale. saHolIoHijonfl: EoUmsJOfcp. J. T. -Wilson Hastens to inform the Public, that he has been instructed to oiler them by Public Auction, on TUESDAY ii.-jjt, the ft til of l\\.'hrtiriry, nt his Rooms, at Half-past Eleven for Twelve o'clock, 1-nvO ALLOTMENTS OF LAND situated in the TOWS OX1 WOUOHuOHC, bounded on the north by Smith-street, 2 chains : on the east by Allotment Nn. (i, .'- chains ; on the south by Allotments Nos. 13 and 11, 2 chains ; nnd on the west by Allotment N.i.!», fj chains to Smith-street; being Allotments Nos. / and 8 of Section No. fj. To any gentleman desirous of erecting a Villa, with the benefit of the sea-breeze and SEA-BATHING, nn opportunity now occurs of rare occurrence ; it is situated u short distance from Sydney on the Coast to the Southward, and will, so noon as Steam-boats are plying-, be within three to four hours journey — to Invalids 'tis invaluable, ns there is no situation in the Colony more salu brious, whilst its contiguity to the Capital ren ders it unnecessary to suffer privations iu any wuy. Terms and Conditions at Sale. $)oti5cr;olti jfurnftuiT. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By J. T. Wilson, Immediately after the Sale of the splendi'l Piano fortes, on WEDNESDAY next, THE Undermentioned Furniture, the Property of a Gentleman leaving for the new Settlement at New Zealand; consisting of— Sofas Chenbnnicrs Tables Couches Dedsteads Chairs. Tied Furniture '£ Superb Pianofortes (used) 1 Harp with Pedals, Music Rest, iu first- rate Condition 2 Musical Pictures, and a Variety of other Furniture, to close Consign ments. Terms nt Sale. In the Nino lioom, adjoining the old. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By S. T. Wilson, On THURSDAY next, immediately after the Underwriter's Sale, THE following MERCHANDISE, without reserve — Kegs of Blue Paint Ditto Black ditto Boxes Cigars Boxes Oil of Spruce Forty boxes Raisins Twenty ditto Valentin Almonds A cpinutity of Potatoes Forty-two cases Claret — Cases Port nnd Sherry — Ditto Chnuipngue Twenty Horse Pistols Two hundred pairs Shoes Two Chain Cables One case whito Shirts Duck Fiocks Ditto Trousers. Bridles Whips Gig Harness Hand Sawy. Powders Casks bottle Juice Four casks Cider Onu patent Savory's Mill Ten casks of mixed Nails, Horse, Shoe, and Clasp Fnucy Vests Ditto Dresses Quantity of Gauze Odd Volumes Bonks Kerseymeres, black and otlier. Terms al Sale. Vor tht' benefit of whom it may concent. TO JPE SOLD ]3Y AUCTION, Ey J. T. Wilson, At his Rooms, No. 74. George-i-treet, on THURSDAY nest, the 7th Jay of February, at half-past Ten for Eleven o'clock, THE nnilerinentiqiieil GOODS, ex Abtl Oourer — Nu* 114 ( S1 Pairs of Jamaged Blankets, 8x4 /1'jii, ix ' Eiceretta,' NoXls- | 100 Pair 8.4 damaged Blankets § No 1J»5 I 13 *'''r ouly JamaSe^ Sxl BUu ) kets Terms at Sale. TO BE SOLD 1JY AUCTION, Ey IVIr Alexander Z-oilds, By order of the Trustees, opnn the i'reuiis^s or Mr (Jeorire Salt Tucker, sitiintH at Hiiilon. ,.t the junction of th.- Hiv*rs I'ii'-htmim mo. I Hunter on SATURDAY, th» '.Hi day -?»' Fdbruury, lt]^9, ut J'-leven o'clock a. m., pr-- cisely, THE whole of the valuablo Stock - iu Trade, consisting of a Inrge assortment of Oils, I'nints, Turpentine, Window (jI.iss, a general assortment of Solt Goods, Ironmongery,. Slops, Hats, and Earthenware. ALSO, THK HOUSEHOLD KUItNI IU RE. com prising the. usual Articles — with a quantity 'if empty casks. Shingles and luths. Likewise, seveial bead of CATTLE. HOUSES, und PICiS, Wheat in Stack, and a varioly of Agricultural ImpUnii'iits. Tliu Terms and Conditions of Sale will bu di - clarod at the Auction. button, Patterson, vSrr. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Mr Alexander 13 odds, By order of the Trustees, upon tbe Premises of Mr (jcor»i- Salt Tucker, situate at Ilintnu, nt the junction of the Hivoru 1'attiTson ami und Hunter, on SATUUD.W. the Dili day of February, 1QJ9, at Kleven o'clock, a. m, pr--. ciselv, subject to conditions of Sale to be ihun aud thuro produced :— Xot 1, ALL that Piece of Land, containing by admeasurement '-' iicros. situated at ihn junction of the Patterson's Kiv.t with tint Huntor. bounded on the west by the Hiver Patterson, comiiit-nciiitr at I be south wost corner of Ihe high rond leading from Ihe. jiiiction of tho Hunter and I'utorson Kivers, to Clarence I'mwii . on Ibe i'ust uud south east by tlrit road, and on the north bv a line drawn from Ihul ro -d to tho Kiver Patterson to include the quantity. ALSO, All that other Piece of Land containing .*- acres, hounded on the west bv (be said roa.l'illi feet ; on the north by a reserved rond-U'5 feet ; on thw south east bv tho Biver Humor 600 feut ; ami on the east by u lino drawn from the said reserved road to the Kiver Hunter iM.'l fuel. And also, all that other Piece of I .nnd now luid out ns (he IJovtriiment hi|;li road aforesaid 66 (eat in breadth, uud forming thu vasleru and southern bound. iry of the. said I'iece of Laud first abovo described with the siiIimIuii. tiullv built Stores. Harn.andollipr commodious and convenient buildings thereon. Tbe locality of this Property renders it of greut aud increasing value and iniporluuco. Xot 2, The remainder of n term of 7 years, com mencing on the 1st July. 183U, at thn Annual Re»t of .£.V-, payable quarterly, in ull those 8 acres of Land at Patterson's Plains, bounded on the north by Patterson's River running west 111 roods; on tbe west by Lund now or latn belonging to John Reynolds, run ning south-east SO roods; on the south-oast by Land now or lute in tbe possession of Cieorge Furber, running east 14- roods ; aud ou tho north- wi'St by Patterson's Uiver running 80 roods, with tbo Messuage or Tenement buildings und premises thereon erocted. Aud nlso, all those 20 aores of Land near to or adjoining tho said 8 acres, bounded on tho north by Ibe Kiver Patterson ; south by land belonging to John Tucker ; on tho east hy Mr T. Lilt's farm ; nnd on tbe west by luud belonging to John Reynolds. LOT 3. Tbe remainder of o Term of Ten Yenrs, com mencing on tbe first of July, 1838, at tlm annual rent of .£100, payable quarterly, deter minnblo by tbe tenant on tha 1st of July IHI.t. in ail that Piece of Lund on the right bvuk of tbe Itiver Pntteraon, Parish of iUiddlehopr , County of Durham, hounded un tbe east by tbo Kiver Patersoti, on the. south by thu Creek, und a linn bearing west 4 chains SI) links, adjoining David I rown's pu'chnse ; partly fenced on the west by a lino buaring north 5 degrees 20 minutes west, 12 chain* 'Kb links, uud on the north by u lint' hearing east 11 chains SO links, adjoining Bodwell't line to (he river ; nnd from ibe ilny on whiuh a Government Head m.iy bp mude through llio Land of Mrs Ward, for the remainder of thn said term of ten years, deturminublH us afore said, in all that other Piece of Land to the westward of the Land ubove described, bounded on tbe east by that Land \M cbnins 2.i links, on the north bv a continuation of ih» northern boundary lino of the 'last described piece of Laud, on the south hy a continuation of tbo southern boundary line of that Laud, and on the west by such Uoverninent Kiiih ns may hereafter bo madi* through the I. and of Mrs Word, adjoining tbe Luud above de scribed. tor a. 11117 Ulli AlMU'U I VI III Ul *J ? DUiat \ji inn imuiruin | in the Store ami Premises late iu the occu pation of Mr luoker, iu ibo Township of Patterson. Further particulars and information mav Im obtained, on application to Mr Tucker, Ilintnn ; tbe Auctioneer, iMaitland ; and Mr Miuitborpe, Solicitor, Cieorgo-Btreel, Sydney. Sydney, 31st January, 1 !!:-'.'. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, On the '31st February, if not previously dis posed of by Private Contract, THE Estate of VARROVrLLF, situuted on the Campbell Town rouu, ?-.. miles from Sydney. This compact mid beautiful Property has proved its value by thu abundance of its crous tliu season. Il contuinx 1000 acres, (ion of which are dented, and '-'^O under cultii-ution, -- con siderable portion being iu Lucerne. Tlie Kami bis an abundant supply nf thn purest Water in several Tanks of great ile|itb, nnd is luid out into numerous Paddocks. The Cottuce is convenient, und an excellent kltcbeu und wnsh-house hnvn t-M(in adilod toil. Thn Out houses consist of Studies. Coach house, Verimdnh Duiry, Store, Hum, &c;, und there it a well-stocked Uurilen ind Vin'vard. Any gentleman wishing to securo a vnluablo ind compact Homestead, will have further ptir iculiirs by application to the Proprietor, on tbe ipot, or to Air F.dye Manning, Sydney. On tho same Liny will be sold, a quantity of [?'arming Implements, Working Mullock?, Pigs, lorso, Household goods, 9H0O Hricks. Sawn Stuff. Sued Outs, about IS tons excellent llev, ind u f«w of Ibu firsl Stand .rd Woiki*. WANTED, To Hccompnny n rnspectible Family to South tuBtrnlui,'!! Voung Woman ns N'irRi'ry Maid, kpnlicutiou to he mude to Me Taylor, at tlw )Uice of lidye Mantling, lisq. 