"Bounty Immigrants." The Governor's remarks (in another column) " on the two systems of Immigration now in force, namely, the Government system and the Bounty system, are distinguished by that spirit of frankness which makes us the friends of his administration-- at least, as much so as we can be the friends of any Government in this colony; for we regard it as so completely subservient to the head clerk of the office of the Secretary of State, that every measure it propounds and supports, and every measure it op- poses, does not arise chiefly from its own opinions and wishes, but from the knowledge or surmise of what will be agreeable to the said head clerk. That head clerk in his corporate capacity, (for like the crown, there is never a demise,) has driven the Canadas by his ignorance and official cupidity, into revolt, wasted their internal revenues (the crown- lands), on the enemies of good government in those Colonies, and he mis-manages, in like manner, the mil ions of free men dwelling in the other colonies; while he himself goes to his dinner every day at five o'clock, after settling the destiny of part of those millions in some point or other, with as much sang froid as if he had regulated the duties of his own office for the next day. Nay, we do not doubt but this Bumbercaucrat feels (though the impo- tency of the feeling permits him not to allow it) that the regulation of the routine of his own office, to be of much more consequence to the empire, than the destiny of the millions which he has just disposed of by the stroke of his pen, and given to it the force of a Russian ukase, by causing the Secretary of State to put his signature to it, without reading what is to prove the exaltation of a few hundreds of his creatures, and the degradation and injury of tens of thousands. While, however, we like the frank spirit of his Excellency's remarks on the two systems of Immi- gration, and especially his candor in admitting the superiority of the Bounty system over the Govern- ment system, we are surprised so acute and candid a man as Sir George Gipps should object to the feed- ing the British Immigrants in the Immigrants bar- racks for a week, on the grounds he alleges. Let us examine them. First, the Governor says, that the Government considers itself under a moral obligation to provide for such immigrants as itself imported; and he thinks that all persons who bring immigrants to the colony are under a like obligation. If the Governor and civil officers of Downing- Street and Sydney united, sent the immigrants to the colony at their own cost, (as the Bounty-ex- porters do,) receiving the premiums for their outlay, which the latter do, then this question, as one of morality, would be on an equal footing. But the Government pay everything with the public money. They bring the immeigrants from their residences to the ships with the public money, at least in some instances--they invariably support them on board ship with the public money, and they support them in the immigrants' barracks of Sydney after their arrival here, with the public money. Yet, while they give a less sum for each immigrant that arrives in health to the Bounty-importers than what they take from the public to import their own, (a fact admitted by the Governor) His Excellency calls on the said importer to yield up his profits, and more than his profits if required, to maintain them in Sydney after their arrival. And the Governor says, that justice and humanity require them to do this, although he admits that, owing to the want of grass and water, no drays could (during several months last summer,) travel the roads without the bullocks which drew them, perishing. (It would be hard to say how many hundreds, perhaps thousands, of bullocks have perished during the last twelve months for want of grass and water.) Now, the Governor must know, that if his view of justice were, from a romantic sentiment on the part of our Importers, to be acted upon to do what he says it is their duty to do, their profits as mer- chants would be dissipated, and a loss incurred in many instances instead. His idea of moral- ity, therefore, tends to one of two things---either that his Excellency should raise the Bounty-fee, or that Bounty-immigration should cease. But if this be the- Governor's view, let him use his usual can- dor, and say so. We object to the bounty being raised, as opening a door to the bounty importers to job and defraud. Let them be paid on landing their immigrants, and there let their duties and risks cease. But here another principle comes to our aid. It is no matter in the eye of the common law of England (which Blackstone says, is the birth-right of every Englishman, and follows him to the colo- nies) how an Englishman falls into indigence; but when so fallen, he is intitled legally to relief, in some shape or other. The poor laws of England have not been abolished; they have merely been placed under new regulations. The poor laws are dated from Elizabeth. But the Act of Parliament only is of that date; the relief which that ancient Act regulates, is as old as the arrival of St. Augustine at Canterbury; for the Church took charge of the poor and fed them out of its ample revenues from Augustine to Henry the VIII, the murderer of the Catholic population. But legal relief is much older than Augustine; for while our Saxon and Danish fathers were still pagans, the feudal chieftains maintained all their aged and decayed people out of their revenues, whencesoever they obtained them; whether by war or inheritance. To abolish the poor laws defacto, would be about as constitutional as to vote away the estates of the ancient dukedoms of Norfolk and Northumberland. In New South Wales, the Benevolent Asylum is our Workhouse, and it is supported chiefly by an annual vote of our Council, in lieu of an assess- ment on the land. And accordingly, we do say and insist, that all destitute free persons of both sexes and all ages being British-born and not aliens, are as much entitled to relief in New South Wales as in England, because it is the common law; and that common law is, in all respects, in as full force in New South Wales, as in England itself; that is to say, constitutionally, practically, and usefully. We care not for the form in which relief is admi- nistered here. We contend for relief, be the form what it may. Convenience, and circumstances, and climate, may regulate the mere form of relief. But let the naked poor be fed and clothed, and the houseless be sheltered, according to the old law of England, which gives the right to the ancient Dukes and Earls of Old England to their feudal estates, and we care not in what shape it reaches the indigent of New South Wales. The poor laws are the dukedom and estate of the poor of old England. So far from agreeing with His Excellency, that it is right to call on the bounty importers to main- tain the immigrants after their arrival, we consider the proposition most unreasonable. The importers received a certain fee, or bonus, or freight, from the Local Government, for bringing men women and children to the colony under certain conditions as to health, bodily capacity, nature of trade or call- ing, age, and sex; and they having performed these, their contract is fulfilled, and they have no more right to maintain the immigrants after their arrival out of their private finds, than the Secretary of State, or the Governor, or Mr Pinnock, have a right to support from their private fortunes immi- grants which they import. We see no weight in another of the objections of the Governor to supporting the Bounty Immi- grants, namely, that he cannot get rid of them out of the Barracks. He can get rid of them. His Excellency means, that it is cruel to stop their food. Nothing that is just is cruel. If it be just to stop their food, or to set them to work, it ought to be done. To neglect to be just is to be imbecile. It is indeed cruel to permit other emigrants, equally the Queen's subjects, to have their food stopt, by their being landed in the streets of Sydney, desti- tute alike of food and shelter. This IS cruel. Yet the Governor knows this is done; and he has not prevented it. He, indeed, charges this cruelty on the importers. We charge it on His Excellency. For, if the importers have no right to feed these outcast strangers out of their private fortunes, His Excellency is the guilty man. If they have a right, then why does not the Governor feed the immi- grants, out of his private fortune, whom he imports ? His Excellency replies, he never stipulated to do so. The importers can, with equal veracity, make the same reply. In their coming report, we exhort the Committee to be decisive on this point. Let their opinion be so plainly and so explicitly expressed, that neither His Excellency, nor the Secretary of State, may affect any doubt of their mind and wishes. The latter having the power, may refuse to do justice; but let him not have the least pretence to shew, that our Sydney Council give countenance to that injustice, We conclude with repeating, that it is contrary to the common law to allow any Englishman to starve who is willing to work, whether he reside in England or the Colonies. The reproachful word " traffic" as applied to the bounty system of Immigration, is in our opinion unjust as well as impolite. It is unjust, because the bounty Immigrants are a more efficient body than the Government Immigrants, and therefore the word traffic if applicable at all, is applicable in a greater degree to the latter Immigrants. The word however is adroitly chosen by his Excellency at the present time, to render the bounty system disrepu- table, because there has been a real traffic in Hill Coolies from India to the West Indies, and to the Mauritius, in which cruelty and cheating were rampant. But, the Bounty immigrants have been as well fed on board ship, and brought in better health to the colony, than the Government Emi- grants; consequently, the epithet traffc, is un- justly applied to the bounty importers. If the bounty Emigrants are allowed by the local government to be turned adrift to starve and beg in our streets, while it cherishes their brother emigrants imported by themselves, let that government be content to incur the disgrace of such impolitic partiality; and not enhance its disgrace by fastening a calumny on the bounty importers, and on the bounty system of immigration. 