FOR HOBART TOWN, ^£§£TI HPHE FINE is HIP ^^&®2gsMs!C H»nry Ajjar, CoraraHniJ-r ppr — ~^f*SiiiriiSrSii» register 7 on ton* ; will sail lor Hohart Town shout the l3tl» instaut. For Freight or Hassagp. apply to -WXX.XtX.aitt DAWES, B/i»/l-Jtr«t. i\opal Victoria Cljcatrr, THIS EVENING, January 3, 1S39, will be performed a Domestic Driinin, in Ibri'e Acts, entitled the DESERTED VILLAGE. After which, the Farce of The Man with the Carpet Bag. To conclude with (for tli» first time in this Colony) a Farce, called Ok l\iflc 25ricjatic. In which MIIS TAYLOR will m»Vo h«r Hrst U|ipeurance sine* ber late severe ucculrnt. I. LAKiR, Uanazer. ANNIVERSARY REGATTA, 1'^O take plaop on the 26r!i January, 1839, to celebrate the Foundation of the Colony. TTmpiros. John Nicholson, Esq., K. N. Captain Deloitte. Stowaids. Ohnrles Gore, Esq. | Dr Nesbett. R. N. D. Rgnn, Esq. (Jnptnin Mo tiro Captnin Church Captain Lester Captain Ooomhes Captain Rouen. Captain Rapson Treasurer. J. D. Pinnock, Hsq. JPixvt Match. Between Gigs pull^ig four ones, not to exceed twenty-two feet in Ji-nijtli overall. First Piize. — .\ Purse uf Ten Guineas. Second ditto. — A Purse of Five Guineas. Entrance, One Gninen. Four Entrances or no Race. To start exactly nt ten o'clock, from a Boat moored otf Fort Mncquurie, pull romiil a Flag Boat planed in Darling Harbour, thence round Clark's Island, ami back to the Starting Boat. Second TVTatcbi Between Sailing Boats, open to all Classes. First Prize — A Silver Cup, and a Purbe of Ten Guineas. Second ditto— A Purse of Ten Guineas. Entrance, Two Guineas Eight Entrances or no Race. To start from the Boat moored off Fort Mnc quarie, and if the wind is not from the West ward, they will run round a Vessel or Bont lying off Dawes' Point, thence proceed round the Floating Light and Sow and Pigs Shoal, back to the Starling Boat. ?X fcird Match. Between Whale Bouts pulling five Oirs, to be equipped and fitted » itli .ill tUc ueud&anry; k]i iltng gear complete, and the Bunts not to exceed the usual Whale Boat length, viz. twenty-seven feet. First Prize — A Pnrae of Twenty Guineas. Second ditto — A Purse of Six Guineas. Entrance, One Guinea. Five Entrances or no R:ice. To start from the Bout moored of Fnrt Mac quarie, pull round Shark Island, and back to the Staitiug Post. Fourth XVXatcii. Between second cliiss Sailing Bouts, not to ex ceed sixteen feet keel. First Prize — A Pune of Fifteen Guineas. Second ditto — A i'urso of Five Guineas. Entrance, One Guinea. Six Entrances or no Race. To start from the Boat moored off Fort Mac qnarie, to proceed round the Flag Boat in Darling Harbour, then round Shark Island and Back to the Starting Boat. rirtU Match. A Sculler's Mutch, open to all Persons, to pull a puir of sculls in the usual Wutermuu's Skiffs. The Prize — A new Skiff, presented by Mr Wyatt, of the Victoria Theatre. The same will be presented to the Winner that Evening on the St«se. The second Boat will receive Two Guineas. Entrance, Five Shilling:). Six Entrances or no Rnce. To pull from the Boat moored off Fort Mnc quarie, round the Flag Boat in Darling Har bour, thence round Garden Island and back to the Starting Boat. *,* All Boats to be entered on or before the 20th of January, nt the Office of the Harbour Master, where the Clerk will receive the Entrance Money, and furnish the Parties entering their Boats with a printed List of the various M -itches, and Rules and Regulations to he attended to, as also hII further particulars relative thereto. Sydney, lit January, \HCi9. Australian subscription library. HpIIli Half-yearly General Meeting J. of the Proprietors of this Institution, will be held at their Knoins, at Three o'clock, on Thursday, thn 10th instant, for the election of Members and other business. THOMAS SHADFORTH. . January 5, 18S9. NOTICE. ALL Persons indebted to Messrs C. L. Neville & Co., or lo Mr Ch«?e- La Fevrp Npville. for (jnoris supplied frnm the Storps nt Coolooc, in the Western Mistrirt of Vh«s. nre requested forthwith to pay the amount to Messrs Vv J. ?Small & Co., of (jnor^e. itrnet. Sydney ; to Mr J. S» l'upps, t'oolooc ; or, to Mr Andrew Aitcheson, now residing at the Stores, for the purpnse of winding up tin* business cxrrted on there. Those parties having been authorised to collect and give receipts, uuv other Payments or acquittances will not be allowed. ?W. T. SMA1L 6. CO. Sydnty, January I, 1889. CAUTION. I HEREBY Caution the Public ngninst receiving hs pityinent uny onltrs ilr»wn hy Hnnry DenuinR, my Overseer, as I will not pay any drawn by him after this date. JOHW JOHWSTOW. Clydesdale, tit October, 1838. WE beg to acknowledge the receipt of the following Hums, townnls lh» relief of the Cabinetmaker and his Family, whose distressing situation is advertised in our pnper. £ ». rf. John E. Manning, F.sq ? 1 0 0 A Widow L.idv ? 1 0 0 Mr M.M.Cohen ? 0 10 O T. Bvrne ? 0 5 ' A Friend ? .' ? O * 6 Ditto ? 0*6 Mr Smith ? O A I) Master 'I'. Jones ? 0 2 6 A.'i ? -? IU a A rnend ? 0 5 0 THE Advertiser, an expeditious pen man, and acquainted with Accounts, is desirous of meeting* with a Situulion in a Mer chant's Counting House. The most respectable references for character and respectability enn b» given. Letters addressed M. I'., Australian Office, wili be immediately attended.to. lit January, 1339. WANTED, A COOK & HOUSE SERVANT. Apply at the Australian Office. WANTED, A STEADY MAN competent to till tlie Situation of A BILLIARD MAKKEIt. X. 8&SDVIU;, Rose 4V Croien Inn, Castlereagh-street . To Tradesmen and Otbers. THE Advertiser, wlio is disengaged after 3, p.m., would be happy to employ bis leisure time in keeping a Set of Books, or Copying Writings. A line stating particulars,' addressed to X. Z.. Australian Office, will meet with immediate attention. WANTED, A STUD GROOM— Wages j£40 per Annum and Rations — lie must jiro duce testimonials of honesty and sobriety. Apply to Edye Manning, Esq., Queen-street, Sydney ; or, to tbe undersigned. robeiit x-.a.W3orr. Black Creek, Hunters River, i!9th December, IU3U. WANTED, A RESPECTABLE young man fur a Country Store who underamnds Bonk-Kuepint; — h« must pruduue uni-xct»ptu-n- atile tosiiinoi.i.ils relnlive to cliaracli r and ability. Apply at the Auction ami Commission Kuains, ToHU nT,AC3£IYTA.V, Urgent Terrace, Hunter. street, N. B ? if liy letter post-paid.' WANTED, A RESPECTABLE PERSON well XjL acquaiutnd with the timber trade, uud.wilh a good connection iu the business, to superintend a vurd, A liberal salary would bn given to » suitable prrsoti. Apply at the Australian UIHce. TO GRAZIERS. Wanted, by a person of experience, A SITUATION as Superintendent, who thoroughly understands tbe manage ment of horses, ctttle, sheep, 8cc.[ the most respectable roferencu us to ability cun' b« given. Apply (if by letter, post paid,) lo J. F., at The Australian Otlicx. Dectmber Stil/i , 1838. WANTED, A SITUATION as Superintendent of an Agricultural and Stouk Estublisbment, by a gentleman many years accustomed to the managumeut of Sloes uud Agricultural pursuits — Salary not so much un object as a respectable situation. Address, post paid, to J K , at 'lhe. 'Australian Otiice. lit January, I83°i Xo Wlicelwrigbts & Blacksmiths. WANTED IMMEDIATELY, by the unil«r»tirnud, two Wheelwrights hii-I one rllucksnnth — No iij-)-liu:ition will he attended to, unless from |iHr*on« possessing first-rule abilities, and having » character' lor strict sobriety. EC. Xtt'eSTrXGAM-, 68, Pitt-strett. Svdney, 31st December. 1838. I^YVQ Gentlemen may be aocommo dHted with lionrd and Lodging in a rsspeciahle familv. The house is pleasantly situate;! iu n healthy pnrt of the town, commnnd in? n tin i' vinw of th» hnrbour, and is within ten minutes walk of tUe public offices. For Cards of address, apnly to Mr Wonlcott. Bootmaker, George-street, opposite the Barrack Wall. TO LET, AN excellent Two-story House situated in the most healthy part of George- street South, containing 15 Kooms, with eveiy convenient Outbuildings for tbe resi dence of a family ; it may be had for the term of four years if so desired. Terms and particulars mny be known at the Offices of the undersigned. I. X. WiXi=iO3X. Derenher 20//i. 1838 LAI73 COVE. TO LET, 700 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, situate at Lane Core, known as Nichols's Hunter's Hill Estate. Apply at the Office of U. K. NICHOLS, Pitt-street, Sydney. N. B. — All parsons trespassing on this Estate, by cutting wood or otherwise, will be prosecuted us the Inw directs. TO JLET, THAT old-established Public House* known bv the slt;n of th» Whertl-Sueat, at the Old Toll Bar, with the License, Buck bouses, unit Premises. For purticulurs enquire at the Itarlev Mow, Park and Castlereagh streets. TO BE LET, For tbB term of Four Years, from the Xst of July next, ALL that Cottage, Outhouses and Premises, known ns the ' Old Cheshire Cheese,' on tut) l-'arrummta Koad, to which Hre attached \iS Acres ol Lund completely enclosed into Paddocks — an abundance of good water at all seasons ; thw distance from Sydney bein^r only four miles, it would be u desirable residence (or a genteel family wishing to combine the advan tages of the country with proximity to the capitdl. Possession can be liitd now, or nny time between this and tbe 1st of January next. Apply to a.. Bzcozxrs, Corner of Market l( York'streets, Sudnry. DESIRABLE PROPERTY. TO LET, For tuch Term as may be agreed on A MOST DESIRABLE ESTATE, containing 2A00 ucres, situate at Ouralla, in tbe County of Murruv, colled 1'bo LongSwmnp Estate, with a good Dwelling-house and other Buildings thereon ; nlso.a good Stock-yard and a f uddock of i/i acres laid out for wheat ; nml also a Haddock contuing 10 acres, laid out lor Hay; also, n Unrden (fented in) of 5 acres, aliout 4 whereof nre planted with 1'otutoeg, and the residue well Mocked with Friut Trees ami Vegetables of every ditBcription. The whole Kstute is well wittered nt nil Sen Rons nml is admirably adapted for a grazing es tablishment. Tbe House contains 9 rooms, and is well cal culated for the reception ofa respectable family. ALSO, FOR SALE, A most desirable UuiUling Allotment, containing ?bout an acre, in Campbell Town, well fenced in. For furthnr particulars npplv to Mr G. It. Nichols, iJttt-str«et, Sydney ; Mr Hurley, Campbell Town ; or tbe Proprietor, Mr Dennis Shiel, Campbell Town. £50 REWARD. St'ilen or Strayed, from Bungarrabee Estate, A BLACK MARE, aged, about fourteen hanils high, has on« fore foot white, and tbe two bind feet white, branded under tbe saddle nearside K A Chesnut Filley two years old, not branded, with long tail, out of lbs above black mare AND A Black Filly yearling, not branded, out of tbe bluck mare. The above Reward shall be paid by tbe un dersigned, if stolen, on conviction of the offen der or offenders, and if strayed, a Reward of Five Hounds, shall be paid 'ou the delivery of tbe above mares, .at Hungarmbee ; or at Air Cbar e* Smith's, Oeorge-stree'j Sydney. 7OHST WI18ON. Gtnrge'ltreet, \ Sydney, January 4. 1839. S £5 REWAKD. STOLEN OR STRAYED, from the Swamps, Maitland, on or about tbe Oth ot October last, a well bred Bluck Mar*, heavy in foal, or has foaled, hranded O on tbe neck — a well-bred Chesnut Mare with unbealed wound in off shouldei, exten line from collar to knee, has the appearance of having been bsdly blis tered on tliut lrg. ALSO, A dark bay Vending Colt running witli the above. Whoever will give sucb information as will lead to their recovery, to Mr Cox, Unicn Hotel, Mxitlund, shall receive the above reward ; and a furt her sum of £~0, on the apprehension and conviction of any person or persons unlawfully detain ins a I or either of them £50 KuWARD. A BAY MARE, ajjed three year*, blank points, branded L E off side of neck, was stolen from my Estate, Berry Park, Hunter's River, about five weeks since, and is supposed to be in the neighbourhood of the .Hawkesbury. A Reward of Fifty Pounds will be paid by me on conviction of the thief; Any person found in possession of the Mare after this Notice will be prosecuted JOHN XSHXiTta. Svdney, December 13, 13S8. £8 Kb WARD. XiOSt or Strayed, from GtUong;. WHEREAS the following Horses have been Lost or Strayed from the above Stution, any Person giving information where they are to be found, will receive the above Kewurd, by applying to Mr John Hurly, Campbell Town ; or Mr Kdwnrd Walsh, Vass. Description. One chesnut Mure, long tail, branded under the mane WS One bay mare, branded on the shoulder (in verted ) $ One chesnut Colt, three years old, branded (inverted) j One cliMsnut Filly, two years old, star in forehead, branded (inverted) ^ One bay filly, one year old, branded (in verted) j One bay Horse, branded G under the mane One black Horsw, four venrs old, branded on shoulder (inverted) j, white blank in forehead. Galoiig, Necemhcr SO, 1838. Stolon from Cramptan's Sotel, ON Saturday Evening, or on Suit day morning last, a Danish Bitch, spot ted black and white, with young, answering to the name of Moggy. Whosoever will give such information as will lead to the apprehension of the offender will receive Five Pounds reward. H found to have strayed, will receive Ten Shil lings reward. December 1\, 1838. Stolen or Strayed, FROM IVIt.BEllFORCE COMMON, \ CHILTON bright Chestuut Mare, £jL four years old, not branded, about fifteen hinds high. Ten Pounds Kuwnrd will be paid if Stolen, upon tbe conviction of the party; and, if strayed, Unu Pound will be paid upon the delivery of the Mure to Mr John Dunston, or Mr Richard Dunston, Publican, Windsor. Wilbert'nrce, Drremher 2K, 1 8SR. FOUND, A MEMORANDUM BOOK with a promissory Note, a Ticket of Leave and a Letter. Any person producing satisfactory proof of ownership, enn have them on paying tbe expenses of advertising. Geitrge-street, Sydney, » I5t/i December, 11)38. ( SHtsft Srrfbefc, ELEGANT Papie Mache Trays, in sets Beat Japanned ditto ditto Ditto ditto Cash Boxes Ditto ditto Imperial Dish Covers, in sets Ditto ditto Percolators, Roastini; .InfaWs «-i Ditto Planished Tin Imperial Dish divers Onto ditto Soup Tureens, Coffee and Teapots \ lnrge assortment of Kancy Jelly and Cake Moulds Puttev Pans, Boxes of Paste Cutters, and Paste .luggers. T, &. IW. WOOILET, No, 76, George-street, S; 4 and 5 King-street. January 3. 1839. CEDAR FOR SALE, IN the Lojj or Board* cut to any dimensions, and Sold at the following prices : — Half inch Cedar, nt U\t\ per foot Tune quarter inch ditto, at»Sd per ditto One inch ditto, nl 3Jd per ditto One and a quarter inch ditto, at 4d per ditto One and h half inch ditto, at ad per ditto Two inch ditto, nt ti.Jd per ditto IK7- Shipping supplied, and Country Orders puuotually attended to, at X. SSILICK'S, Vailing Harbour. January t, 1039. ON SALE, At tbo Stores of tbe ITnderaifrnod, WOOLPACKS, Wool-bagging and Sewing Twine t'wo-hushel Hags Striped Shirts Duck Frocks and Trousers Hlnnkets, 8-4 9.4 1D-4 1'jrpuulins, 16 iHili 10 A variety of U lues, iu wood and bottle lirHiHly Kuni Colonial and Xpgroheud Tobacco Hysoukiii lea Mauritius Sugar Colonial Soap An assortment of Millinery THOMAS tT. XLVSEiR. /fi/nter.jlreet, November l«l/i, 1838. Boat Derveut Slack Potatoes A FEW TONS of these Potatoes, perfectly touild, are for Sale at thu Housh of the undersigned, for Nine Shillings per cwt. TBOMAS VT. TOBT, Steampacket'Hotel, Parramatla. For Sale, A SECOND STZE BTLLIARD TAULB, with Italia, Cuos, Lamps, and Counting lioanl, complete. Inquire nt the Jolty Miller, co ner of Liverpool and Suciex itreuti. ONT SALE, At tbe Sbow Roaini ortbe TrnJerstE-ned, DOUULE-BARRELL Fowling Pieces, in best mahogany cases Single ditto ditto ditto Pistols, in cases Flint and Percussion Fowling Piuces, single and double. ba-rel Ditto ditto Pocket and Holster Pistols Military Holster Pistols Tower Muskets and Blunderbusses Kifies Syky's double and single Shot Belts and Pouches Powder Flasks and Cleaning Hods - Holsters. T. *. nx. woox.x.i:y, JV.i. 76, George- street, If 4 and o King-street. January 3, 1839. £osfr &m;, imtst inaitlanli. P; J. COHEiV, ? or tbe hose inir, maitland, TiEGS to return his sincere thanks _U for tbe patronnge he lias received during the past year, and hopes by his strict attention to the comfort of his Guests, hs well hs the economy of his charges, that be will still con tinue to rec-ive their support. P..I.C b-gs further to acquaint tbe public, that he has obtained the Contract for the Dar lington Mnil, and thut Coaches will start every day from the Rose Inn, Maitland, and also from Cullen's Inn, nt Darlington, at One o'clock p.m.. arriving at e'ther place at Six p. ra., »n hs to be in time for the' sailing of the Steamboats to Sydney, or proceeding hy tb«* Up-country Mails , and although this arrangement has ail. led con siderable expence to the proprietor, uo addition will be made to .the price charged. CAMPBELL TOWN. P. FENN&1L BEGS leave to return thanks for the constant patronage extended to his house during the past year, and begs to inform Families, Provisional Gentlemen, and Travellers, iu ge- neral, that he has removed from this Kstahlish ment the who!e of the Miiil Conch businxss, »nd will now he utile to aecuru to his cuatonwrs that quiet and certainty of accommodation so neces sury to a Family Hotel which the Mull and Couching business so frequently interrupted. Suites of Apartments, the Best B«da, and certain Stable accommodations. I be Cellars of the House have been re-stocked with every article of tbe first quality. Postponement of Sale at Mr Perry's, Cherry Tree. ON account of the Transfer of License, the Sale will take place on MONDAY* next. SAMUEL SOLOMONS. January 1, 1839. Four Thousand Five Hundred Acres. J'. T. 'Wilson A NNOUNCES to the Agriculturists /I of N'en- South Wales, that he lias Imen instructed to offer them the remainder of a seven ve»r- lea*e ot one of the finest Farms in tha universe — con-sislins of four thousand five hun dred acres or rich land, u short distance from Ciuuphelltown, and n-ithin fifty miles from Syd ney. This Land will be let for the remaining four And a half venrs of tbe Lease, nt the moderate rental of £1'25 per annum, payable quarterly. One hundred bead of HORNED CATTLE may be also treated for with tbe Farms, which have h»Pi selected from the celnr/rated Sogvnhon Stock, and are allowed to be tbe finest Cattle in this Colnnv. To offer anv remarks after this brief detail of tbe extent of Lund and Stock would be, in tbe experienced opinion of tbn Auctioneer, perfectly useless ; still, it the newly arrived Emigrant or Speculator in Farm Property shouid require to establish a Farm, or-a splendid Homestead, no opportunity ever did, «r ever will occur. wb»rein may be invested oapital with equal safety, equal prosperity, equal certainty of wealth and tuda pendence. Terms are liberal, and nil particulars may be known at the Office', 74, Georsrn-slreet. SALES BY AUCTION. &ilbtv; pate & glatrttoaire. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By J. T. Wilson, TO-MORROW, the 4th instant, at his esta blished Sale Kooms, at half-piist Eleven for Twelve o'clock, THE undermentioned PLATE, by direction of a Family proceeding to England— 13 Large Pinner Forks, silver 8 Ditto ditto ditto IS Dessert ditto ditto 12 Table Spoons ditto ditto 11 Tea Spoons ditto ditto A Salt Spoons 1 Soup Ladle PLATEDWAIle. 1 Large Circular Waiter 1 Small ditto ditto 1 Large oblong ditto 1 Cruet Stand and Dottles,? holes I Pickle Stand ditto. S ditto 1 Liqueur ditto ditto, 3 ditto 1 Egg Jiito 1 Teapot, Cream Ewer, and Sugar Basin 1 Pair Table Candlesticks 1 Ditto ditto, with branches 1 Ditto Snuffers and Tray 1 Ditto Chamber Candlesticks. Terms declared at Sale. JBriiurnt potatoes, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, ? By J. T. Wilson, On SATURDAY next, tbe Ath instant, at Messrs Aspinall and Browne's late Wharf, at Half-past Eleven lor Twelve o'clock pre cisely, Qfl TONS more or less DERWENT mi\J POTATOES of a very superior qu l.ly, and iu first-rate condition. Terms declared at Sale. Cutter ' &mil;)dlcw' TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons &. Co. At the Mart, Gporge-street. TO-MORROW, the 4th January, 1H39, at Twelve o'clook punctually, comprising — a vjJT^= nPHAT well-known, fast JMwB3j*i=i -I- sailingCutterKOt/HELZ-d. jMSsprafoST* 17 tons register, coppered hot 5stK5aS^» tomed, »B elm now lies, with all *R&ii22.VI;&r; her Stores, etc. Bl ay be inspected at Uettingtou's Wharf, Miller's Point; and Terms known uf ISAAC SIMMONS *- CO., Genrfe-ilrcrt. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION By Isaac Simmons A. Go.,. On MONDAY, the 7th January next, at Una o'clock, at their Mart, in tieorge.slreet, 9 DURHAM BRED COWS, each *?* having a bull calf by her side, und recently arrived from England. These animals are trniu some of tbe best Stock iu Yorkshire, as will appear by tbe Pedigrees that accompany them, and though appearing in low condition after their long voyage, and from having given milk during tbe whole period of it, good judges will have no difficulty in appreciating the admirable poiD'F ?( these tine animals, and will find tboiu w.M. .orthy of their notice. To Stonemasons, Quarrymen, Hit Htl- ers, and Others. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTIONr, By* Isaac Simmons -Sc Co. Un the Premises. Sussex-jtreet, un I UK-I)AV, 8th Jauuurv, 1 H3V . at Eleven n'rlock pre ci«elv. by order or* tlie Alongngce, com prising— AA'ALUABLE Alh.tmetit of Lun.I, witli Cottage nnd other lttiildiu£i tliereon, situate and heinsr on Hie F.iKt siile in' Stiv.,.*. stnmt. III SvcIiihv, hoiindeil on the west hy ih-- said street ;i.i IV--1 4 inches; un th« s -uti- Bv ?-Hlh Hawker's jiremises r.'ll feel 9 Inches; oa the nurtb by rhu premises ut .iHines Marts MX feet ;' iiiL-hes : und ml the east hy I liomus Jiin-'»' ?9 le-t B inches, be the several dimension* a little inure or less , anil ndiniraldv situate nexr the corner of Market-street, und iiiunediaieU opposite the Market Wharf, and in the vicinitv □f th« extensive mercantile estaHlishmenis of Messrs lluxhes mul Hoskmg. There is u anli stantial built Cottage contui'iin;; four rooms, and tiro small tenements in the reur, now rented for los per week. ^ Terms — Twenty per cent deposit on the full of ih' hammer; anil the rmnainder of the pur chase money, upon conveyance of iha Properly to the purchaser. Cbnriot & Gle; Harness, X,adlos' A. C-*ti- tlemon's SHddla-i, Weymoutb, P el- bam A. othur Bridles, Hunttnt Whips, £l XOO dozen Spurs of tUe latest Xiondin faslxioni- and Improvements, ox ?? rrnnclu spaiglnt.' now dlsclia- exilic, WHICH WILL I«R SOI.1J HY AUCTION Sy Isaac Simmons &. Co. At the Man. George-street, ou MONDAY, the 21st dav of January, 11)39, at Kleven o'clock, consistigg of — NO. 1. — 10 Sets of Gig Harness, patent leather pads, winker's and collars, piped lugs, slitchxd nosebands, single hreerli ings, polled loop, bit and curb, uuJ brown huud purt No. 'J. — 10 Sets Gig Harness, patent lentlier pads, polled bi's and curt-9. stitched nose bands, split breechirigs and brass fnniM No. 3.— 10 Sets tit); Harness, patent leather pails, winkers and collars, raised loops and split breeching*, half piped winkers and stitched nosehamls, brass fume N'o. 4 — 1-- ditto ditto No. r-. — It) ditto ditto No. £.— 3 Sets of Chariot Harness, patent leather pads, collars and winkers smiie limsli hh No. 1 3 Sets Chariot Harness same finish as No. '2 No. 7. — o Sets Chariot Harness, bast ditto No. '5 No. 8. — 10 Pain Men's Saddles, No. 1 2 1 Ditto ditt» No.'.' 2D Ditto ditto No. .S No. 9.— 10 Ladies' Side Saddles, No. 2, quilted Rhfe«. slipper, girths, circiimles anil l»«ihern No. It).— 5 Ladies' Side Suddles, No. 1 ditto ditto 5 Ditto host ditto No .'i, qiiltod sent* und safe* with circinglvs, slippers, girthi und leathers No. 11. — 5 Doz^n double Weymouth Bridles, £ — } rein* ft Ditto ditto ditto $— J reins 5 Ditto best steel J -j reins I Onzvn polished Pelhmu Uridlea, 5 —'J reins 1 Ditto ditto twiHted 2 — J rein* I Ditto best ateel ditto £ — j reins 1 Ditto ditto J— J reins 1 Ditto plain 4—} reins 5 Ditto plain po'ished Snnlil* Bridles, 2 rein*, plated buckles 5 Ditto twisted ditto J reins 6 Ditto Flat Martingales and neck ' Straps with 1| silver plated rings 6 Ditto sewn round ditto 6 Ditto best round Dock Cruppers, pitted buckles 20 Ditto Huntintrand Riding; Whips assorted, with polled and brass hammers .SO Dozen best Spurs 60 Ditto ditto plated ditto. Terms nt Sale. In offering Ibis valuable Consignment of Harnsss &c.; to the notice of tbe inhabitants of Sydnny. und up-country Gentlemen in par ticular. I. S. &' Co. feel they would not be doin g their duty to the Importer, were they not to stntu that the whole of this Snle has beim selected with gre-.it' care and judgment, by a most competent Saddler, from one of Ibe first Houses in Knglnnd, without regard to price, that having been mado a secondary object to the spirited Importer. The quality and description need only be seen to be apprpcintpd, having oil the latest improve ment, comhined with first-rate fashion and workmanship. Lmlies iu the hahit of taking horsR exeroiae, will find imnng this collection tbe best Side Saddles now in the Colony, buying been got up with quilled safes and seats, pur posely to give that ease and elegance, to tlit rider, which cannot be acquired by any other now in use. Co clode Qcrotmttf. without azsmivE, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTrOIV, By W. XXebblewhite, At bis HooniR, I.owpr George-slreel, on MON DAY next, 7th instant, at Kleven o'clock precisely, . , | BALE BLACK LASTING ?*? 80 Pieces bleached Linen Drills ?in Ditto unbleached ditto 1b Ditto Brown ditto :?O Ditto fancy Htriperl ditto 20 Ditto bleached Cotton ditto 41 Ditto 66 inch Linen Ticking IU Holts strong Hugging. Terms — Purchasers under £30, caih ; nbova that sum, approved bills at three months. 13OO Vine Woolled Btaeep, In the district of Yass, without tlio least Iteservo. ?W. Hebblewhite Has received instruction* to Sell by Auclon the above number of Sheep, (in ronspquuuuo of the owner leaving for Englund) at Iim Kooms. Lower George-streot, on TflUIi-«» DAY. 10th January, 1039, at Twelve o'clock precisely , consisting of— t oft YEARLING EWES ?U' 173 Two-vpnr old ditto 1 50 Three-year old ditto 19t- Mixed ditto 16 Hams, rcrv superior 840 Wetbi-rs from two to tliree years old ?tOO Luinbs Togotber with nil the -HunllM. Huts, Sloclt vardi and She«p Station.' The above Sheep are p-»rfeatly clpnn, autl warranted never to'hsTO kuowo dueast iu mnf shape whatever. , WV , , _ , Terms &c;, mads known at tfojj, «f &ti;*. SALES BY AUCTION. Tbe fine fiost-aatllar barque Elizabeth. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons &. Co., At the Mart, George.street, TO-MORROW, the 4th January, 1839, at Twelve o'clock punctually, comprising— HPHAT well-known fast-sailing barque A Elizabeth, 195 tons register, teak built and newly coppered, has superior accomodution for passengers, well found in stores, trad carries b largo cargo. ALSO, Tbe fine fast-sailing schooner Susannah Aim, A 1, nowly coppered with twenty -ei^ht ounce copper, with all her stores si abe now lies, her ?ailing qualities being quite unequalled by any- ' thing of uvr tonnage now in .port, and carries a large cargo. ALSO, Three Chronometers, by firal-rate London makers I. S & Co. beg to invite Shipowners to sn inspection oftbeabove vessels/feeling convinced from the known nailing qualities of them, they aro not to be sui passed out of this Port, and (or the Coasting -Trade oftVr Hilrantoges-rarely to'be met with, carrying much larger cargoes than their registered tonnago ; and vessels of this de scription are seldom being brought to the hammer. Inventory of stores, masts, yards, flee, will be produced tit the time of sale, or can be inspec ted at the Offices of the Auctioneers previously. asm X-Ulon'a Sittburst Hotel, In the Xowxntblp 'oT Xelso, an exceedingly Valuable Property of nearly Eiffht Acres, TO BH SOLD BY AUCTION. Isaac Simmons «Sb Co. HAVE received -instructions from the present Proprietress to dispose of the whole of-tbia splendid -Establishment by Publio Auotion. TO-MORROW, January 4, 1839, at Twelve o'clook, without tbe least reaerv«,-iu 4 LotB, comprehending— &OT; X. A Batcher's Shop containing four rooms, and bock lluildings containing two rooms, with -well, &c.;, having a 'frontage of 60 feet, by a depth of 670 feot. . MT Zt. The unfioishad Stables intended -for Twelve Horses, but which may. be converted into an ezcnllent two storied boose, having a, frontage of 130 feet, by a depth of 670 foet. &OT; 3. A substantial Cottage and four back Cottages, containing four good rooms ; a Baker's Shop containing four rooms, with well of good water, &c.; LOT ?? All those extensive newly-erected two-storied ' premises, well known to gentlemen and tra vellers, as Dillon's Bathurst Hotel, ', being one of the most respectable Establish ments of the kind in this Colony, and pleasantly situated on the Roxburgh side of the Macquarie Kiver, now in fall trade, and in the occupation of tbe above, (whose good taste blended with domestic comfort, is too well known to need comment,) having spent a large sum of money upon the inferior fittings, to make it a Family Hotel and Tavern ol' the first class, for which it is centrioally situated, in that moat import ant Township. These desirable Premises, possessing a most commanding appearance, and having a Veran dah both back and front, comprise on the first floor an entrance Hell 84 fuel by 8 ; two Parlours uoarly fourteen feet square ; capacious Travel lers' Uoom; four large lied Itooms; superior ilar, Top Room, Butler'a Pantry, 13 foet by 9 ; Brewhouse, 24 feet by9; and a Kitchen 24 feet by 9, fitted f-ntiruly in the English style. Second Floor, u Drawing Kooni,25feet by 14, witb a balcony in front-; prinoipal Bed Chamber, 15 feet by 15, and two smaller ditto, 14 feet 6 by 3 1 fe«t 9 i contiguous to tbe above is a substan tial five-siall Stable, Store, Laundry, Fowl House, Piggery, and Rubbit Warren, together with a largo Garden in fine cultivation, an ex cellent Well of Water, and about 'three acres oi l-and well fenced in. Tbe management displayed by the Proprietress in the conducting of this truly valuable Esta blishment, has boon the theme of every traveller visiting this House; and to her superior judg ment rnajr be attributed the reapectable Families who continually sojourn there from the fatigues of a town life, at the same time having all the comfort of a retired home. An enterprising in dividual following the system already pursued, cannot by possibility fail in realisiug a large fortune in three or four years. To do justice in attomptiug to give in detail tbe innumerable highly important advantages possessed by this Kutate, is more tban I. S. and Co. can profess to do 4 tlmy therefore content tbemaelvps with enumerating a few only, leaving tbe fortunate purchaser tbe pleasing task of finding himself agreeably surprised on an in spection of this truly valuable Property. The valaablo Household Furniture, Stock, Ate, will be sold by Mr I.isoorabe, at jiathurst, 00 Monday, tbe lOlti January next. Full particulars and terms (which will be ex ceedingly liberal) may be known by applying to the Proprietress, on the premises ^ MrLiscombe, Auctioneer, Uatburst ; and at Isaac Simmons and Co'*. Auction, Land, and Katate Agency Office, George-street, Sydney, where (at either place) Plans of tbe Property may be inspected. I»aao Siuhbobb A. Oo.'s first Sheep Bale or tna season. £ighteen hundred JEmcs, selected from the Flocks of Sir Francis Forbes. Xsaao Simmons & Co, HAVE been honored with instructions to bring unreservedly to the hammer, at the Auction Mart, George-street, Sydney, on FRIDAY, 1st February, 1839, at Eleven o'clock, comprehending— BOO Bores front two to two and a half yean old, to lamb their first lamb in Maroh. £00 Ditto four years old (in lamb). 600 Ditto aged ditto 1800 Isaac Simmons fc Co. beg to remind newly arrived Emigrants and Gentleman about to oommenco Sheep Farming, aud others wishing to add to their establishments, that such bu op portuuity for the purchase of fine Sheep seldom occurs. The respectability of the owner is a guarantee for the quality of these Sheep, but as it 1b a stock which so rapidly increases, it has bsen proved over and over again that it is better to sell the surplus than get overstocked. This is the only Inducement which influences most Proprietors of Sheep at this season of the year to sell, and experiences proves it to be the most ludicions practice. ' - These Sheep . are warranted free from all disease, perfectly sound and healthy, and for young beginuers in this best of all Investments, this really golden fleece of Australia cannot be surpassed, and I. S. & Co. have no doubt they will command the prompt attention of GenUe tnen intending to get into Sheep Stock. They are now running on Liverpool Plains, where they con bo inspected after the I Oth January neat, on application to tbe Overseer io «harft. Termi at SaW. The whole of the Cargo of tbe Ship ?? IIUUI,11 from Manilla. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons St. Co. At the Mart, Georpo-street.on MONDAY, the 7tb January, 1839, et Eleven o'olock, without the least reserve, consisting of — ft O O O SUGARS, O V \3 \3 aa und6r_ R87 Mats, about 40 tons good Sugar for families 6700 Ditto, about 280 tons Sugar for Grocers 449 Ditto, about SO tons strong Urewer'a Sugar 500 Ditto fine white Table Rice a OO Ditto Coffee. 8736 :~ Terms, wbicb are exceedingly liberal, as under : — Under £50. Cash SO and upwards S months 100 S and 4 months 200 3, 4, und 5 months 300 3, 4, 5. and 6 munths 500 5,4, 5. 6, and 7 months by Bills tubject to the approval of the Auc tioneer. tJ- Tbe bulk may be seen any day at Moore's Wharf, and samples at Isaac Simmons and C'o'n. Offices. Six Hundred and Fifty Ewes, run ning at Gammon Plains. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons &. Co. At the Mart, George-street, on MONDAY, January 7tu\ 1839, at Eleven o'clock, com prising (iPLfk AGED EWES, more or less, vleJU 300 of which have Lambs by their sides, and the remainder will lamb in March next. The above Ewes have never been dis eased, and are in the finest possible condition. Terms at Sale. ?ZSSft Sheep, of tile far-famed breed ?of Messsra Cordeavuz, Cooper and Xovy, and Captain Cogbill'11, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons 6c Co. At the Mart, George-street, on MONDAY, tbe 7tb of January, 1839, at Eleven o'clock, com* prehending — O^.f| EWES, two years old &**' SpO Ditto three and four years old and ' aged 10 Rams, very superior, Mr M'Arthur's breed S35 Wethers, fifteen months old 135 Ditto, twenty to twenty-six months old 180 Ditto two- to three years old 74 Ditto three to-five years old 1384 The Ewes are in lamb to Mr M'Arthur's Rams, and will Iamb early in March. Tbe whole are in excellent condition, and -warranted never to have been diseased. They are now running at Nimitabelle, Maneroo Plains. We particularly advise -intending purchasers to inspect for themselves the qualities of these Sheep, as any comment from the Auctioneers would be quite superfluous. Terms at Sale. One Thousand roar Hundred and rifty Wethers. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By A* Polacic, On FRIDAY, the 11 tb day of January, at bis bazaar, at Twelve o'clook precisely, THE undermentioned Wethers, free from disease — 150 - Fifty months old 130 — Forty-two ditto 400 — Thirty-six ditto 400— Twenty-six ditto 470 — Fifteen ditto 1450 Depasturing at Wellington, -where they will be delivered. Terms liberal, made known at time of salo. a.000 has bo&itjss; cattid. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By A. Xtolack* On FRIDAY, the llth January, at bis Bnzaar. at Twelve o'clock precisely, by order of the Proprietor, Charles Bsydell, Esq., lftOO HEAD of Horned Cattle, of Av'VfVF the following description, viz : — 500 Cows 150 Bullocks, three years old 150 Heifers, two years old aud upwards 200 Steers Now depasturing at Llangollen, abtmt one hundred and twenty miles from Mailland, where they will be delivered within one month of the day of Sale. Terms made known at time of Sale. ftosir $im, jg^asft. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By A. Folack, On MONDACV, the 2lst day of Janusrv, if not previously disposed of by private contract, ALLthut first-rate brick-built House and Premises, so yvell-kuown as tbe Hoso Inn, at Yass, standing without any exception, on the most eligible spot in tbe Township for busi ness, being next to the Court- house. The Rose Inn contains eleven rooms, finished in first style, three of which are eighteen feet by fourteen, and eleven feet clear between floor and ceiling, witb a cellar under tbe Building nine feet deep. Detached are erected a atone-huilt kitchen and threo rooms, together witb a 7»n stall stable, and the requisite out-buildings for such an Establishment. A. Polack in bringing under tbe notice of tbe Publio this truly valuable Property, begs to re commend it more particularly to the attention of parties accustomed to public business, as tbe Premises have been erected, without referenco to expense, wilh the sole view of making it a firat-rate Country Inn, so highly desirable in the public thoroughfare in which 'it stands. The Proprietor's exertions in carryiug these into ef fect havo proved successful, and he can now without fear of contradiction positively asaferl, that from the capabilities of tbe Establishment to atibrd accommodation to Travellers and others, the Hose Inn stands pre-eminent on the whole line of road from Sydney through tbe County Argyle, to tbe New Settlement, &c;, conse quently to any party desirous o( commencing in Ibis line of business forthwith, bave-now an op portunity of doing so with little trouble, but every certainty of realising a handsome compe tency in a short period. It may bp well to add that under tbe New Act, Licensed Publicans are tbe only Persons permitted to sell spirituous liquors in any quantity, no mean ad r nut age to Innkeepers in thu interior. TL-is Property is sold solely on aceount of the ill-health of the Proprietor. Further particulars and terms on reference to .the Auctioneer. Eleven Hundred Ewe* witb Iambi by Ibolr aides. TO B£ SOLD BY AUCTION, Bv A. Polack, On FRIDAY, tbe 1 lib day of January, at the Hazsar, at Twelve o'clock precisely, by order of Mrs Aspinall, relict of the late Edward Aspinall, Esq.,. 1100 EWES» with &na; strong Lambs by their side, having I.ambed in October— 700 Three years old 400 Four years old, warrauted sound healthy Sheep, in good condition and fret) from all disease. A. P. frets much pleasure in being able to state, that these Sheep am deserving of particu lar attention, having been selected in July last, with great care and judgment, from the well known Flocks of Charles Cowper, Esq. and are now only parted wilh in consequence of the la mented death of the Proprietor. Terms and further particulars made known ou reference tb the Auctioneer. ' rifteen Hundred Sheep in the Bathurst District. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By A- Folack, On FRIDAY, the llth January, at Twelve o'clock precisely, at hts Rooms, 1 ^lOO SHEEP» tlie property of A. AvW Kemmis, Esq, consisting of 500 Ewes, to Lamb in March — one half two years old, tbe oilier half two or four years old. 1000 Wethers, two and a half to four years old chiefly four years old ; And now depasturing at O'Connell's Plains, where they will be deliverd by the 1st day of February. Terms made known at time of sale. A fine alluvial Farm of Fifty Acres on the fertile banks of Man grove *Creek. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By A. Polack, At his Rooms, on THURSDAY, the 24th of January, at Twelve o'clock precisely, ALL that Fifty Acres, more or less, situated in (he County of Northum berland, on tbe right bank of Mangrove Creek, on tba River Hawkeaburv'1, bounded on the north-east by Mangrove Creek ; on tbe east by a line bearing soutb seven chains twenty links ; on the soutb by a Hue bearing west twenty-two chains fifty links; and on the west by aline bearing north thirty chains eighty links to Mangrove Creek, being a Grant from the Crown. A. P. is fully aware the above valuable Farm is too well known in the fertile district in which, it is situated by nature to require any comment to enhance its real value, as it is bounded by a well-known navigable Creek, which disembogues itself into the Kiver Hawkcsbury, and is conti guous to the Farms of Messrs Jenkins, Wood- berry, Everingham, Cbeeseland and others, and also nearly adjoining the Government Re serve, intended soon to be formed into a Township ; a Brook also runs through the centre of it. To the Emigrant Agriculturist with a family, such another opportunity of commencing farm ing with a comparative trifling outlay, with the certain prospecu of success, cannot frequently be expected to occur ; consequently such a prospect should not be lost sight of by those who are anxious for an independency to enuble- tbem to leave their offspring careless alike of the smiles or frowns of the world. Terms made known at time of Sale. Twenty-two fine Alluvial Farms on the Banks of Prospect Creek. Mr A. Polack Has been instructed by tbe Proprietor to submit to public competition, at Twelve o'clock pre cisely, on SATURDAY, thu Snd day of February, at bis Kooms, TWENTY-TWO FINE ALLUVIAL FARMS, lying and situate in that never failing fertile District of Prospect, commencing on the south side of Kenyon's Bridge, and bounded on the east by the' high road leading from Parramatlo to Liverpool, (via ' La Re traite,' the Estate of Captain Dulgarno); on the south by Mount Erin, the property of J. Ryan Brenan, Esq., Police Magistrate, &c;, flee ; on patt of' the west by tbe Estate of the Reverend Thomas Hassail ; and on the north by Prospect Creek, on the opposite Bank of the Alluvial Farias of Messrs Tarlington, Hammett, P. Downie, J. Nichols, W. Blower, and others. TbeBU Farms have been marked out by Mr tvnapp. Surveyor, with that degree of judgment which is generally attributed to him from tis general knowledge, and vary iu contents from Twenty to Thirty ucres each, agreeably to locality. Twelve of them are bounded by the main Prospect Creek, which it is well known was never dry, leading from the main road, herein first described, with water frontages varying from upwards of a quarter of a mile. The remaining Ten are bounded by tbe aforesaid high roud, fronting tbe Estate of the late Reverend Samuel Marsden, and contiguous to Veteran Hall, the seat of William Lawson, Esq.' A. P. in thus giving a simple description of this most valuable Landed Property (being the only Land now to be purchased on Prospect Creek) entrusted in bisoharge to dispose of with out reserve, is perfectly awuretbat the situation of Prospect is too well known to require the least eulogium ; suffice it to say, that tbe same District has furnished the Colony with that inex haustible source of agricultural and dairy pro duce, vegetables, fruit, from tbe earliest date to the present time. He therefore considers further remarks unnecessary, as the Lands now offered for sale are well known to be deep alluvial soil, at tbe date hereof mostly covered with Apple Tree, and known by the name of ' Apple Tree Flat' — a never failing proof of very ricb Land, as witness the adjoining celebrated Kenyon's Orchard and Uorden, standing on a less quantity than the Lots now offered for public competition, and what has prodneed to its industrious owner, an annual return of several hundreds of pounds, which will, no doubt ere long, amount to thou sands. It may not be amiss to observe that Bricks, if required, will be delivered on the Lands at 25s per thousand, and sawn Timber of every description at 25s per oent. under Sydney prices. Tbe Surveyor's plan lies for luspeotion at the Office of the' Auctioneer, where further parti culars may be obtained. Splendid Villa Allotments, at Mr Darling's Point. A. Polack Begs to inform the Publio, that in consequence of tbe New Stone Bridge aoross West's Creek, nt tha bottom of Council-hill, on the South Hesd Road, being now complete, and tbe road greatly improved by levelling, that at Twelve o'clock, on SATURDAY, tbe 2nd or February, he will ofler to Public Competition, at bis Rooms, SUNDRY VILLA ALLOTMENTS, situate in that highly ruspectable neigh bourhood of Mrs Darling's Poiut, wbicb liu con tiguous to the estate* of Major Mitchell, Sur vttyor-lienernl, C. D. Riddell. Esq., M.C., Col. Wilson, Chief Police Magistrate, M. W. Lewis, Colonial Architect, James Holt, James Dunlop, M. Clarke, J. Woolley, J. Hoskmg, Robert Futter, Esquires, &c.; &c.; Further particulars will be notified to soon as the Surveyor has com pitted the Survey snd Plans thereof. To Linen Drapers, Hosiers, Huber dashers, and Others. ^ 3\. T. Wilson Announces that be has been instructed by a (jenilfm.ui, recently arrived, to offer for balo by Public Auction, Tills DAY, the 3rd day of January, 1859, at Eleven o'clock pre cisely, and without the least reserve, tbe Proprietor intending to follow other pursuit*. A MOST SPLENDID ASSORT A1ENT of GOODS, selected with great care by one of thu bt»i judges in London, con sisting of — Ricb Chiutz Prints, new style Ditto ditto Dretses Ditto bold-sulud Chintzes White and colored fancy Jeans Ditto ditto autteen ditto Ditto ditto Stay ditto Superior Linen Drills Fancy Trouserings Kerseymeres Cashmeres Broad Cloths Superior Frock Coats, fashionable cut Elpbinstone Dress Coats, ditto Ricb Hiding Habits, silk akirtinga, and most fashionably trimmed Summer Suits Ditto Boy's ditto Gentlemen's fine Shirts, grass-cloth frouts, linen collars and wrists Linen Diapers Huckabacks Ditto Nursery Diapera Ditto Table ditto Ladies' and Gentlemen's Hosiery White Cotton, Worsted, and Angola Hose Brown, while, and coloured Half-hose A most costly and select stock ot Silk Hosiery A well laid in Htock of Haberdashery, comprising every article in the trade Bonnets Hats Caps Plum and figured Gros de Naples Saliuu and intin Turks Ricb Coronation Shawls Gauze, sarsnel, and satin Ribbons Slops Shoes Hats With a variety of other Property, too numerous to particularise. MERCHANDISE. J. T. -Wilson Will Sell by Auotion, TO-MORROW, the 4th day of January, 1839, at his well established Rooms, the undermentioned Merchandise, at Eleven o'clock precisely, Oft CASKS SUPERIOR BEEF ?Jvr 50 Ditto prime Mess Pork IS Tons Derwent Hay i Ton Bees Wax 118 Boxes Window Glass 3 Cases Plated C&ndleaticki; 10 Nests of China Trunks A quantity of Java Sugar Ditto Mauritius ditto Lamps, a great variety Britannia Metal Ware Shoemakers' Knives '2 Cases Saddlery 1 Ditto Whips 6 Casks Hardware i Cases Writing Deska and Dressing Cases 1 Case Tinware 1 Ditto Japan ditto 1 Washing Machine 1 Patent Mangle 60 Bundles Hcop Iron 1 Case Clocks An assortment of Watches, now landing 8 Bales of Paper A quantity of Paper Hangings: S Cases Looking Glasses 1 Cask WiiiHS and Liqueurs 1 Ditto Liquor Frames Terms at Sale. wasro. &$?© (QiiiDiBia* 3\. T. 'Wilson Will Sell by Auction, immediately after the Sale of Beef, &c.; TO.&IOUUOW;, the 4tb of January, 2OO D0ZEN superior PORT, in ^ C»es 180 Dozen ditto Sherry ditto 100 Dozen ditto Claret 50 Casks bottle Ale S3 Ditto ditto Porter A quantity of Cider, in 3 dozen casks With a great variety of other Winea and Spirit*. Terms declared at Sale. $atucit'* plains. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By J. T. 'Wilson, On TUESDAY, the 15th day of January, at his Established Sale Rooms, at hulf past Eleven for Twelve o'clock, A Farm consisting of Six Hundred and Forty Acres iu the immediate vi cinity of Patrick's Plains, aud situated ou the opposite side of the RIVER HUNTER. It is bounded on all sides by Crown Lands and abuts on the reserve of some Thousand Acres in extent for the TOWNSHIP OF DARLINGTON, thus rendering it a Cattle nnd Sheep run of the first class ; it is also proverbial for its never failing supply of forage, even in the dtiest sea sons, and it is a positive fact, that during the long drought, with which this colony has been affected, that Bullocks have been procured from TbU Land of Plenty, weighing on an average from fiOO to 8001bs, and for agricultural purposes no spot in the Colony can surpass it, the soil being richly alluvial. It is surrounded by the well-known properties of Mr Johnson, Mr Scott and Mr M'Dongall, whose names are quite sufficient to prove its valuable locality. For further information apply at the Offices of the Auctioneer. Title a purchase from the Crown. Terms and conditions at Sale. jfarm, (Eaok'sf SRiber* TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By JT. T. 'Wilson, On TUESDAY, the S8nd day of January, 1839, at his established -Sale Rooms, at half past Eleven for Twelve o'clock, THE undermentioned valuable Farm, containing, by admeasurement 2(1 Acres. It is bounded by tbe Land of E. H. Statbam and Dudley Keith, Esqrs., and tbe waters of COOK'S RIVER. The quality of the soil is ricblv* alluvial, and well adapted to agricultural purposes — to the Immigrant especially, this would be an excellent opportunity for the investment of capital, indeed fur superior to any wbicb could be suggested in a Mercantile poiut of view, while every evening he would retire from his daily toil in the full con sciousness of having added auotber dtiv s increase to the value of this property ; its distance is liSewise but triSing from the metropolis, thus rendering it of easy access to those who havu a business to attend to in Sydney. Terms and Conditions made known at time of Sale. A Plan lies for inspection at tbe Rooms. Xo the A rlatocracy ofAustruUa, Specu lators in X.an-l, Lovers of Interest, Admirers of Scenery ana Fathers orramiles. JT. T. 'Wilson Announces that be has been instructed bv the Pruprieter to dispose of by Public Auction, on TUESDAY, the 8lh day of jonunry, . 1R39, ut his extensive Rooms, No 74, Cieorge street, at half-past Eleven for Twelve o'clock, TH E Undermentioned valuable Landed Properties, the first parcel of which is situated at A'fitr TOH'X. And is laid out in six valuable allotments in Plan No 1. as follows : — Lotl. Contains 2 acres, 0 rooda, in perches; ha« a frontage of 160 feet to the Cook's River Rnad, and bounded nn one side bv the splendid Pro perly of the Hon. R Campbell, M.C. x.ot a. Contains 2 acres, 1 rood, 29 pprcbvs ; is bounded also on on» side by thu splendid Property of the Hon. R. Cumpboll, M.C, and a frontage of 160 lent to tbe Uovtrnnipnl Road, which is now beginning to hb coni|tletud. X.ot 3. Contains S acres, 1 rood, 'J9 parches, and has a frontage of 160 feet to th« liovernment Road mentioned io last Lot, and bounded on either sides bv Lota 2 and 6. Xot *. Contains 2 acres, 0 roods, 1* perches; and has a froutnge of 16 feet to the Cook's River Road, aud is bounded on either side bv Lots 1 and 5. X.ot 5. Contains 2 acres, 0 roods, ta pprcbes; has a frontage of itiO fret to the JLIook'n Hivtir Roxd, and is bounded on either side by the Property of Air H. Macs, and Lot 4. £ot 6. Contains 3 acres, 0 roods, 14 perches; baa a trontnge of 160 f«et to the Government Road mentioned in Lot 2, and on either side by the Property of Mr H. Mace and Lot S. Tbo above described Property on Plan No 1, it is almost needless to say, is situated in the fHost S&ealtf;)!? Otstrirt of New South Wales ; it is bounded on all sides by tbe Lands of Gentlemen whose spirit and enterprise are proverbial through the Colony, and the rapid improvements they are making is a sufficient guarantee thtit tbe Allotments now offered will double in value by the expiration of the year 1839. To old residents 'tis not necessary to point out that New Town has long been selected bv the tlite of Sydney, as tbe spot where they may abide in peace, and seek repose apart from the din of this busy city, where they might steal to Ibe quiet cot, and renew their wearied framss — where they might Inhale the V or eat Air that nature ever gave — where they might rasure the health of themaelvu, their consorts, snd their children. It is indeed an established fact, that while tbe n-liole of this Capital him been suffering under one of tue most fatal diseases that ever attacked a Mutropolis, that the residents here have en joyed tbe blessings of health in One Continued Stream. The Scenery from these Allotments is beyond description, magnificent ; and the Auctioneer feels, that although he has viewed tbe unbounded Lundscape from the spot, thai 'tis not in bis power to do justice witb his pen, still tbnre ure some beauties which nevertheless 'tis his duly to endeavour to pourtray. First then, it must be borne in mind, that this Land having the highest elevation of the Neighbourhood, commands an immense extent of LANDSCAPE SCENERY; ia the front is seen winding its sinuous course in geutle ripples, tbe -Ea\m ffii!3atErs of ffoolfa Ktbrr. while further in I lie dintance is tbe wide expanse of BOTANY BAY;— bs tbe eye roves farther from its homo, the bold HEADLANDS ere seen towering aloft, aud looking down in frowning Majesty on the Bosom of the Mighty Seep, while ever and anon the attention is arrested by tbe passing of the little Vessels from this Wealthy Mart to the distriots of Ulawarra and Bateman's Bay. On the one aide is the beautiful Villa and Pleasure Grounds of A. B. Spark, Esq, in un bounded view of Hill and Dale, forming one of tbe finest Landscapes nature ever psinted ; on the other The church, tbe Gardens, tbe Cots, of the Residents laid out witb splendid taste, give life and variety to the scenerv, whilst in the rear of (be Estates of Petersham and Annandale, witb an unlimited extent of country, may be looked upon with never ending joy. To Gentlemen desirous of establishing them selves in respectable society, an opportunity is now offered to them. To Guardians requiring to invest the capital «ntrufted to their oare, 'tis a most desirable chance, and to speculators in Land nothing requires to be said. Plan No 2, consists of 6 Allotments, btauti. fully situated on tbe North Shore of tbe HARBOUR OF POUT JACKSON, XotX. Contains 1 acre, 1 rood ; is bounded on one side by the valuable property of T. Barker, Esq ; on another side by tbe Government Road, and has u frontage thereto of 060 feet, and a very extensive frontage to Port Jackson, looking into Cureening i)ny. Xiot a. Contains 1 acre, 0 roods, 20 perches; has a frontage of 49U feet to tba aforesaid Govern, ment road, leading to the Township of St Leonards, and on the other aides by Neutral Harbour and Lot S. XiOt 3. Contains 1 acre, 1 rood, 20 perches ; is boundsd on one side by tbe property of Mr Brown; and on the other sides by Neutral Harbour, tbe reserved road, and Lot 3. &ot; *. Is boundsd on three sides as last lot, and en tbe fourth, bv Lot 5, and contains t acre, 1 rood, and 20 perches. Xiot S. Contains 1 acre, 1 rood, 10 perches; has a frontage to each end to Neutral Harbour, and the Government Road, ana on eitbsr side* by Lot 4 and 6. xot e. Contains 1 acre, 1 rood ; is bounded on three sides by the Government Road, tbe property of J. Weller, Esq. and Neutral Harbour, and on the fourth eido, by Lot 6. Plan No S. contains 6 Allotment* delightfully situated on thu margin of Little Sirius Cove, and is bounded on front by Little Sirius Cove, on the right by the properly of Jsmta Holt, Esq, in the rear by that of Ambrose Hallrn, Ksq, and to the left by that of Messrs Millard &c; Liudley. a n r Lot 1 contains 1 0 SO S 1 OU 3 1 O 16 * I OU 5 1 O SO 6 1 O 36 In endeavouring to nfier a f-*w remarks upon thislaiid, J.T. W. would prefnethy saying.thitJie lua never been mummed witb a Sale of Property so well deserving the attention of Capitalists, Merchants, aud others connected with shipping interests, as to tut- one now brought under their nutice; it is, as will be seen by the Pluus, formed chiefly of the bead lauds jutting forth in the very centre of roRT x&czcsoxr; harbour. The Allotments of Plan No S. have deep water, say 10 fathoms alongside, and wera origi nally purchased for Private Wharfs. For thu Establishment of Ship Builder's yards. Whaling, Coopering, or other Premises, these Allotments offer an opportunity at a trifling ex pense, which never cuu occur again, as nil the Land in* tbe viciuity of ^ydney Cove, having water frontage, is disposed of. This spot is also peculiarly adapted for the erection of Marine Villas, and as tlie Town of Si Leonard's is fast progressing, its valuu must daily increase ; the road thereto passes through - tbe heart of the Land, and is, in tact, tbe only passable road to it ; the ground is of firat-rate quality, and tbe Allotments are arranged of sufficient extent for gardens, pleasure grounds,' &c.; lh« purjty of the air is not surpassed in tbe world, and tbe scenery has been justly said to rival in beauty tbe much admired HARBOUR OF RIO DE JANEIRO. On tbe north is overlooked a richly wooded country, studded thickly witb the residences of thu private gentlemen of Sydney ; on ilia east, tbe Mays, Inlets, and Islands of Port Jackson, in all their eudless variety ; on the south the Town of Sydney, witb iu costly and majestic build ings, and the bason of the Cove ladeu with the wealth of various' nations; whilst to tbe west, the Parramalta River, with her host of trading Craft, and an extent of fflHouli anil 2i2Hatcr *rtnrrs. form a tout ensemble — much easier imagined than described. Purchasers of Land, for interest's sake alone, should examine well the merits of this Property* It is a certain investment — ensuring a return by increase in value of FIFTY PER CENT, PER ANNUM. It is adapted to purposes without end, and to avoid, therefore, too lengthy and tedious an ad vertisement the Auctioneer respectfully solicits the Public generally to view the Land, 'prior to tbe day of sale. Terms highly liberal — Conditions of Sale. Plans at tbe Office, No 74, George-street. Postponement of Sales of the ?under- mentioned valuable 3/aitland and other Properties. J. T. Wilson, In reference to a former advertisement, announces to tbe Australian World, thut tbe extensive Sate of the iWaitland Property, has been un avoidably Postponed until TUESDAY, tbe 15th day of January, 1839, when be will dispose of, to tbe highest bidder, at his esta blished Sale Rooms, at half-past Eleven for Twelve o'clock, THE undermentioned PROPER TIES, viz :— Six Allotments of Land, in the flourishing town of Maitland, each having double frontages, with a depth of five chains, upon which ar« ereoted good substantisl Cottages, and are now let to weekly tenants at from 6s 6d to 7s each. It is in the immediate vicinity of tbe Roman Catholio Chapel, Cox s Inn, and the Murket placu, while at tbe same 'time it abutts on tha PAKE MIBEKV£, designed by nature, (with a trifling assistance from art) to equal, if not to excel, tbe celebrate \- GARDENS OF VERSAILLES, while odoriferous breezes, enchanting scenery, ond aristocratic locality, will shortly render it the grand promenade for the fashion, rank, and beauty of the southern EL BOa&DO.; A Plan of the nbove may be seen at the Rooms of tba Auctioneer. ALSO, A valuable House snd Grounds, together with all other Buildings thereon, necessary for tuo carrying on a first-rate Butcher's business ; tbe Property is situate in tbe main street of WEST MAITLAND, having one hundred and twenty-three feet front age thereto, with a depth of ninety feet back to its boundary, the SLXVSa. BTOTEIU Comment on this Property is unnecessary, as in making, known that these were tbe premises of the late John Hoskins, the Auctioneer con siders will be quite sufficient to enlighten even tbe most disinteiested as to its intrinsic value. Immediately after the Sale of tbe above, the following Properties will likewise be submitted to public competition, namely — Eighteen Years' Lease of twenty A ores of rich Land, bounded on tbe north by Cook's River ; on the west by John Webb's Land ; on the east by Martin Cooper's Land ; and on the soutb by the waters of Botany Bay. ALSO, A portion of tbst invaluable Property, known as WAINE'S GRANT, being Lots o and 10 of an original Plan of this Property, and is situated iu tbe most delightful psrt of New Town. ALSO, Four Allotments of Land, situated on the New Town Road, adjoining tb« Property of L. Duguid, Esq., and separating it from tbe well known house called the Pigeon House, late tbe Property of George Caveuugh, Esq. Z.OtS 1 *. 2, Have a frontage of fifty feet each to the Cook'a Kiver Road, with a depth of two hundred and five feet back. iot 3, Has twenty-four feet frontage to the same road, witb a depth of one hundred and f try-fiva feet back. Xot «, Has a frontage of one hundred feet to a reserved road, leading from Sydney and Cook's River Road, with a depth of ninety feet back. To offer remarks upon the value and eligibility of this Land , tba Auctioneer deems to be a waste of time; suffice it to say, that it is situated in tbe most aristocratio part of the Colony, within fifteen minutes' drive of this flourishing city, and offers, for the erection of Villas, or a land speculation, an opportunity for investment of capital not likely ever to occur again. Tbe Title is of tba best description — Tbe Terms ar* libsral — aud the Plans may be suen at tbe Offices, 74, George-street. PURE SAXON RAMS. James Byrnes Has received instructions to Sell by Anction, in tbe Market Place Parratnatta, on TUESDAY, the 22nd of January, *U1O TW0 YEAR OLD SAXON «*vfv HAMS, with their Flaeces on, in Lots of Five or Ten, to suit purchasers ; they are from the celebrated Flocka of tbe late W. E. Riley, Esq., of Raby, and warranted pure blood. J. B. begs to call tbe attantiou of Wool Growers to this rooit favorable opportunity' of improving their Flocks, having at once the means put within their reach of introducing both pure blood and a long staple.. Tscdm made known at the time of Sale. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,^ By Mr TJodds, On FRIDAY, the 18th January, at the Union Hotel, Mailland. FROM twenty to thirty Working Bullocks, with Votes, Bows, and Chain* completH Drays, Carts, a variety of Agricultural Inrp'-a. ments, together with a various cjuanjityof Household Furniture A few Brood Mares and Horses, tha property of a Gentleman about to leave tbe Colony From fifteen to ttr«*niy tons of Messrs Barker & Hallen's Seconds Flour. ALSO, r A small Klnck of tbreu hundred Young Ewea warranted free from diseBse A Portuble Thrashing Machine, with, a Piuno and a variety of Household furniture, &o.; Terms of Sale — Under £.S0, cash ; above that sum, approved endorsed hills at three months. ENTIRE HORSES. THE VALIANT HORSE'' WBiMLaxj-B0-;Dsra * WILL Cover this Season, and travel trom the Proprmtor's Farm at Appin, to attend every ninth day, at Mr Crisp's Publio House, Myrtle Creek, the remainder of tbe time at tbe Proprietors, whera there are good paddocks . and plenty of water. ? WELLINGTON isa beautiful dark bay, with - black points, and dappled, stands 17 hands tiigb, u tbrt--- years old. tie was got by the Cleveland Horse out of a Hector Mure, i» warrantml to draw two tons on any fair road, and to trot fifteen, miles in an hour, carrying twelve stone. Terms — One Mare, £?£ 10s. — Two or more, the Property of the same individual, £S 5s.— Grooruagv, 5s. Paddocks Gratis duriug the Season. Tbe undersigned will not be accountable for the safety ol'any Mart-s,or for any accident that may happeu, but pledgbB himself they shall re ceive every attuutton. Payments to be made on or before the 1st Jauuary, 1839 LAURENCE DARCY. Appin, October 18, 1838. TO STAND THIS SEASON, At Yast and tlie Neighbourhood, of which notice will be given, the Thorough-bred Horse, DUKE OF ARGYLE. THIS Horse, which is allowed to the finest Colonial bred Horse ia the Colony, was got by Emigrant out of Kitty, a well-known Marc by Steoltrap, out of a thorough bred Mare imported by Dr Douglas. TERMS — Three Pounds; Fir* Shillings Grocmage. Yass. - 30th August, 18S8. f TO STAND THIS SEASON. At Mount Pleasant, near Campbell Town. THE BOXtSB A Dapple Chesnut, rising five years. This splendid Horse is allowed to be one of the fastest in New South Wales ; he was got by Old Whisker, out of a thorough-bred Hector Mare, which was sold at Mr Blackwell's Sale, a, few months aiuce, for the Sum of £90. Also, the Horse, WHISKER. Stands sixteen hands and upwards ; he is a bright bay with black points, rising four years, own brother to Chester, stands open to run any,. Horse in New South Wales a Steeple Chase, for from .£50 to j£lOO, over nine stiff fences, carry ing at least, not less than 13 stone. The conditions for the above Horses are, £2 15s each Mare ; an allowance will be made for more tban two Mares, if the bond fidt property of one owner. If any Mare should not prove with foal,' they will get the Horse the next- season free. Good paddocks, well-watered, gratis. The undersigned will warrant that every atten tion shall be paid to the. Mares put to his charge. Payments to he made to Mr Benjamin Warby, on or before the 1st of January next. NOTICE. THE Public are informed that MR EDWARD COGHLAN is no longer au thorised to receive any moneys on account of this establish ment. Australian Office, J December 28, ' 1 838. J NOTICE. \ MR Charles Osborne is appointed Collector to this Establishment, and will give the usual receipt for moneys paid to him. Australian Office, \ December 28, 1838. $ CAUTION. THE Public are cautioned against purchasing any Numbers of The Australian from any of the Runners of this Establishment. Australian Office. Agents for this Paper :— Bathurst ? Mr Fitzsimmons Bcrrima ? Mr James Habpr» Campbell Town ? Mr H. R. Rsddeh Ulawarra ? Mr Hvams Jerry's Plains ? Mr Capi-s LimestonePlains&Manero; Mr A. Mosits Liverpool ? Mr W. Pritckabo Maitland ? Mr P. J. Cojibn Parrnmatta ? Tttr Hooii Taylo* ( Penrith ? Mr A. Fra2KK Port Phillip ? MrW.P.PunuEBiNO Windsor ? Mr Labak Wuitb Yass ? .* ? Mr E. B. Ghbrn. rjgf Collectors for Sydney, Messrs Gbobob Moss and Charles Osdobne. The above are the only individuals (except at - the Office of Publication) authorised to receive Moneys on account of the Proprietor of Tub AosTRALtAN : they are furnished witb printed Receipts, bearing the signature of A. COHEN. Edited, primed and publiabed by ARRiutM Coiisx, ol Ccortn-qfrcet, Sydooy, Frlntrr. Sole Proprietor, »« Ttxr Aumi»1I»u Office, William sod Adelaide Viva. Qeertfa- fCreet. , 