AUSTRALIAN Marine Assurance Company¿ A GENERAL MEETING of the <? Propuetors is requested at the Office on WEDNESDAY, the 6th March next, at twelve o clock, to elect a Director in the room of Thomas D. Edwards, Esq., who has disqualified. Qunlifiicatiou for a Directoi-Ten Shares. No Proprietor can bo put in nomination at the day of election, if fourteen days previous notice have not been given to the Board of Directors that he is a Candidate. II. BELL, Secretary. Bridge-stm', February 6,18S9. NEW ZEALAND TRADE. MUSKETS GUNPOWDER SHOT and BULLETS TOMAHAWKS AXE- mid HOES KNIVES and SCISSORS IRON POTS. The Undersigned are able to offer to Shippers the above in uny quant ¡tips at wholesale prices. T. & »I. WOOLLEY, Corner of. King $' George-streets. Febniarv 11 tb l8 9. TO BE SOLD, ONE of HoltzapffePs best Rose Engine TURNING LATHES, fitted with o «ni, eccentric, compound eccentric, straight line, uni- versal, oblique, spherical, geometric f.nd compound geom-tric chucks,and upwnrdso.'one hundred other brnss and steel chucks, sliding rests, d-ills, tools, &c;, and comprising every requisite for pei forming the most elaborate work. Several of the more curious chucks and rests are so constructed as to he readily adnpted to any Lathe ; and nmnteurs and others muy avail themselves of so rare nn oppor- tunity of selecting such slide rosta and tools, drilling lathes and drills, die slocks, sawing and grinding machines, and turning and carving tools, as they may lequire. A largo quantity of prepared Ivory and Black Botany Bay Wood, with a variety of other Articles, may aiso be lind. The whole is in the most perfect condition, ? nd forms one of the most extensive and valuablu collections to be met with, and would be n most ndvnntageous investment for any Gentleman re- turning to Europe. Cutnlogues and further particulars may be seen on application to Messrs. Burdekin mid Hawley. Sydney. 13" Early application will bo necessary. coopers' wann. FAMILIES are informed that the Undersigned continue to supply every Article of Cooperage, manufactured on their own Premises. If the price is not less than that usually churged, they can warrant the ninterinls and workmanship. T. M. WOOLLEY, 76\. George <y 4 Sç 5, King-street. February 11th, 1839. Fine Flavoured Cigars« BEARING the Manilla Government Stamp of 1837, lobe had at COCKBURN & CO'S., Tobacconist, Georqe-street, opposite Jamison-st. Feb. 11, 1U39. OOK.KEEPBR WANTED. Apply by letter only to T. & M. WOOLLEY, 76, George-streel., . Feb. 11,1839. CommUsai tal Oßet, Sidney, v Fahrun y I lill, Iii.-!!). ¥> ÊQUIRED, ' the following Articles .fl*» of Convict Clothing, for which Tenders will ho received nt this Office, until Thursday, the 9th Instflpl, at Noon, viz. 2.100 Pain-öF Mens' Shoes, braded 1,10 i Shirts of Striped Cotton Samples to be sent to the Ordnance Office, whore tin) Article's are to he delivered, ns soon us possible after the acceptance of the Tender. (Signed) W". MILLER, D. C. G. 1,000 DOZEN BOTTLED ALE f PORTER, Always on luind, EN Prime Condition, for family use, a* the Stores of the undersigned, selected from the Stocks of the most approved English Brewers, at 12s. per do?en. Devonshire Cider, in first rate order, t<*g. A few dozin cases (Destourmell) Orst quality Claret, the^finest ever brought to the Colony Hock, rich and mellow (Hochhuimer lfl'<¡6) in lj mid 3 dozen caso 4 Every other description of Wines, in wood or bottle, at modornte prices Also, Brandy, Hollands, Rum. &c.; Ks» Shipping or Country Ordeis punctually atleuded to, and carefully executed. ALSO t'Oll SALE, A few £ in. Boards. H. A. RICHARDS. 5, Bridge-st-eet, Î February 4, 1R 9. J Building- Allotments for Sale, in the Harbour and Township of Woollongong-, Illawarra. 'fHIRTYONE ALLOTMENTS, averaging thirty leet frontage, by one hun- dred and thirty to one hundred and eighty feet bnck, of whi h eighteen have frontage to, and are bounded by the Harbour of Wollongong. The above are well adapted to Mechanics, Boat builders, Speculators, nnd others, being situated in the Town of Wollongong, and forming ono side of the bason or harbour, and whore the Government is now engaged in the erection of a Brenkwnter, mid far advanced in the completion and excavation of the Dock for the reception and security of Steamers und other vessels ti nding to and from Illawarra. If not sold privately, the allotments will be disposed of by Public Sale on a fuluie day. For particulars, apply to A. B. SPARK. EXTENSIVE SALE OF LAND, In the District of Illawarra. THE Estate of BALGOWNIE, con- sisting of One Hundred and Thirty Allot- ments and Farms, varying from ten to eighty acres ; bounded by the pacific ocean on the east, and Major Mitchell's line of road through the Illawarra District, and only lying a mile and a quarter distant from the rising and populous Town and Harbour of Wollongong. The land generally con- sists of large tracts of cabbage tree, bangale, and other brush land, intermixed with forest land of the richest description, and well watered in seasons. The cedar and other timber are allowed to be of the best quality in the district, and of great value and growth, and coal has been lately discovered in various parts of the property. The situations of the different farms have been selected and arranged with the view of combining some of the finest prospects in the District with fertility of soil, command of water and other great advantages. The great south road from Bulli to Wollongong passes through the Estate, and is part of the intended line of road along the coast by Port Aiken, George and Cook's River to Sydney, and when completed will place Illawarra within twenty five miles of the metropolis. Mr. Knapp is at present engaged in an exten- sive survey and subdivision of the property, and when the plans are ready for inspection (which will be in a few weeks), the greater portion will be sold either by Private Sale or Public Auction. In the mean time, the land can be viewed, and all information received on application at Balgownie ; or to A. B. SPARK, Sydney. Near Cook's River. THREE ALLOTMENTS of LAND, consisting of upwards of Twenty-seven Acres, and situated within twenty minutes walk of the NTew Church nnd n tend 3d Heservoirsforthesupply of fresh water to Sydney, and hnvintr frontages to the new line of road over Cook's Uiver.to Illawarra. The above will he divided into Allotments, to suit purchasers, and a liberal credit given on ap- proved bills. Application to be made to A. B. SPARK. Sydnen, February 8, 1839. Wollongong, Illawarra. A NEAT COTTAGE, ,with half an Acre of Ground, and having a Pond of Water, on the Allotment. This Cottage is situated in the Town of Wollon- gong, and in the principal street and thoioughfhre into the centre ol'the District, nnd is within five minutes wnlk of the Government Wharf and Dock in the Harbour. A liberal credit will be given on approved bills. Apply to A. B. SPARK. SAl.ES BY AUCTION. MERCHANDISE. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY T. W. SMART, "this Rooms, in George-street, on the 16th In- stant, at Eleven o'clock precisely, FORTY-ONE pieces superior Brus- sels Carpeting Ten enseâ Townbend's Tints One hundred pairs 7 4 Blankets' One hundred ditto 9-4 ditto One hundred ditto 10-4 ditto Five hundr. d pieces yellow Nankeen Printed Silk Lama Handkerchiefs Cashmere and Duvcney Shawls Cashmere Scarfs and Handkerchiefs Crape Handkerchiefs and Shawls Twenty pieces Silk Handkerchiefs 'I wenty ditto < otton Tick Six y pairs French Stays With-numerous other goods. Terms declated at time of sale, Horses, Cattle, Carriages. J. t. WILSON Will Sell by Auction, at his Premises, No. 74}, George-street, und pos tively without the least reserve, the undermentioned Horses, Cattle, Sec. on S.ituiday next, the 16th Instant, at 13 o'clock precisely, ONE Grey Entire Horse, by Hector, 16 hands high, splendid figure and action, 5 years old. One Bay ditto, black points, 15 hands 13, 4 years old, off. One Buy Saddle Horse, Four Ilorees, quiet in single or double harness. One Bay Colt, 16 hands high, 3 years old, has run in trares, by Steeltrap, out of à Catnorton Mare. Two Timor Ponies, fine condition. Three handsomely painted Pbietons, double Bodies. patent Axles, richly lined, and fit for immédiate use. Two Dinnels, Lon lon-mide, superior. Three Stanhopes in line working condition. One Team of 7 Bullocks, with Dray, Harness, Bow. Vokes, Chains complete 'Two Mi'king Cows, now in full .Milk. ' One pair splendid Danish Dogs, just landed from London. , Terras at Saler ÔAI.&S; BIT AUCTION. Sheep aud Cattle. TO Bß SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION, BY Sé T. WILSON", On SATURDAY! the loth day of Februarv, t83P» ni his Sale Booms» nt half past 11 for.12 o'clock, the undermentioned Sheep and Cattle, namely» A MIX ED Herd of Cattle, contain- ing 3 io Head, nnd consisting of Bullocks, Cows in Calf, or with Calves by their sides, Heifers and Steers from l8 to 3D months old, And a few Yearling Cattle, and are now depas- turing on the fertile plains of Menarooi AFIER WHICH, 4.)0 Ewes, two years old, to Lamb in Mardi, 5.">;) Ewes, 3 years to full- mouthed first flocks 490 ( in Lamb, to Lamb in March ; these two 630 I havo their hist increase by their sides, and about 2t)()0 Wethers from 10 to SO months old. The whole of th.-se Sheep aro warranted per- fectly sound and healthy, and never k'iown to hav? been diseased, and are now on us good Huns, and uuder as careful hands as any in the Colony. Torms-Highly liberal, and will be declarad at sale. Land at Surry Hills. L T. WILSON, ANNOUNCES to tlie spirited Pro- prietors of Land in the above district that he has been instructed to bring'to the Hammer on TUESDAY, the 26ih day of February, nt his Booms, J4J Geoige- street, at 12 o'Clcck, Bnd without reservation, v . ¿_ 5>2i_(_3 ©£? a>_,S3S)a Situated us abovp,. bounded* on tho east byi the reserved Botany Bay'Hoad 2? feot; on thë'iôuth, by a line west, ona hundred and fifty five feet, more or less, on the weat by Bouile-atreet '¿7 feet 6 inches, mid on the north, by a line one bun 'red and sixty four feet, more or less, adjoining the property of Robert Cooper, i sq. In culling pub lio attention to the aboye Proper v, it is almost unnecessary to say mote than that "the Land is on the Sui ry Hills. This place has long been sought after, as one of the m.ist healthy situations round ibis growing Metropolis, and a few years doubtless will s j 11 all the Land in this neighbourhood, thickly studded over with residences of the retired .Mer- chant and Tradesmen, its proximity to Sydney renders it n most desirable ncqu s tiun to those who nre occupied on business, and who after toil of the day would seek Calm repose in the bosom of the F, milies apart from the hum of q crowded city. Tho retired Officer and Invalid has now on opportunity also of providing for him- self u healthy retreat on mi impioving property in ono of the first neighbourhoods in the Colony, and foriuvcstmentofcapil.il no opportunity will ever occur more advantageous, more certuin of realising large rate of interest, yearly too increasing. ._ 'J ho conditions anti terms are libeuil, and will bo declured at the Sale. AN EXCELLENT 1KV-STMENT, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION) BY J. T. WILSON, On TUESDAY, the 26.h Instant, at his extensive Rooms, Nu. 74J, George-street, at half-past 11 fur 12 o'clock, '|i\VO fine ALLUVIAL FARMS, ? consisting of .">0 Acres each, situated on the Sugar Loaf Creek, and thus having a constant supply of the finest water the Colony ian produce. To lliB residents in the Vicinity of XttAITJCAN», the possession of these two Farms would be in- valuable, as they would then t e able to supply the whole of th it vast and daily increasing xa_~B,opóxiis with the produce of the f.nest dairy the Colony can produce. 'The newly-arrived Emigrant should not pass these without attention, ns their mere vicmifv, (viz. 40 miles) to Maitland Township, ought to be a grea' consideration with those about to com- mence agricultural pursuits. 'To the extensive G azier and Sheep l'armer having flocks an I herds far distant, these Farms me invalu ible, us they form one of the most com- pact Homoiteads in the colony, where the cattle may be refreshed for the Market, after the distiess consequent on a long journey. '1 he district these Farms are situated in, is pro- verbial fur the richness of its soil-and they air consequently well adapted for all agricultural pui poses ; indeed, the crops of Wheal and Maize said to have been produced from one acre, is almost in- credible. The Auctioneer must not omit to point out that these F irms were selected by one of the e irliest Settlers, and that at the present moment nut one acre of such land could be selected. Terms and ondttions at Sale. . Dairy Cows, and Horned Cattle. S _* A. 70ÏACS, At his Bazaar, at 12 o'clock precisely, on FRIDAY next, the 15th Instant, ONE HUNDRED HEAD OF HORNED CATTLE, including about Fifty quiet an i well broke iii '. D MR Y COWS, ' selected with gi eat rare from picked Lots, out of some of the best Herds in the Colony. Terms at Sale, To ( hina and Glass Dealers, Hotel, and Tavern Keepers, Cabinet' mahers, ifc. tyV. tfho valuable Stock-ln-Trade of Ittr. Xiewls Sarnott. TO BE S')LD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons tfic Co., On the Premises, Underwood's Building«, Lower Georgp-street, THIS DAY, the 12th lustnnt, at Eleven o'clock, without the least reserve, comprising M \tf 1NE GLASSES ?» Liquor ditto Champagne ditto Ale di'to ' Hock ditto Claret ditto Nobblers Tumblers " '" " - ' Water Jug* ' D.'cunters > i, '_ ,\¿ , ? \ ; Wntftr Uottles Toilet ditto ' , r " Butter Cooler» " *"' Celery Vase« , < j"*' ... .»j Sugar Busilis _ ' Cream Howls Dinner Plft'e* . ! * '/ ' Cheese ditto ' ¿ Pie ditto ' ' u - . - . Dishes, in size*, " > ' Toilet 3;ze» t Chambers Dinner Services, completa Sets Jugs Sots Mugs Mahogany four-post and other Bedstead* ^ lieds und Uoddiug Horsehair ami Wool Mntlrassea Withstands and 'Tables Chimney, Pier, and China Glasses Dressing ditto Sets of Chairs Couches Pieces of Carpet Limps, Hanging and Pedestal Liquor Frames Cruet ditto German Silver Table Spoon» - Ditto Forks Ditto Ten Spoons ALSO, Seventy Crates of Crookeryware, assorted, now landing from tho Perfect, which will be sold by Invoice. , . i «Torms at Sale. Isaac Simmons ¿t Co. beg to invite intending Purchaser!,, and especially Housekeepers, to un inspection of this Stock, which will be positively soldv without tho slightest reservation, ii const quenco of Mr. Lewis Harnett declining the retail | tindo entirely. SA"T3 BY APCTIOU. Surplus Stoi-cs, i$-c. landed from the Immigrant Ships Alfred and Andromeche. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, BY ISAAC SIMMONS & CO. At the Stores of Messrs. W. Wixllcor and fo., Dawes' Battery, TO-MORROW, the !3th of February, 1839, at 11 o'clock, without res tv«, consisting of III I S H B E E F & PORK Cabin Discuits aud common ditto Flour Sugar Rice Split Peas Vinegar Wino ' Limejuice > Hair Mattresses and Polsters Blankets and lings Boards, 'tween dock fittings, Cabin doori Ships' hearth» Gt to cook for 100 individuals' ALSO, 50 Tierces of Colonial salt Reef1. After Which, A variety of Merchandise, comprising - 5 < ases assorted slops fur settlors und seamen! Uie 3 Utiles of 9 4, 10-4 nnd 11-4 grey sheets 3 Di'.to 10-4 and 11-4 counterpanes ? ii Ditto fruits 2 Ditto furniture printtî t Ditto shirting Stripes 3 Cases h its 1 Case curtain fringe a Trunks of Ladies' shoe» I Case of French ginghams 1 Case French cravats 1 Case blonde collara And other goods Terms At Sale« DARLINGHURST. ~ A splendid Spot of Land adjoining and contiguous to the Estates of Hit Ho- nor the Chief Justice, the High Ske rijf, the Honorable Richard Jones, Esq., M. C, Thomas Barker, E<q.. Captain Mackay, and other high and respectable Personages. ISAAC SIMMONS & CO. Have been commissioned hy the Propiietors to announce for Salo, by Public Auction, at twtdvo o'clock precisely, on tho morning of FRIDAY, the 1st day of March eiibuiug, at the Mart, George-street, Sydney, ALL that most Important Plot of Ground, containg upwards of One Acre, lying and situate in that highly respt ctablo and fashionable part of East Sydney^, named Dmling hurst, being hounded on the weat by Darlinghurst street, formerly called Woolloomooloo Hil!, front- ing of His Honor the Chief Justice and Captiuu Mackay, II. E. C. D. j on the sou'h by tho Estate of the Honorable Richard Jane«, Es-]., M. tí. ; ou the east by the Premises of the' High SherifT; and on the north by the Estate of Thomas Harker, Ettq., J. P. } on which, nt the da e hereof, stands ereoted a modern substantial stone-built Windmill, ninety feet in circumference at the baie, alongside of the celebrated Barker's Mill, both of which were con struted on simil.ir scientilical principles by that able engineer, the late Mr. .lohn Smith. The whola of the machinery attached to it is complete, and there is nppende'd to it two pair French Burrs, on» new Dressing and one Smutting Machine} and, nt ( a trifling outlay, will be fit for immediate use. As somewhat of tin idea may be formed oí' its value, when it was finished, it cost the Proprietor upward* of £2100. I here is also n comfortable stone« built re'-i lence for the mil'er, stabling, sheds, and a well of water, and the whole is enclosed with u good fence. Should no sufficient Purchasers present them* selves, for it as herein offered, in one lot, it wilt then be sold in nine Allotments, agreeably to a plan drawn thereof, and now on exhibition at the Auctioneer's, u bitef description of which is *. follows !-* ZiOT 1; One hundred und thirty-eight feet front igo to a new street, nimipd Victoria-street, having on it the Windmill and Stone House heretofore; described, and bounded on tbe south by ths Estate of Richard Jones, Esq., one hundred and thirty-eight feet. LOTS _ A. 3. Sixty'feet frontage each to Victoria-street, bounded also, on the south by the Estate of Richard Jones, Esq., and the latter on the eat by . Thomas .Macquoid, Esq. Ï.OT3 4, 3, 6 A. 7. Fifty feet froutngo each io Yictorin-jtreef, omi bounded on the noith side by the Estate ut" Thomas Barker, Esq. XiOT 8. I Sixty feet frontage to Darl nghtlrst-stree», fucing I Captain Mackay, by a depth of one hundred and twenty-five feet, adjoining Thomas Darker, Esq.. and one hundred und fitly feet fioatug« to Victoria-street. XiOT 9. Also, siïtv feet frontage to Darlinghtirat-stroot. by a depth Ot one hundred and forty-nighr feet, adjoining Richard Jones, Esq., anil abo t. «ne hundred and fourteen feet to Victoria-street. The Well of Water h is been especially ' re- served for the benefit of the whole of the pur- chasers. Messrs. Simmons nnd Co. in thus offering to a liberal and discerning Public this truly enviable EstAte for disposal, are well aware such another splendid spot has never fell to their lot to submit to co.upeti on. Fortuna » \f for the writer, Durlinchurät has justly acquit. U a celebrity which would render it utmost superfluous to enter very iniuutele in'o de- tails, public opinion having long'since conceded la it the palm ot superiority (o any other part of tin« rising capital, Sydney j therefore they feel, that in this their very feeble attempt to eulogise, thev nui >t be careful that they do not w. a en, by any imper- fect representation, the strong and powerful nii pressiun it has long since so truly aud justly ac- quit ed. In the first place, the purpose for wlrch thi» spot was orijinally selected, was, during the ad- ministration of ï-ir '1 liornas Brisbane, for the erec- tion of Windmills, which required it to be one of the highest elevations that could possibly be chosen ; but, as it has now been placed within the, bounda- ries of Sydney, and its neighbourhood getting so densely populate I, it has been considered too gre te a space for such purposrs, winch has induced tint Proprietors to offer it for the benefit of lim Public, as herein advertised, should no Gentleman, Capi- talist or Builder, be induced to tun a cerium ehanet» of gaining nu unexcelled spot, or a fortune, by pur- chasing the whole in one lut ; for such iiuoihèr pint of gioilnd, for îesppctahility cf neighbours, hoalthi ness of situation from its delightful \> bition, ton.» 'manding Ano panoramic views of land,und watei, uo'h beautiful and extensive, cannot be found iii or near Sydney ; besides the advantages of n fin» Macadamised road lending from iho centte ol' (hu ground, «hich road or stree', it is to be remembered, is the most fashionablo drive in the Colo..y, Lon- gevity is also proveíbial here, and it has long sine» boen agreed upon, by (he,m ist competent jil 'go, th t the elite of the aristocracy of New South Wal a will be found, for man)' a long year hence, to sein t this spot for their summer and autumnal reprs«; ns it has, uncontrolled, the delightful sea bri' ïo. ii« pure'y wafted from the waters of the Great South Pacific as possibly can be. It has also to be borne in mind that this is on« of the first Estates at Darlinghurst offered for Sale fearless of any Government restrictions, being none on which miy hereafter be «noted against such an Act, it being held by vii tup ol' * Depd of Grant from the Crown, subject only to . trifling Quit-rent. Terms of Sale-Ten per cent, cash deposit on tin, fall of the hammer; for the residue, approved-lulls nt 3, 6, and 9 months, without Interest, willi se cur.ty rn the I'roperty if required, and purcliksBm, to pny their own conveyance ; or, nt the option of tho Pu chasers, after the deposit is pnid, n credit of five years, wdt be given, on paying nu in'erent of tea per cent, te annum, quarterly, vùththero ni.nning C< nd.t uns as aforesaid. As tlie Allotments ure all dis'inrtly staked out y by Mr. Demi, ihe Surveyor, the Public *m i". \- vited to inspect them prior to 'he duy of Vile, ». ii also- Iho Plan Ijhig '»t''.lb.e TJfiîee ¿f th» ^ç tioneerf. . . - . . , 