IN THE PRESS, And will s/ior(/y be Published, {in Oclnvo,) PRICE— ONE SHILLING & SIXPENCE. THREE LECTURES ON POETRY, delivered in the Svduey Mer.bsnics' School of Arts, by Willium &Beckett;, Esq., Barrister at-Lsw, ficc. The numerous inquiries for the appearance in The Australian Newspaper of I\lr& Beckett's third Lecture, as well as the solicitations of many Members of the Sydney Mechanics' School of Ann for it* publicatiou, liuve induced the l'ro jirietor to submit the -whole series in the form of u Pamphlet— tbe pressure of other matter! Tuniiurw^ Ihe insertion in The Australian of the lust I .return a matter of impossibility. Subscribers' i uni-a will be received by Mr Moftit. Pitt-street ; Mr Tegg, George-street; Mr Evans, Bridge. street :and ul The Australian Ollir*, George-street. To be Sold or Xet, A COTTAGE,- with' Ont-lionses, Sla lilfs, a Garden, uncl .'- Acres of l.uud.on th« Surry Hills. Apply lit the Office of CBAMBERS &. TBtTUXOV, I'itt-strsrt. TO BE 'LET, For ttio terra of Four Teart, 'from tbe 1st of July next. ALL. that Cottage, Outhouses nnd I'rnmiscs, known sis the ' Old Cheshire -Cheese.' on the Purrninatta Road, lowbicb are attached 28 Acres of Lnnd completely unclosed inlo I'uddocks — sin abundance of good waterat all Hfatnns ; the distance from Syilnry being only four miles, it would he » desirable residence for u trentee! fnmily wishing to combine the advan tages of th« country with proximity to tbe capital. Possession can be ' hod now. or any Hum between this uisd'the 1st of January next. Apply to A. SXGGXlirS, Corner of Market & York- streets, Sydney. To Let, on the Water Side. J'. T. 'Wilson ANNOUNCES to Capitalists, Mer -i\\. cliantK, Tradesmen, and Invalids, that he ? has been instructed by the' Proprietor TO LET, on the most reasonable terras imaginable, a beautifully sequestered Cottage, with some ten acres of land, two of which form a Garden, well stocked with ' Fruit Trees in full bearing ; and upon. which, is one of the best Wells of Water in the colony ; there is also a Stockyard^ Pig- sties, und many other conveniences ? too numer ous to particularize. The whole is delightfully situated within two miles of Sydney, on the HuiiUh of the Purrainatta 'River, where pic turesque views and panoramic scenery-may chase away care, and leave nought but pleasing ima ginations behind. Any further particulars can be had, on appli cation nt the offices, No. 74. ImANE COVE. TO LET, 700 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, situate at Lane Cove, -known as Nichols's Hunter's Mill Estate. Apply at the Olfioe of G. K. NICHOLS. Pitl-strret, St/ilnei/. N. K. — All persons trespassing on this Kstat«, by ciitliii|j wood or otherwise, will b« prosecuted us tbe Inw directs. DESIRABLE PROPERTY. TO LET, Fur inch Term us may be agreeil on, A MOST DESIRABLE ESTATE, containing S500 acres, situate ur Duralla, in the County of Murray, called The Long Swamp Estate, wilh'n pood Dwelling-house and other Building* thereon ; dIho, a good Stock-yard anil ?a Paddock of -85 acres laid out' for wlirnl ; and also a Paddock containg 10 acrea, laid 'out for liny; also, a Garden (fenced in) nf -i acres, nliout 4 whereof are planted with Potatoes, and the residue-well stocked -with Friut Trees anil Vegetables of every description. The whole F.si*4c is well wittered at all Sea nrins and is ndiuirablyadapted for a grazing es tablishment. The House contains 9 rooms, and is-well cal culated for the reception of a respectublo family. ALSO. FOR SALE, A most desirable [Suildiug Allotment, containing uhout ou acre,- in Campbell Town, well fenced ?in. Kor further particulars apply to Mr G. K. Nichols, Pitt-street, Sydney; Mr Hurley, Campbell Town ; or the Proprietor, Mr Dennis ShiM, Campbell Town. TO BE LET, Fur the term of Three Years and upwards, THAT excellent two-storied House, situated in George-street South, having a yard, six stalled Stable, uever failing well of water, granary, coach shed, and other out. -building*. The sunk story contains a oapacioos ?bitched, -a store, and an extensive cellar thirty fnct long by -fifteen feet wide. The ground door contains four rooms, one of which- was in* tended for the bar. 'I hu upper story coutaius a druwing room, throe bed rooms, and a store closet'; there are besides two comfortable attic rooms, and a balcony runs along with the front and rear of the house. This bouse is peculiarly adapted for a re. spectablo Inn, or a large family. A portion of furniture could be let along with the house, or taken by the tenant at a- valuation. The lease of 'the obora desirable premises-is lodged in the bands of the undersigned for in spection, which ruay b» senn, and any further particulars made known, ou application at tliu Offices, 74, George-street. J. T. ?WIX.SON1. Sydney, January 7, 1839. NORTH ANS IOVTB/ AKBHIOA1I Coffee $}ou$t anti ¥?otrl, TH R KAI)N RKDLK-STREET, /Near the Bank and Royal Exchange,) lokdou, IN -the arrangement of this Esta blishment, it has been the object of the Proprietor to combine, with every personal comfort and conveuienco, a regular succession ol authentic Commercial -Intelligence from every part of the World. The Bleepiog-rooms arc spacious, airy, and handsomely furnished; tbe entertaining Kooms, numerous, aud adapted to Public orselect Parties; ?the Stock of -Wiues various, extensive, of the. choicest-vintages, and finest qualities. In the Subscription Itooni— accessible to maiden t 'Visitors — will be found the daily and , Provincial Paper*, aud Commercial Publications of the United Kiugdom, British India, Canton, Singapore, New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, Cape of Good Hope, Kritish America, West India Islands, unit every other British Colony or Possession. Journals und Commercial communications from more than One Hundred Places in the United States; from Brazil, Buenos Ayres, Mexico, and every other State of South America; and also from the principal Ports. Cities, and Commercial Towns of Prance, Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Holland, Germany, Hamburg and other parts of Continental Europe. It is therefore humbly presumed, tbut no ex isting Establishment offers a combination of ad vantages ao eminently desirable for Geutleuiuu visiting the Metropolis on Commercial Business ; anil the Proprietor veuturea to flatter himself, that experience tuny justify thn pretensions ou which he -most respectfully solicits the patronage and favori of the Commercial World. TKKMS— MODERATE. JAKES DAVXBSi Proprietor. N.B. — The CapUinsoralttbe American Ships ?xtt t* be mid here daily. - SAl^ES BF AUCTION. Tmenty -two fine Alluvial Farm* on the Banks of Prospect Creek. Mr A. Tolack Has been instructed by the Proprietor to submit to public competition, at Twelve o'clock pre cisely, THIS DAY, tbe 2nd day of February, at bia Rooms. TWENTY-TWO FINE ALLUVIAL 'FARMS, lying and situate iu that never failing fertile District of Prospect, commencing so the south side of Kenyon's Bridge, and bounded on Ihe east by the* high road leading from Parramutla to Liverpool, (via ' La Ke traite,'the Estate of Captain Dulgarno) ; on the bouiIi by Mount- Krin. th- properly of .1 . Ky»n Hritnan. Ksq.. Police- Magistrate, Ace, &cc.; ; on part of Ihe went by the, Kstat* of I lie H-- v«reni|- Thomas Hassall ; and on the north by Prospect Creek, on th» opposite Hank of the Alluvial. Farms of Me*ars Tarliueton, llammett, P. Dowuiu, J. Nichols, W. Blower, nnd others. These Farms* have been marked out by Mr Knapp, Surveyor, with that degree of judgment which is generally attributed to -him from (.is treneral knowledge, and vary in contents -from. Twenty ? to Thirty acres each, agreeably to' locality. -Twelve of ilium -are bounded by the main Prospect Creek, which it is well -known, was never drv, leading from the main road, herein . first described, with water frontages varying from, upwards of a quarter of a mile. The remaining Ten are bounded by the aforesaid high road, fronting the- Estate of the late Keverend Samuel Mursden, nnd contiguous to Veteran Hall, tbe seat of William Lawson, Ksq. A. P. in thus giving a simple description of this-uiost valuable Landed Property- (lining the only Land now to be purchased on Prospect Crtu-k) entrusted in bis charge to dispose of nitb out reserve, is perfectly aware I but the situation' of Prospect is too well known to require the least eulogium ; suffice it to say, that the same District has furnished tbe Colony with that inex haustible source of agricultural and dairy pro*' duo«, vegetables, fruit, from the earliest date to the present time. He therefore considers further remarks unnecessary, as the Lands -qow offered for sale are well known to be deep alluvial soil, at the date hereof mostly covered with Apple Tree, -and known by the name of ' Apple Tree Flat'' — a never failing proof of very rich Lund, as witness Ihe adjoining celebrated -Kenyon's Orchard and Garden, standing on a leBs.quantity than the Lots now offered for public competition, and what has prodnced to its industrious owner, ao annual return of several hundreds of pounds, which will, uo doubt ere long, amount to thou sands. It may not be amiss to observe that Bricks, if required, will be delivered on the Lands at 5os per thousand, and sawn Timber of every description at -.Vi per cent, under Sydney prices. The Surveyor's plan lies for inspection at the Office of the Auctioneer, where further parti culars may he obtained. Splendid Villa Allotments, at Mr jyarlhujs Point. A. Polack Heps to -inform tbe Public, that in consequence of ihe New Stone Bridge across West's Creek, at the bottom of Council-hill, on the South Head Road, being now complete, and tbe road greatly improved by levelling, that at Twelve o'clock. THIS IJAY, tbe 2nd of February, he will oll'ur to Public Competition, ul his Kooms. SUNDRY VILLA ALLOTMENTS, kiluiitu in that highly respectable neigh bourhood of Mrs Darling's Poiut, which lie con tiguous to the estates of Major Mitchell, Sur veyor-General, C. I). Kiddell. Ksq., M.C., Col. Wilson. Chief Police Magistrate, M. W. Lowis, Colonial Architect. James Holt, James Dunlop, M. Clarke, J. Wool ley, J. Hosting, Kobert Kutter, Esquires, tic. &c.; Further particulars will be notified so soon as the Surveyor has completed the Survey und Plans thereof. SplendidCarriagr. Horses §? Carriages. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By JQl. Folack, On FRIDAY, tbe 8th February, at Eleven o'clock precisely, at the Hnzaar, ONE PAIR of very fine powerful Car riage Horses, about sixteen hands high, lix years old, dark bny with black points, war ranted quiet and perfectly freo from all vice in single, and double harness, and in saddle ; one of them, a Cleveland, is a delightful Horse to ride, being so very easy in all his paces. A child may safely ride either of them, and they both possess hurdy and good constitutions, and have excellent paces. A dark green imported Chariot, of the newest fashion A ditto ditto Ciilecho, as good as now. Terms made known at time of Sale. Two Thorougb Bred Xntiro Horses. I1© BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By £Lm Polack, On FRIDAY, the Oth February, ot the Bazaar, at Eleven o'clock precisely, \-- THOROUGH BRED ENTIRE — H O USES, viz:— juuan; By Emigrant, out of St Winifred, animportod thorough bred Mare, risiug 4 years old, dark brown, stands 16 bands, and is very handsome, unbroken, but perfectly quiet. &t; ££-&&& 3 }y Emigrant, out of Poppet, an imported thorough bred Mare, risiug 5 years old, get black, stands 16 bands, very powerful and handsome, broken in for the Saddle, A. Polack feels much -pleasure in recorn nending the above as Horses of 'very superior lerit, sudfor Blootf, Bono and Beauty, -not to i» excelled in the Colony. Terms made known at sale. Carriage Horses, Stanhope, $-c. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By A* Folack, On FHIDAY, the 8th of February, at Eleven o'clock precisely, at his Bazaar, A PAIR of first-mte CARRIAGE HOKSKS, Bay, with black points, six years old, handsome figures, well matched, and accustomed to run together. An Entire Horse, seven years old, by Theorem, out of a Hector Muro, a sure foal getter. A Stanhope, very handsome and light. Terms at Sale. Dairy Cows $' Horned Cattle* TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By A. Folack, Ou FRIDAY, the 8th February, at Eleren o'clock, at tbe Bazaar, ONE Hundred and Forty Head Horned Cattle, including about ninety jiiiet and well broke- in Dairy Cows, selected ,vitb great care from picked lots, out of some of he best herds iu tbe Colony. Term* mad* known at lime of Sale. vQ S3 & (3- ZI2 & -D S? « A. Polack Begs to inform his Patrons and Friends, that he has been honored with positive instructions from, the Executors to tbe Estate of lbs late Trancii Btepben, Esq., to submit for Public Auction, and sell without tbe least reserve, Tii-IS DAY, the 2nd February, at bia Rooms, at Twelve o'clock precisely, THE remaining BRIGHTON AL LOTMENTS, vsrying in size frem four to forty Acres. A. P. contrary to his usual custom, will in trude a few remarks, in order to point out to Heiwhj Arrived Emigrants the advantages these Allotments holdout, far he vond any I but bave ever yet been ofFeied by him in his public capacity, to uu indulgent public. In -the first place, he could point out, that when in a former advertisement, Iih foretold the fortuai-s that lay ready to any person willing to sink a portion of their surplus capital, it was treated us a PUFF DIRECT; and however hurtful such insi nuations were to bis feelings, he suppressed them, fully assured Unit his words would be verified ; thit they have been 80, the fortunate purchasers of THE BRIGHTON ALLOTMENTS, in tbe latter put of 1836, can and would'readily testify ; and as a further proof, if any be required, look at the splendid V illas ubout being erected and springing up in every direction. Tbe Bxecutora, with »-»iewof benefitting the- community at large, have determined on disposing of ttia remaining of these delightfully situated Allotments, on tbe day previously named, on such advantageous terms, that even to the Uninterested (if there are any) it will raise in their minds a desire to ob tain a portion of this most invaluable Property, which in a few years will prove that in a rising Colony like this, property of any other descrip tion must, in point of speculation, decrease in value, when placed in competition with that of laud, especially when situated within so short a distance of tbe ftlftropolts. A. POLACK feels confident, that tbe public will appreciate tbe slight Eulogium hu has passed on these ALLOTMENTS, and on the day of Sale will not fail to secure to themselves, what in a short period must make them and their off spring independent. To Gentlemen in public and private offices, Speculators in Laud, Capitalists. Builders, Market Gardeners, Duirymen, and Others, The Brighton Allotments bold out tbe certain prospect of' wealth without labour, independence without a care ; ' for not only will the terms of payment favor tbe pur chaser, by tbe gradual and almost imperceptible manner in wbicb they will be made, but the soil is of such an alluvial nature, as must produce thp most beautiful crops, tbe exbilirating effects ol which wii! manifest themselves in tbe con a tenance of the fortunate possessors of THESE GARDENS OF EDEN. To the studious it is necessary to observe that the classic waters of our immortal navigator, COOK, meander through these ILuxurtant Grountrs; and if any thing could possiblv enhance tbe value of tbis land it would be tbe knowledge of having trod on tbe same ground with that uerar to be forgotten man. Terms — Ten per cent deposit ; for the residue approved bills at 3, G, and 9 months, -with se curity on tbe property if required. TOWN* OPftOrCRTT. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION. JBy J. T. 'Wilson. On TUESDAY, the Mh day of Febrnary.1839. at his Established Sale Rooms, George-street, at half-past' Eleven for Twelve o'clock, THE undermentioned invaluable 3 allotments of Land situated immediately opposite the Splendid Property of Messrs R. Campbell, jun. and Co, in BUGH-STREET. Xot 1, Has a frontage of 22 feet G inches to Bligh street, and a depth of 70 feet to the residence of E. H. Statham, Esq ; is bounded on the right by the residence of Mr Hill, builder, and on the left by lot 2. X^ot 2. Has a frontage of 23 feet to Bligh-strect, and runs o'J feet back to the last named boundary ; it is bounded on either side by lots 1 and 3. lot 3, lias a frontage of 2.1 feet to Bligh-street, and runs (!0 feet back to the last named boundary, is bounded on the left by the residence of Mr Jenkins, and to the right by lot 2. As is above remarked, this property is imme diately opposite that of Messrs R. Campbell, jun, and Co, which by competent 'judges is allowed to be excelled by none in New South Wales.; therefore its mere proximity to such an Estate is quite sufficient to enhance its 'value SO per cent Although the Auctioneer is well aware -that eulogium on this Property is unnecessary, still he feels it his duty to call to the minds of in tending purchasers the panoramic scenery which at every turn arrests the eye. This spot, in the early days of the Colony, was selected as the most healthy, and at -the same time commanding the finest view, in- this WEALTHY METROPOLIS ; and while it is borne in mind that the neighbour hood is the most respectable, it must not be overlooked, that for the investment of capital no opportunity may ever occur again, at once so certain — to improving — 10 deserving the atten tion of the wouied world. The Title' is. unexceptionable. Conditions and Terms at Sale. Plans may be seen at the Offices, No. 74, George-street. tLaaciHontyonrr gnotonstyip. JT. T. 'Wilson Hastens to inform the Public, thut he has been instructed to offer them by Public Auction, on TUESDAY next, the 5th of February, at his Rooms, at Half-post Eleven for Twelve o'clock, TWO ALLOTMENTS OF LAND situated in the town of wononaoNO, lounded ou the north by Smith-street, 2 chains'; in the east by Allotment No. (-, A chains ; on he south by Allotments Nos. 13 and 14, 2 shaius ; and on the west by Allotment No. 9, 5 shains to Smith-street ; being Allotments Nos. ' and 8 of Section No. 6. To any gentleman desirous of erecting a Villa, vith the benefit of the sea-breeze and SEA-BATHING, in opportunity now occurs of rare occurrence ; t is situated a short distance from Sydney ou he Coast to the Southward, and will, so soon as itcam-boats are plying, be within three to four tours journey — to Invalids 'tis invaluable, as here is no situation in the Colony more salu iriouj, whilst its contiguity to the Capital ren lers It unnecessary to suffer privations in any ray. Terms and Conditions at Sale. Working Bullocks. *.c. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, Ey J. T. 'Wilson, At his Rooms. No 74J, Oeorire-street. THIS DAY, athalf-baat Eleven for Twelve o'clock, | SUPERIOR Team of 10 Working Itullocks, in prime condition 1 Ditto ditto of 8 ditto ditto, said to be one of tbe best teams in the Colony Several excellent Horses for riding or draught 2 Colts unbroken Y Pair very superior Danish Carriage Dogs, just landed from a London Ship Several Drays 1 Colonial built Pbxton, patent axle tree, strong build, richly painted and most handsomely lined 1 Fony Stoahnpe in prime condition, warranted for 13 months and with patent bxIb 1 Four wheeled Garden Carriage of first-rate style 12 Buggies, very little dashed I Superior Cab,* calculated for the use of private gent With a variety of other Carriages. Terms at Sale. jfarm, CoDfc'3 ivtber* TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By J. T. 'Wilson, On TUESDAY, the 5th day of February, at his established Sale Rooms, at Half-past Eleven for Twelve o'clock, THE undermentioned valuable Farm, containing by admeasurement 20 Acres. It is bounded by the Land of E. H. Stathem sod Dudley Keith, Esqrs., and the waters of COOK'S RIVER. The -quality of the soil is richly alluvial, and well adapted to agricultural purposes — to the Immigrant especially, this would be an excellent opportunity for the investment of capital, indeed ' far superior to any which could be suggested in a Mercantile point of 'view, while every evening he woiitd retire from his daily toil in the full consciousnes, of having added another day's in crease to the value of his property ; its distance is likewise but trifling from the Metropolis, thus rendering it of easy access to those who have a business to 'attend to in Sydney. Terms -and- conditions made known at time ol Sale. A Plan lies for inspection at the Rooms. Postponement of Sale or Pianofortes, By J. T. 'Wilson. In consequence of tbe Auctioneer removing from 74 to 71§, George-street, the Sale of Piano fortes, advertised for January SO, is unavoid. ably Postponed until WEDNESDAY, the Ctli day of February, 1839, when he will offei ior Public Competition, at half-past Ten foi Eleven o'clock, hy order of the Proprietor, tc close Account Sules, at his Itooras, 1 PIANOFORTE, Metallic Plate, 6 Octaves, in an elegant Mahogany Case 1 Ditto ditto ditto of same description t Ditto ditto with Eliptic front, carved legs, lyre pedal 1 Ditto Ditto in handsome Rosewood Case with open Fretwork. Immediately after xohich, \ Splendid Grand Piano, by Clementi 1 Square ditto, ditto superior tone, fine touch, by Broadwood I Ditto in Mahogany Case, splendid tone, by Butcher 1 Ditto ditto in ditto, neatly mounted, fine touch, by Stoddard. Terms at Sale. ?)ous;fOolU jfurnfture* TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By J. T. Wilson, Immediately after the Sale of the splendid Piano fortes, on WEDNESDAY nest, THE Undermentioned Furniture, the Property of a Gentleman leaving for the new Settlement at New Zealand ; consisting of — Sofas Cheffonniers Tables Couches Bedsteads Chairs. BCS-AOOK. Bed Furniture 2 Superb Pianofortes (used) 1 Harp with Pedals, Music Rest, in first-rate Condition 2 Musical Pictures, and a Variety of other Furniture, to close Consign, ments. Terms at Sale. For the benefit of whom it may concern. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By JT. T. 'Wilson, At his Rooms, No. 74, George-street, on THURSDAY next, the 7th day of February, at half-past Ten for Eleven o'clock, THE undermentioned GOODS, ex Abel Cower— NoXW4 I 81 Pairs of damaged Blankets, 8x4' Also, ex ' Eweretta,' '? NoXlg7 ' 100 Pair 8-4 damaged Blankets ,v .„, J - 13 Pair only damaged 8x4 Blan- ? §No. 195 J ketg Terms at Sale. In the JVfl/w Room, adjoining the old. j TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,; By JT. T. 'Wilson, - On THURSDAY next, immediately after the Underwriter's Sale, THE following MERCHANDISE, without reserve — : Kegs of Blue Paint 'Ditto Black ditto -Boxes Cigars Boxes Oil of Spruce 'Forty boxes Raisins Twenty ditto Vnlenlia Almonds : A quantity of Potatoes Forty-two cases Claret ' ' — -Cases Port and Sherry — Ditto Champagne Twenty Horse Fib tola Two hundred pairs Shoes Two Chain Cables One case white Shirts Duck Frocks Ditto Trousers Bridles Whips Gig Harness Hand Saws' Powders Casks botfle Juice Four ?casks Cider One patent Savory's Mill Ten casks of mixed Nails, Horse, Shoe, and Clasp Fancy Vests Ditto Dresses Quantity of Gauze Odd Volumes Books Kerseymeres, black and other. Terms at Sale. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By JT. T. Wilson, On TUESDAY, tbentbof February, 1839, at his extensive Sale Rooms, at half-post Eleven for Twelve o'clock precisely, ALL those delightfully situated and substantially erected Premises known well to the Colony as Belvolr Souse. It is situated at tbe extreme end ofElizabetb street South, and has three roods and thirty perches of land attached. It contains eighteen Rooms, three-fourths of which number average sixteen feet by fourteen, and tbe Drawing Room, Dining Room, Breakfast Room and Sitting Room, are all elegantly corniced end fitted up with beautiful Grates, and splendidly carved Marble Muntelpieces, and Bells lead from every Room to the Kitchen. There is a never failing Well of tbe purest Wattr, which is pro verbinl for its clearness and coolness, indeed, were there such water on many properties in Sydney, their value great as it now is would actually double itself. Tbe scenery from all parts of the is House beautiful, and whilst inhaling the odoriferous breezes sweetened by the scents of a thousand flowers Hith which cue Garden is *o tastefully ornamented, and st tbe same time so abundantly stocked. The Scenery which attracts the eye is too grand for mortals to look upon, macb less tbe pen of an Auctioneer to describe. To the East, North, and South are views of Water Scenery &f;)c finest in tf)c -B«9ornr, while to the West the eye is enraptured witl Splendid landscape scenes brilliant as fairy imagination could paint Tba spirited Proprietor has spared no expense to complete this House in first-rate style. Tbe whole will be sold without reservation, and the terms will be made highly liberal. Conditions, &c;, at Sale. wivm axpois giimm^ TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION By JT. T. 'Wilson, On TUESDAY, the 18th day of February next at his extensive Rooms, No. 74, George street, at Half-past Eleven for Twelvi o'clock, 6 GARDEN ALLOTMENTS Ol LAND, situated and being part of tbe rivu socs rAnia paopEnTT LO rS 1, C & 3 have 176 feet frontage to tin Great Northern Koarf, with a depth of irom-761 to 810 feet back to their eastern boundary, Lo 1, and contain from 3 to 4 Acres each. LOTS 4, 5 & 6 have bach itiS to StO fee frontages to tbe Klackwell Point Road, witl depths of from 700 to 1000 feet back to thei southern bouudary. The Auctioneer, in intimating to the Austra Man World, that this valuable Property has beei placed in his hands for Sale by Public Auction considers he would-be grossly neglecting hi duty were be not to make some slight mentioi nf the purity of the air. the beauty of th scenery, the richness of the soil, and the delight ful situation of the spot — for, although snme o tbe same property was sold (or rather sacrificed by him a short time ago, nt £'.21 per Acre, still he is not in the least daunted ; being perfect I; assured that the excitement which the forme fortunate purchasers have, created, in showinf the friends (and even extending the saiui kind ness to atrangers) the cheap bargains they bai made that day, has been sufficient to raise lui minimum price at least 500 pur Cent. Immediately ofttr which, he will also njff'er 3 Other Allotments of the same Property, having frontages of great extent to the Psrrsmatt Road. Terms aud Conditions at Sale. PIsos may b» seen at the Offices, No. 74 J. T. 'Wilson Announces to tbe Land Speculators of Nei South Wales, that he hns been instructed ti offer them by; Public Auction, on the 12tl day of February next, immediately after th sale of Five Dock Farm property, at 74, a usual, ONE Parcel of the above valuable Estate, measuring three acres two rood and sixty- eight perches, bounded by the pro. perties of Mr Thomas Arnold (reserved roads and Mrs Mary White. To offer comment on the above land, would at this bour, be perfectly useless. So much hai the world generally conned over its -merits — sc much have Land Speculators discussed the cer tainty of profits in its purchase — so long bavi private Gentlemen descanted on the beauty o its situation, tho richness of the scenery, thi salubrity of the climate, that not a child of fin years old but has the word Burwood on iti tongue, as a note of admiration ; the Auctiooeei refrains, therefore, from offering his usual re marks, relying with certainty on tt full Sale room — a wealthy company — and a strong com petition for its purchase. Terms and conditions at sale. Plan may be seen at '74. The O'Connell Xnn, Oaorfre-strect, neat tb« Old Toll Bar. Valuable Jirst-rate -Freehold Business ?Premises. Isaac Simmons 4b Co. Have received instructions to offer for Public Competition, on the Premises, George-street, on THURSDAY, the 14th February, 1839, at Eleven o'clock, without reserve, by direction of the Proprietor, A LL that well-known, first- rate Pre r%. raises, the O'CONNELL INN, admirably adapted for carrying on a first-rate Wine and Spirit Establishment, for wbicb tbe situation is of great importance, being within a few yards of Messrs Hughes and Hosking's New Steam Mills, which alone must enhance tbe value of this Property at least SO per cent; added to which, up-country Gentleman's -servants coming down with 'their teams, can drive at once into the large yard, and -find shelter fer themselves and cattle; and it is an undoubted faot, that while the master is at his ease at borne, bis man con be equally well prorided for here, in a snug cottage to himself, which no other Inn in Sydney oan offer them. In fact, this Property, situated as it is, in tbe heart 'of tbe first town in this Colony, must always command a good tenant, at a large rent. To an enterprising individual, it would be quite superfluous to giva in detail the innumer able advantages of this Inn. wbicb must be seen to be appreciated — but suffice it to say, it has a neat verandah front, and capital bar, with two back rooms adjoining. On tbe first floor sre French windows, opening into a nest balcony, three front rooms, two of wbicb open into escb other by folding doors, five back rooms, aud large boarded granaries over. The back of the House and Yard, which is 93 feet by 36, contains a kitchen, fiva small Cot tages, four-stall stable and five-stall shed, with a water closet, and a never failing well of good water. Tbe cellars, whioh are of tbe best do scription. and paved, are capable of containing a ship's cargo. The whole at present on hand, but of the presumed value of £150 per annum. Terms — £680 may remain on mortgage for twelve months ; tbe remainder by a good nego eiuble bill at three months, with security on the Property it required. Further particulars may be known by applying to Mr Matter, No. 40, (jeorge-streot ; or, of Isaac Sitnuious U Co,, st their O£ccs. To Merchants, Tradesmen, ij-#\ TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Isaac Simmons &u; Co. THIS DAY, the 2nd February, at their Rooms, George-street, at Eleven ?©' Clock precisely, 1 CASE PINS -*- 1 Ditto fancy Cotton Handkerchiefs 2 Ditto Drab Moleskin Trousers 100 Pieces White Shirting 1 Case Regatta Shirts 100 Gross Gilt Buttons 50 Toilet Glasses C Morocco covered Easy Chairs 1 Case Genoa Cord Trousers 20 Plated Cruet Frames 20 Dozen Men's Grey Lambs' Wool Hose 13 Pieces superfine Broadcloth 50 Pieces fancy India Silk Handkerchiefs 3 Casks Split Peas \\\ Gross Ivory Playing Cards. ALSO, C Cases assorted Slops, each consisting of — Moleskin Jackets and Trousers Fancy Drill and Woollen Trousers Blue Monkey Jackets Fancy Quilting und Buff Valencia Waist coats Fancy Woollen Coats White Drill Trousers, &c.; &c.; Case Umbrellas Case Wax Dolls Case Lucifers 2 Cases Wearing Apparel 18 Dozen Silk Hair Bands . 9 Dozen sorted Fronts 2 Boxes of Pipes (about 40 gross) 24 Kegs Paint, various colours Terms made known at time of Sale. 1,500 Sheep of the Progeny of the long-wool-staple Slieep of Messrs. Cooper and Levy, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Xsaac Simmons du Co., At the Mart, George-street, on FRIDAY, the 1st of March, 1839, at Eleven o'clock, by Direction of tbs Proprietor. Xn Chance of Wm. Dawklns, sbephord. LOT 1—67 Nine months' old Wethers 47 Two. tooth 84 Four ditto 55 Six ditto 3 Ulack Ewes. In Ctaarve of Joton Carr, Staepberd. Xiov 1 — BS Small Ewes 110 Maiden Ewes 196 Full-mouthed ditto 388 Tbe best of Rams have been Running with them till tbe 1st December. 1838. mm Cliavce of Vatriok Thompson. 'Lor 3 — 53 Lambs Yl Yearling Kwes 72 Two-year ditto 45 Two-and-a-half ditto 1H1 Four- year. 3(J2 'Lot 4 — 250 Maiden 'Kwes. 18 lo 20 mouths old '2t-0 Ditto ditto A00 They are now Running at I.anyon, County of Murray, where they must be removed from, within one month from the day of sale. Term* — Twenty per Cent, dish deposit ; the remainder by approved Bills, at .'! and ti Months. To Contractors, Builders §? Others — One Hundred and Forty Thousand Bricks. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By IvXr Blackman, On MONDAY, the 4th day nf February, tOS9, at the Market Wharf, at Twelve o'clock precisely, 1AC\ (\\(\\(\i.®Re Hundred and Forty M.i±\f,\jyf\J Thousand Superior K RICKS, in Lots to suit the views of Purchasers, deliver able at tha Kilns, adjoining the Government Wborf, ParramattH River, Field of Mars. The Proprietor will Cart them 'to the Wharf, by agreement. N.B. — Samples of quality will be shewn at time of Sale. A-I.SO, A very superior it Ton Coppered Boat, with Sails, &c;, complete. Terms will be declared at Sale. Modern Household Furniture, China, Glass, Silver, Plated Ware, $c. — Also, an excellent pair horse Carriage, Horses, and Harness. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By BKr Blackman, On THURSDAY, February tbe 28th, 1839, at tbe residence of Lea Suitor, Esq., Elizabeth street South, s(iu consequence of bis being about to embark for England), at Eleven o'clock precisely, MODERN Household Furniture, comprising— 'Loo, Pembroke, Dining and Dressing Tables, Parlour, Dining, and Bed-room Chairs, Pier, Chimney, and Dressing Glasses, Four-post, Tent, and otber Bedsteads, Bedding and Draperies, Chest of 'Drawers, Wash-band ' Stands, Chamber Services, Plate, China and 'Glass, Time Pieces, China Matting, Carpets, Hall Lamp and Hat Stand, 'Sofas und Otto man Seats. Sideboards, Fire Screens, Kitchen Uleneils, fico. ? ALSO, An excellent pair 'horse Carriage, and a pair of Bright Chestnut Horses, well broke, and an excellent match, ona by Steeltrup, the other, by Chiltoo. Catalogues will 'be ready for delivery, at the Auctiou sad Commission Agency Offices of the Auctioneer, llegent Terrace, Hunter-street, fourteen days prior to tbe day of Sale. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, On the 21st February, if not previously dis posed of by Private Contract, THE Estate of VARROVILLE, situated on tbe Campbell Town road, 28 miles from Sydney. This compact and beautiful Property has proved its value by the abundance of its crops this season. It contains 1000 acres, 600 of which are cleared, and 250 under cultivation, a con siderable portion being in Lucerne. The Farm has an abundant supply of tbe purest Water in several Tanks of great depth, and is laid out into numerous Paddocks. The Cottage is convenient, and an excellent kitchen and wash-bouse huve been added to il. The Out houses consist of Stables, Coach house, Verandah Dairy, Store, Barn, &c;, and there is a well-stocked Garden and Vineyard. Any gentleman wishing to secure a valuable and compact Homestead, will have further par ticulars by application to the 1'roprietor, on the spot, or to AJr Edyo Mann- ing, Sydney. On tho same day will be sold, a quantity of Farming Implements, Working Bullocks, Pigs, Horse, Household goods, 9800 Bricks, Sawn Stuff. Seed Oats, about 45 tons excellent Hay, and a few of the first Standard Works, WANTED, To accompany a respectable Family to South Australia, a Young Woman as Nursery Maid. Application to be made to Mr Taylor, at the Office of Edye Manning, Esq. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By RXr Alexander Doddsf By order of tho Trustees, npon tha Premises of Mr George Salt Tucker, situate at Hinton, st tbe junction of the Hivers Patterson and Hunter, on SATURDAY, thu 9ib day of February, 1839, at Eleven o'clock a. m., pre cisely, THE whole of the valuable STOCK IN-TRADE, consisting of a large assort ment of Oils, Faints, Turpentine. Window Glass, a general assortment of Solt Goods, Iron mongery, Slops, Hats, and Earthenware. ALSO, THE HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, com prising the usual Articles — with a quantity nf empty casks, Shingl*.* and hitb.i. Likewise, several hnad of CATTLE. HORSES, and PIUS, Wheat iu Stack, nnd a variety of Agricultural Implements. Thu Terms anil Conditions o/^ala will be de clared at the Auction. ? 2 ? Hinton, Patterson, &t; TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Mr Alexander Dodds By order of tbe Trustees, upon the Premises of Mr George Salt Tucker, situate at Hinton, at the junction of the Rivers Patterson and Hunter, on SATURDAY, the 9th day of February, 1839, at Eleven o'clock, a. m, pre cisely, subject to conditions of Sale to be then and there produced : — Lot 1 ALL that Piece of Land, containing by admeasurement 2 acres, situate at the junction of the Patterson's River with the Hunter, bounded on the west by tbe River Patterson, commencing at the south west corner of the high road leading from the junction of the Hunter and Paterson Rivers, to Clarence Tow , on the east and south east by that road, and on the north by a line drawn from that road to the River Patterson to include the quantity. ALSO, All that other Piece of Land containing 3 acres, bounded on the west by the said road 218 feet ; on the north by a reserved road 495 feet ; on the south-east by the Hivcr Hunter 600 feet; and on the east by a line drawn from the said reserved road to the River Hunter 243 feet. And also, all that other Piece of Land now laid out as the Government high road aforesaid 66 feet in breadth, and forming tbe eastern and southern boundary of the said Piece of Land first above described, with the substant- tially built STORES, barn, and other commo- dious and convenient buildings thereon. The locality of this Property renders it of great and increasing value and importance. Lot 2, The remainder of a term of 7 years, com- mencing on the 1st July, 1838, at the An- nual Rent of £55, payable quarterly, in ALL THOSE 8 acresof -Land at Patterson's Plains, bounded on The north by Patterson's River running west 18 roods ; on the west by Land now or late belonging to John Reynolds, run ning south-east 8O roods; on the south- east by Land now or late in the possession of Gonrge Furber, runnine east 14 roods ; and on the north-west by Patterson's River running 80 roods, with the MESSAUGE or Tenement buildings add premises thereon erected. AND ALSO, ALL those 20 acres of Land near to or adjoining the said 3 acres, bounded on the north by the River Patterson; south by land belonging to John Tucker ; on the east by Mr T. Lie's farm ; and on the West by land belonging to John Reynolds. Lot 3. The remainder of a Term of Ten Years, com- mencing on the first of July, 1838, at the annual rent of £100, payable quarterly. deter- minable by the tenant on the 1st of July 1 845, in ALL THAT PIECE OF LAND on the right bank of the River Patterson, Parish of Middlehope, County of Durham, bounded on tbe east by the River Paterson, on the south by the Creek, and aline bearing west 4 chains 20 links, adjoining David Brown's purchase ; partly fenced on the west by a line bearing north 5 degrees 20 minutes west, 12 chains 3d links, and en the north by a line bearing east 11 chains 30 links, adjoining Bedwell's line tot(he river ; and from the day on which a Government Road may be made through the Land of Mrs Ward, for the remainder of the said term of ten years, determina'le as afore said, in ALL THAT OTHER. Piece of Land to the westward of the Land above described, bounded on the east by that Land 12 chains 25 links, on the north by a continuation of the northern boundary line of the last described piece of Land, on the south by a continuation of the southern boundary line of that Land, and on the west by such Government Road as may hereafter be made through the Land of Mrs Ward, adjoining the Land above de scribed. Lot 4 The unexpired Term of 3 Years, or thereabouts, in the Store and Premises late in the occu pation of Mr Tucker, in ihe Township of Patterson. Further particulars and information may be obtained, on application to Mr Tucker,Hinton ; the Auctioneer. Maitland ; and MR MINI THORPE, Solicitor, George-street, Sydney. Sydney, 31 st January, 1839. TO STAND THIS SEASON, At 'Yass and the Neighbourhood , nf which notirg will be given, the Thorough-bred Horse, DUKE OF ARGYLE. THIS Horse, which is allowed to tbe finest Colonial bred Horse in thu Colony, was got by Emigrant out of Kitty, a well-known Mare bySteeltrap.out of u thorough, bred Mare imported by Dr Douglas. TERMS — Three Pounds; Five Shillings Grocmage. Yass, \ 30th August, 1838. f Agents for this Paper :-- Bathurst ? Mr Pitzsimmons \ Berrima ? Mr Jamkh H ahi-iiii Campbell Town ? Mr H. S. Cobkn Illawarra ? , . . 'Mr Hvams Jerry's Plains ? J Mr Cai'ps Limestone Plains Sc Manero'Mr A. Moses Liverpool ? i*. Mi W. Pritcuard Maitland ? :'.'.(' -'r-. J. Conns - Parruraatta ? .. ..??.. ''Mr Hugh Tavmiu Penrith ? ? Mr A. Fumcbh Port Phillip ? MrW.P.PicKEiiiNC Windsor ? Mr La.ban- Whitk Yass ? Mr E. B. Grkbn. [£13' Collectors for Sydney, Messrs Geohgb Moss and Charles OsnonNK. The above arc the ouly individuals (except at the Office of Publication) authorised to receive Moneys ou account of the Proprietor of Tub Australian : they arc furnished with printed Receipts, bearing the signature df ? A. COHEN. .^ £-titcd, printed and publiatied liy Amu HAM Uuheh, ot Gwirgo »trect, SyUuey, 1'riuter, Sule Proprietor, at The AiiKtrulUm Ullicc, William ana Aui-laidt; I'lucii, ?-cur,3-Mtrcei. 