Jxopal tJFicton'a C&ratre.; THIS EVENING, (Tuesday) Ja nuary 1st, 1838. will be performt-d (for the third time .in this Colony), the Ciruud Komantic Drama.Mn three Acts, entitled THE LOST'PLEFAD. Programme of Sceneru, Ac, -« bills of tht day. The favorite PAS SETTS., from tbe Ballet of Xa SylpHaUe, by Misn Xinznr. To conclude with the Latiglinbla Farce, in two Acts, culled The Spectra Kridegroosn. Squire Aldwinkio ? Mr Jacobs. Manu£er. A GENERAL ^reetinjr of the Ca tholics of Sydney and iu Vicinity will be held after the celebration of the last Mass, on SUNDAY, the fith January next, to take into consideration the present state of the Edifice and other matters. The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop will preside. Sydney, Mst Dec, 1838. Dissolution of Partnership. NOTICE is hereby given that the Co-partnersbip existing between the un dxrsicjned, trading as Merchants, ol* Sydnt-y and London, in the name of K.. liron-nlow and Co, is this day dissolved bv mutual coiiiont. niCBAIU) BROWKLOW, By his Attorneys, H. Maedertnott i; Thomas Dixnn. THOMAS SIX3N. Witness G. K. NICHOLS. Genrge-street, Sydneu, } Slst December, IUjB ( Tbe business hithnrto carried on bv K. Rrownlow and Co, will in future ho condacted hv the undersiprueel, under tlie style nnd tide of MacDermott nnd Dixon. to whom all persons intit'bteil to iho Inte firm are n-qurstod to pnv Ueir rrspeo:ir-» accounts UMtnpilmt-lv And ull persons littvmj; el,, inn on the said irm are requested to present (bu smiie for pay nent. H. MACDE^MOTTi tuoivzas nzxozr. (icorge street, Svdneu, \ ilst December,' lU.ifl. t M. M. COHEN, Chronometer, 'Watcti and Cloclc maker, GoldKmlth, Jeweller, &.O., &c;, George-street, Sydney, HAS constantly on Sale a choice selecion of Town and colonial made Jewellery, Gold und Silver Watches, »pect»nles. Musical Boxes. &c;, &c;, ut very reduced prices. livcrv article in die trnde made or repaired with dispntcb and accuracy. January 1, 183S-. rr*IIE Undersigned having This Day ?M. received from tbe National Vuccine listn hlishment of Great Hritnin, a fresh supply of Vaccine Lymph, trusts t lint be will he able in n few days to Vaccinate i'utients from a bcallliv child, families desirous of nvailini; themselves of Vaccination, %re requested to communicate witn the undersij;n«d. n-lien due notice will be given them when to apply. A Certificate of health will- he shewn. J. C. 3R.USSEX.X., Surgeon. York-street, Sydneu, ) December S\st', 1838. \ REMOVAL. CABINBTMAXBa &. JOXIXEW., BEGS to return his sincere thanks to his KrieucU ami the Public generally. for me iiuerui patronage ne ua5 receiveu, ami 10 intimate to thnn that he has removed rroin Castlerengb-street tn the hnuse recently occupied by Captain Fislur, 14 Princes-street, where be trusts by strict uitwition' to merit a continuance of their favors. THE QUEEBT. Repository of Artt, Colonnade^, Bridge-street. MH BARLOW BEGS to apprise the Inhabitants of Sydney, that he has just published, in Zinco|;raph. A faithful Portrait Of Her Majesty Victoria the 1st Portrait of Sir Richard liourke Full length Portrait of Mrs Taylor as ' Don Giovanni.' ALSO, Presents to send Home, consisting of a variety of Sydney Views— Portraits of the Aborigines, &.c. Sec. Just Received, and on Sale, A variety of New Music — Qngravings&Drawings; — Flowers ^Landscupes-^- Varnishes — Brushes — Water Colours^Oil Paintings — Lock- ing Glass Frames — splendid MountedEngrav ings by Martin & others — forming the largest collection in the Colony, and which he is determined to sell at unprecedented Low Prices for Cash only. ggP Writings, Drawings, Circulars, Bill Heads, Law Forms, Visiting Curds, &c.; Sec:, in Zin cograph or Lithograph, done in a superior manner with th* utmost despatch-. BETWEEN- THIRTY & FORTY very superior WORKING BULLOCKS to lie disposed of. Application to be made to Mr llurlv; or, Mr Fenutll, Campbell Town. December 31, 1R3R. 3\. T. 'Wilson Informs the ilinrbot Gardener and others re quiring a snug retrent, that h» his bepn instructed by the i'ruprietur, to ofler them by Private Bargain, A FARM of Thirty Acres, situated on 'the Puucli-botvl Road, within ten mill's of this interesting metropolis ; its con tinuity to Sydney Market, the excellence of the suit, the salubrity of the climate, and the re spectability of the situation, all combine to render it one ot thu most desirable Properties ever olTuretl tn an Australian public. It must be borne in mind that rapid fortune's are now beinir made by supplying our Market with vegetables ; nnd if at tbe present day such is the fuct, what will be tlie effect of the Mendiiig some THOUSANDS OF EMIGRANTS on our shores annually? VVhv, tbnt the fields will be tenlold extended, and tbnt any twenty industfious Kmigrunts, with small capitals, muy ensure' to themselves a spee y independence, a comfortable home, an asylum for tbeir families ami tbeir old age. Terms made known on .Application at tbe O IKces, 74, Ueorge-street. BELVOIR HOUSE. JT. T. 'Wilson A NNOUNCES to the Independent ijL world of Aiistrnlia, tbut be bns been honored with instructions by Ihe bpirilt-d Proprietor of the above Property' to offer them, by Private Contract, Selbotr ?§otisc, sitnnf.d in one of the finest spots in the Colony. The sotinery from tlit« I roperiy stands on equalled; to th» li is ? . South and North are views of water Scvni'fv. tbe finest in do known 'World, while to ih« V\e»tili«- eyn it euraptured with tbe moat MAGNIFICENT LANDSCAPES ever beheld. ? The' House Is replete with every conveninnee lor a large Family ; it contains 111 Rooms, und ''splendid plkasurf. grounds, with nit ueceasiirv Cinrdtjns and Outbuildings. Terms mny be known 011 application at llie Offices, 7 1, George- street. WANTED, . A COOK & HOUSE SERVANT. Apply at tbe Australian OHice. WANTED, A STEADY MAN competent to fill the Situation of A BILLIARD MARKGK. E. 8&NOWELK;, Rase If Crown Inn, Castlerragh-street. To Tradesmen and otners. THE Advertiser, who is disengaged alter 3, p. 111., would be happy toemplov bis leisure tune in ketping a Set of Books, or Copying Writings. A line statin? particular*, addressed to X. Z., Auitialinn Othcu, will meet witb immediate attention. TO GRAZIERS. Jfantedi by a person of experience, A SITUATION as Superintendent, who thoroughly understands tbe manure merit of horses, cattle, sbeep, &c.;{ tlia most respectable reference m ro ability can be given. Apply (if by letter, post pxid.) to J. b'l, ut The Australian Otlico. D'cemln-r 16th, 1R3R. A YOUNG MAN, a .Book-keeper und expert Accountant, and who in re signing his present employment, is deairous nf making another engngemeut— tbe Advertser is ulao expert at all kinds of measurement, and can produce satisfactory testimonials. Address I. W. A. WAN TED, A SITUATION as Superintendent of an Agricultural ntul Stock KsiahlUhtnent, by u gentleman many rears accustomed to the management ol Slock and Agricultural pursuits — Siilxrv not so much an object as a respectable situation Addre?s. post pmit, to J. K , at 7 An Australian Office, lit January, 1839. To vrneerwrlghts & Slacltsinitns. WANTED IMMEDIATELY, by the undersigned, two \\\ heelwrighta and oue Rlncksruitb — No application will be intended to, unless fiom persons possessing tirdt-rate abilities, and having a character lor strict sobriety. fi8, Pitt-street. Sudnev. Slit December, 1838. TO LET, AN excellent Two-story Honsc situated in Ihe most lieulrliv p.irt of (jeorge-sirent South, containinj; 15 Rooms, witb eveiy convenient Out-buildings for the resi dence of a txruily ; it may be bud for the term of four years if so desired. Terms and particulars may be known at the Offices of tbe undersigned. j. x. v:ison. December 2Rr/i. 1838. LA1V£ COVJci. TO LET, 700 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, situate Ht Lane Cove, known as Nichols's Huutor'a Hill Estate. Apply at the Office of G. R. NICHOLS, N. B.— All parsons trespassing on tbis Estate, by cutting wood or otherwise, will be prosecuted as the law directs. TO JLliT, THAT old-established Public House* kunwn by the sign of tbe Wheat Sheaf, at the Old loll Liar, with the License, Hack houses, und Premises. For particulars enquire at the Burluv tMow, 1'ark aud Castlereagh streotR. Stolen Or Strayed. FROM WILBERFORCE COMMON, A CHILTON bright Chestnut Mare, four years old, not branded, about fifteen hands high. Ten Pounds Reward will be paid if Stolen, upon the conviction of the party; and, if strayed, One Pound will be paid upon the delivery of the Mare to Mr John Dunston, or Mr Richard Dunston, Publican, Windsor. Wilberforce, December 28, 1838. £5 REWARD. STOLEN OR STRAYED, from the Swamps, iSlnitlnnd, on or about the 8lb of October last, a well-bred Blnck Mare, heavy in foal, or has fouled, branded () on the neck — a well-bred Chesnut Mare with unbealed wound in oil' shoulder, extending from collar to knee, has tbe appeurauou of hnving been badly blis tered on that Ug. ALSO, A dark bay Yearling Colt running witb the above. . Whoever will give such information as will lead to their recovery, 10 Mr Cox, Union Hotel, Mnitlund. shall receive the above reward ; and n further sum of £-20, on tlie apprehension anil conviction of any person or persons unlawfully detaining «'1 or either or' them. ±50 KJiWAUU. A BAY MARE, aued three years, blank points, branded L E off side of neck, was stolen from my Estate, Berry Park, Hunter's River, about five weeks since, and is supposed to be in the neighbourhood of the Hawkesbury. A Reward of Fifty Pounds will be paid by me on conviction of thit thiufi Any person found iu possession of the Mare ufter this Notice will be prosecuted. JOHN SALES. Sydney, December 13, 1838. Stolen from Crampton's Hotel, ON Saturday Evening, or on Sun day morning last, a Danish Bitch, spot ted black und white, with young, answering to the inline of Moggy. Whosoever will give such information as will lead to the apprehension of the offender will receive Five Pounds reward. If found to have strayed, will receive Ten Shil- lings reward. December 21, 1838. £8 REWARD. Lost or Strayed, from Galong. WHEREAS the following Horses l.avo been Lost or Strayed from the above (Station, any Persou giving information where they are to be found, will receive the above Uewiint, by applying to Mr John Hiirly, Campbell Town ; or Mr Kdwitrd Walsh, Vass. Sesoriptiou. Ono chesnut Mure, long tail, branded under tbe tnuno W'S One buy .Mare, branded on the shoulder (in verted) jf One cbesnut Colt, three years old, branded (inverted) j One ':liesnut Filly, two ypnrs old, star in forebe.id, branded (inverted) J One hay Filly, ouu yeur old, brnnded (in verted) .} One b*ny Horse, lir.inded G under the mime Onn black Horse, four vears old, branded on shoulder (inverted) j, white btuuk iu I'uruheud. Gatang, Nttvember M, .1838. FOUND, A MEMORANDUM BOOK with u promissory Note, a Ticket of Leave and * Letter. Any person producing sntistnetory proof of ownership, enn Imva thorn 011 jjuying tbe expenses of advertising. George-street, Sydney, } 15th December, !B:iK.- SALES BY AUCTION. Tbe tine fast-sailln? tjarque SlizaboUi. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Xsaac Simmons &. Co., At the Mart, Ooorsn.street. 011 Fill DAY. tl.a ?1th January, 1839, at Twelve o'clutk punctually, comprising — THAT well- known fast-sailing barqne Elizabeth, 195 tons resistor, leak built and newlv coppered, bns superior accnmodniion for passengers, well found m stores, und cairtea a large curgo. ALSO, The fine fast-sailing schooner Sutanwth Ann. A 1, newly coppered with twpnly -right nunro copper, with all her stores as slia now lies, bvr sailing qualities being quite unequalled hv (div ining of her tonnage oow in poi t, uuU cjrru-* a large cargoi ALSO, Three Clirortometer/i, ov first-ram London makers I. 8. & Co. beg to invite Shipowners tc. an inspection of theabove vessels feeling ennvinc-d from the known sailing qiiiilirms of thfin, trK-r lira not to bp nurpassed out 01* ihn I 'on, nnd lor the Onnstio.? TradeorTVr ndvuntu;'1'* rarely to bo met with, currying much larger cargoes tlinn their registered ronna^e ; anil vessels nf this de scription are seldom being brought (otbe bummer. Inventory of stores, mists, yards, &c;, will be produced at the time of sale, nrcanbe in*p-o. ted at the O (floes of the Auctioneers previously. NOTICE. fri consequence ef Crampton having disposed of kis Interest in the Host Inn, Penrith, to Mr ferry, of the Cherry Tree, King and Castlereagh streets, Mr S. Solomons is instructed to bring to the hammer, the whole of' the Iliiuieholtt Fur niture aud Sack.in- Trade, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By Samuel Solomon, TO-MORROU'i the 2nd January, 1839, at the Residence of .llr John I'erry.' Cbi-rry Tree, corner of Kinp nnd Castlereagh-streets, with out Ihe least reserve, THE FOLLOWING ARTICLES— Table* Chnirs Sofas Pictures Glass Crockery lind and lledding Hedstendg Kitchen UteuaiU Can vim MurtjuHB Spirits Wine Porter Ale. Arc. &c.; &c.; Terms — Under £30, cash; above that sum, an approved bill 11 1 tliree months. PURE SAXON' HAMS. James Byrnes lias received instructions to ShK hy Auction, in the Market Plnce CiirrHiu»ttii,on Tl'KSDA Y , the S2nd of J.munry, Qflft TWO YEAR OLD SAXON *JV/VT KAAJjj, with their FIwl-i.** oa, in Lots of Five or Ten, to suit purchasers ; tbny ar« from the celebrated Flocks of the late \V. K. Riley, Ksc| - , of Kaby, und warranted puro blood. J. H. heps to cull the nttRntion of Wool Growers to this mo-t fjvnroule opportunity nf improving tlieir Flocks, li:ivm^ ui uncti tuo moans put within their reiioh of introducing both purn blood and 11 long staple. Tflmia made known at the time of Sula. TO BE SOLD TiY AUCTION By V/St JJodds. Oh FRIDAY, the luth January, at tun Uniuu Hotel. iWnitlnml. I^ROM twenty to thirty Working flitl oclia, with Yokes, Mows, and Cliaini complete Drays, Carts, a vatietv of Agricultural Imple ments, together with a various quantity of Household Furniture A few Hrood !W:tres and Horse*, the propnrty of a G'entlumnn about to leave tbe Colonv From fiiWn to twenty tons of Messrs liarker & II alien's Seconds Flour. ALSO, A smalt Flock of three hundred Young Ewe« t warranted free from disease A Portable Thrashing (Machine, tvitli a Piano mid a variety of HoushIioIU Furniture, See. Terms of Sole — Under £30, cash; above that sum, approved endorsed hills at three mouths. J. T. 'Wilson Announces, that at the request of several Indi viduuis, dpsiroiiH of closing sundry Accounts, tin has been induced to hold a FAN'CY' SALE.TO-MORKOW EVENING, at hulf past Seven for Eight o'clock, when ha will offer OXE of the finest selections of FANCY GOODS ever opened in ibu Paris of Australia. Terms &o.; at Sale. JT. T. Wilson Will Sell by Auction, immediately after (hit Sal* of Beef, &cc.; on FRIDAY next, the 4th of January, ' 200 noZEN superior PORT, in 180 Dopen ditto Sherry ditto 100 Dozen d.tto Clarsc 50 disks bottle Ale 32 Ditto (Into Porter A quantity of Cider, in S dor.cn. c»«ki With a great variety of other WiueH and Spirit *. Terms declared at Snln. dfann, CooU'ss ft.fbei*. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By J. T. Wilson, On TUESDAY, the '22nd dav of Juimnrv, 18:39. at his established Sale Kooins, at h.ilf pnst Eleven for Twelve o'clock, I^HE undermentioned valuahle Furni, containing by admeasurement 20 Acres. It is bounded by the Lund or K..H. Smtlniiu and Dudley Keith, F.sqrB., und Ihe waters of COOK'S KIVEK. Tbe qunli'V of tliu soil is ricblv alluvial, and well adapted to Herictilturnl purposes — to lb» Immigrant especially, this would be mi excel l-nt opportunity for the investment ol ciijiiml. ind 'imI lur superior to tiny winch could be auirstoited iu h Mercantile point of view, while every evening lin would retire from hi* dntlv toil in'h- (nil rmi soiounness ol Having udded ani-tber Uhv s Imreusa to the value of ill « prdpertv; ite dUaiice la luewise b-it triflmir from tli« metropolis, tho t rendering it oT eimy access to those who have a busiucs. 10 ult'tidto iu Sydtuy. Terms tinu C juditiona made known at tima of Sole. A I'lsn li-- f J' »''l''cllun Bttn» Hcomt. 