MISCELLANEOUS FOREIGN. The disastrous result of the expedition of the French army in Africa against Abd-el-Kader is the principal subject of the Paris newspapers, The Moniteur of Wednesday fills ten columns with Marshal Vallee's despatch, dated Algiers, May 27th, and containing a narrative of his operations. It appears that the return to Algiers was very hasty, and that the French were constantly attacked in their rear by the Arabs. Indeed, that was their fate on the onward march 5 for the enemy immediately re-occupied the ground from which they had been driven, and always seemed to be surrounding the invaders. There were eight serious engagements— the last on the retreat at Medeah, when Marshal Vallée says the Arabs fought with extraordinary fury. He considers this a drawn battle ; but the Courrier Francois, on private authority, says that the Arabs had chased the French. The Marshal's tone is aplogetical ; he complains that his army was only nine thousand strong, as he was compelled to leave a large force to garrison numerous points in the neighbourhood of Algiers ; he hopes, however, that the serious loss sustained by the troops of Abd-el-Kader has crippled his resources, and rendered future operations less difficult. The total loss of the French is put down at 149 killed and 594 wounded ; but the Journal des Debats makes it much heavier. The National accuses the Marshal of hesitation, of ignorance of the enemy's movements, issuing orders and counter-orders without judgment or foresight, imprudent bivouacs, want of attention to his cavalry, and neglect of the wounded. It was reported in Paris, that Marshal Vallée had been recalled, and that General Cubieres or General Trezel would take the chief command at Algiers. — Spectator. A vessel from Canton brings news from China to the 4th of February. Commissioner Lin had purchased one American and seized two Danish merchantmen, to be converted into vessels of war to resist the British invaders. He was also desirous of contracting for the building of fire-boats. The Portuguese Governor of Macao had refused permission to Captain Elliot to put British merchandize under his protection on payment of the regular duties. The Chinese had ordered a force of 16,000 men to March to Macao, to expel the British ; and Captain Elliot had warned the merchants to retire to their ships. All this looks warlike ; it evinces a spirit of resistance, which may protract the contest, though in the first onset the British superiority in belligerent appliances of every kind must sweep all before it. Our expedition ought by this time to be at no great distance from the coast of China. The Queen Mab, Captain Ainley, which sailed from Macao, on the 21st of Feb., arrived at Liverpool on Saturday afternoon, bring ing the Canton Press to the 19th. " It is believed." says this paper, " on the best authority, that the public despatches by the Mor confirm the propriety of Captain Elliot's conduct in withdrawing the British residents from Canton, and doing all in his power to prevent their return thither. The instructions are not precise nor definite, but if we can place any reliance on what we hear, Captain Elliot's measures are generally supported by the home Government." It is added, that it is understood that all future negotiations with the Chinese are to be conducted by the Indian Government. An edict from the Emperor had been received at Canton on the 12th of February. It inquired of the local Government as to the policy of excluding all foreigners whatever, and, if the Government approved of the measure, authorizing it to give effect to it without referring to Pekin. Lin had been super seded in the governorship of Canton, and appointed Governor of the two Kwang provinces. He returned the seal to the Emperor by the hands of the late Governor Tang, who, it was rumured, would be the new Governor of Canton. The Supreme Court of Calcutta have, in a grave question relating to the recent opium proceedings in China, given an opinion in favour of the binding power and efficacy of Capt. Elliott's " proclama tions."— India Telegraph. Died, at Magazon, Bombay, William M'Cullum, Esq., mer chant, proprietor and editor of the Bombay Gazette. He had but re cently married Miss Agness Northhouse, the youngest sister of the lady of Mr. Northhouse, parliamentary agent, who had been shortly before his death prematurely confined, and being weak, it was proposed to take a drive in their carriage, when Mr. M'Cullum was seized with sickness, and from a state of perfect health, in the bloom of life, he was a corpse in three hours. This gentleman had peculiar claims on the sympathy of the people of Bombay. Having inserted a letter in his journal on certain practices in the navy, which was thought to reflect upon Sir John Malcolm, he was tried for libel ; and, though it was proved that he had struck out the offensive expressions before insertion, a stratagem was used to see the letter in its original state by a pretended friend, who had accepted an invitation to dine with him, and from this Judas-like treachery he was found guilty, and sentenced to a very large fine and imprisonment, having been tried by a special jury. The people of Bombay were so indignant at the circumstances, that the prosecutors and their friends were publicly pelted. To such an extent does arbitrary power prevail in India, that the very counsel who defended him was deprived of a situation he held for having dared to do so. Such is the independence of the Oriental bar. That almost indispensable refrigerator, ice, is now supplied in India pretty regularly ; mostly from America. A cargo, lately from Boston, consisted of 447 tons of ice, with sundry barrels of apples and pears. Letters from Trebisond fully confirm the news of the recent successes of the Circassians against the Russians. Wherever the Russian garrisons had been taken, they had all been put to the sword. This was especially the case at Fort St. Nicholas, where 1,000 men were thus put to death. The commander of another Russian fort had blown up the works and all the garrison, sooner than surrender. The statue of Guttenberg, the inventor of printing, is to be inaugurated on the 25th of next month at Strasbourg. The King of Denmark has abolished the use of the whip in colonies, and published an ordonnance allowing slaves to purchase their freedom. Paganini, who has been so often killed, died at Nice on the 27th of May, after a lingering illness. He has left one son, who inherits a large fortune. Paganini's remains were embalmed, to be removed to Genoa, his native town, for interment. \i&\ The project for cutting through the Isthmus of Panama is, it seems, at length about to be realized. Transports have been freighted by a number of French engineers for the conveyance of tools and mate rials of all sorts necessary to the undertaking ; and the formation of the canal will be commenced immediately on their reaching the Isthmus. " A baker of Coutances," says the Cherbourg paper; " was pulled up the other day for selling bread under weight. He alleges as ap. excuse that he intended this bread for his English customers, and that he would not cheat his French customers for all the world ! The rogue was fined according to law." The horse which the Prince of Orange mounted at the battle Waterloo, and which died not long ago at the extreme age of 38 ypars and 7 months, has been stuffed at Brussels, by order of his royal high- ness, and the public have been admitted to see it. The ships of war to be kept in commission by the Govern- ment of the United States for the present year, are one line of battle ship of 90 guns, four frigates of 52 guns each, two of 46, twelve of 24, two of 20 guns, five of 16, seven of 10, and one steamer ; total— 34 vessels, mounting 868 guns. The British navy, consists of 141 vessels, mounting 4,148 guns, besides steamers. A prosecution is now pending at Copenhagen which has ex cited general interest in that capital. M. Magens, the King's Attorney- General at the Island of St. Thomas, has accused General Scholten, the governor of the island, of dealing in slaves, and even using the Govern ment ships in this traffic, which Denmark was one of the first powers to suppress. On board several slave ships, captured by the English, docu ments have been found which appear to prove incontestibly this nefa rious act, and several English officers have been called as witnesses. The populace are so indignant at the disgraceful conduct of the General, that they assemble before his house at Copenhagen, where he happens at present to be, and assail him with cries of reprobation, and at the same time hail M. Magens with shouts of applause. — Galighani's Mes senger. Sir Charles Metcalfe having expressed a wish to collect in formation relative to the cultivation of silk in Jamaica, a letter has been addressed to him on the subject, by a gentleman who is rearing silk worms in Montserrat, and is of opinion that the mulberry plants called " Philippines" are better suited to the West Indian climate than the " Morus multicaulis," which has found such warm advocates. He con siders that the raising of silk is a branch of industry exactly suited to the West Indies, where he thinks great advantages will be enjoyed over those in Europe or America, since, instead of one crop per annum, one per month can be obtained all the year round. He has ascertained that one acre of plants will yield 10,000 lb. of picked leaves, which, on the assumption that 152 lbs. of leaves will yield 1 lb. of reeled silk, gives 66 lb. per acre. Hence, if there be only three crops in the year, they will yield 198 lb. of silk, which is always worth £1 per pound. He also considers that the culture will be beneficial as giving employment to a large class of females, who, he thinks, may be most advantageously em ployed as reelers. It is stated that there has been recently presented to the Mu- suem of the Asiatic Society of Bengal, the skin of a boa, which mea- sured twenty feet in length. When shot, the boa measured twenty-one feet ! It had swallowed a spotted deer, which was taken out of the in side not too much decomposed for the spots on the skin to be quite dis tinct. Where the deer was the skin measured three feet one inch across.'' In proof of the stability of Mehemet Ali's dynasty Mr. Wag- hom mentions the unfortunate fact that one of the Pacha's sons, a boy of nineteen, commands an eighty-gun ship. The Guiana Chronicle of April 6th says, — " Fifty thou sand dollars have been subscribed by some Negroes working on planta tions Lusignan and Anandale, East coast of the river Demerara, for the purchase of an estate called New Orange Nassau, the property of J. A. Holmes, Esq. The cash will be paid in silver dollars, within the space of a fortnight ; when the plantation will be turned into sugar-cultivation, cotton and plantains being its present produce." * * * " We look upon this second purchase as an omen of the growing prosperity of the colony, and as tending to advance materially the cause of immigration. Here have two estates been purchased in the space of a year and eight months from the termination of the apprenticeship, by a few labouring men who were lately slaves ! Why, when this is heard in America and the West Indian Islands, we defy the stoppage of the stream of immigration into this province." A letter from Mobile, dated May 18, says :— " The weather is very stormy here. I landed during the hurricane last night. Melan choly to relate, there have been 26 men lost, who were out fishing from this place." In the Albany Evening Journal there is an account of a young Vermonter, the son of a Mr. Denslow Barber, of Richmond, Chit tenden county, who, though but three years and eleven months old, is 4 feet in height, weighs about 100 lbs., and with the exception of a slight curve of the legs below the knee, occasioned by walking too early, and the great weight of the body, is in every respect proportioned like a man, and has the muscular strength of a boy of sixteen. The general express sion of the face exhibits the sprightliness and prying curiosity of the child of six or eight years, while the hair, whiskers, voice, and physical linea ments are those of a man of thirty. The following trait of female heroism is related by the Insu- laire, of Bastia, in Corsica :— " A notorious bandit, Antona Pancrace, of Frasseto, had repeatedly threatened to assassinate an inhabitant of the commune, Michel Mariani. Having fallen in with him by surprise, near his own cottage, Pancrace first fired upon Mariani, and then attacked him with a stiletto. The report of the shot called out Mariani's family ; and his sister, Maria Antonia, having armed herself with a knife, went to the rescue of her brother. After exchanging several wounds with it for stabs with the stiletto of Pancrace, she succeeded in releasing her brother from his grasp, but she herself was so much injured that she died the following day. The bandit was also mortally wounded, for he was found dead the same day in a wood at no great distance," A judge down west was lately so equally and strongly di- vided in opinion. upon the question, whether robbery was cheating or borrowing, that he fell in two. — American Paper. 