NO POPERY. We spurn toleration, says the organ of Popery, in this Colony. We fling back with contempt and disdain the insult implied in the very terms " toUration," . We stand here upon it a footing of perfect equality with the Chute!) is of England, and therefore refuse to acknow" Is ledge that to be a boon which we enjoy by to right. Mark this, yo friends to toleration, you who build so many baseless hopes upon the application of the conciliatory and soothing system; read it ye Statesmen who advocated is the Bill of 1829; you have cherished the it I snake-you have restored it to life and vigour, and now, snake-like, it turns round and bites te I you. a I Let Protestants mark the altered tone of the bland Apostolic Day Pouhling. Let them weigh it well the conclusions to be deduced from the by speeches delivered at the late Popish gathering of the " Catholic Institute ;" let them ponder upon the meaning and significance to be at 1, | tached to Father Ullathorne's inflated and ht/perbolicalreply to Judge Burton, and though last, not least, Father Ullathorne's speech at the " Catholic Institute ;'' yes, and let our conciliating gentry reflect upon the results likely to flow from the political combination now openly, proclaimed by the existence of the- ii Du Catholic Institute." Let them remember Doctor Pouldiiig's announcement, that for every shilling voluntarily subscribed by the people, one pound would be furnished by whom? by the College of Propaganda in Rome! The wealth of this said College is boundless; its object universal supremacy, but 1\. paramount to every other consideration with of the Sovereign Pontiff, is the subjugation of if Britain and its dependencies to the spiritual control of the See of Rome. In Great Britain, to its eternal shame be it spoken, Temples, dedicated to Romish Paganism, are] rearing their monster heads in every direction. Monasteries and Convents, Shrines and Crosses, stamp the march of the "Scarlet Where" through every County. Oxford and Cambridge, the Infidel University of London, are now, by Royal command, thrown open to the admission of Papistical Students, and lest any thing should remain which might be inter prétro-'íñto a latent respect for P>ot<¿tantisin,\ the public at races, ordered to be observed on the 5th of November, commemorative of the narrow escape of King and Parliament from violent death, planned by Popish craft, are ordered to be discontinued 1 ! What is the next sop to be thrown to the Cerberus ? Why ! j the repeal, or abolition of the oath of Supremacy and the admission of Popish Prelates to a seat in the House of Peers, on the exclusion of Protestant Bishops from seats in that as ( sembly. We, or rather Protestants, are taunted j by their usurping antagonists with the cry of j t " The Church is in danger." Your plethoric Bishops, your indolent Deans and Prebenda- ries, your lethargic Rectors, and your starving Curates, are joining in one harmonious yell of j .' The Church is in danger," because there is ] now some prospect of your being compelled to disgorge a part, if not all, the self tyranienlly extorted from an unwilling multitude. Yes, 1 this is the insulting language held by Papists ( and political dissenters towards the Ministers and Stewards of God's mysteries, and to the descendants of that noble at my of martyrs, whose blood watered the Church that their wisdom and devotion purified from the gross j pollutions introduced into it by the worshippers of the Beast. To all such Christian believers I can answer with calmness, u The who is the / chief corner stone of the spiritual edifice, of of which we are the living stone, has promised a I will be with you even unto the end. ' the gates of Hell shall not prevail against you.' " We apprehend no danger to the Church, at i though we may reasonably and righteously j apprehend the greatest danger to the Civil State, from the open encouragement given by rulers and others to a sect of the human family, whose principal object is to enslave the minds, of mankind in order that it may (as in times] past) subjugate their bodies, and eventually destroy their souls. We care not what motives may be imputed to us for reviving in our readers memories recollections of the past. We are perfectly indifferent to the opinions of that class of persons who hold, or feign to hold, that religion is too sacred a subject to be canvassed in the columns of a newspaper. Our observation of mankind has enabled us to discover that, generally speaking, those who entertain so extremely sensitive a respect for religious matters, carry their sensibilities to so great an extreme, that in private, as well as in public, they are equally averse from intermeddling with spiritual affairs; or in other words, their notions of religion are so profoundly respectful, that they will not venture even to consider its moral obligations. . We disclaim any feeling akin to such sentiments of profound and unimaginable admiration of religion. Religion, is, or ought to be, the basis of all our actions and he who deliberately under- takes to do that upon which he cannot implore God's blessing through Christ, cannot be a ' Christian in hearts A modern poet and a member of the apostate Church says-" Come, push round the glass, and leave points of belief " To simpleton sages and reasoning fools' ' A piece of advice perfectly consistent with t Romanism, and equally palatable to profligates J of every creed ; but dare any man who calls himself by the name of Christian, in the face of his high profession assert, that a public jour- f nalist has no right to strengthen his arguments by an appeal to the commands of God ? Shall A we be told that a faithful discharge of our pub- of the obligations does not call upon us to inter- meddle with the religious concerns of others? or are we to confine our observation to the merg A (political bearing of every question with which religion is more or less associated ? WAR gave a " Master we are of a " sect" our wish is to obey the one, and through Him to advance the interests of the other; and we feel that we are doing both by inciting in our readers an interest in things which pertain in no small degree to their temporal health, and more particularly to their eternal welfare. The doctrines of Popery are not more dangerous to the soul's salvation, than inimical to our temporal happiness and we contend that the purity of the faith we profess profitcth us nothing, if that faith produces in us no corresponding practical results. We have never at tempted to conceal, nor even to disguise, our feelings of hostility towards Popery and Lao decean Protestantism. We glory in proclaim- ing our deadly hatred towards Popery. We may be told in doing some glory i i our shame ; such shame! is our pride 1 We would leave no lawful effort untried-no expedient were sorted to, to engender in the hearts of all who read our opinions and arguments, feelings of the most undying, unquenchable hatred, to wards the unscriptural doctrines of the Church of Rome. But at the same time we do as firmly deny that we entertain the same feelings towards the persons who profess so false and pernicious a creed. Our hostility towards the persons of Papists extend no further than to their acts. When Papists act upon the principles inculcated by their creed, then of course hostility becomes personal. We believe, and we have season to doubt, that if Popery continues to receive the countenance and open encouragement which it has, within the last five or six years, in this Colony if Papistical immigration is not effectually checked, such as is the state and condition of the Spanish American Colonies at this present moment, will be the state and condition of this Colony. We do not require to appeal to the testimony of Maria Monk, to " Miss Reid's Six Months in a Convent to the villainous attempt made so recently upon the life and chastity of Miss Byrne, by two Popish ruffians. No ! noTlo the written and published testimony of the Unitarian Blanco'White to prove that what Popery ever has been Popery ever will be. No ! we point attention to the moral and political condition of existing Papistical nations, and whether we review the state of infidel France, besotted Belgium, bigotted Spain, Italy, Portugal, or South America, the only conclusion to be arrived at is, that wherever Popery predominates there does morality, and with it temporal prosperity, suffer. What does Italy, once the emporium of the arts and sciences, present us with A lovely country, enjoying at the bountiful hand of Nature every blessing, every physical advantage which, under other circumstances, would render it the most wealthy, is not the most powerful among Continental nations. What is Spain? Biased with a climate and a soil capable of producing every thing that man requires, abounding in minerals of the most valuable description, and fur geographical position so situated as to embrace the commerce of the world, with a race of people not sur- passed in natural qualifications by any other nation on earth; yet who will deny that Spain and Italy are behind the rest of Europe in every thing that tends to national greatness? Cross we the Western Atlantic, Compare Spanish America with the United States. The United States were peopled and planted by Protestant England!; South America by Popish Spain and Portugal. We cannot institute a comparison between these two divisions of the Western Continent, but how striking is the contrast 1 Return to Ireland, and how stands the case? How comes it that Ulster, confessedly the poorest division of Ireland as respects soil and climate, is, nevertheless, so much superior to Munster? The contrast between Protestant Ulster and Popish Munster is so very striking, that the most unobservant traveller never fails to remark it. Go then into the Swiss Cantons, and the contrast is still observable. The Protestant Cantonments are in every respect superior to the Popish. Go to India; visit Goya, and compare its slate with any similar British settlement : the same difference is observable. Go up the Hooghly ; visit the Danish settlement of Se rampage, and then go a few miles higher to the Portuguese settlement of Handel, and mark the difference; in fact, go from the private resi- dence of a Papist to that of a Protestant, in similar circumstances and rank in society, and precisely the same difference is observable : contrast, and not similitude, meets the inquirer wherever he goes. No, we do not join in theory of " the Church is in danger." The Church of England stands upon the rock of ages. Danger cannot reach it, though trial and tribulation may visit it. Per- secution will but prove its intrinsic worth, and tear from its outward communion its faithless friends. No, the Church cannot be in danger while it holds the form of sacred words, and teaches the pure and unadulterated doctrines of the Gospel. The servant is not above his Lord Jesus was spat upon, reviled, and crucified; his Apostles, in like manner, were persecuted, stoned, and variously put to violent death ; but faith still lived, and righteousness surmounted the storm that gathered for its destruction But though we deny the possibility of danger to the Church of Christ, we are not quite so visionary as to imagine that danger may not visit the temporal possessions of the Church. While we read with devout admiration the patient endurance of evil of the Waldenses, we confess we do not desire to be driven to the midnight shades of the mountain to offer up your prisons to the Lord and Giver of Life ; therefore would we rouse the dormant spirit of Protestants to a sense of the danger which threatens them. We call upon them to discourage by every lawful means the encroach- ments of Papists. Civil and religious freedom cannot exist where the supremacy of the DE VXL'S VICEGERENT is fully recognised. In the foregoing observations it may be thought that we have been unnecessarily pointed in some of our remarks. We beg to explain our reason. We have been admonished to avoid religious disputation ; we have been told that religion is too sad a subject to be discussed in a newspaper. Ptiliiics, commerce, arts and sciences, are the legitimate subjects for newspaper writers to discuss. We say-" this do; Out leave not the other undone." The signs of the times admonish us that we I should be up and doing; viewing, therefore, the signs of modern times, we should feel that we were neglecting a very sacred obligation were we to omit to ring in the ears of our Tra- ders No Popery No peace with Rome ! - No Surrender ! 