COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. (From the 'Colonial Gazette, June 10 ) Another West India mail has arrived since our last publication. Its contents have in no degree tended to dissipate the apprehensions which former accounts of the condition and prospects of most of the West Indian Colonies had created. Trinidad seems to prosper, but from Jamaica and Demerara tho accounts are very gloomy. Even Sir Charles Metcalfe, whom at one time we were inclined to christen " Prosperity" Metcalfe, is compelled, though in very cautious terms, to admit that between the peasantry and their employers serious grounds of difference exist.- Smooth words and a pleasant demeanour will do much ; but cannot convert independent "helps," as, in Yankee phrase, the blacks may be called, into steady and obedient servants. Neither can they prevent the former owners of these capricious emancipists from occasionally abus- ing lawful authority. The result is not only a very unpleasant state of society, but great waste of capital ; which nothing but extensive labour-immigration can stop. Shifting the scene from Jamaica to British Guinea—from long-cultivated to virgin soils— we still find the same mischief at work. Lord John Russell's " blessed change," by which field labourers are converted into " petty-traders," and sugar planters hurried to ruin, is there beheld in rapid progress to- wards fulfilment. Lord John Russell con- templates the process with cool satisfaction, and avows the pleasure he derives from it. -He offers a partial relief on ignominious terms. Double the Civil List, he says, and you may spend a portion of the revenue 'in procuring labour; but if you reject an offer which your necessities alone encouraged me to make, then let your colony become a wil- derness. Lord John Russell and the official of Guiana went too far. The nominee of the Colonial Office carried the new Civil List through the Court of Policy; but the Com- bined Court, where the inhabitants have repre- sentatives, insisted upon a complete control of the revenues of the colony during the 21 years for which the Civil List is asked, with liberty to import labourers, under proper re- gulations,from any quarter. They even added to the gross amount of the Civil List ; and though they reduced some salaries, increased the sums applicable to the highest uses. Their conduct, in fact, -was most honorable and praiseworthy. But they are likely to pay dear for their independence. The exchequor of the colony will be shut to its most urgent want until the fiat from -Downing street ar- rives, rejecting, probably, the terms offered by the colonists. Meanwhile the finest estates are going to ruin from want of labour to cul livate them, and the exportable produce of some of the richest soil in the world rapidly decline in quantity. The overland mail from India brings war- like news from Calcutta. *Thc Chinese autho- rities woro annoying the British lleet of merchantmen with fire-boats; but so clumsily were the -operations performed, that uo seri- ous injury was inflicted by the explosion of some cargoes of combustibles. The Manda- rins, however, are only practising as yet; should the wars last two or three years, they may become formidable, for the Chinese are neither stupid nor cowardly. The men who sat doggedly in their juuks under the.fire of the British triga te lill several hundreds vvero; slnugbtered, possessed a courage milich might' be made available, at least in a defensive war. The troops and vessels destined for the ex- pedition had left Madras and Calcutta ;. anti ive may soon expect to bear of their arrival off the coast of China. There was no forte to oppose them at sea. Commissioner Liu hail purchased some American, and seized Danish trading ships to convert them into frigates, an indication of* an attempt to fight ; but the idea of doing battle against one of the best appointed armaments that ever went to sea, with such craft, appears to be ridiculous to Europeans. In the meantime, the smuggling trade in opium is carried on in vessels "armed to the teeth." Indirectly we have intelligence relating lo New Zealand* Captain Hobson had been sworn in at Sydney as " eventual" Lieutenant Governor of New Zealand, and was about to proceed immediately te undertake the duties °f his anticipated Government. According lo Sydney and Port Phi.lip papers, be lost no tiuie in appointing a numerous staff of func- tionaries to act under him'in his then unac qnircd dominions. When Mr. Motheroouulry reads the long list of Secretaries, Controllers, Collectots, Magistrates, and Crown lawyers, ho surely will bogin to regard New Zealand with affection, us likely to afford a rotuge for many jobbers and place-hunters. Singular Historical Parallel.-In looking overa tile of old papers, wo ' are surprised lo lind, a paragraph under ihe date. " May 27' 1703," as ioll.iws:-"John Ernst was tried before Lord Kenyon, and lound guilty of utter- ing seditious expressions at the Percy Coffee- house, Rathbone Place. The seditions words were-' I am for equality. I seo no reason why ono man should be greater than another. I would have no kiug, and the constitution of the country is a bad one."' Mr. Frost was sentenced lo be struck of the roll of attorneys; to be imprisoned six months: to stand in the pillory ; and give security for his good beha- viour. This was in " ihe «nod old limes, when Gcorgo the Third was kiug." The words of the poor at lornev are such as would now pass unnoticed. Tbey are mildness itself, compared with language daily uttered and printed in the present day, W hat nonsense, then, to talk of-the decay of liberties Gates- head, Observer. 'Taxes in England.-Taxes upon every article which enteis into the mouth, or covers tho back, or is placed under ihe foot, taxes upon livery thing which is pleasant to see, hear, feell, smeU, and taste; taxes upon warmth, light, and locomotion ; taxes on everything on earth, and waters under the earth ;on every- thing that comes from abroad, or is groivn at home ; taxes on the raw material ; taxes on every article thal is added to it by the industry of man ; taxes on the sauce which pampers man's appetite, and the drug that restores him to health ; on (he cum ¡ne which decorates the judge, anti the rope which bungs a criminal ; on the brass-nails of the collin, and the ribands of tho bride ; at bed or at board, couchant or levant ; we must pay. The school-boy whips his taxed top.; the beardless youth -manages his taxed horse with a taxed bridle on a taxed road ; and the dying englishman, pouring his «medicine>which has paid seven per cent, into a spoon which has paid thirty per cent., throws himself back npon his chintz bed which has paid twenty two per ocut., makes his will, and expires in the arms of an apothecary who has paul £100 for the privilege of putting bim to death. His whole property is then taxed from two to ten per cent. ; besides, the pro- bate, largo lees arc demanded for burying him in ihe chancel; hi* virtues are handed down to posterity on taxed marble ; and he is theo gathered to li s fathers lo be tax- il no more.-¡Sydney Smith in -the Jidinhurgh Re view. Sfiiie.'y-and Drunkensss.-The sober man, ? by the strength of reason, may keep omdor and subdue every vice or lolly to which he is most inclined. Drunkoncss gives fury to the passions, ami force totho-e objects which are apt lo produce ihem. When a young fellow complained lo an old philosopher thal his wifo was not handsome-" put less water in your' wine,''says philosopher," and you will quickly make her-so." 'Wine heightens i ti diffère ii co into -love, love into jealously, and jealously into madness. It often turns the good-natured man into an idiot, and the choleric into au assassin. It gives bitterness to resentment, it makes vanity insupportable, and displays every little spot of the soul in its utmost de- formity. 'Wine throws a man out of himself, and infuses qualities into the mind which she is a-stranger to, in her sober moments. . The persons jon converse willi, after the third bot- tle, is not the same man who first sat down to table with you - and to jest upon a niau that is drunk -is lo injure the absent. Druukeu ness, besides its ill effects upon (he body, in- sensibly weakens the understanding, impairs the memory, -and makes those faults habitual which are produced by frequent excesses. True National Spirit.-Testimony of an enlightened Frenchman to the merits of Eng land and Germany.-The true greatness of a people does notcousist in borrowing nothing from other« but in bon owing from all what- ever is good, and in perfecting whatever it ap- propriates. I am as great an enemy as any one to artificial imitations ; but it is mere pusillanimity to reject a thing for no other reason than tliat.it has been thought good by others. "With tho promptitude and justness of the french-understanding, and the indes- tructible unity of national character, we may assimilate -all that is good in other countries, without fear of -ceasing to be ourselves. Placed iu the centre of Europe, possessing -every -variety of climate, bordering on all civilised nations, and holding perpetual ?intercourse with them, Franco is essentially cosmopolitan ; and indeed this is the main source of her great influence. Besides, civi- lized (Europe now forms hut one great fa- mily. We constantly imitate England in all tliat concerns outward life, tho mechani- cal arts, and physical refinements ; -why, then, should we blush to borrow something from kind, honest, pious, learned Germany, in what regards inward life and the nurture of the soul ?-Victor Cousin's Report on the State of Public Instruction in Prussia. Moorish Literary Re unimis.-In the win- ter time, the evening parties are more re- gular than iu summer. A learned alfaquir of Toledo was accustomed in the months of December and January, to assemble thirty or forty mon of letters every evening. In the centre of this hall, there was a great vase of the height of a man, full of burning charcoal, and all around were spread carpets and cushions of «ilk'and wool, anti the walls were linedwith figured stuffs. Each sal at the distance he best liked from the fire, and a hispe or verse from the Koran, or some new and favourite poem, was read and dincussed. Meantime perfumes were handed round, anti rose water sprinkled on the guests ; after which, a table was brought iu, on which were various dishes of mutton and kid, and stews, with oil4 then followed different prepara- tions, of milk, boiled and frothed, butter, sweetmeats, and fruit. The drink of such as did not transgress the Koran, was sherbet of various kinds. The most usual was that like our lemonade; but it was often flavoured with other fruits besides lemons, aud even flowers. The Mastodon in Texas.-This remark- able fossil quadruped, it appears, existed also in Texas, as well as in almost every latitude of tbe. United States south of 45 deg. A late Texas paper says, General Deinyss has succeeded in disinterring nearly all the bones of ihe mastodon, found two miles below Bas trop, near the Colorado. 