SHIP NEWS. STEAM-The steamer James Watt, which has liee-u undergoing very extensive alterations, is now on the patent slip, where she is detained for want of sufficient water to float bcr off, (by the bye, ! there must he something amiss with the slip, fur it is nut long since the Tamar was jammed in the cradle,) The immense sponson frame which made the James fVatt so very heavy, has been removed, and she will now float much lighter on the water, her engines which have been thoroughly - cleaned and put in order, are forty-live horse power each, and with her boile« are quite ready to put into the boat when she is ready. Mr Grose feels confident Chat the James lVatt will Ita fit f not been detained at the slip, she would have been running next week. Until some steamers an ive from England, the will run to Hunter's Rivtr. The Melrose, brig, reooits having sprken the brig Rapid, from Adelaide bound to Launceston, o'l the 14th instant, in the Straits. The Rajas* than and John and the Branken Moore, from London, »it h Immigrants, ai rived at Adelaide be. fore the sailing i,f the Melrofe. Tim Sophia anived on Wednesday last, with ineickaudize and many respectable passengeis ; she spoke no vessels during the voyage. It will be recollected that the occasion of the vessel's detention, was her having run foul of the Lord Goderich, when coining through the Channel, tvheuliy she sustained much damage, having cart ¡eil away both the fore and mainmasts ; she was necessarily obliged to put back and she sailed again on lim 22nd October ; bringing no news. The long looked for vessel, the Cumberland, has anived at lust. She sailed on the 1,9th Oct. and since then, i xpt-rienced very contrary winds, which caused the. delay. TIIÍH vessel was once a steam-boat, trading between Liverpool and Scot- land, and is now conveited into a baique. She has every appearance of being well adapted for a steamer and would do admirably well for the Poit Phillip trade. Captain Osborne, stiys that she sails remarkably fast-he passed every vesstl he saw. She appeals to be well fitted up for pas&engeis; and wè have no doubt would carry a great many. Her tonnage is-101-and apparently not so long as the generality of steamers ; she has a very great beam, iti fact under our present circumstances she would Le usi ful to our Col, ny as a steamer The Cumbet land spoke the Columbia, Captain Wakem, from Liverpool, bound to Poit Phillip, on the 1st instant, in lat 23. SO. se ti ti), long. 95. 28. east-aii weil, and on the lit h instant she spoke the Euphrates, C.tptain Wilson, from Sydney, bound to Java, lo the.irestward of Bas-i's Straits. The Bengal arrived from London, on Wednes- day last willi merchandise. She reports having spoken the Mary Eliza, on the 3rd December, Iron) London, b. und to Pott Phillip, out forly-two days, in lal. 1. 30. north long 25. SO. tvest-all j weil. Also a Danish baique mimed the Alvina and Cla ra, from Rio, bound to Ti ¡este out twenty days. Tliis vessel has brought out one entire hot se and one Durham bull. The H'oodla idge with male convict.«, brinps no news, having sailrd on thea12lb October ; she put I into the Cape for lefrethmrnts. Only one man died I nn l",u,.,l »I.!* .-.'...I J..-!- »L- . un noa io uns vessel during tbe voyage, the re- mainder have all arrived iu goud health. The Buffalo has brought out the political con- victs fiom Quebec, une of whom murdeied Lieut, Weir, at the commencement of the rebellion. She will | rocecd to Ni w Zealand, for timber. TI t Marian Watson was to have' sailed im. medately from Hobatt Town after the Buffalo for Sydiiev. The Integiily, Captain Pearson, was laid on at Ilobait Town foi Port Nicholson. iTfltrv-'ccli. tarroni r i'J.id,- u*V.W? i\ni«5'íi*'í¡,£ay Tie? ituc-topniast and fou-top-gallant-mast, on the 19th of that month. She lost the Cat neuter and one boy overborn .1. ThtWcst Indian, Captain Ailhui, sailed from Poitsmouth, on the 27th O.tober,for Ilobait T,wn. Toe Risk, Captain Tilomas, fioin the Sutith Seas, arrived in the Down«, October 27 T-e Clyde, 490 ton., tapt. Vlatchis, wasadveitised to sail fiom Liverpool on the 10th November, r. r Sydney diitct. The Lama, Ca| tain Day, fiom Sydney, had arrived ut Liverpool and was laid on for Batavia to s.il on the ISthOetober. Toe William Wise, from ífiTíí'.14."' t,'ei8th,J!l,ne' "",vcd off Hastings. 18th October. The ship fl0/<0;i, was advertised to sail from London, positively on the 5th Novem lan-, for New Zealaud, with Emigrants. The Glen Huntly, Captain Buchanan, from Greenock to Sydney, struck on a sunken rock in the Sound of Prinara, but was got off on the flood and taken into Oban, on the 21st October; she would have to put back to Greenock to repair. The Charles Captain Hammera,. from the South Seas, arrived off Margate, on the 18th October. The Folk stone, fiom the South Seas entered towards at the London Custom House, 18th Oct. The Mon. tefiore, for Hobart Town, entered outwaids for loading on the 18th October. The Gltnbtrvie for New Zealand, sailed fiom Giavesend, 19th October. I he Mexborovgh, Captain Livingston, was advertised to sail potmvely on the 20th Nov. The Bl oi bornebury, 761 tons, Captain Bur. nelt, was to sail positively »u the 20th December. The new ship C/IIH«, 653 tons, WHS »dveilined to sail from Plymouth on the 26th November, with Marshall's Emigrants for Po.t Phillip and Sydney, touching at the Cape. The ship Coro mandel, 1 000 ton», Captain Loader, was ad ver. ti«edtosail fioin Plymouth on the 8th Janimiv, with Maitliall's Emigrants, for Polt Phillip "u'd Sydiuy, touching at the Cape The Weit Indian sailed fiom Deal on the 24th October, foi Hobait Town. Tlie ship England, 4SI tons, Captain Tzird, wasadveitised to sail fiom Lindon with all possible dispatch, for Sydney dinct. The William Monet/, 835 tons, Captain Green, was adveitised to meet with quick despatch on the 22nd October, for Sydney direct. The ship Thomas Bold, 600 tons, Captain Cui.iiigham, was under engagement to Het Majesty's Government, to sail pos.tively fiom London on the 27th Oct for Sydney direct. She witto call at Plymouth to embaik her passent rs. The ship Alexander, Captain Rams ty, R. N , had all her dead weight engaged on the 22nd Oct and would s iii with all possible despatch, lor Sydney diiett. The Mar garet Wilkie, Captain Smith, was loading at Greenock, on the 22nd October, for Sydney. The C. Jones, Ca|tain Fee, entered outwards at Liverpool on the 22nd October, far Sydney direct. The Oritnt, Captain Blown, from Lon. don, bound to Adelaide, put into Plymouth on the 3lst October. The ship Fíctorio, 590 tons Captain Sanders, wat advertising for Emigrants to Sydney and Ilobait Town, on the Sth Oct and wat to have sailed from Bristol the latter end' of October. The barque Btitannia, Captain Leith, wat odveitised to sail Irom .London ¡n the early part of November, foi Sydney direct. COLLISION AT S«A.-On the night of Sunday the ship Indus which bad sailed that morning horn Leith Roads.for Australia, with fifty.nine pus sengers, when off Montrose, ran on board the schoo ner J7o;ie, of Newcastle, then proceeding in ballast from Aberdeen lo Newcatt'e- The Indus was going befoie the wind, and ran light on boaid the Ho^e. and literally swept her decks, cairying away the mainmatt, and injuring the foremast so niucil mai ir. was auciwaius obliged to be cut away ; the cut-tyater, figure-head, and jib.booi» of the Indus being also carried away. Scveial of the crew of the Hope got on baard of the Indus but the schooner, wirti the master and two boy« drifted away a mere wreck on the water. She was fallen in with by two sloops and taken in tow. On Tuesday, the Benledi, on her passage from Dundee to Leith, fell in with them, and, at the request if the Captain, took the schooner in ttaw (the sloops proceeding on their respective voyages), and brought her to Crail, but aftei wards agreed', with Ihr consent of the passengers, to brinR her to Leith wcte the Hope now lies. The Indus put hack to Leith Rimds to relit.-Edinburgh Even, it g Past [She has sinie been repaired, and we have limul ol' lier anival at St, Jago ; she pioceed> to Port Phillip prior lo lu r coining ¡u to Sydney, t 