SHIP NEWS. Captain Banks, of the Juin, sjioke the whaling ship Mary, Captain Macdonald of Sydney, on the 10th of September, with two hundred aud forty barrels of oil. The Mary was fUhiug to the West- ward of Kingsmill Grjup.-The Juno alto heard of the Ouianna, Dalton, several months out, clean. The Planter, arrived fiom China, yesterday, nilli the following cargo:-two thousand five bundled chests Hyson Skin Tea, one thousand four hundred and five half chests H)son Skin Tea, four bundled and fifteen boxes Hyson Skin Tea, eighty chests Twankay Hyson Tea, two hundred chests Congo Tea, two hundred fifteen half chests Cougo Tea, one hundred and fifty boxes Twankay Hyson Tea, turee hundred and fifty boxes Antiuo Souchong Tea, five hundred and fifty boxes Caper Tea, sixty five boxes Pouching Tea, two hundred boxes fine Hyson Tea, six hundred chests Canton Hyson Skin Tea, three hundred and one half chests Canton Hyson Skin Tea, three hundred and twenty seven Bundles Split Rattans, one thousand cue hundred and forty-six bags Rice. She report« thal she had great difficulty in pro- curing her cargo, having been lying there four mouths, and at length sbe obtained it by hoisting Danish colors. The frances Charlotte, Mo. rayshire, and Canada, »11 from Sydney, sailed from Manilla for Syduey in the early part of Sep. Umber, Sydney, bad been condemned at Mamila, aud the captain was coming to Sydney by one of these ves- sels. The Giraffe, from Sydnry, had arrived at China, and took in five hundred chests of Tea which the Planter had not loom for, and intended to sail for Manilla, where she would fill up for Sydney. The,Clifford Wave American whaler was lying at Balli, with fifteen hundred burrel«, twelve months out. Port Phillip.-The Indemnity from S»dney had arrived at Port Phillip, and was udveiUsed to sail for Launceston, 17th instant. The Caroline, Captain Steins, had arrived, and wat to sail for Sydney, Ifith" instant. The Florentia, which ai rived yesterday, having made rather a lengthy voyage, brings no English news. She put ¡uto Rio on her way, where she learned that the Andromache, from Sydney, sailed for London September 21st. The Transfer sailed from Rio for Sydney October 2nd, and therefore may be hourly expected. The Florentia spoke the Cumberland, from liverpool for Sydney, November24th, in hit 87° 1' south, long. II« east, and on the lt'th November she spoke the ship Padang, from Rotterdam to Batavia, in lat. 37 ° south, long. 8 ° west, also the American whaler Phatnix, of Scarborough, itt lat. 39} ° south, long. 51 ° east. Her Majesty's ship Grecian was at Rio, having taken several slaver» ; Her Majesty's ship Stag was also at Kio. The Flo- rentia has brought out four Durham Bulls, and one Cow, four superior Rams, and a pack of Fox Hounds. The George Fife arrived from Tobermory, yesterday, with one hundred and seventy-eight Government Immigrants, under the superintendence of Andrew Liddell, Esq. The whole of the Immi- grants have arrived in excellent health, not one death occurred during the voyage. She spoke no vessels, and, having been one hundred and twenty days out, brings no news. A sailor, named Archi- bald Hamilton, unfortunately fell overboard during the voyage, and was drowned in spite of the efforts that were made to save him. The Prince George, revenue cutter, arrived, yesterday, from a cruiser to the southward, having been at Portland Bay, Western Port, and Port Phillip. The latter place she sailed from on last Friday. The schooner Minerva was on shore at Portland Bay, but with proper assistance Captain Moore says she might be got off. There had been no arrivals at Port Phillip since our last. The Governor Phillip spoke the Lady Black- wood, of Sydney, six weeks out clean. She reported to 'have spoken the Clarkstone, whaler, of Sydney, three weeks out clean. We have been requested "state that the ship Te>',y, belonging to the New Zealand Land Company, which was reported to have stranded, merely touched on a quick sand at the entrance of the Kiapara River, but worked herself off without injury 