.:. "oIa ictoria Cg ratt~ r, -o IR. AIRBABIN'S -o ARABIN takes this opportunity of returning 'i his grateful thanks to his Fnends and the Public, for their kind support on former occasions and begs leave respectfully to inform them, that his ]3enefit will take place on THIS EVENIZNCG, August 27, When he trusts that the Entertainments selected fo' ,their approval will ensure him a continuance of that Patronage which it will ever be his most anxious study to merit. The Performance will commence with ,(for the first time in this Colony,) a Traditionary Drama in 3 Acts, entitled :ETHEL W OL F; OR, THE Cast of Characters. Vortimer, Duke of Cornwall, of the Ancient British Blopod ........ Mr. Fenton ETHELWOLF, a Saxon Noble man................... MR. A RABIN -Edgar his Son................ Mr. Knowles Gothrun, a Danish Pirate Chief .. Mr. Spencer ,Rogodrick, Captain of Banditti ... Mr. Grove Ludican, Ranger of Ethelwolf's Forests ...... . ..·.. ..... Mr. Collins Ivar, Danish Follower.......... Mr. Fenton Osrick, Saxon Follower......... Mr. Riley First Robber .................. Mr. Lee ;Second Robber ................ Mr. Allen Elwina....................... Mrs. Arabin Adelaide, Captive to Ethelwoif... Miss W:natanlev :Rufina, Heiress to the Dukedom of Cornwall .................. Mrs. Grove Bertha...... ............ Mrs. Knowles Acca ........................ Mis Larra. :?rogramme ofthe Scenery and Incidents. ACT 1-Scene 1-A romantic Vale, with view ot the Castle and Towers of Ethelwolf-the Peasant ani: the Dane-History of Ethelwolf -prospect of bligh ted Love-the projected Marriage-d-sappointment and Revenge. Scene 2-A Grove- the explanaution and renewed affection-the Spy, the Appointment, and the Discovery-Woman's constancy, and Ludi can's meditated vengeance. Scene 3-View of the Caste of Ethelwolf-procession of Ethelwolf and the -Danish Captives- Ethelwolf's prote.tation of Love Adelaide's refusal-interview of Ludican and Ethel -wolf-Pride, Contempt, and Indignation. ACT 2-Scenel-Gothic Hall in the Castle of Ethelwolf--Meeting of Father and Son-the disco vered Plot-honour and affection-the Fatal Oath Ethelwoll's dreadful decision-appearance of an Accomplice, Confederates in gui!t - recollec tions of early crime-the Death Promise. Scene 2 -Arrival of the Danish Fleet - preparation for an attack. Scene 3.-A grove-the bell of St. Augustine-filial affection, and the robber's pleldge. Scene 4.-Landing of Gothrun the Danish chief and his band. Scene 5.-Forest-Elwina betrayed into the hands of banditti-her appeal-timely succour engagement between the Robbers and the Danes tableau. ACT III.-Interior of the robbers' cavre-the ar row-the surprise, and recognition. Scene 2.-State apartments in the castle of Ethelwolf-ltogodrick's demand, Ethelnoil's refusal-tlhe consequence-at tempted assassination-the compact and the signature -Gothrun conducted into the presence of Ethelwolt -the former's avowal of his rank-Ethelwolf's villany to overthrow him-a traitor's punishment, and death of Rogodrick. Scene 3.--Wild heath with preparations for the sacrifice of Edgar-Gothrun's threat, and Ethelwolt's despair-ambition and affec-. tion-honour and disgrace-Edgar about being de stroyed, is preserved by Ethelwolfs ,declaration of the rank of Gothrun the Danish Pirate-death ol Ethelwolf, and impressive d6nouement. -o- After which, A FAVOURITE DANCE .... MISS LAZAR. -o The whole to conclude with the grand romantic spectacle, entitled ALADDIN; OR THE Aladdin..................... Mliss Winstanley Abanazar, a Magician ......... Mr. Grove Kasrae, his dumb slave, (on this occasion) ............. ... Mr. Lee Tabi Tongluck, Cham of Tartary.. Mr. Knowles Karak Hanjon, Grand Vizier.... Mr. Collins Kazim Azack, his son .......... Mr. Allen Orlock, Genius of the Air........ Mr. Fenton Genius of the Lamp............ Mr. Riley Princess Badroulbadour......... Mrs. Knowles Zobeide, her attendant .......... Mrs. Arabin Amron.................... Mrs. Grove Widow Ching Mustapha........ Mlrs. Larra Geniiof the Ring...... Miss Lazar and Miss Jones The original ROiAD SWOI.-D COIMBAT, By Messrs. Lee and Allen. Tickets and Boxes to be obtained from Mr. Gibson Royal Victoria Hotel, and from Mr. Arabin, at the TIheatre. VIVAT REGINA. A GOOD COOK and LAUNDRIESS, (a man and his wife would be preferred,) at the Vic toria Hotel, East Gosford. Apply: personally, to Mr. Randolph, corner of Phillip and Hunter-strests, Sydney. East Gosford, August 212. Farm Servant and Sullock Driver. W ANTED, a steady FARM SERVANT, who can plough andl understandls the care of Horses; and also a steady BULLOCK DRIVER, on aFarm within ten miles of Sydney. Apply to MIR. BLACKMIAN, Regent terrace, IHunter.street. ydney, August 25 . 'To 0 griculturists, Stoclkholders, and Sheep Farmers. A YOUNG Man, just arrived from England, who has a good knowledge of Sheep, Cattle and Farming generally, and can give the most res ;peetable references, wishes to obtain a situation as -Superintendent. Address N.C., at this Office. WANTED A STEADY LAD, who can write a good hand, and make himself useful in an Office. Apply o J. S., at the Office of this paper. Wanted a Governess, A MIDDLE-AGED person to take charge ofthree children under eight years of age; also to teach Music and assist in Needle Work. Apply by letter (post paid) to Mrs. HARPER, Abhotsford, -by Cawdor. NOT?'E OF ?,, .OVALa. -o Xiew Auctlon Rooms, Zing- street, Corner of George-street. -o- Xr. Stubbs NFORMS the Public, that, on the First day o S September, 1840, he will remove to those- more •central premises in King-street, next door to Messrs. T. and M. Woolley's, merchants, corner of George street, which will be fitted up replete with every con. ,?,s-;nar t f nnrhlnatin, an extenslve business. The Auction Room will be upwards of ninety feet long, with public and private offices, all on the ground floor, and there is a spacious Show Room above, for fine goods, Furniture, Jewellery, &c.; rThe Yard is very commodious, and capable of holding upwards of one thousand tons of Goods, Crockery, and other descriptions of Imports. The situation of these Premises, for the sale of Property of every description, is considered equal, if not superior to any in Sydney, being only a few doors from the Commercial and Savings' Banks, the Law Offices of Messrs. Nichols, O'Reilly, ilessrs. Chambers and Thurlow, Wentwotih Place, Civil and Criminal Courts, the Council Chamber, Sur. veyor.General's Office, Hyde Park Barracks, and St. James' Church; and but a trifling distance from the Steam.packet Wharfs-thus saving much trouble and expense, in the conveyance of goods to and from the Auction Roomsa Nurea, Wellington, Bathurst. -o -0 numerous have tlie' applications been to the proprietor - of: this- splendid property, Robert Smith, Esq., that hehbas determined.to lay offa town ship; he purposes to forth a village of half-acre allotments. K' The village of. Nures will be distant from the Government establishment at Wellington, where the Mission: resides, five miles, and will be intersected by the high road from Bathurst to Wellington,. situated on the River Bell, and has a constant supply of water from a never failing running stream. The scenery and soil surpass anything yet offered; one hundred allotments will be sold on a future day named when tie survey is complete ; fifty at Bathurst by Mr. Liscombe, and fifty in Sydney by the Austra lian Auction Company. Bathurst, 10th August, 1840. WHI RE TOG ETA GOOD DRESSING. -o .NO'TSCE TO TsE PUBLIC. '-o W? HEREAS, it is generally supposed that on I account of the late strke for Wages among the-Journeymen Tailors, that it is difficult to obtain a supply of Fashionable Clothing, the Undersigned beg to inform their Friends and the Public, that they are now giving the prices contained in the Journey. men's Log; consequently they have obtained a supply of superior Workmen, and are thereby enabled to execute all orders in the most Fashionable Style, and with the greatest dispatch, at the. previous Unprece dented Low Prices. HIUME AND CO., No. 86, Pitt-street, next door to Mir. Uther's hat manufactory, between King-street and Market street. August 18, 1840. -o TO BE SOLD,, 'DTHAT valuable Landed Property, known• as I Abbey Green, near Singleton, Patrick's Plains. This Estate comprises six thousand two hundred acres of excellent Grazing Land, well watered in the driest seasons, having the Hunter's River in. front, and being intersected by two never-failtng Creeks of good water. Nearly the whole is fenced in, and subdivided. 'The new and old lines of road from Maitland to the Upper Hunter, cross the property, aie fenced out, and give nearly fifteen miles of road side frontage. The peculiar'advaatages of this property are too many for description in an advertisement. Terms.-Four Years' credit, at moderate interest if desired, for the whole, or any portion of the Land, and a purchaser requiring them may have, at lair market prices, from One to Five Thousand sheep,.of the best quality, and in the highest condition, on the land as now attached: to the different folds upon the Estate. 'These Sheep are warranted never to have known diseaseof any nature, and are neatly all the produce of imported Rams. For further particulars, apply post-paid, to GEORGE HOBLER, West Maitland. MR. T. 19. HALL, Surgeon-Dentist. .EGS to inform his Friende and the Public, that S he has patted with his practice to Messrs. Phillipson and Fuller, for whom he begs a continu ance of the patronage with which he has for the last six years been honoured. 3, Bridge-street. SUSG? ON-D ?NTZSTS. -o MESSRS. PIIZLL!PSON AND PULLER _E=E3 to inform the Gentry and Inhabitants o 0 Sydney and its vicinity, that they have sucf ceeded to the practice of Mlr. T. S. Hall, Surgeon. Dentist, and hope by strict attention and punctuality to merit a contitnance of the patronage Mr. T. S. Hall has for so many years experienced. Mr. Fuller, (late assistant to Mr. T. S. Hall,) having perfected himself at Paris, in the mechanical department of the profession, and received the most la:tering testimonials from the first Dentists of that Capital, challenges competition in the complicated and delicate mechanism required in the execution of vwhole or partial sets of teeth, fixed by capillary at traction. Hours of consultation, from Eleven to Four o'clock laily, at No. 3, Bridge-street. August 25. I GUZNEBS REWARD, -0 Stolen or strayed, BAY MARE, black points, star on forehead, Sand heavy in foal, rather hollow backed,she was missed from the stable of the Undersigned on Saturday night last, 22nd instant, at 10 o'clock. If sto en a reward of £5 will be paid on the recovery of he Mlare and conviction of the offender; if strayed, 2 guineas willabe given, on application to MR. W. J. SPARKES, Kope Maker, Parramatta-street, Sydney, August 25. One Huudred and Twenty-nine head of GOttle. -o Eo be coIi bt! tribats tontract, ,,O usEAD OF cATrTLE. For pazticu Ias apply to MRt. SAMUEL LYONS, At his Mart, the corner of George- street and Char lotte-place. Law Books for Sale, -o STARKIES LAW OF EVIDENCE Maddock's Chancery l.ractce Devarries onthe Interpretation of Statutes Leigh's Law of Nisi Prius Law of Bills of Exchange Also, Martin's Hlistory of the Colonies, complete. Apply imuediately at this Office. August 25, 1840. 16, Pitt-street, Sydney, ,AW WRITER AND GENER.AL AGENT, [.EGS to inform the public and more particularly I. country gentlemen, that any business they will do him the honour to intrust to his management, shall he performed with the strictest care and punctuality, and that his premises in Pitt-street, being extensive, afford him facility in storing and preserving Goods, which he may be commissioned to procure or purchase, that will ensure an advantage to his employeis. He likewise begs to call the attention of country gentle men to the convemnience of his premises for receiving assigned servants from the Government in order to iheir being transmitted to their masters. W. C.'alSo promises that any Agency he shall be entrusted with in writing and preparing Law In struments, Deeds, and other documents, will give the greatest satisfaction to those w ho may favour him with their commands. August 25. ANV?EV?SAUY. -o TOTAL ABSTINENCE TEA PARTY. -o T HE Inhabitants of Sydney are respectfully in formed that the above Society will have a Public Tea, in the Old Court House, Castlereagh ntrt on Tuesdav. the 1st of Seotember, at Six o'clock. Tickets of admission, 2s. each, may be had of the undermentioned persons, viz.: MR. J. WALKER, Wheelwright, George-street Son:h. " E, WALTON, Wheelwright, Brickfield Hill. 3 J. MITCHELL, Hair-dresser, Brickfield Hill. " T. PAUL, Boot and Shoemaker, Brickfield Hill. " -- ROBINSON, Hair-dresser, George-street. " - BENNETT, Shoemaker, opposite the Old Burial Ground. Messrs. NEALE AND ROWE, Sussex-street. MR. - THOMPSON, Tinman, Brickfield Hill. " - DAVIS, Joiner, Kent-street South. , - ETHERINGTON, Butcher, Erskine-street, S- HARR?ISON, Grocer, Castlereagh-street. P. S. A Public Meeting will be held in the same place, on tle following cvening, at Seven o'clock, August 25. iEUTUVAL FZ-E ZNSUEANCE ASSOCG.AZON. -o Trustees: JAMES MACARTHUR WILLIAM MACPHERSON JAMES NORTON, Esquires. D... rectors: PROSPER DR. MESTRE EDWARD FLOOD THOMAS BURDEKIN JAMES HOLT WILLIAM HUTCHINSON LAUNCELOT IREDALEJ :. SAMUEL PEEK ACTON SILLITOE THOMAS W. SMART ROBERT BOURNE WILLIAM DRAKE REES JONES ROBERT,C. GORDON ALFRED R. HUNTLEY DAVID JONES. THOMAS LORD ALFRED SAUNDERS WILLIAM WYATT ALEXANDER YOUNG, Esquires. Solicitors: Messrs. CARR AND ROGERS. Bankers-: THE SYDNEY BANKING COMPANY. Surveyor t. JAMES HUME, Esq. Bonorary Secretaries: LAUNCELOT IREDALE ACTON SILLITOE. This Assoeiation having commenced business, the Directors are now prepared to receive applications for Insurance. Forms of applications, copy of deed, .and other particulars; can be obtained, between tie hoursof Ten and One o'clock daily, fron the Secretaries, to wiion all payments on accoiunt of the Association are to be paid. pSydney,'July 30. ' -0 3Hebblewhite and Vickery H AVE received instructions to offer for Private 1 Sale, one of the most extensive-and elegant assortments of mode'n FURN ITU RE ever imported into the Colony, consisting of Spanish Mahogany Bureaus, with drawvers Ditto ditto ditto, with doors Ditto ditto dressing Bureaus, with mirrors Spanish Sofas, Grecian Dtto ditto, square Ditto ditto, plain Spanish Mlahogany Office Desks Elegant Mahogany Chairs to match Sofas Rocking Chairs Windsor Chairs Walnut box Chairs Maple box Chairs Walnut gilt box Chairs Plain box Chairs Flush seat maple Chairs One thousand two. hundred.bed-room and lobby Chairs, in great variety . Mahogany leather-seated.English Chairs Ditto horsehair ditto An assortment of framed Engravings: Portraits of the Queen, the Duke, &c.; Also, A large Barrel Organ, in a handsome Gothic case, gilt towers. &c.;, and contains five stops Four Pianofortes Eight Seraphines, and a great variety of other articles. H. and V. beg to call the attention. of clergymen residing up the country, and settlers generally, to the splendid Orgaa, which for beauty of design, or the builder's work, cannot be surpassed in Syduey or England; it is of sufficient power for a small church or chapel, and can have any tunes or pieces added that may be required. It would form a most splen did present from a congregation to any church or chapel to which they might belong. If it remains in Sydney, the builders will keep it in order for two years ree of charge. -0 for ~~~gal by Iribate oitntract. -o F ROM one thousand to two thousand fine Woolled . .' Breeding Ewes, to lamb in October and No vember next in lots to suit purchasers. They will be delivered in January, 1841, or kept three months beyond that time as may be agreed on. Stations can be had with them at a valuation, and from five hun dred to one thousand Wethers rising three years old, to be delivered after shearing. Also, A small stud of about thirty Horses, consisting of twelve Mares, the remainder being their progeny, from the ages of four years 'downwards, andi a supe ri'or Entire Horse. For terms, &c.;, apply to J. Liscombe, Bathurst. To-persons desirous of commencing sheep farming this is an excellent oppoirtunity, as by the time of de livery for the ewes there will be a crop of lambs by their sides; and, in the meaq time, tie purchaser would hIrave an opportunity of preparing to settle oli runs secured to him, a great advantage now that good runs are so difficult to be obtained; persons investing money just now in this kind of stock cannot err, as, in all probability, the nextarrivals from England will bringa more favourable account of the Wool Mar. ket, andi there will be a coiresponding rise in the price of sheep. . It should also be borne in mind that, notwithstan sling the destruction in almost every other part of the colony, Bathurst has entirely escaped that fatal disease catarrh, a proof of the superiority of this dis trict for sheep farming. Bathurst, August 4. • -0 A MEETING of those Persons who may be dis posed to form a Fund, and to adopt measures to promote the Immigration to this colony.of useful Labourers, Mechanics, and Servants, will be holden at the Royal Exchange Rooms, at Ope o'clock, on FRIDAY, thie 18tli day of Septemberi R. JONES . H. H. MACARTHUR JOHN JAMISON IeOBERT CAMBELL :" : ' A. BERRY W. LAWSON WILLIAM LITHCOW JAMES BOWMAN R. SCOTT' JAMES MITCHELL WARD STEPHENS J. B. BETTINGTON JAMES MACARTHUR WILLIAM MACARTHUR T. A. MURRAY L. MACALISTER J.E. EI.AN?NING G. C. CURLEWIS WILLIAM SHELLY H. DANGAR R. WINDEYER SJOHN HOSKING J. T. HUGHES WILLIABM BOWMAN GEORGE BOWMAN WILLIAM CARTER A. C. INNES R. WIsEMAN CHARLES CAMPBELL ' .. ;STOLEN or STRAYED from theGreen Swamp, :' near Bathurst, on .the 20th July last, a Hoase and a Mare of the following description: One Black Horse,.8 years old, stand 14} hands high, switch tail, branded A on the near shoulder, a lump on the off hind knee.. . AlSOI A Chestnut Mare, aged, docked tail, branded T on the near shoulder, D under the saddle on the near side, I on the off shoulder, when lost heavy in foal. If strayed, the above fJeward will be paid by me to any person who will give such information as may lead to their recovery; or if stolen, a Reward of Ten Pounds will be paid on conviction of the party or parties concerned, by applying to me. LACIILAN M'KAY. Green Swamp, August 13. Z1YLP'OTANT ZLAND SALE. -o eo bbe Qol bly Suction. -o The Austraalian .iAuction Company Are instructed by Messrs. Hughes and, Hosking,. to bring to the Hammer, without reserve, on TUES DAY and WEDNESDAY, the 27th and 28th of October next, THE following Portions of LANDS, the property ofthe Firm. The Lands have been selected with great care by one of the best judges in the colony, under very ac. curate local information, uniting separately or in a mass, all the advantages which can be afforded by soil, water, and happy position, in the colony of New South Wales. The Auction Company feel it unnecessary to enter into any elaborate description of the properties, which will be found of that character in their respective blocks, Which cannot fail to arrest the attention, ex cite the curiosity, and command the interest, of a discerning public. The following list exhibits the town, suburban, and country Lands, in a convenient tabular form. Parties requiring the locality and description "of any particular property will be enabled, by referring to the date of the Government sale, to obtain the official description in The Gazette, and the position of each grant as mapped down in the Survey Office. Maps and a copy of The Gazette are in preparation, and will be ready in a few days for the direct inspec tion of the .public, at the Offices of the Company, who have received instructions to facilitate the object of all inquirers by every means in their power. . Terms-Ten per cent deposit; ten ditto, six months; ten ditto twelve months; the residue by ap. proved bills at six months, without irinterest; or bills at. three and five years with interest at ten per cent, secured by mortgages on the property. TITLE-GRANTS FROM THE CROWN. -0 COUNTT Z.Y LSANDS. Government sale, 12th September, 1838. Lot . * 42. Twelve hundred and sixty acres, Bourke, Port • Phillip,.on the Meri Creek, containing about :five hundred acres of capital tillage Land, the residue excellent grazing. 10th October, 1838. 31\. Fifty-one acres, Cumberland, parish of Botany, within three miles of Sydney; rich swampy Land. .12th December, 1838. 42\. One thousand and twenty-five acres, Mac. quarie, on the Maria -River, near Robert's Plains, distant from Town seven miles.' 43\. Eight hundred and ninety-nine acres, Mac quarie, situated on the navigablt part of the 1laria River. 13th Yebruary, 1839. 55\. Six hundred and forty acres, Grant, Port Phillip, parish of Gheringhap. 58\. Six hundred and forty acres, ditto, ditto, ditto 62\. One tliousand and sixty-four acres, ditto ditto, ditto, on the Morrarbore River. 8th May, 1839. 17\. Six hundred and forty acres, Bourke, Parish of Torrowrong, on the Yarra Creek, disembo guinginto the Plenty River. 1 4th August, 1839. 1\. Eight hundred and five acres, Camden, ad. joining the Government reserve at Kiama, and bounded by the lands of Messrs. Walker and Spark. Two branches of the high road to Appin and Campbell Town pass through the centre of this beautiful grant, the whole of which is rich land. (This Lot will be staked off into small Farms of about fifty acres each, by a Surveyor.) 16\. Eleven hundred and seventy acres, St. Vincent, on the Tomaga Creek, adjoining the Town of Bronlee, and bounded by the sea shore of the Harbour, 9th October, 1839. 3\. Three hundred and twenty acres, Bateman's Bay, adjoining the Government Village Re serve, and bounded by the Harbour, and lands of.Miles, Esq. 17\. Six hundred and forty acres,,Northumberland, parish of Stockrington, adjoining the Village Reserve of Government, four miles distant fiom Maitland. 33\. Six liundrcd and forty acres, Wellington, upon the Triamil Creek, branching into fiacquarie River, having the runs of Messrs. Aspinall, Warne, and Suttor, in the vicioity, and the Bathurst Road to Wellington Valley through the'section. 40\. Nine hundred and fifty-three acres, Georgiana, on Rocky Bridge CreeK. 41\. Eleven hundred and ninety-six acres, ditto, Sditto, contiguous; bo I these sections ate beau tifully watered all the year, and have a con sidetable quantity of fine tillage spots scat tered around. S13th November, 1839. 6\. Thirty acres, Northumberland, upon the navi- gable part of Mangrove Creek, nine miles from Gosford. 9\. Fifty acres, Northumberland, Newcastle, bounded by the sea, four miles soluth of tihy town, fine rich land. 12\. Six hundred and forty acres, Bathurst, Parishl of Freemantle, adjoining the properties of Nlessrs. Perrier, Watt, and Piper, distant about fourteen miles from B3athurst. ' ' 15\. One thousand and eighty acres, Camden, on the Snavigable part of the Shoalhaven River, near the properties of Messrs. Berry, Raby, and Atkinson. 35\. One hundred and five acres, Roxburch, parishi of Falnashl, distant about five miles west of the cros~ing place at Solitary Creek, the high road to fathurst passing through it. * 11th December, 1839, 3\. Six hundred and forty acres, Camden, parish of j lBunherra, fine land, bounded by the proper, : ties of Messrs. Berry and Woolistonecraft. 21\. Six hundred and forty acres, Bathurst, parish of Colville, sixteen miles west of Bathuist, through which passes the Wellington Road, surrounded by the lands of Sir James Stirling, M ..lessrs. Cor'se, Smith, andt otlhers. 23\. One thousand and forty-three acres,Wellingto?fh " bounded south by Fredrick Valley Creek, and the Goverb'nhment reserve. 8tb ljnnary 189:0. 13\. One thousand two hundred and fifty acres, St. Vincent, upon St. George's Basin, near the Cudmira Lakes.. 14\. One thousand and sevenly-two acres,.St. Vin cent, about 2 miles distant from the preceed. . ing lot, lying upon thle Fresh Waters of the River St. George 18\. Nine hundred ard seventy acres, St. Vincent. .adjoining Lot 13, upon tile waters of St. George's Basin 20\. Six hundred and forty acres, St. Vincent;,.adjoins Lot 18 23\. Eight hundred and eighty-four acres, St. Vin cent, with a froitage of nearly a mtle and a half to St. George's Basin 34\. Seventy acres, Cook, adjoining Dalgettry's pur chase, on the confluence of Cox's 'River; with . frontage to the Bathurst road, well wateted'all the year. ' " .: . . . .. -One hundred acres, Cook, Dalgetty's purchase, bounded by Fresh Water Creek, the Ba ' tlurst road, and the preceeding grant of seventy acres, : 12th Pebruary, 1840??. . 9\. One thousand one hunlred and one acres, Bath . uist,' Parish of Mlalmsbury, upon Macquarie River, bounded by the properties of Messrs. Macarthur, Kite; Wall, and Perrier. 10\. Six hundred and forty acres Bathurst, Parish of Cadogani, adjoining the previous Lot 9. I Ith ltarch, 18403,~O. a0 ua nuuuieu aUU 10lay acres, 0t. Vincent, about 2 miles west of the town of Broulee, adjoining the property of Captain M'Lean. 50\. Six hundred and forty acres, adjoining the pre vious Lot 49. 52\. One thousand two hundred and twenty acres, Brisbane, upon Page's River, near Segenhoe, the property of T'. P. M'Queen, Esq. 60\. Forty acres, Cumberland, parish of St. George, bounded west by IMuddy Creek, east by the new line of load, and Lot 61. 61\. Forty-six acres, Cumberland bounded by tht public road aforesaid on the west, and by the *.vaters of Botany Bay on the east, 71\. Eighteen acres, Northumberland, Newcastle subulban -allotment, bounided by Hunter's River on the 'east; north by Dr. Mlitchell's purchase; west by J. T. Hlughaes; and south by Government Land. Lot 84\. Forty-five acres, Cumberland, parish of St. George, bounded north- east by the waters of Botany Bay,; and on the west by the road di. vidipg ii from the land of A. B. Spark, Esq. 13th' May, 1840. 17\. Eig?tv-eight acres, Cumberland, :..Parish rof St. George, bounded south by George's'River; east by Fitzpatrick's Grant; otherwise by Crown Lands. Granted '30th September, 1839.: Fifty acres, Northumberland, Anville Creek parish of Branxton, on the high' road' to Pa trick's Plains, and near' the properties` of Mlessrs. Duguid and Harper Fifty acres, ditto ditto One hundred acres, ditto ditto Total ..'..... 25,735 acres. -o TOWN ALLOTMENTS. ? Government Sale, February a, 1835. LOT .. 3.= Allotment No. 8, of section'No. 5, two roods, Bathurst 4\. Allotment No. 9, of section No.5, two roods, Bathurst ' 5\. Allotment No.'11,'of section No.5, two roods, Bathurst 6\. Allotment No.12, of'section'No.' 5, twie oods, " Bathurst Auguist 15, 1839. 7 Two roods, . Clarence Town 8\. Two roods, ditto 65\. Two rouds, ............. Murrimba 66\. Two roods,' . ditto 69\. Two roods, -, - . • Queanbeyan 73\. Two roods, ditto 74\. Two roods, ; ?:: . . ditto 76\. Two roods, ditto 81\. Two roods, - ditto 82\. Two roods, ditto 83\. Two roods, : ditto 85\. Two irods, : ditto, November IL. 71\. Two roods, Queanbeyan. " December' l: . . 8\. Six acres one rood, fifteen perches, Bondi, pa. risliiof Alexandria, near WaverlyCrescent'; rich soil and commandingja fine view of the SOcean 17\. Five acres, ditto 18\. Five ditto, : : ditto 19\. Five ditto, . ditto 20\. Five ditto, . ditto . annary 9, 1840. ' y8. Two roods, Violet Creek : .9. Two roods, - ditto ., :14. Two roods; Raymond Terrace Allotment No.; 8, of section No 3, two roods, ditto Allotment No. 9,. of section No. 7, two roods, ditto - . 55\. Two roods; Go0ulburn 56\. Two roods, ditto 72\. One rood thirty-four perches, Port lMacquarie 73\. One rood twelve perches, ditto? 74\. One rood fourteen perches: ditto. 85\. Two roods, ditto 86\. Two roods, .' ditto 87\. Two roods,. . -. ditto .88., Two roods, . - ditto. : 89\. Two roods, . ditto. , , .91. Two roads, ditto 92\. Two roods, ditto 96\. Two roods, Bioulee 98\. Two roods, ditto 99\. Two roods, ditto 100\. Two roods, ditto 101\. Two roods, ' ' ditto 102\. Two roods, . ditto 105\. Two roods, ' ditto' 106\. Two roods, . 'ditto 107\. Two roods, . :? ditto 111\. Two roods, ditto 112\. Two roods, ..' ditto , 117\. Two roods,. , y . _ ditto 11\. Two roods, M 1. Bathurst 12\. Two roods,, . ditto 21\. Two roods, ditto 25\. Two roods, ditto 28\. Two roods, ditto 30\. Two roods, ditto 34\. Two roods, ditto 35\. Two roods,' ' ' ditto 36\. Two roods,, ' ' ditto 37\. Two roods, . . ditto 40\. Two roods, . ditto 49\. Two acres, Scone. M1ay 15. , 95\. Two roods, Kiama, -. S4. r. p. ' . ' Total, 56 3 25.' -o 'ORT PELE .9ZP'" .--S'gBUR'3?BAN t A,. a LOTMENTS. S?February S13, 1839. - : - ! 21\. Eighteen acres, 1Mlelbourne 22\. Twenty-seven acres, ditto : 31\. Twenty:seven acres, . ditto 36\. Twenty-four acres, two roods, ditto 7 37\. Twenty-Four acres, two roods, .. ditto 38 Twenty-six acres,, ditto 39\. Twenty-six acres, ditto 41\. Twenty-six acres,' . . ditto.: - STotal,?198 0 0" G"'; 'Gratd Total, ?25;889, 3 25" N.B. Maps of the differentsec ions will be exhibi ted at the Rooms of ithe Aiidtion Compady on Wed iesday,'the 12th.Aigust instani: ''' "-0 m' "o7aik-r own ki'oin?a tn.s .... ,oi l' 'ol ' l' p . aucuti"on.' The .,ustralian Autieiton Company, Hibve received instrictiontis frm Josepl? oNrth, Eiq., to Submit to Public Sale, at the Union Hotel, b their agent at blaillaiid; . \-- . . mr. A. Dodds, \-- O '"On:W W DNESDAY., Septemlhei 9. . rHIRTY-FOUyR building; Allotmenis,; situate S: at Wesi l1aitland, (this property was formerly designated Campbell's'Hiill); near the Long l.ridge. The Austrahian Auctiod Company;,in- introducing this property to the Public, feel it to be almost super~. fluous to dwell in the many advantages: which it possesses, 'they are filly'itisfied tiat they are well kntiown and duly .appreelaidd 'by' the' inhabitni~-ij Maitland and its vicinity; at the same tiine, it mzify be necessary for the informatioi of? parties not:ae.? quainted with .its locality, to pointout::some of-its more promipent characteristics. : ::: \- Situate as It~is,iimmediatel!y adjacent to the Town of.Maitland, and on the high road leading to the po pulous .an. wealtby districrsof Patrick s- Plains, an. vermein, Liverpool Plains, New 'England, &c.;,.&e.;, it has the advantage 'of a direct cobmmunication there. wiih. Contiguoss tot'this property there is, forti-. nately, a beautifull LAG OO N, which'affords a niever failing supply of excellent wavier,ir addition'to ihich~i water niay be reaidily 'obtained by sinkin but a very few feet. , ' "- - :" :, " , -- :-:::. SItr.is! beautifully situated on gently rising ground, from hence it assumed the name of Campbell's:-Hill; from which circumstances, it happily derives the ad vantage of escapingthe very disastrous Floods, which periodically..visit West iMaihland. 7 As a site:for genteel residences, this property is scarcely to be sur. passed, cqrimmanding, as it.does a fine braciing amoa sphere, so essential or the'invralid; coupled wiih.s most extensive and deiightful prospect of ihe Piic-. turesque 'scenery which surrounds it; Tihe soil on the ba'ck alloiments being rich, and well adapted for the growth of Vegetables, is consequently worth the notice of the Market Gardeneri,'&c.; The Government reserve for the Dep6t'of the pro jected Radlway between :Newcastle and.Maitland i immediately opposite this property. , The. West Maitland SteamNavigation will, pro. ceed to the Town of Maitland, consequently, these building allotments will. be within a, few minutes walk.of thie Company's Wliarf, in addition to which, persons who are induced to Lurchase any of these al lotments for the putpose of erecting Stores, would se. cure all the up-country trade, and find a ready con; veyance for their goods. In short, some idea of thle real value of this.property.may be found by reference to the account sales of Mrs~.Hely's and John Eales, Esqr's. property, -vhidh immediately adjoin these al. lotments. As it is not the wish of the Australian Auction Company to magnify the' many' and obvious natural advantages attached to.this property, a Plan will be exhibited at the Auctioneer's, and the- Union Hotel, Mai:land. ...........Title, first-r-r ite. Terms, liberal, declared at the sale. The Isewinsbrook Estate. -0 -, . g o.-i.a o .fir gb ?ctiott, The Australian Auction Combpany. rT HE-LEWINSBROOK ESTATE, in the dis. ":' I trictiof:Patersoii,:will, in a few weeks, be sold in Sydney;,at the Rooms of the Australian Auction' Company; and.on receipt of the Surveyor's report,' full particulars will be laid before the public as to the division of this beautiful Farm. - The terms of sale will be extremely, liberal, it being' intended fo give a credit of several years for.the prin-. cipal amount of the, purchase money. II. PORTANT, and Unreserved Sale at Maitland. -o To be , Sold by Auction. -o ...... . A. DA. DD S, Agent for The A&stralian; Auction Company, Has received instructions from Leslie Duguid, Esq., to submit to Unreserved Sale by Public Auction, on TUESDAY, September. 1, ,at their Yards, in Maitland, r]HE remaining portion' of STOCK, 'and Im . plements, &c.;, "&c.;, on the Estate of Loch. invar, comprising H Morses.. . . Brood Mares, and Saddle Horses, and one pair of splendid Carriage Horses;(a complete match.): The above Horses are of the best description;. for docility and superior action few; can. be compared -with them. ?.~ ~ orned Cattle.: Working'Bulocks; a, very superior Team A' few Milch Coi's, the` property of the late Vicar Jacob, Esq., aiid Mr. J. Burke, branded J B, aind V, and VJ, sold by order of Mi. Duguid,'as executor to the Estates. Sheep" First Flock-612 Ewes, to lamb in;Septeinber next, (;0 0 .rj .. from two to five years old.: Second do.-399 Ewes, from two to tfiveyears old. 50.Lambs- , Third ditto-339 Maiden Ewes. ;, , ._,. Fourth,do.-234 Weaned Lambs. Fifth ditto-607 bWethers, and, :. . , 50 Rams. . ° Total, 2291 The above sheep are perfectly Found, and never have' been diseased, and for length of staple 'and thickness- of fleece not surpassed by any on the HBunter.' The wool realized the best prices in the market last' year, by which reference can be had to' the account of sales;,and the whole of the sheep may be inspected on the Estate of I,ochinvar, by apphca tion to Mr. Campbell, the superintendent, any day prior tothesale. After which, 50 Pigs, Brood Sows, &c.;, &c.; ofAlso, 1200 bushels of Wheats all thrashed, well got up, and ready for delivery, and in excellent condition, to be sold ini quantities to suit.the convenience of pur chasers, and to ble delivered at Lochinvar Estate. Parties in the interior should not' hesitate to embrace this opportunity of supplying themselves, and thereby saving the' inconvenience of sending to Maitland;' samples-will'be exhibited at the sale. Together with Drays, Ploughss,'&c.;,'&c.; A quanty of Sawed Stuff, such as'Joists, FloOring Boards, Battens; &c.;, &c.; ' Window and Door Frdmes:: . ' Also, ....... A: 'lot of Fencing Stuff,' Posts, all' morticed, and ready for putting up, and About S20,000 Shingles, more or less. , Together with Numerous other articles, such as are required on a Farm. - . .... The whole are to be sold positively without reserve, in consequence of the Lo.lhinvar Estate being handed: over to the new proprietors.' TermsT approved -endorsed. bills at three and six months. . 11AITLANID. ... . ... . O \- -A. DODD 8, A .gent for ' The Australian Auction Company Begs to announce,; that imniediately alier the sale' of Leslie Duguid; Esq.'s. Property, to be held at Maitland, on the 1st of September, will be sold also, . SIXTY Dairy COWS, of a very superior des b cription... - S.. Terms .at sale. To utoaers, Contractors, and others. Er ~b gofl -13tion.12 :icta \- ---o-" Mr. A. Dodds,.: S r. , . . ~Agent for . : The Australian Auction-Company, Has received'instructions from..-- Blaxland, Esq. Stosellby Public. Auction, immediately after, the . sale of Mr, Duguid's stock, &c.;, at Maitlend,.on .. TIjESDAY, September. 1, , :. ,i . RIRJME' FAT BULIOCKS, justiit Ied from"Liverpool Ptains, ' Termsimade known at the sale.~ ::'' Mi; dll~id, August'21, ...- ........ ::' ! I ~ To be sold by auction. : - ' ' A-- gent for The Australian Auction Comprany, Has received lnstructions to bring under the hammer, pn WEDNESDAY,'September 9, at their exten. sive Sale Yards, Maitland, ,.NE liundred' and'fifiy'FatBiulloeli ?;d, ad in first-rate' cdi0ditiibon, from Live'rpbbool Plains." ': ::o Teims, three'mnbnths bills.'-: .'.?i Fine:,Durham Balls. .:: . 0: Eo b . ?ol..t- ?tp,?~Uc t,. , . Immediatelyafter .the sale of 'trat tle. -0 Agent for the AuStralian.A uction Company, 5as re ceivedinstructions to dispose of by public auction, on W'EDNESD4, Septenber 9, at their exten sive Sale Yardfsi? Mil~tlra id, jEN very superio' BU'LLS; 'of the Duiriam L Breed, selected fiiromi tihe beist Herd on the Hunter. '''? , ' u u. . " .. :: Stbckholders ilthe aeighbourhood-should not lose sight'of th'e important.opportunity.afforded of pos seis ing-themselvesof those fine animals. 'Terms, and pall .o.ther. partici'ulars at the sale. . _Maitland, August 18. PatetrSin~En iver,: o"n :.' : ?" • "Ea to b..?o..lb . *-12* *'i olr.:'~,i ' liO Agent for the Australian AuctionCbmpany;:willhold a Quarterly Sajleat ,Mr. Jones',.'" Settlers' Arms', a Patersqi's River,on FRID.AY, September 11, at Twe!ero'ciockl precisely, " . ... " ', / O1OMPRISIN. a first-rate Stock of 10\. 100 Dairy Cows,.with Calves 50 Fat B'ullocks? . "'.1500 Fat Wethers 15 Horses,'intiludinig Mare's; &c;': .: Terms'liberal,- made known at sale, and all other particulars. -o ' . ' , Maitland, August 18.. ,: ,. :,, ' ' ;i 't Cattle, Sheep,,ad Horse -0 Hunter's River 'uctio),:Company, Wilihold their next Monthly Sale,at heir Extensive Y rds, West Maitand, ou V XED ESDA Sep. tember 2,consistsing of IAT CATTLE . Mixed'Herds' of Cattle \- - Milch Cows Fat Wether M . '., ...,,,! "?Flocks of .Sheep... . , , S Working, Bullocks : Maresand iHorses, &c.;,;;,;. ,,,,;;,,< Well watered and secure paddocks; within ,two miles of, Maitland,'for suich Cattle and Sheep aslmay arrive privious tcile'ddy of hale. t Full particulars id a future advertisement.: I :C~tL7;;;Sheep. I[ýrnter's ji~< r Auetic1ola ll At their extensive yards, West :nIla, oa\lvy, S?- ,, NESDAY, September on D. _IFTYilat Buiiocks andC "A mixed herd, consistinl of Cdows Heifers, Steers, Bulls, and Bullocks One flock prime fat Wethers . "l. ' The' property of John Robertson J . lected from hisa superior breed at W .alla Ta Also FiveS hundred Ewes, five. ,..?i sprongstation, hurdles, &c.;, 3ren ol la,1 tho of; Brisbane Robertson, Esq,en , the proper,? The wool of these sheepis ofa erp i ey. are now, perfectly healthy, ad parioruailit never to have been diseased. are waranted Fifty Cowst , four yearsold; o ?at selected from the celebrated herds of et spri worth and Windeyer, will be put upin 1\ofe to suit purchasers, a sof te . Terms liberal, at sale. S'1OTIaCjI H HE SAL E,' advertised to be held L-.;PATERSON RIVER, on thelst t he by the Australian Auction Compiny, is ot A n postponed in consequence of the Cattle-arol collected in time for that day. Due ?otice gives when the day of'Sale is fixed, t wl July 22, 1840 . On Sale at the Stores ofthe' Ufldersi? A N extensive assortment of Upholsterers' Tgim A mings; likewise, 3000 gross of every va-el W ine Corks. .= - . - ! SW. TWUCKER AND CO Augu? 5. Queen's Plae, WELL, STAND TEZS s.EAsorg ' MXR. JOSEPH KENTON, 'i?,t Wollogorang, near Goulba -o Service, Five Guineas; oee, aveShi " HIS celebrated trotting Champion, Peb . former, out of Kitty,, by Wildfire, deep chestnut, clear of white, fifteen handsl in high. to.ch His perfect form, well developed ad mnscuhir light quick action under any weight, freegaita great length of stride, -fine temper,'high ogt ano great constitutional stamina, renders him pre.ei. lhently conspicuous as the' very Horse necesr . . produce that useful, saleable,. and pro6ta blemd 'o rarely to be-met with, the perfect Hackney. Merrylegs springs.by.sire and dam, in a prestra from. the best blood in Yorkshire, where hbsehI ceived five different premiums, as the bet hBack Stallion shown, presenting to the judicious breed ,a peligree studded vwatil a succession ol the ists trotting liorses in Europe, whose powers ofendurance under most extraordinary performances, arefully ad honourably recorded in all the sporting periodicals. the day. - . st Paddocks areprovided, and every carewillbe takb of mares sent, but beyond this, the proprietor will ?0i hold himself in any way responsible, and the moner to be paid before the: mares are taken away. If a sufficient number of mares should offer, Merry. !egs)will be allowed, to visit the. esoablishments of gentlemen in the immediate neighbourhood, ono ap plication to Mr. Joseph' Kenyon, jun.,fromwhom further .particulars may ,be obtained,or of the pro. prietor,, T August25. . . To Cover this season, THE celebrated 'Race Horse Hercules, Hercules.was got by.the celebrated Whiske damby,, Camerton, &c..; .Hercules is six years old, is.a.rich bay, with black points, stands sixteen had high, with great strength aod symmetry; commoe on his performance are'quite unnecessary, as he it -we.ll kinown to the, public. Hercules wi\kl standi Wilberforce, Windsor, Richmond, and PittT0w and at':the proprietor'i residesice, Portland He? during the season.' Every 'cae will be takend Mares sent to thie Paddocks, but the undernigned o not in any way be responsible for accidenis orle0., Terms.-For -each' mare, groomage idcludedi Ss.; all payments to benmadeon or before the 1l January, 1841..:, S; ;', ........ . S. HALL, JU, Lilburndale, August 17. :) :., C.E , A ,ENG E, -0 ' FTER this arSason is over, HERCULtES wil S. be open to run any horse, mare, or geldi is the 'Colony, imridirld or otlierwvise, for the somu Five Hundred Guineas; cairying 9st, 101s., 00 KillarneyCourse;..... .- .. ' To Stand at Cassilis, rpH , importeditoli6~ rSli bredfEnglishRace lloro 0 Gratis'was got b?y ;'diddleton, a winner di't D`erby;tii-of Lamia, Pliddleton by Phantonm, d iWeb' (the dam of Filagree, Ribens, junior, td Adonis) by-Waxy, Grandam Penelope, (the dam Whalebone, Woeful,. oWilful;, Wire, Whistl Waterloo, Wildfire, Windfall, &c.;) by Trumpeter for continuation, see The Sporting Dloguaine, Vol, , page 64-Lamia,by Gohanna. Graris won five Races on the EnglishTuf,beatl ing at Newmarketi among others, St. Giles,afterward the.winner of the Derby. He also waonthe Epoo Stakes, be'ating aftea*four heats Crocodile, Eleano?, Grasshopper, and b c. Lby St. Patriek-and at Brigh ton; aJte :fbur heats,'divided stakesWith Lord JetrJl eh."m. Datu'ra, beatiiig three others. Such ofGratis'smockas havebeenbrought outa, r fully sustained their Sire's character, by comiog.f winners, and his progenygenerilly, are a remlnoti. for strength and speed, as to keep him inrst,w hereh beauty and symetry had placed him, in theai5tioai0 of Breeders. , Terms.-For any. number ofaresder four, £10:eachifrom four to eight, £8 10s. each, nd for I any number above eight, £7 7s...-Groomage, 5ste Mare. To be p.aid:belore the removal oftheJltm ,if required, or on the,1st of January, 1841. An excellent Paddock,. containing upwards of 4 acres, is provided, and every attention wnill he gien to such Mares as maniyjr bie sent, but the ownerwill not 'be responsible for any accideints which may ocr. . Mares maybe seen before they Foal, To Stand this season, at ,?ayl7 o '"' "Park, South Oreel~s, _ HAIT well-k n Yoirkshire Chaproan ?iorte .Seqlby, iniported by Mr. Charles Siluh, Selby is a baiy, with black p .oit, ,o,1 stands sii'teen h~iids an'd a-hbalf high,w as b' Sir Hobert Smith;'near. Selby, in Y orshir e; ?ol l Nerdoroiancy out of a S reviion mare. Terms-Five Guineas each mare, and is.g"o ige'C ,... .ii ' Paddocks are.provided; and every nceof taken ;oft the mates, but :thley. will be at the ,-l their respective owners. - TO STAND TEES SEASOS .At Green Point, Brisbane , HE P OIF ARAB j ORS 1 alias SPEA it.. .. Ihis Horse took the best pnrizes at st; .' ^ ,.g and other places in India, in 1837 and 18?8 ,S, be seep by the Calcutta sporting Journals o hn by and f;om0 Iis well known excellence wa "acc $ Judge Berry, of?,he .Honourable. East l?dir te. pany's Service, as a suitable Horse to improve stock of this Colony. .Prools of high caste a°Ztr formances may be seen by application to the prop Terms.-£5 for a single Mlare; £9 for t? the property of one person ; £12 for t, Groomage, 2s, 6d. ar ker Paddocks are proiided; and every care wiC lu f fthe Mt aeb , but at the risk of their respectreO August!. ,:? , " Edited by 'JAMES AM'EACaERN, 'and p Published by ,Jisa?lES Spir?sBuRY andr,' M'EacaaIE, 0Joint.JPiopriers,, Loer Street, Sydney, New South Wales 