COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. (From the Colonial Gazette, June 10.) Another West India mail has arrived since our last publication. Its contents have in no degree tended to dissipate the apprehensions which former accounts of the condition and prospects of most of the West Indian Colonies had created. Trinidad seems to prosper, but from Jamaica and Demarara the accounts are very gloomy. Even Sir Charles Metcalfe, whom at one time we were inclined to christen " Prosperity Metcalfe, is compelled, though in very cautious terms, to admit that between the peasantry and their employers serious grounds of difference exist. Smooth words and pleasant demeanour will do much; but cannot convert incinerator' I hope," an, au Yankee phrase, the blacks may be called, into steady and obedient servants. Neither can they prevent the former owners of these capricious emancipists from occasionally abusing lawful authority. The result is not only a very unpleasant state of society, but great waste of capital ; which nothing but extensive labour immigration can stop. Shifting the scene from Jamaica to British Guiana from long-cultivated to virgin soils we still find the same mischief at work. Lord John Russell's " blessed change," by which field labourers are converted into " petty traders," and sugar-planters hurried to ruin, is there beheld in rapid progress towards fulfilment. Lord John Russell contemplates the process with cool satisfaction, and avows the pleasure he de- rives from it. He offers a partial relief on ignominious terms. Double the Civil List, he says, and you may spend a portion of the revenue in procuring labour ; but if you reject an offer which your necessities alone encouraged me to make then let your colony become a wilderness. Lord John Russel, and the official of Guiana went too far. The nominee of the Colonial Office carried the new Civil List through the court of Policy ; but the Combined Court, where the inhabitants have representatives, insisted upon a complete control of the revenues of the colony during the twenty one years for which the Civil List is asked, with liberty to import labourers, under proper regulations, from any quarter. They even added to the gross amount of the Civil List and though they reduced some salaries, increased the sims applicable to the highest uses. Their conduct, in fact, was most honorable and praiseworthy. But they are to likely to pay dear for their independence. The exchequer of the colony will be shut to its most urgent want until the fiat from Downing Street arrives, rejecting, probably, the terms offered by the colonists. Meanwhile the finest estates are going to ruin from want of labour so cultivate them, and the exportable produce of some of the richest soil in the world rapidly decline in quantity. The overland mail from India brings warlike news from Canton, The Chinese authorities were annoying the British fleet of merchantmen with fire-boats ; but, so clumsily were the open,. ations performed, that no serious injury was inflicted by the explosion of some cargoes of com- bustles. The Mandarins, however, are only practising as yet ; should the war's last two or three years, they may become formidable, for the Chinese are neither stupid nor cowardly. The men who sat doggedly in their junks under the fire of the British frigate till several hundreds were slaughtered, possessed a courage which might be made available, at least in a defensive war. The troops and vessels destined for the expedition had left Madras and Calcutta and we may soon expect to hear of their arrival off the coast of China, There was no force to oppose them at sea. Commissioner Lin had purchased some American, and seized Danish trading ships to convert them into frigates, an indication of an attempt to fight ; but the idea of doing battle against one of the best appointed armaments that ever went to sea, with augh craft, appears ridiculous to Europeans. In the meantime, the smuggling trade in opium is carried on in vessels " armed to the teeth indirectly we have intelligence relating to New Zealand. Captain Hobson had been sworn in at Sydney as " eventual" Lieutenant Gover nor of New Zealand, and was about to proceed immediately to undertake the duties of his anticipated government. According to Sydney and Port Phillip papers, he lost no time in appointing a numerous staff of functionaries to act under him in his then unncquired dominions. When Mr Mother-country reads the long list of Secretaries, Controllers, Collectors, Magistrates, and Crown lawyers, he surely will begin to regard New Zealand with affection, as likely to afford a refuge for many jobbers and place hunters _ 