c/trs BY AUCTION. i_irser Allotment in the very belt lit fatten in Melbourne. "the" rlf'Dttrtir Auction Company Hire inmrucied MR. G. S. BRODIE tovuhmi' 10 pul lic competition, on the ground. THIS DAY. November 25. lit IB o'clock precisely. ALL tbfct advantageously situated Build ing Allrlmrnt, hsving a frontage of 6! (eel to GREAT COLLINS STREET, and a depth Of fortv iix feet 10 lochet facing ELIZABETH- STREET. Comment on the value of this pro perly would he superfluous, but the -auctioneer eabnot help retnar Ling thai as a lite for six splen did shops, having frnntagei to the two principal streets Of SO feet, which would turn In a rental f £300 per annum, would p«y the pur hue money in eighteen months lime. The situation is alio admirably adapted for an hotel on a grand arale, or for a merchant'i rtorei. The traffic at this part of the town already ex- eeeds thai of any other pari by one-half, and when thr two punti are pi'! across ihe Yarra ai a temporary bridge, which will he completed within a eoupleof mouths from this time, (to lay nothing of Mr. Manton's iron euspeniion bridge which has been wrrnen home tor,) the Irene id tne neign. feocrhooJ must necessarily be considerably greater. The tern a ol payment will Ire liberal, and de clared at time of sale. THE ranat.t.a ESTATE, Dir. Power Is instructed to offer to the Public, TO-MOR. ROB', Sfith of November Instant, T"HIS very valuable Property, situated on the Merri Creek, being seciion No 10, adjoin ing the valuable and very highly cultivated Es tate ol Niel Campbell, Esq., cot mora than eight miles from Town. The superior character of this land is very evi dent, from the lich and luauious crops that are Dow flourishing on Ibe adjoining farms, and the never failing abundance of water roust at all times enhance the value of property to closely connected with Melbourne. Thetimhei is light, -sad tbecrst if charing will be found trifling, which renders the land most desirable for any young farmer. The road to town is also a good one, the Esiaie being aituated on the Melbourne aide of the Creek, and the Sidney road running by it, Ptnoni desirous of good land a short dts lance from Town, should not fail to inspect (his valuable propeitv. whsn t lie v will Hnd that too much oacnoi be said in lavor of soil, situation, and respectability of neigbbooihood. It consists of about E < vtn hundred Acies, and will be divided into farms of fifty acres each, affording a good and aiy approach to the water. The site will take place at the Auction Rooms, at ODo'clrrk,and all w ill be sold without reseive, en a must liberal Credit. A good substantial . lunch will be In readiness under the Trot, at twelve o'clock. Sale by Public Auction at Get long of 7'ou.u Allotments. T. LOBSTER la instructed to offer for sale byanelion, at Geeloi.g, on THURSDAY, the 3d December, at 1 o'clock, on the ground, fHREE very valuable Town Allotments in Geelong, Nos. 3, 4, and 11. of Block 6, consisting of half an acre each, having frontages to Fyans, Fonter, Little Fyana & Yarra-atreets, subdivided according to place to be esbibited at ale, and now ready for inspection in the auction rooms, Little Fiiuder's street. When the admiiable situation of Geelong is considered, and the capabilities of the surround ing cour.try, joined to the circumstances of en- c u. Cannes baring been already taken lu linpurt ciied to that district one thousand fami lies, lb: e can be no manner of doubt that the luwu ol Geelong will soon become the emporium pf a populous and wealthy community. Steam navigation will also bring it within an hour or two's a3 1 1 of Melbourne, to which, in all pruba bility it will be little if at alliuterior, and in every point of view Ibe prospects of the town and dis trict ate auch as to make it difficult to over estimate the value to which property in thai neighbourhood mull soon attain. Terms ol isle liberal.— lit e a Crown Grant Refreshments will be provided, Lkuigadack Estate , only two ml tea from Town. NJ R. POWER baa about twenty-one J-'-k acre of Ibe above valuable Property for tale by private contract, at a liberal credit. Alio, fomt suburban Farmi on the Merri Crrek, about three milea from town, which can be bought on very advantageous terms. November 13, JEIO Reward. YY<7 HF.REAS some malicious peraon or persons broke in the windows of my house in BourVe-street between (he hours of one and! two o'clock on Sunday morning, and otherwise damaged my properly ; Ibe above reward will be given to any person that will give such informs tsoe as w ill lead to the conviction of the offenders. J. G. TAYLOR, Baker, . Bourka-itreel JCIO Reward. A GOLD HDNT1NG WATCH, ergine chased, with a curiously wrought and me live Gold Neck Chain attached to iu tllnnA. A ._ V. 1 | . .1 . vk" u sieve oeen iusi is int vicinity ot LcnsdaW -street. Maker's name, " Banaud, London." Number, and identity can be any here traced, -i The_ r bove reward will be given to any person eMjvericg the said watch and chain at tbe ftr-iette office, 6 Reward. TOST— Strayed from Mr. A. B. Yuille's station, at Bunninyong, one bay Mare, with white haira through her like a roan, about fifteen bauds, white on two bind legs, whlta face and eye, brand small V near shoulder, racing tail. Aleo, one light bay Mare, with dark ihader through ber, dark liDe down hack bone, switch tail, all ber feat lipped with white, white face and wall .eye about fourteen hands, peter Fin breed. Parties bringing the above described Mares to Mr. Anderson, Lamb Jnn, will receive the reward advertised, vie,, Three Pounds for each Mare, £10 Reward. ANY parson giving oeh information as will lead to the apprehension and convic tion of the party or parties who robbed Ihe Hut on the Estate of Roaanna, on the evening of Sun day. 4th October, will receive the above reward WATSON & HUNTER. Five Founds Reward. £ TRAY ED from Mr. Dut ton's far in, on the Merri Cries . about IS dava ago. two young Bay Mares, long tails, one of them walk ing lame from a bruise on thr off hip. Abu, a roan Hone, formerly belonging to Mr. Wrghl. They are all tbtee supposed -to be in thevxinity of Heidelberg. The above reward will be given to whoever deliver! the same fo the overarrral tbe farm of Mr. Dutton, on the Merii Creek ; or at Cumberland Cottage, Melbourne ; or ihree pounds reward will be given to any pesaou -who can give certain information were theycan be found, FRANCIS DUTTON. Three Founds Reward. IF HEREAS, William Duy, frve-by ser- vitude. lias absconded tri m my service, the above reward will be pa'd-to any person that will lodge him in ruitody, and |l parties me cautioned againsteroployiog him. T. W. MURDOCH. 80th November. 1840. Spotted Dog Lost. rOST, last evening, a young Carriage -4 Dog of the -Danish btetd ; colour, white, with numerous b ack spots, ears cropped, and a long tail, bad -n a small collar without name, answers to the nam of Spot." Whoever will bring him to the ondersigutd shall be liber ally rewarded. JAMES SMITH. Colllns-street, Nov, SI. THE LATE J. BLANCH. ALL persons whose Claims against Ihe Estate are nut in the possesion of the underiigntd. are requested immediately to fur. ward the same, or they will unavoidably, be ex cluded from the-Dividend about to bedrclared — every creditor should ascertain tbia for himself; and all Claims in lavor of the Estate will be presented immediately, previous to being Banded ovei to tbe Solicitor of the Estate. H. W. MORTIMER. November 14, IBM, Biotice fo Creditors, "FHE Creditors -of Mr. George Say, of Melbourne, late Grocer, are informed, that by Indenture bearing date Ihe 10lh day of No vember, 1840, the said G. Say baa assigned all bis outstanding debts, and certata capital muney, to F. A Rucker, and Edward Sayan, for the equal btne6t of such -of bis Creditors ss shall execute the said-Deed of Assignment within one calendar monlfa from the date thereof; and that the said Deed is now lying at the office of H N, Carringlun, Solicitor, for that purpose, and-auch Creditors as shall not execute the aame within Ibe time above specified, will be .-deluded from all benefit and advantage therein. Melbourne, November lil. Public .Notice. fcwTRAYED CATTLE.— The undersigned has dow running with his own stock, One ehealnut Filly, not branded, with lour while legs One black and while Bullock, branded R G on near aide off rump, The owner can have the same by payment nl expenses Incurred, B. G. LEVIEN. Victoria Hotel, T fait Water River, > November 10, s Notice. MR. JOHN PRICE, Broker, is autho rised to rective all monies due to the undersigned, and his seccipt will be a sufficient discharge. DAVID DOLE. October Md, 1840. _ Notice. IROM this date, all Cattle fonnd trea- parsing on the Roaanna Eatalv, star Hei delberg, will be impounded. WATSON & HUNTER. Keillor, October 6,1840. Cottages Jot Sale or to be Let. yWO delightful Cottages, ailoated on the Eastern Hill, commanding extensive views, a salubrious atmosphere, and every requisite neces sary to combine a healthy and pleasant family residence. They are well worthy tbe notice of a family just arrived, Ihe terms being very moderate. Also, A good Tent, and tbe seven years lease of a valuable House in a first-ra'e business situation, to be disposed of on advsDtageoui terms. Apply 10 J. BASKERV1LLE, Land and Commission Agent. Little Flindert-eireet,-? Queen street, I Dwelling House to Let in Flinders-street, with possession immediately. AVery substantial built and convenient Dwelling House, adjoiuing tbe residsnce of Mr J. B. Were, where application may be made,, or at tba Counting House of WERE, BROTHERS k CO; mCiUOMTUCl ItUfffUlMtiJ'v, To Let, A BRICK Shop iu Little Bourke-etreet ; and for sale, small Building Allotments in she aame street. «. W. COLE. WANTED, from £1,000 to £1,5 00 for a period of from twelve to eighteen months, on ample security. A liberal interest will be given. Apply to MR. MEEK, Solicitor. Ranted. A BOUT thirty tone of Colonial Timber, in Slabs, Illicit Plank, and Knees, suitable for ship building. Apply at the Counting house of WERE, BROTHERS & CO. November 16. To Immigrants aad Capitalists, undersigned are instructed by the Proprietor, to dispose of the undermentioned sheep of the purest breed, and most celebrated brand L K R or New Sooth Wales r vide London account sales of tbe Australian Wool. Rams, pure saxon breed- 4M Wethers - I®88 Maiden Ewe. 1880 Breeding Ewes of ages 3640 With upwards of.. SOdO Lsmbs, All in cond health and sound, having never been affected with scab or sny kind of disease. XMO, To Lei for a Term of Years, The Eslate of Lockersleigh, near Uoulburn, com prising Thirty Thousand Acres, of the best Land in New Sou'h If ales, munificently wstered by the Wallondilby, end a chain of ponds The undersigned are empowered to treat for the lease and sale of the above, upon tbe mnat liberal reran. The purchaser on also be accom modated with the Stock and Implements consist- ;ng ol Bullock Drays Carts, Hnne,. with eve»y requisite for a corophte Sheep and Farm Estab lishment, togeiber with Ihe trans'er or aervants now upon the Estate, tbe whole-comprising one of the moat desirable, extensive, end valuable properties in the Australian Colonies, For fur ther particulars apply at iheCountisg-house of WERE. BROTHERS k CO. For Sale By Private Contract. In lota to suit pur chasers AVERY Superior Herd of DAIRY CATTLE, consisting ol Forty head nearly pure bred short horned Cows, all quiet and well broken in. of the well known D K brand, greatest proportion newly calved and at the calving Thirty head Nteers from three to four years old suitable either for the buichei or breaking in for Wot king Bullocks One pure bred prise Durham Bull, imported di rect from England. Pedigree can be produced, also respectable references in Melbourne Families desirous of purchasing a few Milk Cowa lor their own use, will do well by supply ing themselves from tbe above, as seldom such a lot is offered foi sale in Port Phillip. For particulars apply lo Messrs. J, M Chis- holna St Co , Melbourne, or to Mr. Alexander Duncan, Gardiner's Creek, south side Yarra Yaws, witbin five miles of Melbourne, where the cattle be seen. N.B.— ' The above Cows have beta mooing with three. pure imported Bulls- Terms liberal. For Sale, ex London, A THOROUGH-BRED DURHAM COW. COUNTESS, A RED aad White COW, calved in 1837, got by Newlon, -dam by Youug Rocking ham (IBS), granddam by Yorkabireman (£18), great granddam by Sir Peter f200J, great great granddam by Hutteu's bull ( 17), great. greatgreat granddam by Cleashy (yO). Countess is in calf to Prince Atbsrt, liia dam was got by Rutland, son of tbe Duke of Rutland's Belvoir '88). by Emperor (1014), Lady .Jsne by Mr. Rose'e Red Bull, grand dam. by Biyth Comer, (85), great grand dam by Neswick, (1866) Vide Coeii's Hetd Book, Stockton, March 4th, 18401. ALSD, A Durham Bull Calf, tec months old, and Merino Rams A fine Boat 31 feet long, 4) feet deep, 7 J copper fastened, . Cutter's Masts, Siils, and locks, suitable (or sail or cargo, built by Thompson of London. 1£ inch bottom, and extra limbered A ship's Cooking Apparatus complete, fit for Co lonial traders A Robinson's Wool Press About three tons Junk Oakum For Cow, Calf, and Rams, application to be made to Campbell and Woolley, or lo Captain Gibson on board. \- - i' ' ' ----- Entire Horse for Bale Privately. THE Proprietor of the Pure Clydesdale Prize Coll Sir William Wallace being about to prepare for moving to the bush, offers that ani mal for sale ; or he will have no objection to Lei him out oriervice to any part of the colony, dur ing the remainder «f-tbis season. The public are invited to inspect his pedigree, Sic , a copy of which will be louod with Mr, Robertson, Veterinary Surgeon, Melbourne. South Bank of the Yarra Yarra, I November, 1840. J ENTIRE HORSES. TO STAWD THIS SEASON , THAI POWERFUL STALLION, r.HAMPiniv. H E was got by Old Clydesdale oat of the Suffolk Punch Mare Neburne, and has proved himself oaeof the surest slock.gatters in the colony. The above Horse will stand on Monday and Tuesday at Mr. Watsoo'. station, on the Moonee Moo nee Ponds, calling at BuLlsr'i on Monday, On Wednesday and Tburaday at Mr. Neil Camp bell's, on tbe Merri Creek, sod the remainder ol the week at Mr Smith's Lamb Ion Smbles. Terms — Si» Guineas. To Stand tne Ensuing Season, at Messrt.t Campbell' Station, at the Pyrenees, SIR PETER, From tbe well known fitnd of Kr. Sear ney, Van Diemen'a Land, THIS Splendid HORSE, rising six, is of m dark grey -colour, stands sixtaen bands n,bUf "UU J> MVU1WBIHJ HUB)/! IWI AlUpiUVIlJg tbe breed of Horses in Port Phillip, as he com bines blood and bone iu a high degree. He was got by Peter Finn, and is oot of tbe Richmond Lass, one of the finest Mares ever bred io tbe .Sister Colony, Terms, Six Outness, ene Mare in five being allowed to raal ownen. A gram paddock of a hundred acres, well watered, will be in readiness before the end of October. No responsibility will be incurred, though every care will be taken. To Stand this Season, "VOUNG MATCH'EM, got by Old Match- 'em, imported from Scotland out of b thorough-bred Clydesdale Mare. Young Match- em is rising three vears old. — Early application is necessary, as he is limited to a few mares unly. Apply to Mr. G. EVANS, Salt Water River when he will stand. Terms, Five Pounds, Five Shillings' npO STAND thle season in Melbourne, 1- the thorough bred Horse, WOODPECKER, ofaricb chestnut colour, stands fifteen bands two inches high, end is three years old. Pedinee. Woodpecker was bred by Mr. Charles Smith, of Bungarrabee. Woodpecker was out of Cutty Sark, imported by Captain Lamb in 1888 ; Cutty Ssrk by Osford, out of a Figget mate, bred by Sir William Mas well, of Spring Hill, Scotland; Figget was one of the best four mile horses in England, Woodpecker by Theorem, imported by Ihe Hnoorable Captain Rouse, R, N. ; Theorem by Merlin ; Merlin bv Castril t Caitril by ButzarH ; Bustard by Woodpecker ; Woodpecker by Herod; Herod by Rcgului ; Kegulua by Partner. He wnl be in Melbourne about SOIh September, and will cover during the aearonat £10 each mare, and 10. Groontage. The proprietor will not be answerable for any accidents that may occur. JOHN CROPPER To stand this season, at Gardiner's Uvery Stables, Lonsdale-strsel, P LOC Grit FOX, Lately imported froth Pah D. ' Land. HE whb got by Duncan Grey, opt of A S SS m Mar and iff nnV nnor 1 ad rem A tsar \- ——v | — " "v - ""ft'-" wj competent judges to be the tidal Cart Horse ever imported into Port Phillip, Verms— £5 5i- IMPORTED STALLIONS. TO STAND THIS SEASON, AT MELBOURNE Young Hburid'ft-fbot, A half Arab Stallion, imported per Euphrates from London. YOUNG HOUND'S-FOOT is four years old; he is a rich brown, with black points, and standi fifteen and three quarter hands high, with great bone and substance. He was got by tbe celebrated Arab Stallion, Hound'a-foot, dam by Stamford (who was by Haphazard out of a Waxy Mare). Hound's-foot ran at Madras four seasons before being sent to Britain, and never was beaten. Terms, £8 8a. Groom's fee, 7s. fid. -also, Fits Clyde, A purs Clydesdale Stallion, imported per James Turean, from Greenock. CITZ CLYDE is a bay, with black -points, and stands nearly aiateeo hands faigh, with great uuho «uu puwci iic -uicu ia tne Clydesdale district, and gained the premium ss a two year-old, at the great agricultural shew al Largs, immediately before Oting shipped for this colony io which be has been landed only lour months. As he is limited for this season to tWenty-five Mares, -early application-will be "necessary. Terms, £& 8s. Groom's lee, 5s. These horses will eland on Tuesdays and Fri days at Mr. Kirk's Bjxaar, and on other days at the Proprietors I arm, on the Merri Creek, about three miles from -town, where a -well fenced and well watered Paddock will be provided for Mares froun a distance, wlncn will be, however, al the -risk ol their respective owners HO M EO. rPHIti beautiful Entire -Horse, imported from England, got by Partisan, dam by Ossian out of Vis-a-Yu out of Wire, own staler to Wha'ebone and Whisker. Romeo is one of tha highest bred Horses io the world, wae bred by the Duke of Grafton, and sold when a foal for five hundred pounds. Terms — Five guiDeas, end five shillings to the groom. Any person sending five Mares, his bona fide properly, will beentitledto one Mare gratis. The above Home will -aland on Thursday, Friday and Satntday, at the stables of Messrs. Watsott and Hunter, opposite Grnbsm'e Stores, and on, Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays, at Keillera'. MAJESTIC, From the well known Stud of Mr. Kearney, Van Diet/ten's Land, will Stand iku Season, at the Station of the under signed, on the JtivefBarwon, 'THIS Splendid Horse, three years old, is a rich bay, black points, stands sis teen hands high, half- brother lo Van Tromp, gnl by Hercules (that well known carriage borse), Hercules is oat of Jessica, imported from Eng land by W. J. T. Clarke, Esq- Ashe ia limited to a certain number of Mates, early application is necetssry. Terms — £S, and 5a. groomage. One mare allnwed io five to teal owners. Every care taken without reiponsibility. JAMES AUSTEN. BARONET. MR. JAMES THOMPSON bega to in form the filoekmBsterx of Australia Felix, that this horse will stand during the present season at Dandenong, which ia about eighteen miles due east of Melbourne, but thai he may be seen at Mr. Kirk't Horse Bnaar every Friday. Baronet ie a very powerful compact burse, of m dark brown colour, with black' points, and tandi about aiateen bands two inches in height. He was bred by Laweon, wh> obtained for him, as a three vearold, the first pmsatthe ParrsmatU ahaiv of thorough-bred stock. His dam was , a valuable Stride mare ; his aire Baron, universally admitted fo hare proved himself one of tbe bep( horses ever brought from England to New South US- 1 ' D -C II- vvaick roi a uswibu mkouuii ui uiffi psuigicc see stud-book. A paddock at Dandenoug containing nearly five hundred acreiofescellepl grass, well watered by constant Tunning stream, a«d secured by a three railed fence, is now ready to zpoeive marea, I of which every eare will be taken during three months, but without responsibility. Application to be made to Mr. J. B. Kirk, at hiB Horse Bazaar ; or to Mr. Jaines Thompson, at Dandenong. Terms- £8 8s by an approved Bill at three months, G room's fee 8s. Mr. J. B, Kirk, under whose care Baroqet was last year, can testify that he proved himself a remarkably sure foal -getter, eighteen snares in nineteen having been in foaL This seasou tbe ropney will be returned for each mare proved not to be in foal, provided the owner aubsciibe to certain conditions which may be aeen at Mr. Kirk's Bnzaart 