FINANCIAL DESPATCH from LOIRD JOHN RUSSELL to Governor SIR GEORGE GIPPS. -o Downing-street, 28th June, 1840. Sir-I have received your despatch, No. 162, of the 2nd of December last, enclosing the financial statements and estimates of the revenues and expen diture of the colony under your government for the year 1839.40; together with a copy of the act for appropriating the revenue. Your minute on the finance of the year 1839 40 has attracted my serious attention. You have pointed out very forcibly the policy and justtce of charging local expenses and local im provements on local rates; and many of your ob. servations appear to me to be marked by a large and enlightened comprehension of the -true interests of the colony. I am sorry to perceive that the expense of police and gaols causes much complaint, and is borne usnwil. lingly by the legislature. I cannot enter on this subject without referring to the general financial state of the colony. Of the ordinary revenue of £202,000 for the year 1838, it appears that there were raised, including arrears, Prom duties on spirits imported ............ £100,015 From duties on spirits distilled in the colony.... 2,755 From duties on tobacco imported .............. 20,3J -rom duties on licenses to retail valnes and spl. ituousliquors ..........................10,275 P?Or PeILLPr. From duties on spirits imported .............. 867 From duties on tobacco imported.............. 801 £ 115,278 Other incidental receipts amount toI about £10,000. leaving the amount of actual taxation, not raised from spirits, wine, and tobacco, about £47,000 for the year. In remarking upon the receipts, you observe that the duttes oil spirits and tobacco had fallen off, not from diminution of consumption or want of means of purchase, but from the increase of smuggling. I cannot consider, either, that this taxation is very onerous, or that it presses unduly on the resources of tihe colony; indeed, you observe in your minute, that " in those items of revenue which form a surer test of prosperity there has been an increase, though a small one ;" and in the conclusion you state, that "' the condition of the colony is one of unexampled prosperity, and that measures of common prudence only are required to insure the long continuance of the many advantages which the colony enjoys." If, on the other hand, however, I refer to the ex penditure, I am obliged to say, that the large increase of last year's appears inconsistent with those mea. sures of" common prudence" which you recommend. Taking several of the principal branches of ex genditure, as compared with the year 1834, I find, 183I 1638 Ciil Department ............. .£40,:372..... £6,497 Surveyor Oeneral's Department 12,000.... 10,042 Department of Roads, &a; .... 20,0418.... 07,399 Town surveyor of Sydney .... 230.... 14,305 £ 79,740 .. £ 164,'27 72,740 £ 91,487 Showing an increase on these heads alone of £91,000, being about three-fourths of the whole expenditure of the colony for the year 1831. With regard to the charge incurred on account of police and gaols, the serious attention of the lords commissioners of the treasury has again been called to that subject ; and after a review of the whole ques. tion, I have received a recent communication from their lordships, in which they observe, in the first place, that they have seen no reason to doubt that the objects of the expenditure incurred for that ser. vice are correctly described by the statements in Sir R. Bourke's despatch on the 20th of Jan., 1836, that " the'demand for police magistrates and a large con stabulary has arisen, not merely from the desire of protection by the law against fraud and violence, but from the anxiety of the settlers of New South Wales to turn to the best account, and obtain in the largest proportion, the labour of the convicts assigned to their service ; that to keep under or punish the idle or mischievous habits of these, ministers of corporal punishment (called by a committee of the council an indispensable class of men,) have always been re quirted as necessary to tile success and comfort of a rural establishment; that security and gain are botb considered by seeking an additional police; and the call has therefore been loud to meet this de mand." Their lordships furllther observe, that, adverting to these objects of the police establishments, and " to the.continued call on the part of the colonists for an increased police, when the charge was principally defrayed by the Itritish treasury" (which is likewise noticed by Sir R. Bourke), the expense attending those establishments can obviously only be properly con trolled and regulated by the local authorities, and with reference to the local means of meeting; and that nothing but urgent necessity and unequivocal demonstration that the estimates of the colonial re venue, on which the arrangement for placing the charges on the resources have been adopted, were erro. neons, that these resources were unequal to the charge, and that prospective embarrassment could not be obviated without relief in that respect, would fairly justify the retransfer of the charge in question to the funds of this country, or warrant the application which it would in such case be requisite to make to Parliament for the means of defraying it. But the Lords of the Treasury further observe, that on re ferring to the actual state of the colonial revenue sad expenditure for the years 1833 and 1834, pre vious to the transfer of the police charges, and for the years 1837 and 1838 subsequent thereto, as de duced from the accounts of the colonial government, it would appear that, while the ordinary revenue of the first mentioned period amounted to £300,680, or an average of £150,340 per annum, it had pro duced during the second £626,636, or an average of £'208.878 per annum; and that, while the average annual expenditure during that first period, exclusive of the payments for immigration, for the care of the aborigines, and fortthe establishments at Port Phillip, which have been specially charged on the land re venue, amounted to £115,018, it was, during the second, £162,188; and also, that of the average annual increase of £136,170 whlichl has occurred, £50,238 only was referrable to the transfer of the police and gaol charges, including £16,548 for building new gaols and station houses, which would ,.bate on the completion of the buildings; and that the remnainder, to the amount of £8t1),932, had arisen upon other branches of the expenditure not con nected with that transfer, and of which also some portion ought obviously to have been provided for by special local rates. Of these results, the lords of the treasury have expressed their conviction of thle fallacy of attribu ting to the transfer of the police and gaol charges the excess in the colonial expenditure, or the appre hended financial embarrassments, which they con sider to be more legitimately referable to " those de mands upon the government from every .quarter, arising from tile reputation of a wevll filled treasury," which are admitted in your despatches of .tie 12th _ and 31st of October 1838 as ' difficult and almost impossible "to withstand; and they remark that, in y ur represenoations respecting the burden imposed on thecolony by the transfer of the police charges to the colonial treasury, you have totally omitted to notice the relief of the colonialfuads fromnt the charge which they had previously defrayed for the mainte nance of convicts employed on colonial works; which charge, from the nature and extent of tihe wvorks since carried on, and from the larger number of convicts retained under penal coercion, whose labour is prin cipally applied to colonial objects', would have been very contiderablyenhanced in amount. It il therefore clear, that thle financial embarrass ments of the colony have not been produced solely, or even mainly, by the transfer of thle expence of po lice and gaole from the estimates of thie United King dom to those of New South Wales,. but they are chiefly to be attributed to thIe increasing expenditure of the colonial establishments. I am ready to admit ihatl, in. sanctioning thisa in. crease, you have been asupported and even outrun, by the general demand for new offices and augmented salaries ; that the legislative council have placed no check on those demandas; and that the increasing prosperity of the colony Ihas blinded all classes to the inmprovidence of the bourse pursued. Nor is it out of the usual course, that when the ruinous con sequences are at length perceived, the blame should be thrown on the government of the mother-country, and the whole evil be attributed to tirhe demands made more than five years ago by tihe treasury. I cannot, however, urge the lords of the treasury to remove that decision. I cannot propose to increase the existing burdens of this country for that object, heavily taxed as the inhabitants of the United King dom are at the present time; but I must impress upon you, that the Jlarge expenditure of New South Wales, by exhausting the land fund, cuts off the sources of relief and future prosperity. it is my opinion, that £200,000, tle'ordinary re venue of the colony, ought to provide for its ordi nary expenditure being £00,000 more thhn the ex pendittge of the year 1034. Tlhe land fund might then be free, for tire purpose of promoting tire immi gration of labourers, the first want of the colony. It is desirable, no doubt, to have an efficient po lice in the rural districts, and to provide for tire light niag and watching of Sydney; but those objects might be far better attained by local assessment titan by diverting the land fund from purposes to which, in 1831, it was appropriated. I am glad to see that you concur yourself in this view; what is now required is a firm and unflincling spirit of retrenchment. Whatever may be the de cision of tire government respecting the loan which you have lately recommended, I tust instruct you to prepare the estimates of the next year on a re duced scale and with a strict regard to economy, which can alone prevent future embarrassments, deeply injurious, if not wholly injurious to tire co lony. I have recommended to the lord commissioners of the treasury to confirm the ordinance which you have transmitted. I am, &c.;, <Signed) J. RusscaLL. ANECDOTE OF SHERIDAN.-Mr. R10 bert Mitchell, who supplied Sheridan with coals, had a heavy demand against him, long outstanding, and for which he was bent upon waiting no longer. Mr. Dunn, therefore, finding remonstrances useless, undertook to pilot the coal merchant to Sheridan's residence in Hertford street, and to usher him into themanager's presence. Mitchell attacked Sheridan mercilessly, accused hint of having treated him shamefully, and swore he would not leave the house without the whole of his money. As the amount was several hundred pounds, and Sheridan had not as many shillings, compliance was more easily de manded titan obtained, and it was consequently necessary to resort to stratagem-wiith what success, this dialogue will determine. Sheridan-' True my dear Bob, true all you say-I'm really very sorry, but I sac, Bob, you don't want it all to day, hey ? won't a part do ?' Mitchell.-' No, sir, it won't 1 will have it all-I must-I darn't go home with out every farthing of it. My wife is distracted, my house is beset with creditors, ruin is staring me in the face, and by G- -I will not lease this room without my money.' Sheridan.-' Come, come, Bob, you're too hard upon me- to be sure, you have drawn a distressing picture, and I am much con cerned by it-wouldn't half do-to day,-and a bill for the remainder-hey, Bob ' Mitchell.-' Not a far thing less than my whole bill, Mr. Sheridan; asI said before-I dare not show my face at home with out it.' Sheridan (pausing, and then apparently much moved)-' Then would to heaven I could assist you! I cannot-but (and here he took a deep dip into his pocket,) one thing 1 can, I will, I ought to do-there, (taking Mitchell's hand, shaking it, and putting something in it,) there-never let it be said, that while Sheridan had a guinea in his pocket, he refused it to iris friend Bob Mlitchell.' Sheridan seemed agitated, Mitchell stood aghast for I a minute or two, then carefully tucked up the guinea in a corner of his leather breeches pocket, forgot his wrongs, and, with the familiar expression of' Bob' ringing in his ears, he bolted out of the house, and to the latest hour of his life was, in an occasional moment of enthusiasm, fond of displaying 'thire last guinea his friend Sheridan had in the worldI!' 1 This is perhaps .the greatest feat Sheridan ever did, except when he softened an atterney. HORACE ir'ALPOLE, CHATTBRTON, ArnD STERNs.-Horace Walpole vindicated himself from the charge brought against him, of crushing instead of fostering the incipient genius of Chatter ton, who sent him a few specimens of the pretended poems of Rowley, " because it would have encour aged a propensity to forgery, which is certainly not the talent the most wanting culture in the present age." Certainly not! for the honuourable gen tleman himself was guilty of an " ingenious device," by imposing on the public a work he falsely said was printed at Naples, in the black letter, in the year 1629, in Italian, and pretended to have found it in the library of an ancient Catholic family in the north of England ; yet he subsequently-avows that the work (the Castle of Otranto) was entirely his own composition I-precisely tihe same species of literary fraud for which he unfeelingly abandoned an almost destitute, though highly gifted, nursling of the muses. l'he conduct of Sterne was equally consistent towards his sick mother, who was suffered to pine in neglect; yet did her sentimental son whine over a dead ass ! " With tongue to pity tuned, and heart of steel, Too fond of sounding sentiment to feel, tIe could, uumoved, a sutariug mother pass, To pour his sonows o'er a dying ass !" A person accustomed to a life of acti vity longs for ease and retirement, and when he has accomplished his purpose finds himself wretched. The pleasure of relaxation, indeed, is known to those only who have regular and interesting employment. Continued relaxation soon becomes a weariness ; and on this ground, we may safely assert, that the greatest degree of real enjoyment belongs, not to the luxurious man of wealth, or the listless votary of fashion, but to the middle classes of society, who, along with thire comrforts of life, have constant and important occupation.-Abercrombis. CHEAP LIVING.--Thlo following listof prices will show at how cheap a rate the accessaries and many of the luxuries of life may be procured 4 hIere (at Quimper, in Brittany.) Meat, eight, nine, ten sons; a woodcock, a souns and half; eggs, three ansous a dozen ; best butter, ten sons a pound ; salmon, eight saus a pound.--'Truolpe's Summer in Brittany. Honsss. --To form a proper idea of, this noble and generous creature, we ought to see him in hris native wilds, untamed and undisciplined by man. Wild horses are found in several parts of the old continent, and in the warm climates of Africa; but in his natural state he is a mild, inof fensive creature. In this state they live togetier in large herds of five or six hundred, and each of their comnpanions is always furnishedby faitlhful sentinels, who give notice of the least danger. Ilerds of wild horses are found in Turkey, China, and the Cape of Good Hlope; but the most beautiful, generous, and swift of the kind, are found in Arabia. The Arabs catch them in traps, and try their fleetness and strength by pursuing the ostrichl ; the Arabian horses being the only animal that can keep up with this bird, The Spanish genet is counted next in value to the Arabian barb ; they are beautiful, but extremely small. The Italian horses are very fine large animals; the Danish horses are low and strong; 'the German horses are small; but the Dutch excel all others, except the English, for draught. Thie racehorses of England possess thir greatest fleetness, and have run a mile in little more than a minute. Thire horses was entirely unknown in the new continent till introduced there by the Spanilsh.-From A IVisit to the Farmhourse. IMPORTANCE OF A GOOD HAND. wnTsiwo.-A bad handwriting ought never to be forgiven; it isa shameful indolence; indeed, send log a badly written letter to a'fellow creature is as impudent an act as I know of. Can there be any thing more unpleasant than to open a letter which atonce shows that it will require long deciphering 1 Besides, thire effect of the letter is gone it we must spell it, Strange, we carefully avoid troubling other people with trifles, or to appear before them in diess which shows negligence or carelessness, and yet nothing is thought of giving the disagreeable trouble of reading a badly written letter. In En. gland, good breeding requires writing well and legibly i with us (Germans) it seems as if thire con trary prnciplawere acknowledged. Although many people may not have made a brilliant career by their lone handwriting, yet I know that more thad a few Ihave spoled: theirs by a bad one. The most impor tant petitions are frequently read with no fvoiurable disposition, or entirely thrown aside, merely because they are written so badly.-N-liebahr, 