ENGLISH NEWS. Tke * IlddleS ™' of Marshall's emigrants, arrived on Thursday night, at Sydney, having quitted Plymouth on the 9th of June. The House of Commons had been sitting upon the motion of Sir Robert Peel, on the want of confidence in the Ministry, for several days, and terminated at three o'clock, a. m.. on Saturday the oth of June. On the division there appeared For the motion 312 Against 311 Majority against Ministers 1 THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS.—Rumours of all sorts have been current about town this morning in regard to the course which Ministers will pursue, in consequence of their recent signal defeat. We decline, however, to retail any of these reports ^because we cannot trace them to any authentic source, and a short time will elapse before an authorised' statement is given. Lord" John Russell will, this evening, make a- communication to the House of Commons,, and we shall publish a second edition immediately, with the Ministerial statement and any other facts that may transpire. Summonses for a Cabinet Council at twelve o'clock were issued on Saturday morning. All the Ministers attended at the- Foreign Office. The Council sat two hours. After the Council, Lord John Russel went to Buckingham Palace to have an audience of her Majesty.—Courier 7th June. THE LATE DIVISION.'—The only members in the majority in favour of Sir R. Peel's resolution whose opinions at all tend to - wards liberalism were Lord A. Lennox (Chichester), Mr. W. Long (Wilts), and Mr. H. D. Goring, but the latter can hardly be termed a liberal, his votes having uniformlv been with the conservative party for* some time past, A* ,, „ , , , . AusTRALI A - —Mr " V " Smith brou - tlfc m NeW South Wales BlU and tlle Western ^ Australia B were read a m >first oa tlie time, 4th and of ordered Juae > whick to be read a second time on Monday. The Queen aud Prince Albert, accompanied by Viscount Melbourne and several distinguished persons, attended the triennial celebration of Eton Montem, oa Tuesday, arriving at the college at eleven o'clock in the morning. The party immediately entered the school cloisters* where a chair of state was placed for the Queen. The procession of the whole of the boys, who were attired in the most costly and sumptuous dresses, "of every clime and nation," then took place. At the conclusion of this ceremony, Her Majesty partook of a lun<cheonat the Provost's, a:id afterwards proceeded to Salt Hill. The usual ceremonies wer e g one through at the Mount, and the royal party then returned to the castlc, and thence to town. The amount of "salt" coilected exceeded £1,300. A most destructive fire broke out on the night of Thursday se'nnight, at Birmingham, by which property to the amount of £'20,000 was sacrificed. For forty years a more terrific spectacle had not been witnessed in that town. The fire originated on the premises of Mr. Hiffe, a large coach manufacturer; who is uninsured, and whose loss cannot be estimated under six or eight thousand pounds. Thence it extended to the manufactory, and to Mr. Bolton's timber vard r to Mr. „ Henley's , .„ L glass-cutting nianufactory. to Baskeiville-house, on the opposite side of the canal, and to Mr. Bourne's. Rear-Admiral Sir William Parker, K.C. B., who has recently been appointed to the command of the fleet in the East Indies, left the Admiralty on Monday evening for Souihampton, attended by his secretaries and flag.officer, where the Admiral ami suite embarked on board the Great Liverpool steamer, at an early hour on Tuesday '"orning. Sir He nry Pottinger also proceeded to India by the same vessel, WANT OP NAVAL PROTKCTION OX THE AUSTRALIA?* COASTS.—Great complaints are made by those engaged in the Australian trade, of the want of ships of war off the coast of Australia, to watch over our c o ™ m " rK -*; At the la'cht date* there wan only ' one J.hip ' of war in those seas. Surely r the importance of our colonics and commerce i'» that quarter demands that it should he m;iif the seat of a naval Htation. TKAI>K WITII EASTKRW AFRICA.—We observe with pleasure the gradual establishment ofa trade between the Cape and the Portuguese settlements on tire eastern coast of Africa aud Madagascar. A disposition also exists in the colony to take advantage of the commercial treaty lately ratified with the Sultan of Muscat, and to open a direct communication with the valuable island of Zanzibar. The trade of Hastern Africa has been too long neglected by Great Britan. For our own parts, we believe if Africa is ever to be reclaimed from barbarism it must be from its eastern shores through the medium of commerce. ItAfLaoAPs.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer intends to give up the present tax on railroads, and substitute a tax on the gross annual receipts on passengers at ttie rats of fivj p_-r cent. —Globe. CRIIATIONS.—It is stated that Lord Palmerston aud Sir John Cam liobhouse will be immediately raised to the British peerage. —Standard. PRINCE ALBERT.—It is understood that Prince Albert is to be created Duke of York, in the event of the infant of which the Queen is now enceinte being a son. The Morning Post says, the Queen wished to confer the title of Duke of Cornwall upon the Prince, but that dukedom being th» nheritance of the eldest son of the sovereign it was not at lier Majesty's disposal.—Idem # COURT OF REQUESTS "PIES HOT."—A gentleman, who, by over exerting his mental facullies, had brought on severe illness, was recommended by his medical attendant to visit the continent for a change of air, and not to think. In like manner, we would advise those persons who are in the habit of indulging in those savoury luxuries, "pies hot," carefully to avoid cogitating while disposing of the same, lest visions of defunct tabbies and missing favourites of the canine race haunt the imagination and prevent the epicure from enjoying his bonne bouche with that gout he otherwise would. That particular wide-awake young gentleman, Mr. Samivel Weller, of Pickwick notoriety, tells a very interesting story of a "sassajre" maker, who to escape the din of his wifes tongue threw himself into his machine, and as Sam says, "rashly converted himself into sassages,' Sam was also acquainted with a patriotic pie-man, who to avoid being a party to the combination of the butchers to keep up he price of meat, was in the habit of making the carcases of one of the feline nee serve for beefeteak,*kidnej, mutton and "weal" pi«» the "seasoning" making.all the difference „ In this case journeyman carpenter,- named Hicks, was- summoned before* the commissioners by Jfemmy Mugglehy, a* travelling pie man, for the- sum of 2s. 3d.- the value of his stock in trader which the former had partly eaten and partly destroyed in a beer-shop in Bethnel green road. "Please your honourable vership," said Jemmy, "thie- yer wagabone comes upto me in the tap roomy-and axed me if I- had any weal pies* 'Plenty' says I;, so- he Talks into a tuppenny von, and arter dewouring it he sends another von the same road, but ven I axed hinr for the money he told me he vished I' might get it, and. begun- insinivating agin my wittles . Commissioner: What did he- say against your pies V—Plantiff: Vy he set up a molrowing as if he'd 7 been a natural torn cat, an •wore he couldn't help it, as it vos my pies •ot vos hollering out of his hinside. (Laugh' ter). Commissioner: What happened aftertliirf. —Plantiff:Vy he and some moor on 'em got hold of my basket and hupset all the wittles into the saw-dust. Commissioner (to the defendent): how came you to destroy this poor man's property in this manner?—Defendent: I merelywanted to have a joke with him,.but the moment he heard me imitate a cat he lost his< temper; I have no doubt his conscience it tender on that subject. Plantiff: Please yer vership my pies, made of the wery primest meat,—the young gen'lemen at the London hospital is alway* "gaffing 1 * (tossing) von another for'm- Commissioner:-' Well this appears to br a wanton destruction" of* property,- so you must pay the money—the dtefendent paid' the money and left the court, followed by Jemmy, die pieman. When they got outside, the carpenter saluted Jemmy with a> molrow, which so got his "pluck up" that he struck him a blow. A mill then took place between them-but a policeman coming: upi the parties- thought it prudent to "cut their luckey."—Morning Herald-. DANISH SETTLEMENTS IV INDIA.—The Government of Denmark is about to dispose of its East India settlements, which it is expeeted will fall into the hand* of thf East India Company. They consist of Serampore, in Bengal, and Tranquebar in Southern Carnatic; an I are small and unimportant colonies, the management of which has lately been very unprofitable aud troublesome to the Danish Crown.—Courier- The letter //.—A young collegian was one day contending with the Rev. Rowland Hill as to the utility of the letter H. "Of what use is it," says he, " before a vowel? It begins no word in which, if followed by a vowel, it might not be omitted without any determinent to the sound. In your own name, for example, it might as well have been left out." "1 beg your pardon," replied Rowland Ilill, " its omission would Rave been to me of Ttry serious consequence, as, but for the H, I should have bee* ill all my life lime."—7'Ac Watchman. Loss OF ANOTHER IMMIGRANT SlIIP. Information hat been received at Lloyd's, of the loss of the ship "Recovery," Captaio Conway, of Dublin, bound for Quebec,, with 200 emigrant*. The following are the particulars: She got under weigh from the Oyster Inland on the afternoon of Thursday, the 22nd ult., but came to an anchor in Poiildoy, inside the bar, to awii* the owner'* eo/niiig on board with ftnai despatches for the master. It was late when he arrived, and it wa* considered the better way to remain until next morning; but then the wind was westerly, wluch prevented her getting to at id »o Kite was obliged to stop for the first favourable opportunity. On Saturday morning the 24th, at seven o'clock, it came on to blow a violent gale from the south west, causing the "Recovery" to drive from her anchors, and in the course of a short time she parted one anchor, and got on the bank called Currawn-bug, where she labored and struck heavily for several hours. At this time the mizenmast was cut away to ease her; but the vessel being broadside on to the sea, and it making a complete breach over her, the other chain was slipped, and it being flood tide, she beat over the bank, and was carried by the gale up the channel of Lissadel, until the shore brought her up close to the residence of Sir Robert Gore Booth, Bart,, having previously lost her anchor and become quite unmanageable. The scene on board among nearly .'500 passengers, who expected every moment to meet a watery grave, beggars description. Fortunately, with assistance, they were all safely landed, and too much praise cannot be given to Sir Robert G. Booth for his unbounded care and liberality in supplying them with bedding, food, and every thing which they, in their forlorn and helpless state required. The "Recovery" is expected to become a total wreck. The oakum is out of the bottom seams, and her hoodinhends forward are started. Exertions are being made to save the luggage and property of the poor unfortunate emigrants, and the emigration agent has been rendering every assistance. The ill-fated vessel makes much water, baring nine feet in her hold.—Cork Constitution, 8th May. CAPTURE OF V SLAVER.—Extract of ar letter from Plymouth, dated Sunday, May 6th, 1841 r—"The Hamburgh barque. "Louisa," Captain Boye, was brought in here (Plymouth) to-day, in charge of an officer and men, from her Majesty's brig, "Grecian." having been taken and sent to- England by that ship, a few hours after sailing from Rio Janeiro for Benquilla, (Africa) on suspicion of going on a slaving voyage." We have a sickening narrative from St. Helena, concerning the capture of a Portuguese slaver. Originally there were 350 of those unhappy creatures on board, but" 130 were thrown overboard by the-mhuman crew, when chased by her Majesty's ship. "Waterwitch.—Ntnagh Guardian, 28th April. 