IMMIGRATION. By the Arabian, from Bristol, has arrived eighty flve emigrants/mostly Indented to gentlemen in and near the town of Launceston. They are a valuable class of people, who will prove no doubt 'nn acquisition to the colony, as well as advan tageous to those, persons by whom their services ore immediately engaged. We understand It to be the intention of some of the extensive land proprietors to place several of the emigrants who have families, on small farms at a moderate rental, end to afford them every assistance in the supply of stock, &c;, to enable them to work the land, end cultivate it with advantage. The gentlemen who adopt this plan will, in addition to deriving & handsome return for their outlay, enjoy the satisfaction of doing a greater service to the ?colony, than any other plan could effect. They will first Introduce a descrvlngclass of people who will form, under their kind protection, the germ of npeasantry ; the greatest blessing the country could enjoy. This peasantry, once established, will bring thousands and tens of thousands of acres of land, which Is now comparatively value less to the colony, into a high state of cultivation, the result of which will be an abundant supply of every article of domestic comfort at a moderate price; then will the colony possess a population of industrious and honest men, who will form an impenetrable barrier agnlnst the oppression and misrule' of the local government, which, to secure to the people the privileges of the British consti tution, must abandon the excuse now adopted for its bad laws and bad administration of them, that it is a penal colony. In addition to the bounty given by the govern ment for the introduction of emigrants, a fund should he formed to bestow a sum of money upon ?very family which settles upon a farm not ex ceeding one hundred acres, and works it to ad vantage for two or three years ; to those landed proprietors who let their land in such small por tions to deserving people, and who encournge them in their onset with needful help, we would raise a column as high as the highest of the Hi malayas, on which their names and services to the country should be engraved for the admira tion and gratitude of future ages. We would suggest a meeting of the landowners to consider this subject ; the present time seems favourable for the introduction of a tenantry — e peasantry 1 it cannot be too soon adopted, nor too earnestly encouraged, for their own benefit, the benefit of their children, and the country at large. — Cornwall Chronicle, Aug. 28. Wo hnve heard, and we are inclined to consider the report as authentic, thnttlic Secretary at war lms so far overcome the scruples of the authorities nt the Horse Guards in regard to Lord Cnrdignn, that they have reluctantly decided that he must tnke the earliest convenient opportunity of selling out. Mr. Mncnnlny is snid to have convinced Lord Hill Hint nny further protection of hi* Lordship by the military administration of the country cannot fail of beta' productive of the worst conspquonces to the diripline nnd well-being of the Army; nnd that unless his Lordship nt length consented to the s'ep which circum stances have so long; rendered necessary, a change in the. mnnnpement of the nfl'iiis of the Army will inevitably be called for, in a tone 'so imperative as to make a fur \- ther resistance to public opinion dangerous if not impossible. 'I he noble Earl has con sequently received notice to quit ; but is to be allowed the grace of having himself originated his retirement. Tha Sunday flogging nffair hns proved the last drop to ? a full cup of official endurance. — United Service Gazette. The Government of Denmark is about to dispose of its East India settlements ; which it in expected will fall into the hands of the Enst India Company. They consist of Sernmpore, in Bengal, and Trnnqnebar in the Southern Carnntic; and nre small and unimportant colonies, the management of which hns latterly been very unprofitable ?nd troublesome to the Danish Crown. 