JOB PRINTING cry description, Including: Law Forms, CardSj CLrcnlarsj Bill Beads, Posting: and Auctioneers' Bills, AjeDRAT,tV AND EXPEDITIOUSLY EXECUTED. AT THE e A g 35 W 3E GENERAL printing office, CfilUnB'Slrrrt, at a" low a rate as any- Office in Melbourne, whether it be a remunerating price, or FOR NOTHING. For London i K fTMIH first class retr.ark. kly f»' sailing brig 250 Ions, S Dryden, Com- M&XgSlixpKn; naander, This vcatel having her dead weight on board, t ari3 most oTber wool engaged, will meel wilh quick despalch. For height or pauage her aceomraoaalludi being very aupcriur) apply 10 JAMES CAIN, WERE BROTHERS k CO , or STRACHAN & CO. I For Freight or Charter, I H B A I teak-built SHIP I jjjjSt CAROLINE, I jjflfaSf 450lnns, John Williams. 'com- I jHwtJIa tnander, ia open for freight or I SBbS charter, on the delivery nflipr present cargo (rom London. Apply to the Icaptain on boord, or at the Counting House at I WERE BROTHERS 8c CO. v I Coal Mining Company I Subscript Jn List. TT|7' HERE AS a considerable expendi- I lure baB been incu ,ed by the Committee ol ibis Company in opening the Coal Mines Et Western Port, it hsB been considered ex- lenient to open a subscription list, in order to Believe Iheru a portion ol their liabilities. I N.B.— -Any 011ms pjd towards ibis purpose Bill be allowed for in the purchase of shares c the future Company. \i, nuuciN, I Han. Sec. I li s TTonor' donation ... £5 0 0 I A. Kemmia 13 0 0 I G. Ttu-mas 13 0 0 I G W. Cola 13 0 0 I G. Arden 13 0 0 I A. M'Klllop 10 O 0 I F. Manton 13 0 0 I H. N. Cartinaton.. ... 10 0 0 B Mr. Hicbett " ... ... 10 0 0 H Were Ilrotbera & Co.... 10 0 0 J, Roach 5 0 0 I H. F- Gurner 3 0 0 I W. H. Nichulson ... 3 0 0 H G, Cavcnab 3 (1 0 H.Jatniesun 10 0 0 J. Enscoe 10 0 0 A Thomson in 0 0 A. Andrew 10 0 0 H. U. Morris ... ... 10 0 0 James Graham 10 0 0 F. A« Powlett 10 0 0 Mr. Dendy 5 0 0 H Mr.SimpfOn 10 0 0 H A. Abraham 10 0 0 Montgomery and M'Ctbg 10 0 0 jfl F. B. St. John 5 0 0 Bt. James's Church. HrilE Committee of St. James's Church mc happy to Intimate lo the SubBcrihers Bsnds the erection of the Church that the inscription Cooks now exhibit an amount Efficient to make the edifice available for the Hurpofies of Divine Service, and that the Building will be returned when the promised Bbacripliom are collected. The Committee, who have commenced eol- Bcling, respectfully call the attention of luh- Briben to this intimation. Subscriptions may jBtobe paid in at the lltnk of Australasia. A. C, THOMSON. aeiboume, July 13, 1841 |B IMPERIAL INN, COLLIN 6TRKET, MFLDOUUNE. » HENRY BAKER AVING 6iirceeded J. Davies in the above establishment, respectfully solicits SBe patronage ol the public. His Vkjnev, Spirits Mali Liquors, will he found equal in qua- jjJy.and in price as low as any House in Me'- fBwne. H. B, further informs tire public that internal improvements will he completed in gBfew wcek«,anH that his accommodations will He found superior to any id the settlement. Victoria Roue. ®M- CA8HMOR.E AND CO- TAVEreceivrti. ex, Jewess, and oilier Hh late arrivals, a largo auurlinent of well- iBlected and fuhlonable Winter Good., con trasting ol— SfcWe, Pox, Ermine, Lyra, Martin, and Swanadnwn lioas, and Rutis plain, waleted, figured and shot Silks and Satins Buuiiin de Laine, Ch.Uies, Meiinos IMiionr Cloths jKlk Velvet IBomieh T.illed and Fancy Shawl. jHantilU,. Collars, and Habit Shuts Bsin aadfsncy Ribbons illo Silk and Rid Gloves gHktcan Bonnets, all irr.es MHrtjficial Flowers jflHoui and 6-4lhs while .and unbleached Sheet- iogi, Ahirllnge, fcr. Blk. Satin, Blond, and Gauze Scar' BUck and whu, Rloud Lace Edgings and BQuillinga Hur ysting and Cloth Boots ; Children's Shnea IHenllemcn'a SupjriorPresa and Frock Coats jBtch Silk Sarin and Velvet Vests, Ate,,' &c-; fll Uvery stables sad Borae KepoaltorF fKp '< GenUnun nf Melbourne. Slock Ht'ncrr, and Scltlefi ofAuttrolie Felic. JAMES DOYLE & CO- (0 inform the GnUeincn of Mel- :||B bourne, and Ihoaain the interior who may Haitir occasionally (hst rbey have opened the JH'ahliahment in Swsnaton street, adjoining F arrnera' Hulel, and hope, from lhesnarked ilienlhin, which altullbe paid to -the burses JBueh ma, hC.tenltusletl (o their cars, coupled mtidnare chaigca to meet their paUouagi support, Tliey have Lit in a large sup lh» best Hay, Uatv, Rian, and Mailt, ' ' ' 0" tie dealt oup unsparingly, Mr'boulti' JulyC. JAMES QUINN, (PtiO.u LivsnpooL FricticU Architect, Surveyor, and Civil Engineer, At Afmr Holland Co., Druggists, (next door to the GmeLle Office,) Collins-street, Melbourne, WILL design and execute Plans, Ele- vntiubB, tSecliom, Views, and Det&ih;, furnish EfitimateB and SpecificRtionaand Super intend the erection of the following BtructureB, Zn pure Classic Architecture 1— Cnthedrali, Churchei, PalBcei, Theatres, Castles, Mansions, Halls, Villas, Asylums, Prisoni, Maus'jleutni, Cenotaphs, MonumenlK, Tombs, 'Public and Private Buildings, Gdte- housc Lodge?, Cottages, ShopB, Hotels, Street Buihiioge, and Suites of Aparlments Farm Houses and FBrmencs, ConBer7Bt«>ries, Ornamental Garden Houbcb, and Garden Or- natnenlB, Ac,, &c;,» in ihe various styles ol Grecian, Roman, Gothic, Elizabethan, Per-- pendicular English, Early Enplirh, CBBtellalcd, Saxon,1 Norman, 5wiis. Chinese, Pcisit.n, Egyptian, &c;>, tuc,; and in the Engineering Department Light Houses, Harbours, Docka, Canals, Sus pension, Draw, end Solid Bridges, Lacks Stop-eatra, Tunnels, ReservnirF, Fountains and AVatcr Worka, Mills, Warehouses, and Manufacloriei, Brewing, and Disiilling EBtab- liabrneiilR, Malt and Grain Kilns, &c.;, &c; . on the moat approved mode of construction, &b; regards utility,' durabfllty, comfort, elegance, and economy. Mr. Quinn feels grateful for the encourage ment he has received since hii commencemen! ofbusinens in Melbourne, and in soliciting a continuation of thoie favour?, beg to Blare thai he will endeavour to give every possible Balis- faction to thoBe who may honour him with their p&ironage;, in conducting all works on yfrcAifec/ure and Engineering confided to his care. npHE Undersigned bpgs leave to iniu mate that tie is now prepared to act as Accountant >o Ineolvent or Trust Estates, in addition to hf a still aciitig as Ship, Commlaoion, and Custom House Agent. His Offices for the present are at the Stores of Messrs Hind & Co, Market Square, JOHN H. M'CABE. June 2Bih, 1 H4I . Boy&l; Exch&nce; Llvek j Stables. JOHN TUI-LCCH BEGS to inform his Friends nnd the Public that lie bus taken iho>e exten sive Premises, lately uccupied by Mr. Hobed- son, as Commission Bnd Livery Stables, where he hopes, by strict atlenlion to the Horse? placed in Ins care, to ment a share of Ihe public support. Horses lei on hire, and carefully broken lo saddle and harness. Little Cnllina-Btrect, June SO. Education, MRS KIRKLAND proposes opening a Seminary for young Ladies at her residence, nearly opposite Mr Montgomery's New Town, on Monday the 19th July, 1841, for a few boarders and a limited number of day scholars. Terms may be known on application to Mrs Kirkland. YARBA HOTEL AND TAV5BN, Queen' Wharf, Melbourne, HAYING been greatly enlarged and K'u.nuhcJ, now offesa every requisite f«r rt — rirst-rate The Bpartmeets are lotly and overlooking the noble basin of the Yarra, and 1 110 " in the Centre of Busliees, is screened by an ample Balcony from bustle and noie, being immediately opposite the landing place. This Hotel is most conve niently situated lor all peraons visiting Mel bourne, the accommodations ate of the best order, and the terms moderate Dinners &c; , on the shortest notice, fV.-.n. MlU 11. 1 fid 1 . ST R A C H A N 8c CO., Melbourne. having determined lo. relinquish the retail husinesa from this date, beg to offer fur ta'e the whole of their present stock. To injure an immediate Bale, they offer to dispose of ii at price considerably under its impoit value, and on the lollowing leriwa, viz. — Purchases lo the amount of £23, three months' bill ; ditto Irnni £25 nnd under £100, four monthi ; ditto Hum £100 and above, six months bill. The atock will be open for sale nt their Stoies In William-street, Melbourne, till 1st Augurt next Melbourne, 1st July, 184-1. Nfcw TaUcrir 1 Eatabllahmcst, Eliss-beth street, TicO Doors from the Melbourne Tavern . W. TURNER BEGS to inform the inhabitants of Mel bourne and its vicinity, that he haa com menced buainets in the above line in all 11 Wanche?. W. T. humbly Buhcits a share of t"sat public patronage bo liberally bestowed wkilo managing the business for Hares & Co. W. T . pledget himaeU that, from his experience in catling lo? some of the iirai-rate ijooaon houses, gentlemen may rely upon having thetrotderx executed in a nuperior elyle of cut combiwd with neat workmanship, and mi e I rials of the best quality. His Btnck consiitB ol superfine West of England broad cloths of every Shade anaColour; tor Trousers. Buck skins, Dutikim, Tweerla, douhle and single tallied KeraeymertF, Plaldr, &c; ; Sil kF, Satins Shawls Toilinelf, Valentiaaod Quillings for Veals. , , Hia prices will la found very moderate, as his lerini will be cash. Gentlemen's Bush clothing neatly got\up. Children's Dreaiss; and Ladiea' Hiding got up in a auserlor 'lJreriw neatly executed: An App:enlic: Wanted. 1 Melbourne, July 10. j841. _ - - laadtar, e Benara. ONE cssk SHEFpELD CUTLERY One caae Frndera, One cB5k.TeaVettleR,Sa cepana &c;„ fitc,. Twenty nine GurrSton a, one Mill Stone Nineteen lion Flouglit witli epparatua com plete Two cnila Iron Oollen, willi Furnace dooi and Gratina j Three palia Cart Urheel Bnd Axlea Five caakt Freaerred Mrala (Moir and Son, Aberdeen) J w jtvestgartr. OpnoiUe (be Club House Mrlbou ne llth Juy 1841. Melbourne Auction Company. OTICE ib hereby given Lha t a General Half Yearly Meeting of the Propriciorfi uf the Melbuurne Auction Company, will he held oo Saturday Slat ioBtant, for Ihe purpose of receiving the report of the half year coding 30th June. by order of the Biard of Director!. JOHN CAREY. Managiog Director. July 10th, Port Phillip Bank. TMIE General Half Yearly Meeting of the Woprictora wilt be held at the Bank Piemiaea, on Friday, 30h instant, at 12 o'clock, to declare a dividend for the pas' liftif year, and to Iransact such other buBiness aB may be brought before the Meeting. By order of the Board. GEORGE D MERCER, MaoBging Director. Melbourne, July 9lh, 1841. Corlo Hotel. rfHE Undersigned begs to inform bis friends and the inhabitants of Mel bourne, who may visit Geelong, that lie has superior accommodation in (he above Estab lishment and dusts, by strict aUeuiion to Hie comloits of those wlio may put up at hia houie, to merit a share of puolic patronage, T. H, HOLGER. Gtelong. JulyG, 1841. invuiui RX ANNA POrHIA," TOBACCO, small fig, very superior Rum Brandy, pale Ditto pale Cognac, in one dozen cues Geneva, ditto Port Wine, in cases Sherry ditto ditto Madeira, in hogsheads and quarter casks Westphalia Hams Figp, Eleme Dantzic Deals Thirty cases glass Oatmeal Refined Sugar Porter, in hogshonda 1 Bottled Ale and Barter Slops Hats Stationery BlanketB Salt Ginger Beer Bottles npes, noi coicfj Earthenware Pickles N I u a t a r d York Hams Cod Fish Bolton Ware Iron Pot« Pana and Kettles Oats Window Sashes nnd Frames Doors, various sort b Saab Weights Straw Bonnets) , , . ( v r» . i > fashions Uillo trimmed $ Nails. CAMPBELL A WOOLLEY. Seed Wheat i NOW nn sale, at the Btorea of the undersigned, from one thousand to two thousand bushels iSeed Wheat, grown at Carle- ruhe. Mount-Alacedon. Also, a small quantity of Knight's Imperial Seed Peas, and a few bushels of Barley, and Duarf Seed Peas. CRAIG & BROADFOOT. C'OR SALE by the undersigned, on the must liberal terms. 200 head of Cattle, consisting of Cows, — a good many broken in to bale, princi pally from three to fire years old. A good proportion of Bullocks, from three to four years old. Steers and lieiferB, all good and very quiet Cattle 1 Durham Bull, rising five years 1 Durham Boll, rising two years 1 Aged Mare, 10 years old 1 Mare 7 ditto 1 Ditto 6 Oit'o 1 Ditto 3 ditto 3 Marcs 4 ditto 1 Tlii I X dilto 10 Mares, two broken in to harness, and five to saddle 2 Fillips broken in to saddle 2 Ditto unbroken 3 Colts, rising two years old I Large draught Horse, rising five years old 7 Cuts and Fillier, Ring one year old 1 Entire Horse, rising four years old ARTHUR KEMMIS & CO. For Sale, ONE Hundred aud fifty kegB of Colo nial Tobacco. J. ROACH. FOR SALS 4 WOODEN STORE. Office, and Siahlea, in Elizabeth-street, adjoining the promises of the undersigned. J. ROACH- For Sale, A SUPERIOR grand Cabinet Piano forte and Music Stool, now lauding, ex Catherine, from London , can be seen- at die Office ol the undersigned, in Elizabeth-street. J. ROACH. rJtHE Underaigned have on hand, and fur sale at their Stores in Little Collins- street : — Superior Brand; in quarter casks and hogs heads Sherries, Fort, ClBret, Champagne, and Barsae Alea and Porter in bottle, nil of a verv su perior quntitT. being the surplus stores of the stcBiner Corsair, and laid in expressly (or private use Ales Bnd Porter in hogsheads Gin in cases of two gallons Ironmongery assorted Batteo and Shingle Nails Manufactured Goods 10 great vatiel, Single and double barrelled Fowling pieces Pork and Beef Cooking Apparatus Superior V. D. Land Oalen Hay.&c; .&e.; PULLAR, BROTHERS & PORTER. Melbourne, Gth July, ItUl. On Sale, at the Sfonei of the Underngmed, BASS' STRONG AND PALE ALK Porter in dtaugbt and bottle Superior Wines - Liverpool Salt Flour ' Jama ... ' ' 1 Wator Filters, figured a»d plaaa Grass Seeds) BA8KERV1LLK. ; Little Flinderatr-slana i - " . | Quoca-sliWt J Good opportunity for realising a giez. deal of ready Money with a very small Outlay. THE Undcrsigqgd noL having suffi ciently roomy accommodation in hit new Establishment for a Billiard Tiftle, has resolved, though reluctantly, lo pr-t with bis splendid Billiard Table, eo well known to the' Bporticg world, upon very easy terms. For particulars, apply to Mr. T homas Ander- sou. Lamb lan. FRANCIS HOBSON. -'or Bole ex » True-anini, and Paul Pry." rrUVELVE Thousand feel TIMBER Sixty ditlo Shingles T wenly ditto Lethe Thirly-onc bags fine Flour Thirty bales Hay One hundred and thirty pieces Free Stone Sixty bngB Oats Ninety ditto Dran. O. WILLIAMS, Wharf June 22>. /|N Sale by the undersigned, ex Caro- Jine from London : — - GenneBte Seed Wheat Danish Oats and Barley Parlies requiring the same are requested lo apply immediately, there being only a email quantity of each to diipose of. A. ANDREW. For Sale. CIX superior 'Bulls of the Durham brt-fd, most of wbich are two years old. The owner baa no objection to part with them in exchange for others, provided they meet with hn approbation. Apply to J. M. CLOW. Dendenon? Creek, SOih June. 1841. For Bale, 4 FLOCK of about six hundred and twenty prime Maiden Ewee \ they can be seen nine miles from Melbourne. For further particulars apply to Mr H. W. Mason, Culiina- sircet. I FOB BALE At tlie Stores of the Undersigned, |\NE hundred chests, halves, and quar- V-/ ters, Hyron Skin Tea One hundred boxes Black Tea A few cheats Gunpowder Tea And. In nrrivP in frtiirlppn dtTi. \- j w» Fifty tons Siam Su-ar Twenty tons Mauritius Sugar CRAIG & BROADFOOT. July 14, 1841. Port Phillip Steam Navigation Company, A FEW SHARES to be sold by order of the Directors, Application to be made to / A. KEMMIS, Agent. Melbourne, July 10, 1841. Opportunity for Stockholders. H E Undersigned has been honored with instructions to exchanee valuable building and Land in Melbourne, Land a! New Town, and on the Merri Creek, and waterside Allotments at Williamj Town, for Stock, Goods, or Shipping. JOHN H. M'CABE. Temporary Office at Messrs, ) Hind & Co-'e blurts. ( Valuable Allotment. TpHREE Quarters of an Acre of Land fronting on the main Itosd, adjoining the residence of Mr. G. Cavenagli, to be ex changed far Stock. Apply to JOHN H. M'CABE. Temporary Office at Messrs, Hmd iX Co.'b Stores > Mixed Herd. THE Undersigned has on sale, about 66 Head of Cattle, Now running within five miles ot Melbourne, cnnslstiiig of — Milking Cows Heifers now calving 2 and 2-year old bteers. JOHN H.M'CABR rfH E Undersigned requests that alt claims against the firm ol M'Cabe & Co. may be sent to his present offcei at the Biores uf Messrs Hind & Co, for adjustment, and all persons are hereby informed ilut payment of all accounts due to the firm will he pe remptorily enforced, JOHN II. \ICABE. June 28th, 1841. An Estate'for Sale. ONE thousand Acres of invaluable Land within two miles n Geclong. The Undersigned begs eo call the it'cnlion of capitalists and gentlemen About tt engage in rural pursuits, to Hub most deRrable and rising property, which will bednpised of on very advantageous termp. J. BASKERV1LLE. Seed Potatoes. rpHE Undersigned is rendy ta treat I A. with Agricultunats to supply ifceaa wnb very carefully picked and pure Eons of the following approved hinds uf Potatoes grown U» 1118 laTm, Vic. ; — » iu -yca uuu yn uiaut or Brown's Hirer Potatoes. Apply to JAMES TURNBt'LL, MatelBnd, MoonFe Moonee Pande, lime miles and a half from Melbourne. OR Sale by Private Contrac, the following valuable and well bred tnob ur Cattle. .r JSG Cows, ttnee yew. «ld end upwBrda 12 ReiTers 61 Cuws,(Beef) 1 10 liullocke 48 Tliree year old Steers 92 Two ditlo dillo 60 Calves over six montlis £78 head The above Stock ia very highly bred .and willbe sold on roust liberal , say a cs-dh of six, nine, twelve, and fiheeo mouths. Yoii fimthtir fsitiaa'ata, jq'piy to M-. Power, lite- nonsf. Quren aireo1 To b. £, ld rrirately, SIXTY Head of mixed Dairy Hr-d o very aupeiioi quality, ierleci!y quiet a large | Terma liberal. Ajiply to CHARLES WILLIAMSON CO. Collitw-street, Maflwurue, / tSnd June, 164.1. I | N-R,— The above are rorinlng wilhin flrr iroilea if Melbourne. . : f ' Important ta tjreedera of Stoctr, JUST imported, ex Frankfield, from , Liverpool, two splendid Malte a-stalllon Asses, for the purpose of crossing with loree mares, to produce good strong working Mules. The owner of theie valuable animals is willing to let them cover at five guineas a mare ; or should a fair offer be wade, he ib willing to make a sale, or exchange thee. /or land, cattle, or any thing that may meet his approbation. Mules must be well suited for this Colony ; their power of enduring fstigue and hard la bour is well tulified in Spain, Portugal, New Orleani, and all hot aud hilly countries. The Aises are only two years old, stand fourlL:n hands, and, 'when at their full growth, will reach to sixteen. Now on view. Apply to MR. WATSON, Top of Lonsdale-streel. Sutmrban X,and for 8ale. K"IFTY acres of Land on the Merri Creek, within three raileB of Melbourne, bLing portiuo oT section No 111, and nearly adjoining the property of Mr. Kucler. The abd/e wiil be sold in lots to suit pur- chasers; the portions fronting the Sydney Road sad Merri Cretk «t £ 20 per acre, the remainder at £19 per acre. Apply to Mr. Foot, Surveyor, at Mr. W. Ker junior, Col- lint-sUiot. Cattle and Dairy Station for Gate. 'TRIE undersigned offers for sale four runoreo neau 01 v,atiie, one mira 01 which are fine Dairy Cows, all quiet and of an excel lent breed. The run is capable ol grazing one thouiand head, and the following improvements arc upon it : — A good Cottage, containing Six Rooms and detached Kitchen, plastered throughout, thirty-five acres under culrivalion, a well-stockEdGarden, Stock-yards, -Sloue Dairy, Blacksmith's Forge and Tools, Shed for Calves, &c.; It has taken the present Proprietor ncailv four jens to complete the improvements, and the slalion Iras now the appearance of a comforiible Englishf&rm.; The terms are libe ral, and further information may be had on apphcarion to A. M'LACHIlAN To newly arrived Immigrants and others, "TO be Sold by Private Contract, about one thousand Sheep, with a Slalion ca pable o' running four thousand, It ia well watered, pleasantly situated, and within filty- five mies of Port. The improvement! con- c!t rtf (Krcua ooe1l>n! Mlltfi. ahfHlt ihrpp aPrPK under crop, a well stocked Garden, Stock yard, &c.; The Lambs of ibisdtopping will be given ir. Six Itiillocks, Q Dray, and other necei- aaiy iruplemcnta and tS'torca, may be lukea at a VcluatiuQ. Terms — approved bills at three and six months, Apply by letter to A. G-, Gazette Office. To b respectable purchaser a small flock of Sheep would be let on terms if desired, FOR BALL. A RENTAL of .£G50 per annum in Melbourne. £2,000 of the purchare money cay remain for four years ot 12 j per cent. Apply to WILLIAM MEEK. To the newly arrived Immigrant, CATTLE AND RUN. BE SOLD, a mixed herd of three hundred and twenty prime CatiJe, one hundrec and fifty of which arc Cowb. Also, the Cattle Station, on the banks ofa beautiful river where there is .abundance of water all the year round ; distant about one hundred and thirty miles from Melbourne. There is a comfortable Hut, containing five rooms, |StGCyaTd, Haddock, &c; , nnfl twelve acres of wheat are now under cultivation, alao two liule hr stockmen and servants, immediate pOBseebiuri may he had. — Apply to MESSRS. MANTON 8c CO. Steam Mills and Stores, Wharf, Melbourne. One hundred superior Merino Rams for BBtGi THE above are a very superior de scription of Slock, Rnd well worthy the attention of patties desirous of improving their lUmB may be inspected morning and evening on the premises ol MANTON & CO. WharF. 5,OOQ Sheep for Sale. FIVE THOUSAND Superior WoollerL Sheep, warranted clean, for tale, the creater number of which will Iamb in Sep tember. A'ao, Hams of die following superior bieed, viz. Dr. Wilson's, Captain Coghlll's, Dr, Reid'e, Thompson's and Cunningham. For terms which are liberal and olber par- Mca'a-s, apply to MANTON & CO. Prime Ewea. be Sold, one thousand prime Ewes, two to four years old, with Lambs of present dropping- ; the Lambs of the for mer dropping can go along with them, if required. Also, twenty very fine working Bullocks. ARTHUR WILLIS & CO. 6eed Oats. TP HE Subscribers have for sale a quantity of prime Seed OmU. price ?s 9d pr bushel ARTHUR WILLIS k CO. '0 BE SOLD — A very desirable Farm eiluaied on the Dartbin Creek, six milea from Melbourne: containing about j7€ acies- 'of which are now under culti- vation and preparing forciop. From S00 to 10CO rods of substantial fencing are in pro- trro&s; of erection, and there are on the pre mises a good Hut ol three Koums, Kitchen, Servants lloom, two Store?, Stable, Fcwl- house, &o.; and about 20,000 Bricks lor the eorapleiiuD of the buildings The water in the creek ia really good and plentiful. Io short a more desirably homestead or small dairy Farm ib noi to be met wiib. About one fourth of the price may remain on mortgage of the pro perty for upwards of three years, and the term would other-wire be made vetynsy to a respectable party. For particulars anply to \lossr MONTGOMERY & M't'RAB Solictor hill joume July 8. ODDS „©f avery desrription ware- JF tu-uaed on reasuDble terms J. ROACH f Efiir.beth and ) ittlc b hndcrs-utreets War hdTod nn moderate toiEt the ion the i iiJ.irstgncd- <-o' StOu.e-i% Whart. \ A ITIP T» KEMMIS C:>. \ BRIGHTON ESTATE, j The Special Survey or Hi Dendy, Eaql r|HE above property is five ,milei A- from Melbourne in a most healths Bitualion, being on the margin of I-IobtoD'r Hay, possessing a fine fail with a gieaf varipty of pleasing acenery. This Esta'e having been surveyed -and subdivided into Country Sections, Town At loliuents, and 'Suburban Portions, for Marine Villa Residence, is now open for tale by Pri vate Contract, at the counting-house of Hie undersigned, where a Plan of the properly can be aeeo. , WERE BROTHER & CO. For Sale. \ 1 pAUMS of ten lo one hundred, acres, on the Merri Creek adjoining ihXvillagd of Pentridge five miles from Melbournev For particulars apply lo \ \ GEORGE JAMESv Collins-stre Valparaiso SSores, One Superior Colonlr.i Entire Horse, and one superior j Colonial Bred Blare , THE ABOVE STOCK, oonsiBling of — I Forty niDEBupetioi Chili Marea ' j One colooial entire Hon; One colonial bred diauplit Mare, adrertited sometime sioce, have just arrived, and ate now running in a paddcrk on the Merri Creek. The greater number of the MareB are iq foal to the above Horse, and are worthy the attention o( purchasers, the MareB can be teed on application to Mr. Power, at his Rooms, Queen-slrcel, or to Messrs, Duolop M'Nsb & Co, Flinders '-one- 'TRIE undersigned has been authorised bj a gentleman having room on his run for (rom two to four hundred head ol cattle, to treat wilh parties desirous of giving out that number ou terms. JAMES GRAHAM. ; Russell-street, 9th June. ; A Farm to Let on a Clearing Lease, | CONSISTING of about fifty acres 0f excellent soil, not heavily timbered, an excellent back run and right of road tn water on the Darebio Creek. A five or seven yeara lease will be given, requiring certain yearly impro.ements only. Arrangements can also be made for an herd of very supe- rior Dairy Cows, at a noderate rent. Apply to Mr. A. Arden, Hinley. Dale, Darcbin Creek. June S, 1841. To Let witb immediate PoaBeBBtoni fTHOSE Premises in Queeu-Gtreet, lately occupied by Hr. F. Fittmau, comprising a commodious Office and Store, with a Shed at the back, anda Stable. Apply to Mr. Baskerville, Ageot, Little Flinders- street. To Market Gardener, and other.. TO LET, for three or mora yeRra, a GARDEN ot one ocrc ando hair, Xiluale aboul a mile from West, Meiboirne, and ad joining the township of East Meltourue. The proprietor would have no objection to build a entail cottage on lire ground, il reqtired. ALSO. TO LET ron THtlRB TEARS, Two acres m Suburban 30. Apply at. the Gazette Office. To Let, With immediate possession, THAT Messuage or Tenement and I'remists situate in Flinders-lane, lately in the occupaliuu ol Mr. J. W. Slraw. Fur lerrns apply to Messrs. CARRIHCTON & CLAY, Suhcitois, Cuhins-lane -i 1 — To Let. A COTTAGE conlatniog six Rooms Rnd Kitchen, CDbimandiriB a view of HobBon's Bay and till Flag Slaff. For particulara apply lo I A. SUTHERLAND, \ Elizabth slreet. Julv 7, 1841. i To be Let on Bull dine lease., for seven nw s»n vegrn an mav fcp aprflCft Oil. fTHE following Allotments in Mel- bourne and Newlown : — No. 9, of section No. 1, corner of King.street and Flinders-lane, near the ll'harf, and adjoin ing Mr. Manlon'a Steam Mill# ; admirably situated for Timber Yards No. S. ol section 31, in lonsdale and Lilt 1/ Lonsdale-elreets, on the Western Hill, com! mauding a view of the Biy. and being vefy dtlighllully situated for priv te residences. / No. 8, ot section 22, lomer of Boiuke and Russell-streets, oppotir the stores ajf the undeiiignc 1. well adapted fir any purpose. Also one acre ro Suburlpn Allotment Not 49, adjoining the residence of James Watson, E6q. For terms and partiulars apply to JAMES GRAHAM, Russell-etreet. To be Let or Sold — Tpwu Bouae and Allotmmt- X w House iatelv occupied by hia Honor the Judge, adjoining the mansion of George Porter, E«q, containing bail and Rntir-iqQmin front, aud two bed rooas» a convenient '¦¦de tached kitchen with stabng, 8ic., the property 16 delighfutly situated on the btosv of the Hill, IIIQ CDIU'IldHU a IliBUItLCUl t tvn "«>Atfw is ready for the immediale reception of a gen teel fami'y. Further paitfculars, terms, &c;„ on applicatiou to MR. S.M'DONNELL. Auclion Company1! Rooms, ) 18th July. .( Notice to Market Gardfaera aad rar" aerytuen.l IhEVERAL wel|.shelterfd- Epotp<,r rate soil, abundautly aupplred w®ter on the estate af Moreland trfc on seven years. Also a -ina¥ Farnp. - J iteae lands are free from Tber !or on?> nd. ready for the plouf1 or apale. Apply to JAMES T8URNBULL, Moreland. Jfoonee Moonee Bonds, three inilea anda half from Mdbouine. ' To be Lpaft, . w A FARi 1 runtAi! Ing :» hundred anoj forty-t ro acres, on thi DRrhin Gja a little mor than . three ljjes frbfc SWP'1 well adapted fro daily nl wfl r« agllCUlWtl: Stranllon doe , Jutte 8, 184 i>t> LE'l jr the beginn'rft' of jAugdrtli two -Sbppiaoo Brick foEtnetii rltutjM in Elt! jbuih-ateerti nowficcupiii !;/ Mr1 t'sdnv oie. Cfethit'i, and Mesft,. Hryl « Jt U, lV'lorr- fc'itenJre el _j V i , M«vr:'' ito KT'ANTED, Five Hundred-T'dttk , on fust rale aecurjly.for which abberSt I intereit wili be given, ; Apply to; rt ; WILLI AMUffEEK; Solicitor, Melbourne. trWO Thohsand to Three jfitoiisiiid Y f'ounus to lead in one or a ore aums. for aNcrm not let" than three yean, on. land or House Propatty. Apply -to ,, \ MR POWJEn. , \ Furtiliihcd LoOcingv . A dSEATLY Furnished Room fo Let 'f- 'jnQaeen-alfeet, with .or without board, in a most healthful aiiuatidn. Application at the Gazette Office. - , Work 'on Axiattralla Teii fTHREE or four Copies of " A Rsti's ;A Latest Information vbilh fg&rc1; te Atta- itralia Felix,.' &c.; remaining unroio. parti ' - desirous ol forwuding the vame lp 3Sugl.no. Wr Adelaide, 'are reqnestyHo jhifliie eirlj «p- Atcation at the Gazelle Office, Collioa steeet. \ .... 4r. 'Beevna \ weekly Shipping atntl Trade JL,irt. JkJBSCRIBERS to. thfi above, (Jejrona i of senuing home Inlormatioo to their corihpondenta'hy the Adelaide, to sail in abou a tortnight, may be supplied jrith oxlra copia Irom the tterrinnlnR at sixpoboe each. non-rbacribers'wiU be thatjged on» «btlliiig, Mekourne Jllne 25,1841. . . \ For Sale or Hire, 1 H£ celebrated Herefordshire Ball 'jLptua,-' whose euperior , lock cart , now be shown; he ii parted with kolely bty cauie /bii owner- expecu duly a dhangfc. of. blood from England. ' / Alio, Th : celebrated grey Mare " Ar»Ma,'-'ilb a (lot seven jnonlbs old by ber'eide, efi'd tu. foals ain in October. She ia one of the beat fence! in the colony, and her ppwera of endu ince almbat matchless, calcnlated to - carry about ten atone. Apply 'to Mi. G. Aide . , . . / TO BB LET Oft BOLD, ' A rTHOLE half-aqjre situate iu Col- jlicB-atreel, with li" Houie, capacious biicklnd atooe iStore, detacited brick K-Ucboo . -knl I an I lbrna.D>all KlnEla TVlifllwill be lifiral, and early pcrepsBioD may be had. Application to Lu made to G. W. Cole, Esq, Collinl-stteet. 1 I To Sakera, Grocer, and Other.- LET, those eligibly aituated pre- \miiesio Eli-'ibcth.slreet, lately in Ibe occuputon pf Mr.Fiirsol. Also, ihe jadjoin- ing tirhp and Freotisea For ternu, 4c. ap ply to \ !- \ . f- W. WELSH & CO. , July .011841- i , To be Let, npwt convenu.:.! Offices, in a A&Ufc;!. . uadon.. Apply to JOHN BULL EN St CO. Elizt leth- Gtreel, June 5. TtO 8E LET, the above,. pouuining elWant add spacious parloufs eOimnaOi- eating at folding doors, three con\roo4iou6 bed-rooiE, kitchrn, 8rc. Teruts moderate. For parltulars apply to WATSON St WIGHT. Melbotiie, July 16, 1841. To small Farmers, Gardeners, and the industrious of all classes. To be Let for a Term of Years, SEVERAL FARMS of five, ten, and fifteen acres, situated at the Village of Penridge, about five miles from Town, naturally clear from stone and limber, and fit for the plough or spade without any expense. Apply at the Gazette Office. /, Tc Let tccBra'tr A/NEAT fo.t r room Verandah Brick- rj Co\taee at Near Town, tin Ihe Dremiaes italf aV qua'ter of an acts of land dug .up. aid partiuiy laid out for a gwden, aurrounded /y an excdlent close fence. I There is. likewue a strong well planted stockyard with bails, calf pent, Ac, complete. Apply to \ \ C. VADGHAN, y At-Afr. Purves, Coll Melbourne, ls\ Juae 3&41, — \\. , . IENDERSt required for ertfctint,' Roman Glrboiic Chapel ir. Melbourne, according to platk which ate open fo. ins pec- lion at Ihe Rev. F.ylV. Geoghtv art. - -id 1 tcE reodets to.be tenyiu ou or bclore te aOt'u July. 1841./ \ ( TenAexBcgulr -it 1 - nTENDERS will \»e rcceive.l at dbij- Office until the 3lVvtti«iani. (run poite tit willing lo contract for griving pile j, .,,, the Queen' Wharf, Melbourne, ad) .fitn ; \ j a plau wbich-oiay bepeetiat tbc aboaeQk ef and all necessary iniornullOa obtain j % All Tendceto he etfdoiWi ' T-i-. t:e':| I , the QueenVWharf,j;Mdfci)u\ne," , ' By order of flit Hbnor-llieSpparir L' A.i pt, , . 1 : JAMBS R P fyfkz Clgrfr of Work. Office, ; i t Afelbonrne, Jriytt, 1841. ' ' \ ' Bxparte S i lyttjft 1 HIS JiayMgre'«r«d fUUlisui I ih»a>-tUErwtgned |ts 1 fpitojarly, (U"an for -of (hp £upprtKurr,S|<'.j||e)e'rwJn requests those to his die will f td|jl ybttffjiilfnrjK tsry. slept may br'tiir«i|pf y I raywraPff 13th. July, laM - a f £ . r- - — -yV .r -V w jml wbetirar will >>e haudw4M|HBmttnHBjj| I ir.dhifldpig-" 3hr jfiWwwiiwSwwraBI : cm iben-nt£fi ' Itot! Virtau. fg. '' 