PARRAMATTA. Police Intelligence, October. 9.— Before Sydney Cotton, Esq., P.M. Dr. Foster, R. G. Moffat, Esq., Colonel Wall, and John Blackland, Esq. Duncan Stewart and Thomas Smith, for the robbery of the boots from the shop of Mr. Horton, were this day again placed at the bar, but the evidence from Sydney not having been obtained, they were further remanded until Tuesday next. The Queen v. Campbell. — The defendant who resides at the Seven Mile Hollow, on the Liverpool Road, appeared to answer an information filed against him by the Chief Constable for selliug spirits without being legally authorised so to do. — It appeared from the evidence, that the defendant had deposited the necessary fee for his license at the lime when the offence was committed, but had not taken otit that document ; and the bench although they convicted him in the penalty of £30, intimated that they would have no objection to sanction a me morial from the defendant to his Excellency the Governor for its reduction, conceiving that the former had been led to commit a breach of the Act rather through a misconception than otherwise. This case occupied the attention of the Court from eleven until near three, and appeared to excite the greatest interest from the well- known respectability of the defendant. A person whose name we could not hear, was summoned for riding on the shaft of his dray. The defendant pleaded, Not Guilty; contending that a Water Cart could not be a Dray , and the bench after consulting the Act, coincided with the defendant, and who accordingly dis charged, with an admonition. Miscellanea. — We are informed the band of the 96th Regt. have challenged to play that of the 80th ; but the 80th out of mercy, considering the 96th have only lately arrived, and consequently cannot be expected to be in the be&i; tune have de clined the challenge. We have also heard that the 80th some time back, challenged the 50th Regt., who accepted the challenge, bii.t afterwards re tracted. No doubt the 50th can assign a good reason for so doing. " — Tipsical Statistics.— The number of Bacchanalians who appeared before the Police Bench yesterday to answer for their exhumerance of spirits on the two previous days, was twenty-five, of whom twenty were dealt with on the free side, and the remain ing five on the bond side of the Court. New Operation for the Cuke of Squinting. — This operation has been very cleverly performed lately by Mr. Surgeon Nathan, on the eye of a little girl named Lucy White, residing in Huntcr-sireet, who was troubled with obliquity of vision. The eye operated upon, has resumed its natural position, and presents but a slightly bloodshot appearance, which we are in formed will go off in a short time. Care fully performed, it is not attended with the slightest danger, and the patient herself, says the pain during the division of the muscle, was comparatively slight, — so successful a case, will, no doubt, induce man7 persons suffering from a similar cause, to avail themselves of Mr. Nathan's skill. — Communicated . News and Rumours of the Day.— Tho concluding prayer meetings to which, we have previously referred, took place on Thursday last, at the Bathurst-street Chapel, and yesterday evening at Dr. Ross' Chapel in Pitt- street, both of which were very numerously and respectably attended. — The Old Gaol lias been sold by the Government for £300, and the purchaser commenced removing it on Saturday last. — Accounts from Scone state that there is a great want of rain in that district, and business of all kind is very dull, the country in that vici nity has also suffered greatly of late from the extensive depredations of bushrangers. Court of Claims,— The Commissioners of this Court will sit on Thursday next, and on several "consecutive days, dt eleven o'clock, for the despatch of business, wben the fol lowing claims will be investigated : — 1038, J.Young, of Parramatta; 1039, J. Wal ton, of Parramatta, yeoman, by bis solicitor, W. Fitzhardinae. Esa. : 1040. T. ChaD- man, of Sydney, merchant, and W, Free man; 1041, A. Bell, of Belmont, repre sentatives of ; 1042, A. Riley, of England, agents of; 1043, W. Bell, of Parramatta Road; 1044, R. Bateman, of Bedlam Point; 1045, S. Bowler, of Holdsworth, settler; 1046, Messrs. Coopev and Levy, agents or representatives of; 1047, Messrs. R. Jones and S. A. Donaldson, executors of the late E. Riley ; 1048, J. Single, of the Nepean River. Admission of Attorneys.— The fol lowing, order has been . promulgated at the Supreme Court under the signatures of their Honors the Judges. <sIu the Supreme Court of in ew South Wales. Monday, the fourth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty- ono. It is hereby ordered that William Montague Manning, Esq., with George Kenyon Holden, and Randolph John Want, gentlemen, and Henry Burton Bradley, Esquire, he being the officer performing the duty of Master (within the intent of the rule of this Court in that behalf,) be and they are hereby appointed examiners as to the fitness of persons inteuding to apply for admission as attornevs during the remain- der of the present year, aud until other ex aminers shall be appointed in their stead, as by the rules of this Court provided. Annoyances. — During the proceedings of the Supreme Court yesterday, His Ho nor the Chief Justice remarked that he suffered great annoyance from the noise arising from carriages and other vehicles passing and repassing during the continu ance of the trials, and the shuffling of feet from the spectators with whom tho Court . was generally crowded, and in consequence of this evil he had several times applied to have a bar placed across the street, and a quantity of straw strewed on the floor of the Court-house, but his request had never been attended to. His Honor did not state to whom this application had been made, nor that he had any intention of doing so again, but we would suggest the propriety ol some measures of this description being adopted, as we know from experience that the species of annoyance complained of by His Honor is really of great extent, inasmuch as the noise is often so loud as to prevent the evi dence of the witnesses, or the remarks of the Judge being heard. Foreign Funds.— As we understand that some of our readers are interested iu the Fo reign Funds, we give the following report froin the Times of the 4th of June:— London Stock Exchange, Thutsday, June 3. (From the official list, containing the business actually transacted ) Foreign Funds— Colombian, Acct , June 15, 2l£; Ditto, Venezuela, 29; Ditto, Deferred, 8; Mexican, Acct., June. 15, 28; Portuguese 5 per Cents, AccC, June 15, 2U; Spanish, Acct., June 15, 23|; Dutch 2j per Cents, Acct., June 15,52$; Dutch 5 per Cents, 99$; Ditto, 5 per Cents, New Loan, 97$. Current quotations at the close of the Market— Consols, Money, 90 ; Consols, for accoiiut,90$; Exchequer Bills, 7s. 9s. pm.; Bank Stock, 168$ 9$; India Stock, 251 253; Belgian 100 I ; Brazilian, 67 68 ; Danish, 77 78; Dutch 2$ per Cents, 52$ Dutch, 5 per Cents, 99 100; Spanish, 23$ f ; Portuguese 5 per C ents, 33$ $ ; Portuguese 3 per Cents,; 21$ $; Colombian, 21$ $ ; Mexican, 27$ 8$. Th k Rev. M r. Copper.— Ah adjourned meeting of tho friends of this gentlemen took place on Friday evening last, when Mr. Jus tice Burton officiated as Chairman and se veral resolutions were passed to the effect that the subscription for a testimonial to the above Reverend gentlemen should be kept open until the morning of his departure for England ; that an address should also be prepared for presentation ,to him a short time previous to his departure ; and that if permitted by the Bishop, Mr. Cowper's friends and parishioners should meet in St. Phillip's Church, on the morning ol his de parture, and accompany him to the place of embarkation. It was announced at the meeting that the sum of £601 had been collected up to that period. Perjury. — The Chairman of the Quar ter Sessions remarked a day or two ago, that more perjury was committed in the as sault cases tried before that Court, than in any class of cases he knew of. This infor mation, coming as it does from so authentic a quarter must be regarded as correct, and what a lamentable state of things does it not disclose; we know of no evil that pro duces ulterior effects more serious than the crime of oerinrv. for bv that crime ail the rules and precautions of justice are rendered totally ineffectual, the innocent are punished, the really guilty escape, and the intent of the law is totally subverted. No means ought therefore to be left untried in order to put a stop to a practice at once so infamous to those by whom it is made use of, and so dangerous to the safety qnd well bemgofthe public, and although we are fully convinced that it is the wish of the authorities to do all in their power for the attainment of so desirable an end. We think that they have been heretofore too lenient in dealing with these kind of offences. Great evils require strong and effectual remedies, and we be lieve that a few severe examples of persons against whom the crime had been proved, would operate more towards suppressing it than all the sage advice and moral prccepts- that have ever been given or written upon the subject. Witnesses. — A great wasteof time often taks place in the Court of Quarter Sessions, by the rambling and circumlocutiary man ner in which the evidence of many of the witnesses is taken as well as the the long- winded cross-examinations of them by the prisoners which are never interfered with as in most other Courts. We merely make this remark as a hint to the Chairman, who as a member of the legal profession must be aware that perspicuity- and despatch are, next to impartiality, the best requisites for the managing of a Judicial enquiry. Marine Court. — An information against M. Joubert, of the firm of Joubert and Murphy, for resisting the Revenue officers in the execution of their duty, was adjudi cated at the Marine Police Court yester day, when it appeared from the evidence that the Collector of Customs had gone to the stores of the defendant, accompanied by Mr. Jeffries, for the purpose of bring-, ing away some liquor that had previously been seized by the officers of his depart ment, when the defendant refused to'pve it up unless a storage rent was first paid, and upon Mr. Jeffries subsequently offering to do so, he still continued to refuse, and locked the gates of the store, which were afterwards broken open by Colonel _Gibbes. The defendant was sentenced to pay a penalty of £100 and £5 costs, being the prescribed amount for offences of this de scription, but was recommended to make application to His Excellency the Go- vernor for a mitigation of the fine. Van Dieman's Land.-— We have re ceived Van Dieman's Land Journals up to the 30th ultimo inclusive, but from want of space are precluded from giving any ex tracts in our present number. In the Launceston Courier of September 20, it was announced officially that the Bounty System of Immigration would cease as soon as the existing engagements had been completed, and that for the future all immigrants would be sent out by the Commissioners. The Legislative Council had been directed by his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor to form themselves into a Committee in order to report upon several important points of this subject for the guidance of the Commissioners. Sydney Con victs.— His Excellency the Governor has directed it to be notified, that all informations or complaints against convicts in Sydney, whether in Govern ment service, assigned service, or holding tickets-of-leave, will after the 15th of the present month of October, be heard and disposed of at the Convict Court at Hyde Park Barracks, instead of the Police Office in Sydney. The Lcipsic Gazette announces the deatli of Galvini, the musical professor, at the age of 104. He was a son of the celebrated singer Galvini, who died at Rome in 1825, having reached the patri archal age ol 138. He was attached to the Chapel of Pope Benedict XIV., and lived nearly through the whole era of the modern art ot music. He had sung the productions of Carissiini and Paer ; had listened to Corelli, and Paganini, Farinelli, and Rubini ; and applauded at the operas of Rossini, as he had done at those of Handel. Editorial Troubles. —The editor of the New York Commercial Advertiser makes the following apology for the uoii- nnnpflrnnfp. of its usual commercial remarks and market intelligence -"During the week many of us were detained from duty by severe indisposition. One who attended to the advertising department was detained at home by this cause ; the person who at tends to the marine department was kept away by having three of his family down with the scarlet lever, one of whom died. On Saturday morning; one of us who at tends to the stocks and money matters was confined to his bed during the day. The one who takes care of the office as usual, at nine o'clock, was called away to take leave of his father, who was supposed to be dying Another, who left his family, as he supposed well, early in the morniiig, was notified at nine o'oclock that since he had left home his infant child had died. Iu addition to this, lour compositors were absent on account ol illness. 