JOB PRINTING Qltftrj description, Inclnfltne Law Forms, fltfds, Circulars, BUI Heads, Posting and Auctioneers' Bills, iCCuH»«lT AKD «P"I,',0,,1Y »»0Tsi>. XT TBS OA BIB'S? WIS ubnebal printing orricb, Collfni'Strrrt, low a rate a. anyCfficeln Melbourne, whether It be a remunerating price, or FOR AOTIIING. u> ror Port Albert, Comer Inlet, THE well-know;! regular Jk5i trader cuKar Edward Mickleburgh, misler, aSww1 will Mil for the above in eight ii)T, For freight or passage apply to the captain THOMAS, ENOCOE, & JAMES W 1 For Bobvt Town and Port Hononktio, New Zealand, ahcrald freight offer, I1 HE BARQUE JJi BRILLIANT, Jggr S3B Ions rpgisler, David Wh|3u4 Ritchie, Esq. commander, will be despatched in fou r- teeu days. For freight or passage apply 10 DUNLOP, M'NAB & CO., Lillle Flindera-slreet. ror Bydney, to foUow the " George Fyfe." its rjPHE fine first cIbbb Ship AB?lV ' WESTMINSTER, ' ZjAtBtlir F. Michie, Commander. "WKSnMBl Having very superior tc commondalion, fur freight or pannee apply to, ' THOMAS, ENSCOE, & JAMES. Wharf Melhourne, 301h July. For Bydney, XHE splendid first-class WILLIAM ABRAMS, AxftyVjpiffr JamesHemlin, commander. will be despatched 15th The cabins of Ihii vessel being tiled up in a au perior style, passengers could not find a mure eligible cuuveyance. Fur freight or passage ai'ply to HUNTER, SOMERVATL & CO., Hourfce- alreet. July 58, 1841. For Sydney, To tail on the 8th Auputl. 2\. THE fine first-clfflB Ship jql - george gyfife. 53Sj£ Pike, Comm antler, having verr superior accommodations. wBIWsw Apply to the undersigned for freight or pi>sage. THOMAS, ENSCOE Is JAMES, Wharf. For Sydney, iK rpHE A 1 clipper yatch- built schouner LADY OF ST< K,LDA" register 150 tons. Lieut. J. R. Laurence, Commander, now lying at Ilia Queen's TFhirf, and bat room for some light goodBnnd a le» passengers. For freight or paasage, ipply at the Counting House, of WERE BROTHERS & CO. For Madru direct. The a.i. ship ROYAL SAXON, 750 Inm. F. W. Lodge, "SgSkffmfA commander. Haa superior accommodalion for pas- — sengera, wilt sail in aiioui ren daya, and carries an experienced mrgeon Ipply to ibe captain on board, or at the curbing -house of WERE BROTHERS 8c CO. 32nd July. 1841. For London i HTMIE first class remnrk- dK9 ably fait sailing brig /fliffflfo- ADELAIDE, 220 tons, S Dryden, Com- MnMn mBnder. This veoe! Iiaving her aead weight on board, ind most of her wool engaged, will meet with piiek despatch. For height or passage (her iccommodaljoai being very superior) apply io JAMES CAIN. WERE BROTHERS k CO., or STRACHAN 8c CO. For Freight or Charter, HE A 1 BRIG THETIS, wKtfflMnA 200 torn register, will be Rjn|gj9L discharged In tight days. CKAIG 8c BROADFOOT. Agents. ,uly io, i9ii, For Freight or Charter. qnU S A 1 teak.built SHIP JBfiSi - CAROLINE, gKES/ 450lons, John Willisms. com- mander, II open for freight or charlrr, pn the deljvery of htr nrwent cargo from London, Apply tn the Captain on board, oi at the Counting Houae of WERE BROTHERS 8c CO. ffo Oonatgiaae par Wllllaxn Abrazna. 'THE Ship William A brains, Captsin \- Hamlin, from Greenock, being entered ,n 'be Cuitomr, parties lisving goods by fier re requested to enter the same immediately, bo P'event demurrage. HUNTF.R, SOMERVAIL, &CQ;„ Agents. Ju1T2«, 1841. . NoC« to Consignee per Brilliant LL persona holding Billa of Lading1 _ requested 4o -par! their entriea ( in- e ieiely,|0 pmvent deruinage j alsntotske not.cr , ihst after the goods leave the ship they are at the cnminneei risk. DUNLOP, M'NAB 8c CO., Melbourne. Agents. My '8'h, IS4, SELLING OFPMl At the Victoria House. M. CASHWORE & CO- BEG toi nform the inhabitants of Mel. bourne, and the surrounding districts, that in consequence of the advanced state of the season, they have commenced selling oil the remaining portion ol ihetr extensive winter slock, at prices that defy competition, con anting of — Nir, Worsted, and swansdon Boas and Ruffs English Merinos, from 2s 9d French ditto, Bs 6d Rich colored and half mourning 'Mouslio Dc Lhiisi. from 10s to SOs Rich Shawls, GoLliti and Chilla ditto, from 10s Od Iiislt and French Poplina, is per yard Black and colored Gross de Naples, 3s 3d and upwards Rich figured ditto, from 3s 6d and upwards Rich figured and plain j I k and Satin Vesiings benllemecs suprrfinc Frock and dress Coats Ditto ditto Kersymere Trousers Extra super ditto ditto (or riding Superior Pilot Ceals, from B5s to CPs Five huodred Vests ol all descriptions, from 5s Gentlemen's Wellington, Clarence, and B'uchei Hoot', from the well- koown house of Horuan and Hearne Lsdies' and Children's Spanirh Leather Bronze bitl, &c.; FROM THE SAME NOTED HOUSE, Welsh and Lancashire Flannels Sheetingr, Shirtings, Towellings, &r.; Ticks, Checks, Hollands Counterpanes. &c.; BIsnkele, Hugs, Quills. &c.; Print. Diapers, Rucksbacks. &c.; Checks, Regalia and ruperftne long cloth Shirts White, Scarlet and stripped ditto Moletkiu, Gambroon, tuid buckskin Trousers SCO pair strap ditto, ditto Ribbons, Laces, Nells, Blonds, Nc, Rich India, China, and Spiulticlds Silk Hand kerchiefs A large variety of very cheap Shawls, con sisting of long, scarf, black, and colors, from 106 fid to 70s ticli velvet ditto, from 15s to 7 guineas, Nortvich and Paisley ditto, bordered and felled, remarkably cheap Btoad and narrow brim black, and drab Hats, from 12s fid and upwards, COLONIAL PUBLICATION. Bcmarka on the Insolvent Law. JN Ihe Press, and will shortly be pub- lishi-d, 11 Ten Months' reiidence in liobart Tovrri," liy a mercantile man, containing a eucnnct flGCuunl ol ilie working of the Insol vent Law, and an elaborate history of a feu of the characlera who have figured upon ihe insolvent stage — earning duplicity, and lamili cal humbug of ceriain worthies, wiih their examination before His Honor Mr. Cominis - liotier SorelI --4inpn'rdonuble supineneBB of the Ho bari Town meichanls — culpable nTglect of assignees to InsolveRt Eslales — general view of the working of l<(SoIvent Law in Vao -pre- men's Land, and ila probable effect prosperity of tliat'lslend, 4 ' The view of the author la ilol fo make mOney, hut to correct abuses , the puulicAiion will, therefore, be imued at a price whicUsX-ill , uietef v enver expenses, and winch will he left to the publisher. The work will make its appearance in Sydney, and will be sold by all the Uouktel era I here and tn Hobart Town, and fori i'iulbp- P.S. — Further information will be conveyed in a future advertisement. GL&ai; and China Warehouse, Co/fins street, near Elizabeth street. ON Sale as above — A large a6Sorlnient of Earthenware A gieat variely of China, Tea, and Coffee Services Elegant cut Decanters. fYines, Champagnes, Water-bottU s, 'I'umblers, Cream?, "Sugars. I'ea bottles, i>alti, Custaida, Jellies, Fickies, Liqueurs in plated frames, ditto and Cruets in lacquered diito Assorted plain GUbb Plated tabic and chamber Candlesticks, Snuf fers and TrayB I Tea trays and Waiters Tame suiter y Hall and passage Limps, figured and plain, La up Globes and Chimneys A few handsome economical table Lamps, winch produce a most brilliint light from bUck oil, without smoke or offensive smell Shipping supplied, and country orders punc tually attended Jo. N. li. — Liberal discount por Cafh. HUNTER, SOMERVAIL & CO. BEG to inlirnHle ihat ibey have re moved to t heir new Stores in Great Bourke-ntreet, where they will have constantly on hand setilcrs' supplies of all kind, a large assortment of Provisions. Groceries. Ironmon gery, Memel Deals, Wines, Loodon Porter, and Ale, in wood aod bottle, wiiji a well se lected stock of dry goods, and other articles suitable for t he colony, and from II. S. & CoY arrangements in Biitain, the trade may depend on getting their goods frewb and ot superior quality. In (heir present stock are the following, which 'hey offer for sale— Supeifine American Flour Bsrrels Puik and tierces Beef O&rrelB; Peasemeal And OalmeBl Firkini Cork Butter Baneka and Kegs Pease and Barley Starch, Scotch Soap, Bath Bricks London "Porter and Ale, in wood and bottle Wines, port. Sherry, Madeira, Marsala, Champagne and Claret, in wood and buttle fiats superfine Beaver and boyB' Cloth CBpa He fined Sugar, Candy Sugar, Treacle Carbonate Soda, patent table Salt Muscatel lUi&iDi;, Cheese, double distilled Vinegar Coffee, Hauis, Yarmouth Bloaters Lochbne Herrings Paints and Oils, Earthenware Memel Deals, 1 1 "by 3, andlj, iu 2, 3, and A cuts Carl wheels ond Bushes . Canvasfl, Nos. 1 to 6, Wool Packs 3 bushel gain SaolA Cerptting, Linens, ticking, and Diaper Table Covers. N;B, — Stores adjoining the new PoatOflce. Grocery Store. Cbrnar qf Little Collin end Hlixdð-etreett, Undemigned having succeeded to the imiinets carried on in the above pre miaeB, for the last twelvemonths, by Geo'ge Lavell atid'Co., heps Jo inform the Public, that he hat , .added ennfiderably to (he usual iock ot Groceries on hand, anJ in riles (lie attention of (he economic housekeeper, to his fLoderate price for good articles. 8\. F. MOSSUAN. N.B — All outstanding delve due to the faie firm are requested 'o be settled without delay Melbourne, July 16, 1841 MELBOURNE royal exchange. HE Exchange Rooms will be thrown open on Monday, 2nd of AuguPl, at which time the Subscription List will be ready for the nimea of SutiBciiberp, who feel mle rested in the advancement of this important Establishment. Gentlemen wishing- a whole Box Io be ap propriaied as a Private Office, wilhout inter ruption from other subbcribers, arerequeSied to make early application, thai disappointment mBv not enBue. The amount of each subscription will be one guinea per quarter. Those gentlemen re quiring a private Box , four guineas exlra.— The subscription will he for twelve raon'ha, payable quarterly, one quarter in advance — Independent of the Exchange, which will be fi'teri up in fire'-rate order, there are suits of private and public RooinB, for the accommo dation of subscribers to transact private or special businet>Bi and may be occupied with attendance, without exiracharge, during buGi-' oesB hours, viz « frnm ten until three o'clock. At the Royal Exchange Roorcs will he al ways found Newspapers from all quarters of the globe — Army nnd Navy Lists — "olonial and British Shipping Intelligence — with ar. rivnls and ilpnar hirpq in anrt fr-.m 1K10 Pmi Passengers, Cargo, &c; , which will be duly eniered in s Book of Reference— also a Li brary of useful, ancient nnd modern Works, with Periodicals and Price Currents, Couotry Gentlemen, Settlers, and Town Subscribed are particularly called on for (heir support to this Institution, as I hey will be amply repaid in their interests and vie.B being facilitated without personal attendance— either in ihe sale or purchase of Cattle, Sheep, HorseB, Wool. &c.;» Ihe letting of Houses and Lands, or Ihe hiring o! Servants — as the same can be Dlacarded in the Exchange, and entered in b Book of Reference kept for that purp ise. Letters, Newspapeis, and small Patcels will lie alao received aod forwarded to and from the Post Office, and elsewhere, with the greatest punctuality. 'Iti i 8 Establishment combines with the above, advantages snd information of conti- derable importance to Ibe distant Settler, the Merchant, Ship. owner, Captains, aud the Community at large A CARD. MR. W. H. BAYLIE, Member of the Royal College of Surgeons, Lon don, and Accoucheur, having dissolved his connection wiih the Medical Hall, begs to inform hia friends and the public that he resumes the practice of his profession in its various drenches. Residence, Litllo Bourke- streel, €Bst. Melbourne, 19'h July, 1811. New Tailoring Establishment, Elizabeth fereet, Two Doqts from the Melbourne Tafyrn. W. TURNER V> BEGS to inform the inhbb'ilBnrebf Mel bourne and lis vicinity, that he has com menced business in .the above line in'all its branches. . VV.T. humbly that public patronage so liberal I v neBiowed while managing the business for HaveB & Co. IV, T. pledges himself thai, from Ins experience in cutting fur some of the first-rate London houses, gentlemen may rely upon having their orders executed in a superior Blyle of cut combined with neat workmanship, and mate rials of the l>est quality. His stock consists of superfine West ot England broad .cloths of every Shade ana Colour ; tor Trousers. Buck skins, Doeskins, Tweeds, double and linple milled Kerseymeres, Plaid?, &c; ; Silks, Satins Shawls, Toilinets, Valeiitia and Quihmgi for Ve6ta. His prices will be found very moderate, as his lermB will be cash. Gentlemen's Bush clothing neaily got up. Children's Dresses and Ladies' Hiding Habitsgot up in ? superior style. Liveries neatly executed: An Apprentice Wanted, Melbuurnr, July 10, 1841. W. WITTON, X - r.. ... ff. am as IU r/l I i ri I rJ JK/filflUrl'C'i, ij c , Jk' ecl, Melbourne '"lENDERS his best thanks for the \- patronage of bis numerous friendsi nnd respectfully mvit-e their attention, and that of the public generally, to his very superior, well assorted, and extensive stock of gooda in every department of (he above liue, which lie is enabled to offer at considerably Reduced Prices. N ,B, — A few excel lent Carls, Ploughs, and Harrows of Van Diemen's Land manufacture on sale very cheap, MR, J. B. QUARRY bega leave to inform his Fnendi and tlie Huhlic that,, he has t > i b day opened bii Office, (third dour from the Post Office.) July 23. 1341. Immigrants per Westminster THE ship Westminster having arrived yesterday afternoon with a healthy and most useful body of Immigrants from the rural districts of England and North of Ireland, under the superintendence of Dr. Dickson will be ex amined this day, (Friday, 30th.) by the Mem bers of the Immigration Committee, and open for engagement on Saturday next. Applica tion to be made to the surgeon on board. THOMAS, ENSCOE, & JAMES. Wharf, Xx Westminster. NOW landing, and on Bale by the un dersigned, a splendid Durimui Bull, further particulars, THOMAS, ENSCOE, & JAMES, Wharf ' Corrocive Sublimate, 8al-AmmoDlac,Butjr of Antimony and Blue Stone, ffHE largeBt and cheapest supply of \- corrosive sublimate. Sat- Ammoniac, Butyr of Antimony, and Biue Stone, m town to be h&d; at, R. WILSON & CO S. Corner of Qaeen and Collins-streets. Melbourne, July 15. For Bole ex " Trutanial, and panlPry.11 r|HYELVE Thousand feel TIMBER Sixty ditto Muuglro Twen'y ditto Laths Thirty- one bagi fiue Flour Thirty baits Hay One hundied and thirty piccea Free Stone Sixty hags Oau Ninety ditto Biaa. 0\. WILLIAMS, Wharf. June 52, Landing, ex Benarea, QNE cask SHEFFIELD CUTLERY One CBse Fenders One cask Teakettles, Saucepans &c.;, &c;,, Twenty nine Burr Atones, one Mill Stone Nineteen Iron FJouglis with apparatus com plete Two casks Iron Boilers, with Furnace dooi and Gratings Three pairs Cart Wheels and AxleH Five cpBks Preserved Meals (Moir and Son, Aberdeen) W. WESTGARTIK Opposite the Club House, Melbourne ! I th June 1841. For Sale, ONE Hundred and fifty kegs of Colo nial Tobacco. J. ROACH. EGed Wheat. |VJ OW on sale, at the stores of the undersigned, from one thousand to two thousand bushels Seed Wheat, grown at C&rl;»- rube, Mount Macedon. Alan, a small quantity of Knight's Imperial Seed Peas, and' a few bushels of Burley, end Dwarf Seed Peas, CRAIG. & BROADFOOT. PRESH PANDORE OYSTERS, pre served tiy Gillon & Co, of Leith, on Bale at the Auction Rooms of the underaigned. J. C. KING. On Sale, at the Stores of the Undersigned. BASS' STRONG AND PALE ALE Porter in draught and buttle Superior Wines . Liverpool Suit Flour Jams Water Filters, ficured'snd plain O.itp, Bran , and Maize, Turnips, and Grass Seeds J. baskeryille L'Ule Flinders. 6treel and ) Queen streei. i ¥OR SALE by the undersigned, on the must liberal trms, vOO-head of Cattle, contiiting of Cows, — b good many broken in to bale, princi pally from three to five years old. A good proportion of Bullocks, from three to four years old. S'teers and Heifers, all good and very quiet Cattle 1 Durham Bull, rising fiwe years 1 Duihim Bull, rising two years 1 Aged Mare, 10 years old, 1 Mare 7 ditto f I Ditto 6 ditto 1 Uhto 5 ditto 3 Mares 4 ditto 3 Ditto 3 ditto lO Mares, two broken in to barncai, and five (o saddle '2 Fillies broken in to saddle 2 Onto unbroken 3 Culls, ruing two years old 1 Larpe draught Horse, rising five years old 7 Colts aud Fillies, tiring one year old 1 Entire Horse, rising four years old ARTHUR KEMMIS & CO. ffJN Sale by ihe undersigned, ex Caro line from London : — < Gennease Seed Wheat Danish Oats and Bariey Panics requiring the ismc ore requested tn apply immediately, rhere being only h small quantity of each to dispose of, A. ANDREW. Fat Bullocks. rB1HE Undersigned has about thirty prime fat Bullocks tit for the knifp, GEORGE SULLIVAN. tOR SALE, to be delivered in Mel- bourne in five weeks — Fifty Cows, in calf to an imported Durham Bull, and with calves by their itdes ALBu, One Durham Bull, bred hy ihe Van Diemen's Laud Cumpany CKAIG & BROADFOOT July 21, 1841 X2x Benares &nrl; other late arrivals, and for Sole at the Stores of the Under- Btgncd, SIXTEEN Scotch WROUGHT IRON PLOUGHS complete Two cast iron boilers, with furnace doors and gratings Six pair b dray wheels and oxieB One cBre TendprB One cask Sheffield cutlery Thirty-two quarter casks Taragona srine Sixteen puncheons runj Linseed oil, ihree-btiehel bags, hand-raws, crnsx-cufc and pit-saws, files, rasps, pepper mills, tobacco pipes, nails, &c.;, &c.; JAMES GRAHAM, Russell. street, July 17, 1841. Seed Potatoes. rffHE Undersigned is ready to treat 1 with Airricukui ist8 to supply tliam with very carefully picked and pure sorts of the following approved kinds of Potatoes erovn on Iub farm, via : — Pink Eyes and the Black or Brown's Kivcr Potatoes. Apply to JAMES turnbull, Mnnaliinri. Mnr.npp Mnnncp 1'nnHs. Ihrnp milM and a half from Melbourne. l'O BE SOLD — A very desirable Farm situated on (he Darebin Creek, six miles from Melbourne: containing about 176 Bcres. 14 of which are now under culti vation and preparing for crop. From SOO to 10D0 roda of eubstanlial fencing are in pro gress of erection, and there aie on the pre- miseB a good Hut ol three Rooms, Kitchen, Servants' Room, twr Store?, Stable, Fcwl- houfie, &c.; ; and about 50,000 Bricks lor the completion of the buildings. The water in the creek is really good and p'enliful. In short a more desirable homestead or small dairy Farm is not to be met with. About one- fourth of the price may remain on mortgage of the pro perty for upwaidB of three years, and the terms would otherwise be made very easy to h respectable party. For paiticulars apply to Messrs. MONTGOMERY & M CRAE Solicitors Melbourne, July 8. Ex Eoyal Saxon. A VERY superior Durham Cow, and Iwo Durham Bull Calves, to be Bold un mode/ate leuns. Aply at the counting'house of WERE BROTHERS 8c CO. 23rd July, isu The Coaching Stallion ' Clarion' for sale. HE is a rich brown, is 17 hands high, rising seven veais old, was bred by Messrs. Scott, of Glendon. His sire, Ihe imported horse Trumpet, wai bred by Lord Luwther, end is own brother to Bugle, a grea! winner in England Clarion's dam )B the Clevelaud mare Violet, by a son of Sorcerer- and was imported by the Australian Agricul- cultural Company, who have generally ob tained .£300 'or three years old Colt, bred from thtse Marer. Particulars may be ob tained at Kuk'fl Bazaar., where he ii now standing, Patasonion Mores. jIFTY very superior Palagonian Mares, carefully selected, and standing from fourteen to sixteen handi high. These very valuable Mares are expected io twelve or fourteen days oveiland from Sydney, and cbh he confidently recommended as well (rom their hardiness of constitution, as their size, bone, and muscle. THE AUCTION COMPANY. For Sale at New Town, AN elegantly finished four-roomed COTTAGE, with store, stable, and gig-house, having a frontage of one hundred and ten feet to a Government Road of sixty feet, and a depth of one hundred feet. This will be found a most eligible investment of capital, being situated near the residences of R. S. Webb, Esq., and Captain G. W. Cole, and only ten minutes walk from Melbourne. Terms most encouraging. Title unexception able. Apply for further particulars to Messrs , Deane and O'Cock, or to T. BANDFIELD, Agent, Wharf. To be Sold or Let, North wood cottage, in Lons- dale- sUeet, containing drawing room, dining room, and three bed loomp, detached is a pantry, kitchen, laundry, store room, &i; c. The only reason of ihe proprietor's leaving this valuable property is, it being hiB intention Io reside in the country. Apply to J. ROACH, Elizabtih-alreel Cottage and Ground for sale-, jITUATE on the soulh side of Bourke- slreet, on the Eastern Hill. Frontage, 18 bet 8 inches ; depth, <6 feet 9 inches.— For lermB.and title apply tn MR. THURLOVV, Solicitor, Elizabeth street, July 22, 1841. Worit on Australia Felix. r|HHREj&j3r; four Copies of " Arden's LatEBgrfaation with regard to Aub tralia FefixfKC, remaining unsold, partict desirous o( forwarding the tame to England, per Adelaide, jire requested to make early op- plication Gazelle Office, Cullias-etreet. ./ fr.j Mr. Reeves' Weekly Slilpplut andtTrade List. (SUBSCRIBERS to ihe above, deirons: of sending home i/riorraation (o their correspondents by the Adelaide, to tail in about a fortnight, may be supplied with extra copies from the beginning at sixpence each, non-subsciibers will be rharged one shilling. Melbourne'June 26, 1841. GOODS Warehoused on moderate terms at the stores of the undersigned, close lo the Queen's Wharf. ARTHUR KEMMIS & CO. For Sale— Very Cheap A S T A N H 0 P E and Harness A light Van Diemeu's Land Cart and Harness /lso, A handsome Londun made Tent, twelve feet square Apply to MR. POSTLETHWAITE, Newtown. For Sale, A N Officer's REMISSION TICKET, for £200, Price £220. Approvrd bills at three and four months will be taken. ThiB ticket wuuld be particularly useful to pailie® de6irousof purchasing land at the approaching" sale of town allotmenis. Itwouid also take pre edence of munev in the selection of conntty sections. Apply to MR. POWER. Tor Sale by the Undersigned. ONE hundred superior Fat Bullocks, Apply lo J. B. KIRK & CO. July 26th. For Sale, ONE thousand nine hundred and ninetv-one Sheep, chiefly Ees» war ranted free from disease. A Run, near the Hume River, of sufficient extent for six thou sand Sheep, given in, Auplv to ALISON & KNIGHT, Collini-street, July 25lh. 1841. Gig- and Harness for Bale A N excellent light strong Gig made to order, and haB been in use about six months, for sBle cheap. Apply to Langhorne Bro'Ners, Flinders-lane. July 24. To newly-arrived Immigrant. fTO be aold, four Allotments of thirty- four leel frontage to the Heidieberg road, hiluate at Newlown. The above are enclosed and divided, upon one of which a Skillion is erected. EnquireOf Mr. Mitlon, Newtown, or Mr. Brown, Gazette Office. To- I mmi Grants. r|MIE Undersigned will Lre/it wiLh a few able boditd iinraigranls, who are dis posed to contract for the throwing up of a clay ditch round a cultivation Farm a few miles trom Town, j. C. KING. BRIGHTON ESTATE, The Special Survey of Hi Bendy, Esq. rJAHE above property is five miles 4\. from Melbourne, in a most healthy situation, being on (he margin of Hobfion'r Biy, possessing a fine son, wilU a giedl variety of pleaBing scenery, ri his Esta'e having been surveyed aud xuhdivided into Country .Sections, Town Al IntuieniB, and .Suburban Fortions, for Marine Villa Residence, is now open 'or rale by Fri vate Contract, at the ccunting- house of 'ht undersigned, where a Plan of the propeity can he seen. WERE BROTHERS & CO. To be Eel, for such Term a may be agreed on, aad. immediate, ponexitoii Ciren, 'lHAT large, ooramodioua, and cen- trically Hituaied STORE, with office and dwelling house, opposite Ihe Melbourne Club, lately occupied by William Westgarth, Esq. The elore is 60 feet by 25, with loft above, six feet high, and attached are a two stalled stable, hay loft, and convenient sheds, altogeiher comoiuing a moat eligible plpce lor business and a comfortable residence. For further particulars apply at the Counting- houseof JAMES GRAHAM. Ruesell-street, July 19, 1841. A Farm to Let on a Clearing Leaae,. CONSISTING of about fifty acres of excellent soil, not heavily timbered, an excellent back run fand/ight fof road to water on the Darebin Creek. A five or seven years lease will be given, requiring certain yearly impro»erpent;| pnly, Arrangements cin alho' be made for ati berdf very supe rior Dairy Cows, al a moderate rent. Apply to Mr. A. Aid en,. Hialey. Dale, Darebin Creek. June 2, 1841. rJpO DET in the beginning df August, two .Shops and Brick tenements, situated in Elizabeth-street, and now occupied by Mr Caffimore, Clothier, nod Messrs. Hayes & Co. Tailors. Enquire of MR. POWER. To be Let or Bold— Towa .House) and' Allotment. TpHAT comfortable and convenient i w House Dielv occupied byj- hia Honor 'he Judge, adjoining iho mansion of George Poster, Esq, containing hall and antir-room in Irnt, and two bed rooms, a convenient de- lached kitchen with stabling, &c.;» the properly is delighfully situated on the brow of the Hill, find commands a magnificent view, the house is ready for the immediate reception of a geD- teel family. Further particulars, terms, &c;„ on application to MR. S.M'DONNELL. Auclion Company's Rooms, ) 13th July. £ Notice to Marfeet Gardeners and Ifor- serymeni EVERAL well-sheltered spots of first i rate soil, abundantly supplied with water on.tliB estateef Moreland to he let on lease of seven years. Also, a sraaR -Ffirm," 'Thesp lajidg' me free ruber or -StoKe?, aud ready for the, plough or spade. Apply to - JA>IES TURNBULL, Morel and, Mo,onte Moonee Pooda, three miles aqd a half from Melbourne. To M&rketXSaiwdQners; and others. TO LET, ThYee or more years, a GARDEN, of one acre «nd a half, situate aboiri a mile, from West Melbourne, and ad joining the township of EaslMelbourue. The proprietor would have no objection to build & small cottage on the ground, if required. ALO, TO LET POfl THRES TEA R.8, Two acres in Suburban 30. Apply a1 the Gazette Office. To Let, I Vith immediate possession, rJHHAT I\leaeuage or Tenement and -A- I'remises situate in Flindere-Iane, lately in the occupation of Mr. J. \V. Shaw. Fur terms apply to Messrs. CARRINGTON & CLAY, Solicitors, Collioa-hne. To Cthero, Grocers and Others. 10 LKT, tboael eligibly situated pre- inites io Eliiabeth street, laiely in the occupation of Mr. Friizel. Also, the ailjoin- ing Shop end fremiiee For terms, &c.; ap ply to P. W, WELSH & CO. July 9, 1841. To be'Let, 'TUYO convenient Offices, in a central situation. Apply Jo JOHN BULLEN & CO. Elizabeth-6treet, June Desirable FajxxUy Residence at New Town. 0 BE LET, the above, containing elegant and spacious parlours communi cating by folding doors, ihree commodious bed-rooms, kitchen, &c.; Terms moderate. For particulars apply to WATSON & WIGHT. Melbourne, July 16,1841. To oxxiall Farmers, Gardeners, and the industrious of all classes. To be Let for a Term of Years SEVERAL FARMS. of five, ten, and fifteen acres, situated at the Village ol Pentridge, about five pules from Town, naturally clear from etope and limber, and fit forhe pluugh orspade wilhout any expense. Apply at the Gazette ofece. To be Let, ON Building Leases, Twenty-four AL lotments of Land, upwards of an acre each, at Campbellfield, Yarra Yarra, on the Government Road, and within a very short distance from the river. Apply to the proprietor. Campbellfield, July 27, 1841. To Let, 'pwo COTTAGES, iu healthy situa- ticins, cunlainiQf tqur rourua each. Apply to J.J. PEERS. 1 For Bole or "Hire. THE celebrated Herefordshire Ball Lotus,"' whose iuperior stuck can now be shown; he is parted with solely oe- cause hii owner expects daily a change ol blood from England. .ALSO, s The celebrated grey Male "Arabia," with, a foal seven months old hy her ride, aud to foal again in October. Shi ts one of ihe best fencers in the colony aqd her powers of endurance almost malchleis, calculated to carry about ten stone. AJip'y io Mr. G. Arden. j To L«t. | rll AT commodious Stpre in Flinders lane, laiely in the opcipaiiun of Me&sn; J VV Shaw and Cu JEntiy immediately— Apply to j \ CR AIG' St BltOADFOOT. . July, 1841 / BeUmberc, Let for sucb terms, nifty be«greei upiin, a Cottape, now in the occupation ol John Hawdon. E»q. fit for . tjip reception. « a gentleuian'a family. Kitchen and ,Slore de- Inched, four stall Suble, Seivapt'a Room, ancf Hay Loft, with upwaldj . of a hundred ecrrtof Land, Apply to, WILLIAM MEEK. . Solicitor. To be Leased, /"|NE. — CORNER ALLOTMENTS; 8and 9 of section 18,.eituate in llourte street, William-Btreet, and Houtke-luie, and opposite the Engliih Church lesorva, . They will be let upon lecular building leaiea,«ad. divided , into portions .afficient- lo .dmit of each lot having a garden, - 2, — Four acres of Suburban Xand, in No.. 52, adjoining Melbourne B! eatended, : They will be let into jjortioai- fpr -the -euotion ef reaideDcea. or rented an rnatketg ardene.. 9,— Suburban Aiiptrarnt, No. 14, on lita wrol aide of the Yatrft, about two mile, frqtn. the Punt, cnntainjng ilxty-tbfae actei., It will be let as one farm, or divided intu porJ tionB suitable fur marYet garden., the Hand -ia, well adapted for either, and it tiai ample frontage upqD the river, . Further information 'will he afforded b Messn. A. Kofltmiss and Co, or , Ja WILLIAMSON.. SwaBiton jtreet, 2Ulh July, 1841, To Let for a Term or Tears, COblPTING-ftsj0Sfe a and exteiuive, back Store, acljola?ngi the office of (b« undersigned, in Flindera-lane. LANGHORNE BROTHERS, July 18. Board ax id Ludglxijc' ' A FEW respectable mectiaalhu be- accommodated with comforiabla Beafd and Lodging, on application at the Elopbiat and Castle, Uourke-lBne. . -vr To ba Let or -Bold, with ImmeHataJjfik pDsseaslon, J gjSPp/ The Shop and Dwelling EouBlijit Collina-fttreet, lately occupied Dy Mr. fimpson, together with Shop Fjxturei. Apply, t0 J. PDRVES. Te be Let 4 THE Shop and Dwelling House at- present occupied by Mr. Thorpe, opposite the Market-square and Ciub House. . ' Apply to r J, PKRYES. , Land, to Let Rent Freei iLE Undersigned has been, instructed, Jel, improving leases, several acres of Sjfowban Property, in the immediate vlci-, iqi'oT Jejhourne. The soil is of ihe fiist qaofiiyjaiiS wkter abundant. «APP'Vtu " - w J» C. KING. NOTICE. THE aoderaigoed lak-es leave to eo-- quaint his Fxieods and the Pub'ic, (hat his Office is next door to Dr. Wilkie'a deQce, two doors nurlh of the Herald Office, Elizabelh-streeti JAMES QUINN, Architect and Civil Engineer Melbourne, July, 1841. JGTICE is hereby given that the Partnership heretofore ubBisting between the suhaenbert under the firm of " Arden end Strode," aa proprietors of the Port Phillip Gaielle " and general printen, ii this day dis solved by -mutual convent. The " Gazette" aud general printing busi ness will in future be conducted by Mr. George - Arden. All debti due to the firm are to be paid to Mr, ThomsB Nlrode, to whom tpplioa- tion for payment of debts due by the firm is to made. Dated this firt day of July, 1841. GEORGE ARDEN THOMAS STRODE. Present — JAM-SS Montgumbrv. — i — "" \ WOTICE. 'VHE Public are hereby cautioned jegaintt purchasing any properly apper taining (o the Estate of W. H. Dulton from hiB TrliBteoa, aa legal meaaures are now iu progresi for the purpose of restraining (heai Irom suci disposal. \ SIMSftN k DARLOT. July Gft 1941. y NOTICE. MR. \ BUCKINGHAM being ap. pointed the Travelling Agent for ihe Port Philhp Gaibttb, will receive any. orders or communications that insy be in tended for that Establishment 1 G. ARDEN. Jnly l<5tlr, 1841. Five, Founds Sew&rfl.; THHE above Reward will be paid by - me to any pereon giving such iufnrma- lion, as will lead to Ihe discovery of thepv ties, whoon Monday last, attempted to force (heir way through 'my property on Ihe Meni Creek, and assaulted the aervant in charge of the fenc-ee, hy whom the offenders are de scribed as two men dtested inauitouti, riding- in a shabby gig, drawn by a hay horae, and , naming Mr. Dullon'a Fatm as their damna tion. W. F. A. RUCKEK. Marrl Greek, July 14, 1841. Five Pounda Bewara, . STOLEN, from the stable of thfl 4in.- deraignea, on tbe night of Moniieur Gautroi's Concert, a dark brown horee, ftix-- teEn hands high, Roman nose, long hack, goose rumped, short tail, black points, and branded CL under the mane. Whoever will give euch information »s wiil leHd lu tht discovery of the offender or nffen. tiers, will receive the above reward. G. W.COLE,. Collini-atreet. To Build era. pENDERS are required for thf ercc-. lion of two Warehouses, opposite the CuBtom House in Market Square. Terms of payment, 5Q pgr cent cash-on compfeUqnof the buildmgB, aod the residua by acceplancei at ihree and six months. Tenderato be deli vered on or beiore the 7lh Augnat, and-planB anil eperificftttoni to tie seen on applicattpK to". G. H. HAYOON, \- Atohitrclft. ' At Porlet aad White's biore. Little Flindera- atieet, July gffi c . ,,i . - tilii'- ' J7ooiad, v-'-i ' 4 KANGAROO BITCU, colour yet- . i v low. Aoy may have it liy enquiring jit I and paying the expensefta- 