JOB PRINTING emery de«crfP"Dnilnclu'Un kawForm., curd", Olrctalars, B1U Head., Po.tln, ud Auctioneer.' i i Ilia, it E.IUTSIT D aXPBDITlOBil.T IZECCIEB. AT TITB g ,& s je "5t if ie csnsba1' pbintinq office, Qolllni'itntt, 0> jdla» low a rata a« any Office in Melbourne, wbethet It be a rejnaneretlnB price, or for nothing. N- " For Port| Albert, Corner Inlet. rpHK well-known regular ifil trader culler obbtl mary, Edward MlcUeWel), mailer, 3t HSBPa" will nil for the above in eight .A'iji. ' for freight or pau≥ applj to llie captain un board, or to THOMAS, ENOCOE, & JAMES, Whirr- For Bvdner. To tail on the 8th August. "i'HK fins first-class Sliip JgfiL 1 GEORGE FYFFE. Pike, Comroaniier, having very jKjKMi auperior accommodations. eaBBfiw Apply to the underaigned or freight or panage. THOMAS, ENSCOE & JAMES, WhaH — For Madraa direct. Is THE A. I. SHIP AgV-x A ROYAL SAXON, 7So tone. F- W. Lodge, commander. Hn luperlur accommodatioD for pas- aengera, will tail in about Itn days, and carriea an experienced aurgeon. Apply in the captain on board, or at the counting .houae of WERE BROTHERS & CO. 52nd July. 18ft. For bondon i aVx r|HK first class rerr.ark- yfES Bbly fact tailing brig /jajjffm, ADELAIDE, SfniWMWKA 210 Inns, S Dryden, Com- Hiran& rounder. This vessel having her dead weight on board, and most of her wool engaged, will meet with quick dtapalch. For freight or paasage (her accommodation being very superior ®PP'> to JAMES CAIN, AY ERE BROTHERS b CO., or STRACHAN 8: CO. ror Freight or Charter, HE A 1 BRIG 200 tone register, will be discharged in eight daya, CRAIG & BROADFOOT, Ageati. July 10. 1811. f For Freight or Charter, e-wru nn 11 E At teak-built SHIP jSjSi - CAROLINE, JKf d50 Inns, John Wjlliatna, com ftPsFinj roander, is open fur freight or BBl3S> charier, on (lie delivery of litr present cargo from London. Apply to the Captain on board, or at the Counting House of WERE BROTHERS & CO. Coal Killing Company S u fiicripti Jn List. WHEREAS a considerable expendi ture has been incurred by the,Cuinniiitee ol lhi6 Onipaay in opening the Coal Minis at Weatern Fort, it ha« been considered ex pedient to open a subscript on list, in order to reiitve them of a porlion ot their liabilities. N.B. — Any sums paid towards Ibis purpose will be allowed for in the purchase of abares I the future Company. G. ARDEN, Hon. Sea. Hs Honor's donation ... £s O 0 A. Kemm'i 13 0 0 Q. Thomas 13 0 0 Q. IV. Cole IS O 0 CJ. Arden 13 0 0 A. M'Killnp 10 O 0 F. Manton . . 13 O 0 H. N. Car(ingtou„ ... 10 fi 0 Mr. Higher! " 10 O 0 Were Brothers Si Co.... 10 0 0 3\. Roach £ 0 0 H. F. Gurner £ 0 0 W. 11. Nicholson ... 4 O 0 G. Cavenagh £ 0 0 tl.jamiesua iu o o j. Eutcoe 10 0 0 A. Thornton in o 0 A. Andrew ... ... 10 O 0 II. U. Morris ... ... 10 0 0 James Graham 10 0 0 F. A. Fowlett 10 0 0 Mr. Dandy J 0 0 Air. Simpaon ... ... 10 0 0 A. Abraham 10 0 0 M tgomery and M'Cree 10 Q 0 1 . F. B. St. John S 0 0 Hill and hancock intimate that they hare opened thoae premises io S Great Collina-aireet, three doors above Eliza- he h-tlreel, lately crcupied by Means. Hunter, Somerrail ftc Co, where they intend to catry H On bnsiness aa Watchnoakeis and Jeweller. H . H & H feel confident, from their long ea- peiietiee aa practical Workmen, to give every aatnlacilDn to all thote who honor them with H auoDoit H Melbourne, July 1C, ISf I H Grocery store. Cmur tf Little Colliiu a»i Elisabeth street t. Undersigned having succeeded lo |H the luiainesa carried on in the above pre. miiea, for the last twelvemonths, by George love! I End Co,, begt to iofotro llie Public, that he has added considerably to the usual flock nf Groceries on hand, and invllea thr H attention oT ilia economic housekeeper, ti ? BB tvudeate prices lor good articles, H R. F. MOSSMAN. B N.B — All outstanding debu due In thr 'ate firm are itqueaUd to he settled withum delay. B Melbourne, July 16, It'dl. a card. MR. W. H. BAYLIE, Member of the Rnyal College of Surgeons, Lon don, Bird Accoucheur, having dissolved his connection with the Medical Hall, begs lo inform hia friends and the public that he resumea the practice of his profession in its various branches. Residence, Little Bouike- street. rait. Melbourne, I Q'.h July, 1641. Education . MRS. KIRKLAND proposes opening a Seminary lor young Ladies at her residence, nearly opposite M r Montgomery's New Town, on Monday the lflih July, 1 84 J , lor a few boarders and a limited nunbtr ol day scholars. Terms may he known on application to Mrs Kirkland. Corrosive Sublimate, s rU- Ammoniac, Autyr of Antimony and Blue stone. ejMIE largest nnd cheapest supply of rotroaivc Sublimate, Sal-Ainmouiac, Bulyr of Antimony, and Blue Stone, in town to be had at, R. WILSON & CO S. Corner o( Queen and Collins-streets, Melbourne, July 15. THK Undersigned begs leave lo inti mate I but he in now prepared to act as Accountant to Insolvent or 1 rust Estates, in addition to his ttill Rciibg'as Skip, Commission, and Custcm House Agent. Hi I Offices for the present are at the Stores of Messrs Hiod & Co, Market Square, JOHN H. M'CABE, June 28!h, 1641. New Tailoring Establishment, Elizabeth street, Two Doors from the Melbourne Tavern . W. TURNER. BEGS to inform the inhabilaotsof Mel bourne and as vicinity, that he has com menced bueinejs in the above line in ell it branche®. W.T. humbly fulicitsa share of that public patronage so liberally bestowed while managing the husiness for HayeB Sc Co. W. T. nledees liiniaelf rhat. from his tineiience in culling for 6ome of the first- rate London hnusea, gentlemen may rely upon having their orders executed in a superior fclyle of cut combined ilh ne'tl workmRnship, nnd rnne- riala of ibe best quality. His stock consists o< superfine VVesi u' England brj»ad cloths ol every Shade ana Colour ; lor TrouserB, Buck skins, Doeskins, Tweeds, double ami single milled Kerseymeres, Plaids, &c; j Saiios Shawl?, ToifioctB, Valentia and Quillings fur VeBts, Hia prices will be found very modprale. a? his terms will be cash. Gentlemen's Bush clulhing nratly got up. Children's Dresses and Ladies' Hiding Habits got up in a superior style. Liveries neatly executed. An Apprentice Wanted. Melbourne, July 10, 1841. W. WlTTONv Furnishing Ironmonger, $c , Collinsmxtrcet, Melbourne, T LENDERS Lis best thanks Tor the patiunage of his nun. erous friend?, and respecuuiiy inviies tneir aiienLiun, hmu in» of the public generally, to his very superior, well 8BFOite4, and cxien»-ive stock of goods in every department of the above line, wticli lie is enabled to offer at considerably Reduced Prices . N.I1. — A few excellent Csrlf, Ploughs, and Harrows of Van piemen's Land inanulacture oa sale very cheap, MK. J. B. QUARRY begB leave to inform his Eriendi and the Public thai he has thisday opened hu Office, (third dour from the Post Office.) July 23, 1811. HUNTER. SOKTERVAIL & CO. BEG to intimate that ihey have re moved io iheir new Stores in Great Bourke-street, where ihey will have constantly on hand selllers supplies ol all kinds, a largv Bisoitrnentof Provisions. Groceries, lrontnun gery, Memel Deals, Wines, Loudon Porter, and Ale, in wood and bottle, with a well se (ected stock of dry goods, and ntlier article.' suitable lor t he colony, and from H . S. & Cos arrangements in Biitsin, the trade may depend on geliiug their goods fresh and ot superior quality. In iheir present stock Bre the following, which they offer for sale- Superfine American Flour Barrels Potk and tierces Beef Barrels Peasemeftl and Oalmeal Firkios Cork Bulter BarrelB and Kegs Pease and Barley Starch, Scotch Soap, Bath Bricks London Porter and Ale, io wood and bottle, Wines, Port, Sherry, Madeira, Marsalai Chnmpagoe and Claret, in wcud and buttle Nails assorted 1 1 _ . ...n.iCna Daausp anil hnl/l' fllfllh C/SDE naiB lupci Ituc Wt-o.a, O..M — - , KeBned Suar, Candy Sugar, Treacle Carbonate Sixli, patent table Salt Muacatel Raiatni, Cheese, double distilled ' Vinegar Coffee, Hams, Yarmouth Dloata a Lochfine Hetringa l»aint8 and Oils, Earthenware Memel Deali, 11 by 3, audi L in fi, 3, and 4 CU'.B Carl wheels end Bushes Canvass. Not. 1 lot), Wool Packs. S bushel ain Sacks Carpeting, Linens, ticking, and Diaper Table Covers. N.B. — Storeaidjoining the new Post Office. For Sale, ONE Hundred aud fifty kegs of Colo nial Tobacco. J. ROACII. FOR BALE V WOODEN STORE. Office, and Stablei, in Eliiabetli-streel, adjoining the premises ol the undersigned. J. ROACH. For Bale ex " Truxanlni, and Paul Pry." 'JHVELVE Thousand feet TIM HER ®- Sixty ditto Slimyift Twenty ditto L»tha Thlriy-one bxgi fine Flcur Thirty bulfi Hxy One hundred »nd thli'y pircrR Free St»»ne Sixty bnus Oars Nicely ditto Bran. O. WILLIAMS. WharL June 22. INVOICES FOR SALE, KX 41 ANNA BnpHtAa" TOBACCO, Gtnall fig, very superior Hum Brandy, pale Ditto pale Cngnac, in one dozen cases Geneva, ditto Port Wine, in cases Sherry ditto ditto .Madeira, in hogahesds and quarter casks Westphalia Hams Figs, Eleme Dantzic Deals Thirty caseB glaBB Oatmeal Refined Sugar Porter, in hogsheads Bottled Ale and Porter .Slops Hats Stationery Blankets Salt Ginger Beer Bottles Pipes, not aScofcfc Earthenware Pickles Mustard Yotk Hams Cod Fish Biil'on Ware Iron Pott Pans and Kettles Gam Window Sa&heB; and Frames Dof)r6. vnrinus sotfs SbrH Weights Straw Bnnneta) , t fal!lions Ditto trimmed ) CAMPBELL & WOOLLEY, IRESR PANDORE OYSTERS, pre- " served by Gillun & Co. of Leith, on sale at the Auction Rooms of the underaigned. j. C. KING. On Sale , at the Stores of the Undersigned. BASS' STRONG AND PALE ALE Porter in draught and bottle Superior Wines Liverpool 6 a It Flour J aius Water Filters, fieured and plain Oris, Bran, and Maize, Turnips aod Grass Seeds J. BASKEKV ILLEj. Liltle Flinders streot and ) Queen street. i Seed Wheat, NOW on 6alc, Ht the etorea of the undersigned, from one thousand In two thousand bmhels Seed Wheat, grown at Carls- rulie. Mount Macedon. Alio, a small quanfily of Knight's Imperial Seed Peas, and a few bushels of Barley, and Dwarf Seed Peas, CRAIG k BROADFOOT. Landing, ex Benares, rjNE caski SHEFFIELD CUTLER V One case Fenders One cask TeakctileR, SBueppana &c.t; Arc,, Twenty- nine Burr Slonep, one Mill Stone Nineteen Iron Ploughs willi apparatus com plete Two ensks Iron Boilers, with Furnace door and Gratings Thice pairs Cnrt Wheels and Axles Five cafks Preserved Meats (Moir nnd Son, Aberdeen J w. westgartii. Opinsite the Club Houie. Melbourne 11th Juoe 1841. EOR SALE, to he delivered in Mel- bjtune in live weeks- Fifty Cows, in calf lo an imported Durham Bull, and wilh calves by their sides ALSO, One Durham Bull, bred by ihe Van Diemen'e Land Company CRAIG & BROADFOOT July SI, 1841 For SALE by the undersigned, on the must liberal terms. 200 head of Cattle, consiitiog of Cows, — a good muny broken in to bale, princi- pally Rom Ihree to five yeBrs oio. a good proportion of Bullocks, from three to four years old. Steprs 3nd Heifers, all pood and very quiet Cattle 1 Durham Bull, rising five years 1 Durham Bull, rising two years 1 Aged Mate, 10 years old 1 Mare 7 ditto I Ditto G oitto 1 Ditto & ditto 3 Mares 4 ditto 3 Ditto 3 diilo 10 Marei, two broken in to hnmeae, and five to saddle 2 Fillies broken into saddle 1 2 Ditto unbroken 3 Culls, liiinp tvro yearB old I Large draught Horae, rising five years old I Entire Horse, rising four years old ARTHUR KEM MIS k CO. Good opportonlty for realising a great deal of ready Money with a -very small Outlay. THE Undersigned not having suffi- c ien 1 1 v ruomy accommodation in hit new E&trtbhbhment; for a Billiard Table, has iCKolved, though reluctantly, lo part w'uli fits splendid liilliaid 'I'able, m> well known to the spurting world, upon very easy terror. For pAiticulars, apply to Mr. Thomas Ander son , Limb Inn. francis hodson. AN Sale by the undersigned, ex Caro- tine tron London : — Gennesee Feed Wheat Danish oru and I3ar.ey Parties requiring the asme arc requested to apply immediately there being only a small ou&nlily; ol each to diipose of, A. ANDREW. Port PMUlp fitoazn Navigation. Company. A FEW SHARES lo be sold try order cf the Dnecture, Application to he miidc to a. KEM MIS, Agtnl. Meh-o'irne, July 10, 1841. Fat Bullocks. 'IHE Undersigned has about thirty piiine tat Bullocks tit for thu knife. GEORGE SULLIVAN. BRIGHTON ESTATE, The Special Survey of H« Dcndy, Esq. 'THE above property is five miles 1- from Melbourne, in r most healthy situation, being on the margin of Hobson'f lUv,,pu8?cBiing a fine soil, with a gieat variety of pleaBing scenery. 1 his Est&'e having been surveyed aod subdivided into Country .Sections, Town AL lo ! men is, and .Suburban Portions, for Marine Villa Residence, is now open for sale by Pri vate Contract, at the counting-house of the undersigned, where a Plan o) the properly can be seen. were brothers &c; co. Ex Benares aud other late arrivals, aud for Sale at the Stores of the Under signed, SIXTEEN Scotch WROUGHT IRON fLOUGHS complete . Two cast iioo boiler., wilh furnace door and glaring. Six pairs dray wheels and axles One case fenders OnecBBk Sheffield cutlery Thiriy-twn quarter caska Taragona wine Sixteen puncheons rum Linieed oil, three-lmrhcl hags, hand-saws, cross-cut and pit-saws, dies, raspa, pepper mills, tobacco pipes, nails, &c.;, &c.; JAMES GRAHAM. Uussell-street, July 17. 1841. Opportunity for Btccklxoldera, 71 H E Undersigned has been honored wilh instructions to exchanee valuable buildings and Land in Melhourne, Land al New Town, and on tlie Merri Creek, and waterside Allolments at Williami Town, for Stock, Goods, or Shipping. JOHN H. M'CABE. Temporary Office at Messrs, 3 Hind & Co.'s htorca- i VatwaUle Allotment. 'X'HREE Quarters of an Acre of Land fronting on lire rosin Road, adjoining the residence of Mr. G. Cavenagh, to be ex changed for Stock. Apply to JOHN H. M'CABE. Temporary Office at Messra. £ Hind iJc Co.'a Stores > Mixed Herd. rrtfiE Undersigned has on sale, nbout \- 66 Head of Cattle, N'nurunning within live miles of Melbourne, consisting of — Milking Cows Heifers, now calling 2 and 3-ycar old Steers. JOHN H. M'CABE TUI E Undersigned requesls that all claims againrt the firm ot M'Cabe & Cu. may be sent In his present offices at the 6tores of Messrs Hind Si Co. lor adjustment, and all perrons are fierpby informal that payment of all accounts due to the firm will he pe remptorily enlorced, JOHN II. MCABE; June 28th, 1 S41 . Seed Potatoes. rpHE Undersigned is ready to treat 1 with Agriculturists In supply them wilh very carefully picked and pure sorts of the following approved kinds t,f Potatoes grown on his farm, viz : — Pink byes and the Black ot Brown's River Potatoes. Apply to JAMES TURNBUI.L, Moreland, Monnee Moonce Ponds, throe miles and a half Irom Melbourne. JKR. J- C KING o AS on Sale by Private Contract (Joe superior Iron Ploogh- Terrns moderate. For Sale by Private Contract, |£IX Acres of LAND, on the banks of the Meiri Creek, about four mites Irom town, three scree of w hich are broken up, alto, elands upon il, a comfortable dwelli ng_ aod men's hut. For particulars apply to AIR. G. CAVENAGH, Elizrbetlr-street. V A U O 1 - Y. to— T J - 1 .,-1 A nnf wnnt fltA u ull ohiu "y i li'rtic V/Ull LI nk/tr i foljuwin valuable and well bred mob ol Cfittie. S5G Cow, three yeari uld and uprards 12 HeiFerB 6 1 Cows, (Beef) 1 lo Rullocke 48 Three \ear old Steers 22 Two ditto ditto 69 Calves over six months 578 head The above Stock ir very highly hred, and will be pold on most liberal termi, say a credit of nix, nine, twelve, and fifteen months. For further particulars, apply lo Mr. Power, Auc tioneer, Queen-street. To tie dlapoaed of by Private Sale. FROM Fifteen to Eighteen firgt-rate large roomy Mare, mostly lo Foal in December, many ol them have large r oait at foot. They are now running at a station about forty miles from Melbourne, with an Entire Hore of well-known celebrity. The pur chaser nav continue them on the run till he gets provided with another. Temna liberal. Application for ail particulars In be made l MR. POWER. IWO Thousand to Three IhouBand Poonds to J end in one or n ore sums, for n term riot less than three years, on Land ot House Property. Apply to H MR POWER. Horae Bazaar, J. B. KIRK & CO. r T AVE for Sale by Private C011- Fiftten pood Mercs and FillieB Fourteen ditto Hones lor draught or saddle Gentlemen wishing to - purchase will be treated with on libera! terms. Also for Sale, A large quantity of best Van Diernpn'i Land Hay, Uats and Bran, in any quantity. Octtⅇ and Ground for sale, U ATE un the south side of fiourke- aheit, on ttie Eastern Hill. Froninge, 28 bet h inches ; depth, 76 leet 9 iuchct>.— For Ktmiand lu'uappiy t«» MR. THUuLOW, Sulici'or, LiizAbeth it:eel, July C2. 1S41. 'fO BE SOLD— A very desirable Farm situated on the Darebin Creek, six miles from Melbourne: containing about 176 acres. J4 of which are now under cu! ti- vatinn Bnd preparing for crop. From 800 lo ilOUO rods of substantial fencing Bre in pro, .grew of erection, Bnd there are on the . pre. roues a good Hut ol three Rooms, Kitchen, Servant Room, two Stores, Stable, Fowl- house, &c.; ; and about 90,000 Bricks tor the coropleiiun of the buildings. The water in the creek is really good and plentiful. In ihorla more desirable homestead or small dairy Farm is not to be met with. About one fourth of the price may remain on mortgage of the pro party for upwards of three years, and the terms would otherwire be made very easy to a respectable party. For particulars apply to Messrs. MONTGOMERY & M'CRAE 1 Solicitors Melbourne, July 8, For Sale at New Town, AN elegantly finished four-roomed COTTa'XjG, with store, stable, and gig. bpuse, having a frontage ol one hundred and ten feet to a Government Road of fitly feet, and b depth of one hundred leet. This , will be found a most eligible investment of capital, being situated near the residences of II. S. vVebb, Esq., and Captain G. W. Cole, and only ten minutes walk from Melbourne, Terms most encouraging. Title unexception able. Ann) v for further pBiticulars to Messrs , Deaue and O'Cock. or to t. BANDFIELD, Agent, Wharf. To be Sold or Let, lVTORTH WOOD COTTAGE, in Lons- dale-street, containing drawing room, dining room, and ibree bed rooms, detached is a pantry, kitchen, laundry, store room, &c.; The only -reason of the proprietor's leaving this valuable property is, it being his intention to reside in the country. Apply to e J. ROACH, Elizabeth street pBtagonlan VTareft. ijRFTY very superior Patagonian Mares, carefully selected, and standing from fourteen to sixteen hands high. Theie very valuable MBres are expected in twelve or fourteen days ovetiand from Sydney, and can be confidently recommended as well from their hardiness of constitution, as their size, bone, and muscle. the auction company. To the newly arrived. Immigrant. CATTLE AND BUN. TO BE SOLD, a mixed herd of three hundred and twenty prime Cattle, une hundred and fifty of which are Cows. Also, the river where there is abundance of water all ine year round ; distant about one hundred and thirty miles from Melbourne, There is a comfortable Hut, containing five rooms, Stockyard, Haddock, &c.;, and twelve acres of wheat arc now under cultivation, also two hula fur rtjekraen end servants. Immediate pGBBession may lie had. — Apply to MESSRS. MANTON & CO. Steam Mills and Stores, Wharf, Melbourne. Valparaiso Mares, one Superior Colonial Entire Horse, and one Superior Colonial Bred Mare. f|HE ABOVE STOCK, consist ing of- Forty nine superior Chili Mares line coioniai enure nuroe One colonial bred draught Marc, advertised sometime since, have just arrived, aod are now running in a paddock on the Merri Creclt- The erester number of the Mares sre in- foal lo the above Horse, and are worthy the attention of purchasers, the Marea can be seen on application to Mr. Power, at his Rooms, Queen-Btrcet, or to Messra Dunlop M'Nub & Co., Flinders Lane. For Bale, 4 TEAM of excellent WORKING i\ BULLOCKS, quiet and well broken >n. Apply to CAMPBELL & WOOLLEY. 24lh July. 1841. The Coaching Stallion ' Clarion for sale. HE, is a ricn urown, is w nanus ing", rising seven years old, was bred by Messrs. Scott, of Giendon. His lire, the imported hone Trumpet, was bred by Lord Luwther, and IB own brother to Bugle, a great winner in England. Clarion's dam 36 the Clevelaud mare Violet, by a son of Sorcerer, and was imported by the Australian AgricuU cultural Company, who have generally ob tained £300 lor three years old Colts, bred from these Marei. Particulars may be ob tained at Kirk's Bazaar, where he is now standing. Jost received and for Sale, tw I X prime Durham Bulls. To be seen Bt Mr. blackiuore's cattle Yards, Litlte Fiiodera-street. Applv to A. M'LACHLAN. On Sale, A brLhlxDID halt-bred Arab Alare. heavy in foal Some excellent Hacks A ling e horse Phaotou A spring Cart A double horse Dray A single horse Dray For particulars apply to JOHN TULLOCH. Royal Exchange ComtnisFiou Yarde. N.B — Economy io Siablintr at the Royal Exchange Livery and Commission Yards. On MundBy next lite charge will be reduced to six shillings per night ; baits in pioporiion, Import&nt; to breeders of Stocks JUST imported, ex FrankSeld, from Liverpool, two splendid Maltese stallion Absrb, 'or the purpose of crossing with large mans, to produce good btrong working Mules. The owner ot the vaiuuble Bniinale is willing to Jet (hem cover at five guineas a inare ; or should a fair offer bo made, he is wiiliDir to make a sale, or e&cbange; them lor land, cattle, or any thing that may meet his approbation. Mules must be well suited (ot tliie Colony ; their powrer of enduring latigue and ba'd la bour is well tesliBed in Spain, FortugAl, New Orleans, and all hot and hilly countries The At&ea; are only two years old, stand louffeeu liBtids, and, when at their full growth, will reach lu sixteen. Now oo view. Apply to MR. WATSDN, ITop of Lonsdale-streCl. OUDS Warehoused on moderate terms al tils sloie of the umlcrsigncd, close to the Queen's Wharf. AUTK1UR KEMM1S St CO. Ex Royal Saxon. A VERY superior Durham Cow, and two Durham Bull Calves, to be sold on moderate terms. Apply at the counting-house of WERE BROTHERS & CO. 23rd July, 1841 Work on Australia Felix. rIHREE or four Copies of' ArdetTs Latest laforrr.ation wilh regard to Aus tralia Felix," &c.; remaining unsold, parlies desirous of forwarding the same to England per Adelaide, are requested to make early ap plication at the Gazelle Office, Collios-etreet. Mr, Heerea' Weekly Shipping and Trade List. SUBSCRIBERS to the above, deirops ol Bending rorne \ information to tlieir correspondents, by the Adelaide, to tail in' about a lonnight, tnay be supplied with extra copies from the beginning at 6 ix pet ice each, non-Bubacribers will be rharged one shilling 1 MelbourneJime 25, 1841. To be Let, for such Term as may be agreed on, and Immediate poaaeealcm Riven, 'THAT large, commodions, and cen- trically situated STORE, with office ond dwelling house, opposite the Melhoume lafa-la nmirtiorl hu William W at tfr a »H h J "3 Esq The store is 60 feet by 25, with loft above, six feet high, and attached are a two stalled stable, hay loft, and convenient sheds, altogether corooming a most eligible place for bu8ines8nd a comfortable residence. For further parficulais apply at the Counting- bouse of JAMES GRAHAM. Ruasell- strect, July 19, 1841. A Farm to Let on a Clearing Lease, CONSISTING of about fifty acree of excellent soil, not heavily timbered, an excellent back run andfright of road to water on theDarebio Creek. A five or seven years lease will be givena requiring certain yearly improvements only. Arrangements can also be made for an herd of very supe rior Dairy Cows, at a moderate rent. Apply to Mr. A Arden, Hinley Dale, Darebin Creek. June 2, 1841. r j"0 LET in the beginning of August, two anopi ano uncK ienerneuts. situated in ElizBbeth-stmet, and now occupied by Mr Carhtnore, Clothiei , and Messrs. Hayes &s; Co, i Tailors. Enquire of MR. POWER. To be Let or Gold— Town House and: Allotment. THAT comfortable and convenient « House laielv occupied by his Honor 'he JudgCi adjoining the mansion of George Porter, E% containing hall and antir-roomin front, end two bed rooms, i convenient de tached kitchen with Btibfing, See., the property is delighfully situated on thebrow of ihe Hill, and commands a magnificent view, thehuusei is ready for the immediate reception of a gen teel family. Further particulars, terras, &c;,, on I application to MR. S, M'DONNELL. Auction Company's Roomr, ) 13th July. f Notice to Market Gardeners and- IVnr- serymeai SEVERAL welLsheliered sools of first rale soil, abundantly supplied wilh water on the estate sf Moreiaod to be let on lee of seven years. Also a small Farm. These lands are free from Timber or Stones, and ready for the plough or spade. Apply to JA!\IES TURNBULL, Moreland, Monnee Muonee PondB, three miles and a half fiom Melbourne. t To Market Gardeners and others. TO LET, for thee or more years, ft GARDEN of one here and a had, situate iRbout a mile from Wfcst Melbourne, and ad- I join ing ihe township of East Melbourne. The proprietor would have npobjectiun to build a small cottage on the ground, if required. ALSO, TO LET POR\TUREB TEARS, Two acres in Suburban 30, Apply a! the Gazette Office. \ To Let, With immediate jiossexsion, ' THAT MeBKuage or Tenement and Premises situate in plinderg-Iane, laiejy in the occupation of Mr. J, W. Slmw. For terms apply to Messrs. CARRlNG"ON & CLAY S< lienors, Culiins-lsne To Let with ImmedU te PossesBlon. rJllOSIi PreiniBes n Queen-street, lately occupied b Mr. F. Fittman, compriBing a comroodiou Omce and Storfe, with allied at the back, md a Stable. Applyj to Mr, Baakerville, Age it. Little Flindeni street," / To Bakers Grocffra and Others. J TO LET. those el riblv flitnatud nrw\ raises in Elizabeth street, lately in the occupation of Mr. Frizzjl, Also, the Brijoin- mg Shop and hremiies. For lerm», &c.; «p- ply to V W. W El. jH & CO. - July 9, 1841. To hii Le , TPWO convenient Ofiu in a centra! situation. At ply i 1 JOHN B'_"'.L£N i CO. Elizabeth-street,. wel_ Desirable Family Kealdftt-.-s at New Town. f|0 BE LET, l Le i$>ovu C'lutainiug elegant and Bp?c;jus'j.-t.ou contnDum- Cfitiog by folding d hv U, . r aisiodiMiis bed- rooms, kitchen, f . F t nr. -> mode; tie. For paniculate appu WA!' iJN >: \YJGRT. Melbourne, July ir. ' 41, Furolshc L Lodftn,:'. A NEATLY Vurjishft.! 'ioom to Lai in Queen-atreet, ,tht>r wiihoal hoard, in a onoii.heilthful nil q, Application at the Gazette Office. To small Farmeis, Oonlcuera, ftod ffcft lndustrloud -ji uil c&sses.; To be Let for a I'trtu of Tear:. eiEVERAL FA i»L!S of fire, iro, and lilleen acies, aiin«\ioil at ihe Village 6f Penfidge, about like iiiiSi from T« u&iuttihy; clear (rum vh>ne an 1 iwr.tittT, au 1 titter the plough nrip . without any ixperisc, . Apply tit the Gazrtie /T.-ce. Onlon Hpnfc nfAmfaslla. . London Office, 38, Old Broad street, £500,000 Capital pajd up. DIRECTORS. G. F. Angat, Esq. | jj, F. Lindo, Esq. R. Brooks, Esq. | C. E. Mangjes.Eiq J, W- Buckle, Esq. | C. Rawon. Esq- J. J. CummioR, Esq. 1 T. Saudi, Esq. R. Gardiner, Esq. I J. Rogie Sroitn, E«h John Gore, Esq. J. L Todd» E»q« trusters. G. C, Glyn, Esq. | John Gore. Esq. Jamea John Cucnmb, Esq- ' BANKBR9. Messrs, Glyn, Hslifax, Mills, 8tCo> 8BCRETART. Samuel Jackson, Esq, colonial inspector j.cunoiognrbiiaciartn, , The Directors of jtbis Bank grant l«eGehl<)f Credit, which are not transferable, for stunr not exceeding £300, or Bills at ToirtyDay sight, for larger amounts on their Branches at Sydney, Hobart Town, liaunceston, Campbell. Town, and Melbourne, with an additlon of Five per cent, on the -sum deposited. ; Lettera of Credjt and Bills at Thirty IHfi. eight on their Branch io New Zealand at par. vrhey also negotiate approved Bills on the Colonies, and transact all other monetary bu- sinesB, on the terms which maybe ascertained at tpei; office. By Order of the Board, Samuel Jackson,. Secretary, \ EMIGRATION TPO\CENTRAL AMERIGA.— EAST- ERN COAST of CENTRAL AMERICA COMMERCIAL aod AGRICULTURAL COMPANY. Capital £200.003, in Deben- tures of A20 each," the first series bearing, interest at fopr percent, payable half yearly. Directors i P. H Abbot, Esq. J William Hood, Esq. Capt. P.D.Bingham, I Adam Murray, Esq. R, N. I D. Pollock, Sq,Q,C Charles Bourjot, E?q, J J- Spurgin, Eiq>j M.D John Dawson, Esq. | Wilh power to add lo tbeir number. ' Secretary — Philip D. tJouper, Esq. Cashier and Accountant — L. S. Core, Esq. Superintendent- Young Aodereon, Esq. Bankers — Messrs. Glyn, Halifax, Mills, & C6: . This Company has obtained a gr«nt from the Government of the Federal St&teB; of Cen- tral America of 15,000,000 acres of virgin lands in that counlty, which lies between the 15th and 19th degrees of north latitude, alid. : 88 and 92 degrees west longitude. The grant includes the magnificent sea-port of Santo Tomes end several navigable river the most important of which are the Polochic, theMonlafcua, and the Uiumasioa. of which ihe Company has the excloaive right of steam navigation The first settlement is called Abbotsviljc, and it situate about 100 miles up the rif'er: Polochic. The climate is good mod geoUL . and the\country presents an alternation of i mountain and plain, affording a choice of tem perature. I It abounds In minerals, msny of which firo | of the most precious description ; and by tbo law of the Federal Stales, any one denouncing e mine becomes the proprietor thereof. The soil is rich to a degree unknown in Europe, aod produces (among other things mahogany, dyewood, Santa Maria wood, and many others of great v&'ue; indigo, cochineal - sarsaparlllB, tobacco, cocoa, coffee, cotton, sugar, , rice, vanilla, Indian corn, b&UamB.; gums and uiugn, iiKewiBB HQeBu oariey, puisc, auu uii culinary! vegetables. Homed cattle, horsei, mules, sheep, poultry, game, ond fish , ere abundant and cheap; end fruits in great variety and plenty. The terms of the grant secure to the settlers he right of governing themselves bv the elec- - tion, from among their own number, or muni cipal bodies. Trial by jury and religious toleration are likewise secured to them. They art authorised to errbody themselves a & militia fur self'defence, and to have a police uQer the orders of their own magistrates fur domestic protection. They are not subjec to anyiases or contributions, exceptsuch as shall ba established by themselves- There are no game or tithe laws nor any burdensome enactments whatever. They have in fact, a country to themselves, to be regulated by their own municipal institutions. The voyage occupies from six to eight weeks. At the mouth of the river they will be met by the Gpmpany' steamer, and conveyed to ihe settlements, where they will receive ever y attention ftjm the Company's Superintendent, Mr. YoungvAnderson, who will gij>e them pro per advice aa to the choice of location and the first etepa toyie taken, and will assist thein in procuring labourers " The ship St. Lawrence." (Huggup, mas ter.) has just1, been dispatched Wilhapirly, coniisiing of the Company's Superintendent (on his return to the settlements, aftera visit to this country!, the Rev. Mr. Krause and family, a surveyor, a few purchasers of lands, and a party of English and German mechanics, with their families A man and his wife will be conveyed by the Company to the settlement, provisioned on bonrd, and put ia \poi«eaionof 40 acres of freehold land (with aia indihputable iitle),or the moderate sumotjfsO: or persons in a. more elevated sphere cap purchase of €ha Com- pany any quantity of laud at is par acre, and may have a cabin passage for £25. To putchaBers of laud, land orders will be issued, whieh will entitle t/ie holders, ontho— presentation of tb. : rjielv< or their agents to the C.w:p.in V- biMiermtLndenti to cbo:ce of .'octtin-i, icrotrli'r./'D ?li- if numaricaV order ; and, h-vMi fix-i U|K»rt 6 site the- Gompany's Sut li'iei, free of cliaicv v". th-iet'ier. These Land n> 'era will he tranvfeiable ; th' plea«urfc of tb . iinhers, and a vegiitry v be kept at ihe C«v,npany's Office, 1u Lund) -uid fo Ihe letiiuni'itt as well of j.igirnl n ' orders bs oftraDtfer thtreof. The expense of lEXchlng the ofewb-ika- tion tuuU be borne by the erLim.nu Dialled account of tr. cu .macop - the grant mapB. andallo'l r- ptu -zw.'i ca be htd upon upplicati iii to in? '.rtlary.ai. 60| Mooigtte-ftUett, liar k.i.oniioa \ or to ijk lollow\Dg Agentiunl c cuirotry, vie. AGENTF l'GR OGRNiVALU St. Aghes — \U. bfFepb Vivian. Redruth — M'. W. ndr, jmu St, Ivai — 3L . ,1. I'vimoath — It . and C L. Ga/vc HuisiOfl— Wr- i'tixluQt. CauTAun, YjSf.'lSONS in tha habi" qf Crt>samg -Ihe 1 il JVit rri CiCk i.ev the rwidenneof ibupn- j dcrsiiiLi). .aisT '-ere by infinnd tht! J ai> i d io un. t"®ce I- I ..-u'-iJ I pxjn. on .MS Unili-Tft J that lr«r.ua i' j i. 4 l.'-'feilttsFid With 1UI a I' L . ; ' t 1 ii aisppn Iq >' 1 M e i : i O'lW iy ii; <6ii. / ' -i1! 