JOB PRINTING crrrrry AeBtrtptiou, Including Law Forma, Card", Circulars, Bill Heada, FoiUng ud Auctioneers' Bills, i jccdbstsly amd expeditiously executed. I AT thb I o a s je wsf as I general printing office, I Cdlfcs. street, K /tt as low B rate a a any Offlcs In Melbourne I whether It bo a remunerating price, or for nothing. For Lasnceaton. ar- H E fast Bailing Brig Afit M. SCOUT I will sail for the shove port on s'lury next' fi6lh instant. I aB0 . For freight or psiaage, having I (uperior arcommodiliom, apply lo the Captain I on board or , JAMES CAIN. I For London I a Ts r|1HE first class remark- I ably fait sailing brig I 'on' Brydeo, Corn- I HQgnSHM manrler. This veatel having I . j,fr Ofgd weight on board, I and moit of bet wool engaged, will meet wilh I quick dmpatcli. For freight or paaaage (her I accommodatiodi being very aup»»ior). apply JAMES CAIN. I WERE BKOTHERSfc CO., I or I STRACHAN k CO. I For Frelsht or Charter, I T115 A 1 B R 1 I -»">sBdB7eMi 20 ton' reguter, will be I dffinKL diic barged In eight days. I CRAIG k BROADFOOT, I Agents. I July 16, 1811. I For Freight or Charter. I H B A 1 teak-built SHIP I /S& i. CAROLINE. I ASOIoni, John Williams, com- I maoder, ii open for -freight or I wHBHaBti charier, on the delivery of her I present cargo from London. Apply to the I Captain on board, or at (lie Counting Houae I I XVERE BROTHERS & CO. I Coal KlnlaK Company I Suhtcriplijn till. WHEREAS a considerable expendi ture huB been incurred by thejCommiltee I ol thia Company in opening th«, Coal Mints I at Weill cn Fort, it hn been considered ex- pedientto qpen a subscription list, in order to I te live I he in of a poriion ot their liabilities. I N.B.— Any sums paid(towa:ds this purpose I will be allowed for in the pilfchaae of ihares I iu the future Cuiupany. I G. ARDEN, I s Hon Sec. I H.» Honor'a donation ... <5 o o I A. Kemmis ... ... 13 0 0 I G.Thomas IS 0 0 I G \V, Cole IS 0 0 I G. Arden . , IS o 0 I A. M'Kil|op 10 O O I F, Maiitoo . . 13 0 0 I H. N- Carringlon.., ... 10 0 0 I Mr. Highetl 10 0 0 I Were Brotheri & Co,.., 10 0 0 I J. Roach ... 5 0 0 I H. F. Gumer ..... 5 0 0 I W. H. Nichulsou ... 5 0 0 I G. CBvenagh 5 0 0 I H.Jamlesoa Ill 0 o I J. Enacoe 10 0 0 I A. Thornton in 0 0 I A. Audrew 10 0 0- I li. B. Morris 10 O 0 I Jamea Graham 10 0 O I F. A. Powleft 10 0 O I Mr. Dendy. 5 O 0 I Mi. Simpson 10 O 0.: I A, Abraham 10 0 0 I Montgomery and M'Ciae 10 0 O F. 11. St. John 5 0 O HILL AND HANCOCK intimate that they hare opened those premise in Great Collinaalreet) three doors above Elixa- beih- atreel, lately occupied by Messrs. Hunter, Someivail & Co, where they intend locairy on buaineti as WatchmBkets and Jewellers. I H & H feel confident, fiom their long ex- perience as practical Workmen, to give every I satisfaction to all thoae who honor them with I support Melbourne, July 1C, 1811 i huntjeh. someb.vail & co. I 1IKG to Intimnle (hat they have re- -a-a moved to iheir new Stores in Great Buurke-nreet, where they will have constantly I on hand aetllera' supplies of all kinds, a large H asaoiimeiit of rroviiloni. Grooeriea. Ironmon- I gnry. Memel Dealt, Winea, Loodun Porter, end Ale, in woud and bottle, with a well se- I iected alock of dry goods, and oilier articles I ""»tile for the colony, and from H. S. is Cu'a airaugrmenti in Biilain, the ttade uiiy depend H on gelling thetr goods fresh and at superior quality, in their present ttock are the following, which ihey offer for ale— Supe fine American Flour Barrels Pork and tiercel Beef H Sl rre'! "sfeal and Oatmeal Firkipi Cork Butter B B'nms and Kegs Pease and Barley biarch, Scotch Soap, Btlh Brick. B ")nill,n Porler and Ale, in wood and botlle, Wines, Purl, Sherry, Madeira, Mana'a, y- mpagoe mad Claret, in woud BDd buttle Nails assorted H ''"'"uperflne "Beaver and boys' Clolh Cap defined Sugar, Candy Sugar, Treacle H Jarbonate Soda, patent table Salt "tjapBtel £aitini, Cbeeie, double distilled V mogMr I "a0"' Yarmouth Bloaters Locbfine Herrings „a,nl'«nd Oils. Earthenware HHemel Dealt, It by 8, andli, in S, 3. and 4 H cult C»'t wheelt and Butbet H Lan vats, Not. j to6 \y00i paek s bashel H , F ain Sacks a'Pt-''ng, Linens, ticking, and Diaper Table t-nicra. Stores adjoining tin new r.jst Office- \\\TE the undersigned MagiatrRtea of the territory of New South Walea re sident in the dlilrirt of Port Phillip hereby convence a publicmeelingof I lie inhabitants ol the diatricl, to be held at Davis' Exchange Ruonn, on Saturday the 24th instaut, at two o'clock precisely to take into consideration the best means of acknowledging tbe servicer of James Simpson, Esq., during Ibe time he was Police .Magistrate of Melbourne. Dated this seventeenth day of July 1841. Arthur Kemmis, J.P. F M'CRAB, J P, Frederick B. St John, J.P Willi run Vbiinor. J.I®. Jonathan B. Webb, J.P. G. D. Mercer, J.P. T. WlLLB, J. P. R.Martin, Union BanV of Australia. London Office, 38, Old Broad street, £500,000 Capital paid up. directors. G, F. Angas, E6q. | B« F. Lindo, fsq. K Brook, Esq. | G. E. Wangles, Esq. J. W. -Buckle, Epq. C. Urh boo, Eaq. J. J. Cummins. Esq. T« Saoda, Eeq, R. Gardiner, Esq. J, Bogle Smith, Enq. John Gore, Esq. J. 11 Todd, Esq. trusters. G.C.Glyn, Esq. | John Gore. Esq. James John Curamis, Esq- bankers. Messrs, Glyn, Halifax , Mills, & Co, bbcretart Samuel Jackson, E?q, colonial inspector. J.Cunuiog hem MncLaten, Esq. The Directors of ,lhia Bank grant Letters of Credit, which are not trannfeiable, for sums not exceeding £300, or Bills at Thirty Days sight, for larger amounts on their Braoclies &t; Sydney, Hubart Town, Launcttton, Campbell Town, and Melbouroe, «ith sn addition of Five per cent, on the sum depouteri. Letters ol Credit and BiHs at Thirty Days sight on their Branch io New Zealand at par They also negmisie approved Bills on the Colonies, and transact all other monetary bu siness, on the terms which may be aiceriained at their office. By Order of thfe Board, Samuel Jackson, Secretary, J A. M AHSDJEN respectfully informs his friends and the public that he has just received an extensive and superior assort ment of lsdie' gentlemen's and chiidten's BOOTS and SHOES, consisting ol— Ladles' cloth and, prunella boots Prunella shoes, latest fashion Cordovan and Spanish leather ditto Gentlemen's Clarence and Biucher boots Ditto clolh boots Children's lasting and leather shoes of, a superior quality and of all Bizes Ditto colored leather ditto ditto Ditto cloth boots Ladies' velvet Unbound ilippera, lined Ditto morning shoes '' Gentlemen's leather and carpel furbouud slip pers N.B. The obove are all of a superior quality and of the moit lashionable description, and price extrem ely low, Elizabeth sircct, near thecorner of Coliius-streeu Soth July, l»4l, y- 9 X MONSIEUR GAUTROT. FT A S Ibe honor to announce, that n Ooocert of Vocal and Instrumental Miulc will take piece on MONDAY EVE- NING. tlie SGlh instant, at tha Lodge Room at the Royal Exchange Hotel, at seven o'clock, under the Bpeeial patronage of The Lodce or Australia Felix, Upon this occasion, a number of gentlemen Amateurs have kindly tendered their power ful assistance. PROGRAMME. | FART I. Overture (full OrclieslraJ.. Gautrot, Masonic Glee " Hail, the Craft" Parry. Duett (Piano and Violin Hertzet - Lafont. Witches' Glee AT. P. Sands. Air — (Madame Gautrot,) a ia " Catalan! ) aocompained by Mr. Clark on llie Piano) I/erold Vatialions oo ihe Violin Amateur. -Song - Amateur Walli — (By Amalcuraj.on two Violiui, Flute, Clarionet. Vio- ; lincello, Bassoon, Trombone, ' two Corneti, double Baas, ar. ranged by M. Gautrot TART II. Military March (full Orchestra) ,, Gautrot . Romance du pre aux Oleics, (Madame Gautrot) fPilde Glee Amateurs Air — (Wilh variations by M Gautrot) DePeriot Song Amateur Air — (Pianolorte and Flute) Amateurs Air — Du Proscrit (Mad Gautrot) Auber Glee - Amateurs Finale — God save Ibe (Juecn) Mr Clarke will preside at Hie Pianoforte, Ticketa — 10a fid each, to be procured at the lliiyal Ei change Hotel, Kerr & Holmes, Book and Stationery Varcbouie ; and ol M. Gauirot. YAKRA HOTEL AND TAVSgtN, Quren'i Wharf, Melbourne, HAA'ING been greatly enlarged and refurniabed, now offer every requisite 'or a First- rate Botel. The aparlmeati are lotiy and overlooking the nuble baiin of the Yarra. and tlio' in ibe Centre of Bnalneaa, ii icreened by an ample Balcony from hustle and noise, being immediately opposite the lanitlna st.rs Thia Hutel is most eunve- nieDlly situated for ail persona visiting Mel bourne, the accommodations aie of the best urder, and the feruia moderate. Dinnera &c.;, on the sliorteat nntice, Qur«n'i_lVbarf, May II. 1841. A CARD. MR. W. H. liAYLlE, Member of (he Royal College of Surgeons, Lon- doD and Accoucheur, having dissolved his connection with the Medical Hall, begi to inform In# friends and ihe public that he resumes Ibe practice of hit profession in its various hraacliea. Residence, Lillle bouikc- ttreei, cast. 1 MelUoinie, 19 1T1 July, I81L Education, MRS. KIRKLAND proposes opening a Seminary for young Ladies at her residence, nearly opposite Mr Montgomery's New Town, on Monday the 19th July, 1841, for a few boarders and a limited number of day scholars. Terms may be known on application to Mrs Kirkland. Grocery Store. Corner of Little Calline and lilizabetk-streete, rIHE Undersigned having nucceeded to the husineBB carried on in the above pre mises, for ihe laBl twelvemonths, by George Li ovell and Co., begB lo inform Ihe Public, that he ha« added considerably to the usual Mock of Groceries on hand, and invites the attention of (he economic housekeeper, to his nioderBte prices for good articles. S. F. MOSSMAN. N.B — All outstanding deb' e dug to the 1 alp firm are requested to be settled without delay. Melbourne, July 16, 1B4-1. Corrosive Sublimate, Sal -Ammoniac, Bntyr of Antimony and Bine Stone« HE largest and cheapest supply of corrosive Bublim&ie;, Sal- Ammoniac, Butyr 0f Antimony, and Blue Stone, in town to be had at, R. WILSON & CO S. Corntorof Queen find Collins-streett. Melbourne, July 15. THE Undersigned begs leave to inti mate that he in now prepared to act as Accountant to Insolvent or 1'rusl Estates, ia edditioo to his still acliugfas Ship, Commission, and Custom House Agent. His Offices for the present rue at the Stores of MesirB Hind 2k Cu, Market Square. JOHN H. M'CABE. June SSih, 1841. New T ail o jdec Establishment, Elizabeth' street, 7k0o Doors from the Melbourne Tavern, W. TURNER BEGS to inform the inhabitants of Mel bourne and iis vicinity, that he hag com menced buBineiB in the above line in all its hranche?. VV. T. humbly solicits a share of that -public patronage bo liberally bestowed while managing the business for-Haves &c; Co. W. T, pledges himself that, from hie experience in cutting for some of the first-rate London houses, gentlemen may rely upon haviDg theirorders executed in a superior Btyle of cut combined with neat workmanship, and male rials of the best quality. Hie stock coQRists o! superfine West ol England broad cloths of every Shade ana Colour ; lor Trousers. Buck-, skins, Doefikini Tweeds, double and fingle milled Kerseymeres, Plaids, &c; ; Silks, Sat ids Shawl'., ToiIiqcIb, Valentiaand Quilungs for Vests. His prices will be found very modprale, as his terms will be casli. Gentlemen's Bush glulhing neatly got up. Ctiildren's Dresses and Ladies' Hiding Habits got up in a euperior siyle, Liveries neatly executed; An Apptenlice Wanted. Melbuurne, July 10, 1841. For Sale, ' ' ONE Hundred and fifty kegs of Colo nial Tobacco. ROACH." FOR SALE A WOODEN STORE. Office/ and Stables, in Elizabetb-street. adjoining (lie premises of the undersigned. J. ROACH. INVOICES FOR BALE, BX M ANNA SOPIIIA." . 4 TOBACCO, small fig, very superior Hum Brandy, pale Ditto pale Cognac, io quo daren cr.ses Geneva, ditto Port Wine, in cases Sherry ditto ditto Madeira, in hogsheads and quarter casks Westphalia Hams Figs, Eleme Dantzic Deals , Thirty cases glasB Oatmeal Refined Sugar Porter, in hogsheads Bottled Ale and Purler Slopi HalB Stationery BlanketB Sftlt Ginger Beer Bottles Pipes, nolScofcA Eatthenware Pickles Mustard York HatnB Cod Fish Bolton Ware Iron Pots Pans and Kettles Window Saihee and Frames Doors, various sorts Sash Weights Straw Bonnets) , 4 . . , . r, k - , > Ditto titmmed ) Nails. ' - CAMPBELL & WOOLLEY. FOR BALE by the underBigDedt on llie must liberal terms, 500 head or Cattle, consisting of Cowaj-a good many broken in to bale, prlnci paliy from three (o five year old. A good proportion of Bullocks, from three to four years old. Nteera and Heifers, all good and very quiet Cattle 1 Durham Bull, rising five years 1 Durham Bull, rising two yearsj 1 AgedMare, 10 years old 1 Mare" 7 ditto, I Ditto 6 diti a 1 Dilto 6 ditto 3 Mares 4 ditto 3 Ditto 3 ditto 10 Mares, two bruken in to harness, and five to saddle 2 Fillies broken in to saddle 2 Ditto unbroken 3 Colts, rising two years old 1 Large draught Horse, rising five years- old 7 Colts and Fillies, rising one year old I Entire Horee, rising four years old ARTHUR KEMMIS fix CO. Landing, ex BenareSj1 QNE cask SHEFFIELD CUTLERY One case Fenders Ooe cask TesteUlep, Saucepans &c.;, &tc;,. Twenty- nine Iiurr Stones, one Alill Stone Nineteen l plcte Two auks Iron Boiler, with Furnace dooi and Gralinga Three pairs Cart Wheels and Axles Five casks Preserved Meals (Moir and Son, Aberdeen) W. WESTGARTH. Opposite the Club House. Melbourne lith June 1841. Seed Wheat NOW on sale, at the stores of the undersigned, from one thousand to two thousand bushels .Seed Wheat, grown at Catla ruhe, Mount Macedon, Also, a small quantity of Knight's Imperial Seed PeaB. aod a few bushels of Barlev. and Dwarf Seed Peas CRAIG & BROADFOOT. On Saletatthe Stores of the Undersigned. BASS' STRONG AND PALE ALE Porter in draught and bottle Superior Wines Liverpool iS'alt Fluur Jama ' Water Filters, flgured£Bd plain Grass Seeds J. BASKERVILLE. Little Flindera-stTcet and ) Queen street. i Ati Estate for Bale. ONE thousand Acres of invaluable Land witjiio two miles of Geelong. The Undersigned begs (o cat! the attention of capitalists and geullemea about to engage in rural pursuils, to thia most desirable and MBing property, which will be disposed of on very advantageous terms. r J, vBASKERVILLE. Good opportnnlty for realising a icat deal of ready Money with a very mall Outlay. THE Undersigned not having suffi ciently roomy accommodation in his new Establishment for a Billiard Table, has resolved, though reluctantly, to part with his splendid Billiard Table, bo well known to the sporting world, upon verv easy terms. For particulars, apply to Mr. Thomas Ander son, Lamb Inn. FRANCIS HOBSON. For Bole ex f< Trnganlni, and Paul Pry." 'TWELVE Thousand feet TIMBER Sixiy ditto Sliiuglea Twenty ditto Lai he Thirty-one bags fine Flour Thirty bales Hay Ore hundred and thirty pieces Free Stone Sixty bags Oau Ninety ditto Brem. 0\. WILLIAMS, Wharf June 22. /AN Sale by the undersigrfed, ex Caro- line from London ; — Gennesee Seed Wheat Danish Oats and Barley Parlies requiring the same are rcqursted'to apply immediately, ihtre being only a small quantity of each to dispose of. A. ANDREW. For Sale, A FLOCK of about six hundred and twenty prime Maiden Ewes ; they can be seen nine miles from Melbourne. For further particulars apply to Mr H. W. Ma6on, CdllinB- sireet. Ex Benares and other late arrivals, said for Sale at the Stores of the Under signed, SIXTEEN Scotch WROUGHT IRON PLOUGHS complete Two cast iron boiler, wilh furnace doors and gratings Six pairs dray wheels and axles One care fender One cask Sheffield cotlery Thirty-two quarter cakaTaragonft wine Sixteen puncheons rum Linfceed oil, three-bushel hags, hand-saws, croaa-cnt and. pit-saws, files, reaps, pepper mills, tobacco pipes, nails, &c.;,&c.; JAMES GRAHAM. Russell-street, July 17. 1841. Opportnnlty for Stockholders, H E Undersigned has been honored with instructions to exchange valuable building and Land in Melbouroe, Land at New Town, and on the Merri Creek, and WAieraide Allotments at Williams Town, for Stock, Goods, or Shipping. JOHN H.M'CABE. : Temporary Office at Hears, ) Hind & Co. 'a Slures. 5 Valuable Allotment. rffHREE Quarters of nn Acre of Lend fronting on the main„ Road, adj oioiog the residence of Mr. G. Caveoagh, to be ex changed for Stock. Apply to JOHN H. M'CABE. Temporary Office at Messrs, ) Hind&Co.;'s Stores J Mixed Herd. rjHE Undersigned has on Ba1et about A 66 Head of Cattle, Nowrunning within five milea ot Melbourne, consisting of — Milking Cowg Heifers, now calving 2 and 3-yeat olASteeri. john h. mcabe IH E Undersigned requests that all \- claims apatnst the firm ol MftCabe & Co. may be sent to hiB present offices at the aicrea of Meairii Hind & Co, (of adjustmeot, find all persons ate nereuy Jmurmeu iua« yiaj«uvui of .11 accounts due lo tbe firm fie Pe" remptonly cntorccd. JOHN H. MCABE; June SSIb, 1841. SmA Potato en. rCYfJE Undersigned is ready to treat .4 with Agticulturiita Io supply them Willi very carefully picked-, and pure soris of the lollowiiifj approved hind, of Potatoes erowti on his larra, vii Pink Byes and the Glaci ot Brown's Kiver Potatoes. Apply to JAMfcS TUKNBULL, Morelandt Moonee Moonee I'onds, three mile, and a half from Me'buumt. Fort FMllIp Steal. Navleatlo. Company. A FEW SHARKS to be sold by order of the Duertorsi Application to he made fol. A. KEMMIS, Agent. Melbourne, July 10, 184 1. Fat B allodia. '"THE Undersigned haa ubont thirty prime fat Bullocks fit for the knife. GEORGE SULLIVAN. MR. J. C KINO I J AS on Sale by Private Contract One superior Iron Plough- Terms moderate, For Bale by Private Contract, G1X Acres of LAND, on the banks the Merri Creek, about four miles from town, three acres of which are broken up, alio, stands upon it, a comfortable dwelling and men's huh For particulars apply tu MR. J. CAVENAGH, Elizabeth-street. K1 OR Sale by Private Contract, the _ following valuable and well bred mob ol Cattle. -> 350 Cows, Ihtee years old and upwards 12 Heifers cl Cows,(fieef) 110 Bullocks 48 Three year old Stcen 52 Two ditto ditto 69 Calves over six munths 578 head The above Slock is very highly hied, and wi'.lhe sold on most liberal terms, aav a credit of aix, nine, twelve, and fifteen months. For further particulars, apply loMr, Power, Auc tioneer, Queen-street, To be Sold Privately, SIXTY Head of mixed Dairy Herd of very superior quality, perfectly quiet, a large proportion ol ibfem Cows and Heifers Terms liberal. Apply to CHARLES WILLIAMSON k CO. Collin'-streel, Melbourne./ 92nd June, 1841. A N.B. — The above are running wilbin five miles of Melbourne. To be disposed orby Private Sale. FROM Pafteen to Eighteen first-rate large roomy AiBie, mustly lo Foal In December. 'Many of ihem have iarve Foals at foot. They are now running at astation about forty mileB Jrom Melbourne, wilh an Entire Horse of well- known cclebniy. The pur- ckaier nav continue them on the run till he gets provided with another. Terms liberal. Application for ail particulars to be made to Mil. POWER. Ofce hundred and twenty Rams, 'XUIE above very ouperior lot of Hams will be sold on Friday, (twelve o'clock) ihe 2Sd instant, in from ot ihe Auction Com pany's premises, Collins-street, without llie shrillest reserve- In ibe meantime they may be inspected morning and evening al Messrs. Mdoion 4' Co. 's premises, Wharl. Stockholders will do well to inspect the Bbove previous to sale. July 16, 1041, Patagonlan Iff area. jjIFTY very superior Patagonian Mates, carefully selected, and standing from fourteen to sixteen hands high. Thete very valuable Marcs ere expected io twelve of fourteen dftysoveiland from Sydney, and can be confidently recommended as well from their hardiness of constilutioDp as their Bize, bone, aod muscle, THE AUCTION COMPANY. To the newly arrived Immigrant. CATTLE AND RUN. 0 BE SOLD, a mixed herd of three hundred and twenty prime Cattle, one hundred and fifty of which are Cows. Also, the Cattle Station, on Ihe banks ofa beautiful river where there is abundance of water all (be year roood ; distant about one hundred and thirty miles from Melbourne, There is a comfortable Hut, containing five rooms, SlocKyard, Paddock, Ac., and twelve acres of wheat are now uoder cultivation, also two huU for stockmen and servants, immediate poeseuion may he had. — Apply to MESSRS. M ANTON k CO. Steam Kit Is aDd- Slores, Wharl, Melbourne, Onebtmdred saperlor Merino Rams for sale, THE above are a very superior di- Bcription of Stock, .and well worthy h;e attention of patties desirous of improving iheit breed. For the convenience of purchasers, thi: Rams may be inspected morning and evening on the premises ol MANTON & CO. Wharf. UjWWy SUCCI .UK DUCi FIVE THOUSAND Superior Woollud Sheep, warranted clean, for sale, the greater number of which will lamb in Sep tember. A 1 60, RaraB ot the following superior biced, viz. Dr. Wilson's, Captain Coghlli «, Dr. Reid'i, Tbompoon'a and Cunningham's. For terms which are liberal and other par- licDlars, apply to MANTON U CO, Valparaiso Mares, one Saperlor Colonial Entire Horse, and one Saperlor Colonial Bred Blare. 'FHE ABOVE STOCK, consisting of— Forty nine superior Chili Mares One colonial entire Horse One colonial bred draught Mare, advertis- ' some time since, have just arrived, trod it now running in a paddock on the Man Creek- Tbe greater numberof the MBres are in lallo the above Horae, and Ere worthy tin i Mention of purchasers, the Marea can be aei t un application io Mr. Power, at hit Unoms, Queen-alreet, or to Mesara Dun lop M'Nab & Co., Flinders Lane ror Sale. HARMS of ten to one hundred aores, :on the Merii Creek, adjoining the village orPeuttidge, five mile, from Melbourne. For CEORCE JAMES. Collins-sire :i. TjO BE SOLD — A Yerjr desirable Farm aituated on tbe Dsrehin Creek,. iix miles from Melbourne : containing about 176 acres. 14 of which are now under culti vation and preparing for crop. From 800 to. 10D0 roda of aubBtantial fencing are 1n pro- gress of erection, and there are on the pre mises a good Hut ol three Hooms, Kitchen, Servants' Room, two Stores, Stable, Fowi- house, &o.; j and about 90,000 Bricks lor tlit complelian of the buildings. The water in. the creek ts reallygood and plentiful. In short a (note desirable homestead or email dairy Farm ia not to be 'met wilh. About one fourth of the price may remain on morlgsge of tbe pro petty for upwarda of three years, and the terms wouM otherwise be made very eaB, Jo a respectable parly. For particulars apply to Messrs. MONTGOMERY & M'CRAE Solicitors l Melbourne, July 8. For Bale at New Town, AN elegantly finished FoUr-roonied COTTAGE, with store, itable( apd gig -house, having a frontage ot one hundred and ten feel to a Government Road of siilj feet, and a depth of one hundred feet. This1, will be found a most eligible investment of capital, being situated near the residencea of R. S. vVebb, Esq., and Captain G. W, Cole, and only ten minutes walk from Melbourne. Terms most encouraging. Title unexception able. Apply for fuithdr-particulats to-Mesira , Deaue and O'Cock. or to T. BANDFIELD, Agent, Wharf. On Sale, SPLENDID half-bred Arab Mare, \- heavy in IobI Some excellent Hacks : A single horse Phaeton A spring Cart A double horse Dray A single horse Dray For patticulara apply to JOHN TULLOCH. Royal Exchange Commission Yards. N.B — Economy iu Stabling at tho Royal Exchange Livery and Commission Yards. On Monday next the charge will be reduced to six shillings per night ; bails in proportion, GOODS Warehoused on moderate terms at tbe stores of the undersigned,! close lo the Queen's Wharf. i ARTHUR KEMMIS 8s CO. For Sale, by Private Contract, A SPLENDID herd of One hundred and twenty head of MILKING COWS, io calf, or with calvea by their aides, heilers and steers. These caftle are of a very su perior description, affd in ptime coudiliou ; the cows are perfectly qeiet aod good milkers, and would be a valuable acquisition to any person wishing to commence a dairy, Apply to MR, HOLMES, Book and Stationery Warehouse, To be Let, A FARM af LAND, of six hundred and forty acres,' on the Sydney Road, about twen'y one miles from Melbourne : this land is of the very best description, and adjoins tbe far-famed section formerly occu pied by A, Thorn, Esq. ,- jl riquires only to be teen to be'approveq. At least three hun dred acres are ready fur tbe plotgh. Tbe advertiser would tell Ibe above, and allow three quarters of the price to remain io tbe bands of the purchaser, for five years, Bl iutcrest. Apply to MR. HOLMES, Book and Stationery Warehouse, Fauns to Leti TWELVE hundred Acres of LAND, oil the Merri Creek, teD miles and jy. half from Melbourne. This is part of the Carapbellfield Estate! which cannot ba sur passed by any lsnd ia the Port Phillip district for agricultural purposes; there is an abund ant supply oT water at '.all seasoos of the year'. This will be let in oni or more farms. For further particulars apply to MR. HOLMES, Book and Stationery Warehouse. ToTTBto?- SouT"-- " " """ A NEAT four rooh Cottage at New Town, adjoining tie residence of J H. Patteraon, Erq,, there is i Two-stall Stable on the premises, also a large yard in the rear,' and sufficient apace in float for a garden. J The above will beletot advantageous term's to nn inproviDg tenant. Apply to Mr. Holmes, at the Book and Stationary Warehouse Collina- street. j - To be X.et, for each Term en xaax bo agreea on, and immediate poaaeaaion Btven, THAT large, oomraotiious, and cen- trlcnlly sit, a. M .itMllFl, with office and dwelling lousr- ,onpr:te the Melbourne Ciu i, lately ocrnpit.' „y Willinu Weatgarth.i Esq. The elm- it 60 fee1- by 26, with loft abce, six feet hieh, r.al rtluchcd are n two- uta led stable, h,y loir., and consraient ahedip altr.gellirr coiroiiii.-tg i rr.js, e.igibla place tor busti.esaanrf c com'oitable residence. For further pat lie. . ta apply, at 'tbe Countinr- house of JAMES GRAHAM. huBsell-Etree. , .'urn IS, 1841. A Farm to (,et i .i a Clearliig trinae, CONSIST ING of about firty acras rf excellent noil, not heavily Umbered, an excellent hack i on arid right of ynxd ta walei on IheDarebin tYeet. A five or seven years lease will be given! requiring certain yearly improiemeuu oplr . Arrangom Ms can also be made b ran herd ol very ai.pc- rior Dairy Cows, at . inqdi-iate rent. Aoply to Mr. A. Arden, lliib y Ds c, Doubiu Creek. 1 June 2, 1841. 'I'D LET in Hie bt;;imi':ng of August, t vro Shuoi ana Buck It .eme.iits, .'tuateii in Tlirtbetb-itrr' t, ai-'i ow occupied ,iy Mr Caihmure, (T-thim, end ieiira Haye hi Co, Tailor,. Enquire "of MR. POWER. To hi Lo- or Bold- 1)pvyx tlouis and Allot'. id»it. f il IT ct mfortabi.' tirid conve: ienk » H-j;« latelv occupied' by hrsH.toor the JuJei, adjoining the iiransiin of Georg-e Po'iei, ISiq, coniainina I xl ,nd a itir-roon, li. hoot, end two bed ror or . A enn .titent cc- lached kitcbcD with str.bbog, ' -.c., IM property s rielighfuliy o.tuatee! on the rot ot H'.r Jiill, o l roruniandf «. vie-, ll « house is ready sor iht iruirrdi; leivejKtuo <>; i ei.- tti1. fami'y. Fartbef jifii licttVl, ( :rtU|j AtOp, o.» apc caliou lo MR. HONNI LL, ' A uclion Coropanv's Rooniif j 13th July. 4 i , Notice to Market Gardeners ted. flautw . EVERAL weH-sheheredsppta «if ;firet> rate soil, abundantly aupplfed 1 on the estate ar Moreland to be let on lease of aeven year. ' Also a istnall Farm." Theae landa are free from Timber or '.istouea, ! and kpady for the plungli or apaia. Apply to JAMES TORNBULL, Moreland, Moonee Moonee Pooda, tbtbesiUee and n half from Melbo'urne..- To Uiftet Garden era and xxUxsrs. , TO LET, for three or. toon years, a GARDEN of one acre and. bklf,Uluate about a mile from TVttt UelbDUme.-eo'd «B- joining the township of East Melbourne, The proprietor would have no objection to build a small cottage on Ihe ground, if required. XLSO, TO LET FOR TBRBlt FBkM,y ' Two acres io Subnrban 80, Apply at the Gszctte Office. To bet, v Withmfneclhite possession?- THAT; MesBuagn or Tenement aud' Premises aituate in Flinders. lane, lately ic lVe occupation of Mr; J, W. Shaw. Eur" terms apply to \ Messrs. GARRINGTON 8c CLAY \ Solicitors, Collins-lana To Let wttb immediate Possession. qpIIOSE Premises In Queea-atreet,. lately occapied by Mr. . F» Piltaian, coifiprisiog a commodious Office and Store, -with a Shed at the back, Und a Stable. Apply to Mr. Baskerville, Agent, Little Elinden. street. To Bakern, Ogocer. and others. IO LET, those eligibly situated pre mises in Eliubeth-street, Ta'ely in the ocbupation of 81r. Fiiizel. Also, tbe ad join - ing Shop and Premises For terms, Arc... ap- ply.to I P. W. WELSH fc.CO. July 0, 1841. < To tie Let, TpWO convenient Offices, in a central situation. Apply to i JOHN BULLEN & CO. Elizabeth -street, June 6. Dealmtsle Family Bealdenoc at NawTpVra. rJXJ BE LET, the above, containiog elegant and spacious pailours communi cating by folding doora, three commodious bed-rooms, kitchen, 8rc- Terms moderate. For particulars apply to WATSON & WIGHT. Melbourne, July16,T841. \ Fnrnlatied Lodgings. A JEATLY Furnirited Iloom to L«t inQueen-atreet, with or without board, in a moit healthful situation. Application at. the Gazette Office. BODHAX&II; XtOdginf- A FEW respectable mechanics can ba J accommodated with comfortable Board and Lodging, on application at ihe Elaphau( and Ckatle, llourke-line. To small Farmers, Gardeners, and ttie | indnatrlons of all class as. To be Let for a Term of Years, CEVERAL FARMS of five, ten, and filteen acres, ejUiayed yit Ihe Village of Pentridge, about five miles from Towd, natoially clear from stooe and timber, and fit for the plough or spade without any expense. Applyiat tl>e Gazette Office. \ To Let or Eell, , A NEAT four room Verandah Brick - Cottage at New Town. Oo the premises is tialf a quarter of an acre of land -dug up. ana partially laid out for a garden, surrounded by In excellent close fence, Tltere Is likewiie a strong well planted stockyard with bails, calf pens, ike , complete. Appllt to \ C. VAUGHAN, \ At Mr. Purves, (lollmi-slreet. . Melbotkne, lat Joue, 3841, \ To npHE \ desirable PremiseE /on tha Qurea'a Wharf, now in tl poasesiion of Meaira.yhomas Entcoe, andAamea, (who are lemovinV to their new stiues iu Queen- e'reet). F& parflculara ap«ffy to Messrs. Dcaue and O'Cock, or 10 Thomas, Entcoe, Is : Jamea The ' preumei coaaAt of Office, aod three Stores. ' / For Bala' or Hire, yHE cel-brrtpd He- cfordshirc 5u" " .Lolusr" whose snp-vnir si-nk tv.. now ba shown ; te n parfcil x tl.t Mielv Dr - cause his owner aaptsLt dn y a -hii.gt; of blood 1 " m EngisuL Ilso. The c :leb:ated gre V aho " Aritbis," wilh » foal 1 even nionlhi pid fvy i'si sida, and to foal agsbi in Octobei. l' St-e is oaq of the 1 '.'it „ fcnceis n. tbe colony;' >:id her power, 1 eodiuence elxoit rrudcklirs, calculated I 1 carry about 1m stoua. Appy to M , G. Arden. rt>ENDERS required for terealit.g » Roman Csthoifc Chapel In Melbourne, acqordirg to pious vhicli are open for iispe.-- tioa at the Her. I. B, Geoghegan'e it-iiien e. ten,. era to ba aetu in or, or before die IC-h duty, 1841. NOtlep Bnpa. tr Sisnp an, Po'-iet df-roi'ifrgfi; ||IS HONOR the Readout. Jndga having re veis-6 hu lecree ir. this irauet, 'h$ ynilejitgned u at HLilv tu practice i>» forms !«, «« ah /itlot.iuy, wi Mciioc# and of the Supine Conn, : j-J rpHUtofx thoee dieritn '-uo lure Ckjtf Vsi (o nlk cere ftill c»:l -Yt fn officlliat Ihe f t - mty be ta e;: tLjrr";;,.' J. \V. lUURO'i?. IStI, July, 1 841 , Fire Found Kearwfli hLbv.? Revard wili hi ,ly lo any psiaon vlfeh nifbr!!' tiou, Ri iviJl leadni tl'u di;ct -vsry of thf py | tea, whena M on Jay Iwt, altt-njpUX) Vjloho# 'h?!!1 way thruuh my property .. j r_ re ek, aj»d t s&ulied; tlk jiht ftrio. F| by whom j jicribed a. i |ir asiiajhj grp, dra«ra by a tiAiuiar :>lr, Du Ron's Faltn <» : Y W. F. UCKpfili M Meni -Til . Ji'iy 1 -. .. . - 