JOB PRINTING Of (tut description, lnclndlxix.lixw Forxna, Cstrda, Circulars, SUt Heada, Poatta and AuCtloneera' Btlla, JkWCKATBLT 1MD BXFBDIWOCM, BXSCUTBD iT TH» OAZBTTB OBNSKAIi FRIWTING OFFICE, Cetlbm-rtrntj AX u Iowa Tale aa any Office In Melbourne, ahelhci It he a rem tine rating price, or FOR KOTHlH$, Melbourne and WUlluni Town H G STEAMER yMRlTT I FAIRY QUEEN. will rommenre running daily on 6UBjjy|Jb Thursday next, the 8lh Imlenl, (Sundays not excepted, _) from Manlon St Co'a Floating JeHy, orpn»lte the Custom bouse, at tlie undermentioned huura t— , Melbourne tp a. m. ; Williams Town, S p. m. Fares Cabin, 3s. Cd. ; Deck 2s. 6cl. Freight, as per agreement. For Zaaunceaton Direct. . rWfJL tjHE regular trading bri- j&Bg;&f; WILL C H. WBjiLttit Herding, commander, (Hourly ex peCted from the above port,) shd will za:l again four jlqya gfter prrival, This ves- eel present! a favourable opportunity for pas- aengera, -her accommodations being very superior, and the character of the Cap taut wall knowo, For freight or passage, apply lo . E, M. 8AYERS. : "or London. , Vv npHE first class remark. ably fair sailing brig ?FO tout, .4 Drydfri, Com- mander. Tbii vessel has her dead weight on board, and rtnoit of her wool engaged, will meet with quick datpalcb' . For freight or passage (ber accom modations being very superior) apply to James cain. ,.. WERE BROTHERS b CO , or BTRACHAN & CO. Fublle Meeting. rj-HE PUBLIC MEETING ad vertiaed to take picg bu'Wfadnoday last, at the Auc tion Company's JUsBau.has been adjourned so VMS PAY, at pne o'clock, when the same will be held at the Long Room of Davia'a Exchange. G. ARDEN, Hon. See, Te the Inhabitant end Settlor of , the Frounce, WEDDLEMI8S & RICHARDSON, Coach Buildertand 4 pri cultural Implement Makers, TiFG motL respectfully fo inform the jjwblio ie general, tint they have laken the business lately carried on hy Nr. lirowo, situated in Lonsdale atreet, and hope by strirt attention to business, to merit a continuance ot the patronage SO liberally beatowed upon their predecessor. M. & It. have j ml received, fix Ben area, and have npw on sale, some very inperior lashlonkhle Gigs, p hsndsom light null Phseton. a handsome ivyny Gig suitable or gsmgll Tipior, a ipleiijjd T widens Cart, a variety oj light Spring Cprii, and a large aaaprtment of Rainess and Naddlery «f I he beat description. W. L ft1 hare a'ao received a large quantity of Coarh making materials, which will enable them, to execute orders id a b aoner equal to what may; be done In lb mother Country. Drays, ScotchCirts, Ploughs, and all kinds of Agrjepllursl Impemenls always in readioeu. Notjpe to tire Purchasers of Laud In Bsbur- ' ban a 84, 08, and 67, MR. TBDRLOW JS ready .p prepare and execute Convey. bct W.khft Allotment! in the abpveuhur. was, on Jmmfguate, application at bia office, EBisbeih .street, Melbourne. Dstefl this let dsy«fjuly,:iBdl. THIE Undersigned beg leave (o intimate that be ia now prepared to abfas i t , Accountant to Insolvent or Ttusl Estates, in addition to hta tW ertiug aa ;®Wp, CommVMlotkj nd Qua torn Hotue Hli Officer for the prenent we at ibe Slorei of Hifid & Co# Uvietquire, JOHN H. M'CABE. ...... . , ®»L"»baBiBil,typxvtaUa.i B__„ JORV, WjfcOCH I u ?i Jnfprm his Friends and the' 'o . < .V'® . wai ,hc hBa Ukeq'ihW eiteouvei remuea, Isly" uqirp|ed bv Jlr. Rblifclfipn',' iil Commiaalofl «qd L)W Siablea , where behopea. .fe-bKMIentloh to the Horetanlaeed fnhia cane,' re ' puMlfi' sppburt;'- t" WmSIEotm' . ' V l' ' ' THE Undersigned begs lo intimate to the . Public, that be has cojnroerjped ijusipesi si General Agenl, and trusts from .strict attention lo obtain a ahare of patronage. ; T. BANDFiELD. Office at the Stores of Mr. F. J, Houghloa, Wharf . - . ; . Melbourne, June J, J8 If Oommardal Inn, PmLiLIP ANDERSON BEGS to inform , his. Friends and the Public, that he hsa tsken the prBrtsises lately occupied by Mr. M-Nall in Collinntreet, and having -obtained a Lioenra for the same, pur- poiri opening the House on (he lit-ol July, In first rata Stylo. To up.couatry geotlemen and Settlers, the openlng ofthll House will be Tound to be of decided ad. vantage, as tbe Proprietor is determined that his House shall possess more comfort than any ether Establishment in Town, very great care having been taken ift fitting these Important parte, ' The Bed Booms, which for elegsnce end comfort cannot be sur- pxtaed In the culony. J 11 P A having aecured a very superior Slock bf Wines and spirits for cash, flatters himself lo be able to aell considerably under thh present Melboumb PrtCSs I The Stabling to tbe utablishment is Grit rale, and hasaia|ile accommodation for tFwenty-Torur Horses. ' Phillip Anderton, feels confident that Ifk'tten tion to business, moderation in ihargei, and the nudy ol hiB guests' comfort, will ensure a shsre of public favor; all those requisites will be fuuodat Tin CoamercUl Imu In order to supply hn customers st the losvest possible rate, P. A. has determined upon giving no credit whatever. . . Lares and extensive Cattle Yards, entrance from Flinder'i Lane.' Beyraour'ss Flatly Hotel. . 'T'HE undersigned begs leave to. inform hiB frieodaand thai public generally especially bia country friends,) that lit intends opening on the lit or August, as a Family Hotel, the large and commudious home lately the residence of Charles Howard, Esq , Assistant Commissary General, Lonidale-itreel, which he'-diasliithertu carried on ««« lespectshla Boarding Hawe, -i . - The premiaei'tre extentlve.Snd cannot be sur- paned in beauty of situation by any other in Melbourne, The wine, spirit!, and malt liquors will be of (he first quality, and every attention will be paid lo the comfoti and -conyenkust Uf those who eti favour Jbim wi'ii their pitipnage. Stabling of the first deacriplioc vjll .be provide, and yarda for the accommodation q4 bullock tea ma. J. W. SEYMOUR. STR aCH AN & CO., Melbourne, having determined xo relinquish the ntail business from this date, beg to offer fur sale- ffie whule of their preienl .stock. To insure sndmmediale sale, they offer to diapose of it at prion nooside- rably under its import yalpe, pnd on tbe following terms, via. — i . " Purchases to the amount pf £25, thr« months' bill i ditto from A25 and tinda £100, four months; pitto fiom £lO0.apd abQvy, mignoolhs bill. ' The stock will be opep for asle at AheitStorgi in William-street, Me|pourpe, fill Is; Augua next. , , Melbourne, 1st July, 1641, Victoria Houaa. - 1ifl CASHMpRE & CO„;hayp -just -i'Ae received, .Jarpp'i, and other Isle sr- riraa/ a; JarRe, aasortrqept pf well jmlqcfed and fashionable Winter Goods, ooqaiating. ql Satile, Fox, Ermine. Lynx, Martin, anil Swanadovn Ross, and Rulft; rich. plain, wrateted.-figu si and shot Si'.ka and Satioi ; Myillju dp.Laint ; Chillies, MetinOa, and" Sfexoiijr Clblhi; Nili Vejvet, Norwich T».I)led and Fancy Shawls Manlillai. Collars, sbd Habjt Shi r ti ; .rlath'sot fancy Ribbons, ditto Si IV and Rid Glovefiiuscat Bonne't all stxea. Artificial lJpwera ; ' 4 apd.fi 4thi white , and unbleached Sheetipes, hhj Tungs be.; Silk, Sslin, Blond, ind Gauze scaVft jiriscl arid white Blond Lsce Edgings, and Quillings Fur, Lasting and Cloth Boots j Children's Sti uea. Gentlemen's superior Dress and Frock Costs Rich 5ilk£atlu and Velvet Vesta, Ac., Ac. BAncatloa, MRS. KIRKLAND proposes opening a Seminary for young Ladies at her resi dence, nearly opposite Mr Montgomery's New Town, on Monday the 19th July, 1841, for a few boarders and a limited number of day scholars. Terms may be known on application to Mrs Kirkland. Ladies' Seminary THE Duties of Miss Blackmore's School will be resumed on Monday, July 12. N.B.— After the Vacation Miss Blackmore intends giving lessons in Drawing twice a week on Thursdays and Saturdays. To Shoemakers and Others. fTpflETUndergiKpedAf0 phpttt opepiqg a . Leather CuUef-i,.shop, rveaf door to Mr. Goodwin's House in E ikafieth street, on Monday next, the 12th 'instant, ahd hape that by keeping good msteriali and leiliog'at moderate prloea, to merit thd patronkgeof the public, Matin. H aod Cs havt'a itoek bf Hair en hindforplaflrtert. i invoices for bale, I EX " ANNA' SOPHIA," TOBACCO, Btnall fig, very superior Rum Brandy, pale .' 1 Ditto pale Cognac, in one doxau cues Geneva, ditto Port 'Wine, in cases Sherry ditto dittn Madeira, in hogsheads and quarter cuka . Weitpbalia Hams Pigy, Elema Dantxic Deals Thirty caies glata Oatmeal Refioed Sugar Porter, in hngaheadi Bottled Ale and Porlet Slops Hata Stationery Blanket! Salt Ginger Bear Battles Pipes, not ScofeA Rartheowara Pickles Mustard Fork Hams Cod Fish Hollon Ware Iron Pota Pans and Kettles Oaia Window Sashes and Frsmei Doors, v.rious sorts Saab Weights Straw Bonneta) . , , , . , Ditto trimmed \ fl,hloD» Naila. CAMPBELL & WOOLLEY. Beed Wheat. NOW on eale, at the stores of the ubder- aigned, from one thousand tp two thousand bushels Seed Wheat, grown at Cariaruhe; Mount Macedon, Also, a small quantity of Knight's Imperial Seed Peas, and lew bushels of Barley, and Dwarf Sped Peas. CRAIG & BR0ADF00T. THE Undersigned Are inatrucied to dia pose of by .private contract,. A firatata .hard of Cattle, juat arrived (rum the Alurrumbidgee, consialine of — One hundred broken-lu Dairy Cowa, many with young calves at feet One hundred large Bullocks Two hundred mixed Heifeia and Steers The Cattle can be seen alter the 25th imtant, 00 application at the residence of Mr. George Langhorne, on the Yarra river. They will be sold at a herd, or in lots to suit dairymen and others. LANGHORNE BROTHERS, Williami Town and Melbourne. p0R SALE fiy tbe underaigued, on the mutt liberal terms. iOO head of Cattle, conaistiq; of Cows, — a good many broken in to bale, principally from three to five years old. A good proportion of Bullocks, from three to four years old. Steers aod Heifers, all good and very quiet Cattle 1 Durham Bull, rising five veara t, Durham Bull, rising two jean 1 Aged Maie, 10 years old . 1 Mare 7 ditto I Ditto S ditto 1 Ditto 6 ditto 3 Mares 4 ditto 3 Ditto 3 -ditto 10 Msves, two byuken in to. harness, and five to saddle 2 Fillies broken in to saddle I 2 Ditto unbroken 3 Colli, rising two years old I I Large draught Horse, rising file jesri old ' 7 Coitaaud Fillie'( rising one year old 1 I Entire Horse, rjying four yeara old ARTHUR KEMMIS & CO. i — GOODS Warehoused on moderate terms it the stores of the undersigned, close tc i tbe Queen's Whsrf. ARTHUR KEMAIJS & CO. Lsq ls|, ex Eexsrei, 1 fkNE caBk SHEFFIELD CUTLERY " One case Fc .ders '' One cstk Teskelt es, Saucepans &c.;, Ac,, ' Twenty nine Burr Stones, one Milt Stone ', Nineteen Iron Plougbi with apparatus complete Two casks Iron Boilers, with Furnace door and Gratings Three pain Cart Wheels and Axlea Five casks Preserved Meata (Moir and Son, , Aberdeen) 1 W. WESTGARTH. Opposite the.Ciub Houae. Melbourne 11th Jane 1841 For Bale, ONE Hundred aod fifty kega of Colohial Tobacco. J. ROACH. fob savb , a WOODEN Stbre, Opce, and Stablea, in Elisibeth-attWI, Adjoining ihe jremiaei 01 (he updersigued. ' J. ROACH. For Bale, I A SUPERIOR gram) Cabinet Pianoforte | t and Music Stool, now lauding, ex Catherine, from London, pan he seen at Ibe Office of the 1 undersigned, in Elizabeth-street. J. ROACH. GOODS of every de6rriptioo war houaed on reaauoable terms ' J. RO ACH , Elizabeth and Little Flinders-streets rIHE Undersigned have on hand, and' for sale at tlieir Stores 5u Lillle Collins-street : — Superior B andy in quarter casks and hogsheads "Sherries," Port, Claret, Champagne, and Bstsac ' Ales and Potter in buttle,' all of a very superior quality, being the surplus stores ofth" steamer Corjiiir, and laid in expressly lor private use Ales and Porter in hogsheads Gin in cases of two gallons Ironmongery assorted Batten and Shingle Nails Manufactured Goods in great variety Single and double barrelled Fowling, pieces Pork and Beef Cooking Apparatus Superior V. D- Land Oaten Hay,&c; . Ate. PULLAR, BROTHERS A PORTER. Melbourne, Gth July, 1841, On Sale, at the Stores af the Undersigned. BASS' STRONG AND PALE ALP Porter in draught and bottle Superior Wlnea Liverpool A'alt Flour Jama Water Filters, figured sad plain Grass Seeds J. BASKERV1LLE. Little Flinders street and t Queen street. S For Sale ex ir Traganini, amd Paul Pry." IIWELVE Thousand feet TIMBER Sixty ditto Shlnglta Twenty ditto Laths Thirty-one bags fine Flour Thirty balci Hay One hundred and thirty pieces Free Stone Sixty bagB Oata Ninety ditto B;an. . , , O. WILLIAMS, Wharf. June 22. To be Gold Privately, SIXTY Head of mixed Dairy Herd of very superioi quality, perfectly quiet, a large proportion of them Cowa and Heifeia, Terma liberal. Apply lo CHARLES WILLIAMSON & CO. CoIIin'-Btreet. Melbourne. 1 S2nd June, 1841. I N.B. — Tbe above are running witbjn five milei of Melbpurne. For Sale or Hire, GPHE celebrated Hereforshire Bull " Lo- . tua,' whose superior stuck can now be 6hown ; he ii parted with solely because hie owner expects daily a change of blood from England, ALSO, The celebrated grey Mare " Arabia," with a foal sevgn months old by her ride, and to foal again in October. She ia one of the beit feneetS in the colony, and her powers of endurance almoit matchfeas, calculated to carry about tea atone. App yro Mr. G. Arden. To Stockholders. CiQR sale Eight Young Bulla, Durham \- and Hcretord breed, and may be seen at | Mr. BUckinore'a cattle yards, Fiinders- itreet. Apply to A. M'LACHLAN. To the nBtrly arrived Immigrant, GATTLB AND HUN. GTO BE SOLD, a mixed herd of three hundred and twenty prime Cattle, one hundred and fifty of which are Cows. Also, the Cattle Ststion, on the banks of a beaulifol river were there is ebundince of water ell ine year : round ; distant about one hundred and thirty , milea from Melbourne. There ia a comfortable Hut, containing five rooms, Stoc dock, &o.;, and twelve acrea of wheat are now under cultivation, also two hulafor stockmen and servants, immediate poaaeasion may be had. — Apply to MESSRS. M ANTON & CO. . Steam Mills and Stores, Wharf, Melbourne. One hundred superior Merino Rama for aale, ' rIMIE above are a very superior desarip- JL tinp of Stock, Hnd well worthy the attention of parties deslious of improving their breed. For the convenience or purchasers, the Rams maybe inspected morning and evening on the premises of MANTON & CO. Wharf. ' 6,000 Eheep for Bale. FIVE THOUSAND Superior Woolled Sheep, warranted clean, for sale, the greater .Dumber of which will lamb in. Sep tember. A'so, Riims of the followingeuperfor breed, viz. Dr. Wilson's. Captain CoghlU's, Dr. Reldh ' Thompson's and Cunningham's. For terms whicfe " liberal and other particnla-s, amply is : ; MANTON k CO. Beed Potatoes. rfHE Undersigned is ready to tregt with Agriculturists to supply them '-wiiti very. carefully picked end pure'aorls uf the fot- 1 lowing approved kinds of Potatoes group oh' hia farm, viz- Pink Eyes and the Black or43rdivn"s River Potatoes. ApolMo ' : -t JAME6 TURNBULL, Mofelaod, Moouea MooneS Fonda, eh reemileiadd a half from Melbourne. JXN Sale by the undersigaed, ex'Cerbline, from London Gennesse "Feed Wheat Danish Oats and Barley ' . . Parlies requiring the same are reqiMsted 'to ap ply immediately, there "being only a smaHquap- tityol each to dispose of, ' r A. ANJDREW. Work on Anatvalla Fella. rPHREE or four Copies of ; fkrden'a \- Lateal lafornsalion wiih ivgard to Austra lia Felix," &c.; remaining unsold, parljes.de- airous ol forwarding the same to England, pe Adelaide, ark requested lo make early application ta the Gazette Office, Collins-street. Mr. Reeves' Weekly Shipping and Trade List. SUBSCRIBERS to the above, deirous bf sending home information to' ihcir "coi- . respondents by the Adelaide, tosailip about>a torlnigbl, may be supplied with extra copies leptn the ueginniog at sixpence each, oqu- sjubsciibeis will be charged one shilling. Melbourne June 25, 1841. P 0 11 Sale by Private Contract, tits following valuable end -well brad mab of Cattle. SSG Cows, three years uld upwards - 12 Heifera 81 Cowa, (Beef) 110 Bullocks 48 Three year old Steera 22 Two ditto ditto 69 Cairo over six months 578 head The above Stack is very highly breJ, and. will be sold on most liberal terms, say a credit of-six, nine, twelve, and fifteen months. For further particulars, apply so ' Mr._ Power, 'AuottoaBef Queen-street, For Beds. JIX superior Bulls of lbs Durham breed, most ol which are two years old. ' The owner has no objection to part with them in exchange for others, provided they meet with hia approbation. Apply to J. M. CLOW. Dendeoong Creek, SO, h June. 1841. On sale by the XTnderalgiied, FIVE hundred two, four, and Bix tooth very superior Ewes, perfectly clean Broad and narrow Fating Hurdles Lime always on hand, T. BANDFIELD. Opportunity lor Stockholders. r 1 H E Undersigned has been honored with instructions to exchanee valuable build ings and Land in Melbourne, Land at New Town, and on the Merri Creek, and waterside Allotments at Williami Town, for block, Goods, or Shipping. JOHN H. APCABE. Temporary Office at Messrs. i Hind 8r Co.'s Stores. ( Valuable Allotment rJ7HREE Quarters of an Acre of Land fronting on the main Road, adjoining the residence of Mr, G, Caveoagh, ta be exchanged for Stock. Apply to JOHN H. M'CABE. Temporary Office at Mewt. ) HiodfvCo.'a Stores . ( ' Mixed Herd. TH E Undersigned has on , sale, about 66 Head or Cattle, Now running within five miles of Melbourne, consisting ol- — Milking Cowa Heifers, noweslviog 2 and 3-year old Steers. JOHN H. M'CABE r 1 1I E Undersigned requests that all rlaims spalnst the firm ot M'Cabe & Co may be sent to his present offices at the stokes of Messrs Hind & Cn.'lor adjustment, and all pert- sons are hereby informed that payment of all accounts due lo the firm will be peremptorily enforced. JOHN H.MCABE. June 28th, 1811. fJ1HE undersigned lias been authorised by a gentleman having room on his run for from .two to four hundred head of cattle, lo treat with parties desirous ol giving out that number ou terms. JAMES GRAHAM. Russell-slreet, 9th June. 1 " FOR BALIS,' A RENTAL of j£ps 0 per annum ip Melbourne. £1.000 of te purchase qgonyy maytemaiu for four yeara at 12(per ceut. Apply t0 WILLJAM MEEK. 