mm H1LUSE1E, DRAFT BILL FOR THE DISPO SAL OF CROWN LANDS IN THE AUSTRALIAN COLONIES. Ihe preamble declares that it is expe dient that, an uniform system of disposing of the whole waste lauds in the Austra lian Colonies should he established, -ac cording to certain regulations specified in the proposed Act. The 2nd clause pro tects all ivaste lauds in the Australian Colonies from alienation, except by way of sale : the 3rd clause excepts lands re quired for public uses, such, for example, > ££ as may be required for public roads or other internal communicrtions, whether by land or water, or for the use or be nefit of the aboriginal inhabitants of the .country, or for purposes of military de fence, or as the sites of places of worship, schools, or other public buildings, or as places for the interment of the dead, or places for the recreation and amusement of the inhabitants of any town or village, or as the sites of public quays or landing places oa the sea coast or shores of navi gable streams, or for any other purpose of public safety, convenience, health, or enjoyment". Clause 4 enacts that, except in reference to blocks of 20,090 acres of land, or upwards, no waste lands of the Crown, m any of the said colonies, shall lie sold or alienated unless pre viously surveyed ; and the clause 5 authorises the Governor for tlie time being of each of the said colonies to convoy tiio laud. Quarterly sales by auction. — Clause 6 enacts, ..4hat once-at least in each of . the four usual quart ters of the year, and on as many other occasions as to tlie Governor, for the time being, of any such colony shall seem meet, .there shall be holder, one or more public sales by auction of .the waste lands of the crown within such colony ; and that every such Governor shall, by .procla mation or proclamations., to be, from time to time, by him, for that purpose, made in manner hereinafter mentioned, declare with all practic able precision the times and the places at which such auctions will be holden, and what are the lands to be offered for sale at each of such auc tions, and what are the upset prices at which they will be offered for sale ; and it shall not be lawful for any such Governor to sell, or to cause ,io be sold, any such lands, unless they shall have been specified as about to bo offered for sale by such proclamation as aforesaid issued at seme time within three calendar months next preced ing the actual sate thereof. Distinction of Lots. — Clause 7 enacts, that in every such proclamation as aforesaid, the lands specified therein H3 about to he offered for sale shall bo distinguished into three separate classes, the first of which shall be described as town .lots, the second of which shall be described as subur ban lots, and the third of which shall be described as country lots ; and within the first of tlie said classes shall be comprised all lands situate within the limits of any existing town to be in that be half especially named and described by the Go vernor, or within any locality to he designated by tlie Governor as the site of any town to be thereon erected ; and within the second of the said classes shall be comprised all lands situate within the distance of five miles from the nearest point of any existing or contemplated town, un less in any ease the Governor for the time beinsr of any such Colony shall see fit to exclude any such last-mentioned lands from the said class on suburban lots, on the ground that they will not, in his judgment, derive any increased value from their vicinity to any such town; and within the third of the said classes shall be comprised all lands not comprised within the said first and second classes : provided, nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be con strued to extend to prevent the putting up for sale of lands of any one or more of the said classes, apart from lands of both or either of the other classes. Lowest .upsst price. — None of the waste lands of the crown shall bo sold at any such auction in any of the. said colonies, unless the sum of one pound, nt the. least for. each acre of such land-be then and there offered for the same, which sum of one pound per acre shall be the lowest upset price of any of the waste lands of the crown in any of the said colonies, but which lowest upset price shall be liable to bo from time to time raised in any such colony in manner hereinafter mentioned. Manner of raising lowest upset price. — It shall be lawful for the Governor of any such colony, at his discretion, by any suoli proclama tion or proclamations, as aforesaid, to raise the lowest upset price of the waste lands of the crown in any such colony ; and it shall he lawful for lier Majesty, by any instructions addressed to any such Governor, under her Majesty's signet and sign mauual, with the advice of her Majesty's Privy Council, either to raise the lowest upset price of the waste lands of the crown in any such colony, or to disallow and reduce back, either wholly or in part, any increase of the said upset price which, in exercise of the authority hereby vested in him, any such Governor may, in manner aforesaid, 'have made of the said upset price, by any such proclamation or proclama tions as aforesaid ; Provided always, That no such instructions, reducing the lowest upset price of land as raised by any such proclamation or proclamations shall he so issued as aforesaid by her Majesty after the lapse of six months from the receipt by one of her Majesty's princi pal Secretaries of State from such Governor of a transcript of any such proclamation. Special country lots, and town and suburban lots.— That in respect of any part not exceed ing one -tenth of the whole of tlie lands of the third class, for the first time offered for sale at any such auctions as aforesaid, it shall he lawful for any such Governor, Dy any such proclama tion or or proclamations as aforesaid, to name an upset price higher than the lowest upset price of waste lands in the Colony, and such excepted lands of the third class shall be designated as " Special County Lots and that in respect of any lot or lots consisting of lands, either of the first or of the second classes to he comprised in any such sales, it shall be lawful for the Gover n«ir, for the time being, to fix the upset price o any such lot or lots at any sum exceeding the lowest upset price of waste lands within the colony in which the same may be situated, and from time to time to raise or lower as to him may seem requisite for the public interest, the price of such lots, consisting of la nds of the first or the second class, so always that such upset price shall never he less than the lowest upset price of waste lands within the said colony. What lands may be sold otherwise th n by public auction. — No land comprised in, the said first or second classes shall be sold in any of the said colonies, otherwise than hv public auction ; but that any lands comprised in the third of the said classes shall and may be sold by the Governor for the time being of the colony witiiin which the same are situate, by private contract, if tlie same shall first have been put up to public auction in manner aforesaid, and shall not have been sold at such auction : Provided, That no such land shall be so sold by any such private contract for less than the upset price at. which the the same was last put up for sale by auction ; or if any bidding above that price was made for the same at such last preceding auction, then at less than the amount of such bidding, after deducting the amount of any deposit that may have been paid thereon : Provided also, That if between any two successive sales 1 y auction an | increase shall, in manner aforesa'd, have been ! made of .he upset price of lands, no la td affected | by such increase shall subsequently ho sold by | private contract, until af.er the same shall again have been put up to tale by auction at sucli in creased upset price. Purchase- money , when to be paid. — No waste lands of the Crown shall be sold in any such Colony by any such private contract as afore said, except for ready money, to b.e paid at tlie signing of such contract ; and that no waste lands of the Crown shall he sold at any such publip auction as aforesaid, unless en condition of paying at the time of the sale, in ready money, a deposit, the amount of which shall be fixed by any such proclamation or proclamations as afore said, at not less than one-tenth of the whole, nor unless the purchaser or purchasers shall eon- tract to pay the residue of such price, within one calendar month next after the time of such sale by auetion ; and shall further contract that, on failure of such paynient.the deposits shall be for feited, and that tho contract shall be thencefor ward null anil void. Colony may be divided into distinct Divisions for the sale of Lands. — That by any proclama tion or proclamations to be from time to time, for that purpose.issued by the Governor of any such Colony, in the manner hereinafter mentioned, it shall be lawful for him to divide such Colony for the purposes hereinafter mentioned, into any number of territorial divisions, not exceeding four ; .and for the purposes, and within the mean ing of this present Act, each of such territorial divisions shall be considered as a distinct and separate Colony, saving only that as regards the appropriation hereinafter directed, of a certain portion of the proceeds of sales of land to the in troduction of Emigrants from the United King dom it shall be sufficient th it such Emigrants be introduced into any part of the entire Colony, without reference to the Territorial Division in which such proceeds of sales may have accrued : And provided always, that it shall be lawful for her Majesty, by any instructions to be issued by h r Majesty in manner before mentioned, to dis allow and annul any such proclamation or pro clamations ; provided that such instruction be issued within six calendar months next, after tl.e receipt by ono of her Majesty's principal Secre taries of State, from such Governor of tie transcript- of such proclamation ; provided also, that such instructions shall take effect within the said Colony, upon the receipt thereof by the said Governor, and not before. Conditions on iuhich b'oeks of land may be sold. — That if any person or persons shall ofter to purchase from the Governor of any such Colony by private contract any block of unsur- veyed land, comprising twenty thousand acres OR more, find form in cr. as nonviv thn iinfntvil landmarks of the country will admit, a parallelo gram, of which, no one side shall bo more than twice the length of any other side, it shall be lawful for the Governor, by any such private contract., to effect any such sale on such terms and conditions as to him shall seem meet : provided, that such. lands be root sold for less than the lowest upset price of lands per acre in the .Colon-' in which the same maybe situated ; and provided, that the purchaser or purchasers of any such lands shall not be entitled to any survey thereof, except so far as may be neces sary to ascertain the external marks and bounds thereof. Payments in the United Kingdom for land in the Colonies. — And whereas, it may be conve nient that means should be provided for the pay ment within the United Kingdom of the pur chase money of waste lands of the crown within the said colonies ; and, whereas, by. a warrant under her ?»lajesty's sign manual, bearing date the 10th day of January, 1S40, her Majesty was pleased to appoint certain persons therein named to be, during her Majesty's pleasure, commis sioners in the United Kingdom, for the sale of waste lands of the crown in her Majesty's colo nies, and for superintending the emigration of her Majesty's subjects to such colonies ; be it therefore enacted, that if any person or persons shall pay for the purchase of waste lands of the crown in any of her Majesty's Australian colo nies, any sum or sums of money, to the commis sioners of her Majesty's treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or to any person or persons to be appointed by the said commissioners of her Majesty's treasury, or any three of them, to receive the same, the said commissioners of colonial lands and emi gration, for the time, being, are hereby autho rised and required, subject to such rales as shall be prescribed for their guidance in that respect, by the commissioners of her Majesty's treasury, to grant, under their hands and seal of office, uci UHLutV/O bU ttuj ouLU pat uaoci ui (/UlUlldhcla of the amount of any such payments, which certificates shall, on production thereof to the Governor for the time being of any such colony, be received by him as equivalent to the amount of money for which the same shall respectively be given, so far, and only so far, as the same may be tendored to such Governor in payment for the price of any waste lands of the crown, to be there purchased, either at public auction or by private contract, iu tho manner and subject to the regulations by this Act prescribed, in respect of such purchasers. Pasture and Timber licenses. — Nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the Governor of any of the said colonies from granting to any . person or persD ns a license for tlie -'occupation for an f t ime not exceeding twelve calendar months from tho date thereof, of any waste lands of tho crown in any such colony, or a license for felling, removing and selling the timber growing on any such lauds. Expenses of Survey, Spc. — All charges which shall he incurred, in any of the Australian Colo nies, for the expense of the survey and manage ment of the waste lands of the Crown therein, or for effecting such sales by auction or by pri vate contract-, or otherwise in carrying into effect the provisions of this present Act within any such colony, shall, in. the first instance, he chargeable upon and defrayed from the proceeds of sales of waste lands, unless provision shall otherwise be made for defraying such charges by any law or ordinance to be. enacted by tho local legislature of any such colony. One h'df of net proceeds of land sales to be appropriated to Emigration. — And be it enacted, that, subject to the charge above mentioned, one equal haipart, at the least, of the proceeds of the sales of the waste lands of the crown in each of tlie said colonics shall be. and the same is hereby appropriated towards defraying the expense of the, removal from the United Kingdom to the Colony wherein such revenue accrued, of emi grants not possessing the means of defraying tho expense of their own emigration thither, which money shall be expended by the Commissioners of Iler Majesty's- Treasury, or by such person or persons as shall be authorized by tliem to ex pend 4the same, but subject to such regulations regarding the selection of emigrants, the means to be provided for their conveyance, and their superintendence during the voyage to the colony to which they are destined, and for their recep tion and- settlement in that colony, as shall, from time to time, be prescribed by Her Majesty in her Vrivy Council, or through one of Her Ma jesty's principal Secretaries of State to the Governor of such respective Colonies, and to the Commissi >ners,for the time being, of Colonial Lauds and migration. Clause 20 protects all rights under existing contracts, Commencement of the. operation of the Act. — This Act shall take Effect and have the force ot law 111 each of the Australian Colonies from the tlav of the receipt of a copy thereof by the Governor of such C olonv, which day such Governor shall certify and make known to the inhabitants of such Colony by a proclama tion. to be by him for that purpose forthwith issued. Definition. — The words "Australian Colon ies," as employed in this act, are intended to describe the colonies of New South V ales, Van Piemen's Land, outh Australia, Western Aus tralia, and New Zealand, with their respective dependencies, as such colonies are now or shall hereafter be defined and limited, and also any other colonies which may hereafter he established within any of the existing limits of the said five colonies. Definition of the terms " Governor" " Pro clamation, and " Waste Lands." — Bo it en acted, that by the word " Governor," as employ ed in the present act, is intended and described the person who, for the time being, shall be law- fully administering the government- of any of the s iid colonics respectively ; and that the several proclamations which the Governors of the said respective colonies arc hereby authorised to issue, shall be issued by him, under the public seal of tbc co'ony, and shall be made public in the most authentic and formal manner in use in any such colony ; and that by the words " waste larids of the Crown," as used in the present act, are intended and described any lands situate therein, and which now arc, or shall hereafter be. vested in her Majesty, her heirs and success ors. and which have not been already granted or contracted to be granted to any person or per sons in fee simple, or for an estate of freehold, or for a term of years and which have not been I dedicated and sot aparr. for some public use. I .Vote. — The words printed in italics are pro- 1 posed to be inserted in the Committee. From tlic Evening Chronicle, April' 20. EMIGRATION. In reply to questions from Mr. M. Stewart, Lo' d Stanley said that the first question of the honourable gentleman was, whether there was not at the present ti ne, a great demand in the colo nies of Great Britain for extensive, employment of a large number of emigrants. He would put the West India colonies out of consideration al- aa iuo I|ULSIIUU vu uuiiatuci luicticu HI Australia and the colonics in North America. Thr circumstances of these colonies were different. In one case, for the last few years, a considerable part of the produce of the sale of land had been spi 1 ed to the purposes of immigration, which had principally been under the superintendence of the g,»vo ameut. His noble friend who bad preceded bini m ihe Colonial Office knew that there had been abnu" 40,000 emigrants sent out in 1840, at a cut of about £8CU.t)U0 or .£90 i.OOO During the last y ar. thr' acual amount of emigration to the colony of N- w South Wales had been 22 750. By the Dst accounts received from the governor it appea el that 12 750 emigrants had ariived. and that 10,000 more weie on tire road. These 12 750 had involved the colony in a debt of £11,000, and what must be the distress occasioned when thry found that Id. 00) more were corning out ? The governor stated that, at that time, there was jio demand for labour in the colony, but that, on the contrary, there existed the greatest d.fficuhy in providing l-diour for those emigrants who had recently arrived there. He (Lord Stanley) felt it to be his duty to m-dce. this statement thus publicly in order to show that, at pres.-nt. there was n< demand for labour in that colony, and that em - jgraiion could not be pushed beyond a certain point unless capital emigrated ;likewi>e, and i .capital did not emigrate, those who emigrated .without property would be exposed to greater dis -trers than they were in this country hear, hear He. did not mean to say that the present state of things in New South Wales was likely to be pe>- mauent. Oa the contrary, he believed it wou d ouiy be temporary ; that it arose from the cessa tion of the land sales, for some time past, which had ceased in. consequence of the commercial em barrassments of the colony. He brlieved that th<: (Colony would be able to absorb a continued stream .of emigration, provided they did not attempt to peur in too many emigrants at oucfi. It was the opinion of the governor of the colony that -the colony was capable of receiving annually from eiglu to tea thousand emigrants. The house would, however, -perceive, that to s<-.nd out twenty two thousand, more than double the number the colony w is capable of receiving, which had been the case in the last year, must inevitably oce ision great distress among those emigrating. With re spect to Van Diemen's Land, he had, at the pre sent moment at his e>mmaud a sum, the produce ofl ud sides in that colony, which micht be de voted to the purpos> s of -emigration. The colony was capable of absorbing about 1.5G0O emigrants annually, and that number had already emigrated thither in the cou se of the preseni year. Western Australia was a c< 1 ,ny of very limited capacity for receiving emigrants ; but without any am -bi ions views, it was going on very steadily and prosperously, under the discreet direction of the brother of ihe b mourable member for Hull, and demanded annually a supply of from 150 to 20 emigrants. Pieparations were already made for sending out that number in the course of the pre sent year. He need hardly say, that in conse quence of the disastrous state of South Australia, last year, ihe land s- les in that colony had, for the. present, aliogedir i- ceased. The last account that he received from South Australia informed him that in consequence of the cessation of the large government expenditure for public woiks, . the extravagance of which had ereatly con duced to produce the existing state of distress, so maty persons had been thrown out of employ ment, that out of a population of 15,000 sous. 1.2 JO were living as paupers, being maintained out of the public funds from want of employment. 'The colonies of New Zealand, he could hardly spt ; k of with the same confidence as those of Australia. Th>-re was, however, a sum of from £10,000 to 12,000 available for sending out emi- I grants to the government settlements in New I Z'aland; and- upon the whole, he thought, per- I baps, that the New Zealand settlements offered I a more probable field of employment for labourers than any of the other colonies iu that quarter of the giobe. 1 1 stating this, he wished to abstain I from expressing any opinion with respect to the I om untc mniMh oioia nnnui tha m an.ia.., rv-> n 4- I uv»»ii'iuvan-r' "uivu "v v uuuvi uiib UittU ,»> tUvUv v 1 the New Zealand Com, any, and with the internal economy of which he was not 60 well acquainted. He had reason, however, to believe that in thos. settlements the amount of immigrating labourers liad pretty nearly overtaken the amount of capital capable of affording them employment, and that the wages of labour, which a short time since were high, had now fallen very materially. So much, with respect to the Australian colonies and to the settlements in New Zealand. Iu the North Ameiican colonies the state of things was very different. The government had not at their dis posal any funds, nor ludthey power to raise any, and apply them to the purposes of emigration. He brl-eved, however, that the North American col mies did at this moment hold out very favom - able prospects to labouring emigrants. Last year 28,00;) labourers emigrated to North America, and although some of them passed rato the United States, he believed that the great portion found immediate employment in the British provinces. There were undouotedly cheering prospects lor the labouring classes in those colonies. But it was advisable that all who went there should go early in the spring, so as to get themselves com fortably setiled before the approach of winter. He (Lord Stanley) would further earnestly recom mend all those who intended to emigrate to North America, to take steps to place themselves under the advice and superintendence of the government agents at the ditfei exit ports at which I hey arrired ; for although the government agents were not em powered to render them any pecuniary assistance, they were capable of giving th=m the besi advice ss to the part of th« c-dony in which, for the time being, there was the greatest demand for labour, and where the immediate wants of the emigrants could be best supplied. lie repeated that it was mo>t advisable that all who intended to emigrate shoul-l go in the spring, in order to m.ik Snoie preparation to meet the rigour and severity of the Canadian winter. When he spoke of the advantages ot emigration to North America, he must fairly warn his honorable friend (Mr Stewart) that although the general coudition and prospects of the emigrants who went out last year was most favourable and satisfactory, yet that the class who sustained the greatest haidships and who were in fact the least successful, was th Jjass of weavers from Paisley and Glasgow, who had not b. 'en accustomed to labour out of doors. He did not mean to say that such persons would not -find employment in the colonies, if by th< assistance of their friends, or by contributions derived from private sources, they should be en i bled to emigrate; but still he must observe that that class of persons was not iik;ly to be '.be most valuable settler's, whilst from their previous habits they were more'l'iely to be exposed t difficulty and embarrassment. He begged pardon of the house f ir detaining it at so much length in merely replying to a question hear, hear ; but it appealed to him that the subject was exceed ingly important, and he was anxious that hir, views in respect to it should not be misunder stood. Hear, hear. COURT CIRCULAR. From the Evening Chronicle, April 29 The Queen and Prince Albert honoured the rehearsal of the Concert of Ancient Music, at the Hanover-squire Rooms, on Monday morning, wbh their presence. Her M-ijesty and his Royal Highiie-s were attended by the Viscountess Jocelyn, Viscount Sydney Mr. George Edward Anson, Majoi -General Wemyss, and Colonel Boaverie. Her Mijesty and Prince Albert, attended by th;Vi c miitess Jocelyn, Honourable Miss Lester, Viscount Sydney, M jor-General Werayss, and Colonel Bouverie, honoured the Havm«rket Th; atre with their presence on Monday evening Her VI .jesty took an airing in an op&n; carriage and four yesterday afternoon. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, attended by Colonel Bouverie, rode out on huraeb-ick at the same time. Si- Robert Peel had an audience yesterday of the Qaen. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, attended by Colonel Bouverie, were present yesterday afternoon at a meeting of the Commissioners for . Promoting the Fine Arts in tb.s re-building the Houses of Parliament. The Earl of Lincoln, and other commissioners, attended. Their Royal Highnesses the Princs of Wales and the Princess Royal, were taken an airing yesterday in the Royal Gardens of Buckingham Palace. Her Mnjesfy and Prince Albert, attended by the Vis -.o mi fess Jocelyn, lion. Miss Murray, Vi<count .Sydney, Major-General Wemyss, and Colonel Bouverie, honoured the Italian Opera House with their presence yesterday evening. The Duchess of Kent took an airing in a carriage yesterday. Her Royal Highness, attended by Lady Anne Maria Dawson, visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of G oucester, at Glouces ter-house, on Monday evening. Her Royal Highness the Dnchessof Cambridge, accompanied by tha Princesses Augusta and Mary of Cambridge, arriv d id town yesterday afternoon from Kew. The D.,ke of Cambridge visited the Duches3 of Gloucester at Gloucester-house. Her M jasiy will give a sumptuos banquet this evening to the Duke of Wellington, Earl of Westmoreland, Archbishop of York, Earl o? CiwJor, ani the Directors of the Ancient Concerts. We understand that is definitely arranged that h-r Majesty's next ball, which is to take place, according to present arrangements, on Thursday, the 12th of next month, is to be a fancy dies ball, on a scale of fx'raordinary splendour. Her M jetty the Queen and his Royal Highness Prinee Aibert have been graciously pleased to signify it as their intention to honour the grand ball for the benefit of the Spiiaifie.ds si k trad-, at the Italian Opera Hou-e, on the 26 :h of the ensuing mon'h. Tkb Court. — Her Majesty and Prin-e Albert (with the usual royal suite) will leave Buckingham Palace, on Friday morning for Claremont House. Eshsr, where the court will remain until Monday, and tli-n return to town. A captain's gu ;rd of Lord Charles Wellesley's regiment, the 15th Light Infantry, will proceed by railway froui Windsor barracks to-morrow, to do duty at Claremont during the stair of the court. His Royal Highness the Duke of Susses has completely recovered from liis recent indisposition. His Royal Highnessand the Duchess of Inverness received a distinguished circie to dinner, on Sun day evening, a- Kensington Palace; and his royal highness will have another large dinner parry av. Sunday next It is snid that the Duke d'Aumale and the Prinee De Joinvilie are S' ortly to leave the French ca-ital on a visit to her Maje- ty, and will make a general tour to visit the public establishments in this country. Lord Hill had an audience of the Queen on Tuesday, and, it is believed, then formally ten dered his resignat on of the command of the army to his Sovereign- If Sir Gporge Murray does not immedia eiy take Irs place, it is only that Lord Hill may not be hurried in winding up all affairs connected with his command. By this arrange ment the Premier gets rid, handsomely, of an obnoxious member of his cabinet. " The Duke" provides handsomely for his Qu- irler-master- General ; and as for the army, why, what the army thinks about the matter remains to be seen. The Duki of Wellington has lately had several intend- ws" with the Premier, at bis house in Whitehall. — Cheltenham Looker -on. It is sai l that a marriage will shortly take pla e between the H n. Henry Petre, second s >n of Lord Petre. and Miss Wa'metley, cnlv daughter of Richard Walmesley. Esq., of Middleton Hall, Essex; and that Mr. Petre will re.urn with his bride to New Zealand. Dcchy ; f Cornwall. — His Royal Highness Pri ice Albert of Saxe Coburg and Goiha has been this day (April 16.) appointed Lord Warden of the Stannaries and Chief Steward of the Duchy in the counties of Cornwall and Devon. Extraordinary Suicide through Dread of the predicted Earthquae. — Ttiis morning an inquest was held at the King's Arms, Roupell street, Cornwall-road, Lambeih. before W. Carter. Esq , Coroner for Surrey, oa the body of Einuia Edmunds, nineteen yi;ars of age, who was found drowned m the Thames. Ann Huxtable deposed she was in the service of Mr. Grover, 44, Lower Belgrave-place, Pimlico. Tne deceased had ben her fellow- servant. On Thursday three week-, about nine o'clock in the morning, the deceased left. her master's house for the purpose of going to a neighbouring apothecary's for some medicine, she complaining of a pain in her head. She never returned; and notwithstanding eve. y inquiry had been set on foot bv Mr. Giover. no t;din?s were heard of her until, she was found in the river. Witness could give no other reason, than she sup posed she had destroyed herself, as she (deceased ) said she would do. if she thought the earthquake, at that time spi ken of, should come to pas?. Other evidence was adduced to show that the e was nothing likely to have caused the deceased to commit suicide, other than the dread of the late foolish prediction relative to the earthquake. The Jury returned a verdict of Found Drowned. The Chatham Islands. — Lord Stanley has, we are glad to learn, refused to recommend the cession of the sovereignty of the Chatham Islands to the town of Hamburgh, and has attached them as dependencies to tne government ot New Zealand. FASHIONS FOR APRIL. ( From the London and Paris Ladies' Magazine of Fashion J Mouss "lines de laine seem to be entirely re placed among the more elegant Parisian b lies by barege, made either of worsted and silk, or all worsted, which with ' organdy s de laine, taffetas glacd, foulards' watered or ' iliustrAi barpours d'6 e' &c.; Si c., now divide favour. Most of the materials for dresses this spring are either st' iped or with running patterns or pines, in the ' cache mire' style. For the promenade or simp e toilette,' the stomacher bodies are less used ; th: ' corsage a i' Amazone' is preferred, and is better suited for embroidery ; the tight sleeves and large ' pelerine' are sui! ;ble for this style ; the ' redin- gote form is also very much in favour, generally accompanied with the ptlerine cardinal ;' the fashionable colours are orange, garnet, blue ' my osolis,' but more particularly grey and green. In evening dresses the double skirts continue to be worn, even in saf in, when they ere of two colours, the upper n ,t descending lower ibaix the knee. ' Crispins Pompadnui,' trimmed all round with gimp, and a large kind of 'pelerine,' termed trnbeds,' reaching io the knee, are made of shot silks : they have arm-h- 1 a, or are raised by means of a running cord ; the whole trimmed round with a pinked ' ruche' of a snowy colour. A new style ot scarf is composed of ' bouillons' oi tl-'cd' silk, the whole length of the scat f, di vided by banda of gimp, which, being open, show the lining of coloured silk ; others, in the same style, form 'pelerine,' which is plain, with the ends only in ' bouillons.' Velvet scarfs, shaded and embroidered, in Turkish patterns, satin ones, and ' foulards de Chine.' with tho?e of rachemire, embroidered with a Turkish border, and finished with large pine, are among the novelties of the moment. The ' pelerines cardinal' are very pretty, made cntirelv of inlets of ' Vilencifnces'" lace, divided by embroidery, and finished all round with a broad 'Valencienc.es' lace. Pocket handkerchiefs of ' batbste Ananas' divide favour with those made inlets of ' Valenciennes.' Satin, paiile de riz,' and crape, are the ma terials now in use for bonnets ; the form rather approaches the ' bibi' form, and the fi <wers are ra her in bunches than drooping; indeed, a total change is threatened in this point — as, in Paris they are forming the flower to stand up. both for bonnets and ' coiffures ;' pink, straw colour, light green, &c;,, are the shades in fashion. ' Capotes' o' white satin are lined with pink, which is some times entirely covered with point lace, but coloured linings are much used. MONEY MARKET AND CITY NEWS. From the Morning Chronicle, April 19 The English Funds have been well supported to-day, and a nurchase of £60,010 in the Three- and a-lialf Reduced Annuities, supposed to be for the Scotch banks, advanced the price of 'hat stock to 99, and produced a slight advance in the heavy securities. There was a considerable demand for money stock, which made Consuls firm ; bat the tendency to a further advance was checked by some speculative ales. a the closing price, for Account, was 91 1 to and 9 1-J- m for Mmaey ; Three per Cent, reduced, 9 c." ; new Three- and-x-lialf ner- Cents l'Tl-i? to -J- ; Bank Stock, 155 to 6; India Stock, 2421- to 5 Exchequer Bills have adv.i'-ced irora 4 'S-- to 43s prsm. Business has been very limited in she Fo eign Stocks. Spanish Votive B mils, 24T to ; De ferred. 12-- to J ; Ptssive, 4- to 5 ; New Three per Cen i'. Spanish Stock, 2 5 -J- to ; Mexican Bonds. 33 to f ; Deferred, 1 to 12-J- ; Buenos Ay res, 25 to 27 ; Belgian, 103 co 4 ; iir;<ziiian. 67 to 8 ; Chili-in. 75 to 8 ; Colombian, 27£ tn $ ; Danish, SO to 1 ; Dutch. Five per Cants 10 to J ; ditto. Twn-and si-h-lf per Cents , 5'2|V to ; Portuguese. Fiv- per Cen-s 37-J- fo f ; New Con verted, 3 ro I;- Peruvian, 19 to 20; Russian Five per Cents., 112 to 13. Nlinrpc n;\» atnli -m ir v. with verv lit tie doimr. at the following quotations : — London and Birming ham, 83 to SS prem.j Great "Vesterns, 29 to 30 nrern ; South VVeiterns, 6 % to 61 per share; Brigiuons. 36 to 7 per share; Black walls. 12- to £ per sb «re; North Mi Hands, 69 to 70 pjr share ; Paris and Rouen 5 to 1 prera. The. rates of the Foreign Exchanges are the same as last pixt. Hamburg, 13 12 :o 13 ; Am sterdam, 12 4 to 5; Pans, 25 S2i- to S7T ; Frankfort. 151|- to .; Antwerp and Prussia, 12 5 to 5; V;en a, 3 53 to 5 i ; Trie-te, 9 51 to 5G ; Leghorn. 31 30 5; Naples. 40- to ; Genoa, 25 82 to 87 ; Mad.id, 36 to ; Ca diz, 36 to The following are the official returns of the ex ports of the precious metals, for the w.ek ending Thursday last . — Silver coin to Hamburg .. .. 19 00 ! oz. .. to Rotterdam .. .. 31.000 .. .. to Calais .. .. 5'M)-:Q b;rs to Rotterdam ... .. 10-5. 00 .. .. to Cahds .. .. 10,000 Gold coin to Port Phillip .. .. 132 Oir.s.— - In Linseed Oil a fair business was transacted in tne middle p;rt of last week at 32s ro 32s 3i on the spot, and 32s 6J to 32s 9J for deliyer ; during rhe last two days, however, the demand has been limited, and pric s declined to 31s 31 a 31s 64 on the spot, and 32s a 32s 3d for delivery. The quantity of Oil is soial'. Rape Oil. brown at 47s Si, and pale 4Ss to 433 34 per c.vn. In Olive Oil large, purchases have been made; Gallipoli, at 5B2 to 49f|Spanish 5 JZto 55 1 per tun. Cocoa Nut Oil is rather cheaper, 40s to 41s were several times accepted for the best- Palm Oil 3"/ 15s. for the best. Sperm nil, first sort 36 1. to 87s , and in/erior 85/. to 85/. >5'. per tun. For common FHh Oils prices have been steady. Tale Seal Oil ba< fetched 39/. to 3 91 5s., yell-tw and strung colour 30/. to 37/ , brown 2 71. to 23/. Us.; Cod On 21/. 10s. to 29'.: S&uih-; ern low to fine 30/. 10s to 33/. ids. per tun; but for export there are le.v orders. For auction 100 tuns Southern, from New Zealand, arc de clared. To-day Linseed Oil met with more at'ention, and several parcels w,-.rs disposed oi privately for I10 "e use at Sis. 6 i. per cwt. Hudd!-;rpield Map.ket, April 5. — The wcr.ih-T was b,-acciful, and a cheerful appearance was univ rsal ; but we regret still to communicate no improvement in the state of this market to-day. Perhaps there was a ictle mora activity in the Cloth Hall ; but business in the warehouses was as dull as ever. Buyers evidently a e at a loss what to do, and therefore mostiy only purchase from sheer necessity. Prices remain muca the same. There were moie inquiries for wool, which indicates a fair amount of orders in hand. Emigration s: ill goes on : upwards of one hun dred persons left this neighbourhood since the last report; and the bad news from Iadia, and the disiua' prospect for trade, will st inulate others to follow. 