TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. For one inch and ender, Two Shillings and Sixpence, and One Shilling for every additional inch, for each in***lson. The only persons authorised to receive Moneys and Communications in account of the "SYDNEY HERALD" except the office of publication Lower-street, Sydney, are MR. JOHN HARGIS, Collector, Sydney; MR JOSEPH HUNT, Belmain; MR. JOHN LISCOMER, Bathurst; MR LADAN WHITE, Windsor; MR. HUGH TAYLOR, Parramatta; MR. A. W. LAYRMORE, Maitland and Wollonbi; MR CHARLES BLACK, Campbelltown; MR. JOHN COLEMAR, Penteith; MR. AEROE COLLITTS, Mount York, MR. R. DAVIDSON, Wollongong; MR. ROBERT CRAIG, Cabinetmaker, Goulburn; MR. JOHN M'KINGAY, Postmaster, Cassilis; MR JOHN GRAY, Queenloyon' MR WILLIAM BARNERN RHODES, Wellington, for Port Nicholson and Cook Straits, New Zealand; who provided with Printed Receipts, with the written signatures of 'KENT & FAIRFAX," who hereby give Notice that no other will be acknowledged for debts accruing from January 1, 1841. The 'SYDNEY HERALD" is Published every Morning, (Sundays excepted); and the Quarters and the 31st March, 30th June, 30th September, and 31st December; at which periods ONLY can Subscribers decline by giving Notice and paying the amount to the end of the Quarter. ADVERTISEMENTS must specify on the face of them the number times they are intended to be inserted, or they will be continued **** countermanded, and charged to the party. No Advertisement can be withdrawn after Eleven o'clock, A.M.; but new ones will be received until Six o'clock in the Evening. No verbal communication can be attended to, and all letters must be post paid, or they will not be taken in. Steamer for South Huskisson, Jervis Bay. THE SOPHIA JANE will leave Sydney for the above port on the first Thursday in August, and the first Thursday in every month, and will call at Wollongog and Kiama in passing. Apply to Captian Wise- man, on board. July 6. 357 ROSE, THISTLE, AND SHAMROCK, IRON STEAMERS. THESE splendid, powerful, and—for safety, speed, and comfort — unrivalled vessels, leave Sydney for Morpeth every evening at ten o'clock, and Morpeth for Sydney every morning at eight o'clock, Sundays excepted, and convey passengers and freight at the usual rates. 7431 FRANCIS CLARKE, Manager. FOR MORETON BAY. THE fine first-class Schooner EDWARD, 113 tons, John Chambers com- mander, this vessel is a regular trader, and from the intimate knowledge of the master of Moreton Bay, and the surrounding country, offers an excellent opportunity. For freight or passage apply to the master on board, or to THOMAS AGARS. Kent-street North, N.B. She is now ready to receive goods at the Circular Quay, and will sail in ten days. 551 FOR MORETON BAY. THE PACKET schooner WANDERER, 140 TONS,Henry Burns,master; this vessel has superior accom- modation, having a large cabin and steerage for fifty persons ; will have good accommodation for Horses. She fill receive freight at the Queen's Wharf, and sail on the 17th instant. For freight or passage apply on board, GEORGE THORNTON, 378 Custom House. For Melbourne, Port Phillip. THE FINE SCHOONER TIMBO, A 1. 123 tons, now loading at the Queen's Wharf, has room for thirty tons of freight and a few steerage pas- sengers. Apply to Captain Bentley, on board, or to J. B. METCALFE, Lower George-street, July 11. 582 FOR PORT PHILLIP DIRECT. THE FINE SCHOONER JOHN PIRIE, 106 tons, Charles Duke master, is now loading at Thom's Wharf, Starling Harbour, and will sail in a few days, Apply to the Captain on board, or to A. B. ?ark. Commercial Wharf. 444 For Port Nicholson Direct, to sail in a few days. THE first-class Schooner CATHERINE, 250 tons, James Bannatyne, mas- ter, to sail in a few days for Port Nicholson direct, For passage apply at the office of Mr. Isaac Simmons, George-street, or to the commander on board, at Mr. John Jones's Wharf. 515 For Port Nicholson Direct. THE FINE BARQUE JANE GOUDIE, J. Goudie, commander, A 1, 280 tons, will meet with immediate dispatch. For freight or passage apply to the captain, on board, at the Circular Quay, or at J. B,METCALFE, Lower George-street. ly 4 195 For The Bay of Islands, Auckland, and Otaneite. THE fine fast sailing brig JULIA, will meet with immediate despatch ; for freight or passage, having superior accommodation. Apply to J. B. METCALFE, Lower George-street. dney, June 29. 8288 FOR LONDON DIRECT. THE FINE BARQUE CLARINDA, 246 tons, B.P., Godby, Com- mander, three-fourths of her cargo being ready for shipment, she will be dispatched in a few weeks. For freight or passage apply to the Captain on board or to 04 A. B. SPARK, Commercial Wharf. FOR LONDON DIRECT THE fine first-class Barque HONDURAS, 302 tons burthen, James Weller, master, will leave this Port on or ?lore the 10th August. Has good accommo dation for passengers, and carries an experienced surgeon. For passage or freight, apply to the Captain, on board, or to HENRY MOORE. Moore's Wharf, July 13. 40 FOR SALE. THE fine fast sailing British brig Charlotte, of 96 tons. She stows a large cargo, and is well founp in stores. Apply to JOUBERT & MURPHY, 159 Macquarie-place AUSTRALIAN GAS-LIGHT COMPANY. DkAr tfuAch o/Councils Wm.IV.midl Viet CBZTBXAZ. MCBBTljaTO. ?VJ OT I CE is hereby given, that the ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of this Company ill be held at thc Company's Office, Pitt-s ?jdney, on Wednesday, the ttotnly-sectnth day Vrl> iosUnt, at one o'clock in the aftcrn nT.-civc thc Report of the Directors; to iidetiof a Division of Profits; to determir, the appropriation of the Surplus New Shares iffered to the Proprietary io England; to elect even Directors in the stead of George Barney, 'homas Shadforth, Charles Nicholson, George ^fliller, William Harvie Christie, Joseph Long and John Irvine, esquires, who r m ; and for thc transaction of aoch other ss RI may be brought forward, in irmity with the Acts and By-Laws. Candidates for the office of Directer i lens than »even clear days' nolie ¡ting, to thc Secretary. AU the retiring Directors, aa above, have of Itred tbemvelves for re-election. I By order of the Board of Directors, R. MANSFIELD, Secretary. I Company's Office, Sydney, July 1. 12 Yearly Dividend on thc fin hares of 25s. per Share ; and also of 10s. per hare, on the second series pf Shores in this wk. decltred at a Special Geoeral Meeting of roprieton, held in London on the 26th innsry lut, will be payable to the Colonial hùèholders' on and after the 19th instant, J. C. M'LAREN, Inspector, dy 9. 49-1 I Australian BTartne Ansar ana« Company, AGENERAL MEETING of th« proprietors u requested at the office, on Wednesday thc 13th July, at one o'clock, to take into consideration the propriety of declaring a Divi- dend for the half year ending the 30th ultimo, and on general business. II. BELL, Secretary. George-street, June 22. 8111 Australian General Aimraaoo Oom NOTICK U hereby'given, that the Annual General Meeting of thc Shareholders io this Company will bc held on Tuesday, 1'Jtfa. July next, nt twelve o'clock, to receive the re- port of the Hoard of Directors for the year ending 30th instant. Alua, to elect two Dir«-, ton ia room of John Lord, Emf, and William Hirst, Esq., retired, and to determine on any other matter of general interest to the Com- pany. I Candidates for the situation of Directors are ; required to give fourteen day«' notice previous to the day'-oí election, . J. C. PHELPS, Secretary. Sydney, June 20. 7949 BTDVBT 33 A. ZVlCr. KO CO M F AST. NOTICE.-The Half-yearly Gcnoral Meeting of Proprietors will be held at their Bank- ing House, George-street, on Wednesday, thc 20th July next, at one o'clock, to receive thc Report of thc Directors, and to declare a Divi- dend for the hali year ending thc 3t)th instant. .THOMAS LOAD, Manager. Sydney, Jlinc 23. 107 Uank of New South Wales. July I. .rpHIi Proprietors-of stack in this Bank, are -L requested to b.eet at thc Banking House, Gcorge-stteet, on Thursday, the 21st instant, at twelve o'clock, to declare a dividend for the half-year ended thc 30th June last, and on general buiiness. 296_JOHN BL A CK,Cashier. Australiano hs-Uk lit Company. TRANSFERS. THE Transfer Books of this Company «¡11 be SHUT from the 1st to thc 2»lh oí July, or the day after the Annual General Meeting. By order of the Board, K. MANSFIELD, Secretary. June 30, 28 To toe landnoldors, Settlers, &o.;, of Maneroo. Qnoonboyan, XUaiestane und molonglo Haina, Braidwood and Brou \- loo Plst'lcts, APRACTICABLE ROAD having heen discovered between thu seaport town, of Broulee, and the above-named localities, which has bera traced and surveyed by a competent surveyor and his party, a Meeting of those gentlemen interested in thia line of road, are requested to assemble at the Royal Hotel, Sydney, THIS DAY, (he 13th inataat, to adopt such measures os mty be deemed necessary to ensure ils completion, in order that it may be ready for the transit of thc next season's clip of wool. Stores «ill be immediately commenced for thc stowage of «aol »cd other colonial produce. Chair to bs taken st two o'clock precisely. Plans »ill be submitted to the Meeting, showing the different bearings and distance (rom Broulee to balahha, comprising forty-one miles; fata Balalaba, to Molonglo, twelve miles; from Molonglo to Queanbeyan, ten miles; belüg in all sixty-three miles. Drays have already passed five tiroes on this line of road. 533 BOHBStrsB RACHA SEPTEMBER MEETING 1 84 2. Flrfft Day.-Tuosday, ZO tn. THE CHAMPION CUP of 100 Sovereigns with a sweepstakes of ten sovereigns each, five forfeit if declared; heats mice round, and a distance: wi-i^ht (or age. TWO YEARS' OLD STAKES of 10 Sovereigns each, five forfeit if declared, with thirty sove- reigns added from tho fund; once ro^nd; coll», 8 stone ; fillies, 7 stone 11 lbs AUSTRALIAN STAKES of lOSoveieignseach, five forfeit if declared, with fifty sovereigns added from the fund;, heats once round: weight for age. MAIDEN PLATE of 25 Sovereigns, with a sweepstakes of fire sovereigns each added ; one mile and a half: weight for age. 8«eond Hay.-Wednesday) 21*t. Reserved for Matches and Races, as may be agreed on afterwards. Tatra Say.-Tamsdaj, 22nd, CHAMPAGNE STAKES of IO Sovereigns each, five forfeit if declared, with seventy five sovereigns added from the fund ; heats twice round : weight for ige. The nioner to give three dozen charn).ugne to the ordinary. THE LADlEb' PURSE of 50 Sovereigns, with ' a sweepstakes of ten sovereigns each, five forfeit if declared; twice rouud. and a dis- tance: weight forage. CLARET STAKliSof 10 .Sovereign* each, five forfeit if declared, with fifty sovereigns added Irom the fund ; heats once rduiirt, and a dis- tance; weight forage. Thc winner lo give three dozen of claret to tho ordinary. BEATEN -STAKES of3 Sovereigns each, m(h twenty-five sovereigns added from the fand ; for all horses that have run and not won at this Meeting to be handicapped by thc stewards, or whom they may appoint ¡ one mile and a half ; post entrance. Entrances to be made, or addressed, to thc Honorary Secretary, at the Royal Hotel, ou on before Saturday, thc 27th August, before nine o'clock, p. M., and forfeits declared on or before Saturday, 10th September, before uinit o'clock, Entrance, two sovereigns ; qualifications, five sovereigns; winners to pay- two sovereigns cich'to thc fund. Private Máteles to bc run on thc second day only, with permission of the Steward«. All Matches to bc cttcrcd in the match hook before starting, and erich horse to pay Ooc Pound to the Fund. WBIQHTS. 2 years old. 7 st 61bs. 3 " . 8 0 4 " ...... 8 12 5 " . 9 10 6 and aged ..10 0 I Marea and Geldiogs allowed 3 lbs. , Winnen, the first day, to carry cat/a weights at this meeting (not to exceed seven pounds), nt the discretion of the Stewards. Extra weights, I to bo declared from the Stewards' stand,! aime I diatcly after the first day's racing. STEWA*.»*.-Captain SawbriJge Mr. Lawson ¡ Mr. Icely. JUDOS-Major Hunter. C»»K or TRI Corjjiaa-Mr. Way. W. HUNTER, Hon. Secretary. N, B._The colours, to be worn by the Jackies of each horse, to bc stated when entered [and any deviation therefrom, will subject the party to a fine of two sovereigns before starting. ¿537 ~~ m AK FOR SALE, two splendid Marque*, forty feet long, »nd twenty-five feet wide, made of the very beat canvas, with six feet wall, »ides suffi, eic nt to dine seventy er eighty persona quite comfortable, warranted waler proof. Por sale ur hire For particulars inquire st Fuzcy'a, , Ctooked Dültt, Lower George-street. 577 BDTJCATXOI7, THE Rev. R. Forrest «ill ha two pupils after the 21ih instant. Campbelltown, July 8. A O RA MM AK BC BO O I., ides- the Putronaeje and XMrootlon the lord Bishop of Australia. HIE CLASSES of this Institution . assembled on Monday, thc -1th July. s.T Per Quarlcr, " '> payable in I J advance. ad 4th 5th, 6tb, and;ih Applications for admisM o bc mode eithernt th csidcncc, Surry Ililli, TH OS. W. BODENHAM. Fifty Guineas per annum, without extras. 280 XIAUXBS' SBnallZTAKY, MISS DODD, io opening the above, rc speetfully solicits the patronage of thc inhabitants of Sydoay and - its vicinity. Miss D. feels confident, having had considerable experience in tr achina:, both at home and in this colony, of being able"to render full satisfaction tn patents and guardians of those pupils who may be intrusted to ber este. Most sa ti if tte tory references can be given. TERMS : For Reading, Writing, Arithmetic, English. Grammar, Geography, Ancient and Modern History, Drawing, useful audornamental Needle, work-£2 per Quarter. Pupila under eight years of age £1 10s. per quarter. I'or Birders-£20 per annum. N.B.-Terms payable ia advance, and the usual lu Music, French, &c;, fflicient masters will be provided, and additional charges mode mo Application, to be made at Miss Uodd's private residence, No. IO, Eliuhcth- itrcet South. 510 THE MISSES THOMPSON beg to acquaint their friends, that the duties of their establishment will be resumed on Monday, the lath of July. Ksrkinc Villa, New Town._8059 ) inform the Parents , tb at the dutiei of her Establishment «aa resumed on Mon- day, July ll, 1842 Bellevue Hou-.e, Kent-street South. 431 ,t RS. BROWN begs to inform the Parents * i and Guardians of her Pupils, that her et-, tabHshment te-opea* ou Monday, July 18th, 1842\. * York Lodge. Windsor._229 JS? DAY, thc 2nd August, and Weekly Markets every FRIDAY, regularly. No charge for tar me of the Paddocks, nor for standing in the Sale Yards. The good prices (considering tun times) ob- tained for Cattle nnd Sheep at the previous Fairs, aught to convince thc Public of the vnst advantage they derive by sending their Stock regularly to Smithfield, where such extensive Paddocks are provided for their reception and keep, tn the event of not beiag said; add lo this the doily sacrifices made of stock in Sydney, and its vicinity, where there are no Paddocks to hold over the Stock, where bein* o pct- brought, must bc sold for any price. Will thc Stock holders continue to support the monopoly they sn loudly complain of, when Smithfield at once Ü ff ords them the best and only remedy for the "j uly_12._ SSS ns mo TAX,. ¡Vg R. THU RLOW, late of the firm of Cham ivj hers and Thurlow, has removed his I offices to his residence, No. 4, Pitt-street, two j doora to the north of the oflüce of his late partner, C. H. Chambers. i\y6._ 324 I R. HENRY ROBERTSON, Architect 1 and Building Survcjor, has romoved from his late residence in Clarence-street, to :i9, York-street, late thc Monitor Office. June 10. 74-14 JOHN STEWART, VRTKRINARY SUHRIOM. begs to intimate that his place of bu sim ss is at the corner of Pitt »nd Liverpool streets. THE STABLING is secure'and comfortable. Hones sent in for medical treatment, for sale, or to livery, receive thc united attentions of thc Veterinarian, thc Groom, aud thc Shoeing Smith, who nfc all rcsijeiu on thc ujrm'tiCJ. TUE HOK-SE-SHOglNt; FORGE is under the management of n smith who was three years in Mr. Stewart's employment in Glasgow, aud i rame here with him. Thc work is dona quickly, i and with proper regard to thc state of thc horse's i foot, the nature of hi« work, and the peculiarities ; of his action, ( ! OUT-PATIENTS, cattle, dogs, nod other 1 animals, aa «ell as horses, are visited at their I own italics. " 1 N.B. Unpaid letters receive no answer. 289 MESSRS. SAMUEL ALLSOP AND SONS Br«wera, Burton-upon-Tvcnt. THE.above geo tl roen (whose beer is held in high repute in this Colony and in nil 1 parts of India) have just imparted, per Wilmot, , a quantity of ALE brewed expressly for this Colony, in small casks of eighteen gallons each, to meet the convenience of private families in Sydney, and of settlers in the interior. Also, Ale in barrels. Apply lo Messrs. THACKER, MASON, »nd CO., 501 Portotreer. JL any quantity, delivered in London at said prices, and remittances made through the Com- mercial Bank, by the Lo ado» Joint Stock Baak ing'Oompany, By BRIER fr PARKER, Castle-street, Saffron Hill, Loudon, England, Cattle hoofs, £% per too Shank bones, £5 10s. per ton if sound Wolta bones, £4 per ton Cattle horns, ox, at per 123, from 15s. to 25s. Messrs. B. and P would not object to receive consignments of wool upon agency. Reference-Messrs. J. and W Byrnes, Parra- matta. All letters to bs post-paid. 8.6 OXOAX HIV AW, \fl R8. B. W. PAUL begs to inform her .VI friends and the publie that she bas opened a Shop aa ab ova, where she can supply them with Cigars and Coffee. Also, Gentle meus' best French Kid Gloves, Stocks, Scarfs, Handkerchiefs, Perfumery, dec, ftc. No. 38, York-street, opposite the Donnybrook i F«if. ' 433 AJtszvBD ox "oawoaa," PAINTED FLOOR CLOTHS, 18 feet wide with 24 aud Sri inch to match, for passages halls, and staircases Stuff Hats, broad and narrow brims, af aupe quality Cloth and fancy velvet Caps ? Hoots and Sho*sr a general assortment Small'hand Paoer Double dittô ditto Imperial cap ditto Double ditto ditto , PITE & PRESTON, 163 ,_31, Pitt-street. MESSRS. PITE and PRESTON solicit thc ladies of Sydney and thc public, to h soeut their arrivals per Gangei, consisting of Rich brocaded chalis for bal) and evening druses. ' Pelham shawls and scarfs (quite new in style Tyrian velvets for children's dresses, ¡fee. Ladrosfrcsdy-made linen, a complete assortment Rich embroidered cloaks and hoods far infants Baby linen and Lilliputian hosiery and gloves Ladien white, straw,-and coloured Paris kid ?glovea Ditto with embroidered backs and fancy topi Fancy silk mils and'glovcs, for fall dress Gent's white, straw, »nd coloured kid gloves* Ditto riding gloves, of a superior description Shirts, stocks, braces, and belts Superfine bread cloths, kerseymeres, buckskins, and waist «atingí Lord's colonial tweeds N.B.-A suit of clothes made lo measure In lQi ' Emporium, 31, Pitt-strc BSSSXI70. JOSEPH THOMPSON and SON e» to manufacture largely in straw pallis !.s.ir, flock, alva marina, and other f feather beds, ha'sters, and pillows. Settlers and others whose stay ia town is limited, will find, on inspection, a large and well assoi stock on band, where they may obtain the s required without delay. Heal Witney blankets, from 8-4 to li "hitc and coluured counterpanes; furniture fringes, nil colours and widths. 84, Pitt-street._'_8058 VTIBTflS BOSIBRY, *.«. Ex Jan« Gùudi*. EIGHT eases of assorted men's, wot children's, and infants' white and coloured merino, lambswool, Berlin, and worsted SHIRTS. DRAWERS STOCKINGS, SOCKS, INFANTS' BOOTS and GAI TERS ;*GLOVES, CUm, MITTENS; KNIT BERLlN-WOOL One thousandyards Scotch TARTAN CASH- MERE. This new and beautiful manufacture is the latent fashion Tor ladies' and childrens' morning and walking dresses.-Vide " Court Journal" and "La Belle Assemble" ft December last. %* The trade and country stares supplied o a moderate advance on invoice. AYRANE. British and Foreign'House, GO, George-streeL Twelve-quarter stout Witney blankets a( £1 2s Gd. per pair. Eleven ditto ditto ditto, at l&s.; Gd. the pair. Eight ditto country ditto ditto, at 8s. 6d. the pair May IB._'__63J3 QBOBSI BHOXISII SHOXJBUI HJOHNSON, No. 1, Market-street, . opposite the Waterloo Stores, ha: received by the ship Gtinget, a varied assortment of very superior Boots and Shoes, These goods will be found well worthy the notice of the Public, they having been made . sand of the Colony than any stock in the Tow«. Please to observe the address; 4, Johnson's Cheap Shoe Mart, oppoiite the Waterloo Stores Ditto leather ditto. 4 6 Mc a (a Wellington boots ..' 21 0 Ditto strong circular shoes .. 9 6 Ditto ditto tie shoes. 7 6 Ditto medium ditto ditto .. ., G 6 Ditto leather pumps. 7 6 Ditto patent ditto ditto .. .. 7 fi Ditto Morrocco slippers .. ,, 4 6 Girls' stuff, Spanish, and patent leather shoes, all sizes, from 3 0 Infants' morocco and fancy hoots and shoes, from. .2 6 Boyfc' and youths' Cossack hoots " 6 6 Ditto ditto shoes and pumpa b ti Two esses of fashionnblc bonnot shapes, at 18s. per dozen, or 2s. each, at > A. HORDBRN'S.IS. Kingsfred East. X arrivals, from a London Watchmaker a Jeweller, a consignment of Gold Lever Watches, jewelled in four and eightholcs, Oold Turquoise Uroaches, Gold Guard Chains, Ladiea Neck Chains; (he latter arc of an elegant and chaste description. Aho, Eight-day Dials, suitable for Counting Houses and shops. . D. JONES & CO., Gcorgc-strect. June 2. 7076 THE attention of families and thc public is respectfully invited to the newly-opened Pork and Sausage Establishment of J. L. Smith, General Butcher, north end of Pilt-strect, nearly . opposite thc Union Bank. The most arlicate fresh and pickled Pork; Beef, Fork, and German Sausages, Pigs' Puddings, and every other article in thc trade, of the first quality, and at reasonable prices. N.B.-The latter articles arc manufactured on the premises, with an especial regard to ei-ntinest._14 ON SALE, at thc Stores of the undersized, MESS BEKV of a very luperior quality, ¡n tierces of 304 lbs. CHARLES POWNALL. 44, Lower Grnrgc-strcet, July H._479 Superior Pole Franois JBrnndy ON SALE at thc Stores of the Undersigned, io bond and out of bond, in one dozen eases, to snit private families. Superior old Palo nnd Cognsu, of the cele, brated vintage of 1824. JOHN CLODS, Queen Vplace. P. S.-This Cognac ts also to bc had of Messrs. J. Clo de tfid Co., West Maitland. 439 RIME NEGROHEAD TOBACCO in and oat of bond, on sale, at the Stores of the Undersigned. A. B. SMITH dc Co, Sou ex.street Jone 30.- 48 COLONIAL SOAP exchanged for Tallow, at the manufsctoiy, King.sticet Wut 1 corner ol Sumx-street, Sydney, 482Ú the undersigned, Ulue Viscountess SIntei-18 by 9 Ditto Ladies ditto 16 by 8 JOHN CLODS, Queens pla i July 8._._4_ rjlO BE DISPOSED OF, upon reasonable From ONE toTWBLVE THOUSAND SHEEP, with STATIONS ; From O.XEtoTWELVE HUNDRED CATTLE, with STATIONS. SHEEP. The sheep have net er had any disease, and the greatest pains have been taken in breeding them. The wool is generally known to he of the very best description for fineness and length of staple, having been bred entirely from im- ported rams. They are depastured ja the Wei- ' lington country, allowed by thc best judges in the colony to bc one of the most healthy districts, ia every respect,, adapted for sheep. These sheep are the more confidently offend by the proprietors, because they are generally known. They occupy a very considerable extent of country, with abundance of grass ard i Any person wishing to enter upon sheep pro^ perly need only visit the district f beauties and capabilities ol the station. Any one' becoming a purchaser for the whole will have all the stations given io, with yards, huts, Ac, together with the Head Station, upon where there is a very comfortable cottage, with good woolsheds of every description, paddocks, ic, in fact everything adapted for carrying c sheep establishment. CATTLE. From coe to twelve hundred head, mixed herd, bred principally from imported Devon end Durham Bulls. Great pains have been taken in breeding them, nnd they arc confidently offered as some of the Gncst snd most quiet in thc colony. They occupy an extensive country, which will be given in with the cattle Any person wishing to purchase, application to be nade to Messrs. Ramsay, Young, sod Co., Hunter-street, Sydney, or to. Messrs. Dulhunty Penrith. _ 6"0l A B AROAJ TO BE SOLD, by private_ herd of one hundred and fifty well bred quiet CATTLE. The cons have; all been milked, and arc now depasturing within seven miles or Parr am 3 lia. Price Ct 10s. per head, cash: calves under six months old given in. Apply 417_ BEBB? BTATXOBT. FOR SALE, in the Moreton Bay district, a Sheep Station. The run is inferior to none in the Colony; the Sheep number shout two thousand heao, their wool has always brought1 the highest price, and they are warranted sound. For particulars apply to JOHN STEWART, Veterinary Surgeon, Pitt and Liverpool Streets. Note.-Unpaid letters not received. 441 CATTX.1I. FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT from one to five hundred head of a mUéd herd of mile, tvt Dresent depasturing on the Mooki Hein£ on thc road to New England «nd t, immigrants and other : din rico, will dowell t TO HE SOLD, by Private Contrart, a valu- able property on the' West Shore, near the Ferry, and almost directly opposite to Lamb's Wharf. There is a good stone líbase erected the land, at present let for £60 per a A map of the .land, divided into ten allot- ments hy Mr. Surveyor Finch, may be seen at thc Office af Mr. Dillon, who 1s'authorised to dose with a purchaser. Apply to John Dillon, Solicitor, Office, George-street, .next door 1 Royal Hotel. Sydney, July 8._426 WOOI,, THE undersigned bavo removed their Office and Stores-to King-Street, near the Com- mercial Wharf, and continue to purchase Wool as usual for cash, J. T. ARMITAGE & CO. Sydney, March 10, 3190 I ot this month, for building four houses for Mr. J. Isaac's, Unwin.street. For particulars apply- to John Isaacs, South Sea Warehouse, Lower George- sticet, where plans and speclfi cations may be seen._507 In the Xnaolvont Catates of William ami ta,john Whitelaw, c nari cs Cr o altor, and Tonn Xorff. ALL Debtors to the above Estates are re- quested to pay their accounts to Mr ' John Keele, who will appoint by.advertisement thc days on which he will he in attendance to receive thc same, and afford every information relating to them. JL the undersigned waa this day dis CHAS. H. CHAMBERS, W. THURLOW. WITNXSS-J. NORTON. PittaXrcet, Sydney, July % 1842. e all debts due to CHAS. H. CHAMBERS, W. TÍ1URLOW. Mr. Lennon's Office is at Welch and Eldridge's. King-street East. SOO stand indebted to him will please to settle their accounts with Mr. Moses Joseph, without delny. And, also, all persons having claims upan him will please to present them to Mr. M. Joseph,' for inspection and liquidation, without delay. George-aircet, July 4. 29 THE undersigned gives notice, that nd on is authorised to contract debts for pur- chases of cedar for bim, nor to make any en- gagements whatever on his account relative to the cutting, procuring of, or dealing in aforesaid article. CHARLES STEELE. Sydney, Joly 9. _ 564 OAT/TXOn*. ALL persons are cautioned ? against pur- chasing, from Mr. Charles Edmond' Jacques, four horses, four drays', and four seta' of harnea, the property of the. trastees of Mr, Henry Moon, an Insolvent. ? ROBERT - COVENY, JOHN MORRIS, Pitt-ilrect, Trustee*. JnI£Il. 561 To SnTerohants, sslpownera, Oommliilon Aven»! Importer», Owner» una Oap tatxu of Coasting; VMIOII, MR. STUBBS respectfully notifiée to the Mercantile Community that, having purchased the WHARF and STORR at MILLER'S POINT, (adjoining DUKE'S WHARF.) he will feel happy in accom- modating MERCHANTS, SHIPOWNERS, IMPORTERS OF PRODUCE, WOOL GROWERS, AND OTHERS, with Wharfing and Store Room, "frtt of txpnat," on al' goods submitted through him for Public Sale. King-suect, 3lst May, 18«. 6768 MR. STUBBS respeetfoJly-Uotifiea to his | frienda and the public, that, in order t carry out the instruction! of his employers I generally, in the roovt satisfactory manner, oa the score of advertisements, he will feel exceed- ingly obliged if they will be pleased "apecially to name the Newspaper" in which they wish | their favours to appear._ Soward cir Twenty Quin eas. WHEREAS thc Stores of thc undersigned, j at Bendini ni, oh thc Uoorawa, district of the Lachlan, was broken into night of Friday, the 1st July, and about eighty I pounds of Negrohesd Tobacco taken away, to- gether with some Tea, also two trunks belonging to Captain M1 Pherson Grant, taken into the bush, and there broken open and ransackrd. the above reward will be paid for say informa- tion, asonar or otherwise, which will secure thc conviction of one or more of the offenders. Among the articles of weanoc apparel taken J from Captain Grant's trunks, were two figured j satin drcaa waistcoats, thc one coloured, roses c a black ground, the other white flowers, also o i dark ground, and two lilac dress waistcoats of j 588_GRANT and TREVELYAN. TWENTY VOirnTDS HUWASD STOLEN on the night of the 20ih June, from j my Cattle and Sheep Station B " distant about forty miles from Yass, a grey I Gelding, and a black Mare, both my property, of which the following is a description ': A Grey Gelding, aged, about filteen bands high, branded W nuder the mane, with a T e " near shoulder, a round black spot On thi leg, immediately above the hoof. forehead'off hind foot white, below, the fet- lock, branded W G on shoulder off side, and had at the time a swelling on the lower part of the jaw, caused by the halter. The above reward will be paid to giving such information ax may lead t covery af the aame, and the conviction of thc j party or parties who may have stolen them, ALLAN M'GAA. Queen-street, Jnly 9._606 | ?xmn POUCTSB uwais, Q TO LBN or STRAYED, from Cocup. Tumut I light bay Filly, black poic eward will be ] viction of thc parties oflending; and if strayed, 30s.'per head will be paid on delivery of the I Horses to Mr. D. Melville, at thc station. J. A. BROUGHTON. Tumut Uiver, June 30. _-*71 ] T»W 3? O UV DH HBVAftVi LOST, or supposed to bc stolen, from the t Paddocks, at Kirkham, a dark bay Horse, ' aged, standing about sixteen hands high, branded 1 KT off side under the saddle, and has recently [ been blistered on thc fore legs: of Captain King's breed. Five pounds reward will bc paid on delivery I af the Horse to the undersigned ; or ten pounds f reward on conviction of tha offenders, should I the horse bt stolen. Apply at Kirkham ; or at Messrs. Newnhai and Tooth's, Kent Brewery, Sydney j or to A. and S. LYONS. Pitt-street, June 30._4 rZVB POTJWDB XXWAJtD. WHEREAS a girl named MARY ANN I GRIFFEN, ohont eleven years of age, with brown hair, hazel eyes, a cut under the right eye, and two scars on the right thigh, native of the Colony. She was left by her father | with a man named Henry Mackay, a tailor, nt South Creek, who has absconded with the girl, leaving his own wife and taking with him part I of her certificate. He alse took with him n falsa 1 letter, stating that the girl was assigned to him by her father for three years, which ia, quite | If the above-named girl ts alive, to be Io Iged, with Henry Mackay, ia any of Her Majesty's gaols, until forwarded to her father at Bathurst. Thc girl bas not heen heard of sioee she w&s; lea at South Creek, which is now some time since. They have both been advertised before, but no tidings of. them have been heard. A warrant for their appréhension has been taken j out at Bathurst. JAMES "WEBSTER, Brickmaker to George Rankin, Esq., July 7. One Hone Fall. 529 drawn hy Mr. Charles Campbell i Bank of Australia, viz :-One for £6, dated 10th | May, 1842, No. 53; and one for £3 1 date, No. 45. A reward of Two Pounds will bc I paid to any one giving such information as will I convict thc thief. Payment has been stopped. THOMAS TAYLOR. Queanbeyan, July 6. 637 STRAYED or Stolen, on the 18th of June, from Kissing Point, one large brown Mare, heavy with foal, has e white face, long tail, J .branded D on near shoulder, 3 under saddle, and has collar marks on both shoulders, four I years old., A reward of One Pound will be I paid If strayed by giving "information to thc ! undersigned, and if stolen a reward of Five I Pounds JAMBS DEVLIN. Kissing Point, June 28,_8>31 | BATHrjsUT. STOLEN OR STRAYED, on thc 25th of | , from Emu Swamp, a dark bay Mare. in, branded under the saddle J. L , near side, j and on the off shoulder C. M. reverted. ~ ?um of XS will be given if strayed, and £10 if | stolen, on conviction. CHRISTIE MAHON. TO LEN or STRAYED, from my Farm at Richmond, on tho night of the 7th instant, a black Mare, of thc Clydesdale breed, with j white blaze down the face, and branded QL on thc near shoulder, has a silt in each fore foot, tong switch tail, stands «haut fifteen and a half ! hands high, and aged, about six years. ;. For the recovery of the mare, and conviction of thc party who stole her, I will give Tea Pounds reward ; but if only found strayed, One round reward, oa application to GEORGE HOUGn. Richmond, July 8. 472 WANTED to borrow £3000, for two or three yea», at 124 .per cent-, ««cured Upon a compact Town Property; yielding a rental of JE1500 per annum. Applyto ö 8074 B. J; WANT. Solicitor, Pi »at reef. Cattle od' Tblr WANTED, by two Gentlemen accustomed " to the management of-Cattle, and pes .seasing au extensive run weU;watcred; from one hundred to three hundred head,-on'thirds, or any terms which may Çê agreed on, " Molt unex- ceptionable reference can .bo given. Address, if by letter, post paid, H. K., at the J/eraM Office._8119 W addressed to A. L-, Retold Office. TO DRBfiflMAXSKB. WANTED, by thc undersigned, a young person capoble of taking a Forewoman's situation. None need apply who cannot pro- duce satisfactory reference. Apply to Mrs. Patten, 1O0, Pitt street. ' 503 WANTED, 8 man or womau servant, lo cook and make themselves generally useful. Apply at the Herald Office- 511fr WANTED, a careful and experienced Stock- man, to drive imported stork overlaid to thc district of Port Phillip. Ile mutt bc well -recommended. Apply to 574 Worthy tn« Attention of oowly-arrlvea Merobants, Tannen, Pabilo tn«, and TO LET OR SELL, all those' first rate premise/, now occupied by thc subscriber, ' ' sidence, mid be desired ; cellarage and upper warehouses, sufficient for the largest importer in Sydney. These premises will, ir required, be subdivided, if leased. AND FOR SALE, Those two first class buildings, situated nearly opposite the above, and uow in the occupation, aud leased to merchants, viz., Mçjirs, Forbes and Co., andMessrs. AsSfordand Danish's, at the moderate rent of £600 per annum, pay- able quarterly. ALSO, The Old Dove Inn. together - with about ten acres of land attached, newly licensed lor the ensuing year, and leased to the present tenant for five years, at the low rent of eighty ponods, in consequence of having to expend a large sum on building improvements. AND, A Public House, situated at Ulladulla, now in full trade, and rented at £'00 per annum to a good tenant. This property is newly erected, and in a good situation, where there is no opposition. Consequently, it is well worthy thf small capitalists' attention, particularly any person wishing to keep the House him- self-would in itself be a small fortune : and this may bc bnd a bargain. ALSO, Au excellent property situated in Market-street, and capable of producing £l.SQ per annum by a trifling outlay ; it is in the best situation, and securely enclosed, with a good House thereon ON SALE ALSO THESE LANDS t Ten Acres at Newtown, adjoining Newtown Church, and in the parish of St Peter.. .£150 per acre was some time ago offered for this truly valuable property. a Four Allotments adjoining thc new intended bridge and toll-bar on th<\- Parramatta'Road. ABOUT Sixty Acres of the brighton Estate, adjoining Canterbury, and commandirtg a Irontoge to thc Cook's River, now fresh, and contiguous to thc Sugar Works, lately sold by R. Camp hell, Esq', M.C, at upwards of £100 per acre. This ls the only good portion and well watered of this estate, and ia subdivided into four and five acre plots. Two Allotments of land situated in Lower George-street, well adapted for stores or dwel- lings Six Hundred Acres of the celebrated Lochinvar Estate, in ono block. This land waa sold in 1840 at £4 2s. 6d. per acre. Three small Farms adjoining the same, cleared and fit for cultivation. One Allotment corner of High-street, Mait- land, half an acre. ' ? Thirty Acre Fanni or thereabouts, in Pros- pect, adjoining Mr: Wall's and other industrious settlers, thc land has buildings thereon, snd ia cultivation, an original Grant to Mr,,Campbell, Twenty-seven Allotments of Land on thc South J lead Road, suitable for building pur- poses, in all about five acres. Seventy-five Acres in the neighbourhood of Gunning-, and adjoining thc Township. Govern- ment npset price, £40 per acre ; about twenty five acres were sold in 1839, at £5 per acre, before any improvements on thc Town. ONE-SIXTH SHARE OP Six Houses in Lower Ucorgc-strcet, and pro- ducing a clear income, in all £9 per week. Thn above are all Freehold, and Title Grants fro ru the Crown, INTEREST IN LEASE OF A Dwelling House and Stores in Sussex-street, producing a clear income of £100 per annum, payable monthly, leased to thc present tenant for the unexpired term of about seven years, and all Improvements valued at the end and paid for by thc Ground Landlord All thc above properties arc in best situations, particularly the business premises, and have good tenant«, and in an improving neighbour- hood, commanding - immense depth; ; and those tn George.street, running to thc Circular Wharf and New Vilt-Mrect. *1 he Others to New Georgr-street, varying in depths two buudrcd feet and upwards. Thc subscriber proceeding to Eng'oud as carly as possible, is desirous of selling, or leasing, for a period of stven or tcu yeats, as may bc Hg teed, to respectable tenants | or purchasers can have, on paying at fixed periods to thc extent of onri third the purchase, ten or fourteen year-' créditât ten pi- rerm. payable quarterly, secure J on the above properties. ALBO, One Hundred and. thtriy-aeven Gas Company's Old Shares, and now about paying up thc,in- terest due lo thc 30th last June upwards of four years-£5 paid up in full, and now nearly 33 per cent, arrears Interest which will bc paid .up hy the Directors this month,. Afterwards the old" shareholders immerge into tho general in- terest of this flourishing Company. Eighty-eight Shares in thc Sjdnay Bink, £« . per share paid up. TO LET. ? . - A Verandah Cottage, newly erected, on th« Newtown Road, three miles from Macquarie, place, with Garden, outbuildings, &c; Fur terms and particulars apply at the Offict before eleven o'clock, or after three o'clock. ' J. S. HANSON, . 98, George-street, Sydney. N.B-All on'standtng unsettled Accounts, Bilk, Security, &c;, will, aller the l4(h instant, bc ? banded over to my Solicitor foi recovtiy. 