Advance Australia THE SYDNEY GAZETTE THURSDAY JULY 7. 1842 »WE have heen favoured with the perusal ol 4M1 order in Council, authorising the inlroduc lion -under certain resti ulions-oí Coolies into the Mutiriliu', from India. Immigration agents art* to be placed al tlio valions poits of India, irom win nee Coolie Emig ants aro to bo ship- ped. These gentlemen are to ho paid fixed -Halarles bj Got eminent, and their duties are to consist in -oeing -that no undue means are taken to'trepan the Indians into engagements, the nature of which they have not the mo9t remóle conception of; that theso engagements aro binding upon all parties concerned ; that the fhipä destined to convey them to the Main pius, are properly found, and that their comfort dur- ing tlio passage, is itiâuied to them. This is as it ought to he, and we rejoice at the wise policy "Milich giles an equal advantage lo the Maur lian and the Indian. We have always been the staunch and incessant advoca es of Coolie Immi- gration to the Colonies, paiticularly to Austia lln,<-and it is our firm conviction, that it an earnest and unanimous appeal was mado to the ^present Ministry, by'the Colonists of New South Walis, no obstacle would bo offered lo the ititi oduclion of such a number of Coolie shepheids, as would amply suffice to raise the falling prospects of our sheep farmers, who, irom the low prices which their wool brings in tho homo maikels, and the monstrously high .rates paid to the European labourers, are well «igh driven to absolute ruin. Many causes have conduced to crush the Set- tlers, but not the least, is tho high lateol wogrB, -conjoined with tho absurd niinimmr price of Crown Lands which has caused a tiriual extinction of tho " Land Fund," from Avhich our supply of labour «as, vi times vye '¡¡one, solely obtained. This being the case, it is no wonder that all the pastoral interests ol ithe Colony feel depressed, and that out most ?thriving and wealthy Settlers aio now in a much worse position than they were three years ago. 'Cheap and abundant labour this Colony must have, o herwise, in a few short years, our forests and luxuriant savannahs must be rest red to their original possessors - the Blacks, the -Emu, and the Kangaroo. Now that the Colonials of New Souih Wales have begun lo lay aside a portion of that »paihy, which has nil along characterized them, it is to be hoped that ihey will arouse themselves, and petition tho home-not the local-authorities, to giant them the privilege ?enjojed by the Mauritians, in being allowed to import, on a large scale, Indian labourers, the expense to ba borne--as it legitimately ought hy tho Land Revenue. It is true, that when wo look to the Lnnd Revenue, we have lillie cause for gratulaiion, but it is to be hoped, at 1-ast, lhat a wiser policy will, hereafter, ac- tuate those at the helm of affaiis,-in reference 4o the disposal of the Crown Lands,-than lias hitherto been adopted, by which course, we doubt not, our Land Fund would resume its former flourishing condition, and our relations bo put upon a sound and permnnei.t basis. The subject of Coolie Immigration, U one of deep and serious import lo Austialians, and if (hey desiro to see their country maintain her proud position as the mistress of the British Austrulasiatic Colonies, and the empoiium of the Southern World, let them bestir themselves in this maller. It would, at this juncture, be useless tore capitulate our cogent and ancontrovertible reasons insupport of Coolie Immigration, but our readers may rest satisfied that our most strenuous efforts shnll bo directed to ace roplish what we, and all thoBO who value the prosperity of theil country, muet know lo be one of the chief means of saving us from retrograding at a pace infinitely more rapid than we luve hitherto advanced, Ern i> Sii theC Oi the arnot Al law It Fian In not I light ment TI least It milk as c1 raeai C bu«i rall obse the any appt Con the mm ¡can Dai Spa 34J Cell Fro ceii othi Mit Hil 381 Bri Bu Ort 23 Do 93| ¡j the tak the the V am to nig liai ron of poi Ad the E taxe t. Aa we anticipated, theCouncil have rejected Oro the obnoxious Police and Public Work« Bill, which, if it had passed into law, would have annihilated ibe cellier* B 'bopts of a return lo better limes. -Ii is our pleasing duty to con- gratulate them upon the narrow escupewliich tiley have made of being «addled with burthens which we have awaiti and awaiti asserted would have placed the-eopesione upon their inisfort tunes, and have rendered tluir flocks, th. ir herds, and their lauds comparatively, if not altogether, valueless As the measure has now liten formally rejected, nuil consigned, we hope, to the shades of an eternal oblivion, we trust thal no unhallow.il hand will disturb its uiicon secraled ashes, or again thru3! its consideration before a public that have unanimously viewed it -with Biron«! and unequivocal disgu-t anti indignation. To the majority ¡n Council who, despite the eoquence and platcdbi'îiy of His Excellency, rejected the Bill, we offer, in the name of our follow colonists, our grateful and heartfelt acknowledgements. In conclusion, we observe that may the fate of the Police land Public Works Bill fall upon every measure which may have a tendency to blight the energies of the settlers and drive the Colony to despair, and a1 the same time prove a timely warning to our rulers that the liberties ot the people arc not to be tampered with, nor infringed upon .with impunity. can esti of 1 casi Sar pul toa of Th« exe fro i frot BeVi lam 'I and li res I 29t liil twe wei nig dis em esti [tit ant of G< of da: the pin si t i the wai me pot on qui GI By the Wilmot, Captain Miller, we~have re» ceived London Journals to the 19.li March. The intelligence thus received is not of a very important nature, v The Government were about to introduce a Bill into Parliament, for raising an Income Tax. It was surmised, that they would find no difficulty in carrying their Bill through both Houses, as the only parties opposed to it, were the Ultra Radicals. Trade was beginning to show symptoms of revival, ami consequently the distress existing in the manufacturing districts, was abating. Wool still maintains ils prices at the quotations given in our latest advices (by the Ganges) from England. In conséquence of-some superstitious legend to ibe effect that London was, during the pre« sent year to be destroyed by an earthquake, an immense number of -the citizens bad deserted the city, for Windsor, and other places in the vicinity. No lator intelligence than we aro already in possession of, regarding the affaira of India, lus reached London. Sir Uobert Peel'declared, in his place in the House o( Commons ». That Her Majesty's Government would take every measure that it would be advisable lo luke, to repair this par.¡al disaster-(hear hear.) Undei the circuit!,, stances, he had no doubt but Parliament would give her Majesty's Government its confidence and support-(bear hear;)-whatever might be the demand which ministers might feel it their duly to make-(hear bear)-in order to repair the disaster that occurred, anti to satisfy the public in this country, in India, and through - out the world, that we are de:ennined to spare to no sacrifice, in order to maintain our Indian grt Empire-(cheers)." mi Sir Uobert Peel's motion on the Revision of ho the Corn Laws, had been carried. Ri On the Continent,, all appeared quiet, and on the mo-t friendly relations seemed to exist of among all the European States. he Algeria, though disturbed by hordes of ret lawless troops, had acknowledged the power of Fiance. In those files which have reach 2d us, we have not fallen upon a single scrap of news to en? lighten us regarding the intentions of Govern« ment-upon the subject of Immigration. The following are the only extracts of the least importance for which we have space. In Saturday's publication, we shall, however, make due amends, by laying before our readers as choice a dish of English intelligence as our means will afford. (From the Times, 18<A March.) CITY.-State of the Funds.-In Consols business was unimportant, and the fluctuations call for li ile notice. There was some flatness observable in the market, produced more by the preponderance of suies over purchases, than any other cause. No large speculative accounts appear just now to open in the English Funds. Consols elo.-ed 89jj lor money, and 89| to § for the.nccount ; Exchequer bills, 29J. to 31s. pre- mium ; and New 3J per Cents., 99¿ Mex- ican were finally quoted to day, 41^, to j ; Danish, 81.J to 82¿ ; Columbian 25¿ toi; Spanish 24J °5j Pmtugúese Five perCents., 34¿ to j ; Belgian,103 to 104; Dutch, 2£ per Oen.s., 524 lo J; and Brazilian, 69 to 71. From the quotations here given, it will be per- ceived this re action has affected neatly all the other securities. In shares, Brazilian Imperial Mining wore done at 10 ; Cobre Copper, at 333 ; Hibernian 2g ; Bristol and Exeter Railway, 38*.; G.eat Wcsern, 92; ditto, new, 64; Bruillon, 36g; ditto Loan Notes, 5.} 10 g ; Birmingham, l76tol77; South Western, 59jj ; Croydon Trunk, l2g ; North Midland, third-, 23; Parisaud Rouen, 15; .South Eastern and Dover, 26; and York und North Midland, 93L - Su'li is tile growing opposition in the city to the proposed ¡nemo tax, that measures arc taking to procure tdgnaturcs to a requisition to the L'ird Mayor, to cali a public meeting on the eui jeer. ANÁLISIS OF THE BUDGET, We to day present to our readers the following analysis of the new financial scheme propounded to the Legislature by Sir Uobert Peel on Friday night last. Tho<c amongst them who have not bad sufficient {leisure, or sufficient courage, to read through the long and elaborate stalom tit of the Prime Minister, will bo enabled by the pern-til of this análisis to comprehend the ge- neral features and statistics of the new Budget without the least difficulty or embanassmenl . THE BUDGET OF 1842-43, I? Euron. Kst'miit. d income. 4Rl3:P,O0O Eiliinited i3,enditLrj. öl) H¡9,000 fu jle Deficiency . £i,io9,0 0 Additisnal ¡tBuiaoi'exienditurceB'.inutedat lOJ.dO» Totnl es/imated deficiency .... £«,670,000 Estimated lisies of revenue arising from the reduction ol' the duties on I. Oil ores, iic. £270,0,10 B. ''ofi'ue. 171,696 5\. Timber. 600,000) 4\. Abolition of xport duty on Uritiati maniiLctures...... 103,000 5, Stoge coaoii duty. 7(),0(IO Total. £1,213,095- 1,213,700» £3,7113,700 _. in round number». =3S Gro»s total estimated deficiency, in rou- d numbera, say. £',780,000 CltLDlT R Estimated incime ar sing Irom the following new taxes, viz : I. the income tax. £ Schedule A l!6tll», 00 B 15 ,000 C 646 0 it) D 1,12 \ '»' "; E i >ft,noo . £3.771.001)1 Or, in round numbers, say . 3,70I),0'H> 9\. Etiunlination of the Iriah 3tnmi>ilutiea) 160,000 S. 1 crerse of Irish spir.t duties (1-°. per, gallon) .'. v 2.Í0.0C0 4\. Duties on export of coal ... ' SO'.000 Total estiinnted increase .>.,i£4 3I".8'1 Or, in rouud numbe a, say ..' .,¡4,300,001» KICAFtTl'I.OI N OF TUB fOntOlHNO 1TIM'. Gross total i stimated increase of income £4,300,0.0 Gross total estimated deiiciHiicy,including the actuiil deficiency in iii»» income of the year, and the I'-ss to the revenue from the reduction of duties, &c......; 3,780,000 Dulance. ¿52O.OO0 So that the new financial scheme, if fully carried out, will according lo Sir R, Perl's estimate, leave a surplus, or balance, of upwards of halt a million sterling to provide tor any casualties or rona licencies that may arise. SPAIN, ¡WAUCH 9.-Our private letiers from San Sebastian of the 12th instant, describe the public feiling throughout ihe provinces us averse to all insurrectional y aUempts, either in favour of Dun Cnrlos or the cx-<Regeiit Christina. The Spanish authorities continued, however, to exercise the si rietest surveillance along the frontiers, and in Biscay troops were marching from t!ie interior to tho coast, to occupy ihe si'vernl points which afforded fuci.ities for landing. The 3 per Cents were done at 20£ at 60davs, and the 5 per cents at 27J for cash ; and 284 f ï è J at 60 day« The debl bearing :io inte- rest sold for (5 J at 60 d.iye. It is now fina ly decided that the 20th, 231, 29ih, 71si, 97th Regiments, and 2nd baiiulion Rifle Rrighde.are to have the augmentai ¡on of two companies. The secontl battalions, as they were called in the House of Commons, u few nights ago, are to be formed willi nil possible dispatch. The lOth and 78ih Regiments will embark forthwith fur India The augmented establishment to I hat of all the regiments in India has been officially ininouiU'eil. Officers and men in luded, each corps will be upwards of (.leven hundred men.-Naval and Military Gazette, A numerous meeting of tin* Liberal members of the LIou«e of Commons was h>>ld at 1 this day (March 9) at the Reform Club H »use, for the purpose of determining on the eour>e to be pursued in presenting a linn and decided oppo- sition to the project for taxing i IIB income of the country. The In si feelitiir prevailed; it was, we understand, determined t » oppose the measure both in principle and detail, the pro- posed ia» being regarded as no less oppressive on indus ry, than its machinery would be in- quisitorial, and obnoxious in its operation; Globe. 1 wh Of! Wil (he lo hy not der W «.o sec -/ ins the q.u P.. to the M. tin Fr the to Pit ma III., wil ev< hir roo» From the Morning Chronicle. The Financial Statement.- It is impossible to refuse the righi lion, baronet the pt aise of great clearness in the mode in which he sub- mitted his very laborious statements to the house. It will bo observed that L rd John Russell, while he avoided giving any opinion on the plans of the right bon. baronet,approved of the removal of prohililory duties, but said ho would have chosen better had he made the reduction on sugar insiead of on limber ; for eveiy year that we went on refusing to foreign sugar an entrance into the British market, we should be encouraging a monopoly in the East Indies, an.I interptxing greater difficulties in the way of ilia West Indio. \Ve cannot help obsrrving, that ihe incomo tax, though ol course small compared with that levied during the war, can only be obtained by inquisitorial process, which rendered it then so generally odious. We might add, that objec- tion will unquestionably be taken, too, on prin- ciple, lo the placing incomes derived from pro. perty and from professional cxerti< ns on the same footing. We must reserve all opinions on ihe varions questions involved in the siate* ment of the right honourable Baronet, to some future day. (From the Morning Advertiser.) ' Willi a boldness, for which we had not previ- ously givm bim credit, and an ability, preci- sion, clearness, eloquence, and dignity worthy of such an important occasion, Sir Robert Peel last night laid his financial project before the House of Commons. Ii affords us unwonted gratification to be enabled conscicn'ioiis'y io offer this tribute to a minister whose policy has so generally evoked our unqualified condemna- tion. * . . There is, however, one evil incident to ihe scheme, against which we must in limine caution the people, it is precisely the measure calculated to form the basis of an union between the Whigs and tit.' Tories, and Sir Robert Peel is precisely the man, l»y nature and circum- stances, formed to hu the nucleus of tliut union \- a union to which, noiwithstanding appear- ances, the rival factions have, utmost ever since tlio passing of the Relorm Act, been pro- gressing by nil manner of indirect approaches, urged on by an abhorrence of popular light» and popular reproeniations, innate wi h, and innate in, both punies. * . . Sir Robert Peel is essentially the man of expediency, which means nothing more than a tuan facile in adapting himself to ihe urgency of the times. Let die people only put on the pressure, and I hey may mould the slutesman of ihe present day lo any form they please. According to letters from St. Peter-hnrgh, it is expected lhere, that on the -celebration of (ho 25ih anniversary of die marriage of their Imperial Majesties, in course of the summer, a very comprehensive amnesty will be published, allowing all the exiles, without exception, to it'turn home, and to have their estates nstored without any restriction. So much is certain. This generous ¡dca must have been long since contemplated by the Government, because' all the confiscated estates are und.r (lie manage, ment of a special commission, and not even the smallest portion has yet been disposed of for donations. (Query -On what Polish estates are the.numerous donations to Russian Generals founded, which have been mentioned in so many official reports Ï") The Church of Scotland-M'e have heard thal it has been proposed to enjoiu- Piesbyleries, in leturuiog members for the General Assembly, io depart from the usual routine, and only to appoint repiescutatives favourable to the non ¡ntiusioii principle The temporary deviation is justified by the present critical position of the chinch of Scotland ; and, supposing it adopted is intended to show to the Government and the country the real strength ot the pzriy.-Cale- donian Mercury, THE PROPHECIED EARTHQUAKE -The alarm which many foolish persons at present entertain of an approaching earthquake which it is feared will swallow up the metropolis, is founded on the following ancient prophecies, one professing to be pronounced in the ypar 1203, the other hy Dr Dee, the nstrohigpr, in 1598. There is nothing particularly alarming in the coinci- dence of the assigned petiod of the earthquake, for the knowledge of the preceding prophecy, won'd of course form the foundation of the second: - " In eighteen hundred »nil forty-two, Four tilines ibe sun sb .1) view ; London's rich mid ("munna town Hungry t-arth shall swallow (limn; Storm mid min in France shall be, Till ev»'ry river runs ii SP« ; Spain shall be rent in iw.iin, And f.imine ? lisle the bind again : Su s iy I, the Monk of Deo, In the twelve hundredth venr and three " -Harle'uin CoUectim (liritish Museum), 0,0 6 folio 319. "The Lord have meicv on you all, Pr«|iaro yourselves for drend'ul fall, Of house and lund and bunnin soul--. The measure of your sins Is full. " In the year one, eight, and forty-two, Of the year that is so new, In the third month of that sixteen, It may be a day or two between, " Perhaps vou'll soon be stiff and cold, Dear Christian, he no1 stout mid bold ; The mighty kindly proud will see, This comes lo pass ns my name's Dee." -1593.-MS in iha British Uw um. TrjRKEY.-The Augsburg Gazette of the 2d instant, contains accounts irom Constantinople of the 9 h ult., announcing that M. de Bour qnenoy had received fres.li instructions from Paris, which he had immediately communicated to the Reis lifFeiJdi. " We are assured," says the cone-.pondent of the German journal, " thai M. de Bourqueney had declared to that func- tionary, in the name of his Governmen', thin France would lake on hersell to guarantee all the conditions presented hy the O toman Porte to the Bey of Tunis; hut that it was hoped ni Paris that the Sublime Porte won! I de>ist from making any violent att<mp' against the Bey." HANOVER, MARCH 1.-His Majesty has tin linppily been indisposed lor some days, but be will, notuitlisliiuling, set out for Berlin ibis evening, in oider lo avoid being there on the birthday of the late Queen . MANCHESTER. - Weare indebted lo a genlle man residing in Manchester, who is altogether unconnected'willi party, and thoroughly ac quainted with the subject on which ho wtitee, tor the following view of the present stat.' anti pro«pecl of the manufactures of that loun: - *' The situai ion of the trade and condition t.l the people of M anchester, which form at the present time a «uhject of so much discussion, is in a singular po.-i ion, and greatly misundtr. stood. In considering this «uhject it is almost necessary to divide the people into two classes in older to arrive at a proper knowledge ot the matter-namely, those engaged in the f>ruign and those in the home trade. At the près ni lime nearly all the mills are fully employed, though not al profil rates; still the people have full woik, although at low «ages; and most of the packers of goods for shipment abroad are at work both night, and day. Hence ihe im* iliense productions of gO"d-¡, occasioned by' the coniinued increase of mills and machinery, which find a mai kel, whil-t the people, engaged in those mills ara employed and supported ; hence, likewise, the rate uf the levies for ihe poor of Manchester during 1841 was only 2*. 8d. in the pound fur the year, whilst in previous years of dis'ress it had been as high ns 17-, in the pound. If the mills were not dilly employed, the workpeople engaged in them would be partly thrown upon the town for relief, and the rales would consequently be increased. Then comes the other branch of tlie subject-the home trade. The distress in this is unprecedenily great, and will remain so as long as political agitators continuo to carry on an useless warfare ; put an end to this, and trade will speedily revive, but not until then. No improvement-no good trade can be had bul by peace and tranquillity among the people; it will nevdr be obtained by warfare and per petua! strife for objects which, however just in the abstract, the agi alors know perfectly will are unattainable. Ii cannot bo a dillicult matter to discover from what is herein stated that the trade of Manchester is at this lime in a singular position. The immense quantities of goods produced by the mills find markets principally in India, . China, and South America The mass of the children chiefly find employment in these mills, and the poor rates are thereby relieved, which fall so much heavier upon the counry trade during; the continuance of party warfare."-Birmingham Gazette. Naval and Military Promotions-The fol- lowing is the comparison between naval and mi- litai y promotions »hieb was m ide by Sir Charles j du Napier in the debate on the introduction of the pu navy estimates on Fiiday evening :- " Before the las' promotion took place there were l7l admirals, 698 captains, and 779 commanders, 40 ctplains were made adn.irais, 51 commanders viere made captains, and 81 lieutenants wire made commandeis. In die aimy al the sa ire period, theie were 346 gen. ral officers, 309 colonels and lieutenant- colonels, anti 78G tnajois ; 74 colonels were made generals, 77 majors wi re made lieuien.ni-coloueU, anti 122 cap.ains weie in ide majos; besi es which there are 130 genera! officers who have regim nts. The ..¿allant commander further slat« ti, ihat ieuteiiant colo c's ol' 1814 are more üen> ral officers, whilst nav.il captains ol 1808 are still cap'»ins. TI M thcl and turef TI M the I pasti agai wide Til T the i Ti evid of d of p He of ti only so ui of« pose Bill com jects for coui rity the had befo indi favo that wen wou him to t gell lind l'y not près tion but the and the j ovei crot had alw t>"fî to t in a the dra the on to u He m io opp it \ the |lll-! tion last his wm pur (H Mu win wh, sait the put pro wai pre wit a ti tie wh of sen reL Ca siu sta hat vai am ihe 