i the gazette geneiial I HUNTING OFFICE. I This cc linv'n£ oLtaiiicd from Englpnd o new I xnd I CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF TYRES, a position to outvie nil competition, boll' rhMlciictJ of design nnd beauty of type, I the latest nnd most degunt productions of ilie I lyjjL'foundcr having been added to the Establish- I "tnl' JOII huntink CflTiplrtrd with despatch nnd accuracy; in short, zvcry production, from the Volume to the Hand I Sill, -v ill issue from the Gazette General Priut- Office with every care for its effect, both in I lty1e and workmanship, I CHANGE OF TIME—" VESTA". [?] TO meet the wishes of the pifbllc, tle f fata Iron ' Atitaraerwill Jertve wnihuni "» Town Mtibchr/tc at uu- ' dermenlicncd.WrauO.iklngonMouday, JuneC: — I From Wfltiams Tort-n .... 9 u.tu. — '2p.m. I ,, Melbourne. . . . 4 past 10 a.m. — 4 p. tu. i on sundays. I From Melbourne. ...£ past 1(1 a.m. — 2p.m. 'JjVilliams Town Jpasl 12f ,m. — 6 p. m, I M ANTON A CO. [?] Notice. ' " rilHE "GOV KRNOR AR- X TlllJR" M.il! in fulurc leave Melbourne and Wil liams Town at the following I hour punctually: — Williams Town 9 A. M. I Melbourne I2nonn. I 4 l\ m. I J. 11. MURPHY, I ' Agent. [?] For Sale. m H E fine fast-sailing cutter I MAR)', Ji H tons register, nl present Ring at the Wharf, and ready fur Sea. She is mhnirablv adapted for colonial irattic, and in me pruspccl ot I the discontinuance of steam nnvignlion between I the colonies, a favourable opening may shortly I occur for her piolilahic employment. Terms I fibers!— apply to VV. WESTGARTH. I June 3, 1642. ®50l5s For lJat&via;, H E Hrst-closs, fast-sailing X brig "CORSAIR," John Grclg, commander, will sail for the above port on the 1 0 1 1 1 of J Jimr. For freight or passage, j apply tu uapniin Orcig, on board, in Itobson's I I Day ; or, at the con filing-house of j I WERE, BROTHERS, A CO. | 2Gtli May. i I 1 I Hoarding and Day Selioul. j MRS. EARGK begs leave to apprise the inhabitant of Melbourne and iLs vicinity j I I hat ic i& her iutcutiou to receive a limited number I of rcspectublc young ladies us boarders, mid J engages to teach the various branches of a good j modem ediicxtiuuju H 4 ' .>.,1, j Ringing, Drawing, the rulvunccd courses of 1 Englich, with Writingaml Arithmetic, combining lite strictest attention to the domestic comfort of j I lier pupils, and asssidumis care Over their mural j and religmus instruction. j From the long experience Mrs. E. has had in I I the education and cure ofyouug ladies, she conlt- Idently hopes to give salisfucliini to those who may I favour her with their pairunagc. I Twice a )9&r; on examination will be held before the clergymen of Melbourne, when an I attendance of the parents and friends of the pupils will ha requested. I Terms lor boarders, including education and 1 aasliirig, £G5 per arnnun. Particulars hb to terms for day pupils may be known on enquiry 1st D. Large 's Russell-street. I An accomplished Governess will be engaged. I .ibt School to commence on the 1st of June. | Notice, TO the different Gentlemen of the District, and the Public in general. — The churges of my Punt are licensed for — I Curt, Dray, or Gig .Is. 0d. I Horse 1 0 I Man 0 G I Bullocks, uudcr ten head ..... . 0 8 I Ditto, over teu head U 0 I Slifcep, per score 1 0 B Any person requiring a book account kept fur fcuotagc, will please furnish me with written 'rders, and pay the accounts quarterly, und all fcccounts for puntnge outstanding above six months, are requested to be settled immediately, herwise further orders will 110I be attended to. I 1 remain in obedience and ailcudanc to the Vulilic, I JOHN CLARK. I Goulbourn River Punt, I May 30th, 1842. | g. nicholson, pH ROUGH the medium of this advertisement, 11\. bcg6 to inform the gentry and residents of neighbourhood of tlie Supreme Court, that he wis opened a shop, containing in its detail, a pcneral assortment of groceries, erockerv, Ac. Ac., rom whicli can be furnished, articles of the best twriptlotiB, on reasonable terms. I In another part of Iris establishment, and dis- lcl from interference with the grocery dcpurl- lie has fitted up an apartment for the sup ply to ladles and gentlemen, of every assortment f confectionary, which will also be made to order.- G, S, from his experience in his business, as a Botifecijouer and grocer, speaks confidently of his Polities to suit tbe tusles aud supply the wauls of »osc who may favour him with their patronage &>r The shop is situated directly opposite the uprcme Court, at the corner of Great Bourke Bfid Klng-streeU. l_ Sceda aud Cabbage Plants. I ft- WILLIAM BKOU1E begs to inform the public, that be lies a large quantity of abbage plants, of die very best description, fit for iQiplantiug ; also, a quantity of giirden and du seeda, warranted ; which be wilL dispose of F nioderate terms. Orders left with Mr. Edgar, Fct-aquane, will be punctually attended to. I CHEAP GROCER V WAREHOUSE" /' u>0liW go to HFefbourne ta buy Grdccryt tohm l \jtaH Ect U JO per crnt. cheaper than the 1 prices at Clarke' i Grocery Establish- entt H'tUuinis-st rcct t Coltingwood, fcork qf Af'Guire'i IVinc faults f F-A 1. CLARKE, in offering his stock of m ' I 1 . 6 y> tlie public, assures Uiem that one W will couviqce them of tlieir fiuperlorliy. They I f "eQ we 11 -selected, ajad ere not only the escription, but cheaper than any ever yet town lh'l6CQony> lower than any bouse Ib T' :'a ricfy Establishment is at atk of M'Guirc's Derwent Wiue Vaults. GARDEN SEEDS. V| AY lie oljinincrl fmm Mr. C. VnupliAn, . . '"speclor of Markets, at liis ollice, in tlm marki-t, iiRrknjfts of scuds contaiuine tliR loiinw "inj; nNRnrlmciit. : 111). Early Mazaan beans, lib. lt-ccu I'iiir ijod, lib. ivliiu- Windsor, loz. wliitc Cnpc llrnealie, joz. ivliilc sell'-prolccliiiK ditto, raulilloirer, loz. large Cane savoy, 4oz. Altnngbam carrot, 2 oz. E. Iiorse ditto, Jib scarlet runners, jib. E white dwarf ditto, jib. red speckled diLto, jib. prickly snin- "age, Jill, round ditto, 21bs. cnrlv charlatan jicas, Mb. grontns dwarf blue' lib. blue I nissian, lib. white ditto, 1 lb. dwarf mar- row, loz. curled parsley, 2oz. long scarlet reddish, 2oz. red gartlcn beet, loz. E dwarf cabbage, loz. large York ditto, joz, late Drumhead, oi. blond red, '£oe. fipgarloaE loz. dtvarf Gcrm/ui seeds, _ . Scotch Ibiy, iceK, 1 oz. nlnod yed onifin, Tdztrus'pDrQOr loz.> Jas. Idjig k'euping ditto, 2oz. i't4 jsvili Giant ditto, 2oz. common parsnip, loz. E. white Dutch turnip, 2nz. yellow AlLriugbam, loz. yellow atone, 2oz. garden Swede, Joz.' red solid eelcry, ,'Joz. curled cress, Joz. tnived lettuce, loz. turnip rooted reddish I package fi tie mixed capsicum. Also, small packages, containing a selec- tion ol choice FLOWER SEEDS. 7 itrnlp St'ftU, including varir/ics. Notice to Advertiajs. XT having come to the knowlixbv of the 1'ro- pnetors or the Melbourne Press tliut some Bilvcrlisers uiid other parLies reijuiriug printiug ptTlornicl, are in the hnbit of buitine tlmt thev can get Uieir orders eioeiucd ut u lower rule dam Unit agreed upon by the undersigned as fuir and raisonubleclmi-ges, the l'ropricturs or the different newspupcr otfitss herehy give public notice that the charges Tor advertising unj printing at tlie lhrnld, <;„zrtlr, ami t'alrhl OHices, ure pre cisely sninlur in cv'ury respect, mrf Ihnl in no i„. I i lance whnlnn will the ), remit prices h, rlcpnrtrd trow. A copy ol the Hcule of charges cuu be seen at either or tlie I'nuirng Offices. G. Aunts, (inzvlte. G. Csvts'scii, Herald. K lc ii ii ml 'iiiotiJ'bON, J'alrht. Melbourne, Jnn. 1 ft 1 842. l»uurhe-st reel furniture Wnrebuuse. Cy I' R AN CIS, Cabinet matter nnd upholsterer, M . begs to apprise lire inhabitants of Mel bourne and us vicinity, he Iras un sale tils usual assortment or snhslsminl liuuselruld furhilurc, mutlrass, feattier beds and piliniva, &c.;, &c.; A quantity uf Englisli and American cloiiis, cheap. Also, a most superior saraplrinc, try Cnvcnti v mifi Hollicr, one cabinet piano, by Edwards, and one liurizonlal grand ditto, by Clcmcntl A' Co.; lire nbuvc inslrimicnta are well worth lire inspection ol intending purchasers. 1 N.it.— Musical instruments, glass fnrni I ore, fee. carefully removed in town or country, by Spring HIlAN'COflK, watchmaker,, respectfully intimates that in consequence of Iris new strop not being quite completed, lie Is about m Vemuve.-Tht-Ti' mart pefrndpiu- toe neat uuor t'ruw occupied try Ml. Hail. Culiins-vlrccl, Mcllronrne, NI ay, 1842. A ro.siTivi: PACT f milOMAS HALI'I'EWy ,akcs this oppor- A. tuoity nt iutormiug Iris friends, lire Jiulllic, hat having obtained permission from the aulliu- riries fur tlie reinuval of iris license trum Iris present abode tn those cciitrically situated and commodiuns premises at Lire corner of Little Collins and Elizabeth -streets — hereby gives notice that tire business of the WILLIAM TELL will be carried on from this date as above. T. II., in order to insure a continuance uf that support which lias been so lavishly bestowed upurr him, lias determined NOT TO 1)0 THINGS UY HALVES, but at once to commence selling at tire r educed | si uj\ h j I ttlLLt), and, having aciroicc sluck M ales, wines, brandies, ruins, and gins on hand, respectfully invilcs his friends to call arid decide for themselves Melbourne, 27th May. To nil whom it may concern. I NOTICE i& hereby given, that tile co-part- nerbliip lately subsisting beiween us Ho ratio Nelson Carringion and Frederick LurdClav, 06 utlornc-ys, solicitor, and proctors, in tlie town of Melbourne, in the district of Port Phillip, aud colony of New Soulli Wales, was dissolved on I lie 2 8 ill day of April last, and ns conveyancers by ninlual consent, on the day of the date hereof. And wc further give notice, that Benjamin Baxter, of Melbourne aforesaid, Esquire, is duly authorised hy us to rccc.vc nil monies whatsoever due and ow ing loihe firm of Currington aud Clay ; and that the receipt cf he said Benjamin Baxter alone will be n sufficient discharge to the parlies paying the same respectively. And ue hereby request that the accounts thereof, when presented will be immediately discharged. We further in quire that all accounts due from tlie said firm he forthwith sent to the said Benjamin Baxter for exumiuutiou and payment. H. N. CAUU1NGTON. FREDRICK LORD CLAY. Witness — HENRY MOOR Solicitor, Melbourne. HIBERNIAN HOTEL. E/ieabeth'S/reei. MATHEW MOLONEY begs to intimate to his fnenda ond tlie public in general, that he has replenished his stuck with a choice aasort- ...c.i ui wince tuui spirits, aie ana porter on Mratt and in bottle, and at considerably reduced prices, and solicits a continuance of their palronage, which by strict attention and moderate charges he will endeavour to merit. May 17. Auctioneer and Commission Agent. MICHAEL CASS1DY EESPECTFULLYinforraB the inhabitants of Melbourne and its viciuily, -that lie has commenced business in the above capacity in the house lately occupied by Mr. Charles Joacs, watchmaker in Eiixabclh street, between Bourkc- 6lrcel and the Herald office, and trusts thai the merchonUand consignees of Melbourne (to many of whom he is know n as having had some expe rience in mercantile affairs) will favor him with a share of their patronage. Mr. C. having spent fi considerable part of his time in farming pursuits, both in Oils and In the mother conntry, flatters himself that he will transact the business of such settlers in the in terior as may entrust him with the management of their affairs, so as to forward their interests io the most satisfactory mRnncr. Communications addressed — Michael Cassldy, auctioneer, Eliiabclh-strect, Melbourne, will be trictly attended to. imperial inn, COLLINS STREET,, M L I. It O II H N E Adjaininp the I'ort I'liil lip Gazette Office, UY IIENUY HAKF.H. (1 001) uccuminoilnuori for buxljineu or immi- -A grants ; refreshments 3t all hours ; well aired Leils; board and lodging; good BlnUiug; superior wines, nialt und spirituous Hquors. IMMlGIMh'TS BAGGAGE STORED.- 'i'ernis cconnmieuL Paatoral and Agricultural Society or Australia Folia. THE Directors of ibc Pastoral and Agricul tural Society of Australia Felli, liereby givo not.ee thai tire next SHOW will be held in Melbourne, on WEDNESDAY, the fifth day of October, when ths following iireiniuins will be awarded: — houses. hiood .slalliDntx-itfe. pouatL, or » Mlver. ujmLiI orihot -value. - ' hor the bc.it colonial uj L-J bloud imiion— TW'o pounds. for the Lest capt sulliun— three pounds. For the Lest colonial bred cart stallion— two pounds. For lite best coach slallittn— three pounds, l or tlie heat culunml l.rcd coach stallion— two puuuds. MARTS. t or the best blood marc— five pounds, or n silver i tuetlal ufth.il Value. I or tlie i,eSt colonial bred bluud ntare — two pounds. rr c'lr ":are — three pounds, or the be at culunial hied iart marc— two pounds. lor the best couch mare— three pounds. I or the best colonial bred coach marc — two puuuds. VOL'NG STOCK. lor the best two-year-old colonial-brcd cult adapted fur the saddle— two pounds. Fur the best two-yeor-uld colonial Lied colt _ adapted fur draught— two pounds. I or the best yearling cololiinl-hrcd colt adapted _ fur the saddle— Hvo pounds, l or the best yearling colonial bred colt adapted for draught — twu pounds. Fur the best lwo-yc«l-old colonial bred filly adapted for the sadsflc — two pounds. For the bpAt lwn.inBr.nltl I ... J ft, i sutuiiiiii UIL'U nuv adapted for draught — two pounds. I or Hie best yearling eolunial-brcd filly adapted lor tlie saddle— Iwu pounds. For the best yearling colonial bred filly ndiplcd mr draught— two pounds. UULIS. , lor the best hull of nny bleed — five pounds, ora silver medal of that value. l ui the beat colonial-bred bull— three pounds. l ui ihe best pen uf tencuus — ten pouu-ie, ur a silver medal of thai value, lur he best cow ol uny breuil — tlnce pounds. Fur the best culonial-breii cm — three puunde. VOINO STOCK. For the best lwo->cai-o!d cuiuui.ii bred bull— Iwu pounds. Fur the best yea'lii.g colt, .ial jrcil Lull -rtvo Fur lite bt'St pL.|, of five Itvo-vfir old eolutiia i "ifi: .An euu.is. l ur the tiAl pen of five yearling colonial-brcd hellers— live pounds, l ur the best twu-yeui -old cnlunlal-lirod heifer — iwu pounds. I oi I lie best yearling colonhtl-bred heifer — two pounds. Ri'LI.ot KS. Fur the best team uf eight working bullocks— four pounds. Furlhc best five fat bullocks— fuui pounds. For the best five long-woolled rams— (en pounds ur u silver medal of that value. ' l'urthe best five fine-wooMod rams — ten pounds or a silver medal of that value. Fur the best five lung-woolled ewes — ten pounds or a silver medal of that value. Forthe best five finc-woolled ewes— ten pounds, ur a silver medal uf tlmt value. For the best five fine ivoulled maiden ewes five jjuiniua. lur the best five fat Wethers — five pounds. SWISH. For the best boar of nny breed— three pounds. Fur the best sow of any breed — three puuuds. For the best store pig— two pounds. N. 15. I urly pounds have been placed at the disposal of the Judges as premiums for such ngri- cuhuial produce and extra stock as mov be ex hibited. 1YJLLIAM KERR, Secretary. SCOTS CHURCH. "\\\7" l'e v'evv creating Pews in tlie t v Scots Church, the Trustees have opened a special aubscriptiun list to receive the names of those persons und families who desire to secure sittings, and who arc willing to contribute the amount neccssnvy to furnish the number they require. One pound per silting being considered tlie least sum that will cover the expense of the further works proposed (vir,, the pews, pulpit, &c;,,) parties will have to advance this sum for each sitting tiicy wish, and it is to be understood that this is a ready money subscription to be puid immediately. This arrangement is absolutely necessary, a considerable debt having been in curred for what has been already done. The peua now to be erected will be rent free until the end of 1842, nt which period rcuh will commence und be payable in advance quarterly. N.IJ. — As there will be cousiderable variety in the rents charged for sittings in dificjcnt parts of -the Church, persons are to have the right of selecting sittings for themselves and families in the order determined by the amount uf subscrip tions actually paid for the election and completion of the Church. Subscription lista will be in the Chinch, School House, the Hanks, at Mr. Holmes'" Williamson and Co.'s, Collins-street, and sundry oilier places. Melbourne, May 25. JUST PU11EISHED% AKD TO HE HAD OE carfrae & bland COLLINS STREET, MELBOURNE, MAUSUPIALIA, or, the pouched Animals of Australia, by G. R. Waterlinusc, Esq., Curator to the Zoological Society of London, illustrated by thirty-six coloured plates, &c.; &c.; " Tlie discovery of New South Wales, amongst other wonders, first made us acquainted with the existence of almost nil the Marxupialia quadiu- peds, and the advertisers trust that they present to the public a treat of nc ordinary kind when they lay before them ti.'iic -F, exclusively de voted to the consideration of that ?u»i nkcrestin and extensive family." To Grocers. JUST Received, a large supply of PACKING PAPER, of every sire aud quality. M. HOLMES. Collins street, 31st May. lurs, Silk Goods, Flowers and Gloves. Ex ' Sr.rriNcs. " CHARLES WILLIAMSON & CO. have received hs below i — One case of furs, containing Boas, Capes, Muff's, in Down, Swan, Squirrel Bark, Real Sable und Limine, in sizes suitable for Ladies and Children, the newest shapes. Swan end Down Trimmings aud Operas. One case Silk Guods, containing Plain and Rich Brocaded coloured Silks, Black and en- cured Siltiuetts, Gros dc Naples, d'Otlomans, and alargc assortment of French Flowers. ()nc case Gloves, containing coloured nnd M liile I'lench Kid, Drab Nowv&y; Doe, and real Buck. AH of a very superior quality. Die furs will be landed in a few diivs. June 2. One Hundred Pounds Reward or a Free Pardon and Passage to England. Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 18th April, 1842. WHEREAS it has been represented to the Government, that on the night of the 23rd February last, a party of six or more Euro- peans surprised a number of aboriginal natives, sleeping in a lea-tree scrub, in the immed ate vicinity of the station of Messrs Smith and Osbrey, in the Portland Bay District, and then and there barbarously murdered three aboriginal females, and one male child, by gun or pistol shots, besides wounding a fourth female: His Excellency the Governor directs it to be notified that a Reward of One Hundred Pounds will be paid to any free person or persons, (except the actual perpetrator) who shall give such information as shall lead to the conviction of the parties guilty of the above crime ; and if the party giving such information be a prisoner of the Crown, application will be made to Her Majesty for the allowance of a Free Pardon and a Passage to England to such Prisoner of the Crown. By His Excellency's command, E. DEAS THOMSON. MARKET COMMISSTON; " May 10///. 1842. Present — Messrs. Simpson, Porter, St. John, Peers Fawkner, Stephen, and Dobson. Mr. Simpson in the Chair. "INHERE AS the existing regulations with T > regard to Hay, Straw, iud Fodder, Wheat, Hurley, ami O.iis in the straw, enable the cartel's bring, rig tire smnc to Murkct Ui evade the paymeul of tire dues: ID- solved,' — That nil carts or drays, conveying Hay, Straw, or Fodder for cuttle, be taken to tlie Jlay iMurket before delivery to purchaser, unless lire timers of such carls shall lie fur nished by the vendor with a written order of delivery , i-uuiiUirsigucJ by tlie Inspector of the liny und 'Cctrji Market. And diiy driver of ti diuy or cart with such produce as alorcsaid, and who shall deliver such lo+»d of produce without such order, nhi-ll be deemed to iiuve hawked the s>ume, coutrary io die Market Regulations, and on coo v ictiu n hn foil for every t-ueli offence tin? sum of five Pounds. And any such driver rulusmg u> .rooLi5e r» ticket as uforcsaid, when refiiirwl by ony Cuimnissimier ol MarkeLs, or persons aetiug uu ler tiiyir UuthonLy liable to detention, ond upon conviction be I ore any Justice of the Pence, ol such otienec, sbuli he liuble lu n penulLv of nut more iliun fortv nor Icnn llniij ten shillings. 7 he following Duet to be exacted for li'cighiug : — One penny per JOU up to 1200, and from l'JOO to h ton one shilling. From one ton to one undo hail, one shiliiny and sixpence. From one und a uall to two tons, twu shillings; and upwards of two Lous, tw o shillings aud rixjicncc. The market dues for carls with produce will be chaigcdat the rate of luilf of the above charges tor Market dues. Resolved, — That a Plan of the Haymarket be drawn out, and stands offered to those desirous of renting them for the purpose of erecting Hay and Corn Sheds or Stalls, for the sale of those articles. Due notice of such Stands being opened for selection, to be previously advertised in the public newspapers. The above Regulations to take effect from the first day of June next. JAMES SIMPSON, JOHN STEPHEN, JAMES DOBSON, JOHN P. FAWKNER, JOHN J. PEERS, GEORGE PORTER, FREDERICK BERKLEY ST. JOHN. Cheap Watches! riHOMASHlLL, Watchmaker, Jeweller, &c.;, _L &:c., inliiiiHtcs that hy the vessels llopkiuson Arkwrighl, and other late arrivals, lie lias re ceived u supply of superior patent lever watches manufactured expressly to order, in neat hunting and double-holtoined cuses, which he is deter mined to retail at 25 per cent, advance on the ' English prices. -B —Repairs executed in u workmanlike style, at the shortest notice, and on reasonable terms. Great Collins-street, 2nd door from Elizabeth-street, J Melbourne, IHlh May 1842. llBrk. fTIHL undersigned will purchnsc o good sample i of Alimosa Bark, deliverable at the wharf JAMES CAIN. For" Sale" ' rpWO elegant aud commodious Cottages, wffth X five acres uf ground, at Richmond, on whicli are erected stables, aud out offices requisite for a comfurLable and respectable suburban residence. ""jutituii iu BiuLfc. iu iart payment. Apply to J. ROACH. FOR SALE, — Seed Wheat, of a beautiful quality, and of three varieties: Eclipse, Uxbridge, and Talaveni ; likewise Millet aud Grain. — Also, one of Kerkwood's Grubbers (vide page 20, vol. ii. British Husbandry). Apply to Mr. Silburne, Kcwiands, l'cntridgc. April 2, 1842. To Let or Sell, SEVERAL very rich and desirably situated lots of land, in portions of from ten to twelve acres, situated on the south bank of the Yarra. Apply to J. D. Lyon Campbell, at Cainpbellficld, Yorra Yarra. Melbourne, March 26. For Sale. THAT splendid entire Draught Horse, " PJoughboy," bright bay; black points, got by " Duncan Grev " oul of a " Sam" mare, aged; now running at Messrs. Cuimning and Smyth's station,. Mount Macedon. For terms apply to CRAIG & BROADFOOT, Collins-street. , Just Published , THE IMMIGRANT'S I'OCKET ALMANAC, mice 2s. Gd. CONTAINING every variety of local informa tion, embracing , in iu contents every thing of public or general interest in the pro vince, which renders it not only invaluable to the newly arrived, but also to the settler, merchant, aud Lradesuinu, for whusc benefit it was mainly com piled. It contains nearly oue hundred closely printed pages, and iu content will be found, as the subjoined list will show, ampleand complete. Eclipses and Cycles — General Tlda Tale — CoJcnJur for the Year. Sydney Establishments.— Governor— Erecutive Council — Legislative ditto— —The Judges— Heads of Departments. Port Phillip Establishments. — Heads of Depart- . — Judicial j.aud Ectlesiastioal £«fa&h;'r/rraen/.-Chuitih of En gland — Catholic — Presbyterian — Wesleyon— In dependent. Medical. — Physicians1— Surgeons — Apotheca ries, &c.; Government Otficcs. — Supcriutendant's— Trea sury — Survey — Customs — 'J'ha Port' — Observa tory — Public Works — Protectorate — Crown Land Commissioners — Immigration Hoard — Magistrates of the ProviutX', District Appointments. — Gcelong — Portland — The Grange, Miscellaneous. — Military — Mounted Police — Coinmissnriut — Market (Jommissioucrs — Mcr- cliatiLs — Custoin-House AgenU — Auctioneers. Public Companies. — Hauk of AusLralasia — Union Hauk— Port Piiillip Hauk— Holidays ut Hunks — Savings' Hank — Steain Navigation — Bridge Compuny— Fire ond Marine Insurance. Institutions, — Bible Society — Temperance — Missionary — Theological Education — College — Kerr's Almanac — Immigrant's ditto — The Gazette — The Patriot — The Herald — The Geelong Adver- tiser — Mechanics' Institution. Societies. — Committee of Exchange — Odd Fellows' Lodge — Harmonic — Union Benefit — St. Andrews — Lodge of Australia Felix — Ditto Aus- tralasia Kilwinning — Separation — Hospital — Pastoral and Agricultural. Clubs. — Turf Club — Debating Society— Port Phillip Club — Melbourne Club. Sittings of Courts. — Supreme Court (Civil) — Ditto (Criminal)— Quarter Sessions — Court of Request. General Subjects. — Periods of Licenses — Beach Mail — Bonding Warehouses — Code of Signals — Whnrf Regulations— Jetty ditto — Bearings of Huoys — Regulations of Post Office — Ditto of Markets — Steam Vessels. fees aud Dues. — Customs' duties — Pilotage dues — Harbour dues — Customs' charges — Light- House dues — Wharfage dues — Rates of Postage — Police fees— Diocesan ditto — Court ef Requests ditto — Market dues — Liceuse lees — Punt Tolls — Trespass dues — Poundage charges — Impounding dues— Bunding charges— Ferry tolls— Newspaper charges. Directory. — Public Offices— Licensed Houses Merchants1 Counting-Houses — Public Build- 1 ings, kc. \- — Additions aud alterations since going to Press. New Weigh Bridge, nt the junction of Flinders Lane aud Swansloit-Siieet. fTlHE proprietor intimates to parties requiring JL the use of u Weigh Bridge, that he has cr< c\ai one ur above. The principle upon which ii is constructed will en&uic; accuracy, either iu a hudy of eight tuns or one cwt. May 3. To Gentleman possessing Gardens and Villas. rjTO Gentlemen requiring their Gardens and A. _ Grounds laid out and stocked, the under signed begs to offer hia services, on the must reasonable terms. Orders left at Mr. Henley's Auction Room, Elizabeth-street, punctually Rt- DAKIEL HUXCE. For Sale. A HERD of Cattle, witlun forty miles of Mel bourne, consisting of 1 10 Cows aud heifers, in calf to imported bulls Also, 4 Mares For particulars apply to CRAIG A- BROADFOOT. Melbourne, I? May, 1842. Two Pounds Reward. THE above reward will be given to any one bringing to the Pier Hotel two cows, with heifer calves, branded DHM on the hips, and FBS on tlie ribs, and FL ; ono red pole. Manton A Co's. Steam Mills. rpHE proprietors beg to inform the public, thBt _L in future die prices of flour at their mills will be the same as Van Diemen's Land raill- prices. Jauuary 20th. FOR sale at the stores of the undesigned — Ilrst and second Van Diemen's Land flour Tea, sugar, rice, negrohead tobacco, colonial to bacco, Liverpool salt, rock salt, port and sherry wine in three dozen cases. Ironmongery of all kinds Slops of every description And cvciv article requsiLe for the settler. Goods stored. F. NODIN. Williams-street, Market Square,) April, 1842. J Sheep and Station for Sale. O ix hundred SHEEP, mostiv vouw? ewes, with station, thirty-five miles from Melbourne. Cows, with a good run, for sale. Prom 50 to 100 Cows, with station, stockvardB, fire., thirty miles from Melbourne. Apply to CHAS. WILLIAMSON & CO., Collins-street. Kirkland's Estate. milE creditors on this estate will receive a _L dividend of 4s. 3d. per pound on their re spective claims, being a second dividend, The dividend will be received on calling at the office of Bells and Buchanan, Church- square. WILLL1AM M. I1ELL, Trustee, Those creditors who have not called far the first dividend are requested to do so. 2Gth May. Notice. MR. BROPHY having been appointed Collector to the Port Phillip Gazette, in lieu of Mr. Walter Rulter, all parties indebted to that establishment arc requested to settle their accounts with him, and by whom printed receipts will he furnished bearing the signture of GEO. BUCKINGHAM. G oiette Office, June 11. Cattle Farms, with Stock ond Foreat Forms, for CultivBtiunj to lie let by the Van Dlemec'a Land Company. THE Compsny propose to let Cattle Forms, at the Surrey Hills, on liic following terms: — Each farm to consist of not less than ono square mile, which may be selected out of 50,000 acres. With each farm will be let 10 cows and 10 two-year-old heifers or steers, to pe paid for in cash or stock ofcqual value, at the end of four years. The rent forthe laud and stock included, will be 2b. per acre, and the tenant will have the right to lay out the first three years rent in fencing. At Emu Bay, and on the main land at Circular Head, the Company propose to let farms of60 acres each and upwards for cultivation, at 2s. per acre, and giving the tenant the eame .right of laying out the first pi red yews rent lp fencing, tory mil fe'&hurek; r p ortiiiiit'liU uirh t ll" Snd of ittetiSHri, or as eoon after, hs the Company ure empowered by ' their charter to sell at die fixed price of per acre, and a long credit will be given for 'the purchase money at 6 per cent, interest Tenants of Forest farms not wishing to avail themselves of the l ight to purchase, will, at the and of their 7 years lease be paid for their im provements at the rate of £i per acre for every acre which they have cultivated and so far cleared as not to have left more than 10 slumps of trees per acre standing . Un the peninsula of Circular Head, a few 80 acre sections will be let on a clearingi lease, rent free, for 7 years, but without Lhe right to purchase ond at the end of tbe lease the Company will pay the tenants a bonus of £2 per acre for every acrc-of land entirely cleared and cultivated ; it being incumbent on the. tenant to clear at least 40 acres. In every lease will be introduced such stipula tions as arc necessary to preveut tbe establishment of public-houses. I'o secure to tlie tenants rights of roads and drainage, and the. use of the Com pany s wharf. To enable the Company to open and close roads, ensuring compensation lo tenants prejudiced hy their . formation. To. reserve to the Company the use of indigenous timber and materials for works of general benefit, aud for making the Colonial fencing act applicable to adjoining tenants. Mechanics and other persons not TequiriDfc larms, will obtain Town Allotments at the rate oflOs. per quarter acre, with the right to pur chase the fee-simple at ten pounds. Parties wishing to inspect the District ad vertised, will meet with every facility and infor mation by applying to Messrs. Henty and Co., Launceston, or T. H. Power, Esq., Melbourne. (Signed) JAMES GIBSON Circular Iad, March 3. FOR SALE, from 500 to 1700 prime clean young ewes, with an extensive station, twenty miles distant from Geelong. From its proximity to the rapidly increasing town of Gee- long, together with the very peaceable disposition of the natives in the neighbourhood, this station offers many advantages for the residence of a family. Apply to Mr. Roadknight, Geelong. LANDING ex Eleanor from Mauritius, and for sale — 448 bags sugar 793 -coilsrope DGCi bags dates 891 jars ditto 2 boxes plumbago 1 bale tobacco. Apjily to WERE, BROTHERS & CO. March 14. SALE, ut tlie fetures of the utidersigiiud, ex Sultan, II tlcontc, Emtno, imd other late arrivals — Barclay and Firkin's porter in botde Edinburgh and English ule ditto Fort and shciTy wiue ditto, ofsuperior quolity A few cases vcryfiuc claret Scotch whisky in quarter casks Fule aud dark coguuc brandy in bottle Assorted cases boots and shoes Scotch soap aud mould candles Men 6 leghorn and straw hats Rod und bar iron, of size riykes' blister steel, L. Cost iron pots, of sizes Baltic deals und battens, sawn and unaawn Doiry aalt in bags Corrosive sublimate Oil of Turpentine Green and white paint BELLS & BUCHANAN. Church-square, 24th March. JUST arrived per Hopkinsoii, and for sole a the stores of the undersigned. By Allison and Allison, London cottage, rose, zebra, mahogany, and SHtin wood pianos, of the most modern taste, and elegantly finished One box of music, vocal and instrumental 1 lated wares and British plate, in great variety Hardware ditto Double demy news, &c.;, leather, in calf and fancy skins, Ac. j crown glass, all sizes; boots and shoes, pearl ashes, porter in hogsheads, ari assortment of drugs, sewn muslins aud other dry goods, saddlery and cart harness, brandy, giu, Campbeltown whisky, sherries, port, claret, and other wines, pork, oats, hay, block, iron) tinware, Scotch ploughs, oatmeal, paints, whiting, Ac., Ac., Ac. PULLAR, PORTER & CO May 12, 1842. SEED WHEAT of excellent quality on sale at the stores of the undersigned. JAMES GRAHAM. May 27. ' Wheat. ALISON AND KNIGHT are purchasers of Wheat. Melbourne Mills, Collins-st, and Little Flindcrs-st. A nrll V 1 Oil <1 rpo HE LET, several small Tarms on the Syd- X oey Road, varying in size from 50 to 200 acres. The soil U generally of firet-rate quality, and produces large crops. The distance from town very short, by a really good road. Anpli. cation to be made to Messrs. MONTGOMERY nnd M'CRAE, Solicitor Melbourne, Jan, 17. Houses to Let. THE Subscriber has always to let, an extensive choice ofhouses in Melbourne, Collingwood and suburbs ; has also, a considerable deal of town Mid country property, on sale, some of which will be sold very great bargains. To be let, Jasmin Cottage, with its delightful gardens. J. HENDERSON, Accountant and House Factor, Roxburgh Cottage, Little Flinders- street East. LOST, a Hill of Exchange, at three months1 date, drawn in favor of R. IL Budd, ac cepted by J. Hawdon, Esq.. for £42 lis., due 26th instant. Any person finding the same will have the goodness to call with it at the office of the undersigned. W. IL BELCHER, May 30th. Collina-sLroeL 