The gazette general : PRINTING OFFICE. 'Tbli office having obtained from England a new tend CHOICE -ASSORtMK&T; OF TYPES, . Is placed in ti position to outvie all competition, tooth in thaslencU of design and beauty of type, the latest and moat elegant productions of the typefounder having been added to tho Lblablibh- inenL JOB TRINTINO Completed with despatch aud accuracy j in short, every production, from the Volume to the Hand Bill, will issue from the Gazette General Print ing Office with every care for its effect, both In style und workmanship. CHANGE OF TIME— " VESTA". — i iN. mO meet the wishes of the ' u -/ll'-a wl'l\V\' Ron ' steamer will leave Williams Town ond Melbourne as un dermentioned, commencing on Monday, June 6: — From Williams Town Oa.ni. — 2p.m. ,, Melbourne .... 12 a.m,— 4p.m. ON BUNrUYS. From Melbourne. . . . J post 10 a.m. — 2p.m. >, Williams Town|paBll2p.m. — 5p.m. M ANTON & CO. T?0K PORTLAND BAY.— The J? fine fast-sslling brig HENRY, Grnihger, master, will leave for the above port in about ten days. For Freight or passage apply to the master on hoard, or to F. TITTMAN, Agent. Market Square, June 16. "TjlOH SYDNEY.— The A 1 ship JD Ear' Durham , 500 tons, will sa fr ie above port on Sunday next, the 20lh instant. For passage only apply to Captain Tindal on board in Hobson's Ufly, or at the couuting house f WERE BROTHERS fe CO. 22nd June. CHEAP GROCERY WAREHOUSE. IFAo trvuld go to Melbourne to buy Grocery, trAen they con get it 10 per cent, cheaper than the Melbourne, prices at Clat ke's Grocery KsUihUsh- «7i cnt, Wil/iaraf-i/rer/, Collin gxoood, back qf Jlf'Gvire's Wine faults t II T. CLARKE, in offering his stock of _LVa goods to the public, assure them that one trial will convince themcftiicirsupcriurlly. They have been well-selected, aud ore not only the best description, but cheaper than any ever yet Imported to this colony, and lower thau any house in town. N.B. — It. T. C.'s Grocery Establishment is at the back of M'Guirc's Dcrwenl Wine Vaults. SCOTS CHURCH, the view of erecting Pews in the y Scots Church, the Trustees have opened a special subscription list to receive the names of those persons Rnd families who desire to secure sittings, and who are willing to cunlribute the amount neceosary to furnish the number they require. One pound per sitting being considered the least sum that will cover the expense of the further works proposed (viz., the pews, pulpit, fee.,) parties will have to advance this sum for each sitting they wish, and it is to he understood that this us a ready roouey subscription to he paid immediately. This arrangement Is absolutely necessary, o considerable debt having been in curred for what has been already done. The pewa now to be erected will be rent free until the end of 1642, at which period rents will commence und be payable la advance quarterly. N.B. — As there will be considerable variety in the rents charged for aitllugs in different parts of the Church, persons are to have the right of selecting sittings for themselves and families la the order determined by Urn amount of subscrip tions actually paid for the erection and completion of the Church. Subscription lists will bo in the Chuich, School House, the Bonks, at Mr. Holmes', Williamson and Co.'s, Collins-street, and sundry other places. ' Melbourne, !ay 25 JUST PUBLISHED, AND TO BE HAD OF CARFRAE & BLAND COLLINS STREET, MELBOURNE, MARSUPIALIA, or, the pouched Animals of Australia, by G. IL VVaterhouse, Esq., Curator to the Zoological Society of London, illutiratcd by (jiirty-Blx coloured plates, fee. fee. . " Tho dUcovery of, New Soulh Wales, amongst oher wonders, first mode us acquainted with the . existence of almost aU the Marsuplalia quadru peds, and the advertisers trust that they prueiit to Lht public a 1 treat of no ordinary kind when they lay before them tkisacrk, exclusively de- votcd'lo the consideration of thai vary ntcresting and extensive family."' For Sale at the Gazette Office. PRINTED CUSTOM HOUSE FORMS " Forms licenses to depasture " ' To cut limber ff Returns oT stock " 11 publicans' license " agreemcntbeLweenmastcrandservant " " " landlord and tenant . Books, Bills of exchange ' " Cheque hooks Order , ditto " " Ship manifests ' fee., &C; &C.; MR, DENNYS, lately arrived per Corsair, from London, and now of Queen-street, " Mllbpurne, has for sale port and sherry wines, fn draft and in cfcfees, of a quality scarcely to be obtained at any prlceln these colonies. Previous to quitting England Mr. Dehnys was a partner in the firm of Creswell, Denoys and. Stokes, of London, Cails, and Oporjo/ wholesale . nort and sherry shippers to the London and rontry merchants i and upon .the dissolution of the firm he selected the choicest parcels of their atbek. wirieh 'he now offers, tq the inhabitants of Melbourne, and Would most, particularly claim a trfri- of the; wdnw Jn'queitlon from the acting committee of Oiepubs, feeling assured that their character will bear him lout in mb assertions re- garding-them. tTfae prices Are, for the case wine— fiaperdot. fof. port, aud 4fis.for«bsrry. Queen -street, Jane '16th; 1842. For Sale or Lease. A! ; PARMonthb Merri Creek, (known as iha t\' ' Tine Farm) Cmnpriiing about forty W®1 d? Isbd/lhe greater portion uaderculdvstiarv with ritieyard and gardeq loldout, together witli a-kobUdtlal wood cottage .erected thereon.. Apply to WERE, BROTHERS fe CO. GARDEN SEEDS. FOR SALE, at IIowo'h Qucen-strcct, packngcs oT uccds containing the fol lowing assortment; — lib. Early Mazngan bonus, lib. green long pod, lib. while Windsor, loz. white Cape Brocalie, oz. white self-protecting ditto, $oz. dwarf Danish, Joz large lab. cauliflower, loz. large Cane savoy, 4uz. "Altringhnni carrot, 2 oz. E. liorsc ditto, Jib. scarlet runners, $lb. E white dwarf ditto, Jib. red speckled ditto, Jib. prickly spin- nagc, Alb. round ditto, 211)3. early charlatan ?eas, lib. grooms dwarf blue, lib. blue 'russian, lib. white ditto, lib. dwarf mar row, loz. curled parsley, 2oz. long scarlet reddish, 2oz. red garden beet, loz. E dwarf cabbage, loz- large York ditto, $oz. late Drumhead, Joz/blood red, sugar loaf, loz. dwarf Gat-matt sodflfl, \oz. Sfiofcch flay leek, loz. blood rodaniion, loss, fitqm onion, - loz. Jjw. long -keeping' dittb, 2oz. 'VripoH Ginht ditto, '2oe. common parsnip, loz. E. white Dutclt turnip, 2oz. yellow Altrhigham, loz. yellow stone, 2oz. garden Swede, Joz. red solid cclcry, 3oz. curled cross, |oz. mixod lettuce, loz. turnip rooted roddisb, 1 package fine mixed capsicum. Also," small packages, containing a selec tion of choice FLOWER SEEDS. ' 7\irnip Seeds J including varieties Notice to Adverlistn. XT liaviug come to the kuawlcdge of the Pro prietors of the Mdbourno Press tiint some BtiverLiscrs aud other parties requiring printing performed, are in the imbit of btating thiu they enn get their orders executed nt a lower rule lhan that agreed upon by the undersigned as fair Qnd reasonable charges, the Proprietors of the different newspaper offices hereby give public uoticc that the clinrgcs for advertising Qiid printing at the Herald , G'axW/c, aud Fatriot Offices, arc prc- cisely similar iu every respect, and that tn no in- itauce whatever will the present prices bp departed from . A copy of the scale of charges cau be seen at cither of the Priming Offices. G. Ahden, Gazette . G. Cavknaqii, Herald . Kmn and Tiiowi'son, 1'aliiot. Melbourne, Jan. 18 1842. IMPERIAL INN, COLLINS STREET, ,M ELBOU UN E Adjoining the Tort Phillip Gazette Office, BY HENRY BAKER. GOOD accommodation for buslimen or irumi- grauls; rcfresliments at ell hours; well uiredbeds; boord nnd lodging; good smbling; eujicrior wiuas, malt and spirituous liquors. IMMIGRANTS BAGGAGE STORED. 1'erius economical. A CARD. G. BLANDFORD, ( Late Milboarnc,) hair dressing, ohkellal tancy toilet and rerfuwenv lstadlismment. Ji BLAN DFORD begs to inform the inhu- bitnnts of Melbourne nnd its vicinity, that he has taken the premises lately occupied hy Mr. liarl, wherfe he requests an early inspection of his Stock of Perfumery, received direct from England, cx Ulc arrivals — and feels confident, that by strict punctuality to orders, he will merit a continuance oT lliRt patronage bo liberally be stowed upon mb predecessor. A skilful hand engaged in the Ilalr Cul- tiug Department. NEW GOODS, JUST OPENED, at the COMMERCIAL IIO USE, OrroBiTC the Bank or Australasia. MR. A. HART havingjust opened a splen did Assortment of- Goods, SUITABLE FOR THE rUESENT SEASON, lias deter mined on selling nt THE VERY LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, they consist d— Kidderminster Carpets and Hearth Hugs, hemp Carpeting, suitable for offices, Arc. Lynx, Sable, Squirrel (grey and white) Boos and Cepcs SHORT CLOAKS with SILK HOODS Worsted Plnida, of numerous patterns, suitable for Ladies' and Children's Dresses French du Capes and Gros de Naples A few boxes splendid dark Ribbons Figured and plain Orleans Cloth, Saxonies, and .dark De Lainca Children's PelisseE and Tunica, in velvet, worsted plaid, jean ond Dc Lainc Prench Kid Gloves, colored and while, long and short French Stays, and Reticules A LARGE QUANTITY OF SHAWLS , SCARFS, AND HANDKERCHIEFS. Nursery Diapers. Lawn, Irish Linens Tuscan, Rutland Plait, Rice, and Dunstable Bonnets British and Foreign Artificial Flowers Baby Linen in variety, Satin Hats ond Bonnets for Infants Silk, Cotton, and Woollen Hosiery, black, white | and colored, for ladiaa genu and children Thibet Gloves for ditto Edgings, Lbcc, Blonds and Quillings Gentlemen's fashionable black and colored Ker seymere and Buckskin Trousers, blue pilot cloth ditto and Coats Black Satin and dorded Silk Waistcoats, Cbenft Velvet Riding Coats White Shirts, linen and long cloth, in great variety Boy's Cloth Suits, with Jackets and tunics London Gossamer and Beaver Hats, and blue Caps /WHITNEY BLANKETS, WHITE AND COLORED COUNTERPANES. Jynei8, 1642, n e )v -f a s h i o n s Victoria house. m. gashmofie & co. BEG to inform tic ladies of Melbourne and its vicinity, -that they have received the remainder of their WINTER S TO C if J / And solicit aa.iQspeatjpn oif tbetumc. , . M. C. & Co. beg to say, that they think them selves Justified in saying .thftt they era of a Fabbion and Quality never before' OFFERED IN THIS HEMISPHERE! An arlp application is necessary to secure a choice of the above, Melbourne, June 17th. CARRIAGE REPOSITORY, CARRIAGES — wfirrnnted of the very best English malcriula, nnd equal, in style, ' to those of Buy establishment in London, tira miujuractiired by 8A2VVBL MZLES, COACH-MAKER, LAUNCESTON. The following is a list of prices: — New STANHOPE, with Mull Axles und Ijnnps 63ga. Ditto, diito, ditto, without Lamps .. GOga. New CAB PHiETON, with Turn-over btffiiuih PaUnt Axles, Eliptic 'ffpf-inga, fnnps, and lined Morocco, for one horec Bfigs, New CAB PHOTON, with Haul and German Shutters, Eliptic Springs, l'utcat Axles, Lamps, £tcP, for two horses . . £100 New IiRlTSKA, on Eliptic Springs, Muil Axles, Ileadj and German Shut ters, Lamps, fitc., for two horses .... £200 New DOG-CART, Lanccwood Shafts, Vctfctian Door behind, Patent AxL's, and four Springs attached. . . £G0 New TRO TTING GfG,Skeleton Body, with Drop Box, Lancdwood Shoiis, Patent Axles, uud two long Springs . . 50gs. Any gentlemnn desirous of giving an onje r can previously see a drawing of tho description he would like hy opplicatiou to the Repository,' Launcuton, or to B. C. JOLLY", , Gnzcttc Office, Melbourne. PORTLAND BAY. MR. W. R. BELCHER, (AUCTIONEER,) BEGS lsava to acquaint tho merchants ami public of Melbourne, that should sufficient inducement offer, it is his intcatiou of procccdijig in tlic Sally Ann, (hourly expected) on her next trip, to Portland, for the purpose of disposing of Town Allotments und Merchandise. Thode par- tie entrusting Mr. B. with the 6alc of property, will please leave their orders us early as possible. This being the first public sale fit Portl nd, the Huctioueer truBts, by strict economy, to give satis faction. X. B. Accounts collected, and oil other business transacted for rcsidonls iu Mulbourne, on reason able terms. WATERLOO HOUSE. Collins- ulrect , Melbourne. . messrs. e. & i. hart Respectfully icg leave to apprise the inhabitants of Melbourne und tbc sur rounding neighbourhood, that they liuve, :it a very great expense, enlarged nnd fitted up the premise-, lately in the occupation, conjointly, of Mr. Hancock, Watchmaker, nnd Mr. Milbouruc, Hairdresser, which llicy will THIS DAY OPEN, under the denomination of the WATERLOO HOUSE; and having laid in a choice selection of goods, FOR CASH, suitable for all classes, they arc determined to commence and continue selling hi prices hitherto unknown in Melbourne. They submit the following as a PORTION OF THEIR STOCK, deeming it unnecessary to enumerate every common-place article. LADIES' rich Gros de Naples, Du Capes, Satins, Splendid Bertha and Corded Tilk materials for Bonnets ; Sarsinela and Persians; figured nnd plain OrlcanB, Cloths, SaxonieB, ftlerinoes and Mousselinc de Laines. White and caloied Stays. A splendid assortment of winter Ribbons, newest style. SHAWLS in variety, consiBling of Velvet, Satin, Cashmere, 6-c., Ac. A few HANDSOME CARRIAGE CLOAKS. LACE GOODS iu great variety, blackand while BABY LINEN, consisting of long nnd short Robes, Bodies, underclothing, Nursery Diapers, Infants' Satin Hats and Bonnets, and Ladies' Dress Caps. HOISEltY. — Silk, Cotton, and Woolen Stockings and Socks, of all sizes and colors. Ladies' and Gents' GLOVES, in variety. Flannels, Huckabackb, Towelling, Diapers, Tadle CLOTne, and Table Linen, in piece. A VARIETY OP WOOLLEN PLAIDS. An immense stock of PRINTS; a small assort ment of VICTORIA CORDED CAMBRIC DRESSES, of choice patterns. CA LICOES, white and unbleached. Haberdashery, small wares, of all descriptions. GENTLEMEN'S and Youih'e Clothing Ingrcut variety. A large stock of BUSR CLOTHING. Stockmen's Boota, Drub Hals, Blue Clot'a Caps, London Waterproof Be&ver; Iiata of various qualities. WITNEY BLANKETS, and Navy ditto, a superior article for tho bush; Counterpanes, Rugs, Ac., fee. June 20. N.B. — Wanted an Assistant; oono but an able hand need apply. To Lend on Mortgage, VARIOUS BumB of MoneVj for such terms as may be agreed upon. For further particu lars, apply at the office of the undersigned. j. W. THURLOW, Eliubeth- Btreet, . Solicitor, Juno 21st. Dissolution of Partnership. NOTICE is hereby given, that the co-partner ship hitherto existing between us, Henry Frencham and George MiUigan, as Auctioneers and Commission Agents, has been dissolved this day by mutual consent, the business for the future to be carried on by George Milligan, by whom aU debts due by the Firm ahallbe paid, and all debts contracted by ub as Partners jn the above business shall be met. Parlies, indebted to the Firm are requested to settle their accounts, and all persons having claims are requested to send in tbe same without delay. Dated this Seventeenth day of June, One Thousand Light Hundred and Forty-two. HENRY FRENCHAM, GEORGE MILLIGAN. Witness-william Johnston. 1 Firewood. FOR SALE.—A large-stack of excellent fire- wood. Apply to JOSEPH PRIESTLEY, At Mr. Craig's, opposite the Club House. 13th June. FOR SALE BY PRIVATfe CONTRACT, ' > tUE TOLLOWlNb Reautifulpurt-lred DURHAM HULLS, decidedly the f nest yet imported in the Colony MAGNUM HONDM.cfllvcd'Fcbruary, 1839 bred by R. Brown, Esquire, of Darlington, tionr Duflioin ; thife bull was got by Colouel Crad- dock's Old Magnum Bonum, dam by Gamford, g. d. by son of Forester's g. g. d., by Favorite , g. g. g. dam by Collin's old roan, g. g. g. g. d. by Mason's old prize bull. TRAVELLER, Roan, colved April 26th, 1839, bred by R. Law- son, Esquire, Siapleton Grange, Durham, got hy Guardian, datn Mary, by Commodore , g. d Young Cherry, bv Stopleton, 2098, g. g. d. by Cupid, g. g. g. d. by aeon of North litar, 459, g. g.g.g.d, by St. John, 572, g. g.g. g. g. d. by Pope, 614, R. g. g. g. g. g. d. by Chilton. Guardian wax bred by Colonel Craddock, got "by Mgrtutk Bonum, 2243, d. J>y lUrale, 2430, &c;, Cupid . Com modore dcicendud-ftom Fhvorite and Comet, bh4 ' by CbarleB Colfius, Esquire. " SULT.AN White, bred by John Lawsoo/Esquirc, Stapleton, Durham, calved February, 1840, got by Mussel- man, d. by Charles , 1815, g. d. by Driver, 1928, g. g. d. by a sod of Dash, 2668, g. g. g. d. ky Jitpi- tcr, 342, g. g. g. g. d. by Pope, 5 14, g. g. g. g. g. d. hy Chilton , 136, g. g. g. g. g. g. d. by Mr. Ma- sou's bull. ThiB bull w as shown at Stockton on Tees, Durhum, nnd look the first prize Cor tha yeurling bulls, ou Easter Tuesday, 1841, BRAZEN NOZE, Red, aalved 16th May, 1840, bred by John Wood, Esquire, of Kcmblesworth, near tlie City of Dur ham, was got by Chorister , dam Broomby. by Re former, 2502, g. d: by Prudhoc , 2468. g. g. d. by Leopold , 2119, e. g. g, d. by Duke of Wellington, 23i, g, g, g. g. d. by Wellington, G83, afterwards called Rockingham , g. g. g. g. g. d. by Trat>cl/er, 655. The a bore bulla may be seen within six miles of Melbourne. For further particulars apply " to Mr. C. H. S. Wentworth, FOR SALE at the stores of the undersigned, T\ya very superior Bprin carts One water cart Brandy, in quarter casks Champagne. KILRURN BROTHERS. Queen's Wharf, 22ud June. St. Andrew's Society of Australia Felix. rTTUfK members nrojKise to dine together at the JL faledunian Hotel, Ixmsdalc-fitreet, on Satur day 25tli instant, to celebrate the annivcranry of the little of Bimnockburn. Tho Hon. J. K. Murray, I resident of the Society, ta be iu the chair ; Claud Faric, Esq., Vice-President, Croupier. Stewards —Isaac Buchanan, Hugh Jnmieson, W. M. Bell, Archibald M'LrcLIod, William Kerr, and Andrew M. M'Crae. Dinucr to be on the table at 5 o'clock precisely. Tickets of admiBsiou to metubcrB only, to be bad of any of the Stewards, on or before Thursday, the 23rd iuBtant. Pastoral and Agricultural Society of Australia Felix. THE Directors of the Pastoral and Agricul tural Society of Australia Felix, hereby give notice that the next SHOW will be held in Melbourne, on WEDNESDAY, the fifihjday of October, when Llie following premiums will be awarded: — 1IORRCS. For the best blood stallion — five pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best colonial bred blood stallion — two pounds. For the beat cart stallion — three pounds. For the beat colonial bred cart stallion — two pound6. Fur the best coach stallion — three pounds. For the best colonial bred coach stallion — two puuodB. MARES. For the best blood mare — five pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best colonial bred blood mare— two pounds. For the best cart mare — three pounds. For the best colonial bred carl mare — two pounds. For the beat couch mare— three pounds. For the best colonial bred coach mare — two pounds. VOUNO 8TOCK. ? For the best two-year-old coloniol-brcd colt adapted for the saddle— two pounds For the best two-year-old colonial bred colt adapted for draught — two poundB. For the best yearling colonial-bred colt adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial bred colt adapted for draught — iwn pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial bred filly adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial bred filly adapted for draught — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial- bred filly adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial bred filly adapted for draught — Lwo pounds. BULLS. For the best bull of any breed — five pounds, or a silver medal of lEat value. For the best colonial- brcd bull — three pounds, cows. For the best pen of ten cows — ten pouudB, or a silver medal of that value. For the best cow of any breed — three pounds. For tbc best colonial-brcd cow — three pounds. YOCNO STOCK. For the best two- year-old colonial-bred bull — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial-bred bull — two pounds. For the best pen of five two-ye&r-old; colonia bred heifera — five pounds. For the best pen of five yearling colonial-bred heifers — five pounds. For the best two-year -old colonial-brcd heifer — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial-bred heifer — two pounds. BULLOCK6. For the best team of eight working bullocks — four pouuds. For the best five fat bullocks — four pounds, snttr. For (lie best five long-woollcd rams — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five fiue-woolled rams— ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five long-woolled ewes — ten pounds, or a silver .medal of that value. For the best five Gnc-woolfed cwea — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five fiue-woolled maiden ewes — five pounds. For the best five fat Wethers — five pounds. SWINE. For the best boar of any. breed — three pounda. For the hest sow of any breed— three pounda. For the best store pig — two pounds. N.B. — Forty pounds hive been placed at the disposal of the Judges as premiums Tor such agri cultural produce and extra stock a s may be ex hibited. WILLIAM KERR, Secretary. Cattle Farrpsi with Block and Forest Farina, for Cultivation, to be Let by the Van Dleincti'a Land Company. THE Company propose to let Cattle FarmB, at the Surrey Hills, on the following terms : — Each farm to consist of riot less than one square mile, which may be selected out of $0,000 acres. . With each farm -will he let 10 cowa and 10 two-year-old heifers or steers, to be pild for 1n cash or stock of ccjual value, at the end of foUi years. ' The rent for the land and , stock included, will be 2s. per acre, and the tenant will have the right to lay out the first three years rent in fencing. At Emu Bay, and on the main land at Circular -Head, the Company propose to let farms o'f 80 acres each and upwards for cultivation, at 2s. per acre, and giving the tenant the same right of laying out die first jhrec ycart rcnt In fencing. To every tenant will be secured the right to .purchase hts farm arthtfenQ bfaeVcn years, or as soon after1 as the Company orb enlpbvVePdd hy their charter to sell at the fixed price of £2 per acre, and a long credit "Will be given for the purchase m'oney at 6 per cent, interest Tenants of Forest farms not wishing to avail themselves of the right to purchase, will, m the end of their 7 years lease be paid for their im provements at the rate of £ 4 per acre for every acre which they have cultivated and so far cleared as not lo have left more than 10 stumps of trceB per acre standing . On the peninsula of Circular' Head, a few 80 acre sections will be let on a clearing lease, rent free, for 7 years, hut without the right to purchase und at the end of the lease the .Compony wMl pay the tenants ai)onusx»f £2 per Here for every acre of lund entirely cleared and cultivated ;lt being incumbent On. tbe.tcjiAlu.'tci clear at least 40 acres. In every lease will he introduced such stipula tions be are necessary to prevent the establishment of public-houses. To secutc' to the tenants rifckts of roads and draihage, and the ufcc of the Com pany's wharf. To enable the Company to open and close roads, ensuring-corapensatlon to tenants prejudiced by their formation. To reserve to the Company the use of Indigenous timber and materials for works of general benefit, and for making - the Colonial fencing act applicable to adjoining tenants. Mechanics and other persons not requiring farms, will obtain Town Allotments at the rate of 10s. per quarter acre, with the right to pur chase the fce-simplc at ten pounds. Panics wishing to inspect the District ad vertised, will meet with every facility and infor mation by applying to Messrs. Henly and Co., Lsunceston, or TTH. Power, Esq., Melbourne. (Signed) JAMES GIBSON Circular Head, March 3. One Hundred Pounds Reward; or a Free Pardon and Passage to England. Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, I8t.li April, 1842. WHEREAS it has been represented To the Government, that on the night of the 23rd February last, a party of six or more Euro peans surprised a number of aboriginal natives, slscping in a tea-tree scrub, in the immcd ate vicinity of lite station of Messrs Smith and Osbrey, 4n-thc Portland Hay District, and then and there barbarously murdered three aboriginal females, and one male child, by gun or pistol shots, besides wouuding a fourth female: His Excellency the Governor directs it to be notified that a Reward of One Hundred Pounds will be paid to any free person or persons, (except the actual perpetrator) who shall give such information as shall lead to the conviction of the parties guilty of the above crime ; and if the party giving such information be a prisoner of the Crown, application will be made to Her Majesty for the allowance of a Free Pardon and a Passage to England to such Prisoner of the Crown. By His Excellency's command, E. DEAS THOMSON. FOR SALE, from 500 to 1700 prime clean young ewes, with an extensive station, twenty miles distant from Geelong. From its proximity to the rapidly increasing town of Gee- long, together with the very peaceable disposition of the natives in the neighbourhood, this station offers many advantages for the residence of a family. Apply to Mr. Roadknight, Geelong. JUST arrived per Hopkinton, and for sale a the stores of the undersigned. By AUisou and Allison, London cottage, rose, eebra, mahogany, and satiu wood pianos, of the most modern taste, and elegantly finished One box ofmuric, vocal and instrumental r.-.w, ... Hardware ditto Double demy news, &c.;, leather, in calf and fancy skins, fee.; crown glass, all sires ; boots and shoes, pearl ashes, porter in hogsheads, an assortment of drugs, sewn muslins aud other dry goods, saddlery and cart harness, brandy, gin, Campbeltown whisky, sherries, port, claret, and other wl ocs, -park, oats, hay, blocks, iron, tinware, Scotch ploughs, oatmeal, paints, whiting, fee., fee., fee. FULLAR, PORTER & CO. May 12, 1842. SEED WHEAT of .excellent quality Ou sale at the stores of tlie undersigned. JAMES GRAHAM. May 27. Wheat. ALISON AND KNIGHT are purchasers of Wheat. Melbourne Mills, Collins-st. and Little Flinders-st. April 3, 1842. TO BE LET, several small farms on tho Syd ney Road, varying in size from 60 to 200 acres. The soil is generally of first-rate quality, and produces largo crops. Tbe distance from town very abort, by a really good road. Appli cation to be made to Messrs. MONTGOMERY and M'CRAF, Solicitors Melbourne, Jan. 17. Kirklaod's Estate. THE creditors on this estate will receive a dividend of 4s. 3d. per pound on their re spective claims, being a second dividend, Thedividend will be received on calling et the office of Bells and Buchanan, Church-Bquare. WILLLIAM M. BELL, Trustee. Those creditors who have not called for the first dividend are requested to do so. 26 th May To Let or Sell, SEVERAL very- rich and desirably situated lots of land, in >portionk of from ten to twelve acres, situated on the south bank of the Yarn. Apply to 3. D. Lyon Campbell, at CampbMlfield, Yarra Yam. Melbourne, March 26. TO LET, a neat cottige fn Flindera "lane, consisting of two rooms and a kitchen, ad joining the premises of the undersigned. For particulars apply to CRAIG & BROADFOOT. Jtiet Pnbiifksdi THE IMMIGRANT'S POfcKBT ALMANAC pteiqfi 4b. -fife ' ' ' CONTAINING every varetyloMocalinforinai tien, embracing Ati its content every thing of piiblic or general ifitettett fti Ul: >ro- : vince, which render i t ficwjy arrived, but also to the eerileflyteferttiafarfc, ; -and tradesman; for whose ben efi t$ I wak mifijstyUxzi- piled. It cohtfunl neariy 'One 'hundrffl'Hoitfy printed pages, And its contents will be fbutid : the subjoined list will show, ample tend c6mpl&£. Eclipses Jand . Cycles— -General 'Tide TaJer— Calendar for tLe Year. , f Sydney Establishments.— Governor— ExechtiVe Council — 'Legislative ditto —-The Judge — He£u of Deportments. Pbrt Phillip Establis'hments.-ilesBi meats — Juchdial Legal ,Bam»ierB ooti- citors. " ' ' v ' ' V / , Ecclesiastical Establishments i-C>hiirch of La- gland' — Catholic — Presbyterian — Weslcyan —In dependent. - Medical. — Physics onfc —Burgeon — Apotheca ries, &c;: Government Office) ? — Superintendent's — -Trea sury — Survey — C usto m s-r-The Port — Observa tory — Public .Works — Protectorate— Crown Land Commissioners — immigration lioard — Magistrate of tke'lYovince. District Appointments. — Geelo&g; — Portland— The Grange. . Miscellaneous. — Military — Mounted Polibfl1 Commissariat — Market Commissioners - — Mer chants — Custam-House Agent' — Auctioneer. Public - Companies. - Bank of Australasia— - Union Bank — Port Phillip Bank — Holidays At Banks — Savings Bank — Steam Navigation— Bridge Company — Fire end Marine Insurance. Institutions. — Bible Society — Temperance— Missionary — Theological Education — College — Kerr's Almanac — Immigrant's ditto — The Gazette — The Patriot — The Herald — The Geelong Adver- tiser — Mechanics' Institution. Societies. — Committee of Exchange — Odd Fellows' Lodge — Harmonic — Union Benefit — St. Andrews — Lodge of Australia Felix — Ditto Aus- tralasia Kilwinning — Separation — Hospital — Pastoral and Agricultural. Clubs . — Turf Club— Debating Society — Port Phillip Club — Melbourne Club. Sittings of Courts. — Supreme CoUrt (Civil)— Ditto (Criminal) — Quarter Sessions — Coqrt of Heqnest. General Subjcctt.— Periods of licenses — Beach Moil— Bonding Warehouses -Code of Signals- Wharf Regulations— Jetty ditto — Bearings of Buoys — Rcgulutioos of Post Office— Ditto of Markets — Steam Vessels. Fees and Dues. — Customs' duties — Pilotage dues — Harbour dues — Customs charges — Light- House dues — Wharfage dues— Bates of Postage "—Police fees— Diocesan ditto — Court »f Requests ditto— 'Market dues — License fees— Punt Tolls- Trcspass dues — Poundage charges— Impounding dues— Bonding charges JFerry tolls — Newspaper Directory. — Public Offices — Licensed House? Merchants' Counting-House— Public Build ings, fee. — Additions and alterations since going to Press. New Weigh Bridge, at the junction of Fllnder Lone and Swauston-Street. THE proprietor intimates to parties requiring the use of a Weigh Bridge, that he has erected one as above. Tbe principle upon which it is constructed will ensure accuracy, either in a body of eight tons Or one cwt. May 3. To Gentleman possessing Gardens and Villas. TO Gentlemen requiring their Gardens and Grounds laid out and stocked, the under signed begs to offer his services, on the roost reasonable terms. Orders left at Mr. Henley's Auction Room, Elizabeth-street, punctually at tended to. DANIEL BUNCE. Bark. THE undersigned will purchase a good sample of Mimosa Bark, deliverable at the wharl. JAMES CAIN. For -Sale, rjlWO elegant and commodious Cottages, with JL five acres of ground, at Richmond, on which are erected stables, and but offices requisite for a comfortable and respectable suburban residence. No objection to take slock in part pay-merit. Apply to J. ROACH. FOR SALE, — Seed Wheat, of a beautiful quality, and of three varieties: Eclipse, Uxbridge, aud Talavera ; likewise Millet and Gram. — Also, one of Kerkwood's Grubbers (vide page 29, vol. ii. British Husbandry). Apply to Mr. Silburne, Newlands, Pentridge. April 2, 1842.. For Sale. THAT splendid entire Draught Horse, " Ploughboy," bright bay, black points, got by 41 Duncan Grey," out of a " Sam" mare, aged; now running at Messrs. Cumming and Smyth's station. Mount Mecedon. For terms apply to CBAIG & BROADFOOT, CollinB-itrefet. For 8ale. A HERD of Cattle, within forty miles oF Mel bourne, consisting of 110 Cows and heifers, in calf to imported bulb Also, 4 Marcs For particulars apply to CRAIG & BROADFOOT. Melbourne, 17 May, 1842. Two Founds Reward. THE above reward will be given to any one bringing lo tbe Pier Hotel two cows, with heifer calves, -branded DHM on tha hips, sod FBS on the ribs, snd FL ; one red pble. Man ton 6c Co'e. Steam Mills. THE proprietors be$ to inform the puMic, that in future the prices of floor at their mills will be the same as Van Dismeti'i Ia&d; mill- prices. January 20th. FOR sale at the stores of the tmderslgnpd- First and second Van Diemen'i Land flour Tea, sugar, rice, negrohead tribadeo, colonial 'to bacco, Liverpool salt, rock'sklt, port and sherry - wine in three doxen cases. . Ironmongery oT aU kinds Slops nf every description < And every article requsite for ths settler. Goods stored. F. NODIN. Willisma-itreet, Market Squire, \ April, 1842. J 