JACK JUNK'S COMPLAINT FROM CHINA. In Nelson's fleet 1 liolp'd to boat the Spaniards and ' Morinscors ; And all the day I Wuzed away with Exmouth at Algiers; .I've fought again tiio Brazalian and lazy Portygeeze, And 1 always was a lounging for a crack at the Chinese. SAmh onnr't. T lind . wlinn hnf o In/1 n f AfTht!nn> ivVV ' w«v «««,»« we Dutch, -But as to them their breeches men I don't remember . much ; I've inado, 'I think, some Imlgins wink, and Yankee- - ' doodles sneeze, ;But yet l.worn't contented, for the thoughts of them . Chinese, . . , The Danish Town wo battered down, and set tneir ships in flames, /'But rayly it amt possible to roycollect the names ' iCjf all the nations of the airth whose ships I've help'd -to Seize, But all the time there was no shine along with them Chinese. '1 jined'tho works against the Turks, the strangest ; over seen O, "When with the Russians and the French we fought at Navarino ; i Our shot wont well—tlioir grape-shot fell about our , ears like .pease, j . 1 1? the way, thinks I, we'd pay thorn impedent Chinese. : Arid then I thought as British ships would never fight \- again, So, on the sly, I. had a shy with Porteygal and Spain ; , w hen them had dono with such like fun again I cross'd the seas; .-Hearing.- os how there was a row along with them Chinese. Good L— d, it was an hawfulsiglit, likewise a burning shame, To see them pig-tail'd mandareens a playing their old : ; ganuv- Of dominooring over us, as sarcey as you please, 'And British subjects murder'd by them monkey-faced , Chinese. . Then natur could'nt stand no more, so we got leave to fight, , And when the Captain told us so I could'nt sleep that night,- - ' - . But outinto the chains I got, and down upon my knees.;- I prayed, in marcy, for a shot to have at them Chinese/ .And werrily 1 do believe that marcy heard my prayer, For every jurik wo burnt or sunk, and smashed their crorkery ware-: .AVo pepper'd 'oni splendaciously , and cut 'em up like 'cheese, I think' wo woVn't " Barbarians" then, along with ; them Chinese. . The worst, of them tnero Chmey- men, they always run Wishing I sposo to show their nose upon a future day ; But at Canton we jamm'd 'em Up as tight as they could squeezo,' ' . ." Arid, now," says we, " wo'ro sure to be alongside them Chinese." Now, when the fight was at "its height, and wo was ' walking down," To string 'em up like sausingers, and captiwato the tovvn. . That Ilellyet came and sold our fame for damnable . rupees; And by that trick wo did'nt lick the lubberly Chinese. And back we came with nothing done, and them there Chinoy-men " A laughing out of their pig's eyes. Oh, worn't our blood up then ! They'll rise the price of rico and spice, and 'dulterato the teas; ' And that's the way their debts they'll pay— I knows them there Chinese I They say another Plenipo is shortly coming out To send such palpitating chaps all to the right about ; Wow he's the man as is a' man, and one as plainly sees It 8 worry indispensable to, put 'down them Chinese. When we've done that, why then, mayhap, for Eflg- \- 1 land 1 will steer— . . That is to say, as if so be, I aint to die out here— But I shall never cease to pray, nor " live at home at 1 ease," 'tliem Ch1rieSMVt' M r''ona and conquered Immigration. — 'We are ; glad to observe that the tents, are gradually disappearing . from the Immigrant Bavracks. We understand there are. noiv iew of the immigrants disin- gaged. 