the gazette general PRINTING OFFICE. This office having obtained from England a new and CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF TVPES, ji placed in a position to outvie all competition, both in chastcness of design and beauty of type, the latest and most elegant productions of the typefounder having been added to the Establish nienL JOB PRINTING Completed tilth despatch and accuracy ; in abort, cverf 'production, from the Voluir\e to the Hand Hlllill isiue from 'the Gaiclte General Print ing Office Hth Vcr> rare for Ita effect, both In style and workmanship. C H AVG E O F V i M E— ' VKS T A" . [?] TO meet the wishes of the public, the Festa iron al&bteiwaj; eareWilHadm-i Town ahd MeTboUme a un- ; dermenUonedjCommencing on Monday, Juncfi;— From' Williams Town ...iDft.ni. — 2p.m. f, Melbourne. . . .JpaatlO a.m. — 4 p.ra, on bundays. . From Melbourne. . . .Jpast 10 a.m. — 2p.m. f, 'Williams Townjposl I2p.nu — 5p.m.' M ANTON & CO. Notice. [?] Trill E "GOVERNOR AR- X TliUIl" will in future leave Melbourne and Wil liams Town at the following hours punctually: — Williams Town 9 A. M. 2 r. h. Melbourne 12 noon. 4 Y. M. J. R. MURPHY, Agent. [?] FOR .SYDNEY, to sail on Tues day, the 2 1st instant, the well- known brig christina, William Curder, commander, will sail punc- tually as above, touching at corner loiei, n en couragement offers, For freight or passage, apply to H. G. ASHHURST & CO. June 15, 1842. [?] For Launccston THE Clipper brig, SCOUT, C. Gwatkin commander, will posi tively sail for the Bbove port ou SA TURDAY, the 18th instant. For reigbt or passage apply to the Captain, on board, f 10 JAMES CAIN. For Sale. [?] TH E fine fast-tailing cutter mary, 5G tuus register, at present lying t llse Wlinrf, and ready for Sea. Slie is admirably adapted for colonial traffic, and in tne prospect 01 ilie discontinuance of ateom navigation between tbe colonies, a favourable opening may shortly occur for lier profitable euipluyinenL Terms liberal— apply to 1 W. W12STGARTII. Jnne 3,184?. For Uatavia, tigSsgsS TH E first-clasa, fast-sailing brig CORSAIR" John Greig, commander, will sail lor tbe above port ou llie lUlh of | June. For freight or passage, apply to Capiam trrcig, on ooaro, ». ..uUau.. Bay - or. at the counting-house of y WERE, BROTHERS, 8t CO. Ifith May. Boarding and Day School. MRS. LARGE beg« leave to apprise the inhsbitnute of Melbourne and its vicinity that it is her intention to receive a limited number of respectable young ladies as boarders, and engages to teach the various branches ui s good modern education, comprising French, Music, Singing, Drawing, tha advanced coursea ol English, with Writing and Arithmetic, combining the strictest attentiou to the domestic comfort o her pupils, and nssaiduuui care over tlieir moral and religious instruction. . From the long experience Mrs. L. has had in the education and care of young ladies, she confi dently hopes to give satisfaction to those who may favour her with tlieir patronage. Twice a year an examination will he held before the clergymen ol Melbourne, when an attendance of the parents and friends ofthe pupils wjll be requested. Terms for hoarders, including education aod washing, jCGS per annum. i'nrticulars si to terms for day pupils may he known on enquiry at D. Large's Russell-street. An accomplished Governess will be engaged. fjg- diool to commence on the Isiof June. CHEAr GROCERY WAREHOUSE. IVbo would go to Melbourne to buy Grcrcry, when Ihey can get it 10 per cenf. cheaper than the Melbourne prices of Clarke" e Grocery Eitablith- went, IfiUiairu-itreel, Colliugwood, back yf M'Guirc'l If'ir/c J'uulU f BT. CLARKE, in offering his stock of a goods to the public, assures tliem that one trial will convince them of their auperiority. They have been weU- aelected, and are not only the best descripiloQ, but cheaper than any ever yft imported to this colony, and lower than any house in town. N.B. R. T. C.'a Grocery Establiahment u at the back of M'Guire's Darw-ent Wine Vaults. G., NICHOLSON, THROUGH the medium of this advertisement, begi to inform the gentry and residents or the neighbourhood of the Supreme Court, that he has opened a shop, containing in its detail, a general assortment of groceries, crockery , 8,-c. Sc., from which can be furnished, articles of the best description!, on reasonable terms. t> .1 a -f i, to jVimpnf. and dls- m attotner pari ui » - tinct frominte/ference with the grocery depart ment, he hat filled up en apartment for the sup ply to ladles and gentlemen, of every assortment of confectionary, which will also be made to order. a' G. N. from his experience in his business, as a 'confectioner and grocer, speaks confidently of his abilities to suit the tastes and supply the wants ol those who may favour him with their patronage' ie shop ii situated directly opposite the Supremejbourt, at the corner of Great Bouike and Klnltreets. H HANCOCK, 'watchmaker, respectfully ".intimates that Id consequent of bis new Shop ijuif being quite completed, he is about to removeVe short period, to the treat door, now occupied'Xiy Mr. Hart. Coll ins -street, Melbourne, May, 1842. GARDEN SEEDS. MAY be obtained from Mr. C. Vaugban, Inspector of Markets, at bis office, in the market, packages of seeds containing tlie following assortment : — lib. Early Muzagati beans, lib. green long pod, lib. white "Windsor, loz. white Cape Broeaiic, Jaz. white self-protecting ditto, 4 oz. dwarf Danish, Joz large lub. cauliflower, loz., large Cape savoy, 4oz. Altringham carrot, .2 oz. E. horse ditto, Jib. scarlet runuers, lib. E white dwarf ditto, |lb. red speckled ditto, lib. prickJy spin- hage, |lb. round ditto, 2lbs. early charlatan peas, lib. grooms dwarf blue, lib. blue I'russian, lib. white ditto, lib. dwarf mar- ruw, loz. curled parsley, 2oz. lone scarlet reddish, 2oz. red garden beet, loz. E dwarf cabbage, loz. large York ditto, ioz. late Drumhead, Joz. blood 'rd, Joz. sugar loaf, loz. dwarf German seeds, loz. Scotch flay leek, loz. blood ted onion, loz, str&s; ouion, keeping. ffiipoU Giant ditto, 2oz. common parsnip, loz.L5 white Dutch turnip, 2oz. yelloAltringliam, loz. yellow stone, 2oz. garden Swede, $oz. red solid celery, 3oz. curled cress, 4oz. mixed lettuce, loz. turnip rooted reddish, 1 package fiiic mixed capsicum. Also, small packages, containing a selec- tion of choice FLOWER seeds. Turnip Seeds, including varieties. Notice to Advertisers. XT having come to the knowledge of the Pro prietors of the Melbourne Press Urnt some advertisers and other purties requiring printing performed, are in the habit of stating that they citn get their orders executed at u lower rate tlian tliuL ugreed upon by the undersigned aa fair and reasonable charges, die l'coprictors of the different newspaper offices hereby give public notice that tbe charges for advertising and printing at the Herald f Gazette, ond Patriot Offices, are pre- : cisely similar in every respect, ond that in no in stance whatever will the present price be depurted from, A copy uf the scale of charges can be Been at either of the Friuiiug Offices. G. Arden, Gazette. G. Cavinaoh, Herald. Kami and Thompson, Patriot. Melbourne, Jnn. 18 1842, Notice. TO the different Gentlemen of the District, and the Public in general. — The charges of my Punt are licensed for — Cart, Dray, or Gig 5s. Gd. Horse 1 0 Man 0 6 Rullocks, under ten head 0 8 Ditto, over ten head 0 6 Sheep, per 6core 1 0 Any person requiring a buok account kept for puntagL, will please furnish me with wiittcn orders, and pay (he accounts quarterly, and all accounts for puniagc outstanding above six mouths, arc requested to be settled immediately, otherwise further orders will not he attended to. I remain in obedience end attendanc to the Fublic, JOHN CLARK. Guulbourn River Punt, \--Mav 30th. HIBERNIAN HOTEL. Klizaheth-strcet. MATHEW MOLONEY begs to intimate to bin friends and tbe public in general, that be has replenished his stock with a choice assort ment of wines and spirits, ale and porter on draft and in bottle, and at considerably reduced prices, and solicits ft continuance of their palronngc, which by strict attention and moderate chargea he will endeavour to merit. May 17. Auctioneer and Commission Agent michael cassidy EESUECTFULLY inform, the inhabitant of Melbourne and it. vicinity, that he has commenced bu.tnen. in live above capacity in the house lately occupied by Mr. Charles Jones, ..,-l,.u.r in l'.liznbeth street, between Bourke- slrcct and tile Herald office, and trusts that the merchants and consignees of Melbourne (to many of whom he is know n as having had same expe rience in mercantile affairs) will favor him with a share of their patronage. Mr. C. having spent a considerable part ot his time in farming pursuits, both in this and In the mutlier country, flatters him6clf that he will transact the business of such settlers in the in terior as may entrust him with the management of tlieir affairs, so as to forward their interests in the most satisfactory manner. Communications addressed — Machael Cassidy, auctioneer, EliiabelWrect, Melbourne, will be strictly attended to, SCOTS CHURCH. WITH the view of erecting Puvs in the Scots Church, llie Trustees have opened a special subscription list to receive the names of those persons and families who desire to secure sittings, and who arc willing to contribute the amount necessary to furnish the number they require. One pound per silting being considered \- 1 _ i .4.. » ...ni Mu»p i>ifi #»nenseofthe me ieiBi iuni mil »i» ' further works proposed (vir., the pewa. pulpit, &c.;,) parties will have to advance this sum for each sitting they wish, and it ia to be understood that th»B is a ready money subscription to be paid immediately. This arrangement is absolutely necessary, a considerable debt -having been in curred for what hBS been already done. The pewa now to be erected will be rviUfree until the end of 1842, at which reriod rents will commence and he payable in advance quarterly. N.B. — As there will be considerable variety in the rents charged for sittings in different parts of the Church, persons are to have the right of selecting sitting for themselves and families m the order determined by the amount of subscrip tions actually paid for the erection and completion ofthe Church. Subscription lists will be in the Church. School Houae, the Banks, at Mr. Holmes , Williamson and Co.'a, Collins-street, and sundry other places. Melbourne, May 21L _____ JUST PUBLISHED, AND TO BE HAD OF CARFRAE & BLAND COLLINS STREET, MELBOURNE, MARSUFIALIA, or, the pouched Animal, or Australia, by G. R. Waterbnusc, Esq., Curator to the Zoological Society of London, illustrated by thirty-six coloured plates, Sic. Re. " The discovery of New South Wales, amongst other wonders, first made us acquainted with the existence of almost all tbe Marsupialia quadru peds, and the advertisers trust that lliey present to the public a treat of no ordinary kind when they lay before them tkia ork, exclusively de voted to the consideration of that i»ty wieresling and extensive family." imperial inn, COLLINS STRf.ET, |MELDOUUNE Adjoining the Port Ehillip Gazette OJee, BY HENRY BAKER. GOOD ncconuuotlntiou for bushmen or immi- gruuts; refreshments at nil hours; well aired Iteds; board and lodging; good alabling; superior wiue, malt and spirituous liquors. immigrants baggage stored, p Terms economical. d St. Jamci's Church. THE building Committee of St. James's Church, hereby call a general meeting of ibe sub scribers towards the erection of the said church, for ths purpose of ascertaining the wishes ofthe subscribers, as to whether the church should be opened for Divine Service in ils present stale, or nut until the interior is finished. 1'he meeting will be held in the New Chirch, on Friday, at 3 o'clock, r. XL r A. C. THOMSON, June 15th, 1842. Secretary. "V A CARD. g. blandford, ( Late Nilboume,) hair drr.smnq, general fan'cv toilet and tlrvumery establishment. BLANDFORD be« to inform the inha- \j. bitants of Melbourne and its vicinity, that he has taken the premises lately occupied by Mr. Hart, where he requests an early inspection of his Stock of Perfumery, received direct from England, ex lute arrivals — and feels confident, that by strict punctuality to orders, he will merit B continuance of (hat patronage so liberally be stowed upon his predecessor. 1 B2?" A skilful hand engaged in the Hair Cut ting Department. PftStorul and Agricultural Society of Australia Felix. THE Directors of the Pastoral and Agricul tural Society of Australia Felix, hereby give notice that tbe next SHOW will be held in Melbourne, on WEDNESDAY, the fiflhjday of October, when the following premiums will be awarded: — HORSEB. For the best blood stallion — five pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For tli e best colonial bred blood stallion — two pounds. For the best cart stallion — three pounds. For the best colonial bred cart stallion — two pounds. For the best coach stallion — three pounds. For the best colonial bred coach stallion — two pounds. MAREB. For tbe best blood tntire — five pounds, or n silver medal of that value. For the best colonial bred blood mare — two pounds. For llie best cart marc — three pounds. For the beat colonial bred carl marc — two poundB. For the beat coach marc — three pounds. For the best coluviial bred cuach mare-— two t3unda. youno stock. For the best two-year-old colonial-bred colt adapted for llie saddle. — two pounds. . . J?.0I the best two-year-old colonial bred colt For the bust yearling colonial- bred colt adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best yeurling colonial bred colt adapted for draught — two pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial bred filly adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial bred filly adapted fur draught — two pounds. For the best yeurling colonial-bred filly adapted for tbe saddle— two pounds. For the best yearling colonial bred filly adapted for draught — two pouuda. dulls. For the best bull of any breed— five pounds, or a ailver medal of that value. For the best colonial-bred bull — three pounds, cows. For the best pen nf ten cows — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the beat cow of any breed — three pounds. | For the best colonial-bred cow— three pounds. YOUNG STOCK. For the best two-yeoi-old colonial-bred bull two pounds. For the beat yearling colonial-bred bull — two pounds. For the best pen of five two- year-old colonia bred heifers — five pounds. For the best pen of five yearling colonial-bred heifers— five pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial-bred heifer — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial-bred heifer— two pounds. BULLOCKS. For tbe best team of eight working bullocks — four pounds. For the best five fat bullocks— four pounds. SItEEP. For the best five long-woolled rams — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five finc- woolled rama — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five long-woolled ewes — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the beat five fine-woolled ewea — ten pounds, or a silver inea&i; ui uiav For the best five fine-woolled maiden ewes — five pounds. For the best five Cat Wethers— five pounds. SWINE. For the best boar of any breed— three pounds. For the best sow of any breed — three pounds. For the best store pig— two pounds. li. Forty pounds have been placed at the disposal of the Judges as premiums for auch agri cultural produce and extra stock as may be ex- 1"b'ed' WILLIAM KERR. Secretary. Cheap Watches. THOMAS HILL, Watchmaker, Jeweller, Ac., 8.c., intimates that by the vessels Hopkinton, Arkwright, and other late arrivals, he has re ceived a supply of superior patent lever watches manufactured expressly to order, in near uunung and double-bottomed cases, which he is deter mined to retail at 25 per cent, advance on the English prices. Repairs executed in a workmanlike style, at the shortest notice, and on reasonable terms. Great Collins-street, # 2nd door from Elliabeth-streeL ) Melbourne, 18th May 1842. LAND SURVEYING.— Survey., plans, and valuations of lands, executed with skill, fidelity and despatch, and on the most moderate terms, by Mr. Antony Llndale, at the agency office, of Mr. Robert Reeves, Markct-Bquare. Melbourne. N.B. — A liberal allowance to auctioneera and agents. Port Phillip Steam Navigation Company. A SPECIAL General Meeting of Shareholders will be held on Tuesday, the 21st day of June current, at the Exchange Knums, Lamb Inn, at two o'clock, r.M., at which time, in pursuance of a resolution passed at the General Meeting of April 28th, the Company's charter of the t'oriflir will be taken into consideration. JAMES SIMPSON, Managing Director. Whari; June I3lh. MR. DEKNYS, lately arrived per Corsair , from Loudon, and now of Queen-street, Melbourne, has for sale port and sherry wiues, in draft and in cams, of a quality scarcely to be obtained at any price in these colooies. Previous to quitting England Mr. Dennys was a partner in the fltro of Creswell, Dennys and Stokes, of London, Cadir, and Oporto, wholesale port and sherry shippers to the Loodon and country merchants ; and upon the dissolution of the firm he selected the choicest parcels of'thcir stock, which he now offers to the inhabitants of Melbourne, and would most particularly claim a trial of the wines in question from the acting committee of the clubs, feeling ansured that their character will bc&r; him out in his assertions re garding them. The prices are, for the case wine — 46i. per do, for port, and 489. fur sherry. Queen-street, June 15th, 1842. One Hundred Pounds Reward ; or a Free Pardon and Passage to England. Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 18th April, 1842. WHEREAS it has been represented to the Government, that on the night of the 23rd February last, a party of six or more Euro peans surprised a number uf aboriginal nutives, sleeping in a tea-tree scrub, in the immed ale vicinity of the station of Messrs Smith and Osbrey, in the Portland Bay District, and then and there barbarously murdered three aboriginal females, und one male child, by gun or pistol shots, besides wounding a fourtii female: His ExceJlency -the Governor direct it to be notified that a Reward of One Hundred Pounds will be paid to any tree person or persuns, (except tbe actual perpetrator) who shall give such information as shall lead to the conviction of the parties guilty of the above crime ; and if the party giving such information be a prisoner of the Crown, application will be made to Her Majesty for the alluwauce of a Free Pardon and a Passage to England to auch Prisoner of the Crown. By His Excellency's command, E. DEAS THOMSON. market commission, May 19th. 1842. Present — Messrs. Simpson, Porter, St. John, Peers Fawkucr, Stephen, ond Dobson. Mr, Simpson in the Chair. WHEREAS the existing regulations with regurd to Hay, btrnw, and Fodder, Wheat, Barley, nnd Oats in the straw, enable the carters bring, ug the sBincio Market to evade thepaymeut of the dues: Resolved, — That all carts or drays, conveying Huy, Straw, or Fodder for cuttle, bo taken to the Hay Market before delivery to purchasers, unless the drivers ot such carta shall be fur nished by the vendor with b written order of lii'hvnrc _ muntersifmed hv the IusnecUir of the duty or curt witii'sueh produce RA ufo rtsWtrpafitl J who ahull deliver aucli load of produce without such order, shall be deemed to hove hawked the Bunie, contrary to the Market Regulations, and ou convictiou forfeit for every such offence the sum of Five Pouudrt. And any such driver refusing to produce a ticket bs aforesaid, when required by any Commissioner of Markets, or peraons acting under their authority shall l>e liable to detention, aod upon conviction belorc any Justice of the Peace, of such offence, ahall be liable to a peoalty of not more than forty nor les9 than tea shillings. The following Dues to be exacted for Weighing: — One penny per 100 up to 120U, and from 1200 to a ton oue shilling. From one ton to one onda half, one shilling and sixpence. From one nnd a half to two tons, two shillings; and upwards of two tons, two shillings and sixpence. The market dueB for carU with produce will be charged at tbe rote of half of the above charges for Market dues. Resolved, — That a Plan of the Haymarket be drawn out, and stands offered to those desirous of renting them for the purpose of erecting Hay and Corn Sheds or Stalls, tor the sale of those articles. Due notice of such Stands being opened for selection, to be previously advertised in the public newspapers. The above Regulations to take effect from the first day of June next. JAMES SIMPSON, JOHN STEPHEN, JAMES DOBSON, JOHN P. FAWKNER, JOHN J. PEERS, GEORGE PORTER, FREDERICK BERKLEY ST. JOHN. To all whom it may concern. -JfOTICE is hereby given, that the co-part- J| nershlp lately subsisting between us, Ho ratio Nelson Cnrrington and Frederick Lord Clay, as attorneys, solicitor, and proctors, in the town of Melbourne, in the district of Port Phillip, aud colony of New South Wales, was dissolvedon the 28lh day of April last, and as conveyancers by mutual consent, on the day of the date hereof. And we further give notice, that Benjamin Baxter, of Melbourne aforesaid, Enquire, is duly authorised by us to recc.ve all monies whatsoever due and owing to the firm of Carrington and Clay ; end that the receipt of ihe said Benjumin Baxter alone will be a sufficient discharge to the partiex paying the same respectively. And we hereby request that tbe accounts thereof, when presented will be immediately discharged. We further re quire that all accounts due from tlie said firm be forthwith aent to the said Benjamin Baxter for examination and payment. H. N. CARRINGTON. FREDRICK LORD CLAY. Witness — HENRY MOOR Solicitor, Melbourne. ir.. snir annrU_ Flowers and Gloves. Ex Sewings. " CHARLES WILLIAMSON S: CO. have received as below : — » One case of furs, containing Boas, Capes, Muffs, in Down, Swan, Squirrel Back, Real Sable and Ermine, in aires suitable for Ladies and Children, the newest shapes. Swan and Down Trimmings aud Operas. One case Silk Goods, containing Plain and Rich Brocaded coloured Silks, Black and co- oured Sattlnette, Gros de Naples, d'Ottomans, and alarge assortment of French ! lowers. One cae GIovcb, containing coloured and White French Kid, Drab Norway Doe, and real Buck. All of a very superior quality. The fun will be landed in a few day b. June 2. Just Published, THE IMMIGRANT'S POCKET ALMANAC, PXuce 2b. Gd. CONTAINING every variety of local informa tion, embracing in iu contents every thing of public or general interest in tbe pro vince, which renders it not only Invaluable to tlie newly arrived, but also to the settler, merchant, and tradesman, for whose benefit it was mainly com piled, It contains nearly one hundred closely printed pages, and its contents will be found, as tbe subjoined list will show) ample and complete. ' Eclipses and Cycles— General Tide Tale — Calendar for the Year. Sydney Establishments, — Governor — Executive Council — Legislative ditto— The Judge — Heads of Departments. Port Phillip Ej/a&fif;/imrnfs. — Heads of Depart ments — Judicial and Legal — Barristers — Soli citors . Ecclesiastical Establishments. — Church of En gland — Catholic — Presbyterian— Wejloyan — In dependent Medical, — Physicians — Surgeons— Apotheca ries, &c.; Government Offices. — Superintendent's — Trea sury — Survey. — Customs — The »Port — Observa tory — Public WorkB — Protectorate — Crown Land Commissioners — Immigration Board — Magistrates of the Province. District Appointments.— Gee. long — Portland — The Grange. Miscellaneous. — Military — Mounted Police — Commissariat — Market Commissioners — Mer- chants — Custom-House Agents — Auctioneers. Public Companies. — Bank of Australasia — Union Bank — Port Phillip Bank — Holidays at Banks — Savings' Bank — Steam Navigation — Bridge Company— Fire and Marine lnsurance. Institutions. — Bible Society — Temperance — Missionary — Theological Education — College — Kerr's Almanac — Immigrant's ditto — The Gazette — The Patriot — The Herald — The Geelong Adver- tiser — Mechanics' Institution. Societies. — Committee of Exchange — Odd Fellows' Lodge — Harmonic — Union Benefit — St. Andrews — Lodge of Australia Felix — Ditto Aus- tralasia Kilwinning — Separation — Hospital — Pastoral and Agricultural. Clubs. — Turf Club— Debating Society — Port Phillip Club — Melbourne Club. Sittings of Courts . — Supreme Court (Civil) — Ditto (Criminal) — Quarter Sessions — Court of Request. General Subjects. — Periods of Licenses — Beach Mail — Bonding Warehouses — Code of Signals — Wharf Regulations— Jetty ditto— Beariugs of Buoys — Regulations of Post Office — Ditto of Markets — Steam Vessels. Fees and Dues. — Customs' duties — Pilotage dues — Harbour dues — Customs' charges — Light- House dues — Wharfage dues — Rates of Postage — l'olicefces— -Diocesan ditto — Court of Requests ditto — Market dues — License fees— Punt Tolls — Trespass dues — Poundage charges — Impounding dues — Bonding charges — Ferry tolls— Newspaper charges. Directory. — Public Offices — Licensed Houses Merchants' Counting-Housei — Public Build ings, &c.; — Additions and alterations since going to Press, Lane and Swauston-Street. THE proprietor intimates to parties requiring the use of a Weigh Bridge, that he has erected one as above. The principle upon which it is constructed will ensure accuracy, either in a body of eight tons or one cwt. May 3. To Gentlemen possessing Gardens and Villas. TO Gentlemen requiring their Gardens and Grounds laid out and stocked, the under signed begs to offer his services, on tbe most reasonable terms. Orders left at Mr. Henley a Auction Room, Elizabeth-street, punctually at- teuded to. _ DANIEL BUNCE. Bark. THE undersigned will purchase a good sample of Mimosa Bark, deliverable at the whari. TAMES GAIN. For Sale, TWO elegant and commodious Cottages, with five acres of ground, at Richmond, on which are erected stables, and out offices requisite for a comfortable and respectable suburban residence. No objection to take stock in pxrt payment. Apply to ltJ J. ROACH. FOR SALE,— Seed Wheat, of a beautiful quality, anil of three varieties; Eclipse, Uxbridge, and Talavera ; likewise Millet and Gram.— Also, one of Kerkwood's Grubbers (vide page 29, vol. ii. British Husbandry). Apply to Mr. Silburne, Newlands, Pentridgc. April 2, 1842. For Sale. THAT Splendid entire Draught Horse, " Pioughboy," bright bay, black pointa, got by " Duncan Grey," out of a 14 Sam" mare, aged; now running at Messrs. Cumming and Smyth's station, Mount Macedon. For terms apply to rMiAltt Rf RRnAITFnnT. Collins-street. For Sale. A HERD of Cattle, within forty miles of Mel bourne, consisting of 1 10 Cows and heifers, in calf to imported bulla Also, 4 Mares For particulars apply to CRAIG & BROADFOOT. Melbourne, 17 May, 1842. Two Pounds Reward. THE above reward will be given to any one bringing to the Pier Hotel two cows, with heifer calves, branded DHM on the hips, and FBS on the ribs, and FL ; one red pole. Man ton &c; Co's. Steam Mills. THE proprietors be to inform the public, that in future the pncea of flour at their milla will be the same as Van Diemen'g Land mill- prices. January 20th. 1710U sale at the stores of the undesigned — _ First and second Van Dicmen's Land flour Tea, sugar, rice, negrohead tobacco, colonial to bacco, Liverpool salt, rock salt, port and sherry wine in three dozen cases. Ironmongery of all kinds Blops of every description And every article requsite for the settler. Goods atorcd. F. NODIN. Williams-street, Market Square, April, 1842. J Cattle Farms, with Stock and Forest Farms, for Cultivation, to he let fay the Van Dieraeri'i Land Company. THE Company propose to let Cattle Farms, at the Surrey Hills, on the following terms:; — Each farm to consist of not leas thin one square mile, which may be selected out of 50,000 acres. With each farm will be let 10 cowa and 10 two-year -old heifers or steers, to be paid for in cash or stock of equal value, at the end of four years. The rent for the land and stock included, will be 2«. per acre, and the tenant will have the right to lay out the first three years rent in fencing. At Emit Bay, and on the main laud at Circular Head, the Company propose to let farms offlO acres each and upwards fur cultivation,' at 2s. per acre, and giving the tenant the same right of laying out the first three years rent in fencing. Ta every tenant will be secured the right to purchase his farm at the end ofseven years, or ai soon after as the Company are empowered by their charter to sell at the fixed price of £2 per acre, and a long credit will be given for the purchase money at 6 percent, interest. Tenants of Forest &rrn8; not wishing to avail theraielve of the right to purchase, will, at tha , end of their 7 years lease he paid for their im provements at the rate of £4 per acre for every acre which they have cultivated and so far cleared as not to have left more than 10 stumpi of trees per acre standing. On the peninsula of Circular Head, a few 80 acre sections will be let on a clearing lease, rent free, for 7 years, but without the right to purchase and at the end of the lease the" Company will pay the tenants a bonus of £2 per acre for every acre of land entirely cleared and cultivated ; It being incumbent on the tenant to clear at least 40 acres. In every lease will be introduced such stipula tions as are necessary to prevent the establishment of public-houses. To secure to the tenants rights of roads and drainage, and the .use of the Com pany's wharf. To enable the Company to open and close roads, ensuring compensation to tenants prejudiced by their formation. To reserve to the Company the use of indigenous, timber and materials for works of general benefit, and for making Llie Colonial fencing act applicable to adjoining tenants. Mechanics and other persons not requiring farms, will obtain Town Allotments at the rate of 10s. per quarter acre, with ihe right to pur chase the fVe-simple at ten poundB. Parties wishing to inspect the District ad vertised, will meet with every facility and infor mation by applying to Messrs. Henty and Co., Launceston, or T. H. Power, Esq., Melbourne. (Signed) JAMES GIBSON Circular Head, March 3. IOR SALE, from '500 to 1700 prime clean . young ewes, with an extensive station, twenty miles distant from Geelong. From its proximity to the rapidly increasing town of Gee long, together with tlie very peaceable disposition of the natives in the neighbourhood, this station offers many advantages for the residence of a family. Apply to Mr. Roadknight, Geelong. LANDING ex Eleanor from Mauritius, and for sale — 448 bags sugar 793 coils rope 96G bags dates 891 jars ditto 2 boxes plumbago A UtUC UJUUCUU. jnnivin __WJ£REj BROTHERS & CO. |j1UR SALE, at the Stores of the undersigned, t' ex Sultan , Welcome , Emma, and other late arrivals — Barclay and Ferkin's porber in bottle Edinburgh and Englisn ale ditto Port andaberry wine ditto, of superior quality A few cases very fine claret Scotch whisky in quarter casks Pale and dark cognac brandy in bottle Assorted cases boots and shoes Scotch soap and mould candles Men's leghorn and straw hats Rod and bar iron, of sizes Sykes' blister steel, L. Cust iron pots, of sizes Baltic deals and battecG, sawn and uniawn Dairy salt in bags Corrosive sublimate Oil of Turpentine Green and white paint BELLS & BUCHANAN. Church-square, 24th March. JUST arrived per Hopkinson, and for sale a the stores of the undersigned. By Allison and Allison, London cottage, rose, zebra, mahogany, and satin wood pianos, of the mo6t modern «aste, and elegantly finished One box of music, vocal and instrumental Plated wares and British plate, in great variety Hardware ditto Double demy news, &c;,, leather, in calf and fancy skins, &c.;"; crown glasB, all sizes ; boots and shots, pearl ashes, porter id hogsheads, an assortment of drugs, sewn muslins and other dry goods, saddlery and cart harness, brandy, gin, Campbeltown whisky, sherries, port, claret, and other wines, pork, oats, hay, blocks, iron, tinware, Scotch ploughs, oatmeal, painti, whiting, &c;( &c.;, &c.; PULLAR, PORTER & CO. May 12, 1842. SEED WHEAT of excellent quality on aale at the atoresof the undersigned. laii'C fin AM A At May 27- Wheat. ALISON AND KNIGHT are purchasers of Wheat. Melbourne Mills, Collins-Bt. and Little Flinderi-at. April 3, 1842. ffflO BE LETj several small farms on the 8yd- J_ ney Road, varying in size from 60 to 200 acres. The aoil is generally of 6rst-rate quality, and produces large crops. The distance from town very short, by a really good road. ApplU cation to be made to Messrs. MONTGOMERY anfoM'CRAE, Solid ton Melbourne, Jan. 17. Kirkland's Estate. THE creditors on this estate will receive a dividend of 4s. 3d. per pound on their re spective claims, being a second dividend, The dividend will be received on calling at the office of Bella and Buchanan, Church-square. W1LLLIAM M. BELL, Trustee. Those creditors who have not called for tha first dividend are requested to do so. 26th May. To Let or Sell, SEVERAL very rich and desirably aituated. lots of land, in portions of from ten to twelve acres, situated on the south bank of tbe Yarra. Apply to J. D. Lyon Campbell, at Campbellfield, Yarra Yarra. Melbourne, March 26. 