THE GAZETTE GENERAL PRINTING OFFICE. This office having obtained from England a new and CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF TYPES, Is placed In a position to outvie all competition, both in chastencss of design and beauty of type, the latest and most elegant productions of the typefounder having been added to the Establish- ment. JOB PRINTING Completed with despatch and accuracy ; in short, every production, from the Volume to the Hand Bill, will issue from the Gazette General Print- ing Office with every care for its effect, both in style and workmanship. CHANGE OF TIME— VESTA". To meet the wishes of the [?] , public, the Vesta iron steamer will leave Williams Town and Melbourne as un- dermentioned, commencing on Monday, June 6 : — From Williams Town . . . . 0 a. m. — 2p. m. ,, Melbourne . . . . 12 a.m. — 4 p.m. on Sundays. From Melbourne . . . . 1/2 past 10 a.m. — 2 p.m. ,, Williams Town 1/2 past 12 p.m. — 5 p.m. MANTON & CO. ? FOR PORTLAND BAY.— The fine fast-sailing brig HENRY, Grainger, master, will leave for the freight or passage apply to the master on board, or to F. PITTMAN, Agent. Market Square, June 16. CHEAP GROCERY WAREHOUSE. Who would go to Melbourne to buy Grocery, when they can get it 10 per cent. cheaper than the Melbourne prices at Clarke's Grocery Establish- ment, Williams-street, Collingwood, back of M'Guire's Wine Vaults ? R. T. CLARKE, in offering his stock of goods to the public, assures them that one trial will convince them of their superiority. They have been well-selected, and are not only the best description, but cheaper than any ever yet imported to this colony, and lower than any house in town. N.B. — R. T. C.'s Grocery Establishment is at the back of M'Guire's Derwent Wine Vaults. G. NICHOLSON, THROUGH the medium of this advertisement, begs to inform the gentry and residents of the neighbourhood of the Supreme Court, that he has opened a shop, containing in its detail, a general assortment of groceries, crockery, &c.; &c.;, from which can be furnished, articles of the best descriptions, on reasonable terms. In another part of his establishment, and dis- tinct from interference with the grocery depart- ment, he has fitted up an apartment for the sup- ply to ladies and gentlemen, of every assortment of confectionary, which will also be made to order. G. N. from his experience in his business, as a confectioner and grocer, speaks confidently of his abilities to suit the tastes and supply the wants of those who may favour him with their patronage The shop is situated directly opposite the Supreme Court, at the corner of Great Bourke and King-streets. H. HANCOCK, watchmaker, respectfully intimates that in consequence of his new Shop not being quite completed, he is about to remove, for a short period, to the next door, now occupied by Mr. Hart. Collins-street, Melbourne, May, 1842. SCOTS CHURCH. WITH the view of erecting Pews in the Scots Church, the Trustees have opened a special subscription list to receive the names of those persons and families who desire to secure sittings, and who arc willing to contribute the amount necessary to furnish the number they require. One pound per sitting being considered the least sum that will cover the expense of the further works proposed (viz., the pews, pulpit, &c.;,) parties will have to advance this sum for each sitting they wish, and it is to be understood that this is a ready money subscription to be paid immediately. This arrangement is absolutely necessary, a considerable debt having been in- curred for what has been already done. The pews now to be erected will be rent free until the end of 1842, at which period rents will commence and be payable in advance quarterly. N.B. — As there will be considerable variety in the rents charged for sittings in different parts of the Church, persons are to have the right of selecting sittings for themselves and families in the order determined by the amount of subscrip- tions actually paid for the erection and completion of the Church. Subscription lists will be in the Church, School House, the Banks, at Mr. Holmes', Williamson and Co. 's, Collins-street, and sundry other places. Melbourne, May 25. Notice. To the different Gentlemen of the District, and the Public In general.— The charges of any Punt are licensed for — Cart, Dray, or Gig . . . . . . . . . . . . 5s. 0d. Horse . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 0 Man . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 0 6 Bullocks, under ten head . . . . . . 0 8 Ditto, over ten head . . . . . . . . . . 0 6 Sheep, per score . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 0 Any person requiring a book account kept for puntage, will please furnish me with written orders, and pay the accounts quarterly, and all accounts for puntage outstanding above six months, are requested to be settled immediately, otherwise further orders will not be attended to. I remain in obedience and attendance to the Public, JOHN CLARK. . ' Goulbourn River Punt, May 30th, 1842. JUST PUBLISHED, AND TO BE HAD OF CARFRAE & BLAND COLLINS STREET, MELBOURNE, MARSUPIALIA, or, the pouched Animals of Australia, by G. R. Waterhouse, Esq., Curator to the "Zoological Society of London, illustrated by thirty-six coloured plates, &c.; &c.; "The discovery of New South Wales, amongst other wonders, first made us acquainted with the existence of almost all, the Marsupialia quadru-, peds, and the advertisers trust that they present to the public a treat of no ordinary kind when they lay before them this work, exclusively de- voted to the consideration of that very ? and extensive family." GARDEN SEEDS. MAY be obtained from Mr. C. Vaughan, Inspector of Markets, at his office, in the market, packages of seeds containing the following assortment : — 1 lb. Early Mazagan beans, 1 lb. green long pod, 1 lb. white Windsor, l oz. white Cape Brocalie, 1/2 oz. white self-protecting ditto, 1/2 oz. dwarf Danish, 1/2 oz targe lab. cauliflower, l oz. largo Cape savoy, 4oz. Altringham carrot, 2 oz. E. horse ditto, 1/4 lb. scarlet runners, 1/2 lb. E white dwarf ditto, 1/2 lb. red speckled ditto, 1/2 lb. prickly spin- nage, 1/2 lb. round ditto, 2 lbs. early charlatan peas, 1 lb. grooms dwarf blue, 1 lb. blue Prussian, 1 lb. white ditto, 1 lb. dwarf mar- row, l oz. curled parsley, 2 oz. long scarlet reddish, 2 oz. red garden beet, l oz. E dwarf cabbage, l oz. large York ditto, 1/2 oz. late Drumhead, 1/2 oz. blood red, 1/2 oz. sugar loaf, l oz. dwarf German seeds, l oz. Scotch flay leek, l oz. blood red onion, l oz, stras onion, l oz. Jas. long keeping ditto, 2 oz. Tripoli Giant ditto, 2 oz. common parsnip, l oz. E. white Dutch Turnip, 2 oz. yellow Altringham, l oz. yellow stone, 2 oz. garden Swede, 1/4 oz. red solid celery, 3 oz. curled cress, 1/2 oz. mixed lettuce, l oz. turnip rooted reddish, 1 package fine mixed capsicum. Also, small packages, containing a selec- tion of choice FLOWER SEEDS. Turnip Seeds, including varieties. Notice to Advertisers. It having come to the knowledge of the Pro- prietors of the Melbourne Press that some advertisers and other parties requiring printing performed, are in the habit of stating that they can get their orders executed at a lower rate than that agreed upon by the undersigned as fair and reasonable charges, the Proprietors of the different newspaper offices hereby give public notice that the charges for advertising and printing at the Herald, Gazette, and Patriot Offices, are pre- cisely similar in every respect, and that in no in- stance whatever will the present prices be departed , from. A copy of the scale of charges can be seen at either of the Printing Offices. G. ARDEN, Gazette. G. CAVENAGH, Herald. KERR and THOMPSON, Patriot. Melbourne, Jan. 18 1842. IMPERIAL INN, COLLINS STREET, MELBOURNE Adjoining the Port Phillip Gazette Office, BY HENRY BAKER. Good accommodation for bushmen or immi- grants; refreshments at all hours; well aired beds; board and lodging; good stabling; superior wines, malt and spirituous liquors. IMMIGRANTS BAGGAGE STORED. Terms economical. A CARD. G. BLANDFORD, (Late Milbourne,) HAIR DRESSING, GENERAL FANCY TOILET AND PERFUMERY ESTABLISHMENT. G. BLANDFORD begs to inform the inha- bitants of Melbourne and its vicinity, that he has taken the premises lately occupied by Mr. Hart, where he requests an early inspection of his Stock of Perfumery, received direct from England, ex late arrivals — and feels confident, that by strict punctuality to orders, he will merit a continuance of that patronage so liberally be- stowed upon his predecessor. A skilful hand engaged in the Hair Cut- ting Department. Cheap Watches. THOMAS HILL, Watchmaker, Jeweller, &c.;, &c.;, intimates that by the vessels Hopkinson, Arkwright, and other late arrivals, he has re- ceived a supply of superior patent lever watches manufactured expressly to order, in neat hunting and double-bottomed cases, which he is deter- mined to retail at 25 per cent, advance on the English prices. N.B — Repairs executed in a workmanlike style, at the shortest notice, and on reasonable terms. Great Collins-street, 2nd door from Elizabeth-street. Melbourne, 18lh May 1842. LAND SURVEYING.— Surveys, plans, and valuations of lands, executed with skill, fidelity and despatch, and on the most moderate terms, by Mr. Antony Lindale, at the agency offices of Mr. Robert Reeves, Market-square, Melbourne. N.B. — A liberal allowance to auctioneers and agents. MR. DENNYS, lately arrived per Corsair, from London, and now of Queen-street, Melbourne, has for sale port and sherry wines, in draft and in cases, of a quality scarcely to be obtained at any price in these colonies. Previous to quitting England Mr. Dennys was a partner in the firm of Creswell, Dennys and Stokes, of London, Cadiz, and Oporto, wholesale port and sherry shippers to the London and country merchants and upon the dissolution of the firm he selected the choicest parcels of their stock, which he now offers to the inhabitants of Melbourne, and would most particularly claim a trial of the wines in question from the acting committee of the clubs, feeling assured that their character will bear him out in his assertions re- garding them. The prices are, for the case wine — 46s. per doz. for port, and 48s. for sherry. Queen-street, June 15th, 1842. Dissolution of Partnership. NOTICE is hereby given, that the co-partner- ship hitherto existing between us, Henry Frencham and George Milligan, as Auctioneers and Commission Agents, has been dissolved this day by mutual consent, the business for the future to he carried on by George Milligan, by whom all debts due by the Firm shall be paid, and all debts contracted by us as Partners in the above business shall be met. Parties indebted to the Firm are requested to .settle their accounts, and all persons having claims are requested to send in the same without delay. Dated this Seventeenth day of June, One Thousand Eight Hundred and Forty-two. HENRY FRENCHAM, GEORGE MILLIGAN. Witness — WILLIAM JOHNSTON. HIBERNIAN HOTEL. Elizabeth-street. MATHEW MOLONEY begs to intimate to his friends and the public in general, that he has replenished his stock with a choice assort- ment of wines and spirits, ale and porter on draft and in bottle, and at considerably reduced prices, and solicits a continuance of their patronage, which by strict attention and moderate charges he will endeavour to merit. May 17. CARRIAGE REPOSITORY, CARRIAGES — warranted of the very best English materials; and equal, in style, to those of any establishment in London, are manufactured by SAMUEL MILES, COACH-MAKER, LAUNCESTON. The following is a list of prices: — New STANHOPE, with Mail Axles and Lamps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63gs. Ditto, ditto, ditto, without Lamps . . 6-gs. New CAB PHAETON, with Turn-over Seat behind, Patent Axles, Eliptic Springs, Lamps, and lined Morocco, for one horse . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85gs. New CAB PHAETON, with Head and German Shutters, Eliptic Spriugs, Patent Axles, Lamps, &c.;, for two hones . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . £180 New BRITSKA, on Eliptic Springs, Mail Axles, Head, and German Shut- ters, Lamps, &c.;, for two horses . . . . £200 New DOG-CART, Lancewood Shafts, Venetian Door behind, Patent Axles, and four Springs attached . . . . . . . . . . £60 New TROTTING GIG, Skeleton Body, with Drop Box, Lancewood Shafts, Patent Axles, and two long Springs . . 50gs. Any gentleman desirous of giving an order can previously see a drawing of the description he would like by application to the Repository, Launceston, or to B. C. JOLLY, Gazette Office, Melbourne. Boarding and Day School. MRS. LARGE begs leave to apprise the inhabitants of Melbourne and its vicinity that it is her intention to receive a limited number of respectable young ladies as boarders, and engages to teach the various branches of a good modern education, comprising French, Music, Singing, Drawing, the advanced courses of English, with Writing and Arithmetic, combining the strictest attention to the domestic comfort of her pupils, and assiduous care over their moral and religious instruction. From the long experience Mrs. L. has had in the education and care of young ladies, she confi- dently hopes to give satisfaction to those who may favour her with their patronage. Twice a year an examination will be held before the clergymen of Melbourne, when an attendance of the parents and friends of the pupils will be requested. 'Terms for boarders, including education and washing, £65 per annum. Particulars as to terms for day pupils may be known on enquiry at D. Large's Russell-street An accomplished Governess will be engaged. School to commence on the 1st of June. NEW GOODS, JUST OPENED, AT THE COMMERCIAL HOUSE, OPPOSITE THE BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. MR. A. HART having just opened a splen- did Assortment of Goods, SUITABLE FOR THE PRESENT SEASON, has deter- mined on selling at THE VERY' LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES, they consist of - Kidderminster Carpets and Hearth Rugs, hemp Carpeting, suitable for offices, &c.; Lynx, Sable, Squirrel (grey and white) Boas and Capes SHORT CLOAKS with SILK HOODS Worsted Plaids, of numerous patterns, suitable for Ladies' and Children's Dresses French du Capes and Gros de Naples A few boxes splendid dark Ribbons Figured and plain Orleans Cloth, Saxonies,' and dark De Laines Children's Pelisses and Tunics, in velvet, worsted plaid, jean and De Laine French Kid Gloves, colored and white, long and short French Stays, and Reticules A LARGE QUANTITY OF SHAWLS, SCARFS, AND HANDKERCHIEFS. Nursery Diapers. Lawn, Irish Linens Tuscan, Rutland Plait, Rice, and Dunstable Bonnets British and Foreign Artificial Flowers Baby Linen in variety, Satin Hats and Bonnets for Infants Silk, Cotton, and Woollen Hosiery, black, white and colored, for ladies gents and children Thibet Gloves for ditto Edgings, Lace, Blonds and Quillings Gentlemen's fashionable black and colored Ker- seymere and Buckskin Trousers, blue pilot cloth ditto and Coats Black 8atin and corded Silk Waistcoats, Chenè Velvet Riding Coats While Shirts, linen and long cloth, in great variety Boy's Cloth Suits, with jackets and tunics London Gossamer and Beaver Hats, and blue Caps WHITNEY BLANKETS, WHITE AND COLORED COUNTERPANES. June 18, 1842. NEW FASHIONS VICTORIA HOUSE. M. CASHMORE & CO. BEG to inform the ladies of Melbourne and its vicinity, that they have received the remainder of their WINTER STOCK!! And solicit an inspection of the samc ?. M. C. & Co. beg to say, that they think them- selves justified in saying, that they are of a FASHION end QUALITY never before OFFERED IN THIS HEMISPHERE! An early application is necessary to secure a choice of the above. Melbourne, June 17th. St. Andrew's Society of Australia Felix. THE members propose to dine together at the Caledonian Hotel, Lonsdale-street, on Satur- day 25th instant, to celebrate the anniversary of the battle of Bannockburn. The Hon. J. E. Murray, President of the Society, ta be in the chair; Claud Farie, Esq., Vice-President, Croupier. Stewards — Isaac Buchanan, Hugh Jamieson, W. M, Bell, Archibald M'Lachlan, William Kerr, and Andrew M. M'Cree. Dinner to be on the table at 5 o'clock precisely. Tickets of admission to members only, to be had of any of the Stewards, on or before Thursday, the 23rd instant. Pastoral and Agricultural Society of Australia Felix. THE Directors of the Pastoral and Agricul- tural Society of Australia Felix, hereby give notice that the next SHOW will be held in Melbourne, on WEDNESDAY, the fifth day of October, when the following premiums will be awardcd; — HORSES. For the best blood stallion — five pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best colonial bred blood stallion — two pounds. For the best cart stallion — three pounds. For the beat colonial bred cart stallion — two pounds. For the best coach stallion — three pounds. For the best colonial bred coach stallion — two pounds. MARES. For the best blood mare — five pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best colonial bred blood mare — two pounds. For the best cart mare — three pounds. For the best colonial bred cart mare — two pounds. For the best coach mare — three pounds. For the best colonial bred coach mare — two pounds. YOUNG STOCK. For the best two-year-old colonial-bred colt adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial bred colt adapted for draught — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial-bred colt adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial bred colt adapted for draught — two pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial bred filly adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial bred filly adapted for draught — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial- bred filly adapted for the saddle — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial bred filly adapted for draught — two pounds. BULLS. For the best bull of any breed — five pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best colonial- bred bull — three pounds. COWS. For the best pen of ten cows — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best cow of any breed — three pounds. For the best colonial-bred cow — three pounds. YOUNG STOCK. For the best two- year-old colonial-bred bull — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial-bred bull — two pounds. For the best pen of five two-year-old colonia bred heifers — five pounds. For the best pen of five yearling colonial-bred heifers — five pounds. For the best two-year-old colonial-bred heifer — two pounds. For the best yearling colonial-bred heifer — two pounds. BULLOCKS. For the best team of eight working bullocks — four pounds. For the best five fat bullocks — four pounds. SHEEP. For the best five long-woolled rams — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five fine-woolled rams — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five long-woolled ewes — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five fine-woolled ewes — ten pounds, or a silver medal of that value. For the best five fine woolled maiden ewes — five pounds. For the best five fat Wethers — five pounds. SWINE For the best boar of any breed — three pounds. For the best sow of any breed — three pounds. For the best store pig — two pounds. N. B. — Forty pounds have been placed at the disposal of the Judges as premiums for such agri- cultural produce and extra stock as may be ex- hibited. WILLIAM KERR, Secretary. One Hundred Pounds Reward; or a Free Pardon and Passage to England. Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 18th April, 1842. WHEREAS it has been represented to the Government, that on the night of the 23rd February last, a party of six or more Euro- peans surprised a number of aboriginal natives, sleeping in a tea-tree scrub, in the immediate vicinity of the station of Messrs Smith and Oebrey, in the Portland Hay District, and then and there barbarously murdered three aboriginal females, and one male child, by gun or pistol shots, besides wounding a fourth female; His Excellency the Governor directs it to be notified that a Reward of One Hundred Pounds will be paid to any free person or persons, (except the actual perpetrator) who shall give such information as shall lead to the conviction of the parties guilty of the above crime ; and if the party giving such information be a prisoner of the Crown, application will be made to Her Majesty for the allowance of a Free Pardon and a Passage to England to such Prisoner of the Crown. By His Excellency's command, E. DEAS THOMSON. To all whom it may concern. NOTICE is hereby given, that the co-part- nership lately subsisting between us, Ho- ratio Nelson Carrington and Frederick Lord Clay, as attorneys, solicitor, and proctors, in the town of Melbourne, in the district of Port Phillip, and colony of New South Wales, was dissolved on the 28th day of April last, and as conveyancers by mutual consent, on the day of the date hereof. And we further give notice, that Benjamin Baxter, of Melbourne aforesaid, Esquire, is duly authorised by us to receive all monies whatsoever due and owing to the firm of Carrington and Clay ; and that the receipt of the said Benjamin Baxter alone will be a sufficient discharge to the parties paying the same respectively. And we hereby request that the accounts thereof, when presented will be immediately discharged. We further re- quire that all accounts due from the said firm be forthwith sent to the said Benjamin Baxter for examination and payment. H. N. CARRINGTON. FREDRICK LORD CLAY. Witness — HENRY MOOR Solicitor, Melbourne. Furs, Silk Goods, Flowers and Gloves. Ex 'SEPPINGS." CHARLES WILLIAMSON & CO. have received as below: — One case of furs, containing Boas, Capes, Muffs, in Down, Swan, Squirrel Back, Real Sable and Ermine. in sizes suitable for Ladies and Children, the newest shapes. Swan and Down Trimmings and Operas. One case Silk Goods, containing Plain and Rich Brocaded coloured Silks, Black and co- oured Sattinetts, Gros de Naples, d'Ottomans, and a large assortment of French Flowers. One case Gloves, containing coloured and White French Kid, Drab Norway Doe, and real Buck. All of a very superior quality. The furs will be landed in a few days. Just Published, THE IMMIGRANT'S POCKET ALMANAC, PRICE 2s. 6d. CONTAINING every variety of local informa- tion, embracing in its contents every thing of public or general interest, in the pro- vince, which renders it not only invaluable to the newly arrived, but also to the settler, merchant, and tradesman, for whose benefit it was mainly com- piled. It contains nearly one hundred closely printed pages, and its contents will be found, as the subjoined list will show, ample and complete. Eclipses and Cycles — General Tide Tale — Calendar for the Year. Sydney Establishment. — Governor — Executive Council — Legislative ditto — The Judge — Heads of Departments. Port Phillip Establishments. — Heads of Depart- ments — Judicial and Legal — Barristers — Soli- citors. Ecclesiastical Establishments. — Church of En- gland — Catholic— Presbyterian — Wesleyan — In- dependent. Medical. — Physicians — Surgeons — Apotheca- ries, &c.; Government Offices. — Superintendent's — Trea- sury — Survey — Customs — The Port— Observa- tory — Public Works — Protectorate — Crown Land Commissioners — Immigration Board — Magistrates of the Province. District Appointments. — Geelong — Portland — The Grange. Miscellaneous. — Military — Mounted Police — Commissariat — Market Commissioners — Mer- chants — Custom-House Agents — Auctioneers. Public Companies. — Bank of Australasia - Union Bank — Port Phillip Bank — Holidays at Banks — Savings' Bank — Steam Navigation — Bridge Company — Fire and Marine Insurance. Institutions. — Bible Society — Temperance — Missionary — Theological Education — College — Kerr's Almanac — Immigrant's ditto — The Gazette — The Patriot— The Herald — The Geelong Adver- tiser — Mechanics' Institution. Societies. — Committee of Exchange — Odd Fellows' Lodge — Harmonic — Union Benefit — St. Andrews — Lodge of Australia Felix — Ditto Aus- tralasia Kilwinning — Separation — Hospital — Pastoral and Agricultural. Clubs. — Turf Club — Debating Society — Port Phillip Club — Melbourne Club. Sittings of Courts. — Supreme Court (Civil) — Ditto (Criminal) — Quarter Sessions — Court of Request. General Subjects. — Periods of Licenses — Beach Mail — Bonding Warehouses — Code of Signals- Wharf Regulations — Jetty ditto — Hearings of Buoys — Regulations of Post Office — Ditto of Markets — Steam Vessels. Fees and Dues. — Customs' duties — Pilotage dues — Harbour dues — Customs' charges — Light- House dues — Wharfage dues — Rates of Postage — Police fees — Diocesan ditto — Court of Requests ditto — Market dues — License fees — Punt Tolls — Trespass dues — Poundage charges — Impounding dues — Bonding charges — Ferry tolls — Newspaper charges. Directory. — Public Offices — Licensed Houses Merchants' Counting-Houses — Public Build- ings, &c.; — Additions and alterations since going to Press. New Weigh Bridge, at the junction of Flinders Lane and Swanston-Street. THE proprietor intimates to parties requiring the use of a Weigh Bridge, that he has erected one as above. The principle upon which it is constructed will ensure accuracy, either in a body of eight tons or one cwt. May 3. To Gentleman possessing Gardens and Villas. TO Gentlemen requiring their Gardens and Grounds laid out and stocked, the under- signed begs to offer his services, on the most reasonable terms. Orders left at Mr. Henley's Auction Room, Elizabeth-street, punctually at- tended to. DANIEL BUNCE. Bark. THE undersigned will purchase a good sample of Mimosa Bark, deliverable at the wharf. JAMES CAIN. For Sale, TWO elegant and commodious Cottages, with five acres of ground, at Richmond, on which are erected stables, and out offices requisite for a comfortable and respectable suburban residence. No objection to take stock in part payment. Apply to J. ROACH. FOR SALE, — Seed Wheat, of a beautiful quality, and of three varieties : Eclipse, Uxbridge, and Talavera ; likewise Millet and Gram. — Also, one of Kerkwood's Grubbers (vide page 29, vol. ii. British Husbandry). Apply to Mr. Silburne, Newlands, Pentridge. April 2, 1842. For Sale. THAT splendid entire Draught Horse, "Ploughboy," bright bay, black points, got by "Duncan Grey," out of a "Sam" mare, aged; now running at Messrs. Cumming and Smyth's station, Mount Macedon. For terms apply to CRAIG & BROADFOOT, Collins-street. For Sale. A HERD of Cattle, within forty miles of Mel- bourne, consisting of 110 Cows and heifers, in calf to imported bulls Also, 4 Mares For particulars apply to CRAIG & BROADFOOT. Melbourne, 17 May, 1842. Two Pounds Reward. THE above reward will he given to any one bringing to the Pier Hotel two cows, with heifer calves, branded DHM on the hips, and FBS on the ribs, and FL ; one red pole. Manton & Co's. Steam Mills. THE proprietors beg to inform the public, that in future the prices of flour at their mills will be the same as Van Diemen's Land mill- prices. January 20th. FOR sale at the stores of the undersigned — First and second Van Diemen'a Land flour Tea, sugar, rice, negrohead tobacco, colonial to- bacco, Liverpool salt, rock salt, port and sherry wine in three dozen cases. Ironmongery of all kinds Slops of every description And every article requisite for the settler. Goods stored. F. NODIN. Williams-street, Market Square, April, 1842. Cattle Farms, with Stock and Forest Farms, forr Cultivation, to be let by the Van Diemen's Land Company. THE Company propose to let Cattle Farms, at the Surrey Hills, on the following terms: — Each farm to consist of not less than one square mile, which may be selected out of 50,000 acres. With each farm will be let 10 cows and 10 two-year-old heifers or steers, to be paid for In cash or stock of equal value, at the end of four years. The rent for the land and stock included, will be 2s. per acre, and the tenant will have the right to lay out the first years rent in fencing. At Emu Bay, and on the main land at Circular Head, the Company propose to let farms of 80 acres each and upwards for cultivation, at 2s. per acre, and giving the tenant the same right of laying our the first three years rent in fencing. To every tenant will be secured the right to purchase his farm at the end of seven years, or as soon after as the Company are empowered by their charter to sell at the fixed price of £2 per acre, and a long credit will be given for the purchase money at 6 per cent. interest. Tenants of Forest farms not wishing to avail themselves of the right to purchase, will, at the end of their 7 years lease be paid for their im- provements at the rate of £4 per acre for every acre which they have cultivated and so far cleared as not to have left more than 10 stumps of trees per acre standing. On the peninsula of Circular Head, a few 80 acre sections will be let on a clearing lease, rent free, for 7 years, but without the right to purchase and at the end of the lease the Company will pay the tenants a bonus of £2 per acre for every acre of land entirely cleared and cultivated; it being incumbent on the tenant to clear at least 40 acres. In every lease will be introduced such stipula- tions as are necessary to prevent the establishment of public-houses. To secure to the tenants rights of roads and drainage, and the use of the Com- pany's wharf. To enable the Company to open and close roads, ensuring compensation to tenants prejudiced by their formation. To reserve to the Company the use of indigenous timber and materials for works of general benefit, and for- making the Colonial fencing act applicable to adjoining tenants. Mechanics and other persons not requiring farms, will obtain Town Allotments at the rate of 10s. per quarter acre, with the right to pur- chase the fee-simple at ten pounds. Parties wishing to inspect the District ad- vertised, will meet with every facility and infor- mation by applying to Messrs. Henry and Co., Launceston, or T. H. Power, Esq., Melbourne. (Signed) JAMES GIBSON Circular Head, March 3. FOR SALE, from 500 to 1700 prime clean young ewes, with an extensive station, twenty miles distant from Geelong. From its proximity to the rapidly increasing town of Gee- long, together with the very peaceable disposition of the natives in the neighbourhood, this station offers many advantages for the residence of a family. Apply to Mr. Roadknight, Geelong. LANDING ex Eleanor from Mauritius, and for sale — 448 bags sugar 793 coils rope 966 bags dates 891 jars ditto 2 boxes plumbago 1 bale tobacco. Apply to WERE, BROTHERS & CO. March 14. FOR SALE, at the Stores of the undersigned, ex Sultan , Welcome, Emma , and other late arrivals — Barclay and Perkin's porter in bottle Edinburgh and English ale ditto Port and sherry wine ditto, of superior quality A few cases very fine claret Scotch whisky in quarter casks Pale and dark cognac brandy in bottle Assorted cases boots and shoes Scotch soap and mould candles Men's leghorn and straw hats Rod and bar iron, of sizes Sykes' blister steel, L. Cast iron pots, of sizes Baltic deals and battens, sawn and unsawn Dairy salt in bags Corrosive sublimate Oil of Turpentine Green and white paint BELLS & BUCHANAN. Church- square, 24th March. JUST arrived per Hopkinson, and for sale a the stores of the undersigned. By Allison and Allison, London cottage, rose, zebra, mahogany, and satin wood pianos, of the most modern taste, and elegantly finished One box of music, vocal and instrumental Plated wares and British plate, in great variety Hardware ditto Double demy news, &c.;, leather, in calf and fancy skins, &c.; ; crown glass, all sizes; boots and shoes. pearl ashes, porter in hogsheads, an assortment of drugs, sewn muslins and other dry goods, saddlery and cart harness, brandy, gin, Campbeltown whisky, sherries, port, claret, and other wines, pork, oats, hay, blocks, iron, tinware, Scotch ploughs, oatmeal, paints, whiting, &c.; &c.;, &c.; PULLAR, PORTER & CO. May 12, 1842. SEED WHEAT of excellent quality on sale at the stores of the undersigned. JAMES GRAHAM. May 27. Wheat. ALISON AND KNIGHT are purchasers of Wheat. Melbourne Mills, Collins-st. and Little Flinders-st April 3, 1842. TO BE LET, several small farms on the Syd- ney Road, varying in size from 50 to 200 acres. The soil is generally of first-rate quality, and produces large crops. The distance from town very short, by a really good road. Appli- cation to be made to Messrs. MONTGOMERY and M'CRAE, Solicitors Melbourne, Jan. 17. Kirkland's Estate. THE creditors on this estate will receive a dividend of 4s. 3d. per pound on their re- spective claims, being a second dividend, The dividend will be received on calling at the office of Bells and Buchanan, Church-square. WILLLIAM M. BELL, Trustee. Those creditors who have not called for the first dividend are requested to do so. 26th May. To Let or Sell SEVERAL very rich and desirably situated lots of land, in portions of from ten to twelve acres, situated on the south bank of the Yarra. Apply to J. D. Lyon Campbell, at Campbellfield, Yarra Yarra. Melbourne, March 26. 