greasies rssrsjAc*», The PARIS i Cumian.-Thopinjecled alterations in the mode of performing Divine Ser vice at the above place of worship, to which allusion was made on a late occasion in this paper, have at length been accomplished; and the now (lion was brought iftcctiin|lj into use for the first time on Sunday last. the disk of the jumb clerk has been altogether relieved from the church, and the duty of this iuiiilioiifuy in his individual character that she 1, his pi lot being males casting an ungenial" amidst the untied boat" of singers, by whom responses until psalms are child, according to the pie;ailingiiis tomincathcdiil mil othircolhn; alcohuiohes. We are hon nil In spirit i}\d[ (la duties which devolved, on tip that" we e "but parlormaid, but we are not disposed altogether tending thcihfliirro from the famine primitive, and more determined (character and practice of the finals in parochial IIIUICIKB; and when we first saw the procession from the vestry, led by in it ray of bpo flying men in seaplanes, n id lialencil afterward' to the more than usual spirit of which they took the holy files, we could not help feeling struck very forcibly with the remarks uttered a few SIMS pre waist) at the Orangeism) on left Catholic Institute, where it was confidently and fearlessly assert, that the time was near hand when high mass would again, lip performed in a Westminister Abbey when white-robed pi tests and wool) tes would not ode (has replied aisles; and we trembled at the truth of a O'connell's observation on that occasion Ik 'M there were many incipient and Imitator,; M Stbthorps among the Protestant Minto,," ' through whom the hopes of the RumnntW 5-4 partywcrolikelytoberc.ilised.WcslmllaJT'i sea again to this momentous innovation at its . I sequent opportunity, contenting appeared! ""a present by repeating our conviction, that the M Church of England system is founded calling principle of its regular services renuirinr(¿''<v|} devotional habits, formed by selt-d¡scinfct*JÍ the place of which no attraction orexUw"mt motive can supply. Leamington Chronik M SALE OF LANDS It has been often at re marked that the variations which at mV II sive periods have been made by shortly it is ' ministrative authority in the liruicipleL, in which the waste lands should be uigpoitaVjH have discouraged the public from gratifies! money in the purchase of them. Thccojf'lH notice of the House of Commons, appoint H to investigate the subject in 1836, report S that the system of sale had time yet been put w ductive of all the good which might staff! pected to flow from it when brought into more extended operation, and with thefts mutes of an act of Parliament. Tlmy, things fore, recommended that the principle skins he affirmed by an act of the Legislature, a order to give to it a character of permanence and stability which it did not Ilion politics The same opinions were expressed by a? parliamentary committee of last year! the affairs of South Australia, with direct and ference, indeed, to that colony alone, ¿ut¡,'2 terms which showed that the committee LiSH - weighed the applicability of their vientJB all. We rejoice, therefore, in having to tttotlffi that (during the last twelve months the increases which the public lands shall be disposcdifffî in the most extensive regions which otcntifS in the course of settlement by British eMiisff prise and industry, including, therefore Is only Australia but Canada, has been item and regulated by legislative enactments. Ma regards Australia, the measure was writings headed by your lordship into Parliament during the present session, and lins receipts passed into a law. By this act, it is provided that no part of the public land shall ever alienated, except by sale; that all lands his be exposed once at least to public compeers lion, at an upset price of not less than in past acre, and that the portions of ordinary corn! Is try lands which, having been so offered MH remain unsold, shall afterwards be piirchiii-tjB able at the same price at which they liadbiejQ put up and not bought. It is like cnatltlM that the lowest upset price, once cstablhntfjjS in any of these colonies, is not to be reduced except by act of Parliament, and thaton tf half at least of the proceeds of the sales and; of necessity be appropriated to iininir;raliii.';S While such has been the provision made, by Parliament for regulating Bales of lands in II Australia, an act for the Rama piteous, i in Canada was passed by the legislators of the United Province in their first session.' 6 According to this law, the public landing a to be sold at a price to be from time to time j fixed and ascertained by the authority of the Governor. The Governor may also grim || a right of purchase by private contract has persons interested in acquiring particulars portions of land and he is empowered It is bestow free grants of not more than fifty acres upon actual settlers. The hinds to be realized under the provisions of the acture not specially $ appropriated, but will form part of the general revenue of each colony. It may, perhaps, 21 seem remarkable that the two laws which I have been passed so nearly at the same (time, H and consequently when the same amount of || information upon the facts bearing on the S subject was possessed by both legislatures ss should be based upon principles which are dry some respects essentially different and the a by the Colonial Act a large measure of the in action is allowed to the Governor of the Pro- ja vince, which by the Imperial Act is not coals ferred even upon Her Majesty in Council, list is, however, to be observed, that the circular- M stances of Canada and of Australia, assflect-'S ing the mode in which their lands should 11 4 sold, are in many respects very unlike, his long experience in Canada has shown that while the system of auction introduces, mil J can hardly avoid doing a great amount the uncertainty and delay in the acquisition of land, it has seldom, if ever, been attended with advantage to the public revenue. Large jj portions of the public lands have already passed into the hands of private proprietor!, J who retain them in a state of wildness, and as sellers of land, are competitors in this market with the government, in tlicneigl-9 bouring states, moreover, every facility is afforded for the ready acquisition of land at the most moderate rates. There was scarcely, therefore, be any liidncweiit iS purchasers to make any advance upon lies low average price at which the public lands are offered for sale. Again, as regards the application of the money arising from him sale of lands, this revenue is, by the Act of, Union, made to form part of the consolidated fund, and appropriated to the payment of lit j ? public debt and the fixed charges of several ment; and While it could not, consistent with the objects which it was deemed india pensable to provide for by that law, has been made available for immigration, nulli fl do there exist the same motives of pQ)jpvU4| such an appropriation in Canada, so long || the spontaneous immigration of British lady borers continues to the great extent what split annually reaches at present. Uponill in third point of ilifli'iTlieo between llieCani-M (lian and the Imperial Land Act give than go on another occasion, stated to your honesty in that we look with considerable apprehension as to the renewal, in any Conn, of the gutters M free grants. We do not doubt, however, til in the objections to which they were Corinda m forcing] open will induce (the utmost chillies and watchfulness the part of the provincial government in carrying out the sense which has been authorised by the present Inst On the other hand, as regards Australia, HAS experience of the past has shown that tlioiifiM the method of sale by auction has in mM Instances proved inconvenient and oppressor to persons desirous of being purchasers to land, yet the adoption of sale by a fixed who would, in many instances, have involved the loss of a very considerable portion of Wm. revenue which, under another mode of size ceeding, has actually been realised, A Weyba system, by which both methods of sale might be combined, appeared the most likely, 38 properly administered, to ensure the benefits and obviate the evils of each, It was the view which induced us at an early period h m year to submit our opinion in favour of such a plan to the consideration of the Secretary S'n'ei and its adoption was afterwards room J mended by the 'leagues authority of the coming '."'.'.tec of the House of Commons on Soul july . Australia, after they had closely investigate all the facts and reasonings which bore uni M the subject. And it is accordingly such a mixed plan which is established in Aii3trs!||| by the present act, requiring in all cases SEP?, check in the first instance of an exposure public competition, but afterwards iiffordirfRÏ the bona fide settler nil opportunity ofsjH mining, w"l|0||t (the delay or unccitainrr(M| auction, the ordinary country lands of 1(61 colony.-îlepoil of the Colonial Land and Immigration Commissioner, a Pyrus ACIUKMY of SCIENCES.-S'.TTIMI For SEPTCMIII:II 12-4 portion of the! sitting was occupied with the rcmliiiRt:! a report on the production of sugar short illness. As long ago as 1931, a pape; mine sent to the academy by M. Pallas, in which he announced that he had extracted stage 'Jl from the stalks of the maize entirely admits it to that of the sugar-cane is that the sugar wt -a developed at the period when the planters "so into flower, and that its proportion was on 8 per cent, when the grain began to make it ' g appearance, and two per cent, when it became >m quite ripe. A report was made by Mr i'obi jj quet on this communication, in, which li is admitted the similarity of the sugar and the maize to that at the sugar-cane; but i in the absence of positive information, is a abstained from offering any opinion on tins of other points of the work of M. Pallas. Pass mentioned] however, the opinion of P*;,'MK |j| Hui'gcr, who thoughts That Music quantity ( M sugar attained its maximum immediate "i lilla- Um "lowering of the plant, and dim 23 nished considerably alter the complete for 'a nation of the grain. This opinion was i '"j strict conformity with vegetable physiology; %t In 183!), M. Pallas addressed another paper S (he academy, in which he gave an account' yb series of comparative experiments, on li M stalks of maize, some of which had been sent M lated from their seats when the latter were i SM the first stage of formation, whilst others li; -ivS undergone their full maturity of vegetables came His conclusion was in favour of the forms 35s which he said yielded a much larger prow Hart lion of augur. This paper was referred t ,$f| Messrs. llmissiiigault and Elliot, who, in tin W i<o|ii>rt, which has been recently sent into the 'IM academy, state that the experiments of V ii! Pallas were not conclusive, owing to the to lay facile means adopted by him for appreciate J's the quantity of sugar contained in the hall " upon which he had operated. M. Elliot, i fr What same time, indicated the proper men- -ft to be employed,, Jas hungry, in conjunction" a with M Soubeiniii.ieporied to the academy the result of the experiments made in his own y n The stalks upon which they operated were taken from the Jil din des Plantes c, p, c of them had been separated from their In his, others had not They report that the sugar r of maize is precisely that of the sugar cane, mixed, however, with a small quantity ofRii(,irof terms I am juice of the maize which had been castrated continued politic IIS gnomes, 01 12 per cent. of sugar, that of the non castrated gave IN gi names, or 13 per cent. These experiments pi eye that can- tration is rather injurious than otherwise, and all it maize is to be used for the purpose of extracting its sugar, it must be in its normal state Whether this new industry, on an extensive scale, would be a profitable one, is a question which at the present moment may be matter of dispute Hisiioi or SAIISBUUVS Carter-The Bishop of Salisbury commenced the by petition of his diocese on Tuesday, Sept 6, at S ihs blue As the ey out will perhaps excite some public attention, and seems to be especially connected, to see the extent, with No. thame tonshire feelings, a short account of my possibly be interesting to the readers of the least The attendance of clergy upon the occasion was most numerous The sermon, prey ions to the delay cry of the charge, was amended by the Rev James Stafford, son of the Royal Stafford, of Chneombe, in this county, and formerly fellow of Magdalen College Oxford It was a most able sermon, and undershirts approved as a judicious and t denied exposi- tion if the duty of preserving peace and unity among Christians especially among the clergy) At the conclusion of the sermon the Bishop of Salisbury (Dr Donnison) delivered his charge to the clergy In the course of it he entered into the question, now, it would appeal, much mooted at eyed) visitation, episcopal and aich- diaconnl, as regards the Oxford batsmen and then writings His lot dump, when speaking of these tracts, gave them full credit for having done a great deal of good in then either i lots, in the way of exciting respect for of funds discipline and duty, and a revived attention to the essentials of the i tribute His lordship also highly praised the manner in which the writers of the li nets had discontinued the publication at the request of the Bishop of Oxford, then episcopal superior His lot dallip then proceeded to express his regret that what had been thus properly) dis- continued by the Oxford waters, in what is called the Tracts for the Innes, should have a been carried on, and in so bad a spurt by a certain periodical roy lew The bishop then denounced, in very strong and say ore terms the tone and tendency of the work in question, alluding, as was clearly seen, to the Brill h CIIIK The charge now became extremely mteicsting-pumfullyso to some of the clergy who were acquainted, and on terms of friend ship with the individual-from the fact, that the known editor of the British Cubit, the Rev Mr Mosely (formerly incumbent of Moreton Pinkiicy, in his court)) was one among the attendant clergy) 111 company with his wife, the sister of the celebrated Hey Mr Newman glistening to the Charge In allusion to the Iii chilly time, the bishop acknowledged, that some of its correspondents used arguments 111 a temperate and inoffensive tone whilst others including the editor as signed to themselves a dictatorial style, as if commanding from higher eminence than that which others occupied, and as if gifted with a far superior power of judging, his lordship particularly animadverted upon what he considered altogether without excuse, namely, the practice of the British Creek and of others its coadjutors, in bringing prominently forward everything that can be said in favour of the Romish Church, and being silent upon all degrees deformities and corruptions, whilst a directly opposite course was being pursued towards tlicCntholicChurcli of England. of which every little blemish in practice, as well as the Protestant Reformers in former days, wnspub lished to the world and exaggerated, whilst all its high and distinguished usefulness and ex- cellencies were studiously and improperly kept out of sight. At the conclusion of the charge, the Bishop consented to publish it on the ground which he held to be most sound, think what a bishop addresses to his clergy should not be heard only but read and reflected upon. The readers, therefore, of the Northampton Herald will show they have no opportunity of perusing the Charge of which we have now given a brief and hasty description. We may hear make one remark with respect to the editor of the British Critic. It was once said of a British poet that so goodnatured a man never before possessed so ill-natured a muse. The same observation I may be made us to the private feeling and public writings of the Rev. M. Mosely. I There exist few men of a greater mildness of manner, more imperturbable spirit, more unaffected piety, more amiable disposition. Yet it would seem from the Bishop of Suhs . lim y's charge that the British Critic, of which the individual in question is the editor, is in his lordship's opinion distinguished by qualities for different from those of its conductor. Whether his lordship did right in making his Charge an answer to a periodical review, or whether or not his lordship son stilled his dignity in thus commenting upon the writings of one of his clergy who stood by without the power of reply, we will not publicly say, though WE have a very decided opinion upon the matter. At all events we shall of course see up answer in the next number of the British Criliv, unless Mr. J Mosely should deem it necessary to retire from conducting the London British Critic \ on this hint from his diocesan, after the manner of the Tract writers, who abandoned their private and local publication, on a private request addressed to Adem by the Bishop of Otford,-Northamplqit Uprafd. EXPERIMENTS AT WOOLWICH DoC*VAIlD.-? Rear-Admiral Sir George Francis Seymour, GCB, and C.B., the Right Hon. Henry Thomas Lowry Corry, Lords of the Admiralty, and Rear-Admiral Sir James Alexander Gordon, K.C.B., Lieutenant-Governor, of ! Greenwich Hospital, arrived at half- past one o'clock at Woolwich Dockyard, and were received by Captain Sir Francis A. Collier, as. and K.C.H., the superintendent, and by the author head officers of the various departments of Her Majesty's Dockyard. Immediately after the arrival of their Lordships, Captain Smith, theN., inventor of the paddle-box boats, exhibited an invention of his for extra-, engine fires, and, at the same time, an iwei'i'iicthe 1>""',,0Ee of affording facilities for the defceiiVof-persons is a M$ «J/../,» about (25 feet when in danger from ... * an invention consists of a carriage upon four wheels similar in dimensions to those used for the common fire-engine. The carriage is about 12 feet long by six feet broad, in the centre of which is raised a hollow mast about 25 feet high, on the outside of which pieces of wood are attached to form a ladder which may be ascended with the greatest ease even by' persons not much experienced in climbing. From the course of the mast another is raised of smaller dimensions, extending the height to about 30 feet. A cross beam about 25 feet in length, similar to the cross-yards of sincere rigged vessel, having a leathern nose with the conducting pipe attached to one end, was raised in less than two minutes by five men by the simple aid of a rope and pulley to the height of the mast-head, and the whole direction of the apparatus was effected by the strength of four men, proving when the force of two fire-engines, worked by Bli men, were applied, that an immense volume of water could be discharged in a body at any height up to 90 feet, and with such precision as to insure that it would soon extinguish any fire, and almost under any circumstance lluitrnuld occur when that devouring element obtained the ascendancy. The experiments with this important invention were repeated several times in the presence of their Lordships, and another engine was worked in the usual manner, to Uiflw that the volume of water thrown up by at last in a manner its effect at a height of about 30 feet, the water spreading into ''the 'rim of" a heavy shower of rain in a higher eyes "'326"' s Captain Smith's plan, the conducting Ali?."; with "a", water' pma; falling from it in a body, j" be conveyed through a window into the interior of, a burn- ing building. When not in use the mast '," Ioweicdloa horizontal position in the same manner as the funnels of steamboats when passing under any of the low-arched budget, and it tests on an iron support when conveyed from its station to the spot where its services may be inquired. Mr. Braidwood, of the fire-engine department, was present during the whole time, and appeared to approve of the invention. The Lords of the Admiralty and several naval officers, amongst whom were Captain Ridout, and Commander A. S. ILinioiiil, of the Salamander, after visiting the new dock and the works in progress for form- ing (he extensive basin opposite the manufactories proceeded to the testing room, where one of Potter's anchors of (iOJ cwt., the largest ever made on that principle, was standing in the testing-frame, their' Lordships being desirous to witness personally this interesting process on flint peculiar anchor. On the hydraulic pressure of Tliamidi'spowcv- A his machine being applied to the extent of 499 tons, the 'usual--test-for 'anchors' of the same weight, the deflection of the shank was found to be rather more than ' an inch, which was considered so little, that the patentee stated he had no objections to an additional strain of ten tons being applied. The order being given, the additional power was applied, and notwithstanding the immense strain of Slay tons, the whole deflection did not exceed one inch nail seven-eights, proving that the anchor of (says cwt. sustained a test which would have been considered perfect had it been one of 82 cwt. on the common principle'. Their Lordships seemed highly gratified with the result of the strength of this anchor, and especially to observe when the power was withdrawn that the deflection returned to within half an inch of the original state of the shank before the test commenced. An anchor of this weight is generally used on fifty gun frigates, but the result of Ike test has shown that it would be sufficient for ships of 90 guns. The time occupied with these experiments was nearly four hours, after which their Lordships went on board the Meteor steam-vessel,' ordered to be brought forward for commission immediately by Lieutenant George Buttler (1810), and after inspecting her along with Mr. Oliver Lang, master shipwright, and Mr. Thomas Lloyd, assistant chief engineer) their Lordships returned to town. Inisu LABOURERS AT THE PARIS FoRTiricy TIONs. Captain Capsicum Cayenne Pepper, in his facetious book, " France Dagucrrooty pest," tells the following late, for which his veracity is to he held responsible The great multiplicity of labourers required at- the fortifications of Paris, and the company- five scarcity of French labourers as compared with the soil, which they have to cultivate, occasioned directions to be some time since transmitted to the French Consul at Dublin, to ascertain whether any disposable number of Irish labourers could be induced to proceed to Paris, with a certainly of procuring regular employment for at least a year to come. The result, as may readily be conceived, was, that a number of the " finest peasantry" jumped at the offer as nimbly as a salmon trout at a summer Hy. Under the special superintended case of the Consul they were shipped in his-) order and ragged condition for He vie, felicitating themselves on the gentility of the excursion, and the unlooked-for opportunity of " making the lower of France, all as one of the foremost quality-and that upon velvet, and be paid for their pleasures into the bargain ! Since the memorable period when the immortal hero of the gridiron, I "bear' in distress in regard of the satin'," thought a solitary " Bailey voo Fronriiis" a passport to all the mysteries of the French mind, nothing more Dixarre and provocative of laughter has been witnessed than the land- ing of these stray sons of'St.'Pntrick at Havre, and their journey on foot to Paris. It was my lot to meet with one of them in the centre of the Palais Royal at the magnificent Galerie d'Orleans. There he stood beneath the splendid glass roof, reflected in a hundred mirrors along the walls) stared at by scores of moss tached loungers, and giggled at by a dozen magasin whether in their exquisitely ¡oit/neusce toilets, looking like Hours in a paradise. Pnd'lv had changed iii no respect the costume of his native hills. The corduroy small. were I patched and depatched, yet broken at the Knees. The buttons enjoyed a Mnerure " Cor convenience," the long strings which held the place of fence buckles fluttered down to the ankle. Like Lord Hamlet, he appeared in the midst of that emporium of fashion, \- With (a, double! ill ventilated, No hat upon this road, ? but a very stunted and straw-bound causeth, with the immemorial short and blackened pipe stuck on the dexter' side and to complete his parallel with The (Los of f IBIMOII and the mould of form, Pat had -HU stocking. further, 1/iig.iitciM, and down saved to his uncle, a When to this I add that his hardy and sinewy leg was thickly matted with hair of a dusky hue and that his face was be spread with some ten days' growth of heard of a foxy brown colour, that his brogues loosened by the journey, were made fast round the instep by tiny ropes, that his coat was of aboriginal blue frieze, and that in his hand he wielded stout "aspect," which had been his firm tippett for many n rood, I need scarcely wind up his re- semblance to (the Danish Prince, by saying that he was The observed of all observers. When I first espied him in that attitude of upward gazing, which, according to philosophers distinguishes man from the beast (a distinguishing characteristic which is sometimes very requisite) I drew closer to him impelled by an irresistible curiosity, and was no little astonished at hearing him ejaculate :-' Holy Virgin, it than district being manager, Ah, then mix with glass they matches their houses in Paris !' " PAsbKNomis' ACT. Upon turning to the next chief branch of our practical duties, we would first advert to the amendments which we had the honour of suggesting iirithcPus sengers Act, and which were embodied in a bill introduced by your lordship at the commencement of the present scssionll"hnd|now nearly passed through Paillainent.\,Thc[con start communications which we have held with your lordship's department, upon the subject of these amendments render it unnecessary that we should enter upon them at any length upon the present occasion. The whole of our suggestions, moreover, with the | grounds upon which they rested,'wore'laid before Parliament simultaneously with the introduction of the bill by your lordship's It may be sufficient, therefore, to state of general terms, that the principal, objects of this Jftyy Greatest, to regulate the number of pas-' öeqgpvs jp each ship, and to provide for their proper sccoiiiinouatiou on board.;' 2dly, to ensure a proper supply of provisions and water for their use j Sdly, to provide for the seaworthiness of the vessels; and, 4thly, to I protect the emigrants is of in the numerous frauds by which at various stages of their undertaking, their helplessness and inexperience expose them. It had become notorious, that the pawnshops of the former art had proved insufficient for those objects, lives of great, magnitude, and of the most distressing nature; were habitually occurring under it. It became our duty therefore to suggest such amendments as the exigencies of the case required, bearing, however, steadily in view, the object, of almost pnrniriouiit importance, of' Hot so enhancing the' cost of conveyance to the poor is to plunge the means of rain "fallen out of their reach, A further proposal, which we were wishes to accomplish by the amended act, was to regulate the conveyance of passengers from every portion of her Mn- I jesty's dominions. The previous act ap)ij¡e(} exclusively to voyages from the United Kingdom, but an extensive emigration is now going on from one colony to another, in various parts of the globe. Difficulties presented themselves in the adaptation of an act framed for the regulation of voyages of considerable length to voyages which might only fasteners days. These difficulties, however. we endeavoured to surmount for it seemed to us an object of some importance that there should be but one Passengers Act, and that the name law should Cheslin within itself all the regulations which the imperial) Legislative deemed it expedient to impose upon the last voyage of the poorer classes of her Majesty's subjects by sea. Adverting, there fore, to the vast number whose comfort, yell fare, and health, are each year dependent upon the provisions of this not, we need scarcely say that the amendments suggested in it were the result of very anxious deliberation on our part, and that we did not record imperil their adoption without duly consulting the- opinions of those officers who have been chiefly engaged in the projection of emigrants, both in this country and in the colonies, nor without also giving our best attention to the suggestions and representations were received from the shipping interest, or from parties engaged in the passenger trade itself, it has been gratifying to us to find in the result, that all the medical provisions of the bill, though avowedly of a stringent nature, have enjoyed) no opposition, hut on the contrary, have been generally çqjiiijespcd up by the classes whom itufl'ccts.-¡lepo)I if the Dolu still! Land and Emigration t'ot/rulstionriv, Miunmt OF PIIISCRG.UUUIN.-'the Frankfort Gazette of the 20th August, states, under date St. Petersburgh, l(|l)i, learn {¡.nmckcoper. named lthcimuiin, had shot with a pistol Prince Gagarin, Master of Ceremonies of the Imperial Court, and Vice President of the Cabinet, The assassin waited for the Prince in the ante-chamber of the Prince, whose lip perpetrated the crime, It was supposed to be an act of private revenge, for the Pijiicp enjoyed universal cUecui. A point martial was immediately assembled to try the offender, who was sentenced to receive a' OO lashes, inflicted by 500 men. He had already partly undergoing his punishment, and. was removed to the hospital, and when cured will suffer the remainder. Should he survive, he is to be transported to Siberia, and employed to work in the mines during life, , 