THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14,1844 *' Neither conscience nor taste will suffer me to fight one class or interest against another,for separate benefit, or to take the narrow ground of undeviating panegyric' By the Halifax Packet, from London, we have intelligence up to the 22nd August. We have glean- ed from various journals, which have been kindly lent to us, the political state of affairs, as well as information upon such matters as appeared of general interest. Private letters state that a vessel is laid on for this port, to sail in October. We do not observe any public notice to this effect, and our informantsbeingunacquainted with the usages of the trade, it is to be apprehended they may have been led into error. Our Wools shipped by the Na- poleon in January last realized about 45 per cent. We have given the quotations under the head of -wool sales. This affords a cheer- ing prospect for the wool growers, and should induce them to be expe- ditious in transmitting that they have on hand by the first opportu- nity. Oil and whalebone are also up in the market, and tallow of the first quality is quoted at 41s. 6d. These are all commodities of colo- nial production which will be ship- ped by the Halifax Packet, which vessel is announced to sail on an early date. Coupled with this gratifying news, we learn that our desire for the employment of our colonial timber for ship building in Her Majesty's dockyards is likely at length to be effected. We have been favored with the perusal of a letter from our much respected brother colonist, R. H. Bland, Esq., dated Aug. 17,1844. It appears that, from the conjoint exertions of himself and Mr. Hutt, M.P. for Gateshead, the Admiralty had been prevailed on to purchase timber, the growth of this territory, for the use of the Royal Dockyards, the same to be approved and paid for here, thus obviating the chief and only obstacle which prevented formerly this valuable production of the colony from being extensively exported. The Home Government appear to be inclined to assist the Colony with a loan for the purpose of pro- moting immigration, on the same terms as those which have been conceded to New South Wales, Canada, and the West Indies, viz., the interest, at the rate of 3£ per cent, per annum, with a propor- tionate sinking fund, to be guaran- teed by the Legislative Council. An offer has also been made of any number of the reformed inmates of the Lendon Penitentiary, free of expense, if the parties had been fur- nished with sufficient authority by the colony, and provided such a source for the supply of deficient labor should under any circum- stances be deemed desirable. The foregoing we have derived from a private source, and entertain every confidence the project will be carried out. The non-arrival of despatches addressed to His Excel- lency Governor Hutt, relating to this matter, of such vital importance to the colony, may be accounted for from the circumstance that the interview with the Secretary of State, when the acquiesence was given, took place on the 15th of August, and the details of the ar- rangement being required to be gone into, it was probably consi- dered necessary to defer the trans- mission of the official announce- ment. The departure of His Excellency Governor Hutt from this Colony it appears will be protracted, in con- sequence of no successor having been appointed, at least if report be true. Many applications have been made in consequence of the under- stood resignation of the Governor, but nothing has transpired to lead to the conclusion that his Excel- lency will yield up his authority for several months. We are not disposed to venture upon conjecture ourselves, but rumor3 are abroad that Governor Hutt will remain in his present high official authority for at least two years longer. These are adverse positions, which time alone can solve, and the public must draw their own conclusions. The following is the official an- nouncement of Her Majesty's ac- couchement, and the birth of a Prince, on the 6th August. The official bulletin of the 22nd August states that "Her Majesty and the infant Prince are quite well": Windsor Castle, Tuesday, Aug. 6. This morning, at 10 minutes before 8 o'clock, the Queen was happily delivered of a Prince; His Royal HigJiness Prince Ah bert, several Lords of her Majesty's Most Hon. Privy Council, and the Ladies of her Majesty's bedchamber, being present. This great and important news was imme- diately made known to the town by the firing of the Park and Tower guns ; and the Privy Council having assembled as soon as possible thereupon, at the Council Chamber, Whitehall, it was ordered that a form of Thanksgiving for the Queen's safe delivery of a Prince be prepared by his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, to be used in all churches and chapels throughout England and Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon>Tweed, on Sunday, the 11th of August, or on the Sunday after the respective Ministers shall receive the same. Her Majesty and the infant Prince are, God be praised, both doing well. London Gazette. The affairs of moment which ap- pear to portend warlike operations are, the bombardment of Tangier by the French, and the aggressions committed by the French at Tahiti. These circumstances have excited much discussion in the public jour- nals of both France and England, but there is not any probability of their leading to an ultimate rup- ture. Our extracts will make our readers acquainted with the nature of the opposition on either side, and we need not alarm ourselves with the supposition that a French fleet will enter our port with the préten- tion of taking possession of our territory: TANGIER-The Madrid journals of the 14th contain long accounts from Gibraltar and Cadiz respecting the bombardment of Tangier, but they are oí a very contradictory nature, and not one of them is given on authority which can be relied upon. They only agree" in stating that the attack was vigorous and skilful, and that the Moors displayed great courage in their resistance; but they disagree sadly as to the extent of the injury caused by the bombardment. Some of the accounts state, that although very litt'e damage was done to the town by the French squadron, the Kabyles sub sequently entered it and committed atro- cious pillage, and that the fortifications were utterly destroyed or rendered useless; whilst, on the other hand, there are letters stating that the works were so little injured that the Moors were able in a few hours to put them into a new state of defence ; and they describe the whole affair as what the French would call a simulacre de bombard' ment. We may judge of the veracit the Spanish accounts by a Cadiz journal, which gravely informs us that the comman- ders of the foreign ships of war oil*Tangier having sent to congratulate the Prince de Join ville on his skill and courage, the young commander refused to receive the officer who was sent by the commander of the British naval force. We may venture to assert, that if any visit of the kind were made, which we very much doubt, the Prince de Joinviile was not guilty of the insult imputed to him. We perceive in nearly all the Spanish journals an evident desire to have it believed that a 'very bad feeling exists between the French and En« giish squadron!,and they are not scrupulous in resorting to falsehood to give a colour to these assertions. If we could believe any thing that appears in a Spanish paper, we should attach some importance to a state« ment of the bombardment having been caused not by any deceitful procrastination on the part of the Emperor, but by a despatch to the Prince de Joinviile from Marshal Bugeaud, who, seeing a large force march« ing towards him, fancied that the Emperor had broken faith, and urged the Prince to commence operations. It would be curious, after all, if the bombardment was the result of an unfounded suspicion in the mind of Marshal Bugeaud. If another statement of the Madrid journals be true, we can imagine this to have been the case ; for it is said, the Emperor has given full satisfaction to the Spanish government. It is not pro- bable that the Emperor would make his peace with Spain, and at the same time set France at defiance.-Globe, Aug. 22. TAHITI.-French aggression does not, it seems, eonfine itself to large territories like Algeria, but loves to tyrannise even over the weak and the powerless. The usurpation of Tahiti, one of the South Sea Islands, is a case in point. Regardless of the rights ©f Queen Pomare, a suVject of Queen Victoria, they forced their " pro- tectorate" on that unfortunate Chief, whom now, as we learn by later accounts, they have wholly dispossessed of her island, and have, moreover, done violence to the person of a British subject, occupying an official situation there« This gentleman (Mr* Pritchard) has just arrived in England. He obtained his liberty only on the condi- tion of immediately quitting the bland, not having time allowed him to secure his official papers, or even to bring away his wife and children. By stratagem, and with the assistance of friends, he succeeded in getting off three of his children, who were on another island, and these he has brought home; but his wife and other chil- dren he has been compelled to leave at Tahiti, under French proiectiou and sur veillence. It appears that, subsequently to the date of the private letters from Tahiti, the Protectorate grew more and more persecuting and oppressive ; many of the chiefs, and others of the best people favourable to the Queen, were imprisoned. Queen Pomare was herself proscribed, and the English missionaries were marked out as the objects of peculiar hatred and vin* dietive annoyBnce. Providentially, some British memof-war arrived, and the Queen has now taken refuge on board one of them instead of remaining cooped up in a little cutter. Thefae aggressive acts required an immediate explanation from the French Government ; and according toa statement made in his place on Thursday, by the Earl of Aberdeen, such explanation has been demanded.-Bristol Journal. COUNTERMAND OF TROOPS POR INDIA. -The 60th Rifles and 61st Foot were under orders for India, awaiting the arrival of transports at Cove, near Cork, to convey them to their destination. It now appears that the order for the sailing of those regi- ments has been countermanded, probably in consequence of the warlike aspect of affairs. The following announcement on this subject appears in the Dublin Evening Vost of Tuesday :«-" For some weeks past there has been a gradual diminution of the military force congregated ia Ireland attbt period of the state trials. We mentioned« on Saturday, that two regiments-the 60th Rifles, and the 61st Foot-were under orders at Cove, awaiting the arrival of transports to embark for Iadia. Those transports have arrived ; but we learned this morning, from a source of unquestionable authority, that an order has been forwarded from the Horse Guards, and by this tim« has probably reached Cove, suspending the departure of both regiments Tha inference is that their services may possibly be re» quired much nearer home than India. It was generally expected that judgment would have been given on Thursday, the 11th July, in the House of Lords, in the writ of error case O'Connell and others v. the Qneen. But the reply of the judges to the following eleven queries not having been received, the judgment was deferred until Sept. 2 :-* ** The attention of the judges is requested to the record and proceedings hereafter subjoined, with reference to the following questions : " 1. Are all, or any, and, if any, which of the counts in the indictment bad in law, so that, if such count or counís stood alona in the indictment, no judgment against the defendants could properly be entered upon them? " 2. Is there any, and, if any, what defect in the finding of the jury upon the trial of the said indictment, and in entering of such finding? "3. Is there any sufficient ground tot reversing the indictment, by means of any defect in the indictment, or of the finding, or entering of the findings of the jury opon the said indictment ? "4. It there any sufficient ground to reverie the judgment by reason of the matters stated in the pleas of abatement, or any of them, or in the judgment upen euch pleas? " 5. Is there any sufficient ground for reversing the judgment on account of the continuing the trial in the vacation, or of the order of the court for that purpose? "6. Is there any sufficient ground for reversing the judgment on account of the judgment of the court ovärruling and die" allowing the challenge in the array, or any or either of them, or of the matters stated in such challenge? "7. Is there sufficient ground to reverse the judgment by reason of any defect in the entry of continuation from the said trial to the 15th day of April, rsgard being also had to the appearances of the defendants on the said last named day? " 8' Is there any sufficient ground to reverse or vary the judgment on account of the sentences, or any, or either of them, passed on the respective defendants, regard being had particularly to tue recognizances required, and to the period of imprisonment dependent on the entering into such recog- nizances? " 9. Is there any sufficient ground to reverse the judgment on account of the judgments in the assignments of error coram nobis, or any or either of them, or of the matters stated in such assignments of error, or any or either of them? " 10. Is there any sufficient ground for reversing the judgment by reason of its not containing any entry as to the verdicts of acquittal? "11. In an indietment consisting of counts A, B, C, where the verdict is guilty of all generally, and the counts A B are good, and the count C is bad, the judgment being, that the defendants, for the offences aforesaid, be fined and imprisoned, which judgment would be sufficient in point of law, if confined expressly to counts A and B, can such judgment be reversed on a writ of error ? Will it make any difference whether the punishment be discretionary, as above suggested, or a punishment fixed by law." A bill has been introduced into the House of Commons by Mr Gladstane and Sir G. Clerk, by which any persons (not hankers, and not coming within the defi- nition of joint stock companies, contained in the bill now before Parliament) carry» in g on any business in partnership, may, after the 1st of January next, on returning to the registrar of joint stock companies, the name of the firm, the names, residences, and occupations of the several partners, the duration of the partnership, the nature of the business, and the place, or principal place, where it is carried on, and paying a fee of £1, receive a certificate of registra- tion, aid this certificate is to enable them to sue, and be sued, in the name of the firm, SS ANDRA.--We have to announce, with the deepest regret, that official accounts have been received from St. Petersburgh, of the decease of her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Alexandra Nfkolaiwna, third daugher of his Imperial Majesty the Em- peror of Russia, and consert of his Royal Highness Prince Frederick of Hesse, heir presumptive to the Danish throne, and heir apparent to the electorate of Hesse Cassel. This melancholy and lamentable event has been expected for some time, and the fatal malady of his favourite daughter was the principal reason of the Emperor's shorten- ing his visit to our shores ; but although this heavy blow has long been expected, still it is a severe infliction from providence. An amiable, beautiful, and accomplished Princess, daughter of one of the most powerful monarchs of the world, destined to revive or to continue the most ancient dynasty of Europe- that of Oldenburg cut off in the very spring of life, and only seven months after she had been made a bride, is a startling and appalling event, and one w4ich will spread sorrow and deso- lation amongst those myriads by whom this amiable Princess was so much beloved. Her Imperial Highness was bom June 24, 1825, and was married on the 22nd Janu- ary last to Prince Ferederick of Hesse. The Constitutionel of Tuesday states tha* active preparations were making in Pari8 for the intended journey of King Loui9 Philippe to England. M. de Montalivet» the Intendent of the Civil List, was said to have drawn a sura of 3,000,000f. out of the Caisse des Consignations, to defray the ex- penses of that visit. The Hevus de Varis, on the contrary, mentions the departure of M. de Montalivet for his estate of La Grange, in Berry, where he was te remain a month ; *' but," adds the Revue, " it ia not improbable that his absence will be abridged by existing circumstances.0 Globe, Aug. 22. The House of Lords have decided against the claims of Sir Augustus d'Este, in the Sussex peerage case. They have decided that the marriage between the late Duke of Sussex and Lady Augusta Murray, how« ever valid in every thing essential to a marriage as such, is against the provisions of the Royal Marriage Act, and is there- fore not considered a marriage by the Eng- lish law. CAPT. WARNER'S NEW CHALLENGE. .-But I will, in the face of the world, for what is published by the press of England ¡s read by the whole world, and that there tnay be no further mistake, misunderstand- ing, or misrepresentation about the matter, repeat the oner I instructed Sir Charles Kapier, in terms of his own dictation, to submit to her Majesty's government. If the government will anchor a line of battle ?hip at the back of the Goodwin Sands, out of the ship track, so that no harm may happen to passing vessels, I will from on board another ship destroy herat a distance of five miles. I am willing to take on board the vessel in which I operate General Sir George Murray, Captain Viscount Lord Inges ire, R. N., Captain Dickenson, R.N., and Captain Henderson, R.N , who .hall have every opportunity of inspecting nv mode of operation, and satisfying them- selves that on this occasion I use a projec- tile. The kind liberality of my friends enables me to exhibit this experiment with- out asking the government for a shilling towards it. If I fail I am to receive no- thing but ridicule-of which I have re- ceived quite enough to satisfy any reason- able man already. But previously I re- quire a guarantee from Her Majesty's government for its purchase of my secret for £300,000, in the event of my destroying the ship, and satisfying the four above« named officers of the feasibility and practi- cability of my plans. Lastly, I invite Sir Howard Douglas, Sir Byam Martin, Sir George Cockburn, Colonel Chalmers, ii. A., and Commander Coffin, R.N., to attend in another vessel and watch proceedings. London, Aug. 20,1844. ROMAN CATHOLIC CHARITIES-THE NEW ACT -The deepest dissatisfaction prevails amongst the Roman Catholic clergy, in relation to the Charitable Be- quests Act« The chief ground of objection applies to the interference with the doctrines find discipline of the Church in the powers S'ven to the board to be established under e Act. It is stated that the bishops and clergy generally are determined to hold aloof from all connection with the com- missioners to be appointed ; aud the names of some Roman Catholic prelates, even those who have not fixed in political move meats, arc mentiwnedas having expressed their determination hot to serve on the board, if they should he named by the go- vernment. The newspapers contain various tetters from the Roma n Catholic clergy, protesting against the Act recently passed, as calculated to produce " a divirfon more formidable aud fatal toireligon and national liberty than any that ever existed before in Ireland." Much excitement prevailed among the Rnglish at Mexico, in consequence of an English gentleman, of the name of Lloyd having been shot through the arm by one of the sentinels on duty at the Palace, for ne other cause than his walking on the pavement before the palace-a walk not prohibited to the Mexicans. Our Minister, Mr. Bankhead, had with great promptitude interfered, and the soldier, as well as the officer on guard, had been placed in arrest. LABOR FOR THE WEST IKDIES.-We learn that it is arranged that the emigration of Coolies to the West India Colonies shall, in the first instance, be limited to 15,000, and of these 5,000 are allotted for Jamaica. We formerly stated that the only three colonies included in the preliminary ar- rangement were Jamaica, Trinidad, and Demerara ; so that on this principle, if allotted, we presume, the division of the 15,000 will be equal. * Local acts will be required from the colonial legislatures to carry out the object ; but as no doubt is entertained that they will be passed without difficulty, the arrangements will be pro« ceeded with as if the authority was already complete. The colonial assemblies will all be in session at this time of the year, and it is not probable that any delay will take place in providing for the additional ex- pense.-Herald. ACADEMY OF SOIENCES IN PARIS.-M. Arago read the report of a committee on a system of a< barrage nobile," proposed by M. Theénard,with a view to render uavi gable at all periods of the year those rivers in France which are now during the summer occasionally nearly dry in parts, and there-, fore unnavigable. M. Theénard's system consists in barring a river from bank to bank in those parts where the water is usually shallow, and placing gates upon such a principle as to regulate themselves, and keep upa permanent level from bar to bar, with sluice gates to enable barges and other vessels to pasB through. The self-regulating gates are so contrived as tobe easily removed at those periods of the year when a sudden increase of the supply of water to a river might otherwise occasion an overflow dangerous to the surrounding country. It appears that M. Thénard has made his experiment with perfect success on a portion of the Dordogne,and the report of the com« mittee is on tne whole very favorable to the invention. Some doubts, however, are ex- pressed as to the certainty of the action of the gates. One of the great advantages of the system of M. Thénard, if found prac- ticable on a general scale, will be that of irrigation in the South of France, where during periods of drought,the agriculturists are at present unable to obtain water; STATUE OP THE P-UKE OF SUSSEX. The model form of the marble statue of the late Duke of Sussex, which will be erected in the Great Hall of the Free- mason, attached to the Freemasons* Tavern in Great Queen-Street, Long-acre, has been completed by Mr. Baily, R.A. and is now in his studio, in Percy-street. It repre» sents the late Giand Master of the Brethren with the decorations of the Garter and the Bath, and in the robes of a knight,-this gives a dignity to the figure which modern costume alone could uot have conferred, and is better than the adoption of Roman or Greek draperies, which would have been inconsistent and incongruous. The figure ja of the heroic size, standing about seven feet and a half in height. 