GENERAL SUMMARY OF LATE BRITISH AND COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. ENGLAND. The Duke of Bordeaux, grandson of Charles X., ex-King of France, was in England. Dr Bowstead, Bishop of Lichficld, died in October. Dr Wynter, vice Chancellor of Oxford, it was rumoured, would be his successor. The statue of Nelson had been placed in Trafalgar- square. Sir James Shaw, late Chamberlain of (he City of London, died on the 22nd of October; he was in his eightieth year. The Right Rev. Dr Carey, Bishop of St. Asaph, has lately placed in the hands of trustees, the munificent sum of £20,000 for the benefit, after the death of his Lordship and Mrs Carey, of students elected from Westminster School to Christ Church Oxford. The Standard has published a statement ?™nTf2?S and. expenditure for the year ending 10th 0ct.,1843. which exhibits the following result : — Revenue .... £51,920,958 Expenditure . . 51,012,116 Excess of revenue . £908,512 The same paper contrasts this result with those for the six preceding years to the same date, in which there had been a large deliciencv. The Lords of the Admiralty have for warded to Chatham dockyard, an order for sixty la bourers to be temporarily'entered for the service of tbc yard, on account of the reduced number of convicts on board the Fortitude hull;, the number of convicts on the establishment being now about HO. Orders have also just been received from the home office, stating that the convict keepers, unier ten years1 servitude are to have a pension of £!O; above such a service the keepers will receive a pension according to the length of service During the month of October there' ap peared in the GazfUe the names of 241 iu«olv«it., whose property (?) had been vested in the provisional assignees ; 44 bankrupts, and 21 assignments; making a grand total of 310 persons, who, in t?eiHj-ei"ht days have been commercial delinquents— persons ?ho by reason of their idleness, extravngance, roguery, or their gambling (speculating) in commoditios, have be come unable to pay their just debts—persons too who, hy favour of vilious legislation, are all or nearly all screened from punishment due to their mis cheivous delinquency. Experienced men say that for one name that appears in the Gazelle, there are nine delinquencies settled by private compromise, which would make 3,100 during the month; and if their deficiencies amount each to £200 only there is a loss during the month of £629,000. This'is an as tounding sum, more than twenty thousand pounds per diem, and ought to rouse the whole commercial com munity, the honest part at least, to obtain good laws. A correspondent of the IVeslcyan Chronicle says, that the Rev. W. Sibthorp, on Sunday. October 1 actually received the sacrament at St Helen's Church, Isle of Wight, from the hands of Dr Young, the curate, having first asked permission the day before from the Rev. Doctor. This was anticipated for some time past by some of us, whose employment enables us to see and hear more than is convenient always to talk about. A few weeks ago a Romish bishop, lodging in our neigh bourhood, in company with Miss J. V..paid a visit lo?the Rev. \\\ . S. (as was understood for a special conference), but the Rev. gentleman was ■• not at home" to the Right Rev. Father in God and bis fair companion. This was perfectly understood by our young Romish converts. It was enough to blight the hopes in their tutelar priest • but the scene at St Helen's Church gave the amp ck grace to all their expectations. It is also certain that the Rev. gentleman has made a formal declaration of again joining the "compulsory church;" but where his changing will end, I believe no one as yet knows. The following testimony of approbation of all the Grand Duke Michel witnessed at Woolwich has just been issued :—'•Garrison Order, Oct. 11. Lieutenant General Lord Bloom/ield has received the gracious commands of his Imperial Highness the Grand Duke Michel to convey his commendation of the garrison assembled on the several occasions of Monday and Tuesday, the appearance of which de mauded his praise. His Highness had the gratifica tion of inspecting the ordnance corps and establish ments of this most important brauch of the British army, and was pleased to notice the efficiency and per fection to which, in all its branches, it has attained, and which called forth his Imperial llighness's praise and admiration. The Lieutenant-General has the further satisfaction of conveying to the troops the ap probation of the Master-General; and for himself, he offers his thanks, with this only observation, that every officer and man did his duty like good and ef fective soldiers." The projected new cap for the infantry is likely to be abandoned, as the Duke of Wellington has submitted to the Queen that another cap be sub stituted, and her Majesty has been pleased to accede to his Grace's recommendation.— Globe. We have authority for stating, that, incon sequence of the late stringent and peremptory procla mation, the bankers in Essex, and we believe in Suf folk also, have determined to return to the practice of weighing all gold tendered to them ; but, lor the ac commodation of their connexions, will, for the present, receive in payment deficient sovereigns and half-sove reigns, deducting 2d. and 3d. respectively. AYe, how ever, deem it advisable to caution the public, that this arrangement will not be continued beyond the period referred to in the lioyal proclamation, viz , the (st January, 1844; after which time no gold coin de ficient in weight will be received by any banking house, but will be subject to be dealt with as spurious, according to the tenor of the said proclamation — Essex Standard. A letter from Stockholm, of September 7th, says:—" The Swedish brig, Bull, Captain Wam gresn, has just returned after a three years' voyage. On her arrival at Port Phillip, New South Wales, she was. freighted by an English firm to visit the small islands of the Pacific, and obtain for manufactured goods, sandal wood and other articles suited to the China market. During this voyage, whi-h lasted about seven months, Captain Warngresn touched at some island not visited probably since Cook's time, and four others not to be found on the map. The captain took possession of them in the name of King Charles John. The inhabitants were a mild race, ig norant oi the use of iron, and ready to give, for even a rusty nail, a turtle. They were also fond of bits of glass, and would remain for four or five hours shaviug themselves with pieces of broken bottles. A single musket shot was sufficient to disperse thousantls?of them—a proof that they had not been visited before by Europeans. The King of one of the islands pre sented the captain with his nceptre made of wood artistically carved, and having a thin circle of jasper on the top. A name was given by the captain to each of those lsks after some member of the Royal Family ol Sweden, and a quantity of plants, and lools made of stone and wood have been brought hotoc.—Scotch paper, Oct. 7. At the Winchester assizes, an indictment was preferred agninst Lord Huntingtower for alleged perjury, committed in an affidavit sworn before Mr Moberly, a commissioner, some time back, in & cause in which Captain Cauty was plaintiff and Lord Huntingtowcr was defendant. It appears that Captain Cauty was anxious to arrest Lord Huntingtower, and there was an order of Mr Baron Kolfe obtained for that purpose, and it became necessary to file an affidavit, which gave rise to the proceeding. The counsel for the pro secution, however, stated that he had no evidence to support the indictment, and, of course, a verdict of" hot Guilty" was given. The British Critic, one of the warmest advo cates of Puseyite doctrines, had ceased publishing. Parliament bud beon prorogued to the 11th November, and it was said Sir Robert Peel had resolved that the session should commence early in January, and that the important business of the country shall be immediately proceeded with. The Queen and Prince Albert had visited Cam bridge, on which occasion the degree of Doctor of Civil Laws, was conleired on Prince Albeit. The otdy coach that has been left on the road from Bristol to London has ceased to rur.—Bell's Life, October 22. Sir W. Follett netted, in special retainers at the Exeter assizes, £4000 in fees.— Western Times. A new varnish, manufactured of naptha, is in future to be substituted for paint, now applied to the outside of the iron water tanks for her Ma jesty's ships, the cost of which is only one-fourth part tbat of paint.— Argus. The rate of interest continues to advance, up to the date of our latest arrivals, Nov. th<;loth., on account of the demand for capital for com mercial purposes. There were large sales of wool, tea, and cotton, pressing on the means of speculators. Consols, says the Atlas, are tole rably firm, at a slight advance on the last week's prices; but there has not been an active demand for Stock, nor are the dealings for the Account on a bold scale. The usual monthly notice from the Bank gives the quantity of paper money afloat at £34,QC0 000, while there are £12,000,000, of bullion in the Bank. The quantity of Ame rican wheat imported, ground into flour, which would pay a duty of 25., in Canada, and Is. here, is, as yet, exceedingly small; but American lard, of good quality, is being introduced in large quantities, at 4d, a-pound; and the beef and pork are very different in quality to the early samples we had after the passing of the Tariff. More care is taken in feeding and curing to our taste, and it is observed by those who watch the markets, that if so great an impression was made on our cattle fairs by the small supply of badly cured meat, the effect will be serious by-and-by, when the quantity becomes large, and the quality good. The price of the best new Canadian beef, at Liverpool, is 3d. to 3|d. per pound, and the pork about the same price. The opening of the five ports of China, at low duties, wilt be felt in i partly keeping up the activity in the manufactu- | ring districts, and in the glut of the arrivals of tea which we may witness in the next six months. Intelligence has been received of the completion ] of a. commercial treaty between Germany and the | United States. To what extent it will secure a priority of German hardware, woollen cloth, and ( hosiery, has not transpired. If this purpose can not be secured, the treaty will be harmless to us. Iti the Foreign Stock Market some speculators have been buying Spanish Bonds freely, and run the price up to 30. Portuguese Bonds have ad vanced simply from sympathy with the Spanish. Lord Cardigan has instructed his law agents to move for a conditional order for a criminal infor mation against the 7 imes, for the publication of certain extracts from letters, under the headings of " Lord Cardigan and his Officers," purporting1 to have been received from a Dublin correspon dent. The extracts in question appeared in the Monitor of Wednesday last. His lordship Lad also commenced proceedings against the Ftee man's Journal, for the publication of an anony mous letter, reflecting on his character as an officer and a gentleman. The Freeman of this morning, expresses his regret for having pub lished the letter, which, it says, was done in the hurry of business, and without any malicious intent.— Atlas. Mr Macready made his appearance at the Park Theatre, New York, on the 25th Septem ber, in Macbeth. On subsequent nights he played Hamlet and Cardinal Richelieu. The journals speak of him as the very perfection of an actor. An old pensioner of the name of John Dean, residing in the neighbourhood of Haley Hill, has recently experienced a singular reverse of fortune, under rather extraordinary circumstances. It ap pears that John had been blessed, as it now turns out, with a remarkably saving frugal wife, and such was her disposition to save, that John was always supposed by his friends to be in indigent circumstances, and very short of money. A short time ago, however, John's wife was so ill (hat no hopes were entertained of her recovery. She cal led her husband to her bedside, and told him that if he looked in a certain place he would find an old stocking, and on his bringing it to her she proceeded to dra'V Irom it a considerable number of Povereigns, counting out ten for each of her children, and the remainder, amounting to up wards of £'200, she presented to her astonished husband. She has since died, and the now com paratively rich old man has deposited the hard savings of years in a respectable banking-house in this town; and has every prospect of spending the remainder uf his days above the reach of pinching poverty.— Haiti ax Guardian. The An!i-Corn-Law League has lately taken a house in Fleet-street upon a twicsty-onb years' lease ; a plain proof of the expectation that the Corn Laws and the annual subscription to pro cure the repeal of these laws, are to last these twenty-one years. Several material alterations on the subject of attorneys' and solicitors' bills of costs were made by the late Act respecting the profession ((5 and 7*Victoria, 73 ). It is understood that under this s tatute power is given for the first time to tax bills for conveyancing business, and another new feature is, that permission can be given to attor neys to bring actions before the expiration of a month after the delivery of their bills of costs. There are seven provisions in the Act in cues tion. It is enacted that attorneys and solicitors shall not commence nn action until one motill: after the delivery of a bill of costs. Reference of bills to the proper officers can be made within a month, whether they relate to business transacted in the Court or not. Taxation can be ordered after a mouth, but not after a verdict bas been obtained, or twelve months have elapsed since the delivery of the bill, unless under special cir cumstances. Proceedings in actions are to be stayed during a reference. There is a proviso to the first clause ol the seven, that a Judge may order an attorney or solicitor to bring an action within a month, en proof that there is probable cause that the party is about to quit England. By the 41st clause of the new Act, taxation may be ordered after payment, provided that it is made within twelve months. It is enacted by another proviso that all applications under this Act shall be made in the matter of the attorney, and that the amount certified by the proper officer to be due shall be enforced/ " and in case such re ference shall be made in any Court of Common Law, it shall be lawful for such Court, or nny Judge thereof, to order judgment to be entered up for such amount, with costs, unless the retainer shall be disputed, or to make such other order thereon as such Judge shall deem proper.— Hi. Javies's Chronic.'c. Last summer (says a correspondent of the Bristol Mirror), I, by way of experiment, when strawberries were plentiful, attached threads to their stalks, and hung up a few, which were over ripe, to dry. I placed them inside a window facing the south, where they remained from June until March, when I tasted them, and the result was must satisfactory. T&ce; sweet refreshing acid, so peculiar to the strawbwiy, was in full peifec tiou; the flavour of the fruit, without any watery taste, was delicious ; it dissolves in the mouth as slowly as a lozenge, and is infinitely superior to the raisin. The strawberry, thus preserved, is a stomachic. From the London Morning Herald of October 28, we make the following extract on the Colonial policy of Great Britain:—" It is a standing subject of Colonial complaint against public opinion in the Mother Country, that it only attends to Co lonial affairs when some startling event has oc curred, when some danger threatens, or some injury has resulted; and there is justice in the complaint. The fire which recently occurred ut Kingston re minded us of the condition of the West Indies and has provokfcd discussion thereon; the bankruptcy of South Australia first gave us insight into that scientifically but expensively settled Colony ; it took a rebellion in Cahada to teach us its value and the danger in which we were of being driven from the North American Contineut; and it will, it is presumed, require troubles and outbreaks in New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, and New Zealand, before our attention is absolutely fixed on our Australasian possessions. We pay, to be sure, Colonial Land.and Emigration Commis sioners to tell us what is going on in our territorial —we use lhat word in contradistinction to pro ductive—dependencies ; and they annually report a blue book to the Colonial Office, which uncere moniously pitches it on the tables of Parliament, and there it would lie forgotten and neglected if the Herald did not occasionally insinuate gentle doses of it on such of the public as can get down its repulsive contents. The Commissioners more over occasionally print Colonization Circulars, in the purchase of which no one, we should sup pose, invested a second fourpenuy bit, seeing that these amateur journals are filled with unmeaning and unprofitable statistical tables, undigested ex tracts of old despatches from Colonial Governors and Immigration Agents, and huge slices of unap plied evidence taken by committees possessing not a particle of authority in this country. Monk Lewis in one of his published letters tells his mother that the hero of a tragedy he was con cluding is the most uninteresting gentleman of his acquaintance; and if the Commissioners are blessed with as much self-knowledge and frankness they will some day confess to Lord Stanley that the most uninteresting reading in the Colonial Office are their reports and circulars. They most assuredly will never create a Colonial public in England; and as for Emigration and Colonization the Commissioners appear rather to check than promote them. If it shall ever please the Legis lature to give the country, what Mr Carlyle terms an effective emigration service, we may then hope to see enduring and active interest taken in a main source of our national greatness —Colonies; until then our transmarine possessions must be content with occasional notice, and long intervals of inattention. The danger is, that in the mean time, 'free trade run mad,' tvill destroy some, at least, of them? The Mining Journal gives the following as an extract of a letter from Copenhagen : —" Steam carnagos, upon a system newly invented by M. Norrgber, a locksmith and ingenious mechanic, have been established between this capital and Corsoer. They carry thirty passengers, and have spacious stowage above and below for luggage and merchandise. Their engines are of eight or nine hoise power and ascend with ease, hills whose angles do not exceed thirty degrees. They travel at the rate of a Danish mile (a little more than two Frenchleaguesj,infromthirty toforty-five minutes ; so that they mn to and from Copen hagen, a distance of fourteen Danish miles, in about nine hours, while our ordinary diligencies drawn by four horses take sixteen hours to per form the same distance with only twelve passengers and their luggage. A few weeks ago, Mr Michael I.eppington, a shepherd, &c;, and Samuel Hardcastle, a respect able butcher (both of them residing not one hundred miles from Burton Agnes), happened to meet in company together, when they fell into conversation respecting sheep-shearing and slaughtering of sheep, The butcher said he could slaughter and dress a full-woolled sheep in less time than the shepherd could shear another of the same kind; the consequence was they matched themselves for a small wager to try their dexterity, when the shepherd completed his task within four minutes, and the butcher his in six minutes and a half, consequently loosing his wager. Notwith standing the shortness of the time, each per formed his task in a workmanlike manner, as witnessed by Mr Thomas Wavcley,sheepjobbcr.— Hull Packe\ The return of window duty for the twelve to\vii9 in lingland paying the largest amount, and just published by order of the House of Commons, give the several amounts as follows; —For Bath, £21,81H j Birmingham, £11,093; Brighton, £15,210: 8ri5t01,£1:5,056; Cheltenham, £6,755 ; Clifton, 8ri5t01,7.850; Leeds, £7,014; Liverpool, £30,790 ; Manchester, £19,157 ; Newcastle, £5,710,- Norwich, £7,141; Plymouth, £11.391. 