r REPORT FROM THE SELECT COM- MITTEE ON THE CROWN LAND GRIEVANCES. The Select Committee of the Legislative Council, appointed on the 30th May, 1844, "to enquire into, and report upon, all Grievances connected with the Lands of the Colony, with an instruction to dis- tinguish between the Grievances which can be redressed in the colony and those which cannot," have unanimously agreed to the following Report : Your Committee, duly impressed with the vast importance of the various sub- jects falling necessarily «Ullin the range of their enquiry, have examined such witnesses as they considered likely to afford correct information, and to nid them in arriving at sound conclusions. It appeared, however, to your Committee, 1 ' that justice would not be done by limiting their enquiries to the opinions of such gentlemen ns could conveniently attend in person, and a circular, containing certain questions, was therefore sent to every magistrate of the territory. The evidence taken before your Committee, the Circulars, and the an severs received, are appended to this Report. \ In reporting upon those points to which 1 this evidence refers, your Committee have taken them in the order in which the I queries «ere proposed, and they proceed accordingly to consider, first-the expe- diency of raising the minimum price of land to one pound per acre. MINIMUM PRICE OF LAND. Notwithstanding the labours of the se- lect Committee, appointed during the last session, to enquire into the provisions of the Act of Parliament, Sand C Victoria, cap. 36, regulating the price of land in the Australiau colonies, and the opinions which accompanied their Report, your Committee feel, that an enquiry into the land grievances of the colony would be very defective, if it did not assign a prominent place to this one of the main grievances under which the colony is suffering. They I feel, indeed, that the time has arrived, when a bold effort must be made to effect a complete change in the system of ad- ministering the crown lands of the colony. Your Committee are fully ol' opinion with one of the witnesses evho appeared before them, that " under the present system, this community must either con- tinue for many years to struggle with the difficulties of its position- difficulties which have been greatly exaggerated hy the mis- taken policy of the government, or it must be compelled to seek relief from the bur- then of debt under which it is bound ! down, by an nlmost general bankruptcy, I which would involve the sacrifice of a large amount of British capital." '' The period which has elapsed since the ' Report of last session, has only tended to , confirm the representations then made, | that the delusive theory of colonization ! sanctioned by the Act of Parliament, enn not be sustained. And in at-ain bringing the subject under the review of the Go »' vernment, your Committee feel they are only following out the wishes of the Right Honorable Lord Stanley himself, evho, in | his despatch of the loth September, 18-12, I expressed to His Excellency Sir George /JU.V_ Gipps, his earnest hope, tlmt "his reports, g as tp the progress of this new sysfern, evill ¡' be frequent and copious," adding " that it ?j is a subject of deep interest to Her Ma * jesty's Government, and to Parliament, and it is essential that the information respecting it should he so complete and perspicuous, as to enable all persons pro- posing to employ their capital, or to engnge personally in the settlement of the waste lands in the Australian colonies, to form ns correct an estimate as possible of the I prospects awaitiug them there." The testimony both taken before your Committee, and by letter, is all but una- nimous as to the injurious operation of a t. high minimum price o( land. Í Captain King, R.N., and Commissioner , for the Australian Agricultural Company, ! says, ,(it has entirely put a stop to the i sale of Croevn lands in this colony." j Mr. Boyd is of opinion, " that the j ' measure was fraught with the most in ; jurions consequences to the colony, and that the spirit for emigration, and desire | to invest money in this colony then (evhen | lie left Englnnd) existing nt home, weie l| to a very grent degree checked, hy the j «Iteration in the price of land." t Mr. Keinble believes it "to be most h prejudicial to the colony, as necessarily '. separating agricultural from pastoral pur i suits, and thereby keeping agricultural » operations upon a very low scnle, the Î mnnure from stock farming being essential 't to their success." Ile asserts of his own : knowledge, " that it deters, to a great ex * tent, emigration to this colony, of the i highest classes of persons ; that they are J- aware, from the concurring testimony of \ all persons who have transmitted their opinions from this colony, of the impns-' ! sibility of making any profit, especially in , I pastoral pursuits, upon lund so purchased; I j mid that the chance of gain from leases, ' | j for such terms as are usually granted, | even if beneficial, which implies profitable ' j occupation, has not been, and evill not be, ' I sufficient inducement tu such persons to h come hither." B Captain O'Connell states, "it has driven j the largest class of purchasers totally out .f of the land market, and has naturally de | creased the land re\\-eiiue, thereby prevent ,j ing the occupation of the soil by pro i prietors; it has naturally created, or , would naturally create, if "continued, the \\. occupation by those evho have no vested interest in the land ; nnd that also is a \ system which cannot but be prejudicial to ! j the interests of the community." Mr. Donaldson asserts, that it is "most sbsard;" "has most decidedly an injuri- ous effect ;" and as this gentleman had , , just returned from England, the Com i mutee made a point of enquiring, "evhe ther he could state, from personal kuow ,' wage, what had been the effect produced, I by raising the miiiimum price, upon the L | minds of those who desired to emigrate to , I Uns colony ?" His answer is, " to those L »bo asked me, I expressed my opinion i r S il Xt WAS decit,e(lly t0<> high a price for | M wera to buy land at with any probability i H ot profit, and 1 found that they had re ' Í1 »i! the 8ame °P*"-on from many others r S n ."ere actluaill- ed with the colony." I ft!* ." 5~"Did lhRt W-»*" *° «-'»np 'Ä rX/16*8 ?", t0 ,00kÍUS *«-«?-«--?«- W thiS 1 cJo*»y as a field for emigration?" "Yes; I' 1 »ft* PT\rST ,whom l **ave conversed d * «ntl.« "g and* with the exception of ?. - E"? c°n*"-<-ted with the public J BtitU-h °* 1B1°x?ome- Manager of the y lay V .C0l0nial Lo«n Company, altogether , I think, nho, that it has lind the effect in J nglnnd of preventing the emigration to this colony of n class of persons whom it would have been most ilesiifilile to hnvc had lure-nanieh, small farmers, with capital, tin se p rsons natu- rally argue, ' Whj should I go out to Australia n distance of sixteen thotisnnd miles, and pav one poi ud an acre for my ' land, wlun by emigrating to Cannda I can obtain it for n dollar7' " Your Committee have abstnincd from going nt nu\ length into n considération ol the nbstrntt arguments in favour of the Wnktfieltlinn system, because they pre- ferred to collect a bod) of fncts nnd opi- nions hkelj to have weight with those upon whom the final dicisio of the ques- tions upon which thij arc instructed to report, ultimately rests, and because the opinions of Mr. Wakefield himself seems to be opposed to the provisions of an net which is generally defended bj thesnnction of his name. That gentleman admits the force of (lie objection brought forward against n Ililli minimum price of land in " suth n country as Australia, where the main employment of cnpttnl is sheep farmmg, and where, in some districts, several acres are reepnred to feed n sheep ," but m nil ii utting it, he adds, «. the state- ment has lobe mntie, that nobody has ever proposed to put a price on the use of na tuinl pasturage , tint might be granted for nothing, as all land used to be , but in strict proportion to the stock kept by the gran- tee, mid on conai ton, that whenever nny body vnntctl to buy anj of it, that portion should bo resumed bj the government for snle, without even a tendency to defeat the object of insisting on i price for every acre required as permanent propeity." This opinion of Mr. Wakefield is strongly opposed to the assertion of Lord Glenelg, in his despatch of the 9lh August, l8i8, that " the interests of the colonj required that a consideinbly higher price (than is per ncie) should be r.fhxed to land ," and e\pei tnce lins also dis- proved the opinion of the same noble lord, "that the minimum price (of land) demanded bj the government will de- termine the saleable value of lnnd, which has no peculiar advantages, either from us neighbourhood to a market, or from its natural fertthtj " The price of five shillings per ncre is, of itself, so nmple, not to sav extrava- gantly high, that nny attempt to raise the minimum hejond it, must render land utteilv unsaleable, unless in tune3 of un- sound speculation And while it is clear that land was vendable nt five shillings per ncre, in consideration onlj of the collateral advantages of water and back run, which the purchaser secured, it is, vour Committee believe, the fact, that the raising the upset price to twelve shillings per ncre, would hive had n more im- mediate effect than it had in stopping sales, but for the superabundance of English capital then flowing into the colonj, anil the apprehension nlso en- tertained thnt it would be raised to one pound per ncre. It mny nlso be observed that n large portion of the land sold nt fiv e shillings per acrp, was pur- chased under the unpiession prevalent foi three or four \ears previous to 1839, thnt the minimum price for laud would be raised to twelve shillings per ncre. Hie diiection to raise the minimum price ot land in New South Wales from five shillings to twelve shillings per acie, doubtless had its origin in th" corres- pondence with the Soutii \ustrahan Com- missioners ni 1836 , and to this corres- pondence your Committee would beg to direct jour earnest attention. The reply of His Excellency Sir Richard Bourke, dated 6th September, 1837, to the question submitted for his opinion, with regard to raising the minimum ¡ince, is so convincing, that jour Coinmittet feel persunded thnt, lind not the establishment of n colonv in South Australia, upon theoretical mid un- tried principles, crented nn influence ad- verse to the interests of this colonj, no instructions nt vnnnnce with thnt report would ever hnve bien given The conespondei ce which lins subse- quently taken [dace between the Colontnl Government mid the Principal Secretnry of State for the Colonies, encourages jour Committee io entertnin a sanguine ho,ie that the opinions of those who are well qualified to judge of the working of the system, will be allowed their due weight Certainlv, Lord Stntihj in his despatch, already quoted, stntes that he anticipates, with no unreasonable confidence, important advantages from the enactment (") and 6 Victoria, cap 30) both ns it respects the genernl interests of the empire at large, nnd the local interests of the Australian Provinces of the British Crown, but your I Committee cannot believe that such assurance will stand ngninst the pi oofs adduced, ol the injurious tendency of fixing too high n minimum price for land What I might be the effect of n minimum pi ice of I one pound per acre in countries circum j stanced ns those which furnished the advocates of the Wnkefieldinn theorj with their examples and illustritions, jour Com . mitlee do not deem it necessarj to con sulei , but they submit tint i rule windi might work ndvniilngeotislv where profit is to be derived from expending much j lnbonr mid lillie capital on n small portion I of lnnd, could not be np, lied to a colonj ! like this, where profit to nny extent can ' onH be thrived from the expenditure of i much capital and little labour, ovei hrge portions of lind Hie effect has been to I injure England, by stopping the tide of I emigration, and Australia, bj preventing its boundless territory from being applied I to the uses of civilized man j The svs'eni must net, in a ten-fold de- gree, injuriously to this colonv, when it is considered upon what comparatively nd vantageous teims land enn be lind in other British colonies much nemer to the mother coiiutrv Bv Ini the greifest proportion of the Innels of australia must be, foi a verj long period of time, used for grazing purposes exclusively , presenting, in tins respect, a striking contrast with the lnnds of British North Amenta, which »re, even at the present moment, generally adapted for agricultural purposes Whilst the latter, theiefore, nie procurable at a rate varjmg from about one shilling mid tune pence to five shillings per acre, the exac- tion of one pound per acre for hinds in Australia, seems ns unjust and unequal, ns it is uniensonnble nnd impolitic. This argument derives addmoual force from the fact, thnt at the Cape of Good Hope, a cuuutrj possessing the same physical as- pect and capabilities, and producing the siitiieexpoitablecomnioditi»s, ns thiscolonj, the upset pnee of land is two shillings per ncre , and it appears bv the evidence of Your Committee beg to insert a table, shoeving the rate at which lands may be purchased in other colonies, viz. : ' s. c1. Canada "West, or Upper Canada. C 7 sterling per acre. Canada Hast, or Loevcr Canada. _ 4 11 ditto. Elseevhere, in that divi- sion of the Proe-inco.. 3 3.i ditto. New llrunseviok. 2 8 ditto. Nova Scotia. 1 9 ditto. Piincc Edee-ard's Island, (only about 8,100 acres of Croee-n Lands remaining for sale).. lOs.to Hs.curroncy ditto Neevfoundland. 2 sterling, ditto. Falklands. 8 ditto. Ceylon.5 ditto. Capo of Good Hope .. 2 ditto The facilities for the acquirement of that land are also very great, compared evith this colony. Nor are these details matter of local arrangement, but as regards the Australian colonies they are fixed by Act of Parliament. The 4 th clause of the " Act for regulating tlip sale of Waste Land belonging to the Croevn in the Aus- tralian Colonies," directs " That, save as hereinafter is excepted, in reference to blocks ol' twenty thousand acres of land and upevards, no Waste Land of the Croevn in any of the said Colonies, shall be so convoyed nr alienated as aforesaid, until the same shall have been surveyed and shall have been delineated in the public chnrts of such colony, in such lolsns shall be subse- quently offered, and put up for sale, evhich lots shall, in no case, snve as nforesaid, contain an area, exceeding one superficial square mile ;" while in the Cape of Good Uope, the regulations upon evhich Croevn Lands are disposed of, (see 5th clntise) as- sumes that, " In some instances it evill not be practicable to have the lands winch have been applied for, surveyed before the sale takes place ;" and provides that, " in these cases they will be sold evith the best description of the extent and boundaries the Surveyor-General can furnish ; and as they evill be sold by the acre, the amount to be paid for the lot evill have to he ad- justed niter the sure-ey and measurement have been completed, by an increase or de- crease of the sum paid by the purchaser." Your Committee desire to draev the at- tention of your Ilonoiable House to the injurious evorking of that portion of the Act of Parliament (Ulli clause) evhich en- acts, that "it shall be laevful for the Go- vernor, at his discretion, to raise, and afterwards to lower, thp upset price of the Waste Lands of ihe Crown." Your Com- mittee are decidedly of opinion that this poever of raising or depressiug the upset price of Croevn Lands should not be en- trusted to one individual. It subjects him to injurious imputations ; and the proof evhich has been adduced to your Com- mittee of the manner in which this dis- cretion has been exercised, has satisfied them as to the propriety of some altera- tion being made in the present system. Mr. Bloxsome's evidence in reference to this question is forcible, and the instruc- tions given to the Sureeyor- Gencral to carry out the views of the Executive Go- vernment fully bear out his evidence, and the opinion of your Committee. To hoev great an extent this system hra been carried evill appear by the folloeviug extract from the note of his Excellency the Governor, appended to the return re- specting the upset price of land, ordered by the Council to he printed on the 7th August, l8 I-f. " The localities on evhich the upset price has been raised and sub- sequently reduced beteveen the years 1833 and 18-14, comprehend nearly the whole ol the colony. As remarkable instances, your Committee select the localities ot Alexandria, Old South Head Rond, evhere ihe upset price was £[0 in IbliD, and Ü100 in 1640, and £0 lo £\0 per acre in IS 14; St. Leonard's, -£100 in 1S40, jfc'lJO in 1842, and ¿b'ôO in 1844 ; Kiama, jfc'S, ¿"50, and A'SO in 1842, and the la,t were sold in 1843 at £8 per acre. Your Committee cannot but regret that the Co- lonial Government did not act in the same spirit evhich dictated the instructions of Lord Stanley in his despatch of 18th Oc- tober, 1841 :-" You evill not fail to ob- serve that evhere the va'ue o( land has been, as it evere, artificially raised by (he imposition ol'a minimum puce, great in- justice evotild be done to purchasers were thnt minimum, evhen once fixed, to be nfteree-ards arbitrarily lowered with refcr | ence to land of equal quality, anti in the same or an adjoining locality. You evill therefore be particularly cautious not to lower the upset price of land, once fixed, unless upon the most obe- ious neces- sity." It is impossible that such arbitrary changes, ns have been mentioned, can be carried out without occasioning in the minds of the parties so serioualy affected by them, a strong feeling that injustice has been done to them ; and this is doubt- less aggravated by the consideration that the injustice arises from the endeavour to obtain an unnatural and fictitious price by Government, in fact, stimulating that speculation which it should have been its aim and endeavour, by every means, to discourage. THE DEVASTUKING REGULATIONS. The consideration of the Depasturing Regulations of 2nd April, 1844, and of the Recommendation sent home by the General Hewett, on the 3rd of the same month, are intimately conuected evith the former subject ; for had the minimum price of land been moderate, the terms uuder which the lands beyond the boun- daries of location are occupied, ee-ould not have attained their present importance. Your Committee, indeed, feel some dif- ficulty in reconciling the publication in the Government Gazette of certain regula» tious, evith the alleged recommendation, simultaneously, for the consideration of the Home Government, of others evhich appear in some respects to be at variance evith them. The regulations (evith the ex- ception ol' one clause) are not intended lo take effect until 1st July, 1845, and as they may never take effect at all, the public minti might have beeu spared much of the anxiety evhich has been occa- sioned by their announcement. But there are propositions in both these documents which may evell excite the' alarm of every stockholder in the colony. The dissatisfaction felt at their publica- tion evas strongly, and almost universally, expressed, and is attested by the various petitions, containing upwards of six thou- sand signatures, referred to this committee. They evere all passed at public meetings, held in the city of Sydney, and the towns and districts of the interior, assembled for the express purpose of considering and j adopting them. A copy of the resolutions j passed at these meetings will be printed in J the Appendix. j overrated. It is intimately connected with the production of Austrnlinn wool, consti- tuting one-third of the whole import of that article into Great Britain, and the emigration of the stnrving poor from the over-peopled districts of the United King- dom. The origin of the Crown Lands' Occu- pation Act is shown by the documents j appended to the Sydney petition. It originated from the desire ol' His Excel- lency Sir Richard Bourke lo obtain an efficient control over the wnste lands of the colony beyond the limits of location. Au art for this purpose having been passed on the 29th of July, 1836, a system of licens- ing was established, and the fee chnrged thereon wns stilted hy Sir Richard Bourke to be, not only in recognition of the rights of the Crown, but as a mentis of defraying the exppnse of cnrryiug it out. After the expiration of tin's net another wns passed, ns recommended by a select committee of the late Legislative Council, in a repoit tinted March, 1839 ; under this act the border police wns established, and an assessment levied on stock. The appendix to thnt report contains an estimnte of the mode by which the pro- posed expenditure was to be defrayed ; and it is clear that the calculation was, ns admitted by the Colonial Secretary in his evidence before this Committee, that the funds realised from the " license and nssessment" were to be npproprinted to defray the expense of the commissioners of crown hinds, nnd the border police. It thus nppenrs that on the first and second occasion on which the executive government issued nny regulations with reference to the Crown lands, they did not venture on this step without having first obtained the concurrent nid of the legislature. The words of Sir Richnrd Bourke nie, " that while he was convinced of the ex pediencj' of placing under proper restric- tion the occupation of vacant crown Innds, ¡t wns considered necessary, nfter much considérai ion, to obtain a legis'alive enact- ment, in order to accomplish fully the de- sired object." A claim, however, is now put forth by the executive to raisa n revenue from those lands, not only without the nid, but with- out the consent, or advice, of the legisla- ture. In considering this claim, your Com- mittee nre anxious to express their strong impression that such n claim, however easy it may be to obtain a parliamentary sanction for it, is not in accordance with the law of England. Your Committee know of no lnnds for which the Crown is entitled to exact rent, except the domain hinds of the Crown, the privnte esinte of the sovereign, the portion nlloted to him in the original partition among the conquerors; and it will be hardly gravely asserted, thnt every newly discovered country becomes ns much the private estate of Her Majesty, as Windsor Park, or Whittlebury Forest. But even granting this assumption to be correct, the consequences which flow from it are far different from those which nre sought to be drawn. Her Majesty lins indeed nn undoubted right to collect the rents and profits of Her domain lands, but only for the benefit of the consolidated fund. These heredi- tary revenues of the Crown were solemnly surrendered during the life of Her Ma jestj» to the consolidated fund, in conside- ration of a civil list of jfc'38ô,00l), by the statute 1 Victoria, chapter 2, section 2. 'The inevitable inference is, that the ordi- nance of the local legislature, 2 Victoria, So. 27, applying the sums pnid for the use of these lands to the purposes of mutual security and protection, and assist- ing the colonial government, in raising rents from these hinds to be applied other- wise thnn to the consolidated fund, is void to nli intents nnd purposes, ns tending to defraud the consolidated fund, and repugnnnt. to the lnws of England. Your committee do not put this forth as their own opinion, but ns a conclusion to which those must inevitably be driven who maintain that the waste lands of this colonj' nre the domnin lands of the crown. So far from admitting this view to be correct, your committee consider that it is only by die fiction of the ancient feudal law; that these can he said to be lands of the crown at all. By reference to the second volume of Blackstone's Commentaries, chapter 4, it will be seen that there never was n time at which the sovereign could be said to be the proprietor of the whole, or of any large pnrt of the kingdom ; that the notion that nil property in lnnd is derived from the King wns a mere fiction of the Norman lawyers, not introduced immediately' after the battle of ïlnstings, but in the nine- teenth year of the Conqueror's reign, under tl-.e apprehension of a Danish invasion ; and that whatever oppression the Con- queror and his immediate successors may hava found excuse for under this fiction, it never was acquiesced i:i as anything more thnn n fiction by the English nation. Your Committee would suggest that this reasoning applies with still greater force to the use of nntural herb ige, than it does to the ownership of land. Bj- the ancient law every owner of land was allowed to feed his cattle on the lord's waste, and the analogy of law would seem to imply that these wnste lnnds stnnd to the settled pnrts of the Colony in the relation of n vnst common, to which, until it be nppro- printed, all Her Majesty's subjects have, of common light, free necess, subject only to such regulations as are necessary to preserve pence and order. Thus Her Mijesty has, as nu ancient flower of lier prerogative, the ownership of the sens surrounding Great Britain, and of the soil over which they flow, and dominion over them. But, nevertheless, all Her Ma-( jesty's subjects have, of common right, the same liberty of fishing in those sens ns Her Majesty herself. This your Committee would submit is the nearest parallel that the nncient lnw of England affords to the case of the waste lands of this colony. The legal argument then resolves itself into this dilemma: if these wnste lnnds be domain lands of the Crown, the proceeds of licenses ought to be carried to the ac- count of the consolidated fund ; if they are held in any other right, it can only be by the fiction of the feudal lnw, and such a fietion can never legally be made the ground-work of taxation. With every re- spect therefore for the opinion expressed by the law officers of the Crown in 1640, and of the recognition of the existence, though not of the legality of the system contained in the 5th and 6th Victoria, chapter 36, your Committee confidently I submit that no ense to show the legnlity j j of this exnetion has been made on the s lion contained in His Excellency's Minute on Finance of the 18th July, 1844, that these license fees are not taken under the Squatting Act, but form a part of the revenue of the Croevn, it may seem super- fluous to add that there is noMiing eehat ever in that act, or those which preceded it, to sanction this exaction. Section 2 of 7 William IV., by which it is enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any person to occupy Crown lands beyond the limits, without having first obtained a license in conformity evith the Government regu- lations in such case made and provided, seems merely void, there being at that time no such Government regu- lations in existence, the regulations for depasturing Crown lands not having been promulgated till two months after the Act passed. The 2nd Victoria, No. 27, section 2, enacts, "Thatfrom and after the first day of July next ensuing, it shall not be lawful for any person to occupy such Croevn lands, without having first obtained from the Governor of New South Wales, a lease or license for such purpose." Here wc may observe a total absence of reference to the regulations subsequently promulgated ; and there is therefore no doubt that the minute is correct in saying that these fee3 are not raised under the Squatting Act. Your Committee have recently obtained, in answer to an address, "A copy of the correspondence between the government of this colony and the Commissioners of Croevn lands, relative to the depasturing regulations hitherto in force, and those promulgated on the 2nd April, 1844;" and also a further return, being " returns . of the largest and smallest occupiers of I Crown lands in each district, beyond the ' boundaries." Your Committee perceive throughout this correspondence, a desire on the part of most of those functionaries to keep the squatters on their present precarious tenure ; very few of them being favourable to the proposition made for their consi- deration, viz, to assimilate licenses or leases in a greater degree than they are at present assimilated. They appear also to have a wish to retain, and even to extend, their present arbitrary and extraordinary powers, and the only vieev evith which they seem to recommend any concession being made to the squatter is, to improve the value of the Crown lands, from evhich they evidently contemplate the government evill eventually gain the advantage. With reference to the returns, your Committee have to express their regret that the ex- planatory note which accompanied them, besides being fallacious in principle, as evill be presently shoevn, should contain no reference to the assessment levied on every j head of stock depastured beyond the boundaries. So far from the assertion being correct that the fifty-six largest squatters depasture very nearly eighteen times as much stock for the same money as the fifty-six smallest squatters, it will be found that in the extreme case taken, and upon evhich the calculations are founded, the largest squatters pay nearly seven times ns much as the smallest. The comparative amount which each class contributes to the public funds may be stated thus. Fifty-six large squatters Assessment on 1,2IG,659 sheep, at Id. per head per annum ,. ¿65,068 Fifty-six license fees at £10..,. 5G0 £5,628 Fifty-six small squatters And the amount of 68,003 sheep, at Id. per head per annum .. ¿62S3 Fifty-sixTicense fees, atafc'10.... 5G0 .£843 So that while the fifty-six smallest squat- ters contribute only £8-13 to the public revenue, the fifty-six largest pay ¿65,G28 annually. But the principle assumed iii the note is vitally fallacious ; it is assumed th.it the large stockholders only pay for one license, whereas it nppears hy reference to the returns, annually published in the Go- vernment Gazette, that many of them take out from two to nine licenses in one district. If is also assumed that the per- sons evho appear as the smallest holders of stork in the return are squatte s in the same sense as the large stockholders ; whereas, although obliged to have a license, they are not properly squatters at all. By .this term your Committee only under- stand to be meant those evho drive flocks and herds into the evilderness, to make a livelihood by taking the grass evhich would I otherwise be annually evasted. The small stockholders named in the return subsist not as graziers, lint ns carriers, labourers, storekeepers, or followers of other occupa- tions supported by the stockholders around them. To those not acquainted with the i parties this may be made manifest by I taking a specimen from the returns : Clarence River district, H. Gisbett, 50 head of cattle, Wellington district, James Collett, 4 head of cattle, and 242 sheep. Lachlan district, 5 settlers, from 45 "to 0*0 head of cattle each. Murrumbidgee district, 2 settlers, from 20 to 40 head of cattle each, Murray district, G. Morrison, 40 head of cattle. Gipps Land district, William Scott, 4 head of cattle. None of these parties, nor many others, erith about the same quantity of stock, could possibly live by their stock, still less pay assessment and license upon its profits. Take the last case put, that of Willitim Scott, and according to the prin- ciple assumed in His Fxcellency's note, this man pays two pounds ten shillings per head to the revenue ; that is, more than the value of the stock in the market. It is scarcely reasonable to bring such cases into calculation for the purpose of ascertaining evhat should be paid by bona fide graziers. Your Committee have not been in- formed uponAvhat data the quantities of land attributed to particular individuals have been determined, and it is not in their poever to contradict these statements, because this return was not laid upon the table of the house till their investigation had closed, and because there is not pro- bably one person mentioned in the return who would be able to state the quantity of land occupied by his flocks and herds with that precision evhich the commissioners seek for additional runs for the increase. It is very easy to swell the number of acres by borrowing a few hundred thousand acres from one of the numerous deserts of this continent ; tracts which, being totally useless to every one, may just as well be added to the domain of the small squatter as the large one. It further appears to your Ci-tnmittee, I that the enormous disproportion between the payment of the large and the small stockholders, asserted to exist by his Ex- cellency the Governor, so far from shoeving the Croevn has been defrauded of its land by the large stockholders, evould be a con- vincing proof that the license fee evas never intended as payment for the use of the land, but merely as a certificate of charac- ter, and the recognition of the precarious nature of the title of the occupant. With reference to the regulations them- selves, your Committee would beg leave to j remark that they presuppose a survey, | which it is impossible can be effected for many years, even were the Surveyor-Ge- neral's department in effective operation ; and that evere this difficulty removed, the number of acres affords no guide to the value of the tract of land occupied by any person. Some parts of the colony are mere de- serts, no number of acres of which «ill feed a sheep ; in others, this may be done evith little more than a single acre ; in others, the stations cannot be occupied more than a feeV months at a time, from want of water. The only practical principle of defining stations is the adherence to natural boun- daries, such as the course of streams, the [ summits of mountains, or any marked ' change in the character of the vegetation ; and the only intelligible measure of the value of the station, when so defined, is the quantity of stock evhich it is able to support in an average season. Tried by these tests, evhich are no speculative opi- nions, but evhich have been confirmed by nearly ee-ery witness examined before your committee, and by the general tenor of the correspondence of the Commissioners of Croevn Lands evith the Colonial Secretary, the regulations of the 2nd of April, must be pronounced not only oppressive in their details, but absolutely impracticable in their original conception. Your Committee are of opinion that the recommenlations of the 3rd April, are an improvement upon the regulations of the 2nd, inasmuch as an admission is made in favour of something approaching to amore permanent occupation, and of the right to compensation for improvements ; there is, i however, nothing to prevent the grazier from being ejected from his run, imme- diately after he has purchased a home- stead, solely evith the view of securing it ; for by the 5th clause it is provided that " the right of the Crown must remain ab- solute, as it at present is, over all lands evhich have not been sold or granted ; it being well understood that the Croevn evill not act capriciously or unequally, and will j not depart from established practice, ex- cept for the attainment of some public benefit." There is, indeed, something so com- plicated and contradictory, and withal so delusive, in reference to the price per acre to be paid for the land, that no regulations which may be based upon them, can give satisfaction. Tiiey are calculated to perpetuate a per- nicious principle, which your Committee have remaiked has generally been adopted, j with reference to croevn lands, viz. :- | That of purchasing one thing nominally, , and another really. For in purchasing land, even at five shillings an acre, the main inducement clearly evas evater fron- tage, or command of back run, and not the i actual value of the land bought. COMMISSIONERS OF CROWN LANDS WITHIN THE BOUNDARIES. In connection with this part of their report, your committee beg to remark upon certain instructions issued by the colonial government, in reference to the unalienated lands within the boundaries of location. It appears from the evidence of the Sure*eyor-General, Sir Thomas Mitchell, that his department is " not exactly disbanded, but deprived of the means of surveying." And by the cor- respondence referred to, your committee learn that since the 1st of February last, the offers of that department were put on salaries equal to one-third of their former amount, evith such alloevances for their work actually performed for the go- vernment, as is fixed by a scale approved by His Excellency the Governor. The same communication states that " they are also to be commissioners of crown lands, and instructed particularly to watch over the unauthorised occupiers of croevn lands." "If," it is added, "the licensed surveyors, in their capacity of crown commissioners, only force proprie- tors of stock to take licenses, or, in other words, to piy rent for the land they occupy, they will, His Excellency has every reason to believe, very soon repay the government the whole expense of their employment. " " They should specially ee-atch the let- ting of croevn lands within the boundaries, announced from time to time in the Ga- zette, and ascertain hoev the croevn lands are occupied which are returned by the Treasurer as not let." In reply to a ques- tion subsequently put by the Surveyor General, the Colonial Secretary stated (14th February, 1841) that the" remune- ration of the licensed surveyors for the services they may render to the Goe*ern ment, ns commissioners of crown lands, should be proportioned to the increase of revenue evhich may be obtained by their exertions. His Excellency declined " to promise any specific remuneration for the removal of a poor squatter «hose occupa- tion of land may be objected to by a neigh- bouring proprietor ; but a considerable per-centage (not less than 25 per cent, during the first year) will he alloeved on any increase that may be made, in conse- quence of their exertions, in the revenue derived from leases or licenses to occupy croevn lands evithiu the boundaries." This system, which your Committee cannot but consider as likely to be a very harassing one, is, however, rendered more objectionable by a circular addressed to the commissioners themselves direct, bear- ing date 6th May, 1844, which forms one of the documents of the same return, and the concluding paragraph of which is as follows : " Whenever cattle belonging to the proprietors of adjacent lands are found trespassing on croevn lands, the owners of the cattle should be required to take out licenses for those lands, and on their fail- ing to do so, the circumstance should be jeported to the Government/' _ sons therefore do no wrong by allowing them to range over the adjacent crown lands, supposingeven that they could prevent them, which they cannot, your Committee are nt a loss to conceive why these persons nre to be iorced to take out licenses, or in default to be reported to the government. Your Committee beg to draw attention to the fact, that in the year 1.839, the rent of a section of 6-10 acres of land within the boundaries, was raised from one pound to five pounds per annum, and that this upset price is so notoriously beyond its value, that parties have abstained from renting, and the revenue arising therefrom has consequently been reduced from three thousand six hundred and eighty-spen pounds, nine shillings, to one thousand three hundred and ninety-four pounds, ten shillings, and eight-pence, the amount re- alised for the year ending 31st May last ; the consequence is,-and your Committee cannot but consider it to be a natural one,-that the adjoining proprietors being unable to pay the high rent demanded for these lands, they are gradually be- coming the resortof disreputable characters, who being a nuisance to the neighbourhood, the government are of course applied to, to cause their removal. Hence arises the state of things mentioned in the letter of the Colonial Secretary to the Surveyor- # General, dated 25th January, " that at j preseut the government is seldom applied to, to remove a squatter within the boun- ¡ daries, unless it be some poor or obscure ' i individual, who probably interferes in the I interests of a neighbouring proprietor, while that very proprietor occupies pro- , bably, free of rent, a large tract of Crown lands.'' Another arrangement of the colonial government is nlso complained of as very injurious in its operation, viz. :-the plan not long since adopted of putting up these sections to rent at the different police offices in the interior; they are applied for by improper characters, in districts where they are unknown ; and although formerly the Colonial Treasurer could exer- cise some control over this matter, he is now jn a great degree prevented from doing so. Your Committee believe too, that this, as in the other cases, has acted prejudicially to the revenue, besides giving an advan- tage to ill-disposed persons, which must act injuriously', as a question of police, to the districts generally. He who has purchased land from the Crown, and pnid lnrge sums of money to the land fund, is avowedly throughout this correspondence made the object of an odious and vexatious system. He is to be forced to pay whatever rent the Crown may fix, and the rent now fixed is oppres- sively high ; he purchased land under a belief, then universal, that he might occu- py, under a reasonable rent, at all events until they were alienated by sale, those sections which he must not graze upon, nnd to insure his being "specially watched," the commissioner, whose salary as a re- duced survejor, is not sufficient to main- tain him, is promised at least twenty-five per cent. " upon any inciease that may be made, in cousequence of his exertions, in the revenue derived from leases or licenses to occupy Crown lands within the bound- aries ;" but no compensation is given for ejecting "a poor squatter," who is very frequeutly the harbourer of runaway con- victs, or other disreputable characters, and the keeper of a sly grog shop. Your Committee cannot conceive any scheme more calculated than this to fill [ the country districts with such a popula- tion, as will require a more expensive police than has ever yet been required foti the protection of life and property. THE COMMISSIONERS OF CROWN LANDS' BEYOND THE BOUNDARIES. It is not the least objectionable feature of the regulations of April 2, that they tend to amplify the already overgrown powers of the commissioners of crown lands. These powers, even at present, are-, arbitrary and unconstitutional in ttev highest degree, for your committee believe that there is uo functionary in Her Ma»»« jesty's dominions, who is entrusted with such absolute power over the property of his fellow-subjects ; the loss of a license is, in most cases, absolute ruin," and yet how lightly this may^ be, and is taken away, will be shown by the evidence. Cap tnin King states, " that by the existing regulations, the commissioner has such an arnitrary power given him over the squat- ter, that he may be tempted to exceed that power, and people will he afraid to complain, or to question his acts for fear of the consequences. I recollect," he says, "once being in the company of» commissioner, when some complaint of the conduct of a squatter was brought to him; his exclamation immediately was, "I will lake his license away from him." In a similar spirit Captain Fyans suggests, " that the power of appropriating stations must be left solely to the commissioner without any appeal, or reference to the government, who 7iiust be totally ignorant of the case and nature of the country." Notwithstanding this opinion, the powers already vested in the commissioners are such that your Committee feel themselves supported hy the evidence in deprecating the attempt to increase them, embodied in these regulations, and would strongly recommend theirdiminution. The vesting of absolute power over the property of others, in any single person, is a principle as unknown to the British constitution, as ths claim to derive a revenue from the waste lands of the Crown ; and your com- mittee have become convinced of the e?il working of this power, by observing that every witness, while he censured the com- missioners as a body, was earnest and eager to except the commissioner of hie own district. CROWN LANDS OCCUPATION ACT. Without pretending to lay down a rule uniformly applicable to every district in the colonj', your ojtomittee can see no reason why the principle of the adjust- ment of rights by the intervention of a jury should not be introduced beyond, as well as within, the boundaries of location, and applied to every case in which the Com- ~ missioner has jurisdiction. This is one of the many reasons which induce the Committee to recommend the immediate repeal of the Crown Lnnds Oc- cupation Act. This Act was obtained under the distinct understanding that the license fee and assessment should both bo applied to the purposes of mutual protec- tion and security. The Committee of 1839, in imposing an assessment on stock, believed themselves to be distinctly nega- tiving the principle of deriving a rent from the waste lands of the Crown, and yet not- withstanding this understanding, and this _hplipf>>^ifi_ nnw. «nf »r. íy^^c^^jj^j^^^^ never intended to be-a payment for the | use of Crown land. Thus j our Committee cannot but feel (hat the consideration which the colony had n right to expect for this Act has failed, that the spirit of the I agreement has been m'i> -.rd, and that the Council has a right to require frim the Executive Government the dissolution of a , contract which has been so contrived ; s to bind one party, while it appears to hiec left the other free. BORDER POLICE. The repeal of this Act will involve the re-organization of the Border Police. The employment of convicts as a mounted con- stabulary might be justified by the ne- cessity of the time, but is now no longer required. The mounted police should, in the opinion of your Committee, be extended so as to take in the districts beyond the boundaries, and as each Commissioner is a Magistrate, your Committee can see no greater difficulty in the mounted police being required to act under his orders, than soldiers under the guidance of a magistrate in England. But if any such incompati- bility should exist, it would appeal to your Committee to be better to discontinue the control of the commissioners over the police altogether, rather than leave those remote districts at the mercy of a police so impotent for good, and so efficient for evil, as the unanimous testimony of the wit- nesses assure your Committee the border police are. From the evidence of Major Nunn, it appears that there is no difficulty in ob- taining as many regulars from the regi- ments as may be necessary, and your Committee therefore hope that the system of hiring civilians for a service for which the discipline and habits of a soldier ren- der him so much more competent, may be discontinued. NATIVE POLICE. With reference to the native police your Committee feel much gratification in ob- serving, from the evidence of the Colonial Secretary and the correspondence produced by that gentleman, that in the district of Port Phillip, where alone this kind of police has been tried, they have been found useful ; but your Committee see no reason to believe that they can be used generally as an independent force, though probably some advantage may be obtained by attaching a few of them to European police, as is now done with the mounted corps. THE INFLUENCE EXERCISED UY THE PRESENT DEPASTURING LICENSE SYS- TEM UPON THE GENERAL IMPROVE- MENT OF THE COLONY, AND THE SOCIAL AND MORAL CONDITION OF THE INHABITANTS. The consideration of the moral and social evils arising out of, and necessarily attendant upon the condition of the occu- pants of land beyond the boundaries, has also engaged the attention of your com- mittee. The uncertainty of tenure under a yearly license, subject to withdrawal at the will of the Executive, upon a mere re- ' port or recommendation of n commissioner, or even by one justice of the peace, pre- vents the establishment of any means for ( religious instruction or education ; and such a state of things must have nn effect ', which it is fearful to contemplate. When the Crown Lands' Occupation Act was passing through the Legislative Council, in March, 1839, the Lord Bishop of Aus- tralia moved an additional clause to the following effect : " Provided nee-ertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent His Excellency the Governor, with the advice , of the Executive Council, from appropri- ¡ ating any portion of such residue, after the giid purposes are provided for, towards the maintenance and support of ministers of the *¡ Christian religion, in the erection of dwell- ( ing-houses tor their residence within , any of the districts beyond the boun- ] daries of location, for which licenses may be issued, or assessments levied for , stock or sheep depastured therein, upon a petition to that effect from not fewer , than adults holding any such license, or resident within such district, with an engagement given by tnetn on their behalf to pay yearly an amount equal to that which they desire to be advanced out of the residue aforesaid, towards the purposes herein mentioned." ' This clause, after n short debate, was ! finally withdrawn, on the expression of ! opinion of His Excellency that there evould ' be no surplus funds alter defraying the ' expense of the police. ! Your Committee cannot but feel that 1 great injustice has been done to this body ' of colonists, by excluding them from a t participation in the means of obtaining ' the ordinances of religion ; notwithstand- ' ing the scattered state of the population, the visits of an itinerating clergyman ' would have a beneficial effect. .In a charge recently delivered to his clergy, His Lordship expresses his opinion, that " unless by the influence of Govern- ment, or by a combination of the pnrties concerned, or by both united, some decided steps be taken for the propagation of the gospel in the more lemote parts of the co- lony, barbarism and unbelief!, accordiug io the reports which His Lordship receives, and from what he has himself witnessed, will assuredly grow up, and gain the as- cendancy in those neglected portions of the territory of a Christian Sovereign." The instruction of the young has, your Committee believe, formed a matter of consideration with the select Committee on education, appointed during the present session. One of the queries which has been circulated by them is-" Can you suggest any means by which the children of shepherds and farm servants, dispersed over the interior, may be brought under instruction ?" As this important subject will therefore be reported upon by them, your Committee will make no further allu- sion to it. «The possession of property unconnected with its rights and duties, must ex erciss a most pernicious effect upon the . community in its political relations» Persons whose means of subsistence de- pend upon the will of the Executive, can not safely be entrusted with the elective franchise, ; and as it cannot be expected that the residents withiu the boundaries will.always continue to be the largest holders of stock beyond them, this absence of (political privileges seems likely, at uo distant time, to raise up two distinct and hostile classes, the one possessing more and the other less than their due weight upon the councils of the colony. ._ ,The social evils of the system are equally apparent ; the possession of property, without its rights and duties, is not more anomalous than the separation ol nu En- glishman from the cares and comforts ^^ of the domestic circle ; your comjnjt iMfifcai-e^Qilrinininn that great «« are tli-MKn. mendation. Let the painful feeling of uncertainty be onco removed, and the disproportion between the sexes, existing beyond the boundmies of location, will he gradually hut surely remedied ; and those who have been, not inaptly», compared to the wandering Arabs of the desert, would throw uff their restless ntul migratory I habits, and become alive to the pleasures, nnd awake to the duties of civilised life. The evidence taken before jour Com- mittee establishes that that winch limits the profitable occupation of waste lnnds, is the want of surface water. In n climate like thnt of Australia, where more rain falls than in England, it would be easy to obviate this deficiency by the construction of wells, reservoirs, and tunks ; hut this will never be done so long ns the occupant feels that the results of his labour nre not only not secured to him, but nre likely to » tempt others, by every' menus iii their power, to' disturb his possession. The same observation applies with equal force to any permanent improvements, and so long as the present feeling of uncertainly exists, the evils of dispersion will thus be aggravated, and the resources of the country left undeveloped. i QUIT-RENTS AN» ARREARS OF UUIT RENTS. The next subject falling under the Committee's notice, is the important one of quit-rents. The chief information ob- tained respecting them, is contained in the , Return handed in hy the Colonial Tren- I surer, and printed with the evidence of j thnt officer; not only nre the rules of I various amounts, hut the conditions under which they have been imposed, are very j different. The quit-rent ol two shillings per annum, per 100 acres, which was a fair and reasonable rate, was successively raiseel to fifteen shillings per annum for every hundred acres, and subsequently to two-pence per annum per acre, and though these alterations elicited no violent oppo- sition, your Committee believe, that lind the colonists supposed they would be really exacted, the result would have been different. In some instances, indeed, the quit-rent was allowed to be reduced wholly, or in part, by maintaining nnd clothing convict servants, and the belief was ni most universal that they would he either remitted or compromised ; certainly that they would never be enforced by legal measures to the ruin of the debtor. The arrears nre occasioned, in a great degree, by the Government having nllowed them to accumulate ; many persons pur- chased, without being aware of nny such claim on the lnnd, and much of the land is not now worth the amount of quit-rent due. Your Committee would, on this head, par- ticularly cnll tiie attention of the Council to the evidence of Captain King, Mr. James Macarthur, mid Mr. Dnngar ; and to the replies to the circulars of Captain Ogilvie, Mr. F. Macarthur, and Mr. Charles Boydell. The quit-rents too were fixed, when the colonists were required to emploj», and were entitled to have a certain number of assigned servants, proportionate to the quantity of land they held, and when no apprehension existed that that supply would ever cease. And not only are the colonists deprived of that advantage, but additional schemes of taxation, for the purposes of Govern- ment, are actually being carried out hy the establishment of District Councils, which are invested with powers of nssessiug foi police, for roads, for public works ; and the very innchinery of which alone will require a heavier expenditure than can be borne. Moreover, when most of the lands sub- ject to quit-rents were granted, and ac- cepted by the settlers, express regulations entitled the grantees to the use of the waste lands adjoiuing, at a moderate ac- knowledgment. In the neighbouring colony of Van Die men's Land, His Excellency Sir Eardley Wilmot has published a .notice, of which the following is a copy : GOVERNMENT NOTICE. Colonial Secretary's Office, Van Diemen's Land, April l8, 18-M. The Lieutenant- Governor lins had before liim for consideration, the circumstances under which the existing arrears of quit rent usually charged when grant deeds are issued, have accrued ; and His Excellency has arrived at the conclusion, thnt they sught no onger to be enforced against ap- plicants lor titles, more especially in the present depressed state of the agricultural interests of the colonj'. His Excellency, in arriving at this de- cision, has adverted to the claims to favour- able; consideration of those persons who have already paid up their arrears, or part of them. To such grantees the govern- ment is prepared to offer the alternative of having the amount so paid by them applied, either in liquidation of lheir quit-rents becoming due hereafter, or towards the redemption of their quit-rents at ten years' purchase. lu the event, however, of the hitter course being preferred, it will be ne- cessary that the settler adopting it should, within twelve months from this date, pay to the collector of internal revenue, such amount in addition, as may render his total payments tqtial to ten years' quit-rent of his land. By command of His Excellency, | (Signed) J. E. BICHENO. This notice is founded tipoti a principle which your Committee think the Execu- tive of New South Wales would do well to adopt. A claim so invidious, and in many cases so inequitable, cannot be ad- vantageous to the Government, and your Committee recommend its attention to the measures suggested, in another part of the Report, for the extinction of this branch ot the revenue. They also observe, that in Prince Edward's Island the quit-rent has been remitted, on the sole ground that it could not be paid in conjunction with any local assessment. The following is a statement of the annual rates of quit-rents in the several towns in the colony : ?I. Sydney-sixpence per rod. 2\. Seaport towns, viz. : Macquarie and Newcastle-five-pence ditto. 3\. Towns at the head of navigable waters, viz. : Balgowlah, Maitland, Par- ramatta, Windsor, aud Wollongong-four pence ditto. 4\. Inland towns, viz.: Appin, Berrima, Bungonia, Campbelltown, Castlereagh. Goulburn, Liverpool, Pitt-town, Rich- mond, atid "Wilberforce-two-pence ditto. Í The Colonial Trensurer's Return shows that the annual amount of quit-rent is j ¡3610,018 17s. 8d.,-and that the sum of! .£55,310 5s. 9d. of arrears was due ou j thqré 1st December last; and during the j last year a considerable sura was obtained > compared with the talue of landed pro- perty it contnius. OF MINERAL UESbRMATIONS IN GRAMS. The late opening of mines in South Austrnhn lins cnllid the attention of jour Committee to the ftct, thal the more recent grunts »it lund in Niw South Wales contain irsuvalions to the Crown of the mineral weah h of the colonj. Tins ic servntion, nli eli is unknown in South Australia, tilectunlly pnvintsthe working of an j mines, even if discoveicdby private enterprise, without mviug the Crown nnj correspondí!'g advantage. It appears nlso, that the Australian Agricultural Company possesses a mono- poly of conl for main j tars to come. \our Committee express no opinion ns to the validity of this grant, though they rnny deplore the improvidence with which it wns conceded but being fully nhvc to the impornnee of steint communiention with this remote country, and of the ma- chinery wrought hy steam, and thus re- placing minimi labour, where thnt labour is in demand, they could enrnestlv wish to sec this mouopolj bought up by any in- ducement, not nlso in the simpe of a mo- nopoly, which the Government may lie. able to hold out. But wlullirr bought up or allowed to expire, jour Committee stc no nason in us ixistcncc, for the Govern ment inserting in the deeds of grants pro- mised before the monopoly wns granted, a reservation which was not to be found in the regulations in force at the time of the promise. Your Committee are informed, however, that such hits been, m ninny in- stances the ense, and although ' the holders of one or two of such gran s have had a species of release from the reserva- tion indorsed upon fheir deeds, the holders of others have had this right within Id by the Government, on the ground that it v*as against practice, and would open the door to many similar claims. THE CO M TACT. Your Committee are of opinion, that no thorough reniedy for the grievances con nected with the Crown lnnds of the colony can he hoped for, fill the whole of the revenues nrising from those lands be carried to the account of the oidinnry re- venue, nnd the management of these hinds be also phcetl under the controul of the Governor and Legislative Council. The former of these objects, the co- lonists once believed, aid as it ap pears to jour Committee on very rea- sonable grounds, had been obtained. These grounds weie as follows -Previous to the year 1 b.it», the territorial revenue was paul into the militan chest After the discoi.tinuance ol the Parliamentary grant of that jenr, it foimed a pnrt of the " ordinary revenue," ns appears bv n des patch of 8ir Richard Bourke, to the Right Honorable E. G Stanley, 1st Septemhu, 1834, in which it is stated that " until the last j ear, the income derived from Ctowu lands, and all other sources of revenur, formed a general fund, from which tin expenditure of the colony was delray ed. Since the receipt of the circular despnie li Df Lord Goderich, of the 1th March, 1632, this prnctice lins been discontinued, nnd ihe income of Crown lands lins not been taken ns forming nny part of the wnjs and menus of the j ears 1S3J, 1834, or 183a, nor has its receipts or exptiuliture been published, or laid before the Council, in the nbstiact for 1S33 , but the expenses of emigration to this colonv, under the direc- tion of His Majesty's Government, have been pnid 1mm these levenues " And in the communication of the Secietary of the I'rcnsury to Mr Spring Rice, signed 1\ Baring, and dnted 23rd i»eplember, 1834, it is stated, that the receipts from snles of Crown lands, fines, and some other heads Df casual revenue, formerlj pnid into the military chest, hnve latterly btenenrned to the credit of the "colomnl revenue." In n further part of tue snme litter, an intention is expressed of transferring to the Doloinil Tri asm les, such charges as art low defrayed from the military chest for the | ohce establishments, for gaols, and for the colonial marine, adding, "at the annie time, thej (the Lords of the Trea jury) are prepared to ncquicsce in the local treasuries continuing in the receipt ol nny surplus of the lnnd revenues beyond the sums appropriated for ihe assistance of »migrants and of the other casual reve- nues of the crown, nnd to allow the colo- nies the benefit of the labour in making ronds, or on other snmlnr public works, jt those more refrnctory convicts who may be condemned to work in the chnin gangs." Under the nuthontj of lins letter, nnd the ncctimpanjing dispatch of Mr. Spring Rice, Sir Richard Bourke in hisaddiessto the Legislative Connel on the 18th of May, 183."), informed them, that "a charge for the maintenance of the police and gaol establishments of the colony, would be liutoductd by command of His Majesty's government, into the estimate for the j ear 1836, nnd nlso the supple mentary estimate for 183.")." To enable the Council to prov ide for this charge, Sir Richard nlso informed the Council, thnt "xlis Mnjestj lind been ginciously pleased to place nt their disposal the surplus of the land revenue, and of the casual reve- nues of the crown, b youd the sums ap- propriated for the assistance of emigratits." lu fulfilment of this arrangement, and m full reliance on these assurances, the Council, misled by the statement that their expenses would not excerd twenty five thousand pounds per annum, at once took upon itself the expense of the police and gaols. The unsatisfactory condition m which this department was, at the time, appears from the expenditure which has been necessarily incurred to bring it lo its present unfinished and imperfect state, an expendituie of no less than eight hundred and filty-four thousand five hundred and eighty -eight pounds two shillings and eleven-pence, since the 1st day ol July, 1835, vyInch, with the expenditure of upwards of one million for immigration, has no doubt added greatly to the nnpo \ erished state of the colony. It appears to your Committee, that there can be no doubt that a compact was entered into by Sir Richard Bourke, on the 18th May, 1835. The only question re« maiuing is, had he authority to make such a compact, or if not, has that com- pact been subsequently ratified. That he had authority to make such a compact appears to your Committee perfectly clear, from the decision of the Lords of the Treasury, a decision which your Commit- tee submit, nothing but a subsequent con- trary decision ot their Lordships, oi an Act oí Parliament is competent lo overrule. But even it this authority were not suffi- cient, the compact has becu ratified by acting under it. It is not competent for the government " -.'." '"'"- - T "» '"""' "t"n»npil entitled to their land revenue ; if it be rescinded, to the repayment of eight hun- dred and fifty thousand pounds, obtained under its sanction. Tno attempts have indeed been made to throw doubt on the tahdity of this com- pact to its lull extent, the first he Lou! Glenelg in Ins dispatch to tur Richard Bourke, of 10th Jul\, 18$*), the second by Str George Gipps in his note appended to the fiuiincial minute of the present tear ' Lord Ghnclg's attempt resolees itsell into n misquotation of the treasury letter , His Lordship in professing to quote the pur- port of the tunstiry letter haeing intro 1 duced the eeords * et (tetera,' eehiih giees ja totally different cotnpltxion to the I matter, and one eeliieh neutralises the j btnefil intended tobo bistoeetd upon the ' eolony The «hole passage is as tollo«s " B\ the (nthsure to m\ prulecessor's despatch, No 10, of 1 ith Noe ember last, eon would pcrcnee, that His Mnjes'e's Goeerniniiit haee acceded to the principle ol the local Treasuries ol the respecliee Australian colonies, recen tug an\ surplus ol the land reel nue, and of the other casual rceenues of the Cronn, beyond the sums appropriated lo the purposes of cmigiation, \\.c , and in the spirit ol that an ange nient, jon will consider course If authorised to plaee in the Colonial lrea sur\, «hatee cr tee enuc of the Croevn iiiny remain unappropriated at the expiration of ci cr} eear, after pacing the expenses incurred on account of inngration, and altir defraying any other charges which His Majtste's Government should think proper to direct should be borne on that reetnue Vt the sime time, it cannot be too distinctly understood, that the direc- tions just gticn, are not to be taken as dieesting the Goeeminent ot the full and uncontrolled power of apple mg the Crown reeenues, m part, or in eehole, without the consent or intenention of the Legislature." With equal dismgcnuousness Lord Glenelg resenes to the Got eminent the tull and uncontrolled pene cr ot appro- priating the Crown remine without the consent ol the Legislature \our Com- mittee cannot admit that a Sicrclan ol State for the Co'ontes has ant. auihorite lo alter the decision of the Lords of the Treasure, and then fore look on this despatch as a mere commentary on it, but by no means of equal anthon!) erith the treasure, letter to eehiih it relers 'Hie sicond attempt is to be found m the note nboee mentioned, «Inch stales ' what the Lords of the 1'rcasurj herein express tin nisetves reade to acquiesce in, is not the introduction ol ane new pnn ctplc or prat tice, but the continuance of the prnctuc «Inch preenihd since 1827 , that is to sue, the practice of paying the proceeds ol the tcrritorul and casual rc lenui tuto the Colonial treasure, int/eud t>f the militai y chest, into which (as e\ plained in a pietious paragraph), it had been pnid prior to the tear 1827 " Now it is quite true that tin se reeenues had been paid tuto the Colonial 1 reason eeer since \b¿7, but subject to two ilil- li rent modes of appropriation, the one which treated them as ordinary ree enuc, and which was in force until the receipt of Lord Godcneh's circular of 1832, the other, which continued Iro n that period until that compact etas made by Sir Hichard Bourke, eelnch considered these revenues as entirely set apart for the pur- poses of cmit-ration. Winch of these two lid their Lordships acqu esce in ' Not the latter, for they were ignorant of its exist- ence, as it appears from their statement, (hat these funds hate latterly been carntd to the credit of the colonial government It could not hate been n ne» se stem, for the evords acquiescence and continuing, preclude such an idea, and clearly point to something antecedently existing It must then haee been the former, in whose con- tinuation they acquiesced, subject to n charge for emigration alone But it is (ontcndeii, m a note appended to the treasury letter, as your Committee beheee be His Excellency tue Goeernor, that there is a distinction between paying money into the Colonial Treasure, and the right to aj proprtate the monees so piid in, in other eeords, that their Lord ships meant to adopt a pnrt onie of ihe old se stem-that part ethtch authorised the Colonial Inasurer to recelée the said ree eulie, and nut that part «Inch placed that retenue at the disposal of the Council The compact then would stand thus -On condition that the Council «ill undertake to proeide for the police and gaols, the goe eminent undertake to keep the said reeenue in the Colonial Treasury, and ex- pend it in an* wa\ it pleases. To this tteev His Excellency the present Goeernor, we may oppose the sentiment of í-ir Richard Bourke, to whose mind no such distinction presented itself, and eeho treats the ncquiescencc of their Lordships in theloLal treasuries continuing in the receipt of ant surplus of the land reeenue, as equienient to placing that rete- nue at the disposal of the Council. Your Commit tee also would appeal to the Treasure letter itself, «Inch states, " that the time has arrtecd when the in- tention of charging further portions of the expenditure incurrid in the colonies upon the colonial retenue may be carried into effect, by the transfer to the Colonial Treasuries of such charges as are now de- frayed from the military chest." Nott it appears to your Committee that, if in the language of tins treasury letter the transfer of a charge to the Colonial Treasury means, as no one has ever doubted that it does, that those charges are to be borne by the ordinary revenue of the colony, and estimated for by the Legisla- nte Council, it follows by parity of reason iii^, that the receipt of revenue by the Colonial Treasury, must imply that that retenue must form part of the ordinary revenue, and be likewise at the disposal ot the Council. Haeing shoevn the existence of a com- pact for the sun ender of the crown reee- nue to the Legislative Council, your Com- mittee proceed to enquire how subsequent circumstnuces hate affected this stiuc of things. '1 he 5th and üth Victoria, cap. 30, while infringing the letter, has left entire the spiutof the compact. The pnmaiy charge of the expenses of sun ey and sale is a reasonable, and almost necessary charge, upon the land fund The item for emi- gration is carrying out the very letter of the agreement, and the placing the remain der at the disposal of the Lords of the 'Ireisury, seem to glee a parliamentary ratification to evhat they hate already done But by the Act of the same session, cap. 76, it is enacted, " that no law to be made bv the said Council, shall inteifere in «nv mnniipr willi tlii» snl/> or sinnrnnrin. I clause would prevent the Council from treating the proceeds of lnnd sales as ordinary revenue , but there is nothing, your Commutée think, eulie» in this clause, or any other pirt of the Act, to prevent the Council from exercising this power ii It h "Mid to lin m hy the I ids tf the liensuiv, on behalt of Her Mi jesty \s lo tin other Crown revenues, section 2') clearly does not a,iph to them The compilât is there! ire in lull fence, nnd they ought, in the opinion of your Com mutee, to be placed at the disposal of the Legislature, ns part of the wnys and menus of the orduinrv revenue Hint nnv doubt should he nttempted to he thrown upon the question after the mnnv years of nt quiescence by the British Government in the interpretation put upon the Inasury correspondenee by Sir Rk hurd Bourke, nnd the enormous sums paul by the colony for British objects ni pursuance is, y oin Committee think, much to be deplored from the distrust ni the hotioiu and inn niions ol the 1 xccutue, which such conduct necessarily inspiies ^Inlc thus advocating the chums of the Council to have the land revenu" plnced at its disposal, on the ground ol compact, your t omniittec would beg to express this opinion, that that claim ts no less irresistible on considerations of public pohev So long ns the i eve nue raised from the colony shall be divided into two parts, the one ni the disposal of the Exe- cutive, ond the oilier of the Legislature, it is impossible th it any cordial co opera tion in finnnciiil matters can exist An endless complication nnd confusion of ne counts, a shiltmg of items from one divi sion of the revenue to the other, lins been, and must be, the necissnrv result lo the simple consideration of whether an expense is, or is not necessnrv tor the good of the colony, is superndded the em- barrassing nml often keenly conlesttd question, upon which division of the revenue the expense is to be horne Hie Executive naturally feels thnt every neces- sary item which it can succeed in chnrging upon the ordinary revenue, is so much gained towards emancipating it from the control of the representatives of the people , and the Legislature is nnturally jus,, ns anxious to extend its appropriating power, by exercising all the indirect influence it enn command, over the mininer in which the crown revenues nr< disposed of llius the liinctious of the 1 \ecntivc mid tin Legislature art interchanged mid con founded, and n grasping mid encroaching spirit, nilen to the principles of rational and constitutional liberty, is create I Lord Stanley's \et contains n parliamentary recognition of the principle, thnt the fund rniseel in the colonies ougiitto bctxpended for their henefi' , and your committee are stroit,ly of opn ion, thnt this benefit is more likely to be second by pi icing these funels nt the disposal of the Legishtive C ouncil, to nul them in lnjhtening the hurtticu of taxation, linn by allowing the Executive to ritnin them, anti thus, ii it think lit, to neutralise the efforts o( the C onncil to economise, by paying salaries winch tiny have disallowed 'Hie large mil list, amounting to i taxation of fen shillings a ho id onciery man, womnn, and chile) in thccilouy, is in (he opinion of your committee, n sufficient ¡.unrantcc fe) the stability of the Executive, and the exr ample of Canad i, and many other colonies, and of Great Britain herself, niTords a pre- < cèdent from which your Committee are led ( to hope, that these revenues will, nt no t distant period, be plnced ntthe disposal ol the Legislature Before entering on the i subject of the compact, j our commit tee also e expressed their opinion that the manage incut of these lands ought to he plnced i under the c ntrol of the locnl 1 egislnture » Cven a superficial perusal of the evidence appended to this Report, must connut e I every candid person that this colony is in < s ni, chuinte, and productions, nn exeep- < non to every other British possession I The experience and knowledge ol which ' the Ccilunml Ofhcc is the depository, is i derived entirely from colonies planted in t agricultural countries, while the difference between nn agricultural nnd pnsturnl peo i pie, and between Vustraha nnd nil other pastoral countries must be seen to be tin- I tlerstood, nu ndvnntagc which can rnrelv, i if ever, be possessed by those who nre nf I present entrusted with the management t of its wnste lands, hence it is, that this l country has been subjected to a succession I of ruinous experiments, wise probably in * themselves, nnd well calculated for the I countries foi which they were originally | designed, but when transferred to \ustra hn, full of inconsistency nucí extravagance . The ni tempt to rnise the rent of a l square mile of lnnd from one pound to five I pounds-ihe increasing the minimum price c per acre fiom five shillings to twelve slid- c lings and from twelve to twenty shillings the recent attempts to define by the mun I her of ncres, the nnd pastures of the i wilderness-the nlttmpt toincorpornte the districts of ii country too poor to defray i the expense of the requisite machinery- j nre only examples of a succession of expe riments, winch hnvc been Hied o0nin and I nDnin upon the country with the most faint i results ihe only remedy for these evils | is accurate local knowledge, and y our com- I mutee know not where to find this coupled ' with the requisite degree of ability, except I in the local legislature It would prnbn I bly surpass the wit of mnn to dense nny i one sjsfm which should be npphcblc to i every part of a country diffeiing so much i m soil and climate as the colony of New South Wales, and the requisite modifica- | dons can only he the result of local expe- i rience. With reference to this subject, f your committee would beg to cull attention t to the follow mt» extract from lue Report of the C n mutee on the Debenture Bill, dated 4th December, 1811, of which the present Colonial Secretary wns Chnumiin < " In fixing the minimum price for land, an i intimate local knowledge is requisite of the country to which his to apply. It t must be first considered what is the chief 1 niticle of produce horn lind , whnt quail- t tity of the latter is required in order to ' raise it , what pnce will that niticle on nn | average yield , what is the price ot labour, ( and what is the vnlue of the cnpitnl em i ployed, exclusive of the lnnd, and the pre- t vailing late of interest on such capital I With these elements it will not be dilhcult < to say ivhat is the highest price that enn < be given foi land, so as to yield a return < to the purchaser proportionate to the | geneial rate of profits prevailing in the i community To rinse it higher would only be to deter parties from purchasing altogether. It is admitted that these dina < are liable to lind nation, hut it is probable f that some of ihtm will be effected by t ic t sntuc circumstances in nn inverse latio I lor instance, if the pi ice of labour should I i co i i»r> »1 1 1 n\p n lpndencv to ii» i rpss I requisite for obtaining a return in produce from tho soil, so that the general data relatively to land would not be essentially disturbed. As has been shown, the minimum price of land must he lixed with reference to the chief artiele of produce, mid it is ]mhh>, ol (iiursi, to he cb iu,»t d, on ant change taking pinte m this tespict. For instance, if instead ol wool, eenie, sugai, cotton, ot coffee, became the chid nrlicle of production, it would lie necessary to fix the talue upon the wild lands, tn conformity to the circumstances iifferting these productions. The up- set price of the more taltiable lands must be fixed according to the peculiar circumstances offectnig each case , but ns a general proposition, it should he below the s Hing prier of similar land, it being rather the proeince of the goeenunent to sell land in ihe ethnlcsale wat, so as to enable the purchaser to dispose of if, should he flunk fit, at a reasonable profit, which will, ol course, be always regulated be the competition he may expect to meet with at public auction. In fixing a suitable price for the sale of land in n new country, some allowance must he made for increasing enlue by the progress of settlement, and the increase ol population, hut this diotild always be done with a tenthr consideration lor the pur- chaser, eeho, in becoming a settler, con- tributes to that prospinty and ode one c tnent «Inch gncs this additional enlue. It must also be horne in minti, that unless the purchase is made obeiouslt profitable, the inducement to persons of capital to enngiate is diminished, and the desire to purchase proporlionolly repressed. It is not, therefore, the interest of the public to obtain in every instance, the highest possible price for the lind, for in propor- tion ns the uitestment is profitable, so will 1 e the inducement to import capital for that purpose , and ngHin, in proportion to the amount ltnested, «ill the menus of importing labour be augmented to create fresh talue, and fresh demand for other lands." "iotir committee would alsoremnrk, that by nlioeeui.- the Connel1 a toice tu the management ot croevn Innds, her Majesty would not be deputed ol her control oeer them, solong ns the Goeernor for the time being retained Ins teto on the pro cetc'ings of the Connell. It is to the at- tainment of these two objects, the ma- nagement of the crown lands, mid the appropriation of the eroeen reeenue by the Ligi-datnc Council, that your committee look lor a solution of the difficulties eehiih surround the question. Without these concessions, n final settlement of these difficulties is, as they ore fully convinced, impossible. RkCOMMbND\riONSOI THL COMMITTJ*h. Your committee hating now reported separately upon the gnetanees to «Inch the etidence refers, proceed to make that gem ral ditisiou ot them «Inch the Counci' instructed them todo, eiz. -"Into the grieenuces «Inch can be redressed in the colone, and those which cannot." They have to recommend that anaddtessbf pre- sented to his Lxeelteney the Goe ei nor, requesting that the regulations of 2nd April, lb II, be recalled, hecnuse the*, are, in ihe opinion of eeeiy witness, imprac- ticable in principle, nud oppressing and ruinous m detail. And they «oiild also recommend to the Council to communi- cate to his Excellency that in the opinion of the Council, the recommendations saul to lune been transmitted by the Genet al Hewett contain principles windi could not be worked oui, without tho utter ruin j! the grazing interests. Your committee haee also to recom- mend that the license fee be either wholly ibohshcd, or reduced to a nominal sum. rhey anticipate the less difficulty ni ob- taining tins request from the strong feeling if dissatisfaction which his Excellency has impressed with the present licensing sys- tem, and the fact, that the estimated re- tenue from assessment on stock exceeds the- estimated expense of border police by three thousand pounds. Your committee haee also to recom- mend the repealing of the Squatting Act, 2 e'ictoriii, No. 27, and that another Act lie ¡lassed, limiting and defining the powers now tested in commissioners, and trans- ferring those powers from a commissioner jr a justice of the peace alone, to some tribunal in the nature of a jury, oeereeinch the commissioner shall preside, imposing such an assessment as the Council shall think reasonable et iib reference to the pro- posed abolition of license fees, and making such assessment part of the ordinary re- tenue, out ol «Inch the expense ol the mounted police, proposed to bo substituted for the present border police, and ot the commissioners of crown lands, shall he j ilefrae ed I The necessity of this latter protision «ill j be apparent, «hen it is pointed out that, in the estimates for 1 fc-Jf-, the border poiice I is put down at £ 17,770, mid the estimated receipts from assessments and fines and fees at £20,500, thus leaeing an apparent surplus in the hands ol the Council, which they cnntiot ledly dispose of, and raising ii surplus retenu» «Inch it is not in their pu«er to reduce, unless indeed it be thouirht the 31th section of the Act, 5 mid b Victoria Begins*, cop. 7b, oeer rides the local ordinance, in the some «ay as it has been suggested ni his Excellency's minute, the 17th section ot same Act oeer rides the local ordinance for the incorpo- ration ot the city of Sydney The proposed Act should also contain a provision for holding petty sessions, the want of which court has virtually depnted the residents beyond the boundaries of the benefits of the " Master and Sériants' Act." Your committee can apprehend no Jilhctilty in providing magistrates, being it ill continced that in no part of the colony can a greater number ol intelligent mid well educated gentlemen be found. As the appropriation of any portion of the assessment for the purposes of re- ligion and instruction, «ns only refused on the supposition that no such surplus would exist, a supposition windi past ex I'erience, and the ways and mentis and estimates of this year, show to be erroneous, ?oui committee do not feel justified, seen in a tempoiary arrangement, in oter looking these all- important objects , and trust that by phcing these funds at the disposal of the Council, they may be en nhlcd, by rigid economy, to make some piotisiou for the religious instruction, as ittll as the protection, of tins hitherto neglected portion of the community. Et en it these recommendations Le complied with, your Committee are far lrom thinking that a stat" of things «ni inse, with which the colonists ought 11 be content, «anting as it docs, fixity el tenure, and right of pie-eniption, but they hone that this system, imperfect fa | , I (he claim to raise a revenue by prorogative put forth on behalf of the Crown ; nnd may give breathing time to the harassed colonists, until the Governor nnd Council of the colony, have received from Parlia- ment, power to provide remedies of n mon» permanent nature. As regards the rent of the crown lands within the boundaries, your Committee would earnestly recommend, that the un- set pi ice be diminished to fifteen shillings per section per annum ; a mensure which they nre convinced will be ns beiiefic , the revenue ns to the occupier. Also thnt the system of putting up these sections to competition at the different police oflices of the interior, be discontinued ; nnd that they be, ns formerly, rented nt the Colu- mn! Trensury in Sydney. As the raising of this rent from one pound to five pounds per section, lins diminished the revenue derived from it, to one-third of its former amount, so your committee arc well per- suaded thnt the diminution recommended, would increase the revenue in at least ti corresponding ratio. If this be doiie, your committee trust thnt it will be no longer neccssnry to stimulate the diligence of the agents of government hy a commission of 25 per cent, upon the* proceeds of their labours j nnd thnt the circular of His lix» ecllency nddressed to the commissioners, need be no longer acted on. Your Committee would also recommend that an address be presented to His Excellency, praying that he would be plensed, on behalf of the Crown, to waive the prerogative of insisting upon payment of quit-rents due more than six years before the present time ; and that he will be pleased, in consideration of the dispro- portion of the rate of quit-rent in msny cases, to the value of the land, of the im- possibility of levying them, in most instances, without utter ruin to the debtor, of the failure of the consideration, and disappointment of the hopes under which these liabilities were incurred, nnd of the general impression deriving no. slight cornitennncc from the conduct of the Government, that those quit-rents would never be oollected, to remit such portions of them to individuals and to mnkc such arrangements for their extinction in future, ns the equity of each case may seem to require. Your Committee would suggest, ns a general rule, thnt quit-rents reserved on lands in Sydney, might be left ns they nre . thnt quit-rents in country towns should be reduced to one-fourth of their present amount; mid that the quit- rents reserved on country lnnds should be reduced to two shillings on every one hundred ncres. As nn equitable principle, applicable to nil these cases, your Committee would sug- gest that nny person who lins pnid, or shall pny, a sum of money equal to ten years purchase of quit-rent, calculated nt the above rates, slinll hold his land discharged from this demnnd. Your Committee recommend, that mea- sures be taken to vest in the grantees, and purchasers of Crown hinds, the mines they contniu, by n local ordinance, or an address to the Governor, ns reny be deemed most advisable, gunrding such existing interests for the period they have to run, ns may be deemed to have a lawful foundation. Passing to the second division of their recommendation, i. e. "the remedies for grievances which cannot be redressed in the colony," your Committee have to recom- mend the totnl mid immedinte repeal of the 5th nnd 6th Victorine Reginte, cap. 36, . s far ns regnrds New South Wales. Almost every provision of that Act is, in the opinion of your Committee, unsuitable to the circumstances of the colony. The high minimum price-the discretion left to the Governor to increase, but not to reduce the price below the minimum amount-the absence of nny power to lease for nny period longer than one year-the requiring ready money to be paid in every case-the appropriating one half the pro- ceeds of snles of land lo emigration, by which the fund available for that purpose is made to depend not on its wants, but on the number of persons able to buy nail pay for crown lands-the plncing the other hnlf at the disposal of the lords of the trensury - these, which nre the principal provisions of the mensure, appear to your committee so objectionable that they can see no good likely to arise from nu attempt, to remodel it. They would nlso recommend the repeal of thnt pnrt of the 29ih section of 5 and G Victoria, cap. 7C>, which excludes the Council " from interfering in nny manner with the sale or other appropriation ol' the lands belonging to the Crown, within the snid colony, or with the revenues thence arising." Your Committee would further recom- mend the vesting of the management of the Crown lnnds, and the revenue arising therefrom, in the Governor nnd Legisla- I live Council of the colony, by nu Act of the Imperial Parliament, ns lins been done» in Canada, Newfoundland, and other British Colonies. When the Governor and Council have been invested with these powers, it will be, in the opinion of your Committee, their first duty to frame such a system of lenses as, without really sur- rendering under that name the right to the freehold, may yet give the occupant that feeling of security, which is shewn hy- the evidence to be so necessary in erery point of view ; and to annex to these leases such rights of pre-emption, mid of compensation for improvements, as may render it for the interest as well ns the comfort of the stockholder, to surround himself with the conveniences of civilized life. Your Committee, unable as they are to influence the result, will give no opinion whether one system of this kind can be devised for the whole Colony ; but they trust thnt the evidence which they hive collected may be found useful, in deter- mining this mid immy other points, which must necessnrily come under the considera- tion of the Legislntnre, whenever it shall have been invested with the control of Crown lands, by the justice of Parliament. Your committee cannot conclude with- out expressing, on behalf of themselves , mid the colonists, their grateful sense of the distinguished services rendered to the cause of systematic colonization by Chanel Buller, Esq., M.P., for Liskenrd, mid the g Honorable Francis Scott, M.P., for Ros- | burgshire, for his mnsterly exposition ot g the case of the Australinu squatters. Ana « they trust that the Council will express its sense of the obligation under which tlicy w have laid this community, by a suitable voto of thanks to those gentlemen. _ CHAULES COWI-EK, Chairman. j¡. Legislative Council Chamber, _ Sydney, August 29, 18-14. PtHiíé&^anif Published lu Ciiaum.s 1 ?janaJoa* SJj 