ENGLISH EXTRACTS. IMMIGRANTS FOR AUSTRALIA. BY PETER CUNNINGHAM, ESQ., lies. THE Australian settlers are making a great' " outcry for Coolie labour, from English WOW . A sMr The Coolies OMI introduce nothing Ellendale, according to the relations for H.Äomes they must be somewhat to India -sevens at colonial expense. It is a real live so that Coolie immigrants must consist r ,«4vcnual proportion of sexes, whereas ?/rÄoC that bachelor shepherds and 1 "S can be employed at the Austra- as Froissart and Peru the w* Smith Waters could obtain immigrants at She Coolie cost, from those countries not S half the sailing distance of India, while elect to pay their passage back again, 1,1 £cither wave? their useless wives, for out-stations are concerned., The Aus- land Cape colonists could have immigrants ST Chili Peru, or Buenos Ayres, to teach tom«ometlungusoful --1stly, irrigators, to in wick in irrigation ¡ 2ndly, stockmen, to initiate E taftc use of the lasso and solos for catch would cattle and horses, and into the process rfW and mutton jerking and Srdlj', sheep moves to introduce and train the breed of Amt which, according to the eminent na sheriffs. Darwin, conduct the flocks to pasture, St them from the wild dogs and bring turn back to the folds without shepherd super Stendcnce. In this alone there would be an Zual saving of £35 in each flock by the dog 5»m29hepherd's duty better than the shepherd, The keeping better watch at night. Being Lro fierce dogs, they would also protect their men from either black or white thieves better , jan me"- It; is a curious fact' is recorded DJ' I Barwin, that a single sheep-dog can keep a sack of wild dogs at bay, although of the same Danish breed as itself, there being no abori outward dogs in South America. Chinese are good irrigators, and indeed good cultivators of everything, from China being a "hop-growing country, not a pastoral country. They are a hard-working, industrious race, and consequently would be useful in Australia. No Chinese women are allowed to emigrate, therefore themselves would bounincumbercd with wives and families. They soon find wives at Java, Sea. when their funds are at a premium and would soon do so in New South Wales, as, although the males greatly exceed the females there, a goodly number of the latter die discon i Bolate old maids, or disconsolate widows. A ' Chinese carpenter at Parramatta, had, I saw, a goodly family about him from an English wife. The English damsel found that her Chinese lover had saved £500, and was making £200 s year by his trade ; therefore her success tribe heart naturally yielded to the swain's soft persuasions I 