(Colonial News. PORT PHILLIP. Tuesday's overland mail has brought us papers to the 1st instant. Want of space prevents our making the usual amount of extracts from them ; we have therefore merely condensed a summary of news from the journals before us. It appears that the southern province will at last be forced into an expression of opinion on the transportation question. On the 30th November, a public meeting was held, for the purpose of considering the subjects of immigration, and the prevention of the loss of human life by shipwreck, at which about two dozen persons attended. Mr. Kerr, in connexion with the subject of immigration, moved the following resolution-That in referring to immigration, this meeting distinctly desires to be understood as contemplating the introduction of free persons only, and repudiates, in the strongest terms, the importation of British criminals under, that or any other designation." This resolution was opposed by several speakers, and, on being put to the meeting, was negatived by a majority of 22 to 11. A requisition to the Worshipful the Mayor to call a public meeting respecting the renewal of transportation, has been published in the Melbourne Argus, but no further steps had been taken at the latest dates. An unfortunate man named Edward Kennedy had perished from falling into a soap boiler, on the premises of Messrs. Mortimer and Sayers. He was got out immediately, but died on the following day. A verdict of accidental death was returned by a coroner's jury. Four blacks of the Gipps Land tribe had undertaken to bring in and deliver up the white woman detained by the blacks, on receiving a certain number of tomahawks and blankets. The offer had been accepted, and the aborigines had started on route. Three aborigines attacked an American black, who was a shepherd at Weiraby, for the purpose of getting his sheep ; but the gallant fellow made so firm a resistance as to drive his opponents from the field. £5,000 had been forwarded through the Bishop of Ripon to Van Diemen's Land, for the support of missionaries in the bush. Mr. Surveyor Wade had started for the western frontier, in order to mark out the boundary between Port Phillip and South Australia. The remains of one of Mr. McKinnon's shepherds, who had been missing three weeks, were found near Lake Mundy, Portland District, sitting with his back against a tree. His faithful dog, nearly dead from hunger, was found crouching at his side. A man named Thomas Farrell twice attempted to drown himself in the Yarra River, on the 29th November. The first time he was got out by some passers-by and on the second occasion was caught in the act of leaping from the river bank. In a heavy gale, which occurred in Portland harbour on the 26th Nov., the brig Elizabeth and the schooner Will Watch broke from their moorings, and went ashore immediately below the township. The Elizabeth was a complete wreck, but it was expected that the cargo of the Will Watch would be saved, though hopes of preserving the. vessel was given up. The three blacks in custody for the murder of Mr. Andrew Beveridge, of the Murray River, have been fully committed to take their trials for that offence. The lambing season in the Portland district had been remarkably prolific. One proprietor had as much as 100 per cent, increase. Several immigrants had arrived in Portland from South Australia. Lamentable Destitution Now that Sir Robert Peel has retired, the question is, What will become of Disraeli? He must attack somebody. For the want of a victim, we should not be surprised if he turned round and abused himself. He could not possibly have a better subject. Punch. Proper Pride In a fairy tale by the Danish author Auntersen, there is a leather ball of so aristocratical a character, that when proposals are made to her by a peg top, because they happen to have been companions in the same drawer, she indignantly asks him whether he is aware that her father and mother were morocco slippers," and that she has " cork in her body." Printed and published by Richard Jones, at the "Maitland Mercury" Office, High street, West Maitland. 