ENGLISH AND FOREIGN NEWS TO 24TH DKCEMBEE. . JFrom the Mauritius Cerneen.} Wb bare been Catoared with copies of die London Mail of tbe 24th December, from utiicb we estracl llin moat interesting intelligence. The cmunrWiUnding between Admiral Dacres and tbe Freucb Consul at ibe Mauritius bat been tbe (abject of diplomatic notes between ibe courts of tbe Tuileries »od Si. James's, and., it baa been officially announced by Mr. Guizot to Lord Nor manby ibat Ihe Frenob Gorernmeniliasgircn ordera tor the recall of Mr. de Jouy, in compliance with tbe demand of Lord Palmersion. Tbe Frencb op position paper* are indignant at the concession of Mr. Guizot. Mr.de Jouy bat been transferred as consul lo Honolulu, in tbe Sandwich Islands. The snbject of duties connected witli India and China is still engaging public Btlention. There ia no remission of tbe agitation which lias been commenced, for a revision of the taxation levied on tea, and for an abolition of the East India Company's salt mo nopoly. Our obituary records tbe deceuseof Lord Stourton, Ibe Right lion. Thomas Grentille, Lord Amelius Uenudcrk, Sir G. H. Barlow, Hart., GeDeral Sir Marlia Huoler, Lieut. Geoera! J. Sborlal), Colonel Davies, Sir J. S. Lake. Adam Anderson, L. L. U., professor or Natural Philosophy, St. Andrew's, and Lteul.-Cotonel Elwin. Parliament is to mcel for tbe deapalcb of business on tbe 19lh January. _ In Ireland, thousands are. perishing from Ihe com bined effects of cold and hunger. Tbe public work', extensive as they are, afford employment only to « quota of tbo hapless sufferers ; and tbe wages paid, though liberal as regards the customary rales, barrly compass a stinted meal for tho families of the fa misbiog labourers, Tlie had i* untilled, aad the misguided peasantry eagerly buy fire-arms. We are glad, however, to be enabled lo report that the extremity of the evil, instead of paralysing the ener gies of Government, has determined Ministers (o bring forwarJ a series of measures, firm and search ing, founded on the investigations which have for some time been going on in Ireland. It is worthy of notice, that during the agitation of iliesc momentous questions, and tbe acknowledged presence of un equalled misery, the chiefs of (be repeal faction carry on their petty squsbblings with an energy not sub dued by Ibe pressure of (be limes, or ibe ridicule of reasonable fneu, whatever nay be tlieir party. It would appear that tbe contempt of moral obli gations evinced by tbe Frencb Government, or rather hy Ihe Frencb Mooarcb supported by bis administration, has not failed to bring its own punish ment. Far more than when a British minister cut snort the doublings and turnings of French diplomacy liy Ibe quadruple treaty ol 1840, it France now isolated — estranged from tbe councils of European Courts. All her efforts to regain the ground posi tion she occupied but a few months since at ling land's right-hand, but reicnl the height from which she Iibb fallen. Any, every sacrifice seems light in Ibe eyes of the aged Monarch lo restore ibe entente cordialceo lately existing, so grossly violated, add yet— so much coveted. Tbe results of Ibe revolution in Portugal are ycl undecided ; some slight advantages had been gained on either side. Considerable apprehensions exist nmonget (he relatives and connections of the senuien engaged in the expedition of tbe ' Erebus' and ' Terror' which sailed from the river in June Inst year, under ibe command of Sir John Franklin, and Capt. Crozier, end many anxiousapplicalionshave lately been made to Ibe Admiralty on tbo subject. No (idinga Iiaio been received since last December, when from in formation obtained from Esquimaux, and conveyed to tbe Danish settlements hi Greenland, the expe dition was preparing to winter in Gilbert's Sonnd. Tlie last whaler bas retnroed without bringing any intelligence, and from all accounts this, their second winter in Ibe ice, bas set ia at tbe north with great severity. Tlie ' Daily News' announces (lie fallowing as tbo heads of Ibe Government measure lobo proposed ia mitigation of Irish distress : — Tbe chief laws at present in operation, for em ployment, improvement, anJ drainage in Ireland, nre to be continued ; but to be amended and made more efficient. Ibe action of Ihe poor-house will be put forward as a check, to fling back tbe loiterer, who could find employment elsewhere, from burdening relief-funds ; but the Warden of the Poor (equivalent to tbe English overseer) will be empowered to give relief in all cases to the infirm and really destitute. Emigration will be provided. Not only will depots , be formed at borne, but active and beneficent prepa rations will be formed in the colonies, so as lo insure those who wish to emigrate against all the risks of ibe poor, improrided, and ignorant emigrant. 1'bia, however, will be coupled with the choice of settle ment at home. A commission will be iisnod for Ihe purchase of watte lands, which are lo be enclosed, reclaimed, cultivated, and offered in no large lota for sale, with such facilities as will render them a premium for industry and frugality, and tbe foundation of a class of Irish yeomen. There are other lands, not waste, that arc but half cultivated, and which, in the hands of the poor, incumbered, embarrassed landlord, are as profitless to ibe community as the bog or bealb. To render these Wore available, liberty will be given to ?ell entailed properly. Government will be empowered to proceed lo the sale of portion of those estates indebted to Govern ment which have not paid up tbe interest or instalment agreed upon. Tbe accounts from the West Indies report tbe crops to be flourishing. Tbo subject of,separating tbe culture of sugar from process of manufacture, by the .eMabfishnipnl of central sugar factories, was occupying general attention in Jamaica, where also the House of Assembly seemed agreed thai, since tbe redaction of the sugar duties, (be expense of importing free immigrants from India could not be borne. Mr. Barclay slated thai the Asiatic labourers cost £15 each to bring them here, and it would cost £7 at least to take them back : whereas the Africans only cost about £5 lo bring them here, and there Mas no expense (o lake them back. 