SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. SAILED. Jan. 28— The steamer Juno, 600 tons, R. J. F. Kirsopp master, for Sydney. Passengers— Mr. James Bunce, Mr. Steward, Mr. Samuel Stocks, Mr. N. Atherton, Mr. G. M. Stephen, Mr. F. Jenkins, Dr. Yarnold and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Hardy, Mr. S. Stephens, Mr. Linley, Mr. Wea ver, and Mr. C. Weaver, in the cabin ; Duncan Livington, Mr. Darby, Mr. Martin, wife, and child, Mr. Ross, Mr. R. Wells, George Smith, Henry Hodgins, F. Schurman, John Bayley, John Sayton, J. Gerred, James Culan, and J. Mur doch, in the steerage. EXPORTS. Cargo of the Juno — 150 tons copper ore, South Australian Mining Association ; 2 tons flour, Stocks; 3 tons sago, 1 gig, Order. Immigrants by the Success, arrival reported in our last — M. Baker, J. Bardon wife and two children, J. Bardon and wife, Mary Bardon, H. Blade and wife, G. Carr, J. Clyder and wife, Thos. Clatterbuck wife and child, Robt. Crocker. Archelous Gaylara wife and four children, Thos. Gaylara, John George wife and two children, G. Lovelock and wife, Joshua Lyes wife and two children, Temperance Andrew, Richard Bickle, Edward B. Carslake wife and two chil dren, Samuel Combe wife and three children, Jane Combe, Mary Clynic, John Davey wife and four children, John Davey and wife, Eliza Davey, Joseph Davey, Ann Davey, John Dixon wife and child, Wm. Dunstan, Eliza Dunstan, George Furno, Eliza Ganley, Matilda Gibbins, John Heath wife and three children, W. Baker, J. Barten, Thomas Hill, wife, and two children, Mary Hill, Samuel Hill, William Hill, Thomas Hill, jun., wife and child, James Jennings and wife, Ann Johns, John Kernick, Isaac Kestle, wife, and two children, Samuel Luke, wife, and four children, Catherine Maddren, John Merser, wife, and two children, Catherine O'Hallorin, John Oates, wife, and two children, Joseph Orchard, wife, and two children, John Richards and wife, William Rowe, wife, and three children, James Snell, wife, and four children, Nicholas Thomas, wife, and four children, Julia Thomas, Priscilla Thomas, Joseph Tickle, wife, and three children, William Tickle, Benjamin Tonkin, wife, and two children, Julia Tonkin, John Treplecock, Edward Tregoning, wife, and three children, Ann Trelower, wife, and child, William Vickery, wife, and four children, John Wakeham, Thomas Watts, wife, and two children, Joseph Yelland, wife, and four children, Mary Cleave, E. Johns, wife, and three children, Ezekial Johns, Mary Prowse, John Turner, Jessie Robinson, Michael Owen, Mary Burley, Mary Orchbald, Grace Harvey, Samuel Rogers, wife, and four children, John O'Neal, Mary Correll. Miscellaneous Shipping. By private letter we learn, not only that the Sym metry was laid on in London for this colony, but that the writer, who had taken a passage in her, expected she would sail on the 10th of October. The barque Hindoo was also laid on in London for this colony, to sail in all October. At the request of Capt. Tregurtha, of the schooner Captain Cook, we insert a correct list of the passengers' names by that vessel from New Zealand, as they were in correctly reported in our paper of the 19th instant. Mr and Mrs Presnell and child, Mrs and Miss Harold, in the cabin; and George Johnson, wife, and child, in the steerage. We the more readily publish this correction, as the omission of Mr Pressnell's name, who is an old and respectable trades man, has given rise to unfounded and injurious reports affectng his credit. The Lightning and the Wave were both at the Swan loading sandal-wood when the Arpenteur left. These vessels started from Adelaide with the intention of trying their sailing qualities. The Wave beat the Lightning, hav ing arrived the day before the latter vessel. They would sail, if possible, the same day for Singapore. We regret to say that Capt. Hay, of the Lightning, had shown strong symptoms of insanity, and it was feared he would not be in a condition to proceed on the voyage. The barque Victoria, which arrived last week from Wellington, is chartered to convey copper ore to Swansea direct from the Port. The brig Punch, which arrived here in ballast from Cape Town, is going to load wheat and flour. She has been chartered by a party at the Cape for that purpose. The Bandicoot, expected here from Swan River, sailed for Singapore just before the Arpenteur left the Swan. Nautical Facts and Occurrences. On the 3d of July last two vessels employed in the whale-fishing in Davis's Straits, one the Bon Accord, of Hull, commanded by Captain Lee, with two fishes on board, and the other the Alfred, of Bonwess, with one fish on board, were lost in 75° north, being crushed between two icebergs. The vessels left Davis's Straits on the first day of July, with fourteen other whalers, which diapersed in different direc tions. The whole of the crews of the wrecked vessels were saved except a Shetlandman of the Bon Accord, who fell from an iceberg. Mr Robert Collinson, managing owner of the Bon Accord, in a letter to his wife at Hull, gives the fol lowing narrative of the loss of the vessel : — It was on the 3d of July that we lost the ship, between three and four o'clock in the morning. It was then blowing a hurricane from the S.W., with constant snow. The hands were called about a quarter of an hour before she was lost. I had just time to get my things upon me, when the two floes came together. I never thought that I had so much strength, for I carried my father like a doll and handed him over the side. I then ran down into the cabin to save his watch, but it was too late ; the deck under my feet and the beams above my head were flying in all directions, and it was with the greatest difficulty that I reached the deck again. I have lost every thing. I never shall forget the sight. The Alfred was about 200 yards ahead of us. She took the nip first, and the ice went right over her. Oh, what a sight ! To see ninety-eight men upon the ice, some of them cursing the hour that gave them birth. I first looked at the wreck, and saw there was no shelter there. Then, with horror, looked to the ice, and oh, what a sight met my eyes ! Tbere was my poor aged parent wringing his hands and tearing the hair of his head, praying to God to take his life. These eyes, I hope, will never see the like again. We were twelve honrs on the ice before we got a seat made for my father, and a fire made. I then went down to the wreck and saved his chest and bed-rug, one cask of pork, one cask of bread, one cask of flour, four casks of ale, and twenty gallons of brandy, which he took to his tent, and got the crow's nest there also, to make a bed cabin for him. We then made a tent for the men and a fire. I got an empty bread-cask and made a tent for myself, but being wet through and cold I could not sleep. I got up and walked on the ice to get warm, being almost perished. I went into the men's tent, and they had a fire that would have roasted a drove of oxen, but there was no chance of getting near it. They were laid one upon another, but at length the fire disappeared through the ice, and when they awoke they were almost frozen. I then travelled over to the Alfred's tents, and there they were a great deal more comfortable, for they had saved their bedclothes and chests all dry. The next day was spent in getting our boats ready for launching over the ice; constant snow, and the wind blowing as hard as ever. We all suffered a great deal from wet and cold this day. The 5th it fell calm, with a very hot sun. We got some clothes dried a little. My father gave me a shirt and a pair of stockings. I went down to the wreck, and my chest was floating upon the water; it not being locked and being bottom up, most of my clothes were gone out ; the men had taken them out, and then turned my chest bottom up, for the things that were underneath were gone, and those that were laid upon the top were saved. At nine o'clock we commenced launching the boats over the ice, and at two o'clock in the morning of the 6th of July we got all the boats in a hole of water. I then lost my eyesight for two days by the reflection of the ice. I suffered a great deal, and I felt that I could have laid down and died, had not the thoughts of my wife and child borne me through all my trials and sufferings. At four o'clock we launched our boat again and proceeded south, my father and other three boats in company. Midnight, very thick weather, with constant snow; lost sight of my father and the three other boats, it then blowing very hard from the southward. I had to bear up and run for smooth water to save our lives. July 7th, noon, more mode rate ; saw three boats to the northward, which proved to be the Alfred's. I then bore them company within ten miles of Duck Island, when it came on thick weather, and I lost sight of them ; blowing very strong from the N.E., with a very nasty sea. Ten o'clock at night, landed on a barren rock very little larger than our boat, and made some tea. Midnight, a little more moderate ; left the rock and landed on a larger island. I found out afterwards that the master of the Alfred was on one side of the island and I on the other. July 8th, heard a gun fired to the south of the island, which proved afterwards to be one of the Alfred's boats in distress, having shipped a sea and filled; she was relieved by one of their own boats, which took her in tow and landed upon one of the small islands. At three o'clock in the morning we once more put to sea, calm and very thick; four o'clock in the afternoon, landed upon an island, worn out with pulling, made some tea, having first broken my chest up to make a fire, and fried some meat in our old utensils; six o'clock, left the island, one boat in sight to the northward ; midnight, a light breeze from tbe N.E., suffered a gooy deal from cold, having to launch our boats over very bad ice, knee-deep in wet snow, and I had nothing but a pair of shoes on, having lost both pairs of boots. July 9, six o'clock in tee morning, landed on an island to make some tea, found five dozen duck eggs on the island ; fried them and made a very hearty meal. There were one of our boats and two boats of the Alfred left the island as I landed. Eight o'clock, another of the Alfred's boats landed ; ten o'clock, left the island in company with the Alfred's boat; noon, could not get any further south for the ice, landed upon an island, and all hands went out egging; two o'clock, the men returned, having got ten dozen eggs ; the ice opened, proceeded south, the two boats in company; four o'clock, landed on an island, and got six dozen eggs. I proceeded south, the Alfred's boat in company. At noon the weather cleared up, and I saw six boats running south, the master of the Alfred having a Dane for a pilot; six o'clock, landed at Uppernavick, worn out with fatigue; ten o'clock, three more of the boats arrived, and we were all treated very kindly. 11th, three boats of the Alfred and one of our boats left for Lively, and three left for Lively the next day; we suffered a great deal from wet and cold that day. July 17th, landed at Lively after a passage of five days, and what we suffered tongue cannot tell; only those that have endured it can form an idea. I arrived here on the 24th, after a very bad pas sage. I am now on board the Danish brig Peru, and shall sail for Denmark on the 20th or August. I am in the cabin and treated very kindly. Robert Wilson is tee only Englishman with me; there are fifteen of our men on board altogether, and seven of the Alfred's ; the rest of ours are at Uppernavick, 300 miles north of this. I am afraid they will not all get home this year; there are 60 men altoge ther, and the captain of the vessel says he can only take 30. NEW QUEEN'S THEATRE.— Re-open for a Short Season. — On Thursday evening, February 3, the entertain ments will commence with a domestic drama, in three acts, entitled WARDOCK KENNILSON, or the Gypsy Mother, and the Profligate of the Village. Wardock Kennilson — Mrs Deering. The Village Profligate— Mr Thompson. Song — Mrs Oliffe To be followed by THE OMNIBUS. Song Mr Howard. To conclude with the laughable farce of MY FELLOW CLERK. Various novelties are in active pre paration. Stage Manager, Mr Deering. 