LOOAL litTBLLIGEWCE. Results ok tiik Union to. Ireland — Ireland ha had her population doubled, ami her shipping and commerce, internal and external, quadrupled, since the union ; by means of this much calumniated union she has obtained parliamentary reform. Roman Catholic emancipation, a national rystetn of education, a legislative provision for the jioo'r, n commutation of tithes, a j reform in her coiporalions, a perfect free- j dom of trade with Great Britain, and many i other important advantage, such as she 1 never could have gained from her local and i dependent legislature. , Tho agriculture oft Ireland has been greatly extended since tho j union, the linen and cotton manufactures ' have been, considerably augmented; the; saving banks, customs, excise, post office j receipt, and stamps hare largely increased, thus indicating the improved condition of! tlie great bulk of tlie people ; tlie value of land has been raised from seventeen to | twenty-seven years purchase ; the taxation ! of Ireland, which was twenty shillings an- dually per head iu 1800, is" now only ten; shillings nnmiajly. Tlie excess of taxation ' in Great Britain compared with Ireland,' sieco- the year 1800, amounts to £325,31 G,S01 sterling. Ireland has fifty representatives in tho im|>erial parliament more than she is entitled to send by licr contributions to tho imperial revenut), by her property and by her foreign commerce. A great deal of time und attention has been paid in the united legislature to the affairs of Ireland. Finally, whatever evils may- exist in Ireland, those evils cannot be ascribed to the legislative union of 1800, which lias been the means of conferring vast anil incalculable benefits on Ireland.— I rt la nd before and after the Union. By B. Aluittaameru Martin. Relief iiv Emigration. — The folio-. ing letter from 'Mr. Jackson, (the A'an l)io men's Land " Delegate,') having reference ' to the fin motion of the Labourers Relief Emigration Society, has been received London, 1 1 th April, 1848. Gentlemen,— On the 12th instant, a meet ing was held at the rooms of the Royal Society of Literature, Charing Cross, for tho purpose of foiiniog a society, to be calico the luvbpurer' Relief Emigration So ciety, at which the Honorable Francis Scott, member for Uoxburg, tircrided. Tlie ob ject of the society is to promote a more ex tensive emigration of the working cissies, than has hitherto l-cen effected, to the Aus tralian' colonies | and this chiefly by in- "ducing the parishes to contribute towards the expenses of the deportation of Immi grants. I fot warded to you a prospectus of the aociety, and an account of the proceed ings you will find in the Daily A'eict of the 13th 'instant.' There ia no doubt a _ rtry general impression that emigration the readiest and most economical mean of re lieving the great eocial.evils under which the mother country is suffering ; but the excitement produced at the present Moment by tho occurrences, literally, of the hour, may, for the present, prevent the subject receiving that universal attention which its. importance demands. I hate good hopes, however, that the projected society will be successfully matured, and its' operations ex tended over a wide field of .usefulness. A committee was formed, of wbleli 1 had th honour to he proposed a member. A ou will readily understand Hint emigration, to what ever part of the Australian colonics con ducted, is conductive to the welfare of n!| the surrounding settlements. Though of course more immediately beneficial to tho particular colony to which it is directed, yet it is impossible for any colony to conliiiuo for any long period less abundantly supplied with labour than its neighbour. J'rgct icnllv, a tlie colonists have unfortunately ex perienced in the loss of so many of their best free labourer, the l'orl l'liillip District is nearer to A'nn Diemcn's Land for this ad justing process than the older districts of 'New South AVnlcs itself ; and therefore, though emigration may not be directly con ducted to A'nn Diemcn's Land from Eng land, it will inevitably participate in the ad vantages of any large stream of it- to, tho Australian continent. I am led to this course of remark from the circumstances of A'nn Diemen's Land being at the present time less likely to afford colonial fund for tlie purpose of emigration than tho other settlements ; hut you mny tost nssured the claim of Van Diemcn's Land to anv share of national assistance in the promotion of Australian emigration will lie kept con stantly in mind by me, and upon all fitting occasions earnestly enforced. — I am, gen tlemen, very faithfully yours, J. A. Jackson. Richard Dry, Eq., Henry Dowiing, Esq., A'an Diemcn's Land. Tut: " Burra" Hunt.— Our spirited Biirrarians, determined not to behind tho sportsmen of the South, have got up a club railed " The Burra Hunting Club," com- pnsrd chiefly of tradesmen and shopmen;- Agreeable lo'thc liurra custom, a number of these ardent Nimrods, more brave, thnn prudent, started from the township with the hounds on the morning of tho Sabbath ins'., (30th July), under a drenching lain, which kept up the whole of the day. After a few fruitless rum (the game taking to tho t ci nh,) they returned in n sod plight, and trophilrss ;some complaining o! sore heads, others of zore hone, from fall which they had ; while one unfortunate bewailed the lo of hi hunter, the rider having found it expedient to cling to the hough of a tree with which he came in contact ; there- hv leaving hi sprightly prnneer to go on his wav, .rejoicing in the fuhics of liberty, le» tbe cumhranco of saddle and bridle. The lucky animal lias not vet been repot- scssed. They boast that if they caught none, they frightened a good many. — South A nstralian Iteyisier, ( Good News. — In the absence of busi ness in share, which i« seldom n feature of dividend day, we avail ourselves of ihe present space to mention the circumstance of the formation, at Hamburgh, of an cn- Icipriring smelling company, having nti establishment nn the bank of tho Elbe, and employing a capital of upwards of £100,030, ami t>ovesing six frigate-built vessel employed in the importation of fo reign ore. Of thrse, two were recently destined for thi colony, ono of which, the .l'fee t, i duly announced a " expected hut which we suvpeet, with, lier partner, may have been detained by the Danish blockade of the Elbe. Tho importance of this feature, n respect the cstning inte rests of this colony, will he readily nppre- clatcd bv. our reader, most of whom will join us !n cunsideriug :»« a consummation devoutly to he witheiL tho suspension or present so seriouth fetter die commetce of Britain oml her colonies. At the present time, vessel passing into the Pacific for ore, the produce of Chiii and the Western parts of South America, have to double the Horn in quest of cargo " to fiii up,' along the coat! of Brazil. AViih our commerce unshackled, and ax free lo the world as its wide spread water themselves, it cannot lie doubted that numbers of vessels trading to other region would find their way hither, swelling the lido of our immigra tion, supporting the market for our ores, and in a diversity of way, easily to be conceived. by our reader, giving a renewed impetus to the pros;icrity of our adopted country. — Adelaide Olureer. A BRUTE. — A man named Sullivan, living in Liuie Bourke-strect, was brought before the Bench on Thursday, charged with sTolently assaulting his wife; the poor woman whose face waa dreadfully swelled, and covered with bruises, staled that some I time since, she lir.il Ix-en obliged lo apply for protection to the Bench i on that occa- sion she had agreed to a separate niainte- I nunee, but had never received the amount j promised. On the day the assault oceur- ; red, she had been to hit house to see her ' little child, whom she had left with him.. ! Mr. Montgomery appeared for the dofen- j dant, and said that lie knew nothing what- I ever of-the nature of tho assault until he I eamc into Court ; that when he taw the ) effects of violence on the woman, he felt ; bound to state that he wax taken a-tiaek, and that nothing could bo said in justifi cation. All he had to say was, that the woman an man were both Irish, and he did not think that io much notice : should bo taken of their falling out, a it wet well known that they frequently fought for love ; the man ws well known to have a violent temper, and if hi wife, knowing him to be a tiger, went in the way, the must expect his claws. Mr. Stephen, who I appeared for tho woman, then begged of I the magistrate to clip tho tiger's claws, to prevent hi clawing again for omo tiir.s. Tlie assault, wns the worst wo have seen brought hefore the nsagictrates for soma limn the roau wax £4, and 20. costs, which were paid. » IMEOUNDINO Act,— Mr. George Robin son appeared to enswer the complaint of Mr, It. C. AValkcr, for rescuing rattle when in cnsiodv on the road to the South Yarra Found. From the statement made by Mr. AValker, it appeared that himself and a Mr. Forest were driving seventy head of cattle on the road over the defendant' run, when defendant came up with another man, and claimed forty-five head, and took them away. Mr. Walker also said his station joined the defendant's, that there was a boundary line between them which had never been disputed j the eattlr, when first taken were on Mr. AA'alker's side of tho boundary line mops than half a mile, and that it wasT.efcixaty to proceed over the defendant's run in taking them to the Pound. Mr. Stephen appeared for- the defendant, and contended that it could not be deemed a violent rescue, as the cattle were on their own run, and that had his client Been applied lo for compensation it would have been paid ; be was sure no man would quietly see his cattle driven over his own run to a Found at ten miles (listener. The Maistratoa fined the defendant forty shillings, being the amount of costs Mr. AValker had been put to. Smelting Operations -TxTTI lately seen three samples oi rm„ :hsB different singes of ore, rcgulu Hie ore contains twelve tier er-m 1 "9 The rcgiilua is Hie substance conVni"9 n large proportion of ,nclsl tho first process. By tlie rerali ' !!!F ninety-five percent, i, Ihc specimens wc nilmlc to are ing premises iccentiv con-inu'r'i forestjo tho north of .Kamnunux, \pl .about five nnlcs from Mount HJti.t, ,fl proprietor is n Mr. Thorns-, wl,0 ' -i 'fl knows his business tliotnu-fifiy n B blisbmcnt of thi sinritiuuo. j, : importance to tlie »n.MRhhourinc by it their power ores, which' wJuF ' . bring sufficient in England to ray ib " of transport, arc rendered Thomas charges £1 10. per inn n'7- ' I smelting. Take, therefore, for twelve per cent, ore ; the c.\i ;n.P verting it into copper wouid I c ton or pure metal. The metal bei' »r-« £90 per ton, deducting tin- ei,); nH" remains n clear profit of r.W; £7 ' ' or ore. -AVo hear that Mr. Thoax uB the rough log from the forest. .;fl timber is so abundant that no r-,.;, he felt regarding a simply of fuel. \\\ViB also, on enquiry, that life elmrgc for ,-.B ing" ix ample, arid that there is greater - \- liability of its being lowered iha„ Thus, at Inst, has the practicability 0f <-l fitably converting our ore into mclzluB demonstrated. In another year we fiB in all probability load vessels with cc-B for the market of India and China, ',B commission return cargoes of tea, ',!B and other Eastern produce. It 'u"B known that the inhabitants of there cixB trie tlie copper vessels and utcmiis :l household purposes almost txelusisdl and therefore our lest markets will U'B matclv be in tho cast. This is one icail why tlie recent had news from KngilJ lias so slightly affected the price ofnB mining shares,— South Australian, I Royalty I m tost, — As we are not qj Ratified, despite Mr. Dcox Thomson's aul nn ce to the contrary .that the "BoyiltY ! |K>t" tuay not in tho event of mincrl dfl coveries in this District, be attempted to fl foisted on the Colonists, any particular! 1 tho resistance tt such n lax, should U il tcrcsting to our reader. Tho foilowicjl the petition forwarded by ottr South Ail Indian neighbour, to th'e Throne, pmil Her Majesty pot lo sanction any mcifJ having for its object ,th« legahinical " Itovalitiox'&c.; I Thai in the Fifth and Sixth yean in tfl reign of your moil Gracioui Majesty, v;fl .assent was given to an Act of the IopaB Fnrliainent, (cap. 30) for . establishing B uniform mode for the disptwal of the AViB Lands of tho Australian provinces. B That hv the raid Act it t dee'ered ttfl these AVaxlc Lands shell bo sold acccnikfl to its provision, and not otherufrr. B That there is by the said Act ctcrptB from sale, and either reserved to your MB jesty or to bo disposed of in such raaatB ox for tha public inter rats shall seem t<B such lands as may be required for grseti fl naval and military settler, for public r»fl or communications, or for tha u»o or Ixzfl fit of the ahorigiunt inhabitants, or fir tfl pur;>o»t<s of military definee, or as sitci ffl places of public worship, schools, cr ciifl public buildings, places for recrtatjsa fl amusement ..sites of public quay cr UzJ.fl wA»r««»y"krtWr'j»uriw 5f jWt safety, convenience, health, or cajosmrafl hut that there are, 110 other rewrraUcfl whatever. And it ii enacted, with nwxfl to the land generally, that thejaiBc shsfl at least once in every three months, l» cfl fered for sale' by public auction, in nfl portion as the Governor of the juarizfl for the time being shall see Cl I Tim it L also directed by the »:ifi Al that the conveyance to tho purchsscrsefifl lands sold shall be made In such fotia t-fl with such solemnities as shall he prwcrAJ by your Majesty ; and being to made, rifl be valid and nectusl in the law to trassfl to and vest In such purchaser nur isfl lands. , . ,1 That the only authority under Inch ufl watte lands of the Crown within t-l colony are sold, is the Act of the Imper.B Fsrliament herein referred to. 1 That previously to the Fourth d» 1 March, 1810, upwards of hour HuiwrtJ Thousand acres of the waste land <1 this province had been purchased by Uj colonists, and conveyances thereof in .| simple in the terms sanctiom-d by ycJ Majesty in" Council, made to them in | legal and. uniform .. manner, without a:| rescivauon of any sort or description «iix| \- That since the dale hut mentioned. I| Excellency the Lieutenant-Ooreroor 0. ttj province lias contrary to tlie powers ml'l in Ulm by the said Act. reserved a tax J One-Fifteenth portion of all minerals rani from lands sola. ' _ ,1 That the said Lieutenant-Governor t| also altered the form of conrevaace tinned by your Majesty, and lias u«J form not so sanctioned, whereby all L»| Grants issued by him are (as your 11 lionet are advised) to the extent 01 '-1 alterations, iliegid and void. I That the conduct of his I-.xccJeney I Lieutenant-Governor, in these acts. » 1 authorised by the said Act, and opposed to it provisions, and is m tion of the uniform syatcm it was tnt«-l to establish and "maintain. .1 That a lax of one clear fifteenth porui of minerals raised is jiot only , 7,-J being nowhere authorised by tw » i Lends Act, hut Is unfair and par''; lEl much as il cannot he levied on all ratoe- raised in the colony. . . . ,| That the lax proposed would abnre J entire profit of many of the mmM. j would prove destructive of tliat euffi. j enterprise which have hitherto w 4 cessfully developed the resource of '-f I viuce. . , .. r J Tliat tho consent of the Legu'invc 1 4 eil of the province has been icl ;'--u l > said lax 1 but that, notwithstanding M refusal, II is Excellency the ljcutcua-r-- ' 1 vernor has persisted in the attempt U1 the same. " . J That such proceedings take. '» . ' Majesty's name are subverrire "i respect and loyalty with which F1-' A jesty hat ever been regard,.! by uixts. . That thoy are nu infraction tight of property secured l:y : -j would, if pitK-rvcd iu. c.-v-'Av a:i im partial, and npptrsiivi' impost. . That notwithstanding it your Majesty'. pleasure t" y.rsf 1 y thorily vested in your M»i< for the better Gotertiitu nt of t by constituting an Eitc'.ive colonist have never railed, lor m1! > , toprovide amply and liberal.) fir of their Government, and will continue to do so, hoping that your Jill tec cause, at on early period, 1 ,j,cm tho constitutionnl rights t 'h'" lnx' therefore, any disinclination orin- :4,'",u-,piv tnrnns for nil purposes of ..r-! or'l'.miyration.nor because it is «"ti to by themselves or by your le'ndativo Council— but bccauso r1' ,co5;srv nnd impolitic ; that it ',Z unproiLictivc in iu result nnd 'Z in its collection ; that it would' dVi- icticns in tho holding and of land ; that it could never bo1 >eUt than an uncqtinl or pnrUnl end v|:3| tax, inasmuch fts t!;u pro- C'oincs'«lrrsd.v sold without rescr- -' ,,1 ,;,nlir mill for over frco from it ; it ca:i!-l' c'v in its effect absorb tqt rf profits of tlie poorer mines in the os- invunovVRSsnw.— Francis Jnniittcl from thts bench on", tho j'tc-Ht last, for n robbery on . board Pc.tvl." and acquitted nt tho criminal cian Thursday, was again brought Lvc magistrates yesterday morning. Adiiev staled, ihnt : nftot the pri- "hj l-cen "committed, ho wont to Mr tire Black Horse, . Ehmheth- j'ixJ exsmined n quantity of wearing y Jhirh Mr Sheedy stn'led had liecit |,v Moore, amongst other articles jo'l the coat produced in court, which r".iv. proved to hnvo been stolen 3 Jlr Thomas1 Boss, master -of tho " Lit y tatter. Tlie magistrates , remanded ,.0-rr rjr 1U0 nf.cndanco of Mr Ross Sir.riay. - i-rir.m.T Ass.vrt.T.— A newly arrived -u-.m tho employment of Mr Burke, I'thirgi l with assaulting n child of ",r, r.( age, -son of Arthur i'ihst, Inquire, Physician of Ciueen- tr knocking him. down nnd tim-ii kicking him. Tlie child, witli pi other b ays', tiail Been playing ad- £< the premise "here the ucfciidant is mt, sera one of them threw n stono illrurd. Matter Fletcher, . an intilli- ;Wth, slated, that it was not Master (aiur, that threw lite atone, when the ls=o out and knocked liinri down nnd hi km. l)r O'.Mttllanc deposed as to p:-;:mr.cc of the chilil, when he rc- sii-amc. a bring exhnusletl from the i" of the afsek. The magistrates fined i.-fc lt-nt ten shillings and costs, wh ieh i "pul, a Jine r, d'euloutly disprop'-r - the brutality oj the . cowardly n. ihi Ketch, better known as Joint f, tic 'finisher of the law, was t It fore their Worships yesterday, :-ri nhh having in hix ncrambulattons cv-i ia at the Traveller llct "nt New «r.»ail tlrere, from tho effect of pota- a iseag. become so jully and kindly dls- rito'irii all her Maiesly'a Icigo tub- X it to offer any or nil of x Hi profrs- tonal assistance nt any jtstfie »iiortc«l notice", which not hciog -uf, "r,c msdp his way towards the stono l n! thero hecams altogether uti- irntiir. Mr Wlntlo stated that tho i tl'b'igii a prisoner, . received pay | sue government, and when ho did gel! tVcs to leave the gaol, he was sure j pL-s-.k, and his cocduet on these oe- ; £3 nt violent nnd abusive. John, in ! Kl.tUtt.l I.'tBt tie mcnlj , „»»« -!' «» i c: '.he morning air," wheii being re- j si t'-.e " prison hnuxe," his feel- 1 i io exeitcd, that one glass j KA him— !tv ..prayed the mngis- j n :j U\\-.- compasiioit ott him, nnd to j n-i;r;:.c rvices he had rendered the -c.-n; i.u;i;ig a period of fortj'-two ! t-.ro manv things," said ho, j I bre done while holding oiHce, ' t'-.e li vt aaioiic the vrholo lot of ol'.i.-rrv wouldn't dare attain pl.1 cjn:iheil, and sentenced i ;:i itne a period of fourteen dav« In ' ' ;ri » .-i !i mo-" on iho genuine, but not ' "v.i'-.i oU i of hrrail and water only. 1 u!-:ir;!i (Pir n Mink.-— Jlri Joseph i i'i sri'K— '! perceive in your yes-' '--)! a : r.' r a paragraph headetl lie- j i!-.'fihi»crie«.' You nisv well say, ' ,u.(> r.n:cul rated one straw , u tit liwrioomt-irt of the RaturnL rc- ' n<t the tvlnny, they would offer; (- ! ' di-i'.-ivcry of mincrab," &v.; ft, an ulf.-r i< made to show the '--at a g ild u-.iiie of some extent ye., r i notice <)f it. For initattee, rstr, «U'«t ,rrving their prttbatleii it vj' ; ; .'ire. dii.'avi'ted n long ridge. (w> ' - cf men an old miner), cx- bri-ke a ptrcti off, and found it r ,i ' ' be superintendent, a Cap- ;t-'».. heard that the matt in question :,i ««t'f etc, sent fur hint, and ex- : i'. ;.r-j'io-:ncrd tl gold ore (so says rt 't. «,k-l him where he fnomi it, hut li.iri.ip. too wule-nwako for his ttaull- tuM him that he found tt'on.the ' i:h. Tiii, tniitir, sir, is now in a '-'.itlan, and 1 should say, not willing a i tape hv giving tho Govcrtt- iilormaimn. Bo certain is he \- " .''uivr, Us rich quality, end elsoj \- ti-ry ci'.i-niive, that he has offered 'f -a to the Governor through tho Co- j \- :ti to name its locality, trust- j fi "tvrtior's generotity, out ha ' '—i time rcccivetl no answer, oi- j knowledge it has been sentj '« months. Now. r, suppose ! J ! r r-.an i, wrong, deceived "I mtatt, the Governor to sec into It. 1 d'd st vnur opinion U tho same as ' !; t'1- e ight immediately, parttcu- '"> t'r.c c-qien wont gold.— Zauueeston J L.ttvg. — Among the ccm- f J- which more Immediately «,< muit not omit in mention wigstien laws are to be ahro- ''-at henceforth ships sailing C;«»K4of Hatnlmrgh, llreuten, or v s'i povfrt vm oo Bute io low "S Australian minerals, wool, or f T.'f-'.uctions, Instructions are to bo 't the governor of the several >utl, arising tlient. to make their fir tl.c rvvulation sif tbe r coast - fr- ni whi.h foteign tioltnms will " nciuded. — South Australian — Mr i 1'. Smith, solicitor ilav morning tj the sitting t'l hr.vn the r.fitiissits of Joseph \- v> o v, a , at quitted aj the criminal " ."' ""-day ori a charge of threat- J- ' Wilson, filed against 'y '-'rnt-,.1 i.;an r.ame-1 l'eitlieott ; ''f'h.u t're k, witnet-tvi in that , "rv-.if.it and corrupt perjury. The . ' .i v.ir ukcri and warrants grati ted I- i.r »; ;-r,!.ension. South Austimman n IS no doubt that this colony -rl I become a large field of emigm7 h,T ' cmlly as the British Govornmm fe? l to make it n nnitonol qtteslion. Bcsii'ieJ the .Su1'"1'1 nd,,lt '"''ourcra frotl ronsh'b., > l "Ves' ,ve s,m|l now Imvo a both sexes 1%' ,f orTha" children, of botli from Ireland j nnd n boilv of rn'|wny labourers nnd their families. Harnleo T 1 rnnCC' W,U " <» H'O ncitti bmirinv"' 10e- cm,«ra,ioM f""» the n ,r?gt-C.,omc' .towards this, suffer any marked dttnmutton. Some detention ®currc<! with iho' Richardson, ntStvau- .cMn ccnscquence of her requiring re pair. It now nppoars, that sho will get nwny by the 1st June at latest. This is the vewel expected here by "our l'atent Copper Company, with their firat expedition oT matennl, men,- and stair. The engage- "w.inn i'o pnrl1y ' completed, -nnd the \- selection, having been made with tho ul- pwJJ0' 1 , 8'vcrn Bren' eatisfection to j thoJt copeerncd. . Including somen and chridmi, the party will number not fewer than ,0 souls. A surgeon has ' been en gaged to accompany them. . .Supplies of coal to a considerable extent have also been provided to nrrivo irrndualK- n« tlsnv Mnu 1 be required. — Register. mi 'DiiKV, ®S,,T,, S RkCOSIMKND.VTION. — Tjio Tablet (Roman . Catholic) asscits that ministers, have yielded to Mr Shift's representations of " the ncccssitv of pen sioning tho ltomqn Catholic priesthood," i ®utl that some such measure is in prepar ation. 