«îolomal News. PORT PHILLIP. We have received Port Phillip papers to the 27th October. On the 24th October the barque Lochnagar, from London 8th July, arrived at Melbourne, bringing English news to the 7th July, from v. Inch we have made extracts elsewhere. One of the new members, Dr. Palmer, has announced his intention of resigning, as soon as he can find a suitable person willing to become a candidate. A second, Dr. Dickson, has declined the proffered assistance of £200 towards the expenses of his coming to Sydney to attend the Council. A second meeting relative to forming a new Insurance Company had been held in Melbourne, we hear the report of the committee was adopted, recommending that the capital of the company should be £100,000, in 4000 shares of £25 each ; the liability of each shareholder to be limited to the amount of his shares. GERMAN IMMIGRATION Mr. Westgarth, in a letter to the Correspondence Committee, says that German immigration has been interfered with by the levying of militia, which reduced his party to one-half, and afterwards by the Danish blockade of Hamburgh and Bremen. It was, however, intended to take the emigrants in English steamers to Hull or London, and embark them there for this port in a German vessel. Herald. THE WHITE WOMAN The sensation created some couple of years ago by the report that a v. bite female was detained by a tribe of about? games in the Gipps Land district, which so played upon the better feelings of the community, that a handsome sum was raised for the purpose of fitting out an expedition of knight grants to release the distressed damsel, which however proved unsuccessful, is likely, to be resumed, a stockkeeper having within the last few days arrived in Melbourne, who states that he distinctly saw the white woman but a few days back, with a tribe of Western Port blacks, and that she was surrounded by several pieces names of a dusky hue, some of whom could not be less than seven or eight years of age. Should the report be true, but we confess we are disposed to believe that its author must have been mistaken, we fear we must>arrive at the conclusion that the uitfortunateiwomart is doomed to end her days amongst her. sable, admirers Gazette. THE COTTON COLONY. We learn by private advices from England that, notwithstanding the great depression of the times, the Rev. Dr. Lang had managed to overcome every difficulty in the way of making a commencement in the establishment of a cotton-growing colony in Cooksland, or Northern Australia, and the first vessel was to sail shortly after the date of the last advices. Argus. THE CROPS. Agriculture for some miles round Melbourne is reported to be in good condition, and very luxuriant crops are expected. The late rains will render them too heavy. Hay will be particularly so in fact, to an extent hitherto unparalleled Herald. BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION. The action of St. John v. Fawkner is set down for trial on the 8th proximo. Daily News, Oct. 26. THE SETTLED DISTRICTS. The whole of the publicans within the Settled Districts have received notice to quit on the 30th December next, as their licenses will not be renewed. The proprietors of the boiling-down and melt- ing establishments have all received notice that their licenses will not be renewed. This looks like business, and would almost force us to the conclusion that the government intend to carry out the regulations of 29th March, so much objected to by the squatters within the Settled Districts. Gazette. DARING ROBBERY-On the night of Tuesday last the house of Mr. David Young, grocer, Collins-street, was entered, and £27 stolen from a bedroom, in which the money had been placed for safety. It appears that Mr. Young resides with his family at Collingwood, merely stepping into town for business during the day, with which fact the robbers were well acquainted, and laid their plans accordingly. Mr. Young's son, a lad about sixteen years of age, sleeps on the premises and after closing the shop at nine o'clock on the night. in question, went into his bed-room, laying the cash receipts of the day, amounting to £27, which was contained in' a small canvas bag, upon a dressing table'; while untying his neckerchief the door of the room was forced open and two men entered, one of whom knocked down and gagged the young lad, while the other seized and made off with the cash, closely followed by his accomplice. From the expedition with which the robbery was committed, and the accuracy with which the proper time was hit upon, it is supposed the robbers had entered the house during the evening, and secreted themselves till an opportunity presented of carrying out their nefarious project. The boy's mouth was seriously injured by the brutality of the ruffian who gagged him and from the state of alarm in which he was placed by the suddenness of the attack on him, he will find a difficulty in identifying the men if apprehended. -Argus, Oct. 27. THE PRESS. This day a considerable change took place in the Argus office establishment. The editorship of the paper, and the paper itself, had but just passed into the hands of a Mr. Wilson (author of the letters signed "Iota"), Messrs. J. Rankin and J. S. Johnstone becom- ing securities, when the types and presses were seized by the sheriff, under a writ of fish. to satisfy the late verdict and costs in the libel action of Moor v. Kerr.- Herald, Oct. 26. VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. We have received Hobart Town papers to the 27th October. WHALING Our whalers have this year been eminently successful. The amount of oil exported this year will probably exceed seventy thousand pounds. In this valuable branch of enterprise it is probable that we shall not find a depreciated market for years. The other great field of production, the northern fishery, is now nearly abandoned.-Advertiser. RICHMOND PLOUGHING MATCH -This event, which has been looked forward to with much expectation, came off on Thursday last, on a piece of ground belonging to Mr. Cassidy, near the township. The day was beautifully fine, and there was a great number of people assemblecktpA'itness it. There were forty-two ploughs entered, and it took some considerable time to get the men together to draw lots for their respective stations. The English plough- men mustered 21 ploughs, and the natives 19. -H. T. Advertiser, Oct. 24. THE CROPS AND WEATHER.-The crops all over the country continue to improve, and give 'an earnest of a most abundant harvest. in a few weeks, should the present favourable weather continue, hay harvest will be in full operation The' present has been the most seasonable weather for the agriculturist which we remember for many years. The alternation of fine weather with occasional showers has brought on both the late and the early crops, while the feed all through the bush is beginning to put on the most luxuriant appearance. T. Advertiser, October 27. IRON ORE. We have seen some rich specimens of this are found in the channel. It has been stated to contain from 40 to 50 percent, of metal, and the finder imagined that it could be made a profitable manufacture in this colony. But on this point we are sceptical. The expense of smelting is immense, and the profit on each pound so infinitely small that it would require an immense consumption to produce it at a profit-a consumption far beyond What we could expect. Besides, to obtain from it a profit, there must be that collocation of ore, lime, and coal, which generally exists in the extensive fields of England, and gives her the superiority in cheapness of production over any other country in the world Advertiser. STOCK SALES On Saturday last Mr. D. Taylor sold, at the Slaughter House, 46 head of cattle, and 262 sheep, ex Miranda. The cattle averaged £5 4s. per head, and the sheep 10s. 6d. each. On Monday he also sold 32 head of cattle, and 300 sheep, ex Dew Drop. The cattle were sold at £5 7s. 6d. to £6 2s. 6d. per head, and the sheep at 14s. 9d. to 15s. each Advertiser, Oct. 24. 