Domestic intelligence. Our Representative. —- Dr. Palmer who was recently elected one of the representa- tives of the District, has intimated his intention of resigning his trust—the honour, he says, hav- ing been thrust upon him wholly without his knowledge, and without his being able to avail himself of it. Literary Honours.—The University of Oxford has bestowed the honorary degree of D.C.L. on Sir George Arthur, late Governor of Van Diemen's Land. Robbery —On the night of Tuesday last the house of a shoemaker residing in Little Collins-street near the Friend-in-Hand, was en- tered by some person evidently acquainted with the premises, and several pairs of boots were stolen. But for a row which occurred in front of the house, which it is supposed caused the robbers to suspend operations, a much greater loss would have been sustained. Accident.—On Tuesday last an inter- esting little boy, named James O'Neil, was nearly killed on the Eastern Hill, through the negligence of a man driving a bullock dray. The boy had been playing with other children at the side of the road, and before he was conscious of his situ- ation the foremost bullock knocked him down ; from the effects of the blow he was unable to extricate himself before the dray came up, the wheel of which passed along the side of the face, fortunately with no other injury than a slight laceration of his cheek. This is not the first ac- cident occasioned by the negligence of bullock drivers, whose conduct deserves the greatest cen- sure, and ought to be visited with heavy pun- ishment. The Robbery at Newtown. — The man Shaw, supposed to be implicated in the rob- bery of Mrs M'Can's house at Newtown, was again brought up before the police bench on Tuesday morning and discharged, as there was no evidence to connect him with the above offence. Night Soil.—On Tuesday last a Mr. Fitzsimons was fined £5 at the police office for throwing night soil on a public thoroughfare of the City, on the night of the 23d October. It was represented that defendant, though possessed of a yearly income of £400, had refused to give £2 to a poor man who lives by the performance of such work, showing that in this instance at least he had been " a penny wise and a pound foolish." Daring Robbery.—On the night of Tuesday last the house of Mr David Young, grocer, Collins-street, was entered and £27 stolen from a bedroom, in which the money had been placed for safety. It appears that Mr Young re- sides with his family at Collingwood, merely stepping into town for business during the day, with which fact the robbers were well acquainted and laid their plans accordingly. Mr Young's son, a lad about 16 years of age, sleeps on the premises; and after closing the shop at nine o'clock on the night in question, went into his bedroom, laying the cash receipts of the day, amounting to £27, which was contained in a small canvas bag, upon a dressing table; while untying his neckerchief the door of the room was forced open and two men entered, one of whom knocked down and gagged the young lad, while the other seized and made off with the cash, closely followed by his accomplice. From the ex- pedition with which the robbery was committed, and the accuracy with which the proper time was hit upon, it is supposed the robbers had entered the house during the evening and secreted them selves till an opportunity presented of carrying out their nefarious project. The boy's mouth was seriously injured by the brutality of the ruf- fian who gagged him, and from the state of alarm in which he was placed by the suddeness of the attack on him, he will find a difficulty in identi- fying the men if apprehended. Summary Ejectment.—On Wednesday morning Mr P. Davis, auctioneer, applied to the Police Bench, for a warrant under Brewster's Act, for the summary ejectment of a man named Horrigan, who held possession of a house off Collins- street, belonging to Mr B. Hurst, for whom Mr Davis was agent. Mr J. Stephen, for the defendant, objected to the notice to quit which was not drawn up in accordance with the Act, and did not state whether Mr Hurst was owner or agent for the owner. The Bench held the objection to be fatal. Mr Davis said he was under the impression that the object in passing the Act was to simplify the law between landlord and tenants, and doing away with technical ob- jections. The Bench said such was the case and that applicants had only to follow the forms laid down in the Act, a neglect of which was their own fault and not that of Mr Brewster. Immigration.—There is no pleasing some of our Geelong friends: they were angry with us for mentioning the fact that the experi- ment of sending immigrant ships to Geelong had been abandoned, and yet they are, as it were, in the same breath, petitioning for its removal. The truth is, and there is no denying it, that in the case of the Berkshire, the experiment did not suc- ceed. The immigrants did not meet so readily with engagements as they do in Hobson's Bay, and the cost and inconvenience, both to the Government and to individuals were greatly aug- mented. ANOTHER DARING OUTRAGE.—Two men named Ledger and Thornlow were charged at the Police Office yesterday, with having entered the shop of Mrs Fossey, residing at the eastern end of Bourke-street, with the intention of robbing her. It appeared from the evidence of Mrs Fossey and Mr James Barwick, her landlord, that on Sunday night last, about 9 o'clock, two men si- milarly dressed with the prisoners, came into the shop and asked to be supplied with a loaf of bread, and while Mrs Fossey was engaged in reaching down a loaf from the shelf, one of the men placed his hand closely upon her mouth, and almost suffocated her; the attention of Mr Bar- wick, who was in the adjoining room, was excited by hearing a suppressed scream, and on going to ascertain the cause, he found the man lifting his hand from Mrs Fossey's mouth; upon demanding an explanation the fellow replied he was doing nothing, and on being told to decamp gladly availed himself of the offer. Neither witness could positively identify the men, although they were rather certain of their guilt. Detective Ashley said he apprehended the prisoners on sus- picion of being tbe parties who committed the above outrage, from a description which he had received from Mrs Fossey, and knowing them to be bad characters, Thornlow being the keeper of a brothel, and Ledger having recently come out of gaol, where he had been undergoing punishment for robbery. The prisoners said they were not in Melbourne on Sunday night, as they slept at Mount Cotterill, 17 miles distant, where they were engaged by Mr Staughton as shearers, and handed in a form of agreement written by Mr Staughton, and dated on Monday last. The Mayor said he was certain the writing was that of Mr Staughton. After some consultatation the bench discharged the prisoners. Ledger stated that this was one of the many cases got up by Ashley and Leek to further their own views; he had already suffered unjustly, and probably if he he had not the agreement from Mr Staughton he would have received another incarceration ; he was anxious to reform his conduct, and for that purpose had sought employment in the bush, but it was not the interest of Ashley to allow him. His Worship the Mayor said Ledger was entitled to praise for his endeavours to procure work in the interior, where there was no temptation to commit such crimes. A Visit of Spoonbills.—It is now many years we believe, since any of the settle- ments on the sea coast of this province, received a visit from that curious bird, the Spoonbill, but on Friday last, a bushman by the name of Sprotle, shot a specimen in the neighbourhood of Barwon Lakes, from amongst a flock of the same birds that were busily employed in a search after frogs, on a piece of marshy ground at the time when our informant ' stole a march' upon them. In the year 1839, which was remarkable for an extraor- dinary wet summer, great numbers of spoonbills congregated on the marshes south of the Yarra, at Melbourne, where they remained many months ; these were all of the grey species, but the one we refer to above, appears to be a young bird of the roseate kind, as many of its under feathers, beneath the wings and on the breast and neck, are tipped and fringed with that delicate tint. Query—is the re-appearance of the Spoonbill to be considered the precursor of another rainy summer?—Geelong Advertiser. Dinner to F. Bryant, Esq.—On Monday last, forty-two of the principal citizens of Hobart Town, gave Mr. Bryant a dinner at the Union Club Hotel, previous to his departure for Port Phillip. This compliment was intended as well as a mark of personal respect, as an acknowledgment of the benefits he had conferred on the colony by the extensive importations of valuable stock from time to time made by him or his brother, to whom we are principally indebted for much, perhaps most of the importations in that respect during the last twenty years. Like most importers this has been more fortunate for the colony than for himself, though we trust that in the sister colony he will be successful in re- trieving the heavy losses which be suffered here. The chair was taken by R. Dry, Esq , M.L C. The vice-chair by George Kemp, Esq. The dinner and wines were excellent, and everything went off with the utmost cordiality. Mr Bryant was deeply affected when responding to the good wishes of those assembled, and bidding adieu to the many and old friends who were collected around him, most probably for the last time. He will take their good will and good wishes wherever he goes.—H. T. Advertiser. Notice to Quit.—The Commis- sioner of Crown Lands lfr the County of Bourke has issued notices to quit to the proprietors of the burning-down establishments on the banks of the Yarra, and also to the brickmakers on the south side of the Melbourne Swamp. The latter are to remove on the 1st January, and it was at first intended that the former would have to move at the same time, but his Honor the Super- intendent has consented to extend the period to the 1st July to allow of sufficient time for the removal. Episcopal.—The appointment of the Rev. Dr. Macartney as Archdeacon of Geelong has at length been made. The venerable gentle- man proceeds immediately to take up his resi- dence within his Archdeaconry. North Australia.—In the sum- mary of a weekly newspaper we observe the fol- lowing paragraph:—"The expenses incurred for the settlement of North Australia, as far as the same can be ascertained from the accounts at present in the Audit Office, viz . from Decem- ber 1, 1846 to December 1, 1847, amount to £15,402." Since then claims for compensation for loss of oflice, and other expenses, have been defiryed, so that the cost of that little experi- ment will be very little, if anything, under £20,000.—S. M. Herald. Breach of Agreement.—On Tues- day last Mr. David Bowman, Squatter, appeared at the Police-office to answer the complaint of Alexander M'lntosh, by whom he was charged with breach of agreemenit. It appeared some misunderstanding had arisen between the parties relative to some sheep which complainant was tending, and in the course of an altercation Mr. Bowman said " you are no use to me, and can go and do as you like," which M'lntosh construed into a dismissal, and at once started for Mel- bourne where he procured a summons, for the purpose of procuring bis discharge and wages. The case was dismissed. Wages.—A novel claim for wages was made at the Police office on Tuesday, by an old man named Wood, against Mr. Buglass, cutler, Collins-street. He claimed 12s. for three days work, but in answer to Buglass admitted that the only labour he had to perform was to stand in the shop while his employer was out for two hours each day ; it was immaterial he said whether he worked or played if Mr Buglass kept him on his premises. Defendant said he considered the charge excessive, and that was the reason he would not pay the claim ; some of the labouring men at Princes Bridge received no more than that, who were at work from morning till night. Wood said he could always earn 5s. between 10 and 5 in the afternoon by chopping wood, running errands, &c.; Mr. Hull (one of the presiding Magistrates) said that would be valuable information for the Emigration Com- missioners at home, as shewing what a capital country we had, when an old and decrepid man could earn 5s. in little better than half a day. The Bench decreed for 7s. 6d. Caution to Publicans.—On last Tuesday morning, after the business of the day had been gone through at the Police office, Mr. James Smith, one of the Magistrates who adju- dicated on that morning, addressed the Acting Chief Constable as follows:—"Mr Bloomfield, I wish to call your attention to the manner in which the Queen's Head Hotel is conducted. It is no uncommon occurrence to have persons drinking in that house on Saturday nights up to 12 o'clock, and on last Sabbath morning at one o'clock there was carousing on the premises. There is a billiard room adjoining, but I do not know whether it is connected with the Hotel, in which persons were playing after 12 o'clock on Saturday night. I spoke to Mr. Sugden some time back on the same subject, but without effect, as there was no reformation. If the offence is repeated, I shall direct the attention of the Licensing Magistrates to the matter, with a view of taking away the night license. I should not have mentioned the subject in this public manner if private communications had had any effect." Presenting Fire-arms.—On Tues- day morning two men named John Gotham and John Blanchard appeared at the Police-office charged with having presented a gun at a farmer residing on Unwin's Special Survey, named Gunn. The parties were all going home from Melbourne, and when at Kennedy's Creek the defendants presented the gun and threatened to shoot complainant, on account of some previous quarrel. There was a great deal of contradictory evidence adduced, and the case was dismissed, but defendants were bound to keep the peace towards Gunn. Legislatorial.—We observe by the Geelong newspapers that Dr Dickson, whom our contemporary the Corio Chronicle styles "our truly honorable member for Port Phillip" has taken so deeply to heart Councillor Johnston's taunt as to his "Judas Iscariot" position that he has positively renounced the "two hundred pieces of silver" promised him by the pro-electionists of Geelong, and make himself a sacrifice to the im- portance of not affording a precedent " for devia- ting from the old English custom of unpaid re- presentation." The worthy Dr. is decidedly in the right, for the subscription was in a most un- mistakably "don't you wish you may get it," though the relinquishing it under such circum- stances looks remarkably like the Irishman's plan of " killing the pig to save its life. " It is straenge that the badness ofl the precedent did not strike the Dr. before the subscription assumed so shadowy a forim, when it would hauve come with decidedly better grace, but even as matters stand we are inclined to think his constituents will find him dear at any price. German Immigration. — Mr. West- garth in a letter received from him by the last vessel says:- "Since the date of my last respects I have visited Hamburg and Bremen, Silesia, and other places connected with German emigration to Port Phillip. On my return to this country I drew up various materials for a short pamphlet, to be translated into German, and published at Bremen, with a good map of Australia Felix. This has now been executed, and in a very creditable manner, 400 copies have been printed, and the work is being distributed throughout Germany. I requested Mr. Delius of Bremen to forward a copy direct from that port by a vessel for Adelaide, to yourselves and to Mr. La Trobe. I now enclose you the translation, or rather the original I sent to him. In the pamphlet he has introduced various other remarks, chiefly relating to South Australia, which he thinks will be useful in making our settlement better known to the German peasantry, who are now quite familiar with Adelaide. The political troubles of the continent have continually interfered with my plans for shipping off the first party of German emigrants. In the first place, the party was reduced to one half by a levy of militia in March, which carried away a number of the young men. Afterwards, as the trouble continued, they found great difficulty in disposing of their little properties and raising the requisite amount of money. These difficulties, however, were disappearing under the seal of the Bremen agent, who has repeatedly visited the party at Leignitz, but unfortunately the Danish war broke out with Germany, and Hamburgh and Bremen, were for a considerable period under blockade by a Danish frigate. The blockade has been removed for the present, but the war is likely to be continued, from the encouragement the Danes receive from Russia and Sweden, which has induced them to refuse the arrangement proposed by England in the Schleswig- Holstein question, and accepted by Germany, namely, that the part of Schleswig peopled by Germans should remain attached to the Dukedom of Holestin. Under these adverse circumstances we are proposing to embark the emigrants at Hull or London, where they will be brought over in the English steamers, and where the German ships will wait for them. As the season has now gone so far, and these emigrants would land at Port Phillip in the summer season, I feel some degree of anxiety in this first attempt, lest the disadvantages of that time of the year should tend in any way to mar our success, and so very much depends on the accounts transmitted by the first party. I enclose you some correspondence with Mr. Delius and Mr. Hartig, the leader of the Moravians, on this head. Although I there speak of their going out as a certainly, and to myself think we shall succeed, yet I must confess that obstacles may intervene, and once more throw every thing back. The Really Free Church. — The Lochangar has brought an accession to the strength of the Presbyterian Church of the Co- lony, unconnected with the state, in the person of the Rev. Mr. Richardson, who is sent out by the Colonial Committee of the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland, with a view to his being stationed at Mount Macedon. Mr. Richardson who is a preacher of great eminence was formerly a minister of the Church of Scotland in Van Diemen's Land, and resigned his charge on the occasion of the disruption of the Church of Scotland, indeed many of our readers must recol- lect that it was in contemplation to invite Mr. R. to take the pastoral charge of the really Free Church which was forming in Melbourne at the period of his renunciation of adherence to the Residuary Church, when the intelligence arrived of his departure for Europe. A farewell meeting was held in London a few evenings prior to Mr. Richardson's leaving at which the Rev. Dr. Lang delivered an eloquent address. Mr Rich- ardson will preach in the Rev. Mr. Ramsay's temporary church—the Temperance Hall, on Sunday next. Stray Pigs.—On Tuesday last Messrs. George Kirk and John Allan, butchers, were each fined 20s and costs, at the police office, for hav- ing suffered a drove of pigs to stray through the City. Mr. Kirk said he had placed the pigs at the Swamp for fattening, and he supposed they had wandered away ; at all events it was against his wish that the offence had been committed. Absconding.—On Tuesday last Major Newman appeared at the police office to substan- tiate a charge of absconding against a man named Stempson. Mr. John Stephen, who appeared for defendant, took a preliminary objection of the agreement drawn up between the employer and servant; although the Major had engaged the man and his wife at £30 per annum, there was no mention of the female in the agreement, which was signed "' C. Newman," but written in the body " Sea Newman." The magistrates (Messrs Hull and Smith) refused to entertain the case, as they considered the objections of Mr. Stephen fatal, but at the same time informed defendant that his conduct was reprehensible in absconding from his hired service. Mr. Hull said that it appeared as if the person who drew out the agree- ment wished to play off a hoax; it was shameful in the extreme. Major Newman said the agree- ments were made out by government clerks on board immigrant ships; it was scandalous con- duct, and he hoped the magistrates would en- deavour to remedy the evil. Mr. Smith intimated that it was not ite duty of the bench to do so ; as the Major was most concerned in the matter he had better look after it himself. The Major said it was strange all these errors were discovered in his agreements more than others ; there was no use in his making any complaints against his servants. Mr. Smith advised him to read a do- cument in future before he signed it. Major Newman then turned round to Mr. Stephen, and charged him with getting up cases among his servants and causing them to either bolt or bring their master to the police office. Mr. S. said if the Major did not behave himself, he would bundle him out of the place where he stood.— Major Newman left the office evidently not pleased with the result of his mission. Charge of Robbery.— Two nymphs of the pavé, named Eliza Allen and Marry Jones, was charged at the police office yesterday with having robbed a gentleman named Wood on the previous night in a house off Little Collins-street. It appears that Mr. Wood had got into one of these disreputable dens in the locality of the Ball Ally, and while in a state of intoxication was fleeced of £8 in notes and some siliver; but being ashamed of having his name mentioned in con- nection with the females, did not attend to press the charge. Constable Peter Tucker apprehended the prisoners by direction of Mr. Wood, in Eliza- beth-street, but found no money in their posses- sion. His Worship discharged the defendants with a caution. Impounding.—Mr. J. P. Main, of the Moonee Ponds, appeared at the police office yesterday, to answer a charge preferred against him by Mr. Michael Loeman, of the same place, for having charged 1d per head on 12 bullocks, the property of complainant, which had been impounded in Mr. Main's stockyard for trespass, and which was contrary to the 7th section of the Impounding Act. The offence was clearly proved by a bullock driver in Mr. Loeman's employment, as he swore he had paid 4d per head trespass, and 1d per head impounding fee Mr. Main produced his authority from the Crown Lands Commissioner to impound all cattle found on sections 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, on the Moonee Ponds, and then called a young man named Wilmot Luttrel to contradict the evidence of complainant's witness; he swore that he released 13 bullocks to Mr. Loeman's servant on the day in question, for which he charged 4d per head trespass, but no pound fee. After a very tedious hearing of the matter their Worships dismissed the case. Apprentices.—A young lad named Hanlon summoned his master, Mr. George Taylor, boot and shoemaker, to the Police-office yester- day morning for an assault, with a view of getting his indentures cancelled. The lad stated that his master had been uniformly kind to him until Monday evening last; he gave the boy a cage to clean, and owing to his negligence the bird ; a splendid parrot, escaped from his prison and made towards the bush; for which he received a threshing from Taylor. The mother of the boy was in attendance, and from her unseemly excite- ment it was evident she had induced the lad to take the present proceeding in order to get him away from Taylor's employment, to whom the boy was becoming useful. The Bench at once dismissed the case. Church of England.—On Tues- day next the Bishop of Melbourne will adminis- ter the rite of confirmation in theCathedral, when it is supposed upwards of one hundred and fifty young persons will be confirmed by his Lordship. The respective pastors of the several parishes in the District have been at great pains in fitting their young charge for this solemn occasion, which is the most imposing non-sacramental ceremony in the Episcopalian Church. Accident.—Yesterday afternoon a dray was upset in Collins-street, owing to the horse having taken fright at some clothes hanging out of a window, and but for the manly interposition of Colin Campbell, Esq , serious consequences must have ensued. The only injury sustained the wrist of the driver being dislocated. The Cotton Colony.—We learn by private advices from England that notwithstand- ing the great depression of the times, the Rev Dr Lang had managed to overcome every difficulty in the way of making a commencement in the establishment of a cotton growing colony in Cooksland, or Northern Australia, and the first vessel was to sail shortly after the date of the last advices. Lunatic Asylum.—Two additional inmates were received yesterday at the Lunatic Asylum, named Eliza Armstrong and James Henderson. The warrant for their reception had been procured after considerable delay, a communication on the subject having to be ad- dressed to his Excellency the Governor. A lunatic, named Kirkham, whose term of im- prisonment as a vagrant expired yesterday, is now awaiting the decision of the Governor as to his admissibility to the Lunatic Asylum. Gipps Ward.—Mr. Swanston it will be seen by our advertising columns has entered the field for the coming election in Gipps Ward. Mr. John Stephen has also been feeling his way but finds it no go. The election for Dr. Camp- bell's vacancy takes place—the nomination on the 1st proximo (Wednesday), and the polling on the 3rd (Friday). The election for Mr. Bullen's vacancy takes place—the nomination on 6th, and the polling on the 8th proximo. Body Found.—On Wednesday even- ing last the body of Andrews, whose death was re- corded in Tuesday's Argus, was discovered by some fishermen in the vicinity of the Pier Hotel. W. B. Wilmot, Esq., M.D., Coroner of the Dis- trict, held an inquest on the body yesterday at the beach, but was compelled to adjourn the same till this morning for additional evidence. 