MAITLAND MERCURY. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1848. ARRIVALS FROM HOME, SINCE our last there have been two more arrivals from home - the Waverley , with immigrants, from Plymouth the 3rd September, and the Johnstone from the same place the 11th September. By the latter vessel we have received our files of the 2nd and 4th September. The news in these is not of so late a date as that received by way of Port Phillip ; but we find in them several items of interesting intelligence which have not been given by our Southern contemporaries. There is nothing fresh as regards Ireland. The weather for harvest operations was improving throughout the United Kingdom. The London Chartists, thirty-two in number, had been committed to New- gate to stand their-trial for sedition. An armistice had been concluded between Denmark and Germany. Considerable apprehension was felt as io whether the mediation of France Hnd England between Austria and Italy would be equally successful. Prices were improving a little as the London wool sales progressed. Below v^e_ give sdme extracts from our files :- ( THE CROPS' AND MOHETAEY . AFFAIRS.-On Friday the price of corn fell-in Mark-lane, ow- ing to the fine weather and the more favourable accounts of the crops received from all parts of the United Kingdom. Anothermost favourable -circumstance is the state of the Bank returns on Friday. Nearly £140,000'has been added to the amount of bullion in the vaults, of that establishment. The amount now exceeds £13,500,000. The reserve of notes, too, has undergone an increase to the extent of> nearly £300,000, .beings now ,t£8¿734,000, whjje last week ife was o«ly>£8,4504000. It will be seen tram tliis that the iBank is in ,a very strong position*-Observer, fiept. 4. , , TH$ E&rj;^UE.rj-r<\Ya understand thn't the revenue returns are favourable, and are likely to be very satisfactory at/the close of the quarter. \- Observer i Sept. 4. PRESERVATION)' OF PEACE.-The, readers of the Observer will remember the hopeful views which we have long taken as to the prospect of an amicable settlement of the disputes between the Danes and Germans, on the subject of Sles wick-Holstein.<\- Our reliance upon a peaceable termination of these disputes was founded upon the capacity of the mediating power which undertook the settlement of the question with- out having any selfish interest to serve, and deciding justly and with reference to the ancient claims of the conflicting parties. With such views eventual failure was next to impossible, liowever the arrangement might be thwarted or delayed. We look with the same hopefulness still to the effect of the powerful mediation of England and France united for the settlement of the Italian question, notwithstanding the alarming accounts received yesterday, and the hostile comments of the pi ess in Paris and in other parts of the continent, and the doubts flung upon the integrity of General Cavaignac, all which we publish in that part of our paper dented to nevis, although w« entirely disagree M ¡til the conclusions therein arrived at. At the time that Austria had first solicited the media- tion of England, it was correctly ascertained that Charles Albert and the Italians would not agree to the terms proposed, which there was accordingly no hope in offeriug to their accept- ance. Austria is now said to be so much buoved up with the recent successes of Radetzky, that she is now said to refuse those moderate terms which she. was before so anxious to obtain. Pending a négociation canted on like the pre- sent, it is manifestly impossible to know the terms upon which it is proposed to treat But we teel entirely persuaded that Great Britain would not be a party to anything unjust. She at least has no obfect "but, the préservation of the general peace, and au aiicientülly like Aus- tria has no ground for apprehension in follow - ing her advice. We should be sorry, indeed, could we suppose that Aubtria (as it is stated in the last public accounts lu the Fiench papers) would be so foolish as to rely upon a momentary success, which may be reversed any dayA and reject the terms of a possible and not unjust accommodation. It must 1)e obvious that En<s I.md- can have no selfish end in view. r Her desire, as well as her interest, is the 'pro- motion of peace. She would not, probably array her arms against Austria-but neither would she feel bouud to arm upon her side, esiiecialiy on the rejection ol' her counsel. France is not so situated. Whatever her pre- sent rulers misrlit wish, there is a strong war party in Fiance, with whom an armed in- tervention any where would lie popular, and they would be supjiortetl by a great force of that sen timentalism, which would gladly be found ar- ray ed on _the( side of italian independence. France Í9,'moreoveri á neighbour of Piedmont, and .hWehf^atened, if nob actually bound her- self |{j){Hti armed intervention, should the pro posedT jneäia^qn hnV "Nay, ii is even saiu in the public papers, that'France has made actual preparálipíi^ofa formidable nature. It is dan- gerous in Austria to'eilcourage even these pre Ïarafcions, and ,to evoke the" miijtnry spirit of ranee.') 'l^ovV inu'çli more'/dangerous \o call these prep'araiíons^to tKfe- aul of Italian nation- ality and aiscotifait, Ilv spite,,oi" ali appearances we do not believp'it \eiC-Observer, Sept. 4 *~ THE DANisH'QüFSTióY-The"'" generardetails of the German-Danish armistice are not yet di- vulged, but the lollowmg is au outline of the points cpnceded.anu agreefl'upón. Thes"e points' were the stumbling-blocks tb solution Uri'to the very latest hour, so much so/ indeed, that the negotiations, if not on the point of being broken off, upon the 25th, were snrrounded with difficulties that threatened a rupture. In the frst place, seven in Hen of three months were conceded by the Prussian commissioners. 2. It is determined that all act9 emanating from the Provisional Government, since the establishment of that government, shall be annulled. 3. Schleswig aud Holstein are to be divided poli- tically, and the nexus socialis thus declared now existing. The troops in the former will acknowledge the King of Denmark, those in the latter the King of Prussia, as their chief, Lauenburg to be placed in the siaivs quo ante. 4\. The Provisional Government to be formed of five members, two to be chosen by the King of Denmark, two by the King of Prussia, and the fifth by the four others or by the King of Prussia. The blockade will, of course, cease from the day of ratification, which will be the 2nd September, at Lubeck. The ratification will bear the signatures of the Kings of Den- mark and Prussia. The Ministers have been apprised, and the King's signature was to be applied on the evening of the 31st ult. or early on the l¡>t inst., when Gen. Below will return to Lubeck, there to meet the Swedish and Danish plenipotentiaries charged with the Danish ratifications. The Prussian troops will evacuate the Duchies forthwith.-Observer, Sept. 4. THE FRENCH INSURGENTS.-The transporta- tion of the insurgents still continues by hun- dreds-nay, by thousands. The departure of bauds of these unfortunate men takes place at dead of night, in silence and in mystery. They are conveyed as far as the first station of the railway to Havre, tied hand to hand, three abreast-driven like brute beasts to the market -then thrust pell-mell into the different wag- gons, all hurry and confusion lest a single -word or sign should be exchanged between any one of the prisoners and the bystanders ; for, in spite of the hour, in spite of the weather, in spite of the ordinances of the police, theiewdi be bystanders at every departure.- Corre- spondent of Atlas, Sept. 2. Louis BLANC.-This little gentleman, who has defeated the vigilance of the gendarmes of the French Republic, landed here on Tuesday by the Ostend steamer from Ostend, and after passing a night at the Ship Hotel, proceeded to London" by the South Eastern Railway on Wed- nesday morning. On Tuesday afternoon M. Blanc, while enjoying a walk on the Marine Parade here, in the company of another gentle- man (erroneously stated to be Caussidiere), attracted considerable attention. The little gentleman seemed in high spirits, and doubtless congratulated himself on having escaped the clutches of his pursuers.-Dover Chronicle. THE WEST INDIA MAIL -SOUTHAMPTON, 2ND SEPTEMBER.-The royal mail steam-ship Tay, Captain Sharp, arrived this morning at ten o'clock, from the West Indies, with the nsual mails. The Jamaica Assembly met on the 3rd August. It was fully expected that a majority would be found, though a very small one (per- haps two at most), for stopping the supplies. The 1st of August had passed off quietly, and the negroe3 were getting rid of their fear of being again made slaves, which had been the cause of considerable disturbances in the island. Weather had been fine at Trinidad, but some* complaints were making of the continued" drought. The Spanish troops were being with- drawn from Santa Cruz, both it and St. Thomas being perfectly quiet. Business very dulh Observer, September 4. I»' THE AMERICAN MAIL.-The Hermann reached Southampton water this morning from "New York,,-which she left on the 21st ult. The Cambria had arrived out. The money market continued easier, foreign advices by the Cambria being-Xtonsidered favourable. In Mexico'go- vernment had completely put down insurrection^, and order", was fast being established. Paredes was, however, stillet large, having evaded."the Eursuit of the government troops in search of im. A. revolution had taken place at Ma zatlan, headed by Miranda.-Observer, Septic. ACCIDBST ON THE LONDON AND NpRTii WESTERN RAILWAY.-BIRMINGHAM, SUNDAY. Last evening a very alarming accident happened on the northern division of the alwve line. A person who was in the train when the accident occurred, and narrowly escaped destruction, lins furnished the following facts :~The express train, which leaves Liverpool at 5 o'clock in trie evening, and ought to have arrived at the Wolverhampton station, within fourteen miles of this town, at twenty minutes past seven o'clock, did not arrive* till twenty minutes to eight, at which time there were four or five passengers waiting to get into the carriages for Birmingham. There w as no cause assigned at Wolverhampton for the delay, but the tram soon started at a rapid pace, indeed at such a fearful rate that the passengers very soon became terrified, and prepared them- selves as well as they could for some misfortune. These fears were soon realised, for the train had not ran more than about eight miles, and renched near the Bescott station and the South Stafford- shire Junction, when the engine ran off the rails and across the down line, dragging the tender and van against an embankment, and forcing the carriages on their sides against some tele- graph ana other posts. The passengers were thrown from their seats, and the five gentlemen sitting in the centre compartment, in which our informant was, were dashed against each other. They endeavoured to raise the carriage windows, but could not, upon which one of them, Mr. Smith, a commercial traveller in the whip trade, with presence of mind dashed his feet through the glass of one of the windows, threw himself out on the line, and crept up an embankment. His example was soon followed by the other Eassengers, who also reached the field. They had, owever, scarcely recovered from their terror, when they saw an engine approaching from Bir- mingham at a rapid pace, aim presently perceived it was a pilot engine sent down to ascertain the cause of the delay of the express. Owing to the davkness of the night and the velocity at which the pilot was running, the driver could not stop in time, and the engine ran with terrific force agaitist the carriages of the express before all the passengers had extricated themselves, smash- ing them to pieces. The confusion and terror were indescribable, and on assistance being ob- tained from the adjoining village it was found that half of one of the carriages, in which, were two ladies and Mr. Henry Stuart, of Padding- ton, an architect, had been smashed, and that the gentleman had fallen through to the ground, and a great portion of one of the carriages was lying u|H>n him. In this state he remained, it would" seem, better than half an hour, when, by the assistance of jacks, ¿co., the carriage" was raised, and he was extricated apparently lifeless. How the ladies escaped neither themeelves nor anyone else can tell. All they know is, " that Mr. Stuart was sitting opposite to them when the side of the carriage in which he sat was cut away bv the pilot, as they believe, and they saw the unfortunate gentleman drop through, while their seat providentially remained comparatively uninjured. The whole of the express carriages ''are'said to have been smashed, and the pilot engine greatly damage'. The line was torn up and strewed over with the broken timber. A trajn having been got ready, the passen gers'were1 conveyed to Birmingham, and Mr. Stuart was 'taitén ^W "th'e '-Queen's' Hotel, ?J-and pitt to bed.1'0Mr.1 Hodg96n-,'jsurgeöh^ wa» f \ «oon in «ttendaricè4'"aiiff 'Kfe; «in"conjunction I with a medical gentlemah-iwho happened to be a passenger bv the unfortunate expreéspfaünd that'-'MH Sharps left legñwns.broken, Il believe, in 'tvvó^pláces/'áridathafeshis- Whole^sHrstem, was labouripw 1er a severe nervous atffeqtton; One of-'-.its ;vei% and ¿al stoker wereùnjuréd aud convoye» io- their residences, buk they are said'not to be dangeroisly hurt. We have been also informed by Mr, Robinson that the above is the extent of the injury. Mr» Stuart, says the oxpress must have been, goingat the rate of 60 miles an hour.- Observer,- Sept. 4. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN, WOO"L SALES. AS these important sales ' progress, buyers appear more disposed to operate, and holders to go for higher rates, and by the withdrawal of a few samples, the value of the rest has been better supported. In the manufacturing dis- tricts business has recently improved a little, and the consolidation of this improvement is the chief thing needed to impart stability to the market for the leading staples, wool especially, for this comes forward from the colonies in such increased supply that an active trade can alone I secure prices that will remunerate fcjie gtawers^. Quality is much insisted upon, hut in.;.toe col», nies labour is excessively scarce and deaf j ¿nd of*, late years wool has sunk in "value to such* an extent, that the producer hesitates in incurring the expense of extra sorting and washing, ana seeks rather to obtain the same aggregate return as before by sending a larger quantity to market. At the present series of wool sales 32,000 to 35,000 bales may be catalogued, for the arrivals since they commenced will increase the choice. At the auctions which terminated no longer since than the 18th of July, having then lasted about a month, 33,000 bales /vere offered, and there was then, as was noticed under this head at the time, a reduction upon the May rates of 2d. per lb. Circumstances, however, were in June last exceedingly unpropitious. There were the Continental revolutions in full force, and German and other foreign wools could be purchased 30 to 40 per cent, cheaper than at the previous clip. It is useful to revert to the position of the market in July, in order to form a better judgment of its condition now. The highest price of Australian sheep wool obtained at these salesVas Is. 8jd, and of Van Diemen's Land lambs' Is. 9¿d., and this was not until the termination of" the series, When we noticed on this day week the commencement of the present sales, we had not the gratification of quoting prices up to that point, but the im- provement that has occurred since will almost enable us to do so, and should the Italian ques- tion promise as favourable a settlement as that of Denmark, and the weather continue fine, we shall in all probability have a better statement to make again in our next. Some Australian has been sold at Is. 6d. to Is. 6¿d , a good deal at Is. 4d., and inferior samples have been sold at lOd. and under ; there were many sconred parcels, and Van DiemenV-Land lambs' has touched Is. 7d. per lb. ; the range for Van Diemen's sheep's has been from 6jd. to Is. 5¿d. per lb. ; South Australian has been quoted 5£d. to Is. 2d.; Port Phillip 5d. to Is. 4dr; Swan River 6^d. to Is. Id. ; Cape 4d. to Is. 0¿d. ; New Zealand, 5jd. to lOJd. ; and Odessa 7èd. to Is. 7d. per lb. There were many of the favorite "marks" in the lots, such as J.A. from South Australia, H.H. from Port Phillip, J.R. from Svdney, L from Van Diemen's Land, S in a diamond from Port Phillip, and others still better known to the experienced buyer. The sales will continue every day this week.-Bel Ps Messenger, Sept. 4. TALLOW.-There has been a good demand from both chandlers and the soap trade, and rather stiller prices ure again paid. P.T.C. on the spot has teen selling at 44s. 9d. for first sort, hnt now 44s. 9d. to 45s. are the rates demanded. For delivery a large business has been' done during tho last two or three da4vs, and an advance of 3d. per cwt. has been paid. Several parcels of Odessa Y.C. on the spot-nave? been sold at 44s. for a good quality,-and-now holders are not disposed to sell /it. this prices In other kinds a steady trade hassen doneiat rather firmer rates. Arrivals this week rar.e_ only 525 casks. The deliveries arc going^ik largely, but the stock is nut much greater !|han lust sen-oii at that tim». Home made continúe* in çôod request, and rather higher prices arc ngain paid-small lots of prime fresh melted fetch 45s to 45s. 6d. per cwt. net cash.- Bell's , Messenger, Sep., 4. 