THE EXPEDITION AGAINST SAN JUAN DE NICARAGUA. OFFICIAL DESPATCHES. Admiralty, April 28, 1848. — Despatches, of which the following are extracts or copies, have been received at this office ; — 'Vindictive, at Jamaica, March 5, 1848. ' Sir,- With reference to my letter, No 42, of the 1st instant, reporting the departure of her Majesty's ships A I arm and Vixen for Blew fields, to consult with her Majesty's Consul Geneial and Agent, as to the best means of ob taining redress from the Nicaraguan Govern ment for the insults and outrages therein men tioned, and to obtain the release of two British subjects, carried off from San Juan by Colonel Salas, of the Nicaraguan army, I have the honour to transmit herewith, to be laid before the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, a copy of a despatch, dated the 21st February, which I have this day received from Captain G. G. Loch, of the Alarm, reporting that the ships arrived at Blewfields on the 5th of that month, and Mr. Walker having been embarked, according to his request, they proceeded on the 7th for San Juan, where they arrived on the following day. ' As the nearest Nicaraguan settlement was at Serapaqui, about thirty miles up the river, which from the strength of the current and various rapids, is generally a four days' jour ney, Captain Loch, accompanied by Mr. Walker in his own boat, proceeded to that place at once, with a force of 260 men in twelve boats* and after a most fatiguing pull of seventy-two hours, anchored on the evening of the 11th near the spot. ' It was here that the melancholy death of Mr. Walker occurred ; he was unfortunately drowned, whilst attempting to save the life of a friend who had accompanied him in his boat, and had fallen overboard in the night. They both lost their lives. ' On the morning of the 12th the expedition got under weigh, and proceeded towards the fort, where it had been ascertained Colonel Salas was commanding officer. On nearing it, Captain Loch and Commander Ryder pushed ahead in their gigs, in order to state the object of Her Majesty's forces being in the river, but no sooner were they seen than they were fired at, both by cannon and small arms. As this act effectually prevented any peaceable ar rangements, boats were at once brought up, and after an hour and a half s pull against the rapid tide to reach the landing-place, during which the crews were exposed to a very heavy fire from both sides of the river, they effected their object, and the Nicaraguan troops fled at once, when Captain Loch totally destroyed the fort, and threw all the arms into the river. 'The loss on our side amounted to two killed, and one officer and twelve seamen, marines, and soldiers, wounded, a list of which is inclosed. ' I have to express my admiration of the great gallantry, zeal,, and perseverance dis played by Captain Loch and the officers and men of both services employed under his orders on the occasion.— I have, &c;, 'F. W. Austex, ' Vice- Admiral. ' To the Secretary of the Admiralty.' ' Fort Saint Carlos, Nicaragua, ' February 21, 1848. ' Sir, — In pursuance of your instructions, and in accordance with the wishes of her Ma jesty's late agent and Consul-General, Mr. ?' Walker, I have the honour to acquaint you that I proceeded up the river San Juan de Nicaragua, in command of her Majesty's com bined forces, consisting of 260 officers and men, contained in twelve boats of her Ma jesty's ships Alarm and Vixen, and captured the post of Serapaqui, after a sharp action of one and forty minutes, with a loss of two killed and thirteen wounded. 'The post is situated on a point projecting into the river very abruptly to the height of fiO feet, is protected in the rear by a dense forest, and in the front by an abattis, formed of large trees felled, with their heads and branches reaching into the river. It was only to be ap* proached by heading a rapid current of nearly five knots an hour in order to pass the fort and descend towards a steep and narrow landing place above the stockaded batteries. 'On Friday, the 12th instant, Commander Ryder and myself (who were in advance in our I gigs) hove in sight of Serapaqui, situated at the head of a straight reach of about a mile and a half long. No sooner did my boat ap pear, than she was fired upon by two guns, which effectually precluded the possibility of any peaceful arrangement. ' I therefore waited to reconnoitre until the heavy boats arrived, when I led them up the river. A spare pinnace, commanded by Lieu tenant Johnston, of H.M.S. Abirm, containing some of H.M. 38th Regiment; the Alarm's barge, commanded by Lieutenant Ridge, and First Lieutenant Boyle, of the Royal Marines, ?with a part of his detachment, and the Vixen's port paddle-box boat, with the head quarters of the detachment of that regiment, comman ded by Captain Smith, owing to their fast pul ling, took the lead after the gigs, and on we went, but the current was so strong, that one hour and forty minutes elapsed before we were enabled to pass the batteries sufficiently high to drop down to the landing place previously mentioned, by which time nearly all the boats were up. I then gave the order to land, which they did with an English cheer, and in ten minutes our flag was hoisted in the fort. ' After a chase of thirty minutes into the thick woods, I ordered the recall to be sounded, destroyed the stockades, spiked the guns, broke their trunnions, and threw them into the river, together with muskets, ammunition ; and, after embarking the force, set fire to the defences. ' I was unable to ascertain accurately the loss of the enemy, owing to the density of the cover into which they retreated: twenty, how ever, were found dead, and I have reason to believe that about double the number were wounded. Their force consisted of about 200 soldiers, besides some boatmen, pressed by Co ? lonel Salas into his service. ?' Nine prisoners were captured, amongst them two wounded officers ; these I sent to the ship ; the remainder I have distributed amongst the boats to act as pilots. 'The defences of the post consisted of six angular stockaded entrenchments, formed of very tough timber, eight feet high and four feet thick, one side of each stockade looking across the river, and the other down the reach. The principal stockade commanded the landing place, in which one of the guns was mounted at the time. ' It was with great satisfaction that I saw the cool and steady behaviour of the men, under the trying circumstances of crowded boats, exposed to a hot fire, from both sides of the river, from unseen marksmen, without the possibility of effectually returning it, while in almost a stationary position, owing to the cur rent running like a mill-stream. And it is astonishing to me that a greater loss did not occur, as the boats were riddled with shot, and nearly half the oars broken. ' To distinguish one brave officer from ano ther, when all did their duty, is a difficult task ; but I may remark, that I found Captain Smith, commanding the detachment of her Majesty's 38th Regiment, by my side on land ing ; Commander Ryder, at the head of his division, close by me ; Lieutenants Johnson and Ridge, of the Alarm, leading their men in gallant style ; and First Lieutenant Boyle, Royal Marines, of the same ship, leading his detachment as my guard, and showing an example which his marines could not but follow. 'Mr. Martin, paymaster and purser of the Alarm, accompanied me in my gig, and was of the greatest value and assistance. Besides I these officers, I beg to recommend to your favourable notice Mr. Collins, paymaster and purser of H. M. S. Vixen, who was a volun teer in the head quarter-port paddle-box boat ; the Hon. M. A. Moreton, mate of the Alarm, who commanded the pinnace, and did good execution ; Mr. Tyler, mate of the same I ship ; Mr. N. E. B. Tumour, midshipman of; Vixen, who was badly wounded ; and I beg to mention a seaman of the Vixen, named in the margin, who captured the colours. —I have, &c;, ' Gbanville G. Loch, 'Captain II. .M.S. Alarm, and ' Senior Officer, &c.;' 'P.S.— Commander A. Rider has brought under our notice the zeal and gallantry of Mr. |F. A. Dewdney, midshipman of H.M.S. Vixen, commanding the S. P. B. boat. ' I beg also to mention the zeal and activity j of Lieutenant Scott, First of the Vixen, in for warding the advance of the launches over the Tapids, and his exertions in pushing on the slow boats of the force. 'Vice Admiral Sir Francis W. Austen, K.C.B., ' Commander-in -Chief, &c;, &c;, &c.;' The Dry Dock.— Wednesday was appointed for the first large charge from the site, on Cocka- i too Island, on which it is proposed to erect the first dry dock built in this hemisphere. The charge was one of considerable importance, and j had attracted considerable interest, but owing to the very unfavourable state of the weather for an excursion to Cockatoo from Sydney, comparatively few persons were present. Amongst those, however, who favoured this very interesting event with their presence, were the honorable Colonial Secretary, His Excellency Colonel Wynyard, Colonel Gor don, Mr. S. A. Donaldson, &c;, &c;, &c.; The time fixed for firing the charge was four o'clock, and at that hour boats were warned off the island, and the internal arrangements for the safety and good conduct of the pri soners were most satisfactory. The site of the dock is to the south- west of the island. The charge of powder was 5O0lbs. A cavern was made in the rock about two feet square and twenty feet long, turning off to the right about another eighteen feet. At the end of this second cavern 'was deposited the box containing the charge. The battery by which the charge was ignited, was placed within 300 feet of the blast, and an apparatus was affixed to it, so as to allow six minutes to all concerned to get away. The powder wa6 deposited in a box, in which was placed the cartridge connected to the conduct ing wires of Mr. Norrie's very powerful battery, composed of twenty- four cells, four teen inches high. The power of this battery had been previously tested by its fusing an iron wire, about I- 200th of an inch diameter, and 18 inches long. The rock in which the explo sion took place is composed of sandstone, and therefore, from the soft nature of the material, the reporfwas comparatively mild. Thecharge was, however, an effective one, and although a successive one will be required, the expecta tions of the engineers connected with the under taking have been answered. There is little doubt but that enough has been effected to enable active proceedings on the part of the Government to be undertaken for that colonial desideratum— a dry dock. SubPECTED Smuggling. — On Saturday lasf, Mr. Francis Ring, late master of the brig Lord Hobart, appeared before Captain Browne and George Allen, Esq., at the Water Police Office, charged by Colonel Gibbes, (the Collector of Customs for the colony), with having smug gled five packages (containing 18 gallons) of brandy. The particulars of the circumstances appeared to be as follows : —The brandy was a part of the brandy brought into port, and was entered in the manifest as such. In the bill of contents prepared for the purpose of obtaining a certificate of clearance, this same brandy was entered, and the document was signed by the captain unthinkingly, although afterwards he was well aware the brandy must have been consumed on board the ship during the four or five weeks she was in the harbour. Prior to her departure, Mr. Gibbes, Tide Surveyor, boarded the vessel and searched for this brand; , which not being found gave rise to the pre sent information. Mr. Martin appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Johnson for the defence. In the evidence for the prosecution, it did not ap pear that Mr. Ring was in any way acquainted with the disappearance of the brandy— or that it had been discharged from the ship for any purpose of his. But it was proved that the certificate of clearance had not been granted to Mr. Ring. That Mr. Edmond Gibbes, in the first instance went on board with the manifest of the vessel, and after returning to the Custom House, again went on board with the certificate of clearance, and on that the search was made. The magistrates holding that there was no proof that the clearance had reached the hands of the captain or any party on board the ship, dismissed the case. The Phantom reports having exchanged signals with the ship Emperor of China, hence for Adelaide, about fifteen miles south-west of Cape Howe, on Saturday mor ning last, which vessel immediately bore up, and was observed during the afternoon beating in for Twofold Bay ; also, a schooner, appa rently from Sydney, bound to the southward. The barque Gratitude, from London the 10th April, arrived at Adelaide on the 15th August. Passengers -Mr. E. Gladfield, Miss Parker, and forty in the steerage. The barque Daniel Grant, hence the 10 th August, arrived at Adelaide on the 24th, and was laid on there for Liverpool. The barque Constance, 578 tons, Godfrey, from Plymouth the 2oth May, with 215 immigrants, arrived at Adelaide on the 27th August: The barque Undaunted had sailed from Adelaide for Swansea with a cargo of 383 tons copper ore. The barque Queen and ship Brankenmoor were to sail for London about the 3rd instant, and the Successa bout the 10th instant. The barque Abberton, Carr, was laid on for Port Phillip. The Orion has returned to this port to re cruit, after an absence of nine months, during which time she has taken 600 barrels sperm oil, making a total of 1820 barrels since leaving Nantucket in July, 1845. She reports having spoken on the 1 6th August, the barque Aladdin, of Hobart Town, seven months out, with 600 barrels sperm oil ; and the American ship Winslow, Simons, clean, since leaving Sydney on the 27th April last ; on Saturday last also spoke the barque Wood'ark, Smith, of Sydney, with 40^ barrels sperm oil since leaving this port on the 17th of November last, and the following morning the American ship George Champlin, Swain, clean, since leaving Sydney on the 30th May last. The steamer Juno is expected to resume her trips to Port Phillip and Adelaide about, the 1st October. The barque Bichardson sailed from London for Swansea on the 23rd April to load for Ade laide, for which port she was expected to take her final departure on the 1st June. The ship Alfred was to sail from Hamburg for Adelaide with emigrants aoout the 20th May. The Rainbow reports having passed the brig Lord.Hobart, hence for Hobart Town, the 28th ultimo, off Wollongong, on Tuesday afternoon last. The brig Palmyra, for Sydney, was lying at Port Phillip Heads when the Rainbow sailed* The two-topsail 8choonerv Sarah Ann, sailed from Newcastle, for Otago, on Tuesday morning last, with a cargo of 900 sheep and 15 rams. The Forfarshire reports having passed a barque* off the Rodunda on Sunday morning last, supposed to be the Terror, hence, for Ho bart Town. The barque Emma has been taken off the berth for India, having been chartered to make two trips from Newcastle to Auckland, with stock. The James and Amelia reports having spoken the schooner Joseph Cripps, hence for Hobart Town the 22nd ultimo, off the Pigpon House on the 2nd instant. The schooner Waterlily, hence for Hobart Town the| 19th ultimo, and the schooner Brothers, hence for Port Fairy, the 17th ultimo, put into Two told Bay, from stress of weather on the 27th, and remained there when the James and Amelia sailed. The Brothers had twice bore up from Bam Head. The brig Sophia, Korff, sailed from New castle for Java on Wednesday morning. Pas senger — Captain Tanner. Cargo- 150 tons coal1:, 14 c;ises wine, 10 barrels flour, 20 barrels biscuit, and I quarter-cask wine. Thb Danish Navy. — The following is given as the list of the Danish men-of-war now in active service : — The Galathea, 20 guns ; the Najaden, 20 ; the Flora, 20 ; the St. Thomas, 25 ; the Mercurius, 25 ; the St. Croix, 25 ; the Gefion, 46 ; the Thetis, 46 ; theDelphinen, schooner ; the Pilen, schooner ; the Neptune, cutter ; the Hecla, steamer, 200 horse power, armed ; the Geiser, steamer, 160 horse power, armed ; the Skirner, steamer, 120 horse power, armed ; the jE^ir, steamer, 80 horse power, armed ; besides a flotilla of gun boats, armed with 2 guns, 60 and 40 pounders each. The Danish Government has besides - 6 lineof batt.le ships of 54 to 90 guns, 15 frigates, 5 schooners, 2 steamers, and 85 large and small gun-boats, which can be put into active service from fourteen days to three weeks. 25,000 mariners in all, in time of war, stand at the Government service. Spring Bay.— I consider Spring Bay to be one ot the finest harbours in the colony of Van Diemen's Land ; and if its approaches and anchorages were care fully surveyed and sounded, it might prove of much service. It is about six miles wide at the entrance, between the north end ol Maria Island and the main, with a depth ol water varying from 14 to 5 fathoms, and if better known would probably be resorted to by ship ping in want of refreshment, instead of their going round by Cape Pillar and working up Storm Bay to the Derwent against 6trong westerly winds. If the attention of the Go vernment could be directed to thiH quarter, it would be round desirable to open a road to Spring Bay from the main line between Hobart Town and Launceston, which would imme diately make it a shipping port for all exports on the eastern coast. It would also be in much request with vessels bringing stock to marker from the neighbouring colonies, as by avoiding the passage round Cape Pillar (by far the ?worst part of the voyage at all seasons) the animals would be landed in much better and more wholesome condition tlian they can possibly be after days of tossing about off the above-named Cape, in a very often fruitless attempt to reach the Derwent. I mention these points merely to illustrate the value of Spring Bay as a safe and convenient harbour; the speedy formation of a town, if it were once resorted to by shipping, and the extreme salubrity of the climate on the east coast, would be sufficient attraction, whenever population increases by respectable immigration, to induce many to turn their steps in that direction : and it is the only harbour worthy of the name between Capes Pillar and Portland. Shelter for small craft may indeed be found during westerly gales in Fortescue and Pirate's Bays, as well as Great Swan Port ; but the latter is very shoal, and in S. and S.E. gales a heavy sea sets in. A road has already been formed through the fertile plain watered by the South Esk, commencing at Avoca and terminating with the sea at Fal mouth ; but the attempt to magnify the little shelter afforded by an outlying rock off the coast at the latter place possessing the capabi lities of a harbour, is chimerical in the extreme, as no coasting vessel of any dimensions could lay there even during the swell which the or dinary sea breeze sends in. The road alluded to is, however, extremely valuable, in opening the line of communication with an extensive and fertile district, and giving greater facility for the transit of nroducefor shipment to either of the ports of Hobart Town or Launceston than is possessed by any other district in the colony. A road formed to Spring Bay would do the same, with the advantage of a good and safe harbour for shipping at its termination, — From a paper by Lieutenant Kay, R.N., in the Tasmanian Journal. The ' Nancy Dawson' Yacht.— The Royal Thames Yacht Club schooner Nancy Dawson, commanded by Mr. Eobert Sheddon, owner, nephew of Robert Sheddon, Esq., of Tor Abbey, and fully equipped for the pur pose of science and defence, sailed from Leith Roads on the 19th ultimo on her adventurous voyage round the world, partly in connexion with the Geographical Society of London. The officers and crew of the yacht, who are principally volunteers, are a fine set of men, and were in the highest spirits. ' This truly patriotic example,' says the Torquay and Tor Directory, ?? is deserving of the highest com mendationR. By promoting scientific dis covery and nautical skill, the splendid vessels of ouryacht squadronsmight confer the{jreatest benefits upon their country, and add greatly to theenjoyments of that truly national pursuit.' We heartily wish the noble ship a prosperous voyage, and that her gallant commander, offi cers, and crew, may return in safety to their native country.-- Hampshire Advertiser ^Aprilii. Preservation of Life in Cases of Ship wreck.— Some experiments wererecently made in the presence of Sir Gordon 'Brenner, and the principal authorities of Woolwich Dockyard, to te6t the merits of an invention which has for its object the saving of human life in cases of shipwreck. The invention consists of shredding cork and packing it into mnttresses and pillows, to be substituted for those in common use on board ship. These cork mattresses and pillows are so constructed that they may be used either separately or laaVipd together as a raft. At two o'clock Sir Gordon Bremer and several officers connected with the dockyard assembler! at the steam hnson. The first experiment was by lashing six of the mattresses together with boat oars, a process wliieh did not occupy a minute. The raft was then thrown into the water, and Captain Stevens, the swimming master of the Royal Humane Sociery, jumped on it from the pier, and floated about the dock for some time. His son, a lad about 17, fell into the water as if accidentally. Captain Stevens, on the raft, went to the assistance of his son, and pulled him on the raft, which sup ported both with the utmost ease, and by this means was enabled to land him on the pier in safety. The next experiment consisted in throwing a bolster weighing 3^ lbs. into the water, on which the lad placed himself, and demonstrated its power to support him while in the water. A boat cushion of the same weight was tried next, and was found to an swer the same object exactly. A single mat tress, weight 12 lbs., was then thrown into tbe water, and on this Captain Stevens lay at full length — was supported on it quite out of the water, and in this way hepadrlled, without any difficulty, to any part of the dock he wished. Sir Gordon Bremer expressed bis entire satis faction at the result, and, indeed, all present. The next experiment with these mattresses is, to ascertain their capability of resisting musket balls, shot, &c.; Mr. C. Taylor, of the firm of R. Taylor and Sons, of the Borough, the patentees, was present throughout the pro ceed in gfi. — London paper. Wind-round Vessels.— Nearly 300 wind bound merchant-men of nil nations, which had been g \thering in Gibraltar Bay-* Algesiras roacls, Sandy Bay, and from Marabella to the back of the rock, for the laet twenty-two days, were descried in full sail ftt daybreak on the morning of the 23rd April, proceeding to their various destinations through the Straits, the wind having veered to the east. They pre sented a most picturesque view.-r- Times, , \Qth May. 