3St(ti0!) 32xti\xct0. EARL GREY'S SPEECH ON EMIGRATION. f From the Morning Herald, London. J There appears to be but one feeling throughout the country regarding Lord Grey's emigration Speech on Thursday night. It has disappointed all parties. At the fag-end of an unprecedentedly long session through-- out which the nation has been calling aloud, almost as one man, for some great comperhensive scheme of colo nisation, to be proposed by Government and supported by the public, the Colonial Secretary rises to inform us that the Australian colonies are prospering, and that emigration to Australia is conducted now much more beneficially in every respect than it was a few years ago — a fact which did not require the endorsement of the Colonial Secretary to give it currency. Beyond this, we learnt little more from Lord Grey's speech, except, indeed, that Government had magnanimously determined not to obstruct the generous efforts of individual colo nists, who are inclined to pay the emigration expenses of their friends at home, by throwing any obstacles in the way of remittance to the mother-country. " Only get your money ready," cries the Colonial Office, " and we will help you to send it home." A stretch of generosity which we have no doubt will be duly appreciated by the colonies, who are now vigorously denouncing every scheme of emigration tending to abstract into foreign channels the capital which it is so desirable to expend at home. " It is the drain of our capital," cry the colonists, "which has brought us to the brink of ruin." " Only get your money ready, good friends," says the benignant Colonial Office, "and see how quickly we will remit it to England." The condescension of the Coloniai Office in this matter is excessive. The Imperial Government will condescend to spend as mueh colonial money, public or private, on emigration as the colonists will consent to send home for the purpose. Every encouragement shall be given to settlers, it is said, who will send their money to England ; and this is thought a very knowing " dodge." But we can assure the Colonial Secretary that it is anything but a "dodge." It should be the object of the Imperial Government to enrich, not to impoverish, the colonies. To the prosperity of the colonies, in days not far distant, England will owe her own prosperity. She will rise or sink with her colonial possessions. Fishing in the troubled waters of the future it is in our hands to render our colonies either cork or lead. If we think we can ever better our own condition by defrauding or oppress ing the colonies, we shall have the mistake brought home to us with a shock which will shake the empire to its very foundation. There can be no disunion of interests between England and her distant dependencies. We cannot do an injustice to our colonies without doing an injustice to ourselves. The " ingredients of the poisoned chalice" are sure to be " commended to our own lips." It is of little use to send labour to a colony where there is no capital to absorb it. The Government plan of colonisation would seem to be simply this — to send as much labour as possible into our colonies, and to drain as much capital out of them. This is the wisdom of the 19th century — the wisdom of a Ministry which, on entering office, put forth especial claims to the favourable consideration of the colonies, and buoyed them up with delusive hopes of unexampled patronage and encourage ment. It was all delusion from beginning to end. There never was such a sham. Mr. Charles Buller has been converted into a poor law commissioner ; and Lord Grey, in the upper house, and Mr. Hawes, in the lower, are only able, at the end of the session, to convince the country that Ministers do not know what to do for the colonies, and would not do anything if they did. In this state of things it is not surprising that the colonists, seeing that the parent state has been, is, and ever will be resolved to make the colonists pay to the utmost for the transfer of free labour from the home to the colonial market, should think, whatever may be the social evils of such a system, that the employment of convict labour has, after all, some advantages peculiarly its own. Voluntary immigration is, doubtless, a fine thing; but it may be paid for at too high a price. Con vict immigration, or exile immigration, as we may be pleased to call it, has a disagreeable odour in the colo nies, but of the coin which is saved by it the colonists are inclined to say, " Non olet and, under certain restrictions, and with certain appliances, the system, they think, may work pretty well. There is an immense mass of unemployed convict labour already in Van Diemen's Land. It is the opinion of many intelligent men in the colonies that this surplus convict labour might very advantageously be drafted into New South Wales. There is no demand for labour in Van Diemen's Land equal to the demand of the pass-holders and ticket-of- leave men for free employment ; and to meet the neces sities of the case the Colonial Office has proposed to employ this surplus convict labour upon the erection of houses for a population not at present in existence. Here, in England, we have our population ready, but find difficulty in providing dwelling-houses. In Van Diemen's Land it is proposed to erect the houses first, and to provide the population afterwards. The colonists do not seem to relish this scheme. There is something too ideal and Utopian about it to satisfy their practical notions : they would build houses for an existing popu lation, not go in search of tenants for previously con structed tenements. There are, it would seem, about 30,000 convicts in Van Diemen's Land — divided pretty equally into ticket-of-leave men, pass-holders, and pro bationers. The two former classes are allowed to seek employment for themselves in the island. But they cannot go beyond it. Now, whilst there has been no sufficient demand in Van Diemen's Land for this mass of labour, New South Wales has been crying out for th&twhich; the neighbouring island possesses in such detrimental excess. " Allow then," exclaims an inhabitant of New South Waif s, Mr. Benjamin Boyd, in a pamphlet now before us, " the 10,000 men who now hold tickets of leave an extension of the boon, which is in Van Diemen's Land useless to them, and)grant them pardons conditional upon their proceeding to, and residing in, New South Wales. Permit them to leave a colony where they cannot find . employment, and to seek in our vast and practicable labour-fields for the true means of making their way as honest and useful members of the community. Thus," he continues, "would the colonies save the heavy expense of the transpacific passage (of free emigrants), which, calculated even at the low rate of 15/. per head (the statue number of women and children included), would amount to 225,000/. Van Diemen's Land would be . relieved by the absence of a mass of unrequired labour; the Imperial treasury would be released from the dis bursements requisite to feed and clothe 5000 unproduc tive workmen, whose labour, transferred to this market, where the demand so greatly exceeds the supply, would be productive of material wealth to the amount, at least, of a quarter of a million sterling per annum." This was written last year. On the opening of the Legislative Council of New South Wales, in the spring of the present year, it was announced in the Governor's address, that a despatch from Lord Grey would be laid before the Council, " setting forth the terms on which her Majesty's Government will be disposed to send out exiles and ticket-of-leave holders, at the expense of the British treasury. This proposal is made, subject to the concurrence of the Legislative Council ;" and is ac cordingly recommended to its earnest consideration. In its answer to the address, the Council promised to give the subject its most attentive consideration ; and, oa the 30th of March, Wr. W entworth gave notice that he would, on a future day move that the Council should declare itself disposed to co-operate with the Home Government in carrying out the schemes of reformatory discipline recommended in the Colonial Secretary's despatch, " so far as relates to the reception and employ ment in this colony of the two classes of exiles holding conditional pardons and tickets of leave, on the terms in the said despatch mentioned, viz. — that in all cases the wives and families of such exiles, together with a number of free emigrants equal to the number of such exiles, shall be sent out at the cost of the British Treasury." But it was to be proposed, as an amendment upon the plan of the Home Government, that the families of the exiles should be sent from England with, and not after , them ; and that the balance of the sexes should be as closely as possible preserved. It would appear to be the opinion, out of Council, on this most important subject, that the consideration of the question should not be pressed on before the colonists at large have had every opportunity of considering and discussing it. There are, upon social grounds, many objections to the plan ; but on financial grounds it has everything to recommend it. The colonies cannot afford to pay for the importation of labour; and, rather than their capital should be drained for this purpose, they are willing to assent to the importation of convict labour. AH that seems to be demanded is the equalisation of the sexes, and the distribution of the imported convict labour over the largest possible space. Concentrate it, they say, in one colony, and you will confer on that colony at once all the worst attributes of a penal settlement. Diffuse it over a wide surface, and you separate, to a great extent, the labour from the crime, by the dilution of the latter. It is scarcely pretended by any parties that the system is itself a good one. The colonies cannot recommend it. The mother-country cannot commend it. It is only accepted as a choice of evils. The colonies have already been brought to the brink of ruin by being compelled to pay so heavily for the importation of labour. As labour has come in, capital has gone out ; and this has been well nigh death to the colonies. They cannot afford to pay for more free labour, and therefore they must accept convict labour, and not look the gift horse in the mouth. This is not a very favourable phase of the emigration question. But whilst we are determined to make the colonies " pay for all," we must not look for a better. Lieutenant Waghorn — Amongst the sums voted on Friday night last was £1,500 for Waghorn's services in ascertaining the practicability of the route to Alexandria via Trieste, for the con veyance of the India mails. The only fault to be found with this vote is its inadequacy for the remuneration of the gallant lieutenant, whose transport of the government despatches across the Alps and through the Austrian dominions in the hitter winter of '46-7 is one of the most remarkable incidents in a life already conspicuous for unprecedented feats of individual daring, perseverance, and in genuity. Though ostensibly given for services in connexion with the Trieste route, it is virtually a reward, and most shabby one, for his organization and completion of the Overland India route, for whose value to the public hardly any sum could be an extrava gant equivalent. And this suggests the present as a fitting op portunity to say, that the subscription which figured so imposingly in the papers a couple of years ago, under the title of the" Wag- ' horn Testimonial," never reached the pocket of its object in any thing like its apparent substantiality. The railway panic and commercial distress set in before it was collected, and many who put down their names for £100 were, when called upon to pay, them selves in need. Of the expenses incurred in testing the Trieste route, part have been defrayed by the East India Company, and part by the Civil Contingencies. Why the present small remune ration of Waghorn's individual labours has been so long delayed it is difficult to say ; but at all events the time now is well chosen, for it must be remembered that to him it is chiefly owing that steam to Australia was so impressed both on the late and present adminis tration, that Earl Grey has at length officially recognized the sub ject in a mode whose announcement last week afforded such satis- iWtiAn tn nil in anv wav inter ested in our vast and nrosnerinc nos- sessions in the Pacific. — London Correspondent of Liverpool Albion, Auoust 14. Government Retrenchment. — We understand that it is the intention of the Lords o! the Treasury to place the business of the Stamps and Taxes under the Board of Excise, by which arrange ment the salaries of a chairman, deputy chairman, and commission- ore will ho saved to the nublic. Precautions against the spread of Cholera.— The go vernment have very wisely determined to take early precautions to prevent the cholera from spreading.to our shores, in the event of any cases occurring in ships afloat. They have ordered the Ben - bow and Devonshire, old line-of- battle ships, to be immediately pre pared as hospital ships, to receive cholera patients from merchant vessels, and another ship, the Iphigenia, is also fitted up as a cholera hospital ship, should necessity require additional accommo dation. Extraordinary Case of Kidnapping. — A young woman, named Ann Williams, is now in custody at Manchester, on a charge of stealing a child, for the purpose of using it as a means of exciting compassion and sympathy in asking alms. The woman had stolen the child from Manchester on Wednesday fortnight, after expe riencing great kindness at the hands of its parents, who are work ing people, and had begged with it about the neighbourhood the two following days, travelled on Saturday with it to Buxton, where her inhuman treatment to it had caused several persons to remon strate with her j and, on Sunday, after stripping it of its frock, bonnet, silk handkerchief, and necklace, she left it exposed to the inclement weather which prevailed on that day, merely wrapped in its pinafore, near to the brink of a stone quarry on a common between Buxton and Macclesfield. She had offered its clothes for sale at a small farm-house by the road side for fourpence, with such a pitiable tale, that the pcopie, so far from suspecting that she had been guilty of such inhumanity, had kindly given her food and money wherewith to pursue her journey. A lady on horseback having discovered the child about a couple of hours subsequently, called at the farm-house to tell them, and this circumstance led to the pursuit of Williams, and her apprehension at Macclesfield. The child is alive and well, but had many marks of ill-treatment about its body when first recovered. The woman expressed surprise next day on hearing that It was still alive.- —Atlas. Great Feat of Leafing iUOO Hurdles in Three Hours and Thirty Minutes.—' The abve feat, undertaken by Robert Coates, of London, came off at the Red Lion, Knowle, near Bristol, on Monday. Coates started at five minutes to five, and jumped the first 3000 in 50 minutes. He then rested, often during the time rinsing his mouth with water. The fourth hundred was done in 16£ minutes ; the fifth hundred in 20 minutes, the sixth hundred in 24£ minutes, and the seventh hundred in 22 minutes. At the 752nd leap he was again obliged to rest, showing evident marks of distress ; but having taken a cup of strong " tea." he again started, saying he felt confident of winning. The eighth hundted was done in 37 minutes. During the ninth hundred, which was finished within the third hour, he showed such evident weakness that many thought he could not finish his task within the time, but having again refreshed himself with strong tea, and changed his shirt, he arose as a " giant lefreshed," saying he was deter mined to win ; fot, after one of the most surprising efforts, he ac complished this, the greatest of modern feats, in 3 hours 19 min- utes and 20 seconds.— \- Bell's Messenger, July 10. State of Manchester. — We are happy to say that peace reigns undisturbed amongst us. There was to have been a demonstration on Monday night, such as that at Ashton, but it is " ostponed for the present." There was also a rumour that there was to be an assemblage between eleven and twelve o'clock on Thursday night, to pay off sucli of the police as fell in the way, and also with the intention of doing some injury to property. In consequence of the rumour, the authorities were on the alect, but it is needless to add that none of the body ever made their appearance, nor are there at present any apprehensions that they will attempt anything for some time to come. Should it unfortunately happen that they overstep the bounds of prudence, and a conflict take place, there will be hard blows dealt, for the latter have been harrassed almost beyond tbeir strength, and are quite willing to try a battle if victory will only give security against the nightly annoyance. — Manchester Courier, Scotland. — In our journal of last Saturday we noticed the arrest of two Edinburgh citizens, one of them a magistrate, for the refusal to pay what is called in Scotland the annuity-tax. It may be well to mention, for the information of our English readers, that all the Presbyterian clergy of Scotland receive their stipends out of the parish teinds, with the exception of those holding- livings in the metropolis and Montrose, a sea-coast town in Forfarshire, in both of which a per centage on the rental is levied for this purpose. The tax has been always unpopular in Edinburgh, and seizures, in Scotch phrase poundings, have been of frequent occurrence — the sale sometimes, as our readers will remember, leading to a breach of the peace. The incarceration of the gentlemen alluded to has excited much sympathy in their favour, and roused the inhabitants to a determination to rid themselves of a tax which has been the subject of petty strife for many years. On Monday evening a meeting was held for this purpose, when it was agreed to communi cate with Mr. J. Hume andthecity members on the subject, — Atlas, Aug. 14. Revolt of Slaves in St. Croix.— We have received parti culars of an insurrection, which took place in the Danish island of St. Croix on the 2nd of June. The slaves rose en masse on that day, took possession of the towns of Christiansted and Frede- ricksted, and loudly demanded freedom. An express was imme- mediately sent for his Excellency Peter VonScholten, the Governor General of the Danish West India settlements, residing in St. Thoma's, who proceeded at once to St. Croix. On his arrival it was found that the revolted slaves had committed great excesses, and the lives of many of the planters had been attempted. On several estates the crops had been fired, and the houses of the managers had been plundered. All communication between the town was stopped, the roads being in possession of the rioters. Hundreds of women and children had taken refuge on board the Danish vessels in harbour. The governor, accompanied by an aide- de-camp, immediately drove out, and demanded of the leaders what they wanted, to which they rejoined " their freedom, and that they would have it or burn and plunder all the towns and estates." M. Von Scholten, finding himself completely in the power of the insurgents, and the police offices having been destroyed, declared that all the slaves were free from that moment. This even did not pacify them ; they demanded to have their free papers, which were accordingly promised. His Excellency being liberated, drove back to Christiansted, and issued on the following day a proclamation of slave emancipation in St. Croix, which was also issued in St. John's and St. Thomas's. On the 4th of June the emancipated negroes again rose in St. Croix, with the avowed purpose of taking posses sion of the island and establishing an independent government. Volunteers were called for in St. Thomas's, and a force was de spatched to the disaffected island, when much slaughter took place. A great number of the rebels were shot ; others were captured, and confined on board the Danish brig-of-war Ornen, and will be tried by court- martial. On news of the revolt reaching Port Rico, the Spanish Governor of that island despatched the West India Com pany's steamer, with 600 soldiers, two field pieces, 8tc. The ap pearance of these troops restored comparative tranquillity. This adds another to the list of events in this truly remarkable year. — Bell's Messenger, August 14, The Revolution in Hayti. — The following is an extract from a private letter " Aux C'ayes, Hayti, July 4. — This island is in a deplorable state of anarchy, and no prospect of a change ; execu tions of daily occurrence. Every commanding officer of the republic has been changed, many beheaded and exposed to the public gaze ; devastation of property, and open plunder, carried on even to the gates of the town, and in presence of the executive. Many of our personal friends have suffered the extreme penalty to satisfy the exactions of the mountaineers and countrv people, who threatened to murder all the coloured prisoners if certain individuals were not given up. The sovereignty of the people was never so far cartied out as it is now. Certainly the blacks have been fairly dealt by, and have been driven to revenge by the overbearing insolence of the coloured race, who, however, now pay dearly for their unwise policy. The towns of Miragoane, Aquib, St. Louis, and Cavaillon, surrendered after some resistance, in the latter city 242 were executed and killed in one way or other ; the generals were beheaded, to check the revolution in the bud if possible. His Excellency has been hero for six weeks, accompanied by his staff and 4000 troops ; he left here on the 23th ultimo, on his southern tour, and then on to the capital. Foreign merchants are re spected to a certain degree, but the desire of plunder has become so great since the sacking of the above-named towns, that the in habitants dare not expose their goods, and consequently debts are unpaid to the merchants, and a general insecurity prevails. Power is placed in the hands of those who are unable to guide themselves — the official posts are all in a mass of corruption— the dollar is not now worth more than 6d., and how the French indemnity is to be paid next year is a problem no one here can solve. War with a civilised European powei, in the present state, is a happy prospect." . — Bell's Messenger, Aug. 14. Denmark and Schlbswig-Holstein.— Preparations are being made to renew the war ; and we are in daily expectation of hearing of a battle between the hostile forces. Notice has been given by Denmark, that in addition to the harbours of Swinemunde, Wol- gast and Cammin (Kiel, with the mouth of the Sleswig canal at Holtenau), now under blockade, the following places will be block aded from the 15th of this month, viz., Griefswalde. with the east ern entrance to Stralsund; the rivers Elbe, Weser, and Jahde. Letters from Hamburg mention that in consequence of the sudden announcment of the extension of the Danish blockade, 40,000 troops, well provided with artillery, were to be inarched imme diately from Frankfort into Schleswig-Holstein, with the view of levying contributions in Jutland. At the same time, however, it is stated that the Prussian provinces along the Baltic coast whose interests are most damaged by the continuance of the present state of affairs, have lately sent a crowd of petitions to Berlin, which has caused General Bulow to be dispatched to the Archduke John with a representation that if a settlement be not promptly effected by a spirit of concession at Frankfort, Prussia will at once conclude an arrangement for peace upon ber own responsibility. A letter from Frankfort, dated August 6, eontains the following announce ment:— "Lord Cowley has had several conferences with the new Foreign Secretary, and 1 have the pleasure of assuring you that an arrangement will be arrived at very shortly, and that the long in terrupted commerce of England with the Baltic may in a week or two be resumed again. The government of one of the great Ger man states will be empowered by the Archduke Regent to conclude the armistice on behalf of the empire." -Bell's Messenger, Au gust 14 An attempt has been made to assassinate M. Thiers. The fol lowing are the particulars of this wicked act :— "For some days previously M. Thiers had received anonymous letters, warning him that his life would he attempted. The police likewise gave him notice requesting him to change a white hat that he wore, and by which he could easily be recognized. M. Thiers paid no attention to it. On Saturday, at six o'clock the hour at which he was in the . habit of leaving the Assembly, M. Mignet, having passed the railing of M. Thiers' hotel, wearing a hat similar to M. Thiers, had advanced having passed beneath the gate of the hotel, when cries uttered at the railing made him turn back. A little girl who was selling birds, and who was sitting near the rails, was lifted up by the National Guards. She had received a ball in the back, which had passed through her gown and penetrated into the ffesh. No report having been heard, it was supposed that it was an air-gun which had been made use of. The police immediately arrived on the spot. From an examination of the wound, it appeared evident that the ball had been fired from outside the railing. This affair was the subject of much conversation in the conference hall of the Assembly. Many members announced that they had likewise re ceived auonymous letters, which threatened vengeance. 