kolonial ¿3cü)3. PORT PHILLIP. We are in receipt of Port Phillip papers to the 8th August. A public meeting was about to be held at Portland, to take into consideration the non-election movement. Colonial Grain.-It is very gratifying to find that the Port Phillip grown wheat and barley has attained a very high character in the home markets^, Last year Messrs. Duncan and Laidlaw, of the Carleton' estate, drf'tne Yarra Yarra, sent home a small parcel of wheat and barley, with the view of ascertaining what reception this description of colonial produce would meet with im the home markets, and the result is communicated in a letter recently received, of which the following is an extract : The writer says " will you be so good as to let Mr. Duncan know that I produced his sample of wiieat and barley in Mark-lane, when I was in London along with Mr. A., my brother-in law. The wheat was considered a good sample, but there was nothing to equal the barley in the market. I also shewed it along with Mr. A. in the Edinburgh market, whereof course he knew all the farmers ; they could not under- stand where he got such a sample of barley, it was so very fine and bright. Many of the gentlemen begged a few grains, which I gave them, not forgetting to tell them what part of the colony it grew in. I have sent all the wheat and w hat little barley I had left to one or two of the first farmers in East Lothian."-Argus, A ugust 8. Attempted Escape from Gaol.-About eighteen or twenty of the prisoners at present confined in the Melbourne Gaol have been en- gaged for some weeks past in planning a general escape, and on Saturday night the attempt was to have been made ; when through the vigilance of Mr. Wintle, the gaoler, their plans were happily frustrated. Preparations on an extensive scale had been made, some of the prisoners being employed in tearing the blankets into slips, whilst others completed-the operation of twisting them into ropes to assist in the descent from the outer wall, and various duties assigned to particular individuals whose previous avocations fitted them for the task ; altogether the affair wore a very formidable aspect, and but for the precautionary measures adopted by the proper authorities, the consequences might have been fearful, the probability being that the lives of the turnkeys would have been sacrificed to the rage of the misguided wretches. [ The ringleaders in the affair are three or four Vandiemonians, at present undergoing sen- tences of imprisonment, foremost amongst whom is Lovell, the pugilist, convicted of highway robbery. An investigation of the matter has taken place, and most stringent measures, adopted to prevent a recurrence of the attempt. -Argus. Aug. 8. Tub Season.-The first half of winter has been unparalleledly dry-the second promises to be unparalleledly Met. The last few days' rain has caused creeks to run which have not run during the last seven years. This is the case with the Duck Ponds, eight miles from Geelong, on the Melbourne Road. The hitherto dry course is now a river, and the water at the crossing place on the lower road is quite fresh.. The last time the creek ran was in 1840. - Gee long Advertiser. Bribery and Corruption.-Major St. John's libel action against Mr. Fawkner is not brought upon Mr. F's official communication to the go- vernment, making specific charges against the gallant complainant, but upon the original letter published in this and other journals, pointing the Major out as the party referred to in his speech at the recent public meeting as accessible to all manner of bribes from b.ilf-a dozen of eggs upwards. Whether, even with specific charges, Mr. La Trobe will order an investigation is not yet known, but the parties connected with the différent charges preferred by Mr. Fawkner have been officially written to for their respective statements.-Argus, Aag 8. Portland.-Severe Frost.-The most se- vere frost ever known in this neighbourhood was experienced on Sunday night last ; water in some places having frozen three-quarters of an inch in five or six hours.-P. Guardian, Aug. 4. Melbourne.-The Weather.-An immense quantity of rain has fallen since Thursday. On Friday night it rained without intermission until the following morning, making a dreadful mess of many parts of the public thorougfares. \- Herald, Aug 8. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We are in receipt of files of South Australian papers from the 13th July to the 5th August. Sir Henry-E. F. Young, the New Governor, and his lady, arrived at Adelaide in the For farshire, on the 31st July. Colonel Robe, the late Governor, was expected to leave im- mediately for the Mauritius, via Ceylon. Judge Cooper had delivered his judgment, described as a very able document, declaring the royalty imposition illegal. It was said the government intended appealing to the frivy Council. English news to the 26th April was received at Adelaide by the Forfarshire. The Forfarshire brought 234 immigrants from London and Plymouth ; the Leontine brought 262 German immigrants from Bremen ; and the Sibella brought 278 immigrants from Plymouth. The papers state that, when the Leontine was at Rio, intelligence had reached that city that the Elbe and Weser were blockaded by Danish men-of-war, and all ingress or egress denied to German vessels. Landing and Reception of Sir Henry Young.-His Excellency Sir H. E. F. Young landed on Wednesday, at noon, at the Port, greeted by the cheers of some half- dozen mud barge men, no official being at the water side to receive his Excellency and his lady although Captain Webster was sauntering on the bridge awaiting Sir Henry's arrival. No respectful demonstration followed; his Excellency came up to town, in the Unicorn carriage, accompanied by Captain Webster, and escorted by two of the mounted police. On arriving at Government House there was no guard of honour to receive him, nor any members of the Executive, and the respectable colonists were represented by a knot of the unwashed, whose cheers were anything but deafening. So much for the reception of the fifth Governor of this Province, in the year of Grace 1848-a reception so un- manly, unmannerly, and ungallant, as to stamp indelible disgrace upon the authorities. His Excellency was sworn into office on the after- noon of Wednesday, and his assumption of the reins of government was ratified in a Govern- ment Gazette Extraordinary. The members of the Legislative Council were introduced to his Excellency on Thursday, and we are authorised to state that a general levee will be held at Government House on Thursday next. \- Register, Aug 5. Intended Departure of Lieut. X3onernor Robe.-After the protracted and uncertain tenure of office which has marked the last days, of ti», Lieutenant Governor's»authority, it is not-tO'be wondered at that his preparations for departure should be prompt. His late Excel- lency took leave of the Council on Wennesday, and we understand that he has arranged his final departure in the Stbella, bound to Ceylon, whence the passage to the Mauritius is usually short and favourable.- Observer, A ug 5. The Royalty Imposition.-The Gazette and Mining Journal, we are sorry to find, made a " total mis-statement" in asserting that the government intend submitting to the judg- ment of the Supreme Court in the royalty case. It is to be appealed to the Privy Council ; and in the last Government Gazette, bold as ever, the authorities defy the Supreme Court, by again proclaiming the (illegal) reservation of the minerals of a very large quantity of lands in the counties of Adelaide, Gawler, Hind- marsh, Flinders, and country on Spencer's Gulf, tobe sold on the 24th instant, a list of which will be found in the fourth page. South Australian, Aug. 1. Inquest.-On Monday last an inquest Was held at the village of Clare, on the body of a lad named William Hart. Deceased had taken out the sheep as usual in the morning, but did not return. The second day after he left, the sheep returned alone, and thirty-five of their number were missing. Search was imme- diately instituted, which was at* first unsuc- cessful. The body was at length discovered in a hole, much eaten by wild dogs. A post mortem examination was made by Dr. Chal- mers, who discovered that the skull was frac- tured, and a piece about an inch square was much depressed. The depression of the piece of the skull was sufficient to cause death, and must have been produced by a blow from some blunt instrument. Verdict-" Died of depres- , sion of the skull produced by a blow from a blunt instrument." - S. Australian, July 28. Murder by the Blacks.-A very dreadful murder has been committed in the district of Port Lincoln. A shepherd named Hamp, at the station of Mr. Pinkerton, on Lake New- land, about one hundred and twenty miles from the town, was found dead in his hut not many hours after he had been seen in health. He had no spear wound, but his head had been sawn down. The hand-saw, which had evi- dently been the instrument of death, was lying near him. The tracks of natives were visible about the Jiut The inhabitants of that part of the district have -already asked' for a police station in the neighbourhood, which has been refused, and it is to be feared they will be driven to take the law into their own hands, as native agression is frequent. Somthing in the nature of a protest to this effect has been laid before the Police Commissioner.-South Aus tj alian, July 21. Adelaide Share Market.-The principal feature since our last has been a renewed advance in Burra Burra shares, which bave now reached £185 cash, and more buyers at that price. £220 has been given in a six months' bill, and there are buyers disposed to repeat the transaction.-Register, Aug. 5. Anti-Royalty Demonstration. - Yester- day about a hundred and sixty gentlemen dined together, at the late stores of Messrs. Elder, in Hindley-street, to celebrate the legal extinction of the royalty exaction. The honorable Major O'Halloran, M.L.C., occupied the chair. Cap- tain Bagot and Mr. Hagen acted as croupiers. The gallant chairman waa supported on the right by Messrs. Fisher and Hanson, and on the left by Messrs. Paxton and Joseph John- son, two of the defendants in the late action. South Australian, Aug. 4. Smelting.-At length, as it would appear, smelting in this colony is likely to be under- taken in good earnest. We have now four separate parties in the field, viz., Messrs. Thomas, in the Mount Barker district ; Messrs. Owen and Penny, in the northern district; the Adelaide Smelting Company, at Yatala, near Adelaide ; and last, though possibly not least, Messrs. Schneider and Co., represented by the recent arrival, Mr. Walters. The three latter work under separate patents.-South Australian, Aug 4. Boiling-down Establishments.-Now that we have more animals in South Australia than can possibly be consumed as human food, and that it has become necessary, from various causes, and the want of herdsmen and shep- herds amongst the rest, to commence boiling down for tallow in this province, it may not be amiss to observe what is doing, or proposed to be done, in the adjoining elder colony, to pro- tect the public in tolerating the carrying out of operations so new to those who have lately quitted the scantily-fed denizens of the United Kingdom.- Observer, July 15. Weekly Periódica l.-The first number of the Adelaide Miscellany makes its appearance this day, and bids fair to command an exten- sive circulation, and furnish some pleasant and Instructive reading for the colonists in general, and those " far from the busy haunts of men" especially.- Observer, August 5. * Adelaide Markets, Aug. 4th.-Wheat, 5s. 6d. to 5s. 9d. per bushel ; flour, £15 per ton, tendency upwards ; oats, 4s. to 4s. 9d. per bushel ; Van Diemen's Land ditto, 5s. to 5s. 6d. ditto; English barley, 4s. 6d. to 5s.; Cape do., 3s. ; pollard, £5 to £5 10s. per ton, or Is. 2d. per bushel of 201bs. ; bran, Is. 2d. per bushel ; malt, 7s. per bushel. The 21b. loaf, 3d. to 3£d.-Register. Persons Missino.-The following persons, unless they shortly spring up, will be advertised by their disconsolate parties, and handsome re- wards offered for inlorraation of their where- abouts :-Mr. Disraeli, last heard of at,an elec- tion dinner in Buckinghamshire. Lord Brough ham, supposed to be m France. Lord Palmer- ston, suddenly disappeared since Mr, Chisholm Anstey's motion. The King of Bavaria, re Ejrted to be secreted by a person calling herself ola Montes. Lord George Bentinck, formerly at the head of a party which "has not been heard of since last session^ Several Kings, Princes, and Ministers are also missing; but as their affairs are no affairs of ours, we shall leave tbem alone in their glory, if they have any, and Jet I .those fintl them outt who wafttjhem.- Punch* 