Sydney News SNAKE BITES -The following letter f on snake bites »pppnre'd in the herald of 19th, December: - " To the Editors if the Sydney Morning Herald Gentlemen- Having read in the paper of to-day a fatal case of snake bite at the W. Creek, where you state you have not heurd whether the actual cautery ii.id been applied or not, it is quite apparent lo mp that it was not resorted to; if II had. mid that property, the deceased would in all probability be alive. The application of it 1ms H twofold purpose. First, the destruction <>l the character of the virus ; and, secondly, by breaking the connected chain of ab- sorbents, so that the virus could in no way enter thp system. This operation can be pprformed by any individual unacquainted with surgery, and is, therefore, a safe and -sure remedy in the hands of the ignorant, inasmuch as there is not thp slightest damage to be apprehended from hemorrhage ; the «lough produced by the cautery acts as a ligature on any adjoining vessel, and seals it up; the wound, after the slough separates, heals as a simple ulcer, and no had symptoms follow. But a more certain method of cure is the extirpation of the part by the knife, which is a more dangerous remedy than the former, and one that ought on no account to be resorted to hut by a professional man, the bite being frequently in the situation of a large artery, and if wounded by a person ignorant of anatomy, the patient would no doubt fall a .victim to hemorrhage. The »hove operations, if properly and boldly per- formed, will in no case prove fatal, provided they are done early, as the following case will illustrate:-Mrs. Tuckwell, residing near ihe Wesleyan Burial-ground, while attempt- ing to put out some clothing to dry trod ou a Miake, which caught hold of her by the ankle, and retained it for some considerable tune ; she was removed to the hospital in a baker's cart, suffering from all the symptoms generally produced by snake bites, »oporose, and on being roused frequently remarked that she would die, and seemed extremely anxious about her children. The bite was «Huated 'over the anterior tibial artery, and was bleeding a little. I encircled the part -with the fingers and thumb of the left hand, holding a scalpel with tny right, with which I extirpated the whole with one circular sweep of the knife down to the artery ; not a single bad symptom appeared after, and she is now in good health. I have recommended the first operation to several bushmen, who were totally ignorant of it, and glad of the information. Snake bites being prevalent in the bush, these operations will expunge the use of ipecacuanha, which 1 think is more to amuse and make the patient believe that something is doing to ensure relief than any actual benefit that can be derived from the use of it ; nnd until some satisfactory ex- planation can be given by those who have tried it how it acts in counteracting the effects of the viru9, I shall recognise it only as au empirical remedy.-I remain, with the above remarks on snake biles, gentlemen, -your«, See.,"THOMAS ROBERTSON, Surgeon. Parramatta, Deepinber 15." GOULBURN.-NEW HOSPITAL.-The con- tractors for our new hospital are making rapid progrees in the building. The trea- surer, the Rev. W. Sowerby, is also zealously engaged in raising funds for the same. During the present week he has been preach- ing in the country in different places nearly every evening, showing the, necessity for euch institutions, and after his* discourse soliciting contributions.. The subscription list since its commencement shows that £380 has been raided, and the list shows about 700 names.-Correspondent of the Herald. BATHURST -DEATH BY DROWNING.-On Wednesday evening last, as several children were playing on the banks of the river at O'connell plains, one of them, about three years old, a son of Mr. M. S. Finley, who is at present residing in that neighbourl.ood, fell into the 'water unperceived by his play- fellows, and when the child was missed they searched for biin and found him laying on his (ace among some weeds by the side of >lhe river; be was quite dead, for although there wus not much water, the weeds pre -vented his rising to escape.-Bathurst Ad vocrte, Dec. 16 ORDINATION.-The Bishop of Sydney held an ordination at St. Andrew's Church on Sunday. The prayers were read by the Rev. R. Allwood, and the Venerable the Arch- deacon of Cumberland presented the candi- dates, who were the Rev. R.L. King, B.A., for priest's orders, and Mr. George Edward 'Gregory, of St. James's College, Lyndhurst, for deacon's orders.-Herald, Dec. 19. PRODUCE SALES.-We are requested by Mr. Newton to correct an error in the re- port of his sale of Saturday last, viz. : for ?' Wool, 10 bales hnud-wushed, Atkinson's brand, of which 12 sold at 13d., and 7 at 1241\. per lb ;" read "wool 19 bales hand washed, Atkinson's brand, of which 12 sold rat 12d" and 7 at 12¿d. per Va.-Herald, \Qth December. ACCOMMODATION FOR IMMIGRANTS OF SMALL CAPITAL.-A gentleman with whom Mrs. Chisholm occasionally corresponds lias received a letter fruin her containing such a very valuable practical suggestion respecting .small capitalists arriving in the culony, that we have much pleasure in making public an extract from it. Mrs. C says, " Gentlemen having wives and families, and a capital ol from £11)00 to £2000, will waste a great deal of it if they trust to chance fur lodgings, Sec, when they arrive in Sydney; and what is ot still greater consequence, get indisposed tor a country life, buy useless turniiure, and incur many unnecessary expenses. When a suml) capitalist leaves the ship, he is to a ?certain degree in danger: there are so many cheap bargains, be is in such a burry to make money, ^abd fin tug his domestic expense» very^ heavy, he rushes into some foolish Speculation, ami loses his motley. * * * li think there are a number of small settlers -to whom it might bp un object to receive a family to board with tbem for a few months. Jn the neighbourhood of Camden, Maitland, Windsor, and Wollongong, there are many' small farmers to whom a few pounds for receiving a family in the way I propose would be acceptable. It would be very,easy to add a couple of s in ni I rooms to the end of. the mouse; if of slabs the cost would only he 3bout £5: in one room a bush bedstead of saplings and bark, and in the other a table; a couple ot benches and atdielf or two would be sufficient. It would be easy for a settler to say what he would charge tor such accom- modation as this-, and to find the parties in ¡firewood and water, and having a fixed price tor beef, fl uir, milk, eggs, Sea. To a small .capitalist this arrangement would be ad- visable, for while he was looking about bim, Ina wife and children would be recovering from the effects of the sea voyage, and .acquiring much knowledge which would be [Useful, to '|bein afterwards, and would be efficiently t protected during his occasional ,absence«. vAny settler who would undertake ', to receive a4amily on those terms would send ¡down his team und take the luggage from the. ship,, and no expense need be incurred .until,they were actually in .communication Vwjjl», tl\è .party requiring accommodation.? T^berp is "soi n\uçh good sense in the»e pro? pps.ils tliat. we shall bçf glad to see them carried out. The jiifficulty appears to be to get the iiewly>-aJ.ri>eitt;iinpii«ninf and Hie settler willmg to receiVe linn 111 cuinmuiu sel^lcrSjVlulüiz |o receive immigrants m (ne way pj^jjo.setÇ; ,>tíe ¡register should contain the luirae oJÇ|liKfa'rûi, distance from Sydney, ice!, NiMjfirson'.s name sholild he inserted on «he lift who is not certifiedto be a respectable man by~a. magistrate nnd a clergyman. To this list newly arrived immigrants might be referred, and tlie head of the family could go up to the place and make his own arrange- ments as to extent of accommodation and terms. We look upon this arrangement not so much as a matter of economy, but as affecting the future welfare of the immi- grants. It is in effect carrying out the sug- gestions which we made respecting cheap cabin passages a few days since. How many families are there who have to deplore the expensive habits and ta9tes acquired by the younger members during the voyage to the colony and in the hotels anti boarding houses in Sydney. By this plan the families would be removed from the ship to a scene much resembling that they are to occupy in future, and the allurements and vices of Sydney would be in a great measure avoided. The suggestion is a mo3t valuable one, and we shall bp glad to see it carried out.- Herald, Dec. 19. THE AUSTRALIAN MUSEUM.-A very valu- able addition to the contents of this insti- tution has just been received. The donor is Mr. William Fox, late Attorney-General at Wellington, and whp now fills the late Col. Wakefield's appointment as the New Zealand Company's agent. From the varied character of tlie jpresent, it would appear to he ti e nucleus of a private museum. Referring to the list made out by Mr Wall, the Curator, there appears 1,040 specimens of concbology, and 44 of the mineral kingdom ; all are superior, and many very rare and scarce. A similar remark applies to some fossil«, and there are also several sponges, corallines, and stalactites. Mr. Fox's gift also includes the first coins ever presented to the Museum ; the specimens number 87, of which 53 are silver and 34 copper. These are of English, Belgian, Danish, Spanish, (early) United States, French, Dutch, Germanic, Russian, Saxony, Guernsey, and East India Company's issue. There has also an addition been lately made towards the formation of a Zoological Garden by the gift of a live specimen from the Rev. W. W. Walker, of Liverpool, of a very fine great wedged tail eagle.-Herald. SILK CULTURE.-The lecture at the School of Arts last evening was one by Mr. Forster, on the culture of silk. We regret to stale that the inclemency of the weather had the effect of very seriously diminishing the average attendance of members : those, however, who encountered the obstacle, were amply repaid by the interesting manner in which Mr. Forster treated his subject. The lecturer premised, by stating, that the subject was one which bad occupied his attention during the last ten years; pursued, in the first instance, more as a pastime than with the serious hopes of any important results arising from the pursuit ; but soon considered with anxious interest, from being well assured that in its proper prosecution a mine of inexhaustible wealth would be opened to the colony, which, with only a trifling outlay of capital, and but small ap- plication of labour, might be brought into effective operation for the general advanlage of the community. The silk worm, or rather the silk caterpillar, Mr. Forsten-staTed, «us n native of China, and until about A.D., 555, the art ef manufacturing silk, was kepi a close .secret in the East, when' Justinian, having succeeded by stratagem in procuring a quantity of eggs, the culture of the worms, and the .manufacture of the article, was attained at Constantinople, from whence it bas, overspread the greater part of the civi- lized world. An interesting description of the history, habits, and treatment of the insect followed, with an account of the several varieties, was then given. As to the adaptation ol the Australasian climate to the rearing of the worm he observed-*' I am convinced (and I speak from a practiial ex- perience of nearly ten years, during whi< h period I have been experimentalising and acquiring knowledge, which persuades me more and more forcibly every season of the immense amount of wealth this colony is losing through our wool-gathering capitalists hesitating to put their shoulders to the wheel in right earnest to make one grand addition to our colonial exports) that no climate in the known world is better adapted to pro- mote the successful cultivation of both the food anil the insect. Here we require no artificial beats, as in Lombardy and ni Ame- rica, Bnd in the lower latitudes where the worm is cultivated. Nature, with very little attention to protect the worms from the effects of the sudden changes in the atmos- phere, which we daily experience in the early p irt of the hatching season-nature, I say, with this kindly care, performs the rest of the work." Five or six years ago he sent two musters of silk from here to a friend in China, for the opinion of competent judges thereon, and the reply was of tbe most fa- vourable kind as to its quality, though the reeling wns defective, which being a merely mechanical operation, would of course im- prove by experience. By means of two ma- chines Mr. Forster described the process and exhibited specimens of the colonial article. He then gave n succinct account of the art of rearing the worms ; and closed the lecture by requesting his auditors to bear in mind that it required three acres of land for twelve months to feed one sheep, the annual profit of which could not be set down at more than 7s 6d. ; while it only required one acre of trees to feed from forty to fifty thousand worms, which would yield a net profit of about £20 in about f Arce months. -Herald, Dec. 20. ROBBING AN EMPLOYER -On Monday a young girl of the name of Mary Ann Leo- nard, a girl of abont fourteen years of age, was brought before the police court, charged by her employer, Mr. H irris, the publican of the Jews' Harp, George- street South, with the theft of thirteen pence in coppers, a vinaigraette, and a purse. By the evidence adduced in support of the charge, it ap- peared that the prosecutor having a sus- picion that his till was being plundered of copper coin, marked two pieces, and that on Sunday forenoon these with other pence were found between the mattress and bed whereon the prisoner slept, together with the purse, but were not at the time removed, and no notice was taken ol the occurrence until the afternoon of that day, when, as Leonard was going nut, she was called back and searched, and the coin and the articles found on her. As it transpired in the course of the evidence on Monday that a watch had been lost from the housp, aud there was suspicion that the prisoner bad some knowledge of the theft, a remand was directed until yesterday, in order that inquiries might be instituted by the police respecting it Ou the case being re- sumed, yp«terday, Captain Innes expressed Ilia firm conviction, from the reports he had received, that the girl'was ignorant of the robbery of "the watch. The prosecutor's wife then confirmed the previous evidence of the theft ojL t.tíe>ha,lf-penee, tbe vinaigrette; and tljcpurse. Captain Innes remarked that as the;puEse. Captain innes remarked that as ^e'çba^gfijWijs prosecuted, and evidence in 8upport,ofr£%.Iit'id been given,"he, a» a magis- trate^ ha¿f nù/olher, course but, tu1 direct a f|o;mmittal. .,&eV;Íy3wever, eonld''{noÍi'help observing thal, before the proiecuTnr adopted this proceeding, it might have been well for him to pause-to have considered the fnture result consequent on the girl's being Bent to gaol, and thp evil effects she was exposed to whilst sojourning there for'some month or two awaiting trial. His own opinion on the contamination youthful offenders there" experienced, had been fortified by' soiúe- ' extracta be a few months since lind "read in the Herald from an English publication on "Juvenile Criminals." Some few remarks of a very forcible and feeling cbaracter~foI~ lowed, and which were sufficient to induce* two mere listeners to tüe_case to offer to, become bail for the chili!, which" was imme- diately allowed.-Herald, Dec. 20. PRODUCE.-Mr. Polack's sale yesterday comprised sheepskins and wool. The former sold at 3|d. per lb., and the latter (n0 brand) at 8Jd. per lb.-Herald, Deo. 20. SNAKES.-For several years past it has been rare to bear of snakes in the vicinity of the town ; within the last few days, bow ever, they have made their appearance. A short time «ince a valuable horse that bud been grazing at the rear of the lockup had laid down, when a large brown snake was observe ! to coil round the body of the horse ; I he latter alarmed, sprung up, and hit it with his fore feet. On Thursday, the 15th, a snake was observed near tlie shop door o( Mr. Peter White, in George->treet'; it made its way between the brick and wood-work of the shop front ; to get at it, it was fonnd necessary to pull down a part of the shop fruit; this disturbed the snake, and it got on the sill of the window; Mr. White at- tempted to' destroy it with a bal ten, bul f.uled in doing so. A Mr. Dalton, who was standing outside the window, seeing this, struck a spade through a pane of glass, and cut off the head of the snake ; it measured three feet six inches, was a drab colour, and of the most venomous species.-Bathurst Correspondait af the Herald. SUMMER HILL COPPBR MINE.-The re- port of Mr. Whitford, the mining captnin recently engaged, ir considered so very favourable, that the original subscribers have determined on forming a joint stock company, with a capital of £10,000.-Bathuist Corres- pondent of the Herald COALS AT LABUAN.-We pprceive thnt Mr. Henry Wise, of Cornhill, London has entered into an agreement with the Emigration Com- missioners, acting on behalf of her Majesty the Queen, for working coal nt Labuan. Mr. Wise is to select fifty acres of land, and to have the right of working coal under the ad- joining land, not exceeding five hundred acres in all, for which he is to pay a rent of £100, and the enormous royalty of two shillings and sixpence for every ton of coal raised, beyond one thousand tons annually, which are to be raised free of royalty : all the coals required by the Navy are to be supplied at eleven shillings per ton, free of royalty, and Mr. Wi-e is bound under a penalty of £500, to raise two thousand tons annually. The ngreement i» to remain in force thirty years, from the 1st July last. It does not appear that there is any restriction from similar grants being entered into with other parties.-S. M. Herald. 