SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. Saturday, April 7th—The brig Vixen, 126 tons, Coffey, master, from the Mauritius. Passenger—Mr Wm. Kingsmill, supercargo Same day—The barque David Malcolm, Smith, master, from London and Plymouth. Passengers —Dr Weymouth in the cabin ; and the following immigrants in the steer age—John Andrew and wife, Wm. Abbott wife and child (their infant daughter Lucretia died at sea), James Apple dore wife and two children, Wm. Adams wife and three children (their infant daughter Sarah died at sea, and ano ther daughter was born to them), W. Angel wife and three children, Joseph Angel wife and one child. Harriett Adams. Hannibal Bartiey and wife. Thomas T. Berryman Wife and five children, Charles Butler. John Burgess, Benjamin Brokeushire, James Bundey wife and five children Robert Cheek wife and five children, John Crispin wife and two children (one, a girl, born at sea), Nicholas Crowgey wife and three children, Henry Cross, Isaac Cross, James Dankerton and wife, John Dalwood and wife, Charles Dowden, Joseph Dunn and wife, Henry E. Eddy, William Fiances, Fanny Gillard, Samuel Gillard, Joseph Gilliard wife and child, Wm. Hicks wife and three children, Tbos. tlobbey wife and nine children, John Hart and wile, Ihos. Hicks, Elijah S. Harper, Wm. Jenkins and wife, George Johnson and wife, Mary Kent, Christiana Kent, Wm. Kent, Wm. Leaver, Jotin S. Lithgow and wile, Richaid Ltngman and wile, Ann Mitchell, Charles Masters and wife, Francis Mitchell wife and two children, John Martin and wife, W. C. Mortimer wife and five children (one, a girl, born at sea), George Oats wife and two children, Thomas Opie wile an dfour children, Ann Oates, Wm. Pengilly wile and child, Emma Palmar, Ann J Parkinson, James Phillip, Richard Pardon, John Pein. James Pappin, Mary Pappin, Joseph Pappin, Wm. Pappin, James Rule wife ar d infant son (burn at sea). Maigaret Roe, Jane Roe, Jane Saint, Robert W. Saint, Mary L'ddell, George Sanders wife and two children, Wm. Treinbath wife and two children (one, a son, horn at sea), John W. Tczen wife and two children, Jus. Trigger, Samuel Viney, Dorothy Woolven, Eliza Way, Emma Way, Jjhn W. Wilson, Wm. Whittaker wife and cb'ld, Lovedav Yeland, Elizabeth Yeland, Edward Perry svile and two children, Win Barwell wife and daughter (born at sea), George Brown wife and two children, Wm. Hawker wife aiid child. Donald Hepburn, Alex McAulay wife and two children, Joel Pcglar wife and child, Win. Taylor wife and five children, Ricbatd Dayey wife and six children, Charles Cross man wife and two children, Henry Couch wife and two children, Sarah Davis, William Bearman wife and two children, Joseph Simmons wife and four children, Solomon Levi wife and seven children. Sunday, April 8th—The iiarque Sir Charles Forbes, 863 tons, Prynne, master, lrora London. Passengers—Mr and Mrs T. W. Powell and five children, D. T. O'Brien, Mrs J. Bunce and three children, Dr Bunre and lady, E. C. Griffin, Miss Mary Ann Kii-.er, in the Cabin ; J. Alsop wife and seven children, A. Dawell, C. Hake, A. Denor, J. Woodforde, Clin lone Mandera, Jemima Simpson, W. P. Scott wife and five children. D. Sands wife and eight chil dren, W. Mylsta and witp, Ann Cloak, Eliza Burnett, C. Eddones and wife, J Aston wife and seven children, Char lotte Payers. Charlotte Berja and five children, H. Spier* wife and two children, R. Brecsey, J, Bill and wife, A. Green, F. Harper. M. Baitle wife and five children, Eliza Parsons, J. Coogier, H. Coogler, Mr Paul wife and child, R. Badden. Same day—The schooner Shamrock, 85 tens. Gray, master, from Launcc-slon. Passengers—J. Oherley, Mrs Turner, W. Reynolds, C, Moore, J. Barnes, J. Webb, J. R. Roberts, and A. Thompson. Same day—The schooner Joseph Albino, 141 tons, Allan, master, from Lauaeesion. Passengers—Mr Von Bibra, Mr Grigg, Win. Barrett, and John Mark. Same day—Tile barque Stirlingshire, Devlin, master, from Hobait Town and George Town. Passengers—Mrs Devlin and two children and servant, Mr Collins, Mr Notvell, and Mr Abercrombie, in. the cabin ; T. Dixon, J. So well, B. Coole, J. Herbert, J. L. Smith, G. Wallace, J. Sands, J. Fuihson, MrsFrayneand child, Miss Forrest, E. Jones, and W. Fletcher, in the steerage. Monday, April Siii—The cutter Midge, 18 tons, Dowsett, master, from Yorke's Peninsula. Cargo—5000 oysters. Same day—The schooner Lady Fora, 50 tons, Foyle, master, from Port Lincoln. Passenger—Mr Stevenson Cargo—35 tons copper ore. Port Lincoln Mining Company. Tuesday, April iOth—The schooner hlizabeth, from Ho bart Town. Passengers—Mr and Mrs Bowman. Passengers per Meicy {arrival reported in our last)—Mr Williams wife and two children, Mr Reeves, and Mr Wil liams. Passengers per Wild Irish Girl (arrival reported in our last) — Mr and Mrs Smith and two children, Mr Uthcr, and Mr L. Corcoran. SAILED. Sunday. April 8th—The brig Oak, 3-13 tons, M idealfe, master, for Liverpool. Sunday, April 8—The schooner Emma Sherratt, 94 tons, Cock, master, for Swan River. Passengers—ilrW. Spence, Mr WollasKiii, and Mr Matthews. Thursday, April 12th—The schooner Bride, 66 tons, J. Ross, master, for Hobai t Town. Passengers—F. Skipworth wife and two children, J. Skipworth, A. Skipworth, F. Skip worth, S. Skipworth, G. Skipworth, S. Skipworth, C. Skip worth, Win. Butis, W. Heid, Mr Kavan, Mr Webtngung. ' Same day—The brig Arpenleur, 95 tons, Raiiis, master, for Swan River. Passengers—Mr Owen and Mr Sullivan. CLEARED OUT. Friday, April 13lh—The brig HaCjon, 240 tons, Tulloch, master, for Launccston. Passengers--Mr and Mrs McCar mac, and Miss McCarinac, in (lie cabin; and three consta bles, with nine prisoners of the Crown, in the steerage. iarpoETS. Cargo of the Vixen—104 baits. 50 calks rum, and 18 tons ccals, original cargo from London, Cargo of t'-e David Malcolm—4 cases, 3 balei, R. F. Macgecrge; 5 cases, John Roberts; 2 ba'es, 3 cases, M'Nicol & Young; 1 case, R. Miller & Co. ; 14 cases, Lyall, Scott & Co.; 17 cases, 4 biles, S. Hart; I box, R. B. Lucas; 3 boxes. Lord Bishop of Adelaide ; 10 crates, J. Morpbett; 2 machines, 2 cases, J. L. Arnold ; 2 cases, J affray ; 3 cases, 17 boxes, 21 chests, 5 casks, 2 barrels, 4 kegs, 3 bags, 2 packages, K. Stuckey ; 35 cases, 14 casks, 1 box, 20 hbds, 433 deals, C. & F. J. Beck; 5 cases, S. Hart. Cargo of the Sir Charles Forbes—29 crates, 47 boxes, £3 casks, 9 bhtis, 150 cases, 32 qr-ensks, 10 barrets, 15 chests, 13 bags, 45 onndief, A. Thomson; If) casks, 13 bundles, 11. Parker; 2 cares, J. R. S. Fowler; 1 case. Miss E. Timbell; i case, Miss Cbullenor ; i cask, I case, J. Morphett; i case, A. (i. Cater; 137 kegs, 1 box, 7 casks, 13 bundles, 10 axles ] and bushes, 12 arms, 200 ovens and covers, 20 sbare moulds, 222 bushes, 5 iron ploughs, 7 anvils, 6 cases, Blyth Bro (hers : (6 boxes, 2 bundles, 1 cask, J. Aston ; 4 cases, 1 .bale, McNicol & Young; I case, A. Scott; 4 casks copper, 1 box silver, E. Stephens ; 2 chests, 14 casks, 5 barrels, 4 bags, 2 hhds. 3 carotels, 8 cases, S Stuckey; I case, Wm. Samson ; 4 pkgs, 51 trusses, 2 crates, 2 macs, 1 frame, 1 lead castor, I basket, 2 casks, I 1 boxes, 1 paper parcel, 18 cases, A L- Eider & Co ; 7 casks, 2 cases, 1 keg, 1 pkg, I box, T. W. Powell; '2 rases. A. Forster; 36 casks, Captain Prynn; 4 cases, 59 bundles, 11 casks. 46 kegs, 1 bag, 3 loose chairs, 4 hbds, G8 arm moulds, 100 camp ovens and cove.s, 69 pots and covers, 35 moulds, Younghuabsnd and Co.; 10 biles. 10 cases. S. Hart ; 2 hbds, 12 qi-easks, 122 esses, Munich ;re & Co.; 6 pianos, R. Bunce; 1 parce', Hillier. Cargo of the Mercy—3S0 tons coals, 6 ditto salt, Order; 2 hbds brandy, 5 qr -casks ditto, I qr.-cask wine, 8 crates earthenware, 1 bairel ditto, 2 boxes pipes, 92 cheeses, R. Pizzard, v'argo of the Stirlingshire—\ case glass, 13 packages apples, 16 hampers. 71 furnace bars, 10 furnace plates, 10 pots, 25 ingot moulds, 2 wheelbarrows; 72 rabbet beads, 1 box iron work. 8 iron wheels, 1 spring cart, 1 set harness, 1 set scales, 3 hlids beer, 1 barrel jam, 27 bags malt, 11 casks apples, 20 bs^g onions, 2 cases cakes, 5 boxes candles, 1 cask giuger, 3 bags dates, 1 cask prunes, I box ditto, 8 chests salad oil, 4 cases ditto, 4 cases jam, 5 casks ditto, G ditto raspberry vinegar, 1 ditto boots, 4 casks 14 cases fruit, 1 cask 4 cases hardware, 2 casks 12 crates crockery, 1 box apparel, 1 pkge. iurniture. 139,175 feet timber, 85,000 laths, 76,000 shingles, 16,580 paling, 7 bags onions, 1 box shoes. Cargo of the 14id Irish Girl—2 packages merchandise, M. Bennett; 5 ditto tobacco pipes, Bakewell and Martin; 2 boxes, 2 cask, 1 crate tinware, Order; i case, 41 cedar boards, A. Macintosh ; 2 bullock-drays, F. Hunt; 6 casks molasses, S. Col sack ; 1 lithographic press, 3 carboys, 3 cases sulphuric acid, 2 crates bottles, A. L. Elder, & Go.; 1 carolel currants, 4 cases 20 boxes tea, M. & 6\. Marks; 14 packages merchandise, G. O. Gill ; 3 cases, i cask, Mon tefiore & Co.; I htid apothecary's glassware, 1 case drugs, i F. II. Faulding; 2 casks British goods, M. D'Arcy ; 2 cases biscuits, Order ; 40 boxes mould candles, Samson and Wickstead; CG packages merchandise, T. Hope; 90 chests | tea, 20 half-chests ditto, 1 case matches. Order; 1 case sta tionery, Manager Bank of Australasia; 2 bales paper, I cask honey, M, D'Arcy; 10 boxes hats, J. Forbes; I cask ditto, Montefiore & Co ; 10 tons coals and timber. Order. Cargo of the Joseph A bino—2 eases Boor-cloth, 29 coils rope, 16 casks cement, 2 bales calico, Montefiore & Co., 35 cases pickles, 10 do. mustard, 31,400 palings, 1 bale clothing, 1 cask wine, 40 boxes candles, J F. Bennett; I hole sheep skins, 5 pockets hops, 134 bogs oats, 18,200 palings, 20 cases fruit, 20 do. candies, Grigg ; 11 barrels fruit, J- Allan. Cargo of the shamrock—10 casks oatmeal, 6,000 palings, 200 bushels oats, 2 drays, 1 cart. Order ; 1000 bushels oats, 7,000 palings. Order ; 4 horses, W. Barnes; 1 gig, 6 horses, 80 bushels apples. Order; 2.cases slops, Solomon, Cargo of the Mary Anae—100 boxes glass, 290 bagsssit. I cask rock salt, 807 bars iron, 100 bundles ditto, 1 box, 1 cask, 30 hlids, 2 carriages, 74 tons coal, 60 casks rum, 10 do, brandy. Amman & Co.; 1 box, Order. Cargo el tlitt ii!isabeth—-2i cases.apple3, 2 cases preserves, 28,000 feet timber, 20,000 shingles, 18.0C0 lathe, 5000 pa 1 ngs, W. Yuunghuaband & Co. EXPORTS. Cargo of the Oak—422 tons copper ore, South Australian Mining Company. Cargo of the Emma Shcrratt—1 case, \V« Council; 50 bags flour, G Shenton ; 4 boxes oilmen's stores, 23 bags bran. 10 do. sharps, 1 pocket hops, Order; 1 case, I bundle, Q. Leake; 20 bags flour, 1 case wine, Pace. Cargo of the Aipenitur—376 bags flour, 100 do. bran, 20 do. sharps, 50 do. barley, 9 bales leather, 5 packages sad dlery, 29 cart arms, 2 axles, 3 casks hardware, 2 bundles, I box starch, 1 bundle wick, 4 packages lemon syrup, 1 pair wheels and axle, 400 ingots copoer ore, 3 keg3 nails, 3 bun dles iron, 4 casks ironmongery and shoes, 1 case ironmon gery and shoes, 1 pocket hops, 3 anchors, 6 baskets soda, t bag nails, 4 casks whisky, 4 tierces beef, Itidley & O weu ; 74 ash oars, 19 bars iron, 1 cask pitch, 2 casks tar, S90 kan garoo skins, 37 boxes tea, 1 bag dates, part of original cargo from King George's Sound. Cargo of the Bride—34 bags sago, G. M. Waterhouse. Cargo of the Haicyon—59 hhds rum, C. & V J. Beck; 1 case British goods, Monlefiore & Co.; 1 case slops, Wild. Miscellaneous Shipping. The barque Spartan, 364 toua, Pain, master, left Plymouth, for Port Adelaide, on the 28th December, with goods and passenger*. The barque Sarepta, after knocking about in ad verse weather, put into Milford, and sailed finally for Port Adelaide on the 20th December. The barque Camilla was loading at Leith for this port, to s&il; in the middle of January* The barque Duchess of Clarence, 270 tons, Birch, master, was loading at Liverpool for Port Adelaide—to suii 15th January. The barque Ancient 23riton cleared out at New port, on the 21 st December, for Port « dvlaide. The following vessels were laid on, in London, to follow i he David Malcolm.-— Sltbotiheath (ship), 1013 tone, Savgemt, master, with, emigra; t*. Susannah (barque), 6 14 tons, Lukey, master, with emi grants. John Mitchell (batque), 402 tons. Douglas, master, goads and passengers. EUerska (barqu*), 230 tons, Pagen, master, goods and passengers, William Hyde (ship), 532 tons, Steward, master, with goods and passengers. Calcutta (barque), 389 tons, Pynn, master, with goods and passengers Posthumous (barque), 389 tons, Davison, matter, with goods and passengers. Royal Sovereign (ship), 637 tons, Dealandes, master, with goods and passengers. Dorothy (barque), 483 tons, Moodie, master, wi:h gccds and passengers. The brig Phantom, 150 tons, Fox, master, w„s to leave Sydney about the 21st March, with the following passengers Mr and Mrs Singleton, Mr and Mis (1. a. Penny child and servant, Mrs Birnett, Miss Pie, Miss McKenzie. Mrs J. S. Robertson, end Mr and Mrs Suiuglie, iii (he cabin; vita a ler^e number in the steerage. Tha Phantom has been thoroughly overhauled on tbe patent slip, and new coppered She will run in the Adelaide trade with her usual punctuality—her owners sparing no expense in enabling her to maintain her standing as an " A1 fast Bailing clipper brig." Nautical Facts Occurrences. A tank vessel—fitted with tanks, force-pumps, hoses, &e.;—now supplies tbe shipping in Table Bay with, so mucb satisfaction, that a second end larger vessel ts neatly ready. The water is supplied from the springs ot Table Mountain, wbica has lung been in such high estima tion, that, in the flourishing days of the Danish East Ind a Company, tbe men-of-war of that nation, which frequently put into Table Bay, were required to bring home a few pipes filled with Cape water tot the use of the Royal Fa mily. In the "Naval Officer's Manual" of the excellent and lamented Capt. Glasscock, U.N., there is a real case « f what Captain Mat ryatt very p'operly calls "club-hauiing." After describing the perilous situation ol tbe ship (the Magnificent, 74) between Chusseron and the Isle ot tihe. in the neighbourhood of the Basque Roads, drifting from her anchors and momentarily approaching tbe reefs, the author goes on, ia tbe words that follow, to describe tbe means employe! to rescue her from destruction "When every preparation had been made, and tbe officers and men la their respective stations, ready to act on the shortest notice, the captain (Capt. Hayes) placed himself in a chair ct tbe larboard gangway, to watch the heaving of tho lead. The intense anxiety kept up by the soundings varying from one to three fathom*, may bo imagined, bo: cannot be described. The gale, accompanied by lain, continued with unabated force, and tbe heavy sea breaking upon tint reef astern produced frightful flashes, which, in the darkness of the night, rolling over tbe rocks, might have been likened to mating masses of fire. Tbe day bad scarce dawned, when tbe quartermaster attending to the deep sea lead, declared the ship to be driving. The spare anch'-r was instantly let go, wbicb providentially brought her up again: nevertheless it was but too certain that tbe ship could uot be held mucb longer ty cables which bad been chafing so many hours on sharp and rugged rocks. The wind was now at west. St. Marie Church, on Isle tthe, bore east. Tbe gale increased; but the fa vourable change ia the wind was counterpoised by a strong lee cur reir, and a heavy cross sea on her bow. Tbe suu bad already reached the meridian, and tbe captain, feeling it impossible to sus tain through another long night, the intense anxiety of that of the preceding, thus addressed tbe French pilot: —' Pilot, can yon save tbe ship?' ' By gar, no,* was the desponding reply of the foreigner. Orders were then given to sway up tbe lower yards to three-fourths of their usual height; to secure the top-mast close down, leaving tbe topsail yard to work on the caps; to pass the largest hawser through the starboard quarter port, and to bend it to ibo cable on the spare anchor, for the purpose of acting as a spring in canting the ship to port, previously to catting the ccbies ; but, at tho instant of binding the hawser, the cable parted, and it was ultimately bent to the small bower cable...... Whilst preparations were being made on beard of the ship the enemy was not idle on the laud, but busily occupied in placing a number of horses and carts along the coast, to carry off all that mi^hl prove worth taking from the ex pected wreck," The Captain now saw the necessity of making'ao appeal to the ship's company, and thus addressed the auxioua crew:— "My men, you most by this time be sensible that our si nation I • one whisb rails f >r tbe utmost exertions of all; it is, in fact, one of life or death. The orders you are about to receive of me ate new, aud mar ptrhaps appear extraordinary. You must, nevertheless, execute them on the instant, without a moment's hesitation; in wbiolx case, I trust la God, I may be able to briog the ship in a nfe posi tion iu a few minutes after the cables are cu'. Oa the other liaud, should yon unfortunately hesitate, or become unsteady, and keep sails fast ordered to let fall, or let fall those directed to lie kept fast, or, in short, not exert yourselves to tbe utmost in tbe execution of tbe orders you will receive, life cannot be ours beyond five minutes. " After this address, tbe spring was hove iu to a tolerable strain. The master was directed to attend at tbe bits, and see that the car penters cut the rabies the lustaut the word was given. Ail being ready, aud the greater number on bord being in expectation of a wateiy grave, tbe cables were cut. The heavy sea on the larboard bow acting against the spring", caused it to snap; it was Immediately cut by the axe provided for that purpose, to prevout retarding the ship's stern way; the helm was put hard to startoard, the fore stay sail hoisted - the fore top-sail leL fell and sheeted heme— tbe fore sail let fall —the tack hauled on board and tbe sheet roused aft. Ail the sail was Sat aback and set in less than half-a-miuute. The ship's head paid rouud qxickly towards tbe reef. When the wind became abaft tbe beam, the mizen top-sail was let fell and sheeted borne, and the helm shifted. When tbe wind came right aft, the main top sail was let fell aod sheeted home; the mainsail was next looted, the tack hauled on board, the sheet roused aft, and the mixeu top sail, cross-jack, acd raaiu top-sail yards braced up for the starboard lack. Th s canvas being set on the vessel, the Captain exclaimed. ' Hip ship's snved.' This manoeuvre, from (he cuuing of the spring till the requisite sail was set, did not exceed two minutes. At toe moment that the ship1* head w-s iu the direc ion of the cocks, aod theo oulj Ju fire fathoms water, the vessel made a desperate plunge; aud ou hauling to the wind, the seud ef the sea did not leave, by the' soundings, more than a tingle foot of water under the keel* TUs. ship was shoitly afterwards anchored in Basque llo&ds.;" Captain Marryati'6 description of'the same manoeuvre is as truthful as highly- wrought fictiou c.n be; hut Capttiit Glasscock vividly describes a real occurrence under his own. eye. The ship Alexander, of Duudee, left Calcutta* in April last, tor Loudon. When about a month at si a, Mr Latta, tbe chief officer of the ship, while on duty one evening, caught an eagle. After keeping the bird two d-ye, he proposed to Captain Inglis, the commander of the ship, that tbe bird should be released. This was accordingly done. A small piece of leather with the name oi tbe ship, and (he latitude and longitude, was tied to the bird's neck, and tbe bird took its flight. Strange to say, ibis same bird was caught by an American whaler 2.200 miles distant from tbe place it left the abip Alexander. Tbe news came to London by a sbip irom tbe island ot Ceylon, who spoke, the whalei and saw the bird. Vessels with double keels hare beet* more than once attempted with indifferent success: failure in one instance, at Plymouth, was owing to (he attempt to manage the double vessel wub one rudder, (in the Dee the experi ment promises to be successful. The Cbet-ter Cc.'urcr.t says that at o late meeting ot the Kny»i Dee Yocbt Ciuli, Mp Scott Walker exhibited a number of very interesting models ot vessels, constructed on a new principle, with a double keel. Tbe chiet objects aimed at a>e a veiy shallow dralt of water, combined with great xifery and speed, and a pecu liar adaptation tor (be use of the screw as a ptopeiiing power or we should say screws—as the modi 1, built to represent a steam vessel, carries a acrew at each keel, which, revolving in opposite directions, (hough woiked by the aama engine, produce a pteudineag and equality in tbe motion of the vessel hitbei to uuattaiued, One of these models repre sented a vessel of 200 (one, and Mr Walker assured (he party assembled, that ou the nicest calculation, itud allow ing for inc'deutal circumstances, a vessel buiit ca the liuea oi tbat model wi uld not, with its biudeu, draw more tbuu three feet water, 