GERMAN IMMIGRATION. Abridged from the Argus. A meeting convened by his Worship the Mayor, was held at the Royal Hotel yesterday, for the purpose of considering the subject of German immigration to this province, with reference to its en- couragement and proper regulation. The meeting waited until half an hour after the appointed hour, but his Worship was unable to attend, having been engaged in other public business. Dr. Black moved, and J. Hodgson, Esq. seconded, that C. H. Ebden, Esq. do take the chair. Mr Ebden having briefly stated the oc- casion of the meeting, called on Mr Westgarth; who explained that there were two objects in calling the meeting-the first was to give informa- tion, through the medium of the Press, that a vessel was shortly expected from Hamburgh or Rotterdam with about four hundred German immigrants, of a well assorted class, and suitable to the wants of the colony; the second object was to appoint a committee of a few persons who took an interest in German immigration, to act in assisting the Germans on their arrival. He would also mention that Messrs Ebden, Hodgson, and others had hitherto incurred considerable trouble in reference to, the settling of the Ger- mans, and it was proposed to re- lieve them by the appointment of a paid secretary, a German-who understood Eng- lish, and had been highly recommended. He (Mr. Westgarth) should be able to afford him some business, which, with fees to be charged to parties hiring the emi- grants, would make up a living; that, however, would be a matter for the com- mittee to arrange after their appointment. The vessel now expected was called the ' Emmy,' one of the largest ships in Ham- burgh, belonging to Messrs Goddefroy, and, like all their ships, well found in every respect. Of the four hundred emi- grants expected by her, ten families had been specially ordered by Dr Thomson, under the Colonial Regulations about two years and a half ago, and would be taken charge of by Dr Thomson on their arrival. Twenty-five or thirty families were vine dressers, in which calling they were thoroughly bred and educated, and would bring certificates with them. He had recommended the Messrs Goddefroy to allow them credit on half the passage money, £6, which he had represented the parties who engaged them here would have no objection to pay, provided they were thoroughly trained in their vocation. He had recommended that this credit should be given to adults, and that families only should be sent out until arrangements had been made for receiving miscellaneous groups of Germans. Those who were 14 and upwards would, therefore, come with a debt on them of £6, which their em- ployers would be expected to pay. He had represented, also, that in all probability the Colonists would take whole families into their service, and it was desirable that they should either do so or provide them with service and wages in the neighbour- bood. When the Germans proceeded into the interior, he thought it would be easy for them to be allowed a small plot of ground to cultivate and grow vegetables, in which condition they would be quite happy; the females and other members who were employed might work on the land, and this they considered the acme of happiness. Children under 14 he had advised should not be burthened with a credit, because it would be impossible to find them employ- ment, with the debt on their head. With regard to the rest, about 200, they were chiefly agriculturists as he had recom- mended, and at the same time he had given the agent some strong remarks against sending artisans or tradesmen; that in fact was where they committed a blunder in the first instance. It was not so much the fault of the times, for events in Germany, had made artizans more destitute than peasants, and they were sent away, as an act of charity- some here and some to Adelaide. He had told the agent, that experienced vine- dressers might expect about £20, for adults of eighteen years and upwards, upon their entering into an engagemlent for three years or less; and if they gave satisfaction to their employers, the £6 passage money was not to be deducted; so that the rate of wages, in that case, would be £22 or £23 a year, a low rate of wages for vine-dressers, such as he expected to find them, but it had to be considered that their services could not be made fully available at first, from their not understanding the English language. Those members of families who were 14 and under 18 years of age, he had re- presented might expect about £10 a year, but, out of that, they were to pay their own passage debt, unless they were nearly 18, and in that case he thought they should be treated as adults. There was also another business which he wished to bring before the meeting, in reference to which, he and Mr Ebden had an inter- view, yesterday, with His Honor Mr La Trobe. It was desirable to form a settlement as a sort of home for Germans- a kind of reunion-and they had some conversation with His Honor the Super- intendent, on the most desirable mode of proceeding, which was admitted to be by dealing directly with the government, and not with private parties. He thought they should be able to accomplish this, though difficulties had occurred, as His Honor appeared to be in every way disposed to favour the objects of that meeting, to the greatest extent, as indeed he had all along on the matter generally. It was also de- sirable that a German clergyman should be settled in the proposed township; he expected one would arrive, if not in the next vessel, very soon afterwards, as no party of emigrants ever leaves Germany without a clergyman or missionary, either accompanying or following them, and he was surprised that one had not arrived already. He thought, however, that, as a general rule, the German emigrants would do better if scattered about the country, in service, than located in villages; and he had very little doubt they would soon find that out, and, like others, would con - sult their own interest. Mr Ebden said, had he not been chair- man he should have offered some remarks which his present position precluded him from making. Had the meeting been more numerously attended, evincing that the people generally took any interest in German immigration, he should have thought it right to put them in possession of some facts before their aid was called upon. Speaking candidly, the German immigrants who had arrived were as bad a lot as any ever sent to the country, and were not at all the men they required. This was to be accounted for by the fact that they consisted of men who had been rooted out from where the greatest amount of poverty existed, and emigrated to escape enlisting in the army. As a people, they were not a creditable sample of their own country-they were wanting in the common feelings of honesty and industry which characterised the German race. Notwithstanding the amount in which they were indebted to Messrs Goddefroy, with the exception of one or two pounds, not a shilling had been paid by any of them. Another proof was, that although that meeting had been publicly convened, there was not one of the Germans present, and though many of them had done well, and made money, they would not be found willing to lend a helping hand to those who were expected to arrive. They had found it so after the arrival of the first and second vessel, and so they would find it again; their fellow-countrymen did not come forward to offer any assistance. It was for these reasons-for the heartless- ness and ingratitude evinced by the Ger- mans-he had no wish to continue to act on the Committee. Mr Westgarth said it was true some of the emigrants were a bad lot, but the Ger- mans as a people, were proverbially good, honest, and industrious. Still he was gratified to learn that those who had ar- rived were doing remarkably well, and were a benefit to the colony. He had two in his employ, who were the best workmen he ever had in any country; about one fourth he believed had turned out indiffer- ently and bad, but of the Germans as a people, there was not one out of five hun dred, but what would "come up to the mark." Mr Foster asked, as one quarter of the emigrants had turned out indifferently, and as it had been remarked that one to five hundred was about the proportion of bad to good in Germany, wat cause was to be assigned, and what reason had they for expecting better results in future. Mr Westgarth explained that in the first instance, a number of very good emi- grants, Moravians were getting ready to leave Germany under a leader, which was the usual way there, when the revolution broke out, and a number of the young men were drafted off into the militia, this reduced the party to about 200, and the next obstacle was the Danish blockade, which again reduced the party to 100. Mr Foster had heard complaints from some of them, that inducements had been held out them, in which they found them- selves disappointed; for instance it was said that land would be allotted to them on their arrival. Mr Westgarth said the agent was a very sanguine man, and might have over- colored the matter, but he was not aware of it. All that had been represented by him was, that he thought families could obtain a small plot of ground from their employers, for the purpose of cultivation. In reply to another enquiry- Mr Westgarth said that it was custo- mary amongst Germans to take degrees as tradesmen whenever they could, for agriculturists were persons of a standing, scarcely superior to what were called paupers it England. If they had been staying for any time in a town they would endeavour to pick up a trade and pass as tradesmen. It had been discovered that some of those who arrived here were vine dressers, although put down in the list as tradesmen, and instead of £1000 bounty money for the first lot they only got £74. Mr Foster proposed that the following gentlemen, with power to add to their number, three to form a quorum, be ap- pointed a committee to carry out the ob- ject of the meeting:--Messrs Ebden, Hodgson, Wrede, Rucker, Westgarth, Buddee, Hoffman Mags, Dr. Caspersonn, Dr. Black, and Alderman Kerr. H. Moor Esq. seconded the motion, and the resolution was then carried. 