FOREIGN AND COLONIAL FRANCE. The French Electoral Law was finally passed by an immense majority. The President of the Assembly announced that the elections would take place on the 13th May, and that the Legisla tive-Assembly would be ready to meet on the 27ih, but as that day falls on a Sunday. the first sitting would take place on Monday. May 28. The" Estafette says, " It appears that M. Napoleon Bonaparte is about to quit Paris for Ma drid where he is appointed Minister Plenipoten tiary. M. Marrast had heen re-elected Presi dent of the National Assembly for another month, • houehl not until after a second ballot, no member having obtained a suflcient number of votes the first time. A report is circulated in the best in formed circles in Paris, that a treaty has actually been signed between the five powers for the mainte nance of the treaties of 1815. The treaty is said to be dated the 5th of March. The National confirms the intelligence that England had formally notified to France her re fusal to join in the demonstration in behalf of the Pope. M. Duchesne, editor of Le People, and M. Louis Mer'eard, author of a feuillettin. pub lished In that journal, had been sentenced, by de fault, by the Court of Assise of Paris, to impri sonment for four years, and to-pay a fine of 5 OOOf. The Moniteur publishes a decree of the President of the Republic, appointing thirteen captains and two lieutenants to command in the Republican Navy. The minister of the Interior has autho rised the prefects to deliver te all refugee Poles, who shall demand their passports to leave France, a supply of money to reach the frontier M. Boland, a baker, of Paris, has in vented a machine, which he calls an alverometer, by which he ascertains the panifiable qualities of flour. The following letter, dated Feb. 26, from the Sec.-General of the Archbishop of Paris, has been received by Lahr, one of the men condemned for the murder of General Breai and whose wife has just been delivered of a son:—' Be without disquietude, Monsieur, concerning the poor child who has just been born nnder such mournful circumstances. The Archbishop of Paris charges me to inform you that he adopts it, and that he will provide for all its wants. - Whatever may be your situation in the face of God and man, his ministry of mercy does not allow him to see in you anything hut an un happy lather. 1 hasten to send you this letter I hope it will impart some consolation to your mind, and that it will inspire you with gratitude to God." On the arrival of the prisoners in the affair of the 15th of May, at Bourges, they wereConveyed to the hotel of Jacques Cgeur, where they are im^ prisoned. Extensive military, and other measures were adopted to prevent disorder and inconvenience. Six prisoners, Sobrier, Quentin, Raspail. Blanqoi, Albert, and Barbes, were lodged in the tower of the hotel called the Tour de Ville, in which there are not fewer than eleven stories. Blanqui was placed"alone in a cell on the lowest story; Sobrier and Quentin occupy the story above; the next is occupied by the turnkeys; and Barbes, Raspail, and Albert are lodged separately. General Courtais (who is accompanied by his wife, who hasnever left him for a moment since his arrest), Thomas Flotte, Degre (the pompier), Borme, and Lorger occupy, the tower called Tour de Jacques Coeur. Each cell is cle<n, well aired, furnished with a bed, a table, a stove, two chairs, and other articles; and in each tower a room is set apart for the reception of the advocates, families, and friends of the pri soners. A contract has been made with a restau rateur to supply the food of the prisoners at 2f 20c per day. They are to have two meals a-day —breakfast, consisting of half a litre of wine and a p'ate of meat; the dinner, of half a litre of wine, a basin of soup, a plate of meat, and another of vegetables. The judges and officers of the parquet arrived at Bourges in the evening, and were re ceived with military honours. A great many of the jury had also arrived, but most of them had gone to Paris to pass the forty-eight hours which had to elapse before the commencement of the trial. Every preparation has been made in the Court for the trial. * ' ISABELLA OF SPAIN. The following statement appears ; in the iMadiid private correspondence of a daily paper: The anecdoie of the Queen's mysterious ap pearance in a domino, at the Countess de Montijo's masked ball, and her charming, erudite, aud w tty displays on .that occasion, which has been going the round of the journals here, is a mis statement, from beginning to end. It is true that Isabella II., who has a taste for disguising herself, even out o! the Carnival season, when the prosecution of some love intrigue induces her to dress as a Manola, went to the Countess's entertainment in a domino, and -behaved in such a wild, unbecoming manner, as to put to the blush the noble hostess; who in common with all her guests, recognised the 4 Merry Mon arch* the moment she appeared, for the simple reason, that it was previously known she would pay them a visit. An eye*witness of her conduct describes it- to have been most shantdess. Ac companied by a lady of the court, and closely masked, she promenaded the apartments, followed by a crowd of men jabbering bad Freuch and Italian, and exchanging high seasoned repartees with them. Sometimes she would catch'holdof the. arm of one of the hangers-on, and make him walk or dance with her until another caught her fancy. Of course every one pretended not to know ber. This disgraceful scene continued seve ral hours, and it was not until daylight that the de generate defendant of Isabel the Catholic retired to her palace." ItUSSIO-AUSTRIAN ALLIANCE. The Concordia has a letter from Peters burg of the 23rd February asserting that the Kusso-Austria alliance is based on the following stipulations :—" A marriage between lbs Emperor of Austria aud tbe grand Ptincess Anne.; an offen sive and defensive alliance ; the reception of Tur drey into this alliance; the maintenance of the trea ties of -1£15 { a guarantee for the claims of Russia on the duchies of Schleswig and Holstein. The Pesth Conner says :—" By intelli gence from St. ■ Petersburg, by a special convey ance, the Emperor of Russia, at a review of 40,000 men of the Guards, said pnblicly to the •t oops, that tbe circumstances of the Austrian era piie required that he ahould place at the disposal of his friend the Empe or of Aust-ia a .portion vf his military powe-. This announcement was re ceived by the 40,000 Guards with thundering shouts of 'Long live the Empeior of Austria 1''* PRUSSIA. An extract of a letter, from the Prussian capital saysGreat regret is expressed here for the death of Prince Waldemar, who expired at Mon ster some days ago. His complaint was disease of the heart. The gallantry of the Prince in joining the English army in India, and partaking in the dangers and glories of the Sutlej is well known. He was the second son of Prince William, uncle to the King of Prussia, and was in his thirty-second yeay, The Conrt has gone into mourning, and all classes Beem to lament the death of Waldemar. Hopes are entertained of a peaceable settlement of the Schles wig-Holstein question. The Earl of Westmoreland, the" British ambassador here, is reported to be on more gracious terms with the Prussian government than any ambassador from onr Court since the days of Frederick the Great. The mediative policy of Lord Palmerston has, in this case, at least, been be neficial, and all parties are pleased'with the cor diality existing between the Courts of St. James's and Potsdam. The revision of the constitution has come to a conclusion in the committee of the assembly, at Frankfort. The question of an hereditary chief of the empire was carried by 13 votes against 11. ' -y DENMARK. AND THE. DUClJjfss.t. r vTlib Dftfiish papers -contain atrCffieial 'proclamation"," debltfring thiit afi the ports .'hnd *river mouths of. Schleswig and Holstein are to be blocka ded o.n and from the 27th inst. The Islands of ALsen and Arroe, and other places which are ocoupied bv the King of Denmark's troops, are expcctM, ana the blockade of each place, will, cease, the moment it is taken possession of by Danish troops. tfHE/ WEST INDIES. Great numbers of persons continued to cross the IsthmuB on their way to California. The American steamer, California, was to leave Panama oh the 26th January with 4QD pac sengers. At Barbadoes, the sickness among the troops bod considerably abated. It was sopposed the crop would amount to 35,000 hogsheads, the largest for many years. Sugar.had improved in pace in many of ihe'West India iiUn's, owing to the re- action is England. • In Bolivia the forces of Qeneral Belzu had obtained a.complete victory over General Ve lasco. A general amnesty was proclaimed, and •ranquillity restored. " '} In Lima there was a great business in English goods, owing to ibc immense demaud for "alifornia Screrul vessels had sailed for the gold country. On the llth of February a riot took place in the Danish island of Santa Crux, and the authorities ordered the troops to lire ou the '•lack population. Several were, killed and wounded before order was restored. The Royal mail steamer, Avon, Lieut, Haste, R.N., had arrived at Southampton with the usual West Indian and Pacific mails. Tne Avon oame from St. Thomas, a distance of 3700 miles, with only one paddle wheel. Her freight of specie amounted to -1,029,000 dols., and she brought 30 passengers. The news was up to Feb. 13. SYDNEY. On Wednesday, June 27th Dr Dickson gave notice of his intention on the following Tues day to move in the Legislative Council, that an ad dress be presented to his Excellency the Governor, praying that he will be pleased to make a represen tation to Earl Grey, her Majesty's principal Secre tary of State for the colonies, ef the pressing neces sity for a snpply of labour in the town and district of Portland, accompanying the same with a request that his Lordship will instruct the Honorable the Land and Emigration Commissioners to dispatch one or more ships, with short intervals between their re-1 spective dates of sailing, direct for the above named destination. Each ship to contour at least 250 soul* of mixed emigrants; and antil the arrival of such supply that his Excellency will be pleased to issue his instructions to his honor the Superintendent of Port Phillip, that in the event of his Honor finding it impossible to induce emigrants to undertake a se cond voyage, he will cause to be forwarded to Port land and Belfast the exiles that may in the mean time arrive at Melbourne, or such a number of those men as it may be the desire of the colonists to re ceive. The ship Emigrant, with immigrants from London, was placed in quarantine on account of measles having broken out en board. The Helen, schooner, the Tweed, the Jane Scott, and other vessels had been lost between Sydney and the Clarence. The Revds. Messrs. Beamish and Russell have been refused priests' orders. It is said that the Bishop's leaning to Paseyism has had some influence in the matter. Mr' Charles Thompson, of Clydesdale, Windsor, grazier, has become insolvent; debts, £5322, deficiency, £1494. Mr Rowley, one of the city rate collec tors, has been churged with embezzling money of. the corporation. . Melbourne. Dr Lane, of the middle district, has been appointed colonial surgeon as successor to Dr Cussen, deceased. ^ . Br Kingdom, surgeon superintendentof the British Empire, immigrant vessel, had been charged before the police beneh with two cases of manslaughter, but after three days investigation was acqnitteS; the depositions in the cases, however, are to be forwarded to his honor the Superintendent. The doctor had brought charges against the nwuter, Capt. M'Bwen, for undue interference with the Doe tor's duties, and too great familiarity with the yodng women under U. «.«• The th' chief officer for neglect ef duty, so that it it e « pretty kettle of fish" altogether. , A Doctor Thomas had cut a Mr Milhgan s throat to save his life. This is-rather Irish, "though the worthy doctor does not hail from the Emerald W'Shepherd Clayton and Thomas Edwards have been sentenced to seven years on the roads far horse stealing. The young man Halloran, who was ap prehended in Belfast upon a charge of fng, was acquitted, but immediately again taken into custody on a charge of forgery. _ The Opening Ball at the St. ^tricks Hall, netted £59. This sp^ks well both for the principles and management of the St. Patricks so ciety. . Mr Foote report® that there is an abun dance of excellent coal at Lotitit Bay. A public meeting is to be beld at Geelong to arrange res pecting its working. • Alexander Richard Larimuor has filed bis schedule in the Insolvent Court; debts, £561, deficiency, £546. The Herald office had been levied upon for the town rate, but it was at length paid under protest. Catarrh has again broken out with en creased violence at the Broken River. We observe the name of Mr George Ar den, formerly of the ^ the list of passengers by the WtUtam Wattm for California. VAN DIEMEX's I.AND. Holloway, the notorious bushranger, has been executed. Mr. Montagu, the late Puisne Judge, h-mug lodged hie appeal before the Privy C°uncl'' the appointment, of air. Home to the Bench, and Mr. Fleming a. Attorney General, have beeaap proved of only provisionally. ft is not, expected that Mr. Montagu wilt prosecute the appeal. Mr. Stone, the Crown Solicitor and clerk of the peace, who had gone hoouron leave of absence, being now returned, succeeds Mr. Fleming as Solicitor General. Mr. Smith, who had* received that ap pointment subject to Mr. Stone', return, succeeds that gentleman as Crown Solicitor aud Clerk ol the Peace. The Victor has brought the orders for considerable changee in the comn>i»ariat depart ment. The Account office is to be done away with, and the temporary clerks dismissed. Mr Hay ward returns home. Of the IhreeAssistant Deputies, one goes to Swan River, "^herto Hongkong, and the third is attached tothatde paitment now presided over by Mr. Maclean. The Treasury Clerk is to be provided fer elsewhere. Mr. Maclean himself is to be relieved, though we believe he has the option of remaining, should he choose to do so. In the Ordnance too, there are to be con siderable changes, affecting the very co«utnt,on of the department. Among the rest, the control over it is to be transferred altogether. HEW ZEALAND. Much discontent is expressed at the ex travagant expenditure of the Government, it appears the revenue of 18t8. » leae ijj*" qis, 1*47. by £1,018. The preeent expenditure to Slst December amounted to £39.224. of which sum e British Tressnry supped £26.224. The fiis quarter of 1849. £10,974 has been spent. and^at the beginning of May, the teGwermment ftwdhw. peuded payments. Taxation at Por n(» equal to £4 per head for every man, woman and Ch-Port Cooper has been fixed opon as the site for the Canterbury settlement^ -nd.he fimt batch of labourers snd ^m^i, of available land in the immediate neighbour. shipped from iNei Plymouth, with the* intention of trying It in thh Sydney Market. The oreis eaid to conlain65 ner cant of pure iron % and some samples which hid been smelted with v«ry iinperfectapparata-, had b«en pronounced eqnal to Swedish. The sup ply ef ore is inexhaustible and assy of access. A coal depot is to be formed at Otago, for the supply of her Majesty's steamers. The Government of New Monster bad resumed payment on the Sftfc May. and a number of theofacers had received 4fc»ir salaries.^ On tbe 12tb May, • «nart ^J11 esrthquske «u fel»«tPof«rty Bay,.East Coast 