THE SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1849. " Sworn to no Master, of no Sect am I." LATE ENGLISH NEWS. BY the arrival of yesterday English news to the 8th March has reached the colony, but owing to the ship Emigrant having been placed in quarantine we have no complete files later than the 21st Feb- ruary. We commence our abstract of the lead- ing events with a summary of the pro- ceedings in Parliament. On the 5th February Mr. Gibson pro- posed that no speaker should be allowed to address the House for more than one hour 'Hie motion was negilued by 96 to 62. The remainder of the day was occupied in merely formal business On the 6th February Sir George Grey mo\ed for lea\e to bring in a bill for continuing the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland for six mouths 'Ihpre was v.ery little opposition to the motion, which was carried byamajouty of 221 lo l8 Mr C ANSTI-Y moved for leave to bring m a bill (the same as was negatived last session) to repetí enact- ments imposing certain disabilities on Roman C.itholies, winch was íefused. On the 7th February the CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER moved for a grant of ¿650,000, for the purpose of granting re- lief to certain Unions in the west of Ire- land. The discussion ^lasted several hours, when it ivas postponed until the 12th. On the 8th February Lord CAMPIIELL introduced a bill to abolish the punish- ment of transportation for simple larceny. In the House of Commons Sir li. II. INGLIS moved for and obtained a return of the communications respecting the rank of Roman Catholic prelates in the co- lo uies. In the House of Lords on the 9th February, a brief but interesting con- versation occurred on the subject of emigration to Canada. The Marquis of LANSDOWNE then moved the appoint- ment of a committee to inquire into the operation of the Irish Poor-Jaw. The motion was agreed to, but Lord STANLEY expressed his full conviction that the defects of the present law were so obvious, that Ministers ought at once to proceed to legislate on the subject. In the House of Commons, Mr. LABOU- CHERE gave notice that on Monday he should submit a resolution on the subject of the navigation laws. Mr. ROBINSON endeavoured to draw from Mr.LAii TUCHE RE the nature of the alterations about to be proposed ; but the attempt was unsuc- cessful. The remainder of the sitting was occupied with a discussion on the bill for further suspending the Habeas Corpus Act in Iieland. The lush Liberal members were very wrathful on the occasion, but their speeches were "full of sound and fury, signifying nothing." The second reading of the bill was carried by 275 to 33. The business of the house commenced ou Monday, February 12, with the progress of the money bill in relief of Irish dis [ tress,and called forth the angry declamations of the Irish members ; all of them op- posing the grant of ¿650,000 proposed, as a cruel mockery upon the actual amount of Irish distress. " We want nothing of England," exclaimed Mr. GRATTAN, " but the restoration of the money which you take from Ireland You take in the first place ¿660,000 a year Crown quit rents ; give us that, and we will raise by subscription another ¿660,000 to supply our own poor. Our absentee residents in England take out of our country two millions a year Irish rents ; impose a tax of ten per cent, on them, and this will give us another £200,000. Talk of what we owe you, we owe you nothing. You have so bla- zoned our obligations that you have now cancelled them ; we want nothing of you but to give back what you have taken from us, and restore us our Irish gentry." Mr. STAFTORD expressed his " surprise that the government should meet such an amount of starvation with such an insignificant sum in relief of it. In England, the average cost of feeding a poor man, in or out of the union-house, was 2s. 6d. per week. In Ireland, the most liberal sup- ply was only Is. per week, and in many unions only Gd. or 8d. There were twenty-one unions now in such a state of distress as to be wholly unable to support their poor to the extent of 441,000 adults, and 100,000 children. In taking the average cost of supporting Irish paupers at Cd. per week, or 26s. per head per annum, half a million oí money would be required to support these poor creatures until Feb- ruary, 1850. What a mockery, therefore, to offer them this grant of one-tenth of the sum." Lord J. RUSSELL replied, that it »vas not too much to expect from Ire . land in general to make some extraordi- nary effort in relief of the urgent distress ,of their own kingdom, and to expect only a helping band from England. Ministers were lu the condition of persons who weie proposing to take one man's money to re- lieve another's distress, and as the consent of the laller was necessary to part with his own property, so ibe ministers in propo- sals of this natuie, »vere compelled to con suler,_iioJLthe extreme of what was re quired, bullio»» much the» might leason ably expect to get >lr. MUN Z said this was indeed the main point, as, in ronsrquence of fiee tiade and fuieign competition, our own trading towns »veie not in a condition to pa) their own poor tates, and still leis to pa) those of Ireland Ile had been at Birmingham on baUnday last, and was there told that all trade »»as in a flat and unprofitable state, and must so continue in consequence of their ha\ing to com- pete with the foreign manufacturer. One of his oivn family had just returned from the north of Germany. His îeport »vas, that trade was there most flourishing, but it was not trade »»ith England , the pe >ple manufactured their omi goods much cheaper than the English could manufac- ture them. The Birmingham glass makers and brass founders had formetly called out for free trade , they got it, and they were no»» calling out for a return to protection. The house then divided, on a motion of Mr HIVE'S, and affiimed the Ministerial grant b) a m.ijonty of 77 the number being 220 for the Govern- ment, and 143 for Mr. Hi vu 'a amendment to refuse the grant altogether. On Tuesday, (Februaiy 13,) the busi- ness commenced with Mr. ANSTEYS motion for a committee to inquire into the slate of the inland nshenes of Ireland, upon their capacity, under due manage- ment, to contribute most largely towards the support of the poor, and upon the illegal m mopoly, similar to Ameritan appropriation by squatline, under which local landholders had seued upon these public rivers as private property. He commenced with explaining the difference between Irish and English fisheries. In England, nearly all fisheries »»ere private property, and legally so. In Ireland,with \ery fe»v exceptions, all were legally public right. No»», under the »»eaknessof the people, aud the absence of all government superintendence, all these public rights had been so seized and usuiped by powerful individuals on the spjt, that in a country watered to the largest extent, and stocked with the finest fish, not one single fish, »»as allon ed to be taken beyond a certain mark, except under the permission of these monopolists. I he los « to the Irish poor »»asestiinaledatjGCOO.OOOperanntim Thu monopoly also led to a kind of poaching or fishing at illegal times of the )ear, by »»Inch, in one stream alone, the Black- water, upwards of 1000 female fish, each fish producing 1500 eggs, of which SOO carne to maturity, were annually de- stroyed. "This," said Mr, ANSTEY," is the ground of my motion." Sir VV. BARRON, Mr. 0'<JORM»N MAHON, Mr. PAGAN, and Sir W. SOMERVICIK all ex- pressed their approbation of the motion, and the latter said that the government would concur in forwarding its object. Mr DRUMMOND next moved and ob- tained leave to bring in a bill for facili- tating the transfer of real property, by establishing a course of practice which would euable purchasers to ascertain at once inciimbraiices, and to abridge the length of deeds by copying the statements in registries. tus measure, therefore, comprehended thiee points-a county re- gistry , maps of the registered estates to be deposited at the time of registration , and an easy and instant access to those registries upon the payment of a small fee. Mr. LKWIS, one of the Under Secre- taries of State, then moved fir a much more important measure,-a bill to con- solidate and amend the laws relating to public roads in England and Wales. The new system proposed by the bill consists chiefly in three main points. First, under the present laws the parish main- tains its toads by means of arate, the turnpike trust by means of a toll, and when the tolls are deûeier.t, the charge is defrayed by Sghighway rate. Both these modes of taxation are to be abolished, and county taxation is to supply the place. Secondly, there is to be a county roads court, which, after the 25th March next, is to manage all the roads of the county, and to supply all deficiencies, for the current maintenance and repair of all parochial and public highways, by a county rate. Thirdly, as the debts to bondholders on toll trusts now exceed £8,000,000, the county roads court is to take means to provide an " instalment pay fund," which in the course of twenty - seven years, viz., at the rate of about ¿67 per hundred yearly, is to pay off principal and interest of this debt. That part of this portion which is not supplied by tolls is to be raised by county rates. It will be seen that this is the point where the shoe will pinch. The business of the day concluded with a notice'of a new government bill, for amending the qualification of Irish parliamentary voters. The new points are the three following ; first, the qualifi- cation to be not occupation, but that the land held should be rated in the parish books as being worth £8 per year ; se- condly, an annual revision of the regis- try as in England ¡ and thirdly, an an . nual registration. On Wednesday the house was occupied with Mr. LABOUCHERE'« repeal of the navi- gation laws. The government plan com- prehends a total repeal of the navigation laws, in their four divisions under the old act-the colonial trade, the carrying trade, the long voyage or intermediate trade (viz., foreign vessels bringing tro- pical produce from any European port, where it is held in depot), and lastly, the British coasting trade, into which it se?ms foreign vessels are now to be ad- mitted, so far as respects the sale of their cargo, or part of it, in any British port on their course. Such vessels are not to trade backwards and forwards from such ports, but they may take every one in their line. For example, London to Ports- mouth or Southampton, thence to Ply- mouth, &c;, or from Plymouth onwards to Newcastle, Leith, Glasgow, &c.; On Thursday there was no business in the House of Commons; it was counted out at four o'clock. In the Lords, Earl GREY explained a new system of transportation. Those who are sentenced to transportation for seven, fourteen, or a longer term of years, are to be subjected to hard labour and a due re- formatory discipline for the first twelve or eighteen months in an English gaol. They are then to be sent to hard labour on board ships, or in gangs on public works to Bermuda or Gibraltar. On Friday there was no business trans- acted in the House of Lords. In the Commons the sitting was principally oc- cupied with discussions on the Irish Habeas Corpus Suspension Act and the grmt for the relief of Irish distress. The report on the former subject was agreed to, after an amendment proposed by Mr. J. O'CONNELL had been rejected by a large majority. The report on the grant of .£50,000 was eventually carried by 128 to 39. Leave was then given to bring in a bill founded on the resolution. ^ In the House of Lords on the 19th February, the Loan CHANCKLLOR moved the second reading of the Corrupt Prac- tices at Elections Bill.-After a conside- rable discussion, in the course of which Lords DENMAN, BROUGHAM, aud STANIKY spoke in no very favourable terms of the measure, and intimated their intention of oppojiug it in its futther stages, the Bill was read a second time,-Lotd CAMI'IHXL moved the Hills for amending the Law of Vlarriage in Scotland, and said that the present measure was identical with that on the same subject which had passed the House last Session. He explained the evils of the present state of the law in 'Scotland, and detailed the remedies aimed at by his Bills.-The Karl of ABERDEEN warmly defended the existing law, which he declared to be admirably adapted to the habits and feelings of the people of -Scotland, who need not shrink from a comparison with any other nation in re- gard to moral and religious culture. The Duke of ARGYL* and the Karl of KrjLiNuroN declared their intention of supposing the Bills, which, after a few words from Lord CAMPIIIXL in reply, were read a second time. In the House of Commons the Irish Habeas Corpus Hill was read a third time, and passed by a majority of 1G8 to 13. Lord JOHN RUSSELL proposed that the House should go into Committee to con- sider the following form of oath to be taken by Members of Parliament. I, A. li., swear, that I will bo faithful nnd hear true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and that I will maintain the success- ion of the Crown, as established by an Act, intituled, " An Act for tho further limitation of the Crown, anti better securing the rights and libcrtiis of the subject« ;" and that I do not be- lieve that tile Pope* of Rome, or any other foreign prince, ptvlute, person, state, or potentate bath or ought to have any temporal or civil juiisdic tion. authority, or power within this realm ; and that I will defend, to the» utmost of my power, the settlement of property within this malm, as established by the laws ; and I do moko ibis recognition, declaration, nnd promise heartily, willingly, and truly upon thu true faith of a Christian.-So help mo God. In the case of Jews the last seven words to be omitted. The motion was carried by 210 to 113. Mr. BAILLF, in]a most damaging speech, moved for a committee to enquire into the complaints of the colonies of Guiana and Ceylon; and also to report whether any measures could be adopted for the better government of those dependencies. Mr. Hawes said Lord GREY courted enquiry, and the committee was granted. In the House of Lords, on the 23rd of February, the Bishop of OXFORD moved for a select committee to inquire into the best means for extinguishing tiie slave trade. The Marquis of LANSDOWNE had no objection to the committee, as he thought the subject was open to discus- sion. After some observations from I*arl ABERDEEN, and Lord STANLEV, and Earl GREY, the committee was appointed, and their Lordships adjourned. In the House of Commons, Mr. S. WORTLEY obtained leave to bring in a bill for allowing marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Several members expressed their determination to oppose the bill in the second reading. Mr. BOUVERIE obtained leave to bring in a bill to exempt from penalties clergy- men of the Church of England declaring themselves Dissrntcrs. On the 28th February, the Marquis of LANSDOWNE moved the second reading of the Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill for i Ireland. 1 ord B.touaiiAM only lamented that the bill ttas to be so limited in its duration. After some observations from 1 ord MONTKAOLV, who contended that in some parts of Ireland at least trial by jury was not a farce, the bill was read a second time.-Adjourned. On the 26th February, the Irish Ha- beas Corpus Suspension Hill was read a third time and passed, after Lord BROUGHAM had again expressed his in- dignation at the conduct of one of the jurymen during the recent trial in Dublin. The Scotch Marriage and Re- gistration Hill passed through committee. -Adjourned, In the Commons on the motion that that the House should go into a Com- mittee of Supply, Mr. COUDRN moved That tho increase of nearly ten millions be- tween tho net expenditure of 1835 und that of 1848 having booti caused principally by aug- mentations of warlike establishments and out- lays for defensive armaments, which increase ia "not warranted by the present circumstances of tho country, whilst the taxes required to meet the present expenditure impede ngricul- ' ture and manufactures, nnd diminish Ihe funds applicable to productive industry, thereby adding to the burdens of the peuple, it is expe- dient to reduce the annual expenditure, with practicnilo speed, to tho sum which in 1835 was suffcient to maintain the security, honour, and dignity of the nation. The motion was opposed by the CHAN- CELLOR OF THE EXCIUQURB, and negatived by a majority of 275 to 78. The House of Lords transacted no busi- ness on the 28th February aud Mardi 1st,and the House of Commons was en- gaged in matters of detail on the 28th. On the 1st of March, Lord ASHLEY moved That a humble address be presented to her Majesty, praj'ing her Majesty to appoint a commission to enquire into the practicability and mode ot subdividing, into distinct and in- dependent parishes, for all ecclesiastical pur ÍioseB, all the densely-peopled parishes in Eng and and Wales, ia such manner that the popu- lation of e.<ch, except in particular cases, at the discretion of the commissioners, shall not exceed four thousand souls. The motion was supported by Lord JOHN RUSSELL and opposed by Messrs. HUME and BRI JUT ; it was carried by II I to l8. A motion for going into committee on a Bill for imposing a general rate of six- pence in the pound on every electoral dis trict in Ireland, m aid of the poor-law, was carried by 195 to OG. These are the only matters of import- ance we notice in the debates which have come to hand. Several elections had taken place Sir F. B»RINO (First Lord of the Admiralty) was re-elected for Portsmouth without opposition. Mr. F. PEEL, son of Sir K. PBBL, was elected for Leonunster without opposition in the place of Mr, II. BARKLY, appointed Go- vernor of British Guiana. Mr. HAINES, the new President of the Poor-law Com- mission, was re-elected for Hull without opposition. For Bolton the candidates were Sir J. WALMSLEY and Mr. T. R. BRIDSON, bleacher, of Boston. The show of hands was in favour of Sir JOSHUA Mr. BRIOSON demanded a poll, which took place on the following day, when the numbera at the close »vere-*WALM<ILKV (Liberal), 6J2 , BRIOSON (Conscrveative), 567\. There wai uo opposition to the elec- tion of Sir R. LOIES, for South Devon. Trade continued in an improving stale, and »ve expect to find at the conclusion nf the sales that the average increase on the price of »vool was thiee-pence per pound Tallow was about the same as our last quotations, 10s We find the following in the House of Commons report for February K5 - Mr 1' Scott inquired how mau) free pas sa^es to the Austrnliiu colonies it was tho in tent! n of the Colonial-oiliee to «ive to Dorset and Wilts, whether it was intended to adopt the samo course in other and wlmt counties, and to what extent, how much those frte passages would cost tho colonies, how mauv moro emigrants might have ('one if the grrnnt had been made to assist instead of gmngfnc passages , and ttiu amount ot colonial tunda at present available for emigration»5 Mr Hawes would make inquiry into tho subject, and honed to bo prepared to answer tho lion, member s question at auollu r time From this »ve suppose that some ar- rangements hid been made for removing some pottion of the surplus population of those counties to this colony. The immi- grants by the Emigrant nre said to have been selected by the Honorable and Re»e lend S. G. OSBORN», whose letters in the Junes on the social condition of the poor, with the initials ¡5 G 0 , have oc- cupied so much of the public attention during the last two )cars It was reported that the government were endeavouring to get convois up lo to par, when they would reduce the three per cents, to two and a half per cent Sir ILL Uti win, late ambassador at the Spanish Court, has been appointed to succeed Sir R P«K>NUAM, as British Mi- nister at Washington. Sir li. PAKRNHAM, who is an old diplomatic servant of the Crown, »»ill retire upon a jension. In France the go»eminent of President Louis NAIOLFON appeared to be firmly established. No decisive steps had been taken b) the Roman Catholic powers to »»aids the rt*-establishmeut of Pope Pas at Rome. Hie GRAND DI KI- of Tuscany had fled from Ins dominions Hie Danish dispute retqiecling the Sthleswig- llolstrin question remains as unsettled as ever, lhere does not appear, however, to be the slightest reason for fearing that England will become linolved, whatever ma) be the character of the Continental revolu- tions. Our summary is necessarily very im- perfect. Should the Emigrant's mail be sent from the quarantine station in time, and con'ain any intelligence of im- portance not already before onr readers, we shall publish an extra sheet in the course of the afternoon. 