GEELONG. Arrival. — November 1. Travancore, 583 ton*, Captain Brown, from London. Pas sengers — Rev. Mr. Cuzensand family, Rev. Mr. Allen and family, Mr. and Mrs. Harris, Messrs. Lots, Porter, Emerson, Dent, and Donner raeade. Dr. Rowand, Surgeon, and 170 inter mediate passengers, | The Travancore.— This vessel has on board | 200 immigrants -namely, 75 male adults, 50 I female adults, 3? male and 43 female children ; J besides several passengers in the cabin, of whom j three are ministers of religion. The T rayan- i core, which left Gravesend on the 12th July, - experienced a fine passage out, having en- | countered but one heavy gale of wind the whole j of the time. We regret, however, to state that very serious differences existed on board the ship, arising out of ceitain misunderstandings between the captain and the surgeon of the ship, the particulars of which we aTe in pos session, but refrain from publishing at 'he present time, as both the captain of the vessel and the surgeon court enquiry into the matter, and a board is to be constituted for this nnrpose, when, it is to be hoped, that an impar tial investigation into a number of v^ry serious I charges which are to be adduced on the part of 1 the captain and the surgeon will result in I an equally impartial decision, as the charac- I ters *of both these officers, in their respec- 1 tive capacities, will bp affected by the j judgment of those who may be ?p- | pointed to constitute the board of enquiry, I We may just acvert to the circumstance th t I throughout the -voyage the ship has bren I 'divided against itself.' A meeting was at 1 one time ? n the passage held by a portion of 1 the emigrants, when an address of a most 1 violent character was conveyed to Captain H Brown, the effect of which was to create a ? mutiny on board the vessel. One of the seamen B violently assaulted the captain, and all hands I I struck work, leaving the vessel for some time without control, to the influence of the chang ing elements. The cause of dissension between the captain and the surgeon, as also between the two porticn* of the passengers, was in relation to m; tiers of a private rather than of a public nature. The emigrants are of the same class as those which arrived by th«* Larpent, all of them holding an interest in the land order forwarded by Dr. Lan*., and many of them being besides small capitalists — Geehng Advertiser. Vessels fob London.— The West Indian v ill have the whole of her cargo stowed this evening ; she will haul into the Stream on Monday next, and sail on Thursday. The Empress and Mary Catherine are expected to get away on or about the 30th instant. The Agricola, has nearly discharged her inward cargo, and will commence taking in her dead weight on Monday. As the wool is now ar riving in large quantities, the other vessels on the berth will fill up with dispatch. Thb Phoenician. — This vessel since leaving Sydney, has made one of the most expeditious | voyages ever effected in the colonies, She left Sydney for Tahiti on the 30th August, and arrived there at the expiration of twenty days, j where she took on board 1 37 casks cocoanut j and 7 casks black oil ; after some detention she then proceeded to Upolu, one of the Navigator Islands, which was made on the sixth day. At this place she took on board 82 cnsks black : oil, 8000 cocoanuts, 19 tons pearl shells, and 10 tons arrowroot. From Upolu. this surprising ship has made the run in twelve days, having been only seventy- eight days Sydney, and bungs the following information : The Duchess of Clarence, barque, from Hobart Town, and the schooner Thomas Lord, from New Zealand, had touched at Tahiti, and resumed their voyages for San Francisco. The Coquette, schooner, from Sydney the 6th September for San Francisco, had also called there and proceeded towards her destination. H.M S. Daphne,' and the missionary barque John Williams, were at Upolu ; the latter was refitting, preparatory to her return to England. The brig Rosalind, from England, was ashore on the reef at the entrance of Tahiti Harbour; her cargo had been landed, much of which was damaged, and had been sold for the benefit of the underwriters. A small schooner called the Speculator, commanded by Captain Whitfield (well known in Sydney) had left Tahiti for San Francisco, but, on the tenth day, a equall struck her, and she capsized. All hands were providentially saved, by taking to the boats, in which they remained twenty - eight days, undergoing every privation, and having nothing to subsist on but a few candles which floated from the wreck. They at length reached the island of Mamau, adjacent to the Navigator Group, in a great state of exhaus tion, where they were hospitably received by the natives. Some* of the crew have come on to Sydney by the Phoenician. Thb Waterloo.— This vessel arrived at Port Phillip on the 7th instant ; and having only to land seventeen passengers there, would sail for this port on the 10th, without breaking bulk, she may, therefore, be hourly expected. The passengers seem to have been quite delighted with the ship and her commander, Captain Neatby, to w» om they have voted a very com plimentary address. His Honor Mr. Justice Therry and family are passe* gers by this ship. The Mounts tuart Elphinstone, and the Cum berland, were lying in Cowan Cowan Roads when the Eagle left, both bound foi Sydney. Passengers by the latter — Mr. and Mrs. Spiers, and four in the steerage. Cargo— 27 lops pine, 40 bales wool, 20 tierces beef, and 25 casks tallow. The Phantom was absent from Sydney only thirty-three days. She had a good passage of nine days from Adelaide, and only passed Cape Otway on Wednesday se'nnight at 9 a.m. The barque Cheapeide, Lewis, was to leave Adelaide for Sydney on the 3rd instant. The Phantom exchanged colours with the Christina on Friday morning off Green Cape, hence for Port Phillip. The Adelaide convict ship, bound to Sydney, was off Portsmouth, August 2. The Caernarvon has had a very tedious pa* sage from Manila, during which she had a succession of gales and foul winds. On the 19th August spoke the American schooner Sophia, of Nantucket, fourteen months out, with 400 barrels sperm oil on board, which she was going to discharge at Manila, and then refit. Neither the Clifford Wayne nor the Joseph Maxwell br ng intelligence of any whalers whatever. The former has been 22 months from Fairhaven. and has taken 650 barrels sperm oil; the latter 17 months from New Bedford, and has now on board 600 barrels ot sperai oil The schooner Petrel, hence fSr California the 29th ultimo, put into Jervis Bay on the 2nd instant, through stress of weather. The schooner Scotia has had a protracted passage, having fallen in with head winds and heavy gales. The brig Torrington, upon her arrival at Port Nicholson, from Sydney, struck on the outer rock of Barrett's Reef ; she had however received little damage, and had proceeded on to Otago via Port Cooper. The I Larkins, ship, from Otag', arrived at Port Nicholson on the 21st October. The William, from Hobart Town, was in company with the Lord Hobart, brig, on Wednesday se'nnight la*t, in Banks Straits, from Hobart Town, fot California. The Swallow left San Francisco, California, on the 31st August, but brings news from that place up to the 1 5th September, received by a vessel which had arrived at the Sandwich Islands. The barque Louisa, from Sydney the 26th May, arrived at San Francisco on the 30th August. The Regia arrived at San Franrisco on the 28th August : she spoke the Volunteer from Sydnev, on the 3rd of August, ghort of water. Captain Macdonald, j formerly of the Rebecca, had died from the I fever. The schooner Joseph Albino, from Adelaide, had touched at the Sandwich Islands, and resumed her voyage for San Francisco on the 4th October. Captain Sea grove reports having ppoken the schooner Star of China, on the 10th September, in lat. 28*5 north, long. 143 '/56 west, from Sydney the 28th June, for San Francisco. The brig Fanny, from Sydney via Auckland and San Francisco, arrived al Honolulu prior to the Swallow leaving there. The brig Louisa was trading along the coast of California. The French brig Anonyme had cleared out at San Francisco for Honolulu ; and the Danish schooner Johanna Oluffa, Engers, cleared out there, for Sydney, on the 13th September. The cutter George, from the Richmond, reports a large whaling barque off the Seal Rocks on Sunday last, supposed to be stand ing for Port Stephens. The Catherine, cutter, cleared out at Mel bourne for Port Fairy, on the 3rd instant. The barque Reaper, was coming on to Sydney in a few days. Ramixies.— On the arrival of this vessel at Madras, last Juh, nine of the seamen were charged before His Lordship Sir William Burton, with feloniously making a revolt, and a second indictment with endeavouring to make a revolt at Port Adelaide, on the 4th of May last. After a lengthened examination, they were all found guilty, and sentenced as follows: Witters, Owen, and Scanlon, ?m»o years' imprisonmemt with hard labour ; Ste phenson and Rich, one year's imprisonment, with hard labour ; and Smith, Harper, White, Martin, and Scott, six. months each. Our readers will remember the circumstances of this revolt, which forced the captain to put back and obtain, the assistance of Mr. Tolmer and a party of police. — Adelaide Paper. Booby Island Reports.— July 25th, 1849, the Burhampore sent a boat on shore and ascer tained that the Cadet, Pratt, from Sydney to Manila passed July 17th, and left this note — ' On Booby Island, we found all the crew, say twenty- nine, of the barque Ceres ; the vessel was wrecked during the night on the Osprey Reef, in lat. 14*8 south, long. 147*20 east, seven days in their boats before arriving here, and ten days on this rock, whenee they have embarked, all well.' Symmetry, Young, Sydney to Manila July 22 ^ Mary Ann, Darby. Sydney to China July 24.— rtraits Times, Thb Australia.— This beautiful little, schooner has been built at Bombay, expressly for the Australian Government, to act as a cruiser between the colonies. She is com manded by Lieutenant Comber, of H.M.S. Meander, and is a perfect specimen of naval architecture, and a very fast sailer. She parted company with H.M.S. Meander on the 2nd October, in Anjer Roads. The Meander waa en route to Port Easing ton, from whence shjp would come on to Sydney round the northern part of New Guinea. Hunter Rivbr Steam Navigation Com pany's Steamers. — The Rose resumed her trips to the Hunter on Tuesday evening, under the command of Captain Saunders, late master of the brig Christina. Mr. Payne, late mate of the Maitland, has been appointed master of her ; and Mr. Murphy, late mate, has now com* mand of the Tamar. The following arrange ments have been made for the departures of the steamers trading from Sydney to Morpeth, Thistle, on Monday and Thursday, at 10 p.*r.. ; Miitland, Tuesday and Friday, at 6 p.m. ; and Rose, Wednesday and Saturday, at 10 ^.M,. This routine will be continued throughout the ensuing season. Balmain Regatta.— A regatta will come off at Balmain on the 30th instant, St. An drew's Day, when it is expected that there will be great amusement for the lovers of aquatic sports. The gentlemen who have been instrumental in getting up this—the maiden regatta at Balmain — have used great exertions to endeavour to afford amusement, and we truej their efforts will be crowned with success. Even in these dull times, it has caused some sensation, as there are seven new boats being built to compete in the matches, both sailing and pulling. Mercantile Steamers. — There were, on the 1st of January last, no fewer than \\\\-2 steamers belonging to the various ports of the British Islands, with an aggregate tonnage of 150,541 tons; and of these, 35 were of frigate measurement and dimensions, 67 others : ranged from 600 tons to 1000, while a total of 173 are represented as capable of ?? carrying pivot guns, such as are used in Her Majesty'* ships.' The largest vessel in the list is the Hindoston, belonging to the Peninsuhr and Oriental Steam Navigation Company ; the smallest is a craft called the Revolution, be longing to no less a person than Vice Ad miral the Earl of Dundonald. She is forty five feet long, of the burden of seven tons, exclusive of her engines, and was registered by her noble owner upwards of sixteen years ago. As to the transport of troops, the Phoenix, although a vessel of 876 tons, repeatedly carried upwards of 1200 men, from point to point of a mo«t inclement coast, and in the worst possible weather. The Gorgon, when off the coast of Syria, took aboard on one occa sion, ' 600 marines and six field pieces, with their limbers and artillerymen. But Captain Henderson's highest encomium was reserved for Sir Charles Napier's creation, the Sidon. The disparaging opinion of this vessel's quali ties, adopted by the Committee of Revision, i» wonderfully corrected by the evidence of her late captain. He describes her as ' the best steam- vessel he ever saw,' remarkably easy in a sea-way, never refusing, however strong the gale, to go a-head, and with capacities of stowage quite remarkable. She could take 700 tons of coals, which would be fuel for twenty days' steaming at full speed; an entire repi ment could be drawn up on her decks, leaving room for nvTe. — Report of the Committee. The Longitude.— It being considered in teresting and important to the common ial marine of the United States and of the United Kingdom to ascertain with correctness the difference of longitude between the Observa tory at Cambridge, Boston, and that «t Liver pool, it is proposed by the United States' Go vernment to accomplish this object by meane of marinechronometers to be transported across the Atlantic to and from Bos'on in the British . and North American Royal mail steamers ; and, for this to be effected, arrangements will he. made with the authorities in England that when the chronometers arrive at Liver-, pool on their return from Boston, they may be transmuted with a'l possible care and despatch to the Liverpool Observatory. 