ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION, Tms DAY. MESSRS. W. M. TENSEST & Co.-At tho Stores of Mr. R. Jacomb, Flinders-lane, at half-past 12 o'clock, Wool, Sheepskins, and Tnllow. MB; J. WATSO.V-At M'Caw and Broadfoot's Yards, corner of Bourke snd Queen-streets, at 1 o'clock, Horses, Working Bullocks, Drays, Ma. J. W. BELL-At his General Mart, |at 12 I o'clock, Champagne, Tobacco, Sugar, ¿c., Mn. WILLUM EASEV-At the Wharf, ut 12 o'clock, Broad Paling. OVERLAND MAIL. - A memorial numerously signed by merchants, tradesmen, and others resident in Geelong, has been forwarded to Mr. La Trobe, praying that he will take measures for the transmission of an overland mail, between Melbourne and this place. His Honor's reply has not yet been received. THE EVENTS OF 1848. - On Wednesday Evening, Edward Casperson, Esq., M.D. delivered the first of a course of lectures at the Mechanics' Institution, Collins Street, to a crowded and highly respectable audience, on the events of 1848\. The lecturer commenced by briefly alluding to the uncourteous reception of the Turkish ambassador, Messurus, in Greece, with reference to a matter of etiquette, which was soon arranged. He then passed to Switzerland, to a people who had fought for, had won, and who knew the value of liberty. Austria, Russia, and France, threatened to interfere with the deliberations of the Swiss Diet, on the ground that they were bound by the treaty of Vienna to uphold the constitution then established, and that only. But Eengland did not take this view of the subject, and in a special despatch told the diet to act with prudence and moderation towards the minority. The Diet replied, that the great powers had no right to interfere in the intemal policy of any country; and that, should they attempt to do so, the Swiss would rely upon their own strength to repel such interference. The attention of the great powers, however, was soon called to matters more nearly related to themselves. Pope Pius the Ninth had commenced many, and carried out some admirable reforms; but he had stopped short, startled by the stupendous work which lay before him, or fearing that the loss of ecclesiastical power would follow the loss of his power as a sovereign prince. It was too late, however, to retrograde - the enthusiasm for liberty had spread to Sardinia, Tuscany, and all the minor states of Italy. Lombardy and Venice soon joined the onward movement. In Milan and the larger towns, it was determined to abstain from smoking, so as to curtail the finances, the duty on tobacco being an ¡tem of considerable importance, and thus compel the Government to attend to the wishes of the people. In Naples, a collision took place, between the royal troops and the populace, in which the former were defeated and a provisional Government established. Warlike preparations were made, the king was oblged to yield to the wishes of the people, but not till the beautiful city of Messina had been bombarded. The King of Sardinia and the Grand Duke of Tuscany also made concessions to their subjects, but Pope Pius hesitated, and while he did so the people rose en masse and demanded reform. Revolt now became general throughout Italy, and on the 22nd February, Marshal Radetzky proclaimed martial law throughout the whole country. At this juncture of affairs, died Christian VIII., King of Denmark. This change was momentous, as the new King, Ferdinand VII. was without issue, and in very delicate health. The party favourable to the annexation of the Duchy of Schleswig Holstein to Denmark, soon gained the favour of the new King; a more liberal constitution was proclaimed, and the Duchy declared to be for ever united with Denmark. This proclamation giving, as it obviously did, a decided majority to Denmark, caused great dissatisfaction in Schleswig Holstein, and at an assembly at Kiel, on the 18th of February, it was decided that a common constitution for Denmark and the Duchies should be opposed by the representatives of the Duchies, and a separate one demanded. While Italian and Danish affairs were in this position, the state of France attracted all eyes; the Chamber of Deputies had met at the end of 1847, and the opposition, led by M. M. Thiers and Odillon Barrot, demanded a change of the Electoral Laws. The people were not represented in the Chamber; the Deputies were only the employes and placemen of the Government. Then followed that chain of events which startled Europe, and revolutionised France. The "Reform Banquets" were announced, and were forbidden by the Government. The parliament of the nation did not attend to the demands of the people; and, as is always the case, its deliberations were transferred to the streets. The lecturer then glanced at the principal events of February - the barricades, the changes of ministry, the appearance of the Comte de Paris in the Chamber with his mother, the flight of the Royal Family, and the appointment of Du Pont de l'Eure as President of the Assembly. Germany now claimed freedom, and the Press was unshackled, the censorship abolished, and the right of meeting granted. Metternich fell before the indignation of his countrymen, and his beautiful villa was laid in ruins. Having glanced at the principal events of the revolutions in Berlin and Vienna, the lecturer announced that he would continue the subject on a future occasion, and apologised for dwelling at such length on the affairs of Germany, by stating that he had been living on the scene of action, and was thus more impressed by the events than he would otherwise have been. The lecture elicited frequent applause from the audience. ASSAULT. — Mr. John Shumack, of Gardener's Creek, appeared before the District Police Bench on Thursday, charged with assaulting one of the East Indian blacks, who cut wood in that locality. Mr. William Stewart, reporter for the Gazette, was sworn as interpreter for the complainant. It appeared that on Monday last, the parties had a dispute about a load of wood, each of thom setting up a claim to it; after some words of an aggravating nature had passed on both sides, defendant struck the black several times with his fist, and knocked him down with a stick. The Bench fined defendant ten shillings and costs. Mr Plaistowe, who appeared for complainant, represented to the Bench that his client of necessity was compelled to employ professional assistance, and hoped that in all such cases their Worships would grant heavy costs. THE GOLD REGIONS —By the last overland mail, we are in receipt of the Alta California, and othor intelligence from the gold regions, extending to the 21st July, being, as far us we are aware, the first direct intelligence from California that has up to the present period reached this province. Beyond the news alluded to in our Sydney Correspondent's communication and the interesting details given in our fourth page, we observe nothing of importance save that the apprehended collission etween the government e3ected by the people of San Francisco, and the officers of the United States, had been avoided. The elected representatives had resigned, and a day had been fixed for the election of various officers, who were to hold office until November, 1850, when it is supposed the "territory of Cali- fornia" will become a portion of the United States, in the manner pointed out by the American constitution. \ THE COMING ELECTIONS.-We hare mentioned the position of matters in the different Wards of tho City, in reference to the coming elections, and we have now to announco that in Gipp's Ward a requisition to Mr. Rostron, a very extensive proprietor in the Ward, is in course of signature, and that there is some talk of Mr. John Thomas Smith, ex-Councillor for Bourke Ward, olfering himself for the suffrages of the citizens ; Mr. Chambers, of tho firm of Moor and Chambers, is also spoken of as a candidute in the room of Mr. M'Isamara. In La Trobe ÍVnrd Mr. Councillor Clarke is carrying all before bim, Mr. Councillor Russell, who was spoken of as likely lo be the opposing candidate, having very handsomely intimated to Mr. Clarke 'that he not only will not oppose his re-election, but that he will give him his vote and support. In Bourke Ward there is no alteration to report in the aspect of affairs. In Lonsdale Ward there is no candidate actually in the field, but a requisition to Mr. Balbirnie is in course of signature, and such is ïho esteem in whioh that gentleman is held that it is not anticipated that there will he opposition to his election from any quarter. BROAD PALING.-An extensive si-leof broad paling, ex ' Swan,' and ' Eagle,' will be held this day, at the Wharf. Mr. Easey will commence selling at twelve o'clock. The lot con- sists of 25,000 five and six feet paling. ACCIDENT.-A j'oung lad was thrown from ahorseonThursdayinCollins- streetjOpposite the. Auction Mart of Mr Davis. He was taken into the shop of Mr Hood, Druggist, where ho was attended hy Dr. Alexander Hunter, who happened fortunately to bo on the spot. The injuries received were not of a serious nature, tho lad having escaped with a few _ bruises and scratches on the face. MIDNIGHT COURTSHIP.-The only case brought before Andrew Russell, Esq., yesterday, at the Police Office was that of a young mnn named James Brittan, a recent arrival in the Colony per Mahomed Shah, who was charged with being found in the Female Immigrant Depot on tho previous night at an unseasonable hour. Constablo Wintersdeposedthntbetween 12 and 1 o'clock he discovered the prisoner insido the fence surrounding the Depot, and on questioning him as to his appearance in such a place at that hour, he said ho was rather intoxicated, and, having b¿en out rather late, merely wished to pass the remainder of the night there ; he gave his name, and answered every question put to him by the constable. Mr. Russell requested Britton to ex- plain his reasons for going to the Depot nt that nour, upon which défendant stated that his only object in going there was to see a sweetheart of his, and also informed his Worship that he would not have gone at night but that tho Government Authorities refused admittance to young men by day ; ho expressed his regret for having broken the regulations adopted for protecting tho female immigrants, but at the same time would not admit that there was any harm in his going to see his sweetheart. Mr! Russell said he would overlook the offence as it was the first »me, and the defendant being a stranger, but ate th same timo advised him to seek a moro legal method of enjoying himself in the company ot his sweet- heart. * ' -, SUPPOSED ROBBERY.-- A young wo- man, named Mary Kenny, servant in the employ- ment of Mr. George Jackson, landlord of the Royal Oak, Queen-st., was charged, at the Police Office, on Wednesday, with stealing a few small articles of female attire. The goods alleged to have been stolen were found in the possession of a washerwoman, to whom they had been given by the prisoner, for the purpose of being washed. The prisoner, on being arrested, stated that she took the articles in mistake, thinking they were her own. As there was no evidence to prove a felonious intention on the part of the prisoner, she was discharged. SUMMARY EJECTMENT.-The case of John Heard against Robert Barnsdale, which is one of ejectment under Brewster's Act, was set down for hearingon Tbursdayat thePolice Court, before Messrs Condell and Hull. The premises alleged to be over-held by Barnsdale, are situated in King-street. Mr. Paynter, who was profes- sionally employed by Barnsdale, was about to address the Bench when Mr. Hull interrupted him, by intimating his inienfcion not to sit in tho case if that gentleman was retained in it ; ho enid it was painful to him to bo coming so fre- quently in collision with Mr. Paynter, against whom he had no personal objection, but ho could not consistently act otherwise after the decision of tho District Magistrates, prohibiting him from practising for six months. Mr. Paynter reiterated liis formerly expressed desire for a publio ex- amination of any charges preferred against bim, as he was confident of proving his entire inno cenco ; he would not, however, acknowledge tho power of the Magistrates to provenfc him from practising in that Court, which would shortly bo shewn by the decision of a higher tribunal. Mr. Hull suggested that a constablo should bo sent for Mr. Russell, but as that gentleman was not at home it became necessary to postpone tho case. Mr. Paynter proposed to have it beard before one Magistrate, but this wus objected to by Mr. Condell. Mr. Bennett, for the other side, sug- gested that the matter should stand over till Friday, but this was objected to by Mr. Paynter, who stated that tho presiding Magistrate on that day (Mr. A. M'Lachlun) entc-tained the snmo feeling as Mr. Hull. After some further conver- sation it was agreed that tho caso should como before his Worship tho Mayor and Mr. Westby, i on Monday next. I SINGULAR CHARPE OF ASSAULT-A rather strange enso of a -ault come before Messrs Hull and' Condell, on Wednesday, at tho Police Court. Tho chnrge was brought Ey a brickmaker, named Charles Andrews, against his employer, Mr. John Lord, of Collingwood. It appeared from tho ovidenco of complainant, that on last Satur- day evening a disputo took placo between him- self and his omployer, relativo to the number of bricks mndo hy the former during tho day, which after a great deal of/abuB0 on both sides, ended in défendant striking complainant, and challenging him to fight. Sir. Richard Scott, who appeared for defendant, cross-exumined tho complmnnnt nfc sonio length, and olicited from) bim, that ho did not know who struck tho first blow, and that they had had a regular stand up fight, in which de- fendant received Boveral personal injuries, as ho appeared in Court with his face considerably damaged. Tho Bench immediately dismihse'd the case, remnrking upon the absurdity of bringing it before the Court. This was one of, those nu- merous cases of assault, in which a rush is made to tho Polico Olfice to obtain what is called "tho first pull." Mr. Lord expressed a wish to Lavo tho agreoment between himself and Andrew cancelled, as ho was opprehonsivo of further quarrelling, and probably fighting. This was agreed to by defendant, on the understanding that all wages due should be paid up, and the parties left the office, for the purpose of balancing accounts. WAGES. —A servant named John Shaw in the employment of Mr. George Streaker, a farmer residing at Brighton, appeared at the Police Court on Thursday, before Major Firebrace, Captain Jacomb, and Mr. Payne, to support a claim to £1 12s 6d alleged to be due by his master as wages. After hearing the evidence of complainant, their Worships granted a decree for £1 8s 6d, and 4s 6d costs ; the sum of 4s being deducted from the amount claimed, owing to complainant having been a day absent from his work. COLONIAL ARCHITECT — We understand that Mr. Edmund T. Blackett has been appointed Colonial Architect, but will not enter upon the duties of the ofice until January next, Mr. Lewis continuing to act until that period. —Sydney Morning Herald. 