UTE ENGLISH NEWS. ',r„m the Sydney Morning Herald) vnU of yesterday. Jngiisn news Dt thc"'lr'c|. lins reached the colony i to tiie - ship Emigrant having bul Til In quarantine, we lmvo no com- Tin Parliament. inf! . ait. February Mr. Gibson pro- ", i . !1 sneaker should be allowed posed tbnt " | for more than one r dte mo."" was negatived by 90 ll0";; ' e remainder of the day was oc 10 - i in meioly formal business. "T ,1,0 6th February Sir George Grey t r we to bring in n bill for con- mnved fork of lho Habeas 'n"""1? Act in Ireland for six months. Corp"' A ' .. utile opposition to the Tn "which was carried by a majority nichen. .. jjr g'. Anstcy moved for r L briii" 'n " bi» <the 8nmH QS W"9 /t - ived last session), to repeal enactments " .In " certain disabilities on Roman SS;S-srcfu5cd- On the 7lh February the Chancellor „,tie Exchequer moved for n grant of B» 000, for the purpose of granting relief r lair. Unions in the west of Ireland. The discission lasted several hours, when ft wss postponed until the ' 2th. n„ the 8th February Lord Campbell in deed a hill to abolish the punishment of transportation fur simple larceny. I„' lho House of Commons Sir R. II. In'lis moved for and obtained a return of the communications respecting the rank, "f Roman Catholic prelates in the colonies. In Jic House of Lords on the 9tli 1' eb- runr a biief but interesting conversation L-rancd on the subject or emigration to Canada. The Marquis of Lansdowno then moved the appointment of a committee to inquire into the operation of the Irish Poor Kw The motion wns agreed to, but Lord Stanlev expressed bis full conviction lint the defects of the present law were so ob- note, that Ministers ought nt once to pro ceed to legislate on the subject. In the House of Commons, Mr. Lnbou- there gave notice tlint on Monday he should submit a resolution on the subject of the navigation laws. Mr. Robinson endeavoured to draw from Mr. Lnbouchuro the nature of the alterations about to be proposed ; hut the nttempt was unsuccessful. The remainder of the sitting wns occupied with a discussion ou the bill for further sus pending the ' habeas corpus' Act in Ireland. The Irish Liberal members were very wrath ful on the occasion, but their speeches were 1 full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.' The second reading of the bill was carried by 275 to 33. The business of the house commenced on Monday, February 12, with the pro gress of the money bill in relief of Irish distress, and ceiled fortli the angry declama- tions ot the Jrish members; all ot tliem opposing the grant of £50,000 proposed, as \- a cruel mockery upon the actual amount of Irish distress. 'We want nothing of Eng land,' exclaimed Mr Grattair ' but the restoration of tho money which you take from Ireland. You take in the first pluce £60,000 a year crown quit rents ; give us that, and we will ruiso bv subscription an other £00,000' to supply our own poor. Our absentee residents in 'England take out of our country two millions a year Irish rents i impose a tax of ten per cent, on them, and this will give us another£200,000. Talk of what we owe you, we owe you nothing. You have so blazoned our ob ligations that you have now cancelled them ; we want nothing of you but to give back what you have taken from us, and restore us our Irish gentry.' Mr Stafford expres sed his 1 surprise that the government should meet such an amount of starvation with such an insignificant sum in relief of it. In England, the average cost of feed ing a poor man, in or out of the union- house, wns 2s Od per week. In Ireland, the most liberal supply was only Is per week, and in many unions only Gd or 8<1. There were twenty one unions now in sucli a state of distress as to be wholly unable to support their poor to the extent of 41 1 ,000 adults, and 100,000 children. In tnkin" the average cost of supporting Irish paupers \- -- |... ween, or zos per Head per annum, half a million of money would be 2rV SU')I,ort lbe8e !,Dor creatures u 1 1 Fehruary 1850. What n mockerv, temh rfi", tooffer,tl,fm tb'9 grant of onb- k,n SUm' Lor1J' Russell replied, an t 1 101 1 much 10 ex!>ect from Ire- ' lure "/Tal ,f, mnbo 80,ne cxtraordi- oftLirn 'i C» Ie urEe:it distress u ,„T' ,'n?d0ra'nn<1 10 expect only were In thi /'?m Kn'lam1' Ministers proposing mTt? 11 f P"50"8 w'to were ; iLe AnMi I v 0ne mm 3 mnoy to re-! of the latter ,,tre',S' nnd ns tb c0,lseRl ' MB»iw"ne,ce,Mryt0>,llrtwilh »'« sals of tfit n ', S 10 ramisters in propo- «it no T'rt' WereComPel,e(l l con-, quired hot l,nl. extr8me o|- what was re- 1 "My expect to gc? At \r ""Kllt reaso"- was indeed ii,„ '. Muntz said this ou „7oelfd cn nain point, us, in conse- petition, our own tradhiiv "t Cm- a condition to ,1 vns ' were "ot aud still 1-., ,. ' , r own Por rates, cor„i,"ue ,1' „0 ,lb,e 8>8'c. Utul must so | 10 C8">l>etc wh tin" r ,C 0l' lhelr lmvi"S »P ! 0n8 of his own f fr0iS'1, '."auufucturer. , '"Mho north ofT iust ""eturned 'i that trade 9 "'""I- His report Vut il was hn. ,re ,most lausisliing, land ; , ot "ode with Eng. ?Wn goods Inucl m",,ur"ctured their I'nglish cnu 3 ' dle"Per tlmn tho k" , "ir-SL ''tern, pass had r hluss-inukers and f,W trade : the v .'rme,'i >' called out for »Hsng nut for„ 7etu'r.i ?' ll'c>' woro haw ,mise 'ben divided I,i nI,r<"ea'ion" !TI,e ''unit's ami affirmed 3! a of Mr. ') u mojoritv of 77. .1 "'"'crinl grunt vr tlle Oovorn,,, ' ""mber being 220 fume's nt,, urnl ror \i,. together. CU ll)eilt 10 rL'f«se tho grant if," r''atn;,SbrUI>r 13,) ,bo b»8" ? m''on fnr W'11' Mr- An- 'u"c into tlin „ , n. CJ»""ittee to r#fI,el«"te inUd flab. 1 " , '."uiiagement i„ capacity, under and 'awards the c""'rib,l,u most d upon t)ie j|! ",L 8«ppnrt of t10 p„or »h 'n',""1 wppro wRi „lnT|,Qly' 8imil'lr locf ' Staoii 'I lie '' 'io fivers n« ' soized upon conitneiiced with I"fvnto property. "Uh explaining tl,0 AiHor- enoe between Irish and English fisheries. In Englnnd, nearly nil fislierios were private property, and lcgnlly so. In Ire land, with very few exceptions, all were lognlly public right. Now, under the weakness of the people, nnd the absence of all government superintendence, all these public rights had been so seized and usurped by powerful individuals 011 the spot, tlint in n country wqtcred to the largest extent, and stocked with the finest fish, not one single fish was allowed to be taken bevond a certain mark, except under the permission of these monopolists. The loss to the Irish poor wns estimated at £600,000 per annum. This monopoly also led to a kind of poaching, or fishing nt illegal times of the year, by which in one stream alone, the Hlnckwnter, upwards of 1000 female fish, encb fish producing 1500 eggs, of which 800 came to maturity, were nnnunlly destroyed. 'This,' said Mr. Anstoy, ' is the ground of my motion.' Sir W. Barron, Mr. O'Gormnn Million, Mr. Fngnn, nnd Sir AV. Somcrvillc, nil ex pressed their approbation of the motion, and the latter snid tlint the government would concur ill forwarding its object. Mr. Druminond next moved nnd ob tained leave to bring in n bill for facilita ting tile transfer of real property, by esta blishing n course of practice which would enable purchasers to ascertain nt once in cumbrances, nnd to abridge the length of deeds by copying the statements in regis tries. Ilis mensure, therefore, compre hended three points — a county registry ; maps of the registered estates to be depo sited at the time of registration ; and an easy nnd instant access to those registries upon the payment of n small fee, Mr. Lewis, one of the under secretaries of slate, then moved far n much more im portant mensure, — a bill to consolidate nnd amend tho laws relating to public roads in England nnd Wales. The new system proposed by tho bill consists chiefly in three main points. First, under the present laws, tho parish main tains its roads by means of a rate, the turnpike trust by means of n toll, nnd when the tolls are deficient, the charge is defrayed by a highway rate. Both these modes of tnxntion are to bo nbolislted, nnd county tnxntion is to supply the place. Secondly, there is to lie a county roads court, which, after the 25th March next, is to manage all the roads of the county, and to supply nil deficiencies for the current maintenance nml repair of all pn- rochinl nnd public highways by a county rate. Thirdly, as the debts to bondholders 011 toll trusts now exceed £8,000,000, the county roads court is to take means to pro vide an ' instalment pay fund,' which, in . the course of twenty-seven years, viz , at the rate of nhotit £7 per hundred yenrlv, is to pay ofr principal and interest of this debt. That pnrt of this portion which is not supplied by tolls is to bo raised by county rates. It will bo seen that this is tho point where the shoe will pinch. notice of a new government bill, for amending the qualification of Irish parlia mentary voters. The new points nre tho three following t — first the qualification to bo not occupation, but that the land held should bo rnted in the parish books as be ing worth £8 per year ; secondly, nn an nual revision of the registry, as in England ; and thirdly, an annual registration. On Wednesday-tlie house wns occupied with Mr Labouchere's repeal of the Navi- | gntion Laws. The government plan com- : prebends a total repeal of the Navigation Laws, in their four divisions under the old ' net — the colonial trnde, the carrying trade, the long voyage or intermediate trade (viz. foreign vessels bringing tropical produce from any European port, where it is held in depot) ; nnd lastly, the Britisil coasting trnde, into which it seems foreign vessels nre now to he nd milted, so far ns respects the sale of their enrgo, or part of it in any British port 011 their course. Such 1 vessels nre not to trade backwnrds nnd forwards from sttcli ports, hut they may take every one in their line. For example, London to Portsmouth or Southampton, thence to Plymouth, &c.;, or from Plymouth onwards to Newcastle, Leitli, Glasgow, &c.; On Tlmrsdny there was no business in the House of Commons. It was counted out lit four o'clock. In the Lords Earl Grey explained a new system of transportation. Those who are sentenced to transportation for seven, fourteen, or a longer term of years, are to bo subjected to hard labour nnd a due re formatory discipline for the first twelve or eighteen months in an English gaol, 'i'hoy are then to he sent to hard labour on board ships, or in gnngs on public works to Bermuda or Gibraltar. On Friday there was 110 business trans acted in the House of Lords. In the Com mons the sitting wns principally occupied with discussions on the Irish Habeas Cor pus Suspension Act nnd the grant for the relief of Irish distress. The report on the former subject was agreed to. after an amendment proposed by Mr J O'Connell hud been 1 ejected by a large majority. The | report 011 the grant of £50 000 was even- , tually carried by 128 to 39. Lenvo wns i then given to bring in a hill founded on the resolution. In the House of Lords on the 10th Feb ruary, the l.ord Chancellor moved the se cond reading of the Corrupt Practices at Elections Bill, — After 11 considerable dis cussion, in the course of which Lords Den- inan, Brougham and Stnnley spoke in no very favourable terms of the measure, and intimated their intention of opposing it in its further stages, the Bill was rend n second time. — Lord Campbell moved the Bills for amending the Law of Marriage in Scotland, nnd said that lite present measure was identical with that 011 the sums sub ject which luid passed the House last Ses sion. He explained the evils of the present statu of the law in Scotland, nn I detailed the remedies aimed nt by . liis Bills. — The Karl of Aberdeen warmly defended the ex isting law, which he declared to lie nilmlra- lily adapted to the liuliits nnd feelings of the people of Scot laud, who need not shrink Irom a comparison with nny other nation in regard to moral ami religious cull ore. — The jjuko of Argvle aud the Earl of Eglinton declared their intenlion of supporting tho Bills which, after n few words from Lord Camp- hell in reply, weru rend a second time. In the House of Commons the Irish Ha beas Corpus Bill was rend a third time, uud passed by a majurily of 168 to 13. Lord John Russell proposed tlint the Housu should go into Committee to consi der the following form of oatli to ho taken by Members of Parliament. "I, A. B., swear, that I will be faithful nnd bear true nllcgianco to her Majesty Queen Victoria, and that I will maintain the succession of tho Crown, as established by nil Act, intituled ' An Act for the further limitation of tho Crown, nnd better se curing the rights nnd liberties of the subjects nnd that I do not believe that tho Pope of Rome, or nny oilier foreign prince, prelntc, person, state, or potentate hath or ought to have any temporal or civil juris diction, authority or power within this renlm ; and that I will defend, to the utmost of my power, the settlement of property within this renlm, ns established by the laws; anil I do make this recognition, declaration, nnd promise heartily, willingly, nnd truly upon the true faith of a Christian. — So help me God." In the enso of Jews the InBt seven words to be omitted. The motion was carried by 210 to 113. Mr Bailie, in n most damaging speech, moved for n committee to inquire into tho complaints of the colonies of Guiana and Ceylon ; and also to report whether any measures eouhl ho adopted for tho better government of those dependencies. Mr Hawes snid Lord Grey courted enquiry, and the committee was grnnte d. In the House of Lords, on the 23rd Fe hruary, the Bishop of Oxford moved for a select committee to inquire into tho best means for extinguishing tho slavo trnde. The Mnrquis of Lnnsdmvne hnd no objec tion to the committee, ns lie thought tile subject was open to discussion. After some observations from Earl Aberdeen, nnd Lord Stanley, nnd Earl Grey, the committee was appointed, nnd their Lordships ad journed. In the House of Commons, Mr S. Wort- ley obtained leave to bring in n hill fnr allowing marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Several members expressed their determination to oppose the bill in the se cond rending. Mr Bouvetie obtained leave to bring in a hill to exempt from penalties clergymen of the Church of England declaring themselves D'ssenter.s. 1 On the 28th February, the Marquis of Lnnsdnwne moved the second rending of tho Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill for Irelnnd. Lord Brougham only lamented that the hill w.is to h" so limited in its du ration. After some observations from Lord Montcngle, who contended that in some parts of Ireland nt least, trial by jury wns not a farce, the hill was rend a second time. — A djourned. On the 20lh Fehruary, tho Irish Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill was rend a third lime and passed, after Lord Brougham had ; again expressed his indignation at the con- 1 duct of ntuqnf the jurymen during the recent ! trial in Dublin. The Scotch Marriage and ' Registration Bill passed through committee — Adjourned. In the Commons on the motion that the Ilogse should go into n Committe of Sup ply, Mr Cobdeti moved — " That the increase of nearly ten millions between the net expenditure of 1835, und that of 1848 having been caused princi pally by augmentations of warlike estab lishment's and outlays for defensive armn- ments, which increase is not warranted by the present circumstances of the country, I whilst the taxes required to meet the pre- | sent expenditure impede agriculture nnd manufactures, nnd diminish the funds ap plicable to productive industry, thereby adding to tho burdens of tho people, it is expedient to reduce the nnnual expenditure, with practicable speed, to the sum which in 1830 wns sufficient to mnintain the security, honour, and dignity of the nation." The motion was opposed by the Chancel lor of the Exchequer, and negatived by a I majority of 270 to 78. I The House of Lords transacted no busi- I ness nn the 28th Fehruary and March 1, nnd the House of Commons wns engaged in matters of detail on the 2Stii. On the 1st of March, Lord Ashley moved — " Tlint a humble address ho presented to her Majesty, praying her Mnjesty to ap point a commission to enquire into the practicability and mode of subdividing, into distinct nnd independent parishes, for all ecclesiastical purposes, all the densely- peopled pnrisltes in Englnnd and Wales, in such manner that the population of enclt, except m particular cases, ai me discretion of tho commissioners shall not exceed four thousnnd souls." The motion was supported by Lord John Russell and opposed by Messrs Hume and Bright; it was carried by 111 to 18. A motion for going into committee on a Bill for imposing a general rate of six pence in tho pound on every electoral dis trict in Irelnnd, in aid of the poor-law, was carried by 193 to 9G. These are the only matters of importance we notice in the debates which liuve come to hand. Several elections hnd taken place. Sir F. Baring (First Lord of tho Admiralty) wns re-elected for Portsmouth without op position. Mr. F. Peel, son of Sir Robert Peel, was elected for Leominster without opposition in the place of Mr. H. Darkly, appointed Governor of British Guiana. Mr. Bnincs, the new President of the Poor- Inw Commission, was re-elected for Hull without opposition. For Bolton the can didates wcro Sir J. Wnlmslcy and Mr. T. R. Bridson, bleacher, of Boston. Tho show of hnnds wns in favor of Sir Joshua. Mr. Bridson demanded a poll, which took place the following day, when the numbers at the close were — Wnlmsley (Liberal) 032 ; Bridson (Conservative) 5G7. There was no 1 opposition to the election of Sir 11. Lopes, for South Devon. Trnde continued in an improving state, nnd we expect to find nt tho conclusion of the snles that tho average incrcnso 011 the price of wool was three-pence per pound. Tillow was about tho same as our last quo tation, 40s. We find tho following in tho House of Commons report for Februnry 10 " Mr. F. Scott inquired how utility free passages to the Australian oolonies it wns the intention of the Colnnint-offico to give to Dorset and "NVilts ; whether it was in tended to adopt the snme course in other and what counties, and to what extent; how much those free passages would cost the colonies ; how many more emigrants might hnvo gone if the grant had been made to assist instead of giving free pas sages ; and the nmoutit of colonial funds uc present available for emigration ?" Mr. Hawes would ntnke enquiry into tho subject, nnd hoped to ho prepared to an swer the lion, member's question ot another lime. From this we suppose that some arrange ments hnd been made for removing Borne portion of tho Burplus population of those countries to this colony. The immigrants by the Emigrant nre said to have been selected by tho Honorable and Reverend S. G. Osborne, whose letters in the Times on the socicnl condition of the poor, with the initials S. G. O'., hare occupied so much of the public attention during the InBt two years. It wns reported that the government were endeavouring to get consols up to pur, when they would reduce the three per cents, to two nnd a half per cent. Sir II. L. Bulwer, late ambassador at the Spanish Court, has been appointed to succeed Sir 11. I'nkcnham, ns British Mini ster nt Washington. Sir It. I'nkenham, who is an old diplomatic servant of the Crown, will retire upon a pension. I11 France the government of President Louis Napoleon appeared to he firmly established. No decisive steps hnd been taken by the Roman Catholic powers to wards the re-establishment of Pone Pius at Romo. The Grand Duke of Tuscany had lied from his dominions. The Danish dispute respecting the Schleswig-Holsteiu question remains ns unsettled ns ever. There does not nppear, however, to be the slightest reason for fearing thnt Englnnd will become involved, whatever tnny he the character of tho Continental revolu tions. 