GERMAN IMMIGRATION. A Meeting convened by his Worship the Mayor was held at the Royal Hotel yesterday, for the purpose of considering the subject of German Immigration to this province, with reference to its encouragement and proper regulation. The meeting waited until half an hour after the appointed hour, but his Worship was unable to attend, having been engaged in other public business. Dr.Black moved, and J. Hodgson, Esq seconded, that C. H. Ebden, Esq. do take the chair. Mr Ebden having briefly stated the occasion of the meeting, called on Mr Westgarth, who explained that there were two objects in calling the meeting - the first was to give information, through the medium of the press, that a vessel was shortly expected from Hamburgh or Rotterdam with about four hundred German immigrants, of well assorted class, and suitable to the wants of the colony ; the second object was to appoint a committee of a few per- sons who took an interest in German immigration, to act in assisting the Germans on their arrival. He would also mention that Messrs Ebden, Hodgson, and others had hitherto incurred considerable trouble in reference to the settling of the Germans, and it was proposed to relieve them by the appointment of a paid secretary, a German who understood English, and had been highly recommended. He (Mr Westgarth) should be able to afford him some business, which, with fees to be charged to parties hiring the emigrants, would make up a living; that, however, would be a matter for the committee to arrange after their appointment. The vessel now expected was called the 'Emmy,' one of the largest ships in Hamburgh, belonging to the Messrs. Goddefroy, and, like all their ships, well found in every respect. Of the four hundred emigrants expected by her, ten fami- lies had been specially ordered by Dr. Thomson, under the Colonial Regulations about two years and a half ago, and would be taken charge of by Dr. Thomson on their arrival. Twenty-five or thirty families were vine dressers, in which calling they were thoroughly bred and educated, and would bring certificates with them. He had recommended the Messrs. Goddefroy to allow them credit on half the passage money, £6, which he had represented the parties who engaged them here would have no objection to pay, pro- vided they were thoroughly trained in their vocation. He had recommended that this credit should be given to adults, and that families only should be sent out until arrangements had been made for receiving miscellaneous groups of Ger- mans. Those who were 14 and upwards would, therefore, come with a debt on them of £6, which their employers would be expected to pay. He had represented, also, that in all probability the Colonists would take whole families into their service, and it was desirable that they should either do so or provide them with service and wages in the neighbourhood. When the Germans proceeded into the interior, he thought it would be easy for them to be allowed a small plot of ground to cultivate and grow vegetables, in which condition they would be quite happy ; the females and other members who were employed might work on the land, and this they considered the acme of happiness. Children under 14 he had advised should not be burthened with a credit, because it would be impossible to find them em- ployment with a debt on their head. With regard to the rest, about 200, they were chiefly agriculturists as he had recommended, and at the same time he had given the agent some strong remarks against sending artisans or tradesmen ; that in fact was where they committed a blunder in the first instance. It was not so much the fault of the agent, however, as it was the fault of the times, for events in Germany, had made artizans more destitute than peasants, and they were sent away, as an act of charity - some here and some to Adelaide. He had told the agent, that experienced vine- dressers - might expect about £20, for adults of eighteen years and upwards, upon their entering into an engagement for three years or less; and if they gave satisfaction to their employers, the £6 passage money was not to be deducted ; so that the rate of wages, in that case, would be £22 or £23 a year, a low rate of wages for vine-dressers such as he expected to find them, but it had to be considered, that their services could not be made fully available at first, from their not understanding the English language. Those members of families who were 14 and under 18 years of age, he had represented might expect about £10 a year, but, out of that, they were to pay their own passage debt, unless they were nearly 18, and in that case he thought they should be treated as adults. There was also another business which he wished to bring before the meeting, in reference to which, he and Mr. Ebden had an interview, yesterday, with His Honor Mr. La Trobe. It was desirable to form a settlement as a sort of home for Germans - a kind of reunion \- and they had some conversation with His Honor the Superintendent, on the most desirable mode of proceeding, which was admitted to be by deal- ing directly with the government, and not with private parties. He thought they should be able to accomplish this, though difficulties had occurred, as His Honor appeared to be in every way dis- posed to favor the objects of that meeting, to the greatest extent, as indeed he had all along, on the matter generally. It was also desirable that a German clergyman should be settled in the proposed township ; he expected one would arrive, if not in the next vessel, very soon afterwards, as no party of emigrants ever leaves Germany with- out a clergyman or missionary, either accompany- ing or following them, and he was surprised that one had not arrived already. He thought, how- ever, that, as a general rule, the German emi- grants would do better if scattered about the country, in service, than located in villages ; and he had very little doubt they would soon find that out, and, like others, would consult their own interest. Mr Ebden said if he had not been chairman he should have offered some remarks which his present position precluded him from making. Had the meeting been more numerously attended, evincing that the people generally took any inte- rest in German immigration, he should have thought it right to put them in possession of some facts before their aid was called upon. Speaking candidly, the German immi- grants who had arrived were as bad a lot as any ever sent to the country, and were not at all the men they required. This was to be accounted for by the fact that they consisted of men who had been rooted out from where the greatest amount of poverty existed, and emigrated to es- cape enlisting in the army. As a people, they were not a creditable sample of their own country \- they were wanting in the common feelings of honesty and industry which characterised the German race. Notwithstanding the amount in which they were indebted to Messrs. Goddefroy, with the exception of one or two pounds, not a shilling had been paid by any of them. Another proof was, that although that meeting had been publicly convened there was not one of the Ger- mans present, and though many of them had done well, and made money, they would not be found willing to lend a helping hand to those who were expected to arrive. They had found it so after the arrival of the first and second vessel, and so they would find it again; their fellow - countrymen did not come forward to offer any assistance. It was for these reasons - for the heartlessness and ingratitude evinced by the Germans - he had no wish to continue to act on the Committee. Mr Westgath said it was true some of the emigrants were a bad lot, but the Germans as a people, were proverbially good, honest, and in- dustrious. Still he was gratified to learn that those who had arrived were doing remarkably well, and were a benefit to the colony. He had two in his employ, who were the best workmen he ever had in any country; about one-fourth he believed had turned out indifferently and bad, but of the Germans as a people, there was not one out of five hundred, but what would "come up to the mark" Mr. Moor enquired from what part of Ger- many the emigrants were expected. Mr. Westgarth replied from Saxony and Si- lesia. Mr. Foster asked, as one quarter of the emi- grants had turned out indifferently and as it had been remarked that one to five hundred was about the proportion of bad to good in Germany, what cause was to be assigned, and what reason had they for expecting better results in future. Mr. Westgarth explained that in the first in- stance, a number of very good emigrants, Mora- vians were getting ready to leave Germany under a leader, which was the usual way there, when the revolution broke out, and a number of the young men were drafted off into the Militia, this reduced the party to about 200, and the next obstacle was the Danish blockade, which again reduced the party to 100. A report became circulated in Saxony and Silesia, that the Govern- ment proposed to pay the passage of emigrants, and the Agent being desirous of getting the bounty money, numbers came down to Hamburgh, where they were destitute, and it became a charity to send them away. The cholera, also, broke out, and prevented emigration. Mr. Ebden thought one great mistake had been the sending of vessels to Adelaide and Port Phillip ; he considered they ought to be sent to one or other of the ports, but not to both. Mr. Foster enquired whether Mr. Westgarth had reasonable grounds for expecting a better class of German immigrants ? Mr. Westgarth. - Unquestionably. Mr. Foster had heard complaints from some of them, that inducements had been held out to them, in which they found themselves disap- pointed ; for instance it was said that land would be allotted to them on their arrival. Mr. Westgarth said the agent was a very sanguine man, and might have over- coloured the matter, but he was not aware of it. All that had been represented by him was, that he thought families could obtain a small plot of ground from their employers, for the purpose of cultivation. In reply to another enquiry- Mr Westgarth said that it was customary amongst Germans to take degrees as tradesmen whenever they could, for agriculturists were per- sons of a standing, scarcely superior to what were called paupers in England. If they had been staying for any time in a town they would endea- vour to pick up a trade and pass as tradesmen. It had been discovered that some of those who arrived here were vine dressers, although put down in the list as tradesmen, and instead of £1000 bounty money for the first lot they only got £74. The Commissioners departed from their first arrangement principally on account of an attack on Earl Grey for appropriating money to the emigration of Germans, whilst so many of their own countrymen were anxious to emigrate. Earl Grey replied that he did so under the colo- nial act, and instructions were given that only vine dressers should be eligible for the bounty, consequently as very few represented themselves as such, the owners of the vessel received very little bounty money. Mr John Hodgson bore testimony to the excel- lent character of the Germans, and spoke from his own knowledge that many of them were doing exceedingly well. Mr Ebden did not wish it to be understood that there were no exceptions, for instance amongst the old Lutheran sect, but as a sample of German immigration, what they had received was a most unfortunate one. Mr. Foster proposed that the following gentle- men, with power to add to their number, three to form a quorum, be appointed a Committee to carry out the object of the meeting :- Messrs. Ebden, Hodgson, Wrede, Rucker, Westgarth, Buddee, Hoffman, Mag, Dr. Caspersonn, Dr. Black and Alderman Kerr. H. Moor, Esq. seconded the motion, and - The Chairman, before putting it, erased his own name and stated that he declined to act. The resolution was then carried. Mr. Robinson having been called on by the Chairman, said he was not prepared to offer any hints on the subject, but had some time since suggested the purchase of a section of land for settling the Germans on, something on the same principle as Mr. Fawkner's plan. He felt con- siderable interest in the subject of German immigration, and had visited the establishments in South Australia, when he was much pleased as well at their prosperity as at the character they had sustained, and he should be glad to see the same principle carried out here. In the first instance the emigration of Germans to Adelaide was promoted by one individual, and now there were four thousand settled there. Mr. Ebden thought the observations made by Mr. Westgarth might be misunderstood. He ac- companied him to his Honor the Superintendent, who distinctly stated, that although he desired to advance German immigration it was not in his power to afford any greater facility to Germans in the purchase of land, than to our own country- men. In fact there was none at his disposal, and even if they obtained a section for rental, within the Settled District, they would not be allowed to cultivate for sale. If they were to be located in the way proposed, either people must subscribe and buy them a piece of land, or some spirited individual must offer them land on terms worth accepting. Mr. McCombie remarked that Mr. La Trobe was prevented by Act of Parliament, from granting land, or settling it otherwise than by auction, at the minimum price of £1 per acre. Mr. Moor proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Westgarth, for his able and zealous ex- ertions in the promotion of German Immigration ; although those who had arrived were not of the most excellent class, that was occasioned by cir- cumstances over which Mr Westgarth had no control, and they ought not to be backward in rendering him thanks for the service he had performed. Dr. Black had great pleasure in seconding the resolution, and had no doubt the community would ultimately experience the benefit ot Mr. Westgarth's exertions. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Mr. Foster was then voted to the Chair, and thanks were given to Mr. Ebden, which con- cluded the business of the meeting. 