STEAM COMMUNICATION. te (From the Sydney Morning Herald, Jan. IG.J It has been on many occasions our duty to com- municate to our readers information respecting the introduction of a line of steam packets between Australia and England, but ne have never had to make an announcement which had a more busi- nesslike appearance /.han tlie one we have now- to bring before the public. On the 21 st September, the Lords of the Admiralty issued an advertisement calling for tenders to carry her Majesty's mails between Sydney'and Singapore : the tenders were to be sent in by the 2nd November, to state the expense of a monthly conveyance each way, when and where the .vessels would be ready for survey, and when ready for sea. As the Peninsular and Oriental Company had previously announced that they had tonnage ready to undertake the line, there is no doubt they would tender, and should their tender be accepted, we may very shortly expect to sec the Braganza and Lady Mary Wood in Sydney. These vessels are not very fast, and are not equal to those recently built, but they will do very well for a beginning. They were ori- ginally in the Peninsular trade, and were sent out to India to open the line between Ceylon and Cliina, while vessels for that line were being built. Should the experiment prove successful, we have no doubt that boats will soon be ptovided ex- pressly for this line. The announcement could hardly have been made at a time when it would be more gladly received, for(we are now, on tlie 15th January, without the mails despatched from London on the 1st September. ? > SUDDEN DEATH OF LORD G. BENTINCK. (From Bell's Messenger, September 2'¿.J: Ir is our most painful duty to-recoid the fact, that this distinguished man has been, willi awful suddenness, remove«! from this world. From the accounts which have reached tonn, it would appear that on Thursday ' the «leceased nobleman, having an appointment to dine ¡at Thorcsby Park, the seat of Etui Manvers, set out on foot from Welbeck Abbey, intending to wit Ik across the fields to Thorcsby Park, a distance of five or six miles. A man servant was at the lime despatched with a horse and gig to take thitlier a change of dtcss, &c;, for his lordship. Lou) George did not an ¡ve at Thotesby Park at the appointed time, and inquiries being1 made of um servant, he said that before he. left Welbeck he saw his lordship crossing the park, and after- wards observed him walking on in a field situate about three miles on the road. At length the, sei vant drove back to Welbeck to ascertain whether his master had returned thither ; but finding that such was not the case, he again di ove back to Thorcsby Park. Nothing, however, had been seen of his lordship, and several servants were immediately despatched in several directions to seek for him. His own servant proceeded along the footpath to Welbeck, and after walking some distance he saw the body of his master stretched on the ground. Life was quite extinct. The body was as quickly as possible removed to Wel- beck in a drag. It is supposed by some that lii> hu dsliip was seized with a sudden fit of apoplexy ; by otheis that his death was caused by a disease of the heart. An inquest will, of, course, be held on the body,- when the true cause of this myste- rious and lamentable event will be ascertained. In the presence of an event so calculated to humble the pride of man, and to impress upon us all a fact too much forgotten, that " man at his best estate is vanity," we forbear to touch upon the ptobable political results of" the death of this distinguished leader of the Protectionist party. ' VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. From Hobart Town and Launceston, our dates are to the 3rd inst. His Excellency Sir William Dennison had pakl'a " flying visit" to Longfoid, which, However, had not increased his popularity. Mr ."Wilmot,-Police Magistrate at Hobart Town, had "forfeited £25'damages, in an action for assault and'false'imprisonment, brought against him hy a nursemaid whom he had caused to be arrested and confined!in the lock-up on a charge ofstriking one of'her master's children. ' The transportation question was still-agitating the minds of the com- munity-, and strong-remonstrances against a con- tinuance of- the" system were made by'the free' labourers and others; ? The Hobart Town Ad- vertiser lias the1 fallowing upon the subject of a 'late-melancholy shipwreck :< " The convict marine has again been* placed under the charge of Capt. Moriarty,' the Port Officer. Since the Commis- sariat' have'taken it under its own management, the result, as might be expected from undertaking what they', know nothing about, has been any- thing but satisfactory. The appointment of an incompetent master to the Governor Phillip, and the consequent loss, brought' affairs to a climax, and- the marine has in consequence again been placed in competent hands."-To these observa- tions Mr. Cobban, the late master of the Governor Phillip, has published a reply, recounting his services during twelve years that he was connected with the unfortunate vessel. The little township of Longford was honoured by a flying visit from his Excellency the Lieut. Governor on Monday last. After putting up his hired cab at the " Blenheim Hotel," he proceeded on foot to Mr. Thomas Walker's, accompanied by his Aide-de-Camp. His Excellency does hot ap- pear to have won golden opinions from the public in general, as his visits, on this side of the island at least, have not been marked by any outward demonstrations of loyalty. In this instance, as in the case of his arrival at Launceston, none cried " God save him"-no joyful tongue gave him welcome.-Cornwall Chronicle. Land Cracks.-A remarkable appearance has been observed in places on the cast bank of the Tamar. Near Coulson's the earth has opened to the width of twelve or eighteen inches, and to the depth of two or three fevt. It has evidently been violently rent, as a large trunk of a tree, lying across the crack, was broken in halves. The oc- currence is recent, and the opening gradually increases. There are indications that extensive land-slips may be expected at various parts of the east bank.-Launceston Examiner. New Chairman of Quarter Sessions and Commissioner of the Court of Requests. Thomas John Knight, Esq , is gazetted to the above appointments, until the Queen's pleasure be known, in the room of Mr. Breton, who has obtained leave of absence. Mr. Knight has also been added to the commission of the peace.-Ibid. Scarletina.-Cases of this fever, recently so prevalent at Port Phillip and Sydney, have oc- curred in Launceston.-Ibid. < ''.?;.,; SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We have news from this colony to the 16th Dec. The arrivals of immigrant vessels were, incessant; and it would appear, from some hints in the news- papers of "Government relief" being required, that the population was increasing rather too ra- pidly. Actions at law for alleged libels, and quarrels between the Burra Burra Directors and their men, form the chief other features of in- terest in the papers. It seems, by the following extract from the South Australian Register, that a ship load of the new colonists but narrowly escaped a Danish prison : The " Alfred" from Germany. The ship Alfred, 635 tons, H. E. Decker, commander, from Hamburgh 20th August, and Rio 17th October, arrived on Wednesday, with 275 passengers, chiefly from Silesia and Saxony. Most of them are small farmers, who intend settling upon the lands of the South Australian Company. The Alfred was chased by the Danish man-of-war Meander for eight hours, during which as many as eight shots were fired, but the chase escaped by superior sailing. The efforts of the pacificators were incessant, and certain conditions which had been approved by the Diet at Frankfort were for- warded to the Prussian Government for ratifi- cation. New levies of troops were stationed close, to the boundaries of Jutland, ready to invade if the overtures happened to be rejected. In the meanwhile trade was brisk in Hamburgh, and prices were looking up in consequence of the ex- pectations entertained by many commercialists that the blockade would be renewed. The next ship laid on for Adelaide with emigrants, was the Steinwarder, to sail on the 25th August; and to be followed by the Godeffroy, also with emigrants; and another emigrant vessel was said to be under engagement. 