SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (From the S. M. Herald.) ARRIVALS. March 3.-William, brig, 121 tons, Captain Thom, from Launceston the 27th ultimo. Pas- sengers-Mrs. Ayres, Mrs. Beaumont, Messrs. John Williams, R. Beaumont, James Shetcalf, John Smith, William Smith, Thomas Taylor, John Allingham, Henry Reeves, and William Samson. 4.-Miranda, Captain Bentley, returned to port. 4.-Brighiman, barque, 384 tons, Captain Cowley, from Port Phillip the 27th ultimo. Passengers-Mr. and Mrs. Phelan, Captain Swainson, Mrs. Delaforce, Mrs. Marshall, Mrs. Cowley, and fifteen in the steerage. 6.-Laura, barque, 329 tons, Captain Dam- brill, from Liverpool 10th November. Pas- sengers-Captain Simpson, C.E., Mr. Thomas Pearson, Mr. Thomas Finch, Mr. L. Davis, Mr. Purcell, wife and family, Mr. H. Munzel, wife and family, Mr. J. Hagan, wife and child, Mr. E. Williams, Mr. J. Scoberg, Mr. D. Gomez, Mr. P. Franklin, Mr. A. Smith, Mr. P. Bramwell, and J. Sharp. 6.-Lady of the Lake, barque, 329 tons, Captain Scott, from Shanghai 17th November, and Adelaide 18th February. Passengers from Adelaide-five in the steerage. 6.-Maid of Australia, 34 tons, Danish cutter yacht, Captain Young, from Hongkong July 8th, and Aozobispo the 9th January. 6.-Eagle, steamer, 150 tons, Capt. Murphy, from Moreton Bay the 25th February. Pas- sengers-Mr. Gore, Mr. Hawkins, Miss O'con- nell, and one in the steerage. DEPARTURES. March 6.- St. George, ship, 605 tons, Capt. Jones, for London. Passengers-Mr. and Mrs. J. Jacobs, three children and servant, Mr. and Mis. J. S. Dismorr, two children, and servant, Captain Anderson, Captain Laverick, Mr. G. Smith, Dr. Elliott, Mrs. Jeffrey, and an abo- riginal. 6.-Moa, brig, 236 tons, Captain Norris, for Auckland. Passengers-Mr. and Mrs. Mon- tague, Mrs. Keightley, Mrs. Steedar, Mr. and Mrs. Codlin and son, Mr. Janies Codlin, Mr. John Woodhouse, Mr. and Mrs. Walker, Mr. Haywood, Mrs. Kelly, John Whaley, David Callón, wife and two children, Mrs. Brown and two children. 6.-Diana, brig, 103 tons, Captain Peake, for Port Phillip, Passengers-Rev.. P. T. Beamish, Mr. Callaghan, Mr. Adams, Mrs. Scott, Mr., Mrs., and Miss Sweetland, Mr. and Mrs. Burn, Mr. White, Mr. Andrews, Mr. J. Thomp- son, C. Gowty, Mr. J. Southorn, Mrs. Southorn), ' Mr. T. Williams, Mr. M'Lachlan, Mr. W. Frost, Mr. H. Samuels, Miss Calvert, Mr. P. Lloyd, Mr. J. Anderson, Miss S. Tinley, and Miss Fallon. 6.-Ellen, schooner, Captain Cooney, for San Francisco, California. Passengers- Mr. Falk- ner, and Mr, Cuthbert. 6.-Union, schooner, 74 tons, Captain David- son, for Hobart Town. Passenger- Mr. Mitchell. arrivals of coasters. March 5.-Rose, steamer, 172, Harding, from Morpeth, with 116 bales wool, 63 casks tallow, 480 bushels grain, 25 bags flour, 30 ! trusses hay, 40 rams, 62 pigs, 6 puncheons colo- i nial wine, 2 cows. I 6.-Maitland, steamer, 114, Paine, from Morpeth, with 20 casks tallow, 60 bales wool, 21 ¡ bags maize, 20 bags onions, and 2 horses ; Thistle, steamer, 127, Mulhall, from Morpeth, with 35 bales wool, 41 casks tallow, 200 hides, 30 bushels wheat, 123 bushels maize, 138 bushels barley, 2 tons flour, 1 ton bran, 50 bags t onions, 29 trusses hay, 34 lambs, 41 pigs, and 4 calves. imports. March 2.-Korth Esk, brig, 207 tons, Capt. M'Cleary, from Oporto : 20 pipes 60 hogsheads 620 quarter-casks 1250 cases port wine, 20 quarter-casks olive oil, 40 cwt. cork wood, 4 packages preserved fruits, Brown and Co. 4.-Brightman, barque, 384 tons, Captain Cowley, from Port Phillip : 2 casks white lead, 3 cases linseed oil, 1 basket turpentine, 2 cases hosiery, 1 cask hardware, 16 sheets lead, 12 octaves sherry, 134 casks beer, 4 crates earthenware, 2 cases apparel, 8 cases wine, Order. 6.-Lady of the Lake, 329 tons, Captain Scott, from Shanghai via Adelaide : 684 chests 5S5 half-chests tea, 2,400 bags sugar, ' and 1 chest earthenware, Order. Shipped at Adelaide : -3 tierces salmon, Order, 6.-Laura, barque, 329 tons, Captain Dam brill, from Liverpool: 70 tierces salmon, G. Thorne and Co. ; 4 cases merchandise, Watkins and Deane ; 34 crates 16 casks earthenware, I cask samples, Charles Newton ; 23 casks wine, Order; 4 cases floorcloths, 10 cases books, Griffiths, Fanning, and Co.; 55 kegs 1 cask nails, 6 bnndles wire, 12 bundles spades, 3 bundles pans, 20 casks hardware, William Xhompsou; 1 case saddlery, J. Lord; 12 boxes tin plates, B. Thompson ; 1 box, R. How ; 3 cases 6 bales, Smith, Brothers ; 1 case, Mon- tefiore, Graham, and Co. ; 6 bales, Lyall, Scott, and Co. ; 4 pair bellows, 52 axle arms, 13 kegs, 5 casks, 12 bundles, hardware, Smith, Croft, and Co. ; 3 hogsheads blocks, 5 cases and 1 cask copper, 1 crate 37 casks glass ware, 12 cases plate glass, 30 bales cottons, Smith, Brothers, and Co. ; 6 hogsheads 4 casks 15 bags 1- box 1 package dyewoods, A. and J. Rayner ; 31 crates earthenware, Lamb, Parbury, and Co ; 8 boxes 50 half-boxes 40 quarter-boxes drums fruit, J. H. Eccleston; 5 cases 2 bales, Buyers and Lochhead ; 1 box clothing, W. F. T. Marshall ; 115 coses 9 barrels 9 packages, Order ; 1 package clothing, F. W Owen ; 2 casks glass, 1 cask hardware, 10 crates I cask earthenware, 6 casks hollow-ware, 9 casks hollow-ware, IO casks 3 crates 1 case hardware, 331 bars iron, 20 bundles iron, 49 kegs nails, 3 casks shot, l8 bundles shovels, 1 cask, 1 cask hardware, Order ; 27 crates 2 casks earthenware, A. Sillitoe; 25 grindstones, 272 cart bushes, 50 arm 90 share moulds, 84 kegs nails, 17 casks shot, 4 tierces Saint, 6 sheets lead, Thomas Woolley: 2,039 ars iron, 1,702 bundles hoop iron, T. Donovan ; 7 bales, A. Brierley ; 2 cases, Smith, Campbell, and Co. ; 13 half and l8 quarter tierces tobacco, Order; 1 trank clothing, J. G. Sawkins; 20 bales 23 cases, Louis Davies ; 10 bales wicks, 41 barrels 20 half barrels 5 kegs 1 canister drugs, 20 barrels peas, 20 barrels currants, 20 boxes, R. W. Robinson ; 5 bales blankets, 105 boxes glass, 1 crate 3 boxes luggage, Mackintosh and Co. ; 80 quarter barrels gunpowder, W. O'Neill; 1 box books, Joseph Jubb ; 200 quarter barrels gunpowder, Griffiths, Fanning, and Co. ; 1 case cottons, Honeyman and Co. ; 15 hogsheads rum, 4 boxes 1 parcel hardware, 148 barrels sugar, 4 boxes tobacco, R. Dambrill. ships' mails. Mails will close at the Post Office as follow : For London.-By the Eliza and the Blonde on Saturday (this) evening, at 6 p.m. »The Laura, on the 4th of January, iu lat. 28° 21' south, long. 23° 5' west, spoke* the brig Llewellyn, for Ceylon, and William Simpson, for Batavia On the 11th February, lat. 39° l8' south, long. 84° 50' east, spoke the Emily Smith, from Mauritius to Launceston, with the overland mail of 20th November on board ; same day, spoke the barque Clara, from London to Auckland. The following is a corrected list of the pas- sengers by the Penyard Park, from London : Mr. and Mrs. Hudson, Mr. and Mrs. Higham and two children, Mrs. Harris, six children and sen ant, Mr. Tuson, Mr. and Mrs. Bottrel and two children, Mr. Rolf, Mr. Mason, Mr. Flide, Mr. Brown. The lblbwing ships may be hourly expected from England :-Oriental, emigrants, to sail on the 9th November ; Sumatra, merchandise, on the 1 Oth ; Poictiers, convicts, Moreton Bay, on the 16th ; Salsette, merchandise, on the 20th ; and John Knox, emigrants, from Liverpool, on the 26th. A letter to a finn in town says that the ship St. Vincent, Captain Young, is taken up by government to carry female convicts to Sydney, to sail from Woolwich about the end of No- vember. The steamer Thistle, Mulhall, for Morpeth, left the wharf at 10 p.m. on Monday evening, but owing to the heavy sea running between the Heads, anchored in Watson's Bay until Tuesday morning. On Sunday last the schooner Wave was driven ashore on the Newcastle Bight, and became a total wreck-crew saved. The heavy gale from the southward, which commenced early on Sunday morning, continued the whole of yesterday. The Dart, William, and Brightman, are lying at the Heads, being unable to work up. The sea was running so heavily yesterday that the boarding officer was unable to reach the Dart. The ship Anglia, being light, drifted from her moorings, but by assistance from the port office and the men-of war was brought up without sustaining any damage.-March 5. The Brightman, Captain Cowley, having Mr. Boyce, the pilot, on board, in endeavouring to work up from the Heads yesterday morning, was compelled to stand out to sea, and at sun- down was fully two leagues off the land. March 6.-The Brightman returned to port yesterday, and anchored in the Cove.-March 7. The Miranda, for Port Albert, hence on Thursday last, put into Jervis Bay on Friday, and left the following evening with a north-east wind. About midnight it came on to blow from the southward, when the vessel was hove to ; at 8 o'clock a.m. on Sunday a heavy sea struck her, carrying away the jibboom, and filling the decks with water; at 2 o'clock on Monday morning the barometer having fallen considerably, the captain deemed it prudent to bear up for this port. The Maid of Australia, a Danish yacht, arrived in port last night. She is manned by a party of twelve, who left Hongkong for Cali- fornia in July last, and experienced very heavy weather, which forced her to put into one of the Japan Islands, and having lost her mast and been unable to carry any sail, she con- trived to make Sydney. She is commanded by Captain Young, formerly of the Gem, brig ; and among the adventurers are Mr. Fitch, for- merly mate of the Gem, and two sons of Mr. Stubbs, the auctioneer.-March 7. Considerable damage has been done to the breakwater at Newcastle by the gales. We regret to state that Captain Allen, of the Eagle, broke his leg while the steamer was lying at Brisbane, and was unable to come on to Sydney. H.M.S. Meander will proceed to Hobart Town and return to Sydney before sailing for South America. County of Cumberland Election.-Yester- day being the day appointed for the nomination of candidates to supply the vacancy created in the representation of Cumberland by the retire- ment of Mr. Cowper, a meeting of the electors was held for the purpose at Panamatta, accord- ing to the terms or the writ. The meeting was thinly attended. Altogether there were not more than two hundred persons, and these were principally persons belonging to the town. The chair was 'taken at twelve o'clock precisely, by A. W. Young, Esq., the Returning Officer, who briefly explained to the meeting the object for which it had been called, and entreated them to give to the several candidates and their friends a fair and impartial hearing.-Mr. Went- worth proposed Dr. Douglas as a fit and proper person to represent the county, and in doing so alluded to the difficulty experienced in inducing any suitable candidate to come forward on ac- count of the expense of contesting the county, and hoped this great disgrace would be wiped away at the present election.-Mr. Pye seconded the nomination of Dr. Douglas.-Mr. Darvall proposed Mr. James Byrnes as a candidate. Mr. Shepherd seconded Mr. Byrnes's nomina- tion.-Dr. Douglas addressed the electors: his speech was almost exclusively confined to a'de fence of his conduct &s; a magistrate, and to a vindication of his independence.-Mr. Byrnes, in addressing the electors, admitted that he was deficient in that liberal education and mental training which so materially aided a legislator, but said he was ready and willing to perform hi3 duties zealously and attentively, if they should elect him their representative.-After one or two other parties had spoken, and several questions had been put to the candidates, the names of Dr. Douglas and Mr. Byrnes were put by the Returning Officer to the meeting, the show of hands being by a vast majority in favor of the latter candidate. Dr. Douglas demanded a poll, which was ordered to take place in the manner previously announced. Three cheers were then given for the Returning Officer, and the meeting separated.- Abridged from the Herald, March 7. A Hint to Justices.-On Friday last, a German immigrant, named Adolphe Hobler, was brought before Mr. Brenan, at the police office, by virtue of a warrant issued by the Yass bench, endorsed by a Sydney magistrate to give it efficiency here. The man being a foreigner and unable to speak English, Mr. Nichols interested himself in his behalf. On examining the warrant, addressed to the chief constable of Yass and his assistants, commanding the appre- hension of Adolphe Hobler for a breach of the Hired Servants Act, he found that the words " and all other constables," had been inserted by another hand than that which filled the remain- der of the written words on the document ; on examination of witnesses it was elicited that the words "and to all other constables>" were not in the warrant when it was first received by post in Sydney ; but that they were inserted by the justice who endorsed it, in order to give it efficiency in the hands of other officers than the Yass chief constable and his assistants. This fact having been established, his worship at once discharged the defendant from custody.-Herald, March 2. Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary.-At the monthly meeting of the directors of this institution, neld yesterday (Tuesday), the Hon- orable E. Thomson, President, in the chair, the case of the late unfortunate Mrs. Ann Fell was brought under notice of the meeting, when, , upon the motion of Mr. Samuel Lyons, seconded ! b\ the Rev. A. Allwood, it was " Resolved that ' the case of the late Mrs. Fell be referred to the ¡ weekly committee to make all due enquiry j respecting it, and the alleged conduct of the j house surgeon, and report the result to the next ! monthly meeting." We are «lad to find that ' the committee are acting in this matter, for the public feeling is too strong to allow it to be I slurred over.-Herald, March 2. 