LORD JOHN'S COLONIAL POLICY. (From the Times, 9th February.) Were we challenged to criticise Lord John Russell's exposition of our colonial policy, we should probably describe it as utterly wanting in practical effect. On a great subject, and delivered to an attentive assemblage in the first Senate of the world, it scarcely once breaks from the pace of a business like statement. Yet no British subject of heart and sense can rise from the perusal without feeling that he is present at a crisis of our national destinies, that he is taking part in great acts, and that he is standing at a point where the story of the past only serves to open the more splendid vision of the future. After many costs and toils' and in the midst of a great social contest, the British Empire is now on the point to be the mother of nations. It is, indeed, a season of trial and uncertainty, but the most glorious days of history have dawned in doubt, and it is only what every conquering host has suffered on the morning of victory, if England is now spent with exertion, harassed by perplexity, and saddened by the recollection of many reverses. The man who can sit down and read our colonial history simply as a thing of the past may well rise from it with unmitigated disappointment. But read that history as the beginning of better things, of which a fair promise is now at least showing itself, and we say confidently that it is enough to make any Englishman proud of his country and his age. He belongs to a country whose mission it is to sow half the world with free institutions; and he belongs to a time when that mission is fulfilled. All that England has to do at this moment is, to watch the direction of events, and to acknowledge the claims of her townspeople. She most neither.qomineeerover her offspring, nor cling to them with a coating fondness. She has only to consider what is best for them. Such is the policy of our present statesmen. No other policy would go down, either at home or in our colonies, and all the credit it will bring to our rulers is that they have the sense to see what is actually wanted, and the modesty to do it. It is this spirit which gave to Lord John Russell's address last night a power that no eloquence could have imparted. The bill described by his' Lordship is substantially the same as that introduced last June. It was then withdrawn, apparently in deference to certain friendly suggestions, and in particular to the expressed desire that it might have the benefit of colonial opinions. As it has been several times described in these columns, and as our readers will find it fully explained by Lord John, and more compendiously stated in our summary of the debates, it is unnecessary to go through its provisions. So we will content ourselves with noticing the changes it has under- gone in consequence of its eight months' ordeal, and the strictures that have been made upon it. The proposed form of colonial legislature remains the same. Our Australian colonies do not supply the materials for an Upper House of any kind whatever, and all that can be done is to divide the usual functions of an Upper House between the Governor and the Chamber of Representatives. The power of veto and revision collectively possessed by our own House of Lords is given to the colonial Governor, while the personal weight, such as it is, possessed by the nominees of the Executive is left to fight its way in the colonial Commons. The plan works tolerably at Sydney, where no other plan has worked, and at the other colonies there is still less option in the matter. In fact, where the whole legislature contains only thirty-six members, and where the mere expenses of the legislative establishment, including short-hand writers, is a serious charge on the colonial treasury, it seems almost ridiculous to think of two chambers. The next point on which misgivings have been expressed is the constituency. In New South Wales the qualification is high, and it has been apprehended that an increase of power will render the Legislative Council a mere oligarchy, unless the franchise be extended. The objection is extended to the other Australian colonies, which, in these respects, are to be generally assimilated to New South Wales. To this it may be replied that a great concession of power to a representative body is not exactly the time for giving it a more democratic! basis and as the several Legislative Council will have the power themselves of enlarging the franchise, we may safely leave this question to the increasing pressure from without, which they will be sure to experience. As for another remark we have seen, viz., that a legislative assembly has very little reality of power when a third of its members are the organs and nominees of the executive, and when the head of the executive has the right of veto and re- vision, that objection is neither founded on common sense nor the facts of the case. No alteration has been made in the optional powers for creating two houses, proposed in the Bill of last session. The most remarkable novelty in the present bill is the new arrangement of the colonial civil lists, which is an advance upon that in the bill of last year, as much as it was an advance on the original constitution of New South Wales by act 5 and 6 Victoria, chap. 76. That Act provided a permanent sum for the Governor, the judicial establishment, various civil services, and religious worship. Of these, the only payments now exempted from the absolute control of the colonial legislature are those for the Governor and for public worship ; not even the stipends of judges being reserved. If the Legislative Council should think fit to alter the payments for the Governor or for the clergy, on these items, and these alone, the royal assent will be necessary. Considering the really infantine i state of these new settled colonies, and the fact that they are but just feeling their way not only to self-government, but even to a political existence and social organization, this seems as large a concession as the colonies themselves would be wise to require. When it is left to them to fix the salaries of the whole executive, excepting only that of the Governor himself, one sees by the light of European politics how much control is left in their hands. It has been demanded for them that they should also have what is called " a responsible" executive that is dependant for office on the vote of the Legislative Council. In the present state of things we can easily imagine that such a concession would throw all Australia into the hands of political agitators, and rob it of that tranquillity so needful to infant colonies. It is to no purpose to say that Canada enjoys the privilege and uses it without any ruinous consequences. Canada is more than a century in advance of Australia, and in Canada there are peculiar constitutional guarantees, which there will not be in the Australian colonies even under the new bill. At all events let them work and win their way to more thoroughly responsible government. The scheme of federation in the present bill appears to be the same as that in the bill of last session. Though this has been represented in some quarters as a mere fancy, a wanton encroachment upon the freedom of each colony, and totally incompatible with the geographical circumstances of Australia, a little consideration will show that this is really the least original, the least arbitrary, the least unnecessary part of the measure. For some time past a multitude of circumstances has suggested the necessity of that common action which actual federation alone can secure. New South Wales, Port Phillip, or Victoria, as it is now to be styled, and South Australia are but the adjacent shores of one vast territory, with the same rivers running through all three while Van Diemen's Land lies in still closer proximity to the harbours of Victoria. Without a uniform tariff, and intercolonial free trade, it will be impossible to stop what is now causing great inconvenience and ill blood-a contraband traffic between the several colonies. Postal arrangements are also now in hand, which will require proportionate contributions. Roads, and even railway B are intended to connect the colonies. Many lighthouses are wanted, but cannot be built without some common understanding as to dues The port dues, also press for arrangement. It will soon be necessary to have a supreme court of appeal, in order to prevent diverseandeven hostile decisions. At this, very moment a singular quarrel is rising, which an assembly of delegates alone could determine. when a colony has paid from the produce of its land sales for the immigration of picked labourers, it often finds that they leave the colony for another. So keenly is this felt that it has been even proposed to detain such immigrants until they have refunded the money paid for them-a course not only contrary to all notions of English law, but absolutely impossible. If this system of emigration is to continue, it is obvious there must be some amicable agreement as to the apportionment of its costs. Federation, then, is a plain necessity, and not an ambitions invention and all the credit that can be claimed for our government is, that they have not shown themselves indifferent to the growing demands of our colonies. They may indeed think themselves fortunate that so great A work, and one so likely to hand down to the remotest posterity the names of its authors, has fallen to their lot. Such prizes do not come without fighting for them. In the unexampled difficulties of our colonial administration Lord John Russell and his colleagues have happily discovered a great opportunity, and had the courage to avail themselves of it. MORTGAGE DEBTS IN FRANCS. On the 1st of July, 1892 the sum total of registered mortgages in France was 11 milliards and a quarter, or 450 millions sterling ; eight years later, in 1946, it had risen to 12 milliards and a half, or 500 millions sterling, the increase being an the rate of 6 millions sterling per annum. Since that period the complete returns are wanting, but from the regular augmentation of these transactions it is confidently stated that the mortgage debt of the land of France had risen in 1849 to the enormous sum of 550 millions sterling; from this sum a deduction must be made of about 50Tnillions sterling for mortgages in the nature of securities not paying interest; but the actual sum paying interest, chargeable for the most part on the occupant of the soil, will still exceed 500 millions sterling, and as the average rate of interest on these mortgages cannot be taken at less than 6 per cent, (it frequently rises to 10 and 12 it can hardly be doubted that the private debts of the land, incurred since the great convulsion of 1790, constitute a charge on that property of 30 millions sterling per annum. This sum, added to the 20 millions of public taxes and dues, absorbs, therefore, 58th of the whole landed revenue of the country, and leaves the vast agricultural population of the country, including land-owners of all classes, only 38ths, or about 30 millions per annum, for their profits and subsistence. Atlas. BAD PROVISIONS nt AN EMIGRANT SHIP. PLYMOUTH, FEB. 9 The ship Countess of Yarborough, of 465 tons register, Captain John Bennett, arrived here on the 31st ult, bound to Adelaide, Port Phillip, and Sydney. She left London on the 14th of January, and Gravesend on the 23rd. About the time of her departure from Gravesend Mr. Jacobson, father of one of the passengers, made complaint before the Lord Mayor of London, of the quality and insufficient quantity of the provisions served out on board when his lordship, in reply, said that no doubt justice would be done to the complainants on the arrival of the Countess of Yarborough at Plymouth. She has 10 cabin passengers, and 95 intermediate adults, with 40 children. Since she came in, several meetings of the passengers have been held at Harvey's Navy Hotel, Plymouth, and at length they elected a deputation , who appointed Mr. Breen, a solicitor, of Dublin, their chairman. This deputation, on Monday, waited on Lieutenant Carew, R.N., her Majesty's emigration officer here, who the same afternoon went on board, inspected and condemned the provisions. Yesterday the following memorial was forwarded to the Under Secretary of State for the Colonies.-"Ply month, on board the passenger ship Countess of Yarborough To her Majesty's Under Secretary of State for the Colonies. The memorial of a deputation from the intermediate passengers on board the ship Countess of Yar- borough humbly showeth that your memorialists have been deputed by the intermediate passengers proceeding to the Australian colonies on board the above passenger ship to lay before you certain grievances. That your memorialists, with their fellow passengers, left London in the above ship on the 14th January, and Gravesend on the 23rd of January, 1850. That previous to their leaving London your memorialists were informed that the provisions on board the ship were examined and passed in London by the government emigration officers, and a certificate to that effect given to the officer at Gravesend. That your memorialists were one week proceed- ing from Gravesend to Plymouth, during which period some of the provisions, particularly the ef and pork, having been opened, were found quite unfit for use. That your memorialists, as forming the deputation from their fellow passengers, having waited OF Lieutenant Carew, the government emigration officer at Plymouth, and requested him to re-inspect the provisions, he (Lieutenant Carew), upon examination, not only found the quality of some of the stores so bad as to render it necessary for him to order their immediate removal, but also the quantity exceedingly deficient. That your memorialists were informed that the inspections, both in London and Gravesend, were conducted in the most careless manner, and that the re-inspection of Lieutenant Carew fully proves this to be the case. That your memorialists are of opinion and believe that the negligence of the officers in London and Gravesend is deserving of the severest censure of government, and your memorialists humbly request that for the protection of future emigrants this memorial may receive the consideration which is due to it from the proper authorities. And your memorialists will ever pray JOHN BREEN, chairman, GEORGE RIGG, LAWRENCE KENT, JOHN DUNN." Mr. Bennett, the master, is part owner of the Countess of Yarborough, and Messrs. Whittaker and Co. are her brokers. The first c&faks; of beef and pork examined by Lieutenant Carew were condemned. The beef is represented as being green outside and yellow within, and the pork flaccid, soft, and unwholesome ; one piece of the latter weighed seven pounds and a half before going into the pot, and under two pounds and three quarters when boiled, and this was the portion for a mess for fifteen. Many of the passengers are ashore on expenses. Lieutenant Carew will not permit the ship to leave until she is sufficiently found with good provisions. THREATENED COMMITTAL OF THE POSTMASTER OF LIVERPOOL FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT In the Bankruptcy Court, at Liverpool, on Friday, Mr. C. B. Banning the postmaster at the Liverpool Post-office, was summoned to answer a charge of having refused to comply with an order issued by Mr. Commissioner Stevenson, di rectinghimtoforward to Mr. Cazenove,the official assignee, all letters which might come to the post-office directed to George Olney, who has recently been declared a bankrupt, and who has absconded. In support of his refusal to comply with the order of the court, Mr. Banning exhibited the instructions of the Postmaster General, which he considered himself bound to obey, whether he infringed the law or not. Mr. Evans, who appeared on behalf of the official assignees, then intimated his intention of applying for a warrant for the committing of Mr. Banning to Lancaster Castle, in the event of his persisting in his refusal. As Mr. Banning still declined to depart from his instructions, Mr. Evans moved for his committal to prison for contempt of court, under the 124th section of the Bankruptcy Consolidation Act. Mr. Commissioner Perry, in giving judgment, said that great delay in bankruptcy proceedings had arisen in consequence of the London post office authorities throwing obstacles in the way of the act being carried out. He should at once order a warrant to be made out for the committal of Mr. Bauningio prison for contempt of court in refusing to deliver up the letters. Mr. Banning then considering the judgment of the court a sufficient protection for him in delivering up the letters, handed them over to the official assignee Leeds Mercury, Jan. 19. THE GOLD COAST OF AFRICA We give in another column a short article from the Times, stating that the British government was in treaty with the government of Denmark, for the purchase of the Danish settlements and forts on the gold coast, with the view of preventing that clashing of authorities, which is found to interfere with suitable fiscal and commercial arrangements there. We are now enabled to state, on unquestionable authority, that the protocol of a treaty for the cession of these bits and settlements to the British government was signed in London on Monday. One of the principal objects in view in this transaction is, that of pushing the cultivation of cotton for which the climate and soil of the gold coast are peculiarly well adapted, and which is already grown-there to some extent and of excellent quality by the natives for their own use. Man- chester Guardian Printed and published by, RICHARD Jones, at the Mercury? Office, High-street, West Maitland. 