COMMERCIAL AND MARKETS. Trade has been fair this week. Salt retains its high price, Liverpool being quoted at 8s. per cwt. retail, and 7s. 6d. in quantities. Thirty bales of skin wool were bought at lid. per lb. Wheat has brought 2s. 9d., 3s. and 3s. Id. per bushel. Maize (new) has brought 3s., 3s. 6d., and 4s. Id. per bushel. Old maize is enquired for, but it appears none is to be had. English barley has brought 2s. 6d. per bushel. Farm produce continues in demand, and at the same prices, bacon and hams at 6d. per Ib., and lard at 5d., wholesale. Dairy produce is somewhat more plentiful, and the price of butter is rather less; cheese remains the same. In poultry the only change reported is a slight fall in fowls. Eggs are higher, bringing 9d. per dozen wholesale. In vegetables there appears little change in prices, but they are more plentiful. Fruit is quoted at the same prices ; the supply is now much slackened, as is usual at this late period of the season. [A report was current in town yesterday that there had been a great fall, on Thursday, in" the prices of wheat, maize, and barley in Sydney. We were shown a price list from a produce agent quoting wheat at 2s. 6d. to 3s., maize, at 3s. to 3s. 3d., and barley (best) at 2s. 9d. What had occasioned so sudden and great a fall was not stated.] PRICES OF FLOUR AND BRAN AT TUE MILLS. Fur 100 lbs. cash .; if booked Is. additional. Firsts. Seconds. Ration. Bran. s. il. s. d. s. d. s. d. Nicholson's mill... IO 0 .... 8 0 .... 0 0 4 0 Portus'smill.IO 0 .... 8 0 .... 0 0 4 0 Hone}sett's mill... 10 0 .... 8 0 .... 0 0 4 0 Smith'smill. 9 0_8 0_7 0 3 0 Green's mill.IO 0....8 0....0 0 4 0 Singleton mill.10 0....8 0....0 0 4 0 EXPORT OF WOOL AND TALLOW.-The fol- lowing is a statement of the quantity of wool and tallow shipped from Morpeth by the Com- pany's steamers, from the 27th April to the 3rd May : WOOL. TALLOW. Balee. Tons cwt. qrs. April 27.-Anlaby's Wharf... 71 25 1 1 27.-Taylor's Wharf.. 0 113 11 2 29.-Anlaby's Wharf... 19 10 3 1 '30.-Taylor's Wharf.. 55, 28 9 0 May 1.-Anlaby's Wharf... 0 44 2 1 1.-Taylor's Wharf.. 20 0 0 0 2.-Taylor's Wharf.. 0 7 8 0 3.-Taylor's Wharf.. 14 22 13 0 Totals. 179 251 8. 1 It will be observed that on the 27th April there were two steamers (the Thistle and the Sham- rock), and'on the 1st May two steamers (the Thistle and th,e Eagle) { the Shamrock and Eagle made these special trips to assist in clear- ing off the over-crowded wharves, the ordinary daily steamers having proved inadequate'this season, to keep pace with the produce (parti- cularly tallow) reaching Morpeth for shipment. The Eagle took 32 casks, tallow and -20 bales wool, besides otber produce ¡- the Shamrock took 270 casks tallow (113$ tons), the largest single shipment of that article eyer made from Morpeth, and no doubt from any .other ¡port in Australia by a steamer.--In. addition to the above exports by steamers, the coaster Edward took three casks tallow from Newcastle. . ACRES UNDER VINE CULTIVATION IN THE MAITLAND POLICE DISTRICT.-In -the Mercury of Saturday last we mentioned that the returns from the vineyards ia the Maitland police dis- trict this season, of acres under vine cultivation, and their produce, was-acres, 88; gallons of wine produced, 15,580; gallons of brandy pro- duced, 350 ; and we mentioned also that one of the largest producers, not having then com pleted his vintage, had not given in his returns, We have now been favored with the returns from this gentleman, who has, from 6¾ acres of vines, produced this season 2,700 gallons of wine, 70 gallons of brandy, and has sold 8000lbs. of grapes. Thus, the eighteen vineyards nov in- cluded in the return contain 94¾ acres, and have produced this season 18,280 gallons of wine, and 420 gallons of brandy. Even now two or three vineyards are omitted, and these with other smaller plots ander vine cultivation within our own knowledge, would bring the total return within the Maitland police district to above 100 acres. The return of 8000 lbs. of grapes sold from one vineyard of 6f acres, in addition to on average production per acre of 400 gallons of wine, and 10 gallons of brandy, suggests the idea that the total quantity of grapes sold from the whole 100 acres must be very considerable, even allowing for the portions of land included which are only recently planted. . THE CENTRAL VINEYARD ASSOCIATION.-At the meeting of the Hunter River Vineyard Association held on Wednesday, the 24th alt., it was mentioned, in the course of conversation, that an association was forming in Sydney or the county of Cumberland of something of a similar character, but it was understood em- bracing a wider sphere of action. We could not then, however, learn anything distinct on the matter. At the meeting of the H. R. Vineyard Association on Wednesday last we were informed that the new association was being formed by several of the largest and oldest winegrowers in Cumberland and the neigbouring counties, and that its objects would be very nearly the same as those of the Hunter River Vineyard Association ; that the proposed mode of action was also a modification of that of this association ; that, however, it was pro- posed to invite winegrowers from all psrts of the colony to become members, aud take part in the proceedings ; and that it was proposed to give the new association the title of "The Cen- tral Vineyard Association," and to hold the meetings in Sydney. We understood also that the success which hod attended the proceedings of the Hunter River Vineyard Association, and the extent to which public attention had been aroused by its operations, had had considerable influence in inducing the formation of the society now proposed. THE OLIVE.-At the meeting of the Hunter River Vineyard Association, on Wednesday last, (reported in our fourth page,) Mr. Edwin Hickey, of Osterley, stated that he had this year made a small quantity of olive oil, some of his olive trees, of the large Florence kind, having for the first time come into bearing. In the course of further conversation, Mr. Hickey said the trees were grown in the garden at Osterley, and were nine years old, but that in other places they had been known to bear fruit at seven years old ; it was remarked that this was earlier than they were said to bear fruit in Spain Mr. H. replied that it was, but the olive was found to come earlier into bearing in this colony than in most of the countries of Europe. It appeared that Mr. Hickey and other members had also olive trees in bearing of the small round black sort, but that no attempt had been made to express oil from the fruit, the opinion prevailing that they possessed little or no oil ; yet it was said that m Portugal that kind is commonly used for expressing oil from. IMMIGRANTS.-On Thursday ten orphan girls, ex various ships, arrived in Maitland per steamer; of these four are open to be engaged as domestic servants in the ordinary way, and the other six are to be indentured as apprentices. Nearly all the young men and women by the Oriental are now engaged, and two married men have also engaged this week, the rates of wages being about the same as those reported in last Satur- day's Mercury. There remained yesterday in the depot, ready for engagement, ten married couples, six young men, four young women, ten orphan girls, and twenty-two children under fourteen years. NEWCASTLE SHIFPING.-ARRIVAL, MAY 1st The Danish barque Waldemar, 264 tons, M. C. Schmidt, master, from Sydney, in ballast.-Cor- respondent. RECOVERY OF TENEMENTS ACT -On Tuesday last a case was brought before the bench under the Act for the Recovery of Possession of Tene- ments: Charles Whittaker v. Charles Gale. Service of the required notices to the defendant having been proved, the case was gone into, but adjourned to Friday for further evidence; yes- terday it was resumed, and decided. It ap- peared from the evidence of Mr. Whittaker and Mr. John Smith that Mr. Smith some time since let to Mr. L. Foreman on a lease the premises now knowu as the Farrier's Arms, East Mait- land; after some time Mr. Foreman left the colony for New Zealand, and had not since returned; he left Mr. Whittaker in charge of the house and its contents, and Mr. Whittaker paid some rent to Mr. Smith for Mr. Foreman; subsequently a cheque of Mr. Foreman's for the amount of two months' further rent was handed over by Mr. Whittaker to Mr. Smith, but was dishonored on presentation ; Mr. Smith insisted on having his rent, and as the lease contained a proviso that the lease should be forfeited if the rent was allowed to become more than 21 days overdue, he contended that Mr. Foreman's lease was forfeited, and he consequently took possession of the premises; Mr. Whittaker then took a lease of the premises from Mr. Smith in his own name, and he still continued a tenant under that lease. At the time Mr. Foreman left, Mr. Gale was in the occupation of a portion of the premises which was used as a butcher's shop and a room over, and Mr. Whittaker did not at first disturb Mr. Gale, who was not pay- ing rent, it appeared; subsequently, however, Mr. Whittaker desired Mr. Gale to leave, but although Mr. Gale had removed to another house, and was carrying on business there, he still refused to give Mr. Whittaker possession of the shop and room. In defence Mr. Gale said he had been put in possession by Mr. Fore- man, who told him he might stop there while his lease lasted, without paying any rent, and he was still occupying the shop and room under that permission. Mr. Smith pointed out an express proviso in the lease to Mr. Foreman that Mr. Foreman should not sub- let without Mr. Smith's written permission, and that permission had never been given for this occupation by Mr. Gale. Mr. Gale said he had subpenaed a witness who could prove that Mr. Foreman did give him possession as he stated, but it appeared the witness was not in attendance. The bench said it was clear the defendant was not entitled to keep possession of the shop and room, and they directed a warrant to issue to put Mr. Whit- taker in possession. Mr. Gale said he would give up possession at once. [ADVERTISEMENT.]-VERY BAD LEO CURED BY HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT.-The foreman at the large paper mill near Armagh,, (the property of Mr. Gwynn), from excessive' confinement and being employed so much on his feet, hod one leg swollen to such an extent OB ultimately to break into ulcers, from which he suffered so severely as to incapacitate him from attending to his duties. It was á desperate case, but this, like many of the same nature, was quickly healed by using these powerful remedies. All wounds, abscesses, contracted and stiff joints, as likewise white swellings, tumours or other unnatural enlargements, ore readily cured by the use of Holloway's pills and ointment. THE QUARTER'S REVENUE.-In the Govern- ment Gazette of Tuesday appeared the usual abstract of the revenue of the colony (exclusive of Port Phillip) for the quarter ending 31st March, 1850, as compared with the corresponding quarter in 1849. The total revenue during the quarter was £73,090, showing an increase of £4,468, the revenue during the corresponding quarter in 1849 having been £68,622. Of the revenue this last quarter the general revenue amonnted to £56,235 (an increase of £1,128), the fees and fines to £4,479 (an increase of £1,745), the miscellaneous items to £1,848 (an increase of £316), and the crown ïevenue to £10,537 (an increase of £1,280). The increase on the general revenue was principally on the following items : Duties on spirits imported, an increase of £1,593 ; duties on tobacco imported, £1,409 ; auction duty and licenses, £610. These and other items of increase, were partly balanced by decreases as follows: On duty on spirits distilled in the colony, £1,172 ; on assess- ment on live stock, £510 ; on rents of tolls and ferries, £463 ; and lesser amounts on other items. In the fees and fines the great increase arose principally from £1,747 having been this Quarter received from fees of commissioners of isputed boundaries, while there were no such I fees received in the first quarter of 1849. In the miscellaneous items, the total difference was an increase of £316 on the whole. In the crown revenue the greatest increase was £2,473 on the sale of lands and town allotments, £1,150 on quit-rents, and £500 on the clergy and school estates. The principal items of decrease on the crown revenue were £1,814 on land and immi- gration deposit receipts, and £1,426 on licenses and leases to occupy crown lands. WESLEY AN MISSIONARY SOCIETY MEETINGS. The meeting at the court-house, East Maitland, on Thursday evening, was well attended, there being about 400 persons present. Mr A. Lang was voted into the chair, and speeches were delivered by the Revs. J. Watsford, F. Lewis, S. Wilkinson, and W. Byrnes, and Mr. Jeremiah Ledsam. Mr. Watsford, besides describing the habits and customs of the Fejeans, related his trials amongst them, and repeated a prayer and other matters in their language. Upwards of £5 was collected. The meetings at Raymond Terrace, Newcastle, Paterson, Dungog, ana Mul- conda, were well attended, and the total amount of collections has exceeded the sum of £50. MASTERS AND SERVANTS ACT.-Yesterday two cases came before the bench under this act. The first was John Henry Dunn v. Matthew Peck. Peck was a hired servant of Mr. Dunn's, under a written agreement, and Mr. Dnnn now charged him with absenting himself from his service, on Tuesday, the 30th ult., and with otherwise misconducting himself. It appeared from Mr. Dunn's evidence, that Peck had applied to Mr. Dunn for leave to go away for some hours on the previous Friday, but Mr. Dunn did not then decide, but on Monday he refused him leave to go unless he got another man to work for him ; Peck did leave however on the Tuesday morning, and Mr. Dunn waited until eleven o'clock and then came into Maitland tor a summons ; and Mr. D. added that Peck had absented himself three times before. Peck stated that he left that morning to put his daughter on board the steamer, and having walked nine miles down and nine miles back, he returned before dinner, and then went after dinner to his work, but was told by Mrs. Dunn that she had not received instructions what he was to do; Peck stated also that his former absences had been occasioned by illness. Some charges were made by each against the other, Mr. Dunn stating that Peck had only shammed illness, having walked to Maitland the next morn- ing ; and Peck charging Mr. Dunn with trying to make him work on Sundays. The bench asked Mr. Dunn whether any wages were coming to Peck ; Mr. Dunn said no, but on being again asked he said that his bill against Peck was he thought more than his wages came to, there being about £5 wages due to Peck ; the bench pressed for a more decisive answer, and Mr. Dunn then produced his bill against Peck, amounting to £5 6s. 5d., and in which he hod included a charge for nine days' absence (including, as Peck asserted, and Mr. Dunn did not deny, two Sundays) ; and had also included a charge for one day's absence on the Tuesday which was the occasion of the present charge, and the costs, 5s. 6d., which Mr. Dunn had paid in this case. The other items in the bill Peck admitted. On casting up Peck's wages exactly, it appeared that the sum of £5 Gs. 8d. was due to lum. Mr. Dunn, in answer to the bench, suid that he did not wish to keep Peck in his service. The bench convicted Peck of a breach of agreement, and sentenced him to forfeit the wages coming to him ; the agreement to be cancelled.——The second case was Abraham Carr v Charles Woodward. Carr deposed that he had, on the 25th March, verbally agreed to serve Mr. Woodward as a farm labourer for twelve months, at so much per week ; on Wed- nesday last Mr. Woodward told him the sooner he left the better, and he left accordingly, but Mr. Woodward refused to pay him his wages, or give him a discharge ; he had received no money, and now claimed 30s. Mr. Woodward was sworn in defence, and detailed the circum- stances under which he used the expression Carr stated; and it appeared that Carr was doing some sawing very awkwardly, and on Mr Woodward's twice remonstrating with him, Carr threw down his saw, and refused to do any more work ; Mr. Woodward then said " Well, if you won't work, the sooner you leave the better," meaning the sooner he left that spot and went to other work ; he was surprised afterwards when Carr came to him demanding his wages and talking about leaving, and refused to pay him, or return him the discharge he brought with him. The bench told Carr he must return and complete his agreement, and they dismissed the case. ENGRAVINGS AND BOOKS.-We are requested to call attention to the sale by Mr. Ledsam, on Monday next and following day, at the Rose Inn, West Maitland, of the extensive consign- ment of engravings and books from Mr. E. Lumley, of London. The engravings are now on view at the Rose Inn, and comprise a very extensive collection, including a large number of really first-rate engravings after old and modern painters, portraits, naval engravings, sporting and coaching prints, caricatures, The books appear from the catalogue to be an extensive and miscellaneous collection in divinity, classics, medicine, arts, fine arts, voyages, ?oetry, &c.;, &c.;, among which most readers will nd something to their own taste. It is very rarely that such an opportunity as this is afforded in Maitland of selecting at auction books and engravings not previously opened for private sale.-Communicated NARROW ESCAPE.-Late on Wednesday even- ing some alarm was excited in Morpeth by its being announced that Mr. Somerville, the chief mate of the Maaland steamer, had been danger- ously wounded in the head. Dr. Wilton was sent for, and has since been in attendance 'on Mr. Somerville, and we aro happy to leam that, although at first the wounds appeared dangerous, Dr Wilton yesterday considered Mr. S. out of danger. It appears that a row took place at a convivial pariy on that evening, and a kind of general melèe followed, which was closed by Mr. Somerville falling senseless from two severe cuts in his head, apparently from a stick. One of the persons who was in the fight was subsequently apprehended, on the statement of Mr. Somerville that he believed^ he was the man who struck him, but yesterday it was intimated to the bench that Mr. Somerville declined to prosecute in the case, and the man was released.' DRUNKENNESS.-On Wednesday David M'Lean was brought before the bench, and convicted of drunkenness ; he was fined 10s., or 24 hours in the cells. INDECENT LANGUAGE.-Yesterday William Prain appeared before the bench, charged with using obscene language in High-street, West Maitland ; he pleaded guilty, and the bench having enquired into the circumstances of the case, fined him 20s. or one month's imprison- ment.-Yesterday also Thomas Ninds was charged with using obscene language on Thurs- day night, in Morpeth. It appeared from the evidence of constable John Quinlan that the lan- guage complained of tras used by Ninds about midnight, in a house, the door of which was open. The bench dismissed the case, the Act not taking cognisance of language uttered in a house. CONJUGAL QUARRELS.-On Tuesday last John Sennett appeared before the bench, charg with assaulting and threatening the life of l." wife, Margaret Sennett. Mrs. Sennett deposed that in the course of a quarrel they hod in the house of a friend, her husband struck her, seized a knife with_ which he threatened her life, and swore that in a few days he would kill her ; had not persons interfered he would have done her some mischief, and she was still in dread of her life. The case was remanded on the application of the defendant. On Thursday two witnesses described the affair, which appeared to have arisen from jealousy on Sennett's part, but according to one of thom he threatened to stab himself with a knife he took up from .the table, and according to the other he simply took up two knives one after the other, without using any remark, and allowed both to be taken from him bv a woman ; both witnesses deposed that Mrs. Sennett took an a knife also, and declared she'd run it through him if he touched her. The case was again remanded till yesterday, when Mr. Nicholl appeared for the defence. The whole of the depositions in the case were read, and it was stated by Mr. Nicholl that Sennett had not threatened to hurt his wife, nor was she in danger from him. The bench, after consultation, dismissed the case, telling Mrs. Sennett, who appealed for protection, that she could apply again when she could prove that she required it. RESULTS OF SALES.-Mr. Ledsam sold at Hat- field Park, near Dungog, on Tuesday, the 30th nit, 24 working bullocks for £68 8s.-average, £2 17s.; 5 cows, £6 2s.; 1 young bull, £3; 15 heifers and steers, £9 4s. Gd. At Windermere, on Thursday, the 2nd May, 1079 wethers sold for £159 12s. Ojd.-average, 2s. lied. 