ADELAIDE. Arrivals. — January 10. Carin Cecilia, Swedish barque, 407 tons, C. Hjarne, master, from the Cape of Good Hope 24th November, and Gottenberg 23rd August. Cargo -6616 dealt), 50 barrels tar, 25 barrels pitch, 124 tons iron, 25 tons steel. Richardaons, barque, 360 tons, J. J. English, master, frr.m Swansea 9th October. Passengers— Mr. T. English and wife, and J&r.; James, cabin ; 11 in the steerage. JL-ouglas, oarque, *i o ions, o. ij. .uougias, mas ter, from London, and Plymouth 25th Septem ber. Passengers— Mr. and Mrs. Watson, Mr. H R. Watson, Mr. J. F. Fagan, Mr. W (roldie, Mr. and Miss Coe, cabin ; 125 in the steerage January 15. Dorset, brig, 82 tons, Bowden ma*ter from Hobart Town 4th January. Robert Sayers, barque, 312 tons, Morrison, master, from Newcastle, N.S.W., 17th Decem ber, with one passenger. Venus, schooner, 50 tone, Roberts, master, from Guichen Bay. January 16. Lady Flora, schooner, Foyle, master,* from Circular Head. Emmy, ship, 654 tons, Meyer, master, trom Hamburg 5th September, and Melbourne, 4th January, with \ 45 passengers. Halcyon, brig', 174 tons, S Tulloch, master, from Launceston 9th January with 18 passengers. Letters received on Monday acknowledge the receipt of mails sent from Sydney to Singapore by the Sir George Seymour, on the 6th July, and by the Larpent, from Port Phillip, on the 26th July. Commander Shad well, formerly first lieu tenant of H.M.S. Fly, surveying on this station, had been appointed to the command of the steamer sloop Hecate, ordered for parti cular service. The William reports the ketch George hence for Gabo Island, at Twofold Bay when she left there, from which place a new schooner of about 40 tons burthen, which had been built there, was coming on to Sydney in about a week. The William Botch, left Fairhaven on the 22nd September, 1847, and from that time has procured 800 barrels sperm oil. The only vessels reported by her are the following : - January 12. Aladdin, of Hobart Town, five weeks out, clean; 31. Jane, of Hobart Town, five months out, with 100 barrels sperm. The Balmoral made the passage from the Downs in 107 days, the only vessel reported by her at all connected with these colonies was the barque Aden, off King's Island, on the 29th ultimo, from Port Phillip for London. The Balmoral brings forty German immigrants, who are chiefly vine dressers. No deaths occurred on the voyage. TAHiTi.—The Wanderer arrived here on the 22nd December, after a twenty days' run from Auckland. She sails for the Marquesas in a few days. The Will Watch is here and Ho venden is in a great mess, as he has quarrelled ?with his men, who have told all ; the Consul ?wants to stop the vessel. The Cheerful put in here in great di-tress for want of provisions ; ' they were out of everything : Ogilyie took a bottomry of £300 on the vessel.— Private Letter, dated December 22. Her Majesty's Sloop Albatross —We stated a few weeks 6ince that the Albatross, Commander Farquhar, now at Whampoa, had been ordered to England, after taking charge of a schooner, the Australia, and navigating her to Sydney. From last accounts there is reason to believe that Her Majesty's ship o Meander will take care of the schooner, as she is going to the Sydney and New Zealand divi sion of the station, en route to the Pacific and England : and in that case the Albatross will come direct to England to be paid off — United Service Gazette. The invalid soldiers will embark in the MountBtuartElphinstoneon Monday next, and she will positively sail the following morning. The Waterloo will have completed repairs to day, and is expected to sail on Saturday morn ing. The schooner Fancy, from Twofold Bay and Pambula, spoke the schooner Lillias, about twelve miles, north of Twofold Bay on Wednes day sen'night, which vessel left this the pre ceding day for Melbourne, The Thomas Arbuthnot has been ninety eight days from Plymouth, and brings 1 96 Irish orphan girls, also six married couples, and seven children. No deaths transpired on the voyage, and everything on board appears clean and in good order. The Whale Fishery —This season has been one of the most disastrous on record to the whaling vessels. Intelligence has already been received of the entire destruction of four of these, of which we merely notified the fact a fortnight ago ; and rumour has it that others have shared a like fate. These four are— the Superior, 400 tons burthen, belonging to Peter head ; the Lady Jane, 300 tons, Captain Pater son, of Newcastle ; the Frince of Walps, 380 tons, of Hull ; and a large American ship— the whole cruRhed to pieces by icebergs. The par ticulars are thus described :?- On the 12th of June last three of the abovenamed vessels were fishing, in company with eight other vessels, in Melville Bay, Davis' Straits. For days pre vious the gales had been frequent and terrific, and the seas tempestuous in the extreme. About 11 o'clock in the forenoon an alarm was raised of the floating ice setting in upon them. So suddenly did it bear down, and with such force and immense masses, that the Su | perior, the Lady Jane, and the American ship M'Lellam, of New London, had not the slightest chance of escaping it, and were speedily cut in pieces. The first vessel de stroyed was the Superior, and immediately I afterwards the Lady Jane was literally cut in two, the masts at the same time falling over hoard, and in less than two hours not a vestige of the ship was to be seen, so completely had the ice covered her. From the time the Lady Jane was struck to the moment she disappeared. the crew, consisting of 50 souls, succeeded in se curing the seven boats belonging to the ship, together with some clothing and provisions. As to the American vessel, although dread fully shattered, the crew, aided by those be longing to the Superior and Lady jane, made an effort to keep her afloat. After remaining in the ice till he 16th, and finding all attempts to save the vessel abortive, the provisions were divided, and the crews got the boats ready and launched them, and at 7 o'clock p.m., with the wind north-east, and clear weather, they sailed southward along the edge of the ice, sometimes having to encounter large fields of ice, which caused them to drag the boats over it to gain the open sea. Captain Paterson's party made land on the 19th, though the weather was thick and foggy, and after each boat's crew had obtained refreshments they set sail again and made for the nearest Danish set tlement, keeping the land in view as they pro ceeded. Thus exposed to the weather, some times rowing and sometimes sailing, and con tending with heavy falls of snow and gales of wind, they succeeded in gaining Opernawick. Leaving two boats with their crews, Captain Paterson proceeded with the other five boats, all of whom reached Lively, another settle ment of the Danes, 600 miles from Melville Bay, on the 29 th of June, where they were kindly received and every hospitality shown them, as far as the means in possession of the natives could afford. The unfortunate crews of the other vessels were, we are happy to say, equally successful ; not a life was lost, and they eventually gained the latter named settle ment in safetv. whence thev were forwarded to Orkney Islands by the first vessel that touched at the settlement. The Prince of Wales whaler was wrecked in another part of Davis' Straits under precisely similar circumstances, She was caught by huge masses of ice, cutting her up in a very short time, the crew barely having time to save their boats. They gained the Orkney Islands in safety, and have ere now, we trust, reached their respective homes. It is worthy of remark that one of the above ves sels was the oldest whaler in the Greenland service— the Lady Jane; she had been em ployed in the fisheries nearly 70 years. The destruction of the four ships is computed at a loss of nearly £50,000.— John O' Groat's Jour nal. The brig Jack, hence the 3 1st December, was entering the Backstair's Passage as the Constan t was leaving, The Robert Syers, barque, hence* via Newcastle, arrived at Adelaide on the 17th ultimo. Sir J. Franklin.— The Athenceum has a long argumentative paper to show that the re ports as to the safety of Sir John Franklin and Sir James floss are unsupported by sufficient evidence. Among those who have gone out in -whaling ships to obtain information is Mr. Goodsir, brother to Professor Goodsir, of Edinburgh, and to the surgeon and naturalist in one of Sir John Franklin's ships. A letter from Mr. Goodsir, dated at Navy Board Inlet on the 10th August, gives some further details respecting the Esquimaux 'reports. The savages stated that Sir John Franklin was at Whaler Point and Sir James Ross at Port Jackson ; that Sir James Ross had travelled in sledges from his own ship to Sir John Frank lin's; and that an Esquimaux had been on board all four ships about the end of April or beginning of May. Suspicious circumstances connected with this tale are, that the Arctic voyagers should have been 60 near the known resort of whalers and not have sent any information, as they were instructed by the Admiralty to do; that the Esquimaux should have had no papers or vouchers ; and also that those savages are in the habit of answering every leading ques tion in the affirmative. On the other hand, eminent Arctic authorities entertain a hopeful opinion. 'Sir George Back, who has had great intercourse with the native Esquimaux, declares ? that he never knew an Indian or an Esquimaux tracing to fail ; and after delibe rately weighing all the information, he is of opinion that four ships answering to those composing the two expeditions,, were seen some time in the spring of this year by the Esqui maux ; but whether in Prince Regent's Inlet, or ft) the Westward of Boothia, is uncertain.' Captain Parry, Colonel Sabine, and Admiral Beaufort, are all in favour of the truth ot the Esquimaux report.' The munificent offer of a reward by Government has had no effect in inducing whalers to go in search of the expe dition, excepting two— the Truelove and the Advice. 