LATEST ENGLISH EXTRACTS. ALL the Edinburgh journals concur in stating that the Queen intends to keep Court in Holy rood next autumn. We know also that Dunrobin is to be honoured with the presence of the sovereign. The Duke of Cambridge had completed his seventy-sixth year. Saunders' News-Letter, a staid and cautious authority, publishes a letter from the other siile of the channel, in which it is slated, without any reservation, that all preliminaries are com- plete for the final abolrion of the Vice-regal Court in Dublin-that Mr. Hume's motion, fixed for Monday, will be negatived-iand that the Earl of Clarendon will repair to\London and take his station as Chief Secretary Vf0r Ireland, with a seat in the cabinet. What other changes will follow, adds the writer, have npt transpired here as yet. It is estimated that during the year J849 no fewerthan fifty American whalers passed through Bearing's Straits, although it is only two years since fishing has been carried to that quarter, and from the average of thirteen ibips already y reported, it is supposed that the total number of \- "whales captured in 1849 would be 450, and the produce in oil about 67,000 barrels. It is stated by the Journal of Commerce that Mr. Clayton, the American Secretary of State, was about to resign. .. The Right Hon. It. L. Sheil, Master or the Mint, in the -House of Commons, gave an official confirmation of the rumour that the cause of the new florin coins being countermanded was the omission of the words "Dei Gratia" and " Fidel Defensor"-an omission which arose from the innocent intention of preventing the face of the coins being over-crowded. A proposal of Lord Palmerston to the Danish Government to renew the armistice of July 10th for six months has been rejected. Mr. Hatched, the Solicitor-General for Ireland, hail obtained a seat in the House of Commons. Lord Clarendon has left Dublin for London, to meet Lord Roden in the House of Lords. The Evening Herald thus refers to the subject -«' That with the departure of Lord Clarendon ' the Vice-royalty of Ireland shall 'cease and determine' there is not now the shadow of a doubt. In the London military circles the departure of the Guards for Dublin in the month of May is regarded as a matter long since arranged, this step being a preliminary to the periodical visitations of Her Majesty and a sojourn in her Irish capital of some weeks' duration every summer. The withdrawal of Sir Edward Blakeney from the chief command in this country will also, it is said, form part of the contemplated arrangements, that popular and distinguished veteran lo be succeeded by Prince George of Cambridge, who will be assisted by a general officer of experience and long standing in the service. Sundry squadrons of the Oxfoid Blues will, it is thought, accom- pany the Guards to Dublin." Sir Culling Eardley has addressed a letter to the editors of various metropolitan papers, requesting them to state-in order to remove the anxiety of the numerous friends of Dr. Achill!--that he is set at liberty, and that this intelligence reached Paris, by telegraph, on Friday last. A series of sanatory measures, including a bill for the prevention of burials in the metro, polis, will be submitted to the legislature immediately. , The salo of the effects of the late Queen Dowager has been brought to a conclusion, and realised about £20,000. The delegates appointed by a conference of medical nieu from various parts of the kingdom, on the subject of Medical Reform, had an interview with Sir George Grey yesterday, at the Home-nffice. The deputation consisted of Nathaniel Clifton (elntrman) Islington; Thomas Marlin, Reigate ; George B itiomley, Croydon ; John Bowling, Hammersmith; Farnham Flower, Chilcompton,Somerset; RichatdSouthee,Cam- bridge ; John Propert, New Cavendish-street ; James Bird, Orchard-street; George Jamea Squibb, Orchard- street ; George Webster. Dulwich ; P. Hood, Lower Seymour-street ; Henry Ancell, Norfolk-crescent; Thomas H. Smith, St. Mary Cray, Kent.-Tïmei, 4th March. Lord Campbell was, on the 5th of March, sworn in a Sergeant-at-law and Lord Chief Ju»tice of England, at the House of Lords» Evening Sun, 6th March. The Female Emigration Society, set on foot by Mr. Sydney Herbert, sent out their first party, on Monday, March 4, by the ship Culloden, for Port Phillip. The individuals selected for this first experiment were 38 in number, and are described as young women of excellent character. The ship selected for them carries out a number of other.emigrants, and it is said to be the determination of the Society thus to draft off their protégés m the ordinary vessels sailing for Australia, rallier than lo charter ships especially to carry those only who receive the assistance of the Society. The Gazette contains notifications of Her Majesty having been pleased to direct letters paient to be passed under the Great Seal, granting the dignity of a Baron of the United Kingdom unto S.r "Albert Denison Denison, Knight, commonly called Lord Albert Denison Denison, by the name, style, and title of Baron Loiidesbornugh, of Lomlesborough, in the East Riding of the County of York ; and also letters patent granting a similar dignity unto Samuel Jones Lloyd, Esq., attd the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten, by the name, style, and title of Baron Overstone, of Overstone and Fotheringhay, both in the county of North- ampton. Sheriff Gordon has been elected Lord Rector of the University of Aberdeen. Capt. Sir Charles Sullivan Bart., has been promoted to the rank of Rear- Admiral of' the Blue, vice Sir Gordon Bremer, deceased. ' '~ Mr. T. B. Macaulay has been elected Professor of Ancient History in the Royal Academy." Sir ' R. H. Inglis has been appointed Antiquarian Professor in the same institution. A Parliamentary Committee has been appointed for the purpose of enquiring into the adminis- tration of ihr Government of Ceylon, The Government had brought a Bill into Parliament for the reform of the abuses in the Department of Woods and Forests. ^ , A .lieutenant and ten seamen of Her Majesty's ship Ganges had been wrecked at the Piraeus, and, afterwards escaping to the Island of Lypso, had perished miserably of cold and hunger. Mr. Elliott, the late master of the Cmlders, who was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for desertion, has been released from the Queen's Bench Prison, the term of his sentence having expired. Among the deaths are Rear-Admiral Sir Gordon Bremer (formerly Commandant at Port Essington,) Lord Jeffrey, General Lord Ay I mer, Sir William Allan, R.A., Major General Faunce, General Dudley Blake, and Lieutenant-Colonel Russell Manners, C B. Mr. James Moncrieff, second son of Lord Moncrieff, is the new Solicitor- General for "Scotland, in the room of Mr. Maitland, of Dundrennan, elevated to the Bench. The Bishop of Loudon had introduced a Bil) in the House of Lords for the purpose,of taking away the jurisdiction of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council |n the case' of clergymen, of the Church of England accused ofheresy and false doctrines. ii;s Lordship proposes that such cases should te decided, jin,a purity Church "Court, the Archbishop to be the judge in a case .pit*V,rfl«ort, . , '.-The ^.ioisters had a narrow!escape in the 'first of Mr. Disraeli's moiton* ,for'relieving the -agricultural distress of the country ; the majority in favour of free trade was only 21 ! ! ! \- Edward Woodford, Esq , LL D., has been . appointed one of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools for Scotland, in the room of John Gordon, Esq., resigned. Mr. Maitland, the Solicitor-Genernl for 'Scotland, bas been appointed one of the Judges of the Court of Session, in the room of the late Lord Jeffrey, and it is. understood would take the title of Lord Dundrennan. Mr. Mackie, of Bargaly, one of whose sons died in Melbourne a few years back, was expected to succeed His Lordship as member for the Siewartry of '.Kirkcudbright. . Capt. J. Dalrymple Hay, R.N., «ho has distin- guished himself co much by his late operations against the pirates in the Chinese seas, has intimated to the Town Council of Stranraer, his intention of presenting lo that Burgh,'as the largest town in his native county, one of the flags captured by him from the Chinese. The stewards of the Jockey Club have declined the match proposed by the Pacha of Egypt. Lord John Russell had stated that it was hoped that the Chancellor of the Exchequer would make his financial statement on the 15th of March. ' Falkner Hope, Esq., is appointed a stipend- iary magistrate for the Cape of Good Hope. 'Captain Henderson, R.N, has taken his departure to superintend the improved convict system in Western Australia. Messrs. Peacock, Edwin James, Prendergast, O'Malley, Hoggins, Macauley, Townsend, Greaves, Bliss, Grainger, and Carpenter Rowe, of the English Bar, have been appointed Queen's Counsel. William Westall, Esq., F.R.A., so long and favourably known in our native school of paint- ing, died on the 22nd February, at his residence io St. John's Wood. Mr. Disraeli, M.P, was seriously indisposed. St. Jambs's Palace and Marlborough 'House.-These ancient edifices are about to be pulled down. It is not yet determined how the sites will be disposed of. There is a talk of a new palace : we hope not in this situation ; but that the Queen wants a palace creditable to the nation no one entertains a doubt. ThcDwbctob of Admiralty Engineering, '&c.; -This appointment, held by the late Lieut.< Colonel Irvine, C.B., has been given to Lieut Colonel C. F. Green, formerly of the East India Company's service. The value of the appointment i* £1000 a-year. The estimate of the sums required for the Post Office Packet Service is as follows. The total charge is £764,236 made up of £629,290 for the contract packet service, and £134,946 for Queen's vessels employed in the service of the Post-office. An alarming fire took place on the 26th February, in Camomile-street, Bishopsgate, by which many thousand pounds worth of property was destroyed. The premises in which the dis- aster occurred were formerly used as a dissenting Chapel, but at the lime of the fire were in the occupancy of Messrs. Heron, M'Cullock and Squire, the extensive wholesale and export druggists. By the printed accounts of the Metropolitan police force for the year ending the 31st De- cember last, it appears that the total amount of the receipts for the preceding year was £442,518 13s. 8tl. The total sum paid for the force was £373.640 11s. lid., leaving a balance in band of £68,875 Is. 9d. The num- ber of the force on the 1st January last was 5,492, of which 4,769 were constables, 1,218 in the first class, 2,354 in the second, and 1,146 in the third class. The annual return made to Parliament of Exchequer bills and balances of dividends of the Bank of England had just been printed. On the 5th January, the dividends due and not de- manded were £1,1011,342 5s. 7d. The amount advanced to Government was £936,690 8s. 81., leaving in the hands of the Bank the sum of £164,658 16s. lid. Banquet to Lord Gough.-On Monday a deputation from the Oriental Club, consisting of Lieutenant Sir James Law Lushington, G.C.B., Chairman; the Right Hon. Holt Mac- kenzie, Major-General Sir George Pollock, G.C.B., the Hon. W. Wilberforce Bird, Major General Duncan M Leod, Mr. Alexander Guth- rie, Mr. John Macpherson M'Leod, Mr. James Denis Devitreé, Major-General James F. Salter, C.B., Major-General William Martin Burton, Major-General Sir James Sutherland, K.L.S., had the honour of an interview with Lord Gough,- who had recently arrived in England, when his Lordship was pleased to name Tues- day, the 9th of April, as the day on which it would afford him much pleasure to accept the banquet proposed to be given to him by the members of that institution. Lord Castlereagh, son of the Marquis of Londonderry, and one of the members for the County of Dawn, has published an excellent and important letter defending free trade against some of the attacks made upon it by the Pro- tectionist landlords in their late abortive crusade for high rents. The Emigration Commissioners are adver- tising for more ships for Australia. We have received intelligence of the death _ of Lord Jeffrey, one of the judges of the Court "of Session in Scotland, but better known by his share in the establishment of the Edinburgh Review, and his long connection with that cele- brated publication. The melancholy event occurred at six o'clock on Saturday evening. The Commissioners of Woods and Forests nave accorded a space of ground, near Victoria park, for the site of an intended new hospital for the treatment of diseases of the chest. The Board of Health propose lo abolish ex- tramural interment; they contend that vegeta- tion absorbs the pestilential essences, and pro- pose a great national cemetery somewhere in Kent, planted with trees ; a bill opon this subject has been introduced by Mr. Lacy. Mr. M'Kinnon was about bringing in a Bill for improving the Postal Communication be- tween London and Paris. , At a general court* of the Governors of the King's College Hospital, it was stated that a generous offer had been made by an anonymous individual, under the name of a friend to the Hospital, to subscribe the sum of £5000 towards the undertaking; and several large donations, amounting in the aggregate to .£22,000, had also been received from anony- mous sources. A person named John Bnguley, who died lately at Chilwell, near Nottingham, at the advanced age of three score years and ten, confessed on his death-bed that twenty-three jeara previously be murdered a man and disposed of the body. His late wife, who it .' appears was cognisant of the murder, died five or fix yean ago, and said a short time prior to her death that she had something on her mind which she should like to reveal ; but this coming, to her husband's knowledge he never after would allow a stranger to go to her room. ' ' The present Mrs. Bogulev, now the widow of the murderer, was married to him about three years since, and describes his conduct a9 having been very strange. In his sleep he would frequently jump up' in a state of great excitement, and exclaim that some one was about to seile him, and the day before he died he said to her, " the pick that I did it with is in the dyke." - The celebrated his'torical painter, Sir William Allan, R.A.P R.S.A.. died at the age of 68. He had for a considerable time been suffering from bronchitis. " The advertisement in the Times containing the names of influential persons favourable to the total cessation of labour in the Post-office on the Sabbath day, cost upwards of £100. Exhibition of Industry of all Nations.-h meeting took place on Saturday evening, in London, at the residence of the Duchess of Sutherland, in order to form a committee ol' ladies to co-operate with His Royal Highness Prince Albert in carrying out the design of the Exhibition of the Industry of Nations, in 1851. Resolutions were agreed to by the following ladies who were present : viz., the Marchionesses of Aylesbury, West- minster, Londonderry, and Clanncarde ; Vis- countesses Jocelyn, Waldegrave, Palmerston, and Clan william ; and Ladies Grey, Dover, Peel, Fojey, Stanley, Mary Stanley, Caroline Lascelles, Shelburne, Ashburton, Granville, Flahault, &c.; ; and Lords E. Howard and Dufferin were elected secretaries to the com- mittee. During the few years that have elapsed since the first ragged school was founded in London, the number has risen to eighteen, that of voluntary teachers to five hundred, and that of the pupila to fifteen thousand. It is stated, on the authority of Sir F. Kelly, that since the commencement of the present century, upwards of forty persons, male and female, have been hung who were entirely innocent of the crimes laid to ther charge. Miss Agnes Ritchie, of the Isle of Man, has got £15,000 damages from the Rev. Phillip Davidson Bland, curate of Rotherhithe, for " breach of promite." The High Sheriff of Surrey has ordered that casts of the heads of the Maninga shall not be allowed to be published. A Pretty Pair.-It is suggested that Mr. Feargus O'Connor and Mr. Hudson had better pair off immediately.-Punch. The Times (March 6,) in speaking of the proposed " Colonization Assurance Company," says :-" Another amongst the many instances of new applications of the assurance principle is proposed to be carried out, on an extensive scale, by an association called the Colonization Assurance Company. The company, whose i bill of incorporation is now before Parliament, will purchase lands in the various colonies, and [ let them on lease in small or large lots to emigrants upon a payment of a yearly rent, coupled with an annual premium, which will entitle them to bequeath the land as freeholds to their heirs. In this way, by a comparatively small yearly outlay, the settler may enter upon his task of cultivation with the same feeling that his efforts are exercised for the permanent benefit of himself and his family, as if he had acquired by the immediate expenditure of capital the actual title to the soil ; white it will likewise be in his power, at any period of sub-1 sequent prosperity, to become the owner at once, by purchasing his policy at a direct price, calculated accoidtng to the usual system of redemption tables. It is also proposed to adopt a plan of terminable premiums, by which, at the end of 10 or 15, or any other period of years, the property may pass over to the assurer or to his representatives in case lie should have died before the lapse of the speci- fied term. The success of the entire scheme will depend upoti the spirit in which it may be worked out, but it possesses inherent entures that might be made to yield great advantages. If the lands are in the first instance judiciously and economically pur- chased by the company, and the subsequent charge to the tenant is only such as would con- stitute a fair rate of interest for the outlay and risk incurred, there will be reason to hope good results for all parlies ; but if, as the prospectus would seem to indicate, it is proposed to any extent to take lands at £1 per acre, and to charge the colonists accordingly, it will be out of the question that competition can on such terms be maintained with the United States, where, by the last advices, a measure was actually before congress to give a free grant of 100 acres to any immigrant who will undertake to cultivate them. An Irish Registration Bill had been intro- duced into the House of Commons, and it was eliciting much discussion in its passage through the House. British Funds, Tuesday, 5th March-Bank stock 207 ; three per cent, red 96 ; three per cent. 95 g ; new 3} per cent. 98 ; Indian bond 87 ; excheq. bills £1000,57 ; Cons, for account 65Í. On the 5th February there was a brilliant and tremendous eruption of Mount Vesuvius. Several secret poisonings had taken place in Armagh, (Ireland,) and incendiarism was rapidly spreading throughout Ulster. The proposed sub marine telegraph between Dover and Calais, which we (Weekly Dis- patch) announced some months since as having been conceded to Messrs. Scott and Co., by the French Government, is approaching com- pletion. The tower for the battery, offices, and general works at Dover is nearly erected ; the insulated wires are in a forward state of progress, and expected to be sunk across the Channel in the course of next month. It is runjoured that it is the intention of the Government to decline renewing the charter of the East lidia Company, upon any terms short of the maintaining to themselves the full, absolute, jole, and uncontrolled functions of government. Colonel] Romilly, brother to the Solicitor. General, las been returned M.P. for Canter- bury, in (ho room of Lord Albert Denison, who hat accepted the Chiltern Hundreds. It is said, that at the next meeting of the -Manchester. Sheffield,' and Lincolnshire Rail- way Company, exposures will be made quite of an Hudsonisn character, and that they will show malpractices quite as bad. though nut involving such large sums, as those which have rendered the ex-Railway King so notorious. Sir Charles Wood, Chancellor of the Exche- quer, was gradually recovering from his recent severe illness. Wë (Dispatch) have to announce the death of Mr. Hope Johnstone, a gentleman well known on the northern turf. He_ had long been famed as a very dashing rider iii a steeple chase,' especially at Eglinton Park. About a year ago Mr. Johnstone had a fall backwards, over a sunk fence, when on the look-out for poachers, which injured his spine to such an extent as to almost entirely confine him to the sofa. _ The 7imM 6th March writes-" It is now positively arranged that Jenny Lind is to visit the United States. , Tile,following letter speaks for itself :-In regard to the engagement of Mademoiselle Jenny Lind for America, I beg to stale that I have this day ratified the engage- ment made by my agent with this distinguished vocalist. It is true that in engaging Made- moiselle Lind and the musical associates whom she has selected to accompany her, viz, the distinguished composer and pianist, M. Julius Benedict, and the celebrated Italian baritone vocalist, Giovanni ,Balletti, my agent went beyond any amount that I had anticipated paying ; but after all, the sums to be paid to these persons, enormous as they may appear, are not so much as Miss Lind has been in the habit of receiving for her services alone, nor do Messrs. Benedict and Balletti receive from me more than their distinguished talents are at this moment commanding in London. Perhaps I may not make any money by this enterprise, but I assure you that if I kuew I should not realise a farthing profit I would yet ratify the engagement, so anxious am 1 that the United States shall be visited by a lady whose vocal powers have never been approached by any other human being, and whose character is charity, simplicity, and goodness personified. It is well known iluvt Jenny Lind never received less than £400 or 2000 dollars per night for her own personal services in Manchester, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dublin, and the provincial towns in England, and that she frequently received £600 per night. My agent saw an offer to her of £6000, or 30,000 dollars, to sing twelve nights in England, which she declined ; also nu enormous offer for the grand concerts at the Imperial Court of Russia, an offer nearly double that of my own, which she, for reasons, also dec ined. She was offered £1200, or 6000 dollars, to sing atone concert, to be given at the Great World's Convention of Arts and Manufactures in Hyde Park, London, in 1851. It was further intimated to her from Queen Victoria, that her services would be desired at about the same period, in a contemplated grand sacred festival at West- minster Abbey, where the tickets will be from 25 dollars to 100 dollars each. Both of these last offers she was induced to decline, in con- sequence of her desire to visit America as proposed by my agent. Miss Lind has miine rous belter offers than the one she has accepted from me; but she has great anxiety to visit America ; she speaks of this country and its institutions in the-highest terms of rupture and praise, and as money is by no means the greatest inducement that can be laid before her, she has determined to visit us. In her engagement with me (which engagement in- cludes Havannah as well as the United States), she expressly reserves the right to give charitable concerts whenever she thinks pro- per. Since her debut in England she has given to the poor from her own private purse more than the whole amount which 1 have engaged to give her; and the proceeds of con- certs for charitable purposes in Great Britain, wh-re she sung gratuitously, have realised more than ten times that amount. During the last eight months she has been singing entirely gratuitously for charitable purposes, and she is now founding a benevolent institution at Stock holm, her native city, at a cost of 050.000 dollars. A visit from such a woman, who regards her high artistic powtrs as a gilt from Heaven, for the améliorai ion of affliction and distress, and whose every thought and deed is philanthropy, I feel persuaded will prove a blessing to America, as she has to every country which she has visited, and I feel every confidence thal my countrymen and women will join me heaitily in saying, ' May God bless her.'-The public's obedient servant, P. T. Baunum." 