ADELAIDE. Abbivals. — February 11. Lord Stanley, barque, 386 tons, Captain M 'Kay, from Grave send 15th October, touching at St. Jago on the 13th and sailing on the 18th November, with 51 passengers for Adelaide ; 17 for Port Phil lip, and the following for Sydney : Mr. George uomns xievey, jur. uauisinn, nenry wooas, Thomas Meagher, Alfred Burnham, wife, and four children, James Bedding, Richard Cook, George and Charles Mason, Marion Cockerel!, Eliza Lewis, Thomas Fryer, Robert Hamilton, H?nry Berrs, James Derricks, wife, and six children, Charles Moors, Joseph Rose. 12. I Statesman, ship, 874 tons, Captain Lane, from Gravesend 1st November, and Plymouth 19th November, with 59 passengers for Adelaide, and 166 for Port Phillip. 13. Brothers, barque, 369 tons, Captain Eilly, from London 14th and Plymouth 2&th; October, with immigrants. The Captain of the Brothers spoke th* following vessels r— November 26. Athenian, barque, from Port Phillip, bound to London, in latitude 5*48 N., longitude 21*45 W., out 133 days, having tried the passage round Capfc Horn, met with boisterous weather, and was obliged to return round the Cape of Good Hope. December 18. Lalla Rookh, froi% Sydney, 5th October, bound to London, out 74 days, in latitude 24*52 S., longitude 26*50 W. __ ? The Princess- Royal, from Portland Bay April 21, and Bahia September 20,, was off Falmouth on the 20th November. The Eliza, for London, will positively sail to-morrow, and the Blonde on Tuesday. The Sumatra has made a fair- passage of 104 days from the Downs. Ou the 22nd Decem ber, spoke the Bangalore from Calcutta to London, out ninety- three days. 29th Decem ber, spoke the Sarah Abpgail, from New York to California with passengers The Lilias experienced very bad weather since leaving Port Phillip. In the gale that commenced last Sunday morning, she lost nearly all her sails, and was. driven to tht northward of Fort Stevens* The Laura, on the 4th Janunry, in lat. 28 21 south, long, 23 5 west, spoke the brig Llewel lyn, for Ceylon, and William SimpBon for Batavia. On t)ie 11th February, lat. 3918 ?outh, long. 81*50 east, spoke the Emily Smith, from Mauritius to^ Launceston, with, the over land mail of 20th 'November on board; same day, spoke the barque Clara, from London to Auckland. A. letter to a firm in town says that the ship St. Vincent, Captain Young, is taken up by Government to curry female convicts to Syd ney, to sail from Woolwich about the end of November, The Maid of Australia, a Danish yacht, ar rived In port on Wednesday night. She ia manned by a party of twelve, who left Hongkong for California in July and experienced very heavy weathfi, which forced her to put into one of the Japan Islands, and having loBt her matst and been unable to carry any sail, she contrived to make Sydney. Phe is commanded by Captain Young, formerly of the Gem, brig ; and among the adventurers are Mr. Fitch, for merly mate of the Gem, and two sons of Mr. Stubbp, the auctioneer. The Brightman returned to port on Wednes day, and anchored in the Cove. The Skerne, Captain Bore, from Melbourne, arrived at Newcastle, and is preparing to take in coals. The Mary Ann, schooner, waB loading for Sydney -when the Eagle left, The Miranda, for Port Albert, hence on Thursday p e'night, put into Jervis Bay on Fri day, and left the following evening with a north east vrirsl. About midnight it came on to blow from the southward, when the vessel was hove to ; at 8 o'clock a.m, on Sunday a heavy sea struck her, carrying away the jib boom, and filling the deckB with water ; at 2 o'clock on Monday morning the barometer having fallen considerably, the Captain deemed it prudent to bear up for this port. The whaling Larque Emma, of Hobart Town was lying in Jervis Bay, eight months out, with 290 barrels sperm and 310 barrels black oil. The whaling barque Eliza, of Hobart Town, left Jervis Bay on the 1st instant, with -60 barrels sperm oil. The Eliza reported havinp spoken, on the 25th January, the ship Jane, of Hobart Town, with 60 barrels sperm oil. About the middle of January she also spoke the Marie Lawrie, of the Mauritius, -with 60 barrels sperm oil ; the Marianne, of Hobart Town, with 150 barrels sperm oil ; and the brig Grecian, of Hobart Town, clean. The Oriental, for Sydney, sailed from Qravesend November 18th. The John Knox, with Irish orphans, was to sail from Plymouth December 3rd. The only additional ship laid on for this colony was the Elizabeth, 711 tons, Rees, to mil December 1st. There had been no arrivals from Sydney. Cargo of the Tamar, from Moreton Bay, 167 bales wo 1, 10 pneknges pine- apples. The Robert Henderson cleared out at Ade laide for California on the 14th. ult. with 199 passengers. Revolt on thb High Seas.— Nine of the men belonging to the whaling brig Tigress, Captain Eury, were yesterday committed for trial at the Water Police Court, for a revolt on board that vessel. Their names are Joseph Boyle, Henry Allan, William Dore, James Lee, Charles Tabiie, William Oliffe, John Coilett, John Scone, John Cowan, and William Nichols. The prisoner Boyle was third officer, and the other eight prisoners were seamen be longing to the brig. The revolt took place on the 15th February, at Manganui, New Zealand, Captain Eury having put into that harbour in consequence of one of his men having been laid up with a bad leg. The disturbance com menced in some acts of insubordination on the part of Boyle, and the captain determined upon confining him in the run. For this purpose he called for and obtained the assistance of the first and second officers, Boyle resisting violently, and declaring that he would sooner die on the spot than be taken below. At this juncture the prisoners came aft with the obvious intention of rescuing Boyle from the hands of the captain and officers ; and three of them in particular— the prisoners Allan, Dore, and Lee, rushed upon, the Captain and caused the release of Boyle by their interference. Captain Eury, when he saw the men coming aft, had caught up a cooper's hammer, and threatened to knock down the first of them who came abaft the mainmast; but they rushed upon him with too much rapidity to enable him to fulfil his threat, and struck him violently with the weapon, which they at once tore from his grasp. He next seized a marline- spike, but of this means of defence he was also deprived, and he was severely beaten by the mutineers. After the disturbance had sub sided, and the men had gone forward, Cap'ain Eury gave orders to get the brig under weigh, but the prisoners paid no attention to these directions, further than to come aft and ask for twenty- four hours' leave of absence. Captain Eury said, that he could not give it them, as he was about to proceed immediately to another port. S' me of the men said they were sick, and were unableto work ; to whichthe Captain made answer that he was about to take them to a place where they could get a doctor. Subse quently, the captain atked the piisoners one by one whether they would go to their du'y, tn which they all replied in the negative, upon which he ordered them below. By the assist ance of a boat's crew from an American whaler then in port, the brig was got out, and pro ceeded direct to Sydney, where she an ived on Saturday morning Iuk. At the time of the disturbance she had ten months' provisions on board, and by the conduct of the prisoners she was compelled to return to port before com pleting her cruise. The prisoners, at the sug gestion of Captain Browne, reserved their de fence until the time of their trial. Bail was applied for but refused. 