ENGLISH EXTRACTS. SUMMARY OF THE MONEY MARKET, FOR 1849. (From the Times, January 1.) THE year 1849 has realized the anticipation that its commercial history would be one of transition. At its commencement, the ruin consequent upon agricultural, mercantile, and political convulsions, such as in their rapid succession had been without a parallel, had just subsided, and the promise of a reaction as marked as had been the violence of the previous depression was everywhere apparent. The pro- sperity, moreover, was to bo tangible and unequivocal, for all faith had been destroyed, except in steady industry. Under these circumstances, it was easy to foresee that although the course of monetary affairs during the twelvemonth was likely to be free from violent fluctuation, a gradual rise would most probably take place, which would cause tho disparity between the prices of the funds at its commencement and at its close to be almost as remarkable at it had been during the two preceding years. In 1847 the range of Consols was 15 per cent., and in 1848 it was 10 per cent. In the year now ended it lias been 8 per cent. On the 1st of January Consols wore at 88J. The bullion in the Bank was £ 14,954,649, and the reserve of notes was £11,090,960. Trade generally was in a sound condition, and although there was a remarkable indisposition to enter into any new enterprises, it was evi- dently the result of exhaustion and want of mutual confidence, and not of any distrust as to the future. Tuscany, Rome, Vonice, Sicily, and Hungary, it is true, were each the theatre of actual or impending war, while, at the same time, the Schleswig-Holstein contest was merely suspended by a truce which was shortly to expire. But the fact had boen discovered that, oven in the fnce of the severest conti- nental disturbances, our commerce would be vigorously maintained, and it was seen that the advantages we'had thus experienced would constitute a pledge that, happen what might, every effort would be made to preserve our neutral position. The year commenced, there- fore, without a cause of serious apprehension in any quarter, and there is now nothing in the résumé of its commercial events to contradict the hopes with which it was welcomed. Early in January the buoyancy of the Consol market was strengthened by the revenue accounts showing an increase on the past year. The advices from California also assumed a character of unequivocal brilliancy. The Tim es was filled with advertisements of gold mining, streaming, and washing companies, and Gold Coast trading companies, some with a capital of £600,000, which a few warning words were happily sufficient to explode. On the 4th, a mooting was held to agree to a proposed con- version of Peruvian Stock, the price of which has since gone from 48$ to 59. The attention of the mercantile community was subsequently occupied by the question as to the most expe- ditious route for the French mail, the Govern- ment ultimately determining against the general wish to remove it from Boulogne to Calais. On the 28th, the conditions of the grant of "Vancouver's Island to the Hudson's Bay Com- pany were advertised, together with the pro- posed plans for its colonization. At the close of the month, Consols were at 92, and the im- provement in railway shares had been still more considerable. In February, the report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Royal Mint was published, showing a degree of reckless waste, confusion, and mis- management, haughtily defended and persisted in by the officials, such ns in a civilized com- mercial country seemed almost incredible, but which, nevertheless, has remained unrcfonnod to the present hour. About the same time the chicory question was first agitated, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, alter refusing the only thing that was wanted, namely, a simple measure to prevent the vendors of cliicory from selling it as coffee, gave warning to the farmers that if they continued its growth some future steps might be taken to impose a duty upon it, thus plunging all parties into uncertainty. On the 13th, the Times called attention to the desirableness that British capitalists, while the ground was yet unoccupied, should direct their energies to the enterprise of joining the Atlan- tic and Pacific by a canal through Nicaragua. ?On the 19th, a reduction was advertised of the interest on Exchequer-bills from 2d. to l^d. per day. A Danish loan of £800,000, in a 5 per cent, stock, at 86, was also announced. One-half had been taken by the Bank of Copen- hagen, and of the remaining portion £150,000 was brought upon the English Stock-Exchange, where the amount applied for was more than a million. At the end of this month, Consols had again advanced, but railway shares had suf- fered a serious decline. In March, the public were pained by the evidence taken before the Select Committee on Savings Banks in Ireland, showing defalcations in Tralee and in Dublin, which had thrown hundreds into utter destitution, from which no relief has subsequently been given, although the depositors had been all allowed to entertain a full and well warranted impression that they possessed the security of the Government. On the 7th, accounts were received of the loss of the Forth, belonging to the Royal West ludia Mail Steam-Packet Company. On the 20th, i was notified by Barings' that the remittance of 5000 dollars a month on account of Buenos Ayres dividends, which had been suspended during the blockade of the River Plate, would be resumed; and on tho 22nd, after doubts mid delays which had extended over three or four years, the gratifying fact transpired that the India-house had consented to tho required terms for the construction of Indian railways. Shares during this month continued to decline, but Consols advanced moro than 1 per cent., although the trade of tho country was checked by complications on the continent, whence the news of the vote of tho Imperial crown to the King of Prussia, of the dissolution of the Diet at Kremsier, and of the march of the Sardinian army upon Lombardy, was successively an- nounced. Early in April, the recommencement of hos- tilities in Schleswig-Holstein caused a de- pression in Consols, mid also much inconve- nience to merchants. A decline in the ex- change with the United States, followed by a slight export of gold, likewise created a little heaviness. On the other hand, Lord Gough's complete victory over Sherc Singh removed all tho apprehensions which had been rapidly gathering with regard to India. The other political events, although they comprised the bombardments of Bresciu and Bergurmo, the revolt at Genoa, consequent upon the news of the battle of Novara, the capture of Catania, the rapid successes of the Hungarians, and the first intimation of the attack by the French Republic upon the Roman Republic, exercised no influence on business beyond the tempo- rary interruption caused by the remarkable number of blockades by which they were ac- companied, the ports of Seilly, Genoa, and Venice, as well as those of the Baltic, being nil closed. At home the most exciting circum- stance was the resignation by Mr. Hudson of the chairmanship of the Midland Railway, followed by the report of the Eastern Counties Investigation Committee, showing that out of £545,714 which ho had distributed as divi- dends from the funds of the Company, only £225,141 had been actually earned, and which was the first of that numerous series of de- velopments which have caused his retirement from everything except the representation of the town of Sunderland. During this month, Consols receded l£ per cent., whüc in shares, owing to the utter distrust awakened in all quarters, the fall continued with accelerated force. In May, the wild and hopeless conflicts on the continent became still more general. All Germany was in a ferment, Dresden was in open insurrection, Oudinot had been repulsed at Rome, and the Emperor of Austria deposed by the Diet at Dcbreczin. A Bussian army was moving upon Hungary; Palermo, after a democratic saturnalia of fifteen months, had been forced to an unconditional surrender ; and Bologna and Leghorn had just been quelled by bombardments. Still, during the whole period the range of Consols was only 12 per cent., and even a great part of this fluctuation was irrespective of the above events, since a fall of i per cent, had been caused by the outbreak at Montreal. The first rcoding of the bill for the repeal of the navigation laws in tho Lords, with a majority of 10, had a decidedly favour- able influence, and a reduction of the interest on India Bonds from 4J to 3£ per cent, like- wise supported the tendency to confidence. Shares, however, went lower and lower, tho only circumstance that had the slightoat coun- teracting effect being a report from the South Eastern Committee, announcing that "only" £150,000 had been improperly paid out of capital in the shape of dividends during the preceding three years-a statement so favour- able in comparison with what had been antici- pated that it was followed .by an immediate advance of £1 per share. This month, the news was received of the annexation of the Punjab, adding 100,000 square miles of terri- tory, and a population of 3,500,000 to the British rule. I In Juno, the publication of the Presidential I Message of Louis Napoleon was one of the chief events, but it did not produce the slight- est effect on the funds. The same may bo said of the subsequent disturbances in Pans, which were followed by the flight of Lcdru-Rollin and others. About this period Baron Steiglitz, the Government banker at St. Pctcrsburgh, was understood to have arranged a Russian 5 per cent, loan for £5,000,000, at 95, with Hope and Co., of Amsterdam, the terms of wldch were subsequently rejected by the Emperor as too high. Attention was also awakened by two flagitious documents from the other side of the Atlantic, one being a decree from President Monagas, of Venezuela, enabling all the citizens of that Republic to defraud their foreign credi- tors, and the other a manifesto from Mr, J. J. Adam, the Auditor-General of tho thriving state of Michigan, defending the practice of repudiation - an example speedily followed by Colonel Jefferson Davis, a senator from Missis- sippi, both of whom, however, even in their own country, received a severo rebuke for their transparent self-degradation. On the 22nd of this month, the Chancellor of the Exchequer made his statement, showing a surplus of £120,000 in the revenue of the year ending April 6, 1849, and a« estimated expenditure of £52,157,696 against a revenue of £52,262,000 for the coming twelvemonth, ending the 5th of April, 1850. With regard to the prospects of trade, new hopes were excited by the proposal of M. Mon, since withdrawn, for the admission of cotton manufactures into Spain at an ad valorem duty of 35 per cent. ; while, on the other hand, there was some dis- quiet from the confirmation of injury to the American cotton crop by severe frosts at the end of April, and the news of the Chinese having refused to open the gates of Canton on the 6th of April, according to treaty. This month Consols experienced a rise, and there was also a favourable reaction in railway shares. On the 4th of July the telegraphic despatch of the surrender of Rome caused a further improvement in the funds, and this was followed by an announcement of peace between Prussia and Denmark, brought about by English mediation. The re-election of Baron Rothschild as member for the city by a majo- rity of 3203 over Lord John Manners, and a new chapter of Mr. Hudson's career, furnished by the report of the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway, were among the other points of attention. In August, there was little excite- ment of any kind ; the breaking up of Parlia- ment, the sudden termination of the Hungarian war by Georgey's surrender, and the capitula- tion of Venice, having put a stop to all the con- siderations that had previously occupied the public mind. The raising of the blockades of the Baltic ports caused an immediate decline in wheat of 4s. per quarter. Shares also were again most unfavourably influenced by the results of the half-yearly meetings. A new arrangement of the Mexican debt, which, however, still remains unconfirmed by the Mexican Congress, was proposed, the interest I to be reduced to 3 per cent, from 1846 to 1859, and£4,500,000 of the American idemnity money to be appropriated to its discharge. In Sep- tember, Mr, Hudson was again before the world in the report of the York and North Midland Railway, and a crash in shares took place, which reduced many of them to a lower point than had yet been reached. The now Austrian Loan was now issued for £7,100,000, in a 4£ per cent, stock nt 85, the subscription for which was only completed by the assistance of the bank of Vienna, and which has since fallen to 2 discount. The news of the distur- bances at the Ionian Islands and the Capo had no effect on the Consol-market ; but the ravages of the cholera, which during one week swept off 2026 of the inhabitants of London, caused general inactivity in business. October opened with the announcement of the rupture between Turkey and Russia, rausing a slight decline in Consols and a fall in Russian stock of 3 per cent. On the 12th, to the satis- faction of all the mercantile classes, Lord Brougham's ucw bankruptcy law came into operation. Throughout the month there was much excitement in the Liverpool cotton mar- ket, owing to tho accounts of the crop from the United States, and two or three small failures took place among the Manchester spinning houses. At a meeting of the Caledonian Rail- way Company, the fact transpired that with a capital of nearly £5,000,000 it was unable to pay a shilling of dividend. The panic in tho share-market continued, and Great Western shares were done at 48. In November wc had the dismissal of the French Ministry, and sub- sequently the financial statement of M. Fould, showing the total existing deficiency in the French finances to be £24,000,000. On the 19th, the Royal British Bunk commenced business in London. On the 22nd, the Bank of England, in consequence of the long-continued influx of specie, reduced its rateof discount from 3 per cent., at which it stood since the 2nd of November, 1S48, to 2 J per cent. About the mid- dle of the month, cotton, which at tho com- mencement of tho year was 4¿d. per lb., and which on the 27th of April had been done at 4d., reached its highest point, tho quotation being 6Jd, to 6jd. Increased arrivals of trea- sure from all parts of the world wore now daily reported, and the intelligence also came of an alleged discovery of a new gold region in Bolivia. These circumstances and the com- parative quietude. of the continent caused a rise in Consols of more than 3 per cent. During December wo had the announcement of the removal of the prohibition which had existed since May, 1848, on the export of gold from St. Petersburgh. The only other events of much interest were the accomplishment of the distance from Paris to London in eight hours nnd a half, which took place on the 11th, via Boulogne, and tho discovery of a defalcation of about £100,000 in the Rochdale Savings-bank furnishing a renewed instance of the justice of the demands for a re-orgauization of these establishments, which was urged upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer nt the com- mencement of the last session. During this month wheat reached its lowest price, the quotation being 39s. to 42s., the highest rntcs of tho year having ccurrcd in January and early in February, when the quotation was 47s. to 50s. It remains to be added, that concurrently with the unprecedented influx of gold which has been steadily going on during all the cir- cumstances above narrated, the returns of the Board of Trade have shown, month by month, an increase in the exports of British manufac- tures, as compared with the three preceding years, beyond anything that the most sanguine had ventured to anticipate. The total increase on the first ten months of the year has been, it will be remembered, not less "than £9,306,904 over the corresponding ten months of 1848, and about £4,000,000 over the same period of 1846 and 1817. At the same time, and ns a natural consequence of this state of activity, the quantities of food and other necessaries of life imported and consumed have been such as to show, when our own abundant harvest is also taken into account, that the mass of the population of the country must have been in a condition of comfort unknown at any former period. The increase in tho bullion of the Bank of England during the year, has been £2,126,000, the present total of £17,080,612, being likewise £441,327 in excess of the highest sum it has ever previously reached. The nmount of notes in circulation is now £673,775 beyond the amount on the 1st of January, and the aug- mentation in the reserve is also £1,384,260. The increase in the specie in the Bank of France during the year has been to a greater extent than that of tho Bank of England, the total having risen from £13,300,000 to £17,200,000. Having concluded our retrospect, tho ques I tion mises-What aro the indications for 1850 ? There is every sign that the influx of specie will continue. Importations arc to ho ex- pected from Russia, the silver mines of South America are in full activity, and from Califor- nia the principal amount of what has boen collected during the season will be brought by the emigrants returning for the winter. Assuming, however, that the total merely remains as at present, it must load to most remarkable results. It is from financial movements, and not from wars or phy- sical convulsions, that the chief events of public history now take their rise, and henco it is impossible that any unprece- dented condition with respect to the distribu- tion of the precious metals can occur without being followed by some unprecedented changes, temporary or otherwise, in tho general course of the world's nffairs. Whenever the bullion of the Bank of England shall fall lower, or, as at present, rise higher than has over before been known, we may surely entertain the con- viction that a period is approaching that will be full of wonders. Whatever developments may bo in store for us, in the present instance there is little need to doubt but that for two or three years at least, they will diffuse vigour and prosperity. After what has recently passedthere will bo no danger of over-specu- lation until the energies which are to be awakened by the opportunities of the time shall have open ed up new fields of enterprise so tempting nnd, at first so successful as to generate nn imitative mania, followed again hy an universal belief that the true road to wealth without industry has at length really been discovered. Without venturing to spcculato ns to the direction which our renewed energies are likely to take, it is impossible not to notice one set of causes that must oxcrt a singular influence on the commercial progress of the world. The continental storms have scattered thousands of people, many of them from districts almost barbarous from want of external intercourse, and forced them to America to share in the onward march of the Anglo-Saxons. In this way, those who wore our competitors, or who were shut out from us by prohibitions in the old countries, will henceforth become our cus- tomers in the new. The immigration to New York alone, during the past voar has been 213,651 ngainst 119,176 in 1S18, when the Irish distress had caused an enormous rush, and this again has been little more than suffi- cient to supply the place of thosa who have gone to people the coasts of the Pacific. The junction of the two oceans, the opening up of Central America, the establishment of rapid communication with Austrnlin, nu extended intercourse with China, and the formation of new steam routes, arc all inevitable conse- quences of these changes. And it is not merely to those who take wide views that 1850 brings good hopes. To the ordinary dealer, looking only to the daily course of business, there is enough to give the certainty of a satisfactory year. The recent fears of an absoluto scarcity in the supply of cotton are now removed ; the agriculturists are beginning to recognize that the depression of the past few months may bo traced in a great degreo to exceptional causes ; and railway shareholders discern a possibility of revival from improved methods of working. Tradesmen may congratulate themselves on the protection against dishonest rivals they are now likely to experience under the new Bankruptcy Act, and merchants and producers may look forward to , tho advantages of free navigation, which are to date from this day. In no direction, therefore, is there cause for anything but confidence, and hence wc may believe that when the representa- tives of commerce from every region shall gather together in the great Exposition of 1851, they will all be compelled to admit that a lesson favourable to tho universal abolition of re- strictions has been the result not only of the oxperienco of the year now closed, but also of that of the one which still remains to completo the first half of the 19th century. ELECTRIC TELEoitAm BBTWBEK FIUNCB ANO ENGLAND.-The concession signed by Louis Napoleon and the Minister of tho Inte- rior, M. Dufaure, granting to Messrs. J. Brett, Toche, and Co., the right to establish an elec- tric telegraph line between France and Eng- land, by a sub-marine communication across the Channel, arrived in town on Monday. The Company propose to establish, by means of the electric telegraph, an instant communi- cation between the two countries. The pa tentée guarantees that this telegraph shall, by the aid of a single wire and of two persons only (the one stationed in France, and the other in England), be capable of printing, in clear Roman type (on paper), 100 messages, of 15 words each, including addresses and signatures, all ready for delivery in 100 consecutive minutes. 