SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (From the S. M. Herald.) ARRIVALS. APRIL 29.-Eagle, steamer, 150 tons, Capt.-, Murphy, from Moreton Bay the 25th instant. Passengers-Mr. Mocatta, Mr. Ayerst, Mr. Isaacs, Mrs. Harper and two children, and four in the steerage. 29.-John Knox, ship, 1194 tons, Captain Davidson, from Plymouth the 6th December, and the Cape of Good Hope the 10th March. Passengers-Mrs. Greenup and five children, Mr. Bell, Miss Flower, Miss Brodie, Miss Dewint, 344 government immigrants, and Mr. Richard Greenup, surgeon superintendent. DEPARTURES. APRIL 29.-Phantom, brig, 158 tons, Capt. Brown, for Adelaide. Passengers- Messrs. M'Cobe, Samuel Heaton, Thomas Stanton, J. Rogers, Mrs. Ledain, and child, W. Tile, Charles Easton, W. Johnson and wife, W. Townend, and George Day. MAY 1.-Waldemar, Danish "barque, 264 tons, Captain Schmidt, tor Newcastle, in ballast. ARRIVALS OF COASTERS. APRIL 29.-Travellers Bride, 32, Lindquest, from Newcastle, with 40 tons coals ; Midas, 32, Campbell, from Newcastle, with 40 tons coals ; ShaynrocJi; steamer, 200, Gilmore, from Morpeth, with 270 casks tallow. 30.-Curiency Boy, 41, M'Ncil, from New- castle, with 52 tons coals ; Australia, 45, Wil- liams, frcm Newcastle, with 70 tons coals; Mau land, steamer, 104, Beale, from Morpeth, with 19 bales wool, 42 trusses hay, 28 casks tal- low, 6 bundles sheepskins, 20 bags grain, 7 pigs, and 1 calf; Rose, steamer, 172, Harding, from Morpeth, with 64 casks tallow, 69 bales wool, 340 bushels grain, 42 trusses hay, 15 bundles sheepskins, 100 hides, 48 pigs, i 6 calves, and sundries. MAY I.-Elisabeth, 36, Terell, from New- castle, with 40 tons coals ; Harriet, 30, Walker, from Newcastle, with 40 tons coals ; Edward, 28, Hutton, from Newcastle, with 35 tons coals ; William, 21, Damon, from Newcastle, with 25 tons coals ; Brothers, 27, M'Canley, from New- castle, with 35 tons coals ; Eagle," 26, Mitchell, from Newcastle, with 900 bushels wheat, '200 bushels barley, and 100 bushels maize ; Cygnet, 29, West, from Newcastle, with 1750 hides, and 80 bushels wheat ; TA site, steamer, 127, Mul- hall, from Morpeth, with 46 casks tallow, 40 trusses hay, 60 bundles sheepskins, 100 hides, 50 pigs, 9 calves, and sundries. IMPORTS. APRIL 29.-John Knox, ship, 1194 tons, Captain Davidson, from Plymouth : 30 tons pig iron, 9 tons chains, 176 tons salt, 2000 bushels | rock salt, 3 cwt. sheet copper, 8 barrels oilman's stores, 16 crates earthenware, 52 casks 17 hogs- heads 22 tierces soda ash, 10 bales candlewick, 200 barrels rosin, 8£ barrels soap, 236 feet pitch Sine, 1776 feet deals, li cases l truss merchan ise, Order. SHIP'S MAIL.' A mail will close at the Post Office as fol- lows : FOR LONDON.-By the Thomas Arbuthnot, on Monday evening, at 6. The John Knox, from Plymouth 144 days, called at the Cape, and was there eight days. From the Channel to the Cape she experienced nothing but light baffling winds. On the 2nd March, when 640 miles south-east of that port, sighted a barque, supposed to be the-Dudbroak. On the afternoon of the aame day bore up for the Cape, in consequence of the loss of water sustained by tue leaking of the casks. On the 13th March spoke the BhipJ Earl Grey, ?> for Hobart Town' with female» prisoners. The immigrants (all Irish) by this vessel are classed as follow:-38 married couples, 279 single women, 9 boys and 7 girls nnder 14 years of age, and 5 infants There were four deaths (three children and one adult) and two births during the voyage. The Amethyst^ barque, was to sail from London about the end ot January, for. a trip to Madeira, the Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, the Australian colonies, Singapore, Calcutta, and home. She is to be fitted up like a- yacht, and about 50 passengers have taken her at 100 guineas each.-Sutuh Australian Register, April li. The Ampkitrite) 24, Captain* Rodney Eden, was at San Blas, October 30th, having arrived on the 27th, in twenty-eight days from Val- paraiso. She was to fill with water and to proceed to Mazatlnn in ten days. It was likely she would visit San Blas once mord before she finally quitted the coast. If the Meander, 42, Captain the Hon. H. Keppel, from, the Fast Indies, relieves fier early enough, she will quit the station for England.about the middla' of February; but at au events she will not remain there longer than the 1st Maxck.-^Habipshire Telegraph, Jan. 5. INFANTICO.-BATHURST.-An inquest was held at the Black Bull Inn, Bathurst, on Friday, the 26th April, on the body of a new-born infant, found in a well on the premises of Mr. Mockett, in Howick-street. From the evidence of Mr. Mockett, it appeared he discovered the water in the well had become tainted. He caused a man named Lewin to be lowered down the well, who found the body of a male infant floating on the surface of the water. It was drawn up, and found to be in a very decomposed state, and appeared to have been in the water several days. A woman named Ann Morcombe, . who had" been in his employ for some time past, had been discharged about a fortnight before. He observing that she appeared to be in a for- ward state of pregnancy, suspicion fell on her. She, and another woman named Jane Downey, were apprehended. It appeared also from his evidence, that about eight days previous to the discovery of the body, the prisoner Morcombe had called at the residence of her late master, in company with Downey, and a man with a wheelbarrow to take her boxes away. On this occasion she -was observed by Mr. Mockett to be leaning on a gate-post. He did not notice at the time of the circumstance, but on the following day his cook called the attention of Mr. Mockett to some stains on the seat and floor of a water-closet, where Morcombe had been seen to enter, and which stains were traced to the gate where the prisoner had been seen standing by Mr. Mockett. There was nothing at all to connect Jane Downey with the trans- action further than she was in Morcombe's company when she went to Mr. Mockett's for her boxes. Dr. Machattie attended, and stated that he had examined the prisoner Morcombe, upon whom there were every symptoms of a delivery within ten or twelve days. He had also examined the body of the infant, and as far as its decomposed state would enable him to judge he had no doubt it had been born alive, and that death had been caused by suffocation. Ann Miller deposed, that she was present at the medical examination, and that immediately after, the prisoner told her that Mrs. Downey had no knowledge of her delivery. The coro- ner recapitulated the evidence at some length and perspicuity, when the jury returned a ver- dict of wilful murder against Ann Morcombe. Downey acquitted.-Herald Correspondent. PRODUCE SALE.-Mr. Lyons sold by auction, at his Mart, yesterday, 7 bales greasy wool, at 5d. per lb. ; 1 bale remnants, at 5£d. per lb. ; I bale odds and ends, at lOJd per lb. ; 1 bale remnants, at l|d. per lb. ; 1 bale locks, at 6^d. per lb. ; 7 bales fleece wool, inferior quality, at I2jd. per ib.; 9 bales fleece wool, at Is. lAd. Eer lb. : 3 bales broken wool, at Is. per lb. ; 1 nie clipping, at 4|d. per lb. ; sheepskins, at 4¿d. per lb. ; a lot of beef tallow, at £24 per ton.-Herald, May 1. STREET ROBBEHY.-Between the hours of ten and eleven . on Monday night, a man named Moran, residing' in Kent-street North, was pro- ceeding along that street in the direction of his home, when he was suddenly surrounded by several men, who managed to abstract from his fob a watch worth about 50s. Moran was under the influence of liquor, and is consequently unable to describe the fellows who robbed bun.-Herald, May 1. POSTAGE STAMPS.-As the postage stamps came into general use, the want of a stamp of a larger value than those now issued becomes apparent. A packet weighing three or four ounces requires almost as many threepenny stamps as will cover the face of an ordinary sized letter. The issue of a shilling stamp would be an advantage, and in some degree a saving to the government, as it would lessen the consumption of the smaller stamps.-S. M. Herald. REPRESENTATION OF PORT PniLLtp.-We understand that Mr. M'Kinnon has resigned his seat in the Legislative Council, so that there are now two vacancies in the representation of Port Phillip. Dr. Lang, it is understood, pro- ceeds to Port Phillip, this afternoon, with the hope of obtaining one of the vacant seats. Herald, May 2. THE MARKET REGULATIONS.-On the case of M'Laughlin v. Craig being called on yesterday, his Worship Mr. Holden said that the "question of the applicability of the market bye-laws to produce received coastwise was so surrounded by difficulties that he could not come to any satisfactory conclusion on the subject, and he would decline making any order therein. Al- derman Broughton was aiso in attendance yes- terday, to give his decision in the case of M'Lauglin v. Stewart, for a breach of the same regulations, but the proceedings taken therein having been mislaid, it was necessarily post- poned.-Herald, April 30. THE MARKET REGULATIONS.-The long pend- ing case of M'Lauglin v. Stewart for a breach of the by-law of the City Council for the regulation of the hay, tcorn, and cattle market, in naving exposed for sale and sold, on a certain day, a certain number of horses, on his premises, situated in Pitt-street, such* premises being within the city of Sydney, but not a place appointed to be a market for the sale of horses, <&c.;, was yesterday decided upon by Alderman Broughton. His Worship said, that in arriving at a conclusion on this case, which was one involv- ing a principle of considerable public importance, lie had not trusted entirely to his own judgment, but had conferred on the subject with getlemen legally qualified to correct any erroneous opinion at which he might have arrived; and he had been the more careful in consequence of two of his brother magistrates having on previous infor- mations for a breach of the same by-law declined to make an adjudication, leaving the public in a state of uncertainty, which, to say the least, was exceedingly inconvenient. He was not anxious to evade any of the respon- sibility which attached to the magisterial office : but" in every case which should be brought before him he would consider it his duty to give the parties concerned such redress asthe laws entitled them to expect at his hands. The first objection which had been taken to this infor- mation was, that the City Council had no power to make by-laws in respect to horses and cattle: in reference to which he was advised that the City Council had ample power to make such a by-law ; to which be might add that the City Council having assumed the power of making a by-law on the . subject, which by-law had been duly sanctioned -hy the Governor and Executive Council, it was not for him to sit in judgment upon those authorities ; he thought he was bound to assume that what hod been done hy the City Council in this matter, and confirmed by the Executive Council, was rightly done; hut if it were not so, this was not the tribunal before which the authority of the City Council to make such laws or regulations could be argued. It was the province of the Judges of the Supreme Court, and not of justices in petty sessions, to decide such a point. At present, he was of opinion that the City Council had not exceedea their powers in passing the by law. With reference to the second and third objections it was not necessary for him to'give an opinion ; for supposing theby-law to be Dad for the reasons therein stated, thiB was not the tribunal to settle the question. The object of the complainant being the assertion of his right and not a heavy penalty, his sentence was t'iat the defendant pay a penalty of 10s. with Osts 5s.; ten days allowed to pay. Mr. Little intimated the intention of his client to apply to the Supreme Court for a writ of pro- hibition, by which ' means, the whole question would be brought,, before their Honors the Julges.-Herald, May 2. THE QUEEN VV-KNIGHT.-On Wednesday, the 24th August, in the. insolvency.:jurisdiction of theSnpreme Court, anew trial was moved for in this case,, wherein.the defendant had been previously convicted by a jury'of committing an act of fraudulent insolvency. This was the* third motion made in the case since that trial, the two previous ones having failed. The ground now relied on for the defendant was that there was no clear evidence given at the trial that at the time of the alleged removal of goods (which constituted the act of fraudu- lent insolvency) there were any creditors in existence who were still creditors at the time the defendant's estate was sequestrated, as against them alone could the act bear the interpretation put on it. Affidavits were also put ia on the Íart of defendant's wife denying that her hus and either directed her removal of the goods, or knew of it. The motion was opposed. After hearing argument, the Court reserved judg- ment. On Wednesday, 1st May, the Court delivered judgment, refusing a new trial, and stating that they could not recommend a par- don, but hod resolved, under all the circum- stances, to call on the defendant to enter into his own recognisance to appear and receive judgment when and if called on to do so. The defendant then entered into the required recog- nisance.-Abridged from the Herald. 