DOMESTIC GAZETTE. BOUNTY ON GERMAN IMMIGRATION. A meeting of the Committee for the promotion and management of Ger- an Immigration, has held at the office of the Secretary in the recently erected Barrack, on Thursday ; the minutes of tho preceding meeting hav- ing been read and approved, Mr. Westgarth read some corres- pondence on the subject of the bounty on German immigration that had recently taken place with the Govern- ment, which he was sorry to say had not proved at all satisfactory. Some points in the case, however, had yet to receive consideration from the au- thorities, so that he still hoped for a result that he considered in more accordance with justice. Before reading the correspondence, which, as to most points of the subject would explain itself, he would remark that his friend Mr. Delius, as he had learned, had been already for some time vigorously beseiging the Home Governmant regarding the same claim. His friend had been somewhat discon- certed at the strict and microscopic examination to which the claim had been subjected; and in his letters to himself he had vented some sentences of sinister admiration at the economic principles of our Government, that it was much to be feared might endanger him a rough handling by the law of libel, if his high foes could be induced so far to honor him. His friend had also an unfortunate enthusiasm for letter writing, which would not stop sometimes at the fourth or even at the eighth page; so that it was not to be wondered at if he and the Government had fallen out even at the outset. However that might be, he hoped, as he had already observed, that the Government would still act with liberality and justice. The balance of unpaid passages by the Gode- ffroy, Wappaus and Dochenhuden, the three ships that brought the first German party to Port Phillip, was still about £1200, all due to the Messrs. Godeffroy of Hamburgh; so that this balance of the bounty in question, amounting to £922 10s., if secured, would go at once to these gentlemen, as well as all sums recovered, until their amount was completed. The further payments of the outstand- ings would, according to his view of the case, form a fund to be handed over to the whole of the first party, or at least to some three or four hun- dred of them, who had been enrolled as "the party." .But, as the out- standings had now almost ceased to come in, he greatly feared ever there be- ing occasion to adjust this part of the question. He was sorry to be obliged to make this remark. It did not of course apply to all, or even a very large number of the Germans; but when the. conduct of these our new fellow-colonists was in other respects so exemplary, this failing even with some was much to be regretted. One consequence was, that the Messrs. Godeffroy had now totally abandoned the plan of giving credit in this man- ner for passage money, and our German immigration had as good as ceased on that account. He hoped this notice would not be without some good effect. He would now read the correspondence alluded to— Melbourne, 6th October, 1850. SIR,— I now do myself the honor to address you on the subject of a recent interview, namely the Bonus or Bounty of one thousand pounds, of which an expectation had been held out by the Home Government to the first party of Germans emigrating to Port Phillip. Your Honor is aware that when these Germans arrived here, instead of an allowance of £1000 against their passage money, the Colonial Govern- ment found oocasion to contribute only £77 10s. for a number of between 400 and 500 of these colonists. As this proposed bounty originated with myself, in a letter I had the honor to address to Earl Grey, while I was in Britain about three years ago, I have always felt desirous of again bringing the subject before the Go- vernment for a reconsideration. But I have hitherto deemed it advisable to await some of the results of the Ger- man Immigration into this place, as regards its benefits or otherwise to the colony. Nearly one thousand Germans have arrived at Port Phillip now; and although many have not been of the most suitable classes, yet, all appear at length to have got into employment, and to be doing something for the ge- neral well-being. It seems the pre- vailing opinion, in which I believe your Honor coincides, that this immi- gration has greatly benefitted the colony, and that it is likely to do so to a much greater extent, by a continu- ance of the importations. Besides the principal advantage of receving Ger- man vine-dressers, and of some who understand wine- making, being now busy in our community, I would draw your Honor's attention particularly to two other circumstances also important, viz., a great demand that now exists for German domestic servants, and the pleasing fact of the excellent conduct of the whole body of our German fel- low-coIonists, no one of whom has yet, as far as I am aware, either here or at G oolong, been brought up for any mis conduct whatever before the civil au thorities. The letter I have alluded to as hav ing been nddrcssed by me to Earl Grey, was to this purport, that a party of about 400 Germans was at that time disposed to emigrate to Port Phil lip, provided some aid would be given them by the British Government; that from information 6upplicd by Mr. Bclius, of Bremen, who had been for some years acting as agent for German Emigration to South Australia, this party consisted principally of agricul turists, including vine-dressers, with a few of the artizan 'class ; and that such an opportunity was important as a means of commencing this emigration to that settlement. I therefore sug gested that the Government should of fer a bonus of £1000 to the party, to be paid after they hud landed at Port Phillip His Lordship received the proposi tion most favorably. But a variety of circumstances connected with the German Revolution nud the Danish war, both of which broke out subse quently, and to which it is needless herefurther to refer, occasioned a general scattering of tho party, followed by repeated delays and interrupt ions. And finally, after the emigrants began to muster at Hamburg in October, 1848, the outbreak of the cholera amongst them once more disordered their ar rangements, and prevented a correct list of the party being forwarded to the Emigration Commissioners until after caoh vessel had sailed. It was neces sary to despatch tho people with all speed from tho infected locality ; so tn&tall; who had come forward, whether for Port Phillip or Adelaide were em barked together in the first ship that could be got ready. When I subsequently explained this latter circumstance to Mr. Walcott in London, that gentleman stated that instructions had already been sent to the Colonial Authorities on the sub ject. This was much to bo regretted, because throughout the correspondence on this subject, which your Honor kindly permitted me to read, there is nn eyident impression of a wilful neg ligence on the part of the agents in regard to theselists, that was yery far from being the case. I myself had oc- ' casion to witness how difficult a busi ness it was, from j. .multitude of con fused documents, Shut in by the heads of the emigrating paHies, te form cor rect lists. One principal cauBO of confusion, and which was not fully discovered and explained until after all the three first ships bad Bailed, was the circumstanoe that all the Germans, who on any pre tence could do so, entered tlicinselvc- on the lists ns artisans. This is a common custom in Germany, when something of an art is acquired by the country people, during their temporary stay in the towns for militia services (lsndwlier.) In this respect the lists were very incorrect, and did great in justice to the party with reference to its suitableness to the colnnv. In the first lists for example, out of 450 per sons only two were described as vine dressers ; whereas the neighbourhood of Melbourne alone contains already a great number of gardeners and vine dressers brought from Germany with this and subsequent parties. In conclusion, I would only submit to your Honor, that both in the origi nal party of German Immigrants, and in those who have since followed them, many important additions have been made to our colonial industry ; in short that the object contemplated, when I did myself the honor to ad dress tho Bight Hon. the Colonial Se cretary on the subject has been com pletely accomplished. I would there- fare solicit your Honor's recommenda tion that the Colonial Government be permitted to paip the balanoeof £1000 w vut, xuvoot p. VVUCUIUJI Ul UAUlUUig, tko parties wlio sent out the first ex pedition of Germans to this Province, and to whom tnqny of the immigrants are still due that amount. I havo the honor to be, Sir, ' , Your most obdient servant, W. WRSTGARTH. To His Honor 0. J. La Trobe, Esq., Superintendent of Port Phillip. Melbourne, fitb November, 1850. Sir, — Wiib reference to a cimmunica-! tlon I had the lionor to sddreta to you on a recent occasion claiming tbe balauceof the one thousand pounds expecid Vc hsvr been sHardpJ by jhe Govrrnmect on behalf of the first party of German Immigrants srrlving in this province. I beg again to csl your Honor's at'entinn to a nes. aod additional benefit arising to the colony from that Immigration. The Meurf.Godtffrey o( HamLurg, ou vhote acqount I hare addressrd your Honor on the subject of the above bonas; have been indne--d 'a enier upnu lie important bareness of supplying this eenlemeut with pure and fii,e kr d German Flheep - aod they have a'ready made a commence ment by sending out eighty of iheae animals by :he ship Aniooie, jnat an red from Hamburg, — many more arc to f oiler. j The want of a supply of ihis son in connection withoui visl and increasing ! pastoral Interests, Ins breti severely felt ; end m-iny remedial efforts, on a commeusurate scale, hate bren at tempted, but all as yet I believe in vain, owing to inherent difficulties in the combination of movements and mfficiency of capital for the purpose. PerhapB it was rot tt'C.ssnry to tuge upon your (loner this add tional claim in regard to the bonua ; but at all events it teems to prove that our Grmun Iraniigrlion in a Variety ,,f wats has proved of service to ule colony. 1 have the honor to be, Sir. Your most obedient, W. IVESTGARTH. To his Honor C. J. La Trobe, E-q , &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Superintendent! Office, Melbourne, 2Jlb November, 1850. (50-C7). Sin, — "With reference to your teller dated the 5 h ultimo, adverting tn the aubj-ct of a certain bonu., which, according to an agreement entered into between ynu and the Hume Authorities, would hate been paid, upon compliance with crriain conditions, on ccraunt of tbB German hmicr-ition l.» Port Phillip; | have to l form you thai I forwarded a copy to Sytltiev, with the reque.t that it might be brought under hi Excellency's consideration ; and 1 now take leave to transmit iu you a copy of a leilcr which I hive re ceived in Brewer, by which I regrei to perceive thai his Excellency does out feel ju-tified in acceding to i lie request therein made. It Bppears to me that this reply — Pitera ing a former decision, and the conclusion arrived at" both by tli- Heme and Culonial Authorises — should be considered conclusive. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant, C. J. LA "IBOBE. Wm. Westgarth, Esq., M.O., Melbourne. (COFV.) No. 50-476. Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 1st Norember 1850. Sir,— I have the honor to ack now ledge the rec ipt of your Ho- or's leUrril tbe 19 li ultimo, No. 137, bringing uuder consideration a (urtber app ica- lion from Mr-ais, Wcsigarih and Delina, for tfas allowance cf the first amount cf bounty cla med on certain German Immigrants introduced by them; ard in repir, 1 am directed to inform yi u that the Governor regrets that lie canort comply with your Honor's ri commendation in favor of this application. The fact a! the Immigrants being as remarked by your Honor, " on the whole an useful addition to the papu lation," will not, in hia Excellency's opinion, jus ify b m in authorising any departure from the instructions of the .Secretary of i-tae, as defined in ray letter to your Honor of the 31st August last. I have lbs honor tobe, ' Sir, Your I" oner's most obedient servant for I be Colonial Secre ary, (Signed) W. ELYAKD.Joa. Hi« Honor the Superintendent of Po.t Phillip. Melbounio, 11th January, 1851. ' Sir,— I now do myself the honor to acknowledge your communication of 20tli November Inst, with its offioial enclosure, in answer to my letter of 5th October, previous, on the subject of tho expeoted government bounty to the firet party t)f German colonists lauding at P.ort Phillip direct from Germany. I would have embraced an earlier opportunity for this reply; but I deemed it better to await the possibi lity of a more favorable answer than that now before me, to a Second und subsequent letter dated Gth November last, which I transmitted to your Honor, and so perhaps have happily avoided the representation, which with regret I now feel called upon to make. Of the sum of £1000, the amount of the bounty in dispute, the Colonial Government have paid £77 10s. ; and as I gather.' frOm your Honor's letter, it appears to be the intention, that this payment shall conclude the question. The correspondence on this subject has already reached an extent that is little in consonance with either die leisure or the inclination of our official authorities." Bnt I trust that so very oommoa a misfortune will not preju dice the present case, while I claim your Honor's attentive consideration for what I have now testate. Judging from the tenor of the whole official correspondence, with a perusal of which your Honor sometime sinoe solely ggrouds token by the Home ' . " ; — — --.ir IL Governmcut, on which the payment of tho bounty may lie considered to have been thus stopped, namely — | That a li$t of tho emigrating party : had not been forwarded from 'Ger- inany to the Immigration Commifi- i sioneig at London for submission and approval prior to embarkation : and That the said list, wlij at length received, was found to consist, to a lnrge extent, of the artisan class, and of others unsuited to this part of tho world. (Mr. Leliua to Commiationera, Ci'.h Mac. 1848, and Commieaionere to /dr. Deltna IBtA May. 1S4S ) 1\. The Commissioners were all along advised of the difficulty of procuring any previous list, owing to the dis- turbed state of the country at the time of the contemplated emigration (the year 1848.) At length the German Emigration Agent (Mr. Delius) urged the necessity of a concession, that no list might be required until about the time of embarkation, and that he might be allowed to get the party transported in sections, as opportu- nities offered. The reply was favor- able. After repeated delay and disap- pointment, owing both to the civil troubles, and to the Danish blockade of Northern Germany, the first detach- ment arrived at Hamburg in October 1848\. The cholera, then raging in that city, immediately broke out, and with threatening violence, amongst the emigrants, occasioned, as was supposed, by the sudden change of diet and habits. It was deemed neces- sary, therefore, to despatch all who were still in health, and they were accordingly put on board a ship just then being got ready (the Godeffroy) along with a party bound for South Australia, and sent twenty miles down the Elbe, until all was in order for sea. The list already pre- pared, which included some who had drawn back, others who were sick, and also another sectipn of the emigrants then on their way from the interior, was now useless; and it was not until after the Godeffroy had sailed, that an accurate list was received by the agent at Hamburg. 2\. lVhc.il the lists at length reached the Commissioners, they nppeared to indicate that about one-half of the emigrants were artizans, or other than agriculturists, and that there were only two vine-dresscrs out of four hundred and fifty persons. Such unlocked for proportions from the interior of Germany, led me to make some enquiry, from which I ascer tained the practice, iu sonic portions of Germany, on the part of the agricul tural population, ol taking the degree of a mechanic (a superior tfatus in their estimation) on the strength of short apprenticeships that the young men might have served, during their residence in the towns for militia ser vice. This is a fact wliioh has been repeatedly confirmed in the case of the Germans now at Port Phillip. In the neighbourhood of Melbourne, as is well known, there are now great numbers of German vine-drcssorg. Hardeners, imd agriculturists. (Earl Grey to Sir C. fit Sot/, 31x1 October and Colonial Secretary to Mr. La Trobe. Ibth March, 1849. I bog your Honor's particular atten tion to theqe statements, because they are the " explanations" alluded to by Earl Grey, iu the absence of which, the bounty vfcas ordered at the time to be restricted. Now, the circumstances I have alluded to were at first only partially made known to tho Commis sioners ; bnt afterwards, wheu 1 was in a position to explain the whole, and actually did so, by personally waiting on Mr. Walcott, tho Secretory, for that' purpose, I was informed by that gen tlemen tli At nothing more would be' done at home iD the matter, as the case had been referred to the colonial i authorities. (Commiaeianrrr to Mr. Xferrieale, ilh October, 1848 ; and Earl Grey to Sir C. Far Hoy 31rt October, 1848, and oOimra ) At this point the business etooS until my return to the colony in No-- veiq|pj 1849. I then learned that there had been some difficulty ex perienced in arriving at the precise state and merits of the claim, The Colonial Government had received strong complaints from London touch ing the nonrrival of the list from Hamburg. This point I think seems to have made more against my German friends than any thing else, and how innocently as regards them, I leave your Honor to judge. (ifr. Merrivale to Colonial Secretary, 2Sth Auyuit, 1849) Instructions somewhat various had also been received. Tbe Commis sioners had written to the Colonial Government to cxcludo persons above 50, and -EsH Grey would authorise bounty only upon " effective vine dressers, agricultural labourers, or shepherds. I (Earl Grey to Sir C. Fit Roy, SUt Od- 1848.) By another despatch, Earl Grey liad ordered that until the receipt of the " explanations," bounty should be paid only on persons coming under the "prescribed regulations." These regulations award £18 for each of such persons ; hut the bounty authorised by his Lordship is only £2 10s. ! I may here remark that the Bight Hem. fiocret&ry;'liad fixed oft this small amosnt prohably from the circnm- stanc o that the emigrating party,, on whose account flie £1000 is claimed, was to have numbered about four hun dred persons, which would have al lowed £2 10s. per head for each sex and all ages. As tho actual number was about 450, this inauspicious cal culation gave too much ! (Col. S«cre(ary to Mr. La TTobe, 2'W Jb lie, 1849) His Lordship adds that his instruc tions are prc- omptory, in order that no advantage may be derived by parties from their own neglect Ac., Ac. And that mistake or misapprchcnsionmight want nothing of completeness, the Co lonial Secretary at Sydney further writes, that tbeso instructions must be imperative, as Importers must be taught obedience to Government Regulations. Undfi the ex|ititmtirns I hsve givpn, ilie pariy Dial had eonp to Toil Plnllip fpemrd, a« neaily ns I might leisonabty have c»pertrd, to answer ilie descriplioo I gsve of it, in mi requisition to En! Grey in 1847, fur a bounty of £1 000, — a requisition In wliich tils Lorrlsliip gsve a most prompt and firvoraMe consideiation. 'Ihis document and hs Lordship's answer, to wtiirh I wou'd refer your Honor, ore the bnsis of the whole q esiiun. The subsequent and un- lu. ked for o inbreak of be German revolution bad thrown into tbe parly rather an unesprcied proportion from ti c towns, hut cn the other baud the Intal number bad been increased, and I think that the actual proportion of vine dressers lies not only far exceeded wb 't apprared upon the lis's, hut is also h»yuiid ihet I myselt anticipated —and w liat I led tbe Guvprnmrnf to luuk fur at first ; — the g eal nbjert be ng lo effect a commencement of eio'gia ion from Germanv. In f r rti e r I y addressing your Honor, I bail ml thought it necessary lo gn so mitiu cly into this subj cl, alier the r'«'toiaic iui t rhimiiucnce iiiri list slreidy t-ken place. But frcm the ipnur of Your Honor's letter of 20; It Novembtr, I must conclude lhal the ' a u l !, o i i i eta al Sidney c»onot po&iihly; he acquainted wi h lite whole bearings of the c ite. Thev appear to h&ve; hud before iliem only the provisio at i«- slruciioiii ireoimilfed by Lord Grey. 1 have not myself personally any interest whHlevei iu the ioiigor other wise of this bounty money loathe parties to «hom, uod'T all the cir cumstance,? consider it ic most justly due ; but I may be permitted <0 -feel a very si oiig interest llut our Go- verrfnent should ever act wiili thai liberal i t y which accords wi h its high btation anfriiesliny. I grtaily regret therefore thai o;ir IochI au horUies thnuld, in this c»»e bive perceived lbei» duly to lie in tht principle cf i strict construction against ua, as if the German Immigra tion, like the hostile irrupion of our S to he regard d as & calamity to the colony, in tira'ing with which it wa proper atid patriotic, by ail the aid of law or l» tter, lo award the smallest advantage lo the enemy. I fegrei, in short, i bat they should have cast us upon every possible poinr, triumph a» t!v as it err, reducing a claim of £1000 to £77 10s, and even rejecing JiMi ii f luelul and suitable German colonists forwarded to yoQr Honor, and recommended to favorable con b deration. 1 litre can be no interest, and 1 trust it fs more than abturd to suppose there reed ever be i»ny desire, in inch qnar era, lo act with unnrces count ry meteor at»y olfaprparlieB.in their wei( int-sni, and X am happy to add also, a f rgBidi tliis ease, their successful efforts to promote tbe common welfare. I c d no ' but hope, in conclusion! that your Honor will refer once mote ti Sydney, aod with to etira com mendation, this unfortunate and pro tracted cjse. Cooncctrd bi I h v« myself been with the whn!e proceed ings throughout, (and truubleanme dif ficult and expensive they hereto all concerned.) I have a very strong opinion upon its merits , end I have co lied atioo in caying, that if tbe mstfei is left a It row blinds, neither myself uor those who have bern eo- gtged with me in the good w«.rk of originating German EmuAtion direct lo ihfa culouy, ran ever .be with the decision ofibe Government. 1 I have the honor to be. Sir, Your Honor' most obedient Servant, W. WESTGARTH. Moved by Mr, Hodgaou and iconded by Mr. iJLobioaon— " That this Commi tee bare much pleatu re in reccrding n vote of thanka to WirUm Wrstganh. Eq.p M.Cm for tl unwearied interest he has 1 iiherlo taken in the canoe ofGerma Immi gration to thla province, and the Committee further beg leave to rr- fueas their regret (but the coireinon- deoce now ieod .with tbe Govrmtneui' has not been attmdr4 with a more successful mult," MuincirAL Inttuit bimtnOKiAn Act Utelv psued in- fihgLnd praridesfor the caiabliihiarrit of Pobllo Ubrariea nod Museums, in Corporate towe of 10)00 in- habitants, npoo a taa of oiM- fiaffpennj |c ti« found, to beierled by their Muntcipal JooZ clla. The adaptability of seed, a |B» t0 C|Ie oiroutosUnce sod oondltl«i of coloaUl so condsry towns, iodooet tti to quote the followiog notloe of the Englidj Am from. Ule paper Ihe new Act farepthUu Town Counalli to «tabU«fa Vu biic f.tfarari4 I and Museum, Is now operating, liBving ro- c«lvrd the Royal essent on the clnro of the Sp sion. The Act 8th end 9th of" Victoria oh. 93. for encournglng 'he ei1bliihWBDt of Mineuma to Urge ton ns ll repealed, and this Act may bn Adopted In any municipal borough, the object being, Aspxpreswd, ,,to re creater fscllltiea than now exUt, for establishing snrl extending public Museums of Arf and Science in Municipal boroughs, for the fnfitroctlon and recreation oftbe people." in any borough, the population of which exceeds 10,000, the Alayor. on the request of the Town Council, may ascertain whether the ActU to ho adopted by the roles of the burgesses, find w hen adopted, all nooesssry tilings arc to bo provided out of a rate, of not more than one halfpenny in the pound per year. The public libraries ond museums are to be held In trait by the Town Council for the benefit of the inhabitants. The Admission lo aooh Insti tutes is to be free of all charges. " We need hardly point out what an adranUgo such a raes6urc wou'H Oe to towns situated like Oprlong and Portland, which afo never likely 'o share In tho treasury gifts accorded lo similar associations in the liOislatire Cepllal, hu< we th'tik ( hat a small subscrip. 1 1 o n , B-iy of five shillings e-year, roiyht be. superadded, or en entrHnre of £1 ; also, ihat it might operulo without rcFerenee to the municipal hlates of the town, as In the larkef Commission Act, and without re- Ir eice to ibo population. Adtw- tirer. Mvdical — 'i he Port Phillip Medics Rnjird has given public notice declaring the following gentlemen lo be legally qualified Medical Practitioners viv, — Arbuckle Thnmaa. Anderson Alexander, Rsller M'illiam. K., Haily Jareee, Uudd flenry, Rell Orlnndo George, Barker William, llarlcer Edward, Rower Edward Rowland, < Cleike Jonsthanp Campbell William Henry, Cheyno Alexander AI U„ Clutterhuck James Bennett, Camp bell Neil, Curdle OaainI, M. O., Creelman, J Auohterlonio, Clark If. B., Carperfionn Solomon Edward, M I), Dickson John M I). Dickson Jam s, Dcaso Wiiiism James, Drummond Juraos, Flcmminc, Williom, Kowle Frederick William, For- aayth S«mupl,Fow1er Thomas Hollingsworth, Fnrd Fredt'rlrk Tliomai G»"eevr# Aucua- tus F A, Gallirnith Jamea, Griffin John Srah-y, (irierson YYilliara, Hooitt Godfrey M D, Hay I on Thoma Rryaii, Uaslett Kamurl Torrens M t), Hodgklnson Ssrauel, Hope Robert C. M P, Hedly George J)ixon M D, Hoyns Dprjamln, Hunter Alexander, Huston William Kealingc, Hume Andrew William M I>, Johnson Hcnjnmln King, Keating Jefifery Jflnn?, Lang Thoraaa, Ine Jchn Pierce, Motherwell James IV, At, Q. AJarlin Jatuca, afaxweli Edwin Stamford, M'FarJane J. Michell Thomas, O'Mullone Arthur, M.D. Power Robert, Power Richard, M. D. Phillips John, Packer.John, Riichlo William, Rowand Charlea, Al.D., Robertson Archi bald, M.D. Russell Alexander, Shaw Foster, £proat John. M,D.f Sutherland WillUm Sinclair, Salliran John, M D., Stoddart David Edmund, Thomai David John, 'Purnbull WilUam Maokie, M.D., Wiliuot, William Hyam, M.D , Wiikie David Elliot, M.D., Wilson Thomas, M.D., Wuter- «psn, jfenry. i 