ENGLISH NEWS RESUMED. The shares of the South Australian Company con- tinued to advance in price. The then price was £24, (£25 paid) at the latest date, and a higher price was asked; the probability that the next dividend (to be declared at the Annual Meeting in June) would be raised to five per cent., seemed to warrant the opinion that they would shortly reach par, if not a premium. It is remarked in this connexion ; a singular fact, that although the South Australian Banking Company pays a dividend of six percent., yet that the price of their shares is no higher than that of the South Australian Company's. A large number of Cornish miners were to leave Plymouth for Adelaide in the ship Marion. The South Australian News, of March, states that there had been no parcels of ore from Adelaide sold at Swansea during the past month, but that the cargo of the Alexander Harvey, lately arrived there, would be shortly sold, and that the price of ore had rather advanced since its quotation of the last standard. The Stewart from Leith was to sail for this Port on the 25th March, and the Constitution from Liver- pool on the 20th April. Earl Grey has sanctioned the construction of the Goolwa Railway. The Commissioners had advertised for an emigrant ship for Adelaide, to embark passengers at Deptford, and to sail afterwards froia Plymouth. A line of screw-steamers was about being es- tablished between the ports of Liverpool and Rio Janeiro. We present below the Wool Circular of Messrs. W. and C. Jacomb : — ' London, 25th Fehruary 1851. ' The last sales of the colonial clip of 1849-50, commenced on the 13th instant, and terminated this evening. The quantities offered have been — 8,031 bales Australian 2,819 ' Port Phillip and Portland 2,273 ' Van Diemen's Land 370 ' Adelaide 26 ' Swan Kirer 26 New Zealand 3,446 Cape Total, 16,965 bales Colonial, 665 East India, and 6,000 Foreign. "Of the above quantity, about 11,000 bales Colonial consisted of wools not previously in sale; the remainder being purchases made in the various sales of last year, and forming so much larger a proportion of the stock on hand than had been anticipated, has to a certain extent proved prejudicial to their re-sale, and the result of the sales gene- rally has not been so satisfactory as was at time one ex- pected. "At the opening of the sales the attendance of buyers was very numerous, and December rates were fully maintained ; but for the last few days they mustered in smaller numbers, and the prices for nearly all qualities, excepting lambs' wool, gave way to the extent of Id. per lb. ; a result not sur- prising, considering the dullness which has pervaded the manufacturing districts the last few weeks, caused to some extent by the mildness of the winter, and the consequent reduced consumption of heavy goods, and no doubt con- siderably aggravated by the uncertainty as to the future induced by the resignation of the Ministry. The present range of prices may be considered satisfactory both to grow- ers and manufacturers : and we consider the check given to any advance in rates as calculated to be beneficial rather than otherwise. Stocks of manufactured goods are com- paratively small, and those of the raw material lower than we have ever known them — more particularly of wools of home growth. " It is probable that the receipts of the new clip from all the ports will be earlier this year than usual ; and with a prospect of a decided increase in production and import of colonial wool, there is no reason to doubt that there will be an ample supply for the wants of the year, and we trust that our market will in consequence be less subjected to fluctuations than has been the case in the past year. "Importers of German wools have of late been running off their stocks at reduced rates, such qualities being ap- parently in gradually decreasing demand, whilst that for Colonial as steadily increases, and our sales are now regu- larly attended by numerous buyers from France, Belgium, and Holland— the low-priced German wools being unable to compete with the produce of Australia. "The selection of Sydney wools has this time been very fair: of the small quantity of Van Diemen's Land wool the same may be said. Port Philip flocks were in small supply ; the bulk of the combing wool thence was in second hands, and, as well as that from Van Diemen's Land, pro- duced fair prices. "These sales have shewn a new feature in the import of above 3,000 bales of Spanish wool in the grease, from Rouen, some portion of which have been included in the present series, but prices have proved extremely unsatis- factory, in consequence of their very heavy condition, and the large quantity of dockings and filth wrapped up in the fleeces. "Low wools of all kinds arc in very short supply, and wanted. East India have sold satisfactorily, with little va- riation from late dates. "C. & J. D. JACOMB, "Brokers, 2, Basinghall street Adelaide. .-. - s. d. s.d. Extra flocks, in first-rate condition 0 0 to 0 0 Good flocks, in fair condition ? 14 15} Average ditto ditto .12 14 Ordinary and ill-conditioned flocks 11 12 Scoured clothing ? ......... 14 18 " lambs 0 0 0 0 Handwashed and ordinary skin 0 10 1 5 Lambs, good ..... l 4 1 6J " inferior to average ? 1 2 14 Locks, broken, &c; 0 8-1 1 In grease 0 7 0 11 A young lady bearing the honoured name of Talbot has acquired considerable notoriety from its introduction in the House of Commons during the debate of Lord John Russell's measure against "Papal Aggression." The following are the prin- ciple features of her case :- — The Hon. Craven-Fitzhardinge Berkeley has pre- sented a petition to the House, stating that he some time back married the widow of the half-brother of the present Earl of Shrewsbury, which lady had two children by her first husband, John, since dead, and Augusta, who is now upwards of nineteen. The young lady resided with her mother and step- father (the petitioner) until the death of the former, which happened on the 25th April, 1841, from which time till September last she was left under the guardianship of the Earl and Countess of Shrews- bury, who are Roman Catholics. On her brother's death the young lady became absolutely entitled to £80,000, and remained during her minority, which will cease on 6th June, 1852, a ward in Chancery. In September, 1850, the Earl and Countess of Shrewsbury placed the said infant, though a ward, in the convent called the Lodge, at Taunton, in the county of Somerset, as a Protestant, with the avowed object of allowing her to take the veil and become a nun. In the month of September next, the period of her "postulancy" expiring, she would be compelled "to take the white veil," she being still a minor as well as ward in Chancery. In September, ,1852, when she will have been of age three months, the black veil, which is to separate her for ever from the external world, will be drawn over her head, when she will be com- petent to execute any legal instrument at the sug- gestion of her superior; and the rich prize, the £80,000, will fall to the Catholic priesthood. Mr. Berkeley proposes, that clauses shall be introduced into the Ecclesiastical Titles Assumption Bill, which shall forbid the reception, in any convent or similar institution belonging to the Church of Rome, of any person under age as a "postulant." He proposes further, that in the case of "infants" who, during the period of their minority, shall have been admit ted as "postulants" into convents for the purpose of becoming nuns, all their property, absolute or contingent, shall become forfeited to the Crown, to be disposed of as her Majesty may appoint under her sign manual. The Catholic Bishop of Clifton had written a letter to the Times impugning the correctness of the foregoing statements. According to this prelate the Earl of Shrewsbury proceeding to the south of Eu- rope, and not being able to take his niece with him, applied to the Lord Chancellor as to how she was to be disposed of, who decided that she should return as a boarder to the convent at which she had been educated, if they would receive her ; the rules of the convent, however, not admitting of the reception of boarders, Miss Talbot applied for admission as a postulant, that is, as one intended to become, in due time, a nun, if considered properly qualified. Her proposal, the Bishop says, created consternation in the convent, as the nuns knew it would be said that they had inveigled her to enter among them on ac- count of her worldly advantages. It was necessary that the Bishop should be applied to on the subject, as the ecclesiastical superior, who wrote to Miss Talbot, as he states, honestly informing her that he did not consider her fit for the conventional life ; that he might, however, be wrong, and would not, therefore, oppose her wish, if the community were disposed to give her a trial ; that before she became of age there would be ample time for her to decide whether such a mode of life would be agreeable to her, and for the community whether she was fitted for it. To the Lady Abbess he wrote in a similar style, adding that in such a case the censures of the World, which they apprehended, must be disregarded ; and she was admitted accordingly. On the subject of compulsion, the Bishop in his letter expresses himself as follows : — "Now, Sir, about compulsion and such like matters. Miss Talbot knows full well, and so does, or may, or ought to know, every one who talks or writes on such subjects, that she is at perfect liberty, in conscience as well as by law, to leave the convent any day she may feel so inclined. It is utterly false to say that next September, or at any other time, she will be compelled to put on the 'white veil.' It is equally false to say that in September, 1852, or at any other time, she will be compelled to put on the 'black veil.' If, indeed, she chooses to put on the said black veil, then she will not be free in conscience to leave the convent; that is, it cannot be allowed her to violate the solemn promises she will then have made to God." As further elucidatory of this case, we annex the following : — LORD CHANCELLOR'S COURT, LINCOLN'S INN. Saturday, 22nd March. .. . [Before Lord Truro.] Doyle v. Wright. "Under this head the case of the Hon. Miss Augusta Talbot, niece to the Earl of Shrewsbury, came before the Lord Chancellor on petition for a reference to the Master to settle a scheme for her residence. Mr. Rolt appeared in support of the petition on behalf of Miss Talbot by her next friend, and Mr. Page Wood for the Hon. C. F. Berkeley. "After the opening statement of counsel, the Lord Chan- cellor said — 'I saw the young lady when on a visit to Lord Shrewsbury, and she certainly was a very intelligent young lady, and certainly capable of taking care of herself. Mr. Craven Berkeley, whose conduct in calling my attention to the case was most praiseworthy, applied to me in my private room in the House of Lords for a writ of habeas corpus, which I declined to issue until the matter came before me on a petition in Court. Mr. Berkeley then said he should petition the House of Commons. I have since received a letter from the young lady, which I will hand to the learned counsel privately, in which she is very angry with Mr. Berkeley. There has been a statement that the young lady is a postulant in the convent. Now the young lady herself distinctly denies that she is, or ever intended to be. It has also been stated that the young lady is in the convent with my consent. That is positively untrue. I find on reference to the orders that she was placed under the care of Lady Shrewsbury to go abroad, and now I find her in a convent/ "It was finally settled that a reference should be made to the Master for a scheme of residence for the young lady, as the Lord Chancellor intimated that he would certainly not suffer her to remain in the convent ; and although it was no part of the duty of the Court to interfere with her re- ligion, he should take care that she was under no coercion or undue influence from the Roman Catholics." The North Wales Chronicle makes the following statement :— :It is a curious fact, that of all Lord Dinorben's tenantry in the counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon there is not a married pair: all are sin- gle, either old maids, bachelors, widows, or widowers, together with a bachelor agent to manage the whole. Malthusianism indeed is here realized." THE DUCHIES. 7 The whole of the Austrian troops were to be with- drawn from Hamburg and the Duchy of Holstein ; and Rendsburg was to be occupied by Danish troops and the Holstein contingent. The Emperor of Aus- tria reviewed the garrison of Vienna on the 13th March, being the anniversary of the revolution, when everything passed off quietly. The Czar had ad- dressed a letter to him, disapproving of the late plans of the Austrian Cabinet. Letters from Berlin, of the 19th March, announce that a note had been received from Vienna, containing a reply to the Prussian Memorial of the 9th. Austria expresses its perfect readiness to co- operate for the creation of a permanent central Government, but persists in demanding the Presidency. Prussia is resolved, if Austria insists on the Presidency to oppose the annexation. SAXONY. There was nothing doing at Dresden, though both parties are said to be decided as to the course of action. Discussion was still kept up on the pro- bable effects of the admission of the non-German States into the band, against which France ener- getically protests, sending a diplomatic note to that effect to the Governments of Prussia and Russia. ITALY The following are the particulars of an outrage, alleged to have been committed on the British flag, at Ancona:— ! "An English schooner of the name of Albert, on enter- ing the port of Ancona during a dense fog, came in col- lision with an Austrian vessels; both received some damage. When the dispute was referred to the Papal authorities, they decided that it was a casus fortuitus, and therefore each party must suffer its separate losses. Mr. Moore, the British consul, acting with great moderation and courtesy, informed the Austrian Consul 24 hours before the Albert left the port that the vessel was ready for sea, which act on the part of Mr. Moore was done to avoid any unpleasant con- sequences. It appears, however, that the Austrian Consul did not act with the same courtesy towards the Consul, Mr. Moore, by remaining silent, and when the Albert was under sail with the British colours flying, she was boarded by an Austrian boat from the Austrian man-of-war in the harbour; the men were armed with cutlasses and fixed bayonets, and compelled the Albert to come to anchor in the port This outrage was committed in the middle of the day in the pre- sence of foreign vessels ; and the inhabitants of Ancona, who for the first time witnessed with indignation and sur- prise the British flag insulted by the Anstrians, naturally observed, how is it that England, with her powerful fleet in the Mediterranean, cannot spare a vessel of war to protect English merchantmen from Austrian insolence ? The Albert was at last liberated through the generosity of Mr. Moore, who gave his bond to meet any legal claims that might be admitted to proper authorities against the Albert. LIBERIA. The general progress of Liberia, and the probable success of the cotton culture there, may be inferred from the following letter, received in Liverpool from an intelligent settler : — " I am about to commence farming on an extensive scale. I am cutting a very large farm, with a view to plant cotton, ginger, pea-nuts, &c.; ; also rice, which sells well. Small part of this is designed for home consumption. Our coffee trees grow admirably, and I shall continue to plant them till we have 150,000. This is just the country for coffee and sugar cane, and I have great faith in the success of cotton. The little I have looks finely. What I need most now is a plough and oxen. Our place is consided by many the most beautiful on the St Paul's. It comprises 240 acres of the best land for all the various products of this climate. About my house potatoes and casada are growing. Labour is hard to be procured here. The natives are lazy, and don't like work. I am trying to get as many boys of my own as pos- sible, so as to be independent hereafter. The Republic is advancing in consideration. The English Government has established a cotton farm six miles from Monrovia, with a view to encourage the cultivation of cotton by our citizens. The Republic gives to every married immigrant 10 acres, and to every single man and woman five ; and recognises them as citizens on landing. The country is very healthy now. I have in view a place for you on the banks of the beautiful St Paul's, one of the noblest rivers in the world. My friend ____ is making sugar ; has five barrels of sugar and four of molasses off his little farm of two acres. Many new buildings are going up in the city of Monrovia, some of them fine brick houses." CENTRAL AFRICA. The Athenaum publishes the following particulars of the progress of the expedition to Central Africa : — "Letters from Dr. Barth and Dr. Overweg have been received by his Excellency Chevalier Bunsen, by which we learn that up to October last the travellers were still detained in the kingdom of Air. My last commu- nication [see Athenaeum, No. 1,203, p. 1,341] gave an account of the difficulties and dangers which they had met with on entering that country; the inhabitants of which had shown themselves hostile to them, so that their fate seemed entirely to depend on the protection of the Prince En-Nur, Sultan of the Kelves. This hoped-for protection they have been fortunate enough to secure ; though it appears not to have been sufficient to insure their safety beyond Tiu-Tellus, the residence of the Prince, in consequence of which they have been obliged to forego the exploration of the country, and to remain with the Prince. They have, however, been enabled, while thus stationary, to collect a good deal of oral information, espe- cially respecting the tract of country to the west and south west of Ghat ; which, instead of being a monotonous desert, proves to be intersected by many fertile wadys with plenty of water. Among these novel features, not the least in- teresting is »l*ke, between Ghat and Tuat, infested with crocodiles. At the date of Dr. Barth's letter (2nd October), the travellers were on the point of setting out on an excur sion to Aghades, the capital of Air ; the new Sultan having promised them his protection, and the valiant son-in-law of En-Nur accompanying them on their journey. The latitude of Tin-Tellus has been found to be 18°34 N.; the longitude had not been finally determined. The rainy season lasts, till September, and thunderstorms occur daily in the afternoon between two and three o'clock, accompanied by a west wind, while at other times it blows from the east. It seems yet uncertain when the expedition will be able to start for Lake Tchad'' EGYPT. Letters from Germany, in the Paris journals, state that the mental alienation of Abbas Pacha, Vice- roy of Egypt, increases; that the country is in a most wretched state ; that it is impossible to get in the taxes ; and that the favourites are squandering what remains of the treasure accumulated by Mehe- met Ali. CENTRAL AMERICA. Letters from Honduras, received at Boston, speak of rumours current that Her Majesty's ships-of-war were about to blockade Truxillo and Omoa. Much doubt existed as to their authenticity. Accounts from Central America state that a battle between the army of Guatemla and of Salvador and Honduras took place three leagues from Chiquimala. The forces of Salvador and Honduras were com- pletely defeated. The vanquished, who fled in all directions, were pursued by General Carrera, who, it was thought, would march on San Salvador. From the Isthmus of Panama we have accounts to the 25th February, recording that the first rails of the Panama Railroad were laid on the 24th, and that a locomotive and tender had been landed. Much fever had prevailed amongst the labourers. From Valparaiso we have accounts to the 24th January. Her Majesty's ships Asia, Dædulus Daphne, and the steam-frigate Driver were in port, and H.M.S. Portland momentarily expected to re- lieve the Asia. Great progress was being made with the Copiapo Railway. Several shiploads of rail had been received, and four miles laid down. During 1850, 378,049 marks of silver were ex- ported from Copiapo. Political affairs were tranquil; Congress had adjourned on the 10th, after autho- rizing the President to grant a subsidy of $36,000 for three years, to promote a monthly line of mail steamers, of 300 tons each, to the ports south of Valparaiso. A new coinage-law had been adopted, and the Customs' receipts had greatly increased. On the 19th January a sloop-of-war was launched at Valparaiso. Our accounts announce, also, the des- truction of the British ship Alfred in the Pacific, from her cargo (coal) having spontaneously ignited. Her crew had arrived at Talcahuano in the boats. SOUTH AMERICA. Letters from Callao of February 9, report that troops had been despatched to quell a rising of slaves near Truxillo. Congress had been summoned in extra session for the election of a President ; Echnique was the successful candidate. Great pro- gress was made with the railroad to Lima; it was expected it would be completed by April. Freight low; guano, .£3 5s., to Cork for orders. Accounts from Bolivia, in the New York journals, announce, that Belzu was at La Paz, and that one or two partial insurrections had occurred. Mazatlan advices of February 9, state that up- wards of £12,000 worth of contraband goods had been seized by the Customs officers. 