GERMAN IMMIGRATION. The Committee met pursuant to notice on Thursday, at one o'clock, at the German Immigration Barracks ; present, Dr Black, Councillor Hodgson, Messrs Robinson, G. Nicholson, Westgarth, Wrode, and Brahe, (Secretary). Dr Black in the chair. After the production of some accounts, and estimates of the cost of the barracks, from which it appeared that the committee were due Mr Hodgson, the treasurer, up- wards of £30, a subject of some length and importance engaged the committee's atten- ion, viz., the expected BOUNTY ON GERMAN IMMIGRATION. Mr Westgarth read some correspond- ence on the subject of the bounty on Ger- man immigration that had recently taken place with the Government, which he was sorry to say had not proved at all satisfac- tory. Some points in the case, however, had yet to receive consideration from the authorities, so that he still hoped for a result that he considered in more accordence with justice. Before reading the correspondence, which, as to most points of the subject would explain itself, he would remark that his friend Mr Delius, as he had learned, had been already for some time vigorously beseiging the Home Government regard- ing the same claim. His friend had been somewhat disconcerted at the strict and microscopic examination to which the claim had been subjected; and in his letters to himself he had vented some sentences of sinister admiration at the economic prin- ciples of our Government, that it was much to be feared might endanger him a rough handling by the law of libel, if his high foes could be induced so far to honor him. His friend had also an unfortunate enthusiasm for letter writing, which would not stop sometimes at the fourth or even at the eighth page; so that it was not to be wondered at if he and the Government had fallen out even at the outset. How- ever that might be, he hoped, as he had already observed, that the Government would still act with liberality and justice. The balance of unpaid passages by the Gode- ffroy, Woppius and Dochenhuden, the three ships that brought the first German party to Port Phillip, was still about £1200, all due to the Messrs. Godeffroy, of Ham- burgh; so that this balance of the bounty in question, amounting to £922 10s. if secured, would go at once to these gentle- men, as well as all sums recovered, until their amount was completed. The further payments of the outstandings would, ac- cording to his view of the case, form a fund to be handed over to the whole of the first party, or at least to some three or four hundred of them, who had been enrolled as "the party." But as the outstandings had now almost ceased to come in, he greatly feared there ever being occasion to adjust this part of the question. He was sorry to be obliged to make this remaik. It did not of course apply to all, or even a very large number of the Germans ; but when the conduct of these our new fellow-colo- nists was in other respects so exemplary, this failing even with some was much to be regretted. One consequence was that the Messrs. Godeffroy had now totally abandoned the plan of giving credit in this manner for passage money, and our German immigration had as good as ceased on that account. He hoped this notice would not be without some good effect. He would now read the correspondence alluded to— Melbourne, 5th October, 1850. Sir,—I now do myself the honor to ad- dress you on the subject of a recent inter- view, namely the Bonus or Bounty of one thousand pounds, of which an expectation had been held out by tho Home Govern- ment to the first party of Germans emigra- ting to Port Philip. Your Honor is aware that when these Germans arrived here, instead of an allow- ance of £1000 against their passage money, the Colonial Government found occasion to contribute only £77 10s for a number of between 400 and 500 of these colo- nists. As this proposed bounty originated with myself, in a letter I had the honor to ad- dress to Earl Grey, while I was in Britain about three years ago, I have always felt desirous of again bringing the subject before the Government for a reconsidera- tion. But I have hitherto deemed it ad- visable to await some of the results of the German Immigration into this place, as regards its benefits or otherwise to the colony. Nearly one thousand Germans have arrived at Port Phillip now; and al- though many have not been of the most suitable classes, yet all appear at length to have got into employment, and to be doing something for the general well- being. It seems the prevailing opinion, in which I believe your Honor coincides, that this immigration has greatly be- nefited the colony, and that it is likely to do so to a much greater extent, by a continuance of the importations. Besides the principal advantage of receiving Ger- man vine- dressers, and of some who un- derstand wine-making, being now busy in our community, I would draw your Honor's attention particularly to two other circumstances also important, viz. a great demand that now exists for Ger- man domestic servants, and the pleasing fact of the excellent conduct of the whole body of our German fellow-colonists, no one of whom has yet, as far as I am aware, either here or at Geelong, been brought up for any misconduct whatever before the civil authorities. The letter I have alluded to as having been addressed by me to Earl Grey, was to this purport, that a party of about 400 Germans was at that time disposed to emi- grate to Port Phillip, provided some aid would be given them by the British Government; that from information sup- plied by Mr Delius, of Bremen, who had been for some years acting as agent for German Emigration to South Australia, this party consisted principally of agricul- turists, including vine-dressers, with a few of the artizan class; and that such an op- portunity was important as a means of commencing this emigration to that settle- ment. I therefore suggested that the Government should offer a bonus of £1000 to the party, to be paid after they had landed at Port Phillip. His Lordship received the proposition most favorably. But a variety of circum- stances connected with the German Revo- lution and the Danish war, both of which broke out subsequently, and to which it is needless here further to refer, occasioned a general scattering of the party, followed by repeated delays and interruptions. And finally, after the emigrants began to muster at Hamburg in October, 1848, the outbreak of the cholera amongst them once more disordered their arrangements, and prevented a correct list of the party being forwarded to the Emigration Commission- ers until after each vessel had sailed. It was necessary to despatch the people with all speed from the infected locality; so that all who had come forward, whether for Port Phillip or Adelaide, were em- barked together in the first ship that could be got ready. When I subsequently explained this latter circumstance to Mr Walcott in London, that gentleman stated that in- structions had been already sent to the Colonial Authorities on the subject. This was much to be regretted, because through- out the correspondence on this subject, which your Honor kindly permitted me to read, there is an evident impression of a wilful negligence on the part of the agents in regard to these lists, that was very far from being the case. I myself had occasion to witness how difficult a business it was, from a multitude of confused documents sent in by the heads of the emigrating par- ties to form correct lists. One principal cause of confusion, and which was not fully discovered and ex- plained until after all the three first ships had sailed, was the circumstance that all the Germans, who on any pretence could do so, entered themselves on the list as artisans. This is a common custom in Germany when something of an art is acquired by the country people, during their temporary stay in the town for militia services (land wehr). In this respect the lists were very incorrect, and did great injustice to the party with reference to its suitableness to the colony. In the first list for example, out of 450 persons, only two were des- cribed as vine-dressers; whereas the neigh- bourhood of Melbourne alone contains already a great number of gardeners and vine dressers brought from Germany with this and subsequent parties. In conclusion, I would only submit to your Honor, that both in the original party of German immigrants, and in those who have since followed them, many important additions have been made to our colonial industry; in short that the object con- templated, when I did myself the honor to address the Right Hon the Colonial Secre- tary on the subject has been completely accomplished. I would therefore solicit your Honor's recommendation that the Colonial Government be permitted to pay the balance of £1000 to the Messrs Godeffroy of Hamburg, the parties who sent out the first expedition of Germans to this Province, and to whom many of the immigrants are still due that amount. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant, W. WESTGARTH. To His Honor C. J. La Trobe, Esq. Superintendent of Port Phillip. ' Melbourne, 6th November, 1850. Sir,—With reference to a communica- tion I had the honor to address to you on a recent occasion, claiming the balance of the one thousand pounds expected to have been awarded by the Government on be- half of the first party of German immi- grants arriving in this province. I beg again to call your Honor's attention to a new and additional benefit arising to the colony from that immigration. The Messrs. Godeffroy of Hamburg, on whose account I have addressed your Honor on the subject of the above bonus, have been induced to enter upon the im- portant business of supplying this settle- ment with pure and fine-bred German Sheep; and they have already made a com- mencement by sending out eighty of these animals by the ship Antonie, just arrived from Hamburg—many more are to fol- low. The want of a supply of this sort in con- nection with our vast and increasing pasto- ral interests, has been severely felt; and many remedial efforts, on a commensurate scale, have been attempted, but all as yet, I believe, in vain, owing to inherent diffi- culties in the combination of movements and sufficiency of capital for the purpose. Perhaps it was not necessary to urge upon your Honor the additional claim in regard to the bonus ; but at all events it seems to prove that our German Immigra- tion in a variety of ways has proved of ser- vice to the colony. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant, W. WESTGARTH. To His Honor C. J. La Trobe, Esquire, &c.; &c.; &c.; Superintendent's Office, Melbourne, 20th November, 1850. (50-67.) Sir,—With reference to your letter dated the 5th ultimo, adverting to the subject of a certain bonus, which, according to an agreement entered into between you and the Home Authorities, would have been paid, upon compliance with certain condi- tions, on account of the German Emigra- tion to Port Philip; I have to inform you that I forwarded a copy to Sydney, with the request that it might be brought under his Excellency's consideration; and I now take leave to transmit to you a copy of a letter which I have received in answer, by which I regret to perceive that his Excel- lency does not feel justified in acceding to the request therein made. It appears to me that this reply—reite- rating a former decision, and the conclusion arrived at both by the Home and Colonial Authorities—should be considered conclu- sive. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant, C. J. LA TROBE. William Westgarth, Esq., M.C., Melbourne. (COPY.) No. 50-476. Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 1st November, 1850. SIR,—I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your Honor's letter of the 19th ultimo, No. 137, bringing under con- sideration a further application from Messrs. Westgarth and Delius, for the al- lowance of the first amount of bounty claimed on certain German Immigrants in- troduced by them; and, in reply, I am directed to inform you that the Governor regrets that he cannot comply with your Honor's recommendation in favour of this application. Tho fact of the Immigrants being as re- marked by your Honor, "on the whole an useful addition to the population," will not in his Excellency's opinion, justify him in authorising any departure fom the in- structions of the Secretary of State, as defined in my letter to your Honor of the 31st August last. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your Honor's most obedient servant, for the Colonial Secretary. (Signed) W. ELYARD, JUN. To His Honor the Superintendent of Port Phillip. Melbourne, 11th January, 1851. SIR,—I now do myself the honor to ac- knowledge your communication of 20th of November last, with its official enclosure, in answer to my letter of 5th October, pre- vious, on the subject of the expected government bounty to the first party of German colonists landing at Port Phillip direct from Germany. I would have embraced an earlier op- portunity for this reply; but I deemed it better to await the possibility of a more favorable answer than that now before me, to a second and subsequent letter dated 6th November last, which I transmitted to your Honor, and so perhaps have hap- pily avoided the representation, which with regret I now feel called upon to make. Of the sum of £1000, the amount of the bounty in dispute, the Colonial Govern- ment have paid £77 10s ; and as I gather from your Honor's letter, it appears to be the intention that this payment shall con- clude the question. The correspondence on this subject has already reached an extent that is little in consonance with either the leisure or the inclination of our official authorities. But I trust that so very common a misfortune will not prejudice the present case, while I claim your honor's attentive consideration for what I have now to state. Judging from the tenor of the whole official correspondence, with a perusal of which your honor sometime since favored me, there seems to have been solely two grounds taken by the home Govcrnmont, on which the payment of the bounty may be considered to have been thus stopped, namely— That a list of the emigrating party had not been forwarded to the Emigration Commissioners at London for submission and approval prior to embarkation; and That the said list, when at length re- ceived, was found to consist, to a large ex- tent, of the artizan class, and of others unsuited to this part of the world. (Mr. Delius to Commissioner, 5th May, 1848, and Commissioners to Mr. Delius, May 16th, 1849.) 1\. The Commissioners were all along advised of the difficulty of procuring any previous list, owing to the disturbed state of the country at the time of the contem- plated emigration (the year 1848). At length the German Emigration Agent (Mr Delius) nurged the necessity of a con- cession, that no list might be required until about the time of embarkation, and that he might be allowed to get the party trans- ported in sections, as opportunities offered. The reply was favorable. After repeated delay and disappoint- ment, owing both to the civil troubles, and to the Danish blockade of Northern Ger- many, the first detachment arrived at Hamburgh in October 1848. The cholera, then raging in that city, immediately broke out, and with threatening violence, amongst the emigrants, occasioned, as was supposed, by the sudden change of diet and habits. It was deemed necessary, therefore, to despatch all who were still in health, and they were accordingly put on board a ship just then being got ready (the Godeffroy) along with a party bound for South Aus- tralia, and sent twenty miles down the Elbe, until all was in order for sea. The list already prepared, which included some who had drawn back, others who were sick, and also another section of the emigrants then on their way from the interior, was now useless; and it was not until after the Godeffroy had sailed, that an accurate list was received by the agent at Hamburg. 2\. When the lists at length reached the Commissioners, they appeared to in- dicate that about one half of the emi- grants were artizans, or other than agri- culturists, and that there were only two vine-dressers out of four hundred and fifty persons. Such unlooked for proportions from the interior of Germany, led me to make some inquiry, from which I ascertained the practice, in some portions of Ger- many, on the part of the agricultural population, of taking the degree of a mechanic (a superior status in their esti- mation) on the strength of short appren- ticeships that the young men might have served, during their residence in the towns for militia service. This is a fact which has been repeatedly confirmed in the case of the Germans now at Port Phillip. In the neighbourhood of Mel- bourne, as is well known, there are now great numbers of' German vine- dressers, gardeners, and agriculturists. (Earl Grey to Sir C. Fitz Roy, 31st October, 1848, and Colonial Secretary to Mr La Trobe, 15th March, 1849 ) I beg your Honor's particular atten- tion to these statements, because they are the "explanations" alluded to by Earl Grey, in the absence of which, the bounty was ordered at the time to be restricted. Now, the circumstances I have alluded to were at first only par- tially made known to the Commissioners; but afterwards, when I was in a position to explain the whole, and actually did so, by personally walting on Mr Wal- cott, the Secretary, for that purpose, I was informed by that gentleman that nothing more would be done at home in the matter, as the case had been referred to the colonial authorities. ( Commissioners to Mr. Merivale, 4th October 1848; and Earl Grey to Sir C. Fitz Roy 31st October, 1848, and others.) At this point the business stood until my return to the colony in November, 1849\. I then learnt that there had been some difficulty experienced in arriving at the precise state and merits of the claim. The Colonial Government had received strong complaints from London touching the non-arrival of the list from Hamburg. This point I think seems to have made more against my German friends than any thing else, and how in- nocently as regards them, I leave your Honor to judge. (Mr. Merivale to Colonial Secretary, 25th August, 1849.) Instructions somewhat various had also been received. The Commissioners had written to the Colonial Government to exclude persons above 50, and Earl Grey would authorise bounty only upon "effective vine-dressers, agricultural labourers, or shepherds." (Earl Grey to Sir C. Fitz Roy, 31th October, 1848.) By another despatch, Earl Grey had ordered that until the receipt of the "explanations," bounty should be paid only on persons coming under the " pre- scribed regulations." These regulations award £18 for each of such persons; but the bounty authorised by his Lordship is only £2 10s ! I may here remark that the Right Hon. Secretary had fixed on this small amount probably from the circumstance that the emigrating party, on whose account the £1000 is claimed, was to have numbered about four hundred persons, which would have allowed £2 10s. per head for each sex and all ages. As the actual number was about 450, this inauspicious calculation gave too much ! ( Col. Secretary to Mr La Trobe, 26th June, 1849.) His Lordship adds that his instructions are peremptory, in order that no advan- tage may be derived by parties from their own neglect, &c;, &c.; And that mistake or misapprehension might want nothing of completeness, the Colonial Secretary at Sydney further writes, that these instruc- tions must be imperative, as Importers must be taught obedience to Government Regulations. Under the explanations I have given, the party that had gone to Port Phillip seemed, as nearly as I might reasonably have expected, to answer the description I gave of it, in my requisition to Earl Grey, in 1847, for a bounty of £1000,—a requi- sition to which his Lordship gave a most prompt and favourable consideration. This document and his Lordship's answer, to which I would refer your Honor, are the basis of the whole question. The subse- quent and unlooked for outbreak of the German revolution had thrown into the party rather an unexpected proportion from the towns, but on the other hand the total number had been increased, and I think that the actual proportion of vine dressers has not only far exceeded what appeared upon the lists, but is also beyond what I myself anticipated and what I led the Government to look to at first;—the great object being to effect a commence- ment of emigration from Germany. In formerly addressing your Honor, I had not thought it necessary to go so mi- nutely into this subject after the elaborate correspondence that has already taken place. But from the tenor of your Honor's letter of 20th November, I must conclude that the authorities at Sydney cannot pos- sibly be acquainted with the whole bear- ings of the case. They appear to have had before them only the provisional instruc- tions transmitted by Lord Grey. I have not myself personally any inter- est whatever in the loss or otherwise of this bounty money to the parties to whom, under all the circumstances, I consider it is most justly due; but I may be permitted to feel a very strong interest that our go- vernment should ever act with that libera- lity which accords with its high station and destiny. I greatly regret therefore that our locl authorities should, in this case have per- ceived their duty to lie in the principle of a strict construction against us, as if the German immigration, like the hostile irrup- tion of our Saxon ancestors in other days, was to be regarded as a calamity to the colony, in dealing with which it was pro- per and patriotic, by all the aids of law or letter, to award the smallest advantage to the enemy. I regret, in short, that they should have cast us upon every possible point, triumphantly as it were, reducing a claim of £1000 to £77 10s, and even re- jecting lists of useful and suitable German colonists forwarded to your Honor, and re- commended to favorable consideration. There can be no interest, and I trust it is more than absurd to suppose there need ever be any desire, in such quarters, to act with unnecessary harshness towards fellow countrymen, or any other parties, in their well meant, and I am happy to add also, as regards this case, their suc- cessful efforts to promote the common wel- fare. I cannot but hope, in conclusion, that your Honor will refer once more to Sydney and with an extra commendation, this un- fortunate and protracted case. Connected as I have myself been with the whole pro- ceedings throughout, (and troublesome, difficult, and expensive they were to all concerned,) I have a very strong opinion upon its merits ; and I have no hesitation in saying, that if the matter is left as it now stands, neither myself nor those who have been engaged with me in the good work of originating German Emigration direct to this colony, can ever be satisfied with the decision of the Government. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your Honor's most obedient servant, W. WESTGARTH. His Honor C. J. La Trobe, Esq. Superintendent of Port Phillip. Moved by Mr Hodgson and seconded by Mr Robinson—"That, this Committee have much pleasure in recording a vote of thanks to William Westgarth, Esq. M.C. for the unwearied interest he has hitherto taken in the cause of German Immigration to this province, and the Committee further beg leave to express their regret that the correspondence now read with the Govern- ment has not been attended with a more successful result." 