GERMAN IMMIGRATION. — REPU- DIATION. At a meeting held yesterday, upon the above subjects, Mr. Westgartii entered into explanations relative to the great hardship and wrong sustained by the Messrs. GoDEFruoY, uf Hamburgh, in the refusal of the Home or Colonial Go vernments to pay even the bounty of £922 10s., justly due upou the German immigrants shipped here by the Godeffroy, Wappaus, and Dockcnlmdcn. The couvcner of the meeting read a vo luminous correspondence, disclosing the particulars of the claim, and its repudia tion by the authorities ; and we have no hesitation in warmly reprobating the questionable honesty nnd singular il- liberalitv ou the part of the Imperial and Colonial Governments. It appears that when in Europe, some three years since, Mr. Westgartii in a letter to Earl Grey proposed that a bounty of £1,000 should bo advanced by the British Government towards the emigration to Fort Phillip of four hun dred Germans, being " agriculturists, including vine dressers, with a few of the artizan class." The proposition was favorably received, but subject to regu lations which required the emigrants to be of the agricultural, pastoral, or vigueron class. " But a variety of circumstances connected with the German Revolution and tho Danish war, both of which broke out subsequently, and to which it is needless here further to refer, occa sioned a general scattering of tho party, followed by repeated delays and inter ruptions. And finally, after the emi grants began to muster at Hamburg in October, 1848, the outbreak of the cholera amongst them once more dis ordered their arrangements, aud preven ted a correct list of the party beinc forwarded to the Emigration Commit sionci-5 until after each vessel had sailed, ii \Vib uuucssiiry to ueajjatii i-uo |JCUJJIC with all speed from the infested locality so that all who had come forward, whe ther for Port Phillip or Adelaide were embarked together in the first ship that could be got ready. One principal cause of confusion, and which was not fully discovered and explained until after all the three first ships had sailed, was the circumstance that all the Ger mans, who on any pretence could do so, entered themselves on the lists as arti sans. This is a common custom in Germany, where something of an art is required by the country people, during their temporary stay in the towns for military services (landwhcr.) In this respect the lists were very incorrect, aud did great injustice to the party with reference to its suitableness to the colony. In the first lists for example, out of 45 U persons only two were described as vine dressers ; whereas the neighbour hood of Melbourne alone contains already a great number of gardeners and vine-dressers brought from Germany with this and subsequent parties." It will thus be seen that although the emigrants were artizans they were also of the class required by the regulations, and their error (which appears to have arisen from a great want of caution on the part of those hav ing the management of the affair,) in entering their callings under that title to which they were really least entitled, lias enabled the Government to take advantage of a mismisnomcr which in reality was no disability, inas much as the emigrants combined two requisites instead of one. These matters were personally explained by Mr. West- garth to the Secretary to the Emigra tion Commissioners, but without avail ; the impression remaining thnt there had been wilful misdescription. Instruc tions to this effect were also forwarded tc Sir Charles Fitrroy, and on Mr. Westgartii submitting through Mr. La Trobe the reconsideration of the subject to the Governor, the latter de clined to interfere, fulling back upon his " instructions of the Secretary of State." It is impossible to believe that the British Minister would aet with bad faith in the transaction — or could be capable of such a petty fogging trick — be evidently believes the evasion to bo on the other side j to convince him that such has not been the case is the duty of this Colony, who must be no parties to this "repudiation." A petition sotting forth the merits of the case, and'praying the appropriation of a part of our Emi gration Fund towards the liquidation of Messrs. Godeffroy's most just claim, should be forwarded to the Colonial Office. Quite sufficient evidence of the accuracy of Mr. Westgartii's. statements, as to the eligibility of the immigrants, can be obtained to render such an ap peal irrisistible. The matter must not die out. 