LATE ENGLISH NEWS. By the recent arrivals wei have English papers to the 24th March inclusive. Her Majesty, with the Prince Consort and the Royal Family, had recently removed from Osborne House to Buckingham Palace. The royal yacht was being refitted preparatory to some short marine excursions. Sir Edward Landseer had been honoured with an invitation to the Royal table. On the 22nd May, the English Stock Market was extremely dull. There was nothing in the home or foreign news to excite * speculation. Exchequer Bills remained at 52s. to 55s., and India Bonds at 58s. to 62s. premium. Consols were 96;| A for transfer, and closed 96-J- buyers for account. Bank Stock was rather higher, being 216. The shares of the South Australian Company con tinued to advance in price. The then price was .£24, (£25 paid) at the latest date, and a higher price was asked; the probability. that the next dividend (to be declared at the Annual Meeting in June) would be raised to five per cent., se emed to warrant the opinion that they would shortly reach par, if not a premium. It is remarked in this connexion a singular fact,. that although the South Australian Banking Company pays a dividend of six per cent., yet that the price of their shares is no ^higher than that of the South Australian Company's. A large number of Cornish miners were to leave Plymouth for Adelaide in the ship Marion. . The South Australian News, of March, states that there had been no parcels of ore from Adelaide sold at Swansea during the past month, but that the cargo of the Alexander Harvey, lately arrived there, would be shortly sold^ and that the price of ore had rather advanced since its quotation of the last standard. The Stewart from Leith was to sail for this Port on the 25th March, and the Constitution from Liver pool on the 20th April. Earl Grey has sanctioned the construction of the Goolwa Railway. r _ The Commissioners had advertised for ah emigrant ship for Adelaide,-to embark passengers at -Deptford,: and to sail afterwards from Plymouth. A line "of screw-steamers was about being es tablished between the ports of Liverpool and Rio Janeiro. - We have learned that the Ceres, expected here from Bremen, has been otherwise destined. The place of that ship has been taken by the Herder.. The unfavourable news from this colony has :had time to effept its own eure in Germany; and a large: emigration may "be expected in consequence of the receipt of advices from this colony, advices which are deemed not only favourable but conclusive. ! On Thursday, the. 20th March, summonses were issued for & Cabinet Council, to be held at the, Foreign Office. At half-past 2 orclock the Ministers assembled. The Afonistera wtio. attended the Council were, the Lord rChanceUcr, - 'the Earl »f Carlisle, Viscount PalmerstQn, Earl Gfcey, Ihe Marquis of Lansdowne, the Marquis of. Olaaricarde, Sir 'George. Grey, the Chancellor- pf the Exchequer, Lord] w- 1tnn ai.- Franoa iianng,; nistera remained .m Mflwrtroii gMrtejmrt« o'clock. The the following WiedniBSv^yi Ieyigqu2Xe: ID. soma mBiead In ihe House lof Gammof* ***. ber for Invernessshire, has \ motion hanging over a eertam d^artmenfe o^ Ae ..G^nment, amounting,a8' Sir George Gre;y sta^'1^f clfS of mnrder agSuiiBt the ex^OoveL Torrington, and' fife Colonial ife* Lord jJohn Russell complaaiied- f° ^f0,*ra chargewas notbroughfc on imniet.^^^ , ' Bailie answered that he was prevent ®*, ®y the a3o1° ninl Office dessignedly withhoTdnigV, ? nepessaiy evidenceand: Uid JoW responita^ M xmtd the motion was dispose& of^ he woilld ofojeofc 1» tne<pro duction of the's^nd edition of the" protested against arijr discuagicta oathc. .financial state of the coimtry. '-,r. The Bill for resisting what is- called Papal £~ gressiqu was dragging, its slow length- along .Jfith disheartening dulness, and was eliciting acri - mony and vituperation.. Tt; was -thought- it cotslff never be passed ? into- a law during the* current Session. The following is a brief summary of^he jro eeedings in the House of Commons on £he 20th fendi. 2lst March : THURSDAY, MABCH 20. Petitions against Papal Aggression were presented, by Mr. Thornelyyfrom various places in Lancashire; by Mr.. Greenall, from places in Cheshire tuid Lancashire; by Sir* T. Birch, from Wesleyans in Prescot, &c.; fey Mr. ~W. Brown, from Sefton; and tar Mr. Hornby, from Blackburn. -Large numbers of miscellaneous petitions "were also re ceived. . ? ? ? . ? EAST XNDXA COMPANY'S C1IABTEB._ ' " j '.? Mr. Anstey postponed, mitil the 3rd of A|jril,the motion notice of -which stood in his name, for ordering an enquiry into the afiairs of British Indiaj preliminary to tlie renewal of the Company's charier. : 1 ' _ HABSEHaEBSACT. */ . Mr. B. Herbert gaTO'iiotida -that, on the 27th-of"March, he would more for a committee of enquiry into/tfce^Pas sengers Act. . .' '! CO0BT OP CHANCERY. . ? Lord J. Lossell postponed, till the 27th of March,1 motion which stood in his name relative to the Court" of Chancery. STEAM TO AOSTBALIA. . .* Lord Naas asked the Chancellor of-the Exchequer,- P^* suant to notice, in reference to the Statemeiit made sy1 mm that the tenders received for establishing steam 'communi cation "with . Australia were unsatisfactory, whether the . Government have before them now an offer froin respectable persons to establish and maintain that service for .the amount arising from postages only, without any grant from the Exchequer The Chancellor'of the Exchequer replied that the whole subject was at present under negociawm, and that to answer the question would at present he premature. . FAFAli Mix: BESOMED DEBATE : SCENE WITH HUSH MEHBEHSU Mr. Newdegate resumed the adjourned debate on .the' Papal Bill, arguing that it was contrary to tlxe .Constitution of England for this temporal officer of a foreign potentate to be permitted to reside in this country; the circumstances attending exceptional cases of Cardinals Beaufort, Wolsey, and Pole proving the rule. He did not rely merely upon the ancient English precedents; in Prussia, like ours, a Protestant country, a cardinal who attempted to intrude there in 1829 was escorted to the frontier. He noticed^ the increase of convents and monasteries, an inspection m which was imperatively callod for, and expressed his surprise that no legislation had been proposed respecting the increasing numbers of the regular Roman Catholic clergy and Jesuits in England, whom lie deemed pioneers of the late aggres sion. ? In conclusion, he asked the noble Lord whether he was prepared to permit the residence of a cardinal in this country, and intimated that, if the people were disappoint®! in their expectation of legal protection, they would take the law into their own hands. Mr. Knox and Dr. Power followed, in brief speeches. Mr. Henry Druinmond said the question was- nothing less than this, whether Boman Catholics should remain a tolerated sect under the spiritual dominion of the Queenroc whether the Queen should be a licensed heretic nnder the spiritual dominion of the Pope; and whether one-third of the people of this kingdom, under the pretext of religious development, should be governed by a law unknown to the remaining two-thirds, and deemed by the former paramount to all other law. In the course of his argument, Mr. Drummond, apostrophizing Boman Catholics, observed^ " Your nunneries are prisons or brothels, and you may takfs your choice." , , 0 This sentiment callcd up the Earl of Arundel and burreyT who, with some emotion, appealed to the Speaker whether Mr. Drummond had not transgressed the role of order.. The Speaker decided in the negative; and Mr. Drummond resumed his argument, adducing various written authorities to show the usurpation in temporals, the intolerant and dangerous tenets, and the unchanged and unehangeaMe pretensions of the Romish See, commenting sarcastically upon the extracts as he read them. In the course of an enumeration of certain importations from Rome, Mr. Drum mond alluded to " the Virgin Mary's milk," which was the prelude to a scene of great excitement. Mr. O'Flaherty rose to order, as well as Mr. J. O'Connell, Mr. Moore, and Mr. Grrattan, who desired that the words might be taken The Speaker decided that Mr. Drummond, having used no expression personally offensive to a member or disres pectful to the House, was not out of order; but he at the same time expressed a hope that members, in discussing a question of so much delicacy, calculated to produce so much excitement, would abstain from all expressions that might cause iri^ation. A few conciliatory words from Mr. Drum mond restored the House to some degree of calmness, ana he concluded his speech by declaring that the Bill was un just and uncalled-for towards Ireland, and that a law most be passed to prohibit the residence of cardinals in Ireton^ to avoid everything done under the canon law, ana to extend the Mortmain Act for the protection of dying Hwn Sir J. Graham, after condemning in very strong terms the intemperate expressions which had fallen from Mr. Drumr mond, said he should treat this, not as a religions, but a political question. He repeated the admissions he tad inadc on a former occasion, that the language used .bv the Pone and Cardinal Wiseman was arrogant and needlesely offensive to the feelings of a great Protestant Wramunlty-, that it was extremely difficult tor the servants of the Crown to pass it by in silence and contempt, and that they were ffi to assert the great Protestant the Reformation, confirmed at the Revolution Mid by the Act of Settlement, and ratified by the solemn wnijwctsat the union of Scotland to England, and of Ireland to Oreat Britain. He would not discuss the point how the aggression should have been met, whether by proclamation or by iplo macy; the question was a narrow one:-Was legislation £e right m<xle, and, if so, was this Bill the p^perscheme of legislation? He had doubted, and the d°abthadbeen confirmed by legal opinions, whither the first clause of the Bill, coupled with the preamble, would not ca"y»^Jthe provisions of the elauses which it was propos^ to e^nde, in which case the Government would be boimd to vote against the Bill. His principal objections, however, were firet, that it was the introduction of a penal «iaetineut, and, secondly, that it was a reversal of a agreed with the Ministers that upon this subject, it should embrace the^ol? UmteiJ Kingdom; and if that was done, according to the Soheitor-. General, by striking at territorial titles, this Bill would put down an organized episcopacy in Irclwid, and prevent meetings in&ynod.; .He Wbted ^the Sohcitot law; but, if accurate, it was clear that all that had beep done in 1829 was as nothing. Twocenturies ago there was an organized episcopacy in Ireland, and tte canon law ex isted there; if so, the blow about to be inflicted went far ther than the penal code which existed previous to i«Z». Sir James then retraced the policy which h^J^n. pursued witharefeisnce to Catholw reliet; ^e difficaltyof dealing with the Papal pret»nsi<^ .without i»V!Mting.toitheoode<a Elizabeth;.. . _ ,:c Liord John Russell rose to defend the general.pnnciple of the BilL He reviewed ihe a en croachment on the continent; obsejvmg that the faen^ of liberty, whether In Germany Europe, must now be looking to to TOurtry, and ^ Protestant feeling -had been so strosgly therq, a Bfll wusbrought ^fore thisHotisetoreffK^i^M^e^, of Borne and assert the supremacy of BUI were rejected without any "clear tti^ouldVinkthat, in additiontoite^hertti^pto,^e; Court of Borne had achieved its greitest.coti^^oTCr Ae. minds of the House of Commons. It was, _tomore, f9r the benefit of ltomah <^thoh-M themselv^ that-Ae S^itoil independence of this country should be yserted, attd tlyt we should not ehcotmL^these ' Church of EOme.' He woifld nott^ound^t^^, with Papal ericroachinent, and he' believed' Hie ntero England and of Europe wodd bewomotedJ»y ITiie del&te; -was' journed at l O'clock. - _ Fhidav, MAKCK ,1. -. \- Petitions -were ^r&seiited; by; Jury of «onnly of! Miyo, of a Tran^adantic patiet^tatiim xav lme wew i Mr. Mflnsr (Htaon, &c;», Cheshire, in favour rSnuoeBaL " 1 , «wr anw toh the mm immm ? - -' ". 1 Mr. Beynolds, to the surprise oF the House, rose and j .ideQieJ ^^^. the. j- que&fci;?m'bi^3as a [pos-.; .( !!j^Wt.wrfeM^bMife&'ftgrc jafe *a ^pi&ijijttek; fle eaTO^aed ., '?- ..^iifaat-^ya».'daa^>'WBah^fa^semWy ^innitiM iif-,ffiiji«Miiw4i]r1Mfi'; Tfariry Diuifiinond.- S# ! iSw -tfoft' Ihtrtar, '.. tint" solely 'to' tiie. ac ..' : wmpVii1im| i .cultivated - minds of English1 ? gentifinien, '7'"'.1^uttoij^udmtjTO perception flfall Englishmen against - . "t Jhe primeat &^cieB pf obscene senility, and gainst all Bach, '.', ' dastardlyinsinuationB. (Loadcries of ^'Order. ) , The Speaker-The hon. member has used a most chs ; l - «<* -iy imnnnfltinnH ftgnin«t. Bngliflh ladies. (Chfifirs from the. Irish jlr. John O'Conneli gave notice of a motion pfeensure .-iipontwoexpressioiiB used by Mr. DrummoncL ? fe R TT Inlgis also referred to the scene in tennsof Beynolds, after a brief reference to the case of Miss Talbot, denied, on the authority of her guardian, that she ?was, or ever has been, a postulant. He expressed his indig nation at the expressions of. Mr. Drummond respecting mo DAstcrioSi and said, bs himself bad two daughters in one. i They were not imprisoned, because they were permitted to ;,, walk in the grounds Tinder proper superintendence. "(A : laugh.) He regretted that .Lord John Russell had not, in }«« speech last night, made some reference to Mr. Drum xnond's observations. . Lord John Russell explained that he was not m the house -when the expressions were used, and did nottherefore think it proper to refer to them. Admiml Berkeley declared that the statement made by Mr Craven Berkeley, in relation to Miss Talbot, was perfectly true, and that, if-Mr. Berkeley had been in the house, Mr. Reynolds would not have datw to dispute it. TheEarlof ArUndel regretted that Miss Talbot's name had been mentioned, and besought the honse to abstain from referring to it, as a petition on the subject would be tetd before ne Lord Chancellor on Saturday. Sir B. Hall urged, on the authority of the Bishop of CUfton, that Miss Talbot was a postulant. Mr. Milner Gibson "complained of the delay to public business that these discussions occasioned, and the subject \- shortly afterwards dropped. THE ABCTIC EXPEDITION. Sir F. Baling, in reply to questions relatiye to the des patch-of a steamer to Wellington Sound, said thatthepro ,. posal of sending a steamer to Captain Austin had met with ? due consideration, but the Admiralty were of opinion thatit . was not .necessary or advisable to Jsend further vessels. ; ? Captain Austin's expedition was furnished for three years, besides those which have been left by other captains, and for thfc mete purpose of conveying intelligence and having 3 heavy responsibility the Admiralty did not think them selves justified in sending out more vessels; All had been ? done that a generous country could require them to do; and the Admiralty must do their duty in stopping further sup plies of this kind. After a short speech from Sir E. N. Buxton, urging the adoption of all possible measures, Ad miral Berkeley said that Sir John Ross would be back in August, *nd would bring all the information they could se cure though they sent a vessel. A young lady bearing the honoured name of Talbot has acquired considerable notoriety from its introduction in the House of Commons during the . debate of Lord John Russell's measure against " Papal Aggression." The following are the prin ciple features of her case:- ' The Hon. Graven Fitzharelinge Berkeley has pre sented a petition to the House, stating that he some time hack married the widow of the half-brother of the present Earl of Shrewsbury, which lady had two children by her first husband, John, since dead, jtiiI Augusta, who is now upwards of nineteen. The young lady resided with her mother and step father (the petitioner) until the death of the former, . which happened on the 25th April, 1841, from which time till September last she was left under the guardianship of the Earl and Countess of Shrews bury, who. are Roman Catholics, On her brother's death the young lady became absolutely entitled to .£80,000, and remained during her -minority, which will cease on 6th June, 1852, a ward in Chancery. 3ii September, 1850, the Earl and Countess of' Shrewsbury placed the said infant, though a ward, in the convent called the Lodge, at Taunton, in the county, of Somerset, as a Protestant, with the avowed I object of allowing her to take the veil arid become a nun. In the month of September - next, the period of her " postulancy" expiring, she | would be compelled "to take the white veil" she being stall a minor as well as ward in Chancery. : In September, 1852, when she will have been of age three months, the black veil, which is to separate her for ever from the external world, will be drawn over her head, when she will be com petent to execute any legal" instrument at the sug gestion of her superior; and the rich prize, the £80,000, will fall to the Catholic priesthood. Mr. Berkeley proposes, that clauses shall be introduced into the* Ecclesiastical Titles Assumption Bill, which shall forbid the reception, in any convent or similar institution belonging to the Church of Rome, of any person under age as a " postulant." He proposes further, that in the case of " infants" who, during the period of their minority, shall have been admit ted as " postulants" into convents for the purpose of becoming nuns, all their property, absolute or contingent, shall become forfeited to the Crown, to be disposed of as her Majesty may appoint under her sign manual. The Catholic Bishop of Clifton had written a ] letter to the Times impugning the correctness of the foregoing statements. According to this prelate the Earl of Shrewsbury proceeding to the south of Eu rope, and not being able to take his niece with him, applied to the Lord Chancellor as*to how she was to j be disposed of, who decided that she should return as a boarder to the convent at which she had been educated, if they would receive her; the rules of the I (convent, however, not admitting of the reception of I boarders, Miss Talbot applied for admission as a postulant, that is, as one intended to become, in due | time, a nun, if considered properly qualified. Her proposal, the Bishop says, created consternation in the convent, as the nuns knew it would be said that they had inveigled her to enter among them on ac count of her worldly advantages. It was necessary that the Bishop should be applied to on the subject, as the ecclesiastical superior, who wrote to Miss Talbot, as he states, honestly informing her that he! did not consider her fit for the conventional life; ihnt. he might, however, be wrong, and would not, therefore, oppose her wish, if the community were I disposed to give her a trial; that before she became of age there would be ample time for her to decide whether such . a mode of life would be agreeable to her, and for the community whether she was fitted i for it. To the Lady Abbess he wrote in a similar style, adding that in such a case the censures of the' world, which they apprehended, must be disregarded; I andshe was admitted accordingly. On the subject ] of compulsion, the Bishop in his letter expresses' himself as follows .' Now, Sir, about compulsion and such like matters. Miss Talbot "knows full well, and so does, or may, or ought to knpw, every one wlio talks or writes on such subjects, that she is at _perfect libferty.^ in conscience as well as by law, to leave the convcnt any day she may feel so ? inclined. It is ! equally other time, she will be compelled to put on the 4 black veil.' Tf | she chooses to put on the said black .veil, .then she 'Will not be free in conscience to leave the cpnvent; that isj it cannot be allowed her to violate the solemn promises,' she will then have made to God." _ - . As further elucidatory of this case, we annex the foUflwiag:- r , LOBD CHANCELLOR'S COURT, LINCOLN'S INN. Saturday, 22nd March. [Before Lord Truro.] . / / Doyle V. Wrioht. " Uiifler this .head the case of the Hon. Miss Augusta j Talbot, niece to the Earl of Shrewsbury, came before the | Lokjl'Chancellor oil .petition for a reference to the Master t» Betfle"*a 7 8cheine. for her residence. Mr. Rolt appeared in : support ofthepetition on behalf of Miss Talbot by her next j friend, and Air. Page Wood fbr the Hon. C. F. Berkeley. npp'nfng affirmant of counsel,! the Lord Chan E,ettfw toe young lady when on a visit to Lord 8hreWibui^,;and «ie p^rtainly was a. very intelligent young Craven Berkeley,whose conduct in calling my i^ntfim^to thecase was most praiki worthy," applied to me injny private: mom In -writ of habeas ixnrpugj I wb'yh r^wlinnfl toigCTA^inriian mmttnn f»iwnAnfewn nw -m»-| 1 . -. * >?? ... » .»??*'.? . fc*.-w»'.' .«? - .13 J the ifo'use ^fCjommonR.' "i l'. iiave ance ; *©^rad a lktter-j from the "ypMg^,Jadyfl > wMchal will-fhand to theleakned] counsel jomabeiy, Jm ^hich she ^'(?tory ^nciyyF^thi Mr. "Berkeley.'' Thera hak jbeen a state^ntjmafc me y-oxmg ladyt is a postolant in. kiie:c»hveiit. ; '-Sbw thB!yoniig lady hereelf: diBtmetlydoniesthat sheis, -orerer intended-to -tie.; It has, also been ptat^LtbaJthe yorng My Is inthecoaveat with my cona^J'Srait M po^^^ pntrae^. X 'find on reference ?to the oriffls 'fliat' Ae Was plic^.umhsr the care.of lady Shrewsbury td^^roafl,'and now I fetid her in a co^Vent-' ,." Jt .waa fihally <setded that^a;refetenceshbuld be madel*> the Master for a scheme:of residence -for theyoung J&dy;, as. the Lord Chancellor intimated titot ,he wonli, certainly nbt: suffer' her to' remain iri the convent; aind' although it was no part r ofthe duty of the <56iirt to interfere ' with her re ligion, ho_ shoidd -takecare that she was nnderlio coeciion: o r undue inflaence ^rom the Boman Catholics." . .The mercantile .firm" of Messrs. Campbell,- Arnott,, and .Co^of Liverpool, were making arrangements for establishing a vline of -powerful screw-propeller steamers 'between that port-and. Chagres.: Thencej goods and passengers were shortly to be conveyed; byrailway to Panama, where :the firm-have estab- j lished a branch house. The history of the week ended on 'March 22nd had been rendered melancholy by *the occurrence of two dreadful catastrophes, involving immense loss of life and some . sacrifice of property. The first and most disastrous was iat NitshilT Colliery, near Pais j ley, where 61 human beings were at oncfe launched into eternity,by a sudden explosion of foul air, the . immediate cause of,.which has not yet-been ascer tained. A cotton-mill at Stockport was the' scene of j the second calamity-- the explosion of a steam-boiler i -and 19 or 20 lives were lost, several others being severely jeopardised and injured. In the absence of official enquiry it would-be premature to hazard an opinion as to the immediate causes of these terrible ] events, which in one case at least-the colliery ex plosion-is likelyto be obscured-in mystery.- The boiler explosion is attributed to imperfect workman ship on the part of the maker. iBoth cases suggest the necessity for more vigilant superintendence and inspection, where so many lives may be endangered' by the slightest act of negligence or- omission. ; Lady .Franklin had determined upon renemng the search of Prince Regent's Inlet and its vicinity J .for her missing consort; and that the Prince Albert should again start for the north about April. The Admiralty also had resolved to send a powerful steamer into Barrow's Straits, to communicate with j Captain Austen, and bring intelligence of the opera tions of the searching squadron. The good people of Liverpool were on the tiptoe in expectation of the arrival from New York of the | clipper-ship Typhoon, the largest merchant sailing ship ever built in the United States. The Typhoon was to arrive in ballast-trim, the object being to de monstrate her pre-eminent sailing qualities, and to challenge the builders of the United Kingdom to produce her match. The salt mines of Northwich are preparing a spe cimen of rock-salt weighing two tons for the Great Exhibition. The Bristol Mirror says:-" We understand that the new monster steaSner now being built in this city, by Messrs. Patterson and Mercer, for the West j India Packet Company, is eight feet longer than the Great Britain. She is to be called the Demerara, and is being built in the same dock used for the Great Britain The Peninsular and Oriental steam-ship Indus, Captain Soy, left Southampton on the 20th March for Gibraltar, Malta, and Alexandria, with the usual mails for the Mediterranean, Egypt, Aden, the East Indies, and China, 60 passengers, a full cargo for the Egyptian market, a large number of valuable packages for India, and .£300,000 specie. Among the passengers were Major Edwardes, the hero of Mooltam, and his lady, en route to India. The sale of the monster steam-sliip Great Britain, to Messrs. Gribbs & Co., of Liverpool, is thus no ticed in the United Service Gazette: "' It is well known that this leviathan screw-ship, of I Dundrum Bay notoriety, was purchased by a Liverpool firm for £18,000 about two months ago. We understand that it i is now determined to make her not only a seaworthy but j an efficient screw- steamer for Atlantic navigation; and with this view she has been placed in the hands of Penn and Co., engineers, of Greenwich. The old and inefficient machinery, boilers and all, which are nominally of 1,000 horse-power, but could never work up to that amount, are to come out, and Messrs. Penn are to construct and fit new screw ma chinery of 500 horse-power; and it is understood she is to be ready for sea by the 1st September, in order that she may take over to New York some of the longest visitors to the Great Exhibition. It is estimated that, including her purchase-money, she will be completed for about £50,000.' Mr. Bremner, of Wick, has prepared three models for the Exhibition, which promise to be interesting. The first is a beautiful model of the Great Britain steam-ship, as she lay on the strand at Dundrum Bay, with all the ingenious apparatus and lever-power by which Mr. B. achieved the feat of removing and sending- her afloat." The people of Liverpool were about to send to the Great Exhibition a highly- finished and very costly model of that great town, with the docks, shipping, &c.;, and numerous cases of imported articles. A model of Birmingham had ;ilso been prepared for the same purpose. The North Wales Chronicle makes the following j statement:-" It is a curious fact, that of all Lord Dinorben's tenantry in the counties of Anglesey and | Carnarvon there is not a married pair : all are sin gle, either old maids, bachelors, widows, or widowers, together with a bachelor agent to manage the whole. Malthusianism indeed is here realized." The following distinguished and remarkable per sonages had recently died Admiral of the White Sir Edward Hamilton, Bart., K.C.B., better known as "Captain of the Surprise." This distinguished officer was the hero of the celebrated cutting-out expedition of the Her mione, which desperate affair has rendered the name of Hamilton immortal in naval annals. At Great Malvern, in his 80th year, the Earl of j Meath. The noble earl is succeeded in his title and estates by his eldest son, Lord Brabazon. Sir Stafford Henry Northcote, Bart., aged 89. The deceased is succeeded in his title and estates by his grandson, S. H. Northcote, Esq., secretary to the Royal Commission for conducting the Great | Exhibition. At his residence, Brighton, suddenly, Major General Mahon. Deceased retired to rest on the previous night in his usual health and spirits, and ! in this morning was found dead in his bed. Major- j 'General Mahon served in Ireland in the Rebellion of 1798. He also served twenty years in the West Indies, and was present at the capture of Surinam,' and also of Guadaloupe, in 1810. FRANCE. The disarming of the national guard at Stras bourg has produced very little agitation in France. By way of revenge, the republican party are pub lishing Lotus Napoleon's proclamation to the people I of Strasbourg, dated October 30th, 1836, the~day of ihis luckless attempt at revolution. The .review ] had passed off very well. It is said that Mr. Berryer intends to withdrawjhis proposition with re gard to the 45c. tax, or at least materially to modify J it. The re-union of the BoUrbon family is at an j end. The opposition of the legitimists to M. Cre-; ton's motion has offended the Orleamsts so much ' that they decline to support the Count de Chambord.! The legitimists .are equally enraged, and will rather J h.elp Louis Napoleoii than assist the fkmilyof Orleans. These disputes will, of course, .teud very much, to i the president's advantage. It is stated" that the ! French government have prepared a third note against the admission of the Sclavonic and Italian | states of Austria into, the: German confederation. This note'is , said to' be couched in even more de cided terms than the last. It is further stated that j presented to flisA hirfrian raWrii^ }iy M'. ? de Justice.:'; .'fhe . mummy; of feihale was fouiijl -wallet iip in <ther portion of' the building be was -eft- 1 gagedindemolishing." - "r .' The Frencli piapere report thfe'discovery of a. Co medie-BaUet, written by Moli&re; in 1<6$4,' which has never; been published in any of the numerous editions bf his works, among the volumes of the National Library ParisV It is entitled Le Ballet M. Lamartine1 has;rpresented tb the Legislative Assembly of France - a petition from KL William Tell Poussin, formerly Minister ofthe Republic in the United States, graying the Government to grant ' a block: of granite, taken from the quarries of Cher: bourg, for the erection of a monument to ' General j Washington. ITALY. Letters from Rome of the 10th March announced ' that, a dispute having arisen between some of the; French troops at Rome and the Pope's soldiers, they came to. blows, and several persons were severely injured on both sides; but none killed. The French soldiers were beaten. The following are the particulars of an outrage, alleged to have been committed on the British flag, at Ancona :- . ; > " An. English schooner -of the name of Albert, on enter- -j ing the port of Ancona daring- a dense fog, came in col-' lision with an Austrian vessels; both received some damage.; When the dispute was referred to the Papal authorities,' \ they decided that it was ti casiis fortuitus, and therefore j each party most suffer its separate losses. Mr. Moore, the British consul, acting with great moderation and courtesy, J informed the Austrian Consul 24 hours before the Albert left the port that thevesselWas ready for sea, which act on' fiie part of Mr. Moore was done to avoid any unpleasant ton sequences. ; It..appears, however, that the Austrian Consul i did not act with the same courtesy towards the Consul, Mr. Moore, by remaining silent, and when the Albert was under sail with the British colours flying, she was boarded by an Austrian boat from the Austrian man-of-war in the harbour; the men were armed with cutlasses and fixed bayonets, and j compelled the Albert to come to anchor in the; port. . - This outrage was committed in the middle of the day in the prer - sence of foreign vessels; and the inhabitants of Ancona, who for the first time witnessed with indignation and sur prise the British, flag insulted by the Austrians, naturally j observed, how is it that England, with her powerful fleet in the Mediterranean, cannot spare a vessel of war to protect English merchantmen from Austrian insolence? - The Albert was at last liberated through the generosity of Mr." Moore, who gave his bond to meet any legal claims that might be admitted to proper authorities against the Albert. HESSE-CASSEL. A regiment which bad been unfavourably marked by the Government of Hesse- Cassel for its sym pathy with the _ popular cause, was recalled from country-quarters into Caseeils, the capital of the j Electorate. The greatest precautions were taken to check anything like a demostration on the part either of the Soldiers or the citizens. The obnoxious regiment was guarded into the town between troops of hussars and gendarmes, who were ordered to en force the strictest silence. Some of the townspeople complied with the letter but avoided the spirit of the ordei-, by chalking in large letters the word " Hurrah!"' on the backs of their coats, and so walking in front of their military friends. Others wore cravats on the front of which the same word was inscribed. These novel neckcloths are now known as the " Hurrah cravats." \- THE DUCHIES. The whole of the Austrian troops Avere to be with drawn from Hamburg and the Duchy of Holstein j and Rendsburg was to be occupied by Danish troops and the Holstein contingent. The Emperor of Aus tria reviewed the .garrison of Vienna on the 13 th March, being the anniversary of the revolution, when everything passed off quietly. The Czar had ad dressed a letter to him, disapproving of the late plans of the Austrian Cabinet. Letters from Berlin, of the 19th March, announce that a note had been'received from Vienna, containing a reply to the Prussian Memorial of the 9th. Austria expresses its perfect readiness to co-operate for the creation of a permanent central Government, but | persists in demanding the Presidency. Prussia is resolved, if Austria insists on the Presidency, to oppose the annexation. SAXONY. There was nothing doing at Dresden, though both ! parties are said to be decided as to the course of | action. Discussion was still kept up on the pro bable effects of the admission of the non-German j States into the band, against which France ener- i getically protests, sending a diplomatic note to that | effect to the Governments of Prussia and Russia. SWEDEN. A letter from Stockholm of the 1st March states that the Committee charged by the General Diet of the Kingdom to examine the proposition for granting to the Jews the same pivil and political rights as are enjoyed by other subjects not belonging to the Lutheran Church, has decided by a large majority in favour of the motion. Fiye of the members of I the Committee have even proposed the complete emancipation of Swedish Jews. The Swedish Chambers have just passed a votej of Want of confidence in the advisers of the Crown, and have decided on an address to the King, de- I manding their dismissal. It is riot however thought, at Stockholm, that his Majesty will accede to the request of the Chambers, as the Ministry is upheld: | by public opinion. POLAND. Prince Paskliewich, the Viceroy of Poland, had given permission to Gount Henry Brewuski, .a cele brated Polish nobleman, to publish a daily political and literaiy paper at Warsaw, on the 1st of the month, named the Dziennik Warszawski, or Warsaw ] Journal. ' ? . ~ TURKEY. The Weser Gazette, of the 7th March gives the following account, from Constantinople, of an at tempt to poison the Sultan: ." The Sultan has barely escaped being poisoned. Some fanatical Ulemas had formed a conspiracy against him. The brother of his Highness was at the head plot. The plan was to corrupt the Sultan's doctor. The latter feigned j to enter into the project.. A million was the price offered him to kill his master by mixing poison - in his medicines. The conspirators fell into the snare, and committed them selves by writing. The doctor, Spitzer, revealed the. plot, to the Sultan. Abdul Medjid would not believfe it till con vinced by the written proof The doctor, unable to remain i in Constantinople, lest'he should fall a victim to theven- j geance of the conspirators, left with his wife for Trieste. A few days afterwards it was learned that several Ulemas had disappeared. They had been executed. No one knows ] what has become of the Sultan's brother." Letters from Constantinople record an interesting combat outside the walls of Bagdad, the " City of the Caliphs." It is well known that the great Arab tribe: of . the Annezeh migrate yearly, following the course of the Euphrates, from the neighbourhood of Aleppo to that of Bagdad, where they arrive about Christmasj and sell camels aud horses, and buy dates. - ; It -has long- been the custom of the Pashas of Bagdad to pay black mail to the powerful Sheikhs of ? this tribe and the Shainmar, when their vast encampments move down into the neigh bourhood of -the old capital of the Galiphs, in [ order to keep the roads open^ and protect pilgrims' j and travellers from the depredations of the ? Bedouins. - It seems, however, that' Abdi Pasha,' who has, recently succeeded to the jpashalik, refused the usual purses of. tomauns demanded. of him by | the Annezeh Sheikhs. Thereupon a ctoudof were./seenVin ~6^&eTigris.; The dcty- waHB:Ts^e'thdr.^raen rm^thp aliXH alW M ^robpV' to*.;iheet;f$|je^enjpj,'.bn^ alffioiigt "tliejr tad catmoii" with then^ihiey: qool^.;not stand the charge J of ;the" Ajonezeh, aT1d ttpy, jflrere -beateii baekinto B^dad, kfter suffering roimderable loss, aad lea^g;ohegun on the field3 ^he^^ezeh; wereencamped in ot ^f®y l»«S^ii|,;;1ai^. wijtin.noa"£heif' depr&iatioris; to ;1the jfight jind .left over &e; whole d6aiiry? plundering the *'villages " and : driving-: off cattle.\: Meanwhile tiiree of the Sheikhs "hadbeen' to the Serai to parleywith the Pasha. Q4e oil: these ^vjiag suddenly died, it is expected that ' he must have teen poisoned .with; the eofiFee or sherbet which is usually offered as a compliment in the East on all visits.: The Arabs Md been. irritated to a great, pitch of "fbiy by this presumeid treachery. . V.A letter from Tunri, daied Jan. 3, repprts that <3eta- Beni died at iileppd op'jthe ilth December^ af^era Bhort illness. r He died a Mossnlmani and thus received all thphonobrs due to his rank. He was 60 years old. : - ? EGYPT! - Letters from Germany, m the Paris journals, state | that the mental alienation of . Abbas Pacha, Vice roy-of Egypt, increases; that the country is in: a most wretched state; that it is impossible to get in the taxes ; and that the favourites are squandering what remains of the treasure accumulated by Mehe met Ali. ~ UNITED STATES. The 'Liverpool Albion of March 24 notices the] arrivals of the Cambria and Europe,' s teamers, with despatches from New York extending to the 11th March. ? From the columns of our Liverpool con-' temporary we give the following (abridged) : sum mary, of Transatlantic news . .V- Our last advices, it will be' remembered, announced the ! adjournment of Congress on the 4th inst. On tlie 5 th, the : Senate again assembled in extra session to receive a number of treaties, &e.;, from the Executive for ratification. For. European readersthe details'would be utdnterestipg, the chief feet being the ratification: of. the Tehuantepec Treaty wlfli Mexico. On the 8th inst., however, a variety of reso- ? Iutions were adopted,, calling on the President for official returns of the amount of commerce with British Nvrth | America, and the prospect of reciprocity, &c.; Some sharp disputes occurred during the sitting; but on the 10th inst. the Senate was finally adjourned. Other accounts state that a treaty with Nicaragua was also sanctioned. Numerous Foreign Ministers were appointed. Mr. H. J. Brooke, of Pennsylvania, was chosen Consul at Belfast. Letters dated the 7th instant say,' The Senate in cxiecutive session, has to-day ratified the treaties lately negociated with Por tugal, with Switzerland, and the treaty with Mexico res pecting the Tehuantepec route from the Gulf to the Pacific. The treaty of extradition with Mexico was. rejected.' " Our New York files contain much discussion relative to the operation of Mr. Hunter's Bill; the monopolists contend ing that it will impart some slight protection to the coal and iron interests; the additional duty, on iron being one dollar 75 cents, per ton, on Coal about 60 cents, per ton. Grave doubts, however, attach to the statement; and probably the wish is father to the thought. Heavy dues being levied on imported salt, transmitted via the New York canals, efforts were about to be made to procure a reduction. " Our miscellaneous accounts are interesting. Some tea had been received via California, from China, in 69 days. Jenny Lind had presented 4,800 dollars to the charities of New Orleans. She would, probably, leave New York for Liverpool and London in July or August next. On the 10th the Hon. H. Clay arrived at New York : he was cnthusi- ' astically received. Proposals for shipping free negroes to j Jamaica had been received with favour in Richmond. Ac counts from Cincinnati report that the cholera was disap pearing again. Gen. Henderson's trial at New Orleans was slowly progressing. Serious apprehensions of an overflow of the Mississippi were entertained at New Orleans on the 5th instant; the height being within three feet of last year's. Jenny Lind was on the eve of leaving for Natchez. Sub scriptions were being made to support Mr. G. Thompson, M.P., in his anti-slavery tour through the States.' Several large steam-ships for the Pacific Mail Steam-ship Co. had been launched at New York. It was intended to consolidate the steam lines from New York to Chagres and from Panama | to San Francisco, under one management, by Messrs. How land and Law. On the 2nd instant the steamer Oregon, while on her passage from Louisville to New Orleans, burst her boiler, near Vicksburg, killing and wocuidinS. about 60 persons. Very interesting accounts relative to the works in operation for the'junction of the Pacific and Atlantic are given in the columns of our contemporary the New York Herald. Commodore Vanderbilt, the manager of the Company, had returned to New York, fully convinced that a ship-canal may readily be formed. Great progress liad been made, with the surveys, and up to the last date the engineers' have fixed upon routes for a ship canal between the Lake ] of Nicaragua and the Pacific ocean-and also a road for pas sengers and freight from the extremity of the lake to the Bay of San Juan on the Pacific. Rio ? Lagos. had been selected on the Atlantic side of the lake. Route: from Nejy York to San Juan, by steam-ship, thence to the Castillian rapids on the San Juau River, by steamboat; from this point to the river above the aforesaid rapids, a distance of I 100 yards or so by land; thence by the River San Juan and the Lake of Nicaragua to Virgin Bay; thence to San Juan Harbour on the Pacific, a distance of 12 miles by land, and thence ? to San Francisco by steam-ship. Making liberal allowances for delays, &e.;, this will bring San Francisco by I June, within 20 days of New York, being many days shorter than the connection can be made by any other route. . " Our mercantile accounts report several failures in New York, Sec., one, that of Messrs. Austens and Spicer, being for about £200,000. Letters from Washington of the 6th say, "The failure of the Mexican 1,852 Instalment Bill in the Senate must be a pretty serious loss to Barings and Co." During February, 5,115,363 dollars value of coinage was issued from the Pcnsylvania Mint, being the largest amount ever accomplished in a single month." Throughout the States preparations were being made by numberless persons for visiting the " World's Fair." The New York Journal of Commerce, in | answer to many enquiries from Indiana, says : " The rates of fere for either London or Liverpool, namely, in sailing vessels, are, cabin passage, 75 dollars; steerage, 50 dollars. We hear of no arrangement for the conveyance of passengers to the World's Fair different from those, already existing. Our regular packets are unrivalled'as regards, their capacity for affording a speedy, safe, and pleasant passage to the Old World, being spacious, dry, and well ventilated, and, what is not of the least importance, well commanded. As to steam vessls, frequent departures will take place, affording every accommodation and luxury that could be desired. As in the case of sailing packets, a considerable proportion of the passenger accommodation of the Atlantic steamers is engaged for several weeks to come. All the steamers now sailing for Europe exhibit quite ex tended passenger lists, and the probabilities are, that the | Sermann, of the Southampton and Bremenline, which.sails: on the 22nd instant, .and the Frcmklhi, of the Havre line, which sails on the 5th pro.ximo, touching a.t Southampton, will go full. The steam-ship Caribbean, now very nearly j completed, will be run between New York and England, and should the demand justify, other steamers will be placed on the same route. A large sailing vessel was expected in Liverpool from Cinciimati direct. She had already been safely! towed over the rapids. The legislature of Iowa has sanctioned a law prohibiting the immigration of negroes into, that State. ? Father Mathew, after administering the pledge to j thousands at New Orleans, last month, was about to j visit Texas. Letters -received from the Rev. G. Copway, the Indian chief, announce, that the writer expected to act as agent for the United States Government in the execution of its plan for a general council of the j northwest Indian tribes, in September next, to con-1 centrate the scattered remnants of the Red Men. - Mademoiselle. Lind, it is said, " sang and, cried j for joy " on hearing that the United States' mail ! steam-ship Atlantic had not been lost during herj late disastrous trip. Jenny, it will be rememberedj 1 departed fronTLiverpool for New York on board the] Atlantic. She had suffered much from , a .severe] cold, but in a short time recovered. In the Transatlantic mtelligepce before us,' s^e 3 find nothing from California so late as we have re-] ceived across the Pacific. . . " Advices' from Cincinnati, under date rMarch 7., givie the particulars of a. dreadful steamboat explo sion by which 60 peraonSwere killed or wounded ,:- 1 ! " The Steamer 'Oregon, bound down from i/ouisville, while J passing through .the shuts of ' Island No. 83,- Sit 1 p.m. on the 2nd instant, burst her boiler with a tomendDus'treport,-; carrying away the forward cabin and upper dec^ and kil-: ling and wounding 60 persons. She was heavily. Jaden, and. haa!from80 to'lOOpaesengjera; whohad just finished dinner, and were :generadly ie6llected in tiie hall and on the forward guards 3-t ,the .tune. She took fire sifter 4hc explosion^and T it v.. ". burnt to tito water** edge, and being intl® channel of the river, ind-ander; i^ jro^fciite iBq^^ allthose on. board but for tfab assistance ofiiho Jroouoig.wlxtch was. TOQod .waft pie tiiie^/tiie^^^sloa^bd VB^ kpiodi'9the waltersin the jfcsabin &^$$nasriand ^wpre £Ul?d e^ptthesteward.: [IZigiit wlule firemBn ^^reicBle*L' , ... - -..'" ' '" Atias' of tH^|&>Tlow =ingparticulars&£ a Wonderfiil catgoV- ,. , > "Thepacket^p-DameZ TFeb^, C^pt^n &qn;^ LIverpboI,?hi$s 4a board >Xim > -iargest -^caigo ever-'entered at ihl?; jwrt,: . Shp. broaght SjOOO torn, > independentofthiee a&Wfliii;'' Water ; and stores,., for 25p ; ;passeiig8iB. > - _Of dead'Weight she has 850 ions of Iroi4 steel, rcopper, and tin ; of > eartfienwart?," -5M Ti ci^es; and of fine ^nd coaise goods ? - ?TOO - > packages, .-^OO'-of' whielr are entered ,»«... transitu, ./.for .the > XJanadaa.-j^:-These \,last are stowed where theycah be disoh^ged first, and > .placied j without delay ontte tailroJid for. their destination^ ., The > regularity, despateb,'and facilities1 afforded :by Train' &n;<L Ckj/B.line > of packets: are so well known; ;both in1 Liverpool' 'and the Canadas, that > hereafterTmoSt of the goods, for Canada will will be sent by item. -Of ik& > .Danid, JPeiwfar Gaptain Howard speafeis in:tbe highest tenns. r She > sails.fkst, works well, aind lies to like i duck." ?» '-.-v.. .. ...;. > luffixreo: / , Letters from Mexico;: in 't&eN;«iw York journals, stated that a proposition had . been made in the Chamber of Deputies to prevent the erection of con vents and; forbid any woman under twenty-five years of age. from taking the veil.; : Public schools are being fonned in Mexico; and bull-fights are falling into contempt. A journalist of Puebla had been throiwn in prison for writing articles in favour of free trade; and several journalists had been expelled from the city of Mexico for writing too freely on public affairs. .The Eleetric Telegraph has'been introduced into Mexico. -One hundred and twenty miles of line between Mexico -and Ojbde Agna are to be. opened by the 1st of May, and -the whole enterprise -will include a line from Vera Cruz to ^Mexico, of which Ojode and Agna is the -first seclabn, and from. Mexico to Acapulco, uniting the Atlantic and Pacific ports. Another line wiU'be laid from Mexico to Tampico. ! CENTRAL AMERICA. ' Letters from Honduras, received at Boston, speak .of rumours current that Her Majesty's: ships-of-war were about to blockade' Truxillo and'Gmoa. Miich ! doubt existed as to their authenticity. Accounts from Central America state that a battle between the army of Guatemla and of Salvador and Honduras took place three leagues from Chiquimala. The. forces of Salvador and'Honduras were com pletely defeated. The vanquished,1 who fled " in all .directions, were pursued by General Carrera, who, it was thought, would march on San Salvador. From the Isthmus of Panama we have accounts to the 25th February; recording that the first rails of the,Panama Railroad were laid on the 24th, and that a locomotive and tender had been landed. Much fever had prevailed amongst the labourers. From Valparaiso we have accounts to the 24th January. Her Majesty's ships Asia, Dcedulus, Daphne, and the steam-frigate Driver were in port, and H.M.S. Portland momentarily expected to re lieve the Asia. Great progress was being made with the Copiapo Railway. Several shiploads of rail had been received, and four miles laid down. During 1850, 378,049 marks of silver were ex ported from Copiapo. Political affairs were tranquil, j Congress had adjourned on the 10th, after autho rizing the President to grant a subsidy of $36,000 for three years, to promote a monthly line of mail steamers, of 300 tons each, to the ports south of Valparaiso. A new coinage-law had been adopted, and the Customs' receipts had greatly increased. On the 19th January a sloop-of-war was launched at Valparaiso. Our accounts announce, also, the des truction of the British ship Alfred in the Pacific, from her cargo (coal) having spontaneously ignited. Her crew had arrived at Talcahuano in the boats. SOUTH AMERICA. Letters from Callao of February 9, report that troops had been despatched to quell a rising of slaves near Truxillo. Congress had been summoned in extra session for the election of a President ; Echnique was the successful candidate. Great pro gress was made with the railroad to Lima ; it was expected it would be completed by April. Freight low; guano, £3 5s., to Cork for orders. Accounts from Bolivia, in the New York journals, announce," that Belzu was at; La Paz, and that one or two partial insurrections had occurred. Mazatlan advices of February 9, state that up wards of £12,000 worth of contraband goods had been seized by the Customs officers. 