LATER ENGLISH NEWS. By the kindness of Mr. Charles Cooper, Religious Instructor, of the prison ship Rodney, which arrived in our port on Saturday evening last, we are put in possession of English intelligence to the 22nd of September. Mr. Cooper makes the following remarks on the passage out: The Rodney had a fine run of 74 days from Gibraltar, 86 days from Queen's Town, and bring news from England to the 23rd of September. On the 20th day from Gibraltar crossed the line ; while running down the south-east trades ; we did not go farther to the westward than 27 ° 30' W. and on the eighth day from the line passed the island of " Tristan de China.'' From the meridian of Greenwich to the South Cape, Van Diemen's Land, we were barely 31 days. I think this is good exemplification of "small-circle sailing", as opposed to its' great contrary " The Queen and Royal Family were at Balmoral, engaging the pleasures of their Highland Home. Her Majesty was to visit Liverpool on the 9th of October, from which place it was said, the Royal pair would proceed to London to close the Exhibition in state; which event was to take place on the 11th October. The Rattler was to leave Plymouth on the 14th September. The Anna Maria was taken up for female convicts, and was to sail about the middle of October. Exhibition The great exhibition was attract- ing thousands of visitors daily for the week ending S September 19th, 275,262 persons entered the building, and £15,141 were taken at the door. The Persian Ambassador honoured the exhibition with his presence during the week, when his graceful national costume attracted much notice. And another Lion has been, " a noble-looking Sikh Chief," who wondered about through the crystal palace, and frowned rather angrily at all, and their name is '. Legion," who take the liberty of looking at him 1 A man, in full conventional costume walked about the galleries, wholly unattended. From this statement it will be seen that the approaching close of the "Great Spectacle" begins to make itself felt in a gradually increased attendance. The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty had invited tenders for Steam Ships to Australia : which were to be delivered on the 4th of December ; the contract to continue four years. No satisfactory intelligence had been received of Sir John Franklin. On the 18th September the '* Lady Franklin,'' commanded by Captain Parry, arrived at Woolwich, and the " Sophia'' was daily expected. The Danish interpreter has returned with them, and expresses his belief that the discovery ships .' Erebus" and " Terror's are still safe. Tallow Market Town tallow, per cwt., 39s. 6d. ; fat by ditto, 2s. 9d. ; Russian candle, 40s. Oil Market -Sperm per tun, 857 to 877; head matter, 95s; South Sea, 34 to 35. Wool Rlurket, September 19 -The market is quiet, and there is nothing to give a particular stimulus, the state of trade in Yorkshire being languid. The Kaffir war and the Australian gold discoveries may, however, yet affect the future supplies of colonial. STEAM COMMUNICATION WITH AUS f KALI A. The following are the conditions upon which the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty are ready to receive tenders from persons willing. provide for, the establishment of steam communication with Australia ; the tenders to be. delivered on the 4th December. The contract to continue in force for four years, and may be terminated by a twelve month's notice from either party : " The tenders are to be for vessels propelled by screws, and they may be made either for a line of steamers between the Cape of Good Hope and Sydney, in continuation of the existing line between England and the Cape, or for a new line extending the whole way from England to Sydney. " The parties tendering are to frame their offers for two different contingencies: "Under the first, the steamers would bore quired to stop at King George's Sound, Adelaide, and Port Phillip, on their way to and from Sydney. v " Under the second, the steamers would stop only at Port Phillip outwards, where a branch steamer, to be provided by the contractors would take the mails and convey them to Adelaide and King George's Sound, and return to Adelaide to meet the homeward steamer. " The tenders are to state for what annual sum each of these two route would be undertaken by it on as well as by wooden vessels; and also the day on which the parties would be prepared to commence service " The contractors must engage to convey the mails and dispatches six times in a year each way. and will have to deliver and receive mails at King George's Sound, Adelaide, and Port Phillip, and at such either places as the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty may from time to time dr termine and direct, both on the outward and homeward voyage to and from Sydney. " They must also engage to convey them at a speed which, on the average of each voyage, shall not be less than 35 knots per hour and as a precaution against failure in this condition no vessel will be accepted for the performance of the contract which is not found, on trial on the measured knots on the Thames, to attain the speed of nine knots an hour, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, propelled by steam alone, and without the aid of sails. " They must likewise engage to supply, during the continuance of the contract, vessels equal in number and size to those specified in their tender, and these vessels are to be subject at all proper times to survey the officers in the employment of the Admiralty and any defect discovered on such survey to he immediately made good by the contractors. This survey to extend to the crew, officers, and engineers and machinery, as well as the hull of the vessel. " The vessels to be always supplied and furnished with all necessary and proper machinery, engines, apparel, stores, furniture, tackle, boats, fuel, oil, tallow, provisions, anchors, cables, fire pumps, and other proper means for extinguishing fire, lightning conductors, charts, chronometers, proper nautical instruments, and whatsoever else may be requisite and necessary for equipping the said vessels and rendering them constantly efficient for the service to be performed, and also manned and provided with legally qualified and competent officers, and a sufficient crew of able seamen and other men. " The days and hours of departure and arrival at each port are to be fixed by the said commissioners, and may be altered from time to time by them on giving a notice to the contractors of three months. " The said commissioners are to have the power of ordering the vessel to be so arranged and constructed as to be capable of carrying with efficiency such armament as they may consider suitable and for this purpose may require the designs and plans of all vessels, to be built for the performance of the cant race, to be submitted to them previous to their construction. " Proper accommodation to be provided, free of expense, for the naval officer in charge of the mails ; but the parties tendering are at liberty to state what deduction they would make in event of this condition not being required. " A penalty of £1000 to be incurred when the contractors fail in providing a vessel, in accordance with their agreement, ready to put to sea at the appointed hour; and also the sum of £50 for every successive day which shall elapse until such steam-vessel shall actually proceed to sea ; but the payment of such penalty shall not be enforced in the event of such default being proved to the satisfaction of the said commissioners to have arisen from circumstances over which the contractors and their agents had no control. " A penalty of £100 to be incurred if the vessel stop, linger, or deviate from the right course, or put back or return except from stress of weather or other unavoidable circumstances, or unless authorised by the officer in charge of the mails. "The said commissioners shall at any time during the continuance of the contract, in case of great public emergency, have power and be at liberty to purchase all or any of the said vessels at a valuation, or to charter the same exclusively for her Majesty's service, at a rate of hire to be mutually at the time fixed and agreed by them and the contractors ; but if any difference should at any time or times arise as to the amount of valuation or hire so to be paid such difference shall be referred to two arbitrators, one to be chosen from time to time by the said commissioners, and the other by the contractors and if such arbitrators should at any time or times not agree in the matter or question referred to them, then such question the difference shall be referred by them to an umpire to be chosen by such arbitrators before they proceed with the reference to them and the joint and concurrent award of the said arbitrators, -for the separate award of the said umpire, when the arbitrators cannot agree, shall be binding and conclusive on all parties. The contractors shall undertake for themselves all arrangements relative to quarantine, as connected with the due, and regular performance of the conditions of the contract. " The contractors shall not assign, underlet, dispose of the contract, or any part thereof, without the consent in writing of the said commissioners and in case of any deliberate or wilful breach thereof by the contractors, the said commissioners may terminate it without any previous notice to him, nor shall they be entitled to any compensation in consequence of such determination. " No member of the House of Commons shall be admitted to any share or part of the contract, or to any benefit to arise therefrom, in pursuance of the provisions of the act of Parliament. " The contractors to be bound with two responsible sureties, to be named in their lenders, in the penalty of £4000, for the due fulfilment of the contract and they must furnish the names of the parties of whom enquiries can be made as to their responsibility." THE GOVERNMENT AND THE AUS ' TBALIAN PACKET SERVICE. The advertisement from the Admiralty for tenders for a steam communication to Sydney at intervals of two months, by the Cape of Good Hope, at a speed of 35 knots per hour, I looked I upon in the City as simply ridiculous. It has not awakened the slightest interest on the part of any of our merchants connected with Australia, and the only hope it seems to have created is, that it may serve as another and final illustration of the way in which our mail contract system is suffered to cripple a branch of enterprise of for which we have great advantages li mu any other nation. The population of Australia, exclusive of New Zealand, is little short of 41)0,000 souls, and its rate of increase has been about 100 percent, in 10 years. She takes of our manufactures an annual total of between ¿.'2.000,000 and £3,000,000 sterling, that is to Bay, as much as the whole of our North American poussions, more than the whole of our West India colonies, insular and continental, including Honduras, and more than four times as much as the Cape of Good Hope. Steam mail contractors to our North American colonies have been granted for the last 12 years, and now cost £159,000 per annum. By the West Indies the same advantage has been enjoyed for ten years, and the cost per annum is 224 000. Lastly, to the Cape a similar grant has been made, involving 'an actual expenditure of £31.000. Under these circumstances, Australia, for some years importuned the Government to deal with her in the same, or, at all events, to leave her free to obtain from our merchants and capitalists the natural benefits which her enormous and growing trade would speedily have insured. She offered, moreover, to contribute some portion of the expence. But although the cry continued throughout the whole of that period, and scarcely a letter was received from her merchants which did not contain some bitter expression at the treatment practised, either warnings nor appeals had the slightest effect. The public meetings of the colonists, which were almost confined to petitioning for steam communication, and protesting against co'nvIci'/'imniigraHon, were answered by steady obstruction in the former case, and in the latter by the introduction into Vandiomen'u Land during the past year of no less than 2894 criminals. Finally, the announcement was made that what had been denied to Australia with her 400 000 prosperous and enterprising inhabitants, was forthwith to be granted to our African stations at Sierra Leone, Cape Coast Castle. and Fernando Po. The crowding front of the history seemed thus attained, and here it actually stood at the commencement of the present month. Suddenly, however, came the news, which may possibly, in tho course of another year, attract to Sydney every ship and steam vessel that can got there. The number of ships that entered San Francisco in the quarter ending September, 1850, was 488, with a total burden of 149,364, tons many of them steamers of the largest kind, which have since been followed by others working not only without the advantage of a Government contract, but absolutely in profitable competition with those so favoured. With her existing population, her splendid climate, and other attractions for immigrants, no reasons could be shown, supposing the gold discoveries were confirmed, why the marvels to be witnessed at Sydney should not exceed those of California. At this juncture the Government resolved to net, and consequently to a colony which can now boast the prospect of seeing its harbour thronged with ships of all kinds and all nations, the boon is at length conceded of a slow steamer from the mother country six times in a year. Anything more ludicrous was perhaps never yet | recorded, even among all that has occurred in the shape of Government interference with commerce But, absurd as it is the evil connected with it may still be serious. So completely has self-reliance been deadened in this country as regards the establishment of steam lines by the pernicious influence of monopolies, that, even with existing prospects, it is probably no body of persons will be found bold enough to start an independent enterprise. More than a year ago the Pacific Steam Company, of Liverpool, tendered a monthly mail for £48,000 per annum. If it were safe at that time to offer to undertake it with such a payment, the improved circumstances, of Australia, her increased traffic with the west coast of America and the opening up of the Nicaragua transit, to say nothing of the gold question, would now seem at least to warrant an experiment without any such aid Of course, if the postages, or even half of them were allowed, there would not be a moment's difficulty, but it is in that point that the power of the Government lies and as it is hopeless to endeavour to disturb their routine views, whatever is now done should be done without them. The colonists, moreover, would be far more willing to patronise and make sacrifices for a line that should boldly start on its own resources, than for one which had subjected itself to all sorts of nig- going shackles and delays in negotiating with the miserable and humiliating invitations of the Lords of the Admiralty. At all events, if the gold news be confirmed, and no steps are taken, we may at once resign the South Pacific to the Americans along with the north. They know the field it presents, and, if we are indis- posed to share it with them, it is to be hoped we shall be rational enough not to complain when they shall render the service to our fellow countrymen at the antipodes of regularly conveying goods and intelligence many days in advance , of the remarkable fleet for which, since the receipt of the recent tidings, the Government have so suddenly advertised.- Times 