TO CONTRACTORS. TENDERS are invited to be sent in to our Offïce, on Monday, the 17th instant, for the whole or several works to be executed in the erection of a COTTAGE at St. Kilda, for J. G. Foxton, Esq. The materials for the stone and brick work wll be furnished by the proprietor. All necessary information may be obtained at our office. RUSSELL & THOMAS, Architects. Little Collins-street, March 3rd, 1851. TO JASONS, BRICKLAYERS, * CARPENTERS, &c;' TENDERS aro invited for the whole or several works tobo executed ni tho eie.tion of a cot?, go at Castle Hill, on tho Plenty River, (21 miles irom Melbourne, for John Bear, '^Materials frr the'stone, biiek, and plastering work « ill be furniblied by tho proprietor. Bullock teams will also ho required to cart several loads from Melbourne. All necessary information may bo obtains at the office of the Architects, to whom lenders MO to bo delivered upon Monday, tho 17th ol Mar(!l,. RUSSELL & THOMAS, ' Architects. Little Colliiis-strcot, _ February 27, l8 ii. £10 HE WARD. STOhEiV on Monday last, from tho Paddock of Mr Michael Skehan, Kilmore, a bay loree, Hack points, star on forehead, short doek (",'), snip on nose, branded R on the near shoul . der with spy- glass on off shoulder; also a dapple gray horse, switch tail, briinded-MS on the near shoulder, C on off bhouldcr, small piero out of enr, shod all round. £5 will bo paid for tho recovery of the horses, or £10 on conviction ot tho thief or thieves. ^^ ^^ March I?._ REWARD. STOLEN, on tho 10th instunt, from off tho highway on the Sydney road, six miles from Melbourne, a CIIESNUT TIMOR MARE branded N on the near, and OB conjoined, on tho off shoulder, with new bridlo mid Bnddlo Any person giving such information as «ill lead to her recovery, will roceiyo a reward of £3, and, on conviction, £5, by applica- tion to MR. HUGH M'KINNON, Bakers' Arms, Melbourne March I?, I8JI. STOLE 1ST. THREE POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN from Buninyong in January last, a ROAN M AUK, aged, branded git cou M joined, oil tho near shoulder. Whoever «'ill bring lier to Mr John Veitch, postmaster, Bon inyoiig, will receivo tho tibovo reward. Iioniiiyoiig, March s'tli, 1851. CAUTION, TTniEItEAP, ii Chestnut Golding Horso has M Strayed or been Stolen from the Bray Brook Pound, Salt Water Uiver, four weeks ago, braitd-TP nour shoulder, 15 hands high, yvhite f.ice, 4 years old. Any person that ivill give information, or laing tho aboyo to Vr Heather, No. C4, Bourke street, \ elboiirne, will ho handsomely rewarded. N.li.-Any person found «sing, nr in pos- session of tim' above,yvitl be piosecuted according to tho luw. \- PRESBYTER IAN CHURCH. B H7 E tho undersigned respectfully if quest IT tho Presbyterians in and «round Broiidniciulows, and also those in the vicinity ol Hie Deep Creek to meet at Mr Coghill's senior, Moonee Ponds, on Wednesday the 1'Jt.h hist, at ¡¡o'clock p.m. for tho purpose of determining upon the site und mode of erecting a Church, «nd liketvise for beciiring tho services of a minister. WM COGHILL, senr. PETER YOUNG, ' PETER M'CRACKEN. March 10, 1851. NOTICR. TF the Black Colt left hy Mr V. Liareht at X Mr W'ere's Farm, Brighton (now tenanted by Mr John Taylor), bo not taken nw-ay on or before the 19th instunt, the sumo will ho sold to' pay the expenses thereon. ' March 12th, l8 Jil. . KOTIGE. rpiIE Central Firo Relief Oommitteo ivill in I future meei at THE MECHANICS' INSTI- TUTION, on TUESDAYS, THURSDAYS, and SATURDAYS, from IU lo 2 oVlue!:, when all tnnh'cutions from sufferers from the lato fires are olio paid. Tim Coniinittco will close its lu bom s on tho 2lth iiistint,-bo that applications must ho mado preiioui to tb.it time. Hy order ol' the Coinmillee, J. A. MARSDEN, Socrotttry. Melbourne, 3rd Mareil, 1851. NO I ICE. A. SUTHERLAND BEGS to inform (mi tics who ure building that ho has on sale a large supply of iritidoiv sashos 8x10, 10x12, 10x14, 12x16, 12tl8,likc wise casement and other sizes fit foi small houses in the country, doors both pannol and ledge. 1,000 deals llx3yclionr, 700 7x3 yellow battens, COO 7x2.1 ditto ditto, 20,000 feet of very fino Cowrie pine in log plank and hoards, 10,000 feet l)x7in prepared deal flooring, Various other articles in tlio building line. Yard Flinders-sire't, No. 21, 3 doors tvest from Swnnston-stroct, March 3rd, 1851. FARMER'S SOCIETY. fTIHE Committeo of tho nhovo Soeiotv, and all *"ú£ who are interested in its proceedings, aro requested to meet at tho "Robert Burns Hotel," wwkle-strcet, on Saturday, tho 22nd instaitt, «t noon precisely. ROBERT MCDOUGALL, " , Secretary, . March 12,1851. .BOARD AND LODGING. A FEW Gontleinon can ho accommodated with board and lodging in a family where H»w aro no children. Apply nt tho Argus Office. A CARD. VICTORIA HIGH SCHOOL, OOIiIilNS-STItuRT, HAST. A CARD. MR. W. PIETZKER, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC IN removing to the country begs leave to thank his friends and the public, for the kind pat- ronage they have bestowed upon him, and to in- timate, that he continues to give lessons on the piano, the violin, and in singing in town and country, including St. Kilda and Brighton. Pianos tuned upon the best principle. For terms apply to Mr T. Hunter, Bookseller, Elizabeth-street, where all orders and messages are to be left. TO PRACTICAL GARDENERS. , WHE Undersigned is ready to treat with mi ?L industrious Gardener, with a small capital, Miwun oightcon aoros of rich soil on tho hanks liii V"TT**'»'. tho grounds to ho laid out »mi p iinteil as an orchard, vinery and nursery wording to plan. Apply early-to DAVID YOUNG, " , ' Collingwoui', Msroli 12, 1861. . ' AUSTRALASIAN LEAGUE. niAUE Victoria 'Council of tho League, having JL determined to send a Delegate to Great Britain, to pi omoto the objects ol' the League, gontlomon possessed of the requis to Colonisl experience', general ability, and ollietnl mu'. diplomatic training, disposed to uccopt tho olliee, aro requested to notify their intention to tho undersigned, cn or befbro tho 20th of March instant. A liberal Salary will bo given. Applications to bo addressed, sealed, "To the Council of tlio Victoria Branch of the Australa- sian League. " Application for office of Delegate to Groat. Britain." Under cover, to me, ROBERT H. M'FARLAND. Solicitor, Clerk and Collector Melbourne, ' 92, Little Collins.street AVest, 11 til March, 1831. NEW TOWNSHIP OF I, I T- T I E EL T II A M ?Adjoining tho Government Township ol'Eltham on tho A'aiTii River ITiilf-acre-Allotments for Hnlo in the above Township, at ¡lös. euch. Title-A Grant from the Crown to the Vendor. nnilE advertiser fools persuaded that to re .1L commend tho above property he need only state the three following undeiiiablo facts : First,-Tho Diamond Creek, which yields a never failing snnplv of tho purest water, runs through tho whole length of tlio township. Second.-The boundary of tho Government township resorvo was fixed years buck, when Melbourne itself was not expected to rise beyond a mero village, and winn the valuable building ground at Collingwood was sold in allotments containing about tvv entv,-seven acres each. Tftird-Immediately beyond tho Governmen, township, the buri!: of tho Tarra is FO steep tha water could with difficulty be obtained from thct river, malting it certain that the town will oxtond itself in the direction ol' the creek. The distance fiom Melbourne is about eleven miles in a straight line, and between 13 and 14 miles by road. Attention is particularly directed to tho fol- lowing, being tho second article in tlio condition of sale-" That, to socoro to tho purchaser unin- terrupted possession without the c\penee of a deed, mi attested copy on puehment of the Crown's Grant, with the Arenilors Recoqit for tlio purchase money oii tho same sheet, will be given to each purchaser without charge" A jvlan is now on view, nnd tho lots can be chosen ut oncoT Application to bo muelo to J. M. HOLLOWAY, " Red Boot," Swanston-su eet, Opposite tho Shepherd's Arirs. N.B.- Apian ot tlio property will bo given to each purchaser. W. POWELL, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL IRONMONGER, , Wishes lo apprise the Public that he has re- moved to those spacious Premises lately erected, Corner of Collins and Swanston streets, are now opened. riAlIEpresont Stock, (most ol' which bus been -L recently impoi ted) consists of Ironmongery, Brushwaiv, mid American Guoils, and for the in- formation ot tboso vv bo require articles ol' that description, tho lolloniug List is submitted: Painted tubs in nests Do buckets Flour tubs nilli covers Chairs, in cases ol' 1 dozen Clocks in cases of 5 each Patent nails of all sizes , Clnsp do assorted Flooring brads Shingle nails Clout do Uoise-shoe do AVrought and cut brads assorted AVruiiglit, cut, and tin'd tucka Patent wood screws assorted < S.ish weights 5J to 91bs Patent sash eoril Sash fastenings Roller blind ends Ruck piilltes Rim locks, carpen tera' patent Rim locks improvetl '_ JDo assorted Draw back do Manila rope do Europe do do Halters and clothes linos Fishing and log do .> Tnri'il nuil llumbro' do Chalk do Weighing machines,3 io 5 cut Counter scales Saltéis patent balance, hooks and scales English anil colonial giindstoiies Chest mid cupboard locks Brass, till and bo\ do Bruis mid iron padlocks Brass butts, 1 ¿ to 1 inch Cast do, li to 4 elo T hinges, j ipnmied Do Golel mid Moore's ¡latent Do Scotch Hook and oyo hinges Hasps and staples Sluto nails ! - * Coopers rivets Brass anti ii on nxlo pullios Tenter and brass hooks - l Tower bolts and buriel do Gimblcts und brad uwls Lath. Kent, anti Scotch hammorfl Firmor ohisels Socket chisels Gouges Mortice ohisels ] . Hand and pit saw files > < Do suwsets Bedscrews and bed boys . Trowels assorted , . Axes, felling and broad Adzes, assorted Spades and shovels Rakes and boes Hand and tenon saws Cross cut do Frnmo do Iron wire, assorted Ovul boilors, 2i to IO gallons Camp ovens, 13 to 16 inch . " Iron pots, assorted Snuoepans do Fry ing pans do Gridirons do . Kottles do Boee scrapers Fenders and irons do - Tea trays and waiters Block tin dish covers Ten and coll'eo potB Albata pluto tea spoons Do desert and tablo Do forks Do mustard nnd salt spoons Kui von and forks ivory llanillo Do buck do Do bhiok mid white do Stag bandlo guard carvers Pocket, pen, and pruning knives Floitns Scissors Toa ki lohen Gluo pots Ohio and glass papor Door mnts 1 cast ¡rou chest, pntont lock 1 fire-proof do, Chubb's do Dog chains Norfolk und squaro hitches Gunpowder and gun caps Hair brooms and handles Shoo hrushos in sots Whitowiishdo Scrubbing ilo Hair elo dews'harps Buttons, brass und iron Toloscopcs Perspective glasses Tinder boxos Pookot and rack combs Chair webbing And a large assortment of other goods, N.B. -Tho houso and shop, No.' ;37, Swanston, stroft, to lot, immediato possession can bo given, FOR SALE: Tho Tarwin Station, yvith 7.*0 Hoad of Cuttle, mid 1800 Sheep. DALMAIIOY CAMPBELL & CO. "Are instructed to sell hy privuto Contract, THE Station known as Tarwin, (estimated to carrv from 170(1 to 1800 Ihi.ul ol Cuttle^ a "?renter "portion of which is well adapted fur Sheep), tog-tb-r with 750 Head Cattle, viz., 300 Cow'.«, nearly all hjMied, and 200 Bullocks, 2". years old muí upward.', 2f>0 Steers nnd lloitVrs f'year and above, 1800 Sheep, Ewes and Wetlici s. A Dray, Tenm ol' Working Bullocks, four stock horses, fanning utensils, pigs, hurdles. 2 largo iron pots, KO gillons each, 2 acres potatoes, &c;, gil on in. Further particulars can be ascertained on application at the offices of \- DALMAHOY CAMPBELL & CO., Coll ins-street. FOR SALE BY PR TVA TE CONTRACT. A most magnificent subiiibun allotment of Land abutting on tho Yarra, and in close proximity to tho truly picturesque property of John Orr and D. S. Campbell, Esqrs. FRANCIS AND COHEN . ARE insliiieted by the proprietor to offer for . sale by private contract, iii« follow ¡ng dioica suburban liebig allotment "Q of tho 'suburban hinds, described in the deed rs follows All that piece orpirccl of Land containing 27 acres, situate in the County of Bourke and Parish of JiU.Jika,.being portion 70, and bounded on the south by pot lion No G5, containing I* acre*, bearing west 10 chains and 50 links, on the nest by portion T»o 75 containing 27 acres hearing um th 14 chains, on tifo north by a rond one chain yvide, yvhieh sep traten it from port of por- tion No 78, heating cast 19 chains and 50 links, and on ihn cast hy n road of one chain wide yvhieh separates it from portion No 77, containing 23 acres bearing south 14 chains, being tho land sold as lot 32 in pursii nice 'if the advcrtiseinont of 7th November, 1S3S. Further particulars nnd toi ms of payment may bo ascertained on application lo the auctioneers, nt their mart, Collitis-slreot. For Sale at the Stores of the undersigned, INVOICES of Ladies' and Gentlomons' Boots and Shoes, from tho llouso of Hollian & Co. London.' GILI,, FOWLER & CO. Bunk Place. MR. WILKIE BEGS to announce that tho GRAND CONCERT in aid of tho Funds, for the relief of Ino Millet ers bv tho late Hush Fires, will take place in the QUEEN'S THEATRE, On FRIDAY, MARCII 1 4TH, 1851. Lender of the Band .Mr Rmm, PROGRAMME. PAKT T. Overture-" L' Italian in Algiei i," Bund... ., Rossini. Solo and Chorus-" The Gypsies' Tent".. Messrs Kaw oran, I lcniy, Wheeler, White, Ac. ......'. Cooke. Song-" Tubal Cain".. "Mr'Heiny Russell. Violin Solo.. Mons. Hue, with Pianoforte accompaniment . . . Mr Hemy . . . De Beriot. Solos and Chornsses-I orb's cele- brated Music in ¡Macbeth, got up expressly for this occasion un- der the direction of Mr Henry. "Speak, Sister Speak;" "Ho will, ho will ;' "Wo should re- joice :" " \\\ hen cuttle dio ;" " Let's havo a danoo ;"' " At tim » Night Raven's dismal voice ;" "Echo Chorus ¡" '. My little Spirit;" ''Come aw.ty ;" '-Now I go;" "Wo Hy liy niaht." "Black Sji its 'and' white';" "Round, around about," Ac. PART 11. Baud-" Birthday Quadrilles." .. II. V. Horny Qu irtelle-" A to U Cuni ( II Pu ritiini)-Mrs Te s Mr, Messrs Kjt wcruii, llemy mid Winder Scona-"Mun' tho Life 13o.it," Mr Unny.. .. . Russell Scona-"Ah, Non Uiuiige," (La Somnámbula)-Mi<> Testar, .. Bellini Pianoforte Solo-" Norm.t" - Mr Henry. ?. .. Bellini Song-" Tho Flèy ¡ng Dutthmiin" - Mr Wheeler ' . ... Parry , Ballad-"I ihcnmt that I dwelt" (bydesiro)-MisTeslnr. Balfe .Solo and Chorus " Roderick Vicli Alpine,"- Messrs Kau« au, llemy, Wheeler, Gouge, Shear croft, White, Nicholas, &e.; KoT C-'onccil to commenro at Eight o'clock. Tickets-Boxes .">s ; Pitt .'!.-, ; Cillery 2s. To bollad of.Mr Roed, mid all Iii" principal Sta- tioners; and of Vr Wilkie, ultim Pianoforte und Music Saloon, l.">, Collins street. PUBLIC ??? EU f IN G. To His Worship William Nicholson, J2sq., Muynr of Melbourne. T7STE request Hint your Worship will convene YT a Public Meeting of tbo Colonists,on nu early occasion, prior to tho departure of the Steamer for Sydney, «iib flin view ol' 'Jitarning an expression of public opinion*on tho very im- portant subject of tho division ol' tho Colony into Electoral Districts, tim number of Elective'Mem- bers thereof, nnd tho apportionment of the ropic tentation. HENRY MOOR,' M.C. IV. WESTGARTH. M.C. Dated this 12th day of March, 1851. GENTLEMEN, _ I hereby cull a Public Meeting of tho Colo- nists, to tako placo at the Mechanics' Institution, on Wednesday next, tho 10th March, nt thrco o'olock, p in., precisely, fur the purposes named in the above requisition. I am, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, WILLIAM NICHOLSON, Mayor. To Henry Moor, Esq., M.L.C, mid William Westgarth, Esq., M.L C. N. B.-A preliminary Meeting will .bo held at the Binns place, on Friday, )4th instant, st threo o'clock p.m., precisely. TO THE WOKSHIITHL THE MAYOR OF MELUOURNK. SIR,-Wo the undersigned inhabitants of the Province of Port Phillip, request that yon will call a public general moating ot tho colonists for the tivol'old pin poso of deliberating ns to the steps necessjry to bo tnl.cn for securing a fair and proper distribution ol' tho representation in tho Logislalivo Council of tho Colony of Vic- toria, and pray ¡ding for the niiiinlcimiicn of purity of election by means of tho protection of the Ballot: George Annand William Clarke William M- Bell James Boll Wm Kerr Robert Mathewson Tlionilis i"'Comble John Stevenson John Pullar James N Main R K Gregory Hugh M'Lean Samuel Gregory John Niven John Dinwoodie Thomas Mount James S Richardson John Loder Hird W H Disher F M'Donnell Edward Sayes. , R P Mervin James Brown John Hood James Hearn ' Robert Kerr Nathaniel Dismore John Rankin James Murray Thomas Davis J S Johnston Melbourne, March 12th, 1851, C'nNTMiMI'.V, I hereby call a Publie Mooting of tho Citizens, to tallo placo at tho Mechanics' Instituto, on Frid»y, the 2!st .Unroh, at ono o'clock pre- cisely, for the purposes named in tho ubovo re- quisition, I um, Gontlûinoiy Your obedient Servant, WILLIAM NICHOLSON, Mayor To tim Gontloinen signing tho (above requisition. SALES BY AUCTION. FRIDAY, 14th MARCH. MELBOURNE RACE COURSE. .}. R KICK Will put up to auction, at the Horse Bazaar TO.MORROW, Uth INaTANT, At one o'clock, THE grazing ol'the e'elbourno Race Course, from tho 1st April. 1851, to 1st March. IS52, subject to pertain conditions winch may bo ascertained on application to JAMES HENDERSON, Sec anel Treasurer. FRIDAY, 14th MARCH. P. DAVIS AVill sell by auction, at tho City Marti ON MONDAY, 14 th INST, ITU IF. Ptook-in-Trade of nu Ironmonger, who L is retiring from business, consisting of Cutlety, Hollovvnro, Locks," files, hinges Iii tighes, e>. , -_ - And a gtcat variety of useful iron- mongery. Terms nt Fnlo. FRIDAY, 14TH MA Hell. To Wine and Beer Mei'chants and Others. FRANCIS & COHEN Will sell by auction, at their Mart, Collins street, TO-MORROW, 14TII INSTANT, At 11 o'clock precisely, Si®© GRCORK! :BEEU 250 do wine do, In lots to suit purchasers, and without re servo. Tenus at Sale. FRIDAY, 14th MARCH. LJousclwld Furniture, ide., &r.; FRANCIS AND CÜHKN Will sell by auction, at their Mnrt, Collins street, on FRIDAY, 14th INSTANT, At 11 o'clock, A QUANTITY of Household Furniture and other Effects, the projierty of a gentleman leaving the colony, viz. : Horse hair seated chairs One splendid invalid's ditto Cane bottomed ditto Hull ditto Horse hair sofas Trafalgar chairs Tables - " Sofas Fteneh bedsteads ' ! Withstands ' -, Pictures (e\omplilied in the Lord's prayer) ODO very superior Persian onrpat, bordered, 12 x 4, and centro ono See., &c;, &<¡. Terms at Sale. MONDAY,'17ih MARCH. . To Newly Arrived Immigrants, Spe- culators, and Outers. FRAKCTSTCOIIEN Aro instructed by the proprietor, Mr O'Connor, to sell by auction, on tho Ground; "Colling . wood, .MONDAY NEXT, 17th INSTANT, At Twelve o'clock precisely, A CO ? PORTABLE Six-roomed A'ornndoli rl_ Colt ige, s amlitig ou a frontline of 33 feet to Nanier-street by ii elepth of 120 feet, lenceel in witli ii substantial five foot puileel fence. ALSO, Tiro Allotments of fjand adjoining, (one on each sido of the house), of asimilar frontage and depth. This Cottage is, without exception, ono of tho most comfortable and oonvciiie.it in Colling- wood, quite new, and built for tho proprietor* dwelling, of tho best material, and without re- gari! to expenso'. v The looms uro lofty mid airy, and n hull of thro? feet nido runs light through the house. Attached to the houso is a store room and kitchen, tho latter lepleto willi oven, etc., and eoiujilcto baking mid cooking apparatus, etc. Intending purchasers aro requested to inspect tho prenii.es piovious to pale", and satisfy them- selves that, in tho pun-huso of this property they will bo securing n convenient and respectable re- sidence. IS3" 'Ibis prnpe.ty will bo sold subject to Four Shares in lho v n-lona Building Sooiely, which is rapidly clearing up, and the Terms will bo liberal. WEDNESDAY*, 19TU MARCH, Splendid opportunity for (he purchase of a Suburban site with a Sea Frontage. FRANCIS e^- COHEN, Have much pleasure in announcing the intention of the Propi ietor to submit to public conipo " tition, through their hands, at auction, on WEDNESDAY, lot!. INST., nt ono o'clock precisely, At tho Residenco ol' Thomas Jackson, Esq. St. Killin, ONE ol'tho most beautiful Marino Allotments (sub-divided as ))er pim) that has yet been offered for stile, in tho beautiful und roman- tic village of St, Killin, viz - Lois 1, 2, 8, 4, Four lots having eneh a frontage of 41 feet lo tho Hay, by a noblo elepth of 15G and 100 feet respectively, with a right of way through a street 3 J feet wido. LOTS 5 to 14. Ten lots, having each a from ago to tho aliovo st root, with a Bay frontage) ol' 1Ü0 feet by a depth of 82 feet. B-.&" Invalids from Town, or just arrived from tho mothor country will find in pos- sessing an v of theso very healthy sites an anti» doto lor all their customary "anti sedentary com- plaints. *»* Tho Auctioneer«, in recommending tho above beautiful selection to partie» desirous of holding property in this favoured locality, tleain it ¡input Hunns to make any further common t on its merits. Intending purchasers nre thereforo requested to seo and judgo for themselves prior to sale, tho whole) being mai Iced out as per plan now on viow at the mm t. Title Guaranteed, Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, 19th MARCH. VALUABLE HOUSEHOLD FURN ITU RE, &c.; AT Tin; Residence of Mr Thomas Jackson, St.Kilda, FRANCIS & COIIEN Aro favored with instructions from Mr. Thomns Jaokson (previous to his departure for Europe) to sell by auction at. his residence St. Kilda, WEDNESDAY 19th INSTANT, at eleven o'clock precisely. THE WHOLE Of H[3 HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, and OTHER EFFECTS viz. Huon nine, nnel cedar beeiatoiuls, chests of .drawers, ohetlionoer, tables, hair souted'elmirs, sofas, hair mattresses, pillows, and holsters, bedding, toilet sets, plated ware, crystal and earthoinvare, fowlers and fiic-irons, "onrpotin» and floorcloth, kilchon utensils. ° Splendid Cottage Pianoforte, dray s, harness, »pringcurta, family ejr, splendid huruesi maro, Ao. etc. With a great variety of other useful article's, particulars of which will appear in a entalo'uic, to bo had at tho rooms of tho auctioneers. ° ALSO . Fifty Thousand Bricks, If not previously sold by Private Contract. Ç-3 Rofroshments will bo provided. The Premises to be Let, Terms ni, Sale. "SA'LBH BÏ A U*CTION. WEDNESDAY", Suth MARCH, ISfll 20,000 Sheep and Station on the Glcnclq. The property of Messrs Willis and Swanston. DAL M AHOY CAMPBELL Will sell by auction, in the Long Room of Mack's Hotel, Geelong» on WEDNESDAY 26th MARCH, next, at 12 o'clock", THE portion of tho Glenelg Station, knoivn as Caelnook, having a frontage on the North Bank of tho Glenelg, of fifteen miles. with 20,000 sheep thereon. Tliis Station is well known its one of the best in tho Western District, and is capable of de- pasturing 30,000 sheep. . Tho sheep aro first rate, their wool having averaged in tho London Markets, Is lAd per lb nil rollnd. Tho working horses, G milk cons, 10 working bullocks with dray-, &c;, &c.; gncn in. Terms, i cash 'on fall ot tho hammer, h m 12months, \ in 2t months, and h in 3(5 months benring 10 per cent interest, sfcurecl by tho mimi mortgage in stoo'c and Station. ALSO, At the -amo timo and place, several valuable Lards on the Barrabool Hills Further particulars can be ascertained on application to Messrs Willis and Stvanston, Geelong,'W. M. Boll, or DALMAHOY CAMPBELL. Melbourne, MONDAY, 17th MARCII. , TOWN AND COUNTRY PROPERTY. To Capitalist, Farmers, and OÛiers. JOHN IIUnitEY Ls favored ivith instruction from"' tho Proprietors, to submit to public competition, without the slightest reserve, nt tho Rooms J. 07, Ehzubeth strcet,on ON MONDAY, 17th INST,, at tivelvo o'clock precisely. rriHE following , VALUARLE ESTATES X ' viz : TULËAMARINE 20 acres of Land, near to the Lady of tho Luke, 1 Tun, being portion of section 7 10 acres of ditto, being portion of the same . section., 12 acres of ditto, being portion of section No. 13. ' DOUTTA GALLA, 2 six-acre allotments, being portion of section B,No-ll' WILLIAMS TOWN, 2oi nero of first-rato Land, near to Williams Town, yrith a tiro-roomed stono cottage fccreon, well adapted for fie erection of Marino Residences. EAST BRIGHTON, 8 acres of really good Land, being a lower all lotment. ? ,. MOONEE PONDS, A one ncrce brick-field, with a four-roomed brick built cottage, bettreen Moonee Tonds and Brunswick. IN THE CITY 2 capital building allotments ni Flinders-street each 22 feet by 80, ouo being a corner allot- ment to Stephons.strent, ami opposito the residence ot John Duerdin. Esq. Tho Titles nre till good .'forms liberal, declared at sale. Plans can bo seen, mid full particulars had at flnrrcy and Sim's Land and Stock Agents, 107 Elizabeth-street. FRIDAY, lilli MARCH. PA WNJ3R OK ER' S A (JCTION, AT MR. WIiriTAKER'S, Corner of Queen and Little -Collins-streêt, ,BY C A. ROSS, TO-MORROW, HTII INSTAN r( nt eleven o'clock. ^^^y'^ AUGUST 31 -WATCH September 2-Gold pin and vest 2304\. September 3-Four yards of cloth 2329. H 4-Four articles 2331. 5-Lover watch '¿339. " 5-Coat, vest, troivsers 2383. " 0- do do do 2392 " ' 9-Three sltaivls und ring 2-109. » 11-Coat 2420. 11-Gun 2121. " 12-Coat 2450. " J4-Coat and vest 2513. " l8- do do 2546. ,i 20-Cont,2 troivsers, & vest 2393. 23 2003. » 21-Watoli and gold guard 2020. " 25-'I rotvs rs, boots, tfco. 2ÜS8. " 2G-Coat 2047. " 26-Coat and gun 2GG7, . u 28-Brooch 2782. Octobei 8-Four yards cloth 2812. " 10-Troivsers, vest, & hat 2819. " 10-2 " " 2823. " li-Silver tenpotand watch 2S50. " 14-Vest and troivsers 2801. " 14-Horse hair seating l8-Rundle of cloths 20 IG. " 2930. " 20-Coat, five shirts 29 C9. " 23-Coet, trow'seis 2978. *» 23-Clou!; und ring 298a. 25-( 'oat, vest, and boots 3001. it 20-Coat and troivsers 3 08. 26-Ring 3029. " 28 »041. » 29-Two pair boots 3058. 31-Two pair pistols 3082. November 1-Window curtains 3088. » v 1-Book mid troivsers 312G. " 5-Coat 3163. " 7-Dress and book 3104. » ? *"-Coat, vest, troyvsers 3254. it 14-Watch 3283. IG " 3295. ,, 1G-Two coats' and dresseä 3300. J» l8-Coat 3307. l8 " 3319'. " 19 " boots and troivsers 3332. »i 20 Watoli 3336. 20-Two boxes 3414. " 25-Clarionet 3431. " 27-Watch. 3434. " 27-Coat 3468. " 30-Troivsers, vest, Ac. 3493. Dccembe . -2-Scarf 3506. " 2-Coat 3Ü03. it 9->Watoli 3008. 10-Drehs 3018. i» 11-Coat and troivsers Gun in caso Sextant Teloscopo And a great varioty of otlior articles tob . numerous to insert. FRIDAY, 14th MARCH, Ex " Dockcnhuden," from Hamburgh. W. M. TIÍNNENT & CO. Ilavo recoivod instructions from Messrs West- garth, Ross, and, Co to sell by auction, ut their Booms TO-MORROW 14th INST. at tivelvo o'clock, p rilWEMTY-FlVE baskets best Sparkling X Champa gc, each one dor., Vorgeray 1846 12 ditto ditto ditto each 2 dozon ditto ditto M 12 ditto ditto ditto each 1 dozon Duo do Montohollo, Sillory, 1842 20 cases ditto ditto oaoh 1 dozen . Vorgouay, 1842 CO 12 baskotsditto ditto each 1 dozen Sillery, 1842 40 nasos Claret, 2 dozen ench 50 ditto ditto, I ditto 1 case fanoy baskets ALSO. 170 deals 9 x 3, twelve feet long Terms at snle. * . a AL K S HY AUCTION. Til URSDAY, 13th MARCH. Nine Hogsheads IMloiv-wafc. W. M-. TENNENT & CO. . Have received instructions to sell by'auction, tit their Rooms, THIS DAY, 13th INSTANT, nt twelve o'clock, TINNED KETTLES, Nos. Tto 7 24 mitinned " " 1 to 7 144 tinned goblets, 1 to 12 48 unturned ,» 0 to 12 72 tinned stevvpnns 1 to 12 48 tinned teapots,.. 1 to 2 24 " g1 ne pots," 0 to 4 92 " pots and covers, ¿ to 4 gallons 45 Danish ,, i to 2 " 50 Spitoons, octagon, 1 to 2 20 John Bull inkstands 78 Grates 30 AVlieat mills Terms at Sale F O U.R F A R M S ON T H E PLENTY. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. W. M. TENNENT & CO. Have received instructions from tlio Proprietor to sell by Auction at their rooms, about the first week in April. I710ITR DESIRABLE FARMS on tho River Plenty, containing about 00 Acres each. They adjoin the well-known hind of Conl stoek's anil nie only about twelve miles from Melbourne. There nie two' waterfalls on the property. Further particulars may bo obtained at lho rooms of the Auctioneers. PRELIMINARY NOTICE OF SALE . or LONDON MADE FURNITURE 'NOW LANDING, Ex Succès?. AV. AL TENNENT & CO Have been favoured with instructions from* A. Young, Esq., who is returning to England, to . sell by nuct'on, * Immediately on being Landed, Til E whole of his <. now and elegant HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, (Imported expressly for* his own . use, and all London made.) THE DINING-ROOM FURNITURE CON SIS IS OF Telescope tabio A Sideboard _ J- In mahogany. Chairs in maroon morocco J Carpet and window hangings lo match. DRAWING ROOU. Chniis ") Couche.? . I Loo anil sofa tables ¡> In rosewood Cliefl'onier | Whatnot J Carpets,'cornices, and curtains to match Fenders mid fu o irons Mahogany four-post hcelsteads French bedsteads - Hair mattrassps Feather beds Window and bed hangings ^íahogany wardrobes Wasbst.inds wllh marble tops And fittings complete. The furniture of a nursery mid servants bed rooms Complete set of ' kitchen utonsils. Garden engine and roller. ALSO, 2 Magnificent Pianos. Further particulars willi catalogues and time of sale in futuro nelvcrtiseniont. AVEDNESDAY, 20TH MARCH. . SHEEP. STATION ON THE DELATITE RIVER. ADI%VNTAOI:OUS OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTING IN SHEEP, ON THE MOST Evrncsivr. CREDIT. That well-known Run on the Delatite . River, called the JUNCTION STATION, with about 10,000 SHEEP, And known n's Messrs Lockhart nnd M'Konzie'a Stntion, distant about. 120 miles from Melbourne, nnd subject to a Fourteen Yenis' Lease. ~ W. M. TENNENT & CO. Hnvo been favoured with instructions to submit lo publio.pompetition, ut their Rooms Elizabeth Street, Melbourne, on WEDNESDAY, 2Gth INSTANT, nt ono o'clock, (In conseqtiotico of tho death ol' one partner, mid the intended departure of tho other for Eng- land,) riAIIE ubovo well known, highly improved, and J. truly valmiblo sheep Run, s'tmito on tho Delatite River, is about 120 miles from A'el bourne, and subject to a fourteen years' lease. THE HOMESTEAD Consists of a neat five roomed cottage, with detached kitchen, stores, overseer's hut, stables, and other ollices, and a garden vvoll stocked with fruit trees in full bearing, &c; , &u.; A cultivation paddock securely fenced, also an excellent Gi-ass Paddock of about Two Hundred Acres, And neljncont fo tho homestead, togother wiih tho most completo improvements of uny station in the colony. THE SHEEP Aro of a most superior brooel, and havo never been diseased. They have boen under the caro of thoroughly experienced managers, have been carefully culled every season, and hnvo had tho best vvoollod rams amongst thom, as a proof of which the clip lins always realised at homo amongst tho highest prices given. THE RUN Is of a sound, healthy description, comprises hill and forest country, and is abundantly grnssod with A never failing supply of water, and cnpublo ol' depastm ing . 15,000 SHEEP. Tho Boundaries aro undisputed. Eight Working Bullocks, one Horso, 'Bullock Dray, BOIVB, and Yokes, . AV1LL niî'OIVEM IN. Thero aro on the Station from twenty to thirty head of WELL-BRED CATTLE, which, with the stores and utensils must be taken at a valuation, mid paid for In oash. THE SEA'ES AND AGES Of tho shoop may bo lonrut, tis well ns any furtlior particulars, on application at the rooms of tho auctioneers, or to Donald M'Koniie, Esq" at tho station. < TUMIS : - Olio-third, cash ; ono-third pnyiibloon tho 1st December, 1851 j and ono-third payiiblo on the 1st of December, 1852 - bearing ten per coot, iutorest, mid secured on tho ¡Stock mid Station. r_35" Tho Auctioneers in advertising this most desirable property, bog to assure those parties desirous of investing in stock and station, that the present is a bona fide snle, and earnestly re- quest intending purchaser« to inspoct "both Shoop and Run previous to the" day of sale, feol mg confident that from its contiguity to the prin- cipal shipping pott of tho colony, tho quality of tho Sheep, and tho oxcolloiioy of tho run, moro favourablo opportunity for investment over buen offered to tho public. SA'LEB Bl" "AU CTION. SATURDAY, 15TH MARCH. THE TRI 5~S ÏATION ON TUB CAMPASPIE RIVER, FIFTY MILES FROM MELBOURNE. tBEAR & SON Havo been instructed by the proprietor« to submit to' public competition, ut their Rooms, Queen-street, ow SATURDAY, 15th INST.,. At one o'clock, THE "TRIO STATION, an opon fattening Sheep Run, estimated to depasture fj,0t>0, with 6,606 Sheep of th« following sexes and (irres í 1°'503 Wethers two, four, and'six toothed 2/Í98 Fattenii-g Ewes, half of w Mell aro fit for marke t 2,805 Weaners, of both sexes. _ . 0,606 Free from nil disease. Cs5~ To parties desirous of investing in_ a Shoe]) Station, situated in the most favourite dis- trict ol' tho colony, or to squatters in the dry country on tho ' look-out, for a well watered .station yvitliin a convenient distance of town, this opportunity .should not bo lost sight of. THl'tS* OF BAU: :- " Ono third cash, und the balance at nine and eighteen months, secured on tho station and | stock, and bearing ten per c3tit interest. For letters to inspect, apply at tho room* of the auctioneers. GEELONG. THE P1TNÏY ESTATE, . Comprising the whole of Allotment No 34, Pavish Moorpanyal, and most delightfully situated on COWIE'S CREEK, THIS BEAUTIFUL ESTATE Contains Thirty-five Acres of the richest \ Land near Geelong, In ono of the most healthy situations, fron ing the Creek, and oxtoriding along Government ronds to a distance oft» Fort!,-three Chains* \- II, FAWCETT Has been favored with instructions from the pro- prietor, Mr Charles Vigar) to submit to publie competition» ON MONDAY, 24th MAKCH. THE entiro ol' the Fitney Estate, situate on Cowie's Creek, about 3i Milos from Geelong, with one of the best roads in the district the «hole way. This really valuable Estate will be so.subdi- vided that parties of limited means may be ena- bled lo securo a portion. The view from this spot of the Day, and surrounding country is equal td any in that lo- cality. Tfiero can be no doubt but that the immediate neighbourhood trill ever continue one of the most respectable-immediately- adjoining the Pituey Kstnto on the eastern boundary, we have the extensivo mid lovely estate of J. tí. Moo millan, lisq., J. P. and on the northern bank of the creek an extensive government reserve-on tho western boundary tho beautiful property of -Ewen, Krq., anil another government re- serve, upon yvhieh there is ivnter in the dryest season, and adjoining this reserve, «re find tho large dairy farm of McssrsTtfacmillan and Wil- son, mid further on still, the property of J. Riddle, Esq., J. and P. Manifold, Esas., N. M'Lean, Esq-while on tho Bay side of Pitney, are found tho properly of James Austin, Esq., H. Tolson, Esq-, and of the recently formed township of Roseneath, and on Goolong side tho estate of Dr M'Whirter, and lltb farm of Messrs Bingley. -These particulars aro given to show the im- portance of the locality, and respectability of holdeiB of Ho neighbouring lands. Is3" The terms will be liberal. The plan of the property is now on view at the Mart. A Luncheon will be provided. \- ? GEELONG. . TO MERCHANTS, HOTEL KEEPERS, MONDAY, MARCH 31st, 1851. SA LE D Y AUCTION Of those extensivo premise« situnto -in Oorio strect, a t'en- yards yvest of Moorabool-sireet, known as THE "R I'D LION INN", And formerly occupied as THE BANK OF AUSTRALASIA, Portion of North Geelong, Town Allotment No 17, Block No 36. Title-A Grant from the Crow*., to tlio Vendor. Terms-One-fourth o.ish ¡ balance at 6, 12, 19, and 24 months, , Each Bill to bear interest ut the rate of IO per cent per annum. . R, FAWCETT lins been favoured with instructions from the proprietor, Robert Robinson, Esq. to cause to be sold by publio auction, at the Publia Land Oilioe, Moorabool-street, (near the wharf',) Geelong, on MONDAY, 31st INSTANT, at one. o'clock ALL those yvelî'kiioyvn and substantially built Two Storied Stone Premises situated in Corio-street, west, formerly used by the Bank of Australasia, but now THE RED LION INN, kept by Mr Putriok Keelo, The building con . sists of 1 Commodious Bar 2 Bedrooms off bar 2 -Parlours 1 Large Droiving-room 1 Do Bedroom 3 Smaller do do with ettio story, floored, having end windows, stabling for six burses, and other convenience*. The Land to bo sold with tho Premises has ft frontage of C6 feet on Corio-street, with a depth of 105 feet along a Government line 33 net yv.'de. Tho Building stands erected on the corner of the Allotment, leaving a space of 44 feet on Corio-street iinoceiipieiT. Merchants in Melbourne or Sydney desirous of establishing a branch of their business in The Commercial Capital of Victoria, this salo presonts to you a rare opportunity of at once securing business premises in a FIRST-RATE SITUATION, hoing near the Wharf, and ndjaoent to th« »tore« of Messrs Dalgety, Gore, and Co. ¡ Jackson, Ruo, and Co. ¡ the Bonded Store ; J. F. Strachan and Co. ; " ? ilh'om Timms, Esq. anti other lead- ing houses. HOTEL KEEPERS would do well to observe that the premises have been licensed for the past three years, and aro still oocuniod as an Inn, doing a respectable and thriving business* Tho Louso of the presentoccupant (Mr Patrick Hodo) will expiro on the 27th July, 1851. The premises aro insured until Mardi, 1859, and are now-yielding a ron tal of £130 per annum. A fact worth tho notico of parties desirous ofin vcstiiig.pvofitahly ami seoiuoly. This really valuable property is (ns above shown) free from all the intrioaoios of bad or doubtful, titles, tho Vendor being the Crown pur- chaser. Any further particulars, with cards to inspect, can bo obtained on application to the agent. "". ».FAWCETT. Pubho Land Office, Moorabool -street, Near tho Wharf, Goolong. > 