LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. BY the arrival of the John Souchay, from the Mauritius, news has been received to the 24th October from England. We have been favoured by Mr. Francis, of the firm of Messrs. McPherson and Francis, with the Home News of the 7th and 24th October. The Californian papers also contain eMtauts to the 16th of that month. Sir G. Anderson had arrived at Ceylon Sugars had risen fully Is. 6d Sir William. Lady Gomm and suite had united at Ceylon-The Queen of the Belgians had breathed her last The Schleswig Holstein affair had not terminated, and occupied much attention. In the latter subject the Times speaks as follows.-. " the Cabinet, which would not otherwise have assembled till the fit li of next month, met yesterday, at a very short notice, cm a question of considerable urgency The disgraceful conduct of Prussia in help- ing to protract the Schleswig-Holstein war, not only in spite of a treaty of peace with Denmark, but actually under cover of the treaty, and by means of it, has led to a very natural we might almost say legitimate consequence. the Governments of Russia and of France have jointly proposed to the Government of this country, that the three Powers shall peremptorily require Prussia to fulfil her recent engagement at iii Denmark, and withdraw the support she still continues to give to the Schleswig-Holstein army, in the event of Prussia hesitating to comply with this reasonable demand, Russia and France are prepared to buck it, not be) an unprofitable march to the territory. butumlerm vasion of the Silesian provinces of I'rtissmoutheonesidc, and the Rhenish on the other. In the first instance, however, they require the co-operation of England in the remonstrance with Prussia, without which they are not prepared to move at present. the answer of the British Government may perhaps be anticipated. It declines to join with Russia and France in such a note as we have described, has proposes that all three Powers shall separately remonstrate with Prussia on her present breach of faith with him Danish Government. Whether their triple remonstrances will he of more avail than all the rest of the diplomacy that has been 1 wished in this affair is a question on which we will not venture to give an opinion Weinten new English cardinal Dr Wiseman, so well known by his polemic of writings who is the first of a new batch of fourteen Since the death of Cardin in Weld we believe that Finland had no represent active in the sacred college W cid was once named for the Papacy, and it is quite possible that Wiseman may obtain it The feeling is very gender is that by good policy England may once more be won over to Rome II at the time no other European complications prevent it, the college may think that the elevation of its Englishman to the chair of St Peter would greatly facilitate a consummation uppermost in the breast of every true Catholic hey look at our commerce our colonies and our missions and think th a Catholicising England is it very near approach to Cut in basing the world In the meanwhile Cardinal U isem in has been nominated by the Pope Archbishop of Westminster, and is shortly evi ected amongst us While the crime of the country is unsatisfactory their side of the country is singularly press crops The Gazette of Tuesday contained but the name of a single bankrupt Of matters armed lately connected with India we have not much to report the appointment of Sir John Gr y to the chief command of the Bombay crime is no A pi iced within the category of that duties 11 c Matins command as we have before said is likely soon to become Vic till The nomination of Sir Joseph Iliad well has been speed acted upon but nothing certain has been yet announced the Hong Kong command is sad to be going a begging " Not so the Lieutenant Governorship of Addiscombe The unexpected death of Sir LJ Brain bacillus li is thrown open one of the most coveted home app ointments or on to the retired officers of the Company's army Sever it can- did-ins have already presented themselves but everything is ter) ulled tun regarding the succession the publication of the official correspondence regarding the Ore taking off of the negociations for the est thy shining of steam communication with Australia in his raised considerable discussion the general result being undeniably favourable to the India House. Accounts from the south of Ireland state that the weather is more summer like th in autumnal and farmers were busily engaged in sowing seed and getting out the pot to crop the submarine telegraph between France and England has been repaired, and a new coil of win has been prepared for it, strong enough, it is hoped, to secure the future communication The company who have safely accomplished this work have secured it patent for the first ten years for the exclusive use of the international communication A proposition has been made to the Lords of the Admiralty for a subaqueous telegraph between the shores of England and Ireland, and the negotiations are pending, with a good prospect of a speedy and happy result. The revenue of Great Britain during the three quarters ending to 10th October showed an increase of 646 475 The cholera was raging in Cuba, and was attended with considerable mortality in Guiana every persuasion was made to keep the nine expired Coolie immigrants in that colony. The main topics of conversation at present are two one a very unpleasant the other a very agreeable one The first, namely the frequent occurrence of serious robberies and some murders connected us it is must closely with Poor Law urr ingenie rats and Police regulations against the marauders that point about the country under the pretence of seeking employment, has really grown into a m litter of very serious imp out once and will occupy much attention as indeed it does at present in Essex the Poor Law authorities have employed the police as relieving officers for this class, and they have consequently diminished from £4 OUt) in 9000 in six months I had this, of course, is not a complete, perhaps a hard mode of treatment The other current topic is the Exhibition of lead, which proceeds with increased vigour General flatness who has been appointed to the command in Austria had suspended all the members of the Upi cr Military Court. The British Parliament was again prorogued by commission on the 10th Octoheruutil the 14th November There was exhibited on the 10th October, at Lloyds, in the underwriters runs a piece of gold, III the raw suite, weighing nearly 27 lbs for which the owner had been bid 4.750 It was obtained by his two sons in California The Panama railroad is progressing most favourably. Unless some disaster occurs it is expected that the route In in Nat Buy to CrVJces will he in running Older by June 1851 1 no miles of the iron have been laid and the grading of a large portion well advanced Her Majesty had returned from Scotland, and the Court is at Osborne the adoption of our new Nungil son Laws, or of the spirit of them by the Dutch, is hailed with much sites (action by the Free traders and by the commercial world at large Two pacers have arrived in Scotland from Sir John Ross but iiiiloriuinitely without any indication of time or place of starting The news from France is not satisfactory The time of those who hold the reins of Government seems sadly frittered away in personal altercations and their settlement or explanation, and the public business must there he a serious loser The Committee of the Assembly has been engaged in one of these unfortunate squabbles with the President, who is accused of having bribed the soldiers by the its of wine and sausages The President is supported by his Minister of War, who finds fault with General Ch organiser for his expostulations upon the subject. The committee takes the part of the General against the Munster, who is convicted, it would seem, of some flippancy in the matter, and treated with considerable severity by the committee. The great railway from St. Petersburg to Moscow, upon which immense numbers of workmen are employed at different points has advanced so rapidly that it is expected that the whole line will be opened during the ensuing year An electro magnetic communication on this line, and an other from St Petersburg to W ursaw, are in progress of construction One of the accomplices in the murder at 1 rim he) had turned a prover mi I I come I the others Lugh nil has demanded sitisf action of Greece for del lying vessels that had not c implied with the form lil- lies of the port of the 1 me is in Baden the state of war is prolonged by a proclamation of the 17th of October Ide abduction of a young English girl, daughter of a protestant clergyman resident at Bologne, by the tone de Forestier, abetted by a Baron his friend, and the acquittal of the Comte whose guilt was admitted, that caused on unfortunate feeling there against the morality of our neighbours. In the obituary we notice the death of Lord Stanley, of Alderley; the Countess of Landsborough, and the Right Hon Sir W. H. Fremantle, G.C.U., Deputy Ranger of Windsor Great Park. The Oxford University Commission met on the 21st in Downing-street. Further news of Sir John Franklin was confidently expected. 'The Rev G Thackeray, DD, F.L S , Provost of King's College, was dead. The Britannia Bridge had been publicly opened. A letter on the Royal Military Academy appears in the Times, in which the author vindicates the position of his brother Capt. F. Eardley-Wilmot, H.A. The Cesarewitch was won by Air. Payne's Glauca, beating Essednrius and Landgrave. There is to be a new Bishop of Southwark, with a seat in rotation In the House of Lords. Tallow -The market is quiet at 38s 9d on the spot, and 38s for the year; 38s 9d If the quotation for January and March. Wool Most of the late arrivals of foreign and colonial wool are held over for public sale on the 23rd instant, and as there is very little to ofFer by private rule, there is consequently very little business to report. Money Market, 23rd October The English Funds have been rather heavy to-day. Consols for money opened at the closing quotation of yesterday, namely-. at 276 to 2, but the market being again well supplied with stock they receded to 97. and led off at 97. For the 12th of November the last price is 97 to jj Home News. 24th November, 