COLONIAL WHALERS AT SEA. ( With their last Reports.) Caernarvon, barque, 222 tons, Sullivan, hence . 6th February, 185 i. In Moreton Bay, on the 16th December, 1850, with 540 barrels sperm oil. R. Towns, owner. Lady Blackwood, barque, 364 tons, Butler, nonce ibi April, ioov ] spween on tne y'n February, 1851. by the Nelson, with 280 barrels sperm oil. R. Towns, owner. Proteus, barque,. 254 tons, Elliott, hence the 19th May, 1850. J. N. PBlmer and Captain Eiliotr, owners. Spoken by the Jane, on the 26 th October, with 150 barrels sperm oil. Pocklington, barque, 204 tons, Bolger, hence 2nd April, 1850. Captain and others, owners. Daniel 'Watson, brig, 163 tons, Phelps. hence the 23rd May, 1850. T. Watson, owner; spoken by the Australian, on the 18th De cember, with 70 barrels sperm. Jane, barque, 221 tons, Fowler, hence the 8th August, 1860 ; at Lord Howe's Island, in February, with 200 barrels sperm oil. Cap tain and others, owners. Arabian, barque, 278 tons, Cutbert, hence the 8th October, 1850. Captain Collins, owner. Spoken by the Australian, on the 12th January, with 30 barrels sperm oil. Governor, brig, 147 tons, Hathaway, R. Towns owner; hence the 3rd December, 1850. Clarkstone, barque, 244 tons, Field ; hence the 13th December, 1850. A. Fotheringham, owner. Woodlark» barque, 245 tons, Sargeant ; Flower, Salting, and Co., agents ; hence the 15th Janu«rv. 1S51. Solomon Saltus, barque, 306 tons, M'Kinsky ; hence the 11th January, 1860, R. Towns, owner. Edward, schooner, 87 tone, Truscott, hence the 24th JAebruary, 1651. Rhone, barque, 522 tone, Dennis, hence 1st March, 1851. R. Towns, owner. ? IMPORTANT TO MARITIME INTERESTS. — THE Seamen of the Mary Catherine.— A case of some importance to the shipping interests of this port, was on Tuesday brought before Cap - tain Browne, at the Water Police Office. The seamen of the Mary Catherine, signed articles in London, in August last, for a two years' voyage, under Captain J. J. Warner; upon arriving in Sydney, Captain Warner, for cer tain reasons, seceded from the command of the vessel, and the owner, Mr. Henry Nathan, appointed Captain Fox as his successor. Upon this the seamen struck, and demanded the wages already due to them, on the ground that the articles were vitiated by the change of masters. To bring the matter to issue, Cap tain Browne granted a summons to one of the men (James Hayes), 'who claimed £8 5s , and the case was argued yesterday before him, by Mr. G. R. Nichols, on the part of the seamen ; and Mr. Robert Johnson, on the part of the owner. The ship's articles having been read, and Mr Johnson having admitted that a change of masters had taken place ^n the port of Sydney; and Mr. Nichols h^vinsr admitted, on the other side, that the Mary Catherine was still pursuing the original voyage named in the articles, Captain Browne said that he would hear the arguments of the learned advocates. Mr. Nichols said, that the seamen were entitled to their wages for the seven months they had already served, in consequence of the vitiation of their contract by the substitution, in this port, of another master in the place of Captain Warner, under whom they had signed articles in London. That they were fully justified in leaving the vessel, and demanding their wages, he, Mr. Nichols, contended, and. he believed that the only authority which his friend, Mr. Johnson, would be able to cite against this position was an American one, to which a mere note made reference in Pritchard's Admiralty Digest That note was to the following effect : — ' A change of masters does not justify the seamen in leaving the vessel after they have signed articles to proceed on a definite voyage ; for, ' although the contract is made with the master, yet it is chiefly on the credit of the vessel that they depend for their ''ages.' {Bray etal.,v. the ship Ata'anta, B .e's, American, Rep. 48.) Now he, Mr. N., contended, that whatever might be the date of this American Report, of which the Court had no means of judging, it must have been before the passing of the English Merchant Seamen's Act of 1844, (7 and 8 Vic. c. 112.) That statute, which has been designated ' The Sea man's Charter,' was, in effect, an invasion of the general maritime law, and was framed, avowedly, to afford seamen all due encourage ment and protection. Under the provisions of that Act, therefore, were the claims and rights of seamen to be considered, rather than by a decision of no authority in an American court. Under the English Act, Justices were enabled to decide according to equity and good conscience, and in accordance with the excel lent objects of the legislature, extend protection to seamen under circumstances like the present. What was the object in providing that the agreement was to be first signed by the master ? Why, to let the men know who it was they were to serve under. The master might be a kind hearted man, under whom they had sailed before,— in whom they had every con fidence, and with whom they were willing to undertake a voyage of some years' duration. But was it to be allowed, that at the first port at which they touched, the master, at the caprice of the owner, was to be superseded by, perhaps, a tyrant, or an unskilful seaman, with whom their comforts would be interfered, or their lives placed in jeopardy. Then, again, the nature of the voyage was to be ** at the j discretion of the master.' What master? Why ] the master under whom the seamen had signed ?and in whose discretion they had every ; confidence. In conclusion, Mr. Nichols urged, that inasmuch as the 1 6th section of the Mer chant Seamens' Act prevented seamen from I suing in the Court, or Vice Court, of Admi ralty, or any Court of Record in her Majesty's dominions, when the wages sought to be re covered did not exceed twenty pounds, it was but justice to his clients to order the payment of the seven months' wages now due, and if the owner disapproved of the magistrate's de cision, it was easy to obtain a writ of prohibi tion under the recent statute (14 Vic. No. 43), and so, without incurring the fearful expense of proceedings in the Vice Admiralty Court, have the case argued before a Judge in Cham bers. — Mr. R. Johnson said, that important as the question at issue really was, it did not in volve any great difficulty. The question to be decided was this—' Did the change of masters in the port of Sydney vitiate the agree ment made in London ?' He. Mr. Johnson, felt satisfied that it did not. All agreements must be reciprocal, and as it was not pretended for a moment that the master who succeeded Captain Warner could dismiss the seamen who had signed articles under the latter, so, on the other hand, the seamen could not leave the vessel because Captain W. had been superseded. He, Mr. Johnson, hoped that the bearings of this case would be seriously considered by the Bench. In this port, where the wages of sea men were much above the ordinary rates, it was too frequently the practice of seamen, on arriving here, to endeavour by all kinds of excuse to vitiate their agreements. But in this case they had no excuse whatever for their proceedings. The master who had been ap pointed to the Mary Catherine in lieu of Capt. Warner, was neither a tyrant nor an unskilful seaman, but a gentleman well known and highly respected, and the right of the owner to make such a change of masters could not be disputed on any authority to be found in the books. His friend, Mr. Nichols, had rightly conjectured that he, Mr. Johnson, re lied on the American case cited in Bee's Re ports. The American maritime law was framed in accordance with the general maritime law of the world ; and the decisions of the Ameri can courts were frequently quoted with great respect in England, on whose laws, indeed, the whole of the American jurisprudence had been framed. Captain Browne here inquired by what means the new master could con trol the men, seeing that he, himself, had not ' made and entered into the agree ment in writing with the seamen.' in the terms prescribed by the 7 and 8 Vic. c. 112? Mr. Johnson replied, that if the nezo master discharged the men, they would have their remedy in the ordinary law courts for compen- I sation. Mr. Johnson, in conclusion, said, that I great stress had been made in jespect to ' cases j of consequences ; ' and ideal cases of tyranny, lunacy, and incapacity, had been suggested, in order to justify the seamen of the Mary Catherine in leaving their ship ; but, inasmuch as no cases of the kind were before the Bench, inasmuch as the character and capacity of the new master of the Mary Catherine were allowed to be unimpeachable, he, Mr. Johnson, trusted that the Bench would dismiss the case. Captain Browne said, that he could not but regret, that in so important a question as the present, no authority (save a marginal note of the decision of an American Court) had been adduced by the legal advisers of the parties to this suit. In the hope that an arrangement might be suggested whereby so important a question might be argued before one of the Judges of the Supreme Court, he would postpone his judgment until Thursday when, if he decided in favour of the seamen, the owner, by moving for a writ of Prohibition, could have the question argued, at Very little- expense, before a Judge in Chambers, The case was, accordingly, adjourned.— Upon the opening of the Water Police Office on Thurs day morning, Captain Browne said, that he had been favoured by Captain Rudge, of the Tartar, with a report of a case, the Sutlej, which appeared to be one exactly in^oint with that of the Mary ( atherine ; seeing both Mr. Nichols and Mr. Johneon present, he would hand them th?» report, and would give his de cision after hearing any additional argumen s which they might wish to offer. Mr.. Johnson said, that Mr. Beit (of the firm of Beit and Fon) had given him a case very similar to the preseM, wherein he, Mr. B., an owner of a ship, arriving at New Zealand in the course of her voyage, had thought it expedient, at that place, to make a change of masters ; to this change the crew had demurred ; but on appealing to the Police Magistrate at Welling ton, they had be*»n compelled to return to th^ir duty. As this case appeared to have been decided upon the same principle as that of the Sutlej, it was not nerwsary to cite it at length ; and he (Mr, Johnson.) would leave the matter in the hands of the Bench. Mr. Nichols, for the Ren men, contended that the case of the SutVj wan verv dissimilar to that of the Mary Catherine. In the former case, the death of the Captain was the cause of the change of meters ; in the latter, the marriage of Captain Warner, upon his arrival here, and his consequent wish to remain in New South Wales, were the reasons for ap pointing Captain Fox to the command. * But I this was not one of those grounds of excep tion which the superior courts had deemed it proper to recognise. A case, had been deter mined in the High Court of Admiralty by Sir Christopher Robinson, which he, (Mr. N..) considered was analogous to the present. It was where the Cambridge, whose vojagewas described in the articles as to Madras and Cal cutta and back to London, deviated, under a new charter party, from Madras by Prince of Wales' Island to Calcutta. The deviation, though not notified, was known to tbe crew, who were dissatisfied, but did m-t remonstrate. The seaman, who, after arriving at Calcutta, soon demanded his discharge, and refused to work, wag put in irons until the unloading was completed, when he quitted the ship. It was held by the learned Judge, 1st. That ouch pro posed deviation entitled him to hi* discharge at Madras; and, 2ndly. That his remain ing on board subsequently was not an implied consent; nor (as the vessel was not, under tbe new charter party, to return direct from Calcutta to London), was it a vir tual renewal of his engagement The whole wages to the time of the seaman's quitting the ship, toge'her with costs, were pronounced for, though the C urt inclined that the seaman had acted illegally in refusing to discharge the cargo. To thin decision Mr, Nichols requepted the attention ri the Bench, as well jbb to pome remarks of Sir C. Robinson, whicn appeared relevant to the ense of th^ Mary Catherine. His Honor laid it down as a general principle, that it was requisite that any alteration of the original voyage made by the owners or master, should be accompanied with notice and compensation to the mariner. And he particularly observed (nft^r having referred to the Danish Code and Vanlinden's Institutes of the laws of Holland,) that he cited those foreign ordinances to show that on the hardest construction of the duties of sailors, something was required from the master in the way of compensation to reconcile them to their new engagement ; that the law of England put a freer construction on the ser vice of mariners as well as of other persons ; it required them, indeed, in ordinary cases to utay by the ship till the discharge of the cargo (Baltic Merchant, Edw 86 ;) but this was a dutywh'ch related to a Buboisting contract, where the other party had done nothing to supersede it. And His Honor went on to sav, that where such contract had been interrupted, and the strict obligation between the parties had been loosened or relaxed by a clear breach of contract ; or, by ambiguous conduct on the part of the master, raising reasonable doubts as to its con tinuance, it could only be explained on the broad principles of equity and reciprocal jus tice. And, after adverting to the fact (as in the ease of the Mary Catherine) tha- no reasonable cause, or necessity, was assigned for the devia tion complained of, and **hich could connect it in any manner with the general object of the voyage, as growing nut of accident, or ovpr ruling authority.— Sir C. Robinson said, th -t when no such ground of exception existed, justice and policy concurred in requiring a strict observance of the specified conditions of the Contract; and that in the present times especially, of increased enterprise in distant commerce, considerations of this kind gained additional f rce from the length of voyage and extent of time for which such engagements were formed. In pronouncing for the whole wages, the learned Judge added the expression of a hope that what had happened in the case of the Cambridge, and in others decided on the same principle, would be a caution to masters and owners, on distant voyages, to act with frank - ness and liberality to the crew, in respect to any deviations that might affect their interests. By such treatment only could they expect to retain good reamen in their employment ; and it would be found ultimately to be the only beneficial principle on which such engagements could be regulated. If contingencies were in cident to such long and distant voyapps, and could be foreseen, they ought to be provided for in the ship's articles. If they arose unex pectedly,-j-ower ought to be given to the master to make compensation for any deviation that might be legally considered to affect the origi nal contract. These were the opinions of one of the highest authorities on maritime law, and seeing that a deviation from t^e contract, ma terially affecting the interest' of the renmen, had been made, without sufficient reason or absolute necessity, in the case of the Mary Catherine, he, Mr. Nichol*, trusted that the Bench would award the wages already due to the seamen, and authorise them to leave the ship, Cap- sin Browne said, that he would not call upon Mr. Johnson to reply, as he intended to decide in accordance with the decree of Mr. Yardly, (one of the magistrates of the Thames Police Office; in the case of the Sutl^j. In that case.aseaman claimed a balance of £6 18*. 4d.for services on a voyage from London to Calcutta. He had entered into articles in London with the master of the Sutlej (one of Mr. Green's vessels), but shortly after her arrival at Cal cutta, the master, Captain C mpbfll, died ; and immediately after his decea-e, a Mr. Pari«h, who had come to Calcutta to m*-«=t th' vessel, took the command. The men had made up their minds to serve the chief mite as master, and expected that the command would, as is upual in such cnsep, devolve upon him. Thev also thought that Mr. Parish had presented himself without any credentials, and they pro fessed that they did not know by what au'ho My he took charge of the Sutlej. and therefore mused to serve him, or obev his commands. They were off duty five days for the purpose of consulting a magistrate or solicitor on the sub ject. They were then given into custody for absenting themselves, and sent to prison by a magistrate for seven days On their release, they again refused to work under Mr. Parish, and were again given into custody, and sentenced to thiity days' imprisonment. Upon the men reaching London, by various routeB, they applied for the wages claimed by them, st the Thames Police Office, and their legal adviser contended that as they had been punished at Calcutta for leaving the ship, and as they would not have refused to do their duty if the new master had been more explicit and exhibited his credentials, they ought not to be further punished by the forfeiture of their wiges. Mr. Yardley, however, decreed the forfeiture of one month's pay for absence and neglect of duty, and so confirmed the decision of the Cal cutta Bench. That decision, Captain Browne observed, had been given upon the authority of the Advocate General at Calcutta, whose opinion was as follows : — ' In the matter of the t-hip Sutlej, I am of opinion that the sea men who have signed and entered into an agreement pursuant to the statute with Hit Peter Campbell, the late master of the ship ^utlej, to serve in that ship during the voyage from London to Calcutta and back to London, are bound to fulfil that agreement (the benefits of which they can enforce against the owner of the vessel), notwithstanding the death of Air. Campbell. I am further of opinion , that if they refuse to serve, and desert the ship, they will incur the forfeiture of the wages already earned, and the penalties under the sixh section of the Act, which penalties the master may, I think, enforce against them, upon an application to any Justice of the Peace in Calcutta. ' Upon this authority he, Captain Browne, was disposed to rely. Captain Fox had been duly authorised by the owner of the Mary Catherine to succeed Captain Warner as master, and the men were bound to continue the voyage as agreed to by their articles. The case was accordingly dismissed, and the men ordered to return to their duty. Steam Navigation Company. — A meeting of the shareholders of the Hunter River Steam Nav gation Company was held on Tuesday, !Mr. R. Campbell in the chair, when it was explained that the increasing business of the Company rendered an increase of capital necessary, but that there would be so many legal difficulties in extending the present Company, that it was considered advisable to dissolve the old Com pany and form a new one It was then resolved that the Hunter River Steam Navigation Com pany should be dissolved on the 30th June next, the assets of the Company to be offered to the new Company on certain terms, and the shareholders to have the option of taking ttock in the new Company, or to be paid off at par. It was then resolved that a new Company should be formed called ths ' Australasian Steam Navigation Company' ; that the present directors of the Hunter River Company should be the first directors of the new Company, and a Committee consisting of the directors and other seven shareholders was appointed to prepare a draft deed, and make other prelimi nary arrangements, and to report within a month. A vote of thanks to the chairman and directors of the Hunter River Company waz carried by acclamation. The Orien'al, from Wellington, reports having spoken the Salacia, ship, hence, for Wellington the 8th February, in Cook's Straits, on the 22nd February, The schooner Border Maid, from Wellington, wa« coming on to Sydnev, also the Torrington from Akaroa, and the William Alfred, had sailed for Port Cooper, after which she would sail for Sydney. We believe Mr. Fletcher, Inspector of the TLiicn Bank, is a passenger by her Upwards of twelve hundred sheep died on board the Oriental, on her passage from Two fold Bay to New Zealand ; they were diseased with that fat«l malady callei catarrh. Newcastle. — The Cadet, Alpha, and are loaded at Newcastle. The Colonist is taking in timber for London, and the Moselle had arrived. And would load immediately. The Duke of Wellington left Port Phillip Heads on the 11th instant. The Shamrock, steamer, hence, arrived at Williams Town on Saturday evening at six o'clock, and a schooner was entering the Heads on the departure of the Duke of Wellington. The Emma, brig, hence, was seen entering .' the Derwent on the 13th instant. The Caldew, Captain Snow, arrived on Monday from Hongkong, after a good passage of -i sixty days. The Lady Peel, hence, arrived at j Hongkong on the 29th December. The Regie, ;3 brig, Captain Johnson, from San Francisco, \ arrived on the 1 2th January ; she wao to I follow the Caldew for this port. The Swallow - wrs laid up as a receiving ship. The schooner Shamrock has become the pro- perty of Messrs. Inder and Co., who have placed her in the Wide Bay trade. The Emma came up yesterday with the Chinese immigrants. She experienced some difficulty in picking her way over the far famed flats, from the total want of directing marks. She draws but 8½ feet water, as we were informed, and would have had no diffi- culty in getting up to the wharf, but for the cause just mentioned. — Moreton Bay Free Press. The Tamar will be the first vessel for London, and in all probability will sail on the 26th instant. The Two Oceans.— In the neighbourhood : of the ? continents the seas are often shallow ; thus the Baltic Sea has a depth of only 120 feet between the coasts of Germany and those of Sweden. The Adriatic, between Venice and Trieste, has a depth of only 130 feet. Between France And England the greatest depth does not exceed 300 feet, while south- we^t of Ireland it sud *!enly sinks to 2000 feet. The seas in the South of Europe are much deeper than the preceding. The western basin of the Medi- ? terranean seems to be very deep. In the narrowest parts of the Straits of Gibralter it is not more than 1000 feet below the surface. A little further towards the east, the depth falls to 3000 feet, and at the south of the coast of ,: Spain, to nearly 6000 feet. On the north-west of Sardinia, bottom has not been found at the depth of nearly 5000 feet With respect to the open seas, their depths are little known. About 250 miles south of Nantucket, the lead as been sunk to 7800 feet. In north latitude, t at 78 deg., Captain Rocs has exceeded 6000 feet in Baffin's Bay. But the most astonishing depths are found in the Southern Atlantic: west of the Cape of Grood Hope, 16,000 feet have been found ; and the plummet has not found .bottom at 27.000 feet west of St. Helena. D% Youner, relying upon the theory of the tides, considered himself justified in assigning about 15,000 feet to the Atlantic, and about 20,000 the Pacific. But did it never occur to our young readers, that there is another ocean, and that men live in it — an ocean of air, as we call it, which goeB all round our globe, resting ' equally upon the sea and upon the dry land, and without which neither man nor beast could live a minute? It is true men do not see the * air, just as fishes do not see the water ; and fishes could no more live in the air than men could live in the sea, just because their organs are not adapted to it Now this upper sea , has likewise occupied the attention of philosophers ; and the result of their inquiries; i as recorded by Mr. Wise, the gentleman who I has written about ballot n3, is as follows : ' In, one place he mokes us acquainted with the etill quiet of the heavens, thus: A bee was ? let off (at 8000 feet,) whieh flew away, making : a humming noise. At the altitude of 11.00 feet, a great linnet was liberated, which flew ;. away dirertly, but snm feeling itself abandoned in the midst of an. unknown ocean, it returned, . and settled on the stays of the balloon ; then mustering frech courage, it took a second flight, and dashed downwards to the earth, describing ' a tortuous yet perpendicular track. A pigeon )f-t off . tinder similar circum- ; stances sff»rded a more curio-is spectacle. ' Placed on the edge of the car, it rested awhile, measuring, as it were, the breadth of that un explored sea which it designed to traverse ;— ' now launching; into the abyss, it fluttered ir regularly, and seemed at first to try its wings on the thin element, till after a few strokes it gained more confidence, and whirling in large .. circles or ppira's, like the bird of prey, it pre cipitated it6elf into the maRB of extended clouds where it was lost from sight. In one of his ascents, he held a distinct conversation in the clouds with Mr. PauUn, who ascended with? another balloon about the same time.' The Regina, for Sydney, and the Derwent, for Hobart Town, Bailed from Deal November 27th. The Mouhtstuart Elphinstone cleared outwards for Adelaide tne same day. The Explosion on board the Valmy.— A Brest paper, L' Ocean, gives the following additional details relative tt the explosion which recently occurred on board the Valmy, one of the vessels of the French squadron 'which lately visited our shores. On Friday, the 8th December, at a quarter past five in the morning, the Valmy was abrpast of One* sant, at a distance of 15 leagues. Suddenly a frightful explosion shook the vessel. The planking of the spare deck was torn away for a space pf from nine to ten metres, and but for the solid construction of the vessel her sides would cer tainly have been injured., euch was the terrible -violence of the explosion. When the first effects of the panic occasioned by the incident subsided the following facts were ascertained. The maBter guner, who had had to make sig nals several times during the night, had retired to his room, taking with him a number of rockets. In this room was a case of gun powder. By s~me undiscovered means, 'whether by accident or through impudence, the rockets or the gunpowder caught fire. The gunner was the first victim of his imprudence Seven men were killed with him on the instant —the store-keeper and the master carpenter, ?who were in their rooms, three second mates, and two sailors. Of the second mates badly wounded, one has since died. Twelve sailors were scorched or wounded by splinters. A cabin-boy asleep in his hammock was driven forcibly against the deck above and killed on the spot. This disaster, it is hoped will serve as a lesson for the future, and combustible materials of whatever kind will not be allowed to be kept elsewhere than in the powder-maga zines. India and Australia Mail Steam-Packet Company. — Yesterday, at twelve o'clock, his Honour Master Blunt proceeded with the adju dication of claims against this estate. The claim of Mr Montgomery Martin, in re»pect of 100 shares of £20 each paid up, and of £1000 awarded to him, was disallowed- The claims of Mr. Yfites, for £6 9 salary, and of Mr. Scott Russell, engineer, and for disbursements of £2851, were allowed.— Times, November 16. 