COLON/AL EXTRACTS. CHINA. (From the Maitland Mercury.) 29th October. From the Overland Register of tbal date we take the following monthly summary of'news; Tjib Rrbkluox.-We are as ignorant on this, 'jjolrtVas'our neighbours, and forbear filling our ''.paper With absurd mmours and.acçonnlB, of which it is easy to obtuiri'any quantity, but of w hieb wè do not believe one nord, whatever tUegobemouchcs in or out'of China may do. We die informed that the insurrection has been fomented either by rnïembers of a sect of Christians or their pro- sélytes ; on this subject we are promised full information, and when received, it shall be given to our readers, who must judge for themselves as to the credence due lo it. This is one of the cases in'which wè have no desire to lead public opinion. vOf one thing we are certain, that the anticipated stoppage of trade has not taken place, and that to the present moment shipments of teas are Jn excess of the previous year by 11,000,000 lbs. Conspiracy against the Esfpnaoa. -We 'learn that the new Governjr-General, Ke- che ehnng.of the two provinces of Fuk-kien and Cbe keang, had arrived at Fu-chow- foo on the 21st ultimo. It is îeportcd at Fu-cho.\\.,fhat there his been a eonapiracy in the Impel Í ii family to i emove -the present Emperor Hien-Fung. It is said the iïmperoi's life was in danger, but wb«*ther this was from the actual breaking out of the conspi- racy or only in the intention of the conspirators, .we are not informed. Fire At Canton -Canton Ins been lyiusually free from anyextensive flic feir sejmg years... Tïiey are never, however, untookeu* tor at this season. At midnight of the 8th instant, the foreign inhabit- ants were alarmed by the cry of fue, and no gieat length of time elapsed befuie the conti igration hail spread itself from where it commenceil to-the upper pait of Hog-lane, about 40 yards fiom the factories, and it is very generally believed, had the wind been from the not tbward and to any extent, these would have been destroyed. .Upon good ntithori|y^c leam th.iUipw-.ircU of 200, hpuses have ?been'destroyed. These consist of the fine shops on both sides of the wide street'le ulm g up fn m the end-of Curiosity-street-»li the houses between it and the City wall, including Looking-glass street and part of Curiositv-stieet. Luge quan- tities of both woollen and cotton goods have been destroyed. A despatch was sent to Captain Kilman of the Sqlan^ander, lying at Blenheim îeicti, vvhtjn. her boatiy'crews were iinmediately se.njt off, «ofl their'servi'ces might have beef» of inestimable value had the fire unfortunately reached the fac- tories! ' ' ' ' ' ' Another Fisb.-The P. R2 O.'Co.'s Receiving ship Fort William caught fire on the 20th instant, but by the exertion of the sailors jrom the min -of-war and others, it was extmguiscd before the fire reached the lower deck. This is another in« stanceof the penny wise and pound foolish econo- my. The fiie originated ' i th«í mat shed covering the vessel, a thing that, after a short exposure to the sun, becomes fdmoU as ¡milunnvible as gun- powder. The steamer Canton, of this Compmy, is repiired, and will shortly commence working, but it seems a question whether ohe will be put on «the river or on the Slnnghae line. CoiiONiz VTiON of New South Wales-The following letter his bean handed lo us for publica- tion by George Rmken, Esq , J P., who obtained the original, now in our possession, when sojourn- ing in his native country some years ago, from Mr. John Bell, writer, of Ayr. The docuenent derives a powerful interest from the great event \---»the Prst settlement of Port Jackson, to which it more particularly refers, and the interest ¡3 by no means diminished at a period when the celebration by festivities, public amusements, and rejoicings of the anniversary of the foun- dation of the colony, Í3 attracting some degree of attention to the subject. The writer, it will be seen, a native of Scothnd, wns on b'nrd the Lady Penrhyn, one of the vessels forming the expe- dition, and so far as we can g'Uher from the letter itself, it was written to Iris father and mother, and directed to them through Mr. Bril. With the exception of two or throo verbal alteialiona, we hive followed the manuscript, although in sjveral places the meaning is not pat ticularly clear : 4* At sea on board the Lady Penrhyn, August 9th, 1789. Honored Father and Mother,-This comes with my kind respects to you, hoping you are all well. I wrote to you at the Cape of Good Hope by a Danish ship that was bound to Ports- mouth in 1787, watered and sailed from there Nov "the 12th, and on January 25th arrived at Botany Bay. To the southward of the bay we saw a great number of the inhabitants. Hie Governoi did not approve of the ground hereabouts, but 12 miles to the northward he found out a veiny good harbour for the shipping and better ground, called Port Jackson. Sailed and arrived on the 23th, and on the same day the Governor went on shore to take possession of the land, with a company of grenadiers nnd some convicts, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Hesent on board the Supply Bl ignn tine for the Union Jack.^ Then orders were given for the soldiers to mai cb down to the west side of the cove. They cut one of the trees down and fixed it as a flag-statf, and hoisted the Jack and fired four volleys of small arms, which were answered by three cheers fi om the brig. Then they marched up to the head of .the cove, where they pitched their tents. « I wrote to you by the ship Alexander, May 5th, 1783. Sailed from there towards Lord Howe's Island, found out by the Sup2>ly Brig on her passige to Norfolk Is- land. May 15th arrived, hoisted our boat out and went on shore, expecting to get some turtle, but did not. May 18th sailed fiom there towards s Otaheite. June 2nd discovered three small islands, at 11 o'clock came'.ùp.''willi-tuo smaller ones. There«was nor possibility oft landings then: Bore away ( for the other, ííoisted the small boat out and the; captain j 'mate, and (four ,hands went on shpi ef There was "nothing* on it to speak of. July 10th arrived there (Otaheite we suppose) with sixteen pfjus, bad .with the scurvy. Hundreds of the .canoesteame to us with the produce of the island. J.O. three' weeks time all of us got well. 23rd, sailed from there to an ¡bland about four leagues distant, udjere tbp"natives, brought, the produce of theWimHr* Ati£ju'st1tó, sailed frorn there to Timan,.' and on our passage .fliscbver.etlj an" isl íheí" ¡nore pleasant than the othei thiee/bu't did not visit it -.Septe.inber-19tlr armedr wateieil,"and""Bailed for China; arrived there October 2lst. Deccmbei 23rd made Canton « « . « * 'Januaiy 10th, 1789, sailed from China for St. . Helena, and after a very long passage arrived May 18ih. «**«** .The'next lette^r .1 send you will inform you of more * "wf'our'voyage*, tío no more at present, but»e f member mc to all enquiring friends'] Your affec- tionate son,, John Campbell."-Uathttrst Free >VfôÎ9?Jan. 31. . , ., b v. si th TI at wi sh Gold Lkttebs.-The Sydaey Morning Herald \ tai ha» the following:-SVe'haVe on , more than one occasion nptiecd! the great'' exaggerations con-* tai ried in1 the private letters senfhbme during the early stages'of the gold mania. The following is i arr'p%ÍTavf~fTnrrí^u Aéiii-r iiîifnijritnijr/iv uc VrTitien. by a lady on-the 31st 'May :-"'¿toals'" are' ¿s' valuable n'parly as^. lumps of gold : and I sit j shivering whilst I write lo you, because I have not the courage to say ' light a fire.' Bread we must | give up, and rire will 'sb on ,be a luxury." I Tills miscliiev'ous paragraph 'has been copied into j at*least a score of .newspapers. when it wjis ( written coate were thirty shillings a ton, or.one : shilling and one penny a bushel, and yet for the j sake of Writing something startling,'this un- scrupulous lady declares" them to be almost as valuable as gold. Bread was no doubt temporarily very dear, three-pence" a pound, but still to talk of having to " gi ve'it up," was mere bunkum. The publication of such idle gossip is very in- jurious to the colliny. The Hanging Rock Diggings.-Messrs. D. Cohen and Co have received two samples of gold from the diggings near Taniv.oith. One, from the Hanging Rock, is a very promising sample, the gold being of a heavy kind, containing many small nuggets, and of a lieh, deep colour. 'flin other, from Swamp Oak Creek, ii scale gold, very pure and clean, but much ligiuer tiian the other. Mr. Levy, of 'Tamworth, writes to Messrs, D. Cohen and Co , tint the Hanging Rock diggings arc going on very well, and thai another man had reached Tamworth, afirr b?ing there about four- teen days working by him3p|f, and hid brought three ounces of gold, which he sold to Messrs D. Cohen and Co., of Tamworth, for £0. Another letter which has reached town »'ates tint there are twenty- seven crad!e3 at work at the Hanging Rdck.'nmP tlmt .Mr. Commissiiincr Durbin had proceeded,'or was about to pfoeeed lhere again. - Maillanu Mercury, Feb. l8.' ' ';BtiQHT' 'in 'tii'u Eyks -To the fSditor of the ?îrgùs.~Sh-Permit me to otter a. word of coun- sel on this disease, peculiarly an Australian infi im mation. Caustic, sulphate of zinc, sugar of lead, opium, and other lotions will not cure this malady, which is simple, if treated simply. iTiave found the following a never failing relief ¡ -Dip.a muslin, handkerchief into cold water, fold ¡I, wet", four times illicit ; d6 not let it be dripping wet, and lay it in this state on the eyes, foreheul, and temples, covering this with a double thickness of ilinnel. Keep this on an hour at a time, and when taken oil, bathe the eyes with a little cold water ; wipe the eyes gently dry, and repeat, if needful, three times a day. Your obedient ser- vant. Y. B. A. ' Whilmoubthe Murderer.-Possessed as weare of »strong contempt for thatprying curiosity which would worm1 its way into the murd.'rei's cell, witlu the object of noting every word, catching at every chance expression, and if possible, reading every thought, in order that a morbid tasle which pre- vails to a greater or les3 exlentin every community may be gratified with congenial food, we cannot nevertheless refrain from gifing the following rela- tion of an interview with Whitmore the murderer, which was communicated to us by thd visitor, a gcntlemin of unquestionable veracity. Our in- formant, who is a Justice of the Peace, accompanied by a gentlemen from the low country, also in the commission, called upon Mr. Chippendale, by whom they were introduced to the prisoner, and as if to mark his utter indifférence to the app tiling situation in which he was placed, he carne forward to meet them with a broad grin on his features and a half jaunty air. Upon one of the gentle- men expostulating with him on the impropriety of his conduct, he replied that he could not help laughing ; it was natural to him, he was always laughing. He then entered into a detailed rela- tion of the murders he had committed, with as much cooln?3s as if speaking of the most harm- less occurrences ; winding up by stating his in- tention to plead guilty. On this occasion, as upon others, he expressed a strong wish for an opportunity to shoot his captors, Mr. Cornish, and Ward his ovetseer, having accomplished which demonic feats, he observed, he should be enabled to die in peace. Thfe whole demeanour of Whilmore betrays a degree of depravity and deliberate blood thirstiness which it is awful to contempt ite, and which can only be. a*couuled for hy a most unfor- tunate organization, trained under most deplo- rable circumstances. Happy it is for the world^ that such examples of monstroin wickedness arc of rare occurrence. - Bathurst Free Press. Immigration Papers.-In November last the Colonial-Secretary laid upon the table of the Coun- cil additional correspondence respecting immigra- tion. 1. A despatch from Sir Chirlas A. l*'itz Roy to Eirl Grey, dated 26th October, 1350, No. 195, reporting generally on measures adopted for the continuance of immigration. In this paper His Excellency said, " I conclude, therefore, that the pusages of all the immigrants who have up to the present time arrived in the colony, have been paid for out of the three hundred thousand pounds first remitted, and the parliamentary grant of twenty-three thousand pounds; and that the whole sum of one hundred thousand pounds which, as I have above stated, is in course of re tiiittandc, rcmuitis to be expended ona further im- migration supposed to be in progress, but of the commencement of which I have as yet no infor- mation." His Exctllency fnrther calculated, that, with the assistance of the increased contributions now required from immigrants lo this colony, the Commissioners would be enabled to despatch two ships monthly to Sydney and two to Port Phillip for the ensuing ten months ; and he estimated that twenty thousand pounds taken out of the terri- torial revenue for 185 i, would enable him to remit the Sydney district's .share of the one hundred thousand pounds referred to as being in course of remittance. The debt on the land revenue would then probably be a little in excess of this amount, To this despatch there was appended an estimate of the produce and expenditure of that revenue for the year 1851, on which it is only necessary to make one remark, that the proceeds of the sales of land and ¿town allotments, quit rents, and income from crown lands, actually ex- ceeded the estima'teby no less a sum than twenty four thousand pounds; independently of the pro- ceeds^ Gold Digging Licenses, -and its escort and conveyance, which amounted to thirty- three thousand pounds. 2. The next document is a despatch from Earl Grey to the Governor-General, dated 4th August, 1850, No. 100, and which crossed the former, in this communication, his Lordship; having referred to the state of debt chargeable on the Territorial Revenue, and to the recorded opinion of the Committee of the Legisla- tive Council, that the General Revenue ought not to be anticipated or burthened for the purpose of Immigration, announced to the Governor-General that one ship only should be sent to Sydney, and one to Port Phillip, monthly, in 1851. The rea- sons which occasioned this reduction are given in his lordship's letter to the Lords of the Treasury, more specifically than we think necessary to re- peat. 3. The third despatch is one of Sir Charles A. Fitz Roy, dated 3lst December, 1850, (N,o. 238,) lo Earl Grey,' and íb in reply to the Sccrc ¡'lary of Stale's" list meiiliont-d. His Excellency submits h calculation by, which'it would follo,v that the Commissioners should have had irr their hands, applicable to immigration to arrive in 1851, nearly twenty-three thousand puundi more than ! they had* Proposed to expand-dur'i1"' 'hat^yMiv Ile e'xpres?i-d his regret at jhVinlimation ot an intended reduction, " inasmuch as there is an in- creasing Remand for labour, and a ^conséquent j tendency of wages to rise in every part of the j colony." Nevertheless he proposes to complete the îemittnnce, during the first four months of 1851, of the one hundred thousand ponnds ; in ! doiii£ which he does not anticipate the necessity I of inri easing the debt beyond perhaps a total of £117,500. His Excellency cmleavours to allay Eail Grey's apprehensions respecting the state of the! Land Debt, by an assurance that the Deben- tures are a favorite investment, the average rate of piemium having been £1 183. 9d, percent, and the interest not quite 5 per cent., and that owing to the terms no embarrassment eonld ensue to the Government Sir Charles intimated that he would not, dunn«? the twelve months following the completion nt the lemittance of one hundred thousand pounds, coniittiïe to remit at the rate of four thousand pounds for each of the districts of Sydney and Port Phillip, as was intended when he wrole his despatch of 26ih October, 1850, but would retain in the Tn-isury the sums which might accumulate to the en dit ni the Teiritoiial Revenue, in the hope that his loi ii ¿hip would sec fit again to authorise emi^r.iiioii on a less restricted soale, when they could b« remitted. We are indebted in th's despitch for .in earnest en ti paly on ihe part "of the Governor-' ¡emeral that such emigration should be continued. 4. lu a despatch from (he Seep lary to the Commissioners, dated 13th May, 1851, we have n statement of the.numbersof emi- grants despatched iluiing 1850, in »-leven vessels, toS)dney, namely, 2919 persons, and in four to Port Phillip, 1135 persons ; total'1084; of which 940 were single men, 1313 single women. 5. Mr. Walcott, in the list paper of this series, trans- mitted new regulliions for the selection and ship- ment of emigrants. They are interesting princi- pally to persons in this colony who wish to nomi- nate labourers for free passages under the Land and Immigration Deposit Regulations ; and haye been already published.-&'. M. Herald. 