THE EMPIRE. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1852. EUROPE. NEWS TO THE END OF OCTOBER. By the Royal Stuart, (which fine ship has made the passage from Plymouth in nine- ty-five days) we have London Papers to the 29th October. In France, Louis Napoleon had succeed- ed in forming a new ministry, which was announced in the Moniteur as follows :— M. Corbin, Attorney-General of the Court of Appeal—Minister of Justice. M; Turgot, ancient peer of France— Foreign Affairs. M. C. Giraud, member of the institute —Public Instruction. M. de Thorigny, former Advocate-Gene- ral of the Court of Appeal of Paris— Minister of the Interior. M. de Casabianca—-Commerce. M. Lacrosse—Public Works. General St. Arnaud—War. M. H. Fortoul—Marine. M. Blondel, Inspector-General of Finance —Minister of Finance. M. C. Giraud performs the functions of Minister of Justice in the absence of M. Corbin. M. Turgot, Minister of Foreign Affairs is charged with the Finances in the absence of M. Blondel. M. Maupas, Prefect of the Haute Ga- ronne is appointed prefect of Police in place of M. Carlier. Previous negociations had been entered into with M. Billault who, however, insist- ed on two of his political friends, M.Victor Lefranc and M. Duclerc, entering the cabinet. " When this demand was pressed," says the Times' correspondent, " the President of the Republic said, that notwithstanding the private character of these gentlemen, and the esteem to which they may be entitled in social intercourse, yet their political ' antecedents' were such as would alarm the country ; and, more- over, that any alliance between him and the Left had never entered his head, and, in fact, was totally out of the question. The President then sent for M. Casabianca, who disclaimed all idea of constructing a Cabinet himself, on the ground of his not possessing sufficient importance as a pub- lic man, and of which he observed no one was more conscious than himself ; but he added that if his services were considered necessary or useful, he would not ob- ject to serving in one of the minor depart- ments." Kossuth arrived at Southampton, on board the steam-ship Madrid, on the 23rd of October, about two o'clock. Theo ex- citement on his landing is described as very great and general ; and so wild was the joy of a number of Hungarian refugees, on meeting their great chief again, that they nearly knocked each other into the water in their demonstrations of welcome. The ex-Governor was publicly entertained both at Southampton and London ; among the gentle- men of distinction who conspicuously united in those demonstrations were —Lord Dudley Stuart ; Mr. Cobden, M. P. ; the Mayor of Southampton ; Lord C. Fitzroy ; Mr. George Dawson ; Mr. Wyld, M. P. ; Mr. Gilpin ; Mr. Wilcox, M. P. ; Captain Townsend, M. P. ; Mr. Harris, M. P. ; Sir J. C. Lillie ; M. Pulszky ; and a number of Hungarians. Public Addresses were received by Kos- suth from various parts of the country, expressing sentiments of admiration and welcome ; and a similar address had been adopted by the Corporation of London. We notice some additional extracts from private letters, touching the Aus- tralian gold fields, the most interesting, perhaps, being from the firm of Messrs. Young and Co., of Sydney, and Mr. D. Hill Young, of Melbourne, in reference to this subject, it will be gratifying to many of our readers to find such sober views taken as appear in the following extract, which is from the Plymouth Herald, October 25th :—" The last ad- vices, from Sydney give some satisfactory assurances against the probability of any extensive desertion of their vessels by the seamen in the port in consequence of the discovery of the gold mines. The desertion at San Francisco when the Californian gold was discovered was universal, because there was no marine police, but at Sydney there is an organized and efficient police for the protection of the harbour and the prevention of offences. There is a Water Police Magistrate specially appointed to decide maritime disputes, to whom a juris- diction, most important to the commerce of the colony, has been recently given under the Mercantile Marine Act to hear and determine certain cases summarily which were previously sent to a jury." A private, letter dated October 27th, from Messrs. Lovegrove and Lee, to a passenger by the Royal Stuart, says, "The public sales of wool have, opened with an advance of about 1d. on the average of the August sales." The following is the state of the Money Market as given in the City Article of the Times, October 29th :— " The quotation of gold at Paris is about at par (according to the new tariff), which, at the English Mint price of £3 17 10½d. per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.17 ; and, the exchange at Paris on London at short being 25.27½, it follows that gold is 0.41 per cent, dearer in London than in Paris. By advices from Hamburgh, the price of gold is 430 per mark, which at the English Mint price of £3 17s. 10½d. per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 13.7½ ; and, the exchange at Ham burgh on London at short being 13.8¾, it follows that gold is 0.41 per cent. dearer in London than in Hamburgh. " The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 110 per cent., and the par of exchange between England and America being 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nominally 0.42 per cent. in favour of England ; but after making allowance for difference of interest and charges of transport, the present rate leaves no profit on the importation of gold from the United States. " The English funds have been slightly, less firm to-day, but the depression which occurred was merely temporary. Consols opened at the closing quotation of yester- day-namely 97¾ to ⅞, and receded to 97⅝. The last price, however, was 97¾, for both money and account. A slight increase in the supply of stock, and the apparently uninfluential character of the new French ministry, seemed to be the causes which affected the market. The Government-brokers continue to make large daily purchases, usually amounting to about £40,000, for the sinking fund and various public accounts. Bank Stock closed 213½ to 214½ ; Reduced, 97 to ⅛ ; Three-and-a-Quarter per Cents., 98⅛ to ¼ ; Long Annuities, 7 ; India Stock, 262 to 264 ; India Bonds, 59s. to 62s. ; and Exchequer Bills, 54s. to 57s. premium. " Foreign securities were heavy this afternoon, and in Mexican business was done at lower prices. In the official list the bargains comprised—Danish Five per cents, 10½ ; Mexican for money, 26½ ; for the account 26½ ; the small, 26⅜ ; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents:, 102⅛ and 102 ; Sardinian Five per Cents., 82 and 82⅜ ; Spanish Five per Cents., 20½ and ⅜ ; Venezuela, 34 and 33½ ; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 92½ and 92 ; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 89¾ and 90. In the foreign exchanges the rate upon Amsterdam was rather lower. With regard to other places there was little alteration from previous quotations. " The silver which arrived by the last West India packet has all been sold at an advance of ⅛d., the bar silver fetching 60⅜d., and the dollars 58¾d. It was chiefly pur- chased for India, only a small portion being taken for the Continent." The Times had obtained the nickname of the " Austrian Gazette," by its unprinci- pled attacks on Kossuth. The Weekly Dispatch remarks—" We had believed that, for very shame, the Times would pause in its course of falsehood and un- manliness. It is not so. Fortunately, the means are at hand to prove some part of its systematic baseness. We have to thank Mr. Madden, the publisher, of 8, Leadenhall-street, for some early sheets of a forthcoming work, written by Charles Pridham, Esq., " late Times" Correspon- dent in Hungary." This gentleman tells the truth of his employers. In our next impression, therefore, we hope to furnish our readers with a full exposure of the manner in which the conductors of the tyrants' journal falsify the information they pretend to value so much. The question is now one for every plain, right- minded man—whether a calumniator shall be allowed, in our name, to heap the foulest charges on a man we honour, founding them on evidence which it has itself in- tentionally forged?'' At a Privy Council October 23rd, Par- liament was ordered to be further pro- rogued to January 15th. It was stated that Lord Lansdowne and Sir George Grey were about to retire from the ministry, the latter by the advice of his medical man. Among the measures proposed by Louis Napoleon, was a scale of public rewards for the production of theatrical pieces of moral tendency and brilliant composition, with a view to the removal from the stage of dramatic works of a pernicious political character. Several diabolical murders are recorded in the late English papers. We notice an advertisement in the Times inviting parties to join in the charter of a ship for Sydney, by a number of gentlemen desirous of proceeding to the Australian gold mines. By the Royal Stuart, we have received the first instalment of seventy passengers to account of the sensation occasioned by our gold discoveries. Deducting about six from this number, who are old friends, and four who are on route for the Society Islands, the remaining sixty are a fresh addition to the population of New South Wales. From information on which we may rely, we have satisfaction in announcing that, with trifling exceptions, the immi- grants by this ship are all respectable individuals, of good family and connexions, and are, whether in respect to their general intelligence, practical knowledge or com- mercial relations, likely to constitute a very creditable addition to the rising im- portance of this extensive branch of the empire. In every addition of this quality of im- migrants we recognise a fresh element of resistance to the encroachments and designs of the Home Government to perpetuate and extend the baneful system of convict- ism in the southern hemisphere. Admitting there may be a few unsettled spirits among the number, who in the hope of change and prospect of bettering their condition, have been enticed to seek their fortune, amongst us, this view will not apply in the aggregate, and will not dis- parage the argument, or call in question the fact that we have received by this arrival a considerable number of unexcep- tionable settlers of gold capital, varied and valuable experience, and many thoroughly useful and practical men such ss the cir- cumstances and wants of the colony require. 