ENGLISH NEWS. English intelligence to the 2nd June has been received by the Lady Head. This vessel has anticipated the Australia steam ship, which was to leave Ports- mouth on the 3rd of June. The most important feature of the English news by this arrival is the am- ple confirmation of the fact, as to the unmistakable rush of immigration from Great Britain to Australia. Previous inteiligence had apprised us, that all apathy on the subject had been removed by the successive arrival of vessels from Australia with the produce of our gold fields, and from the number of ships laid on at London, Liverpool, and the Clyde, all of which were rapidly filling with passengers, it is now apparent that in the course of the next few months, we shall have an unprecedented immigration into Australia, and especially into Victoria. The passengers appear to be of all classes, from the small merchant and capitalist to the artisan and labourer. It is now therefore decided that we shall have an influx of population into this country within a brief period, to which the pre- vious history of the colony or perhaps or any other country affords no parallel. In politial m:,tters there had been no ci ange. arliament was still sitting, and cc ~rped in p.eing measures of ur prcy, t; the- Iting of thea Uplics. LA-'ngst cther me~isures tlhe ncome Tax h,:d ee.n renet;C- a direct tax which fEji, ar to bare 1oat sone of its inmre r,~'-ive. and i.4cisitorial features, or cl: ithe pe'rle Jf Great Britain vere :rig orc nesed to its operation. it was cr;ented that fI'rliament r';d.d Lb dir -lvId about tl.e cod of ..; , and the uantry .ould then-make nsi .': itb elec.i'L, arni decide whether or r,-: rhe Dirbyy Minisry shluld be Sa-klc' by a -"orkin mnjority in the ne. )~r:ianmet 'i lh r.p;iiti.; of a Corn Law in any ,nau this cononrnetwon Tas wealiening the hl . .~~t c . n .," . .7 , . "?, ! ?, efforts of thIe Anti-Corn Law agitat:rrs, Sespecially the iane'heter men, who any he destrihed :a s rather maintaining an attitude of watchfi:ness, than seriously preparing for a conflict. Biut the Derby Ministry can harsii gi-ve the s;sbject of arienltural protectioin the " go-by," witlhout destroying that reputation on which its chief has prcided himself during his public life, that ,f heino not ou!v a very able but a very deermiucd and consistent states man. It was viehecently ured t!hat the re peal of the Naviatmi n Laos would ruin the English shbipping interest. It norw appears that the deman~d fer shins is so great, that there is the greatest difliculty in procuring sameen to man the vessels laid on, not mcerelyr for Aistr!i-, but for various parts of the world; and the dif ficuthy has been felt, not merely by the owners of satil:n vessels, bat by such companies s s tl: West India Steam Packet Comopany. The elements of re storaticn, fronm the efEcs of the repeal of the Corn and Nia- gation Laws, were at work in England before the Austra lan ard discoveries were known; but these have arrived just in time to cor plete the effect, an ,!to aid in start ing Great Britain in a revivifed creer of com.mercial sad ;rading =ctivity. The importance of fu!iy nmaintaining the ?rowth and suwr!ly of our woola, is manifest fhom the fact, th.t Australian wool has nearly snaperseded Spanish and German wools in :the British mn-rket. It must therefore "- ratisinatory to our snua::trs to know that we are likely to hare a very large immigration, becaue no sme!! portion of it must immediantely be directed to th;e pastoral districts, dCes pite the attraction of the geld fields. The faunds continued above par, and the raTe of discount nas low, two con acurrent facts, showing th!e ahbundance of mtney and the scarcity of available means of invrestsct. This will facili tate the export of gee~o s from England to Australia. We are likely, therefore, to be amply stocked in a very short timce; and when gooCds ar compara tirely cheap, and money ahbundaat, an active community is aways impelled into pullic and private undertakings, which tend to the social and general improvement of both the town and country. In gacral politics. especily with relation to the continent, there ap peared nothina new. France was quiet, and the Emperor of u;nsia had been visiting the Courts of Austria and Prussia, at Vienna and Berlin. So far as the intentioas of the Emperor of Russia had teen ascertaincd, his object would appear to be, to induce Austria and Prussia to co-operate with him in dictating to France the maintenance of a neutral poii.y. This is so far prudent, for another Enropean war would be the grave of continental despotism, whatevcr other forms of goverinment might arise out of the ruins. Teoors ror Arsza sux.--The frst Austr3a iian ioti steanetr, which leaves Pl'mouath on the 5Sth Jeme, will take out, if she can cccm mnodate the-e, a large draft, consisting of nearly 3ao me:r, to reinforce the tr-eep in thet colo.y. \--Refor: Gazetts---We dcubt the fact] 'The shitps laid on for Antral~ i fill most rapidly. Eragration is mich on the increase,, principally among- theednealed anl intelligent elasews, many of whom are lesasg enmfortlble situartios. Sir Harty Smith had arrived in Engiand from the Cae. Prince Albert hastecrme the ptrn of aso?eiety, the object of which is to transfer the destitute populatin of the Ighlands anod islands of Scot land to Australia. Her Mtjesty aend the Prince Conesort will leave for Srotland on Tuesday, the 22nl Jane. The price of coprer has risen ashoot £5 a ton, in euoquer.ce of the news that the miners had deserted the Birra Burro mines. Os the 20th of May, the French fleet, bearing 8001 go;s and nearly 10,000 men, east anctor tbefore Naples, asusing no little conjecture, and even scmea casterration, among the inhabitants. Erehrrey seems under thie impression that Fraee will ere lonn play some part in Italian aiirs. As regards the government in Italy, reaction is enabated, and indeed progressin. Naples has ie:eased her ferifiestions, and te Grand Dakeof Teassemy lIs just made the last concession to AuFtrian infl8uence by abolislinag the constitution of 1S48. The Ibhdderdateh, or Prusnsian raunch, has breen eized fr iulllishing a cat not likely to p'ease occiS Naphem Blonaoirte. G Id is about o.71 Ier cent. dearer in London than :n Palis. New york Exchange n London is nominl:y 0,41 per ceut. in favour of Eng land, laing no proflt on importation from tihe States. The AnstrlianF discoaeries are exciting much interest at New YTurk. fteral vessels had been takee op to load with emigrants, md many more will folow. Tte arrirval of the Great, Britain at New York in lthirten dors three hou~r, bs. exceeded the most sarguine clseetatfor.s, looting at her.im imeeso Ltonz-e-~ZO0--a? d small horse p[wer 500. A rumour has Leen cireculate that thie Danish goerFrment had ceded to HEgland the isand of St. Crix. frasiIaxn Te-unrarH sr·r ExEr a.AcsD anJD la? .s.--It is iproable the cab!e will he down hn the 5th Jane, but :be high spring tides of the 21d and 3rd may coase its etlCy a little longr, it is not snpised that, neder ninv eiremstnncs, the comlldtioun ent be del, ylv beyond the toth. Two delpntaicr.s w aLed upon Lord Derby and Sir L. Poineton, for the Irpor;e of urging upon Governmentr, the necee.itr of immediately send ing; out an ndeiate tepply of lioer to AIstra lia. Thee l,:eptatian w-ere from the woollen mrrinactrerrs of the West Riding, who are fear ltl lest the aborption of lalslir by the gold dig ,innr., driild render it imionsible for the sheep farmers ot Anstroli: to continaue theirceupation, and tihus deprive oar mills of the large eupply of cros now frni·bhed b the colonies. Both Lord Derby ael Sir J. Plkington, plesded the impoibihite of finell,; vessels to carry out sa Lrge numhe; of emigratnts i- a brief spacee of time. The Co!onial Seckreltory stated that, the G rertnment atl £312,900 for cedinig ont emi grants to the three colonies of Victloria, New Sooth Wans, and Soeth Aurtraliat butit mest he lamsne ia mind, he alnt, that the more the endeavorured to tlimul.te ontl arcelerate emigr tions, the more expensi-e it woull be. Airiady th Frinr had rbes frorm £10 to £t7 orC16 per lead; and the greatest diflieulty ouId he in finding eliir, nrt i;s lnding meo to go oat. Osae ge tlerran hal saggectil that they selould send out her Mlajelty' hRps; !rnt he was afraid that the nreilabicallipsi, tho a jest)'issoersio were EnrMe Iv adequnate Gr the dctre they had to dlsharge, With these etlaboatiors he ri s nat owore than he conl cay more, eccept to give them the as snranco that Ler 3aje?s,'s Government hadl turned theiraenils etra-tion to this naltjecr. For himself from the moment bl ome into. hm. b ul 1h-hen tn'Y In n rla ta n rý, ;on;r the im' .-a r:' :'in J" te'e ept at!', j ha. in vir,. ihut tl:h i:-ere'-: -.-ýrraely of tl;hL grer: -n!cciea, ni't! i; e :.her were. o Civ .with the vw'faro nr. o rI rOernlt of the mother eoMuntrv. Mr. Fors'er, o-:e- of the dentation, re fir~ to the fact :hýit )in Australin friends cnnsider-! :tat t'r-oas cn ablsae thenae of 4 were more v!lnll;i!e as shep-eirds thaiN those under tiht ?!_. He al.-o u.-aees:e-l thaorijn id: s scicu!d he alowred to ena- in iha e ealiyn tion trade. It cpjWears thet Gorerenment With tbefunnts at their disprol,. iten.l- to send out ei€ht snij monthly for the ,relt seven mcrnths, or ehont 2400 persons a imonth. The Miliia Bill was going throngh the House -of Lonrs. A rmiemcrial bearing the si.natures of nine peers, tifteen Roman Catholie bishops, nineteen bar.nets. fortr-tw. men:bers ofparliane:it, sixty six Ieliut-iieutenants, two, hundr.dd and eighty eijht mn;is:rates, arnl cpýard of one thousand other pIr.o.lS, ,travin her Majesty to panion Mr. O'BSria mf ?.is i? !itil acomanions i exile, i wa presented to the Erl of Eglinion on the 20th Mar. i?s Fcelle:ine did not feel himself iJatified i recniamendiln the praner of the me morial. The Earl of 3tsnsfie!,, "has thi yer been ap pointezl Lrd Hiah CommilRsioer to the General Assembly of the Chnrch of Scotiand. It is tiated th-t the Pacha of Evpt. has en ! gag a tutor to tesch his soma the English lant John .3Greo-r., the me.mber for GIto?r, has becow e the tpropristor --d editor of Tait's 3I gainme. The prire e expendiit:ur of lis Errellen· the Earl of Ezlin:on, in Dhb'rli, is said to avernge SfCly £1,000 ier reck. She e-=le c?pturel from the French hy the 87th Fnril n er, e.t the battle of Barrosa, has ben stolen fioan tie chapel of Chelsea hospital. TIiree diwening-houses in Cornhill. London. with their sites, were receitiy so!d fPr theex trrlrdinary s-um of £32,000, equivalent to £400,000 per acre. The Ladsy Hetd reports that the Austraian steamer 1ift Lor.cn on the Ist, .ad was to leave Plymouth na the 3rd June. The Australian is therefeore Slars oct. Intrty vess*Z, C- "J7--U oas. cavev ialu on at London for Port ( hillip, i-ebIorne, Vie torin, and othcr places in Aunst.lia At Lirer ;ao! there are fifteen vesselh of 14,950 tons, now loailing for tl.e ame dlestiration. E?ery ship h:ich ails is filll with mnigrants A neetnini wns held at the vePtry rooms of the parish of St. Miarlin's in she Fildse London, for the m:srpnse of t-aing into consi:er-atil thie preprietr of lerring a smin additicn2l rat to e;:.iHe the ale-:Icladi- Irpaerr who mihite be wii.'- to da so, to esigrs;e to A rtra:ia. TI:e Gcvernment Emigrftion-ofiice in Lonlon Ido his btee coapletely besiegel hi applc-siits aei:ious to 'rctnre a I Zsoage to Autrlia. The hanl- vcarlv meeting of the Peoinsul-r and Oiiren.al Sesa'Coimennv took place late:yr, .-r;cn the recort was nar;imotcslcsy:Jopt). The j"int 1.r ineipll atiled to ws the contract m.sd i-i'h t!:? Govenr:nent under the new ecr rnr.gement, ineldring the scmmunn.icatinn once every two monthls between Singapore and Ans traiia, tatin t the rwestrn romte via K:?i George's Sonmd, Adelaide, and Melbliir.e. The new vessels which ire being eonstrncted to in erease the fleet of the company are. it is stated, I progressing fatvorably, imd the Bengal is ex pected to be readV Ibfore the cicSe of the pre sent year. The punit:ha of the new serew vessel Foremo., intended for the Arstraliaa line, is also mentioned. Alihucgh the period fl:id for the i convevance of the Australian mails will not ar rive until a:nrrr nexf, the directors thli. it advisable to man e earlvy -ranr menets. It is therefree proposed that tht Chavmn an4 For mtso shall perfarm a few ex:?rimental trips be tweeu Singpore and Sy!nede, to allow opportu .itt fr the necesary orgenizati-n on a route, as vet, whoily new to rteam ravigation. The diSCtreces of Ablihas PIai with the Porte haIin:. teen concltded, the railway will, it is believed, be rcctiely psoreeded with, as well as fi:ther improvements in the trmasi; tLhrouh Egypt. The latest news receied in Engla-nd f-oJm Antralis was to the 31st Jauarv. Lord Charles Wellesley. second on of the Duke of Wellinnton, has issnenl a ndIre-:s o the elae torn of Windior, in whiecl he dicares himislfoto be a spprrter of the Derby Cabinet. 843 petitions bail I-en pree:.tel to the House of Commons for the repeal of the savynooth Col lege Act contatinrsg 309.565 simnatures. 