EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. The following oxtracts are taken from the English papers reccived by the mail steamer: I. Frangois Arago, whose distinguished reput tion Aiid high position as a man of science, inves his opinions with an enduring interest, refuoses take the oath prescribed by Louis Napoleon, am resigns an appointment wlich lhe had held, greatly to the honour of France and the advancement o science, for half a century. The answer of th minister to this resignation of M. Arago is tihe i open and palpable submission of tihe President that power of public opinion which will in the er prove itself too powerful even for his myrinads eagles. The minister infonns M. Arago, by i1 direction of the President, that he is authorised l make an exception in his favour, and that he cmn siders it an honour to announce that deterninatiut to him. M. Arago, therefore, retains his ofice. i the face of a decree to which he refuses to sunscril General Changarnier has transmitted a similar lIte to the minister, in reply to the demand nuade ua him to take the oath of fidelity to the President. A letter written at Venice, from the Connt d Chambord, addressed to his friends in Franc counsels them to enter into no engagement cntril to their political fidtlh, but to remain calm, paticy moderate, and passive, and to abide their timen the restoration of tlhat monamrchy which can l n' in his conviction, restore France to peace and hle piness. There is not a syllable in this letter personal recrimination. The project of an aotatn to affect another change in the form of the tW government is alludeti to, and the royalists at called upon to protest against it by every pa"i means ini their power, but to do nothing to ditu the repose of the country. With a prophetic ti, shadowing of that future in which he thorogl' confides, the writer simply signs himself " HlIrlly In deference to the injunctioms of this letter. it said that the Royalists, as well as the Orlekni1 had a fonual protest ready in ease thie Ilnpire l ueen proclaimed on the 10th. One of the con: queices of this letter is that the prosecutions of tit Legitimist press are revived all over the de meats with greater thry than ever. It is not L l denied, at the asne time, that some of the mists are discontented with a mission which ali i them to a course of inactivity. The President presided, on the 25th Mtt> thle sitting of the council of stato. It is isaid thalt h inquired about the state of the Orleans qumestion rather thie progress made in the report as competency of the court blelow to try it. President was informed thalt the opinion of report was fitrvounrable to the competency ofti court. This intinmaition was, it was added, by11 mains favourably received. A long article, taken from the Ehmancilpaimt Brussels, respecting the reconciliation of the i and younger branches of the Ihouse of Oril cars in La Pas, the organ of thme Elysde. It sksof the fiusion, or reconciliation, as in fact ncluded, and tlhat the friends of the Count de sabord and the Orleans princes have come to understanding on the terms of a manifesto, the blication of which is adjourned for the moment; t General Chnangarnier was on the point of setting t for .Frolsdorf to finish the matter, but was per aded by his friends not to do so yet; and thlat cneral Bedeau lhas become a decided fusionist. Ie Gazettlle de Cologne, of the 21st, also states that Count de Chambord was expected at Wiesbaden th his suite, and that the Orleanists, "having at cir hlead the Dukes of Montpensier, Nemours, and tunale, were to proceed at the same time to Ems, also the Queen Amelie." The example of France in the suppression of the as has been vigorously imitated in Spain. The ater part of the Madrid newspapers have ceased appear. The ministerial papers, the Gazette of adrid, the Espana, and the Orden, alone continue be published. About nineteen journals in the ovices will, it is believed, be under the necessity suspending their publications. An application ode by some of the Madrid papers for a short spite, to enable them to find now directors, has et with a refiusal. The coup d'etat by which the etoral law is to be changed, and the constitution the kingdom profoundly mnodified, has been wn up and agreed upon. The king-consort has sented hlimself from the court, and has gone to eprovinces,with the special pretext of inaugurating ailroad, in order to avoid any kind of moral re nsibility in what is to take place there. The found calm that obtains, and the indifference iti which the public looks upon the downfall of the ily press, has determined the ministry upon im diately putting into execution the long contem ted measure. They have found, however, an looked for obstacle. General Armero, whose quent intercourse and long subsisting friendship h Mon and Pidal, and several of the disappointed litary chiefs, have made Wim an object of sus lon to the astute president of the council, has ussed point blank to sign the decree, alleging that, ith the most important military men in open pposition, any coup d'etat would be fraught with anger. Arnnero has been dismissed. In consequence, it is reported, of the Prussian vernment having received information that the emocratic refugee club, in London, had drawn p resolutions menacing the life of the king, and at it lhad entrusted thle execution to some two or rce individuals, designed by lot or volunteering r thie purpose, extraordinary precautions are opted at all the railway stations. Passengers, peclally second and third class, are strictly ex ined one by one as they issue from the carriages, Sthde constables on duty in the streets are ordered te especially watchful in scrutinizing stranugers suspicious appearance. The first portion of this our maybe unfounded, but the second is correct, Sit may therefore be presumed that extraordinary caution would not be taken without strong olives, no matter what or whence thle cause. The progress of the Emperor of Russia is the sorbing topic. IHis Majesty arrived on the 16th l'otsdanm, where the King and Queen of Hanover ereexpected on the following day. Other German yaleies were also looked for. Count Nesselrodo as also at Potsdam. Immnediately after the nperor's arrival the King issued a decree closing e session of the chanmbers, a circumstance which not escaped observation. Berlin is thrown into state of high excitement lby this visit. It was to re been illuminated for an entire week, and views, in honour of the illustrious guests, not of gioents or battalions, but of whole armies, were ken of. A banquet of 400 covers took place on the 21st y, in the White Hall of the Royal Palace, at rlin. The Czar, wearing a Prussian uniform, sat teeen the Queen and King, the latter, with the al princes, wearing the dress of Russian generals. e King of Prussia, rising from thle table, gave o following remarkable toast:-"In my own me, in the namen of my army, and in the name of I l'Prussian hearts, I drink to the health of his perial Mijcsty of Russia. God preserve him to at portion of his world which he has given him ran inheritance, and to our epoch, to which he is dispensable!I" The Emperor replied, " God save our Majesty!" and a little later rose and saidl, "I oi to the King of Prussia and his noble army." The Austrian governmnent has lately complained that of Prussia, that nulmbers of medals, bearing e effigy of Kossutlh, find their way over the Pper Silesian frontier into Gallicia and Hungary. archcs have been made lby the police, andl several letions of sunch medals lhave been seized. Somne f the emsplolys of thle Prussian government have en disenissed for having similar articles in their isession. The British ambassador in Vienna has presented note from his government to the Austrian esibinct, iwhich the most satisfaetory assurances are given It.if Kossuth should return to England, lie will of be allowed to abuse the hospitality afforded to 1m by making himself the centre of political gtation. The Vienna papers contain glowing accounts of toe Oeting of the Esmperor andt Czar at Pern, andt fteir.reception ast the Viensna railway station. Tile effect of the Emperor of Russia's visit to 00na is manifest in the political gossip to which ha given rise. It is saidl tlt while lie vwas there e expressed perfect confidence ins Louis Napoleon, Ill his idillberesce whlether lie adopted the title of !lperoror, simply retained that of Presidlent. i1 mnust be received as a moere on tl4. The daniif;ience of thle Emperor was unbounded while e reiaineel at Vienssa, in the distribution of ordters itel ducats, and it was remnarked as somnewlhat gifinit of thle friendlship between the two Oeigis, that the Emperor Francis Joseph and SAeustrian Archdukes were dressed in iRussian rs when tlhecy acconmpanied Nicholns to the "y When they parted, the Emperor Nichlolasne rethe Emperor of Austria affectionately, 'aid to him in French, " Remember I am thy tlirough life-unto death." Another of the new steamers intended for the service between Singapore and Sydney, on the bi monthly Australian route of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, is to be despatched from South ampton on the 7th of August, calling at the Cape of Good Hope and Port Phillip. Her name is the Formosa. The Peninsular and Oriental Company expect to commence the service throughout in September. A parcel of 150 tons of copper regulus and ore, from the Kapunda mines, in South Australia, was sold at Swansea on the 26th May, at an average of £46 13s. 4d. per ton, realising £7004. The Australian will take out the engineering and mining staff of the Australian Auriferous Ore Reduction Gold Mining Company. Besides a large body of working miners, the expedition will consist of Mr. Richard Webb, General Manager, and Mr. Frederick Rutland, Mining Engineer. Mr. Webb lies passed lmany years in Australia and Van Die men's Land, and Mr. Rutland has been engaged for several years in the Russian gold mines, as Chief Mining Engineer of one of the Imperial mines in Eastern Siberia. Mr. Rutland will take out some improved machinery constructed under his super intendence. His knowledge of gold mining, and Mr. Webb's local knowledge afford the best pros pects for the operations of this company. Mrs. Chisholm's Family Colonisation Society have taken up the three following ships, viz. :-The Scindian and Nepaul, for Melbourne, and the Francis Walker, for Sydney. The Rev. J. P. Gell, who was for some time at the head of a College in Van Diemen's Land, gave a lecture on the Australian Colonies, at the Collegiate Institution at Liverpool. Mr. Gell is son-in-law to Sir John Franklin, and is appointed Bishop of Christchurch, New Zealand. A letter from Berlin states that the Duke d'Augus tcnburg ihas accepted the offer made by the crown of Denmark to pay him an indemnity of 2,025,000 thalers (8,143,750 france) for his property situated in thle Duchies. Omer Pacia, the Governor in Bosnia and the Herzegowina, who issued the recent rigorous decrees against the Christian inhabitants, has been recalled. A frightful disaster occurred at Bollelaue, in Moravia, on the 30th May. Between 3 and 4 o'clock, when nearly all the adult population were at work in the fields, somne children amused them selves with lighting lucifer matches, in order to play at "processions." By this dangerous amusement the house they were in was set on fire; the flames spread rapidly in consequence of a high wind which was blowmng at the time, and in less than an hour the whole village, two houses only excepted, was burnt to ashes. Three children lost their lives, and upwards of 400 persons are left without a home. On the 3d May, a division of 15 vessels, contain ing 2377 German emigrants, left Hamburg. Of these 1002 were for New York, 835 for Canada, and 540 for New Orleans. This year the Royal Academy of Sweden has caused its annual medal to be struck to the menory of the celebrated Swedenborg, one of its first mem bers. M. de Persigny is announced as about to be married to Mdle. de la Moskowa, granddaughter of Marshal Ney, and of M. Lnfitte, the great banker The Prince of Scliwarzburg Sonderlhausen has published a decree divorcing his wife "by virtue of his sovereign plenitude of power." The Cologne Gazette states, that the betrothal of the Emperor of Austria and the Princess Sidonia of Saxony will shortly take place, and be closely suc ceeded by their marriage. The Empress of Russia, is in a very weak state hardly able to rise from her couch. Her eyesight suffers exceedingly, one eye being very nearly lost. Altogether her vital fiunctions are at a very low pitch, and kept from stagnation chiefly by medical stimulants. In consequence of differences existing between Judge J. COleb Smith and Hon. D. C. Broderick, the parties repaired on the morning of the 10th March to Contra Costa, just across the Bay of San Francisco, where a hiostile meeting took place. The weapons selected were Colt's six-barrelled navy revolvers-distance ten paces-the first shot to be fired at the word, the rest at pleasure. Judge Smith's third shot struck Mr. Broderick's watc'i, worn oni his right side, and, shattering it, inflicted a slight wound. None of Mr. Broderick's shots took effect. After the six barrels of each lhad been dis charged, a parley took place, and the matter ended. Some 70 or 80 persons witnessed the affair, which is said to have been conducted witlh the strictest order and decorum. The half-yearly meeting of the Peninsular and Orientail Steam Navigotion Company took place on the 29th May, when the report was unanimously adopted. Th'le dividend declared was at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum, free of income-tax, but no ac counts were presented, these being furnished only at the annual meetings. The points principally alluded to were the contracts made with the government under thie new arrangemenlt, including the cominu nication once every two montlhs between Singapore and Australia, taking the western route via King George's Sound, Adelaide, iud Melbourne, and ait proposal for providing a fund for the benefit of sea imeni, their widows, nud orphanus. Th'le new vessels which are being constructed to increase the fleet of the company are, it is stated, progressing favourably, anid the Blengal is expected to be ready before the close of the present year. The purchase of the new screw vessel Formosa, intendeld for the Australian line, and the contracts made for two paddle-wheel vessels to be put oin the Marseilles and Malta service, are also mentioned. Altlhoughl the period fixed for the conveyance of the Australian mails will not arrive until January next, the directors think it ad visable to make carly arrangemuents. It is therefore proposed thlat the Chlusan and Formosa shall per fornm a few experimental trips ibetween Singapore and Sydlney, to allow opportunity tfor the necessary orginisetion of a route as yet wholly inew to steam navigation. The differences of Abhias Paslia with the Porte having been concluded, the railwuy will, it is believed, be actively proceeded with, as well Ias further improvements in dthe transit through Egypt. Sir George Bonlian and Colonel Munday had interviews with Sir John Pakingiton on the 31st May, at the Colonial-ofce. Captain Erskino, R.N., had also an interview with the right lion. Secretary. A deputation, on the subject of the New Zealand Bill, had an interview with Sir John Pakington, oin the 1st May, at the Colonial-oflice. The deputa tion consisted of Mr. C. B. Adderley, M.P., Sir Thomas Tancred, Mr. Wakefieoldl, Mr. HII. Sewell, Mr. Moir Crane (Otago), and Mr.Fox. Captain Stanley Carr and Sir George Tyler had interviews with Sir John Pakington on the 31st May. )Despatches were received at the Colonial-omfie, on 31st May, from the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope, the Governors of Hong-Kong and Ceylon, and the Governor of St. Helena. The Home News says: "The establishment of a regular line of communication, by a service of steam packets every second month between England and Australia, affords an opportunity of supplying a want which has long been felt in a colony whose increasing importance seems destined to effect a social and commercial revolution in our system. Hitherto, the transmission of news to Australia has unavoidably been uncertain, and at long irregular intervals. We propose in future to forward by each mail an edition of the Home News, expressly pre pared for circulation in the Australins and New Zealand, containing a complete summary of Euro pean intelligence up to thie hour of thIe departure of the packet. Readers in Australia who desire to become subscribers, may either forward theirorders direct to the office of Messrs. Grindlay and Co., 63, Cornhill, London, or in thIe ordinary way through their local agents, or London news vendors." The Irish submarine telegraphl was completed on 1st June, so that we shall, henceforth, have instan taneous communication between the two countries. From. the returns issued, by the officers of the Emigration Commissioners, of the vessels and pas sengers that have left the port of London for Aus tralia during the past month (May), we find the number to be-vessels, 72; emigrants, 4872. The steam-ship Australian carries out a full and valuable cargo, and upwards of £200,000 in specie, besides no less than 180 ptissengers, of whom 48 are first-class. The Stratheden was to-day (2nd June) reported off the coast, with 9187 ounces of gold from Sydney, valued at about £35,000. The dates brought by this vessel are very old, extending only to the hst of January. The directors of the Great Indian Peninsular Railway Company have just made a further call of 15s. per share, making the full amount of £5 per share. On the new shares of the South Australian Company a call of £2 O10s. Ihas also been made. The University of Berlin has celebrated the 50th anniversary of the nomination to the degree of Doctor 6f IIL Liclhtenstein, the celebrated naturalist, who for 42 years has occupied the chair of zoology. Baron Von Humboldt delivered a speech, in which lie detailed at great length the scientific labours of M. Lichtenstein, who left Berlin for Trieste, from whence he was to proceed to Alexandria. A curious incident occurred to the Portuguese Royal family at Barcellas, a town in the Nimbo, where the house they were lodged at was acci dentally burnt down. Close to the kitchen a soldier was on guard as sentinel. On discovering the fire, he knocked at tihe door of the Queen's bedchamber and gave thle alarm. Their Majesties at once rushed out, the King in his shirt and drawers, and the Queen in her niglht- dress. Her Majesty told the soldier to burst open the door of tihe room where the two young princes were sleeping, whlich he did, but upon her desiring him to convey them to a place of safety, hlie said hlie was on sentry, and could not abandon his musket; whereupon, without a moment's hesitation, her Majesty took the musket from Isim and kept guard until hlie came back, after shaving deposited his young charges in safety. The puunishiment of death has been re- established in the Grand Duchy of Hesse. The bronze tables, bearing the names of the Tuscans who fell in the battles of Montanara and Curtatone, have been taken away from the church of Santa Croce, at Florence, by order of government. T''he splendid carriage called the silver carriage, which was built for Marshal Soult, for his visit to the court of England, and which cost, it is said 42,000f., has just been sold for 19o10f., exclusive of the harness, whichl was sold separately for 195L. The carriage was purchased by a coaclimaker. A gentleman named Luther, director of the ob servatory at Bille, near Dusseldorf, has discovered a niew planet in the space between Mars anti Jupiter. The new orb appears like ai star of the eleventh magnitude; it was discovered April the 17th, at 38 miniutes past 10 ar.. Bille mean time, in 180 degrees of right ascension, and 8 degrees of niorth declination. A small telescopic comet lhas also been recently dis covered at Altonn. Sir Harry Smith landedl at Portsmoutlh on noths May, uand was immediately afterwards visited by the Commani dcir-in-Chief, Sir Thsomits Briggs. Os Mondayv morning he was waited upon by the prin cilpal officers at I'ortsmoutlh, and a conigratultory laddress was presented to himi at is public iseeting convened for that purpose by the mayvor. His speech in ncknowledgment, in which ihe reviewed his cmunpaigns, and enitered into some detail3 re specting the future proslpects of the colony, created a Iprofoundl sensation. Sir iHarryv alppeared to think that the last operations lie had directed had effeetu ally terminated the war; but tihe despatcheslc brouglht over by himself hardly confirln that view of the case. Sir Harry Smith, Laldy Smith, and suite, have arrived at Everall's IIHotel, Allbermnarle-street, from Portsmouth. The interest excited in Denmark about a direct conununication with England is so great, that a new route is abiout to be opened, from Rihe to Lowestoft. In Ireland the harvest prospects are now described, from all quarters, since the fallof genial rain, as asurpassing those of nanny years. A considerable sample of Irish heetl-root sugar los arrived in the Dublin nmarket for sale, and is said to be of an excellent qualtlry. The gross amaunt of fuinds already contriltuted to the Iridsh National Exhibition at Cork is £15,000. Two fires have occurred in bog-land in Kildare, by which emuch damage was done. One which originated in the bog of Betaglhstown, Ifrom the carelessness of turfcntters, spreadtl for a distance of three miiles; not only destroying the surflace of the hog, but sweepilng away crops and cabins leaving tany poor families cdestitute. Tihe Celtic exodus still goes on at flood height over 1100 emigrants left Waterford in a single week, and six other vessels are taking passengers to sail direct from that port to their Western destinations- Newfoundland, Quebec, and New York. A Riband lodge has been arrested in the conuly of Loncford while in full deliberation. Two threatening notices of a violent clharacter one directed to a neighboring protestant clergymtan, andt tihe other to a farmer who hail secently taketn sonie land-were fottnd among the papers. The resident magistrate of the district, committed the lodge to gaol, for trial at the niext assizes. The liberal electors of Belfast have selected Mr. Williami Cotes to come forward as a cotdidate, That gentleman standls pledgetd to the cause of free-lrade, to civil and religious ficedom, and the educational system of the National Board and the Queen's Colleges. The Central Committee of tenant-farmers are actively at work in Downsahire for Mr. Sharman Crawford; whilst the three Conservative can didates, Lord Etdwin Hill, Mr. Ker, and Mr. Vandeleor Stewart, are iunremitting in their COvasrs. It is stated that Mr. Napier is alotut to be raised to the bench; and that Mr. Whliteslide. M.P., and Mr. Joy, Q.C., of the North-east Bar, will be candidates for tihe representation of Dublin University. Mr. Moreat J. O'Connell has contradicted the report that lie intends to retire from the repre sentation of Kerry. The Danish ministry is engaged in a dispute with thie Germanic diet on thie subject of the Hol stein federal contingent. 'Thle diet demands that the King of Denmark, as Duke of Holstein, shall hIold a military contingent at its disposal; and the monarch repites, in viry decisive language, that be hIas as good a right as ithe Emperor of Austria to keep his army " one ardtl indivisible;" and to designate whatever troops hle may please to tihe German service. The' Trieste Gazettlle states that the Turkish and Austrian governments hIave entered into a treaty, by which they bintd tlhemselves mutually to give up deserters and criminals who seek refuge in their respective territories. Nothing new hias transpired respecting the rumoured conspiracy against thie life of the King of Greece, andi its reality is beginning to be doubted. llRumoturs of an intended chlange of ministry are still current, but nothing htas oc curred to show that they are well founded. Brigandage continues on various Ipoints of the territory. Sixty brigands entered the town of Amalioprlis, and pillaged several houses, after which they carried oilff the children of the mayor. but returned them on the following day without ranaom. The Duchess of Nassau, on the 23rd April, gave birth to an hereditary prince. Within the space of righteen months the con sumption of sugar in this country ihas increased by more than one-half, chiefly owing to the reduc tion of duty. A matrimnonial alliance is arranged between tihe Viscount Newark, only son of Lord Manvers. and the elegant and accomplishedt daughter of a French nobleman of Ihiglh rank. The lady is said to Ihave a good fortunIe. The laying dlown of tihe electric telegraph be tween England anid Belgium is to be commenred without delay ; the wire is ready. The line will go from Dover to Nieuport, and nor Ostend, as at first stated. It is stated that a new foturpenny and sixpenny stamp is shortly to be issued fromnt the stampt- office, lwhich will save mtuch trouble in thie number of stamps required to be affixed on letters and parcels. The ex-dictator of Buenos Ayres, who arrived at Plymouth in May last, taken up his resitldence at Elliott's Royal Hotel, Devouport. It is understood it is the generil's itentnion to reside piermanently in the neighblourhood of Plymoutlh. Ile is said to be reducedt to extreme poverty. C.u'u or Goon Horst.-A Cape Town corres potndent writes as follows:-" You will Ihave ob served by thie papers from this, that we Ilave of late years ihad soite severe struggles. I allude in the first instance to the convict question, in which we arnme oft victorious; in te ttext, to our struggle for self-legieition. in which the artfill ntsttceuvrig of Montagu to postpone the introduction of the liberaIl cotstitption accorded us by tle home govern ment haus bieen cletrly troutght to light. I forward you by this oplportunity a copiy of the dlebate on tlhe ianlltiise tjtestion, tand a rtepurt ofthe trial olAndrets Bothn, fiur high treason, which trial T, unmoug mnn ty others, vies* notI as at trial so ttuch tt aginst the indi vitdual nts ngtiest the London t lisssonary Society. I also tirwardi a series tiof letters ipublislted by Rev. Jamentcs Rend, Jun., on the Kat River Settlement. Thie Katir war still perplexes us, and it is likely to do so for somte timle to cisme, notwithsttttndittg Sir Harry Sutithi's assertions on hiis arrival in Englanud, whesi he stated the Kntire were cottp'l5etelt stubdued, aond that hte htad comie oil victorious. I an however glad he reached England before Montagu, who I sincerely hope may never return to this colony. I would certainly caution you against giving credence to the writings of the "Monitor," which is a paper started and mainly supported by Montagu, and well known to be edited by clerks in the colonial office." MaEcIANIcs' INSTITrrE.-On Thursday, Mr. Ewing delivered a third lecture on Phrenology, in which he replied to the objections against the science that had been forwarded to him. They were as follow:-That Phrenology led to materialism; that it inculcated the doctrine of fatalism; that it de stroyed, or considerably lessened, human responsi bility ; that it was opposed to the theological doctrine of spiritual influences; that circumstances and education, not peculiar organization, were tlhe causes of the various developments of character; that the fact that men displayed different tendencies at different periods of life was against the assertion of the science; that, admitting the correctness of the three chief divisions of the brain, the otlhers were too minute to be correct; and that if the science were true it would Ihave made greater. progress. Each of these objections was replied to in suc cession, but to give a mere summary ofthelecturer's arguments would neither be satisfactory nor easy. The hall was crowded. Mr. Ewing announced that he would proceed to the details of his subject on a lfuture occasion. ADJOURNED LICENSING MEETINGo.-A meeting of magistrates was held on Thursday to consider an application from George Smith, for a license for the "Prince of Wales" Inn at Evandale, formerly held by Mr. J. King. This application stood over from the annual meeting, to allow time for the ap plicant to produce testimonials, which were now put in; but they were not considered satisfactory, and the magistrates were all but unanimous in re fusing to grant the license. ExEcuTiON.-At Hobart Town on Tuesday last John Warburton, convicted of rape on a child, suf fered the last penalty of the law. RoBBERY.-On Wednesday night thieves en tered the house of a Mrs. Thompson, in IHampden Vale, and stole several articles of wearing apparel. It is supposed the thieves were in search of money. UTTERING A FORGoERY.-Joseph Lloyd, charged with attemlpting to utter a forged £20 note, was brought up yesterday, and received a sentence of nine months hard labor in chains. EamEzzLEBIENT.-A ticket of leave man in the service of Mr. Barrett, timber dealer, received an addition of eighteen months to his sentence of trans portation, for embezzling the sum of 4s. 3d., the property of his master. He had been suspected, and was at length detected. CAUTION TO CARTEaen.-One of Mr. Ritchie's carters was yesterday fined five shillings for leaving his horses for a short tnime without control. APPOINTarmENT.-Mr. George Dineen has been appointed pozmdkeeper at Longford in the room of Mir. Jones, resigned. ESCAPE O PRIsoNsERs.--WithI reference to a paragraph under this heading, that appeared on Saturday last, we would state that there, was not the slightest intention of reflecting on any of the officers of the gaol; and we have since understood that so far from any blame resting with them, the prisoners in question were not only ironed, but .cross-ironed. PuLIc MEETIsNG RESPECTING IsMMIGOATION. A public meeting for the purpose of receiving the report of the committee appointed to consider the important subject of immigration, will take place in thle Temperance Hall, on Tuesday next. Tari SoUGAR Cnos.-The present crop of sugar at Mauritius seems to he the largest ever yielded in the colony. The total quantity shipped to the 29th July last, was 133,497.053 pounds, against 115,793,849 pounds in 1851. Thie brig Annie brings between 335,000 and 340,000.-Col. Times GOLD OFFICES AT MELnoUsRNn.-It will be seen by an advertisement that Messrs. Jamieson & Moore have succeeded Mfr. J. S. Jolhnston in his business as gold brokers, land and general commission agents, at 15, Great Collins-street East, Melbourne. Mr. Moore is a son of the late Town Surveyor of Laun ceston, and is well known here. LONGFORD IAcEs.-Entries and nominations for the Longford St. Leger and Twvo-ynear-old Sweep stake wvill be received by Mr. IW.Dodery, Longford, until the first Monday in Novemnber. Half-fbrfeit must be declared on or before the first Monday in December. The purse to be given by Mr. John Field, for the two-year-old produce of "Conrad," will be run for at the ensuing meeting. SALE or ENGRAVINGs, &c.-There; is now on view at Mr. Pyle's Auction Mart, prior to being sold on Monday next, a very choice collection of Engravings, and useful and ornamental articles of plate, &c.; Amiongst thle engravings are the Trial ofCharled-the First, and of the Earl of Strafford; Crbmwell Dissolving tihe Long Parliament; Bol ton Abbey in the Olden Time; 'the Canterbury Pilgrims at the Tabard, Southwark ; the First IReibormners at thie Diet of Spires; and several others, including some French prints. The whole of the articles are well worth inspection. SAVINGoS' BAN.-The managers of this institu tion oir about £10,000 at five per cent. Musac.-By our advertising columns it will be seen that Herr Imberg, who arrived here a few years back with anvac, has become a resident in Leanceseon, and announces that he is prepared to give inslructions in his profession.. MIDLAND SIsow.-Tho fourteenth annual show of the Midland Agricultural Association, will be held at Campbell Town, on 12th October. An ad vertisement containing particulars, appears in another place. ROAD MEETINGB IN TIHE COONTRY DISTRIOTS. A meeting of residents in Patterson's Plains, will be held at the aehool-house of the district, on Tuesday next, to petition for some alterationsin the descrip tion of the district. A meeting of the inhabitants of the road district of Glamorgan and Cornwall, will be held at Avoca, on Tlhisrday, tho e 0thi instant, to take measures for bringing the 'new act into operation; and a meeting for a'sltilar puarposa will be held at Riclunhmond, on Saturday, the 25th instant. QUARTER SEssIoNe.-The attendance of the jurors will be required at this coulrt, on Tuesday next, 21st instant. Convxors AT LARGE.-The last Government Gazette contains a list of 290 prisoners of the crown, whose tickets-of-leave have been revoked, the. holders having failed to report themselves at the annual musters in December last. Itis also notified, that as these men are illegally at large, a reward of not more than £2 will be paid for the apprehension of each. SUPREma COURT.-The Supreme Court will sit at Launceston on the 6th of next monthl INonEAsE or SALARIEs.-On Tuesday the go vernment proposition for increasing the salaries of the government clerks, for-the last six months of this year,.was agreed to; so far as it referred to salaries not included in the schedules of the con; stitutional act. The increase is as.follow:-Salaries under £100, 25 per cent under £200, 2b percent; under £250,15 per cent; under £300, o10 per cent. A ROYn VIsITr.-The Melbourne pliFperistate that Prince Oscar, eldest son of the King of Nor way and Sweden, will shortly visit Victoria. BANK Or AUSTRALABIA.-Tlie annual meeting of the company was held in London on 7th June, when a highly satisfaetory'statement of the affairs of thle bank was made. MITTAnY.-A London paper states that the 99th regiment will be immediately relieved. INQUEST AT OATLArns..-It appeared from the medical evidence that the woman whose sudden death was mentioned in our last uiimboer, pre sented no external appearance of disease, but that a warty growth was found in the windpipe, vwhich by falling may have caused death. MUNICIPAL BIrLL.-This bill was read a second time, and partly considered.in committee, on Wed nesday. - . q f' 