LATEST NEWS. Tun simmer Knole arrived yesterday, bringing Sydney papers to the 20th instant, the last ¡day's papers bavin? been obtained At Newcastle. t * The leviathan steamship Great Britain arrived at Port Phillip on the 13th, and in Sydney on the 20th instant. A second "edition of the Umpire says « The Royal Mail steam- ship, Grear Britain, 330Ü tons'/500 horsepower, B. R. Mathews. ,com-' mander, from' Liverpool August 21st, vi» Port Phillip, arrived in' harbour this morning about 9 o'clock. She is literally crowded « ith passengers; but we have no particulars, as our reporter» have i not yet come on shore." The report of the , Great Bräain's arrival afc Melbourne had been previously brought to Sydney by the Pimiera, and a notice of the event will be found in our shipping columns The Great Britain brings a large mail, the Moreton Bay portion of which will probably arrive here by the Soiw, or first sailing vessel from Sydney. We are indebted to the Sydney and Melbourne papers for a summary of the European news, w hicn comes down to the 28th of August. The Great Britain left Liver- pool on the 21st, but obtained seven days later news from the steamer Propontis, At the Cape of Good Hope. Her Majesty the Queen, accompanied by Prince Albert and jthe Royal i'umily, had visited the Netherlands,' passing several days as the guests of the King of Belgium. They had returned to England, and were to go to Balmoral on the 1st September. Parliament was further prorogued to the 21st October; not to meet for despatch of business ; so that a further prorogation nas expected. The Globe stated that Parliament would meet about the third week of November. The harvest, especially in the southern and midland parts of England, had suffered much from the singularly unseasonable character of the weather ; violent and continued rains, accompanied by high winds, having beaten donn the standing crops. \ The Danish Exhibition of Tndnstry had been opened at Copenhagen by the King of Denmark. The Emigration mania did not show much symptoms of abatement, ami advices from the Australian Gold Fields to the middle of May bud beeu received via Singapore. ' On the Continent there was nothing of especial interest, and, generally speaking, the news-going world was altogether quile flat. ^ _ Nothing definite was known of thefuture inten- tions of the Derby Ministry. Wong Fun, a young Chinaman from Hong Kong, had carried off the first prize in the junior' division of the botanical class under Professor Balfour, at the Edinburgh University. When the railway to the Spanish Port of San- tander is completed, it is contemplated to rou screw steamers to and from that port and South- ampton, by which means a person may reach Madrid from London in three days. The Duke of Hamilton was dead. He expired on the 17th of August, at his house in Portman sqnare. The late Duke for more than thirty years hold the position of Premier Peer of Ssot land. Mr. Macaulay, the historian, was'suffering from severe indisposition. Accounts from Jamaica give a gloomy picture of the agricultural prospects and distress of the colony, aggravated by the disease prevalent in various parts. The island had been v¡sited with some severe shocks of an earthquake, which greatly alarmed the inhabitants. The emigration movement to Australia had somewhat subsided. St. Lucia was healthy, and seasonable rains had fallen. The European Times of August 2lst, and the Liverpool Times of the same date, state that colonial wool remained as at the lust sides. I Tallow had advanced 6d. per cwt. at the same date. j The Auysburyh Gazette says the matrimonial proposals of the Prince President have been re- jected, *? the father Prince Vasa, being opposed i to the marriage." A letter from Paris says, " I j am assured, from a good source, that the marriage of the President is positively broken off, and that the rupture is oning to the intervention of Austria. The arrangements for the marriage were so far advanced, that Miss Howard had actually left the apartments that she occupied in the house of the President's private secretary, M. Modquart, and was about to start for England. The marriage being countermanded, the lady has returned to her former house. Prince Louis Napoleon had "rescinded the de- cree of banishment against M. Thiers and that gentleman had returned to Paris. The Col'igne Gazette says Georg6y has been removed to the fortress of Custert, but no rea- sons sssigned for his removal. ' Advices from Prussia state that cholera and typhus fever are prevalent in Upper Silesia. In Landsburgh, within eight days, 60 out of a popu- lation of 800, died, and 130 still suffering. In another small village there were six or ten deaths daily ; and many inhabitants had fled. The number of cases WAS increased by the extreme poverty of the people, and the want of medical aid. At Warsaw on the 11th August, of 485 per- sons attacked with cholera, 175 died. On the í.]2th, of 385 attacked, 170 died. 1300 remained under treatment. A letter from Dr. Lang appears in the Sydney Empi e, in which he details some of his pro- ceedings since his arrival in England, i no1 mung the obtaining of the report from the Chamber of Commerce upon Australian cotton, already pub- lished in the Courier. Dr. Lang had written in the first instance to Sir John Pakington, explain- ing his position and the cause of the opposition of Earl Grey. In this letter he intimated bia in- tention of writing three formal letteif- to Sir John on the following subjects : 1 -On the political changes required in our con- stitution to'render it accordant with the neces- sities of the case and the rights of the people. 2-On certain economical measures required for the general welfare in the extraordinay circum- stances of the times \ and 3-On the Transportation question, and the way in which Greatt Britain should dispose of her convicts in future. The first of these letters bad been written and forwarded, and the seoopd was to he sent next week. In this the subject of the development of the resources of these districts was to be ad« verted to. Dr. Lang expresses great confidence in the good intentions of Sir John Pakington. The following extract from Dr. Lang's com- munication, which is dated "Jjondon, 31st July." will he interesting. Referring to the certificates from the Chamber of Commerce, whioh we lately published ho says :-" I expect another certificate, of a more direot and personal bearing, from the Chamber, to present ' to Sir John along with my second letter, in which Í will impress upon him the necessity of taking a Ivan-, tage of the present excitement in favour of our »* colonies, to direct a cotton-growing population to our const I meafi to ask very little in the »ay of facilities, so that I Jo not anticipate a tefiis«! And as soon as I obtain, a fa\ourable tins«er I shall tit once« set about the organisation of a» extensive machinery tor ¿directing a- copious an«l continuous stream, ot «emigration of- a superior character to our'shores ; for I am quite sure ti at I shall be "able," ;trith the slightest countenance fiom Government, to ensure as extensive and valuable an emigration to our colony as is now flowing to Port Phillip, t I have addressed, copies of the Daily News of the 21st, to tbo Umpire and the Moreton » Bay Courier, in which, I doubt not, the" correspondence on tho subject of my specimens of 'Australian cotton will be repnblisbed as soon as it reaches the colony. Whatever be the «issue, however,'of my application I hate no intention todo any- thing in the w ay of emigration myself. I con- template its lieing all done through the Govern-1 ment. In regard to the subject of my intended third letter, the transportation question, it does not seem to have made any progress here up to the dissolution of the late Ministry, and from what I can hear Sir John Pakington* seems to have taken up, for the present, the mantle<-dropped«by Earl Gre.», as far as that subject is concerned. The gi and omission of the League was that it simply protested against sending "fcpmicts to1 certain colonies-it nevei hinted at what was to* be done with them. Now, I. think I'can supply this omission,and suggest a course that will re-* lieve the Government here ¿t the same time. All I have ever contended for on that subject is, that no convict should heiueforth be sent either to Van Diemen'* Lund or to' any portion o£ the eastern coast of Australia. I believe this will bo conceded, and it is all we ha>e any rig"ht or in- terest to ask. It seemed to he pretty generally believed in political circles in London, that the'Derby minis« try would not survive the coming sessionof Par- liament. The diving bell was about to be used to raise tho English line of battle ship Alicia, which in Oct., 1807, ioundercd on the coast of Jetlandwitb 120O men, chiefly soldiers, on board. At Bow-street Police Court, Lord Frankfort waa charged with having "unlawful!vcomposed.'piint | eel, and published A foul, malicious, rand defama- tory libel of and concerning Henry Lord Lennox." I The libel lind been distributed to clergv mer and others. The servant of Lord Fraiilfort wrfs taken into custody on her way to the Post Otliee with 5ft copies, directed to different individuals. Lore) Flank fort was committed tor trial, but hail waa accepted. Thr statue of the late Sir BobeitPeel was in« augurated at Leeds on the 19th August, amidst an immense concourse of people. Sev ci al case>> of Miiuggled tobacco were detected on board the mai squadron, on the Queen's re- turn from the Nethei lands. 'J he sailors did not anticipate the searching of the ro\ al vessels hy- the custom house ofnceis, and laid in »large stock of cheap tobacco at Antwerp. The Roman Catholic Synod of Ascot had issued! a synodical letter from " the Fathers assembled in, Provincial Council." It points out the necessity and the means of spreading education nnd religion throughout England. The members of the Government were mostly in the country, pursuing the sports of the field or unbending in rural recreations. The grandest affair of the kind appears to have been a horticultural fete given by Sir John Pakington, in the grounds at Westbrook Park, which entertainment was en- joyed by two thousand of the inhabitants of Droitwich. The proceedings of the day were wound np by a cant)e-danse, in which yoting ahd old, rich and poor, honomuble and commoner, muster and w orkman, joined. Sir John Pakington letl off the iliince w ith the wile of Mr. Curtler,. attorney, ot Droitwich, The Port Phillip and Colonial Gold Mining Company obtained its charter on the 13th Aug. The oullion in the Bank of England, on the 13th August, amounted to £21,473,640, which, as compared with the previous week's return, was a decrease of £289,468. The Liverpuul Standard, of August 17th, says "The advices fiom Georgetown, Demerara, confirm the report of the discovery of gold in that colony. Two persons had arrived at different periods within the last few weeks, bringing ac- counts of the existence of the metal in the interior, together with specimens, which sold respectively for 240 dollars and 800 dollars. A party of twenty young white men had already set off on a digging expedition, and the planters were in great alarm, as it was feared that the general business of the country would be thrown into con- fusion " The dispute between America and England, respecting the fisheries, was not yet settled ; and fears of a rupture were intimated. ,The Derby Cabinet is strongly censured by the Times for complicating the affair. The trials of the Stockport rioters had termin- ated. The prisoners convicted of riot were seve- rally sentenced to imprisonment, with hard labour, for various periods fiom two to eighteen months. Matthew Mulligan, who was convicted of man- slaughter, arising out of the riots, was sentenced, to be transported for fifteen years. The Morning Chronicle by some means got hold of a secret Minute of the Northern Powers against the presumed establishment of the Empire, in France by Louis Napoleon, and had published it. This had given rise to much discussion, but the Ministerial organs in Paris had not been able to disprove its imthenticitv. lho wonder was how it had had come into the Morning Chroni- cle''s possession. Sunday, the 15th August, was the day on which it was expected the Empire would be proclaimed,but there was some doubt as to the effect the publication of this minute would have. We have papers from the Cape of Good Hope to Oct. 2nd. The Kafir war continued, but Gene- ral Cathcart seemed to have gained considerable advantages over the enemy. The production of gold in Victoria and the middle districts continued at about the same rate. Amongst the receipts in Sydney we observe 14 ounces from Moreton Bay. The total gold ex- ported from Sydney to November 20th, amounted in value to £2707,142 17s 9d. Flour remained at £40 for fine and £35 for seconds. MT. Mort** produce ctfelifiè" mbjtà no altera- tion in tallow« Som» wo^T. i^'fo^f 1j#cd dip, sold- at his auction at 16d, ntiij i ¿mnlirhwof superior at I7jd. Primo' clip* would command 18d. per ponmj in Sjdney. ^ *. ' i "> .* , Áfcut £200,01)0 in apéelo1 hod been', received IWSvdney Banks in the week' -ending'Ngvem-' tho harvest hail commenced", undVaB i^4fT «abluj- " dont} but there vyaa a grout Want of'haftdktoj&l;?,, ia ii. * . i V,r »áíc« Jí\ie reports from RmgHU ueke favourable It wWsnid that a new and promising field had been found at Bora Creek, on the Gwydir, about nine miles from Bingara. * ''¿The dispute with' the ''Peter* Goa*fray's im- migrants appears to have originated through Mr. J. N7 Beit, so unfitvourublv known for his vagaries at,the Sydney Water Police Office, and who seems to have striven hard to persuade the im- migrants not to come on to Moreton Bay ¡wJ cöruing : to agreement. On his application several of them were brought before the Chief JaVice, by writ of Habeas Corpus, affidavit having been made that they were illegally de- tained on board the ship. His honour, although he discharged them, strongly urged them to fulfil their agreements, which seemed quite binding. Th* Ciptain of the ship, in a letter to the * Umpire, had since stated that nearly the whole "~èf then agreed to do as advised ÔÉ looking over our previous papers we observe the following items of news, which have not befoie boen noticed in this journal On the 24th of Ottober last these celebrated ..characters "John Doe and Richard Roe" ceased to exist in England. By an Act passed in the late session of Parliament (15 »ni 16 Viet. Cap. 76) ¡tia enacted that "insteui of the pre- sent "proceeding by ejectment, a writ shall be issued, directed to the persons in possession of the property claimed, which ' property shall be described in the writ with reasonable certainty". It is estimated that upwards of £50,000 changed hands in betting upon the result ot the Liverpool election, and that it cost the Derby ¡tes upwards of £23,000. Lord Strathmore was engaged in repairing and festering Glamis castle, the traditionary íesidence The North British Daily Mail gives the fallowing statement respecting an alleged dis .covery of -seven feet be&jw; the surface, and in ti e midst , .of sand, a vein of hard gi.welly substance, / in, which minute particles of gold are seen, * lias been Jeuse. The appearance leads to (h j belief that at one tune a small stream h id ru a through the place, and that the particles of go1 a 1 \\*A been washed down from a higher altitude ay the current. The gold has Wen tested, and ¿ia «aid to be of excellent quality, but it is found'in globules so small that we aro afraid the expt /jise «f working would amount to raero than the v «lue .of the gold. We are informed that the pre« H\HIS /motel has also been found in the catting ' ieing nuada at the foot of the I^ung Wmli, for thei new sshops to be erected there. j An impudent American paper, (täte Ijtoston ¡Post) says, " the friends of Mad une Goldsr /hmidt, late Jenny Lind, will be glad toliear-well, no toatter, we don't mention it." / A great will case, "Boyd v Rosb/jfough," which has created great interest in Ireland, was trird at the Wexford Assises, befoie î/fr. Baron Penaefsther- Tfce aatovnt of nrojierf y involved wa« «early £16,000 a year, and some /of the in- cidents of the life of the testator-'he/late Ciesar Oolecloughof Tintern Abbey, were rfc romantic as those detai'e J in Mr. Warren's no M of " Ten Thousand a year." A verdict was .{.Btnrned for *he plaintiff, thereby rendering the will invalid. On St. Swithin's day last a wat /jrspout broke .over the city af Limerick, and dein god the streets in ten minutes. The rain poured d/own like grape ehot. The heat of the weather i>a the afternoon «as most oppressive. / . "Seventeen of the u insurgen'»," as they aro called, of December last, had be p\ condemned by a* Court Martial at Monpellier te he guillotined, for merely resisting the arbitrary usurpation of 1QÎB " Prince President." The sr jntence had created * profound sensation of horro;. The Port Phillip papers /««sert as a positive fact that a "nugget" of /old weighing 47lbs. toad been found at Bendigo/ by two old men, who intended to take it to Ë'iglànd for exhibition This is the largest lump vet obtained in Austra- lia,'with the exception o'/ tho broken bundled weight of Dr. Kerr. / The Geelong people had offered a reward of a hundred pounds for the apprehension of the two ringleaders in the mutiny on board the Georgiana, in that port. A very interesting meeting was recently held in London, of the leading dissenters, to consider ?pon the best method of-providing for the rel. gions wants of Austialia. It was decided to send out as large a supply as possible, of educated and entrgotie men, Qualified to act as''bush" missionaries. A Victoria paper ha« the follow ing, on the very interesting subject of a supply of flour - ** We see/in the commercial article of the Times, minute statements confirmatory of the tact tint the harvests throughout Eurone bave been posi- tively abundant, even in Polish Rnssia, where it had been stated there was a deficiency. This, along with the great excitement produced by our gold newt, autfVthe exaggerated statement« that both wool and agriculture had been nearly aban- doned, for the " diggings," confirms the pro- bability that wa are likely to have extensive Importations of * bread-stuffs" from Engl ind as well as the United States. 