REVIEW. The Bushrangers: A Play in Five Acts, and Other Poems. By Charles Harpur. Sydney : W. R. Piddington. 1853. This little volume contains the most satisfactory proof of the existence of native genius of a high order, that has been yet offered to the public. The production of genuine poetry is nowhere a matter of every-day occurrence. In New South Wales it will be deemed by many to approach the nature of a marvel, and will, at all events, be suggestive of novel reflection to men who, however little given to literary pursuits in the abstract, are alive to every indication of progress, and will be especially interested in the so early emergence of the higher spiritual life in a com- munity like our own. Public interest in the matter will doubtless deepend when it is stated that the writer of this remarkable volume, a native-born Australian, has, we believe, never been beyond the shores of this continent. He has been altogether dependent on the pitiably inefficient means to be found in the country some ten or fifteen years ago (inefficient enough, Heaven knows, at the present moment), for the cultivation of faculties which, in a writer of poetry, almost as much as in a painter, require genial development from without. Growing in a soil and under an atmosphere in many ways unfa- vourable, it will, we think, be found that the in- tellect of this native poet has flowered with a strength and beauty such as give fragrance but to one book of a thousand. The work we now introduce to our readers differs radically from the ordinary class of poetical publications — those evanescent volumes of verse which make frequent appearance, even in our southorn metropolis, and issue month after month in "never ending, still beginning" succession from the European and American press. The main staple of these col- lections of "Thoughts" and "Stanzas" lies in a sort of distorted reflex of moral emotion, bearing no very distant resemblance to a dancing and distended spectrum of the moon on the broken surface of a mill-pond. Poetic labour on this material is not 'infrequently exchanged for tito treatment, sometimes in an elegiac, sometimes in an epic tone, of striking anecdotes, or of picturesque and memorable passages in biography or history-- a fatal and facile mode of composing what may be termed, in school-boy phrase, poetical themes, thrown into literary currency some years ago, by a woman endowed with every grace of soul and intellect that especially consecrates her sex-- Felicia Hemans. A feature, and one by no means least characteristic of these publications, is the absence of all traces of the distinctive personal feeling--the individuality of the writers. This is, however, like various other cavities filled in and levelled by a loose identification of moods, with certain conventional phenomena of physical nature (clouds, shadows, rainbows, moon- light, and the forms and hues of flowers, for instance), which is sometimes digni- fied with the style of "poetic sensibility." In the book before us, the reader will not only find ex- quisite poetry, a rare and delicate imaginative loveliness; but, above all, an impress of character noble and masculine as the profile upon a Roman coin--the stamp of a free, self-dependent, and self-moulded intellect, which, taken as a type of the growing native mind, must exalt every hope for the grandeur of our national destinies. The Danish hero, who had by force of magical spells slumbered for centuries in a subterranean vault, ejaculated with preternatural complacency, when the stones of his prison were accidentally pierced by a peasant, "I see there are still men in Den- mark." We found ourselves, with feelings by no means very different to those hinted at in this Northern legend, tempted to exclaim, after pe- rusal of Mr. Harpur's sonnets and "Tree of Li- berty," and his versified criticisms on Burns and Wordsworth--"Australia shall ere long have Men of her own." Very surprising as the fact will unquestionably be to our English friends, whose notions of our social state--of the elements of a peculiar na- tional existence, gathering rapidly below the shifting surges, the ebb and flow of a many-cha- ractered immigration, are shaped from the shell jacket and kid glove niaiseries of a Lieutenant Colonel Mundy, or the "Notes" of some returned passagère of six or twelve months' flying expe- rience in the Southern World-- Australia has already nurtured in her wildernesses a poet of her own. A poet this of hers, who, despite petty defects of execution lying here and there on the surface of his compositions-- specs on a chrysolite which the lapidary's eye will alone detect--will be one day welcomed by these English friends of ours, with that generous intelligent admiration they give every order and degree of excellence wheresoever found--from the primitive dignities of epic speech in a Hindu poem to the verses of a weaver Thom of Inverary, or the speculations "dark with excessive bright" of an American Emerson. Out of the mental achievements of the native-born, of men who owe to the soil, not only their birth but their educa- tion, flow our deepest hopes for the progress of our country. The material wealth of Australia offers, at best, but insufficient inducement to that more elevated class of immigrants, slowest of all perhaps to come, but the stablest when once here, which was wont of old to carry the finer civilisa- tion of one land to another, and bore across the Atlantic, in Iater days, the rudiments of the purest form of civil liberty. This class will al- ways enquire for proof of a moral and mental vitality in the community they contemplate en- tering and enriching so inestimably with their co-operation, and the only mode of such a proof likely to satisfy them, will be that of pointing to the thought and labour of intellects fashioned on the soil-- thought and labour which may have surrounded the name of a country, once a by- word upon earth, with associations of the most dignified, perhaps of the most beautiful and affect- ing kind. We cannot change the irrevocable Past, but we may even now do much for what shall glorify the future; and in a partial consummation such as this we speak of, every father and mother of a child born in the colony are interested, if they would but see it. Channing never uttered a more memorable truth, and none should be made to sink deeper in the minds of our growing stu- dents, than that the men of a nation are not alone its noblest but its only genuine products. In these Poems of Mr. Harpur's we find an earnest of the success of native effort within the domain of art and ideal beauty. Inspected from the point of view at which we would place our readers, this earnest of success invests itself with the most general interest. It is something to know that New South Wales, "the despised haunt of the felon," is the first colonial settlement whose children, bred and educated by herself, give pro- mise of contributing to the imaginative treasures of English literature.* A personal and peculiar pathos lies in the fact for us, and iwill for most of our countrymen--a charm * We have said New South Wales is the first colo- nial settlement whose children give promise of con- tributing to the poetic treasures of English litera- ture. This certainly appears a startling statement. We are, however, perfectly read in the case we have the honour of submitting to the court. The poetry of America was of cognate birth with her National Independence. It ls shown in the introduction to Griswold's "Poets and Poetry of America," "that prior to the revolution the pretenders to the muse in the colonies scarcely rose to the level of versifiers." Philip Frenau, a revolutionary sol- dier, is usually regarded as the father of American poetry. With the somewhat doubtful exception of Judge Haliburton, of Nova Scotia (the biographer of the astute Samuel Slick), the North American colonies have not only failed to contribute to English poetical literature, but have actually pro- duced no tolerable prose-writer. The West Indian Islands are equally barren in this respect; Monk Lewis, of Jamaica, a poor fugitive existence, whose cloudy shape has long since dislimned on the literary horizon, was an Englishman,--as English as the Pump-room at Bath or the senatorial Bel- Iamy's. We have been told that Mr. Chapman, the best translator of Greek poetry living, was born in one of the West Indian settlements. But even so, Mr. Chapman styles himself on the title- pago of his delightful version of Theocritus, "M.A., Trinity College, Cambridge;" his academic edu- cation coupled with his residence in England has Anglicised him thoroughly. He is as much an Englishman as Hazlitt was, and the West Indies can no more set up a claim to him, than Calcutta could on Mr. Thackeray, because of his accident of birth in that palmy city of curries and cupolas. The difference between such a case as this and those for instance of the illustrious writers born, educated, and altogether moulded in the sister kingdoms of Scotland and Ireland, who have made imperishable addition to the magnificent literature of our common England is sufficiently obvious. whose shy and saddening nature we have no words to lift to an adequate light. The present writer, like the author of these poems, belongs to the soil, and grew from childhood to manhood, environed with dreary mementoes of that moral degradation of our Native Land which men learned in all its horrors, have with a selfishness deeper than the central abyss of Gehenna, striven to recall. We have felt shame and sorrow for our country, and as our British fellow- colonists can after all but imperfectly figure for themselves. It is, therefore, with "thoughts too deep for tears," happy and triumphant thoughts, that we turn to the first intellectual product of a home, darkened when we knew it in childhood, to this book with its lyrical idealisations so pure and profound, of pas- sion and the affections and its grand and sooth- ing images of the starry peace of our nocturnal forests. The columns of this journal furnish scarcely the place for so minute an analysis of Mr. Har- pur's volume as we could wish. We shall there- fore content ourselves with some general observa- tions, and the presentation of a few extracts, which will show more clearly the merits of the book than any words of ours. The miscellaneous poems, the majority of which have been collected from various local journals in which they ori- ginally appeared, are, we think, far superior to "The Bushrangers." There is evidence in them of profounder and maturer thought, of a clearer perception of the aims and ends of poetry, per- haps, also, of a completer mastery of expression. The materials of which the drama is composed seem scarcely to have arrived at the requisite state of fusion in the poet's mind, when he com- menced his labour; at ail events, it is quite ob- vious in the play Itself that they have not been sufficiently wrought up. We may, for instance, point to the character of Mary Fence, a gentle, affectionate creature, the pure child of a pair of degraded wretches, false at heart to the very bushrangers they harbour, and whose plunder they share--Picciola or prison-flower meekly accepting its poor existence between the accursed flags of a condemned cell. Had this character been as deeply and as fully developed as the author might and could have developed it, he would have thrown one new breathing type of a condition of human experience into the world of poetical life. In Mary's relation to Stalwart, Mr. Harpur has, with the subtle instinct of a poet, made such in- fluence over the robber as she had--and this influ- ence was somewhat--spring, not from anything eminently engaging in her manner or person but, with an unconsciousness on Stalwart's own part, from the gentleness of her nature and the pathetic helplessness of her position. Everywhere in- formed with evidence of the author's powers as the ploy is, we can, nevertheless, only consider it as an immature sketch, from which, banishing the incongruities of the shadowy Windsor justices and constabulary, Mr. Harpur may, one day, model on a scale and in a style worthy of his genius. Dramatic compo- sition, with a logic peculiar to itself, with almost a sort of geometry and architecture of its own, is among the slowest and severest of labours, and when complete, as in the antique and in English and German poetry, presents the highest phases of creative art. Turning to the minor poems, the Sonnets, with their fine freedom of spirit and elaborate finish, and the love pieces from page 96 to page 106 of the volume, appear to us equal to anything of the kind in modern poetry. We have chosen the following as specimens of the Sonnets:-- I. His mind alone is kingly who (though one) But venerates of present things or past What he believeth good, kneeling to none Save God and Truth! who awed not by this vast And shadowy scheme of Life, but, anchored fast In Love, and sitting central like the sun, So gives his mortal beams to pierce and run Through all its secrets while his days may last; And thus progressive, little faith hath he For mysteries, till, sounding them, he hear The gathered tones of their stirr'd depths agree With that religious harmony severe Which anthems to his spiritual ear The invisible Presence of the Deity. II. There's a rare Soul of Poesy which may be But concentrated by the chastened dreams Of constant hearts. Where'er the ministry Of beautiful nature hath enhanced the themes Of some Petrarchian mind, whose story gleams Within the Past like a moon-silvered sea, Or where grey Interest the spirit free Of faithful love hath caged in iron schemes, Around it stirr'd such dangers as o'erdrove Long Ruin's storm at last--there evermore The very airs that whisper to the grove, The echo's mystery and the streamlet's lore Savour of Passion, and transfusive pour Abroad suggestions to heroic Love. A Poet's Home," mainly of an idyllic cast, is one of the longest of the minor poems. Full of delicious pastoral imagery, of a deep feeling for rural life, its peace and its pursuits, that give one "leisure to he wise," it subjects all to the presiding emotion, Love, which ideal- ises and ennobles them all, and makes them the equipage and circumstance of a Heaven on Earth. The poem is thus raised from the merely idyllic region to a higher field, and that error in the theory of poetic art upon which purely bucolic in common with purely didactic poetry has based itself, is altogether avoided. The verses "Yes," "Emblems," "To Mary," "The Manifold Hills Forsaken of the Sun," and "Virginal Love," have a spiritual Hesper cha- racteristic of radiant beauty, to our feeling unique. Here are illustrations of what we mean . EVENING AND EARLY NIGHT: FROM A POET'S HOME Then whilst I woodward drove the unharnessed steer; Or for the kine was searching somewhere near, Grouping full-fed in ruminating mood, The sun should light upon yon western hill, Slanting his last beams through the shadowing wood, And up the gleaming rill, To sink at length, and make the clouds above Golden idealisms of the love My heart poured out on Nature, and on her Now waiting me at our peace-hallowed board. Thus placed, who'd care amongst the great to stir, Or with the rich to hoard? The pens secured, the final meal in haste Despatched, though savoury, both should forth to taste Eve's odorous breath, and with renewed surprise, To find Elysiums painted in the west,-- And looking then into each other's eyes Should feet that we were blest. And when the gloaming follow'd evening's flight Whilst yet o'er yonder hills a skiey light Keeps mellowing upward, near to where, first, seen, The glowing Leader of the starry quire Comes wingedly from out the blue serene, Evan like a bird of fire, The hushing bounties of those twilight hours Falling into our souls, as in the flowers' Balm-breathing bosoms melt the silent dews, Should freshen every feeling mild and wise, And thence o'er all our charities diffuse The quiet of the skies. "YES," My soul is raying like a star, My heart is happier than a bird, And all to hear through fortune's jar One promissory word. A sound as simple as the low Quick sliding gurgle of a rill, And yet with power to overflow A world with blissful will! I feel as though the very air Was breathen of the heart of Love, As Pleasure in the sun's bright lair Sat brooding like a dove! A billow of the sunny sea, A cloudlet of the summer sky, How wide is their felicity So widely blest am I! O Beauty, through one little word What boundless power is thine to bless! O Love, a seraph's voice is heard In thy confiding "Yes!" The manifold Hills, forsaken of the sun, Are dusking into one Featureless Mightiness gloomed up with dun, And in the solitude of Heaven afar There shineth a sole star; Even so the memory of one adored With all Affection's hoard, Of golden feelings treasured up for truth In vain throughout our youth, A far bright mystery, still shines apart O'er the wide vacancy of Love's lone heart! "The Creek of the Four graves," a bush tradition, told in a loose rugged blank verse, the choice of which as a vehicle of expression, in- dicates a finer artistic judgment than might perhaps, at first sight, be obvious, will probably best support, on general grounds. Mr. Harpur's claim to a laurel. It has the perfect inward organisa- tion and harmony of a Poem in the severe philo- sophical sense, and is everywhere alive with the creative imagination-- the true "faculty divine," which, dealing with the elemental natures of things, fashions them into novel shapes, or im- parts to known forms now capabilities of action on the sympathies and passions. This character of generative imagination is everywhere present, even in points of detail; alike in the woodland echoes that "came in wonder round the solitary place," when the White man's Saxon speech first broke the silence of the primeval wilderness and in The brisk and crackling fire which also look'd A wilder creature than 'twas elsewhere wont Because of the surrounding savageness." lt we were at all disposed to hazard an objection to this truly noble poem, it would be to one hor- rible circumstance of detail attending the last stockman's death under the savage's nulla-nulla, which we are inclined to think too violent for the serene atmosphere of idealised truth. It is, per- haps, a deviation from that central principle of Eclecticism, which makes all the difference in art between a photograph, with its indiscriminate transference of beautiful and grotesque, and a Gaspar Poussin or a Turner. We should, how- ever, in the present case, be sorry to insist on this objection: Marlowe, or Webster, and the stalwart men of their age, would, to a certainty, have handled such a matter with the same ghastly Inflexibility. Besides, the wild, gloomy complexion of the story considered, and its mise- en-scene of savage solitude, the circumstance is, perhaps, perfectly in keeping. A friend of ours, with a taste the most exquisite, and an acquaint- ance with literature deeper and more universal than we have ever met with elsewhere, has pointed out a passage to us, in the following extract, as perfectly new to him,--as fixing a phase of vague semi- lucent beauty, that frequently suspends itself between the utter extinction of daylight and the peculiar radiances that belong to the night, such as he remembers to have no- where else observed in poetry. And as they supped, birds of new shape and plume And wild, strange voice, nestward repairing by, Oft took their wonder, or between the boles Of the upslanting forest trees they saw Perched on the bare abutments of those moun- tains The wallaroo look forth; till eastward all The view had faded into formless gloom, Night's front; and westward the high massing woods Steeped in a dusk and deepening beauty, lay Heaped all the more distinctly for their dark- ness Against the twilight heaven,--a cloudless depth Yet luminous from the sunset's fading splendour: And thus for a brief interval they looked Even like a mighty picture of themselves Hung in some vaster world. We cannot resist the temptation of quoting the night scene in the forest:-- The simple subject to their minds, at length Fully discussed, their couches they prepared Of the green tresses of the willows near, And four, as pre-arranged, stretched out their limbs Under the dark boughs of the forest high O'erdoming and traced out against the clear Wide gaze of Heaven, and trustful of the watch Kept near them by their thoughtful master, soon Drowsing away, forgetful of their toil, And of the perilous vast wilderness Around them, slept; whilst all things there as well Showed slumbrous,--yea, the circling forest trees Their foremost boles carved from a crowded mass Less visible, by the watch-fire's bladed gleam, And even the shaded and enormous mountains, Their bluff brows glooming through the stirless air, Looked in their quiet solemnly asleep: Yea, thence surveyed, the universe might have seemed Coiled in vast rest,--only that one dim cloud, Diffused and shapen like a mighty spider, Crept as with scrawling legs along the sky, And that the stars in their bright companies, Cluster by cluster glowingly revealed As this slow cloud moved on, high over all, Look'd thoughtfully awake. There is a contour, to our mind, of Miltonic grandeur in the close of this passage. With what luxury of tranquil pleasure would Coleridge, holding Mr. Harpur's little volume in his hand-- an unheard of importation from the Isle of Kan- garoos--have pointed out to the visitor, hanging on his genial accents, as the morning breeze came pleasantly in through leaf and blossom at the open window of the excellent Gillman's parlour, at Highgate, those sections of the poem where the billows of the imagination tossed most saliently their phosphorescent foam on the broad midnight expanse of the general poetic feeling! What indefinite yearnings for mighty sanctuaries of sylvan peace, noiseless and holy as the great ocean at sunset, would Coleridge's very recitation of the lines have summoned into the listener's heart--sighs such as the soft blue distances un- folded by breezy vistas will often bring For a lodge in some vast wilderness-- Some boundless contiguity of shade. To produce delightful landscapes in verse is a very easy matter. Turn metrically, and muta- tis mutandis of course, the mellower "bits" in Bookford's Italian and Portuguese sketches, or the delicately pencilled site- drawings in Talfourd's "Vacation Rambles," and the thing is done. But to figure Nature as it surrounded the lonely stockmen, at this "creek of the four graves," with its relations to the soul of the spectator, with all its dim, shy, flickering significations for him; subtly interblending its own intimations, vague, but powerful and plastic, with his thoughts and musings; heaven gazing broadly and clearly on him, the eternal stars looking down thought- fully awake and the solemn slumber of the mountains and of all things on earth below;--this is the achievement of the Poet. We are ac- quainted with the beauties, too frequently under estimated, of American poetry; we love Bryant with his chaste, exquisitely disciplined feeling of art, his meditative wisdom, and his quiet grace, often deep and tender as the voice of a woman singing at twilight, but with all the majestic woodland landscapes he has painted, in tender hues of springtide promise, or under those gor- geous autumnal lights, denied to our Australian forest, he has never in any of them approached the essential poetry of this. Who shall compute how much excellent versification has been squan- dered on what is called "descriptive poetry," in forgetfulness, rather than ignorance of a cardinal truth--that physical nature beautiful to celestial spirits, perhaps also in a modified sense of the word, to the lower brute creation on this earth of ours, is only poetical in its immediate relation to the inner life and spirit of man. We have only to point out the very consider- able originality of form in Mr. Harpur's poems. There are no mere echoes in them; no parrotry of any sort. He expresses simply and freely what he has to say, often with ineffable grace--"the flower-like nativeness" he has somewhere him- self attributed to Burns. The thought in flowing out seems for the most part to hollow a mould for itself. He has evidently no taste for the singu- larities which are often sought in a new poet, as certificates of his originality, or at all events of his independence of predecessors. The reader will detect none of these reverberations of the pre-eminent poetry of the age to be found in the maiden publications of even the most promising writers-- yesterday the Weber incantations and Rossini melodies of Lord Byron, to-day the luxurious Mozart movements of Tennyson and Elizabeth Browning. Inadequate and in some sort disconnected as our observations have been, sufficient has, we think, been quoted to show in the author of the book before us, what Carlyle has in one of his essays characterised as a true Poet, "A man in whose heart resides some effluence of wisdom, some tone of the 'Eternal Melodies;'" the earliest, let us call him, of those Sons of the Morning who shall yet enlighten and dignify our home, building up as with the hands of angels the National Mind; the first of that file of Australian bards which the late Thomas Campbell saw in evening gleams of poetic prophecy. The book is slightly disfigured with typogra- phical errors; the eleventh line of "The Comet of 1843," is, by the omission of the letter "s" after '"world," rendered absurd. It is, we per- ceive, inscribed to Mr. N. D. Stenhouse, of this city, a gentleman whose fine mind, enriched with the flora of a scholarship rare for its depth, and the grace and catholic breadth of its character, is not as generally known as it should be; the retiring disposition of its owner makes it like Words- worth's violet "half hidden from the eye.'' There is something, however, of a connection in asso- ciations we like in the dedication of the first pro- duct of Australian genius to the friend of De Quincey and John Wilson. We close with a strain which even had Mr. Harpur, sung no other, would bave obtained him a seat among "the serene creators of Immortal things," and which once elicited notes of kindred sweetness from ths poet of "Moribunda," and "Intellectual Beauty," our gifted friend Mr. Henry Halloran— TO AN ECHO ON THE BANKS OF THE HUNTER. I hear thee echo! and I start to hear thee With a strange tremour, as among the hills Thy voice reverbs and in swift murmurs near me Dies down the stream, or with its gurgle low Blends whisp'ringly, until my bosom thrills With gentle tribulations that endear thee, But smack not of the Present. 'Twas as though A spirit of the Past did then insphere thee Even with the taste of Life's regretted spring Waking wild recollections to evince My Being's transfus'd connexion with each thing Lov'd, though long since! It seems but yesterday since last I stood Beside the HAWKESBURY even as now I stand By the swift HUNTER, challenging o'er the flood An Echo thus, but with a glorious brood Of hopes then glowing round me and a band Of schoolmates and young creatures of my blood All quick with joyousness beyond command! And now, with that delightful day, O where Are those quick joys, glad mates, and hopes of good? Echo, declare! Thy voice comes o'er the waters in reply, To fade as soon! And all their young delights Decay'd (as thy peculiar accents die) In the dusk vaIleys of past days and nights, To be renewed not, like thy mystic chide! And one to the other of those joyous creatures, (Now burthened with their manhoods) in the wide world's separations, even the names as features Have faded so away! And, so, at Iast Have all those glorious hopes bocome but lonely And dying echoes of the hollow Past— All but one only! And this around my being only strays Like a recurring sound. 'Tis that when o'er My Country shall have swept the ripening days Of centuries, her better sons shall prize My lonely voice upon the Past; but more That to her daughters as with lustrous eyes Bathed in the azure of these self same skies, They'll gaze upon my page, even then my name (Now nought) responsive to the loving swell Of their full souls and winnow'd of its blame, From Time's dim void (an Echo) thus shall come! And wheresoever Love and Song may dwell, To live and die in sweet perpetual doom, Over the flood of ages,—still and still the same! And in this hope the recompense is great For much I lack, for more that may annoy, Crowning me oft 'mid these dark days of Fate With joy—even joy! TAHITI.—The following extract is from a let- ter recently received by a Sydney merchant from Tahiti:—"I fear that vessels calling here from the colonies will now be few and far between—none of those en route from California from your quar- ter touch here, but go to Riatea, Huaine, or some other of the independent islands—the vexatious regulations of the French completely trammelling commerce. As to making this place a depot for the Panama steamers, it is impossible, unless some of the obnoxious regulations are repealed; for, under the present laws, they could never transact their business with that despatch neces- sary for a mail steamer. People that are not here have no idea of what goes on in this little place, and would scarcely believe that, in these civilised times, unfortunate natives are imprisoned for not being willing to change their religion from Protestant to Catholic; and that about two months ago, being roused to despair, the natives killed a gendarme, who wished to arrest them, and that already five have been hanged for the offence, and 120 have been taken prisoners, and made to work on the roads. When I see you I will tell you things which will astonish you, and which I dare hardly trust myself to commit to paper. The present Governor is most unpopular even with his own officers, and is doing his best to ruin the place." LANDED PROPERTIES.—Messrs. Bowden and Threlkold offered yesterday a farm of 200 acres at Cabramatta, which was withdrawn at 28s. per acre. The leasehold property in Campbell-street was sold at £350. SUPREME COURT.--The case of Clark v. Terry, was continued throughout the day, but was not concluded at the rising of the Court, yesterday evening. The arguments will probably terminate to-day. EARLY CLOSING MOVEMENT.—In pursuance of an advertisement in the daily papers, a meeting of cabinet makers and joiners was held last night at the Glasgow Arms, in Pitt-street, to concert measures for leaving off work at 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. About sixty of the above crafts were present, and Mr. Dobson was called to the chair. A first resolution was proposed, pledging the meeting to a peremptory demand of their claim on their employers, but was after- wards crushed by an amendment for adopting a respectful remonstrance for that pur- pose, and which was almost unani- mously carried. Owing to the extreme leniency of the Chairman, the useless practice of cross-talking and irrelevant remarks were indulged in to such an extent, that though the meeting commenced at half-past eight, it was half-past ten before any business was transacted. Another proposition was eventually carried with only two dissentients, to the effect that in the event of the employers' non-compliance with the request, the workmen should discontinue work- ing for them—a proposal almost precisely similar to the one they had previously refused by the adoption of an amendment. The publication of the intention of the meeting in the daily papers was afterwards agreed on, and the meeting broke up at half- past eleven o'clock. The suggestion of a collection among the company for defraying the expenses of advertising was promptly re- sponded to; but the absence of any cordial union founded on mutual, or even self-respect, was painfully evident throughout the proceedings. The deliberations were still more injured by the unnecessary introduction of pipes and nobblers, lowering the character of the assembly from the dignity of a respectable meeting to the level of a tavern carousal. 