ENGLISH ,\KW;S. By tKo arrival . of the : Victoria steamer, we t.ave'Knghsh intelligence. to the middle of June — the following aro tho most important items : — We quote the following from Lloyd's WiiliKLY NEWSFArEn, having reference to' an absconding creditor who was hitely cnptuvoil in lileU-ourne, and has now as it will be seen been brought to tritil : ? CArTDRB OF AN AllSCONUIKO CltEWTOa IN ?Acstkaha. — On M^onday, Stewart Stfvehson Spriggswus bn ug'n up in custody of Fulcor.or, charged under the 12th and l3th Victoria, cup. IOC. sec. 261, with not having surrendered, ho being adjudged a bankrupt, within forty days of the Hat in bankruptcy. It appeared, from the statement of Mr/ Prentice, that the prisoner was 11 partner in tho firm of Ashton and Spng.-s, wholesale button and trin ming manufacturers, of Ajdermaubury, nnd in tho beginning of Sept. last absconded, taking with him between £2000 and £3000, consisting of all thu ca-sh the firm had* 011 hand or at their hankers.' As soon its ii'wiis dis covered ho was gonr, tho firm bectime bank rupts, nnd the Comrr iss:onur issued a ? v a 'runt for his apprehension, and it was placed iu the hands of Fulcoiier, who forthwith proceeded to Australia, and captured the prisoner, with the hulk of money still iu his possession. He, how ever, g'uve the officer ' considerable trouble over1 theiv, and occasioned great expense to thoassip 1100.'. Tint statement of Iho learned counsel having boon borne by the evidence adduced, Alderman Lawronce sad he felt no hesitation in committing the - prisoner for trial :' but as the depositions were not prepared, he would remand tho ciiko for 11 few diiys, aud with regni'd-to the question of bail, he did not feel disposed to no cept any security for his nppearanco whilu he liad him in custody ; und if ho was particulurly desirous to put in bail, he could do so by going beforo tho judge lit chumliovs. From the samo soitrce, wo tako tho suhjoinod di'scription of Mr. Vnndcrbilt's steam-yacht. Tho public were admitted on board thegijfim ticstcam-yncht, the North Star, belonging 10 Mr. Wn lerbilt, nn American gentleman, now lying in Southampton Uoek. The saloons and furni ture appeared magnificent in the extreme. Kvery ihing on board tho North Star is Amorican ; and it is very evident thutin many of the us-ful nnd orniimentiil arts thu Americans nro our equals in point of taste nnd skill, .jho mudu one of the quickoft passnges across the Athuitic on record, and consumed only Jifiy tons of coals a-clny, whilo the consumption ordimtrily in such stonracrs is from. 70 to 100 tons daily. She has been enabled to traverse the ocean with such speed ut no little expense, by her being, driven by what is culled 11 heiim- onaine, tin American invention, which has never before Wen used to cross the, Atlantic The fortune of Mr. Vandcrbilt is estimated in Amcrivu lit nine millions of dollars, or very nearly two millions sterling. Ho has risen from tho ranks. The installation of the Earl of Derby ns Clmn cellur of tho University of Oxford t»ok place on the 8th of Juno. Tho reception of tho Earl of Derby, in spite of tho too obvious prominence given. to political ? aims und designs iu tho copi ous list of pai. tisun doctors and graduates wllicli heralded his advent, had been everything that whs to bo oxpocteil from tho ardent championship of his friends, and the genorotts chivalry of hie cp ponoiits. Tho suspension of Mr. Arthur R. ITomcrslinm in thu English wool trado, was announced on the ISth Juno. The amount of liabilitUs hud n_-r boon stated, but it was supposed., to bo about £30,000. Tho.iiuntntion of gold at Paris wns about at pur (according to the last tnrilT), which, nttho Englieh Mint price of £3 17s. 10id. per ounce lor standard gold, gives un exchange of 25.17 ; and the exchango at Paris aud London at sight being 25.05, it follows that gold is about 0.48 per cent, dearer in Paris than in Lon don. : My advices from Hamburgh, the prico of gold was 4.27 per mark, which at the English Mint price of £3 17s. lOjd. per ounce '.for standard gold, gives an exchango of 13.6 f and the ex chuiige at Hamburgh on London at sight being 13 5j, it follows, that gold is 0.12 per cent dearer in Hamburgh than in London. ' Houses for exportation .' are all the rngo. * tho following is from a Glasgow paper :— -'Wo had tho pleasure n few days ago, of examining cne of those houses built by Messrs Chnplin and Co., Stobcross-street, for Mr. Joscpli Thompson, of Sydney, who was for. ko many years in tho Ikiuso of Messrs. J, and W. Campbell and Co., of this city. It is one of tho finest nnd most com pleto structures of this class of modern architec ture we have scon, boing constfui'tod- for a dry goods store and dwelling house. It is composed of. two separate parts, the one having n frontugo of 55 feet in length, by 25 feet in breadth, and 2 storeys high, The upper portion being intended for a dwelling-house contains seven sleeping apartraonts.and several sitting-rooms the ground flat forming part of the store in connection with a back branch, which fits in with tho lower part of tho front building, thus giving storage room of 85 feet by 26. Amid the brick walls of Sydney this building will havo quito. a palatial appoar nco as regards its 'exterior, while, internally, its aceomodations and fit tings might well suit a pi incc. We mny justly state that tho building wns got up five weeks from dh(e of order given, and on the very dny tho buiitlcr had. promised to -havo it finished it whs shipped on board tho Hugh Wnlker then lying at Broomioluw. The trustees of tho Female Emigration Fund, established un icr Mr. Sydney Herbert's presi dency had determined on vcy widely extending tho scald of operations Upwards of 1200 needlewomen having been scut to tho colonies, and £24,000 thus expended, it has been forind that those of their cluss are better employed, and the desiro among them to emigrato considerably less. At a recent meeting, the Right rion. Syd ney Herbert occupying tho chairj it was deter mined thut the advantages of thb fund should be extended to nny woman desirous '. to emigrate, without distinction of age, residence or occupa tion, unon a paymeiit of £22 for each emigrant, being at tho scale of nearly £10 less than tho presont rate of charge for intermediate passen gers. The first party of emigrants upon tho new system wero to bo despatched in ono of Messrs. Green's first-clnss ships; nt the latter end of July ; and,- 'nn*; arrival in nny of tho Australian colonies, they were promised ' all tbo advantages of the Government-Homo and the Immigration Inspector's experienco and counsel.1 On the 8th June a communication had beenro coived at Lloyd's from the Danish consulate, an nouncing that the submarino electric telegraph cable had been successfully laid down ucross the Great and Little Dolts. This line of telegraph, in connection with the Dutch telegraph nnd tho submarine' cable, extending from Orfordnes3 to Holland, opens up the electric communication botv-cen London and Copenhagen. Thu Dublin Exhibition.— -Tlie.reducod state of prices haying become moro generally known, the building has presented a busier and more crowded npponranco Hhnn previously ; ?. numbers having availed themselves of the opportunity thus afforded them' br witnessing iho many wonder ful objects. contained in the: industrial- templo at the rat« of] s. admittance. The great hell ban e'pccinlly presented a thronged tippi r iinee, and the ttalleries have assuinud n moro lively aspect than hiis been presented by them ut tilmost uny period since the opening day. The.iiumbiT ? 01 visitors wits on Tuesday 7783, upwards of 2000 more than attended on M..iuliiy. Tiip'Camp at Cuiiham.— Woolwich. June 8'. — The Queen's pinilllon whs taken put qf'store at Woolwieh yesterday, nnd has been scV'up on Greenhill, a place within tho boundaries of the garrison. «nd in front of the new schools at .the north-west gate. The pivyillion has not been usod, it is said, since the visit of Queen Charlotte, hut it is now to bo. put into good cuuditiun hero, previous lo its been tuk'-n to Cohlituu'Cnmrnon, ?ud erected there, as it in intended, that Her' Ma jefity, Prince Albert, the Oommander-in' Chief, und' the Muster-General of the Ordnance will he present on Eeveral occasions to witness the en 'cninpmcnt and evolutions, reviews, and sham fights, which will take place to instruct the troops in the duties that would be e.xpectel of them in actual 'warfare, and n large supply of blank Cir tridge will : bo issued for that purpose; The Queen's psvillinn is CO feet long by tibmit 15 broud' with two entrances covered over, ono at tho oust nnd one at the west end, each about 20 foot in length, making a total length of about 100 feet. The roof in front nnd back is supported on eight arches, tho two cv'ntro .arches being large, and tho three arches on each sido of tho centre archos being of smaller dimensions. Tho can vass can bo thrown open from any or the whole of tho nrchos, to afibrd an uninterrupted view iu front and iu the rear j. and the Uoorini; is com posed of timber frames formed of deal, about 6 fset long by'four feet broad, for the convenience of being carried on waggons/Che mnrq'iee for the Master-General was nlso set up nr, Ureenhil1, but it li'is been taken down nnd forwarded to the place, of encampment on Cobham Ouniuou. It will take several days to complete thu Queen's pavillion, so asto render it ready to be sent to tho earn p. 