Missing Friends IF this should meet the eye of Charles Baker he would much oblige his brother John by addressing a letter to John Baker, at Mr. Officer's Station, Mount Talbot, Upper Glenelg. 41861 BEN NEVIS.-Charles Daws is requested to communicate with John Poot (of Not- tingham), Kardinia-street, Geelong. Any in formation of him will be thankfully received. 42394 WHOEVER will point out Mary Taplin to John Taplin, and where she is stopping, shall receive £5 Reward, dead or alive. John Taplin, Canvass Town. 42159 THOMAS TYLER, or his sister Esther, from Seagry, Wiltshire, England, will find their brother Hendry, at Mr. Robt. Carmichael's, Great Easey-street, Collingwood. 42022 G. AUSTIN, who resided at Mount Plea sant, near Melbourne, in March last, is requested to communicate with Mr. J. C. Riddell, Nicholson-street, Collingwood, with out delay. 41986 IF this should meet the eye of Robert Irwin, he will hear of his brother John, by enquiring at Mr. James Hemphill's, Elizabeth- street, Melbourne. 89866 IF a young man, who lived for a short period '"*& Se House, Warcool, and who appears to have been known there by the name of 'F,«5iJlli)«S7 but who will recognise his rea name under the initials A. M. E , will apply to the undersigned, he will hear tidings of his friends and something further to his advantage, Ross and Clarke, Solicitors, Bourke-street Melbourne. 40219 NOTICE.-Nicholas Close, that went about four months ago to the Ovens diggings, is requested to return to Melbourne immediately to John McMahon, Collingwood, 40091 SHOULD this meet the eye of Richard or James Stephens, natives of Manchester, they will hear of their youngest brother by ad dressing a letter directed to him, at the Farmer's Hotel, Little Collins street, Melbourne. 40449 NOTICE.-Adolphus Henry Meek, who left Liverpool in the year 1844, in the ship United Kingdom, for Sydney, is earnestly requested to write to his brother, Vincent Meek, care of G. D. Gill, Flinders-street, Melbourne. 41014 ST. ANTHONY CORNWALL. - Mr. Richard Polwhole, passenger per Banga- lore, is requested to send his address to Messrs. Griffiths, Fanning, and Co._40926 SHIP PERSIAN.-Frederick Thompson, who came out in the above vessel, will and his brother Richard at tho Sixth White Hill, Bendigo, near the American Store. _41025 BIP JAMES CARSON.-Mr. Cuthbert Soholefield is cat nettly desired lo com- municate immediately with Hinchcliffe and Walker, contractors, A«hby, Geelong, or Mr. Thomas Hargreave, Johnston-street, west, Col ' lingvtood. 42446 IF Mr. Henry Alton will leave h's address, or communicate with the undersigned, it will greatly oblige er quiring friends. P. Juät and Co,, Flinders street 42469 INFORMATION requested concerning Tho- mas Cogan Norman, fiom Broomfield, Somersetshire, who left Plymouth on the 11th .of Mareil, 1843, on board the ship Adelaide, for Port Phillip. Ho is about 25 years of age, and liable to fits. If ho bo alive, he is requested .to write to the Commissariat Officer, Mr. Bowor, in Melbourne ; or if he be dead, any informa- tion to that effect is requested. 42494 Is" Ciotain Henry E. Linsdowne, of Bam Btaplo, will i«»~ ),i« _ddro>B at the office of this papor, he will hear of his ci,ustu Fr«a<> rick Garter, .of Bristol, who has letters for him. 42-)75 IF this Bhould moet the eye of Edward Gar-. diner, of Livorpool, ho will please call on James G. Alartin, at Mr. J. B. Kelleher's, ironmonger, 147, Eluabath-street. 42486 SHOULD this moot tho eyo of John Thorp, he will hear of his sister Sarah, by ad- dressing Post Offico, Ba\wat. 33563 ROBT. Patrick, from Kilmarnock, Scot- land, will find h's brother James, lately frem New York, America, at J. Wood and Co's. bakery, Kangaroo Flat Bondigo. 41026 VALTER Purdie, and Alexandor Brown, per ship Diadem, w ill find John Wood by calling at the Kangaroo bakery, Bendigo ; if not at Bondigo, they will please write to post-office same place. 41028 ROBT. Palmer, squatter in the Alurrim bidgoo district, will find a letter at tho ?jost office for him, fiom Bendito. 41027 IF James Begg, son of Dr. Bogg, Free Chuich Minister, of Edinbuigh will call at Messrs Raleigh, Locke, Thorp, and Co 'a, Wharf, ho will soo arolatirn who will relieve him from h's p.csent embatrasmonts.-May 19th, 1853. 43j85 IF thiB should meet the oyo of John Baker, who is supposed to have ai rived in Aus- tralia fiom the East Indies, ho ia íequested to forward his nddio.is to A. B. C, m caro of the Jost Alastor, Balaarat. 34374 ÎF James Lancaster Ranking will call or write to Mr. Aittdge, at Rannard's Storo, 'Great Ryiie-Btieet, Collingwood, he will hear of his Father, who is in this country. S4005 JOHN CARTER MOORHOUSE, from Knotriiigley, Yorkshire, is earnestly requested to write to his brothers Benjamin and Thomas, at the Á)¡¡\u office, Balaarat. 35606 MIUUAEL ind Edward English, who carno from OP. nmel, and left Plymouth, by tho chip Forth, in IH41, w ill hoai news from their mother, by applying at 119, Collins itrc.t, tost. 42503 IF Mr. and Mr» Pan who carno out to this eoli ny in th < Eliza' oth ft oin Bustel, will «allât Mr. Loes,Mirri Cteek, tiny will nicol Alary Hiingor. 43166 RICHARD and HKNRY BURT, of Laun ecstuii. Coinwa'l, will p'easo c mtmini cato with their biothet John, mohtor of the Harriet Hopo; *a«'dr>8s, cara Mtssra, F R Walltn and Sons, Alelrmiimo. 41019 ABbjiîDKftN.-linoh mtio-s.-Alf Ala-sie will fui.l obliged by the Messrs, Alitclioll oaving the pate» I ad ii cm» c1 to him at tue boro ol Mes-rs Thomson nndDurcm.Bourko c'loot, Melbourne, opposite the Pistl ffico, ' ?, 41045 I ¿HIP OTTILLIA.-Mr. J. J. Gillott, k) (suppisd toboatFo'cst Crcok ) ««rita immediRttly to n. S Burney, caro of Mr. Green, (fold CommWonor, Balaarat ; or to Mr. Georg« Droadhuist, Stoiokeepir, Marion streut, Collingwood, ns theio aie lettes fi. m lîntfaiid._43908 .TTJER S'TIP, Thomas Lowry.-Honry * Uaathoin, should th's meet youroyo, comtiuiiitcato imm"d ately with your biother Sidney Jhuihoin, 139, King- stioet, cornoi of Great Bourke-shoet, Milbourno. 42902 CHARLES LUCAS -Your mother has ar rived here by the Prince Arthur, from Liverpool, and will be glad to see you ; address Mr. McNeilage, care of Mr. Reid, Bedford Store Collingwood 42818 HECTOR .,iAR I IN and Junios IS liston botli f om Bj dtioy-should ¿ou st o thi advortttonient, put youiselves in immediate, communication w'th ¡Mr. Alfied Hughes, 0iro of Mr. W. Powell, iionmmicor, Swau-ton ttroat, M"lioumo, an hu has moBt importnni news you. 42e4ft GUSTAVUS EVANS i.IDDELL, s n of Lieutenant Liddell, R.N., of Bodalii, Cornwall, is cam stlv solioitod to communicate with tho Rev John C, ey mons, Viet'tia Paiado, Collingwood, t'rough whom he will receive important intelligence from his parent*, . 4S0:0 Missing- Friends. GEORGE B. HUGGONS heard «a ti deep regret'tho death of Is dear friend George Matthews, and ia anxious to hear from his sisters Jane or Ann; address Po6t-cftice Bondigo. _ 42842 WG. MASON, Wooa Engraver, yon . brother-in-law has arrived ; direct F H. Whiteman, Post Office, Melbourno. 42784 WILLIAM or JAMES WILLIAMSON, le te of Hobart Town, are reouested to write their nephew, Charles Dunnot, builc'er, 0 ConnBll-street, Ashby, Geelong. 43,27 NOTICE.-This is to inform Ellen or Salins Cook, formev'.y of Gloucestershire, Eng- land, that they ran hoar from their biothoi William, by writing to the Post-oflica, Mel; bourne. 43136 COSSIPORE.-R. A. raatmore may near of his biothor William by addressing a letter at 147, Spring-street, Melbourne. 43177 HENRY BENDING, of Exmouth.-Your nophew, Henry B. Sheppard, is in Melbourne, and wishes to know your address. 43 "06 MR. WILLIAM JOHNSON, late of Cal- cutta, pa'senger per Formosa, from England, is requested to call at the offics of Win. ilammill and Co., 92, Collins-strcct, weat. 43261 AMOS DREW, ESQ., passenger per Kent, from London, will oblige by clung on Mr. Edward Whitby, 25, Flindots-lanc, eist, as oarly as possible 433 Ï! IF Mr. OSViLLE does not pay the aireáis of board due Mrs. Crisp, Hill's Cottages, Palmer-street, Collingwood, within fifteen days, his luggage will bo sold to defray expenses. 43330 Board and Xiodglng-. RESPECTABLE Young Men can be ac- commodated with comfortable board and residence, at 175, Great Lonsdalo- strcet, east. 42524 C1T3Í of Melbourne Cooee Roasting J£stnb lishmont, Litt'e Bourke-stoct, between Swanston and Elizabeth-streets.-John Carr is now prepared with nsw and improved Ma- chinery for roasting any quantity of coffee. 42641 COMFORT, cleanliness, and respectability These three requisites may be obtained at W. Francis's, the Great Britain Boarding house, 87, Swanston-street. Luggago earofully stored. Tenus moderate. 41041 GENTEEL BOARDING ESTABLISH- MENT. To Merchants, Respectable Gold Diggers, and Immigrants. THE above may obtain comfortable Board and Residence at Mrs. CotterilTs, Mort! mar's Buildings, opposite the Cemetery, top ol Elizabeth and Queen-streets, Molbourne. The house is large and commodious, consisting of 14 rooms, and a largo dining marquee, 40 by 20 feet. Tho premises are in a beautiful and very airy situation, and are within five minutes' walk of all the public places of business in the city. N.B.-Luggage stored, free of chargo, during tho owner's stay in the establishment. 36866 THE Port Phillip Boarding Ebtablishmon is now opon. The premises are conve- nient to tho wharf, and near the Church, Little Collins-stroat, west. Luggage stored. 40339 BRIGHTON Cotta¿o, near tho Collingwood Hottl, Gore-streot, Collingwood; Mrs. and Míes Streeter ; Board and Residence. 41776 ßOARD and Residence, tor two gentlemen, in a quint family, in tho most healthy paît of CollingwooH ; no children ; apply to Virtue and Sons, Grocery Stores, Geitiodo street, Collingwood. 43293 COMFORTABLE Board and Residenco. Three or four gentlemen con bo accom- modated in a private family, Collingwood; reference, Mr. Lynch, Air. B annin's, wino and spirit mo.chant, 9, Great Boutkc-itreet, east. 429G8 TWO GENTLEMEN, of quiet rogular babils, can bo accommodated, with or without boarr1, in a smill family, whore thero are only two othord taken ; apply 40, Littlo La Trobe itreot. 43009 BOARD and Rosidcnca.-A married coupla, or two ladies, can bo accommodated with the above in a q-iiet family. For part'culars apply at 37, Swaiiston-stieet. 42906 PERMANENT BOdRU for Threo or Four bii.glo Gentlemen, at R. B. Mantle's, Giren Cottage, Charits-strcet, near tho Crown and -iHohor, Collingwood. Liberal table, mid' moderate tei ms. 42891 TPEE JURS ti Y BOARDING HOUSE. JL A few Gcntiini'.n can be accommodated with lcpcctable boam and lcsidencu ; apply at Mr. Roe's, op osi'e La Trobe Inn,Littlc Biuns wick-streat, Collingwood. 42SG7 GOOD Borrd and Lodging on ttasonable terni', nt the old O'tablishcd house, No. 9, Eluaboth-btioot, opposite the- Water Woiks, by E. Insloy. N B-Luggage carefully fitorod. 42821 BOARD and Lodging-Comfortable accom niodntlin to lo o'.t-ined at No. 135, Little Collins-street, ea t, thi'todoois dorn the laño. 42540 BEDS, lu. (id ; plate meat «ni vegttab'cs, Is 3d ; cup of tea or coffee, 31. Bruns- wick Cuffeo Rooms, next Brnn-wtck Hotil, (now hutlding) Btunswick-strtet, Colling vr-od. Jas. Ainsworth. 43J0J AGEN l'LEMAN is desTuiis of obtiinin Board and Lodging for himself and motlui, in a respcclablo private fa'nily; rd drcs«, with terms, d.c , J. O. T., ollie« of this paper. 42917 BOARD and Rosidcnce fur two Gmit'i man in a private f milly, noat B'linswich^s'icot, Collingwood; fui addicts enquire of Mr ilat wo k1, baker, Mool-rtrott, Collingwood 43 S3 RliSPECTABLrS B.inirt und Lod^inj, in one ot the most hialthv sit'iatlmis in Melbourne, at MrB. Ga io's, 1!6, LiiTrnbo ttre t. east. 43290 BOARD iiiid R-ridenco, «upjuor nccommi di'ion, thooiful society, mid all fie o m f its if n linne, may bo i biiiintd at Airs Dotigla-'s, 198 bt'qhnn it o t. 43156 ANDREE or Four steady Young Men can have comfortable Bonni and Lodging at Ai. Foxcroft's, Welli ng t on-sti cot, Colling wood, next door to Aiuiv, Knight, nnd Co.'s; t.rms, 30s, per week. 4! 123 A COMFORTABLE Homo for Mon of qu'et and fob, r hah'ts, at Jones's Tem- poráneo Bobidlug House, Smith-btieet, Colling- wood ; Good Bids, Giod Living, and Good Library ; temis, 35s. per week. 43497 TWO or tinco rcspoetable young men can bo necoiiimoJa'ed with board and residence, on moderato tenus, by applying to Air Capo, li Little La Tiobo-streot, n.-ar Elizrtbcth [ street. 42926 Mouses, deo., to tot. A RARE OPPORTUNITY NOW OFFERS. ASkVEN or fivo yeal s lease of a Shop, handsntnoly fitted up, and houso con- taining II rooms, largo yat d, and stabling for 2 horse», situiiled in one ol thu mostpopulated nolghboi hoods in Molbouino. Apply imme- diately at 138, Little Lonsdalo stioot, east, or Mr. CRITCHLEY, JWGßi 17. Chaneory-lane. rpO LET, throo honsos containing four *f «wmsonoh ontbo Em-rald rill; eliquiic of Mrs 'lavlor. PrB0'h BnWjHngs, or at 182, Uttlo Oolllns-street, oast, Melbourne. 40323 . Houeo», «V.t to I*et. TO LET, for one or two years, . ship for a store, oapable of containing 800 tons, with poop cabin accommodation for 16 or l8 persons : apply to Devlin and Crawford, Queen street. 33968 MALL FARM TO LET. SEVENTY-SEVEN ACRES of good rich Land, within twelve miltís from town, in the parish of Wollert, county of Bourke, noar the Darebin Creek ; for particulars, apply to Bowler and Brady, 70, Queen-street. 41972 RICHMOND First-rate Business Sites. 'Tf'O BE LET, on Building Leases, for a X term of Three Years, splendid Frontages for business (opposite the Bfar and Garter) on tho main road to Richmond Bl-''¿e. For further partionlars, apply to JOHN T. CHARLTON, Auctioneer, 427Ô2 13, Flinders-lane, west. TO LET, a 4-roomed House, the present occupiers accommodating eight lodgers comfortably, wish to dispose of the furniture, bedditig, kitchen utensils, &o.; Tho boarders will romain ; apply at 86, King-street. 37952 COTTAGE RESIDENCE. TO BE LET or Sold, with immediate pos- session, a very desirable four room Cot- tage, within a pleasant distance of Melbourne ; apply to E. Gilbert and Co., Victoria Auction Mart. 38102 T'O BE LET, on building leases, sevoral allotments of land, in first-rate business situations, in Collins-street, Elizabeth-stieet, a'Beckett-street, Russoll-streot, and at San- dridge; also, a few plots of first-rate gai den land, of from one to five acres each, in the vicinity of tho town; apply to T. B. Payne, 81, Little Collins street. 40343 TO be Let, three houses situate at Rich mond. Also an office to let in town apply to W. Dixon, 51, Queen-street. 40597 npO LET, a five roomed Cottage, at Rich JL mond, near the bridge ; apply to JAMES KEELEf, 69, Queen-streot. 43508 FARMS TO BE LET upon W. J. T. Chuko, Esq.'s selected lands. 24" Agri- cultural and Dairy Farms, each of about one hundred acres, situated about 15 miles from town, upon cither side of the main line of road to Mount Alexander, and half way between Keilor and the Gap Inn. To farmers, dairy- men, and carrions, an opportunity hore presents itself of securing a home upon some of the finest agrigultural and grassed lands in the country. > To view the plan, and for further information, apply to CHARLES G. BURCHETT, 38937 56,liiUle Collins-street, west, FARM TO LET. IJQ ACRES of Land, at Brighton, on the I ÖMelboume Five-mile reserve; it is divided into cultivation paddocks, and has hats, water, ¿so. Also cleared Paddocks, near the Beach, of 35 acres and 12 acres. Apply at tho counting house of J. B. WERE Se CO. 81st January, 1863. 435C9 THE GOLDEN POINT, The Corner of Bourke and Quoen-stroots. TO BE LET, ob a building lease, all that valuable plot of Ground sitúate at the corner of Bourke and Quoen-stroets, and having a frontage of 80 foot to Bourke-street, And 40 feet to Queon-street, The above is the only central comer plot of ground in Molbourno not already occupied, and from its situation it offers unpamllellod advan- tages to any public company, or it is admirably nOnpted for the site of a first-class hotel. For further particulars apply to JOHN T. CHARLTON, Foreign and Colonial gpie Rooms, 34919 lS.'Flind^^woat. TO Lr*T, at "Brighton, two four ro;med Cottages; apply to William Darrant, usar the Devonshire Inn, Big Brighton. - _4252G TO MERCHANTS and Others-Suite of apartments to let (from the 26th inrtant), in K'ichol-on-street, Collingwood ; apply to tho undersigned, on the premisos,-Robert Banks 43217 TO LET, at Prahran, a good four-roomed house; apply to R. Seaton, Boutke Btreet, oppos'to Mesara. Symons and Perry's Auction R'-oms. 43238 TO BE LET (for two years), a piece of ¿round 21 feet frontage, in Little Col lins-street, between Swaniton-s'roi t and Eliza bolh-Btreot ; enquire 30, Littlo Collips-stroet, cash_ _Í8207 1~ <0 BRICKMAKERS.-A pieco of Ground to Let in Collingwood, well suited for brid-unking, fenced in and ready for woik; apply, B., otïïca of this papor. 42791 TO LET, Workshop and Yard, roar of GO, Swa-ston-stroct; entrance, right of way, Little Collins-street ; apply A. T. Kiiby and Co., at 119, Swanston stieet. 43038 Ob FICES TO LILT, situât-d in a central and business part cf ¡swanston- trcet apply to Mr. Wm. Green, Land Ageut, 29, Givut Bouikc-ttrcot, east. 43501 Public IVSeeting-s rilHE «Mteting of tho Subscribáis to tho J_ Building Fund, Trinity Ulindi, Pot't ridge, to elect trustee«, will be held at tho Chut eli on Thiiisday, tho 26th inst., at Twelvo o'olc ok._42279_ AT a Mo-ting of Pomms interested in the ropair of Simpson's Road, hold by ¡.d viiti-ement cn the 18th instant, the following Resolution] weio tinjiiimously carried: 1\. That a tubsciption be ,t once opened and morey cidlocted, for tile purposo of icpairing Simpson's Road. 2\. That Mi isrs Fairchi'd Fennell and Feigu sin, bo nppo ntcd Tustecs, to receive Bubsmp tiona aid pay all sums collected into tho Bank of V.ctoiia, sud to ta'o Mich othor bteps al may bo UvCoseaiy to carry out tho object ot the meeting. R. FENNELL, Chan mnn. The following amounts weio subscribtd or at thu metting. £ s d Mr. Fait child ... ... 50 0 0 Air Fe-inoll ... 50 0 0 Thnmp on and Co. ... 50 0 0 Roberts and Forguson ... 50 0 0 Thoa- Colo ... 25 0 0 M. Ashton ... 20 0 0 J. Alaetm'ay ... >.. 10 0 0 J. Minley ... 25 Thoo. Andre s_... ... 20 CO James Turn. 5 0 Win. Shelly ... ... 10 0 0 G jorge Walls ... ... 6 0 0 A. Hawkes ... 6 0 0 Wm Willi ... ... 5 0 0 P. N. ttlotcn ... ... 6 0 0 G. Waidiop ... 5 0 0 Ilonry Sims ... 6 0 0 R Coinir ... ... 6 0 0 II. Gaidino ,,» ... 5 0 -0 G. Hunter ... .. 6 0 0 John Ba-liiñ ... 20 0 0 \ John MoDonald... ... 2 2 0 'ihoa. Alo iaity ... ... 4 4 0 C. J. Stanley ... 2 0 0 Noah Raper ... 10 0 0 4.1329 baw Not' COB. T\/fR JAMES BENSON, Solioitor. 8 1VX Neave'» Buildings, Collins-street, oast, 34607 NOTICE .OF REMOVAL.-Mr. Riohard Blundell. Solicitor, Proctor, and Con veyanoer, has removed his offices from 26, _ Queen-atr«Mt, lo 3,1«on»dale-itreet, west, next door to PatMuore'a Hotel. ' 406b7 Tanders. »¿ELONG AND MELBOURNE BAIL WAY. Contracts for Timber. TENDERS will bo received at the Tempo- rary Offioos of this Company, in the Town of Geelong, addressed, to tho Board Directora, until Alay 31st, 1853, for Timber fo Bridges. Plans and specifications may be seen and a necessary information obtained at the offices o Messrs, Snell andKaweiau.Ryrie-stroet. C, N. THORNE A. TH0Ä180N J. B. HUTTON 0\. NANTES. Geelong, April 21st, 1852. 85380 GEELONG AND AIELBOURNE RAILWAY. rSNDERS will bo received at the Tempo- rary offices of this Company, addressed to the Board of Directors, up to the 31st_May next, for cutting and splitting the wholo or any part of 75,678 sleepers for the above railway. Drawings und specifications may be seen and all necessary information obtained at the office of Messrs. Snell and Kawerau, Ryrie-street. C. N. THORNE A. TH0A1S0N J. B. HUTTON. C. NANTES. Geelong, 21st April, 1853. 35881 RAILWAY OFFICES. TENDERS are required for tho erection o X Stone Buildings at the principal station of the Geelong und Melbourne Railway Com- pany. Plans and specifications may be Inspected between the hours of 10 and 4, at the olfice o Messrs. Snell and Kawerau, Ryrie-street. Tondcra will be reoeived at 11 o'clock, on THURSDAY, tho 5th day of May next, ad- dressed to the Boord of Directors. C. N. THORNE A. THOMSON J. B. HUTTON C. NANTES. Geelong, April 21st, 1853. 36397 TO CARPENTERS AND BUILDERS. TENDERS Wanted for the erection of Two handsome Cottages, Four Rooms each, a 3c. Kilda. For fuithor paitieulsrs, apply to George Thomas, comer of Flinders-lane and King-street, where a plan and specification is to be seen. April 22nd, 1853. 85297 BRIDGE OVER THE WERRIBEE. Central Road Board, Melbourne, 3rd May, 1853 TENDERS will bo refcoived until Elovon o'clock of Tuesday, the 31st inst, from parties willing to contract for the erection of a Timber Bridge over the Werribee, on the Geelong Road, according to plan and' spocifi oation to be seen on application at the Colonia Engineer's Office, Melbourne. Tenders to be ondorsed, " Tender for Bridge over the Werribee," and forwarded by pos prepiid, addressed to tho President of the Cen- tral Road Board, Melbourne. The Board will not necessarily accept the owest or any tender. FRANCIS MURPHY, 89205 President of the Central Road Boar Central Road Board, Melbourne, 30th April, 1858. BRIDGE AT COLAC. rINDERS will be received, until Eleven o'dock on Tuesday, 24th May next, from parties willing to contract for the erection of a ?Timber Bridgo, ovor Borongorook 'Creek, in the township of Colac, according to plans and specifications to be setm on application to Mr. Charios RowaLd, Assi tant Engiuoor, Goilong Mr. John Barrow, Assistant Engineer, Warr- nambool, or to tho Clerk of Pelly Sessions, Oolac. Tenders to ba endorsed, " Tender for Bridge Colac," and forwarded by post, pre-paid, ad ecsedi o; no President of the Central Road Boaid, Melbourno. The Board will not necessarily accept the lowest, or any tender. . FRANCIS MURPHY, 37978 President of tho Central Road Board. BRIDGE OVER THE DEEP CREEK, AT CARISBROOK. ' Central Road Board, a Melbourno, May 3,1653. TENDERS will ba received until eleven o'clock of Tuesday, tho 31st instant, from parties willing to contract for the election of a Timber Bridge over the Deep Creek at Carisbrook, according to plans and specifications to be ssen on application at tho Police Office, Carisbrook, or tho Colonial Engineoi's Office Melbourne. Tondors to bo endorsed " Tender for Caris- brook Bridge," and forwarded by post, prc-puid, addressed to tho President of tho Contrai Road Board, Melbourno. Tho Board will not necos-arily accept the owest or any tender. FRANCIS MURPHY, S9206 Prosident of tho Contrai Road Board TO BUILDERS. CONTRACTS aro wantid, for Hie wholoo severtd works lequircd in eiocing a dwelling and offices of brick wo:k in Boniko Etivot ; apply at ilia offices of tho undei&îgaed until Wednesday the 25th'nstant. WHARTON AïsD BURNS, 43378 Areh'lccts. ~~ TO BUILDERS. CONTRACTS are wanted, for tho whole or baverai woila to bo dono in erecting a blue stone hotel in Stophen-street; apply for all infounation at tho offices of thu undersigned until Friday the 27th instant. WHARTON and BURNS, ?13379 Architects. TO BUILDERS. CONTRACTS are wanted, for (ho whole or several works roquín ¿I in eioclirg a stono and brick dw illing-houso at St. Kilda npply.it thi offioea of tho undursigned until Friday the 27th initant. WHARTON and BURNS,; "¡3-80 Architects. mo JOINERS.-Tendéis for tho finishing JL of Ilia windows, and other internal works, required at St. Janice's Cathedial, ara invited until tho" 26th instant; apply at tho cfli o of tho undersigned, any morning »from nina till ton o'clock. CHARLES LAING, *t. Avoid ect. No. 20. Swanslon-streot, 19th May, 1853. v 43Î3Û TO BUILDERS. rfpENDERS aio invitad for tho cmstmotion 9 of offices for James Gtaham, Esq., off i Russoll stiect. Plans and Fpetific itions lia for |inspection nt tho offico of tho iindoihiined ' until the 26th instant, to which dato tenders will bo rociivod. CHARLES LAING, Aichitect. £0, Swanrton-strect, 19th Alay, 1853. 43216 To Ctold ZMgg-cr«. OVENS GOLD FIELD. PARTIES proceeding to the above Golo Field, can have their horses properly attended to by having thom forwarded to the | Woorajay Station, on Reid's Crook, two milo« rom the lower Spring Crook Diggings. Tht-^ | oattlo are tailed out all tho day on first-rate feed, and put into a largo aud seouro paddock at night. Tonna, five shillings a head pei ¡ week. 25262 ^G all whom it may ooncern. Tho nearest and best route from tho Ovens to the Bendigo is by the Broken River, Alaguiro'i Punt, Calbin Abbyn, late tho station of Edward Ourr, Esq., the Campaspi Inn, and thenco bj Mr. Loynott's station to tho Bendigo. 37218 ' FOR tho Diggings.-A quantity of tarred v Tin pavitas, suitable for carriers, on hand Lsntjlor and Lawson, Tent Al akers, ¿io,, 152, I GroKt Bom ko-street, east, 4 li l8 NOTICE. Post ~Oûico. . AILS arrivent,.'and aro despatched from, the Post Office, St. Kilda, dally. JOHN GLASS CRAMMOND, Pott Matter, At Mr. Andrew'« Stow, RobC'tireet. 41874 M Vartner-blpr. _______ MESSRS. J. N. REYNOLDS St CO. having disposed of their stores at Forest Creek and Campbell's Creek, notice is hereby given that Mr. Pearce John Williams, has no longer any connection with the firm. Dated this 14th day of May, a v., 1853. J. N. REYNOLDS & CO., 4'778_111 and 113, Rnsxcll-street. . NOTICE. THE Partnership hithorto existing between tho undersigned, James Sinclair Rich- ardson, and George White, in Melbourne and Geelong, as Ironmongers, under the firm of Richardson and White, is this day dissolved by mutual coonsent. All debts owing to the late firm to be paid, in Melbourne, to Mr. Richardson, and in Gee- long, to Mr. White; who will also receive for liquidation claims against the late firm, and which are requested to be sent in without de lay. Dated, 31st March, 1853. JAMES S. RICHARDSON GEO. WHITE. Witness to the signature of J. S Richardson. ' JOHN BRAIM. Witness to the signature of G White, JNO. L. BROCKBANK NOTICE. TTHE Partnership existing under the firm ol JL Donaldson and Budge having been d:s salved, Henry Budge, of the abovo firm, begi to intimate that he will continue the business is heretofore, and that he has assumed a> partners, his brothers Peter and David Budge and that the business will be carried on noa this date under the namo and firm of Budgi Brothers. Melbourne, 1st Jan., 1863. 83983 ' Hotels and ¡Refreshment Room« DEVONSHIRE INN, Brighton. WHOSE begs to intimate to his friend' . and the public generally, that having taken the above premisos formerly in the oc- cupation of Mr. Towt, no exertion shaU b> wanting on his part to render the Hotel oom fortable and convenient, and he trusta that bj assiduity and attention, to merit the approba' tion of those who may honor him with thoif patronage, W. R.| will always havo on hand, . choiot selection of wines, spirits, alee, Sea, Feb. 2nd, 1853. 34957 BRITISH " " And Gorman Dining and Coffee Rooms, 70, Collins street, east. NI8SEN es WEDEL RESPECTFULLY recommending them- selves to the patronago of the public in general, beg to point out to those who, although desirous of European comfort, are never- theless reluctant to submit to tho colonial charges of the houses in voguo-their special object, of attaining the pioper medium, and presenting their friends a moderate list of fares, combined with the advantages of a neatly fitted up suit of rooms, good attendance), and general propriety. May 7th, 1853. 39874 CAFE RESTAURANT PARISIEN, S3, Swanston-street, (Opposite tlie Victoria Bank.) *TpHE Proprietors of the above Establish JL mont return their sincere thanks for tht kind patronage which they havo hithorto re- ceived, and beg leave to state that nothing shall be wanting on thoir part to satisfy those who may patronise the new Cafó Restaurant Parision. Ftench, English, Swiss, and Italian Pastry. Breakfasts, dinners, and suppers from eight a.m. till twelvo p.m. BONCOLAS, POZZI'E, «fe Db NYS. 83882 IMPORTANT TO NEW ARRIVALS AND GOLD DIGGERS. WILLIAM FINLAY, Royal Oak, 106, Elizabeth-street, Alelbourne, in return- ing thanks to tho publie of Alelbourne and its vicinity, for the . liberal support they have favored him with, begs leave to inform them that ho has on hand a large supply of ale, por ter, spirits, and wines, of the very best quality ; ¡and that his house has undergone a thorough repair. He likewise begs luavo to solicit the pationage of the publie of Melbourne and ita vicinity, trusting by strict attention to the in (cresta of his customers ho will meet with the same support. N B.--Good clean "beda, of the best quality Melbourne. 3rd May, 1853. 8S866 GLEN LYON INN, Western Port District, «Tour Müeä «from Spring Crook Diggings, anc eight from Sailors' Creek. CB, PHILLIPS begs to intimate to hil . friends and the publie that ho has pur- chased the above premises, and obtained the transfer from Air. Murray, and that it is as re plote as possible with every attraction. The house alfolia ampio accommodation for travel- lers, the situation is one of the most healthy ind delightful in the neighbomhood, and the jropriotor ftols assurod that the arrantromentf will be found such as car.not fall to insure the jntiro approbation of those who may hoaor him ?vith their patronage. Noither pains nor ex- panse have been spared in securing a fiist-ratt took, and the service of efficient servants te ?¡airy out the object of the proprietor to seoure atisfaction to all. Good Stabling and an extensive Paddock se'l watered by the Loddon, whioh 'rani brough it. Diggers' Hornes taken in at IO per week. 33406 WELLINGTON Hotel, noar tho Punt Richmond.-The Proprietor, E. L Hanis, bogs leave ti inform t io ptlblio that the above hotel will be nady for Boarders in a fev days; and gentlemen loquiring ploasunt and retired accommodation, aro invited to select their rooms at once, us only a limited number will be taken. Tho house is large, end repitió with oveiy convenience, delightfully situated opposite the Polite Paddock, having a fino view of giud n and rivor sconoiy. His lea than ono milo fiom ihetop of Collius-sticet. In soliciting-the patronage of the public, tho pioprietor assuies them that neither ex- pense nor trouble will bo spared to maka them o mfoitable, and to keep this as a first-class hotel. N.B. The lieonea for the palo of spirituous liquors for thia he use comes in efioot tho .ot July i cxt. 42805 Cfrraz/lng- jPaddooJtz». MOUNT ARARAT PADDOCKS. 13,000 AcieB, fenced m. FROM \Bt April, tho tojms for grazing wil bo £i 2s, per annum, or a tesa period payable ou removal. No îosponriUUty. No entire stock ad mittcd. N.B.-Horses ttifeen to tho paddocks and re dolivorod at P. Ayirick's Victoria Stables Swanston-stioot, ovoty Thursday, at veiy mo daalo ohaigos. 34281 8. HENRY CLUTTERBUCK. GLENROY PADDOCK, (Late Mu W. M. Poatluuivraite's) FRO AI and after this dato, Uki chai go fot glazing horses will ''e 7s. per wewfe. Hoif-03 (haltered) loft with Mr. Tiaeoy, Clown Stables, Quotn-Btreot, and Alf, Mel riuk's, Viutorlu SUblos, Swanston strtC«-,, will bo fiiwaided fiee of charge, on Wednesday, each week. ALEXANDER GUTHRIE. 9lh Alay, 1863. N.B.-The hoi ecu at pi osent running in the paddock will bo charged 7», from, 1st June next AU chat get) to bo paid on doltvoiy. No stock dollvoied on Sundiys. .Every care taken; but without lesuonsibiliry 39706 CGRAZING Piiditnik, Daiobin Oieok - 3f Horjos taken lu at 7s 61 per \veck,vevory cam taken, but no responsibility. Tho above piddock is within twelve miles of Alo bourne, and on the new road tj Kilmore, and .within one milo of Mr. Toogood'* Inn, on tlia.wd-' ttoy-road; anv horses Uft (haltered) «A Mr J Lynch'« Paddock, .Hawthorne, within two mile« of Alelbouro«, wilt be > taken to Um pad- dock free of eharge. «tfil68 mewarde. FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN from Sutton Grange, a Roan Cob, low set, square made, wide action with his hind legs, branded WV conjoined off neck, and HN conjoined near shoulder. He was seen by S. H. G. Bennett, Esq., in the possession of a bushranger who robbed him on the Campaspie last month. The above Reward will be paid for the con- civtion of the said bushranger, and five pounds for information that will lead to the recovery of the horse, or ten pounds if delivered either at Charlotte Plains or Sutton Grange. H. N. SIMSON. Charlotte Plains, Loddon River. 36626 FIVE OR TEN POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed, from Prahran, one grey Mare, about fourteen hands high, branded gs on near 'shouldor, flesh wound 09 near hind quarter, slightly floa-bitten, long switch tail. A Reward of Fve Pounds will be paid to any person delivering her at the 'residence of John Goodman, Esq., Prahran, or at the stores of tho undersigned ; . orJTen Pounds Howard will bo paid on recoveiy of the mare and con- viction of the thief. ' 0. & A. LOCKE, Latroltfstreet, eart, 40514 Near Elizabeth-street. TEN POUNDS REWARD, IF Stolen, and Fivo Pounds if Strayed. 1 short, thickset, mouso-colortd Bullock, brandod D cn the near shouldor, 1 large, cock horned Bullock, led, with white bolly, Btar in forehead, scab off lump, illegible brand cn near Bide, a brand SE (conjoined) on the near side. 1 small, icd Bullook, white (link, branded GM off rümp. 1 yellow Bullock, tips off horns, iron branded T H near tibs, with other brands unknown. 1 largo, yollow-aided Bullock, cock-horns, white bick and tail, branded triangle neal side, S on back, A off shoulder. Should the above Bullocks be found, if brought tovtho City Arms, Melbourno, will receive the above Reward._ 41884 TEN POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed fiom near Ail ken's Gap, on^Fridiy last, one Largo Black En ti: o Hot se, star in forehead, mottled nose, two hind I eet white, no visible bland. Whoever will give such information to tho undei signed as will lead to the recovery of tho said horse, Bhall receive Five Pounds if strayed, or Ten Pounds on the conviction of the offenders. JAMES WRIGHT, Timber Merchant, Swtnstcn-strcet. Melbonme, 16th May, 1853. 42297 \- £5 REWARD. LOST, on Tuesday morning, 17th inst., a DcpoBit Receipt of the Bank of Australasia, for four hundred pounds sterling. Whoover will bring the sama to Mr. Ward, Star Inn, Swanston street, will receive tho above Reward. It is of no use to any penoa hut tho owner. . 42856 THIRTY POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed out of the Paddock of Messrs. Ross and Wynne, at Kyneton, a Bay Maro, branded IF off shoulder. Also, Stolen or Strayed, fiom Kyneton, Bay Horse, star on forehead, branded l£ near shoulder, W off shoulder. Also, from View Point, Bendigo, a Blaok Mire, branded A on off thou1 dor, star on fore- head, lump on top of head, and g on near shoulder. R If strayed, £5 for each horto will bo paid on delivery either at tho Royal Hotel stable?, Kyneton, or to Mr. Boulton, Solicitor, Kv ne ton ; and if stolen, £10 for each, on conviction of the thief. 42121 THREE POUNDS REWARD. STRAYED from Melbourne, May 13th, a Grey Alare, branded S near shoulder, switch tail, winkers oh, and fistula on the shoulder. Whoever brings t'io mare to Mr. Thomas Opie, corner of Wellington and John- ston-streets, shall receive the above Reward. _42821 TWO POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN OR STRAYED-A Bay Mare branded WD off nook undír mane, lefi last on tho W Creek with her foal. Whoevoi'1! will bring the Bame to James WalWirV Shij Inn, Flinders-lane, shall receive the abov« reward. 41872 £100 REWARD. THE Undersigned, as Agents of R B. Byora, Esquire, will pay the above Reward, One hundred Poivrda, to any person giving information to lead to the discovery of parties tottling Beer iu I ottlea labelled with' It. ti. ByaB-' label, and covering the corks with silvor sheet, and then selling tho same as go nuino imported Beer, tha contents being a spu- rious and inferior browing. LYALL, MACKENZIE, Se CO., 66, F.indors-'ane, 48373 Agents for R. B. Byass. ~ " FIVE POUNDS Rb.WARD. LOST, between ForoLt Creek a: d Five Milo Creik, a black morocco Pocket-book, stool clasp, containing a £25 draft on- England, also Eome letters for samo cuntry; whoever will bring the samo fb Air. Woods, bakor Swanston-slreot, or the Alnnchestor Store, 'Forest Creek, shall rejeive tho above Reward. ! 4826T FOUR POUNDS REWARD. O TRAYED from a paddock at South Yarra, O a light Grey How, nearly white, but tiokod with small brown spots, or flea-bitten ; i witch tsil ; b andi d on near rib» with a half circle and bar. Has marita of being lrtoiy blistered all round Also a Bay IVny, branded F off shoulder, aud with a white patih on ono of the hind fet- locks. Any one bringing the above, or furi nishing satisfactoty information to Mr. Balbir nie. Dalmorino Homo. South Yarra, will io» ceivo the Ruward of two pounds for each horse. 43499 TEN POUNDd REWARD. TRE undermentioned sramcn having de- salted from thoDanish baiquo Oheiuskn, the abova Rewird will bo given to any .party on sucli inl'c rmation being laid down as will lead to theif opprohension Royal Danish ConsuWo, . ,, J. B. WERE. Nul H.-.mmcltof NisLuuclt'ek Hans Jousun Ennomark Hans Peter Kuf'ort. , 43075 NOTICE TO POUNDKEBPERS, AUC- TIONEERS. _ OTHERS. STOLEN or Stiavod fom thu Euieka Dig- gings, on Saturday, tho 7th of May, a da' k brown Horso, 11} hands high, branded \- O near shouldor S B near th'gh, B iff thigh B off shoulder, S about 4 and-a-half years old ; whoovor rill deliver tho ramo ti N. II. Olding, Esq., Biunswick-strcoo Collingwood; Mr. W. H, Collins"Geolong; or Dr. Blight, Euroka, will receive £5 Rcwaid. 18th May, 1323. 43245 , CAUTION. To Poundkoopers and Others. LOST or Stolm, about fifty miles fiom Melbourne, on tho Ovens river road, A chOMiut. di aught Maro, no brands, silvery mane-and tail, rather larg« joints. Also, a bay di aught horso, branded JP near shoulder, fiom a paddock near Melbourne. Also,"» black draught Maio, brauded S near .shoulder,, from a paddock in Little Brighton, near limd fetlock white. Any po son hiinging tho samo to 0. Coates, Pott Phillip Club HoUl Stahlis or giving such information as will lo d to their r» overy, shall n-ccive FivoPounds forth . ohesnut maro, and Three 'Pounds oaoh for tho other two 43167 LOST, a,Che4ue for C5- Is., I Od., of da'e 9th May, No. 76, drawn by Mr. Brew ford, cn the linton Bank of Austral!« ; payment hubtenstopptd. 43080 t caution. \--. NOTICE TO BUTOHERS AND OTHE ALL patties aro'hereby cautioned again« I ' purchasing from Mr, Robert Moa. gomery, any cattle branded W on near" a W' off ramp-ho having formally transferred th said cattle to me. JOHN ROSS, By his Attorney, 41973 L. MACKINNON. | CAUTION. ' I David Rosier, "give notice to the publia, . that my Wife having loft me without a cause, I will not bo accountable for any debts contracted by hor aftor this dato, DAVID ROSIER, . Rowena-street, Richmond. April 21st, 1853. , 35121 - NOTICE. rr'HE horses moutionsd below, were «old I by us on the respective dates, placed against them. The Vendors not being able to satisfy us as to ownership,-wo publish them with thoir brands for public information. May 101b. A bay norco, btanded WH near shoulder. May 11th. A bay mare, brandod JC near shoulder, W off shoulder. M. McCAW 4 CO., 41307 Bonrke-srrott. NOTICE.-The Hor<o mentioned below, was eold by u», Alay 18th. Tho vendor 'not beirg able to satisfy us as to Hio ownorship, we publish it, with its bra-ids, for public in- formation : One black hors ., branded JD near shoulder. M. MoCAW Se CO., 41939^ Bou'ke-street. ADELAIDE GOVERNMENT BULLION ESCORT OFFICE. WHEREAS, tv Ptircol of Gold Dust con- taining twenty-five ouncoa, and num- bered, 3,856, tj Charles Henning, has been received at the Bullion Office, and Charle» Honning has claimed the same. Notice is hsroby given, that the said Gold dust will" be delivered to .his order, unless cla:nied by sumo other party, within twelve months from this date. R li. TORRENS, . Tree ever. April 25th, 1853. 42»_ ... -., .i N mt FOUND, on the Sixteenth,"« Bay Pony, W on near tlnu'.dor, if not claimed MA*, within soven day?, will te sold to defray ex- > penses; apply, Geo. Wallis, War Terraoj, Bourke-etreot. 43119 CAUTION. " ALL persons are hereby cautioned against < receiving or purchasing any linen or wearing apparel from an elderly woman of the) name of Denny, having on them the following marks :-R B. B., S. B. Hunt, E. and S, Hunt, 0\. Cro-singbam, F. H. Wecdon, or Weedon only ; and any one that may have received or. purchased any articles of the above mentioned person (Denny) would oblige by immediately communicating to H.W.L , 86, Russell-street. 43093 XiOBt Property. I OST, on the afternoon of Tuesday, ihe 10th j instant, between Mr. Hood's, ch'mist in Collins-street, and Mr. Ford's, chemist in Swanston-strcet, a Choque Book of the Union; Bank of An»tralia. Whoever has found tho same, and will restore it to Mr. Cadden, at tha District Police Office,'will oblige the under- signed. »2002_SAM. BARROW.. ANY information that can be given tho subscribers, respecting a case contain- ing linon, laudod 6oma four months since, and directed Francis Malpas will oblige David Dyer and Co., Flinders- street. 41205 npHE Black Horse lost three month« ago JL from Hughes' Crock, the prr party of. - John Roberts, has boen found and sold agre ably to his request; ho can havo the money by applying peibonajly to Robert Tubb, Avenal;»' A>ms, Hughes' Creek. 16th May, 1853. 425CO NOTICE -A person unknown has left a wqtJi, vest, and coat ; tho owner oan. have thjtm.by applying at tho Lamb Inn, and paying" for the adveitisement. 4320O THE undeimentioned Mare having been sold by mo at publie nucí ion, and the owner fnlling to produco the necessary receipt« to prove his ownership, I hereby advertise» same for public information. 1 giey Maro and black Foil, with cart nnd har- ness, mino branded JO on side under saddle. ' i JAMES K. MONTGOMERY,' Auctionoer and General Comiuusion Agent. Castlemaine May 2, 1853. 89115 NOTICE. TLwitliin Triangle. ANY carts, cart-whools, gij,-whcols, or other wheels fiom England bearing tha abovo brand, and courignod to order, are elaimed by Thomas Loader, and as tho advi- ces of the said wheels, &c;, have not yot been received, mordíante and shipping agonts ara hereby tcquestod to inform the undorsigiied of any such goods as have, or may arrive, in order to have thom identified. LOADER «fe NORTON, 32245 King-street, Melbourno. LOST lrom Kyneton, tliroo Bullock» One black bull stig.braiidod IH offiump-, IH off thigh, b'otah near shou'dor, bloth off loin. Ono strawboi ry, off horn drooping RG W O near thigh, blot h noar shou'dor. One roon bullock, J in chelo off rumn, 1 off ribs, blotch. noar shoulder. Two pounds pot head will la given on deliveir to Hugh Gillios, Kyneton, or to Mr. Douglas, K« neton. 43253 OTRA Y ED *oi btolen, fom the'White hills-, O Bendigo, about tho 9th er I Oth inst, a Urge Cart hoise, of a light grey color, branded W on the near ehouldir. Fivo Pound» t» Reward will ha paid to any one bringirg enid Horso to Mr. John Aldcoin," Yellow Tent, Red Flag, Mcivor digsjings. 428.5- ' KEisellocneous. CITY OF MELBOURNE. NOTICE is here! y givon that Tuesday next, tho 24th inBt., tho anniversary of the birthday of Her mo-t j. raciona M jeety tho Queen, will bo obacivotl as ii holiday in thi» various departments of the Coipoiation. By older of tho Right Woiimip'ïil the Mayor. WILLIAM KERR, Town Ckik. Town Clork's Office, 19th May, 1853. 43317 TO THE INHABITANT S OF COLLING WOOD AND NEIGHBORHOOD. MUIR, KNIGHT Se CO., of tho Welling- ton Storo, Wellington-bticct, Colling- wood beg to inform thou ii lends and tho public, that in addition to the above establishment, they au« nf)w in poseursioivof c xtensive picmiscs, at No 1, Hanover ¡itroet, for the sale of wines, spirits, ale, poiter, liqueurs, tto , ovory descrip- tion of which will bo kept constantly oirhand. M. K aud Co., in thanking their numerous friends for tho liberal pationago already be- stowed, beg *o assure them that no pains will bo sparod to obtain goods of a tui.orlor class; one of their fixed rules in puiohasing, being to reject whatovor will not bear the minutest ins; cation, . A membor of tho firm will oontinuo to o» I for the weekly oidora, many families having" expressed a desire for ti,o continuation (fa system «Abiding so gi oat a convenience, csp.clnl'y in unseasonable weather, OtilHtig wond. roads not bolng at all times tho very cleanest in trio world. 43344 HER Majesty's Birth Day.-Grau Ball. Order dress coats, trouser', and vests for ' that memorable ooeaslon, of Junee aud Thomas, Lonsdnlo'Btreet and Elltabethttreot. Magni- ficent designs for ball vest», 4272$ 