LATER ENGLISH NEWS. BANK OF AUSTRAL A SPA. By the arrival of the Victoria, steamship from London wh'eh arrived on Sunday last, we are in possession of English news nine teen days later than that previously received by the Talavena. The Victoria has made the quickest voyage that ever was performed to this colony, namely 60 days. The Annual General Meeting of this Bank was held in London on the 13sh of June. A dividend, at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum was declared, and the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. Mr. T. W, Henderson, the Chairman, in ex plaining the position of the establishment, stated that business was making satisfactory progress, and that there was no reason to anticipate any unfavourable reaction. From well- authenticated statistics the directors had received, it appeared that the gold pro duced in Victoria during the year 1852, was £18,000 000 in addition to the consid erable yield from New South Wales. The trade of the Australian colonies, now rapidly expanding, together with the large local works being carried out, had opened new sources for banking transactions ; and hence the Board are led to anticipate a steady career of prosperity. In adjusting their accounts, full provision had been made for bad and doubtful debts, while respect to old dependencies little remained to be arranged. Mr. Brewster is likely to obtain at once case Mr. Keogh will become Attorney General for that country. On the estate of the Marquis of Down shire, in the neighbourhood of Dundrum, Dcwn, there was lately discovered a mine, yielding superior copper ore. Photography has been applied with great success to engraving upon steel. Accounts from Malta state that the English squadron had been reinforced by two sail of the line. The price of ships at Newcastle and Shields coutiuues to mount rapidly upwards. Vessels of a class which only a few months ago would have been a drug in the market are now eagerly sought after. The Dublin Exhibition. — The reduced rate of prices having become more senerallv known, the building has presented, a busier and more crowded appearance than pre viously ; numbers having availed themselves of the opportunity thus afforded them of witnessing the many wonderful objects con tained in the industrial temple, at the rate Is. admittance. The great hall has especially presented a thronged appearance and the galleries have assumed a more lively aspect than has been presented by them at almost any period since the opening day. The number of visitcrs was on Tues day 7783, upwards of 2000 more than attended on Monday, i ?'- ? ' - The Camp at Chobham. — Woolwich, June 8. — The Queen's pavillipn was taken out of store at Woolwich yesterday, and has been set up on Greenhill, a place within the boundaries of the garrison, and in front Repbievb of the Two Women Con demned to Death at Chester.— The wretched women, Honor a Gibbons and Bridged Gerratty, who were left for execu tion by Mr. Justice Wightman, for mui dering a child by administering oil of vitriol, for the obtainment of burial fees, have been reprieved, and their sentence commuted to transportation for life.' The convict at Liverpool has also been pardoned. A committee had been formed in Cork to reimburse Colonel Cnatterton the cost of prosecuting the Cork petition. The Galway papers announce the resig nation of Mr. O'Hara, recorder of that town, because he bad received no salary or remuneration for his services for many years. Their Majesties the King and Queen of Hanover, accompained by the youthful Crown Prince and the Princess of the Royal Family, had arrived off the Royal Dockyard at Woolwich, on the 11th June,, from Ostend, The trustees of the female Emigration Fund, established under Mr. Sydney Her bert's presidency bad determined on very widely extending the scale of operations. Upwards of 1200 needlewomen having been sent to the colonies, and £24,000 thus expended it has been found that those of blJGil \sltlOO t*4 C Ublfibl bliJUlUJbUy ui*m UIIW desire among them to emigrate considerably less. At a recent meeting, the Right Hon. Sydney Herbert occupying the chair, it was determined that the advantages of the fund should be extended to any women desirous to emigrate, without distinction of age, residence, or occupation, upon a pay ment of £22 for each emigrant, being at nearly £10 less than the present rate of charge for intermediate passengers. The , first party of emigrants upon the new system were to be despatched in one of Messrs. Green's first-class ships, at the latter end of July 'r and, on the arrival in any of the Australian colonies, they were promised ' all the advantages of the Go vernment Home and the Immigration Inspector's experience and counsel.' Ou the 8th June a communication had been received at Lloyd's from the Danish consulate, announcing that the submarine electric telegraph cable had been success fully laid down across the Great and Little Belts. This line of telegraph, in connection with the Dutch telegraph and the subma rine cable, extending from Orfordness to Holhnd, opens up the electric communi cation between London and Copenhagen. Capture of an Absconding Creditor in Australia. — On Monday, Steward Stevenson Spriggs was brought up in cus tody of Folconer, charged under the 1 2th and 13th Victoria, cao. 106. sec. 25 1. with not having surrendered, he being adjudged a bankrupt, within /orty days from the date of the fiat in bankruptcy. It ap peared, from the statement of Mr. Prentice, that the prisoner was a partner in the firm of Ashton and Spriggs, wholesale button and trimming manufactures, of Alder manbury, and in the beginning of Sep tember last, absconded taking with hhn between £2000 and £3000, consisting of all the cash the firm had in hand or at their bankers. As soon as it was discovered he was gone, the firm became bankrupts, and the Commissioner issued a warrant for his apprehension, and it was placed in the hand3 of Falconer, who forthwith proceeded to Australia, and captured the prisoner, with the bulk of the money still in his possession. He, however, gave the officer considerable trouble over there, and occa sioned great expense to the assignees. The statement of the learned counsel haviug been borne out by the evidence adduced, Alder man Lawrence said he felt no hesitation in committing the prisoner for trial ; but as the depositions were not prepared, he would remand the case for a few days, and with regard to the question of bail, he did not feel disposed to accept security for his appearance while he had him in custody; and if he waa particularly desirous to put in bail, he could do so hy going; before the .jurfgs at chambers. — Lloyd's Weekly News paper, . Of the new schools at the north-west gate. j The pavijlion has not been used, it is said, since the' visit of the Queen Charlotte, but it is now to be put into good condition here*, [ previous to its being taken to Chobham, Common, and erected there as it is intended] l.| that Her Majesty, Prince Albert, the Com- |i mander in Chief, and the Master-General of J the Ordinance will, be present on several || occasions to witness the encampment and J evolutions, reviews and sham fights, which || will take place to instruct the troops in the || duties that would be expected of them iri ;| actual warfare,, and a large supply of blank If cartridge will be issued for that purpose. :1 An English company is being formed to 1 work silver and leadminos in Sardinia. Her Majesty's yatch, Victoria an i Albert, will have a camera obscura fitted in the rotunda, to enable her Majesty to take sketches of the various beautiful lakes in ' Ireland and Scotland. ; i The reports of the discoveries of gold \ among the hills and gulches of the upper | Colorado river in Texas, and its tributaries,, \ seem to be in a fair way for the most satis- || factory confirmation. |j The deliveries of tea last week in London || were unprecedently large, amounting to I 4,930,72r lbs. \ The Funds. — The English funds have if again been firm to-day,, although prices* at ;j the close were not so high as at one period j of the morning. Consols opened at an I advance of an eighth,, the quotation being I mediation of Austria in the Turkish question had been accepted, they immediately im proved to 99. The absence of any confir mation of this statement, however, subse quently caused a reaction, and the final pries was 9«£. The return from the Bank oi England for the week ending the 11th June gives the following results, when compared with the previous week :. — Public deposits, £3,737,044, decrease,, £898,410 ; other deposits, £14,033,701, increase, £1,130,862 ; rest, £3,114,594,, increase, £5399. On the other side of the account — Government securities, £13,124,910 ; increase, £257 ; other securities £14,246,232 decrease, £486,127 ; notes unemployed, £8,907,982, increase, £541,015. The amount cf notes in circulation is £23,083,080, being a decrease of £340,355 and the stock of bullion in both departments is £18,479,515,. showing an increase of £225,581, when compared with the prece ding return —Times, June 18th. The emigration to Australia still con tinues as brisk as ever,, and the price of pas sage is kept up by the scarcity of shipping. The vessels that ^have arrived during the present year have almost all been discharged and reloaded again in about six weeks. A number of coins, buried in an earthen waic vcooci, ui iiuiuau ui igtu,, uavo uccll Ulo covered at old Panama. The names of Maximus, Diocletian, and Constantine are- legibly inscribed upon many of them. 