^.-?-^jjjlii^f ^ -,-? CITY COUNCIL. . A- meeting ortheUity Council took place onTue»« day afternoon at the To.wiv .Hall,' Y«rk-'streetj iii compliance , with a requisition signed, by nine of the members'. Present^— The Right WorshipfuFtho MaVoTr, Aldermen Wilshii-e, Ryan, and Thuribw j and' Councillors, Simmons, Weeks, Roberts, Peden1, Arkjns,1 Drivei4, Broad, Oadey, Watson, Hogan; Jenkins/ Eldridge^ . Thornton, Cockbum and M'Encroe. ' The Town Clerk read the minutes of the former mfififcimr ' nf finnnrii!' b^p wiiinh- tlm Afivnn nil plained that the present' meeting had been called, in pursuance of a requisition signed by a conr ?3iderable; numher of the memhers of the City Council ME. GOLDEN AND' THE BUILDING ACT. Councillor MEncroe then proceeded id make thfe following . motion-r-viz. That the resqlntion of Council of date the 27th of September last, voting the sum of £50 as a gratuity to Mr. Golden for his extra services iii the compilation of the Building Act, be altered by an increase to the amount' of £159, thereby making the whole gratuity for the above services amount to £200i He pointed ons tiiat thfl sum of £50 had alreadv liopn orranfprl tn Mr. Golden as a reward for his sei'vices in com piling the Building Afct ; but after maturer con sideration himself and several others had come to the conclusion that this sum was altogether inade quate to remunerate Mr. Golden for the time, labour, arid knowledge which he had expended in the compilation of this measure; and it was there fore ? proposed to grant him the additional sum of .£150. which would makfi the total amnnnf. ' of remurieratidn £200. ' Councillor Hogajj seconded the motion. Mr. Cburicilitir Peden moved the following amendment, viif. That the whole matter be referred ? to the Finance' Committee, with instructions to ! report what s\nn would be an adequate remunera- | tion for. Mr. Golden's services; that nine days be ! allowed for enquiry, and that the Council adjourn until the 1st of December. Councillor Arkins seconded the amendment. The amendment was put, ami lost by a mojprity bf 9 to. 8. The minority consisted of Alderman Wilshire, Councillors Peden, Oatley, Arkins, Thornton, Weeks, Simmons, arid Jenkins ; the majority consisted of Aldermen Thurlow, Byari, and Conricillors Cockburri, Roberts, Broad, Hogan, 'Vatson, M'Encroe, Driver. . The original motion was. then put, and carded on a similar division, after which' the Cbuiiiil Iroke up. ; : . ; Auctioneers': ; Licences. r- ^Tuesday last being tfie day appointed' rfor; the graritihg of auctioneers* licencesj there -was ?a -large - attendance of Magis trates on, the Bench, the Mayor being Chairman. The Clerk of the Court called the names of the following applicants, to whom auctioneers' licenses were granted for the year' 1854 :— Charles Adrian, S. ; C. Bur't, - J.- McQuatters, Alexander Moore, Erfikihe. Marjoribanks, W. G. Lambert, H.. A. Graves, T. \V; Bowden, L. E. Threlkeld, J. PurkJs, l SarauiBl'Wooll6r,Ci A* Layard, W. Shopland, and J.' K. Haydon. On Wednesday licenses were granted, to the following applicants, H. D. Cock burn, J. Clements, R. Peek, and G. Payton. .i . PoLiCEir-rOn: Tuesday Patrick M'Laughlin pleaded guilty to. an information under the Police Act for having assaulted Sergeant M'Gee in the execution of his duty* and was sentenced to pay a penalty of 10s. and costs. Samuel Winburn also pleaded guilty to an information for having while drunk assaulted Constable - Sheary on the Parra matta Eoad, and was sentenced to pay a penalty of 16s. 6d. with 2s. 6d. costs. James AVhelan was charged by Constable Walker with having on the previous evening attempted to rescue from his custody a man named -Gorman, whom he had ap prehended ' for : being drunk and disorderly 'in Goulbui'n-.strefit ; : the attempt to rescue, it ap peared by the constables evidence, consisted' in telling him to let the man go. Defendant called a witness who swore that iWhelan did nothing* whatever but: desire the constable to take his knees off the mans breast. Guilty,, to: pay 20s. and costs or to be imprisoned for one week. ? Immigration Debentures. — The following. Tender for Immigration Debentures has been accepted. Savings Bank of New South Wales for £50,000 at therate of £105 10s. for each £100 in Debentures. Robbing A Cha-kity.—- On monday last a quan tity of female apparel was stolen from the House of the : Good. Shepherd, the loss of which was reported ?' to the Police with a description ; of the 'woman suspected of the : unlawful taking. On. Monday afternoon a woman was taken to the lockup for intoxication, whose appearance xori'es- riori'ded with the descriutiun civen. and in whose posses3ion was some pf the stolen property. She was on Tuesday brought before the Police Magis trate for the larceny, but was discharged for want of! prosecution.. Coroner's Inquests. — On Monday, an inquest was held before the corouor, at the Wellington I|iii9 upon view of the body of a man, a native of Java, then lying dead at the Sydney Infirmary. 'Cap- tain Andreas Schefer, of the Danish; brig Cyfele, stated that the deceased, Coorey, was a native of Ja,Ya,,and a seamen on board his ship. He was found dead in his bed on Mond.ty 'niorning. lie had dined plentifully oil' fresh meat on the previous day, and, this new ration appeared to have disitgr-eod with him.; l)r. Norris, resident surgeon, of 'the Benevolent Asylum, *tatid that he examined tl»« body of the deceased ; that there were 'no nia'rks of violence thereupon. . In his ophijoii- 'death , was tlur - result of.natural causes. Tne jury found a, yerdioi in accordance with this opinion7. -~'A: si'cOai' iii^fsHi1' was held on the. same day, ai,' the-. Wellington iinnV' upon view, of., tho body of;.Tlioma^ .Chftt.to,..the;i lying, dead at the BehevoTfeSrH ?ASyiu'm1;'' ''?G&oVge;''''1 lionald, . residing', at Rose' Bay^kated' that'on Tluu-s- :?;- *?— ' ' ^' -' ? ^ - ? ; ? ? ? —~ *; ? : ? day last, in the afternoon, his children reported to him that they had seen a buudle of clothes floating in Eose Bay. It was too late at that time (it being dark) to see what it was, but on the following morning, about four o'clock, witness went to see what his children had pointed out. He observed, at a distance of about sixty ov seventy yards from high water marlr, what he. considered to be a bundle of clothes. He swam to the place, and found the dead body of the deceasod. He brought the body on shore immediately and had it removed to the .dead-house of the Benevolent Asylum. The case, as it proceeded, disclosed one of deplorable destitu tion. Constable Connell, stationed at Rushcutter's Bay, stated that between 11 and 12 o'clock on Friday last, he received information of the body of a man having been found at Eose Bay. He pro ceeded there and found the body of deceased lying fon the shore. He searched his person and found ?the pocket annual produced before the Court,' con- taining .various memoranda, by which it would jappear 'that deceased was in very destitute circum stances. He also found other papers then produced ? before the Court. The deceased appeared to be , inuch attenuated. He was removed tp the Asylum. There were several entries in the, journal reflecting urn- parties for 'their unkindness to deceased, and I written in a style which would lead to the suppo sition mat aeceasea inte.naea 10. commie sujuiue.. Amongst the entries in the annual were the follow ing : — ?''October 4. Saw Walker to-day and asked ? him for a few shillings, as I. had not any food for three days. He refused we. God knows' how long this may continue. Farewell. He treated ? me like a dog ; but perhaps he may some day find ? himself in my situation. God forgive him for his cruelty to me.' Another extract was as follows : — ' Twelve days without food or drink of any . kind, except a glass or two of water — it will soon 'be over— I am getting very weak, and hardly able to walk. God only knows what will become of .me!' Another memorandum :—' It is drawing jo a close at last.' On another p^ge was the '..address, ' Mr. Walker, merchant, N. East Battery.' 'It appeared that deceased was a passenger to this colony by the ship Marchioness of Londonderry, .and that he was the son of a linen-draper at Mor peth, in England. W. Walsh, coroner's constable, stated that he had caused a notice to be inserted in the. Sydney Morning Herald and Empire news papers, describing the body of the deceased, but had not received any information as to the identi fication of the body. By the coroner's orders, he had proceeded to the Messrs. Walker, at Danes' 'Battery ; but Mr. Thomas Walker said that he knew nothing- of the deceased. Mr. Thomas Walker directed witness to Mr. Walker, next door, hut that gentleman witness could not meet with. ? l)r. Norm, residerit surgeon at the Benevolent ' Asylumj stated tli it he had examined the body of ?deceased, upon vhich there were no marks of .violence. From the appearance of the body, and \- the. history of the case, he, Dr. N., was of opinion that death was the result of suiiocation irom , drowning. The body was very much attenuated. , -The Coroner, in summing up the evidence, dwelt . -in .feeling terms upon this truly melancholy case. . The entries in the deceased's pocket-book, and the language in which they were couched, shewed that the deceased had moved in respectable circles. The letters and memoranda also which were found upon his person corroborated this impression. It was a truly sad case. The jury found that deceased had drowned himself in a lit of temporary insanity, caused by destitution and extreme mental depres sion. On Thursday, an inquest was held, before .. the Coroner at the Forester's Arms, Glebe, upon View.. of, the body of William Valentine Thcmas, then lj ing dead. From the evidence it appears that deceased was a gardener, and addicted to in temperate habits. On the night of Tuosdayhe had, been drinking very hard, and, in place of fining tombed, he sat upon a chest in the bedroom. When his wife awoke early on the following morning she found deceased dead and cold. There was no. marks of violence on the body. The Jury ; found that death had been caused by previous .... habits. of intemperance1 Deceased leaves a wife and nine children. The Coroner again adverted to the melancholy vice of intemperance, which, under the. circumstances of .the high rate of wages now ruling in every department of industry, so fatally . prevails among the labouring classes. — Herald. City Council. — A meetimj' of the Oitv flnmip.il has .been convened by. the Mayor to take place on , Monday ^eek next, in pursuance of a requisition jiiigned by. Alderman Wilshire and Councillors Teden, ^ Simmons, Arkins, Mom'tt, Thornton, Qatley, and Jenkins. The object of the meeting is . .to. '^rescind the resolution adopted on the 22nd jiistant, whereby the sum of £150, was voted as a further reward to Mr. Golden for his services in ?. completing the New Building Act. ' iknECEXCY. — On Thursday two men naqied J aiiies Stewart and John Dignum were fined £5. each with costs for an act of indecency in the' avemie of the George-street Market. ''?',-' . Assault.— On Thursday, Mr. I. H. .Dciscoll solicitor &c.; was committed to take hisxrial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions, far- having assaulted Mr. Thomas Keval Johnson, surgeon, on:sthe previous evening in the publip house pf My, D. Hill in Pitt street. Defendant was admitted to bail. ? -; Stealing Sugar.' — On Thursday a man named Haydon, was committed to take his t ri a f for- steal- ing sugar, the property of Mr Hughes, Grocer, . Georger-street. The prisoner was 'on Saturday. .seen by a boy named Summers to carry away, a bag of ,sugar, in fact he requested Summers to. nssist ?him- to place it ori his shoulder, which he ... did,. thinking he was a norter in th«'pmn1mr nf , v^lr. Hughes. On Wednesday he offered the sugar ipr. sale ' to Mr. Petheridge of York-street, : who ,? said' l»e 'was 'riot a purchaser, however, being ques . turned., about the mannor in which he became pqs . sessed.of it, and his replies being unsatisfactory he S\6uld_not be allowed to remove it. Information vas giyen to the police and Haydon was arrested. 