« Goelocg. ÍAJQQUU OU'JB'IOJÜ, «btiiiü.;Lü IHÖ AN OFFICE FOR THE "ARO US" UM been opened in Malop-streot, West, GEELONG. ALL Lottera and Communications fortín _ Paper, Advertisements, Orders for Job fruiting, (fco,, rora parties in Geelong and the -neighborhood, may be forwarded to that Office, and will meet with the promptest attention. HORSE BAZAAR, Great Ryrio-Btreet, Weat Geelong. Daily Sales of Stock, by Auction. . O'FARRELL AND SON "B sg to inform their numerous frionds and con- stituents, that they will, from this dato HOLD Sales by Auction Daily, at the Horse Bazaar, of Horses, Quiet Cattle, -Carta, Gigs, Carnages, &c;, Commencing each Day At Twelve o'clock, And that, at their Salo Yards, Ashby, ad ioinlng the Harp Inn, They will also hold Sales of Fat Cattle, Sheep, and all unbroken Stock, On any Day of the week when required. The Charges are mado to the Vcndoi, (none io the Purehatsor), and aro as follows, viz. : An Entrance Foo of two shillings por head for email lots of horses, bullocks, and cows, (but \--la'ge lota are exempt from this charge), and commission at the rate of ñvo por cent, on the »mount sales. At the Lively Stables1 in connexion with the Bazaar, Horses for Salo will receive the greatest care and attention, and, if sold, a con e derable reduction will bo mado on the usual «barge for keep Aseeure and well watered Grass Paddock liai been provided for the Tecoption of Cattle and unbroken horses waiting a fixed day of -eale. Whilst informing our friends and consti lienta of having inoroased our days of sale (whioh, previous to the piesont time, were liald only on five days of the week), and the other arrangements above-mentioned, wé "Would beg to offer to them our sincere thanks (or the liberal support we have received as 8toek Agents for the lost eight years. The general knowledge entei tainod by the plblio of our establishment, and the long ex- perience they have had of our qualifications as etook Agents and Auctioneers (a branch of business to which we have devoted the greater part of our time and attention) lenders any com- ment for the reoommondation of either, quite .uanecessary. But we would request the attention of Stockholders to these arrangements j ut made, in connection: with our establish- ment, and whioh, wo consider, will be pro auctive of great benefit to them, lu saving much of the expenso and delay consequent upon want of immediate accommodation for stock when brought for sale, whilst we can always ensutothe highest market price, which the quantity of Stock weekly entrusted to our cara for disposal, and the manner in which our sales are attended, in proportion to others, Will testify. Horse Bazaar, 47148 March 19th, 1853. R MAIL CONVEYANCE. OBERT SCALES, of Geelong hliYiUfi i become tha Collu «owr for ilio line from Colac, through Geelong, to Buninyong and earn Bank, is íeidy to take passengers and pirosis at the times appointed. ¿TABES. £ B. d. Goolong to Coko. 8 0 0 " "Buninyong ... 3 0 0 " " Burn Bank ... 4 10 0 " "Balaarat ... 8 10 0 «Parcels 2a. 6d. each lib. wo-ght or under, Is. extra for every ¿lb. Agents-Mr. Wade, GeuloDg; Mr. --, Colac; and Mr. Akehurst, Buninyong. 471*13 J. GEORGE SHUTTLEWORTH, late _Lof Walworth, London, who arrived at Mel- bourne per ship Hydorabad, will obligo the un- dersigned by forwaiding immediately the parcel of letters, &o.;, received by him fiom Mr. John Garratt, to the tallowing address:-John M. -Garratt, Moorabool-fitreet, Geelong. 42420 GEELONG. ~" «Queen'sHead Hotel, Ryrie-street, west. VISITORS to Geelong will find a good ".?¿able and excellent beda, with every attention to their comfort, on lensonable terms. 41924 . STAG b HOUNDS, MOORABOOL STREET, GEELONG. »THHE undersigned, in rotiring from the ma JL nagement of the above old- ostablished bouse, is desirous of returning thanks to the publie for the extensive patronago which he has anjoyed, and of recommouding his successor, Mr. Lamont, who, ho feols confident, will do all in his power to merit a continuance of pub -Uo favor. N. B, All parcols, &c;, left with the under «igned, will be delivered by Mr. Lamont ; and au persons indebted are informed that Mr. La- mont has been authorised to îecoive payment -and grant receipts for amounts duo. JAMES SMITH. William Lamont, in announcing that he has \ obtained a Transfer of tho Licenso of tho above House, begs to intimate that it is his intention, not only to maintain its former character for the comfort of ita arrangements, and the excel- lence of ita good cheer, but to keep pace with the spirit of progress, and to ondeavor to merit by the most assiduous attention, the piofoionco of oustomers, and to secure not only a continu- ance, but an extension of tho fa vois ol the pub- lie. 47117 HURRAH 1 Cheap faies to Geelong!! Passengers by Steamboat will find clean- liness and moderate chaigcs at the Balaarat Eating House, Moorabool ntieet, near Wharf, Geelong.-Good Beds, obseivo the address 1 444G0 GEELONG. nOOl'EK'S ROYAL MAIL AND FAMILY HOTEL, Comer of Yana aud Corio-streets, (NOM' the Steam-boat Pior.) THE Proprietor, in returning his most sincoio thanks for Uio liberal patioimj.e already oxporiencod fiom tiio most i espectable inhabitnnta of Goolong, infoims visitots to this town that thoy will meet with all the ccinfoitä of an English hotel nt his establishment. Tho Bpacious Dining Saloon in sumptuously and elegantly furnished, aid well adapted foi public or private dinner partió«. Dinners aro served up daily in tha most liberal style, rcgatdless ofexponso. Tho bed-rooms ate fitted up with cvoiy .attention to comfort, The stock of wines, spirits, and English ales and porter, aio most caiefully faelectcil, and unrivalled in tho colonies. Tenus meei erato. Soups ovoiy day, fiom twolvo to two o'clock, a professed cook being engaged. EDWIN nOOPJSR, Lato of Bath, England. Geelong, M»y 21 st, 1853. 47801 RARE CHANOJE^ FOR SALE by private coutract-That coun tiy Inn at Oiosay, on the Windy Yallock, luowfl as tho Frenchman's, and allowed to bo one of tho bo0t stands on tho gi cut line of trnilic to tho west wai d, and dibtant foi ty five milisa irom Goolong. A now house has been lately cioetcd, mid the supplies for winter laid in. Foi p.aiticitlntt*, apply toMossis. Gibton andCiulo, Geelong, tho proprietor on tho pioinibos, oi to tho uudoi aignod. THOMAS HORSBURGH, Agonoy Oflico, 40601 Markot'B(j[ufti'o, Goolorg. Caution. I NOTICE TO BUTCHERS AND OTHERS. ALL parties aro hereby cautioned against ! purchasing from Mr. Robert Mont-i gomery, any cattle branded W on near W off ramp-he Iiaving formally transferred ti e said cattlo to me. _ JOHN ROSS, By his Attorney, 41978 L. MACKINNON. NOTICE. THE horses mentioned below, were sold by us on the respectivo datos, placed against them. Tho Vendors not being able to satibfy ua as to ownership, wo publish them with their brands for public infornlatiou. May 10th. A bay uoiso, branded WH near shoulder May 11th. A bay mare, branded JC near shoulder, W off shoulder. M. MoCAW & CO., 41307" Bourko-srreet. NOTICE.-Tho Horse mentioned below, was sold by us, May 13th. The vendor not being able to satisfy us as to tho ownetship, 'we publish it, with its brands, for public in- formation : One black hores, branded JD near shoulder. M. MoCAW «fe CO., 41939 Bou'ke-stroot. i-oriuio. THE Horse mentionod bslow was sold by . ÜB, May 25th. The vendor failing to satisfy us as to ovvnerthip, wo publish it with its brands for public information. **l A bsy horse, S andB noir "shoulder, 8 off shoulder. M. McCAW & CO., 45533 Bourke-strect. NOTICE. UJNLESS the Mare described below, pur- chased on May 21st from us, by Mr. Pholand, be removed and expenses paid, on or beforo Juno 1st, she will be told by auction to defray expenses. One brown mare, bianded S near Tibs. M. McOAW & CO., 45534 Bourko-ttreet. MR. JOHN ROSE,-Unless the expenses incurred by you and your friend for the keep of the horses loft in my stables, bo paid before thiB day week, the same, together with cart and harness, will bo sold to pay tuch expenses. RACHAEL SAWYERS, Australia Felix Hotel. 30th May, 1853. 46549 HINDMARSH STEAM MILLS, South Australia. THE undersigned having learned that largo quantities of flour have beon offered for sale in Melbourne, in bags containing fifty pounds, and purporting to bear his bland. Notice is given, that ho has neither piepared or sold any fijur in bags containing lets than two hundred pounds : and fuvth« r, that any person detected forging his brand upon bags containing either largo or small quantities, will be prosecuted. TH0S, MAGAREY. 18th May, 1853. 41SGG CAUTION TO POUNPKEEPERS AKD AUCTIONEERS. Reward of Five Pounds. LOST, on tho 15th of April, at Jackson's Creek, one light bay horse, fctar in fore- head, Roman nose, little white downfaco, short switch tail, saddlo marie, branded D on each shoulder; five pounds Rowaid will be given for the delivery of the horse at Mr. W. Honey's, butcher, Gteat Bourke-strect, or at Mr. Har- vey's, Iron Bark üully, storekeeper, Bendigo. 46027 GEORGE HUSSON. NOTICE. THE Hone mentioned below was sold by us, May 2lBt; the vendor not being able to satisfy us as to ownership, we publish it with its brands, for public information. One chesnut uiaie, branded ¿rF near shoulder, 9 near nunp. M. McCAW & CO., 44674 Bourke-street. NOTICE.—If Mrs. Fanny Finch does not call immediately, and remove the goods left at Mr. Mosbey's, and pay the amount due, [t]hey will be sold to defray expenses. 47905 NOTICE. PARTIES having horses grazing in the Paddock at Upper Keilor, belonging to to Mr. James Robertson, will please take notice that a number of horses have been stolen from said paddock. Uppo.. Keilor, 3rd Juno, 1853 48006 , NOTICE. | ALL persons having any claims on the unleisianed, ate hereby requested to| send in their accounts on or befoio tho 21st inst. for liquidat.on. And all porsons othoiwiso indebted, will pienso settle all 'claims again't him by the above date, oi they will bo hnnded over to my solicitoi foi lccovery. WM. JOHN LOUDON, 137, Comer of Swanston and laittlo Bomke streots. 47960 NOTICE. rTiHE following goods have been lying at JL the stoics cf tho Keora Steamer, Gee- long, sisee December, 1852, and if not claimed in ono month fioa this dato, will bo sold to pay expenses. 1 Lo\ wearing apparel, addressed W. Foltham. 1 box wealing apparel, addressed Jane Hun'cr. 1 box wearing apparel, addressed Haugh- ton. S. SMITH, Agent. Geelong, let '.Juno, 1853. 471TO NOTICE to the Public -No pelton has authority to givo any lease of promises belonging to me. Wm. Oliver, Queon- Ftiect, and Molbourno. 48ál5 NOTICE. THE hoises mentioned below wero sold by us on tho 3td of Juno. Tho Vendois not being aMe to satisfy us'as to owno'sliip, wo publish them with their brands for public in ioi nialioii. One light-biown hoise, EB blotch near shoulder. Ono bay hoisa.TJP norn shoulder, T eff should«. W. MoCAW and Co., 48149 Biutkobtieot. IF tho Mate that was left in my paddock, somo tinto since, is not claime.1 and ex- penses paid, within fourteen days aft/i this dalo, it «ill bosold todofinyo\pinsc*-. AndiOAv Binns, Spring Yale, Salt Watci Rivei, May 24. 48338 SPOLliN, fiom William MoNeo's ViOona Folgo, Flmdois-stieet, Melbourne, on Friday, 27th Slay, about half past 5, r.vi., a Horse Diay, painted giccn, had new t-ide-iions upon it; any ono giving Rich infoiiuattcn as will load to tho locovöiyot the above, shall icceivo £5 Reward, oi £10 on conviction of the thiof. WM. McNEES. STOLEN by tho Coiibtnblo*-, aDopo it diavvn by tho Bunk of Now South Wales in favor of John Fennel, for Thiily Pounds (ray .-£30), dated 1th May, 18C.1, No. 3707, mid the wini of Eighty Pounds in cash. 4319a JOHN FENNEL, NOTICE-Tho poison who took tho diay fiom Piotty bulli"H nil], on oi about the tstiust., ia lequesled to íostoio it ti tho ownor, or avvairnntwill LO ist ned immediately for bin nppiolicnsion. John Whoulor, 234, Littlo Collins stroot, cßBt, 4,§?7j> s Ketraräa. FIFTÏ POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN from Sutton Grango, a Roan Coh, low Bet, square made, wide action with his hind-legs, branded WVconjoincd off neck, and HN conjoined near shoulder. He was seen by S H. G. Bennett, Esq., in the possession of a bushranger who robbed him on the Cainpaspie last month. _ Tho abovo Reward will bo paid for the con- viction of the said bushranger, and five pounds for information that will lead to the recover}* of tho horse, or ton pounds if delivered either at Charlotte Plains or Sutton Grango. H. N. SIMSON. Charlotte Plains, Loddon River. 36626 FIVE OU TJ£N POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN or Strayod, from Prahran, one grey Maro, about fourteen hands high, branded £-j on near Bhouldor, flesh wound w I near hind quarter, slightly flea-bitten, long switch tail. A Reward of Fve Pounds will bo paid to any person delivering her at the îoridenco of John Goodman, Esq., Prahran, or at the storos of the undersigned ; or^Ten Pounds Reward will bo paid on recovory of the mare and con- viction of the thief. C. & A. LOCKE, Latrobc-strcet, east, 40544 Near Elizaboth-street. TEN POUNDS R lu WARD. STOLEN or Strayed from near Aitkcn's Gap, on Fiid¿y last, one Large Black Entile Horse, star in forehead, mottled nose, two hind feet white, no vi«iblo brand. Whoever will give such information to tho undortigned as will lead to tho recovery of the said horse, shall receive Five Pounds if strayed, or Ton Pounds on tho conviction of tho offenders. JAMES WRIGHT, x Timber Merchant, Swanston-strcot. Melbourne, 16th May, 1853. 42297 TWO POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN OR STRAYED-A Bay Mare, branded WD off neck und.r mane, left last on the W Creek with her foal. Whoovot will bring the samo to Jamos Walker, Ship Inn, Flinders-lano, shall rocoive the above reward. 41372 FOUR POUNDS REWARD. ITRAYED, from a paddock at South Yarra, y a light Grey Horse, nearly white, but ticked with small brown spots, or flea-bitten ; switch tail ; b.anded on noar ribs with a half circlo and bar. Has marks of being lately blistered all round. Also a Bay Pony, branded F near shoulder, and with a white patch on ono of the hind fet- locks. Any one bringing tho above, or fur- nishing satisfactory information to Mi-. Balbir nie, Balmerino Homo, South Yarra, will ro eoivo the Roward of two pounds for each horse. _43499 TEN POUNDS REWARD. THE undermentioned seamen having de- serted from the Danish barque Cheruska, the abovo Reward will bo given to any party on such information being laid down as will lead to their apprehension. Royal Danish Consulate, J. B. WERE. Niel Hommeltof Nis Lundbek Hans Jensen Ennemark Hans Peter Kofort. 43075 ' CAUTION. To Poundkeepers and Others. LOST or Stolen, about fifty miles from Melbourne, on the Ovens river road, A chcjnut draught Mare, no brands, silvery mane and tail, rather largo joints. Also, a bay draught horse, branded JP near shoulder, from a paddock near Melbourne. Also, a black draught Maro, branded S near shoulder, from a paddock in Little Brighton, near hind fetlock white. Any person hi inging the same to C. Coates, Poit Phillip Club Hotel Stables, or giving such information as will leid to their recovery, shall receive Five Pounds for tho chesnut mare, and Threo Pounds each for the othor two. 43157 TEN POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN, from the Mail Station, Little River, Molbourno Road, on the afternoon of tho 14th instant, One dark bay nor-to, black points, branded TG on offside nock, soi-d on near side neck, dono by the collar, similar lo a seam, about three inches long. One bright bay Horse, whito face, branded on off side nock TG, near hind and noar fore foot whito, with a bar on near shoulder. Tho sum of Ten Pounds will bo paid to any patty who may find the above described horses, and bring to conviction tho thief or thieves, or a sum of Two Pounds (£2) por head will be paid to any party delivering the said horses to the Mail Station, Littlo River. THOMAS GIBSON. Geelong, Mav 15th. 1853. 4313c5 TEN POUNDS EDWARD. C1AUTION to pouudkecpors, niiotioneore, / and others.-Stolen from the Mcivor diggings, ono grey Horse, braudod EB on tho near shoulder. Anv person delivering h;m to George Cas- tles, Kilmore, or toi. Moshford's store, Mcivor dipgincs, vrill reçoive the abovo Reward. 47C29 EEWARO.-Two Pounds Reward will bo j given to any poison who will restore a Chesnut lloiso, whito fuco blazed, whioh strayed in Lonsdale-stroet to-day, markod SE -near thouldor, SB off sliouldor, to Mi-J IH R. Williams, Biidgo Inn, Flindors-lane. Melbourne, 2nd June. 47766 S TW0" POUND REWARD. ITOLEN or ¿tra ed ftom tho head of the "J long gully, a Bay Horse, W, D. on near t-boulder, star in tho forehead ; whoever will return tho same to Thomas Hanly, store- keeper, near tho White-hill, Bondigo, shall re- ceive two pounds Rcwaid. Bendigo, May 20th, _47708 FIVE POUNDS REWARD. LOST or Stolen, a datk gtoy Horso, branded S reversed on near shoulder, and M on off shouMoc ; if brought to Swaniioll's Livery Stables, back of liakoio' Anns, Eliza- beth-street, will receive tho above Rovvaul. 41055 TWENTY POUNDS REWARD. "jj" OST or Stolen, a Cheque on tho Union -"-i Bank for £130, No.^ 0199C3, dr.ted 23rd May, in favor of Mr. F. Rees, and drawn by G. D. Gill, pnymont of which has been stopped at tho Bank ; also, six or Bevon Bank of Vitoria £5 notes, sovoial receipts, and a leathor puiso. If lobt, a Rewind of £10 will bo given to the flndor ; if stolen, £20 will bo given on conviction of thief. F. REES, Near the Royal Hotel, St. Kilda. TWENTY POUNDS REWARD. ISLAID tt tiio Union Bank, a Pocket ^, - book, containing £70 in £10 notes, the numbera of which aio known, and soino other p 1)101 s. Whosoovor will biiag tho samo to tho offieo of 1MB paper, Mill receive the above Reward. í 48920 LOST, a brown box, tulton by Hiiitiiko, from tho ship Essex, por Vc; ta stoamcr ; who ovor will bring inf'ot mutton of tho same to 13, Littlo Loiibdalo-stioct, west, will bo handsomely Rewarded. 4B4SO LOST, near Quoon-bticot, on Monday, n Bakor's Account Book. Any potion find- ing it will bo Rewarded by taking it to Mr. Gator, 105, Stephen-street. 46030 Rewards FIVE POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed from Kangaroo Gully, one light gray mar j, branded X near shoul C der, switch tail. The abovo reward to bo payed on delivory of said maro to MR. JOS. GLOSS, Red Hill. Bendigo, Msy 19th. 47709 FIVE POUNDS REWARD. Caution to Auctioneers, Poundkeopera, and Oihois. STOHB.N or Strayed from Sheop Wash Creek, near Bendigo, on the 20lh May, a black horse, branded DK on cff shoulder ; two othor invisible brand". Als3, a bay horse, about seventeen hands high, WD on off thoul- dor, dHB conjoined on near shoulder. Any person delivering either of tho above horses to Messrs. J. mid W. Routlodge, Mcivor, will eceivo tho above Reward. 47965 ONE liUNuRED PUUNDi REWAED. ABSCONDED from our storo, about 15th May last; Michael Thomas Stacy We sh, tilling with bim a Bum of money ; tho above Reward will bo given to any petbon who shall give huch infoimstion as shall load to his appiehonsion, (ho is a young man, about 5 feet 9 inches in height, fiorii complexion, dark hair, blue or grey cyos, and wears a moustache,) by applying to Charles Mackellar and Co , storekeepers, Nino Milo Creek, Ovens, or James Homphill and Company, Melbourno, shall receive the above Rtwaid. June 1st, 1853. 47413 i«lVl< PuUiXDS Ru WARD STOLEN or Strayed, fiom Mi Palmei's Paddock, Kilmoio, a light chesnut horse saddle maiked, brmded li eil shouldei, white stupe clown face, shoitswit li tail 'J vi o pounds Rewaid will Le paid, if strayed, or five, pounds, if stolen, on conviction of the thief, addiess, Geoigc (Castles, Kilmoie, or S Goode piratci 59, bnans oi stieot , 18318 ÎUoBt groperty» PJCIvb addic«sed, Mi Ldmund Jacob, the finder will leicwaided on bringing it to 151, Ross-ill "tieet, late Samt and Somerton s Store. 4o850 FOUND, in my paddock about the first of April, Two Hoiaes, of tho following de tcnptions -One groy Horse, aged, with shoeB on, branded K on off shoulder. a Also, A mouse colored Pony Horse, small stai on foiehcad, saddle marked, branded CW off libs undei saddle, docked tail I hereby giv o notice that if the said Hot ses are not claimed, and all oxpenscs paid on oi befoie fifteen daj s from this date, the j will be sold by public auction, to pay expenses, en quire at Po'sum-grove, Campbellfield, on the Old Sjdney-road, twelve iniloi fi in town J iMDS MURRAY June 4 1853 47859 TO STOREKEEPERS, DRAYMEN, AND OllILBS LOST, a Case oi Boots, about throe feet Equaio, dnected for- Mr Thomas Kav Whoever has got the a--ove, and will bung them to Mr Edwin Jacks n, Cornwall Arms Gieat Bouike s loct, will bo har.dbom.cly n waided any person dc»a mr g tho same aftei this not ce will bo prcs cuted Monday, Juno 6th, 1853 4S610 ©rasing' ^Pautä-ooKs. MOUNT ARARAT PADDOCKS _ 18,000 Acies, fenced in "JTv'ROM 1st Apnl, the terms foi grazing wil ÀJ be £2 2s per annum, or a less po-iod, pajabloon removal No responsibility No ontiro stock ad nutted. N B -Horses taken to the paddocks and te dohvorcd at P Milrick's Victoria Stables Swanston stieot, overy Thursday, at very mo derate charge« 44S65 S HENRY CLUTTERBUCK. GLLNROY PADDOCK, (Lato Mi W M Postkthw ito's) FROM and aftor this dato, tho charge foi grazing hoiaes will be 7s pel week Horcoä (halteied) left with Mr Tracey Clown Stables, Queen street, and Mr Mel rick'**, Victoria Stables, Swanston etioet, will be f rwarded free of charge, ou Wednesday oach week ALEXANDER GUTHRIE N B -The horses at piesont running in the paddock will bo charged 7B, fiom l«t Juno rext All oharges to bo paid on delivery No stock dehveied on Sundry s Evciy caio ttkeu but without losponsibility 39706 GT RAZING Paddock, Daicbin Oieel K Hortes taken in at 7s Gd pur week ovoiv caiotilnn, but no responsibility 'Iho above psddotk is within twelvo rail»s of Moll oun e, and on the new ion! ti Ivilmoio, and witina one milo of Mi Toogood's Inn on the sv d nev load, anv hones left (halteied) at Mr Lynchs Ruddock, Hawthorne, within two milo« of Molboumo, wilt bo taken to the pad- dock free of chai go 42158 DANDENONG O razing Paddock, rdjom ing the township of Dandenong 20 miles fiom Mclbouino, hornes and bullocks will bo íecoived R C WALKER N B. Tciward Cousin«, (the uhowman of Messrs Bear and Son's Sale yards, vvhoro ho can bo seen overy day,) will send Stock to the paddock foi paitics 44002 B VLAMARANG GRAZING PADDOCK HORSE*« 1 ftatMetbis Pobm and Boug-as's Liveiy Stables, Lhzabelh «trect, will bo forwaidcd onco a foitnight at 16s per head Cha gea for Paddock 20 por quarter without i cspon«ibil tv.. 41925 ^srtaerrjïiips',. NOilCE THE Partnership hitherto exis'mg betwoon tho undeisigned, James Sinclair Rich aidoon, rnd Gcoigo Whito, in Mclbouino and Ocelrng, as Iionmongets, undor tho firm o Richnidbon and White, is his day dissolved by mutual consent All debts owing to tho lata firm to bo paid in Melboumo to Mr Richmd-"on, and In Geo lonp to Mi Whito, who will also receive foi liqu dation claims against tho lato fit ni, and which aio loquested to bo sent in without de lw Datod, 31st March, 1853 JAMLS S RICHARDSON GEO WHITE Witness to tho Bignatnro of J S Richnidson JOHN Bee AIM Witno-is to the signatmo of Geo White, 40329 INO L BROOKBANK NOTICE. npHE Part lerslnp existing undor the finn o! JL Donaldson and Budge having beon dis solvod, Horny Budgo, of tho abovo finn, bot,e to intímalo that ho v ill continue the but?in«! as hoictoioio, and that ho has ossu bed RÍ paitaors, his biothus Peter fnd David Bu^ge and that tho bus nets will bo earned onfiom thiB dato undor tho namo and firm of Budge Bl others MoVbonrne, 1st Jan , 1853 44572 PUBLIC NOllCL rg-allE railnoi«lup httheito o\i«lmg unclni ti tho fun of 1 N Roynolds&Co;, Moi «hanti of Molbouino, liai be n this day dis- solved as du as ro p ot« the utulcrMj w ill not boaccountablo lol any debt 11 debts con tinctid, and nil ¿lobta duo to oi by tho concern aio to bo collected and disbtusud by tho pie sont finn Dated Itt Juno, 1851 PIERCE JONES WILLIAMS. Witnccs, Ronr n Mo FAinn-tD, Solicitor, Melbourne 47700 Hstolá and Refreshment blooms DEVONSHIRE INN, Brighton. ROSE bogs to intimate to his friend« and tho public generally, that having taken tho abovo premisos formorly in the oc- cupation ,of Mr. Towt, no exertion shall be wanting on his part to render tlie Hotel com- fortable and convenient, and ho trusts that by assiduity and attention, to merit the approba- tion of thoso who may honor bim with their patronage. W. It., will always have on hand, a ohoioe selection of wines, spirits, ales, &o.; Feb. 2nd, 1863. 4C591 BRITISH And Gorman Dining and Coffeo Rooms, 70, Collins* street, east. NISSEN & WEDEL RESPECTFULLY recommjntling them solvo3 to tho patromgo of the public in geneial, bog to point out to those who, although desirous of Eui opean comfort, aio never- theless reluctant to submit to tho colonial charges of the houses in vogue-their spscial object, of attaining the proper mud inn, and presenting their friends a moderato hat of faics, combined with the advantagesuf a nettly fitted np suit of rooms, good attendance, and general propriety. May 7th, 1853. 39S74 IMPORTANT TO NEW ARRIVALS AND GOLD DIGGERS. WILLIAM FINLAY, Royal Oak, 106, Elizaboth-strevt, Melbourne, in retnrn ing_ thankB to the public of Melboumo and its vicinity, for the liberal support they have favored him with, begs loavo to inform them that ho has on hand a largo supply of alo, por tor, spirits, and wines, of the vory best quality ; and that his house has undergoiio a thorough repair. Ho likewise bogs leavo to solicit the patronage of the publie of'Melbourne and its vicinity, trusting by strict attention to- tho in- terests of his customers he will moot with the same support, N.B.-Good clean beds, of tho best quality Molbourne.3id May, 1853. 38366 GLEN LYON INN, Western Port District, ¡Tour Miles from Spring Creak Diggings, an« eight from Sailors' Creek. CR. PHILLIPS bogs to intimate to hit . friends and tho public that ho has pur- chased the above promises, and obtained the transfer from Mr. Murray, and that it ia as re- plete as possible with overy attraction. The house affords ample accommodation for travel- lers, the situation is one of tho most healthy »nd delightful in the neighbourhood, and the proprietor feels assured that tho arrangements will be found such as cannot fail to insure the entire approbation of those who may honor hirs ivith their patronago. Neither pain3 nor ex- pense have boon spared in securing a first-mte stock, and tho service of efficient servants te oarry out the cbjeot of tho proprietor to secure .alisfaction to all. Good Stabling and an extensivo Paddock well watered by the Loddon, which rum through it. Diggers' Hoisos taken in at 10s perwook. 41575 DUKE Ob' WELLINGTON HOTEL. RICHARD DALTON begs leavo to inform his ftiond} and the public, that ho has obtained a liccr-ss for thoso spacious pi émises sitúalo at Flinders-street, corner of Rii'sall strett, lately in tho occupation of Mrs. Smith, as a family boarding-houso, and the pioperty of Mr. Councillor Lane. To professional gentlemen, mercantile men, and gentlemen engaged in bus-ncss, this hotel affords peculiar accommodation. Ils îet'red. aud beautiful situation facing the Yarro, and its closo proximity to tho business parts of the city, render it a residence not only lo bo dc-sired hut covfct'd. N B.-Tho best of wine3 and spirits always on hand. - 4C507 THE MELBOURNE LARDER, 40, Collins-street, east. GEO. EDWARD WniTF, bogs to an- nounce that his . UPPER SALOON 13 NOW OPEN lo the public, and in doing so, returns his vory io-poctful and best thanks for the extensiva support and kind cnccuragomcnt ho hasic ceived, pledging himEolf to do his best to secure tho utmoit attention, civility, cleanliness, ease an i comfort to his customers, combinod willi carefully selected and well prepared nfich monts, of every description/ at modélalo and reasonable cliarg03. Those gentlemen who think him worthy to be entrusted with a licin-o to supply his cu-iomers with als, wine, and tpirits, will confer an obligation by signing a memorial to tho Worshipful the Jus- tices of the Pcacofor the City of Melbourno, to that ofloct, noiv lying at the Larder for Minia- ture. . - 167 l'a Mew Works. TO ha published, on tho let July.-Map of the Settled Districts, e of fifty p.'iiishcs around Melbourne, eoloi ed, and shewing tho pavii-h and county boundaries. With bookof reference to tho sourions and al- lotments, the quantities aud purchaser's names, hy . A. PURCRAS, O.E., 45760 81, Collins-street, ca6t. HODGES' IMMIGRANTS' LANDING 'DIRECTOR " Price 1s. The above will commence issue on Mon day, 14th inst., for the purpose of afford- ing immigrants (previous to leaving their ship), concise, simple, and practicable direc- tions for landing and obtaining lodgings, store room, hotel accommodation, &c;, and contain also such information as will be calculated to answer the inquiries arising from their pecu- liar situation. Advertisements may be inserted by Bankers, Store and Boarding-house keepers, and Auc- tioneers only. Terms of Subscription for Advertisements For one year.... £3 10 Half do. (payable in advance) 2 0 Quarter ... ... ... 1 0 The publisher boards every passenger vessel immediately on anchoring in the bay, and from the above date will commence taking an ample supply of the "Director" with him, its low price places it at the commaud of all per- sons. A placard distinctly showing the objects for which the Director is published, will be placed in theo most conspicuous part available, of every ship during the time of sale. To immigrants the usefulness of such a pub- lication cannot be questioned ; they are fur- nished with that which will assist them bene- ficially by an economy of time and money. To subscribers the advantages are obvious ; all who land must have lodging, and ninety nine per cent, require store-room, and being convinced they can obtain both one and the other, will prevent very many from making a sacrifice of what goods they have for sale to the first person who meets them on the ship, ready to take advantage of their inexperience, and point them to the legitimate auction mart, while of necessity their attention becomes con centrated on the subsecribers advertisements contained in the Director. Persons wishing to become subscribers, can do so from the 1st or 14th of every month, on which days their advertisements will commence to be inserted, and on alteration made if re quired in prior advertisements. Notice of new advertisements, and altera tions, to be delivered seven days previous to the above dates, to Hough, Heath and Co, 174, Elizabeth-street, to which place all communi cations must be addressed. CHARLES POWELL HODGES. N.B. Persons wishing to have advertise ments inserted on the first day of issue, will please forward the same to the above address, on or before Wednesday next» 41980 Kducation. LAUNCESTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL, V. D. L. Visitor,-Tho Loid B-riiop of Tasmania, willi a Board of Lay Trustees. npERMS for boarders under twelve ye ara of H. age, 50 gninor.8 per annumn; abovo that age, 60 guineas per amiu-nn; payable quarterly in ¡i-lviinco. Tha B'hool prem'sos aie well adapted for boarders, being specially built by the trustees, lofty and spacious. Refer- ence can bo given to Parents in Mclbouino, whose sons aro in tho school, and applications o the Rev. H. P. Kimo, Headmaster, will meet with immediate attention. 47652 EDUCATION. John Knox's Free Chuich Seminaiy, Swanston-atrcot. PARENTS and guaulians aro respectfully infoimed that, tha malo and female de partaient» of tho abovo Institution aro con- ducted on the mort approved system pursued in (he first eeminaiies in Scotland. Terms-Ono guinea each pupil per quarter payable in advance; with musía (piano), two guineas. The quat ter conbislB of tvvelvei weeks, reckoned from tho date of tho pupil'sentorlng. Mr. McMaster, Hoad Teacher. Miss Garie, Govemots and Piano Teaohoi Mr. McL'tcsh, English Master. Mr. G. L. Allen, Music Master. April 22, 1853. 46734 LADIES' SEMINARY. MISS POLIrfTACK, lately from Europa, begs most respoctfully to onninnce to the gentry of Melbourno, that she lus just succeeded in her arrangements for commencing a Ladies' Boaiding and Day School. In addil-on to tho usual instruction of a pound English education, tho Young Ladies will have the advantage of daily lo-ions from à master of the University of 'Heidelberg in Geimany, in all tho higher branches of educa- tion, .namely-history, geography, the use of the globes, combined willi astronomy,, natural history i botany, and tho French languago. Terms,-For Boarders, 100 guineas per an- num. Under severn years, of age, 80 ditto. Music and Dancing extra. ' Day Scholars, 4 guineas per quirt or. References aro kindly allow-od to His Excel- lency Mr. LuTrobe. tho Loid Bishop of Mel- bourne, and Mrs. Perry», Dr. and Mrs. Howitt, and the Rev. Matthias" Goethe. Kyto's Buildings, Regent-street, near Victoria Parado, Collingwood. 4-1584 ST. HELEN'S OlsEsioal, Scientific, and Commercial Academy Corio Bay, Geelong. DR. HICKSON will ro-opon tho above institution on Monday, January 10th, 1853, for the reception of a limited number of jantiemen's sons, as boarders only. Tho ar- rangements are of a superior character, and the paramount advantages of the locality for sca bfithiag and gonoral Baluhrity aro universally »2knowledged. The pupils aro reqnired to bring with them st least two sets of bed linon, and half-a-dozen towels distinctly marked. TEBMS. For thoso under 12 yeans ... 60 guineas. Do. above do. ... 80 guineas. No extras. Fees quarterly in advance. 47492 TUITION lw V. D. LAND. AMAltRIED Clergyman of tho Church of England, resident near Hobart Town, who takcj six lads, lus ono vacancy, or would take two brothers. Further particulnrs may bo kr.own on application to Mr. J. 3. Woro, Melbourne. 4SS( 6 KITING Taught aud Improved, fiom tight to twelvo lessens, by MIB. Land ley, from London ; ago no consequene?. Spe- cimens, and testimonials of pupils, at her resi- dence, 2-1, Great Colliris-streot. 48353 .So G-olsl XMg-grss-ß. OVENS GOLD FIELD. PARTIE3 proceeding to the abovo Golo Field, can havo their horses propurly attendtd to by having them foiwardod to the Woorsjay Station, on Roid's Creek, two milci rom tho lower Spring Creok Diggings. Tht cattle aro tailed out all tho day on first-ratt feed, and put into a largo and sccuro paddoci at night. Tei-ms, five shillings a head pet week. 45583 rS^O all whom it may concern. Tho nearest JL and beat route from the Ovens to ths Bendigo io by the Broken River, Maguire'e Punt, Cnlbin Abbyn.lato the slatkm of Edward Cnrr, Enq., the Canip&spi; Inn, and thenco bv Mr. Loynolt'B station to the Bendigo. 4S210 TO DIGGERS AND OTHERS. DIGGERS aro infoimed that luggage may bo convoyed to any of the Diggings at tho cuiront rates by T. B. Twis and Co., Car- riers r.nd Commission Ko*chants, on the wharf, next door to li. & J. Ccoko. 48070 "W, M olVOR BIGGIN Ga.-Approved two and JLvJL throo Horso Drays are* arpsiuted to load every day during the week at tho Labor Maikct, precisely at 12 o'o'ook, with pnssen gors' luggago, merchandise, and general g.vodi for tho abovo favorite diggings ; also, one or moro drays daily for Bondigo, Forest and Fryer's Creeks. Agents at all the diggings to reçoive goods. MoCorinack and Sou, Labor Market, 4c46l TO CABBIERS.-The road carriers and othors on their way to Forest Creek or Bendigo can ¿toro goods or luggage r.t the Gap Store, Aitkon's Gap, whero it will bo taken overy cire of at raodorato charges. N.B. Tho largo tont a few hundred yards bcyoud tho Gap Inn. Evory information given with regard to tho stato of tho roads, etc b 4*483 l AN Express light conveyance, leavos for Mcivor diggings, to-morrow afternoon ; messages ard patoals conveyed at a rcaconablo rato ; rocm for one passenger ; direct Mr. Body, offieo of this paper. 48920 BANK OF ENGLAND NOTEÜ AN , GOLD Ixraght by 1 ROBERT KENT St CO. 89239 88, Collins-street, west. STEAM COALS. ?TPHE undersigned are purchasers of English K or Woloh Steam Coals, WILLIS, MERRY, & CO., 40973 72, Flinders-lano, wat. TO BUTCHERS AND OTHERS. npnR highest prico given for Sheepskin» A. Greasy Wool, Tallow and Hides. WILLIAM DUNN, Tanner, Fcllniongov i.nd Tallow Chandler, 89215 14, Groat Bouvko-stieot ?'spllE Full Maiket. Valtio jiivt-n in Ca-h, lol JL every description of Colonial Producá. Gold Bought in any quantity. HENRY L. DAYIS, Producá Broker. Old Brewery, Flitidc-in lane. 41720 ni HE Undoisignod aiopivpaved to pinchase Jj or make iiilvMices on nil descriptions oi Colonial Produce consigned to Ihc-ir lrionii.i. Mcßiiu. B.iriii!*;, Brotlu-iv, «nJ Co. GOODMAN « UMPnELBY, 4-M50 Pi ColHii-t-hlrtM ADVANCES ON GOLD DUST, ¿:c Tho imdoivipncd will muire liberal ad- vances on Wool, Tallow, and Gold Dust, con- signed to Mes«. Todfom and Alexander, 3i< Groat Winohoitor-stioct, London. THOMAS ANDREW, 43134 41 Maikct-fiju. Miscellaneous. ?-ES8H8. AUSTIN & lNNEsTÈriAÎ^ers plasterers; oveus Lutlt, bre-vlng COD pars fixed, steam boilers, do. ; address 21 Wat lington-stroBt, Collingwood, or at Mr LiiX orpotite Dr, Hovvitt's, top 0f Great Collins street, cast, Melbomne. 48932 MONEY. 10 000 POUNP3 *? ,end on »«»t. 1U,UW g"go. m vanous suma ; apply WftiiïnM?.?rild!n Mld Bl0aHl«-t. Solicito«, No. 70, Collins-street, west. 48853 ' CORRUGA! ED IRON HOUSES-" MANUFACTURED under lWs na tents of November, 1852, iuppl edPon shortest notice, by Richards and Co.,XLc * don agents foi patentée, export iionmoncerT 117, BihhopsBa ALL Pei«.ns dfeiious of dupoting of mi. chineiy of any d. seiiption, will find it advan Bg:ous to apply to Vitusseu«- and Tavlor 1», l'hiidcib-lanc, vee t. 4Sr,r,[ * NOTICE OF REMOVAL" ' TYB/n -M1^1-?' iruno,al Undertaker. JL a-d Bmldeis, have removed fre-mFord and Siutriime-, Stepheo-street.to the cerner ot lia '1 ioho and Spiing-sttcelp. 48734 JbFPClvS «»d DIEU, and"aÍTU!Zeís¡í¡v7. . O' ing Tackle mado to order, Ron Turnin-V»* m general : apply to J. Royal, at Messrs. Roboita and I't'igcson'a Dray Yard, Mel 1t/tt,pt,n .1 l bourne. 4S756 Nouai -~ MR. W. C. YUILLE wH,e, to infona perúes who have pun based land of him, that ho leaves this Colony vrithin six weeks from the piescnt data, and'that he will exectlto all conveyances left, wi'li and approved of by his solicitor (Mr. T. T. A'Bcckett).befút*e loaving. ' Melbourne, Jur.o 3,1853. 48008 Til KB NOTICE. ' ~ THOMAS CARTER, cf Upper Keilor, han taken those extensivo pi omises situated on Keilor plains, and intends to open those ex- tensivo promises in Hay mid Coin and Genewl Provision Stores. Thomas Carter begs to state that he hag excellent stabling ar.d good Accommodation fur tiavellera; also, a Butchering establish- ment. » 44158_THOMAS CARTEB. A CERTAIN FORIUJ;K IS A Snoit-r TIME. MR JOHN JONi.S, Storekeeper, Auctioneer, and Eating House Keeper, Campboll's Cieok, Mount Ab'sandee, BEING about to rctiio from business, and proceed to England, will tell tho whole of his business in its varioiw blanches. To any pel son possessed of a moderate capital, the bus'ness now carried on by Mr. Jone«, both as to pcs'licn, lenglh cf time it has been establi-hed, c\teu«ive connexion, and genotnl notoriety, will cniuiato his successor a fortuna in a lunarkiibly fhoii timo, The buildings cons!«t of a lal.co now auction room, tent CO feet by 20 nml 10 feet high, with fiatnc work and fi«;lu-c3; a ptcio at,d oating houce united, aloat 100 ¡eft in bugin by l8 Pet vvido, containing stindiy aparlments and fixtures, with attached piivtte room, carpeted, bottom and top, with btabling foi ten horses and a laigo s'ook yaid. The purchaser c ni havo thi» option of taking tha stock at a valuatb n, or oihctw'sc treat for the buildings alrnc, in wli'ch latter case the steele w 11 bo d'spesed of cither by publie auction or private contract. The winter having now set in, it will bs ¿d vantageous to any perron wishing to treat for tho al ove lo loso no timo as it io r.well know fact th t the wintci season is '.ho sUrckccper'ev hal vest. All letters mutt be post paid ard addressed lo Mr. John Joncs,-micturneo', ctj , Campbelt'i Creek, Forcrt Crek Pottifliec. 45095 CHEAPEST OUTFIT FOR DIGGERS. 40- SWAtîSTON-STREVr-40, Next to the Rainl ov,' Hotel, l.car tke Polioa Court. Emigtauto' goods bottylit or taken in. exchango at fair pi ices. 47409 MELBOURNE MARINE ASSURANCE OFFICE, Chamber of Conrnoice Buildings, No. 71, Couins-sticet. For tho In-ur.ance of Shipi, Ho'.cl.aidiso, Gold &c;, to all parts of thewoikl. Conducted aceoiding t.a tho ttsa"o at Lloyd's. POLICIES underwritten dvly by Mor chanU, of Mclbouino, o! uiideniablo re- spectability. RATI-S oi" Pr.EViiiM var. CENT Guiaeai GrcatBiifain,goocls 2* Ditto gold .lü Singnpoie, gold ... 1J To Sydney, r;oods. 1 "From, ditto, ditto,. l\ Ditto, gold. Í5 Ditto steamor, gold -j Adelaide, goods ... li Ditto, steamer, gold 1 Hobart Town, goods.1J Ditto steamer, gold 1 Launceston .'.1 Guineas. Port A!'ei t.I}. Tullian J Bay ... % Port K.uiy.2J Port Nicholson .. 2j China 01 India ... 24 Mi'iiil.a.2Ï California .2j Trin RISKS. 3rr.ot.ths. 4 0 ditto . 6 12 ditto .12 Wluloi? pe-rvoy mro.12 GEORGE SMYTH, , 86257 Bioker._ EAST INDIA AND COLONIAL AGENCY. i /TESSR^. OASSIN &? CO , 93, Cheapside, ^.VA. London, Consignee") to Mticl ants and Otheis, bog to anncunce tlutt in ci n¡>eqnenoo of tho greatly inci a.sea farilittci fw lapidlyoi tendiug comiuei-tUl tiaiisac-tifiis between India, China, tho Auftialian Colonie«, and Europe, this Agency w i.vailaiile for the purchase and salo of thai c t in the y ai Ums Bank B, i ¡ailways.and other Ind an Seoul ifio-', cip..cially thoso of Aus- tralia, whine the io:ont discov'-tic&of; mineral gold, havo opeiatcd so pjwoifully in the rapid rise in-prico of focurities gcnually, arid as this department will bo conducted by Mr. Henry Casan, who has conBidereWo oiT-cinl eipancneo in Railway matteis, and who lisa great facili- ties for obtaining the catlic«t private mfoimation of events lR-ely to cP.'ect tho irles of oxohango and valuocf all di» riptioiis of se uritiiB, par- ties imvy loly uron tluir inrtiuettons being piomptly and faithfully attended to. London, 93, Cheap«ido, 7th Fobtuary, 1853. 33<1J_ bTuRE hU..t'.P. . . DALMAHOY CAMPBELL Ins received jir-ti lierions to tell by private con trnt, 4400 Etoi o sheep. i3b'tö MAIZE.-Parties wanlln«» mnizo, cmshed or gioiind qmcli, lilted mid laid down within tho city boimdaiy, on most leasonablo teims; apply to Ifuir-t and Morgan, Great Bouiko-stiett, cast, opposite tho Labor Mar-. I:et,___ 4GlJ7 - C A R D. TAMFS WATTEUÜiON, I Mid Agent, J Valuator, Hock at-d bUfitn Salesman, and Gcneuil Ih.vker. Lloi d'.« Exchntiiii', Collins-strcc-t, Mell oui no. Intioduced hy James Simpson, KE-}-g295 TO LAND OWNERS IN RICHMOND, AND COLLINGWOOD. Now Map. T&iiTR.; WILLIAM GRKI'N, Lund Agent, Wk li'iing dowioiiK of publWiUT, Mapjof tho "boro named rapidly it c i*«i"ff Mibuibs, wiU fo obliged to rn-Ho- who havo out up ^^ or who havo foimed pnv-.to iti«te,oi' JlE!'ta T WAV, ifti.ov wiulil fnn.iih li'ui with i "P»« m the plan«. ' 29, Gtcnt BoinU-sticet, CMt. A CArtD. "ESSPS. KDWD. ti T. A, LASCELUB, ^.TJi. J UN., Comm'ssioii and Stock Agent*«, and Auctiouccis, Gloat Ryrio-tticet, east, Geo!ong. 42396 