THE BIRTHDAY BALL. The grand ball given by His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor is too important and too rare an event in the beau monde of Australia, to be passed over without a more extended notice than we were able to give in our last. We must, in the first place, do justice to the architects. It was only on the 16th inst. that the Lieutenant Governor decided upon giving the ball, at which time there was no ball- room so that the Government architects had only seven clear days in which to erect one, and it was required to be capable of accommodating 1500 persons, besides the band, attendants, servants, &c.; They, however, undertook the herculean task, and have most successfully accomplished it. The suite of rooms erected by them (close to the government offices in William-street) cover an area of 6600 square feet. The framing and sides of the building are of wood and the roofs of corrugated iron; the rooms are sufficiently substantial to stand ten years without repair. The general arrange- ments of the work were under the direction of James Balmain, Esq., acting Colonial Architect, and the practical detail and execu- tion of the work were entrusted to Mr. J. G. Knight, Civil Engineer, the gentleman who successfully constructed the Iron Military Barracks for the 40th Regiment. The rooms were hung with tapestry, were decorated with festoons of flowers, and were illu- minated in a manner at once brilliant, tasteful, and picturesque. Mr. Kemp, the architect, is preparing perspective views of the interior, to be forwarded to the Illustrated London News. The upper rooms of the Government offices were cleared, and appropriated as card-rooms robing and dressing- rooms. Below, part of the offices were also appropriated for the festivities. The suite of rooms in connection with the ballroom were- 1. The reception- room, where the Governor received the company. 2. The ballroom of noble di mensions, and magnificent appearance, on one side of which opposite the reception-room, was reserved, but not encroaching on the ballroom, for the band of the 40th Regiment. The roof of the ballroom was supported by rows of pillars, the space between which was occupied by the dancers. Along and outside the pillars were the spectators and those who were either waiting their turn, or were thread- ing their way among the moving multitude of exquisites, dignitaries, honorables, and pretty women. At one end of the ballroom a space was railed off where refreshments, in the shape of tea, coffee, &c.;, were served during the evening. There were comfortable cushioned seats around the whole room. 3. The banquet-room - This was a room of the same length as the ballroom, but not so wide. The tables encircled the whole, and the supper was taken standing. The eatables, wines, and attendance were all excellent, and was highly creditable to Mr. Ellis, of Cre- morne Gardens, the contractor. A number of soldiers of the 40th Regiment were in attendance guarding the entrances, and taking charge of cloaks, hats, &c.;, and a guard of mounted police were stationed in the street during the evening. We have recorded the bare facts regarding this splendid festival, but it would require the pen of a poet to describe the beaming smiles, the graceful movements, the handsome forms, the lovely faces, and the magnificent dresses of those who formed its chief attraction. No one, we firmly believe, could have the smallest con- ception previously of the wealth of Melbourne in this respect. We have very great pleasure in bearing testimony to the good order and harmony which reigned throughout. (We must exc- ept a few instances of very evident champagne, which occurred late in the evening, a barbarism to which it is about time to put a stop.) Everyone apparently had come with the fullest intention to be agreeable and happy, and we can only say the said intention was to all appearance fully accomplished. The Birthday Ball of 1853, it is certain, will long be remembered with pleasure by the fair ladies and gallant men of Melbourne. We subjoin the names of those present. The Hon. the Speaker of the Legislative Council, the Right Worshipful the Mayor of Melbourne, the worshipful Mayor of Geelong, the Hon the Collector of Customs, Mr Acting Chief Justice Barry, the Private Secretary, the Chairman of Quarter Sessions, the Chief Commissioner of Police, the Sheriff, the President of the Central Road Board, the Commissioner of Crown Lands County of Bourke, the Commissioner of Crown Lands Wimmera district, the Immigration Agent, the Chief Commissioner of Gold Fields, the Clerk of the Executive Council, the Police Magistrate, Melbourne, the Superintendent of Penal Estab- lishments, the Crown Solicitor, the Colonial Surg- eon, the Assistant Colonial Secretary, the Clerk of the Legislative council, the Barrack Master, the Crown Prosecutor for the Northern District, the Crown Prosecutor for the Southern District, the Stud Master, the Inspector of Police for the cou- nty of Bourke, the Inspector of Police for the cou- nty of Grant, the French, Prussian, Russian, Amer- ican, Spanish and Danish Consuls, the Colonial Storekeeper, the Assistant Gold Commissioners Messers Doveton, Templeton and Dowling, the Subinspectors of Police Messers Read,Chambers, Armstrong, Gilchrist, H. White, Robertson, Miss Robertson, C. M. Robertson, H. A. Smith, R. Turn- bull, Hutton, Airey, Edgar Thompson, Dr. Homan, Dr Wood, C. C. Chamberlain, Costley, Dawson, Mrs. and Miss Howitt, Mr. and Mrs. Symonds, Mr. and Mrs Knight, John Masters, Mrs. Mackinnon,C. Mackinnon, Bear,Mrs. Bear, George Martin, Newton, Miss. N. Hen- derson, Gabriell, Mrs. Gabriell, Miss Evans, F. Campbell, Dr. O'Mullane,Mrs. O'Mullane, Sprett, Dr. Thompson(M.L.C.), D. C. Cameron, Miss Shannon, Balbirnie, Mrs. Balbirnie, two Misses Balbirnie, Dyne, Mrs. Dyne, Miss Tourner, Cradock, Amos, Martyr, Mrs. Martyr, Mrs. Godfrey, Mrs. Cosgrave, A. Murray, Woolley, Ireland, Mrs. Ireland, Miss Carr, Porter, William Kerr (Town Clerk) Mrs. William Kerr, Nicholson, Featherstonaugh, Gilbert Featherstonaugh, Testar, Mrs. Testar, Boddee, Ormond, J. Cobb, R. Cooper and twelve sons,Forbes, Russel, Mrs Russel, Captain Bunbury, Miss Preston, Raven,Mrs. Raven,Turnbull,Mrs Turnbull, Cham- pion, jun., Creswick, Captain Barclay, Smythe, Miss Smythe, Miss Walker, Drew, Mrs Drew, the Misses Drew (two), Hirschler, Keaper, H. N. Hull, Msr. H. N. Hull, Dr. Turnbull, Mrs. Turnbull, Jack- son, Stewart, Mrs. Stewart, Nance, Mrs. Nance, C. Lyon, Griffin, Mrs Griffin, Dalgety, Captain Young, R. G. Horne, Councillor Clowes, Mrs. Clowes, C. Hutton, C. Hutton, Mackenzie, Mr.s Mackenzie, Hawkins, Gregory, Mrs. Gregory,W. H. Mackenzie, Mrs. W. H. Mackenzie, Ingram, Miss. Ingram, Keys, Robert Garrott, Snee, Evans, two Misses Evans, O'Brien, Septimus Martin, Labrieli, J. Porter, Mrs. Taylor, Aitkin, Miss. Porter, Dr. Storey, Mrs. Storey, M. Benjamin, A. T. Campbell, J. H. Blackwood, Haines, H. Box, Mrs. H. Box, Dr. Abbott, E. Court- ney, R. Cox, Mrs. R. Cox, Mrs. Stuart Gibson, Falk- ner, Macyntyre, Hogg, H. Jamieson, Rev. Mr. Clow, Miss. Clow, Dr. Wilkie, Mrs.Wilkie, Stevenson, Dickenson, Pengellys, F. Hayley, Cadder, Mrs. Cad- der Broadhurst, Tootle, Spicer, Mrs. Spicer, Ran- dall, Potts, De Little, Tennent, Mrs. Tennent, Dunn, Perry, Mrs. Perry, Lewis Ellis, W. Nanker- ville, G. M. Taylor, James Burtman, H. H. Foster, Councillor Campbell, J. H. Patterson, Mrs. Patterson, Rev. S. Corrie, D. Munroe, H. Powell, Councillor Rowling, Spillar, Knight, Mrs. Knight, Captain Shep- pard, Adamson, A. Grover, Mrs A. Grover, two Misses Grover, Vaughan, C. Terry, Mrs. C. Terry, Cohen, Mrs. Cohen, Belcher, Ferres, Mrs. Ferres, Johnson, Mrs. Johnson, J. Johnson, James Little,Farren, Wintle, D. S. Campbell, Mrs. D. S. Campbell, Sub-inspector Chambers, C. Will- iamson, jun., John Dickson, Gaven Ralston, Vivian, Hoggins, Conelly, Ellarshaw, Mrs. Ellarshaw, Howard Joseph Brown, Misses Davies(2), Sheppard, Mrs Sheppard, Hopkins, Commissioner Darling,Tucket, Mrs. Tucket, Maynes, E. G. Maine, Hetherington, Dr. Hunter,Mrs Hunter,C.F. Nicholson, Rutland, Ware, Skinner, Hemmill, Mrs. Hemmill, Hackett, C. G. Burchet, Ridgway, Ridgway,Willis, Dr. Campbell, Mrs. Campbell, Dr. Sconce, Umpleby, Perry, Mrs. Perry, two Misses Perry, Barnett, Bloxham, Riddle, Kerr, Mrs. Kerr, Jacomb, H. Jacomb, Williams, Mrs. Wil- liams, D. Moore, Mrs D. Moore,Blackwood, Miss Jacomb, B. Shaw, A. Cruikshanks, W. Meek,Murphy, jr.,J Foot, Robertson, Walker, Mrs. Scott, Misses Scott, Harrison, Dr. Barker, Barker, Mrs. Barker, Miss Elvage, D. Benjamin, Mrs. D. Benjamin, E. Morris, Y. Ploos Van Amlets, T. G. Lang, Nelson, Daniel Ploos Van Amlets, Dr. Adams, Francis, Mrs. Francis, Dr. Bowie, Misses Bowie (two), Stevenson, J. Stevenson, J. Barker, Moody, Mrs. Moody, Horne, Mrs. Horne, Herring, Mrs. Herring, Fellowes, Mrs.Fellowes, Goodman, Mrs. Goodman, Dr. Wilmot, two Miss Wil- mot, E. S. Symonds, Joseph Hall, Mrs Joseph Hall, Green, Miss Green, Smith, E. B. Sandwell, Dr. Can- dler, Lysaght, Williams, Keele, G. W. Harriss, Weston, Dr. Murphy, Jamieson, Preston, Lamb, Bar- rass, Probert, Mrs. Probert, White, Mrs. White, Cob- ham, Mrs. Cobham, Edward Brown, Mrs. Edward Brown, Wm. Nicholson, M.L.C., Mrs Nicholson, Gilfillan, Mathew Hervey, Mrs Hervey, Shilling- law, Mrs. Charles Williamson, Dr. Drummond, Fitz Turnbull, Fairburn, Armytage, Misses Army- tage(three), Pierce, Mrs. Pearce, Foot, W. Foot, Miss. Foot, J. Phelps, Misses Hull (three) R. G. Cas- sel, Were, Miss Were, Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. Gurner, E. Graham, Ryder, Miss Ryder, Macpherson, Mrs. Macpherson, the Misses Macpherson (two), Wm. Green, A. S. Macartney, Mrs. A. Macrae, Councillor Davies, Dr. Eades, Wm. Anderson, Ander- son, Mrs. Wm. Anderson, Captain McMahon, Mrs. McMahon, Mrs. W. P. Snow, W. P. Snow, R. Gregory, Mrs. R. Gregory, Skene Craig,A'Beckett, Mrs. A'Beckett, Captain Chisholm, Mullally, Thomas, C. Griffiths, Mrs. C. Griffiths, Rawdon Green, Dr. Youll, Henry Smythe, Dr. Wilkins, Rossen, Balmaine, junior, Holmer, Mrs. Holmer, Pole, Captain Butler, Mrs. Butler, Miss Butler, Bland, Mrs. Bland, Capt. Barry, H. Knight, Mrs. H. Knight, B. Maccar- thur, Marsden, Mrs. Marsden, Miss Williams,Farewell, Mrs. Farewell, Prior, Tulloch, junior., J. Mackenzie, Mrs. J. Mackenzie, Hanbury, Fosbury,Mrs. Campbell, Bowers, Mrs. Bowers, Hazard, W. Pendar, Mrs. W. Pendar, Soden, Mrs. Soden, Hilton, Brown, junior, James Maggs, Loder, Tulloch,Mrs. Tulloch, Bookey, Mrs. Bookey, Doctor Campbell, Mrs Campbell, Daley, Captain Coleman, Mrs. Coleman,V. Condell, Alderman Stephen, Mrs. John Stephen, Balmaine, Mrs. Balmaine, Grey, Mrs. Grey,Mrs. Jacob Monte- fiore, Grey, Mrs. Grey, Leslie Montefiore,H. Monte- fiore, Henry Galwey, Dr. Barry, John Orr, Tracey, A. Guthrie, Stewart, Mrs. James Stewart, C. Laing, Mrs. C. Laing, G. Moody, Sitwell, P. Thompson, Landers, Hyndman, Sievwright, Mrs. Sievwright, Miss Sievwright, Laing, junior, Melmoth Hall, De Courcy Hamilton,Khull,Mrs. Khull,Miss Khull, Mrs. Curr, Miss Curr, O'Hara Bourke, Miss Good, Freer, Mrs Freer, Lieut. Harrison, Mrs. Harrison, Trenchard, Mrs. Trenchard, Salwell, Levy, Noyes, Mrs. Palmer, Subspector Peaman, F. A. T. Reid, Ronsey, Mrs. Ronsey, Aitkens, Otto Neuhauss, Murphy, MissCampbell,MissMillery,Sutherland,Mrs.Hazard, H. A. Anstey,James Smith, W. Fenwick, F. Fenwick, Mrs. Fenwick,Misses Fenwick (2),Dr. Findlay,Maj. Campbell, Mrs. Campbell, Captain G. W. Cole, Mrs. Macrae, Mackintyre, Mrs. Mackintyre, Templeton, Cavenagh,two Misses Cavenagh, Miss Fenton, G. Winter, Leigh, King (Geelong), De Graves, Col. Anderson, Mrs. Anderson, two Misses Anderson, H. Miller M. L. C., Mrs. Miller, Miss Miller, Heaton, Dr. Gardiner, Mrs. Motherwell, Miss Motherwell, Mrs. Pickersill, Capt. Perry, Mrs. Perry, Brooks, Jonet, Hogue, Piper, McDrummond, Mrs. McD- rummond, Gill, Mrs. Gill, Miss Giles, Hall, Mrs. Hall, Councillor Willan, Dr. Greeves M.L.C., Edward Bell, Mrs Edward Bell, McLauchlan, Grimes, Alison, Cassell, Gossitt, Mrs. Gossitt, James Graham, Mrs. James Graham, Jabez Ham, Lieut. Crawford, Charles Church, Belcher, W. Harper, H Chomley, Chomley, Howard, John Cook, Ross, Mrs. Ross, C. Allom, R. C. Carr, Macarther, E. Firebrace, Miss Firebrace, R. T. Firebrace, Miss Chambers, Bull, W. Long, Ross, jun., Captain Hobbs, Mrs. Hobbs, Miss. Hobbs, Miss Stevenson, Miss Beandek, Dr. Howitt, Mrs. Howitt, Mis Howitt Claud Farie, Mrs. C. Farie, S. Gregory, Mrs. Gregory, W. Hull, Russell, Mrs. Russell Miss Russel, Patrick Wilson, J. W. Robertson, J. Stephen, Mrs. Stephen, Tripp, Mrs. Tripp, two Misses Tripp, Carter, Dr. Macdonald, Com- mander Lockyer, Clay, Mrs. Clay, Champion, Finch, 11th regt, Dr. Bernard, Edward Slack, H. J. Leplastrier, Stephens, Stephens jun., Jackson. 