Hornee», dm., to »ret,_ BAKI HOU8E, Hoiiao, and Shop to Let, or for Salo, doing a first-rate business; apply to J. Palmer, nearly) (.utiigo, Prahran. <"u IMPOIll Af,T to Meruhants, Public Companies, and others-lo Let, a Suite of Offices containing five rooms,situate lu Lonsdale atreot, near 1 li/ahctli street, for particulars apply to Brabazon lundi, Horse Hi IT! Cb ram to Let a; i ly to No 1J, 1 ll/Jibeth streit, truth_148» Il ICI to Let, tuii mm lira bimstcr uppiy to Gardiner, Morrea c), and Co , 7J, Chancery linio roar, O o 0405 ITABLING to Let, a largo enclosed jurd, and Sta «_) bung for soicral horans, enqulro of J Richards, carpenter, Ao , Franklin street, bctwteu the Limb Inn, and Rolleston a Coach I actory_0372 SUBURBAN Building Sites to be Let ripon Lciso - Pilonno, South Yarra, being a portion of tho ostnto of the late J C MnoLarcn, Esq , lus been subdivided Into ono acre portion«, and presents the most eligible oaportunlty for persons dcslious of leasing (.riund for genteel residences, these healthy and beautiful sites are «Ituatcd on tho Gardiner s Creek road, In tho parish of Prahran about two miles from Melbourno, close to the riler, and In the Immediate neighborhood of the well-known villa residence« of Tivoli, Littlo Boolite), and Como. To vlow the plan, and for further partie ular», apply to CHARLES G BURCHETT, 68, Little Collins «treet, west._8788 STEAM EiuJno -To bo Let, a portiblo Steam 1 n* glue, of 5 hores power, for a period of three or four months, enquire at 145,Great ( ullina street, east _ 8915 TO Let, a Two roomed Cottage, apilytoMr George, at the back of the Studley ».rms, Collingwood 8841 TO Let tliu h alf of n genteel lour roomed House' fruiting the reseño for the Carlton Gardens» apply to Mr C Ma) es, architect and sun o) or, Bruns wick street, Collingwood_8845 TO Let, in tho centre of Richmond, n Two roomed Iron House, woll situated fora Store rent 10s per week, apply to J E turner, Richmond Lmporlum 8987 TWO Rooms and use of Kitchen partly furnished; rcspci labio parties need on!) npplv to A O Dennis, 102, Klnc, streot, corner of Little Collins street_8961 i TO I et, a House containing twelvo rooms, noiv in course of erection nnd will be finished in a few da)», appl) to Kobi. Onlvhcr, smith street, Colling wooil._7548 TO bo let, tnoof thoso elegant and most subst in tlall) built cottages, on the top of the Emerald - hill, adjoining ti, and bounded ou two sides by tho Church and school re cries Each cottage contains six apartments of well nirnngid dimensions, with a liberal encl sure of ground alt iched In every respect the) arc j "culiarly well id vpted to tho requirements of S culool f unities lor particulars, enquire of Mr REEN, Lan I Agent, Great Bourke street, or ofDr Gemmell on the premises . 7768 TO Let, three !t Otlices, apply to Schultze, Reid and Co, 5' Great Bourko stree* 9052 MIO 1 et, two two roomed Cottages, »Ituated ¡n Oren A fell street, Prahran Also » Shop with three Rooms ittached, »United In n populous neighborhood at Prahriii, appl) to 1 liornas GlcUltngs, land, House, and Commission Agont, Chapel street, Pnhran, or at F. A HAltltlb s Oltlco, corner of Elizabeth and 1 lin- don streets 9101 TO Let, Two excellent Offices, »Unite in the Western Market s maro Al ply to B DAVIS and CO , William street, 8703 TO Let, part of a House at St- Kilda, to a small respectable family onl), consisting of dining room, two bed rooms, kitchen, servant . bed room, «table, and gig house, with use of }ard, apply to W IL Cropper, 57, Collin« street, cost 650 TO I*.t, for the term of »even > car», two »hops In Col lins street, having 30 feet frontage, bj a depth of Ht feet, adjoining tho timber) ard of Messrs L Westby and Co Possession lu one mouth Joun MacKcnile, Queen street. _7« TO Merchants, Inv esters, ind Others -A twenty -one ) ears Lease of an cll^iblo Site, adapted for mer cantllo business Is now open for treaty Terms mi) be known nu application to the un lcrslgncd -ROBERT GOODWIN, 30,1 linders lane, west_1«28 TO I et. Moorang Cottogo, on the Gardener s Creek road, South larra, two miles nnd a half from Melbourne Tho Cottage consists of four Rooms, Kitchen, Sen anl'a Room, Shed, Ac , with nn nero of Land, apply to Mrs Hobson, on the promises 0061 TO LL1, a Home and premises In Hinders lane, west, betvrcon Quecn-strcct and Market-square, known as No li, fir n term of »even ) eais, for l arti cnlarsaiql) to JOHN MOYLAN_6o27 TO Bo Let, tho "Somerton Inn, S)dno) road, fir ; articular» ipp'y to Mr O Muge, on tho premise», or, Brown & Stewart, Tll/ab th streit_0563 TO Let, furnished, that commodious famil) dwelling houso rud premises atC llinj,wood, latel) occu pled b) Maj r llrcbracc, contalultig 7 rooms, with S closets, »tore, pantry, kitchen, soullery, and vor) room) servants nppartmonts, with stable, coach house, fjwl h uso, and largo ) ard, garden t ink, with pump, all lu finit ralo ortler, having Just undergone thorough repair, appl) to Mr Glcadhill. accountant, at tho offlco of Mr Chambers, Solicitor, tineen street. 26th Jill), 1853 _953« 1ÎO 1 et, a Six roomed House, near «ho Flagstaff, with »randall mid garden. ap,ily todtfr. Manley, La Trobe streot, west, opintlto tho Barracks 9762 Bruk Cottage now li erected with n largo yard attache L pteasantl) situated In Icf&ott; street, near tho Hagstaff, for particulars, npfly to D and M Bcnja min, Collins street, west 9065 TO let, a small Shop In Flit ibcth street ; rent, £2 lot |ier week; premium, £20 , apply at l8, Elizabeth street_9672 «110 Let, two or three furnished or unfurnished Rooms, JL with or without Board; gentlemen preierred, ap ply at 163, Cullins street, cast._927» TO I ct, a 1 OHr roomed House, stable, h ly.loft, and garden, h) the week, or for three months, apply at Rannnrd t Store, lost stone house. Smith street, Col llngnood._93«9 TO Let, a Boarding house, with or without furnl. turo; will answer for a first-rate Store, having a large Elton front, enquire at 10-', Russell street. 9316 niO Let, In Collingwood, a thrcc-roomed House ; X apply at Mrs Dace) s, 7 door» from tho Albion Blore, Wellington street, Collingwood 0388 TO Let, part of a Shop in n good situ itlon, api I) a Dawson* Wine and BjIrlt Store, Great Nnpler Itrect, Collingwood_0.183 TO Lot, Two Rooms, one furnished, the other Uthcr furnished or unfurnished i apply ut Dawson* V Ino and Spirit Moro, Great Napier-strcct, Colling- wood_938« TO Let, a woll finished Slx.lloomrd VerandnhCot tage, w Ith detached kitchen and servant 8 room, .table, gig house, and buy loft, situated on tho top of Major Davidson s hill, close to tho Botanical Gardens, and In the Immediate nelgborhood of tho residences or Major Du Idaon, Messrs OgllV) and Payne. Tho »eener) Is scared) lobe sur; assul, and tho situation ia tile lu ilthlcst lu tho suburbs of Melbourne, nppl) to 1 J Cioucb, Major Davidson s l'nd lock, Prahran Po*. ?esslon can lie li id nt onco 9307 rTIO MerJiunts nnd other*-To Let, for n term of J. ) cara, In ono of tho best business alto itlons In Hilliers streot, premises baling a frontage of 66 feet b) ade| Iii of about 100 feet, having two houses mil a «toro built then on lhcso premises aro admirably adni ted fir pirtlca requiring extensive storage; mply to tho proprietor, it A llalhlrnlo, I sq ; or at the Victoria Insumuco Office, Collins street, to William A Orr. _0«15 TO LU, n seven roomed two storoy Brick Houao, No lil, Swanston atrect willi n good largo )nrd, and right of bick entrance It lina boen conducted as a.bending houao alnco I cb , 1851, and la lory tentrill) tltuatid; (or p ittioul ira, term«, Ac. apply to Mrs çottcrlll. Boarding homo, near tho Cometer), ton of htltabeth »trout. 9«57 TO lot, two liindsomo »tone Cottages, containing three'rooms each, In n most hoalth) situation; appl) to Mr Russell, Errol street, North Melbourno. on the premises 071» TO I ct, two stone llousos, containing 1 irgo shop and two rooms each, uno a corner mid first ralo stand for a bakery, njily to Mr Russell, Errol «treet _0720 TO lot, 1 bree Rooina, up atiilrs, -J, Collins street, west -Weber and Co nina S To Gold Sieger*. fltO ALI. WHOM IT MAY CONCERN-The X nennatanl beat ionio from the Oven« to tho Hen dlf.0 Is li) the Hrnkin lllvor, Maguire a Punt, Culbin Aliliv n I ile die «tallon of 1 dvvurd Curr, Esq , the Cam maple lim, and thenio h) Mr Lcjnotti «tallon to the liondlt.o_4l0t Mil) DlUdl IIS AND OlHERS,-Digger« «re In. .r- _f>"''f Bio Dilling« nt the euri cut rnte» by 'J' II Twiss an« Co, Carrioranud Commission Morohants.ontho Wharf, noxt door lo II. mid J Conto 3.106 BALAARA1 -1 olding inrwnrdid twite a-week to , .."»""»»'io Diggings from the Hiibsorlbers ollloes '..M, «oriiiaok nl"' So"' ' "«»«riling Agenta, Labor. Market._ "3D I TO Persons going to Iii lillico-A tim horn dray " ? ,* ' «'"I/or Iii 11 ligo from the Australia lilli Hole!, Bourke »Ireot, i mt, on Thunda), Jttth. 07J8 Till. Undiralgiird tnko« haio to nturn hi« most »In. eero ttanks to tho l'nlillo mid Dlgg, r» In gonorul, for their lllirul pnlroiingo during his »tay ut Forest Creek mi I Bendiga, at which lattor place ho «lill re main« lu tho «¡uno business Hut having »uooiciP.i in procuring n Hanno II« I'ubllo Auctioneer, ho 15 MIII.H, up "A Gold Diggers' Auction Mart," _"t' (?",, " «quaroi da) s of «ale, lueiday und Wi 'mesdav-a .1 «i Vlow 1, hit, da) . of «ale, 1 rfila) ,.m\ Saturday To be read) and fit for bushiei« on JUtof A-ril y' Ali) parlies having hen, ço'ili. stock or 00ml« nf Z,kto uS caro"«,.V' ""'' «"A"nträtil« es1 le nnf iíS w1 '">" '«K««<«» !»f«enclosure« for Ä. hu fro, ,' i'""*" l"" ,toï'"« B"-"li, which will Ao. of "'""B" to ««»lo"»«« for thllr good«, 'lold conilgncd to ni) ngenl«, Meian Herring and Mood), Gold broken, Great Collina streot, wist, Mci. bourne, at J| pir cent, vi hero tho full value I* given, at tim price mirani ut the time of It« arrival there" i.J.''"l"i"1!w.",.".l',.(,,."t"l,'Au0'l',l>M<"''.Cuttomen' Horses will be «tnblod free, and proiondor mid cheap ut P 8 -Money advanced on good» loft for «ate. v n T . , , JA»"'» «ROWN, Bendigo. ., «." -Though hnvlng lucciodod lu getting an Auc- tioneer a Licence, 1 «till kcop tlic «ame number of atorea. where nooda of all Uiidj aro «old u cheap ti uiual. «K1 O««loi-f. ARGUS OFFICE, GEELONG -An Office for the ARGUS has boon opened In Malop-atreet, « est, Geelong All Letter* and Communlen'lons for tho Paper, Advertisements, Orders for Job Printing, Ac , from partios In Geelong and the neighborhood, may bo f ¡mardi d to that Ofllce, and will moot with the promtl(1*1 nt'eittlon WAMLD, a first-rate Cook, apply te Mr Storey s ictoi In Hotel, Ceelong no one need appl) who cannot pioduco good testimonials fioin some Colonial einplo)cr_54682 MR 0! ORGI SlIUTTl L\\\Oltril lite of 1" ii worth, loudon, whoarrlsed at Melbourne, j cr ship I!) tier thai!, will oblige tho undersigned by for- warding lulim liately the parcel of letters, Ac, received by him from Mr John Garratt to tho following address -Mr John Garratt,Moorabool street Geelong I 5 HU NOTICE-io tho Settlers of the Murray illstrlot and tho publlo lu general -I hereby give notice thntl noser authorised James M Kellar, who was In ni) emj lo) ment, to cdve orders or contract debts in my namo ; nnd 1 shall not bo responsible for an) debts tho abose name 1 iiidisldunl, or mi) other person, ma) base contracted In my namo without my written order HENRY BLATSON MOHRISOV, Geelong 3026 | MAIL CON" hYAN( r-ROBERT S! «-RLI S.of Geelong, having become the Contractor for the Uno from Colac, through Geelong, to Buninyong and Sura Bunk, is read) to take passongera and i arcels at the times appointed FAIIES £ s d Geelong to Colac 3 0 0 " " Bunill) ong 3 0 0 " " Burn Bnnk 4 10 0 " " Balaarat 3 10 0 Parcels 2s Oil each lib weight or under Is extra forcier) 'Iii Agents-Mr Wndo, Geelong, Mr -, Colac aud Mr Akehurst, Buninyong 2015 TO Capitalists nnd parties seeking for Investment lu n lucratlio business-lo bo sold, b) prlsate con tract, all those first-rato established business | remises, situated in Great Malop-street, Geelong, bo)ond the Thcntro, known ns Mooro s Temperance Hotel, together with the good will or tho saino Tho Hotel, together st Hit tho present timo, Is doing nu extensile and thriving trade and to i nrtics rcall) desirous or obtaining an oxcillcnt road) made business, thlsTafTorils unoppor tunlly which shout I not be lost sifehtof Tho proprietor lins been offered alarie ront for It and the fortunate purchaser may Insuro to liiimclfa splendid fortune in a conqaratile!) shortspacoof time,lisltssillhofiolela bar gain lor full particulars, a| ply to Mr W Moore, on the premises, Geelong, 187 OBSF BAZAAR, Great R)rlc-8troot »est, Geelong-Dall) Sales of Stock, by Auction 0 t ARRELL and SON beg to inform thhclr numerous rrlciids'nnd constituents, tlint the) will, from this date, hold Salos b) Auction Dall) at tho Horse Bazaar, of Horses, Quiet Cuttle, Carts, Gigs, Carriages, etc, com [ niciiclng rich da) at Ttt els co clock, an 1 that at their S ile lards, Aslibj, a (Joining the Harp Inn, tiley will also hold Sales of tat Cattle, Sheep, and all unbroken Stock, on ali) da) of the week when required Tho charges aro mado to tlio Vendor (nono to the Purchaser) and aro as follows, viz -An entronco fee of two shillings [ter hen 1 for small lots of horses, bul locks, nnd cosss (but largo lots aro exempt from this charge), and commission at the rate of five por cent the amount sales At the Livery Stables In connexion with the Bazaar, Horses for Salo will rccolvo the greatest care and attcn tlon, and, if sold, n cousln*crablo reduction will bo made on the usual charge for keep A secure and well ssatcrcd Grass Paddock has been provided for the reception of Cattle and unbroken Horses walting n uxed dn) of sale Whilst informing our friends and constituents of hav Ing Inu cased our das s of sale, (which, previous te the 1 resent timo, ss ero held only on fis e das s of the wcok,) mid the other arrangements abotc meiitlnne 1, we woul 1 beg to offer to them our sincere thnnks for the liberal support wo have reeds ed as Stock Agents for tho last eight) ear« The general knowledge entertained b) the public of our establishment and the long expci ¡enco thoy have had of our qualifie ttlons as block Agents nu 1 Auc- tioneers (a branch of business lo which we hare devoted tho greater lort of our timo an 1 attention) renders ni > comment for the rcconimcn lation of cither, quite unno ccssury lintis o would request the attention of Stock holders to these arrangements Just mado, In connection «Hil our establishment, nn 1 vslilch, sso consider, still bo iroeluetlioofgrcat benefit to thom, In saving much of tho ci|enso an 1 dell) consequent ujion ssant of luimo díate accomino lation for stock when brought for side, tthilst ttccaii nlwa)S ensuro tho highest market prico, which tho quintit) of Steel wcekl) entrusted to our care for disposal, and tlio in inner In sshlch our sales aro at- tended, lu proportion to other«, will testify Horso Bazaar, March 19th, 1853 2016 OOI'CUS KO\ VL M ML AND 1AMILY HO TI L, cornor of Yarra and Corio streets, near the Steamboat 11er Tho proi rlctor In returning his most sincero thanks for the liberal ratronage airead) expert enced from tho most rcspoctablo Inb ii Hants of Geelong, informs s Istors to this town that thoy sslll meet with nil tho comf irts of nn t ngllsli hotel at his establishment Tho spacious tllnlngsaloon Is sumj tunusl) and clc gantly furnished, aud st oil adapted for publie or private dinner | nrtics * Dinners aro scrvcil np dall) In the most liberal st) le, regardless of expense The bedrooms aro fitte 1 up willi ever) attention to comfort Tim stock of wines, spirits, nnd English ales and por- ter, are most carefull) »eleetod, and unrivalled In the colonlos Terms moderate Sou ps cs ory da) from twelve to two o clock, a professed cook being engaged tDVsIN HOOPER, late of Bath, England Oolong, Ma) 21st, 195X 4IC2 /*\ULENS Ht AD HOTEL, Ryrle-street, west - w Visitors to Gcolong will find a good table and ex current bull, with evury attention tothotruomTort, oi reasonable terms 53470 tLBOURNt AND GtELONG BXPRI SS - Tho un Pertiguee) has estai Ushed a commercial mid business agency between Melbourne and Geelong, to bo styled and known ns tho Mellmurno and Geelong Fxpres* It will bo co .ducted on tho principles of the Fxpresses so common nu 1 so highly valued in tho United States This Exprès still consey aud dcllscrb) a s|>eclal messenger, pac tges, parcels, »ami les, books, Ins olees, anil papers of cscry description-articles which aro too bulky for tho mall, and too small to go as freight Also for taking and dellserlng orders,-paying al d collecting accounts,-] resenting bills or Indlng-mnklng entries at tim Custom Houso-and for transacting an) other business that ma) bo required Ali) ono wishing lnieirmntlon from cither place, res I ccting tho markets, or on an) other matter, can ni) on Its being nromi ti) ohtalnc I by this Express, nnd nt moderato chargo au I business of this kind will bo, If desired, strict!) cuni! Icntin! Notices of auction sales and other mercantile notices distributed nt tllchnrgo Leaving siellxnirue ovory day, at 11 a m eleel mg c\ cry da), at 10 a ni Wien dcsIrM papors and parcels will bo delivered tho samo ila). All business trusted to this ngenoy will he trans acted with fide lly mid ilcsiatch, and tho iroprlclor hopes, b) strict tendon and untiring efforts, to merit tho confidence of the i ulillc Rofercnrcs of tho highest respectability given Melbourne, Jul) utli, 1853 H A BURDFLL Olllccs In Melbourne Mccormack and Sons, Labor Market, di. Groat Bourkostreet, P. Just and Co, 1 linders street Otilio In Ocolong G C Lose), MrßourneHonuna Herald Ofllce, Great II) rio strcot (near Baur a) 4380 A Sorsei, arteep, Ca>ttlea *o. ONE or Hie best fattening runt In tho Blllobong district, with 12,000 Fat Sheen. -The run Is estimated to depasture 18,000, ami the sheep now de- pasturing thereon, consist of about 9500 Stoibers and about 2500 owes, tim greater part of which are nott lu prime condition. Apply to BEAR it SON, Queen-strcct, Melbourne. 6(17 A IDRAUailT Horse for Sale, warranted staunch to J\? tho collar ; apply te Frauds Eukey, N iplor street Collingwood, opposlto Mr. Blackctt's, chemist. 9.169 AY HOUSE for Snlo, suitable, for draught, hnr. ness, or saddle | apply to Mitchell mid Anstey, 121, Bourke-street, west, corner of Wllllaui-strect. _0154 LARGE cxtci ' of Winter Sheop Country.-Hear _and Son havo been Instructed to offer fiir solo au extent of country capablo of fattening In the winter sea- son almost nny number of sheep, described ns follows t -Commencing tit the north tsost corner or G. P. Hall's run, and bounded on tho south by a Uno bearing w est about twenty miles, on the west by a Uno bearing north about twenty-four mile« to tho «outli west corner of Stanbridge'« run, on tho north partly by Stanbridge'* run, and a continuation of It* southern Ixiunilcry, a Uno oatt about ttscnty milos, and on tho cast by a Uno bear- ing «oulh about tis onty-four mile« to tho point of com nioncomont. BE Alt J SON._ 402 BUEI'.DINO EWES.-Tor talo, on the station of tho undersigned, Seymour, Goulburn Ills or, 3100 sheop, as under : 2200 4 and a tooth ewet 600 tell mouth do, And 250 4 and « tooth wotheri, 3100 head. Warranted never to havo boen diseased, NICHOL. SON ¿ROACH, or Mr. JOHN MACKENZIE, Queen street 4100 SHEEP and Station,-Droit mid M'Konn base re. celled Instruí linns Oom the proprietor to soll n splendid fattening Station on the Blllubong. The sheop consist of 3000 splendid ngtd wether 000 lulled ottoland «-others, from 3 to 6 year« old 3000 Ono dray, with four bullocks, «took-hoiie, Ac,, given In will;, tho Btntlon. 7 lie sheep tiro guaranteed Oeo from disease, Tho Station Is of tho most fattening description, comiioiod entirely of plain», and embraces n largo fronlago lo the main lllllobong Creek. The proprietor I« nlmut starting In n rosv day«, and still bo glad to show tlio Station and Stock to really Intending purcliaiors. Tills Station sslll bo «old cheap for cash. 60, Botirko-itreot, nest. _8472 BRUNSWICK.-Now I« ynur tinto for a bnrgaln. Tito Tonina ol' Bullock« for sole, ten lu inch team, wllh'gcar complote, John Trcgllgus, Brunswick, near MollKumui. BMI OR8E8.-l'or Sain, Tsso Staunch. Horse« ; to bo «eon at lim Stable« of the uniterilgneil, near the Wellington Hotel, by tim Uront Paddock, Richmond, John Ankotell._0518 HORSES.-l'or «nie, 20 unbroken Horse«, riling S and rlilng 4 years old, willi llborty to break In upon the «tatton, about 00 miles Oom Mclbourno. tear particular«, apply at No. «0, Llttlo Colllui-itroot, west, Melbourne._ DODO HOUSES, Horses,-For Sale, two «launch Horse?, to be seen at tlio Stables of the undersigned, near tho Wellington li--' '"" -.»...". . ntobmous"-Jobu ; ? ? .. . v mvv" »>? *"" nwuiH ui en« uutiiirai|,Hv>i. tivnr Sïïiïî "Mîï IIAtoi!,*l¥f tUo Qttwrniwi-t *'wüook. AítO-ClM* NOTICE.-The following partiel have been ap- pointed agent* for the Anta, and are authorised te collect monies and receive orders for the paper, aud for advertisements, In their several localities ¡ J. M. Main, Malop-street, weat...Geelong. A. Brown .Sydney. John li. Spence.Adelaide. J. Walch and Son, Wellington Bridge, Hobart Town. Coila N. Campbell . Launceston. Thomas Finn.Portland. Wm. Fuller .Belfast. J. Pakington.Warrnambool. John Elliot .Barwon. Wm. Douglas.Kyneton. D. A. Heath .Grange. David Oswald.Flory Creek. J. II. Mather .Ovens. Jos. Kirby .Glenelg. Hugh Swann .Kilmore. H. Janie« .Bacchus Manh. J. W. Green ... ?.Balaarat. R. J. Howard .Forest Creek. Davis and Chaffey . Upper Glenelg. Mason and Culloy . Williamstown. A. J. Best .Collingwood. Arthur Dyson.Collingwood. Ii. Baker .Heidelberg. Messrs. Cresswell and Co. ... Prahran. Henry Harris.Sandridge, George F. Bryce . Pentrigde. J. E. Turner .Richmond. William John Morris. Gisborne. J. J. Walsh, 239, Elizabeth-street Ü. Urquhurt, 7«, Collins-street Saunders and Stamford, 6, Charing Cross, London. At the establishments of the agents In Geelong, Sydney, Launceston, Forest Creek, and Hobart ;i'own, access to filea of the Argtu may always be obtained. ROUS AGENCY, Collins-ntreet, west-Messrs. PETER ROBERTSON and CO., Nows Agents, Collins-street, we«' opposite the Market-square, havo been appointed Ag<-.its for the Argut, aud will from this date receive Advertisements for Insertion In that Journal. January l«th, 1853. _ NOTICE-Sumeinconvenlenco being experienced by the distance of the Argus Office from tho Wharfs and Western end of tho city, mlrcrtiacn and others aro Informed that arrangements have been mado with Mr. JAMES WILLIAMS, Paper Ruler, Account Book Maker, Ao., next door to tho Royal Exchange Hotel, Collins-street, nt whoso chop advertisements and other communications for tho Argut may bo left till eight o'clock In tho evening. New subscribers may leave their names with Mr. Williams, and ho will also have singlo coplea of tho paper constantly on salo. O Publicans and Others_Joseph W. Lovell, Vn luator and Appraiser, can ho seen dally, from twelve o'clock until tiirce p.m., at Mr. Thomas Lewis'«, Watch and Clock Maker, No. 6J, Elliaboth-ttrcet, Mel- bourne. 61524 CARD -James AVattcrsun, Land Agent, Valuator, Stock and Station Salesman, and General Broker, Lloyd's Exchange, Colllns- streot, Melbourne. Intro- duced by James Simpson, Esq. 7442 PARTIES desirous c*returning to England, or (if proceeding to any ' the neighboring colonies, may insure n safe and ape. ly passage by applying to Soatly and Jones, General t Mrping and Commission Agents, 33, Elliabeth-strcet 8789 BALL ALLEY, Store, and Sal» Room, opposite the Rising 8un public-house, L Hie llourko-sti'ct, cast.-JOHN HIJRP.EY, Auctlance.-, 107, Ellcalietli strect, begs to Inform importers of British and American merchandise and colonial produce, that having taken possession of the nlirve commodious, dry and centrally »Unatcil premises, . ilch are capable of storing nbout 1200 tons mc.asuremcat of goods, he will bo happy to take charge of any quantity of merchandise or colonial produce Intended for Immediate sale, without making any chargo for rent or storage of samo; aud he confi- dently trusts that his exertions to seno his employers, and to make tho best price of everything placed lu lils hands, together with au Immediate settlement of all accounts, will secure to bim a liberal share of publlo supjiort, to - crlt which will bo .lils constant .tudy. A publie Sale will ho holden at these Store» every Tues, day and Friday on tho wholesnlo system, but In lots to »mt the convenience ''the tindo In general. Tho Rooms |n Ell.. Hh street will ho o|ien aa usual for tho dally talo by ^ lion or small consignments of gooda, town and country properties, household fund, ture, and miscellaneous articles, and the samo attention will continuo to bo paid to selling estates either at the rooms, or on the proiu'cs of his employers a* heretofore. 2Ï03 NOIICE. - Matthew M'Caw A Co, Auctioneer«, Commission Agents, Lit cry Stablo Keepers, aixl Corn Dealers, respectfully return their sincere thanks to their Friends an 1 the Publie for the rosor which they haioreeeiicd, and leh to Intimate that they baso dis posed of their premises and business to Messrs Water- house and Anslow, who will continue the same In all Us branches. Messrs M'C 4 Co havo the grcptevt confidence In Introducing their si ssor», Messrs W it A , and havo no doubt tha' will gis o goner ii satisfaction, a« they nie both ss men, nnd bave a thorough knotrledgo of horse , Ac , and tims will now bo able to conduct the business in a st) le which has been hitherto quite ho)ond our reach, tim stholo of the man- agement former!) basing desoís ed upon Mr M'Caw alono -- WATERHOUSE A ANSLOW having succeeded to tho above business, trust b) strict attention to the interests of their Olenil« nn 1 Um public, te merit a con- tinuance of those fut ors sshlch have boen so liberally bestowed upon their predecessors. N 1! -Mr M'Caw lins kindly consented to remain and render cscr) assistance in lils power, for thrco months._66384 | EDWARD NEWTON JOSEPH, Importer and gene ral merchant, and commission agent Ne as c's Building«, Colllns-strcct, east British and furclgn merchandise nlwa) s on salo. 53192 J' C. PYLE, Auctioneer and Commission Agent a Charles-street, Launceston-Consignments ro cclved; prompt returns, with reasonable charges. Storage gratti, for one month Instructions for purchasing Colonial Produce attended to, If recosered by a remittance. Launceston, January 1,1853. _8790 A CARD -To Land Proprietors, Settlers,' Store keepers, Wholesale and Retail Dealers, Diggers, and Others-Mr ltobo.it Goodssln, 30, Flinders lane, Flour, Gold, and Lan' Agentand tailor Commis slims for the Digglngi "olong, Hobart Tonn, Ade- laide, Swnu Riser, f ., India, the United States, Paris, and I'nghind - Is, Exports, A. 3«9 ROWNE, KENNL >Y, and Co, Shipping and Commission Agents, St. John-streot, Launceston. Van Diemen s Lamí produco purchased on commis- sion. Henry Norman Browne, late agent for tho Victoria Gold Escort Company at Forest Creek, and Charles Quinten Kennedy, of Launccit \ having commenced huslnnss as aboso, solicit Um tup, rt of their friends and tim public_7436 011CE-CHAMBERS and BOUHNE, Auc tionecrs and Geitcral Agents, 1 linders street (ono door cast from Quecn- strict). beg to Inform the puhllo that the) are prepared to effect Sales of all de- scriptions of Merchandise mid Col mlal Produce, clthor privately orb) PUBLIC AUCTION. Timber (assorted) and Colonial Produce al was s on hand. Goods stored. »2872 0 NEW ARRIVALS- Iniolcc* of goods bought b) the undersigned, or sold nn commission Gar- diner, Morrosso), and Co , 71, Chaiicury.lano. 9401 TO Now Arrivals.-All parties having English i,ootls to dispuso of will find It to their advantage to apply te Soady and Jonoj, General Agent*, 33, Eliza beth-strcet 62986 OEMS Wanted, for the Bale of JohnKaso'a Patent Medicino«, for Melbourne and surrounding towns; apply to Win. B. Ta)lor, wholesale agent, 68, Little Cullins street, cast. 36S2 TO tho Draper* of Melbourne, Goolong, Port Fairy, Warrnambool,and Country Storekeepers generally. Gentlemen,-I desire to thank ) ou for tho large mea «ure of support that I li* > recoiled at ) our hand«. My aim lia« been te og my English and Colonial cxporlcnco to bear in wtabllshlng a largo wholesale drapery, stop, and hosiery trade ; In which I has e been eminently successful. I beg to apprise you that from this dato Mr. John King will bo connected with mo as a partner In the business ; and It affords mo great pleasure In thus pro. «cntlng him to you, kno > li, nt ho has been, to most of my friend« during the r nttwolvo months. III» prao. tlcalknnwledgoofthe I don, Manehesler, Yorkshire, and Scotch markets, ful ptnllfy him, In conjunction with ni) self, to prepare r 'ors In detail fur the guidance of our homo bul crs, In ti purchase of those classes of good« which nave heretofore secured )our valued approval. It will ho the endoavor of tho new firm to «eoure the contlnunmo of > our auppnrt i and by extended Imiwla tlona to meet the Increased demnitds of the colon). Gentlemen, I remain ) oun, HoapcotAilIy and obl'g«d, FREDK. J. SARGOOD. The business of tho new firm will bo conducted under the st) lo of 8 ARO OOP, KING, AND CO. 821 mi.NNENTS BEER.-The iindonlgnod being X Agents for Mcssra. J. and It Tennent, of Well- park Brewery, Glaagow, Bin In tho receipt of regular supplies of tholr boor and porter. DICKSON, OIL CHRIST A Co, Quoon-atrcct._«119 E. HOIILYN, Gold Buyer and Commission . Agent, View point, Bendigo. «OJt R MESSRS. Clllins, lillian I' and CO., of Liver pool and Bristol, baie this day opened a branch of their cstabllahmiiit at Melbourno, as General Agent« and Commission Merchant , under tho linn of Bright, Brothers and Co, of willi li tho undersigned I« (ho resi- dent partner. WILLIAM HAMILTON HART, No. 6, Ellrjiholh-strcot. July 20,1651,_7670 A CARD,-Mr. Thomas Stanley Mudlo«", General Commission and Shipping Agent, 117, Flinders lane, west, opposite Messrs, Hcuponnd Gi leo'». JOSHUA SUGDEN, to ship St alni n, Houao Land mid (ionoral lion A »cut, Sundrldgc, near Melbourne. 0108 Koot Property. BOAT picked up near Bait Water Uiver, about AI*\J4\ « .ItbltVll I«,. I|V..( OMI, », aim «HU, BWI.I 1H feet long, black outside and Hue Inside, and no name on i tho own«r oan have her hy paying ex. pcnsoi; apply to H, MORGAN. Boat Builder, south side of the Yana, near the Falls, Wool Wnahlng-place Melbourno, Saturday, July 91,1M3._ 0190 FOUND, noir Bt. Pet» 'lhuroh, a purae con- taining a amall auir >y, whloh Ut owner cat) have nu npplleatlo' ok, at 11, and J, Oooke't, 1 lindon..tro/ 8839 OU ND, two«'i, e applying to II. i. Patteann. Neave and giving tbelr proper dcici lytton, ma .ni on paying th« exponaos, 65«« F LOST or taken by mistake, from tho Queen's Wharf, on Wednesday lait, having bren landed from the barque Nuderwaard, a caio marked L In diamond, No. 31 Any person having removed or stored It li re nutated to gtvo Information to II, W. FARRAR, 98, llourki)-itreot,woit. «ota NOTIOB.-Tlio Oflloei of Meurs, Thorn», Bpatk», nnd Co, aro removed from «1, Collliu-itroct, to 97, l'lliulori-lauo, weit, opposite. Mauri, Murphy'i Brewery, , Mvltwwno, July Htfi, H5J, mi MetUt***. IMMIGRANTS' Aid Society,-Dr?Karley attends at the Dispensary, Housoless Immigrants Home, Cans-ass Tonn, dully, Oom 9 to 11. Also, at the offlee or the Society, comer of Collins-street and Swanston sfrcet, daily, from 12 to I, for the purpose of furnishing medical ndvlco gratuitously, and in eases of dostitnllon, medicines also. JAMES BLACKBURN, Honorary Secretary. _. 8449 yACCI NATION -Mr. O'Bollly, Surgeon, Ac, at home for Vacolnatlon, every morning, from 10 to 12, at lils resilience, IOS, Collins street, west. 8395 MR. E. FLETCHER, Smgcon, lins removed to 8, Loiisdnlo-stroot, west, opposite Pnssmoro's Commercial Hotel, where ho may be consulted ns usual before ten a.m., at two p.m, and after six In tho evening. Mr. Fletcher may also ho consulted every morning at eleven o'clock, ut Mr. Dennis's, chemist, 102, Kliig-»trcot, ___9028 EDWARD LANE, Dlsponslng Chemist, opposlto the Shepherd's Arms, Smith-street, Collingwood. -Edsvord Lane,'Into of the Melbourne Hospital, begs to Inform tlio medical profession and the public, that ho | has established himself In the abovo locality na a Dlss penslng Chemist, mid trusts, by constant attention, to- gether ivltli n thorough knowledge of tho business, te receive tholr support_8857 ONSIEUR L. A. BEURTEAUX, Dentist, after a successful practice of lils profession for «even years, has great pleasure te state that he may be con- sulted at lils room, upper chambers, 87, Swanston streot Oom nine till fis» dally. The latest improve- ments received from London adopted. Monsieur li. visits Geelong the last three days of each month, at Muck's Hotel. M. 11. begs te state that ho has no connection with lie chemist's establishment 8791 mo CHEMISTS AND DRUGGISTS, and General JL Storekeepers In town and country.-G. II. Wil- liams, Wholesnlo Druggist, beg* to Inform hit friends and the trade general!},that he has made arrangements for carrying out tim wholesale drug business In such a manner as shall sccuro the approval of all those who may favor him with their orders. G. H. W. has bo;n long established In the drug trade, and has now so ex- tensively Increased his stock, as to be In a position thoroughly to execute all orders entrusted to lils caro. From tho long and varied experience G, H. W. has hnd ¡n London, and Oom his present connccUons with the first houses In Englnnd, all drugs aud chemicals can bo relied on as of tim best quality, and at tho lowest re- munerativo profits. Orders Oom tho country, Forest Creek,) Bendigo, and other diggings, immediately at tended to. Great Brunswick-street, Colllngajood, Mel- bourne. r 54263 R. E. J. -WILSON {late of Grcnt Cornm-stroet Russell-squnrc, Loudon,) Is residing at Richmond, opposite tho rcshlenco of James Henty, Esquire; at homo for consultation until half past ten, a.m. 6987 MEDICAL.-MR. E. W. PILGRIM, Member of tho Royal College or Surgeons, London, Licen- tiate or Apothecaries' Hall, London, lias commenced the practice of lils profession at Emly Park, Moorabool River. _6405» FOR Stopping Decayed Teeth.-The Eaamcl Cement, for stopping Decayed Teeth, however large tho cavity. It Is placed In tho tooth In a soft state, without any prcssuro or pain, and soon becomes as hard as the enamel, and will remain firm in the tooth for many years, rondorlng extraction unnecessary, and arresting tho further progress of decay. All persons can use the Cement themselves, with case, as full directions are en- closed. At Mr. Eskell's, Surgeon Dentist Collins street, opposlto the Mechanics' Institute. 7861 MEDICAL.-Dr. Mahony, formerly in practice in Port Adelaide, may lie consulted dally, at 142, Flinders-lane, cast having commenced practice there. _66224 IMMIGRANTS AID SOCIETY.-Notice Is hereby given, that the above Society lins organised a tem- porary Sick Ward and Dispensary, at tho Houseless Im migrants' Home, Canvass Town, where Dr. Early may be consulted gratuitously dally Oom nine to eleven a.m., and medicines procured at moderate charges, or gratis in coses of destitution.-JAMES BLACKBURN, lion Secretary. June 18th, 1853. »3767 TO the Chemist«, Druggist«, and Surgeons of Col Ungwood, Richmond, and surrounding neighbor, hood.-O. II. WILLIAMS, Wholesale Druggist, begs to inform the trade that he hal now completed hil ar- rangement* for entering thoroughly Into tim wholesale department and trusts by prompt attention to buduess and supplying every article of tim liest quality and at reasonable prices, to obtain a share of their support. N H.-The entrance to tho wholesale warehouse Is from King Wllllain-strect, at tho rear or tim present K omises, Great Brunswick-street, Collingwood, Mel urne. 2964 AYE'S Worsdell Pills may now bo had wholesale, at 68, Little Collins-street, cast. Wen. U. Taylor, agent. 3680 K Ait, S Infints Restorative, wholos ilo, at 58, Little Collins street, east Wm B Fa) ter, agent _3681 It ItTLA, rcceiitl) ono or tho Ph)slelans to the Adelaide Hospital, may bo consulted at his resi- dence, 105,1 Under« lane, east, near Russell-street 4190 C 4.1111-Dr P Rae Menzies, Mcmfcr ot tim Ho)nl Collogoof Surgeons or Edinburgh, lately medical officer of the elf) (larlsh of Glasgow, 19,, Swanston , street, opposite the Hospital C434 DR. HALLETT, Member of the Royal College o Surgeons and of tho Apothecaries Company of London, Surgeon of the 6th Regiment of Jersey Royal Militia, also, lato surgeon to the West Herts County Infirmar), and Assistant Colonial Surgeon, Portland, Ao Resldcnco Smith street, between Shepherds' Arms and Collingwood Brewer), Collingwood May bo consulted dally, at ono, at Mr. Ford's, Che- mist, 67, Swansten-street 4675 TO Ihn InhtUtiDl« an,! I'lerfly of Melbourne and It* slclnlt). Ffflcaclous euro for corn«, bunions, callosltlo«, Ao, without cutting or causing the »lightest pain, by Mr Van Mepiicit, Chiropodist, from tim firm of Vau Mep pclt and Sons, 105, Oxford street London Mr Van Mcppclt s s) «tem I* at once novel and based upon long experience, It has recoil cd the sanction of tlio noblllt) and gentry In England, ho having b) care- ful ituly and ttteiity-threo years' practice, rendered himself master of that branch of surgical art In which bo li is been so long engaged. May bo consulted dall) at 84, Collins street, east, next to the .tryui office, Oom 10 till S, where upwarda of 2000 testimonials ma) bo Inspected from medical gentlemen Oom all part« or England, willoh havo been presented to him man) ) ears after attendance. Ladies and gentlemen attended at their own resí- llenle, by giving a day s notice. Consultation Oco. 8973 DlSl'LN.S UlY for Diseases of tho Eso, Smith street, Collingwood, betts ecu tho Shepherds Arms and tho rulllngnood Hrowiry. Attcndanco escry mornlnc, Sunda) s exceptcd, at nine o clock 0103 MU Louis Lawrence Smith at homo for consult, ntlon orad« from 8 till li, and Oom & till 0,197' Great Bourke-street, cast, near the Newmarket Hotel 9309 DU M'C)IE\Nt", Surgeon anl Accoucheur, ha« commenced practice at Sandridge, whero he can bo consulted el ill). 0540 mo Contracto« - renden nio required for the nitor J. alio is and additions to a Shop In Collli s street, east; »pi ly at tho Offlco of tho undersigned, Arthur Newton, J, I onadalc street,, we st._ 9019 tCJLW ER VOL and Water Commission -Tenders will Ö borecclteilnt this Ollleo until Wedneaday, 10th d ly of August next, (rom partie« willing to tender for tho grui blngor stubbing up tho timber on the »Hu of tho 1 roposrd Rcaorvolr, ut l an l can on the Upi»r Plenty I'irtli illara mu) be had nt tho Fnginoer s Offlco Town Hull, Melbourne; tho I ilgrlm Inn, tho Plough inn, mid tho Uri 1« Inn, nil on the Piont) rood, or fromJMr 1ii)lor, tho AtslstantI nglnccr, on the ground. 1 ho tender ina) ho either for tho wholo or part, and pvrtles ten lerlng must b( prepared to commence oper. allons Immediate!) Office of Comuilltlouora or Sewers, Ao , lovvn Hall, Melbourne. -3nl lui), 1833 _ 9105 TO Builders - 1 enden will be rocclvcd at the Offlcca of the undersigned, until Thunda), 28th Inst, for the erection ( f a Blue Stone Store In Klug street; appl) for all inform itli.n to WHARTON A BURNS, Arclil tects, Collins street_ 9018 COLONIAL Engineer I Office, Holbourne, 16th July, 1353-Api roache! to Prince i Bridge - Tenders w 111 bo received until cloven o clook on 1 lies da), the 38th day of July, next, from partiel » ming to contriet for work required In repairing the approaihc« to the Prince a Bridge. PI in« mid apet 1 Illations can be teen, and further par Kentara obtained, on application at tilt Colonial En glin or t Office. Tho tendi ra endoraed, " Tenden for Repairing the Api roaches to the Prince t Bridge,' to be deposited In the li ndi r Box, nt the entrance to the All lit Office Tho Govirnmeut will not ncee»»arll) accept tho low est, or mi) tender. SAM C1IA8. 1IRLE8, Act Col 1 nglnoer 6222 SIDNEY ROAD -Tenden will bo recolved until uno o clook on the ¿8th Jul) Inst, from parties willing to contrat t for I Helling and metalling ubnut fifty three (63) chaina of the 8)dne) Road, near the doling Queen Inn, nccordlng to plan and specification to bo leen at the office of the Inspector General of Roads, William-street, Melbourne ronden endorsed .' i ender fur Sydney Road," lo be forwarded, pro paid, to the President of the Central Road Hoard, Melbourne The Board will not nccettarlly aoocpt tho lowest or ali) tender Central Road Hoard Office, Melbourne, _26th Jilly, 165.1_7858 f 110 Contractor» - fen Ion will be received by me X U|KUI Monda), the first of Alignai, for the whole or nierai work« required In the erection of a atone .tore, of two Hoon, lu Elltabeth atreet, for Meaan Cox, Shaw,and Co Plana nnd the «peolficnllon may bo Inspected at my office li. D 0. RUSSELL, architect, 33 Collins. «Ircet, weat t.'76 TO Contractor« - render» aro required for the muons and carpenters' work (labor only) to bo done In the eroollon of the tittemei 11 ortlon ot a new Independent ohapu), Oxford itreet, Collingwood | plan and »peolfioatloti may bo teen at my office, where tenden will be received until Woilnimley, 3rd Alignât. ALHIEÜ T, SNOW, Architect,lu, Elltabeth itreet. _8731 TO Carpenter« -Ienders urolnvltid fur the carpen terswurk of two stores In Ruaaell «truel, the ten. dm to ho delivered nt Hie office of tho undersigned, on 1 rlda>, nt twi Beni lock, noon CHARLES LAING, No 20, Hwanston-street. 25th Jul), 1663. 086« SIORAGL-lim iiudiralgiiid ready on|1 Monda), 1st Angnit, to «toro lnerchandlio at current rutea, 217, Groat lltiurko- atrect, weit, a few doon below King-street. II, N. I oiighnan 0J30 O Qutrrymen-lenders will be received hy me until Srd Auguit far the tumily of blue »tone for the abo», ohaptli ALFRED T. SNOW, Architect, 79, Ulsabtth itreet._' n?1J ' O Builder« -Tender« are required for the aevrral workt to bo dont In erecting gallarle« to St. Ste- phen «Church, Richmond. The utan« aud ipcoluot Uona.toj bo «MU at the otto* of the andenlgned. to whom tenden are to tie tent by Monday, lal al y*ti^-i«issiii-*ft., NOTICE.-Partnership.-The undersigned begs to notify that he has taken Mr. Alfred Bliss into partnership, and that the business will from this date bo carried on under the names of Dixon and Bliss, as Auctioneers, House, Land, and Commission Agents. He also takes this opportunity of thanking those friends who have so kindly supported him during his long residence In the colony, and assures them that nothing shall be wanting on the part of the firm, to give future patrons every satisfaction in the transaction of any business they may be entrusted with.-WILLIAM DIXON. 61, Queen-street, 18th July, 1853._6828 DISSOLUTION of Partnership—The Buslnoss car- ried on by Macartney and Galbraith, (formerly Campbell and Macartney), at No. 30, Collins-street, west, as Engravers and Lithographers, has been this day dissolved by mutual consent. WILLIAM MACARTNEY. WILLIAM GALBRAITH. Witness -Thomas Dowling. Melbourne, July 16,1853. The business «111 now he carried on under the namo mid firm of JAMES S. CAMPBELL and Co., who are authorised to receive and pay all debts due to and by the firm of Macartney and Galbraith. In roference te tho above notice, we beg to state, that having ongaged efficient workmou Oom London and Germany, we aro onablcd te tinilcrtnko and execute with despatch nil orders wo may be favored with. JAMES S. CAMPBELL and Co., Engravers and Lithographers, 30, Collins street, west. 6774 OTICE.-I huve thl* day admitted into Partner. «hip, my Nephow, Mr. William Wilson Tickle Tho business will from this date bo conduoted under the firm and style of Alexander Wilson, Nephew, and Co., a* Merchants and Shipping Agent«. ALEXANDER WILSON. Flinders-street, Melbourne, July 1st 1853. 364 NOTICE.-The undersigned having taken into part nershlp his brother Mr. George Willet Nantes, the business will in future be conducted under the style and firm of NANTES BROTHERS & CO., from and after the 1st day of July instant Signed, CHARLES NANTES. Geelong, 4th July, 1853. All accounts due by the above Charles Nantes to that date, are requested to be sent in for immediate payment, and all parties indebted to him are requested to settle their respective accounts on or before the 1st day of August next 1988 B COCKER has the pleasure of informing lils « friends that Mr. William Cocker, late of tho Union Rank, has this day been taken into Partnership, and the business of the houso will In future ho con- ducted under tim firm of COCKER, BIIOTHEUS. 68, Llttlo Collins-street cast, Melbourne, _14th July, 1853._6660 NOTICE -I have this day taken Into Partnership my Son, Burlón Grase, and tho business "111 In future bo carried on In the namo of GRAVEA SONS, Market-square. »1st July, 1853._ finis DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.-The part ncrslilphlthcrto existing between the undersigned, as tailors and drapers, under tho style or firm of Lush and Haigh, has this d.iy becu dissolved hy mutual con- sent All debt« duo to and by tho late firm, will bo respectively received and paid by tim undersigned, Ebenezer Lush. Dated at Melbourne, the 30th June. 1853\. EBENEZER LUSH, BRADLEY HAIGH Witness-F. J. Sargood. "VTOTICE.-I*. Lush bugs to announce that ho has ro XI eolved Into partnership lils brother, John Lu «li, and that the business will In future bo conducted under the namo of Lush and Co. Lush and Co. having devoted tho whole or their pre- mises to business purposes, and secured the sers ices of an adequate number of competent assistants In every department It is their determination to conduct their establishment with Increased energy, and that the exe- cution of orders shall bo marked by prompltude and re- gularity. Thoy have com plotcd arrangement« torccclso regular shipments from the home markets, of the best and mott fashionablo materials, of which considerable quantities have Just been opened. By the moderation of their charge«, and their con- stant endeavor* to please tlioso who may favor thom with their patronago, they hope to »ecuro nn Increase of the support which this establishment has so long ro ooli'cd. 51, Colllm-strcet, cast, July 1ml, 1853. 2408 OTICE.-The partnership hitherto existing bc tween George Alexander and Alfred Loulison, as Auctioneers and General Agents, has this day hcon dissolved by mutual consent Signed-ALFRED L0UI8S0N, GEORGE ALEXANDER. Witness -Solomon Samuel. The business will In futuro be carried on by George Alexander, under the style or firm of O. ALEX- ANDER and CO., Melbourne Auction Rooms, 86, S wtniton-street. July 25th, 1853. 0GÏO Mew Works. JUST Published-The Victoria Gold Valuer'» Ready Reckoner, and Atsaycr's Chemical Guide: I'rlco 3«. «d. ; being a Manual descrlptls-e of tho ordinary as well as of the scientific modes of conducting assays, with tables for ascertaining the carat vnluo of gold, and Its sterling salue from ti 10s. te £4 6s. »d. per ounce. Tho chemical Instructions by J. C. Scoffern, M.B. The calculations prepared by W. M. Higgins, F.G.8.-John Pullnraml Co., 44, Collins-street west. 64468 UNITARIANISM.- A Discourse delivered by tho Res'. M. Das'ldson, on occasion of tim first assem- bling or Unitarians for public worship In Melbourne. Sold by William Clarke, stationer, Collins-street ; price one «hilling. 0542 .torattja. COLES BONDED STORE.-NoUce la hereby given that Um ufiiUrmonttoncd eliar*;** ssdl» ne maila on all good* bonded on ami after the 1st day of July next and on all good* remaining In bond on the 1st day of October "nettebunded prior to the 1st of July. Housing and- Dellver marking. Rent Ing. s. d. s. d. ». d. Pipe or punch. .. S . 3 . 4 < Hogshead . 1 . 1 . 3 . Barrel. 1 . It 1 . Quarter-cask. 10 0 . 1 « Tierce tobacco ... 1 6 I . 3 ( Half do. do. 1 < 1 . 3 « Keg or box, 250 1 0 10 -1 . Do. 120 0 6 - 0 ( S . Large cale cigars 3 6 3 0 3 . Small do. 1 ( 1 . IS Box cigars, 1000 0 1 »3 0 3 .'JO. 0 3 0 18 3 . gallon case. 0 « 0 . » » 4 gallon do. 0 4 0 4 0 0 2 gallon do. 0 2 . S 0 » Chest tea. 0 4 0 4 0 « Half dodo . 0 3 0 3 0 3 Catty boxes. »3 » 1 0 3 Copper, por pkge. lewt and under 0 1 0 3 0 3 Orer 1 cwt. 0 3 0 3 OS Wiunr ExtuiMinoM s. d. Case cigars.2 6 » or 4 gallon case. 0 3 »gallon case. 0 1 Repacks.4 0 Sample. 4 0 Regango .3 . GEORGE WARD COLE. »2nd June, 1863._.6414« STORAGE.-floods stored ; apply to Muxssell and Robertson, opposlto lluuk of Australasia. A Store man wanted. 6029 STORE Room.-Storo Room may bo had fur flour an and other merchandise, at P. Just aud Co., Flin. dor«-«trcot Wharf. 82S1 IIIlCKFORU, GREVILLE, and CO., Storers and General Carriers, Uie Wharf, Fllndora-slreet Merchandise carefully stored, Goods conveyed Uirco times a week te the various diggings. 6057 TORAQE, Storage, Storage; 41, Mnrkot «quare west-Gooda stored by tho undersigned, as above on the usual term«.-JAMES KEELE, 69, Queen street 67» STORAGE ! Bterago! !-Storage-room for700tons, cartngo te Um lame on very moderate terms ; np] ply at ltl Lonsdale-strcot, east 8618 COLONIAL Proeluoo.-Importer» Instead or having tholr goods openly exposed on lite ssharves, should have them safely stored at the Ball Alley Snle Room, Llttlo Bourke.street whom there 1« accommodation for 2000 toni measurement of gooda. 8530 BRITISH Merchandise.-If you want first-rate itero room, you still find tho Ball Alley Stores tho most extensive and bett In Molbournc. 8540 AMERICAN Merchandise.-Take your goods to tim Ball Alley Store, Little Bourkc.strcct, st hero there Is abundance of room, commission moderate for idling, and no storage, laborago or any other charge niade. 8541 S TORE-ROOM for Flour, Ac, and Dry Goods, at Bligh and Harbottle'«, 22, Colllns.itrcet. U641 STORAGE.-Storage Room for One Thoiuand Tona Merchandise. JOHN GUIDONS, Qucen-itreet, adjoining Dickson, Gilchrist and Co'«. 0821 «.old, Wool, Tallowa «ko. ADVANCES on Gold Dust, Ao.-The nndorilgnod will make liberal advnncei on Wool, Tallow, and Gold Duit, consigned to Melin. Redlernand Alexaiulor, 33, Great Wlnchoitor-atroct, London. THOMAS AND RBW, «1, Market-square._ 64627 _Q. A AA TO Lond upon good icourlty ; apply dWlUUU to J. Davis, auctioneer, «, arcivt Collins. reo t, caat._«6402 _QO(\\(\\(\ to lend, on Mortgage, on ilrat.chus pro. dwOUUVr perty i apply to Mosirs. Snillli and Willan, »ollolton, 38, Collins itreet, caat. ' 0612 « PrAAfi IN one or more »lima to Lend,onuiort dwt)UU1/ gago of freehold brick or itono house« ; apply to Uardlntr, Morrcuoy, and Co., 73, Cluvnuory lane._»_64'.'« _?OA AAA THHiutdonlgnodnrelnttruotedto c*WtÄV«V\/V« Invctt the above lum In too purohaau of good Improved City or Suburban Property. Pnrtlot having any property of tilla description for dlapnanl. will please to communicate forthwith. P, DAVIS unit CO., C1 ly Mart, «8, Colllna-ttroot, coat._6298 NOTICE to Hütchen ann Olhora,-Thenniloislgnod are purchiistn of mutton and beef Iht, and tallow, at the market price, delivered at their store«, o, Lons. dnle-itrtet, weat, and at their work», Remington, near Flemington. ' BENN and CO._66336 TO the Sottlen or the Wettern Dlatrlct.-Wool. Tht undersign»! It a caah purchaser of tho owmltig ?laion'a clip. Arthur Beauchamp, Belfast, Port Fairy. _66676 TUB Undmlgned are prepared to purchtte or matt* advanoeaou all detotlpllonl of Colonial Product conilgiicd to their Monda. Meaara. Baring, Ilrothon, and Co, GOODMAN * UMPHKLUY, a, Collin« Itreet._64623 MONEY tobo Lent on Morlgagoon Freehold Hoon, rltyt apply to Meaara, JENNINGS A COOTE, Solicito«, Melbourne, dvao iTÉtACailEaOR, 8ollollor.-Ô*lncrrÔlUO»«d io i ? adarattoa»*!. MUSICAL EDUCATIOH -Mr. Winterbottom begs to intimate to his friend« and all who aro desirous of porfcotlng themselves In the doligbtfiil study of music, that It is his Intention to dovote n tew hours dally to giving Instruction, cither vocal or Instrumental ; and fools convinced that all who honor him with thulr preference, lils tnodo of teaching will glvo the utmost satisfaction. Loiters to bo addressed, care of M Wilkie, Clarendon Hotel._ 3805 ELORA VF. HOUSE Somlnary, for Young Ladies > Upper Prahran, noar Mrs. Chomley's, on the Dandcnong-road.-Mrs. GARDINER bogs to announce to parent* and guardian! residing In Melbourne and Goolong, that «ho has vacancies for threo young Indies. Mr*. Gardlnor'a method of tenohing Is conducted on the most approved system pursued lu tho first seminaries lu England ; the arrangements aro of a superior character, and the locality dry and healthy, being only a short walk from the sea. The course of Instruction com- prises all meiern accomplishment«, combined, with strict attention to health and morals. Professors of music, drawing, and French are engaged, and only tho limited number of eight pupils are taken. References of tho highest respectability given, and also pcrmltt d to the parents of the young Indies entrusted to Mrs. Gardiner's care. Apply personally or by letter as above. 3695 LWOOD Hill School, near St. Kilda.-Mr. Mac farlane Instructs young gontlcmon In goncral, education, mathematics, and classics. Reforencos are* permitted te tim Rev. Mr. Perks, Richmond; Dr. Wil- mot, Melbourne. 8933 OLLINGWOOD Boarding School.-Rev. II Templeton, having taken larger premises, can accommodate a few additional Boarders, whom he treats as lils own family. Class-room, Napler-atrcet Church. Terms moderate. 8833 TO Parents.-Thcro Is a Vacancy In a School at Colllngssood for Two or Three Boarders, with a married couple. Terms moderato. Accomplishments If required ; address T 7, offlco of this paper. 9364 IANOFORTB.-A futv Pupils will ho received by Mrs. Stoble, Great Brunswick-street Colling, wood. Cottago third door from Gortrudo-streot, on the right going down. Terms, three guineas per quarter. 8456 Wine and Spirit ««tores,. BENJAMIN WILLIAMS A SONS, b4 Great Bourko street, west, having removed their business from Bwansten-strcct to the nbovo commodious premises, are enabled to offer to families, tho trade, and storekeepers, consideradlo advantages In quality, quantity, and price, of tho following goods, a portion only of their stock, namely : Martcll's and Hcnnosy's brandy, In hhds., quarter casks, and cases Jamaica, B. I., and other rum* Case Geneva, Old Tom, and Scheldam Port, sherry, champagne, claret and various choice wines Lemon syrup, raspberry vinegar Ginger svlno, liqueurs, Ao, Alo and porter In wood and botllo, cider Flour, best Adclnldo Ditto, American, In barrels Tea, in whole, half, and quarter chests 8ugars, butter, chceso Pickles, sauces, oatmeal Rice, cigar«, tobacco Bran, nutre, oats Hams, bacon, Ac. ' 48237 MELBOURNE HOUSE.-To the Residents of St. Kilda and Brighton.-Wa beg to call your at- tention to our Stock of Wine«, Spirit», Beer, Ac, which for quality Is equal to any stock lu Melbourne, having tieeu carefully selected by us from the best markets. Other brandie« In bottle* and on draught Lowndes' Altona gin In 1 and 2 doicn caMI Key brand Geneva do. Best Jamaica rum Bimlon't best palo sherry Dnlf Gordon'» brown sherry Do. palo sherry Offley'» choicest old port Sweet Lisbon wine Byass'» porter, ale, Ac, With which we can supply families at Melbonrne prices. WM. NORTON, A CO., Melbourno House, Grey streot, St. Kilda._6183 NOTICE OF REMOVAL-J. A P. BROWNE, re nioicd from their Store, 8«, Collins-street, west, to their Store nt tho corner of Wllliam-strcct and Great Bourko-strcct, havo on sale Pale and brown arandy, In lilids. and qr. cask* Champagne (finest Slllory), Claret, incaica Emu, W.I., 8-tolO O. P., Inhlids. Sherry, In hhds. and qr. casks. Oats, bran, maize, and saddlery, dally ex lwctcd. 21»t February, 1863._6379 FOR SALE, at tho Corni; log Homo of tho Under- signed Bum and brandy, in hhds. and case« Whisky, lu casks Geneva, in cases Foi t, in cases Sherry, in hhds. qr.-casks, octave* and cases; Teneriffe", lu qr. casks Champagno Hock Claret Vldonla Bucella. J. B. WERE A CO. Melbourne, Juno 17,1653. 02«6 WINE and Spirit Stores, adjoining the Union Bauk. -Tho unilcnlgncd hat on Salo, at Import price*, BatrrnT-MarteU't, In and out ofbond Rim-Jamaica and Eait India, do. do. Winaar-l*lny and Campbelltown, do. do. do. Do. do. In bottle Gittav«,-Key brand Poer Wran-Hunt'», Snndoman'», ono diamond, two diamond», and throo diamond* SutaaT-Burdon'*, and other favorito brand* pal» an golden Aus-Alsop's and Bata'a " roars«-Whitbread'* Alto, LUlnn, dry and «weet wine« Champagno Claret Cordials, Syrup*, Ac. A. CAMPBELL BROWN. Melbourne, February 21»t, 1853._6380 flMIE American Stores. - Wholesale and Reta I X Grocery, Wine* and Spirit«.-CHARLES L. MORRIS A CO. take pleasure In announcing to their numerous friend» and the public In general, that they have commenced business In those well-known premises 1, Fllndera-lnne. west Having a largo and carefully selected stock, fhoy feel assured they can make It for the Interest of all thoeo wishing au artlclo which can bo depended upon to ptirohnso or thom, being fully deter- mined to «oil nothing but the purcit spirits mid tho boat of groceries, and by that mean» to merit and receive a full share of tho publia intronngc. To thoae at tho minea they would most respectfully tay, na thoy liavo mndo arrangements with carrion to Bendigo, Forctt Creek, and M'lvor, to carry for thom twice a week. Par- ticular attention will bo paid to nil onion which thoy may be favored with, and at the tamo time sending such na cm best »nit nil. 8792 011ERT HAWLEY A CO., 19, Fllndon.lnno, we»t Melbourne. Orden for wine», «pirlta, Ac, for, warded by their agents, A. W. TOOTAL A CO., Prahran. And hy Mr. J. A. EDWARDS, Hawthorne near Itlcliiuond- brldgc. 9017 Hotels and Befroibtnent Kooma. GLEN LYON INN, Western Port District, four tulles Oom Spring Criok Diggings, nnd eight Oom Sailors' Creek -C R Phillips beg« to Intimate to lil« friends and til* public, that ho has purchased tho above premises, and obtained the transfer Oom Mr. Murray, and that It Is as replete as pnsslhlo with overy attraction The house nlitmlt ammo accommodation for trat ellors, the situation Is ono of tho most healthy and delightful In Die neighborhood, mid the proprietor feola assured that the arrangcmi nts still be (bund such as cannot full to Insuro tim entire api robttlon of those who may honor him sslth their patronage. Neither pains nor expense huso been innrcd in scouring a first rate stock, and the «onleo or efficient «criants to carr) out the object of Um proprietor, to secure sitUsnicllon to aH. Good Stabling and an extonsls o Paddock well watered b) tho Loddon, itlilch runs Uirough It. Diggers'Horsos tnkonlnatlOs per is eck. 6603 mHB Oxford University and City Colfoo Hoto! ? J. Thomas C. Gosling beg« respectfully to announce to lils Monds nnd Um pulillo general!), that In order to meet the requirements of Indies, gentil mon, and families nrrli lug at this the grout centro of tho gold fields, am! tho nssire town for surrounding districts, he has 1 ullt noir large and commodious premises In Littleton street, nour the Presbyterian Church, and within one minuto « walk «f the Market where, by strict attention to the comfort nu 1 couti nlence of lils guests, ho hopes tu be fus ored with n liberal amount of patronage. An Ordinary lit 2 p in. NU- Good Rods mid Stabling. Castlemaine, Mareil 22ml, 1853. 2911 OVENS ROAD.-Travcllrn aro informed that on and after tho 1st July next, good accommodation, fint-rato wines, »pirlta, and refreshments, will ho sup. {tiled at the new township of Greta, formerly known at he Fifteen Milo Crook, Situated half-way between Benalla and Wangaratta, whore a publican'« general lloenao has been granted to Mr. A. M. Holway, under the sign of the GOLD-SEEKERS' INN. Mr. Hillway being well acquainted with the require mon!» of traveller» to and from tho gnld.tleld*, trust» by »trlot attention nnd equal olv lilly to all olaaae», to merit the itipport of tho publlo travelling on thl* mail. 8tah"ng. hay, corn, »Inulc.ynrda, paddock*. 62702 ROYAL MAIL HOTEL, BUNINYONG.-Jame* Purler rcaprotfiilly bog* toiinnmmue to lill friend! and the publie, that tho ubovoeatabllahment la now open for tholr recopllon, mid truati that the nrrangemeiiti that have boen mode to enturo the comfort of all parties visiting the home, will scoiire him n fair share of pntrou ago and support. The premltes having been erected for tho express purpose, and regardless of expense, will be found replete with every cnavoulenco, possessing iium ernua private apartuignt«, both fur titling and bed roon». In the cellar department no paint hnvo hoon .pared In leloctlng a »took of wlnei nod spirits of every variety, and of the best quality. Alct and porter of tho hegt brands, In draught mid Milo. Gund Mailling, nnd a »mull «cairo pudihiok for tho convonlimoo of parti«» travelling with »took. Pnlr-hnno vehicle« for town, o any part uf the Digging«, nhrnyi lu re inline»«. July lal, 1353._166« ' FLEMINGTON Hotel, Llvory anti Halt Btable«.- ' Charle« Whltbourno, late trainer and atud groom to D, C. Simpson, Esq., bega moat roaptctrully to In. form »ettlora, mid poriona travelling to and from the digging«, he hat taken thote eoinmodlou* and well known «tablea, biüWW »ml sheep yarda, and trull» by ?trlot attention and civility, to merit a allaru of publia patronee;», Cala, hay, mid oaten straw on roatonable tern», ilorao« broktu to «liddle and harness. 8301 CHUltCH of England Association for Promoting Temperance.-On Friday Evening next (D. V,), July 1'Dtli, a Publlo Lcaluro will ho delivered nt tho Church of England Suhrxil.ronin, Great Bnurkc.stroot, by John Singleton, Esq. M.D. Sulijoot-" Tho Dele, torloui Klroot or Intoxicating Drink» uiioh tho'Comnitt. lilly, oftnihioreit In their Phytleal anil Morn! ltolatluu»," Tliu door will ko epouçd a( govett o'clock^ WM ._Ammn«memtM. HE Elcctrlo Telegraph-Mr. Nott wjll deliver a lecture on tho nbovo subject and on Electricity asconneeied therewith, at the Mechanics' Institute, on Wednosdny. thl»day, 37th July. Members free; non members, One Shilling each. To commencent 8 o'clock p.m _;_' ,- W H ORE'S unrivalled Sate Horn Band.-J. Horo re turns hi* sincero tlianka for patt favor* conferred an bim, and respectfully Informs tim gentry and pobllo .f Victoria, that lils band Is opon to engagements, both for assembly and pleasuro trips, «han the nowost and most popular music will be iwraWmcel. Adjoining; the Weale) an Chapel, Brunswlck-streot, Collingwood. 56301 GRAND Hall, Protestant Hall, Tuesday, August 2nd Tickets te admit ono Gontloman and two Ladies, los 6el., to be lind nt Mr. Peck's Music War«. house, lit, Swanston strcot v« 9401-I Caution. _-i ROBBERY.-Union Bank of Australia.-The publie aro hereby cautioned against receiving Notes par; porting to bo the issue of this Bank, and of the denomi- nation and numbers undermentioned a case; of Nota Forms having been stolen Oom the ship Stratheden, lo Hobson'« Bay, and put in clroulaUon with Forged Sig- natures ¡- i I £1, No. 160,001 to No. 172,00» o I », 42,000 " 46,00» 10, from No. 7,001 and upward* 30, " 6,001 " 60, " 1 to No. 1,000 J. BLACKWOOD, Manager. July 3,1853._lot» NO TICE.-All parties who have left boxes or bnggaft» of any kind at the stores of Aloxander Wilson, Flinders-streot are requested to remove tlio «aid gooda as early as possible, tim room being required for other purposes.-ALEX. WILSON, NEPHEW, A CO. July lit 1863. 323 LAIR, Mr.-if the box left by you at the Sydney Hotel be not remos ed within 'ourtetn days, It will bo sold to defray expense«. " 9324 CAUTION^-I, tho undersigned, do horeby cautloo tho publia against purchasing a bay Mare, switch tell, two near feet white, branded WI near shoulder JC off side neck, MF conjoined near «Ide neck ; star on forehead, and snip or broken blaze. Stolen from Gis- borne on or about the 13th. THOMAS FARRELL. Gisborne, 26th July, 1853._934» NOTICE to Butchers, Cattle-dealer«. Ac-All per. sons arc cautioned from purchasing Cuttlo branded SIM off side, MS off rump, as nono havo been sold Oom tho station. JOHN P. HOWE, Restdown Campaspe. C960 -v OTICE.-As It appears that some party or parilas .*.-,, havo been using my name In buying gooda, of whom I know nothing, I hereby caution the publia against glsing any ono good* except myself or order. JAMES M'ADAM, Soda water Manufacturer. 14th June, 1853. ? 7663 OTICE.-Notice Is hereby given, that unless tho black Horse, branded H S near shoulder, and S under saddle near side, scut to our paddock by Georgs Mitchell, Kyneton, on tho 10th August last, bo removed within ono month Oom this date, it will be sold to de- fray tho expense«. T. and C. PEEVOB, Langley, Mount Macedon. 20th July, 1863._8364 NOTICE -All partios having drays, aaddlea, or hnrncss nt our } arils, are requested to remove tho same within one month from this date, or the articles will be then sold by auction, to defray expenses, who. thor left for salo with reserves, or otherwise. Juna 14th, 1853. M. MoCAW A CO._7863 NOTICE to Depositors of Passenger»' Luggage and Boxes at Pickford, Greville and Co.'» Stores. All persons having luggngo and boxes stored, (not mer. chandlso) aro hereby required to remove their property from the above Stores on or beforo tho 31st day of July;, 1853, or they ntl bo sold by auction. PICKFORD, GREVILLE and CO., Flinders-street July 9th._400« IF John Oaxly does not call and release tho Ilona that ho left In my charge, within fuurtcen days from this dite, he shall be sold to pay expenses. Roan horse, randed Tit near shoulder. JAMES YEOMANS, Little Ilourke-streot._601« NOTICE.-The publia ara cautioned against por- ch islng any horses or bullocks desorlbed as un- der, as they have been ttolta from the owner:-A largo dark bay Horse, R on shoulder, cross under saddle, large tear on «tlther, down shoulder, twitch tall i dark bay Mare, BB A on shoulder, mark under tall, having been homed by a bullock i dark brown * bullock, I.M'conJolned, mc, horns cut and turned inidark A brown bullock poley, Mme; red side Bull Stag, white face, knees turned in AT ; little »potted Bull Stag, JC» 3 largo ronn Bullock, 3 In circle on side. _ 713» TAKEN, from Two Bushrangers, at Gunawarra, the atatlon of A. M. Campbell, Esq., Two Horses, de- scribed as nndor. A stood looking brown gig Horse, aged, IO hands high, off tero and bind fetlocks white, star In forcheid. partial blaze In face, white munis, offside, snip white, trinded._, off shoulder. A wett W brod dark elms'ut Horse, aged, 15 hand* high, brandad AP conjoined near »boulder. Also, Two Saddle*, Two Bridle*, a Martingale, and a Single Barrelled Gun. 8011 N' -£*CAA REWARD_Union Bank of Australia, dt/OU V Whorcas a Box containing blank forma o.' Notet ahlppcd n London, per Stratheden, for th* Mel- bourno Branch of the Union Bank of Australia baa bean .tolen from the lighter or wharf and «onie of the not« circulated with Forged Signature«. The publlo an» cautioned agatnit taking auch rorgei los; and .Mowara at £6001« hereby offered to any person who will gin ank Information a* «rill lead to the conviction of the thief or thieve«, and recovery of the Note*.-J. BLACKWOOD. Manager._ UM* EN POUNDS REWARD.-The undermentioned leamen having deserted from the Danish barque Chcratka, the above Reward will bo given to any party such Information being l*ld_ down a« will lead te» olrapp ' - - - - .-«- - - WERE. Nit Lnndbek Ham Jenson Ennemi» I _Han» Peter Kofort._6 «631 FOUR POUNDS REWARD.-Strayed from & Pad dock at South Yarra, a light Grey Hone, nearly white, but licked with tmall brown apota, or flea-bitten a .witch tall ; branded on near rib* with a half circlo ant bar. Ha* marks of being lately blistered all round. Alio a Ba) Pony, branded F near shoulder, and with . white patch on one of the hind fetlocks. Any ono bringing the abovo, or furnlihtng aatltfkctory infor- mation to Mr. BALBIRNIE, Dalmorino House, 8ontb Yarra, will reoclro the Howard of two pound« for each howe._aawi TEN POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or Strayed from near Aitken'« Gap, on Friday la«t, one large black Entire Hone, atar In forehead, mottled nose, two hind feet white, no vlslblo brand. Whoover will giro auch Information to the undersigned aa will lead to the re- covery of the «aid hone, ahall receive Fire Pound* If strayed, or Toa Pounds on tho conviction 'of the offen- ders. JAMES WRIGHT, timber merchant. Mel. Donnie, 16th May, 1863._8346» ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. -Ab .comlcd from our »tore, about 15th May lett, Mlchaol Thomas Stacy Walsh, taking with bim a lut* of money ; tho abovo Reward will bo given to any persott who shall give such information as shall lead to hil ap- prehension (he Is a young man, about 6 feet 9 Inchca in height, fresh complexion, dark hair, blue or groy eye«, and wear* a moustache), by applying to Charlea Mao kcllar and Co., «torckoopora Nine Milo Creek, Orena. or James llomphlll ami Company, Melbourne, ahall receive the above Reward, June lit, 1683._MM TEN POUNDB REWARD.-Stolon, from the Mall Station, Little River, Melbourne-road, on the after, noon «f tho nth luttant Ono dark hay Hone, blaok pointa, branded, TG on off tide ncok, toro on near tide neck, dono by the ooUar, .Imitar toa loam, about three Inchea long. One bright bay Hone, white taco, branded on off ilda neck TO, near hind and near fore foot white, with . bar on near «boulder. The «um or Ton Pound« will be paid to any party who may find tho abovod detorlbod honet, and bring to con- viction tho thlof or thlevet, or a tam of Two Found« (£2) pcrhoad will bo paid to any party delivering Uta aalil hone« to the Mall Station, Ltttle Uiver. THOMAS GIBSON. Geelong, May lath, 1683. gelSt CAUTION to Poundkeepen and Other*.-Lort or Stolen, about fifty mile! from Melbourne, on th» Ovont River Hoad : A cbetnut drought Mare, no brandi, «lires- mana and tall, rather largo joint«. Alto, a liay draught Hone, branded JP near «houlit* from n paddock near Melbourne, Alan, a black draught Mare, branded 8 near «Boulder, near hind fetlock white, from a paddock la Little Brighton. Any ponon bringing the tam« to O. COATES, Port Phlllli) Club Hertel Stable«, or giving tuon Inrormetlon a* will lead to tholr rocovory, ahall reoelre Fire Pound* ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD,-Wheresa a bay Mare, thorough bred, black point», braodail TW conloi ned on shoulder, No. «a, arrow orar«, M hands high, agod, wes stelan from UM aMward* Ritrar during my abience. The above mar* was »toten froaa near Deniliquin, Edwards Klvtr. Th» abo» Itswaré to be paid on conviction of th» thl»f or stattet «oaiinas» In tho robbery. JAMES MONUU. Campbcll'a Creek, July 7th, la», »M CAUTION to Auetlcnatt«, Poaa^ltaswari, als« . OUmrs.-Strayed or Itolaa from Iritatowa Plenty-roael.aBay Hora», bi^jmaad. MM of anoaldsr, with »light blase around sha »yat. If »«jrayea, a Ko- wan! of Flv» Pounds will ba fl««* on daktiaay of »ha same to Mr. Edward Wood, at ai* (»»w»»«* Mora, Darebin Creek, and irstolaa, Tea Potjasa, SJMIV pal* on conviction of tho thlaf. _stat AUTION to Ponedk»*paT». Ans«»»-», A».-A Reward of M each hora». M»"M frasa tv sjatletaak of the undersigned, at CralfltBara, an taaaVdaay. road, on th* 1st or and lut. two HamaVrts. i-tja» hay Horte, brandtd'EIl near alioaldar, bltsaUk saw for« foot,cau»d by hobbit». On» »»«tatt Rsm. Ivaada* EB near thouldor, star on forekaasl, BHST »lad Am« white, collar.marktd on bath ihoaldan. Th» n»rsas arc namoi Bob and Sam. Whotftr may gita infor- mation that will lead to the rteovery or the lion*» or conviction of th»lhl»f, will r»o»l>r»U»»ho>r»R»>»/ " apnlylng to Mr. Thomas Taylor, at Mr, Row conviction of th» thief, will rtcelv» tit akora ltaurd by apnlylng to Mr. Thomas Taylor, at Mr. Row.»*"»» tailor, Ellaabeth-atreet, M*lboars*. EDWARD BRADLEY, Craig!* Burn. «til July, 1853._1*4» NOTICE to PoundkMpsr» and Ole»w«,-«al«» or Strayed, from Winter"» flat, on Ik» Itth May, a black Hone, branded »C off »boatoi», horaatho» naar shoulder, Hoffman», and Kiuar» tall, rWag a yasura old. A Howard of sa will b* paid oa dellrirlng trie same to Mon lion's atora, Winter'* flat j or ti» on conviction of tho thief, If *U»n. R. A. MORRÍBOI». _ '_ lew» TllltF.i; Poundt Iteward.-Lo»t,ontha«lhofJBn», a «milli, dark bay Mar«, In low condition, brand»* P. 11. on near thouldor, marked with a «kita «tor oat forehead i whoever bring* tho, sam* to Mr. BITTER'» moro, green »ni white flats M'lfori or to W'h llugton Store, Johniton-iirtet, QtöWwiaod, wlu) rogclvo ti» »bofo »»ward, * »»I* 