AMERICA. Tho dates froin New York are to the 4th May. The Japan expedition is by 110 means to be abandoned, common as the report has been. A portion of the squadron is already iu the Pacific Ocean ; other vessels have sailed. and the rest aro making their preparations for a speedy departure. I he commanding officer to whom the expedition is confided (Commo dore Perry) is a very efficient man, and as lie feels tho highest personal ambition to succeed, and the Government is giving liiin every faci lity, there is a fair prospect that before another twelve-month shall come round interesting in telligence will be received of tho result of the . 1:.:. r t t..i tJA jJlitlbUJll. X llu>L' fUilijUll lUi IJCilUwiJ 111211 tho expedition has been somewhat shorn of its strength not so much from a lack of sea men as from a desire on the part of General Pierce to impart to it the most pacific aspect. A hundred-gun ship ordered for the expedition lias been countermanded. It was thought to add unnecessary force to the squadron. Lieutcnaut Boale, who has been distinguished for several years as a very brave and daring officer of the army, who had rendered uncom mon services to the Government in transmitt ing its overland mail to California, and in pioneering parties of immigrants to that dis tant State, and who has been appointed su perintendent of ludiati affairs in California, lias, by liis late report, presented a sickening picture of savage barbarities perpetrated- by the miners and other frontier inhabitants of California, on the unhappy Indian natives, men, women, and children — a picture tlie truth of which could hardly be established ex cept upon the incontestable facts lie alleges and proves in his report. A signal triumph has been recently achieved in the city of Cincinnati by right-minded men against a very injudicious attempt on the part of the Catholic hierarchy to establish a prin ciple in that State, which, if onco conceded, would become a dangerous, and perhaps 111 the end, might provo a fatal innovation upon the conditions by which this Government exists. It was announced by one of the bishops of the Catholic Church in the west, a year or two ago, that the canon law and the creed of the Pope required, under tho sanction of nn ontb, that the principles of tire Church i of Rome must be taught by every teacher of youth, wherever it is in the physical or moral power of that Church to enforce it. It Was. moreover, said that the Archbishop was, by his official oath, bound to teach or cause to he taught to nil the youth in liis church the pe culiar doctrines of the Papacy, including tlie persecution of Protestants by the Inquisition and other means, the compulsion of heretics to receive and adopt the Fapal creed, the ab solution of citizens fro in their oath of allegi ance, &c.; In pursuance of this regime , the Catholic Bishop of Cincinnati and his whole corps of priests, vYltiert at last they felt tliem selves strorig enough to carry a local election hy throwing their force at the ballot-box in favour of any party who would sustain their views, entered tlie field, and making a distinct issue with the people whether or not Catholic schools should be established hy public laws and maintained by taxation, were most igno ininiously defeated. It was theu understood that the entire Catholic force was to be turned diiectly against-tlie whole systertl of coninion schools, and again they wefre defeated. It is pleasing to remark that when this same trick was tried in the city and State of New York, some years ago. it met the same fate, and it is still more satisfactory to think and to believe that any subsequent effort will have no hotter success. In a recent American journal, whoso au thority on tlie subject may be pretty safi-lv quoted, I find the following estimate of the number of the coloured race now believed to exist on this continent 111 slavery and in free dom " United States 3.650.000 Brazil 2 050 000 Spanish Colonies 1.470.000 S. American Republics 1,130.000 British Colonies 7/50.000 Hnyti 850.000 French Colonies 270.000 Dutch Colonies ... ... 50.000 Danish Colonies 45.000 Mexico 70.000 Canada ... 35.000 Total 16.370,0:10 " Of these, 7.500,000 are iu slavery in the United States, Brazil, and the Spuui.-li and Dutch colonies ; 250,000 are in progress or emancipation in the South American Repub lic ; and the remainder, 3.620.000. are free." — Correspondent of the London Times. T he expedition for the survey of Behring's Straits is expected to sail very shortly that is, if the department can supply the vessels to he employed upon it with the reirtainder of the requisite numoer of seamen. The many seieti- lific officers to accompany the expedition will lie drawn from civil life; as yet, none of tliein hive been form illy designated. Very shortly the vessels are expected to leave New York harbour for Norfolk, where they will take in their provi-ious armament, &c.;, preparative for their final departure. . A parly of Delaware. Kieknpoos, and Shaw nee#;- came into the neighbourhood known as the Nor 1I1 lork of ihe Canadian, bringing in telligence of several lights with the I'awnees. Delaware's, and Ivickapoos. It appears that about the 1st of March, a parly of Pawnee Mulias stole some horses from a hunting patty of Del.ewares on the waters of the Washita. I V.l f.. II I.I ... wei.i wares luooweii mem reiooK me Horses, and killed one Pawnee. A few days after, wirds several horses were sioleu from nnoiher parly of Dela wares hy the Pawnees, and were followed hy I lie Datawares, the horses re covered, mid four Pawnees killed. A number of horses were stolen from the Kickapoos bv the siinii Indians. The Caddoes wrested the horses from lliein and killed three of the Paw nees. None on the other side were killed, rails of the Pawnees were discovered crossing the Washita, going towards the Wichita Moun tains. Hie grand lud an Council of all the Indian tnbes is to lie held on ihe south side of the Canadian, in the neighbourhood of the Red Hill#, about tho middle of May. The Keechies came into the Creek Nation, a few days ago, 10 give notice of the time appointed bv the wild or roving tribes of the praries. It will he a grand affair. Lea hey, the recusant monk of Trnppo, who his been 011 trial in Portage City, Wisconsin, for the murder of B. Mauley, lias been found gudty of the charge, and sentenced to lie im prisoned in the stale prison for life. I.eachey killed Mauley in August last, on pretence that the laiter had been guilty of improper conduct with Leachcy's wife. Tlie trial, which was pending at the lime of the murder, showed the suspicions to bo unfounded. 