SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (Abridged from the Herald and Empire.) ARRIVALS. Nov. 16.—Sarah Ann, schooner, 134 tons, Captain Carson, from Melbourne 10th instant. Passengers—Messrs. Dumain, Holme, and 21 in the steerage. 16.-Royal Stuart, ship, 838 tons, Captain Goble, from Southampton 20th July, via Mel- bourne 12th instant. Passengers—150 inter- mediate and steerage. 16.— Queen Margaret, barque, 530 tons, Captain Spence, from the Downs July 19. Pas- sengers—Mrs. M'Carthy, Mr. and Mrs T. D. M'Kenzie and child, Mr. and Mrs. H. M'Ken- zie, Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair, Rev. Mr. Moir, Rev. Mr. Cameron, Mr. Mulerdole (Bel- gian Consul,) Mr. Johnston, and 24 in the steerage. 16.—Onkaparinga, brig, 180 tons, Captain Rolls, from Melbourne 13th instant. Passen- gers—Mr. Slavin, and 16 in the steerage. 16\. — Jessie, schooner, 99 tons, Captain Lind- say, from Port Fairy 9th instant. Passengers Mr. and Mrs. Coates and family, Mr. and Mrs. Ruffle and family, Miss Moore, and 10 in the steerage. 16.-Duchess of Sutherland, barque, 650 tons, Captain Williamson, from London July 8. Passengers—Rev. Dr. Lang, Mr. and Mrs. Coleman, Messrs. Butterworth, Jarvis, Bios, Davis, Nugent, S. Bentley, Dale, Chaplin, G. and C. Coleman. 16\. - Vimiera, ship, 1000 tons, Captain Neatby, from Portsmouth 5th August, Port Phillip 13th instant. Passengers from Eng- land - Mr. and Mrs. G. Leslie and 2 servants, Miss Macarthur and servant, Mr. and Mrs. Alexander, Captain and Mrs. Master, daughter and servant, Mrs. Billyard, 2 children and governess, Mrs. and Miss Tinson, Mr. and Mrs. Woolnaugh, Miss Jackson, Miss Gawam, Messrs. Adenhesnier, (Professor) Bucham, Cowper, Blair, Anderson, Dicia, Billis, Caste, Tuery, and 26 in the intermediate. 16\. - Ann Thor, Danish brig, 251 tons, Cap- tain Culberg, from Melbourne 11th instant. Passenger-Mrs. Culberg. 17\. - Epsom, ship, 999 tons, Captain Buck- land, from London July 29th, Portsmouth. August 5th. Passengers-Mr. Gardener and Mr. M'Donncll. 17\. - Niger, barque, 310 tons, Captain Wal- lace, from London July 19. Passenger-Mr. O. F. Kelly. 18 -Arrogant, ship, 8.30 tons. Captain Dye. from Newcastle 1oth instant. Passengers - Mrs. Dye, Mrs. and Miss Church, Mr. and Mrs. Bennett. 18\. - Cybele, Danish brig, 210 tons, Captain Sehuser, from Sourabaya 30th September. 18\. - Monezuma, brig, 125 tons, Captain McIntyre from Melbourne, 14th instant. Pas- sengers - Mr Bryant and three in steerage. 18\. - Grey Head, American barque, 400 tons Captain Davis, from Melbourne, 14th instant. Passengers - Mr. J.S. Bloodsworth, Mr. E.H. ???? and twenty- three in the steerage. DEPARTURES X >v. If..- 7'""/'i,-, si.« n; ei, for Moreton P. .y. It).- hl:ir, for f.'i.tm. 17.- Wni.il ¡h, (s) for Mell our.'ie. \l.-j--Hriictt, lor \\\ 'd - '«ii'. lv- /fitch II"tii7.fr, for Callao. 1 i. - Limy Urra, fot Sir.gipore. IS.- Wittci lily, for N't Is m. CLEARANCES Nov. 16.- Waleil li , biigantin?. 153 tons, Captain Hays, for Nelson. Passengers - Messrs Schroader. Fitz. Auketel, Crawrford (2), .Salmon, Wilton, end 2 in Ihe «tier ige. IC.-Tam ir, stcarrer. for Moleton B ly. P-isscngrrs-His Honor the Chief Justice. Mr. Purefoy. Crown Prosecutor , Mr. Moore Dillon, Crown Solicitor , Mi Milfold. Mr Stephen, Mr Fawcett.Mr Bray., Captain and Mrs Diva ney. Mr Wentworth. Mr F W. Chrke, Mr S Meehan, Mr. Stone, Mr. Floyt, Mr. Jones, Mrs Clarke, Mr 1 uki». Miss West, Mrs. M. Dillon, ind ¿1 in tin stnrigi 17.- Waratah, stt in PI , 3;>0 tons, Captain Bell, for Melbourne. Passengers- Mr. and Mrs. J "Williams, Mr. and Mrs. M Mass. 2 children, Mr and Mrs. W. Low, Mr and Mrs. J Nickle, Mrs. Mendall and three children, Mrs. Stewart, Mr and Mrs H D Brown, Mrs. Dagley, Miss A Hughes, Rev M. Mackey, Messrs G Lamb, M. Ivens, Trete, B Haigh, R. Webb, R. Brown, Bhirenston, M'Arthur, A Lyall, D. Marchant, Wheigh, P. Peed, A. Sims, A. Newton, C. Marks, J Kerry, J Brown. A. Skeerith, A M'Cullock, R T. Howard, P. Appert, and 85 in the steerage. ARRIVALS OF CUAsTFHS Nov 17 - Elfin, fiom the M inning River, with 170 bushels maize, 2 bundles kmgiroo skins, 100 hides, 3 halt tons bacon, 60Ü0 feet ccd tr. l8.- Jenny bean?, from Morpeth, with 42 tons coals, City of Melboui ne,.mi\ Rote, trom Morpeth, with 70 bales wool, 210 bags grain, 3 tons bacon, 8 horses, 40 lambs, 16 pigs, 12 casks tallow, and sui.drits , Kim, from New- castle, with 120 tons coals, Caroline, from Newcastle, with 1«300 bushels maize, 150 bush- els wheat. SHIPS FOR LONDON -The Sliatfo d is nearly full, as is aLo the Talavera, but the former will probably be tho first vessel, and the lattei is to sml on the 15th of Dtccinbtr, the Ellenbo- rough and Kate are loading at the Circular Quay ; Ihe Maidstone hauls alongside Camp- bell's Wharf to-day, dud having but little to discharge will commence receiving cargo almost immediately ; the Windsor is still dis- charging ; the Royal Stuart is advertised for London , the Viunera is to discharge «it the Circular Qmy ; the Bl'aenfriar will sail during next week for Moreton Bay, to load foi London. \- Nov. 19. Ihe yuntera, with the August mails, made her a¡ pearance yesterd ty afternoon. During some, violent weather they lost, through fright and fatigue, a valuable Clydesdale hoi so, ship- ped by A. Walker, Esq. ; a Durham cow, ship- ped Ly J. Dobie, Esq ; several Merino shctp, and a large quantity of live stock belonging to the ship. She armed at Pent Phillip Heads on the evening of the 10th instant. Ihe passen- gers have piesented Captain Neatby with a complimentary letter. She has a large caigo on bouid.aud thirty Merino shetp. Thtre is a very large mail for Sydney, and she landed 115 bags at Port Phillip, where she also left eight p.issengers.-Nov. 17. The Gi ne ral Strew Steam Shipping Com- pany's vcbSil Ciosus was rapidly approaching completion, and would Le ready by the end of September. It was the intention of the Com- pany to tender to bring out the October mails. She is spoken of as a most splendid vessel. 'ihe Roy a I Stuart is originally from London. She went thence to Poll Phillip, where she landed a portion of her cargo, and about 100 passengers. The remainder shebas brought on tor this port ; she did not take any passengers in at Port Phillip. The Queen Margaret docs not bring any report. She has not spoken any vessel con- nected with the colonies. The Duchess of Sutherland, from London, has had a protracted passage, owing to light winds. ENGLISH SHIPPING.-Arrivals August 1. Robert, from Sydney. 2. Surinam, from Syd- ney. Departure July 28. Alfred, for Syd- ney. The Sarah Sands (S S S ) sailed for Montreal on 22nd Ju y from landon. The ship Woolloomooloo landed her mail on the 18th July (87 days from Sydney). She would leave London for Sydney, about 5th Saptember. ARRIVALS AND DCPVRTCRES-Ihe list of arrivals and departures in and from the port of Sydney, from the 7th October to 18th Novem- ber, shows an excess of arrivals over departures of 1256 between those dates, and 16,072 from, the 1st January.-Herald. ihe steamers Shamrock and Thistle having, upon a re-survey, obtained certificates, they will proceed to sea in a few days.-Nov. 19. The mast and yards of a large ship, which had apparently bpcn cut away, were seen off Bird Island on Thursday by a sbooner from the Tweed, which arrived lastnight ~Nov 19. THF " HARMONY "-We have on a previous occasion noticed the progress that has been made in the futing-up of this vessel as an hos- pital ship, for the Quarantine Station, Spring Cove, as will be seen by the Shipping Gazette of June 4th. She is now nearly completed, but several alterations hive taken place m the in- tended internal arrangements since that report. The stern cabin on the poop 13 reserved as a sleeping berth for the medical officer, a smaller one is to be used as a dispensary, and the re- mainder for the accommodation of such ladies who, having to perform quarantine, may desire separate bprtbs The whole of the cuddy is to be occupied as a consulting room, or for other professional purposes Ihe main deck is housed-in fore and aft by aserni-circultr galva- nised iron awning. Forward is one of Russell's cooking apparatus, sufficiently large to supply the wants of 400 people, the fore and aft hatchways have been converted into ventilating skylights, whilst the main one, neatly sur- rounded by a polished cedar balustrade, forms the heading of a staircase, leading to the be betwixt and lowei decks. The arrangements in the between decks, the divisions into different wards, the attention pail to thorough ventila- tion, the laying down a third deck, we have re- ferred to on a former occasion, and it is only necessary to say that, apparently, the comfort of those who may be so unfortunate as to pay her a visit, after she gets down to the quaran- tine ground has not been lost sight of-li«7i Not ember. ?\\\ehave been requested to state, owing to some misapprehension resppcting the place of the wieck of the Countess of Derby, at More- ton ß which had not been in use for the last five years, and grounded on the bank about a mile from the old pilot station at Amity Point -Herald. MELBOURNE.- Arrivals November 8. Tor- res, from Batavia, 8 passengers. 9. Ann Dashwood, from Liverpool 9th June, Cape 25th September, 401 passengers; Sea Ranger, from New York 15th July, Cape 29th September, 121 passengers. 11. Fly Away, American ship, from New York 21st August, 9 passengers. Hie Gay Head, from Melbourne, is bound for Sin Francisco, having called in for passen- gers She jeports the arrival at Melbo irne of the ¿,ir John Htriey, steamer, on the 11th at six a m. Ihe French barque Alphonzo, from Bordeaux for tins port, was passed on Thursday near the Howe -Aov 19 Hie Torres brings the captain, supercargo, the mate, and some of the st imen, who were wrecked in the Napoleon in loroes Straits. y/ethwrne Herald, Sept 11 IIIF " AucHbR " - On Monday night or eerlv on lui sill} morning last, this fine barque, Inning m the port of Warmambool, parted Inr chun in a luav ground swell fro n the south east, and now 1 (S on the beacn, we ire infoiiiied, willi an ill pn bi'nlitv of bung got ol She 'ns in biard 1037 bigs wheit, sbip pf 1 li ilr Intern m nein mt ot tint town, tlie tli ile of which w II be {,ot ojt unuijUred - JJ ¡1 ft Hu (ail ce, m nee 17th lune, arrived at -st . -.¡ri, ii r i i' o 7ti. iiiyn't \- it\ n\ -\rriv ils Srt I I ai ii i, fiom S\ dm v 'J Jiiho, from Svdnev I) J'', iron llil-irt lo ni -D part ires S ¡t ", lot'er, t r -JV lne> 5 Lum I, tor Uistraln 13 Du\ fWJn, n, firAis traln 1 he ." Mt is 1 mhng ti r H ibart loin EMIGRATION TO AUSTRALIA - SOUTHAMP TTON. FRIDAY - the Government Emigration Commissioners are still executing their work with considerable energy. the Athenian, a fine barque of 675 tons, is in the docks, pre- paring to sail on Monday next. The Athenian is capable of accommidationg 206 statute adults she has, at present, emparked 140. there is t very expectation of her having full in about a week Hie Ft {in, lol tons, leurs tor Mel- in unie on oi al out the 10th August, and IIIP J pai nond Î 1171 tons, vu 1 sul for Po t Adelaide on the 6th. the Herefordshire, a large vessel of 1600 tons register, is taken up to sail for Sydney on or about the lOth August. Her passengers will principally consist of rail way labourers. The Poictiers and David Malcolm. two ships ot 756 and 633 tons regis- ter, li ive ilso b cn t iken up by the Emigra- tion Commissioners, and will sail ver) probably from this port, for Port Philip and Athlude, some tinu in Si pteinber - fnift, 2 îni July I oss ci TUR NLV Til!, T. bN-YnVR SHIP " Mi-kiDiw " -Hie Captim of the Fian'^lyn, 33 days from tilt Maintins, n ports the loss ot the Meridian, bound from London to Syd ne\, on a rtef of rocks ou the south-west part of tlie island of Amsterd im, on the 21th of last August Her commandtr, Hernaman, Thomas George, cook, and a Swiss passenger named Pfan, were washed from the deck and drowned On the 29th August, the pis-=engers and crew, consisting of twenty-nine chief cabin, fifty eight second cabin pissengeis, including children, and the officers ard crew, amounting to t ven ty-one, was rehevid by Ciptain Ludlow, of the American whaling ship Monmouth, whose conduct towards the sufteiets was highly spoken of and apprecnted. and who landed them all in saf ty at the M uiritius-Geelong Advertiser, ¡Soi ember 7 WRECK OF THE " BORNEUF " -The subjoined particulars of the loss of the ship Borneuf, from Melbourne, bound to Bombay, are trans- lated from a Java newspaper. The captain of the Dutch barque Everdina Elizabeth has sent in the following report. At 7 o'clock in the morning of the 3rd August, I perceived on the eastern point of the Great Detached Reef (near Torres Straits) a dismasted ship broke in two , and at 8 o clock amidst the breakers of that reef saw a boat with men on board, and a flag of distress. Immediately put about, but soon observed that although the boat was out- side the breakers, from the weakness of the men and the shattered state of the boat that they would not be able to reach the vessel ; whereupon I laid towards them, and at half-past eight had the good fortune to save eight men out of the boat, which sank immediately after. These men state that the captain, his wife, and sister-in-law, with the boatswain and four sailors, were drowned in getting into one of the boats but that another boat, with the remain- der ot the crew, had left the vessel at four o'clock, but was lost sight of in the dark. I now took every pains to try and discover that boat, but in vain. At a quarter-past 9 o'clock, I discovered her in the southern passage of Raines Island, and at half-past 10 had the happiness to save the crew. On 5th August, the commander of the British ship Earl Grey carne on board of my vessel, and being bound to Bombay, with the approbation of the chief mate, took 6 of the men to Bombay, so that now I have twenty-five shipwrecked persons on board my ship, who have saved nothing either in money or goods. I have provided them with food and other necessaries —Juvasche Courant, Aug. 24. WRECK OF THE "STATA. "—The brig Stata, Captain Jamieson, of the Kancardine, which lett Port Phillip on the 18th July last for Sin- gapore, in ballast, unfortunately struck on a sunken rock near the Great detached Reef, on the night of the 4th of August, and bilged. Every effort was made to keep the vessel afloat, but the water gained rapidly, and on the after- noon of the following day, the vessel being on her beam ends and close to the breaker's, the crew were obliged to take to the boats, and put out to sea, where they lay till daylight. The vessel was seen next morning lying on her starboard beam ends, and striking very heavily, and it was found impossible to board her. They then ran for the Barrier Reef, and past through a narrow boat channel, and were ulti- mately picked up at the Bird Islands by the barque Amigos, in which they arrived at Sin- gapore on the 2nd iustant. The wrecks of five or six other vessels were observed on the Great Detached Reef. The Torres Straits route would appear to be as fatal as ever to sailing vessels, notwithstanding all the efforts made by Govern- ment to procure correct surveys of it. Singa- pore Free Press. A BODY FOUND.—About one o'clock yesterday morning the dead body of a respectable looking man was found floating in the water at the Bal- main Steam Ferry, bottom of Erskine-street. It was dressed in a black stuff coat, white shirt, white marsala vest, black trousers, and black glazed or patent leather Wellington boots. It appears to be tbe body of a person about 40 years of age, and may be seen in the dead house of the Benevolent Asylum.—Herald, Nov. l8. BRUTAL ASSAULT.—Evan Evans, described as a seafaring man, was yesterday brought before the police magistrate and Alderman Allen charged with having committed an assault upon his wife. Mrs. Evans deposed that she was married to the man before the Court in June last ; within a month after that occurrence he beat her, which kind of treatment she bad fre- quently experienced since. On last Tuesday she was out for a day's work, and when, at night she went home, she took with her a quart of ale for her husband's supper ; be was not at home, but she being fatigued went to bed, covering the jug containing the beer; when he came home he found the beer, and because it was covered accused her of wishing to keep it for her own exclusive use ; there was no other reason given by him for his displeasure; he cut a pieoe of the swing rope from his hammock (it was produced in Court, a tanned rope of the thickness of a finger), and with this he beat her—naked as she was, taking off the bed clothes—about her body until he was tired ; she bled profusely. Dr. Rutter deposed that he bad examined the body of the complainant; he found her back covered with bruises, from the shoulder downward it was impossible to put a finger upon a spot not bruised ; nor was the abdomen free from bruises ; he never saw such a spectacle in the whole course of his experience ; there was, how- ever, no danger to be apprehended to the woman's life. The man was committed for trial. Bail refused. THE ARRIVAL OF THE REV. DR. LANG.—On the 16th instant Dr Lang arrived in Sydney, having returned from England in the barque Duchess of Sutherland. The Empire states that he was in good health. In the Empire of the 18th appeared a letter of some length from the Doctor, stating his object in visiting Eng- land, and in returning to the colony. After describing the indebted and embarrassed state in which his immigration plans had left him, and the legal claims on him held by parties in the colony, and refusal to sanction a public sub- scription to defray them, lest he should sacrifice his personal independence, Dr. Lang proceeds: "The only course that was left me in this con- juncture was to proceed to England with a view to the publication of certain works on the colony, the proceeds of which I proposed to appropriate for the liquidation of the debts ; and this ar- rangement having been acceded to by the par- ties, I executed the necessary powers in this case and embarked for England. My two works, extending to three volumes, of which there was an unusually large impression, waa rather a heavy undertaking for the pecuniary means which I could command for the purpose in the mother country, and the difficulties in ths case were so great that my stay in England was pro- tracted six months beyoud the period that would have been necessary, had I been otherwise situated. But these difficulties were at length surmounted through the kindness of friends, and a large portion of the impression is now on the way to the colonies, tlie proceeds of which, together with the result of the sales at home, wil go a long way towards the liquidation of my remaining obligations, and enable me to say at length, what everv honest man will earnestly desire to do,, that, I owe no man anything." The Doctor then asserts his conviction that the second of these works. " Freedom and Inde- pence," is the only work in the English language in which the rights of colonies and colonists have ever been stated and vindicated in the light of reason and history. Regarding the whole colonial system ot England as based on rotten foundations; and freedom and indepen- dence for the colonies as being their constitu- tional right, he announces that be shall now de- vote himself to an agitation, "exclusively a moral force agitation, "for the obtainment of these rights for the colonies. With that view he has on his way out prepared a third work, as a sort of sequel, to be entitled "The Future Australian Republic ; a Socratic Dialogue be- tween an English Gentleman and a Colonist of Thirty Years' standing." This work he pro- poses should be extensively circulated in the Australian colonies, and its profits shall be de- voted, with the profits of the other works, to freeing himself from the pecuniary liabilities in- curred in the service of the community. 