?lection Wottoe. ELB8TORAL District of tho City of Melbourne - Town Clerk's Office, 10th June, 1853 Notice I« henby given that in aiconlnnco with the provisions of the I6U1 section or the Victoria lEIiitorul Act of 1861, notices of claims and tbjcctlons, In con formlty with the subjoined lu ins, will hi recen ed it tills office unUl Frida), the lu'li lui), Inst, loilu-1 WILLIAMKEBH,1 own Clerk Nolioi of Claim To tho Town Clerk or Milbournc I hereby glvi you iiutlK Hint I c1 Um to have my name Imrrtod In thu 1 lector el 11st uf M nrd, in tho City of Melbourne, In virtue of tin frcchol 11 io perty which I possess it (or, as Uti ca«o may be, ol the dwelling house whlili I onupy it) Dated at <..*> »? In tin ) cor 1863 (Signe 1) , , oifplicool-ibtK'c) Notice or Objection I"o thi Town Clerk of Melbourne, ) and tb the person oblecteeltei J 1 hereby give )0u notice Hi it I object to the name or * of (disiribc the person objected to ns dccrlled in the riectoril 11st) being retained on tin Llietunl List ofthc Clt) ur Mil bourne , , , " Dated this lh> of ln tho yiarlW3 (Signed) of (hen state Uic dwelling liouso or property nr ti inlijeitor, is clvet 466 In the Elector ii 11st ) Medical. DB GF.OHGK COWABD, Assistant C lunial Stir goon, at Geilt ng, in i) be consulted dally it his residence in Malop street, c ^t, oiposltc Alomes lim peroneo Hotel 1192 It HALLLT1, Mimbir ut the Ibu ii U.llii.1 of burgeons and nf the \|utliit-iiics Compinv of London, burgoon it the r.th Iti glmentof lorsi) )lnv ii Militia, nlso, late Surgeon to Hu Wist Hirts Coniilv Infirmary, and Assistant Lolonlil huigion, Port land, Sec ltesidenoo-Smltli strict, lictwccn Shii herds Arms and Collingwood Brimrv, Collintuuod May be consultid hil), ii one, at Mr I urti s, chemist, «37, S» auston strcLt. 015J« OVSIEIjB L I BI.LBl I llj\\. Dentist, after a succissful prictlci of lils |rolt«slon lur seven years, has great pltasiui to st t e that lie in i) lu i in suited at his ruuin, upj cr ihiuilicis, i 7, «nx mston street, from nine till fin dill) Ibu littst lim.ro.i monts received fruin I ondnn a lopted Monsliur B i islts Cceloni Hit last three d n e f e-ich month, nt Muck s Hotel M II begs to state tint ho Ins no conneitmi with the chemist s establishment. '2 js W11 LI IMS ALU Bimi HOB-»! POM DbBS - lo I ivers M ibli kic|crs, Uri) min, and Scttlirs-These pon lcrs uro stroiii.il rtcini mended for nil oasis of(,riast, all itlous if Hu skin, bad condition, «te the) ire ilso useful tu buist» th it arc (lill feel mid stand mm li In stat Its By their use Uic hitit it 111 be loosenc 1 the i oat prest ly improved in ai 11 iranio, and the annual rtul riel in every respect fit lur 1 iltur Directions given with i acli package WILLI 1Mb < 0M)I1I0\ B\I I These ball» lim hu! i my years oMiiisIm tri il, uni arc unlvcrsall) t Unities! to be Hie most cllliitiit re undi tor lois of appetite and general weakut ss WILLI VMS PUItt. INC. lilli Made on a new principle, antlnarinntul ci rt tin Cotilo Mctllelnis ot ivir) description sill ss li jl talc and retail, li) C. II W II LI \M"-, (.rent I runs wick street, Collingwood, M 11.mt f tji.4 OUILMISIS A\D UltUf.t.lSl««, nil 1 Ciller ii Storekeepers In town and count rs - G II MU Ham«, Wholi s Ho Druggist, begs tulumi iii lils lnends and the trade generillv.thit lu Ins mule amusement» for carr) Ing out Hie win les ile clruir liuslii -s lu such a manner nsslnll secure Hu nppruvil (f ill those who may fivor bim with their i rdcrs f. II M has been long established in the drug tridi,and li is non »ocv. -femait-cî» increased hU aoe!, r. 'i Ia' » , n I ? thorough)) to execute ill onltrs cn'rnstul ti his cue TYoi the long and varied oxperir-tue C. II M litsbil in Lent n, and 1 min his present mut i linns n ith tin 1 r»t he rs In 1 n"lninl, nil di nts au 11 lu ink Us can be /fllc'cn is or tho best e|iulit), an I it tip loiKstte mullir n profits OnUrs fieni tile Kiintit, 111 «t Creel I* ndigo and t *hir t-niMto Gieat Bnnistiuk «trtt*, Cilllnew ml, M 1 bourw íl-eT t"|-/f,l ST1LIMAN dirt,!» ii, lierrlliL sir it, ItiT ir/JL iiionil, inn) lu consult, d it his r «id, nee until 1,,It past ton dall) and fn in eleven t > titilu, at Mr < s ¿ertöne«, chiiulst, 1 ll/uiht li street, itiihiue n I ti it colls It I' .1 WILSON (lit. if (.r, it ( irimslret", Bussell sqitari, I oiuloii ) Is nsl ting it Hie lim m 1, opposite the residence ot .lunts lit ni), 1 sipiiu , a home fur consultation until li Uf | .st ti n, i m 4970b TOOTHAcT!r^--ihis mist lulnful im.t tllstri««ing distase un) bi immciliiit ly cure 1 bv the us if F.rncst Carters Anti Oil intil^lu, lui be bud only nf Mr Archer, chemist Malup street, Gielmr, and ni Mr Ernest (arter, t)iiri.«u Dei tl't, fo, Bus ,11 strict, MellionT, vilnsi allimture will bo utLu'ied touch bottle, prli c is ru021 "I7"LTHtl\ VltY suit!.ION - I01IN Mist \M Y BLI", Mi iiiber oftlu Boy il C lilli gi lMittrlnirv Sugeons, in ciiinmentlng the i ractlrc of his | rs u «si m Íopposite Hie Gillio Inn, ami adj billig tin Victoria Jvery Stabils. Swanston street) s illelts Uic patronage ofthc gentlemen of Mell ourne and Its vlilnlt) In t ii ling tho attintlon i f oxtners er valuable li uses ti lils now and cominotllotis Sh icing I urge, winn iioikin n of the first ilass an empl >) eil, nuil r tin suptitisl not himself, who Is thorough!) ni |iulntrd Hitit ti e impur tant I ranch or Shoeing Hursts, lie trusts th it in dis|inti li andecononi), the gcn'lomin fin ring lum tilth thiir patronage will find thatsatisfittloii iiliiili it nil! le his study tn deserví J M has ha I tho advantage of atti n!li g lo tour linn drcd cases of disease, monthl), it Hu \itulinr) (ni lego, I diniiurgii, and is an honorais nssothtn or Hie Veterinary Medical Soelet) on llnbiirt,h, lie also liolds tis a tcstimoni ii, a first class medal, and ret cm el it diploma, Tor an ossa) on the nuitoiii), diseases, ami sholng or tho horse Residence, 11,!, Swanston street, oi pósito the T irge _ti2f07 A NRW DlsCOM.in -Mr 1 KM s I ( \UT1 1!, burgeon Dentist rrom I lindon, Cullins street, corner of Hu sell triet, lu l,s to Infurm tho lui ii Hants of Melbourno, tint bo his introducedan intlnly nut description of Al ti fiel ii Teeth, lixcd ultim it «| rings, vrtrcs, or Ii" mruLs, *!io) »o pcrfcctl) re'embie ti c natural teeth, ns not ti tie dlstliigulsbi 1 from the uri glnnl hy tho c1 nest olisi rv cr They n III nu i r ch.iiyo color or decay, and will ti fuunlvcr) *uptriir to an) other teeth ever befun used Ills mettioei elms not ri qulro thi cstraitlon of tliu stumps, or ni) pulnful operation V C Ins also Introdiiitd anew min. ral Succcdaneum fir »topping dei i)ed tilth, willoh is placed In wltiinut Hu slightest imiu, nu 1 liiime liitel) restores tho tooth tu its origin ii utilit) In mistlliei Uou 474.it. I.I1IC IL- MU I W I ILt.ltlM, Mimbi r uf tho ltnjal ( olicgeof Snrgtons, I undi n, I leen Hato of Apothcc ules Hull, lum,Ion, Ins cs mmtiiied Uio practice ot his | rofessiuu nt I inly Park, Moorabool Uiver scoot) li P rWISI I OBI), .Surge-in, hits removí d to M'Kcn/lo streit, Hin neu stiitt to I a 11 be street, near the Supremo Court Hu will bent his lute rosldcnco In Swanston street, 117, ivery morning troin, hairpastftollo'cln-k._IM FOB Slopping Dei i) iel 11 ith - Tin I munt ! Ccinenti tor stopping !)icn)cd ruth, howitcr large Uio cavity It Is | laied in the tooth in a soft state, w itlu ut any pressun or pain, and soon bccoiues ns hard ns Uic enamel, and will remain firm in tho tooth for unit v years, i-onlerlng extraction linnet usury, and arresting "thu further progress of eieca) All |*rs ins cm use tin Cement Uiemsilvcs, nilli i ise, ns full dlrtetions art on dotad At Mr Fskcll », Surgeon I), mist, (,111ns streit, opposlti the Mee bailies lustltite MJIH IrtTHMPI Itlu Dogs -Ihls prci lient ills use in ) hu cured nt Mist imbil'« Veterinary Sur"ir), n I joining Vlttorl 11 licry Stables, two doors fiom 1 lulu Uourke-street, Swanston strict Mil» MEDIC IL - Dr Mihnnv, formcrlv In ] netlcii in Burt Ailtlable, mny bo consiiltrd dall) at 14.? Flinders lane, last, having commented j millie Hu re M .J I CARD-Dr I' ita Mtn/li« Munliir of thu llo)al College or Surgióos ol lillnbiirgh, I itel) me Heil officer or tho CIt) Purlsli or (.limon, lil!,, Mi niston street, npp isllo tin llosplt ii liUIS 1.DK VLAIlMtl -Hr Miniuil miy bo eoiisiilted gratuitously, at Mr Hulls, ( liiinl«t, 111, (.re.it Bourke.street, c ist, fiiilil hi If p ist one till three dally _KUI Pl.NI'ltlDGi: -Medical Nulli« - Important.-Dr O liant, Mi muer of tho Ho) al ( t Iii go «nirge ins, London,!, \ C , 1 ii i iitlnti In Mldiilfir),und Oraduiiti' ofTrlnliy Collige, Dublin, lins resumed the practlio of hil profession at his risldtuce, nixt to l'ont Office rcntrldgo_fJ4!i 11 MR J I) IIUAfJGL, M II C S mid LAC, latu ol the Bristol Hospital and lillington Dlipinsii), hal commenced pricllio In Derb) street, Row ena, parade, Hit liniond_478H2 MEDICAL Partmnhipi £900 mab donn, lndli|nn «able g other tenus liberal, a married gontlumnn £ referred i apply personally to Dr Mingay Sydir, loorabool itrcet, tie elong, or by letter to his nddri ss _61381 Mil E. U.BreilKIt, Surgeon, lia« remoled to 30 Llttlo Lnmilnle-street, west, near (Juron strict, whoro ho can !w innstilliil as usual Mr 1 lelchor also attends at hil surgery, 4, Collins street, west, csory day from 10 to 11 a tu , ami fi to (I p m 1007 TUL F ¿tldii Dispensary, Groy-sticct, near Nortor Btoto, I» now open Prescription« and lamlly Recl.ivieiiroflilly pntiarcd Tenth Extractnl Mr Watklni, Surg on, atttntl« dall), between ono and three, for omi« illation Mit June nt 1301 Tl'sT CRAIN, M I), Physician and Surgeon. OClee nearly opposite Sandridge Inn -To the peopb ol Sundi Idgo and ii.nlliuiiiil. r« « fvessi Is lylug In llcbaons liny rcqutrlngtlioiervlod of a rhyalolnn, he wool < t Uiat hil ofllco may bo found oj »n i-oin o a ni. I) IO pin "xtLdrldge, July 4th, 1861 ii60 IMMIGRANTS AID SOOIRTT.-Notlio I« hereby Í 'von, that tho above Society lui« organised a tem. pnrat/ flick Ward mid Dliticnaary, At tim Houseless Im lUlfrranti' Home, Cniniim Town, wnoroDr Eurly may bo conaultcd gratuitously dally from oin» to eleven a.m., Mdtnedloliii « proouriil at inmliirntc cuargr«, or gratis In «Mci of doitllutlon.-JAMES BLACKBURN, lion »eccetary. JanolHtb, 18B3._82101 DK. BANDIH, Burgeon, who practli«! lately In Liverpool, llnniimry Surgeon to (he Uvorimol DUpeusarloi, may bo consulted at 13, Great Locstlale «treet, east, ft otu nine till eleven every morning. ^__14484 WARM and CaltrilMhTaf the"Carlton Bathing Eilnbllshiiient,, Certrutu strict, weat, Colling. « wood. Opon every day from icvou a m. to light p.m. 1304 IANU-FOIITKS corri'ntly Taned, and every deaorIjitlr.il of repair I'le.jutcd In the belt postlb't) nunnie" by Kobirt Smith,,!» jina»» wlUi Mmn. limul woW, Lomtoni »iii+v. 1 Vi lllgw" Cottage, Unuuwlck, ftrt»et, f^llifwood, . /»., ' INI I BstsCMa. Sheep, Cattle, «to. SEVrRAL Fino Mllih Cows for Salo, apply toR WIGHT, Morrl Creek, near Mr Thorpo s Boiling Down Establishment, Pentridge 1329 I¡10R Sale, three teams Bullocks, with yokes, bow» * and tin., s, tarpaulins and o»cr» thing completo, to bo sol 1 sep ir-tte or Hie lot 1 or i articular» appl) at tho Iraiellcrs Rest, C illingwood_629 SPL1 Mill) Invislment for i Cipitallst - The Tri gowcll Station with 2000 bend of cittle, and 10,000 sheep Tor s ile Tho undersigned Is Instructed by Messrs C A J Bradshaw, to offer for Immediate silo the abovo named cattle and sheep, ii iUi ri(,ht to the said station of rragowcll, situate In the unsettled dlstrio", md distant from Melbourne about 170 miles This station Ins 16 miles frontage to the Loddon Riser, and comprises in area or nearly 200 squiro milos all avalla! lo uunlrvof the » iry best nittciiing quillt), mid nbundniitl) watt red b) the llliir I oddon,anl by numerous I ig ions Inter «l«rse 1 throughout tho run It Is cstim tted us capable or carrying Hit oughout the) car frilly 20,000 sheep, be sides tlic number or cittle now dep isturing upon It Toe cattle are ol iver) stferl ir breed ml upwirds of )00 heal will be rea ly for tho mirkct during the en suing months of Vugust nnd Septcmbci 1 lie sheep an pel intly sound and fru from disease 1 he st ition Is most ravonblv sltuited for suppl) ing thiiirlousdlgglngsiiithfat stock, being dist mt only 40 miles from Mount Korong, and about CO miles from I orest C reek and Hen ligo Supplies, w orklng bullocks, dray, horses, t,t to bo si Id at a f ilr »almrtioti 1 erin«, £6,000 c ish, £0,000 at C months, and the bal nnco piyablo by Inst iltnents t xtm Hi g o» er 5 or fl ) eirs is miy be agreed upon, the whole bearing Interest at 8 per cent perunnum \11 further pirtlcnlnr« miy be nsccrtilnetl b) npil) IngtiJNO M'klNiMI .Quoin- street 061 PLKLM1 RINO ll\MS-rorSil , .00 p ire Merino Hums, bred li) Mr Willi mt Hamilton on the SugTlnf Crick \ges, two, foir, and six toothed »PI llcitlon to I mile at tin st-ttiou, to Mi John C uni hell, Glin iron t, Sugir loaf Crcik 410 HU P mil Stations for Sale -8000 Sheip, willi n"ht to the «tntlons, in Hu Gipps Lind District ku m n as Sniki and bundi) Islmls, eil ibk of carr) ing .0 000 lho two islands nro disidid into four l»iddotKs, 1) natur ii ind other lound mes, andaré free frjin nitlvc dogs, thus loqitlrlni, few sltej bonis 1 ir furllnr pirtleiiltrs, apjl» to Messrs Ruell nut! I carson on the station, or to It and P IURMIUI L, Mirkct stint 4S..H5 I Mt A bON han Tor silo, t> irrlvi In about i week, »* hi id or will bred Stori Cattle, consisting of Uie r Honing s \ s md ij,es - \bout 181 hull ick» over two )eirs old Ditto \il seers ditto ditto llit'o 1»9 cows ditto ditto Ditto 90 h Ifers ditto ditto SS7 heil 54121 Al UK,! extinto! Winter shiep Counlr) -Hear md bon ln»c beiu Instructed to otlcr f r saio au e\t nt ot omti) ra) iblo or fattening In tho winter «ea son ihn ist ni) number »t sheep, described as loll ins -( i min nclng at the n irtb west corner of G 1' Hall s run on 1 bounded on the siuth by n line be irlng west about twen') miles on Hu west b) a Uno bearing north about tuint) Tour miles to Hie south wist cornel or Stanbridge s run, on lho north parti) by Stanbridge s run and a c mtimi ilion of its southern bounder), a lino east about twenty miles, ind on the cist by a line heir ing south about tuent) four miles to the point of com mince mint, lil VHASON 402 lill WHNO uni Winnowing Machines fir Silt - Crnsskill » I ittnt, just imported, to be seen at our Ynnls, lorner of Bourke and (¿uieu k'rects Bl AH and bO\ 1010 w L I. L II II E II Sound Sheep, for bale 1300 1 ives, of good ages 2100 Hoggets of both sexes SO Rams, Aitken s breed SCSO OUT The ibo»o lot or superior °hcep are now le posturing on a station ni out rirty miles from Mel bourne, win re they will bo ddivertd to tito i nn histr li r prie, Ai , apil, lo IiLAtt A »ON, ot>, tinco street 431 HORM «.-lour lime h irse ma) be relieved or Hired it Mise imbi s Vcti rlnary Sun,cr) and Tiri.), Sn m«t m street, nlj lining the \ klori 11 her) «t ibl , ii »i I Uti Ilourke str ct S.iOS .530.' straitidii) Messrs D ind II Ilirdii to oller for »ile b> prhiti coiitrut the Glenburn Stiti n, on th »Indi) Crock, with about rioo sound sheep md 00 i i tie 'hi sixes mel iges ofivhlcli ina) be It mit on ni plication it the rooms of Hi luctlon ers about 1000 l.nnl s, t t.nm of ilcjit winking «Hillocks, dray, Ac , will be ghin in 1 erins Ubini ICH BUT I DIM, 1 \\\1 S- lor sale on the station ot tin undersigned, Se)tuour, Goulburn Uiver, J100 sheep as un 1er ."00 t md 0 tooth iwcs (.00 full mouth do, And 2S0 4 ind C tooth wether« J100 hcid »Nirriut dncserto hive loin diseased MCI101 SON ARO ICH, or Mr JOHN MACKEN/IL, (¡\ i cn street 4H951 DUM I mu R( ition ft r Silo li) prlvite contrait Ka) and II itchart are Instructed b) II t mining ham, 1 sq , to oner f r "«ale tho Mount 1 mu « 14/00 superior «hi p, 3000 ot which arc now rit, mil 5000 encs have lambs by their sides Tho house and oilier Improvements aro complete, Hiero are stores on . the station sutlleient to serlo till after she irlng rim himseliold furniture, as will as th» stuns, »»ill hi giun in to the i uri has r 41, Bourho-street, Cth Jul», 1853 2104 III 1 P and Station for Sale, by Prhatu Contract - 1 lu stalh n Is foi ly miles fn in Melbourne, or a ver) rattening naturi, and abundantly watered, there Is depasture upon It4200slurp free from all disc ut, an I It will carry 7000 lor ] articulan mil term» whlih aro liberal, apply to J ti DOUGHARTI, Purcells Horse lit posltor», I onsdalc street .¡I J9 I T'Oit Sale, a good staunch h irai with Inrntss, price " [£45 Appl) Ulis dn) to Stci Ileus, Nelsonnnl to, land office, opposite St. l'ait! s church, Snutiston-strcet »ewartl«._ OBIiritY -Union Ilnnk of Attstrilln - The i tibllc aro hereby cautionisl agilnst reiiHIngNotis pur Iiortlng to bj the Issui of this Hank, nnd i f the deni mi nation and numbers tin lermeiitii ned a caso of \oto I orms lining been stolen from tho ship 'Unthtdcn, in Hobson s Ila), and ] ut in circulation with 1 orged big natures - £1, No 160 001 to \0 172 000 £,, 42,000 " 40,000 10, from fso 7,001 and upwards 20, " 6,001 " SO, " 1 toNTo 1,000 J BLACKWOOD, Minagcr Inly 2, 18M_1009 Í?KfkA KrW HID-Union Bank of Australia _ ¡aVOVfi/ Whereas a Box containing blank forms of Notes shlpied in London, per Strithcdiii, for tho Mel bourne Branch of the Union Hank ( r Australia has bei n itolen from Uio lighter or wharf md some of Hu notes circulated with lorgid Signatures Hie public aro eaiitlued ngalnst Liking such forgeries anda Re»ard or £500 Is ben by offered to nuy poison who »»111 gl»e such infiriiuUon ns will lea I to tho lonvlillon nfthe thief or Híleles nnd recover) or Um Notes-J BL VCkWOOD, Minuit,! r_1008 TtlN 1 1011MJS I I.WARD - To Poitnlkcepers . Auetioii is, nn I Others-Stolen from kindon u the 14th il M ii, u I lick Horse, tigcil, long tall, star in I ni he il, n Ihr nu I «mblle marked, ofTforc fiotiiml ff hlnl fool white, branded ripon off shoulder, »tareel» isllilc Any person bringing the »aid horse) to Joseph Hanks, K)i) lui, it gil Ing «nell liifiriniitlon ns will Ind to Its rieo\er), will recihe tho iiIhho ltewonl JObEPIl BANIsS, K)uoton June 12,1853 6195J ?1 ho undermentioned _ _ l the Danish barquo Churuska, tho tiliove Reward will lie ghiu to nn) iwrt) in such luforimitlon btIng laid thuin ns will lead to Hu Ir iippnlicuslun Ho) al Dmlsh Consulat., J B WLRE Nltl Hnmmeltof Nlsltiiulbik Hans Jensen 1 nnem irk Hans l'tti r Kofort C4f 15 IjlIVIl Pounds Howard.-Lost rrom Hie M Ivur dig ' glngs, an iron Urcy Horse, lir-nuliil Hi muli r saddle mar side, nenr our silt nt the end, long sitltih hill, vxhltii Inside nour hind fitlnck, nboiit 14 hands high, and filo stars old. All) isrsuu bringing bim tu Mr M'Gngurs, Devuushtro Arms, Nm Tnwn, Aft 1 boiirno, or to Dr. Mntthiws's tint, M'lvnr diggings sbnllieculvcthonlioveBcwnrd. JOHN MABSI1ALL. «K11 UIIB POUNDS ItKWAHD-Stri)«! from n Pud dock at South Yarra, a light Grey Horse, nearly white, but ticked with small brnwn spots, or flm-bltten ¡ snltili tnlli branded on near ribs with a hair lire le mid bar. Has marka or belüg Intily blistered nil round, Also a Bay Pony, branded P near shoulder, mid vi lill a white patih un une or Ula hind felloeks. All) one bringing the above, or furnishing suUsfactnry Infor- mation to Mr. DALlllltNlF,, Hilmcrlno House, South Yurru, w11] receive Uio Howard ur tito iHitllids fur mell horse.__ _64514 rilKN I'OUM'S HEWAHD.-Htnleimr Struy«! trout J near Allkin's Gan, on Friday Inst, ano largo black F.llUro Horse, star In fnrchoad, mottled nose, twn hind feet white, no vlilblo bland. Whouvtr will give suth Infurmntiun to Um undorsigned as will lead to the re- covery of tho laid horse, shall receive live Pounds If strayed, or Ten Pound« nn tho cunvlcllnn nf tho («len- ders, JAMF.S WltlGHT, timber merchant. Mel- bourno, loth May, ima_ti3400 NB IIUNDHKI) POUNDS IIUWAHI) - Ah iconded from oar «tore, nlsiut 13th May hist, Michail Thomas Stacy Walsh, taking with him ii sum uf money i the above Howard will bo given to any person who ilirill glvo inch InfurmnUoti us sliiill loud to lil« np. prehension (he J« a young man, about S fut 0 luches In height, fresh oouiploxlon, dark hair, hluo or grey uyis, and wear« a moustuibo), by applying tu Charlu Mac- kellar and Co, storekeepers, Nine Mile Cret k, Ov ens, or Jomet HcmphlU and Company, Mulbuurue, shall receive thu above Howard. Juno lit, 1853. 47141 TEN POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen, fruin Uni Mull Station, Little lllvor, Mclbourne-rond, on tho after- noon sf the 14th Instant One dark bay Hone, black points, branded Tfl on off side nock, ion ou near «I« nock, done by the collar, «Imll-ir toa «earn, about tbrco luchos long. One bright bay Hone, whlto ûco, branded on off side neck TG, near hind and ispar fore foot white, willi n bai1 ou near shoulder, Tin «um or Tun Pounds will bo paid to any parly who tnsy find th« «bored described horse», and bring to cou. vlotlou lho thief or thieves, or a aun or Two Pounds (£3) per bead will lw paid to auy party delivering lho sahl horse* to the Mall Station, Little ¡liver. THOMAS GIBSON, Geelong, May IM*., IBM, 64».'» FIVK POUNDS BKWABD.-My «un rotor Finlay, son, having left his homo on Monday, tho 97th .lune lut, I «hall be glad to givo Flvo Pounds tor the dluwvery of hit prêtent place of raildchcd i inui all per. toni aro cautioned against couoeallng or harboring him, ai tor to doing, they will bo moat rigorously prosecuted. DticrlpUon-Twelst ycart of ace. fair hair, fair com. pliMlon, ralhar «Um mad«, luul ou a light tartan lumiier, da>k «tripod Votiaer«, and a Bootch cap. OKA, FIN. LAYÍOK, Hasten Market, Ilk tUijr, 1WI, Mi« ?«sTiiie au« -4i*lrlt Bteraa. TsyTOTlCL OF REMO »AL -WH AHBOTT bogs -Li to inform his numerous friendi, supporters, and tile public in general, that ho has remo»¿d from No 9 Swousto i-strect to more commodious premises, at 117 Swanston-strcct, jormcily the nsidenco of Dr lord W II A takes this opportunity of returning his sen cere thanks for tho patronage bestowed on him, and hopes 1 ) strict attention and with a determination to sill at tin lowest possible prices, the most giuuino arti iles, still to merit a lontiuaaucc of Hie same Alwaj s on li md URANDY Martcll s in hbds and pr. casks Hennessy s do do United vine) anl do HUM lamalcaan luneheons Dom nura in hillls Last India do OI D TOM Booth s, In hhds nnd case« G1 Jîr- \ A In cost s and li llf cases HUNT'S Portwine, single, double andjreble diamond do superior In casos Shcrr) in Illida and qr casks du one and three dozen cases Clnmpagni, claret, otc I cmon syrup raspberr) vinegar, etc POKIER In hhds 1 ninian s, Whitbread s and llllots ALE Ind and Cooper and Rugard s B» ass s nil and portir, lu threi aud four doz insks CIGAni Manila clgirs, N*o 2 and 3 1022 IN JAMIN W111 I VMS A SONS, having remo» ed their business from Swnnston-strcct to Hie aioio commodious premises nro enabled to offer to ratnliics, the ti ide, and storikupcrs, considerable advantages In qtitillly, quantity, and priie, of the roUoiilng goods, a portion only of their btoik nnmel) - MartiH s and Dennes) s brandy, in hhds , quarter etsks mil usis Inlinet 11 I anl other nuns f isi Odin i, Old Tom, nn 1 Siheldam Port sherry, champagne, clirit, and various choice 1 cmon svrup raspbirty vinegar Olngcr wine liqueurs, Ac, Me mil porter inwood and bottle, cid« 1 lour, best Adilni le Ditto Vint ricin, lu birrels lei, in whole, bnlf and quarter cliesU buj,irs butter, ebcesi Pliklis s utccs, oitmeal like, ilfeiis, tibieco Bran, miiri, oits Hams hu on, Ac 46237 N'orill Ol 111 MOY AL-I A P BItOWNL, re moi ed from their Store, 64, Collins street, west, to Hull Ston at the lonur or William street and bri it II mrki-slreit, Imp on silo Pull in I brou n irnidy. In hhds and qr casks C haul) ignc(llnest Slllcry) C1 irot, in casts Rum, \Y I, ti to IO O P , In hhds bherr), in hhds and qr casks Oats, brin, m ti/c, und s iddlery, dally ex pictcd 21st Iebrtur), 1851 50481 1^011 SALL, at the Couu) iug Houso of the Ludir . slgncl Puni and bran 1), in hillls ind cases YMilsk), in casks Gi nein,in cises Port, in c tses Shei ry, In hhds qr casks, octa» es and cases leneriir , inqt cisks Chaniiiai,uc Hoik Clan t Y Idonii Bucilli J B WERE ft CO Melbourne, June 17,1803 62443 WIM and Spirit -stores, adjoining the Union ltink \- Hu iinilcrsltnod has on Sale, at Import prices, Hhandv-M trtcl' s. In and out orbond V, Hum-Jamaica no1 1 ist India,do do I YY hhk»-lsli) and Campbelltown, do do do Do el ) in botüi Gkmíi i-ke» In md Pout \\\i\r-Hunts, ^lindemans, one diamond, two di nu nuls, and thrco diamonds Stn mt»-llurdotis, mid ollur fuiorite brands palo tiuii l,o1 len Yu - \ls .ps mil Hiss s Polin it-YY hitbriu 1 s Also, lill n, di) and swictnlms Cb ii pillie ( In t Coi II I <-)rui«, Ac \ CAMPBFIL BROYY\ Mil nine 1 ebruary 21»t, 1S53 50480 TIM) I imlllcs and the Tnde -Import YViuc nnd X spirit "«tores, 14 and 10, Great Bourke-strcct, west leirly tipisislto Kirks lla/iar 111 SJ YYlIN WILI IAM8 A SONS being exton she iuqiorters, arc enibted to oller their v tried an I ex tenslic stock or genuine wines ind spirits, at such a st ile or i ric) s as must insure them u pnrirenic a sitlL.li tri ii will eon»ince 48238 Rouses, ¿.an'', «b.c. CHLAP HtlHIOIDS'' -Allulmciits fruit I if tun tu Hits Pi unds each llliiir 1 iwn, Bid lllutr, Brighton 1 M HOI I OW M has great pleasure In offering tn Uic | ubllc of \ ictoria, the virions chulee le ts lu the abmidcllhlitfully sltnutid rutinship The bun Inl an) sevint) sl\ allutuicnts, together with tin streets and Bescrves, cuini rise the last purcliase of G ivcrninont land made b) bim belurc our gold discoveries hal raised ns to Hie elei ititi ]msltioii ne m vi enjos, or lind tnudo usât nil familiar with, or cvin j rcpnred us fur, tliocumparalliilv cxtrivntaut prices now realised nt nil lund sales It would bu suporlluoiis to enlarge on tho utan) nntu ral advantages of this IiIl,1iI) favored sivat Ino Beti llluir Is to well knoxxn, uni so muth admired, that nothing moro Is necenary than to state that tho above aiiLs|Uullcd propirt) t.-tkus In the whulo Sea frontagt of tlilst.ttïledpnlnt Comtnandln,'», us It does, an unlimited view of tie Ha) , possessing an abundant supi ly of Pure W nter, being within a mile of Hie Goverumtnt Village Bcstrve, an.l in view of Uie Brighton Hotil, and occui)lng a position which attracts the e)c of ne tri) ever) oin intering the Port, we may wiUi cor taint) ] rodlet an unparalleled rise In the vuluo .of the lots as soon as the Brighton Ballway is completed And it must nut bo overlooked, that the Cumpiny Is now forming, mid tho share list being tilled up, as in ly be seen b) thoSudvirtlscmcnt dally appiar lug in thu local journals In recommending, as au in vestment, Hie propert) now offircd Tor salt, tin adler User cannot do bcttir than rcrcr the nadcr to the n 1 vertiscmeiit lure si-okcn or, fruin which the fultuwlng is extraite I - * By tin inlustri and wealth or the colonists Mel bourne lias become one of the most cxtnordinar) titles in Hie world II) railway coinmuuiiatlon, the towns and vill ii.es lilli moko gigantic strides towards Hie attainnii nt of a similar position Tho futuro wants and comf iris of Hu purchasers, have bein mainly kept invitw in ]a)lng nut the tiwnsliip All the streets nrc one ihaln wltlu (tin samo width us Great Brunswick street), mid lu Un nuln uf tin pru perty there are four I nrge Reserves, grintid, respecUvely, fur a Binivileut \sylutn, All Hospital i A \ntlunal Sell ol, and Alms Houses Tlio title is dlrcit from the Cronn to the advertiser, who will sliow the Cruwn grant to any lurihaser, nt the timo or sale, and furiiish an attested con. If ro quired, nt Hie nomino! cost of four shillings 1 lu plans ian 1» seen and ] urihoses iff eti 1 nt Hie otbec of J M HOI LOW Al, 60, Great Bourko-strcet, west, (OpiKisltu kirk s Hurso Bazaar ) N B -A plan will bo given 11 cich purchaser 113 0/\ AClthS of Land, ncnr llihlilborg, for Sale, lo ¿i\J acres cliarid and part under crop, nnd 10 ni rts uf grass pul lotk, thoiultiiatluu land has n frontage to tim mur falling waters ot tho Darebin Crcik, nut) billig rieh lila k soil, Is admlrilil) adapted fur niirkit gar deni rs V largo portion or the | iinliasc ninnes mav ? t malu nut li II ink Interest lur une, luo, or Uirio ) cars To prêtent trimble, lunest price, f 70 |ier acre Appl), b),letter uni), to I leila, cure. Mr Stilton, Linen Draper, Great llmirko-strcet 6JO ILLIAMSIOWN-lur Snlo, a largo and sub. stulitlul Store, situated ni ir the \\\ li uf, and capublo or storing 100 to 400 tons or goods 1-eir particulars, nppl) to 'I HOMSON8, HEADltlf K and SMI ni, IO, 1 "linders lau , tost £.iJ rillll, Bank Properly -For Hull, scierai chuleo set JL tiona lu this cshite, two and a hiilf miles fri in Mi 1 bourne, on tliu lill! uvcr tho Merri Creek Hrldii, con mining from 4 to t) acrtscuch, os per pinn Purtles desirous ot purchasing suburban 1 ind are requested to Inspect theso allotments The qunllt) of tho still Is ox cillent, mid the situer) vlovvcel Unrifrom is extensive All particulars tun lie obtained, on application tu John Muekeiule, (¿ucen-streot. 462 O Nlw Al rivals, Murkit Gardeners, mid Otliiis - VUlngu or Hawthorne-lor Hill, liy prlmto contract, abtiut four acres of most valuable) (Junien Land, In n high «hilo of cultiiallon, and under irup, it Ith a four roomed Lottago, twn stall SUblo, und Pig gory, irecteel thoreon 'I ho above niimed proport) has bein laid nut with much care, regnrdlris or tost, anti Lontalns Hie follnivlng di sir!) tlon uf fruit tree« - am Vines, ono year old 407 Ditto, thru tu four do 362 sorted, tunnel)-, nprlcots, oraches, plums, ivoars, npplcs, almonds, tutu chorrlis In tho centra of tliu gardon is n si itilied well of water, 1* rcctdcop, with windlass, etc . uliuabeo houii, with bees '1 he said I roperty Is sltuntcd botwoon tho rcildoucci uf .Mm Mason, I sa , and - Walsh. Esq ; nnd nnuthor most deslrabla abject Its not being more than 200 yards from the rlvor Yarra '1 Hie, unexceptionable Apply to Mr. Knbalky, on Uio premisos_797 BY PRIVATE CONTRACT.-Tho Lenso of n Unod Hotel for Hulut pm-Uciibirs can bo obtained at the offlcci of LITTLE and CO., Auctioneers, 08, Queen. street,_8U3I7 RAUB Chiintio.-Freehold Property.-Fur Sulu by Prlvatu Contract.-That Comity Inn, nt Crcaiy, un tin Wandy Yallook, known as the Frenchman's, and allowed to be ouuof the hot «tarni« on the great Hue of traffic, to tho wostward, uni! distant 45 milos from flee long. A new liouio has boen lately erected, and tho .upplleifor winter laid In. Terms liberal. For parti- cular« apply to Meiari. Gibson mid Curio, Geelong | tho Proprietor on the premises t or to tin itiiilerilgiietl, THOMAS IIOItSBUltU, Agency Office, Mnrkot sqttaro, Goolong._I5*"1 C10ÏTACK at Prahran.-To Sell ol' Let, n n>ur J roometl Momo and Shop i Apply to Mr. Blundell, ?ollcltor, 3, lAinsdalo- strect, west, or Mr. YVoolor, near Illuo Bell Store, Prnhrnii. 1207 BUSINESS and l.iiaio of cxtoitalyo Promises to;i,o dlipoicd of, situate In tin mott iiujKirttitit nolgh [ horhood of Melbourne, In tho Provialou, Grocery, mid general Uno i a T years' lease, rent U per week, price £1200; itook may bo taken or not ata valuation) apply by letter to Commercial, office of Hill pa|ior. 12.14 WHERE «Jld you get that Coat I From Patterson, tailor and clothlor, Pentridge i it'i the belt Ot I ever bul, capital »luff, and remarkably cheap, Try him i " ile'» ali there." HU p Booms, htad, **. TO Boarding House, with fixtures, situated In La Trob» street, west, thcro ore at iircscnt several wcckl) Boarders, apply to Mr Bodgcrs, No 16, La Trobo street, west 112 FOB Sale, by private contract, tho House nnd Land situate at Uio corner or Brunswick and Gertrude streets, togother wlUi Uio valuablo furniture, etc , al prêtent In the occiipaHon of tho proprietor Tills pro pert) is admirabl) adapted fur a prívalo residence, or a family hotel on a large scale Tho premises are com pitto with ov ery cons eulcntc, nud tho lunilturo is of Uie modern st) le. Also, one or tho most valuable Building Sites in the city, having frontage« to I linders and King sti cots, and exactly opposite tho Queen s Wharf, at present in the iccupatlon or Mr Htooke, butcher Also, to let upon a building lease, 35 feet frontage ta Collins street, and 15 rcct frontabo to Stephen-street, for a pcrioel or ten ) cars from tho 1st Instant, and another frontnge of 22 feet to Collins street, and on tho rear of tills lot aro thrco substantial Cottagis l«or terms and particulars, apply to tho proprietor, C II EBDEN, Esq , Collingwood, or to Mr CHAHLLS LAING, \rihltcct, No JO, Swanston street 30th June, 1853_166 LEASE of a Store, commanding a corner situation In Quecn-strcct, for sail by private treaty. Bent moderato Period or lease, 1 ) car 10 months A bonus rcquiscd Tho option or taking the stock at a valuation Large out buildings, stablo and kltihcn A present rental of £7 per week for a purtlon Particulars from LITTLE A, CO, Auctioneers, 68, Queen strict_306 Al Windsor, several vilunbii Allotments to be sold rtisomble, npil) to BOWLLB á BBADY, 70, Queen street 251 BUILDING land for Sale-A valuable Building site lu tho cit), cqu ii to freehold, is now under oller or snlo b) tho undersigned, HOBLBf GOOD WIN, 30,1 linders lan , west_1429 HOLsL at Prahran - To Sell or Let, n four roomed House, nppl) to Mr Bliindill, solicitor, 3,1 ons dale stiei t, west, or Mr /ulirib, mar the brick lude pendent Chupil, Pr ihrin 1.06 HALF Al Ith Curncr Allotment, fronting tho S)dne) roitl, Biiinsulek, just the thing for a public buist, lir Salt, nppl) iminidlitcly to Mr George Lui Is, Medica! Hall, t ollius-strcct, cast 1G81 IIAIIKAN- lor s,ic, in JJ atn lots, rilli Lmil ?_ adapted fir ni irkct g-irdins, biunded by ttxo -hain rolils, ilisi tn ixitir, ixtll supplied with liilng and deni tlmbtr also sevcril small tarins uni hi) frontages I 11 All IMS, Brighton 1100 FOB -ile, tin St itlon knoixnos Pollock Dili, Grain plans, (outlining 111,000 atns, mid 10,000 Sheep, the iiuproieincntsiit Hie llomt Station consist of n com forlabli Cuttugc, guoel Garden, with detached users er s hut, Mithin, store, wool shed, strew press, shearers liuls, wjsh,potil, griss and lultlvation pul locks, two out st itlon huts, vi Ith hurdles, Ac Die shci p tun bo delivered now, in 'nil fluce, or aftir the) nru shorn Appl) to tho undersigned, at the station BOBEltr MUIHIILA1), Pollock Dale, Gram) Ians lstuf Jill), 1851 1801 HLWirr his fur bile the billowing building * allotments - In M illlngtou.Ci eil, lohnston, ltcill), and Bichmond streets, CulliiigitiXKi Fronting Hie Wellington parade and Simpson street, EastMilbutirno Au allotment,2G lu 70, on Mun hi s Hill, Bichmond, parti) rimed, and a bull ling 12 feet long, Intended for klti lion in i st ilile, i rectal thereon Sever ii choice nil. tments, within a few minutes walk or the Dituulcal Gardens anil tho Hiver, at South Yarra Two excellent business sites on Hie Gardiner s Crctk road Allotments from 30s to 40s per root In the village of Palsies, Prihran Choice iiilutiiients lu the township of V. iulsur, near St Kilda lu Dort is street, on the Tmera! i bill In JuTcott, Curad i, 1 rroll, Chetii) ntl, Howard, Car digin, Batluloiine, mid Mctori i streets, \ortli Mel buuruc Anlcuuntr) nil tments ns rollo« - ^ear the It ni luurst, St Kilda, quarter acre allut cuts Moorabbin (near Highton) 6 10, or 20 acre allot ments On tho Ganllners Crick,40 acres Al Hiivvthornt, II ains Buroond in, nil itments or 5 acres, and a scitlon cou lainlng 105 atrcs On Uio Merri ( cik, 1000 nens of fine cultivation lan 1, divided into firms fruin 20 tu 100 nircs cull On tin Dinm in 11 ntk, about 00 iiresorflntl) tim iicrei und well nntentl lui I The 11 ins nn) ht InspeLtcd nt Uio offlio or J III li. 11 I, r-7. Queen streit 1771 I It VM) Ul Collage- robe bold, with Immisli ia possession, a Cottage and Garden, in Wellington- street, Collingwood, containing four good rooms, kitchen and servant's room detached, two-stall stable,and a neat flower-garden in front. The verandah surround the building. Terms liberal.—John Mackenzie, Queen- street. GA GlLIU-ltl A t ti hive the uuelcniiLiitlnnisI .l'ro|Krtlis I i s- iii, it Hu ti tiutral Agent y Offlie; 100, Gre it Cullins stn t.easl - \- 1 lnrtv (tuon i.) illilintntsatBushflcl 1, a 1 j lining tilt \ II! ige i f Ken, P irish . f Boroondara Must eligible ns to di I in u from Melbourne, 1 teal nd suut-igcs.uul quillt! ifsoil 1 erins, liberal 2 «usen valu dill ill liuenls at North llwood, ilosc to the Be u li, dist mt mu mile from St Kilda 3 % alualileallot nt-nts lu M ilnr Dall hull s Paddock, within flftiiumlii des ti ilk of Melbourne 4 1 llhlbte'flinn stitims lu the Merribin 1 estate, sltuattsl il|,ht miles linn Mi llKiuriit, parniaiunt sup|l) of w iter, and . Vee Ile lit soil 5 I our choleo allotments it tin north westi ni lur nor of Mrs t lioinh) s P ublot k, Mount Lrlia Melhiiirne.Julv 6, lb.', I 2151 LAND at Brlhht in - I or s de, ino itrisof I and at Brighton to be sol I In on or tun I ta -A[ J 1> to DAL. CAMPBBLL and CO , ji, Cullins itreiU 1071 (Ht S ile, one Allntmi ni of I nu I, siliiits.il In the ililagi ofKnv, nilli 10 fut frnnt.it.itn Wannd strict, mid 154 fteteliep I i i irtl uliiis a| pi) t.. Mr. Cinnon, lutthir, martin Bed I lou Inn Iluittliortit, mar Biihmi ni! Bridge Jin. IT!Oit s ile, n f mr rn miisl t lïïg sTlth k11 b nu? ! tielKsli np|l) t i Mr Inhn M'll mil, F Ulm« Pul doik, Culllnhssous] J thi OlJsI s ror bile i \ltusan -Im -uih, six -dug? lion Hniisis ur2,4,iind I n unsci li, t impl(t( , npil) tu W J Alls Ci UM mi I CO, luntinds Chun lien jj m ABKLI SCJUVBI -lent >.tein ITmI with shop trout At , Ililli) VA BublliMili, 0, Murki t square, npite site C1 trend m Ililli 2JJ7 SÏÏlTlIAN II VL bulli -li n tu li suhl doini, n first rutu liusiucss, ii slu rl distance friiu tnxtn tor p-irtli nlars inquire if Mi \\\ eisttr, 1 iiltilir, l.r ut llnurki st re 11, e nt JO lu AW IHOBM -OniAllitmint I ir sale, u ar lb rcsleltiiic of II Crtsiikk, I sq , t mis III» i ii , "I'll): to Mr Vtk)iis, -soliulii, liiivxUi nut, ural Ins oilicc, 2t, fin it II mrkc stn et, i ist 21.« Merchandise. ítSENIC-The undersigned h.nojust landed eight casks of the ubovo. M'EWAN A HOUSTON, 22, Lonsdalo-stroet, west. ISnj NOTIII'.R lui|iorbitliiiii>rthvei'lehr.itiil t"ô7k It >Z Butter, nt 2s. per pound, tit Um store or I". He Carlo and Co., :i'.', Little Hoiirke.slreel. 2114 IIHIEmTriin still be iiipplM willi lirst-ratii Hum, nt 10s, C1. 1st gallon, ni Um store« of E. De Carlo and Co., 32, Little lioin ki-.tn-e-t._3115 It. HINSON, Stanley-»Irccl.Ciilllngiiuod, his Just landed «Ilk», French merinos, coburg», »linos Ii, and plain good«, which ure ollend at it slight wh.nice on London prices. 2110 IJ1IM. Y'ork Hums,on .»ile, nt the Imp. rt M m» H. . Williams and Si ns , il muí .,1-, Jlocirki stn I, w s! _ _-'"7 OMS, Brui, ami Millie-Ih unbi.lt.iid \K\,h large holdi rs.olli r Hie iibnie ut ni) resine il 11 ii s Il Y\Illinois and Sons Iiniorl Stores, .,1 ii I ti, Bourke streit, wist_¿Jin A HY YM/LDihiit Iron fi niiollng, iln i|ier Hi ni bruni piling, tho mil) h tin th inirk t, su li . Mik-l.eo Smith, mai thu lloiluslir l iisth, ( nilli, wood . I0j rilO limehill, I Hilliers, mid Mitihlnïsts - A I u I horse Dilling Puni r for silo, jrli £IO,np|l)nt Uni 11 ig n) p islti tin Ilothikler liislh I ilu-u, ('. Il ne wood_J HU ON »ah, ti! Hit SU res i r H t ocki r, 58, I lulo ( 11 lins street,SOcnsis ic,g«,i ich luntaiiiIngOOd fen lui) Olli, lbf I _J2H, ROUND ludían (t ru, lu I it,«, on balo á"t~uñ Iminit «tons! Il YY lill uns and Som, 31 and m, llourkc, slrtet, west .J74 171011 Sale, a I 11, ht, i , uppl) li Jitinta lrvlnt, ship " i ai |it nier. Sin Iridio_¿4.5 H OMI S minie loiufoi table, by the IlitriMluitli.ii of Vi llllnin II I lou lett and (o's ixcelliut lund turi, nhlih Is if llietir) beat workmanship N II - 58, Collins stuot, wist, opposite the iVulolim Chilli 2107 I IE Al Straw on sale, appl) to Robert lluldr), Uni til Hule! Morn, intranet, Hlnilci« I nu, we»t _ Jill rPO bo Sold, nur) old Scriptural ( lUhiillu Pnlutlng, 1 h) otto or tho old celtbr ititi painters, fruin the collortlon of I onl ( Inrindnn, late Gtnornor of I re bimi, appl) lo Mr J Shaw, Airnltuio rooms, N'o, 10, ( ullina street 2070 _ Scotch made Box and Tilt Carts i appl» to Mr Gibbie, 01, Queen «tieict, opposite litar s Sale i uni J077 I7bMl SALE, a first-rate Scotch.mndo Box ("arl, and , staimcli Draught Horse, with Hurtle»», togotbor or »eparnlo! apply lo Mr. Tnyinr, at Mr. Charle« Muyes', Hune)or, Biiiuswlck street, Collingwood. 2074 BLASTING Poivdir for Sale by W. Powell, Iron monger. 2152 c I.OTIIES Lima.-Flio tons for Sale by W. Poiiill, Ininmoiiger. _iI*_"L. LIVKltl'OOl, ('milli Soap, In 501b. boto«, on »nie nt tho Jni|Kirt Store«. II. WILLIAMS mid SONS, 31 nuil 36, Ilourke.street, west,_ 217,1 1JAMNU8! Pillings! Pillings!-On Hale, oin hUOO mrrow Launceston Paling«, hy T. II. TWISS ,t Co,, m i' dt or to Molars. II. aud J. Cooko'i Whsrl'.Mcl. bunn p._¡Kino BÏÏT blore fur Sale, woll.bullt, with n strong i oodi n frame, price £35, partloi wishing to enter i Into 1 mines« nu a emull capital, will find Ititi above oller them a flrit-rnte opportunity, on application tn WHITFIELD, BROTHERS, und Co., 8, Knstirn Market._2204 1,1011 Mule, a Tont and Stall In a good business allua. ' lion, a bargain i apply, Immediately, at the tent, oiqioilta IlicUWr Market, Urwit Uouikc-itrvcl, iait.No. »i. vm MercbajadUe. j EX SUPERIOR -Robert Findlay and Co have re ceived a large shipment of Drapery Goods, suit " oble for the present season, purchased In London, Man- du stir, and Glasgow, for cash and marked the lowest prlcis, in onler to ensuro asiieedy sale Ginee silks, sntln«, satinettes Shawls, mantles, dresses French mcrinocs, Cnburgs, Orleans Gnla plaids troon bal7e, oil cloths Bonnets, fine) head dresses, Ireiiih flowers Ribbons, arcoj innes, enpes, parasols Cotton ami woollen hosiery, of all descriptions Flannels, blankets, sheetings calicoes Boys an 1 mens cloth caps, ditto (M hats Gents bin k 1 rench satin h its, extra llf,ht Ho) s and m nts »» bite and regatta shirts, dressed Scotch liilllctl shirts, le ithcr leggings, Ac , .li N B - I ho abo» i must be ele ire 1 off iinmctliatcl), n order to m tki ro mt for othir shipiuiiitii Obsirvi -R011I 111 1INDLAY 4bCO , C9, Collins street, I ist No connexion with my other rat tblislimcut 1141 HOL! SAI 1 M YNCHI S1LU YVARLHOUSI , 10, bnanstnn-streit - lo drapers, haberdashers, storekeepers, an 1 the ti iii gcntrilly ilso, merchants sill | lying the diggings uro Informed, that an immense s*ock of eui) iltscriptlon of goods aro nnv lulling from I ondoii,shipped to Mr YVidc s own orders,anil now riid) for s do at n isomblo ratis Caí icos Y\ hite shirting I ong cloth Horrocks s, all numbers Lim nu 4 4 Irish Huon F routing limn I incn htickitiick 1 4, 7 8, and 1-4, diapers Nursery do 4 4 rough and dressed holland Pi Aiu», DittgäP», Ac Gili plaids f oburt,s I remit twills Circassian clutha Striped and tigured do do 1 remit twill, mil Circassian embroidered dresses Fmbosscd and imbil dresses Cloaklngs, Ac Mim-ifs i\n Boimits Silk, satin, trimm d c1 iib ltovil Y»!iidsor«ilk\cl\et, te Lillies M hit. bri lil bonnets Hiih col »ehct «ilk, sith! do , Ac Pi INT» 7 Snnl5-4 stn ill pittern prints Derrys mil t,inBliiiiis L.itui.» Um I ii ( I .mulei, Binv Lim-n, fcc Lillies night towns, »Iii s Night eil s Moreen an 1 corded skirts, rtid) for ure Iiitants h weis in litmhswool Cisluncre, iitin do etc ( ips, pi du mid tilmtncd Night ci| s and colins YY'orktd 1 ing and short frock.« 1 iiiIhI iloiks Basket«, flannel squares, with ever) article re quired lliintErncnirrs Silk and satin, in endless \arlit) II ITU Black li its Filt hats, nil qualities Children s trimmed hat« llosimv, Socxs, t»u Uluru Fi-aniei ° YY'omins white, black, nn I iiltitcd hose Du do Innis"no1 mil moioo Men s worsted, lambs« ni, nn 1 : icrlno Do J bo«c In cotton, worsted, mid menno Cblldr us sicksof ill kinds AtJYMISYY YD1 b, Yl inihcstir YY archouse, «won ston street 1144 I7UBI W001) - V )ar" quintil) or the nu. si, «I lit " and round, f ir Sub at the s ni Mills, near Prahran , apílelo O llirrls, ontlii! t,rouiil 1513 mo I'liisttrtis, Bulli rs, in I Dib i -M'Luan und J. Houston hilo fur «ule flftv bim Is of liomin Cement, wliith Hu v cm sill at a rcisnnililc price Ml WIN ail HOU>« ION, 2 Mums hie stieit, wist, lu04 I' AMP Oils -Sperm ind Blaik Oil, clirifitd, war J ranted uf superior quillt) M ("mull, \o 89, Kll7-ibcth stn,"., und Vu 1, Little Cullins strict 1317 WILL Worth Vttiiilton- Wardrobe, secretaire, two du sis drniirs, and six mirrors, ill m iho gaii),Siotili unie, iiidlieititlfiill) lliiisliel, t >bc s Id cheap, it Ai dtrsuii s Bussill md Littli Bourke struts ll.ll, St O ICH bo«, carts cart ubi tis, c irt axles saddler), sp iihs, shniils, Duiil ip Llieese, ant \\)rshlreoit me I, fir silt, iib le«ih, at Vlidirson s Gi iel al More, Buss 11 and I HU Bourke streets 1435 C"~ III VP niil'liuod-icu will si eininc) by i ur cliislng )nur niiittr i lotlnnr, hi slcr), bouts and shues, tiuckti), Ac, at Andersun s Gincril Stun, Bussell and I idle Bourki streets 1434 C^LA/ll It i Dlimuuds-1 lu uiule rslngcil have a few X k ml Di limul Is tn hind, nl'o well-ass irtcil slHknlirmn nul she t g1 iss, i mt), .te M'Lwannud II uistiti, J2,1 ins I ii stn t 1500 I' ABGL Hi uns - M Lu in ml Iluiislnu have just J lun ltd, t small assortment o'" Hearns, with scale I, ,11 uns mel iliutlli, i-siili] lett, to s»(.iç.h truiil 3 to lOcwt 15C5 VTc I OBI V UKI Ml Iti .-1 nuilllts can hi supi'ÏÏcd atthosbeto briller),¡ililli llrst quillty nie, ill asks, vin ing from 5 gallnns upwards Ordtrs cm be left at the ufllcc nr Hu lire» r),l ittlc Buurkc street, and at Herring and Minti) s olllec, In Collins street, west ,1111)4111,11-11 1149 H A it I'I, It-J ll.tll, I liter-I lu, undirsiimcd ar advised ol fnrthcoining supplies of tills celebrated Ale und Porter Ex l-rniicis Itlillei, to arrive 1 x John pink, do Kx Cuiupclltor, do Ex Sagittarius, do A1FX WILSON, M PHEW, * CO, Flinders street, lulv 1st, 1851_224 Ñ 's iii, it tTiT urti u ur the UndtrsLjiid JO ur 40 tents nr v irluus dest rii tiuns mid tlimtn iiitnsl ins. Also, a ipi mut) of camp furniture Mil) to J II WERE A CO Uth March Hil 50017 15ALL" Sherry-lou I usi s I'nlt blurry, b ititi d mid . slil| |nsl tllrect by Messrs Paul and Dastis, of Jare» do la Prout n C1I VltLLS 11MHUBY and CO, Hind rs lui ,nest D30 ON Silt i super ro) ii Coltitiibluu Printing Prtis, cj llml r, Ink table, etc, loiuplctc ALEX MILSON, M'Plll.W, A CO, 1 lludirs street, rJul) 1st, 1851 2J8 ON bile, ex Hizilu th, bi -imvc -Primo cognai, 1844 i Int ige, Im m du eases AI h X W11 »ON, NLPHLW, 4 CO I lind rs stritt, Jul) 1st, if.',J J31 ON «sill, ex -s» in), to arrive-100 cists I ali brand) C-imptall s Lau di Col gne AllN. MILS0N,M,P11EW,4 CO I.Inters strut lui) 1st, 1853 .3.1 ON «ule.cx Mar), ti arrive-lo libds , 10 qr cask« |srt ii du 10 do j ile sherry 40 ir '» turks ..LIX WILSON, NEPHEW,* CO Hilliers strut, lulv 1st, 185J_23J ON Sah, ex John Pink, to arris i-Dilalno ¡dresses ) mpress tirmudi s Gull se ill s un I wilglll« ItiHits and iii us Childi us ii,thing (li iitlimi n s stipi rlnr paletots, coats, Ac. Bar i s an I ri/or striijs Pintab! Ir »slug i isis Pin and p, kit knlu« Ivor) handle I Üble cutlery Silver and (.old |k neil casts lort)lst sluII coulls l'a| 1er nullité bos,s Huir, i loth, hut, mid llesh brushes ( hess, drifts, mid irlbl-ifcc boards I nu) turner) Mattrtssi s anil pill tis ALIX W11 SON, NPPHEW, .1 CO I lill len, strut, .lui) I_J10 01 I LI 1 S Put Minis -Vrrugiments has o bien iiiu.le fu ne.nl ir «lil| ni, ts nr tin so iilibiutcd Wims, direct fr in ()|sirtu tu tin mi I rslgiitd 100 hoL,shiuds, and lou .limit, r i uki Are liput ( li) un i iris visit] VI.1A WILSON, NLPIILW, A CO Hinders streit, lulv ist 2.1 qti intily or in th) .'nil) drain rs, «topi» red bottles, obitiii.ol i» tis, m utiirs, lii.ns.ur s, mid the usual sun drh s riqulred lu Utting up Also, nn ni,« rinn nt ot 1 late gins» cusís, siiltnbli fur loutit) rs or null A|i I) toll kll>«.ION,cnliluilmakirind»bnpflttir, li ni Um Star uni (Inrttr, llliliimiHd_¿177 J" RON llnisUuiK I .Hiking Glasse sa, I nilli t il n, Al - Hu uulirslgm-il lining Jual bimbil a lurg! ii nslgiimetit of Huso articles, um offer Ullin to thu piiblh it uri miller itc | iii s {thiitriulu sti| plied ILA S. f.llllis, uipcslt! Hu Adnu and lie, Little lollii s strut, oust ¿iii St YU In »liu|i -("orroslti iiiblliiinte, urioulc, knosuti lo he had utthe Dispens ny, YVIIllams to» n_¿407 QUALI1Y Hu l(«t or ( lunpiiess -Junis and lb nu is, lons I ib strut, i ist, st-nul itiirlinlli 1 nu Ihn billilly of their »entine,«, il n skills r»r tiding Iroumr», uni sii|irflui llitlis, «| li util I buttons for lists ¿d4 J rTÏO( i nh Billilli r> nu I (Hin rs-I J 1 llly.iifthe iTrit I i f 111 other«, i nilli billilli r«, t nrr s lum, lllrmliig liiim, hi gs lo Iniiirin niai li bull br« mid otlitrs, that be Is oiilli.cvool li living Air I i>k1 nul, birdie purpose of ixi cutliig some Inrgii orders, nnd Unit lie will bo most tuipp) to imiku iHiiiiinsis or ivtrytlilng ni|iilslli for su| pl)lni; the trailo lu gi ni nil, »1/ -t null linnmnii. ger) or uni) di»iil|linn,n\lts, springs, bolts, airtns, lu«, tink«, nilli«, and files, iiirrhigo Ironwork, Al, ¡iiirlngo lum] «s, linns mid sllvir filrnltiin, i ¡cetro plutcil, Ac, cloth lim und trimming«, lloor-ilolh, ,tc , mu! Initiier of all kinds | minn, oils, paints, »iirnlshes, Jn|uiin, white lind, .ti t und llkiwlsu mr ringi s or every dist rl| ti ut, willi all modi ni liiipriiiiiinuts, forwarded i rout lu a, oimilhiises, em », nibs, gig», dog tarts, phutoua, blink», Ac , to suit the colon», all of Um beat millerin!« und hist itiiiktniiuslilp, und lit th» lowest prlcia N II -Au) uni ti« »III ho m i tited willi Ibu strletut lilli ntlon, ror nish, willi all dispatch . Hero of W ¿041) IAN«, Wllll'i:, A CO, Brokers, Victoria Com i me nial Uuuiibire, I Under».lane, west, have on ¡tit 1200 lilisln la iiinlni 500 barrels Indlnn mini SOO bushell pilme feed oats 400 linio» loiiiisulte landln Eleme titra. In qr, ilrtinil »linei.tel r.tUltn, lu buses, liaivM, ami qn. Dried ng.jilii, in Lnrril» and half barrel» Butti r cracker«, lu 20 lb, tina Havana cigar« COB birre h Hour Baleratui, for « wee Utting lOttT flimr Unl, lu ill Ib, Hi*. aw« MerotaaadeUe. CLOTHING, Clothing-Packed in small trunks, convenient for transportation, and w ill bo sold in ots to suit purclii-ers Wills, Holden, anil Co, 10, Flinders lane, west 847 LATHES, Lathes, Lillies- Wood and iron turners lathes, also, alaric quintity of window glass uu sale, nt Chindlcrs furniture Sture,51, Little Bourko street, thrco doors from Swnuston street 1087 rilO Dripcrs Slopsollors, Storekeepers, and Others A Hurt, Brothers, wiircliousemcii, nnd Importers ol every description ol British nnd I oreign merchandise, 11, Collins street, west, beg to apprise merclttilits, do tiers, storekeeper», Ac , 4c , that Uu ii extensile now rtorcs being now completed, they aro prepared to odor, cither by invoice or lu p irccls, to suit thu tr ide, a largo qu Hitit) ur suit goods, of cvci) description, mid ns the) ure in receipt ol shipments by nc-irl) every arrival from I ngliuid, Unir stock will bo lonstantl) re plenislied The) have also in hand invoices of I! Kits mel shoes Jeivellu) md watihcs 11 ii du iro Oilmen s stores Brandy, toll mo, &c; , io iliivkersiindiouiitr) storekeeper« supplied MilUiimc, Juno nth, 1853 53551 ON Sulc, a lirgo nssortnunt of Perfumery - Soips, estrncts, oils, pomatums, artificiil ilowcrs, purses, hntei s, sirips, belts, Jewellery and combs, at Messieurs Bouillit une! Jourilaiis Importers, 8G, King street, Milli nirne_813 ON Sale, b) the tin let-signed, at their new stores, No 15, I linbah stud, south, the f«Bowing goods, now hiding, e\ Ino Anthin)s, Ajax, Prtsl dent Verkoutciiu, W icoust i, I rinci lithur, and uther late arrivals tOO kegs patent nails 15 hhds bolbin in 20 do till in I ia|iun goods 100 do/ 1 ustir s spadis 50 do/ sh ivels 0 tusks picks 10 cisks lilting axe« (1 weighing machines 1 casks Salter s bal ince« and steel) ard» G packages plated goods lion sites 6 pack igis i nth r), assorted 6 casts died boxts nnd cash boxes 1 eise brass riunill) 100 lioxcs Un plates J00 birron ithecls J00 camp oiens nnd lovers 6 tons sish iielfcbts 300 bar Heights 1 ton cart boxes 1 case planes 1 paik-igis housi bellows 3 do tait traces and bullock challis 3 c tses s ins, assorted And n general assortmint of other Iron monger), ordered expressly fur this muikct Also, 10 tierces well assorted drugs 1 eise watches Pianos, Ac 839_MITCHPLL & HONNEAU RX BAB I. ND W1LI.LM, Ironi London Girt bitts Boiler buckles Dog chain Witering chains Patent collar« Hum m I d ii d> brashes Best hugsklii saddles, colonial shapo Spurt Hean hunliiigwhips Hem i balli rs, .lo Ac SYDNFY I VMLts, M holes ile Saddler and Sa Idlers Ironmonger, luce at Mason and Smith a, 1 Hilliers ttriet. 807 E: TO Amaten»!, Ale hanlis, Ai-I or sih, olio o lenns llrst c1 i«s I ithis, corni h ti In euri r »peet,lining ill Hu new Iniproicmints for turning in metal, ivor), mt wood, with clittiks, ilrmlir san«,and tille tor sime, mr) lanit» or cni.rn»ing, griiidlug, m 1 nni|«hine> nppinlit« liesl les n lirco i«si rttncnt or tools it 1 otho- useful nrtlibs, whiiii coull not hut provea lucratiie investment tu nu eieier irtlsin N 11- rherols nls> 11 iblnet nell stocked with Im», l»or), und ibón), lo be s ild willi the I tthe Prlie niodi rate Appl» to BOYY'l LU A BR VDY, 70, Queen street 9f5 rilO Vssi)crs in 1 Yllmril i"i U - 1 nrsilc, i » du iliTi JL mall it,in» e ii diet, containing s] irit limps, re tirts.with ill other neies ar) chemical ipparitus, und cur) known tist \l«o. An ossa) ing apparat is on the nowc«l i rincii li, And A sin ill still, quite perle t Yppl) to HOW I LU A HU YDY", 70, Queen street 31.0 I7M11I M liol) ililinr, I lu ( ollingno »1, it I'«, und . lu YIillHiurue, east, at ',0s |icr I ) id, appl) I > Mr 11» lor, b ick of Mr M i) es, sur» i > or, Bruns« Ick street, C< Hine.\i.*sl 814 N bih, it Ykbir-r7l>i\\.csLnfclishdair) chics« 100 boin I mil» clueso 15 ilrimis I nhllsh hake 2 hluls bacon »itlcs 1 hilf di do 15 birr Is di led ill les 400 bushels o its 300 1 irnls superfino fluir, warranted sweet 200 h iTts nihimntitlne candles 100 birre!« | ibu Ircatl 60 Hi s stij. ir crackers 50 do gingir ilo 50 do natir do 5 bales «.«moking duck 3 do light cotton raiens duck 1 do ina») do 1 do 7 tltreid cotton twine C2 do ible i itu fcS do * CO single do 4 cottage bedsteads 2 pi'cntd ) 1 HOY! AS G YRDNER A ( O , 1023 31, Hinders lane, west. O c st 0b0 B OlILINl, \Yiis: it Walker, Miln, md Co s, 97 1 llu 1er» street Sodi forks Pint( nrks Quirt ( orks At YY M.hl It, Y1AIN, A CO s 17, Miniers street »on! 1 r Hu »1 Italic sen! OH At YV U.kl 11, M YIN, A CO s, 97, ninilcrs street mm CO VIS1 (.uls' (oils -1 ir Silt, di list ruble im incliatcly In Hi Bay, 400 lons best Ntnoastlo toals Apply to THOM», s ANDRLW, 41, Market square 1175 17*11)11 sa« 1.0 fiet front ige, liest Selected portion 1 Daliel) s Piddock, St Mida KAIL ami lllin II YU 1,41, Bourke street, west Jth_)uh_,_lrt51__2013 C~l)l iTfil to I e S il 1,1 nglish built, ne itherboird, containing thru rooms, »lz , sitting r »m, 11x10, bed rooms, 11 x H, with partition«, Ac, c.pletc Purtles eau have It erected on the ground, with »nnl nml rit^lil ol wa), anl with title guaranteed, or like tho iiousu in ). A moi i. mi letc or a cheaper hou«i is not In thu i ii ny, mil must be sold by the iiwnir full) to Hi nilinntais of tho porchiser Appl) to M II. IIICKLi, Auctloitcr, oipislte ttw Aigui 1020 Il IORI Y Pindi «.team Snv Mills -Smith und bteii irt rrsptctlull) lulim iii to th li ilhlirs, i ir pi liters, muí ti uli lu general, th it Un y hm started their s in mills fur the nilling of tlinb r of nil kind« usi fril In the colon), au I nu) person win ma) fm Minni with their ord rs, shnll line- their utmost attention Oji|«islln Wi lillipilli! stnit, ( olllligmi I_Ul NEW Hoot und -sli hi H uri lions , nu I (loner ii Out Utting I si ililUlnneiit - Iliomis Yl'l arl ino h gs li nu tolm inn th Inh ibllunts uf Yltllsiurm an ! s t rounding dlstrhtx, tint he li is o| oneil tint shop it li i m ncr ol I 11/ iln Hi in 1 I Ittlu 1 a I robe «tri cts, In tin aboli business, nul In hopes, b) punt tnnllti nml strict utteiitiuu to I usine ss, ti nu rlt u shire ni public |ilrnn nge Onlus from thu e niiitri mid Hu digging nttciidiu to with d «| itch 1HOMYS M'lAULANI, 211 I 11/ iln th stn t CID»-'. '? cr Sib, it the Sims of tho tiuilirslfci ti' - M uti II« bi ml), In wood Di pilu do rim I nn iii i rum Do II P di Si ileh mil lilsh whiskey Port an I sh rry willis, in qr cisks an! hlnls Du du d>, In 1 dizou in» s 111 inly in instt Gin In do, 4 gillon« Old I oin do , ¿ and I gallnn« Until, ii nh and porter, In 4 doz iluka ( hint, ih impugn., and lu ck O A T HARKER, ( omi r of I'll/ ibi th mut I unsdilo streets. 1.1 O It SAI. Il, by tim undersigned, - ? Wninoi-'s pitcnt slv-chambcr nveilier rlllos Patent n volver plstuli I'utiiit in ingles Ann i h tin tubs Canviiss Patent nails of all cljrs SOuM_». A n, GIlEGOnV Willi". l"i".NCIN(!.-r,ir Silu hy titi, undtislkiied, 14,000 ynidsgilttinl/id linn wlm Auilng, ililli Iruti stiiiiilirds. S. A it. Gill'.GultV, 20, I ulllns «trift. wist. 5J8J7 LI. Machinery.-Driving Ururfur twelve pairs ol M1 ON Sale, Ex Competitor, to arrive,-Hnrege din Victoria iiursti'd inala llorse-shoes Bl.inkcts, H by 4, tn 13 by 4, common medium, mut supers linrio blanket!, 7 by 4, to 0 by 4, brown plttld, flinn, mid «trlpul Iron bedsteads, uuiplo, blue, ihocolutc, bamlioo mut cane, tiisot ted site« Bullock (bain« Prying linns lind gridiron« Pirn-Irons, IkiIIs, shiple«, und lim ps Ironmongery, well iissurlid Tiiblu eutlory 11, P. «poon», fork», Ac. Hhot, pouohes, hi'ltl, anil (Inski Shoot rlne, Nus. HI to 13 Wliltbriud'« iHirter Da. XX ale Hums Deals, cut mid uncut ALEX. WILSON, NEP1IUW, A d' Filmier« «tient, July 1st, 181)3. Ml rilo Miniatura Portrait Pointers.-Partiel In the al nbuve profession aie requested to call t,l the onie» of Messrs. HOWLEIt A IIBADY, lei Insptit a .»uiiv cílluctloii of Ivories, and gilt frame«. 70, .Jueeu-i'i < I. ken ITIOII Salo, Throe, very strong Bcotoli-liulH Box Cart« I 1 apply lu BKOADr'OOT, HONAB, 4 CO., Flin diiK-lane._3_ Hli'BltKAD'S Alu unil Porter.-On Hule by th« undersigned t w uu nu. a a me, ex wui-nisatT To bo fiillowcd by shipment« ex John Tink, Francli Ridley, Comtiotltor, Sagottarlu», _ . ALEX. WILSON, HKIHiBW, A 00. fllin!«riiiUcH, m July. *. _«stt>rclianaiaj4>._ DEItllYSIIIBB HOUSE, Heldelberg-road, jan bt -low the Collingwood Hotel, Collingwood -Im llooth begstoncqi lint the Inhabitants or Colllngmm! Hiihmnntl, ami surrounding neighborhood, that ti,', abo» o establishment will bo opened on Saturd ly mai ¿1st Mnv H In ulalling Ibis announccinent, the Proprietor hanj) wish to pntieiilarisi any nttleles ut quoto theprlcn theieof, but to assure the publia Hint oury article li Hu gcncnil dril» r\, silk mercery, hosiery, lace, and bulnliliishc-rj dei ululent«, will be kept lu almost mill lllltlll »inlet) iln »iat buts }iiémises, ns aboiu described, ami tin monlh!) al IpmcntH from Hie 1 tunion Paris, Glaieow in 1 »I lull st i mirkits, lilli inuhl lum at all limn to sell ut i ino'cintc idiiimcon home prices Carpet», einigtet« II mr i loths, lieui th nigs, diiraVkj nnilciir» othur urtieli riquisiti to lurnlsh a risidenir Hu ungi.t Onl) mi prill »ill! bl isk'-d, all goods marked li pi tin llguns, no iib denicul in ide and nu ireilit dun Collingwood, Hitit Yl i), 1853 Ht nu i so Tin bunr ii LiirAiihTiUTinir Ince ! Hi Dnper, respcitlull) Intimait« to ik. puullo ol Mel miine mid its vicinity, Umt In cunte quelite ui th dil ii id iteil slate of tho above premises lie has di lirin'neil tu nhill! 1 tlu.ni, un I for Uti« pimwj the ship Hill li ilosul on 1 hursday nt vt, Uio 19tli In« and rcuniii 11 -s d nbuut Ulric wilks ' Ali orde s from Hil Bush nnd the Diggings alni* ait I J tu, ns usual, fruin Uu Cullingwoud istalilu, mint Melbourne, Ma) It til, 1853 jj»¡» EA&I; i' ll»iiiinw Dmptiy Istilillsliinent, huí» tundí. .1 b) Mr Lhurlu More) - Ilenrv luisli) n»ii tfull) liitoims Un inhabitants of Cg[ llngwunel, Bli un nul, Millioiirnc, 4c , that ho haï takes the ahn f t i itcliusnuss premises, feirmirl) oemnisi bv Mi C Man), nul liupes, liy persevcnuitc,chilli; und person il ntteiiliuii, tu sicuu mid e vtend Un airca/.' lnrgi iniini ellon it will h. II 1 s constant aim, ly a most careful solution of list il iss guild«, new iiisl)lc anlofip. provtsj m nu I it lure, tu rinder Hu Lus' MillsjtinK Draj n Psl ii ltshiniut seiond to none lu Victoria. A. lnrgi supply ol inburgs, guli pi lids, llnnkcts, nn blcuehcd tullios, hosier), and w lut r goods generally, atiti) I ti p ice. b|« c1 ti ¿nodslui i,iilil diggers roe Hie publlu will pic esc note tint only one prk, will be milde,ami as all «His ire lure ish,the) ina) nit on gonds being suld at the lutitst rt iiiuuiratlng(ruit 1 lust Melbourne Dripir) 1 st ibllshuiint, Llrunswlrk streit, Coilingiiuud, iip|iosltc tin Wesle)an Unrsl. 1)1 \NO1 UHU , n fine toned clc¡ mt rosewoodü| I ige, CJ octnes, mido with extri bracing «r niutid to stand in lune in uni climate, priée 11 guineas Y\ 111 in Colt i"e, Hi uns» ick street lol) 1 71011 » 1 , Mule Hull eks, 400 lilli! rsl 'ten . Hiillocks lor inrtluilus nilly lo John JLc kellar, Port Phillip ( lu!) Hot I_16,1 TI IO Pirtiis I mulshing, Heiler«, At- hi'mle i I X 4U1V rl rtcik n ud i imp eli ills and tablei Cunp mt«, c mi iss mi 1 latt in 'ii ik wood iltcsts o! drawers', On sill it Ion pro i«, at tin Von« of W lilli MILL A CO Ylirkel s limn Uli IN OH 1 «. nt Boots nu I Shoes, it »cr) lor] rim lo close coiisirmueiit<, appl) I> Messrs it Hu Mill, Ato, M irket sipi ire Illa Tito Ynlillcits, lliilhh r«, A - tit iiiiolce ofitrj X stt[Hri /i te ii. irooil iloor li unes, sills,antidoeiit,iJ painted and Lumpleti, idmlrtbl) 111| led, from IbtL alretiL,th and duribllit), Inr «tores al i, in hivoinit leiictiiuis, wiiiln» audits, Ac , ) iinlnl ni 1 rea I) ft>t erection, on s iii ut moderato prices, to cloie coailp mellis Vi II VMMII I A. (J, M irkit vpiire lui FU li »ale, i sli ni, turn! 1er liri), and ,i>s]kI«' Dri) II muss iimil lu, ils n I «r wheel «prim Yin,np|l» to II limden, Hnpi llrewe -y, Churcb street, Itlchmoi _r« ILL ?stones -Seicnil |«iirs or ( iirco-ani lim Mi ne« built to order, and others, on "die Jil sou and knight_lill Dill »SINO Yliiihluis - Ino of Smllhi Fsteti I lour Dressing 1 usines on Sale Allson ml Knight '?'.? ON bule, t\ lniucls lildlt), to arrive, l)t¡¿v drisses Boots mu) shoes, I oiithou s 7 4 crepe ro) ils Cigars, prlintri, soMuitln rt|,a]lsi D iwson A Sou s linois und sliues Loliduu mudu ilut les Orlandu Juins s rice star, ii llalis pill nt sperm tamiles Guld and siltii watches Bin t-i lfet I onnoii te i Mnttmssis mid pillows -j iibllcr) Inm btilsttiuls Al 1 \ MILSON, NLPIItWAtü I llndtrs street, Jul) 1st, lbr! sa C~ UT U> Hours-Doors, Panel«, (I iifeilsh) Llt¿ I still. Vi 1 les mid Ouluus, iipiuiititi, anelcfn cellcn. ¡uallts, rmm V I) I i I ut Nu 1, Weiten Manet ne ir lastoin House, Geo Wo ninan! Do 7\X Sundry Shim, mi ;s.ilel) tho untleraiçiihl - J Marti 11 su pint, lu hlmN Uros b- nul), hillls and qr cj»ki Kum, In hli Is Ptmtrmi rum, hi hh li HroHillili n 1 uihIuii Ol I lui, Inqr ««li Superior port wini, lu lihds und qr caiki line i ilo vin rrj, do it) Pak brawl), 1 »lor casis I) u kilo lo Geneva, in hull* cms I'alo niul 5tunili.nl slit rr>, In 1 iloz mr* ( am pix li town Vihl&kt;), ni tasei Sauttrnu ami l1.it t Cuni can ile Ilolh.mU Nojtainlt laMortlm*iue Marasqulua du /ira 1 obacco ltazors I-dpi tools (Ward anil J'ij iu *) Sheep »ht ira, ne) tint-, siikki» Rea|ilnj; hooks, ( ¡>i lit «van» Un ni t» hops, &c; , «Vt I legaiit th iH4.nl silver ra in j; rupandceur Alltn ami Soil) slioskr) Assorted to) s iiiilflhuris t nunn i) rillet, and ilnu^i-its phUli fahlrts, fr< nts, trousers, usts, Ac. Dicinn paner ÍiihkIiik* IMuili awl velvet inaiitlcs Cotton velvet bonnets. Account a lui coj y book*« Lvvlnuk h mils lilack um) colored L,rn«. nnd satin« Vclvtt plush ami Moira antique vctli (>I>tlLil instruments I'urasols bil) crlor I omlon ma le clothing Albert tlis.tnv its, Ac Lynd on s patent gravel shovels Unir hiuslus and combs Shots and boots Twttd coats mid troustis Scott h vu.rst-ilhoskr) C tshuurcs, nlp.icas,i rluts, robes Llo-vkln^s Klin« Is, inn 111 r» Ac , Ac AMA W11 SON, NLI'lIMt * CO I limiers streit, 1st lui) 3* COBB S MarMiti Ale -Hu nul rsliucdl hi«»* us of rortlit omine, »ii| | lies of lids beautiful All 1 x John Pink tu arrlie Ix I run is ltidlc) do and Ex Comiietlli r do Al IA V» II.bON, M 1MH.W, * «I Flinders street, Ist Jul)_»_ I.IOIt SALI, 40011 Hushils Indian (.ruiiJ.t.QIU.welrl 1 lier buslit 1 1 hi In st fond fi r h rai « that II I» diicol. Can hi bul in Milburnie, Colling»»«".« Llanlctslliiiili ( DARLI S 11 Hill it CO 71), rlliuhtth stnet,jlul) I, If I_¡_ ("lOYIMl IICI YL Auction M irt Hann and the» J I aigoqu nilli) if ham« nu I biran on I»!«,« pi) CHOOK A 10WLl.lt, Auilloiiur», mid louai »ion A.ints, 13, Yilllliin streit, Mirkit squM» 30 Mom Fnglnt ftir «nie I linrst imwcr, nillup <*» |1 li , nul) t HOOK A I OWL' II auction««, w ( iiiinlsslon Agent«, 11, YMIIInm stnit,Murkit-W«"l \Lo lo Aires of I mid at Lui bruin *> I Hie Utideisigned hive mtereil hilo Partnenblftii auilloncor«, nu ICi mnilsslnii an I (li nernl Lsnl Arn* i luir Kooins will lie (qieti In a ftwds)«, whneWI ntttntlnu «hall lo iwld to gissl» t ntrusted to twa ( HOOK A 10W11 It, Coiniuinijl \uctlon Mart,« Willi im strict, Murki! «ipmri | A largo > uni for lho »tor ige t Cole til»! pom] timber, Ac _WJ I! I US1 R Y11 I) W orks -1 or »ale, Hinton* !<«" ftillv lllnstnilwl Bithry nul I> [«¡.raihy eft* Untied Statis, '«ni« Also, Robinson « Rural Mt» tcitiiro, willi hlghl) fliililul <1».|l,iis, ernainentj!«"i substantial bulldliu,!, 1 »ti , upil) to MOiUM»" BRADY, 70, Quci ii sin et _f2 AMI.IIK IN siinboim Cooking Stove«, «Ifm em klug ulensll» uni |l|lm,, toiii|litc, ut "'i I Hided, ni dn ii) fn sill, at 0 Bund A U h*HJ*\ squan, YVIIII ttu-sln 11 "ITYN lill Ml N ii \ND Proiluu -On Sall l|><»'j Pilme Y I) I fine flotii, Sn||l) Slilll,l«*ij 100, mi 1 50 lbs lings 5000 bushels spit ti Hil lad nats ¿000 do brun I ngllbh nml ( n| buril» 11) limul le | n «si ii otten lit) Broad piling, 5 mid 0 fut lein Ib« 4 l tonkin ,, . Also, now I sliding- , .... 100 itises ill lunn, . gull ii» mell, In or out Of Wj 5(1 bli Is W I rum lum tsksl Ulul iib ni Ipirtu 50,0011 No 2 Munda cigar» . .... I llOS II. YVH I lAMrl, II, Market so.""« "IL rillll. iiiiitcrslKiiid liiivu ri i lived, ix »?.».».f»1 ¿Ö 1 M'NiiukIiIiii, ii hwi Mi'Tlllp',»ÄnKrt uiiislslliii! nf sill irllno lilmk mi 1 cul ir« c "."«. »«j nvirsllilo inn) iltilti lu mr«, vtllni)», nlltti.WK«»J inlniid ii nsklii», finn) vestlni,', Irlinuilim«..»¿"rf the) uri iirui.tir.tl lu «ill lu Uto triulo »t WJ*1» prlii» WAU Milli., hM ullin« sired, «"jig WINIIOW llluss-llie sulisirll.il. hw¡JJ** Iiliasttru lu iiiuitiiuiilnç Unit tiny H« ^"¿ polntiil li) Mossr« tliiinu, llrutlnr» «»' "-J.'aU. iilnuliiiin, ns UKOiils fur Uto «tili if?'«''«Kfö Wlniliiw lilli»« Iii Uieliilnii) "f ?'»-''''.».»ÄS llrst «liliunonts limo arrived li) Uio lwoAnllu»Pi,-| ^ïhey aro nlsmulvl.«! «.» ftirllur rfiIl»tiit«fI»W uiuto kIuss fur s'lUl' iruuts . . -,oht Hninnlo«ol Hi i ir uti«!Uierl|itloii« of RlaM »?».»» turo" ) »io Mi «rs t liiuieu. it til ili-l«'»^ Ä il Î. iilu»« luiiliiB «rrlvid li) Uio AJa»i «. T ¡Srllurs »111 bo propiind ti» «'V"i*iTl*7iuS¡S iliiorl|illtiiinf«i)utls In Hie triuli, hilntcd by IHW»" To "Zi" lu.... ...nuiiitilcil Ml«. Iht *.?$ I« titedleu lo do moro tlmn narnu rimiicva .¡¡.H'(I muy I» iiuosstir) to «tute, lur utiuoml '"JSiK) Uil« Um «uliseilliors um «lu without fiar of wuUW»»" Unit Uie quallt) uf Chiiiius' Bliuiliiiipen«^ oilier nun! throiuihout the »Ido viirlil, »»"¡L" ctitiitinier, wnrlh J«, lier cent moro llun aiy »>?£, (sunsenuenco ul ltsoxiollonttiin|irnnd l«Ma1f«i.1S »nuire« It« traiisiiilssliin to thue ctilonlr« I» M¡¡ tnoaiuro fren fnin Unit minmi« lirinkiige willen rw"* I ho liai« triulo tu ii more lutlor) . ... u ¿.i Aooiistnut «umil) ot tho vnrlnm «I»»«, »»¡.K.Sl rraeUeuhle, be nlwa) > kept nu Ininti, H, ê .». VVJ¡ itlDUK, T«, Ultultrs-laue, «mit. *" i 