AB G US OJ3JJ10ÍÍ, GiäKLONG AN OFFICE FOR THE "ARG US" Has been opened in Malop-street, Weet, GEELONG. ALL Letters and Communications for tht Paper, Advertisements, Orders for Job Printing, «o., roi» part'Vs in Geelong and the neighborhood, may be forwarded to that Office, and will meet with tho promptest attention. HORSE BAZAAR, Great Ryrie-street, "West Geelong. Daily Sales of Stock, by Auction. O'FARRELL AND SON Bjg to inform their numerous friends and con stituents, that they will, from this date HOLD Sales hy Auction Daily, at the Horse Bazaar, of Horses, Quiet Cattle, Ca»t8, Gigs, Carriages, Sec, Commencing each Day At Twelve o'clock, And that, at their Sale Yards, Ashby, ad- joining the Harp Inn, They will also hold Sales of Fat Cattle, Sheep, and all unbroken Stock, On any Day of the week when required. The Charges are made to the Vendor, (none t J the Purchaser), and are as follows, viz. : An Entrance Fee of two shillings per head for «mall lots of horses, bullocks, and cows, (but arge lota are exempt irom this charge), and commission at the rate of fivo per cent, on the amount sales. At the Livery Stables in connexion with t'ne Bazaar, Herses for Sale will reçoive the g "eat est care and attention, and, if sold, a con s'derable reduction will bo made on the usual .harge for koop A secure and well watered Grass Paddock tua been provided for the reception of Cattle and ^unbroken horses waiting a fixed day of »ale.' Whilst informing our friends and consti- tuents of having increased our days of sale Íwhich, previous to the present time, were teld only on five days of the week), and the other arrangements above- mentioned, we would beg to offer to thtm our sincere thanks tor the liberal support wo have received as Stock Agents for the last eight years. The general knowledge entartainod by the pabilo of our establishment, and the long ex- perience they have had of our qualifications as Stock Agents and Auctioneers (a branch of business to which we have dovoted the greater part of our time and attention) renders any com- ment for the recommendation of either, quite unnecessary. But wo would request the attention of Stockholders to these arrangements Ost made, in connection with our establish- ment, and which, wo considei, will be pro- ductive of great benefit to them, in Baving much of the expense and delay consequent upon want of immediate accommodation for Block when brought for sale, whilst we can always ensure the highest market price, which tile quantity of Stock weekly entrusted to our -care for disposal, and the manner in which ear sales are attended, in proportion to others, will testify. Horse Bazaar, 47148 March 19th, 1853. MAIL CONVEYANCE. ROBERT SCALES, of Geelong, having become the Contractor for the line from Colac, through Geelong, to Buninyong and Barn Bank, is reedy to take passengers and pvroels at the times appointed. ITAKKS. £ B. d. Geelong to Colac. 3 0 0 " " Buninyong ... 8 0 0 " " Burn Bank ... 4 10 0 " "Balaarat ... 3 10 0 Parcels 2e. 6d. each lib. weight or under, Is. extra for every Jib. Agents-Mr. Wade, Geelong; Mr. --, Colac; and Mr. Akehurst, Buninyong. 4714G MB. GEORGE SHUTTLEWORTH, late of Walworth, London, who arrived at Mel- bourne per ship Hyderabad, will oblige the un- dersigned by forwarding immediately the parcel of letters, Seo., recoivod by him from Mr. John Garratt, to the fallowing address:-John M. Garratt, Moorabool-Btreet, Geelong. 42420 JAMES MOHOLSON, Grccer, Wine and Spirit Merchant, begs leave to inform his friends and the public in general, that owing to his had state of health, he is obliged to retiie from the bus'ness, GH, Elizabeth-rtieet, Mel- bourne, and begs to state that ho has com- menced business in Geelong, under the furn of J." and J. Nicholson, cerner of Moorabool and Ryrio-streots. J. N. roturnB his most aincero thankB for past favors. 47795 GEELONG. Queen's Head Hotel, Ryrio-streot, weat. VISITORS to Geelong will find a good table and excellent beds, with every attention to their comfort, on reasonable terms. 41924 STAG Se HOUNDS, MOOUABOOL STREET, GEELONG. ' k iHE undersigned, in retiring from the ma JL nagement of the above old- established honso, is desirous of returning thanks to the publio for the extensive patronage which ho has enjoyed, and of recommending his successor, Mr. Lamont, who, he feels confident, will do all in his power to merit a continuance of pub- lio favor. N. B. All parcels, &c;, left with the under- signed, will be delivered by Mr. Lamont ; and all persons indobted are informed that Mr. La- mont has boen authorised to reçoive payment and grant receipts for amounts due. JAMES SMITH. William Lamont, in announcing that he has obtained a Transfor of the License of tho above House, begs to intimate that it is his intention, not only to maintain its former character for the comfort of its arrangements, and the excel- lence of ita good cheer, but to keep pace with tlie spirit of progress, and to ondoavor to merit by the most assiduous attention, tho preference of customers, and to secure not only a continu- ance, but an extension of the favors of tho pub- lio. 47147 HURRAH I Cheap fares to Geelong!! Passongors by Steamboat w ill find clean- liness and moderate charges at the Balam nt Eating ¿louse, Mooiabool-stroet, nearWhaif, > Geelong.- Good Bods, observe the address ! 444G0 GEELONG. HOOPEE'8 ROYAL MAIL AND FAMILY nOTEL, Cornar of Yar.a and Corio-strcets, T(Noar tho Steam-boat Pior. ) HE Propiiotor, in returning liis mott sincere thanks for tlio liberal patronapo already experienced fiom tho most respectable inhabitants of Geelong, infoims visitors to this town that they will meet with all the comforts of an English hotel at his establishment. The spacious Dining Saloon is sumptuously and elegantly furni-hed, and well adapted for public or privato dinner parties. Dinners aro served up daily in the most liberal style, regaidleas of expense. Tho bed-rroms aio fitted up with overy attention to comfoit. The stock of wines, spirits, and English ales and porter, aro most earofully selected, and nnrivallod in tho coloniw. TerniB moderate. Soups every day, from twelve to two o'olook,. a professed cook boing engaged. EDWIN HOOPER, Lato of Bath, England. Geelong, May 21st, 1853. 47801 RARE CHANCE. FOR SALE by privato contract-That coun- try Inn at Cressy, on the Wardy Yallook, known as the Frenchman's, and allowed to bo one df tho best standi on tho great lino of traffic to the westward, and distant forty fivo miles from Geelong. A new horrso 1I«B hcon lately orected, and the ?uppllet- for winter laid in. For paiticrdau, apply to Messrs. Gibton andCnrle, Goolong, tiro proprietor on tlio promises, or to thu under signed'. THOMAS HORSBURGH, Agenoy Office, . 40601 Market-square, Geelong. r ? m ? r.? ? .i II 1W Caution. NOTICE T0BÜ10HERS AND uTHJlRS. ALL parties aro hereby cautioned agains, purchasing from Mr. Robort Mont gomery, any cattle branded W on near i f W off ramp-he having formally transferred ti e said cattle to me. JOHN EOS8, By his Attorney, _ 41973_L. MACKINNON. NOTICE. THE horses mentioned below, were sold by us on the respective dates, placed against them. The Vendora not being able to satisfy us as to ownership, -wo publish them with thoir brands for public information. May 10th. A bay uoree, branded WH near shoulder Moy 11th. A bay mare, branded JO near shoulder, VC off shoulder, M. McCAW & CO., 41307 Bourko-srreet. NOTICE.-The Horse mentioned below, was sold by tis, May 18th. The vendor not being able to satisfy us as to tho ownership, we publish it, with its brands, for publie in- formation : One black hors-», branded JD near shoulder. M. McOAW di; CO., 41939 Bou-ke-streot. ÍN O TICE. THE Horse mentioned brlow was sold by us, May 25th. The vendor failing to satisfy us as to ownership, we publish it with ita brands for publio information. A bay horse, S and B near shoulder, 8 off shoulder. M. McOAW & CO., 45533 Bourke-street. NOTICE. U IN LESS the Mare described below, pur- chased on May 21st from us, by Mr. Pholand, be removed and expenses paid, on or befoio Juno 1st, she will bo sold by auction to defray expenses. One brown mare, branded S near ribs. M. McOAW & CO., 45534 Bourko-Etrcet. MR. JOHN ROSE,-Unless tho expenses incurred by you and your frioud for the keep of the horses left in my stables, bo paid before this day week, the same, togelhor with cai t and harness, will bo sold to pay Euch expenses. RACHAEL SAWYERS, Australia Felix Hotel. 30th May, 1853. 46549 NOTICE.-If the following partios do not call within fourteen days fiom this data and take away their Luggage, which was stored at the respective dates enumerated in with Mr. Shaekelton, No. 99, Flin grs-street, west, Wharf, they will bo sold to delray oxpenses. W. MURRAY ROSS & CO. 3rd Juno, 1?53. Article No. 16-J. B. Cambage, Jan. 23.1852 3 Noa. 21- Sherwoll, Jan. 24, 44-J. L. Johnston, Fob. 3, 2 Nos. 50-J. Carter, Juno 17, 51-G. Carter, Juno 17, GO-G. Freman, Feb. 9, 81-W. Atticator, July 1, 116-J. Howling, March 12, 146-Parker, do. 162-W. Hill, April 8, 1G4-J. Bobeits, do. », 168-J. Havers, do. 6, 174-Thos. Garth, do. 10, 184-R. Clipper, do. 17, IPS-J. Roper, »'do. 17, 204-P. Chiistian,"Sopt.27, 205-P. McGauity, May 6, 212-Cameron, do. 6, 47733 241-Thos. Birdwood, Juno 4, HINDMARSH STEAM MlbLS, South Australia. THE undersigned having learned that largo quantities of flour have been offered for sale in Melbourne, in bags containing fifty pounds, and purporting to bear his brand. Notice is given, that ho has neither prepared or sold any fljur in bags containing less than two hundred pounds: and faith'r, that any person delected forging his brand upon bags containing either largo or small quantities, will be prosecuted. THOS. MAGAREY. 18th May, 1853. 41S6G CAUTION TO POUNDKEEPERS AND AUCTIONEERS. Reward of Five Pounds. LOST, on the 15th of April, at Jackson's Croek, one light bay horto, star in fore- head, Roman nose, littlo whita down face, short switch tail, saddlo mark, branded D on each shoulder; fivopounds Rewaid will bo given for tho delivery of tho horso at Mr. W. Honey's, butcher, Great Buurkc-stroet, or at Mr. Har- vey's, Iron Bark Gully, storekeeper, Bendigo. 4G027 GEORGE HUfSON. NOTICE. THE Horfo mentioned below was sold by us, May 21st ; the vendor not being able to sntiefy us as to ownership, wo publish it with its brandu, for public information. One cbeenut maro, branded ¿jF near shoulder, 9 noar romp. M. McCAW & CO., 44674 Bourke-street. NOTICE. *"** AN Iron-grey Horse, brando! G, off ribbr, with biidle and saddlo, left with tho un- dersigned, about five weeks tinco, will bo seid on Monday next, to defrav cxpen;cs. MICHAEL SHEEDY, 1st Juno, 185a. Richmond Hotel. _47178 STRAYED ir.to my yalda, City Anns, on 23rd May last, a Bay Hoise, branded on tlio cfT sido neck D, white stir on forehoad, and snip on nose, two hind fotlccks white. If not claimed within fourteen days of this date, will be Eold to defray exp uses. WILLIAM HAWKINS. May 20, 1853. 45538 NOTICE.—If Mrs. Fanny Finch does not call immediately, and remove the goods left at Mr. Mosbey's, and pay the amount due, [t]hey will be sold to defray expenses. 47905 NOTICE. PARTIES having hoises grazing in the Paddock at Upper Keilor, belonging to to Mr. James Robertson, will please take notice that a number of horses have been stolen from said paddock. Uppar Keilor, 3rd Juno, 1853 48006 NOTICE is horoby given that Frederick Anhton is no longer authoiised to re ceive ordors for me, Wm. Boobier, nightman, G1, Great Bourke-btroet, west, opposite Kiik's Bazaar. 48015 NOTICE. ALL persons having any claims on tho undersigned, aro hereby requested to send in their accounta on or boforo tho 21st inst. for liquidation. And all persons otherwise indebted, will please sottlo all 'claims agtintt him by tho abovo date, or they will bo handed over to my solicitor for recoveiy. WM. JOHN LOUDON, 137, Corner of Swanston and Littlo Bonrko Blroots. 47960 NOTICE. npHE following goods havo boon lying at the stores of tho Koora Steamer, Gee- long, since December, 1852, and if not claimed in one month from this date, will be sold to pay expenses. 1 box wearing apparel, addressed W Feltham. 1 box wearing apparel, addressed Jane Hunter. 1 box wearing apparel, addressed Haugh- ton. 8\. SMITn, Agent. Goolong, lit Juno, 1853. 47450 CAUTION. ANY Partios dotcotcd Forging our Brand, or putting inferior flour Into bags bear- ing oui' brand, and passing off tho flour as our maka, will be immediately prosecutod, STEVENS & COKE, Company'« Mills, Adoklde, 16th April, 1853. SG027 J&irsrards.; FIFTY POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN from Sutton Grange, a Roan Cob, low Bet, square made, wido action with his hind logs, branded WV conjoined off neck, aud HN conjoined near shoulder. Ho waa seen bv S H. G. Bennett, Esq., in the possession of a bushranger who robbod him on tho Campaspie last month. _ The above Reward will be paid for the con- viction of tho said bushranger, and five pounds for information that will lead to the recovery of tho horse, or ten pounds if delivered eithei at Charlotte PlainB or Sutton Grange. H. N. SIMSON. Charlotte Plains, Loddon River. 86626 FIVE OR TEN POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed, from Prahran, one grey Mare, about fourteen hands high, branded g on near shoulder, flesh wound on near hind quarter, slightly flea-bitten, long switch tail. A Reward of Fve Pounds will be paid to any person delivering her at the residence of John Goodman, Esq., Prahran, or at the stores of the nndersignel; or^Ten Pounds Reward will bo paid on recovery of the maro and con- viction of the thief. 0\. & A. LOCKE, Latrobo-street, east, 40544_Near Elizabeth-street. TEN POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed from near Aitken's Gap, on Friday last, one Largo Black Entile Horse, stor in forehead, mottled no^e, two hind feet white, no visible brand. Whoever will givo such information to the undei signed as will lead to the recovery of the said horse, shall receive Five Pounds if strayed, or Ton Pounds on the conviction of the offenders. JAMES WRIGHT, Timber Merchant, Swanston-strcet. Melbourne, 16th May, 1853. 42297 TWO POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN OR STRAYED-A Bay Matb branded WD off nock nnd«r mane, lefi last on the W Crook with hor foal. Whoovoi will bring the same to James Walkor, Shij Inn, Flinders-lane, shall receive the abov; reward. 41372 FOUR POUNDS REWARD. RTRAYED from a paddock at South Yarra, a light Grey Horse, nearly white, but ticked with small brown Epots, or flea- bitten ; switch tail; b.andedon near ribs with a half circle and bar. Has maiks of being lately blistered all round Also a Bay Pony, branded F near shoulder, and with a white patch on one of tho hind fet- locks. Any ono bringing the abovo, or fur- nishing satisfactory information to Mr. Balbir nie, Balmerino Hoiwo, South Yaua, will re- ceive the Reward of two pounds for each horse. _43499 TEN POUNDS REWARD. THE undermentioned seamen having de- serted from the Danish barquo Cheruska, the above Reward will be given to any party on such information being laid down as will lead to their apprehension. Royal'Danish Consulate, J. B. WERE. Niel Hommeltof Nis Lundbek Hans Jensen Ennemark Hans Peter Kofort. 43075 CAUTION. To Poutdkeepers and Others. LOST or Stolen, about fiRy miles from Melbourne, on the Ovens river road, A cheinut di aught Maro, no brandd, silvery mane and tail, i ather laigo joints. Also, a bay draught horso, branded JP near shoulder, from a paddock noar Melbourne. Also, a black draught Mare, branded S near shoulder, fiom a paddock iu Littlo Brighton, near hind fetlock white. Any person bringing the simo to C. Coates, Port Phillip Club Hotel Stables, or giving such information a? will lo id to thoir recovery, shall receive Five Pounds forth') chesnut mare, and Three Pounds each for the other two. _43157 WO POUNDS REWARD.-Stolon or strayed, on the night of the 17th May, from the Tents near Pike's Station, a grey Maro, branded JK near shoulder, stands about 13} hands high, ago rising 4 years. Whoever will bring the samo to J. Wilkin on, AVorthing, near Brighton, or Mr. Pentecost, near tho Swan Hotel, Richmond, will receivo tho above Howard. 45216 TEN POUNDS REWARD STOLEN, from thoMail Station, Little River, Melbourno Road, on the afternoon of the 14th instant, Ono dark bay Horw, black points, branded TG on offside nock, sore on near sido neck, done by tho collar, similar to a seam, about three indu s long. Ono bright bay norso, white face, branded on off sido nock TG, near hind and near fore fo"t whito, with a liar on near shoulder. The sum of Ton Pounds will be paid to any | party wh ?> may find the abovo described hoises, and bring to conviction tho thief or thieves, or a sum of Two Pounds (£2) per head will bo paid to any party delivering tho said horses to the Mail Sutton, Littlo River. THOMAS GIBSON. Geolor,g,Mav 15th. 1853. 43133 £15 REWARD. ANY person giving such information as shall lead lo tho apprehension of tho following deserters fiom tho ship Eau Groy, G. W. Green, thitd mata Joseph Rule, bontawain Alexander Blanco, a boy Bhall receive the abovo Reward, or Fivo Pounds for each. Apply to Capt. J. H. Dalton, at Westgarth, Ross, and Co.'s._4790G £20 REWARD, IF STOLEN. £5. if Strayed. LOST, from tho Mooneo Ponds, on Tuesday evening last A bay draft Horso, branded 0 noar XA shoulder, whito raddlo mark A dark brown (almost black) Horse, branded H near shoulder, B near flank, small star on forehead,' and white hind fet'ocks. Tho abovo Reward will bo paid on delivery of tho above horses either to Mr. Tiacoy, Crown Stables, or David Beckett, Storekeeper, Mount Mcivor. Melbourne, 2nd Juno, 1853._4781G TEN POUNDS REWARD. CAUTION to poundkeopois, auctionoors, and others -Stolen from tho Mcivor diggings, one groy Horse, branded 1£B on the near shoulder. Anv person delivering him to Georgo Cas- tles, Kilmoro, or to I. Manhford's storo, Mcivor diggings, will receivo tho above Reward. 47529 FIVE POUNDS REWARD Caution to Poundkoopers, and others. STOLEN or Strayed, on tho Plenty, ono blight bay Mare, WIne.ir shoulder, black points; whoever will givo information leaoing to tho recovery of tho abovo to Mr. R. Sutton, Black Bull Inn, Great Bourke-stroet, cast will receivo tho above Howard. 47G28 REWARD.--Two Pounds Reward will bo given to any porson who will restore a Chesnut Horse, whito face blazed, which strayed in Lousdale-street to-day, marked SE -noar shoulder, SB off shouldor, to Mr* IH R. Williams, Biidgo Inn, Flindors-'anc. Molbouino, 2nd Juno. 47766 TW0 POUND REWARD. STOLEN or ¿tra od f om tho head of tho long gully, a Bay Homo, W, D. on near shouldor, star in tho forehead ; whoovornill return tho samo to Thomas Hanly, store- keeper, noar tho Whito- hill, Bendigo, shall ro eoivo two pounds R«ward, Bendigo, May 20th, 47708 FIVE POUNDS REWARD. LOST or Stolen, a dark groy Horeo, branded S rovorsod on near shoulder, and M on off ihouldor ; if brought to Swannall'a Livery Stables, back of Bakers' Arms, Eliza* beth-stroot. will reoeive tlio abovo Reward. ' - 41065 Rewards FIVE POUNDS REWARD. STOLE M or Strayed from Kangaroo Gully, one light gray mara, branded X near shoul O der, switch tail. The above reward to be payed on delivery of enid mare to MR. JOS. GLOSS, Red Hill. Bendigo, M*y 19th. 47709 FIVE POUNDS REWARD. Caution to Auctioneers, Poundkeepr rs, and Others. STOLEN or Strayed from Sheep Wash Creek, near Bendigo, ou the 20th May, a black horse, branded D£ on eff shoulder ; two other invisible brands. Also, a bay horso, about saventeeu hands high, WD on off shoul- der, JHB conjoined on near shoulder. Any person delivering either of the above horses to Messrs. J. and W. RoufJodge, Mcivor, will retieivo the above Reward. 479G5 ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. ABSCONDED from our store, about 15th May last, Mk-hvel Thomas Stacy We'sh, taking with him a sum of money ; the abov^ Reward will bo given to any person who_shall give such information as shall lead to his apprehension, (he is a young mm, about 5 feet 9 inches in height, fresh complexion, dark hair, blue or grey eyes, and wears a moustacho,) by applying to Charles Mackellar and Co., storekeepers, Nino Mile Creek, Ovens, or James Ilemphill and Company, Melbourne, shall receivo tho above Reward. June 1st, 1853. 474-13 FIVE POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN fiom the schooner Cecilia, at Queen's Wharf, a four-oared boat; name on storn, Jack, Capo Town. One pound will ba paid to any one returning tho boat, and five pounds on conviction of the thieves. 47359 TEN POUNDS REWARD. THE- above Reward will ba given to any person who will give information leading to the appréhension of the thief or thioves who stole from Mrs. Finnigan, 33, La Trobe-street, west, 11 Fowls on Friday night last. H. BRANDRETH, 41, La Trobo-street, west 3rd June, 1853. 148400 FIVE POUNDS REWARD. STOLEN or Strayed, from Mr. Palmer'« Paddock, Kilmore, a light che3nut hors", saddle maiked, brandod Hoff shoulder, whito stripe down face, short switch tail. Two .pounds Reward will be paid, if strayed, or five pounds, if stolen, on conviction of the thief; address, George (Sasth's, Kilmore; or, S, Goode, printer, 59, S wans! on-street. 48318 Lost Property, POCKET Book lost, containing letters, &c;, addressed, Mr Edmund Jacob ; the finder will be rewarded on bringing it to 151, Russsll-street, late Saint and Somorton's Store. 45850 FOUND, in my paddock about the first of April, Two Horses, of the following de- scriptions :-One grey Horso, aged, with shoes on, branded m on off shoulder. W AIBO, A mouse-colored Pony Horso, small star on forehead, snddle-markod, branded CXW off ribs under saddle, decked tail. I hereby give notice that if the Baid Horses aro not claimed, and all o-cpenses paid on or before fifteen days from this date, they will bo sold by public auction, to pay expenses ; en- quire at Posbum-grovo, Campbellfield, on the Old Sydney-road, twelve UIÍIOM from town. JAMES MURRAY. June 4, 1853. 47859 LOST on tlio 31st May, butwoen the Royal 0.ik, Queen-street, and tho Bull and Moulh, alcither puree containing three five pound notes, ono sovereign, and some silver, alFO a receipt for forty- seven pomda; any pu-son rotuining the receipt to the office of this papsi can keep the money, and also receivo one pound Reward. 47510 STOLÜN, fiom William McNco's Victoria Forge, Flindore-streot, Molbourno, Friday, 27th May, about half-past 5, r.ir., a Horse Dray, painted green, had new Bide-iions upon it; any one giving such informat'.un as will lead to tho recovery of tho above, shall receivo £5 Reward, or £10 on conviction of the thief. WM. McNEES. LOST, from near the Benovolont Asylum on Thursday night, 2nd inst, tso groy Mar s, in hobbles ; one, a longswitclr'ail, rather low in the shou'der ; thoothor a short switch tail sore vvi'hor, both very low in condition. Any party bringing them (if lost), to Mesáis. Drow and McKean', 56, Bourke-st oet, will receive Two Pounds Reward ; if stolen, Twenty Pounds on conviction of tho thief. 48102 NOTICE. 'spHE undermentioned Horso was sold by us k on the 31st May last; tho vendor not bo'ng able to satisfy us as to ownership, we publish it, with its brands, for public informa tion ; 1 Roan Mare, G near ribs. M. McOAW and CO-, 47440 Buurke-street. ©rasing- yatîdocîisi. T OG PADDOCK, Bullock Cieelc-Notice \\.j -Ono month after tho data of this advertisement, Patrick Gardiner, of Log Pad- dock, Bullock Creek, will leavo his paddock, and all cattlo not claimed before tho expiration of that time, will bo Eold to defray expenden. 28th May, 1853. i 45GG0 MOUNT ARARAT PADDOCKS. 13,000 Acros, fenced in. Ij^ROM 1st April, the terms for grazing wit be £2 2s. per annum, or a less poriod, payablo on removal. No responsibility. No ontire stock ad- mitted. N.B.-Horses taken to tho paddocks and ro dolivorod at P. Mihlek's Victoria Stables Swanston-streot, every Thursday, at very mo derate charges. 44S65 S. HENRY CLUTTERBUCK. GLENROY PADDOCK, (Late Mr. W. M. Postlethwaito's). FROM and aftor this date, Uro charge for grazing horses will bo 7s. per woak. Horses (haltored) left with Mr. Tracey, Crown Stables, Queen-street, and Mr. Mel rick's, Victoria Stables, SwanBton-stroot, will be forwarded freo of charge, on Wednesday, each week. . ALEXANDER GUTHRIE. N.B.-Tho horses at presont running in the paddock will bo charged 7s, from 1st June next. All oharges to be paid on delivery No stock dolivorod on Sundays, Every care taken; but without responsibility. 3970G GRAZING Paddock, Darebin Crook - Horaes taken in at 7s. Gd. per wook, ovoiy care taken, but no responsibility. Tho above paddock is within twelve milos of Melbourne, and on the new road t) Kilmoro, and within ono milo of Mr. Toogood's Inn, on tho tíyd noy-road; any horses left (haltered) at Mr, Lynoh's Paddock, Hawthorne, within two milo r of Molbourno, will bo taken to tho pad dook free of ohargo. 42168 DANDENONG Grazing Paddock, adjoin- ing the township of Dandenong, 20 milos from Molbourno; horses and bullocks will bo received. _ R. 0. WALKER. N.B. Edward Cousin-*, (tlio showman of Messrs. Boar arrd Son's Sale yards, whoro ho can bo soon overy day,) will Bond Stock to tho paddock for parties. . 44002 BALAMARANG GRAZING PADDOCK. HORSES loft at Mo?srs. Pöbln and Douglas's Livory Stables, Elfeabeth-stroot, will be forwarded onoe a fortnight at,15n. per hoad Charges for Paddock 20J. per quarter without reipoMibllrty. 44925 Hese!» and Refreshment Rooms " DEVONSHIRE INN, Brighton WEOSE bogs to intimate to his fn«nd . and the public generally, thathavmg taken the above pi émises former'y in tha oc- cupation of Mr Towt, no oxortlon shall bt wanting on his part to render the Hotel com fortable and convenient, and he trusts that bv assiduity and attention, to mont the approba tion of those who may honor huu with thei patronage W. R , will always have on hand, a ohoio selection o' winos, spirits, aloa, &o; Fob 2nd, 1853 45591 BRITISH And Gorman Dmiug and Coffee Rooms, 70 Collins street east NISSEN &, WEDEL RESPECTFULLY recommending them solves to the pationage of the public in geneial, bog to point out to those who, although dosirous of Euiopean comfort, are never theless reluctant to submit to tho colonial eharges of tho houses in vogue-their special object, of attaining the proper med um, and presenting their friends a moderato list of fares combined with the advantages of a neatly fitted up suit of looms, good attendance, and general piopncty May 7th, 1853 39874 IMPORTANT TO NEW ARRIVALS AND GOLD DIGGERS VI7ILLIAM FINLAY, Royal Oak, 106 IY Elisabeth street, Melbourne, m return ing thanks to the public of Melbourno and it* vicinity, for tha hbeial support they have favored lum with, begs loavo to inform them that ho has on hand a large supply of alo, por ter, spirits, and wine«, of the very beat quality and that lus h mío has undergone a thorough repair Ho likewise begs ltivo to solicit the pationage of thepublio of Melboumo and its vieinity, trusting by strict attention to the in terests of his customers ho will moot with the same support N B -Good clean beds, of the best quality Melbourne 3id May, 1853 8S3G6 GLEN LYON INN, Wojtern Port District, four Miles from Spring Creek Digging?, auc eight from Sailors' Creek CR PHILLIPS begs to intimate to hit . friends and tho public that he has pur abased the above premises, and obtained the tiansfer from Mr Munaj, and that it is as re alóte as possible with evory atti action Th« nous© affords ample accommodation for trave' lers, the situation is one of the most hoalthj aid delightful in the neighl ouihood, and the proprietor feels ptsurod that tho arrangement will be found such as ca-not fail to msuie tie antire approbation of thoso who may honor h m sith their patronage Neither pains nor ex pense have boen spared m socunng a (hut rate itock, and tho service of efficient servants te carry out the objoct of the proprietor to secure atiafaction to all Good Stablmg and an extensive Paddock well watered by the Loddon, wh oh rum through it Diggers' Horses taken in at 10s pe week. 41575 DUKE Ob WELLINGTON HOTEL RICHARD DALTON bogs leave to inform Ins friend-) and tho public that ho has obtained a license for tho--e spacious picmises situate at Flinders street, cornoi of Rucsell htieet, lately m tho occupation of Mrs Smith as a family boaidmg houbo, and thopiopeity of Mr Councillor Lano To profes îonal gentlomen mercantile men, and gentlomen ongagod in bus UCES this hotel afluida puiuhar accommo lation Ps ret led and beautiful situation facing ti o Yarra, and its closo proximitj to the business parts of the city, rondei it a lesidenco not only to bo desired hu covtt d N B -Tho best of wmos and spirits alwajs on hand 45597 THE MELBOURNE LARDER, 46 Collins street east GEO EDWARD WHITE Legs to an- nounce tint his UPPLR SALOON Ii NOW OPEN to the pub io, and m doins¡ so, rtlurns his very ro pectful and bc«t thanks for tho extensive support and kind encruiagement ho hasie ceived, pledging himself to do his best to secure the iitmokt attention, civility, clea ibness, ease and comfoi t to his customors, combined with caiefull} selected and well prcpaud rofiosh ments, of even dcsenption, at moderato and rea'onrVe charge TI o o gentkmen wh) thmk him u oi thy to Lo cnti usted with a been o to bUfplv his cu toméis with ale, wine, and pints, will e infer an obbgiton by signing a nioinoual to tho Worshipful the Jus tice3ot the, Peicofor tho Citv of Mell ourne to that eflcct, now lj ing at the Lardoi for ngna turo JG715 Law Notices. M: R JAMES BENSON, Solicitor, 8, Neivo's Buildings, Collin-, street, east. 418G4 Notieo to tho Creditors of the esfato of Ness and Wattcrs, Gioceis, &c; , No 89, Little Collins «ti cet, ea't A DEED of Ti list having been executed empowoing W W Han al nnd David l'jffo mel chants in this city, to sall and dis poso of the stock md effects, and collect all debts for, and belonging to tho said Arm of Ness and Wattois, for the benefit of the cred tors All claims must bo s nt in duplicate to the oflico of W W Hair ii and Co , 74 Oolhns vticet, west within foul divsfrom this dato otherwise tho funds realised will be divided amongst thoso claims ahcidj lodpcd, andthosj fulling to complv with theso conditions will bo excluded from pal ticipation m any assets rea- lised foi this catato W W nARRAL, DAVID FYFFE. Melbourno, Juna 2nd, 1853 47729 In tho Supreme Court of tho \ Colon} of Victoria J Victona, by the Giaco of God, of the Unitod Kingdom of Gicat Bntain and Irolo d, Quo n, Defender of tho Faith To Ann n.olt tho w dow and next of kin of John Holt, lato of Poitlind Bay di tuet, and of tho Maolvoi Diggings, Storokeopoi, doceased, Greet ng WHEREAS, it bath 1 eon represented unti oin Supremo Cant of tho Colony of Victona, in its Ecclcsi ti» P ictor if I roderick IVikins Stovono, of Mell mimo mcichant, i cicditii of tho Find Tohu 'le t deecised, tint tho f-nd John Holt d putt 1 this hfo on oi about tho 20th dnj of May last, mtestite, having at the timo of his death goods chnttols oicdits and eflb-ts in tho co ony of Victona We do thercfoie peicmp rorily citv you to aprcat personally, oi bj youl Pioctoiduliconstituttd buforoouis ldCouit at tlio Couit houso in La Tiobo stieot, in tho paid Citv of Melbourne, on Monday, tho twentieth day of Tuno inBtant, at tho horn of ton o'clock in tho foionoon of tho sanio dav, oi so soon aftoi na tho Com tahalí sit in its Ecclesiastical juiiadiction, and tboio to aludo if occisión nha'l uquiro, duung tho sitting of tho failcouit, and thon and theio to neeopt or refuso Lottere ol Administiation of all and singular tho goods, chattel*, ciedits and effects of tho Bald decease I oi ot hot wiso to sliBW 6iillicunt causo if ycu havo or know any, why the Eamo should not bo committed to tho said 1'iedoiick Poikins Stovons, a oioditoi of tho paid decoared, on giving sufficient secuiltv , and further to do and lociivoasto law andjut-tico shall ap pjrtiun, undei pain of suth Lotters of Adminis tration being giai ted to tho said Fiodenck Pel kins Stovous, a creditor of tho said John Holt, doceased Witness the Honorablo Redmond Barry, oin acting Ohiof Justice of our tupiomo Court of tho colony of Victoria, at Molbouino, the ftmith day (f Juno, in tho voar or our Loid, ono thousand o'ght hundred and flflv-tinco, and in the sixteenth year of our reign. JOHN A 10R1ER, Piothonotary of tho Supiomo Coutt of tho eolony of Victona William Charles Christmas Humphioys, Littlo Collins-Btreet, Melbourno, Proc- tor for the said i'ioderiok Perkins Stevens. 48063 New Works. TO be published, on tho 1st July.-Map of the Settled Districts, coiF.pri-ihg an are-» of fifty parishes around Melbourne, colored, and shewing t' e pal iib. and county boundaries. With book of reference tD tho sections and al- lotments, the quantities and purchaser's names, by A. PURCHAS, O.E., 45760 81, Collins-stieet, east. HODGES' IMMIGRANTS' LANDING "DIRECTOR " PRICE IS. THE above will commence issuo on M n-. day,14th inst, for tho purpose of i£rord itig immigrants (previous to leaving their ship), concise, simple, and practicable direc- tions for hnding and obtaining lodgings, store room, hotel accommodation, d-c, and contain al-o such information as will bo calculated to answer the inquiries arising from thair pecu- liar situation. Advertisements maybe inserted by Bankers, Storo and Boarding-housa keepers, and Auc- tioneers only. Terms of SuSfcription for Advertisements For one year . .£3 IO Half do. (payable in advance) 2 0 Quarter ... ... ... 1 0 The publisher boards every passenger vcsssl immediately on anchoring in the bay, and from the absvo date will commence taking a'i ample supply of the Di- ector with him, its low price places it at the command of all per- sons. A placard distinctly showing tho obj"cts for which thu Director is published, will bo placed in the most consp'cuous part available, of every ship during the time of bale. _ To immigrants the usefulness of such a pub- lication canuot bo questioned ; thoy aro fur- nished with that which will assise them beuo ficially by an economy of time and money. To subscribers the advantrges aro obvious ; all who land must have lodging, and nin- ty nino per cent icquire store-room, and buing convinced they cm obtain boih ono and the o-her, will piovont voiy many from making a sacrifice of what goods they have for sale to the first person who meets thom on the ship, ready to tako aivantago of their inexporic-nce, and point thom to tho legitimate auction mart, while of necessity their attention becomes ern . centrated on tho subscribora' advertisements contained in tho Director. Pc sons wishing tj b"como subscribers, can do so ftorn the 1st or 14th of every month, on which days their ndvoi tisoments will commenco to bo in-erted, and an altoialiou made if ro quired, in prior advertisement-!. Not;ca of now adv rti'ements, and altera- tions, to bo delivered wen days prov i .us to the above dates, to llouc-h, Heath and Co , 174, Elùibolh-straet, to which placo all commu ii eations must bo addressed. CHARLES POWELL HODGES. N.B. Persons wishing to havo advertise- ments inserted on tho firnt day of issue, will please forward the same to the above address, on or before Weduesday next. 419SG JUST PUBLISHED, rT\EE RULES of the Atlas Building and .ft. Investment, Company, certified by the Honor.iblo the [Attorney-General, may bohnd, price one shilling, of tho Members ot tho Pio visiuiul Committee, and of the Secretary. Mr. R. GOODWIN, 4G384 30,Flindoislnno west. ¡Partnership;,. NOTICE. npHE Partnership hitherto existing between JL the undersigned, James Sinclair Rich- ardson, and Goorgo Whito, in Molbourno and Geelong, as Ironmongers, under the firm o Richardson and White, is his day dissolved by mutual consent. All dobts owing to tho late firm to be paid, in Melbourne, to Mr. Richardson, and in Gee- long, to Mr. Whito; who will also receive foi liquidation claims against tho late finn, and which aro requested to bo sent in without de lay. Dated, 31st March, 1853. JAMES S. RICHARDSON GEO. WHITE. Witness to the signature ot J. e Richardson. JOHN BRA1M. Witness to the signature of Geo. Whito, 40329 JNO. L. BROOKBANK _ NOTICE. r H XüE Partnership existing under the firm o' _ä_ Donaldson and Budge having been din salved, Henry Budge, of the above firm, btgj to intimate that he will continue the IIUMIUJÜ is heretofore, and that ho has assumed tu partnors, his brothers Peter and David Budgtj and that tho bnamets will bo enrried onfion. this date nndor the name and firm oí Budgt Brothora. Melbourne, 1st Jan., 1853. 44572 DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP. NOTICE is hareby givon, that tho Partner- ship existing between William Di ujlaa and Thomas Mill r, carrying on biuinois ímdor the stvlo or firm of Douglas and Miller. Build- ers, Kyneton, was mutually dissolved oa the 1st day of Novomber last. WM. DOUGLAS, THOMAS MILLER. Witness to signatures. H. G. PAUKEU. 47518 PUBLIC NOTICE. cpHE Partnership hit hoi to existing under g tho fi m of J. N. R-iyno'ds Se Co., Mer- chants of Molbourno, has boin this day dis- solved as far ns ro«p:cts the undersigned, who w ill notboaccorrntablo for any debt or dobts con- tracted, and all debts duo to or by the concern aro to be ollocted and disbursed by tha pio sant finn. Dated 1st Juno, 1853. PIERCE JONES WILLIAMS. Witness, RoriT. H Mo. FAIRLAND, Solicitor, Melbourne, 77700 NOTICE OF PARTNERSHIP. THE undersigned have tliii day cnteicd into partnership as Attorney-, Solicites, and Prcctois, under tho furn of Sandfjid and Har- wood. Go long, 1st Juno 1853. GEO. SANDFORD. TnOS. C. HARWOOD. Witness, Offices, Maiket-^quaro, William Higgins, and Ryiie-itr et, 47449 Goalong. NOTICE ia hereby given, that tho Parlnet ship lately subsisting between us, at St Kilda.inthocolonyofViot ria.asblacksmithsand wheelwrights, under tho nama, style or firm of Drummond and Stewart, was this day dis- solved, by mutual consent _ As witness our hands, this, twenty-first day of May, one thoucand eight hundred and fifty threo. JAMES DRUMM 1ND, JOHN STEWART. Wirnces P. A. C. O'Farroll, Solicitor, Melbourne. 47152 To Gold DiprgerB. OVENS GOLD FIELD. PARTIES proceeding to tho above Gol« Field, can havo thoir horses proporlv attended to by having them forwarded to tht Woorajay Station, on Reid's Creok, two toiler rom tho lower Spring Creok Diggings. Tht cattle are tailed out all tho day on fust-rat« feed, and put into a large and securo paddocl at night. Terms, fivo shillings a head per week. 45583 TO all whom it may oorcern. Tho nearest and best route horn the Ovens to tht Bendigo is by the Broken River, Maguire'e Punt, Oalbin Abbyn, late the station of Edward Curr, Esq., the Campaspl Inn, and thence by Mr. Leynott's station to the Bondigo. 3721R HEAPEST OUTFIT FOR DIGGERS. 40-SW A N8TON-STREET-40, Next to the Rainbow Hotel, noar tko Police Court. Emigrants' goods bought or talton in exchange »t fair prices. 47409 TO DIGGERS AND OTHERS. DIGGERS aro infoimed tli-.t luggage may bo convoyed to any of tiro Diggings at tho current rates by T. B. Twi's.and Co., Car- riers and Commission Merchants, op the wharf, next door to H. St J. Cooke. 48070 Sdneation. LAUNCESTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL,' Visitor,-The Lord BiÄop'of Tasman "u a Board of Lay TrustsT-"1"'wllh THERMS f .r boarders und"-,. ?-,' " § ago, 50 euineas .", tffelvo V(,aT Of that ago, GO gC \^ "BUnra' abova quarterly ¿n adv,noo PT?'?T,V W*>* aie well ada->dft Urdí rT1 FrcmisM built by ^t^Í£¿SÍS'ÍSfíS cuco cin be given to Parents"* ÎMbZ «h^ö eons a,0 in the school, anlapr.liwtfoM meat with immedrate attention. 47653 EDUCATION. John Knox's Free Church Seminary Swanston-street. PARENTS and guardians are respeetftlh informed that tha male andSede partments of the above Institution are eon ducted on the most approve system pursued m the first Bomrnaries in Scotland I"1T80 Terms-One guinea each pupil per quarter payablo m advance; with musió (tíanolZ, guineas. The quarter consists of twelve weZ reckoned from the dato of the pupil'senternT» Mr. Mcmaster, Head Teacher g' Miss Gane, Governed and Piano Teacher L Mr. McLiesh, English Master. *'Ber » Mr. G. L. Allen, Musio Master April 22, 1853. "* i5m LADIE3' SEMINARY ~~ ' MISS POLISTACK, lately fiom Europe, the gentry of Melbourne, that she hos Tust succeeded in her awangementaforwraimeneW a Ladies Boarding and Day School. In addition to tho usual inrtrùcuon of a Found English education, the Young Ladies will have the advantage of daily le sons from a master of the University of Heidelberg la Ge-manv, m all tho higher branches of educa, lion, namoly-history, geography, the use of thu globes, combined with astronomy, natural history, botany, and tho French language. Terms-For Boa-ders, 100 guineas per an num. r Under saven yoars of ago, 80 ditto. Music and Dancing extra. Day Scholars, 4 guineas per quirtor. References aro kindly allowodto His Excel louey Mr. LaTrobe. tho Lord Bishop of Mel' bourne, and Mrs. Perry, Dr. and Mrs. Howitt. , and tho Rev Matthias Gcethe. 'j Kyte's Huildings, Regent-strett, near Victoria Parada, Collingwood. 44584 ST. HELEN'S Jlassical, Scientific, and Commercial Academy Corio Bay, Geelong. DR. HICKSON will re-open the above institution on Monday, January 10th, 1853, for the îecoption of a limited number of gentlemen's sons, as boarders only. The ar angemonts are of a superior character, and the laramount advantages of the locality for set-, lathing and general salubrity are universally saknowledged. Tho pupils are required to bring with them it loast two sots of bed linen, and half-a-doiea t-iweLs distinctly marked. TEEMS. [Tor those under 12 years ... 60 gntaoa«. Do. above do. ... 80 guineas. No extras. Fees quarterly in advance. 47412 O-oM, ?gSTool, WSIJOT?, *?«. ANK OF ENGLAND NOTES AN_ GOLD bought by ROBERT KENT * CO 39239 88, Collins-street, west STEAM COALS. THE undersigned are purchasers of English" or Welch Steam Coals, WILLIS, MERRY, S> CO., 45973 72, Flinders lane, west. TO BUTCHERS AND OTHERS, npHR highest price given for Sheepskins," _fl_ Greasy Wool, Tallow and Hides. WHLIAM DUNN, Tanner, Fellmongor and Tallow Chandler, 39245 14, Great Bourke-street. »TTiHE Full Market Value given in Cash, for JL every descuption of Colonial Produce, | Gold Bought in any quantity. ! HENRY L. DAY1S, Produco Broker, j Old Brewory, Flinders lane. 41720 /t HE Undoi signed are prepared to pur«ha5 í or make advnnces on all descriptions o| Colonial Pioduco consigned to their íriendí. Mes-rs. Baring, Brother-B, and Co. GOODMAN is UMPHEliBY, 43450 8, Collins-streel ADVANCES ON GOJ.D DUST, «feo. The undersimed vwl) maka liberal »* vanees on Wool, Tallow, 'and Gold Dust, cr» signed to Messrs. Pedfein and Alexander, SJ Great Wrnchcotor-Btrect, London. THOMAS ANDREW, 43184 , 41 Markot-sqa. rnO New Arrivals.-Yeelos & Co., 27, Se JL phen street, or pósito Hailcs' timber yffd, givo thobiHtprico tor all kinds of goods j jp ply beforo ten or after one o'clook. 4670' Stoiatje. STORE ROOM STORE ROOM may bo Ino for Fiom«« other merchandise, at P. JUST 41039 Flinders-street, Vh« PASSENGERS' Lrrggags, Merchandis.aria every doser iption of goods stored b DAVID DYER d5 CO., Flinders-streol 40335 Opposite Queen's Wim*. STORE-ROOM for Flour, &o;" am Dr? Goods, at H. KNOX&CC;, Flinders-street, VU» N.B.-Passengers Luggage Btored bj H. Knox aird Co., Flinders-street, Wharf.*-J*» box,&o.; <>3S3 I BICKFORD, GREVILLE, & CO BtflM» . and General Carriers, tho Wha.< Fin»' ders streot. Passengers' luggage carefully stored Goods convoyed threo times a wet to uro various diggings. _ 9&at;^ NOTICE. LIGHT GGCDS can bo stored w"**1 and reasonable oharges, b; wWj. Andeison, grocer, 9G, Elizaboth-stroe. »*" PASSENGERS' Luggago, and LgMGooi« itorod on moderato terms, by»"TT*?' Bowker and Cameron, at Jacomb pim son' Btore, 41, Williams streot, Marketrsttiare.. FOREIGN AND COLONIAl STORE8 Groat Lonsdale-streot, neailyoppwteu» Cntholio Church. Winos, spirits, m ."» porter, and all descriptions of provision« » FAWELL, DREWE. ekttjgr STAYS superseded by tho Eltttio Boddto», ^ which gained tho pvieo in the Gr«»t «* t hibltion, to bo had only oíSírs, Brown; d W» -i Post-oflioe, Prahran._ iilwr THE TEETH & HEALTH.-Agooi «J1 of teeth evor insures favonblo impm«w» whi'e thoir preservation is of the utmo« j» portance to every individul, both ""OT?,*^ general health by tho propor rarfw»»ffl t od, and the consequent possession of Va* ~Z sweet breath. Among the various P^P*îîST5 offered for tho purposo. P^WL'U»'? ODONTO, or Pearl Dentfrioe, et*n#,°TT vailed. It will bo found to oradicate »".JW impart a pearl-like whitoneBs to the «i«m»»f gurfaco, remove the spots of inolplentMw' render the gums fi m and rod, ^^¡uZ aromatic influonco impart sweetness .B"JE| . to Üie breath. Prlco 2B, 9d. per box. «^ of spurious imitations. The W^fZ^S has the words, " A. Rowland "»'"Bp Hatton-garden," engraved on the **?*£BA stamp- affixod on eaeh. Sold hrWif^T Croft, Parttimor, *e., JniaMiWWJM^ bo»nw. **..? 