Houses, &c.;, to Let. TO Be Let, the "Somerton" Inn, Sydney-road; for particulars apply to Mr. G. Vinge, on the premises, or, Brown & Stewart, Elizabeth-street. 9552 TO Let, a four-roomed Cottage, with detached Kitchen, &c.; ; apply at Turner's Timber yard, Smith-street, Collingwood. 11151 TO Let, a small Store, two rooms, in Gore street, Collingwood. The stock to be taken on moderate terms. Apply at Mr. Le Page's, Hay Store, Gore- street Collingwood. 10926 TO Let a Butcher'» Shop, lu Little LoiuUjie-nreei, eait. No. 144, with everything complete, and dolog a flr»t rat« bmlnen. 1°881 O Ut, part of a Shop, In a good »ItuaUon; apply at Dawion'a Wine and Spirit Store, Great Napier »treet Collingwood._1«W> IO Let for a term or yean-To Let, for five yean a j. nswly erected liou e at tho corner of Lontdale atreet and Sprlng.itrect Till» »padoa» and handsome edifico hu lately been built by the proprietor, Mr. Michael Keeley, and la Intended for an Hotel: It con, tala» thirty room», 1» iltuated in a healthy and Improv- ing locality, and will be ready for builnen by October next For term» apply personally, or by letter, to Meurs. GOODMAN and UMPHELBY, 8, Collins »treet, east._ HO»' TO Let a good Brick House and Shop, with a de- tached kitchen and eervaot'i room ; the room» aro 12 x l8; the two front roomi havo Arc-place« ; with 800 feet or ground ; nnt moderate ; iltuated at Richmond ; apply at Mo. 24», Great Lonsdale.ttreet, east_-_H878 TO Let a rnrnUhed two-roomed Verandah Cottage, willi good front and back ga den, near Studley Arm« Inn, Collingwood. For partlculan apply to Mr. Reed, Bedford Store, Btanlcy-itreet, Collingwood. TO Let the half or a genteel four-roomed lluuae lu Vlctoria-itrcet, near Nlcholion-itreet; apply to Mr. 0. Mayei, Architect and Surveyor, Brunawick »treet Collingwood._ 11380 TO Let with immediate possession, » House con. talnlng «even rooms ; enquire at 2, Reynold's balMing», George »treet, Collingwood._1137» TO Let at Prahran, near Weitby'a Paddon», three roomed House», rent two guinea« per week ; apply to Grave and Son, Market- square; ord. Parker Ure Irantrance Office, Prahran._ 11343 rpO Let »t 8t Kilda, eloec to th« Heath, a Hoiue J. three room» and a kitchen ; npply to Mr. Green, Gnat Boorke-itrcet, or Dr. O'sullivan, St Kilda. 11438 TO Hatcher» and Othen- A House and Shop to Let, In Smith-street, Collingwood, ncsrthe Bul biers' Arms Hotel._ 11513 TO Let two handsome atone Cottages, containing Ihre« rooms each, in a most healthly iltuatlon ; apply to Mr. HuiMll,Brrol- stre«t North Melbourne, on the prendí«. " ' """ TO Let two »tone Houses, containing largo shop and two rooms each (one a corner shop and Ant- räte stand for a bakery); apply to Mr. Russell, Errol »Ueet_ _11183 TWO Offices to Let, in the beat business part or the City. Apply to J. Nightingale Alexander, 38, Flinden-hvne, east _1154« ~ «wtotucal. IMMIGRANTS' Aid Society,-Dr. Earley attend« «t the Dlapenaary, Hotueleii Immigrante ' Home, Canvau Team, daily, from . to 11. Alto, at the offiee of the Sootity, corner of Colllna-atrcet and Swanston street dilly, from 12 to 1, for tho purpose or furnishing medical advice gratultoutly, and In casca of destitution, medicine« ah». JAMES BLACKBURN, Honorary Secretary._ 844» VACCINATION-Mr. O'Reilly, Surgeon, Ac, at hem» for Vaccination, «very morning, from lo to 13\. at hi» naldene«, lol. Collins «treet weit »385 MR. E. FLETCHER, Surgeon, has removed to I, Lonsdale-slrcet weit, oppoilte Psuraon'» Commarclal Hotel, when he may be consulted a« uaual before ten a.m., at two p.ni, and after alx in the evening. Mr. Fletcher may alao be consulted every morning at eleven o'clock, at Mr. Densit'i, chcmtit, 1*2, Klug-«treet. - MONSIEUR L. A. DEURTEAUX, DenUat, arter a Mocciifttl practice of hit profeiilon for seven years, hu great pleaiure to «tate that he rosy be con- sulted st his room, upper chsmben, «7, Swsnston street from »tee till ive dally. The latest Improve, meats received from London adopted. Moniteur B. visita Geelong the lut three day» of each ?south, at Mack'a Hotel. M. B. bega to »tate that he hu no connection with hi chemlit'« «»tablUhmcnt _8781 O CHEMISTS AND DRUGGISTS, and General Storekocpcn lit town and country.-G. II. Wil- liams, Wholesale Drugglit, beg! to Inform bia friend» and the trade gcnerally,that he has made arrangement» for carrying out the wholesale drug builne» In such a manner u shall secure the approval of all those who may favor him with their orden. G. li. W. has been long established In the drug trade, and hal now so ex- tensively Increased hil stock, aa to be In a politlón thoroughly to execute all orden entrusted to hit care. From the long and-varied experience G. H. W. hu had in London, and from hil present connections with the tint home« In England, all drug« and chemical« can be relied on al of the bett quality, and at the lowest re- munerative profit!. Orden from the country, Forest Creek, Bendigo, and other diggings, immediately at. tended to. Great Brunawlck-strect Collingwood, Mel bonnie»-._»4H3 -_*EDIUAL.-MK. E. W. PILGRIM, Member of ITA tlie Royal College of Surgeons, London, Llcen. .tilt« of Apothecaries' Hall, London, hueommenoed the practice of bli profession «t Emly Park, Moonbool River._»4M« FOR Stopping Decayed Teeth.-The EruUMlCetaeat, for stepping Decayed Teeth, however large the cavity. It ii placed lu the tooth In a «oft «tate, without any pressure or pain, ami toon become« sa hard aa the enamel, and will remain Arm In tho tooth for many Î-ears, rendering extreatton nnneccuary, and arresting hi further progresa of decay. All penous can use the Cement thcinsclrc«, with cate, u full directions arc en- closed. At Mr. Eakells, Surgeon Dentist Collins street opposite the Mechanics' Institute. TMt MEDICAL.-Dr. Mahony, formerly In practice In Port Adelaide, may be consulted dally, at 142, FUudera-lanc, cut having commenced practice there. _88224 IMMIGRANTS AID SOCIETY-Notice I» hereby given, that tlie above Society hu organised » tem- porary Sick Ward and Dispensary, at Hie Houaelas« Im migrants' Home, Canvass Town, where Dr. Early may be cor lulled gratuitously dally from nlnu to cloven a.m., and medicines procured at moderate charges, or gratis In curs of destitution.-JAMES BLACKBURN, Hou Secretary. June 18th, 1863. »787 TO the Chemists, Druggists, and Surgeons or Col llngitood, Richmond, and »urroundlng neighbor- hood.-O. II. WILLIAMS, Wholesale Druggist, begi to Inform the tradu that he ha» now completed kia ar- rangement» for entering thoroughly Into tlie wholesale department and trusts by prompt attention to business and sppelylug every article of tho bent quality and at reasoutUe prices, to obtain a share of their support N.B.-The entrance to the wholesale warehouse ia from King William-street at the rear of the present premises, Great Brunswick- street Collingwood, Mel- bourne. 2084 AYE'S Worídcll Pilli may now be had wholesale, at 68, Little Colllnt-itrect, cut Wm. B. Taylor, agent_3080 AYE'S Infants' Restorative, wholesale, nt 88, tittie Colllnsstrcct, tut Wm. B. Taylor, ageut 3881 K Dil. IFFLA, recently one or the Phyalclan» to the Adelaide Hospital, may lie coiiiulted at hi» Nil deuce, 106,'Illmlori-luno, eut near lluiiell-itrcot. _4I«0 CARD-Dr P. Rae Mentir», Memt-cr or tho Royal Collcgoof Surgeon! or Edinburgh, lately medical blHccr or tlie city parilla or Glaigow, 1»), Bwauiton itreet, oppoilte tho Hoapltal. 6434 R. HALLETT, Member of the Royal College of Surgeons and of the Apothecaries' Company of London, Surgeon of the 5th Regiment of Jeraey Royal Militia; also, late surgeon to the West Herts County Infirmary, and Assistant Colonial Surgeon, Portland, &c.; Residence! Bmltli street, between Shepherds' Arm! »nd Collingwood Brewery, Collingwood. May be consulted dally, at one, at Mr. Ford'», Che- mlit, 87, Bwanitoii.i.treot. 4875 0 the Inhabitant! uid Clergy of Melbourne and Its virility. Eftlcaoioui cure for corns, bunion», callniltlei, etc., without catting or causltg the »lichtest pain, by Mr. Von MoppeJt, Chlroiiedlitfraiii tho Arm or Van Mep pelt and Sons, 105, Oxfoiit-strect, London. Mr. Van lleppidt'i system is ni onco novel and baled upon lung experience! It lins received the «motion of the nobility and gentry In England, ho having hy care- ful study and twenty-thrco yean' practico, rendered himself milter or that brunch or surgical art lu which be hat been m long engaged. May be consulted dully at 84, Colllni-itreet, eut, nexttothejlr»-iuollloo, from IO till 5, where upward! of 2000 tcithuuiilali may ho Impeded from medical gentlemen from all part« or England and Milbournr, which havo beca presented to him many yean alter attendance, Ladies and geu'.leinen attended at their own resi- dence, hy giving a day'! notice. Coniultatlon free._ 8973 Dil. M'CIIEANE, Burgeon and Accoucheur, lint commenced practico ut Sandridge, whero ha eui ibo consulted dully. 8640 DO you «Hirer from lllle 1 Aro you lu bad Health ? Havo you a Kick Herdach« ¡-Try Dr. Louis Law. -renco Smith'« Vegetable Atitlbllloui lilli, 187, Great ilourke.strcct, cait 11340 DR. LOUIS LAWRENCE SMITH, at homo fur CoiuiilUitlou Gratti, from s till 11, und from 6 (III 8. Dr. Louli L, Smith, 197, Great Uuurkcttrect, "ut. _11341 MEDICAL.-Richard linne«, Graduate of the Lou- don University, M.R.C.S.L., 12, Lontdulo-itroct, west i or may be compiled at Fell and Geddei.Cho. Ililli«, oppoilte the Theatre. 11311 TRY Dr. I.iiiiI» L. Billilli' or Cooling Opening Pill»,.... __..". .... Lout» Lawrence Smith, lu?, Great Uourko-atrcot. east. or Cooling Gi ii Lawrence 8m._ Agent-Mr, Keogh, l,oii»dalo.itro«t. |ÏHAUTIIUI. t'liiniiloxloii-Ko« laud's Knlydor, nu JJ» Oriental lliiliiiÉeal Préparai lou iifiiiifiilllu/relllenoy ¡ii i ir.dually ilU»l|iaiini; nil ri- duc«, tan, pimplo., »pul» ftu'Uis, mid nlhcr t'utniiiHiii» vliltiiilim« Minimini) to I'eiiiiiie llciiiity. Hi iviiisliuit uso will IraiMlhrni Um billon» und clouded eoiu|4>xUm In one of « healthy «ml Jiivcidlu Hourn, rendering iho »kin delicately clear and »HI, mid Irradiating with Iratupimiut wiiHoikm iho !! .'J'""!1"' «»'<«"" lind It nlhiy all Irilliilhin mid tendí- ilion of (ho skin, »ml render li soft, »mooth, mid plooiniit .". Tho «unis " Howland'» Knlydor," oro on tho Vi'i'tfZ: !'.'.''i1..4"- Ul1' I""' ''.«.». ft««" by Mr. HAMUIIL CIIOl'l', PorfimiiT, ¿ft, Cllubolh.alrvt't, aii'lhunriiu, 4823d rPO New Arrival».-If you havo «mall Invoices of *. mlioollaiiooui goodi, you cannot do bettor than Hit« Uiciu (« Uri AwUvU JtcVuii to? Gltetbetl; jereel. * fills AB RGUS OFFICE, GEELONG-A» Ottlça for the _%. A110US hat been opened in Malopjtreet, west, Geelong. All Letten and Communication« for the Paper, Advertisements, Orden for Job Printing, Ac., from turtles In Geelong and th« neighborhood, may be forwarded to that Office, tnd will meet with the promptest attention. WANTED, a flnt-ntoCook; «pply to Mr Storey Victoria Hotel, Geelong ; no ont need apply who cannot produce good teitbnonltli tram tom« Colonial tmployer._*4M2 R. GEORGE SHUTTLEWORTH, tete of Wal worth, London, who arrived at Melbourne, per »hip Hydcnbod, will oblige the nndenigned by for- warding immediately the parcel of leiten, «te-, ncelvcd by him from Mr. Joh« Garratt, to th« following addnui-Mr. John Garratt, Moorabool-ttreet, Geelong. 102*2 N' OTICE-To th» Settlen of the Murny district _?, and the publie In general-I hereby give nolle» that I never authorised Jame« M'Kollar, who wat ia my employment, to give orden or contract deute In my name ; and I shall not be responsible for any debtsi the above-named Individual, or any other penon, ma) have contneted In my name without my written order. HENRY BEATSON MORB1SON. Geelong. 302* AIL CONVEYANCE-ROUERT SEARLES, or Geelong, having becotno the Contractor for the line from Colac, through Geelong, to Buninyong aad Sura Rank, li ready to take utaaengen and parcels at the times appointed. . . Fare*. ». t. ou Geelong to Coito. 3 0 0 " " Buninyong . 3 0« " " Burn Bank . 4 10 . " " Balaant . 3 10 . Parcela 2t. ed. each lib. weight or under: Is. «xtra for every Jib Agent«-Mr. Wade, Geelong! Mr.-, Col« *ud Mr. Akehurst, Buninyong. ' 201» ST. HELEN'S Classical, Scientific, and Conuncrcia Academy, Corio Bay, Geelong. Dr. Hickson will rc-opcu the alnro institution on Monday, July loth, IBoi, fur tho rceoptlonof a limited numlier of gentlemen's sons, as hoarder« only. The arrangements are or a au pcrlor character, and the, paramount advantages of the locality for «ca.h.ithlng anJgeneral salubrity, »reunlver . tally acknowledged. I The pupils are required to bring with them at lea«; ' two lets or bed linen, and heir s-doxen towels distinctly marked. te«*». For tho»e under twelve yean ... *0 guineas Do above do. . 80 " No extras. Fee« quarterly In advance._2810 OUSE BAZAAR, Great R) rle-strcct, we»t, Geelong-Dally Salea of Stock, by Auction O'FARRELL tnd BON beg to inform thhelr utimerout friends tnd constituents, thtt they will, rrom this date, hold Sales by Auction Dally, at the Hon« Rasaar, or Hone», Quiet Cattle, Carte, Gigs, Carriages, Ac., eora mencinx each day at Twelve o'clock ; «nd that at their Sale Yard«, Ashby, adjoining th« Harp Inn, they will «Iso hold Bales or Fat Cattle, Sheep, and «II unbroken Stock, an any day of the week when required. Tho charge» arc made to the Vendor (none to the Purchaser), and are aa follow«, vit. .-An entrance tee or two »hilling» per head for »mall lot» or horses, bul- lock», and cow» (but large lot» are exempt from thl» charge), nnd roratulsalon tt tho rat« of five per cent, on the amount sale« At the Livery Stables in connexion with th« Bataar, Hones for Sale will receive the greatest care and atten- tion, sud, if told,« conslderabl« reduction will be made on the usual charge for keep. A »count and well watered Gran Paddock ha» been provided for the reception or Cattle and unbroken Horses walting a fixed day of «al«. Whilst Informing our friend« tnd cowtltocntt of hav- ing increased our da) s of sale, (which, previo« to the prêtent time, wera hold only on fin day« of the »ck,) and the other arrangements above-mentioned, we would beg to offer to them our sincere thank« for th« liberal inpport we have received aa Stock Agent* for th« tatt eight yean. Tlie general knowledge entertained by the public of our establishment, "and the long experience thoy har« had or our qualification» aa Stock Agente and Auc- tioneers (a branch or business to which we have devoted the greater part or our time and attention) renden any comment for the recommendation or either, quite unne ccssary. But we would request the attention or Stock holdcn to these arraugemente Just made. In connection with our establishment, and which, we consider, will be productlveorgre.it licncfit to them, In saving much of the expense and delay consequcat upon want of lmme díate accommo tatton for «took when brought for »»le, whilst wo can ulwa) s ensure the highest market price, which tho quantity of Stock weekly entrasted to our care for disposal, and the manner la which our «ales are at- tended, In proiwrtlon to other», will testify. Horse llasaar, Mareh 19th, 1833._201« OOPER'S ROYAL MAIL AND FAMILY HO TEL, comer of Yarra and Corio streets, near the Steamlsoat Pier. The proprietor In returning his most sincere thanks for the liberal patronage already experi euced from the most respectable Inhabitants of Goolong, Informs viators to this town that thoy w11! meet with all the comforts of an English hotel at bia establishment. Tho spacious dining saloon is sumptuously and ele- gantly furnished, and well adapted for public or private dinner parties. Dliiuen are «erred up dally in the most liberal atyle, regardltss of expense. Tlio bedrooms ara fitted up with «very attention to comfort. The «took of «rlnci, spirits, tnd English «let tnd por- ter, are mott carefully »elected, and unrivalled lo the colonie«. Terra« moderate. Bourn every day from twelve to two o'clock, a profened oook being eng igcd. EDWIN HOOPER, Ute of Beth, England. Galong, May 21st, »53._ «1*1 g~VUEK¡* S HBAir UUrTBL, Kyrie-street, wt»W \\_ VUitoratoU«elongwUlnnd««^«wteti«í«j»dex cefTeat bed«, with «r*rv attention to twtr iwatiwl, on reasonable terms._1»»»» MELBOURNE AND GEELONG ' EXPRESS. - The undersigned has citahllthed a commercial and business agency between Holbourne and Geelong, to be ttyled and known aa the Melbourne and Geelong Express. It will be conducted on the principles of th* Expresses so common and so highly valued In tho United States. Thl« Exprca« will convey and deliver by a tpoolal messenger, packages, parcels, samples, books, invoices, and papen of every description-articles which are too bulky for the mall, and too small to go aa rrelght. Also for taking and delivering orden,-paying and collecting accounts,-presenting bills of lulling-making entries at tho Custom House,-and for trausactlng any other business that may be required. Any one wishing information from either place, res. peeling the markets, or on any other mutter, can rely on its being promptly obtained by this Express, and at moderate chnrgei and business of this kind will be, If desired, strictly confidential. Notices of auotlon sales and other mercantile notices distributed at email charge. Leaving Melbourne every day, at 11 a.m. Geelong every day, at 10 tun. When desired, papen and parcels will be delivered the same day. All business entrusted to this agency will be trans- ected with fiddllly and despatch ; and tho proprietor hopes, by strlut attention and untiring effort«, to merit the confidence of tho public. Reference« of the highest respectability given. Melbourne, July 12th, 1833 II. A. BURDELL. OHlces In Melbourno: Mccormack and Son'a, Labor Market, 92, Great Bourko.street; P. Just »ad Co., Flliidcn-strcot, Otllee lu Geelong: O. C. Levey, ¡Itlboumt Morning lltrald Ofllco, Great II J ric-strect (near Uuur's). 4380 »ahile MetU»|. TO the Right Worshipful the Mayor of Melbourne, John Thomas Smith, Esq., M L.C. We, the undersigned, cltlr.cn» tnd Inhabltante of Melbourno and Its 'Vicinity, viewing with deep pain and regret tho disease. Immorality, poverty tnd crime which follow upon the extensive use of Intoxicating drinks, and the small restraint! which all meant hither- to employed have exerted upon the habite of the com munlty Ininti respect, do rcquost your Worship will conveuo a meeting of tho citizens of Melbourne for the purpose of memorlaliclng the Lcglilature or Ih« Colony to take Into consideration the evils resulting from the licensing syitom, a-d to adopt such measures ti may be deemed necessary for tlietr effitotual surpression. John Singleton, M.D. D. I. Hosey, 0, E. à L. 8. Fred. Daniel Surgeon William lirado Johu M. Milton, V. D.M.William Wlllcook and M.D. Robert Marshall Charles Vaughan II. Burrell Charles C. Dunn F. W. Birmingham Homy A. Orr Henrv II. Ogllvy Robert WilUami John Harrte II lltrnett, surgeon Edwtrd Berry Edwtrd Grivet Mayne, Jamo« Ormond barrister James Keeblo G. I Illa, M. D. Thomas Taylor Robert Gataghar John Unity Thomas Roberts Ii. M'Lcan John Aldcorn Walter Powell Edwin Hailing« James A. Clowcs.mWster Ardrew Aldcorn, M.D. of Bt. Mark'», Colllng Alexandor Morlaon, ml- wood nliter Hugh Nixon David V. Wilkie, M,D. Ferdinand Foreman John Smith J. W. Bell J. Tankard Benjamin Cockor Henry Charles Curtis, Jame» Kay surjnoo.' Charles .Hetherington David Seddon, minister or Strauol Steele, 'Colling. tho.Church or England, wood Bt. Kilda II, ai y Howlett, surgeon ClollniCainiJbcn Wm. Gray Theodore Budd, minister William Robinson or St. John a Church JosephiGallop II. II. P. lluidueld, min Thomas Hilling liter or St Peter'» John Phillip» Church. Melbourne II. Langlindt Louis A. linker, aulitant Juhn WhewclL Wetleyan minister of Bt. Paul's minister HouertGoodwIn.tkorctnry O. W.Johnson of the Church of Eng. Joseph Towntnd, mlnlitor land Association for pro- John 0. Bnrtt motlng Tvmptratc« B. Lloyd Chas«, mkibler George Mackay, L.L.D. of St. Paul'» James Clow, mlulstor William Butten, Vos Hugh Templeton leytn mlulstor John Hide, minister W. tnd R. Little, Calilos Win. Gardner ttnet William Campbell Irving Hetherington, au!. Joioph Sptldlug Clothier nliter Henry Oibora« Thoina» Odell, wlnliter John Reid, nilulstar J. Phillip», M.lt.C.H.E. Thoms» Wattoa J. M. Walker John S. Cragg HT. Henry Cook», M.D., William Vttiiot Klng-itratt J. D. Blookt Joseph Bltck,M.D"H.K.O. Georgt Wardley S. E, Jatnci Prloe Liwlt Juba Lush Chat. Wm. Drown M. Miller Joicph Beale Gentlemen.-I hereby conveno a publlo meeting of til» Colonist! for Tttcday next, Atgust 2nd, 1833, at savin o'clock, prooltoly, at tho Mechtnlot' lnilltutlon, Golllns-streot, for Hie oonildcrttlon of tin inhjoot re forrad to In tho above requisition. J. T. SMITH, Mayor, Queen.itrcet July 28lh, IM3_1IM3 MECHANICS' INSTITUTION AND SCHOOL , OF ARTS. - Spcoltil Ueuoral Meeting or the Mcmben.-On Friday, 12th Auguit, a Special flenorsl Meeting of Um uomben or the Initltutlon will be hold In the Leoturcroom, forth« purpose of considering tnd dctorinlnlng ou «itttcri relativ« to the oxtonilon «nd Improvement of tilt lnilltutlon, and for (ho oontliUra. tlon or a motion and »intndmont of tilt Coniunttct or Management, lo referan«« to th* sams, T» Mwtlng will In otenod at tight o'clock, r.M. JAMES FATlKHSON.BttrMary. .»ir mu», m*. '""'. °-M-r»r' MH AfaaetM. c NOTICE-Th« following parti«» hav« been »p polnted agnte for the Arm, and are »»U»ri»ed te collect monies and receive orden for the paper, ana for »d»«rtIieme»U, In th«Ir wveral localitlei : J. M. Main, Malop-itnet, west..Geelong. A. Brown .ÍW?, John B. Spence.Adelaide. _I J. Waloh and Son, Wellington Bridge, H»bert Town. . . Colin N. Campbell . I^mceiton. Thouin« Finn.ï0,1?1*.1"1' Wm. Fuller .»«!_«*. . . J.PIrklngton.Warrnambool. John Elliot .Barwon. Wm.Douglu.Kyneton, D. A. Bcath .2fnK"i t David Oiwald.Fiery Cnek, J.H.Mather.Oyen«. Ja«. Kirby .G Çnclg. Hugh Swann .?""lor,V,.«» H. Jame» .Bûchai Marih. J.W. Orce» .S"1**^' a. R. J. Howard .forcit Creefc Devil and Chaffey . *_PR»»" Olenrt» Mason and Culicy . William»»»». A. J. Beat .Collingwood. Arthur Dyson.Coll ngaood. II. Baker .Heidelberg. Mestrs. Creiiwell and Co. ... Pr»hTn Henry Harrli.2*ndri,,?'. George F. Pryee . Sfl,r,«de; J. E. Turner .Richmond. William John Morrl». Giiborn». J. J. Walsh, 939, Elixabeth-ttreet D. Urquhart 74, Collln»-»treet , Sanndcn anil SUmrord, », Charing Croe«, London. At the establishment« or the «gent» In Geelong, Sydney, Launceston, Forest Creek, and Hobart JTown, .cecil to file« or the -frew» m»y »Iwqy« be obUlneil. ARGUS AGENCY, Colllni-itrect west-Me»«n. PETER ROBERTSON «nd CO., New« Agent«, ColIlM-street we»t opposite th« Market- square, have been appointed Ageuta fur th« -tryau, aud will from thl» date receive Advertiienunt* for lUMrtion In that Journal. January 14th, 1863._ OT1CË-Some Inconvenience being experienced by th« distance of tlie Arfiu Office fram tile Wharf» and Weatern end or tho city, advcrllien ead otlien are Informed that arrangement» have been made with Mr.' JAMES WILLIAMS, Paper Ruler, Account Book Maker, «Ve., next door to the Royal Exchange Hotel, Colllni-itrect, at whole »hop advertisement» and other communication» for tlie Arpul may be left till eight o'clock In the evening. New «ubscrlben may leave their names with Mr. William», and he will alió hav« .Ingle coplei of the paper conitantly on ule._ rflO Publican» and Others.-Joseph W. Lovell, Va. I luster and Appraiser, can be seen daily, from twelve o'clock uutll three p.m., at Mr. Thomas Lewis'!, Watch and Clock Maker, No. «3, EUubeth-stnet Mel bourne. _^ _«»»« IAKD -Janie» Wattcnon, Laud Agent Valuator, v>/ Stock »ml Station Saleaman, and General Broker, Lloyd'» Exchange, Colllna-etrcet, Melbourne. Intro- duced by James Slminon, Etq._7442 ARTIES desirous or returning to England, or of proceeding to any of the neighboring colonie«, may Insure » ufe and «innly patssgs by applying to Boody and Jones, General Shipping and Commiaiion Agente, 33, Elltalielh-street_»78» BALL ALLEY, Store, «nd Salo Room, oppotlte th« Riling Bun publlc-houe. Little llourke-ati'et, eut-JOHN HURREY, Auctioneer, 107, Elisabeth street begs to Inform inqiorten of British and American merchandise and coloidal produce, that having taken pouession of the above commodlou«, dry and centrally situated premises, which are capable or .toring about 1200 ton» measurement of gooda, h« will be happy to take charge of any quantity of merchandl»« or colonial produce Intended for immediate ule, without making any charge for rent or storage or ume ; and he confi- dently trusts that his exertions to serve hil employers, and to make the heit price or everything placed In hi» hand», together irith an irmuediate settlement or eli accounts, will secure to him a liberal than or public lupport to merit which will be hu oonstant .tudy. A publ lo Bale will l>e holden at th ne Stores every Tun- da)- ind Friday on Ihe wlmlcule tyttem, but I» lot! to tuft the convenience of the trade In general. Tho Rooms in Elisabeth street will lie open u usual for the daily sale hy auction of small consignments of goods, town and country properties, household furni- ture, sad miscellaneous articles, and th» ume attention will continue to be paid to selling estate« either st the rooms, or on tlie premises of bl» employer« u heretofore. _3808 NOTICE. -Matthew M'Caw A Co., Auctioneers, Commlulon Agents, Livery Stable Keepers, sod Corn Deslcn, respectfully return their sincere thanks to their Friends ant the Publia for the favor which they havo reçoit ed, and beg to Intimate that they have di«, posed or their premises and builne«« to Ileura Weter lioute mid Analow, who will continus the same in all it» branches. Melin. M'C. A Co. have the greatest confidence In introducing their lucceuon, Mcun. W. A A., «nd have no doubt that they will glv« general utlifactlou, a» they are both buiinrM men, and liare a thorough knowledge of hone »took, etc. ; and they will now be able to conduct the husliieia in a Ityle which hu been hitherto quite beyond our reach, the whole of the man- agement formerly having devolved upon Mr. M'Caw alone. - WATERHOUSE A ANSLOW having ancceeded to the almve butine«», trutt by ttrict attention to the intereits of their friend» and the public, to merit a con- tinuance of those favors which have been so liberally bestowed upon their prcdcce-ion. N.B.-Mr. M'Caw ha» kindly contented to remain «nd render «very aulttanc« In hi« power, for three month«._M384H EDWARD NEWTON JOSEPH, Importer »Ml gene, ral merchant, ann commission aaent Mew«*« JO. PYLE, Auctioneer and Comm! »Io» Agent e Charlei-atmt Lamtccjton-Consignment» re* celved; prompt returns, with reasonable charge«. Storage gratis, for one month. Inttmcllnni for purchailng Coloidal Produce attended to. If recovered hy a remittance. Launceston, January I, leis. 8Tt» A CARD.-To Land Pronricton, Bettlet s. Store- keeper», Wholesale ami Retail Dealen, Dlggen, mid Others.-Mr. Itobcjt Goodwin, 90, Filndcn-lane, Flour, Gold, and Land Agent and Factor. Comnrli »InntforthoDlgglngi, Geelong, Hobart Town, Ade- laide, Swan River, Sydney, India, the United State», Pari», and England.-Import«, Ei|wrt«, A. 389 BOWNE, KENNEDY, and Co., Shipping and Commission Agents, St John-street Launceston. Van Dlcuun't Land produce purchased on commis- sion. Henry Norman Browne, late «gent for th» Victoria Gold Escort Company at Forest Creek, and Chark« Quinton Kennedy, or Launceston, hating communuud business u above, solicit the tuppnrt or their friends and the public. 7436 OTICE. - CHAMIIEltS and BOURNE, Auc tlouecn and General Agents, Filnden-itrect (one door east from Quocn-itrect), beg to Inform the public that they are prepared to effect Sales of »11 de- scription» of Merchandl!« and Colonial Produce, either privately or by PUBLIC AUCTION. Timber (usorted) sud Colonial Produce always on hand. Goods stored. 8765 TO Now Arrivals.-All partie« having Engltih goods to dlipoio of will find It to their advantage to apply to Soady and Jones, General Agent!, 33, Ellu bcth-itrci-t »768 GENTS Wanted, for the Sale of John Kaye'»' Patent Medicine», for Melbourne and iiu-roundlng towni; apply to Wm. B. Taylor, wholesale agent 68, Little Collins-street, eut_ 3862 TO tho Drapen of Melbourne, Geelong, Port Fairy Warrnambool, and Country Storckcepen generally. Gentlemen,-I deilro to thank you for tho large mea ann of lupport that 1 hare received at your hand». My aim liai been to bring my Engllih and Colonial experience -lo bear In e»tabllahlng a large wholeule drapery, »lop, and hosiery trade | in which I have been eminently lucceiiful. I lieg to «ppriic you that from thli date Mr. John King will be connected with mo at a purtnor to the business; and it affords me great plonuro In thui pro .entlng hliu to you, known, u he hat been, to mast of my friend« during the past twelve months. Hil prac- tical knowledge or tile London, Mancheater, Yorkshire, and Scotch musket», fully qualify him, in conjunction with myself, to prepare onlen In detail for the guidance or our home huyera, In the purchase of those clines of goodi which have heretofore secured your valued approval. It will be the «ndoavor of the new firm to secure the continuance of your »upport ; and by extended Importa- tion» to meet tile Increased demand! or the colony. Gentlemen, I remain youn. Respectfully «nd obliged, FREDK. J. SAROOOD. The builne»» of the now firm will bo conducted under the »lyle ofBAROOOD, KING. AND CO. 881 NOTICE.-ViotorlalKpoiltory and Salo Yardi, ad Joining the Royal Hotel, 1'lper.itnet Edward Ron and Co. lieg to In fu rm their friend» «ud tho nubllo generally, that thoy will hold, from and after tho lit Augu»t publia «alci of horte», and of »lock of all do toriptliina, dray», ile, at tho above preuiltei, every Tuenluy, at tirclvo o'clock noon. N.B. It I» requested that written Initrnctlont, eon. tainlng brand», ago», qualification», and the amount of reservo, If any, on stock or horses, be left at tlie office previous to tho hour of ule. E. Rou and Co. olio beg tu in - -' -lr friend! and tho public, that tholr »tabling li t .o he equalled lu Kyneton, bob g ready to accommodate 80 hone» with »Ingle Itali», both open and cloie. E. Rou and Co. having grown »uSotcnt forage tatt 0'car to »npply their »tabling, arc prepared to give every .atltfictlon to thoiu who may favor them with their euttom. Victoria Rcpoiltnry and Salo Yardi, Kyneton, 84th July, 18S3 11430 LAND and 1 louie» taken on Comiiiliilnn, to Sell, by a highly reipectable person. Ternui advortliliig, drawing up agreement, and »alo, fi per cent. ; apply at Prlnoo'i Blore, Moor-street, Collingwood. 1100» WOHLE Y Brothers, General Agent». Goodland Luggage carted aud »tored. Office-Spcnoer itreet, near tlie I'lngttuir._nain STEAM.SIIIPand Sailing VeuelOtilo«-F.S. Gray, Ship Agent Ac, Wllllam.ttreot, MarkeMquaro. Falange» »»cured by Arti vcaicli to England, Sydney, Adelaide, Van Dlomeu'i Lund, «to. 11,170 rftENNENT'S . X Agent» fur ... _. _._" _. _ Kirk Brewery, Olo»gnv, aro lu tho receipt of regular auiplie» of their beer and porter. DICKSON, GIL CHRIST ¿t Co., (.ucen.itrcet. «It» E. IIOHLYN, Gold lluycr and Coaimltalon e Agent, View Point, Bendigo. 4081 rpilE Exhibition QrnaruentalWrouBht Iron Safe.-To X be Kjfllcd, a» »oou »i predicable, a iplindld Or namintal Wrought Iras. Safe, by 20 memben at U each It can be «mo at th« »tero or Nlcur». J A J, Hinnetti, corner of ninden-laue and Wlillam-itnet, where th« name» of Intended member» will be taken. Tho abovo »are li tho only one In th« colony of the description, »nd wu exhibited In 18tl at the Grut Exhibition lu London, whon Iho »nterprliing matiufuturer (Mr. Longfield) «ui »wanted a gold mad»). It li on» ci the moat ornament«! nnd chaste piece« of wrought Iron work thut could hu executed by th« kind« of man, and, li well worth the Immediate Inipeotloa of thote gentío. ' mon whoarojudgoi of a rosily migulicont pleca of workmanllilp, J. 11. HELLEKER. VlMI f|"l NSM1TII Jobbing done on reasonable teran, by 1 Jl4MCunia4hsa,KiilRui«tU-itr*»i, Mttt ( TUE ¿ALLE DE VALENTINO, Uto Nobto'tClreas, top of Bourke-»treet, «ast. Grand Promenade vloncjrt «very evening. Admlnlon, One Shilling. Proprietor, Mr. James Ellis, of Cremornt Gardent^ YOU will I»»» a moat agreeable evening at lb« Sallo de Valentino. Grend Promenade Concert com. monee« at half put »«vcn o'clock. AdmlMlon Ou« Shilling._UMI YOU »111 hear the bett Band In the Colony at tho Balle de Valentino. Voctllite - Ml« Loulta I Urie, Ml» Bourne, Ml« There«» Shirley, »nd Mr. Barlow, every «vening. Adnilulon, Ona Shilling.^ YOU will hear the Initnlubte Barlow, with hi» new Vocal Song», lil« Nigger peculiarltie», »nd hi« Rock lUmwnleon, at tin Stile do Yaleutluo. Adttl» tlon. One ShllUng._;_"803 YOU will meet all your friend* at the Ball« de Valentino In tho evening. Everybody guee there! No more dull evening«! Grand Promenade Conçoit. AdmlMlon One Shilling._1»«« WHERE'S the Balle d« Valtntlnol Atth« Circuí, (Ute Noble's), top of Bonrke-street, ea»t. Pro prietar. Jame» EUI», or Cremorne Garden». Optn every evening. Admlnlon, One Shilling. 1U0» H ORE'S unrivalled Sax« Horn Band.-J. Hove ra turn» bl» »lacer» thank* for pa«t ftvort «»nforred «n him, and rcspectr«lly Informa tha gentry »ml public af Victoria, that bl» band la open to engagements, both for uieinlily and pleasure trip«, when the new««t «nd mo«t mmUr taat,e wl" °» performed. Adjoining th* Werie) aa Chapel, Brantwlck- street, Collingwood. GRAND BALL, Protestant Hall, Tuesday next Auguit 2nd, for the Benefit or Mr. George Chap man. Gentlemen'« tickets, UM. ed., with the privilege of Introducing two ladies. I HIT MECHANICS' INSTITUTION; Wednesday even lng Lectures-On Wednesday next, the 3rd August, a Lectura will be delivered by Mr. W. B. Gibbon«, on Combustion, ami the source« or Light and Heat, illustrated by numerous Experiment«. The Lecture will begin at 8 o'clock «xactly. Th« members will have free admlnlon, on thiwlng their tickets. Non mendiera admitted, on payment of Is. each. _._"MT wttmtmttaswl. COLLINGWOOD Boarding Behool.-Rev. II. Templeton, hiving taken larger premian, can accommodât« a few additional Boarder», whom he treats aa his own family. Class-room, Nipter-atreit Church. Term« moderate. »833 IANOFORTE-A few Pupils will lie received by Mn. Stobie, Great Brunswick-street, Colling- wood. Cottage third door from Gertrude-street, on the right going down. Terms, three guineas per quarter. MUSICAL Tuition.- Mr. H. W. Ruxton, Professor of Music, late member or Philharmonic Society, Liverpool, pupil or J. B. Chatterton (harpist to Hie Queen), and or Henri Rossellen (the celebrated pianist), beg« respectfully to ita te that he haa commenced giviug lessons on the Pianoforte, Harp, Organ, and Singing, each of which he hu successfully taught in Liverpool for the lut eight year», and trusts thnt the Inhabitant» or Melbourne will favor bim with a »hare of their »up port. Fur term», reference», Ac, apply to Mr. J Wilkie, Muilc-uller, Colllns-streeL 10403 PARENTAL Academy.-Rev. W. Morton open« the above on Monday, Mb August, lu the School room of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, La Trobe-ttreet, east. "Terms moderate. References are kindly per- mltted to John Singleton, Esq., M D ; Rev. W. But. tera ; George Mackay, L.L.D. ; and Rev. A. M. Rauraty. N.B. An evening clan for Greek or Hebrew, and reading the New »nd Old Testament». The attention n*> young men and local preachers I» especially Invited to this c1»»»- Mr. Mort m may be consulted on Monday «ven- ing, 61 h August, from T till », or on any tabtequent dty. In the above-named place. 11447 EDUCATION.-One or two young person», whoa« early instruction may har« bean neglected, caa Improve theruulvei with a Widow Lady accustomed to tuition ; address Mn, A., Post Office, Collingwood. 1*874 tav tfHom. NOTICE I« hereby given, thtt by tn Indenture of assignment bearing date the twenty -fifth day of July, one thousand eight hundred at d ilfty-three, and made bctwren John Nspokon Reynold«, or the City of Melbourne, In th« Colony of Victoria, merchant, of the Ant part. George Symons, of Melbourne, aforesaid, auctioneer. William Middleton Tennent, of Melbourne, aforesaid, auctioneer, and Michael Canina, of Mel bourne, sfbresald, merchaut, of thesecond part, aad the several other persons (or agent« In that behalf duly authorised) who should thereunto let Hair Dames ami seals, creditors of the said John Napoleon Reynold«, or the third part ; the «aid John Napoleon Reynolds did assign unto the said George Symons, William Middle- ton Tennent, and Michael Cassini, their executors, administrator», and assigns, all th« personal «state and «fleet« whatsoever and wheresoever, or him, the uid John Napoleon Reynolds (wearing apparel anti neces s»rle» to an amount not exceeding twenty five pound« only excepted) In trait for the benefit of all th« credi- ton or the laid John Napoleon Reynold«. And notice Is hereby further given, that the «aid Indenture ni executed by the laid John Napoleon Reynold«, George Symon«, William Middleton Tennent, and Michael Canina reapectltaly. on the twenty-iifth day of July, in th« year or oar Lord «a thousand right hundred and fifty-three, in th« Dreteac« of aad attested by, Joaathaa BTato Wat«, c/Malbara«. ilVIllU lilli of, Mewn. Daabtr and Macoboy, «2, Chaneery.lane, in the «Id City, twllcftora, for th» iMpectloa of and execut on by the Mid crediton of th« «aid John Napoleon Reynold«, or thtir agents in that behalf duly au thorlted Dated thti twenty-eighth dty of July, A.D. lu. J. N. REYNOLDS, W. M. TENNENT. O. SYMONS, M. CA83IN8. Witness, J. B. Were, J.P. 11404 rmttmnwhitm. OTICE-Partnenblp-Th« undenlgned beg« to notify thtt ho hu taken Mr. Alfred BUit into iiurtnenhlp, and that the baslneu will from this date be carrtod on under the name» of Dixon and Bliss, u Auctioneers, House, Land, and Commission Agents. He alto takes this opportunity of thanking thow friend» who have so kindly supported him durtag his long reiidence In the colony, and assure* them that nothing shall be wanting on the part «f the firm, to give future patrons every utlsfactlon In the transaction of any biiiincu they may b« entrusted with.-WILLIAM DIXON. Bl, Queen-street, 18th July, 1H83._M2* DISSOLUTION of Partnership - The Business car- ried on by Macartney and Galbraith, (formerly Campbell and Macartney), at No. 30, Collins-street, west, as Engravers and Lithographers, has been this day dissolved by mutual content. WILLIAM MACARTNEY. WILLIAM GALBRAITH. Witness -Thomas Dowling. Melbourne, July 16, 1853. The business will now be carried on under the name and firm of JAMES S. CAMPBELL and Co., who are authorised to receive and pay all debt due to and by the firm of Macartney and Galbraith. In reference to the above notice, we beg to state, that having engaged efficient workmen from London and Germany, we are enabled to undertake and execute with despatch all ordes we may be favored with. JAMES B. CAMPBELL and Co., Engravers and Lithographers, 30, Collins-street, west. 6774 OTICE-I hav* thl* day admitted Into Partner .hip. my Nephew, Mr. William Wilton Tickle. Tho builireaa will from thl» date be com!acted under the .firm and stylo of Alexander Wilton, Nephew, tnd Co., u Merchant« and Shipping Agent«. ALEXANDER WILSON. Fllnden-itreet, Melbourne, July lit, 1833. 3*4 NOTICE.-The undenlgned harlngttken Into par nenhlp hi» brother Mr. George Millet Nanto», the business » ill In future be conducted under the style and firm or NANTES BROTHERS A CO., from and after the 1st day of July Instant Signed, CHARLES NANTES. Geelong, 4th July, IM3. All account« due by the above Charles Nantes lo that date, aro requested lo be sent In for Immediate payment, and all parties Indebted to him art requested to settle their rcs|icctlv« account« on or before th« Malay of Auguet next,_ 1908 B COCKER haa th« pleasure of informing hTs . friend» that Mr. William Cocker, late of the Union Bank, ha» till» day been taken into Partnenblp, and the business or the homo will in future be con- ducted under the firm of COCKER, BROTHERS. »8, Little Colllns-strcct, cut, Melbourne, _14th July, 1863. B6C0 NOTICE. - The Widow of the late C. W. Rowling begs to inform the public that the business hith- erto carried on under the style of Rowling and Phillips, will in future be conducted by the surviving partner. Mr. Phillips on their Joint account, under the firm of ROWLING and PHILLIPS, 228 Elizabeth-street. July 25th, 4853 11 MEL1ÏÏÏÏ KNE, 1st July. 1833. - From the tbovo dato tho bnslnctr conducted by tho undenlgned at Cole'i.wharf, will be carried on by the firm of Cole, llruce und Norton, tho two latter gentlemen having been admitted u partner» with GEOltOE WARD COLB. _11130 _Owl«. W«M)t, TtUlwW, «to. ADVANCES on Gold Dust, «to-The andenlgnod will make liberal advance« on Wool, Tallow, and Gold Dutt, conalguod to Mewn. Rcdrernaiid Alexander, 33, Great Wlucheitor-ttreet, Loudon. THOMAS AND RUW, 41, Mtrkct-tquare, _ 14527 -P.lflflA T0, iinJ «Po» «ood »oourlty; apply *lVUU to J. Davit, auctioneer, », Great Collins root, eut._ M401 .*?9A ÍÍÍÍÍÍ ,I,IB. ¡Hw*ttrn*d "? Inttructed to ósV.ÚUtUlsV« Inreat tho abovo tutu In tho purchase of good Improved City or Buburba« Property. Parties having any property of thl» deiorintlon for dlapotal, will please to communicate forthwith. P. DAVIS and CO., C1 ly Mart, 4», Colilimtrcut, eut. S29S ADVANCES-Liberal advanoea »ado on couilgn. mont« hy Hutley, Bond and Hale, comer of Collin» and Wllllam-ttroett. Consignments solicited to tht houto of Hunty, Boad and liait in Ban Fran elico,Ctllfornlt. _ §4*3 NOTICE to Hütchen «nn Other».-Tho undenlgned «re purchasen of mutton and beer fat, ami tallow, at tk« market prim, delivered at their store«, », Lons. dalejtMe^wtst.nndat their work», Kensington, near Flemington, DENN and CO. " 1,33* r|10 til» Settlen of th» Western District-Wool J. Th» Haderslgnad I» a cub purchaser or tho «miling »eatou'a clip. Arthur Uoauoluuup, Belfast, port Fairy. ____«»«I» THE Undersigned tra prepared to purchase or maka adranoei ou til detorlptlont of Coloaltl Prodtioi consigned to their Mindi. Menu. Baring, Brothtn, tnd Co. OOODMAM t> UMPHELUY, «, Collin» »treet _ »UM fpilK undersigned will molo» Advance» on Produce or J Gold.Dmt, to tho conilgnwoiit of their Mond» In l-owlon. Llvorpool, or Bristol. MUtilIT, BROTHERS, A Co., tt, KlltabctU-ltMCt, alto July, UM, 1(404. CA «?total* at«»«l «*.»»»>?»>?« «*?«??. rnHB Great Britein lintel, Fllndcn-itreet Wh»rf 1 RICHARD EVANS HILL begs to Intímatelo lili friend! «nd tíu commercial publlo of Melbourne, that ha huiuccecded Mr. W. Pelling u proprietor of the above commodious and well- ittuated hotel ; and ' while «olleitlng their patronage, ho «stures Ihem that no effort ihall be wanting on hi« part to merit th« um«. Illa atook or wine« and «pirlta ha« boen replenished with the choicest assortuunt th« market could offer; while hil bottled and draught ale and porter an of the bett and moat approved brandi. Commercial Gentlemen will lind that arrangement« have been made for afford, ing the accommodation« »o «ucnllally necessary to thlf luuineii locality, _ . Settlen and Gentlemen from the Interior, whoto builncu re. quires their occulonal presence In the metrópoli! of Victoria, will meet with all tho comforts or home ¡while the proximity of thl« hotel to the principal wool and produce marts, renden It eminently «uitcd to their requirement«. _ _ , , To Captain« of Veno]«, and othen of maritime puriults, this hotel itandiA 1 for good iltuatlon, good wines, »nd good far«. Famille« newly arrived ara re»pectfully reminded that they may go further and fare won«-the proprietor having. III the varied alter, attona and Improvement» he hu effected, paid «special regard to the comfort« required after a long »ea voyage. An Ordinary «very day at one o'clock. Min LEN LYON INN, Western Port Dlttrlct, four mile« from 8pring Creek Digging«, and eight from Ballon'Creek.-C. R- Phillip« beg« to Intimate to his frieode and th« pabilo, tliat h« hu purchased the abor« premise«, «nd obtained th« tranifer from Mr. Murray, and that It li u replete a« poislbl« with «very attraction. The house affords amid« accommodation for travellers, the iltuatlon li one of the moit healthy ami delightful In the neighborhood, and the proprietor reel! auured that the arrangement! will b» found inch u cannot fall to Insure the entire approbation of those who may honor him with their patronage. Neither pains nor expense have been iparcd In securing a Ant rate stock, and th« service or efflclcut servants to carry ont th« object or the proprietor, to Keora ulUfnotlon to Good Stabling and an «xtentive Paddock well watered by the Loddon, which runs through It Biggera', Hone* taken In »t 10«. lier week.____»_____ «APE Restaurant de Parti -Patisserie, Française, U Anglaise, Allemande, Italienne, by Charle« P. Fasscrt 33, Swansten-street, Melbourne, opposite th« Bank or Victoria.-I beg respectfully to announce to th« Ladle«, Gentlemen, and the Public In general of Melbourne, and Ita vicinity, that I have purchaied and renewed the eitablUhraent or the above address, which will be found replete with all that modern at can fur nl»h to gratify the tute, and promote the comfort of my numerous visitón, end the Inhabitante ot the colony; and In «olleitlng their kind patronage, I beg to aaiure them that no effort and exertion will be wanting to tecun for thl« «plendid Saloon tlie reputation which ha» »o largely attended my European and American experience. I respectfully solicit your kind patronage, and remain your obedient lemont, CHARLES P. FASSERT. Elegance, cleanllnen, comfort, and civility will be itrletly obterved. Breakfast», luncheon, din nen, »upper», and evening partie« »upplied. The mast dellciousEngllah, French, German and Italian huirles alwayi ready. French iweet-cakee and fancy biscuits of all sorts. Wedding breakfatte and dlnnen prepared on the shortest notice. Coffee, tea, chocolate, and re- freshments »t all hour«. The Confectionery Saloon I« exclusively devoted to the Ladies, or Gentlemen with Ladlei, for all »ort« of refreshment_»8»T HE Oxford Unlrenlty and City Coffee Hotel Thomu C. Goillng lieg« respectfully to announce to hi« friends and th« public generally, tint In order to meet the requirement» or ladies, gentlemen, and ramllie» arriving at thl« th« great centre of the gold field*, end th« auls» town for «arroundlng dlitricta, he has built new larg« and commodious premises In Littleton .treet near th« Presbyterian Church, and within one minute'» walk « f th« Market, where, by itrict attention to the comfort and convenience of hi« guetta, h» hope» to be favored with a liberal amount of patronag«. An Ordinary at 2 p.m. rT.B-Good Beds and ¿tabling. Castlemaine. March 22nd, 186X_8811 OVENS ROAD-Travellera are Informed that on and after the lit July next «rood accommodation, first-rate wlnaa, spirits, »nd refreshments, will be «up. plled »t Um mi township of Greta, formerly known a» th» Fifteen Milo Creek, Situated half-way between Bena'la and Wangaratta, where a publican's general license hu been granted to Mr. A. M. Holway, under the tlgn of the GOLD-SEEKERS' INN. Mr. Holway being well acquainted with the require menti or traveller« to and from the gold-fields, trust! by itrict attention «nd equal civility to all classes, to merit the support of the publlo travelling on thl» road. Blah"-?, har, corn, »tock-yardi, paddocks. 97<8 ICK AND SHOVEL INN, M'lvur-road-W11 Ham Percival), of Kilmore, beg» mott respect, tully to inform tho poblio that he hu purchased the above Inn, and the Tourbourle Station, lately occupied by Mr. John Holmes, and trusta by attention to the want» of hi» customers, to merit a share of publlo support W. P. Intends making Improvement« upon tho pre ml«c» forthwith, for the better accommedstlon of his patrons. July 1st, 1868. 287« OYAL MAIL HOTEL, BUNINYONG.-Janie« Porter reapectfully beg« to snnounce to hil friend! and the public, that the above establlihment Is now open for their reception, sod trulls that the arrangement» that have been made to «name the comfort of all partie! .iiiting the house, will iccure bim a fair «har« of patron age and support. Th« premia** having been erected for U»«ipnu parpo««, »nJ rafeadle*« of expeuse, will be rosud lefsVu with «very co«T»id»uu, pni»ml»g nara ¡¿^^ércZtR-^^fto'pKM* Mr «pared in «electing a itock or wine» and «pirti» of «very variety, and of th« but quality. Ale* and porter of Um bett brandi, In draught awl rattle. Good »tabling, and a »mall secure paddock for the convenience of partltf travelling with stock.. Pair-hone vehicles for town, o «ut of the Diggings, alwayi In readiness. yUt 1.153. I»»« ?.rs«4t, atkMi», Oattxo, «a«. NE of the beat fattening run« In the Blllcbotig district, willi 18,000 Fat Sheep. - The run li estimated to deputure 18,000, «nd tlio iheep now d». puturiug thereon, conaiit of about »600 weihen and about 2600 ewe«, th« greater part of which are no« In prime condition. Apply to BEAK A SON, Queen-street, Melbourne. _»til A DRAUGHT Hore* for Sale, warranted »launch lo the collar ; apply to Fraucit Lukey, Nnpler-itreet, Collingwood, oppoilte Mr. Blackett'», chemltt »36» LARGE extent of Winter Sheep Country.-Bear and Son hare been iuitruetcd to offer for ni* an extent of country capable of fattening In th« winter »ea- ton almost any number of «beep, described u follow» ; -Commencing at the north wut corner of O. P. Ball» ron, and bounded on the «outh by a lina bearing weil »boat twenty mile«, on the weat by a line bearing north about twenty-four mile« to the »outh wnt corner of Staubridge'« run, on the north partly by Stanbridge'« run, and a continuation of Iii loulhern bounder)-, a lina catt about twenty mile«, and on the cut by a line bear. Ing »outh about twenty-four mile« to th« point of com mencement BEAR«V80N._«08 BREEDING EWES-For nie, on the itetlon of the undenlgned, Seymour, Goulburn Uiver, »100 «neap, a» under ; 8200 4 and . tooth «WM MO full mouth do, And 360 4 and « tooth wether». 3100 head. Warranted never to have been diseased, NICHOL- SON «ROACH, or Mr. JOHN MACKENZIE, gueen .treet «l8« SHEEP for Sale.-About 4800 «hcop, with a very heavy tleeco of the finett wool, and perfectly clean. Thoy aro of both »exe», with about 800 iambi, now dropped, and »everal hundred to drop. About 200» fit for the bulcher. Will be allowed to remain upon their present run to 1st November next Apply In Mel- bourne to Mr. J. II. M'Parlano, at l63, Great Collins SHEEP and Station-Drew and M'Kean have re eclved lnitructlon« from the proprietor to »eil a »plendid rattening Station on the Billobong. Tho aheep consist or 3000 splendid aged wether 600 mixed ewe» aud wether«, from 3 to 8 year \- old 380O Ono dray, with Tour bullock», stock-hone, Ac, given In with the Station. The sheen arc guaranteed free from disease. The Station li of tlie most fattening description, composed entirely of plains, and embraces a Urge frontag« to tho main Billobong Creek- The proprietor Ii about Martin« In a few day», and w III be glad to lhaw tim Station and Stock to really Intending purchuen. Thli Station will bo sold cheap for oath. 6», Bourke-ltreet, welt _»413 Olt Bulo, lix Working Bullocki, with gear) ennuin or Wm.Wade lidford, near Ibwtliorn», Boroondara. 10410 my parto July lal f; FOR Sale, a powerful Draught Hone, thoroughly »launch i alto, a Tilling Cart, and Sot of llamen ; cither »eiuratoly or together. Apply to Mr. Robb, Brlokinaker, Flemington. 11461 FOR Sale, an excellent Draught Hone, warranted thoroughly «launch, with cart and harnen ; ad drcM B.C., office of thli paper._11361 FOR Salo, 6 Milch Cowl, 4 In full milk, with calve» at foot, ono In calf ; guaranteed lame ; milked by a romalo ; to be leen not liter than nine In tho morn- ing I apply to Mr. Fraud» Gillan!, Upper Prahran, near Sargood'« Cottage»._11410 OR Bal«-Henry Townilng hu got two Cowl, Just calved, warranted good. Biwncor.ttreot, teooiid door from Great La Troba- itrect, lu » wooden cottage, . . ' _ 11408 atwtgtiawjT «teMMka. ANDENONO Grating Paddock, niUolnlng th» tow»ihlp or Dandenong, twenty mile» from Mel bourne | bonis and bullock« will I» received. R, C, WALKER. N.B. Ed wini Courin», th» »howman of Minn. Bear and Bon'! Salo-yard (where he oin li« »ecu every dayl will »end (took to the paddock for partie». 6401» OVENS Gold Field-Partie« proceeding to tho above'gold Aeld can have their hone« properly attended to by having them forwarded to tho Wooraluy Station, on Reid Creek, two mile» from til» lower Spring Creek Dlggiug». The cattle »re tailed out all the day on Anträte food, aai put Into a large and iccure pad. dock at night Term«, Ave »hilling» a head per week. __l_ MOUNT ARARAT l'ldilooki-13,000 «cn», (»need In.-From lit April, thl terms for grating will be ti 3s, p»r »nuum, or a li»» ptrtod, payable on r». noval. Moretponilblllty. No «ntln »sock admitted, N.B.-lionet taken lo Uio paddock» and re-delivered at P. Mllrlok'i Victoria Btnblet, Swaniton-ttrcet, »very _..._. .-iderato chtrree. g. HENEY CLUTTF.RIIUCIf.. RACE-COURSE Paddock. - lion« »nd Catii» Ukin Into ti^ab«T»l«duoak,b/Mr, Bin», new th» Hl|h*r Oat*. «-.-..- ,JM, T A? CAA KBWARD.-Th« Mtlboarn» Gold Eioori ctsVdUU Company will pay the »um of wOi. for the apprehemlrn and conviction of U» parti** who robimi th« M'Iror Branch of Hw Eicon, on Weda«adajr last» and a farthar »un oflMvt. for tht recovery or the «toten proi «rty, or a proporttonate tom, for tha «.o»,*»», « aày part ibrraofT BAML. AROYLE, W. L« SOUEF, JAMES FINLAY, Director«. Melbourne, 33rd July, MM._ ".» ¿»KA/» REWARD-Union Bank of Auttrtlla. dbOXJlJ Whercu a Box oontalnlng bltnk form« o Note« thlpped n London, per Stratheden, for th« Mil bourne Branch of the Union Bank of Australia hu heat. stolen from th« lighter or wharf and tome of th« note» circulated with Forged Signatures. The pabilo »rt cautioned against taking «och rorg«riet|anda Reward of «00 i* hereby ottered to any parson who will give «Mb Information at will lead to tho conviction of th« thief or thieves, and recovery of tha Notot-J. BLACKWOOD. Mmager._100* EN FOUNDS REWARD-The undenaentlonad tcamtn having deserted from th« D«ni«b barque Chanuk*, th« »bora Reward will be given to any party on tach Information being laid down u will toad to their apprehension. Royal Danish Contnlate, J. B. WERE. Mil Hommeltof Ml* Lundbsk Han Jensen Ennttatt ' _»ant Peter Kofort_«wa» FOUR POUND8 REWARD-Strayed from a Pad dock at South Yarra, a light Grey Hon«, nearly white, but ticked with «mall brown »pote, or flea-bitten: .witch tall ; branded on near rib« with a half circle and bar. Hu markt of being lately blistered all round. Alto a Bay Pony, brandad F nur shoulder, and with . white patch on ona of tha hind fetlock». Any on« bringing the above, or furnlthlng ««»factory Infor ?nation to Mr. BALBIRNIE, Balmerino House, South | Yarra, will receive th« Reward of two pound» for each hot»«. _S4M4 TEN POUNDS REWARD-Stolen or Strayed from near Aitken'« Gap, on Friday lut, one large black Entire Horse, »tar In forehead, mottled nose, two hind rest white, no visible brand. Whoever will give luck information to the undersigned m will lud to tha re- covery or tlw «aid hone, «hail receive Fiv« Pound« II itrayed, or Ten Pounds on the conviction or th« offen den. JAME8 WRIGHT, Umbtr merchant. Mai ooume, nth May, 1X3_102*4 ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.-Ab aconded from our «tore, about 15th May lut, Michael Thomu Stacy Walsh, taking with htm a lina of money; the abor« Reward will be given to any person who «hall give anch Inforanatlon u »hall lead to hi» ap prehension (ha I* a young man, about » fut . Inchn la height, fresh complexion, dark hair, blue or grey eyes, and wean a moustache), by applying to Charlu Mac- kellar and Co., «torekecjieTa Nine Mile Creek, Ov«u, or Jame» Hemphlll, and Company, Melbourne, «bali receive the abor« Reward. June lit, IMS. _«434 TEN POUNDS REWARD-Stolen, from the Mai 1 Station, Little River, Mtlbourne-road, on the after- noon «rthc 14th iuatant One darkbay Hone, black pointe, branded TO on oil tide neck, tore on near alda neck, done by the collar, tlmlltr toa «earn, about throe Inchn long. One bright bay Hone, white hoe, branded on off lids neck TO, near hind and ««tar for« foot white, with . bar ou near «hoakter. The «um of Ten Pounds will be paid to any party who may find tha aboved described hortet, and bring to con viction the thlof or thieve*, or a mm of Two Pounds (C2) perhead will be paid to any party delivering the laid honet to tht Mall Station, Ltttle RIvtT. THOMAS GIBSON. Qeeloag, May nth, IMS. HM37 CAUTION to Poundkeepen and Other».-Lut or Stolen, about fifty mile« from Melbourne, on th« OvensRlnsr Road: A clieinut draught Mara, no brand*, (livery man« and tall, rallier large Joint*. Ateo, a bay draught Hone, branded JP near »boulder from a paddock near Melbourne. AhK>,arblack draught Mare, branded 8 near «houlder, near hind fetlock white, from a paddock la Llttl* Brighton. Any person bringing th« «ame to O. COATES, Port Phillip Club Hotel Stable«, or giving »uch information u will lead to their recovery, «hall receive Five Pound» for the chefnut mare, and Tbrt* Pounds each for th» other two._»4*3« O HE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD-Where« a bay Mare, thorough bred, black point«, branded TW conjoined on «boulder, No. «3, arrow over 4, li bandi high. aged, wu «tolen from the Ed nardi River during my absence. The alwve mare wu »tolen from near Deniliquin, Edward« River. The above Reward to be paid on conviction of the thief or partica concerned lu the robbery. JAMES MONK ES. Campbell'! Creek, July Tth, 1*33._»30 CAUTION to Auctioneer«, Poundkectwn, «nd Othcn -Strayed or Stolen from Irishtown I Plenty-road, a Bay Hone, branded MM off ihoulder, with «light blaze around the eye«. If «trayed, a Re- j ward of Five Pounds will bo given on delivery nf tht ume to Mr. Edward Wood, at hit Grocery Store, Darebin Creek, an J If «tolen, Ten Poonda will be paid on conviction of the thief. 3*37 NOTICE to Poondkeepere and Other».-Stolen or Strayed, from Winter'« Flat, on toe 37lh May, a black lion«, branded 3 C < IT shoulder, horswho« near ?houlder, II off mane, and iquare tall, rising S yurs old. A Rewsrd of C1 will b« paid on delivering th« um« to Morrison's «tor«, Winter« Flat; or C1* on conviction of the thief, If it tea. R. A. MORRISON «*tt» TWO Pound* Howard -Stolen or 8 tray ad, suter day, from th« villa«« of Heidelberg, a Black Gelding, la h.bble*, brandad CM atar »houlder, aad AO off back. Any ptnoa bringing the sun« to Mr. O'Doathw, at Htldtlbtrg, will nacltr* th* «Asm. July l»tk, Is«*, , - ? _*»*» , JTWOFOUNDS RRWARD-*__m Strayad, a' test oa th* W Crack w^tt SéPtofl." "«Tic^r~wITrbríht tha atme to JAMBS WALKER, Ship Inn, Flinders jar», «h«Hiwlrath« «boy« »toward._8704 CAUTION to aactlOBttr», poandkuper» and other» -Btoltn, 22nd Jtly, a htavy draught ebesnat Hone. Matt coan face, agid, brandad JC mar shoulder WR off neck. Alto a ni, bald lion«, brand* J IIB on th* ntar neak, JHB on the u«ar tbouldtr, W on tht star thic*, P ox th« iff thigh. Alto a hay Mar«, two bind r»«t white, grey hain In th* face, branded M. Stolen from Mr. Aitken'« Gap. I hereby oller the Reward of C30 on conviction of th* thief. P. LANAGAN, Williamtown. »391 EN POUNDS REWARD-Lost from Geelong On» Black Cobb Hort«, branded E ofTthoald.r, A NC near neck, «tar oa forehead, hind feet white, »11-htly lame In forefoot Th« above Reward will be paid to any party that wlU bring tin horse, or (Ive Information tt will lead to her recovery. JOHN DURPE, Oxford Anti, Geelong. 334» TEN Pound» Rewsrd-Strayod or Stolen, from tho M'lvor digging», a Bay Mon«, branded E off B .houlder, while bist« down face, «mall growth on belly. If «toten, CIO on conviction, or C3 on delivery to Dr. Hunter, M'lvor digging!, or Mr. Dtnlel Cooper, 10, Little Lonsdsle-stroet, west, Melbourne. Auo tloneen «nd poundkeepen are hereby cautioned against selling th* abor« hors*. ROBERT MITCHELL, M'lvor digging!. j July I», le»»._10329 LOST. Stoleu, or Strayed a dark Bay Horse, about 1« hands high, branded T on near shoulder, fresh collar marked on off shoulder, liddle marked, ihort twitch tall. If itrayed, d10 Reward will be given to tin finder; If »tolen, C30 on conviction of th« tbtef. TEN Pound« Roward-Caution to Auctlonora, Poundkupar«, tnd othen. - Supposed to b« ?tolen from th« South Yirra Inn, on or about th* end of Jua«, a Bay Mare, about 1« hand» hi» b, white «tar in forehead, near pin knocked In ; near hind foot white, branded IP near shoulder. By delivering tlmam« to Mn. ATKINSON, South Yarr» inn, or at tht Black Bull Inn, Great Biiurke-street, Mel bourne, or to Mr. THOMAS BROWN. Forest Creek, opposite th« Commissioner's camp, will receive the above Reward. 10308 PQ REWARD-Lost, a lady's bag, containing 3*0 JuwclUry, Ac. i the above Roward will be paid t o any ona returning the Jewellery to Edwaid Newton Josspn, Neave's-bnlidlngs. insta FIVE POUNDS REWARD will be givra to any person (police or othen) who will truly Inform tho undersigned »hero Michael Conner la at tho pre- sent time, he raving loaded a tlx bullock dray with floods In Melbourne on the 30th or May, and not de. Iverod tho um«. Ho hal a wit« and child traveling with him. Tho contente of the dray were a cum, 1 smiths' anvil, Scantoll, 1 bundle homp 1 forge, 1 pslr tongi. 3 bagt boam, Ac, Í8 boards, I lever Tor bcllowi The Colonial Gold Company. THOS. COMER, Superintendent. Sandhont, July nth, m3. 1100* FORTY Pound» Reward.-Detirted tilla night, from the barque Eolui, Otpt, G. Bllohtenbreo, Jun., D. C. Kotn«, being «allor, age about '.0 yean, no beard, small young man. Jan Tump, being tailor, tell young man, of 13 ycart of age, light hair and whisker« ; and TJeerd II. iloonitra, being sailor, ago 28 yean, brown hair and whlsken, Mr complexion i with a Boat painted outild« black, and Inside grcon, cut with a chisel on the luildoofthe itero. Length about 10 foot, tnd nearly 0| foot broad, with fburo«r», on« boat-hook, and rudder, 110 Reward will be paid lo any clio re- storing tho Boat, and Í10 for tit« apprehtmlon of eton. of tho men. Signed, li, Hllchtenbre» Jun, i or apply to II. W. Farrar, 08, Bourko-ttreet, wut. Hobson'« Hay, July 2lih, I-C3._ling TIIIRTY.Poundiintw.rd-Dtiettol, toll Dight, from th« Biron« Ntdtrwiard, Captain B. A, Mayer, Muter, II. Mlcliaelien, being a Sailor; aga. j about 3« year», tall man, blut tyet, thin faca, thor!, tnd fair hair ; and Euc Henson, being Bailor, agi about 37 yean, ihort and »tout-biillt, black hair, with larg» whiskers) with a Boat, marked ''Naderaaard," cut with n chlnl on th» Insid» of the »tero, length about 20 feet, and aaariy . «set In brtadtli, with roar oari, ono boat hook, and rudder, mut, main and foroinll, fifteen fathoms chain, and a barrel of water in her for balls«!. Tht boat it painted black at tht oulildt, and green In «Id«. T«a Pound« Reward «rill bo ptld lo any one restoring th« Boat, and Tt« Pound» for the apprchon lion of uoh of tho Men, B. A. MEYER. Or apply to H. W. FARRAR, 88, Bonrka-ttnct, weit. Hobson'» Bay, July 2»th, IMS. HUT rpWENTY~FouBdi Riward.-Btolin or Strayed from JJ. Haochui Mann, a chnuut Hont, four yean old, fifteen and *-h»lfh»adi high, twitch tall, branded WP offihouldir. Tho abovt Reward will be ptld on con. vlotion, If »tolen ; Ten Pound», If strayed, upon deliver- ing the abovo.mettloncd hone to Mr. RICHARD MINCHIN, Raeohu« Marsh, or to THOS. MILLER, Bolleltor, Bwanslon.slrcet, Melbourne._10MS «ki linWARD-A Bout having been »tolen frcrn ¿V* tho limitan brig Otilil, pointed while oulsldo. willi * black »Ulpo, «nd th« nanto or the vend painted Inside, whoovor will deliver mt tho liewt alougihlo tho brig, atin.ll rccolvo tho alwve Howard, Brig Quill, Hobson'» Buy, «lilli July, |»1, 110T8 milREE Poandt Itewtrd.-Btrayed from M'lvor X lllgglogt, a Hay lion*, branded Rll atar limul. dor, J F »IT neck | apply to L, JA Lea), pfflct of thl» l'«r»r. 1W3J I FIVE or Thirty Pound» B«v^r_L»xa,!»_.__*.. la* ofthi tWu»»iw»rtna»,*__»_«|*fc a,rey Hone, aged, braodid IB Mar lualll.r»/»» e ,ch »Id» the ramp, a »a»»M i»«p»« »x_N»___»J»>«5_fc a; .rip blind nar eye, los« tall an« jtmtmm». Jap p- » n bringlog th« a -»»toMr. »._frll»l_ IWft, ', ni al» «treet eut. »hall Keele» m B»wmré\\-m*é» Mi)»l and f30. If «toten, e»ti-"- -" TH )MA8 GRIFFITH». rp WO Pounds Rewant-I Í day «vetting last, - Hotel, Boorka-itraat, a and laddl» on | braaoed 1 off hind foot wtttt, «wttt* __, ---__-, - -- head. Hu been tera oa the Bfc»kaaançtr*_. - «boro RewareVtrillbe paMtoMiy tynon deliver!»»; Ik» inmoto Mr FnaetMm, SiortHh HaW,m*» mun FRENCHAM, Wlattoor._ «W» AUTION to Anetloaeen, Fuaajlfciipjr». jaw* Other». Fir» Pound« E*werd. Le**, ara»» »¡r*~ rsndara, on tho evaalag of the M tk lait, na* »ay Poney, branded HU on «healto.^klt«-»»»» m\ _*?» heod. Whoever return» the aus» to tha nast»i»lg»»wl. or glvuiucb Information a« will ^¿Z**'*m**tl~ .hail receive the above Reward. BRYMOUN»«* CO , Nlghtraen, Cambrldg»-itre«t, ColllngwtiaiL OST, Stolen, or Stray«!, front the M lfm digging» on the 3rd of July, one b»y Horse, star la »J forehead, off hind fetlock white, saddle ni«rkid, branded! on tho nesr shoulder x within circle. Abo, on» llgh* grey draught Hone, branded D R on th* Mar letoaMer and S on th* off lid* ncok. St. Reward «rill ka fiM for each horse, on deliver* of «ame, at the M. Lae»» atoro, M'lvor digging»._ ,*M1 CtUTlON to Auctioneer», Fouodkeepu», and Othen -Strayed or Stolen, on tha night of Ta«* da), 13th July, from Spring Flat, Fryer*» Creek,» re- in«! kable looking lion« of the e»rt breed. .Datcrlp tlon-Color, very light chtinut, with light «oler«* I gt long till, «nd white blau down the fas», ?»?»>? .haptd balk, vary high In th» ramp, and holla« lath* back A reward oftlolf Strayed, and A2»oa«o»«la t on of the c (Tender, ir Stolen, will be paid na Mltwrr ot the Hone to WILLIAM BAMBER. Siriog Pfa»» FrycriCrcek; or. WILLIAM BAYLES »ad CO., JtV Markcttquare, Melbourne. Sin FIVE Pound« Reward -Strayed or Stolen from aatsnr Foleman's station, M'lvor Digging», a brew» Mare, branded fl on near »kouUtr. Any puse»» .» HR warding th« above mara to Mr. Thoenae Lawson, *r Moonee Pondi, or Mr Bucklebank, Auctioneer,M'lit«» will receive the above Reward- or Tea Pound» Reward! on conviction of the thief, if stolen. JOHN HAR. RIB. _»Mt» TEN Puuuili Bewaid.-Lost from nur Bimlayaesg on the night of Sunday, the 17th Init, tar«»han*» of the following description ¡-I bay Mare, white kia* leg», Waxe, TB off »boulder, foal at foot 1 dark bay Umso, brandi d G near shoulder, new brand, on» ahsti foot white, long switch tall. I dark bay Hone, H3a»»»r shoulder, KB near neck, short Uli, hind teUocb wtaUe, »potonnoie If stolen, Ten Ponnds Rew»rd »IR bes' raid on conviction of the thief, or If Strayed Five? Pound! Reward will be giren to »ny perlón giving »a»h» Informationu may lead to their recovery. Apply te. THOMAS GRIFFITHS, at Mr Hall», Dally Hill; or Ti. li Pound» Reward.-Caution to Auctioneer», Foundkecpcr». »nd Other».-Stolen or Mm«*,, from th« Old Pott Office Ulli, Forest Creek, a tay Mare, black point«, aged, long tall, »ora undsVtM sad- dle, »nd hair out from the maa», wb*re ta» MBaar buiklei, branded i on near »houlder. A Rewan! .** tio will be paid to aay one delivering th» »bore Mai» to ROBERT WATBON, blacksmith, Post OS»» W11, Forest Creek. JOHN MAT. 11»T rflEN Pound» Reward.-Caution to Auetteaew» J. Poundkeepen, and other». Stolen, or Stray«*), from tk» Sugsrlosf creek, on th« Bydncy.road, aa) ttfc night or the 27th of June, on» Black Hone, braxaVki K on the near shoulder, short tall, and ona »hue apatr baok of near ear. On» chunut bon», Inannwg JO oat near »houlder, »witch tall, and aaddl» nurktd. Wko cver »ill give auch Information to the ander »te, Md «a» will load to the recovery of «aid noa*»», Fire Pouat« if ?trayed, »nd if stolen. Ten Pounds on coavlctioa of Ikes offender», to Me. MICHAEL DAWSON, groetr, Bourka-itreet; or to Mr. OAFNEY, Bushaaal Im, Suiiarlosf.creek. ^ MH TEN Pound! Reward.-Lost from the Back Creek, June 26th, lets, «upposed to b* »toles, a twawav Hone, branded BM near ihoulder, wlthothirbraael*. I-Ive Pounds Reward, lost between the Gap an* Bextàv a bay Hone, branded BM near »honldeV, A T eff shoulder. Alsoadarkbay bora*,, branded BIf an» «boulder, with other brand!, icar on off rump. grey Horte, branded BM ucar »boulder, with on*»yr ? ho above Reward will be psld for each hone, Ivy de- livering th. m to Mess«. BAKER and MATES, lite FIVE POUNDS REWARD-Btolea, tam lae Junction of Fryer'« Creek and tk* Loddon, «ask» litofjuly.one Bay Mara, lanaded Don atsralsottturr,. »tar on for-hen', i r.bble marked, four year» old, IMr teen and a half bandi high, black tall ano mann, Any perion bringing th* aila mar* to Joshua's It**»* Forest Creek, or Mr. Powel, Junction of the Lode»» will receive th* «bov. Reward. DUNCAN LAMP BELL_sjJB IFTEEN POUNDS REWARD-Lost or Blotae, _ from Mount Frazer, on or »boat the 11th ni Jaar lut, on« hwvy Bay Draught Mara, heavy la thal, aa£ a foal following h«r. three letloek» »hit», bia»» Mik*«-» and branded Konnearihoulder. AlM,oae Bagsaene, hind fetlock» »hil», bhtu dova sweewaad kiMtki * atar «boulder, »boat Sv« yenrt old. Who*»»» »JOd» Uver tk«»ibov»ioMr. Jona M'Lsaa, Back» |njit| M»lbo*a,a>r«o Mr. Jona Fiwr, koort Viw»bt7GS_: FIFTEEN Pound» Reward.-Molen from th*' ka Digging», on th» 33rd of January, 11*3, at. Dark Gray Hone, named Peach, C otTl thoaMer. V near ihoulder, notch out of near ear, «mall »Mt» in* on each ear, abort »»Itch tall. The abor» Iteattd »Ht bo paid to any pyrton giving tuch InrormstlO* »f witt lead to hi» recovery, on delivering th« nor«» .. Ik» undenlgned, near T. Osborne and Co.'» CerawaR Store, Eureka Flat Ballarat. Auctloneenand Pnaad. keeper» are cautioned of the »am». JOHN BOYCB _4 »ni FIFTY POUNDS HEWAUD-Allay Cart Ho»«» »tolen from me at th* Bendigo, 26th Bestixawr» lt*o8,and branded anchoroothe near ihoulder. AR»»»** of Fire Poundi «III be paid by me for th» recovery e>¿ th« hone, or FIRy Pound« on conviction of th» Utlit. WILLIAM LESTER, Albury._MO» CAUTION, to Founds«;en. Auction»«, «nit other», for buying or selling th» ume-The» IUward of Ten Pound» -Sto'en or »trayed, a bawl. mire, branded C near ihouldir, blas» dova the fen, threo white feet, about alxteen hands hlgb, «art bru«. Thi reward often pound!, If ilolen.on convict toe; aat£ If ttrnyed, the reward or Ave poundi will be given, 7t> beTdoirvered to Mr SULIVAN, Harp of Lrln peMie houie. King ttroet, Holbourne; or at the Can» ot Good Hops Storei, Mcivor digging». Shs wa» iVokixx on the 7th July, 1863, from th» Mcivor digging». tau ri'BN POUNDS REWARD -Strayed from Pom» J. Creek, near Jone* Entlug-liouse, on Nos-. MM,. 1662 -A hay Cart Mare, branded AP off neck, llbgifckr star on forehead, hollow backed, hind fetlock» waite» and a lump on the on" flank as largo a» an egg-, collaa nmrked. To bcdcllicred to W. CAMPBELL, aBrgiae* Orango, or C S. MEDLEY, Snaky Creek, Moamt Naplcr-road, Eumeralla. ST»] IVE Poundi Reward-Stelen, from » T*at lav Canvau Town, on Wsdnesdsy, th» Sith Init, a dark brown Hone, leven year» old, branded W cn. near »boulder, hair off th« »id« of th» rump, dar In forehead, hair oh" the leg». Whoever bringt the nar to Mr. M'N AU « »tor», C»uv«u Towo, thal) reeerratho abovo Reward. 1)3)7 o»«ttoa. ROBBERY-Union Bank or AuitraUa-Th» public are hereby cautioned agaliut receiving Note» par, parting to be the luuo of thli Bank, and of the dentad nation »nil numlien undermentioned a cat»; of 'MoVc Formi having been stolon from the ihlp 8tru»txtea, t«â Hobton's Bay, »nd put In clrcaUitiou with Forged lfl¿~ naturea. C1, No. 100,001 to No. 112,000 6, 42,000 " 46,000 10, from No. 1,001 »nd Upward». 20, " 0,001 " «0, " I to No 1,0001 J. BLACKWOOD^ kU«,»«er: July a, IMS._latw NO1 ICE to the bruthen and relative« or tto ktte Poter Mouilo or Pcrthihlro. If th« goods »nat cb illili of the dccia»od aro not called ror within two month» from thl» date, they will bo »old to «ty oiniur. ' PETER MILLEU, 470, Gcorso^lrcot, Sydney. Jolt-14,1MJ,_ 10M* OriCE to Butehen, Cuttlo-dtalon, 4o - All por lont aro cautioned from purchasing Caltlet brandcil BIM olf tlilo, MS off rump, ni non» har» hw» sold from the Kallon. JOHN P. HOWE, Riekhrwn Campaipo. COco OTIOE.-Nullo» li horeb)-given, that uoleii Ikfr black Ilono, branded 11 B noar ihoulder, at« » niulor uildlo near »Ide, lent to our puldook by C*e»ge Mltcholl, K)ncUn, on Uro Kill August last bórctaotisl within one month from thli dato, Tt «III be lok! I» de- fray the expenioi. T. and C. PEE VOR, Lhngtey. Mount Maoeilmi. 80th July, 18*3._ - MM NOTICE to Dejioitton or Pnuengen' Luggtg» tadt lloxoi at Plckronl, Orevlllo and Co'», »totts, All person» having luggage nnd boxe» itored (not mer. chandlio) »re horoby required tu remove their pro- perty from th» above «tores on or before the 31lt day of July, 1853, or thoy will bo »old by auction.., PICK- FORD, GREVILLE »ml CO., I'llnierntrect JulyjBtli._mt NOTICE to Depoilton of Paucugen'Luggag» mmí Boxea at Pickford, Greville aud Co,'» Store* All P*r*oni having luggitg* and boxea »tored. (not aer. chandu«) aro henny required to remore their properly from tho above Storei on or Iwforo tho 3litthtyol Jatjr. 1851, or thoy will lie »old by auction. PICKFORD: OHEVILLr5»ndCO.,»llnder»^trcet v»»uw. July »th«_ «»DO IF John Okxly doo» not call nnd rclcaao the lion» ,, I hit date, ha ahull Im Kid to pay exponte«, Roan hone. .I?.".'10;! T,u no»«' «liouldor. JAMES YEOMANS* Little llourke-stroet. , gnu 0?>'i0Ç'~Wo,.tll.0.undor,|K",,,,> w111 «rc»pon tlblo fur any debt« Incurred by the Captain of tr* F lighter, I,m y; Flora, wlllinut n written | m. MILLEU »nd JONES, Ftlnderj.lanc, »cot. _ 11181 ALL nçnoii! having box») »tMn. U. W. ApphlMV» 7, BtuarUtrcot, will nimio remov« »himwlird*. rourlocndays from dite, ¿ht being about leaving the ooluny. seth July, UM» LOST, on Tiieiil»y »vening, Seth Init, on Unrtad. . . ^"»"nMulbuunic and Geelong, tha Mail Due lor L«ko Wallace Any person finding th» ian», aaS, ilcllvorlug It at the Pott bill»» In Melbourne or ong, <,r at Armitrong, on th» River Kia, will k«. Iberaliy Ilowarded. .f.àV. STEPHENS, UM. tW tnotori, Qiieiiiiberry-itnot. Mclboiurue, autlt July, IMS, WM, 