. «eeelea«;. ÁBOUS OFFICE, GEELONG.-An OfHc« for the ARGUS ha» been opened In Malop-street, west, Geelong. AU Letten and Communication» for the Paper, Advertisements, Order» for Job Printing, Ac., from partie» In Geelong and the neighborhood, but be forwarded to Uiat Office, and will meet with the promptest attention._ WANTED, a first-rate Cooks apply to Mr Storey Victoria Hotel, Geelong ; no on» need apply who etnaot produce good tesUtnoniala frem »oin» Colonial employer._»4692 II. GEORGE SHUTTLEWORTH, lato of Wnl worth, London, who arrived at Melbourne, per ihip Hyderabad, will obligo the undersigned by for- warding Immediately the parcel of letters, Ac., received by him from Mr. John Garratt, to the following adtlrcttt- Mr,JohnGarratt,Moorabool-»trect,Geelong. _,_63469 NOTICE.-To the Settler» of Uie Murray dlstrlot »nil the publio In general.-I hereby give notice that I never authorised James M'Kellar, who wa» in my employment, to give order» or contract debts in my atme ; anil I shall not be rcspomlble for any debt» the above-named individual, or any other person, may have contracted In my- name without my written order. HENRY BEATSON MORRISON, Geelong. 3026 MAIL CONVEYANCE.-ROBERT SEARLES, ef Geelong, having become the Contractor for the Uno from Colac,- through Geelong, to Buninyong and Sura Bank, 1» ready to take passcngor» and parcels at the times appointed. Fines. C I. d. Geelong to Colae. SOD " " Buninyong . 3 0 0 ] " " Rum Bank . 4 10 0 " " Ualaarat . 3 10 « | Parcel» 2». 6d. each lib. weight or uncior: 1». extra fcr cvory Jib Agent«-Mr. Wade, Geelong ¡ Mr. ; CoUc »ml Mr. Akehurst, Buninyong. 2615 TO Capitalists and partie» »eeklngfor investment lu a lucrativo buslnes».-To be »old, by private con tract,all thosofirat-rato eatabllthed buslnett premises, »Unsted In Great Malop-strect, Geelong, beyond the Theatre, known as Moore'» Temperance llotfl, together with tho good-will of tho »ame. The Hotel, together willi the present time, I» doing an extensive and thriving trade, and to partie» really desirous of obtaining an excellent ready made business, this aJTordi an oppor- tunity which should not be lott tight of. Tho proprietor hat been offered a largo rent for It, »ntl the fortunato purchaser may insure to hlmteira splendid fortune in a comparatively short »pace of time, a» it will bo told a bar- gain. For full particular», apply to Mr. W. Moore, on tho premises, Geelong._^_387 HORSE BAZAAR. Great Ryrie-strcct, west, Geelong.-Daily Sale» of Stock, by Auction O'FARRELL and SON begto Inform thhclr numerous friendsjind constituent», that they will, from this date, hold Sales by Auction Dally, at tho Horse Racaar, of Hones, Quiet Cattle, Cart», Gig«, Carriages, Ac., com. menclng each day at Twelve o'clock ; and that at their Bale Yards, Ashby, adjoining the Harp Inn, they will »lío hold Siles of Fat Cattle, Sheep, and all unbroken Stock, an any day of'thn week when required. Tho charge» aro maelo to the Vendor (none to the Purchaser), and aro a» follow», viz. :-An entrance fee or twoahillliigs per head ror »mai! lot» or horses, bul- lock], and cowa (but large lot» aro exempt from thl» charge), and commlsaeon at the rate of five per cent, on the amount salea. At tho Livery Stables In connexion with the Banar, Hones for Sale will receive the grcatctt care aod atten- tion, and, ir »old, a considerable reduction will be made on the usual charge for keep. A secure and well watered Grata Paddook hat been provided for the reception or CatUe and unbroken Horse» walting a find Say of aalc. Whilst Informing our friends and constituent» of hav- ing Increased our day» of sale, (which, ,prevtous to the present time, were hdd only on five days of the week,) and the other arrangements abore-mentloaed, we would beg to offer to them our sincere thanks for the liberal npport we hare received a» Stock Agente for tho hut eight year», Tho general knowledge entertained 'by the public of our establishment, and the long experience they have had or our qualifications as Stock Agents and Auc- tioneers (a branch of business to which wo have devoted the greater part of our time »nd attention) render» any oouimcnt for tho recommendation or cither, quito unne ecssary. But we would request the attention or Stock, holders to these arrangement« just modo, in connection with our establishment, and which, wo consider, will be productive of great benefit to them. In saving much of tho expenso nnd delay consequent u|ton want or imm» díate Accommodation for »took when brought for »ale, whilst weean always ensure the highest market price, which tho quantity of Stock wc*k!y entrusted to our care for dfspeisal, and the inauner 'in which our sales arc at. 'tended, In proportion to other», will testify. Horse Biraar, March 19th, 1853. 2016 OOPEIl'S ROYAL MAIL AND FAMILY HO TEL, corner or Yarra end Corio »trcets, noir the Steamboat Pier. The proprietor in rctnrnlug his ment tlnccrc thanks ror the liberal patronage already experi- enced from tlio most rcspectnbla Inhabitant» of Geelong, Informs vistor« to thl» town that they will moot with all Uio comforts of an English hotel at bl» establishment. The spacious dining saloon Is sumptuously and ele Sntly furnished, and weUadaptcd for public or private mer parties. Dinners aro served up daily In the most liberal a'.yle, regardless of expense. The bedrooms aro fitted np with every attention to comfort. The stock of wines, apiri?», and English ale» »od por- ter, aro most carefully »elected, and unrivalled In the colonies. Terms moderato. Soups every day from twelve to two o'clock, n prafesicd Book being engaged. EDWIN HOOPER, late of Bath, England. Gelong, May 21st, 1953. 4162 S.ULLNS HEAD HOTEL, Ryrle-street, west. \ Isltors to Geelong will And a good table and ex ont beds, with every attention to their comfort, on reasonable term»_«3470 MELBOURNE AND OLtl.ONtl f.XI'REBS - The undersigned I a« established a coimnorclal anl business agency between Melbourne and Geelong, to bo styled and known al the Melbourne »nil Geelong Exprès«. It will bo conducted on the prlncli les of the Expresse! IO common and io highly valued in the United Ststes Thli Express will convey and deliver by a special messenger, packagii, parcels, sam| les. Looks, invoicci, and pijiera of every doictiptlou-artilles whleh aro too bulky for the mall, and too small to go al freight AUo far taking and delivering onlers,-pa) lug and collecting necouiits,-presenting bills of tailing-aiaklng entries at tho Custom Hor.se,-and for transacting any other businoss that may be required. Any one wishing information from either pla'e, res ptctlng the markets, or on iny other nutter, can roly on Its being prom) Hy obtained by this I xpress, and at moderate charge and business of this kind will be, If desired, itrlctl) confidential . Notices of auction sales and other mercantile notices dlslrlbnted at small chart,c Lcaviug Melliourno every day, at 11 a ra. Geelong ev^ry da), nt 10 a m When desired, papers ted panel» will he deivcrcd the samo day. All business cntrustod to tills agency will be trans acted with fidelity and dispatch, mid Hie proprietor hopes, b) strlit attention and untiring efforts, to uurit ttie conflilince of tho public Itefcrenccs of the highest respediblllly given Melbourne, July Util, 1853 Ii A BURDELL. Olllccs lu Mclbourno Mccormick and Son s. Labor Market, 92, Great Bourke«trcct; P Just and Co, lilli lots strict Oftlne In Geelong O C Leroy, Mtlbourni Morning Herald Offlie, Great Ryrle- street (near Baur s) _4360 ST. HELEN S Classical, Scientific, and Com nun c1 a Aiadini), Corio Bay, Geelong Dr Hickson «ill milieu tho nbovo institution on Monda), Jut) 10th, 1853, fir tho ncoptlou of a limited number of gentlemen s sons us ho-nlirs only. The urrangcmi nts iro of a fin perior ihainctcr, and Hie paramount advantages of tho leant) for sea hiHi1ngaiid|,euoralsn!ubrlt),urounlier> lally niknoi« lodged. Tho pupil« aro required to bring willi them at least two sets of bed linen, and heir aA.07cn towoi» diitinctj) marked thumb lorthosoundert«elvo)cart . CO guineas Do nbo'.o do 80 " Ko extras I eos quarterly In ndvanco 2810 ST! IM LNGINB -I or Salo, a high preisuro En glue, sixteen horse power, with tawi and machinor) for »awing Am lylo John Baird, blacktmllli, LlttleMolop »Ireot Oeefong. 63Í8 Te Oold Blrrer-a. TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.-The nearest and best route from the Ovens to tho Ben- digo I» by tlio Broken River, Mngulro'e Punt, Cellila Abbv n. Into tho ttatloii of i'.dwird Corr, Esq , the Cam patplo Inn, and thom» by Mr. Le) nott'» »tatton to tile »indigo._4104 TO DIGGERS AND OTHERS,- Dlgf-or» aro In- formed that Luggage may bo convejed to any of the Digging» at tho current rate» by T. U. Tvls» and Co, Carriers and Commission Merchants, on tlio WUiarf, next door to II. and J. Cooke. 3.106 THE Undersigned takes loavo to return his most sin. cere thank» to tho Publlo and Diggers In general, for their liberal patronage during hi» «tay nt Forest Crcik and Bendigo, eit which latttr placo lie »till re. mains in the samo business. But having succeeded In procuring a llcenso a» Publia Auctioneer, ho li getting up "A Gold Digger»' Auction Mart,"-at Gqlden. .qnaro da) a of ? ile, '1 uestlny »mi Wetlnettliy,-»ntl nt View Point ila) s of sale, Trida) and Saturday. To bo ready and fit for hu Ines» on Histor April. Auypirtlcs having horses, cattle, stock, or gooda of .ny kind, will flml It to their advantage by entrusting tlicm to my care, as I have largo and safo enclosures for cattle, and good homo» for storing goods, which will alva) » be fron of charge to ciubunori for their goods, de. Hold consigned to my agent», Messrs. Herring nnd Moody, Oohl.brokora, Great Colllnt-ttreet, west, Mel- bourne, »t 'J| jier cent., where tlio full valuo Is given, at Hie price current at tho time of Its arrival there. Having largo »bible» at the Auction Mart, Cititonieri' hones will bo »tabled freu, and prov'cudor »old cheap at mr store». P.B.-Money advanced on good» left for »alo, JAMES BROWN, Remilgo. N.U.-Though having auccccelcd In gelling au Auc- tioneer's Llcenco, I »till keep tho »arno numberof »tore», «here good» of all kind» aro »old at cheap at usual. _01)71 Best Property, IJIOIIND, near St, Peter'« Churoh, a puraa con . lalnlng «»mall »um ol monoy, whloh Ita owner can have on application to J. Brook, at li. and J. Ceeko'»,Flinelei».»troet._»82» DOO Found,-A Dog followed a gentleman on Richmond Flat», lui evening i can be lind on en- quiry at tho warohouie of Wattenton, late Dyer and Co.'«, Fllndcri-atreet._'_8»" LOST or taken by ralitako, from the Quoen'a Wharf, on Wednesday tait, having been landed from the btrquo Nudorwaard, a caie marked L In diamond, No. ». Any portón having «moved or »tared It 1» re» °.u«i Dourko.itrecl.weit. «062 ADVANCES.-Liberal advance» made on consign. . meid» by Hunoy, Bond and Hale, comer of Cullin« anil Wllllain-itreota. Coualzamenta aolldtod tatlie houio of Hutsoy, Bpnil »«a Hal« lu Han Fran flaco, CaltforuJ». MU AfeBOlei. "IVTOTICE.-The following partiel havt been ap J3| pointed agent» for the Armit, and are authorlied ta collect monies and receive orden for the paper, and for tdvertliemont», In their lèverai localities : J. M. Main, Malop-ltreet, west..-Geelong. A. Brown ..-; . Çy.d?er' John I!. Spence.Adelaide. J. Walch and Son, Wellington Bridge, Hobart Town. Colin N. Campbell .Lannceiton. ThomaiFInn.Portland. Wm. Fuller .Belfert. J. Plrklngton.Warrnambool. John Elliot .Barwon. Wm. Dongltt.Kyneton. D. A. Boath .Grange. David Oswald.Fiery Creek. J.H.Mather .Orem. Jet. Kirby .Glenelg. Hugh Swann .Kilmore, H. Jame« .Bacon al Mann. J. W. Green .Ballarat. K.J.Howard .FureitCreek. Darli and Chaffey .Upper Glenelg. Matan and Culley . Williamstown. A. J. Best .Collingwood. Arthur Dyson.Collingwood. H. Baker .Heidelberg. Messrs. Cresswell and Co. ... Prahran. Henry Harrli ... .Sandridge, George P. Prye» . Pentrlgde. J. E. Turner .Richmond. William John Morrl».Gisborne. J. J. Walsh, 239, Ellrabeth-strcct, D. Urquhart, 74, Colllni-atrcet. Saunders and Stamford, 6, Charing Croll, London. At the establlihmenta of the agento In Geelong, Sydnoy, Launceston, Forest Creek, »nd Hobart ¡Town, access to fllei of the Argiu may alwa)« be obtained. ROUS AGENCY, Collins-street, west-Messrs. PETER ROBERTSON »nil CO., Ncwi Agouti, Collins-street, welt, opposite the Market-square, havo bein appointed Agent» for the Arçiu, aud will from this dato receive Advertisement« for Insertion in that Journal. January nth, 1853._ NO 1 ICE -Some Inconv enlencô being expcricnci d by the distance of the Argtu OfBio from the Wharfs and Western end of the city, advertisers and others aro informed that arrangement« havo been made with Mr. JAMLS WILLIAMS, Paper Ruler, Account Book Maker, to , next door to tho Ro) al Exohango Hotel, Coillns-strcit, at whoso «hop advertisement» and otlur communications for Uie Jrgm may ho lea till eight oilock In Hie evinlng. New subscribers may leave their names with Mr. Williams, and he »111 also havo »inglo copies of tho paper constantl) on «ale. THO Publicans and Others -Josiph W. Lovell, Va X luator and Appraiser, can be «een dally, from tweh c o clock until thrco p m , «t Mr. Thomas Lcwls'i, Watch and Clock Maker, No. 63, Elisabeth street, Mel- bourne. _ 64524 CARD -James Watterson, Land Agont, Valuator, Stock and Station Salesman, and General Broker, Lloyd's Exch inge, Collins- street, Mclbourno. Intro- duced hy Junes Simpson, Esq._7442 PARUES desirous c-f,returning to England, or or proceeding to any ' tho nilghbnrlng colonies, may insuro a snfo and ipe. ly pilliga by applying to Soady and Jones, General V Mcplng and Commission Agents, 33, Elizabeth-street._8789 BALL ALLEY, Store, and S»l»i!oom, op|ioslte the Rising Sun public house, i. Ule Bourkc-sti'it, east-JOHN HURREY, Auctloiret., 107, Ellzauith itrcet, begi to inform Importers of British and American mcrihandiio and colonial produce, that having taken possession of the above lommodlous, dry mid centnlly situ itcd premiso!, which are capable of storing aliout 1200 tons measurement of goods, he will bo happy to take charge of any quantity of mcrihandiio or colonial produce Intended for immediate »ilo, without making any charge for rent or «torage of samo, and ho confi- dently trusts that his exertions to servo hlseinpIo)ers, and to make the best price of ever) tiling placed In his hands, together with an Immediate settlement nf all aocounts, will secare to him a liberal share of public support, to merit which will be hi« comUnt study. A puhlleSalc will be bilden at these Stores every Tnes. ilirandTrid lyon the wholesale system, hut In* lot« to suit tho convinlenco nf tho trado in general. The Rooms In Elli-ibclh street will be open a« usual for the dully sale hy auction of small consignments of goods, town and co intry properties, household furnl. ture, and miscellaneous articles, mil ttte sante attention will continuólo bo paid to selling estates either at the Tooms, or on tho prcmlsii of lill omplo) er» ai heretofore. _ 3Í08 NOTICE.- Matthew M'Caw 4 Co, Auctioneer!, Commission Agents, Livery Stable Keeper«, and Corn Dealers, respectfully return their sincere thank! to their Friends nu 1 the Public for Hu favor whlili tiny base received,T.nd beg to Intimate that they havo dis- posed of their-jiremlses ann business to Missrs Water housi and Aitslow, who w11! continue the same In all Its branches. Messrs. M'C. 4 Co. have the greatest confidence In Introducing their luccesson, Mcssri. W. 4 A , and have no doubt tint they will glvo general iitisfaction, »I they aro both business mm, and havo a thorough knowledge of horse stock, 4c; and they will now be able to conduct the biistuiss in a st) le which hu been hitherto quite be) ond our reach, tho whulo of the mm agement formerly having devolved cpon Mr. M'Caw nlone. - - WATERHOUSE 4 ANSLOW hiving «ncceeded to the above business, trust hy strict attention to the Interests of their friends »uti the public, to merit a con tlniiance of thoso fivor« which havo been so liberally bestowed upon their predecessors. N II -Mr. M'Caw has kindly eorsentod to remain and render every assistance lu hi« power, for three month«. _ 50384 \ DWARD NEWTON JOSEPH.-importcr »nd grno. .J ni merchant, and commission «gent, Ncavo'« Buildings, Colllns-streot, cast. British and foreign I mercliandlsealwa)«on«alo. 63792 E JC. PYLE, Auctioneer and Commission Agent, « Clurlea-itrett, Launceston-Consignment« re- ceived, prompt returns, with reasonable charge». Btorago gratis, for ono month Imtruetlons for purchasing Colonial Produce attended to, ifrecovcred bv a remittance. Launceston, January 1,1653. 8790 A CARD-To Land Proprietors, Settler», Storo keeper», Wholcsalo anti Retail Dealers, Diggers, aod Others -Mr Robejt Good« In, SO, Flinders lano, Flour, Gold, and Lind Agont, and Factor. Commis «lons Cor Uto Digging«, Geelong, Hobart Town, Ade- laide, Sw-in Uiver, 8>due), India, the United States, Paris, and Lnghnd -Imports, Export«, A 369 ROWM3, KBNNI.DY, and Co, Shipping and Commission Agcuts, St John-street, Launceston I Diemen» Land produco pun lu Jed on commis- sion. Honry Norman Browne, late agont tor the Victoria Gold Escort Cnnqiany nt lorest Creek, and Chirles Quinten Kennedy, or Lnuncoston, having commenced business as above, solicit tlio supjiort or their rrlcud« and the publie. 7130 OTICL. - CHAMBERS and BOURNE, Auc. tioiiccr» nnd General Agent», I Iii der» street (one door list from Queen street), beg to Inform tho ptihlio Unt the) aro prepared io etnet Hales of nil de. serlptlomtir Merchandise and Cclnnhil Produce, cither private!) or by PUBLIC AUCTION. Timber (assort«]) and Colonial Produce alwaja on hand. Goods stored._62B7J TO New Arrivals -All partie» having 1 ngllsh goods to dispose or will find It to their advantage to apply to Soady and Jones, General Agent», 33, Eliza- beth street._629d8 AGENTS Wanted, fur the Salo of John Kaye . 1 »tent Medicines, for Melbourne and surrounding towns, appl/ to Win, B. Taylor, wholesale agent, 68, Llttlo Collins »trcet, cast._UM TO the Drapers of Melbourne, Geelong, Port Fairy, Warrnambool, and Comitr) Storekeepers generally. Gentlemen,-I deslro to thank toe. for tho largo mea »ure of »upper*, that I havo received at v our hand». My aim baa boen to bring my Eegllsli n d Colonial experlcnco to bear in establishing a largo wholesalo draper), slop, and hosiery trade, In which I have b'cn omlnently succtssfu!. I beg to appi Iso ) ou that from this date Mr. John King will be uooncctcd willi mo a» n giartuer In t-io business i and it-tfToreis mo great plensnro In thus pre- senting bim lo jon, known, as lio has been, to most of my friends durlur tlio past twelve months Hlsprac. thal kiuiwleilge of the London, Manchester, Yorkshire, and Scotch i larkets, fully qualll) bim. In conjunction w'th mv self, to preparo orders In detail for the guidance or our homo hu) crs, In tho purchase or U oso classes or goods which nave heretofore socured jour valued approval It will ho the endeavor of tlio new firm to secure tho continuance or ) our support, and hy oxtendod Importa tlons to mott the tncnnircd demands or tho colon) Gentlemen, 1 remain.) ours, Resiiectrully and ubl'g»d, HtEDK J SARGOOD Tho business of the nevv firm will bo conducted under tho st) le of SARGOOD, KING, AND CO. 82 fllENMNia IIELR-The undersigned being JL Al'ents ror Messrs. J. and R 'lenncnt, of Well pirk lltewory, Glasgow, are In therccolntnrrtgiilnr »upplio« or their beor and porter. DICKSON, GIL CHRIST it Co, Queen »treet. AU9 L ROBLYN, Gold Buyer and Commission Agout, View Point, Ileidlgo. 4HJ1 R. M ESbRS GIRIIS, IIHIGII1' and CO , of Liver, j..«. pool mel Bristol, hive this day npeniil a branch or their establishment ni Melbourne, as General Agents and Commtisloa Mere haul», nntler tho firm or Brlf.bt, Brother» and Co, of willoh the undersigned Is tho resi- dent partner. WILLIAM HAMILTON HART, No. 6, Kllr.abeth »treat. July 20, 1851,_7610 A CARD- Mr. Ï liornas Stanley Sudlovv, (lencral Commission and Shipping Agent, 117, Minders, lane, west, opposito Messrs Heapo nuil G rice a. _7058 JOSHUA SIIGDEV, licensed to »hip Stamm, Homo Lnnd and General Commission Agent, Sandridge, near Melbourne. 0108 ?dncational. USICAL EDUOAT ION -Mr. Winterbottom bogt to Intimate to lill fi buds and nil who aro deslroui of porfictlng thomitlvei lu Hie delightful study of miulc, that It li hil Intention to devoto a few hours dully togli Ing Instruction, ilthor vocal or Inatriimi ntal ; and feuls convinced that all who honor him with their preferíuco, Jill mode of teaching «III give tho utmost satisfaction. Leiten to be utlilrisiid, caro of M, Wilkie, Clarendon Ilotol. 3605 BELGRAVE ROUSE Seminary, Air Young Ladies Upper Prahran, near Mri. Chomloy'i, on tho Damlenivng-roail.-Mri. GARDINER beg« totnnounce England I the arrangement» are of n mperlor oharacler, and Hie locality dry and healthy, being only a ihort walk from the ic». Tho courin or Instruction com. prliei all modern KcomplUhiiionti, ooinhlncd willi itrict attention to health and raoralt. FroIV-isort of muilc, drawing, »ml French are engaged, and only the limited number of eight nnplli are taken. Relerenoei of tilt highett reipectaulllty given, end alio permltt'd to the parents or tho young lulim entrusted to Mri. Gardiner'! care. Apply penoiially ov by litter ti aboyo. MM ELWOOD Hill School, near St. Kilda,-Mr. Mac farlano liutructt young gentlemen In general, education, inathcmiillei, nnd olansle». Releroncoi ure pcrinlltcd to Iho Ror. Mr, Perks, 'Richmond | Dr. W11, mot, Melbourne ' ' 1931 I AmtaMineaj't*, MECHANICS INSTITUTION -Weekly Concerts, Thursday, 28th inst. -Principal Performers: - Mrs. Testar, Miss Martin, who will have tho honor of making her first appearance, and will sing a duet with Mrs. Testar. Sig. Maffei will play a Duo with Mr. Stuart; pianoforte, Mr Sullivan, his first appearance. Conductor and Director -Mons. Saltzer. HORES un .trailed Saxe Horn Band-J lloro re turns hU »locero thank» for peat favoraconrcrrcd m bim, upj rciqiecUull) Inrorm» tim gentry and 1 ubiio .f Victo:«, that his band la open to engagements, both for ajacmbl) and plcaiuro tri]», when the nowe»t and moat popular mu»lo will bo performed Adjoining tho."YVc«le)»o Chaiiel, Brunswick street, Collingwood Medical._ IMMIGRANTS Ahl Society,-Dr 1 arlcy attend» at the Dispensar), Houseless Immigrant» Home, C«nva»» Town, dally, from 9 to 11 Also, at tho offiee of the Socletj, corner of Collin» street and Swonston ?treet, dally, from 12 to 1, ror the purpose of furnishing medical advlco gratuitously, and In case« of destitution, medicines also JAMLS BLACKBURN, Honorary Secretary_ 6449 ACCINATION -Mr O Reilly, Burgoon, Ao, a' herne for Vaccination, every morning, from 10 to 12, at hi» residence, IPS, Collin» »treet, west 8395 MR E Fell CHER, Surgeon, ha» removed to 8 > Lomdale street, west, opposite Passmore » Commercial Hotol, where ho may bo consulted as usual before ten n m, nt two p m, and after «ix In Uio evening Mr Fletcher may also bo consulted every morning at eleven o clock, at Mr Denniss, chemist, 102, Klug street,_2PJ1 ED WARD 7, AN!, Dlanenalng Chenil t, opposito the Shc| herd a Arm», Smith-street, Collingwood, -Edward I ano, lato of tho Melbourne Hos| Hal, begs to inrorm the medical j lofesslon nnd tho public, that ho has established himself in the above locality a« a Dlsj penslng Chemist, nn 1 trusts, by ce nstant attention, to gethcr with a thorough knowledge of the business, to receive their support. _8857 MONSHUR L A HI URTLAUX, Dentist, after a auccessful practice of lils profession for »even jean, ho» great pleasure to state that he may be con »ulled at hi» room, upper clumbers, 67, Swauaton ?trcct, from nine till five dally Tho latest Improve, mentí received rrom I ondon adopted Monsieur R visita Occlonc, the lost three day» of each month, at Mack s Hotel M II begs to etato tint ho ha» no connection with he chemist s establishment. 8791 O CHEMISTS AND DRUOGIS1S, and General Storekccicrs In town ant country-O II W11 llama, Wholesale Druggist, beg» to inform bl» friend» end the tndc general}},tint he has made arrangements for carr j ing out the wholesale drug business in auch a manner as shall secure the approval of all those who ma) favor him with their order» G II W ha» been | long established In the drug trade, and his now «o ex i tenslvcly Increased bl« stock, as to bein a position ' thorouglil) to execute all ordera entrusted to his care From the long and virlcel experience O II W his hid In London, and from his present connections with the first houses In 1 upland, all elntgs aud chemicals can be relic 1 on as of tho bett quallt), and at tho lowest re I numerativo profits Orders from tho countr), Forest Creek, Bendigo, nnl other diggings, Immediately at tended to Great Brunswick street, Collingwood, Mci bourne 54263 R E J WILSON (lato of Greit Coran street, Russcll-tqitirc, I on ion,) Is residing at Richmond, opposito the residence of Janies Henty, Esquire, at home for consultation until halt [eist ten, a.in 6387 MEDIC4-L-MR E W PILGRIM, Member or the Roe al College of Surgeons, London, Llccn Hate of Apothecaries Hall, Lou Inn, baa commenced tho practico of hi» profession at Emly Park, Moorabool River _64966 FOR Stop) ing Occa)cd Teeth -Tho Enamel Cement, for »topping Dec-eyed Teeth, however largo the cavity It la placod in the tooth In a »oft »tate, without any I roaiuro or pain, and »non become» a« har 1 a» the enamel, and will remain firm In the tooth for manj yeir», rendering extraction unnecessary, and arresting tlio further progress of decay AU persons can use tfco Cement themselves, with eise, as lull directions are en clotetl At Mr I »kell s, Surgeon Dentist, Collins street, opposite the Mechanics Institute 7861 MEDICAL -Dr Mihony, formerly In practice In Port Add ildo, may be consulted dally, at 142, Hinders lane, cast, having commenced practica there 66224 IMMIGRANTS AID SOCIETY.-Notice li heroby given, that the above Socle'y lias organized a tem- porary Sick Ward and Dispensary, at tho Houseless Im migrants' Homo, Canvas» To» n, wiioro Dr. Early may be consulted gratuitously dally from nlnu to elev en a m., and medicines procured at moderate chirgcs, or gratli in cas>i of destitution.-JAMES BLACKBURN, lion Secretary. June ISth, 1-03. _ 12767 110 tho Chemists, Dniggists, anil Snrgeons of Col . llngwood, Richmond, and surrounding uelghlior hood.-G. II. WILLIAMS, Wholesale Druggl.t, beg! to Inform the trado that he has now completed his ar- rangements for entering thoroughly into tho wholesale department, and fruits hy prompt attention to hu luess and supplying every »rtlole of tho best quality and at reasonible prices, to obtain a share of their support. N 11.-Tho entrance to the wholcsile warehouse is from King William-street, at the rear of the present premises, Great Brunswick-street, Collingwood, Mel bourne. 2964 KAYE'S W'orsdill I'llll may noir bo hld wliolcsale, at 68, Llttlo Collins-street, cast. Wm. B. Taylor, »gent. 3080 AYE'S Infants' Restorative, wholesale,at58, Llttlo Collins-street, tait. Wm. B. Taylor, ngent 3681 K DR. 1FFLA, recently one of the Physicians to th» Adclalilo Hospital, miy be consulted at lils roil dence, 105, Flinders-lane, east, near Rusteil-ttreet. 1_4190 CARD_Dr P. Rae Menzies, Menu cr of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, lately medical officer of tho elly parish of Glasgow, 19», Swanston street, opposite tho Host lui. ei3i DR. HALLETT, Member of Uie Royal College o Surgeons and of tha Apothecaries' Company or London, Surgeon or Hie 5th Regiment or Jersey Royal Militia; also, l.ito surgeon to the West Herts County Infirmary, and Assistant Colonial Surgeon, Portland, 4c. Resldcnco: Smith street, between Shepherd»' Ann» »nil Collingwood Brewery, Collingwood. May bo consulted dilly, »t one, at Mr. Ford'», Che. mlit, 67, Swumton-streit. 4075 TO the Inhabitant! and Clergy .ÍMollouruo and It! vlcliiity. Efflcaclnua euro fur ccrns, bunions, callosities, 4c, without cutting or causli g the »lightest pain, by Mr. Van Meppelt, Ohlropcllit, from tho firm of Van Mop pelt mid Sons, 105, Oxford-street, London. Mr. Van Meppilt's system Is nt once noi c1 and bised upon long experience; it has niched the »mellon of the nobility and gentry In I'.nglind, lie lining by care- ful study and tneiity-threo years' practice, rendered liliutelf master ot that branch or surgical art iuahlih ho lins boon so long ongvgcil. Miy ha consulted dally at 84, rollins street, east, next tntho^lrviuolllie.fnni 10 till 5, »lure upward« of 3000 tistlmoiilnls may bo luij cctcd from medical geiitlemiu from allpirt» of Eng)»»!, »Illili have been prcsoiitid to bim many years after attondanco. L'-dios and gmtlctucu nttcndid at their own resi- dent, by giving a day's unlico. Consultation freo. 8973 Caution. ROBIinitY.-Union Bank of Australia.-The publlo aso hereby cautioned «gainst receiving Notes pur porting io bo tho I»suo of this Hnnk, and of the deiioml nation and number« undermentioned a onset of Note Forms having been stolon from Hio ship HtratL"don, In Hobson'! Bay, and put In circulation with turfed Slg. nature« : C1, No, 160,001 to No. 172,000 6, 42,000 " 46,000 IO, from No. 7,oin ara! up» urda 20, " 6,001 " 60, " 1 fo No. 1,000 J. BLACKWOOD, Manager. July 2,18W._ 1169 NO 1 ICE -All jiartlci who have left boxes or big/ago orany kind at (ho »tore» or Aloxtiudor Wilson, Hindon street, oro requested to remove tho said goods a» cirly a» poailblo, the room being required for otl er purposes -ALEX, WILSON, NEPHEW, A CO July lit, 1*83. lil OlICi: lo Uu'ehirs, CnttliMlealor», Ac - Ml por. sons nro cailloned from pure basing Cattle bintiiled SIM off »hie, MS otf rump, as none havo beon told from tho station. JOHN P. HOWE, Rcstelowu Camiuspu. _ 6960 NO1 ICI, - A» It appear» that lomo party or panie» have boin using my name in liujliuf goods, of »hooi I know notlilui-, I hereby caution the publie »giln.it glvIng nny one f,noels except mjselfor order. JAMLS M'ADAM, SchU water Manufacturer. 14th Juni, 1853 7103 NO 1 ICE-Notice is hereby given, thiet unless tlio black Horse, branded II 8 uosr shoulder, nuil S under «idilio nearside, »ont to our paddock by George Mitchell, Kenden, on flin lCth August lui, ben moved within uni mniith from (bli dalo, it will ho told to ile. fnvy tho cxponsos. T. and C. PEUVOR, Laugh y, Mount Mao iluii, 20th July, 1X5J. b.104 NO I ICH-All pirllos having druyi, «aildlol, or lumms nt our yunis, ure rmiuoslcil to reinovo the »anio »llhln one mimili from this date, or Iho artlolei will bo thon »ni 1 hy mutton, lo dijray expensii, »he- llier left for nile with resirvn, or othorwlio. June 14th, 1B53. M.MoCAWACO._7603 NOTICE to Depositors nf Faltungen' Luggage and Ilnxei at Pukforil, Orel lllo and Co.'« Stores. All pcrtoni lim Ilig Juggago anil lioxei «tared, (not mer. chauillte) aro hereby required to ruinovo tlielr property from the above Stonie nu or before the 3Iit day of July, 1851, or Uioy will ho sold by miction. PICKFORD, GHEVILLEuiiil CO., rilndors-itroot. July Olli._4006 II'.lohn (linly doe» tint rall and nlenso tlfli Hono that ho lift lu my iliarg», within fnurtien days from thli date, ho »hail bo told lo nay oi|hiiisps. Rom huno, . ? " 1AMIÎ8 YEOMANS, NOTICE.-The pub)lo are otutloned »gulnit pur oliriliig any hortet or bullock» dosorlbctt a» un- der, a» they have been »tolen from the owner i-A large dark bay Hone, It on shoulder, croll under liddle, targe loir on wither, elawu ihoulder, twitch tali i dark bay Maro, BRA on »boulder, mark uuder tall, living bten horned by a bullock | dark brown a bullock, LM|oaiiJolned, me, borní civUnd turned Injdark A brown bullock poley, M m et red »Ide Bull Mag, white f«oe, kneei turned In aT| little »potted Hull Wag, JC| Ure roan Bulloak, 3 in circle on »Ide. 112» TAKEN, from Two Bushrangers, at Gunawarra, the station of A.M. Campbell, Esq, Two horses, described as under. A good looking brown gig Horse, aged, 16 hands high, off fore and hind fetlocks white, star in forehead, partial blase in knee, white mussle off side, snip white branded, off shoulder. A well bred dark chesnut Horse, aged , 16 hands high, branded AP conjoined near thouldtr. Alto, Two Hiddle», Two, Hildlii.t Martlogilo, »ml « äluglo Dirrill«. Gun. Tendera» TO Contractor».-Tonders are reqnlrod'for the »Iter- ations and addition» to a Shop In Colllna-etreet, caat; apply at tho Offico of tho undersigned, Arthur Kewson, 3, Lonsdale-street, west._901» SEWERAGE and Water Commission.-Tenders will be received at this Office until Wednesday, 18th day or August next, from parties willing to tender for the grubbing or stubbing up the timber on the site of the proposed Reservoir, at Yan Yean on the Upper Plenty. Particulars may be had at the Engineer's Office, Town Hall, Melbourne; the Pilgrim Inn, the Plough Inn, and the Bridge Inn, all on the Plenty-road, or from Mr. Taylor, the Assistant Engineer, on the ground. The tender may be either for the whole or part, and parties tendering must be prepared to commence oper- ations immediately. Office of Commissioners of Sewers &c;, Town Hall, Melbourne. 23rd July, 1863. TO Builder».-Tender» will be received at the Offico of tho undersigned, until Thurstlay, 28th hut., for the erection of a Bino Stone Storo In King-street; apply for all Information to WHARTON A BURNS, Archl tcct», Colllns-ttreet. _»»l8 OLONIAL Euglncer'a Office, Melbourne, 16th July, 1353.-Approach» to Prince'» Brlelge. Tendera will be received until eleven o'clock on Tues- day, the 28th day of July, next, from parties willing to eontract for work required in repairing the approach« to the Prince's Bridge. Plan» and »pcciflcationa can be leen, and further par- ticular» obtained, on application at the Colonial En. glneer'a Office. The tender» endoreed, .' Tendera for Repairing the Approaches to the Prince'« Bridge," to bo deposited In the Tender »or, at the entrance to the Audit Office. Tho Government will not necessarily accept the low- est, or any.tcndcr. 8AM. CHAS. BREES, Act. Col. Engineer._ »222 SYDNEY ROAD. -Tender» w11! be,received until one o'clock on the 18th July inst, from parties willing to contract for pitching and metalling about fifty-tbrco (53) chain» of the Bj-dney Road, near tho Young Queen Inn, according to plan and specification to bo »een at the office of the Inspector-General of Hoads, Wllliam-strcct. Melbourne. Tender» endorsed " Tender for Sydney Road,'' to be forwarded, pre paid, to the Prealilcnt of the Contra! Road Board, Melbourne* The Hoard will not necessarily accept the lowest or any tender. Central Road Board Office, Melbourne, _20th July, 1853._ | ! 7858 TO Contractor«.-Tender» will be received by mo upon Monday, the first of August, for the whole or several works required lu the erection of a stone .toro, of two floor», in Ellxabelh-strcct, for Meian. Cox, Shaw, and Co. Plans and the specification may be impected at my omeo. II. D. G. RUSSELL, architect, 32 Collins street, west._._7278 TENDERS, In duplicate, addressed to D. A. C. G Bower, will be received at the Commissariat Office until noon on Tueaday, 26th July, for the under, mentioned supplies required for the u«e of Her Mejeaty'i .hip Electra, via. : Biscuit . 10,000 pound». Rum . 180 gallon». Sugar ... ... 1200 pounds. Chocolate. 700 " Tea . 120 " Soap . 400 " Mustard . 60 " Pepper . 25 ,, The whole to be of the bett quality, deliverable dar- ing the first week in August, alongside Her Majetty'a ahlp Electra. Each tender to be accompanied by a letter from two rcspontlble partie» willing to become bound for the doe performance of the contract. Commlsiarlat Victoria, Melbourne, 21st July, 1853. _8009 TO Contractor».-Tender» are required for the matons' and carpenter»' woik (labor only) to be done in the erection of the basement portion ot a n ' Independent ohapel, Oxford-street, Collingwood ¡ pl»a and »peclfitutlon may be »een at my office, where tender» will be received until Wednesday, 3rd August. ALFRED T. SNOW, Architect,70,Ellzabetb- ttreet. _ 8731 TO Quarryman.-Tendera will bo received by mo until 3rd August for the supply of blue »tono for Ih» nbovo chapel; ALFRED T. SNOW, Architect, 70, Elisabeth »trcet._ 673J TO Builder».-Tenders are required fur the lèverai work» to be done In erecting gaUcrleato St. Ste- phen's Church, Richmond. The plans and »peclfica tlons to'be leen at the office of the underalgncd, to whom tender» are to be lent by Monday, lit of August. J. A C. WEED, Architect», 126 Collina, atrcet, west. 8607 Stew Works. JUST Published-The Victoria Gold Vainer'» Ready Red-oner, anti A»«nyor'» Chemical Guide: Price 3». 6d.¡ telng a Manual dcacrlptive of the ordinary at well a» of the eclenttflo mode» of conducting assays, with table» for aiccrtalnrng the carat value of gold, and Its »Icrllng value from £2 10». to *4 6s. 9d. per ounce. Tho chemical Instruction» by J. C. Scoflern, M.B. The calculation» prepared by W. M. Higgin», F.G.S.-John Pullar and Co., 44, Colllni-ttrcct, weat. 64468 JUST Published-A now Idea ; letter to Hi» Excel. lencyC. J. LaTrebe, on tho Land Question. To bo bad of nil bookseller». 6353 ?torete. COLES BONDED STORE.-Notice It hereby given that the undermentioned charge» will be mado on all good« bonded on and after the lit day of July next, an! on all good! remaining In bond on the 1st day of Oatsviier [next, bonded prior to the lit of Jo'.y. Homing and Deliver. marking. Rent, tag. ». d. . a. . d. _ ». d. Pipe or punch. .. t . . se « . Hogihtad . 1 . 1.« 3 0 Barrel. 1 . le 1 . >_uartcr-eask. 1 « . 0 1 . Tierce tobacco ... 1 6 1 . 3 . Half do. do.. 1 . 1 « 3 6 Keg or box, 250 1 0 IO le Do. 120 . 6 0 . e . Large eaie cigars 2 6 3 0 3 0 Small do. 1 . le 1 . Box elgin, 1000 0 3 0 3 0 3 .jo. 0 3 0 .1 «3 « gallon cale. 0 6 0 6 0 0 i « gallon do. 0 4 0 4 " " 2 gallon do.0 3 0 3 Chest tea.0 « 0 4 Half do do . 0 3 0 3 Catty boxes. 0 3 0 1 Copper, per pkge. lewt and under 0 3 0 3 .Orcrscwt. 0 3 OS W'uiar ExiMnunott «. a. Case ctgan.3 6 6 or 4 gallon case. 0 2 2 gallon ease. 0 1 Repackt .4 0 Simple. 4 0 Rogange " " 22nd June, 1853. STORAGE.-Goodi itored ; apply to Maxwell and Robertson, opposite Bank or Australasia. A Storo uinn wanted._6029 STORK Room.-Store Room may be hod for floor an and other merchandlie, at P. Just and Co., Flin den-strect. Wharf._ 8281 PICKFORD, GREVILLE, and CO., Storer« and General Carrier«, the Wharf, Fllndert-ttrcet. Merchandise carefully itored. Good» conveyed threo times a week to tho various digging». 5057 STORAGE, Storage, Storage; 41, Mnrkcttquare west,-Goods «toredliy th < undorjlgnod, at abovo on tho usual terral.-J AMES KEELE, 69, Queen ttreit _ 87» STORAGE ! Storage ! .'-Storage-room for700tons, eartngo to tho lame on very moderato teran t »pi ply at lit Lonsdnlu street, east. 8018 COLONIAL Produce.-Importer» Instead of having their goods openly oxposud on tho wharves, should have them safely stored at tho Ball Alley Sale Room, ' Little lluurkc-ctrce!, whore Hiero is accommodation for 2000 tons moasureinert of goods. 8539 BRITISH Merchandlie.-H you jrantflrst-rato «toro I room, you will find the Ball Alley Stores the most oxtemlvo and liest In Melliourne._B540 AMERICAN Merchandise.-Take.your goods to the Hall Alloy Slnro, Llttlo Bourko-itrcct, »boro thero Is nbuuduuee of room, commission moderate for selling, and no «tarago, laborago or my other charge made. 8541 STORAGE, Storage, Storage-Tho undersigned J havo now room for tho storage of four or Uvu hundred toni of merchandise, at tho usual rate». These stores aro mast eligibly situated, .being No, 43¿, Market-square. They aro substantially built of hi [ck, perfectly dry ptbereforo the finest description of goods will ho perfeatly loouro In them. Í.UOK 4 BEATSON. 431 Marhot-iquare, opposite the Bank of New South Wale»,_'6408 STORAGE.-StorngoJtiinm for Ono Tlinumnd Tons Korihnnillse. JOHN «HUIONS, (_ucon.»trcot, adjoining Dickson, Gilchristami Cn'i, Ci>27 STORAGE for Good« and Luggage con bo obtained at moderate rates by applying at U. Howson'» General Stores and Livery Stables, Goro-»troct, Colling, wood, near the Collingwood Hotel. psm CARD.- I.eiegtigo and Light Good» oare'fully alorcd by Thomas and trodd ; cliargo moderate. 74, Great ColUnfitrcct, weit, .oppotlte Bank of Au;, tralaila. 0231 Ooltt, Wool, Tallow, «he. ADVANCES on Gold Dust, Ao.-Tho imtlcrilgned will make liberal advnnoo» mi Wool, Tallow, anti Gobi Duat, consignee! to Mosin. Itoelferiiaail Alexander, 33, Great WluolieiloMtroot, Loudon. THOMAS AND REW, «1, Mirket-tquaro,_64627 TO Lend upon good security ; apply £1000 Ei. a: [ /'Oil AAA TIIEunilerslgnedarolnitruetedto of good Improved Clly or Suburban Property. Partie« having mi)' property of till» doicrlptlim for «lipnuil, will pleno to communicate forthwith. P. DAVIS and CO., City Mart, 48, CoIUiu-itrcet,eait._MOE NOTICE to Butcher« inn Olhen.-Thoiinileiilgned »re pnroiiiiscn of mutton and beer Ait, and tallow, nt the msrkot prloe, iloliverod «t tholr itoret, 9, Lou», italo.street, we»t, »ml at tholr works, Kensington, near Flemington, BENN mid CO._06338 mo the Sottlort of the Wollom Dlitrlet-Wool. X The imilerslgno 1 li a caih purolimor of the oniulng i itaion't clip. Arthur Hcauoliatup, llolfait. Port Fairy. _2_68178 THE Uniicrtlgned are prepared to pnrchaie or matt I tilvtiicei on all descriptions of Colonial Product cotulgncd to their frlendi. Meurt. Baring, BroUien, tnd Co. GOODMAN A UMPHELBY, I, Collin! ' itrcot. 14129 ' MONEY lo ho Lent on Mortgage on Freehold Sent- I rltyt apply tor " ' Solicito«, Melbourne. jltyt.anpiy'tÔMctir^ VobU* Meetjtatr. XT°TICfc.-To thec ProprUtora' of land In Colling. JJI wood, Richmond, Prahran, and Brighton. A Pub. Ile Meeting will take placo on Monday, 1st August, at the Swan Hotel, Richmond, to adopt meaiurc» for re- pairing Church-street, and building a bridge aeróse tlio Yarra at tho bottom of tho lime street. Tho chair will bo taken at «oven o'clock. All who feel Interested are respectfully requested to attend. 8397 , Wine »Pd Spirit »tore». BENJAMIN WILLIAMS A SONS, b4 Great Bourko street, west, having removed their business from Bwanston-strcet to the above commodious premise», are enabled to oller to families, the trade, and storekeepers, coneldcrable advantage« lu «malley, quantity, and price, of the following good«, a portion only of their »took, natnoly: Martell'a and Hcnneiy'a brandy, In hilda., quarter casks, and case» Jamaica, B. I., and other rum« Cale Geneva, Old Tom, ami Bcheldam Port, »berry, champagne, claret, and various oholce wine» Lemon »yrup, raipberry vinegar Ginger wine, liqueur», Ac, Ale a'nd porter In wood and bottle, cM»r Flour, beat Adelaldo Ditto, American, In barrel) Tea, in whole, half, and quarter chote Sugar», butter, cheese Pickles, aauccs, oatmeal Rice, elgar», tobacco Bran, rnaixo, oat» ' llama, bacon, Ac."_48237 MELBOURNE HOUSE.-To the Residents of St. Kilda and Rrlghton.-We beg to call your at- tention to our Btockor Wine», Spirits, Beer, Ac, which for quality Is equal to any stock In Melbourne, having boen carefully selected by u» from tho beat markets. DASRX* '" """jT 1»"°°0 Other brandies In bottle« and on draught Lownde»' Altona gin in 1 and 2 doten case« Key brand Geneva do. liest Jamaica rum Burdon'» best palo sherry Duff Gordon'» brown sherry Do. palo sherry Offley'» choloctt old port Sweet Lisbon wlno Byass'» porter, ale, Ac., With which wo can supply famille» at Melbourne price». j WM. NORTON, A CO., Melbourne House, Grey »tract, St. Kilda. 6183 "VTOTICE OF REMOVAL-J. A P. BROWNE, ro i.1 moved from their Store, 84, Colllns-atroet, west, I to their Storo at the corner of Wllliam-itrcct and i Great Bourke-strcct, havo on »ale Pole and brownarandy, In liluls. and qr. cask» Champagne (finest Slllery), Claret, in case» Rum, W.I., 8 to 10O. P., In hilda. Sherry, In hhtls. and qr. cask». Oat», bran, malte, and aaddlcry, daily ex pected. t ^ ( 21st February, 1863._6379 FOR SALE, at the Couti) Ing House of the Under- signed Rum and brandy, In hhda. and case» Whisky, in caska Genera, In case« Port, in casca Sherry, in liluls. qr.-eatka, «clave« and cue»; Teneriffe, lliqr.,cask» Champagne Hock Claret Vldonla Bucclla. J. B. WERE A CO. Melbourne, Juno 17,1853. , 62443 WINE and Spirit Stores, adjoining the Union Bank. -Tho undersigned has on Sale, at Import price», Rnixnr-Martell'a, In and out ofbond Rou-Jamaica and East India,do. do. Whisky-Islay and Campbelltown, do. do. do. Do. do. in liottlo Geneva-Key brand Foir Wini:-Hunt's, Sandcmnn's, one diamond, two ' diamond», and three diamond» Sueirt-Uurdou'a, and other favorite brand» palo an golden Ali:-Alsop's and Bau'« PoarE«-Whitbread'« , Alio, Lisbon, dry and sweet wine» Champagno Claret Cordials, .Synipt, Ae. A. CAMPBELL BROWN. Melbourne, February 21st, 1853. 6380 riHIE American Stores. - Wholesale and Reta I J. Grocery, Wine» and Spirit».-CHARLES L. MORRIS A CO. take pleasure lu announcing to their numerous friends ami tho publia In general, that they hare commenced business in those well-known premises 1, FllndorsJ-anc, west. Having a large and carefully »elected rtoek, they feel assured they can mako It for the Intcroit of all thoso wishing .in article which can be depended upon to purchase of them, being fully deter- mined to »eil nothing but tho purest spirit» and tho liest of groceries, and by that mean» to merit and rccclvo a full »hare of the public patronage. To those at the mines they would most respectfully »ay, a« thoy have mado arrangements willi carrier« to Bendigo, Forest Creek, and M'lvor, to carry for them twlco a week. Par- ticular attention will bo paid to all orders which thoy ROBERT HAWLEY A CO., 19, FHndera.lane, weat Melbourne. Order» for wine», spirit«, 4c., tor, wardell by their agenta, A. W. TOOTAL A CO. Prahran. And by Mr. J. A, EDWARDS, Hawthorne, near Richmond-bridge. 0047 Hártela «ntl Befk*e_une««t Meeme. GLEN LYON INN, Wettern .Port Dlttrict, four mile! from Spring Creek Digging», .and eight from Ballon'Creek.-C. R. Thllllp» bcgi to Intimate to hit friends and th« public, that tie hal purchased the above promises, and obtained the transfer from Mr. Murray, and that It Is as replete al possible with evory attraction. The houso affords ample accommodation for travellers, the situation Is ono of tho most healthy and delightful in the neighborhood, and the proprietor reell allured that the arrangements will be found such al cannot fall to insure tho ontire approbation of those who may honor him with -their patronage. Neither palm nor cxpcnie havo been spared In securing a first rate stork, mid tho service of efficient servants to carry out W10 object of the proprietor, to iccuro latlsfuction to all. Good Stabling and an extensive riddock woll «ntered hy the Loddon, which rum through It. Diggers' Horses taken In at 10s. por week. 8802 HE Oxford University and City CotTee Hotel. Thomas C. Gosling bogs rcsjicetiully to announce to his friends and the publia generally, that In onlcr lo meet the rcqulremonts of ladies, gintlemen,and families arriving at Hil« the great centro of the gold Held», and tho »«»lie town for surrounding districts, he has built now'Iargo and commodious premises In Liltleton itroct, nair Hie Presbyterian Church, and within ono mluute's walk ef the Market, whore, by »Irlct attention to tho comfort nnd convenience of his guests, ho hopes to be favored with a liberal amount of patronage. An Ordinary at 2 p.m. N.B.-Good Beds and Stabling. Castlemaine, March 32nd, 1853. 2811 OVENS ROAD-Travollera aro Informell that on ami after the 1st July next, good accommodation, first-rato wines, aplrils, and refreshments, will ho sup filled at Ui» new township of Greta, formerly known at he Fifteen Milo Creek, Situated liilf-wny between liena'Ia and Wangaratta, whero a publican » general license has been granted to Mr. A M Uolwny, under tho sign of tho GOLO-M-EKERS' JNN. Mr Holwa) -being well acquainted with the require, menta of tnvdler« to and from tho tyld fields, trusts bj strict attention nn I equal ctvilit) to all classes, to merit tho support of the polillo travelling on Ulis road SlaW'rg. hav, corn, »lock ) arils, paddocks 6¿702 OYAL MAIL HOTEL, BUNINYONG-Jame« Porter respectfully bega to announce to hi« friend» and the public, that tho nbnve establishment Is now open for their rccoptlon, and trente that the arrangements thathavo been mane to ensuro tho comfortof all parties visiting Um house, will scciiro him a filr diaro or patron, ago mid support, 'the premises having I ecu erected Tor Uio oxpress purpose, nn 1 regnnllcs» of expense, will bo found replete with tvo-j convenience, possessing mun erous private apartments, both for »i'tlug and heil, rooms lu tho ciliar department no paint has o been »Hired In selecting a »took of nine» and spirits of overy vnrlot), and of tho best quality Ale» and porter of tlio belt brands, In draught nu 1 liottlo Good stabling, and a small secure paddock for tho convenience of partie' travelling with stock Pair hqrso v chicles for town, o any part or the Digging», al« ija lu readiness July 1st, 1353 1586 FLEMINGTON Hotel, LIvory and Hilt Stables . Charles Whltboiirnc, late trainer and tteld groom to D. G Slmpton, 1 sq , bega most respectfully to In- form settlers, and persons travelling to and trim the digging«, Jio has taken thoto commodious and nell known stählet, hull ick anti sheep j nrdl, and ti list» by itrlct attention anti civility, to merit a ihoro of publlo {utronaro Oatt, liny, and oaten atraw on reatoi alda erms Horses broken to «addie and lurnea» 8302 Grazing- Paddocks. DANDENONG Grazing Vaddnok, niljoliilng the tonuslilpof Dnndenoiig, twinty mile« from Mut bourne i horses ami bullock« will bo received. II, C. WALKER. N II. Edward Cousins, Hie »howman of Mauri. Bear nnd Son's Sale-yard (»hero boeill lie icon every day), « 111 semi stuck to the paddock for p irttei. 60019 VEND Gold Held.-PurllM proceeding to tho nlioio'gold fluid can havo tholr horses properly attended to hy havlngthoin fiirwmdcd to Hie Wotirnluy Station, mi Held Croik, two milos from tho loner Spring Creek Diggings. Tho eattlo nru titled out all Ilia din- on first ruto roed, and put into n largo mid secure pad. j dock at night, 'lorim, ii vc Blillllnu« u head per wooli. 397 MOUNT ARARAT Paddock«.-13,000 acres, rouced In.-From lit April, the termi ror grazing w11! ho £2 li*, per annum, or a less period, payable on re- moval. No responsibility. No entire «lock admitted. N.B.-I lum« taken to tho paddocks and ro-dollvereil at P. Mllrlek'» Victoria Stuhlci, Swautton-itroot, every Thursday, at ivory uiodornto charge». 39» S. HENRY CLUTTERBUCK. NOTICE.-To Stockholder! and Othori.-Mlokla and Bakewell Inform their frlendt tiul the public, that, from tilla date, thor rclluqulih their huslnei« ni eattlu hrokon In ftivur of Melin. Kayo trul Untohnii, for whom thoy lollclt a noiitlniinnco of that mpiiort wlilch thoy have received during tho time Uiey have boon In huslnei!. Willi reforonoe to the aboro, the tindorilgnod havo to »tale that thoy will do «1! In their power In gain that ronllilonco which Moura. Mickle and llnkoiroll havo ob tal mil, and they truit, by «trtut attention lo builnoi», and promptitude In milling nooounti, ti) moot with a continuance of tho «anio mpuort. KAYE and BUT. CHART. 41, Honrko-itroet, July lit, 181»;_t mo Ownen of llouici, Cottnirei, Building allot X minti and Country Lamil.-If you want to make tho molt of your property, employ tn ñld Auctloiteir who li well tcnitalntcd lioth with land and cottigc», and «rho wat originally brought up to tho legal pro fettle«, J. HURIIBY, W, Elleibtlll-tlrcct. 1143 I*CÍ\f\ REWARD.-Union Rank of Australia. dwDUl/ Wbereaa a Box containing blank form» o Notes shipped n London, per Stratheden, for the Mel .bourno Branch of the Union Hank of Australia has been stolen from the lighter or wharf and some of the note« circulated with Forged Signature». The cubilo are cautioned against taking »ucli forgorlcii and a Reward of CtOO (s hereby offered to any person who will (tv« snob InformaUon as will lead to the conviction of the thief or thieves, and recovery of the Note».-J. BLACKWOOD. Manager._loot TEN POUNDS REWARD.-Tho undermentioned seamen having desertcel from tho Danish barque Cheruika, the above Reward will be given to any party on inch Information being laid down as will lead to their apprehension. Royal Danish Consulate, J. B. WERE. Niel Hommeltof NI» Lundbek Hans Jensen Enneraa», _Hans Peter Kofort._ IU3f lOUR POUNDS REWARD-Strayed from » Pad _ dock at South Yarra, a light Grey Hone, nearly white, but ticked with small brown epoti, or flea-bitten i switch tail; branded on near rib» with« half olrcleand bar. Ila» mark» of being lately blistered all round. Alto a Bay Pony, branded F near ahoulder, and with « white patch on one of the hind fetlocks. Any on« bringing tho above, or furnishing aatlafitctory Infor- mation to Mr. BALUIRNIE, Balmerino Home, South Yarra, will receive tho Reward of two pounds for each horse. _W84 TEN POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or Strayed from near Altken'a Gap, on Friday laat, one large black Entire Hone, »tar in forehead, mottled note, two hind feet white, no vlalble brand. Whoever will give »nch Information to the underalgned as will lead to the re corcry of the said hone, »hall receive Five Pound» If strayed, or Ten Pound» on the conviction of the ofren- den. JAMES WRIGHT, timber merchant Mel nonrne, 16th May, 1863._»346« ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.-Ab «conded from our atore, about 15th May laat. Michael Thomaa Stacy Wal»h, taking with him a mm of money ; the above Reward will be given to any penon F prehension (he Is a young man, about S feet » inches in height, fresh complexion, dark hair, blue or grey eves, and wean a mouatacho), by applying to Charles Mac- kellar and Co., »toTekeepcn Nine Mile Creek, Ovens, or James HcmphlU and Company, Melbourne, «hall receive the above Reward. June 1st, 1853._UM EN POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen, from the Mall Station, Little River, Melbourne-road, on the after, noon ef the 14th Inltntit One dark bay Horse, black points, branded TO on off aide neck, toro on near »hie neck, done by the collar, almilar toa team, about three inche» long. One bright bay Hone, white face, branded on off »Ide neck TO, near hind and near fore foot white, with a bar on near »boulder. The »um of Ten Pounds will Ira paid to any party who may find the aboved described horses, and bring to con- viction the thief or thieve», or a »um of Two Pounds (£2) per head will be paid to any party delivering tlio sahl hone» to the Mall Station, Ltttlo River. THOMAS GIBSON. Geelong, May 16th, 1863. «4637 CAUTION to Poundkeepera, and Others.-Lost from the M'lvor Digging», on Wedneaday morning, Juno 15th, a dark bay draught Mare, rising five years old, long mano and tail, white star in forehead, a white patch inside the off hind fotlock, a little white on the hoof adjoining, branded F near ahoulder, the brand« scarcely visible. U Reward will be given for any Infor- mation that wtll lead to Its recovery ; address William Bennett, irish Town, 8. Q._1687 CAUTION to Ponndkeepor» and Others.-Lost or Stolon, about fifty miles from Melbourne, on the Ovens River Road :- ' A cheinut draught Mare, no brand», silvery mane and tall, rather large Joint«. Also, a bay draughtllorae, branded JP near »boulder from a paddock near Melbourne. Alto,a black draught Mare, branded S near shonlder, near hind fetlock white, from a paddock In Little Brighton. Any person bringing the same to O. COATES, Port Phillip Club Hotel Stables, or giving such information a» will lead to their recovery, shall receive Five Pounds for the cheinut mare, »nd Three Pounds each for the other two. 5463S FIVE POUNDS REWARD.-Strayed or Stolen from Mount Korong Digging«, a light Chemut Hone, bang tall, no vltible brand, «mall white «tar In forehead, slightly «addie marked, and iraall white trot on off hock, rather near lighted. Whoever will bring the abort hone to Mr. E. WOOD, Geelong) or to the Geelong Store, Mount Korong, thall receive Five Foundt Reward. Monnt-Korong, June 28th, l61«. 3210 EN POUNDS REWABO.-Loit from Goolong. Out Blick Cobb Horte, branded E off «boulder, A NC near neck, liar on forehead, hind feet white, .II htly lame In forefoot. The above Reward will be paid to any party that will bring th» hone, or dire information a» will lead to her recovery. JOHN DHRPE, Oxford Arm«, Geelong._314» WO POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or Strayed, a Bay Mare, branded WT> off neck under mane, left tait on the W Creek with her foal. Whoever will bring the «ame to JAMES WALKER, Ship Inn, Flinders lane, shall receive the above Rewan!. 8794 NE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.-Whereat a bay Mare, thorough bred, black point«, branded TW conjoined on «houlder. No. «3, arrow over 4, l8 hands high, aged, wa» stolen from the Edward« River during my absence. Tho above mare waa atolen from near Deniliquin, Edward« River. Th» above Reward to be paid on conviction of the thief or partiel concerned In the robbery. JAMES MONKES. Campbcll'i Creek, July 7th, 1653. 3130 TO Auotloneeri, Poundkeepcn, »nd Other».-Stolen or Strayed, from th» Back Creek, on lb* 18th, ont brown llora» branded TW COX on «ii ntar iboulder. MO Reward «HI bt rlrt» m eonrletioa « th» thltf or thlerce,*aod rteoviry of the horte, and 14 Reward If strayed; and I hereby caution Potndkeepert, Auc- tioneers, and Olhcii, »galmt buying or detaining the laid hont. Signed, TU08. WHITE. May Hit, 1813. 789 TEN Pouiida Roward.-Caution to Ponndkcepera, Auctlonecn, Ao.-Strayed or Stolen, on the night of the Sih of June, near tho Pick and Shovol publie honte, M'lvor-road, one Black Mare, blase down face, hanging netherlip, hind fetlock» white, branded Wif »hou der. One Hone, dark brown, »addie marked, white »pot on note, rl| ped off »Ido thigh, brandad Jil conjoined on near tide »boulder, and VT near side ad- die. The sum of five pounds sterling per held, wlllb) paid to any party who will bring the »aid hone, to Mr. C. V. S BITTER, 17, Great Lonidale-itreet east._|_7437 FIVE Pound» Reward.-Stolon or Strayed, a Ray Mare, branded C on near neck, A on near »lwul. der, JM on off »honhlor, G under mane : missing from the White Hllls.'on the 16th June, 1853. Any person bringing the same to Mr. John Curran'« »tore, white and green Da", first White Hill, or to Mr. JOHN PELLY, Hoy.-.l Oak, Geelong, »hall receive the above Reward._lil (IAUTION to Auctioneer», Poundkcepen, and J Othcn.-Strayed or Stolen from Irlihtown Plcn'y-rond, n Bay Hone, branded MM off »boulder, willi slight blaio around tho eye», Ifstraycd, a Re- ward of Fivo Pounds will be given on delivery of the »arno to Mr. Edward Wood, at hi» Grocery Store, Darebin Creek, nut! if »toien, Ten Found» will bo paid on conviction of the thief. 8937 FIVE Pound» Reward.-Stolen or »Iraycel, from back of Fifth While. Hill, a bay Cob. with short square tall, star on furehcad, like a wrlngbone on the otf fore foot, branded 1W au off »boulder. Thcibov« Reward will be paid on delivery of the hone at Mr. Bird's, Vlewl'olnt, Bendigo. MICHAEL LEAHY. 64*61 CAUTION to Poundkcepors. Auctioneers, Ac-A Reward of ti esch hone. Stolen from Ihe paddock of the undersigned, it Cralglo Durn, on tht Sydney, road, on Iho lit or 2nd Inst, two Horser.vlr,. i-One bay Horre, branded'EB near shoulder, blomlili near foro font, caused by hobble«. One cheinut Hone, branded EU near shoulder, »tar on forehesd, near hind foot whlto, collar-marked on both ihoulderi. The lionel nro named Bob and Sam. Whoever may glvo Infor- mation that will lead to the recovery of the Honu or conviction of the thief, will receive the above Reward by applying to Mr. Thomot Taylor, at Mr. Rowley«, tailor, Elleabeth-itreet, Melbourne. EDWARD BRADLEY, Craigie Burn. 4th July, 1683. 1348 OTICEto Poundkeeperi nnd Other!.-Stolen or Strayed, from Wlnter'i Flat, on tho 27th Moy, a black Horso, branded 3 Coff shoulder, horseshoe nour .boulder, II off mane, and uptare tall, riling 3 yean old. A Howard of ti will ho paid on delivering the .anioio Morrlion't store, Winter'! Platt or £1» on conviction oftlio thief, If it.lou. It. A. MORRISON. 88238 MerebMdlae, AltPENTEIt'S Work Simp.-To Lot, a convenient Workihop, and the uio of a lurga Van! ; apply at Mr. WYsthv'l, No. 3, Alfretl.plnce, Cnlllni-itrcot, Eastern Hill._881)8 EX Janie».-Now landing.- Wedding Cnkei, msilo hy »('Arthur, llutulioson-stieit, Ulasgow, on sale by Hobt. Iluvvley mid Co., 19,1 llndurs-liino, vrcit, _8041 FOR Sale, 7000 Lnuiicostnti Paling!, linnMi's River Pntatoei, Van Dlomon't Lainl Jamt apply lo Richard Sililcstngor, I'llndon- itrout, next to II. and J. Cooke'«, 9012 FOR Hale, two throo-ronmed Brick Verandah Cot- tage«, »Ituatu In Great Nupler.stri ct, Collingwood, adjoining ('ullin'« Timber Ynnl ; tor parllotilnrs npply to lllohnnl Schlrslngor, adjoining Mown. Cooke'«, t'llndori.street. 0043 ^Olt Sulo, llnlf.noio Allotment In Clmrch.streot, F __ Richmond, facing Hhueily'i Richmond Hotel, and heilig a mott splendid »Ho ror hustiiti«; apply to Klchjitl Suhloilnger, rilndci'i.stroet, Molbournv. 0044 FOR Salo, Allotments of Land fronting Westgarth, Cecil, and liiltle Brunawlok-streeta, Collingwood, and Li nnnr street, Bit hmond, opiKjslIe tho ruldonco of W. Hull, Est| ; apply to Richard Sehlesltiger, Min tiers »trcet. 0016 FOR Sale, tim foiir-rooinid Brick Cottage»,»limited In Klng-slroot, iicnrColUni-alreel, adjoining Tay. lor'» tlmber.yardi fur particular»apply Itlclnrd Sohle .Ihgcr, adjoining li, and J. Cooke », 111 ndcri-itrcct. «046 SOUND nuil While Teeth uro not only Indispensably requisito to n pleasing exterior In both lexel, but (hey am peculiarly appreciated through lilt) ns a bli'«» Ing highly conducive to thu pur pom i of health mill longevity. Among Um various proieiriitloni offered fur (ho inn tinto. ROWLAND'S OUONTO.or PEARL DENTIFRICE, ataiida unrivalled lu It« cn|«hlllly (if embellishing, purl ty I ng, mid proscrvlng the tenth lathe Into»! period of life, it will hu found to eradicate nil tartar and concretion», lind Impart a poarMIko white, neu to tho c'liituiolloel »urntoe, romovu »iota of Incipient decay, render Um guim finn and red, and Ilma Iht the teeth firmly In their socket» | awl, from Its oromuUo liilhimii'c, It liii|inrt» iwectnt'ii und purlty lo the breath. Price 3«. Hil. per box, e Cabtiox,-Tlio word« " Rowland's Otlonto" uro on tlio label, anil "A. Howland mid Sun, 20, Halton-gar den," engraved on theOovernnieiititaniiiaillxedoneaoh box. Hold by Mr. SAMUEL t'HOIT, 1'crlumor, Au., Ellmbi'th-ivroet, Melliownr. t, »489 Vartnersblpa. NOTICE -Partnorthlp.-The undersigned beg» to notify that he hat taken Mr. Alfred Bil»» Intov partnership, and that tho burnett will from thli data be carried on under the name» of Dixon and BUM, aa Auctlonetas, Houie, Land, and Cnmmlulon Agenta. He also take» thli opportunity of thanking thoto friend», who havo to kindly supported him during hil k>n_r rcildcnce In tho colony, and assures thom that nothing «hall bo wanting on tho part *f Hie firm, to give future patron» every tatitfoctlon In the transaction of arrr buslnes» they may be entrusted willi.-WILLIAMt DIXON. , _ _ 61, «.uocn.ttreet, 16th July, 1853. - - «ff» DISSOLUTION of Partnership-The Bunine« cor. ried on by Macartney and Galbraith, (fcvmerljr Campbell and Macartney), at No 30, Collint-itreet, weit, a» Engraver» and Lithographer», ba« been thin day dissolved by niutuil consent. WILLIAM MACABTNEY, WILLIAM GALBRAITH. Wilcolo -Thomas Dowling. Melbourne, July 16,1853. Tho bnslncu will now bo carried on under tho name ami Arm of JAMES S CAMPBi:LLandCo,s*lK> »ter authorised to receive »nd pay ill ilobts duo to and hy- the firm at Macartney and Ualhriltli. In rcferenco to tho above notice, we beg to itate, that having engaged efnileiit workmen from London and Germany, wo are cnihlcil to undertake and execute with despatch nil ordert sto nny bo favored with. JAMES S. CAMPBELL and Co., Engraver» and Lithographer», 30, Collins «ti cet, west. 6774 NOTICE.-1 have this div admitted Into Portntr ihlp, my Nephovv, Mr. William Wilson Tlckl». Tho bmliicM will from this dato ho conducted under the firm and ityle of Alexander Wilson, Nophew, and Cov "I Merchant» and Shipping Agents. ALEXANDER WILSON. ' tllndert-ttrect, Melbourne, July 1st, 1883. 364 NOTICE.-Tho undersigned having taken Into par - ncrship his brother Mr. George Mlllot Nantea, tho bualnesi » III In futuro ho conducted under tho sty!» and firm of NANTES BROTHERS A CO., from and after the 1st day or July Instant. Signed, CHAULES NANTES. Gcetong, 4th July, 1883. All account« duo by tho abovo Chnrlei Nantes to that dato, aro requested to bo sent In Tor immediate payment, and all parties Indebted to him are requested to settle their respectivo account« on or before the litrtlay oT" August next. _1MB B COCKER hat the pleasure or Informing hi» . frlindt Hint Mr. William Cocker, late of tho Union Bmk, hin Ulli day been fuken into Partnenrda, and tho business nf the house will In future bo con. ducted under the firm of COCKER, BRO TILERS. l8, Llttlo Collins streit, cast, Melbourne, _14th July, 1853._S60> NOTICE -I have this day taken Into Partnerthlpmy Son, Burton Grave, and tho business will In future bo carried on In the tumo of GRAVE A SONS, Market-square. 21st July, 1853. So*S BUacelUtaeone. . OVERNESS Wnntcil by Mr». Dawson, of Knnga _.' tong, near Port Fairy, eaptihlo of teaching tin usual branche»; also, French, Music, and Dancing j personal application to bo inatlo to Miss Hall, at Mr. Gannon'», Chemist, 27, Great Lonsdale-atrcet, west» Melbourne. «4M TF this- should meet tho cj'e of William Unrko, lato gold-digger, bl« fermer mates William Dillon and G Thomas Carr, are moat anxious he should Immedlatelr write to Mr. Joseph Pelly, Roajkl Oak, Moorabool »trect, Geelong, making known «kjoroiiccanbe found. ? 6SSH1 STAULINU.-To Let, a large two »tailed Stable nat». the «se of a commodious Yard; apply at Mr. Westby'», No. 3. Alfrcd-placo, Collina street, Eastern Hill._eta» TO Let, at 210, Llttlo C'olllns-stroct, catt, two oom modinu» Shol», with Dwelling-houac« attached» apply to Mr. W. Coate», on tho promîtes. 881» O Let, on Building Leases, on tho banka of the Yarra Yarra, part of the Abbotlford Ettate, lo full cultivation, and only thirty minute»' walk from tho Post Office, In two-acre allotments. Tills Is a «»ort dcalrahle chanco for gentlemen engaged In butines« to» qnlrlng a quiet and healthy house out of the excitement of the city. Apply at the counting house of JNGc ORR and CO._77» ? 11HE undersigned have received, ex State nnd Lady . M'Naughtoii, a large quantity of woollen (roods, consisting or »uporfino black and colored cloths, heavy reversible and plain bcavora, wltnoy«, pilots, black and colored doeskin», fancy vosting, trimming», Ac., whict» they tro prepared to »eil to tho Irado at moderet» price». W. A ». LITTLE, 89, Collins- street, eut, l61» BATTY and Cn. of London.-Dltaolutlon of part nenhlp.-London Oatetlt, 20th Augutt, IMS. Notice I» hereby given that tho partnership hitherto tubtlstlng between ua, the undenlgncd, George Haul- and Robert Feast, carrying on Hie bualneat of oil, Italian, and wholeiale and export pickle warehoBsem». heretofore carried on by ut nt Noa. 101 and 103, Leadenhall-strect, and No», 15 and 16, Flntbury-pave mcr.t. Moorfields, both in tho City of London, waa thia day dlaiolved by mutual content. All debts atrina; to and by the tald partner!hip firm will be received and paid by the said George Batty at Noa, 101 and 101» I.cadrnhall »trect, aforesaid, at wltnra» our hand» this llth d«y of August, 18S2, GEORGE BATTY, ROBERT FEAST. Batty and Co., of Lc.idcr.hnll.street, export olhnre* baring determined to girt their undivided attention to the export brinch of their builnctt In the lUpplna; of oilmen'! »torei end provlilom. In consequence nf tha Increaslng demand fur goode or their manufacture, ani- mo» especially io'from the Anitrallan eoionleat hart> for th« convenience of concentration, removed thtlr ofileet from Finsbury-pavement to their tnunuctarlaff «remite», 101 and 102, Laadenhall-ttrett, where, by |fce Increated faellltlu It aflbrdt, they ora prepared to ext- ent» all orden that may be cntruited to tate» »HI» pinela,lily and deipitch. - . Batty and Cn. requrtt their lilendi to «ddrttt alt communication« for them to Lradenhall.itreet, where only their butine«» it now conducted, and to obtarf» that all their good« bear the mark of tho crown royal of England._. _ 8380 ORIGINAL SCOTTISH HOTEL, Bnurkettreet J. FRF.NCIIAM bogt to Intimate to lilt friend» and the public, that he hoi obtained tho transfer of the license of the abovo commodious prcmlsea from Mr. J. C. Passmore, and trust« hy attention to busluctt, he wlllbe favored with a continuance of tho patronage a» liberally bettowed on his predecessor. The wines, spirit!, Ac., arc of the very bett description A limited number nf respectable young monean tv accommodated as boanlçrs. SOW OCH1N-CH1NA Fowls-Poultry funclen may our tain a «ct of 13 Eggs or thli, the illicit breed in th» world, far two guinea», from the only collection of tra» one» In this Colony; apply at tho Shepherds' Ann», Collingwood. 6(08 WINDOW Glati-Hie subscriber« havo muoh pleasure in announcing thal thoy have been ap- pointed b) Mcssn. Chance, Brothers and Co, of Bir- mingham, a» agents for tho «ile ef their celebrated Window Gluts In tho Colony of Victoria, and that tho Ant ihlpiuent» Im o arrived by tho] Tiro Autlionj-s, and! Ajax. Thoy aro also adrlccd of a further shipment of larg* plate glass fur »hop front« Samples of tho various descriptions of gins« mnnitfoo turcd by the Mossn. Chunco, and designs for ornttraetf tal windows having arrived by thu AJn, tlio sub- scribers will be prepared to execute order» for every description of good« in the trade, «elected bj- purchasers from »ami les. To those who aro acquainted with tho gin» trade, It I» needle»» lo do more than llamo Chances' Glass ; bul Is may be neceasarj' to atate, for ceticnl information (nnd this Ula subsci Ibón ran do without four ofcnntniillctlon) that the quality or Chances' glass Is superior to any other mad j throughout the wide world, and Is to tlio consumer, worth 25 per cent moro than nuy other in consequent» of ita excellent temper mid packing, willela ?eciirc» its transmission to theso culoulea In a great measure free from that ruinous breakage which reduce» »he glass tnnlo to n mere lottery. A constant »upplj of tlio various sires, will, a« far a» tiraotlcable, bo alvvuj» kept on hand, N. A It, GUTIl tlDGE, 70, i Ululer« I mc, cast. 168 TNA Gins« and China Moros, 117, Bourke «trcet, eaat, hn» Just received, direct from tho nora« manufacturer, nn oxton ho and tholoo assortment of ftoods which will hu found to equal, If not sundi», any lousoln Melbourne, comprising coi end goods of ovtry description i also rich cut tlcumters, do claret Jugs, do. wlno and champagne glasses, du water carilla, do. tumbler» lu endless v irlctys n largo assortment of prty. |inrcel soda, ginger beer nobbler and othor tumblon; tlectro platal cruet frimes nilli rich cut bottles, do. pickle and protervo stands with minmi bottles, lund, some illnnir, breakfast, tea und full', o »eta, toilet »ela, etc ; doctor«1 villis mid bott lis, J druin up to B oz , In Hint mid green gluts. Orders by Post, containing remittances, cnroftilly pnckeel and Immediately desp itched doods lent nu biro 415S STATUE of Her Majesty.-The Bight Wiiriulpral the Mayor of Mcllioiiruo, considering that tim Metropolitan Cllv of the Colony, honored with tho Royal munn nf Victoria, should nut bo entirely ililli. tula of any iiii'iiiiii-ln! or tim griitlliulu nf (he colonists to nur most gracloiH (Jileen, lint Invited Iho inciiiber» of tho CHy Council anil tho i-lll/cns generally iii unite wlth him lu i .lining ii Mibji'rlptloii ihr tlio purposo of. obtaining n itiituo of Hor Majesty, to ho placed lu tho Town Hall, or such oilier eligible «Hu na may in» deemed proper, mid lias opened tim Hut nilli ii donation f Two iluuilrcil Founds.. Subscription» for this purposo »III ho received hy tho Mayor, Aldermen llmlgmti ami Wntsun, Conn, olllors Campbell mid Huh ling, E, P. H, Sturt, Ein,, P.M., mut by tho uiidorslgncd.-WILLIAM, KERR, To» ii Clerk. Town Clerk'« Ofuco, ssih June, 65963 TO Lot, Mooning Cottage, oh the Hardener'» Creek, road, South .Yurru, t»n miles anil a hair from Melbourne. Tho Cottage consists nf four Boomi, Kitchen, Servant'! Kanni, Shod, ile, with an aero or Lamil apply to Mrs. Hobson, on tho premise». ' 0001 fllO LlioniUts nuil Druggists -One til tim must aldon J. did openings In tim nhnv o line |rc«oiltS Itself to Gentloiiicn, wishing (o nurchaso nu old and highly re «pe otiiblo Chemist's nnd Driigcjals business, and at tho »autotimo a truly lucrativo and Improving ona i It t» »Hiinto In tho heart nf hiivliut» In tim boat part ot Hobart 1 own, mid Is nllei ed lu Hie Public. Inconsequence nf Ih« present proprltttns determination to luther» Strictly to lil» own branch of Hie Medlin) Profession. Partie» willing to treat for the pundi no of the »«mr, can Burn full particulars b> penoiuil ti|lpllt*IIon to. Mr. JAMES BOSOM AN, close to tho Blum lintel. Church ilroet, Richmond. 717» BAKK'OI' VIC I OUI \\-Notion I hereby glvt» that application will ho made to tho I.i'glslatlv. Counoll of Victoria, during til» nuning Session, fn> leave (ti bring lu a lilli to lue irpurulo the Company lately established, nnd now c irrv Ing em 1 utilicéis, at Holbourne mid elsuu limo, iindur the al) lo of Iba " Hank of Victoria," «ml lo limit Ibu liability of tim proprie- tor», and grnorall) tiiregulito the nlllilr» of tho Hunk. Ilatetl at Mullmuriio, (lils .'fith doe' of May, MM. HUQIt J.OHAMIll.US.Bolloltorfoi tlinHIU »IH THE Elect.lu 'loItgrnph.-Mr. Nutt will deliver «r lecture on tho n'mvo nibleol, Mid on lîlcetrtslty MCnntuuled therewith, nt tln> Medial,!«' Imtltuto, oat Wedueiday next, 117th July, Motnbors freu, nnn- mete Wr», One Shilling each. To coinineiiotvnt 8 n'clook n.nal ' l ' t T4«% i 