CORONER'S INQUESTS. On Monday, an inquest was held before the coroner, at the Wellington Inn, upon view of the body of a man, a native of Java, then lying dead at the Sydney Infirmary. Captain Andreas Sehefer, of the Danish brig Cyfele, stated that the deceased, Coorey, was a native of Java, and a seaman on board his ship. He was found dead in his bed on Monday morning. He had dined plentifully off fresh meat on the previous day, and this new ration appeared to have disagreed with him. Dr. Norm, resident surgeon or the Benevolent Asylum, stated that he had examined the body of the deceased ; that there were no marks of violence thereupon. In his opinion death was the result of natural causes. The jury found a verdict in accordance with this opinion. A second inquest was held on the same day, at the Wellington Inn upon view of the body of Thomas Chatto, then lying dead at the Benevolent Asylum. George Ronald, residing at Rose Bay, stated that on Thursday last, in the afternoon, his children reported to him that they had seen a bundle of clothes floating in Rose Bay. It was too late at that time (it being dark) to see what it was, but on the following morning, about four o'clock, witness went to see what his children had pointed out. He observed, at a distance of about sixty or seventy yards from high water mark, what he considered to be a bundle of clothes. He swam to the place, and found the body of the deceased. He brought the body on shore immediately and had it removed to the dead- house of the Benevolent asylum. The case, as it proceeded, disclosed one of deplorable destitution Constable Connell, stationed at Rushcutter's Bay, stated that between 11 and 12 o'clock on Friday last, he received information of the body of a man having been found at Rose Bay. He proceeded there and found the body of deceased lying on the shore. He searched his person and found the pocket annual produced before the Court, containing various memoranda, by which it would appear that deceased was in very destitute circumstances. He also found other papers then produced before the Court. The deceased appeared to be much attenuated. He was removed to the Asylum. There were several entries in the journal reflecting on parties for their unkindness to deceased, and written in a style which would lead to the supposition that deceased intended to commit suicide. Amongst the entries in the annual were the following: "October 4 Saw Walker to-day and asked him for a few shillings, as I had not any food for three days. He refused me. God knows how long this may continue. Farewell He has treated me like a dog ; but perhaps he may find himself in my situation God forgive him for his cruelty to me " Another extract was as follows: — "Twelve days without food or drink of any kind, except a glass or two of water — it will soon be over— I am getting very weak, and hardly able to walk , God only knows what will become of me!" Another memorandum:- It is drawing to a close at last." On another page was the address " Mr Walker, merchant, N. East Battery." It appeared that deceased was a passenger to this colony by the ship Marchioness of Londonderry, and that he was the son of a linen-draper at Morpeth, in England. W. Walsh, coroner's constable, stated that he had caused a notice to be inserted in the Sydney Morning Herald and Empire newspapers, describing the body of deceased, but had not received any information as to the identification of the body. By the coroners orders, he had proceeded to the Messrs. Walker, at Dawes' Battery ; but Mr. Thomas Walker said that he knew nothing of the deceased. Mr. Thomas Walker directed witness to Mr. Walker, next door, but that gentleman witness could not meet with. Dr. Norris, resident surgeon at the Benevolent Asylum, stated that he had examined the body of deceased, upon which there were no marks of violence. From the appearance of the body and the history of the case, Dr. N. was of opinion that death was the result of suffocation from drowning. The body was very much attenuated. The coroner, in summing up the evidence, dwelt in feeling terms upon this truly melancholy case. The entries in the deceased's pocket-book, and the language, in which they were couched, showed that the deceased had moved in respectable circles. The letter and memoranda also which were found upon his person corroborated this impression. It was a truly sad case. The jury found that deceased had drowned himself in a fit of temporary insanity, caused by destitution and extreme mental depression. On Wednesday, an inquest was held before the Coroner at the Wellington Inn, George-street, upon view of the body of William Ulsel, then lying dead at the Benevolent Asylum. From the evidence it appears that deceased had been a seaman on board the Dutch ship Flevo, from which he had received his discharge. He then joined the Lady Flora, and on Tuesday morning his body was discovered floating off Corcoran's Wharf. There were no marks of violence on the body, and Dr. Norris stated, that in his opinion death had been caused by suffocation from drowning. The verdict of the jury was, found drowned. A second inquest was held at the same house, upon view of the body of a man whose name was unknown, then lying dead in the Benevolent Asylum. Constable Smith, of the Water Police, stated, that he had received information of a portion of a body having been found floating off Cockatoo Island. He proceeded to the spot by order of Mr. Inspector Powell. He found the body made fast to a floating schooner, and he had it placed in a coffin, and conveyed to the Asylum. Dr. Norris stated that he had seen the remains of the deceased. The lower extremities were wanting, and what remained was in a very decomposed state. It was pro- bable that the legs had been removed by fish. The left thigh remained, but it was denuded of flesh. He (Dr Norris) thought from the fibrous appearance of the remaining portions of the flesh, the sharks or other large fish had removed the portions of the body which were wanting. The head and left arm were gone. "Verdict —found dead, but how deceased came by his death no evidence appears. An inquest was held on Thursday in the Foresters Arms Tavern, at the Glebe, on view of the body of William T. Valentine, touching whose death the following evidence was given James Simpson, residing at the Glebe deposed that the deceased was in his public-house about nine on the night previous to his death (Tuesday night). Witness believes that the deceased was then under the influence of liquor ; has not since that time seen deceased alive ; Jane Thomas, wife of the deceased, deposed, that he (deceased) was a gardener; for the last six weeks up to the day of his death, he drank incessantly. On Tuesday night witness went to bed about twelve o'clock, deceased was then sitting in the kitchen apparently asleep ; about daybreak the following morning witness discovered the deceased quite dead : he was in the same position in which she had left him the previous night. Deceased was about fifty-four years of age, and has left a family of nine children to mourn his unhappy end. The Jury found that the deceased died from the effects of previous habits of intemperance The Notorious Birch, of the "World" Newspaper. — This notorious character, who brought an action against the Dublin Freeman's Journal, for calling him a nuisance, and a pest, and several other hard names, in which he was defeated ; and who, in '48 was proven and admitted to be the instrument used by Lord Clarendon to libel the leaders of the people, has himself been com- mitted on a charge of stealing ! The following extract from the Cork. Constitution will be read with interest, although we are sorry we cannot give the details of the transaction : — " Mrs Kelly and Mr. Boyle, of the firm of Boyle, Low, & Co., were examined at the head police office, Dublin, on the subject of the charge against Birch ; and after a lengthened investigation he was fully committed for trial at the ensuing commission in August, charged with stealing securities to the amount of £35,000, the property of Mrs. Sarah Kelly. The North Shore again. — About seven o'clock on Saturday evening last as Mr. Richard Hills cart was going to Lane Cove, the driver was invited by a party to go into the Union Inn, on the North Shore, to take some refreshment. He was not in the house more than five minutes, but on his return he found that his cart had been robbed of a sack of flour, a quantity of beef, and sundry other things to the amount of £4 10. This is not the first cart which has been robbed in this locality. Will the Inspector-General cause a policeman to look after the prowlers about this place. Counterfeit Sovereigns — We would recommend the public to be on their guard in receiving payment in sovereigns, there being at the present time a considerable quantity of counterfeit coin in circulation, which, without scrutiny, will be apt to escape detection. The forgery appears to be on a piece of silver electro-plated with gold and those shown to us are of the present reign bearing the date of 1842 . They are of the ordinary size and make, but are, of course, light when they are put in the balance. Nevertheless the fraud is so well gilt, that, if not much worn, the silver does not show ; and therefore, without suspicion, may pass with many who may not be upon their guard or who are ignorant of their being so generally current. At one portion of the edge the milling where the metal had been run into the mould is deficient, in finish, and will at once enable parties who may have any suspicion of the coin to ascertain whether it is genuine or not. New Daily Newspaper.— We perceive from late English news that the machinery for a Daily Paper, with a staff both mechanical and intellectual was about to proceed to Melbourne by one of the first ships about to be dispatched from London. Rabbi for Hobart Town— The Rev. H Hoeze had been selected by the Chief Rabbi to proceed as Rabbi to Hobart Town. Late English News. — We have not seen any notice in any of the Australian papers of thefollowing vessels which have reached England safely. The Cambodia Hammock, from Sydney 24th April, at Gravesend 2lst August ; the Achilles M'Ruvie hence 10th April, at Gravesend 24th August, Stately and St. Michael from New Zealand, 26th April, at Gravesend, 22nd August — The Emu, the second of the Australian Pacific Steam Company's fleet , 1660 tons; was launched on 22nd August — The Marco Polo had not made so quick a run home as was expected. She had not arrived on the 27th August, and was then 80 days out from Melbourne: — New Clippers for Australia the Liverpool clippers having made such splendid passages to Australia, several large firms have ordered a number of the same class of vessels to be built in North America. The belief seems to gain ground that steam ships, as at present constructed, will not answer in a paying sense for this trade — For Australia, on the 27th August there were in London 130 vessels laid on for Australia. Royal Victoria Theatre.— This property was sold yesterday morning at auction, by Mr. Mort. It was sold independent of the interior fittings, and was knocked down to Mr. Josephson for the sum of £24,500, though we understand there are three parties in at the purchase. Fashionable Departures —It is stated positively that Mr Wentworth and the Colonial Secretary, intend to take their depar- ture for England in the Vimeria, which it is supposed will sail about the middle of January. We understand they have engaged the whole of the cabins in the above vessel, so that they will have a full opportunity of enjoying the otium cum dignitatis. Frightful Catastrophe at the New Crystal Palace.— On Monday, August 15, at the works of the new Crystal Palace, Sydenham, a frightful accident occurred shortly after two o'clock, by which no fewer than ten of the workmen were killed upon the spot, and many more shockingly multilated, and remained in a very precarious condition. The accident occurred in the north end of the great or middle transept of the building. It seems that at the time there were some twenty-six unfortunate fellow creatures engaged in shifting the scaffolding when the entire mass of wood work and machinery gave way, and fell the whole height of the building with a tremendous crash. Two horses were also killed, upon the spot. Fearful Shipwreck, Three Hundred Lives Lost.— By an English paper of 20th August under the head of intelligence " via overland mail" from India on Monday was briefly announced an appalling shipwreck of the Nessree, on the coast of Hindostan, within 40 miles of Bombay when upwards of three hundred human beings were drowned. Auctioneers.— The Justices met on Thursday, pursuant to ad- journment, and completed the business of the annual meeting for granting licenses to carry on the business of auctioneers for the ensuing year. The applications undisposed of were granted. Subjoined is a correct list of the whole: — C. Adrain, T Bowden, T. W. Bowden, S. C. Burt, H D. Cockburn, W. Clements, W. Dean, H A. Graves, J K. Heydon, J. Hopkins, J. T Jones, W. G. Lambert, C. A. Layard, R. Muriel, E. Majoribanks, A Moore, W G Moore. C. Newtown, W Newell, J. Purkis, R. Peek, S. Peyton, J.M'Quatters, W. Shopland, L E Threlkeld, W. Wainwright, and S. Wooller. Some applications were received too late to be con- sidered at this meeting, and as the penalty of their neglect will have to incur the inconvenience of making special applications. Monster Cod-Fish — We were informed by Mr. Joseph West, jun., J.P., that whilst on a recent visit to his stations on the Lachlan, he captured a cod fish with the hook and line, which weighed upwards of 45 lbs, and when opened was found to contain a small shag or black swan entire, covered with down and young feathers. When drawn to the surface so strong was the finny monster that its captor, Mr. West, was compelled to thrust his hands into its gills and exert his utmost force in bringing it safely on shore. This is the largest cod we believe which has been caught on our side of the mountains for some years past. — Bathurst Free Press. Stealing.— A man named Haydon, was on Thursday committed to take his trial for stealing sugar, the property of Mr Hughes, of George-street, grocer. One bag of sugar was stolen on Saturday last, and two bags on Wednesday. The prisoner was on Saturday seen by a lad named Summers to carry away a bag of sugar ; in fact he requested Summers to assist him to place it on his shoulder, which Summers did, believing he was a porter employed in Mr. Hughes' business. On Wednesday, prisoner went to Mr Pethe- bidge of York-street, and offered a bag of sugar for sale. Mr Pethebridge was engaged at the time and merely replied that he was not a purchaser ; there was a person there, however, who questioned Haydon about the sugar, and who in consequence of the unsatisfactory replies he received would not allow the sugar to be taken away. Information was given to the police, and Haydon was apprehended. Some time between midnight of Wednesday and 9 o'clock on Thursday morning a gold watch and a gold breast pin, valued at £22, were stolen from the cabin of Mr. Crampton, of the ship Vimeira. — On Thursday morning, a concertina, valued at £3, was stolen from the premises of Mr. Bancroft, of George-street, licensed victualler. Committal for Assault. — Mr. John H. Driscoll, attorney, &c.;, was on Thursday charged by Mr. T. R. Johnson, surgeon, with having on the previous evening assaulted him. The prose- cution was conducted by Mr W. Roberts, and the defence by Mr Brenan. The complainant deposed that on Wednesday evening he met defendant in the street, on the most friendly terms, and they proceeded in company to Mr. David Hill's public-house, at the corner of Park and Pitt -streets. Some badinage took place between them as they stood at the bar taking their nobblers; at last defendant asked him if he were not born at Bandon? " Yes, I was," was his (witness's) reply : " and many a hap orth of my yorn (explained to be a kind of seaweed) I have bought of your mother " on Bandon Bridge;" at this defendant took offence, and called witness a liar, whereupon witness said "Mr Driscoll, that is language I don't allow," and waved his hand toward his face — might possibly have touched his face but could not say whether he did or not; up to that time they were, as he considered, on the best of terms ; defendant retired into another apartment of the house, and in about a quarter of an hour afterwards he (witness) received a blow on the side of his head, from behind, which stunned him — he was not felled, but was compelled to take a seat, defendant had a walking stick in his hand up to the time of his retiring from the bar ; after a few minutes, his neckcloth, vest and shirt became saturated with blood, and he was taken to Mr. Larmer's, who dressed the wound ; defendant had not given the slightest intimation of his intention, or witness would have taken care that he should not have attacked him from behind. Other witnesses proved that defendant struck the blow with the stick produced in Court, and was about to repeat it when Mr. Hill and others seized him, put him out of the house, and gave him into custody. Their worships (Mr. Dowling and Mr. Hargraves) committed Mr. Driscoll to take his trial at the Quarter Sessions," admitting him to bail for his appearance. Assault at the Theatre — Mr. John Lees; more generally known as Professor Lees, was yesterday brought before the Police Magistrate, charged with having assaulted Mr. Wyatt, the lesee of the Victoria Theatre. Mr. Wyatt stated that while passing from Mr Torning's passage to the box lobby of the theatre the defendant met him, stopped him from passing through, called him a b — — y old dog, and said " you d— — — d old convict why did you stopt my free admission ?" whereupon Mr. W. struck the Professor, and the latter returned the blow by hitting Mr. Wyatt upon the jaw, which for the moment stunned him although he did not fall down. It was also proven that the Professor — who, it seems, is a professor and teacher of the respectable art of self defence, besides his other acquirements in " ground and lofty tumbling''— also assaulted Mr. Torning, who gave him into custody for riotous con- duct and obscene language ; but Mr. T. did not see Mr Wyatt actually receive the blow, and no other witnesses were called. The matter out of which the quarrel sprung was soon explained Mr Wyatt stated that although he did not know the Professor's real name, nor cared about knowing it, he knew he had paid him £600 for the few nights he had been engaged in the theatre. During the engagement the defendant and his sons, as is the usual practice, had free admissions to the theatre, but these ceased when their engagement expired, and this was the caiisus belli. Mr. Holroyd appeared for the complainant, and Mr Martin for the defendant. The magistrate, however thought there was provoca- tion in the first blow, and that although he at first intended to fine the defendant in Is he would simply dismiss the case, the injury sustained by the complainant not being of a serious nature. Yesterday's Police, - William Downs for assaulting Mary Rogers, and being illegally on the premises, was committed to the Quarter Sessions, Mary Ann Brown for obscene language, was ordered to gaol for three days. Ann O Neil for the same offence, was similarly dealt with William Andrews for exposing his per- son, was fined £5, or one calendar month in gaol. William Thomas for violently assaulting Sarah Ann Thomas, was fined £5, or ordered to gaol for two months ; he preferred paying the money to escape the alternative. James Rockell for exposing his person in George street, was sentenced to be imprisoned for twelve calendar months. John Smith for stealing, was found guilty, and ordered to be imprisoned for three calendar months. There were ten drunkards, each fined 5s. or 24 hours' imprisonment — only one paid the fine Patrick Collett for breach of slaughtering Act was fined 60s. and 5s costs. P. and W. Dean for a breach of the Police Act, were fined 40s. and 5s. costs. An Ingrate. — Or Monday evening a man named Phillip G??? was given into custody by Lewis Haynes, caretaker of the Syna- gogue, for having stolen a watch and chain, his property, and on Tuesday he was brought before the Bench. The prosecutor deposed that on last Sunday afternoon the prisoner came to him at the Synagogue and represented himself as a Jew in destitute circum- stances, whereon his ( witness) placed food before him, collected a small sum for him of a few co-religious who happened to be in the building, gave him a night's lodging, and on Monday found a situation for him ; on Monday afternoon he called at the Syna- gogue again, but, as witness was engaged, he did not notice what he was about ; as he saw Garcia leaving the premises he at the same moment missed the ticking of a watch, which subsequently to Garcia's arrival, was banging in its usual place ; as no one but Garcia had had an opportunity of removing the timekeeper he called after him in the passage, the only effect produced being to increase the speed of the prisoner's flight, who also pulled-to the gate after him which, from the difficulty experienced in opening it, enabled him to get out of sight by the time he (Haynes) reached the street. Between six and seven in the evening he saw prisoner in the entrance of the Theatre, who on being taxed with the theft, at first denied the charge, but sub- seqnently gave it up and begged to be forgiven ; and but for the ingratitude of his conduct, he (the prosecutor) might have been inclined to overlook the theft as not worth the trouble of prosecu- ting; prisoner stated on his first interview that he had been eighteen months in the colony, but he (prosecutor) had never before seen him at the place of worship. He was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. A few days since the same prisoner was charged with a somewhat similar offence, but was discharged in consequence of an insufficiency of legal evidence to convict him; he had confessed to the taking, but the confession appeared to have been elicited from him under circumstances which for the purposes of prosecution rendered it of no avail. From his manner of speak- ing and demeanour generally there is reason to believe that he is not "all there.' albeit of very dishonest propensities. Robbing a Charity.— On Monday last a quantity of female apparel was stolen from the House of the Good Shepherd, the loss of which was reported to the police with a description of the woman suspected of the unlawful taking. On Monday afternoon a woman was taken to the lockup for intoxication, whose appearance corresponded with the description given, and in whose possession was some of the stolen property. She was on Tuesday brought before the Police Magistrate for the larceny, but was discharged for want of prosecution. Police.— Patrick M Laughlin was on Tuesday brought before the Police Bench and pleaded guilty to an information under the Police Act for having assaulted Sergeant M'Gee in the execution of his duty, and was sentenced to pay a penalty of 10s. and costs. Samuel Winburn also pleaded guilty to an information for having while drunk assaulted Constable Sheary on the Parramatta Road, and was sentenced to pay a penalty of 16s. 6d with 2s. 6d. costs. James Whelan was charged by Constable Walker with having on the previous evening attempted to rescue from his custody a man named Gorman, whom he had apprehended for being drunk and disorderly in Goulburn-street ; the attempt to rescue, it appeared by the constable's evidence, consisted in telling him to let the man go. Defendant called a witness who swore that Whelan did nothing whatever but desire the constable to take his knees off the man's breast. Guilty, to pay 20s. and costs, or to be imprisoned for one week. Police Court —The sitting magistrates on Tuesday were the Police Magistrate, the Superintendent of Police, and Dr. Douglass, There were but five persons on the drunkards' list, (two paid 20s. each one 10s., and two preferred a drive to Darlinghurst.) but at least ten of the seventeen persons named on the general list were intoxicated at the time of the alledged disorderly conduct of which they were convicted. On the summons list were four cases between landlord and tenant; one was postponed at the request of the parties, in two warrants were ordered to give the landlord posses- sion, and the fourth was dismissed with £5 5s. costs. In the last named case, Mr. Cooper, as the attorney of Mr W. Macdonald, sought to obtain an order against one Bosworth, the tenant in possession of certain property at Miller's Point. Mr. Hart appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Thurlow for the defence. Mr. Hart tendered himself as a witness to prove the service of certain papers on the opposite side. Mr. Thurlow objected to this course as inconvenient and improper. Cases under this Act, it was expressly declared, were to be conducted before a Bench of Magistrates in the same way as they would be before a judge of the Supreme Court— and their Honors would not allow of such a proceeding as this. Mr. Hart replied that having for more abundant caution served these papers himself, he had no other means of proving service, which however he submitted, so far from being improper, was sanctioned by Sir John Jervis's Act. Their worships thought the objection was fatal to such a mode of proving service, and dismissed the complaint with £5 5s costs. Assault. — Daniel M'Anulty was taken into custody on Tuesday evening, (and brought before the bench on Wednesday) by constable Walker who deposed that between 10 and 11 o'clock on the above evening he heard a woman's voice cry out murder at the top of Goulburn street. On running to the spot he saw the prisoner strike his (prisoner's) wife a severe blow with his feet and then hurry off; witness followed him, and arrested him in Pitt-street. The prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to pay a penalty of 40s , or in default to be imprisoned in Darlinghurst gaol, for seven days. Absconding from Service.— Isaac Spiers was apprehended on a warrant issued against him on the information of John Byrne, who deposed that the prisoner had agreed with him on the 25th June last to serve him (witness) as general servant for a term of six months; but contrary to said agreement he (prisoner) left his service on Saturday the 11th instant, without having any just or lawful reason for so doing. The accused was on Wednesday found guilty of the offence charged, and sentenced to be imprisoned in Darlinghnrst Gaol for a period of 14 days. Tan Gip, a Chinese was found guilty of absconding from the service of Mr. Hill, and sentenced to be imprisoned 14 days. Breach of the Sydney Hamlets Act. — Nine residents of Balmain were summoned by the police for allowing goats, pigs, &c.;, to wander at large on the public thoroughfares in that neigh- bourhood, and were severally fined in the sum of 5s, with 5s. costs. Hamlet's Police Act.— Ten persons were on Wednesday con- victed under the Hamlets' Police Act, for permitting goats, horses and cows to stray about the streets, and were fined 5s. to 10s. according to circumstances, with 5s. costs in each case. Breach of the Licensing Act.— Thomas Levy, publican George-street, was on Wednesday found guilty of a breach of the above Act in not having a lamp burning before his door on the night of the 17th November instant, and sentenced to pay a fine of 5s. with 5s. costs. John Cheenan, licensed publican, residing at Paddington, was found guilty of a breach of the above Act in unlawfully selling spirituous liquors in his house as aforesaid on Sunday last, during the hours prohibited by the provisions of the Publicans' Licensing Act, and fined in the mitigated penalty of 10s with 5s. costs. Stealing Show Goods — A female named M'Grath, — a married woman, and the mother of a family, was on Wednesday found guilty, by Mr. Hill and Mr. Dowling, of stealing from a shop window in Parramatta-street, a pair of boots valued at 5s. The larceny was observed by a passenger, and reported to the prosecutor, who followed the prisoner, found the boots in her possession, and gave her into custody. She offered no defence whatever. Sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for fourteen days. Hired ervants. — On Wednesday Mr. Francis M'Mahon appeared, on summons, at the suit of John Walker Purvis, to answer an information for having taken into his service without requiring the production of a written discharge from his last employer, a man named who was under agreement with the Railway Company. Defendant pleaded not guilty, Mr. Nichols, who prosecuted for the Company, said that he knew defendant was a respectable man, and he believed would not will- fully violate the law, and as the object of the Company was more to give public warning than to inflict punishment on an individual, he would not ask for costs beyond the court fees. The bench had no discretion in the amount of penalty, £5, which M'Mahon was ordered to pay, with 5s. costs, or be imprisoned for seven days. Housebreaking.— In the course of Sunday night, or early on Monday morning, the premises in Pitt street belonging to, and occupied by, the Australasian Sugar Company, were entered at one of the windows, which was forced open. No great haul was made, however, the only articles missing being a couple of coats. The late Fire in George street.— On Thursday last, Mr. M'Donald received from the Imperial and Alliance Insurance Office the sum of £2469, which fully covers the amount of damage occa- sioned by the late fire. The damaged goods were sold at auction by Mr. Cohen for £1400, and those goods which were saved are valued at £1400 more, so that in point of fact Mr. M'Donald has sustained no loss whatever. It is perhaps worthy of remark that nearly the whole of the loss was caused by the recklessness of a few individuals, who in their eagerness to render assistance on the night of the fire, threw into the street every package or parcel of property that came within reach. We understand that the loss to which the insurance offices have been subjected will be fully made up by the number of persons who have since insured, induced both by the dread of a similar calamity, and the promptitude evinced by the offices in making full compensation to the sufferers in the present instance. Consul For United States.— The President of the United States of America having by a commission bearing date 31st August, 1852, appointed Frederick W. Clarke, Esq., to be Consul for the said United States at the port of Sydney, in New South Wales, and such other ports as shall be nearer thereto than to the residence of any other Consul or Vice Consul of the said United States his Excellency the Governor General, directs it to be notified, for general information, that her Brittanic Majesty has been graciously pleased to approve of the same, by an instrument bearing date the 25th July, 1853.— Government Gazette. Mail Robberies. — It having been represented to the Govern- ment that the mails on certain roads have been repeatedly robbed, and it is considered expedient to establish a fixed scale of rewards applying to all cases of mail robberies, his Excellency the Governor- General has directed it to be notified that, for such information, within six calendar months after the commission of the offence, as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of those implicated, a reward of twenty pounds will be paid in each case of mail robbery unattended by violence, and a reward of fifty pounds in each case in which the guilty parties have been armed, and have used violence; and that, in addition to the above rewards respectively, application will be made to her Majesty for the allowance of a conditional pardon to the person giving the information if a prisoner of the Crown. — Government Gazette. The Wheat Crop. — The weather appears now to have become more settled, although cool breezes and occasionally cloudy skies prevail, a contrast to our usual weather at the commencement of harvest. We have made inquiries as to the state of the wheat crop in this district, and the replies have been more uniformly favorable than in any season within our recollection. In scarcely a single case has a farmer or produce buyer spoken of instances where permanent injury has been done to the crop. From the Wollombi, even, where we were led to expect a very much smaller yield than usual, we now hear a much more favorable report, and on many farms a splendid crop will be reaped if the weather continues genial ; it is very probable, however, judging from our information before the last rains, that in some part of the Wollombi valley the crop still promises a scanty yield. In the police district of Maitland, the average wheat-yield of which has of late appeared to be about 100,000 bushels, by the blue book, we believe a crop considerably above the average will be reaped in most parts, although about Miller's Forest, and the low grounds about the mouth of the Paterson and William a crop is expected. Up the Paterson we hear of a very good crop being expected ; but we have not heard the state of the crop on the Upper William, one of our largest producing districts, since the last rains fell. The above information must be taken throughout as the present promise of the crop, liable to be qualified more or less extensively should unfavourable weather occur. Had the harvest commenced this year as early as usual, between the 10th and 17th November, we should now have had to report that it had begun, but we have not heard of any wheat being yet cut. But to our surprise we heard this week of the intention of some of the Wollombi farmers, in the lower part of the valley, to begin reaping next week if the weather should be fine ; usually the Wollombi crop has been a fortnight later than that about Maitland. A week's fine warm weather would no doubt render many fields ripe enough to commence. The foregoing being the present state of the crop in that part of the Hunter district which supplies the Maitland market, and to some extent supplies the Sydney market, we may add that all our information from the upper part of the Hunter valley is to the effect that almost unprecedently fine crops of wheat will be reaped throughout. Probably during the next few weeks our corres- pondents at various points up the Hunter, and on New England and Liverpool Plains, will furnish information as to the wheat crop in their respective localities. — Maitland Mercury. A Gentleman Horse Thief. — About a month ago two strangers, one a smart gentlemanly-looking man, representing himself as a nephew of Dr. Bland of Sydney, and the other attired like a stockman, put up at Mr. Butler's Inn, and after making arrangements for their stay, looking out for Mr. Tress to dispose of two knocked up horses, with which, being on their way to Victoria, they did not wish to be encumbered. Mr. Tress found the arrangement was soon concluded, and the horses were sold at the Black Bull Inn Yards on the following day for £40. This money was paid over to the pretended Mr. Bland on the same evening, and the transaction, as the auctioneer supposed, was completed. Such, however, did not appear to be the case, for early next morning a person named Pepper, one of the purchasers, called upon Mr. Tress with an individual named Campbell, who claimed one of the horses as his property, and made an affidavit of the fact. The horse was accordingly restored to him, and under the amended Act, rendered auctioneers liable in such cases. Mr. Tress had to refund the amount paid. Under these circumstances he called upon the sol disant Mr. Bland and stated the case, when that gentleman in the blandest possible style, remarked that there must be some mistake, and promised to speedily rectify the matter if Mr. Tress would bring Campbell to him. Anxious to terminate the very disagreeable business, Mr. Tress started in great hurry for the new claimant, and was again in Mrs. Butler's parlour in a very few minutes, but the nephew of Dr. Bland (?) had in the interval paid his account and started. The truth that the fellow was a swindling horse-stealer became apparent. A warrant for his apprehension was immediately granted, and a mounted trooper despatched in the direction of Carcoar, whither it was supposed he had proceeded, but to no purpose. The second horse, which was bought by a man named Casey, was subsequently claimed in Sydney, and the purchaser taken into custody for horsestealing, when he was very narrowly saved a protracted incarceration, by producing Mr. Tress's receipt, the handwriting being known to one person only out of numbers applied to. As in the other case, Mr. Tress had to reimburse Casey, thus leaving himself minus £10, plus his trouble and anxiety.— Bathurst Free Press. Bishopric of Sydney.— Private letters state that up to the 6th September no successor to the late Bishop Broughton had been appointed. Tender for Immigration Debentures Accepted —The following tender for immigration debentures has been accepted :— Savings Bank of New South Wales for £50,000 at the rate of £105 10s. for eaoh £100 in debentures. 