River. ' Missing «mend«. AMUEL YOXALL, or _»ny_ of_ his J^f0*T*« "¡JJ oitlbu 16051 SAMUEL YOXALL, or »ny of hi« brother», wl hoar of Robort Yoxall, b) applying perionally, i by letter to Mr, O. L. Nloholson, Seymour, Gotilbitr S1 IHOULD this meet tho oye of W. t. Boeve, It would »J be» groat rolloftothe mina»of his mother and Monds, If he would communicate with thom; address, to the care of Mr« J. A Robertson, 14 Montague parade, Klngsdown, Bristol, England._16210 rriHOMAS CHEW or N. While- please forward the 1 paroel willoh you brought out In the Holyrooel, to 3\. Foutrlll's, Victoria Hotol, Launceston | mid also youraddret« and your cousin will oomiminlcato with you. Send it by Uto Clarence steamer._14084 THOMAS StlUI'PMlD, Sailor, who arrived by tho Diana, (Mr. Dtlo'» ship,) Is Informed that his bro. Uior Edward would b j glad to hoar from him «hero to «nu him ; sond aeldrcss ti the Qflice of tilla papor. 22278 THE Passenger por Steamer Argo, from Sydney, that brought a lotlcr for Mr Harwood, Colling wood, would groatly oblige by »ending his address or. coming himself immoeliutoly, fur it is of great Impart »nee._318(0 TAYLOR, CHAULES II, of Birkenhead-Tho gentlemon who h»va brought lottors, Ac, from England, for tho above, will oblige by forwarding thom to caro of Crawfortl and Bo) d s Stores. Bendigo. 3' 899 HOMAS 81 EVENS, from London, wishes lils brother James, who arrived In this colony in 1845 or 4«, would loavo hi» address at the Post Olllce, Melbourne, to bo called for. 22169 WILLIAM SPINKS, from Magdalan, will oblige James Moulton by sending his address to No. 54, La Trobe street, east, Melbourne 21313 IELIAM LAIÍAYE1TE FY1K, Wellington, N Z , you aro earnestly requested to write to your brother Cosway, addre-s Post Office, Geelong. * 22059 ARD, JOSEPH oTl'oplar, will find one of his brothers on bo ird the Roxburgh Castle 21843 w Board and Iiodglng. BOARD aid LenlUug at 181, Great Lonsdale street, east, near tho Clicus, at Thirty shillings per week Rooms for umn *od peoplo ns agreed ou. Lug. gage free. Rhhaid Ahem _2_C' BOARD and Rosldcnco at tho Carlton Club Hotol, Gettriido-stioût, west Collingwood ; a few elo gatitly furnWud single bed und sitting rooms to let, appl|i fruin Í. Uli li 21866 BOARD and Rcddc'iou. - Two gonticman can bo accommodated with superior Board in a private family two idles from tho bl ,dgo, apply to Gardiner, Monossy and Cn , 7 li lianoir) -lane_21871 OAHU au 1 Itisldonco at Collingwood. Respect able, quitt and i toderate. Inquire at Messrs. Hodgson and Huniers, booki.llors, 2 Eastern Market, Great Bourke street 21859 BOARD nuil lic.lueuce, with Cleanliness and Com fort «hero four only aro kept, apply at 144, Flinders lane, tost_21923 BOARD, Lodging, and Washing, terms 30s per «ick, a fo» »ti «ly mon can obtain tho above at 11, Little liourko-st ott «est. 2I9T0 BOARD and Ituldcnce. - Two men can be nccotn. movíate I willi good Board »nd Lodging at Bio lint stoue cot ago light of way hy side of Rob Roy, F' li.dcn-Iane, wnst Perms 30» por rrook. 31814 BOARD an I Hi .Uenoo.- Tinco or lour respectable ) o jug ni n cm havo conmutable Board and Ilosl 'leuce; appi) nt 12v Little Bomke street west BOAliD und lletidonco - A fe»Tgcntlemcii;can bo accimiiiul-led mil. Board and Residence; apply »t 113 Qtleou street 31807 BOARD a* d tw-sldcnco for two or thrco single men, «hero only two otbors are kept, apply to Mr. Campbell, Che . lit, opposite tho North Star, North Mel- bourne fen.ii, 30s pel week 2012b BOARD ana Rosidcii e -Three respectable men can bo accommodated at VI n l'rootor s, threo door« from studley Arm , Wellington street, Collingwood. Term« 2ii3. per week 21385 110AUD and llusldcticc for Uutvtleinen, in a delight .O ful slt.ntion, tilth ever) cot*fortand accommoda Mon, at 190, Flinders lane, oast 21494 B OARD and Restdcucj at Mrs Douglas«, 198, Mo ' plum street, also a 1 urnished Room to Let _9161« BOARD and Residence -Lambton Brothers can accommed do two or three respetado Young Men tory comtortabl) at their ree dcti-a, llanover street, «omer or Young stroot, Collingwood 31307 COMFOR . Econoeii), mid Respectability at the Port Phillip Hoarding LsUlillslimcnt, Little Collins street weat, noir King streit Terms, thlrty liveshillings p r week N n - Luggage freo 21673 OMEO II i AHLE Hoard and Residence for one highly mj Hottso pleaiantly sltusttd near Bntnswlck street ; for address enqmro of Mr. Harwood, Baker, Moor afoot, Collingwood 20793 CLEOPVTUA lioanllug-House, 169 Lontdalo stroet, west - Archibald Menzies, from the Buck's Head Hotel, Glasgow, ni d His late steward or Hie steamship Cle pura, a number or comrortablo bed. rooms disengaged. 20604 FURNISHED Apartment« tura rcipn tablo family, or a fe« g-nllemen who wish to Hvo together, with or without b ard No other lodgers kept, apply 21», Great 11 lurke street, cast -M758 FRENCHS howling lluusi, 7*7, Swanston street opposit the li >*p til, has alw-a)s largo reins mr parties ut kotitkimn tujetlicr, aso rooms for ln.rrlcd tiouplos. 21972 ENTEEL BturdingE Ublishraont-ToMcidiant« R 'si>ccbblo Gold Di; "crs, and Immigrant» - The above may obtain eemii irtablo Board an I Resl donnât liri Cotterills, Mi rtlincra Dulldliv . oppn. site tiie Cemetry, ti p ol l.H/aboth and Qua itreet», Melbourne. Ihc home is large and onintiiocll t, con sitting of 14 r, i nit, und a la j,c dilling marou , 40 Ia .lOfeot The i>> nines i-o I i a beautiful anti ...n arl) situation, and »r wlUil t Aie mlmite« walk of o'l tin public places or business In the olty. N.B -l.uggng« stored, tree of charge, during Hie owners s'-. In thr establls'iiueiit 17770 GOOD Lltlu>nti>a lh r week-Board and Lodging in-.) boiliiimJ at W Cook's,133, Little Bourke, street, mit 1 rica li uu\ bl accommodated with a separate room 31997 PERMANENT lioiul and Hiildinco for t»ogentle men lu a beal'bv mid pleasant locality i brick cottage. Cm t llniinwl k street, Collingwood, third door from Guitrudc street, un tho right going down _30425 PRINCE 11 \\\ VLI S I ui theo»and Dining Rooms, Sandridge.- Au lit iltur) ncry day atoioo'ilork aharp. Clu| i, steaVt, .«c, cleanllncs«, with cltlllt), combined cm be nb'au el 20728 i Diinl and llesidcnco on »»ton s'r«c\ opposite tho _31306 FLINDERS bllll.Er, «att-Three or four _^ gentliiuen nu be auoommodatod with respect able bond uni Unudanii at tho nbjto establishment on moderate, terms 22315 59, Houso», u.c., to let. ATWO-8TOIÍY Sume Homo to Lot, situated In Dorby-stiocI, Ciilllngwn d, containing (Ive room» nndshop; npplv to Willluiii Dyinond, mitdoortoMr. M'Kenrle, biker ____alum Al RONT-EuOM ~|, ti«, »Ith llroplaoo, lent mode rate, lu Condell st.ee,, ColII igisood, throo door» rein the Buck'n lind 220Ü9 'A PARTjifHN I » - lo t - Let, supcilor AparlraenU with »omi, sIlu-tM on tho Eastern Hill, Mel BUILDING lYiititagc-The Ground in front of the Mechanic»' Institution, Collins itroet, will bo Let by Tondor from per mis willing to bulli! according to i plan approved bs Corni lillee, on a leaso of a fow yeart. ' _1360) ^¡«.ARM To lol.- tcveuty eight »oro» of Land, «t ' Brighton, on tho Mulhourno Flvc-mllo Roserre it Is divided Into cultliatlon paddocks, oud has huu water, Ao. Alaooloarod |saddocki, neirtho boach.of 38 acroi an 12 acre«. Apply at the counting houso of J. B. WERE A CO. lilt January, null._117C« Í¡*ARMB to be Let upon W. J. T. Clarke, Eiq.'i t« looted Lands.- 31 Agricultural and Dalry Farms, each of about one luman » acre«, tltuitod aboutis miles from town, oikui eitliir side of the main Uno of roi* to Mount Alexandi r, and halt way botaoon Keilor and the Gap Inn. To laiunrs, ii iliyiuen, and carrlor», an op t-ortunlty hore presuils Itself of »touring a homo upon ?onto of the tauest iijrlgultural and grassed lands in the country. To vlon the plan, mil fur furthor Infhrmatlon, appl) to CHARLES G UURCHETT,68,LUtloColllni streit west._20831 GROUND In Lit, cc Lraso, for erection of wooden or Iron limites. Terms moderato. A bakery «itabllthuwiit 1. miinh irqnlred. J. DeCouroy Young, XHlatkwooJ itnot, Flouilngton road,NorthMollKiurno. '_21327 HOUSE to lit or tell, containing two room«, at at Rlibmonil, near Bl. Btophon's Church i rent £'J weekly; uililrui, II 0, 00, Little Collins«treot, vat. 22033 HOUBF. to Lil -A Brick House, containing (bur room«, In Ohuruh-itieet, Rlchmniid,nearly oppo- site tho Swan Hotel; rent *3 ptr week, payablo quar. I orly In »drinice, 21866 " XTOUSE to Lei or Sell, ot Wlndtor.-A oorner al O Intmeiit In Iho »boro beautifully iltuatod ami rapidly rlilng ton nsblp, with a neatly filled up motallli Scolch-mado Cottage, «oil adipted tor a »mall lamlly, 'I'hli lovely spot It within flvo minutes' walk of St KlldailUtalubiily of air | Its soonlc beauty ; Its prox. nilly to the lea lu ich; Its wooded walk«, and plotur esque laiidtoapc«, combine to render It on« of Ui« most deslrablu spot» for a retldenoe lu Hie colony. Foi termi, apply to Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL, Argyl» Store, Great llran ko-ttreet, eut, opposite the Lalwi Market, Melbourne._ »981 Ol'l'IOEB to Lit -To bo Let, two comfortable , rango«, of ORtoet, well sultsd for au oxtentlvo moroautllo ilrni or for a imbllo company i apply to WM, OltlTF.N, Land Agent, 21. Ui cat Bourke itroet, »Mt_31400 OmOES to Let-Two good Rooiiu (one very large) over Hie furnishing warehouse or Mr. John .nell. No. 38. Cullin» ttrwt, sut ; apply lo Smith ami Willan, »ollullors, at the tbort tddrttt. 2)021 PKAItRAN.-To Lit, % tabtttnllslly built two »ml .uthrM roomed Hont«, Hat« throughout. Rent lfSfÄ,,JÄ?,,sr ""«."J"' *l»'»f,«i « Vttolitll Hil «luloCi, StUltn, Pnbrtt, 9IN8 Houses, »Vc., to let. STABLES -B. Howson has Stalls t» Let, with or without foroBC, at low prices ; apply at B How son's Livery Stibbs, Coin and General Stores, Ooro strcot, Collingwood, near Collingwood Hotel. 31908 STABLING -To Let, Throe Statis, with standing room fur drn)s, tern», 12». 6d. per week eaoh stall, apply at Tuokett's Btoro, Smith street, Colling wood, below the Collingwood Hotel. 31914 TO bo Let, » Vorandah Cottage, situate iu Napior street. Collingwood, oontalnlng flvo rooms, with detached kitchen, servants' room, largo yan, Ac , enquire of Mr. Heil!), FltzRoy Hold, Collingwood mo Bo Lot, a very dcairablo llrlok llou o, ncarh X finished, containing ten apartments, »lluatcd In South Melboumo, on lln domain road, n quarter of an hour's walk from the Bridge, facing the Botanloal G irden». This house Is admlrsbly adopted for a gen tloman a ramil),«Ith or without a gardon For particulars opplvto JOHN MORIIIS30N on tho premisos, or at NEAL M'CLEAN, grocer, Swansbm. street._21H0 TO Bo Lrt for Ofllce«, Ao" tho upper part of nn Iron Storo, consisting of 4 rooms. Corner of King, street and Bourke street Apply on tho premisos 21311 TO Bo Let, Commodious Premises, situated in the best part of tho tow i. comprising large shop, six rooms, and store at back Admirably ndaptcd fur wholesale or retail trado, and well situated for tho pur poses of a boarding house Apply to TIIOM48 II. RAWLINGS, Auctioneer, Corle itrcot, Goolong. 21616 TO be Let, one or two Booms in a house no ir tho Benevolent Asylum; address II Swoyno, Cleopatra Boarding House, Lonsdale street, wost _ 21308 TO Lot-Eleven roomed House, to Let, in Little Collins streot, weit, Anown as tho Port Phillip Boarding Establishment Tor particulars, appl) to J S Pai ker. Bourke street_21073 fllO Let, a four roomed Cottage, at Prahran, nicely X papered, also, a two nonied Cottage, apply to TO Lot, at Prahran, a will furnished two-routned Cottage, pai cred, with sideboards, Ao ; apply to FÎ Pamphllcn, next to CamVrldgo Storo, St Edinodd's road, Prahran 21819 fllO Let, the promises No 60, Swanston street now X kept as a board and 1 dglng house; apply ti Keiby, Chalmers, and Co, 14), Swanston streit ^_220C5 TO Le», on Lcaio, a plcco of land 82 loot f.ontagc by 126 in do|th, omer nib ttuoiit for fifteen ycirt, In Argjlo stro-t and Spray street Colling« im1, just b-lo-v tho Travellers K-st for oartlcul ir», apply to Vlr. II. Rogers, next door to Mr Bats, Inker, Richmond, terms ver) m dornte. 22115 TO Let, a first rate family House, conbiluln,' alx ro in», delightfully situated, near the Church, at Rlchmonil F'or terms, apply to C A Ross, S« in street, Richmond; cr to 0. A. Ros« and Co , Queen s rliarf 22297 TO Let a very comfortablo well finished two r oin d cottage in tho best ptrt of B chmond ; apply to Mr 0 11 next door to tho postofftce, Governmtiil mad, Richmond. 21960 TO Drapers, Ac -A Throo roomed House, with bliup tlxturis. Au to be let, rent £2 lOi, doing about £11) pir nook, inquire ucxt door to Barnes, Chemist Richmond flat 218jk risO Let, or Sill, a wcllbiitltcomtViitahlcfamllt Re X sidonco coiit.itiingslx roims, lathed and plastered, and n-itl) finished, situated near the handsome man sion of J bn M'Konzlu, Esq, Collingwood Arthur II Bavly, Land A (rent and nurvojor, Neave'« huilel ings cmior or Swanston and Collins streets 220tu rpo Lot, nu office, near tho Wharf Apply t, Buclnii 1 Shiiitanil hclarocho,38, Wllllam-sti-oit 22216 To Let, a six roomed House, with detached kitchen coach-house, and stable, In Robe street, St Kilda Entry immediately. Apply to Schutze, Reid and Co., Bourke-street. TO Let it Flemington, near the of residence of John Rankin Esq .A neat Stone Cottage; a wea therboarded cottage, brick nogged ; a weatherboarded store (18xl2) with a three stall open stable, and with milking yard. The above enclosed froma paddock above one acre and a half with a fine crop of one acre of oats. ; most of the remainder with vegetables-the whole being two acres For terms and particular enquire of Mr THOMAS NICHOLSON, Or cor, Elizabeth street and corner of Great Bourke street, or to GEORGE SCARBOROUGH, on tho premises 2I8\7 To Let, in a very comfortable cottage in Collingwood, Two rooms, neatly papered; corner of George and David streets, road leading from Brunswick street to the Shepherd's Arms. 21868 TO Let n bhop an t Store sitting room and let o ni In C llln>,«ood corner of Sackrllln »tra t ai d "niiih strict with yo d w,ll fenced In Shop IO x l8 stire 10x12 r-miiis 9x12, )ard 113x00 Apil) t C VI HI Sill- It VR, or at the Waterloo Store, J »I nston lire t.C lil g»ool_21HS9 TO I et a font room Including wood anl water ppl), 98, Kiog-»troet, opio.lto thoEmlgratoi Dorsit_¿1858 O L t two houses of four rnr lu» each, well finished _ »nd d' fir a y respectable tarty ; appl) to Mr Rlcasbi, builder, near Cremorne Garden» Richmond _81888 TO Lot a four roomed cottage, also a llir« e roomed one rent very modélate, apply to Mr John Rolpb opposite the mounted oolloo barracks, Rich mond _ ¿"-O' T) lit, in Riihmnnl, » horse, water eirt and lump tho priprlctor James Bill having lef' Rltlimnn I to | roce d to tho Diggings Apply to los'i h Ha) i c«, at noir and Sun « »ale ) ard»_21861 TO Let, the lease, goodwill, and furniture of a re spectable board and Iodging house, a good con nection attached. Apply to Mr. J. Silk, 21, Lonsdale- street, east. 21860 'IVU Let a trott) six roomed until,e «eil fenced in, J. at Prahran known asSargond»» Cittag « »il>l> on the p cullin, or toGardluor, Morrill) ai dCo 73, Clunie ) lane 21873 VIC I OKI A Brower) -To Let In tons quenco e I Intended dlstol lion of larlncrsbip the I paso and Good » 111 of the V len ria Brewer) (I ne C mil II a) In Lillie Bourko street The I lant Is In fu 1 wnrkli g order ; there Is also u stoak of barle), ho| « Ac , to b* taken at valua Ion Api Notion ti be mudo ti T C Potts, at tho ellice of tho brewer). ¿1920 »ubllo Meetinr« MELBOURNE, St Kilda aid Bilghlui R llway -A publia meeting or the Inhal Hants of St Kilda will be held on Irlda) evening next tho 20ti Instant at teven o clock at the Ro) al Hotel St Kilda, to consider this mi'ertaVIn , when nil person» In trrusled In Its pr . Ion aro partiell nrl) Invited to a'tnd W U 1 l.ir, Etq , will taEeHie chair -Hy orlcrofthecoiuiJlloe, O L II iNBURi, Bccrctai) jiro Im Odlces of the Oompan), 28, Quccn-alrcct Mel bourne 22nd August 1653 2211« I LllOURN! St Kihi i, nnd Brighton Ballway -A Pul Ho Meeting of tho Ii liahltinti of Bri,I ton will bl held on Sntu da) cseniiiL, next tho 9.7th Imtant at scull o clock, at the Devonshire Inn llrlpht ", to oontldcr this undertaking, when all 1er on« Interested In It» (rouotlnn am partlcnlaily Invltid to attend Thoms» M'Coniblc, I sq , »111 take the chair By order of the Ccmmlttoo, O L IIANBUIl,, Secrotury pro lim Otu o» ot the Comvnn), 28, Qucon street, Melbourne 22nd Auguit, ltd 22113 Oold, Wool, Tallow, »sac. ADVANCFSon Qoll Dust, Ao -The nnlenlbned «lllmakt liberal idvmoes on Wool, Tallow, and Gol I Dust ci nslgnod to Messn Itcdforuand Aluxan I r, 33, Great WlnehcslcMtrcot, Lou Ion THOMAS AND RI W, 41 Market square_ 11787 ADVANCh S mad» on Conslgnuu nt» to our friends In Llvcrpoil und London | alto to our liouies In San 1 rmclsco California, and tho Atlanlla Slate» - Rogen Warn»! an I Co_ 1196T ADVANCES-Liberal advarcoi made on contigo menta bv Dusse), Bond and Halo, corner of Collin« and W lill im street» Consignments »ollolted to the house of llussoi, Bond »nd Hal» lu San Trun olson California 84H1 NOTICE to Butuhcri ann Others -The undoislgnod aro purchasers or mutton and beef fat, an I tallow, at tho marlcot price delivered at their stores, 8, Lons dale street, west and at their works, Kensington, near Flomlngton BENN anti CO_14839 THE Un lerslgncd aro prciiared to purchato or mr Ve advances on all descriptions ol Colonial 1 rodil e consigned to their frlendi Miss« Baring, Brother«, and Co. GOODMAN A UMPHLLDY, 8, Collins »treet_ _11762 THE unlorslgned will make Advanon» on Produo« or Gul 1 Dust, to tho consignment of their frli n li In London, Llvorpool, or Bristol BRIGHT, IIUO'I HEItH, A Cn, 8, Flliabotb street ¿7th lilly, 1883 10684 .«Pi AftA T0 Ll"ul "I*"1 800«1 Mcurltyi appl) iS/IWU to J Davit, auctioneer, t, Great Collin« ttrcot eut_ 1«8; 4?9fi (\\(\\(\ I'lIPu'-'oiilinodarolaitruoledbi SlAVivvV, Invest thesbuvc »um lu tim imrchue of good li 'proved City or Suburban Property Partie» having an) property nf thl» ilesoriptton for dltpotnl will plc»te to communicate forthwith P DAVIS and CO , C1 ty Mart, 48, Collliu-ttrcot, cut 6308 Oranlnr Vaddookt. DANDENONG Ornrlng Paddock »djolulnp th» township of Dandenong, twenty mile» from Mel bourne ; hones und bullocks will be lecolved R I WALKER N Ii V dwanl Cousins, Hie »howman uf Messrs Dour and Son s Bale yard (where be can be »con every da) ), will »end »tack to the paddock Air partie» 1410» O VBN8 Oold Held-Partie» proceeding to the abovo gold Hold can have Umlr horte» properly attended toby having thom forwartlod to UitWooraJay Biatlon, on Ri Id ( rees, two mile» (rum the loner Spring Crook Digging» The cattle are tailed out all the day on Anträte tees', and put Into a Urge and secure pad luck at night Terms, five «hilling» a head per week _]lom MOUNT ARARAT Paddock» -11,000 aore», Ctiuwd ' ln-Vroml«t April, the Unit« for grailiiK will I» M ¿« por anntm, or a l«n ptrlod, payabl« on re moval. No rejponilblllt). No entire Mock admitted N li--llornen -Jn,\«n to tho ptuldoek« and rtJelltswl S».1 J},lrtoí ' Vlolori» HUbft*. 8waiuttou-ttr««t ever) =>.<*., ?. UKMlYtflsUTTmBVCK, Agenclsa. N' "OTICE-Th« fallowing parti«» *>"<> boon np X1 pointed agent» for tho A\out, and aro authorised t o collect monies and rocclvo orders forthop»por, and for advertisements, In their sevornl localities - J M Main, M»lop stroot west Goolong A Brown !\ün"?¡« JohnB Silence Ailola-ldo J Walch and Son Wellington Bridge, Hobart Town Colin N Campbell Launceston Thomas Finn J,0,T , Wm Fuller Beltast J Plrklngton Warrnambool John Elliot Barwon Wm Douglas Kyneton D A Bexth Sfan85, ». David Oswald Fiery Creok J II Mather Ovens Jas Kirby P. în Hugh Swann ifllnlor0»« v. H James Bacohus Marsh J W Green Ballarat R J Howard Forest Creel Davis au 1 Choffoy Upper Glcnolg Mason au I Cilloy Williamstown. A J Best Collingwood Arthur Dyson Coll ntwood H Baker Heldolbc-g Messrs Cresswoll and Co Prahran Henry Harris Sandridgo George F Prjce Pentrlj,do J F Turnoi Richmond. William John Morris Glsborno Alexander Morrison, Lovcson street, North Melbourne J J Walsh, 239 Fllzaboth-strect D Urquhart, 74, Colilns-strect Saunders an 1 Stamford, 6, Charing Crow, London At tho establishment« of the »¡.enls In Gcoloni,, Sy ino), Launceston, Foi est Creek, and Hobart .Town, access to liles of the ¿rym ma) always be obtained ARGUS AOLNCs Colliuwtroct »ost-Moss PFTER ROBERTSON an I CO, Now« At,o-tta, Colllns-street, west, opposite the Majkot-squaro, havo been appointed Atonti for the Argut, aud will from this dato recobro Advertlsoments for fnsortion In that Journal Januar) 14th, 1853. HARLLs MAPI b3 ship Broker, Passcngir nul Commission Afccnt next tho 8)dno) H tel, William atreot Melbourne_l8»*8 NOlTCfc, -8 moincontenliuco beim, experienced b) tho distance of the Argus Ofllco train Uio Wharfs an I Western end of the olty, ndvortisers and others nn Informed that arrangements hate been made wlUi Mr JAMES WILLIAMS, Paper Ruler, Account Book Mai or, Ac , next door to the Royal Exchange Hotel, Collins street at whoio «hop advertisements and oJior communications for tho Arfa* may be left till eight o click in tho evening New subscribers mn) leave their names with Mr W illlam«, on 1 ho will also lu vc slnde coi le» of tho paper constan* ) on sale_ TO Publicans an J Others-Joiei h W Lcvdl Va luitor and Appraiser, can lie leon dally, t-otn twilvo o clock until three p m , at Mr Thomas I owls . Watch and Clock Maker, No d3, Llliabeth strcot Mel bourne _I1"6-1* PARTIES desirous or rotunum, U biu,lanu or ul proceeding to ali) of the neighboring coloniis may insure a safe and speed) passs&o; by applying to Soatl) an 1 Juno«, Goncral ¡shipping ami CoMinlsslon Agent«, 33 Elizabeth street_8*P9 BALL ALI EY, btore, nn I Sale Room on« site the Rising Sun public house I Ittlc Bourko str'ei, east-JOHN 11URRE), Auctioneer, 107, Elizabeth street begs to Inform Importers of Urltlsh and American mcrcban liso and colonial produce that having Ukin poiscsulun of the al» ve commodlou dry nnd central!) situated premises whleh are capable or storlne, al» ul 1200 tons measurement ol j-ood», ho will be happ) te take ohargo of any quantlt) of mirchandise or ii li nir produce intondetl for immediate sale, without mai in* any charge Tor rent or ste raj,e of samo au I ho mull dcntl) trusts that his exertions to ssrvo hi» employe!» and to make the lie« lrlce of evory thing ilacod in hit bands, together with an Immediate scttlemrnt oi ill accounts, will secure to h m a llb'ral «hat of publlo support, to merit which will be his constan stud) ApiiblioSalo will lie holden at tile» tttorooicr) lúa» da) and trida) on tho wholesale s) tom, but n lots t »jit tbecontcnionce of Ute trade In ecnoral The Rooms in Elisabeth streit will bo ape-n r ujür for the dally sale h) asciioii of small ci tulMinunts -> gooils town and country proj rrtle» nous hold lum turo, and mlscelloneot i articles ard Hie unie «tia t will continuo to be pad to inline tiit.s cltborat he rooms or on the l ro uiscs * f his on i loyer» as horetolore I '71 UllLH - Mattlio« Moi> a < , »um leer Commission Agent», I Itery .ital lo Kue|er>, «nd Corn Dealers rcspcctfulls .-turn their »incore thnnr to choir! denis and the Public tor the lavor which tiley have received and beg to Intimate lliat the) have di» posod e f their premise» an 1 business 'o Messrs. Water li >use an I Anslow, who will c ntlnuo the samr In all It branches Mcstn M'C A Co hate the greateat ounfldence tn Introducing their successor», Mcssn W' A A , and have no doubt that thi) will give general satisfaction is tho) an both buslncis men, and have a thorouL.h knowledge of horse stock, Ac. ; and they will now he silo to conduct the business In a st) le which lias been hitherto quite beyond our reich, the whole of tho man agoment former]) raving devolved upon Mr M Caw alone - WATERHOUSE A ANSLOW having «ucccidsd to tho above business trust hy strict attention to the Interest« or their friend« and the publie, to merit a con tlnuance or those favors which hav« been to liberally be towed upon their predecessors. V B -Mr M'Caw has kind!) consented to remain and render ever) asslatauce in his power, tor three month» I4*i8 JC 1'YLE, Auctioneer and Commis« ou Agent, . Charlesatreet Lauiiwsstn».-Cnnsttrmnenta r» eelved) proweut returns, with rieaonablecharg-. .Tsong« gratis, for one month. Instruction» for purchasing Colonial Produce attended to. If recovered b) a remittance Launceston lamiary I 1861 8190 A CARD -To I and Prui rielor». Settler«, Store keepers, W holesale and Retail Dealers, Diggers, ami Others -Mr Robert Goodwin 30, Flinders lane, Flour, Gold, aud Land Agent and Factor Commis «lou« for tlio Digg ogs, Gcciong, Hobart Town, Ade- laide, Swan River, Sydney, india, the United «.tates, Paris and I nglund - import» F »ports, Ac 16088 fllO Merchant» and Consignees of G vrnls - 1 ho under X signed having observed the «liuoat Impassable state of the VV hnrves, »nd Hie t,ni»t difficult) of obtain ing llgbtorage from ile lisons Ila) to Melbounie, hate etitcied Into arrangements to land, store, and sell cargo al the pit rat San tri Ice ni current rates of commission W J HIS II OU A CO, Auctioneers, Ac 8«nd rllgo ml Vun in Is Chamber» Mell» urn. 9347 TO the Draper« or Melbourne, Geelong, Port Falrt, Warrnambool,and Country Storekeepers goomally. Gentlemen -I desire to thatik you Tor the large mea ?ure of support Hist I hare reeelvetl at t our humes M) aim Ita» been to brim, mt KtutlUh and Colonial experience to bear In establishing a large wholesale Irapert, »lop, an 1 hosier) trade ; In which I have been emlttctitl) successful I big to a] prise you that from Uili late Mr John King will bo c nncctod with m. a« « partner In th« bustuos» ; and It afford» me great i Lastre In tims pre sonting bira to you, known, as be has neon, to moat of m> friend» during the paît twelve «nanlhi HI» prae Heal knowledge of Uio Londiti, Mao-htistor, \orkshlro, and 8ootch narketa full) qunllf) bim, In Conjunction with myself, to prepare ordirs In detail for tho (.ulilance of our hon o buyers, In tho purchaso or thoso classe« of goods which have heretofore secured )Our valued approval It will lie the ondeavor or Hie new firm to secure tho continuance or ) our ii>| port, and b) oxtended Import» «Ion» to meot the Inonased demands of the colon) Gentlemen, 1 remain your«, Respcolfull) and uhllgvd, FRFDK J SAKOOOD The business of the new firm will be eonduoted ui der the st) la of SARGOOD, KING, AND CO 16131 TENMNTS Brill-The undersigned bolug Agents fur Mown J and R Tennent, of Well park Brewery, Glasgow, are In thoreoelptorrcgular supplies of their beer and porter DICKSON, OIL CHRIST A Co Quoin street its83 Rfc HOL'L»N, Gold Buyer and Commission » Agent View Point Bendigo 30039 RO/IFIl A KINGSMILL, Newcastle, Agents for ships and fur tho purchase and shipment of coal», maize, and the general produo» of the Hunter Riler district Melbourne Agency Offlco Nowcaatlc, Now South Wale« Heforeiico- Coffey, Hill and Co 13866 WM FARTHING A CO , Commission Merohnnti", Ship Brokers, lassonger Agonts Ao I uuntlng Homo, Hinder» street (Old Molbourne Brewer) 1 Pa«. songer Pillie, Queen s wbsrf 1202» rpiIE undersigned are auUiorlsed to make arranoo X tnonti, for vtnelt bound to Calcutta comlgneil to their friends ROGERS, WARI ILLD A CO , Monte, flore s Chambers, souUt west curner Collins street and William sttect_ lilla A CARD- Mr Phillp Chauno), Land Agint and 8urvc)or,14, Swanetonatreei, late Assistant to tho 8urso) or General, or Woltern Australia, and a Practitioner of fourteen years Colonial exporlonc» 18113 _ "? aaw «ToHcc«._ Ï THOMAS MEADE, fbrmorly of South Abbey, « Youghal, in the county of Cork, in the kingdom ot ireland, but now raiding at the town of Kilmore, within tho colony of Victoria, gentleman, an attorney of HorMnJoity'« Court of Exchequer, In Ireland, do hereby give nntlui' that 1 Intend to make application to their Hollerith« Judge« of tho Supremo Court of the .aid colony of Victoria, on Saturday, the third day of September next, being tho last day of the third term, to ho admitted an attorney, solicitor, and proctor of the Sill rome Court ol' tho «aid colony of Victoria,-Dated thli eighteenth day of Auguit one thousand, eight hun- dred mid fifty throe THOMAS MEADE. -By lllohiird mundell, Number 3, Lnntdalc-atroot, wott, In th* elly of Melbourne, an attorney of tho said Supremo Court, and agent for tho said Tnmnai Mesde, 2208» IN the Supremo Court, of tho Colony of Vlotor!» I, WILLIAM DEAKIN, lately residing at Hir mingham, lu tho County of Warwick, ami previously at YVeyinoutli-itrttt, I'ortland.flace, In the County of Middlesex, which »sid Counties or Werwlok and Middle, toxnrotii lint part of th« United Kingdom of Great Britain called Ergland, but now residing at Richmond, near to the City or Melbourne, In tho Colony of Vic- toria aforotalil Goiitleman, otto or the Attoinlet of Her Majesty'» Court of Queen'» Bench at Woitmtiuter, «ml a Solicitor of the High Court or Chencory aforesaid, do hereby give notice that I Intend on the lut day of this »resent torm, to apply to bo admitted au Attornoy, Solicitor, ml Proctor of Hil« Honorable Court, ami that my nama and »dmliilnn may lie enrolled by Hie proper oilier of tho laid Court, Dated Hil« twenty, «ocond day uf Auguit, ont thouuml eight hundred «nd flfty.throo. SUM [N the Supreme Court or the Oulouy of Vlototl». J. 1, Thomas Harwood, late of Newport In the County or MoumauUitutr«, willoi; «aid County or Monmouth .ilf» I« lu that part of tho United Klngdum of Great Britain tmllreltnd oallod Kogttml, but now retltllug nt ulmity-ulght, La Trobe-ttrett, catt, lo the .City of Me bourne, In tho Colony of Victoria «ibrtuld, sentit, ntn, ont of tho Attornlet of Her MsJMlyi Court of Queen'» Bench, ti Westminster, and ii Solicitor or Uio High Court of Clianooiy la England, sfurisuld, do hereby Klve notlot, Uitt I Intend, on the lut day of the P» .?»«Uti» Urn, to apply to be admitted au Attorney. Solicitor, and Fro «tor or till» honourable Court i ami til« my name «nd tdmlMlon miy be enrolled by Hie relier officer of tho laid Court, dated thli 2Wh dty of AUfuit, 1M3.-ÏUONA8 HAssWOOD, MWO Geelong. ARGUS OFFICE, GEELONG -An Office for tho AROU3 ha» boon oponed In Mnlop str-ot, woit Geelong All Letters and Communication« for tho Paper, Advertisements, Onion for lob Printing, Ao , from partios In Goolong, and tho neighborhood, ma) bo forwarded to that Olllco, and srtll moot with tho promptest attention_ MR GEORUL SHUT PLEW OR Til, Into of IV ii worth, London, who arrived at Melbourne, por »hip Hyilerabul, will obligo tho undorsigneil bj for- warding Irnmcdl itelj the piicol of lo'icrs, Ao , received by him from Mr John Garratt to the following oddrosi -Mr John Gatratt, Moorabool street, Geelong 10202 HOBSE BAZAAR, Grout Ryrlo^treot, west, Geelong -Dilly Salot of Stock, by Auotlon OPARRLLL and SON beg to Inform thhelr numerous Monds and constituents that the) will, from tills dato hold Sales bj Vuctlon Dilly, at tho Horse Baxoar, ot Horses, Quiet Cattle, Cart», Gig», Carriages, A , com monolng noll day at r»elvo o clock, »nu that at their Sale Ti arils, Ashbs, adjoining tho Harp Inn, they will alto hold Salos of I at Cattle, Sheep, and all unbroken Stock, an an) da) of tho week whi n required fho diaries aro mado to the Vendor (nono to tho Pnrchiser) and aro as follows, viz -An entrance foe of two shillings per head for »mall lots of horses, bul lock», and cows (but large lot» aro exempt from this obirgo), ind commission at tho rato of five per coat on tho amount sales At t> e Livor) Stables In connexion with the Bazaar, Horses for Salo will rccolie tho greatest care and atton tlon and, !f sold, a considerable reduction will bo mado m tho usual charge for kocp A secure and well watorud Grass Paddock hu been provided for the reception ofCottlo and unbroken Hones walting i fixed day of »ile Whilst Inhuming our friends and constituents of hav Ing increased our diy» of »alo, (which, previous to tho present time, »cru hold only on five day» of the weok,) and the other irrangcmcnU above mentioned, wo would beg to oifer to thom our sincoro thanks for tho liberal support wolla vo received as Stock Agents for tho last eight ) cars rho general knowledge entertained by the public of our establishment and tho long experience thoy hav? had of our qualifications as Stock Agents and Auc tioneon, (a branch of buslnesi to which wo havo dovotod tho greitcr part of our ttmo and attention) render» ar) comment for the recommendation of either, quite urmo ccssnry But we would request Hie attention of Stock holders to th se irrangement» Just made, In oonnoctlon with our cstibüshm nt, and which, wo consldor, will be productive of grcit benefit to thom, in saving much of ti o expense uni iclay consequent upon want of Iraute diato accommodation for stock when brought for sale, whilst »o can alna)» ensure the highest market price, which the quantité of Stock week!) entrusted to our care for dispos ti, and thu iLanner In which our sales aro at. tended, In | rojiortion to others, will testlf) Horse Ba aar.Mirc«- lath, 1*63_1074« OOPLHS ROI AL MAIL AND FAMILY HO IEL corner of 1 arra and Corio streets, near the Stc.iiulioat 1'lor The proprietor in rotnrnlug hit meit sincere thanks for tho liberal f itronago airead) expert enced from the moat respectable Inhabitant» of Geelong informs vision, to this town that they will meet with ill tile comfort» of an English hutel at his establishment fho spacious dlnini, saloon Is sumptuously and elo gently lurnithcd, and well adapted for public or privat, limier parties Dinners ni o scried up dall) In tho most liberal it) le regardless of expense rho bedroom» aro fitted up with erory attention u oomfort The stock of «lues,sprits, and Eugilih ttlis and pi r 'cr, «re most earimil) selecteJ and unrivallixl In th colonies Terms moderate. Soups even di) trout twelve tot»'io c1 «ck,a prof is«* oook being eii" "e 1 LOW IN HOUPKR,late of Bath, Fiurlond Geloni. Mi) rjist lill IB 71 Tf AlL ( ilNV r V iNCi« -ROBERT Si.ARL.hS eu .V.L God ng basin«, become the Contractor for the Uno from Colao, through Geelong, to Bunin)ong and -iura Bank, is reid) to take passengers and parcels at he Huies a) | ointcd Farxs, I s. d. Geelong to Colao 3 0 0 , " Buninyong 3 0 0 " " Burn Bank 4 10 0 " , Balaarat 3 10 . Faroels ¿s ed eacb lib weight or under i U. extra for evor) «Jib Agents-Mr W»de, Geelong, Mr.-, «Colac »ud Mr Akehurst Buninyong 1*743 VTOI1C1- -lo the settlors of the Murra) dlstrio X1 and the public In general -I hereby glvo notice that I never authorised James M'Kellar, who wu lu ni) employment to give order» or oontroct debts In m> nemo , and I »hall not be reipomlbte for any debt» the above named Individual, or any other pearson, ma) have contneted In my name without my »vrttten order HENRY BEATSON MORRISON, Geelong 1828» i^kUEEN S HEAD HOTEL, Ryrie-street vreit W Vliltor« to Geelong will find a good table and ex oorent bed», with evory attention to tholr comfort, on reasonable term» 10243 Botels and Kefrestimant Booms. OVENS ROAD.-Travellers ara Informed that on and after the l»t July next, good accommodation, Antritte wines, spirits, and refreshments, will be sup piled at the new township of Greta, formerly known a« the Fifteen Mile Creek, Situated half-way betwoen Benalla and Wangaratta, whore a publican's general license ha» been granted to Mr. A.M. If ol way, under the sign of the GOLD-SEEKERS' INN. Mr. Holway being well aoqualnted with the require- ments of traveUers to and from the gold.Holds, trusts by strict attention util «quai civility to all classes, to merit the »tipi-t of the pufino travelling on mis roan Stabling, har, oom, stoek-ytrd«, paddock«. »768 TVI1E Oven« Dis-glu»:».-Emu Inn, Lower Goulburn River.-John K. Hill beg« ro»pcotfully to Inform the public that he ha« purchased th» above premise« lately occupied by Mr. P. H'Onlre, and having ob- tained a Publican'« Lloence, trusts, by attention to the wants of his customers, and by moderate charge», to merit a thara of publie support J. K. HILL Intends ni king Improvements upon the ptemiics for the better accommodation ofhl» patron», and expect» «bnnly to complete the New Tunt tie« building. Ho alan begs to inform parties proceeding from the Bendigo to the Ovnis, that the nearest and best road to the now flourishing gold Held at the Ovens, Is by Barrow'« Inn on Hie Campasple Rlvor, and from thence across Hie plains to the Emu Inn, aud then atong the banks of the Broken River to the S) uney-road, at Benalla. Partie« proceeding by this road will dud the orosalng place muoh Improved, a road like a bowling, green, «rood accommodation, a «eil «locked store, capital feed for their cattle, a Uri trate glass of grog, and the «tríete»! altentlnn to lhi-lr wanta, I7i.il T _Medical._ MR. E. FLETCHER, Surgeon, has removed to », Lonsdalo-strcet west opposite Pasimore's Commercial Hotel, where ho may be cmsulted as usual before ten a.m., at two p.m. and after «Ix io the evening. Mr. Fletcher may alto be oonjultod every morning at eleven o'clock, at Mr. Dennis's, chemist, 103, King-street. _f_>" TO CHEMISTS AND DRUGGISTS, and General Storekeeper« In loira and country.-C. II. W11. Ham«, Wholosato Druggist, bog» to Inform his friends and the trade generally, Hint he has made arrangements for carrying out the wholesale drug buxlnes» In such a manner a» shall secure tho approval of all those who may favor him with tholr orders. O. II. W. ha» benn long established in tho drug trado, and lins no» so ex- tensively Increased his stock, as to be In a poiltlnn thoroughly to execute all orders entnutcd to hil caro. From the long and varied cxporlonoe 0. n. W. ho» had In London, and from hil present connections with the first houses In England, all tit tigs aud Chemicals eau be relltxl on as of tho best quality, and at the lowest re- munerative profits. Orders from tho oountry, F'orost Creek, Bendigo, and other diggings, Immodlatdy at- tended to. Great Bruuswlok- atroiit, Collingwood, Mol bourne._ 11163 OK Stopping Decayed Teeth.-The Enamel Ccmeut*, for stopping Decayed Teeth, howover largo the cavity. It Is placed In Uio tooth In n soft »tato, » lüioiit any pressure or pain, and soon becomes a« hard a« the enamel, and will remain Arm in the tooth for many yean, rendering oxtraoUon unnecessary, and arresting the fut Hier progress of docay. All poisons con use the Cement themselves, with ease, a» full direct lons are on. cloeed. At Mr. EskelT«, Bargoon Dentist Collin», »trcot, opi»»Ite tile Mechanlo»' institute._1861 BDICAL.-Dr. Mahony, forraorly In practloo lu Port Adel.tldo, may be consulted dally, at 143, Flinders-lane, east having commenced practico there. _14631 O the Chemist«, Druggist«, and Surgeons or Col. _ Una-wood, Richmond, and surrounding nelghlior liood.-U. II. WILLIAMS, Wholesale Druggist beg» to Inform the trado that he has now completed bli ar- rangements for entering thoroughly Into the wholesale department, and trusts by prompt attention to business aud supplying every article of the liest quality and at reasonable prices, to obtain a share of their support N.B.-The entrance to the wholesale warehouse It from King Wllllain-atreet at the rear of tho present premise«. Great Bru-wlck-street. Collingwood, Mol bourne. 18258 BDICAL.-MR. B. W. PILGRIM, Mombor of the Ho)a) < ullegoorSur.-ioiis, Loudon, Licen- tiate of Apotheoarles' Itali, I^indou, has ootuuionocd tho practice or lils prorestlou at Emly Park, Moorabool River._13184 VACOINATION.-Mr. O'Reilly, Burgoon, Ac, at homo for Vaccination every tnoinltig from ten to twelve, at lils residence, 109, Collins street, welt _ _10*11 DR. HALLF:f'rTMi,mborortholl Surgeons, l.ontto i. Ar., Ac, Snilth-itreet, Col- lingwood, (near the Shenliortl'i Arms.) At one dally for coniuitaUou, at 61, iwaiiston-itreet, Melbourne. _11083 VACCINATION pulurmod dally by Dr. Hallett, n hil Surgery, Smith itreit, Collingwood, with lymph derivtd by bl ma ii f, from oareliilly soleotett con. tttutlom. Hours-» a.m., and » p.m._1*456 DISPENSARY for Diseases of Uio Eyo, Smllh street,Collingwood, twtweon tho Shepherds'Armi and the Collingwood Brewery. Attcndanoa every morning, Sundays cxeopled, at nine o'clock. 6409 THE Brighton.road Dhponiary, opposite the Bay View Hotol, Is now opon, «hore medicines, Ac, of genuine quality, can ho had at Melbourne prices, family recipe« and prescription« carefully prepared. _11310 DR, MAIIND, Physlolan, Surgeon, and Aooouohetir 183, Great Lon.dalo.stroet, raitt at home Ibr eoniultatlou till eleven In the morning, and arter tit lu tit» evening. Oratultout advice to the poor from half-pant one till I lire« dally, ut Mr. HMt'i, Chemist 113, Oreat Uourko- itreet, ensi. lOsit _ _Amáneme pt*. _ WEDÑESDAY'Éronlug Lootursi -On Wednesday Evening, at eight u'ulnok, Mr. DICKENSON WHEELER will deliver a popular lecture ou Um " Study of Hlvtory," tud It) «dtpUtlau to tho iplrlt ol' the ago, _AdmUtlon li. ewh ; Momliem freo. 21000 ' F" 1MB ARTS Booletyt KxílbñS», Hall of In» Mtclitnlot' Initltuto, it now, optn from 11 to 5. Family T.okott . Í3 3 0 Bingle Beaton Ticket ,,. ' l I o AUnliilon .«i ... .., 0 3« , 2290(1 ?Wine and Spirit Stores» WHISKEY-60 Ilarrolt Monongnhela Whlskoy, fur Salo b) Roger», Warlluld, and Co , Monlo floro'a Chimhor», cirtier Collins ind William stroota 21477 Ï.TOR SALE, at the Coun) lug House of the Under " t'gnod Rum and brandy, in blid» and cases Whl»k), In nsk» Goneva, In coso» Port, In cases Sherry, In hhils qr -cask», octavo] and cues TcuorlfTo, Inqr, cuks Chamisagno Hock Claret Vldonla Bucella J. B. WLRE A CO. Melbourne, June 17, 1883. 9240 MELBOURNE HOUSE- To tho Resident» of St Kilda and Brighton-Wo bog to call )Our at- tention to our Stock ot Wines, Spirits, Beor, Ac , which for quality is equal to any ttock In Melbourne, having boen oarefully seloctcd by us from tho bett markets Martell t dark brandy In cases ) ,",,"", ,",". , Do palo do indo. J bottled In bond Other brouilles in bottles and on draught Lowndes Alton» gin In 1 and 2 dozoo casos Ko) brand Geneva do. Best Jamaica rum Bunion's best pale sherry Duff Gordon s brown «horry Do pale shorry Otilo) s clioloest old port Sweet Lisbon wlno Byass s lmrtcr, alo, Ac , With which we can tupply families »t Melbonrno prloe» WM NORTON, A CO , Melbourne Homo, Groy street,St Kilda 217¿V ON Salo, b) the Undersigned, Inrolcos of Martell » brandy, In bottle Whlsko), do Gin, do Mno palo »horry, do. Choice old port, do. J NIGHTINGALE ALEXANDER, 38, Flinders ano, eist 20810 ON Solo b) tho undersigned -Martell s Brandy, In bogsb Jil» Hern s ) '« ditto, In ditto Maitell s ditto, In case Jamilcn ruin, 10 O P. bandem m s treble dlusiond port wluo Hun« i port, In case B)ass s bittlcd ile aid porter Shorr), In i clives and quarter-casks Wni b,cal » stout In mik ( hampvnt, firstqtinliti Mai 1 a cher ot«, No 2 , Ac. Ac 20216 I SIMMONS, 61, Queen «treat. ON SALE at the blore» of tho undersigned Martell s limul}, dark Do d . palo llei ne«s) a do dark Bernard and Co s do , pale Brui li in eiset Genoin in casos Corni h»lton whiskey, and M| Icmll I old Isla) nhlskoy Port VV ino in qr casks, single, double, and trcl le diamond, and grape Shorry, in octaves ard qr casks Also, In lioi d Bri di, da knnd pale Rum dark nud palo Isla) nhl»ki) Canipbcltnn nhlskoy Cased brum)) Cigars DICK nu J MICKA», W holctale Wlno anl Spirit Merchant' 108 Lonsdale street, east_10273 THE u derslgncd hare always on hand au abundant su| ply of Baspberr) bilm Raspberry vinegar Lemon si rup Clave cordUl Ginger cordial, and Peppermint Thetc syrups b log ranufactured by the underalgnod and under their own Immediate eye, tho) can recom- mend them with coiiu.l-nc« to the trade and the public generally, at bi log a delicious and essential beverage during the hot season DICK and MACKAY, Cordial Manufacturers, 108 Lonsdalotreet cast_1»»»« rllHE American Störet - Wholeiale »nd Rotail Í Grocery, Wine» and Spirits -CHARLES L MORRIS A CO take pleasure In announcing to their numerous friend» and the publie In general, that the) liare commenced business In thou well known premisos I, Hinder» lane, weat Having a large and carefully »elected »took, the) feel assured they can make It for the interest oral! those wishing an article which can bo depended upon to purchase of them, being fully deter mined to sell nothing but the purest spirits and the best of groceries, and by that means to merit and receive a full »tiaro or the public patronage To thoa« at the mines the) would most respectfully say, u the) bare made arrangement« with carrier» to Bendigo, loreit Creek, and M'lvor, to carry for them twice a week Par tlcular attention will bo paid to all order» which they may he favored with, and at the lame time »ending such as can best suit all_87»2 Til K undersigned are manufacturer» »f Brand) bitter» Gin bitters and Old Highland whilkes bitter». The m»nuf»oiurerft can htghl) recommend tlieae bit ter» a» bein* a »uperlui toni« and beg to draw the at tentlon of the public to that fact WINE and Spirit Store«, adjoining th« Union Bank -Tho underslgnod huon Sale, at Import prion», nnaimr-Martell », lu anl out ofbond Rom-Jamaica and Eut inila,do do Winaxr-Islay and Campbelltown, do. do. Do. do In bottle ObxxvjV-Ke) brand Post Wini.-Hunt», Sandetnons, one diamond, two d amends, and Una« diamond» Snsasv-Burdon », and other favorite brands pal» an golden Alk-Alsop s and Bau'» Poarsa-Whitbread'» AIM, Lisbon, dry and »weet wine* Champagne Claret Cordial», Syrup», Ac. A CAMPBELL BROWN. Melbourne, Fe) mary ¿1st, 1863. 6380 SPIRITS and Liquor, -io bri» Alcohol, 28 casks Brandy, 30 brls gin, 6 puncheons Domerar» Hum, 2) brit. Jamaica Rum, 3 bli ii New England Rum, In bond, for Salo bj CALDVV I.I.L, TRAIN and CO , 7 Qucau- itreet 1020» Y\; lllSkhi -60 cases f I dozen) Whlske), In bond V> andfurSatobs CALDWELL, TRAIN, A CO. 7, Queen-strcot, south. »l18 Wow Works. UST Published-The Vlotorl» Gold Valuer1» Ready Reckoner, and Allayer's Chemical Guide ; Price 3«. 6d. ; being a Manual descriptive of the ordinary as well as of tile scientific mode» of conducting assay«, with tibit» for ascertaining the carat value of gold, and It» sterling value from £2 10s. to (4 6s. 9d. per ounce. The eliomloal Instructions by J. 0. Sooffern, M.B. The ealculallnns prepared by W. M. Higgins, F.G.8.-John Pullarnml Co.,44, Cnlllni-street welt 11168 UBEISIIED Uli day, Map of the Hetlleel Districts, \- comprising fifty parlihc» »round Molliourne, colored, and allowing the par!»h and cuunly boundorle», roads, Ac. ; with liook of roferoueo to the »cctloiu aud allotment«, with tho quantities and purchasers' names. By A. Piirchas, C. E., til. Cullins street east Sold also by Messrs. Pullar and Co., Mr. William«, and Mr. Clarke, stitluliirs, Ciillltis-strcct. 10013 rpilf. " BANNER."-On PrliIayí^VugiTsTÍFth, will X be published the first Number or the ¡tanner, a twleo.a-week iicw»pipor. To bo Issued un Tue«, days and fridays. Office, 28, LltHe llnurkn-itrect, east Communication» fur the Editor to bo addressed F.dltor of Hie Hminer, Ncavo'l.buildings, corner ol Collins and Swanston street«. 16482 Caution. ROBBERY.-Union Bank or Australia.-The public are hereby cautioned, against receiving Note« pur porting to be til» Issue or tills Bank, and or the denoml. nation nnd numbers undenuoutloncd acaso; or Not« form» having been stolon from the »hip StraUioden, in Ilobsou's Bay, and put In circulation with Forged Bl»-, natures : ti. No. 160,001 to No. 113,000 (, 49,000 " 40,000 10, from No. 1,001 and upwards 20, " 6,001 ,, 60, " I to No. 1,000 J. BLACKWOOD, Manager. July 2, 18(3._16332 NOTICE.-We, tho undersigned, »Til no1 bo rospon. ilblo for any délits Incurred by the Captain of the lighter, Lady flora, wlUmut a wrlttin permission from us. MILLEU awl JONES, FTIudors-lanc, weit _Ulli NOTICE.-Brig Wyo, from London,-ir tho pur chaser of tho llrlrks per that vessel duos not remove thom from tho Wharf Immediately, thoy will bo resold al lils risk. P. JUST A CO. mil NOTICE.-We mid on the 3rd tust, n 'foam of Eight Bullocki, and the rendnr not bellin able to ! tatlify us w toownonhlp, wo publlih thom ni undor, with their colors, mid brandi, fur publlo Inrurmallon, 1 red bullock, IP near rib», K near hip, ITI I oil'rump, li MolT rib» 1 strawberry bullook, blotch brand near rump, 2 neat thigh 1 willis bullock, HA off rump I yellow brindled poloy bullock, W11 off hip and ribs, 77 olf »houldor. 9 reil bullock», IS off rump and thigh, a off rib» 1 brindled bullotik, G olf shoulder, 2 olf thigh 1 bitch bullook. MT ulTriliilo, » nlf »boulder. VVATEltllOUJU A ANBLOW. 16681) «ilverilsenients calling upon nil parfitt having luggage I n their store to remove the «ame, have nut been »t. tended to, glvo this publlo notice that from and after the lit day of Soptoiubor next the rent will be doubled upon all luggage remaining In Iho store, and from and niter the lil (tay of October next, the rent will be double th« amount oharcod In September, It. JACOMB ami SON. Molbourno, nth Auguit, 1883. 10801 ._ letter, luulreuod Henry Arthur, would greatly oblige by loiiüiug It to Molbourno Lanier, Payment »topped, _ , 21022 ALL Partie» who have loft Ihelr Lug,î«Ke|»t Mel bourne OotUgo, Cnlllngwootl, Great ' Napier, itreet, aro requested lu CoU.li them away within fourteen úeyt.urlhey will be sold, »IbiiT GIPP'S LAND.-A Parcel, aiilrwS'lHffinC. Ouanlaghtm, Esq., Iles al our, oilloe, if an. I clalmt«! In t*o day», w11) b» »old ta defray oxpeuet». Brown, O|ltslloru and Co, 120>| Horse«, »tuioii, Oattle, «fco. BREEDINO tWES -For «ilo, oa ti e station of til undersigned, 80)mour, Goulbiiru Rlvor, 1O0 thoop, us under 2200 4 and 8 tooth ntl 800 lull mouth do. And üu 4 and (1 tuon watlicrt. 310U hen! WarnntoI navor to lino been disonud, M( HOI SON ARO VCH, or Mr JOHN MAC'irNZI. ,uocn »treet _¿ 128 oh of tho best fattening rum In tbo Hld lou«, district, with 12,000 I it ohne, - TI c i n i. oatliunted to deiastuiu 18,000, and the uliosi, i v d* pasturing thereon, consist of.ibmt 0 00 nethiis ni al«out-Mid owes, tile groiter lart of which aro i «v Ir pi Imc condition 21208 ?Vppl) ti HEAR A SON Queen Uroot "ilolliou no FV I Sheep »III be ro id) fir i.l , lu | rimo condlti n in bo tciuttr nott, in lit« to suit purehisers looio sheep deiiieresl on ti o st iti n ApilyioT W HAItltlo Ti. »i i osito t io Ilinkof Austro usl i or, to Mr IOI1V SI I VI HAN I rnck icrnck ¿oust ITtOlt Silo, , lu d Mured in october,on the station of ti u und rained, I ni four to five thousand fit -lircp I ir pirti ulir»ni 11} to LDW ARD LINTOTT, I i »in I lisaril« Ulier 21814 ilo, tnu i,i ii.-un.hl Sti ion lilli bcUein Uit htur«,eOU and tin II ;klm, willi abou IO 001 sheep F riitleiilir nip ) io tho pro] rl its r, >n the stitlim P IlUirlll.dON 21 »2 [J ilLI 1' Sl.ille.il Tor »ale - I aiiimho with OOOU shtc| D Nlcli i .on and Roach, Uu, Great Bourke stn.'t 18316 F 10,0110 slice 1» do lund uti tin atatluu , ft | ly to T W. Hirriott, C llltis- strrrt opiioslto tho Bank of Auitra taila, or to Mr. John Strachan Terric Terilck 19121 a TWO s ulitis comjrislnL, a largo extent of »hoe| coan* ) on the Hlllcboug, with about 13,ooo »hoop The Shoe p 8tatlona advertise 1 fir salo bj auction f ir somit mo ;evst(thc prtqierl) nr Alexander Inues Esq ,) aro now t i tulo b) ¡ Uvate contract namely - Lol 1, Vi uie,nrratta and Tumbarumba, with about itooo shocp Lot 2 ( ? nargo with about (DOO sheen W angori »ita has a frontago of 16 milos and Conar go or tet miles, to txith sides of Hie Blllchong, li) an nvern wi Ith or ten miles Tumbarumba is situated n the Manis Country, and is permanent!) watered Terms-exceeding!) liberal, appl) to BEAR A SON, Queen street 11202 \\.N TON HUltSf- BVZVAR ant General Sale lord - AROVL*: A TOLMIE beg to Inform the r frlcn Is and the | ublic, that the) have secured ox tensivo »bibles, yartla, eto , adjoining the Roheit Burns li del Mnoton «here Hie) havocominoncod business r-ir the Salo or Horses, Cotilo, Shoop, Stock, and Pro- duce of otory description, and trust from their exton sire cotjnlal experienco and local acquaintance to re eclvo tho patronage of the t ublic Ltvi nv -This branch will bo under the superlnten driice or one or the principals and forage of the nest description having been secured, »etUers, travellers, diggers and others, ma) depend upon tholr horses re ccivlng every attention, at moderate rates lions» Humus« -Hones broken todonblcorslngle harness, »addto, side saddle, racing, steeple chasing, etc , under tho Immediate superintendence or Mr L> Argyle, assisted by a number of experienced and slea ly grooms. From Mr As cxtenslte experience, any person i trusting horses for brosklng to tho firm, may dopend upon tho docility ana steadiness or the animals Aoctiov Sxls» or horse«, sheip, cattle, llvo stock and colonial produco or evory description, et cry Wed- nesday, nttwelvo o clock smart. StaUons, freehold, and other property, furniture, goods, préduco and effects of evety descrlpUon, ac. cording to instructions t ash ailvanccs ma le upon all stock or cffooti left for Bato Prompt settlements ol accounts ARGIL! A TOLMIE, Horse and Cettlo Brokers liter) Stable Keepers, Auctioneers, and Genera Vfcents, Kyneton Agent In Melbourne, Mr S Arg) le, 21, Elizabeth, street «ho will receive and forward stock or produce forsale i»6lt T ATI ON For Salo-Northwood, on tho Goulburn River. 10 mile» from Melbourne, with about 3300 sheep, 300 head of quiet cattle, and 20 horses Tho ah ne Is well adapted Tor a famll), the homestead being complete In over) respect, with extensivo pad docks, ntid garden woll stocked with fruit trees I For4»rtlculars apply to NICHOLSON and ROACH, 120 Great Ilourke-strcst, east 30330 THE undersigned Is instructed to offer by private contract Two Suttons, 46 mile» from Geelong, comprising 43,76» acre», with »lout 20,000»beep. The run I» well watered, open, and highly fattening, and per Commluloner"» e»tl note, will carr)' 26,800 sheep. Tho sheep, now running In flocks up to SOOO, aro of fair proportions, ages, and »exe», sr« free from dlseato, and throw a large fleece. There ara 4000 primo broellng ewe«; about 6000 wi>ddors are now nearly marketable. At tho homc»Uad thor« li a two. storied »tone dwelling-house, with verandah, two sunk cellar», a tank, detached kitchen and »ervanf» apart- ment, a garden, a cultivation and a grazing paddock, stock and milking )ardi, a »Ubi» and barn. There I» »n overseer*» cottage, built or »tone, a »lab »tore with »killing and workshop, a roan'» hot, kitchen, and an apartment tilted with tleeplng-berth», a large wool ibid, shingled, with »crew pre»«, drafting yard», and grated »killing to cover In 400 to 800 sheep ; »lx out- station but». Also, CO hood cattle, 9 hone», 10 working bullock», 2 dray» with taakllng, a plough, harrow», watch boxes, cooking Utensils, and a supply or hurdle». Pre emptlve right secured. Stores to carry over »hearing, woolpacks, «te., now on th« »i«««". ««h« i»k«>« «t on»t orle«, with carriego, and S lier cent added. Tenus-One third Cub, balanoe at 9and l8 month«, interest nt 8 per cent. for further particular«, Ac, »pply to W. PATTBSON, Commlwlon Agent Geelong. 4th August I*-"- 18169 VALUABLE Imported Hortet.-For Sale, by private oontraet 1 handsome grey golding, 6 years old, 1S| hands high, siro HaJJI Baba, out of a thorough.bred mare. Thli gelding li an excellent roadster» Brat-rate fencer, euJ |«rfos.tl> quiet In harness. 1 splendid bay mare, with block point», riling 5, 16 handi high, »Ire Little John ; a »upcrlor fencer, good in harnett, and hu been rod« by ajady. 1 powerful bay golding, 6 year old, »tanda 16 hand», »Ire Gilderoy 11» a very superior hunter and roadster. 1 beautiful bay mare, by Betsboro,' 6 year old, quiet In harness ; carries a lady with eua and »a/sty, and 1» a very liand»omo animal. The abovo ara recently landed from Van Dlemen'l Land, ex Clarence, and may bo seen at the Victoria stables, Swanston-ttroet wboietiio prlco» m»y boueer Ulned, or by application to K.1GILBEKT A CO., Vic- toria Austlon Mart Great Lontdale-ttreet. 176»» TO Storekeeper» -The best made Tent In Victoria, by King, of Liverpool, 31 x It double-roofed and Inetl. Mr. Smith, upper mil of Canvssi-town, teat maker._21821 OQrt^ATcTutlful'îioriii for tal«, throe-fourth« JsVÖU thorough bred, half brother to Conack and winner of the Miodow plate at Maitland. Apply to Bwaunel'» Livery Stables, Little Bourke stroet, weit. 20740 «.torasxo» AMERICAN Merchandise -Take )our good« to Die Ball Alley Sb re, I Ittle Bourke-streot where there la abundance of room commission moderate for selling, and no storage, laborage or any other charge made_8541 BRITISH Merchandise -If )ou want first rat« store room, you will find Hie Ball Alley Stores the most extensive an 1 best In Mcllwurnc_8840 COLONIAL 1 roduoo -linporters instead of having their goods oiaml) exposed i n the wharves, »hourn have Uiotn safely stored at the Ball Alley Sale Room, I.Ittlo Bourke stroet whore there Is accommodation for 3000 tons measurement of goods 8(39 ICKFOKD, GREVILLE, and CO, Storer» and General Carrier«, Hie Wharf, Flinders-street Mcrohandlio carefully stored Good« convoyed three time« a week to th« various digging«. 30633 ST ORE ROOM for Flour, Ao, and Dry Good«, at Bligh and llarboltle », 31, Collin« street 9(41 STORE Room -Store Ruutu mt) bo had for flour an and other mcroliundlso, at r Just and Co., Flin der« su net V> barf 838' S TOR \\(1E -Storage Hourn for One Thousand Ton« Merchandise JOHN GIBBONS, Queen street adjoining Dickson, Gilchrist and Co s 6821 4»J 1 ORAGE- Wardnu«« room for 400 to SOO ton« O merchandise Appl) to Pickford, Greville, and Co the \V harr, Flinders streot_ 9»10 TU It AG E ' Storage"-Storage-room for 100 tons cartage to tho lame on very moderate terms i «pj ply at 184 Lopsdale-strret, east 8618 1 ORAGE for elHT tutu Merchin Itioi a| ply to II N I. ughniti, on the iromlsts, Jil, Oront Bourke itreet, »cat, or lo Ö M W liltilunl, FTIndor» itreet _118(3 STORAGE- To merchant», oonsl|,noos or Hour lugar and other fe suds I li» underslguod arc pre. pared to st re 2000 ton» or n frehan liso at landridge on reasonable terms -OIUF Fl 1118, I ANNING A CO. _14343 ICGGAGl. Store I at lu* rain; apilyatll How J lena Livery St ti lu, Hit, t irn a il Louerai } t »re», Goro-alroct, Colline,uno I, li S Kilt AGI at tin Blois mi Yard, Little Bourke, streit, east, ndjoli lug the Vittoria Brewer), for an) quantity "f b moral go »Is, I onl, Brother«, mid Cn , general i nrrlets, proprietors 31BK rnrtnumtilpn NOTICE I« hewby given, that the partnership heretofore exlttlng between us, the uiiilerilgned, carrying ou bininu«! as Cuinroliiluu Morclinnt«, Ship Broker», Ao., under tho «lyle or firm of Farthing »ml Muñios, hu tivoli Dil« day dluolved by mutual con. lent) and that the laid butlntit will In futuro be coiitfiiuwl upon Hie lame premise», hy the uiuloraluned William Farthing, fur lil» own soparAte account, who will also receive ami pav all debts owing to »ml by the hilo linn, WM.FAHTHINO, CHARLES MAPLES. Witness, M. Hlovwrlght, Solicitor. 12023 Mullioui ne. ¡loth Ju'y, iwi:i, I^^iFNHRStai'^inrilûâ^flio" "iñi.ioMlgmil bog to Inform the marehnntt, shipowner«, etc., (if Molbourno, that they lmv.i thl» ii ay funned a partner »hip under the «tylii o( O'Connor, tlrnoiu», and Co., for the traniiiction of ii General Shipping mid C'onimliiloii Ageiiuy lliislneisat No.VJ, EIU»belli.strret, Mclbuiiine, and that nil bindii««« lutruitvd titlirlr charge will bo executed with nuiiutiwllty and ilMpntrh. THOMAS O'CONNOR, WILLIAM S, OIII.I.NI., IMI.'M W11.MUM 216!)] NOTTOIl li hereby given that tho Pnrluorslilu hltlnrlti existing between ui, the uiitutrilguett, William Charlo« lUi ring, William dono», »ntl Henry Chambm'lalno, carrying on the uwuiuitloii of Store, hoopers, on Iho Crtitaillnn dully, umlor Ibu finn of Herring »nil Co., wa» tim »lay ,u»»olvcit by mutual contint. All monoyi duo lo the mid firm, as nell u »11 ulalu», nr» rttqiietteil to he «eut In furlliwlth to Herring and Chaiubct Uluo, by whom the ubi hilvanen» lil future will lie carrie,! on. HENRY CII.VmHEH. LAIN», 0. H. IIKHHINU, WM. JONES, Wltueu Ralph Gray. I Canadian Gully, lilli July, 1831, »tau ¿ivai J-ropertjr. _...... ._ .... Jl Bar tor Cane VVuliaeo. Any person Iludir g til« tamo, ana de-llierliig Hal Hie P. »t Olllce« In Miilsourno or Gm luug, or at Armstrong, nu the Itlvor Exe, will be II,,»nilly Ho« imbil. T. A I-'. STEPHENS, Mall Coa- lman», Quoimsborry-struct. Mellio.ini... a'th lil'y, IhS3. 10984 ljMHJNi' stiü)liu <>n Mr. Robortson'-Run, tho fol lT low ng 11. r-iis :-l cb. Mint Hone, ihort Uli, white uno, tour s« Into fee*, brandid HA olf nojk, Uko R Vnesr sh .iinler. I lime buy draught ílur.'u. n ar fore foot uiui «jtfiiiiid foot whlto, s u kuli tall, »lightly i oddie mirkid, nea tly b anicd P noir chook. I timk bay cob. star «.ii inroiiotd, noir fir o foot white, short tall, iccuiitly briiiidcd 1' nuur check, Illegible brand near shoulder linn A. Cnu bohad on application to Chas. Cnlanuch Mr. Rouuiti.ii'» aooommodation |addoekt IJ, p,r Keilor, ni | a) Ing exponeos, li not claimed Iii " iirieon days will bu unid tu pay oxpcnoes. '¿1306 CA .it E Straying into my yardon the night of the luth ol'August nuo black Maro, whlto blaze down the face, branded Jp . n tho near »boulder. The owner can havo tho samu by | aylug all exponeos, and If not claimed within louitcun da) s from this date she will bo mid by polillo .motion, to defray expence». Apply to HOWARD A ESPERFoUD, 123,Swauston-streot. _21304 THIS is to glvu ndice, that a Chosn'ut Horse and dray, with F. T. Crawford, Richmond, strayed Into my j, uni last night into; the ownor can havo the samo by ptying expenses; apply to THOMAS COL* LINS, Sailors' Homo, Fllndan-hrac, west ¡lltlbourilu. 21. t August. 181:1. 21 CO» OTIC'E to the Public-Found a Box-tart; th* owner can havo tho saino by applying to Thoms* Johnston, Victoria-street, next to Mossrs. Davidson A Alen, Wine and Spirit Merchant, and paying exponte». ^_21881 MONEY found.-A »um of money found in Colllns atrcct yesterday. The owner can bave It by ap- pl) lug to W. II. Cropper, 87, Collins-street, and pay* ing expenses of advertising. 31993 Rewards. LOST, from Pioneer street, mar tho Bsrraeks, on Bulurday nlgjt or Sunduy morning, tho list inst.» Inno Mares, brai did as follows : One dark bay Mare, marked M near shoulder, W O Ni (Tshoulder. One black draught Mare, ofThlnd root white to hock, white ialoh near leg, lllcgtblo brand near shouldor. Ono dark bay Maro, »tar on the f. rehesd, TD on the near shouldor, branded TD twice on tho near shoulder. A Reward of Flvo Pounds each will be given to any person or ¡uranus who will return the sall Mares to) ^ GEORGE CLARK, at Honry Townson*'», near th* Barracks Molbonrao. August 22nd. 1853._318__ _£»Q REWARD.-Lost near tho Deep! reek, about dswO ti c 30th July, a brown Mare, qZ near shoul- der, a row of small ahito spots on backbone above th« loins. Tho above reward will be paid on dellveryat Geo. Coghills', Esq , Glencairn Deep Creek, or at our station. J. and G. MOUAT, Yarraberb, Bendigo. 15th August, 1853._ 31*13 £r REWARD.-Stolen or Strayed from the Ra*« t> Courso Paddock.abay Mare, short tall, brandad IP near shoulder, C off shoulder Five Pound» will bo paid to any person delivering the »ame to Mr. Daly, Lonsdale-street, opposite the Cathode Chapul, or for such Information as will Uad to her recovery. 3130» * _»£ REWARD.-Stolen, from opposite the Union cVwO Bank, Qucen-stret, a Horse and boa Cart Th* Horse an aged chesnut, nearly blind in tho near eye, white face, no brand, short tail, man« tailing over on tho near side, a sear on the off side and knees. Tha Cart painted blue, red shafts, and wheels, TGC on tha offside, opposite tho waeel. Tho above Reward wUl be paid on recovery of the Hone »nd Csrt, aud convic- tion of the offender. JAS. F. CRAWFORD, 33 Queon-atroet._3311« CAUTION to Poundkeeps- and Others-Lost or Stolon, about fifty miles from Melbourne, on th* Ovens Itivor Road . A chesnut draught Mare, no brand«, silvery eua and tall, rather largo Joint». Also, a bay draught Hone, branded JP near »bouMag from a paddock near Molbourn». Also,» black draught Mare, brandad 9 near »boulder, near hind fetlock white, from a paddock In LIRI» Brighton. Any person bringing the um» to O. COATE8, Port Phillip Club Hotel Stables, or giving »ach iaformatloa as will lead to their recovery, shall receive Flv« Poimd* for th» chesnut mare, and Three Ponai» »ash for tea other two. _\3I»» aC*CAA REWARD.-The Melbourne Gold Escort XáOVJXJ Company will pay th»»am of 3Mt. tor th* apprehonsion and eonvloUoB of th» parties who robb**) th» M'lvor Branch of the Escort, on Wedntadsy lasts and a further sum of 2601. for th» recovery of the »tolta property, or a proportionate tom, for the reco ery of any part thereof. 8AML. AROYLE, W. LB SOUEF, JAMR8 FINLAY, Director». Melbourne. 33rd Jaly, 1851._849» TWO POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or Strayed, a Bay Mar», brand«! WD offneek ander maa», l«ft last on th» W Creek with her foal. Whoever will bring th» urn« to JAMES WALKER, Ship Inn, FUod*r» lane. »hall racelv» the «boy» Reward. _81*4 TEN POUNDS REWARD.-Th» iiao»ra«olloa«d .camen having deserted from tit» Danish barqaa Chorus ka, the above Reward will be gives to any party on «urti Information being laid down a» «ill lead to thdr apprehension. Royal Danish Consolât», J. B. WERE. Niel Hommeitof NU Lundbek Bans Jensen Enooma. ? _ _H«vns Peter Kofort nita IJiOOR POUNDS REWARD.-Strayed Aroa» a Pad 1 dock at South Yarra, a light Grey Hores, nearly white, but ticked with »mall brown spot*, sr laa-Mttias switch tall ; branded on near ribs with a half eira!» and bar. Has mark» of being lately blistered all roasd. Also a Bay Poay, brandad F near shoakler, and with . white patch on one of the hind fetlock». Any on* bringing the above, or furnishing saUsfactery InforJ maUon to Mr. BALBIRNIC, Balmeriao House, Sooth Yarra, will reoetr» the Reward of two pausa» for cass. hors«._1119« TEN POUNDS REWARD.-Stolon or Btray ed from near Aitken» Gap, on Friday last, one large black Entire Hone, star In forehead, mottled noa», two hind feet white, no vtslblo brand. Wiiosrw will give »nob Information to the undenlgned as will laad to th» ra eovery of the said hone, shall receive Five Pound» If strayed, or Ten Pounds on the conviction of th» offen- der». JAMES WRIGHT, timber mereharrt Mai. oourn», 16th M»y, 18*3._102*4 W1ÎNTY Pound Howard -Stolen from th» «Ubi»* of Alexander Cruickshank, Campbellfield, on lb» morning of tho 18th Initant, l bay mare, Brandtd D ob the olf «Ide neck, «tar In forehead, steads about IS feet high. Ten pounds will be given for the recovery of the mare, »nd ten poned» for the conviction rf th* thief, by applying to Mi grocer, Ellzaboth- atreet or SHANK, Campbellfield._ rpEN Pounds Reward.-Lost from near Buninyoaf X on the night of Sunday, th« 17th (nat, three bara» of the following deaerlptlon :-1 bay Mare, white Mad legs, bisse, TB orr shoulder, foal »t foot, ldtikba* Horsc, brandtd G near shouldor, new brand, one hind foot white, long switch tall. 1 dark bay Hone, Htnaal «boulder, K11 near neck, short tall, hind fetlocks whit*, spotonnoae. lfatol«n, Ten Pounds Reward will be raid on conviction of the thief, or If Strayed Fir* Pounds Reward will be given to any person giving such Information u may lead to their recovery. Apply to THOMAS GRIFFITHS, at Mr. Hair«, Daisy lilli ; or to Mr. PORTER, Royal Mall Hotel, Buninyong _ »1*0 4*0 C REWARD.-Lost from tho Station or tha uudcnlgnod, a bay Horso II Y near shoulder, star on From Mr. Catto'« Lodden Uiver,-A black hors», well-bred, no white marks, Q off shoulder. From Mr. Whattaker's, noar Avoca Rlfer,-A ehe»' nut Draught Mare, UM near »houldor, X within D under saddle, near side. From Mr. Dryden'«, Mount Macedon,-A,lltUo brown Mare, KT orr shoulder. U will bo given for sttoh Information a» will lead to a recovery, or on delivery, or each of tho above hone«, at either of our itatlons hore, or at Wyoheprof, Avoca River. J. A O. MON AT, Yarraberb, Bendigo. July Hit, 10(3._ 13103 NE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. - Abi .oonded from our «tore, about 15th May lui. Michael Thomas Stacy Walsh, taking with him a sun» of money ¡ the above Reward will be given to any person who shall give such Information as shall lead to his «p prchension (he 1» a young man, about ( feet B Inch«* In height, froih complexion, dark hair, blue or grey «ve», and «can a moustache), by applying to Charl«» Mac. kellar and Co, itorokooiien Nine Milo Crae«, Ov»n», or Jam« Hemphlll »nd Company, Melbourne, shall reoelvo tile above Howard. Juno 1st, 1853. 11203 C CAUTION topoundkoopori sud others.-420 Reward J If stolen, or SA If strayed. Stolon or ttrayod from Taylor'« Psddook, Keilor, on the ovenlug of til« 4th August, one Bay llorín, branded ON near shoulden alto one dark Choinut Mare, branded IO near shoulder. Any person bringing the tame to Win. Pryn, black, smith mil wheelwright, Smltli-streot, Collingwood, or who will give such Information at will lead to the tiller, »hull receive tho above Howard. 1634? NOTICE.-Notlo« 1» hereby giren, that unleu th buick Horse, branded 11 8 noar »hoaldor, and 8 under saddle utar »Ida, »ont to oor paddock by Georg« Mitchell, Kyneton, on tile 18th August tut, be roinoved wltliln omi mouth from thli dito, It will bo sold to de- fray Um bxptmies. T. and C. I'HEVOB, Langley, Mount Macedon, 20th July, 1883. H364 and My, Alll) Station, Little Uiver, tlcluourno-rtiad ,on tho after- noon «f tim 14th luttant- ' Omi dark bay Hone, black point*, branded TO on off ?Ide nock, toro on ucar »Id« nock, done by the collar tliiillar toa team, about three Inches long. On« brietst bay Hone, white face, branded on oil lill« neck TO, near hind and near for» foot white, with a bar on near ihouMer. '1 he turn of Teni ounili will Ihj paid to any party wh may find tbo aboved dotorlboèl hones, and bring to con. vlotlontliu thiel'or Uileves, or a sum of "Two Pound* (£2) per head will bo paid to any party dollverlng tht sahl hone« to tho Mall Million, Little River, THOMAS GIBSON, »oolong, May 16th, 1883. 13107 rpi'N l'nun li Uowwvl-Stolen or Strayed from tilt JL ltnce.ooiii.ie 1'addvck, « dark brown Hone. In.uiiUd NM ou Um ton of »boulder, near hind toot whlto One grey miro, bramlod Fa near »houldcr. If stolen £iu »111 bo pallion conviction of the thief i if itvaycd ii nn recovery of cadi tu Mr. CUTHBERT, Blnokimltli, Vloiiilngion i or JOSEPH HOLMES, Hutohcr, Kangaroo Flat, Bendigo. _. 19082 CAUTION to Puundkoeport, Auctlouter«, aud Otliors, .«- Forty Pound« Reward. - Lost from lliilttirtt, Beventy-mie hood of Pat CttUt, branded T 0Û an Hie tides of tomo « I T on tho rump of others i V i » » OY »ud ?". on Uic rlbt of pthert t J M E .jqnJc'ijiaj »nd ?"" ila tin slilo« or othon. Tho above Rsw^fJ will be glvtu on recovery of the »Id Cstllo, by apnlylng at Mr. I «S!»»»-««*«,"?*.». CoIlbM« oi; to lit,'».CAMP. I BELL'S, Colllni-itratt. I Ktl»xiirnclM*yl3U>,.v8W, um 