^áÍRNAMENTAL- AND FRUIT-BEARING /» PLANTS. DLANTS from a most extensive and JL choice collection may be obtained on application to Francis Ferguson, Camden, comprising, amongst several thousand of other genera, species, and varieties, the following : Camellias, well established in potB, in a flowering state, sixty varieties. Azaleas, Indian and American, twenty varieties. Pines, Nepal and European. Cypresses, Chinese weeping, Nepal twisted, European upright, and horizontal. Araucarias, Norfolk Island and Australian. Magnolias, Evergreen aad Deciduous, nine varieties. Viburnum, ditto ditto, ten ditto. Elms, ditto ditto. Oaks, ditto ditto. Roses, Géant des Batailles, Souvenir de la Malmaison, and sixty named varieties. Berberís macrophylla, Fort uni, and Dulcis. Mandeville suaveolens; Paulownia impe- rious; Allamanda grandiflora; Cantua pyri folia ; Ceanothus divaricatus ; Gelsemium sempervirens ; Hoya bella ; Taxodiums ; Rho- dodendrons ; Junipers, 4c., ftc, &e.; Very superior worked young Fruit Tree*, comprising Apricots, Cherries, Pears, Plums, Peaches, and Nectarines, Oranges, Almonds, Filberts, Loquats, Medlars, Pomegranates, Quinces, Raipberrie», Strawberries, ¡spanish Chesnut, Walnuts, Vines. &c.; Plants securely packed for long sea voyages. Catalogues to be had on application. Apply either personally or by letter, to _FRANCIS FERGUSON, Camden. " CONTFERS AND TAXAD8. THE undersigned begs to call atten- tion to his unique collection of the Pine and Yew tribes, amongBt which are the fol- lowing Cunninghamia, Cryptomeria, Leichhardtia, Entassa-3 species, Araucaria -3 species, Callitris-5 species. Pines-9 species, Juni . pers-9 species, Cypress-9 species, Cedars of Lebanon and Deodar, Taxodium-3 spe- cies, PodocarpuB-5 species, Caryotaxus, Sec. T. W. SHEPHERD, 5766 Darling Nursery, Sydney. PARTIES requiring PLANTS or TREES, for ornamenting their grounds, improving their orchards or gardens, or trans- mitting to friends in other parts of the world, will, by applying at the nursery of the under signed, have the advantage of selecting from a choice end extensive collection, indigenous and exotic. Packing in the most approved modes, and moderate charges. T. W. 8HEPHBRD, 5767 Darling Nursery, Sydney. HAIR BRUSHE8, TOOTH BRUSHES NAIL BRUSHES. JUST received, and on sale by the undersigned, a SPLENDID assortment of the above articles, comprising every variety ; together with a large supply of TORTOISE ?SHELL and other side combs, DRESSING Combs. 8mall Tooth Combs, BACK COMBS, POCKET COMBS, &c;, &o.; JOHN ROW, Chemist, 93, King-street. 6677 BAKING POWDER. ABRAHAM ABRAHAM, 392, George-street, near the Royal Hotel, regrets the disappointment to which his cus- tomers have lately been subjected by his inability to supply them with this valuable household necessary, but has the plea- sure to acquaint them that, by the arrival of tiie Childe Harold, he can now execute any orders, wholesale or retail, with which he may be favoured. A. A. being the only authorised manufacturer in the colony, the public are cautioned as to spurious imitations with the American S&leratus;, &c.; Sold in packages, at .6d. to Is. each. 556 ENGLISH SEEDS, &c.; JUST landed, ex Nestor, a very extensive importation of Pea, Bean, Cauliflower, Cabbage, Carrot, Parsnip, Onion, Leek, Lettuce, Celery, Potherb, Lucerne, 'Tares, Clover, and Flower Seeds, in great variety and excellent condition. Horticultural Labels, Wire, Ink, &c.; ABRAHAM ABRAHAM, I 657_ 392. George-street. DRUG8, CHEMICALS. &o.; i ABRAHAM ABRAHAM, Chemist,) 392, George-street, begs to apprise his numerous customers that he has just reoeived, ex Childe Harold, a very extensive assortment of the purest articles ever imported into the colony, selected, per special order, from one of the largest minufacturing chemists in Eng- land. Having thus favourably received these goods, he can dispose of them at most mode- rate prices. The importation comprises every- thing necessary for the dispensing of phy- sicians' prescriptions, family recipes, and the retail trade. A. A., in conjanction with his sons, pledges himself that no effort shall be found wanting in order to complete with despatch any order with which he may be honoured ; nor can he allow this opportunity to pass without ex- pressing his ßincere thanks to the public gene- rally, for the singular patronage with which he "has been favoured during the last four years. \- _ ._6556 STATIONERY. ON SALE at the Stores of the under signed 4 cases assorted stationery, just landed. 8MITH, BROTHERS, AND CO., 6837 8u8sex-street. COLONIAL CHEESE, FOR SHIPMENT ON sale, nearly one ton superior Cheese, for shipment, each cheese packed in cloth. 2 tons Sweet Potatoes, just arrived from Port Macquarie 10!) barrels and 50 half-barrels prime Mess Pork 500 bushels prime Maize, in new bags, ready for shipment 100 kegs Colonial Tobacco. HENRY FERRIS. 891, Pitt-street. 6806 AMERICAN CLOCKS, of every make, forwarded to any part of the colo- nies to parties sending cash or a Sydney refe renee. S. HEBBLEWHITE, opposite Fruit Market, York-street. 647 > BEDDING, BEDDING, &e;, &c.; PARTIES requiring well seasoned and genuine Bedding, can provide them- selves with the same at fully twenty per cent, less cost than at any other house in the trade. Mark the address E. JOHNSON, Bedding and Furniture Warehouse, 169, Pitt-street South, Three doors south of Pork-street. N.B.-To merchants, captains, and country torckeepers, a liberal discount allowed. 263 IRON BEDSTEADS. E JOHNSON, 169, Pitt-street * South, has just opened two cases o " solid Iron Bedsteads, comprising Stump, French, and Tester, which renders his stock the most complete in th<. colony from which to make a selection. Note-E. JOHNSON (late Britten), 169, Pitt-street South, Neariy opposite the Congregational Church. HATS r HATS ! HAT 8" THE undersigned is now landing, ex the Pelham, Blundell, Patrician, and Harbinger, steamer, twenty cases of the very best quality of London-made Hats, with aU the late improvements and newest styles, con- sisting of Ventilated light French hats, black and drab Beaver hats, black and drab French merino hats, black and drab Palmerston hats, drab Felts, Batemans, coasters, Kossuths, Califor- nias, and spring hats, in every variety o quality and style. Every description of hats and caps made to order. B. MOUNTCASTLE, Australian Hat Warehouse, 487, George-street, and 77, Market-street. 6253 UNCLE TOM'S CABIN ! unabridged edition.-A large supply of this popular work just received-Nelson s edition, with elegant frontispiece and vignette. Price 2s. each ; sent by post to any part of the country, on receipt of 2s Gd. in postage stamps. JAMES W. WAUGH, 14, Hunter-street. 6760 TO BUYERS OF FURNITURE. Extraordinary Sale. PETER AND WILLIAM DEAN, City Theatre, Market-street, big to intimate to the public that in consequence of extensive alterations, they have determined to clear out the whole of their extensive stock at prices 30 PEP. CENT. CHEAPER than the present prices. The quality and style of their goods is too well known to need comment, and their stock being the largest ever yet seen in the colony, offers to purchasers an endless variety of choice. THE PRIT ATE SALE of the above stock will commence on Saturday next, and continue until the whole is cleared out. Such an opportunity may not occur again for some time of obtaining furniture, &c;, at mode- rate prices, and P. and W. Dean would state that no article leaves their premises without being personally inspected by them. (2* Mark the following prices : £ s. d. Magnificent Spanish mahogany stats bedsteads . 7 10 0 Painted iron bedsteads, 6 feet by 3 1 feet. 2 10 0 Kitchen dressers, 7 feet. 110 0 I Dining tables . 2 5 0 ' Hair-seated sofas, carved frames .. 10 0 0 Hair- seated lounges, ditto ditto .... 9 0 0 Handsome Spanish mahogany chests of drawers. 6 10 . Handsome chimney glasses, larg« sise ... 2 10 0| Spanish mahogany card tables, in pairs. 8 0 0, Mahogany loo tables, solid tops, carved pillars and claws. 6 0 0 Mattresses . 0 8 6 Full size ditto. 1 16 0 Counterpanes. 0 4 6 Sheets, per pair.. 0*0 Blankets, from. 0 8 9 PETER AND WILLIAM DEAN have also on sale, just opened, 10 crates of Windsor bar-room chairs 8 cases of iron folding bedsteads 4 bales of blankets, all sizes Also, An'assortment of Ladies' work tables Fire-screens Papier »ache stands Marble top wash-stands Ditto dressing-tables nificeat suites of DRAWING ROOM FUBNTTTJRB, In silk and satin damask, &e.; Secretary and book cases Chairs of every description Damask ind felt drawing room tabla covers A few pieces of good quality wax cloth Sets of baskets OFFICE TABLBS AND DESKS, Time denote» 1 case Chinese draught boards 5 gross hand brushes 150 »eta of blacking brushes l FOR THE TRADE. Curled horse hair Hair seating and webbing Linen and cotton ticks FLAX MATTRESSES. HAIR MATTRESSES. FEATHER PILLOWS. To Captains and Agents of Vessels a liberal allowance made : and orders to any extent ful- filled at TWELVE HOURS' NOTICE. Please copy the address DEANS' FURNITURE WAREHOUSE, < City Theatre, Market-street. Second hand furniture neither bought nor sold. _49« TO PUBLICANS. Ale and Brown Stout. MR. R. M. BROWN has for Sale by private contract, 25 Hogheada Abbott's double brown stout 25 Ditto ditto Royal Diamond strong als, at £8 10s. per hogshead, filled up and just landed Samples can be had at Mr. Newton's Rooms who will take orders for the same. 5499 DRESSED 8KINS. JUST landed, and on sale at the Btores of the undersigned Enamelled seals Patent calf Grafts Black grained goat Chamois Coloured roans Coloured rugs Rope matting Japanned horse hides SMITH, BROTHER8, AND CO., 6834 Sussex-street. ON SALE, at the Stores of the under, signed- t B. P. rum, 39 O.P. Case gin, key brand Port wine, in 1 and 3 dosen esses Sherry, ditto ditto Sherry, in quarier-caBks , Taal sugar Prime mess pork Ditto ditto beef Woolpacks Seaming twine Canvas Woolbaggins! Barrett's twist tobacco, anchor brand. SMITH, BROTHERS, AND CO., 6835 Sussex-street BISCUIT. BISCUIT. BISCUIT. THE following are the reduced prices of BISCUIT, at Wilkie's Steam Biscuit Establishment, from this date-» Best cabin biscuit 32s. \ Best pilot ditto (equal to fine) 26s.} perll21bs. Best ship ditto, 22s. ) Water crackers, in 30 lbs. tins, 16s. per tin Butter ditto, dit*o, 17s. ditto Abernethy biscuit, ditto, 20s. ditto Best wine ditto (Yorks), 12 lbs. tins, 12s. ditto Meat biscuit, 30 lbs. tins, as usual 20s. per tin. George-street, May 27. 6838 TO BAKERS, PRIVATE FAMILIES, &c;, &c.; THE Cargo of fresh American Flour, ex Albus, direct from New York, is now landing, and is now offered to the trade and private families at moderate prices. Bakers and others wishing to have a pure article will now have an opportunity of doing so. A trial will be given, when its superiority over all other now selling will be apparent. JAMES COOK. Circular Quay, May 25._6872 HEARTH RUG8. HEARTHRUGS. GIG MATS. GIG MATS. JUST RECIVED, ex fresh arrivals a large suprly of Hearth Rugs, of th very best description and newest designs, from 8s. up to 100s. Also, a large supply of Gig Mats, the only lot in the market at prêtent. An early call is requisite for securing a cheap article at JOHN HILL, JUN., AND SON'S, 107, King-street. (The old Furniture and Rug Warehouse.) 5142 OIL CLOTH ! OIL CLOTH ! OIL CLOTH! JUST landed, and to be seen at John Hill, Jun., and Son's, a large supply of Oil Cloth of different patterns, equal "to any that has ever been imported to this colony. J. H. and Son wish to call the attention of their customers and the public in general that they can be supplied cheaper than any house in town. JOHN HILL, JUN., AND BON, 107, King-street. The old established Oil Cloth Warehouse. BANK, and other Shares may always be ' obtained on application to W. J. LENNON, Stock and Share Broker, 356, Pitt street._ 5438 "HOBART TOWN AND LAUNCESTON AGENCY. MR. COZENS has been appointed Agent tor the Sydney Morning Herald for the above districts, and is authorised to re- ceive all moneys due to the above journal on account of Messrs. KKMP and FAIEFAX. Sydney Morning Herald Office, May 4. FRENCH STAY WAREHOUSE, 491, George-street, 491. Just opposite Cohen and Son's, Temple of Fashion. Mr. ERNEST BUDIN, late Victor Pro tois, in returning his sincere thanks to his customers, and the public in general, for the kind patronage bestowed on his establishment, begs they will continue to honor him with the same favour, and ht has now the pleasure to inform them that he has received per steamer Harbinger, five cases of French shoos. JUST OPENED, Ladies' Spanish black shoes Ditto ditto double soles Ditto ditto kid shoes Ditto boots, double soles Ditto ditto single ditto Ditto white satin shoes Ditto black ditto Gentlemen's dress shoes, patent leather Ditto boots ditto P. S. — Madame Ernest Budin, late Victor Protois, has the pleasure te inform the ladies' and the public in general that she will receive a fresh supply by the steamer Hellespont, ex pected every day, and that they will find at her establishment French and English Stays, millinery of every description, &c.; Madame E. Budin receives as usual ladies' own mate- rials to make up. Wedding and mourning orders executed on the shortest notice. French Stay Warehouse, 491, George-street, 491. Sydney, May 20._6403 99, KING-STREET, (Between Pitt and George streets.) ELLIS AND HART beg to call the attention of the public generally to their New Clothing and Outfitting Establishment, as above. Gutta percha coats, hosiery, tents, and drapery goods. _67 ÖW LANDING, ex Harbinger, Calloe, Nestor, Patrician, fto., &c.; , The attention of Port Phillip buyers, and tht j trade generally, is solicited by the undersigned i to the following new goods, just arrived by the above vessels, consisting of the following- I 4 eases of gutta percha clothing 5 bales of blue, white, and scarlet blankets 10 cases of doeskin coats 8 ditto of satin, velvet, moire antique, sod other fashionable vests 100 dozen gents* silk neckerchiefs 40 ditto rich black ducapes " ( 2 cases cord and moleskin trousers 2 ditto blue pilot cloth ditto 2 ditto super doeskin ditto I case mohair Balmoral overcoats 1 ditto drab driving ditto ditto I ditto Witney ditto ditto I ditto blue pilot ditto ditto And a variety of other seasonable goods, too numerous to mention. An early call is solicited. ELLIS AND HART, 99, King-street, 4643 CBetween Pitt and George streets.) " iMPÖRTÄ¥T^~öncir L HARRIS AND SONS have mock . pleasure in informing the publio that the whole of their shipments are now opened, and which will be found replete with every article in the trade. C. HARRIS AND SONS, London Mart, 6869 George, and 281, Pitt-street. POLKAS. POLKAS. POLKAS. 9 CASES of the aboye, just opened, , at the following prices Brighton polkas, 2s. Margate ditto, 2s, lOd. Rosherville, 3s, 6d. Zephyr, 5s. Hereford, 6s. , Ladies' Brighton, 6s. 9d. Zephyr, 9s. Rosherville, 12s. La Capote, 15s. AtL. HARRIS AND SONS, London Mart, 6 0_George, and 281. Pitt-strest. CLOTHING. CLOTHING. CLOTHING. O £Z PACKAGES of the above now «ti opened, and among which some of the best goods ever imported will be found Fin« black cloth shooting ooats, 26s, Ditto fancy doeskin ditto, 23s. Ditto black trousers ditto, 12s. Ditto superfine ditto, 15s. Black and fancy satin vests, 7s. 6d. White shirts, ready for use, 2s. 8d. At L. HARRIS AND SONS, London Mart, 6861 George, and 281, Pitt-street. TO COUNTRY BUYERS, SETTLERS, BUYER8, AND OTHER. L HARRIS AND SONS have just . received 63 Cases of the undermen- tioned Gooda 3 Cases of men's worsted cord trousers 5 Trunk of satin vests 2 Ditto black cloth ditto 9 Cases of black and fancy doeskin shooting coats 3 Bales fins pilot American jackets 6 Cases, consisting of men's black cloth pilot and fancy doe trousers 2 Cases white shirts, prepared 3 Ditto regatta ditto 6 Bales canvas tarpaulins 8 Cases polkas 5 Cases gutta percha clothing, L. HARRI8 AND SONS, 5862 London Mart, George-street FURNITURE at reduced Prices ex late arrivals ; Chest of drawers.£6 5 0 Sofas from. 7 0 0 Office desks with nests of drawers . 4 10 0 Loo tables. 4 16 0 Card ditto. 3 10 0 Round-back office chairs . 1 0 0 Clocks of every make and description, in cases. To Merchants furnishing-Office Furniture complete. 8AMUEL HEBBLEWHTTE, 5785 Opposite Fruit Market. TO BUYERS OF WINTER H08LERY. npHE undersigned have just received JL a large shipment of Woollen Hosiery, consisting of Men's blue and scarlet worsted jersey frocks Ditto blue and scarlet guernseys Ditto striped ditto ditto Ditto lambswool and merino vests Ditto heavy yarn frocks Ditto lambswool hose Ditto stout knitted worsted hose Ditto sorted and grey worsted hose Ditto grey lambswool half hose Ditto Btout grey knitted worsted half-hose Women's white lambswool hose Ditto black worsted and cachmere hose. PRICE, FAVENC, AND GWYN, 6689_269, Pitt-street. FLOOR CLOTHS AND CARPETING. A LENEHAN has just received, ex . Patrician and Calloe, a choice selection of Floor Cloths, Velvet Pile, Tapestry, Brussels and Kidderminster Carpeting, with Hearth Rugs to match. Also, Richly-gilt Pier and Chimney Glasses, Toilet Glasses, &c.; . Cabinet and Upholstery Warerooms, 287, Castlereagh-street. 6725 FOR SALE Ex William Alfred. 39,500 feet sawn timber 12 bags oats 3 casks currants 4 cases of the far famed port I Cooper's cheese ! M. E. MURWIN, Harrington-itreet. . 5823 ON SALE,\ at the Stores of _ MacnaV ' Hamilton! and tío.VGueen's-pláce- ' Sherry, in hogsheads, quarters, and octaves Brandy, in hogsheads and barrels Old Tom, in ditto ditto Herrings, white, in barrels Ditto, in half-barrels Ditto, Yarmouth, in tins Vinegar, in quarter-casks Invoices of pickle«, sauces, Sec. Ditto of fruits, jams, mustard, &o.; Starch Blue Men's, women's, and children's boots and shoes, assorted sizes and descriptions Sewing twine Ball ditto, for stationers' use Cocbran's office ink 8-4 to 12-4 Witney blankets Flushing trousers Ditto jackets Blue and guernsey frocks Striped ditto ditto 7-8 and 6-4 fancy prints Blue, brown, and green derrys 36-inch white sheetings 36 to 40 inch window hollands Brussels carpets Velvet rib ditto Fancy hearth rugs, all sizes Men's white shirts, in boxes Ditto regatta ditto, in boxes Ditto shooting coats Ditto lambswool hose Ditto ditto vests Ditto fancy corahs &c;, &c;, &c.;_ 6645 ON SALE, by the undersigned Fins woollen cloths, blue, black, and invisible green Doeskin, black and fancy Blue pilots Scarlet blankets Scarlet flannel Grey domestics, 26 to 39 inch Cotton drills White sheeting White cambrics Horrock's longcloth Toile de Cambray Crash diaper Brown Forfar sheeting Royal Irish linens Rough holland Ticks, apron checks, crossovers, io. Soft croydons Canvas, Coker tarpaulins Butterworth and Brook's fancy prints Ditto navy blues Ditto blue and white Ditto blue and orange Silk coloured damask Black and coloured gros Ditto ditto satin Union damask, coloured Scarlet and black printed orleans Black and coloured lustres Black coburgs Alpaca lustres Wool and ootton fancy plaids Ditto fancy pantaloons Chadwick's Edgley thread, assorted White counterpanes Coloured ditto Woollen quilts Diaper rugs Lambswool, cotton, and worsted vests and pantaloons, white, scarlet, blue, &c.; Cotton and lambswool hose and socks, various 8cotch shawls and plaids Habit shirts and chemisettes Regatta shirts Printed ditto Striped cotton ditto Super black cloth froek coats Fancy doeskin shooting coats Witney, gambroon, &c;, &e.;, coats Cloth, silk, satin, doeskin, &c;, vests Cloth and doeskin trousers, various colours Oilskin clothing Blue serge shirts Scarlet serge shirts Drab and brown felt hats Fancy alpaca, &c.;,hats, caps, 4c. Boots and shoes, men's, women's, and children's Ship chandlery, assorted Plated tea services, candlesticks, cruet stands, &c.; Metal teapots Pewter candle moulds Ditto tankards and measures Invoiee of saddlery Ditto perfumery Ditto watches, by London and liverpool makers Cabin biscuits English cheese Ditto hams Pickles, in pints and half pints Bottled fruit Mustard, currie powder, and capers Shetland cod and ling fish Herrings, in tins and firkins, red and white Vinegar Scotch catmeal Pearl barley Liverpool soap Mould candles Woolpacks, 10 lbs. and 9) lbs. Chain cables, from £ inch to l¡¡ inch Anchors, from 4 cwt. to 12 cwt. Nails, assorted Chillian minera' crowbars Smiths' bellows Vivian's sheathing metal Paints and varnishes Brandy, in hogsheads Irish whiskey (Wise's), in puncheons and bogs heads Scoteh ditto, in 1 dozen cases Port, in 1 dozen and 3 dozen cases 1 Sherry, in quarter-casks Ditto, in 1 dosen and 3 dozen cases Duff Gordon and Co.'a sherry, in hogsheads and quarter casks Burmester's ditto, in quarter-casks and octaves Champagne, in 1 dozen cases, very superior Chateau La Tour claret, in 3 dozen cases Ale and porter, in hogsheads and barrels Pampanga sugar BoydeU's tobacco CRAWLEY AND SMITH, 6446_Campbell's Wharf. SOAP AND CANDLE BOXES. "I Ann SOAP AND CANDLE ?IvJUVf BOXES, made of the best materials, on sale at S. CUTLER'S, Timber Yard, 8ussex-street. 6784 I SOUTH SEA ISLAND ARRO WROOT. THE undersigned have just received a very superior article in the above, in I various size packages. GEORGE CHI8 I HOLM AND CO.. 253. Pitt-street. 3789 COLONIAL TOBACCO, in kegs of 100 and 150 pounds, at lOd, per lb., upwards, on salo at the Stores, 291, Pitt street, 8ydney, HENRY FERRIS. 5437 LINCOLN Al Ale, and XXXX Stout Rutgard's October brewing, 1852, brewed expressly for these colonies. Equal to the best brands imported. WILLIS, MERRY, AND Co._4102 NOW LANDED and for SALE by the undersigned 600 Dezen stout, pints and quarts, Marzetti, Bryant, and Davis, and Bridges 150 Ditto Marzetti and Byass' ale, quarts and pints 280 Ditto Opor. bottled port, in 2 and 3 dozen cases (Hunt's) Martell's brandy, in hogsheads and quarter casks Scotch whiskey, first quality, in quarter casks. E. W. LAYTON, Wine and Spirit Merchant, 5909_10, Bridge-street. PLATE GLASS.-For sale, a very superior quantity of Patent Plate Glass, cut to sizes, 26 x 16, 21 ounces to afoot. Apply to the undersigned, at Messrs. LANE and CO.'s, 646, George- street. HENRY UNG._6682 FOR SALE, ex Moa, from Auckland : 55,669 Feet of Kau rie Sawn Timber, well-assorted. If not sold by 12 o'clock to- morrow, it will be shipped to Melbourne. 5621 M. E. MURNIN, &amngtoa-street.; TO CAPTAINS OF VESSELS, AGENTS, AND OTHERS. , . ,, . THE undersigned begs to iaform parties requiring Smith-work, that orders can be executed in every branch with punctu- ality, good workmanship, and dispatch, also repairs' of every kind, at the lowest possible prices. Likewise the manufacture of Tm Ware, in all its various branches, at wholesale prices. CHARLES YOUNGBR. Manufactory-No. 320, Pitt-street, near King-street, Sydney. 5485 BROOKS' ROYAL PATENT AND GREAT EXHIBITION PRIZE THREAD. THE undersigned, Agents for Messrs. Jonas Brook and Brothers, of Meltham Mills, have always a supply of their three and six cord Royal Patent and Great Exhibition Price Thread for sale. J. T. ARMITAGE and CO., King-street._8122 FOR SALE by the undersigned Congou and hysonskin teas, in chests, halves, and quarters Souchong and gunpowder, ditto Mauritius and Java sugars Fampanga, Taal, and Zebu ditto Muscatel raisins (layers) Elemé ditto, in boxes Dried apples and bottled fruits Pickles, pints and quarts Colman's mustard, 1 lb. and J lbs. Di'to ditto, in tins Ditto starch and blue Yarmouth bloaters, in tins Fresh salmon, 1 lb, and 2 lb. Capers, pints and half pints White wine vinegar (quarts) Prime York hams North Wilts cheese Bath bricks, pimento Tartaric acid, hops Isinglass, annatto Day and Martin's blacking. JOHN HUGHES, 5675 368, George-street, opposite Market. ON SALE at the Stores of the un- dersigned, No. 423, George-street, (within two doors of Dean's Auction Mart), Martell'a brandy, best quality B.P. rum, in puncheons, 33 to 36 O.P. Ditto ditto hogsheads, 11 cr. Sandeman's port wine, in pipes,hogsheads, and quarters Sherry in quantities A large supply of bottled wines Genuine Dublin whiskey Pampanga and Zebu sugar Congou, in chests and halves, ex Whampoa A small lot of whiting 5082 JOHN ARKINS. £Tf\j fe Cases Oilmen's Stores, con *9\ß(P sistingof Quart and pint pickles, bottled fruits White wine vinegar, salad oil Assorted sauces, French capers, French olives Mustards, in bottle and tins, jams and jellies Marmalade, preserved salmon in tins Sardines, red herrings, &o.;, &c.; The above goods are from tba houses of Kincaid and Co., Hesketh Davis and Co., and Bull and Ambler, and now on sale at the stores of the undersigned. ANTHONY REYNOLDS, 364, George-street, 6568 Opposite the Market. ENGLISH SEED WHEAT.-White and Red English Seed Wheat, on sale at the Stores of the undersigned. SMITH, BROTHERS, AND CO., 6836 Sussex-street. OPS.-Prime samples of the above for sale. H. BRETT, Jamison-lane. 2484 OLONIAL"WINES on Sale, at Lochinvar Vineyard, West Maitland, . vintages 1846 1852-3 inclusive ; liberal terms to Wholesale Dealers. Apply to HUGH MACKAY, », Church-hill. May 19. 6384 H COAL AND WOOD DEPOT. Flood's Wharf, Miller's Point. JOHN DUGUID AND CO. have always on hand a large supply of the best Newcastle Coals and well dried Fire Wood. Shipping, Public Works and Institutions, as well as private families, supplied on the most reasonable terms, at the shortest notice. 490 COAL8. rjiHE Subscriber, agent for the under JL noted vessels, is prepared to deliver in Sydney, 600 tons best quality Burwood and Australian Agricultural Company's Coal, weekly, also Brown's superior Morpeth Steam Coal. From the Burwood mines, by the Twins, Canmore, Alexander and John, Black Dia- mond, and Petrel. From the Australian Agricultural Company's mines, by the Lavina, Sacramento, Frederick, and Warlock. From Morpeth, Paterson Packet, and others. Weight and quality warranted. JAMBS MALCOLM, 667, George-street. N.B.-Several cargoes of very inferior coal having lately been sold as " Brown's," Mor- peth, the public are hereby informed that no one in Sydney is authorised to sell the above coal but 4265 J. MALCOLM. COALS.-The undersigned, agents for Messrs. Eales and Christian, pro- prietors of the Sunderland Colliery, can sup- ply 600 tons per W6ek, by the Cumberland, Frederio Griffiths, Bittern, Jenny Lind, Mor- peth Packet, and other vessels. The quality of the coals, particularly for steam purposes, will be guaranteed superior to any other that come to Sydney. THORNTON AND CHURCH, Macquarie-place. 6668 COALS ! COALS ! ! COALS ! ! ! - Parties requiring cargoes of the best Australian Agricultural Company's Coals, can always be supplied by applying to the under- signed. The quality and weight of these Coals can be depended upon, being suitable for every purpose, and superior to any other coal brought into the market. JOHN A. MATHEWS, Queen's-place. , 421 FOR SALE, superior London-made Albert phceton, with dash springs, Col linges'patent axles, elliptic springs, and lamps, complete, at KEAREY'S Coach Factory, Pitt street North._6871 MERCANTILE STORES AND RESIDENCE, situate in the centre of he city, for Sale, by private contract.-These premises are very extensive and complete, and will be sold on favourable terms. For further particulars apply to THOMAS S. MORT. 6148 PUBLIC HOUSE.-To be sold, the lease and goodwill, in a central situa- tion, and immediate possession given. Apply to E. CONYNGHAM, Dublin Tavern, corner of Liverpool-street, in George- street. 6785 TO EMIGRANTS and OTHERS. A fair and honest cash price given for guns, pistols, watches, tools, clothing, linen, bedding, furniture, and miscellaneous pro- perty of every description, by JOHN SMITH, 229, Pitt-street. Established January, 1840. Goods carefully stored if preferred. 4489 URNITURE BOUGHT. - Parties bringing over English furniture of the best description, and not able to find a suitable dwelling to make use of it, will find a pur. chaser at the most liberal prices, if really good, HENRY WOOLLEY, 419, George-Btreet late of Bond-street, London. 368 LLOW, Wool, Foreign Coins, Bills of Exchange, English, Irish, and Scotch Bank Notes, purchased by the under- signed. JACOB MARKS, Bullion and Foreign Exchange, George-street, opposite the New Bank of New South Wales._4571 GOLD DUS T.-Th« undersigned are purchasers. YOUNG AND CO., 4188 467» George-street, rpA T THE undersigned are prepared to issme their Drafts on the ¡following places :- , ., j ', . l 1 b t London , 1 < ^ liverpool ' r , . Paria I * ' Brussels > Vienna Hamburgh Amsterdam Antwerp Frankfort Bremen, &c;, fice. MONTEFIORE, GRAHAM, fc CO. Sydney, 8th March. 800 TO GOLD DIGGERS. ^a^HE undersigned are now receiving ÜL Gold fox consignment to their friends Antony Gibbs and Sons, London, for which they give a receipt here, and undertake to hand over within the shortest possible period, the nett proceeds of the same, less the Exchange of the day and London charges only. The time for Return of Advances wül not in all proba- bility exceed nine months. CRAWLEY AND SMITH, Campbell's Wharf, Sydney. N.B.-Parties desiring to provide Passages for friends or relations in England by the Eagle Line of Packets from Liverpool, estab- lished by Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., will End this an advantageous mode of remitting. IHE undersigned are purchasers of Gold Dust. KIRCHNER AND CO. _651 nnHE undersigned are purchasers of JL Wool, Tallow, Hides, and Sperm Oil, KIRCHNER AND CO._670 riiHE undersigned are cash purchasers JL of Wool and Sheepskins. SWAIN, WEBBS, AND CO.. Circular Quay. 2708 TO ENGINEERS. npENDERS being required by the JL Board of Directors of the Penrith Nepean Bridge Company for the supervision of the works of the bridge intended to be erected ' across the River Nepean, qualified persons, disposed to undertake such duty, are required to address their proposals, accompanied by testimonials of capability, to the Chairman and Board of Directors, under cover to the Secre- tary, on or before the first Tuesday in the month of June next. The Board are not bound to accept the lowest tender. By order of the Board of Directors, ALEXANDER FRASER, Secretary. Penrith Nepean Bridge Company's Office, May 4. 4209 ESTATE OF HENDERSON, ESQ., DECEASED ADMINISTRATION of the above Estate having been granted by the Supreme Court to William CroasdiU, of New- castle, E>quiro, all claims and demands on the Estate, are requested to be immediately sent in to the Administrator, or to Mr. W. H. MOORE, College- street, Sydney, Solicitor to the said Estate. 5768 NOTICE.-The Partnership hitherto existing between us, the undersigned, as Graziers, in the district of Darling Downs, is this day dissolved by mutual consent. GEORGE GAMMIE. JOHN GAMMES. Witnesi-LEOMA.nD J. Boon. Talgai, Darling Downs, May 13. OTICE.-It is requested that all debts due by the late firm of George and John Gammie, be presented to the under- signed, in duplicate, at the Australian Club, Sydney, as soon as possible. GEORGE GAMMIE. Talgai, Darling Downs, May 13. 6647 fflfHE partnership at present carried on M. by the undersigned, under the style aal i title of Mitchell and Tully, as Ship Chandlers ' Wine and Spirit Merchants, Custom House and General Agents, will, by mutual consent, cease to exist on and after the 30th day of June next, All personshaving any claims against the above firm will bs good enough to forward their accounts on or before the aforesaid 30th June, and any persons indebted to the above firm are asquesiea to pay same immediately. GEORGE MITCHELL. GEORGE TOLLY. I Witness-J. Reid. ¡ Queen's Wharf, Newcastle, May 13. 6466 SAMUEL GORDGE left Plymouth, February, 1852, in the ship Duke of Corn- wall, will hear of his brother, George Gordge, by addressing Mr. POPE, wheelwright, Little Lonsdale-street West, Melbourne. 6268 NOTICE.-Any person found tres- passing on the Peterborough Estate, cutting wood, or removing shells therefrom, will be prosecuted as the law directs. R. TOWNS. May 11._"4886 NOTICE TO EMPOYBRS. | JF. JOHNSON, Labour Agent for . New South Wales, (care of J. N. Smith and Co.,) Ne. 102, LEADRNHALL-STREET, LONDON, and at the Old Established Ser- vants' Registry Office, No. 319, Castlereagh street North, Sydney, whBre terms for ex gaging Servants and others in England can be ascertained. 2590 ANTED, a few well bred unbroken Colts, from four to six years old, for which the highest market price will be given. Apply at the H. B. J. C. Horse Repository, Bligh-street. 6017 AGUERREOTYPB MACHINE AND PLATES. - Wanted to pur- | chase the above, if complete. Address, stating lowest prices and dimensions, to H. A. J., Post Office, Hanging Rock. 6629 j WANTED to purchase or rent, a Store capable to hold from 60 to 100 tons of Goods ; a water frontage would be pre- ferred, with a House or Cottage detached. Immediate application will be attended to. For further particulars apply personally to Mr. WILLIAM FOWLER, Steam Engine, George-street South, Sydney ; or CHARLES REECE, Storekeeper. 6796 WANTED, a Book-keeper, who has some knowledge of colonial business. Apply to J. C. Herald Office._6165 WANTED, a competent Book-keeper, to proceed to Melbourne. First-rate testimonials as te integrity and capability in- dispensable. Apply personally between the hours of 3 and 4 P.M. only, at the office of Messrs. MONTEFIORE, GRAHAM, AND CO., Sprinc-«treet. 6«M IOLINIST WANTÜD. - Wanted immediately, a good Violinist, to whom steady employment and a first-rate salary will be given. Apply to Mr. KITTS, at Messrs. Norria and Bucbridge's, York-street, next door to the Jewish Synagogue. 6803 npO DRAPERS' ASSISTANTS. -BL Wanted, a young man of colonial expe- rience. Also a respectable person as sales- woman, having a knowledge of the business. Oood references required. The vacancies will remain open one week. M. HOLROYD, Settlers' Warehouse, 141,George-street South. _6869 WANTED, a Ladies' Good Cloak or Mantle Maker. Apply to Mrs. FAUX, Windsor. 6210 CONSTANT Employment for Coat, Wßistooat, and Trouser Hands. Apply at H. WILSON'S Warehouse, 61, York-street. WANTED, Four Shipwrights and Four Joiners. For particulars apply to L. CORCORAN. Macnamara and Corco- ran'» Wharf, late Buchanan's._6854 AiSTüD, a Man accustomed to salt meat ; also, a Lad to carry out meat. Apply to J. K. CLEEVE, 17, Charlotte-place, Sydney. 6795 W WANTED, a married couple, witW Incumbrance-the man «pÄ? Tant, the wife as House 8ar««i T".8* No. 292, Pitt-street. W öerTaat- Applr* r~--- -_:.'. - .t 6MS RANTED .a ¿¡TOSTi» J » years old, to work in a bUckZi . shop on the Paterson. If « shara Ä& able to leam the trade. ApphT J7m$& ' FERRIS, 291, Pitt-street. PP T *° HBÜ -.--_ MB AUSTRALIAN B^lwayTVTrT roads.-A Civil Engineer, «f sÄ years' standing, who wa. enS^A? as resident engmeeron one of tis *$-. English metropolitan railways, aad OS much experience in the laying out- fomJ? and management of the same, wtsheVÄ his services to any gentleman orcompl fa terested m the improvement of thefoL"; communication of ¿is and the adjsoentX mes. He is also well acquainted wkh «te engineering works, canal naviTtion. J.Ï? works, &c.; He can gire the highest '2 references as to his respectability, andDo«ÏÏ testimomals to his abifity and experientTaA dress C.E., care of Mr. Venour, ïolSlOffli 8TdneT-_______ m rpO STOCKHOLDERS^^ M. ment wanted, as ovsrsser, ^LL overseer, or storekeeper, on a stock eatS I ment, by a young man of ten yew eokS experience. Can produce most satisfai*»] testimonials. Address D. C. L., Herald OfiS -_«7« XMTANTED, by a young man vrell. ?» acquainted with the London wholenli and the provincial manufacturing' market», i situation in tho wholesale department of Twi goods house, with the ultimate view of urocaS ing to England as its buyer, Sydney referes* of the highest respectability can bs riva Address to J. H., Herald Office. ' çjjj WANTED, by a middle-aged nun,o| ? ? business habits, a situation in a Counto Store within 200 miles of Sydney. Add« J. W" Herald Office. ' T "3 4?£T|-| REWARD. -Whereas, « <**l*\J the nights of the 24th and Hi of May. five of my crew, vis., Cook, ia five Ordinary Seamen, left the ship with« returning : I hereby offer the abor» tend or £10 for each man, to whomsoerei vii apprehend, or cause them to be appreh«n¿i Signed, CaptainBRUHER, Danish ship CidS Description-Eschel Ñipen Holman (ordinin seaman), aged 21 years; height 5 fee» | inches ; brown hair, beard, and eye* ; frei complexion. Peter Bogislaus Carsteni (<*& nary seaman), age 21 years ; height S feet ( inches; light hair andwhukers; blus ¡¡rer fair complexion. Jens Riis Sorensen (onS! nary seaman, age 22 years ; height »boat I feet 8 inches; thick set; hair and bud nearly black ; eyes, blue ; fresh compleiio». Between 30 and 40, Sören Nielsen aliu Jtai Brown, Swede by birth, (able seamen), hath about 5 feet 10 inches ; hair and beard liri brown ; eyes blue ; tanned complexion, Sara NieUen (cook), age between 30 aid 4* height about 5 feet 6 inches ; hair and »ludia black; eyes bloodshot, with cast in the left mouth awry ; limps. 6ft £20 REWARD will be given by Captain CHRISTIANSEN of the Java, for each of the undermentioned German seamen, against whom a warrant has been issued, to any body who will apprehend, or causes the same to be apprehended. Fritz Bruce, 24 years, 6 feet, dark complexion, stout Jacob Stuben, 24 years, 6 feet, fair, middle size Henrich Jorgensen, 25 years, 5 feet 10 inches black hair and whiskers, middle size. £»p REWARD will be given by thj **é undersigned for the prosecution snj conviction of the party or parties who its!) from Cook's River, on Friday, the 13th KM instant, a young Pointer Dog, of a ¡iv« @s white colour. The party in whose postean the dog was last seen was buying fine hm Mr. Blackwell, of Cook's River, on that dffl Any person detaining him after this mw will be prosecuted according to law. \ MICHAEL GANNON. Cook's River, May 27. «j| OFFICES TO LET. - A Spackfl Room over the offices of the undersigns] GEO. A. LLOYD AND CO., 474, Oetrt street._>j TO Let, Nine Partially FurnisM Rooms, with use ef kitchen, situated I Elisabeth-street, Hyde Park. For adores!» ply at the Herald Office. _6M TO LET.--Birch Grove, a lu| family house, situate at Balmtio, hiTtt} a frontage to the Parramatta River, tojtetsj with 35 acres of land. Also, Duke's V7M and Stores, on Darling Harbour. This itsM capable of holding 2000 tons of goodi. AM! at the Loan Company's Office, 354, Cutty eagh-street. 410j T) BE LET, the Lucan Park ¿UM consisting of 2544 acres, situate st Jenii Plains, on the Hunter. Apply to Mr. MOB* HEAD, O'connell-street._Jm TO LET FOR A TERM OF YBsJU, THAT most desirable and coman dious family residence, known as BROUGHTON HOUSB, Balmain Road, together with three Acra« Land under cultivation as garden and pi« doeks. There is an abundant supply of pm water, and the house commands a fine view« the Parramatta River at Iron Cove Creek, li« the wharf of which it is situated about M quarter of a mile. The house contains on the ground flocij spacious verandah and entrance hsll ; antj ing room, 23 feet by 17 feet; dining room,« feet by 17 feet; breakfast parlour, 16 feitq 12 feet; library, 16 feet by 12 feet; andp»' try, kitchen, and BCuUery. ( The upstairs contains five bedrooms, tvrt which are the same sise as the drawing i» d»ning room. , The basement floor has laundry, dairy, iW room, and wine cellar, ., The outhouses comprise coach, house, «tai» cow shed, fowl house, &c;, Otc. For terms and cards to view, apply any aft after 2 o'clock, to Mr. JOHN J. MONTEFIORE, 6212 Forbes-Btreet, Woolloomooloo TO LET, in the County of Georgia* Thalaba, near Tuena, about 45 W from Goulburn, a good cattle or sheep s'jM and farm, capable of grasing 8000 or 1W sheep, comprising four stations of PJ"0T^ land, twelve sections of pre-emptive nga^u* two sections of rented Government land, iw extensive run adioining. For P^ucularw ply to Mr. KITSON; « M'-^f1^ Auctioneer and Agent, Goulburn. Msyj^i SALES BY AUCTION. MARTYN'S Horse and Carrig Bazaar, 240, Pitt-street. BfP>«J¡ Days-Tuesdays and Fridays., AU j»" sending Horses or other Stock foir safej particularly «quested to send «»"««*£ tiona previous to sale, «tatong brand*,«* qualifications. andifwdthjrw&°ui!^-' WOOLLBR'S HORSE REPOSITORY, Bull's Head, George-street, opposite Police Office, on account of the great upon him for Horses. -J MR. S. WOOLLER begs to a form the public that he vr.ll srilJg public auction, at the above Repository, ero Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and a»"»" d8S: W. begs further to inform the p«* that he doesnot make any charge?« «« . sixpence for putting up horses foi' «J* »£2 Koomage fees. AU Horses sold the>°*T"¿1 haVe their money immediately afterjnej^ STEWART'S HORSE BAZAS 208, Pitt and Castlereaghjtwets, W eey.-RegularHorse Sale every Monday^* nJday, aSd Saturday, ?tl o'clock, ggj lions for sales should be left at tte v^ the Baxaar, at least one day prenons. , 