Shin News. Imports, May 2.— Steamer Clarence, 300 tons, Saunders master, from Melbourne; G. Fisher agent,— 2 pkgs hardware, 20 bundles hoop iron, 2 pkge stationery, Order. May 2. — Schooner Tamar, 119 tons, Ellis mas ter, from Melbourne ; G. Fisher agent — 1 tierce tobacco, 260 bags rice, 20 boxes raisins, 1 niat dales, 3 casks nuts, 06 casks sugar, 20 cases chairs. 6 crates earthenware 1 bale bags, 98 cart boxes, 4 packages leather; B casks beer, Ordor. May 2.— Brig Pen, 1(0 tons, Levin muster, from Geelong; Green, Cleveland dt Co agents — 4 casks beef, Levin.' ' ' May 2.— Schooner Rattler, 1261on's, Foylc mas ior, from Melbourne'; -Thompson «t Co agpnta.— 6 balet bhooptkins, 0 kegs fish, 6 cahka beel, Order. rVsengflrs por Clarence from Melbourne.— Mr. and Mis. More) B«d family, Mr. and Mrs l'ear, Mr. mid Mrs'. 1'erks a.,d family. Mice Kenworthy, Kin. Cola,'. Metsre. Aldiidpc, 1'etera, MUan. l.cwin, Wilier I'dmll,' Cock, Marks, Chapman. Fran-is. DcgbertyJ fYaice. Peel, EuglMi , and (iO HCKlilgU. Pnfsengcrs per Tamar from Melbourne— Mr. D. Fynsent, and '4 ttei'rnge. I'ansfiigm per Riltler from Melbourne ? Mr and .Mrs. Mi.ith, Mourn Looker, utrnclian, 3 licmji son, Johnson, mid I steerage. Arrivals and Departures o) i'tssels Telegraphed at the Heads. April 30— Brig Peri. Lcvine cmnniander, front Geelong : -in*eu. ( l.n-l»nd & Co agents. — t-c-iooner /jAftltr Foylc pomivi&nder;, Irom Melbourne ; 1 bompsmi i Co ogo'nts — Schooner Tamar. Ellis commander, from Melbourne ; G Fisher ngeni. May |_ Stcnmer Clarence, Saunders comminder, from v.clbournc : G. Kitlier ngent. — Sicamei Yarra Yarra. Gilmore commander, trom Melbourne ; 'Jhompeon it Co agents. May 2— Bai-quo Frances, Abbott commander, from Newcastle ; U. Fislier agent. — Barque Helena, from llobart Town ; J. Munro ngent. — Schooner Duke of Wellington, Pitcairn com mander, for Melbourne ; J. Munro agent. — Schooner Swift, Ling commander, for Mel bourne ; E. Symonds agont, — Schooner Vixen, Winshorrow commander, for Melbourne ; G. Fisher agent. May 3— Steamer Eagle, from Melbourne ; Thompson A Co agonts. . Bobart Town. ABKITALB. April 29— Brig Morning Star, Clark, from Lon don. 20— Brig Arabia, Davis, from China ; aehooncr 'Flying Fish, Lucas, from Geelong; schooner Wacquarie, Abson, from Port Albert, May 1— Schooner Lady Leigh, Dale, from Geelong ; echoonor Timbo, Nicholson, from Melbourne; tchooner Oiprey, Jacobs, from Melbourne; brig Cape Horn, Uawkes, from Geelong, 2— Schooner Flash, Parker, from Geelong; brig Honduras, Paiot, junr., from London, DirABTURlS. April 28— Schooner Henrietta, Sadler, for Gee long ; sobooner Montezuma, Simmons, for Mel bourne. 29— Brig Lord Auckland, Thompson, for Bombay; ,30— Brig Workington, Oliver, for Mol bourne, ': Kdboiimei ARBIV1L8. April 28— Steamer Clarence, Sauodcrs, from lAunceston ; Danish chip Choruskcr, Anderson, from London Deo. 19, and Capo of Good Hope March 12 ; brig Jnck, Roberts, from Cape Good Hope Mn*eh-; barque Imaum, Waters, front Salem Deo. 24; brig Maria, Pears, Irom Singa pore Feb. 22; eteamer Fettorcairn, Mater, Irom Sydney ; ehip Prince Albert, Durham, from Cal cutta Feb. 20; ship Don Pedro, bynnett, from Liverpool 30th Nov. ; steamer' West Mind, Sniith, from New' York lfith Sept.,' Cape Good Hope loth March; bftg Slstere, X^jdshell, from Singapore Jam 13\. 29— Sliip,T»meriftne, UaJdweU, Irom Glas gow Dix-. 12 : aohooner' Eliia*beth June, Lowei from Cape Town 17th Mareh : brig William and Mary. Beed. Irofii-Tnblo Day, Cape of Good liopo March 10| ship Duke ul Nurtliumlioiinnd, from London ; ship Wanderer; from Lcith : Imrque El Dorado; from London Jnni'arv 22; nhip Loid Meicall. li ? Table Voyn*a AnnricAn *hip, auppnsed to bo tbo Glance from Kew York t a Dutch ship, nnme uu BtpiiiroBES. * ?? * *c'' April 28— Ship llsrrackjiorer Underwood, lor London ; tautter WateriWitoh,, Tail, ibr -Circular Bead ; aobooner i«old pecker, Grant, for llobart Town j B-jjoonar.I»a, llarringhnm, iur Geolong. , 'i* ',J JWUoeUaneoui. SteameriVZsta.— Tn^Kesm, with about J«Opas tengen. Iroui Melbourne, ran aground .on a sand bank near the Bird Book, Oorio Bay, on tho night of th»»7rh «lttaft; ;tjn«J!|_Wj,^*rt the time, I ?ft;-.,-.* ,Uli. and in endeavouring to got ©vej what they thought was a trifling sandbank, they mo high and dry on tho bar. It is believed she will not be got off until a very high spring tide, if ever she does. The Sacramento, — We have been furnished with the following particulars of the loss of this vessel, which we now lay before our readers. It appears that the Sacramento (from London, with Gorvern- ment emigrants on board) arrived off the Port Phillip Heads on Tuesday night or early on Wed- nesday morning, when she was hove to with her head to the westward, about 3 a.m. Presently the watch perceived breakers under the lee bow; the captain was immediately called, and every exertion made to heave the ship about, but the jib stays giving way, she did not come round. Wearing the ship was the manoeuvre next attempted, but in con- sequence of the strength of the tide she struck on the reef at Point Lonsdale, while before the wind, before she could come to. Shortly after the vessel went on the reef two boats were lowered, and some of the immigrants together with the chaplain and his lady effected a landing. The clergyman walked on to the lighthouse at Shortland's Bluff, where he met with pilots Mansfield and Rich. The morning being thick, with drizzling rain, these officers had not seen the wreck, but on receipt ot the intelli- gence they immediately proceeded with their boat and a part of the boat's crew to the scene of the disaster. On coming alongside they found that the boats were useless for the purpose of landing the people on account of the rocks forming the reef be- tween the vessel and the shore. Shortly after this another boat arrived from the Pilot station, in which were Messrs Grainger, Mills and Draper, but on account of the burden of the large ships coming in, these latter were obliged to leave. The whole labour, therefore of removing the unfortunate im- migrants, devolved upon the ship's company and the first party of pilots and boats' crews. By dint of great exertion, carrying and supporting in the best way possible across the broken rocks, all hands were landed in safety, with some small portion of their baggage, the captain being the last to leave the ship. The shipwrecked strangers were taken to the pilots' quarters apd supplied by them out of their private stock with every thing they possessed. Mr. Harding, a neighbouring settler, sent them up from his station a good supply of beef, flour, &c.; Had the accident occurred half- an-hour later, or had more time been occupied in reaching the vessel, the probability is, a great number of persons would have perished, in consequence of no boat being able to reach the ship in the state of the tide, which ren- dercd it utterly impossible for human beings to reach the shore. As it was, we believe that the Customs boat, and one or two which had en- deavouring to render assistance, were swept out to sea, and almost miraculously picked up by some of the ships outside. The next consideration was, when the tide again served, how to recover the 60,000l in specie. Mr. Pilot Mansfield, with his boat's crew, together with Captain Holmes, volun- teered; the carpenter was likewise requested to join the party, which was agreed to. After great diffi- culty and risk, the boat was got alongside (although one of the ship-boats had previously attempted the same thing, and failed), when Mansfield succeeded in getting on board, and reaching the place, where the coin was deposited. In spite of the sea washing over the ship, he handed into the boat with safety the twelve boxes of specie and a valuable chron- ometer belonging to the captain. These were after wards placed by him on board the Empire, and brought up to Williamstown, and from thence taken to Melbourne by the Comet steamer. At the time of the Empire leaving the scene of the disaster, the Sacramento was fast breaking up. She lies close on the spot where the Conside steamer and Portland schooner were lost some time since. Perhaps as large a number of emigrants as ever arrived on these shores at one time. landed yester day. Between seven and eight o'clock last evening, the road from Cole's wharf was crowded with immi grants just landed from the English vessels in the bay. Groups of men, women, and children, plodded their way through the mud and thick darkness to the Government Depot, and Heaven knows where else, in the hope of finding a night's lodging. On the wharf itself, the scene was really distressing. Amid the unsteady glimmer of a lantern or two — which faintly illuminating a few square feet of ground, only served to increase the darkness every- where else — many hundreds of human beings groped their way ashore, clambering over heaps upon heaps of luggage, bales and goods of every de scription, the slippery wharf beneath their feet, the silent river rippling past, and only too thankful to escape without loss of life or limb from the perplex- ing dangers around. Numbers of these immigrants must have passed the night in sheds behind logs of wood, or inside the large boilers lying about the wharves. We may observe that there is not a sin- gle lamp along the whole range of the wharves, which is a truly disgraceful fact. — Melbourne Argus, April 30. 