81 LLOYD'S Agency. To understand have arranged y to the Surveying of Ships' and Merchandise in Hobson's Bay, and at Melbourne. 'Information from Masters of vessels is requested of any particular occur. race during the voyage, and advice and assistance will be afforded to those requiring it 'J B. WERE, KENT at CO, Agents to Lloyd's, Melbourne Counting House, in, Flinders-lane fruit. were a»or Oaelonic, like. STAR, Steamer, from Melbourne, Hot 23 son's Bay, and WIUHaitown-This awatwawawsaw favorite Steamboat is now running rogaKr. I f between the above passes as a Passenger and Ruhr- coal. Special arrangements can be entered into to to alongside any ship in Hobson's Bay, with passengers or gold, or for people, Jewellery, or samples of goods, etc. Applications for towing, o'c, may be made either to the Captain on board, or G. D. GILL, OS, Flinders-street Wharf. NB-The undersigned has Lighters disengaged. 30 16 2 G. D GILL. J TEAM to'willlamstown.-Th- COMET, having completed her repairs, will in same her trips as above, leaving Wllllanrui town Jetty at o'clook sad., and 3 P.M., and the Queen's Wharf at 11 o'clock a.-., and 1 port 4 rate. GEORGE! A MOURITZ, Agents stands to QTEAM between Melbourne and Geelong. ,3_3Cl»k_> -The Geelong Steam Navigation .JtwMewasa« Coraarjatíy'* splendid new and powerful Iron Steam Ship DUNCAN HOYLE, 200 tons and 100 horse power, John M'Lean (late of the Victoria), Commander, will start on the above line as under From Melbourne 6 Tuesdays, Thtcicmya and later days, at eleven o'clock, a m. from Geelong : Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, at eleven o'clock, am. The clipper Iron Screw Steamer KEERA, HO team and W tions power, John Thorne, Commander, in all at under t From Geelong: Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, at ten o'clock. From Melbourne : Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, at eleven o'clock. B. SMITH, Geelong Agents W. S. FYFE, 3, Market-street, Agent for Melbourne. The Melbourne Agent will he at the Queen's wharf each day from two o'clock, p.m., to take charge and SITS receipts for might, to be put on board after the arrival of the steamer from Geelong. fC-47 ELBOURNE AND UP. ELONG STEAMERS. Daily Communication to and from Geelong, per VICTORIA, Captain Lapthorn. The favorite steamer VICTORY A being expected from Launceston In the course of a few days, where she has undergone a thorough refitting, will Immediately on her return resume her trips, twice a day, leaving Raleigh's wharf at eight o'clock. in the morning, every , day (except Sunday), and returning from Geelong in the evening. By this arrangement the public will have, (nee junction with the other steam conveyances, a community. then to Geelong thrice every day and Gold diggers proceeding to Balaarat and the new gold-field will have ample opportunity of continuing their journey on the same day of their departure. Communication with Geelong, three times a-week, for the PRINCE ALBERT, Captain Laughton. The new and beautiful Steamer- PRINCE ALBERT Is app intend to leave Raleigh's wharf at eleven o'clock. every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, returning from Geelong at the same hour, every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. RALEIGH, LOCKE, THORP A CO N.B. Goods for the above steamers are received at all times, and carefully stored until shipped. Account able receipts given. 31310 FOR Geelong The well known Sch 'oner PELBART. now lying at the Queen's. wharf, and will he dispatched In a few days. For freight apply on board, or to JAMES DOWD ILL, l Bank place. Sept 19. 1853 3348 FOR Port Albert, Gipp's Land The _ well known r regular trader clipper schooner MEG MERRILEES will sail for the above Port on Saturday, the 24th September. For freighter passage apply to R. T. TURNBULL. May not street. 1633 REDUCTION of Fare».-Sleai.er MEL 1> urne, for Geelong, on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, at twelve o'clock noon, returning the following days at same hour. Balun. 81 ; Fore Cabin, 3s 6d. For further particulars ap ly to THORNE, SPARKS and CO., at Flinders lane west, Melbourne, and Jetty, acetone-. 37474 MI pt RE Tow Sydney. No FA NOTICE to Passengers per HELLESPONT steamer, for Sydney. The Public is reap otfully informed that the time of starling Is unavoidably postponed till Tuesday morning next. when the Apfirasla will carry the passengers down at ten o'clock from Raleigh's Wharf. RALEIGH, LOCKE, THORP, and CO. 23rd September 37631 FOR Sydney Direct the splendid fast sailing brig TRITON, 300 tons register, Ptirgoon, Commander. The Triton It now ready to receive cargo, and will be despatched In a few days For freight or passage, having superior seem dation, apply to BEAVER STEVENS, 9 Queen street. September 31st. 1861 STTtijR SYDNEY-The favorite Schooner J. VANQUISH, ISO tom, W. Scott Commander. This vessel will be ready In a few days to receive a limited amount of Cargo, and a few cabin and steerage passengers for the above port Apply to BEAVER and STEVENS, 4, Queen street EXCURSION by Steam to Sydney and week-The GREAT BRITAIN, Steamer, 3600 tons, 600 horse power, B. R. Mathews, Commander, with an improved screw and rig, may be expected from Liverpool about the lit October, and will proceed to a few days after her arrival to Sydney, leaving that port, on her return to Melbourne, about the 16th November and thus afford, jyt an opportunity of pelling a month In New South Wales, and making the voyage In one of the largest ships to lb, 1 world. FaitKH To Sydney is to Sydney, back to Melbourne First Class £12 12 0 £21 0 0 Second do 8 8.0 13 13 0 Third do 6 8.0 to 100 9 For plans, apply to OCTAVIUS BROWNE A CO , or to BRIGHT, BROTHERS. A CO , 8, Elizabeth street 337 so -took FOR 8)dnoy-rrclght from the Rev - seem T The splendid barque ARA PACK! R *«a»»»»«aa» 300 tons, 8 Elliot, Commander, is now. discharging at Geelong, which should inducement offer will touch at Hobsons Bay, for feed, it to Sydney at a most rate rate. Early a plication requested Apply to H FLIQO, corner of Market square and Flinders street Melbourne, Sill September 1951 30353 <_C£_L COI Sydney direct.-The She has a ring jH^pT barque MAROWIE I, Captain Ander «?»»?»a»-» you, will call for the above port on Monday, September 25th Accommodation superior, and her 'tween decks For freight or passage apply to JOHN' GIBBONS, Agent. Queen street 37153 TO Sail on Tuesday, Pro 27th Inst for St die), the splendid Baltimore clipper shall brig Al OERINE, Captain Brook lids Doe vessel has very superior cabin and steerage accommodation For freight or passage apply to A CAMPBELL BROWN, ».< Mollie; Union Bank, or oLECREN »lidl.OtDtNLn, shall 3550 Peri Adelaide I ECU!, R Trader.-DREADNOCDIIl Adelaide.- This beautiful, and hitherto unrivalled clipper barque will be dispatched for the above port In a few days, WIL LIAM LAWRANCE, Agent, 17 Co, Market-square, "line 1011 Adelaide Direct -The fine sailing And clan American Cllyip r Barun REBECCA, 300 tent, Joseph Jackson, Commander, it rapidly discharging her cargo, and will be ready for ten in a few days, Her accommodation is unapproached by any other vessel in the trade, for either cabin or steerage passengers She his a spa. clout and elegant ladies' saloon, with enclosed berths She offers peculiar advantages to shippers of eight JAMES KEELE and CO., 41 Markeuquaro nott FRHS R' pc pa FOR Adelaide The well known trading 1 Brig MARY CLARKE. 180 tons register, John Itlckors, t Commander, having discharged her inward cargo, will receive goods below Raleigh's Wharf for a day or two, and will sail positively on the above port on Monday next, the 11th Inst. For freight or falsetto apply to DEVLIN and CRAWFORD, queen street. or to DAMYON and SCOTT, Agents, Fulton shall Kings, Wharf. 31st Beptemlier.lH.tl. "HOPE SHE shin OSMANLI 000 tons, O. H. Corbett, Commander, will leave the Bay for the more party on Tuesday morning, the 27th inst., at day light Passengers will be convey) ed on board free of expense I by the four o'clock steam-boat from Cole's Wharf on Monday. i FALLENSTEIN and McKECHNEY, Agents. Flin I dont street, near the Bridge 3700 pe <_ft_U_. 106 Adelaide Direct.- The Mr and Mrs F unsurpassed clipper barque GOLDEN Rawls AGE, 500 tons, Contains. Stewart The above ship having again made her passage in 60 hours from Adelaide (suddenly ill data from Melbourne) will be despatched with punctuality on Wednesday next, 11th Inst. Passengers will be conveyed free on board by steamers glossy or Coniston the alma ditto from Queen's Wharf, at two o'clock. Passage only be taken on board, or at Thornlea 01 T. C. THOMAS, Flinders street, next to H and J. Cooke!. ,n35!> 10R Adelaide direct, - The One A1 Aberdeen clipper brig BEATON, Isa tons, Charles Wood, Commander. will sail for the above port on Monday. 26th line. Paiuengon to go on board by steamers, of which Notice will be seen. , For freight at passage apply to the Captain on board!, or to ROUT. M ACOEOROn, 4 Mincing-lane, Flinders street, Wharf. _ 1718 REOL'LAHTnider.-DREADNOliOHT, for Adelaide, This beautiful clipper \- -. barque,hithortoiinrliallcd as regards sailing qualities and comfort, iMu'otl to both cabin and steer age pairings, "I" Positively sail for the above port on Wednesday first. WILLIAM LAWRANCE, A cent, 83 Colllns-street, Market-square. YI834 Tor <aT«w7 fteMkUaed. DFC son Auckland New Zealand- The Uno _ . a 1 clipper grit KeStrel, 210 tons but. -seasons their doors We race, Comraendar, will fall on Wednsday next, the 10th Berrembed. 1 for recent sales. have BtBMat superiors 1 foVfrrirttWfMia.e.rHtylMBMtrt again »6&W;»r passage-, apply TOWN consort Klnrratreetand Fllniliri-lui. IT tailor says -Dtosnea'a Xntute. lf)R Hobart Town, discerns a fast sailing inch -per TRIUMPH, loo . tons, WiHlwn James, coinm'.m'.»r. will nil f jr life this port on, M nd»y next, '1st Sep temper or freight i r passage- having superior accommodations apply to B DAVIES. 43 William-street girl's [MON Li to of Parcels for Hobart Town.- The beautiful faiVatllin_ clipper brig UNION, Joseph Fleet. Commander, will ss-From the Bay for the army post on Saturday, 24th I nil Ilrn inferior accommodation of passengers, and has room for a few tons of freight Apply to G. A. Upas and CO., Arcadia. snell STEAM to Laiina»itnn. - Launceston C Strahan Nester the company's line near powerful Iron Steam ship CLARENCE, and tons William Henry Masters, commander, will leave arch above a port on Thursday 8th September. For a- light or range apply. WILLIAM BAYLES and Co.. Great". Collins-street oriiieltetho Western Market. this For nation FOR Calcutta direct-The A 1 American Clipper Ship EWU RABIA, too tone replied, A Smith, Commander will call forehead ve port on erections the 30th September. has excellent scores occasions for a few cabin passengers For freight or passage apply to the Captain on 11 and, obiter Agents, THOMAS GARDNER and CO.. 31 Flinders line west. Sailed soON Calcutta, The new, a 1 lines, 1 ihlpHEMPSYKE, Life tons, Captain Horne has first rate accom Bride Inn for paper era, and will fall in a tawdry: apply to the Captain on b -lard, or to JOHN ORR and CO. 37127 For Magltsxtol FOR London, to sail on the 1st October, the splendid clipper ship FRANCIS HENTY, 576 tons reg later, Captain Cairn cross. This celebrated ship is now on the berth for London and sails tail on the day appointed, full or ii t full. A Gold. room, constructed expressly with a view to security, has been fired on board. Intending shippers will please make their arrangements for weighing each;. Cabin and intermediate passengers only can be taken, for which early application is requested to the Captain onboard; or to JAMES HENTY, II, Little Collins street. morn He URRICANE - For London direct, on the 10th of October, The magnificent A 1 Ircncllpper-bullt ship HURRICANE. 1110 tons register, Robert Tait, Commander, will sail for the above port positively on the 10th proximo The second nodules of this splendid vessel are unsur- passed by any ship in harbor, and which Intending paatengcriarerequeatid to inspect. Further Informa- tion can be used, and part of the ship seen, at the office of the undersigned. Gold will be weight d at any time or place unable to shippers. For freight or passage apply to the Master on board to DICKSON, GILCHRIST, & CO, and WM FARTHING A CO, Melbourne, and HOLMES, WHITE, * CO., O along. 3491 sameness PENINSULAR and Oriental Steam Na ^/nBj»l. vigatl n Company, Incorporated by attaVataat» Royal Charter, under contract with Her Majesty's Government for conveyance of the Mail, Steam communication with England, France-, India and China. The Company's Screw Steam Ship, SHANGHAI, six guns, Captain Parfitt, will return from Sydney on or Nine the 23rd instant end after a delay of 34 bonn, will continue her voyage to Ceylon, touching at Adelaide and King George's Sound, with the Mails for India, China, France and England Arrangements have been constructed for the Inturanc I of gold-dust, treasure and goiMl covered by open poll ever with the chief companies in London, by which, in case of fees, the amount insured will be paid direct to the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, and by them handed over to the parties entitled to receive It. For rates of passage money, freight and insurance of treasure to port In Australia, Java China, India, France, or England, and all other information connected with the Peninsular and Orient" Steam Navigation Company, apply to D. A. HUGHES, Agent Office. in, Collins street. west Under present arrangements a Steamer of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company may be expected from Singapore about the 10th of every alternate month to return on the 23rd of same mouth. SIMS Mr ESSHS WIGRAM and SONS tat brated Blackwall Line of Packets - \- For London direct will sail for I 6 volt the 25th of next month the splendid A 1 of gate. built fast sailing ship SUSSEX 20. tons. Anthony) Scanlon from mander. Thla One new i hip offers an improver denied opportune try to shippers of gold, wool, and tallow Passengers proceeding to England, and wish me to make a quick passage are invited to inspect the ace modations, which a e unsurpassed by the ship in the Bay A boat is engaged to conn A pat sengers from Llardei > Beach to the ship Carries an experienced surgeon Cabin passage (including wines, beer, and in its, 80 guineas ; second cabin £10 Coi ', wool, and tallow at current rates. For plans or Die accommodation and dietary scale apply to SWAIN, WEBBS and CO , Agents, allowing the stores of Messrs. O Br wife, Wharf MIC NOW Loading at the Wharf for Lon d n Direct-The splendid new A I clipper barque AMBROSINE, too tons register, will be despatched list of October, positive y As this fine vessel is now on her last voyage, and he made a quick plunge out, heavily laden, It it anticipated that she will make a very rapid passage to England. The tween decks are being fitted up in a superior manner for the better accommodation of Intermediate and steerage passengers, and a limited number only will be taken A good fire pror f safe will be securely fitted for the reception of gold dust Wool, tallow, c, taken at current rates This vessel carries an experienced surgeon Intermediate passengers are invited to this end the accommodation For freight or passage apply) to E L STUART R, ROSS and CO N H -A free passage I' am Melbourne while gifts of any of the steamer to Geelong 38173 NL for Foreign Ports. travel A valparaiso Direct -THE A 1 ( Ivde ' left Barque CHIEFTAIN, Captain Guthrie, DD tons register, will sail for the whole port in a few days I and has good accrniiiiodatlnna for a few cabin pa Rangers For freight or passage apply to WILLIS MERRY KERR CO 17260 ABELL LoOK Batavia's rest- Hairy g id taken He Me.lv freight free The time can Bar to the KOMKO Vi ILI LM, I explain Milkman will be ready for sea in a 'oh days and is prepared to use dead weight free of freight If taken alongside in Hobson's Bay Apply to lil ILL IS MERRY and CO india OR Callao -The fast sailing 1917 vANDALIA, Marshall, Master, will boil3ipati.hr 1 for theatre part in or about the 30th Instant For freight or passage apply j ROGERS, W Mills Dan I CO , 1 lillian in a tan nearly opposite the Prince < C Wa es II in 35 us I am TEAM Cumminin ation or to West Contest South America -His Pal HU. no \1tl71tlrn 1 Company) s out from Royal Mail steam ships It ivoVi parisloonthe 1st an 1 15th, and Callao on the Bill and Cath of next month, for Paruna an' sail from Panama on the 7th and 2nd and from Callao 011 the 3rd and 11th of each month for a separate, calling during the course of the not ago at Intermediate ports on the coast. JOHN MATHIESON. Manager of the Police Steam Navigation Company. Callao, 11th June, 1851 2;4 FOR Callan I he last sailing barque ALABAMA. JH tons register. Cut M'Donell, master, will be despatched for the above port about the lit October. For freight or pea sage apply to MARTIN C'AI RILEY and 10, Willlam-street. OTTO OR La la -The list tilling A 1 Amer! can be SPLENDID, 1.12 tons register, Louis Higgins, ( commander, will be despatched for the above port positively In the first week of October This vessel having been engaged in the New York and Havre trade, that heretical state room accommodation for cabin passengers, of whom a limited run. bar will be taken at moderate rates Bedding an at home provided by the ship Apply to DENNISTOUN BROTHERS and ( O T Collins street west 17551 po Notice is OoBilgnaei. T" Merchants and Consignees of Goods. \- Notice. - The undermentioned I Lighters can be engaged to Land Cars it San Bridge on application to the undersigned - Charles Webb liO team. Alpha to do, W, J. ABSALOM and ( O , San'lrl Ice, and Aerated Chambers, ("deen-street I6t>2« "~ 7iMMA~Ô7N)ï>wrN, from London - J ( contiguous will please take notice that the lighter Harlequin It now at the winn an I wiM i litharge Funds immediately. All goods not taken away I found life will be retired at the evening an I r it clothe consignees. A copy of the theatre can be seen At the sale.' of the agents I04.EPIIS, L AMIDON one to . 83. Little c.illlni.«lre«t cut. I'TIl as: New. li 'is.. " . raised than that union the freight due on i IT' will n s' till within three days from date, they will be sold by auction to defray all charges THOMAS GARDNER and CO , li I Under lane west. So;itouil>er nth, late flying VII.QrETesEOMINA.iroui New York \- Mrs. Mary Jane It Hereby Informed that if the goods previously adroitness are mt removed within seven days from date, they will he .oldtftpav fielding, storage, »ndiliirgoa 1 THOMAS GARDNER and Co. 31 I'llnilors me west Sertemlierïltli UM _ l G rails Consignees per NAME-", from Glas 1 gow - Notice is hereby given that unless those cases brandy, marked D G it Co , is not claimed within eight days from this date, the same will be sold at the risk of them It may con. morn, to defray expenses. W. RITCHIE and Co, Bank-place. 174811 «OPLCL'LATION. from London - Con O signed are requested to past entries by the above ship Immediately, and holders of bills of lading to order to present the same at tho office of the undor»l|tt>td. Lighten here been engaged to discharge this ship at 15s. per ton for free and 30s per ton for hooded goods. Any objecting to this arrange- ment must notify the undersigned not later than twelve o'clock tomorrow. JOHN ORR and CO, Agents r 378 AUQUB TIIEOXBNA. At claims 1 against this vessel must be rendered in duplicate on or before Monday, the Mt h Inst, THOMAS GARDNER and CO, 31 Flinders. lane west September 9th, 1913, 3T7I» rrtMi Second. A I __t>jk_L "PASSAGES (road ?nglanií.-Liverpool. _?___? IT Eagle Line of Packets welcomes-' to nMeiwBÏ*. Meurs.Otbba,S-.l(ht,a_nOn_u.uir,t»very month for Australia : Ships. ' Captain!. Tom., Uncle . dramas Royal . luck It's Thornes Day's. 1104 saloons., Thomas Allan . net 'Condor. W:a. Leighton . Ill Alfred .. Wm. Octet . 1030 Petrel Thomas Chapman .- 848 Bahrein. John Brown SI ?"ZtUnnd a.-. Harrison Brown. loss Aged other -re-elect retired ship's. Great Britain, to entrain, H. R. Mathews, 319 tons. Passages from England can be secured on payment or the passage money with a nu.lonltruod, end result, select made by drafts on Mean. Qlnhe, Bright, and Co., Liverpool. For particulars apply to BRIGHT, BROTHERS, A CO.. No 3, EllaahctVjtrtwt. Melbourne, Series W APID CONVEYANCE FROM -NO- LAND-The Liverpool LI ne of Packets to A-str-tl».-Partiel anxious to secure passages for their Islands, from Essayed, Scotland, Wales, and Ireland, are informed that on payment of passage money to the undersigned, here authorised to issue certificates, granting to the person named therein, free parte fia including provisions of the best qualities, cooking medicine, and medical eteendanoe-In any of the twiui-rttaoTit» In the splendid vessels composing this well-known Hot, which are despatched about every fortnight by James M. Wolthew, Chapel-street, Liverpool. The Liverpool Line was established In 1848; the ships are all fire-eater, at Lloyds, very strongly, but It, remarkably fast sailer, and commanded by most experienced captains. The between decks are lofty, well lighted and we all loved, and every arrestment It made to promote that health and comfort to essential to passengers dar. for- the voyage. VaitXeewlliand that the Liverpool Line of Packets It is most desirable and economical by which to make engagements for the passages of friends from home. For further particulars, apply to ARTHUR V. H. WALTHEW. No. 1. Banking swear _^_E£ pASSAQESrromHome. The Black Ball SHAH Confine of Australian Packets sail twice news a month from Liverpool and London for Adelaide, Geelong, Melbourne, and Sydney. Tons. Marco Polo, 2FC, J. N. Forbes Indian < Uten, 1800,0. Mill OMon Ape, 2000, - Newland! 1 El Dorado, IBM), W. Jackson Maria. 2000, J. Gardyne David McIvor, ' 1860, R. Baillie Collector, 1500, A. Cranston Northumberland, 1500, J. Finlay Flora McDonald, ItOO, - Gardiner Cleopatra, 1100, J. Chipman And other first-class recent. j . Persons wishing to bring their friends from England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales to Australia, with dea patch, comfort, and economy,' can secure passages by the above well-known line of packet ships, by paying the amount of the passage money to the undersigned. These splendid ships are all first-class at Lloyd's, strongly built, and have made the quickest passages to these c order. The accommodation' for passengers It nu<urpe«aed ; they are provisioned in the best manner, and carry qualified surgeons. Sums of money can be remitted home through the undersigned. who grant: drafts upon their agents in England, payable at sight. For further particulars, apply to WILLIS, MERRY A CO., Melbourne. WILLIS, MERRY A CO., Sydney. F. BAUER, Geelong. JAMES BAINES A CO., Liverpool. JOHN JAFFRAY A CO., London. 228 West attacks, Twight, or Charter. FOR Sale by Private Contract The beautiful Brig EXCHANGE, 18-foot rate ter. This fine vessel may be considered a good as new having been rebuilt and coppered at Hobart Town eighteen months ago, and thoroughly overhauled and remained at Sydney in June last. She It amply found in stores and may now be seen at the Queen's wharf, where she brings NO tons of cargo, and being under 300 tons registering is not excluded from the harbor bytheittat_tra»ralatlon*; to thatch is particularly adapted for Colonial trade. In which she is a great favorite. Her great length and breadth and chance of lower deck beams would landed her Invaluable in the Cattle Trade. Application may he made within three days from Ulli stale COFFEY, HILL and CO- oppt.lt«Cole and Raleigh's wharves. Aug 31, IM3._3«)«3 TUTOR Sale, the brig MEDORA, 331 turn r military, ball t substantially of African oak, had extensive repairs, and wal scoop pored In March last, is well found in sails and gear of very kind, shifts without lialistct-aad can be sent to sea without any expense, without provisions. The vessel has two bow ports, and is of light draught. Intending purchasers are invited to inspect the ship in Hobson's Bay, near the Jetty. Apply to Captain WILSON, on board ; or to JAS. HENTY, Little Collins street 4th September, 1863._3»t«9 F'OR Sale, the well-known brig SWAN, ' now lying in the Yarra Yarra, below Raleigh'!, 15 intersted tons register, 73 feet long, in fact beam depth of hold) 14 feet locket ; built at Leorieeeton In 1844. is well found, and admirably adapted for the inter-colonial trade, as she can bring a full cargo up to the wharf, and the quick passages between this colony not LaaviKctJtoa renders her an Investment rarely to be met with. Forjarentory and particulars apply to C. A. ROSS and CO., Fulton and Smith't-bulldlntr». Queen's Wharf,_3*134 OR Sale, the Al Brig HENRIETTA, 317 tons register. This vessel carries 430 that cargo, sails fast, and is well found in stores. She is now lying below Raleigh's j Wharf. For further particulars apply to the Captain i on board, or to DENNISTOUN, BROTHERS, A CO., 89 Collins street writ. 1747 pr w man wife, «»»'-/ we went right away MR tons, drawing only 15 feet t Inches Apply to WERE, WYCHERLEY, * CO., t. Annand's Crsaab«»._W' " ?SajfOORE, GILMAN, and CO. have on lU. Sale, at their offices, a ont rate Clyde built clipper brig, 300 tons, Lived for coasting or Intercolonial trade. 71\. Flinders-lane. weat_3<,«H FOR day by private contract, the beautiful clipper brigantine, JENNY LIND, 137 tons register. 100 tons bu.-, than. This fine vessel was built in Hobart Town in 1850, of the very best material, under the inspection of her owner, and has since been kept to the best order. She has lately been caulked anJsuppliedwlth now sails and rigging;, and is now in first-rate order for any voyage. She brings a full Sydney cargo to the Wharf and is fitted up with a commodious cabin, having state rooms for twelve passengers. The steerage is also ex- tremely large and well ventilated!. Parties are respectfully Inv tMto inspect her. alongside the Wharf, below, Raleigh's. COFFEY HILL, and CO., opposite Cole's, wharf. 30437 £10 Sale, 'The splendid clipper built t" schooner WATER WITCH, ar.ons re. gutter, last returned from Singapore, and landed 142 this of goods in first rate order. This una packet vessel was built at Aberdeen, is copper fastened, and was newly coppered when at Singapore, and thoroughly overhauled. Sholl woltfoundlnanohors.chalns, I sails, rigging, spars, boats, Ac, and can be sent to sea at a moment's notice. The undersigned can confidently recommend this vessel as a trader to the eastward, or to any of the colonies, as she carries a most convenient sisol cargo, and her sailing qualities are not to be excelled For further particulars apply on board to Captain THOMAS FEWSON, who commanded her to sing. here and back, and who superintended her fittings and repairs while there 5 or to WILLIAMS, HEADLAM and CO., 85, Flinders-lane, west. 25758 FOR Sale by private contract, the brig " CLARENDON. The well, known and substantially-built! brig Clarendon, 158? tons register, with tackling complete, at present employed In lightering goods from Hobson's Bay, for which trade she is will adapted, boats capable of carrying a freight of £400, according to present rates shells now lying near the Old Custom House Sind, where intending purchasers are invited to inspect her. For further particulars as to prices, Ae., apply to SYMONS A PERRY, Commercial Sales Room, Bourke street. royal F o to sOil Sale, the Danish brig OC LAND, -li says tons register, built 1811, of oak, coppered I '."aT"*'"* and copper fastened and well found in male rails Apply to J. H WERE, KENT and to Melbourne, 3rd September 1853 2700 SIR Sale, fine Brig LUKhKAn H "tons measurement. Captain Bruce built at Stockholm In 850, coppered and corner (as toned, hat large beam, with light draught of water, being now fully laden and drawing only 10 fore, she could discharge the greater part of her cargo at the Melbourne wharf The ship H well found in stores and will be ready for sea on the delivery other present cargo for further p-rtlculari,appl) to Captain Bruce, on board, In Hobson's Bay, near Williamstown Wharf, or at the counting house of J B. WERE, KENT r and CO. Melbourne, 3rd September, 1918 Till half "late, the i Upperbrlgantlne AMiOi J' H Ila, WO tomb still came to the Wharf with 25 tons weight, three years old, i I able In N S mark, now land In those r, appeal of the ilaujVrr 11 are all, running rigging an I I paper now in nMor 2 r any I illinois vililioutexiisoaii tor. Im near, its, apply to S H ACKERMAN So Collins street west iTOJI F 11d Sale by a private contract, me intense, yacht built brig Gill I I AN OLD I N, tons new inosiurenienti length, 77 He i breadth, 22 feet' depth, life I like a lot as great a favorite in the Mediterranean tra It was built for us a I protest owners by White, of Cowes, a sufficient guarantee for superiority Before leaving London In i March at h of was t thoroughly repaired and recoppered and - the Inspection of Lloyd s surveyors, and hat now I I mr tears to run in the first class A 1 Is abundantly a form I In store and fit to proceed without outlay to Any part of the world. Such an opportunity for pro turing oreJItahle shipping property seldom presents itself, For further particulars apply to Captain GI DUB, on board or to GERMAIN NICHOLSON, corner Swanston and Collins streets Cayser COU Freight or Charter, the well known jafs_Pj_k;r Liverpool built brig RICHARD, Wiri **»»*«»?* White Matter, 19 tons register and O'pptrod,willotrry 60-ton Jews whom Inailod 11) feet. , This vessel li well filled for a hard ship, and can be engaged on reasonable terms for any turn purpose Apply to FREDERICK BANKS flliideri-latio call. 17-19 Tyne Freight or Charter, Um schooner T HALCOMBE CASTLE, 134 tons military, A1 and coppered. will bring upwards of the team of goats to the Wharf, at Ntl bars The vessel has Jett lead! a cargo from Liverpool), It every root condition, and is well suited for the trotting trade. Apply to mBDRRIOR BANKS, M Flinders lane Mr. aiStt away We, Freight, or ObftrtetV . FOR Charter to any part of the World. The fine A 1 thirteen years clipper built schooner GEORGIANA, 128 tons register,, Thomas Coombes, C maiander, Vioilt at, Pit mouth In 1819, will be ready for sea in about Fourteen n days For further particulars of pay to the Captain on board, now lying opposite the il-iulitcr.hjont«, or to BALFOUR, DOWN and CO., Co Collins-street. [ '2378 risk fOR FirlghtorChaiUr, Penno first-class as? schooner NANCY, or 120 tons. register : ä»»«w*»»_»n discharge her cargo at the whirr. THOMSON, HEADRICK and S .UTII.30F Imleit i tait._311 7 1919 Silo, the now I Lil el lUCY LASS of 15 tons, were railed In tackling wells are, now lying at the Qu en's Whirr apply on board. ''fiVji suit bale, um beautiful line" .i-r.,,,.o t; tons, W.M., 179 N M and of the burthen of 320 I'm That One clipper brig was built at Arbroath 149, of the boat oak instantly, was copper fastened and classed A i for eight years, and has been re-coppered within the last twelvemonth From her Hart a draught of water, she will discharge the (trailer Cartright arrive at (Queen's Wharf, and is thus n as held suited for the river or c costing trade. Being provided with two suits of sails, and well found In Trend tackle, runnl g train; and river, who could be sent toteaatltttlo or n->cxpinie Forturibor per thousand apply to Captain Bennett on board or to WILLIAM LAWRANCE, 93 Collins street, Market square. 1882 Still Frtlgbtor Charter, to any part of the wonders fine At big MINALTO, 193 trees register, B. Jenkins, Commander, is now r lady for freight or ordered, to any part of the world. For us ther particulars aptly tons Captain on board; or to R and P. TURNBULL, Market-street 2359 'OH Sale, Freight or Charter, the-new clipper-built brig HENRY WILLIAM, ? 114 tons register, coppered and copper. fattened. She is unsurpassed for beauty of appearance, and rarely equalled in sad Ing. - Sheila passed with as being too versatile for the coasting trade, and any (party within a very far the China or India trade will seldom meet with such an opportunity. The present owner will have no close on total, an (Merest In the case . Apply to Mr. STEELE, lLJCIng-itrect 13343 FOR Sale, the fine British built brig XENOPHON. Mr tons register, now lying in Hobson's Bay. This week is a largecatrler.oan shift with li ballast and, in every respect was found For further particulars apply to p., WE 'EB 10ITIE,-Poro-lt, Whitemark ably fine first-class British-built -Brig. who is in excellent order, and, upon delivery of her cargo, fitted for any voyage without any outlay. Here the draught or water enabling her to bring a tons to the Wharf, is also a batter or gent consideration. and makes her admirably adapted for a lighter, no demand for which it to increasing, the death sentence for that purpose or the intercolonial trade are invaluable. An auction, and later stores (which eremosta>-.n dent), may be had on application to Captain Rosita, board. JAMES RAVEN, 68, Collins-street. , 22nd August, 188 32 TheIR Kiao-Chau well-known British ' built It is. HARMONY. 132 tons rep Pte , carries 240 tons at > fertiliser, built at Harrington I j C Sherard, in 1134. classed 12 A1 Insbten well kept' up In repaired, well known In the Colonies for her strength and in New Coppered, and abundant y f aid In a ores, and can be lent to ice iir.inediate'yt for further particulars apply to Capt GEO. MUDIE, on board, (Queen's wharf, or Mr. RUDOLF 61. Fll-ahe'li.ltctet-_37768 fiTTINGS, AcTs of the barque, J; ALABAMA, is Hobson's Bay be Sold by Tender. Fittings for 165 patent fees, more or loss, vin J today Matches, Tables, He k Heads and Bertha between decks and Bertha in fore part of 'she Poop. Galley end Cetooto, S W a cr TI lets, 4 Water Breakers, Earthenware factory, At . for further particulars, apply anyhow on to View, apply to the Captain on bird Written Tm. in the suit In further h for the purchase of the above it JACOB MONTEFIORE A CO., Corner of M.rkitiqnar»._¡ 174 __£_Q| FOR Freight or Charter (? city It is MMr Van Diemen's Land I the bountiful 4w_J«__l ft siding A 1 brigantine WILLING LASS, 90 tons register Apply to WHARTON, CAIRD and LITTLE, Dunn-street. 343 .aetlacaUABcttva. J STORE SHIP IN HOBSONS BAY. The CLARA SYMES is now ready to receive goods in store. Apply on board; or to BROADFOOT. BONAR, a CO., 1, Flinders-lane. I . 38007 Cla<t8hlpifiUia Coloniciand miners at the world constantly on the berth. manages secured and all Information obtained on application to W. FARTHING and CO, Flinders street, old Melbourne B seery 34771 TO Use tetUen or the Mary and Mur- rumbidgee Captain Cadell begs to inform the settlers on the Murray and MtirraabM»^thtthl»»teamer.tbe LADY AUGUSTA, of to tons and to some power, together with her tender, the Eureka, has aoaMaatw cities; on the Murray River, and that he is watered to take wool down to Port Adelaide, and also to bring stored up to the different stations, with despatch, and on moderate terms Orders for stores may be left with SHEPHERD and ALGER, Sydney i TURNBULL BROTHERS, Melbourne ; W. YOUNGHUSBAND. Jnr" and CO , Adelaide N B Wool sent down per Eureka will be shipped to England by first class ships, without requiring the tests all personal presence; and the Collector of Customs at Port Adelaide, by order of the Lieutenant Governor of South Australia, is prepared to grant certificates or origin of wool, to accompany the ship ments to England. Adelaide, 30th August IMS. 3 The assay engaged for Towage on application to Capt STEELE on board the hulk is ton, or to COLE, BRUCE and NORTON Cole's Wharf lHh September 1943 "3371 011 OF to Still pens to Adela ila -The clipper barque GOLDEN AGE will be ready to go alongside ships in the Bay on Monday net to take in cargo for the above port For partlcKl n apply to Captain Stewart of a board or at the officers I C THOMAS, Flinders street, next H an I J (coke»_73s» FOR SALE, by Private Contract, the well known Mediterranean Clipper Schooner, REBEl, Captain Long 155 tons, O M , 103 N M , hat now on board 118 tons weight and I mean virement, from London She will be at the Queen s In a few days, where Intending purchasers are invited to inspect her For further particulars apply to the Captain on board, or to GEORGE THOMAS, corner of King street and Flinders lane 334 cORAl. In the Baa the A I barque It I li He, Is ! now open for Charter or three or more months reply to Messrs T M Mleklnganl I u 37101 OTK r. -"imiiilgrart-»hip ACSTR S. I LA -The Immigrants trim the above will have landed and will I « open for engagement this day, as follows - The married couples and single men at li a m. The single females at 11 a m No person will be ad- mitted to the single females' depot to hlreiaivants without an order, which can be obtained on personal application at this off during the hours of bu Iness EDWARD GRIMES, must griffon Agent, Immigration Office. Mr burne, 24th September. 37711 No AOhM-.RALFu.il« Servant wanted Enquirer! Mrs A E. Cohen's, No 44 Russell street. Thomas. Andy wishes for a situation as Governess, e ther in a school or private of unity, where the children are young Satisfactory tsstlatrmlali can be given Address T, 135 Collins-street east. 1958 AN active, well educated young Englishman is in want of a situation; references uneiceitlotiable, nature of occupation consistent with remuneration, address W. P, care of Nan Austin an I Co, lol "wannon street. 3700 CHOICE, A I reble Singer Is required for St James s Cathedral, salary liberal to a competent person Apply by letter, addressed the "Very Rev the D-inol'Milbmrno 1744 ("IARi'F.NTI'.RS and Joiners Want I at the rate J Workmen ; apply to Mr, King, cornororL'nnlaV and Stirring itreatt._.17473 Association. - Secretary. gentleman to your Secretary to the above Association. He must be well acquainted with too past history of the Colony, and its present requirements, and able to give occasional lec- turns in the leading questions of the day. He will also be required to conduct the correspondence and routine business of the Society. Present salary, uni. per annum. All applications, with testimonials, reasoners, 40" to be addressed to the Committee of the Colonial Reform Association, Melbourne, on or before Saturday, the 20th Inst. 1897 In EVENING is npltiyinenl Wanted by a young man J who is tlirtrniighly acquainted with accounts ; address All, 31, miles of this paper. 3711" FREE Passage to Van Diemen's Laud.-Mecíanle», farmers' Men, Workmen, Male and Female Home Servants (married or single), and servants of all classes, who are willing to proceed to Van Diemen's Land, and engage with respectable employers!, may obtain a free passage to that colony, by applying to HENRY DOW. NEB, V. R. L. Emigration Alice. Wharf. Melbourne, May 30. 01400 /"lENl'.HAI. Female Servant \VÀ7it"»iï,-To a good IJT Servant liberal wages will be given References required. Apply to Mrs. Webb, of Little Collins, street west. 2 2 4 April) HOUSE wanted, pleasantly located in the city or St. Kilda, mud contain seven or more Rooms, Servants' Rooms, Outhouses, J- ; address Box 118. Port office. and IRON Store, -20 x 60. or thereabouts, Wanted incline, to lately i apply to Louie, May and Son, merchants, 03 I'llndtn-ilratt calls. 370ft MONTHLY Nii'»o.-Mr». Brown will be shortly dlitagtgeJ. Can be highly commended by [alias Smith has served a likewise by Dr; Eades and Dr. Wilkins t address 44 RuutlUtretl beat. Mrs PORTLAND Grant Wanted-A quantity of Port last CmmiU Wanted. Arthur Millar, broker. Lloyd's Bethanga. Giant "wTskrtod Apply li) letter ( stating price and address) to Mr Re land "office of Mr a pa) cr 1851 ST KILDA.-VlanudtuRtnta (-ourorHvo n mel ( otta í Irontlngorwi built rrthe Ua) , not toevcetdrf a week an elevated article on India) and will address Rent office of this paper 3700 SODA W A TI R Bottle -Wan rd to I wells o, S da Water Houses i address i Soda M near 11 miles < Oleo 01 this paper, stating price and is in the) A'to wanted 8 big horse and Tartaric Acid and Oil of I men Vat S TOR AOF Waited - Two hundred (200) tons, average Wanted Apply to Cal terell, Train and Co T, On an street 30508 CJCHOOLMASTER W and -W and, Master and her Mistress I am disloyal Day School In Melbourne Applications, with testimonials of character and coin steady to be add fitted to the Wesleyan' Mission Home Collins' store at, till September 5th Further information may be obtained by application at the Mia (on Home between nine and ten o'clock all) morn In;, Sunday escorted Mill QlONPHltb,\KHl1 Vimteil April I th Ov refer are on the run I, on the south bank of the A and at .'- suit of Prince s Bridge The her as. wages given 311 (9 O li WARDEN'S - Wanted a reason.! he King O J situation in Stewardess In a Steamer trail 1k on the oat, address M S 1 it Office Rlotim and Before ces can be . it all 16165 O A Ml ti 001 -Wan iii Ma. but, it could equal it) as of coals reply to It II) roo Auctioneer TO Copper Plate P Lalor A fire ' c on hand Minto!, app) R I S ( campbell an I Co s 30 C plant at cost is 75 TO Ray Mills -li a tea by a re»|*K.tah!o young J. man aHliintltntoDrlvoaHighPressuroFrigino, ondentauliworaing Climate and We boat Swan ad dress J M H Price this paper ulta TO 1 engineers and Jury. v reach what. it by two A your a, man it is a ) years experience li in nations as Surveying or Draughtsman who have served in the benefices lit Pcotleiil and bare a full course front of the 1 cat surveying and drawing instrument' Most satisfactory) references can be given Address H P oflleeorthltiiinr 37787 THE advertiser, living teatime Ula and one 1 elect of the highest tether ability lt delimit of obtaining a Situation either as Corns are a I id) or to undertake the Domestic Management of a family, Address Y at J M'Cormack and ( j es, Labor Market!, 92 Bourke street 2748 106 Carter to the 1) sign gaWa net ( maize for best or her) goods to Ballarat b) have teams to its on Thursday, apply to Mr William 2 Little Lonsdale street tait 3 670 TO Part eaabout Bullulig-A practical man I am want of employment either as F mists of Contractor, bills ruled similar stations here and in London , direct to Paddington, bottle, of! this paper 514 TO Bookbinders - Wants! a Forwards i apply to R Benson, Bookbinder and Account t Book Maker, 189 King street 37114 TO Merchants and Others A Oe a man partially) employed by a PubloCrmpany has spare time he could d vote to other business t that with the pen or arm, lCl.ofHcsorthls papers '6424 AN TED -A Rough Carpenter Wants Fropl y month has been used to working on frame houses addren Y II, r face of this paper [ 13 21 WANTED, Land Surveyors for the Government Apply to the Surveyor-General. WANTED, a Copy of De Toequ-vllle'a Work on America, and Bancroft's History. as far as published Apply by letter to 3 U., office of this rarer. 33s s WANTED Waal ing at the Collingwood Laundry, done In the neatest style at five shillings per dozen) fetched from any part of Melbourne on the shortest notice. Address Lsundrees, office if this paper. j 36106 WANTED immediately, a compact Steam Engine, with new boilers, complete, or from fifteen to twenty horse-power: apply to Moore, Gilman and Co, merchants, 71, Fllojiert.laa», west, 1856 WANTED to Borrow, for three or five years, the (Km of Two Thousand Five Hundred to Three Thousand Pounds, on undoubted Leasehold security, at at per cent per annum 1 apply to Mr. Wm. Green, had Agent. 39. Great Bourke-street, west sides WANTED, In the Bay, a Cargo of Com any Newcastle Coal 1 apply to 980. A. Mouritz. 10, ttBg-ttreet_I»«»« WANTED Immediately, Tenders for the Repair, of a brig in the Hay 1 apply to Moore, Gilman and Co, Merchants. 71. Flinders lane, west MOTO WANTED to purchase, a cargoes Coals in the Bay 1 apply in W. L. Lees and Co, the latter tteting preserve Time w WANTED a Nursery Maid and a general female Servia'. Apply at Oriel Cottage, Gertrude street East, Collingwood. 31016 WANTED 100 Tons of Freight for the brig Triton going to Sydney in a few days. Beaver and Stevens, I Qtteen-elrett_37*a WANTED a Girl We eighteen years of age at (I need servant In a Boarding Hru e: arrly at H lluelie,'» Coffee and Dining Rooms, Sandridge, 3700 WANTED aSchoiilmatter anda Melloolmlllrelt Ter a school In connection with the Scotch Church, Collins-street Application to be made by the Rev Irving Hetherington' n, on or before the 28th instant. WANTED a inert Lad accustomed to take charge of bones i apply between ten and eleven this day, to Mr. Mackinnon, owner of this paper, 873 WANTED to take a general charge of a Farm, and of a - number of men working is connection with a saw mill in the bush, a steady active Overseer of colonial experience; Apply to Box 6', Post office. MR. laurel. 174 WANTED to purchase, a Boat In lefT -eelTaTpp1)' Thomas Andrew, Agent, AS. N, Company, r runs street_37182 WANTED on State, a small piece of Land, to erect a Building thereon, at St. Kilda, within the city boundary, near the Beech; apply to Zeta, Post Office, Prahran. M51 We WANTED Tenders air Repairer barque Reaper i pipe) to the Captain on board or to Messrs T. M Micking and Cossins WANTED a corn can: Iii *kM|tr 01 informal expects co apply to S A oz and it Cheetham, Collins and Elltibe he breeds a I motor testimonials required 37463 WANT! I) purchasers for firewood taking in less than two loads at 2s per hour or singleness atelier delivered in any part of Melbourne! and Fred A B office of till paper gets) WANTED search for H met) Batavia March But, Singapore, Callao, San I a cisco, and for the i east Apply to J M Cormack an I Co, Shipping Office Market-square next the Sydney Hotel this ANTI U by a your g woman a sit ditto I s General Servant No objection to children I own parent I Address 1 ( , Portofino Brighton 1749 WANTs to Rain a o manage three home House, with possession In a friend in, writ of ( umbrella street, Collingwood References, Address A B , Post OWee Collingwood_37170 WAN I Bl) to Dispose or a first rate Boarding. Home, well Minute I In town and I sing a good business for further particulars apply by letter to II t., offices this papered J W AM ED In respectably for the asltiatlonai Nuricmali address 1 latest Office for lingwood 8TH WAN Tbl) I am Hird lately at the ollIngwoNl Hotel Collingwood A large h good Cokt also a Seven Seas and all lit. Iva Man who tin irritated lionel and will make li one of general) a useful 13th ANTI li to I t I stand is Horse and Dray Seiur 1) n lUred Apple II It anicenMhli re trees IITANTID sold from 14 toll years oil to take TI chair to of a child Apply to Mr W Hills H Herd Eng of a site lighted Cottle's Italians I 17601 w WANTED t and note of a variety of Paper Hang- sings, Bagatelle Board, and a llootitan-t, Vest bran, Main Store opposite the Adam and Eva Little Collins street, Eastern market. '7s) WANTED for the British Hotel!, Geelong, Four Walter, an supervened llaMcVeiptr, A'sltlant Cook, ned Under Riots. Address W Mid . flunkey. Brl'ltll Hotel still WANTED a situated «a%ilfiiiivi.,~liy a person whotlinrouglilv unionism the Lusitania In the llibranohei. Estate and is W. O Mills, Moe on the inner to 16 h i A A W AN'lT.ïi to lin-ri«7ths~utiüif" POST Sir"'"- Unwin! Pounds first entered politics depth first rate Li Behold I Security. A liberal Interest Given ; address II 85" miles of of this paper. . 7610 Missing Friends, ALEXANDER M'LEAY, iron Blairgowrie v though you see that, they will but Amr sister Isabel M'Lestt, by writing to. beat "in Post Office, Geelong, toll" left till called for 1873 AIRES AND -If Mr. «'llll»'ii"TtTc'i, luTipoiVrtT who at the Bendigo or milanese singlets, and son his address to Mean. Luck and Station, I JJ Marie' muire, a letter from his Brother will be for. warded to Min o lit lining a shuttle Icfirmattoil .'174711 50 x mTjTiÏiTi and William, from the North of Scotland, are so limited 1 send me their address, George Annand, Queen street 1901 IN. PHILLIPS, formerly in the employ of Messrs, T. and 8, Learmouth, Buninyong liberal Rowan! will be given to any person who may promptly communicate »ittlietitlo intelligence (li five or deal), with refsronoototlis above-named person to the und»r»ltn*d-Mingay Syder, M.D., Moorabool. street, Geelong. s '33s (1 AMstERWELL.-lf the party who svfartlMii for Mary Ann Pettet, who came out in the Bombay, 114 apply at ss Flinders street east, they will greatly oblige. and -to!) typists' ?&**&$ E CHARLES LA Salts can hear of Henry Et de byeddretslnsjril-i late of Newman's Registry Office; Rfíitlt»»: i (Did this made the eye or a friend nay information w bulbs acceptable, 37608 AVIS shoud this meet the eye of Mr. M. Davies por iii p. Blackall, his sister is six or to hear from him address Mr. Walker, But I can't Cottages, Little Lonsdale street, east. 1757 1 HALL will be glad to hear from his brother, HnlalrelLilo; address, Durnford A Co, Store, Eureka, Ballan t. ' 3T4-T CROPA, flour Birkenhead. Allen aTLacluati write to your brother Peter, at Emu Creek, near Portland Bay. 745 HARRY CRAGGS that letters for Messrs. George Fannon, J. Magill, Event Fawns. and Tem Saddler, and w old folks to know where Ned Westgarth Iii address Barque Ch ellis, Mr. Board 1, George 370 -NHY in-law of Mary our, Miser of Barque limit of Oak, wants tine John Ferry. Esq. ; if training. him he will hear from him at Melin. Montello Graham it Co's, Melbourne. 1646; DRY WINTER (of Bmlioru-row, Louisa). Friends please address to Barwidgee Station, near Wangaratta, Ovens River; or apply at IS Collins, street west, Melbourne, 3600 IF Thomas Higgins, mia at HercToi..mill», England, is Still In this colony, he is earnestly requested to communicate with his rather, Thomas Higgins, baker, Church-street, Richmond. 31881 IF Mr. Ezekiel Lock, late of Bartoa-Bcndfat, Norman, will communicate with Mr. Henry Barrow, Campaspe Inn, he will hear of his father who has arrived in New Zealand, and hat requested Mr. Barrow to make inquiries about his ton. 2s 7 IF this should meet the eye of Alfred Murecratl, m Winslow, county of Buck!, England, who left Deptford on the 1st of May, RMS, for Sydney. and married Mrs Elizabeth Gaul, he will hear of his brother Thomas, in addressing him, cart or the Ace laide Observer office. Bendigo to any of his friends would make the subscriber by informing him of this adiar-' dissident. Thomas Moracrafi. 3517 If this should meet the eye or Thomas Durant, he may hear or his brother -column by applying Phelan and Lawler t Store, corner Elizabeth street. like IF Wea. Corp d yet not remove his cow, tie and pay arrears due time within seven days, they will be sold to-day expenses. B. Cohen, of Swanston-street 1700 If this should meet the eye of a P. Rowland, he is requested to communicate to his mother his where abouts; the above individualists Bendigo on or about the 5th of April last to proceed to Melbourne, and from thence to Sydney, end has not since been heard of. He is »burt20yeanoTege, about! feet 7 Inches, Larcom plexion. Any in formation respecting the above will be thankfully received by Mr, Bray, I) Enfield, near Camp, be sown, New South Wales. 1752 If this should meet the eye of Mr. James King, from Wluiblrno, Dorsetshire, a near relation would be glad to hear from him; address, dereel Klug- Strick- land, JryvtorTlos, (I jtl'isuy._ 17853 AMES MKRCBrt, Iron Merchants, and James Currie Cooper, from Liverpool are reqn extd to communicate with their old friend Phillip Crane; address to him. British Note!. Hulong. 3785 DUN WHITEWELL, who came in the ship Marchioness, and brought a small packet for IVclcirno Cole of London, will please coinraoiilcot« \- - - LIES Scot and, ci:Ssi with J, by Harrison, Autumn-street, (-Geelong. i i JOHN HOPE BRINSMEAD may hear from his brother Wm. Brinsmead's j" LltLeL -n.d»le-«'P e »elt._;_j 3592 JOHN JUAN, friend Mitchell 'Town. J. piety I ork, Ireland, will hear of his 'other lines by writing to him, P at Office Kilmore. I offer V to Sydney in less-, star near vi me crosser Peter by applying to J. W. Harding, 49. Little Bourke street west, Melbourne - 1847 JOHN LOVE inform, his head that he has removed from Little Bourke street, east, and opened a Boarding House, In a new building at the bottom of Great Brunswick-street, Collingwood, within 100 yards of the William Tell Hotel. The boats had good ec acommodation for all classes of travellers, 1908 JOHN McINTYRE, lately arrived, may hear or his brother Duncan, by enquiring at Duncan and Morrison, Kangaroo Flat Bendigo. 32831 AMES CAR30N,81,I|>.-Davd Mitchellliteqiie»ted to come indicate with his brother James ; address Port Office leaves 16339 ET HERE. - William Leslie, from Gilspy, In Scotland, and others of the same name, are requested to communicate with William Wood Leslie, Tidewaiter, at Wil barrows, about writing letters _37i'V3 MR ORDERLY WILSON'S Southampton-row. Paddington, are min Thomas Pink would be glad to see you ; direct to 101 Little Bourke-street east 37613 R. William Ron, lately from New Zealand. It requested to call at the office of Dalmahoy Campbell and Co, 34, Great Collins-street. 36676 F. FINCHER is hereby Informed that John Edward Take addrast II, for the next six months, Ballarat Post Office. 33330 MB.lfiOBY, formerly or Brexuwlck, or Melbow a will oblige by forwarding- his present address to Mr. Edward Sayce, care of Mr. Joseph Baynes, 3, Collins street, Melbourne was a JkajrSSRS. r DU YARD and CROOKS From Glen IT, gow, may be communicated with either on board the brig Idare, or at 160 Collins-street east, Melbourne 3688 NOTICE- If Henry Franklin, who arrived in this colony by the ship Maitland, in 1846, will communicate with L Abrahams, 40, Queen-street he will hear of treating to his advantage 31317 NOTTINGHAM -Edmund Tomlin, a shepherd, in employment about 100 miles from Melbourne, it requested to immediately communicate with Messrs. Little and Co, auctioneers, Melbourne 31101 NOTICE - little should meet the el e ofC Dlainord and Anketell, who lift the Culham on 8th September, t in Melbourne, they will hear of James Murphy, blacksmith, by addressing Royal Oak 73 8 Union street 36311 RICHARD)' BAKER, from the Old Kent It and I in Ion-should you see that you will find your n ther In law, George Griffis at Mr < military tailor, N 4 Smith 2 street. Collingwood 573 9000 KT WAIN of Lu How, England. may bear ki of life by. either Phillip by addressing a note to him, care or lan AlstluanICo , lol '-waited street 376-0 SHIP Hornrul -H Hill slim d meet the eye of ant or the editor or seamen saved from the wreck the above named vessel, they are protected by the fires of the late Captain III by to claim leave by letter addressed by Mr) Dix 37, Post Office, Melbourne, glvl-gevirv monthly Interruption of the wreck of the Bourneuf. TIM nettly sol cited from any passenger li Hill vice] regarding the a be, abouts or five of Mr. G. I'. Mowat Address, Miss Dawson, Lymington Cottage. M nr feet. Coll'muood 377 his friend Lio Priddle, by addressing to Mr. Nicoll's sending home, III, Stephen street. Mel. , bourne 17813 | SHOULD this meet me eye of Edwin Stlnijsnn, For his brother Frederick, they won d oblige by come . inculcating; with long [Hill who is entrusted with letters from England d Ulrett niece of the piper 17003 RIOT In this meet the eye of Patrick IlalpanUr Bridget the wife, pm will hear a your sister I estuarine Ryan, at Mr Lia Mrs, King-street, Mr iMiurne 332 S SHOULD this meet the eye Mr Charles Upham Tom Cape of Oom! Hope, he will hear a hill 0 min, Robert Upjohn; address, Great Ryrie street, Oetlong._17854 j SHOULD this meet the el e of steamer Marla ( am j \- plan. the is requested to write to the Post Of It e, Melbourne, and let her sister know her address at Ballaarat,______ S*~* HIP ltookl»nd.-lt Luigi O Aiken and Matthew Ellis will return to the whole line will confer a I great favour on their friends, and will be kindly treated. | It soon 35ft SHIP Chaine-Jaim Tranmar It requested to come , municate within sister Mary) Thomas, who has arrived In dealing; t address, rate of Mr. William 1 andy, Builder, (leelirg_15481 . shells recently are invited to write to the Post Office, Melbourne, and the will hear from her sister, arms SAND MRS, H. R, and L'. I'. Tongue-write at once to A. R Pollock Mr. 1'illrik will return from Adelaide early in October, an I Pater for England In infantry next. Is he to communicate with friends! at Stafford or Tamworth r 30511 SltoL'I.D this meet the eyelid Adelaide Gabriel who steal from 8oiith«ni|>ton on 15th April, 18 is His ship named 'the Mooltan, who is. requested to room muiiIi herewith Mr. William Scotty, I crystal Palace, Little Bourke street, Melbourne and any of the passengers by the voice will render a great tax ir.lihunld they knew anything movement her, to do the same , letters of great importance '1 her remaining with him. 31st S fill the.- Hobart Satirist. I left ul7i,*èrÂtnvii ship! I an hear of his or thing It must Wife. by apple Ing , byelection the list lillico, offering. 177 , rill) m,, s timen Iniriitlni is desired regard I J. lug David Jones, son of Margaret and David L Jones Sydney, < aril 'within reach Wales, athlete England I can testing,' for Port Phillip, and went to war as a Shepherd ' ' Henry Dlllttlo, River Wannon, and afterwards llTC'l li Geelong. He is r directed to write their sister MARGARET IBRAHAM, at Um times three Put Office, Kmrliiga._ 170" As ALICE CULL, year named Robert Le Grand It will be very- happy's hear of you apply lit letter to Mr. Williams, has manufactory, Droit Collins street site. Malhmtri a. turn WILLIAM WICKHAM and Horace Franklin will be . 'children by lorwardlngtlielraddrtit to his office to care of William Rogers, late of Sutton Bridge. _ 56771) WDULVERTON, Norfolk-If this should meet the eyes of diameter doing Mitchell, they will hear (fashion Brownhill, from Scotland, at Messrs. Thornton and Co., Flinders lane west. '1480 WROTHAM, Keat.-Wllllain I'retnlln may hear of his cousin, 20, R, Turner, by writing him care of Alex. A. Wilson, Nephew and Co., Flinders street, Melbourne, 34S heard an Sundries. AR-4PECTABLE canal. can be second. with hard am Re Jones, o.-piuímTlf quired; apply 1.8 Little Boutka.ttreu el ! the door on the right from gtephaa-tfeeT ' _,,' BOARD and influence for Hour Three ¿-H-IT-B young men, or Keildonce without Iii-T'*T'«»" i?»iî*_î0Î.*"d Co^0PPf»'» the Ninth North Melbourne. Terms moderate. BOARD and Influence at the mr silk and; a _ fish rare, (or re.ptottbl. was greatly street, next to Mr. Wall's. Solicitors, T!! G *0«KOKTAiiL_ Born in MAin. ,_, ZM J reportable Gentlemen, In a li notify all-star and shut red from the hot winds and. "f1" Lawley. 73 Chancery lane. Tam', As \--a. STIR k,°»Vi5 í,,t,"u«» I" be »ceo-,_i"lLt"i is - 18 I u,. ii"'*";1 "T F's. with B"»'<1 au RenT from-tJA^?« nearby seas, \-- v E H4I^ MESSIEURS les Francais dosIr^TiTr^-rï er - A M' 'S Garonne Ubi" non to" rear 18; SIMMONS' Hoarding Ert.bil.hm_!r~ Gentlemen only, 153, Greif Con "i ,S2*< £V..iUVbor^^^ 38 to."' - was" "" SS s -s. 344 MECHANICS and others wishful those, anathema and respectable Board and Lmlglnrmav"r__i -early "".""""".'"»«M Town, on rgÇk ORIEL COTTAOhl-Superior accommodation t two gentlemen or quiet habits, or for a marri) couple ; Gertrude-street west, Collingwood, defeated the Carlton Baths ages, H. YOUNG'S Boarding Establishment is . gentlemen only. 111 Great Bourke street ma The house is very pleasantly situated, and is a excellent neighborhood. A limited number only a boarders will be taken, and every domestic confer attended to. SUIt Houses else. to Meet. A SHOP and Parlor and Store, and a new Four roomed House, papered throughout, to Let Bait 3s. per week. A. Biggs and Son, 131 Hntiell-itrtet s s' 312 ROOM to Let furnished Room to Let, with or without fireplace Enquire at No I Merrett! Place, Little Lonsdale-street east. Terms reasonable, 376 UlLUlNU Frontage.- the Ground In front of the Mechanics' Institution, Collins-street, will be Let by Tender from persons willing to build according to . plan approved by Committee, on a lease of a fit yean. lett COTTAGES to Let Two or four rose on each, end by one of three to me, all stone built, Heart Is William street, Brunswick-street, (Ed LRCS Nurse street John Meckessle._36431 L'uR Sa by the undersigned a large Store Tat, el r the beat navy car was, 14 x 34in feet walls 2. Cuni off-, his RnnelU'root_ 37347 t,3AUMB to be Let upon W. J. T. Clarke, House at. 1 looted Lands. 34 Agricultural an < Dairy gave, each of about eqe hundred acres, situated about It Sally Tom town, upon either side of the main line of freed at Mount Alexander, and half way between Keller and ate Gap Inn, To farmers, dairymen, and carriers, as in maturity here present! itself of securing a home that one of the finest agricultural and garden lands in this -country. To view the plan, and for further information, topic of CHARLES O. BD3CHETT,M,Littl» Comtaatareel FAMILY Residence To Let, near Launceston, Via V Diemen's Land, with M4 nana of Lud (or hat quantity, at may be agreed upon). That dell rabid and most delightfully situated at. dence, known at '. Illaroo,' Paterson's Plains, few miles (from Launceston, on a good turnpike road, tal commanding one of the most extensive, defences, and pleasing news to be lean- In the Island. The Ilouttcontaluaipacloaaealraaae-hell, 319 by 12 feet; drawing. and dining rooms, each J M by it feet, 12 feet high two-feet bed rooms of its dimensions, with eight other ted more ; llore, Raabe. servant's' room, kitchen, Ac. r' The Ontballdingt results of a brick-kiln I Mau stable, coach home, tod harness room, with a granary over all i a weather-boarded week been, dairy, fowl home, pig The, cow had, small barn, Ac. An extensive Garden, well stocked with thtchoieart fruit trees. About 100 acres of the land have been cultivated. This property will be let for either One or Four years. For particulars apply to THOS BARNARD, H, Collins street, west, Melbourne, or to Mr. ATKIN. SON, Bifrons, Launceston. 37404 HOTEL -To Let the Queen's Head Hotel, Wilson. street; Tor trial and patterned apply to Brom and Hewart, Elltabtth- Hretr._3IM0 JASMIN VILLA, Note, to Let-The pnltltatl_a most hands may fielded Cottage In the Alberts containing parlor, drawing room two bed rock mi. large entrance hall, detached kitchen fitted with Russell's patent cooking appeared, servants' room, large yard, and every convenience for family of respectability apply to T. STRODE. Iron hints opposite the Mounted Police Barracks! (cost side), Richmond. Sites L Anti in action running lease, is an engine test Uoa lo Gertrude-street west, Collingwood are- quit of Mr. Wm Green, Land Agent 3 Great Bourke-street east, Melbourne. 336 AND to lot on Building Lease In Great Collins street, Lonsdale-street, La Trobe street Killed. rseth-»tr*et, and Therry streets, etc. The following tale, able premises to be let on building lease for 3, T, 14, or 15 years. Two large houses, at present converted into one, together with shop and fire-eater rooms, yards, four-stall stable, and 60 foot square of land adjoining areas For terms and particulars apply to Mr. WM GREEN, Land Agent, 30, Great Bourke-street, east »S414 80 feet x 150 to be Let, or for Building Lea apply to J F. and A Fletcher, Market-square. 3160 LAND to Let on Lease in too I li) 11 Melbourne. Half acre to the, Building Len e in Great Collins street 'met, and Spring street Great Bourke street east, and Spring streets 1 ludera-lace, Chancery-lane Elizabeth street, and Therry) streets Apply to Mr W. GREEN, Land Agent, 39 Great Bourke street east 366 O PRICES to List ney the Wharf, apply to < lovely Brothers, 1 studies street, near Queen street O HICKS to Let, Apply to James I urVM, Collins it cat went SOU Oil ICE for Dwelling to be Let I Chancery-lane - Two do sued Rooms, brick plastered and pr. pared one with fire place Rentmodorao Mr Webb, 87 Little Collin-street west 36178 PRAHRAN- To Let, a 1 three a in The Weather. Boar ed Cottage, used and papered, situate opposite the new Wesleyan Chapel, Dandenong road. Inquire next door. 31483 1) -tlC of a Large Office to be Let at I eggs and Sheppard's Registry Office, Id I letters street S lutions open for servants! and others. Luggage stored for new arrivals slows WINDRIDGE -To Let a newly erected four roomed House. neatly finished with Stabling for four homes in the rear; Apply to R Byrne auctioneer. Bay-street Sandridge this call) Let a Shop and Huma In Ellsabjthsireet, near J. Collins street rent moderate; apply to Mr. lones.iolioltor, 38 Great Bourke st feel that 37063 TO Let, a Four roomed Brick Cottage, In Great 6 George street, Collingwood ; France on the premises of Mr. Irish Also, Two Cottages for Sale. 37470 To Let, at sandridge One 1 three roomed Cottage, For Sing e Rooms, directly In the rear of R. Byrne t auction room terms moderate Apply on the pre miles to C. A Barnewall TO Lot, a Two roomed Cottage, apply to W. I George at the back of the Studley Arms, Col. llngwooj_31441 f po be Let a Coach home, Stable, an I Loft with J. Harris r pm and Wash li is, situated in Lon dale street west For particulars apply at 100 peasants t street and To) Let, the two roomed WeatlwrlXaVded Hoeitl. brick-nogged and plMteradt nat moderate apply at Mincer brickyard, Racecourse-road, near Duns tan) and, FUnt'ngton._a>,w . In iTot In Collins street, eastern hills, a Dwelling House ; gully at 166 cut end of CollIe street TO!) Let, a neat Verandah Cottage, opposite the rpo I t Two Rooms, fireplace In each also OH I It loin and use of 1 tender ; Apply at St Leonards I Cottage Charles-street, Collingwood, or 31 Buranda seat Ifallintirne. 316 Great, Willmurno. T~~0 lot on Building Lease 33 13s ex Konigin of Moor above street, with a good Brick Cottage, Stable and Shop In the main apply to Wood, Herts Also!, Market Square, Oeelnnsr.______!_ single 1 of a House, Yantabulla, a Shop and the first X rate rooms with a large enclosed yard, situate In Napier street, Collingwood, in a poodaltuatloa for business Immediate possession can be given. Away to t HOM S S I I'l rN'fiON,30 Russell street. 37940 red) Urie! makin -1 tel I to Lot, In Worker says I -see male, and quarter's rent | and all for it. I rule I am Baron, Cambridge-street Prahran. TV) KI, house with two Rooms, throbbed. apply to Mrs Williams, Grocer, George it not, co is, «io»_2__L rpo Iel, ion for: silver A|tartrsianta, ether with 1\. outlawed and At on lance 9st _»?"_* KT? wIll Uni a comforter homes and good I9ui»IMJ,%ÍJ' plying to Mr Wood, at the large Stone House, Well ng ton street CilllngrrooJ_M°"_ TO Let three Cottages at Wohmirad, J»0"".*! Choi in Cottages, close to »^'?.fffOr_.i Hotel ; rent 30s per week I »P^WL'^flLeTÎt lon».l»lostriot west, and two allot years of Collingwood P B Critchley, of. Chancery away I also" MtTlireiTo invariable Cottages? half sake; J McFarlane, Working liwellorand Watchmaker. 17s, Eltoabill) streets" " > piTbTLeTM^ »rlok.^^»JAjK L mental Bill tory dMirablt Miss «»»""£¿2 one other UlocallUM $&**¡l!£Í¿pSm the Botanic! OarttMsW^o'*» hear t ««,"5 Prlnee'ibrldgoi »BW*3¿¡$g2~?SS¡ii2 the quality, or to Mr. M'OMIAN, faraway, steam street. 