. SHIPS' HAILS. Ct.osiNo AT TUR (»KNrtnAL POST OFJ-ICS. London.-Isabolla Myth, this day, nt O p.m. ; Oriental, Tuosdny, nt ö p ra. Iiivorpool -Pannma. tills dny, nt 0 p.m. Hobart Town.-Vulture tl)ls dny, nt 0 p.m. Auckland.-Haven, this day, at ß p.m. CUSTOM IIOUSK.-Entorod Outwards, April 30 : Girarlo. Gourlay, for Melbourne ; lt son. for Auoklnnd; Amelia, Birkenshaw, for Geelong ; Sarah, Grant, for Port Fairy. SALIS OF A MELnounxK TRADER.-By our adver- tising columns of this morning it will bo Boon that ono of tho favourite vessels in this profitable trade, tho Esthor Arthur, brig, will bo sold at tho liooms of Me«»rs. Bowdon nnd Threlkeld, punc- tually at ll o'olook.- Communicated. SCHOONER, FAVOWIITK.-A seaman belonging .to tho Duke cf Wellington, recently wrecked nenr Capo Liptrap, reports having scon n hcad-bonrd, carved with tho numo "Favourite," gilt letters on n bluo banner, in tho possession of somo settlors.about threo milos from tho wrock, who report having picked it up with a portion of a kn ur io dook, ten months ago. Tho Danish ship Callooreports having spokon February 7, tho Walter Morrice, from Hongkong, bound to London ; latitude 3 doffrces 4 minutes N., longitude 21 «legróos W. Fobrunry 12, tiio Queen, from Liverpool, bound to Mclbourno; latitude 1 degrco 6 minutcB N., longitudo 19 de- grees SS minutos W. February 14th, tho Albert Edward, from Calcutta, bound to Capo Finisterro; latitudo 1 degroo 1 minuto S., longitudo 18 degrees 30 minutes W. March ll, tho Norfolk, from London, bound to Capo Town, 03 days out -, lati- tude 37 dogroes 26 minutes S., longitudo 5 do grces 40 minutos E. Mareil 13, tho Fronoh ship Sir Kotiert Peel, from Nantes, bound to Madagas- car, GO days out; latitudo 38 degrees 37 minutes S., longitudo IS degrees 23 minutes E. Mareil 14, tho Lord Metcalf, from Aberdeen, bound to Port Phillip, 01 days out ; latitudo 38 degrees 42 minutes S., longitude ll degrees 44 minutes E. March 28, tho Celestial, from Liverpool, bound to China, 03 «fays out ; latitudo 38 degrees 43 minutos S., longitude 48 degrees 15 minutes E. The Waratah arrived at midnight, leaving Port Phillip Heads at 6 p.m., 28th ultimo, and Twofold Bay at 3 p.m., 30th ultimo. Captain Bell reports the total wreck of the ship Sacramento, with nearly 300 immigrants and a large quantity of specie, on Point Lonsdale. It being dark when the steamer left, the wreck could not be plainly seen, but she was apparently on her beams ends; great portions of the wreck were floating about. After the news of the sad disaster roached town, the steamer Aphrasia was sent to afford relief, following the Waratah down the Bay. The Waratah reports the American steamer West Wind, and the Fettereairn screw steamer, going up the Bay; passed a steamer 70 miles south-west of the Howe; William and Gazelle brigs, were in Twofold Bay, the latter with loss of sails; sighted a brig running to the southward off the Pigeon House, also a full rigged ship, standing to the southward, off Woollongong. She brings up 100 ozs. of gold for J. G. Cohen; 738ozs. 15dwts. 20gra. of gold, I. Levey; 42ozs. 6dwts. 20gra. Daniel McAndrew. From Twofold Bay; 27 bales wool, Hugh Hamilton; 28 bales wool, Smith, Campbell, and Co.; 20 bales wool, Campbell and Co. The steamer, Sydney, arived at St. Vincent on the 26th of February. 