SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (Abridged from the Herald and Empire.) ARRIVALS. APRIL 28.—Isabella, barque, 192 tons, Capt. Moon, from Port Albert 22nd instant. Passen- gers—Messrs. A. and W. Millen, Mrs. Shaw, Messrs. Fisher and Scott, and 5 in the steerage. 28.—Fortuna, barque, 570 tons, Captain McCarthy, from Liverpool 16th January. Pas- sengers—Dr. McCreight, and 312 Government emigrants. 29.—Eliza, schooner, 140 tons, Captain Hardy, from Launceston 22nd instant. Pas- sengers—Messrs. Currie, Barry, and one in the steerage. 29.—James Gibson, schooner, 138 tons, Captain Dains, from Melbourne 25th instant Passengers — Mrs. Wallace, and 25 in the steerage. 29\. — Sir William Folkes, barque, 317 tons, Captain Welch, from Melbourne 21st inst., in ballast. 29.—Pirate, screw steamer, 250 tons, Capt. Padley, from Glasgow 2nd December. Passen- gers—Mrs. Donald and two sons, Mr. John McDougall. 29.—Wild Irish Girl, brig, 126 tons, Capt. Charles Ogilvie, from Port Phillip 24th instant. Passengers — Mr. and Mrs. Munford, Messrs. Tucker and Hughes, and 18 in the steerage. 29.— Harbinger, General Screw Steam Ship- ping Company's steamer, 1500 tons, J. W. Lane, Esq, commander, from Southampton February 11th, via St. Vincent February 25th, the Cape of Good Hope 27th March, and Mel- bourne 26th instant. Passengers—From South- ampton : Mr., Mrs., and Miss Napier, and 2 servants, Mr. Gollan, Mr. Angus, Mr. Kenzie, Mrs. Bott, 2 children and servant, Mr. E. Franck, Mr. S. Franck, Mr. Filmore, Mr. Hib- bert, Mr. R. C. Dangar, Mr. F. H. Dangar, Rev. W. Slatyer, Mrs. Slatyer and 3 children, Miss Rogers, Mr. Simmonds, Mr. Davies, Mr. O. Toole, Mr. Tebbatt, Mr. Kummerer. From Cape of Good Hope. Mr. Hyam. From Mel- bourne : Lieutenant Robertson, Mr. J. H. Spencer, Mr. Waddington, Mr. W. Reid, Mr. G. Reid, Mr. Kuckland. 29.— Chandernagore, barque, 620 tons, Capt. Edwards, from the Downs December 23. Pas- sengers—Dr. and Mrs. Flocton, Mr. and Mrs. Gordon, Mr. and Mrs. Lawson, Miss Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Teibe, Mr. and Mrs. Matthews, Messrs. Smith, Reeves, Monahan, Calvert, Evelyn, 2 Buchanans, Roberts, Blackmore, and 80 in the intermediate. 29.— Childe Harold, ship, 478 tons, Captain Peynn, from the Downs 18th December, and Portland January 17. Passengers—Mr. Mrs., and Miss Dawson and family, Miss L. Fat- torini. 29.—Sporting Lass, brig, 183 tons, Captain Pockley, from Melbourne 23rd instant. Pas- sengers—3 in the steerage. 29.—Triton, Russian barque, 493 tons, Capt. Mylond, from Hamburgh November 26, Cowes January 18. Passengers—Dr. Calov, and 121 in the steerage. MAY 1. — Calloe, Danish ship, 688 tons, Captain Bruhn, from London January 10 ; Isle of Wight January 17. Passengers— Messrs. G. Scales, W. Scales, Simms, M. Vadet. 1.— Waratah, steamer, 256 tons, Captain Bell, from Melbourne 28th, and Twofold Bay 30th April. Passengers— Mrs. Davison, Mr. and Mrs. Hordern, Captain Moore, Messrs. Foster, Cooper, Hordern, Nelson, Brown, Kings- mill, Pennington, Palmer, and 20 in the steerage. DEPARTURES. APRIL 28 — Washington Irving, ship, 882 tons, Captain Jones, for London, with original cargo from Moreton Bay. Passengers— Mr., Mrs., Miss, and Master Hall, Mr. and Mrs. Man- full and infant, Mr. and Mrs. Galland, Messrs. Flint, Strachan, Humphreys, McCormick, Reed, Wood, Campbell, Painter, and Elliot. 28.— Daniel Webster, barque, 298 tons, Cap- tain McFarlane, for Auckland. Passengers— Miss Lynch, Messrs. McLaughlin, McDonald, A. Lynch, Powell, and two in the steerage. 28\. Prince of Wales, brig, 112 tons, Capt. Legge, for Melbourne. Passengers—Messrs. J. M. Roberts, G. Harriett, T. Walker, J. Holland, J G. Kerr, J. and P. Kempster, and fifteen in the steerage. 28.— Emma, barque, 191 tons, Captain Kelly, for Melbourne. Passengers— Messrs. Wilkie, Lester, Reynolds, Dunning. 28.— Ceylon, brig, 179 tons, Captain McCle- mens, for Melbourne. Passengers— Messrs. H. Gillener, M. Fitzgerald, R. Perret, J. Ogilvie, D. Williams, J. McCarthy, J. Hogan, J. Hayes, A. McAllom, A. McCloud, D. McDonald, M. Bu- chanan, R. A. Collins, W. Ogilvie. 30.— Gertrude, brig, 119 tons, Captain Stuart, for Hobart Town. Passengers— Messrs. Jackson, Firth, Watson, and Collier. 30.— Pomona, cutter, 13 tons, Captain Mor- gan, for Melbourne, in ballast. Passenger— H. Jameson. MAY 1.— Regina, barque, 366 tons, Captain Liddle, for London. Passengers— Mrs. Liddle, Mr., Mrs., and Miss Taylor. 1.— Resolute, ship, 639 tons, Captain R. O. Lewis, for Guam, in ballast. 1.— Bussorah Merchant, barque, 530 tons, Captain Blyth, for Guam, in ballast. ARRIVALS OF COASTERS. APRIL 28.— William and James, and Co- quette, from Newcastle, with 172 tons coals. 29.— Swan, Alexander, and John, from New- castle, with 200 tons coals ; City of Melbourne, steamer, from Morpeth, with 100 bales wool, 14 casks tallow, 8 bales tobacco stalks, 12 cases cheese, 13 kegs lard, 7 cases eggs, 10 bundles sheepskins, 16 kegs tobacco, 76 bags grain, 6 kegs butter, 1 horse, and sundries. 30.— Frederick, Sacramento, Black Diamond, and Petrel, from Newcastle, with 300 tons coals ; Tamar, steamer, from Morpeth, with 75 bales wool, 30 bags maize, 4 bales sheepskins, 2 kegs tobacco, 35 pigs, 25 lambs, 4 horses, 5 coops fowls, 4 boxes cheese, 5 calves, and sundries. The Harbinger, screw steamer, is a very fine iron vessel of 1000 tons register ; her cabins are very beautiful, and for general comfort most tastefully arranged ; she is a very fast boat, as her voyage from England fully bears out, and may be looked upon as almost the first vessel which, with any degree of precision, has carried out the promises held forth to us by the different ocean steam companies. Amongst the passen- gers are several old colonists, and the correspon- dent of the Times.— The Harbinger reports the arrival of the John Knox, Appleton, and Wood- stock, from England, Exchange, ship from Ame- rica, and several others, at Port Phillip, on the morning of Tuesday last. She sighted the Cleopatra on Thursday, 150 miles to the south- ward of this port. The Fortuna, from Liverpool, has had a good run of 101 days, and brings out 312 emigrants; the principal part of her cargo consists of 200 tons of coals, but she will not discharge here, but proceed to Valparaiso, after landing her passengers. 14 deaths occurred during the pas- sage, all of whom were children under three years. The Fortuna belongs to the same firm as the celebrated clipper Marco Polo. The fol- lowing is a classification of the emigrants by the Fortuna ; 78 married couples, 7 single young men, 26 single young women, and 123 children ; 14 deaths occurred on the passage all those of infants. The number of births is seven. The Fortuna reports the following ves- sel as having left Liverpool previous to her :— Queen, with emigrants, on the 1st January, for Port Phillip and Sydney. The Bidston, barque, from Hamburg, bound to Sydney, was spoken by the Fortuna on the 7th March, 57 days out, in lat. 31° 17' S., long. 12° W. The Chandernagore has had a protracted pas- sage from England, owing to a month's deten- tention which she encountered in the chops of the British Channel from a succession of strong westerly gales. Her passengers, although divided into two classes, are all dieted according to an uniform scale, the distinction being only the accommodations, those paying thirty guineas occupying the poop, and those £24, the between decks. The Childe Harold has had a very fine pas- sage of 101 days from London. The Pirate, which arrived here on Friday morning, is an iron boat of great length, and 250 tons burthen, built at Glasgow for a screw propeller. She is a very pretty model, of a moderate draft of water, and apparently of durable construction. She came out from Scot- land, barque-rigged, and to her light spars and small canvas may be attributed the length of her voyage. This vessel has been advertised for some time past to be sold by auction shortly after her arrival here. In Bass' Straits she was boarded by H. M. S. Electra, from this port. The passengers per Triton are chiefly Ger- man immigrants. Four births and one death took place during the passage. The Calloc has had a fine passage of 103 days from England, but encountered several strong S.E. gales in 38° S., and in the meridian of the island of Madagascar. She reports freights in London as being exceedingly high—the sum realised by her outward cargo amounting to nearly £4000. ENGLISH SHIPPING.—The ship Tory, under charter to the Cordillera Gold Mining Company, was advertised to sail from London for Port Stephens direct—" the nearest port to the gold diggings on the far-famed Hunter and Peel rivers." The following vessels sailed from Lon- don in December, for Sydney direct :—Blundell, 573 (emigrants) ; Patrican, 1071 ; Eliza Hun- ter, 292 ; Adelaide (steamer) ; Randolph, 208 ; Zeepard, 672. The Admiral Tromp, 532, sailed from Liverpool for this port ; and the Castro and Deva from Oporto, also for Sydney, The following vessels for Sydney left London in January :— San Francisco, 602 ; Royal Ex- change, 234 ; Royal Alice, 534 ; For- res, 293 ; Hebe, 173 ; Pelham, 354 ; Mait- land, 648 ; Pictura, 714 ; Panthea, 511 ;— Nes- tor, 458 ; Duke of Wellington, 560. The Commodore, from the Clyde, the St. Helier, from Oporto, the Dunkbarkeid, the Bulgor- steyn, and the Hendrik, from Liverpool, all sailed for Sydney in January. The Anna Mary, from Sydney, September 17, arrived in the Downs January 17, the Neptune, from Sydney July 30, and Auckland, September 17, arrived in the Downs January 20. The Rebecca and Triton sailed on the 18th January for Sydney. The Sarah Johanna, for Sydney, sailed from Gravesend 13th February. The Dunkbarkeid, for Sydney, has put back, and gone into the Queen's Dock. She must discharge, having touched the ground. Vessels loading at Lon- don on the 13th February.—For Sydney : Countess of Leicester, Lavina, Superb, Kathe- rine Stewart Forbes, Anna Mary, Lavina, St. George, Sophie, Australia, Malvina Vidal, Koh-i-Noor, Olbers, Princess Sophie, Phœni- cian, Perseverance, Clara, Clontarf, Menam, Pauline, Pau de Hamburgo, Meteor, Kinnear, Phœnix. 110 ships were loading at London, Liverpool and the Clyde for Melbourne on the 13th February. Loading at Liverpool—For Sydney : Mary Nixon, Everdina, Elizabeth, Empire, Louisa Munro, Mary Worrall, Johana Maria Christina, Standard, Estafette, Fanny Aldebaran, Defence, Prins Mauritz, Earl of Elgin, Anne, Ahnetta Gilbert. Loading at the Clyde, for Sydney : Cressida, Alice, Repeater. For Adelaide : Lochinvar. The Waratah, steamer, left Melbourne on Thursday at six p.m., at which time the West Wind, steamer, from Cape of Good Hope, and the Fettercairn, steamer, hence, were going up. The Sacramento, ship, was all to pieces, and the gold had not been saved. The Waratah passed a steamer on Friday at eleven p.m., 70 miles W. off Cape Horn. A full-rigged ship was passed off Wollongong yesterday, beating to the north- ward — May 2. H. M. S. Herald, having heard of the saf of her consort the Torch, sailed the 19th April from Launceston, for Sydney. The Monumental City, steamer, arrived in Port Jackson on Saturday week, with a large number of passengers, from San Francisco ; and being the first American steamer from that part of the world which has visited our shores, a slight description of her may prove acceptable to our readers :—She was built in the year 1850, of American oak, and intended for quite a dif- ferent trade to that on which it is more than probable she will for some time to come be em- ployed. Her fittings and accommodations in general are very superb, and in elegance and comfort are quite equivalent to those of any of the ocean steamers which have lately visited us. The chief saloon is 50 feet in length ; there are 22 state rooms, the berths being so arranged as to be suited for the reception of one or two occupants. She has also accommodation for a number of second class passengers. Her crew consists, when fully manned, of about 50 hands. She consumes, when at fall speed, about 12 tons of coals per diem ; but, on her passage from California, her average consumption was about 9 tons. She is fitted with two oscillating engines by Murray and Hazlehurst of Baltimore, with tubular boilers. The dimensions of the Monumental City are as follows :—Length over all, 195 feet. Breadth of beam, 34 feet. Draught of water with fuel on board, 13 feet. Tonnage, 1000 tons. Horse - power, 475. Diameter of screw, 16 feet. Pitch of screw, 60 degrees. Depth of screw 3 feet. Average speed with steam only, 8 knots. Average speed, with steam and sails 10½ knots.—Herald. QUICK WORK.—The schooner Petrel, Captain Bright, left here at six p.m. on Thursday last, got into Newcastle on Friday, discharged 25 tons ballast, loaded 106 tons coals, returned to Sydney, and anchored in this harbour at four a.m. yesterday, making the trip in 58 hours.— May 2. DANGEROUS ROCK.—Captain Mylond, of the Russian barque Triton, reports the discovery of a very dangerous rock, between Kent's Group and Cape Howe. It lies in the general route, and, in his opinion, is only 6 or 8 feet under water. His vessel passed within 6 fathoms on the port side of it, and he could see it most distinctly. It lies in lat. 38° 53' S., and long. 147° 53'E. The rock seemed somewhat of a pointed character, and the surface he saw was not larger than a good sized long boat. THE " WARATAH."—Considerable improve- ment in the speed of this vessel has been effected, by removing the shells, sea-weed, &c.;, which had accumulated on her bottom, for which purpose she was sent over to Launceston. — Argus. VICTORIA, MELBOURNE.—ARRIVALS : April 22\. Queen of the Netherlands, steamer, from Adelaide, 170 passengers ; Frances Patridge, from Baltimore 20th December. 23.—Mary Anne, from Bristol 23rd November, 210 passen- gers. 25.—H.M.S. Electra, from Sydney. — The arrival of fresh steamers in this port is now becoming a matter of every-day occurrence. The Dutch steamer Queen of the Netherlands came in yesterday, from Adelaide, and is to be disposed of here, if a favorable offer is made. The Queen of the Netherlands reports the ar- rival of the Phœnix, in Adelaide, on Sunday last, after a very stormy passage.—Information has been received by a commercial house in town of the total wreck of the Sir Fowell Buxton (from London, with passengers and cargo, bound to this port), on the coast of Pernambuco. For- tunately all hands were saved.—From a letter to a mercantile house in this city, we learn that the barque Duilius, Cuptain Maxton, which left here a few weeks since to take in a cargo of wool, &c.;, in Guichen Bay, parted her anchors, drifted ashore, and soon became a wreck. She had on board at the time about 554 bales of wool, the whole of which was lost, but all hands escaped.—Arrivals : April 27, John Knox, from Liverpool January 24th, with 302 passengers ; Appleton, from London January 22nd, with 230 passengers ; Digby, from Liverpool January 16th, with 315 passengers ; Exchange, from Newcastle ; Van Gellan, from London Jannuary 17th, with 5 passengers ; Queen, from Liver- pool January 10th, with 256 passengers ; Wood- stock, from Portsmouth January 18th, with 230 passengers ; Elizabeth, from Bristol January 27th, with 187 passengers ; Strathfieldsay,from London January 18th, with 221 passengers ; Loch Lomond, from Glasgow January 22nd, with 121 passengers ; James L. Bogert, from London January 27th, and Cape of Good Hope March 24th, with 565 passengers. The Sacra- mento, ship, with 300 Government emigrants, went on shore at Point Lonsdale, 3. 30 a.m. on the 27th. The passengers were all being\ landed by the assistance of the pilots. The Van Gellan picked up her long boat with first and second officers, drifting to sea, belonging to the above vessel. She also reports the sea breaking, over her. She has £70,000 specie on board.— Melbourne Herald, April 28. DUTCH SHIPS.—It appears that the London brokers have been negociating with the owners of Dutch East Indiamen for the charter of a number of these ships for the Australian trade. But not only in London is this the case, the practice of chartering both Dutch and French ships having obtained to a considerable extent in this port.—Liverpool Courier, Feb.15. H.M. steamer Plumper had arrived at Ports- mouth from the Brazils, with 6,370 ounces of Australian gold, transhipped from the Emperor, which vessel put into Monte Video in a leaky state on her homeward voyage from Sydney.— Daily News, December 31. THE STEAMER MAILS TO ENGLAND.-—The Aus- tralian, steamer, arrived on the 11th January, after a very long passage ; great fears were entertained for her safety, and her arrival oc- casioned no little joy. The Formosa's letters were delivered on the 17th instant. By this opportunity we received six weeks' later dates than those by the Australian, viz., 59 days from Adelaide, 63 from Melbourne, 66 from Sydney, being the shortest passage ever made from the colonies to England.—Empire's London Cor- respondent. THE " ANTELOPE."—The post-office authori- ties have advertised that ship letter-bags will be made up for Australia by the steamer Antelope, which will leave Liverpool about the latter end of this month.—Hone News, Feb. 10. THE STEAM COMPANIES.—A negociation has commenced for an amalgamation of the interests of the Australian Mail Steam Navigation Com- pany and the General Screw Steam Shipping Company.—Home News, Feb. 10. ~7¡¡¡T¿ALUA EMIGRATION FROM LIVERPOOL. The emigration to Australia from Liverpool . Iietr and interesting feature in the trade of 'I Merse»', which has tended materially to in se its 'importance. In 1852, no less than cr/Ôs<i pmi"rants sailed from Liverpool to Aus v viz ."* 29,378 for Port Phillip, 4013 for çdev 2264 for Adelaide, and 608 for Hobart T n These consisted principally of English I Scotch, «ith a few Irish.-Empire's London ^SÏA2P»'8 ^'AOES TO AUSTRALIA. - A yacht li d the Corsair is no v in the Southampton n -k t>rep»ri"S t0 S° out to Australia. She is u 180 tons burden. Her crew will consist of taut 8 or 10 men They will get £5 a month Î lukin" her out, and as the yacht does not torn they expect to get £80 or £100 for the home, i» consequence of the scarcity of [""us i» Australia for homeward bound ships. THs Btated, that there are nearly 1000 sail of fgliftiitmen at the various Australian ports îTnieward hound, but wanting hands.-Daily Ft«*' _ RESULT OF SALES.-Mr. Mort sold at auction, álerday, the stock and stations of the late Mr. îrili». 'l',e f°'ww'"Ä was the result:-3iio wd of cattle at 40s. to Messrs. Hay and Har î y. Yah 'free Station and 7662 sheep, Mr. D. riper, bought at 13s. a head ; 6446 sheep to Vr E.'Manning, at 6s. lOd. a head; and 627 heel) at 48-» *° ^r' Shepherd The Tumbur mbsrii» I» Mr-Ilinis for £125, and 300 head of üb tn Mr. Mark Hillas at 24s. a head. Mr. Mort sold also the station of Bumbowlee, and 1630 sheep, to Mr. Macaush, at 7s. 9d. a head. The 29 acres or* lancl> Nor* h Shore, fetched £15 n "ore, Mr. Henry Osborue being the purchaser. L Empire, April 30. CAPTAIS PARFITT.-It will be recollected tlist on the voyage of the steamer Formosa to India, Captaiu * Parfitt, feeling certain that his vessel, osing to detention at intermediate ports, would be too late for the steamer leaving Singa- pore shaped his course for Point de Galle, by Jtbio'h means he secured the due transmission of Ms Australian mails overland. The merchants of Sjdnev, under a sense of the great service {bns rendered to their interests by Captain Par- fitt, dave determined to present that gentleman with a substantial testimonial in public ac lnoirIed«'nient of his praiseworthy and spirited conduct on the occasion. A subscription list is already opened, and several handsome Bums have bein subscribed.-Empire, April 29. SPURIOUS GOLD.-A young man named Hol- land, lately landed in Sydney from the Java, and engaged by Mr. Garside, of Newtown, on Frilay morning last, while digging a post hole, came upon a tin vessel in which was a quantity of a bright yellow substance, in appearance much resembling the gold dust he had seen in the shop windows of the Sydney jewellers ; con- ceiving that he bad fallen upon a quantity of the precious metal, he could not think of delv- ing any more for that day, and forthwith hurried into Sydney. On the road he met with a ship- mate as simple as himself, and to whom he showed his great find, and whom he with no great difficulty persuaded to accompany him to a gold buyer to test the value of his discovery. They proceeded to Mr. Lamb's, where the spuri- ous quality of the stuff was at once proclaimed ; and the Johnny Newcome were given into cus- tody. On Saturday they were brought before the Mayor, and discharged from custody. Herald, May 2. TAS A'KW MINT OF AUSTRALIA.-The first appointments in the establishment of a branch mint in Australia have fallen upon Messrs. Welch and Drury, senior clerks in the census establishment, who are nominated as accountants on probationary duties at the mint. It is under- stood that the assay masters will be selected from tho Bank of England ; and the mechanical arrangements in the formation of a new mint for Australia are in progress.-Illustrated Mun. NEW ATTORNEYS.—The following gentlemen were admitted and sworn as attorneys, solicitors, and proctors of the Supreme Court on Saturday last, namely:— Mr. Joseph O'Meagher, upon the motion of Mr. Purefoy ; Mr. Wood Readett, upon the motion of Mr. Murray ; Mr. James Hart, upon the motion of the Solicitor- General ; Mr. David Lawrence Levy, upon the motion of Mr. Holroyd ; and Mr. James Husband, upon the motion of Mr. Meymott. Of these gentle- men, one (Mr. O'Meagher) was an attorney of the Irish Courts ; all the others, with the ex- ception of Mr. Hart, were English practitioners. Herald, May 2. THE COMET.-April 30, 1853, 7-30, PH. The pisition of the comet seen this evening, ascertained by angles with a sextant between it and the stars Sirius, Rigel, and Bellatrix, is spproximatively, near the star 6 of the constel- lation Eiidanns-its right ascension being abont 3 hours 35 minutes audits declination 10° 10' routh. Being low in the western horizon, about 5° in altitude, the nucleus was not very dis- tinctly seen, but it appeared of rather large size and bright, but not stellar. The tail pmjected from it in a direction opposite to the sun, to warJs the star Canopus.-P. P. K - ilerald. 