FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. TuilKEY. Constantinople, May 20. MR OzESOFr, the Russian resident minister three secretaries, four attaches, and their at- tendants, including the very doorkeeper of the palace, have just quitted Constantinople by the Commercial stenier en route for Odessa. Two war steamers remain at nuchor in the port, for the purpose of conveying Mr. Pisant, the Consul- Gen°ril, and his employés, and Russian merchants, in case of hostilities. This precautionary m asure on tho patt of the am- bassador ia very ominous. The TurkB no longer make a mystery of their négociations with Prince Mentschikoff. and they havo given the greatest publicity to the diplomatic documents connect äd with their difficulties. I have no doubt that you will see them pub'ished in mon of tha German and French newspapers. H re copies of the above documents are to be seen everywhere. The whole of Turkey is quiet, and the RayahB show no disposition fir revolting against their ru'ers ; indeed, adhesions come in daily from all parts, and, Btrange to say, the ecclesiastical authorities are the most promi- nent on the lists. The only thing the Govern- ment wants is a little money. The treasury notes have fallen to 12 and 13 per cent, dis- count j and I believe the Porte is on tha eve of requesting the interference of the ambassadors to induce merchants to give them their legal currency. This the Divan can oasily remedy by establishing a temporary bank, with a capital of £200,000, to discount the above notes at par. The Porte can offet amp'e seîurity for the uliimate redemption of its paper ; but immediate measures must b3 taken or the evil will increase, and the pound sterling will risî ti 150 and 60 p'astres. Notwithstanding the loivneas of its finance?, troops and ctsh are going off for the Danubian frontier. Three regiments of dismounted cavalry and two regiments of infantry are to be embarked to-day. The army in Bulgaria is now upwards of 40,000 strong to begin with. The celebrated Omer Pacha is expected here by the first Salónica boat, and will prco ;ed im- mediately to head quarters at Shumla. The Seraskier has w.-itten to General Guyon (the Irish officer who distinguished himself during the Hungirisn war) to com3 to Constantinople immediately. Hs is at present at Diraas:us under the pseudonym of Khourshid Pacha. A dreadful fire has juit broken out at Galata, and is burning with great fury, . owing to the viólenos of the wind,-Correspondent of London Paper. RESOURCES OK TURKBT.-We extract from the Courrier de ConstjHtinop'e some remarks I regarding the resources of Turkey:-''The armaments continu«» with increased acivity. Abbas Pacha, the Viceroy of Egypt, on hear- ing the reports of war, hastened to place at the disposal of th; Porte 45,000 troops commande 1 by Soliman Pacha (Colonel Sev«.»), a line-of battle ship, two first-class frigate], four cor- vettes, two bri^s, two steam frigates, one of 853 and the other of 450 horse-power, and a steam corvetti of 300 horse-power. This spon- taneous act has been very agreeable to the Ottomans, and clearly shows the spirit of the Mussulmans. On the other hand, Mustapha Pacha, on Albanian recently appointed Governor ef Herzegovina, has offdrei to fur- nish the Porte with a levy of 20,000 Albanians, and to march them on any point which the government of the Sultan might point out. Rsndev-hm Bey also demanded from the Porte to be permitted to organise in the Kur- distan for the Ottoman gov«rnment a consider- able body of troops. Tne following is the strength of the land and sea forces of the Otto- man empire : - ARMY. Regular active army... 135,680 men. (Reserve). 133,08) " ; Irregular troop i . 61,500 " j Auxiliary coatingents.. 110,000 " ; 448,860 men. .1 KATY. 6 Bail of the line of from 74 to 90 guns, and from 600 to 903 mm. 11 frigates of 52 to of guns, 403 to 600 mon. 12 corvettes from l8 to 43 guns, 160 to 260 men. 4 brigs from 12 to l8 guns, 100 to 150 men. 6 atcam-fri^ates from 460 to 800 horse power. 22 cutters, schooners, and other sma'l craft. The Times of Juna 18 th hss the following intelligence!-"We have received by electric telegraph a despatch from Constantinople, dated June 9th. It announces the arrival of the note conveying the ultimatum from St. Petersburg, insisting upon the unconditional acceptance of the convention demanded by Prince Menschikoff, and refused by the Porte. There was every probability that tha Porte would persist in his refusal to yield to the Emperor's demand." In the Turnes of the 18th, the Paris corres- pondent writes : -" A part of the French Ministry, and the greater part, is said to be decidedly in favour of the occupation of the Banubian provinces bring considered a cams belli, and we are told that some difference of opinion may be expected on that point between the two Governments. What will be done by the United Powers when the occupation bi- cornes a /ail accompli, we shall soon see. The language of M. de Kisse'eff still continue« pacific, but the occupation undoubtel. I In seem« to be persuade i that neither England nor Fnnce will do an) thing in that case but look on, and will accept the /ail accompli, and aid in négociations. But in war he does not believe. Austria., too, is said to be persevering in her good offices, as far as good advice goes. It was sail this morning that a courier had arrived yesterday from St. Petersburg, with despatches announcing that tho mediation of Austria had been accepted. On enquiry, how- ever, I am informed that no such despatches have been received, and it ÍB doubted whether the mediati n of Austria. Avho is not con- sidered to be sufficiently independent as regards Russia, would be accepted." AMBRICA. Advices from New York had been received to 28th May by the Baltic. The following ap- pointments of Foreign Ministers have been made by the President :-Great Britain : JamPS Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, in place of Joseph R. Ingersoll ; John Appleton, of Maine, Secre- tary of Legation. Spain : Pierre Soule, of Louisiana, in place nf Daniel M. Barringrn. Russia : Thomas It. Seymour, of Connecticut, in place of Neil S. Brown. Prussia : Peter D. Vroom, of New Jersey, in place of Daniel D. Bornard. Central America : Solon Borland, of I Arkansas, in place of John B. Kerr, and B. M. Edney. The only remaining appointmont to be made Avas that of France, in place of M, Rives. The pay of Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary is 9000 dollars per annum, as salary, and 3000 dol'ars outfit. Secretaries of Legation rec. i ve 2000 dollars per annnm. The new Minister to London, James Bu- chanan, is well known as a statesman and politician. He is a bachelor, sixty-two years of age, having been bom in Franklyn county, Pennsylvania, in Apñl, 1791. He studied law, and entered public life ns a member of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in 18H. He was elected to Congre»?, having been attached to the old Federal party in 1820, and served as a member of the House of Representatives until 1831. In May, 1831, he was appointed by General Jackson Minister to Russia, hav- ing become united with the Jackson Demo- cratic party some years before the eleotion of the General to the Presidency. On his return from Russia, he was United States' Senator in 1834, and continued a member of that body until 1815, when he received from President Polk the appointment of Secretary of State. He has been in private life since March, 1849. Most of the newly appointed ministers have been connected with journalism. The Charge d'Affaires to Naples, Mr. Robert Dale Owen, is a native of Lanark, Scotland, and son of Robert Owen, the Socialist. Mr. Theodore S. Fay, of New York, for many years Secretary of Lega- tion to Prussia, had heen appointed Minister Resident to Switzerland, with an allowance of 6000 dollars per annum. The United States Government was previously unrepresented in that quarter. Mr. Dennis Mullins had re- ceived the nppointment of Consul at Cork ; Mr. J. Lynch, at Dublin ; Mr. H. Dessolf, at Dun- dee; and Mr. Nathaniel Hawthorn, the well known author of " Mosses from an Old Manse," at Liverpool. In the Canadian Council the Bill to increase the representatives in the Legislature wa* passed by a large majority. The Bill to abolish Señorial Tenures was d-feated. A rumour was prevalent that Belle Island was to be ceded to the French Government; and an address to the Queen, remonstrating against it, had been numeroudy tigned. From the city of M. xico we hive advices to the 18th, and from Vera Cruz to the 22nd ult. A revolution broke out at Vera Cruz on the 17th among the National Guard9, in conse- quence of an order from tho Government to incorporate them with the regulars. The revo- lution lasted three day*, during which busi- ness waa entirely suspended. The rf gular troops had pissesiion of the forts, and the National Guards of the streets and city gîtes. Brisk firing was kfp: up during the whole time ; but the affair <vos finally ended on the 22nd, by the entrance of a large body of troops from Jalapa, who took fifty of the National Guards prisoners, and restored quiet. Santa Anna had issued many arbitrary de- cres ; he had suspended Legislative authority of all kinds throughout the republic, and pro- hibited tke possession cf aims, powder, or any kind of munitions by piivate citizens. Hi had also placed the telegraph under the control of Government. The army was being re- organised and increased. A project for a new national bank had baan started, based upon a Government loan of from 8,003,000 dollars to 12,000,000 dollars. JAMAICA. The quarrel between the Governor and the House of Assembly continues. The island was without a revenue, the principal revenue acts having expired in consequence of the refusal of the Houee of Assembly to renew them. The Governor has stated that between the'st of May andjthe 10th of*Ocober next, if matters should reuiiin on their present footing, there would be legitimate demands upon the Island Treasury for piymen's to the amount of £100,000 and mat there would not be money wherewith to pay more than one-fifth of the anounf. The Governor was about to dis ciar.e al the male and f.mile convicts and prisoners whose labour coud not be made to provide for thoir maintenance. The police, by the interruption of tht-ir pay, would a'B> be released from their engagements. Tne Go- vernor adds that-" Tuooe who may be on ihe watch to turn the public loss to their own profit will have the opportunity of stocking their stores at this season of the year with un dutied rum at the rate of 1000 puncheons a week." He recommends that the attention of the House of Assembly should be given, first, to a regulation of the civil an 1 ecclesiastical establishments by reductions which shall either be prospective, or shall bo made upon the bxsis of a fair and moderate compensation for existing interests, secondly, to the provision of a permanent fund for the payment of the reduced establishment ; thirdly, to tne enabling of the Governor for the lima being to employ Ministerial officers, holding seats in the Assembly, to bring forward Go- vernment measures in that Houte. The As- sembly on the 18th were preparing to reply to the Governor. A remonstrance to the Queen, calling for his removal, was in agitation. An alteration in the constitution of the colony seems imperatively demanded. The House of Asaemby had declared Kingston a tree port. TUB FUND3.-The English funds have again been firm to-day, although prices at the close were not so high as at one period of the morn- ing. Consols opened at an advance of an eighth, the quotation being 98* to | ex div., and, upon a report that the mediation of Austria in the Turkish question had been accepted, they immediately improved to 99. The absence of any confirmation of this state- ment, however, subsequently caused a reac- tion, and the final price was 93J. The return from the B ink of England far the Aveek ending the 11th Juno gives the fol- lowing results, when compared with the pre- vious week : - Publie deposits, £3,737.014, decrease, £893,410; other deposits, £14.033.701, in- crease, £1,130,802 ; rest, £3,111,691, increase, £5399. . . . On the other Bide of the account Government securities, £13,124,910 ; in- crease, £¿57; other securities, £14,243,232, decrease, £180,127; notes unemployed, £8.907,985, increase, £511,016. The amount of notes in circulation is £23,033,080, being a decrease of £349,355; and the stock of bullion in b"<th departments is £18,479,615, showing an increase of £225,681, when compared with the preceding return. Times, June 18fA. The emigration to Australia still continues as brisk as ever, and the price of passage is kept aip by the scarcity of »lipping. Tne vessels that havo arrived during the preae.it Í-oar have almost all been discharged and re oaded again in about six weeks, Tne Court of Aldermen have decided on pub'ishing the namoi of those tradesmen and dealers who, on a second conviction, use false weights or measures. Sir W. Molesworth and Lord R. Grosvenor have examined the neighbourhood of High- bury, relative to a park for Finsbury. A number of coins, buried in an earthen- ware vessel, of Roman origin, have been dis- covered at old Panama. The names of Mixi minus, Diocletian, an 1 Constantine are legibly inscribed uyon many of them. Table-moving is now all the mge in Rome, the mystic circle of hands being formed with great success. The Pope himself has Been and verified the fact. Mr. Brewster is likely to obtain at once a seat on the Bench in Ireland ; in which case Mr. Keogh will become Attorney-General for that country. The wholo of the gallery of St. George's Church, Liverpool, is now converted in» free sittings for the poor. Au English company is being formed to work silver and lead mines in Sardinia. The Queen was this day pleased to confer the honour of knighthood upon Richard Bethell, Etq , M.P., her Majesty's Solicitor General. John Stuart. Esq., a Vieo-Chanrel lor ; and Joseph Francis Olliffe, Esq., M.D., Physician to her MB j es ty'B Embassy at Paris. \- Time», June l8. Her Majesty's yacht, Victoria and Albert, will have a camera obscura fitted in the rotunda, to enable her Majesty to take sketches of the various- beautiful lakes in Ireland and Scot- land. It is well known tnat her Majesty und the Prince excel in this beautiful art. The reports of the discoveries of gold among the hills and gulches of the upper Colorodo river in Texas, and its tributaries, ssem to be in a fair way for the most satisfactory con- firmation. The deliveries of lea last week in London were unprecedentedly lirge, amounting to 2,930,627 lbs. About 560,000 lbs. is a fair average : but the duty paid for several weeks past has been small, owing to the anticipated reduction. At Weimar a committee has been formed for the erection of a monument to Schiller, Goethe, and Wieland. On the 31st March, 1852, thcTe were 9173 depositors in the military savings' banks of cavalry and infantry, and 1671 of the Ordnance corps. The amount of the fund is £167,826 6s. OJd. The Jews of Leipsic hive just obtained per- mission to build a synagogue in that city. A subscription was opened, and the wh<>lo amount collected in a week. Among the sub- scribers were persons belonging to different Christian creeds. During the thunderstorm which lately burst over Cologne, the lightning struck the stables of the cuirassiers at Deutz, penetrated inside, knocked down thirty horses, of which six were killed, and then buried itself at the op- posite extremity. Mrs. Beecher Stowe has added her name to the list of patronesses of the Distressed Needle- women's Society. On the 30th May there was a heavy fall of hall at Vienna, with th* thermometer at 78 Fahrenheit, and a violent thunderstorm. The hailstones which fell were " as large as pigeon's eggs," and all the windows in the western part of the town were broken, and 746 panes in the pa«sengeis' hall at the railroad. Toe Queen hes_appointed Dr. James Begbie to to be her physician in Scotland. Mr. J. H. Payne is appointed resident surgeon of tha Millbank Penitentiary, in the ro m of Mr. James G. Rendle, appointed medical officer of the New Prison at Brixton. Photography has boen applied with great success to engraving upon steel. Accounts from Malta state that the English squadron had bern reinforced by two sail of the line. The price of ships at Newcastle and Shields continues to mount rapidly upwards. Vessois of a class which only a few months ago would have been a drug in the market are now eagerly sought after. THB DUDLIW EXHIBITION.-The reducedrate of prices having become more generally known, the building has presented a busier and moie crowded appearance thai previously ; numbers having availed themselves of the opportunity thus afforded them of witnessing the many wonderful objects contained in the industrial temple, at the rate of Is. admittance. The great hull has especially presented a thronged appearance, and the galleries ha\e assumed a more lively aspect than has been presented by them at almost any period since the opening day. The number of visitors was on Tuesday. 7783, ujwfirdf» of 2000 more thin attended on Monday. TUB CAMP ATCHOBHAM.-Woolwich, June 8. -The Quern's pavilion was taken out of store at Woolwich yesterday, and has been set up on Greenhill, a place within the boundaries of the garrison, and in front of the new schoo's at the north- west gate. The pavilion has not been used, it is said, since the visit of Queen Charlotte, but it is now to be put into good condition here previous to its being taken to Chobham Common, and erected there, as it is intended that Her Majesty, Prince Albert, the Comminder-in-Chief, and the Master-General of the Ordnance will be present on several occasions to witness the encampment and evolutions, reviews and sham iljhts, which will take place to instruct the troops in the duties that would be expected <i them in actual warfare, and a large supply of blank cartridge will be issued for that purpose. The Queen's pavilion is 60 feet long by about 16 feet broad, with two entrances covered over, one at the east and one at the west end, each ab mt 20 feet in length, making a total length of a*)Out 100 feet. The roof in front and back is supported on eight arches, the two centre arches being large, and the three arches on each side of the two centre arches being of smaller dimensions. The csnvass can be thrown open from any or the whole of the arches, to afford an uninterrupted view in front and ia the rear ; and the flooring is com- posed of timber frames formed of deal, about six feet long by four feet broad, f jr the conve- nience of being carried on waggons. The marquee for the Master- General was also st-t up at Greenhill, but it has b?en taken do *n and forwarded to the place of mc impotent, on Chobham Common. It will take several days to complete the Queen's pavilion, so as to render it ready to be sent to the camp. The Queen and Royal Family were all well. Grui and Mario had signed an engagement to go to America in the autumn, for five months. For the trip they were to receive £17,000, and all their expanses. Sir John Key was to receive £2500 per annum for his services as Chamberlain- his old salary. Dr. M'Hale had been seized with a danger- ous illness. Prince Albert had consented to lay the foundation-stone of the new Medical Bene- volent College, at Epsom, on the 6th of July. The Stamford Mercury gays that Mr. Holtby, a goose breeder and feeder, of Frith ville, pos »esses a healthy gosling which has three legs and feet, Moun'joy, a well-known pedestrian, had accomplished the task of walking from Lough borough to Derby, and back again, twice a day, for six consecutive days, making sixty eight miles a day. The Right Hon. H. Tufnell, one of the re- presentatives of Devonport, had boen suffering from a rupture of a blood-vessel on the lungs, preventing his attention to parliamentary duties. Oil the estate of the Marquis of Downshire, in the neighbourhood of Dundrum, Down, there was lately discovered a mine, yielding superior copper ore. About 240 cases of new potatoes had been imported into Southampton from Lisbon. A era id banquet would take place shortly, to calibrate the final overthrow of the Tory party in Blackburn. A committee had bo?n formed in Cork to reimburse C lionel Chatterton the cost of pro- secuting the Cork petition. The weather in some parts of North Wales ha i exceeded any se non in severity for tho last fifty years. On the Berwyn range a poor fellow had been founi with a sheep lying across him, both frozen to death. The Galway papers announce the resignation of Mr. O'Hara, recorder of that town, because he had received no salary or remuneration for his services for many years. The Leader had discovered that Mr. Dis- raeli's felicitous description of Lord Aberdeen as an " austere intriguer" is an imported Ga' licism, being applied to Guizot by th« journals of opposition in the days of French Parliamen- tary journalism. The Queen gave, on the evening of the 16th of 2 ane, at Buckingham Palace, a stato ball which was very numerously »n 1 brilliantly at- tended ; the invitations amounting to about 1900, and comprising the Royal family, and Royal visitors, thî whole of tho diplomatic corps and foreigners of distinction staying in England, the Cabinet Ministers, the Chief Judges of the Courts of Common Law and Equity, the Queen's Aide,-do-Camp, the officers and ladies of the Royal Household, and a very large party of the nobilitv and gonty. Their Majesties the King and Q icen of Han- over, accompanied by the youthful Crown Prince and the Princesses of the Royal Family, had arrived off the Royal Dockyard, at Wool- wich, on the 11th June, from Ortend. The (ineon's Chaplain, the lion, tnd Rev. A. P. Percival, rector of Little Bookham, had committed suicido on the 11th Juno, and on the 13th an inquest was held by Mr, Woods, the coroner of Surrey, when it was proved by evidence the deceased clergyman had taken a large quantity of laudanum. The evidence ayas conclusive that the deceased had for tome time past been labouring under strange delu- sions ; and the jury, after n patient investiga- tion, returned a verdict of " temporary in- sanity." | A deputation frr.m the Congregational Union of England and Wales, from the Baptist Union, and from tho Protestant D.ssenting Deputies | of the Three De lominations, had an intervievf with Viscount Palmerston at the Home Office on the 7th June on the subject of the Dis- senters' Marriage Act Amendment Bill. On the foienoonof the (Stn. Jun», shortly after ten o'clock, the neighbourhood of the City-road was visited by the outbreak of one of the most «-x tensive conflu¿ratiot s that had occurred in that locality for many years, which in less than half nn hour fired premises con- taining property valued at nearly half n million sterling. Fortunately, the whole was not de- stroyed, but the damage done, it Avas feared, by th'se well able to form an estimate, would considerably exceed £100,000. The premises in which this terrible disaster commenced be- longed to the Patent Gu'ta l'trcha Company, situate at the end of the Wenlock basin, City road, a thoroughfare filled with w archousce and stores of vast txtent. We quote the following from the Lloyd's Weekly Neiospgpcr, having referfnee to an absconding creditor who was lately captured in Me bourne, and has now as it will be seen been brought to trial : CAPTURE OF AN ABSCONDING CREDITOR IN AUSTRALIA.—On Monday, Steward Stevenson Spriggs was brought up in custody of Falconer, charged under the 12th and 13th Victoria, cap. 106, sec. 251, with not having surrendered, he being adjudged a bankrupt, within forty days from the date of the fiat in bankruptcy. It appeared, from the statement of Mr. Prentice, that the prisoner was a partner in the firm of Ashton and Spriggs, wholesale button and trimming manufacturers, of Aldermanbury, and in the beginning of September last, absconded, taking with him between £2000 and £3000, consisting of all the cash the firm had in hand or at their bankers. As soon as it was discovered he was gone, the firm became bankrupts, and the Commissioner issued a warrant for his apprehension, end it was placed in the hands of Falconer, who forthwith pro- ceeded to Australia, and captured the prisoner, with the bulk of the money still in his posses- sion. He, however, gave the officer consider- able trouble over there, and occasioned great expense to the assignees. Ihe statement of the learned counsel having been borne out by the evidence adduced, Alderman Lawrence said he felt no hesitation in committing the prisoner for trial ; but as the depositions were not prepared, ho would remand the case for a few days, and with regard to the question of bail, he did not feel disposed to accept any security for his appearance while he had him in custody ; and it he was particularly desirous to put in bail, he could do so by going before the judge at chambers. From the same source, we take the subjoined description of Mr. Vanderbilt's steam-yacht. The pub'io were admitted on boa d ihe gigantic steam-yacht, the North Star, belong, ing to Mr. Vandetbilt, an American gentle- man, now lying in Southampton Dot k The ta'oons and furniture appeared magnificent in the extreme. Everything on board the North St ir is American ; and it is very eridt n*. that in many of the um feil and ornamental arts the Americans are our equals in point of tas o and skill. She made one of tho quickest passages across the Atlantic on record, and consumed only fifty tons of ccals a-day, while the con- sumption ordinarily in such steamers is from 70 to 100 tons daily. She has been enabled to traverse the ocean with such spoed at so little expense, by her being driven by what is called a beam-engine, an Amtricin invention.-which has never before been used in a Bteamer to cross the Atlantic. The foi t tne of Mr. Van- detbilt is estimated inAmTci atnino millions of dollars, or very nearly t . o millions sterling. He h as risen from the ranks. The installation of the Earl of Derby m Chancillor of the Univeroity of Oxford took place on the 8th of June. The recepti in of the E >rl of Derby, in spite i f tho too obvious prominence given to political aims and designs in the copious list of piirtisan doctors and graduates which heralded his advent, had been everything that was to bo expected f.om the ardent championship of JIÍH triends, and the generous chivalry of his oppontntG _ The suspension of Mr. Arthur R. Homer sham, in thi English wool trade, was announced on the 15th June. The amount of liabilities had not been stated, but it was supposed to be about £30,000. The quotation of gold at Paris was about at par (according to the last tariff), which, at the | English Mint price of £3 17s. 10¿d- VeT "Ance for standard gold, gives an txshange of 25.17; and the exchange at Paris on Londm a*, sight [ being 26.06, it follows that g >ld is about 0.48 per cent, dearer in Paris thun in London. By advices from Hamburgh, the ptice of gold was 4.27 per mark, which, at the English-" Mint price of £3 17<?. i0*d. per ounce for standard gold, gives t n exchange of 13.G ; and the exchange at Hnmburgh on Condoi at short being 13 6*, it follows, that gold is 0.12 per cent, dearer in Harabu'gh than in London. Houses for exportation are "all the rage." The following is from a Glasgow paper: " We had the pleasure a few days a o, of examining one of those houses built by Messrs. Chaplin and Co, ßtobcross-Btreet, for Mr. Joseph Thomson, of Sydney, who was for many years in the to ise of Messrs. J. and W. Camp- bell and Co., of tim city. It is one of the finest and most complete structures of this class of modern architecture wo havo seen, bñng constructed fo; a dry goods store and dwelling-house. It;» comroied of two lepa rate patts, the one baa i ig a frontage of 65 feet in length, by 25 feet in bresdth, and 2 it »rey» hi¿h. The upper portion boing intended for a dwelling-house contains seven sleeping apart- ments and several sitting-rooms, the ground flat forming part of Ihn store in connection with a back branch, whiih fits in with the lower part of the front b li'ding, thus giving storage room of 85 feet by 25. Amid the brick wslls of Sydney this building wi'l have quite a palatial appearance as regards its exterior, while, internally, its accommodations and fit- tings might well suit a pii.ieo. Wo may justly state that the building was got up five weeks from dato of order given, nnd on the aery day - :tho builder had promised to have it finished it was shipped on bnal the Hugh Walk r then lying at llroomielaw " The trustees of tveFo isle Emigration Fund, established un 1er Mr. Sydney Herbert'* presi- dency had determined on very widely extend- ing the scale of operations. Upwards of 1200 n e Uowomen having been sent to the colonies, and £24,000 thus expende 1, it has bren found that thoBB of tlitir clas3 arj bet cr employed, and the desire among them to emigrate, con- siderably less. At a recent meeting, the Right Hon. Sydney He-rbert occupying the chair, it was determined that the advantages of the fund shojld be extended to anv women desirous to t migrate, without distinction of ag", residence, or occupation, upon a payment of £22 fir each emigrant, being at the neale o' nearly £10 less than the present rate of charge for intermediate passengers. The first party of emigrants upon the new system were to be despatched in one of Messrs. Green's first-class 8hi,<s, at the latter end of July ; Bnd, ora arrival in any of the Australian colonies, they wero promised " all the advantages of the Government Home and tho Immigration Inspector's experience and counsel." On tne 8th June a communication had been received at Lloyd's from the Danish consulate, announcing that the submarine electric tele- graph cable had bein successfully laid down across the Great and Little Belts. This line of telegraph, in connection with the Dutch tele- graph and the submarino cable, extending from. Orfordness to Holland, opens up tho electric communication between London and Copen- hagen. 