CELT AND SAXON. . (To the, Editor of the Times.') Sir, — Until I found you wilfully shutting your eyes, I was bound to' assume, that your contempt of the Celtic race arose from igno rance, and in my former letters, which you have smothered, I treated you with as much courtesy as it you were a great advocate of truth. But now I see you have a persittent prejudice. What is he, 'this god like Angle-Saxon,' whom you insultingly hawk about the world as an object of worship? From a long and careful examina tion of the race I can tell you what the Saxon is— a flaxen-haired bullet headed, pig-eyed, huge-faced, long-backed, pot bellied, bad-legged, stupid, slavish, lumber ing, sulky boor, whose moral state is' a disgrace and regret to England. This is the prevailing character of your Saxon popula- tion, who form a wretched and decreasing minority, and who are physically and morally the same. as when first they came prowling from the forests of the north. During the last three centuries they have been sinking into their normal state. The purest Saxon and Danish blood is in the north-east ; and there, before the union with Scotland, M'Aulay says the women might be seen seated on the ground, chanting a wild melody, and the men half naked, dancing a war dance and brandishing their daggers. The Saxon were always a minority in Britain, and according to the principle of Queletet, must have been decreasing yearly, independently of the fact,, that the Germanic influx was cut off, and an increasing immigration of Welsh, Irish, Scotch, and French set in. Just a year, ago, I proved in a letter to the Manchester Courier the inferiority of the Saxon elements, and I can now refer to Dr. Satham's work,, just out, for a confirmation of my views. In my address to the British Association, I proved by historical reasons and living facts, that your Saxons hold a very inferior position in number and importance. There are some fine men amongst them, and they are capable of improvement ; but they have not the cranial capacity, nor the physical energy of the dominant race. Their inferiority of complexion and figure, their obesity, their, weak legs and scanty beard,- their small brain in proportion to their long spine and large flat face, are marks of inferiority. The best of your people are pure Britains and Gauls, and Highland Scots, who as masters or foremen invariably walk over the heads of your Saxons. The hardworking Irish, who push your clodhoppers out of the labour market in docks, railways, and factories; and who will ferret your Saxons out of the coal mines, as they are doing in the south of Scotland,- or wherever they are placed on an equal footing in regard to education, &c;, The intelligent and progressive English are Celts of 'various hues,' as ancient historians and bards described them, as their geogra phical position would lead us' to infer, and as proved by the appearance of our Celtic clans and families of purest blood. Celtic children vary in colour, not as the Saxons, who are all sandy or hay-coloured. Nearly all the greatest men, whose names adorn English and Scottish history, and the Celtic characteristics — long cranium, high and expressivefeatures, dark or warm com plexion, spare and muscular frame — your Shakespeares, Newtons, Nelsons,- Welling- tons ; your Stephensons, and men of enter prise ; your great statesmen, authors, artists, &c.; Go into any learned or illustrious as sembly in the kingdom, and you will find nine-tenths having the Celtic physique. The most Celtic parts of England and Scotland — as London, Liverpool, Manchester, Glas gow — are the most industrious and persever ing. Sir, your Saxon tradition is false; and you are heaping dung on the graves of your forefathers; you are ballooning with a hoax, and I cannot expect that you will at once let the foul wind out of your vanity, and tumble down to the level of Celts, whom you regard as inherently unprogressive, wretched, dirty, lazy, superstitious, murdering ruffians, a contrast to the 'go-ahead Saxon,' the noblest and best of created beings, ' the fore most race on earth.' Your blinded, almost blood-thirsty hatred of the Irish, your ''No Irish need apply' your gloating over the exterminations, and famine, and death in Ireland and the Highlands, your heartless, selfish speculations on the Celtic exodus from your rod of iron, and now your petty refusal to give an humble advocate fair play — a small space in your columns, to a few simple facts, — prove that your prejudice is not the result of mere ignorance but of wickedness. Your infidel, material theory of race, creates and justifies oppression and assassinations in Ireland. It makes landlord and tenant look upon each other as aliens.. It excites per secution against the poor Irish in England and Scotland. It adds gall to sectarianism. It fulfills your heart's desire of preserving castes, — the policy of barbarian conquerors in all ages. You do well, Sir, to fatten the Saxon lie. It helps to set orangemen and ribbonmen at each other's throats.. It splits the democracy. It flatters your sectarian vanity. According to your Cockney philo sophy the "Hairystocracy" are created super fine — a higher species than the common herd of Highland conventers, Welsh metho dists, and Irish papists, whose inferiority is the cause of their religious blindness and in capacity of appreciating tithe and high rents. The lathy, muscular, black-haired, long headed, calculating, democratic Yankee, is he descended from your ill-made, slavish, stupid Saxon boor, with a mop of flax on his bullet head? Of course, the Pilgrim Fa thers were Saxons, according to you, but somehow their children are Celts. Revelation and science teach me that Saxon and Celt are brothers, that degene racy, is the cause of peculiarities of race in both, and that both are capable of restoration. The Saxon has his good qualities and fulfills a destiny ; I don't hate him for priding him self but I do detest your vile race of mon grels, who would be Saxon or Hottentot, because Irish is Celtic. In your jaundiced eyes, every great and good man is Saxon. You have the coolness to call the ' Dook' an Englishman, although his Celtic pedi gree is staring you in the face, and his por trait is the fac simile of a true Highlander or Tipperaryman. There was nothing Saxon about him, you have not the manly grace to confess, but a day may come, when you will be forced to swallow the Celtic leek, look you, and to sneak down from jour bombastic and false position ; until then, I expect nothing but your old inflated nonsense, and spiteful sneers about hopeless Celts. — I am Sir, yours, &c;, John M'ELHERAN, Surgeon. Belfast, Oct. 1, 1852. 