CITY GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BLIGH STREET. PARENTS are respectfully informed, that this School re-opens on the 4th instant. Course of Instruction. Latin and Greek Classics, Geometry, and Mo- dern Languages, including the usual English curriculum. Terms for Day Pupils-From 2 guineas to 3 guineas per quarter. N.B.-Mr. Brown has vacancies for two boarders only. Terms contingent upon cir- cumstances. 22 1 CROWN STREET, SOUTH HEAD ROAD. PARENTS are respectfully informed, that the pupils of Mr. EDWARD BALY (formerly of Pemb. Coll., Oxon) will re- assemble on Tuesday, January 4. Terms-Two guineas per quarter, to be paid in advance, but no notice required previously to the removal of a pupil. 202 HE MISSES DE METZ beg to intimate that their Establishment will bere-opened after the Vacation, on Monday, the 10th January. Vacancies for two or truce oung ladies as hoarders, on moderate terms. f.B.-A class for inatmction in drnwing, twice a week. 2.Î3, Elizabeth-street, North. _^_226 MR. CANE'S COMMERCIAL SCHOOL, situated between the Baptist and Scotch churches, Bathurst-stroet. Terms:- Per Quarter. First Class.-Reading, Spelling, and £ s. d. Tables . 0 13 0 ^Second Class.-Ditto with Mental and Slate Arithemetic, Gram- mar, and Commercial Writing '10 "Third Class.-Ditto with Hi^^y (Ancient and Modern) and Geography . i 5 0 Mr. Alfred Cane bega to announce that he has formed a French Class at his school under the superintendence of Monsieur Bouquet, professor of the French Language. As the French Lessons will not interfere with the usual routine of English studies, an opportu- nity will be afforded to those not attending his school, of joining the French Class. i Terms :-One Guinea per Quarter. Parents are respectfully informed that the 8chool re-opens on Wednesday, 5th inBtant. _192 DEAF AND DUMB.-A Gentleman, late senior instructor at the Exeter In- stitution for the deaf and dumb, recently arrived in this city, is desirous of receiving as pnpils children similarly afflicted. References are kindly permitted to Mr. William Thomp- son, at the MisBes Thompsons', Macquarie street._ 194 COMMERCIAL STATIONERY AT RE- DUCED PRICES. SUPER FOOLSCAP, Moinier's fine laid, lolbs., 16s. per ream Double elephant tracing paper, Is. per sheet Drawing paper, large size, Is. 6d. ditto Blue laid foolscap, lolbs., 13s. per ream Blue wove foolscap, common, 9 s. per ream Good blue wove post writing paper, 8s. per ream Super hard red wax, 5s. 6d. per lb. ^Super blotting paper, pink, 12s. 6d. per ream Draper's paper, 4s. Cd. per ream Cream laid post, 10s. (id. per ream Ditto note paper, 5s. per ream Super blue wove bank post, 21s. 6d. per ream Stephen's and Arnold's writing fluids, all sizes Perth copying ink. Is. 6d., Arnold's 2s. Gd. Account books of all sizes, warranted best London made 4-Çuiredemy ledgers, "bound rough calf, 21s. 6-quire ditto, ditto, 26s. 8-quiro ditto, ditto, 30a. Letter books, journals, and day books at same prices Envelopes, ruled account current paper, account sales paper, office pencils, bills of exchange, promissory note books, cheque books, &c.; W. R. PLDDLNGTON, Bookseller and Stationer, 485, George-street, 169_Next Bank of New South Wales NEW BOOK8. TUST RECEIVED, ex Marmion, and 9ß on sale by the undersigned : Art and Nature under an Italian Sky Lamartine'» HiBtory of Restoration of Mon- archy in France, 2 vols. Leaves from the Note Book of a Naturalist, by W. J. Broderip, Esq. Thoughts on the Land of the Morning, a Record of Two Visits to Palestine, by Rev. H. B. W. Churton Sixteen Months in Danish Isles, by A. Ha- milton, 2 vols. English Battles in the Peninsula, by Sir Wil- liam Napier Bell on the Hand. Regal Rome, an Introduction to Roman His- tory, by F. W. Newman Pool's Annotations on the Bible, 3 vols, im- perial 8 vo. The Eclipse of Faith, or Visit to a Religious Sceptic Roget's Thesaurus of English Words and Phrases Our Antipodes, by Lieutenant-Colonel Mundy, < 3 vols. 8ir J. Stephen's Essays on Ecclesiastical Bio- graphy, 2 vols, \- ' Lectures on History of France The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World, from Marathon to Waterloo, by E. 8. Creasy Life of King Alfred, by Dr. Reinhold Pauli Gleanings on the Overland Route Light in the Dwelling Bulwark, or Reformation Journal, vol. 1. Kiito's Journal of Sacred Literature, 7 vols. \--Daily Bible, illustrations The United Kingdom, by Miss Corner A Winter's Tour in India, by Honorable Cap- tain F. Egerton The Celt, the Roman, and the Saxon A Hide through the Nubian Desert, by Cant. W. Peel, R.N. * Stray Leaves from an Arctic Journal, by Lieu- tenant Sherard Osborn i Tragedy of Galileo Galilei, by Samuel Brown Maunders Treasury of Knowledge \--;-Natural History \-- Scientific and Literary Treasury \--Biographical Treasury Rome in the 19ih Century, by C. A. Eaton Jameson's Sketches in Canada Werne's African Wanderings Island Home, or the Young Castaways Liebig's Letters on Chemistry , Friends in Council, 2 vols. Pleasant Pages, vol. 4. Willmott's Pleasures of Literature Bartlett'a Footsteps of our Lord and His Apostles All is Well, Letters, &c;, of Lieutenant St. John History of Pontificate of Pius IX, by Nicolini Pathway of the Fawn, a Tale of the New Year Hitchcock's Religion of Geology Memoir of Captain Isaac Watt A Book for the Seaside Ohphant's Journey to Nepaul Feed my Lambs, the Young Mother's First Book Portraitu e of a Christian Young Man Sm and Grace, by C. A. Mackenzie WssBrcmer's Works, 1 vol. (Bohn's) Butler's Analogy and Sermons " The Clans of Scotland, by T. Limbert ¡Mitford"* Notes of a Literary Life, 3 yols. The Death Flag, 3 vols. Hogg's Instructor, 14 vol?. Mft JAMES W. WAUGH, *M 14, Hunter-Btreet. BAZAAR, ROYAL HOTEL. On Monday and Tuesday, 17th and 18th of January next, a Baaaar will, for religious and charitable purposes, be held at the Royal Hotel. All persons wishing to contribute to the Bazaar are kindly requested to forward their contributions either to the house of the Good Shepherd, or to the Convent of the Sisters of Charity. Tuesday, December 28. 8883 THIS DAY IS PUBLISHED, FORD'S AUSTRALIAN SHEET ALMANAC and Post Opficb Guide fou 1863. (Forwarded free to the country on transmission of Postage Stamps to the value of one shilling.) This Almanac contains, besides the usual information relating to the Colonial Govern- ment, Tables of Wages, Interest, &c.;, Astro- nomical Information, Customs Regulatians, Banks and Public Offices, Tide Table, &c; and the Post Office Arrangements for 1853, containing every necessary direction in the Îtosting of letters, and the hour when such etters will reach their destination, and the hour when letters may be posted in reply. W. AND F. FORD, | 654, George-street. ' Sydney. December 30._8969 JUST PUBLISHED, PRICE 2s. 6d. By transmitting 2s. 9d. in postage stamps, it will be forwarded to any part of the colony. MOORE'S ALMANACK AND HAND-BOOK. FOR NEW SOUTH WALES AND VICTORIA, for the Ye;ir 1853, with a correct Mop of New South Wales and Victoria, in which are marked the Gold Fields of both colonies, Routes to the various Diggings, &c.; Also, a spirited En- graving, " The First Sight of the Diggings," designed and engraved by W.G. Mason, a first rate London Artist. The above work contains an immense amount of really .useful information, of a similar character .to that contained in Moore's Hand Book for 1852, which gave such genera satisfaction. J. MOORE, Publisher, 327 and 328, George-street. Also, Price Gd., MOORE'S COMMERCIAL SHEET AL- MANACK. FOR 1853, Which will be found to contain the most useful and correct information for all classes, having been carefully compiled from authentic aourc"». Solo by the Booksellers. 8952 NOTICE OF REMOVAL. MARY TI1TERT0N, of the " White Horse Cellar," begs to express her grateful acknowledgments to her friends and customers, for the extensive patronage which has been bestowed upon her for the many years she has been in business, and re- spectfully begs to ncquaint them that she is about removing her establishment to her former residence, the " Old Talbot Inn," Brickfield-hill, which has been at a very great expense put in thorough and complete re- pair, where she trusts that a continuance of their kind favours will be afforded, and hopes that the selection of the best ales, the best spirits, and the most choice wines, will secure that patronage and support, which she is so anxious to merit, and so desirous to seek. To her numerous country friends, M. T. will just add, that attention, cleanliness, and com- fort will be her invariable ctudy. Booking office for coaches to Parramatta, Windsor, Penrith, Hartley, and Bathurst. Sydney, December 31. 10 N~~ OTICE OF "REMOVAL.-The un- dersigned has removed his office from next to Weekes' to his new Bullion and Fo- reign Exchango Office, adjoining Messrs. Prince, Bray, and Ogg's, and nearly opposite the New Bank of New South Wales. 8215 _JACOB MARKS. NOTICE. EDWIN JAMES HAYMAN, in returning thanks to those who have so liberally patronised him during the last three years as Leather Manufacturer, begs to inform them that, in the ensuing year he opens a Tan- yard at the Glebe, which, being carried on in conjunction with his yard in Phillip-street, will considerably increase his present stock, so as to supply all articles in the trade ; and he trusts his continued exertions will secure him a more extended patronage. 131 JOHN M. HIGGS, General Com mission Agent, 133, Pitt-street, Syd- ney. - a N.B.-Accounts made up and collected at a moderate charge. Respectable references, given. 8806 PIANOFORTE AND SINGING. fyff R. HENRY MARSH begs to in tXA form his Pupils that he will resume his Instructions on Monday, the 10th January. Mr. Henry Marsh begs to notify to his friends residing at the North Shore that he is prepared to give instructions at his residence, Eliwin House, St. Leonards. Terms may be obtained at H. Marsh and Co.'s, Music Warehouse, 490J, George- street. 8809 NOTT IMPORTATION the FIRSTof English Household Furniture from London to the Labour Bazaar, Pitt-street : £ s. d. Elegant substantial dining-room mahogany chairs, covered in morocco, horsehair stuffed ..260 each Bedroom chairs, cane bottoms 0 11 0 " Elegant rosewood carved back drawing-room chairs. 3 7 6,, Chests of drawers, mahogany.. 5 5 0,, Ditto superior . 6 6 0 " Large size ditto (a superior ar- ticle) . 8 8 0 " Easy chahs, spring seats, co- vered with morocco. 5 5 0 " Iron rocking chairs, enamelled, with morocco cushions. 5 12 6 " Mahogany state bedsteads, Eanelled footboards, very andsome .:. 10 10 0 " Large wing wardrobe, with chest of drawers, mahogany, Gillow's make . 20 0 0 " Marble slab washstands for double sets. 8 8 0 " English made horsehair sofas, mahogany carved frames.... 10 10 0 " Brussels carpet hassooks. 0 3 6 " Toilette glasses All of English manufacture, and must be cleared off this month. Also, A set of four handsome Sheffield plated side dishes, cost £30, to be sold for £14, W. G. MOORE, 240 Labour Bazaar, Pitt-street. J DUCKER begs to return his grate . ful acknowledgments to the inhabi- tants of Sydney, his numerous friends, and the Eublic generally, for the liberal support they ave afforded him since he succeeded Mr. Uther in the Hat business ; and having admitted Mr. James Turner into partnership, begs to inform them that they intend opening in a few days, under the style or firm of Ducker and Turner, with an extensive and entirely new Stock of Drapery, Haberdashery, Hosiery, Slops, and every other article be- longing to the trade. The Hat Department will bo carried on in its every branch as usual, and Gentlemen may rest fully assured that they can obtain their Hats, both in quality and price fully equal, or better than heretofore. N.B.~Full particulars will appear in a future advertisement. 224 Hat Warehouse, 274, Piit-street. ON SALE AT THE STORES OF THE UNDERSIGNED. BALES and cases of slops, trousers, blue serge shirts, calicoes, prints, mole- skin and cord, &c.;, &c.; Kegs of Negrohead tobacco Hurdle and shoe nails Hoon iron (l¿ inch to 2 inches) &c;, &c.; Woolpacks Sheepshears Rock salt H. .RICHARDS, 176 , 689, George-street. HOLLOWAYS OINTMSÄT AND PLLLS,. npEN cases of the above invaluable A Medicines have this-day been landed hy- the undersigned, from the Stadt Utrecht, and country agents and storekeepers may now be supplied. The undersigned begs to impress again upon hu» country customers tate "necessity of an EARLY APPLICATION, if they would not be disappointed ; as the excessive demand renders it impossible for the- Wholesale Agent to accumulate a large stock for some months to corns'. Orders whicb are accompanied with the cash are the only ones which will be at- tended to. 6492' J. K. HEYDOiN, Sole Wholesale Agent, 78, King-street, Sydney. December 8. öl92> PAPIER MACHE LADIES' WORK ~ TABLE. A MAGNIFICENTLY Ornamented Lady's Papier Mâché Work" Table, beaatiftlly finished, velvet lined, and fitted up with well-drawer» 8cc, complete. Such an opportunity rarely offers of possessing a really choice and useful work of art. GEORGE DOUGLAS AND CO., 166 Lowei George-etree». ËSSRS. JOSEPH and SAMUEL THOMPSON, carrying on ousincss as Joseph Thompson and Son, having entered into partnership with Mr. William Thompson, (who has just arrived from England) as importers of, and wholesale dealers in, Manchester, Scotch, and fancy goods, inform the merchants, drapers, &c;, of Sydney, and of the colony, that they have made arrangements with the leading manu- facturers and wholesale firms at home, for continued and regular shipments of goods suited to the wants of this market. The busi- ness will in future be carried on under the name and title of J. W. AND S. THOMPSON, 266, Pitt-street, Sydney. January 1. 47 IMPORTANT NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. Selling off without reserve, at the Emporium, 255, Pitt-street. RM. PITE respectfully announces to . his friends and the public generally, that his premises being disposed of, it is his intention to sell off his immense stock _ of Drapery, Clothing, Slops, Hosiery, Lace, Rib- bons, Haberdashery, &c;, &c;, with as little delay as possible, in order to give up the pre- mises in a few weeks. Ladies and Gentlemen, therefore, are solicited to avail themselves of this opportunity by making such purchases as they may require from the different departments, the prices of which articles will be found upon inspection sur- passing the common conception of reductions heretofore made by mere adventurers upon public credulity, this being a really bona fide sale of stock at an extraordinary reduction. R. M. PITE, 256, Pitt-street. N.B.-Wanted, two efficient Assistants. 88 LIGHT VENTILATED PRIZE EXHIBI TION HATS-Class 20. Ex Anglesea. BMOUNTCAS IXE, in wishing his . friends a Happy New Year, has much pleasure in informing them that he has just landed a few cases of the above French and merino Hats (black and drab), superior in quality and style ti anything ever imported. He would call particular attention to the fol- lowing shapes, such as the Cambridge, Beau- fort, Wilton, President, and also an assortment of most beautiful shaped boys' Hats, Btyle quite new, together with only one case of superior Drab Stuff Planters Hats, a rare article for this climate. Australian Hat Warehouse, 487, George street; Manufactory, 77, Market-street. 132 TO WnOLE3ALE BUYERS, SETTLERS, HEADS OF FAMILIES, &o.;, &o.; Ex Anglesea and Sarah Metcalf. MESSRS. D. JONES AND COM- PANY invite the attention of all classes of buyers to the New Goods received ex Anglesea and Sarah Metcalf, a few of which are particularized as being especially worthy of notice. Summer quilts, all sizes Ditto exhibition ditto ditto White counterpanes, ditto Ditto ditto imperial ditto Coloured counterpanes Diaper rugs Woollen ditto . *' v Toilet covers, 6-4 to 8-4 Toilet cloth, in the piece Corded petticoats Quilted ditto Hemmed and tucked ditto Flounced and sewed ditto White crenoline, plain and checked Slate and black ditto, ditto French corded linings Victoria ditto ditto White rolled jacconets Black, slate, and coloured ditto Rolled shirtings, whito and colours Lappett, books, and mulls Harness bordered ditto Net and muslin curtains, in sets Exhibition lace curtains, in white, pink, sky, and green 12-4 White mosquito nets 12-4 Green, blue, and pink ditto 10-4 and 12-4 Figured mosquito nets Green lenos, plain and checked Blue and pink ditto ditto White ditto ditto Sewed, japanned, and tamboured, book and mull muslins Irish and Scotch lawn handkerchiefs Turkey red cloths, plain and twilled Turkey red and fancy cotton pockets Printed furniture and linings Printed Venetian, Gothic, and other blinds White and brown window blinds Ditto ditto linen ditto Rich damasks for curtains Carriage and gig cloths, quite new Carriage laces and trimmings, various Orris laces, gimps 4-4 and 5-4 furniture dimities Ditto ditto fancy colours, 8-4 to 12-4 bleached cotton sheetings I 9-8 and 36 inch family long cloths 33 to 36 ditto stout brown calicoes Drabs and millers' moleskins White and cotton cords, 8 shaft and thick sett Superfine black broadcloths Ditto ditto Venetians Ditto ditto doeskins and cassimeres Fancy doeskins and tweeds Stormant and checked drills Papier mâché desks Work boxes", albums Folios, card cases Foitemonnaies, bellows Fancy hearth brooms Cabinet trays, card baskets, &c;, &c.; Hand shower baths Perfumery and brushes, a choioe and elegant assortment Millinery, baby linen, and outfit of all kinds George-street. Ho JObEPH~~rHOMPSON AND SON beg to inform the publie that the retail branch of their establishment will be closed on an early day, due notice of which will be given. 266, Pitt-street, December 30. 9107 ELVET PILE CARPETING Tapsstry carpeting Brussels carpeting Imperial carpeting Kidderminster carpeting And, Hearth rugs to match Floorcloth And, Floor matting, On sale st A. LENEHAN'S, 6896 _ 287, Castlcreagh-street. ON SALE, small invoices of Boots and Shoe.«, deliverable in Sydney or in Melbourne. Port, sherry, ale and porter, in 3 and 4 dozen casks and cases, surplus stores oz Great Bri- tain, of very superior quality. CRAWLEY AND SMITH. I 56 Campbell's Wharf. * IF you want to>bave one of the-liei»test, coolest, and most comfortable- Hats for , Bummer wear, you< must have one of) Mount castle's Ventilated' Black or Drab French Merino Hats. They are of every description of shape, and only t» be had at the Australian Hat Warehouse, 487. George-street, nearly opposite the Bank of New South Wales; or at the Manufactory, 77, KÜRrket-street. ©K Hand, .An extensive stock of Hats and Caps-o£ every description, for tap-country storekeepers. Hats and Caps made to order on the-shortest I. notice. 5305 ¡ GAS LIGHT. FR. RPB3NSON, Licensed Gas . fitter, &C.;,t has much pleasure in r.n '; nouncing to the '>ablic that he is prepared to undertake ordew'to fit premises to any extent, and to those who would wish a reference, he would proudly bring under their notice those brilliantly illumiaated and tastefully fitted pre- mises in George-street, opposite tho new Bank, the London Mart, whose spirited proprietors, schooled in th* great metropolis,, appreciate the strength and durability of colonial manu- facture, when combined with a London style of elegance ; and F. R. R. assures those pro- prietors entrusting their orders to his ma- nagement, that no pains will be spared to give effect in those departments where-style is con- fessedly important to, and utility the basis of, the design. Manufactory, 362, George-Btreet, opposite Market._881 NOTICE. LONDON HOUSE, No. 249, Pitt-street. THE public are hereby informed that the undersigned has been duly appointed by the Supreme Court sole manager of the business some time carried on at the above promises in the name of J.-M. Smyth, to con- duct and carry on the same, in the name of Thomas Brandon, of Oxford-street, London ; and the undersigned begB te intimate that the buEineBB will be carried on as heretofore, and hopes that proper attention, combined with the attractions of a new and superior stock of new and elegant goods, which he is able to offer, will secure for the concern a flattering share of public patronage. 9078 J. C. BRANDON. ON SALE at the Stores of the under- signed Pampanga and Zebu sugar Brandy, in hogsheads Ale, in 3 and 4 dozen cases Porter, in ditto Whiskey, in 1 dozen cases Port, in pipes Ditto in 1 dozen and 3dozen cases Sherry, in hogsheads and quarter-casks Ditto in 1 and 3 dozen cases Champagne, in ditto, very superior Vinegar, in hogsheads Woolpacks, lOlbs. and 9Jibs. 3- Bushel bags Cordage, in sizes Oakum and seaming twine Chain cables, from % inch to 1§- inch Anchors, from 2 cwt. to 12 cwt. Blocks Chilian Miners' crowbars. Paints and varnishes Nails, assorted Invoice of stationery. Vivian's sheathing metal Boydcll's tobacco. Invoice of earthenware Boots and shoes Belmont sperm candles Sundry surplus stores, ex? Great Britain CRAWLEY AND SMITH, 10934 Campbell's Wharf. TARTARIC ACID.-Just received, a small parcel of the above ; also, Essence of Lemon, in original packages. L. AND S. SPYER, Spring-street. Sydney, January 1. 228 OIS SALE, at the Storeo of the under- signed Fishers* Colonial Rum, 28 O.P., 1 to 2 " Spirits of Wine, 68 O.P. " Colonial Brandy, in 2 dozen oases " Ginger Wine, in 1, 2, and 3 dosen cases " Cherry Brandy, in ditto " Rum Shrub, in ditto " Noyeau, in ditto | " Stomachic Bitters, in. ditto*», A A, " Lemon Syrup, in ditto ]%f" "? " Peppermint, in ditto " Cloves, in ditto Martell's very best Brandy, in and out of Bond Case Gin, the best brands, in and out of Bond Lowndes' Old Tom, out of Bond, in 1 dozen cases Superior Malt Whiskey, in 1 dozen cases Pale Cognac Brandy, in 1 dozen cases Superior Port Wine, in pipes, hogsheads, quarter-casks, and 1, 2, and 3 dozen cases Ditto Sherry Wine, in butts, hogsheads, quarter-casks, and 1, 2, and 3 dozen cases Champagne, in 1 and 3 dozen cases-superior quality Cape Wine, in hogsheads and quarter-casks Byass' and Marzetti's ales and porters, in 4 dozen casks r &c.; &c.; Sec. Address - FISHER AND SON, Distillers, 27_337, George-street. FOR SALE by the undersigned, ex Tecent arrivals Hunt's Port Wine, <J> to <$><3><£><3> Ditto bottled ditto Congou Tea, ex Arabia, chests and half chests Kent Hops, growth 1851 Colman's Starch and Blue Currants and Raisins Cloves Rum, 33 O.P., West India Canvas, Nos. 1 to 6, assorted Linseed Oil, boiled and raw, in iron drums' Turpentine White Lead Window Glass Sheet Lead, 4, 5, C, and 7 lbs. Bar and Hoop Iron, assorted Sheathing Metal, 16 to 26 oz. Woolpacks Corkwood. 6109 LAMB, PARBURY, AND CO. iji S X L Ë, Three-bushel Bags. GEO. REES, ' 8862_Spring-street. ROMAN CEMENT.-On Sale, 50 barrels Roman and Portland Cement. 9136 GEO. REES. IGGERS' STORES~,of all descrip* tions, corner of Great Bourke and ssel streets, Melbourne, to S. Elliott. ON SALE, at the Stores of the. under- signed, 291, Pitt-street (within two doors of the Theatre) Rum Brandy , Gin, in cases Port wine, in wood and bottle Sherry, ditto ditto Madeira Champagne Byass ale and porter The underigned begs to inform his country friends that he is prepared to receive Wool for sale on commission ; they may rely on the greatest punctuality and attention to their interests. 5687 _JOHN ARKINS. OILMAN'S STORES. ON SALE, KINCAID AND CO.'S Pickles, quarts and pints, mustard, lib. and iib. Sal ad oil, capers, sardines Anchovy and other pastes, bottled fruits Curry-powder, raspberry vinegar Yarmouth bloaters, &c;, &c.; Also, Lescher's starch, Epsom salts Wine and beer corks, &e.; E. C, WEEKE8 AND CO., $788 George-atmt, FSHfflR'S COLONIAL. RUM, 28 O.P:,.or I to 2, te be had only, at the Stores of the undersigned. Storekeepers, &c;, &c;, in the interior, are requested tosend then orders direotr to ensure a genuine article. Address FISHER AND SON, Distillers, 25 337, George-street, Sydney. (¡mONIAL SPTRITS.. THE undersigned are now prepared to execute orders for Best Colonial' Rum, 28 o.p., or 1 to 2 Also, For Fine Whit» Spirits of extra strength. For samples and prices apply at the Office 427, George-street. 157 ROBEY AND CO COGNAC BRANDY. 1á\ f\ BARRELS of Rizart*a brown x-J V» brandy, 14 gallons each.-Proof. ijggr Commanders of vessels supplied with good rum fer ship's use at three shillings per gallon. E. H. POLLARD, 172 Bonded stores, Queers-place. COALS ! COALS ! THE Subscriber, agent for Messrs. J. an ob A. Brown, of Burwood and Morpeth, and Messrs. W. and J. Donaldson, of Newcas- tle, is prepared to deliver cargoes of best qua- lity household and steamer coals in Sydney, Melbourne, Launceston, or Adelaide. Wanted, coasters, to load at Newcastle or Morpeth; quick despatch and good freights will be given. Apply to James Biiotvm, New- castle ; Dr. Brotvn, Maitland ; or to 158 JAMES MALCOLM. A T £& CHESTS of superior Hysongkiu TCÍÍÍ TEA, at Forty Shillings per chest- heavy weights (NOT THE «' RUBY'S"), cn sale in lots to suit purchasers, at the Stores ssf the undersigned. Terms-Cash. ROBERT MURIEL, Auctioneer and Agent, 759S No. 454, George-street. COALS. - H. R. Whitteli, con tinueB to supply, as heretofore, a first rate article at a moderate price, and promp delivery. N.B.-Ships, steamers, mills, and manufac- tories, suppled at a minute's notice. Bathurst-Btreet Coal Depot. 1099 SCOTCH OATMEAL. JUST arrived, per Luciparas. - 160 barrels finest Scotch Oatmeal 50 coses CaBtor Oil, in half-pints, pints, and quart bottles And also expected per Catherine Jamison, about 20 cwt" fine English Cheeses, consisting of Fine Cheshire, double Gloster, and Cheddar Cheeses Fine English Hams Fifty sides fine English Bacon At rOHN STIRLING'S Stores, 199 George-street. FAT CATTLE. FOR SALE, between 200 and 300 head of Fat Cattle, 4 years old and up- wards, running on this station. To be sold m one lot, or in lots to suit purchasers. Delivery given on the station. Stonehenge, New England, December l8. 8802 TO FARMERS AND AGENTS. THE undersigned will be ready, on the 1st of February next, to commente purchasing good Malting Barley. JAMES WRIGHT, 157 Australian Brewery. " WOOL. " riiHE undersigned are purchasers of JL WOOL, At highest market prices. ASPDNWALL AND CHALDER, 4729 _Bank Court, King-street. THE undersigned are purchasers of Wool and Sheepskins. PRINCE, BRAY, AND OGG. George-street, May 17. 1138 GO*D bought at the highest marke price, by M. BIRNSTINGL, 6576 Bullion Office, 489, George-street. GOLD !^OLD~! THE business of the undersigned, for the purchase ;\nd sale of gold dust, bul- lion, &c.;, will be conducted on and after this date by MR. TH08. FREDERICK M'DONNELL, At the Bullion Office, over the Auction Rooms. The highest market price can always be ob- tained. JOHN G. COHEN, Auctioneer and Bullion Broker. 490, George-street, January 1._171 TO MERCHANTS, SHOPKEEPERS, AND DIGGERS. THE undersigned will give the highest price for Gold, Foreign Bills of Ex- change, and Foreign Coin, at the Bullion and Foreign Exchange Office, George-street. 8214 JACOB MARKS. TO IMMIGRANTS IN PARTICULAR PARTIES wishing to proceed to tne mines, and requiring to leave goods be- hind in safe keeping, may have them wellt stored and money advanced, by applying at 1" Holloway's Depot," to J. K. HEYDON, 6 78, King-Btreet West. JAMES ALEXANDER, from Man chester, will oblige George Wilkinbon by forwarding his letters to the Argus Office, Melbourne._8281 NOTICE.-Mr. Dunbmitbe, Solicitor, has removed his offices to No. 325, Castlereagh-strect North. The business will in future be carried on under the firm of "Dunsmure a^d Stafford." January 1. 9095 NOTICE is hereby given that the Partnership hitherto subsisting between us, as Attorneys, Solicitors, and Proctors, has this day been dissolved by mutual consent. Dated this thirty-first day of December, 1852. ROBERT JOHNSON. WILLIAM W. BILLYARD. 183 RICHARD JOHN80N. NOTICE is hereby given that we shall, from this date, cease to carry on business, or to use the signature of our firm, except for the purposes of liquidation. The business we have heretofore carried on will be continued by Messrs Wm. Walker, Jun., and Co. WM. WALKER AND CO. Fort-street, 31st December. 77 OTICE.-The business heretofore carried on by me will hereafter be con- ducted under the style and title of Bingle and Son. JOHN BINGLE. Newcastle, January 1. 46 UBL1C NOTICE.-Henry Fisher notifies to the public that in future he will conduct his business under the style or firm of Fisher and Son, as Distillers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, 337, George-street, Sydney, opposite the old Burial Ground. 20 G HEAD, being about to leave the I . colony, desires that all accounts against him be immediately presented for pay- ment, and all parties indebted to him will please pay their accounts by the Cth day of the next month. Any account unsettled after that date will be placed in the hands of his Solicitor for recovery. G. H. having left the Timber Yard, Sussex-street, accounts will bo received at his residence, near the boundary stone, Surry Hills, or to Daniel Cooper, jun., Waterloo Warehouse, George-street, Sydney. « G. HEAD. NOTICE.-The undersigned1 has ad- mitted his Son, Mr. ClememtCaorr, as a partner, and will continue his agency and coal business at the Commercial Wharf, King street, under the style of Thomas« Choft and Sonv THOMAS CROFT. January 1._ 214 NOTICE.-All persons indebted to the undersigned are hereby requested to pay their accounts forthwith to Mr. Chaldpr, Bank Court, King-street, whose receipt w ill be a sufficient discharge. And any claims on the undersigned are requested to be presented to the above Mr, Chalder, before Saturday, the 8th January, 1863. W. C. MATTHEWS. Late of Liverpool House, Brickfield-hill. _9139 CAUTION. - I hereby caution all persons against trespassing on my lands, at ornear Mandemar, Berrima, by driving any stock on or off the said lands. Any person found so doing, without having first obtained permission of the undersigned, Mill be prose- cuted according to law. ALFRED J. X. ICETALE. Mandemar, Teciml er 30,1852. 162 WANTED, jÇtQj\s\J\\_P* rity, and good interest. WOOLCOT an-1 CLARKE, 222>_555, George-street. rino EMIGRANTS AND OTHERS. JL A fair and honest Cash Price given foi Guns, Pistols, Clothing, Linen. Tools, Watches, Portmanteaus, Trunks, and miscellaneous property of every description, by John Smith, 239, Pitt-street, next the Willow Tree. Established January, 1840. Try and iudge for yourselves. 4242 WANTED TO PURCHASE, from respectable parties,, good guns, pistols, books, clothing, dressing cases, instruments, linen, and miscellaneous property of every de scrip-ion. R. M. LINDSAY, Kent-street, near the Hunter River Wharf. ^" A note addressed, parties attended at their residences. 8308 TO MASTERS OF COASTERS. Wanted, tonnage, for about 100 tons of tallow, from Morpeth to Sydney. Apply to Messrs. Thacker and Co., corner of George and Jamison-streets. 42 OVERNESS.-Wanted, a Gover ness for a family residing near Mudgee. She will bo required to take charge of three children, and to instruct them in the usual branches of an English education, including Music and French. Apply to Mrs, Eleanor Terry, Percy Lodge, Darlinghurst, between the hours of 10 and 2._168 WANTED, a Chief Clerk for the Auction business, to take charge of the books, &c.; It is indispensable that the party applying should have a knowledge of the busi- ness. John G. Cohen, Auctioneer, 490, George-street. 170 LAW.-Wanted, a respectable Youth, as an Articled Clerk. Apply to Mr. BiLLYAUD, Crown Law Officer's Chambers, Macquarie-Btreet North. 182 W AW.-Wanted, a Conveyancing JLi Clerk. Apply to Messrs. Johnson and Johnson, 312, Pitt-street. Sydney. 184 TO PARENTS AND GUARDIANS. -The undersigned requires an educated Youth as an articled apprentice. Particulars may be obtained on application at his Offices, Terry's Buildings, Fitt-atreot. W. MEADOWS BROWNRIGG, Land Surveyor and Estate Agent. N.B. - Employment for a competent Draughtsman. 216 RAPER WANTED.-Wanted, for a country establishment, an Assistant in the Drapery department. To a person tho- roughly competent, and producing satisfactory testimonials, a liberal salary will be given. Samuel D. Gordon, 3, Bridge-street. 205 T~ O DRAPERS ASSISTANTS, Wanted, a competent and steady young man, of good address, to conduct a retail estab- lishment in Sydney. A liberal salary will be fiven. Apply to Messrs. Kern and Mauer, [unter-Btreet. 8898 O MILLINERS. - Wanted, four first-rate hands. Apply to Mrs. Lene- han, New-buildings, George-street. Salary highest in Sydney. 8899 WANTED, a respectabie person as Needlewoman ; she must have knowledge of Dress-making, To a competent person the situation will be a comfortable and permanent one ; also, a Laundress, who tho- roughly understands her work. Apply at Pettv'8 Family Hotel, Church-hill. 226 WANTED, three Apprentices\o the Millinery Business. Apply at 131, King-street East._207 TO SUPERINTENDENTS.-Wanted, for a sheep establishment near Goulburn, a Superintendent who has a thorough know- ledge of the management of sheep, and can produce testimonials of character and compe- tency. Apply to T. Broughton, at No. 381, George-street, Sydney, till the 14th day of Ja. nury, 1853._8386 ANTED a Cooper, to proceed im mediately to a station at the Richmond River, under the management of Mr. George Sparke. Apply to Thacker, and Co., 541, George-Btreet._9079 WANTED, a respectable Woman, as Housekeeper to a single gentleman. For address apply to Mr. J. F. Johnson, Registry Office, Castlcreagh-street, Sjdney. 52 WANTED, two Confectioners. To competent persons liberal wages will be given. Apply at 249, George-street. »947 ANTED, a Man Cook. Also, two Female Servants. Apply at the Sara- cen's Head, corner of King and Sussex streets. _7767 WANTliD, a respectable young per- son as Cook. Also, a Parlour Maid ; one who understands her bubincss and can work well at her needle. Apply to Mrs. Wil liam Walker, Cumberland-street. 9014 WANTED, a man or woman a3 good plain Cook. Also, a female as Houbo Servant. Apply at Charlton's Hotel, Market Wharf._198 ANTED, a respectable female as Cook in u small family. Apply to Mrs. Marks, Wynyard-terrace, George-street. 175 ANTED, a General Servant, and a young girl, as Nursemaid. Apply to Mrs. Ho«o, Stanley-street, third house from College-street._173 ANTED, a Female Servant. \- . Respectable references required. Ap- ply to Mrs. Gordon, 3 Bridge-street. 245 ¥" AUN DRESS.- Wanted a person JLi who can bo recommended, to contract for a family's washing. Apply to Mrs. Spvf.r, George- street North, opposite Campbell's Wharf. 227 ANTED.-Wanted a Man to work in a garden, and make himself generally useful. Apply to Mr. Flktciieh, at Union Bank of Australia._40 WANTED, a Man to proceed to the Northern District«, for the purpose of breaking and Taking general charge of a stud of horses. Apply to Montefiore, Graham, and Co. __29 GROOM8.-Wanted, Stablemen. To competent active men the -htefcest wages will be given at the H. E. %¿Oé¿* Repository, Bligh-stroet, »<;$n»S WANTED, an Overseer for?ft'in($ell 0. ' No/>erson need apply who' has not had colonjftrexperience, ondimderstends sheep and farming» A married' couple with good character would bo'-preferred. Shepherds and Farm Babourers will.'also b» engaged. A. MdpKH, Bridge- street._7687 O^CHMAN WANTED. Apply_ toTfc»»wg5£ULES NATitAjf««Jkî«*9ufttîé^~" street NorthTneYbrä*"«'^tn" the morning» or between 2 and 3 daily._248 B~ÖATMKN. - Wanted, four able hands to pull a whale-boat on the coast, and to be otherwise useful. The pay is four shillings and' three-pence per day with free houae, but no rations. Apply to R. W. Moore, Fortune of War, Lower George-strpet. _ 9082 WANTED, a Man accustomed'to boil meat;, and make up tallow. Also, a Shepherd, and some hands who have been used to work in a butcher's shop. Apply to I. K. Cleeve» Charlotte-place. _189 rriO ÜÑCIGRANTS. - Wanted, ten fl. »ingle aarn as Shepherds. A mnrried man, with useful lads will be hired. Also, a man to drive a horse and c >rt, and attend to st.tble wi.rk. Apply between 9 and' li' o'clock» this morning, to H. Richards, 5GKH Gooree« street._17* WANTED, a Boy, absut Î5 or 16 yea78 old, to proceed to. the country. He must be able to travel on horseback. One accustomed to the bush preferred. Apply to J. Frazer(. Patent Slip. 164 THE Friends of a Young Lady are desirous of meeting with a situation for her in a respectable family,, within &rty; (40) miles of* Sydney, ¡she »s duly qualified to give instructions in mutis, únging. and the u-ual brancheB of an English education. Salary a« secondary consideration, a comfortable and respectable home being the chief desidera- tum. Apply, by letter,, pro-paid, to W.L.S., Sydney Morning Herald Ofiloe, 217 TIO MERCHANTS AND CAPI- TALISTS. - A Gentlwman about to proceed to England in three osr four weeks, who has a practical knowledge of goods suit- able for the Colonist Markets* and an excel- lent connexion in the manufacturing districts at home, is desirous, of making arrangements with an established house in Sydney, to select goods, either on joint account or on commis* sion. Principals oaly, addressing P. T., Herald Office, Will have immediate attention. 203 0 THE LEGAL PROFESSION. " A gentleman just arrived from England, and who has had experience in the London Courts of- Law and Equity as a short-hand writer, offers his services in a similar capacity to the above profession, or in any case where a verbatim report of evidence or any proceedings is nec-Msary. Address Y. Z., Herald Office. »074 TO SETTLERS.-TÄ Gentleman "re« cently arrived, from England, of highly respectable connectons, is desirous of obtain- ing a situation upon a nheep or cattle stntion. where he would be willing to make himself useful. The highest references can be given, if required. Apply by letter to J. D., Herald Office, Sydney. l61 HMO FAMILIES.-The advertiser, JL a respectable English Farmer, offers himself as House Steward or Butler. To a respectable family would -not object to drive a carnage. The most respectable references can be given from home and in Sydney Please address T. S. B., Herald Office. 323 A PERSON lately arrived as Sur- geon of a Ship, wishes for an engage- ment to return to Calcutta or England in that capacity. Apply by letter to W, E., Herald Office,. 34 WANTED, by the advertiser, a situation in a general house of busi- ness (has been accustomed to the drug trade) ; salary not sor much an object as respectable employment. Address L, L" Herald Office. I« \--.-_-,-- w» WANTED, Employment by a strong acti-e young Man, just arrived from England, as Colleotor or Portpr m, *,uy, capacity where the services of a sober, steady man are required ; can ride and drive. Address A. B., Mr. T. Ayling'n, Grocer, comer of Castlereagh and Bathurst streets. No. 145. _180 WANTED, by a competent person, a situation as Clerk, Storekeeper, or any other light employment, where he could make himself useful. References can be given. Ad« dress R. W. !.. Herald Office._167 WANTED, a situation, by a respect« able married female, as Housekeeper, or as Needlewoman, in a respectable; family, and would make herself generally ustful. ".Jte ference of the highest respectability can bo had. Letters addressed to J.H., Herald Office, will be attended to. 187 WANTED, by a gentleman just ar- rived in the colony, a situation in a wool warehouse, or a wine and spirit stores The advertiser has had bíx years' experience in purchasing wool for a large manufacturing house in England, and for the last seven yeirs has been connected with tho wine, spirit, end ale trade. Address to E. S. L., Herald Offke. _ '97 ABSCONDED CHINAMEN. NOTICE.-A Reward of Two Pourtia will be given for the apprehension of New Sow, a very powerful man, 6 feet 2 inches in height ; also, the same roward for the .ap- prehension of Tan Young and Tan Jock, who absconded from my service on Saturday nig'it, llth instant. It is supposed they have gone in the direction of Sydney. Any person na« ploying them will be prosecuted according to law. 7026_WM. LAWSON. _ Í» | REWARD.-Strayed from Arm t) ' strong's Crown Inn, Chippendale, on the 31st ultimo, a dark bny pony, black points, bald face, and branded My on near shoulder. Whoever will bring tho same to Mr. Annorr. Botany-Btreet, Chippendale, or to Mr. J. F, Staif, Parramatta, will receive the above re- ward. January 1._196 S~UÏTE OF OFFICES.-'! o Let, se- parately, or as a whole, several apart- ments, well secured, and of easy acetas, over the counting-home of the subscribers. GEORGE A. LLOYD AND CO. 474, George-street, January I. 92 FFICKS TO LET, over the A-c tion Rooms of the undersigned. Tue i«$ S. Mort, Pitt-street, ' <" iO fWIQ LET, those newl/ erected Stn es JL in Wynyard-street ; also", . tha" uj.aer portion of the House known as the Auatrr ian Warehouse, 632, George- streeet. Appl; to Mr. Isa\c LtvF.r, Wynyard-squaro ; or'i 12, George-street, Sydney. 230 TO LET, on the Cook's River K >nd, near the Church, a Cottage, containing six rooms -«-'.h fïet-"'. Z ' ' ¿ >¡, ,i«.->*-r . *, coach-hc * <.'.m jlipy, hu I . lient ¿ííidtl« 11', Rent £f . v«r annur«». ¿k "tit* VbonAift] < - ance w >U be mn-le if p.iíú in i> Ivon"?, fei ,i'<*k propriet r i« IcaMng Sydni/. A}»;'1' ."* WOOLCCJ 'At' C; Mit«'!, il'.itth» lÎBjjR üf i '1 tralaaia. -t TolfMALL FARMERS. THE undersigned has several 8 nail Farms to lot on tho Hollow-Tree E» tate, near Raymond Terrace, having river fron*age. The land is of the best quality, and is well wa- tered, and has undergone great improves! nts, being cleared and fenced, and having cot* ?<» already built and fit for occupation. For particulars apply to WILLIAM BRETT, Jamison-la^, Mr.patrick:do&oeto;* ,; ,.* im . _ ... joattaïwmtow, -ri 