isVlMSH'EXTRACTS. WoU,6sa SoiCT»fi -°" a y morning the \- _ m m was discovered in a small copse .•stai Palace, with his hnad blown fci -pieces, ri*e-P is '° l by llis Inifjriua- •iven at the police-station, Sergeant Sole Ijtkblcs proceeded to lUe spot., and rebody to the bonc'-.ouso, Sydenham. An » held on Thursday, whit* ftom the evi- . .geared that the dcceas'-.d's name was Lawr Mason, age ! 17, urnl ft* the last four A been In the employ of Atwcll, butcher, . K-. •.rect, Camborwcll> and carriod on a corrcs- .1 " . sth his young raistvess 4only 14 years of age. •!• V. • - an end to, which .n-V -M;•'• to leave his service, and terminate his cx- • • -.escribed above. Two letters, which were . -.- person v were rea l, the tosi of wiiieh ...... seel to his mastCi-, and was as folio-vs .-••- rebcewlnyou'rscYvicc upwards of four years, \- »y F have met with every cncouragemenu for until lately, I have noticed that you •a satisfied With what I have done, whi-u » answer "you .at tim*s very sh^-p. ';^' wttccd; a»8, as I am to be separated.'™ •'-;sdt t«f my affections, there is •'.,- . • ,, ''U wort*; my heart is ready to b««t i .th . -.v it, m-y agonies at the p.-e.eut tme.moe -vu; : :*ir, r.ml therefore I am detcn«jHcM^on>e ..,-., .. s.iemV/ tiking my own life. So donM by IV •. :•..,foe.'ivc this I shall have brca^ei in> las- : -vsu forward my box and all that belongs to ..;.. dieted parents. I cannot say any more, ->> f .—.<•«' v." ever." The second was addressed to his : .:. ress, of which the fallowing is a copy :— .. ... ; .o- jines comes from your broken-hearted •!.. -r. :Ms"happiness is going never to return again, v. .....'.vn\ accept this as a last token of my bvc, ».•-'. :,«••*'•• in remembrance of «ne. ,1 have uow left • . .'j.-jyer to see you more, so farewell t'or ever. ""Co , ou will hear some s&d; news from <-our father y-! : avc received th s note."—The jury returned ? V "Temporary insanity."^/ ROBBERT IN X GLASGOW BAXK.— .••.:.!:.><••, • Saturday.—TMs forenoon-a young man, ' . A.v'rew Wallace, proceeslcsl to the Western i u Kiiler-street, to cash a cheqs® for 700i. for li=s av;!-)-.;;.-.lessrs. D- and J. Maedor.ald, sewcd-nmslin ctv '• •. - s. The teller h xnftsU him tho monay, con- :•.,•• r - i.:«';jrl00i. notes, five 10?. noics,andtherennin.-l«r :tj .wir -.Wtes. Wallace counted tho large notes, •: v> 4501., and laid them aside on the emmier, ft :.<••" s:.-cee.ted to look over the small notes. When s..- . sj'.f a well-dressed person came behind h'-m on i'l-: •'<• • au I hurriedly a-iked him to point out the •.".•».«..—. • riiom. Wallaco'looked round, and indicating -Ii? J; =. ul, saiil, "to the left." "Which of tho > the stranger. The clerk told him, and ': .nr.'l ••:• turned round to rcs;imcthe counting of •" • ' .* >tcs. He saw in a moment that the parcel • . ; ,tes, vte. i£0l, had disappeared, and ex- ......•> ' My mon^y is gone!" Mr. Crawford, a < : . eitSwsn, wCw was transacting business in : r. • :Sde 'WiiStaco, said, " I saw a gejitlesuan • "i • • of notes from befjre yo:i, and there j'the' 'mnk at this very momentand ce;-- instons a man was seen hurriedly receding •y-«oer which opens to the street. Wallace •ihefi up the small notes and rushed out, me the thief had got to the bottom of V- =«nd mixed in the crowd continually ' !> • Argyll-street. Wallace conld not have . - >. • • thief, even though he had cercc alongside .11 point of fact, while the one fellow en., rk's attention or\ the left side, his asso- > on the right, and hastily snatched the .. . Wallace, consequently, never saw him. 'ho inquired for the Manager's room • id the confusion, and, although £100 has * as a reward, ;:s yet there avc no traces of -ulprits or the money. The perpetrators y are supposed to be English thieves.— 7. 'OLOMBUS.—The Espts»s« announces 'that tutograph chart of the pilot Juan de la impanion of Columbus ! in his discovery of 'M, has been purchased in Paris, by order uish government, l' •e >nged weeks to a«f« Haroa in Paris. Walkciiaer, whose librars cation f >r * pro-lacing'beer in a st-c. ,, e sik'> l disoverei in Boheml-i. On infusiou in >lves, and frotfcs up into a palatab'i everal Er.g'isft houses lt&ve; turned their *" OLS.—The sBwr imatfji-^Q^IjaJS^lonn* a»ione at IPurin, pro-.'-unted in 15.33 by. \- Christina, relict of''Charles Felix, of the . )0 francs, has been stolen. At OAS.I1 a 'jintaining t.i-3 ashes of St. Evasas, luslike- "Mle away wit-i:. willow, of large si'/e, grown from a the willow which overhangs Napoleon's tclen», has been prewntcl to the Bmperor h, by a noraerv-man, and has been placed of the p.*iase"of St. Cloud. The whele American nation is, says Mrs-' le sense, under a paralysis of public semi, subject. It was said by a heathen writer. *-ive «s a ifearful power when they ?avc of becoming accus'tomed Us things. This l ^ f ^ ^ i i S t ^ K r When wi-.eti but-a hut* suwll smwll portion ooriicn of the thinzs things n America has been told in England,, .nd ITtly, and Germany, there has been ;k and eatery of horror. Amcrica a'one , and asks, "Wnat is tlva matter?" rs back, " Why, we have heard that men. sattlein your country." " Of course they nerica.; "but what then ? " " We have Europe, "i&at; millions of men are eadand write in your country." "We lays American ""but what is this outcry e have heard," says Europe, " that Cliris- ! it sho:d I be," says America; " but still jitemcntabout?" " We hear that three mil- $eople have no'iegal marriage ties," says :ai;tty that is tree," returns America; bnt in«utcry, wc thought y.iu saw some great ou." " Ani you profess to fee a free i indignant Europe. " Certainly, we are most enlightened country in the world; talking about?" says America. " You >sionaries to Chrietlanise us," says Turr region has abolished this horrihlc sysy£u are all heathen over there; what , to talk-1" .answers America, e seem really- to., have thought that no- H»le exaggerations of the system of sla. r e produced the sensation which has rclt ic all modern Europe. They do not thing- tlicy have become accusto.mel to, freely'tn every discussion, seems to all ^e stim and essence «f villany. Modern lg her eyes and locking on the legal are system, on th6 laws and intcrpreiahicb define it, says to America, in tl:«c in-iignant Othello, if then wilt justify & * more j abandon all remorse; s head horrors accumulate; make Heaven weep, all earth amased, canst thou •&» damnation add a this." MOVEMENT.—Tt is to bs hoped that the e extensive :Agitatibn which now per- •y, will keej) steadily hi view-that it by • arily follows that wherever s-'.ey may r3 to accede .to their terms, there tiie workmen's. It «ay, on the contrary, ny suck cases,-that the workt&en; will '<0 regret their -temporary triumphs, s and decrease in time hours .are in Irable, that it .wiU be well tojook '• present com pulsion -do not so cripple r - wnj there be .no work to timo,'no wett«T y \- cs P 0llsi bitity, so far KS • shOttWe« 0 0^Ulan^eirmastc rs, er to be fl™ "orkmen who are. ughout the' or ''w the workins 00^try. As feel this re SVo,^vr «r necessarily ^ «- n d n->t by th* AavMl t - S'*a more ex-el,..si^/^ ^'^e .... own, inasmuch as we syn,\n»i>.-« e masters no los.- than with the men, and ^ ; .. w their best interests as at all separable,—^! •: .--M-.en must take care .that they do not asit faster . «n :te masters can give, or they will defeat their \- -L ' rpose. Tkey must -trice care not to excec-d rea. % -li. 1 '.'hey ought, it possible, to establish a candid m, branding with their masters. They ought to hi:uv i lost especially &ow; members of their own bodies '"e.1 .eg in different parts of tbe country. If they ••••so ill thesv conditions, thoy wdU be able to procure ivaKtagcs as more comfortable places to work in, lothieg of that bettor personal treatment, which io as much as anything to improve the moral ' trade. Prosperity, has its lessons as well as 'y; and we are anxious that the worjdug classes ->" make all £hey can out of the present sea "'>'•• This prudential advice is given at the dose of •• cle on " the power of the working classes," in •. : ik .he writer's whole interest is centred in the pro. W .nd increase of that power. We trust to be ^ • • ; - .y listened to, then, in pointing out the fear Vi:'-% is that present triumph may in many cases • to be but permanent disaster. The present ' "'" c ®8nt, as in tlic outset we foresaw it was likely to 4 '.one of unusual generality ^njJ e?»ent. It has penetrate 1 into almost every trade. That It Will, Is ultimately and In the rcrjn successful, render cvorything dearer to the "working classes themselves, its very universality renders Evident. If shoemakers obtain increased wages, *hoes and boots must becomc dearer to workmen 'v A every trade. If tailors share in the benefit, shoeuukers must pay as well as others. If house-makers benefit, as they ought to do as well a others, rents, will be raised over the heads of both t.ii. l'ors and sVoemakcrs. So will it bo throughout, l'or his sixpence or a shilling a day of increased wages in one trade, the workman must lielp to pay the increase ot wages in twenty different trades % and it must be remembered that the drones, whom it would be desirable to lay most of the common harden on, arc but -.cw in comparison with the working bscs, who themselves , constitute the main mass of tho hive; and workmen are very much mistaken if they think that increase ot wages is to come really and essentially out oi the pockcts of the masters, or even out of thc» of t=.e non.. working classes; maiu5y,snch increase w.ll come out of their own packets,so soon as tho nwvcmeat.s general enough, and no movement .br iacease of wages probably was ever so simultaneously general as thru which now prevails. Its very university then dummies the probability of great or deeded benefit being derivable from mere increase of wages by any one partitular class of workmen. Nevertheless, they may all derive some fiual balance of real and substantial benelit from* itfbut the considerations now laid before them on'lit to temper their eagerness as well as their hopes, si that false and hasty steps may be the less liktly to be plunged into, or exaggerated expectations the less ? lik-sly to lead to or precipitate such steps.— Another disturbance of the Irish members had oe enrred in the House of Common's. On the 12th of May Optain Magatc appears to have stated that a communication had been made to the Irish members by' an agent of the Whigs to the effect that, if tho Irish members would assist in ejecting Lord Derby's Government, they (the Whigs) would not impose an income-tax upon Ireland. This was afterwards repeated by Mr Lucas, who said, " This statement, coupled with the dorlared hostility ofS'.rC. Wood to the extension of the tax to Ireland, had, he said, influenced his vote." The Tims of the following morning says, " The farcc <>f the ' Fighting Irishman ' may bo considered a standing cutertainmcnt in the Theatre Royal St. Stephen." In the Parliamentary business set down for May 1: we no! ice that Lord Dudley Stuart would more for a "Return showing the number of warrants issued by any Secretary of State for detaining or openiug of letters in flie Post Office, in each year from 18t5 to the present da'e inclusive, and the names of the Secretaries of State who have signed such warrants, distinguishing t!ie reasons for which such warrants have been issued and the number of persons to whom the warrants wen applicable, and the number of letters detained or opencd under each tvarrant (in continuation of a return contained in the report of the Secret Committee of the House of Commons in 184t on the Post Office)." Marshal Narvaez had been appointed to the Embassy in Paris. IRELAND. TUB EXCOOS.—According to a Kerry paper, 1000 emigrants have already left the town of Tralee for America, and a large vessel Is daily expected to arrive in that port to embark passengers for New York direct. Resides fhis continued stream to the ne-v world, there is an extensive current of emigration of the able-bodied working classes, particularly female servants, maintained per steamer to London. Over 100 of this class left Tralec last week for the English metropolis. The lK«f«/orJ Chronicle, loo, has the following statement in reference to the "flight" from that quarter of the southern province:—'" The Sophia, Captain Uellord, left our quay on Wednesday for New Vork, taki ng w th her SO passengers, and the Mars steamer ieft for Liverpool this morning, having ISO passengers on board, bound for the United States and the gold rojrions. Among them we noticed some of the middleclass farmers, who once were happy, but o*viug to the change caused in the times by the fatal blight of the potatocrop, combined with tho rapacious grasp of unrelenting and tyrannical landlords, had to alopt (though unwillingly) emigration from the land of their forefathers, being the on!y resource lefi them to avoid becoming inmates of the workhouses. Wo have no doubt that, unless some means be adopted to stem the current of emigration that is more than decimating our population, there will be a scarcity of hands to cut down the coming harvest.. We fear not contradiction in thus speaking. Will not our readers be surprised to hear, that during the mouths of October, November, and December, of 1*52, no less than 3700 and odd persons left the quay of Waterford for America ? and wc have no hesitation in saying, that the number who have since left are beyond this. We have daily accounts from farmers in all parts of the country complaining of this state of things—particularly where the landlords expelled the cottiers off their property by giving them a nominal sain of money." As the inevitable result o? this continuous drain of tho population, the labor market is rapidly rising, and in con Uio prices of ;'.I1 the necessaries oi' life, agriculturists mechanics arc dcm.VhfinF, and in many ir:sta:;ccs rec:ivi:ig, an increased ra==-o,-wa Scs. The Jonrnej: :en carpenters of Wafcrford have put forth a temperalo appeal to their employers, pointing out the many illfliculties under wliich they have been suffering, and asking the modest addition of 4d. pur day to th-iir pres ent rate of wages, which is 3s. 4d. They also state that titoy cannot work longer than 12 hours—from 0 in the mor.iiii^ to the same hour in the evening—unless '-!;c;y arc paid something extra for the overtime. There is no'hiog very unreasonable in either of these demands. Tns Inisrr WAR JUBNXALS.—'The f >llowing pungent paragraph appears in tho Cork Reporter of Saturday: —" In the Nation of this day is a short article, attacking by name the editor of this journal, and written during Mr. Duffy's absence in London by some person in that gentleman's cmploymeut. We have only to say, in .refcronco to it, that it not only goes far beyond tho line which separates a public from a personal assault, but further, thst it so completely oversteps the boundary which distinguishes the act of a gentleman from that ef a scoundrel, that the- person to .horn it call^'on think M '"f 8 5 "/»«««, if assailed by a ruffian in the street, to in diet personal chastisement on 1:1s aggressor, t instead of handing him over to the police."' The absence or personality hod been hitherto a redcemin<* feature in the journals professing to be the organs of Young Ireland, but of late ample amends have been made for the dcfiaiciv.y, and some or their writers can now compote in tho abusive line with the most case- hardened journalists of tho old school.—T * FKANCE. The inteutio'j of the Government to cn-oncuate in the construction of lodging-houses for the working, classes and employees of small income, has excited good deal of interest. The measure will not give satisfaction to one class at all events— namely, the proprie tors, who see in such competition an ur>justifiablc:intei' ference with private speculation. Many of these proprietors were Socialists in theory, but they arc now discontented at finding a part of that theory carried into practice, for many persons think they can discover in the article of the Moni*.o;r of yesterday a decided tendency to Socialism. The Assemblee XatioualeT f instance, says—" Wc cannot, give our opinion of-that communication as it deserves; we only say that it is very grave, both by the act to which it refers, and b./ the tendencies which are manifested in it." It is but fair to obserw, however, that the evils which the plan of the Government., or rather of the Emperor (for it is alleviate or remove, have seldom been felt more severely by the humbler classes than since the immense improve ments m Paris have been commenced. House-rent has risen enormously within the last 10 or 12 months in every quarter of Paris, and those who formerly inhabited the more open and mora healthy quarters, bnt whose means do not. suffice fcr the excessive aug- mentation arc obliged to seek elsewhere for houserooin. The demolition of hundreds of houses, and the clearing of narrow, incommodious, and unhealthy lanes and convts has produced a general emigration ; Sfiu the working-classes, who wore -m„stlv, if not exclusively, the tenants, have been forced out of ftesc cheap am, dingy abodes to other sites, rot K:r.ch better, but considerably dearer. Within tho last tix months.the rent of (hoes %-refcfisd lod«-. ings has, like thj rent of other .quarters- of thcapital, risen excessively, and far beyond the means of the ordinary workman, it has been asccrtained .from returns furnished by tiie Paris Chamber of Commerce, that more than 40,000 males ami 6,000 females, belonging ts the working classes, reside in furnished lodgings—en garni; the two-thirds pe raanently, the remaining portion only during the working season. Tha operatives ymii are divided into classes. G'f the former each occupies a separate room, the others aSargc room i« common. Those of the second class arc far more n.urs. H'ons than Hie others. The man who rents-a separate room pays for it at the rite of from 12f. to (ISC. a mouthy and .'hey are comparatively in a comfortable condition. Others, much less BO, rent closets, for which they only pay from Bf. to Sf. a month, and these are also more numerous than these, who nay «ie 'higher rent. The first class of workmen arc generally the best ootid uctcd and the most industrious, and tf.oy generally end by taking wfusaUhed lodgings, .which they flemish themselves, are ^up ' l ' to;s wl >erc these last are citUfly to he found, Min^.the Klysee, the Madeleine, St. Eustach=\ the Bour~ v aL 10Ws > the Opens, the Bank, the Tuilcries, St. Sauven* ' , onno ^ouvett*, tho KoolcJe Medicine' ln same roL l 10 ? ass "i^t by dozoas or more rcnt tl month or b y C l ' r ^ y l « ir *>eus by the centimes, r or J ^ ? : They the or 4 pay at tho rate of 20 The number of 1 , 4 P e r day, or 10c. at least, rooms is fl- om ^ ' ^ ^ y can called, in tho 5e near the Lurembou^, he abou n <» we those Palais Royal, t he InvaKdes the tiie Requeue, the Marche, L ' ^ t U at Metiers! Rue Babylone, the M o n t - ' a J H Ville, the Mery, the Temple, the LouU £ awre »t. St. theatres, the Champs Elysecs, the ^!L uan e > «ie n col, Pepincourt, and the islands oftUc <3 e S e '' ' *» - piaccs approach nearer to the barrier n' those more squalid and more unhealthy Sererir C0I,,(f are found in that neighborhood occupy;^ U c s t , dormitory, a.id generally tho single workmen slaan t or three in the same bed. The bed i* combed o of a single njf • OK' R^nks, and the covering 0F', of the most scanty kind. There is no ventilation except what is procured by the air entering through % broken pane of glass. The edifices whioli a*« intended to be built in order to remedy this sb/cc of things will, we are told, bo composed of severe stories, divided into furnished rooms for the unmarried operatives, and unfurnished ones for s those who have families, and the site will, as I have already 'mentioned, be sclectod with a due regard to the health of the occupants. The plans of the construction will "hs submitted to the Minister of the Home Department, and lie will have the right to fix the amount of rent, so that the interest on the outlay made by the company to which the concession will bo made shall not be less than tho sum I mentioned in my letter of Tuesday last, viz., per cent. The plan, it appears, was precisely in tho state of forwardness I mentioned, and the Minister of the Interior signed the contract yesterday with tiie Company. Washing-houses and baths will be among the indispensable accessories of those establishments, and water will be carriod by pipes to every room. One of the first conditions is that there will be no more of those rooms, or ehambres, for common use. In a word, the best results arc expected by the Emperor from the execution of this his favorite plan ft r the improvement of the eoudition of the working classes. It is very in-obable that a political motive may have something to do with it. The workmen thus lodged will be better watcheJ, and their movements more accuratcly known to the authorities, than they can be in their actual condition. They will be more under the eye of the Government, and the re- pression of disorder will no doubt be more easy. I have already hinted at the possibility of the plan not being popular with the classes for whose benefit it is intended. Already some objections have been made that tho discipline of the workshops, tho ateliers wl ere they pass so many hours of the day, is quite suffi :ient for them, and that they have no desire to be under restraint when their labor is over. The words M.VAIS and Bastile have been pronounced, and some fear, and others hope, the plan will be a failure. Among the latter are of course the proprietors of lodging-houses, whose interests will be seriously affected by it; and whether the Emperor gain popularity or not among the working classes, if- is certain that he will not win much from the bourgeoisie. The evil is undoubtedly great whether the present be the best plan or not for remedying it is another question.—Times CoiresponcteiU, 15t M*y. In France the Corps Legislatif were gradually growing bolder in opposition to the Emperor, who appeared to have adopted a smooth policy by showing every polite attention to the deputies. On the 11th of May, M. Bil lault announced that he had received from the Minister of SUte a project of law, modifying articles 86 and 87 of the Penal Code relative to the punishment of death. It was understood to refer to the re-establishment of the punishment of deash, abolished by the Provisional Government, in cases of High Treason. AMERICA. The dates from New York arc to the 4th May. The Japan expedition is by no means to bo abandoned, common as the report has been. A portion of the squadron is already in the Pacific Ocean; other vessels have sailed, and the rest are making their preparations for a speedy departure. The commanding officer to whom the expedition is confiicd (Commodore Perry) is a very efficient man,, and as ho feels the highest personal ambition to succeed, and the Government is giving him every facility, there is a fair prospect that before another twelvemonth shall conn round interesting intelligence nil! be received of the rcsvlt of the expedition. I have reason for believing that the expedition has been somewhat shorn of its strength not so much from a lack of seamen as from a desire on the part of General Pierce to imi>art to it the most pacifi: aspcct. A hundred-sun ship ordered for the expedition has been countermanded. It was thought to add unnecessary force to tho squadron. Lieutenant Beale, who has been distinguished for several years as a very brave and daring officer of the army, who had rendered uncommon services to the Government in transmitting its overland mail to California, and in pioneering parties of immigrants to that distant State, and who has been appointed superintendent of Indian affairs in California, has, by his late roport, presented a sickening picturo of savage barl>ari:ics perpefated by the miners and other frontier inhabitauis of California, on the unhappy Indian natives, men, women,ii^nd children—a picture the truth of which could hardly be established except upon the incmte-.table facts he alleges and proves in his report. A signal triumph has been recently achieved in the city of Cincinnati by right-minded men against a v-sry injudicious aitcir.pt on the part of the Catholic hierarchy to establish a principle in that State, which, if once conceded, would become a danger-ms, and p.-rhaps in the end, might prove a l'a'al innovation upon the conditions by which this Government exists. It was announced by one of the bishops of the Catholic Church in the west, a year or two ago, that the canon law and the creed of the l'opc required, tinder the sanctiou el' an oath, that the principles <>f the Church of Route must to taught by every teacher of youth, wherever it is in the physical or m>ral power of that Chinch to enforce it. It was, moreover, said that the Archbishop was, by his official '..a'li, ti 'itfid to teach or cacse to be taught to all i.'ie youth in hi.- t ii'irch Sh« peculiar doctrines of the i , I'apacv, inclii iug the per>e-:uti-ui of Proteita-: by Uhi/m.nM'ina and other moans, the com-nil-sion ; of heretics t- iwcive and ado,,t the Pi'pal creed, the. ! absolution . .. of . citizens ... from . thcir/Mith ... of allegiance, * In pursuance of tiiis 'iv.-e, the Catholic Bishop of Cincinnati and his whole corps of priests, wheu at last they felt themselves strong enough to carry a local election by throwing their force at the ballot-box in favor of any party who would sustain their views, elite re.! the field, and, -snaking a distinct issue with the people whether or not Catholic schools shonid be established by public law and maintained by taxation, were most ignominiously defeated. It was then un lerstood that the entire Catholic force was to be turne-J directly against the whole system of common schools, and again thoy were defeated. It is pleasing to remark that when this same tr ek was tried in the city and >tate oi' New York, some years ago, it met the same fate, anil ilisstiil more satisfactory to think and to believe that uiy subsequent effort will have no hotter success. ln a recent American journal, whoso authority on the subject, may he pretty safely quoted, I find the following estimate of the number of the colored race now believe! to cxi.-.t on this continent in slavery and in freedom:— » " United States 3.050,000 a Brazil Spanish Colonies South American .Ucpubl ies British Colonies llayti French Colonies... Dutch Colonies ... Danish Colonies... Mexico Canda Toial ... 2,050,000 1,470.000 1,1:10,000 750,000 850,000 270,000 50,000 45,000 70,000 35,000 16,370,000 «• Of those, 7,500,000 are in slavery in the United States, Brazil, and the Spanish and Dutch colonicsor 250,000 are in progress of emancipation in the South American Republics; and the remainder, 3,020,000, are free." A convention for revising the constitution of Delaware, at Dover, had passed the following section of the new constitution by a vote of -19 yeas to 8 nays •— "No free negro or mulatto, not now an inhabitant of the State, or who shall leave the State with intent to change his residence, shall, after the adoption of this constitution, settle in this State, or come into and re main within the State more than ten days. All con tracts made with any free negro or mulatto coming into not less than twenty nor more than five hundred dollars." The .Hen. Mr. Bayard, in hk speech supporting tho amendment, stated that there arc ls.000 free negroes in I he State of Delaware, making about one-fifth of the whole population. In Maryland there are ahout-one-sixth, in. New Jersey one-seventh, and in PennsvUania about one-fiftieth. ' TJIB NEW YORK EXIIIHITICX.—The Orysla. Palaee at New .York is rapidly rising>to completion. Willi the excepticn of the floor, it is entirely constructed -if iron and glass. The general idea of the edifice is a (irc-ek cross, sui mounted by a dome at the intersection. Bach diameter o.f the cross will be 3C5 feet 5 inches Ion?. Kach arm •;( the cross on the ground plan HU fc:-t broad. This is divided into a eentral nave and two aisles, one ou each side. The Central portion or nave is carried up to the hcighth of iJV feet, and the sttuicircular arch by which it is spanned is 11 leet broad. ' and $5 feet high, 'Che building conir.is;« -sn the ground floor 111 ,000 square feet of space,and ia its gall.-ri.:3. • which are e5«i feet wide,.-32,0!)0 square i'eM more, making 1 a.total area.. reaof .... 173,008 .... square feet for the 1 purposes 1 of I , exhibition. The roof-will cover an area of 114.000 square feet. The glass for the bnitding will amount ! to 30,000 square feet. Tiu- abdications from Europe I are principally as follows: ^.Jreat Britain, aboat 700; ! Germany, lwtfkr from $00; France, over 500: tl* N'o- | therlands,about 200; Switzerland, near 100: main- I from Italy, and some from other countries, It was hi- ' tended to open the Exhibition ou ihe 1st of May, but Ike j ! event is postponed for a time. Ringgold's exploring aud surveying expedition was engaging the attention of commercial and other circles. It consists of six vessels, under the cemmand of Commander Cadwaladcr Ringgold, which have been equipped, rigged, and manned for the purpose of examining and surveying a large portion of the North Pacific Ocean, Behring's Straits, and the Arctic Sea, so far north as may be found practicable, together with the adjacent coasts of America and Asia, these surveys having for their object tho promotion of commerce and of the whaling bu.sin.css in those gmtiy. frequented but slightly-known reg-ions. in the Quebec Legislative CounqjlaiMva'CC sued for „ p Vj m William Henry Beres&rd;, against his erom:ds granted. ^adultery and violent, had been ba" Sr'SSlSJ : ° ?! the designs of Time- iu-on Jus tsrritory, had appealed to the United States for protection. No new aspects have arisen since the sailing of the last steamer in our commercial or polUicfcl world worthy of notice. The Administration of General Piercc has hardly yet grappled with a single foreign question, and it wiil l>c some weeks before definitive instructions are made out to the new Ministers who arc to represent us in foreign countries.—C Barnum, the American showman, is now a member of the Connecticut Legislature. a Barnum is putting up a tower in the vicinity of the Crystal Palace at New York, 300 feet high, to the top of which visitors arc to be lifted by a steam- engine. It is stated on the authority of a well-known statistician, that the New York daily papers consumc twenty- eight acres of paper every day. AMI-UUCAX BANKS.—The bank capital of the New England States amounts to 80,700,000 doll., namely :— Maine, 4,100,000 doll.; Massachusetts, 43,200,000 doll.; New Hampshire, 2,600,000 doll.; Rhode Island,14,000,000 doll.; Vermont, 2,300,000 doll.; Connecticut, 14,000,000 doll. THUNDER-STORMS IN AMERICA.—By letters just re ceived we learn that severe thunder-storms had been experienced in many parts in the vicinity of Philadel phia, and some telegraph offices had been rendered useless. One at Buff.Uo had been set on fire by the clectric fluid, and the instruments destroyed and the gas-pipes melted. Hailstones as large as musket-balls arc said to have fallen dnring the storm. vswfcs/t Mtrcury, Builder. imes'Cor- respondent. orrespondent of the Times. 