Sons of, five., to Nets BAM HOUSE, House, and Shop to Let, or for Sale, doing a liratratebuaineaa, apply to J. teams, and) a stage, Prahran.__?_"*_ F" must to be Let upon W J. T Clarke, brq i re Ah Lan 12-14 Agricultural and Mary W a of about one him tried tent, situated about 15 mile. £2 town upon either side of the main line of road U EtAleAr, and half way between color and the An To farmers, dairymen, and carriers, an op 2! w hero presents itself of securing a home upon of the finest agricultural and grassed lands In th. STOW the plan, and for further Information apply JHAULLS fo BURCUETT,5»,Llttl. Collins street west 2. HO lotment In the above beautifully situated and rapidly rising township, with a neatly fitted up metallic scotch made Cottage, well adapted for a small family, This level) spot is within fit. minutes' walk of St Kilda, insalubrity of air, its (soil beauty , III prox uiitylotho sea beach, its wooded walks, and picture farm lands) can, combine to render it one or the most desirable spots for a residence in the colony, For terms, apply to Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL, Argyle Store, Great Bourke street, east, opposite the Labor Market, Melbourne. was HOUSLtoLct, St. Kilda- To Let, a comfortable family home, with allay frontage, for further particulars apply to Dr O Sullivan, ht Kilda, or to William Green, land agent, it, Great Bourke street, but, 81 le HOUSE and Cottage at Prahran's let, a four. roomed Cottage, well finished, apply to Mr Leslie!!, solicitor, I, Lonsdale street, west, or Mr Hester, near Blue Bell Store, Prahran 8849 I" MTOItl iM To Merchants, Public Companies, and others -To Let, a Suite of Offices, containing five norna,aituato In Lonsdale street, near Elizabeth street, ] For particulars apply to Brabazon Purcell, Horse He sir. JOCELYN at the corner or Swanston street and Little Collins street, and in most of the leading streets ((Melbourne, to let Vieusseux and Taylor, 117, Section street 8370 LAND to Let on Building Lease in Great Collins street, Lonsdale-street, La Trobe street. Eliza, kill street, and Therry street, etc. The following valu aWa j refuses to be let on building lease for J, 7,14, or 15 years Two large houses, at present converted into car, together with shop and 1 three other rooms, ) areas, but stall stables, and 50 feet square or land adjoining nine For terms and particulars apply to Mr. WM RISEN, Land Agent, 13, Great Bourke street, east. 7203 O' STABLING toEet, II large claimed ) nil, and St v bills for several horses, enquire of J Richards, carpenter, At matta-street, between the Lamb Inn, sill Rolleston s Coach 1 actor) 072 SUBURBAN Building Sites to be Let upon Lease - Palermo. South Yarra, being a portion of the state of the late J C. Mm,Caron, Esq , has been subdivided into one acre portions, and presents the most eligible opportunity for persons desirous of le rising ground for tennis! residents, these healthy and beautiful sites situated on the Gardiner s Creek road, in the parish of Prahran, about ten miles from Melbourne, close to the river, and in the immediate neighborhood of the nil known villa residences of Tivoli, Little Rockley, sol Como. To view the plan, and for further particulars, apply to CHARLES G. HU HOHEIT, 65, Little Collins ItrHt, west. 57 TO Let the hall of a genteel Four rooms I House fronting the reserve for the Carlton Gardens apply to Mr C M Ives, architect and survey) or, Brunswick street, Collingwood. 345 TO be Let, two of those elegant and most substantially built cottage, on the top of the Emerald hill, adjoining it), and been led on two sides by the Church and school reserves. Each cottage contain! all apartments of well arranged dimensions, with a liberal enclosure of ground attached In every respect they are peculiarly well adapted to the rcipilreuictits of rented furnished For particulars, enquire of Mr. BRI IN, Land Agent, Great Bourke street, or of Dr. Gemmell, on the premises. 1758 TO Let, with a Lease, a handsomely and well furnished Boarding Home, doing an excellent bill as also an Unfurnished Room; apply) at 119, Swanston street. 1911 fllO be Let, two houses situate near to Richmond Church, an ly to DIXON A BLISS, 81, "near, street loo 11 I) Let, The Family Residence.,' Summer. hill, at East Prahran, 35 miles from Melbourne, It ensures Four Rooms, Hall, v verandah, detached bushels, Servants Room and Pantry, standing on one acre of land for more It required), and llimieilutel) adjoining Spring Water Tank, which tin he had at Is Her 1 sad, and Fire wood can also be. had at 30s per tin, apply to JOHN J. VNGMcIHt, And 1 Bair, last for the in waS fllO Let Offices in a first rate business situation Apply to H. Patteson, Neave a buildings Time TO Let, Three Rooms In Great Bourke street, as Calves 6 apply to Schultze, Reid and Co, v. Great Bourke street city fllO Let, two two roomed Cottages, situated in dress JJ. fell street, Prahran. Alto a shop with three rooms attached, and itself in a populous iiiighlHirhood at Prahran, apply to 1 Thomas Giddings, land, House, and Commission Agent, Chapel street, Prahran, oral F A li Altillo a Office, corner of Elizabeth in 11 Hu. ders-street 0101 TO Let, Two excellent Offices, situate in the Western Market square. Apply to B. DAVIS and CO., Willi in street 8709 TO Let, part of a House at St Kilda, to a small respectable family) on), consisting of dining room, two bed rooms, kitchen, ten ml i bedroom, table, and gig house, with one or paid, apply) to W. H Cropper, 57, Collins-street, east. 650 TO Let, for the term of seven years, two shops in Collins street, having 30 feet frontage, by a depth of l.tfcet,nilJij|nlugthctlmber)ardi>iMis>.rs 1. Westby and Co Possession in one month. John MacKenzie, (seen strict. 748 TO Merchants, Investors, and Others -A twenty-one years' lease of an eligible Site, adapted for men on the business, is now open air and at). Terms may he sown on application to the undersigned ROBERT GOODWIN, to, Flinders lane, will 1128 TO LE T a house and promises ill Hillier's lady west, between a county strut and M irktt square, known as No 49, for a term of six i II ) c ara s for part salary apt to JOHN MR IAN. till! TO The I el, the basement m ' Inn, gillie) road, for M. ) irtlcularsapp'y to Mr O Muge, onthoprtinlsrs, st, Brown A Stow to, Elizabeth streit._Qs.52 TO Let, furnished, that commodious Family) dwelling house and premises at C Ringwood, late) turn led by) Major 1 In brace, containing 7 rooms, with deposits, store, pantry, kitchen, scullery), and very) roomy seed oats apartments, with stable, to each house, full house, and large yard, garden tank, with pump, ill in first rate order, having Just at Bergamo Iron full repair, apply to Mr. Oh nihill, an instant, at the office of Mr. chambers, Solicitor, Queen street. 30th July, 1855 PS tTlO Let, to respectable tenants and), a 1 iiur.rouinrd I Brick Cottage, newly erected, with a large yard attached, pleasantly limited In infant tree!, near the target it!, forpvrtlcaiiiir», apply to J). and M. Buda. rain, Collins street, west. two fliO 111, two or time for dessert or iiiifiirnlshid lim., 1 with or without Board, gentlemens preferred) up try at 151, Collins street, east. 017 fliO Lit, in Collingwood, a third round House ; J. apply at Mrs. Din) a, 7 doors from the Albion Store, VA Wellington to act, I tilling ood says T TO Let part of a shop in a good wife in, a, apply) at Diemen s Wine and Spirit Store, G lent Nal li r. street. I idling«ood._0 his flat) Let Fire Rooms, are furnished d, the hills r either F X furnished an unfurnished i apply at drawings fliO Merchants and others -lo Let, me attempt JL years, in time of the last Brilliants sllilitlmis'lli Flinders Street, premises is living a front age of oil bet by Italian nfnlHuit Too for, having the hours and a cure built Hierum, 'time premises are admirably) adapted for paull s requit lug extensive o strongly apply to the proprietor, R. A. ilalhlrnlc, IRISH ; or at the Victoria Insurance Office, Collins and!, to William A, Orr. 11415 150 Let, on Building Leases, on the banks of the Yarra Yarra, put of the Abb its! and Esk are, in fall costly affair, and only three) minutes'' walk from the lost Gillie, in two-acre allotments. 'This is a most desirable change for gentlemen ui|,iigei1 in business requiring a quiet and healthy) house out of the xi Itrtueiit of the citY, Apply at the boarding house of KING ORR and CO 57.1 will) told, a «ivenriKiuul two store y Hill K Thomas J. Nu till, Swanston street will be good large lord and right of li tile entrance, It has In i II con lines d as a boarding home since 1 eli, IHM, and is very central) situation for particulars, terms, etc. apply to Mr Cittirlll, Hoinllug house, near the Cemetery, top of High Hi street HW ' wew Works. J Uil Pul attended he A If India (had a fair Head Ittckiinir, an I Assist me CARR will at (mile: Prize is ill a brings Mann is descriptive of the (military) as well as of the intrastate model of instituting trials, will I Miles for used tabling the cart full" of gold, must 111 abiding value trees to fill the 4 As 6d. per nature There, might instruct them h) J. C Siollrru, M II. lite regulations prepared by W. H. Higgins, 150 H -Tolls lolland Co 44, Collins stret, west. 5445 MIAII1AM"M-A DlsLiuir.il railhead by the Rev, M. Davidson, on ox allow of the last train being of UultirlaiiH for public worship in Mt Hearne. Hill by AMIIIauiClarke,«liilloinr, Collins-street price one shilling. Utd J 1)U11LIH11I.I) this day, Map of the Settled Districts, comprising fifty parishes around Melbourne, pointed, out allowing the parish and usually lioiiiiihirlra, in la, of i with book of reference to the sea lions and call, him fits, with the iiutiiitlllis mail per line 5 trainer, H) A. I'urclmv, I'. I:, HI, Collins sh, 11, ent, Hold My > by Messrs Collier and Co, Mr, Williams, and Mr. C Utki, ebullition, Collins girl! I. 1001 J K Y In Illirie load-line night, 1 lol. poll for cloth, Hit Ki) to time I mu s ( bill, preventing Um original fuels and dr liniments upon bills h His glory is in full b> lliiiriitlh)uhiri<.tn»i,milhun of Umbi 'local Cable. JOHN PULLAR A CO , Cullilla Uriel, 'Jill._UIIUJ Public MoetlniCB. Mr Mill is of the Church of England are ruiiuWl tunllindllioinirlliig adjourned to seven III link was Leumi) men at Um HltiiisimUrsnuiisi Schuette render any regarded the report of Ilia < nullifies up will ltd to prepare an nullifies (he oniiilllutliii of a Church of LunluitdUnwuiarSeliool and Cutters. 5, in Geelong. ARGUS OFFICE, GEELONG An Office for the ARGUS has been opened in Malop-street, west, Geelong All Letters and Communications for the Paper, Advertisements, orders for Job Printing, c, from Parties in Geelong and the neighborhood, may be forwarded to that Office, and will meet with the promptest attention AN 11.1), a first rate Cook, apply to Mr Storey Victoria Hotel, Geelong, no one need apply who cannot produce good testimonials from loans Colonial employer 54681 It GEORGE SHUriLLVTOlUH, late of WM worth, London, who arrived at Melbourne, per ship Hyderabad, will oblige the undersigned by forwarding Immediately the ) parcel of letters, At received by him from Mr John Garratt, to the following address -Mr John Garratt, Moorabool street, Geelong 3409 HICK-In the Settler! of the Murray district and the public in general -I hereby give notice that I never authorised James M'Kerlie, who was in my cousin) ment, to give orders or contract debts in my name and I shall not be responsible for any debts the above named individual or any other person, may have contracted in my name without my written order HENRY BE MaON MORRISON, Geelong 3028 AIL CONVEYANCE ROBERT SEARLES ef Geelong, having become the Contractor for the line from Colac, through Geelong, to Buninyong and Sura Bank, is ready to take passenger! and panels at the time appointed. FJIBKS find. Geelong to Colac 3 0 0 " Bunin) long 3 0 0 " " Burn Bank 4-100 " " Balaarat 3 100 Parcels 22 ed each lb weight or under li. extra forever) Jib Agents Mr Wade, Geelong, Mr Colac and Mr. Akehurst, Buninyong 2015 TO Capitalists and parties seeking for investment in JL a lucrative business - To be sold, by private contract, all those first rate established business premises, situated in Great Malop street. Geelong, beyond the Theatre, known as Moore's Temperance Hotel, together with the good will of the same The Hotel, together with the present time, is doing an extensive an 1 thriving trade, and to parties really desirous of obtaining an excel lent read) avails business, this affords an upper limit) which should not be lost sight of the proprietor has been offered a large rent for It, and the fortunate purchaser mar Insure to himself a spion II 1 fortune In a son pair silver) short space of time, as it will be sold a bargain ! or full | particulars, apply to Mr W Moore, on the premises, Cecil ng. 387 H Oil S I, HAZA A H, Grant ity rie-street, west, Geelong- walls, bales of Stock, by Auction 0 I AHKI LL and SON beg to inform their numerous Green Island constituents that they will, from this date, hold Sales by Auction Dilly at the Ilcrso Ilmar, of Horses, just Citth, Carts, Gigs, Lan! ages, At, com menting i ill. day at Two of o'clock J and that at their Sale Ames, Ash) j, adjoining the Harp Inn, they will also hold Sales of lit C sale. Sheep, and all unbroken stock, in a day of the week when required The charges are made to the yearly (none to the Purchaser), and are as follows, viz sAn entrance fee of two shillings j or head for small lots of horses, bullocks, an 1 cows (but large lots are exempt from this charge), and commission at the rate of five per cent on the aim not stick At the UN r Stalrtos in connexion With the Bazaar, Horses for She will receive the greatest care and attention, and, If sold, a considerable reduction will be made on the usual charge for keep A secure and well watered Grass Paddock has been proved led for the rec option of Cattle and unbroken Homes waiting a fixed day at a the W Rillie informing our friends and constituents or having Increased one day t of silo, (which, j Previous to the present time, were hold only on five cases the work, and the other arrangements when e mentioned 1, we would beg toofllr to them our sincere thanks for the liberal sufferers we have received no Stock Agents for the last eight years Thegencril knowledge entertained by the public of our establishment, and the long experience they have Ml of our qualifications ns Stock Agents and Aus to officers (a branch of business to which we have devoted the greater part of our time and attention) renders any comment for the recommendation of Other, quite unno cessary line we would request the attention of Stock- has lent to these arrangements Just mule, In connection with our establishment, and which, we consider, will be productive of great benefit to them, by doing much of the expense and lay consequent upon want of hume date accommodation for stock when brought for silo, whilst we can always ensure the highest market A rice, which thoquthtity of Mock weekly entrusted to our care for dis- post 1, and the manner in which our suits are attended, In ] proportion to others, will testify, Horse lUmnr, March 15th, 1853_201«^ HOOl'r It S ROY KU M VIL AM) I AM HAs HC TI II, corner of Yarra and Corio streets, near the Steamboat Pier The proprietor In returning his most sincere thanks for the liberal patronage given by experienced fr in the most respectable inhabitants of 0001011}», Inf army s store to this town that they will meet with all the comforts of an 1 English hotel at his establishment. The space. is dining saloon Is sumptuously and the games) furnished and well adapted for public or private dinner parties tHeatre are served up daily In the most liberal style, regardless of expense The bedrooms are fitted up with every attention to comfort The stock of wines, spirits, and English ales and porter, are most carefully selected, and are all filled in the colonies terms moderate Songster di> from twelve to two o'clock, a professed cook being cups j, ed I EDWIN HOOPER, late of Dath, England Colong, May 21st my. 41 G2 BLIND IlhAl) 1.01,, Ryrie-street, west A visitors to (Geelong will find a good time and I ex cclTc MnUlOUIllNL AND QhULOMl EXPRESS. The mule rsl,,', in This established a commercial an 1 hardness agency between Melbourne and Geelong, to be to her and known as the Melbourne and (Iitlong repress, H will be conduit, down the principles of the expresses to come in and so li I j My valued in the United St Ucs. 'This Li press will convey and deliver by a special nu ist nee r, hie killis, parcels samples, looks, Invoices, and papers of bury description-nrtlulcs which are too milk to the will, and the animal to so as freights Alvi for taking slid delivering orders paying and collecting accounts,- presenting bills of lading- making pickles it the Custom Housemaid fur ttaiiisatUng any other business that may be required I. An) one wishing Inu-rnntlow from fit her place, respecting the markets, or in any other matters, can rely on Its ruling promptly old fined by this Express, and at moderate charge, and I HIS ness of this kind will be if di M ml, strictly could not be. Not is ea. of Junction tiles and other mercantile notices distraints dent small a large. lilting Melbourne every day, at 11 a.m. (along every day, at 16 a on AVIicn instruct, pipers and panels will be IUHTCTCKI I the same ii iv. ' All human entrusted to this agency will be transacted with riding) and units, and the proprietor hopes,!,) satin and nylon and untiring efforts, to merit the1outldrui.of.ni10 public. In a review of the highest rospoctnhtlUy rWen. Milhoiirm>,,lul> bills, If 53 H. A HUUDKLT-. Others in MillKiuinn McCormack and Son's, Labor Market, 0.', (visit Bourke street W. Just and Co, I Undine street. Other witnesses G. C. Levey, Melbourne Mowing Herald Office, Great 11) rio street (near thurs). TO SI HI I I N s ( I cash it, Htltntlllo, mid Coinintrcla Arthur, t cloth), forehead; Dr Hickson trill rc-o|Hiithi> IIIKIVO Invlliutlon nee Min by, July 15th, US i, for the rt 111 t mt fit limited means or of (currents 3 soon, as he is It is a new The irrtitin'cinonts use of a and in retiring, maintain ictritiiount dv nut trees of the In the first t Ikilliliie'aiilhtuiertlailuhilty.iirouulvcr a till in his rah lot I the police are required to bring with them in time tivtiMlsol bill Until, the full iirfltizcn towelsdlstliictlj llllirktll TEAMS for the MO under twelve trs . CO guineas Dr IIIHVO iii bl) " Nuixtras It is quiet rr In a game little fill Nl'OiTNDd HEW Uti) - Eottfrmu Ocolonit - J. One Black Cobb Horse, branded E off shoulder, AND near nrcV, liar on forehead, hind feet white, will lilly lame In forefoot The above Reward will be paid to me) I arl J that will bring the horse, or (five liifvrmivtli.il as will lead to her recovery. JOHN DUItt'E, Oxton! Amu, Geelong, 312 Amusements. A 1,1 WINTON! ABLE - Murray appearance, Monday, last Auk'utt. Mechanics'' Institution, bran 1 M miral tlnlreo_lOIBJ OUI. it unrivalled Kate Horn Bonded. store to him like that ere Thanks for past favours conferred on him, and he saw Hill) Informs list of entry and a public Canet a la, that his Mid is over it to uniïivyouieuta, both for nut filly and a Irtisurn trips, when the newest and most popular music will be in regard Adjoining the Mt the) til Limp I, llnmswlck.strcut, Collingwood, 663 HAM) Bill, Protestant Hall, Tuesday, August 3rd, Tickets to little wants Clcntlt mate and two Endlra, but as I, to be kind nt Mr Peck a Music Won. house, 111, Hw linton Unit. 910 Xdaoatlonttl, MIMICM. l.MK'AllliN -Mr WlntcrtKittnm heirs to Intimate to his feet his mind nil trim are drafting an pt drilling themselves in the art llerlitflil study of music, that it is his intention to devote it to w hours, daily to nil In; Instruction t Ular voted in Instruct all and feels tom face) that all "who honor him with their gift note, his IIKHIO of tent Blues will have tile throat «atlsuiitloii, Britt is to he addressed, cure of M. W like, C lan nation Hotel. 3803 Bl'.l.llllW I'. HOUSE. Hcmlutvry, fur YOIMIR landing them in Prahran, near Mrs Chnniley'a, on the Dandenong road Mrs. OAUDINEHbeni to) announce to parents and Kincardine milling in Melbourne and Off loan?, that the hat and small i for three young bulls. Mrt Cltrdlut the method of tmvvhlUK is conducted on the most a strong system pursued In the llrttieiiilnorlei In 1 behind the arrniiBeineiiU use of inferior character, and tin Ititnllty dry and healthy, include only a short walk from the sun, 'the course of liirtruotloncom. pillar all mothers ftccnmpUalimenti, combined with strict t Moulin of) a mile and morals. I'rnltisori of single, darling;, till rent is are enniiRotl, and only the limited iiiiiulerof civility pupils are taking. Ittfciencei or the Muhest rctpeiublnty (tivoli, and also permits d to the pain and of the pursuit liuHei entrusted! to) Mr. (ti)|,l,IMIWOt)|) Hemmling Hi hool,- Rev. R. J 'simplified, living takes serious premises, can nunmiiiiiditti li few additional Bonded., while in the tea at the start of milly, Clem coin, Nipper street t bunch, lines candidate. in 14 last I III unity II ii Michael an Inn or three members, with a married! couple. terms moderate'. Aiooiiipllaliiiienls lflMi|Ulitdt address 11 office of this paper. (lull 1>IA\\()10HII! - A few pupils will be reward Iii Mia Hlobli'. (Inut IliiiiistvliU Itiott, C ultimo. I. Colliding IhliM door fruit lit Hindu short, on the right deliver down, lightly, Hurdle BUlncM per minute PlOtl grasses. "NOTICE -The following parties has been so IN pointed agents for the Army, and are authorised to collect monies and receive orders for the paper, and for advertisements in their several localities - J M Main, Malop-street, west Geelong A Brown Sydney John H Spence Adelaide J Walch and Son, Wellington Bridge, Hobart Town Colin N Campbell Launceston. Thomas I Inn Portland Wm Fuller a Belfast J I'lrklngton Warrnambool. John Elliot Barwon Wm Douglas Kyneton. D A Heath Granted David Oswald MoryCr«efc J R Mather . Ovens Jas Kirby Glenelg Hugh Swann Kilmore H James Bacchus Marsh. J W Green Balaarat it J I To ware Forest Creek Davis an i Chaffey U] pair Glenelg Mason and Culley- Williamstown A J Best Collingwood Arthur Dyson Collingwood. H Baker, Heidelberg Messrs Cresswell and Co. Prahran Henry Harris San irl Ige. George I Pryce ventricle J L Turner Richmond William John Morris Gisborne J J Walsh, Js, Elizabeth-street. V Urquhart, 74, Collins- street Saunders an I Stamford, 6, Charing Cross, London At the establishments of the boats In Geelong, Sydney, Launceston, Forest Creek, and fine art shown access to files of the Argus may always be obtained KOUS AGENCY, Collins-street, west Messrs PETER ROBERTSON and CO , News Agents, Collins street, west, of dwelleth Market square, have been a) pointed Agents for the Argus, and will from this date receive Advertisements for insertion in that Journal January 14th, 1853. _ NO TICE Some inconvenience both gcxiericnctd by the distance of the Argus Office from the Wharfs an 1 Western end of the city, advertisers and others are in formed that arrangements have been made with Mr J W13 WILLIAMS, later Ruler, Account He k Maker c, next door to the Royal Exchange Hotel Collins street at whose 21 in a vertisements and other communications for the Argus may be left till eight o clock in the event g New subscribers may leave their names with Mr Williams aid he will also late shirts cost les of the paper I assault on sale rriO I mills are at 1 Others Jose h W Lovett, Va I. I lit it and Vpi miser, can be seen daily, from twelve o'clock until three in at Mr riioniisi ewes Watch and Clock Maker, to £33, Elisabeth street Mel hours e B4524 US.ED -James V alters in I AH 1 Agent, Valuator, Stock and Station Salesman and General Broker, little ] exchange Collins street, Melboume Intro c 1 by James Sim] son Esq 1443 P Uti 11.3 desirous of returning to Paris Fur of I proceeding, to any r the neil orme, colonies may insure a safe an 1 st b. least as bad as ing to Soady and Jones, General assimilate, and Commission Agents 3.1 1 Hill call street 8789 BAI I. At 11 A, Store an I Sale Room opposite the lists" Sun public house, 1. The Bourke-street east- JOHN IIUIUH \, Auctioneer , 107, Elizabeth street, begs to inform Importers of British and American meridan live and I color has a produce, that having taken possession of the above commodious, dry an 1 centrally) situated, premises, which are t open level storing about 1500 tons measurement of goods, he will be happy to take charge of any quantity of merchant Use or colonial 1 roduce linen led for Immediate sale, without makin g any charge for rent or storage of same and he could identify trusts that his experts as to serve his employers and to make the best price of every thing placed in his hands, together with an Inimc first, settlement of all accounts, will secure to him a liberal share of public support, to merit which will be his constant study A pul lleSilowllilcholilen at these Stores every Tuesday and 1 rl by on the wholesale system, but In lots to suit the convenience of the trade in general The Booms In I- Elizabeth street will be open as usual for the daily sales by auction of small consignments of 1,00, town an 1 country i properties, household 1 furniture an 1 missed moons articles, and the same attention will continue to be paid to Collins, estates either at the rooms, or on the Premises of his employers as heretofore 2808 "GEORGE. Matthew M'Caw & Co., Auctioneer. AH Commission Agents, Livery SUMs Keepers, and Corn Dealers, respectfully return their sincere thanks to thelrKrlen 12 in 1 the Public for the favor which they have, been here, and beg to intimate that they have disposed of their premises and business to Messrs Water house in j Anslow, who will continue the same in all its branches * Messrs M'C & Co have the greatest confidence In introducing their successors, Messrs W. S A and have no doubt that they will cite general satisfaction, as they are- both business men, and have a thorough knowledge of h true stock, Ac and they will now be able to conduct the business in a style which has been hitherto quite so) omit our reach, the whole of tho mm agement formerly having devolved upon Mr. M'Caw alone. -? WATERHOUSE A ANSLOW having succeeded to the above business, trust by strict attention to the interests of their friends and the public, to merit a continuance of those favors which have been so liberally bestowed upon their predecessors. | N 14 -Mr M'Caw has kindly consented to remain and render every assistance in his power, for three months 6394 | EDWARD NEWTON JOSEPH, Importer and general merchant, and commission agent, NeiMs'a holdings, Collins-street, east, list of iii and foreign j merchandise always on sale. B3T93I JC. WA LE, Auctioneer and Commission Agent, i . Charles street. Launceston Consignments To-I col Ted, prompt returns, with reasonable eli urges. Storage prices, of us one month Instructions for purchasing Colonial Produce attended to, If recovered by a remittance. Launceston, January) 1,853. 8000 A CARD. to Enid Proprietors, Settlers', Store. keciKirs, Wholesale and Hot in Dealers, Diggers, and Others Mr Robert Goodwin, 30, Flinders lane, Hour, Gold, an I Einl Aircnt, an 1 1 actor Commis- sions for the Discing., Geelong, Hobart rover, Ade. bible, has in River, re) dairy, IndH, the United States, Paris, and 1 increased - Imports, Exports, A II BROWNE KENNEDY, and CO, Shipping and Commission Agents, M John-street, Launceston \ in Diemen I Land produce pit caused on commission Henry Norman Browne, hto agent for the Victoria Gold Escort Company at Port st Clock, and Chimes Quintet Kennedy, of Launceston, having coninietietd business as above, solicit the support of their friends and the mille. 7430 01 ICE - CHAMIll.ltS and HOUSING, Auc. noticed an 1 General Agents, I landed street (one door east from Queen street), beg to inform the public that they are prepared to edit bales of all descriptions of Merchandise and Colonial Produce, either privately or by l'tJBEIC AUCTION TO New Arrivals -All parties having English goods to dispose of will Omi It to their advantage to apply to Nealy and Jones, General Agents, 33,1 liza huth street. 9106 ACHATS Wanted, for the ¥ vie or John Kaye . Patent Medicines, for Melbourne and surrounding towns, apply to Wm. B, Taylor, wholesale agent, 55, Little Collins-street east. R G) flO the Draper of Melbourne, Geelong, Port Fairy, X Warriiimbool,aiidCountr» Storekeepers generally. GotiUoiuen,-I desire to think you for the large measure of support that I have received at our hands. My aim has been to bring in English and Colonial experience to hear In establishing a large wholesale drillers, slop, and hosiery trade, in which I have been eminently successful. I beg to np|irlsc)nu that from this State Mr. John Kingsmill be connected with me as a partner in the business; and it affords me great pleasure in thus presenting him to you, known, as he has been, in most of my friends during the past wise months lids over. the knowledge of the London, Manchester, Yorkshire, and Scotch i markets, fully qualify) him, in conjunction with my self, to an era orders In detail for the guidance of our hump bus era, in the purchase of these classes of goods which has heretofore secured your valued approx all it will be the endeavor of the new firm to secure the continuance of your support I and he extended Importations to meet the increased flourmills of the colony. Gentlemen, I remain > Yours, Respectfully and obliged, I lately. J. SARGOOd) The business of the new firm will he conducted under the style of SABOOOl), KING, AND CO. TI'.NNI.MS HIDES- The undersigned being Agents for Messrs. J. and It 'consent, of Wood. park Brewery, Glasgow, are in the receipt of regular supplies of their bee.' ??"-'- itinerary in. ClIUIST&Co.Qiui; It. A HALL!). Mr. Thomas Stanley Sudlow, General Commission and Shipping Agent, 117, 1 Flinders. lane, west, opposite Messrs. Heape and Grice's. 763 SHEILA SUUllKN, intended to ship Sciuiuit, House Land and General Commission Agent, Sandridge, near Melbourne, moa Paid, Wool, Tallow, into. a ADVANCES on (Gold Dust, so The underslgned will make liberal advances on Wool, Tallow, and Unid Dust, consign) to Messrs iteilferuniul Alexander, II, Great Wlnchntir.Jtriot, London. THOMAS AND KEW, 41, Murki Uqtiuro._6411117 X'lííAA'f ''in' "1911' gtgt security apply dW LUUIJ to J. Davis, auctioneer, 0, Great Collins. not, call. 6400 X's AA A t0 ,(""'i "" Mortgage, no first class pro c5wöV/VJU early apply) to Messrs. Smith and William soft sort, Pt, Collins' first I, cast. 8513 j As O A AAA IIIEtinilurilRiieilMeliiitriioleilto ¿V«iUjvWi Invcttthonhovuiiimlntliopiirohnio of good Improved City or Suburban Property. Parties having any) property of this description for disposal, SIR I Eisele communicate forthwith. P, DAVIS Hill C O , 61 ty Mart, is, C filling street, rust. MHS ADVANCE S- 1 Hit ral advances Hitherto on consign. it id. by Hussey, Bond and Hale, corner of Collins and W telling stories Consignment! tells lied to the serious losses), Bond and Hale in Batt I rim olsen, C Torilla will NO T ICE In Butchers min Other - The tin consigned are purchasers of mutton mi a beef hat, and tallow, at the market price, delivered at their stores, I), tons, dale street, east, and at their works, Kensington, near Flemington BENN on I CO CHUS motin) Hillier of the Western District -is not I. the undersigned 1 is a cash prizes ever of the ensuing _ to Iviinues in all doiorlpthmi of Colonial Produce consigned to their friend. Messrs Baring, Brothers, and Co. GOODMAN * UMt'lll.EHY, 8, Collins street 8 WE MOM 1 to ho I put in Moituiigetin I resided Hock. rll) i apply to Messrs. JENMMJ3 & COO li:, tjoUultori, Miluouuw, boy Medical. A PHYSICIAN of great practical experience, wishes to treat with a Chemist and Druggist for accom- , modation to see patients, and prescribe, daily ) address U 5, office of this paper. 640a IMMiGRANTS' Aid Society Mr. barley attends at the Dispensary, Houseless Immigrants ' Home, Canvass Town, daily, from 9 to 11. Also, at the office of the Society, comer of Collins-street and Swanston- street daily, from 13 to 1, for the purpose of furnishing medical advice giatultously.and In cases of destitution, medicines also. JAMES BLACKBURN, Honorary Secretary. Mrs ACCINATION.-Mr. O'Reilly, Surgeon, e., at home for Vaccination every morning, from 15 to in, at his residence, 105, Collins street, west. 8395 MR. E. FLETCHER, Surgeon, has removed to 8, Lonsdale-street, west, opposite Passmore's Commercial Hotel, where he may be consulted as usual before ten a.m., at two pair, and after six in the evening. Mr. Fletcher may also be consulted every morning at eleven o'clock, at Mr, Dennis's, chemist, 102, Klug-strcot._»0J9 EDWARDLANE, Dispensing Chemist, opposite the Shepherd's Arms, Smith-street, Collingwood. Edward Land, late of the Melbourne Hospital, begs to inform the medical profession and the public, that he has established himself in the above locality as a Ms, pening Chemist, and trusts, by constant attention, together with a thorough knowledge the business, to receive their support. 8657 MONSIEUR L. A. BEURTEAUX, Dentist, after a successful practice of his profession for seven years, has great pleasure to state that he may be consulted at his room, upper chambers, 07, Swanston street, from nine till five daily. The latest improvements received from London adopted. Monsieur I), visits Geelong the last three days of each month, at Mack's Hotel. M. 1). begs to state that he had no connection with he chemist's establishment, 8791 0 CHEMISTS AND DRUGGISTS, and General Storekeepers in town and country's. H. Williams, Wholesale Druggist, begs to inform his friends and the trade generally, that he has made arrangements for carrying out the wholesale drug business in such a manner as shall secure the approval of all those who may favor him with their orders. G. R. W. has been long established in the drug trade, and has now so extensively increased his stock, as to be in a position thoroughly to execute all orders entrusted to his care. From the long and varied experience G. R. W. has had in London, and from his present connections with the first houses In L'ngliuul, all drugs and chemicals can be relied on as of the best quality, and at the lowest remunerative profits. Ordi rs from the country, Forest Creek, Bendigo, and other diggings, Immediately at. tended to. Great Brunswick-street, Collingwood, Melbourne 64203 It. E. J. WILSON (late of Great Coram street, Russell-square, London,) Is residing at Richmond, opposite the residence of James Henty, Esquire; at home for consultation until half past ten, am. 687 EDICAL.-Mil. E. W. PILGRIM, Member of the Royal Colle go of Surgeons, London, Ileen Rate of Apothecaries' Hall, London, has commenced the practice of his profession at Embly Park, Moorabool River. 2359 FOR stopping Decayed Teeth The Enamel Cement, for stopping Decayed Teeth, however large the cavity. It is placed in the tooth in a soft state, without any pressure or pain, and soon becomes as hard at the enamel, and will remain firm In the tooth for many years, rendering extraction unnecessary, and arresting the further progress of decay. All persons can use the Cement themselves, with ease, as full directions are enclosed At Mr. Eskell's, Surgeon Dentist, Collins street, opposite the Mechanics' institute. 1861 MEDICAL Dr. Mahony, formerly in practice In Port Adelaide. may he consulted daily, at 143, Flinders-lane, east, having commenced practice there. 3533 ÏMMIClltANT.S AID SOCIETY. Notice is hereby given, that the above Society has organized a temporary Sick Ward and Dispensary, at the HoutoUtt immigrants Home, Canvass Town, where Dr. Early may be consulted gratuitously daily from nine to eleven am,, and medicines procured at moderate charges, or grates In cases of destitution. JAMES BLACKBURN, hon Secretary. June 18th, 1853. 63161 TO the Chemists, Druggists, and Surgeons of Collingwood, Richmond, and surrounding neighbor- hood.- O. R. WILLIAMS, Wholesale Druggist, begs to inform the trade that he had not completed, his tr' rangement! for entering thoroughly into the wholesale department, and trusts by prompt attention to business and supplying every article or the heat quality and at reasonable prices, to obtain a share of their support. N 11.-Tho entrance to the wholesale warehouse li from King William-street, at the rear or the present premises, Great Brunswick-street, Collingwood, Melbourne. 296 KAYE'S Worsdell Pills may now be had wholesale, at 58 Little Collins-street, east. Wm. B. Taylor, agent. 30 80 HAYE"S Infants'Itestoratlve.whol.salo, at 58 Little Collins-street, east. Wm. B. Taylor, agent. 3081 K DU. HILA, recently one of the Physicians to the Adelaide Hospital, lily be consulted at his rest ttenco, 105, Hinders line, east, near Russell-street. 418 CARD- Dr 17 Bao Menzies, Member of the Royal College Surgeons of Edinburgh, lately medical officer of the city parish of Glasgow, 161, Swanston street, opposite the Hospit to 6134 11\. HALLETT, Member of the Royal College of Surgeons and of the Apothecaries' Company of London, Surgeon of the 5th Regiment of Jersey Royal Militia, also late surgeon to the West Herts County) Infirmary, and Assistant Colonial Surgeon, Portland, Pte. Residence ? Smith street, between Shepherds' Arms and Collingwood Brewery), Collingwood. May be consulted daily, it one, of Mr. Ford's, Chemist, 07, Swanston-street ISIS TO the Inh whiting and Clergy of Mollotirnoaud 10 vicinity. efficacious cure for corns, bunions, callosities, Ac , without cutting or causing the slightest pal", by Mr. Van Meppolt, Chiropodist, from the firm of Van Mop. pelt and bona, 105, Oxford-street, London. Mr Van Moppett s s) stem is at once novel and based upon long experience. It has received the sanction of the nobility and gentry in England, he having by careful study and watches) -three years' practice, rendered himself master of the branch or surgical art In which he his when so long engaged May he consulted daily at 81 Collins-street east, next to the Yiyili office, from 10 till 5, where upwards of GMO testimonials may be inspected from medical gentlemen from all parts of England, which have been presented to him many) years aller attendance Ladies and gentlemen attended at their own residence, by giving a days notice. Consultation Free WS MR. Louis Lawrence built at home for consultation gram from 8 till 11, and from 5 till 9, 197' Un. it Bourke street, east, near the Newmarket Hotel, a 109 Felt M'CIIE VNE, Surgeon and Accoucheur, hu \s commenced practice at Sandridge, where he can Ira consulted daily. 0540 silo Stirgtoivt, Chemists, Wu. - 1 or disposal, t A Chemist and Druggist. hardness In a rapidly lay proving neighborhood I apply to James Warr, Blue M4 spirit merchant, etc,, Seed yard, Flinders lane, east, H 23» SUA H. Scab. Scab. Anthony Green, Veterinary Surgeon, 73, Queen-street, guarantees to treat a cure of the above disease, in any of its stages, with less than half the usual expense, time, and trouble, Mr. G. has had ten Mars' experience In the word alfccUd flocks in England, and up to the time he left had not a single case failed to his knowledge, The means hero had recourse to, are based upon principles both scientific and practical, the result of years' strict observation i his treatment not only ciTvuliiiilly cures the disease, In the majority of cases the first dressing, but Increases the growth of wool, with a very marked improvement in the quality. Mr. O. would feel happy to answer any communications from the Wimmera, Geelong, or any other part of the colony { addressed as above July '28th, 1853. 509 Grazing Paddocks. DANDENONG Grazing Paddock, adjoining the township of Dandenong, twenty miles from Melbourne i horses and bullocks will be received. It. C. WALKER. Nell. Edward Cousins, the showman of Messrs. Bear and Son's Hiilii.yinl (where can be seen every day), will send stock to the paddock for parties. 6001, O YENS Gold rich). Parties proceeding to the above gold field can have their horses properly attended to by having them forwarded to the Woorajay Station, on Held Creek, two miles from the lower Spring Creek Diggings, The cattle are called out and the day on first. rate feed, and put into a large and secure paddock at night. Terms, five shillings a head per week. 138 MOUNT ARARAT I'liddiHiks.-13,001) acres, fenced ss-From 1st April, the terms for grazing will be JCJ it. per annum, or a loss parlour, payable on removal. No responsibility. No entire stock admitted. N.M. Horses taken to the paddocks and ro-0.«1lrer«d at P. Mllrlck's Vluturln Stables, Swanston. street, every Thursday, at very moderate charges. 399 S. HENRY CLUTTERBUCK. 1,01 property. BOAT picked up near East Water River, about j A. IH foot long, black outside and blue Brisbane, and no name on it the owner can have her by paying ex-. ponies i apply to R. MORGAN. Boat Builder, south side of the Yarra, near the Punt, Wool Washing pitee, Melbourne, Saturday, July 51, 151, o HO sOUND, between Melbourne and Kilmore, a Pocket * Book. Tohoihtlmcd within a-day, as the flicker is about leaving till colonies. Apply to McConachy, Mccallum and Co., Swanston-street. louis FOUND, on the road from Melbourne to Sandridge I t Watch and Guard E apply by letter, describing properly, to Melin. JNO. and CEO. MARTIN, Flinders street 10033 Fu _ be had by time for minute tloierhitlon, mail ex. Orontes. Apply to Mr. Sweetman, Port Phillip Eating. House, Sandridge._1)708 AUUlllTEOTUltAL Drawing liiitriimonli.-I.ott' t mahogany e no of the above, in patent black leather cover, Any person bringing the same to Messrs. Wmib'i, architects, Colllns-street, will be Iwiidiomoly Itowardid. am TAYLOR AND LEITH!, of Baiutrlitgo (Islands A Birrell), and New Wharf, Hobart Town, beg to announce to their friends and the public generally, that having now completed the erection of extensive stores at Siiiiili'ldgo, they are prepared to receive Consign, meats of every description of Goods, Their long experience in the Colonial markets, is his best guarnnli'O they can offer to those who may |><i pleased to entrust goods to their care, enteritis at It does, a ready sale and quick return, Nell. If required, advances will be made to Con. signed on as I iliuorl|itloiis of woollen, July 9th, 1863, KOS WIFE and Spirit Stores. BENJAMIN WILLIAMS SONS, 14 Great Bourke street, west, having removed their business from Swanston-street to the above commodious premises, are enabled to offer to families, the trade, and storekeepers, considerable advantages In quality, quantity, and price, of the following foods, a portion only of their stock, namely: Martell's and Hennessy's brandy, in nhill., quarter casks, and cases Jamaica, III., and other cases Case. Geneva, Old Tom, and Scheltlara Port, sherry, champagne, claret, and various choice wines lemon syrup, raspberry vinegar Ginger wine, liqueurs, fe, Ale and porter in wood and bottle, cider Flour, best Adelaide Witto, American, in barrels Tea, in whole, hair, and quarter chests sugar, butter, cheese Pickles, Sauces, Oatmeal Rice, cigars, tobacco Bran, maize, oats Hams, bacon, «s«."_«1823* ELIIOUHNE HOUSE To the Residents of St. Kilda and Brighton-a beg to call your attention to our Slots of Wines, Spirits, Beers., which for quality is equal to any stock in Melbourne, having been carefully selected by us from the best markets. Martell'. «J»"» brandy In cases 1 they intend Jo. pale do. In do. J Other brandies In bottles and on draught Lowndes' Altona gin In I and 2 dozen ham , Key brand Geneva do. Heat Jamaica rum Hunter's best pale sherry Dun" Gordon's brown sherry Do. pale sherry Olney choicest old port Sweet Lisbon wine Byass's porter, ale, etc, With which we can supply families at Katterns prices. WM. NORTON, v CO., Melbourne House, Grey, street, St. Kilda._«1*3 NOTICE OF REMOVAL J. P BROWNE, read moved from their Store, 83, Collins- street, west, to their Store at the corner of William-street and Great Bourke- street, have on sale Pale and brown brandy, In hills, and qr. casks Cltaiiipagne(tiiieatSlllcry), Claret, cases Rum, W. I 8 to 10 O P., in hhds. >? Sherry, in trials. and qr. casks. , oats, bran, maize, and saddlery, daily expected. 21st February, 1B53._«37» FOR SALE, at the Court lug House of the Under signed Rum and brandy, In hall, and case Whisky, In casks Geneva, in cases Port, In cases Sherry, In hints, qr-casks, octaves and Miss Teneriffe, lner. cask Champagne Hock Claret Vidonia Bucellas. J. B. WERE V CO. Melbourne, June If, MR. 9348 INE and Spirit Stores, adjoining the Union Bank. -The undersigned has on Sale, at import prices, BiuiWT-Martell's, In and out often RUM Jamaica and East India, do. do. WaiäT Islay and Campbelltown, do. do. do. Do. do. in bottle OtsnjA-Key brand I'oat Wi. Hunt's, Sandeman's, one diamond, two diamonds, and three diamonds SUBIIT-Burdon'», and other favorite brands paid an gordon ALE Alsop's and Banks POMS»-Whitbread'» Also, Lisbon, dry and sweet wines Champagne Claret Cordials, Syrups, Pte. A. CAMPBELL BROWN. Melbourne, February at, 1833. 386 THE American Stores. - Wholesale and Reta i Grocery, Wine and Spirits CHARLES L. MORRIS at CO. take pleasure in announcing to their numerous friends and the public in general, that they have commenced business in those well-known premises 1, Flinders-lane, west. Having a large and carefully selected stock, they feel assured they can make it for the interest of all those wishing an article which can be depended upon to purchase of them, being fully determined to sell nothing but the purest spirits and the best of groceries, and by that means to merit and receive a full share of the public patronage. To those at the mines they would most respectfully say, as they have made arrangements with carriers to Bendigo, Forest Creek, and Milverton carry for them twice a week. Particular attention will be paid to all orders which they may be favored with, and at the same time sending such as can best suit all. 8703 Hotels and «toftoabmemt moons. THE Great Britain Hotel, Minden Street. Wharf. RICHARD EVANS HILL begs to intimate his friends and the commercial public of Melbourne, that he hu«ucceedetl Mr IV. Pelling at proprietor of the above commodious and well situated hotels and while soliciting their patronage, he assured them that no effort shall wanting on his part to merit the lame Illa stock of Finn and spirits had been replenished with the choicest assortment the market could offer j while his bottled and draught ale and porter are of the best and most approved brands. ConvmerclM Gentlemen III and that arrangements have been made for afford- ing the accommodation so essentially necessary to the business locality. Settler! and (Gentlemen from the Interior, whose business requires their occasional presence in the metropolis of Victoria, will meet with all the comforts of home ; while the proximity of the hotel to the principal wool and produce mart, renders it eminently suited to their requirements. To Captain! of Vessels, and others of maritime pursuits, they hotel tlondiA 1 for good situation, good wines, and good fare. Kamlllei newly arrived tra respectfully reminded that they may go further and fare forte the proprietor having. In the varied alterations and improvements he has effected, paid especial regard to the comforts required after a long sea-voyage. An Ordinary every day at one o'clock. OJJU GLEN LYON INN, Western Port District, tour mile! from Spring Creek Diggings, nutt eight from Sailor«'Crick-C. R. Phillips begs to intimate to all friends and III. public, that he has purchased the above premises, and obtained the transfer from Mr. Murray, said that it is as replete as possible with every attraction. The house affords ample accommodation for to relieve, the situation in one of the most healthy and delightful in the neighborhood, and the proprietor feels assured that the arrangements will he found such u cannot full to insure the entire approbation or those who may honor him with their patronage. Neither palm nor expense have been started In securing a first rate stock, and the services of efficient tenants to carry out the object of the proprietor, to secure satisfaction to all. Good Stabling and an extensive paddock well watered by the Cod Ion, which run through It. Diggers' lionel taken in at 10s per week. 3020 THE Oxford University and City Coffee Hotel. Thomas C. Gosling begs respectfully) to announce to ill friends and the public generally, that in order to meet the requirements of ladies, gentlemen, and families arriving at Hill the great centre of the gold fields, and the Casino town for surrounding district!, he has built its large and commodious promises In Littleton street, near the Presbyterian Church, and within one minute a walkf the Market, where, by strict attention to the comfort and convenience of his guests, he hopes to be favored with a liberal amount of patronage. An Ordinary at 'i p m. N H - Good kills and Stabling. Castlemaine, March 22nd, 1853. Sill OVENS ROAD Travellers are informed! that and after the 1st Jill) next, good accommodation, first rate wines, spirits, and refrtiluncnt«, wlllhcaup piled at the new township of Greta, formerly known as the Fifteen Mile Creek, situated halfway between Benalla and Wangaratta, where a pit ii form a general license has been granted to Mr. A. M. Holway, under the sign of the GOLD SEEKERS' INN. Mr. Hfllwey being well acquainted with the require- ment! or travel on to and from the gold fields, trusts by strict attention an 1 equal child) to all classes, to merit the support or the public travelling on the road. Blahi'ng, hay, corn, itotk.)nrtli, pudding ki. 0703 ROYAL MAIL HOTEL, BUNINYONG-James Porter respt carefully begs to announce to his friends and the public, that the above establishment is now open for their reception, and trusts that the arrangements that have been made to ensure the comfort of all parties visiting the house, will secure him a fair share of p iron age and support The premises having been erected for the express purpose, an I regardless of expense, will be found replete with every) convenience, pollening main upon private apartments, both for sitting and bed-rooms In the chair department no more have been spared in selecting a flock of v, lies and spirits of every variety, and of the best quality. Ales and porter of the best brands, In draught and bottle, flood lighting, and a small secure paddock for the convenience or parties travelling with stock. Pnlr.liorio vehicles for town, . any part of the Diggings, third . In condition. July 1st, 1353. mee FLEMINGTON Hotel, Livery and Bait Stable., Charles. Whitbourne, late trainer and stud groom to D, G Simpson, Esq, beg! most respectfully to inform settlers, and persons travelling to and from the diggings, it has taken those commodious and well, known stables, bullock and sheep yards, and trusts by strict attention and civility, to merit a share of public Patronage, Oats, hay, and oats straw on reasonable Union, Horses broken to saddle and harness. 8301 Miscellaneous. IJAItTIKS Repairing Tolitflrouiiil, or ground for the . purpose of temporary buildings, and have the above by communicating with Mr Mackay, La Trehearne, of Collins-street. 0433 REMOVAL. Newell, Hooper, and Stevens have removed from OrrVJliilldlngs, Flinders-lane west, to corner of (Queen and Collins-streets up stairs entrance In Qucru-itrccL_7831 SKITTLliH.-To the Howled Air, a superior Gold Repeater, at the PrUo Hklltlo Ground, near the Rochester Cattle, Collingwood, Louise-street. 11044 fM) Importers of Household Furniture, Oil Paintings, JL and Friends Engine lugs. The most centrally. situated with extensive Store and Hale Round in Melbourne, are 1, Murray's Hull Alloy Stores, Little Bourke-street, where any quantity of Imported sepulture eau hu uii|uiokeil, lind systematically arranged for pull. Hu sale. Owing to the Mioriiiom extent of side will, show rooms are the heat in the city for displaying oil Paintings and Irumril engraving!, being I'upalilo or ox. tilling admit duty pictures at uno tim»'._1000» rTMll'.UH are letters for the iiiuloniieulliiiii'il at clergy J. Anderson's, no, i:il».ahetli street i John Mnlyiieiix, 4 letters, ) newspaper Andrew Miignven, 3 letters Julius Noller, 1 Idler George Wyatt, 1 do. (Huirlos Knowles, 1 do. James Butter. 1 do. The parties will oblige by Calling for them as? early as possible, . AWU T Tenders. ,-. TO Cuntrtrtira.-Tendera are required for the floor shows and tdtilHoni to a Shop in Collins-street, east; apply t the Office of the undersigned, Arthur Nelson, 3, Eomdtle-itreet, west. 919 EWEs ARE and Water Commission. undera will be received at till Office until Wednesday, 10th day of August next, from parties willing to tender for the grubbing er stubbing up the timber on the lite of the proposed reservoir, at Yan Yean on the Upper Plenty. Particulars may be had at the Engineer'! Office, Town Hall, Melbourne at the Pilgrim Inn, the Plough Inn, and the Bridge Inn, til on the Plenty-road, or from Mr. 1 Taylor, the AisUtantEiiglnocr, on the ground. The tender may be either for the whole or part, and parties tendering must be prepared to commence oper colony immediately. Grace of Commissioner of Bowen, site., Town Hill, Melbourne. 23rd July, 1853." 8105 O Builders Tenders, will be received at the Office of the undersigned, until Thursday, 28th left., for Erection of a Blue Stone Store in Kingstreet j apply for all Information to WUAHTON * BURNS, Arch!, tests, Collins Jtrect._»«l8 COLONIAL Engineer's Office, Melbourne, 15th July, 1853. Approach to Prince'! Bridge. Titilen 1911 he received until eleven o'clock on the, day, the 28th day of July, next, from parties willing to contract for work required in repairing the approaches to the Prince's Bridge. Plans and specifications can be seen, and further particulars obtained, on application to the Colonial Engineer's Office. The tender endorsed, a Tendon for Repairing the Approaches to the Prince's Bridge," to be deposited in the Tender Box, at the entrance to the Audit Office. The Government will not necessarily accept the low cost, army under. SAM. CHAS. BUEES, Act. Col. Engineer. 1933 SYDNEY ROAD. -Tenders will be received until one o'clock on the 28th July last., from parties willing to contract for pitching and metalling about fifty-three (53) charm of the Sydney Road, near the Young Queen Inn, according to plan and specification to be been to the office of the Inspector-General of Roads, Willlam-street, Melbourne. Tenders endorsed "Tender for Sydney Road, to be forwarded, prepaid, to the President of the Central Road Board, Melbourne. The Board will not necessarily accept the lowest or any tender. Central Road Board Omeo, Melbourne, at the July, 1853. 1858 TO Contractors Tenders will be received by me upon Monday, the first of August, for the whole or several works required in the erection of a stone store, of two floors, In Elizabeth street, for Messrs. Cox, Shaw, and Co. Plans and the specification may be Inspected at my office. It. D. O. RUSSELL, architect, 33 Collins street, west. 2775 TO Contractors. Tende" are required for the mucus' and carpenter!' work (labor only) to be done in the erection of the basement [portion of a new Independent chapel, Oxford-street, Collingwood i plan and specification may be seen at my office, where tenders will be received until Wednesday, 3rd August. ALFRED T. SNOW, Architect, Elizabeth-street. 8731 TO Carpenters Tenders are invited for the carpenter's work of two stores In Russell-street, the tenders to he delivered at the office of the undersigned, on Friday, at twelve o'clock, noon. CHARLES LAING, No. 30, Swanston-street. 15th July, 1853. 056. STORAGE. The undersigned ready on Monday, 1st August, to store merchandise at current rates, 317, Great Bourke. street, west, a few doors below King-street. H. N. Loughnan. 9330 TO Quarrymen Tenders will be received by me until 3rd August for the supply or blue stone for the above chapel; ALFRED T. SNOW, Architect, 79, Elliabeth-itreet._S733 TO Bulldera.-Tandon are required for the several works to be done In noting galleries to St. Ste- phen'! Church, Richmond. The plant and specifications to be seen at the office of the undersigned, to whom tenders are to be sent by Monday, list of August. J. St C. WEBB, Architects, 139 Collins street, west. 8607 Horses, Sheep, Cattle, We. ONE of the best fattening runs in the Billabong district, with 13,000 Fat Sheep. -The run is estimated to depasture 18, 000 and the sheep now depasturing thereon, consist of about 9500 wethers and about 3500 ewes, the greater part of which are now in prime condition. Apply to BEAR à BOYS, Queen-street, Melbourne. Gill A DRAUGHT HORSE for Sale, warranted staunch to the collar; apply to Francis Lnkey,Naplor.|treot, Collingwood, opposite Mr. Blackett's, chemist. 936 AY HOUSE for Sale, suitable for draught, hair moss, or saddle ; apply to Mitchell and Amtey, 131, Bourke-street, west, corner of William-street. ._0454 A LARGE extent of Winter Sheep Country. Bear and Son have been instructed to offer for sale an extent of country capable of fattening in the winter sea- in almost any number of sheep, described as follows: Commencing at the north west corner of G. P. Bald run, and bounded on the south by a line bearing west about twenty miles, on the west by a line bearing north about twenty-four miles to the south west corner of Stanbridge's'! run, on the north partly by Stnnhrhlgo'i run, and a continuation of its southern thundery, a line coat about twenty miles, and on the east by a line bearing south about twenty-four miles to the point of coin . mencement. DBAItAaOM_-_ 403 HEEDING EWES. For tale, on the station of the undersigned, Seymour, Goulburn River, 3100 sheep, as under : 3300 5 and 6 tooth ewes 500 full mouth do. And , 350 4 and 6 tooth wethers. 3100 head. Warranted never to have been directed, NICHOL. SON A ROACH, or Mr. JOHN MACKENZIE, Queen street. 4106 SHEEP and Station. Brow and M'Kean have received Instructions from the proprietor to sell a splendid fattening Stationer the Blllebong, The sheep consist of 3000 splendid aged wether COO mixed ow os and wethers, from 3 to 3 years old 3600 One dray, with four bullocks, stock-horse, Ac, given in with the Station. The sheep are guaranteed free from disease. The State is of the most fattening description, composed entirely of plains, and embraces a large frontage to the main Haicheng Creek. The proprietor is about starting In a few days, and will be glad to show the Station and Stock to really Intending purchasers. This Station will be sold cheap for cash. 60, Bourke-street, west. 8473 BRUNSWICK. Now is your time for a bargain. Two Teams of Bullocks for sale, ten In each team, with gear complete. John Tregilgus, Brunswick, near Melbourne. 8931 HORSES -For sale, 30 unbroken horse, rising 3 and rising 4 years old, with liberty to break in upon the station, about 60 miles from Melbourne. For particulars, apply at No. 60 Little Collins-street, west, Melbourne. 5000 HORSES, Horses. For Sale, two staunch Horses, to be seen at the Stables of the undersigned, near the Wallington Hotel, by the Government Paddock, Richmond-John Anketell. 6087 TO li. Sold, a grey draught line, warranted launch a plan, a new Dray and Hames. To be mu opposite Mr. Tlvlan't shoeing large, Madeline. Itmt, head of Swanston-street. 0843 SHEEP for Sale About 4000 sheep, with a very heavy fleece of the finest wool, and perfectly clean. They are of both sexes, with about 808 lambs, now dropped, and several hundred to drop. About 1000 fit for the butcher. Will be allowed to remain upon their present run to 1st November next. Apply in Melbourne to Mr. J. II.MTarlaiie, lit 111, Great Collins, street, east, or at Deep Creek, where the sheep may be sent, to Mr. RICHARD BRODIE. 1907 To Cold levers. TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERT-The nearest and best route from the Ovens to the Bendigo is by the Broken River, Maguire's Punt, Culbin Alihyn, late the station of Edward Curr, Esq ; the Cam. a curio Inn, and thence by Mr, Leytiott's station to the lendlgo._4104 BALAARAT-Loading forwarded twice a-week to the above Diggings from the Subscribers' offices. J. SI'Cnrmack and Son, Forwarding Agents, Labor Market. SDF TO Persons going to Bendigo A two horse dray will start for Bendigo front the Australia Felix old, Bourke-street, cast, on Thursday, 28th. 0738 THE Undersigned takes leave to return his most sin. thanks to the Public and Diggers In general. T A. unit unionist is time a mining MIHI Progress 11 remain, for their liberal patronage during his stay at Forest Creek and Bendigo, at which latter place he still re- mains In the time Imslness, But having succeeded in procuring a license as Polillo Auctioneer, who is getting up "A Gold Digger' Auction Mart, at Golden, square: days of sale, Tuesday and Wednesday, and the View Point t days of sale, Friday and Saturday, To be ready and fit for business on distils April. Any parties having horses, cattle, stock, or goods of any kind, will find it to their advantage by entrusting them to my care, us I dare large and safe enclosures for cattle, and good houses Air storing goods, which will always be free of charge, to customers (for their goods, to. Hold consigned to my agents. Messrs. Herring and Moody, Cold brokers, Great Col(lna.»tri'ot, west. Melbourne, at 9 per cent., where the full value is given, at the price current at the time of the arrival there. Having large stables at the Auction Mart, Customers' horses will be stabled free, and provender sold cheap at my Stores. Pa. Money advanced on goods full Air sale, JAMES BROWN. Bendigo. N.B. Though having succeeded in getting an Ano tenderer's Licence, 1 still keep the same number of stores, where good of all kinds are sold a cheap as usual. SOUTH DIGGERS-try Bowed and Co.'s Remedies for ills cased Eyes, six shillings! for Dysentery, half's crew of Liniment for llli«iimntl«m, two shillings £100 La Trobe street, east. Agents wanted. 0913 THOMAS HIDE beg most respectfully to inform his Aih'luldo and Melbourne friends, and the public generally, that he has opened a General Store, No. II, llniirkc.slrt't't, adjoining Messrs, Hyuinui and Perry's muddle rooms, where he intends to tell all dea orlplloM tif goods, wholesale and retail, on the small profit and quick return principle, for ready money. NEWS OUST. Minting and dub Work done by J, Craw. shaw all kinds of Bhtokainllha' work executed on the) shortest notice. N.B. Terms liberal. J, Craw. star, black snake, between Girls' EWES now (lit Swim In! lllulituouil, neig CautloB. ROBBERY. Union Bank of Australia-the public are hereby cautioned against receiving Notes poJU porting to be the issue of this Bank, and of the denial. season and numbers nndonnoiitloncil a case; of Note Forms having been stolen from the ship Stratheden, in Hobson's Bay, and put in circulation with Forged pipe nature ; it, No. 160,001 to No. 172,000 ' 5, 42,000 " 46,000 10, from No. 7,ooi and upwards SO, " 6,001 " CO, ,, 1 to No. 1,000 J. BLACKWOOD, MttuvgaK ' July S, 185?. 10s NOTICE-All parties who have left boxes or bags of any kind at the stores of Alexander Wilson, Flinders-street, are requested to remove the said goods I early as possible, the room being required for other purposes. ALEX. WILSON, NEPHEW, st CO. July 1st, 1863. Ms BLAIR, Mr If the box left by you at the Sydney 13 Hotel be not removed within fourteen days, it will be sold to defray expenses._93M COQUET. Capt. King hereby gives notice that In will not be liable for any debts that may be come' traded by his crew COS CAUTION-I, the undersigned, do hereby caution the public against purchasing a bay Mare, switch tail, two near feet white, branded WI near shoulder JC off side neck, MF conjoined near side neck ; star on forehead, and snip or broken his. Stolen from Old borne offer about the 13th. THOMAS FARRELL. Gisborne, 15th July, 1863.' 8346 NOTICE to Depository of Passengers'' Luggage and Boxes at Pickford, Greville and Co's, stows. All persons having luggage and boxes stores! (not men handles) are hereby required to remove their property from the above Store on or before the 31st day of July, 1853, or they will be sold by auction. PICK FORD, GREVILLE and CO., Fl!nu«r»-»trcot. Julyyth._al» NOTICE to Butchers, Cattle-dealers, Ac. All per. sons are cautioned from purchasing Cattle branded SIM off side, MS off rump, as none have been sold from the station. JOHN P. ROWE, Restdown Campaspe COW OTIC. Notlce Is hereby given, that unless the black Horse, branded H S near shoulder, and S under saddle near side, sent to our paddock by George Mitchell, Kyneton, on the 16th August last, be removed within one month from this date, it will be sold to do fray the expenses. T. and C. PEEVOB, Langley. Mount Macedon. 30th July, 1853._83M NOTICE-All parties having drays, saddle, or harness at our yards, are requested to remove the same within one month from this date, or the articled will be then sold by auction, to defray expenses, who.. then left for sale with reserves, or otherwise. June 14th, 1853. M. McCAW A C. 7663 NOTICE to Depository of Passengers' Luggage and Boxes at Pickford, Greville and Co.'s Stores. All persons having luggage and boxes stored, (not men. chandise) are hereby required to remove their property from the above Stores on or before the 31st day of July, 1888 or they will be sold by auction. PICKFORD, GREVILLE and CO., Flinders-street. July 6th. 400 IF John Carty does not call and release the Ilona that he left in my charge, within fourteen days from t Ills date, he shall be sold to pay expenses. Roan horse, branded TR near shoulder. JAMES YEOMANS. Little Bourke-street. 6018 -NEW REWARD. Union Bank of Australia. dwOUU Wlicreat a Box containing blank forms of Notes shipped in London, per Stratheden, for the Mel bourne Branch of the Union Bank of Australia but beer stolen from the lighter or wharf and some of the notes circulated with Forged Signatures. The public are cautioned against taking such forgeries; and a Reward of RICO. is hereby offered to any person who will give such. Information of will lead to the conviction of the thief or thieves, and recovery of the Notes. BLACK WOOD Manager. 1000 TEN POUNDS REWARD-The undermentioned Seamen having deserted from the Danish army Chemtka, the above reward. will be given to any party on such Information being laid down as will lead to their apprehension. Royal Danish Consulate, J. B; WERE. Niel Rommel of Nil Lundbek Ham Jemen Enemies Him Peter Kofnrt,_IMÊ FOUR POUNDS REWARD.-Strayed from a Paddock at South Yarra, t light Grey Home, nearly white, but ticked with small brown spots, on flea-bitten j switch tall ! branded on near ribs with a half circle and bar. Has marks of being lately blistered all round. Also a Bay Pony, branded F near shoulder, and with a white patch on one of the hind fetlocks. Any one bringing the above, or furnishing satisfactory information to Mr. BALBIRNIE, Balmerino House, South Yarra, will receive the Reward of two pounds for each homestead TEN POUNDS REWARD-Stolen or Strayed from near Aitken's Gap, on Friday but, one large black Entire Horse, star in forehead, mottled nose, two hind feet white, no visible brand. Whoever will give such Information to the undersigned u will lead to the recovery of the laid home, shall receive Five Pounds II strayed, or Ten Pounds on the conviction of the offenders. JAMES WRIGHT, timber merchant- Mel bourne, 15th May, 1853._Í34M ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. Ab, seconded from our store, about 18th Hty lad, Michael Thomas Stacy Walsh, taking with him a sum of money the above Reward will be given to any person who died give such information as shall lead to his apprehension he is a young man, about 3 feet 9 locket In height, fresh complexion, dark hair, blue or grey eyes, and wears a moustache), by applying to Charles Mackellar and Co., storekeepers. Nine Mile Creek, Ovens. or James Hemphill and Gotapauy, Melbourne, shall receive the above Reward. June 1st, 1853. Mil TEN POUNDS BE WA RD. Stolen, from the Malt Station, Little River, Melbourne-road, on theifUiw noon of the 14th instant One darkly Horse, black points, branded JC on off side neck, sore on near the neck, done by the collar, similar to loam, about three inches long. One bright bay Horse, white face, branded on off side neck TG, near hind and near fore foot white, with a bar on near shoulder. The turn of Ten Pounds! will be paid to any party with may find the above- described horses, and bring to conviction the thief or thieves, or a sum of Two Pounds (£3) per head will be paid to any party delivering Uta all horses to the Mail Station, Little River. THOMAS GIBSON. Geelong, May 15th, 1853. 5453T CAUTION to Poundkeepers and Others. Lost or Stolen, about fifty miles from Melbourne, on Uta Ovens River Road : A chesnut draught Mare, so brand!, Illvcry miM and Lill, rather large Joints, Also, a bay draught Horse, branded JP near shoulder from a paddock near Melbourne. Aim, n black draught Mare, branded S near shoulder near hind fetlock white, from a paddock In Little Brighton. Any person bringing the same to G. COATES, Port Phillip Club Hotel Stables, or giving turn Infbrmtttoa a will lead to their recovery, shall receive Five Pounds for the chestnut mare, and Three Pounds each for the other two. east ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. Whereas) a bay Mare, thorough bred, black points, branded TW conjoined on shoulder. No. 43, arrow over 4. If hands high, aged, was stolen from the Edwards River during my absence. The above mare was stolen from near Deniliquin, Edwards River. The above Reward to be paid on conviction of the thief or parties concerned in the robbery. JAMES MONKS. Campbell's Creek, July 7th, 1853. 398 CAUTION to Auctioneers, Poundkeepers, and OtherS. Strayed or Stolen from Irishtown Plenty-road, a Hay I horse, branded MM off shoulder, with slight blaze around the eyes, if Strayed, a Its ward of Five Pounds will be given on delivery of the same to Mr. Edward Wood, at his Grocery Store, Darebin Creek, and if stolen, Ten Pounds will be paid on conviction of the thief. 337 CAUTION to Poundkeepers, Auctioneers, stones Reward of £5 each horse. Stolen from the paddock of the undersigned, at Craigie Burn, on the Sydney, road, on the 1st or 2nd Inst, two Horseshoe. One bay horse, branded H near shoulder, blemish near fore) foot, caused by hobbies. One chesnut horse, branded ER near shoulder, star on forehead, near hind foot white, collar-marked on both shoulders. The horses) are named Bob and Sam. Whoever may give information that will lead to the recovery of the Horns or conviction of the thief, will receive the above Reward by applying to Mr. Thomas Taylor, at Mr. Rowley's, tailor, Elizabeth-street, Melbourne. EDWARD BRADLEY, Craigie Burn. 4th July, 1864, 1868 NOTICE to Poundkeepers and Others. Stolen or Strayed, from Winter's Flat, on the 27th May, a black horse, branded off shoulder, horseshoe near shoulder, H off mane, and square tail, rising a years old. A Reward of £1 will he paid on delivering the same to Morrison's store, Winter's Flat for 15 on conviction of the thief, if st Ben. It. A. MOTHER, BON. 623 day, from the village or Heidelberg, a Golding, In hobbles, branded CM near shoulder, fal AO or buck. Any person bringing the same Mr. O'Donahue, at Heidelberg, will receive the above. July 10th, 1873. _«»BO T TWO POUNDS REWARD. Stolen or Strayed, a Bay Mare, branded WD off neck under inn he, left last on the W Creek with her foal. Whoever will bring the same to JAMES WALKER, Ship Inn, Flinders! lane, shall receive the above Reward. 87 rEN Pounds Reward Taken by mistake, 000 pallor from the Queen's wharf, on Friday night, or early on Saturday morning. If Stolen, the above Reward will be given on conviction of the thief. Apply to Mr Robt. Nicholson, Bull and Month, Bourke-street. 268 CAUTION to Poundkeepers, Auctioneers!, stop others, for buying or selling the same. The Reward of Ten rounds Stolen or Strayed, a black mare, branded C nor shoulder, blaze down the face three white feet, about sixteen hands high, cart brent The reward of ten pounds, If Stolen, on conviction I find If strayed!, the reward! of five pounds will be given. To be delivered to Mr. SULLIVAN, Harp of Erin public, home, King- street, Melbourne for at the Cape of Good lion»Htoroa, Molvor'dlgglnga, She was stolen on the hill July, 1883, from the McIvor diggings. 99 (CAUTION to auctioneers, Poundkeepers and others J -Stolen, aim! July, a heavy draught chesnut horse, blaze down face, and, branded JC near shoulder WR off neck, Also a nMnld Hone, brands JIIH on the near nook,' JUS on the near shoulder, W on the near thIcK left the off thigh. Also a bay Mare, two hind feet white, grey lies In the face, branded M. Stolen from Mr. Aitken's Gap. I hereby offer the Reward of 50 on conviction of the thief, P. LANAGAN, Williamstown. 0101 (TO Merriintita mail Consignees of Grinds. The under JL signal having observed the almost impassable state of the Wharves, and had great difficulty obtain Ing llghliiriiirn, from llnhsnii'ii Hay In Melbourne, have) entered into iivriiiigeiiii'uts in his!, store, and her cargo at the federal Hiiiuli'ldgi', nt; current rules of commission. Well. ABSALOM A CO., Auctioneers, cVo,, Bains, ridge, must Almond's Ultntnberi, Melbourne, for) 