. Matters -a »«*.*?«, A LADY b offered a comfortable lead, to private tallying moderate t*t_*| address Do__j>«oe versus par"' '_*"* G~EltTLBMBM same a**o«_)iiOd*tad_with respect able Board and stas_»aes7ne_jM_» J_e»»»nie»t viz In Melbourne, where every attention will be paid tSthslr contest, at li, FlladirMtreet. cut into tiBga>lteUI«hBM«BV-ToM«rchaBti Gold Diggers, and Immigrants say they obtain «jomrbrtobl« Board and But imm at Mrs. Cotterill. Mortimer's Buildings, oppo deaths Cemetry, top of Elisabeth and Queen-street, Melbourne. The house is large and commodious, won sitting of 14 rooms, and a large dining marquee, 40 by M feet. The promissary ina beautiful soil very early «ltu»tion,.«nd art within five minutes' waterfall the public places ofbuslneuln the city. N.B.-Liggag« stated, fit of charge, during the owner's (toy In the "UblUhi-int. ?- 'who ORIEL Cottages few gentlemen of quiet habits can' meet with superior accommodation at Oriel Cottage, Gertrude street, west, Collingwood, opposite the Baths, 1908 Bill ANENT Board and Residence for two gentle men in a healthy and pleasant locality: brick cottage, Great Brunswick-street, Collingwood, third door from Oertrudt-itrMt. on the right going down or SELECT Board and Residence - Respectable society, clean beds and airy bedrooms, good fare, boots cleaned, and every) reasonable comfort. 98, Lonsdale street, east, opposite the HospitaL Charges moderate. a 19098 TWO or three respectable young men can be accommodated with Board and ReskWnoe at Mrs lauetbrc) a, Wctl!tigto»,»tr««t, Collingwood, next door to Mr Harvey, Chemist,, Terms, 30s per week _'_L_MM THREE or two respectable and domestic gentlemen can have an air) and pleasant Bed room, with board, without It growth partial : . Collins street, east, . Hemans, day., to) west. ArOnxU>|l'.,fiir any rf»ri«ot»blo Married Couple of badness habits, or other with a small capital To Lot, of general Shop, with a good trade, together with Parlors, Bedrooms, Kitchen, Yard, to , Vic , arid ever) other convenience for board and lodgings For the address, apply to Mr Roberts, butcher, Queen street i_;_90239 AULD ROOM and Parlor to lot furnished, with use of kitchen, wood and water, and a little at tendance none need apply but respectable people address, M P, Post Office, Collingwood. 304 AltOOJt te Let, on the Eastern Hill, apply to J. V Reid, b) Mechanics' Arms, Little Collins street, east _;_ 90500 APARTMENTS -To be Let, superior apartments with Board, situated on the Eastern Hill, Mel bourne, apply to Mr J Davis, 194 Great Collin-street Eastern Hill, 8044 GELDING Frontage The Ground In Trout at the Mechanics' Institution, Collins-street, will be Let by) Tender from persons willing to build according to a plan approved by Committee, on a,loaSQeof a few years Mr , 13807 FARM To Lot Seventy eight acres of. Land, at Brighton, on (the Melbourne Five mile Reserve It is divided into cultivation paddocks, and he huts, water, c Also cleared paddocks, near the beach, of 35 acres an 13 acres ' ?? Apply) at the counting-house of J.B WERE A CO 31st January). 1883 Times FARMS to be at upon W J T Clarke. East to lead Land -44 Agricultural and Dairy Farms, each of about one hundred acres. situated about 16 miles from town, upon either side of the main line of road to Mount Alexander, and halfway between Keilor and the Gap Inn To farmers, dairymen, and carters, an opportunity here presents itself of securing a home upon some of the finest agricultural and grassed lands in the country, To view the plan, and for further information apply to CHARLES G BURCHETT T.Ca Little Collins street west F til M at Dandenong-To Let, one thousand and thirty acres near the township of Dandenong, On rose, upon t on liberal terms , to further particulars, apply to H Patteson, Neave's buildings 2057 OOD Stablhy-Stills to let for two or three Horses, apply to John Russell, Dale) man, Little I onsaalo-strcct, west, back of the Treasury. 1809) OUSLJto'Lct or Sell, at Windsor corners connect In the above beautifully situated and rapidly rising township, with a neatly fitted up metallic Scotch made Cottage, well adapted for a small family, This lovely) spot is within five minutes walk of St Kilda, Its^ilabrlty of air, Its scenic beauty its first rally to the sea beach i Its wooded waits, until pictur cheque liiid.c,i|«.j, combine to render it one or the most desirable spots for a residence in those flour) For terms, apply to Mr, JOHN CAMPBELL Argyle Store, Creek! II Burke street, east, opposite the Prime Market Melbourne 933 LAND to L'ton Building Lease in Great Collins rain , Lonsdale-street, La Trobe street, 1 his activities and Therry) street, the The folio wing tall she i r clubs to be let on building lease for d, 714, or 21 j CM Two large houses, at present contorted into re together with shop and three other rooms, yards, four stalls Jil ci, and 60 feet square) of land adjoining sue for farmer and particulars of ply to Mr WH QUEEN, Land Agent, St, Great Bourke street, east I_[_7993 LATe D' be for, You Bnllalhg L-osftlnan eligibles.,, don Irrae«m4».»treetr'«*i»i»i WlliNj^OTav-va*5 11 0 HALL V, VToslb) a Paddock, Prahran, Is In structure the Threes Cottages, well finished, of three and four rooms each, In said a paddock and has for sale, event choice allotments on reasonable terms 1941 ]}R1 Mibus of rBuilnris.'n those street Melbourne. A. cijii^rititel) rent free, to be let furlong, other advantages will reduce Intending traders to apply atoncctoUUlt.HliISONnndCO.omcaofUlsiarer _ 19357 PROPERTIES to Let Valuable Land to Let on L Building Leases, nearly corner of Elizabeth street and East!" Bourke street In ellRlblo Office 1rs Company or Merchant, con s sun,: or clerks'' offices and private room, in the best brief lllnderij-ilnct An Offer to Let, suitable for a sterilizer or still I roi went fluid as a i s I r line culara, a) ply to HERRIN a and MOODY, Collin sjstr^ct_UMS Spiden UU II 2, In Great bourke r of in 1 LEISURE I Urie to be Let, on building leases Mr J. 11 0 feet, frontage to the main street, put of William li. wage is to Little Bourke street, bridge r tin of t ft ridge tiles feet frontage to Lon Jilo steed. 100 I the , visit «.JtclUllALD MILLAR, Lloyd's exclaimed of a , 1217 JAMES BATES rtSTON.Slorcs miller street next RESPECT VIH L Hind and Lodifliig can be oh I my In theology situation, after timely. i. ire I in ad, two doors down the line from Mr Cole s Iruftslii ii id 1, Great Collins street, east dance hall iltClAULL Hard and Resldence for two or LV I in i It (interned at IN King stations 5' " lawns strict, us! Jim S lost and Ri in to I or, can see us ot and cloud in: I'm 38 vi, of a teWelltoJiu,siliUblororcosl«, i s e on leas i he terms, it fell, Swatist iii '__|__.0 00 uri) i Geo II L tie for ship £1 II-ten", J F J tom 1 action If this for a time, time in Id as room mate And) the bellbird and Smith Miukit.'jiiir_!,,-! SUUUftlfvM Uulllli votes to t. Le, upon Like to one, South \ urn, being abortion of Uiotstnto ill c late d t 3! Terell Ft i ; his been subdivided not of new positions and presents the must eat Hill ill i I fx 1 jrsour,do«iiou« or sending fruit for lunch i Id n it, He i health) and beautiful sites at 11 u jl on the Oudlncr i Creek in. 1, In the past) 1 11 In it he did run in the iron- Milburn a, close t i i river -is in the figure into nell abortion d of the III li I villa residences of full, Little ketches) r, ,vl,?..u I'll", w"as for further particulars ault li Utley G cJUUClILll, as, Little Collins 'il___j_Uti run his driver (rural, SJ fact of InohcTby loo A Let this be In mills strom and) their results soil scr, C din warm d, o j eldest single si) 1 Li j in life To .' . ' ° ' """' list it may mott ibsû u s left' 11 M an I t, and I make you the sides b the [[ 'list of ,c,,"11'5 u}'\> ' that cent are still the veil river el Uni iron with a ii of section attached to over) respect to us all is well adapt ltithercqilliaiientiol IIMII ? As ' r IUHK-ulai«, utility of Mr I lights' Bourke-street or of Dr \\_l ' I c 1 tin sis 1158 rich! I,, am I to Vu the List Splendid business I 'circulate a is in ing the North blur Hotel. To I LI in ii r h, se, a valuable a lot of ground lying i, I'- notice Mr Hotel, North Melbourne, trivial affair . life of it by (lip'hoftiofiit 'He lived engineer v deal in a lavishness sea lion, in! li man .) Mill This, is, desirous in) almost business, In labourers, and to Mr MURRAY, ther) 'until I am (All i" send, vent. ÍHSL 'PO I . "is 77 Aintree. in the Gardener's Fred 1st is, 11 in lit and a half from Melbourne, to call a no Ulm four rooms, servant's room, and later at lil r not an air of pleasure apply) to Mr RQ'lMlS.isiithepr raises. ' lists 'Mr I I.), ii man named livestock) Bricks horse J N 14, His union shoot waltz good laugh yard if it, lit ) f I ki, entrance It had been conducted as a ben I m, to si no I ob,, 1913, and is very comfortable situate. 1, I am luiUi'iil'ir», terms, A reply to Mrs 1 Uu II as it llnB'huuso, near the Cemetery, top e I neil I' Ur along 'Pt) Mainland., investors, audOMiirs,-A twenty) one 1 years Eight, or tin eligible site, adapted further that li inherit now upon for many. years may In mu i m indication to the undersigned.-H01H.ltI' rUHmwiN, ' it Iliidois.Uin, visited first MM) lit it llnuisuleh.il fiiur.runinoil Home, valley 1 Uti He was, detached stable, so on two acres of sterling ground, well stocked with fruit trees apply to H I'lilloiuii, Neave's bullding), less MM) la Loi, furnishers, that commodious family of Dwelling-house and Freddy), at Collingwood, Mary occupied by Major Firebrace, containing seven, rooms, visit the electors, store, pantry, kitchen, soul., long, and very roomy servants' apartment) I with labor, which liouio,fovtl.hou«e,andlar«eyard, garden, tank, with pump, all In (lrtUalo order, having just undergone thorough repair i apply to Mr. GLEDHILL Accountant at the office of Mr Chambers. Solicitor Arthur street, 10 in TWO friends OtnwM rates apply Isstaedlataly X toMteere «Ul«e««lR««,T,nina«irtjsre»t ~_ ' leoM TENT Grounds Let, situated LitUeLontdafeelreet, went, back of the Treasury i apply to John Xns veil, Dairyman, UMe- LoiisdsJt.street, went, back of the Treasury ' _ 1861 TO Let, Offices, in a first-rate business situation on the Wharf, apply to H. Patteson, c Neave's. buildings is TO Let, the Terpsichorean Hall every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday Evenings, for Concerts, etc I apply at the Hall, Great Collins-street, west. sheaoak fit WO rMpectablemencaaobtUn Comfortable Board X and Lodging, at Mrs. Tucker's, right-of-way opposite Symons and Perry, Great Bourke-street., Utms 30s per week. 29221 TO respectable young men employed in town. i Board, Lodging, and Washing! terms 30s. per week 31, Little Bouike-stroet.west,_3019» TO Let, a Shop and Premises) in Great Napier-street, opposite the Presbyterian Chapel, Collingwood. Enquire at NoS, next door to the premises 3000 TO LET, a Honiton the Eastern Hill, delightfully situated, having six rooms, with kitchen, cellar. larder, Ac. Particulars, apply to A. Patteson, Neave's bulldlDgs._-_»03M TWO or three gentlemen can obtain comfortable and Select Board and Residence at Elm Cottage, oppo at the Builders' Arms, Gertrude street, Collingwood. *_80334^ TO Let, In Moor street, bottom of Brunswick street, a Four-roomed House, with kitchen and servant a room, and enclosed yard s apply to Mr. John Foy. ,_*_MM« TO Let, Tents, with everything complete also the Ground, apply at No 17, King street., _ as '80486 TWO Brick seems to Let in Richmond, Bowen street, second house from corner of Lennox street Rent moderate ; sent) to the proprietor, in the house. _._80391 TO Let two resumed liquor in Flinders line, close to Fulton's Foundry) , apply to Mr Young, Montgomery place, Collingwood_80380 TWO Rooms to Let, in Queen street i apply to Dr Brownless, Charter House Cottage, near the Britannia Inn, Queen street 80347 particulars apply to Mr G Vinge, on the premises, or, Brown di S Stewart, Elizabeth-street. 9552 Wine and Spirit Stores. ON SALE, at the Counting House of the Under signed i Rum and brandy. In lilies and cases Whisky), In cases Geneva, 15 cases Port, In cases Sherry, in halls qr casks, octaves) and cases Teneriffe, in qr. casks Champagne i Hock Claret A Idonia ' Bucclla J H) WEBB A CO Melbourne, June 17,1853 1848 MELHOURNt, HOUSE-On the Residents of St Kilda and Brighton -we beg to call your attention to our- Stock or Wines, Spirits, Beer, sic, which for quality) is equal to any stock in Melbourne, having been carefully selected by us from the best market) Martell a dark brandy in cases 1 ,,.,"-,, ,". "". Do pine do lode j bottled in bond Other brandies in bottles and on draught Lownds) Altona gin In 1 and 2 dozen cases Ko) brand Geneva do. " Hist Jamaica rum in Burdon 2 best pale sherry DulTGordon s branch sherry Do pnlDshorry Onlay's childish old port Sweet Lisbon nine B) iss's porter, ale, Ac , Willi width we can supply famine) at Melbourne Prices WM NORTON, A CO , Melbourne House, Grey street, St Kilda 0183 ARIELL'S Brandy The undersigned is a pure clear of Martell a or Iknncsy 6 Brandy In quantity, at 10s per gallon. AMBROSE Ki TE, Haymarket 1400 ON Sale, by the Unds.rsl),n«l, Invoices of Martell brandy, in bottle IMllsko), did Gin, do Fine pale slim, do Choice old port, do J NIGHTINGALL / LE\A\\\ULll, 38, Fill len Uni, cast CORK ON 3 V L L at the Stores of the unthinking' Martell's brandy, dark Do do pale ' Hennessy's do dick Renard and Co's docile Bruni), incises Genova, In cases Campbelton N Lukey, and Splendid old Islay whiskey , ?! Port Wine, in qr-cask), single, double, and Alice, In bond Brandy, dark and pale; I Rum, dark and pale Islay) whiskey Campbelton nbllLc) Cased brand) C Agars A? DICK and MACKAY, U wholesale time and Spirit Merchants, 106 Lonsdale-street east, 13 73 IL district sun li of raspberry li 1m Hart Inn) vinegar Le moo s) nip Clove cordial Ginger will Land Act pennant These s) runs b li g-anufntu-cd li the tin eral and and under threat turned its eye, Hi j can secure mend than with coals len 4 to 6 0 trade and in. a daily 1 river all), as 1 sons n holidays and usual but during the hot anton DICK and M ACL Al, Cordial Manur wethers 193 Lonsdale street east last milL Ample 11 tons - Moles ate my little L once), Wilts, and billiard CHARLES L MORRIS at ( O take pleasure in announcing to their numerous friends and the public in general, and the li ive commenced minus III those still known premises 1, Miners Uno, rust Having a large and carefully lUcUod stock, they will assure I they can make it for the interest of all those wishing in nT to which can be fit] sued upon to purchase of them, Uhu, full) cover mind to sell in being in at the guest of IrlU and the but of greater s, an! b) That in his to merit and receive a full share of the jubilee intrudes, To them at the man's thy wool most respected!) say, as they have made nrriiiKeuiinta-svlth carriage to Bendigo, forest ( ill K, Hill M Ivor island 'say-- .-^z-.-.lt It - leader attention will be paid to all others which they III ) I 0 figured e Ith, as I at the same time see that such as 1111 best still ill nine rTTlTT ¡Til~C¡n Tri ~ in-itiu'iiturui cTf i Hrin'v butters Oin bill rs, f 1 1 Oil Illghlmd all lie) but a Ihoniimif nurses c 1 is "all) manner tiresome persons b had s is in tell ml b"" telling 110 attention of I 0 1 it He 15th 111 t DICK ml HICKS furnish funerals free Hit tors, for 1 isle in the st 1 r>"5 W Mills W H A Pte iff Tebi him not to 1 selects, H J St till w It is built of red, adjoining the 0 I'n nil 1 \- li stud rslniiilhisuiSilc, attempts pice., HniNiii-Mirli I , r a 1 loan oft, e 't t- ) males and Inst Inland do so, HM-I by mail Cimpbilltown dan- as to a (thriving v I 1 for War -II a, pint Terms, of ii in 1 li and three of attic 1 j SunnI 'rim s nil silver Can it be I Hill Areas ) nil 11 u, I'tllTI 19 Wilton ds Al I I am dry mis Ivis ( medical , ball, to " A C'MI'III LL IlltUlW M H 0 are , 1 corn r) Jim, 1 it is (1 OtOlAJO. AM KK. SMITH i.7 I^o^Ku~ü7itic 21 11.11 the). Store, Milk limit-, , ,\¡,t}0 th 1- Is cf u Fune of ron, 1 much,-.!, a nuisance r shall , me I am nor 11,1, major 0 or a ) 11 it r duri 0 m ' '2 at 141 Billing! Mrs at 119 If you're Uni rd o"TTo I 1 into hill and the late Able) makes the most t 1 sly 1: iiiUsesMnil I "am 111 "'to 60th! '' UJ r «'.«"irapirrTluTiT; 1 7, in,!, entitled, Is this en is li vtheiihirviH so only two tins. 5 f Iv terest Hi hall 'it'" I ' "V little Hour 0 sirs' , s v of 1 to 1 to I, am nine 1 to 11, , 90 tons iiieasiiieniuutof u la p m oiïï>rrmi7vii 11 ,~77id"cb rtniriTT m I I Retired Carrier, the Wharf, I find , iPJt iiiihiulUo carefully stored (Joel corners Ihriotl my advice to the various di), 1,1 his 60th OlUIti ROOM ("r 1 lourTTcTiiñl UrTTíTÍs 7t O^^baiilMtili UK s JJ, ( Wsjr t OMI J ItiA in may be h 117 r r nil 6st J Inst at (0 1 ST'V,1^1 "TT"»--'"!,1 A'sia Cattle IHIII IM, O lil line Her veil (which s 1. (Jean Mr 1 11 V Lum Uliksi 1,011 raisins I was at-, St O It A toll-bar. house room for 400 to stations iiioriiliniulli« Apply to I'iiKii'iil, (Smith, and Co., the WA Turf, I Undara struck glass rlTlWO"l7,"~mtTro¿o '-Ulorupo-riiiiui for 70 tons partners to the mine on very moderate terms ; up play in the LIIIMIUIO street, dastardly _ STORAGE for ho tout MurohundUo i apply to H. N Loughnan, on the premises, all, Great Bourke STOHAUCv-To merchants, consignees of flour sugar and other goods, The undersigned Ora pro. pared to «turoSOOU tons of uifrclititidlto at Sandridge, on reasonable ternii.-GltlITl ThIS, FANNING and CO. little LAW Stationers, Lnutloy and High)', 13. Chancery. lane, Melbourne. says A ROADS CLOSE, Ot->-OM.OrA»" O*"***? AMUA has been Opened U «*>tyf-e»t»et, wnLaSoié~Mi Intended ChaamijdoifiSlbr the Paper, Adv.rtlMtn.nt», Orders for ft CJ»*_' 48., from parties in Geelong and Ena _»>,»____2_ amy be tbtwwbd to t_i*/0-»*, and will _.*«_» thepromrdutattuitloa. s... I t TITR. OBOBOl »_ÏJlTI*___W%la*_i: West JM. worth. London, tvaoarrliadat «Ultwara«._ de Hyd^r__VwuT oblige me Mdsrsigjed by for warding Immediately the paint oM»th^_«*_»o«Wed rryMm to Mr. John Garrett, tojb*\lg>»**l address Mr. John G«tT»tt,Moo_bocl-*tre«Lae«long. 'J T Isles HORSE! BAZAAR, Great Rr»le__^_**»> . Guion».-Dally Bales of Stock, by Auction O'FARRELL and HOlt beg to inform their waterous March aadetntstitaentfct-it they wUL from the date, holdSalu by AucUonDally,at the Bond Reader, of Farm, quiet Cattle, Carts, Gigs, Carriages c. Coat. meeting each day at Twelve o'clock and stated their Sale Yards, Ashby, adjoining the Harp Inn, they will also hold sales of Fat Cattle, sheep, and all Unbroken stock, on any day of a week when required. The charges- and to the Vendor (has to the Rathaus), andan u follows, «rl*.-An entrance-fee of two ratings my head for sale lots of 1M___ say. too-, and soon that large lots are exempt from this charge, and socialism at the fate of the, per cent of tbsamouiitaalu, . At the Livery Stable In connexion with the next'. Horses for Sale wit receive the greatest care and attentlon and, If _ld,aoon«_erabl« reduction will be made on the full charge for keep. a ..'''' Secure and well watered Grass Paddock has been provided for the inception of Carrie and unbroken Hocks waiting a fixed day of sale. Whilst informing our friends and constituents of hay has increased our days of sale, (which, previous to the present time, were held, only on the days of the week, and the other arrangements above-mentioned, we would beg to offer to them our sincere thanks for the liberal support we have received a Stock Agents for the last eight beers. The general knowledge entertained by the Table of car establishment, and the long experience they have had of our quaUncaUon» as Block Agents and Auctioneers (a branch of business so which we have devoted the greater part of our time and attention) renders any comment for the recommendatiOn Of either, quite unnecessaRY. But we would rainiest the attention of Stock- holders to these arrangements Just made. In connection with our establishment, and which, we consider will be productive of great benefit to them, In living much Of to expanse and delay consequent upon want of more cUnto accommodation for stock when brought for sale, whilst we can always ensure the highest market price, which the quantity of Stock weekly entrusted to our care for disposal, and the manner in which our sales are at tended, In proportion to others, will testify. Horse Bazaar March 10th, 1912 HOOPER'S ROYAL MAIL AND FAMILY HOTEL, corner of Yarra and Corio streets, near the. Steamboat Pier. The proprietor is returning his most sincere thanks for the liberal patronage already experienced from the "Oat respectable Inhabitants of Geelong, informs visitors to this town that they will meet with all the comforts of an English hotel at his establishment. The spacious dining saloon Is sumptuously and elegantly furnished, and well adapted for public or private dinner parties. , , . , Dinners are served up daily In the most liberal It) le, regardless of expense. The bedrooms are fitted up with every attention to comfort. 2s The stock of wines, spirits, and English ale and porter, are most carefully selected, and unrivalled in the colonies. Terms moderate. , Soup every day from twelve to two o'clock procured cook being engaged. r EDWIN HOOPER, late of Bath, England, Colong, May Hist. 1953. 8st AIL CONVEYANCE. ROBERT SEARLES, of Geelong, having become the Contractor for the line from Colac, through Geelong, to Buninyong and Sura Bank, is ready to take passengers and parcels at the time appointed, I FAUX. C a. d. Geelong to Colac. 3 0 0 " " Buninyong .... S 0 0 " " Burn Bank ... 4 100 " " Balaarat 3 100 Parcels 6d. each lb, weight or under: -. extra for ever) Jib Arrests Mr. Wade, Geelong! Mr. ----, Coles and Mr. Akehurst, Buninyong. into NOTICE To the Settlers of the Murray desired and the public in general hereby give notice that I never authorised James M'Kerlie, who was in no) employment, to give orders or contract debts in my name and I shall not be responsible for any debts the above named individual, or any other person, may have contracted in my name without my written order HENRY BEATSON MORRISON, Geelong 18259 Ryrie-street, west ' 'able and ex comfort, on reasonable terms " 10313 /"XUEnVS HEAD HOTEL, Ryrie-street, E J Visitors to Geelong will find a good table a cement bed!, with every attention to their corn' axe-head. Mill Id. FLETCHER, Surgeon, has removed to 8,' Lonsdale-street, east, opposite Passmore'! Coicruorcbl Hotel, where he may be consulted as usual before ten a.m., at the 0 p.m, and after six in Ups evening. Mr Fletcher may also be consulted every f"arming at three o'clock, at Mr. Dennis's, chemist, 102, am;; tlreot_00_3 rpo CHEMISTS"ANTTDRUGQISTS, and General JL Bti keepers in town and country G. L. Well- line, Wholesale Druggist, begs to inform his friends and the trade general!) that he has made arrangements for carrying out thawholc_lo drug business in such a manner I rest secure the approval or all those who may favor him with their orders, G. H W. has been -tow«*-a-tatt s%«_»'_wrxr_Ui,*aaVtsu saw the "silver increased his stock, to being, most... thoroughly to execute all orders entrusted to his care. From the long and varied experience G. H. W. has held in London, and from his present connections with the first houses in England, all drugs and chemicals can be relied on as of the best quality, and at the lowest so. remunerative profits Orders from the country, Forest Creek. Bendigo, and other diggings. Immediately at. tended to Great Brunswick-street, Collingwood, Mel. bourne 11763 OH happy g Decs) ed f acts -The Enamel Cement, for stopping Decayed Teeth, however large the cavity It is placed in the took in a soft state, without any pressure or late, and soon becomes at hard as the enamel, and will remain firm in the tooth for many cora, rendering extraction unnecessary, and arresting the further progress of water). All persons can use the Cement themselves, with case, as full directions arc enclosed At Mr. Ltkclls, Surgeon Dentist, Collins street, opposite the Mechanics' Institute, "Bol MEDICAL, Dr Martin, formerly) in practice in Port Adchii 15, may be consulted daily, at 143, H'ltders 1 at, urn, having commenced practice Ulam. _i_14631« of 110 the of homlsL-, Druggists, and Surgeons of Col. i Ringwood, Hlchmr ml, and surrounlong neighborhood -0 31 WILLIAMS, Wholesale Druggist, begs to inform the trade that he has now completed his or runs mark for entering thoroughly into the wholesale die partment, and trusts by prompt all union to business an 1 supplying every article of the best quality and at rest nil 'c I runs, to obtain a share of their support. N B The entrance to the wholesale warehouse Is from King William street, of the par of the present premises, Great Brunswlck- street, Collingwood, Melbourne. has run the liiliabltauUaudClerB') of Melbourne and its _. vieille). Efllcaelo is cure for corns, bunions, callosities, to , without cutting or causing the slightest pain, by Mr. Van Mepitelt, Chlrop. list, from the firm of Von Sep pelt and Sons, 161, Oxford street, London. Mr Van Mippelt s system is at once novel and based upon long experience. It hnsreceitol the motion of the noblest) and winter) In England, he holing b) careful study and waited three years practice, renders! himself master of th it branch of surgical art articles he has been so long ravaged . May be conside I daily at Rt, Collins street, east, next to the Art office, from 10 till 5, where, upwards of 2000 testing mines may be inspected first the Iii ii gentlemen from all parts of England and Melbourne, which have been presented to him many years after attendance Lull s an I gentlemen attended at their own real, dence, by giving a di) a nolle Consultation free. 63 LDCS LMR K W. I LOSSES, Month or of the Royal ColicccorSurücons, London, Linen. is to or Apothecaries' Hall, leaders, his commenced the practice of his 1 profession at Lully Tai k, Mooralioul Itter JIM VVoClNAllON-Mr O Rell), Lurg on, the at home for a declaration every morning from tea O twelve, at his residence, 105, Collins street, east CSSR D't MiMIHI-: may be consulted at the Medical Unit, near the post Office, Billum n 1, from I) till 11 In the in on ' her and Uom 0 to us In theatening. 1727 DP H M 1.11, M li of the It and Gillian Lyell till, I I II You, "c , a , bin theatres', Cul Unn'trio.|,(n the Hie) find a Vans ) At one dall) mr con in Uon, at a, Swanson street, MiHoiirni, 2 1791 of M cIN TONS l informal call) b) Dr. Hallett, 7t his Sur re, Mills street, Colling wood, with Ij mill- di rat The himself, from carefully selected full detail of, finish in am 4 pm. Hint) 'ViïSTl'^Tur for DUO idea or the 1 in, Kinlth 17 states lllngiirnl.bLtwctntlieMiiihinls'Artni and He ( i firewood Ilrcmrf Attendance nor) in milling, Sundays i seaplane nine o'clock 040 fall DRS. for Dysentery, iTTlf ultiuVtti tor JV do its, I feet, six slillUiic,st llnliii'M ter race. meeting late ; two shillings, Relief and Co, 100, Lu Irtl set it, at A further wanted 1793 BILL , RULE"-. for MÏÏ>usiiea«,«likhcudiibr, IOSB or spirits, liidlpettlon, cosUtonois, flatulence, is arthur Nurthen, seriousness, blotches, and all skin on time, ft Dr Smith a V table Antibilious ( u do no OIK man I Us, for both areas llitiJJ Al AIR Co in London, i eir skin, and healthy body cut t duties 1 by taking Dr 1 nuis L rlnilUi > v Ki I. la I,, Yalluna Pills Dr. L and L. Smith, 1 c7, Omtjjurko dear it may DI LUI. H rv\VÍTr7M7.~ÍMlUl at home for humiliation (built, from li (III li, and affairs of (this 197 Great Bourke street, cut, mar their. n Park this ,0,#s A" fairly, llrlitlilim.ro.nl dispensary, opposite the Hay J. close finish, is now' open, where medicines, Ac, t attendants quality, can be hill at Melbourne prices, Family recipe) and prescriptions carefully prepared, 2130 ltlll'ICIAL Teolli lived without wind or Ilga. _ as cures, (for it to the most perfect form of nature, nouihliilog comfort will lUiintilllty, inspired by Ernest Curtis, Kiirgoon-Driitlat, 611, Russell-street, 1878 mOOTll-ACIlli cured by Berry's license, Sold by JL FntvHutt and Henrie, dentists, UolUnga'Oflti, livery operation connected with the provision carefully ' performers. Children's teeth regulated, Tooth. and palaces replanted J. 1914 Dr. M AU NI), Physician, Surgeon, and Accoucheur 189, Great Lonsdale-street, east at home for consultation till eleven in the morning, and after the i In the coming. Gratuitous advice to the poor from half-past one till times daily, at Mr. Hall's. Chemist in, Omi Bourke-street, east. gave a ¿Jî»IïIrl..V Airman i. s in- <;'; /.&c;=feW^B^Siv,^ Thorne Flea.¡SSST' ' WatFidltr ..., ...." ...~!î_'__-k__ ' , J.rirUngtoB. ?'.. W«m-*t|w» -. ' JoiastuVIot as a. illnesses Wm.Do«ut-t.KysMtoa, David Oswald., v. acrosss J. T. Mellor .' ?.. Dewar. ' . Jas. Kirby . Sits'- , HaghSwaaa . 5M??r*__-_ '-alarm ... J. BatAS''' 'untoward at Steel Creek. at" 4 RrUaadOnehV» .M2J___*_!_fti i tiSSrz,z WEBB William John Morris sons OI*_««f. -class Alexander' Morrison, '''Leveson- street, 7 Heath Melbourne. run - J. N Walsh, 3»f,BUiab«th-«traat. , D Umuh«ert,T*,CollIae-ltreet î , "J ' ' .aaladenwá sSnifora, 2. Chaff Croat, item. As the »*toblJihm«ma of OÏ}e»?* '»._»*___' Bye>»y,l_nnce»ton, Forest Creek, andHo^J^o-a, access to most of the -rye hay always excused. " ROUS AOBMCIT, Colllat^tisset,' sreat-Mtstant' PETER ROBERTSON ad.ÇO Mts- Agents, Colllnwtreei\see«t, salicine ItnTst^tstrffhaTe been appointed AmntVfor (he Am and wtUA-om Oils daióncslre^rertiteinenU for (insertion in that Journal, JantuiryJath.laa«. ingress " FREIGHT to London The a«»«it«sihad are" proposed to undertake tho,eon»yanoe of St tone of Lono^,liiafir«tolaMihl»atns>cljht.¿fit perforM to sail within a monto Wil. FARTHING and CO,, Flinders street I saw HABCBatMAPLBB, Ship Broker, Passenger and .Commlmtqn Agent, near the Sydney Hotel, William-street. Melbourne' 2. laws NOTICE -Some inconvenience being exr*rl»ó*«d by' the distance of the trusts OSoo from the Wharfs and Western end of the city, advertisers and, others are informed that arrangements have been made with Mr. JAMES WILLIAMS, Paper Rulers, Account Book Maker, to., next door to the BoyarBiohangaHoteli Collins street, at whose shop advertisements and other communications for the views may be left till eight, o'clock in the evening. Mew underlies may leave their names with Mr. Williams, and he will also have single copies of the paper constantly on sale. e, u ' TO Publicans and Other*-Tètcph W, Lord, Valuator and Appraiser, can he seen daily, of twelve 0 o'clock until three p m., at Mr. Thomas Len . Watch and Clock Maker, No. 3, Elisabett-si^tat, Mel bourne. 'slate AFTER dtalroefof returning to England, or of proceeding to any of the neighboring colonies, may insure a rise and speedy passage by applying to Soady and Jones, General Shipping ejd^Commllslon AgonH, 3.1, r.Iltabeth-etreet Trs BALL ALLEY, Store, and Belo Room, opposite the Rising Sun public-house, Little Rosser-street east-JOHN II UBRE V, Auctioneer, lot, KllaaOsUi street begs to inform importers of British and American merchandise and colonial produce, that having the, possession of the abovtvcommotUous, dry and centrally situated promises, which are capable of storing about 1800 tons measurement of goods, he will be happy to take charge of any quantity of merchandise or colonial produce intended for Immediate sale, without making any charge for water storage of same t and he cents dently trusts that his exertions to serve his employees, and to make the best price of everything placed in his hands, together with an immediate settlement of all discount, will secure to him a Miora! there or public support to merit which will be his constant study. t ! ApuhltcSala will beholden at these Stores every Tues day and Friday on the wholesale system, but in lots to suit the convenience of the trade in general; The Rooms In Elizabeth street will be open as usual for the daily sale by auction of small consignments of goods, town and country properties, household farm ture, and miscellaneous articles, and the same attention will continue to be paid to sellIng estate) either at the rooms, or on the promises of his employers as heretofore I i >_ 17771 NOTICE - Matthew McCaw & Co, Auctioneers. Commission Agents, Livery Stable Keepers, and Corn Dealers, respectfully return their sincere thanks to their Friends du I the Public for the river which they have received, and beg to intimate that they have disposed of their promise) and business to Messrs Water- house and AniloK, who will continue the same in all its branches. Messrs. M*C. A Qo. have the greatest confidence In introducing their successors, Messrs. W, J; A., and have no doubt that they will give general satisfaction, as they are both business men, and have a thorough knowledge of horse stock, Ac, and they will now be able to conduct the business in a style which has been hitherto quite beyond our reach the whole of the management formerly having devolved upon Mr. M'Caw alone. WATERHOUSE A ANSLOW having succeeded to the above business, trust by strict attention to-the interests of their friends and the public to merit a continuance of those, favors which have been so liberally saWronder evari-assisUace In his TOwer, st» three ' motttKsy.-r .' j_t««;« t IO. FYLE, Auctioneer and Commission, Agent, . Charles-street Launceston -rOonslgtu-ents received a prompt returns, with reasonable charges. Storage gratis, for one month. Instructions for purclinHngColoulal Produce attended to. If recommit by a remittance. " Launceston, January 1, 1953 800 OAHU ro Land Proprietors, Settlers, Storekeepers, Wholesale and Retail Dealers, Digger), and Others -Mr. Robert Goodwin, 30, Flinders-lane, Flour, Gold, and Land Agent and Factor. Commis- sions for the Diggings, Geelong, Hobart Town, Adelaide, Swan River, Sydney, India, tbeQInltcd States, Paris, and England -Import, Export), Se. 1908 TO Merchants and Consignees of Goods -The under Signed having observed the almost impassable state of the Thames, and the great difficulty of obtain Insr llghtira(,'i) from Hobson Bay to Melbourne, has entered into arrangements to land, store, and soiling at the pier at 3 in the Age, at current rates of commission W. J. Mia VLOM A CO , Auctioneer), c" Sandridge and Am in I E Chambers. Melbourne s 387 ~ TO thoDrar»rj of Melbourne, Geelong, Port Fairy, Warniaml>i>ol,nnd Country Storekeepers generally. Gentlemen I desire to thank you for the large measure of support that I have received at your hands. " M) aim line Up to bring my English and Colonial experience to hear In establishing a large wholesale drapery, shop, and hosiery trade 1 in which I have been eminently successful ' I beg to apprise you that from this 'date Mr. John King sy 111 be connected with me as a partner in the business, and It affords me great pUanrc In Utos presenting him to you known, as he had been in many a; ray friends during the past twelve months. His practical knowledge of the London, Manchester, Yorkshire, and Suotili t markets, fully qualify him, in conjunction with myself, to prepare orders In detail for the guidance of our home b item In the purchaser of those classes of goods which tiaro tnri.Uifore secured your valued approval it will be the endeavor of the of him to secure the continuance of your outport, and b) extended importa- tions to meet the increased demands or the colony. Gentlemen, I remain Yours, Respectfully and obliged, 1 FIIEIJH J. SARGOOD. The business of the new firm will be conducted under the style of SARGOOD. KING, AND CO. Royal rpUNNHM H HULK The undersigned being J. Agents for Messrs J and H Tennant, of Will park Brow ry, Classes, are in the context of regular supplies of those I over and porter. DICKSON, GILCHRIST A Co, Queen strict, IN the Tis llbllLYN, Gold Buyer and Commission J.I . Aeon, s low Point, nominate 4121 ("MtO/lhll A KINGSMILL, Nasicsntl-, Agents for J shilling, and for the purchase and shipment of coals, maize, and the (moral |rp,luco^of the Hunter this district Melbourne After) Omeo, Newcastle, New South Wales Ilifoniice-Cuirey, Hill and Co ' 12-in Wa! r VltlilING A CO , Commission Monhttnls, 1 V Ship Brokers, Passenger Agent), An. Counting House, 1 Flinders street (Old Melbourne llroiter))i his. Honor Olino, Queen a Wharf. 1849 11 VUE iiodoulgiietl are authorized to be like arrnni'O J investor ve sil) burnt at Calcutta, carillonist to their life It. BUYERS, WAHI HELD at, CO agents. fro his (inferiors, south east corner Collins-street and William street mile A CARD Mr HhÏÏhTTÎiaimo), still Airinl'nhd Hurv year, 14, Jin linton stn ditto Assistant to the Survt)iir,()bnail, of Western Australia and. iv Practitioner of ft astern ) car a Culoulul Open Junior. _._IB173 MR. JOHN DE COURCY YOUNG,' Empire and General Commission Agent, d, Blackwood street, lliniliiklon li ii. North "Melbourne Cttislgnmems starting) attended to, and proceeds rusticating) invite d > ltnoriirei-C murderer It, D Inltml, Melbourne George Frederick Young, two, Lou in, the Belfast Banking Company, Ireland ___ 20363 Hotels and Refreshment Rooms. GLEN LYON INN, Western Port District, four miles from Spring Creek Diggings, and eight Vom Bi Hors Creekside. Pbl His 1 has intimate to his friends find tim 1 while, that he has purchased the above premesis, and obtained the transfer from Mr. Murray, and that it is as replete as payable wlthVory Btliaitloii The House affords ample aiiotnmoiluoVii lir li wallers, the situation is one of Um must healthy and delightful In the tiaghbotluxHl, and the Imlrlitnr feels assert that the arrangements will be context such as cannot fail to India the cr the opt solution of those who may honor him with their patronage, Neither pains nor captains have been spared in securing 11 first. fat stock, and the strike of officers seems to turn 0 it the object of the proprietor, to secure a itltfuotlun to all. Good Stabling with an extensive Puldotik son watched li)' the Loddon, vrlililiriins through It. Diggers' degrees nation In no 103. far west. not) THE Oxford University and City Coffee Hotel.— Thomas C. Gosling begs respectfully to announce to his friends and the public generally, that in order to meet the requirements of ladies, gentlemen, and families arriving at this the great centre of the gold fields, and the nails town, for surrounding districts, he has built near large and commodious premises in Littleton, street, near the Presbyterian Church, and within one minute's walk of they Market, where, by strict attention to the comfort and convenience of all guests, he hopes to be favored with a liberal amount of patronage. An Ordinary at 2 p.m. N.B.—Good Beds and Stabling, Castlemaine, March 22nd, 1853. ___ 18253 Amusements. UNDER the management of James Ellis of Cre- morne Garden, Richmond, the Salle de Valentine US&Sat;ómfk In consequence of the great success of the last mon- ster concert, J. Ellis has determined to devote the Saturday evenings at this popular and favorite concert hall, to the production of a series of entertainments, which will embody the exertions of the best band in the colony. Conductor—Mons. Fleury The orchestra includes all the established favorites and talented recent arrivals. New and eminent vocalists will also assist, so as to present each evening a grand vocal and instrumental The powerful corps d'orchestre will be augmented, and the instruments pieces will be efficiently rendered by A Double Band THIS EVENING. August 20th, the Celebrated Italian Chorus, under the wise direction of Signor Maffei, will have the honor of making their first appear- ant. In this colony in several selections from the Grand Opera of Norma. Miss Louisa Urie, Miss Theresa Shirley, and Miss Bourne will also sing during the evening. Mr. Warden, the celebrated Scottish humorist, will introduce a favorite musical sketch. Solo on the violin by Mons. Fleury. Cornet-a-piston duet by Signor Maffei and Mr. Steward. Saturday evening will be the last night of Barlow's engagement. J. Ellis will spare no pains or expect to render this series of concerts worthy the kind and discriminating patronage of the public of Melbourne ; and J. E. takes the opportunity of thanking his numerous friends for their general patronage of his undertaking to this The Largest Concert Hall In the Colony. On Saturday Evenings. Admission to Ellis's Grand Monster Concert—Pro- menade, Half-a-Crown ; Dress Circle, Fivee Shillings. Terms—Half Cash, and remainder in three months. ____ 20319 SUBSCRIPTION Dress Ball, with full Band of One Hundred Performers, a la Winterbottom.—A grand Subscription Ball to be given on Thursday next, 25th inst, at the Terpsichorean Rooms, Great Collins street, between Russell and Stephens-streets. Conductor Mr. Fisher. Gentlemen's Tickets, 10s ; Ladies, 5s. each, to be obtained of Messrs. Unger and Rosenthal, Elizabeth.- streets ; Mr. J Lewis, 3 Lonsdale-street west, Messrs. Weber and Co., and Mr. Gumbinner, Great Collins- street. __ 19750 EXHIBITION of Fine Arts.—1. All works to be sent to the Mechanics' institute, from the 1st to the 5th August inclusive, when a Member of Com- mittee will be in attendance to receive them. 2\. Every possible care will be taken of works sent for exhibition but the Committee suggest that all parties exhibiting send and fetch their own pictures for their better protection. 3\. No pictures to be removed until the close of the Exhibition. 4\. All pictures sent to Exhibition to be accompanied by a letter to the Secretary, containing a numbered list, and on the back of each picture the name of the subject and name of the artist, and the number to which it refers in the said list. 11542 C. SHILLINGLAW, Secretary. MECHANICS' Institution.—Mr ALFRED PHILLIPS has much pleasure in announcing that in consequence of the unqualified approbation of a crowded auditory on Monday evening, when he pro- dused his magnificent Moving Diorama, illustrating the search for Sir John Franklin in the Arctic regions, the Diorama will he again exhibited on Monday evening, August 22nd, in addition to the popular entertainment entitled " Our Native Land," in which Mr Phillips will be assisted by Mrs. Loder, (her fourth appearance) and Mr. Salamon, the eminent Pianiste. Front seats, 5s, back seats, 3s. Tickets of Mr. Jacobs, Victoria Bazaar, Collins street of Mr. Peck, Music Warehouse, Swanston street, and of Mr Patterson, at the Institution 20209 New Works. JUST Published—The Victoria Gold Valuer's Ready Reckoner, and Assayers Chemical Guide : Price 2s 6d, being a Miner descriptive of the ordinary as well as of the scientific modes of conducting assays, with tables for ascertaining the carat value of gold, and its sterling value from £2 10s. to £4 3s 9d. per ounce The chemical instructions by J C Scotfern, M.B. The calculations prepared by W. M. Higgins, F.G.S.—John Pullar and Co., 44, Collins street, West, ___ 1876 NEW (Mines marked on «-roesitlcl« Map of the roads to all the diggings, 4s 6d, with informa-, tion. US, Little Bourke- street, out, No E in the line. IfSoa PUBLISHED this day), Map or the Settled Districts, comprising fifty parishes around Melbourne, colored, and showing the p, rills and county benindirto«, roads, to , with book of reference to the sections and allotments, with the quantities an 1 purchasers namely By A Purchas, C E,, G Collins street, east. Sold also by Messrs. Pullar and Co Mr. V Williams, and Mr Clark's, Stationers, Collins-street 10012 THE "BANNER -On Friday, August 14th, will be published the first Number of the Banner, n twice a-week newspaper To be issued in The days and Fridays Office, 22 Little Bourke-street, cast Communications for the Editor to be addressed Editor or the miner, Neave t buildings, corner of Collins and Swanston streets. 10493 V J i Law Notices. . ~ " is " of a ICTOltl K, by the Grace of God, of the United defender of the faith, i I l , tiyÉ aSKs It hath been represented unto our." Supreme CourtSSf the colony of Victoria by the Proctor of TM-jICiOrort, of the city or Melbourne, in the suit ooIotyTBi" Victoria, Undoruker, a creditor of the said deceased, that the said Thomas Wilkinson, late Of Mclb0urit"tafor_tall, departed this life in or about the fourteenth day of Mortmbcr,In tim ter of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, (having at. the time of his death goods, chattels, and credits In the colony of resold) leaving a will dated the -cr teenth day of November, one thousand eight Iiuiiilrcd and fifty two, in) which he gave the whole of his property to William Pearce but no executor was appointed by the said to III. VI of do therefore hereby peremptorily) cite you, and each of you, to appear jwraouill),orby your proctor duly) constituted, before our said Court, at the Court House in La Trobe-street Melbourne on the second day) at September now next ensuing, at Ills li Bros ten o'clock in the forenoon of the same dry, and time, to abide if occasion shall require during the sitting, of the said Court, and then and there is need 101 route Idlers 01 odiulubtraUou, with the will annexed of all and singular the goods, chattels, and ore bin or the lid d -cased, or other, Iso letal 0 sufficient cause of you, or either of years have or know an) ) what the same should not be commuted to the said Thomas Croft, a 1 writer or the said de ceased on (citing sfctttlt),atul, further to do and receive as to law and justice shall be, 12-in. under pain of such Letters of administration with the will mixed In granted to the said Thomas Croft, usa creditor of the sulddooc~SfA to Witness the Honorable Rotlmoa 1 Burn, our Mother, Chief Justice of our said Court at Melbourne, the souutiqiUi day of August, in the trotter Lord one thousand eight hundred and filly three, and in this war- as a. 1 yy the cur reign JOHN At PORTER Prothonotary) of' the 811 reme Court of the ( colony or I left ray J A Lyall GlliaO't 60, Little Collins street, east, I 1 output tor of 0 said 1 h unas Croll 10 sel IN the Supreme Court of the (Co On) er M t Ita - Between William Hull, George Hull and Henry Notley Hull, Bill in 1 mil dahlia M Kellar, d fool and 1 a Notice Is li reply given that the HE riff for the Col 11) of Victoria will cause to be solI by public auction, on Saturday), the author) of August instant, at pi 0 o'clock in the of corner 11 of the ra no do), all the above named 21 feudal right title and Interest (whether or It inn) he) other hand the pile) or moderation in all to all tintploeoorlaiccl land situate It Inland bring in the farm of Inderan, in (the Parish of Prahran, in the co only of Do not 1 hd in the Colin) of a lecture, being part and a areas of millet ment No along tion No father I can lining »irontiifcO of nee) Kit or thereat and to Prlairofe street, and a rat uses if jan feet or Uicteab as to Jones, street, I" then with the raising 11 tel c rent or near to creole 1 and 11 111, an I star in, aid bears on li 0 silk piece expired at 1 nil or seen it Here f, and called and known by the altar in the Glossop. tJtor-, unless lids events I had a, costly it is 1 Dut d this late last or August, 1 lists 110111,011 LI at 11, by liilnOffloor notes I UntUcrtaUora. FUNDER L 1 It iMIih-uont, It), Little UurkTsU-coT, east 111! ARMS ON and MARSHALL from london In returning their thanks lot 0 public for the liberal patron 1,0 cure I 1 mother since their cuunuonrimu t as furnishing" Hi Breakers t the occasion took sch Oil it (is) still continue to isiool their I on Ion 1 starlight 1111,1 Tall the iii won lan r t stloiCooiHnuiounUniis and furniture , and in it of 1914. their extensive stock t alway) s 111 hand (they are j re tired at a few hours notice, to execute orders in 110 I ndon style < in), monHiomoit iCoiiuiulfMl tons Montefiores Titbits, Iiiadstonoi|_j .executelinn 4 porter Inn tier 1450 tror-n;___H_|V.-J|e--1 -carry. ?'.:?,,.y.y.1-,yrx~lTil Se TI lllllDtllOltli, Little Collins street mp silo 1, lfrOrmiioi» 1400) Hill, was burnt 11. st) he, has confidence 1 business as Funeral IJ 1 is rather, die OrlQia.cxeoutul on Umsloitoit notice, of 11 st lusouahliit mis * 1 )d testfr^îta_t_sra_ri!rf__ici,^tu_rsi-is*/a___«_r-s__si Q OHOule, liiletbiktr. At Irvine, mail , 1 £7 to his business Mr John Sleight, request all persons in Tel led to him to pay their accounts at mut do!a),«Mitiohiin the) 11th all the necessary dfUielr bring little the hands of an iittoriiO) ter records), previous to his leaving Melbourne All accounts due by 8 Crook will be shoulders I r n nnillinlluinthUofllce of 1 8th July, lay a 30in rof_ai*___io___4S3___tr_!3:ar_e-_i_r_snn_j Oriental; -'advancing. AND! LONG finality 1 side k, adherent His torturers of Dun jun and, Lieut) Ullmo From Milne firsts and bulls will be insulted Mr C Nil Edward Cousins was Thomas nil Menu It is millions Silo) and (when h 1 a bo tend eton dub willy first side to that tlUU r i after HUTS A YENS Gold Field - further on sending to Un ] above club will celebrate their horses pearl) I attended to by having them forwarded to the Wooroloo Station, all told Lrmik, two miles from the town Spring Creek; Diggings. The cattle are turned and all the day the tlnUnto III, and put into a large and secure pad. dock at night Terms), (Ki shillings a head per week, , 4., A t ?. returns MOUNT A«AJtATFadtliKiks4.|3',O0OacrM,f»TO«l In.-VromUt April, the terms for grazing will be 68 a, per annum, or a few ported, payable on re. travels Morupon>lbllUy..'iKoentlre»tiXikai\n\ltte<),' " N.B.-Ilorssi taken to the paddocks and re-delivered at P. Milrlok't VIctorla'Btabfo«, Swanston-street, every o "S?i»tt.»i«tb«w«i iron f v > MiaUtsntrihdo, Sat K G and . teeth fatherly. 'fashion. '-e l" ' warranted never to have been BOB ROACH, of Mr. JOHN MACKENZIE seen street, Mrs KB of the but battering- ram in the BUlong district with 8000 fat Sheep. - The run is -made to depasture lands, and tfaaaheepnowde pasturing thereon, consist of about HOO wethers and estates state, the greater part of which are now in prime condition. is not Apply to BEAR A BOH. Queen-street Melbourne CART BUlllon for Sale.-- To be seen at Paris! It iBepotltory, Lonsd*l«-itreet.-The well-known Imported Draught Stallion Both well. He gained the articles prize, a (gold medal, this year, as the best stallion To victoria. His stock are famous In Van Der Holland, He m a sure foal getter, perfectly Staunch In haraessVof marine-. power, in high condition and is «xc.lltntcoastltntlon, - the ,______f JOB Bales draught Mare, warranted, the. A? roughly staunch, with dray and harness i apply to Charles Staples, Ship Broker, etc, via Sydney HoW,WIUIaaMtreet, i ; i 1817 HEBP Station for Bale.-Caaambo,wlth TOM sheep HMiOsioa and Roach, 130, Great Searle-street. ; it a. 1 ' IMBI 81 PAT She will be ready for sale, in prime condition In September ant In lots to suit purchasers, ley's sheep, delivered on the station i apply to W. Marriott, CoUlna.»tre«t.-ioppotlte the Bank of Austral lula, or to Mr John Strachan, Terrica Terrick. 1937 fTtWO Station comprising a large extent of sheep 1 country on the Bllleboog, with about lace The Sheep Station advertised for sale by auction for sometime past, (the property of Alexander Innes, 14,) are now for sale by private contract namely - , Lot 1, Wangarratta and Ttnnbariunls,,with about 2000 sheep. UA t I J> a lb .' - 'Lot »..Coaai-»iwlth about I W8 setup. ».<,«. ? Wangarrata hat a frontage of a mile, and Coun go often? titles, to both sides of the BUlong, by an average width of ten miles. Tumbarumba it situated in the Mania Country,'' and It permanently watered. it is Terms exceedingly liberal | apply to BEAR A BON, Queen-street_?> was YNBTON HOBBS BAZAAR and General Sale Yard -ARGYLE s TOLMIE beg to inform their friends and the public, that they have secured extensive stable, yard, etc, adjoining the Robert Burns Hotel Kyneton where they have commenced business for the' sale of Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Stock, and Produce of every description, and trust from their extensive colonial experience and local acquaintance to re- cels 0 the patronage of the public.,' I Liv Lar-This branch will be under the superintendence of one of the principals, and forage of the best description having been scoured, settlers, travellers, diggers and others, may depend upon their horses are selling every attention, at moderate rates, M ; Honan Baxasuao.-Horse» broken to double or single harness, saddle, side saddle, racing, steeple chasing, etc, under the lmmtdlato.auperiutendooooof Mr. 1). Argyle, assisted by a number of experienced and steady grooms ' From Mr. A s. extensive experience, any person en- trusting horses for breaking to the firm, may depend upon the docility and steadiness that animals. Aootiot BALL of horses, sheep, cattle, live stock and colonial produce of over) description, every Wednesday, at twelve o'clock smart Stations, freehold, and other property, furniture, goods, produce and effects of every description, according to Instructions, i Cash advances made upon all stock or effects left for Sale Prompt settlements of accounts. I ARGYLE A TOLMIE, Horse and Cattle Brokers Livery Stable Keepers, Auctioneer!, and Genera Agent!, Kyneton " - Agent in Melbourne, Mr. S Arg) le, 87, Elizabeth, street, who will receive and forward. stock or produce for sale smell THE undersigned Is instructed to offer by private contract Two Stations, 45 miles from Geelong, comprising 42,789 acres, ivUlmlvout 30,000 sheep The run is well watered, open, and highly fattening, and per Commissioners patience, will carry 83,000 sheep The sheep, now running in flocks up to 3000, are of fair proportions, ages, and sexes, are free from disease, and throw a large (force. There are 4000 prime breeding ewes! about 6000 soldiers are now nearly marketable At the homestead Here is a two storied stone dwelling house, with yeran lah, two sunk cellars, a tank, detached kitchen and servants apart ment, a garden, adulteration and is gratins week, stock and milking yards, a liable and barn Thora la on overseer') cottage, built of stone, a slab store with killing and worked up, a man s line, kitchen, and an apartment fitted with sleeping berths, a little wool shed, shingled, with screw press, draWn yards, and grated killing of cover In 400 to 500 sheep j six out. station huts. Also, 400 head cattle, c hopes. to working bullocks, 2 drays with taking, a plough, harrows, watch boxes, cooking utensils, and a top ly of hurdles Pre-emptive right or cured. / J Stores to carry ov-ïtriiYlhg, woolpacks, is ; now on-, the station, to be taken at cost Price filth cart logs, and 3 per cent added G F Terms-One third Cash, balance at Hand 18 months, Interest at 5 per cent. 7 Per furtliorportlcular«, Ac/apply to W PATTESON. CnintpUsloli striking Geelong, 4th Amount UsM IRISH) \TXLU\ñtMTa¡ririt/uonai.->-lort)* v, by private, i V ' contract, I standpipe grey gelding. 3 years old, 15) hands high, sire Ila i.BAba, out of a thoroughbred mare, This gelding's an excellent food for, situate corner, endtorf«ej^aulerldtopease -vi r t-- - aTiiiicnmdr»^rf»T«ts- trr-ha« PWBTtrrftinl_ is hands; high, are LIttle John; a superior fonaor.good Inhnrneaj, and has been made by a lady. ., _. ?-. - 1 poworfulebsy gelding. C'y car old, standing hands, tire GlldcrO) A is a very superior hunter and rounder 1 beautiful as') made, by Messers,' C years old, quiet in harness i carries a lady with ease and safety, and is a very handsome animal. The above are recently landed from Van Diemen's Land, ex Chroatv, and may be seen at the Victoria stables, Swanston street where the prices may be ascertained, or by application to E. GILBERT it CO No toria Auction Mart, Great Lonsdale-street 17690 PLBNDIU Cattle Station for Sale - Dalmahoy Campbell has received restrictions to sell by private contract, 3000 head of cattle, with right to the station known as Kalangadoo, distant about eighty miles from Portland and forty from Rivoli Bay. This run is capable of carrying 5000 head of cattle. There are three excellent grass paddocks of about eighty acres each i tire cultivation paddock) of about twenty acres and an eighty acre section of bough', laid The Improvements consist of an excellent cottage with four rooms and two bed rooms, SIMS its rooms, kitchen, good store and stable!, i runs for horses and cows, and stock) are, capable of holding 5000 head of cattle There is a ¿rst- rate-gardin, with, fruit trees of all sorts, In full I earing For further particular), are , apply to D ALM AHOY CAMPBELL and CO , di, OriistCollits street. TO J invite,-. Tenders will be received until Monday.), thousand inst, for repairs to the ship Akbar, according to serve, copy of which may be soon want more of the age and, Thomas Gardner" and Co 31 Mindora late, as' 1760 rpEMlLIti will be reduced by the undersigned till X 1st and), 16th Inst, from parties willing to Con trict for the Pindering (labor but)) of a two story stone House, adjoining the Qui Dasborough Hotel, allies facilities, Queensberry mine!. to IS TO Q iirryuion antill stable Stone Minons,-lenders an req Bred for the supply of 100 post as or Rubble Stone Als is for lab mr only, fit the j erection of five tvsntdoroy Din Hong Houses in J 1 ston street, Colllngsspo I Am I) to Mr d. Will, At Mr Piano) s, Chemist and Druggist, Willlngtilii street, Collingwood i . IPOiia M LLHQUItNL oil Hobson's Bay llvllvra).-Jen is, done nráiriiulrciui'driving Has likes and dim I losing the whole of the vr area of the intended pier at 1 lights flash t tor i Particulars enquire, of Mr W. B, Climas,) 1 miners Office, 79, Collins street east the Allied rs ft the Shell Company d, not bind themselves to nee, at the lowest or any t under Ton tiers to of that In I n n before 1 rule) aust, seth 11st 1876 3 The j nil - liners are realised for the Plas" t ron v up of an tinted In Franklin street -North Jbourno, plans ml «¡cilnu'lins tube seen at the i files of the un lerslgntst Mil the tailors to b after fri t) w editor by, the 11th instant J and C Will I!, in It i., lil) Collins not, out JUMPED TO t us yet in Tenders mo ministril t city o die for it is rises mu star) and W beer led build lngutLltrd 1 with, up till HntiiiiUi, author. DCk. Fiona, s pet 111 all ins and all other information, to be had from JOHN "LI LIVA\v,Ar,l it out and Senior, officer (Mr. orum't lil Suus) 1 the Milk t Great Bouilcsrnt Jill II Last ï'roivoi-tir. LOS re- t I i U) iivonlii~7^.t.*.h last little real Little u M has also find Ocelvn the Mail Bag for Like Wall are in) prison for him.- The man. said lfl'viilntr It it a el of Oilkti to iloltunrivo or Ute ling, or at Aiiustrun-, on the River I xi, will be Itlorall) H,vv,rUI lil tUEl llLNB. Mall Coi traction (across I irry street Melbourne, to-day for), this lt>)64 At "the left this life, is a lift Butai time ago it Box. Hill the, W Harris, i li I Co v J Us want um) hive l^jityjd came , a cloud ÎjiOlM)*, fifteen shillings Hr.wiiTWisi, 13 Inn h, flesh, vvLh i 14 I , un, but no bill inst lUo brand, four ball mt n in, no Mioct mi, vitHi start, a tin of marks on both sides i nee 1) to a COOKE L LOW, It that stre t Prnlirnl s 800 Ii'iJl Slain for U) (if long in, in the On iden );¡T i-' i id, nditkCh future h ant d IH, bri Pri lately Mid in run-in or, HE lists, Chullora Is of Mr juilHINO'U, No/M\liid«or, Prahran, while the same man I five lines on injure expiring _ 2M}q shot Mr, n"7ru\ 7 P.ut ls.iint,nr in I), p, fifth chain ' di li fluid If all the time within ten di Ja. still unsold to defray) i gorilla An has, Lu st station, and Miss TWO Pound i Ituviul - Log, on HattinU) evening lost, till it bill air land at Kildare. The fair will remain the letter I by loving Hum at MR. 14 DON ft, 29 llliiilerj.ini i, List. Shaft 0 j SCLITMHD*-Aieifiliill rk, «illicofoi'«, benefits , CR on living at his, best Four years on Dr. Dick. a 1 CR son's i mi, and supposed to have been let from it may. BOne to Adelaide, Apply to KA VI and HU ICH ART ?lHthAiiftiBt. _ lOUM T>UII1<1C Warehouse, 4t, Murkot-Kiiuro, Melbourne, JL -The undersigned, "finding (that their former advertisements calling; upon all parties having luggage In'tliolt store to remove the same, have natatorial. tended to, give this public notice that from and after the 1st day or September next the rent will be doubled upon all liiggago'remelnlng In the store, and front and after the 1st day of October next, the rout will be double theamouutchirgedlnBopteinlKti H, JACOMB and SON. ; Melbourne, 5th August, less, WOi entered 1, Mr. 1«M*11» Ho. ttMM , \- e, w Wm" MM , U,ht-nc.lrmi-sTiWll' M, " m e, I 't 1-Mo.IJM . J.KUAOXmoSo.UêaÊmf Joly a, UM_^_ a less ? NOTICE to carriers to the Diarists, ?l_««-l««H. " etc. information is requested as to the where abouts of horns parties carrying to the dif ' -" calling themselves " Gaulton and Co " "' mation is requested letter to The. believed to reside in the nafcthmhoO-Of '_..,_ The above parties loaded (body from waist! aviator of the undersigned In March an- Jars !*»»*»_?. ly, and have not yet delivered the land. - ,. - A_iwsrdc/s__«*)ho»«o»_ll>«|««idto«_yo»», finishing wh Information as shall Mable is. r iiaroedtot_d«itb«r of theatres, grottoes flat nose. OKO. SILOS. «awheUtas- tiiiaasHli HwHi - in - . A«»-«Uth.l8a»._jtesTtti-j OTIC«.-W«,_«»JSd«»<_gned, a)U I»c4.b*s-UMI than at any debts incurred by the Captain of»*» lighter. Lady Flora, without written Mt_a*l0- treat Z _]____ and JONES, Flinders-lane, west., v,-, an emu - -faTOTICt-Bris; Wy ,><,_ __ado*i.-U Uto far I 11 > chaser of the Brick port that turn done at remove them from the Wharf Itomodlettly« they water be sold at his risk, P. JUST _ CO., assays NOTICE-We sold on the 3rd last, a Yeats W Right Bullocks, and the deadly shot bank assets 1 satisfy us as toowaersklp, we publish them as ?_.*»» with their colors, and brands, for public information. l red balloon, IF near ribs, E Heaslip, ITtt steamer, Usl off ribs . i ' £7 1 trawlers DiUloak, blotch brand MMirump, 2 mm 9. thigh a j i -issue. 11 white bullock, WB off ramp M J V J yellow i«ndlj>lr_l«y biiiJi»k,WHoff_p article , JT off shoulder. was- -, as red bullocks, IB off rump and thigh, > off ribs . I brindled bullock, O off shoulder, a off thigh < -1 1 Mack bullock. MT offering, . o_*I-_d«r. , - ' ' WATERHOUSE W ANSLOW- ' r . **«*»*> - NOTICE to Butchers, CaMe dealers, ASSAM sits. peas are motored from *F4tTcba«latfl ?*?*_. branded BM off side, MB off ramp, at DOOR hate teas sold from the station. JOHN P. ROWE, Readers' Campaspie. - East -.""- ' rewarded CAUTION to Poondkaenn and Others' Stolen, about fifty miles from Melbourne, ; Ovens River Road A chesnut draught mare, no brands, there are all), rather large joints. Also, a bay draught Horse, crawled JP from a paddock near Melbourne. Also a black draught Mare, branded S near shoulder-, near hind fetlock white, from a paddock in Little Brighton. NZ - a - Any person bringing the case to 0. COATS, Port Phillip Club Hotel stables, or giving soon InToi-irtlis» as will lead to their recovery, shaUirccelve Five Pounds for the chesnut mare, and Three' Pounds and for the other two, claims STRAYED Into Mr. Sims's Paddock. Prahran, . Pig t if not claimed within 7 days after the date. It will be sold to pay expenses. August, 18th, IMS. ' MM TWO POUNDS RE WARD Stolen or Strayed, a DayMw.braitfriWDoffaeçkanderm-aatlWI season the WCreoVwIth her foal. Whoever will brief the same to JAMES WALKER, Ship Inn, matters, . Esme, shall receive the above Reward. K staR t TEN POUNDS BKWABD-Thenadermisnllnaai ? seamenluvljigdeetirteaiYij- the Oaalib assay ' Chicha, toe nbOToBewitMwlU be taken to prepare on inch Inttrmattou being laid down as -a load to their apprehension Royal Danish Consulate, J. ?. WEBER Ntel Hommeltof / NliLtindbek . , / Hans Jensen Bnntma, ' -', Hans Peter Robert BOEHM - FOUR POUNDS REWARD-Strayed from a Fad J? , dock at South Yarra, a light Greystone nearly 'white, but ticked with small brown spots, or flea-bitten s switch tail | branded on near ribs with a half circle and bar Has marks of being lately blistered all) round. Also a Bay Pony, branded F near shoulder, and with a white patch on one of the hind fetlocks (Any one. bringing the above, or furnishing satisfactory There mation to Mr UALB1RNIE, Balmerino House, Bosssfe- E, Yarra, will receive the Howard of two pounds- for esses horse". 1458 E S. __»C~ REWARD-Lost on Monday, Three Gold Two Kings in a small Leather Bag " One still ' eight white stones, and one with snake pattern, oats. to sheep blue stones a apply to Mr. TUCKER, Jeweller Great ColHns-etrect._1081« TEN POUNDS RE WARD -Stolen or Strayed from near Alison s Gap, on friday last, one large black Entire Horse, star in forehead, mounted nose, two hind feet white, no visible brand. "Whoever will give such. Information to the undersigned as will lead there covery of the said horse, shall receive Five Pounds If strayed, or Ten Pounds on the conviction of the office ders JAMES WRIGHT,. timber, merchant Mel. course, IcthMa), 1983. if STRAYED OR Stolen from the Wharf, a heavy black 1 draught horse, star on forehead, branded- W osT shoulder,.. Whoever has found she Mine will entail a ?;; given on apprehension or IIW tree. Was. CUAsV LKSTON. Kb' as Little Bourke «trtvs*,^«^ Cr J- , 8BP1IBBOFT, yo. 83. Little Bourke-street water TWENTY Pound Reward -Stolen from she a of Alexander Cruickshank, Campbellfield, morning of the 18th instant, 1 "bay mare, branded O off the off side neck, star in forehead, stands about 15 feet high Too pounds will be given for the recovery of the mare, and ten pounds for the convictions Ina thief, by applying, to Mr. GEORGE ANDERSON, greater, l.llzabstliitreot or ALEXANDER CRUIOhV rlHANK, Campbellfield? early? CAUTION, to Poundkeepers and OUiora^Ls»«.' or Stolen, from a padlock at Bhundara. one Black Draught Horse, branded T near a sleeps v-, Joined shoulders two olTlvs white, scar near ribs, a few faint w lilla spots off rump. Four Pounds if strayed, Seven Pounds Ifstolcn, on ConvlrtLnOfthothiof. RICHARD BOON DANC1'._gtMOa TEN Pounds Reward -Lost from near Buninyong A. on the night of Sunday,Uielttlilnst. Uirodhunni of the following description -1 bay Mare, white hind legs, blue, TB off shoulder, foal at foot. 1 dark bay Horse, branded G near shoulder, now brand, one Illili foot white, long switch falls Idarkbay Ilorte, Aeneas shoulder, BB near neck, short tall, Mud fetlocks white, spot on nose If stolen, Ten Pounds Howard will be paid on conviction of the thief, or if Strayed Five Pounds Reward will be given to any person giving such. Information as may lead to their recovery. Apply to THOMAS GRIBBLE 118 at Mr Halls, Daisy Hill or to Mr, PORTLR.Roial Hall Hotel, Buninyong s 0180 _P9K REWARD-Lost from the Station of the undersigned, a bay Horse It Y near shoulder, star on M forehead, while hind foot A roan Draught Horse, J near shoulder From Mr. Catto s Loddon River A black horse, well bred, no white marks, O off shoulder I ruin Mr iMtattaktri, near Avoca HistorY chest nut Draught Mare, IM near shoulder, X within. D under saddle, ne vr sIde 1 From Mr Dryden's-, Mount MaoodOO,-A.tlttlo brown Mare, ICT oirslioiiliWr. £5 will be given for such Information as will lead to a recovery, or on delivery, of each of the above is trees, at either of our stations hero, or at Wycheproof, avoca River. J. A O MONAT, Yarraberb. Bendigo July list, 138 1. 13103 NL HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD - Ab seconded from our store, about 16th May last. Michael Thomas Stacey Walsh, tilling with him a sum of money at the above Howard will be given to any person, who shall give such Information as shall lead to his an. prehension Uve It a young man, about 6 feet 9 Inches in height, fresh complexion, dark hair, blue or grey eyes, and wears a moustache), by applying to Charles Mac. collar ah I Co, storekeepers Nine Mile Creek, Ovens, or James Hemphill and Company, Melbourne shall receive the above Howard June 1st, 1853 1765 X'KAA REWARD-The Melbourne Gold Escort tO Company will ) by the sum of SO -far too apt lohruMon and conviction of the parties) who robbed the M H or Branch of the Escort, on Wednesday List and a further sum i Watson for the recovery of the saloon property), or a proportionate sum, for the room ory of any part thereof SAMUEL. ARGYLE, W. LE SOUEF, JAME S RING AT, Directors. Melbourne, 23rd July, Nisi ' ' shot Cavil ION to poundkeepers and other»,-JÇ20 Howard historian or even if strayed. Stolen or Strayed from Taylor's) Paddock. Keilor, on the evening of the August one Bay Horse branded ON near shoulders also another- Claim at Mare branded TO near-shoulder. Any part in bringing the revue to be in, Vey in, black and handwbciHv Mil, SuilUMtrudBAiillnitrrsjOil, or who will givens liifoimaHonns situated to the thief, ' will receive tliajihnyo Uowritrd. ' )S317 Byron ICI -ISutlno is hereby given, that unless the Lal -black Horse, branded RS near shoulder, and B under o id Honour side, sent to our add make any George Marshall, by noon on the 15th August last, he as usual visible is unlikely dum this time, it will be told in the, fray the woman r and C I'LUVOH,' Langley, Mount Macedon 20th July, 1861 he HJ«4 rVTCl tlOL to Poundkeepers and Others -Station or in Strayed, from Winter's Flat, on the 24th "play, a 1 Jack horse, branded 1 0 idTshoulder, Boambee near the Elder, It off piano, and iKiuarc till) rising id your ? sAid A Howard of Charles Le p»|doii|.iilviii:log the some to Mt Nelson a sports, w late J Flats or two On imtwloUonofUio thief, If stolen U A MORRISON. Hfi. SI RAI LI) into a) paddock near their mouths ago, n si of red bullock, br staked all on off rump, and NOW in mt ribs, first claimed within fourteen days will be sold to any opposites. THOMASUlUKUlt, Sprints, ICollur. . August 11, 11. 1979 TIAcN Potato Board- Lost or Stolen rcnnTli To 1 Ung till, about late fillies rromJottety a slit in Vilhnitnio side, of Cape Main Drive near where the In day was supposed to be left store planted in Great Sign, containing, a small carpet bag, in which was clothed in) l Lotta is enthroned! W, li, Birchall's area In" Uto iron Safe, A UaoU por ln\intoau,cout»tntiu obtUwi. two or three account books, sundry memoranda, and lDttim uno Pickle Cave, containing clothes,-, Food, books, letters, improved, No. one Deal Box, (Ukttiutiig; clothes, boots, isa, Whoever will give unit lighting. tion at still lead to the recovery of the goods, shall receive the above reward from the uiidonlgnod-ü A. ROSS and CO., Quien'a.wlurf, Melbourne. last Orr toward Strayed or Stolen from 9. Ocndianv dog liable, 39. Swanston-street, Jan aged Week Done. In low condition, branded AL on off shoulder, and. MM on rear shoulder, with a tear of the MCC ; rump. Any person brlaglM the lame to. OR AlIAs, »."TOttddfou,wlH«i«erT*FlyvPevu»iM. '. -fire,, 