SHIPS' MAILS. CLOSING AT THE GENERAL POST OFFICE. ? For Melbourne—West Wind, steamer, on Wed- nesday, at noon. For Adelaide—West Wind, steamer, on Wednes- day, at noon. The Cornelia, Captain Erie, was loading at Shanghai on the 19th of March for Geelong. The Tamar reports having passed a full rigged ship off Bird Island, yesterday afternoon, steering to the northward. We find the following quotations of freights at Canton, in the latter end of March :—To England, per ton of 50 cubic feet, £3 10s. to £3 15s. ; to United States, 10 dollars for tea and 20 dollars for silks per ton ; to San Francisco, per ton of 40 feet 20 dollars. The Hellespont has made a splendid passage of 56 hours from Heads to Heads, and having been from Sydney only ten days. She reports sighting the Dutch barque General Michels from Mel- bourne off Jervis Bay at nine o'clock, yesterday morning. Also saw the Waterhen, off Wollongong, last evening. The Shamrock and Fettercairn, steamers, were to leave Melbourne for this port on Saturday last. The barque Blair left Manila for Sydney three days before the Mohawk ; the Helen Baird was to follow in a fortnight. The Meteor has brought another batch of immi- grants, consisting of 84 married couples, 106 single young women, 2 single young men, and the rest children. Two deaths (infants) and four births occurred on the passage. A new plan sug- gested by Captain Lean, R.N., has been tried in the Meteor with regard to the arranging of the sleeping berths, all of which have been placed in the centre so as to allow a better ventilation, and to which plan Dr. Nash attributes the very healthy state of the immigrants who arrived in her yesterday. STEAM-SHIP CLEOPATRA**--Thia fine »estel left Hobson'? liny on Tuesday, the 28th ultimo, and brings mails to tho night of tho 27th. After Îlasting Port Phillip Heads, (he encountered it earful south-east hurricane, and was obliged to bring to for the night off Capo Paterson, tho guio still continuing with unabated fury tho wholo of tho 20th--so much so, that it was tho 00th beforo tho got through tho islands at Wilson's Promon -tory.-Shs proccods to England on tho" 18th instant, ns advertised, under tho careful ohargo of Captain T. S. Heal, Into commander of tho ship Potators, and now of tho - Goneral Screw Steam Shipping Company's sorvico,. Tho Golden Spring, Asa Packer, Emma, and Monarch, were nil anchored below last ovening, at sunset. Tho Pirate, steamer, for Launceston, left Port Phillip: Hoads in company with tho Hellespont. ,. Tho Psyche s-ioko tho Rialto, from London, bound to Adelaide on tho 11th Mnrch, in lat. 4 . 27" N., .long. 20° SO/ W., twcnty,days out. Tho Christina and Clara, brig, cleared out at Mcl- bourno on 27th,ultimo, for Sydney: tho former with 31 passengers nnd 5 casks tallow, and tho hitter Twith 17 passengers. Tho James Gibson, also for Sydney, cleared on tho 23rd with 9 passen- gers, 220 barrels flour, and n lew pneknges sun- dries. ; . .' LOADING iN.Gni.vA ron ACSTUAMA.-For Aus- tralia: Eleanor, bnrquo, 1S2 tons, Woodin, und Lomboolî, Danish bris,-175 tons, Doucher, both from Hongkong. , Vixen, sohoonor, 100 tons, Houston, from Whampoa. For Adelaide : Alfrod,, brig, 218 tons, Ilarniann, from Whampoa. For Hobart Town : Magglo, brig. 1Ö0 tons, Drowett, from-Whampoa. Tho Mary Montaguo was loading nt Shanghai for Australia. CincuLAn HEAD, JUKE 15.--Tho cutter'David nowio had'just arrived from Woolnorth, with tho crow saved from tho barquo Rebecca, wrecked nt that placo. They nil go 'over' to Molbourno by tho Mary-Stewart, on Saturday . next, the 18th instant.... Tho inhabitants of :Stanley, Circular Head, and.tho shipping havo subscribed tho sum. of £80, which will bo devoted amongst these poor monjiwho liavo lost everything they possessed. Launcetton Examiner. ,.. TUB ! ANTELOPE.- Tho' ' Antelope screw steam- ship, left tho harbour about ono o'clock on Friday, .with a fair wind, and every" prospoet of making a spoedy- and successful voyage Tho passengers nmount to about ono hundred nnd forty, nil of whom appeared to bo of tho bettor class of emi- grants, and apparontly well calculated to win their way in tho land of their adoption. . Tho Antelope, it is stated, received an accession of about twenty passengers at this port,, tho gronter part of whom belonged to tho,county Cork.-Manner of Ulsttr, .March 18. ,.,,-..,' >,, '{ : j,: - .-. . ¡ THE AI-BEMÄKLE.-This- omigrant sliip, 704 tons,. Captain I. F. Trivett, belonging to Scarbo- rough, with 21 cabin abd . 178 intermediate pas- sengers from London, and 54} intermediate from Plymouth, sailed -yesterday with n fair wind for Port Phillip and Sydney. Bho took with her lil. bags .of newspapers, originally pincott on board tho steam-ship Australian.-Times, March 19. THE : SYDNEY MAILS'.-Tho mails Inndod .on Wednesday, 18th March, from tho Royal Aus- tralian Mail Company's stenm-ship Sydney, con- sisted of 14G packages and boxes, and weighed 4 tons 15 cwt. 5 lbs.-Times. ATTACK ON AS EMIGRANT Slur.-Intelligcnco has boon received nt Lloyd's, under date, Stanley, Falkland Islands;' January 5, of a most daring nttnek on tho ship Porcupine, of Liverpool, Mil linger mastor, by tho Patagonians. It seem that in passing through tho Straits of Magellan, on lior way to California, -tho Porcupine grounded. Early tho next morning tho ship was surrounded by numerous canoes, full of, natives. Tho captain, thinking they 'might bu usoful in getting the ship off, lot somo of tho principal chiefs como on deck, when they offered to exchange a copy of Johnson's Comprehensivo Dictionary, bigned on tho fly-loaf, "John Rradlam, January, 1851," a Prayer-book, and other artiolos, ovidently belonging to an Eng- lish ship. Tho captain, now observing n flout of canoes approaching nearer, roany bearing lighted pino brandies, gavo orders for tho crew and pas- sengers, most of whom lind revolvers, to arm themselves, and a terrific conflict onsused ; tho snvnges fought desperately and tried to.burn tho ship. After a severo struggle and great slaughter, they wero wero boa ton off,, and 300 bags or oats being thrown overboard, tho ship floated. Two of tho omigrants, named Goorgo Howscll and Iionry Uoyle, wero killed, nniT several others severely woundod. Tho ship returned to the Falkland Islands torribly disabled.-Times. 