LOCAL I N r S L U i a M ' J S . WHOLESALE I/ICENCK.—A Licence to act as'joint dealers iu Wines and Spirituous Liquors, by wholesale, for the period euaing 31st Dcccmher, 11?53, has been granted to .Messrs. W. Carpenter, and ft., Gough Launccston. LAI/NCKSTON CtinrniiAT!ox. — The ! " Gazette," of Tuesday Inst, contains the j following additional ISye-Laws passed by i the .Municipal Council of Launccston on ] the 21st ultimo To prevent ihe exbibiting and breaking of horses except iu i certain places " " To prevent the dragging of timber, &c.; over ihe streets to their damage." " Indicting a penalty on persons guilty of offence against Decency." "To prevent the healing of carpets in the streets. "To prevent ihe dripping of rain from houses upon the foot-paths." "To prohibit the afiixing of placards &c.;, on Buildings, without consent of owners or occupiers." " To prohibit the ringing of Auctioneers Bells in Town " IJAIJNCESTON MUNICIPAL ASSESSMENT. A " Gazette" extraordinary was issued from the Government Printing Office ou Monday last, containing the asscssmentof the annual value of the respective houses, warehouses, counting houses, shop*, a/id other buildings in Launccston. The rate of assessment has been fixed at Is. in the pound for the current year. IMMIGRATION.—^We perceive, by Tuesday's " Gazette." that in cases wherein a Colonist may be desirous of aiding in the immigration to this Colony of persons above 50 years of age, the portion of the passage money to be paid previously to the proposed immigrant being nomina.cd lo ihe Emigration Commissioners in England for a free passage has been fixed at £12. AUCTIONEKR'S LICKNCE.—A licence to ac( Aue[io(lcyrill tllis co)o„v a.xcept. j]lff ,vithin eithcr of llieTuwns of Hobanon or Launcc6ton, or within five miles of those towns) has been issued to Mr. John Hartwell, Swansea, for 12 months Irom the 2-Kli ultimo, liAHifCEsroN MEMS.—A meeting of shareholders in the Mersey Coal Company was held on Thursday last. The deed Of settlement was submitted and approved, mid Messrs. S. Button, John Crookee, Thomas Hntton, E. P. Trcgurtha, O. J.- Weedon, W. Johnston, and L. Fairihorne, elected directors: Mr. W. D. Griibh was appointed Solicitor, and Messrs. j. Scott, G. Best,and J. S.Wnddcll, Trustees..;...A man named Peter Oolivell, who absconded from this City with a large sum of money, was apprehended by Serjeant Thompson of the Launccston Police.—The Treasurer of the Nothern Christian Knowledge Society received a sum of £300 from an unknown contributor, who signs his name " D.N." in aid of the funds of llie Society. —The Rvandale coach came in contact with tt cart on the Sand Hill on Wednesday t'veuing last; the splinter-box was broken, hut none of the passengers were hurt—The roof of an old house io Caujeron-street, used as a stable by Mr. Coglin, fell iu. Had the event occurred when Mr. Cogliti was feeding his horse, which was only a few minutes before, he would probably have been killed.—Two men, named respectively William Nicholls and James Bowles, who were found illegally at large in Melbourne, mi brought over in the " Clarence" to Lauuceston on Friday laBt, received a sentence of 18 months imprisonment each.—A i|<iunlily of blue shirts and two watches .vcre stolen from Mrs. Phillip's chop in urialiaue-etrert on Saturday last.—Tlie Launceston Municipal Council will receive implications from persons willing lo under- take the combined offices of Town Serjeant ind Collector of rales, until the 18th iust. I'lic salary to lie given is .Cl7o per annum. Mr. R. M. Fuse, from Mclbouree, was lo lecture on Electro-Biology, in Launceston •in Thursday evening last—A gentleman in Launccston has received a letter from Mr. ; -'olinson, Frouinore, dated 3rd instant, con- •Tviiw intelligence of gold being discovered eir the Mi rsey. The "Chronicle'' publishes the following extractfrom that letter: —" I was obliged lo return yesterday, wving two ships arrived iu the basin, and I find the place in an uproar, a man having discovered " Gold!"—(Yes Gold), of which 1 bare seen a beautiful sample, and he has ;one to bauueeston direct with no less a quantity than seven pounds, nnd tliis morning all the men and available labour are gone from here in searchof the tempting metal." The " Clirouicle" adds :—" IVe .ire further informed by an authority which may be relied on that Mr. Nickolls tbc I'oliec Magistrate, stationed at Port Sorcll, onfirm the above report, and that several persons arc fitting out for a trip to the " Frogmore diggings.'' ECCLESIASTICAL RESIGNATION. — The Rev. Mr. Andrevvariha has resigned his llice as Mi-sionary Cliapliin in the llwin District, and his license as preachcr, for the urpo.'c, we presume, of carrying on the ow lucrative business of timber dealer, more extensive scale than he has hitherto one. HOW LONG WILL THE GoLD FIELDS' AST.—The Gold-fields of Australia are alculated to extend over an area of 60,001) quare miles. Thus, if 50,000 persons lurn p two si|uarc miles per week it would be pwards of 500 years before the gold would e exhausted; and reckoning 50 tons to be rocured yearly, the quantity of gold yet to tie obtained from Australia is between 25,000 and 30,000 toiiB. Br.PLOiuiBLE nr.PKivtTV.—On Thursda/ a case occur; ed at the Police Office u'liich was extremely heart-rending. Two infants, for such they were, named respectively Jnmcs Geary, aged 8 years, and lillcn Dunks, aged 10, were charged by Constable Francis Johnson, under the Vacrnnt Act, as being idle and disorderly persons, within the meauiog of that Act, and under the following painful circumstances. From the staiement of Johnson, it was shown that these poor children had been trained by tlicir unnatural protectors,— parents we cannot call them,—iu the paths ot vice and wretchedness, being 6ent out daily and nightly to pick pockets and to •teal in the best (icorst) manner they could. So diminutive were these offenders that thev were obliged to be placed on chairs in onier that Ins Worship might see them. The boy. it seems, is the son of a man named James Geary, a shoemaker, living in Goulhurn-street, and the cirl is the daughter of a woman now named Lockett, having married a man of that name, and residing in Melville-street. On the racecourse, on Wednesday, the girl was taken into custody, having her hand in a lady's pocket, while her infantile associate was huldiug her gown on one side. Johnson further stated, that these children had been in the habit of prowling about the streets for the last six months for ihe purpose of stealing and pilfering; and it was only a few days ago that the girl stole Us. from the pocket of a woman who was going into a shop to purchase some trifling article. There could be no doubt but that the father of the boy, and the mother of the girl, had not only instructed them in these infamous practices, but that thev. up to the present time, cnconragcd them therein, in order themselves to enjoy,—if enjoy they can,— the proceeds of their plunder. The poor children wept bitterly ; but, as Mr. Wilmot , . . very justly remarked, the fault rested with their parents, and not with them. They were sentenced cach to three months' jmprisonment; the girl in the Female House of Correction, and the boy in the Prisoners' rr.icks, with a view to their ultimate rcn-.-vjl to the Queen's Orphan Schools. Mr. Wilmot observed thai, although the practice of bringing up children tn thieve and pick pockets, was common enough in England this was the first instance that lie had heard of in this Colony. His Worship 6ent for Mr. Symons, and communicated to him the particulars of the case, instructing him to draw up a report recommending their ad mission into the Orphan Schools. Fit LIT To the admirers of fine fruit, (anil who are not >) we recommend a visit to Mr. Lipscombe's shop, near the New Whaaf, where they will see some apples and pears strikingly illustrative of the luxuriant growth of these useful productions. The pears arc especially large and handsome, being of the baking and preserving kind while (he applss, of the Alexander sort, ore the finest we have ever seen. Wedonot kuow whether this fruit was grown in Mr, Lipscombe's own garden, but, whercvei thev were grown, thev are a very great credit lo the gardener as well as the climate, TOLICE DEPARTMENT,—Mr, Perkins District Constable, has been transferrin from Prosser'a Plains to Morven, as coadjutor to lbs esteemed Mr. Chief District Constable Murray. Mr. Perkins has most aatisfac torily discharged his daty in the reapcctivo districts in which lie had been stationed throughout tha colony : consequently we congratulate the inhabitants ot >lorven, oil being lavourel with such aa efficient tunc tionnry INDIA Wo havo received files of Cal cutia Journals to the 10th January, Irom waich ire shall give extracts ia our next, COKCEUT AT THE MECHANICS* IS'STI- TOTO.—On Thursday evening last, wc had the pleasure of being present ot Mr. Russell's Concert, io the Hall of the above named Institution. Itis not our intention to particularize, but sum up by stating that the performances were or ii high or.lcr. We cannot however, pass withont noticing (more especially as il is her first nppear. ancc amongst n») the delightful sinning of Mrs. Dawson, whom we understand is n pupil of the celebrated vocalist Harrison. She possesses a soprano voice, of much power and sweetness, and her style is cvi. dently the result of a cultivated taste. She shows most iu the beautiful duct, "A voice from the waves," then indeed, the rich, and liquid tones of her sweet voice rose gushing in sparkling melody, filling the spacious Hall and_ at last melted away into a soft and pleasing cadence. We hope soon again to have the pleasure of listening to this talented lady. Mr. C. S. Packer performed a brilliant Fantasia on the pianoforte,Jand sang two beautiful ballads of his own composition. His manner of accompa. living his songs &c.;, shewed great artistic skill. On Mr. Jackson's siniriug wc make no comment, the disapprobation of the au. (licnee was sufficiently expressive. Great credit is due to Mr. Russell, for the manner in which he conducted the Concert. We understand that Mr. Russell contemplates giving a morning conccrt iu a few days. COUNTRY NEWS.—Mho Preshytorians of Morven, havo unanimously agreed t o raioe a fund by voluntary subscription for Ibo purpose of an annual addition ol £100 to the salary of their Pastor, the Ilevcrend R. Russel. Oa Friday last a deputation of the subscribers to this fund, waited on |Mr. Russel, end presented him witb a purse of £120,—H. F. Anstcy Esq.. M. L. C, J. h. Tahart Esq., G. Wilson Esq. Messrs. T. Salmon, and Samuel Page, havo been lected trustees of the Oatlands Roid District—On Saturday last, a man named Itic/iard Newman, was cbaiynd bv liis master Captain Crear, at tlie Polico Offi-e Cleveland, before Messrs. T Mason, P. M. and D. Gibson janr., J.P., wilh disobedience of orders in refusing to work on Snndiy. Mr. Mason (who is probably o sabb.'tiebreaker himselfjfctoncly censured Now nan's conduct, but, Mr. Gibson considorei that the man actel very discroatly, adding that " Sunday Trafficking" should never be sanctioned. The case was dismissed much to Mr. Mosul's regret.—The Supreme Court sat at Oatlands oa tho 30th ond 31st ultimo. The following coses vera disposed ofJohn Young, stealing clothes at Swaupprt, 2 years' imprisonment. Joseph Marsh, nd William Carta, s'micp stealing, transportation for lile. Alice Brown, stealing i pairs of stockings at Swanport, 2 years' imprisonment. James White and John Shaw, charged with stealing £B from a fallow Eervant at York Plaius, aquittad. fleorgj Pitman, James Thompson, and William Oibbs, entering a house aud stealing a uantity of cider therelrom, at Swanport, Pitman was sentenced to 10 years' transportation, and thoother 2 to 15 years' each. William Strulhers, forgery, 15 years transportation. Hujh lirash, murderous assault upon his wife, remanded until next Sapsioa. James Grant., committed, for atcalipg wearing apparel, discharged, no prosecutor appoaring.—Ou the 1th itfttaut. an inquest was lield at Dunrobin on the boly of a prisiner named William Oi'don, wiw was found almost dead in tie basti, near the Repulse, wi th another fellow prisoner named Murphy. From the cvidouco adduced it appears that the deceased and Murphy abscjuded from the Gor.lon Iliver Sta'-ion about 3 weeks a%o, aud Lost themselves in the bush, where they bad been wandering ti.ic-.. and Uaviusipoiood, save berries, w livo upon, na'-ure bsc-sme crhan'ted. aud Ogdoti oipired but Murphy, strange to eay, eurv.v.idthe privation. The jury returned a verdict "Died of Starvation." PUBLIC SCHOOL s.—A new-code of School Building Rngulations, approved of by His Kxcelleney Sir W. T. Denison, is published in the Government "Gaietts" oi Tuesday last. TICKETS REVOKED.—The Government Gazette" of Tuesday last, contains tlie the Dami-sif '12 females whose Tick"tvofloave, he'-- Impn ravoked by the Lieutenant Governor, lor not reporting themselves at the Police Offices in December last. IMPORTS ANO EXI'OKTS.—Tho following quantities of grain and flour lm"C been imported at Holiartun nnd Lu,unccston,duriua the weekending 1st instant:—At Hob-irtpn, 700 bushels wlieat, (17 tons Hoar imported, 12 bushels barley. S82 do oats, G tons flour exported : at Launceston, 4- tons flour iuiported, 7150 bus'.iels oats, 20.', do wheit, 282 tons Hour exported. IMPORTANT SALE.—We all particular attention to Mr Guesdon'B sale ot the lease of ship chandlery premises, aud butchering establishment with the entire stook-in trade of Mr. John Johnson, on tho promises. New Wharf, on Monday next tho I Ith iuatant at half-past 10 o'clock. PLACES OF Rr.pmr.Ncn ^WANTCD.—The under mentioned individnals are directed to communicate their present places of residence to the Private Secretary, Government House,—information to thoir advauia^c having been received from their friends in England :—John Loo from llarwood, Win. Biuks fro-n Liverpool. William Jonas from Salford, and William Jones from Strrtton. ROVAL ALDEUT TnEATnn.—This interesting place of amusement has been crowded every night during the races, and the utmost order prevailed, much to the credit of the lessees. The pieces were well selected, and tho performers sustained their respective parts admirably, in fact, everything surpassed our expectations, and wc are sure that the exertions of the lessees will meet with every succcss. DitKAorur. OccuIIHENCK.—News has just arrived, (w? write on Friday afternoon) fro.n Norfolk Island, to the effect that eighteen prisoners had eseaped in a boat from that settlement, ha ving previously murdered .Mr. Harris, ilia chief oonsWWe, and two other constable 15 , ao-thor constable named Robert Mitchell eicaped unharmed. The Lnrd Avuilini arrived at Port Arthur, has transmitted this fearful information to Hobart Town. Tun SKnnNAnrits.—Tho performances of his company at the Victoria Theatre, havo een numerously and respectably attended. The programme will be changed on Monday next, and a full house is expected As the serenade™ will peform onlv^ six nights uiore in this city, we urge those who have not yet heard them to do so cro the opportunity is lost. Las* flight the house was crowded, as it was Mi. White's benefit. CoitoKcas Inqvekt.—On Thursday morninc list, an inquest was held at tho " Bristol Arms," Campbell-street, on tho body of a man known only as " OH Oicic," who was emploved by Messrs. Brown and Thomnsoo of tiio Oi'd Wharf, as boatman in a River Craft. On Monday nieht tho deceased was taken iil, and nn Tuesday died on tho passage between Uridgowater and liobarton. Dr. Browcwell, ol the Colonial Hospital made a " post mortem" examination on tho body and proved that de»th was caused by conje-'.inn of the lungs, 'ihe jury returned a verdict accordingly. A new lino of stages has been started between Vera Cruz and Topic, on the Pacific coast. The fare is 1!5 dollars. The line will soon he extended to San Bias. Potm OF TIM V KHVACtir.Att.—In * case ia which JcfTroyantICocitl)urn)w!ie' ! barris'era, were engaged, a qaestio™ arose as to the sanity of one of tbc partie* conccrned. *' Is the defendant, in your opinion, perfectly sane ?" said Jeffrey, interrogating one ofthe witnesses, a plain stupid looking countryman. The witness gazed in bewilderment at the questioner, but gave no answer. Jeffrey repeated it, altering the words, "do you think the defendant capable rif managing his own affairs ?" Still in vain, the witness only stared the harder. " I ask you again," said Jeffrey, still with liis clear English enunciation, "do you consider the man. perfectly rational ?" No answer yet; the witness only staring vacantly at the eloquent littl.? figure of his interrogator, and exclaiming, "Eh !" " Let me tackle hinii" said Cockbuni. Then assuming his broadest Scotch tone, aud turning to the obdurate witness, "Hae ye your mull we yc?" "Ou aw," said the wakened Cimon, stretching out his snuff horn. "Hoo, hoo lang have ye kent John Sampson t" said Cockburn, taking a pinch. "Ever since he was that high," was the reply, the witness indicating with his hand the alleged altitude of John Samson at the period of his first acquaintance with him. "An dye think noo atween you and me," said the barrister, iu his most insinuating Scotch manner, " that tlicr's onylhing intill the cratur?" "I wudna lippen him wi' a bull—calf," (r wouldn't trust him with the guardianship or an infant bull,) wns the instant nnd brilliant rejoinder. The end was attained, amid the convulsions ofthe Court. What Jcflbry could not do with his cleverness Cockburn had done by dint of his inveterate Scotticism. . WHAT SHALL WE no wrra mit NOODLES ?—Charles Dickens, in the new number of "Bleak Iiousc,"' gives the following trite summary of a conversation often prevailing in the exclusive circles of the "hereditary wisdom" of the nation: —"Then there is" my Lord Boodle, of considerable reputationwith his party who has known what office is, nnd who tells Sir Leicester Dcdlock, with much gravity, after dinner, that he really does not see to what the present age i9 tending. A debate is not what a debate used to be; the Iiousc is not what the Douse used to bp; even a cabinet is not what it formerly was. lie perccived with nstonishmont that, supposing the present Goverment to be overthrown, the limited choice of the Crown, in the formation of the new Ministry, would lie between Lord Coodlo and Sir Thomas Doodle—supposing it to he impossible for the Duke of Foodie to act with Goodie, which may be assumed to be the case in consequence of tho breach arising out of tlmt affair with Hoodie. Then, firing tlie Home Department nnd the leadership of the House of Commons to Joodle, the Eichequcr to Koodle, the Colonics trt Lnodle, and the Foreign-office to Moodlc, What are yon to do with No(i;Ue ? Tf ou can't olTer him the Presidency of the Council; that is reserved for Poudlc. Tou can't put him in the Woods and Forests; that is hardly good enough for Quoodle. What follows? That the country is shipwrecked, lost, and gone to pieces, (as is made manifest to the patriotism of Sir Leicester Deillock) because you can't provide for Nuoul"! On the other hand, the Right Honourable William Buffy, M.P., contends across the table with some one else, that the shipwreck of the country—about which there is no doubt, it is only tlie manner of it that is in question—is attributable to Cuffy. If you had done with Unify wh.lt yoo ought to have done when lie first came into Parliament, and had prevented him from going over to Unify, you would have got him into alliance with Fuff;.', you would have had with you the weight attaching as o smart debater to GuIFy, you would have brought to hear upon tbc elections the wealth of Huffy, voa would have got in for three comities .Taffy, Kuffy, and Luffy, nnd you would hnvc itrcngthened your administration by the official knowledge andthe business habits of Mnfiy. All this, instead of bein^, n3 you arc, dependent on the caprice of Puffy. As to this point, and as to some minor topicB, they arc diffurances o f opinion ; hut it is clear to tlie brilliant and distinguished circle, all round, that nobody is in question but HooJle and his retinue, Huffy and his retinue. These arc the great actors lor whom the stage is reserved. A people there are, no doubt—a certain l.tr^e number of supernumeraries who are to be occasionally addressed, and relied upon for shouts and chorusses, as on the theatrical stage; but Roodleand Huffy, their followers and families, their heirs, eiccntor.% administrators, and assigns, arc the first born actors, managers, and no others can appear upon the 6cene forever." Everything has its ludicrous point of view, nnd (unny incidents occur even on such grave occasions as funerals. A certain Cockney Blue Beard, overcome by his sensibilities, fainted at the grave of his fourth spouse. " What shall we do with him 1" asked a perplexed friend ofhis. " Let him alone," cried a waggish bystander", he'll soon rem ire '" A very numerous meeting of tlie Ass- . ocintion for Promoting the llapcal of tiie Taxes on knowledge lias been held at Exeter Hall and excellent ?peeehes were made by Mr Dotiehs Jerruld, Mr Charles Knight, Mr Cobiien, and others, who pointed out sticcesslullv the moral injury inflicted on the public by the present taxes, more especially that on paper—a tits which had already, and limit it continued, prevent the publication of many imp irtant series publications calculated a benefit the public. " Uncle Tom's Cabin " has already been translated inFrench, Italian Spanish, and is advertised in Danish, Swedish,' Polish, and Russian. Tlie Society for the Pmp.iglio'n of tlie Gospel in Foreign l'wis has, during the year, paid no ics than £7S,.VJ(i ia aid ofthe operation of the Chuich at home and abrot'J. 