PORT CURTIS. (From a Correspondent.) We left Woody Island, Wide Bay, on the 24th July, in an open boat, with a crew of 5 blacks, and arrived at Port Curtis, after a pleasnt pas- sage, on the morning of the 28th. We found the Queen of the South at anchor, off the Sur veyor's Camp, and after breakfasting oh board, visited the survey party. The place chosen by Mr. M'Cabe was a miserable barren strip of rocky land, with the harbour in front; and at the haok a large salt swamp. We were entirely at a loss for his reasons for choosing such a spot, as there was no water near, and that required for the consumption of his party had to be dragged in carts by the men from some distance. The township is fixed on the Auckland Creek and its vicinity ; and Willmott erected his store on the point, within a stone's throw of the spot where the Lord Auckland hove down some years back. The shipping will be done from the creek, doubtless, but still the drawback to the township is that there is no permanent water within two.miles. The natives have visited us several times, and our intercourse with them has always been friendly, they bringing fish, cutting bark, carry- ing in logs, &o.; Not so with the survey party. We heard on our landing that some of them had been rushed, and that trophies in the shape of some of the native weapons had been secured. This tale resolved itself, on the man's being questioned, to the fact, that he had met the black fellow with a fish spear in his hand, and being desperately frightened, snatched the spear from him and ran home. This report tended not a little to discompose the equanimity of the Surveyor, who, we believe, rarely, moves a few yards, without a destructive revolving rifle in his bands. It is to be regretted that the Government have chosen such an officer ; for this expedition we found that he knew little more of the place than any one who had perused an article on the sub ject which appeared in the Sporting Magazine. His reasons for camping at the spot before men tioned were soon apparent- having the sea in his front, the swamp at his back, and the bush cleared away on his left, an armed watch at all hours of the night and day, promenading round and round the tents, and ringing bells furiously, he considered himself safe. In consequence of there being no water at the Camp, one-half his complement of men were almost constantly employed in bringing it, all which might have been saved by his camping at the water- hole on the Auckland, which, there is no doubt, exists in the driest summers, but then how could he lose sight of the vessel, from which he expected a diversion in his favour in the event of attack, with a force of only sixteen armed men. Shortly after their arrival the best boat got away, and the party are now left with one, and that much disabled by fetching water. On one of these water excursions an extraordinary circum stance took place. Two of the party were sitting under the shade of a tree, when suddenly some of the natives, who had been about the place all the morning, snatched up two of the emus and fled ; the alarmed whites made a desperate rush for their camp, and one of them on his way was stopped by an unarmed black, whom he bad a scuffle with, and who he declares held him and called to the others to dispatch him. This was rather good, as the white was a raw immigrant, and understood nothing of their language. The other placed himself behind a tree and dodged a shower of spears, according to first report; but when depositions were taken, one spear was all that could be sworn to as having been thrown. The blacks, however, fled, much to the relief of the party, who, having only two guns, followed their example, leaving a few sundries behind them, which I picked up on visiting the scene of battle in the morning after. I was unable to find a spear, but came across some paddemelon sticks and a dilly, which the blacks had thrown away in their flight. This affair might do injury were not the facts of the case brought before the public, in opposition to any extrava gant statements that may appear. As it was, it only occasioned the surveyor to double his guard for a time, and the blacks have not been here since. The harbour will, no doubt, be an excellent and safe one, when the shoals are buoyed off. Small vessels can go up the Lilly Creek for some fifteen or sixteen miles , there appears to be no scarcity of water on the banks, and good sheep and cattle country are to be found in the immediate vicinity. The surveyor has at length decided that camping near water would be more convenient, and in search for a supply of that requisite he struck tents and started with his party up the Boyne ; he found water, but from some extraordinary reason he changed his mind and dragged the vessel back through all sorts of intricacies, with out having attempted to perform one object of this pleasure trip, viz,, to survey the land on the river banks, and lay out small farms. The yacht ing excursion will not, I suppose, cost the Govern ment much over £300, as they were only away a fortnight. The harbour is not without its claims to beauly and the view from Auckland Point, looking to- wards Mount Larcom, is exceedingly good. It abounds with fish of several varieties, many of them unknown in Sydney; there are also plenty of turtle and crabs, and the oysters on the sea side of Facing Island are excellent, but those in the harbour are but indifferent. There are several vestiges of wreck on the Island, we picked up a yard, several planks and piece of sheathing ; from the size of the timbers, we conclude they must have belonged to a large vessel, and some considerable time must have elapsed since she struck. There are three horses on the island, the progeny of a mare left by Colonel Barney's party. All the Settlers who have visited Gladstone speak in high terms of the back country, and no doubt many will move out after shearing. Twelve of the native police, under Lieut. Murray, arrived here on the 3rd instant, and we hear, with pleasure, that Port Curtis will be a police station. A few days after, Commandant Walker with ten of the police arrived, and with them Mr. James Leith Hay, who informed us that his three drays on their way down had been deserted by the drivers, in consequence of the formidable appearance of the blacks, who having scared them away, cut all the bales to pieces, stole the bagging, and turned the wool on the ground. This is a disheartening and unfortunate circumstance : but the police will soon teach them manners, and next year, I doubt not, will show a large export from this. J.J. A. Gladstone, 13 th November, 1853. A well-dressed individual, calling himself Sir Henry Samual Augustus Frederick Von Unna, Sergeant of the Royal Polytechnic Institution at Copenhagen, Knight of the Royal Danish Military and Civil Ordor of Danebragen, M.R.A., Ac, Aa., was charged on Monday, tho 14th ultime, and by remand on Friday, the 18th, with obtaining goods and money under false pretences from no less than thirteen people. The fellow, it seems, was in the habit of obtaining watches under pre tence of repairing them, and then " popping" them at Mr. Schultz's depot. Light-square. He was fully committed for trial.- S.A. Paper. 