Public Companies. B ANK OP NEW SOUTH WALES Established 1817. Incorporated by Legislative enactment, 1850 paid up Capital, Four Hundred Thousand Pounds, with power to iucrease to One Million. SYDNEY BOARD. Robert Towns, Esq., J.P., President W. Ranken Scott, Esq. J. S.Willis, Esq. D. Cooper, jun., Esq. W. Walker, jun., Esq. W. Kirchner, Esq. John Black, Cashier. NEWCASTLE BRANCH. Alex. Smart, Manager. H. W. Oliver, Resident Accountant. WEST MAITLAND BRANCH. Alex. Smart, Manager. MORETON BAY BRANCH. Directors. D. C. McConnell, Esq. R. J. Coley, Esq. W. Richardson, Manager. MELBOURNE BRANCH. . Directors. C. H. Ebden, Esq. Andrew Russell, Esq., M.L.C. D. Benjamin, Esq. J. Badcock, Manager, GEELONO BRANCH. Directors. G. N, Thorne, Esq. George Board, Esq. R. Woodhouse, Manager. MOUNT ALEX AND EH AGENCY, James Larnach, protem., Agent. LONDON BOARD. William Walker, Esq. Robert Campbell, Esq. Robt. Tooth, Esq. P. Lanarch, Esq. AGENCIES. London—The London Joint Stock Bank, and the /Union Bank of London. Glasgow—The Western Bank of Scotland. South Australian—The South Australian Banking . Company. Van Diemen's Land—The Commercial Bank. India and Ceylon—The Oriental Bank. China—Messrs. Jardine, Matheson and Co. Manila—Messrs. Russell and Sturgis. Singapore—Messrs. Ker, Rawson and Co. Bataviar—Messrs. M'Laine, Watson and Co. Sourabayar—Messrs. Frasor, Eaton and Co. Balua—Mr. 5. 8. Davenport By moans of its extensive agencies, this Bank is en abM to afford every facility to commercial transactions. The London Board will purchase approved bills on • the colonies, drawn against hypothecated merchandise, and the branches in Victoria will grant credits on London on approved security. Credits will also be established with agents in India and the East, under special arrangements. Every description of Banking Agency is transacted on the most liberal terms. The proprietors resident in the colony of Victoria, by applying to have their shares transfered to the Melbourne or Geelong register, may have their dividends paid and their shares transferable at the Branch Banks there without further reference. There is no restriction under the Deed of Settlement t the transfer of shares,excepting on account of the debts or liabilities of the proprietor to the Bank. To preserve the colonial character of the Bank, the amount of stock transferable to the London register is limited to one-eighth of the entire capital. The half yearly settlements are on the 3lst March and 30th September, and the dividends' are paid as soon as practicable thereafter. Every proprietor is furnished with a copy of the half yearly report, aud balance sheet, and a list of his co- proprietors. Under certain limitations, every proprietor is entitled to vote by proxy. J. BAILLIE, Secretary and Inspector of Colonial Branches. 2014 T HE LONDON CHARTERED BANK OF AUSTRALIA. Incorporated by Royal Charter. (With power to increase to £1,000,000). Capital. £500,000. COURT OP DIRECTORS. Chairman, Duncan Dunbar, Esq., firm of D. Dunbar and Sons Deputy-Chai rinan. William Fane de Salis, Esq., Director of the Peninsular and Oriental Company Richard Henry Browne, Esq., late Director of the Bank of Australasia, Melbourne James Denis de Vitrc.Esq., Director of the London and Westminster Bank John Utlay Ellis, Esq., Chairman of the General Screw Steam Company Thomas Dyer Edwards, Esq., Director of the National Bank of Ireland (late of the firm of Edwards and Hunter, Sydney) John Griffith Frith, Esq., Deputy-Chairman of the London and County Joint Stock Banking Company Patrick Douglas Hadow, Esq., Director of the Peninsular and Oriental Company Alexander Hoyes, Esq., Auditor of the South Western Railway Company Fowler Newsam, Esq., Deputy-Chairman of the Globe Insurance Company James Nelson Smith, Esq., Arm Smith, Campbell and Co., Sydney, and J. N. Smith and Co., London William Walker, Esq., firm William Walker and Co., Sydney, and Walker Brothers, London Colonial Inspector. Charles Falconer, Esq., late Manager Bank of Austra lasia, Sydney Bankers in London. Messrs. Barnett, Iloare, and Co., Lombard-street 50763 Public Companies. T HE MELBOURNE, ST. KILDA, AND BRIGHTON RAILWAY COMPANY.-Capltal £250,000, in 12,500 shares of £20 each, deposit 10s. a share. To be incorporated by an Act of the Legislative Council, and the liability of shareholders to be limited to the amount of their shares. PROVISIONAL COMMITTEE. C. R. Skinner, Esq., Prahran. Dr. O'Sullivan, St. Kilda. H. Patteson, Esq., Brighton.' • Archd. Michie.Esq., Melbourne. F. J. Sargood, Esq., Melbourne. R. D. Ireland, Esq., Melbourne. A. Melhdo, Esq., Brighton. F. M. White, Esq., Melbourne. B.Williams,Esq., St. Kilda. John Dane, Esq., Melbourne. F. Blanche, Esq., Brighton. (With power to add to their number.) Solicitors—Messrs. Trenchard and Brookfteld. Secretary pro tem.—Oliver Lunn I-Ianbury, Esq. Bankers—The Bank of New South Wales. The vast increase in the population of the City of Melbourne naturally suggests the expediency of increasing the means of communication between that city and the neighboring towns. Incalculable advantages must necessarily be derived to all classes, by the construction of a Railway from Melbourne to St. Kilda, (passiug through or near Prahran) and from thence to Brighton. It will open the whole of the neighborhood of those delight ful watering places for the residence of a large mass of the people, who will be able by the speed with which they will travel to perform the duties of their several professions aud occupations, with equal ease and greater comfort than they can now do. And by the opportunities it will afford for sea bathing, it will tend much to the recreation and promotion of the health of the inhabitants. By the industry and wealth of the colonists, Mel bourne has become one of the most extraordinary cities in the world. By Railway communication, the towns and villages will make gigantic strides towards the attainment of a similar position. There can be no doubt that the dividends which the shareholders will receive, will be very considerable—a country with less engineering difficulties does not exist, and on the completion of the line, the traffic in passengers and goods will be immense. All who feel an interest in the progress of the colony, should at once support this sclicme by taking shares, in order that the Act may be obtained during the ensuing sittings of the Legislative Council, and the Railway commenced with all possible expedition. Promptitude, spirit, and energy on the part ofthes public will ensure the completion of this railway a speedily as (if not before) any other railway that ha been proposed in the colony, and it is intended be fore the meeting of the Legislative Council, to b prepared if practicable with the necessary plans of th ine. The draft of the subscription contract will be drawn, and will be laid before the shareholders for approval forthwith, at a general meeting to be conveued for the purpose. Applications for shares in the following form are to be sent to the secretary, at the temporary offices of the company, 73, Little Collins-street, west, together with the deposit of 10S. per share, where also printed forms can be obtained. To the Provisional Committee of the Melbourne St. Kilda, and Brighton Junction Railway Company. Gentlemen,—I herewith transmit you the sum of — and request you will allow me shares iu this undertaking, and in consideration of your doing so, or any less number of shares, I hereby undertake and agree to pay all further calls on such shares as shall be allotted to me, to the extent of £20 per share, and to executc the subscription contract, or any other requisite deed when called upon so to do. I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, Name of applicant in full Address Profession or occupation Date 3267 L ONDON CHARTERED BANK OF AUSTRA- LIA, incorporated by Royal Charter. Capital £500,000, with power to iucreaso to £1,000,000, LOCAL JHRKCTION. Alfred Ross, Esq. James Murphy, Esq., M.L.C. Notice is hereby given that a Branch of this Corporation will be opened on the first of July next, at 30, Collins street, east, for the transaction of the usual banking business. JOHN BRAMWELL, Manager. . RIARD LB A.TIMONTH, Accountant. CHAS. FALCONER, Inspector. Melbourne, 10th June, 1853. 50764 A TLAS BUILDING AND INVESTMENT SOCIETY.—Shares, £150. F.ntrance, £1 per share. Subscription Money, £1 per Share, per month. Redemption, £2 per Shave, per Month. Established in Melbourne, Wednesday, Jnnc 8, 1853, and to terminate on or before the 0th June, 1858. Hours of Meeting, seven to nine o'clock. Nights of Meeting, Se«od Wednesday in each Month, at the Pro- !mt Hall. Trustees :— The Honorable the Attorney General: William F. Stawcll, Esq.; The Right Worshipful the Mayor: John T. Smith, H.«q., M.L.C.; John Hodgson, Esq., Alderman, M.L.C. ; John O'Sliannasssy, Esq., M.L.C.; Mr. John Tankard. Prcs'dcnt:— r. Robert Knox, Victoria, Parade, Collingwood. Treasurer :— Mr. C. HuxtaVie, 40, Collins- street, east. .Directors:— Messrs. William Hickinbotham, George E. White, James McKay, Bi-aliam P. Moscley, Ernest Carter, William Howard, Hugh McC-oll, • Charles Norton, John Martin, Edwin Bastings, • Charles B. Hall, ^ViHHni Schultz. Solicitor:— Frederick L. Cta,*;Collins-street, west. Surveyors:-« , t . Wylie and Biers, 11*', Collins-street, west Secretary STpany? and the Wryrtm wOl ;continue to allot M ARINE, LIFE AND CASUALTY MUTUAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY. Chief Office—137, Leadenhall-rtreet, London. Trustees. Sir James Matheson, Bart., M.P. Major Moore, Director of the East India Company. Captain Mangles, Director of the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company. Directors. Chairman—J. U. Ellis, Esq., Chairman of the General Screw Steam Shipping Company. Deputy Chairman—P. D. Hadow, Esq., Director of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. James Allan, Esq., 7, York-terrace, Regent's Park, London. N. B. Ac worth, Esq., The Hooh, Northaw, Herts Samuel Cunard, Esq., British and North American Mail Steam Packet Company Captain George Denny, ll.E.J.C.S., Messrs. Green and Co., 64, Cornhill, Londan William Fane de Salis, Esq., Director of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company James Hartley, Esq., Director of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company, and of the British and Irish Steam Navigation Company William Just, Esq , Managing Director of the Pacific Steam Navigation Company Captain Mangles, Royal Mail Steam Packct Company. Joseph Malcoimson, Esq., Portlaw, Watcrford, Director of the Cork and Waterford Steam Packet Companies. Robert Rodger, Esq., Tunbridge Wells, British and North American Mail Steam Packct Company. Medical Referee for London: Alexander Beattie,Esq.',M.D., H.E.I.C.S., 45, Porchester-terrace, Bayswater. Auditors: W. S. Lindsay, Esq. C. R. Colman, Esq. Bankers: The London and Westminster Bank, and Messrs. Currie and Co. Solicitor: J. A. Radclifife, Esq. Actuary: Charles Ansell, Jun., Esq. Secretary: William C. Morgan, Esq. In addition to the usual business of'life assurance, this society assures the lives of Passengers and Sailors while at sea, as also their baggage and personal effects, the rates being regulated according to the climate and length of the voyage. For particulars apply to D. A. HUGHESi Agent- for Port Phillip, office, Queen-street, corncr of Collinsstreet. 3268 Public Companies. C ITY OF LONDON LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIE TY, incorporated by Act of Parliament, 7th and- 8th Vict, cap 110, for general Assurances on Lives and Survivorships, the purchase and grant. of Annuiiies, the purchase of Life Interests and Revisions, Endowments for widows and children, Loans, indisputable, accumulative, and self-protecting Assurances. 2, Royal Exchange Buildings. TRUSTEES. Mr. Commissioner West, District Court, Leeds. The Hon. W. F. Campbell, Stratheden House, Knightsbridge. John Thomas, Esq., Manuden House, Bishop's Stort ford. DIRECTOR3. Richard Corrie Baclie, Esq., Fenchurch- street, and Hornsey-road. , William Betts, Esq., Smithfield Bars, and Highbury. John Blakeway, Esq., Bcclford-strcet, Covcnt Garden, and Upper Clapton. Charles Collick, Esq., Upper Thames-street, and George 0t M. t0 Dowdeswell, Esq., Crown Officer Row, Frederick^A. Durnford, Esq., Parliament- street, and Park Lodge, Loughborongh-road, Brixton. Robert Keate, Esq., Serjeant-Surgeon to the Queen, 11, Hertford-street, May Fair, Colonel Rowland, iioyal Artillery, Woolwich, William Simpson, Esq., Bradmorc House, Hammersmith. _ „ „ x . . William Tliacker, Esq., 87, Newgate-street. William A. Thomas, Esq., Threadneedle-street, and Manuden House, Bishop's Stortford. Francis Watts, Esq., F.S.A., Warwick-square, Pim George Watson Wood, Esq., 20, Victoria-square, Pimlico. AUDITORS. Hugh I. Cameron, Esq., Royal British Bank. James Jell Chalk, Esq., 80, Warwick-square, Pimlico. H. Windham West, Esq., Serjeants' Inn, Fleet-street. BANKERS. Messrs. Hankey, Fcnehurch-strect. SECRETARY. Edward Frederick Leeks, Esq. ACTUARY. G. J. Farrance, Esq., F.L.A. PHYSICIAN. James Risdon Bennett, Esq., M.D., 15, Finsburysquare. SUITGEON. G. W. Mackmordo, Esq., F.R.S., 7, New Broau-street. PHTSISIAX FOR WEST OF LONDON. R. G. Latham, Esq., M.D., 29, Upper Scuthwick-street, Hyde-park. SURGEOP FOR WEST OF LONDON. R. L. Thorne, Esq., 31, Upper Belgrave-place. STANDING COUNSEL. Edw. S. Creasy, Esq., Temple. Win. Sparling, Esq., OM-square, Lincoln's Inn, SOLICITOR. H. Syme Redpath, Esq., 9, Old Jewry Chambers. The City of London Life Assurance Society, guaranteed by a subscribed capital fully adequate to every contingency, offers all the advantages of the mutual system without involving the assured in its risks or Ifabilities, and it affords facilities in every department on principles of true economy, limited only by strict regard to security. . , . The rates of premium are founded, nrt upon local, im perfect, or thcorctic data, but upon the actual expersence of the most important offices in existence, and after six years the profits are to be declared tricniiialiy. Amongst the peculiar advantages offered by this Society are the following modes of assurance - :— The Mutual; The Proprietary: ant! The Deposit or Accumulative; The two first embracing the most libcml and advantageous arrangements to meet the objects of parties assuring', whilst the third', a new feature introduced by this Society, unites aft the advantage* of life assurance, together with the coravcniei.ee of a tl«i»osit bank., the assured being always at liberty to withdraw the w.«>le or any part of the amount deposited as premiums, while no policy in this department can- bccomu lapsed;- Self-protecting Assurances, A new combination of life assnrair.n interests, the* particulars of which are hereinafter set forth. Indisputable policies. GKNERAL ASSURANCES. Under this head are included the sevcjiil- systems of ..ssurance now in operation, fSje nature of which is so well known-, as to render more than the foHoiviny classification unnecessary:— Ordinary Assurances, either -'>r the whole" or a definite portion of life, with or w'-tliout partioiy-r.tio;.- in the profits of the office. Quarterly or llalf-Ycarly pnyivcnt ot premiums, or at annual, biennial, or triciiniel, os-'other stipulated intervals. _ .. " - , I , Half-Premiums on crcdit of the 1 Micy for stipu/Atca eriods. Increasing- cr Decreasing rates Of r->*8-:ii;ums. Survivorships, Joint Lite, and olhc ^assurances, ngent on any snc-'iiScd ?.vent. Immediate, Deferred, or Rovers.miry Annuiti-n granted to the assured or nominee, on the payment of one sum or of periodical premiums. Annuities or Endowments fortius U wfit of Xavaiand Military O.'Hccrs, Olo;ks in Gover.*ii-:it OiHcus, and their widows-or clrtl.lrcirv Foreign Lives Assured, and annuities granted Foreigners under special -contracts. Loans granted ot> approved securities. SELT-PRCTKCTiXO POLICIES. • This Society has also introiV.wetl a new ccwtenation " interests, whereby the Ascnml receives '»y mi" Public Companies. M ELBOURNE GAS& COKE COMPANY.-NOTICA is hereby given, that in accordance with ttic 6lst clause of the Dee! of Settlement the Annual General Meeting of the above company will be held on Monday the 18th day-of July next, at 12 o'clock, noon, at the office of the company, Great Collins-street, west for the purpose of receiving a report of the past year, and for transacting the usual businessof the company. Notice is hereby given, also, that at 1 0 dock the same day, an election of directors will takeplace.for the purpose of filling up the vacancies of thcfollowing six directors, retiring by rotation, viz.-.-Messrs. J. Trenchard," F. Cooper, W. Williamson, R. Kerr, S. Ar«rle, and J, Pittman. Should a poll be required votes will be received until 3 o'clock, when the poll will ^Shareholders willing to become candidates forthe office of director, will please sigiufy ing, to the secretory, on or before the 28th of June inst. By order, JOHN ALLEN, Secretary. • June 14th, 1853. 51347 V ICTORIA INSURANCE COMPANY. - rhe offices of this company are now moved to tlieir own premises (next the Argus office), in Collins-street cost Parties whose policies fall, to be renewed at tins & afei^KCtMly ro^ii^^ oi^UwsjOTe, 1st July, 1853. 952 Rewards. R OBBERY.—Union Bank of Australia—The public are hereby cautioned against receiving Notes purporting to be the issue of this Bank, and ot the denomination and numbers undermentioned ft ease; of JSote- Forms having been stolen from the ship .Stratheden, 111 Hobson's Bay, and put in circulation with rorgea signatures :— £1, No. 160,001 to No. 172,000 5, 42,000 „ 46,000 10, from No. 7,001 and upwards 20, „ 6,001 ,, 60, „ 1 to No. 1,000 J. BLACKWOOD, Manager. July 2,1853. 1099 PjrAA REWARD.—Union Bank of Australia.— dvDUvJ Whereas a Box containing blank forms of Notes shipped in London, per Stratheden, for the Melbourne Branch of the Union Bank of Australia has been stolen from the lighter or wharf and some of the notes circulated with Forged Signatures. The public are cautioned against taking such forgeries; and a Reward of £500 is hereby offered to any person who will give such information as will lead to the conviction of the thief or thieves, and recovery of the Notes.—J.BLACKWOOD, Manager. 1008 A DDRESS to the Young Men of the City ofMelbourne.—A great want has long been felt, forthe existence of an Association which should resemble the Institution called tl.e London Christiar. Young Men's Association—a society which should afford to yemng men an opportunity of meeting with ea,ch other under circumstances calculated to excite them to the emulative pursuits of a mental and religious culture, aud have a direct tendency to divert them from the multitudinous traps and evils which beset their paths, aud lead so many to temporal and eternal ruin. , . Institutions of this kind have well answered their objects in the old couutry, and many efforts have been made to lay the fonndatlou of a similar association in Melbourne. After many failures the present has be n established, and already gives promise of entire success. Ministers of different denominations have agreed to deliver lecturcs to its members, and mauy laymen have done tlic same, It is entirely unscctarian. It lias its monthly lectures open to the public 5 weekly essavs and discussions, a library and occasional convex sazioncs, and has already obtained great interest among those voung men who have known of its formation, and have been present at its meetings, which are held pro tem. in the Victoria School-rooms, Coilinsstreet, cast. , . Amongst its members it claims mcu of various sects, nations, and colore. , „. The Association 5t>vites the young men of Melbourne to pomler the valuable of an Institution whicn aims to, ai*l can but make its members better qualified lor, the citizenship of this life, *nd to lead them to study to prepare for another, a perfect ami eternal life. Communications to be addressed to Mr, Small, Honorary Secretary, Collins-street, cast, next door to the Victoria School. Melbourne, June 1st, 1853. 49526 T HE MELBOURNE BATIIS AND WASH HOUSES COMPANY. — Capital, £60,000, in 6000 shares of £10 each; deposit^£1 per share, payable when allotment is made. Amongst a great number of the fcifUiential gentlemen of this locality who have inspected tliu plans and estimates of the Company, and who have expressed themselves as being favorable to the erection of baths-and washhouses in Melbourne, arc the following :•— His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor The lion, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly The Hon. the AtSOrnry-General The Right Worshipful the Mayor of Melbourne John llodgson, Esq;,.M.L.C, Francis Murphy, Esq., M.L.C. Archibald Micliic, Bsqi, M.L.C. V.S. Sargood, Esq. faielt C. In ad'.tition to aff,>rdir>r facilities for eve??'kind of bathing, and for the cleu«si'.ig of household Ifflen; the F IVE POUNDS REWARD. — To Poundkeepcrs Auctioneers, and Others.—Stolen from Kyneton on the 14th of May, a black Horse, aged, long tail, star on forehead, collar and saddle marked, off fore foot and off hind foot white, branded af on off shoulder, scarcelyvisible. Any person bringing the said horse to Joseph Banks, Kyneton, or giving such information as will lead to its recovery, will receive the above Reward. JOSEPH BANKS, Kyneton. June 12,1853. 51952 T EN POUNDS REWARD.—The undermentioned seamen having deserted from the Danish barque Cheruska, the above Reward will be given to any party on such information being laid down as will lead to their apprehension. Royal Danish Consulate, J. B. WERE. Niel Hommeltof Nis Lundbek Iians Jensen Ennemsrk Hans Peter Kofort 54535 F IVE founds Reward.—Lost from the' M Ivor diggings, an Iron Grey Ilorse. branded IK under saddle nearside, near ear slit at the end, long switch tail, white inside near liind fetlock, almvt 1-4 hands high, and five years old. Any person bringing him to Mr. M'Cfrcgor's, Devonshire Arms, New Town, Melbourne, or to Dr. Matthews's tent, M'fvor diggings shall rcceivc the above Reward. JOHN MARSHALL. 480 F OUIt POUNDS REWARD.—Strayed from a Pad dock at South Ya-rra, a light Grey Horse, nearly white, but- ticked with small lirown spots, or flea-bitten; switch tail; branded on near ribs with a half circle a«dbar. Has marks of being lately blistered all round. Also a Bay Pony, branded' F near shoulder, and with a white patch on one of the hind fetlocks. Any one bringing the above, or tarnishing satisfactory information to Mr. BAL1URNIE, Bulmerino House, South Varra, will receive the Reward of two pounds for each horse. 34534 T EN POUNDS REWARD.—Stolen or Strayed from near AKken s Gap, on Friday last, one large black Entire Horse, star in forehead, mottled nose, two hind feet white, no- visible brand. W&oever; will $ive such infevmafion to the undersigned as will 1 lead to the recovery of the ssid horse, shall recc-ive Five Pounds if strayed-i or Ten Pounds on the conviction of the offenders. JAMES WRIGHT, timber merchant. Melbourne* 16th May, 1853. 53566 rcuce with the objects of th • company, and has ia con. temptation- the grant of a o! public land, cn the banks of tns-rtver, as a site on which to erect the build ings requisite for the uuiicrtakv'g. Applications for shares still continue to bcrecciTeu: bitasaliniitfti'.-numberoiily rei»ain for allocation, \htoMling shareholder* sire reeomnn-Kle'l to send in il.eir applications forthwith. Printed f-rms are snppl icrt ior this purpose, and may bo had at t!.e Company's ofiicts, whe. 1 ® the plans may bs inspected, air.l further information obtained. _ _ ,, By order, J. H. BROOKE, Secretary, Company's Office?* :i, Great Bom-ke-strcct, ease,.- :iext door to the Post 3U 3 ° O NE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD.—Ab sennded from our store, about SSth May lant, Michael Thomas Staey Walsh, taking witli him a s.-ua of money; the above Reward will be given tto any persoi* who shall give such information as shall lead to his apprehension (lie is a youtj'3 mail, about 5 feet 9 inches in height, fresli'complexion; dark hair, blue or grey eyes, and wears a mbttstaclic), by applying to Clvwlfes-Mackcllar and Co.-, storekeepers- Nine Mile Creek, 0 or James Ileraphiil and Csispauy, Melbourne, - shall receivc the above Reward. June 1st, 1853> 2 * 34 mK3ri'OUKJLr&' HliWARD.—Stolen, from the Mail | .. « .... fi ...... muki thr* •wtrtv. Station, Liti-e River, Melbcmue- road, on the after isoon «f the 14th instant— , , __ OAe dark bay Horse, Mack points; branded TG 0-7 off side neck, sore orvnear side ncek* done by the cciiar, similar toa scam, afcout three ic,c*cs long. • Oiiebright bay Ilorse, white face, branded on off ade neck TG, near liii. bar on near shouldc. .. ^ The-sum of Ten I'ouods will be pai«-«o any party who may find the aboved described horses, and bnng to corvictiow the thief or tiiiyvos, or a sum of Two Pounds (£2) per head will be paid to any party delivering the said howes to the Mail Station, LttUe River. THOMAS GIBSON. Geelon-, May 15th, 1353. 54537 •SSblSfe. Secretary. 50471 -• A TT AS Building aud Invest.ne.it Society.—Public SSSSS^I ^between the hours of s^ven and nine o'clock, i m Chen the President, Secretary, and Treasurer, more of the directors, wjll attenc to a o Thlres receive moneys, and issue receipts. All parties who tovfS in applications for shares, are requested T IIE AUSTALIAN DIRECT STEAM NAVIGA- TION COMPANY, VIA PANAMA. Provisionally Registered. Capital, £1,000,000, in 40,000 shares of £25 each, with power to increase the same to the extent allowed by the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies. Deposit, £2 per share. A portion of the shares is intended to be reserved for the Australian Colonics. It is intended to apply for a Charter of Incorporation, or an Act of Parliament, limiting the Liabilities of the Shareholders to the amount subscribed. Directors, with power to add to their number. Chairman, pro tem.—Sir John Campbell, 10, Harlcystrcet, Cavondish-square. George Barber, Esq., ofthe firm ofBarfeer and Barker, 50, Mark Lane. Capiain Thomas Bulkelcy, Clewer Lodge, Windsor, Director of the Great Western Railway. Captain Andrew Snape Hamond, li.N., Freshwater Isle of Wight. John Gilmore, Esq., 10, George Y . „ . „ George Herring, Esq., of the firm of G. and A- Herring and Co., 12, Old Bond-street James J. Maclntyre, Esq., Sydenham Park, late aaer. chant in Mexico and Sydney. Arundcll Mackenzie, Esq., AUhafi&ws; ^Chambers Lombard- street. ^ Henry Simonds, Esq., Reading, Director of the Great Western Railway. DIRECTOR OF NAUTICAL DASAARASST. Captain Andrew Snape Hamond, R.N., Freshwater^ Isle of Wight. CONSULTING ENNMSEB.. Alexander Gordon, Esq., M. lust- 22, Fluyderstreet, Westminster. BANKFBS« Messrs. Prescott, Grote, Cave- aad Oars, Threat-. needle-street, Westminster. • . Bank of Victoria, Melbourne. Union Bank of Australia, Sydr^y... SOLICITORS. Messrs. Maples, Maples, aud. Peasse,. Fredericks, Place, Old Jewry. BROKERS. Messrs. Mullens, Marshall anA BaniCB, 3, Lomtefc S t Tessrs. Robins and Barber, 29, Throadneedle-stresS* Secretary , proJem. A rchibftld Dunlop, Esq. TEMPORARY OVFICE$: 6, Fredcrick's-piace, Old Jewry. COLONIAL AC BSTR,JWO TERN. Messrs. Herring and Moody, Melbourne. Lewis, Barbcr-v aad Co., Sydney. The object of this Company is to meet the urgss^re ouirement for accommodation caused by the m^iieasinr ZXf emigration to A^H^«« < This'lias" lwcn~*effcftt«ii l>y vrfcufc are termed " Self- Protecting Assurances." . _ A Solf-Protccting Policy thra eravwaccs an Endowment of a specific sua* to be pah-'. ; to>thc Assure* himself on his attainin-y a s'.wollicd an Asbwxwice oavalrte if he should die before reaching that a;;e, to c'.uriug liis lifetime, after having " S Thepremiums for tfcese policies cease-when the anrnnt assured- becomes pay able aud the ai;nu;ity comracz.cos, and may be made by such periodic ; 1 , payments as toani-t the convenience of the assured. Tlie i.«lieies on P>an will not tall by reason of nc^payment of future Dr«miums. nor will 4he- assured lcze the benefit of any nor part bl« or ^>wVrnng to «:.mti>Jue the joviodi'enl paymcr.is WUUVllld, I'V. ..... ^---- - , . - art 0'' the sums he may have paid, -ho sm year s i-w •iiim excepted, although he should'it any time be una- ... ANHUUNA T.-AWWIMV^OI 1ULVULCLLL/S I. V ICTORIA FISHING AND COASTING COM- PANY. Cai Dciiosit To be incorporated Vi'ysoi" Act of'the Log'Slativc Coun ell limiting tlie lii' Wlity of Shareho'ders.' PltOVlSioX-'vL (K)MMITTBS.- J O-SIia.iussV, KM"' , M L .I..l»i ivieplicn, Ksq., Aldcrniau, M«U.'.»iroe. Edwar I Cohen. Esq., Melbourne. John T'»llocli, Esq., Melbourne. _ James Noblft, Ksq-> AJ»icrm:ni, Occlon^. T. Cosby-Riddle, Usq., T.C., Gcclong. With power to add So Ihcir uumber. BANKI-'KTF. The Bank of Victoria. SOI.ICM-^R. I. A. J. Macgregor, KMJ., :J7, Flinders-Jane, -fsi. SECltKTAr.Y. VJTJ Henry StepHcTison. SlIAI-.K-KROKKR. Mr. Edward-Khull, 55, Ci-H'ms-strcct, west, tJ has been long csccrtaincd tl.at the coast an?, liarbore- ->f this colony '.argciy aiiox^d-with fish ol tl»« aucsdescription, probab?y-not inferior in quality ami quantity t> those of any other country in the world ;i MM, up to the present tirw, the abscnc-j of any organized «i efficievrt :system of Cslriug, has lofi wholly unprodac-ner riioblofiel.1 for the teaelicial cinp? -yme.it of our can.tal and industry, the inivwtancc of which it is scarcely uos- W To m«tS TCmcdyr a -' tate of things so anoma^us, and to render this sowee of natios-al wealth actua.Jy F IV15 POUNDS HRWAI:D.—My SOU Peter Finlay- Son, having li ft hi* home on Monday, the 27th Jnnc last, I shall be glad to give Five Pimmls for the discovery of his present pU'sc of residence; and all persons arc captioned against -.r-tsccalinsr or IcAoring him, os for so doin? Ihey will IK ».f>"st rigorousl«'PN»sccnted. 1 Ascription—Twelve years -i' age, fair ba'u\ fair comji-exion, rar!:er slim made, hurt'm a light tartan- jumper, da'-k striped trousers, .11 :d a Scotch cap. G-RA. FJN- L AY SON, Ku aorn Market. Otli .Inly, 2 - nc - AL'TION to Pound keepers, ami Others.—Lost from Stewards. F IV f® POUNDS REWARD.—Stolen or Strayed, Chesnu? H^e whUrJ hen i ?ht0 5 29,h ot M^, one on near shou?a«>^ K- ,i , ae do ' ri1 ^ fiwe, white spot branded RTR ® ' B ' ND LE « S , WHITE . fore fetlocks white, Whosoever will Srtn?«, °i t T l sbort Uil - ar »d aged. Russell-street, or Mr 6abo , 7e to Mr - Nathan, at 154, the above Reward. dwat d *' Prahran, shall receive * 48019 0 N W ^ g ^ ^ r / l F i ' Y POUNDS REfor the discovery of the nL.,, eW- * rd 18 hereb y offered night of Tuesday, the Uth iw a pa,ties who ' on the the Accommodation Paddock m - y cattle out of C^^i P nh a , n S rray F OUND, in Colliiigwood7on"the Ath , •; Bay Mare, with saddle ^V bril e T ^ ' °" e can have the same by paying e XRen^d e ; The owner Lewis, at the Shepherd s Arms. ^ ^ • F IFTEEN POUNDS )>BWAUJLUST W • from Mount Frazer.onor about the 17th of June last, one heavy Bay Draught Mare, heavy infgal a foal following her, three fetlocks white, blaze on face and branded F on near shoulder. Also, one Bay Horse, hind fetlocks white, blaze down face, and branded F near shoulder, about five years old. Whoever will deliver the above to Mr. Jchn M'Lean, Buck s H*ad Hotel, Melbourne, or to Mr. John Frazer, Mount Frazer, Sydney-road, or to Mr. Donald M'lunes, grocer, Kilmore, will receive the above Reward. . 2094 F IVE POUNDS REWARD.—Strayed from near tire Bnsh Ion, two Brlndie Bullocks, on* poley, branded HART near ribs, 14, one down horn, off 14 horn loose, PS off rump. Any person bringing the same to Mr. John Aaiorc, Richmond, will receive the above Reward. 5-1539 F IVE POUNDS REWARD.—strayed from Mr. Lilliburno's Paddock, Merri Creek, a Chssnut Geldins, 17 hands high, branded G on the near shyaalcr, white star on forehead, and has a scar above the neur eyebrow. The above Reward will be paid to any one bringing the horae to 157, Little Collins-street, east, Melbourne. 1247 F IVE POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or Strayed on the 5 th May, near the slaughter-house between Bendigo Flat and Iron Bark ©uily, one dark Brown Horse, branded CK on off neck, large white star on forehead, and saddle marks. Whoever shall fetch the same to Mrs. THOMSON'S, Argus Office, Bendigo, or to Mr. THOMAS BAKER'S Stables, Queen-street,Melbourne, shall receive the above Reward. 5489." Miscellaneous. L OYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION, i69o.—The Anniversary Dinner, in commemoration of the Battle of the Boyne, will be held in the Protestant Hail, on Tuesday Evening, 12th July. Tickets, 30s. each, to be had of the Stewards, and at the Protestant Hall. Dinner ou the table at seven o'clock. 1229 H ENRY COOPER & CO., late Sailmakcrs to the Portuguese Navy, beg to iuform the Public that they have opened their Establishment on Emerald Hill, facing the road from Sandridge, where Sails, Tents, and Tarpaulins will be made on the shortest notice and most moderate terms. Orders left at Mr. lhos. Scott's, next door to Messrs. H. A. Smith at>" Co.'s, Market-square, will be duly attended to. 63063 T O Merchants and Consignees of Goods.—The unde>- . signed having observed the almost •"--.' ":. state of the Wharves, and •!-<•> .,; ing HtrVo-sv * ., .. „ em ••• '-.' . . . .. ridj- ... E fro:. full genall - onl- At • -fcVi v.':-, war!-. ; war< J. Gre -.- .- kct-... • Ji- - XVXiscellafl@'otie< N OTICE.—To the Settlers of th*e Mun-ny district and tlic public in general.—l hereby give notice that I never authorised James M'Kcllnr, who was in my'employment, to give orders or contract debts in my name ; anil-1 .shall not be responsible for any dc&ts; the above-named individual, or any other person, may have contracted in my name without n>y written order. 1IEN11Y BEATSON MORRISON, Oeelong. 3026 OTICE.—Tiro" Undersigned will, c-n- 1st July, remove to theSr own premises, corner of Great C«rllins-s»?eet, west, a-.wl- SiM'nccr-street; and- they liave again 8> request that all parties who raay- have luggage o? merchandise,- stored with them, 13-cscntly oceB'jJicd by them, wilf remove the same foitliuitii. K1D3TOH, IIAIiVEY AJS'D CO., 9, Markcff-strcct. • 55904 H OKSE Shooing! JSorSo Sluicing!—Tlie b'cst'and cheapest, forge iir Slclboartus is Wliitemiin's, at the Albert '-Stables, Stephen-street, removed fiom Littlc Collins-street, west. 537il6 N OTICE oi- Rcmoval.-^rye and Miskin, 1-unw-al UndcrtaWs and BuiSrlors, have remove.? rr«™» Ford and Scnffuw'.s, Stcphcn-sti-eet, to tno Trobc and Spriuvf-f'trects. \- -.--.. = .! . pi. '.' j-.-s •-.: crali : • • mannv: •>2560 ? H'-KJmmem •• - • -.:'.sts that ••.-...•• ...vth for- •.!••- *.is ofEdwl Hotel, '' • ".' •' ose, Mar.. 48960 oi:;;:, U>-i: 0. The immigrants byM%e above vessel will bFopen for dsy, as follows: — Tlie married :00k at . , . , , , . person will be admitted to the single females depot, to wise servants, without an ordep, which can be obtained on personal application «t «Mt? office, during the usual hours of business. EDV AR» GRIMES, Immigration Aget&. Immigration Office, Melbourne, July 11th, 1853. zzi$ ilVjf.. V proJitr a-nd quick return principle, foi- ".«:ady money. 4-JiOl and are -iiiite preiaircd t*s*w all sorts- hone throna-h stric'.ness and attention 16 Uiaincss to hope throna-h merit a shs-vc of their support. 63753 W ARM< and Cold Baths at tlie Carlton Bathing Est! —" wood. Il6:!se the policy c-an periodical premiumstfcey had not been disaantiaued nsvcr.be forfaited. By- this plan of Assuraacc, therc'orc,. iise foliowiaga-'vantages are sceurc-i.by JHO policy— lv The payment of a principal sma-at-aspecifiedag 2\. An annuity to commence at tlsifc age. 3.. The payment csf.'u. i>rincipal sum la- tlie event ofdfcath, whenever that-may happen. i .The full benufii oF all- sums paid, alt)lough the sremiums should at : A-.y tfrac be dts-eontinaed. 5\. Relief from the rayiaesit of premiums, alter a speclfisclagc. . , ^ . .. 6\. Small periodicaJ payments, so. as.to eaat the conv^aicijca ofthe assured-. The premiums wila fee raade payable, quarterly, hal-fc. yearly, ©rvearly; bat by an avrau-gement with an-, agent acting for the society, they iiay be paid weekly or monthly. As an example of -a Sfelf-Protectir.g Policy, suppose irosiderable class of -.-nr laboring population—and *a (ford a wofitable inve iitti-nt for a portioiv of our vas-; -.y ecumulating capital—this Comply lias been poo- J e To d a community- like ttois, a large- amount of whose food is in. nor ted at suclran enormous ouUay, the price-? to the coKsumer rangin-f within wlvai may be considered fami.10 rates, the itr.portance of r-.ndsring constantly available a source of: supply literally imxhaustible cannot be over cstimatctV. In 1 prises commercial point of viyv,-: ; ,, profitable jesuita; but the success of the pceseot undcr- ; « snnriiiatiofi.-becn-mes pcrii'oof "a'cijoining, branded F near 'shoulilcr, the Lraiuls senrcci'-' visible. £5 Reward wilJIic given for ary inforniarion'tlnit will lead to its recovery; address William IJpiinctt, Irish Town, S. O. V-i~f\ RfOVv AliJ>.—Lost Oil Kangaroo «;u aflf.ii 5bllr a !5ay Gelding, l.lazc —WKN'rr- i'OUXDS RB WARD —stolon or st"a.j eit from Inverness Hotel, near the Deep Creek, on ... . i\ _... Unv./lv. 1*1:1 _;st^Hisl»mcut, Gortnidc-strect, v«sst,«Ailing- Ops.:!-every dav fro.-a seven a.m. to ciglit p.m. :«3o4 € (•)LijINGWOOD and iy<:hni.»iid ,'vniu:;enu-w5 and improvement.—Books lant, anil fych-inediasaud ."Book of Reference consulted ail Slater's, 13. V^el-liftgtons-iruot, near Blwik's: hours, x- ^ 11 and 3.30 t^> 8. 2588 U N E lit .V L P O S T O F VIC K, Melbourne. •Jf: —Oil Tt. <-s S!>".cecdinir Tuisd,:y, a Mail for tl'.o. Post Ofiice s-.tllcsthcc>, MMvor i>iyijiiigs, will be v.lo^iv.l at l-hift- 'jflice at 01m o'tlork (>.vt\\. '1'Uc rrst-.n-n Mail, will bs l'fccived e»«ll JM<>,-.'\;iy, at 2.:><* p.m. A. M'CH iSwf., tlik-r roatmust*r. 7.1» July,-i»53. B I^OKSHLLE...?!^ »->id Htorcki>"r.e« can be supplied wholesale, v-itb books at SI show r<»«ns, 13, Wel iurtoii-st-re'-t, near »l:i;-k'.-:, f .;ollii!«;wood; liours, eight S» eleven, an- Iw^f-past thrco to '--i;-.lit. 2592 nrtO Builders, Contractors, and I ing, Upholstery, and Painting.—Messrs. Miller, Mac&wlun; and Co. most respectfaUy beg leave •• nounce to builders, house proprietors,- contractor .-• others, ttet they have coininuncMi Business in th: - tral portion of the city, No. i.. Swaaston-strei above Mr.-Eve, Perfumer, C'.itey iiOHi SoHins-stve, • paper-hasgers, upholsterers, p.iinter^;. stretche: v.' mattress mravufacturers; and from the perfect knowU ;.• • they possess of these different branches?,, togetlwt v : a fixed determination to '.give ample satisfaction «•> gard to promptness and completeness of e.^ecuttor v moderate cliai^s, they express a hope of liberal e. •• agc-ment. Pa-rties, 011 giving notice, can- Oe fur-;,:'.-..-. with patterns of- papers, at their own residences. C ORRUGATED-Iron, Zinc, and Wood Stores • descriptio?»s-erected, materials found K- rcc' engine and pluurtir.ig work done in all its brasSfch'--. HENDERSON BAILES, engineers, tmr. Queen and Bourke streets. L IKENESSES taJeen- on ivory, cardboard, f. Mrs. Davidson- and" Mr. Frith, artists, at Ne . buildings, No 6 room,'.corner of Swanston ana <. • streets, below Aty/usomio. f T\E GRUOL1Y k MARRIOTT, Engravers a J f «iojji:.i*uCis,-*§, FJinders-lane, east. Cards heads, bank cheques, ivcceptaiwe», forms, bills of 1:. bills-of exchange, and w-ory otho7 description of plate and lithographic printing, at oonsiderabl;. -' than usual prices. 54525 Houses* &e;, W ILLIAMSTOWN.—For Sale* a large and substantial Store, situated near the Wharf, and I-IEADRICK 5'3 flllili IWiX l-roprrly.—l-Vr Sale, several choice sec- X'- tions in this estate, two aa^a-halS' miles from Melbourne, on the hill over the Mfcrri Creek Bridge, con- Siitiiiig - frovn 4 to 9 acrcs each;-- as per plan. Parties OiSsirous of purchasing suburban--land- are requested to inspect these allotments. The qgSility ofthe soil is ex ceifcnt, and Use scenery viewed! ttifcrafrons is extensive. AH particulars can be obtained,, on'application to John Mackenzie, Queen-street. 452_ 'i')ARE~Chaiieu.—Freehold Property.—For Sale by Jt\> Private Contract.—That County Inn, at Cressy, on the Wardy Yallock, known a>i»e l-'rencfeaaan's, and allowed-to be one of the best staads ; on the g?eat line of traffic td-the westward, and disteftt- '^S miles from Geelong. A -new house has been lat^y erected, and the supplies fo"r winter laid in. Terms liberal, /or particulars a->piy to Messrs. Gibson and-Cmrle, Geesong; the Proprietor on. the premises; or to the ms^wsigned. THOMAS HORSBURG, Ageacy Office, Majketsquarc, Oeelong. 1592- T ATj n ut SJn.Vr>ds«, several |.,acre ailoteeents, in I a good - situaiioXs for sale; a®nly to WILLIAM UUEliiN, Land-agent, 29, Great Bouske-sttcet, east. 3061 sea, are vlicril.lo aiu. '.-oiijmoitions. Rel.!r«'nce.« are ]»• rmitteil <0 the Jt'ev. Mr. Per»-3>.c F OR Sa?e, a-Wooden House, tweatwrtmeata, suitable foi either shop or dwelling- house; plan* to be seen at the ott'.ce of Melville and Robertson, 36j Williamstrcr-t 3539 OR Sale, a very superior Englisli'-made Wooder rrouso, consistof two rooias and attic-; apply to Bligh an.- O^H'-^-sifeat. 3429 F Oll Saife at- G-re-.it Brighton—A>. Brick- aniSlated Verandah Cottage, containing fiinr rooms,.entrance hall, pantry, and'.kitchen, with bricit-'.oven, etc:, and a. J 1 l.LV-n. O, wit*--. v. -o — JS.B. O;-la-mental wsiting on glass, d'.^r. C~ AUTION TO I'OUNDKBKPERS. — Stolen- Strayed, from Mr. Parker's run, Mount 1-ranklir., on or about 1st of June, one -psey Horse, branded F IVE POUNDS REWARD.—St-myed from M'fcoaa 9 station, Lowe? Goulbom, in October last, ;•, dark Bay Mare, brc.ndcd E JJ coujoineS iRear shouldev JIB ducc hi in-as their sue-jessoy. , ^ .. Mr. Edward Smith will rcceivc all «.;rf?4s and pay :}«- bilitics on account of She late establU'Hiuent, his receipt bciiitc acknowledged l.-y us-as a sufflci-s.t^discharge. S?4iT/.l .& .K1RK, 55, Cfollin3-strei % Melbourne. In reference to the ibowe, E. Smith "Segs-to inform-ais friends aad-.the public geiK-rally, tha i he will carry m thebusiress as hereicfocc, and trusts- that, with strrnt atteutioiv, and supplying'the best s;oods at t-lie iov.est priccs, he vrill a-eccivo a countenance • «f that support tiiat was so. liberally oonfferred on his pvedecessors. Victoria Leather Warehouse, Gcclc-ug, July 7th, 1W3. 2770- > MB be recclvcd by hir->,during . tAatage; and in the event of his deata at anytime,, (however soon thai.ttiay happen aSer lie has made i-Uefirst i»yment,) the. £50 will be i»»id to bis reprcscrAatives, or any one he. may have appointed to receive it. Bt doubling the oremium, the sunt assured wia.be £100, and tlie Annuity £20, and iSin nlac? of lixing '.ip- 011 the of 60 for the receipt of Sicse sums, he sht.-ulrt make it 55, the premium for an Assuratsce of £50, ami an Annuity of £10, would be 6s. 3d. moatthly, or £T. l-6s. 9d. yearly. Aud- as an example cf tlie effect of discontinuing a Policy suppose a person, aged 25, to take a Self-Protecting Policy for an Endowment and Assurance of £100, arid an Annuity sf-.£20, payable on attaining 60 years of age, and to continue the payment of t".:e premiums only-until he rcachos 35 years of age, and. then to discontinue them; in such case the PoKcy will remain effectual to the exter.s-.of au Endowmctsaor Assurance to the amount of £27.4s. 6d., and an Ac-iulty of £5 8s. I0d., without.tfic payment of further premiums. For tables of scales of premiums and other infemation apply to the- agents. Medical reference for Ms?bonrne, Dr. Wilkis.. Agents, ANDERSON, TAYLOR, & CO., 04, Great Collins-street, east. 440 wno nave svui. m . mwtin" • fn^U narties" Who ^^ul^polus o n S , J'e I ^T.U'^owini^nportance of the Aust fati, tt herebv KSJ«iat"wcTdopoStt will be forfeited 5®eibytoIstablifhment ^of'a^^tnAwonig X Mon£-,Tit^ the amount of entrance S f u s line than any that at present exisfc, «athe ^ ^»er ,t. on i ioviftys arc thrui paid in full. Intend- I tUmus of Panama, where the railroad, 1 m tte fag sharehohlcrs m c Squcsted to pay particular atten- | consfcl. Uctlon, will, it is confidently expected, tion to this notice, as in consequence of the large course of - - be completed next September. . . For ties purpose it is proposed to consteuot ste-amshins of adequate capacity and power, combming all the improvements in thoir hull and machinery which skill a 1.£" C Xaf stated periods, proceed^direct to amount of business to bo done at the general meeting. it will be found inconvenient to issue new shares on that niirht For the convenience of members residing at a diftance, and for facilitating the business ofthe th 6 Protestant Hall will be open, and the direc- , ... hese , vll. v .„ , Se irSlVnce at the general meeting on ^ Xnce their cargo and pa^ngers wiU be Wednesday the i:«h inst., from four • clw ° res *- - • - - embarked on wiU then adjourn till seven o'clock, ouested to remember the numbers of t sharw. A sale of shares will take place precisely, 2255 ROBERT GOODWIN. Socretary. OtaUeite or other convenient station, awl-accomplishing whMe dbtance, whether to or from England, in about fl f Thoecli the route of Panama at present offers the most rapid means of reaching Australia in the manner uivav 1* .. . 1 it- /\t tlxio flnriminv tA AOS. industry in- this colony a« pr - ,. average rscurns to the iaftmer than that of usluiig, though it is carried on in- the most jcaperfoct manner and on tta purest sca:.o, the flsheoian's earnings averaging from five pounds per day sxd upwards ; but unfortunately whilst the harvest is so .abundant, tlic laborers are sofew as scarcely to form an ajspreciable fraction of our population. It - is iaientlrtl that this Company shailt have boats well supplied with all necessary gear for carrying onfishing (S«luatng oystcv tlrodging), in tlie most approved manner, witli ons-or-more cn?ing stations, thewhole to be «wler the management (subjuct to the control of tlic Directors), ©f thoroughly experienced superintendents. Actual -operations canbeccvinmcncet- :is soon ts the shares luivse been allotted-, and the legal: organisation of the Comuaoy completed.; r.o difficulty in procuring the necessity boats and hands is apprehended, and as the income of tlie Company vnll closely. follow r.r»n the expendSauie, it will nr&baoly; become unnecessary to make IKOKO than a single call upon theshares Jor . some time, ualess it besomc expedient to enlarge considerably the--now intessled- «pfeere ot tr.»: Compay.yls operations. „ , The projectors confiifentiy calcnlato-upoa: the prompt; and energetic co- opora'- ion of all wSo desire to see tbe vast, iiiiusti'ial resources-of this line- country fully developed, avid to rescue its citiaens froifi.the charge of ea utter -*ant of spirit ot put.lic enterprise which has been; too long and with too much justice imputed to them. Application for shades and Prospectuses may be mad® to Me. Khull, Sharetcoker, Collies-street; to the Secretary ; or the Solicitor to the Company. 3239 Whoevcrwill deliver thssame or to Messrs. McUourn®, MILLOY. 2407 FTUIREE POUNDS REWARl>.—Caution to Auc JL. tioneers and Others.—Stolen or Strayed,on the evening of the 6th instant, from- Mr. Balbirnls* paddock. Gardtcei-'s Creek road, Bay Pony, about 14 hands high, three years old. branded F on= neaT shoulder, a small patch of white on one hind heel, switch tail. The above Reward will be given on delivery, or information of the hcrse, at the Marlborough store, corner of Gardiner's C.-^f-'k road. 2943 B ANK OF VICTORIA, Capital £1,000,000, of £50 •e?.cfe. 20,000 Shares. . . Established for receiving deposits, issuiEg' notes, discounting bills, makio?-advances on approved securities, and transacting every; other description, of banking: busifcss. Directors: G tBELONG AND WESTERN DISTRICT FIRE | AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY.— Instances effected, both on Fire aud Marine Risks, on behalf of the above Company, by HERRING & MOODY, Agents, Flinders-streets 48165 T EN POON-DiS REWAR1:—Lost from Gcelong.— One Black Cobb Horse, branded E off shoulder, A NC near aesk, star on forehead, hind feet white, sli-.'htiy lame iu forefoot. TSL® above R-.ward- will be paid to any pariy- that will bring the horse-, or give informatioa as will lead to her- recovery. JOHN DtJRPE, Oxford Arms, Geelong. 3246 J HEWITT has for disposal, ii» the best< part of • Richmond, near the church, a v'erandafc Cottage of four rooms, finished in a t-istel'j! «nd - substantial manner; for jarticuiars apply to J. ifltfwitt.e^i.Queenstreet. 3424 N OTICE.—To Stockholders and . Others.—Mi->lde and Bakcwell inform their l'ric .uVs and the public, that, from this date,, they relinquish their business as aittie brokers in favor of Messrs. Kaye aud Butcfeart, for wh^a they solicit a continua'iae of that support which they- have received during the time they have been iu- business. With reference to. the above, the undersigned nave to state that they- v-iU do all in theis power to gair.-.that contide-acc which Messrs. Micklc and- Bakcwell have obtained, and.theyti-.ust, by strict attention to business, and pvomptitudc iaa settling acco>iats, to meet with a continuance of tlio same s.uppoi-1.. KAYli and ittJT- CHART. 41, Bourkc- street, July 1st, lSf3. 7 iOIlTMAN, Ac.—M. J. Booker, 64, Great Botu-ke street, wesi, opposite Kirk's Bazaar, or Litue Oxfcid-street, (r.ear Ooilingwowl. Hotel); closcis, .cespools,&c.;, emptied at twelve hoi.ss notice, by <««^ or. two horse carts, 011 most- moderate trims. N.B.— of r-ibbish and raunuc r<-R»ovod. _ f|">WO Cottages at Richmond—For- Sale, isi.-tlie pre- 1 ferabls part-of Richmond, witl ri few mmates' walk of tlie cnnrch, a weather- hoarc^d Cottagaef four rooms, finisfccd-Yvitha due regard to. -comft>rt-: and elegance; also, a-veny superior weatiifcr-boardSd Cottage of two rooiriVj- lifted! and papufed throughout;- These cottages avs IrE the same eligible siMuvtioir, .an4they will be sold MI -very reasonable tcrr.sj j-tor particulars apply to J. Hewitt, 67, Queen-street. 3425- L AND for Sale, in the Undermentioned LocaKtUs, on a liberal :crcdit.—In Therry-stroet, at of Klizabc-th-streefc; fn Wellingt/.n-slroet,- Collihgwood, near the rssi Aonce- of Captain Hatlon-;! in various other parts of Co/iifigjwwid; on the EmcraJ.fl- Hilly Sout» Melbourne; in Itahran, in first-rate and- elevated, situations; in the parish of Boroondara, within'3 miles and 5 miles of. Meifeeimnc, in any quantity, from one-acre to fifty acrcs. „ , , . . Apply, U'twesn the hours of eleven -and two tfciock, to T. B. l'AYNE, 81, Little Collins-street. 51904 P LION BID Iuvestment.—T'is Cormval^ Hotel, Launceston, Vsn Diemeo s Land.—The propert. kiiown as She Crtrnwall Hotel, and premises, possessiry a str^et frontage of ^ tfeet, and ccuaining an- area weirknown thaJ-.it is scarcely r.e^ descri ptioa of Its-adTantap to observe. that it has far maay yc • possessed almost toe em, s inftc wtekly steam northern r.ide of Uie is.a-^^sUwished between Launcescommunic^ oa has been e^i. m*ht tlie amount »t rpr * a wiTfTjDING AND INVESTMENT SO I proposed, it is not the intention of this Company to cos. T L AIty Notice-The entrance fee in this Selves to it, should a moredesirable means of , J 2 m K'S^f to tUirty shillings per share, after S t across any other section of Central America *c 'lr of'lalv! being the second monthly meeting Moody, Flinders-street, the 13th di-.y July, being 1 lllSWIi: M^d^U«K'!r]Liders arc informed that the scrip of thf sticVwin b ' ^ toVe issued to members on and gsttgs will be entitl<- A Si o f w i l l take pla--e at rune o'clock.pre cisely. ROBERT GOODWIN, Secretary. 2256 bourne, Victoria; Messrs. Lewis, Barber, and Co., Syduey. FORM OF. APPLICATION FOR SHAKES. . To t : e Directors of the AustralianDirectSteamNavigation Company, via Panama. Gentlemen,—! request that you will allot ms—shares of £'5 each in the above Company, and I engage to accent tlie same or any smaller number that may be aSlotcd to me, and to pay the deposit of £2 per sha*e thereon noon the allotment, and to execute such deed or d ods of settlement as may be allowed b* the Regular of joint, stoek companies. Dated Uiis — day of—, 1863, Name vaarlv General Me'i'iiiK v ' "" "" , ----- next, two of whom arc eligible for re-election. Vl Z '""George Annand, Esq., M. L. C., William ITiglK-tt, Esq., WiUi-wn F- Splatt, E:«|., M. L. O. a„,i dnlv (iu-.'ifi(-'l Pr oprietors, who intend to bccome andMates fTtiie ^ Residence Pi of-S'iou ortr:wlC- U(-r.-io::..-e 51527 Melbourne, 1st July, 1*53, .lieraK;"?: ^ ^ Fiind.slane, corncr of Quccn-strcet. T ilW AUSTRALIAN DTRECT STEAM NAVI- GATION COMPANY.—At a meeting of the Hoard of the Directors of the Australian Direct Steam Ni vi-'atioi. Company, Panama, on Tuesday, 8th K«'h i " Resolved, that the number of shares to be Lsei-v-d lor the Colonics be 12,000, representing a paiduocaiiital of £300,000* »nd that tl»o agents of the Com, piny in ihccolonieivbc itistructed and authorised to receive applications for siiares and allolsliares to th« above (Xtent'aiid alsutomakc arrangements ior the iinmcdl. Secnitary pro (em.; ^FlCdfrs street, Molbourue, 51910 George , Wm. Nicholson, Esq., M.L.C. Wm. F. Splfitt, Esq., M.L.C. Alexander Wilson, Esq. Auditor: Joseph Herring, Esq. Solicitor: H. J Chambers, Esq. J. Matheson Manager,. GCEIOSG BRANCH. Local Directors: Jar»«s Austin, Esq., J.P. Sitos Harding, Esq. Andrew B. White, Esq. Solicitor: J. C. WaUace, Esq. John Maclachlan.,,,..... Manage?. BIXKAS-T BUANCN. William Young .,.,...•• Manager. Agencies: kju^n The London and West minster Bank. New South Wales Tlie Australian Joint Stock Bank. Van Diemen's Load-. The Bank of Van Diemen's Lam: v South Australia The South Australian Banking Company. Arrangements are also in progress for- establishing agcncics in India, America, and the- Continent of E The Bank is prepared to issue credits, grant drafts, and purchase approved bills on England and the colonies, at the cxcliang« of the day ; and i-lso to negotiate all monetary operations tlwit uuvy bo cou-idc.rcd within the limits of banking business, on tlw m-.»:t lilteral terms. Discount days—Mondays, and Thursdays at noon. Office Hours—From 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. J. MATHE- SON, Manager. Melbourne, 27th May, 1853. 393 B ANK OF VICTOUIA.—Notice is hereby given, that application will lie made to the Legislative Council of Victoria, during the ensuing Session, for leivvc to bring in a Bill to incorporate the Company lately established, and now carrying 011 business at Melbourne and elsewhere, under the stylo of the " Bank of Victoria," and to limit the liability of the proprietors, and generally to regulate the affairs of tho Bank. Dated at Melbourne, this 28th day of May, 1853. HUGH J. CHAMBERS, Solicitor Coy the liill 16203 € HURCH OF ENGLAND ASSOCIATION, FOR. PROMOTING TEMPERANCE. PATROJI.. His Excellency C. J. La ISrobe, Esq., Limten?uit Governor of Victoria. VICE-PATRON. The Lord Bishop of Melbourne. PKKSJDENT. His Honor Mr. Justice-Williams. VLCE-PLMBSIDENTS. The Honorable the Attorney-General: The Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne.. IIOSOKASR SECRETARIES. Charles. J. Griffiths, Esq. Colin Campell,. Esij. TREASURER. Thomas A'Beckct, Esq. COUJOTTEE, C AUTION to Poundkeepsi-s and Othcss.—Lost or Stolen^ about fifty a-.ijes from Mclbcarne, on the Ovens Pvi-.'er Road:— A chesaut draught Maw, no brands, silvery mane and tail,.rather large joints. Also, r.-bay draught- Horse, branded JPncar shoulder, from a paddock near Melbourne.. Also,.a-black draught Mare, branded 3- near-shoulder, near hind fctlock wliito, from a paddock hi Little Brightc-a.. Any person bringing .the same to €5; COATES, Port Phillip Club Hotel Stables, or giving-such Informationas will'lead to their recovery, shall *oceivc Five Pounds, for the chesnut maro 4 and Three Fanods each for the other two. 54536. REWARD.—Lost from tha-cloor ofthe Adelivido OMD Stores, Little Bourke-stroct, east, on tlic-7th. July, one Roan Dsaught.Mare, no. visible brand, f.trfc-i, rough and poor, with blinkers ca.. The above Rc.vwrd will be paid to aoy party who- will deliver the same to Mr. WIGGIN, 121, Little B;ourkc-strcet, east,. Melbourne. 3339 TVt'"lCfl-ITMEN.. — Messrs. i^'Jis. Wa'^oj),. .<1 Co., Qucenstoy-strcut, Kortti Ma.,H.ru^ ^ ;attlQ Yards; box for orde;sat i-ord and &cu;»»^ t vblcs, Stephc-a-strcut. Ord-^ executed uiti, economy C:i stiblcs, a>sd despatch. C. J. Griffiths, Esq., T. A'Beckct, Esq, O. Browne, Esq. W. U. Tripp, Esq. Dr. Knaggs Dr. Singleton Mr. White? Mr. Budd Mr. Adamson Mr. Webb ME. Goodwin Mr. I-Iuntley Mr.. Harrison Colin Campbells, Esq. R. W. Pohlman, Esq. H. C. E. Childers, Eso. G. W. Home, Esq. Dr. Howlett Mr. Petrick Mr. Bo-x. Mr, Bennett Mr. Graham Mr.. Ware Mr, George M-t. Walter T WO POUNDS REWARD/—Stolen or Strayed, » Bay Mare, branded WD off ncck under maue, left last on the W Creek witli hpr foal. Whoever will br'.ns the same to. JAMES WALKER, Ship Inn, lane, shall xeceivc the above Reward. 5 2 - 26J N IGHTMAN.-James O Br.en h«s a ^-S Wiltcr. • of horses and cai-ts, i *a.>y foi m0st ilosets and ccssnoolS ^ ^^rkc^treot, reasonable terms : » 52259_ west, lour R Of Russell ' f a t the shortest execute m U ^ Oom.M, ilv ffe •-'- bar, with cvffse-^nd parlor, tos??tlv . viih 'ar^e .'-i-Chen, store »nd oi'aer .vquisifes for such an establishment; in addition to which a»e the Asscvblv Bwms, recently crectcd considerable ct,- : which, from the txcellence of ari angements, . unri valled in the colony. Th-f-y-consist of a r.oble t roor.lv 65 X 30, 20 feet high, .lavjr.g capacious m p-aKer-y- exteiiflinj;' across o>2.end, with- snpper re. •. : above.of equal dimensions. The building, from its f:?eat stability, when no. retired tor the nurpose for •which it was erected, cau bo used for warehousing, or any-other purpose. The stabling is brici:.bsili* and well ar-ang^, an a-'fords accommodation fos-unwards 08 twenty horses, with coach-houses, extensive granaries, sheds for carrplIOMAb jj 0urjse-strcct, west, opposite Kirks. 1 mfdc to order, cn. moderate chargcs.. ^ forthe ^.oneasyt:^ -^--^TrrrFsNFJ.GUOVE, Wholesale Warfnearly op^e ROBT. GOODWIN, Acting Secretary, 30, Flinders-lane, west, To whom all communications are requested to be addressed. Melbourne, 28th May,. 1853. CITY of Melbourne Gas and Coke Company.—Notice is hereby given, that a Call of ten shillings per share, being the sixth installment, was made this day upon all shares held in the above company; and shareholders are requested to pay the same on or before the 5th day of August, at the office of the company, Great Collins-street, west. JOHN ALLEN, Secretary. July 5th, 1853. FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Lost, a white hair Trunk, with the letters S. B., in brass-nails on wx top; any person delivering the same at oar stores, w. reccive the above Reward. YOUNG & SPIERS, opp 0- site Cote's Wharf. IVE POUNDS REWARD.—Strayed »b°ut the 26th June, from Mr. Lillburne's Paddo°k, »«r ?e Creek, a chesnut Gelding, seventeen hands "'6"-" led star on forehead, scar above near eyesrow, ana 1 * G on near shouldsr. When lost had on a hauer. * ever will return the same, or ^JnformaUon »e»a « to his recovery, to 157, Little Collaw.street, ®» s^900 bourne, shall receive the above Reward. — B ALAARAT,—T. U. PROCTOR, Goldsn^h elltr, and Watchmaker -T. R. P-, 01 long, begs to inform the i« ha^"Vb^ne^opposite vicinity, that he has now settled.111business n d the Commissioner's Camp, near the large J oov. le, not being subjcct to the he&vy; rents that town 1 ^ are, ho will be able to G.W every sa«sf»cu« tei customers at town rates, oft prices- » manu. ear-rings, and every ^^^P^^^rcau have rings faetured in a supcriw style. Diggers wu ^ made from their own S^W. Wateh i^es. K^^^^^^ hands, always for sal®. Names engraven ou rings, etc., in a superior style. j eweUer" on it, N.B.—The tonihasaredfiag with oewe*e 45i95 and a ball over it. n Xof cv,ry ^ ^ t ^^'lomal martots, is the Their l^Hg ^cpenenc^n tue^^ ^ , vb0 may be . t g„amtee thcy^an to e W g lt N Vail dcsciiptions of goods. N OTICE of Removal. — The Counting-house and Storos of the undersigned from this date will be Quccn-strcet, south, opposite Dickson, Gilchrist, aud Co.'s—BEAVER & STEVENS. • July llth, 1853. 3533 T HE noble Art of Boxing scientifically taught In ten lessons, by Mr. Dallas. Gentlemen waited on at their own residences. Address to Isaacs ant\ Co., 61, Western Market. • 3576 ™vF™UNDS HEWARU.-Stolen torn t Eureka Diggings, on the N o K Horse brawled H near shouWer blotU^unaer, ^ ^ tsssa&yi; swssz Ani-nniissioner's Tent. Baiaarat, 'ce.«5sry to but to a st>".- is frVV'-'-.fd wel> -'y.'at« • taii.-^u. APi-:.- maoe to JA '. u • .tA-. west,Melbourne: ALFRED ' long; or to WILLIAM DO. Launceston. '.i.ins on the locality^ well to observe, thit it- .f fcha town, and that-a. .• nt ir -iot :«.•' i o-> T OWNSHIP OR BSS».NDOR —Fo>- Sa!-. . to a, govern "-'••'"' • land is be .-•'•.-.•..-.! tural purpc-i-w ' water resei.-'. For furt'•;»:• ;'."'i^'• Neave's-bu-.-i : .:i.?.- 1608 ^BCKAN, BLACKWOOD, & CO., Ship Cliand : lew, and Sail Makers, 2, King-strcc*,, \VhaiI. TRVINB'S make'of Trousers lit comrortaWy, 1 Gracefully oyer tho foot, without strap, w» walkTng, or dross, 52, Little Bonrkc-stroet, second^ioor west of Swanston-strcot. B OROONDARA.—Aiioxmeuts of s, " ...j^- The nroi>erty of Mr. Joseph Walters! - .-.. Gardners ureek, only jJed with the Y a r r a . — — beauty by any wtthin the the creek,and goon toPrrfn chaJn^ide,wW«h cross , 8 ^ dlv,., ®n !d °lso of 0110 chain wide, connec the ceirtr© hy a n aa f ^ oommBnSofttiDg these twoGovernm ^ easUnd west1. a thirdiGovernme , N;ewf artlved om.gr^ direction ot ' '- J lic£ lf , honl/ free fl. om the ^ ^ U o s ^ and AN T H R N0 • lESAfSS iv. , s and expense of ^06, i n n° eS will fi» ^noi'l't or vak °The propel > disfant two ^ si- miles fro* St. Kiw* ^ b--- the cs-- fes of the most w d rtii'i. rf the suburbs is higM*P "TXTAT'l', Elcctro- Plater and Gil.lcr, has removed to T V Groat Lonsdalc-street, fcast, next door to tb.c | Cross Keys. All kinds of plating and gild'.ng dono; I old candlest- lcUs, spoous, re-platct\ 9331 ono brown Horse bramta^rw ^ ^ nfiar sh{!ulder. \- - « J h, pivon on conviction of Uio th^Cor £50 lizard mVrbe given 00 « llrid £5 Reward If thieves, aod iecoveiy ot tn p^^eo^, Auo- S S S t h . The propc' Rlebmord, a rounded on a —by whom " from its lieal lars may be hon's. Groce - . liawthorne, » 011 the groan. wtttse, that ire- „lles.ft» i witii -ui active young 11E Advertiser wishes 1^'/'"^U Ihr the use of that man, having abort «w». ntl, ict, WOnld liivrc i >»o.\ctt»tc salary UU1.V - ^ ^ i))t(. rcst. Fun He would also bo allow™. ^ particulars, vjitU tiUaj-wpor,. tm dressing ot X. L-, om«-t 01»..»1 os'. ces of tho ffi0 ?\\. „ r|jed rhoi."r f the suburbs is higN* V v and Tertile soil Further PJJ ft>. ..anstou-strcet; at \'.ichiftond •, ot Mr. Josep'. 1 a Co*'^ -»-ir.» e a 'our .001 weather boarfleu i|l$i, ;: F wkf & *ace * eacH.oo.n, .0 with deal, and laVh t y7afeetdei^.;V frontal to Fra«xlU:-strert. 1 » • / right of way 30 ^ ' ' « tot P^t xpjly to Henry JerjiWH « V 