FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. ; riîANOB. ' i Tho iiitontion of tho Govornmont to o(> oporato in tho construction of lodging houses for tho working-claBsos and em- ployés of small incomo, has oxcitod a good deal of intoroat. Tho measure will not givo satisfaction to ono class nt all events -nnuioly, tho^ proprietors, who soe in such competition an unjustifiable . intor foronco with private spéculation. ' Many of these proprietors wcro Socialists in theory, but they arc now discontented at finding n part of tlmt thoory carried into practico, for ninny persons think they can discover iu tho articlo of tho Moniteur of yesterday a deckled tendoncy to Socialism. The Assemblée Nationale, for instance, Fays: " Wo cannot give our opinion of that communication ns it deserves ; wo only say that it is very gravo, both by tho net to which it rofcrs, and by tho tendencies which are manifested in it." It is hut fair to observo, however, that thu evils which tho plan of tho Govern- ment, or rathol- of tho Emperor (for it is ho whs in reality has ?euggoetcd it), pro- poses to alleviate or remove, havo seldom been felt moro Bovorely by tho humbler classes than since tho itunicnso improve- ments in Paris have beou commenced. House-rent has risen enormously within tho last 10 or 12 months in every quartor of Paris, and thosowho formorly inhabited tho moro open and moro healthy quarters, but whoso means do not suffico for tho ex- cessive augmentation, aro obliged to seok clsowhoro for house-room. Tho demolition of hundreds of houses, and tho clearing of narrow, incommodious, and unhealthy lanes and courts, "has produced n gonornl emi- gration ; and tho worlung- cloBses, who wura mostly, if not exclusively, tho tcnantB, havo boon forced out of thoBO çhoap and dingy abodos to other sites, not much bettor, tut considerably donror. Within tho last six months tho rout of th oso wretched lodgings has, liko tho rout of otlior quartors of tho capital, rison oxcossivoly, sud far boyond tho means of tho ordinary workman. It has hoon ascertained from returns furnished by tho Paris Ohambor of Commerce, that moro than 40,000 malos and G000 females, bolonging to tho working classos, resido in furnished lodgings-en garni ; tho two-thirds permanently, tho romaining portion ¡only during tho working sonsom Tho operatives cn garni aro dividod into two cíaseos. Of tho formor each occupies a sopnrato room, tho othors. a largo room in common. Thoso of tho second class aro far moro numerous than tho othors. Tho man who rents a sopnrato room pays for it nt tho rato of from 12f. to lCf. a month ; and thoy aro comparatively in a comfortable condition. Othors, much loss so, rant olosots, for which they only pay from Cf. to Sf. a month, and thoao aro also moro Humorous than thoso who pay tire higher rent. Tho first class of workmen aro gcnornlly tho best conducted and tho most industrious, and thoy gonorally ond by tnking unfurnished lodgings, which they furniiili thomsulvos. Thu qtiartors whom these Inst uro uh i elly to ho found, ave near tho Elysco, tho Madolaino, St. lOimtuolic, tho AI ¡Historial Hotels, tho Opera, thu I3uiik. llio Tuileries, lloiirg 1'Ahbo, llinrno Nouvelle, tho Ecole do Medicino, (St. Sauveur, und thu Marais. Tho workmen who - pass tho night hy douons or moro in thu Bu/no room or dor- mitory rout their bods by tho mouth or by tho night. They pay nt tho rato of 120 contimoB, or 4 sous, at most per day, or lOo, at leant. Tho number of bods, if bods they can bo called, iu thoso rooms is from four to six ; and tho quarter« whore, this class of lodging-houses most abound aro thoso near tho Luxembourg, the Jardin des Fiantes, tho Palais Royal, tho Invalides, > tho, Arts et Metiers, tho Roquetto, tho Marcho, the Hotel do Villa, tho "Ruo Baby Iona, tho Mont-dc-picte, St. Lnuront, St, Mory, tho Templo, the Louvre, the Douane, tho Theatres, the Champs Elysees, tho Sorbonne, St. Marcel, ' Fepinconrt, and tho Islands of tho Soino. As thoso places approach nearer to tho barriers thoy boconio moro squalid and moro unhealthy. Several families aro found in that neigh- bourhood occupying tho same dormitory, and generally tho siugle workmen sleep two or throo in tho samo bcd. Tho bed is composed of a single mattress on looso planks, and tho covering of tho most scanty kind. There is no ventilation ex- cept what is procured by tho air entering through a broken pane of glass. Tho edifices which aro intended to be built, in order to remedy this stato of things, will, wo aro told, bo composed of sovernl storoys, divided into furnished rooms, for tho unmarriod operatives, and unfurnished ones for thoso who havo fami- lies, and tho sito will, as I havo already mcntionod, bo selected with a duo regard to tho health of tito occupants. Tho plans of tho construction will bo submitted to tho Minister of tho Homo Department, and ho will have tho right to fix tho amount of rent, so that tho intorost on the outlay made by tho company to'which tho conces- sion will bo made, shall not bo less than tho sum I mentioned in my lottor of Tuos day last, viz.: 4¿ per cent. Tho plan, it appears, was precisely in tho stato of for- wardness I mantionod, and tho Minister of tho Interior signed tho contract yesterday with tho company. Washing-houses and baths will ba among tho indispensable ac- cessories of thoso establishments, and wntor will bo carried hy pipos - to ovary room. Ono of tho first conditions is that there will bo no moro of thoso rooms or cham- bres, for common uso. In n. . word, tho best rosnlts aro oxpected . by the ^Emperor from tho execution of this his favourite plan for tho improvement of tho condition of the working classes. " It is very proba- ble that a political motivo may. have some- thing to do with it. Tho workmen thus lodged will bo botter watchod, and their movomonts moro accurately known to. the authorities, than they can be in their actual condition. They will bo moro under tho oyo of .tho Government, - and tho repression of disorder will, no doubt, bo moro easy. I havo already hinted nt tho possibility of tho plan not being popular with the classes for whoso bonofit it is intondod. ' Already, some objootions havo boon madb that tho disci- plino of thu workshops, tho ateliers whore thoy pass so many hours of tho day¿ is quito sufiloient for them, and that they have no desire to be under restraint whon thoir labonr is over. Tho words Mazas and Bastilo havo boon pronounced, and somo fear, and othors hopo, tho plan will, bo a failure Among tho latter aro, of courso, tho proprietors of lodging- hnuscB, whoso interosts will bo seriously affected by it,;, and whether tho Emperor gain tho popu- larity or not among tho working classes, it is cortain that ho will ¡ not .win much from the bourgeoisie. The ovil is un- doubtedly groat ; whether tho prosont bo tho host plan or not for remedying it is another question.-Times ; Correspondent, lGth May. In France tho Corps Législatif wero gradually growing bolder in opposition to tho Emperor, who npponrcd to have adopted a smooth policy, by showing every polito attontion to tho doputios. On tho 11th of May, M. Billnult announced that ho had received from tho Minister of Stato a projoct of law. modifying erdelos 8G and 87 of tho Penni Codo relativo to tho punishment of death. It wah under- stood to refer to tho re-establishment of tho pnnishmant of death, abolished by tho Provisional Government, in cases of High Treason. ITALY. It is stated that tho Austrian Embassy at Romo is about to bo replaced on its original splendid footing. An ambassador will bo appointed, and a regular service bf couriers will bo 're-established, whick will bting despatches ovory week to tho Austrian ambassadors at tho different Courts of Italy, as waB dono hoforo 1818. A CANINE REVOLUTIONIST.-Tho Sbirri at Romo lately compollcd an English lady to tako a sprig of myrtle from off tho neck of her favourite dog, giving hor to under- stand that tho dog was white, his tonguo rod, and tho wroath groon, thus completing tho Italian tricolour. Marshal Rndotzky has somowhat di- minished tho rigour of tho stato of siego nt Milan ; and tho Emporor of Austria has pardoned twenty-two Lombardo-Venetians nllogod to havo been concerned in tho lato insurrection. Tho Mndiai havo boen residing nt Hyoros for throo wcoks, with n friend. Thoy livo in strict soclusion, Booing only threo or four Christians of tho reformed faith, and Booking in solitudo and roposo to recover that health and strength which thoir long detontion and mental sufferings grontly injured. "Whon thoy nrrivod, Rosa was suffering considerably: from sup- posed plourisy, accompanied with fovor. Thanks to tho enlightened caro of tho ! physician, sho is bottor. ' Hor husband, Francosco, is apparently, judging from his oxtorior, stronger and moro robust ; but ho nunora in his hoad, and, thoro lies all his illnoss. KUSSIA. THE CzAn AND TIÍE EMPEROR OP CHINA. '-A lottor from St. Potorsburg, of April 20, soys :-" Thcro is much talk in tho beat-informed circles of n secret mission of n Russian envoy, sent to Chitin ovorlaud, mid who, it is said, has already arrived nt Kiathu, a town belonging jointly to tho two Governments, lt is confidently re- ported thut tho object of his mission is to offer to tho sovereign of thu celestial em- pire the aid of Russia for thc purposo ol' quelling tho insurrection" in his dominions." A military enquiry nt St. Potorsburg into some alleged embezzlements has tor-' initiated in tho dismissal of General Usoha kow, with six mouths* impiisonmont ; the, », dismissal of Admiral Kolsakow ; and son teneos of throe months' imprisonment on Generals Arbasow, Gr abbe, and Bass. PRUSSIA. Tho ceromony of investing tho Prince of Prussia with tho Golden . Fleeeó»- bf Spain, took placo on the 6th of May, with great pomp, in tho Golden Chamber of tho Berlin Palace, in tho prcBonoo of tho Kings of Prussia and Belgium, and all the royal princes.' It is rumoured that the King intends to confor the order of tho Black Eaglo on tho Duke of Brabant, and that Prince Frederick William of Prussia will receive tho Grand Cross of King Leopold's order. "- Iiis Majesty- ' had a long confer- ence with tho King of the Belgians, rela- tivo, as it is supposed, lo tho conclusion of a new Zollvoreiu treaty. 'Tho tax proposed- hy tho Government to he laid upon railways has been voted by tho two Chambers). Tho King of tho Bolgians and tho Duko of Brnbaut ; had loft Berlin for Vionnn, travelling by tho Silcsinn rail- road. TURKEY. Numerous letters from Odossa speak of tho preparations for war in tho different ports of tho Black Sen as going on with tho groatost activity. It ia certain that tho Turks aro arming ns woll as they1 are ablo. Considerable agitation is observad amongst the Greek population of Constan- tinople, in consequence bf tho rumours of intended massacres, ? and tho Porto has tnkeu 'precautionary measures, avoiding, however, any appearance of alarm. Lord Stratford do Redcliffe has had an unsatisfactory interview witli tho Grand Vizior, and it is said that they separated in anger. rOBTUGATj. The first sod of Messrs. Hislop and Waring's' projected railway from Lisbon to tho Spanish frontier had been ? turned by thoQuoon of Portugal, in a field about three milos from tho centro of the city. SWITZERLAND. The misfortunes of the canton of Fri burg are increasing. Tho town of Bullo has been tho socno of-a sanguinary out- break. An election lately took placa of a deputy to tho Grand Council, in the room M. Bussard, , deceased. The Conservatives formed nt least two-thirds of tho assentblyj bnt tho election being pronounced by the Prefect to .bo doubtful, they domanded that tho votes should.bo counted. Their voices, however, were drownod by roll of drum. Without using any. provocation, tho Conservatives ronowctl thoit de- mand,-whon tho Radicals, tho gonsdarmcs, the artillorymon, and tho carbineors rushed on their adversaries.' tho majority of whom had not even a stick with which to defend themselves. A scone of horror and car nngo commenced ; blood flowed under tho blows of sabros and muskots. Tho Radi oals talked -nt ono timo of bringing tho cannon against their adversaries. But the most frightful spectacle was to seo tho fury displayed against-tho Conservatives who could not escapo promptly enough. Tho old men; who wero naturally among this number, Bnffored considerably ; several wore so seriously wounded that thoir lives aro in danger. \- AMHRIOA. Tho dates from Now York aro to tho 4th May. - -Tho Japan expedition is.by no means to bo abandoned, common as tho report has boon. A portion of the squa- dron is already in tho Pacific Ocean ; other vessels h ovo sailed, and tho rest aro making their preparations, for a speedy departure. Tho commanding officer to whom the ox pcdit:on is confided (Commodore Porry) is a' vory efficient man, and ns ho fools the highest personal ambition to succeed, and tho Govcrnmout is giving him overy fa- cility, thero is a fair prospect that bofore another twelvemonth'shall come round in- teresting intolligouco will be rcceivod of tho result of tim oxpodition. I havo reason, for behoving that tho oxpedition has boon somewhat shorn of its ' strength, not so much from a lack of scamon as from n de- sire on tho part of Gonoral Piorco to impart to it tho most pacific aspect. A hundred gun ship ordered for tito oxpedition has been countortnandod. It was thought to add unnecessary forco to tho squadron. Lioutonant Balo, who has boon distin- guished for sovoral years ns n rory bravo ond daring officer of tho army, who had rondorod uncommon services to tho Go-, vcrntnont in transmitting its overland mail to California, and in pioneering partios of immigrants to that distant Stato, and who has boon appointed superintendent of Indian affairs in California, has, by his lato report, prosontod a sickening picture of savngo barbarities porpotratod by tho minors nud othor frontier inhabitants of California, on tho unhappy Indian nativos, mon, womon, and children-a pieturo tho truth of which could hardly bo established oxcopt upon tho incontestablo foots ho al legos and proves in his report. A signal triumph has boon rocontly achiovod in tho city of Cincinnati by right minded mon against a vory injudicious' attempt on tho.part of tho Catholic hie- rarchy to establish a principio in that Stato, which, if once conceded, would become a dangorous, and . perhaps in tho end might provo a fatal innovation upon tho eon .ditionB by which this Govornmont exists. It was announced by ono ' of the bishops of tho Catholic Church in tho west, a year or two ago, that tho canon law and tho crood_ bf tho Popo required, undor tho sanction of an oath, that tho principles of tho Church of Romo must bo taught by ovory toaoher of youth, whorovcr it is in tho physical or moral power of. that Church to onforco it. It was, moreover, said that tho archbishop WOB, by his official oath, bound to teach or causo to bo taught to all tho youth in his Church tho peculiar doc- trinos of tho Papacy, including tho per- secution, of Protestants hy tho Inquisition mid othor means, tho compulsion bf he- retics to roccivo and adopt tho papal creed! tho absolution of ciliisonu from thoir rm Iii of allegiance, etc. In puisunuuu of th¡8 regime, tho Catholic bishop of Ciuoinnnti and his wholo corps of priests, whon nt Inst they felt themselves strong enough ti} curry n locul election hy throwing their forco at the ballot-box in favour of any party who would sustain their VÍOWB, on« tared tho fi old, nnd, making a distinct isstio with tho nooplo vvhother or not Catholid schools should bo established by imblio luwj and maintained by taxation, wore most ignominiously, defeated. It «ras thoa under- stood that tho ontiro Catholic forco was to .bo turned- directly''against tho wholo sys- tem of, common schools, and again they wore' dofoatotl. It is pleasing to remark that when this samo trick was tried in the city and Stnto of Now York, some years ago, it mot tho samo fate, and it is still more satisfactory to think and to beliovo that any subsequent effort will have no better success. In a r ceo nt American journal, whose authority on tho subject may bo p ro tty safely quoted, I find tho following estimate of the uumbor of tho coloured raco now be- lieved to exist on this continent in slavery and in freedom : United States . 3,650,000 Jlrnail .. . .. 2,050,000 Spanish Coloides. 1,470,000 South Araoriouu Kopublics.. 1,130,000 British Colonies. 750,000 llnyli. 850,000 FroBoh Colonies. 270,000 Dutch Colonies. 50,000 Danish Colonies. 45,000 Mexico. 70,000 Canada. .. .. 33,000 Total .. .. 10,370,000 Of these, 7,500,000 are limlavory in tho United States, Urnz'il, and tho Spanish and Dutoli coio- nios ; 250,000 ore in progress of emancipation in thu South American Ilopaulios ; and tho remainder 3,C2O,0UO, aro freo. A convention for revising tho constitu- tion of Delawaro, at Dover, had passed tho following section of tho Now Consti- tution by a voto of 10 yeas to 8 nays ! " No free negro or mulatto, not now un inhabitant of tho Stato, or who shall loavo the Stato with intent to chunga his resi- dence, shnll, after tho adoption of this constitution, settle in this Stato, 1 or como ' into and romain within tho Stato moro than ton days. All con- tracts mado with any freo negro or mulatto coming into the State, contrary to tho provisions of this section, shall bo void ; and any porson who shall om ploy audi froo. negro or mulatto, or otherwise en- courage him to romain in tho Stato, shall bo fined in a sum not loss than twenty nor moro than fivo hundred dollars." The honourable Mr. Bayard, - in his speech, supporting the amendment, «tated that thero are 18,000 free negroes in tho State of Dolawaro, making about one-fifth of tho wholo population. In Maryland thero aro about ono-sixth,inNow Jersoy ono-soventh, and in Pennsylvania about ono-fiftioth. TUB NEW YOHK EXHIBITION,-Tim Crystal Polaco nt Now York is rapidly rising to completion. With tho oxcoption of tho floor, it is entirely constructed of iron and glass. Tho general idea of tho edifice is a Creek cross, surmounted by a domo at tho intersection. Each diametor of tho cross will bo 365 feet 5 inches long. Each nrm of tho cross on tho ground plan 149 foot broad. This is dividod into a central na vd and two aisles, ono on. each side. The central portion or navo is carried up to tho height of 07 foot, and tho somi-eircular arch by which it is spanned is 41 feet broad. Tlioro aro thus in effect two arched naves crossing each othor ut.right anglos, 41 feet broad 67 feet, high to tho crown of tho arch, and 3G5 feet long ; and on each side of thoso naves is an aialo 54 feet broad, and AB foot high. At each anglo is an octagonal towor 8 fcot in diameter, and GD feet high. Tho building contains on 'tho ground floor 111,000 squnro foot of space, and in its gnllorios, whiph .aro 54 feet wide, 62,000 squnro fcot more, making a total area of 173,000 square feet, for tho purposes of exhibition. The roof will cover an aroa of 144,000 square loot. Tho glass for tho building will amount to 30,000 square feet. Tho applications from Europe nvo principally as follows :-Groat'Britain, about 700 ; G orin any, not far from 600 ; Franco, ovor 500 j tho Netherlands, about 200 ; Switzerland, near 100 ; many from Italy, and sonio from othor countries. It was intended to opon tho Exhibition on tho 1st May, but tho event is postponed for a time. Biuggold's exploring and survoying ox- pedition was engaging tho attention of commercial and other circles. It consists of six vessels under tho command of Com- mander Cadwaladcr llinggold, which havo been equipped, rigged, aud manned, for the purposo of examining and surveying a largo portion of tho North Pacifie Ocean, Bulning's Straits, and tho Aretio Soo, so far north BB, may be found practicable, to- gether with tho adjacent coasts of America and ABÍO, thoso 6Urvoys having for thoir object tho promotion of commorco and of tho whaling busiuoss in those greatly froquontcd but slightly known rogions. In tho Qucbco Logislativo Council a divorco sued for by Captain William Henry Borosford, against his wife, on tho grounds of adultery and violonco, had been granted. It is statod that tho King of tho Sand- wich Islands, having beoomo alarmed ; nt tho dosigns of Franco upon his territory, had appealod to tho United States for pro- tection. No now nspcots havo orison since tho sailing of tho last steamer in our com- mercial or political world worthy of notice. Tho administration of Gonorol Piorco has 'hardly yet grappled with a singlo foreign question, and it will bo some weeks beforo defiuitivo instructions aro mado out to tho 1 new Ministers who aro to represent us in foreign countries.- Correspondent of tito Times. Barnum, tho American slrowinnn, is now n moinbor of tho Connecticut Legis- lature Barnum is putting up a tower, in tho vicinity of tho Crystal Palaco nt Now York, 300 feet high, to tho top of which visitors arc to bo lifted by a utonm ongino. It is slated on tho nu tl iori ty of n well known statistician, that tho New York daily papers consumo twenty-eight uoios of paper every day. j AMKMOAN BANKS,-Tho bank capita^ of tho Now England Stales amounts to 8U,70O,O0O dollars, namely : - Maine; .1,100,000 dollars ; Massachusetts, .13,200,000 dollars ; Now Hampshire, .2,000,000 dollars; Rhoda Island, 14,000,000 dollars ; Vermont, 2,800,000 dollars; Coumictiaut, 14,000,000 'düíliusl TJIUNDBII STORMS IN AMERICA.-By letters just received wo learn that sovere thunder storms lind beon experienced in many parts in tito vicinity of Philadelphia, »nd some telegraph cilices had boen ren- dered useless. Ono at Buffalo had boon sot on fire by tho electric finid, and tho instruments "destroyed and tho gas- pipes melted. Hailstones os largo as muslcct balls aro said to havo fallen during tho storm. WAn.MWn, VEKTII.ATISO, AND COOKIKO nv'GAB. ;-At tho Society of Arts, nn interesting paper lias bren read by Mr. Itutter, on " warming nod ventilating by gus." Tho essayist detailed tho result ot' numerous experiments uintlo by Iii tn to ventilate and warm rooms of various sizoj, alter- nately by tho application of gas-stoves and ordinary lires, in all of which tho gas precess was invariably found to confer a «router uinoiiiit of comfort, and to bo attonded with moro economy than tho ordinary system of barning oouls in a grnto. Hy menin ol' a newly improvod gns-stovo, a steady und uniform heat could he niuin t.iincd throughout tho 24 hours, if necessary, at tho inodornto cost of four or five penco, und alto^othor unattended with any of thoso disagreeable results that heretofore, insepa- rably accompanied tho consumption of gas wlian employed for domestic purposos. Tho paper was very cordially reooived, mid, should tho essayist suocood in demonstrating tho utility of tho pro- cess for culinary purposes as satisfactorily ns hu has dune in tho casa of " warming mid ventila- ting," ¿boro etui be little» doubt of its general adoption, when in theso nlllitarinn days, comfort and oconoray may bo said lo go hand in linnd. Atlat, March 2G. Wu.nmtFORCK'.s EARLY Lira.-Mr. Wilberforce entored St. John's Oollogo, Cambridge, Ootobor, 1770, nt tho ago of sovonteoii years; mid, bosom- ing mauler of a linndsomo fortune, left by his gr.iudfuthor und uncle, ho wns nt uuoo exposed to a host of temptations. On tho first night of his arrivai, ho wus introducid to a licentious sot of hard drinkers, whom, howovor, lie abook elf ufior tho first year. For tho hist two years he spout nt durbridge, ho wa« tho centro of n higher circle. " There was' no one,'' says tho Hov. T. Gisborne, "atoll like him for powers of enter- tainment. Always fond of repartee and discus- sion, he soemed entirely freo from conceit and vanity." Ho was truly hospitable ; " thero Was always a great Yorkshire plo in his rooms, and all wera welconio to partake of it. Wy rooms and hi*," says Mr. Gisborne, " Were bock to back, and often when I urn» raking out my fire, nt ton o'clock, I heard his melodious voice calling aloud to mu to come and sit with him before I went' to had. It waa a dangerous -thing to do, for bis amusing conversation was euro to keep me up so lute, that I was behind-linnd tho next morning." Wilherforco was a good classic, and acquitted himself well in tho college examinations; but mathematics ho almost entirely neglected. Whilst somo of his companions wore rending hard and attonding lectured, card- parties and idlo amusoments consumed his hour«. With all bis gaictirs, he was not, however, profligate, or what the world calls licentious, and cortainly " better than young men in gonornl ;" but ho neglected opportunities of moral mid Intellectual profit; bo strove in after years to supply theso omissions ; but, to tho end of his lifo, ho deplored n certain want of montai regularity, which ho traced to this neglect of early discipline. "That thero was oven at this time of thoughtlessness, a hidden vein of deeper feeling, wns ahown hy bis refusing, when unexpectedly requirod, to declaro his assout to tho ariiolos of tho Church, though tho refusal cost him, for a timo, tho oonvenlenco of an acade- mical degree. Further inquiry removed his hesitation, but ho would not, nt a maturo age, when his education wns completed, dcoloro his concurrence in religious dogmas which he lind not oxnniined.'' Boforo ho quitted college, Hr, Wilberforce bad resolved locutor upon public life. Ile thoreforo deolined buainoss; and, in expecta- tion of a speedy dissolution, he commenced a canvass for tho ropressntation of his nativo town in Parliament. After a successful canvnis on tho spot, he ropaircd to London, whuro about 300 Hull freemen resided in the vicinity of tho i Thames; theso ho cnlortninod at support) ¡ti tho ' publio-houscs at'Wapping, iiud, by his addresses to them, first gained eonfiuoncein'publio spooking. During this year he lodged in tho Adelphi, and constantly frequented tho gallery of the House of Commons, whoro bo became intimate with ; Mr. l'itt, whom ho lind slightly known at Cam- bridge. In the Bummer he roturned to Hull; but his election prospects woro almost blighted i hy tho day being flied boforo tho expiration of Ina nonage Tho session, howovcr, survived his birthday, whon tho townsmon wcro regaled with nu ox roasted wholo in one of his fields. Tho eleut iou opportunoly followed, mid ho numbered singly as many votes ns hi» two opponents had received togcthor, though his roturo cost him I balwson £8000 omi 49000. This grent SUOCCSH : oeloiired his entry into public Vito; mut, upon uta return to London, ho wns «t oneo elected a ruoui hor of nil tho lending clubs, and immersed in politics and fashion. Fox, Sheridan, und Fitz- patrick frequented tl ie« o clubn, and tho members chatted, played at oards, or gambled, as they plaasod. But Mr. Wilberforce's usual resort was Gooseireo'a in Pull-niall, whoro his frendship with l'itt iunrcssod. lloro ho onco lost £100 at tho Faro tablo, and on another night, kept tho bank, by which ho won ¿GOO ; but this w onned him from play. About this time, ho was ono of thoso who mot to spend nu avening in memory of Shuktpeare, at thu Boar's Head Tavern, Knstcheap. TiiKoooKn HCOK AT mn A'rtinswEusi Ci.un. It ¡3 said that at tho Atlionnjum Club, in Pull-mall, tho nuinbor of dinners fell 'oil' by upwards of 300 per annum, after Tl teodoro Hook disap- peared from his favourito corner, noar tho door of tho coffee-room. The eornor alluded to will, wo suppose, long rr-taiu thu iiamo whioh it de- rived i rom him-Temporáneo Cornor. Many grave and dignified persons beiug frequent guests, lt would hardly hnvo been seemly to have been calling for repealed supplies of a certain desorp- tion ; but tho waiters woll understood what tho órnelo of tho cornor tnoant by " Another glass of toast-and-wator," or " A little moro lonioiiado.'' KST-IL POSSIBLE Î-A fow days ufter tho land- ing of William of Nassau al Torbay, thocfuocrs, nobility, and courtiers of James II. began to fall off from thoir falling mnstor, as usual in Bnoh osees. Amongst tho most faithful, howover, ap paroutly, was Prlnoo Gcorgo of Uonmark, consort of tho IVlnooss Anno, James's dnughter. At ovcry fresh account of n. defection of a Lord A., Lord B., or Lord C., tho indignant Brinco Gcorgo exclaimed , " JSit-il possible 7" This continued for tinoo or four days; till at length, ono morn- ing tho unfortuiinto Monarch inquiring why I'rinoo Gcorgo was missing from his thinned lovoe, the answer was, on nooount of his dosortion to William. '"WhatI" said Janies, "isEsl-ilpoj tible gono also ?" CiiAttLKS PniLLira's SKRTCR or CURRAR.-Mr. Charlea Phillips, in Iiis "Life of Curran," ciroo tho following cllriraoterlstio'oeconnt of a visit to his friend :-" I caught the first glimpso of tho little man through tho vista of his gurdon. There ho was-ou a third timo afterwards I saw him in a dross whiob you would imagino ho had borrowed from his tlpstafl'; his hands in his sido* ; his nader Hp protruded ; bis fuco almost pornllol with tho boriion-anil the important step, and tho eternal attitude only vari od by tho pauso during whioh his oyo glanced from Ilia guost to his watch, and from his watch reproach- fully to his dining loom. It wns an inrurluhlu peculiarity- ono second after four o'clock, osd ho would not wait for'lho Viooroy. "Tho moutont ' ho perceived mo lió took mu by thu hand; said lie would not havo any ono Introduce mo ¡ mid, with ii manner willoh loft on thought was cAnr/Mtv/, nt inieo hntilslicd every apprehension, and com plutolv fanillinrlscd mo nt tho Priory. I had often seen Curran-ofton heard him-often rend bim ; hut no mau knew nnyt liing about him who hud not scull him nt lils uni, tulle, willi thu fmv whom lia solcrteil. Ho wus a lillie r.onvhinl dully ; ho iionrod in every regiuu, mid wan al lioniu lu nil-ho touohed everything and scc-mod UH If ho hud created lt ; he mastered thc lin mitti heart with tho same ease that ho did his violin; You wept, and yon laughed, nnd you wondered j and tho wonderful creature ulm liuulo you do nil ut will, HevVr lot ll ap|.cat that lib was mbr'o thin. Îour equal, and was quita trilling, ir you olioao, lo ocoroe your auditor, lt is said of Swift that hl( rula waa to allow a roinulo's pauso afior ho btj concluded, and thou, if no person took un ¿lit oonvorsatton, to recommence himself. Curri« had no conversational rulo whatever ¡ ho snob from impulso, and ho bad tho art so to draw yuu into n participation, that, though you felt an infuriorily,-it wns quito ti contented one. Indcoil, nothing could exceed tho urbanity of his demean, our. At tho time I «poko of ho was turned sixty, yet he was as playful ns a child. Tho oxtromcj or youth and ago wore mot in him ; ho lind thu cxperionco of tho one, and tho simplicity of tiio other." Ft.i;fiT MAnniAOES.-Tho following description of theso marringea is given in tito Grub-Slrtct Journal, of Januaiy, 1735:-"Thoro nronsctof druukon, swearing partons, with their myrmi- don!*, who wear black coats,' mid pretend, to lia clerks, and registeis of. tho 1'leol, and nho ply about Ludgnto.llill, pulling and forcing pcoplo to soma peddling nlchouso or brnndy shop to to married, ovon on a Sundny, stopping them ni they co to chnroh, ami almost tearing their clothe» off their backs." Tho indecency of these prac tices, and the facility they allbrded for accom- plishing forced nnd fraudulent marriages, wero not tho only evils attending this slato of tho lair. MarrUgos could ho antedated, without limit, on payment of a fcc, or not entered at nil. Parti« could bo married without declaring their names. It was a common pnwtioo for women to biro temporary husbands, nt 'Clio Fleet, ¡a order thnt they might bo ublo to plead over turo to au action for dobt, or to produce a cei tifi. onto in caso of thoir being .enceinte, Thoso hired i husbands wero provided, by tho parson for five I abminga cuchi Sometimes they were women. Il I appear«, thnt for tinlf-a-guiucii a marrinya might [ bo registorod and cortitied that uovor took place. Tho marriage of tho Honourable ll. For, sou of thc first Lord Holland, to the daughtor of tim Dukoof Itichmond, at tho Fleet, in i 744, am) tlia iucrenso of these irregular prnotices, lcd to tho introduotinn of tho Marriage Act, which wns puss«d -.villi great difficulty/ The interval botweeu tho passing of tho Hill and its coming Into uptr ution, ntlbrded a rich harvest to tho parsons of tho i'liiot and May iVir*. In .ono register-book thoro ure entered 217 marriages which took place ot tho Fleot on the 25th of March 1751, tho ilnr previous to tho Aot coming into force. Clan- destina mnrringos continued ni tho Savoy (ill 17513, when n minister and his curato being trans- ported, an effectual atop was put to them. Wit or Stn WILLIAM SCOTT (Lonn STÔWKLL), \- When Homo sudden and somewhat violent changes of opinion woro imputod to a lcurncd Judge, who was always jocosely tormed Mrs,-, " Variuin ot ni ut« bi lo semper fetnino,*' was Slr William Scott's remark. A celebrated physician having said, somewhat moro flippantly than bc Bcomcd tho gravity of bia olotb, " Oh, you koo», Sir William, after forty, n mun is always cither a fool or a physician I'1 .* Mayn't ho bo botli, Doctor ?" was tho oroh rejoinder-with a mont arch leer, and an insinuating voice half drawled out. " A vicar was once,'' said his Lordship, "presiding ot tho dinner of tho Admiralty Sessions, BO wearied out with his parith-clork confining himself to the 100th Psalm, that ho remonstrated, and insisted upon a varioty, which the mau promised; but,"old habit proving toe streng for him, tho old words were, ns usmil, given out next Sunday-' All popio that on enrth , do well.' Upon this tho vicar's temperoould hold cut no longer, and jutting his head over tho desk, ho cried, 'Damn all peoplo that on oarth do dwell !'-a very compendious form of iinetliemo,'' added tho learned chiof of tho Spiritual Court. AB Sir William Scott could imagino nothing better than tho existing slato of any givon thin", lo could soo only peril and hagard in tho search for anything now ; mid with him it iras quilo enough to characterise o mossiiro tis " a mero novelty," to deter bim at onoo from entertaining it-a phrase of which Mr. Spoakor Abbot, with somo humour, onco took udvnutago to say, when asked by bia friend wlml that innes ot papers might Lc, pointing to tho hugo bundle of tho Acts of u singlo .Himii. .. Moro novelties. Sir William-muio novelties.'' '. I Tint SEA SRRPRNT OPP TUB WSSTBRN Isusn -Tho most authentic statement is that by tl i Kev. Mr. M'Cleim, jnrlsh minister of Kigg, or of tho Western Islands, mid addressed by hil I to tho secretory or tho VVcrucriaii Society, dote I 1809 :-" I saw thu iitilulul of willoh you Inquir ¡ in Jone, 1808, on tho coast of Cull, llowin along that coast, I observed, nt about the dh I tonco of half n tulle, tm object to nindant which gradually excited astonishment. A i first viíw, it appeared like a small rock; hui knowing thnt thero was no rock in tim Situation, I fixed my eyes elosoly upon il then I sow it elevated considerably abor the lcvol_ of tho ssa, and after a slow move mont, distinctly perceived ono of its eye« Alni med nt the unusual appearance and magot tildo of tho animal, I stoend so ns to bo at nc great distanco from tho shore When nearly in u line between it omi tho shore, tho maaut directing ila hoad, » Irish still continued iibov<: ? wate»-, towards us, plunged violently under water. Ceri din that bo wns in chase of us, wo plied ijurJ to get ashore. Just ns wo leapt out on a rod, and had tukon a etution as high as ira con- veniently could, wo saw it coming rapidly under wator towards tho stern of nur boat, Wheo within a fow yards of it, finding tho wal« shallow, it raised IU monstrous head above waler, and, by a winding cuttrso, got, with npparect dillieult.v, clear ot thc creek where our boat lay, und whero 'thc monster teemed in dnuger il being embayed, lt conti it iced to move oil'»iib its hoad nhovo water, and with tho wind, for aboil I hulf n mile, before wo lost sight of it. Its head I was socio what broad, and of somewhat oval form; I it» peck somewhat sniallor; its shoulders, if 1 cnu co terni then), considerably broader, uni thence ittnpuu.l towards tho tail, which fan it kept pretty low in thu wator, so that a viotr could not ho taken of it so distinotly as I wished. Il lind no fins thnt I could perceive, and scorner) li) mo to niovo progte.-sivoly by undulation tip mi down. Ita length J believe to bo botweon eurent; and eighty feet. When neartBt lo ine it did nut raise its hend wholly uhovo wator, so that tbs neck being under wuter, I coald porcoivc no »bin ing filaments thereon, If it had any. Ki pf* grcBslvo motion mular waler I'took lo hover; rapid. About thu lima 1 SHIV it, it was Boonnwr tho Isle of Camm. The crows of thirteen tithing. boats wvro so tn nob terrified at its appeared that they in n body fled from lt to tho n'arol creek for safely.* On tho pnsjago from Kum lt Canna, tho crew of ono boat saw it coming to- wards them willi tho wind, and its hoad higa nhovo water. Ono of tho crow pronounced tho bend na largo os n llttlo boat, and in ereu largo os a plato. ' Tho' mon woro much torrM hut tho monster odored them no molestation.'' Mr. M'Cloan saw th is lu June, 1808, oud it ll rt; marknblo that tho celebrated Orkuoy nnlaul ct tho " Wernoriaii TrnnsuolionB," gonorolly cor- responding with 'tho foregoing account, wai cut ashoro doad on Stronsain Ootohorof thoun-J year. This is tho second Instance of tho sf posed actual animal having heon found. "A SonATCH."-In Cadell's "Campaignjli" %yptt" H ls rolatod i-" An Irishman, Iw "c'ltsgibbon, of tho Qronadlors, Uko most of Im countrymen, possessed both oourngo mid huttonr. Ho was placed at a bonk wlioh ho waii to w over, but on no nocount to show Iilnisolf. I«1' Dan, not toking thia' advloo, jumped upon w bank otory round ho fired, to soo if ho ia«' any ooo. At last a Fronohman shot him tlinw tho back of tho loft hand. It was seen H nomothliig bad happened, and ho was OJKCI HM was tho mottor ? lian, .vory quiotly lo°h "B " lila bleeding list, nm! scratching his lienilii lulu other, said, « I wish t know who did this." WATKUI.00 MitiiAr,.-A rronohiiinnincclfiig" Kngllsh soldier willi a Waterloo medal,, l*fP sneeringly tu aiiinindvert on tho llntlsli wjoj mont for bestowing sucha trille, willoh nid »" cost them throo francs. «' That is true, o w sure." roplicd tho soldier ¡ " H did not wit » Knglisli Clovornuiont throe Tronos, but lt cwt I" Kroneh a Napoleon.'' .,, ., i.. Tho prcsoiit iiiinlutry havo nuiinuneeil llicir » tenlion to Issue a commission fur Ino reforming thu olly ol' Loudon._^^-^ Sydney I-Printed and I\iblMed. by J*"f! , rro/irietor, IIBMUT 1'AKRES, of II»»*«;';,".]) Neustvaptr l'ropHttor and PnbUilur, ai Emf dre" Often, in Jlinitewtrect <uWH»<" ÏVidnctfoy, Ait¡/vrt i7,1W& 