lone«, «sic,, to let, HOUSE to Let or Sell, at Windsor -A corner al- lotment In tho nbove beautifully situated and rapidly rising toitnshlp, with a neatly fitted np metallic Scotch mudo Cottage, wt II ntlaptcil for a small lamlly, This lovel) »put Is within flvu minutes walk of bt Kilda, It.« salubrity of ulr, it« teen!« lit auty , Its pro\ inltytotho sea be ith, Its wi oiled «alka, and pitlur etqtto landscapes, cornhill« to rendir It one of the most desiriblc »pots Tor ii resílleme In the colony lor terms, apply to Mr JOHN CAMl'BLLL, Argyle Store, Gr-iut Boutkt «trett, east, opposite Hi« 1 abor Marke!, Melbourne._ MM HOUbll and ( Mt uro at Prahrui.-lo let, u tour |roomed Cottage, woll llulshtd, nppl) to Mr Blundell, solicitor, I, I onsdiilo street, west, or Mr Woolir, near Hine Ile I Store, I rahrsn_»e « I~~MPOillANl to Mi iclmuts, Public Coiil|uiilus, mut otlnrs - To Let a bullo of Offices, containing Hi rooms situ itc lu 1 uns hilo street, ne ir I 11/ ibcth street, for particular» npply to Brabazon 1'untll, Hurst Ba- za ir._"".a T ASH at the toi mr ol b» insti ii »licet and Little li Collins stiitt.nnd in most of tin leullng »trcel» orMcllinuinc, to let Miusseui and layler, 117, Swanston strut_ M70 AND to LU on llilllding 1 asi ill Gmt Collins «treit, Lottstlulc street, La trobe streit, Lll/a beth strict, and finn) street, etc. The following valu ablo premise« tobo ltt on building leusc lor I, 7, It, or II) tirs Two largo houses, nt present converted Into oin, together willi »hop mid three otlitr rooms, > irds, four stall stables, and 60 feet square of land ndjulnlng «arno lor terms «ni partlculir» npply to Mi WM GltLEN, Land Agent, J9, Gi cat Bourku street, cast ÍJI1 SiABLISG toLet.n largo cntlosul )nrd, mid Sta- bling for tucril hola«, inquire of I Hit li ml», carpontir, ,4c , Tranklln streit, between the Lamb lim mid Kollision « Co ich 1 nctor)_0172 UBUItBAN Building bites to bo Let «fun Lease - Palermo, South 1 orr l, being a portuni of the istat* oithelltoj C Malaien, Lsq , lins been subdivided Into ono acre portions, and presents the most eligible opportunlt) for ptiotons desirous of leasing ground fur genteel residen,es, these heilthy and bt uitlful »Iles aro situated on Hie Gaidlncr s Creek road, In thu parish of Prahran, about two miles from Mell ourne, tloso lo tlio river, and In iho Immediate ncighliorliooil ol the svell-knoit ii villa residences of Tivoli, Little Kochlt), ant! Como To view Hie plan, and for further particulars, apply lo CHAULES O. BUHCHLir, 5», Little Collins street, west. 87«5 TO bo 1 el, t«o of ttiosi cltgint and most subst in Hally built cott ige», on the tip of the Luurild hill, adjoining ti, ai,l bounded on two sidts b) the Churcli and »etiool reseñes Lath cottage c tit lins tlx apartments of will nrraugct dimensions, with a liberal cncloiuro of ground atticheil lu nery retpeil thci are jioouliarly will adapto! to the requlrimitits of genteel families lor pirticulars inquire of Mr GULI S', Land Apt nt, Gr-iat Bourke «net, or ofllr Goiiiuiell, on the l rcmisis 77SH TO be Let, two »ousts situ stn mur to Itlibiiiouil Church, apply to »ISON A HLISs, 51, Queen .trcet loo» TO Let, Hie Inntlly Residence, sumrner lilli, nt Bust Prahran, aj miles from Mclbiurnc, it con talns I our It,mun, II ill, V eraiittuh, tlcuchcil Kltilie Servants Boom au t Pantry, standing on one acre . land for more If reqnlrcil), and lunn dlatily adjoining a Spring W'ltcr Tank, which can In had at Is ptr bia I, and I iruwnod can also Le It ij tit jo* ptr ton, appl» to JOHN LVSGMUIIt, Ault llirr, I ist I'rilirin oma riao Let, Olltce» lu u tirsUritc husiiies» situ mon X. Apf ly to li. Pnttcsou, Neave s buildings 'nia TO Let, I wo excellent Olliccs, situ itc in Iho West m Markct-sqinrc Al ply to B »AVIS lind CO, William-street, h708 TO Let, flirt of a House at SL Kilda, to a small respectable family nnl), conihfting of dining room, two hu! room», kitchen, servant t bed ro mi, .table, and gig house, wills use of ) arti, apply to VV II. Cropper, 57, Collins-street, east 650 TO Let, fur tho term of »ci cn j cor«,two sliopt In C ii lins strict, having ao feet frontage, b) a depth of 144 feet, adjoining the timber ¡ ard ofMtssrt L*. Westby and Co Posscssluu in ono utontlt. Julio Mackenzie, Quecti-strett, 748 fllO Merchant», Investers, atulOtticrs -A twenty-on« X years Lease of an eligible S'tt, adapted for »cr. canillo business, is now optn for treaty 1 erins ma) be TO LL1, a House and prcintsi« in 1 lindtrs line, west, bttween Qu-en strut mut Murktt sqttart, known as So 49, for a term of si vin )iars, fur pirti ciliar« appl) to JOHN MOY!. \N. o' ¿7 TO liu Let, ttio "somerton Inn, S),ino)-rout, for pirtltulnrsappy to Mr G V Inge, on the prtmlses, or, Brown & Stewart, LIUaht Iii stn. t. II55Í TO Let, to nspicUiblo tenants oui), a lour roomeil Brick Cottage, new I) crccttd with a lirgo)«rd .li ached, pitas nilly situated in Itlliott street, mar the 1-lagstair, for particulars, apply to ».arid M Iletiji mln. Collins strett, west ouïr riiO Mtnhaiita and other«-lo Lit, for a term of* X. )eara, in ono of the hist liu.inits situitious^in Flinders strict, prunlscs haling a frontage of uti fiet liyadopth of about loo feet, lining two I,ousts aiul a »torc built tlurcolt Tlitso prtmlsis aro admirably adapted for parties requiting extmsiie storagi, appl) to ttie proprlitor, It. A Ualblrnie, 1 »q ¡ or at tlie Victoria Insurance Office, Collins streit, to W Hilara A Orr. 9415 TO I K1, a »mon rcomcil two storry Brick HOUK No l.'l, Swanston strict with a good large ) ird and right of bick entrante It has been conducted as a boarding house since 1 cb , IH51, and ts very centrally situated, tor parthulars, terms, du apply to Mrs Cottcrill, Bo inllug house, mar Hie Ccinitir), top of tli/.aln 111 strt-it 04f7 TO Let, two Itoomi, in a cuttago situite on Ibu bill opposlti St Mark» sthoal, Collingwood, In tho .tret t trout tim shtphcrds* Anns 10345 TO bo Ltt at Collingwood, a lour ronnie I Cutt ige furnlshul, ono Ihreo mound CotLigi, unfur- nished , enquire of Joint Louglirc), back of tlio Stn Hey Arms .10.172 T [IO Let, thrto Booms In Great Bourke street, as L Offices , apply to Schu.ltc, Kelti, and Co, 6, Great Bourke streit 1041)7 TO Lit, ii nt it four moule I Cottage, lu artho ¡loutt- it il G mints, and a short distance from Prince s lirl Ige, appl) ut li, swanston strci t 10724 A X.os>t Froperty. nOAT picked up near 8alt Water River, abont *.M. l8 feet long, black outside and lluo Inside, and no name on ; the owner cm have tier by paying ex. ronse«! apply to II. MORGAN, Boat Hulldor, south .lido of tho Yarra, near tho Pull», Wool Washing-place, Melbourne, Saturday. July 23,11-53._9.IM FOUND, between Melbourne and Kilmore, a Pocket Book. 11) bo claimed within 8 days, a« the finder Is aliout leas-!, g the colonies. Apply to McConnechy, Mccullum and Co., Swxnstou.strccl. 10016 FOUND, on lho road from Melbourne to Sandridge a Watch and Guard ; apply by loiter, describing properly, to Meurs. JNO. and GEO. MARTIN, FlUders-slrett_ 10013 LOST, from Qiioeu's-whirf and Coles-wharf, two case« marked EL, In diamond,' containing Da- guerreotype np aratus, pair of gold «calis, and sundry artlclo« (if no use to any poraun but tho owner, the ono per Lady .M'Naughton, and Emu, llghtor, tho other por Elisabeth Wllthotv, und Fairy Quoen, lighter, between the 7th and 2Sth Jtiue ; whoever will roitoro tho sume to tho proprietors, nt Messrs. HU13L, LON'O, and CO.'s, top of ElUabt-tli.strcit, will bo handsomely He wardctl._W020_ IAHY M'NAUtlllTON.-Taken from Ibu Qucon'i J wharf, »iipiwscd abnit 7th to 20th Juno, one case sundries, of no me to any but lho owner«, marked EL, In diamond, por Emu lighter; whoever will restoro the «arno to the owners, at Messr«. HUUL, LON'O. and CO.'s, top of Ell/.nbeth.strcct, will be liundtomely Rewarded for their trouble._10018 IJEIl Elizabeth Wllthow.-Token from Cole's-whurf, about 28th June, one caso sundries, of no mo to any but tho owner, marked EL, In diamond, IS. Wllthow, per Fairy Queen, lichten «hoover »111 restoro the same lu the proprietors, at .Meurs. HULL, LONG, and CO.'s, will be handsomely Itewardeil. lOelli) FOUND, near Sandridge, a Ulack Dog, which may bo bid by owner for minuto descrli.tlun, and cx iiensci. Apply to Mr. Sweetman, Tort Phillip Hating. Ilome.'.ri.iniirldg«. _»708 1Î10UNH, between Pcutrlilgo and Melbourne, ii . purre, containing o small »um of money, «Uli a cheque, Tho osmer may lisvolt, on proving It to bo lill, by applying to WILLIAM SHORT, Pentridge. 10398 Gold, Wool, Tallow, «so, ADVANCES nu Gold Dust, io.-Tim undersigned «III .nuke liberal n.lfaucea on Wool, Tallow, mid Go'..l Dust, onmlgiii'il lo Messr«. Rcdfe-minid Alexander, .TI, Great Wlnuliesler-slicet, Loudon. THOMAS AND HEW, 41, Miirkit-sqiiur... 64527 I'i)A f\i\f\ THE undcrslgni'il uro Instructed to c*w-iU«U\JU. Invest Ihoubovo »um lu Hie pnrchuso ofgniHl liupnit-cd City or Suburban Properly. Piirtlci hating any pniperly of this dosrrlptlnli fur disposal, «III pli«»« lu cnniinunli'iite forthwith. P. DAVIS nu,I CO., City Mill'!, l8, Cullllis.strt'it.eiist. 6205 A DVANCF.S.-Liberal udvaiit-es liui.lo nu i-oimlgll mnits by Ilin«i>y, llotid un.I llule, curlier of lind Wllllam-hlivi-ta. Culislgimit'iit« »nllrlled NOTICE lu Hutehcr« min Other«.-'Pim inidei signed ure piiroliusers uf uiiitton mid beef tut, mid tullun-, nt the uiarki.t prliii", ilellvered ut their »lore«, 9, Lou«, ilulo-slrtiel, west, tuid ut thulr work«, Kciibliwltni, near l'leinlngluii. DUNN mid CO. 6U3U» fill) tho Settlers of tho Weilern DMili-l.-Wi».|. A Tho iiiiiterslu.iio I Is n t-iish pun-luisri- ol' thiu'iisnliig season'sclip. Ailinn-lleuiicliiiuip, llt- ll'ust, Purl Fully, riMlF. Undersigned aro piunuicd lu plnrliaso ur" multe A ndt-aiiu,'« on nil dnsoi'lpllini« of Culuulal Pnuluoe Ciinslgiu-,1 in their iVIonds. Mess)«. Ihll'lllir, llnilhers, mid Co. GOODMAN & UMPHELHY, 8, Collins MMIi; undm-slgni-il Ulli iiiakii Advant-i-s on l'uulueu ni A llul.l.Dini, lu Hu.nslgm.I ol' their lil.I« In London, l.lv,<i<piiol,(irlli-l»t(il, IIUIUHT, IlllOTllEllb, iVi'.i., H, i:il,-.ih,.||i..sii'i.c.|. 'Ulli July, IK.'.i. 10(101 «limul hmlng iihsi-i'vi-d Ibu ulm..»t liti|i.issnblu .I..I.H.I'lliu W'li.ii't'i-«, mid the great dllllt-iillv t.i'.ibtnln li.K llclil.'.-.i;;,. iVtiin II.i'» lluy tn Mulhuiii'iii-, liuvi. I'lil.'i.'.l hil.i iii-i-iingi- iiii-.it» lu bimi, »ti,T, niul »eil e-urgo at Um Plurat Hiiiidrl-lgi-, uf i-iii-ruiit |'uti'»iil'i'iiiniul»»luti, W.,l, AIMA LUM A. CO., Aiiiilloni>i.ni, tie, Hund nogo, nml Annand'« Cliautbori, Ml'llioiii'iii-, 1)217 I Oeclonf. AItOUS OTFICD, GEELONG -An Office for the AltaUS lia« been o] ened In Malop struct, west, Geelong AH Letters mu! Communications for tho Paper, Advertisements, Orders for Job Printing, ice, flinn p-rtlcs in Occlong and tho neighborhood, ni i) bo forwarded to that Ofllec, and will meet willi tho proni| test attention ANIL», n first rite Cook, apply to Mr Storey Vlctoiia Hotel, Gidong, no ono need apply who cannot produce good tcitiiuuolalt from some Culoul«! cuiplo) er _ 64UBJ It GLOHGi: bilUl ILilVVOItlli, Into of Wil worth, london, who arrived nt Melbourne, per »hip Ihduilnd, will oblige the mulei signed by for »iirdli g liuinodlulcly the land of letters, Ac , rceeltel b) him from Mr John Ouir tt, to the following address -Mr John Garratt, Moorabool street, Geelong _10J02 OIICL-lo the Settlers ol the Mun iy district and the public Ingentral-I hereby give notice that I mur authorised James M'Koll ir, who was In ni) iinpioiincut, tof,itoorders or cunlrutttli hts In my n uno , mid i shall u it bo nsp nisihle tor my debts the nboie II iiiiul Individu il, or noy otlur person, mw li; contracted In my nanto without ni) writtiu onl HI. Mt Y UPAI -.0 S MOItrtlSON, (.eeling 30J "|V/rAIL CONVL1 VS( E- HOB! lil bLAIll.l S, of 1»X Geelong, haling bctomt the Contrntor for tho Uno from Colac, through Geelong, to Bunill) nug and »ur t Hank, Is re 11) to take lassentert and parcels at the tluita appointed. Finns £ > d Geelong to Colac 3 0 0 " " lluiiUi) ung 3 0 0 , " Burn Dink 4 10 0 " " Bala irat 3 10 0 Parcel» 2s bd each lib. weight or under It extra foreici) jib Ae.eiits-Mr Wade, Geelong, Mr. , Colac and Mr Al chmst, l!uiiln)ong 2015 rilOCi! It dist« and pirtles «cikiugfor Investment lu JL a lucritiv o lui lins« -1 o ho »old, by privato con- tract, nil th isclirst rito es1 tbll«ltitl I tislness premises, situât«! In Great Malop sheet, Galong, he)omi the Illeitrt, known as Moore s 1 cuttle "ance Hotel, together with the good «III ol tho same The Holt I, together with Hu pn sent tinto, !s di !ng an oxtensl» t and thriving Iradi, and to putles rcallv desirous of obtaining an txitlltnt nail) male business, thliullordi aiinppnr limit) «Illili SIKUI I not bt lost «Ifjit of Thcpro|rIetor Ins boon ollcred n I irgt nut for It, and the foittitiatc 1 uri baser m i) insure to himself a splinditl fortune in a tomp tr itit 11) short spact of time, us it will he sold n li ir kiln lur roll particulars, npply to Mr Vi. Moori, on the pr mises, Geelong. 387 H O II S I HA/AAlt, Gloat lt> rio-stra t, west, Gool, ng-Dill) snlos of stock, by Auction O 1 ARlthLL nml SON big to Inform thlielr nunicnmt fricnds;«n t constituents, that the) »III, from this date, hold stilts b> «.uctlon Dall), at the Horse Balur, of Horses, «¿ultt Cattle, Cans, Gigs, Carriages, Ac , com momiigtach day at Tntlie o tlock, and that at tin Ir bile \ mis, Ashliv, nitioiniiigHie Harp lim, the) wiil also hold Sales of 1st Cattle, Sheep, and all unbroken Stat k, an au) d ty of Hit week when required The charges uro lu ido io tho V end ir (none to tho Purchaser), and aro ns follows, viz -An entrance fee of two tlillllngs ptr heart for antill lots of horses, bul locks, and cows (hot llrgo lots «re exempt from this charge), md commission «t tho rate ol Ove per cent on the ami mit HI-S At the Liver) Stable« in connexion with tho Bazaar, HorscaforSn.il! will rtvtlvo the i,riattst care anti atti n tlon, mid, if ml I, n considerable reduction will he made on tin usual tliarge for kce| A secure and wtll i atcrtd Gras« Paddock ha« been provided tor the roo I tlon of Cattlo and unbroken Hortes wallinga Hird ila) ol site W hllst Infoniihg our friends and constituents of hav- ing Irrerrascd oird n s of nie, («Mell, pn i kms hi Hie prosmt timo, wrn held mil) on fite it i) i of the weck,) ami tht other nrrangcmiuts ab ive mcutlone/, wo wnultl beg to ofltr to them our sincere thanks for Hie liberal support we have received ii» Stock Agents fur tho lott e'elvt)oars Plio gcncal koo« ledge entertained br Hie public of our ditiblMimcnt, nu I tho long expori mo Hie) have had of our qualifications li« Stock Artnts and Auc- tioneers (a branch of liuslnoss to width we li ive devoted the greitcr pait of our time and attention) mulcra »ty commit!, r»r tin rtcoinnientlatiou of e/tlur, quite unne tcs5tr). Hut no »s.iiihl request the rtttutlon or smelt, hollirsîo th, sonrrtunemi'iits just made, lu connection »Uli our rsUhllshniint, mid which, wee insider, »ill he irmlutriiool great litnrfit to them, in saving much of tlio ex, itust au I dilly consequent U|Km want of Inime d tteu' tnmniola.loii fir stock Wien liront.lil fo-sulc, rhllstiit cm dirait ensure tho higliist market i rite, which Hu quautlt) of"btoik weekes uitrustc- il toonrcare for disposal, uni Hu ausiiuer In which our »air» ATU at. tun led, lu pmportioa to others, will testif). Hone IKaaar, Mardi lilli, ¡K5 t Î016 HOOPl.lt b HOY \L M VIL AM) 1-AMILY HO 11 L, corner of V arre aid Corio streets, near His S e unlioat Pier The proprietor in returning his most sinierc thanks fir tin liberal jatri unge «lread7 caper} oticcd from tin most res] ectaUc hib thitanis of Gctl nig, informs slst.irs to this town th it they »111 merl with all tin inmfort« of an LiuJIsli hottl at hit istabllEhment lhesiiacloiisdinfugsilooti Is sumptuously and de ftnutl) furalshol, and well adapted for public or private elim, r (unies »Innert in sorrell np dally in tlio most liberal st) le, reganlltss ol cs.(»-usi 1 ho bedrooms aro fitted up with erery attention to comfort 1 ho stock of wines, spirits, and English «les and por- ter, are mist carefully stl«.tcd, anti unmalled In tie colonie«. Te-ms meliorate. Soups eter) da) from twelve to two o dook, a irofctsed cook being engaged r.tiW IN HOOPER, lat« of Bath, England. Oolong, Ma) 21st, 1153 4H32 S S HE AU HOI IX. It) rle-»tnet, weat. Visit irs to Geelong «lill find a gootl table and ex. Ql MLLBOUltSL AS!) GLELOSll fAPIH.bS - ThieiilersUiiul In« tst Hillshot! a comme rcti I nut businesstgeni) between Mtlbouruo and Getlong, to be st) led au t kit iwu as tho Mell) itirnii and Gielong Fvpros» It will be u t,,lint,-,Ion the prlutlples or til« Expresses to comm, n md s i highly valuesl in the United Slate» This Express will convey and dcllier liy a s|wclal messenger, pai kage«, parce's, »ample», lawk«, invoices, and | ipers of everv description-articles which are too bulky for tho mill, and too small to go as freight. Also for tiling and d,liverlng onler«,-paying and colliding accounts,-prison lug lilllsoflasUug- making entries nt the Custom House,-uni fur transacting any otlur business -flint may he requin ,1. An) otto wishing Information from either place, res- pecting the m irli Is, or on ali) otlu r matter, can rely on Its being promptly ol t ii no 1 by Hil» Express, »nd at moderate charro and lmslu»u of this kind will be, if desired, strlctli tonlldeutla!. Notices of auction s elis and other mercantile notices dittrlbutulatsuiilliluirge. Leasing Mcll-oiirue every day, at 11 s m. Gulling evi ry day, at 10 sum When dcslnd, papers and parcels will bo delivered tho s une di) 4.11 business entrusted to this agency will be trans- acted willi Urteilt) mid de«iiatch, and Hie .proprietor hopes, b) «Irlct attention md untiring efforts, to merit the coull.lemo ni the public. Rcfi renee« of tho highest rcipcctiblllty given. Melbourne, Tills, l.th, 1851 ILA IIURDLLL. Oillcnln Mtlbourne Mccormick nml Son's, Lalior Market, ».', Great llourko street ; P. Just and Co, 1 Undi rs sin et (lillie liiGulong 0. C Lever, Jftfoourn« aVbrninti Iltrald Olllce, Gre it Ryrie street (ueur Huurs). 4180 Caution. ROHHLHY-Union II ink of Austrtlla -The public aro Inn hy nutlont I ng dust rtu'lvlng Notes pur inrting lo be the. Issut of this llink, ai d of tho ilenoml nation and iiiimbeis un Icrmetitlunul arise, of Note lunns liningbicn stolen from tho ship blritheden, la He an ila), and put lu clrculitUou with lorseUSIf natures - ii, No 100,001 to No 172,000 6, 4.',0t0 " 40,000 10, from No 7,ooi and upwards 20, " 6,001 " 60, " 1 to No 1,000 J. 11LALKWOOD, Manager. July 2,1851 1001 NO TILE -All pirtles who hive left boxes or baggngo of nu) kind at lho stores of Alexander Wilson, tllndors-atrect, «re requested to remoto the suhl goods as earl) ns |K>«NIIIIO, Hut room bdng required for othor purposes-ALIA. WILbON, NbPHEW, A LO July 1st, 1K5J 232 DULL to Um bnithir« uni relitltn of Hie hilo Pitci MHI/II of Ptrlhslilrt If Hie gi ode ami eh Utils of tho dice isi 1 in ii t i illul fir within two nu nibs from Ihlsd iii, Hu y will besohl topi) npiuus. PI li It MILLI It, 470, George street, S)dno). Jill) 14, I si I 103 GOQUH - Liipt, Krug hereby rives utitlco Hint he «III not ho liable for uti) dubts that may bo con- tracted I ) lils trow. Mull NO11( E to Butcher«, Callie di lion, ,lt - Ml per. «mis mi e intli ned li.un | nu h nine ( ittle lu nubd SIM ill sib, Ms oil rump, ii« mino has« bun »ollfisun lho st itlon JOHN P. HOWE, Histiloitii Lumi is) t io» NCHILI -Nutlio Murchs glien, Unit units« lho black Ilursc, b nindi .1 lib ni ir »li..illili r, und s under sid Hu lie ir side sent 11 oin puldi ik I y (¡urge Milcht II, k) III li II, on tin Hlth AtiMist la»!, b nuitiviil stIthlii i neniiinlli lunn thlnl itu, H «III be sold to do fui)' Hui oxponsij 1' anti L. PLLVOH, Lnnghy, Mount Mm iib ii. Jr.lli .luit, 11-5 I. M51 NJlIt I to Hep nltora ol Piissi ngi rs Liiftugu tuiiï IltiMsllt I'leltloul, t.lillllulilul (III Sltius All peisniis li it lug lilt,giigo mid bnxii stolid, (li it mer thiin liso) aro lurch) i-ti|iilrul to ninnti Hull pi qui) finiii Ibu uh no bim « t ti ni lu fui o Hu lill du) of lui), 1811, or tint will lu soil bt um tlun, P1LK10RD, Gill.s 11,1,1.mid LO,, Hindus shut. Jill) »Ih, (01)0 II .Illili (I nil du« nut till nu I l le iso Hu Umso tint bul It In lil) i h UKI, «Ullin 1 ill lu li di) s li nu Hil»dit ,lu »hull lo» III i pi) ilpili«!« R Hill.is,, ruil ii lit II ir shutildti. JAMI.b 1LOM VAS, Llttlu llu.rku sliul, tina frew Work». Tllsp Publish, ,l-'l ho Vii Inila Gold Vuluir'i Id id) Hitit, nu.iinl Assilu« I I.bal t.ulile; 1'ileti Is (ni j bibigil Mnliuil iliseilpllto ol tim oiillliilll ii« »ill II« Ol lil,' «I li Illili,, III,"1,1 Hi' l HI,III, lilli,- IHMI.lt, »lib I ihh « foi u«t i ii lining the i II ill ihn, ni fold, und Us «tilling» ibu li mi ii Ins toil f» lid p, i inline Hu ilumli dlnslnii lions b) ,1.1' ,snil, m, M II, 'Iho i iii ululons pi,pu, II.» VV. M Higgin«, l.U.S-.Ililli) Ptilliil mid ( o, II, ( "lllns stn, I, ii, »I. II HU,« I r.MIAI.IVM M - i »Is,,nu,, ilillnrul b) Ibu U Uti M 111» Id« n lulim islonif Ibu llntiioHiii bllug ol I nil llu.puollu lim.hip lu .»Ml, num. billilli» « llliillnl lui,,, »Illino, I, ("lill,:, »heit! piliu uno »billilli-, ila IJ 1>lllll.lsili:it this ,1 ii, M ip ni tim Sitllul lil,li I, is, t,uu| ii,lug lill) piiMns amuli,I Mi lliomut', I, loinI, mid shon lug Iho | ni,.], and ,.I) h minim li «, ion»,,vc i »lib look oi leinenen to lim »mliin«muí iillotmeiils, willi II,,'nu;,milli-, nml pun hist is mumu. II» A, I'm chu«, (' 1,, M, Collin« slrul, Hist. Hnhl nlso by Musirs, Pullar mid Co , Ml, Wllllitiri, lind Mt. Clarke, ttiitloiien, Cullliis-strcct. loop.! rartnerstalps. NOTICE - Partnership - The undersigned beg« to notlf) Hint he Ins taken Mr. Allrcd Bliss Into lartncrship, mid tint the business will from this date be cnrrietl on under the name» of »Ivon »ml Bliss, ns Auctluncers, House, Lund mid Commission ».gents Ile also Cakes Hil» opportunlt) of thanking those frlcmls who lino so kindly supported him dilling his lung residí nee In the colon), mid issures them that nothing shall ho w lilting on the part sf Iho firm, to give future pitrous ever) sitlsfictlon in the transaction of am business the) in ly bo entrusted with -WILLIAM Ul-VON. 51, Queen street, lilli lula, lWPi_M3» DIsSOLUllOS of Pirlncrshlp -Hie Business car. ried on b) M narine) nntl Galbraith, (fornurlv Campbell mid Mut irtnel) nt No IO, ( oliliis street, nest, ns I nginvcrs and I ilhograplurs, li is been this di) dissolut! by ininti ii constnt WILLIAM M VCAIll SLY, W ILLIAM GALIIKAUII. W Hills» \- Dunn is »on ling Mclli urno Jill) la, l«S3 Hie business « ill unit be carriel on under the na and Arm of I W11 s S CAMPBI LL an 1 Co , who are authorise I to rccjw and pi) ill debts due to and hy the linn of Mat irtucy and Gulbr lilli In referente to the almo notice, we bog to thte, tint liiiingtngngul ctlielint lurkmen fiora Lnnlon mid Gonn in), we nu in illicit to tmtltrtiko mid csecuto «Ith despilch all onlcrs »o ma) hu favored »lib IAMI S S CVMI'IILLL and Co, Lngraurt and Llthogriplicrs, 10, Collins street, »est. 0774 NOIICL-I baie this du nilnilttc I Into Partner «hip, ni) Sopheii.Mr W Hil nu Wilson Tickle The business «111 from this d ite bo con lucted under Hie firm and ti) l> of Alex ittilcr W Ilson, Nephew, and Co , at Merchant« and Shipping Agents VL1.\\\S'»EK WILSON Flin lers street, Mt lbnuriK, lull 1st, HUT 1t>* NO1 ICI -Hie mi lorsigneil baili g taken Into p,ir nership lils b.i ther Mr Gcurf,c Millet Nantes, Hie business w ill lu future lie conducted under the st) le and linn of N VS 11 S MIO MILUS A. CO , fr im mil aftirtho 1st tin) of Jul) Instant, blfciicd, CHAULLb N VSM s Geelong, 4th lui), »'it All acioiiuts due b) the above Charit s Nantes to that dutt.aro request!<l to bo lout In forilnnu-iUute pa) mint, ami all partie« Inilohti I to him aro n jucst"d to settle tlulr rispeitno accounts on or before the 1st di) of August Heit 1OTS BCOtkLll his the | leasure of Inlormlng his . friends (lint Mr W lill un Coiktr, lato of the Union Bimi, Ins this da) been taken lulo Partnership, ml tho billin,-is ol tin home will lu Ititurc be cou ducted uultTlho firm ofCOCKEll, BHOrill B3. SB, Little Collins strict, east, Melbourne, 14th Jill), t«St 5ÍS0 NO IK I -I h ne this di) taken Into t'lrtiiershtii ni) .~ili, Burton Gnu, mid the business will in future lie carried on in tin lu,no of GltAV E t, SONS, Nirktt squire ¿1st Jul», luis f>04S DISbOIUMON 01 PAItlSl.ltSHIP - Hit pirt norshlp hitherto ixistiiig lutwietilJtviuidcrslgnivl, as tailors and drapers, nu 1er the sti lo or ¡Irin of Lush anlilulf.li,li« this di) bietidlssoltcil li) mutual ron sent All denis due lo and h\ the Into linn, »til be rcspectilcls rtceiud and paul tr) tlio undi rsigiud, I benczer I mil » ited nt Mclho«riu, Hie 30th June lui Lfll.SE/LU LUSH, liKAULLY HAIGH Willie««-1 J bargo«!_ ÜTlC L - ruc i irtuersltip hitherto eaUtlng be tween George Alexander and Alfred I.ouiison, as Auctioneers and General Igcnts, has this day been dlssolird by mutual cons-tit Signed-ALI III 1) LOUIbbON, G .OltGE ALL\ASOEK. Wltnctl -Sot mon S ininti »Iho I usliiess will fn ftr*uro bo carried on hy George Alexander, under the st)lo or llrni of O ALIA A NO1 it and CO , Melbourne Auction Booms, bu Swanston street. Jul) -st!, t-sa 06E0 *VTOIlCL-The business liilliirt-i conduetcel iindsr Jil the names of r II Iwlss and Co, a« Protlcc« Broker» and Commission Agent«, -I« now carried on solely by the underilguf 1, Mr Hornby having with- drawn T B TWlbb, Old Br«w»r), Wharf, kel. baurue. July26th, l«fi. (ij»7 BATTY and Co. of Lon'on -Dissolution of part nership - ¿mi Ion daiette 20lh August, IÍ52 - Notice I» hereby tiven that Pie partnership Wtherlo subsisting between us, the undersigned, Georgo Batty and Kobcrt I eist, cari)itig on the business of oil, Italian, ann wholcinle and oxvort j Ickle waretioutemcu, heretofore cnrrled on h) tis at Nos lol and 102, I cadmiml! street, and Nos, K5 and IG, Ftntbury.pave ' ment Moorfields, both In the City of Lon Ion, was th'» d ty dissolved I y mtltocl consent All debt« owl eg to and by tlio said | artneriLIp linn will be received untl paid by tho said (¡»orge ¡tatty at Nos, lol and 102, I.oAdenliall street, aforetalt ns «Itutssour hands this lilli d«y of August, ltS2, CI.OKGE HATTY. uonriiT HIAsT. Batty mid Co , of ISoaiienhnll street, export oilmen, having determined to give their undivided «ttcntlan to theaixport hr inch of their business in the fchipp'tigof oilmen s stores and provisions, in comequence of ttie Increasing demand for goods of tliotr manufacture, and more cs|eclall» so from tlio Allitrallan oolonlcs have for Die convenience «f concntratton, removed their i ellice« from I insliury paiement to their mnnufacturlng | premises, 101 and 102, Loadciihn!! street, ovhere, by tho InoKttscd facllltlos It nffordt, they aro prepared to exe cuto all orders thst may be entrusted to them with | imuetu IPy and Oeipatch Batty nnd Co request their friends to tddrest «11 corauiunlcatlon« for thom to Lcadenhall street, where only their business Is now conducted, and to observe that all their goods bear tho mark of the crown royal of Lngland. 11389 TITO 1 ICE -I, Lush la gs tu nuliouiite that ho hu.. J.1 celled into jiurtitcrslilp his brother, John Lush, and that the huslms« »111 In future bo condjct-d under tile mino of Lush alni Co Lush and Co liar ng deiotcl Hie whole of their pre- miso» to business purjtoses, and secured tit« services of au adequate number of couqicteiit assistants in ctery urnartintnt, It Is Uitlr ilctermlnitlon to conduct tlu'r uttahllslitnontwltli increase I em rgy, mid that the exe cetloit of onlers «hull bo marked b) prompitudo and rc gdurlt). Tin) haiM- cotuplctedarratiguntrotstorettlie regular »lil) nu lit» from the boult m irkct«, of Hie best nr.l most fashion iblo materials, of width contldciuble qiuntltlts hale Just been tqiened II) the mod, ration if Hu Ir .iinrgcj, arxl their con stmt enleasors to pit use those who may fisor Hum with their patron ige, tin) hope to secure nat Increase of the »tilquin, which (lils establishment lia« so long re oel» ed SI, Colll«» street, east, July tnd, 1SS3. 2408J| iría* «ad Spirit ttirt«. BENJAMIN WILLIAMS* SONS, M Great I »treit, west, littTing removed their busines Bourke Ines» from ¡swanston street to the sbove commodious promises, ara «milled to ..flirt.iXunlllri, the trade, and storekeepers, cooshlerahlr advantages lu quillt), quantity, and price of the following foods, a portion only of ¿heir stock, lisucly - Martdl s and Hennety s brandy, In Ula*., q»art»r iisks, and casi a Jamslta, B 1, ami otktr rums Case Geneva, Old Tom, and scheldam l'Qrt, sherry, champagne, claret, and vorloal «hell« wines Lemon symp, rasplierry vlnrfar Ginger wine, llquturs, «te, Alu and (lorter In wood and bottle, clair riinir, best Add ildo Ditto, American, lu barrels Tea, In «hole, half, and quarter cheltl tsugirt, butler, chene Pickle«, smces, rntmcal Illce, cigar«, tobacco Bran, m ilxe, o ita Hams, bacon, «te * 48237 LLBOURNLHOUSL-lo tho lteililents of St Kilda and llriUiton -Wo beg to call your nt tuitlmi to our Stockuf Wines, Spirits, Heer, 4c , willah fur quillt) Is equal lonny stock In Melbiurnt, lui Ins; been careful!) »tinted li) it« trom tin licit mu kit«. Marten s dark br moly In i lies 1..... . . . Do. palo do In do. J '"»i«1 «> whu Oilier I,rtii.11. « In bottles and nu draught Lu»ml. » Altona gin lu 1 ami J donn cases Kn brand Gi nita do Hist Jam iii i run) Burdon s best palo sherry DiiirUonlon a brown sherry Do palo »bury (Illliy s (liulccst old port Sweet Llilion wine II) is»» porltr, alo, Ac , Willi which wo nu nippl) fimlllcs at Melbourne prices WW NORTON, it CO, Melbourne Home, Grey strril.bt klld l, 6183 N( '01 ICH OP HI.MOi AL-J. A P. BROWNE, ro ¿.^ mosidfruiutluitr Blore, 81, Collins »trott, west, to their Store nt Hie corner of William street and Great Bourke stn ii, liurooti silo Pule un 1 browuariudy,lu hhds. uni qr. casks L'liiimpigiiuOluist billi ry), Claret, Intimi Hum, W.I , n to 10O. P., In hhds. Sturry, In hhtl« mid qr. t isk». Oats, brun, inulto, and siddlery, dally el- lie t..1. SlstPobriui), 1851. «370 171011 bALU, at lho Couti) lug ilouie ol tho Undor ! »Ignid Hum and brandy, In libels, and easel W blslty, In ( isles Gi iietii, lu t ises Poil, Incase« bliury, lu hlids. qr.-cisU, ootaves and casca; Tun rilli, liiqr. ciislis Chiinipgiio Hot) C11 rut Vld mil Ilute tin. J. n. WERE* CO. Melbourne, Juno 11, 1883. _».'IO FNT: m d Snlilt stilus, adjoining Ibu Union Hank. \- Iii" mi 1.1,Inn..I hu«un Silo, at Importprlci-i, Hil »NUT-M II li 11 n, lu mi I nut ol honil Hill-Juill Uni uni I ist liiillii.do, du. Wniaxr-Islui mil Cinipbilltuwn, do. (lo. do. Do. (lo III li ill!« CltShis-kn brui I POUT WISI -Hums, « in li man'«, Olio diamond, two dliluoiid«, an I tim o diatu null Sui.nm-Illusions, 1,11,1 other nitoilto uruiuli palo an Rtlldi II An-Alsops mil Hiss's Poimii-Whltlm id« Alto, LLlinn, iliy and strcot «lina Chimptntio C'litiit Uoitllal«, fljiiipi, Au. A. CAMPBELL BROWN. Millioiiini-, I'lhrtnry Jlal, 18.11, 0180 rillir. Ann ils ui ht.n s - Wltultsilu nml Rilli I 1 (lunns, Wims lind »plill«-til VHLI'S l" MOHHls.t ( O tiki, pb ismu In iiiiuuun.IIUMU th li mimili mt» lilt ml« lind Hu. piibllo lu giutiiil, Iii it Hut h HI-i,mini mid l.u-lu. <i lu Ilium will knott ii puniilst» I,liln.I.u hint., wt si Hillburn hugo mid i ii. hilly sd di I »ludí, Hut lui n Mii.,1 Hu) um nuki) It hu Um Inn n »t ul ill tim« > » Milner nu in Hi h- w bli li i III bo di pi nib d up ni lo tun i h iso ol Uti in, lu ln,r Hilly .1. ti i unit I lo si II u..Ihlur bul Uto lum »I sph It« mid Um In st ni gi.in iln, mil l.t Hint nu um lu nu ilt mid nnlti II lull «Inn. ni Um pilbil« pitiinnuu-. To Ilium ii I tho minis lho) «..ul.I III..-I u»pi milli my, u« HIP) lunn imiibi mi lligeini nts »lill «¡ml.ii lu Hi milgo, lou st Cm k, mid .M'ltni, to ti ni) mt tin in tttlci u wuk, I'm tloiiliu nib mimi will bo I'ihI (illili nulli'« «hi. li Hu t tun) Im tuturi d willi, und. »I tho tuiuv Unit) juiillmr «nth lia i in brit »tilt nil, HU¿ I I Agencie*. "VrOTICb -The following 1 artic« hav« been ap IM pointed «tent» for the ^rjui, anil aro nuthorlted to collett monies and receive order« for the paper, and for » Itcrtiteinents, In their »evcral localities - I J M Main, Malop-strcct, wctt Geelong A Brown S)dnc). John II Spence Adelaide J W ilch and Son Wolllnfcton Brlugo, Hobart Town Colin N Campbell Lnunoetton. Thom is linn Portlai d Wm I oller Belfast J Plrkliif,ton Warrnambool John »Jllot Barwon Wui Oouglns Kyneton. 1) A Unth Grnngo »avid Oswald Her) Creek J II Mather Omi» Jas hdrli) Glenelg Huf.li Swann Kilmore II Junes Bacchus Marsh J W Oreen Ballarat II J Howard Forest Creek »ivis and Chaffey . Upper Glenelg Mason and Galley williamstown A J Host Collingwood Arthur Uyson Collingwood II Baker Heidelberg Messrs Cresswell and Co Prahran Henry llurrls bmilrllgc Gcorc,o I Pr)co Pentiltlo J I 1 inner ltlchmond William Min Morris Gisborne J J Wilsb, .10,1 llnbcth street, 1) Urquli irt, 74, C illilis »trect S mu liri au 1 bt imford, 6, Charing Cm«), Lon lan At tho establishments of the agents lu Gcelnit", Syd io), Launtest in, lorett Crotk an t HobartIPowu, access 11 liles of Hie Argus ina) u!wa)s be olitalncd ABOUb AGI NCV, C lllns-strett, »tat.-Mtssrt PL 11 R UOBLIl I SON an 1 < O , News Agents, Collins stre t, west, o| itislte Iho Market square, liavo li cn u] |sj]ntcd Vf,eut» fir tho Arjus, nud »ill from this dall! riedle «.dicrtlsemcnts fur insertion In that Journal Jami ir) I4th li*«.! N01K I - bunio ino nunlttuc I iln" ii|iriciutd b) Hie dist une of Hie Argus Oflkc troin the Wli iris al I Westen, cn 1 of Un tit), ndtirtlsers nu t olhtrs aie lufoniiid tint nrrauf,cmintn halt been made with Mr J VMI S WILLI VMS, Pa)cr Itultr, Account Book Maker, Ac , next door io the Ito)al Lachanto Hotel, Collins-striet, at »nose ship ad»trtlseiutut.s ali i otbtr eommuuitatl us fir Hie Argus may lo left till eight odo k in the culling New subscribers may le ive their name» with Mr William», nuil hu will also hate single eel 'e» of the | aper c Hist ititi) on sale TO Pul lit ins anl Others - losei h VV 1 mell, Vi lintor «ni Appriiscr, can te seen dilly, from two'vo o clock until Hine p m, at Mr fh m isl>. ulss, VV »tell and Clock Maker, No 63, Llliabcth street Mel bourne M5Í4 CAH»-Junes Walterson, land Af,onv, Valuator, Stock nu 1 biatlon Salcstn in, at I General Broker, lliyds 1 xcli mee, Cotila« street, Melbourne Intro ducc I hy lames S!ui| sou, ! sq 744i PAU1ILS desirous o* returning to 1 nglan !, or of procecdlne, to an) * the neighboring colonies, may Insure a tafe and «in lvi»»s_no liv apt lying to bo idy and Jones, Genertl t »diping and Commission A(,cnt«,33,1 lttibctll street. M89 BALL ALI ! Y, St ire, an t hil» It »in opimsite the ltislni. Sun public house, i. Ho Bourke sti«-et, cast,-JOI1S" KVJItBLY, AiVtloiee , 107, i-llsatxth , «trcct, b-gs to rnliirm Importe-« of British «ntl \mcriean ! mercha i Use «lil colonial pnilucc, tint bus tug taken possession of the nlmve ci mtiiotll ms, dry nu I centrillv sitaitet! j remises, which rre i apat lo of sUiurg nbout 1JOO ton» meisurcmcut o'* (,otsls, he will bt hapj) to take charge of any qttantlt) of mcrclum Use or colonial îiridu e Inteu le I for Immediate »ale, without tnitklt g any cluu-c fir rent or sturaf.c of same, a nt bo cetifi deiitl) trust« that lils exertions to serte hisemp)o)crs, nnd to make the liest iriceof c-ierj thine (lacett lu li!« hand«, ti "ether wlilt an Itnmedlato settlement nf al! ty counts, will secure to liiln a lil eral ihirc of pt. silo sui port, to merit which will be li!» eonttaat »tu ty A pnlillcSalo w11! beholden at these Stores ever) Tie» dar and I rl Li) on the wholesale S)»U m, I ut in lot« to «tilt tile couvciiimt'-e oftlu trade in gi D' r ii The Boom« In 1 lix ibeth street will ho open as rsual for Hie dally sale ly auction of small cnusignmnrts of gtods, town »rit coimtr) imipcrtit«, lionseiio! 1 furni ture, an 1 miscellaneous irtlclis anil tile sanio aita,ti n will coiUnucito be ) ali! lo «clllnf, estates either at the rooms, or on tim premise» of hi» eniplu) er» as henton re 3e08 NO riCh -Matthew M't »w <t Co, Auctioneers, C-.MU mission Agents, Lherj St iii le Ktcpeni, and Corn Dealers, respectfully rot um their sincere thinks to their trien Is »ti 1 the Public for the fivor width they have reeeiixd, ami \\*e¿ to Intlnuta tint they line ills pmedof their premises an I business to Mettra Water house »ud Anslotr, «ho will continue the tatt« lu all Its branches. Messrs M'C A Co hare the frreiteKt confidence fn Introducing their Meccurs, Messrs W «IA, nml IiaTc no doubt tint the> w¡!l L,ÍTO gencr-tl satisfaction, aa thr> aro I nth business nun, an 1 han. a thorough knoftlcilgc of horse stock, Ac , and thc> will now be able io con lint tho bnslnrss in a st) le which 1ms been hitherto quite bejood our roach, tho whole of the mm agement formerly having Um oh ed upon Mr. M'Caw alone. - WATFMIOUSE * ANSLOW hiving succeeded to the ubovo business, trust by strkt atiuition to the inter»sts of their friends and the public,towri! aeon tinuancoof those favors which hare been so liberally bestowed tt}>on their I redecc-sors h H -Mr M'Caw lias kmdl) consentad to remain and render ever} assl&tauce; in his power, for three months 66384 , OWAKD NEWTON JOSHI'll, Importer and gene ral merchant, and commission agent, Neates Uuildlngs, Collins street, east. British and foreign tuerch-iudlso alwa> ? on sale 53Î9J JC 1'iLL, Auctioneer and Coittml-rgltn A gmt, « Charl cs-itreet, La une«; ton - Consignment«! re ccived, prompt returns, with reasonable charges, .Storage gratis, for one month Instructions; for pim-hasing Colonial l*redace attended to, If recovered b> a remittance. Launceston, January 1,1853 8790 LONDOS AGENCY -lrolerlo Alga-, Colonial C mnilssiou Agent, 11, CHcuient »-lune, Lombard street 1 li lin Pur) ti rli tlon ofl usines« l-an«ncted In Lou lou or On it Britain for ti c Airstiall ui (i lonies C nsif,nu cuts mile inlrccciv I lint tinints off it, 1 lu British or loreign-securities Lngllshncitsi a| ers, liooks .tu, forw arded, sy jnstor «tram r< A rcmittiine or rifireiico rtqulxeil. Lou Ion, Af ri! ith 1C53 "507 TO Gu| tains of lesscl» bhlpawncrs, and A(,ents -M Cormack end Son, S lipping Agent» eau tu| ply »eamen at tho shortest notice for British or lore!>,ul rta A boat In attendaaco on arrival of the 4 o dock steamer at W tlllamstowti, to put seatntn on board In Hie Iii) J abor Market_10585 A CAB»-To Land Pro] rletor», Settlor« Star« keciirt Wholesale an I Itetall Dealer«, Diggers, and OUiers -Mr Hobart Oootlwln, 10, Hinder» lune, Hour, Gull, au) Land Aient,ml Factor Commis slona for the Diggings, Geelong, Hobart Town, Ade Idle, Swim River, B)dne), India, the United State», Paris, an I Lnglati t - Inifiorts, 1 sport», A 369 BOWN! KLNNHJY, and Co, Shipping ant Commission Agent*, St Johu-strcct, Launceston V an Uiemeu . Land f reduce pureba*«! on commis .Ion Henry Norman Browne, lato agent for th« Victoria Gol I l-seort Company at 1-orost Creek, »nil Charles Quinten Kenne ly of Launceston, ti ivlng commenced ! usinas» as above, solicit tlio support of Uielr friends ami Hie | itbllc »430 NOI1CI - CIIAMBI Its and ÜOUIINF, Auc- tioneers au 1 General Agents, Hinders stroet (ono door east from Queen tired) beg to inform the I ni,Ho that Uley are | nimrod to effect Sale« of all tlo tcrl| lions t f Mcrehan Use and f ol ula! Produce, either irliattl) orb) I UBI IC AUCTION Timbi r (assorted) and Colonial Produce al wa) s on I an 1 G ».Is storeif »lus fliO N w Arrlv ils -VU i artie» having 1 uillsh (,otxl» X to dispose of will fin! It to their altandee to A (¡I.M.S Minted, fur His bulo uf John Kalos Patent Medicines, for Melbourne and lurniiiuillnR tint n j I apply to Win. II, las lor, wholesale, agent, 5«, Lillie Cullins street, cast._1(163 rpO tho Drapers of Melbourne, Gceloiifi-, Port Pair), X Warriiainl)ool,»inlCouiitr) 8torckec|vor»irenorully Ooutleiiu n,-t desire to til mk )ou for tho largo men sure of »ii| ¡wrt th it 1 has o recoiled at I our limul« M) aim lins been to lirlnir mi EIIRIIIII and Colonial cx|erltnto to bear In establishing n largo wholcsslo dru|iors, slop, and hosiery trudo ; In which I liai o bien enlim nil) successful. 1 bet; to npprlso)ou that from this date Mr. John Kim; will ho iiiiiuutid with mo as a pirtmr in tho busliiei«, mid It nltnnl« mo «nat pleasuru In thus pre suiting ltltu tu ) uti, known, as ho has beon, to most of ins frlcmli during tho p-ist twolto months III« prno tit ti ktiostlcdgu ni tho Lotiduii, Manchester, Yorkshire, mi 1 Smith mirkets, fully qunllf) bim. In conjunction willi iii) self, to prepaionnltr» In dil ill for tho guidance of our hume buitrs, In lho ptiitlmsoof those classes of good» which halo heretofore soourtd )our luluiel itpiirouil It will bo the endeavor of tho now firm to seeiuro the ciinlltiuiuico tif)oiir ni| port t and by extended Importa tlutis to mci t lho lucrcuscel douiaiiils of tho colons. Cli'iitlouiin, I remain tours, Rcspectfull) mid nbl'ml, 1 RHIIK. J. IÎARC100I) The business of (ho noir firm will bo conducted under tho it)lBi)f SAUOOOI), KIM). AN!) CO. gai ' 111 LU-lho .lorslKiiod billie; iltur« J. und II 1 cunt nt, of Well puk liront ry, filis,-,)«, aru In thu i.-celnt urn puliir »tipilit« uf their beor und poitor. DICKSON, LIL ( Illtl.SP ,C Cn , C/il. LU »tlc-c-t. 4U9 BduotHloual. O' Ol.LINOWOO» Boirdlii'r Sthoul.-ltev. II, 'liinpldon, having tikiu Inigtr pitmlsis, can "et.iirnd to it few additional Bonders, «lunn hu treats ns lil» own family. Class-room, Naplei street (burch. Tunis moderate, unja niTsïïïoTiii.-At.ii I'upii« «m i,,, loudu'dhi 1 Mr«. Hlubh, (¡lint lliiiusttlik «tied. Colling. «ool. Cottage thli I d mi finiii ti, Uni le »lui I, on the ilglitgoUigdotin. Tenu», time guim is pu qiuttti. _ Illili MUSICAL lulTl.-Mi. II VV. Itiuim, I'lnf,,',," of Muslo, lulu mt nillir of 1'lillliuiimiiiUi Sm Id». I.lioi pool, pupil ol J. II. (lull,don (haiplst |" ti,,,' (..tutu), mid m I li ni I l!ossi>lliii(tluMili),iiil,,l plmlst) In gs r, spu llulli lo si ito Hi it hu h is cuiuimmcid glslng lissons on the l'laniiloilo, Harp, Oigin, ,m,| slngl,,,? i uti ol whit h hu hassuiu'Sfcltill) t night In Lliupoul lo. th, lnstilf,ht years, und trust» Hint tho Inhabit nits ?,| Melboinni, »III fit» m bim nilli u »linn, nf theil sun sut, lur tunis, i, lu onus, Ai , npply (" si. j IV Uki,, Muslu siller, Collin» »tied. 1J 10(03 WASHING.-I mullios ii Giiilú¡u^¡rT¡i7hOTcT «nilling done on miidci ito ttirins, l,i tun Iv lim hi Min ot pu sunnily to II, ltdil,'lli,H"i,i'¿|,,|, " «omer of Cuuibiltlga mid Hluuii>y.>|itol>, C'villlliigwnod! l>? Jl>| | Medical. IMMIGRANTS Aid Society,-IJr I arlcy attends nt tho Dispensar), Houseless Immigrants Home, C ins is« I'oitn, daily, lrom 9 to 11 Als >, at tho offlVo oftlio Society, comer of Collins strtet and Ssvniiston street, dall), from 13 fn 1, for tho purpose of furnishing medlo ii advice crutiiltuusly, and In tase« of dottltutlon, muli, lue« also J VMLS ULACKUUIIN, Honorary fecirttar) _ _8440 VACCINAUO.N -Mr O Hcllly, Bunoon, Ae , al home for Vaccination every morning-, from 10 to 13, at his residence, los Collin« street, west 6135 MR L ILUCHLR, suigeon, bos renion.il to 8, Lonsdale street, west, npp islte Passmore s Coninierclti Hotel, where ho mi) ho oinsulted ns usu ti b-fore ton a m , at two p in, and after six lu the cienliin' Nr Uttther may also be cou ultu! ciery nun nilli at lleven o clock, at Mr Dennis«, chemist, HW, king strut _lo.ii MONSIEUR L. A 11DUU1I AUX, Dentist, arter a successful practlc« of lil« profession for seien .tens, ha« great pleasure to «tate that he may be cou suite 1 at lila roim, upper clumbers, b1, Swanston «trcot, from nine till five dill) 1 ho latest Improve- ments received from London a lo) ted Monsieur B t tslts Geelong the last three da) s of eich month, nt Mack »Hotel M 11 bera to stile that ho has no connection with he chemists establishment e79l DIsl'LNs UtY I ir Ills tit« of tho 1 )o, Smith streit, f olllngnoo I, between lho she) lier Is Arms mil tho Cullin,, won I Brewer) Allen I inca (¡ser) ?numil g, Sun 11) se me) ti I at nine oeloek CM rslOCHLMISlS AND DRUOUISlc), ann lunn ii A Btorckui cr« In town and country -G II \\\ li- ll mis. Win Its ile Druggist, bet,« to lutortn bl« friend« and the tra le i,cneraUt ,tb it he li is mude amiifceiuints fir carrying mil the win lisait drug Imsliie«» lu «nth a millner a« »li lil «ecurc tilt anioval of all thosi who mi) fivor bim with their urdeis G li W lia« been long ct ibllshe I lu the drug trade, nul lu« now so or tonslul/ ¡ncre-istd hi« sloik, al to he in a position thorougnlv to fícente ull i nltr« i titrustul to hi» care I rum the long und urie 1 cipeilcncc (» H W lu« had in I un.lou, and from lil« present connciMuns willi the first houses lu I unlanl, all d ugs au I chcmtcils catt be relied on as of Hie best qunlit), and at tho lowest re muller itlve i mills Onlcrs from the cuunlr), 1 orcst Creek, HOIIIIL... and other dlttjug«, hum. di it. h at- tended to Gnat Hrunstvlck street, Collingwood M.l biurne 642G3 DK E J WILSON (lite of Creat Cnr-uil street, Russell «nuire, London,) is residing at Richmond, npiDslto tho risldince of Jume« Henty, lsqulie, at home for c m3.illation until li ilf | «st ten, am 1117 MLDICAL- MR fc W PILI.RIM, Mimi cr ul the Hil-ii College of Surge III«, Louth ii, Lit en Hite of Apothecaries Hill, Loudon, lia«commenced the prictlce of hi« profession at Linly Park, Mooral»..! Riler 14 ii« FOR ¡stopping lleca)ni fteUi - lire l.naniolCement, for stu| | luff Decayed Teeth, however largo tho cavity It is ptlced lu the tooth tu a soft »tlte, without ali) | rcssure or pain, an I soult heroines as haul as the enamel, and will remain firm In the tooth for many )eir«, reub ling extraction unnectssiry, and arrestlnf Hi» furtlur progress of decay All person» can use the Cement themselves, with .use, as full directions are en closed At Mi I «kell«, surgeon Dentist, Colllns strtit, opposite the Múllanles Institute 7661 MLDIC4.L- Dr Mahony, formerly In prattles In Port Ailel-ildc, may I c consultait dully, at 142, 1 limiers lane, east, having commeuco.l practlc» there »«-'24 IMMK.lllNrs AU) SOCIL1 r - Nome Is hereby gis eli that the ebove Society has org miser* a tem iwrury s|ek WardvinlDIspeniary, at the llousclnu Im migrants Home, Cr nva«» Town, where i)r I irly may he consiilteil gr-iti llottsl) dally from nine to (leven a m , nn.l nie.Heines procured at m nitrate cb in-es, or gratis in cues of elestitillou -JAMLS HLACKBUKS, lion Seeret-try lune lt-th, l<-53 OTbT rilO Hie Chemist«, Druggist«, nul Surgeons of Col A Iii timej, Hlchinnnd, ami lurrnumllng neighbor hooil-O II WILLI VMS, Wholesale Druggl.t, begs to inform the trade that ho lias now toniplettd lils ar ringeiuenu fur entering thoroughly Into the »hnlcsal« ileiurtment, an I trusts h) prompt attention to bu-lness -in I siipiiMng evt r) article of the liest nuillty and at reasonable prit e«, to oldaln a «har« i-f their support N li -'Ric entrance to the wholesale warehouse Is from King ii llllam-strret, ut the rear of the prisent I remises, Great llrunswlck street, Collingwood, Mol !»oume 2964 KAl 1. S W orsdcll 1 il!» may n m be II ti Wll ilesnie, at 58, Little Collin» »trett, cast Wm U Ta) lor, agent IOHO All S Infant» lte»torutlve, wholesale, at Sa, I Uti« Collins street, CASC «Atti B lay lor, a tent _10«! DU 11! LA, rociutlyone of the Pin »lunns to tim Adelaide Hospital, un» hot "Militai a. hi» rcsl dence, 105, Minder» I ino, east, mar Küsset -»I cet _4100 Ca.lt»- Dr P IliiMenxles Munt er ol the Itova' Cillegeof Sur(,e us of I illnl ur.ti lately medical uTicor of the elly f arlUi of GI isgow, 1»J, awanstiu street, opposite the Ilo»i lui bl 14 D' n^IIALLLTl, Meinher of the Hoya! CellcgTô" Surgeons »ni of the A|«thtiaries Conti amy of Lou ton, Burgeon of tlio sth Bellmont of Jortey Hoyal Militia, alio, lato «urgeon to th« West Horts Count) l-iilrmary, and Assistant Colonial SurgM«, Portland, 4tr Rosi lenee Smith stroet, between Shepherds' Arma ?and Collingwood Brewery, Collingwood May he consulted dally, at one, at Mr Ford t. Che mU, 67, Swanstnn-etreet. 4675 TO the inhalnUnU ami Clergy of Melbourne and Its Vieillit). Lfflcaclous eura for .corns, bunions, callosities, ¿c , svlthout cutting or earning tlio slightest pain, by Mr Van Meppelt, Chiropodist, from the firm of Van Mop pelt and Sons, 105, Oxfoid strict, lxmdon Mr A an McppoJt a t) «tent Is at onto n< vol and based upon long experience, it has rot olvcd U1« «million of tho no1 Hit) nutt gentry In 1 nglaiid, he having by care ful still) and tweitt) thrcu )cars jractice, rentiere 1 lilmsilf mastirof that br inch of surgical art In which he lias ticon so 1 ng engagid May lio consulted dall) nt 84, Collins ttrcct, east, next to the Argus ollie, from 10 till 5, where tipw irds of 2000 testimonials ma) ho lnsjicctcd frem lueillcal 4.tnt]omen from nil parts of Lngltnd, wlilchhnve been presented 11 him uiaii^ ) ears after attendauio I idles an 1 gentlemen attended at their own ml «lente I y giving a day s tiotico Consultation free 8973 Dit MCHLVN1, Surgeon nul Accoucheur, has commenced practico at Sandridge, whero ho cun lie consulted ti illy 85(0 r|«0 Surgeons, Chemists, Ac -lor dis]osa), a JL Chemist and Ilrugilit. 1 minéis Ina rapldl) Im proving nclchborhood up(ly to Jatuo« Warr, willewa» .plrit merchant, etc,, S«ed yard, Minder» lane, eail 1020» SCAB Scab Scab Anthony Green, Veterinary Surgeon, 73, Queen street, guarantee« to effect » cure of the aliovu disease, in any of its ttagt«, willi less thau li ilftlio usual npense, tim«, and trouble. Mr. G. has lad ten )«art' experience In the wont affected docks In Engl md, and up to the tims, ho left hail not a single enso fulled to lils jtuowlcrigo The means lure hail rccourso to, are based upon principles both sclcntlilo and praetha!, tho result of year»' »Hld observitlon his treatment not only iffectually ctirct tho disease, In tho nislorlty of cites th« first dressing, but Increases the growth of wool, with n vor) marked Improvement in Hie qualité-. Mr O would fee) happ) to answer mi) communications from tho Wimmera, (¡colong, or any other part of tho colony, addressed at above. Ju!) 25th, 185 I »190 It. GLLNDINS1NG, A M and ti » , and Mun lier of Hie lt«yal Collège of Surgeoni London, can be consulted dall) at lil« rcildento, Eureka, near the It. C. Cuaiw!, Bataam! Medicine-! supplied grutli _10456 DU LiNSBIt, bei;toanuoiinco to tlio Pitsiongtn of the Abdullah,am! to the public lu general, lint ho has taken up hil abode at 1U7, Great Col,lus street, ««st, nml m i) bo consulted c» ery ila), from Oto -', on reason Hilo tirnu 10151 Dit CLMtV, Assistant Coloiilul burgeon tor K)ue. ton, begs to umiounce Illili,o has comm, need practice in that lim-,, and that ha may lie consulted dull), at the Ho) ni Oak Hotel. 10401 Teadei*. SUM EH 4.011 and Water Commission.- Penders will buri celled at Hill Olllio until \i idnesdny, 10th d ly of August next, from pnrtlts willing to ti neler fi r tho grubblngor sliibbhig up tho Umber on lho silo of tho nroiHised llesirvolr.at i nu Vi nu im the Upper Plenty. I'm th ul irs muy ho lind at the I uglnoer'a Oftlio, lentn II ill. Mi 11«.unie ¡ tho Pilgrim Inn, lho Ploiii,h Inn, and Hie llrhlgo Inn, nil on tho Pleiilv-road, or fromJMr. In) lor, tho AssistantLiigluccr, oh tho ground. Hu titultr tun) ho either fur the wini!« or part, mid pullos fluttering must bo prejiired lo u unturned opir utluus liituiedlntil), lillico of Cotumliiluners of Scttira, ,lo , luttn ¡lill, Melbourne. JJul Jills, 1»63 0101 rpo Ciiiitniitor«-leiithr« will bo icedted by mu A upon Monda), the lint ol August, fur lho win,lo or scierai works nipilred In tho ertotlon of II «tune «tote, ol'two Hours, In Llliubctli-ätrcet, for Messrs Cox, Slunt, mid Co Phins mid tho ip-i'lll. ii Ion may ho Impelled nt my olllte II D. 0. UU.SSLLL, urcliltu!, di Collin«, strut, «i «I 7.1 Jil pintie, ot ground In!, insdalo streut,east, dulcot by (10, Millitlilo for lho t reell.ni ufa «toro; n|i| lluntlntis In ho tumlo In writing lo Mr. ItOIIHItr ('I.OWLS, Ul. PH/iiboth street, until tho 1st August ni\t, ~luly ¿ist, ima. ftioo rill) I iinliiielor« -Iriuleisnie iepili-,1 In Plistu A log pu Mint, libar uni mute il it, or labni unis t nppl) to Ailhiir Niiwson, urihltttt mid «uni.tor, I, I.tilisdnlt strut, wist. Ililli) mo lliilldiii -liuilir« will ho iM.lt..1 nulli Wul. A ncsilni. tho lui in" August, fur Uni »lull« and lulik wnrlt (Including labor und nilli liais) icqulrid .lilian lililí »I mu «toro lu Collin» «Inet, Pinn« mid »10111111111111« mu) bo »un ul Hie eulie o of Mt. WM. (.ItLLN, iiiehlleel mid surve)or, J9, Omit Hum ko strut HH1I14 leiinlrod fur thssoveral _. ig (¡nllorlci lu St Hit illulia Church, Hlthinnud lho plum mid spitlllot. lion» to bo seen ut tho atilde ul tho iiiilirsluiiiil. to whtiiii lui .lirs ure lo bo lout by Moniln), 1st of August ,1, A C. Wl',1111, Anhlteuti, 1JÜ Cullins, street, weat. htluT mAiLOR AND LI If,li, of Niinlilli'O (Lliirdi t's J lltiiib), und Nu« ttl.itf, llt.buit I own, big lo niinniiiiui lo Illili li h nils uni tho pul Hu gi ni lulls, Unit hnsliig nun ioin|l tul lho null.ni til i «limite sion » nt Siiitliitig, Hi y mo pieiiind to uouhu Ceinslgii liu lils m nui) .1. ». il|.l!.iii ul Hun I« '1 lu It lim (tip i It nu In Um ( nbiiilnl murki I«, 1« the lu«t Kiiiiriiil.o th t mu nil r lo Umso who mu) lu it usi I lu t uti list gin Is to Hu li (me, cusin lug t\s It din« n it id) nulli nml ipili k Killin. N II II n.pill..I, miwun is will bo luiulo lo Cou» sigue e« nu nil descriptions ot goods, July ith, IWJ. looa A Amusements. LI-BDN-SOU-ALLn -rourtlt a| pcaranco, Mon - ^.- da), 1st August Mechanic«'Institution Grund Musical Soiree_I"'8-1 HOHL S tinrlrnllcd Sato Horn Band -J Hore ri turns lil« sincere think» for past favors conferred m bim, and rcspcctlully Inform» th i gentry anil public if Victoria, that his band is open to engagement«, both lor assembly mid plcnaura trip«, when the neuest «ml most popular muslo will bo performed Adjoining tho Wcsle) »ti Cliap'l, Brunswick street, Collingwood 00301 GUAN» Bali, Protestant »nil, lueseliy, A.iif,ust 2nd Tltkcts to .admit ono Gintlcinun an 1 tiro L lilli », 10s Oil, to he had at Mr Peek s Music Ware- house, 117, Swanston street. 0402 Company will pay the »um of 2501 fur tho apprehension und conviction of tho parties who rooke« the M'lvor Branch of the I.sort, on Wednesday last' and a further »uai of «01 for tho recovery if the «tole« proicrty, or a prop ntl mate sum, for th« r«co cry t ' any lart thrrcof SAVIL ABOYLE, W. Li SOUI1P, JAlir.S 1 INLAY, DlrccUrt. Melbourne, 23rd Jul) , »51_«485 Or (\\(\ UIIVV Vii»"-Union Bank rf Australia - dwDsJsJ Where«« a Ilov containing blank forms o Mote» shipped ti London, per stratheden, for th« Mci bourne Branch of tho Union Bank of Australia has b en stolen from tho lighter or wharf anti some of the notes irculatcil with lor gul Signatures. The public are lulloiicd ngainst taking such forgeries, and a HewarJ of C500 Is huchy offered to any person who »111 glvo such Information as will lead to tho conviction of the thief or Ihlcvcs, and recovery of the Note» -J. BLACKWOOD, Manager. _1008 rlILN POUN»3 BLWAlt»-rho unlermcntloned L »enmen haling deserte I from tho »misil barque Glieruska, the above Henani will lie given to any pirt» m such information being laid down as will lead to their ippruhcnslon llo)»l Danish Consulate, J. B WEHE. Niel llommeltof Nts Luuilhek Hans Jensen Enooma». _Hans Peter Kofort_5(53« TTIOUU POUNUS RLWAIt» - btrived from a Pad i1 dook at Sonth Yarra, a light Gre) Horse, nearly white, but ticked with small brown spots, or flea li'tton, switch tall, branded on mar ribs with a half circle and bar Ila« marks of tiling latclv blistered all round Also a Bt) Pon), branded 1 mar shoulder, and with . whUo ¡latch on one of the hind fetlocks Any on« bringing the above, or furnishing saifsfactor) Infor ?nation lo Mr HALBIRNIR, Baluierino House, South Y irra, will receive th« Howard of two pounds for rack horse._«4*14 rpb.N POUNUS HbWAlt»-btolciioratiastuiroii L near Aitken'» Gap, on 1-rlday last, one large black Entire Horse, star in forehead, mottled nose, two hind feet white, no visible brand. Wlioovir will glie such information to the undersigned a« will load to the r« coverynf the sahl horse, »hall receive Uve Pound« If strayed, or Ten Pounds on the conviction of th« offen der«. J\MF.S WBIGIir, timber merchant Mel oourne, ICth May, 1853 102b« O" ND HUN»KLU POUNOb KLWAHO - Ab »on« ltd from our «tore, about 15th May last, Michael I liorna» Stacv Walsh, taking with bim a tua of inonc) , the ibove ltewanl w11) be givt ii to an) person who shall give such information as shall lead to his ap prehension (he is a youngman, about 5 feet 9 indies in height, fresh complexion, dark hair, lillie or grey eyes, and wears a moustathe), by appl) Ing tu Charles Mao kellnr and Co, storekeepers Nino Ml>o Creek, Ovens, or lames HcmphUl and Company, Nclbouruo, shall receive the above Reward. «une lit, 18S3._U3* rriES POUNUS Kr.Wa.ItO- Stolen, from the Mail JL Station, Little River, Melbourne road, on the after noon «f the Util luttant One darkin)- Horse, black point«, branded TO on off »Ido neck, «oro on near »Ide neck, done by the collar, »linllar toa scans, about three inches long Ono bright b t) Horse, white face, branded on off sid« neck TG, near htnel and near for« foot white, with a bar on near shoulder The sum of len Pounds wtH lie paid to am part) wlio ma) and the aboved described horses, and brin»- to con vlctlon the thief or thieve», or a «um of Two Pound» (£3) per hoad will be paid ta an) party delivering the raid hone« to th« Mall Station, Ltttlc Uiver THOMAS GIBSON. Geelong, Ma) 15th, 1851 54537 CAUTION to l'o mdkeeficrs and otlur»-Lost or Stolon, about fifty miles from Melbourne, on the Oven» River Hoad - A chcsntit ilnught Maro, no brands, silvery man« and tall, rather large Joint» Alto, a l-ay ilnught Horse, branded JP near »noulder from a paddock near Melbourne. Also.a black dr night M iro, branded S near »hool 1er, near hind fetlock white, (rout a paddock In Littl« Ilrighton. Any per»on lirlnflng the »ame to O COATES, Port Phillip Club Hotel stable», or f,lilnrf mes Inform itlon as will leal to thct-recover), shall rtcclio lue Pound« forth« cttosnuttaarc,and llircc Pounds each for th» other two 54531 Sh 11USIJI LI) 1 OUNDS ItLVVAUD-IV herons . In) Mare, thorough bred, black points, brnndid 1 VV conjoined «in shoulder, No 43 arrow o»er 4, 15 hand« high aged, was stolen from the 1 dnnpls Uiver during in» absence T lie uhove mare was stolen from near Deniliquin, Edwanl« Wier The aboie Itiward to bo paid on conviction of tho thief or partit« concerned In the robbery JAMI S MON kF8 Campbell « Creek, Jul) 7th, IB53._3030 CAUTION to Auctioneer», Poundkcepcr», and OUior« -Strayed or Stolen from IrWttown Plenty road a Hay Horse, branded ja VI off «boulder, with »llf,ht lilaxe around the cje«. If «tri) ed, a Ite wanl of Five Poundt will bo glien on dclhcry nfth« «anio to Mr 1-dwnnl Wood, at lil« Orocor) Store, Darebin Greek, nml if «toten, Ten Pom dt will ho paid on conviction of tho thief S937 NOTICE to roundkecpers and Ol! ort-Stolen or Strayed, from W inter s Flat, on t io 27lh May, . black Horse, branded 3 G c IT shoulder horseshoe near shoulder. Hoff mane, nntl square tall rising 3 years old A Howard of £2 will bo paid < n delivering the same to Morrison. «tore, Winter« Matt or ¿1» on convleUon of tho thief, If st len. 11. A ldOKHISON 66225 TWO Pound» Howard -Stolen or Str») ed, yester day, from tho Tillage of Heidelberg. . Black Gelding, In hubble«, branded CM near shoulder, and AO off hack. Any nereon bringing tho tame to Mr. O Donahue, at Heidelberg, will rccclvo tlio above. July 10th, 1853 MOO WO POUNDS REWAIID-Stolen or Strayed, a Bay Mare, branded WD otTncck under inane, left latt on the W Creek with her foal. W hocer will brin» tho mine to JAMrs WALKER, Ship Inn, Fllnden lane, shall receive the above Reward, Í7M EN Pounds Howard.-Taken In mistake, SOO paling from the Queen 8 wharf, on Friday night, or early on Saturday morning. If itolen, the above Bownid w11) bo given on conviction of the thief. Api ly to Mr. Itobt Nlcholion, Bull and Month, Bourke street »885 CAUTION to nuctlonicr«, poundkeeptra and other« -Stolen, 2Jnd July, a heavy draught chesnut Horse, bbuodown face, aged, branded JC near shoulder W It off neck Alio . piebald Hone, brands JUS on the near neck, JUS on the near shoulder, W oa tho near thlrK P on tho eff thigh. Alto a bay Msrc, two hlnil feet white, grey hairs in the facertirandod M. 8tolcn from Mr Aitken'» Gap I hereby offer the Howard of £30 on conviction of the thief. P. LANAGAN, Williamstown. 0291 FIVE POUNDS RKWAKD.-Strnytd or Stolon from Mount Korong Digging«, a light Chesnut Hone, bang tall, no vlsiblo brand, lennll white star In forehead, slightly saddle marked, and small while i|Ot on off hook, rather near sighted. Whoever will bring tho above bono to Mr. E. WOOD, Geelong; or to tho Geelong Store, Mount Korong, shall receive Five Pounds Reward. Mouut'Korong, Juno 2Mb, UBI. 3210 STOLEN, on suth Juno, from Ligio Hawk, a dark brown Hone, white face, black spot from the off sido nearly to noar »Idol hnrso shoo brand on noar shoulder. Fifteen Pounds will be given, If found | and Twenty.Uro Pounds If tho party who stole bim can bo brought to coiiilet'oii. Apply Thomas Sherwin, nt Water li'les, Eagle Hawk._10571 AUTION to Poundkoctiers «ml Other».-Strayed, a chesnut liorso, branded W near shoulder, white 3 blazo down the face. FIvo Pound« Reward will bo given to any person who will bring tho horse taliowoar.il Co.'s Horse Haiaar, Great Itourko-atrcet. lOtlOO c rTIWO Pounds Howard -Lost, on Mnndny last, noir A Prince'« bridge, a brown and white Cow, long straight horns, a «mull soar on tho buckbono near the II rump, and branded O on off side, Whoover will bring the same to Mr, W, Gledhill, acoounlint, nt lho ofllco of Mr, Chamber«, aolltltur, (Jnotn strict, will rtcelte the ahoi o Howard. ?lui) -lilli, IHM,_loco« rïÏL.N Puiiiids Ronnrd.-Sha) ed 01 Stolen, from tim A M'lvor diggings, it Hay Horse, branded E off shoulder, while lil-i/o down fioe, small growth on bolly. If Holen, Ma on conviction, or ill on dolhcry to Dr. Hunter, M'lior diggings, or Mr Diiilol Cooper, 111, Little Lonsdale strict, west, Milboiiruo Aun ti.nicer« nnilpountlkic|eisaro hereby cautliintd ng-ilnst ?tiling Hie above horse. KOUL1U' .M1101ILLL, M'lior diggings. | July lu, 1)1113. 10121 LOSl, Stilen, or Htniycil it dark II ty llorso, about It) binni« hlhh, lirnntlcd T un noir shoiildtr, fresh tullir murkid on ml shoulder, s-ulillo mirkod short itvltoli lull, II stn)) id, £10 Hu win u will ho glvop to tho finder | If stolen, £.1(1 on conviction of tho thief, hh __ ^'ouiulkeei or», mid other«, - Suppoitd to ituleii from tho H.nilli Yaua Inn, on urubimt tho iiidof Juno, ti Hay Minc, about 10 liunili lil, li, white »tar In fornliind, near pin knocked lu i noir hind foot whllo, brumlo! II* nour shoulder 11) ilollscrlng thoinmctn Mrs. A I MNSON, Hniilh lurni inn, or lit tho lib.ck Hull lim, (Ircut Hourkti stn ct, Mil. boiiuio, or to Mr. 1 DOM AU IIIIOWS, lorost Ctcok, oiipnitte the Commissioner « iiiiiiip, will nuolvo lho allot o Howard, 1(110« /».) HI WARD -Lost, n lud)» big, cnntiiliiliig ¿Vu Jowolloiy, ile. i lho ubivo Uoivird will bo pild to any uno returning lho Jowtllory to 1 dttiird Nunton Jiiioph, Ncttvu« building« * 1. (HU ritWl.VIY Pouiitl« Uintnrd-Wbirens John \\\\.ul A luco, mulo <n lho ship Mary C mimili, iilnooiidid fium lho nbnso msd In llobstms lliy, on tho Hist lint, tilling w Uli him tho log book of llio sahl lusstl, Ihonbuio uiiioiint will bo paid lonny mi,on nirtstli g the said Juli» Wulbu»), nml Inditing lilli! In «aft oi a. ltd). WM. Hl.tsNI.Y, (UUiiiiiiiti lol ol tho Mari ( un non, ni tim ollie« of li. A, tíniltli und Co,, Jim I,ct. ni miro. Iii iRhh (l roeta lutins 11 ali, 11 ink Complexion, »mirth)' L)o»,grt) i nat on tlioforoiicnt jNiitltouf Willoi (Uni, l.oltiml Agu, twoitls.llvo voltri. july at, w«.,), toora Fubll« Mcetlar. mc Ollie Momlnrs of tho Jewish 1 nilli- A meeting _ will bo held nt tho Vestry «oom of tho Syna- gogue, on Sundi) next, Jul) 31st, at eleven o clock, a ni, to receive tlio report of tho Building Commlttoo » HLNJAMIN, Warden._10103 AN extraordinary uniting of the 'V ictoria Medical Association will he held at tlio houso of Mr. Watkins, surgeon, Colline,«ood, on Siturday evening next, the dOth Hist, nt hnlr past seven o clock, for tho further consideration of Mr 1 minim. « lettt rs publish- ed lu the Argus, newspaper. J BLACK, lion Seo , 48, Bussell street, 1 burulu), J»th July._ l"7tn) EMU HI 1 ION of I lue Arts -Mtmbors of tho Com- mittee nrc parin ulaily request!o' to moot on Irlday ntxt Iho ¿lill Hist, at tuo p m , tit Mr .Baker« Imolc depot, bwnnston street._I074T. Hotel» and Refreshment Booma. rilli! Great Britain Hotel, Hindert ttrcet, Wharf L HIGUAKU 1 V ASS HILL bet,« to Iiittmateto his frltnds nutt the commercial pul Ho of Melbourno, that he has succeeded Mr W Pelling as proirlctorof tlio al oie coturno limit nnd well situated hotel, anti »hill s inciting Unir patronage, ho assure» Hiern Hint no cfturt shall lie wauling on his part to tneilt the same, ill« stuck of wines nutt spirits has been replenished »Uti the choicest assortment Iho market could oller ; »bile his bottled m il draught nie and porter are of tho hist and most a¡ proved brands Coniuitrtlal Gentlemen will find that nrrnneeniint* h ive been made for nlTortl ing the nceomiiiodationsso essential!) necessary to tills I ustucss lucalit) ? Settlers an 1 Gentlemen from the interior, whoio business ro, quires their nccaslnti ti presence in tho metrópoli« of V ictoria, will meet with nil the comforts of lnunu, »hilo the p oxlmity of Hil« lintel to tho prinelpnl wool and produce tuarts, renders it eminently suited to their requirements. To Captains of Vessol», nnd others of marítimo pursuits, this hotel stand! A 1 tor f,ocd situation, gt id wines, and good fare 1 ituilics liowl) nn li ed aro respectfully run nditl tint the) mny go further and firuwirse-tho pioprlctor lining, in tlio varied alter ntlons an t improvements lie lins effected, paid «special retard to the uutifoit» require I after a long ten voyage. An Ordinary every ti i) at one o clock PJ.J8 OHIGIN VL SCO 1 1 ISil HO 11 L, Hourke street - J IimsCllAM beg» to intímalo to his filcnds and Hie public Hi it lie lui« ni tallied the transfer of tho Hcinsenfthenbovo commodious premises from Mr. J. j Passmore, nnd trusts li) attention to business, ho «ill be fat orod with a continu ince of the patronage so überall) bestowed on lils predecessor I ho w lues, spit its, Ac , nro of the » cr¡ liest description A limited milli) .r < f respcdablo )oung men can b .ecotnmo latcil as b larders. 3009 LLN LYON ISN, Western Port »¡strict, four miles frun Spring Creek Ulggln"s, and eight from Sailors Creek -U It Phillip» bc"s to inllmnto to his friends au 1 Hi« pul,Ile, that he ha« purchased tho above | remises, nn 1 obtained the tninsfcr from Mr. Murray, «ml that It Is ns replete as possible willi every attricthn Tim home nffonls ample accommodation for trivcller«, the «¡tuition is one of tho most healthy au 1 dcllf,ht(iil In the neighborhood, and th« proprietor feels assured that the an ingeníente w11! lie found auch as cannot full to Insure tlio entire api robatlon of thoso who ni ly li inor him with their patronage Neither pains nor evi elise have been S)urcd In securing a first. rito stock, an ! Hie servlco of efficient servants to carry out the object of tho proprietor, to accure aatitfnctlon to »11 Good Stabling nnd an extensive Paddock wellwater«! li) the I «lion, which runs through it- Uiggcrs Horses Liken in at 10s per week_SC020 FLLVI1NGTON Hotel, Livery and Unit »tables - Charles Whltbourne, lato trainer and stud groom 0 » C Sim) son, I sq , begs most respectfully to In- form settlers, and person! travelling to and frim the diggings, lie has taken those commodious and well. knowu stable», bull ck and sheep yards, and trusts by strict attention nntlclvilit), to merit a illaro of publlo patronnée Oats, hay, nnd onten straw on rcasonablo terms Horses broken to saddle and harness 639» Co.1 L ltestauraut de Pari» - Patl'serte, Irancalso, Anglaise, Allemande, Italienne, hy Charlea P. 1 asBert, 33, Swanston street, Melbourno, opposlto tho Bank of Victor! i-I beg respectful! i to announco to the Ladles, Oentlcmou, and the Public in general of Meibnurmi, and It« vlclnttt, that I luve purchased anil renewed the establishment of the aoove address, which will bo t, tintl replete with all that modern art can fur- nish to gratify the taste, and promote the comfort of my numerous visitors, and the Inhabitants of the colony; au I in soliciting tlielr kimi p itronnge, I beg to assure them Hut no effort nnd exertion will ho Wanting to secure for this splendid Saloon the reputation Which hasso largely attended my Turo!can and American experience I respectfully solicit )our kin I patronage, .ml remain your obedient servant, CUA11LLS P. lASSUU. Meg into, clianllnest, comfort and civility «111 bt strictly observed Breakfasts, luncheon, dln icrs, tup) tr», and «rolling pirti» supplied The mott delicious Lnglisli 1- rtiich, German mid Italian pastriMi ilwaisrcady 1 rent li »wcet-c ikes and fane) biscuit« of all sorts «A uldliif, I rta! fasts and dinners prepared on the »li irtest notice Coffee, tea, choc date, and re- freshments at all hours Tho Confectioners- Saloon Is .rcluslvel) devoted to the Ladles, or Gentlemen with Liulles, forsll sorts of refreshment 920, PbNING ol thoLSCIIASGH HOTLL, Gcorgc strcct opposite Hunter-street, '"jdncv - f ho un- dersigned rcspectlu 1) Invite« his old ctutnmortt, and tho public In general, to an inspection of the I-.stalillth uieiit, tito opening of which, he now does himself the honor to notlf). In ever) department, the Exchange Hotel will, It Is confident!) nsscrted, ho found lo bo unrivalled In this colon) Tho luxurious arrangements of the great hotels of Lii"lniii!, Continental Europe, «lid the United States, hate been carefull) kept in view in tho rich fur- nishing, nml in eicry other appointment of th!« »plcndltl mansion Tor. few features tho undersigned rctpectfully calls attention Tho magnificent and continuous Suite ofbalon», extending from George street ulong Margaret-strcet, at oncç nucís a t,reat desideratum solong adt el ted toby tholendliif, classes of S)dncv Communicatingb) largo foi ding tloors, tho rooms of this suite can bo inndo nvnll ablo for public »Inner«, llallis, Musical Soirees, Meet. Ing», de , mid, for accommodation ami sumptuous iqulpmint, stirp iss tins thing of Hie kind hitherto made available for largo nsscmMie» in S)dnc). In respect to Hie Culinary Department, for which tlio undersigned Ins obtained so much credit at lils old e». tabllshmcnt In I o»er George strtct.nnd In his cutcrlng at soino of tho most approved publlo/«« It Is notified L. .? frS!n P l0 2' Luncheons, coin| rising Choi», Steak», Cold Meat«, Jto , will bo provided lu the Lower Cotice ltooiu, and ut 2 o clock a 1 iihio d'Ilote, upon which nil tlio resources of a luxurious cuiwu will bo lavished, w11! bu stn ed in a grand saloon ou tho lint "ni*. ""'¡?r.ci'rci ' '.° I'10 C,,ll,,r' rurcliatcs have been mntlo SÎIÎILÏ I 'o"C,t l'51.,"1,, whlll,or » "G""1» "I"«. ?Jli...,i»J"' t?r Í''1"?,T,' ,and ,0 "''? denartmen» particular attintlnn I» so] li I lui * Not only ns nn illglblo establishment for minion» for professional, commcruhi!, and marítimo gcutlcuicu. but a« a most comfort iblo * .,, 1 amil) Hoto!, lilli unlqiio establishment »III, upon Inspection, be been litt« up In n st) lo In willi li cost has been dlsro. »«M"! H 10IINSON, liehangoHotel. 10301 Boraoa, Sliest»« Caula, «ko. ONE of the best rattening runs In the Blllcbong district, with 1.1,000 lut Sheen -Tho run Is estimated to depistnro 18,000, and the slieop now de pastitrlng thireun, consist of about 9500 wethers anti about 2500 ewe«, the greater p irt of which aro now la primo toiidithm Appl) to HEAR t, SON, Queen-street, Melbourne. _6477 A DUAlHllll Horse fur S ile, w IIr intcd st lunch to tho coltan apply lu IriiuULukey, Jsapltr shoot, Collingwood, opimsllo Mr. Blackett'», thcmlst, OJIIO LARHL estent or Minter Sheep Country.-Hoar and Sou bus a been Instruitcil to offir fur salo na extent of country 11| able of fattening In the winter sea- son almost any number of sheep, described as follows i -Coimneucitig at tin north west cartier of G. 1'. HaM'B run, mid hounded on tho south by a line bearing wost alunit tirent) miles, on tho west b) a Uno tearing north nboiit ttveiits-fuur miles to tho south weat corner of stanbridge s run, on the nm'tli parll) hy Stanbridge'! run, ami a cnntlmintluii of It» southern tiountler), n Uno tust about twenty mills, and on the cost by a Uno bear- ing louth about tttciit) n>«r miles to tho julutof com incnciiiiciif HI MIA SON_403 HLLD1NG LU 1 S -1 or Kulti, on the station oftlio iiiiilirslgnid, Seymour, Goulburn Hil or, 3100 llicep, ns under JJOIl 4 mid 0 tooth owes 1100 full mouth do, And 250 4 anti 0 tooth wothers. 3100 bend. Wurriiiitiil never lo hnvo boen diseased, NICHOL- SON A ROACH, ot Mr. JOHN MACKL.NZIE, Queen, »hut. 41011 SIII.EPiind citation-Uro« und M'lsonn hnvo ro. nlinl Instruction« lrom Hie proprietor to «oil a »plt'iidld liiltonlng »tiilloii.un tho Ullloboug. Tlioilioop totislst tit JOOO splendid aged nether uno mixed onus und wothers, from 3 to S yenr \- old« a uno Ono dray, with foui bullock», slook-horle, «te, given In with the Mall,.11 lho »hup mo guinntooil free from illsiusi-. Tim ?Sinti,ni Is ul Um most tutttiiliig tlescilptluii, composed i lilli ti) ul piulo«, nuil emin nena n hugo fiontiigo to tho malu lillie Innig ( rule 'I Im put) iii lur la nlmiit sim Ung lu II low ibu«, mid will bo g1 ul to show tin glutton ntul Stock lo nulli Intending piiuhiisur«, 'lilli Mul'oli will ho «old chenu lor c .»li. f>U, Hum ki streit, west, 6473 BltllîssWIl K -Nun I« .sour tluio lui it bnrgaln. 'Inn 'le.ni« ul lliilliuli« lui sub, li n In cudi li nu, willi gi ni completo, Jtiliu'1 icbllgu», llli.uswluk, neill- Milhuiiini. 81131 HOI1SI.S, IIIIISIS-lui- hih, tim «I tillie h Horse», tobo «eui nt the- s| ihh« o| (bo mulei signed, lil ni Ibu Wollligton Until, lu Ibu Gmitiiiuenl Paddock, UILIIIIIUIIII-nobii Ankiltll. OOM 17MIII Muli., six Winking Hull.,, le», with gmt |,minite .' ot W m. W lulu Htlltiul, lit ni Ililli thuriio, llnluon.liirn, _KUI» 171011 Muli-, Inn | und Millhill liuuiglit Hone» nml ? Di,,).s i II i-,..«I ( h Uso (ml im lum | u'goiul Spilng Initt Iii-I ml.- siddi« nml Hi'..lio i llut-rntu Gig lim in as i IttiiCiiilM lit 1H0S. ALLAN'*, Litury (Uni Ciililllllsslun Stabil», Ciel 11 nile.sited, Collingwood . _uni 4 rile) bo s, lil, it pi i s elisiighl lim se, wiirraiile.il A st mm li i ni u, ti nutt Diuynud Uni noss, 'lu bo sun upi .-lu- Mi \liluu» »lulling lui gi-, Miiilclluo sluil, lu nil I St, uni iii-stuil. imi'i \\.\rAHM mid lui.l) HMllS1"-At Ibu Carlton VV II.ii,lug 1 siul.llshiniul, (uitiiilcstiul, Col llligttuoil Pilusi wiiini bulli i-»liiglnb ith (I« | mimili» pul.I lu minim n. I« pi. Instil. Cold bathi-sluglo balli J«l lu billi« pilli In iidtniiiii, lind pur billi. N.H. 'lho iiluivu tlekil« mo translot.tble, A leiinldornblo rciluolloii for »»»son tickets, WB 