LLOYD'S AGENCY.-The undersigned hat« ar. ranged for the Surveying of Ships and Merehan álsa in Hobson') Bay, and at Melbourne. Informat'on from Masters of vessels Is requested of any particular eenrrtnee during the voyage, and advice and asslstaneo will be afforded to those requiring It J. B. WERE * CO., Agents to Lloyds, Melbourne Counting Houso, 46, Fllndera-lan», east 15720 Tor Oeelonsr, «_o. LTERATION of Fares and Time of . _A- Starting-MELBOURNE, steamer. »On and after Monday, tho 1st August, tho nsw and powerful Clyde-built steamer, MELBOURNE, oh Turnor, Master, will leay» I GEELONG Monday), "I Wednesdays, ¡-At twelve o'clock'punctually. Fridays, I MELBOURNE-Quecn's Wharf. Tuesdays, i Thursdays, > At twelve o'clock punctually. Saturdays, I FARES AND FREIGHTS f Saloon 8s.; - Fore Cabin 3s. Cd. Horse), gigs and carts 20s. each Drays and carriages 30s. oach Freight 40s. per ton. N.B_Gooda received np to tlme'of starting, and the owners will be responsible for those good) only for whloh receipt) have been given. Goods not claimed within ono hour after arrival will be stored at shlpiwrs' expenso. A letter-box will be kept on bonni for the special use Of consignees, and such letters will bo delivered freo of charge without delay. THORNE, SPARKS ft CO. Moorabool.street, Jetty, c colong, 91, Fllndors-lano Melbourne. July 30th. 1883._11813 J TAR, Steamer, from Melbourne, Hob son's Bay, rnd Williamstown.-This favorite Steamboat Is now running regular 1 y between the above places tis a Passenger and Tug- boat. Special arrangements can bo entered into to go alongside any ship in Hobson's Bay, with passenger) or gold, or for specie, Jowollory, or samples of (roods, etc Applications for towing, etc., may be mado either to tho Captain on board, or G. at. GILL, 98, Flinders-street Wharf. N.B.-The undersigned has Lighters disengaged. .«723_a. P. GILL. STEAM to Williamstown.-Tho COMET, 5 having completed her repairs, will re- sume her trips as above, leaving Williams sown Jotty nts o'olock A.M., and 2 r.tf., and the Queen's Wharfat 11 oVlookA.x., and 4, post 4CIS. GEORGE A,. MOURITZ, Agent_16227 f/EW River Steamer.-The A. S.N.Co.'a new Iron steam tender BALAARAT, of 32-hnrso power, commenced plying OB the river from Wcdnoday, the 27th July. Applications for towage, landing of passengers and ?argo from ships In the Day, to be made to Captain Wilson, on board, Mr. Smith, on board tho Company's ena) hulk Argyll, Williamstown ¡ or to the under- signed. THOMAS ANDREW, Agent A. B. N. Co" (1 .Market-square. July 24th, 1883. »748 ST ST .TiE ST JTEAM to and from Geelong.-The beautiful Iron clipper steamer PRINCE .ALBERT, 100 tons, John Laughton, Com- mander, Is now running with passengers and cargo between Melbourne and Geelong, and san bo safoly pronounced the fastest boat in tho trade. Her accom modatlons for passengers and freight aro unequalled. This.steamer leaves Raleigh'*.wharf, Melbourne, avery Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at 11 o'clock, and the Quecn's.wharf, Geelong, every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at 11 o'clock, -**. Fares and freight a) under : -""?""" Saloc-i. 12 6 " Forocxbtn . . t) Horses.20 0 Carts and gig) . . 20 0 Drays.30 0 Freight . 40 oner ton. Goods lntcndod for shipment to Geelong, aro received at any timo, and carefully store! free of charge. N.B.-The favorite steamer Victorln has boon with, drawn from the trade for a short time, In order to nndergo a thorough relit previous to resuming her regular trips to Geelong, in conjunction sslth tho Prince Albert, thus ot.iMishlng a dally and most efficlont communication for passengers and freight between Melbourne and Geelong. RALEIGH, LOCKE, THORP and CO., Agents. Melbourne, July 28th, 1883._11144 ¿TEAM between Melbourne and Geelong. jr -The Geelong Steam Navigation Company's splendid new nnd powerful Iron Steam Ship DUNCAN HOYLE, 200 tons nnd 100 horso power, John M'Lcan (lato of the Victoria), Commander, will start on the above Uno as under : From Melbourne : Tuesdays, Thursdays and Satur- days, at eleven o'clock, a.m. From Goolong : Mondiys, Wednesdays and Fridays, at eleven o'clock, a.m. The clipper Iron Screw Steamer KEERA, 120 tons and 60 horse po«'cr, John Thomas, Commander, will sall as under-. From Geelong : Tuesday), Thursdays and Saturdays, at ten o'clock. From Melbourne : Monday), Wcdnotdays and Friday), mt eleven o'clock. 8\. SMITH, Geelong A sent ; W. S. TYPE, 3, Market-street, Agent fir Melbourne Tho Melbourne Agent will lo at the Quecn's.wharf .aoh day from two o'clock, p.m , to take chargo nnd give receipt) for freight, to bo put on board niter tho arrival of the steamer from Geelong. 10327 "DIOR I'ort Albert-The line fast-sailing Jj schooner MEG MERKILIES, J. II. SsilseriT, Commander, will sall for tho above port on Monday, the ¿2nd August. Tor freight or passage apply to R. & P. TtjKNIlULL.Markot-squaro. 20203 Tor Vssn Diemen'* _>_nd. on Monday next, tho 22nd inst. For freight or pasiagc, apply to Hie Captain on board, or to FALLEblXlN and M'KECIINEY, Agents, Flinders-street. 20358 ,1011 Hobart Toivn Direct_Tho «ell known brigantina SCOTIA, 200 ton» t burlh.cn, P. E. Wadloy, Commander, «Ith splendid accommodations for cabin and steerage passen- gers, to sall on or nbout the 26th lint. For freight or passage apply on board at the Qucsn's wharf. Augnst 19lh, 1883. 20283 iHIGINAL Lino of rackets. - For Ho bart To» n. - Tho well kno«n fast isalllng schooner CIRCASSIAN, 112 tons, J. Thomson, Commander, will sall fur the nboi'O port on Saturday, 27th Instant. For freight or passago apply to tho Cartiln on board or to HENRY DOWNES, Agent, Iïliulers-strcct, west. August 19th, If51._20.102 rOBAKT TOWN -To sall early next L «eek-thoJANE ANDERSON, has room for about too tons of Cargo. Apply to TIIOMA8 STEVENS, Wharf. August 18tll, 1853. 20118 H° «fafcB. t__t_0" .KSL£K HAÏ ['EM tcsscl for Holurt loan -Tho fluo now brig M Util Mil T 11I0M SON Is now alongside tho Wharf, opposite tho Custom house, ant ready to tiko In cargo Her accomtnoditlons tor pissengcrs aro excellent, eterj thing being (lltcil np for their corni >rt For ficlfjit or passap-o appl) to Iho Captain on board, or to J SNOW »ALI , Agllit, 1 ¡ludir« strm l, w»al, opposite Stum oat wharf .11)653 «UIG1NAL Llnoof Packets for Hobart Town- Iho fino fast sailing barquo HAKRIETl NA1IIAN, 1 IQ tons, «in Johnstone, Commander, will sall for tho ahoi o port on Thunda), 26th August Tor freight or passage, apply to tho < iptaln, on IMKI. ». ... t,r,V1>\ IHIWMPII Annul I ll".ln-o "stosEE" I?OR Hobart lown Dlrcot-lite Hue new BKÍ®*' V eilt | cr bullt I rig MAUOLIH T «sTginTsr IHOMSON.-OOtons, Ilenr) llowilon.f'niu mander, will sall fir titeábate port on Saturday, .0th August, lust RForfrolMit or passage appl) to the Cnptiln on I oird, or to I SNOVUltLL A|,iiit, I lindora «lae , nest, opposite St i iniboit \\\ barf ¿0050 For Adelaide. S1 11 LAM to Adel tide -1 ho spit n lid nu 1 _> 1 owortul Iron scrow Stennii r, OS MANLI, O II Corbett, Coiuin inder, having now rnmilitid her extensile alterations, nr tlio holler minn uno of strorngo |as«int,cn, will lotto 8)dnc) tor ti Is port on the lKthlnst, to proiccd heute toAdilalli «eiitliiriirmlttliit.f t) ilj'ht hours after arrltnl In Hobsons Hi) Hu nee mino I it uns ure un rivalled Plans of her cabins ina) 1 o «eui at tlio i 111 o of tho iindcralt,iie 1 ïho Osmanli Iscipcetul lo arrlio lu liol son s 11 ly on Bunda) ni \t lor fnlKl t if i mingo appl) to I U 1 I \fl 11 IN auilM'K! C1! >l \, Acuita Hin Urs strut lil»1» FOR Ade! ii 11 direct, the funrlto clipper birqno ( Oi.DI N Atll , too ti ns burlhoii, Cn| I iln I r ne!» 8' «arl -Tho above well known nul i,ii)irlor ship bating full) established her roi ut illili as Icing ti u fisleit, most oomfort ibli, nul Illira!!) | mt hird ii's Ion tim b Uli, will sall linne »Uli her ueiustiimid puuituallt) Woifnosdii) next, -Mth Insl Patieiit,irH will lia ooinc)ed freo on board 1 y tlio Coinot stcamor, Ironi the C;uoeus wharf Irolglit will hu (ikon from the Bay, or If sent alongside nt n lo» rite Fortnight or pjsiaro npplj to Captain SI o wait on board, or 1 C 1I10MAS, Atcnt, 21, William alroct, Murkot s in ne J00J3 _ M¡XAjSLt^ b-.ftlllul Alíenle, n Clipper Ilnrqiio «MBM-l. IHIEADMIl dill', 110 Ion« rcglstor, Jame) Lawrie, ('iimiiiiiiilnr, m «ell and favorably kno«n In tho tiiidn, "HI pmltlvrh will forillo ulano port on Monda) (li >t, Hie JJti 1 August Fur freli.lit*.ir pnsingo only, n|.,,h to WILLI VM LAWRANCE, Agont, Ol, Collins uroi t, Mull « t MIIIIIO I or nilli« Ailelitdo Hhlp] In . omi 11_1D571 wsfríjtl TJIOll ADELAII'L-'lim «nil Itliolin li HEj*ghr MUIID nllppcr ship QIIEI'N Ol'SHEBA, w-»»!! »US tous, John lllni'sli ii, C'uiiiiirwiiler, »III (All tor tho nbova pul nu IIUMIIV Hw J,rd lust For fiolglitnr piwigo, iiiiiih lill, mid V. 'I I'ltN BULL, toniaiUliinl au no For lartln, -st-sisV IT1011 Cilcilltl Dil i el-'Ihn InlgTIIO. KßäjSlB I1 MAS Wolli IIIMM'ON, .1, ration, »«a~il~~. Ciiiniiiiiiiilor, «III Mil al.t 201h lint mt. Can takoficlghtnt inniluiito nln, mid lins good no oniiimoiliilliiii loi pushungi'in For fitight or pusngoapph lo tlmf Vl'TAIN on boanl, lu llnbvm'a Hay, or nt thu vomillnr hmuo n J, II. WEHE mid CO., Agonis. Melbourne, August Ulli, 185 I. lum IriOR Hiiinbay.-'I hu linn first ula«) ship, 1 PRINCE ARTHUR, - Buthoilnnd, Commander, 1314 tons iiglslori bus finit, rato aooomiiioiliitlou tor passunger) i apply In the Cap. tain on board, or to II, A. SMITH, and CO,, Mnikot I r*r ?roney. EXCURSION by Steam to Sydney and back-Tho GREAT BRITAIN, Steamer, 3600 tons, and 600 horse power, B H Mathews, Commander, with an Improve I «oruw and rig may bo oxpcotod carl) in September from Liver pool, an 1 will proceed to S) liney Thl« magnificent «tcamer will return toMolbonrno about tho lit Octobor, affirdlng an opportunity of visiting Sjdney and Its neighborhood, and making a passago In tlio largest ship In the world ) IllhS First class to Sidney £12 12 i Socon I do do 8 8 Third do do 0 6 i Fir»t class to Sydnoy and back to Mel bonrno 21 0 i Second do do 13 13 i Third do do 10 10 c For plans apply to OCTAVIUS BROWNE & CO , r to BRIGHT, BROTHERS, * CO , 8, Elliabcth »treot 16881 lENINSULAR and Oriental Steam Navigation Company,-Incorporated by Royal Charter -Steam Communication with England, Prance, India, and China -The Com paii) » Screw Steam ship 1ORMOSA, 760 tons h Christian Commander is expected to arrlvo on or about the 10th September with the English Maila, and will ho despatched for Sydnoy twenty four hours aftor her arrival Tho Formosa will return on tho 23rd Septcm bor and aftor a delay of about twonty four hour« will continuo hor voyngo to Singapore (touching at Ado aldo, King Georgo s 8ound, an 1 Batavia ) with tho Mall« for India, China Franco, and Englnn 1 Arrangements havo boen completed for tho Insurance of Oold Dust, Treasure anl Goods covered by open policlos with tim chief Companies In London, by which n caso of loss, tho amount insured will bo paid direct o the Penh suUr ai d Oriental Steam Navigation Company, and li) them handed over to tho partie« cntl tied to receive It For rate« of passage money, freight, and Insurance of treasure to ports in Australia, Java, Chin» India, Franco, or Fngland, anl all1 other Infor matlon connected with the Peninsular und Oriental Steam Navlgition Compin), a|ply to D A HUGHES, Afcont, Offices 69, Collin» »treot, weat Under prosont arrangement«, a Sttam ship of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company may be expected from Slngajwro about tho 10th of ever) alternat« month, to return on tho 23rd of same month 14840 JTEAM to 8)dno) -The «crew «team ship VNTELOPE, 1300 tons burthen, 260 hone powo», Alex P French, Com mander, will leavo Hobson s Bay for Sydney at noon on Wedneeda) tho 24th init Passenger» to ambark at ten o clock, a m , on that day, por »teamer Gyps), from tho Queen s w harf. The rate« of passage aro Main «aloon 13 guinea« Foro saloon 9 do Second cabin 0 do For further particulars apply to WILLIS, MERRY, £ CO , 72, ninden lane, west August 19th, 1863 204CO ^afceSJT T?OR Sydney -F1r»t Ship from the Bsy fSjnïn " -The magnificent first ela«» brig, «?"ilTsT EARL 01 DALHOUSIE, 350ton«, J W Cartwright, Commander, having been uuatoldabl) delayed by the crowded «tate of the whines, will sall from the Bay posltltely next Salurda), the 20th Inst SMALL, Flinders street, west, between Queen and Elisabeth street« August 19th 1853 20266 ST F° N° F° «OR SYDNEY DIRECT-To Sall on Wednesday, tho 24th August-The splendid olippor barque ACACIA, 2-»7 ton«, R S Smith, Commander, Hirers a good oppor litnlty to shlppor» and passenger« For freight or passage, having superior accommodation, apply to Captain SMITH, Agent, on board Consignees by the al ova teasel will please take notice that «ho ii now discharging at the Queen . wharf, at their risk_20273 rOTlCE - Paucngor» for By Ine), per EARL OF DALHOUSIE, are lu formed that the) must be read) to go on board by tho four o clock steamer on Saturda) after noon (¿O'h Inst ) All lialances of passago mone) must be i al 1 by noon to STOCKER at SMALL, Flinders street, west N B Three cabin and nine steerage berths »till \acant August 19th, 1853_30255 »OK S)dno) direct, the A 1 brig JANE _GEARY, 303 ton» register. Is re»d) ?to rccclvo cargo, and is now lying below Raleigh s wharf Good« will be received from where ?he now Ile«, or In tlio Ila) For freight apply to G D GILL, Fultons building«, Hinder» »treet 14794 INE of Packets to Sjdney Direct-The _J Uno A 1 clipper brig THOMAS and .-.HINRI, 320 ton«, II A Nlckion, Com mander, will «all for the abovo port potltlvcly on Thunda) next tho nth inst This rino vessel 1 eing replete with every comfort and convenience, afford» a first-rate opportunit) for Pa« «enders 1 or freight or pa»«ago appl) to DAVID MOORE, Fllndor« lauo_17470 >OI! .Sidney -Tho rlrst-class brig b VRL ._ 01 DALHOUSir, 359 ton« J W ? Cartwright Commander, will leave the Ha) next Wednesday, tho 17th August This fino tcsscl has first rate cabin and steerage accommodations, and will be in tlio Bay, read) to take cargo on Tuesday next STOCKER anl SMALL, riindcrs «treet, between Queen ai d elizabeth street» 13th August, 853 17577 OR S)dn«) Direct -To «all punotinlly on Tue« la) next 33rd August-The lino fast sailing Clipper Schooner JAMES GIBSON, 200 ton« burthen. Dawson, Commander, will sall punctually na abot o Tho accommodation« for Cabin ana Stcerago Passenger» aro of tlio licit des crlptlon; apply to tho Ca|tsln on board or to II ^Llflfl-fJAri^«-«r-M»»li«t «ou«r« .ml gllmtara^tWrf IIRSI % cssol for Sydno) anl Calcutta - The Uno A 1 ship AN\L MARI, Cnj tain Harria will leato Hobsoj ? Bay for S)dnoy and Calcutta direct, on Wedmsda) the 14th August Ibis Uno tostel, bong rcilcto willi tier) comfort an 1 accommodation, alfords a flrat rate o; | ortunlty for botli cal In an 1 stcerago j aascngors i roo edlng to either uf tho above port« lor freight or iissngo npil) to the C \PTAIN on board, or to THOM VS ANDREW, Collins street nest August loth 1861 11561 ^JS/ttST T710R S)dne) Direct-The lino now A 1 JSKJMB-r cllpporharquoJOIINBUtRON Obed «awaiTi. Care), Cominan 1er * lor Irclght or passage apply to I ANCE and PIOOS 'VAN AMSTEL C2 Llttlo Collin« street, west or to tho Captain on board 19688 Fu F l'or trow Zealand. 10R Wellington and New Pi)month - rho (Ino, fast lolling Barquo ELUA, Capt Walker, 107 tons will sall for the aboso jiort, on Monda), 22nd August, «111 collat Twofold Ila),should induoimcnt oirer -Appl) to JOHN GIB DONS, Quocn street 13023 po For Foreign JTorta. I7IOH CVLLAO-lo sill positiv el) tho I? 25th Inst -The 1 Ino Al Hi ig 1 OUI I TUDI, Jiinesnu, (' minimi 1er *.. u |. vessel Is under engluement to sill as nbovc,sho olhrs a first roto oiqiortunlt) to passengers, Ac Api 1) to SW AIN, W Llllia, A. C O , 38, Collins street, otst _18007 7SOR New York Direct-Tho departur ; of the II WARIA for Non York, U. A , has been uiiiivoldali1) dill)ed untl Silurdi) »c\t, tin) -Olli lost, «hen she «111 losltlvel) sill A fe« more cabin and steorngc passengers can bo oc commoluted, If cirl) appllcitlon Is mide Hu aicenmioditlmsof the. Uanrlv uro ver) «upe rior, anti imsiiri lise I bj any vessel In tho Bn) , and hor silllngqiialltlisuriof tho first order Heal) might will bo recoil ed until the 16th Inst, If talton ulongsiilo the ship lil Hobson i Hil Wo shill close our express for the United States and Canada 1) tho abovo vessel on lrldij, loth lust, tit six pm. 1 nckagea of ovcr) description delivered punctual!) In any 1 art of North Vinorli i G dil dust «111 bo refilled mid iiclphid atnur olllco until ton, n in , the 20th Inst, and Insurjnio elficted on ill treasure thus shipped if required Hills on tho United States or 1 upland will I o driwn by us In «nins to suit nt n ronsoii ildo rato ofoxdini go ADAMS A ( O ,0i, Collins streit, wist Allglllt Till. IfSJ_18081 i Iho -Olli August, lor ( illno - ..Im il -rho lllpier 8hlp I ALCOV, 1 liornas la) lor Comnmilir businr just arrived In >.- I i)s, «111 1 o dom itihcd prouii tlv 1 Irst c ii In £10 Minmi eil In (on deck) -0 Stcira-o 15 .llv < CO _ 1 T'Ois COLOMBO Dlrott-Tho hilo A 1 ? llnrqiH, Uti NI, Augustus Collo», ( minimi 1er, «111 sall f ii tho iibovo Port In a fo« dnv », li IS sup rlor not omino I itlon I ir a limited mimi inn c ihln | is'cnrcrs lor fi lf,ht or lissage apply (i (apt du (uliat on loud, i r to I VM1 S Hi M V, II, Little Collins stroit Angus! 11111,1851_111107 fJi-T TJW CAN ION -Iho spion li I A 1, Sao J- cllpiord ullt Hinno III VN1 101 -SSK tons rcgistir, llinmns Illili), C tinimnnilrr «111 sall lor Hit abovo port positively on 1 t |ro\lino loi fielght or pissago uni) to DICIiSON, OIL CHRIS J, uni CO. .0105 For England. -ttssTÄT «TOlt London Dlreol.-Tho first class A 1 SaB»-1- «tsjaXaaa, lona riglsfer, Captain Ciilrncrois, Inning again tiiatlo tho passage in 77 dn)s, ti I II iel m II to Lou don, nilli her iisiml dospatcli, tilth light liel|,'lil, Pas songirs, mid Gold, Wind mid Cold «111 ho taken at current rate«, und Hiipcilnr iiiiiiiiiinoilatlon lia« horn pi m Mid evprissly lui tullin mid Intcrmidliitc paiseugcis, An Iron sinnig loom has been lilli ii on board In London* Intimdlti't shlppir« and passengers ato requested to Intpeit Hu' nlilf «ud lunke early nppllcallon In tlio tkiptiiln, mi hiiird, ni D.l VS. HEN TV, 11, l.ltllo Cul Ibis stroel. 17lli Aug. lill_IOHO« JCi&Ji; li^DU London tilt rat, to »nil earl v In Hop Í$!%>P¡Í I1 tcmlier, tlio now A 1 barque, AMURI) «»»Vtilflli HINE, Hilo tun«, Thoiim« Robertson, Com. munder. This Uno tctoltiUI (uko pitsongers upiintlie must inn lernt« tonus, mu! her nccnnimndatli us being ni a tory snpirim' ileiorlptlon, »ho oller«ndcsliiiblo opiwr. luiilty to peisniis piwcidliig homo, In cnMn, Interino, dliitu, or »I tungi«. Will (iinv nu mperlrmid Sur. gum Purtles anxious lo icruiro heillis «boult! make hiunoilliito application, in only a HmlkH miinlior will bo taheii, to flio Captain 1 0/ Iff WliBTO AKT1I, 111188, * CO,, Morkot-Kjuioro, KIMS ' ,F° pe F G I for «tadmmd. lORLIvarpooL-Ths Great Britain steam ship, 3800 tons, HO horsepower, B R Mathews, Commander This splendid and rcmarkabl) easy ship having undergone several altera- tions and improvements both lu her rig as a sailing vessel and power as a steamer, aa also In the internal arnngements for the convenience of passengers, sug gestcd by the experience attained by her last voyage, was to leave England early In July for Melbourne an 1 Sydney, and will sall from hsneeon her return to Liver pool nbout the 1st Octol er ' Rates or Passage Money -First Cabin or After Saloon, 100 guineas Including Linen Bedding and Pro visions of tha bMlqnallty, except Wines, Spirits and Malt I Iquors which will be supplie 1 on board Second Cabin (Foro Saloon) 60 guineas Including the above Third Cabin, 40 guineas Including provisions but not linen or betiding The accommodation and comfort an Murd this stea morare unequalled, the after saloon, being fitted up with Ladlos Boudoirs Music and Smoking Rooms, Baths ftc For passage and freight of gol 1 an 1 wool apply to OCTAVIU8 BROWNE ft Co, tho wharf or BRIGHT BROTHLR3 ft Co, No 3, Elizabeth street loons I1LAM to England na Cape of Uood ' Hope -Tho well known f ivor|to, swift uteara ship CLhOl'A TUA, ISO] tons, 300 horse powor, Tliomos S Beni, tsq , Cominan 1er, will be despatch? 1 for Liverpool, from Sjdney on t e 24th August, anl Irom Melbonrno on Thursday, the 1st September, cilllng at Adclal le Passengers b) this vessel will he franked from Liverpool to Lon Ion por rill ay For terms of | assage or freight of sr) odo aprl) to R ft P TURNBULL, M rket- strcct 13383 IOR Lon lou direct to sall positively on the 1st September tho splendid frl(,ate bullt ship CHO VRINGIILE, A 1, 13 years, 1200 tons George T Drown, Commander This fine faat-salllng \essol has undi aired accommo- dation for first and sccoi d eil In passengers, and offers a roost eligible opportunity for ] ardes returning home Rate) i pissnge inonoy -Saloon, 86 guineas | second «bin, so/ mid 267, with dietary scales of the most liberal desert) ti in For inspection of plsns, and all further particulars, apply to 01 OIIOV and LISTON YOUNG, Market square, WILLIAM rARTIIING and Co, Flinders! street, and wharf O W MORGAN, 12, Elisabeth street._18488 IOR London Direct-To sall on the 18th September next the now armed, frigate \-- built ship ROXBURGH CASTLE. 1200 tons. Edward Hlght Commander This ship belongs to the dect of Messrs Green, af Blackwall, and having su perior accommodation for passengers, as well as patent treasure rooms, offers an eligible opportunity for ship pcrs of goH- dust fto For further particular», apply at the counting house of J B WERE ft CO ', or, O BROWNE ft CO. Melbourne, 16th June. IMS._8782 'OR London and Cape of Good Hope - The A 1 ship ROXBURGH CASTLE, 1121 tons register, 1800 tons barden, Edward Hlght, Esq , Commander This ship will be despatched on the 16th September for London, and will call at ths Cape of Good Hope to land passengers. lor freight and passage apply at the counting house of J B WERE and CO , or 0 BROWNE and CO August 6th, 1863_13888 LACK Ball Line of Australian Packets -To succeed the Marco Polo For I Ivcrpool, with Passengers, Parcels, and Gold, having bullion safes, the splendid clipper ship INDIAN QUEEN, 1046 tons register, 2000 tons burthen, Christopher Mill, Commander This fine ship is arrived in Hobsons Baj, having mado passage out In 81 days, against most unfavorable weather She will be despatched hence direct for Liverpool, on the 23rd August, inst, and from the proof of her sailing qualities on the passage ont, It Is expected her run home will be one of the shortest upon record The chief cabin and sslonn are fitted up in a st) le of comfort and elegance only equalled by the best line or steamers, with ladles cabin, baths muslo room, etc The house on dock, second cabin, Is arranged In a superior and comfortable manner, and the intermediate is loft), well lighted and ventilated Shippers of Gold, and Passenger*, will lind this flae ship a most eligible conve) ance to England Intending passengers wishing to Inspeet the ship will bo convened on board dally b) the ten oc'ock steamer from Cole s wharf Orders can be had by appl> ing at the office of the undersigned For plans of the cal Ins and rates of passage money, appl) to WILLI3, MbllRY, and CO , 1 Flinders lane west 18877 FOR GLASGOW Direct-The splendid A 1, C1) de built clipper Ship ARGAUM, 470 tons register, Henry Fitxmorrls, Comminder, will sall for the above Port on the 10th proximo lor speed the Argaum has been well kno« n as a crack ship In the Calcutta trade, and her accommodation fir all classes of passengers Is of the tint description. Application for berths is request- ed to be made as carl) as possible For fielght or passage apply to tho Cal tain on hoard, or to DICKSON GILCHRIST, and CO , Quecn-stroet 12th August. 1851_17018 _F1 .».»«.?»).* Hlght E"I t Commander, baa finished discharging, and Is now taking In her homeward cargo Passengers b) the above ship arc requested to secure their berths In time, aa the ship will positively sall on 16th September ROXBURGH ( ASTLE, for London - Boats will be In attendance, at Liar dots Pier, ever) da) from 11 to 1 o clock, for tho convenience of parties who wish to visit the abovo ship, prior to engaging a passage For cards ap- ply to J B WERE ft CO IM»» _*rma -bietend. Jil tcntlon or purtles wTshlng to get their friends at home out to Australia, from ENGLAND, IRELAND, SCOTLAND, ft WALES, With DESPATCH, COMFORT, ft ECONOMY. Is directed to Ute facilities afforded by tha Packet Ships of the ? Black Ball Une, which sall twice a month from Liverpool and London, and which have made the quickest passages to these oolonlos THE LIVERPOOL "BLACK BALL* Line of Australian Packets VFSSKLB TOMS CUTilHS Marco Polo 2800 J A Forbes Indian Queen 2000 Mill Golden Ago 2000 Anderaoa Fl Dorado 1880 W Jackson David M'lvar 1800 K Baillie Collector 1600 A Cranstotf Flora M'Donald 1600 T. Smith Marla 2000 J Gardyn* Lady Bulwer 1800 Tobin Northumberland 1600 J Finlay Fortuna 1600 Robertson Cloopatra 1800 J Chapman And othor first class vessels Th» owner» of the above celebrated Line of Packet Ship» havo made arrangements by which parties In this country can engage passages for Uielr friinda In Etta Lam), lBKUiro, SOOTUUID, arro WILKS, upon paying the amount of passago money to the undersigned, who will grant passago certificates, which secure to the party named then In a free passago. Including provision«, oooklng, medicino, and medical attendance, In any of tliolr ships, whloh sall rogulirl) lalee a month from England, Tor Adelaide, Melbourne, Goolong, and S) li- ney. These splendid ships are all first ela» at Llo)dt, »trongly built, and of first rate sailing qualltle«, unsur passed for comfort and accommodation, and aro com- manded b) ca) to'ns of ability and einerlei!«, who have uniform!) made quick and successful passages; and no exertions shall bo spared on tliolr part, or on that of tho owners, to toouro tho comfort and health of tho pas songera, and to faollltato tliolr embarkation In England Sums of money for remittance to Intending paescu gen by thl« Uno, will bo takm charge of b) tho under signed, who grant droll* upon their agents In Lngland, pa) ohio at sight For furthor particular«, appl) to W1LU3, MERRY and CO, Melbourne; WILLIS, MERRY and CO, Sjdnoy; F BAULR, Goolong. JAMES BAINES and CO , Liverpool, JOHN JA1 FRAY and CO .Loudon 16741 PASSAGES from f nglanil - Llvorpool Eagle Lino of Packets, belonging to Messrs Gibbs, Bright, and Co , sailing ever) month for Australia - Ships Captain« Tons Eagle 1 rancis Bo) co 1066 Falcon Thomas lut lor 1106 Bloomer 1 liornas Allan 887 Condor Win Leighton Bil Albatross Wm Gcvcs 1010 Petrol Thomas Chapman 848 Saínela John Brown M4 Zetland Harrison Broun 1283 And other first class sailing ships Orcat Britain, steamship, 11 It Mathews, 3500 tons. Passages from England can bo secured on pa j mont of the)i,ssngo money to the umltrsigmd, and remit- tances made by drifts on Messrs. dibbs, Url(,ht, und Co, I Ivorpool 1 or particular« »P|ily to BniOIIT, BROTHERS, A CO , No H, I llxabeth strut, Molbourno 10UOO APID CONVEYANCE I ROM INO LAND -The Literpool Line of Packets to Australia-1'irtlcs anxious to sicuro passages for tliolr friends, Irom England, Scotland Wales, and Ireland, aro Informed that on pi)incnt of passago monu) to the imdirslgneil, ho Is authorised to Issuo certificates, ("ranting lo tho person« nnmo I Hierein, freo iiassigis-Including prot Islon» of tlio best qualities, cooking, medicines, and medical nttuulnnci-In an) til tlio comp irtim ut» lu tho splendid vesselsoomposlng this ti eil known III o, which uro dispatched about otori fort night, by Jame« M Wailliow, Chupol-ttriot, Liter pool Tho LU orpool Line was established In 1B48 ; Iii« «lilps aro nil first c1 its, »tLlojil«, vory strongl) built re mm Imbi) I ist sailor«, and commanded bj most expo rlmiii'd i apt lins 1 ho bot«oon decks nre lofty, well lighted and ton« lited, lind ctcr) arrangement I« minio to promote that hi ilth mid comfort io essential to passciigors dur Inp tin vu) ago Varllosulll lind tlmt tho Llvorpool Lino or Packeis la thbJiost dulraine and comiomkal liy tthlcli to make onrogoments fur tho paunLM of friends from homo lor further pnitloulnrs, m ply to AR11IUR L II WAL1IILW.No I, Bunk lane. 1HM18 R' ItTotloe te Conalgrneoa. JK4tJt T-l1110 JANK GEARY. -Notloo.-All JsTmrH«-' -* account) against the Jane Geary, up ?ni'»" to the I6II1 Instant, uro tti ho rondoretl lui mnlliitely, ni »ho lias changed nwnor». 0. D, GILL, Fiillnn'a (Jlinmliors, Hinders »troot, Wharf. 1H0W7 J7l.\ HOHE, - Cnilslgnoii «'anted lor 30 li Inns coils slilppod hy W, N, DoMalto», 1 'mid consigned U orilor, If no1 cliilinod willi lu Hirco dii)s from ttilx iluto »111 ho sold to defray ev penses, .lAMl'.S HliNl'.Y, Agent. August lum, U.vi.___*____ *£K£ f-"t<)Nbl _»W__i V-' London, will (uko notice that the ".j*»»»»' wool «III dUolmrffo C'mgo this ilaynlllio Wharf, near ,tl» Fulls, Unod) not claimed hy four o'clock still ho Storni ut Iho rUljonll expenso of tho Consignees. OlíllMAIN NIOIIOLBON, Agent, cor. uivty Swasttotvnnd Colllni-ttroet» a°3 Wottce to OoDilgneea. WEM EX BORE - Consignees are requested to tain notice that the lighter Brilliant Is now discharging at Raleigh's.wharf. AU giuus remaining on the wharf at four o'clock, p m. will be stored at consignees' oxpense. JAME! WRIGHT. August 19th, 1863._ 30431 «asfAL "XTOTICE to Consign*««, per MERCI A and _H_^_tll MI NALTO.-Tho above vessels having .'«??.?a«««», been entered at tho Cuttom House, con- signee« are requested to pass their cntrle« without delay, and persons holding bill« of lading to order, will please present them at the office of R. Se P. TURN; BULL, Markot.ttrett 20.150 I AI.COM HE CASTLE, from Llverpool. t Consignees of goods will please havo them entered at the Custom House with- out delay, and pay freight to FREDERICK BANKS, 36, Flinders.lane, cast. 19903 SA TOT Baie, rrelgbt, or Cbarter. ST F° TBAMER for Sale. - The Sorow Steam Ship ANN, lying at Sydney, where «he has just arrived from Southamp. ton. This vessel was built of wood at Little- hampton, In 1839, lengthened March, 1861, by Meurs. J. and John White, of Cowes, Isle of Wight and at the same time received new boilers (Lamb and Summer's patent), extended on das« A1 for four yean ; will «tow about 40 ton« of coal« In her bunkers ; con. sumption of coals about 4 cwt. 3 qr. per hour ; ha« a «mall neat cabin and berth«; will carry 100 hoad of cattle and 450 sheep, or will «tow away about 240 ton« measurement goods. Length, 117 feet 3 Inches. Breadth, 13 feet 4 Inches. Length over all, 130 feet Depth, 13 feet 6 Inches. Regltter tonnage, l61 ; grots tonnage, 340. The above vossel «ras, in December lost, fitted with new engines of 60 hors« power, by Summer«, Day, and Baldock ; and the vessel ha» also been surveyed by Her Majesty's Surveyor« for the Board of Trade, and pro- nounced perfect In every respect. »? per Government certificate, which can be inspected by Intending pur. «baser». Application to be made to Captain J. 8. Bpai or HENRY MOORE, Moore'» Wharf, Sydney; i D. A. HUGHES, Melbourne, Office, Queen-ttreet, cor- ner of Collina-street r.B.-Should the Ann not b» disposed of In the mean time by private tale, ah« will be «old by publlo auotlon at Sydney, on the 19th July but Melbourne, 13th July, 1863. «798 FOR Bale, the Danish Brig, OCEAN, Jacob Jcnssen, Commander, 318 ton« register, carries 340 tons, copiwred and copper fattened. Apply to J. B. WERE and CO., Agent«. Mclbonrne, 6th August 1883. 14865 FOR Freight or Charter on dltcharglng her present cargo.-The American -bsrquo THEOXENA, four your» old, 305 ton« register, J. Webster, Commander; apply to the Agents, THOMAS GARDNER * CO., 31 Fllndcr» lane, watt 20438 ÏR Knight or Charter to th _ Maurltlu«-The «plindld A 1 cllpp'cr hullt barque DEANE, 191 ton« reglat-r, Thomas Tlnley, Commander'. Apply to DICKSON, GILCHRIST Jt CO._20210 TO Lightermen, Boatmen, etc.-For Sale, a beautiful yawl-bullt boat, 23} feet long by 6).feet beam, lined, quite new, with oars, «all«, etc., complete. May he «een on board the barr,«*« Deane, at the Wharf. Apply to the Captain onboard. 20217 IOR Sale, by private bargain, the Sophia lighter ; bring« upward« of »Ixty ton« from the Bay, and ha» been making a trip par week these lut three month«. Now lying at the south st « of the Yarra, below th« Fall«. Apply to the owners, on board. 10573 IOR Freight cr Charter, the A 1 Barque RESOLUTION, James Carmichael, Commander, «20 tons register, I« ready to Eroceed to les ; apply to the Commander on board, In lobson's Bay, or at the counting-house of J. B. WERE and CO. Melbourne, 6th August. 1863._14866 "«lyitSSEL for Bal«.-A nrst-clas» British V built Brig, ready for seat will carry HO tons, drawing only 10 feet « Inches. Apply to WER!, WYCHERLEY, A CO., 6, Annand» Chambers._17200 HIP for Bale.-Portuguese Clipper-built ) Barque CASTRO, 330 tons register, carries near 300, only 16 months old, cop per.fsstened, and sheathed with Munta metal-1« fully «applied with stores, and will oom« to the Melbourne wharf with a light cargo. Ha» very roomy »tale-room«, ladies' cabin, «Yo,, and is well adapted for the Colonial trade. Further partlcnlars may be known on application to J. B. WERE * CO., or RICHARD COOPER and SONS 30th July. 1853_7367 IOR Sale, on discharge of laward cargo, the fine schooner DOUGLASS, 100 'tom register. Thl» vettcl Is now In the river, with» full cargo from Cape Town, on a draft of 8 feet 0 Inches. JAMES HENTY, 11, Little Collins street. Ut August, 1863._12366 _AAM. COR Sale, Freight or Charter.-The fine _B_^_| «7 BrUtol-bulltbrlg Favorite,306tonsreglsj «as«a She lajnowly coppivid, carries 360 ton« of general cargo on a draught of 11} feet water; has good cabin accommo- dations and being well found in store«, «Vc., I« ready to proceed on a voyaga as soon as her laward cargo I« discharged. For farther particuars apply to WILLIS, MERRY, and CO._ 18009 IOR Sale, the brig HARMONY, of 140 _ tons regltter, and of'burthen of 340 bin* willi nine feet draught of water, when * - ? v«ss»l wa« built»t Aberdeen, of Fu S" po F° huduchargrd part of her cargo In oxcollont orsltr at Geelong, and la now expected at the wharf here wIUi remalntler. For further particulars, apply to Melin. DUNBAR, TWEED!)ALK and CO., Geolong; or to WILLIAM F OR Sale, Freight, or Charter. - The _ woll - known Liverpool - built brig RICHARD, William White, Matter, 298 ton« register, »nil coppered, will carry 450 tons, draws when loaded 15J feet. Hail a thorough overhaul, new top «Ide« aad deck« about two yean aluce under Lloyd'« Inspection, and obtained tholr certificate. Provisions on board for six months, and ready to pro ceed io sea without any further expense. Thl« vessel Is well suited for a «toro «hip, and can be let for a term. rApply to FREDERICK BANKS, 36 Fllnden-lanc, cast, or to tlio Captain on board, off Williamstown. 17944 Fc Oit Sale, tho Uno clipper lurquo, IGNIS FATUOS, 174 tons, now measurement, . built In the River Thames in October last, and classed A 1 for oleven years. Sho combines largo carrying capacity with fast sailing qualltlc). A pply to DALGETY, GORE, and CO., Great Bourkc-street August 16th. 18844 *"Tim civil OOUi:, OILMAN, and CO. havo on . Salt', nt their offices, a first rato Clyde built clipper brig, 200 tons, suited for ooastlng or Intercolonial trade. 71, Flinders lino, west. 18333 Fc lOlt Sale, the beautiful Cl)de.hullt clipper schoonor JAMES PAXTON, 71 tons, 120 burthen, admirably suited for a lighter. Apply to DICKSON, GILCHRIST,ft CO., Quean street. 14389 pc IOR S.1I0 by Private Coutnct- The fine Hrlttsh-bitllt brig, EARL OF DAL- HOUSIE, 223 tons register. This substan. tlal vessol waa thoroughly overhauled nnd coopered In the C1) de, ln8cptombor, 1851, under the Inspection of Lloyd's agent who restored lier for 4 years, as por cor. tlflcates In tho hands of tho owners. Sho cm carry upwards of 400 tons cargo, and bring the greater por- tion to tho Wharf, «boro sho «III bo In n day or two. Sho is particularly well adapted for tho Now Zealand trade, and being woll found In stores, can bo despatched at a day's notice. Apply to COFFEY, HILL and Co., Produce Stores, opposite Cole and Ralclgti's-wltarvcs _7387 _H1I'S fir Sale - Prussian borqno W11, 5 HELMiNE, 400 tons register, will cirry S«o tons, Ililtlsh built, coppered ami copper fastened, Is woll lound In all storis, and reid for sea. Has on board 303 tons No»ca»tlo Coal for sale, «tth or « ithout tho v cssel, ENGLISH Brig THOMAS WORTHINGTON 20.1 tons register,carries 300 tons, Al at l.lovds, hull, African oak, coppered nnd coppt r iasteinil. Is «eil nt found In all stores, and read) f ir sei. I or further par- ticulars, apply at tho counting-house of the undi rtlgnod. -J. 11. WERE mid CO , lu, 1 llndirs lane, east. July 20,1»S3. _7500 FOR Bale, the barque (li OIIOE, 258 tons, no» lvlng In Hobsons Ha). This Ship la »ill foiin 1, and can bo sent to sei without any oxpcuso bealdo provisions. Having a bo« port alto is particularly adapted for tho Ntvv ¿ca laid trade Terms Ilbornl. Apply lo JAMES HI N1Y, 11, Little Collins street_61" XJBT 1710K Mule, tlio lino last sailing A 1 Brig tWS» it AN NE, 2IW tims regl »tir, ? iq perul lind «-irnfW copper fastened, mid is read) for sei nfn r dliihorgliig her linuird cargo at tho Qiioonj nlinrl. Ibis Uno vessel lins boin emploi«! In tho Adelnldo trodo tor tin last t«o s ears For torn« mid further pnrllcuhirs npi ly to C iptnln Cloed, on board the Norn, Qielong, or to JOHN OIBBONS, Queen street OV1KNOR WYNYARD STEAMER _ -Vor sale li) prlvato contract t appl) -_ to (ho Ciptiln on board, or to J. » PiVltKLII, Great Honrltcslrcct ?""'" ¡^Srr" riöiTsiiit. mo splendid '"A1,'?"";1',11?, MMgar wlik built solioomr NOR V, A l, t «221 j cars, J>i an old, loo tons register, I milt for and un 1er the Inspection of the ¡rese'd ti« nor. Ibis vi Mil lui «tor« ol over) disoilpilon for a t rio ) ears v O) agi, and lit ft re Icnv lug London (twrIio I J ¡Into), «a» nc»ly copiiend, imilor Hu' ln«"<>' °" < l.lo) it s Siirvc) oís, anil I» In ever) lespect li superlni ortlir ("nulls J50tnus ntOfecl «otir, lind ) '»" « J; oharglng In nargon) the Inner «hart, (li elim« iyr partit ulan. ,.| pit (o Í n| lain OLOID, oilJira» . "J > (II UM VIN1 NICHOLSON, o II nor of Hwan)ton nnd Collins streets , ,. " , .". ,r!nr N II -lilla H vsltlimit qiioitltm tlio finest enf I mr »Ixe ev rolluicdfor «alo lu those colonlni pirti" ,u qulilng sutil II vtvsel »ould do «eil lo nppl) «V <>T . :."10R H Mil, tho lut s ililli« »oh« nor Mr/*-** «.' AflNI S.of Olaigow, Al lu ro«l l.o «BefH*t"n,Ar^!.tir. lol.» "llaltunUell, Mistir, no« dbeTirgliig cirgu at Goolong 1 hi «tes»oWM lullt In Greenoak, olthour) bott mutt rial», an I ti is Mioiih coi | ore 1 on 1 thorough!) tivorhnulcl , «wn» w hor Wing (llisgou, nu I his brouhlit « ««¡if V r " IhonoiiofjiOtiiis.oulOfootiifwatir Hho will lirln«, 180 ton» to Uio Quoin« wharton »Retwat r For ftirtlicrpirtlouliirs, nully ut Goolong, t« Iho uni tain on boirl, cr to moth OOILVH mil In Molloimii, to rho Uwuurs, BROWN O HA LLORAN and 00, 17, i'lliiueri lane» orto WM, LAWItANOK, M. Col. Um »treet. *m Fc pe r«ratsl«,rrels;bt, «r .TJbswter. 1REIQHT for Geelong - The STAN HOPE, schooner, will take freight .from Melbourne, or front tho shipping In the Hay, at 30s per ton and will havo Immediate despatch THORNE, BP VRKS and CO , Agents, 01 I linders lane, west August 17th, 1853 19109 IOR Sale, the well known colonial built brig SWAN, will bring a lull cargo i f assorted goods to tho wharf ns a lighter at tho present p.'ices she will be Invaluable, and can be aeon at tho Queen t-wharf For further particulars and Information apply to STOCK Kit mid SMALL, Flinders street, between Queen and Elizabeth street» 19933 IOR 8 ila by private contrnot, tho splendid yachthullt brig GRECtAN QUEEN, .203 ton«new inoaauromont longth, »7 foot, breadth, 22 foot, dopth, 14 feet This vcstol, «o grent a favorito In the Mediterranean trade, wa« built fur tho present owner« by Whlto, of Cowc», a «uffiolent gutrantco for superiority Before leaving London In March last «ho was tlioroughly repaire 1 and recopporcd under tho Inspcotlon of Lloyd « aurvoyors, and has row four ) ears to run on the first clnss, Al Is nbundantl) found In stores, and fit to proc ed without outlay to any i nrt of tho world Can now bo Inspected In the BJ) , or in a few da) s at the wharf, whore «ho will di« charge a considerable part of her cargo Such an op portunlt) for securing creditable shipping property »9ldo n presenta Itself For further particulars apply to fnptnln GIBBS, on board, or, to GERMAIN NICHOLSON, corner ofSwanston and Collins streets _ 19835 IOR Sale by private contrnot, the brig CLAR1 NDON -Tho well known tgTlTi and substnnUally traill brig Clnrendon 168 ton« rcgl.ter, with tackling completo at present omplo)ed In lightering goods from Hobson a Ila), f r which trade she Is well adapted, being capable of cor rylng a freight of £600, according to prcsont rate« She Is no» 1) Ing near the Old Custom Houso Shed, whore Intending purchasers aro InvlUd to lispect her For further pirtloulan as to price, 4c, aipl) to SYMONS A PERRY,Commercial Sales Room, Bourke «treet _1S262 IOR Sale, the lighter SOPHIA, 42 ton« register, can bring up to th« wharf 'when fully laden upwards of 120 lons mea» uremont good«, well found In anchors, chain« etc can go to sea opon a few houn notlco For lull particulars apply to BARI OOT and GILLBEE, Queen street or THOMAS MILLER, 3, Orr« bulldlrg, Flindors lane, weit August 17th, 1853. 192s8 pc pc asUseellsuaeetu. gT gT STORAGE In Hobton's Bay -The Ship SOUTH SEA is now ready to receive Good« on rent, arrangement» for which can be mode with WILLIS, MERRY, and CO, 12, Flin der« lane, west July 3,1813. 16226 STORAGE AT THE BAY-The Blore .hip, Europe I» now ready to receive .Good» For particular», apply to GRAHAM, LAMR, and CO, 02 Little Colllns-afreet, east, or« to GEORGE BURRELL, and CO, Williamstown. _13188 ÄQTORE BH1P IN HOBSONS BAY - Ö The CLARA SYMES I« now ready to receive good« in «tore. Apply on board, or to BROADFOOT, BONAR, A CO , 1, Flindcra-lane. _. 8784 ÄCJTORE Ship in Hobson . Bay -Tho un k3 derslgned are prepared to let b) the month or other period, the ship SOUTH SEA She I« coppered and corner fastened, and ia capable of stowing 1600 to 3000 tons of goods. Being In every respect well found, «he offen the best accommo dation for goods requiring to be careful!) stored. Appl) to WILLIS MERRY ana CO- 73, Flindors Inn«, west_18257 TsVTOTICE -Immigrant »hip, LADY li KENNAWAY-TI» Immigrants by the above vctsel have been landed, and will be open for engagement In the depot, «dil» day, as foi low« - The married couple« and «Ingle men st ten a.m The «Ingle women at eleven a.m No ponon will be admitted to the singlo female»' depot to hire servants, without an order which can bo obtained on penonal application at thl« office, during the usual houn of business EDWAID GRIMES, Immigration Agent Immigration Offlco, Melbourne, 18th Angnst 1853_20608 [MALL Vessel Wanted -Wanted, a Fore and Aft Schooner, cutter or dandy rigged, from 30 to 10 ton« good lea boat and «attable for our coaxUng trade outside the Heads. She will be required to be In good order, and ready or tea at a trilling exponte Particular» to be furnlahed In writing, to Meurs. J B. WEBB A CO, Melbourne. loth Jan«, 1863._10319 JOTICË -AU partie« having claim« against the brig OCEAN, or Capt Dunbar, will please furnish them. In dupll cato, on or before the 32nd Instant BROWNS, O HALLORAN, A CO , 114, Lonsdale «treet, west SN N° 19720 IHIPPERS of Gold per Indian Queen - *J The uudenigned are prepared to weigh \--- gold for this vessel Captain Mill will bo In attendance dally until tho 22nd Inst, which 1« tho latest date for weighing. WILLIS, MERRY, A CO s* 17618 rflHE QUEEN OF THE NETHER . J. LANDS -Thl» Steamer, on her ro ? turn trip from Launceston, will take free cargo, and deliver at Gcoleng KIDSTON, HARVEY and CO , Agents, Collin« street, wost 12410 1> -Stone, sand, and ela) ballMtVupplIoil, anl despatch ensured 8. CRAVEN, 1, Victoria Commercial Chambers, 38,Flindors lana, west .Augnst 1Mb, 1863_18600 WANTED to purchase, a Vessel from 600 to 1000 ton» read) to i rocced to »ea Appl) to J B WERE A CO Wanted. N experienced Book keepor wishes a pormanont .j. ». «Ituatlon In a mercantile house, salary J.380 Ro terence« glvon A letter 11 lrcs»e 1 1 U , office of this laper, will receite Immediate attention 18970 A B LMEltlCVN llugg) Wanto!, appl) to P M'Kucn, 105 I Under« street_19011 ANK 01 AUSTRAL\8I V.-Inooriioratcd b) .a> Royal Charter -Thero being tacando« In this Bank for officient Clerks, application« In writing only, encloilng testimonials, will bo received until Wednesda) next the 31th Inst -Security for Ildollty required - D C M AUTHUR, Manager._19790 BOTTL1 S- \\\ant d two thousand doxen Wine nottlcs, highest price given, appl) at tho Vio torla M Ino and bilrlt Depot, 2JI, and 235, Swan.ton street, north. BRICKMAKER Wanted.—An experienced hand ; y> aipl) ti Win lines Mrs Procter» three doon from tho itudlt Arm«, ti oltlnirton street, Collingwood BltlCKMAkCIH Wanted, to work by the thou, sand ; ground f ir n tent t wood and wator handy , apply to Ch imbers ami Bourne, Fllnders-strcct _20241 CAHI.NT.T-MAKEIt Wanted-A Cabinet maker hoar of employment by applying to C A. Ross and Co , Queen's »barf. 20577 COLONIAL Roform Association. - Secretary Wiintid.-Wauled, n Gentloman to net a» Booro, fury to tho abovo Association. He must be «eil ac qualntod «Ithtlio past history of the Colony, and Its present requirements, and ablo to glvo occasional lec- tures on the lending qui st lons of tho day. He will also bo required to conduct tho correspondence and routlno business of tho Society. Present salary, 2801. per annum, AU applications, » Ith testimonials, references, *c, to bo addressed to tho Committee of tho Colonial Roform Association, Melbourne, on or boforo Saturdiy, Uio 30th lint. _0582 FREE Pasiago to Van Diomen's Land.-Mechnnlca, Farming Men, Workmen, Mnlo and Female House Servants (married or single), and servants of all classes, »ho aro willing to proceed to Van Dlomon's Land, and ongngo with rcipcctablo oniploycrs, may obtain a free na-ngr to that colony, hy »pplv lug to HENRY DOW- NER, V. I). L. Emigration Oflloo, Wharf. Melbourne, May 20. 14112 CNROl'EHS and btorilicopers.-Wanted by an ox T pel lent ed )oung man, a situation i reforonies Slim Ii nqnlrril I npply to F lt., nt Mr. Young's, torelicepcr, Hriinsiilck strict, near Brunswick lintel, Collingwood._20170 I AW.- Evening cinplo) mont is wanted hy n young J linn to Engross Doedst hi) had four year) oxpi. rlouio lu England, and »lx months In till» lolon) , Bcrlbi, t nico of Hi's paper._101135 ILLH'IONLS Wanted.-Two pair) Stones, about four foot dlnmotor; apply K.M., Arçui ooloo, Gie long_Mill 1)ORTLAND Cement Wantcil -A qunntlt) of Port lund Cement Wanted. Arthur Millar, brokor, Lloyd's Exchange,_6248 ÍÑGLF, gentlemen or lady nquiring Hoard anti I Medical udvlcn, »Ith medlolncs, may euler Into | favorable tonus »lill aHurgeoiu apply nt Mr Leson's iiottiigo, close tothe Fulleo Station, Windsor. 11-013 UUVnVOltH-Wiiiitodto piirdnso a Theoilollto| i apply, showing tlio lnstruiutiit, nt Mr, linns Land miloo, ,15, Swanston.street 10022 rpw'O young men uro open fur an engagement or X. contrait Mi 1 meiner, Splitting Wood, or Grubbing I 1rors¡ dlreil lo Ml. Broun, 150, Klng-strcct, Mol bourne, I'lOBO 1 mo Capitalist)-Wiiiitid, n« ii I'nilnei, In' i JL iilnl'llshed Imslno a in Molbourno, a pe 1 with £11110, iitquilnti 1 »lib Ihn ruiillni or lumlnois. Ilifiriiius liven nut required i ml lies) J (', oillno of ' this pjpir _ 211183 II mi iistiiiueil ti lim liuiliieis, IIIL ?ige lui Hinlilng In Hunos, apply at Mi, Convia} » I.lviry HluMus, I llinlus lune 2)111 mi) Job Mnstir«, llnrso deshtrs, A o - A highly rp. JL spettnlilo perlón, Just arrived Irotn England*«ho lina boen u\li nslv ely ongnftod lu (ho nhnvo biiilhtu7nnd llmriiuplili undiMt.indi tlio but ling mid Induing of limn», wishes to nlitiiln n tlliiatltn ns Mnniigliig As tin, ni ni any com em In the »hovo lino In Melbourne or Um li "«. AID mm lu svaiilofiiudui poison «III lind tlio mli(>itlknr nn lui limbla assistant. Addre») to 0, H. G , Mr, P. Vii tue a, l'ost Ollloo, Osir(nnio-»tre logwood ' I80" «Tante«. TO Brickmakers-two or three good hand«, with or without ration«, apply to Charl«« James Watts, at Mr W B Hatch», No 12, Colllns-itreet 20081 TO Carters -Wanted, a man to dritte a hors« and cart; apply to Wra. Dalslel, Napier-street Col llngwood U967 IO Captain« and Other» -Wanted American Elm j apply at tho Pott Offlco, Williamstown 18866 «upcrlntci 1 and carry on tho erection of a Bul! Ung In Melbourne, oatt, apply to Mr Lawson 61, Spring street 2062Í WAN TED -Several thousand pounds oan I o tno«t adnntagcously Invested In Clt) and Suburban Securltlos In varions sums at tho highest current Interest apply to X Y 7 , b) letter ad Irosacd to tho offlco of thl. piper 19322 WANTLD Immediately a compact Steam Engine, willi ne» boiler« complote of irom fifteen to twenty horse power api ly to Moore, Gilman and Co , merchants, 71, Flin Urs laño, west 18334 WANTFD to Borrow, for throo or five yean tho sum of Two Thousand I Ivo Hundred to Three Thousand Pounds, on undoubted Leasehold security, at 20 per cent i«r annum, appl) to Mr Wa Green, Lan I Agent 29 Groit Bourke street cut 11969 WAN 11 D, by a young man of colonial experience, a sltuatlrn either in tho drapery or grocery trade conntr) «toro preforrcd references satisfac- tory address lames, otllco of this paper 19713 WANT1 D, an aotivo )oung man, accustomed to tho grocer) bualness apply, M K , Wellington Store Wellington street, Collingwood 19670 WA WAN TED a steady Driver, with a character Bol ton and Chambón, Bonvorlo street, North Mel bourne 19768 w ANTED a Junior Assistant for the Drapery ; personall) to D G Clarke, Queen «treet . 20693 WANTED, Shingling, Mooring, or Weather Boarding, to do by day or contract, by two old hand« address, 6 C, office of this paper 20261 WANTED, a respectable young woman a« Nurse maid The family are returning to England In a few month«, apply at 131 Collin« «treet, cast 20277 WANTLD, an Allotment of Land, In a good »Una tlon in Collingwood, Richmond, or North Mel- bourne, not less tlun «8 feet frontage Roxburgh, Watson, A Co, Lonsdale «treet, over Benn a Store« _20384 WANTED by a young man, a «ItnaUon to Drive a Hone and Dra), or a Light Cart, apply at]16t, Elizabeth street, north 30565 WA w ANTED, Plasterers ; apply at Campbell . Sion, In Collin« «treet east, near Elizabeth -atrect 20558 WANTED, Premises suitable for an Ironfoundry or a Plot of Ground on building lease ; any person having such property for offer, will please for- ward particulars to Founder, office of this paper. 20224 WANTED Work for a one-horse Dray ; address G. W., office of this paper. 20504 WAN TED a Mau accustomed to the Bush, capable of breaking in 50 Colts For particulars, api ly to Purcoll . Repository, Lonsdale «treet 20409 WANTED, 1 y a gentleman, Board and Residence In a prltatefanill) in the vicinity of Melbourne address M M , office of tilla paper 20357 w AMLD, Employment for «ix «trong Hone«, addres« 4 C, office of thl« paper 20226 WANTED b) a Carpenter, an engagement by the Job or day, labor oui) He I« acquainted with tin roofing, address H «Aalter, 107, Bteihen street 30192 WANTED to Rent or Purchase, on reasonable terms, an allotment of Ground, fronting the Sandridge road, anywhere between Ban lrldgc, and Prince« bridge, address Thomas, office of tills paper 30193 WANTED by a young man of lint rat« educa tlon, a situation aa Tutor in a gentleman . family, term» moderate, apply for 6 B , office of thl« paper 20161 w ANTED, to Rant a 1 arm of 100 or 300 acre« v v excluilve of a good grau paddock, wIUi fair improvement» (viz) hou«e, f»rm, huts for «orvant», J Ao , for the term of two or three years with right to , purchase at the end of that porlod, appl) to Mr Winter, Land Office, Collin« street, opposite Australasian Bank. _20195 { WANTED a situation as Barman or Walter, by an experienced hand ; address 6 B, office of this paper _20196 WANTED, 1000 to 16001b« nsw Nonpareil Type all from the sam« font, address Edward Wilton, Argo« Office._IMP ANTED to Purchase, a cargo of Coal» lu the Bay ; apply to W L Lees and Co.; by letter «bating prlce.Ac »»?». WANTED, In the Bay, a Cargo of Comían)'s Newcastle Coal ; apply to Geo, A. Mourltt, 16, King street 8080 w ANTED, Land Surveyors for the Government. Apply tothe Surveyor-General, ANTED, a first-class Vessel, of 200 to 280 tons, for Mauritius and back to this port i apply to J. B. Were and Co. 17832 w agreed on, a grass paddock, situate near the Dandcnong.rosd, and within live miles of town. It would bo preferred If with a right of purohaso for a part iqion vihlch improvements «ould be mado ; apply, stating particulars, to David Ogllvy, Esq , solicitor, Queen street 16704 WANTED, a Married Couple-tho man as gardener, and tho woman to wash; apply to Mr. Wade, 30, Swanston street 17270 WANTED, a Precoutor for St John's Presbyterian Churoh, Collingwood, apply to tho Rev. Thomas Heron, Annaville Cottage, Ortat Brunswick-street thno doors below Gertrude-street or to Mr. Stirling, opposite. Captain Dane's, Smith street. Collingwood. WANTED, by a >oung man of business habits, who has been in the trade, a sllustlon cither In a wholesale or retail drapery warehouse. Address, '/.. V , offloo of this paper._18716 WANTED, stone or brick Losdlng for a strong and powerful Horse, address 3 B, olllco of this pap-r 20014 WANTED, a man of colonial oxperlonce who tho. roughly understands Gardening, rémunéra- tion, a share in tho profits arising from tho produce of a lint.rato orchard and vegetable garden ; apply to Dal Campbell and Co, 34, Collins-street. 2QU76 srjrrANTLD by a young man of rospcctablo connie V V lions, a situation aa Clerk In n wholesale ware homo) apply to Z /., offloo of this piper. 18822 Mlaatnsr Friend«. ANDREW GREEVES.-If this should meet tho eye of Andre« Grooves, ho »111 obligo lils sister by »ending his address to hor husband, Mr. W lltlmn Inglis, Post Oflleo, Prahran. 16233 ABKRFOiLE - If Campbell Cameron, lito of Glasgow, who arrived hero with tho above vosscl, »III «rito or call on Messrs A. . mustio and Co, Storekeepers, Bl'Ivor, bo «111 kenr of lils brothers John and William. 10250 BRIO, RICHARD, from Pcrnambuco_-Mr. iW. II. Power, passenger per tlio above brig! also lils frlondMr. llrth Noodlnm, will ] lease »end their nil. dross to tho undorslgncd-Janies Wood, Saddltr, Goo. long. 18530 BARQUE SWAN.- Iho pirty advertising for Mr 8 mobarn, In Tucsdi)'« Amiis, can lomiuunl cato with him li) addressing to Bim Bill Store, Prah um. ¿0306 BO»TON, Llniolnslilre - Giorgo A. May-) our brother John «111 bo glotl to correspond »libsou Address, l'ust Ofllio, Prahran. Your loiters lins o not readied homo. 10012 CITY ol Lincoln -Should Hil) meet tlio cv o o' Joseph C-II ho is rcqucsttd to fetch lils box from II. 'ihonuiss. 20458 CAMPBELL JOHN, Mills Michael.-Any pirtlcs who have loiters for tho above or who ma) have iccclvcd the same by mistake, pleno lino nt Mr, 1 homis Lewis's, 01 Ellrsbith street 201 X1 C1A1I1EIIINE MITCHELL.-Divlil Morrlto and J Morgan Jones nro requosled to for« arti their ad- dress to their uouiln, Geoigo Evans, 135, Great Lons dale-strict, cast 16781 CL DUNDFi;.-If John Hutton would call or sond noto to Dole and Oswald's,95, Wharf, ko will hear of his Mother Jamis, jicr burquo Scottish Maid. _1816Q EMSW'OIl'l II.-If I". H. Tatihol!, from ti« nbote lillico, Is still In Victoria, ho »111 do wall to call nt Bilka'« Loudon Chop House, Snainton street. 8197 GUAN 1 .-Mr. .lames Grant (supposed lo bo at tho Diggings) Is requested to call upon Mr, William Sprt-, near tho Young Queon Public Mouse, and bring with lilm tho deed of cotivoynnoo relating to land at Morrl Cieck, _ 20129 (^ ASHTON.-If tho person to whom a lotter, T» bearing tlio foregoing llamo, willoh w»»adter. tlted In the list of iinolnlmed letter« for .lune, mid has slneo been delivered, finds it doos not belong lo bim, he »111 greatly obligo by forwarding It 'o Uio AIIAbn Hotel, Williamstown,_»K1 ENID II, SlIliPl'AUD, of Exmouth.-} our uni lo Is anxious to know »hero you aro, and has been walting tor ntl answorto lils ndiorlliomoiili direct Pus' Onloo, Bendigo _I?.'1"' HIlli:RNIA,--l)atld l'uni, flinn Uphill, Hrnthind tirlta to ,1, Hastio, 183, Little Cullins sin 11, »nd you will hoar ol U 1 ord._li!"in_ AN|)L1:V RA I HURST SI URADALE, II" In this oniony, Is riqnestcil to onimnnnlcito with tho mulei signed, h> iihoin also any Information io guttling him would bo lliankftill) icodiod Win llainuiTll nniLCi) 1(1118 0UA0I1 liUILU ma) luaroi lils brother Charlo« a.a hy foiwarillng a unto omit lining lils address to 1\ Eagleton, MoI'M W. lind II Little'«, droll Collin »trcot.Mi'lbonrno. 20MII W IT this incuts tho pyo ot Goorgo Hi wy, Win Thom», sou, or Chas, Casborn, they «111 hear of thi«lr friends llolfo mid Orovo, by ftiklrj'sslng a letter to tho Post Office, Fotest Creek. »240 ?H-lastr rriansU. IF John Dawson, of Rldgmount near Woburn. Bed fordshlre, who advertised In April lut for hu brother, George Dawson, would forward either h atldress or call at the Young Queen, Pentridge, he «¡m either hoar from or see me. 17)4» IF this should meet the eye of Sally Moylan, of Tenta! County Clare, she Is requested to write to MM-Lf Heffernan._ 1H« IF Mr. John M'Kenxlo, from Kinghorn. ScotL-T wishes to see William Gibson, he can, by ooah» to the Long Gully, Bendigo, opposite Meurs, ftösm and Co's store | or by writing, ho will hear from hiss». _ xim Iff mi. .hnuM ,"..i ».. ... "c s.-- "nirliBsjn* Glasgow,.his friend Thomu M'Alley wSsTss hear from hlni) address Spring Creek, Oven) Dlg¡tat? ' _IM») IF this should meet tho oyo of Mrs. Mnry Ann Amor" who carno la the ship Conlllus», to Geelong iiiï will hear from her brother William by anDlvin» in Mr. Andrew Sproul's, Emerald-lilll, west, near »h» brick house. »Iii IF this should moot the eye of John Halley WIISOSL plcaso address a line to mo at the Post Oflee J. C. Ralo._ . lín ' IF Mr. Ereklcl Lock, late ofBarton-Bcndlct NorMk. will communicate «1th Mr. Henry Barrow, fjass paspe Inn, he will hear of his father who has arrived» Now Zealand, and has requested Mr. Barrow to asia inquiries about his son. 1368) IF this should meet the eye or John Poole Roberts, a» « 111 hear of his cousin, John G, Caerona, by wrltus) to the care of Mrs. T. Wood, Little Lonsdali-striit. *<-<._18448 IF this shonld moot the eye of Mr. 8. Dtwbarn, ltte from Liverpool, in the shlpHlbernls, he Is remitted to call on board of the barque Swan. 188ia JOHN WEBSTER, supposed to'have arrived, in Melbourne some time ago, by the Marchioness of Douro, I) requested to communicate with his brother Malcolm, now In Nelion, Now Zcaisnd, Ititi. JOHN RITCHIE C-S.-If said gentlssasa address 6 A, office of this paper, ho will hear from his brother Robert, lately arrived from Ireland.. _16616 AMES BENNETT-yon are requested to tall ti the omeo of Westgarth, Hess, and Co. 364*3 . n Andersonwui oeiatty «J to soo any shipmates at his boarding etUbllskaMtL the large white house opposite Chiiholra't Tent), sassr M TAMES CARBON.-William Anderson wUI tie kan v -* '-.'.'-.* *-?- *-"-Ubllsktmt, the corner of Llttlo Bour'h'c-strect, west *b*4 JOHN MATHER and Sisters, lately arrived frai Scotland, are desirous of finding thair brtthm Andrew, Robert, and Thomas Mather. Address, Mr, Matthcson, Rose, Thistle, and Shamrock HotelJBlIt. abeth- street Melbourne. 2*38* JOHN PENY, late Salesman, of Newgato-markst, London. Should any ono have received letters for the above In mistake, they will piesse direct at abosa, Post OIHco, Prahran._Htm JAMES REID, from Rhynie, Aberdeenshlrs, «_i csmo out with the ship Ida, from Liverpool, will he dof lils brother Thomas, by calling at 13 aid If. Flalrners.strcet, east._16878 MR. LAWRENCE CI1UI1U, of Camb*rw»ll,-)f ' you call and seo Mr. Courtney at the Wsslñt» Immigrants' Home, you will hoar of your cousin, Ts». pin, from Africa._I71W MARGATE, Kent-If this should meet the ey» a. Mr. William Wootton, he will find hUJrÄs. n board the Spencer._1*868 ARY HANNAH WILLIAMS, who arrival nt James L. Bogart, may her of her brother TatsïaS Samuel, by addressing T. S, Williams, Messrs. «tasan aad Harper's, Storekeepers. Fryer's Creek. 11411 MR. JOHN MACDOUGALL, late of Hobart Tm, supposed to be residing now sear the jsaeUoasf the Loddon and Fryer's Creek, Is requested to eosatja nicate with Mr. Brodribb, solicitor, 46, EJIuhsrth- tJrttt, without delay._166*1 R. SAMUEL KEMP RICHARDS-yoar «Ut Georgiana Richards, from Gosport and tall* have arrived In Melbourne. Call on Mr. Hyde, Latir In-Vain Hotel, Brunswlck-stnet Collingwood, for ti. dress,-Georgiana Richards._166H ' B. or MISS BECK, from Camberwell, patwtgjrl by the Sir Henry Hardinge, will oblige hy**. warding their address, together with any letsstt, lo Edmund Eaton, Post Offlce, Spring Creek, Ovens. mai R. RICHARD ROLLS, Ute of Wapplng, inst arrived In this colony three years and a bait since, by communicating with Mr. Jas. Deans, ana ra. siding at Williamstown, will hear of sosMtrdtf greatly to his advantage _ 10*66 R. NIOBY, formerly of Brunswick, or Melbonrat, , will oblige by forwarding his present addrtss It Mr. Edward Sayce, care of Mr. JosephSsyes, 3, Coll la 4 ttreetMolbonrn«._t«H*_ R8. CATHARINE BAWDEN, of Helston», Co» wall, may hear of her husband. John Bawden,» enquiring at the Port Phillip Boarding-house,LRUs Colllns-strwt. west_'6868 MORRISON.-Should Uils be read by Georgs-«, rlson, of Craven-street Strand, Loados, or hit coasln Charles, they will hear of relatives by aaplvtsg at 81, Stephen-street, Melbourne._. 176J6_ rR. RICHARD ROLLS, of Wsnsdns>-(»mm-¡¡. ......-,...«.- i---a*, W11. concerns you. _ *'**' li. NICHOLAS BRADY, carr^tes^lfj";«all MR. RICHARD ROLLS, of Wapidn«>-(»mm-¡;. cate immediately with Mr. James Danas, W11, llamstown, aa he has usws from England which deeply concerns you. MR. NICHOLAS BRADY, e»'lTt»*ír«fJK"_. on th. undersigned you w11 hear of iMtOdsy to your advantage.-T. Robinson, lit, Elis-t-tsttM«, NOTTINGHAM,-Edmond Tomlin, aJ*»phar*. to employment about 10» »alles from MelMaMH requested to Immediately eesnmnnleatt with Mjasn. Little and Co., auctioneers, Malbourn». 101*1 RIP VAN WlNsVLe..-«r.«iiuiwngbty atMt. George Beeby will oblige John Jones by «ending their address to Mr» Lee's, 22 Llttlo Lonsdale.stress, sr ' to Uie/frni/if office._18836 , SHIP RIP VAN WINKLE.-James Kelly Digby, Esq., a first-class passenger by tho above vessel It hereby Informell that letters have arrived for him frota his mother. Any ponton, or persons, who would |t«t the undersigned any Information al to hi) whereabeni «ould greatly oblige. Mr. Digby left Melbourne la Jnnuary last for Bendigo, In company with Mr. Atkin- son, a fellow-passcngcr. JOHN JORDAN, Rainbow Hotel._18486 V HOULD this meet the eye of James Kerr or David Vallance, from Cumock, Ayrshire, they will find thoir brother William, by addressing, care of John Bade, Cowle'« Creek, Geelong. 6663 HOULD this meet tho eye of Wm. Miller, tata of Lower Canada, per ship Revenue, he will hear ol James Miller, by writing to him, addressed Port Office, Bendigo. ***" SHIP TanUvy, from Liverpool.-If this «hould _ tlio eye« of Messn. Nelson and Gardner, fro» Lsurel Hill, Stirling, Scotland, they will pleat« to de - liver the parcel entrusted to their care to Jame» Or» am. E«q., Melbourne._ 13161 SAMUEL YOXALL, or any or lils brother»,«rill hear of Robert Yoxnll, hy applying personally,«)« by letter to Mr. C, L. Nicholson, Seymour, aosuMrl Hiver._1M6I SHOULD thl« mret tho eyo nf W. E. Reeve, Itwoald boa great relief to tlio mindi of hi« mother sod friend«, If ho would ooramimlcnto with them j uldra», to tho caro of Mrs. J/ A. Robertson, 1«, Montara«. parade, Klngsdown, Bristol, England. 16116 SHIP Tamerlane.-.lohn Grabara-your old man mate David Porteus, wishes to se> you lara'. dlately ¡ enquire at 76, Fllnden- lano. west. 19661 SHIP Statesman.-Should this meet the eye or Mr. Bland, II. Bett«, would lie glad to hear from him ns early as convenient. Henry Edward Bett«, Pott Office, Melbnurn«. 19661 SOTHERN, B. C, Esq., Is requested to call or mi to No. 103, La Trobe.street, cast, to se« Dr. n»tv page. Hil» 1IOUI.D Ibis meet the eye of Charles Cameron Diver, from Alderney, ho will hear of D. Bethune hy enquiring for Mr. Janies, Contractor, Swan Hotel, Richmond._._»664 mllOMAR CHEW or N. White-pies«« forward the I parcel which you brought out In the Holyrood, to 8, reutrlll's, Victoria Hotel, Launceston I and also your address, and your cousin will communicate with you. Send It by tho Clareiico steamer._1*9*4 1LLIAM LLOYD LOMAS, of llarpnrtioy, Mm chester-Fred, and George have arrived, and are anxious to sec or hour fr.Mti you ; address Fred. Lam«*, Mr. W. K. Bull's, Elisabeth street, Melbourne, I6-H6 ILLIAM MASTERTON.-A letter willi te« above name was delivered to lorne parly In t mistake; pienso send It to flio Gas-office, Collins-street west, and oblige W. Masterton. 50Î6Ï Board and Z.odglng. A LADY and gentleman, or two gentlemen, can M accommodated with n Sitting and llnlrooro, fur nlshrd, within fivo minutes' walk from St Ttvn Church ; apply No. 1, Napier «treet, Collingwood. BOARD mid Rosi lenco for two gentlemen at Hlefi mond, near Iho Chutch, lu a respectable latull) without ohlhlrrn, terms nimlorate ; direct M K .once of this paper._101H BOA RD and Lodging -I» n rcspictable tradism« can bo acoommoditcd with Board and Lodglogi apply nt 00, Little llourko streit, westi nono but re spectabletradesnion need appl) 80196 BOARD and Hotldence 1 ir Mon, nt 33, Gore «tcect, nearly opposltntho Hull 1er« Armi,t'olllngwood¡ healthy situation, a fon minutes walk from Mollioiir»» 1 erins, 10s | er u eck. »200 B~~ O MID and llesl h mo uro i llored loa\¡»rrlod Gen. Ilcman anl lils Wile lu a | rltnto fimlly. Th» l est reft ronces given in d n iuln.il, address lleta, ornea of Hil» paper _5031» BOAIID and I ndgh i - I no roiiieoluhle young uno can benocoiiiuwdit I at io« nerwtok, »t No I M'l arlnno s ( iiUngc« 1 Utlo La 1 ilio stroet, corner of 1 H/ntitlt stroot 26621_ LLOPA1 II A Û iWliTg^ÏÏmise, I0J I.imsdali street, west -Ardill ill Muxh« from tin llu(.«v» Heal Uni«), GIngoiv and lh> lito stowwd of the steamship l lo palra i II numil r of oomrirtaWollj'' i ioma dlsengagiil tO*»*., c IrUILNCIl Hinrdlng Hinno, 1R7, Bwamton Stritt, ' opposite tho Hospital, lins alita)» largoroonnmr I «rtk ? of itnttlli men t mother, nlso rooms forinarrM» ioii|ilci Prior, mode it« _Hllj_ OMF - I huso iliTlrmíTrTbtññiíiig a ( «ntforftWe Homo em he atoonimoditod with Board «ed l.nd(ilng| apil) nt Mrt Croplo)'», 7ü,',arciitI.OT«til»i» streit_ *M"L milltl.L OontlcinTii omi bo »coomnialaW »I» 1 Board and Ki «Idónea In a private IWlly .' respoolahlllt) ; »ddros« W, P. II, Milton Coital»»! Smith «U-ool, ColSngnoml, near the Shepherd»'_>_* IN»» 