VICTORIA. '"'MSUrfH'RSt.-Arrivals : Way 7. Clarence ist) and .JMe!, ftftm Launceston, 75 passengers ; Ann Dixon and Italia, (mm Adelaide, 41 passengers; Gem, from Cape of, ..Stood Hope, C passengers-cargo, 100 barrels flour, 680 Atr»eli"nts, 350 boxes' candles, 1O0 boxes 22 cases fruit, ' TSftiastt«-vinegar, 70 boxes glass, 30 cases furniture, 20 Ëheurts IO" r«5e,i Rin> 20 barrels sago, 12 boxes es, 1 hogshead 10 quarter-cask 00 «asM-vine, 6 hogs x1 randy. R. Waratah («t,)t from Sydney ; Pholie. Ona Hobart Town : Louira and Caesar, from Samarang «!», Adelaide, 11 passengers-cargo, 1305 bag» sugar, 28 .tags , pepper, 30 casks mm, 600 cases ;paera. 320 bags com* ; Wave, iron» Cir «julor Head, 0 passengers. 0. Swift and Swan, from1 baan« «ton, 5 passengers ; Monumental City, steamer, ¿ram Sydney ; Esperanza, from Hobart Town. 10. 'tarty, ironi Sydney ; Briton's Queen, from Hobart Town, wiih ÏO passengers. 11. Adelaide, A.R.M steam ship. Jo! lins, Jackson, from Plymouth 3rd January,»ml '<6* Car* 6th March, with 8S passengers. Departures:' May. 7 Harriett« and Picard, for Sydney ; Creole and /Va* TiiUic, fur Hobart Town ; Victoria, for Mauritius a, llaiaquita, for Warnambool; Henry Edward, for "<Srruh.'r (lead; Rose Anna, for Port Fairy; Melbourne, "àw Adeln ide lo, Louis and Miriam, for Sydney; Dolore«, i Sir Valparaiso i Northumbria, for Singapore: Flying JBtoirnl, for Hobart 'ftiwn: Vannoutb. for Auckland.) It Clan nee and Pearl, for Launceston: Athlone, fur! Calcul a-, Golden Age, fur Adelaide; Don Juan, for! fcBW»n.Y.»wn ; Spray, and Mary and Ellen,for Sydney JS*U*,l"Tt ir.nlnr Head. GiOflMJ.-Departure: Maya. Maud Home, for Lon-. «StO. CBÍTOK Hoc«,«.-Entered out wari»- May 14. Wan «fcrnr, 1 rig, HO tons, Boggis, for Melbourne, Fettercairn, (touni - 220 tons, Maillir, for Metlmurne , BUVABT TOWN -Arrival«: April 27. Mlddlclon, from loado). '.2S. Panama, from Liverpool, January 8th, «ith «?n]grai>ts 20 Moniing Star, from Landon; Arabia, tau Oiina; FljingFish, from Cludoog. Mar 2, Hon «fm in. flinn London Departures: April 27. Flying «Sauden, for Mauritius 20 Lord Auckland, for Bocc *W AncLAinE - i mr ni«: Vpril 27 Mwtiudl Bennett and Caneor I, from London }Iay 2. Bernard, from I/onte Vafco, Heath« r Bril, from UverpooL May 3. Adelaide, it-mer, from tbeCspeof Good Hope; CCJiIIian, fcom MMbou ni». , i llie Marshal Bennett ¿arrived at Adelaide April, 27 in ! * «9ery leaky condition, the pumps havinx boen kept «au tin i ally ffolng «Ino* ieavlng; the Cape. Tbo Dule of Welling!«« lias had a pft«uge>af't05<!ays a>ccn Gravesend, which «RM upon t»e whole ¡rather a Soisfrrous one, having «ijptsicneed jnanyigalcaduritlg fe* vea a«e. She spoke t6e MsHIand, Mareil 13th, iii Itíhodeíi-fonth. long. 20-«r«t-^all well ' ' ïn«Melbourne paper»contai» sectniatsfjt 1ha «nook. .T UM h^tyuf Dutlus^whifh va* Uidjng' at GuWteo PV, for London ¡ tlioflchooner Jf*rl*o, at tb* mouth oí SU Perwrnt, three tire* lost; Kui tfw »ihooocr Emu, I mm* ti*'Mont* oTtbrHtimy, wiffr # J* remred, tbo i las>oC«irb*a'K > Thesteanier New Orleans, Captain B. Wakeman, left San Francisco March 10th, at noon, «iUh 110 passengers for Sydney. March II. at 5 v.M., i. O. M'Laughlln, a steerage passenger, jumped overboard; a boat «as at onoc lowered atid sent to the reset», tho crew of which succeeded in picking him up, but wery effort made to restore animation proved unavailing. March 26th. crossed tho Equator in long. 185' W. .March 27th, at 6 P.M., arrived at Taio-hai, island «f Nookahoevo,-and sailed next day at 0 P.M , leaving in port French corvette Artemise, and American whaling barque Silas Richards, Wilcox, of New Bedford, ten months out, with 350 barrels sperm. April 1st, at 3 r.w., arrived nt Tahiti ; sailed again April 12th at 9 A «.,leaving In pert French frigate Moselle, corvette Durance, and fetenmer Le Phoque : also American shins Emily Taylor, an-l Ellen Brooks, full of oil and bone, bound home ; English cutter Oberon, and Hawalan hrig Rein Deer, both from Sydney. April 21st, at 1 P.M, nrrived at Tongataboo, took on board 20 passengers (British subjects'! who were in dis- tress, they having been wrecked in the schooner Rapid on the4til March. Sailed from Tongataboo April 23rd, at noon, leaving in port barque Clara, Mellen, 65 days from San Francisco, iiouiid to Sydney. Tho missionary brig John Wesley fulled a few dayB previous for Vnuvou. April 27th, boBrded tho brig Packet, of Adelaide, 17 days from Sydney, bound to Feegcc Islands and Singapore. Mny 3rd, auchored in the south passage of Moreton Bay, spent two days looking for a pilot, and on tho morning of Hie 0th started for Brisbane, but on reaching tile mouth of the river there was found to be less water on the bar than she drew, which compelled til« steamer to come to anchor till the coals required could be sent down theriver In lighters. On the Ulh a Btoetagc passenger named Robert Farley, trom the schooner Rapid, died of dysen- tery, and was burled on the Island of St. Helena. On the 12th, left anchorago at 9 A.M., and proceeded out of the North Channel, passing Capo Moreton at 11% A.M. May 13th, at H'45 P;M., passed a brig supposed to bo the Jock from Moreton Bay, standing to the southward, and at midnight met the steamer Shamrock, steering north. On the 14th, at 4 P.M., orrived In the Heads, thus making the passage in 64 days 4 hours whole time. Detention in Nookaheevo Bay, 1 day; ditto in Tahiti, 10 days l8 hours; ditto in Tongatahoo, 1 day 25 hours; ditto in Moreton Bay, 8 days 20'^ hours; total, 22 days 13)4 hours: making the run from San Francisco in 41 days 14'4 hours. It must be horne in mind that in making this passage the New OrleanB has. to save coal, been running under but half of her usual pressure of steam. Nine of her passengers spent 48 hours in Moreton Bay searching for the Norfolk Island pirates »ho have ot late infested that part or the const Their efforts, unfortu- nately, were unsuccessful The following 1' tter or thanks wa« addressed to Paptaln Wakeman :-" Brisbane. More tou Bay, May 10. Sir,-I lieg to thank you for the friendly interest you have shown, and prompt measures you adopted, in endeavouring to effect the apprehension of a boat's crew of lawless men who plundered the Pilot's Station on Mpreton Island a few days since. Although your boat« have returned without having accomplished the object for which you so, kindly despatched them, I assure you that the motive which led you and those from your ship to undertako such a service will be fully appre- ciated. Trusting that the visit of the New Orleans to these shores may prove advantageous to yourself and to those who are interested in the voyage, I have, the honour to be Sir, your most obedient servant, JOHN C. WICKHAM, Government Resident" Among the pas- sengers by the New Orleans is Mr. James Stork, the cele- brated American tragedian, and lady. The Xuiv Orleans Is a beautiful steamer, affording accommodation in.the state saloon for 1C0 passengers, 00 in the ladies saloon', and 400 in the steerage. Her length is 235 feet, breadth 60 feet, diameter of wheels 34 feet, her engines 450 horse power, 1200 tons burthen, nnd draught of water when liden 12 feet. She was built in New York in 1848, and it is in- tended, wo believe, to run her between Sydney and Port Phillip. . . Tlie Waratsh arrived from Melbourne yesterday after- noon, having left on Thnrsday. The Harbinger was seen on Saturday at 3 A.M. 60 miles S.W. of One Howe. The A. M. Steamer Adelaide arrived at Melbourne on the 11th Instant. Subjoined is a letter from Mr. Young, de- scribing his voyage from St Helena: -To the Editor of the South Australian Register. "Dear Sir, -I forward you a St. Helena paper, which contains an account of the voyage of the Adelaide steamer from Plymouth to that island, and I now furnish a few particulars relative to the remaining part of the voyage to this remote country. Having taken on board 340 tons of wood and 90 tons of coal, we left St Helena on the 5th March, after a detention of 13 days. The decks and ladies' saloon, to the discomfort of all parties,were filled with wood ; but still our supply being unequal to the demands of the voyage, we had so to economise our fuel as greatly to retard our progress; and after 16 days from St Helena, and 77 from our finally leaving Ply- mouth, we reached Cape Town on the 31st. The Ade- laide, according to official announcement, was to have made her voyage to the Cape with unparalleled speed, but she signally failed in the attempt. During the pre- vious twelve months, the Queen of the South had reached the Cape from England in 33 days; the Formosa, 37 ; the Chusan, in 40 ; the Sarah Sands and Australian, in 44 : the Cleopatra, in 48 ; the Great Britain. in 50 ; the Sydney, in 54: and the Melbourne after all her extra- ordinary movements and mishaps, in 73 : but the Ade- laide, the model screw steamer,-the special object of public attention-the ship of royal name, and on royal service- was not able to accomplish the voyage in less than 77 days. At Cape Town we found sufficient coal, and after filling every available space on deck as well as below we sailed for King George's Sound on the 20th, having been detained not quite five days. On doubling the Cape we experienced heavy weather, and the vessel became so leaky that the passengers had to assist at the pumps: and it was necessary for them to continue their service for some hours every day during the subse- quent part of our voyage. We had to encounter a suc- cession of gales, and, as the vessel would sometimes only steer before the wind, we were occasionally driven out of our course : and from the tremendous thumping of the screw, and violent straining of the ship, considerable anxiety was excited lest the leaks should so enlarge as to render all attempts abortive to keep the vessel afloat. We had also another alarm of fire, but by timely dis- covery and prompt attention, the flame was extinguished before many of the passengers were aware of the occur- rence. By the good providence of God we reached King George's Sound on April 24th, and this port yesterday, being 121 days from our finally leaving Plymouth, and more than double the period specified in the Company's advertisement for the accomplishment of the voyage. The Company undoubtedly expected the Adelaide would prove a first-rate vessel ; but they have been fearfully deceived . She consumes much more coals than was anti- cipated, has not the sailing capabilities she was under- stood to possess, and is by no means so comfortable for passengers as it was believed she would be. It is to be greatly regretted that the properties of the vessel had not been fully ascertained by a shorter voyage than that which, with so much difficulty and not a little danger, she has just performed. The Company will doubtless have gained wisdom by the delays they have suffered, and in future be prepared to make a better arrangement. We have lost three of our second-class passengers, but I understand they were all more or less invalids previously to their leaving home. One died at St Kilda, and was buried there ; another died on our passage from the Cape, and was committed to the deep; and a third died at King George's Sound, and was interred in the adjoining wil- derness. It will be some consolation to their surviving friends to know that they received the diligent attention of our medical officer, and that their spiritual interests were also cared for. Upon the whole, we have been favoured with a good state of health, which by the Divine blessing may in a great measure be attributed to the wholesome and ample provision with which wo have besn supplied. On the Sabbath-day we have had religious service on board, and also on the week day evenings when the ladies' saloon could he used for that purpose; and although subjected to many disappointments, and ex- pose to numerous perils, yet, on a review of the whole, we have much cause for thankfulness that our circum- stances are no worse. I am, dear sir, your obedient servant, ROBERT YOUNG -Adelaide Steamer, off Port Adelaide, May 5th, 1853.- P.S..-Since writing the above, I regret to say that, with the exception of four, all our sailors have refused to work." The Marmora reports tbo Fantome as anchoring at Auckland as she was leaving. On the 2nd instant spoke the Hargraves, for Auckland, off the Bay of Islands. The Willinm, ship, hailed for Sydney on the 20th Instant, having put in for supplies for her passage for San Fran- cisco. The Enphrosla, 1200 tons, was to sall from New York for Mcllouriio February 20. The Jack and Palermo soiled from Moreton Bay for Sydney, on the 6th instant In the manifest of the Eliza Hunter, 20 rases con- signed to M'Artliur and Atkinson were omitted in Satur- day's publication. The /Tennessee, .steamer, from Panama, for San Francisco, with 620 passengers, went on shore ot the entrani-e .>' San Francisco Bay, during a dense fog on the 6th March." Ihc whole of tho passengers, together with their baggage, was safely lauded, but tho vessel has be-i come a totoi wreck The Africa is a very noble ship of nearly 1500 tons register, and fitted up most commodiously for the accom- modation of |uuscngcrs. and lins a promenade deck reach- ing right fore and art; the poon, which Is nearly 80 feet In length, being connected with tho cabins built on the deck forward hy means of bridges. She has experienced ti rough passage from Mellmurne, and during Friday night encountered a very heivy gale of wind from the west- ward She brings a norgo of general merchandize. THE Iuuir.it ISTS.-All the Floren (la's immigrants have been landed In Brisbane, and about 90 have already boen engaged, at wsges averaging £40 tor married coop es, £30 for single jjen, and £14 to £20 for single women, with rations and lodging. Tim local Immigration Hoard is now angTfed in the Investigation of certain charges against theship'sofljeers. hutwhat theirnoture or justice may be rem-iins a iim-tery.-Moreton Bay Free IVert. THE Eiursso'» AT W ISIIINOTON -The agents of Ericsson and other.-in New York hale proposed to furnish the secretary of Hie navy with one or more vessels to be pro- pelled hy (he F.rlrsson engines, which aro to attain the speed of nine knots, with a dally consumption of eight tuns of coal. Tin" pro|«isition has been formally enter- tained, nnd Krirsson lins tuen requested to send his new vessel to Washington. This has been agreed to, and she Is to lie then' about the 4th March. It Is reported in New York, that the gentlemen concerned In the Ericsson arc «0 »el! sa Mied with the experiment that they aro pre|inring lo hy keels for several oilier and much larger ships, to tie propelled by the Ericsson engine. At least six of thew ships.i of the caparity of 4,000 tons, will be probably built during tho preeent year.-Louriana CourUr, January 'JO. FLOUR A\P FiiriaiiT« TO AI-STHALIA.-During the past week lhere were some considera bio transactions in flour In this market, fur shipment to Australia, The brands were chitfly best Boutin ni, s») *t an average of £5 75 per bairrl. Freight« for this sptrlc* of nierchandinu vary from i-1 to $:t 5o per barrel. The total cost, then-lore, is at the outside not more than $9, Including insurance ; snd as, at !«<?! dales, the article was selling ot the mest i \orbitnnt prices at Sydney, Hiere is but little doubt that a hnndMimc profit will be made, always providing tint the flour kcept sw«-t till it arrives there. A Danish brig at tills |iort. we notice, last week engaged a cargo of 2tlW libls , for »hleh $3 freight was paid- If. T. Exprtu. THE ADELAIDE STEAMER.-At the Port Adelaide Police court, on Thursday last. R.F. Newland, Esq , committed' to gaol for 30 days, a petty officer and two of the crew of the steam-ship Adelaide, for refusing to work. It ap- peared from the evidence of Captain Jackson and a few of his officers, that these men were the ringleaders of the late "strike" by the great majority of the crew. The crew are now tolerably satisfied to work the vessel to Sydney for double the rate of wages for which they signed- Adelaide Times V_.-ej.fl »on AvsTtttUA- Thrre aro now ten ships up lu New 7/>rk for Port Phillip, and attumg-them the new clipper ti*? lirsolu-,-lately l.iUBrhed by A. A. Low and Brothers : ifce ship Bavar]«, by William Whitlock, Jun : the Cast Min«,»./ '.add «ni «"nprob, and B«nja_!n IÎ M ila-i. ly JI*t«H» Taylor* and r».-lgO» frtnclteo Herald, Morck t, itv ; <' .*< i . r. . 'V. ti The Louis anti Miriam passed the Wild Irish Girl off Capo Howo on Friday night. Tho Adventure and Harriet, schooners, lea l'ort Phillip Heads on tho 9th instant DEPARTURE OF TITE NEW ORLEANS,.-PRESENT TO CAPT. WAKEMAN.-The steamship New Orleans, will leave to- day, with a largo number of passengers, for Sydney and Melbourne. The many friends of lier commander, Capt. Wakeman, have presented him with a. testimonial of the most elegant and appropriate kind. It consists of a massive and richly ornamented speaking trumpet of sil- ver, upon which aro raised numerous devices borrowed from the sea. The inscription reads, " Ficscnted to Capt Kdgnr Wakeman, by the citizens of San Francisco, G. W. llycman, F. A. Woodworth. C. R. Bond. Commit- tee, March 8,1853." In addition to this tho same com- mittee presented him with a splendid jewelled watch, a massive gold chain, to which was attached a hcautiful diamond pin, a heavy anchor, and largo ring of Califor- nia gold-altogether one of the richest and most sub- stantial presents that could have been prepared. The trumpet, watch, and chain, were manufactured by J. W. Tucker ; the ring, pin, and anchor, by Barrett and Sherwood. Adams and Co., with their usual energy and foresight, send out a messenger by the New Orleans, to establish a branch of their business in Australia. It will undoubtedly prove of great importance in process of time. Mr. Myers, tho gentleman who goes ont, is well known here for his promptitudo and efficiency.-San Francisco Herald, Ifarch 10. ANOTHER STEAMER FOR AUSTRALIA.-The new steam- ship Golden Ago is advertised to leave here for Australia on or about the 1st of April next. She Is owned by J. Howard and Son, and was built fdr them by William II. Brown, and was launched about the 1st of November, under the name of tho San Francisco, at which timo it was contemplated to run her between San Francisco and Panama. Her engine is now being placed In her at tho Morgan Works, and wo are informed it is the largest ever put in a vessel. This, in addition to her being one of tbo sharpest steamers ever built, will enable her to make a very short passage. She Is tho largest vessel as yet put on this trade.-A'cir For* II, raid, Feb. 25. AUSTRALIAN LINE op PACKETS.-Mr. Vernon Brown'is now organizing a regular line of packets to sail from this Dort for l'ort Phillip and Melbourne, and has already laid on for lading the well known ship Marion, of 500 tons.-Boston Atlas, January 7. COAL FOR AÜSTR»LU.-A vessel is now loading et the wharf of Messrs. Milla and Co.. l'ort Richmond, with coal, destined for Australia. Tills is the first Bhipmcnt of tho great staple product of Pennsylvania, for that far off region, that wo have heard of-JVcio Fort Express, February 2 Freight to Australia has been taken on 4000 barrels, flour at $3.50, and measurement goods 60 cents by full Teasels.-¿Veie York Express. WATER POLICE OFFICE.-On Saturday, Henry Young, a deserter from tho ship Hooghly, was sentenced to ten weeks' imprisonment, with hard labour. Ho had only .liven discharged a few hours from Darlinghurst gaol, where he hod been serving a term for the same ollenro, and left bis ship "Imost as soon as ho was put on hoard by the water police. 