MBTEOBOLOOIOAIi ItBPOHT, SOUTH HEAD, _From 15th to 21st November, 1853._ 29-081 Fr). 29003 Sal. 30-000 Sun. 30.0,12 Mon. 29 983 0KNEUA.L REMARKS. Tuesday, 15th.-[Moon's ago 13 tlays. Rain 0-01. Wind, S., S.E. by S., S E.] Fresh southerly breezes fore- noon, vf Ith thick weather and milly rain ; afternoon llgbt wind), and cloudy but fair pleasant weather. Wednesday, lath.-[Rain 0-29. Hoon full, 4ti. 5M. A.M. Wind, S.S, W., and S.E.] Light winds throughout ; con- stant steady rain after seven A.M. for several hours; afterwards cloud! broko and sky open with light partial clouds rest of day and night. Thursday, 17th.-[Wind, 8.8.E., S.E. by 8.] Fresh breer.es forenoon, moderate and light winds ; latter part fine clear weather, very partial clouds ; night clear and cairns. Friday, 18th.-[Wind 8.W., 8.B by S., 8.E, S.S.E.] Quite light airs or gentle creeses throughout, and bright pleasant weather. Saturday, 10th.-[Wind, W.S.W., N.E ] Gentle winds all day, cloudy for most part, but vary pleasant weather ; night cairns and cloudy. Sunday, 20th.-[Wind, N.W., N.E, N.E. by N.l Morning calm, clouds open and occasional glances of sunshine ; middle gentle north-east breezes, which freshened a little afternoon ; olear sky and delightful woather middle and latter parts; night cairns and bright starry sky. Monday, 21st-[Moon's age, 19day«, Wind, N.E. by N., N.N.E.] Morning calm, clear, and sun shone with much power forenoon and middle parts ; afternoon light breezrs «nd partial clouds-very pleasant weather. AUCTIONEERS' LICENSES. -- The fallowing justices assembled yesterday at the annual meeting for granting (¡cenata to carry on the business of auctioneers for tho year 1853-4 : The Right Worshipful the Mayor, in the chair ; Alderman Allen, Mr. Dowling, Mr. M'Lerie, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Weekes, Mr. Robey, Mr. Peek, Mr. Darvall, Mr. Hargraves, Mr. Wingate, and Dr. Douglass. Licenses were allowed to the persons undermentioned : C. Adrain, S. C. Burt, J. M'Quatters, A. Moore, E. Mnjoribanks, W. G. Lambert, H. A. Graves, T. YY. Bowden, L. E. Threlkeld, J. Purkis, S. Wooller, C. A. Layard, W. Shopland, and J. K. Heydon. One or two applicants, it transpired, were holders of pawnbrokers licenses, and it became a question ou the bench whether, although botb the Auctioneers' Licensing Act and that for the licensing of pawnbrokers were silent on the subject, it were expedient to sanc- tion any person to conduct botb callings by granting bim a license for each. Their wor- ships took time to consider the point, and ad- journed such applications until to-day, wheo also the nameB of those applicants who were npt_ in attendance will bo again called. The session stands adjourned until noon to-day. SYDNEY DIOCESAN BOARD or MISSIONS. We are requested to state that the Annual General Meeting, advertised to be held to-night in the School House, Castlereagh ?cireet, is unavoidably postponed till further notice. COURT OF REQUESTS.--This is the last day, on which suitors can lake out summonses in the extended jurisdiction of this Court, for the sittings commencing on the 5th of nest month. TENDER FOR IMMIOUATION DEHENTUREB ACCEPTED,-The following tender for immi- gration debentures has been accepted : - Savings' Bank of New South Wales for £50,000 at the rate of £1(76 ID'S, for each £100 in debentures. MAIL ROHUERIES.-It having been repre- sented to the Government that the mails on certain roads have been repeattlily robbed, and it is considered expedient to establish n fixed scale of rewards applying to all cases of mail robberies, his Excellency the Governor General has directed it to be notified that, for such information, within six calendar months after the commission of the oflence, as shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of those implicated, a reward of twenty pounds will be paid in each case of mail robbery un- attended by violence, ..nd a reward of fifty pounds m each case m which the gtnlty par- ties have been armed, and .have used violence ; and that, in addition to the above rewords" re- spectively, application will be made to her Majesty for die allowance of a conditional pardon to the person giving the information if a prisoner of the Crown, Mr Hliibworth beg« Id direct rsrrleular alt« allon to hi* sale or some realty sriperb and useful household furniture, bed«, mat«, mop«, io , at the Alores of Mci«.». I) Donen and Co, Wynyard lan«, Wyn r«rd-street (near to the Bank ol N«w Boult! #kl«a), t, o'olook precisely. COBONER'S INQUESTS.-On Monday, an in- quest was held before the coroner, at the 'Wel- lington Inn, upon view of the body of a man, a native of Java, then lying dead at the Sydney Infirmary. Captain Andreas Schefer, of the Danish brig Cyfele, stated tbat the deceased, Cooroy, was a native of Java, and a Beaman on board his ship. He WBB found dead in his bed on Monday morning. He h»d dined plentifully off fresh meat on the previous day, and this new ration appeared to have disagreed with him. Dr. Norris, resident surgeon of the Benevolent ABylum, stated that he had exa- mined the body of the deceased ; that there were no marks of violence thereupon. In his opinion death was the the result of of natural oaue.es. Tho jury found a verdict in accord- ance with this opinion.-A second inqueBt was held on the same day, at the Wellington Inn, upon view of the body of Thomas Chatto, then lying dead at the Benevolent Asylum. George Ronald, residing at Rose Bay, stated that on Thursday last, in the afternoon, his children reported to him that they had seen a bundle of clothes floating in Rose Bay. It was too late at that time (it being dark) to Bee what it was, but on the following morning, about four o'dook, witness went to see what his children had pointed out. He observed, at a diBtanoe of about sixty or seventy yards from high water mark, what he considered to be a bundle of clothes. He swam to the place, and found the doad body of the deceased. He brought the body on shoro immediately and had it removed to the dead house of the Benov"lent Asylum. The case, ss it proceeded, disclosed one of deplorable destitution. Constable Connell, stationed at Rushcutters Bay, stated that between 11 and 12 o'clock on Friday last, be received informa- tion of the body of a man having been found at Rose Bay. He proceeded there and found the body of deceased lying on the shore. He searched hi« person and found the pocket annual produced befoio the Court, containing various memoranda, by which it would appear that deceased Was in very destitute ciroum stanafs. He also found other papers then produced before the Court. The deceased appeared to be much attenuated. He was removed to the Asylum. There were several entries in the journal reflecting on parties for their unkindness to deceased, and written in a style which would lead to the supposition that deceased intended to commit suicide. Amongst the entries in the annual were the following : " October 4. Saw Walker to-day and a»ked him for a few shillings, as I had not any food for three days. He refused me. God knows how long this may continue. Farewell. He has treated me like a dog ; but per- haps ho may some day find himself in my situation. God forgive bim for his cruelty to me." Another extraot was as fol- lows:-" Twelve days without food or drink of any kind, except a glass or two of water - it will soon be over-I am getting very weak, and hardly able to walk. God only knows what will become of me !" Another memo- randum :-" It is drawing to a cloae at lost." On another page was tho address, "Mr. Walker, merchant, N. East Battery." It ap- peared that deceased was a passenger to this colony by the ship Marchioness of London- derry, arid that he was the son of a linen draper at Morpeth, in .England. W. Walsh, coroner's constable, stated that he had caused a notice to be inserted in the Sydney Morning Herald and Empire newspapers, describing the body of the deceased, but had not received any information as to the identification of the body. By the coroner's orders, he had pro- ceeded to the Messrs. Walker, at Dawes' Bat- tery ; but Mr. Thomas Walker Baid that he knew nothing of the deceased. Mr. Thomas Walker directed witness to Mr. Walker, next door, but that gentleman witness could not meet with. Dr. Norm, resident surgeon at the Benevolent Asylum, stated that he had examined the body of deceased, upon which there were no marks of violence. From the appearance of the body, and the history of the case, he, Dr. N., was of opinion that ? death was the result of suffocation from drowning. The body waa very much at- tenuated. The Coroner, in summing up the evidence, dweltin feeling terms upon this truly melancholy case. The entries in the deceased's pocket-book, and the language in which they weie couched, showed that the deceased had moved in respectable circles. The letters and memoranda a'so whiuh were found upon his person corroborated this impression. It was a truly sad case. The jury found that deceased bsd drowned himself ia a fit of temporary in- sanity, caused by destitution and extreme mental depression. AN INOnATE.-On Monday evening a man named Philip Garcia was given into custody by Lavvis Haynes, caretaker of the Synagogue, for having stolen a watch and chain, bis property, and yesterday he was brought before the Bench. The prosecutor deposed that on last Sunday afternoon the prisonoi- came to him at the Synagogue and represented himself as a Jew in destitute oircumstances, whereon he (witness) placed food before him, unlleoted a small sum for him of a few co-religionists who happeoed to be in the building, gave him a night's lodging, and on Monday found a situation for him ; on Monday afternoon he callod at the Synagogue again, but, as witness was engaged, he did not notioo what ho was about ; as he saw Garcia leaving the premi-ies he at the same moment missed the ticking of a watch, which sub- sequently to Garcia's arrival, was hanging in its utual place ; as no one but Garoi* had had an opportunity of removing the timekeeper he called after him in the passage, the only effect produced being to increase the speed of the prisoner's flight, who also pullad-to tho prate after him, which, from the difficulty experienced iu opening it, enabled him to get out of sight by the time he(Haynes) reached the street. Between six and seven in the evening he ssw prisoner in the entrance of the Theatre, who, on being taxed with the theft, at first denied the charge, but subsequently gave it up and begged to be forgiven ; and but for tho ingratitude of his conduct, he (the prosecutor) might have been inclined to overlook tho theft as not worth the trouble of prosecuiiug ; prisoner stated on his first interview tbat he had been eighteen months in the colony, but he (prosecutor) bad never before aeon him at tho place of worship. Ho was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. A few days since tho same prisoner was charged with a somewhat similar offence, but was discharged in consequence of an in- sufficiency of logal evidence to convict him: he had confessed to the taking, but the confession appeared lo have been elicited from him under circumstances which for the purposes of prose eution rendered it of no avail. From his manner of »peaking and demeanour generally there is reason to believe that he is not " all thore,'' albeit of very dishonest propensities. POLICE COUKT.-The sitting magistrates yes- terday were tho Police Magistrate, the Super- intendent of Police, and Dr. Douglass. Thero were but five persons on the drunkards' list, (two paid 20s. eacb, ono 10s,. and two preferred a drive to Darlinghurst,) but at least ten of the seventeen perdons named on the general list were intoxicated at the time of the alleded disorderly conduct of which they were convicted. On tho summons list were four cases between landlord and tenant : ono was postponed at the request of tbe parties, in two warrants were ordered to give tho landlord possessiou, and the fourth was dismissed with £5 5s. COBIS. In tho last named carns, Mr. Cooper, as the attorney of Mr. W. Maodonald, sought to obtain an order against one Bosworth, tho tenant in possession of certain property at Miller's Point. Mr. Hort appeared for tho complainant, and Mr. Thurlow for tho defence. Mr. Hart tendered himself as a witness to prove the service of cortain papers on tho opposite side. Mr. Thur- low objected to this course as inconvenient and improper. Cases under this Act, it was ex- pressly declared, nero to he conducted before the Bench of magistrates in the same way as thor would be beforo a judge of the Supremo such a proceeding as this. Mr. Hart replied ihatl having for more abundant caution sorved theso papéis blHlsnlf, he had no other means of Tiroving service, which however ho submitted, so far from being improper1, was sanctioned by Sir ,fohri Jorvii's Act. Their vvorships thought thu obteotion waa fatal to such á «odo of provltYg sei vice; arid dismissed the complaint with to 6V; I «oiti. 