L ATE ENGLIS H. NEWS. By the arrival of the Victoria steamer, we have English intelligence to the middle of June — the following ore the most important items : — We quote the following from Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper, having reference to an absconding creditor who was lately captured in Melbourne, and has now as it will.be seen been brought to trial - Capture op an Absconding Creditor in Australia. — On Monday, Stewart Stevenson Spriggs was brought up in custody of Falconer, charged under the 12th and 13th Victoria, cap. 106. sec. 251, with not having surrendered, he being adjudged a bankrupt, within forty days of the fiat in bank ruptcy. It appeared, from the statement of Mr. Prentice, that the prisoner was a partner in the firm of Ashton and Spriggs, wholesale button and trimming manufacturers, of Alderm anbury, and in the beginning of September last, absconded, taking with him between £2000 and £3000, consisting of all the cash the firm had in hand or at their bankers. As soon as it was discovered he was gone, the firm became bankrupts, and the Commis sioner issued a warrant for his apprehension, and it was placed in the hands of Falconer, who forthwith proceeded to Australia, and captured the prisoner, with the bulk of money still in his possession. He, however, gave the officer consi derable trouble over there, and occasioned great expense to the assignees. The statement of the learned counsel having been borne by the evidence adduced, Alderman Lawrence said he felt no hesitation in committing the prisoner for trial; but as the depositions were not prepared, he would remand the case for a few days, and with regard to the question of bail, be did not feel disposed to accept any security for his appearance while he had liim in custody ; and if he was particularly desirous to put in bail, he could do so by going before the judge at chambers. From the same source, we take the subjoined description of Mr. Vanderbilt's steam -yacht, The public were admitted on board the gigantic steam-yacht, the North Star, belonging to Mr. Vanderbilt, an American gentleman, now lying in Southampton Dock. The saloons and furniture appeared magnificent in the extreme. Everything on board the North Star is American; and it is very evident that in many of the useful and ornamental arts the Americans are our equals in point of taste and skill. She made one of the quickest passages across the Atlantic on record, and consumed only fifty tons of coals a-day, while the consumption ordinarily in such steamers is from 70 to 100 tons daily. She has been enabled to traverse the ocean with such speed at so little expeuse, by her being driven by what is called a beam-engine, an American invention, which has never before been used to cross the Atlantic. The fortune of Mr. Vanderbilt is estimated in America at nine millions of dollars, or very nearly two millions sterling He has risen from the ranks. The installation of the Earl of Derby as Chancellor of the University of Oxford took place on the 8th of June. The reception of the Earl of Derby, in spite of the too obvious prominence given to political aims and designs in the copious list of partisan doctors and graduates which heralded his advent, had been everything that was to be expected from the ardent championship of his friends, and the generous chivalry of his opponents. The suspension of Mr Arthur R. Homersham, in the English wool trade, was announced on the 15th June. The amount of liabilities had not been stated, but it was supposed to be about £30,000. The quotation of gold at Paris was about at par (according to the last tariff), which, at the English Mint price of £3 17s. 10d. per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.17 ; and the exchange at Paris and London at sight being 25.05, it follows that gold is about 0.48 per cent, dearer in Paris than in London. By ad vices from Hamburgh, the price of gold was 4.27 per mark, which, at the English Mint price of £3 17s. 10d. per ounce for standard gold,- "gives an- exchange of 13;6 ; and the exchange at Hamburgh on London at sight 'being 13 of, it follows, that gold is 0.12 per' cent, dearer in Hamburgh than in London. Houses for exportation are " all the rage." The following is from a Glasgow paper We had the pleasure a few days ago, of examining one of those houses built by Messrs. Chaplin and Co., Stobcross- street, for Mr. Joseph Thompson, of Sydney, who was for many years in the house of Messrs. J. and W. Campbell and Co., of this city. It is one of the finest and most complete structures of this class of modern architecture we have seen, being constructed for a dry goods store and dwelling- house. It is composed of two separate parts, the one having a frontage of 55 feet in length, by 25 feet in breadth, and 2 storeys high. The upper portion being intended for a dwelling-house contains seven sleeping apartments and several sitting-rooms the ground flat forming part of the store in con nection with a back branch, which fits in with the lower part of the front building, thus giving storage room of 85 feet by 2G. Amid the brick walls of Sydney this building will have quite a palatial appearance as regards its exterior, while, internally, its accommodations and fittings might well suit a prince. We may justly state that the building was got up five weeks from date of order given, and on the very day the builder had promised to have it finished it was shipped on board the Hugh Walker then lying at Broomielaw.' The trustees of the Female Emigration Fund, established under Mr. Sydney Herbert's presidency had determined on very widely extending the scale of operations. Upwards of 1200 needlewomen having been sent to the colonies, and £24,000 thus expended, it has been found that those of their class are better employed, and the desire among them to emigrate considerably less. At a recent meeting, the Right Hon. Sydney Herbert occupying the chair, it was determined that the advantages of the fund should be extended to any woman desirous to emigrate, without distinction of age, residence, or occupation, upon a payment of £22 for each emigrant, being at the scale of nearly £10, less than the present rate of charge for intermediate passengers. The first party of emigrants upon the new system were to be despatched in one of Messrs. Green's first-class ships, at the latter end of July ; and, on arrival in any of the Australian colonies, they were promised ' all the advantages of the Government Home and the Immigration Inspector's experience and counsel,' On the 8th June a communication had been received ,at Lloyd's from the Danish consulate, announcing that the submarine electric telegraph cable had been successfully laid down across the . Great and Little Belts. This line of telegraph, in connection with the Dutch telegraph and the sub marine cable, extending from Orf'ordness to Holland, opens up the electric communication between London and Copenhagen. The Dublin Exhibition. — Tire reduced state of prices having become more generally known, the building has presented a busier and more crowded appearance than previously; numbers having availed themselves of the opportunity thus afforded them ot witnessing the many wonderful objects contained in the industrial temple, at the rate of Is. admittance. The great hall has especially presented a thronged appearance, and the galleries have assumed a more lively aspect than has been presented by them at almost any period since the opening day. The number of visitors was on Tuesday 7783, upwards of 2000 more than attended on Monday. The Camp at Cobham. — Woolwich, June 8, — The Queen's pavilion was taken out of store at Woolwich yesterday, and has been set up on Green - hill, a place within the - boundaries of the garrison, and in front of the new schools at the north-west gate. The pavilion has not been used, it is said, since the visit of Queen Charlotte, but it is now to be put into good condition here previous to its being taken to -Cobham Common, and erected there, as it is intended that Her Majesty, Prince Albert, the Commander-in-Chief, and the Master- General of the Ordnance will be present on several occasions to witness the encampment and evolu tions, reviews, and sham fights, which will take place to instruct the troops in the duties that would be expected of them in actual warfare, and a large supply of blank cartridge will be issued for that purpose. The Queen's pavilion is 60 feet long by about 15 feet broad, with two entrances covered over, one at the east and one at the west end, each about 20 feet in length) making a total length of about 100 feet. The roof in front and back is sup ported on eight orcliesithe two centre arches being large, and the three arches qn each side of the centre arches being of smaller dimensions. The canvass can be thrown open from any or the whole of the arches, to afford an uninterrupted view in front and in the rear ; and the flooring is composed of timber frames formed of deal, about 6 feet long by four feet broad, for the convenience of being earned on waggons. The marquee for the Master. General was also set up at Greenhill, but it has been taken down and forwarded to the place of encampment on Cobham Common. It will take several days to complete the Queen's pavilion, so as to render it ready to be sent to the camp. 