General Intelligence We would suggest for the furtherance of public justice that if informations against the constabulary should be dismissed, as in two recent cases, from informality in the proceedings, that the Chief Police Magistrate, as standing in relation to the force as Chief Commissioner of Scotland Yard, should take cognizance of the matter. The Supreme Court, Hobart Town, opens for the trial of prisoners on Tuesday next. Obstreperous Servants.-At the Police Office, Evandale, on the 7th instant, Edward Evans, free, hired servant to Mr. George Gibson, was charged before Robert Wales and James Cox, Esquires, with misconduct in his hired service in absenting himself without leave, and remaining absent nearly two months. He was sentenced to two months' imprison- ment with hard labour, and mulct all wages due to him. Richard Blabrown, a pass-holder in the service of J. K. Kenworthy, Esq., who was charged by his master with disobedience of orders and general mis- conduct, was sentenced to six months' hard labour in chains. Llongford Roads District.-W. Paton, Esq., of Belmont Cottage, Henry Clayton, Esq., of Wickford, Mr. James Saltmarsh, Norfolk Pains East, Mr. Thomas Smith, Mountford, Mr. James Pyke, Little Hampton, Mr. William Webb and Mr. Peter Jacob, of Longford, have been elected Trustees of the Long- ford Roads' District. We have been requested to state, for the informa- tion of those persons who are looking out for invest- ment, that Mr. Worley's list will appear tomorrow. The announcement of h¡s intended sale on the 6th proximo, of valuable building allotments, Colville and Park-street-, will appear at the same time. Desperate Characters - On Fridáy, the 30th ultimo, a report reached the constable's station at the Carlton, Lower Pittwater, that four desperate men, named Burns, Gault, Fletcher, and McDonald, were missing from Port Arthur. The Assistant Police Magistrate of Sorell ordered the constables to be alert, and on the following Tuesday night informa- tion was received that they had been seen at Mr. Ladd's place at the Sounds. Constables Rogers, Allen and Martin proceeded to East Bay Neck, and joining the constable in charge, .. (Sheenan), plans were laid to apprehend the absconders. About eleven o'clock on Wednesday night Gault was taken, and the others within an hour afterwards, and conveyed into Sorell, from whence on Friday morning they were sent under remand, to Port Arthur by the same escort. On reaching Lower Pittwater police-station they halted about an hour to procure refreshment, and when the order was given for the start, thinking they had got advantage of the con- stables, Burns (who is a most notorious character, and was one of those who was out under arms with Churchill some ten year since, and committed seve- ral robberies at the Sand-pits, in the District of Swan- port) and Fletcher made a rush and endeavoured to get possession of the arms. The constables, however, in the struggle which took place, felled them to the ground, Burns receiving a slight wound in the thigh from the bayonet of Constable Martin, and on the head from a blow inflicted by Constable Allen. The prisoners refused to walk any farther ; and on information being sent to Sorell, the Assistant Police Magistrate and Mr. D.C. Watson, with Dr. West- brook, went out to the assistance of the constables There is every probability that the lot, a very bad one, would have remained some time on their hands if the Port Arthur police-boat Imd not opportunely arrived at the Lower Ferry, into which the absconders were bundled neck and crop,' and transferred to the penal paradise of Port Arthur. The Magistracy. The Lieutenant-Governor has been pleased to insert the names of George Matson, Thomas Giblin, and Nigel Gresley, Esquires, in the Commission of the Peace. Dock Accommodation at Auckland.-A Bill has been brought into the Provincial Couucil at Auck- land, New Zealand, to authorise the erection of a dock. Danish Vice-Consul. - His Excellency notifies in the Gazette that a letter has been received fiom Mr. J. B. Were certifying that, in virtue of his office as Danish Consul for the British Colonies in Australia, ho has appointed Lavington Roope, Esquire, to be Danish Vice-Consul for Hobart Town. Dr. Lang on the Occupation of New Caledonia. In a letter to the Empire Dr. Lang says - the Editor has acted rather uncourteously towards the French in designating their occupation of the Island of New Caledonia n "usurpation" " Sir," he writes, "it is nothing of the kind; otherwise by what appropriate term are we to designate the British occupation of this entire continental island of New Holland, as well as of the neighbouring islands of Van Diemen's Land and New Zealand, all of which, as their very names proclaim, were originally dis- covered by "the Dutch, and not by the English ? In short, the French occupation of New Caledonia, however we may blubber and cry over it, is just as warrantable and righteous an act, on the part of the Government of Louis Napoleon, as the British occupation of New Zealand, in the year 1839 or 1840, on the part of our own Imperial Government." Commercial Bank. - The total assets of the Com- mercial Bank on the 31st December last amounted to £759,822 6s 6d, the liabilities to £640,906 8s 7d, the balance in favour of the assets being £118,916 2s lid. The amount of specie held was £417,875 13s 3d. The Yellow Fever was raging in Texas by the last Californian advices. Postal - Mr. Thomas Roadknight has been ap- pointed postmaster at Hamilton, vice Mr. Raven, resigned ; Mr. Charles Higgins to be postmaster at the Ouse, vice Mr. Stace, resigned. New York via Panama.-The Panama route, says a correspondent of the Alta California, as now managed, will soon be among the things that were. From the time one leaves the steamer at Panama until you reach New York, it is a succession of swindling and annoyance. Advise your friends, if necessity compels them to come this way, to bring at least 100 dol. in American coin for expenses - to resolve to be swindled - to be half starved - but particularly to avoid the City Hotel here. Imports and Exports. - One hundred and seventy bushels oats and 21 tons flour have been imported into Hobart Town since last customs' returns; no exports. 1839 bushels oats and 7496 do wheat have been exported from Launceston, and 103 tons flour imported. The Cost of Growing Weed«. - Each plant of common groundsel produces 2,030 seeds ; of dande- lion, 5700; of sow-thistle, 11,040; and of spurge 540; total, 16,360 plants springing from four weeds annually, which will cover just about three acres and a half of land, at three feet apart. To hoe land costs, say 6s. per acre, so that the allowing four such plants to produce their seed may involve an expense of a guinea. In other words, a man throws away 5s and 3d. of time as often as he neglects to bend his knee to pull up a young weed before it be able to fufil the first law of nature. Bank of Van Diemen's Land.-The total assets of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land on the 31st Decem ber last amounted to £137,518 6s. 6d ; the liabilities £330,534 8s. 6d. The excess of assets was therefore £166,983 18s. The amount of specie held by the Bank was £252,123 14s. 6d. . The Antelope.-This fine steamer may be ex- pected on the 13th (Friday), as she is to leave for Melbourne on the 17th, at four o'clock in the after- noon. The Wesleyan Missionary Meeting - The pro- ceedings of last evening are of somewhat unusual length, from which circumstance the report is deferred until to-morrow. St. David's Cathedral - We would again remind our readers of the adjourned Vestry Meeting which takes place at seven o'clock this evening, in the School- room, Harrington-street Audit Office, 74h January, 1854- Accounts for contingent expenses sent to the Colonial Treasury for payment between the 1st of the current month and this date:-T. & J. E. Risby, a boat, &c.; E.Hodges, allowance, &c.; ; The Inspector of Schools, travelling expenses ; O. H. Hedberg, oil ; Wilson & Hall, II & C. Best, M. A. Macdougall, J. Burnett, W. L. Goodwin, J. S. Waddell, J. Moore, news- papers; W. Sorell, E. Macdowell, witnesses' ex- penses ; J. Swain, brass plates &c.; ; H. Bridger, rent ; W. Graham, J. Harcourt, stores, The Immigration Agent, Hobart, J. Hobbs, repayment, &c.; ; The Con- tractors, -conveyance of mails, &c.; ; A. Campbell, repayment, &c.; ; M. Walters, repairs to boats ; M. Aitkin, W. T. Noyes, travelling expensas. Steam at The Sandwich Islands. - The steamer S. B. Wheeler, formerly running on the San Joaquín River, had left for the Sandwich Islands, where she is to be employed as a coaster. She carried twelve days' coal, and had her masts put up. Land in South Australia.-The total extent of freehold land acquired by purchase from the Crown since the first colonisation of the province is 995,000 acres. The quantitity sold has averaged 64,000 acres per annum during the five years ending with 1852. In 1853, the quantity sold was 204,933 acres; and the average price at auction was£1 11s. 81/4d. per acre. Upwards of 118,000 acres are now surveyed and open for selection ; of these, 82,000 have once been ex- posed to auction, and are therefore now for sale, without further competition, at £1 per acre. The extent of land surveyed in five years, ending in 1852, has been upwards of 57,000 acres per annum ; and the quantity surveyed in 1833 is 150,386 acres. The Timber Trade with California. - From the 1st January, 1852, to 26th October, 15,640,000 feet of lumber arrived in San Francisco from the Atlantic ports. During the first four months of the year 4,100,000 feet were used monthly; during the past four months twice as much, so that the average for the year, so far, has been 1,700,000 per month. The average for the entire year will be more. The lumber imported from the Atlantic is mostly clear white pine, for fine work, from half an inch to two inches in thickness, and yellow pine flooring, the latter being about one-fourth the whole amount is all planed. The white pine is worth from ?? dols, to ?? dols.; the yellow pine 70 'dols.' The lumber is principally sawn in Maine and Western New York Four-fifths of the amount imported are used \\\<¡, " about one-tenth is taken to the interior, and about one-tenth is used by the valleys on San Fr???? San Publo Bays. 