PANAMA STEAM ROUTE TO AUSTRALIA AND THE PACIFIC TRADE. ' {FromJheNcto York Merchant's Magazine for September.) THE increasing popularity of the Isthmus route for communication with Australia, both at home and in the colonies-the speed, safety, and rç . gularity with which the passages have already been made across the Pacific to South American ports, and the many failures and delays which have arisen on the Cape and Indian rothes all confirm the views we have ever entertained that the Panama line must eventually become the great highway from Europe and America to Australia and New Zealand, and stamp it as the one that ought certainly to be adopted for correspondence and gold, as well as for passengers and light freight. This route will tend to the greater encouragement of British enterprise, and the better protection of British interest in the Pacific and when the advantages of the line are fully developed, her Majesty's Government will doubtless see the necessity, upon public grounds, of making a reasonable grant or the conveyance of the Australian mails. Throughout the entire range of this route across the vast Pacific ocean, both going and returning, between Panama, New Zealand, and Sydney, fine weather, smooth seas, and a pleasant temperature almost everywhere prevail and the trade winds, generally speaking, blow with such gentle force and constant regularity, that the seaman acquainted with them is enabled, even at the present time, to shape his course from port to port with certainty and confidence ; thereby enabling him, even without the advantage of steam, to calculate upon his arrival with accuracy and precision. In estimating the advantages of establishing a line of steam communication to New South Wales, by the Panama route, the important point must not be overlooked, of its being a resource in the event of any interruption of our communication with India by the isthmus of Suez ; a point, indeed, which we consider ought to form matter of the highest consideration. The distance by this line is likewise an object. It is shorter than that by any of the others, being only 12,690 miles. The Legislature of New South Wales, on the 28th of August last year, carried by an unanimous vote of the Council, a public grant of £6000 to the first Company which shall bring Sydney within a course of post of one hundred and twenty days with London, and there is no doubt Panama will first claim the bonus. The gold discoveries on the shores of the Pacific coming upon us almost simultaneously with a great extension of our steam navigation to that quarter of the globe, have created a vast commercial traffic, and an emigration, or trade in labour, probably unparalleled in the history of the world. The tendency of commerce between two countries is always to equalize prices ; but the length of the voyage in sailing vessels, though a small impediment for goods traffic, is a serious one with passengers and emigrants. The vast steamships in preparation for the Australian and Pacific trade will remedy this difficulty, and the rapidity of communication, as well as its regularity, will almost bridge the ocean, and render Australia more accessible from this country than America was within the remembrance of the present generation. This combination of steam and gold promises to work a change of a most astounding character in all the countries of the Antipodes and those watered by the Pacific ocean. Already we hear of Chinese, by the thousands, emigrating to, and settling in, California, and as they come from a land more densely populated even than Ireland, and where the scramble for subsistence is almost equally great among the labouring classes, what may not be expected from such an unlimited source to supply a demand without limit for the labour of those who are desirous of working for the golden treasures. Thus there appears every indication of a large population, a vast tract of rapid communication springing up in a hitherto almost unoccupied region of the globe, the result of which, whether viewed in a natural or religious point of view, will have a most important bearing on the future history of the world. There is every probability of the Panama railroad being completed, as promised, by the end of the present year. A number of steam lines, in addition to those already in operation, will by that time converge at the Isthmus, and swell the tide of population already pouring over it. Aspinwall (Navy Bay) is at present the terminus of two lines of first-class steamers from New York ; one from New Orleans ; the new Cunard Line from Liverpool via New York ; the Royal Mail Steam Ship line direct from Southampton ; the new British line from New York via Savannah, Bermuda, and Jamaica. In addition to these, a French company, under the auspices of the Government, are building a number of steamers, to run between Southamp- ton and Aspinwall, to connect with other lines from Panama to Australia, making no less than nine lines of first-class steamers, centring on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus. From Panama now radiate a line of steamers to Valparaiso, two lines to San Francisco and two more are contemplated to Australia, making five in all. The Isthmus of Panama alone then, will, by the time the railroad is completed, be the converg- ing point of fourteen lines of steamers. Looking a little further north, we perceive already two lines-one from New York, another from New Orleans terminating at San Juan del Norte, and a third running from San Juan del Sur to San Francisco. Still further north we come to the Tehuantepec route, which is at last to be opened, and upon both sides of which a line of steamers will at an early day be put. And yet higher up, the pioneer steamer of a new line has made her first trip on the Mescala route, and another line on the Pacific side is promised to connect with it. Thus the narrow portion of the American continent is, or in a little while will be, the route over which will pour the immigration brought by twenty-one distinct lines of steamers. The London Athenum, in a late article upon this subject, declares that " the line from England to Australia, by way of the Cape of Good Hope, is fit only for convicts, midshipmen, and colonial office dispatches." How distasteful it is for those who live in the midst of electric telegraphs, express trains, and fast steamers, to find the longest line and the stormiest and most dangerous seas on the globe, selected for the Australian mail steamers to encounter, when a safe, direct, and easy route has long been pointed out to the English Government. Let us ask what available commercial communications are opened to New South Wales by the steamships adopting the Cape route ? Positively none ! But supposing that the route from Southampton to Chagres was performed by the "West Indian mail steamers, or the Direct Australian, and the distance from Panama to Sydney by another steam line, the scheme would comprehend widely spreading Atlantic and Pacific communications, and mails, treasure, merchandize, and passenger traffic, in which the following places would be included The United States of America, the British colonies of Jamaica, Demarara, Trinidad, Tobago, St. Vincent, Barbadoes, Grenada, St. Lucia, Dominica, Antigua, Montserrat, Nevis, St. Kitts, and Tot told ; the Danish islands St. Thomas and St. Croix; the French Antilles, Guadaloupe, Martinique, &c.; ; the colony of Cayenne, and Dutch Guiana ; Mexico, Mobile, Havannah, St. Jago de Cuba, Hayti, Bermuda, the Bahamas, Honduras, Porto Rico, San Juan del Sur, Nicaragua, Carthagena, Santa Martha, La Guayra, Chagres, Panama, the Pacific Ports of Chili, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, California, and Oregon, Tahiti, and New Zealand. This list will show how extensive and comprehensive is the field open for steam enterprise in connection with New South Wales and when compared with the unprofitable Cape route will exhibit the causes which now produce the vexatious and anomalous results of our first arrangements for steam communication with England. The Australasian Pacific Mail Steam Packet Company was provisionally registered in May last year ; its proposed capital being £250,000, 12,500 shares of £20 each, with a deposit of £2 per share. Calls have since been made, which have made the amount paid £12. It was announced with a strong provisional committee of twenty-four members, including four directors of the Royal Mail Steam-packet Company, four of the Pacific Steam Navigation Company, Mr. Willis the New Zealand ship owner, and several well known and influential merchants and others connected with Australia. This company proposes to conduct its operations by means of first-class iron vessels, maintaining a monthly communication between Panama and Sydney (touching at the Society Islands and New Zealand) in connection with the vessels of the Royal Mail Steam Company, the Pacific Steam Navigation Company, and the United States Mail Steam-packet Company running between California and Panama. The Australasian Pacific Company have now five screw steamers, from 1550 to 1660 tons, and of 300 horses auxiliary power respectively. The first of these, the Kangaroo, to be commanded by Captain Johnson, R.N., is expected to be ready for sea about the end of September. The others, the Emu, Messrs, Dinornis, and Black Swan, are approaching completion. Mr. Alexander Currie, one of the directors, left for Australia in April, to make the preliminary arrangements at Melbourne, Sydney, and New Zealand. At Panama the Company's business will be managed by the Pacific Steam Navigation Company, with whom an agreement has been entered into for that purpose. it 4s J .-* The vessels of this Company propose, we believe, to call at Auckland on their outward voyage, and return from Sydney through Cook's Straits, calling at Wellington or Nelson. The route on the map divides itself into four stages-the first from Milford Haven to Navy Bay, on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus of Panama The distance to be run is 4552 nautical miles ; the second, the passage across the Isthmus by tail to the town of Panama, on the Pacific side a distance of only forty-six miles ; the third, thence to Otaheite, one of the finest and most densely populated islands in those seas, distant 4448 miles and lastly, to Sydney or Melbourne (alternately), a further stage of about 3351 nautical miles ; I making a gross total from England to Australia I of 12,437 nautical miles. As the steamers on this line of route are specially favoured by the winds for three-fourths of the passage, the steamers, being properly marked, will be able to carry a press of canvas, which will not only accelerate their speed, but economise their fuel, and render the use of but two out of their four boilers necessary. By means of condensers fitted in the paddle-boxes of these boats, the Australian Direct Company expect to be able to obtain six tons of fresh water a day, a great convenience and comfort for passengers on a long voyage. As sources of profit, it may be stated that the traffic in specie and passengers, with light and valuable merchandise, by this route, is sure to be very great, if speed and regularity can be depended upon. As an instance, the Harbinger, the first of the General Screw Company's steamers, now on her way home, has shipped at Melbourne alone 112,747 ounces of gold, beside what she brings from Sydney, merely upon the reputation of a fair passage out of seventy-five days. When we consider that the produce of gold in Victoria alone, during the past year, was to the value of eighteen millions sterling, exclusive of that obtained in New South Wales, which forms a large addition to this amount that the number of passengers who came home by the expensive overland route, via India, and by the Cape of Good Hope, was very considerable ; that the colonies of Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and New Zealand will all be feeders to this line of steamers, besides the various Pacific ports of America, we obtain an idea of the prospects of return. In the first four months of 1853, the value of specie transmitted across the Isthmus from Peru and Chili, from the western coast of America, and from California, was nearly five millions sterling, beside what was shipped by men of war and other channels, and the passenger traffic by the same route and for the same period amounted to 10,568 persons, irrespective of those conveyed by the Nicaragua line. * M - * - The existing British and American lines of steamers, running north and south from Panama, which have been so remunerative to the shareholders, must all swell the traffic of this grand trunk line. The Pacific Steam Navigation Company of Liverpool, a British joint-stock association, running boats twice a month from Valparaiso to Panama, has paid 12 per cent, to its shareholders, and in July last divided 35s., with a further bonus of 18.14 ! on every £50 share. The profits realised by the proprietors of the American boats running from San Francisco to Panama are reported to have been exceedingly large. It is notorious that by that line Messrs. Howard and Aspinwall, in the few years since the discovery of the golden regions of California, have cleared immense fortunes and by the same means, and in the same time, Mr. Vanderbilt has been enabled to visit Europe with a party of friends, on a pleasure trip, in a magni- ' ficent steam yacht, of greater tonnage and more a superb fittings than any possessed by our European sovereigns. The steamers for San Juan and Chagres have frequently taken 500 passengers each from New York. The amount of bullion annually transported across the Isthmus exceeds seventy- two millions of dollars (nearly £15,000,000). The" average amount received monthly at Panama by the Royal British Mail Company's steamers, and which is derived chiefly from Chili and Peru, is about one million dollars extra. That brought from California by the United States Pacific Mail Company's and other steamers, is about five millions per month. This includes the shipments of bullion and gold dust for both the United States and the various ports of Europe. It is estimated that the goods shipped from the Atlantic ports, and conveyed across the Isthmus, average in value 500.00 dollars per month. These shipments are made from the United States, West Indies, Atlantic, South America, and various European ports. The amount of goods from the Pacific ports, across this route to the Atlantic, is comparatively small, and will probably continue so until the further improvement of the facilities of transportation, or the completion of the Panama Railroad. We have frequently hitherto (says the Panama Star, June 18th) called attention to the importance of the trade on this coast and it appears to us strange that a matter of so much interest to the commerce of Panama should have been so long neglected. It is gratifying to learn that at length the subject has met with some attention ; we are assured from a reliable source that a wealthy and well- known firm of this city has already ordered out a suitable steamer for the trade, with all possible dispatch. Hitherto, the trade of the interior and coast with Panama has been limited very materially, from the fact that no facilities of transportation have existed between the various points, beyond the slow and uncertain communication carried on by a few rotten old canoes, and ten or twelve miserably constructed and unsafe schooners. Notwithstanding this, it is astonishing how the traffic between this place and the ports within a hundred leagues of Panama has increased within the last three years, especially when it is borne in mind that the trade has always been left in the hands of the natives, who have neither the enterprize nor knowledge to extend it, even sufficiently to meet the actual necessities of the country. We know several persons engaged in this trade who have made large sums of money, and we are convinced, from personal experience, that if a steamer suited for the trade is placed upon the route, she will in a very short time return large profits to the owner. Within three hundred miles of Panama there are no less than eleven ports, all of which are doing a prosperous trade, and most of which would very soon under favourable circumstances, treble or quadruple their commerce. The majority of these ports, or the towns immediately connected with them, contain from three to four thousand inhabitants, and there are numerous villages in the neighbourhood which are also well populated, and which have no other market than Panama in which to dispose of their produce and cattle, or to procure their supplies. At the present time there are no vessels sufficiently large to convey cattle or lumber, thus preventing the possibility of opening a large number trade, which might otherwise be efficaciously carried on, and compell- ing the owners of cattle to send their large droves to this market overland, a distance of nearly five hundred miles, occasioning them considerable loss and detention, and rendering the animals almost unfit for use on their arrival here. The principal cargoes procurable along the coast consist of rice, sugar, salt, corn, coffee, sarsaparilla, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, dried beef, vegetables, hogs, mules, poultry, cattle, ice, besides which a large traffic might be carried on in lumber, hides, pearl shells, India rubber, dye woods, and other articles which abound along the coast, if enterpris- ing men, with capital, were to direct their attention to the business. The opening of a steam communication with the neighbouring coast is also a matter in which the Government should interest itself. The present mode of transporting mails by land, which now occupies ten or twelve days, might be done in one or two days, by steam, and thus give great facilities to the Government more especially during times of disturbances, for transporting troops or important despatches to various points along the coast. The projectors of the Australian Direct Steam Navigation Company state that the speed and regularity with which paddle-wheel steamers on the Cunard and Collins lines-have performed their passage across the turbulent seas of the North Atlantic, having established a conviction that this mode of propulsion is best calculated for long voyages at high velocity, it is proposed to employ paddle-wheel steamers of about 300 tons, with commensurate engine power, combining all the established improvements in reference to machinery, uniformity of size, proportions, and cabin accommoda- u. A The vessels will proceed at stated periods from Milford Haven to Aspinwall, on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus ; from whence passengers and cargo will be conveyed by railway to Panama on the Pacific side, and thence re-embarked for Australia, accomplishing the whole distance, to or from, in about 55 days. The directors, after the most deliberate consideration, have decided that Milford Haven, as the port of departure, promises advantages which few other ports can supply ; viz., the safest anchor- age, entrance and exit at all times, facilities of repair, supply of most suitable coals, and easy communication by rail with London, Manchester, and all the manufacturing districts. We do not know what the present views of the Australian Direct Company may be, but we think they will find it to their interest to coal at Jamaica, where they will meet with greater facilities, and experience less delays, than at Aspinwall, and the distance is run in 50 hours. The United States steamships find it useful to make Kingston their coaling station, and the run from New York to Jamaica is frequently accomplished in five days. No arrangements seem to have been made for touching at New Zealand by this company, but Auckland would form a most convenient port, and a necessary point for the transmission and dispatch of mails for those islands. On the Pacific coast the Americans have now thirty-seven ocean steamers, and thirteen ordinary steamers, whose aggregate tonnage is 34,986 tons-; of these, three are high pressure, and the others low pressure boats. The passengers conveyed by them in the year ending July 1, 1851, were 79,207. As we believe very little is known in this country of the American steamers engaged in this trade, we may furnish the following information : Of the American steamers sailing between New York and the West Indies, one of the most important communications between the former port and Havanna is established by the United States Steamship Company. By virtue of the law of Congress, contracting for carrying the mails, the steamers of this company are commanded by officers of the United States Navy, of the steamers of this line plying between New York and New Orleans, embracing the alternate voyages of those ships, the aggregate tonnage is £800. The steamship United States, in her trips from New York to Aspinwall, touches at Kingston, Jamaica. The Pacific Mail Steam Ship Company, which, in connection with the United States Mail Steamship Company, carries the American mails to California and Oregon, was established in 1848. It numbers at present 14 steamers, built at New York, with an aggregate of 15,53 tons. In the transportation of the mails, the United States Mail Steamship Company on the Atlantic side connects with the Pacific Company. This line, established in 1848, by Mr. Law, of New York, comprises nine ships now on the service, with one recently launched, and not yet placed on the line. They register in the aggregate 19,600 tons. The steamers of this line are dispatched from New York and New Orleans for Aspinwall twice a month. The Nicaragua Accessory Transit Company was established in 1850, by Mr. Vanderbilt, of New York, and he receives 20 per cent, of the profits of the company. This line, forming a communication between New York and San Juan del Norte on the Atlantic, and between San Juan del Sad and San Francisco on the Pacific, is composed of ten steamers, with an aggregate of 18,000 tons. Of these, two sail from New York twice a month for San Juan del Norte, and five are plying on the Pacific side. The New York and San Francisco Steam- ship Company comprises four steamers, with an aggregate of 7400 tons; the United States, 1500 tons, and another, the Winfield Scott, 2100 tons, and the Cortes, 1500 tons, plying between Panama and San Francisco. They are equally divided upon the Pacific and the Atlantic sides. All of these vessels were built in New York. The Empire City line was established in 1848, and is composed of three steamers, of an aggregate of 6800 tons. The Empire City and the Crescent City were the pioneers of this line, and were two of the first steamers engaged in the California trade. * From the foregoing estimate of the California steamships in connection with the port of New York, it will be seen that the number of steamers engaged in that trade is forty-one, including four ships of Law's Line, which were formerly engaged in the California trade, but which now run between New York, New Orleans, and Havannah, viz., the Empire City, Crescent City, Cherokee, and Falcon. The aggregate tonnage of these forty-one ships is 67,336. But this is not all there are ten American s learners plying between San Francisco and Stockton. There are ten also plying between San Francisco and Sacramento. The latter are for the most part of a larger size than those on the San Joaquin River, and make the trip of 120 miles in from seven to eight hours. In the elegance of their accommodations, and the luxuries of their larder, they might compare favourably with any passenger vessels in the world. There are ten other steamers plying from Sacramento to different places above that city. One year ago, there was but one steam- boat in Oregon, the Columbia ; now there are eleven steamboats of different kinds running in the Columbia and Willamette Rivers, not including the Pacific steamers, Sea Gull and Columbia, running between Oregon and California. At this rate of progress the United States will soon be mistress of the Pacific. American steamship lines will, in a few years, be running from San Francisco to Australia, China, and the East Indies. Several fine American steamers, crowded with passengers, have recently left San Francisco and Panama, for Australian ports. An extensive and remunerative trade is also now carried on between the Sandwich Islands and California. A monthly communication is at present kept up by the ships of the British Pacific Steam Navigation Company between Panama and Valparaiso touching at the intermediate Chilian, Bolivian, Peruvian, and New Granadian ports. According to the table of sailings approved by the Admiralty, these boats leave Panama on the 15th and 30th of every month, touching at Buenaventura, Payta, Callao, Islay, Arica, Co- says, Caldera, and Coquimbo, arriving at Valparaiso on the 1st and 16th of each month. The steamers stay at Valparaiso about six days, and then return by the same route to Panama, leaving Valparaiso on the 7th and 23rd of every month, and reaching Panama on the 4th and 19th. The stoppages of the packet at Callao are about four and a half days, both out and home, but at the other ports the stoppages are only from one to six hours, just sufficient to allow the embarking and disembarking of mails and passengers. The average speed of these packets, as required by the Admiralty, is 165 knots an hour. The company have recently added four new steamers to their line; the Santiago of 1000 tons, the Lima, the Quito and the Bogota, each of 1100 tons and 400 horse power. It is a very important circumstance that the days of arrival and departure of the British steamers to the South, and the United States mail to California and the Atlantic States, are not so arranged as to prevent the great delay (often ten or twelve days of the United States Southern mail that now takes place. The British Southern mail steamers arrive at Panama with the greatest punctuality on the 4th and 19th of every month, and if the days of sailing of the United States mail from Aspinwall were changed to the 7th and 22nd, the South American correspondence could invariably be forwarded. By a new arrangement of the British steamers one of their boats is to call at Guayaquil once a month. Slowly, yet surely, Panama progresses towards that high position which it is inevitably her destiny to fulfil. As the trade of the Pacific becomes every day more important as new markets are opened along its shores and among its islands, to the enterprise of the merchant and the producer, as the use of steam advances daily as an auxiliary to commerce-so rises the importance of Panama in the eyes of the world, and its value becomes every day more and more apparent. The wonderful discoveries of gold in California, and more lately still the abundance of that metal in Australia have directed the eyes of all mankind to the narrow isthmus that separates the two oceans, and forces the seaman to encounter the delays and dangers of a Cape Horn or a Cape of Good Hope passage. A ship canal must be the inevitable result of this increasing trade. The genius of the man of science, the money of the capitalist, the strong arm of the labourer, must combine and give the world this desideratum. In the meantime, the Panama Railroad will go far to remove difficulties and disadvantages that now exist and when it is completed, a few hours will bring the traveller from the Atlantic to the placid shore of the Pacific. An American company also, aware of the advantages to be derived by communication with Australia, via Panama, has projected a line of steamers to connect with that port, and on the 15th of this month the first boat, the Golden Age, leaves for Australia, and from thence sails for Panama. * # # # # # # But it is not only to Australia that the Panama route to the United States or Europe offers such great advantages. India, China, Japan, the rich islands of the Pacific Ocean, where vast fields of commercial enterprise lie as yet unopened, all these must be brought into immediate connection with the western world, by means of steam in the Pacific and the Isthmus of Panama. It is coming slowly, but, as we before said, surely. Nothing can prevent it-no opposition line can endanger it-no rival route can compare with it it is one of those inevitable destinies that, as far as human observation can penetrate into time, or man can venture to predict must occur and events every day tend more and more to confirm and develop it. Table of distances from various principal ports to points on the Isthmus and neighbouring places ;-- * ATLANTIC SIDE, Hiles. Liverpool to New York _ :. 3120 Southampton to St. Thomas' . 3660 St. Thomas' to Chagres.,. 1100 New York to Jamaica .,, .. .... 167 Chagres .,,.. 2100 Jamaica to Chagres at. 650 the Chiriqui Lagoon.,, 570 New York to Havanna. 1200 Havanna to New Orleans. 630 Vera Cruz. 310 St. Juan de Nicaragua, or Grey Town 900 Chagres to ditto ditto . 240 Milford Haven to Navy Bay. 4552 PACIFIC sIDE. St. Francisco to Panama. 3300 Canton to Panama . 9200 Panama to Sydney by New Zealand.,. 8000 Melbourne direct via Otaheite .... 7839 Panama to Otaheite. 4488 Otaheite to Sydney or Melbourne, about. 3361 New Zealand . 2400 New Zealand to Port Phillip, or Van Diemen's Land . 1600 