LOCAL INTELLIGENCE I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient Servant, WM ROBINSON PYE, See Pro. Tem. CONSULATES. —J. B, Were, Esq., previous to his departure from the colony for a time, his made the following temporary appointments, which appear in the Government Gazette’ :- Charles Moline, Esq., to represent him as Vice Consul and Consul-General of the nation Frederick William hiiwen, Esq,, Consul for Chili ; Hubert Kent, Esq,, Eoyal Danish Vice-Consul, Vice-Consul for Sweden and Norway, and Spanish Vice-Consul ; Frederick William Jamsen, JSsq,, Consul for Hamburg. Another Burglary —Between five p.m. on uosclaj an-i ten a.m. on Wednesday, the office and prem.scs of Messrs. Melkle and Tonks, (an iron store in Bonrke Street, west) were burglariously entered, by means of false or skeleton keys, as is supposed. Tile burglars stole and carried away an iron chest, over two feet square, thc contents of which are not at.present known. They also.broke open a writing desk, and stoic therefrom five gold watches and a draft for 262/. 10s. We understand, since the above was written, the safe, containing books, papers, ang drafts to the amount of 1200/., las been recovered, property to a.consi derable amount is, however, sidl missing, Appointments.—John Green Esq., and Graham Webster, Esq,, are appointed Magistrates for the colony of-Victoria and its dependencies. Dr. Richard I'oul is appointed a member of the Immigration Board. South Melbourne. — At an adjourned meet ing of the citizens of La Trobe Ward, held at the Mechanics Institution, on Monday evening Inst, resolutions against the proposed severance of the Port of Melbourne from the city jurisdiction were unanimously agreed to. Welsh Meeting.—A meeting of natives of Wales was held last Monday evening, ant which it was stated, their petition to the Legislative Council for assistance to settle in Gipp’s Land, was not likely to meet with Government support. It was agreed to form a land society to assist the settle ment of their countrymen in the colony. Citv Council. —The Council held their first meeting in the new chamber on Monday last, Amongst other business transacted, was the adop tion of the report of the Public Works Committee. No. 26, recommending the following further ap propriations for public works, viz Labour at the quarry stockade, 2000/. ; repairs to metalled streets, 1000/.; formation of private lanes, 1000l repairs to unformed streets. 500 A report ft* >rn the Finance Committee announced that tile half million loan from the Legislative Council was offered to them for immediate disposal. Councillor J, M. Smith expressed his opinion that the Council was not a fit body to have the expenditure of so large a sum of money, and moved that a call of the whole Council should be made to consider tho .question, which was rejected by a majority. Councillor J M, Smith moved that a financial statement of the Council's position he made out, which was agieed to. It was also moved by tho same active Councillor that a statement of. the several works required to be done in the city before the ensuing winter, be rendered, along with an estimate of the cost of each work. Some other business was transacted, and the Council ad journed. Directory. —We have i-ec Directory, composed by Mr. Jo-c- ph Butiei fie d, and published by James 13 timicll anil Cos. It is oe’tainly ihc most C(>m;di-te thine of (lie kind that .ns yet appeo-eu. In add moo to ill- novel features of a commercial directory, k presents ilie singular one of ed(bracing the stations of tbs various squatters within the colouo. Ji is accompanied also by a plan of the city and Collinswood. INTERVIEW BETWEEN HlS EXCELLENCY THE LIEUT- Governor and the Deputation from the Sand ridge and Emerald Hill Local Committee, —The Committee consisted of Messrs. Liardet, Vines, Hayes, Hancock, Ross, and their secretary, Mr. Kennedy, His Excellency received the deputation with marked courtesy, and seemed much pleased with the object of their mission. He entered at some length into various projects the Legislature had already entertained for the interests of Sandridge and Emerald Hill, His Excellency was earnest in his inquires on manv points as to the advantages the Deputation hoped to obtain by their proposed local government. His Excellency observed that he could not promise that every item of the plan proposed shouId be carried out, but more more practical information thought it plausible they (the deputation) should see the Colonial Secretary, whom he would request to receive them. He thought these localities two of the most impor - tant places in Victoria and assured the deputation that they had not been lost sight of by Government, nor should they be overlooked. The Legislature fully intended to complete the main road from Meinourne to the Beach as soon as possible, and to improve the Pier. As to the opening of the Sandridge lagoon as a dock and harbor or canal His Excellency thought it a most desirable project, if it could be accomplished, but for the pre. sent he could not enter into the practicability of the scheme for want of sufficient information. The deputation next proceeded to the office of the Colo nial Secretary, who received them with equal courtesy. He observed that Government had already anticipated nearly all the dep- utation solicited, viz., a representation in the Legislative Assembly for Sandridge and Emerald Hill; and a separate municipality for the local government of both places, and environs south of the Yarra. On Mr. Vines calling the Colonial Secretary’s attention to an assesment having just been made on the property at Sand ridge,he said that if such were the case,all money collected in the shape of taxation would be either returned to them (the ass essed) for the local requirements of the place. Mr. Vines then mooted another question on cabbage gardens,and asked if Government would lease any land for such purpose? . The Colonial Secretary re plied that Government had always quite difficult in entertaining such applications in any locality so.near to Melbourne. For his own part, he thought it far better suited for and dock, railways, canals, and other public improvements than for cabbage gardens.— From the ‘Australian News.* Lands open you Sbt.ec nos —Special country lots in the parish ol Parwati, and one country Jot in the parish of Kcrlienporriiiull, exposed for sale on the llih February at Geelong, lire nperi to selection, the nrL'inal put chasers having (otf hod thcor (top >- sit money. Port ok Warrnambool,— This port is proclaimed port of entry and clearance-. " ' PR AIIH AN. Tho following lector Ims been addressed to the President of tlto Central Riad Board of the Colony of Viet -r.a, on bebalfoftbe, inhabitants of Prnbrant . 30, .Flinders Lano.ea^t. Melbourne, 30 n March, 18SA. fStn.—At a meeting of the landholders and other inhabitants o( Prahrnn. convened nypoblic adver tisement, and held within the Balmoral Arms I ;n, Prahran, on Tuesday. tho ,28th instant—Richard Chowley, E-q., in the char—it was proposed and. carr .and unanimously,"that a communication should be ad trussed to y-m as.Presidont of the Road Board, praying that you should recommend to Ills Exccl loncythe Lieutenant-Governor that tPrahran should b- tunned -into a Local Road Histr’et, with the fol lowing, or such other boundaries as .you may con sider proper, viz. ; Gn the West—The Punt Road. Op the North The Gardener's Creek‘Road. On ibe Sou'h—Tim Great Dandcriong Road. On the blast—The Road running from.Gardener's Cr- ok.Road to tho Main Raid running cast of Mrs. Chomley’s. And I 35 Seore'ary pro (cm, to tho said Meeting was requested;to make such communication, which I now beg respectfully in do. Ibo Committee, which waited upon you some time ago, having dully explained the. suite of (bo; roads, as well as the wi-hos of the inhabitants on the subject, it only remain-* for mo, respectfully, to nqu-st that no unnecessary d-diy may take place, ,0 that tho roads; which arc now impassable, in iy be put into repa r before tli * com in.; w.ntor. 