THE DANUBE. "(Evens the Special Corespondent of the JUhmtstg] < Chronicle.) ' . i '" ' 'a Silistria, .Tutv'8.*'*'I I have just come to Silvtrin, and examined the works of the fortress, and the batteries and trenches which the IliusiauB raised against them. The first impression on my mind was, and the chief impression still is one of extreme wonder How Was it possible that Such a place could resist, even for a couple weeks, the assaults of a large stud well disciplined army of 80,000 men ? And ' BOW that the Turks have held out In Silistria, lead actually beaten the Ilusslsnseif its walls, there was no say in, what armies of theirs would boroughs 'ted to besiege and reduce Varna, which, iliougMiy Bo means a strong place, iii at least much stronger than Silistria, with its simple wall and its half (dozens of entrenched batteries, almost the whole of which are commanded by the heights surrounding the 'town The Turks have made of Silistria what the E European engineers never intended it to be-a place of great strength, fit to repulse the attacks of divisions: of infantry, and to defy (the destructive powers of numerous batteries of an army is strength. Now this was done-would j 'pursue the most scientific of us; and puzzle it would, porliaps",'tlio most scientific more than , Empires, who leave more faith in bold hearts and (Strong hands tVnh In parallel lines, batteries, and tain e. 1 ' to ' I will mention a few of the facts, such as I saw them with my 'rifle,. eyes, and as they were told to me by {ru5(\\*,orthy eyewitnesses of the events. To' lakè^Silistrln, a third-rate fortress, the Russians oystering on the w! one SO 000 men on either bank of the Danube, lay two race iths before, the place, and bombarded the forts sa for thirty-nine days. in the course of that time they threw 30,000 shot and shells. They had sixteen batteries on the islands of the Danube, commanding the waterside, the weakest fall the MCI I- points of Silistria; They stormed almost every other day with large storming columns of sixteen battalions, and always had fresh trial ips into the fire, while the besieged had to repel those attacks with the same troops fiat fought and bled in the previous encounter?. And for all that, at the end of thirty-fifth days, the Russians, after having two of their-genci,ds. killed and one wounded, were compelled (cr raise the siege, without having gained possession of a single gun without having established threw selves, even for a day, in any one of the cu treiichinints-aud without carrying off a basket even from that Arab Table against which their a'ib'favnults had been directed. , The Arab Table is a mere sandhill one tribe urges, surrounded by a small ditch, an 1 crowned; batteries, and there was hardly a day when more of the two guns were being worked in the Arab Tribes. The gallant defenders of this entrench- ment Turkish artillerymen fanned by the school i of General Kntdikowski and Captain Wendt, supported by Arnouts and Arab sbarjKiioolers, field but to the last, amidst on Incessant shower of shells, balls, and bullets, which literally i rained down upon them. The troops that have no space to move in the Table and the small "ditch at its left flank, lay in holes which they had dug into the earth, waiting until their turn came to advance and b. labor the Rus altars. The artillery of the Table did good exo , (ration, especially when, loaded with grape and a canister, it poured its contents at a deadly veil , ally into the ranks of the storming columns. But what chiefly arrested the progress of these columns was the incoMant and well-aimed mus , kerry fire which the Arnouts and Al aba kept up from the battery and their ditch. They singled out the efficient-, and thus spread consternation among the ranks of the Russians. Still the enemy forced their way more than once into the, battery and the ditch, but on each occasion the 'Arabs and Arneuts, returning to the charge, ex died them again, and even pursued them into our own trenches. ,, The town of Silistria itself, exposed to the fire from the Russian batteries, is in a lamentable -condition. Then is scarcely a house he has had a shell through its roof, or a couple of round balls having split its sides, on I forced their way through and through. The mosquito and public buildings are in part unroofed; the church which the Emperor Nicholas built for the christians of Silistria, has been burnt by his own artillery. The streets are full of large holes, where the bombs forced their way into the ground, and the pavement is torn up and the stones Strewed about with the explosions. Of 1 course, the in habitants of the town were not safe in their lath and plaster houses, which were about the worst places they could be in. They dug holes in their gardens and yards, . covered them with rafters and stayers of earth, and there they lived an extemporised nation of troglodytes, and quaking with fear at night when the bombs and rockets illumined the e j, and the shells fell and burst in every direction around them. . Considering the heaviness and frequency of the Russian fire, the list of eventualities is very small. The besieged had £00 killed on the spot, and OSO wounded. A great many of the wounded died after ords, for all the wounds, especially those from the conical! balls of the Mmfe rifles, were very severe. No account could be kept of slight casualties, as the men never gave In, are sorted their wounds, if they could by any means { seen on their legs. ' ' pell the! The Russian losses of mr more severe, and on a moderate computation have been estimated at 1 13,000. They lost two general*-Selwan, who was killed in an assault, and Schiller, who died after wounds he received. Prince Gortschakoff himself was wounded whether dangerously or not is not known in S list is. The reports of the spies on His Serene Highness. condition were confused and contradictory. The Russians had made about twelve miles of lines and trenches round the town, in which they .«ista'ill«hed their batteries, and collected their forces previous to the assault. All the trenches are deep, large, and comfortable, with broad Steps, leading up, cut in the flanks. The highest credit is due to the Russian engineers for the solidity, end, I might almost say, the finish of their earthworks. Vaults, with divers, made of earth, were dug out at the most interesting spots, to serve as resting-places' for the generals on their rounds through the trenches. The last graves dug in the hurry of departure are close by, and, from their extent, show that the losses in the last days of the siege must have been severe. The last of the dead were buried with great carelessness. I saw arms and legs sticking out of the graves, and actually lying on them. The earlier graves of the Hus- sions near their chief camp, show that the former burials were conducted with more care and decency. The graves are well covered with earth, and no traces of defunct mortality remain, The camp itself must have been splendid. The Russians have done there what they never, by any chance, do in their own country they have dug wells and made roads, and excellent roads too. The deals of the general must have been perfect palaces, the traces on the ground give such Indications of abuse and roominess. I was particularly interested in the spot where the tent of M. de Kotzebue, the diplomatic agent, alias the chief of the police, had been standing, A large hole in the ground must have been need as a paper basket ; it was full of memoranda, letter covers, and intercepted letters. Among the latter was one which a few Danubian boatmen, who had been kidnapped by the ItUddiauH, addressed to their friends at home. It is pithy and pointed "Of the war we would fain tell by so, but dare not. But this we will say the above clubs have shot round about SUUtria for the Jukt threw weeks past, but have gotten nought of the same, The same is a heavy fortress." This is the history of the siege. FRANCE. (From the 0>rrrspoii</ea< of the Daily Xtrf.) Paris', August 2nd. The constitutional revolution in Kialla is now to all appearance brought to a happy issue, and that long distracted country may fairly be con* gratulated on having shaken off the yoke of s despotic and corrupt government, and laid promising foundations of future freedom, at a minimum cost of blood. That national watch word, " Liberty, Public Order," prescribed in france. is now triumphant in Spain. The event is well timed, and may have an immense influence upon, the affairs of the wilful ' At a moment when the fear of change perplexes monarchs, said the Immense success of the Paris coup effect of IBU has excited the envy of would be despots throughout Europe, it is well that an example of a diametrically opposite kind should occur, to restore the wavering faith of the believers in constitutional government. For years the Spanish constitution has been a dead letter. Successive ministries, each surpassing its predecessor in rceklcM inlimrislan of popular rights, had cut off, one by one, nearly all the blood bought liberties of the people, for the last three years the advisers of the sovereign have cherished the precedent of the massa ire of the Boulevard Montmartre, have put their trust in military force alone, dreamt only of COMM rains, and continually conspired to abolish Vi .ï,r,u woN it is suliKtaueu the rigid off the Spanish people to govern themselves. Now it has turned out, that the mere shred of a conUltullon, left by the enemies or all cou stitutions, has saved the monarchy uiulpresirvud Spain from civil war. If, as in France in the present moment, minister had been but (fully responsible to the Crown alone the liinolilniiry of state had been so constructed us to assume that perpetual wisdom and unswerving virtue were attributes of the sovereign, the people of Madrid, while proclaiming the nvtlilittfiu-«1« of that theory from the heights of their triumphal barricades, must" necessarily have deposed the pretender to such god-like characteristics, Cut,' Spotty, the Spanish people understood the true theory of a Um i ted monarchy, the only theory compatible with the Indefeasible 'rights of mankind. They wisely resolved that the personal delinquencies of Isabella II.' should not deprive the nation of the benefit of that stable form of government of which her name might be made the symbol They separated the woman from the Queen, respectfully drew a veil over her private ways, and confident in the power to limit the abuse of her lawful authority, cried " Long live the Queen !" Thus Hcr-Miijcaty was enabled to confess in a proclamation that the truth had been kept from the throne, and to con- secrate under the royal hand all the leading maxims which the French government journals daily prescribe as inconsistent with the " principle of authority." The press is free, foreign journals are admitted without censure, of national guard is instituted ; ' national and municipal liberty is promised, and a freely elected parliament is to assemble with the fullest count its annual powers. May success attend this experi- ment! The new Ministry is, in a certain sense, a Ministry of coalition-certain leading members of the moderate party being associated with advanced liberals, called progressives, and the personal friends of Espartero. The only two men of note in the Ministry, besides Espartero, himself, are O'Donnell and Port Joaquim Pacheco. O'DnnnoIl, as Miniitor-oMVar, will perhaps be considered as having more power than Espartero himself; and, although a continue 1 good under standing bear on them is very much to be wished, many people doubt whether it can be expected to last long. The revolution having been mainly effected by the army, O'Donnell cannot be said to have renounced his pretensions to lead it, since while consenting can minister to be sub ordinates to Espartero, he is still at the head of the army. M. Pac'ieco, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, was premier for a short time in 18 it, and it was during his administration that the successful expedition to Portugal ugaiustDas Autumn insurrection was sent, under the orders of General Concha. His appointment may lia con ordered an indication that the two brothers of that name will give their influential support to the pros- nt ministry. Pacheco belonged to. the party nicknamed the PuriCius, or, more properly speaking, the Paris, in consequence of their pretensions to political virtue. I have reason, however, to believe that the new' ministry is really composed of honest men. The Minister of Marine, General Allende y Salazar, Is the side de camp of Espartero who was sent J'io other day to submit the Duke of Vic- tory's conditions to the Queen, Kb«been very much remarked to-diy-oja symptom that the French Government has no reason to he satisfied with the altitude of an travelling the programme of the fate of the 10th August, published in the Albuitrur," announces that emblematic balloons are to ascend from the Champ de Mars, representing France, England, nmfTdiSey, but no mention is made of Austria, which certainly was intended to have been as Îircfontcdby a balloon on this occasion, as an brined you several days ago. Straws show which way the wind blows. a. TUB BALTIC. ' ( trola the Corrsmomltai of the Morning Chronicle.) "" as"- ' Copenhagen, July 28. It is supposed that a new request for the co operation of Sweden Norway has been made. The special commUaarlrs who have been sent to Stockholm for that purpose have had an audience of King Oscar. The conditions offered are not known, but they may be easily guessed money subsidies, the garrisoning of the Aland Isles by the Allies, and the eventual restoration of Fin- land. Several new transports, with troops for the Baltic have reached Elsinore. Admiral Corry has left Copenhagen for England. It is hoped that the gallant admiral will not be long absent from his post, as his efficiency and experience are soon to every one. The King of Denmark feel, daily more and more the trailing yoke imposed upon him by his Kiisnon Ministry, and has lately 'renou eel his offer to resign his crop u. The ministers were silent. Various plans are in agitation by the ministry for the abolition of the constitution, but as yet no agreement has been come to. The people are not idle spectators. Violence will be met D'S it deserve;. More peaceful intrigue will at once he rejected by the jtarHomi-iit. The position of things here is most painful and unnatural, and the expense of the pro-Boers- armaments is enormous. July 29. The ministry have now hatched their egg. The proposed nholc-ttote organisation whoso olidrucUr is such that they are afraid of submitting it to the Danish parliaments to be and before an assembly of notables from the whole monarchy, nominated by the ministry itself, If It passes this assembly, the new "Consul lion" will be in full force in the duchies. and provisionally so In Denmark Proper, whose parliament will then have to work in full and open opposition to the European Towers, who have dictated and support all this illegality and Insolence, to the duchies, M represented by their officials and chambers, and to the Ministry and their myrmidons in Denmark Proper. Hut the Danish Parliament will doubtless. do its duty, and throw the proposed plan out of the window. ITALY. Turin, July 30. On Sunday last, the lord Instant, an insurance Rotary movement took place at Parma. The fighting lasted for some hours between the roo us, both Parmesan told Austrian, and the populace williams lntlieirhend*.Ther!otersbegan by murdering some of the officers. This sanguinary outbreak is, in fact, no more than a repetition of the criminal and foolish attempt of Milan, of the 6th of February, 1883. The promoters are the same-that is to say, the Mocainiuns. A. few deluded young men and bloodthirsty ruffians have been, as usual, the instruments, For several days previous to HVunlny but it had been rumored that something was about to occur in the duchies of Parma and Modena, and a recent pamphlet of M. Mtctilnl, entitled, "Del dovers dAire as Part i to Xailonale," gave additional evidence to this so report a The. sequel has proved that these rumors were far from being unfounded. It appears also' that on the very day OF which the insured tion at Penna took place, an attempt was made by a kind of refugees to land at Mlawa (in the Duchy of Modena!, but that the boat in which they were embarked went to the bottom. The Sardinian police upon the frontiers near La Mucra snA Stradella were on the alert, and not a single suspicious character was allowed to cross. The gendarmerie were so well prepared, that when Prince Ourlgnan, in the course of last week, went to the Gulf of Spezia, to assist at the laying down of the submarine cable to Corsica, tile gendarmerie, hearing shots fired, and perceiving at a distance a crowd of people, rushed down to the sea-shore, fancying that on six lairrectlounry band lied effected a landing. They were much astonished on finding Prince Cn Dignan, General Lamennrm. Minister of War,. the French and British MluMors, and many other persons of the same standing ; but the Minister of War, of course, highly commended this seal. The pamphlet of M. Ifaxxlnl, to which I liar alluded, Is even below what M, Maindul himself has written up to this time. In the Mime empty words, without any practical wise, if. Mnnxliil states that the Italians are masters of the Apen- nines, of the Valley of the Alps, of Friull, tenants that they ought to expel the Austrians. He remarks that of the £10,000 Austrian soldiers quartered in the I,oinbnrilo-Ventt'nn provinces, only 71,000 are available; 26.000 are Hungarians, and these will unquestionably Join the National party and that the remaining fcO.OOo are a matter of India service to Italian valor. The moment for action now Is rome. Italy inset rise to a man! M. Maasinlhas succeeded in adding another mischievous and miserable attempt to the previous fatal attempts of Savoy, of Valle delusive, of Milan as. The Austrians have not failed to avail them- selves of the opportunity afforded them by the Incurable insanity of the Maaalnlans, and they are moving on its ma from Mantua, Verona, and Places. Several executions have taken places already. I am bound to add that all the information and all the late M from Parma describe the deep disgust with which the population bah witnessed this outbreak. The MlnHeni of the Duchess It i gent are, above all, honest men, and the Government is very popular. . , Kiirnors were in circulation yesterday and the day before of similar attempts having, been made I rl'Jillian and Domela; but up to this moment nothing of the kind has, (hank Gud occurred. The sub marine cable has been safely carried across the news, from Santa Croce (near Spezia and Sarsuiia) to Cape CAse, in the island of Corsica. After having successfully reached Cope Corso, Mr. Brett proceeded at once to the Strait. of Bonifacio, to complete (the (second, portion of this most interesting enterprise, Mr., Best is expected has shortly. P. sizes The cholera has broken out at Qeaoaj amongst the lower raid mere unhealthy portion of the population. At Naples, likewise, lids dreaded scourge has broken through the important barrier erected by the king, ? . GHIsKOR. (From (As Corwnor«/--.» of the Morning The cholera, which, while regina- In Coroner's \- J -and". -A O i.sl\f different intervals of time, but never yet visited Morocco, has within the last week broken out with great violence at the Piraeus The French steamer from Mirse]llcsron board of which seamen had died of cholera, after having landed M. Movro-v Cordato and his son at Malta, continued its route to the Phases, where the troops on board were to be disembarked ; hut, ria arriving in the port, the Greek authorities positively refused to allow the troops to land-not, however, without great discussions with the French admiral, who would not hear of the troops' being kept on board. He was at last, however, preval 'coupon to consent, and the steamer arter remaining twenty-four hours in the port, was sent on to Gallipoli, after having disembarked only some horses destined for the Pineus,'bnt1 not. without' having, as we are positively assured, plagued security four' cholera patients, who were taken to the French Hospital, About a week after on the 18th July the greatest alarm was created In the virus by two fatal cases of cholera, in what is called the Uydrlnte quarter of the town, quite close to the French camp. A commission of medical men was immediately sent from Athens, presided over by the Minister of the Interior' to investigate the causes, and the French physician being 'then formerly called upon to report the storms of health in the camp, acknowledged that the cholera had been in the liospltilfors»vcral day:, and that the mortality was very great. Since then this fearful malady has rapidly increased. The night before last, out of thirty cholera nation's in the French who mica!, twenty-four died, and, in Addi- tion, a poor hydrate woman, with her daughter and grandchild. As yet, the English have been in perfect health, which is attributed to the much greater care taken of their health, food, and lodging. The Ministry have attempted to take the necessary measures for isolating the Press, and at least preventing the cholera from spreading to Athens, but unfortunately they meet with the most determined opposition on the part of the French general, who will not hear, of the Pirams being put in quarantine. M Mavrocordato arrived yesterday, landing at Phalcrum Hay to avoid the Parsons. Soon' after his arrival he went to the palace, where he remained five hours, but the result of his audience has not yet been made public. Everyone waits with the greatest anxiety to see what line of conduct he still adopt. '' P.S -I have just heard that four English soldiers died last night of cholera, as well as a whole Greek family father, mother, and daugh- ter-in the space of twelve bomb. The Catholic priest at the Piraeus is also one of the victims. TURKEY. From the Correspondent of the iTorump Clirotilile.) Constantinople, July 20." ' With the exception of the fears of the chaos, which have become very general, and the very great heat, there is little of interest to report from Constantinople. All those who possibly can, seek' cool breezes on the banks of the Hosphonu. You will no doubt already have heard of the death of General Ney (Due d'Klchingen), one of the youngest generals In the French army, and second son, of the celebrated Marshal Ney. He died last Wednesday at Gallipoli, of cholera. On board almost every steamer that an lives from France ten or twelve cases. of cholera have occurred, and the ships are consequently put into strict quarantine. At Gallina i I regret to say that it is shewing itself very severely amongst the French troops, Several cases have also occurred at the barracks occupied at Constantinople by the French, which are situated at Bands Tchiflik and Dead Pacha, about one mile distant from the gate of Top Kanon. Constantinople itself, and Paris and Galata, the Christian suburbs, have not as yet been visited by the malady and it is to be hoped therefore that it will not spread, as should it gain the pestilential and narrow lanes of this city, it is to be feared that it will prove most dis across. THE UNITED STATES. (From the Correspondent of tin Homing Chronicle.) Philadelphia, July 22 At length the Senate has passed the Homestead Bill, notes originally introduced, but in the form of arbitrate. proposed by Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, According to the more important sections of the measure, pre-emption rights to lands are extended to actual settlers, the came to be paid! for at graduated prices, from twenty-five courses one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre and there is nothing in the provisions of the bill excluding European immigrants from settlement and pre-emption, even prior to naturalisation. This measure, will douMlcm pass the House, and it is understood that President Pierce is willing to sign it. One groaleflcct of the hill will begin immense emigration from the old States and Europe into the new territories of the West. A formidable fishery difficulty has broken out In a. new quarter namely, in the North Pacific, and between the United States and Russia. It appears that, a few months ago, the Russian General Saw ska, claiming a far greater extent of fishery rights than the United States has over been willing to admit, and against which the United States has protested, gave- notion that all vessels not Russian fishing within said limits, would be captured, and only released on paying a Ana of 8000 dollars. An American visited has been voiced accordingly, and taken into the Rus- sian port of Sitka. It will be curious to scowling the fenian (Government organ), with the Russian proclivities, will publish in relation to this new lfncnKy. There is now an increased probability of the ratification of the Fishery and Reciprocity Treaty between the United States and the colo, nice. We learn also that a treaty is nearly concluded between Mr. Gregg, United States coin murderer, and the Government of the Sandwich Islands, for the annexation of the latter to this Republic-and that the only difficulty to be surmounted is, " whither the islands shall be admitted as a territory or a state." The details are unknown to the public. But the great meal anticipated, by way of satisfying the omnivorous appetite of annexation, Is Cuba-still Cuba-and the recent troubles in Spain have revived the hopes of the Auncxatioaists wonderfully. Merm while the filibusters are also on the qui A give three or four strong companies having been recently formed in Kentucky. When the last steamer sailed a on had notices of the steamship Franklin, from Southampton to Havre, being ashore near Montauk, Long Island. The mishap created but little notice at first, as it was thought she would be got off at the next high tide. Not so, however. A heavy surf has < drifted her further ashore ¡ she has twelve feet of water in her hold, and a sand-bar has formed oolsidoofhev. All the passengers and most of the cargo are saved, but it is feared the ship will prove a loss. She is funny). Cholera prevails mm or less all over the Union. It sweeps of" its victims I) thousands. Washington, July 18. The reciprocity treaty has been given to the country and to the world before his time-; and the seem treaty has not awaited official nor legal promulgation. ; Our Treaty with Japan is sure enough ? treaty a but where are its (immediate benefits? That is ended and very limited empire has either agriculture or manufactures producing anything he yard tile consumption of its own people I and I can learn from no source that any very profitable interchange of commodities is likely tenderest any early period TheJupunoscare not slow toliam, however; and It may be that before the revolu- tion of a decade we shall have tuuglitlliein much, and perhaps decimated their population with the celerity that has attended our demoralisation and destruction of the aborigines of this country, the Sandwich Islanders, and all who have learned Industry morality To go send, and temperance In particular, from the proud Anglo-Saxon of the United States. COLONIAL!- APPOINTMENTS. (From the Times, Atitput Uli.) S A The case of the Hon P. C. Lawley turns) out to be a mire'renaltlun of the case of Mr. Stonor In. both cases there is the want of positive fitness and the presence of actual disqualification. With regard to the former, there is the same sense in both cases, viz, the impossibility of getting men who really are qualified for colonial service and ready to accept it. With regard to the latter, there is the Mimi admission of absolute ignorance on the part of Hip clauses. The neighboring colonies of Victoria and South Australia will keep that a judge has been appointed to the Sea reme Court of the former who had never sat on a seat of juries, and who had compromised himself by corrupt promises to electors ¡ while very soon after a Gov entertains been appointed to the latter colony, in his twenty-ninth year, utterly now to outer, and rather too well known for his dealings on the turf and the Stock Exchange. The thing had gone very for in both cases a Mr. Stonor probably crossing the Line just about the time when he was discussed in the Commons and his appointment cancelled, and Mr. Lawley having given up his seal fur Hevirlov. The colonies must be flattered both by the general repugnance to their variety aliens by Englishmen who have anything else to look to, and by the sort of men that we think good enough for their highest prices, They will naturally begin to oonaldcrwltothortliocolotiloacantiot do for themselves as well us we can do for them. Possibly they will suspect us of giving up penal -transportation in one form only to take it up In another. For our part, we think it rather hard on this country that it should incur the luiimtuUon either that It limits the colonies I will bad men or that It really cannot find good 1 ones, Under this feeling we will do what we can to repudiate u this appointment, In behalf of ourselves .¿T^ñsVicnuS and Englishmen in general.,.. 60 we will ask, with Sir John Pakington. who Is Mr. F. C. Lawley, and why should he be suddenly made Governor of a rising colony on the other side of the world? The. question is very easily answered, seeing that the type of the man is by no means uncommon Indeed, if this were in proper appointment, there ought to be no difficulty in finding governors, as well as a due proportion of minor officials, not merely for fifty colonies, but for five thousand, if we had them. " " Mr. Lawley is a young gentleman of good family, good appearance, good address, good' talents, popular manners, and-every qualification' for London society, he took a second class' at Oxford six years since, and thereupon received the additional testimony to his merits implied in an All Souls Fellowship and a seat for Beverley. A still greater distinction awaited him, for he soon after became private secretary to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and had all the world before him. This was a rather rapid rise, and had Mr. Lawley been content with his employ ments, content with his fortune, and content with his sphere, he might in course of time have" stood in his m sister's place, Mr. Lawley, however, it now appeal?, showed an early predilection for the turf, he had horses, he made bets, and was not successful. This last point imut,bp set' to his credit, for it is said that unless a man' has almost preternatural intelligence, he must lose' money on the turf, or win it dishonestly. Now, whether a connexion with the turf is discreditable or not is a vexed question. Sir George Grey says he thinks it a recommendation rather than otherwise, and by way of on argumentum ad hominem he refers to thecascaof Lord Derby, LordEgliiitoiin, and Lord George Bentinck. He need not have travelled indeed beyond his own colleagues for examples. He thinks it, however, necessary to observe that Mr. Lilley's dealings on the turf were when he was a " young man, seeing that he is no longer young, being eight-and- twenty. But it shortly transpires, or rather, having been known to all the world some time since, it now reaches the cars of Sir. Lawley's own master, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, his virtual patron" the Duke of Newcastle, and his actual Patron, Sir George Grey, that besides his doings 011 the turf, and probably to repair' them, this young gentleman 0 beg his pardon, tills gentleman no longer young tried his hand at the funds, and has made rather a mess of it. A question has arisen whether he used his official knowledge in his ally speculations. The question is a curious, but not a very wleoonc*-ami the answer given by Mr. Lawley and his friends is still more eat less and still less w ibc. livery man who speculates in the funds must use all li Li knowledge, whether private or public, for he- cannot possibly ignore any part of it. he may tell more or less of what he knows to another, but he cannot tell more or less of what he knows to himself, and, if he believes in his official capacity that it is judicious to sell stock, he will not buy stock because he sees reasons for doing to in his public capacity. In fact, this distinction of using private knowledge is quite beside the purpose, the- rule the rule of common sense as well as ol'office-being that nobody holding a ministerial place shall speculate in the funds. So the question is not a very wise one. Mr. Lawley's answer is that he speculated, but lost. If that proves anything at all, it must prove that he did use his private information, for that is the surest way to lose. Every body knows the story of Alderman Beckford speculating twice on private information received from Lord Chatham, and losing so heavily, that when he was offered private informations third time he begged to decline it, us having had too much of it already. Moreover, as Mr. Gladstone's financial schemes were intended to raise the market, and did not succeed In doing so, it follows that Mr, Lawley must at least have shared his master's expectations so far, that while one was operating for a rise on public grounds, the other was putting himself in a condition to hope for a rate on private grounds. but, we repeat, all this is beside the purpose. The simple fact of the Chancellor of the Exchequer's private secretary having entered the arena of Hulls and Hears is sufficient to exclude him from office till at last he has gone through some sort of purga- tion. One the ng, too, we particularly recommend him. Let him give up the idea that he was, once young and is no longer to. Ills only apology is his extreme youth, he must go to the bottom of the list and work his way up again. Now, even If (he three distinguished person ages concerned in this appointment did not know that everybody else knew about Mr. Lawley s trammel ions on the turf audible Stock Exchange, still they never the sort of man he was and we beg to submit that he was not the sort of man to govern an important colony, full of clever, wealthy upstarts, equally train. at push in their own, fortunes and picking holes in their origin ours. The colonial service is one that requires high moral and intellectual qualities, and also some sort of apprenticeship. As a correspondent the other day pointed out, we have for the last five or six years made it a regular service, will system of promotion and there has been no considerable appointment fxccpVufttr proof of ability in morn lower post in the service. We have had no governor start like Pullas, armed cop came, from the brain of the Colonial Minister, and the Inc of Newcastle or his Successor cast his eyes abroad on the colonial list he might have found some one to accept a position offering such noble opportunities to a man of talent, energy, and temper. Why search only at home of Why me Back the offices in Downing street, or the odds and ends of the House of Commons) last It is rather a humiliating confession that even at home he choice is so limited, the average of talent and character is so low, and the spirit of enterprise so extinct, time nobody better than Mr. Lawley could he found for the appointment. Tell it not in Gath that England is so fallen, so degenerate, that, though the mother of fifty colonies, she is incapable of findings better governor to-day a vacancy than a young man of twenty-eight, very gay in his habits, and almost totally destitute of official experience! There must be something amiss if we are come to such a pitch of barrenness and such a dearth Of talent. Education, parliamentary reform, liberal nicoMircs, bluebells, and all the other means for the advancement of learning have done little for us, if this young gentleman is the very best article we can turn out to meet a sudden demand. But we don't believe It. We fondly hope, nay, we confidently believe, that there are many men in Pnt'iiiimrut, in office, all over the country, quite competent for this post, and ready to go wherever duty calls them. At all events, let the Government open Its eyes a little wider, and taken longer ron e, beyond the narrow. pale of office, and they will soon find many men as geo I at least as Mr. Lawley. 