? FOOTWAY" D,PÄ2fp»ok»ge. Of boots, T^c8*18 1 fishery, to., the , huday,I» postponed His rs Act has come quence of not being -""THIS DAY . the... provision Merchants, and Others. In family. Cl'oeae, late TENNENT and CO. have re ffl Aged instructions from Messrs. H. A. S' . a rv, to sell by auction at their fcHhtf'Colllns-st./et, on Thursday. %2^KoíÍu°í*riorhysonsktntea. 1W each 42 lbs. 21 barrels fine Muscatel raisins 5-stall new fruit S that Cheshire cheese, in excellent Terms at Sale. 2043 THIS DAY. L W Meiavhan»». Contractors, and the l-W Trade. that free of the Margaret Thomson, from scr M. TENNENT and CO. will sell IJV by auction, on the Queen's Wharf, a" a xL 27th Inst.. at eleven o'clock, lea quartering, 8 to 16 feet long 860]oUtiBgs.o_x3,do.do. tdMxX6:Äf2;i4.16fe.t lengths 33 do. 73,14 and 15 do. 400latteM,lOtol6feetlongths 10,000 6-feet palings m Terms. at Sale. 20s THIS DAY. To Confectioners and Others. Forty-five Boxes Rusks. EM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Great Col wl, on Thursday, 27th inst, at eleven six boxes rusks, in excellent order, containing about 90,000 pieces Tories atSale. 2013 "" THIS DAY. fit; Gulin of Prime American Butter. For the Trade and Others, r «.TENNENTand CO. will sell by f auction, at their rooms, Great Collins it, on Thursday, 27th inst., at eleven iii, M Main of American butter, in excellent condition. Terms at Sale. , 2043 SATURDAY, 29th APRIL. estate Building Allotments at St. Kilda, Aristotle Junction Hotel, and the main righton and St. Kilda Roads, u be Sold, upon the ground, immediately r the tale of the well-known Paddock of 1\. Matty, Esq. WM. TENNENT and CO. are instruct ed to sell, by public auction, on the at, St. Kilda, after the sale of Dalgety's team Saturday, 29th inst., k following eligible property, consisting (often convenient sized allotments, each «jitroatago of forty feet by a depth of six foot six inches, to a road forty feet in ground is in every respect well and nicely situated, being close to the June Bold and the residences of O. Brown, 0\. Nicholson, Esq., site., and is well ; the attention of persons desirous of og a position in St. Kilda. Also, lated upon the same line of property, an cot four-roomed weather-boarded not upon an allotment of land, forty feet off by a depth of sixty-seven feet six Title Guaranteed. Terms liberal at sale. 2043 THIS DAY. ive and Unreserved Sale of very super Port Wine, in bottle and wood -, True , Hoare, and Taylor's Stout ; Bottled so. M. TENNENT and CO. will sell by I auction, at their rooms, Collins street, sundry, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, I had. Trtteman'a porter I do. Hoare's stout I do. Taylor's do. I cases, 3 doz. each, fine old port I do. do. old crusted port, four years in bottle Ido. 1 doz. each, very superior old port, seven years in bottle i quarter-casks superior do. do. I cases Byass' ale and porter I do. Evans' do. do. I do, cherry brandy I do. geneva ' puncheons rum [turns, do. I do. Old Tom attention of the trade, storekeepers, (rite families is particularly called to JP. The whole of the goods are of II quilty, and will go to the highest a Terms at Sale. 17th MONDAY, 1st MAY. «pood-Land-Local Corporation and Advantages. I industrious Mechanic, the Small Blue, and newly-arrived Immigrant. O'CONNOR has much pleasure in Bouncing instructions from the pro , William O'Farrell, Esq., to sell by lion the ground, Collingwood, near the Hill, on Monday, 1st May, at one i remaining unsold portions of that a suburban section No, 66, situate Bondi- road, and adjoining the pro- air Charles Nicholson, Knight, Co., Mintosuitablosixcd parcels to meet itiof small capitalists or tradesmen. in Dimerous enquirers by private con- portions of this valuable suburban pro G U needless to point out any of the advantages which it possesses over the hilda ; but to the newly arrived, the air deems it incumbent on him to state what is just without the boundary of wing Act, and forms portion of the located for tho purpose of creating lion of Collingwood an Independent . suburb from that of Melbourne, and Mg to the holder the advantage of in his own power to elect his own wife to the local corporation, and swing him a direct control in the tin huts or other rates, Independent of satin thoroughfare to this property A"10**-16*1 mi macadamized at a w to the Legislature of Victoria, thereunder £8000 to the old residents ping lands, A complete system of 'Man course of completion, and when Wilwe this property dry and easy "S'voiywottost weather. the land may be soon at the Mart, . «w, afford further particulars way ["assisted, and terms declared at sale. J'ttacneoa on the ground. 2007 I 'THIS DAY. 'TJ8l,orek"per«, and the Trade, Modred and Ninety Bags Sugar. Jones? ned COS william by 6 at their works. Great Cole on Thursday, 27th inst., at eleven Pigs loo counter sugar P». excellent station do. P>.«piirlor white sugar Fildes. each, book crisis, 1 304" champagne. Terms at Sale. 2005 THIS DAY, ! "Mon Merchants and Others. Bid. the' allow"-.. and Bacon ttttiÏÏNE?,Î mX cox 2. In. Äfs.f-'yrubllo auction, at "^MT"8ll0"Wlirei has been ïtnaartBal,, GOOD 0ttl««br AsMttOB. SATURDAY, 29th APRIL. To the lovers of the Fine Arts, the Gentry of Melbourne, and the Public generally. Public Sale of an Unrivalled Collection of Original Paintings by the most celebrated Masters of the Dutch, German, Swedish, and other Schools. And A choice selection of Modoli of Sculpture, in Copies of the finest Productions of Thorwalsden. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received a instructions to submit to public auction, in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institution, a Saturday, 29th inst., at twelve o'clock pre- Hely, A truly valuable and magnificent collection of oil paintings, by some of the most celebrated masters of the Dutch, Danish, German, and Swedish schools. Comprising Groups of fruit and flower Rustic scenes Landscapes, Views on the Rhine, Va. Still Life St. John Preaching, as., far. Cattle and Horses Marine Subjects Battle Pieces And Portraits of Eminent Individuals, amongst which will be found that of the far-famed and justly celebrated sculptor Thorwalsdon. And, in addition to copies of the finest produc- tions of this inimitable artist, the madela of sculpture include Ganymede with an EagVa Shepherd Boy Lord Byron Jason, Vulcan, Venas Hebe, Psycho, die., in. Ages of Love Baptism of Christ Virgin with Jesus and Jsha Bacchus and Fawn Day and Night, etc., &c.; This fine collection of works of art is now on exhibition in the hall of the Mechanics' Institution, and the Auctioneers would respectfully solicit from connoisseurs and intending purchasers an inspection prior to the day of sale. Catalogues may be obtained at the rooms of the auctioneers. 1916 SATURDAY, 29th APRIL. The last of the favorite Estate of St. Kilda, known as Dalgety's Paddock. Magnificent frontages to Gray-street, Burnett street, and Gurner-street, close to the Government Road To be told upon the Ground. WM. TENNENT and CO. have ceived instructions from the Proprietor, F. G. Dalgety, Esq., to sell by public auction, on the ground, on Saturday, 29th inst., at twelve o'clock, The remaining portions of this magnificent Estate, Dalgety's Paddock, St. Kilda, close to the main Government-road Lots 75, 76, 77. Three Allotments, having a splendid frontage of 4 ft. 2 in. to Grey-street, and the corner allotment to Gurner-street, by an excellent depth of 120 foot. Lots 71, 72. Two Allotments, having a frontage of 4 ft. 8 in. to Currie-street, by a noble depth of 123 ft. 6 in. Lot 41. One Allotment ; frontage 44 ft. 8 in. to Burnett-street, with a depth of 123 ft. 3 in. Lots 37, 38. Two Allotments, with frontages to Burnett street as above. Those properties are to be sold to the highest bidder, if any competition offers and to persons resident in St. Kilda it is hardly necessary for common from the Auctioneers ; suffice it to say, for scenery, locality, feel, it is all that can be desired for residences of the best order. TiHo ready for conveyance, only one remove from the Crown grant. Terms one-third cash, residue by bills at three and six months. Plans and further particulars at the office of the Auctioneers. 1907 MONDAY, 1st MAY. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of Watches, Clocks, Musical Boxes, Gramont, Jctwcl tery, &c.; To Watchmakers, Jewellers, and the Trade, WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 1st May, at eleven o'clock, 1 case 72 metal verge watches 2-1 Silver -do. 12 do. single case do. 2 do. 12 plated horizontal hunters 12 do. never do. I do. 95 silver horizontal do. 21 do. lover do. 4 do. 20 do. horizontal J do. 18 do. lover do. 18 gold do. do. do, plant river hunter 20 2 do do. 12 regulators 1 do. 60 silver hunters 180 do. do. do. 2 plate 1 do. 12 do. horizontal do., metal doors 120 do do. do. do., 5 plates 5 do. 30 do. lover do. 30 do. horizontal do., } plate 1 do. English and Geneva gold lovers, horizontal and duplex 1 do. Carriage doors I do. musical boxes 1 do. Chinese clocks 4 do. ornaments, In bronze, gilt and marble The attention of the trade is respectfully requested to the above invoice, the whole of the goods having been carefully selected for this market. Terms at Sale. 2092 THIS DAY. To Wine Merchants, Hotelkeepers, and 3\. Others. Wines, Spirits, Chocolate, Pipes, etc, WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, West India mm, in pipes, in bond Geneva, in 1 doz. cases Champagne, in 3 doz., do. Marteil'spalo brandy, in 2 doz., cases Guavajolly French chocolate 3 bushel bags Pipes Grocer's paw Ironmongery, etc. _ Terms at Sale. 2093 MONDAY, M MAY. To Builders and Others Finishing Homes. Thirty-four Cases of Enamelled Slate Mantle places, Hearthstones, slabs, etc. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Great Cof Hill-street, on Monday, 1st May, at eleven o'clock, The following bountiful assortment of an articled plate chimney liianUopleccs, comprising 8 chimney-pieces, black H do. black and gold I do. Belgian 4 do. Russian green 21 Souths, plain shame-faced, 4 x 1 1-0, 400 1-6 63 slabs, do. do., 613 foot, iVc. Terms at Sale. 2093 THIS DAY. Linseed Oil. White Lead. Atlee Risk of the former Purchaser, Mr. W Andrew Rltohlo. M. TENNENT and CO. are In- as structed by Messrs, Lange and Ploos Van Amstel, to sell by auction, at their rooms, Great Collin-street. on Thursday, 27th Inst,, at eleven o'clock, At the risk of the former purchaser, Mr. Andrew Ritchie, who has failed to fulfil candle He was of even. Linseed Oil, 30 cases, each 0 cans, 6 gallons each, raw 20d. Odo. Odo. boiling White Lead. 25kojr»,eaeh 2 cwt. Terms at Sale. 2097 sold by Auction. THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Others. WM. TENNENT and SON will sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, 11 hhds. draft porter (Reid's brand). Terms at Sale. 2097 WEDNESDAY, 10th MAY. To Capitalists, Merchants, Tradesmen, Storekeepers, Hotelkeepers, and Others interested in securing a first-rate Business Stand. The most valuable obtainable corner in the unrivalled Commercial Metropolis of the South. Corner of Bourke and Queen streets, opposite Bear and Son's sale yards. SYMONS and PERRY will submit to public competition, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 10th May, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, having a frontage of ICG foot 9 inches to Queen-street, by a depth of 70 feet to a right of way leading into Little Bourke-street, being portion of allotment No. 1, of section No. 20, in the city of Melbourne For the convenience of intending purchasers this valuable property will be sub-divided into convenient allotments, as per plan annexed. Title guaranteed. It is rarely that the public have an opportunity of securing such really eligible sites for establishing lucrative occupations, as all who are conversant with the realities of our city must well know the high, healthy, and trade commanding position of the above property, nearly opposite the Queen's Theatre, at the corner of the most control business street in Melbourne - Bourke-street. The crowds which may be daily seen collected together round this spot, all busily engaged in making heavy bargains for various descriptions of property the well-known fact that there is no corner in Melbourne where sales so extensive and important to the interests of the colony are weekly effected as on this now to be thrown open to the public, must suggest to those watchful of their own interests the necessity and propriety of becoming possessed of portions for their own peculiar purposes. The land at present is let to Messrs. McCaw and Anslow for their extensive transactions in stock, but immediate possession may be had of each lot, and every facility will be afforded to enable each purchaser to turn his purchase to immediate account. PLAN OF THE PROPERTY. QUEEN-STREET. soft, jj \- Long. Way, leading to LURe Bourke it. Waterhouse and Aoalow'i Livery Stables. Terms-One-third Cash, and remainder by bills at three, six, and nine mouths, the two latter bearing bank interest. For further particulars as to title, intending purchasers are referred to Thus. T. a'Beckett, solicitor, Little Collins-street. 2050 FRIDAY, APRIL 28th. To Boot and Shoe Makers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Six Trunks Boots and Shoes. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 23th inst., at twelve o'clock, G trunks boots and shoes, consisting of Boys' leather boots Cordovan boots Long Wellington boots Short do. Men's goatskin slippers Ladies' cordovan boots Ladies' cloth Bluchers, Blucher boots " Deck boots Patent short Wellington boots, etc. ?A'crms-Cash. 2050 PREX,I5IINARY NOTICE. To Timber Merchants, Contractors and Others SIMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, CO at the Queen's Wharf, as soon as landed, due notice of which will be given, 235 hardwood beams, 24 feet long, by inches 60 do, 20 do, ley i feet 8 inches 40,000 planks, 10 foot long, inch and tvhi-eo-fourth imh. Terms at Sole. 6551 WEDNESDAY, 10th MAY. | Valuable Stock, Dairy Station, in one of the most Grassy Districts of the Colony. 400 Head Cattle 20 Horses. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the proprietors to sell by public auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 10th May, at twelve o'clock, All that valuable and well-known ron, described as the Burthen Creek Station, situated in the Gipp's Land District, within about 10 miles of Port Albert, and 12 miles from Torruvnlo Township, The present stock on the Sutton consists of about 400 head mixed cattle 20 horses The improvements on the station consists of the Bush Inn Public House built of brick and weather-board, containing a hw, 3 parlors, 8 bed-rooms, store-room, dairy, kitchen, and 5-stall stable, now in full working order, and doing an extensive business, being on the main road to the Gold Fields at Levingston Crook. A Dally Station complete, w til stockyards, drafting pens, calf paddocks, and various other improvements. There are also extensive gross In cultivation paddocks, with various valuable acquisi- tions for carrying on on extensive establishment (<T The above station is situated in the most fertile district around Port Albert, and as an Investment, few such opportunities now occur of obtaining cattle runs so scantily Btoukod, yet capable of carrying much larger number of cattle. Terms liberal, declared at time of Sale. . 1873 TO-MORROW To Boot and Shoemakers, Storekeepers, General Dealers, and Others. Eight Trunks Boots and Shoes. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on be Way, 28th inst., at twelve o'clock, 1 truck containing CO pairs Oxonian shoes 1 ditto ditto CO do, kip Bluchers 1 ditto ditto 36 do. hob nailed bluchers 80 do, real Uppers 1 ditto ditto 12 d<>. long sea, boots 12 do. kip do. 1 ditto ditto 00 do. black cloth lace ladies' boots 12 do. spring seal skin slippers 36 do. sowed round do. 1 ditto ditto 21 do. women's leather and boots 21 do, cashmere boots 20 do. leather buttoned whyte I ditto ditto 30 do. Jullion boots 21 do. children's law boots 1 ditto ditto 12 do. short boots 14 do. Jullion boots Torm»-OMII, 1008 Sales by Auction. l, SATURDAY, 29th APRIL. ToGenUomen Building, Contractors, Builders, and Others. Twenty-three Cases Splendid Marble Mantelpieces Ex Persia. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from Messrs. A. Russell and Co., to sell by auction at the Commercial Sales Room, on Saturday, 29th inst., at twelve o'clock, The following choice assortment of marble mantelpieces C in square, M section under 2-1 magnificent range royal marble mantelpiece 8-1 superb black do. 4-1 handsome small vein is. 6-1 elegant lounge do. (-4 do. do. do. 7-1 small black do. 8-1 large Kilkenny do. 9-1 small do. 10-4 do. sardines do. 11 contains the shelves for New. ., 8, and 10 12-I vein marble chimney-pieces 13-1 do. do. do. 44 do, do. do. 150 do. do. do. li contains the shelves for Nef. 12 to 15 17s barrells marble chimney-pieces 184 vein do. do. 19-contains the shelves for Kos. II and 12 20 and 23-4 cases, containing twenty black polished marble slabs, assorted sizes. Terms at Sale. The above are all of a very superior description, and well worthy the attention of persons building. 1964 THIS DAY. Claim, Cheese, Syrups, Sauces, Honing, Soda, and Loaf Sugar. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, 20 boxes elemes 30 do. pine- apple cheese 20 do. lemon syrup 25 do. Tomato sauce 100 do. herrings, 13 dor each CO HUB do. 9 do. C casks of carbonate of soda Also 4 tons refined loaf sugar, in Hhds. and tierces. 2096 THIS DAY 2 Bales Damaged Carpeting. Ex Rhoderick Dhu. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at 4 his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, For the benefit of those concerned, being damaged by salt water, 2 bales containing, 12 pieces Jute carpeting 2096 ' THIS DAY. 25 Dozen Shovels and Spades. 1 Ton English Cheese. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, 25 dozen English made spades and shovels. 1 ton English clioeso._2096 THIS DAY. Hobart Town Onions. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, 84 baskets onions 10 do. do. In prime condition. 2096 THIS DAY. 4 Portable Tent Houses. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at at his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, 4 portable tent houses, similar to one eroded in the Custom House yard. 2096 THIS DAY. Cheese, Clams, Sarsaparilla, Pepper, Sauce, Soap, Syrups, Ketchup, Herrings, Salmon, Mackerel, Tongues, and Sounds. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at s his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, 100 boxes clams 33 do. pine-apple cheese 15 do. pepper sauce 70 do. soap 98 do. sarsaparilla syrup, 1 doz. each 93 do. raspberry do. do. 40 do. tomato ketchup 61 kegs herrings 113 kits salmon 100 do. mackerel 17 do. tongues and sounds. 2096 'Ulli, DAY. 1 tonSydnajr clothed Candles. 40 cases Batty's Pickle'. JA. HAY' will sell by public auction at his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th last , at one o'clock, 1 ton Sydney mould candles, 56 lbs. each 10 cases Batty's pickles, three dozen each 2006 THIS DAY. Gray Calico, Felt Hats, Hosiery, Ribbons, Work Boxes, Dressing Cases, Writing Desks, &o.; JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, 4 bales double width grey calico, suitable for lining houses, tea. 5 cases, containing black, brown, and drab felt rustics, in men's, youths', and boy's 3 cases winter hosiery, containing lambs', wool sacks, shirts, pantaloons, See. 1 case, containing ribbons, fancy goods, work-boxes, dressing cases, writing desks, co, 2059 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Timber, ox Esperanza. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, on an early day, as soon as landed, 10,000 foot buttons, from 8 to 20 feet 6000 ditto quartering, from 8 to 17 ditto 8000 ditto boards, from 12 to 13 ditto 6500 ditto joists, assorted 20,000 shingles 15.000 6 feet palings 334 THIS DAY. Butter, Currants. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at 3 at his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, 10 firkins Irish butter Also, 10 casks currants, weighing about 224 lbs. each. 20.19 THIS DAY. 10 Mugs. Tin Ware. A. HAY will sell by public auction, at -his rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at one o'clock, 10 Illida, tin ware, from one of the first London houses, consulting of camp kutUos, pudding pans, saucepans tea kettles, pannicans, broad HUB, coolfeopot», &o.; Will be sold by you to suit purchasers. 2009 TO-MORRoW. ~ 860 dozen of Ale and Stout. _ 40 cases of Geneva, anchor brand. VKT H. CROPPER'S successes S, M'Combe T? and O'Brien, are instructed to sell by auction, in their rooms, on Friday, 26th inst., at eleven o'clock, 600 dozen of Younger's Edinburgh ale 100 do. Guinness's XXX stout 40 do. Barclay and Perkins's stout 120 do. Burton ale 50 cases of geneva, anchor brand. Terms at Sale. 2086 ~ TO-MORROW. " Two cases of Winter Boots. Wil. CROPPER'S successors, M'Comlvo . and O'Brien will sell by auction In their rooms, on Friday, 28th, Inst,, at eleven o'clock. NO pairs of best watertights, heel and too pla tod, tree. 160 parts of strong lace-up, do. do, 50 pairs of strong Bluchers, I Terms at Sale. 2080 J Sales by Auction. TO-MORROW. Fancy Wool and Cotton Dresses. Sundry other Goods, to close an invoice WH. CHOPPER'S successor's, M'Combe and O'Brien, will sell by auction, in their rooms, on Friday, 28th inst, at eleven o'clock, i 1 bale containing 104 fancy wool and cotton dresses 1 bale containing 120 fathoms of swinging nets 10 tons of camp ovens 10 do. sash weights A first-rate chronometer. Terms at Sale. 8086 TO-MORROW. Boots and Shoes, dro. rST H. CROPPER'S successors, M'Combe TT 2 and O'Brien, will sell by auction at their rooms, on Friday, 28th met., at eleven o'clock. A quantity of Diggers' boots Seamen's shoes Strong Bluchers Boys' do and Shoes Women's and Children's boats and shoes Leather knapsacks, etc., &c.; Terms at Sale. 2086 TOMORROW. 1500 bushels of Chilian Barley. v WH. CROPPER'S successors, M'Combe a and O'Brien are instructed by Messrs. Hussey, Bond, Hale, and Co., to sell by auction in their rooms, on Friday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock. 1500 bushels of Chilian barley, in prime order Terms at Sale. 2085 THIS DAY. To Jewellers, Watchmakers, and the Trade. Extensive Sale of Fashionable Jewellery. M O'CONNOR, late with Francis and a Cohen, will sell by auction at his mart, Swanston-street, opposite the Bank of Victoria, on Thursday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, An indent of choice jewellery and watches, recently landed, ex Ciccsui, from London. Gold Albert chains, curb guards, bright curbs and Secret links, secret Alberts, snake ditto, fancy Alberts from Nos, 3 to 8 gold fancy curb guards 2 cases Gold Geneva lover watches with enamelled dials, twenty lines ; gold hunting watches, gold English hunt- ing watches, gold English lever, single diamond rings, ladies' regards, with rubies, pearls, emeralds and clusters; gentlemen's large carbuncle signet rings, tablets and signets, do. do. gardens, ladies' diamond bracelets, cameo brooches, pebble pillar bracelets, topaz brooches, amethysts, mourning brooches, with diamond centres. After which Assorted portmonnaie, union clocks, cottage do., tudor do papier mache tea caddies, dressing cases, musical boxes, etc. Terms Cash. 2007 TO-MORROW. An Extensive, Valuable and well-selected Invoice of Goods, placed in hands for prompt Sales. M O'CONNOR, late with Francis and and Cohen, will sell by auction, at his mart, Swanston-street, opposite the Bank of Victoria, on Friday, 28th inst, at eleven o'clock, The following goods recently landed to order IN In diamond, 197-8. 1 cask japanned candlesticks, with snuffers complete 1 do. B. M. dish covers, 5 in each set 199. 1 do. B. M. 4-gill teapots 961. 1 do. 140 dozen fancy padlocks, to 38 inch 313. 1 do, edged 'bull hinges, etc., and broad steel axes 810., 1 do. knives, with cork screws, quite modern, assorted canteens and rolls, dc, into. 815. 1 do. black tip table knives and forks, j ball do. do., Waterloo do. do. 901. 1 do. black tip table knives and forks, and strike fire knives 139. 1 do. assorted papier mache tables 16. 1 do. do. do. barometers 189. 1 case do. do. work boxes and writing boxes 81. 1 do. oval beam letter presses, c Terms at Sale. 2097 THIS DAY. To Drapers, Warehousemen, Country Storekeepers, Slopsollers, Dealers, and Others. Important Sale of Seasonable Drapery Slops. EDWARD COHEN (late Francis Cohen), is instructed to sell by auction, at the Stores of Messrs. John Orr and Co., Flinders-lane west, on Thursday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, The following well-selected assortment of seasonable winter drapery, expressly so. looked for this market. AGM 1 case tweed, doo check, cloth and other trousers; tweed, venetian, angola, cashmere, rich silk, and other vests 1 case wood, tartan, black cloth, cord and doe trousers, check cloth, and other TOdts, coats, etc. H 1 case silk waistcoats, shepherds' plaid cloth, and cashmere coats, so. MM 1 case glace, rich, extra saturate, and rich satin mantles 811 4 cases fine wool scarfs, handkerchiefs, She vis, etc. B M and Co. 1 1 case wool handkerchief, assorted shawls, scarfs, to. B M 2 to 3. I- do. do, do. MU. 1 do. men's black, blue, polka, Windsor, travelling, Arthur, wood, and Californian caps M12. 1 case men's drab, brown, and black felt hats MLF. 4 to 7. 3 cases ready made shirts, consisting of strong joan, regatta, and white shirts KWS 1 to 3. 3 do., each ICO bayadere delano dresses Mover 3 6 to 17 12 bales dowlas, butter, Holland, and imi- tation Irish shooting S 1 to G. t cases, each 20 do. white, brown, black, and drab thread EGO 3. 1 case, 100 10 x 4 wool square shawls, assorted. Also, 1 and 2. 2 cases each dump, Wellingtons, water- proof jack boots, waterproof deck boots, nailed ankle boots, nailed watertight, strong Bluchers, Oxo means, to, Together with an immense quantity of goods, particulars of which will appear in a future advertisement. The Auctioneer begs to call especial attention to the above sale, comprising as it does That quality goods of every description, and well suited for the coming season. Terms at Sale. 1013 TO-MORROW, Blue Serge Shirts, Moleskin Trowsers and Colds. M O'CONNOR will sell by auction, at his a mart, SwaiiBton-titiuot, on Friday, 26th inst., at eleven o'clock, JSM in diamond, W at sIde 1 bale 80 dozen blue cargo still 1 ewe trousers' billions 4 cases assorted moleskin trousers 2 do. do. colored do. TsMItU-QMJ,, JQQ7 M. 8R1<» by Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE finale of Ten years' interest in and to a valuable Business Premises, situate in Elizabeth street, and nearly opposite the Metropolitan Church of St. Francis. O'CONNOR, late with Francis and Mr.. Cohen, is favored with instructions from Mr. James McLaren, to sell by auction on the premises, Elizabeth-street, on on early day, notice of which will be duly given, The interest of ten years unexpired of all those splendid premises, situate in Elizabeth street, at present in the occupation of Mrs Millar, and known as the well established drapery store. Further particulars will be given in a future advertisement, when descriptions, suitability, and general accommodation will be entered into. J. Terms liberal, will be declared at the time of sale. Title guaranteed. Bamtal £1000 a year, for ten years £10,000. 2007 ~ TO-MORROW. Electro-Plated Ware, Windsor Soaps, Albata Plato, No. M O'CONNOR will sell by auction, at his mart, Swanston-street, on Friday, I 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, 2 cases, each 50 tins, Jib sardines 2 do., 60 doz. Windsor soup, a la perfume " i 20 kegs China candy 10 cases preserved chow-chow 1 case assorted telescopes 1 do. reading lamps 2 do. electro-plated ware, consisting of fancy cruet stands, assorted teaBervices, table, dessert, tea, and gravy spoons Do. do. do. knives and forks 2 cases meerschaum pipes in great variety tea, tree., to. Terms-Cash. 2007 THIS DAY. To Watch and Clock Makers, Hotel Keepers, M O'CONNOR will sell by auction, at a his mart, Swanston-street, opposite the Bank of Victoria, on Thursday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Marian Moore, from London. 10 cases each round spring time pieces in mahogany I 6 do. do. drop trunk do. do. 2 12 do. do. octagon long trunk do. inlaid 4 do. do. best round carved do. do. 4 do. do. rosewood do. do. The above clocks are of the very best description and were manufactured expressly to the order of the importer, for the market, and consequently are well worthy the attention of the trade. Terms at Sale. 2019 THIS DAY. E ROW and CO. will sell by auction, at their yards, on Thursday, 27th inst, at twelve o'clock, 10 powerful cart-horses, shipped from from Launceston, ox Yarra Yarra, all thoroughly guaranteed. The above lots have been carefully selected regardless of expense, by a first- rate judge of stock, and the auctioneers can therefore recommend them to any parties in search of both valuable and useful horses. 2044 THIS DAY. More Van Diemen's Land Horses. ROW and CO. have much pleasure in a again announcing to the public, that they are instructed to sell by auction, at their yards, Bourke-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock. Thirteen very superior Horses, as under, shipped ex Yarra Yarra, from Launceston Grey carriage horse, Hadji Baba, 6 years old Chesnut horse, Magic, 6 years old Black horse, Besborough, do. Bay draught horse. Prince, do. Black mare, Diamond doz Grey horse, Jupiter. Black horse, Mansfield. The fastest in the colony for ten miles, carrying 15 stone Bay mare, single or double harness, very fast Chestnut draught entire, 3 years old, by Prince, sold for 800 guineas, a staunch worker Two of the handsomest mares in the colony, a perfect match, from an sorted stock, out of Rowena by heifer, own sister to Colonel, sold to go to Portland for 650 guineas Bay borne, a first-rate cob Bay horse, Governor. 2014 MONDAY, 1st MAY. Working Bullocks. BROS and CO. will have for sale, on Monday, 1st May, A few teams of first-rate working bullocks. 2082 THIS DAY. At Goldsbrough's Stores. Wool. Wool. Wool. BROS and CO. will sell by auction, at st Goldsbrough's Stores, Market-street, on Thursday, 27th instant, at eleven o'clock sharp, Wool and Skins. 2082 TO-MORROW, Books and Stationery. Very' Valuable Works. GIBBON and KING will sell at their rooms, in Great Bourke-street, on Friday, 28th inst., at twelve o'clock, 6 cases English and American books, by the most popular authors. J Also I 4 cases stationery, consisting of writing and brown paper, account-books, steel pens, See., &a.; 2011 THIS DAY. Oats. Oats. Oats. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public auction, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Great Bourke street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, 1000 bushels prime oats. Terms at Sale. 429 no 27 THIS DAY. Unavoidable Postponement of Sale. To Silk Mercers, Drapers, and the Trade. J LYONS and CO. have much pleasure in stating that they have been honored with instructions from the importer to offer for public competition on Thursday, 27th Inst., at twelve o'clock, Mille cases of fancy Bradford goods, consisting of 6-4 Queen's lustres 6 4 silk crepes 6-4 embossed Orleans 6-4 Japan for silk stripes 6-1 brilliantine 6-1 silk stripe 6-4 how I do. The Auctioneers have much pleasure In recommending this invoice to the notice of the trade and others, as they are of a very superior doHeilntloii. Terms at Sole. 431 pp 27 TO-MORROW. Extensive and Unreserved Sale on the Pro- rises, 68 William Street, of about 300 Mat tresses, 10 tons Hay, ifco, J LYONS and CO. will sell by public . auction, on the premises, 63 William Street, between Grout Bourke and Little Horn to st i cots, without the slightest reserve, In consequence of alterations in the promises, on Friday, 28th Inst., at twelve o'clock, 300 mattresses 1 duck store, 15 x 12, on frame 1 hand cart 1 pair good wheels A moi loan and English chairs Looking glasses Tables Iron Bedsteads HtTOtohoru. Bolas Carved mahogany writing desk 200 pieces cottell ticks Amen lean Cook's Pictures Rocking chairs Mahogany French boatloads India matting Do. clothes baskets Alio, 10 tons Adelaide hay. Toro at Sale, 432 as 20, sales by Auction. TO-MORROW. 1 To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. Twenty-three cases Elegant and Modern Household Furniture. Ex June, Phillip Van Maienix, and Ameer. EDWARD COHEN (late Francis and sp hen,) is favored with instructions to sell by auction, at their late rooms, Oe'llin«-str«a4»t, on Friday first, 28th last., at eleven o'clock, 1 case union-back easy chairs 8 do. mahogany sofas 3 do. do. tables I do. Iran back easy chain 3 do. easy chairs and basket tables 10 do. iron-back easy-chairs Terms at Sale. 204 THIS DAY. To Milliners, Dressmakers, Fancy S*Mp»ta**jpa»>s - and Others. J LYONS and CO. will sell by puMk . auction, at the new Commercial Sales) Room, Great Bourke street, on Thursday, 27th inst, at twelve o'clock, C J (J in diamond leases, consisting of 60 satin bonnets 25 Bedford do., very superior 66 twisted SG needed luton 6 whole turntable 36 pale tuscan And a splendid and useful rarMgr Car the ensuing Season. Terms at Sale. 568 ap Vf THIS DAY. Extensive and unreserved Sale of Ladies'' Boots and Shoes, of a Superior description. LYONS and CO. will sell by auction at a the now Commercial Sales Room, Great Bourke-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock. It M 12th dozen women's goloshed boots, No. 1 7 1-12 the do. very superior 12 dozen mens' Bluchers 4 do. superior watertights 30 pairs thigh boots 60 do. womens' goloshed boots, No I 60 do. leather do. Terms at Sale. 174 hp tX THIS DAY. To Outfitters and Others. Extensive Sale of Patent Leather' Bags, Superior Velvet Pile do., and Bring Carpet do. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public a auction, at the now Commercial Sales Room, Great Bourke-street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, I in triangle. Case 79. 86 enamelled leather bags, patent kegs G dozen velvet pile do. Case 80. SO patent leather bags, patent locks 72 Brussels carpet do. do. Coso 81. 3 dozen do. do. Case 82. 28 very superior velvet pile do. Terms at Sale. 559 p 27 THIS DAY. Watchmakers, Jewellers, Fancy 61iopkoopei"*v and Others. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public and. a tion, at the New Commercial Sales Room, on Thursday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, 5 very superior silver lever watches 8 do. do. do. bunting do. 2 do. do. do. Also 86 dozen compasses, with Australian more books, and pencil, in Morocco case. Terms at Sale. 667 pp 27 THIS DAY. To Tailors, Outfitters and Others. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public a auction, at the now Commercial Sales Room, Great Bourke streets Thursday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, GO waterproof coats, super for 25 reversible do. 42 pairs overalls 161 dozen woollen cord trousers 19 dozen more do. 8 dozen lambswool pants 12 dozen guernsey shirts 3 dozen woollen co avails Also,- ' 15 lbs. light eyes 18 lbs superior ravens 6 lbs twist 4 lbs. drab do. 8 lbs. jet sewing And 39 pairs scarlet blankets, very superior. The Auctioneers invite the attention of the Trade to this sale, as the above invoice companies a splendid assortment of sewing silks. Terms at Sole, 670 pp 27 THIS DAY. To Drapers, Outfitters, and Others. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public who a tion, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Citoat Bourke street, on Thursday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, 1 case, 100 pairs move to oust rs 1 do. 80 do. beat woollen cords Terms at Sale. 664 ap 27 THIS DAY I To Drapers, Wholesale Warehousemen, and Others. J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction a at the New Commercial Sales Room, Great Bourke-street, on Thursday, 27 inst., at twelve o'clock, 25 cases of various and useful iiMKhamliM, viz., , 41 pieces Croydon sheeting 95 do. regatta hit ting GO do. very superior 25 do. slates shirting 38 do. black do 200 do. red, grass, amber, crimson sky royal, pink do., &c.; Also, Various Invoices of every description Silk ties Bl i fish corals 30 pieces of black Orleans 55 do. black alpacas 42 do. black sarsnets Black lace tails Imitation French do. 42 dozen men's grey lambs wool hose 50 do. do. woollen do. Tapes, flat black cotton tiles Imperial cotton do. The auctioneer requests the attention of all parties to this sale, as being a very superior Invoice. Tai ins at Sale. 565 ap 27 THIS DAY. To Hatters and Outfitters. Superior Invoice of well cases tod Hats. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public and a lion, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Great Bourke street, on Thursday,, 27th Inst,, at twelve o'clock, 6 trunks consisting of 72 men's band B shooters 72 Kossuth hints 148 Tyrol do. CO fancy superior hats 21 Garabaldi do. 88 BB Kossuth and Derby huts. The Auctioneers request the attention of the trade to this sale. Terms at Sale. COO ap 27 THIS DAY. ~" To Bootmakers, Storekeepers, and Others, A Large, and Sunni for Invoice of Winter Boots. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public auction, at the New Commercial Saltia Room, Great on Boiuko-ttioot.ThiiiBilny, 27th last,, (at twelve o'clock", AD, with T F under, fa cases superior watertights 4 oaBOH Kossuth boots 2 do. lace-up 1 do. enamelled leather Napoleon boots The IDS at Sale. 603 no 27 THIS DAY, To Centre on in want of a First-rate, has,...; TV/pOA a mild ANHLOWwi:, "fish for sale ThLlav Zinc s ItonkMln»*, on mm,'*1W US;,.'? ?'«l'nrtod from Van Die quiet and well bred ' Off 