THE ORIGINAL DRAPERY & CLOTHING ESTABLISHMENT, Two doors west of the Albert Hotel, cabtlbmaine. UPHILL AND BURNETT, PBOrKIETOBS, HPENDE'R their grateful acknowledgments to tho Inhabitants of Cnstlcmaine, and sur rounding districts, for tho liberal patron aeo received since thoircomniencement in business, and be? to in timate that, having just returned from tho' Mel- hourno Mnrkot, aro now in receipt of Goods, tho nowest and choicest in the Colony, consisting of — Ladies' and Gontlotuen's Woaring Apparel A largo stook of general and household Drapery Silks, shawls, mantles, turs, hosiery, gloves, ribbons Fancy goods, baby linen, and Laaies' under-cloth ing, in great variety. , The Gentleman's beady-made Department Is now replenished with every novelty in Dress, con sisting of Dress and Frock Coats, Oxonian and Cam bridge shooting Coats, Paletots, Trousers, Waistcoats, silk Hats, Kossuths, and a general Outfitting stock, unsurpassed for style, extent, quality, and price, by any house in thoColony. G78 "TUEANTED. — The Gold Digging Com- tuunity to know, tho highest price always given for Gold is at Uphill and Burnett's, .2 doors trom the Albert Hotel, Cnstlcmaino. 115 WTNTER. WINTER. WINTER.— Blankets, Flannels, Rugs, Sheetings, Druggets, Frenoh Merinos, Coburgs, Furs, Shawls, Mantles, Wool Polkas, in groat variety — at Uphill and Burnett's. 146 nnO HOTEL-KEEPERS. — Parties about 'Furnishing or Replenishing their stock of Household Drapery, will be supplied on tho most. Liberal Terms, at — Uphill and Burnett's, 2 doors from Albert Hotel, Castlemaine. 147 "OILOT Coats, Reefing Jackets, Water- proofs, Watertigllts, and High Boots. Ako, a splendid Stock of ready-made Clothing, un surpassed in style, quality, and prioo, by any house in the Colony, at — Uphill and Burnett's. 148 JJANK OF AUSTRALASIA. Incorporated by Royal Charter, 1835. NOTICE is hereby given that a Branoh of the Corporation is now in operation in Market-square, Castlemaine, under the management of Mr. O'EonoE G. Habpeb. J. J. Falconed, Superintendent. July 12. 712 PRINCE OF WALES HOTEL. Mo8Tyn-stbbbt, Castlemaine. W. ABERDEEN "O'EGS to inform his numerous Friends and the Publio of Castlemaine, and its vicinity, that having obtained a Licence, he has opened the above COMMODIOUS HOUSE, which, for accommodation and moderate charges, will not be surpassed by any house in the Colony. The building is of tho most substantial kind ; and having been constructed, regardless of expense, by its proprietor, will be lound to ECLIPSE the usual lath-and-plastor habitations termed Colon ial Inns, and contribute in an unprecedented manner to the- comfort and convenience of the Publio. The rooms furnish ample accommodation for TWO HUNDRED PERSONS, and comprise numerous well-furnished sitting rooms and sleeping rooms, as well as select rooms for fam ilies and private parties. Especial arrangements have been made for the convenience of Ladies, who will find a portion of the establishment set apart for their aooommodation. Thero is also a large room well suited for a 1 MUSIC OR LECTURE ROOM, or for Publio Meetings, a desideratum which has been long felt in the rising township of Castlemaine. The whole building, with its appurtenances, occupies HALF AN ACRE OF LAND, is ninety feet long by 40 feet wide, has a KITCHEN AS LARGE AS HALF THE HOTELS IN VICTORIA, and will have a handsome Balcony and Verandah in front, furnishing an agreeable promenado during the summer season, without rendering it necessary to leave tho Establishment. The Proprietor has procured a costly supply of the CHOICEST WINES AND SPIRITS, to which he particularly solicits tho attention of the Gentlemen, Merohants, Tradesmen, Travellers and Miners, who may think proper to patronise his hotel. He begs also to assure them that caro will be taken to provide the best articles in the oulinary department, as well as to. ensure respectful conduct on the part of all servants in the house. The Stabling will be found to be of a very superior kind. Thero will bo STALLS FOR SEVENTY-FIVE HORSES. 'Hay of tho first quality can be procured from the Proprietor's own Estate, and a large stock of oorn has beon selected from the best market. W. Aberdeen confidently appeals to bis friends and the publio to support him in this now and oostly enterprise, whioh is adapted to promote their comfort and advantage. He has expended a largo capital in erecting ONE "OF THE FINEST HOTELS in the Colony, and ho doubts not that he will be met in a spirit similar to that whioh he has himself exhibited. 873 Melbourne Advertisements. WHITE STAR LINE PACKETS. For Liverpool direot. To sail-about August 1,1854. ' The American built, new clipper ship RE.D JACKET, 2400 tons register, Samuel Reed, oommander, fully armed, and fitted with bullion safes, magnificent clipper, already far-famed for her unprecedented passage of thirteen days from New York to Liverpool, and for her astonish ing run of 417 miles in twenty-four hours, has just arrived from Liverpool, making the most rapid pas sage ever mado under oanvas to this port— viz., 67 days, and only 17 days from the Cape, we have not yet seen her log, but shall publish it the moment it comes to hand, as it will be eagerly read iby all in terested in mail communication with Australia. 'The Red Jacket was built expressly for the Aus tralian trade, by Mr. Taylor of New York, and her modol combines capacity with the greatest possible despatch. Her registered tonnage is 2460 tons and her bur then 4000 tons: Length over all 265 feet; depth of hold.24 feet ; height between decks 8 feet. Her cabin accommodations are superb. The ladies' saloon-is luxuriously -fitted up, being panelled with the oabiuot woods, and carpeted. It contains three largo state rooms, and a family cabin with four berths. The dining saloon is a commodious and chastely decorated apartment, fitted up in the Btylo of the large sea-going steamers. For families there can bo no better convoyanoo. Tho Rweon dooks are very spacious, and the wbolo amidships aro fitted up with seoond cabin berths. Tho dining tables, prome nado dock, and general arrangement of tho ship are planned for the comfort and convenience of the pas sengers. Captain Reed has had eighteen years' ox- perienoe'in the eastern seas, and-his gentlemanly de meanor, and bis kind attention to his passengers are well known. This splendid clipper packet will havo immediate despatch for -Liverpool, and as she is tho largest and tusto'-t ship in tho world, offers great inducements to the shippers of gold, and other colonial produce. The despatoh given to tho Golden Era, whioh ship dis charged a largo cargo, and was got ready for sea in side of -thirty days, is a guarantee thero will be no delay in gotting off the Red Jacket. Price of "Passage First class saloon £08 House on deok ... ... £40 Intermediate - £25 Parties residing in tho oountry, who wish to secure a passage, will please write at once, enclosing de posit,, as several of the oabins aro already engaged. For freight, plans of cabin, and evory information apply to Caldwell, Tbain, and Co., 7 Queen-Bt., Metbourno. Tho splendid new clipper ship Mermaid,'' -daily expected, will be the ouooeoding regular paoket of this popular line. '729 I MOUNT WILLIAM GOLD DIGGINGS. STEAM to Wm-rnamhool, Port Fairy and Portland Bay. — The well-known steamer " Man chester," Capt. T. B. Harrison, will sail regularly for the above ports, from Melbourne, on the 6th, 16th, and 26th of each month.— Apply to CbaweObd Mainb, 70, Plinders-lcne, west, Melbourne. 721. "750 OD & INNES. Products Merchants, 146 Little Collins- st east, Melbourne. 612 rtpO be Let or Sold -308 Acres of good Land situate at Carlsruhe ; has Government Roads, on three sides, and within one chain of the main road (of three ohains,) to tho Diggings,— Apply to Mr.H. Cbosslby, Great Bourke-Bt. 632 flORSES SHOD, Sixteen, Eighteen, and JLH Twenty shillings. J. Miscamblo, Arcade lane, Littlo Bourko-st. oast, Melbourne, :. ' 760 TAKE NOTICE. Bargains. Bargains. Bargains. THHE entire stock of clothing, shirts, silk handkerchiefs, hats, boots, rugs, blankets, oil cloths, etc., now soiling at half pblcb, fob one month onlt. At Richabds's notod, ohoap, and far-famed gold- diggers' store, 7 Collins-st- east, faoing the London Chartered Bank. One oall will prove tho faot. 735 TAKE NOTICE. Bargains. Bargains. Bargains. fflMJE entire stock of clothing, shirts, silk handkeroheifs, hats, boots, rugs, blankets, oil— olotbe, eto., now selling at half pbiob. fob one month only, At Richabds's noted, oheap, and far-famed gold- . diggers' store. 7 Collios-st. east, faoing tho London Chartered Bank. One oall will prove the faat. 735 TAKE NOTICE. Bargains. Bargains. Bargains. npi-IE entire stock -of clothing, shirts, silk handkerchiefs, hats, boots, rugs, blankets, oil— olotbs, etc., now selling at half fbice, fob one month only, At Richabds's noted, oheap, and fur-famed gold-' diggers' store, 7 Collins-st. east, faoing the London Chartered Bank. One oall will prove tho faot. 735 ' TONES AND THOMAS Military Tailors, Woollon Drapers, and General Importers, have opened their new premises, 223, Elizabeth-st., North, nearly opposite the Catholic Cbnpel, in addition to the premises in their occupanoy At 222, Lonsdale Street, east, abovo Rowo's Circus. J. and T. respectfully invito attention to their re cent importations of Black, Blue, ana Scarlet Broadcloths, Gold Crowns, Gold and Silver Lace, Ornaments, and very choice selection of Mixed Melton Cloths, Bordered Tweed Bedford Cord, Together with tho most stylish assortment of Fancy Doeskins Ever offered to public notice in these Colonies. JONES AND THOMAS, Gratefully acknowledge tho large share of popular support that has crowned their eflorts, and assure their friends they will exert themselves to the utmost to maintain their proud position as Tailors to the People of Victoria. The Goods now opened, comprise the most valuable , Stock of Material for Gentlemen's Wearing Apparel, Ever imported in Melbourne. The Moire Flush, Moire Antique, Velvet, and Em bossed Silk Testings, alone enable Jones and'Thomo8 to Challenge Competiton. Orders for any Garmentexeouted Tastefully, and with Rapidity seldom equalled out of London. 223, Elizabeth st., North, and. 222, Lonsdale-st., east. Excellent Mackintoshes. 318 MUSIC ! MUSIC ! 1 MUSIC 1 !! JOSEPH WILKIE "V|"US!Cand Pianoforte Saloon, 15 Collins-st., has now on sale a large stook of superior Pianofortes by the best makers, English, American, Danish, and German, which will be sold at tho lowest possible prices, and will be carefully packed in their original cases, so that they can be safely sent to any part of the oountry. £000 Violins from 6s. each Wind instruments of all descriptions Concertinas, English and German Accordeons and Ffutinas at greatly re duced prioes Banjoes and Tambourinos Musical boxes in great variety Tutors for all instruments The newest music, inoluding songs, pol kas, waltzes, galops, quadrilles, &o.; Teaohers and -schools supplied on 'the most liberal terms. Tne following are a few of the most popular songs and dances now on hand :— Pop goes the Weasel Lee Polka Spirit of the Ball Galop Belvoir Polka Derby Gallop News from Homo Quadrilles Mandoline Waltzes Rose -Quadrilles ' Ben Bolt, i L'Echo-du Mont Blano Polka Prima Donna Waltzos Old Folks at Home ' Bride Elent Waltzes I Alma Quadrilles The Mistletoe Penelope at her Task Macbeth Quadrilles Home Gilt Songs My Lov'd Cot on the Shore Andalusian Quadrilles Blue Bell Polka .Juvenile Ball Quadrilles The Last Gift Mary Callinack Polka In the Devotion Hear me Norma, etc. Pianofortes lent on hire. New or secdnd-hand pianofortes bought or "taken '. in exohange. Joseph Wilkie, anxious to cultivate an up-oouutry ' trade, guarantees the strictest attention to any ooun try orders he may be favored with. Storekeepers supplied upon the most liberal terms. V All letters must he prepaid 393 fiARGOOD, KING, & Co. are now opening out tho following choice shipments, to whioh they invite the attention of Up-oountry Storekeep ers, and tho Trade generally. Ex Sumatra, Eutorpe, and Koh-i-noor. Mon's and boys' mole, cord, doeskin and woollen cord trowsers Pilot Jackets, serge shirts and felt hats Ex J-ames Booth, Eagle, Crest ol the Wave,— Mens' kid gloves, regatta and white shirts, washed and boxed Women's and ohildren's.underolothing Plush and fancy trimmed bonnets Children's trimmed plush hats .Ribbons, sewed.muslins, and lace goods ' Ex Eilon Castle,— 2000 Aberdeen half hose 3 cases combs, comprising book, dressing, side,- and small tooth Ex Fatiiaa, — 12 oases colored straw bonnets Ex Barraokpore and Persia,— 36 in. and.72iu. greys, and cotton tioks Blue, scarlot and grey blankets Printed Druggets and green baizes Linen and ootton damasks and table linen Union and worstod damasks und moreen To land, ex Andromaohe,— Heavy 36 in. greys suitable for tents 31 Plindors-Bt., near the bridge, 350. QLASGOW WINE & SPIRIT STORE! 218, Elizabeth Street, North Melbourne. ' F. S. COULTHARD would respeotfully oall the attention of parties visiting town, to his Stock of Wines and Spirits, imoortoil by himself expressly for .a first-class trade. A trial solioited, 285 TUALUABLE HORSES, sick or lame, are oured or relieved by John Miscamblo, Veteri nary Surgeon (first-class silver medalist,) Arcade lane, Little Bourke-st east. 620 1 rtOft HEAD STORE CATTLE.— Edw. ROW & Co. have for sale 1009 head of superior store cattle. For particulars apply at the Office, Bourke-st west. 630 JTJ.ALVANIZED Tinned Iron, corrugated and plain Galvanized tinned iron tiles Plumbio zino Guttor, ridging pipe' Gas and water tubing, -&o.; Mo be wood, Rogers. & Co., Melbourne. D.A. Cannan, ageut. 28 Flinaers-lane east- 473 "fOR SALE at the stores of tlie under- . signed:— English loaf sugar in tins Fine white Cosiporo sugar in 1 owt-and 2 owt bags Finest yellow ditto Mauritius sugar Fine Mooha Coffee Brandy in hulk .Ditto in bottle Sherry (Jesse Hobsons) in do ' Port (do) in do Large quantity Calcutta doors and sashes ' Oilmen's stores Castor oil in oases No. 3 Manilla cheroots: William Hammill & Co., Marketr- squsre. -788 (HOLONIAL GARDEN SEEDS. — Bird- seed, troos, plants, shrubs and roots, froui tho oclobrated Camdon Nursory, on sale— Scotch store, 103, Great Bourke- strect, cast.— James Maodonald, seedsman. 699 OTIC E. — M'CAW AND ANSLOW most respectfully bog to intimato to Settlors, Cattle Dealers, and tho Public gonorally, that having beon strongly solicitou to enter into the t attle Trade, they have decided upon doing so, and for this purpose tboy are making arrang, „antsto seouro suitable yards at a short and convenient distanoo from town, where stook oan be kept in marketable condition. Their customers can therefore have the option of using those yards, fbee of charge, or the present Market lards, subject to tho usual rates. They further beg to intimato that it is their inten tion to oonduot their business on cash principles only. Account sales (less a commission 5 por cent.) will be rendered immediately after suoh salos ars effected, and they flatter themselves that, by auopting this line of proceduro, they vi ill not only simplify tho present mode of doing business, but also give greater satisfac tion to both buyer and seller ; and they pledgo them selves that, in their capacity as Auctioneers, or Com mission Agents, all stook entrusted to their oaro will meet with most prompt attention. The improvements in their premises for tho recep tion of horse stock are now comploto, and they .are thereby enabled to oondnct their daily salos under oovor, with comfort to tho public, in any weather, without deteriorating the value of the stook offered lor sole. They are also prepared to purobaso mobs of horses, when they arrive within fifty miles of Melbourne, at the highest market rates, should tho owner prefer selling instead of bringing them into the markotathis own risk. Parties who feel inclined to favor thom with a sliaro of their business, are earnestly requestod to forward particulars of the 6tock they intend bringing into, market when at a sufficient distance from town, in order that thoy may advise without delay as to the most favorable time for bringing it. forward ; as many ar6 in the habit of coming too hear Melbourne before being properly advised, and therefore are unable to obtain feed for their cattle, &c.;, should the state of the market make it desirable to hold back for a few days. Horse Repository, 63 Bourke-street, west, N.B.— Cash, advances, at Bank interest, made on stook or stations placed in our hands for sale, if re quired. 597 FULTON AND SMITH, Engineers, Shipsmiths, and Millwrights, Iron and Brass Founders, Plumbers, Blacksmiths, Wheel wrights, and Millers ; also dealers in the Articles be longing to these various departments. Commission Agents and Purchasers ol Gold. Flinders Street and Flinders Lane, west, opposite Coles' Wharf, Melbourne. 325 £JOAL MINERS WANTED Required for the Australian Agricultural Com pany's Coal Works, at Newcastle, a few good Miners. The present rate for getting and wheeling is six shillings per ton. A good miner is able to earn from 22s. to 24s. per day- Tho average rate of earnings throughout the works is 19s. per day for each man. The miners are provided with lodgings, but board themselves. None but good miners will be aoeept3d. For further particulars apply at tho office of— Lane and Wilks, Littlo Collins-st., opposito Police Office, 772 npO Confectioners and Storekeepers.— The undersigned have just received a large assort ment of Confootionery, including Lozenges of every description ; French Bonbons ; Preserved and Bottled Fruits, Bride Cake Ornaments, &c.; ; all of a character cell worth the attention of the trade. Williams and Clemes, . 19, Elizabeth Street, Melbourne. 3-1 W)S7TLL'IAMS and Clemes, Wholesale Drug- gist, No. 19, Elizabeth street, (between Flinders street and Flinders lane,) Melbourne. Importers of Perfumery, Brushes, Combs, &o.; Orders from the Diggings punctually attended to. 85_ TTIO Miners and Residents at the Mines. — Tho undersignod beg leave to inform their pa trons at tho various diggings in Vic'0"11 that, for the present, it is expedient to discontinue their Agencies until suoh arrangemont3 oan be .made as will facilitate the exeoution of orders from the in terior, by means of more perfect express lines than any at present existing. With tho exception, there fore, of Mr. George W. Hayoook, at tho Bondigo, no person is authorized to aut in any oapacity for the undersigned. Parties desirous of forwarding gold, gold dust, valuable parcels, or of remitting by bills of exobange to the United States, or England, can communicate by post or Government Escort, fully nssurod their wishes will meet with prompt attention. Wo for ward an Express, bi-monthly, by first olass sailing vessels, to tho United States, via Callao and the Isthmus of Panama (acknowedged to be the shortest route to the States), and by sailing vessols and steamers to our agents in Liverpool and London. All Treasure covered by insurance ; also parcels when desirable, and duplicate papers furnished. Gold dust forwarded to the Mint at Philadelphia, or the Bank of England, and placed to account of the shipper. Bills of Exchange (in sums not less than L.5, or 25 dollars; llnited States ourrenoy), drawn upon Messrs. Edwards, Sanford and Co., London ; or, Messrs. Adams and Co., in all the principal cities of America (payable in tho Canadas and British provinces), issued till within a few hours of the sail ing of each vesseL— ADAMS and CO., 69, Collins Btreet, west. 333 AMERICAN Axes, Shovels, and Picks, for sale, by MARTIN AND NORTON, 122, FliBders-lane, West. Agricultural Implements. TRON STORE, 14 x 50, 10 feet to eaves, made of galvanised corrugated iron, suitable for offioe or general store, on sale by MARTIN and NORTQn, 122, Flinders-lane, west. "RUHR STONE MILL for Sale, by MARTIN AND NORTON, 122, Flinders- lane, west. CAWING MACHINES for Sale, by MAR- TIN AND NORTON, 122, Flinders-lane, west. ' 451 C EEDS of all kinds for the Kitchen, Garden, and Pleasure Grounds— see Catalogues, W. LAW, Seedsman, 187, Little Collins-st., east. 452 "D BARBOUR and CO., Silk Merchants, Woollen and Linen Drapers, Hatters, Shirt Makers, and Outfitters, Tailors, Habit and Trowsers Makers, 119 and 121, Bourke-street, East, and 103, Russell-street. 453 fflHE best Artificial Teeth supplied by Jumes Cumming, Surgeon Dentist, 13, Swanston-st., opposite St. Paul's Church, at moderate charges. 447 "WOOL, Wool.— FLEl CHER, BROS., and 7 DAVIS, lato AVatson and Wight, receive Wool, Skins, and Tallow, for sale by publio auction, at their New Store, 25, Market-street. 448 T)R. JACKSON may be Consulted daily, at No. 50, Collins-st., oast. Hours of attendance, from 9 to 5. 449 CAMUEL THORP, Importer and Geneial W arehouseman of all kinds of Drapery and Slop Clothing' (late D. and M. Benjamin's store), 49, Gollins-st. Orders (or the Diggings or any part of the Country promptly forwarded. 450 AUSTRALIAN CLUB HOUSE.— Blaokwood-street, North Melbourne. Board and lodging, 35s. per week. Eiguty well-furnished bedrooms. 357 ALFRED DARVALL, -General Produce Stores, 77, Stephen-stkoet (next D. E. Long's Great Bourke-street, east), Melbourne. — Goods stored. , 599 CARGQOD, KING, & Co., Wholesale Drapers, Hosiers, Boot, Shoe, and Slop Mor- ohants, take this opportunity to apprise tboir up- oountry friends that the only establishment thoy aro now oonneotod with on the Diggings is their whole sale branch at pastlomaino, where a largo and well seleoted Stook is always on hand, undor tho superin tendence of their Mr. John A. Ewon, who will be happy to give prompt attontion to any orders that lie may bo fa/ored with. 3L Flinders-at., near tho Bridge, Melbourne. 830 JCJULE, JOHN & JAMEri, wholesale and rotail Drapers, Hosiers and Habordashors, 130 Bourke-atreot, east, Melbourne, 667 5UOTICE. — The business of the late firm of . I? Dight and Ruokor, of Cores Mills, and 13 Eliza beth-street, will bo continued by the undorsianed on his sole aooouut. VV. F. A. RUCKER. 670 QOUNTRY --ADDLERS' Orders executed by Loader, James and Co,, wholesale saddlors, I 110 King-street, Melbourne. ' 669 > rpo SHEEP -FARMERS, SETTLERS, " eto,, eto. , - Tho Undersigned has on hand for sale, large quan tities of the following artioles, and of the best descrip tion. 'J : - Wool paoks, lOlbs, m.-, .0:: | Arsenic . - . j . Corrosive sublimate ' ,, Tobacoo - / ; "'-v ' ; Tor . u-.-k-.'-.H.: .U | - Pitoh .. , , 1 t-orby s sheop'sheate . Blue stone - -- . Flour , ,1 . 3 1 Tea and sugar. Together, , ; , ; " With a variety of assarted Ironmongery; M- Connell, 89, Eliaabetn-street. . , >; . ' BAGS. Bags. Bags. — -60 bales of hemp corn aiid flour Bags and Saoks.— M. CONNELL, 89, Elizabeth-street. 1 . ' t O LET. — A House in St. Kilda, situated 6 in Clyde Place, near tho Royal Hotel. Apply, to M. Connell, 89, Elizabeth-street; or, Mr. William Hutoheson, Hound Inn, Brighton Road, who will show the premises. qpo BE LET OR SOLD.— A New House in Errol-street, adjoining Viotoria-street, east of the Bonevolent Asylum. Apply to M. Connoll, 89, Elizabeth-street. - npo LET. — The House No. 1, Connell's Terrace, Viotoria-stroot. west of the Benevo lent Asylum. Apply to M. Connell, 89, Elizabeth- Btroet. rfT\IL. Oil. Oil. — A fresh supply of several hundred gallons of sperm oil, in casks from 50 to 60 gallons enoh, warranted to be the beet quality. Also a quantity of black, boiled and raw oils, for sale at M. Connell's, 89, Elizabeth-street. 725 GINGER BRANDY! GINGER BRANDY ! fTTlHE only house in Melbourne where this delicious <;ordial, so much in request in Eog- land, is to bo obtained, is at Geaht and Vooel's, 32 and 34, Minders-lane east. 616 4TJ OYAL RAILROAD HOTEL (late Sham- rock Inn), corner of Elizabeth -street and Flinders-lane, near the Railway station, Melbourne, Babtholomew Wheeleu, proprietor.— This houso is newly erected, and has been fitted up regardless of expense, for the aooommodation of visitors, having thirty bedrooms, and excellent ventilation. An Ordinary daily at one o'clock. Superior wines, spirits, ale aiid porter, at moderate oharges. 722 VICTORIA VOLUNTEER RIFLE BR1- GADE.— At a meeting of committee for tho above object held at the Meohanics' Institute, 17th June, 1854, the Right Worshiplul tho Mayor in the chair, it was unanimously resolved : That advertise ments be forthwith inserted in tho local newspapers, inviting the citizens to send in their name3 lor en rolment. The following rules and regulations wero also adopted : 1\. That it is iuoumbent on tho Inhabitants of this Colony to be prepared against any emergenoy whioh may arise out of the existing state of pubiio affairs in Europe, and for this purpose some system of defensive organization is essential. 2\. That with a view of supporting Government in the present unprotected state of this Colony, and in oruer to give praotioal expression to the feeling of loyal y to our beloved sovereign, and of attaohment to this oolony and its institutions, it is resolved that a Brigade be established under thetitloofthe"Viotoria Volunteer Rifle Brigade." 3\. That tho Brigade shall be governed by a Colonel Commaudunt, and suoh other officers as may here after be selocted. 4\. That each membor shall provide himself with arms, aocoutrementB, and clothing, and shall defray the personal expenses. That to cover tho general ex penses of tho Brigade, an annual subsoription of 21s. bo required of eaoh member. 5\. Tnat all persons desirous of serving as Volun teers shall be approved by the Mayor and Bench of Magistrates in each town. 6\. That all regulations of the Brigade shall be sub mitted for approval to His Excelleuoy tho Lieutenant Governor, and that His Excollenoy bo respeollully re quested to accept of tho Colonelcy-in-ohief of the .brigade. Printed Forms of Application, and any other in formation required, may bo obtained by applying at tho Town Hall, Swanston-streot, from tho secretary, King-Btreet, opposite Immigration Depot, Mel bourne, or Irom any of the Mombcrs of Committee. Applications to be sent in to tho Town Hall, ad dressed to the Honorary Secretary of tho Rifle Bri gade, und endorsed " Application tor Enrolment." By order ol the Committee, — John Scott, Hon. Seo. 723 the Inhabitants of Mebourne and its Vicinity. — Opening of the Great Western Genoral Drapery and Uutlitting Emporium, Nos. 101 and 102, Quoen-strcot, Saturday, 3rd Juno. D. G. ClrAKKE in returning thanks to his patrons for the very liberal support ho has received for tho past three years, begs to acquaiut the Inhabitants of Melbourne and its vioinity that in ordor to moot tho spirit of tho times, ho has at a great outlay, rebuilt the above new establishment, whioh he llauors himsoll will meet with tho approbation oi all, it having been his aim, regardless of oxpense, to secure premises se cond to nono in the Colony of Viotoria. In respect to tho stook, comment is unnecessary, the wholo having beon purohasod (or cash by competent buyers, and seleoted from the First Markets in the United Kingdom, prior to the contemplated War with Russia. It will therefore be his study to offer goods at suoh prioes as will defy competition. Tho various departments will consist of— , Bilks Shawls Mantles Drapery Haberdashery Gloves ' ' Hosiery . Laoe Embroidered muslins Millinery Bonnets Ladies' underolothing Blankets Rugs -Mattings Carpets PurasolB Umbrellas &o.; &o.; &o.; To the Outfitting and Men's Mercery Department, D. G. (.'. particularly calls attontion, being tne largest, best and oheapest stoolc in Melbourne- - Obsorve:— Nos. 101 and 102, Queen-street, Mel bourne, opposite the Theatre. 718 A & W. FERGUSON, Scotch and Eng- lish Warohouso, 101 Collins-streot, Eastern Hill, beg to inform tho Drapers of Melbourne, Gee- long, and storekeepers of the country generally, that by laie arrivals their stook is now replete with sea sonable goods, whioh aro now open for salo at mo derate 'prices. A large Btook of L. W. shirts, pants, navy, soarlot, and striped Guornsoy frooks, blue and . scarlot serge shirts, polkas, hose, and half hose, gloves, mufflers, nockorohiefs and ties, silk (and spun handkerohiofs, Bilks, satins, satinottos, French and British merinoes, oobourgs, orleanr, Australian orupes, prints (Hoylo's best,) derries, winsoy, embroidered and bayadere dresses, woollen shawls and plaids, l'aisloy filled shawls, &o.;, blaok, wliito, and drab moreens, I'urs, stays, and underclothing, laocs, sewed goods, ribbons, flowors French and British, drcs3 caps and lappets, woollen sleeves and caps, children's boots, hooters and gaiters, Astraoau muffs and boas, purses, port- mc-nnaies, perfumery, &o.; Small wares, silk, satin, and volvot bonnets, now est shapes, colored and wnito straw do,, gent's satiu and felt hats, cloth caps, &o.;, tvliilo and colored dressed shirts, watorproof ooats, leggings, Ac., um brellas, carpet bags, hollauda, calicoes all widths, long cloths, sheetings, tioks, damasks, pusks, diapers, linens, linen and uniou damask oioths, colored ootton and woollon tablo covers, oanvas, tarpaulins and tar paulin oanvas 18ft. wido, whito and suarlot flannels, blue and whito sorgo, blankets, colored rugs, whito counterpanes, Marseilles, toilet and Bolton quilts, druggets, carpets, India matting, tablo huizo, slops of all kinds, ninths, doeskins, oashmore.twoeds plain and I'anuy, tartans, galas, &o.;, &c.; ' 719 flHATTE RS ALL'S Horse Repository. — No- tioo. — Tho undersigned announoos that bo hus this day admitted Mr. Aloxandor Young into part nership in Tattorsall's Horso, Carriago, Livory, and genoral businoss ; consequently the firm will hoaco- forth bo conductod by Gilbort, Young, and Co. — Edward Gilbert. July lOLb, 1854. 731 (PJ.ILBERT, YOUNG, & Co. would invite publio attontion to tho splondid aooommodation afforded by tbeso extensive and commodious pro mises Cnrriors, diggors, and tho oountry oommunity gonorally, would do well to patronise this establish ment, as thoy aro dotorinincd to givo ovory facility to thoso who may do so. In addition to lirst-rato (Cod ing, their largo and oovorod-in yards givo a greator seourity to loaded druys than any othor establishment of tho kind in tho city. Tho horso eales aro hold daily at tv/clvo 0 clock, and liorios will bo recoivcd up to tho tiuio of salo. No favoritism will bo permuted. They would oarnostly solioit a trial, oonfldonl that tho advantages to bo dorived will bp duly approoiaied. I 732 TARPAULINS PRICE: CURRENT3 I ':Tenng— Net cash. ed : (-:>;> ?/-.- : I : „ 19 by . 12, 40e . . . , " I 10 by 14, '47s I ; ' 12 by 14,' 553" -«i.l 'l,> I ; 12 by 16, 633' . -r , I .. ; 14 by .18, 84s " "i I :' ' f 6', by 20;' 105s ' " «'-« I i- - Iff by 24,. 126s . '..t /.itvi ral.tol futil'. I : 20 by 80, L.10 . . -r 0j t,..--. ., . R : .24 by 30, L-12 , . , r I 1 80 by 88; L.10 : ' I 40 by 36, L.24 ' . " b , . 60 by 36, L.S0 ... " W. D. ScubField, wholesale and retail tent t. I paulin, national, and fancy. flag manufacturer ' An/ ! Bourke-streot, cast, Melbourne. ' : , , j Oilskin horso-oloths, waggon covers, roofs. 5 Tarpaulins and oil fabrics of every description - pared and in stock. y Q" . Flags and sign-boards lettered on tho shorten nolioo. 1 Flour, sugar and coffeo bags branded and labelled 0, ' otherwise. r L: "WATTS, M-KECHNlE am! CO., | " porters, and Qoneral "Warehousemen, ha vl I lately received a large' and well assorted stook I, I Goods,— 1 . | Ex Matilda Wattcnbaob f- Ex Persia & Ex Gladiolus 1 Ex Indian Queoa 1 Ex Guiding Star 1 Ex Crest of tho WaVe | Ex Crroaus gj ExBosphorus, j| Consisting of, viz r— B Silks, ribbons, shawls and mantles' I Silk velvets, orapos and paramattas f , Fronch merinos and double twills . | Coburgs,- Orleans, lushes and alpacas, iu fehtcfc 1 oolored and printed ' I \- Robes, in various textures and styles fi Wool tartans and gala plaids | Damasks, moreens and damask table covers I Calicos, prints aud oonntorpanes | Blankets, flannels and rugs 'i Printed druggets and baizes 1 Cotton sheets and 72 inch sheeting Shirts and shirt collars, white 8nd' colored U Carpet and leather travelling bags- | Umbrellas, silk and cotton f. Hosiery and gloves, in wool, merino, ootton, silt $ (co ' ' ' ' ' I Ladies stays, whits and colored, a good assortment I Lace goods i Bobbinet, plain and figured, in White and colored 1 Mosquito nets, various widths a Laoe falls, black, white and colored | Handkerchiefs, printed bandanas and neofc ties Cops and hats for men and youths, in Velvet, oloth, S tweed and alpaoas m Braces, various kinds, for men, youths and boyi Men's Guernsey and Jersey frooks | Men's blue, scarlet and fanoy ditto ' S Ready made olotbo9, a large assortment : | Boots and shoos .. | Hats, in silk and felt . 1 Diggers knapsacks S Broad oioths || Doeskins and tweeds H Puperhangings , ra China, earthenware, glass and filter . . ' 3 Polished flag stones for paving ' , fe Wooden and zino houses and stores ... || Patent mangles, and patent washing machines m Iron bedsteads ' '- ' f Twine : " ; . m Cigars S Walking canes, &o.; &o.; t m Temporary stores, 40 Little Lonsdale'-street, weit, ft Melbourne. 68 H (ThN Sale by the undersigned,— || Brandy, Martell's, hhds and oases S Do, Celerius'3 do ra Old Tom, Booth's, cases II Stout, Taylor's, hhds Do, London, bottles j| Porter, Byass'e, do M Ale, bottled g Liqueurs, cherry, ginger, &o; 1 ' S Chicory atd coffee s Cheese, Cheshire and Derby ' . Iq Arrowroot, West Indian || Ptokles, Batty' " " If Paper, ' Times' news, and double and single demy, | oombs ... . .,,, ., || Millinery, clothing, , boots and shoes, .hosiery, p oloth oaps, tweed -: " || Ironmongery, cutlery, carpenters' tools, pistols p Cooking stoves, umbrellas, potash, arsenic, etc p B lister and shear steel, toys p Sheetings B| Seine nets ' H H. BOX, 71i Little Collins-street west, Melbourne. » 663 I 15 EAR'S HORSE MARKET, AND CEN- I TBAL BALE TABD3. f| Reduction in Charges. , p Stabling free of Charge. ® From and after this aate a commission of 5 per beat ;| will be ahargod to purchasers (instead of 10 per oc-at || as heretofore) on all purohases of Live stook made it l| this Market. :j Vendors are informed that the otabling department, re (situated in Littlo Collins-street, at tne rear of ths Horse Market,) has been placed under the manage- ment of an efficient Head Groom, and that the best f.': attontion will bo Bhown. Horses arriving after market V-; hours, and intonded roB positive sale, are received »' at the stables, the use of which, including water and jy groomngo, is allowed to vondors PBBE of chabok, re. who cau either provide their own horse-koep, or ;'j purchase it on the premises at tho market price of the v: day. Unbroken stock and working bullooks aro also h received for salo on tho samo terius. . . Tho men in tho employ are Btriotly prohibited / i from dealing. — BEAK, WALLER and CO. i t; Melbourne, July 3rd, 1854. £; mfR. A. BEAUVAIS, Proprietor of the | European Hotel, Fitzroy-st., Collingvrood, ten minutes from the Melbourne Post-office, is ready to reooive, after today, boardors at £2 10s. a week, l|V inoluding a comfortable bod-room to eaoh two i|( boarders. Private parties will be accommodated at U the shortest pnssiblo notice, bcaidoa being able to reckon on excollont wines and brandies of firet-rate :> qualities, and tho moat regular attendance from eight o'clook a.m. to ton p.m. Frenoh and English oookery of tho choicest description. A commodious and sale storo is at tho traveller's disposal, and under a. Mr. B.'s own responsibility. Tho bar will open oa J the 1st of July next. 691 js- GEORGE HOTEL, NORTH MELBOURNE, r WILLIAM HALLI DAY, the proprietor of " tho above establishment, bogs to announoe ; , to his numerous friends, and the publio of Melbourne j'; that ho has opened tho abovo houso. It is his mten- I... tion to keep winos and spirits of tho firot quahty, i;: and trust that his long oxperionoo as proprietor ol a j; first-class house in Liverpool, may bo somoguaran- j j too for his attontion to the wants of thoso who may ire honor him with tlioir patronage. Ho assures the j < public that tbo ouisino will bo conduotod on superior j.v principle, and trusts that his general management ; v, will ensure that patronago it will bo his constant : Btudy to inorit. ... \ i Gentlemen nnxious to resido iu tho suburbs win find this a desirable position, it being only fit'eca , ; minutes' walk from tbo Post Offioe. . ' . Tho abovo houso oommaands a fino view of tho m \ and is very pleasantly situatod. t E'l Excellent stabling, with yard for drays. OR j,? (pOCKER, B ROTH EUS, Wholesale Drapers, b Wliolesalo Grocers. Wino and Spirit Morohanh. Importors and General Warehousemen, 58 Irittlo t Collins-streot, oast. , !| Immense oargoes having boon recently roooivea W | tho above Firm, tbo Trade of Molbourno and Coun- || try atorckoepors will consult their interests by Pur' ire ohusing at their Establishment. , fe. All orders transmitted to them executed anaoes- patobed with the greatest promptitude. . . E 'i'crms — Two- aud -a- naif cash, or bill at inter myontha. j| MATIONAL HO TBI"! Gbbat Boubke Street, East. gi F. A. HARRIS . , I (Late of the British Hotel, Port Adelaide,) , A Boga to inform tho Inhabitants of MblboubNB ana s its Vioinity, that ho has oponed tho abovo js CoiiHODions Hotel, , i? iVhioh will bo found unsurpassed for comfort snu f- moderate obarges by any house in Molbourne. . re, The Nleoptng Aooommodation i9 vety suporWi '.) orovy gontloman boing provided with a Separate Bedroom . > Tho viotv from tho Bedrooms is unsurpassed, em" .- braoing a ; View of the Bay, . . „ With its magnifioont (loot, Riohmond, Flomingten, , the rotnantio Yarra, Williamotown, oto. ; in flee, . tho position of tho Hotol is so commanding tnat ovory plaoo within twonty milos ot Molbourne, oan 1 ho seon. , nt. The artiok: suppliod will bo nclootod from tho t>cs» stocks iu Molbourne. The Commercial Boom, . Ono of tho largest in Melbourne, la Always Upon lor tho Acuommodution of Morohants, Tradcsine'1 and Others. Printed .and published by Edwakd Han KINS, the Offlco of tho "Mount Alexander Mail , Mostyn-strcot, Castlemaino. 