SOUTH AUSTRALIA. From advices extending to the 1st inst., we glean the following: — The want of sanitary precautions in the city is a subject of great complaint. The Legislative Council is in session, but the proceedings offer nothing of general interest. A fellow lms been apprehended iu Ade laide on :i chaicre of stealing two irold watches. He lias for some time been im posing on the inhabitants under the style and title of Sir Henry Samuel Augustus Fri.'duriek Von Zeana, Premier Lieutenant j in the Polytechnic Institution at Copeu liagtm, Knight of the Royal Danish Military and Civil Orders of Danebrogan, M.R.A., &'-.'. There is ;i charge of forgery, as well as several eases of obtaining goods under false pretences, against the distinguished prisoner. The duty on wine is lowered from 2s. to Is. pev gallon, while that on spirits is raised from 6s. to 9s. The Hill was read twice in Council in une day, received His Excel lency's assent ou the same day, and came into operation next morning. The altera tion lias caused much dissatisfaction. The Legislative Council refused a vote of £ 10,000 to the Church of England Col lese, on the ground that it is a sectarian institution. A motion for requesting His Excellency to place on tbu estimates a sum of £ 7000, to assist the immigration of persons from file Western Highlands and the islands of Scotland, to South Australia, was unani mously agreed to. A Bill for simplifying the Equity Juris dirtion of the Supreme Court has passed through Committee. A Bill for incorporating the Mutual In surance Company lias been introduced, and read a first tiiuo. Tin' ' Register' writes :— Mr. Smith, of the Gawler Plains, having purchased one ofAdiimsons reaping machines, has reaped oats and barley in first-rate style. One of M'Connauk's mowing machines (patent, No. Ifi), was used eonsecutivi'ly, aud took away all the. straw that was left, before it had liwn trampled upon by horses or cattle, nnd as cleiin as if the mowing had been done by (he scythe. 