SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE ARRIVED. November 3, — Cecilia, Swedish ship, from Got- tenburg 9th July , Minna, schooner, from Canton August 12th ; John Bell, ship, from Glasgow 27th -July ; John Knox, ship, from Liverpool 12th -J i !y ; Calabar, ship, from Loudon 4:h August ; Empress Eugenie, sfciD, from Cork 30;h J"uiy; Apolline, barque, from London and Plymouth loth _ -.iiilv. . November 4. -Daiveland, barque, from London. 1 - Mth July.; Blanche, brig, from London 21st June.' . /November 5. — Marie Julie, Dutch barque, from ' I.Tn don July 7 ; Wodao, Danish ship, from Lon- ' thin 23rd July; Spartacus, schooner, from San ' / -ripntncisco 21st Anenst. . November -6. — Voorwearts, . Datch ship, "from London 28 th July; Begalan, Dutch brig, "from Lpndon 8th July/ rV./.-. November 7.— Ellen, Danish brig, from Valpa- .'raiso 7th August; 'Chamois, barque, "from Port ' Louis. Mauritius, 28th September; Tagal, Dutch -hip/from London "17tn July; Titania, barque, , f-om London' 21st July; Edward Marie, Dutch . : hip, from. London rtb-July; Neptancs, Dutch ship, from London 7th July. .'. November 8.— Flora, scbooner,'frttm Liverpool 2nd March, via SimonV-'Bay, Cape of Gndd Hope 27th September. Brothers, brig,' from'-Wick 15th .la! v. Burgameester-Van'Raenen, Dutch barque, \- from London 20th "July. Francis Cassimer, ' - French barque, ftom Bordeaux'2S;h7July. projected departures. \- For London.— Sent, 2nd December. Admira', 'December 1st. Blackwall, in" January. For Liverpool.— Marco Polo, in December. -For Southampton. —Calcutta, G.S.9.S., 11th ' November. For New Zealand- — Medway, esrly. Zingari, steamship, earlv. -For Madras.— Robert Passenger, -early. For Bombay. — Elizabeth, early. . ' F " For'Calcntta.— Loch'Lomond, early. "'-Yarmouth « early. ' . . For'Singspore.— Voyager, early. For Mauritius. — Rolla, early. For C.llao. — Flora Temple and -Village Belle, \eariy. '-'Thomas, Ann Cole, early. Kyle, early. " For Tahiti and'Sm Francisco.— City of Norfolk .(/(screw/steamer), '19th inst. . For Valparaiso.— "Catherine Dolores, early. For Port-Natal and Cape Town.— Anne, Nov. .. 15'h. SAILED. " November 7.— Robert and Betsy, -schooner, "for . -Mauritius ; Achilles, ship, for Hong Kong. SHIPS DUE.— Several large clipper ships are now due from Liverpool and London, and we may expect this month a large addition to our population. The Herald of the Morning, Clasmerden, and Delgany, three crack ships sailing from Liverpool, full of pas- sengers, are now over due, and there are several large emigrant ships from London, which may be looked for daily. The Marco Polo.— The passengers by this cele- brated clipper have presented complimentary addresses to Capt. Wild. This ship affords another instance of quick despatch. Since she arrived in Hobson's Bay, seven hundred passengers and about one thousand tons of goods have been landed, and a quantity of dead weight taken on board, besides coals and water. The Kent is advertised to sail on the 2nd December, and ' the Marco Polo ba3 been fixed to sail on that day also. \- This will afford an opportunity of etarting the two ships under equal circumstances, which has never \- occurred before, and the result of the passage home will be locked for with much interest. The Marco . "Polo has brought a great number of passengers (about " 3000) to tbiB colony than any other vessel in the trade, . and will no doubt bave numerous backers in the race. The Heloise, a large three-masted- schooner, has \--arrived at Sydney. She is 61 days' from' Valparaiso via Tahiti, at which latter place the Swarthmorewas undergoing repairs of damage sustained in a gale of wind. -Her gold was lodged at the office of the Ameri can consul. She would be- -detained two or three months. Sale oe the Geeat Republic.— The hull of the clipper ship, the Great Republic, which was nearly \- destroyed by Are in December last, was sold at .uo- ticD, at the Merchants' Exchange, by Mr. Hoffman, for 28,250 dollars— one third cash, ono third in thirty days, and the balance in sixty days. Captain Ptlmer, the well-known China oaptain, was the purchaser,. \- and it is understood that ho intends to rebuild her.— San Francisco' Herald. Newcastle, N.S.W., Oct. 31.— The Ellenborough has had a rathrr long passage of 107 days from South ampton, which has been occasioned by her being very deep; having encountered most dreadful weather and losing a number of spars on the passage. She brings brings 399 immigrants, principally English, and all in good health, 100 of whom are for the Railway Com pany, the remainder are chiefly agricultural labourers Wreck op the Chablotte Troop Ship, in A lgoa -Bay,— -W e extract the following from aP.S. to the Port Elizabeth Telegraph, 22nd September On Tuesday last, the ship Charlotte, -556 tons, B. Afflicb, commander. haviDg detachments of the 27th regiment on board for Calcutta -put into t his port for w aler, which was commenced being supplied immedi-. atcly by the tank-boat; a quantity was put on board, during the day, but not sufficient for tho supply. On Wednesday morning a heavy sea commenced, setting into the bay, with moderate southerly wind, which increased towards noon, and being more to the 6.E. a signal was made from the l'ort Office to strike topgallant masts and yards, and prepare for a gale, which was attended to immediately. During Wed nesday night the wind freshened considerably, but not to such an extent as to cause any anxiety for the safety of the shipping. A very heavy sea continued to roll '.. in, preventing any communication from the shore. About 5 o'clock the Charlotte made the signal " I have parted," and at hsff-past five she was observed to be -drifirg to the northward, having parted her second ' -bower. An attempt was then made to beat the vessel out, all available canvas was set, ani the vessel stood to the eastward, apparently making good way; but having no fnrc- top sail bent, and the top-gallant masts struck, thus preventing the yards from being hoisted np, it was impossible to stay her, and they were. \- -obliged to wear. At 8 o'clock the vessel had stood towards the shipping, and again attempted to wear : \- the wind had, however, by this time fallen light, and not having sufficient canvas set she drifted in towards the shore and eventually Btruck on the rocks at the -end of Jetty-street. Every attempt was then made to communicate with the vessel. The life-boat had been . sent to tbe.head of the bay, hoping the ship would be ."beached tfcrre, although it would have been im possible to launch a boat over the rocks had the boat . been on the spot. Manby's apparatus was then taken -. down, and under tho able direction of Lieut. SimEOu, 'of H. M. 8. Hydra, a rope was thrown several times over the vessel, but from some misunderstanding, or —want of ropes, tbc communication was lost. The ' nreBsel had by this time settled considerably, and tho :>ea making a complete breach over ber. It was then 'proposed launching the life boat from the beach to the southward, to endeavour to get a warp from the how of the vessel to the shore. The life-boat suc ceeded in reaching the ship three several tines. But by this time the vessel had settled down on her star board side so muoii that the men were standing up to . their waists in water, and no warp or rope could be 'obtained. In a hot attempt to communicate, the iifo boat was filled,and driven-on the rocks, where she was knocked to pieces, and the crew narrowly escaped. "The vessel was now evidently breaking up fast, and at «ne o'clock too poop and mizen mast separated from the foro part, leaving a great number of soldiera and sailors on the forecastle. The -poop drifted towards ' the rock«, and nearly all on that part of the ship were saved.,,, In less than half an hour afterwards the bow of the vosfekt.urced completely over, and every soul . .on that part'iuust have perished. The unfortunate —people thus savEd'wero immediately provided for, as ..-;v fat as circumstances would admit, by the inhabitants, .y I who vied with c-ach other in their endeavours to com- A//"- fort tbo fufferers. At daylight not a vestige of tho ill-fated vessel was to be seen; where she was wrecked a mo s of broken masts and timber entangled in ropes apd tern soils, strewed the beach. Immediately search vers made for the bodies of those who hed perished, and during the morning twenty-three were recovered, a portion of whom wero conveyed to their last resting place before dark, followed by all tho troops in the garrison, ar.d a crcat number of thd inhabitants. Everything that humanity can suggest has been done for the survivors, and a sum of nearly £400 lias been subscribed towards tlieir relief. Tho crow consisted of 17 British and 4 foreigners, the captain and son, and 1st. and 2nd officer. Of these the following are the survivors— Captain Aflli'oh, bis son, 1st offioer, apd the butcher, sletvard, cook, and 2 others— total lest, 62 soldiers. 11 v.nncc,' and 23 children. Another report srys- Of tho ICS soldiers somo 118 wero saved, whilebut 5 women. out of 16 were rescued. Thepoor bhildren, 28 in number, nil perished, with the excep tion of one ; the falling of a boat or spar havingcaused tb« death of orcwouifin nnd iluco children. Some of flic bodies ot' th<"-e poor children (somo infantf-) trrre driven it) by I ho wsves, and picked up, together with Jarre quar titirs of the wreck. So melancholy a Fpeetncle ha? never been witnessed in this town 85 that j.Tcseutr.d by tbc porr baif-olad creatures congregated joruid tho hrcs and lamenting tho loss of their wives and children, while giving tfcftokg for their own escape. 