SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (Abridged from the Empire and Herald.) ARRIVALS. March 23 —Perseverance, brig, 235 tons, Captain Jewell from Newcastle the 18th inst. 23.— General Urbistonolo, Spanish steamer, 180 tons, 110 horse power, Captain Barara, from Manila January 2nd, and Newcastle the 23rd instant. Passenger—Mr. H. Hall, Super- cargo. 24.—Adventure, schooner, 100 tons, Captain Simpson, from Melbourne 16th instant. 24.—Albert, Danish barque, 360 tons, Cap- tain Lange, from Copenhagen via Melbourne 15th instant. 24.—Alexander Bertrand, French barque, 228 tons, Captain Guilleoni, from Mauritius 1st February. 24.—Burnett, brig, 150 tons, Captain Prin- gle, from Wide Bay 16th March. Passengers —Mr. and Mrs. Foster and family (3), Mr. and Mrs Bradley, Messrs. Fleming, Landborough, Livingston, and Little. 25.—Magnolia, American ship, 650 tons, Captain Patterson, from Melbourne 17th inst. Passengers—Mr. and Mrs. Shadwick and child, Mrs. Levy, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hobbins, and 8 in the steerage. 25.—Malacca, ship, 589 tons, Captain Cole- man, from Valparaiso December 6, Coquimbo December 19, and Tahiti February 15. Pas- sengers—Mrs. Coleman and family, and Mr. Fletcher. 26.—London, (s.), from Melbourne 23rd in- stant Passengers-Mr. and Mrs. Dawson and child, Mrs. Hutting, Mrs. Colridge, Mrs. Hast- ings and child, Messrs. Martin, falconer, Gor- don, Korff, Lick, Ennis, Bennett, Mead, Abra- ham, Smith, Pool, Ballock, Forgarty, J. M'Donald, A. D. Smith, Baker, H. and W. Simpson (2), Calhoun, Hastings, Parson!?, Berry, Sibbert, Brown, Hine, and 68 in the steerage. 26.—Jenny Lind, schooner, 135 tons, Capt. Watts, from Port Curtis 27th February, and Wide Bay 20th instant. Passengers from Port Curtis—Dr. Gray, Mr. Briscon, and 5 in the steerage. From Wide Bay—Messrs. Living and Wilmot. 26.—Volant,brig, 154 tons, Captain Robin- son, from Moreton Bay 21st instant. 26.—John Wesley, mission brig, 250 tons, Captain Royal, from Auckland 9th instant. Passengers — Rev. T. Adams, Mrs. Adams and 3 children, Rev. Mr. Whewell, Mrs. Sawkins, Mrs. Ryle, Mrs. Ward and 2 children, Miss Hazlewood (2), Mr. Blake and daughter, Mr. Needham and son. 26.—Souvenir, schooner, 64 tons, Captain Witham, from Moreton Bay 21st instant. Pas- sengers—Mr. Thompson, and two in the steer- age. 26.—Jeremiah Garnett, ship, 445 tons, Cap- tain A. Edie, from Hamburg 25th November. Passengers—Messrs. Sloman, Sinder. 26.—Sir John Harvey (s ), 600 tons, Cap- tain Mailler, from Melbourne the 23rd instant. Passengers—Mr. Edwin Tooth, Miss Lewis, Mr. James Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Hardman, Mrs. Dunn, Mrs. Walter, Mrs. Baxter, Miss Fitz- gerald, Miss Snell, Mrs. Gray and family, Mrs. Lenn and family, Miss Condie, and Messrs. Gibson, Gladding, Sparke, Bolton, Scott, Moo- ney, Clarke, Tucker, F. Goodman, Ward, Seg more, Berry, Way, Crawford (Dutch Civil Ser- vice), Mrs. Crawford, Pierce, J. Gray, F. Stone, Oakden, Lean, Fisher, Seymour; and one hun- dred and twenty-one in the steerage. DEPARTURES. March 23.—Asa Packer, for Moreton Bay. 23.—Tasmania, (s.s ), for Melbourne, re- sumed her voyage. 23.—Cygnet, for Kiapara. 23.—Esther Frances, American, for San Francisco, via Newcastle. 23.— Fettercairn, (s.s.), for Geelong. 24.— South Carolina, for Callao. 24.— Wanderer, for Melbourne. 24.— Eweretta, for Guam, via Newcastle. 24.— Mary Nicholson, for Morpeth. 25.— Palermo, for Moreton Bay. 25.— Julie (Swede), for Batavia. 25.— Bella Vista, for Moreton Bay. 25— Prince of the Sear, for London. 25.— Uncle Tom, for Melbourne. 25.— Sarah Ann, for Melbourne. 25.— Hellespont (s), for Melbourne. 26.— Hindoo, for Batavia. 26.— Lady Jocelyn, for Callao. 26.— Kate, for Manila. 26.— Emma, barque, for Melbourne. 26.— Terror, for South Sea Islands. 26.— Mary, for South Sea Islands. CLEARANCES. MARCH 23.—Prince of the Seas, ship, 1428 tons, Captain Brown,for London. Passengers —Mrs. Barnett, Mr. and Mrs. Farmer, Mr. and Mrs. Simmons, Mr. and Mrs. Moran, Mr. and Mrs. Potch, Miss Rough ton, Mr. and Mrs. Weekes, Mr. and Mrs. Moore, Messrs. Sim- mons, Prevost, Scott, Taylor, and 24 in the steerage. 23.—Fettercairn, (s.s.), 220 tons, Captain Allen, for Geelong. Passengers — Mrs. and Master Barney, Mrs. Coleman, Mrs. Leary, Mrs. Dowling, Messrs. Greenhill, and Wil- liams. 23.—Esther Frances, American barque, 227 tons, Captain Cracker, for San Francisco via Newcastle. Passengers—Mrs. and Miss Hig- gins, Mr. and Mrs. Biggs and child, Misses Neagle (5), Messrs. Hampton, Stevens, Allen, Dyer, Neagle (4), Collins, and M'Donald. 23—Terror, schooner, 95 tons, Capt. Road, for South Sea Islands. Passengers— Mrs. Rodd, Captain Padden, Messrs. Gillis, Cawen, G. Walker, T. M'Kane, J. Lee, and 30 natives of the South Sea Islands. 23.—Emma, barque, 191 tons, Captain Kelly, for Melbourne. Passengers—Mr. and Mrs. Somers and 3 children, Mrs. Howard, and Mr. Scott. 23.—Palermo, brig, 135 tons, Captain Wy- born, for Moreton Bay. Passengers—Mrs. Wyborn and family, Mr. and Mrs. Webb, Mr. Bahim, and five in the steerage. 23.—Bella Vista, barque, 189 tons, Captain Murphy, for Moreton Bay. Passengers — Mr. and Mrs. Barould and two children, Messrs C. and J. Cameron, Dowling, Hayes, Mr. and Mrs. Childs, and nine in the steerage. 24.— Mary, schooner, 110 tons, Captain Hoseason, for the South Sea Islands. Passen- gers—Madame Boyndour, Mrs. Candebow, Messrs Malfilatre, E. L. Granal, Peysson, Dafiel, Binnuet, Gourdal, Hondelow, and Vil- lain (2). 24.— Gipsy, schooner, 45 tons, Captain Chalk, for Twofold Bay. Passengers— Mr. and Mrs. Boyland and son, Mr. and Mrs. Wells, Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Hyde, Mrs. Murray, and 3 in the steerage. 25.— Spray, American schooner, 320 tons, Captain James Hall, for San Francisco. Pas- sengers — Mrs. Hall, Messrs. J. F. M'Connell, W. Buchanan, A. Dwyce, and S. Sheffen. 25\. — Hellespont (s.s. ), 324 tons Captain R. F. Pockley, for Melbourne. Passengers— Mr. and Mrs. L. Wilson, Mrs Sams and child, Messrs. W. Fairfax, W. Jonson, Bardwell, Ap- pert, Roddin, Wenman, M'Canney, and 56 in the steerage. ARRIVALS OF COASTERS. March 24. — Elizabeth Ann, Susannah, Black Diamond, Jenny Lind, Frederick Griffiths, Jessie, Elizabeth, Agnes Napier Jane, Twins, and Elfin, from Newcastle, with 729 tons coals, 4000 bags grain, 10 tons pota- toes, 20 tons and 300 trusses hay; Thistle (s.), from Morpeth, with 89 bales wool, 120 bags potatoes, 90 bags onions, 70 bags wheat, 6 boxes eggs, 4 coops fowls, 4 horses, 39 pigs, and sundries. 25.— Iron Prince, from Morpeth, with 4 bales wool, 40 trusses of hay, 17 cases apples, 80 bags onions, 40 bags maize, 110 bags maize, and sundries; Tamar (s.), from Morpeth, 87 bales wool, 69 bags onions, 49 bags potatoes, 191 hides, 1 bag flour, 4 bags flour, 28 sheep 20 pigs, and sundries. The General Urbistonolo is a small Ameri- can built steamer, worked by a single beam engine, of 110 horse power, and her capabilities for speed are favorably spoken of. Since leav- ing Manila she has had a succession of hard gales from south to south-east, which have con- siderably protracted her passage: in fact she has only been 37 days under weigh, the re- mainder of the time having been employed in getting wood or coals at Wide Bay, Port Stephens, and Newcastle; the latter place she left at half past eight yesterday morning, and entered the Heads at three p.m. of the same day. She reports the Sophia, schooner, in the Straits of Malacca, bound to Sydney, and also the brig Lightning, a little to the southward of Cape York, 9 months out, fishing for beche-le mer, and bound to Singapore. — March 24. The Albert is originally from Copenhagen, having merely called in at Melbourne without breaking bulk. The Sir John Harvey, steamship, left Ade- laide on the evening of the 14th instant, and on the following day spoke the steamer Havilah, with machinery disabled, and under sail, about 100 miles S.W. of Cape Willoughby, steering for Adelaide, having been out a week. She left Port Phillip Heads at 9 a.m. on Thursday; met the Chusan, steamship, off Cape Patterson, at noon on Thursday; also two steamers on Fri- day, steering towards Cape Howe. The Sir John Harvey arrived at the Heads at 8 p.m on Saturday, thus making the passage in 60 hours, against a continuance of strong head winds. The London has made the passage in 56 hours. Captain Watts reports that two vessels were driven ashore on Tuesday night, on the beach, but he thinks they will be got off with- out much damage. The Malacca is bound to Adelaide, and has on board 223 mules, consigned to the Adelaide Copper Smelting Company; five died on the voyage. She has called in here for the purpose of taking in water and fodder for the mules, and will sail for Adelaide in a few days. The Magnolia, from Melbourne, has had nothing but hard gales during her passage to Sydney. She is bound to San Francisco, for which port she will leave early next month; in addition to about 150 tons of ice, original cargo from Boston, already on board, she will immediately haul alongside the Queen of the Seas, and tranship the ice which still remains on board that vessel. The John Wesley, which arrived yesterday, is last from Auckland (N.Z.) , she reports the arrival of the Penyard Park, on the 6th inst.; the whole of the sheep (500), with the exception of five or six, had died during the passage. She also reports an eruption that had taken place at the Island of Nenafooa (Friendly Islands), on 26th June last, by which twenty-five people were killed, and only eighteen persons escaped; the whole village has been destroyed, the lava taking a course of 3.5 miles long, by three quarters of a mile in width. Violent shocks of earthquake were felt previous to the eruption. —March 27. The Burnett brings up 200 bales wool. A brother of Mr. John Ross, a settler had been murdered by an aboriginal belonging to the station, in a quarrel. He had not been apprehended when the Burnett left.— March 24. The Jenny Lind, from Port Curtis and Wide Bay, brings as cargo 120 bales wool, and 2 tons flour, and reports the Tom Tough, at Wide Bay, on the 18th, and Spitfire on the 19th instant. A steamer, supposed to be H.M.S. Torch, was seen on the 23rd off Solitary Island. The Volante, from Moreton Bay, has on board 5 casks tallow, 40 bales wool, 20 logs pine, 30 bags flour, 20 casks cocoa-nut oil, and sundries. The City of Melbourne (s.), and H.M.S Calliope, arrived on the 21st instant. The brig Perseverance, reported as getting on shore at Bradley's Head, on Thursday, came off again at high water without receiving any damage.—March 25. The Thistle having to undergo her usual survey, will not sail for the Hunter during the week. The Rose will take her days of depar- ture, as per advertisement,—March 25. The Iron Prince (s.), arrived on Saturday morning from Morpeth. She was detained in the river, in conseqnence of some trifling acci- dent happening to her boiler. She left for Mor- peth again on Saturday evening. The Tamar passed a brig and barque, be- calmed, in Newcastle offing, going in abroad of Red Head : also passed two barques, going to the northward, off Bird Island.—March 27. THE PATENT SLIP.—The William Miskin (s.), was launched on Friday, and will sail for Morpeth on Wednesday next. The Royal Sovereign was taken up on Saturday, and is getting her copper repaired.—March 27. The Australasian Steam Navigation Compa- ny's steamer Shamrock underwent a trial trip on Thursday afternoon, with the Government Sur- veyors, Mr. Cuthberts, and Mr. Evans of H.M.S. Acheron, on board She has under- gone a most thorough overhaul both in hull and machinery; the results of which were, that in the trip yesterday, when steaming against the strong gale of wind from the west- ward that prevailed, her engines made three re- volutions per minute more than on her trials on former occasions. She will resume her trips to Melbourne for the present, but we understand that as soon as the City of Sydney and some of the other new boats of the company arrive, she will be placed on the Moreton Bay line, for which she is peculiarly adapted.—March 25. MELBOURNE SHIPPING;—ARRIVALS: March 15\. George Avery, from Hongkong; Albany, from New York; Bucephalus, from Glasgow 10th November; Caldee, from Manila. 18, Alfonso, from San Francisco. 19. Rory Brown, from Gloucester; Grecian Queen, from Sourabaya; Anne Milne, from Leith 8th December; Ocean Steed, from New York 16th December; Jacob, from Algoa Bay; Valliant, from Bourdeaux; Belatrix, from Amsterdam; Standard, from Quebec; Roderick Dhu, from Glasgow 9th December; Cornelius, from Liver- pool 11th November; Wilhelmina, from Ham- burg 20th November; Elizabeth, from St. John's, N. B.; Marlborough, from Plymouth 1st January; Gem, from Morpeth; F. Ryman, from Newcastle, New South Wales; Shamrock, from Hongkong and Singapore, with 131 Chinese. 20. Persia, from Birkenhead 22nd; December, with 382 emigrants; W. B. Dean, from St. John's, N.B. 21. Kent, from Ply- mouth, with Government immigrants; Thomas Fielding, from Glasgow; James, from Leith, 22\. Don Pedro II; Janet Dickson, from Eng- land; Island Home, from Menee. The Marlborough has made the passage from London to Melbourne in seventy-eight days; her former outward trip was completed in seventy-five days, and the run home in eighty- two days. ANOTHER MURDER.—Burrandong promises to become as notorious for its bloody deeds as the township of Mudgee, and another celebrated locality, whose name it is unnecessary to pro- nounce. On Saturday week two policemen met at Finley's public house, Butler's Flat, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when one of them threatened to report the other, named Young, who was in liquor, unless he proceeded home. Scarcely had he uttered the words before Young darted off for his pistols, with which he speedily returned, but his comrade, being mounted, gal- loped off. Baulked in his murderous purpose, Young returned to the house, and was accosted by a man known by the cognomen of "Pros- pecting Peter," who was leaning upon the coun- ter, with the words, "you are too fast with those piotols," to which the trooper replied—"Ill let you know who I am," and at once presented a pistol and fired. The ball entered the unfortu- tanate man's belly; he lingered until ten o'clock in the evening, when he expired. An inquest was held on Monday, when a verdict of wilful murder was returned. Young has been forwarded to gaol to await his trial at the next Circuit Court.—Bathurst Free Press, March 25. FATAL ACCIDENT.—We regret to say that the steamboat Swallow, employed in the trade be- tween Brisbane and Ipswich, sunk alongside Messrs Towns and Co's. wharf, at South Bris- bane, early on Monday morning last. She had come down from Ipswich with a cargo of forty one bales of wool, all intended to be lightered down to Cleveland for shipment there. The cargo was left on board for the night, and three men were in charge, when the vessel (which had long been in a leaky state, and required con- tinual pumping,) showed symptoms of sinking. The men got ashore, but the steward, named Richard Brandon, returned for the purpose, as is supposed, of securing some money which he had on board, when the vessel suddenly went down, and he was drowned. His body was found next morning, and an inquest was held thereon. The Swallow still lies where she sank, the deck being bare at low water. About half of the wool has been recovered, but the bales were saturated with salt water, and several of them burst on being rolled ashore. The steamer only lately underwent extensive repairs, at very con- siderable expense to the owners. The accident is very deeply to be regretted, as it has cost a loss of human life of a most distressing character, as we understand that the unfortunate deceased, Brandon, had sent to England for his wife and family to join him here. A serious loss is also sustained by the damaging of the wool, and the traffic of the district will be much retarded by the loss of the steamer. It is a providential circumstance, however, that she was not in deep water, and crowded with passengers when she sunk.—Moreton Bay Courier, March 11. THE FRENCH FLEET IN THE PACIFIC.—It will be seen in our shipping columns that, on the 7th ultimo, the French frigate La Forte, carrying the flag of M. Le Contre, Admiral Febvrier Despontes, Commander-in-Chief on the Pacific station, had sailed from Papete for Valparaiso.— Herald, March 27. SALE OF STEAMERS AT MELBOURNE.—The following steamers had been sold by Messrs. Stubbs and Son, during the week ending the 18th instant. The Melbourne, for £8,000; Lady Bird, £14,000; Keera, £9,250.—Herald. ACCIDENTAL DEATH.—On Friday last, a boy about fourteen years of age, named William Fisher, apprentice to Mr. Freeman, boot and shoe maker, George-street, whilst in the act of drawing a bucket of water, accidentally slipped into the well at the back of the premises. Another boy who was with him gave the alarm, and assistance being procured, he was found quite dead in the water, the skull having been severely fractured in the fall. An inquest was held upon his remains, when a verdict of acc- death was returned.—Bathurst Free Press, March, 25. THE CATHOLIC CHURCH.—Yesterday evening one of the largest meetings of the Catholic body which has ever been convened in this city, as- sembled in the Catholic Chnrch of St. Mary. The object of the meeting, as set forth in the placard, by which it had been announced, was to take into consideration the sudden and unex- pected departure of the Archbishop, Dr. Pould- ing, who sailed last week in the Chusan, accom- panied by the Vicar General, Dr. Gregory, with the intention of proceeding direct to Rome. At the appointed hour, half past seven o'clock, Mr. Justice Therry having been voted to the chair, proceeded to explain the object of the meeting, and the reasons which led to its being convened. He informed the assembly, that his Grace had resigned, or was about to resign, the mission of Australasia; and stated that he was, further, in position to inform them, that this step, on the DaH of the Archbishop originated in certain acts and manners, which conveyed to him (the Arch- bishop) the impression that he had lost the con- fidence of the people under his archiépiscopal charge. His Honor then entered into a lengthy explanation of the nature of the allegations and proceedings which led to the extreme course which his Grace had adopted. The matters re- ferred to belonging exclusively to the manage- ment of the Catholic Church in the colonies, and some of them being of a purely clerical nature, we refrain from reproducing them in our columns. The speaker, however, repudiated with warmth and eloquence the justice of the con)p!aints in question, some of which he charac- terised as perversions of truth, and the reverse 0f honesty. The first resolution, which was ex- pressive of the unbounded confidence of the Catholics of the Archdiocese in the administra- tion of the Archbishop, was proposed in an animated gpepch by the Attomey-Genersl, Mr. J. H. riuiikett, and having been seconded, was carried unanimously. The secoud resolution was proposed by the Venerable Archdeacon JIcEncroe, and embodied the desire of the Ca- tholics of the colonies for the return of his Grace, and resolved that, in pursuance of that desire, a petition, to be signed throughout the colonies, be transmitted to his Holiness, Pius IX, praying that he may decline to accept the resignation of the Archbishop. The form of the petition to he adopted was read, and the re- solution having been seoonded, was carried with acclamation. A third resolution, proposed by Mr. John Moore Dillon, expressive of the esteem in which the Catholic communities held the Very Rev, Dr. Gregory, V. G., also received the general assent of the meeting. The Attorney-General was then moved into the chair, and a vote of thanks to Mr. Justice Therry having been car- ried, the meeting dispersed.- Empire, March 27. Native Police.—The 5th section of this force has been despatched to the Clarence dis- trict, and the 8th section to Durundur, with instructions to visit the neighbourhood of the Pine River, in consequence of some rumours to the effect that Mr. Wm. Wilson, late of the Aurora, had been attacked by the blacks. We are happy to add that this report was un- founded, and that Mr. Wilson has returned safe and sound to Brisbane. Mr. Walker, the com- mandant of the police, procured nine recruits from amongst the aboriginal tribes in the neigh- bourhood of Brisbane. They are all young blacks, and will be quartered in another dis- trict.—Moreton Bay Courier, March 25. Shipmbnts of Gold prr "Madagascar." In reference to our remarks, in Saturday's issue, on the the protracted voyage of the Madagas- car, we have received the following letter from the Bank of New South Wales : "Bank of New South Wales, Sydney, 25th March, 1854.-Sir As the remarks in your commercial report this morning have given the impression to many that the Bank of New South Wales had 15,000 ounces of gold dust uninsured on board the Madagascar, supposed to be lost, I beg to in- form vou that the Bank had that quantity of gold on board, but that it was fully insured to tbe extent of ¿4 per ounce. Your insertion of this will oblige yours obediently, Alexander Stuart, Assistant Secretary.-Empire, March 27. Port Curtis.—Dr. Gray, the surgeon to the Government surveying party at Port Curtis, who returned to Sydney yesterday by the Jenny Lind, reports that the blacks have latterly proved very troublesome at the new settlement, and are daily beceming more aggressive. On a recent occasion three of the native police who had been sent ont to make a marked tree line, were attacked by a number of the aborigines. They were severely wounded with waddies and nulla- nullahe, and with difficulty escaped with their lives. During his absence, Dr. Gray has been " prospecting" in the neighbourhood of Vulcan's Creek, which presents every feature of a gold bearing country. The Doctor, on " wash- ing out" his first pan of earth, which was pro- cured about a foot from the surface, obtained only a quantity of emery ; at the second essay he was more fortunate, and procured one li»ht broad speck of gold. The third pan yielded ten sppcks. The gold found is of a coarse qua- lity ; and Dr. Gray has no doubt that if the country were properly prospected, gold would be found there in remunerating quantities. A German and party are diligently at work, pro- specting various localities, but uufortunately their efforts are greatly impeded in consequence of the hostile feeling exhibited by the natives. The country is thckly timbered with iron bark and swamp oak, and the continuous quartz ridges which intersect it at various points, are regarded as a sure evidence of its auriferous character. Empire, March 27. AdventdrousVoyaoeofa Small Steamer. A very small screw-steamer, built by Mr. Laird, of Birkenhead, for the Maule River, South Ame- rica, safely arrived at Valparaiso, on the 15th November. The Fosforo is only 43 tons regis- ter, 40 horse power, depth of hold 6 feet, length over all 105 feet. The crew consisted of the master and twelve men. The Fosforo is the smallest steamer that ever performed so long a voyage.-Speetator. 