SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVED. October 19. — Black Eagle, ship, from Liver- pool 16th July. Wild Rover, U.S. ship, from Boston, U.S. 13th July. Flora Temple, U.S. ship, from Liverpool 3rd August. Kent, ship, from Plymouth 2nd August. October 20. — Gertrude, U.S. ship, from New York 17th July. Thorwaldsen, ship, from Lon- don 5th July. October 22. — Henriette, French ship, from Bordeaux 24th June. Mindora, ship, from Liver- pool 25th July. October 23. — Neleus, ship, from Southampton 10th August. Lady Louisa, ship, from London 13th June. Maria Elizabeth, ship, from Liver- pool. 28th June. Wilhelm III., Dutch barque, from London 25th June. Marco Polo, ship, from Liverpool 23rd July. October 24. — Twee Gezusters, from London, 18th May. Bee, from Liverpool, 18th July. October 25. — Wines of the Morning, U.S. ship, 915[?] tons, H. H. Lovell, from New York 18th July. Passengers, cabin : Dr. Walker and lady, Mrs. Lovell, Messrs. Ross Love, Bradmaskt, Warring- ton, Peters, Ross, Kelley, Brown, James, Michaels, Bourden, Wright, and seventy two in the steerage. Rogers, Warfield, Lord, and Co., agents. October 25. — Christian, Danish ship, 333 tons, C. P. Peterson, from Singapore 10th ult., with one hundred and nine Chinese and European passen- gers. Charles Groot, agent. October 25.— Emma, ship, 1049 tons, Samuel Underwood, from Liverpool 28th July, with three hundred and thirty passengers in the intermediate and steerage. G. F. Train and Co., agents. SAILED. October 20. — Defence, ship, for Akyab. Val- paraiso, ship, for Batavia. Francis, barque, for Hong Kong. Historia, barque, for Akyab. Bride, barque, for Callao. Star of the East, ship, for Hong Kong. October 21. — Bulsersteyn, ship for Batavia October ' 24. — Alexander, and Shirley, vfor « Callao. English Shipping. — -The following vessels sailed from Gravesend since the date of previous despatches: — For Mr lbourne — Highlander, Ne- snder, August 4. Charlnlte Ann, Elizabeth, Aug. 9\. For Sydnry — Lady Eennaway, August 9. For Adelaide — Albemarle. August 8. From Li- verpool— Drie Vrienden, for Adelaide, Aug. 9. October 25. — Appleton, ship, for Bombay. projected departures '"For London.— Kent, 2nd December; Admiral, 7 1st December ; Chicora, early. For Liverpool. — Great Britain (s.), 28th Oct. For Southampton. — Calcutta, G. S. S., in No- vt mber. For Madras.— Robert" Passenger, early. For Bombav. — Elizabeih, early. ( For Hong Kong. — Rattler, early. """ For Mauritius. — Competitor, early '; 'Robert and ' Betsy, early. For Guam.— Pet; early. For CaTae.—' Tennessee, early ; Black "Warrior, caily; Glanee, early. For San Francisco. — Fanny Major, early. . For Valparaiso.— Catherine, Dolores, early. Homeward Bound Ships.— The Great Britain, — which' sails to-morrow, will, it is expected, take away : -a large number of passengers, and mo e gold than any wesset that has left for some time psst. The fine ship, ' the Kent, will be despatched for London on the 2nd Deoember, and the Admiral about the same time. Both these vessels are regular traders, and well known . the former especially, having aohieved a wide renown from her rapid pa3saees, and having on this voyage ' bea'en the' Marco Pelo a week,- although that ship sailed' ten days hefore her. The Marco Polo -made her fourth appearance in HobsonVBay on Monday morning, but unfortunately ber rnn out has not been so rapid as this ship has hitherto been so famous for, she- having sailed from the -Mersey on the 22nd of Jnly. She made the Equa tor in thirty -five days, having been becalmed ten days in the- Bay of Biscay. The run from the Cape of Good Hope to Cape Otnay occupied twenty-six days only : indeed this appears to be the only good weather which she fell iu with. The greatest num- her of miles perfoiracd in twenty-four consecutive ,-hours reaebeo 320, a run equal to many of the first ' clipper shirs. The passeDptrs generally had enjoyed good health, two or three deaths only occurring during 4,he passage. An unfortunate calamity, in the death of a young gentleman, me of the cabin passengers, . -took place on the 1st cf October. His name was ' William Gore Tipper, and he was carried overboard ' from a lurch of the ship, ana as the vessel was run- ning eleven knots at the time, and the night was dark, all hopes of rescuing the unfortunate young felfiw v.».-,vere given un. A sailor, natnrd- James Caldsr, had died from inflammation of the lungs. Two births had token plsce, tho mother of one c-f the infants, Mrs. Langford, having died' in childbed. Addresses ex pressive of the warm feelings entertained towards Captain Wild had been presented to that gentleman by the first and second cabin, as well as by tho in- t-ermrdiate passengers, tho majority of whom, speak very highly of his courteous hearing towards them, The Marco Polo brings a mail, consisting of -thirty- six baps of letters and newspapers; The Neleus has made a splendid run from South- ampton, in seventy-one days thirteen hours. Un- fortunately she brings no complete files of English papers. There were five births during the passage, and five deaths— four of the latter occurred in the Channel. There was no infectious disease on board during the whole run. She brings no cargo. Cap- tain Campbell contradicts a paragraph in the 'Gee- long Advertiser,' asserting that the Neleus had in- jured herself against the pier head at Southampton. The Neleus knocked down a portion of the pier, with- out doing herself the slightest damage. Thi? Kent.— Among the-arrivals reported in our ; shipping list appears the name of our old friend tho Kent, which, for three consecutive voyages, has an- ohorcd in Hobson's Biy on tho 77th day aftei her depar'ure from England — a regularity which cer tainly entitles this dipper ship to bear tho .palm .amoDg the vessels connected with our trade with tho mother coimtry. It is satisfactory to learn that no .death has occurred during tho run. The Hornet has arrived at Geelong, after a fine run of 84 days, with 467 immigrants, principally from Scotland. One death occurred during the passage. Wreck or the Brahmin. The wroek-of this .ill-fated ship on King's Island, on tho 22nd of May last, is an event that excites a painful interest for reasons the most startling, being that since it occurred, and while the unfortunate sufferers have-bcou etrain- \- ing their eyes and their hopes for our oid. withia half \- . n day's sail of our capital, we have corresponded with ' .England and our replies have readied us after having > made tho circuit of the world. Tho Brahmin sailed \- from the Fort of Glasgow, and on this, her last voyage, -was bound-to Sydney from London, with a Lascar >- --crew, superintended by British officers, andvvosoom- i- mended by Malcolm Eaohorn, Esq., an able seaman \- of proved- experience, and whoso bravo heart and high sense of - duty -were fully brought out in tko closing . '-not ofihis'Iife. 'Captain M'Eaohern hassevoral rela- ' ' tives settled in tho Australian colonies, among whom ; his loss will-ha long remembered. Ho was a cousin of Mr. Colin N: -Campbell, of Launceston, and of Mr. J James M'Eaohern,' of Molbourno. At tho timo of tho -> wreok the Brahmin had-beon riding out a furious galo —for three days, close hnulod and under double- roofed \- topsails, and from .tho .--unfavourable state of tho tweathor, tho Captain had not beon ublo to take on t observation by tho sun. Tho nights were fearfully \- 'dark, and the unfortunate pscsongers and crew had no notice of their danger till tboy struck ouareofnt , about midnight, on tho 21st of May. -Although tho -weather was boistorous in the extreme, the vessel bold together till daylight on tho 22nd instant.-when tho Jong boat and another wcro oteared, and after- so /oral attempts to put off, wore swampod, with lossdfsavoral of tho passengers and crew. The gig was tnon put out and speedily filled with tho majority of the sur- viv.ors. Captain M'Eaohern was entreated to join them, but declined till ho had dono all ho could to so- curotke safety of the remainder of tho orow. As tho gig left tho ship, the Brahmin began to give evidont signs of sp-cdily brcaking up, and soon after tho ar rival of tho cig on tlio beaoh, Captain M'Eachorn was observed drilling towards tho 6horo, lushed to a hen coop, which unfortunately broke -up within a fow ."fathoms of tbo shore, and his body was discovered somo time af'er on tho beach. At a laterhourthorcmains of Captain M'Eaohern wero committed to tho soil, in .the prrsenco of ail t lie survivors; nndsomo timonft-cr, a marble slab, which had been thrown ailioro from \- conio former wreck, was discovered, nud -was pieced . over his grave, with a rough but appropriate iusorip- ,-tion. expres-ivo of the respcot in which bo was held. "Wo regret to say that Captain M'Eaohern leaves a wife nnd family (at present resident in London) to lnmont bis untimely end. The orow of the Braliunn -wero nil Lascar.-, except tho first and second mutes, the oiupeutcr, and tlirco apprentices. Altogether right Europeans and nine Lascars perished. Among 'tho passengers who v. oro lost woro Mr. and Mrs. 'Straooy. Mr. ElihuTonpcombe.ofJorsey.and a Fronoh rutlemnn wiwsomamo was not known. 