CHINCHA ISLANDS. , >E8SELS lying at the above Islands, May 23rd, 1854. | English-Arethusa, .Mersey, Europu, Lanercast, Koh-i-noor, . Soutl Corolin», James Cruikahank, Ennerdale, Messenger, Emma Goodwin, Circassian, Florida, Bulgonia, Ln'd Elgin, Eleanor, "Lady Jocelyn, Tasmania, Peregrin, Lady Binney, Constitution, Sunbeam, Australia, Challenger, Columbine, Rujnh, Laurel, Lancaster, Midas, Thomas Arbuthnot, Chunce, Jessica, Branfcombe, Kilblanc, Chester, Manchester, Pnrsee Mary Ray, John Spencer, Santiago. Paradise, Oriental, Lord Délavai, Polly R"bin, Tay, i Eliza und Hester, Parkenham, Acken, Seringapntiun, Mary Hill, Aloi-to, Eliza Stewart, Bangalore, Henry Gillespie, John Thompson, , Mnnnora, Rudnagore. French-Magellan, Cyque, Rio, Próvida!. j American- Lancashire, Angélique, Spitfire, Genoa, Strabo, Landiu King, Mnnlius, Catharine Hayes, J. II. Powell, Boston, Europa, King Flslur, Caroline, Fhnrsalln, Phoobus, Filing Arrow, Pioneer, Palmyra, Johanna, Morning Light. Danish-Caslan, Melon. Dutch-LouivSourabaya. Hamburg-Howard, Cesar Goddcfrov, Marbo, Sylphide. Au strian-Henrich. Peruvian-Peru. Frusi-iu n-Fortunata. Vessels that have sailed from Callao for Chincha Island«, but not arrived May 23.-Gulnare, Lady Peel. Irene, Colonist, Allen M'Nnb, Connamoka. ïho ship which was in sight to the northward vcfteidny wa« the Chieora, from îscwcastle, bound to Melbourne with a eurgo of coals In the manifest per Schoondcrloo, 11 packages plate and clocks, to order are consignrd to A Blnu and Co TnB HKSRIVTTA-This fine brig, which arrive 1 here last year from England, and lins unce been running in the South American trade, will be sold at auction tins morning, by Messrs Bow den and threlkeld, at the City Mort, at 11 o'clork The Gipsy, from Twi fold Bav, has on board 5 casks oil, 10 tons firewood, and sundi les The cargo of the Herculean, from Wide Bay, com isis of 77 hales wool, 80 oisks and 49 skins tallow, 500 skins, and sundries Ino Herculean report« the Jenny Lind, and Burnett, hence, going up Wide Bay when Bhe came down The Albion sailed for Port Curtis on 18th instant The Brahmin, ft om London to Sjdnev, is reported in Lloyd's list May 25th, a« having been spoken, on 28th March, b» the irithiof from Calluo, which arrived at Cowes 24th May, in lnt 29 S , long 24 W And also in the Shippina and Mel cn»tile Oaiette al same date she is reported to hnv e been spoken bv the same v et-BOl lat 28 58 S , long 21 W , March 28 The George Cuvier experienced a terrible gale from the S W off Cape Howe, on the 23rd Instant She spoke the ship Grough Bro- thers, from Bristol, bound to Melbourne, on the 22nd instant, off Cape Otway. Captain Radon (the owner) who is well known at this port as master of the French ship Oceánica, has arrived by this vessel, and intends establishing himself in Sydney. Thci Catherine, cutter, Bailed for Morpeth o irly on Sunday morning, but from stress of weather had to put back On enter- ing the I lends about noon the master, Joseph I owndes, discovered two bodies floating upon the water, one drcs*cd in a blue guernsey Iroek, with a silk h indkcrchief tied to his w riBt and wai«, lying with his back upwards, apparently n sailor The other dressed in the apparel of u gentleman, of w hieh, however, the white kid glov e on the hand, was the onlj article distinctlv seen The mas- ter made an attempt to get tho bodies on board, but in endrav our ing to do fo, the vessel mUsed Btnjs, and in consequence bowns compelled to wear ship, and to take refuge from tho weather in Middle Harbour The brig Emma, which sailed hence for Hobart Town, on the 8lh instant, was compelled to return tw ice to Twofold Bav, in con- sequence of having experienced verj heavy (.nie«, which is des- cribed by Captain Brown, as follow* -" On Wcdnesduj, the 13th instant, put buck to Twofold Bav from Basa'Straits, being quite disabled, having split mnintop«ail and foresail On Satuirlay, the 16th instant, put to sea in company with I ) other vessels, but was compelled to return again, after encountering most terrific wea- ther, with loss of new maintopsail, and forctonsnil verj much split, but no other damage On Sundav, the 17th instant, at 8 a m , a violent gale bum from the southward, without any pre- vious warning, and after veering from S bj Ë to S \V and W , ro«c in the shape of a whirlw hld with thick black smoko, with a sulphuric smell rising from tho water at three differont points Ramhead bearing W N W , distance 7 leagues " The Queen of tho South, has on board, 30 tons potatoes, 1 ton butter, 2 casks tallow, 200 hides, and sundries The Cornelia and Henrietta, from London, was spoken off the the Dromedary, by the Maria Adriana, arrived yesterday We understand that the passengers by the Hanover, most of whom came out under the auspices of the Family Colonization Loan Society, complain greatly of the mode in which they have been treated, which they say is quite different from what they were led to expect. A list of grievances has been handed to the Immigration Agent, and an official enquiry will take place The London (s ), whieh arrived from Melbourne last night at 7 30, has made a splendid run of 50 hours, having left Port Phillip at 5 30 p m on the 23rd instant This is the fastest pas- sage that has ) ct been made hythe colonial steamers Captain W atts reports the City of Sydney, nnd Madras (strs ), as having arrived in Hobson's B»v, at 1 p m on tho 23rd instant, the former about half a mile a-head, also having passed the Governor General (s ), off the Howe, at 11 pm on tho 24th The London brings up 16 passengers from the Star of tho East, which vcnel lately arrived at Melbourne from Liverpool The Madras (s ), was to sail positively on the 24th 