GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. The Annual General Meeting of the members of this Institution was held last evening, Dr. Lillie, the president, in the chair. It was very thinly attended, about 50 only of the members being present at the commencement of the proceedings. Among the gen- tlemen assembled were Joseph Hone, Esq., Drs. Turnbull and Officer, the Rev. Mr. Miller, Messrs Salier, Barnard, &.c. The Chairman, after congratulating the society upon the substantial prosperity enjoyed by it during the past year, which had, in that respect, exceeded every previous period since the establishment of the Institute, called upon the secretary, W. Milner, Esq., to read the Report The Committee, in commencing the report, congra- tulate the members upon the eminently prosperous state which the Institute during the past year has obtained. At the close of the preceding year the Institute had been cleared from debt, and a balance left in the hands of the treasurer. They were, how- ever, called upon to regret the loss from withdrawal of two of their most efficient and valued offices, namely, S. T. Hardinge, Esq., the late Secretary. and the Rev. W. Wade, curator and librarian, both of whom had remained firm and hopeful at their posts during times of such difficulty as only the most indomitable perseverance could overcome, and were now, as the highest honour which the Committee had it in their power to bestow, made honorary members for life. They would also have noticed with regret the cessation of the Mechanics' School of Arts, did they not leel that the blending of the two societies will more effectually meet the requirements of the labouring classes. The last act of the defunct School of Arts was generously to vote to the Institiu- tion all their property in money, plate, and hooks, which the Committee had acknowledged by making all the members of the deceased society honorary members of the Institute for the year 1853. Seventeen lectures had been delivered during the past season, of which the following is a summaiy :- June 17th.-" On the Indication of a Unity of plan in Creation"-Dr. Lillie. 23rd.-"The Crystal Palace, from personal in- spection"-Dr. Barry, R.N. 30th.-"The Chemistry of Water"-Professor Lee. July 7th.-" The Chemistry of the Atmosphere"- The same. 14th.-" On Heat, and the Theory of Combustion" -Professor Lee. 21st - On Light"-The same. 18th.-"On Popular Education" - Dr. Pe?t, (H.E.I.C.S.) August 4th.-" On Ben Johnson's Plays." 11th.-The same-Murray Burgess, Esq. 18th.-" Further Observations on the Nervous System"-Dr. Bedford. 25th.-" The Oxford University Commission"-E. Macdowell, Esq. September 1st. -" On Ooean Steam Navigation" Mr. J. J. Salier. 8th. -" On the Genius and Writings of Cowper"- The same. 15th. -" On the Physical Geography of the Globe" -The same. 29th.-" Uncle Tom's Cabin"-Rev. G. Clarke. October 6th.-"The Use of Mental Culture to Young Men In the Colonies"-The same. 14th.-The same repeated. November 3rd.-Musical Entertainment, conducted by Mr. J. J. Salier. The thanks of the Committee were especially returned to Mr. Salier for this entertainment, as well as to the ladies and gentlemen who so admirably and efficiently assisted, him. Some idea of the general gratification experienced may be formed from the fact of upwards of 1000 persons being present at the entertainment, and that upwards of £17 were received at the door from non-members. Ten guineas were unanimously voted to Mr. Salier as a recompense for the labour which he must on that occasion undoubtedy have undergone. A proposition was made by Mr. Salier for the formation of classes for the cultivation of instrumen- tal and vocal music. The question was laid before a sub-committee, who brought up an exceedingly inte- resting report, which was carried by the General Committee. Connected with the subject of music, the committee, feeling the necessity for such an instrument, have purchased, at the low price of £65, a magnificent pianoforte, by Collard and Collard, of Messrs. White- sides and Hamilton ; those gentlemen having gene- rously foregone their own commission in the transaction. The income of the Institute has doubled during the past year; among other sources £41 was received by the treasurer from W. Coote, Esq., as the product of a plensure trip on board the wooden Tasmania, steamer. The library has also received a great acces- sion; and every circumstance concurred to place the Van Diemen's Land Mechanics' Institute amongst the most prosperous of any in the Australian colonies. Considerable accessions, by gift as well as punchase, have been made to this department. A large portion of the balance in the Treasurer's hands will also be remitted to England for the purchase of a series of popular instructive Works. A new and carefully compiled catalogue, and a catalogue raisonnee, are now in preparation. The attendance in this department has been con- siderably increased as scarcely to have accommoda- tion for the whole number of visitors. In addition to the usual supply of serials and periodicals, the '' Lon- don Evening Mail" has been ordered for regular transmission. Finances.-These are in an unprecedentedly flourishing condition, having, during the past year, nearly doubled the previous receipts, amounting to a total of £749, and, after every disbursement, leaving in the treasurer's hands a clear balance of £153 10s. 3d. In addition to this, nearly £400 worth of property has, during the past year, been acquired by the Institute, upon which an insurance to the amount of £1000 has been effected by the com- mittee The principal topic of interest in the general re- marks which concluded the Report referred to the half-crown subscriptions which the committee recommend to be discontinued, as a measure liable to great abuse, and no longer necessary to those, classes for, whoso especial benefit it was originally intended. Dr. Turnbull rose to move the first resolution. In doing so he alluded to the interesting and gratifying nature of the facts contained in the Report, the publi- cation of which could not but conduce to the advan- tage of the Institution. Nothing could more clearly show the increased disposition on the part of the community to avail themselves of the opportunities it afforded ; and it would be to the advantage of every individual connected with it to use, in every possible way, his influence in the promotion of its objects, He concluded by reading the resolution. Joseph Hone, Esq., in seconding the resolution, expressed his satisfaction at the prospect, on the pre- sent occasion, of an early disposal of the business of the meeting. Dr. Turnbull had already adverted to the most prominent statements of the Report; it only, therefore, remained for him (Mr. Hone) to second the resolution before them. The first resolution was as follows :- "That the Report now read be adopted and printed, under the direction of the Committee ; and that this meeting, encouraged by its present success and future prospects, pledges itself to continual, and, if possible, increased efforts for vigorously sustaining the Institution, in the hope of raising it to a higher position than it has hitherto to occupied." Put and carried. Mr. Barnard moved the second resolution. In doing so he alluded to the lectures delivered during the past session, which he described as one of the most agreeable sources of amusement, and the only instiu- mentality of its kind in the city. He particularly refurred to the lecture of Dr. Barry, on the "Crystal Palace." and the musical entertainment conducted by Mr. Salier. There was one subject adverted by the Committee with which he must express his full concurrence ; he deeply regretted the misunderstand- ing which had prevented the continuance of a course of lectures by a gentleman of unquestionable standing and attainments, Dr. Lee. He was not going to rip up old grievances, but his own opinion was that there had been a little hastiness on both sides. Mr. Barnard was proceeding with this subject when he was interrupted by Mr. Hone, who hoped Mr. Barnard would excuse his interference, but it was his particular wish that not a word should be said on that subject. None more than himself regretted the breach made on that occasion, and every endeavour on the part of the Com- mittee had been made to put an end to it. "Mr. Barnard continued. As a member of and sub- scriber to the institute, ever since he first came to the colony, he took a deep interest in its welfare; it was not, therefore, likely that he should express any opinions injurious to its interests. Dr. Officer seconded the resolution. He felt great pleasure in returning thanks to those gentlemen whose services as lecturers it recognised ; he did no not only with gratitude, but with compunction that they should have performed the whole of that labour in which he should himself, have taken part. Circumstances had hitherto prevented his doing so, but he hoped that such circumstances would no longer continue. The second resolution was as follows :- "That the continued success which has attended the lectures of the past session, nearly all of which were gratuitous, demands a marked expresion of gratitude from every member of this institution ; and that this meeting, in tendering their thanks to the gentlemen who have rendered such valuable aid, cherishes a hope of their kind assistance in the ensu- ing session." Put and carried. The Rev. Mr. Miller observed that the resolution which he had to move was not exactly a matter of form, but a very important part of the machinery of the institute, with reference to its practical results. Re- specting the arrangements for the lectures, a question exciting deep interest in the minds of the young, he hoped the course would be extended ; he did not, in fact, know why lectures should not be delivered all the year round. Mr. Salier, in seconding the resolution, hoped that this year they should have a working committee, with a desire to carry out the practical objects of the Institution. He thought with Mr. Miller that the extension of the lectures would conduce to its sub- stantial prosperity, and would suggest that a course should be established of a more simple and elemen- tary character than those usually delivered there. A few simple lectures on natural philosophy, electricity, the steam-engine, &c.;, he thought could not be otherwise than beneficial. Third resolution :- " That this meeting desires to acknowledge the patronage add efficient services of the patron, vice patron, president, vice-presidents, and office- bearers of the Institution ; and that the following gentlemen be elected for the present year: President-The Rev. J. Lillie, D.D. Vice-Presidents.-J. W. Agnew, Esq., E. S. P. Bedford, Esq., J. Burnett, Esq., J. Dunn, Esq., J. Hone, Esq., R. Officer, Esq., J. Milligan, Esq., A. Turnbull, Esq. Trustees.-J. Hone, Esq., H. Hopkins, Esq., J. Walker, Esq. Treasurer.-J. Dunn, jun., Esq. Members of Committee.-Messrs, Barclay, Belbin, Bryan, Cleghorn, Crouch, Dossiter, Graham, Har- court, Hill, Johnston, Latham, Meikle, Nicoll, Pearson, J. Salier, Beabrooke, Thomas, Vautin, Whitesides, and Whitney. Auditors.-J. Barnard, Esq., J. Dixon, Esq., E. Proctor, Esq. Honorary Curator.-Dr. Huxtable. Secretary and Librarian.-W. Milner. Esq. Colletor.-Mr.Holdshin. Put and carried. 1 of Sec Lai ist Ad off* lut du' Mr. Hone rose to propose a vote of hearty thanks to Dr. Lillie for his conduct in the chair, and for his repetition of the kindness which they had during very many years experienced from him. Seconded by Mr. Dossiter. One of the reporters present, Mr. Exall, of the Advertiser, placed himself in a somewhat Indicrous light, by showing himself off in the following man ner :-As a representative of the press and a member of the Institute, and with reference to the last resolution, he enquired whether it conveyed a vote of thanks to the committee for the past year ? as if would be placing these gentlemen in the somewhat anomalous position of returning a vote of thanks to themselves. Dr. Officer observed that there was nothing in the rules of the Institution to prevent their doing so. In compliance with a request from Mr. Hone, the vote of thanks to the chair was confirmed by the meeting. Dr. Lillie having returned thanks, the business of the evening terminated. of by Her Majesty. THE ENGLISH MAIL per "Madras" has arrived in GOLD IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.-We perceive by the small quantities at the Echunga diggings. THE HUON RELIEF FUND.-The proceeds from the next be devoted to the relief of the sufferers by the THE AUSTRALIAN STEAMER is expected at Port Phillip about the 28th instant, and will sail three QUAMBY ESTATE.-By an accident the advertise- ment of a sale of a portion of the Quamby Estate was mislaid, and consequently cannot appear until to-morrow. MADAGASCAR.-We perceive by journals lately received that the Madagascar trade has been re- opened to Europeans. ANDREW CLARKE, ESQ., the Surveyor-General of Victoria, has been up to the Bendigo, and was very popularly received. He pledged himself, at a public luncheon given in his honor, to do his utmost to throw open the lands for sale. STATUE OF PRINCE ALBERT. - A Public Meeting, conyened by the Lord Mayor, was held at the Mansion House on the 7th November, to consider the propriety of erecting a statue to Prince Albert, as a memorial of the Great Exhibition of 1851. The attendance included several distinguished personages, among whom was the Bishop of Oxford. The sub- scriptions were announced to have reached £5000. NEW BISHOP. -The Rev. John Armstrong, vicar of Tidenham, Gloucestershire, has been nominated by the Duke of Newcastle to the new bishopric of Graham's Town, South Africa. DANISH TRADE.-Large commercial schemes are on foot between Copenhagen and Australia. Not only has a society been formed for the export thither of manufactured goods, but there is a talk of establish- ing an Australian company on a large scale, at the head of which will he several of the largest Copen- hagen merchants. ORDINATION. -The Lord Bishop of Tasmania will hold an ordination at St. David's Cathedral on Sunday forenoon next. ROYAL SOCIETY OF VAN DEMAN'S LAND.-The Sydney Herald in a notice of vol. 2, part 2, of the Proceedings of this Society, pass the following grate- ful compliment:-This Society seems to be taking the lead in the Australasian colonies. We have often regretted the state of apathy in which our own com- munity is wrapped, and have sometimes marvelled at it. But "palman qui meruit ferat :" to Tasmania be the honour which is her due. THE HUON SUFFERERS.-A meeting of the Ama- teur Theatrical Club is called to take into considera- tion the best means of getting up a performance for the benefit of the sufferers by the late bush fires. VAN DIEMAN'S LAND COMPANY.-At a late meeting of the Van Diemen's Land Company, which was numerously attended, the affairs of that body were represented as in a far more satisfactory position than they had ever previously assumed. Possessing a present rent-roll of £1800 a year, their disbursements amounted to about £1500. The general assets were estimated at about £8000, consisting of bills, &c.;, which were in process of realization, and the directors hoped from this souce shortly to be enabled to re- turn 10s. share. The funds in hand were nearly £4000. The produce of Van Diemen's Land by this accounts just received was fetching very advanced prices, and the Custom-house returns exhibit an enor- mous increase in exports. There was every reason, therefore, to expect that their property would increase in value, and that the land belonging to them would eventually bring high rates. With the view of ulti- mately making the liest of their estates, they had at present limited the sales in the choicest situations, waiting for the development of the late immigration to the neighbouring settlement of Victoria, When the chief agent returned to England, the board would be enabled to consult with regard to future operations. The effieceny of this functionary was questioned during the proceedings, and a lengthened discus- sion took place as to the desirableness of sending out another agent, but it was finally agreed to leave these points for the consideration of the general meeting next March. The division of the assets was promised at the earliest possible period, and when these shall have been fully realized, the land remaining will, it is believed, under judicious arrangement, prove very valuable. A unanimous opinion was expressed at the close of the debate, that the company may now be considered to stand in an improved position. It was mentioned that it is 15 years-since a dividend was declared. THE HON. COLONEL BUTTERWORTH. - On Tuesday evening, December 6, a public entertainment was given at the Assembly Rooms, Singapore, to welcome the return of the Honourable Colonel Butterworth, C.B., Mrs. Butterworth, and Miss Butterworth. The company consisted of the elite of the place. The Assembly Rooms were neatly decorated for the occasion, and at one end of the spacious ball-room was a digger's tent, composed of fancy cloth, to mark the late visit of the distinguished guests to the gold-fields of Australia. At eight o'clock the company began to assemble, and shortly afterwards the Governor and his family entered the ball-room. Dancing then commenced, and was kept up until half-past eleven o'clock, when the well-known English air of " The Roast Beef of Old England " led all to the supper- room, in which a princely feast was prepared, and to which ample justice was done. THE P. AND O. COMPANY'S STEAMER MADRAS is expected to leave Melbourne about the 26th inst. THE BUSH FIRES at the South Huon have not yet subsided, and until we have more rain we shall con- tinue to be anxious. Much property has been destroyed and a lamentable destruction has been made on the potato crops; a more woeful visitation has never been felt by a hard- working community, or greater losses sustained. The raging element had no respect to persons or lives; the poor lost their all, those better of suffered much. It was heartrending to hear the screams and lamentations ot mothers separated from their children, and wives from their husbands, by the fierce flames, which appealed to be devouring all within their reach. Garden Island Creek, on which lived an industrious man named Dormore on a pretty farm and beautiful gar- den, has been entirely burnt out; hardly a thing saved. -From a Correspondent. Fire.-The roof of the house occupied by Mr. J. Murdoch, at the back of the stores of T. D. Chapman, Esq., M.L.C., in Macquarie street, was discovered to be on fire this afternoon, owing to the shingles having ignited from the chimney having taken fire ; but by the promptness of some parties who obtained buckets of water it was prevented from spreading. The Tas- manian Fire Engine, under the superintendence of Mr. O. H. Hedberg, was promptly on the spot, and all available means adopted to meet the emergency. 