MORETON BAY BUILDING SOCIETY. Tub members of this Society held their last meet- ing in the Court House on Saturday last, when the respective shareholders^ received cheques for the amount of their shares, in full. On the motion of Mr. Hobbs, seconded by Mr. Eldridge, a vote of thanks was given to Mr. Buck- ley, Chairmaa of the Board of Directors, for the prompt attention and valuablo assistance ren- dered by himduringthe continuance of the Society. A vote of thanks having also been givon to the Trustees aud Directors, the business of the old Society terminated. Mr. Hobbs then rose, and introduced to the notice of the meeting a Prospectus of a similar but more permanent Society, now in operation in Sydney. He stated that lie lind given this sub- ject his careful attention, and from the expe- rience gained during tbo last four years, ho con- sidered it to be the beat society of the kind that he knew., He proposed tbato committee be formed for the purpose of examining the Prospectus, and initiating from it another Building Sooioty for Biisbane and its surrounding neighbourhood. This proposition was unanimiously carried, and a committee of the following gentlemen appointed, viz : - Messrs. Buckley, Little, Hobbs, Coley, Eldridge, R. Cribb, Swan, Brookes, Somerset, Raff, Spence, and Dowse. SuDDivisioN or Land,-A correspendent calls our attention to a circumstance which is well worthy,of notice. He alludes to the piactice of certain landholders, in cutting up allotments into )s mailor ¡Ms, -wlllidut previously «fllinjr in the "service oj'à regular surveyor, and having the line* "of sii&UvUion;' ncciirulely *dn«cribed. Tun «rae-' tice,ni«V indeed lead to maoh serious iucoiive hienc/fiereafterr^An illustration ia'given.1' A peMon,Wii"iiht a snbnrban allotment of ii.few ticiei, .ijit.a-!._.., ... i.«.'.ii nUotniant out measure and euch a man- ner tfiiíí £fio aggregate oPbi* subdivision* ¿weeded tho fötal quantity iii tho original purchase ; and at fhe around was near a Government lino of road, either that road would hnvo to be encroached upon by some of the purchasers, or one of them must be contented with less than ho really paid 'for. ,Innumerable law suits muy bo the result of such carelessness ns this. In .some cabes the subdivision on the ground may bo correct enough ; but the lawyer who has to prepare a conveyance is furnished with a description that would not enable a surveyor at any future time to trace out tho particular allotment intended to bo convoyod, from amongst thone which surround it. The re- medy suggested for the evil is that purchasers of such subdivided lots- chiefly working men - should insist upon having a surveyor's description inserted in their conveyances. No doubt the subject is of considerable importance, and the earlier the remedy the easier it will bo. Moreton Bay Savings Bank.—The Bill to establish a Savings Bank at Brisbane, and recently read a first time in the Legislative Council, pro- vides that the Governor shall be President, and shall appoint a Board of Trustees, one of whom he shall also appoint Vice President. The Trustees shall be a corporate body, and shall conduct the business of the corporation in Bris- bane; receiving deposits at such time and place as may be fixed by their rules, and handing over such deposits to some Bank in Brisbane, to the "Account of the Moreton Bay Savings Bank." Any sum not less than a shilling will be received, and all drafts are to be signed by two Trustees and the Accountant. The Governor is empowered to guarantee, on security of the General Revenue, repayment of any loan negotiated by Trustees to meet the demands of depositors — provided that no outstanding loan shall exceed £10,000, unless the Legislative Council consent thereto. The Governor is further empowered to appoint Trustees in other parts of the district, in connec- tion with the Moreton Bay Savings Bank, sub- ject to the provisions of the laws in force respect- ing Branches of the Savings Bank of New South Wales. Wreck or the Ningpo.-The Government Resident having communicated with the Com- missioner of Crown Lands at Wide Bay, has been informed in reply thnt tho survivor of tha wreck of the Ningpo, who it will be remembered went on from the northern part of Moreton Buy in the direction of Wide Bay, had not arrived at the latter place, but a report had como in that a white man travelling in that direction was killed by the blacks. Thus the fate of this unfortunate man (believed to bo the cabin passenger, Mr. Denty) is unknown; but the worat may be con- jectured. Assisted Immigrants Act. - The Bill now before the Legislative Council, for the amendment of the Assisted Immigrants Act, provides that so much of the provisions of the first clause as re- lates to unmarried females, shall be repealed. This is a very judicious improvement, for bad as the Act is altogether, it was doubly mischievous in its application to female' domestic servants. Another part of the new Bill proposes that en- gagements may be made for less periods than two years, with the consent of both parties. PUBLIC WORKS.--A Bill has been sent down to the Legislative Council by his Excellency the Governor-General, having for its object the authorisation of loans, secured upon the General Revenues of the colony, for the purpose of with the construction of public works of a permanent character, in this colony. Various works of this description are enumerated in the Bill and the sums required for the respective services are of course fixed at a very high maximum. Amongst the sums mentioned as likely to be required, are £30,000 for a light house at Cape Moreton ; £2,000 for a Court House at Ipswich; and a further sum of £2,000 for a Jetty at Cleveland. If this Bill should be considered in Committee, it is to be hoped that the survey and deepening of the river entrance will not be forgotten. GEOLOGY. - Another report from Mr. Stutch- bury has been published, dated "Durundur, 1st August." The writer gives several coloured maps, showing extensive coal fields ; but with respect to gold, although he found it in small particles in Delavey's Creek and other places, he persists in his opinion that it does not here exist in paying quantities. COAL. - We have seen a sample of coal from the Radstock coal pits, above the falls on the Bremer River, a mile or two above Ipswich. This mine has been now for some time in working order, and has yielded about 400 tons of coal since it was opened, seven or eight month's ago. The coal is well spoken of by blacksmiths in Brisbane, who have used it for the forge, and we understand that it is the intention of the proprietors to en- deavour to open an export trade by means of ves- sels requiring ballast, as soon as the necessary arrangements can be made. Brisbane Race Course.-In compliance with tho prayer of a memorial forwarded from Brishano some time back, tho necessary instruction have been issued to tho officer in chargo of the survey department hero, to mark out a suitablo piece of ground for reserve as a race-course. Accordingly a site has been selected, between Eagle Farm and the German's Station, and will be duly marked out ns soon as an opportunity offers. We shall bo glad if this causes the revival of the Brisbane Races. Pestilential Nuisances.-Wo should be sorry to advocate any vexatious interference on the part of the police on private affaira of the inhabitants. Experience has shown that in many instances Cotty servants of the pnblio "armed with a little rief authority," ore moro inclined, whether by order or otherwise, to become private spies than to watch over the public safety ; and therefore such prying inquisitors should be put down rather than encouraged. But there is one nuisanco which, although it may bo said to bo purely a private matter, is on ihe contrary most impurely a public grievance. Wo alindo to tho existence of slaughter houses, tallow melting establishment's, and offal repositories, in the immediate vicinity of thepubliastreetsofßrishano. Thedisgustingomu vium arising from one of these piucos is absolutely dangerous to public health, and really deserves the attention of the local Health officer, if nobody olso will look after it. The warm weather is again sotting in, and the proper authorities should at lest step in to arrest the typhus fever. There can be no difficulty in finding out tho spot, for to borrow the words of the Danish Prince, slightly altered-"If you find it not within this month-, von shall nose it as you go up stairs into the lobby." _ A Sion or the Timbs. -" Well, Sarah, where shall we go to P" was the interrogatory of an aged female to a young woman, her companion, when crossing Spring-street, at the eastern extremity of Great Bourke-street, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the 13til Inst. " Going to Richmond Flat, or'some other plnee, to Ile down," was the. rejoinder to the twin wanderer, itself a significant* indication of the present times. That "one half the world do not know how the other half live," is almost too old an axiom to be cited now; but that" half of Melbourne do not know how the other half subsist," must be considered as mt aphorism of some novelty. " The times are awfully bad." Ican't find work here." " Wouhl to Heaven I were back again in England."- " What is to be done I don't know," und other ejaculations of asimilar character, are only a few of the mournful exprès sioiis which may be heard by any individual who will undertake to watch what Sliukspcue. terms " the agc and body of the time." Let it be hoped, for humanity's cause, that the present depression of the free immigrant classes, may be suggestive of some ameliorating policy.-Geelong Advertiser, October 24. Odessa.--The exchange of 180 officers and sailors of the Tiger had taken place at Odessa ; but the number of Russians to be exchanged fall- ing short of the English by 30, so many of the Tiger's crew remained captive. . Rkuire.uii.c Oíiatorv.-The Cou innot li Ga. zétte nrf!ilii»hè1'a-|>8n-!iml-mU sketch- ol' an emi liuilt uivini»,'w'ho has just visited flint eily,on mis- sionary b;isiiieii-, n:ul carrie 1 all belbie him. It tip. pj.ifs that'" ho stands n'\\* ib--t two ¡nahes when h« tales the ihlds out of his body. He is very slendei, with n sni.ill hoad, thick lillirie hair, combed bao': from his forehead mid temple«, deep and sunken black eyes, hollow cheeks, mul presenting, on tim whole, u worn sickly nspi.et ¡ his delivery ,is must furious. He commenced like n racehorse, uni kept in full gallop to" the close of a very long speeiih Ho twisted his b > ly in nil possible s1iap»\" at ono time a part of tlio tail of lui coat »us over his shoulder ; at another ha had every available portion of it closely packed under one ann. so »4 to reveal his waistcoat mulway to his shoulders." The write,- says, '. Ile never hrard,snch 11 toi 1 cut of ¡nfni'inntinii, of history, of inventive, of timm) anl illustration, of vigorous yrnppling with pan- theism, infldel'ty, and formalism, aml-of eninast exhortation to the whole host of God's elect to a bold and united ussanlt upon tho armies nf tlie aliens. When he concluded hi«, speech ho was dripping with perspiration ; uni tlio moment the list words were uttered, lid rolled his coat nrouml ^him, and amid the tumultuous applause of tlio 'Üiouse, he started nut of tho hall." . . % Paivful, DUT L luoHAm.K.-In " Nolos of nil Army Surgeon" wo find the following, which oc- curred during the »eig« of b'ort Erio :-I remem- ber, one day, in making my hospital rounds, a patient just arrived, présentai nu amputated fore- arm, and in doing so could scarcely restrain a bro id laugh ; titter wns constantly on .his face. " what is tho matter ? this does not strike mo m a subject of laughter." " It is nni, doctor ; but oxouso me. 1 lost my arm in so funny a way thnt I still laugh when I 'look at it." " What way ?" " Our first sergeant wanted shaving, nnd got ni» to attend to it, as I am a corporal. Wo went to gether in front of his tent. ,1 lind lathered him, took him by the nose,'when a cannon hull cunio, and that was the hist I saw of his hoad and niv arm. Etcuse me doctor, for laughing so, but I never saw such a thing before." HnBRinLB Dev ni.-An American divpr re cenlly met willi a frightful dcalh. He was ex- perimentalizing willi a, new machine, and had ii,.. scended about 30 feet, when thnse above thought tlie armour felt unusually heavy. '1 ho sign.il line was immediately jerked, to ascertain whether anything was wrong, but receiving no answering signal in return, thediver was immediately raised fruin the Wiitei. On opening the helmet llie uti fortunate occupant of the armour «as ftitiud lo I» quile dead, presenting a horrid spectacle, blood oozing from his eye.», ears, nose, und mouth. Oning to an erior in the arrangement of t|le valyes, the air was prevented from inflating Hit armour below the neck of the diver ; and ulien it is recollected that at the depth of thirty feet tim pressure of the water is equal to fifteen pounds tu the square inch, hence lhere must have been a pressure of at least ten tons upon the lower ex tremelies of the diver ; this tremendous pressure forced the vital fluid to the head, bursting ¡In blood-vessels, and thus causing immediate Jeaili. No more thin a minute and a half elapsed from the time he entered the water to the time he wai hoisted upon the deck of the vessel. An I.ntbrvib'-v with the Czar.-The Jak» Bull relates on the authority of ¡1 currespandent the following particulars of an interview and in results between the Czar and Lieutenant Alfred Uowyer, First Lieutenant of the 'tmfortunnli Tiger, who on the death of Captain GiiEird, um ordered to St. Petersburg .-.. An early hour wat fixed for an inlcrview with the Czar, who re- ceived the British officer in one of the gram apartments of the pilaee. The Emperor, tliuu^li somewhat emaciated in appearance, still preserved that clearness of voice and quickness ot perrcp< tion which has through life characterised him. Ile entered into u lengthened convcrsaiion uni Lieutenant Rowyer, avoiding however, to pin any interrogatory likely to compromise eitli» the national or professional honour of the British officer, who behaved with that firmness of turn and respect in demeanour so characteristic of tin English sailor. The emperor appeared higlili pleased with Lieut. Rowyer, and the conversalint turning lo the ' domestic hearth,' he asked iii Lieutenant if he were married; upon which til latter made answer and said that he had a un and four children in England. The Empero rejoined, 'Then would you like 10 jro back to ling land, and return to your wife mid children? i so, to England you shall return unconditionally' It is almost unnecessary to add that Lieutenart Uowyer left St Petersburg, in company of cnuriei specially employed for him by the Emperor, 01 the following day, and was soon in sight of Im native land. On Sunday evening last Mrs Rowyer and her children were leaving their lum« in the vicinity of the metropolis for the purpose of attending divine service, and no iloulit fur tilt special intention of praying for the husband and father whom they believed to be in a Ilus'jiii dungeon. Judge of Mrs. Uowyei's surprise when she was handed a ttlegraphic message from Southampton, staling that her liusutml might be expected in Londun in about U' hours' time. Mrs. Uowyer did not go to church, but with her family, returned tlwnki to the Giver of all Good in privacy. The beluvul husband and parent al rived in London at IO o'clock, and was soon in the midst of his domeslii circle." St. Petersburg a» it is.-A writer in tin Elberfield Gazette says :-'' The foreman of 1 large engine manufactory, who has lately returnri from St. Petersburg, has given mc the foil iwin; statement :-Everything looks now very gloom; indeed in St. Petersburg, in doors and out 0! doors. The city, once so beautiful and full of lifr is no longer to be recognised. The palaces an converted into barracks, bridges are broken ilown the streets covered with tents for more than 40,001 Bathkeers, who are said to have come from the Go- vernments of Orenbrugh and Perm, from tim Steppes and nomad encampments, and to have en- tered St. Petersburg for tlieprotection of the city, where they make a hideous'impression. They Inn ?till the Tartar weapons of bows and arrosa, of lance and bill-hook, and will therefore make canilii food for powder. They steal more dexterously than the crows, and they possess all the oilier Tartar virtues, theoretically and practically. Bul the proud and magnificent guard has goneawji, partly to Poland, partly to Finland, and thus,in the total absence ot moving life and daily inter- course, the city looks desolate. On the brand and glorious Neva stream, which'once during li« summer nights afforded one of the most enchant ing sights ; which bore on its ¿Ja'rk waters lim» sands of ships and boats, n sol ¡fary barge (IllfJ I with bricks is now toning alunir, or a steam« runs down laden with soldiers for Kronstadt. Ai the city is inn state of war, no person is aliened li show himself in the streets after nine al niglit a hatd blow now for these poor northerners, rta - have for more than half Hie year been forced le \ keep their stove-Harmed rooms. The liigli" classes of society are said to be quite out of tu»'. for to be always obliged to making voluntary an' involuntary sacrifices, without receiving anyilii»; in return, is not exactly very'edifying. Besidri there seems no end to the whale business, and nu a soul will give a rag on .tick to anothrr am longer. The common people however, are fanate cised. ' Our dear papa Czar knows best', is a pie verb, and grim rage do they feel agninst iii» fot* eigners,whom they insult in the open streets, aiJ whom the police are constantly obliged to wau not to go beyond the gates of the city, where tlin could no longer be protected. Trade is stagnant all manufactures are at a stand-still, fnr among* other causes,' there are no coals. Whit »tod there was of them has been reserved by the author! tics for the sole use of steamers, though their rrlcïl~(' has gone up immensely. For this reason Biosti>,|J-'-'U'K the foreign factory inspectors and worimen, te-i are leaving the country. . the crowds are m great, waiting to take place inHtlie eoacli running datif ( " to Memcl, that it a person does not hook his put Y""11 ?«*? six weeks beforehand, he stands u poor chanceo»»«'' ?»-»*? getting away. Strangers who have money in t ' bank, find great difficulty in getting it, to' tli bank pays out to no person whatever per day mot than fifty silver roubles. In - this way a poo Frenchman who wanted to draw out the hard earn inga of many years, namely, 1500 silver roubr was obliged to, ruo backwards and forwards fe more titan a month, having to weit every mornwi in the crowded! he could get served, before 1 c itiM get his own ngiin, though lie lost ihei ehy j -iii* place lie lind honked and paid for ut llie co ich'» I * «Aire weeks before. These things ¡ire all sad filoux li. and nmY perhaps incline the Czir toa truce, and then to pence, but tlipy must be taken I advantage <>f, so that de may ben ¡thin bounds fur tlw future." Effects or \ Cannon Bait. -Dr. Noble, in a very aide analytic lecture at Manchester. " On the Dynamic Influence of Ideas," told a good anec- dote of M. Ifoiitibmtsc. a French snvnnt, in illns tr.uiun of the po.ver of llie imagination. As Dr. Noble siy?-" M. Koutiboiiscserved in Napoleon's ii> mv, and was présentât many engagements dur- ing the early part of the century. At the battle of Wagram, in 1809, he was engagod in the fr.iy : the ranks around bim had been terribly thinned liv shot, ami at sunset he was nearly isolated. While relouling his musket he was shut down by a cannon ball. His impression was that the bill lii'l passed through his lega below the knees, se- ll irating them from the thighs, for he suddenly sank down, shortened, as lie believed, to the extent of about a foot in measurement. The trunk of «lie body fell backwards on the ground, and the senses were completely paralysed by the shock. Thus he lay motionless amongst the, wounded and «lead during the rest of the night, not daring lo \- move a muscle, lest the loss of blood should be fatally increased. Ile felt no pain, but this he at Irihuted to the stunning effect of the shock to the lirain and nervous syslem. At early dawn he «as ?aroused by one of the medical stall, who came .round to help the wounded. ' What's the matter «¡iii you my good fellow?' saul the surgeon. ?. Oh | touch me tenderly,' replied M. Boutibnuse, * I beseech you : a cannon bill has carnell off my legs. The surgeon examined the limbs referred io, and then giving lum a good shake, sud, with ¡i joyous lriugli. ' Get up with you! you have nnihlng the matter willi yon.' M. Bnutibouse im- mediately sprang tip in utter astonishment, and 'Mond firmly on the legs ii Inch he lind thought he I Mil lost for ever. ' I felt more thankful,* s.iid M. liiuitibnuse, 'than Iliad ever done m the «hole course of my life before. 1 had not n wound about 'nie. I had, indeed, been shot down by ,n> immense <«annnn bill : hut instead of pissing through the legs, as I (irmly believed it hld, the ball had ptsstd under my feet, and had ploughed a hole in the earth beneath, at least a foot in depth, into which my feet suddenly sank, giving me the idea 'dhat I hail been thus shortcut d by the loss ol'my legs.' " The truth of this story is vouched for by Dr. Noble.-AthciuBum. The Graves of the Poets. -Chaucer waa buried in the cloisters of Westminister Abbey, without the building, but removed te iIip south aisle in 1535 : Spenser lies near bim. Beaumont, Drayton, Cowley, Denham, Dryden, Rowe. Ad- dison, Prior, Congreve, (¿ay, Johnson, Sheridan, and Campbell, nil lie within Westminister Abbey, ShaKespere, as evpry one knows, was buried in ilie chinead of the church at Stlatford, where there is n monument to his memory. Chapman and Shir 'ley au» buried in St. Giles's-iu-the-Fields j Mar . lowe, in the (liurrliyaid of St. Paul's, Deptfoul ; \- Fletcher und Massintçer, in iIip chuchyiird of ' St Siviour'», Southwark : Dr. Donne, m Old St. Paul's; Edmund Waller, in Beaconsfield church- yard ; Milloo, in the churchyard of St. Giles's, Cripplegate; Butler in the churchyard of St. Pai.l's, Cuvent Gulden ; Otway, no one knows where; Garth, in the church at Harrow; Pope, in the church at Twickenham ; Swift, in St. Patrick's. Dublin ; Savage, in the churchyard of St. 1'etei's. Bristol ; Parnell, at Chester, where he died on his way to Dublin; Dr. Young, at Walu vu, in Ilertfoidshire, of which place he was the rector ; Thomson, in the churchyard at Rich- mond, in Surrey ; Collins, in St. Andrew's church at Chichester; Gray, in the churchyard at Stoke Pogis, where he conceived his Elegy : Goldsmith, in the churchyard of the Temple Church ; Ful t oner, at sea, with "nil ocean for his grave;" Churchill, in the -churchyard of St. Martin's, Dover ; Cowper, in the churthyaid at Dereham ; Chatterton, ina chtirchyaid belonging to the ii irish of St. Andiew's, Holborn ; Burns, in St. Michael's ihurchyaid, Dumfries; Byron, in the church at ffucKnall, near Newstead; Crabbe, nt Trowbridge; Colendgp, in the < burch nt Highgate; Sir Walter Scott, In Dryburgh Abbry ; Souihey, in Crossthwaite church, near Keswick; Shelly " beneath one of the antique*, wteilp/town towers surrounding *uncient Rome." und Keats beside bim, "under the pyramid which is the tomb of Ceslius."-Barker's Three Days of Wensleydale. 