THE BALTIC. (From the Correspondent of tltc Morning Chronicle.) ' Copenhagen, July 28. < It is supposed that a new request for the co opera- tion of Sweden-Norway has been made. The special commissaries who have been sent to Stockholm for that purpose bare had an audience of King Oscar. The conditions offered are not known, bnt tbey may ha easily guessed-money .subsides, the garrisoning of the Aland Isles by the Allies, and the eventual restoration of Finland. > > Several new transports, with troops for the Baltic, hive resabed' Elsinore., Admiral Corry has left Co Pttuusro for England... It is hoped that the gallant aamuàTwfll not ne long absent from Ids poBt, as his efficiency sad experience are kndwn to every one. The King of Denmark feels daily more and more the Railing yoke imposed upon him by lils Russian Ministry, ant) baa lately renewed his offer to resign his crown. The ministers were silent. Various plans are in agitation by the ministry for the abolition of the constitution, but as yet no agrae roent bas been come to. The people are not idle spec- tators. Violence will be met as it deserves. Alore peaceful intrigues will 'at once bo rejected by the parliament. JÏ/he* position of things here is most Painful and unnatural, and the expense of the pro ltussian armaments is enormous '? ' *? ' " ' * July 29. The ministry have now hatched their egg. The proposed whole-state organisation-whoso character ia such that they are afraid of submitting it to tim Danish parliament is to be laid before an assembly of notables from the wholo monarchy, nominated by the ministry itself. If it passes this assembly, the new "constitution" will bo in fall foroe in the duchies, and provisionally so in Denmark Proper, Whose parliament will then have to woik in full and open opposition to the European Powers, who have dictated and support all this illegality and insolence, -to the duchies, as represented hy their officials and chambers, and to the Ministry and their myrmidons in Denmark Proper. But the' Danish l'arlUment w11 doubtless do its duty, and throw the proposed pUn out of the window. ITALY. s Turjn, Jilly 29. On Sunday last, the 23rd instant, an insurrectionary Movement took place at Parma. The fighting lasted ***°nie hours between the ti oops, both Parmesan .^Austrian, and the populace with arms ia their Wins. The rioters began by murdering some of too officers. This sanguinary outbreak is, in'fact, no more than a repetition of the criminal and.foolish attempt of Muan, of the 6th of February, 1853. The promoters are the same-that is to say, the Mazti nians, A few deluded young men and bloodthirsty ruffians have been, as usual, the instruments. For several days previous to Saturday last It had been rumoured that something was about to occur In the duchies of Parma and Medena, and a recent pamphlet of M. Mazzini, entitled, "Del dovere d'Agire al Partito Nazionale," gave additional credence to these reports. The sequel has proved that these rumours were far from being unfounded. It appears also that on the very day on which tlie imsiirrection at Parma took place, an attempt was mado by a band of refugees to land at Massa (in the duchy of Medena), but that the boat in which they weie embarked went to the bottom. The Sardinian police upon the fimi- tiere near La Macra and Stradelia were on the alert, and not a single auspicious character was allowed to oross. The gendarmerie were so wull prepared, that when Prince Cai ignan, in the course of last week, went to the Gulf of Spezia, to assist at the laying down of the submarine cable to Corsica, the geudaimerie, hearing shots fired, and perceiving at a distance a orowd of people, lushed down to the sea- shore, fancying that an insurrectionary band had effected a landing. They wero much astonished on finding Princo Cangnnn, General Lamnrmora, Minister of War, the Fiench and British \ misters, and many other persons of the fame standing'; but the Minister of War, of course, highly commended their zeal. The pamphlet of M. Mazzini, to which I have alluded, is even below what M. Mazzini himself has written up to this time. In the same empty words, without any practical sense, .vi. Mazzini states that the Italians are masters of the Apennines, of the Valley of the Alps of Friuli,&c;, and that they ought to expel the Austrians. He remarks that of the 20,000 Austrian soldiers quartered in the Lombardo Venetian provinces, only 75,000 are available; 25,000 are Hungarians, and these will unquestion- ably juin the National party; and that the remaining fiO,000 are a matter of indifference to Italian valour, The moment for action now is come. Italy must rise to a man ! M. Mazzini has succeeded in adding another mischievous and miserable attempt to the previous fatal' attempts of Savoy, of Valle d'Intelvi, of Milan, &c.; The Austrians have not failed to avail themselves of the opportunity afforded them by the incurable insanity of the Mazzinians, and they are moving on Parma from Mantua, Verona, and Piacenza. Several executions have taken plaoe already. I am bound to add that all the information and all tho letter from Parma describe the deep disgust with which the population has witnessed this out- break. The ministers of the Duchess Regent are, above all, honest men, and the Government is very popular. Rumour* were in circulation yestetday, and the day before of similar attempts having hean made at Milan and Brescia ; but up to this moment nothing of that kind has, thank God, occurred. The sub marine cable baa been safely carried across the sea, from Panta Ciocc (near Spezia and Sarzana) to Cape Corso, in the island of Corsica. After having successfully reached Capo Coi so, Mr. Brett proceeded at once to the Strait of Bonifacio, to complete the second portion of this most inteiesting enterprise. Mr. Brett is expected htrj shortly. The cholera has broken out at Genoa amongst the lower and more unhealthy portion of the popula- tion. At Naples, likewise, this dreaded scourge has broken through the important barrier erected by the king, TURKEY. (From the Correspondent of the Morning Chroniole.) Constantinople, July 20. With the exception of the fears of the cholera, which have become very general, and the very great heat, there is little of interest to report from Constan- tinople. All those who possibly can seek cool breezes of the banks of the Bosphorus. You will, no doubt, already have heard of the death of General Key (Due d'Elchinpren), one of the youngest generals in the French army, and second son of the celebrated Marshal Ney. He died last Wednesday at Gallipoli, of cholera. On board almost every steamer that arrives from France ten or twelve cases of cholera have occurred, and the ships are consequently put into strict quarantine. At Gallipoli I regret to say it is showing itself very sevorely amongst the French troops. Several cases have also occurred at the barracks occupied at Constantinople by the French, which are situated at Ramis Tchinik and Doub Pacha, about one mile distant from the gate of Top Kapou. Con- stantinople itself, and Pera and Galata, the Christian suburbs, have not as yet been visited by tho malady ; and it is to be hoped therefore that it will not spread, as, should it gain the pestilential and narrow lanes of this city, it is to be feared that it will prove most disastrous. THE UNITED STATES. (Fiom the Coi respondent of the Morning Chronicle.) FhilaMphia, duly 22. At length the Senate lins passed the Homestead Bill, not as oi iginnlly introduced but in the form of a substitute, proposed by "r. Hunter, of Virginia. Accoiding to the more important sections of the measure, pie-emption right» to lands ara extended to actual settler«, the same to bo paid for at graduated prices, from twenty-five cents to one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre; and then is nothing in the pi avisions of the bill excluding European immigrants fiom settlement and pre- emption even prior to na uralisation. This measute will doubtless pass the House, and it is understood that Prct-ident Pierce is willing to sign it. One great cfit-ct of the hill will bo, an immense emigration from the old State and Euiope into the new territories of the Wear. A formidable fishery difficulty lins broken out in a new quarter-namely, in the North Pacific, and bntween the United .States and Russia. It appears that, a few months ago, the Russian General Sawovka, olaimiug a far greater extent of fishery rights than tho United States has ever been willing to admit, and against which the United states has pi o tes ted, gave notice that all vessels not Russian fishing within said limits, would be captured, and only released on paying a fine of 3000 dollars. An American vessel has been seized accordingly, and taken into the Russian pott offcitka. It will be curious to see what the Union (Goveiumont organ), with its Russian pioclivities, will publish in relation t<> this ne<v difficulty. There is now an increased probability of the ratification of the Fishery and Reciprocity T;taty between the United (states and the colonies. We learn also that o treaty is nearly concluded between Mr. Gregg, United States Commissioner, and the Government of the Sandwich Irlands, for the annexa- tion of the latter to this Republic-and that the only difficulty to be surmounted is, " whethei the islands shall be admitted as a territory or a state." The details are unknown to the public. But the grnat meal anticipated, by way of satisfying the omni- vorous appetite of annexation, is Cuba-sldKJuba and the recent ti ou bles in Spain have revived the hopes of tho Annexationists wonderfully. Mean- while the filibusteros are also on the qui vive- three or four strong companies having been recently formed in Kentucky, When the last steamer sailed you bad notice of the steamship Franklin, fiom Southampton to Havre, being ashore near Montauk, Long island. The mishap created but little notice at first, as it was thought she would be got oft'at the next high tide. Not so, however. A heavy surf has drifted htr further ashore ; she has twelve feet of water in her hold, and a sand-bar has formed outside of her. All the passengers and most of the caigo are saved, but it is feared the ship will prove a loss. She is insured. Chuleta pievails more or less all over the Union. It sweeps off its victims by thousands. Washington, July l8. The reciprocity treaty has been given to the country arid to the world before its time -, and the Japan treaty has not awaited official nor legal promulgation. Our treaty with Japan is suro enough a tieaty ; but where are its immediate benefits ? That secluded and very limited empire has neither agriculture nor manufactures producing anything beyond the con- sumption of its own people ; and 1 can leam from no source that any very profitable interchange of com- modities is hkely to arise at any early period. Tho Japanese are not slow to learn, however; and it may be that t>cfprc the revolution of a decade we shall have taught them much, and perhaps decimated their popu- lation with the celerity .that has attended our demo- ralisation and destruction of the aborjgjnea of this country, the Sandwich 'Islanders, and" all who have learned industry, morality in general, and temperance in particular, from the proud Anglo-Saxon of the United States, 