SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ENTERED OUTWARDS. November 20 — Flash, for Nelson and Wellington, New Zealand. Dredge and Thomas, agents. „ - „ Isle of France, for Manilla. Westgarth, K09S and Co., agents. „ „ Mlndoro, for Callao. 'Willis, Merry, aud Co. agents. CLEARED OUT. November 20.— Grecian, brig, 212 tons, John Store, for Three Hut Point, Hobart Town. Passengers --T. Langloy and TV. Owen. Thomas Austin, agent. November 20. — Hawk, schooner, 121 tons. M. Morris, for Launeeston. In ballast. Captain J. ilorrls, agent. November 20. — William Uelville, barque, 219 tons, Samuel Hill, for Goelong, with part of original cargo from Uatavia. Sv. 21 Bell and Co., agents. November 20. — Chartor-Oak, ship, 453 tons, T. G. Merwln, for vaiiao, in uajiast. uooo auu jjowios, agents. November 20.— Voynger, schooner, 137 tons, Jeremiah Willis, for Mauritius, In ballast. Passengers — cabin, Messrs. Hunter and Amos. H. A. Smith and Co., agents. SAILED. November 20. — Launeeston, barque, for Nowcastlo, New South Wales. „ Appolino, ship, for Calcutta. „ „ Highland Lassie, brig, for Adelaide. PROJECTED DEPARTURES. Foa Loweoif.-Kent, 2nd December ; Admiral, 1st December ; Tongataboo, oarly ; Oliver Cromwell, early ; Blackwall, In Jan uary j Aden, early. Foe Idv*BP00L.-Marc0 Polo, 2nd December ; Phcenlx, early. For Stdhkt — Now Forest early j Eliza, Adolphus, Osproy, early ; Ceres, early. A steamer leaves generally ouco a week. For Newcastle, N.S.W.— Kyle, early; Apprentice, early. For Adelaide — Albion, early; Flash, early: Ilavilah (s) Mnd. w For Port Albert. — Champion, early. For IiAungrstox — Adolphus Yates, early. A steamer from Molbourno overy week. For Hobart Town.— J. Scott, qarly : Tarbott Castlo, Grecian, ?arly ; Mary Grant. For Nkw Zealand. — Medway, early; Sea Breoze, early ; Flash, early. Fo« Madras.— Robert Passenger, early. For Hono Kong. — Battler, early. For Mauritius. — Robert and Betsy, early. For Callao. — Maid of Orleans, Flora Templo, 20tli; Abigail, ?arly; Hilja, 28tli; Mindora, early. For Valparaiso. — Dolores, early. For Twofold Bat.— Governor General (a.) early. Fob Sikgaporb. — Voyager, early ; Noma, 21th ; prima Donna, ttth. For Port Natal and Cape Town.— Anne, early; Hannah, j For Tahiti and San Francisco— City of Norfolk (s) 19th Inst. j For Portland, Pout Fairt, and Warrnambool.— Phoebe, 20th. ( For Calcutta.— Loch Lomond, early, j For Manilla. — Islo of Franco, early. } IMPORTS. ; November 18.— Balmoral, from Hobart Town : 1200 posts and 1 rails, 50 tons stones, 1700 5-fcct palings, 2000 6-fcct do., i Order. i Novembor 18.— City of Sydney, from Sydney : 700 bags pota. j toes, Si casks, 38 firkins butter, 74 bundles spades, 10 kegs nails , j 12 bags barley, 20 bags 3 casks onions, 14 bags rice, 223 casks, f 41 packages fruit, 3 casos printing materials, 164 boxes candles, 1 case 'pictures, 4 cases type, 1 case gold boxes, 2 cases tinware, 7 bags X caso leather goods, 1 horse, 8 hhds. oil, 10 cases oigars, 1 I box eggs, 1 coop fowls, 1 parcel books, 1 caso plants, 1 box ! cloths, 1 caso, 2ba;s, 4 oratos fowls, 1 parcel 1 box jewellery, 3 ! crates pigs, 8 packages, Order. I Novonjbor is.— General Wool, from Hobart Town: 700,000 ! fcot Amerloan timber, 100 bags oats, CO cases jam, Ordor. J November 18. — Wanderer, from Sydney : 1222 deals, 1013 i bags barley, 124 bags maize, 200 cases pickles, 0 drays, 2 tins I honoy, 3 oases drapery, Order. November 18.— Francisco, from Valparaiso : 10,737 and a-half ] bags wheat, D99 and a.lialf bags bran, 1 000 qr.-bags nuts, 600 and i a-half bags flour, 2887 qr.-bags flour, Juan Dicz. j November 19.— Lady Bird, from Launeeston : 80 bags bran, J. i -Haven ; 2^4 bags flour, William Bayles and Co. ; 4G bags pota ] toes, Campbell ; 110 bags bran, Crawford and Grey; 200 bags ! - flour, 107 bags wheat, 28 bags oats, 250 bags brun, 10 tubs i butter, 1 horse, Order. ! November 19. — Daniel, from San Francisco : 2G50 bags flour, | 800 firkins butter, 1400 bags bran, Order. ; exports. Novembor 20.— Grecian, for Throe Hut Point: 100 sheep Order. PORT OF GEELONG. ARRIVED.—November 18. — Union, brig, 166 tons. J.M. Gill, from Hobart Town. Passonger — Mrs. Gill; Corio, screw steamer, 83 tons, William Brown, from Greenock, 110 days out; Janet Dixon, schooner, 70 tons, J. Gibson, from Launceston ; Liver- pool, schooner, from Melbourne ; Triumph, ketch, from Mel- bourne. i Cleared Oct.— November 18. — Royal Shepherd, steamer, 184 ! tons, W. H. Saunders, for Launeeston, in ballast ; l'lrato, steamer zoo tons, i . urag, mr j^uuuuuaiuu, vtim jiaiL ui original cargo from Sydney. Sailed. — Koyal Shepherd, screw steamor, for Launeeston ; Pirate, screw steamer, for Launeeston. PORT OF LAUNCESTON. ARRIVALS. — November 15. L.S.N. Co.'s steamer, Lady Bird, 176 tons, Thos. Robertson, master, from Melbourne j George Fisher, Bgent. Schooner, llargreaves, 196 tons, Win. M'Donald, master, from Geelong; Schooner, Queen of the Isles, 133 tons, G. Lewis, master, from Molbourno, Williams and Gladman, agents ; Brig Emma, 121 tons, G. D. Everingham, master, from Sydney, George Fisher, agent. PORT OF HOBART TOWN. Arrived. — Barque, Glflncoe, Lang, from Port Albert, 4th inst. with 68 head cattle and 26 sheep; schooner, Reindeer, Prynn, from Melbourne 2nd inst., with sundries ; schooner, Picard, Johnstone, from Melbourne 5th inst, with 500 bags salt ; barque, Glenbervlo, Anderson, from London Gtli July, with a genoral, cargo. Brig, KIrkwood, 135 tons, Lewis, from Auckland, New Zea land, 2UU ult., with sundries; sahooner, Flying Squirrel, 87 tons, MoClemont, from Geolong, 3rd Inst,, with 160 sheep; barque Emu, 308 tons, Harris, from Melbourne 28tli ult., in ballast ; aehoonor, Lady Leigh, 119 tons, Considlne, from Batavla 27 th September, with sundries ; brig, Emma Prescoit, J CD tons, Har burgh, from Melbourne 7th Inst., with sundries ; brig, Swan, 150 tons, Renfree, from Melbourne 31st ult., with 21 cases crockery and 50 hides. November 14— Dart, brig, 134 tons, Sansom, from Geelong, November 8, with sheep and sundries ; ltosjcoe, brig 173 tons, MoLachlan, from Molbourno, Nov. 1, with sundries ; Capo Horn, barque, 174 tons, Stuart, from Geelong, with sundries. November 15— Agnes, scuooner, iiu ions, nurse, irom .Mel bourne November 10, with general cargo. November 16— City of Hobart (sO 362 tons, G. V. BcnUey, from Melbourne November 14, with sheep and sundries. Dwaptuues— November 10— Barquo, Genoral Wool, Steplien eon, for Melbourne ; brig, Union, for Geelong. November H— Schooner, Macquarle, Absom, for Port Albert. November 13— Schooner, Balmoral, King, for Melbourno. Cleared Out.— November 14 — Swallow, for Adolalde; En glishman, fer Sydney ; MaiUand, fop Ceylon. PORT OF SYDNEY. arrived. Novembor 11.— Golden Spring, brig, 191 tons, Captain Kelly, from Molbourne 7th Inst., In ballast. Chorusker, Danish ship, 666 tons, Captain Chrlstenson, from London, 6th August. Moa, brig, 236 tons; Captain James Bowden, front Auckland, October 38th. Novembor 12. — Boomerang, (s. s.), 400 tons, Captain Henry O'Reilly, from Moreton Bay 9th Imt. Norna, P. and 0. S. Co.'s steamer, 1200 tons, Captain Henry Down, from Singapore, Oct. 17th ; King George's Sound, November 1st; Adelaido, Novem ber?^; Melbourne, November 10th. November 13.— Villo do Granville, French barque, 216 tons, Captain E. L. Lemingon, from Port Louis, Mauritius, October ^November 14.— Governor.General 700 tons, Captain Foelcley, from Melbourne, lltli Inst. Waratah (s.), 350 tons, .Captain Bell, from Melbourno Ilth inst. I departures. November 11,— Graaf Van Nassau, for Batavja. Resolug»n, for Manila. Victoria Packet, for Melbourne. London, steamer, for Melbourne. M, A. Jones, for San Francisco. WlUiam Mlskln (».), for Moreton Bay, \v lue nay, ana ron uurus, November 12.— Oscar Vldal, for Calcutta. Tory, for Port Cooper, via Newcastle, Jacqueline and Elise, for Batavla. Bur nett, for Wide Bay. November 13.— Kate Kearney, for Port Albert. Mary Ann, for South Sea Islands. , , November 14.— Brothers, for Moroton Bay. Shamrock, for Moreton Bay. Tho Ville do Granville, which arrived on Sunday from Mauritius, is a French clipper barque, and has accomplished tho quickest passago on record between that port and Sydney, having only been thirty-four days out, with a full cargo. Sho is ? a fine little vessel, and has proved herself a very fast sailer. She reports tho Just, French ship, as loading for Sydney.— Syd- ney Morning Herald. , , , Tub Pacific.— Intelligence was received yestorday, by tho Sydney and Melbourno Stcam-sliip Company, of the rapidly approaching completion of their fine steam-ship Pacific. Thoro wore as many men at work upon her as it was possible to find room for; sho was to be launched on tho 23rd September, and would positively sail on the 1st November. Sir George Grey ? vm in treaty for a passage to tho Cape of Good Hope, and there was no doubt from tho number of applications, that all the ftabtns would be taken. Captain Glover, late of the Propontis, bad been appointed Chief Officer, and several other minor appointments were in progress. She may therefore io ex. ; pected hero at Utf end of tho year.— Sydney Morning Herald. Lauvch op the TiTfE — Nrwcastlk-on-Tynk, August 11.— | Yesterday, a very noble Iron steam-ship was launched from tho building yard of Mossrs. Jiavenhill, Miller, and balkeld, at Walker, three miles below this tojpn. Sho is for the West India R«ral Mall Company, and is four feet longer than the Great Britain. Her length to 320 foot, breadth 36 feet, depth 30 feet, and burden in tons 1,850. Sho will carry ?-S0.0 tons, and will have accommodation for 300 passengers. Sho has fopr decks, is a paddle-wheel steamer, And is 40 feet longer t^iananjr vessel hitherto built on the Tyne.—r/m^, August 10. ^ Overloading an Emigrant Ship.— A singular action for damages has been tried at Liverpool assies, Mr. Steel, a ship owner, proposed to send out emigrants to Australia in the Mil t lades' as well as freight. He received so much cargo that the ship drew sixteen feet six inches without the passengers' provi sions. Captain Schomberg, tho Government emigration oiheer declared that this was too much lading, and refused to allow the vessel to depart. Part of tho cargo had to be taken out, and Mr. SU el sustained a loss of £1048. This he sought to recover from iGapUIn Schomberg. The defendant pleaded hot Guilty by Atatute.' Mr. Knowlcs contended that tho defendant was per ifeotly iiuaiffied in the courso he had pursued, by tlio 26th section of tlie Aot, vtlch empowered him to object to whatever endan gered the safoty of tho ship and passengers, and that there could tbo no doulit that by ship drawing too much water, tlio safoty -of both tho .passengers and ship were endangered, lho j udge assented to this view, and ruled that the defendant was entitled Z- a vordlct under that section. Verdict accordingly, with leavo .reserved to the plaintiff to move to enter a verdict for him, tlio damages to be assessed, if necessary, by Mr. Hall, ono ot tho rfurv. — Home Sept. 9th. Two new first-rate screw steamers have fceen ordered to bo ,fcuU\ which a naval conUmpprary says will bo the finest and z&ost; powerful which the world has yet produced. _ Gne will be of 3,950 tons. 245 foot in length by 61 feet in breadth ; and I ono of 4.116 tons, 260 feet in length and GO feet wide.— Mtrror. SdtrriiAMPTOK, Saturday, August 26. — Tho Nubia, Captain Harris, a fine newscrcw steamship of 2200 tons-burden, and 450 ; Jforse power, built by Mr. John Laird, of Birkenhead, for tho Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company, arxivwl hero this tnorning after a rapid run of 40 hours from tho Mersey, during which, notwithstanding that tho bearings wero somewhat heated, as 1« usual with ail new machinery, tho ship behaved most ad mirably. and made a speed of 12 knots. The engines, which aro by Mesrrs. Faweett, Troston, and Co., of Liverpool, aro excel lent specimens of engineering workmanship, and the stings of the saloon and cabins aro pf the most elegant designs, with $11 Chose convenience'and comforts for passengors forwlnch tho ships of the Peninsular and Oriental Company aro celebrated. After an official trip, with the Govornmont surveyors on board, tho Hubla is to be placed on the Southampton, Malta, and Alexan dria station, and is to leavo on the 4th of Septembor, with tho malls for India, China, and Australia. — Time*, August 28. Tbi Citt or Glasgow.— Some fragments of the lost steamship were seen by a master of a British vessel, on the »2th ult., in latitude *1.56, long. 66. They consisted of a chest, M»rted . City ot Glasgow,' In a wreath of laurel. A plank, about twolve feet lour, belonging to the ship, and having some letters on It, which at the time could not bo read, was near til* stint, ?'/llmtriiM /-?»*-» Ntwt.-r, D, Unit Poptrf, Portland Bay. — The Nestor Case. — We learn from the Portland Guardian that the preliminary Inquiry Into the cir- cumstances of the stranding of the Nestor was concluded on Thursday, 9th instant, before a full Bench consisting of the fol- lowing magistrates :- J. Blair, Esq., P.M., S. Lapham, Esq., J. Findlay , Esq., S. G. Henty, Esq., F. Henty, Esq., and W. Lear- mouth, Esq. Captain Fawthrop, Harbor Master, was re-ex- amined, and deposed: The Nestor arrived in Portland Bay in the afternoon. After I had properly moored her I went on shore and returned the next morning. None but Government boats were allowed alongside the vessel at that time. I saw the cap- tain, he said he wanted a survey held on the vessel, and asked me and a captain of one of the other vessels to hold a survey. I asked what for? He answered that the ship had been very leaky on the passage, and he was afraid she was not seaworthy. I said I would see about it, and the conversation dropped. I met the captain on shore a day or two after, and he said he must have the survey he was talking about. I said it was impossible. While the ship had part of her cargo to deliver at Madras, she could not be condemned, and that she must have been seaworthy when she left England. I advised him not to persist in it. So large a quantity of iron (300 tons) stowed the same manner as in her would cause.any vessel to strain. If she had not been sea worthy she would not have remained as she is now. If weak, she would, probably, have been by this time what is termed bogged. I visited the vessel several times, and considered her staunch and sound. By Mr. Scott When the captain spoke to me about the survey he did not assign as a reason any reports that had been circulated respecting the vessel. He did not mention to me any thing about the Surgeon-Superintendent. If she had not been strong the vessel would probably have bogged the night she came ashore. Dr. Findlay, Immigration Agent, was then ex- amined, but did not add any new light to the evidence already given. The prisoners were then asked if they had any thing to say. Captain Brown then said: With regard to Captain Fawthrop's evidence, I stated though he may have for- gotten it, that the reason of my speaking of the survey was the report of it the Surgeon-Superintendent, and I asked him if it would be right in consequence to hold a survey. The second time I spoke of it because the report had been given into the board, and I asked his advice ; I thanked him and reported to my agent. Next, with regard to the evidence of the mate : when the Surgeon-Superintendent spoke about the report in the presence of my officers, I said in that case I must look to myself and get advice. I never said on Friday evening that I felt a strange motion in the vessel but once, that was when, I ordered the ship to be pumped out at nine o'clock. Before the chains were slipped I made this remark— This has been done by somebody ; I shall run the ship ashore and not allow her to go down in deep water." Mr. Scott then commented on the evidence, which he said was quite insufficient to fix guilt upon the captain, and urged it as conclusive evidence that the captain had no guilty part or in- tention in the disaster of the Nestor, otherwise he would have let the vessel go down in deep water rather than run her ashore. The magistrates retired to consult for a considerable time, and on their return the Police Magistrate stated that a majority of the Bench had decided to send the charge before a jury, and com- mitted the captain, carpenter and second mate to take their trial at the next assizes, to be held on the 20th December next, for feloniously setting adrift the British barque Nestor. The captain committed to ball himself in £300 and two sureties in £150 each. Wrkck at Marttua's Strand. — Information concerning tho wreck of the ship Chancellor was received in town on Saturday last, lho following letter was laid on the tablo of tlio Commer cial Lxclmngc ' Capo Town, September 1G, 1854. Sir— I regret to have to inform you that the English ship Chancellor, 860 tons, Captain James Turner, from Bombay to London, was wrecked between the Cape L'Agullas and Breede River, near a spot called Martha's Strand, on Tuesday evening. The captain, crew (excepting two whose names are not reperted), and passen- gers were all saved. The vessel has broken up, and the beach is strewed with cargo, which is being collected to be disposed of as the surveyors direct.— I have, &c.;, J. Barry. To the Hon. Raw- sown William Rawson, Esq., Secretary to Government, Cape Town." A contract with the government has beon mado to provide for tho punctual departure for the future of tho fine steamers bc S. Company, leaving Sydney 011 tho 1st, and Melbourno on the 7th of every alternate month.— Emvire November 4. ' Captain Sansom, of the brig Dart, reports having seen the City of Hobart, steamer, off George's Rocks on Thursday, about 11 a. m. steaming at full speed, with foro and aft canvas set.— Hobart lawn Paper. We regret to say that information was received in town yester day of the loss of the cutter Struggler, the property of Mr W Basstian, on her passage from Spring Bay to Hobart Town It appears that the vessel was taken by tho same gale on Wednes day as the ship Maitland, and drafftrincr lierannhnr. wn« .iri :-mi broadside on shoro at Maria Island. Every clTort was made to S^.Y? cargo ( wlisat), and one or two boatloads were taken out ot the cutter; but the sea was running so high that they woro obliged to relinquish their endeavour, having much difficulty in saviug their boats. The crew were most hospitably entertained by Mr. W. Hetcher, on Maria Island. Wo understand that there is but small chance of getting the cutter rifT, the trcmcndoui ^viug considerably injured tlie vessel. ANOTHER ARRIVAL FROM CHINA.—MORE DISEASE.—The Chinese ship Exchange (formerly the British ship Troubadour) arrived yesterday from Whampoa, with 613 passengers, 85 of whom are reported to have died on the passage. There are also a large number sick, and the disease is in all probability the same as that which carried off so many of the passengers of the Libertad. One Chinese ship has already been sold at this port by the United States Marshal for carrying an excess of passengers, and as soon as business is again resumed in the U.S. District Court, two more, the Libertad and Australia, will also be brought to the hammer for a similar violation of the law. These stringent measures on the part of the authorities here appear to have no effect whatsoever upon those who are engaged in the business of transporting Chinamen to this country, packed after a fashion which throws the most indefatigable slaver which ever sailed on the African coast completely in the shade. Apart from the misery entailed on the unfortunate Celestials themselves, and the certain death to which they are consigned by being induced to embark on these floating pest-houses, the expense entailed on the city is a subject of serious consideration, and will be very sensibly felt by our already heavily-taxed community. Very few people have any idea of the expenditures caused by com- pelling the passengers by the Libertad to perform quarantine, at Goat Island. The disease which prevailed amongst them and carried off so many was, to be sure, scurvy, which is not conta- gious, and the patients might be sent to the State Marine Hos- pital, but a long time elapsed before the medical men of the city had agreed on the character of the complaint, and under such circumstances the authorities could not with a due regard for the health of the city, pursue any other course. Scurvy, however, is not the only disease which can be generated in over-crowded vessels scantily supplied with the common necessaries of life, and if proper precautions be not adopted in the case of these Chinese vessels, the city may be decimated by a malignant type of ship fever, which, notwithstanding all that may be said to the contrary, is extremely contagious.— San Francisco Herald, August 16. Australian Emigration From Liverpool. - The Australian emigration trade during the month of August has been rather quiet, and although the number of vessels exhibits an increase of four (and in the aggregate 2,910 tons) over the preceding month —the quantity of passengers shows a decrease of 1,119. This falling off, however, is chiefly in Government emigrants, 1,170 having been sent out last month, including 518 which sailed in July, in the Dirigo, which put back, and re-sailed in August, against 2,335 in July, showing a decrease of 1,152. The number of passengers by private ships exhibits an increase of 33 over the preceding month. Twenty-one vessels, bound for Austra- lian ports, left the river in August, of an aggregate tonnage of 19,823 tons, or an average of 943 tons to each vessel; of these, twelve were for Melbourne, three for Sydney, four for Adelaide, one for Geelong, and one for Moreton Bay. Three carried out government emigrants, eleven private passengers, and seven merely cargo. The following is the name of each ship, with the number of passengers, from the returns furnished to the Govern- ment Emigration Office :— August 1. Bona Venture, for Mel- bourne, 225 passengers. 2. Flora Temple, for Melbourne, 443 passengers; Claudius Civilis, for Sydney, 21 passengers. 9. Dirigo, for Adelaide, 518 passengers; Drie Vrienden, for Ade- laide, 3 passengers. 14. Watergeus, for Sydney. 15. Delgany, for Melbourne, 275 passengers ; Gezusters, for Melbourne, 22 passengers. 16. Clasmerden, for Melbourne, 420 passengers. 19\. Arabian, for Melbourne, 325 passengers ; Mary Holland, for Moreton Bay; James Fernie, for Adelaide, 337 passengers. 21. Pluto (s. s.), for Melbourne. 23. Herald of the Morning, for Melbourne, 243 passengers. 26. Caroline, for Melbourne. 27. Marion, for Adelaide. 28. Virginia, for Melbourne. 29. James M'Henry, for Melbourne, 458 passengers ; Telegraph, for Gee- long ? 30. Constance, for Melbourne, 336 passengers : St. Helena, for Sydney; 255 passengers, Total number of pas- sengers— 3896. — Liverpool Chronicle. 