MORETON BAY. The following are taken from Brisbane papers to the 11th instant : Church of Englands meeting was held in the Church of England school-house at North Brisbane, on the 2nd instant, the Bishop of Newcastle presiding, for the purpose of establishing in Brisbane a District Association in connection with the Newcastle Church Society. His lordship opened the meeting with an explanation of the objects of the proposed society, which has been already in operation for three years, in other parts of the diocese. The objects contemplated are first, to afford aid and countenance to the primary schools in connection with the Church of England, and to furnish education of a superior order, I in grammar and commercial schools ; secondly, to secure suitable maintenance for the clergy; thirdly, to secure a supply of books for distribution in the various parishes and lastly, to aid in the support of Christian missions. The Bishop reported the progress of the society in previous years, which had been highly satisfactory and encouraging. In the first year of its institution the sum collected was nearly £500, in the second SHOO, and last year £2400. The following resolutions were put to the meeting, and carried unanimously Proposed by Captain Wickham, R.N., and seconded by the Rev. H. O. Irwin : That this meeting desires to express its deep sense of the importance of the objects which the Newcastle Church Society has been established to promote, and of the great good which will result from increased efforts being made to carry out those objects by the members of the Church united in their own particular districts Proposed by Mr. H Buckley, seconded by the Rev. J. Wallace : That this meeting rejoices to hear of the efforts which are being made to promote sound religious education in this diocese, by Primary Church Schools and Grammar Schools, and is anxious to promote the success of such efforts in the diocese generally, and in this particular townsite- posed by Mr. J. S. Ferriter, seconded by Mr. W. B. Tooth, and supported by the Rev. R. Creyke : That this meeting, being fully aware of the want of adequate public provision for the maintenance of the clergy, expresses a confident opinion that the duty of making regular annual contributions for the support of their ministers will be cheerfully recognized by the lay members of the church. Proposed by Mr. A. Eldridge, seconded by Mr. A. J. Hockings : That' the following persons be now chosen the officers of the Brisbane District Association of the Newcastle Church Society for the present year, 1854: viz., President, the Bishop of Newcastle; vice-president and treasurer, Captain Wickham, R.N. ¡ secretary, the Rev. R Creyke; committee, Lieutenant-Colonel Prior, Messrs. R. R. Mackenzie, J. S.'Ferritor, H. Buckley, T. Jones, R. Little, W. A. Brown, W. B. Tooth, G. Harris, A. Eldridge, and A. J. Hockings, with power to add to their number. Wesleyan Missionary Society. On Sunday last, the Rev. Edward Griffith, Independent Minister at Ipswich, preached two sermons in the School of Arts, at Brisbane, in aid of the Wesleyan Missionary Society. The text in the morning was John, 21st chap,, part of the 17th verse, and in the evening Isaiah, 63rd, 1st verse. He was responded by the devout feeling and liberal contribution of the audience. On Monday evening a public meeting was held in the same place for the advocacy of Christian Missions. There was a very numerous and respectable attendance. After the usual devotional exercises, the chair was taken by the Rev. Thomas Mowbray, whose assistance to the Society was most promptly and generously given. The Rev. J. G. Millard read a brief report of the Society's proceedings in various parts of the world ; after which it was moved by the Rev. Mr. Sinclair, and seconded by Dr. Hobbs-"That this meeting acknowledges with gratitude to Almighty God the success which has been vouchsafed to the Wesleyan and other Evangelical and Protestant Missionary Societies." Moved by the Rev. J. G. Millard, and seconded by the Rev. Edward Griffith-" That this meeting, whilst thankful for what the Gospel has done and is doing among the heathen, is yet deeply sensible that there are vast masses of mankind still perishing for lack of knowledge and recognises the duty of holding Annual Missionary Services, and of employing every other legitimate means to promote . the wider diffusion of Christianity on earth. Moved by the Rev. N. Turner, and seconded by Mr. Bourne " That as the conversion of the heathen can be effected only by the Divine co-operation with human exer- tion?, it is incumbent on all the friends of missions to pray that the spirit of the Lord may descend on the agents of the various Missionary Societies, and that He may bless their every effort, to the rapid extension of the Redeemer's Kingdom in the world." The resolutions were all unanimously carried. It is not our intention to make any remarks on the character of the speeches, but merely to say that every speaker seemed to have full sympathy with the cause. It was announced that similar missionary services would shortly be held at Moggill and the German's Station. At the close of the meeting a resolution was moved by Mr. J. S. Turner, and 'ueonderl by Mr. Sutherland, ijiutjuntug that, an Auxiliary Branch of the Wesleyan Missionary Society be formed in Brisbane, and nominating a number of gentlemen as the officers and committee of management for the ensuing year. The collections on the Sabbath and at the public meeting amounted to £32 11s. 9d. It is anticipated that throughout the district the sum of £100 will be raised in aid of the missions of this society. Moreton Bay Savings' Bank The Bill to esta- blish a Savings' Bank at Brisbane, and recently read a first time in the Legislative Council, provides that the Governor shall be President, and shall appoint a board of trustees, one of whom, also, he shall appoint Vice president. The trustees shall be a corporate body, and shall conduct the business of the corporation in Brisbane ; receiving deposits at such time and place as maybe fixed by their rules, and handing over such deposits to some bank in Brisbane, to the " Account of the Moreton Bay Savings' Bank." Any sum not less than a shilling will be received, and all drafts are to be signed by two trustees and the accountant. The Governor is empowered to guarantee, on security of the general revenue, repayment of any loan negotiated by trustees to meet the demands of depositors pro- vided that no outstanding loan shall exceed £10,000, unless the Legislative Council consent thereto. The Governor is further empowered to appoint trustees in other parts of the district, in connection with the Moreton Bay Savings' Bank, subject to the provisions of the laws in force respecting branches of the Savings' Bank of New South Wales. Wreck of the Ningi o.The Government Resident having communicated with the Commissioner of Crown Lands at Wide Bay, has been informed in reply that the survivor of the wreck of the Ningpo, who it will be remembered went on from the northern part of Moreton Bay in the direction of Wide Bay, had not arrived at the latter place, but a report had come in that a white man travelling in that direction was killed by the blacks. Thus the fate of this unfortunate man (believed to be the cabin passenger, Mr. Denty) is unknown : but the worst may be conjectured. Assisted Immigrants Act. The Bill now before the Legislative Council, for the amendment of the Assisted Immigrants Act, provides that so much of the 1 provisions of the first clause as relates to unmarried females shall be repealed. This is a very judicious improvement, for bad as the Act is altogether, it was doubly mischievous in its applications to female domestic servants. Another part of the new Bill proposes that engagements maybe made for less periods than two years, with the consent of both parties. Puhlio'Works.-A Bill has been sent down to the Legislative Council by his Excellency the Governor General, having for its object the authorisation of loans, secured upon the General Revenues of the colony, for the purpose of forthwith proceeding with the construction of public works of a permanent character in this colony. Various works of this description are enumerated in the Bill, and the sums required for the respective services are of course fixed at a very high maximum. Amongst the sums mentioned as likely to be required, are £30,000 for a lighthouse at Cape Moreton ; £2000 for a court house at Ipswich and a further sum of £2000 for a jetty at Cleveland. If this Bill should be considered in committee, it is to be hoped that the survey and deepening of the river entrance will not be forgotten. Geolooy.-Another report from Mr. Stutchbury has been published, dated Durundur, 1st August." The writer gives several coloured maps, showing extensive coal fields; but with respect to gold, although he found it in small particles in Delaney's Creek and other places, he persists in his opinion that it does not here exist in paying quantities. Coal. We have seen a sample of coal from the Red stock coal pits, above the falls on the Bremer River, a mile or two above Ipswich. This mine has been not for some time in working order, and has yielded about 400 tons of coal since it was opened, seven or eight months ago. The coal is well spoken of by blacksmiths in Brisbane, who have used it for the forge, and we understand that it is the intention of the proprietors to endeavour to open an export trade by means of vessels requiring ballast, as soon as the necessary arrangements can be made. Pestilential Nuisances. We should be sorry to advocate any vexatious interference on the part of the police on private affairs of the inhabitants. Experience has shown that in many instances petty servants of the public, "armed with a little brief authority, are more inclined, whether by order or otherwise, to become private spies than to watch over the public safety and therefore such prying inquisitors should be put down rather than encouraged. But there is one nuisance which, although it may be said to be purely a private matter, is, on the contrary, most impure a public grievance. We allude to the existence of slaughter-houses, tallow melting establishments, and offal repositories, in the immediate vicinity of the public streets of Brisbane. The disgusting effluvium arising from one of these places is absolutely dangerous to public health, and really deserves the attention of the local Health Officer, if nobody else I will look after it. The warm weather is again setting in, and the proper authorities should at least step in to arrest the typhus fever. There can be no difficulty in finding out the spot, for, to borrow the words of the Danish Prince, slightly altered-" If you find it not within this month, you shall lose it as you go upstairs into the lobby." 