?ENGLISH NEWS TO DECEMBER 9. .J/.JL supplement to the Gazette contains a pro clamation by the Queen, summoning Parliament lor the 12th of. December, for the despatch of ili 'yers 'urgent and important affairs.' '' The Times reports that since' the recent ceri , aitre of th& Greeks in Loiv.lon for rejoicing at our ' 'losses in the Crimea, thev have behaved with « decency and discretion. It adds that tho public ._Jias.not.forgotteii that there are some few of the B 'most respectable among them who have always kept a tourse free from reproach. A Greek' writes from Manchester to the leading : journal denying, that the Greeks gene '~rally have offended. He hints that two persons I, -have ! striven' to raise a prejudice against the '? Greeks in this country. He hopes the contribii fions; to the Patriotic Fund will show that the // ^G-reelc /iiicrcliaiits really, sympathise with Eng v J land. : , . t Vnieetmjr at the parish of St. Pancras for tlie purpose of securing a suitable person represent ,the borough of Marylebone, va h'cant by. the death of Lord- Dudley Stuart, a resolution was carried appointing a deputation ' 'to wait on Sir Hamilton Seymour, ' who dis .' . tiuguislied himself in his diplomatic position j at .the Court of Russia,' to obtain his consent \- to be put -in nomination. Sir Hamilton de 'i:iclined the invitation to stand for the borough. .Mr. William Joseph Thomson, a member of! ?»tlic. Newcastle Exchange Subscription rooms, '? WttD BAJJUUUU HjU U» lllUUUUg Ul IrUU JiltslUUCIO iiuiva .there recently. He liiul always been found to ' /express pro-Russian opinions. The Russian ; successes were to him a source of. joy— their -defeats, of sorrow. He had scored aud al '^'.?bered'uewspapers, aud hung them up near the ^^teleg'rapli news, ' underlined. His name was struck out of the list amidst cheering. ? - ? Mr. Card well attended a dinner in the town hall of Oxford last week, given to the retiring Mayor, Mr. Richard Spiers. The health of ? the. city, members- gave occasion for a speech, and the war was the prominent topic. ' Re luctant, Mr. Card well said, was all England to break our long career of peace ; but war having been forced upon us, we are determined so to carry it on, that in future other coun tries shall be reluctant to make war with us. v Government is resolved, the people are resol i-.- ved, and within a few days Parliament is to meet to give -final effect to that resolution. 'We believe that the blood shed iu the Crimea L will produce such a crop 6f confidence in . British valour, aud respect for Great Britain; ??xntUj wnen once an nouourauie peace nas oeeu. ! /achieved, that peace may be lasting and iu ' violable.' (Immense cheering.) . Sir Joseph Paxton was elected for Coventry,. , -;-on the 2nd inst., without opposition. ' According to a Manchester paper the , ' general indignation which lias been excited -, .amoug the inhabitants of that city by the recent letter -of Mr. Jolin Bright, one of the J representatives of that borough, on the war, j7,' '.was openly manifested a few days ago, when Mr. Bright was /burned in effigy at New Cross, ? by a large number of shopkeepers and trades ? - men of that part of the city. The effigy was made 'up 111 the usuaAinaiinui'. It was seven ' Olecli„six inches liigh, and;, the' head' covered by ?;r,a..liat,;tho brirh of which was 12 'indies' wide; ? hi. On the breast, of this representative of Mau \--'- chcstor was a placard' with the following ' ' inscription V — ' Bright, the friend of Nicholas -i a ? ' ii,!i — . ? - UrUU UUUOl. LUIS WOIU UUU lUllUWIUg HHUD . — i ' To brighten up the Quaker's fame, . i »jm.— . :i : We'll put his body to the flame,. sj And. shout, ia mighty England's name, ' Send. him to old Nicholas !' ' 'The effigy was brought out of , Bradford street r : and carried in procession down Union street and along Ancoats, and reared against ' the lamp at ? -New Cross. Here it was set on fire; when '^oiiie police police officers,- seeing the crowd !/', Assembled, interfered and took it away. They f,/ii bad, iowever, only gone about 200 yards, up Oldham ' road when the populace became 'so in ?''Vdignaut' dt; seeing their very peaceable represent; jj.^.ativc' taken 'to- the police station, that they at -citjonce rescued him from the hands of his detainers. ^- 'I'ln- tli6 scuffle that took place Mr Bright lost his ^.^''' .btoji^brim.''. After liis rescue from the police ^'vhe''ffWjii3iiM.''dowa' Cable street, and again' set ir.nion fire.:. The police a second time interfered; \- ; 3tiutHbey. only succeeded in securing one of Mr ^0^riglit's legs. _ This they carried off iii triumph, followed iby. ;a large number of persons, to the L-i'i'policeistation; where it was locked up until the '^.'foUo^ing. morning; - -'t%,.-A-e-?ordiug:to the. Globe, the address of the o .'1; House of ; Commons, in reply,. to Her Majesty's i-oi.- speech from the throne, will be-imoved by' Mr Henry Arthur Herbert, M.P. for Kerry. ':fi--,N'Ew; Members in the 'House of Com '^.^mons.— Although piily a few weeks have elapsed ?. V isince .parliament was prorogued, no fewer than ,i:;u25'. new members will take their seats in the ' -'i/House of Commons on the opening of the ^'forthcoming parUamentary session. It will -;t be - . remembered: that, a few days before the { ^clQse'of the last session, writs were granted, on ?t:J ' the motion of Sir William Joliffe, for live bo ^ .roughs; which .had been for a long time sus J''perided, and the following gentlemen were . .-p relected in the early part of the recess : — Can- j -/ ^terbury, ? Mr. C. M. Lushington (moderate ? -'conservative) and Sir William Somerville; ^'''Bart. (liberal) ; Cambridge, Mr. Shafto Adair , .,,i;;i(liberal) and Mr. Mowatt (liberal) ; Maldon, ?it/.'w. I&. ..W. M. Peacocke (conservative) and Mr. J. Bramlcy Moore (conservative); Barn cii; staple; .Mr. Guinness (conservative) and Air. Laurie (conservative) ; Hull, Mr. Watson, /'Q.-3. (liberal) and Mr. W. D. Seymour (libe :;'i.ral). Mr. Johu Henry Gurney (liberal) 1 V will,' take the seat for King's Lynn, rendered ? vacant by the death of Lord i ;!i' Jocelyn ; Viscount Duncan '(liberal) the seat ! .for Forfai'shire, vacant, by the death of Colonel jj -Maule Mr. Acton (liberal) that for Wigan, vacant by the death of Mr. 11. A. Thicknesse ; \- -.' Lord Durtgarvon (conservative) that for Frome, ; - vacant by the death of Colonel Boyle; Mr. Ser ! jeant' O'Brien (liberal), that for Limerick, va j cant j by the death of Mr. Robert Potter ; and '. . Sir Joseph Paxton (liberal), that for Coventry, \- vacant -by the death of Mr. Geach. Lord ' Haddo will take liis seat for Aberdeenshire, tlie ^'/vacancy having, been caused by the resignation e -'j of :Rear . Admiral the Hon. William Gordon. t Eiglit other constituencies liave yet to elect re ; ;j ^resentatives-— namely, Abingdon, in the room ,7'; of Lord.Norreys, who has'succeeded to the earl dom of Abingdom ; Bedford, in the room of Mr. V'; Henry Stuart, deceased; Limerick county, in y the room of Mr. Wyndham Goold, deceased ; . Fermanagh county, in . the room of Sir Arthur . . '1vQoke, deceased ; Antrim, in the room of Col. ; 'ham, deceased ; Ayrshire, in tho room of' . Pakeu. deceased ; East Gloucestershire, ? Colonel x. Sir Michael I-Iicks Beach, Bart., in the room o^ Marylebone, in the room of ] deceased ; and ,art' c\ecease^- , ? Lord Dudley Coutts Sw -Among the naval . Lieutenant Ruthvf.n.— Cavendish \- officers killed at Sebastopo. 01 10 : Bradstreet Ruthveu, the ywngesu 'e , a Baroness 'JRuthven, the ,i\cptespntati-._ by name long distinguished in. 'Scottish, hisw . Lieutenant Kuthven was not the first of Wt- . family who had freely sliced his blood in. the f service of his country. His brother Walter had previously perished at Fcrozeshah, in the mili tary service of the Hon. East India Company. The present inheritors of the name thus prove themselves well entitled to their ancient motto, j ' Deeds show.' ? Charles Kf.mble. — This distinguished actor died on the 12tli ultimo. He was born the same year that Mrs. Siddons made her first appearance at Drury Lane, 1175. In the winter of 1192-3 lie made his first appearance at the Sheffield Theatre as Orlando, in 'As you like it,' and in April, 17l.M, through the interest of his brother John, made his debut at Drury Lane, as Malcolm, iu ' Macbeth.' Almost to tho last day of his life lie was well known in private society as 0110 of 1,1 iv most cheerful and intelligent of companions. His flow of spirits was the more remarkable, as for tlie last few years lie suffered so severely from deafness, that without the aid of a trum pet he could not hear a single worcl ot tlie conversation around liiiu. To the chosen few who have known him in society his death will be an irreparable loss. Though Charles Kemble played tragedy as well as comedy, it is with tlie higher class of comedy that his name is chiefly associated. To him Miss Glyn, one of the few actresses of high and thoughtful I cultivation that we now have, owes all her elocutionary power, as regards form and me thod. Mr. Charles Kemble married, in 1806, ?M-.Ve TWnco TWnm,-. 7-Tio nliilrlron 17nniiv J.U.130 -? (Mrs. Butler), Adelaide (Mrs. Sartoris), aud the Rev. John Kemble, the eminent Saxon scholar, have nobly. maintained the intellectual glory of the house. Sir. ' Geokge- Catiicart and the ?' fallen Geneuals^-TIic bo'dics 'of Sir G eorgc Cath cai't and CoIohqI C. .Seymour, who had both been Kiiieci instantaneously, were iounu savagely mutilated by bayonet stabs. At' the time he' fell, Sir George ' was accompanied , only by 50 men, composed of the 20th, 46th, and 68th regiments, with a few guardsmen. ' This will vividly prove how mixed up were the' different regiments, and explain the desperate aud unequal hand-to-hand lights which .charac terised this bloody day. . The remains of the two much-lamented generals,. Sir G. Cathcartrand ; General F. Straiigways were interred ou the day following tlie battle. Lord Raglan, 'the Duke pf Cambridge, and several general 'officers wore ? present- at - the sad ceremony, at. which the whole of tlio 4tli Division and the greater part of the Artillery assisted. A spot of ground, k'nowii.as Cath cart's-hill' had been selected for their last repose. - This had . been a favourite walk of Sir Geora-e's— from ' thdiice he commanded a full view of Sebastopol,- and- could, watch tlie progress of what lrc callcd the experimental' gunnery carried .on - between . our siege bat teries. and the defensive works ' of the 'town.. 'It was -oil tiiis spot that lie arrived \yitli his division, .after tlie.' forced 'marcli froin ihc bank 'ofthc Tychernay.a;. andvmadc his wcll-knowri proposition to st6rm;tlie town that same night.' The, proposal 'was over-ruled.; : Lord and' Lady 'Palmerstou were recently on a visit to Paris,', with', it is said, some state object, which lias not transpired; On the' 18th ult. they.'paid!a visit to their ' Majesties at St. .Cloud, wlicre 'tlicy were most graciously re ceived. ? The -Empress paid marked attentions .'to. Lady.'PalnjcrstQh^ aud conversed .with her ladyship for. a long time. In tho evening *Lord and Lady Palmerstou. dined with' Lord 'and Lady. Cowley at 'the embassy, where a select party were invited to meet them. ;Th'e cholera is decreasing in Athens. ? Some 700 persons, mostly of the higher classes, fled from the'cityiii a steamer; tlie vessel foundered,, and not -a soul was saved. ' The King ofPrussia having ordered a col lection pf the books of the Mormons, the Latter-day Saints jumped to tlie conclusion that he' must be about to favour their views.' So a deputation set out from Stettin to wait upon the monarch to 'compliment ' him but 'when the train arrived at Berlin,, the Mormons ;were arrested by the police, interrogated at great length, and ordered to leave the city in 24 hours. ^ - The hist advices' from America mention that the Legislature of 'Canada had voted £20,000 towards -the Crimea Fund ; £10,000 to go to .the English army, and £10,000' to the French army ; the representatives of the colony re membering that they owe their origin both to France and England. Officers who have arrived from Constantino ple speak in the highest .terms of Miss Nightin gale aud her nurses. The day before they sailed from Scutari, about 6.00 of the British troops, who 'had -been wounded at Inker, man, arrived .'at the ; hospital. : ^ Their wounds and .bodies were washed by these ;ladies, clean liiien supplied to them,- and everything which the most teijdcr. care could suggest. was at hand in abundance. One stalwart guardsman, who had received three severe wounds, appeared deeply affected when lie ipund himsell the object of so much solicitude. ' Ah !' said' hep ' now I see tli&re; a're peQple in England ;Wh'p;.'care' ^for ;us poor soldiers.' ?' -i;' : - ? ' ?- Father Miitliew, the apostle of temperance,' has arrived at Madeira. That genial climate has already, produced a beneficial change in. his health.' . ; : » j, h The following, according- to1 the Almanack of the Imperial Academy of Sciences at St. Petersburg, was the population of Russia ait the last census, in 1849.:- — The population 'of Russia in Europe was 60; 628, 700, and, that of the whole of -the empire was' 66,428,200; !It was in 1722,14,000,000; in 1762; 20, 000, 00,0; in 1795, 36,000,000 ; in 1818, 45,500,000 ; in 1824', 50,000,000 ; 'in ' 1838, 59,000,009 ; and iii 1842, 62,500,000. These augmenta tions arise from tlie conquests of the Crimea, , of \ the , Caucasus, ' 1 Poland, Fidland, ; &b.;} which additions of territory' have more than doubled the '. extent oi' -the empire in 1722. The augmentation of 4,500,000 -between 1818 and 1824 shows an increase of population (of one-tenth in six years, and of double in sixty years. At this rate, M. Stchekaloff calculates tliat in; 1892 Russia will have 230,000,000 inhabitants. ? .;,A Lille journal, reports that an old man, wlio'was one of the hapless Frcnch soldiers, in tlie Moscow campaign, has just returned 'to that city after an abscncc of 40 years 'in Russia- ? He was taken -prisoner; sent jto Siberia,; and subsequently attached to. a mili tary corps. ? He was at the battle of the Alma, and fled to his couutrymcn. i The commerce of Odessa is in a sad state: of stagnation ; in the month of October the ex ports have generally been td the value of from 'three to four millions of roubles (£450,000|to 600,000 ) ; but last month the total was only 243,443 roubles. At Kertcli matters were still worse. ? A theatre is to bc built in each of the camps in France for the amusement of the military. .That of Honvault has been opened. A French nobleman lost a' pocket-book con taining a large sutir in bank-notes in the streets of Paris; a cook; out of place, and in great distress,- found it,- and- carried ? it - to the- Pre-- ' ' 'ture. ' The noblemati was so pleased with the cook's honesty spite of his poverty, tliat lie gave him half the notes as a reward, and promised to keep his interests in view. The commercial advices from the United States arc still gloomy. More failures have occurred. A defalcation of 100,000 dollars by a teller has been discovered in the Ocean Bank at j New York. _ . The Times correspondent believes that the immigration of Germans into New York this year will cxceed that of Irish. The New York Crystal Palace has closed its ' career of failures.' An attempt has been made to blow up Earle's hotel in New York ; several persons were hurt by the explosion of guiippwdcr. ' The remains of a mastodon, have been dis covered at Yrcka diggings, in California. j The Duke of Genoa has been reported to be convalescent, he had been suffering from an attack ol bronchitis. i;j,- The Count dc Saintc Aulairc; formerly- am- bassador from France to, England, died re cently at Paris, iu his 77th;year;' \'llp was a man of some literary attainments, and a mem ber of tlie institute. The author of the parody of Arndt's song, 'What is the German Fatherland?'/ which recently caused the seizure . of Punch and the Times, at Berlin, is Mr. Perceval Leigh, one of I Punch's oldest contributors!' Tl.rv +1,„ ? ? T.I ? ... auujui ux ujc jjitpcio iu I'rascr, on Russia and its armaments, is said to be our late ambassador at St. Petersburg, Sir H. Seymour. Mr. W. Hazlitt, whose name is well known in connection with law-reform and literature, lias been appointed registrar'- in Mr. CommissionerFou blanrpie's Court, in tho room of Mr. Pollock, re signed on account of ill-health. -' It M'as proposed by the directors of the Crystal Palace to recompense the Guides' Band for' then- services at the military fete at Sydenham ; this they have, however, declined with thanks, and requested that tlie sum intended ' for tliem . be paid to the Patriotic Fund. ' ' C-7; ! ; Afire occurred,. in St.- Clements Danes iii the Strand, destroying property to 'the1 value, of several, thousalids - of pounds, bcsides_ncarly Consuming tlio' whole of the Wliitliiugton Club house (formerly - the Crown and ,* Anchor Tavern) in tiic. Strand, which was insured as the property of the Duke Pf Norfolk for £10,000. ; : j The election , of, Lord 'iRector of Glasgow University took place, on. rtho ,15tli ult.; the retiring rector being the Earl of Egliuton. xmee cauuiciaies were proposed— iVLr, lieii j aman Disraeli, , by - the ' Conservatiy cs & Mr. Thomas Carl'yle, by the jLibernls; and the Duke of Argyll,; by the Presbyterian section of both parties. / Tho ? contest' was conducted -.with the, usual 'Jcecnuess^ .the 'turmoil beiiig confined to! the; bQys;'and lads' in -the college. Mr. .Carlyle: wa3.! withdrawn at a) late hour, and'the students ;went;tol,th'c^ ^vote. oil' the two other ; ^aiididatos.'^!!!^ j^ilt; ^ the Diike of Argyll' was'eiected'by'a majority. ;in all tho ' Nations,'— Argyll, - 269, -Disraeli 147\. A protest was taken against the validity'; of the duke's election;' .on ; the' ground that his' grace is Chancellor of . .the.5 University of St. Andrew's,, and , that'it is illegal ; to hold offices in two colletres::.'.') - ! ? By tho ?Orders' of'' the Bislibp' of Meaux, th|c leaden coffin; recentiy discovered, [.containing tho mortal remains of: Bossuet, was :opened on the 14th inst. „The,Jiead was. found covered with four folds of ' liiien,' ^'liich was. cut away with a. pair of scissors, and the features 'were then seen. -They, were much less changed, tiiau might ha, ye- been expected,' considering that tlie'body had bec:n buried a century aud a-lialf. -The head was .leaning a. little to; the right, .like to a, persoii.. asleep, and the left; part; .of the face was , in par ticular, , .exceedingly wblt preserved- . and .' at onde reminded the lookers-on 'ofiiUigaud'si portrait: 6f;'. the deceased. 1 The mouth -was open, .'the ; eyds: shut, the nose : somewhat . .fallen in, .,hai'r,.,w]nte, and the moustaches and in'inerial visible.. . 'I'lif. skull had been sawed across-so as to allow tile bruin to be taken away,' iii order to, let aromatic substances be pjaced' in. its stead.' An artist, who was present, took , a -; sketch of the face as it appeared when the1 coffin was ' opened. A glass was fixed over the face; so as to preserve it from the.- contact... pf .the air,- and the next day, at teii in the morning, a funeral service was performed;' at which the bishop officiated. Pontificial orna-. ments covered the coffin,' a crozier was placed close to it, find Bossuet once more appeared as bishop in his own cathedral. All the function aries of the town were present on the occasion, as well- as a largo number of other persons-.. After the mass had finished the- crowd walked round in order to see the features of the deceased. Tlie 'coffin was replaced in - the evening in the vault. . A work is about to be published at New York to refute Dr. Whewell's ' Theory on the Plurality of Worlds." ' lnfni'mn.i.IniV' 'if' nlnirkof ««?»»_ tain that among the victims by the lossi.of . tho Arctic may be;;numbered Henry Reed, yicc: : Provost and Professor of 'Bnglisli'Litcraturij' and .Rhetoric in tlio University ,of,, Pennsyl- vania . .Vv?:-'.;,' :i-l' i:' : ?;?- Barnnm; the world-r on owned showman, -has written a biography of himself.; Redfleld, the publisher, is the purchaser, at '; the enormous suiii of 75,000 dollars. , ; .'Cardinal . Mai's valuable library has been purchased by the Piipal government, and added to that of the Propaganda College. , . _ ..The Frcnch photographers'; in, the East have already sent to Paris 400 photographs of inci dents of the campaign. !i ! ? -Mr. John Melville, writer to ;.the signet, has been elected Lord Provost of Edinburgh, in the room of Mr. M'Laren, whose tcrin has expired. ' ? Francis Forbes, the ' young man ' accused of murdering Ann Harvey, with whom he has' been intimate, at Cults in ? Aberdeenshire, has been tried before the High Court of Justiciary. - - The female was ,'fo.und dead on the road, apparently killed with a knife. .Witnesses were called to prove an alibi. The jury returned a verdict of 'Not proven.' ;. Great consternation has been caused at Ar- broath, by the failure,, of Messrs. Brown and Sons, tanners and curriers. The amouut is said to be £90,000. General Stewart, one of a party injured by a recent coach accident at Dunkirk, has expired. He was a general in the Austrian service, and claimed to be a lineal descendant of Prince Charles Edward Stuart. The High Court of Justiciary in Edinburgh has been engaged in trying a case of mobbing and rioting, which occurred at Airdrie races on the 4th of August. The accused were W. Hart, J. Mackrell, and M. Morgan. It appears that after the races the tents were allowed to keep open all night. About 5 o'clock next morning a disorderly crowd visited the various tents crying "for the face of an Orangeman," and abusing every Protestant, that could be found. The first victims, Ewart and.M'Intyre, were, left senseless from the injuries sustained ; W Murdoch had three ribs broken. Morgan called out several numbers, and the persons an- swering to the respective figures came forward and committed the assaults. One M'Culloch was knocked down and his skull so severely fractured that he died; his wife also was cruelly beaten. One of the rioters called out, ' A Protestant's death, or he would die.' F. Tonner, J . Milloy, and P. M'Cue were tried on a similar indictment. All were found guilty. Morgan was sentenced to 15 years' transporta- tion ; Mackrell to five years' penal servitude; Hart to 18 months' imprisonment ; the other to a years' imprisonment each, with hard labour. Professor Edward Forbes, the distinguished naturalist, has just died at Edinburgh, at the early age of 39. The Edinburgh subscriptions for the Patri- otic Fund have reached £10, 000. The recruiting in Scotland proceeds briskly; the recruiting parties are getting from 50 to 60 recruits a-week. In Glasgow there were 120 in one week. and 100 in another ; and in Aberdeen, the 79th have got no less than 50. We observe (says , the Breechin Advertiser) from, Prince Menschikoff's report to the Em- peror that among the Russian officers who fell on the bloody field of Inkerman was General Alexander Ouchterlony, of the Imperial Guard, grandson of the late Mr. John Ouchterlony, of Montrose. The General, who had distin- guished himself in the Emperor's service, I visited Montrose some years ago, aud was much esteemed for his affability and intelli- gence. He leaves, we understand, two sons and a daughter. The Oueherlouy family are lineally descended from Prince Rupert ; and the General's grandfather was a son of Mr. Oucherlony, of Kintrockat; and his wife. Miss Young, of Aldbar. Upwards of fifty war-medal officers of the different services entertained the Duke of Rich- maud at dinner in Edinburgh last week, to tes- tify their thankfulness . for his services in pro- curing for regimental officers and men who served in the Peniusula the distinction of a war-medal. Major-General Geddes presided, and Rear Admiral M'ontgomerie acted as vice-, chairman. Seven persons were killed recently at the Bellfield Colliery. The men and coals are wound up and down upon an iron platform suspended by a chain to an iron rope. As seven men and boys were on this platform, pre- paring to go down the mine, and the prop's be- neath were removed, they felt a jerk as of something giving way, which made them im- mediately call out. Before they could get off, both platform and men fell to the bottom of the shaft, when all seven were instantaneously killed. On examination, it was found that one of the links had cracked, and opened so wide, as to slip from its fellow link. Owing to a fire caused by the heating of the beams under the fire-place of one of the bedchambers; the mansion of the Earl of Jersey narrowly escaped destruction. By the exertions of the establishment the fire, was con- fined to the floor, and rafters in the immediate neighbourhood of the fireplace, but -much da- mage was caused to the furniture, &c;, by the quantity of water it was thought necessary to throw down. A fire at Reading has caused the destruc- tion of property to a large amount. Com- mencing, at the warehouse 6f Mr. M'Pier, a coal-merchant, it communicated, to the ware- house of Mr. Samuel Biggs builder. The lead-works of Messrs. Clark, which contained property to the value of £3.000, also caught fire. The principal workshops of Mr. Biggs were consumed, and the damage done alto- gether is estimated at sevcral thousand pounds. / Tlie names of the new Metropolitan ' Com , mission of. Sewers liavo been published. .Tliey are — Mr. J ebb, the, chairman ; Mr. Hawes, Mr. Rcdhea,d; {uid Spencer ' Smith, mem bers of the late commission j Sir.' John' .Shelley, |,Dr. Sayer, ,and .Mcssrsiij .Pascal!, ? Offer, /Clial- mers, Thwaites, Evans, and Wade, nominateel liv thh rrim'fisp.ntn.tivris of- t.h'ft mhtrohnlitan^RoiW stituencies ; ' and MCssrsr Johnson,' Hodgson, Ward; ,and: Dr. Lewis, selected by the Home Oflicc'. . '-i-At-1 di^recbnt special1 court ' of Aldermen, Alderman' Sidney, gave, notice of . his intention to ask tlie Lord Mayor, to. call a special court to consider the following motion :—That a du tiful address be presented to her- Majesty, pray ing that she, will be graciously r pleased t'o remove from her 'councils the Right Honoura ble the Earl olVAbbrdecn, who is 110 longer entitled to public confidence as the first- Minis- ter of the Crown, and to place at the head of her , Adiniiiisti,'atipn a //constitutional adviser whose opinions arc iu- unison- with the^p.cpplo at this national s crisis. ?- Tlie general feeling seeped .to :be'| that; the Lord- ; Mayor should summon thaAlderincn to , consider the prelum ihary question,: whether they/ thought it desira ble: tliat- a special court should bo. called for such a grave purpose. - ? 1 Public oniriioh in Frahho.sfiems to bn ranifllv growing in favor of England. The Moniteur gives expression to a common sentiment, in re producing, with the warmest reciprocation of acknowledgements,; Lord Raglan's praise of the .Frcnch : troops. . Nor is this feeling con fined to official quarters.. All the jburna.ls ox cept the Assemblee Nationalc and the Union applaud the bearing 'of the 'English at Inker man. All the, parties except the', Orlcanists and Legitimists do the like. . / ... Several English officers, wounded at the Alma; lately passed through Paris, ? 'and ventured ' in undress ,, uniform', (their, only clothes) into the Tuileries'/ gardens.' With shattered bodios - and tarnished embroidery, they looked as: became :inen who had been fighting. for tlieir country. ' The people pressed round tliem in all, directions, /aiid ' c-a've most 1 hearty signs of their sympathy, 'desiring to shake them by their undamaged' hand, for most of them had .one. arm, in a sling. ' ' Voila des Anglais,' des blesses del' Alma,' was heard in. a 11 directions, .mingled. with words of good fellowship from the men, and of pity from the softer sex. One, old man, more practical than the rest, judging froin ;thc' condition of their uniforms, and theiruhonourable, scars tliat they must want money, offered to supply them with anything1 they required, and was quite-grieved that they had 110 occasion to avail themselves of liis generosity; / / . ' / ' '' ' Tlie Charivari contains a picture/of a High lander standing sentinel, at ' his post with, a prccipicc and the sea immediately at his back : a French. soldier and 'a Tartar peasant regard him from below. ' What folly,' ' says the Tartar,. ' to placo a sentry in such a position.' 'There is 110 ' danger,' replies the chasseur, ' Ces , soldats la ' lie, reculent'; jamais.' And this in the Charivari, written by some of the most consistent Republicans in France, and so long bitter against England and all connected with lier I ' ' . ? ? : 1 ? ? ' ., IRELAND. ; , '?/-. i Tlio Lord-Liciitcnarit mid tlio Countess St. Gormatii rcturued to Dublin, from Liverpool, on the IStli ult. /' ' ' 1 Mr. Arthur Lee Guinness,' of StUlorgan park, near Dublin, seems to have been victimised to the amount of.^2434 by means of a yery sliallow artificc. Mr. Guinness wished to dispose of his mansion ; Henry Meyers, a Jew, introduced himself as an acquaintance of Mr. Hailstone, an English l'ri'eiul of Mr. Guiniiess's. Meyers represented, that lie could obtain a purchaser for the house — General Perofl'sky, a Russian prince who had fled from St. Petersburg ; tho bait was taken; then Meyers said lie liad a number of articles of verl.11 which lie thought the general would buy, if properly, exhibited in Stillorgan-house. The upshot was, - that Mr'. Guinness not ', only consented to receive the articles, but, gave Meyers promissory notes re presenting their pretended valuo. They wore really worth only ^03. The ' Russian' gene- ral' did not appear. ; The Jew disappeared ; but .' lie lias been arrested at Greenwich, and taken to Dublin, James iEneas Preiulorgast, a young.man, lias been' arrested at Liverpobl, on a cliargo of niur doring Maurice' Prendergast at Clareiuorris. James intended to proceed to America in com pan}r witli Mary Connor, .an lvish girl; she also was arrested.1 James, wns cousin, to Maurice, and after the/ latter had' been; killed, his mur derer dismembered tlie body, cut olV the head, and sank the remains' iu a pond. In'his cabin were found evidences that .the butchery shad been perpetrated there — blood on tlie wall, and one joint of the vertebra) of a human neck, which fitted to tlie mutilated remains of Man- 1 rice.'' The yictiui was 'a careful man, and' had saved money . to emigrate ; James wiis' disso lute.,,; / . ? . Michael Butler, engineer ' 'at Dalkey -quiirry, has:.shown great presence of. mind in a dreadful emergency. Whilst engaged in attending to the machinery, his' foot slipped, iand lie fell forward .ou the cogs, his left arm being driven into the the teeth.; -Seeing the nature of ,1ns ^position, he threw himself backwards arid to one; side, to al low,' as lie said; his arm to be smashed off, but to save his life; whicli lib thus cflectcd. 5 The re mainder of the limb has been amputated, and the patient is going, 011 well. . 1 1? ftii rv ic T^rn^»o^^flino? XVltV^ cvvnnh Vifrnnv tlirongliout Ircl«'uul, and with lncrrcasm^ success, especially sincc- the departure of the Sisters of Charity for thc'East. This is , a .topic very, often referred- to at the meetings- .for the pro motion of. 1 the Patriotic Fund, and it lias always excited / 'the ; most lively sympa thy. Never, . in this country,' has there been greater unanimity, amongst all classes and d'enom inations, than in the efforts to swell the resources of: this .fund for tlie widows and /orphans, of our brave^soklicrs who; fall in, the war against Russia'. If, as has been- reported, the -Emperor of .Russia had calculated upon discontent in Ireland, I10 will be woefully disappointed. ' Another Irish member of Parliament, Mr. Wyndham Goold, one of the representatives of the county ;, of Limerick, died of npoplexy, while lie was preparing to sct out for : .Constantinople. ? The estates will dcsccnd to, the Ilcv. Frederick Goold. Archdeacon of Ranho'e',1 an elder' brother ofthc deceased gentleman, who was disinberitiid by his father, the, late Master Goold of the Court of Ohance'ry, after a marriage with Miss New come, the sister of the Countess of Eglington. ' A Mr. Thomas Mason Jones has been. expelled from the Cork Chamber of Commerce, for having expressed in'tlie Chamber a wish that the Russians might be victorious in the East. . ThOjiirst cargo of salt, the produce of an Irish miho,.' reqeiitly left Belfast for -llotterdam, in thb scrow-stcnmcr Oscar. ' . , ; GERMANY. _ ; The eternal exchange of ' notes ' between the German Powers as to the course which they ought or may adopt in reference, to Russia, to the. Western. Powers, and to ,011c another, are as rile and as puzzliiig as ever. f: Tlio Uurscniuitle . of .Hamburgh reports the sub siauce of tho last Austrian note 111 reply to the Prussian despatch of the 13th Outober.. i'lhe tone of ' this 'note -is conciliatory ;? ,- welcoming a hint that. thcris' exists no reld motive for a schism be tween Pnissia and Austria,* insisting tnat -ulterior , facts will prove Austria to, havC'bcen in tlie' iight, since she- sees in' the defeiisive/positiou- taken by Russia;only a, military measure;; and again asking for tlie support of Prussia under the treaty of the 20th April. ; ? ; The ? Prussian Chambers - were opened on the 30th nit. by the King ill person. The following arc 'tlie only important passages of ; the royal .speech:—'. r: ' 1 .' A /bloody , conflict has broken out.' between three/powerful members of the family of European states. Our fatherland is not yet affectcd :I have fresh. occasion to liope .that the basis of 'a' V.iKfl.nf nn/1urL4nnri;n» UimII CAnn K,.' Al, uuuuauimiiug ,uui owui., uu^o, tained. . Closely .uniled.iwith Austria and;the rest of Germany, 1 shall, continue, to, lo.ok upon it, (is iriy task to plead for peace,; tlio recognition of tlie'; independence of foreign states^ and moderation.' Should T subs'etJuently be compelled to add force, to this attitude; Prussia and' my -'faithful '-people will,, bear their inevitable burdeii's with resigna tion,. prid knoSv how to meet .such eventualities. The army shall' be made ready for war. . . ? : T. - --5_-V :-T.' '. SPAIN. ' ' /';/' j On tbe 21'st iilt., Esparterd announced to tlie. Cortes tliat' tliey were about to tender tlieir resighatio'iis to the Queen. ' -When, in accord ance with this a'nndunccuiieiit, 'tli'e ministers tendered their \ resignation to ' 'the '.Queen; hor - Majesty cxprossed' full, conlidenCe in tliem; and trusted- they ,, would :-coiitiuuo/ to act with hci'.. Until tlio Cortes .was constituted, tlie ministry' could not1' officially terminate ; ;but of , -course,/ resignations- so peremptorily made,, were ac-' cepted: Tho names of -tho. new ministry are— Espai-tcro,' President Of the Council; O'Dbn rieli; 'Minister' of War; Lux.uriaga,' Eoreigh Affairs ; Aguirre, , Justice ; Colliido, 'Finance; ; Allende, Marine'; Salanar, Interior; Santa Cruz, Public Works. ' The Cortes decided on the 80th ult, by. 200 to 21., ' that the throne of Queen Isabella and lier dynasty should form the basis' of tho political ediiicoin Spain.' , i The Spanish Government lias. given a reply to Lord ilowden's request that the slave-trade- shall: oc, made piracy oy land. 1 no uovcrnmenc de clines, 011 the ground that such a measure would excite discontent among the Cuban planters ; but full powers, liavo been given to Senor Jose Concha to stop the traffic in slaves. When he'was formerly Captain-General of Cuba, he honestly and effectually carried out the treaties. , BKLGIUM. , The legislative session of the Belgium .Cham bers was opened 011 the 7th ult., by King. Leopold in' person'., / The'. speech from the throne was of local interest only; but it spoke encouragingly, botli ofthc present aud the, future. ' . b 'Tl.o TtnlnSnn'Minfatn'r nf 111,. Intfimnr lifia !n. Lroducetl into the. Chamber- of Representatives ia bill authorising, the continued arid free importa tion of com, and prohibiting till the 15th of July next the exportation of potatoes and vegetables. DENMARK. : ..,.. : ,. /, i A Danish Ministry, .strongly tinged with Russian ideas, lias' been dismissed by the King Tlio liberals liavo everywhere boon ole'ct'edi arid the now; Ministry 'will bo taken exclusively from their ranks. ? . ' 1 i ? ROME. v J :/ i ; Upwards . of. , 150. Roman Ciitholio 'prelates,'1 from all parts of tho world, are now assembled in Homo/- to agreo upon the long. disputed , dog- ma relative to the ' Immaculate Conception of the Virgin.' Their decisititi is to bo mado pub lie,' with' every possible solomnity, 011 the 8th ofJanuary. ' , ....... 