' America. By the receipt of a file of California!! papers o the 4th . of J aiiumy," we (Herald) nre in'pqs-' session of, news, from that Pttc to the date n- mod, and from New York and other, parts of the American continent too. later date than our previous advices, direct. ' The p-resinentv Message. — 'Congress opened at ' Washington on the 3rd December. 'The San Francisco Herald lias the following 'notice of the President's Message: — "The 'Cuban question and the Sould difficulty are "dismissed in a 'few lines, while the 'Grey town ' affair forms the subject" of elaborate comment. The President undoubtedly makes a strong case, out of the Gre.vtown matter, and his version, if "properly sustained by proofs, will go'Far to vin- 'dicate Captain Hollins and the Administration. The injustice done by the Danish Government in levying tolls on American commerce in the Sound, is dwelt upon, while the Message con tains but brief and cursory allusion to the inie- rests of California. In his recommendations,' 'except as to ihe retrenchment of The artillery, 'there is little to condemn ; 'but what is must objectionable, is the unsatisfactory manner in which he disposes of . matters of grayest mo- : ment. The 'President echoes the just sentiments of the people of the Union in protesting against any interference on the part of Eoropeau Go vernments with the progressive policy of the United States; and on the question of the rights of neutrals, and on the system of priva- teering, none will question his orthodoxy. The opening of Japan, one of the most important ' commercial and political events of the century, occupies hut six lines. The fishery treaty, the claims of the Hudson's Bay Company in Wash ington territory, the navigation of the Amazon and that of the I. a Plata, are presented as mat ters for the action of Congress. One sugges tion of the Message wiil receive, we .have no doubt, the hearty commendation of the whole country. We allude'to the appeal to-Congress for an increase' of the military and naval'- forces of the United States, and an augmentation of officers' pay! The recent massacres on the northern emigrants' trail, and the utter inability of the present military force to repress Indian depredations, are adduced in support of tho recommendation for the organization of .four additional regiments — two of infantry and two of cavalry. A- retired list for disabled and su perannuated officers, proposed by .v'r. Bancroft in 1 S46, is now -urged with inuc'n force ; and it is earnestly-and truthfully impressed upon Con gress that the pay of officers is inadequate to their support. The Post Office department is alluded to, and the President concludes the bu- siness of'his Message with an argument against the impolicy of donating public lands' for rail road purposes. To the above outline we may add a few pas sages from the Message relative to the war, and "to the irierea-ing number of shipwrecks of American vessels : — " Although our atte- tion has been arrested by painiul interest in passing events, yet o.ur country feels no more than the slight vibra- tions of the convulsions which have shaken Europe. - As individuals, we cannot repress syuipa-hy with human calamity, nor regret' for the causes which produce it. As a nation, we are -reminded that, whutever interrupts the peace or checks the prosperity of any part of ' Christendom, tends, mere or, less, to involve our own. The" condition of s'atcs is not unlike that of individuals. They are mutually depen dent upon each other. Amicable relat ons bc- tweeu them, and reciprocal good- will, are essential for the promotion of whatever is de sirable in their moral, social, and political con diticn. Hence it has been my earnest endeavor to maintain peace and friendly intercourse with -all naiions. "The proposition to enter into engagements to forego resort to privateers, in case this coun try should be forced into war with a great na val power, is not entitled to more favourable consideration than would be a proposition to agree not to accept the services of volunteers for operations on land. When the honor or 'the riglrts of our country require it to a-sume a hostile attitude, it confidently relies upon the patriotism of its citizens, not ordinarily devoted to the military, profession, to augment the army and the navy so as to make them fully adequate to the emergency which calls them into action. 'Tl:o proposal to surrender the right to -employ privateers is professedly founded upon the prin ciple that private property of unoffending non- combatants. though enemies, should be exempt from the ravages of war ; but the proposed surrender: goes but a little way in carrying out that principle, which equally requies that such private property should not be seized or mo lested by national ships of war. Should the leading powers of Europe concur in proposing, as a mle of international law, to exempt private property upon the ocean from seizure by pnblic armed cruisers, as well as by privateers, the United States will readily meet them upon that broad ground. "The occurrences, during the last few -.months, of marine disasters of the most tragic nature, involving great loss of human life, has j. produced intense emotions of sympathy and sor- crow throughout the country. . It mny well be doubted whether all these calamitous events .are wholly attributable to the necessary and . inevitable dangers of the sea. The merchants, mariner'', and . builders of the United Slates are, it is true, unsurpassed in fur reaching en terprise, skill, intelligence, and courage, by any others in the world. But, with the increasing amount of our commercial tonnage in the ag- . gregate, and the'larger size and improved equip- i ment of tlie ships now cnnst>ucte'i, a deficiency in the supply of reliable seamen begins to be very seriously felt. The inconvenience may, perhaps, be met in part by due >egulatiou for the introduction into our merchant ships of in dented apprentices;, which, while it would afford useful and eligible occupation to nume rous young . men, would have a -tendency to raise the character of a clnss. And -it is de serving of serious reflection, whether it may not be desirable to revise the existing laws for . the maintenance of discipline at sea, upon which Mhe security of life and property on the ocean must to so great an extent depend. Although much attention has nlrendy been given by Con- ,-gress to the proper construction and arrange ment of ste-un yessels and all passenger ships, still it is believed that , the achievements of science 'and mechanical skill in this direction have nut I een exhausted. No good reason exists for t he'rnn'rked distinction which appears upon oar st atutes 'between the laws for' the pro tecting life aud property at sea. and those for protecting them on land. Inmanyof the States severe penalties are pcovided to punish conduc tors of trains, engineersLand others employed : in the transportation of persons by railway, or .by steamboats on livers. < Why should not the same principle be applied to act? of insubordi nation, co war lice, or other misconduct on the part of mariners, producing injury or death to passengers on the high seas, beyond the juris- ,d lotion of any of the States, and where such ' delinquencies can be reached only by the power of Congress ? . The whole subject is earnestly commended to your consideration. I The Trb vsuiib on the Yankee Blade.— The schooner Pilgrim, Captain Philips, 8 days from Point Aquilla, arrived at San Francistv January 1st, with two ; boxes of treasure, amounting to 34,000 dollars, from the wreck of ihe steamer Yankee 'Blade. The Pilgrim was in company with the pilot boat Dancing Feather, the captain of which reported that he had recovered .two: boxes of the lost treasure- It came on- 'to blow heavy when both vessels lift the wreck. More Annexation. — " Welenrn from good authority," says the Panama Star, " that a treaty has been made between the United States and Ecuador, by which -the latter -cedes her sovereignty over the Galapagos group to the United States fur 'the -sum of three millions of dollars. In. making this important announce ment, which we have every reason to hclieve correct, we are unable to give farther particu lars, but no doubt 'the matter will he imme diately brought before Congress for -its saner tion, and the Galapagos may yet become United States territory before the Sandwich Islands. It is said that rich deposits of guano, of good quality, have 'been -discovered on the islands, which, if true, will prove of great value to the agricultural interests of the States, and justify the expend, tare of such a'large sum of -the pub lic money." Ton icco. — We noticed a few days ago, says the Mariposa Chronicle, a small bale of tobacco in the sti-re of Messrs. Uimund and Co., which was raised by Thomas Barley, Esq., on his ranch on 'the : Chowchilla, about eight miles from this place. It is of fair quality, and affords additional evidence that, by proper attention, many of "the most valuable staples -can be cul tivated with success, even in the mountains of California. , Occupation or the Interior. — The San Francisco Herald predicts "that, unless popula tion be tempted to settle in and cultivate the rural districts of the State, California will be obliged to retrograde, from the want of a -turdy, thrifty, and industrious population, who will engage in agriculiural pursuits, and help to devel.ipe our vast resources. Our cities have outgrown themselves, and ihere must be acon- tinual depression until our interior population is sufficiently numerous to sustain the trade of our merchants." Fires -in Fan Francisco. — The Herald publishes a table showing the number of fires, together with the total value of property de stroyed by fire, in San Francisco during the year 1854. I here were sixty- two .fires— ave raging a fraction over five for each month — de-troying property amounting in the aggregate to three hundred-and eighty-six thousand eight hundred and ninety-five do lars. Progress of San Fkancisco. — The Ilcrald has a return of the number and value of the brick and other buildings now completed in the city, which shows a total of 638 buildings, of the value of 13,618,750 dollars. The same paper states : — " A large amount of capital invested in improvements of this character is owned by foreigners. The new Merchants' Exchange building is the property of Jardine. Mathesou, and Co., of China, a well-known English firm. It cost 100,000 dollars, and is one of many instances of confidence in our prosperity exhibited by capitalists abroad." Sandwich Islands. — By private advices, received tiy tho Vaquero, which arrived last evening (January 2nd) from the Sandwich Islands, we are informed that the old Kamelia- meha HI. lies at the point of -death, and that but faint hopes are enter ained of his recovery, and also that Prince Liholiho. who, from the very inception of the plan of annexation, stood out against it, and did all in his power to de feat it, has at last bi en induced to sign the treaty of cessi m, which was probably brought here by the Vaquero, and will be despatched by the steamer of Monday to W-isliington. Our information on this point is authentic. It was signed on the 13th instant, and its con summation now rests altogether with the au thorities at Washington. The. terms upon which the present dynasty propose to surrender the sovereignty of the islmds to the Ui-ited States have not as j et transpired, but it is probable that annuities to the principal members of the royal family will be all that will be asked, and those cannot be very exorbitant, as the revenues they derive at present from the Islands ore by no means 1-irge. — California Paper. Destructive Storm. — We have (says the Herald) to chronicle tho occurrence cf a storm, which, for severity, and tho destruction of pro perty in this city, is the most remarkable on record. It commenced on Saturday morning, Dec. 30, with showers from the south east, and continued raining with light squalls of wind from the same quarter till midnight of Sund iy, 31st. at which time the wind began to assume the force of a gale, and before the' new year had fairly opened upon the world, a regular hurricane swept, over the city. Frame build ngs were overturned, roofs of houses were torn from the rafters, sides, awning, and every portable object presenting a surface to the wind, were hurled intu the air. Metal roofing was rolled up like paper, and in some instances carried by the wind to incredible distances. iVInny small tenemeuts were leveled with the ground, crea- ing scenes of indescribable terror and confu sion. Between the hours of three and four o'clock a.m. < n Monday, the heart of the gale seemed to br.ak, and towards day tho wind considerably abated. The storm continued du ring.&U; of Monday, with heavy showers of rain and strong puffs, of wind, until midnight, when it became quite calm. Russian Deserters. — A number of seamen belonging to the Russian American Fur Co.'s ship Nicholas 1st, which vessel arrived in. San Francisco on the 2nd of January, deserted from the vessel on the afternoon of the same day, and shipped on board the British ship Corona tion, and went to sea in -her next day. A boat from shore was sent in pursuit of the deserters, but was unable to overtake them. Remains of Sir John Franklin.— Intel-, ligence has been received from Lake Superior, said to be derived from a reliable source, that Dr. Kaue's party, of the brig Advance, sent out by Mr.'Grinnell, has discovered the bodies of Sir John Franklin and "his companions. They were completely frozen, and in a perfect state of preservation. Although Dr Rae-hns anti cipated our indefatigable countryman in solving the problem as to the fate of the gallant Sir John, yet the honor duo to his services in the cause of humanity, is nothing less. In another part of the paper wherein the above appears, it is stated that no reliable authent;cation of the alleged discovery has come to hand. Disasters.— About the 4th of December, New York was visited by a heavy snow storm. At Rbchester, suovy tell to the depth of thirty inches in one day. .The severity of the storm effected a serious check to businesss. On the Lakes, a number of vessels were wrecked, in some instances attended with loss of life. A collision occurred on the Albany and Buffalo Railroad on the morning of 4th December, owing 'to the snow falling so thickly as to ob struct the view. On the same date tho passage of the N, Y. and Erie Railroad was obstructed on account of the snow lying at the depth of tvr» and a half feet upon the tracks. Venezuela. — This South American Govern ment is anxious for a foreign immigration. The territory of Venezuela is more than four hun dred thousand square miles, of which but about five thousand square miles ore cultivated. For the purpose of- attracting population, the Go vernment offers every man who settles upon the public lands, a fee simple title to one-third more than he has-iii cultivation the second year. It also gives the head of every family arriving for the purpose of settlement, twenty-five dol - lars for" himself, twenty-five dollars for each member of his family over-seven years old, ten dollars for each member "under seven years, and a deduction of ten per cent, off the duties on all the merchandise such family may bring with them, whether the same be for their own con sumption or for sale. The population of Vene zuela is about a million and a half, and it has a rich soil, fine climate, and multitudinous pro ductions : coffee, sugar, cocoa, cotton, wheat, corn, and all the cereals, all the vegetables; and all the fruits, tropical and extra- tropical, ac- coiding'to latitude and elevation ; and last, not least, a friendly, and, naturally, a peaceable people. Wreck of a Whale Ship. — Mr; Meek, who arrived here in the Equator, from Manila,- famishes us with"-the following account of the wreck of the whale ship Canton, 1st, of New Bedford, A. J. Wing, master. The ship sailed, from Tahiti for the Marian and Sandwich Islands. On the night of March 5th. at 12.45 a.m., she .-struck on a sand- bank, in latitude 2 degrees 48 minutes south, longitude 173 deaf. 38" minutes west. The sea was very high at the time, and every wave made a clean breach over her. No land was visible. The crew managed to cling to the wreck daring the gloomy hours of night, and at daylight contrived, by the aid of one of -the boats; and a line -carried to the desert sand island on wlii- h they struck, to reach the shore in safety, hut almost worn out by -their sufferings.- There was no water or vegetation on the island, and starvation stared thera in the face. On the 6th the stern of the ship was broken up by the sea, and, for tunately, nineteen casks of water Boated ashore and were secured. The same day the crew succeeded in saving three more of the boats, and, by the assistance of no expert Kanaka swimmer, were enabled to communicate through the rough sea with -the wreck, from which they saved a quantity of bread and otl>cr provisions. Shortly after, the ship went to; pieces, and her cargo of 1-200 barrels of oil was lost. The officers and men, consisting of 28 persons, remained upon the island until the 31st of March, when, finding their supplies getting short, and no prospect of relief, with a linger ing and horrible death awaiting them if they remained where they were nny longer, they pat to sea in their open boats, and after forty-nine days of extreme hardship and destitution, being reduced to half a biscuit a day to each man, they arrived safely at Guam, one of the Marian Islands, belonging to Spain, where every kind ness was extended to them by the Governor. Here they remained for some time, until the arrival of a whaler, when the second and. third mates and four of the crew shipped on board of her. Captain Wing and the first officer took passage in a Swedish brig for Hong Kong. Mr. Meek and four others went in a Spanish vessel to Manila, and fifteen of the crew still remained at Guam.— San Francisco Herald, Jauuary I. Monster Lump or Gold in San Fhaxcisco — We chronicled yesterday (says the Sail Fran cisco Herald, December 1) the finding of an im mense lump of quartz gold in Calaveras cuuniy, weighing 161 pounds, or 2570 ounces avoirdupois. Estimating it to com; in 20 pi undi of quirtz rock, which is u targe allowance, in the opinion of ex pcrienced persons who examined it, the actual weight of the gold in it will be Hi pounds, or 2256 ounces avoiidnpois; the value of which, at 17 dollars 25 cents, per ounce, would be 88:9 1G doilars. This is the largest nuggrt of pure gold ever found in California, or in the world. It was brought down to this cily yes'erday, by Adams and Do , and will be shipped to the Atlantic States in the steamer of to-day. The proprietors of it wi re so excited by their good luck that they sat besido their treasure night, and day on its way here. Mr. Perkins, one of the company to whom it belongs, states that it was taken out in Calave ras county, cn Wednesday evening, November 22nd, just as ihe company were quitting work for the day : he could not give any particulars in re gard to where the claim is located, except that it is in the county above named. The company con sists of four Americans and one Swiss. Mr. Per kins belongs to Lexington, Kentucky, and for the past two years, although he has labored hard, was very unsuccessful, nrver having more than 200 dollars at any one time during that period. The length of this immense mass is about fifteen inches, and its width from -five and one- half to six inches. As one side is extremely irregular and uneven in its formution, it is difficult to, arrive at the exact thickness, but it will probably averoge four inches. The other side is almost flat, and presents a' solid rtJBS3 of pure gold ; the only quartz' perceivable, is on the upper or rugged side, ul(I some pieces are so loosely imbedded in' the precious metal that, with the aid of a pointed instrument, they might be easily removed. The whole mass, at soms pe riod, lias apparently been in a fused state. This monster nugget ought to be tent to the Paris Ex- hijition, as a specimen of California production. It would give all Europe a wonderful idea of the wealth of our state.; 