SYDNEY NEWS. SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (Abridged from the Herald and Empire.) ARRIVALS. January 4.-Experiment, Swedish brig, 150 tons, Cap- tain B. A. Carlton, from Talcahuano, September 30. Passenger-Captain T. Robinson. 4.-Tory, barque, 483 tons, Captain Livingstone, from Port Cooper December l8. Passengers-Messrs. Anderson and Dines. 4.-Star, barque, 183 tons. Captain Fairclough, from South Sea Islands, November 29. Passenger-1 in the steerage. 6\. - Ebba Brahe, ship, 1700 tons, Captain Davidson, from Plymouth October 14, with 392½ adult emi- grants. 6.-Mandarin, American ship, 776 tons, Captain Perit, from Richmond, Virginia, September 15, Mel- bourne 30th ultimo. Passengers-Mrs. Perit and Mr. Anthon. ' C-Lizzio Webber, brig, 235 tons, Captain M'Kinlay, from Launceston. ' 6.-City of Sydney (s,), J.jO tons, Captain R, T. Moodie, from Melbourne the 3rd instant, with 111 pas. sengere. 7.-Boomerang (s.S.), 400 tons, Captain H. O'Reilly, from Moreton Bay the 5th instant, with 32 passengers, DEPARTURES. January 4.-Emma, for Hobart Town, 5.-Lodewyk Antouie, for Akyab. 5.-New Forest, for Melbourne. 6.-Tasmania (s.), for Hobart Town. 6.-Samson (s.), for Melbourne. C-Hellespont (s.), for Melbourne, 6.-Gazelle, for Otago. 6.-Burnett, for Wide Bay. 7.-Thomas and Henry, for Otago. 7.-James Gibson, for Wellington. ARRIVALS OF COASTERS. January 4.-Caroline and Ellen, from Newcastle, with 1400 bushels maize, 920 bushels wheat, 170 bushels barley, 26 trusses hay; Tamar (s.), from Morpeth, with 60 bales wool, 45 trusses hay, 30 bags grain and sun- dries. 5.-Agnes Napier, Adolphus, and Polly Hopkins, from Newcastle, with 220 tons coal, 408 bags flour, 100 bags wheat, 100 bags maize, 24 bales hay,.40 hides, 2 casks tallow, 1500 spokes; William, from Port Macquarie, with 50 casks beef, 10 bales wool, 800 bushels maize, 6000 feet boards, 23 boat knees; Henry, from Morpeth, with 20 tons coal, 200 bushels grain, 50 tons hay; Illa- long (a.), from Morpeth, with 76 bales wool, l8 bags onions, half ton potatoes, 10 cases pears, 8 cases eggs, 12 crates fowls, 1 horse, and sundries. The Ebba Brahe, which arrived from Plymouth on Saturday last, has made a splendid passage of 83 days from that port. Captain Davison has kindly furnished us with papers to October 14. The Ebba Brahe has brought to this port 392 1/2 government immigrants, classed as follows:-42 married couples, 163 single women, 106 single men, and 68 children. Notwith- standing the excellent passage this vessel has made, there has been a great deal of sickness on board, and the following diseases broke out, viz. :-Cholera, mea- sles, hooping cough, and chicken pock. There has been seventeen deaths occasioned principally from cholera, and three births on board during the voyage. The greater portion of the immigrants are Irish, and princi- pally agricultural labourers. There are, however, a few English miners on board. The vessel has been placed in quarantine for a few days, in consequence of there being a few cases of meazles still on board.-Jan. 8. Newcastle.-Departure.-Jan. 6.-Gazelle, brig, 153 tons, Captain Farkin, for Melbourne, with 244 tons coal. The Bomerang, steamer, has made an unprecedented passage of 46} hours from Moreton Bay to Sydney Heads. The William Miskin, steamer, got «ground going up the river Mary, to Maryborough, December 24, and was not afloat up to the lattst advices from that port. The brig Sporting Ijus was engaged early in the week, and went down the river to bring up the immi- grants from the General Hewitt, but the rough weather has prevented her from lying alongside. The passengers have thus been detained on board & week longer Ulan they had a right to expect, and many persons from the bush have been detained at considerable expense in town expecting that the people would be ready for hiring on Tuesday last, as announced on authority. The steamer City of Melbourne was ultimately engaged for the servies, and yesterday afternoon brought the whole of the immigrants, who were lodged in the depot. The baggage and cargo will be brought up from the ship by the Sporting Lass, which is expected to arrive to-day. Moreton Bay Courier, Deo. 23. Melbourne-Arrivals.-December 30. Governor and Asia, from London; Marion Moore, from Liverpool; Belle of the West, and Onderkirk from London; Faya way, from Fewcastle; Tudor, from Southampton; Evening Star, from Jersey; Fulwood, from Liverpool. 31.-Lady Octavia, from Greenock; Pluto (a.), from Liverpool; Indemnity, from London; Wild Wave, from Guernsey; Ann, from Dundee. January 1.-New World, from San Francisco; 2. Ornell, from London; Fame, from Newcastle; Carntyne, from Liverpool; Union, from Bonrdeaux; John Mitchell, from Leith. Tra Steamer Grafton.-This fin* little iron steamer was lying off Birkenhead last night. She goes out to Australia under sail as a briir, her paddle floats being taken off and her chimney unshipped. She takes pas- sengers, who have, what is always an advantage, a sin- gle deck. We hope the time is not distant when all emigrant ships will either be single-decked, or that they will appropriate the lower decks to their legiti- mate purpose, cargo.-Liverpool Courier, Oct. 11. A Frenchman, named Balecque, made an attack upon the cook on board the New World from San Francisco, and wounded him severely with a knife. After he had committed the assault, Balecque deliber- ately stabbed himself two or three times with the same weapon, and died almost instantly. A quarrel had taken place between them, when the Frenchman drew his weapon and attacked the other mau. whose name is Westmoreland. We presume the facts will be pro perly represented by the captain to the consol ut Mel- bourne. One passenger, named Edgar, had died of consumption.-Argus, Jan. 2. Collision at Sea.-The Champion steamer, hence to Portland, hove in sight yesterday afternoon, having in tow a dismantled vessel, which at first sight was supposed to be the wreck of the steamer Young Aus- tralian, but turned out to be the steamer Melbourne, from Port Elliott, bound to Port Adelaide. Captain Helpman, of the steamship Champion, reports that on the 20th instant, at midnight, whilst beating down Backstairs Passage (at the time it was blowing very hard) we sighted a vessel ahead coming down before the wind on the starboard bow. The Champion put her helm to starboard, when the Melbourne put her helm immediately to port, which enabled the Champion to make her out to be a steamer; she imme- diately reversed her engines, but at the same time running into the Melbourne abaft her port paddlebox, carrying away her funnel, and quite disabling her. At this time it was quite dark; in fitct the Champion had burnt blue lights for some time. The position of the Melbourne being discovered about two hours after the accident, a hawser was made fast to the disabled ves- sel, and having been taken in tow by the Champion, she was brought in. The Champion has received damage to the extent of £100, all the injuries being above water.-5. A. Register, Dec. 22. Ora Australian Tbade.-Mr. Joseph Whittakers monthly shipping circular states that the current rates of freight are 50s. to 55s. to Melbourne, and Sydney 60s. to 65s., to Adelaide 70s. to 75s., to Geelong and 70s. to 80s. to Melbourne wharf. The number of vessels laid on at this port for Australia, to sail this month, is 37 ships, of an aggregate burthen of 31,022 tons. During September, 14 vessels with an aggregate burden of 11,221 tons left here for Australia, of which 10 were for Melbourne, and one each for Sydney, Adelaide, Port Phillip and Geelong. The total number of vessels which had left for Australian ports in the half-year ending 30th June, was 104, of 95,286 aggregate tonnage and conveying 23,203 passengers. The last quarter shows a decline in the departures of four ships, and 2100 passengers on the preceding quarter.-Liverpool Journal, Oct. 7. A Warning.-In the money articles of the Times of the 16th October, we find the following notice:-" The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company have issued a circular stating that direct communication with China by their steamers on the 20th of the month is, for the present, discontinued." TnE missing City of Glasgow, Steamer.-The New York Herald says-At last, after months of painful suspense, indications of the probable fate of the steam- ship City of Glasgow, and of the hundreds of unfortu- nate beings who embarked in her, have come to light. Captain M'Leary, of the barque Mary Morris, from Glasgow, arrived here yesterday, and reports that on the 18th August, in lat. 53-26, Ion. 16*07, weather very thick at tho time, and a heavy sea on, he fell in with the hull of a large iron vessel, apparently Clyde-built, painted black, wi)h a bright red bottom. There were three or four compartments in the hull, and all the wood work was entirely burnt out of her. Some of the men who were sent aloft to look into her, perceived she had machinery in her. On the next day Capt. M'Leary fell in with, and took on board, a full-length female figure-head, about seven feet in height, with het hands extended, and a wreath upon her head, and green stripes in her dress. The figure can bo seen on board the Mary Morris, at the foot of Pine-street. It was the impression of all on board the barque thut the wreck was that of an iron propeller, supposed the City of Glasgow. From the circumstance that no other iron vessel has been reported lost, except the steamer Helen Sloman, some three years back, appearances favour the belief that the wreck was that of the City of Glasgow, and that the fate of the poor souls on board, though ' different from that hitherto supposed, wsb the most awful than can occur among, the many disasters inci- dental to the ocean. Though tbe proofs are but small" to identify the wreck as that of die City of Glasgow, the weather being too unfavourable to make a thorough examination, still enough may bave been seen to guide those to a decision who were acquainted with the un- fortunate vessel. Our Philadelphia correspondent tele- graphs that the City of Glasgow had no such figure, head as that picked up by the Mary Morris. We think he is mistaken. She had such an ornament when she left this port, but it may have been taken off. She had, however, a red bottom. The figure-head may have be- longed to some other vessel, ENGLISH SHIPPING NEWS. The Golconda sailed from Liverpool for Melbourne on the 15th of October, and on the same day the Wil- liam Miles for Moreton Bay. The Bernici» sailed from Gravesend for Hobart Town on the 14th October. The Telegraph, from London for Adelaide, passed Deal on the 14th October. Liverpool, Sonoat.-The clipper ship Red Jacket, Captain Reid, arrived in the river this morning, Octo- ber 15th, with advices from Melbourne to the 1st of August, having accomplished the trip home in seventy three and a half days, notwithstanding her having lost some time in the ice. It is the quickest passage on record. She made the ran out from the Rock Light to the auchorage at Melbourne in sixty-nine and a half days, and has completed the voyage out and home in five months and eleven days-this being the most extraordinary performance ever recorded.»Times, Oc- tober 16. Tamar, from Sydney, arrived in the Downs on the 14th October, and William Miles, with emigrants for Moreton Bay, sailed same day. SHIPWRECKS IN THE CHINA SEAS. Tue Hiram.-In addition to the wreck of the Thomaw Chadwick on tbe Pratas, we have to report the loss of the Danish brig Hiram, Captain Scbrader, which left Shanghae on 1st October for Australia, with a full cargo of tea and silks, and was fallen in with in the China Sea by the Lord Warriston and Good Success. Her mainmast was gone, and the cap of her foremast The little raised poop seemed to have been torn from its fastenings by the force of the wind, and the wood of her bowsprit was twisted in a most extraordinary man- ner. Her boats were gone, and she seemed to be entirely deserted. Both vessels sailed round her two or three times.-A large barque is reported to be ou shore about fiity miles down the West Coast. The Eliza Anna, which left this for Amoy on the 25th Sep- tember, put back last night; and the Boyne, from Bom- bay, has suffered severely in spars, bul« arks, and tigging. The Eliza has likewise arrived in the harbour dismasted, in tow of two China boats. She had been on the Fratás, but was fortunate enough to escape. The Thomas Chadwick.-The P. and O. Company's steamer Canton returned from the Pratas Shoal on the 15th instant, with the passengers and remainder of the crew of the Thomas Chadwick, but nothing had been seen of the unfortunate captain and boat's crew of the Beliza. The Marianne.-The barque Marianne, of Mel- bourne, Captain Francis, which left Whampoa for Amoy on the 1st instant, with a cargo of cotton, was totally wrecked, during a severe typhoon on the 6th instant, on on island about seventy miles to the south- west of Maeno. The captain, mate, and 11 Malays reached Macao in a China boat, but ten Malays were unfortunately drowned. Captain Francis and the sur- vivors of the crew arrived' here yesterday from Macao in the Spark. _ MEfcAHCHOMr Occubbexcb.-On the evening of Sunday last a scene of a very distressing nature, and one which has created a very painful feeling among our small community, occurred at South Brisbane. Be- tween nine and ten o'clock of the night above men- tioned, according to the information we have received, but various versions of the occurrence are abroad, Mr. Daniel Peterson, in a fit of madness, as we are con- strained to believe, brought on by habits of intemper. ance, fired a loaded pistol ot Mrs. Peterson, mid after- wards cut his own throat with a razor. The pistol discharged at Mrs. Peterson was loaded with hall; but most providentially, although, oeuasiomug a very deep and painful wound, the shot did not take effect ona vital part, otherwiso it is probablo we should have had to record a tragedy of a most frightlul kind. Im- mediately after the tad occurrence an alarm wat given, and assistance was promptly rendered, by which Mr. Peterson was immediately disarmed «ma prevented from inflicting any further injury on himself or others. The services of Dr. Cannan were soon ob- tained, and everything «ras done for the unhappy man which the nature of bit oase admitted of, bat accord- ing to the information which we received last night it ia very doubtful indeed whether he will recover from tbe effects of his self-inflicted wound. Mrs. Peterson, it is satisfactory to hear, is in no apparent danger from the injury she baa received, but of courte she has suffered much from fright and excitement It is a mercy that she was not deprived of existence on the spot by the mad act of her husband.-Moreton Bay Free Press. Jan. 2. The Tunotr.-The Christmas and New Tear holidays have in some measure rendered things dull on tbe Turon. Fortunately for tbe Turon miners, but alas, otherwise for the farmer*, the season is unusually dry and severe; the water in the river is rapidly disappear- ing, and the advantages which, naturally follow for the working of the river bed have been unprecedented in our auriferous history. . Yet, strange to say, but few of tbe diggers are embracing the splendid opportunities now offered them of testing the richness of their claims. The claims at Erskine Point are not yielding so well as formerly; a few of them, however, continue to give tole« rably good returns, after the necessary expense* are liquidated. The Messrs. Eaton, at Paterson Point, hare discharged most of their men, the quantity of gold they were obtaining being by no means proportionate to their expenses. At Wattle Flatan American party have applied foran acre of land somewhere near Solitary Creek. They intend to construct a large dam sufficient to contain water for three or four months for digging purposes, and also to erect a puddling machine on the Bendigo principle, from which locality some of them have just arrived. Our late P.M., Mr. Dalyell, has left. On Friday, the 29th, lie was presented with au address and a gold watch valued at thirty guineas. A dinner was also given ou the same evening to the "Officers leaving the Turon."-Correspondent of Bathurst Free Press. Death of a Civilized Aboriginal.—We have recently heard of the death of an aboriginal native, whose history is so remarkably distinct from the usual career of his countrymen that it deserves to be briefly recorded. The aboriginal alluded to was generally known by the name of "Young Bungaree." He was a native of Namoi, and about twenty years ago was taken into the service of the late Mr. Stephen Coxen, with whom and his brother, Mr. Charles Coxen, now of Brisbane, Bungaree remained for about thirteen years. He was educated at the cost of Messrs. Coxen, and was for a long time under the tuition of the Rev. Henry Carmichael, at the Normal Institution, in Syd- ney, where he evinced much capacity, and gained the prize at one of the examinations for his proficiency in geography. After leaving Mr. Coxen's service, Bun- garee lived for some time with other gentlemen, usually in the capacity of shepherd, and ultimately joined the native police force as a corporal. He was employed as storekeeper, and kept the accounts of the station to which he was attached, in the Port Curtis district. He died a few weeks ago, very much regretted by all who knew him, and who had become attached to him in consequence of his intelligence and amiable disposi- tion. The case of this native at all events proves that if the blacks of Australia are incapable of civilisation, that rule, like othere, is not without exception. He never evinced the slightest desire to return to savage life, but when, owing to those commercial disasters which a few years back so much disarranged the affairs of this colony, It became necessary that he should fall back upon his own resources, be at once betook himself to the ordinary industrial pursuits of a working man, and sought employment wherever he could find it. His death should not pass without a record, and the history of his life should stimulate other colonists to follow the worthy example of Messrs. Coxen whenever an opportunity offers.—M. B. Courier, Dec. 23. Brisbane.—The Weather, &c.;—For the last two or three weeks all classes of the community have been anxiously looking for a fall of rain. Within the above period several slight showers hare fallen, but they were quite insufficient to penetrate to the roots of plants, and as they were invariably followed by dry winds and fierce sunshine, they had not oven a transitory good effect. The feed in the bush is very much burned up, and both gardens and orchards are of course suffering severely. The arid state of the bush pasturage ad- joining the town is shown by the deteriorated quality of the butcher's meat, especially of the mutton, which, so far as freedom from fat is concerned, might well rank with venison or kangaroo flesh. The season seems to have been unpropttious to the growth of fruits and vegetables, as very small supplies of either continue to be brought to town. Another misfortune arising from the dry weather is, that the water in the public reser- voir is getting low, and the lower it gets, its quality, never, under the most favourable circumstances, very choice, becomes of course proportlonably deteriorated. We learn that on the 24th and 25th ultimo a good deal of rain fell on the table land of New England, extend- ing to Warwick, and filling the water holes and creeks. On the Downs, on the other hand, we hear that little rain has fallen for the last six months. The feed is consequently very much burned up, and stock of all kinds are suffering considerably.—Moreton Bay Free Press, Jan. 2. The School of Arts.—Mr. Joseph Dyer, who has for some time past been connected with the literary de- partment of our daily contemporary, has been elected to the office of secretary of this institution, in place of Mr. Mansfield.—Herald, Jan. 8. The Immigrants.—The great demand for labour has been strikingly shown this week by the rapid hiring of the immigrants per General Hewitt. Three hundred and eighty-one, including children, were landed on yesterday week, and in addition to those, there were left several in the depot by former ships, and who were not easily got rid of. But yesterday there only re- mained seventy adults altogether in the barracks, and many of them are hired. The rate of wages have been, for married couples, £50; shepherds, £28 to £35 ; the femaio servants £20 a year.-Moreton Bay Free Press, Dee. 30. Reduced Pat of the City Police.—A great number of the men belonging to the above force have tendered their resignations, in consequence of a reduction having been made in the amount of their pay, and others have expressed their intention of following the same example, if the reduction is persisted in. The wages, when re- duced, stands thus: for inspectors, 10s. per day; for sergeants, 8s. per day; and for ordinary constables 6s. per day. A reduction is also made in the pay of those otherwise engaged. Great dissatisfaction seems to pre- vail, the men urging that their pay is wholly insufficient to maintain themselves and their families.—Herald, Jan. 8. Death.—On Saturday, a poor cripple upon crutches landed ou the A.S.N. Company's Wharf from the Col- laroy (s.), having been kindly granted a passage from Newcastle. He told the watchman on the wharf he had been formerly in the employ of Mr. Cohen (an officer of the company), and requested permission to sleep on a wool bale in the shed. He was carried thither by the watchman and some others, and seems to have remained there totally forgotten. Last night, as the watchman was making his rounds, he discovered the unfortunate man lying outstretched, dead. He has an appearance of great destitution, and doubtless died from exhaus- tion.—Empire, Jan. 8. A Turon Noqoet.—About twelve days ago a nugget of gold weighing 23 ozs. 15 dwts, was dug up near Jo- seph Willett's stock-yard, Lower crossing Place, Tu'°« River. The nugget is now in Willett'« po*s«»*ton,who declares his determination to retain ita« a family heir- loom for future generations of the Willett*, and we are assured by him in the most eiwaatic terms that Nug- getty Creek bears in its b<*°T lots of nuggets which never yet saw daylight-« »act we are by no means pre- pared to dispute.-BW*«»*»* Fre* Press, Jan. 6. CONSTABLE Gar«*'-The Carcoar meeting has fairly driven Constate Green from the district. The moral influonce of public opinion was too powerful for him, and hi* resignation and departure were the conse- quence The affair has already been sufficiently talked of and written about, but discreditable as it was both to the appointed and appointee, we are not so unchari- table as to hope anything worse to either than a speedy reformation.—Bathurst Free Press, Jan, 6. Native Police.—The enquiry into the conduct of Mr. Walker has been brought to a close by the commis- sioners, and their report will be forwarded to his Ex- cellency the Governor General. As the investigation was strictly private the exact nature of the report is not of course publicly known. The proceedings will probably be published by the Government, but if not, their nature may perhaps be inferred, from the measures which they may adopt in the matter.— Moreton Bay Free Press, Jan. 2. Representation of Clarence and Darling Downs.— We understand that a requisition has been addressed to Mr. T. de Lacy Moffat, of Darling Downs, inviting that gentleman to come forward as a candidate for the representation of Clarence and Darling Downs, in the place of Mr. George F. Leslie, who is about to resign.— Moreton Bay Courier, Dec. 23. 