âlltPiUttg AT. Swansea, Bicheno, and Falmouth steamer MIMOSA, rriHB E. O. S. N. Company's powerful JL Steamer MIMOSA will leave Franklin Wharf on THURSDAY, the 6th of April next, at four o'clock p.m precisely, FOR THE ABOVE PLACES ONLY. For freight or passage apply to CHARLES S THOMAS, Agents. New Wharf, March 27 830 PASSAGES FROM ENGLAND. PASSAGES from ENGLAND to AUSTRALIA. Celebrated " Black Ball Line" of Australian Packets. Ships. Register Captain. Marco Polo. 1625 0 M'Donnell Indian Queen. 1041 C. Mill Conway. 1240 Liston El Dorado . 950 Jackson Flora McDonald. 100 Gardiner Thunderbolt . 2200 (new clipper) Avalanche . 1840 ditto Elizabeth Harrison . . 1404 ditto Lady Bulwer . 1137 Tobin David M'Iver. 030 Bailie And other first class clipper ships, Sail twice a month from England for Adelaide, Geelong, Melbourne, Sydney, Hobart Town, and Launceston. Passengers for Hobart Town and Launceston, may be forwarded either direct from Liverpool, or via Melbourne, at ship's expence. Parties desirous A bringing their friends out to these colonies from England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales, can engage passages for them by the above well- known line of pat ket ships, which have made the quickest passage to these colonies, and they may calculate upon being joined by their friends here within seven months from the time of writing The accommodations for passengers in these ships are of the most improved kind ; the proVisions are of the best, and liberally supplied, l A qualified surgeon is attached to each ship and they are commanded by captains of experience and ability, who have made the most successful passages to the colonies. Sums of money for outfit, c, from it up can be remitted through the undersigned. For further particulars apply to Du Croz, JACKSON, & Co , Launceston ; OR TO KERR, BOGLE, & Co. , Hobart Town. Passages from England to Van Diemen's Land, under the Government Bounty Immigration Act, by the Black Ball Line of Australian Packets. THE Public are hereby informed that arrangements have been made with the Colonial Government and the owners of the above line of packets, by which holders of Bounty Tickets will be provided with free > passages from London and Liverpool in the ships of the line to Hobart Town and Launceston, on application to Messrs. John Jaffray and Co, Great St. Helen's, London ; or to the owners, Messrs. James Baines and Co., 6, Cook-street, Liverpool. For further advice and information apply to Do GBOZ, JACKSON, and Co., Launceston, OR TO KERB, BOGLE, and Co, New Wharf, Hobart Town, June 24. 207 ( Swanport and Spring Bay. Wind versus Steam. Further Reduction of Freights and Passages, THE Owner of the Circassian (a regular trader between Swansea and as Hobart (Town), has much pleasure in announcing to the public the following reduced rates of charges, viz . Loose wool 6s per cwt. Pressed ditto 4s. ditto Grain 69 per bushel, and dogs supplied by the vessel. Apples Is. ditto Potatos 20s per ton Swede turnips 25s ditto Steerage passengers 20s. each, including provisions 5 Cabin 30s ditto ? '? Separate cabin for ladies, 303 ditto Empty bags and "fruit packages taken back , free of charge ! A. GRAHAM Swansea, Feb. 24. Agent at Hobart Town, Isaac Wright, New Wharf. 592 To Shippers per Steamer Tasmania. JBL MESSRS. SCORES BROTHERS, General COMMISSION AGENTS, 4 TiaTing » their Colonial Produce Stores most conveniently situated alongside the steamer Tasmania's Wharf, at the PATENT SLIP, SYDNEY," beg to offer their services to all 'parties', desirous of consigning goods to their care assuring them that "every attention shall' . <? o«,Pfy^th8lrJni««iti. IV of MM Salts is SUirtum. Engravings. At the City Mart, on Monday, the 9th at 12, BY MR. ELLISTON, AN Invoice of Selected ENGRAVISTGS, coloured and plain, including Cronstadt, by Dolby Sevastopol, by O'Reilly Bombardment of Odessa, ditto Sweaborg, by I Colby Russian War, ditto Parade of the Guards, by Thomas Attack on Ukaas, by Dolby Attack on Bomarsund, ditto Baltic Sketches, ditto Panic at Dinner, ditto Reception of Napier Danish Costume, ditto ' &c.; &c.; &c.; Terms-Cash. 911 Household Furniture and Sundries of a person deceased. WORLEY AND FRODSHAM Will sell by auction, On Saturday, 7th April, at half-past 10 for 11 o'clock, On the Premises, Burnet-street, opposite the Rose and Crown, New Town Road, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and SUNDRIES. Terms as usual. 913 SORELL. Stack of Oaten Hay. WORLEY A FRODSHAM Will sell by Auction, On TUESDAY, April 10th, at 12 o'clock, At Sorell, 4 Small STACK of OATEN HAY. fl Terms at Sale. 900 New Town, on the P premises of Mr Shane. BY WORLEY AND FRODSHAM On Tuesday, April 31, at eleven for half. past. On the Premises of Mr Shane,"; VERY CAPITAL SIDEBOARD Eight horse-hair chairs, six and two arms Loo table and cover Horse-hair sofa Mantle glass Fender and irons -. Brussels carpet and rug Chimney ornaments and vases Pictures in choice frames Hall dock Damask covered couch Four chairs to match Chair bedstead Arm chair Cottage grate Fender and irons Writing desk Cheflioneer Case of pistols Rifle Pine Wardrobe Washstand Dressing Table Toilet glass j Cottage grate Fender, &o; Very superior iron bedstead Ditto smaller i Feather beds _. Horsehair Mattresses Bedding, Co. Iron bedstead hair mattress Washstand Two stretchers Toilet glass Bread but Meat safe Dresser and shelves Kitchen Table Chairs Bath Kitchen utensils Patent Churn Water butts fee. to. go. Terms Cash. 885 Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Pigs, Wheat, Oats, Potatoes, Turnips, Drays, Carts, and Farm- ing Implements. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK Successors to MR. T. Y LOWES, Are favored with instructions flPo H. B Tonkin, Esq , assignee of the estate of John Hartwell, To sell by public auction, On Saturday, 7th April, at 12 o'clock, without reserve, On the premises, at Spring Vale, Great Swan- port, THE following STOCK and FARMING IMPLEMENTS : One splendid entire cart horse, of the Clydesdale breed One ditto thorough-bred horse Six other cart and carriage ditto Six head of cattle Twenty fat sheep Thirty- fhcpigs One hundred tons of hay in stack Forty acres of wheat Ten ditto of oats Ten ditto of turnips One ditto of potatoes Carts, drays, roller Harness and sundries. Terms as usual. 798 NOTICE. Buckland, 2nd April, 1855 THE inhabitants. or Prosser's Plains are invited to attend a PUBLIC MEETING at the Police Office, Buckland, at noon, on TUESDAY -the 17th inst., for the per. pose of appointing a Local Committee, in order to raise contributions in aid of the Pa. »riotloFund. a " ,t J *<?*', " W3 j s C^iiuJi.EABDMr WILMOT ARM.: Services by) further. Valuable Dwelling House and Allotments of Land in Frances-street Battery Point, Hampden Road, Elphinstone. street, and Adelaide-street. MESSRS BRENT WESTBROOK, Successors to MR. T. Y. LOWES, Have been instructed by Mr. George Pollock, who is leaving the colony, on his return to England, To offer for Sale by Public Auction, On Tuesday, the 17th April, commencing in Francis-street, at twelve o'clock precisely', should the weather permit, ' On the several Premiers 'S, THE FOLLOWING VALUABLE 1 PROPERTIES . Lots 1,2, & 3. Three capital cottages In Francis-street, Bat. IMPORTANT NOTICE. Sale of the Restdown Ferry House, Stores, c. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK Successors to MR. T. Y. LOWES," Are requested by the Proprietor, T. G. Greg; son, Esq., to announce the intended disposal of the above property, by Public Auc- tion on Tuesday, the 24th April, at the Exchange Mart, Collins-street, at 12 o'clock, 'J's M5 Property comprises not only the I LICENSED INN, with its stabling and other conveniences attached, and a large garden but extensive granaries for the storage of every description of property on its transit to and from Hobart Town. Although its locality is so well known on this side the island, it may be proper to inform persons living at a distance, and who have not travelled in that direction, that the RESTDOWN FERRY INN is situated on the left bank on Richmond side of the River Derwent, which great channel of communication runs only a few yards from its front. It is about two miles from the foot of Grass Tree Hill, and ten from Richmond Bridge, on the high road to Sorell, and the celebrated grain-growing district of Pitt water It is also on the way to the Coal River, and through Jerusalem and Colebrook Dale to Oatlands and Launceston. The ad | vantage of such a locality, and of an excellent land and water-carriage, of about four miles to and from the capital, need not be further commented on. The Inn, with four building allotments | adjacent, will be sold together or separately as may be determined on the day of sale They are all bounded in front by the captain. side immediately above highwater mark, and there are 300 acres of Government Land ad | joining the back line, which can be rented in the usual manner. It may be well to add, that the New Nor folk steamer stops at the Ferry Inn in its way up and down the river and that the landlord is not likely to have any competition with his licensed buisness for several years. The Rich . mond public conveyances also stop there. Agents acting for parties in Victoria, who have capital to invest, will no doubt readily perceive the improbability of such another chance occurring Terms Twenty per cent deposit, and balance at three and six months, secured on the property. Further particulars may be obtained of the Auctioneers, at their Mart, where a plan of the property can be seen. 883 Eligible Family Residence and Land at i Brighton. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK, Successors to MR. T. Y. LOWES, Are instructed by G. B. Forster, Esq., to offer for sale by public auction, On TUESDAY, 24th April, 1855, at twelve o'clock, unless previously disposed of by private contract, of which due notice will be given, At their Mart in Collins-street, THE CAPITAL STONE - BUILT DWELLING - HOUSE, situate on Brighton Hill, commanding a most extensive and delightful view of the surrounding country, together with a four stall stable, coach house, servants' cottage, and all necessary out offices ; also an excellent garden, and about nine acres of good land divided into convenient paddocks. The dwelling-house, built with cut stone, has been erected with great taste, regardless of cost ; it is in first-rate condition, and is well adapted for a respectable boarding school. Terms and further particulars may be obtained on application to G. B. Forster, Esq on the premises to W. G. Harris, Esq., Stone Buildings ; or the Auctioneers, at their Mart, in Collins-street, Hobart Town. 880 One Hundred and Thirty nine Bags Coffee. WILLIAM IVEY. AND CO. Are instructed to Sell by Public Auction, at the Wharf, alongside the Brig Mer. maid." On arrival from Adelaide : ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY SIX BAGS very fine COFFEE, in lots to suit the trade. Terms at sale. 887 W. H. GODWIN, GROCER, CONFECTIONER, &c.;, No. 4, Barrack-street, FEELS called upon to return his most sincere thanks to his friends and the public generally, for the very encouraging support he has received during the three months he his occupied that well.known(sliop, lately conducted by Mr Topping, next the Derwent Foundry. And as Mr G. will always keep the best articles in both departments combined with Town Prices, and strict attention to business, he hopes to merit and obtain a full share of public patronage. Ladies would do well to be in tune with their orders for HOT CROSS 'BUNS for GOOD FRIDAY., 7 , April 29 .;;«,, . , 894 Salts his auction. tery Point, numbered 12 and 3, and let to rape table tenants at 24s. per week each. These cottages are most substantial built of brick and stone, the main walls being of 14 inch brick-work on a stone foundation of 18 inches, and are in first-rate condition ; there are four good rooms with fire-places, and an under- ground cellar to each, and in the yards and gardens at the back are kitchens and other convenient offices. The water is laid on M ' Lots 4 and 5. Two, excellent houses in Hampden Road, substantially built of brick and stone, and let to respectable tenants at 24s per ' week each. There is a large yard in the rear of each House with kitchens and out-offices, and the water is laid on. Lots 6 and 7. Two substantial b.ir.k milt houses in Elphin- stone street, bringing in a yearly rental of £52. The water is laid on, and all oon venient offices are erected in the yard and garden at the back. ' Lot 3. A very compact and capital new built cottage in Adelaide-street, culled Adelaide Cot , tage, containing four excellent rooms, a good kitchen filled up with ranges and boilers, with servant's room over, wash- house, coal shed, piggery, gig-house, stable, and large yard. This lot is in first rate condition, an i forms altogether a decidedly comfortable home, commanding a charming view of the town and harbour, and needs only to he seen to be admired. The water is laid on. Lot 9. An allotment of land adjoining Lot 8, having a frontage of 42 feet on Adelaide-street with a depth of 100 feet. Lot 10. An allotment of land having a frontage of 30 feet on Adelaide-street with a depth of 146 feet 6 inches. Title-Grant. Terms-Twenty-five per cent, cash deposit at the time of sale ; the i remaind r by bills at three and six months, bearing Bank interest, and secured on the property. Further particulars may he obtained on application to W. Harris, Esq: Solicitor j or to the Auctioneers, at their Mart, in Collins street. 846 The Estate of Hartfield, on the River Ouse, near Bothwell, comprising 1200 Acres of Land. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK, Successors to MR. T. Y, LOWE S, Have received instructions to submit for sale by public auction, On TUESDAY, the 24th day of April, at one o'clock, THAT VALUABLE ESTATE known by the name of HARTFIELD, at present occupied by Mr. William Nicholls. The description of the land as comprised in the grant from the crown is as follows: " All those twelve hundred acres of land " situate and being in the parish of Aber " gavenny, in the county of Cumberland, '' and bounded on the south west by the " River Ouse, on the south by a Grant to " Charles Arthur, being an easterly line of " one hundred and ninety-seven chains, on " the north-east by a line of eighty-seven " chains and fifty links, and on the north " west by a line to the River Ouse." The land is fenced, and a part of it in cultivation, with a homestead and other improvements, which of course intending purchasers will examine for themselves at the same time that they view the estate. The Title is deduced from the Grant, and the Estate was vested in the late John Robertson, Esquire, and the property is exposed for sale by the devisees in trust under his will. Possession of the Estate will be given within fourteen days after the sale, if the purchase is then completed. Terms-One third cash deposit at the time of sale, and the remainder to be payable in twelve and eighteen months after the sale, and bearing interest at 8 per cent., and Lp be secured by way of mortgage over the property ; or the whole push the money may be paid in cash, at the option of the purchaser. 841 Swansea, Town Allotments. WORLEY AND FRODSHAM Will Sell by Auction, On THURSDAY. the 19th April, at eleven o'clock, At the Swansea Inn, AN ALLOTMENT comprising 48. 1r. 32p. in the Township, bounded by Noyes, Julia, and Victoria-streets. And an allotment 68. 1r. 2p. also in the Township, bounded on one side by Victoria street. Title-Grant. Terms Cash or half cash ; remainder three months at Bank interest. 810 Farm at Pittwater, 63 acres. WORLEY AND FRODSHAM Are instructed to sell by public auction, at the Blue Bells, Sorell, On TUESDAY, the 10th April, at twelve o'clock, A CAPITAL PROPERTY, known as Granger's Farm, comprising sixty-three acres of excellent Land, the whole in cultivation ; together with a variety of useful Buildings thereon. Title Grant. Terms Cash, or twenty-five per cent, deposit; remainder at seven per cent, for one or three years 822 New Norfolk Stock and General Sale; the last Tuesday in the Month. WORLEY AND FRODSHAM; V; DESIRE to ann junee that they will hold a STOCK SALE at New Norfollß;^4 " On TUESDAY, the 24th April, 1856 ' 'j Which they purpose to continue every alter y. 'E A , nate month, t, s s J , Parties interested nore requested to communicate with the Auctioneers, s 5271 sails by glutton. Stock Sale at Sorell. WORLEY ANÏÏ~FRODSIIAM Will Sell by Public Auction, On Tuesday, the 10th April, at 12 o'clock, At the Blue Bells, Sorell, THE FOLLOWING PRIME STOCK One thousand five hundred sheep Ten useful horses Twenty head of fat cattle Two hundred fat wethers Two hundred fat ewes Four hundred store ditto, 4 and 6-tooth One hundred fat lambs Twenty store pigs Twenty fut ditto Ten pairs working bullocks Twenty very useful saddle and draught horses. . Terms as usual. 789 Desirable Farm Near Town, "RUNNING SIDE," Farm House, Stabling, Out Buildings, and 60 Acres Laid, within 18 miles of Hobart Town, and on the Road to New BY WORLEY & FRODSHAM At the Ship Inn, On WEDNESDAY, the 18th APRIL, at 12 o'clock, Without reserve, limited to the amount of Mortgage, qrllE FARM comprises SIXTY ACRES, is. divided into 14 paddocks, thoroughly fenced, and producing every description of Agricultural and Garden Produce The Homestead, near the roadside, is convenient and capacious, suitable for the accommodation of a family, and is surrounded by a productive Kitchen Garden well stocked with fruit trees of every kind. The buildings, fences, and all that is calculable under the head of outlay could not be effected for less than £2000, in addition to the intrinsic value of Sixty Acres of cleared and cultivated Land. Title-Grant. Terms £1000 may remain on mortgage; remainder cash, upon completion of the conveyance ; or the whole may be paid in cash. Possession immediate, the proprietor and his family preparing to leave the colony for Melbourne. 835 Stock Sale at Swansea. WORLEY & F FRODSHAM Will hold a Stock Sale at the Swansea Inn, Swansea, on Thursday, the 19th April at 10 for half-past, AND all parties desirous of supporting the sale with supplies, are requested to communicate with the Auctioneers ; or Mr. Wellard, at the Swansea Inn. Twins as at all country sales. 695 SATURDAY, 7TH APRIL, AT MR. RUSSELL'S STORES, OLD MARKET. WORLEY AND FRODSHAM, Will Sell by Auction, On Saturday, the 7th April, at half-past 10 for 11 o'clock, time exact, at the Stores of Mr Russell, Old Market, J IF TYE F IRK INS BUTTER L Fifty quarter chests tea Twenty bags crushed sugar Six cases main malade, three dozen each Eight boxes glass Half ton dried fish Three bags chocolate nibs Four tarpaulins, 18 by 24 Three musical b< ves (one sacred, playing eight tunes repeated) Six firms Three double-barrelled guns Two pair pistols a. , One saddle and bridle One plough One turnip cutter (double acting) One ship's galley, dishes, and iron plate Fifty dozen ale ' Five cwt. shot One case of capers Two tons jam, in packages about 70 lbs. Splendid tool chest ? Six hhds. Truman's post or Four cases cognac brandy First-rate weighing machine. AND '' Numerous lots of clothing, farming tools, and sundries. 898 Central Residence, 62, Macquarie-street, the third house from Molle-street. In consequence of the Proprietor, being ordered to the Cape, WORLEY AND FRODSHAM Are instructed to sell without reserve. On MONDAY, the 16th April, 1856, at two o'clock, On the Premises, THAT desirable VERANDAH COTTAGE, 62, Macquarie-street, containing eight apartments, garden front and back, and most conveniently and respectably situated. Present rental, £60. Title-Grant. Terms-Twenty-five per cent, cash deposit ; remainder upon completion of the deed, which must be within a fortnight. 899 TO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, roller Beautiful Family RESIDENCE, situate four miles from Hobart Town, known as Windsor Park. The house contains ten rooms, with six-stalled stable, two coach-houses, cow-sheds and piggery, with every requisite required for a gentleman's establishment. The-garden contains about two, acres of land, stocked with choice fruit trees, the paddock all enclosed with substantial fence, in all about fourteen acres. The proprietor's reason for disposing of this property is that he is about visiting England., , Apply to Mr. E. Butler, on the premises, Windsor Park ; or to " '< j , iV }\ 9. ,|, J ' WOWAN ARD FBOMHAM. March 27 ' y ft '' -1' SS Sales for? Surtout. FOR PRIVATE SALE WORLEY A FRODSHAM ARE desirous of calling attention to an extremely ELIGIBLE PROPERTY, Risdon Road, comprising a convenient Dwell- ing House, 7 rooms, and the UBual(Variety of out-buildings and two acres of splendid garden ground, stocked with every description of choice fruit trees and exceedingly profitable. The situation is most unexceptionable, and to any respectable family seeking for a suitable domicile, blending the genteel with the economic is, the spot indicated above finny well challenge comparison with any property ever offered to the public within ten miles of Hobart Town Title-Grant. Terms as may be agreed, with possession immediately (upon concluding the necessary arrangements), the proprietor, who is now the occupant. anxious, on account of private family matttafljitttj visit England without delay. W W ALSO A compact Family House in Macquarie street, with extensive frontage. A seven-room Brick House in Melbourne street. And various other Properties in Farms Houses, Allotments, &c.; I March 30. , 888 all Allotment of Land Fitzroy Crescent. MESSRS. BRENT WESTBROOK/ (Successors to Mr. T. Y. LOWES,) Have received instructions to submit for Sale by Public Auction, On THURSDAY, the 6th April, at twelve o'clock precisely, at On the Premises, in Fitzroy Crescent, A VERY VALUABLE ALLOTMENT of LAND, situate in Fitzroy Crescent, commanding a splendid view of Sandy Bay and the River Derwent, having a frontage of 30 feet on the Crescent with an equal depth cfS feet, and bounded on one side by the dwelling-house of T. 0. Ashton, Esq., and on the other by a cottage the property of Mr. Campbell. ' ?" Title such that a New Grant maybe obtained. Terms-Twenty-five per cent, cash deposit at the time of sale ; the remainder by 'bill at 3 months, secured on the land, and bearing bank interest. 882 FARMS TO LET FROM! twenty to fifty acres each, situated on the Brown's River Road, about eight miles from town Apply to F J REGAN Liverpool-street, March la 708 CITY ASSESSMENT. NOTICE TO RATEPAYERS. Town Clerk's Office, Hobart Town, March 22. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Worshipful the Major and Alder- men of the City of Hobart Town will hold a Court at the Municipal Council Chambers, Collins B trict Hobart Town, on Friday, the 13th day of April next, at the hour of 10 o'clock in the forenoon, for hearing appeals and finally fixing the City Rates for the year 1855 The amount of the Assessed Value of vans ous premises will be published in the Hobart Town Gazette of the 27th mat, and can be inspected at the Office of the Town Olerk'aftif that date. Parties are requested to tall and see that their names, the description of their premises, and amount of rates payable by them are correctly inserted thereon. And Notice is hereby further given, that all persons intending to appeal must lodge notice thereof, (together with the grounds of appeal in writing, at the office of the Town Clerk, not later than Monday, the 10th day of April. No appeal will be entertained unless previous notice is given and the parties will be required to attend either personally, or by their Agents or Attorney on the day of Appeal Ratepayers are requested to take notice that the Rates so fixed and determined on the above day, will be final for the current year of By order of the Mayor and Aldermen, FRED R LEES, Town Clerk. March 2183 NOTICE. Sorell, 2nd April, 1855, IN compliance with a Requisition received from several of the inhabitants of Sorell I hereby give notice that a PUBLIC MEETING will be held at the School-house, Sorell, at two p m on SATURDAY, the 14th in, for the purpose of appointing a Local Committee, in order to raise contributions in aid of the Patriotic Fund, when the inhabitants generally are earnestly requested to attend CiiABLkH EABDI KY Wimor, APPM POLAR OIL. a ON S A L E by the undersigned Twenty five tons fine POLAR OIL. MANING BROTHERS. New Wharf, April 3. , "t 912 EDUCATION. MR. IRELAND, grateful to nis|(/rj«nds and the public for the encouragement he has received, begs to announce that he has still room for more pupils. Ness -At the request of his friends he has agreed to open an L\emngClass, whenever competent number of pupils has made application. It is hoped, therefore, that young men, anxious for instruction in any or all of the following branches, will communicate with him immediately Branches, taught Writing arithmetic, book keeping, drawing,. a,lget>ra( and mathematical e, ,»<ai9l5 NOTICE., No, 7st was r Hobart Town Immigration Society Voyages JJ as as"s', , -AT"" «Àîijfe.«w*»*« """basis THE Home, Agent that notified the play We pective dispatch of another "vessel was i selected BOUNTY E MItGRANTS- another. v * fives, " in all February, of the same character ._,.......-^-^As^m* it 