Missing Friends, Messages, Ac. ALFRED FORD will hear of his Brother John by writing to Mr. Cooper, 42 Lonsdale-street west. ANDREW COOPER, from Leith, sup- posed to be on Ballaarat,—send your ad- dress James M'Nuy, Woodhouse, Burns and Co, 30 Flinders-lane east, Melbourne. CHARLES H. GREEN.—Mrs. Brace has arrived ; not meeting Mr. Brace, would like to see you. Apply Post Office for a letter. CARL CHRISTIAN NIELSEN,—You are required to communicate your address with the undersigned, who is instructed by the Royal Danish Ministerial Department to convey information to you. Robert Kent, Royal Danish Vice Consul. DAVID MACFARLANE, late Manager to J. W. Bell's Trustees, will be found at 121 Flinders-lane east. GEORGE H. BRACE,—your wife and son have arrived. Apply at the Post Office for her whereabouts._150 GEORGE ELDRIDGE, from Greenwich, you are requested to write to your sisters, Harriett and Frances, at the Melbourne and Portland Post Offices. T. E. 1237 oct 12 wk GEORGE WESLEY, who was in the service of Mr. Coagle, at Glendernel, Burn Bank, in July, 1851, is requested to write to his brothcr John, and direct his letter to the care of Mr. Joseph Richards, to be left at the Black Horse, Launceston, Tasmania. _ 62 oct 10 HENRY SHORT.—James Tuff is in Mel- bourne, and would be happy to receive your address through the Post Office. 187 IF this meet the eye of Miss Helen Elder, from Aberdeen, passenger per ship Stormbole, which arrived in August, 1854,— please write to John M'Leod, care of R. J. Smith, Esq., Lown Marie, Ipswich, Moreton, N. S. W._ 61 tu sa oct 18 IF this should meet the eye of Harry Keatinge, of London, his Cousin Peter would be glad to hear from him. Address Post Office, Melbourne. 114 IF Robert George Anderson, boot and shoe maker, late of Hobart Town, will forward his address he will oblige a very great friend. Address Mrs. Hamersley, Bendigo Post Office. _41 oct 10 d 12 wk IF this should meet the eye of Allen M'Lean and M'Donald, who sailed from Liver- pool in the Otillia, in August, 1852, he will get all the news from home by sending their addresses to Duncan M'Intyre, care of Mr. Gunn, Kangaroo Flat, Sandhurst. 66 oct 25 IF Benjamin Coote, who came out to Adelaide about the year 1849, will call at W. and J. Devas, Routledge and Co.'s, 83 Bourke-street west, he will hear of something to his advantage. 069 oct 9 IF this should meet the eye of Owen Hogan, from Westminster, London, or Patrick Kane, from the same place, they will oblige Michael Hanley by communicating with him at the Post Office, Bendigo. 1105 nov 1 JOSEPH ADAMS NEWTON,—your bro- ther, Harry Adam Newton, at the Ovens Diggings. Address Beechworth Post Office. _1159 nov 4 JOHN HUTCHINSON, formerly of Ar- broath, is requested to call upon T. S. Martin, 122 Flinders-lane west. 118 J. W. J. GUTIERREZ,—a Parcel lies for you at Joseph Parker's, Prahran. Send your address. 54 JOHN STONE, or Robert Renshaw, who came to this colony in the City of Lin- coln in December, 1862, is requested to call on Daniel Grant, 71 Queen- street._125 JOHN HURLAY will find his Brother Timothy at 201 Swanston-street, Mel- bourne._242 KINGDOM OF FIFE, Arncroach.—George and James Todd,—write. Address Wil- liam Tood, Welshman's-store, Yackandandah, Beechworth._ 65 nov 1 LAND.—No. 100,—call on Messrs. Clayton and Atkinson, 64 Little Collins-street east._346 R. MORGAN EVANS, formerly of Wellington, New Zealand,—any person who will give information of the fate of this gentleman, who was at Bendigo about two years ago, will confer a favor by addressing Mr. Moon, Portland._176 oct 9 OSBALDESTON.—The mother of Charles Osbaldeston, who arrived per Kent, in October, 1852, is anxious to hear from, or of, him. Communications to Mr. Murray, office of this paper, are earnestly entreated. _;_._1182 oct 12 RICHARD LANGFORD,—your sister, Mrs. Pilmer of Liverpool-street, Sydney, wishes to hear from you. 43 SHOULD this meet the eye of Wm. Trin- field, from Birmingham, by calling at Mr Cooper's, No. 42 Lonsdale-street west, he will hear of his father and two brothers. _152 oct 10 SAMUEL LAWRENCE, butcher, Main street, Alma, will find a letter for him at the Post Office, Alma, which requires an immediate answer. Address J. S., Wesleyan Methodist Primitive Chapel, La Trobe-street. _270 SHIP Monteagle. —Richard Pendleton, you will find your uncle behind 11 Little Bourke-street east. 334 SHIP Marco Polo.—Denis Fitzgerald, your Brother William is anxious to hear from you, Castlemaine._1255 oct 13 TOM DUNN and BEN BRADSHAW ,—please write to John Dunn, directly. Shepherd's Arms, Collingwood._8 oct 13 THOMAS JENKINS, late of Edmund street, Birmingham, can see W. M. Broughall, at J. W. Massey's, Gertrude- street, two doors from George-street, Collingwood. 177 WIDMANN, CHARLES,—Letter for you, per Ben Nevis, lies at our office. Pigott Brothers and Co., 104 Collins-street west._031 WILLIAM R. SHANNON, Esq., late of Sandridge, merchant,—the undersigned are instructed to communicate business information to you. J. B. Were, Kent, and Co., 46 Flinders-lane east._ 133 WANTED William H. Williams, from Demerara, to write to his old friend B.M. R., care of Messrs. Lewens and Ruther- furd Ballaarat._1235 oct 9 WANTED Samuel Young to call on A. Claringbold, Curled Hair Factory Emerald Hill. Business of importance. 255 WILLIAMS, EDWARD,—your old friend G. M. has arrived. Address Exchange Hotel, Swanston-street._289 WILLIAM WELSH (came out in ship Limehouse),—communicate with your father and mother, 89 Queen-street. 331 WILLIAM FITZGERALD is anxious to hear from his Brother Denis. _1256 oct 13 WESTERN BRIDE. — William Dunn requires information of his brother-in law, Thomas Chapman, who arrived here in the ship Defence. Address Immigrants' Office, Melbourne. 083 oct 8 Board and Lodging. APARTMENTS in a Private Family for Two Gentlemen, with Sitting Room and separate Bedrooms. Apply 72 Gertrude street, Collingwood._283 oct 19 AUSTRALIAN Club House, Blackwood street, North Melbourne. Board and lodging, 25s. weekly, with separate Bed- room. A MARRIED Couple can be accommo- dated with Board and Residence in a Private Family. Apply at Mr. Glover's, che- mist, Elizabeth street. A COMFORTABLE Home for Two respectable Females next Riversdale Cottage, Franklin street west. Terms moderate. BOARD and Residence for Two Single Gentlemen. Separate room. 93 Flinders street east. BOARD and Residence in a respectable private family. Apply 88 Russell street near Bourke street. BOARD and Residence for Two or Three respectable Men. Terms moderate. 84 Yoiung street, Collingwood. BOARD and Residence for either One, Two, or Three Gentlemen. Apply at Nor-..., print.... opposite the offices of this paper. Board and Lodging. BOARD and Residence. — Three Gentle- men can be accommodated. 30s. week. 92 Collins-street, above Argus office 234 COMFORTABLE Board and Lodgings, 25s. weekly, or 4s. per day, board alone 18s. (8 Stephen-street, opposite the Eastern Market._ 280 FURNISHED Bedroom and Sittingroom to Let, overlooking the Bay, North Melbourne. Address Society, office of this paper._ 98 oct 10 MRS. WOOD'S Select Residence for Busi- ness Gentlemen. Apsley-place, Eastern hill, opposite the Reservoir. MILITARY HOTEL, St Kilda.—To Let Separate Rooms, furnished or unfur- nished, with board. Attendance if required. 59 oct 30 NORTH MELBOURNE.—Quiet Comfort- able respectable Home for Two Boarders. Apply Atkin, chemist, Errol-street. Terms moderate. 148 oct 9 ONE or Two Rooms to Let. Apply 88 Russell-street, near Bourke-street. 76 oct 8 QUIET, Respectable, Comfortable Home for Two Boarders, 28s. weekly, 138 Collins street. 288 REQUIRED Residence, with Partial Board, by' a Single Gentleman, within a short distance of the Post Office. Address Homo, Post Office, till called for. 288 RESPECTABLE Board and Residence for Two or Three Gentlemen ; separate Bedroom if, required. 77 Russell-street. 290 oct 12 SUPERIOR Board and Residence for Two Gentlemen in a Private Family ; only one other taken. Apply 39 Stephen-street, between Collins-street and Flinders- lane. _51 oct 8 SEPARATE ROOMS with Board 25s. per week, in a respectable family, at 123 Little Lonsdale-street east. 278 TWO Gentlemen Boarders can be accom- modated in a Private Family. Apply, Mr. Shanley's, stationer, Elizabeth- street. TO Clerks and Others.—Two Gentlemen can be accommodated with Board and Residence in a respectable Family ; terms low. Apply to E. Wollaston, 130 Russell street. 352 TWO Unfurnished Apartments. No other lodgers. Servants apartment. Use of kitchen if required. 8 Kyte's-buildings, Col- lingwood. 29 oct 12 TWO Gentlemen can be Accommodated with Private Board and Residence. 1 Drummond-street, near Wcsleyan Home. 179 oct 8 VICTORIA FAMILY HOTEL, St. Kilda. — Excellent Accommodation for Families and Single Gentlemen at reduced terms.____56 oct 11 VERY Superior Residence in town for One Gentleman. Card : Mr. Caple, 38 Collins-street. Terms moderate. 188 WANTED, by a Young Lady, a Home in Return for Services, Needlework, &c.; Apply by letter, M. R., office of this paper. WANTED at Brighton or St. Kilda, an Unfurnished Room, with attendance. Address House, office of this paper. 82 oct 8 WANTED, a Few Boarders, who will find comfortable home. Private rooms. Mrs. Brown's, 2 Franklin-street. 281 oct 8 136 LONSDALE-STREET EAST.— Respectable Board and Residence, every comfort, Terms, 30s. Houses and Land to Let, FORTUNE!—Wanted to Let, a General Store, in the country. The Proprietor has made sufficient to enable him to enter the wholesale trade. £70 has been taken the last week. For the last fifteen months £240 per month has been taken. The Stock is new, very cheap, and has been carefully selected. To a worker it is a fortune. Terms easy. Rent for new house and store, £2 per week. Apply A. HOLLAND, 105, or Mr. HIDE. 41 Swanston-street._145 oct 8 wk ASTLEY'S AMPHITHEATRE to Let. Inquire of G. Lewis, Mazeppa Hotel, adjoining the theatre. 308 oct 13 A FOUR-ROOMED HOUSE to Let, near Victoria-parade. R. R. Rogers, archi- tect, Mechanics' Institution buildings. 94 BLACKSMITH'S SHOP to Let, at Haw- thorne (much wanted), adjoining the Red Lion Hotel. Apply thereon. 062 oct 8 BRIGHTON.—To Let or Sell, cheap, a newly-finished Six-Roomed House. Apply Pordage, Bathick's Store. 6 oct 8 CHANCERY-LANE.—Good Offices to Let. at 10s. per week. Apply to Mr. M'Gill, No. 79. _ 113 EAST MELBOURNE.—To Let, a Comfort- able Five-Roomed Brick Cottage, de- tached wooden kitchen (with range), ser- vants' room, stable, &c;, with large yard ; situated near the Bishop's Palace. Apply to Mr. Galbraith, 43 Little Bourke-street east. 153 FARM to Let, on the Saltwater River, six miles from Melbourne.—That Paddock Known as Mr. Miller's Accommodation Pad- dock, now in the occupation of Messrs. Bell and M'Phail, will be Let for cultivation, either in one or two farms, for a term of five years, with immediate entry. Particulars can be learned of Messrs. BELL and M'PHAIL, on the ground, to whom offers may be ad- dressed. Listan Shiells, Saltwater River, 5th October, 1855. _65 nov 4. FORGE, Stables and Cottage to Let in the very centre of the Horse Market. Apply Jno. Mackenzie, Queen street. HOTEL to Let on Easy Terms.—A respectable Party, with a few hundred pounds, will find this a good investment. Apply 40 Bourke street west. aHOUSES to Let.—Sevewral Houses of Three and Four Rooms in Madeline street , and a large House in Hawke-street, to be Let. Rents moderate. Apply to S. Campbell, Madeline-street. MARKET-GARDEN to Let, adjoining Richmond Punt, one and a quarter acres of splendid land, with Two-roomed Cottage thereon. Apply to William Bayles and Co., 97 Collins-street west. _059 oct 8 OFFICES to Let, rent moderate. 41 Col- lins-street west._239 oct 8 QUEENSCLIFFE.—To Let, beautifully si- tuated, close to the Beach, a Dwelling House, with detached Kitchen and Offices, well adapted for a large family or a boarding- house. This interesting Watering-place can be reached by steamer almost daily, and being connected by telegraph with Melbourne, and having a daily mail, offers a desirable retreat for a mercantile or professional gentleman. Apply Carron Timber Yard, 72 Flinders lane east. _ 276 OFFICES to Let, suitable for Solicitors, &c.;, in Chancery-lane. Apply at No 90. 30 oct 10 SPLENDID Chance at Geelong.—To be Let by Tender, for the term of Three Years certain, The Royal Hotel, Geelong, without ex- ception the best business house in Geelong, as in proof of which it may be remarked that all who have as yet occupied it have realised for- tunes in a few years.—OGILVIE and ROBIN- SON have much pleasure in announcing that the current lease of the above premises expir- ing on the 5th December next, they are in- structed by the proprietor to lease the same from that date for a term of three years. The Royal Hotel, situate in Malop street, adjoining the Theatre Royal, and having a right of entrance therefrom into a spacious saloon, is so well known, and its adaptability for business and the realisation of a fortune in a few years, even in these hard times, so generally acknowledged by every one, that comment would be superfluous. Suffice it to that no good-will is required, that the suc- cessful competitor can take possession with- out any hindrance whatever on the above- named day, and purchase the whole of the household furniture, which includes every re- quisite, at a valuation,the whole outlay, stock included, being only about £1000. Tenders will be received by the agents at their office, Moorabool-street, until the 10th October, and all further particulars may be had on application. Rent payable quarterly, and security required. N.B.—The agents are also open to receive offers for the leasing of the Theatre Royal, from about s'imi' time, either seperately or jointly, with the Royal Hotel. 3575 yet 1,1 Houses and Land to Let. ST. KILDA.-To Let, Neptune nousc, Neptune-street, containing Nine Rooms. Apply on the premises. 4 oct 13 ST. KILDA.—Two Houses to Let, well situated. Apply at Copley's, fruiterer, opposite the Junction Hotel. 305 TO Let, Two Shops, with Dwellings, ill Spring-street. Also, a Four-roomed Cottage in Little Bourke-strect east. M. Benjamin, Little Collins-street. 323 oct 10 f|AO Let, Tlnee and Four-Roomed Cottages, I with Large Yaids ; pleasantly situated near Flagstaff Hill. M. Benjamin, 36 Little Collins-sticet west. 324 oct 10 TO Let, a Five-roomed Cottage, with Kit-« eben, pleasantly situated in Albert street, near Bishop's Palace. M. Benjamin, 36 Little Collins-stieet west. 322 oct 10 ' TO Let, a Shop, with Dwelling, situated ia the most business part of Elizabeth sticct north. M. Benjamin, 36 Little Collins street webt. 325 oct 10 TO Let, Unfurnished, a Drawingroom and Bedroom, with kitchen and servant's room. Rent very moderate. Apply 50 Russell street. 115 TO Let, a Two-Roomed Brick Cottage, o££ Bourke-strcet east, opposite the Black Bull Inn._77 n"\HE Premises 110 Bourke-strect east, to _L Let. Counters, shelves and fixtures, complete. Apply next door. 56 TO Chemists, &c.;—To Let, the Dispensary with Fixtures, Wrecken-street, North Mel- bourne. Rent moderate._55 oct 10 TWO Parlors to Let at No. 155 King street, near the Harp of Erin. Rent low. 44 oct 9 TO Let, Bakehouse and Shop, with Baking Utensils, at a moderate rent. Apply W. M., office of this paper. 250 oct 13 TO Let, part use of a Bakehouse, excellent Oven, and every necessary fixtures and utensils required for the trade ; also a well fitted-up Shop ; rent moderate. 4 Market street, Emerald Hill. 257 TO Let, on Improving Lease. 116 Acres of Land, near Cheltenham Hotel, having frontage to main Arthur's Seat-road and the Bay. Apply to Thomas Stevenson, Neave's buildings, Collins-street east. 58 oct 17 alt TO Let, Sheyne Cottage, Dryburgh-street ; Two Rooms, Hall, and Kitchen. Rent, 17 Shillings per week._ 72 oct 8 TO Let, Two Brick Cottages, next the Sad- dler's, Wellington-street, Collingwood. Apply at the shop. 123 oct 9 TO Let, at Northcote, Five Acres Land and Two-Roomed House. Apply Kidney others, Brunswick-street. 50 oct 12 TO Let, a Fruiterer's and Oystershop. Com- ing in, with Fixtures, £10. Wallis, 5 Eastern Market._24 oct 9 TO Let, in Town, Two comfortable Two- Roomed Houses, with Kitchens, 206 Bourke-street east._313 oct 8 TO Printeis.-For Sale, cheap, a Small Printing Office, new, well-assorted, and complete, with two presses, doing a good business, with well-established connection. Satisfactory reasons for disposal. Apply Mr. Nicholls, bookseller, Collins-street. 166 oct 8 TWO Five-roomed Brick Houses to Let, near Hawthorne Church, advan- tageously situated. Terms moderate. _233 oct 12 TO Let, that desirable Family Residence, with Garden and Farm of twenty acres under cultivation, situated by Pentridge, five miles from town. The house comprises seven apartments, with stabling and numerous out- offices, and forms a delightful country es- tablishment. Rent £250 per annum. Apply lo Mr. M'KEANE, at 30 Little Collins-street, near Queen-street._ _67 oct 9 TO Let, extensive Premises in Chapel street, suitable for any business. Also a Carrpenter's Shop and Dwelling- house. Rents low. Apply to Romanis, Prahran. _16 oct 8 TO Let, Forty Acres good Garden Land, at Brighton. 143 Little Lonsdale-street. _155 oct 8 TO Let, a Five-roomed Cottage in Leices- ter-street, top end of Elizabeth-street, opposite the cattle-yards. Apply on the pre- mises, to Thos. Johnston._57 oct 8 TO Let, the Draper's Shop known as Lon- don House, 171 Stephen-street north. 61 oct 11 TO Let, at Prahran, Eight Acres of Garden Ground, with Two Cottages. Apply to Mr. Hutton, office of this paper. 1013 c TO Let, Foxton's old Bonded Warehouse. Apply to Graham Lamb and Co., 92 Little Collins-street east._1023 c TO Let, Land, opposite Crown Stables, Queen-street, on building lease or other- wise. Apply Crown Stables._62 oct 8 TO Let, Handsome House and Shop, with Kitchen detached. M. Sullivan, Harp of Erin, King-street. _62 oct 8 TOBACCONIST'S SHOP to Let : fixtures and a small stock at a valuation. 191 Bourke-street east._ 44 oct 9 TO Let, a Cottage fronting Wellington parade, near Parade Hotel ; contains six rooms, and detached kitchen. Apply at 42 Elizabeth-street._061 oct 9 TO Let, Lothian-street, North Melbourne, Handsome Five-Roomed House. Kid- ston and Atchisdn, 80 Swanston-street. _203 oct 8 TO Let, Collins-street east, Dwelling House, seven rooms and kitchen. J. Mackenzie, Queen-street. 1154 oct 11 TO Let, Offices in Temple-court, Chancery lane. Apply to Mr. Elliott, No. 10. _209 oct 8 TO Let, a handsome and commodious Dwelling-house, in Lennox-street, Rich- mond, containing large entrance-hall, dining room, drawing-room, breakfast-room, four bed-rooms, one of which has a dressing-room, and bath-room off it ; also servants' room, ,and pantry, a detached kitchen, and laundry. At the rear of the house, there are a coach- house, a four-stalled stable, a harness room, and fowl-house. Apply to Mr. MACKINNON office of this paper. 1032 c TO Let, a Mansion, eight, rooms and lobby, together with servants' room, pantry, two kitchens, excellent cellar, and out- offices, situate in Russell-street. A Stone-built Cottage, verandah, five rooms, lobby, detached kitchen and servants' room, FitzRoy-street. A Brick Cottage, similar dimensions, Fitz- Roy-street. A neat Wooden Verandah Cottage, lined, four rooms and kitchen, with spacious yard. Prahran, near the corner of Punt-road and Toorak-road. A neat Three-Room Verandah Cottage in same place. P. DAVIS and CO., City Mart, 48 Collins street east. 1024 c Houses and Land for Sale A BARGAIN.—Five Acres of Excellent Black Soil, well adapted for a Market Garden, near Pentridge, and only a short dis- tance from the new Sydney-road. Apply to Mr. P. Dredge, Irishtown. 19 oct 13 BALLAARAT.—For Sale,—That Business premises situated in Lydiard-street, oc- cupied by Mr. George Roberts, grocer, being the best situation in Ballaarat, adjoining the Bank of New South Wales. For particulars apply to Messrs. Walker and Wright, 2 Swan- ston-street ; or Mr. George Roberts, Ballaarat. 47 oct 10 CHEAP PROPERTY.—Twenty-five Acres Market Garden Land near Oakleigh, eleven miles from the City. Price £3 per acre. One year's credit. Title—Crown grant. T. Robertson, 84 Little Bourke-street. 340 oct 8 COUNTRY HOTEL, or Gentlemen's Resi- dence.—For Sale, a superior Wooden House, of fourteen apartments, with attics, of elegant design and finish, suitable either for an up-country hotel or gentleman's resi- dence. Plans and all particulars at the Car- ron Timber- yard, 72 Flinders-lane east. 277 CANDLEMAKERS, &c.;, are informed that the Kyneton Candle Works are on Sale, by private contract, with Morgan's Patent Machine, and every requisite for carrying on an extensive trade. Apply to Mr. M'Burnie, Messrs. Bennett and Taylor's, adjoining Bank of New South Wales, Collins-street west ; cu- Mr. Yates, on the premises._128 oct 9 FOR Sale, the best Stand on Ballaarat, now occupied as a Drapery and Outfitting Establishment. Address B. H., Ballaarat ; or 'j'1!.?,'.'. Bennett.UO Bourke Mut' l , li j oi t1) Houses and Land for Sale i DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.-For Sale, the well-known Somerton Inn, Sydney road, thirteen miles from town. It contains fifteen ¡ooms, with out-buildingsaiidcapacious stables. Garden of one acre, and stock-yards for 1000 head of cattle. 24 acres of land in cultivation attached to the property. It is leased for five j'cars at £500 per annum. A. E. WHEATLEY, 60 Queen-street. 02 FOR Sale, an Old-Established Lemonade and Gingerbeer Business ; plant in first rate condition. The premises were built ex- pressly for the trade, and will be let at a low, rental. Apply to HOPE and KING, Staffordshire House, corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets. Terms, Cash. 95 oct 18 FOR Sale, the Rob Roy Hotel, and several properties opposite. We can offer those properties at a really moderate figure, and those who wish to make firet-ratc invest- ments would do well to call. Nelson and Co., 9 Swanston-street. 144 FOR Sale, Twenty-five Good Agricultural Farms, on the River Plenty, about three miles below Yan Yean Reservoir, to be sold by auction by the undersigned at the Bridge Inn, River Plenty, on Monday, 8th inst., at one o'clock. P. DAVIS and CO., City Mart, Collins-street. Full particulars and lithographic plans can be obtained on application at the mart. 1104 oct 8 FOR Sale, very cheap, Genteel Freehold Residence, opposite Murphy's Paddock, Gardiner's Creek-road, containing six rooms, also stable and coach-house, all substantially built of brick. Mr. Gledhill, 74 Queen-street. 131 oct 9 F OR Sale, a bargain, No. 15 Shop, Eastern Market, Bourke-street. Price £25. 80 oct 8 FOR Sale, a Roadside Inn at Rosebrook within two miles of Port Fairy, at present let on a lease terminating in May next. The house, known as the Bridge Inn, contains twenty-seven good rooms, with suit- able outhouses, a good garden, a five-stall stable, and two loose boxes, together with forty acres of freehold land and forty-five acres of leasehold, having fifteen years to run, at the low rent of £10 per annum. There is a Three-roomed Cottage on the land, let for £12 per annum. To anj'one wishing to combine farming with the lucrative business of innkeeper, this is a chance rarely to be met with. For particulars apply to W. M. BELL and CO., Gipps-street, Belfast, Port Fairy. 1008 c alt HAWTHORNE.—For Sale, a very excellent Allotment near the Church. J. Ford seedsman, 67 Creswick-street, Hawthorne. 67 TWO Rich Quartz Claims for Sale, cheap, on the noted Simmons's Reef, Mount Blackwood, a few claims north of the crown. This presents a rare opportunity for a speedy fortune. Application immediately by letter,. &c;, to S. Q., 6 Kyte's-buildings, Collingwood. ' ' 222 TO Bakers.—For Sale, the Goodwill of a Baking Business, with Utensils, &c;, doing twenty five sacks a week, in a first rate locality in town. Apply D. Cameron, Vic- toria-street, Stephen- street. _350 IMPORTANT to Merchants, Professional Gentlemen, Agriculturists, Graziers, Mar- et Gardeners, and others. The well-selected and very valuable Subur- ban and Country Properties, belonging to Mr Walter Craig, who intends returning to Eng- land about January next, will be sold by Private Contract by the Undersigned, viz. ;— Lot 1. A very valuable farm, of forty-five acres ; on the boundary of the Nunawading and Poroondara parishes, seven miles from town, fenced in, and part under cultivation, with a good house and garden of three acres, well stocked with fruit trees, vines, &c.; Lot 2. 406 acres in the parish of Berwick, near Dandenong, fine agricultural and grazing land. Lot 3. 20 acres adjoining the township of Dande- nong, on the Western Port Road, very fine land, and next the property of William Pen- der, Esq. Lot 4. 78 aores in the parish of Corinella, Western Port Coal-fields. Lot 5. 1½ acres in Sweet Hope, Brunswick, one mile from the city boundary, on the Great Sydney Road. Lot 6. 100 acres in the parish of Tarrneitt, sixteen miles from town, and near the river Werri- bee. Lot 7. About 80 acres at Footscray (Hobb's Pad- dock) at the junction of the Saltwater and Yarra Yarra rivers, and intersected by the Melbourne, Williamstown, and Geelong Rail- way (in lots to suit). Lot 8. 100 acres on the Mount Alexander Road, seventeen miles from town, adjoining Mr. Butty's pre-emptive right, and the estate of Daniel Cooper, Esq. Lot 9. 390 acres near the township of Frankstone, on tho three-chain wide road to the Heads, good land, well watered, and timbered. Lot 10. 1¼ acres on the Sydney Road, half a mile from the Brunswick Toll-bar, with a splendid bluestone quarry. Lot 11. 160 acres in Cranbourne parish. Lot 12. 102 acres in Cranbourne parish. Lot 13. 20 acres of fine land on the Ballaarat and Mount Blackwood roads, twelve miles from town. Lot 14. 32 acres on the same road, eleven miles from town. Also, Several lots in Footscray and other town- ships. Titles to the whole of the properties in the hands of John Bell, Esq., solicitor, 97 Swan- ston-street. Terms will be liberal, and the deeds will be signed immediately and lodged in the solici- tor's hands until the amount of the. îmroluwe money is paid. Parties in want of first-class property ought not to loso tho chance of the present tpvortunity, as the whole will bo sold cheap and on easy terms, Mr. Craig being positively about to leave for England in January next. For plans and other particulars apply to CRAIG and O'GRADY, 29 Collins-street west. 1026 oct 12 SPLENDID Opportunity—To Blacksmiths and Wheelwrights wishing to carry on an extensive and lucrative business.—PETER HOEY, being about to retire from business, will dispose of his Establishment, the oldest one in the line at Belfast, and to which is attached an extensive connexion. To persons wishing to commence business in this line such an opportunity is rarely to be met with. The lease is for an unexpired term of 12 years : rent free. The wheelwrights' shop is large enough to build two bullock-drays. The smiths' jobbing shop is 33 feet by 20 feet, and contains 2 benches, with vyces, and 2 sets of tools. The shoeing shop is 30 feet by 14 foot, and there is a complete set of tools. The yard has a front- age of 85 feet, and is 170 links in length, with a good hut for men to sleep in. There is an excellent three-roomed Cottage and Gardon, with a well of first- rate water. Also a splendid assortment of Sydney tim- ber for building drays, and a few thousand Sydney iron-bark spokes. All the stock and tools are be taken at a valuation. The establishment will be let at a yearly rental, or the interest therein will be sold. For further particulars apply to Mr. W. STEVENS, Melbourne ; orP. HOEY, on the premises, 1026 c TO Hairdressers,—An established Business for Sale on best part of the Main-road, Ballaarat. Apply Luhning and Mestern's, to- bacconists, Red-hill Flat._1184 oct 8 TWO Two-Roomed Houses for Salo in Rich- mond. Law, Gordon, and Co.,scoelsmeii, Swaiiston-stroeit. _]35 oct 0 ^ TWO Two-roomed Houses for'Salo in Rich- mond. Law, Gordon, and Co., seedsmen, | í-wanston-streot. 37 oct 12 VALUABLE BUILDING SITES for Ma- rine Residences, having a depth of 520 feet, with frontages of 00 and 72 feet to tho Grand Esplanade and Bay, Brighton. Litho- graphic Plans and full particulars at W. M. BENNENT and CU.'K. al whoso ¡motion ]( urns I ho pro i-rty will hu i.obl "li i-ltmlvy thw 8th ul'Oí'tolmr, 18ÜÖ. ¡UÙJ uet 4 Houses and Land for Bale. WOODEN HOUSES, Three and Five Rooms, English make, and guaranteed complete. J. Nightingale Alexander, Queen street south._281 nov 4 250 FARMS for Sale, from five acres upwards, and from three to twenty miles from Melbourne, at 103 Elizabeth street. 140 o-° Amusements. COPPIN'S OLYMPIC, Another Grand Shakesperian Production. G. V. Brooke at Reduced Prices. Boxes, ^ 5s.; Stalls,'4s.; Pit, 2s. 6d. Reserved Scats in centre, with chnirs and private'boxes, in which ladies and gcntlo menare expected to appear in dicss, 7s. 6d. "King John " at Coppin's Olympic. As andiistorical picture, King John is wou dcifullytruc. What a Gothic giandeur runs through" the whole of these scones ! We seo the men of six centuries ago as thoy played flic game of their personal ambition-now swearing hollow friendships, now breathing their stern denunciations, now affecting c ompnssion for the weak and suffering, now breaking faith with the mother and orphan, now " Gone io be married-gone to swear a peace, now keeping.the feast with "slaughter'd men," noiv trembling at, now braving, the denunciations of spiritual power, and agree- ing in nothing but to bend " their sharpest deeds of malice" on unoffending citizens, unless the citizens havo some "commodity" to offer which shall draw them " To a most base and vile-concluded peace." With what skill has Shakespeare, whilst he thus painted the spirit of the chivalrous times -lofty in woids, but sordid in acts-given us n lunning commentary, which interprets the whole, in the sarcasms of Faulconbridge. I But amidst tho clatter of conventional dig- nity which we find in the speeches of John, Philip, Lewis, and Austria, the real dignity of slrong natural affections rises over the pomp and circumstance of royal ambition with a force of contrast little less than sublime. 'Hie maternal tenor and anguish of Con Fiance now become the prominent objects ; and the rival kings, the haughty pi elates, tho iicicc knights, the yielding citizens, appoac but as puppets, moved by destiny to force on the bitter sorrows of that broken-hearted mother. The remembrance of Constance can never be separated from the after-scenes in which Arthur appears, and, at the very last, when the poison has done its work upon the guilty king, we can scaicely help believing that tho Fpirit of Constance hovers over bim, and that the echo of the mother's cries is even moro and ' _._ _ the north " can comfort with cold." By the magic of the poet, the interval of foin teen years between the death of Arthur and the death of John is annihilated. Causes and consequences, separated in the proper history by long digressions and tedious epi- sodes, aro biought together. The death of Arthur, and the events which marked the lost tay of John, were separated by time, over only which the poet leaps. In the chronicles i\ e have the manifold changes of fortune in the life of John, after Arthur of Brittany has fallen; in Sluikspcarc, Arthur is at onco avenged. In the production of "Macbeth" at this ^tcatre, an attempt has been made to tran«; fu as far as possible, to the stage, a living and pictorial embodiment of the past. "King John " affords a new epoch, distinct from the foiegoing ; and pains have been iaken to give proper scenic and dccoiativo effect to this most busy and eventful chapter of our i nnals. Cn MONDAY and WEDNESDAY Evenings, October 8th and 10th, 1855, W11 be produced, under the direction of Mi\ R. Youngc, with new scenery by Mr. Wm. Pitt, properties by Mr. Brogden, dresses by Mr. Matthews and as- sistants, Shakspearc's historical tragedy of KING JOHN. Philip Faulconbridge (half-brother to Robert Faulconbridge, bastard son to Richard 1st) ... Mr. G. V. Brooke. To conclude with the laughable farce of THE MIDDY ASHORE. 1254 ASSEMBLY ROOM, Lincoln Inn, Cardi- gan-street, North Melbourne-Mr. Bur-- gess's Quadrille Assembly This Evening. Ad- mission 2s._286 BRUNSWICK HOTEL BILLIARD TA- BLES, Collingwood.—A Grand Match is to take place on these Tables on Tuesday and Wednesday next. The amateurs of this de- lightful exercise are respectfully informed that Poule is resumed again by a select party every evening, the splendid light given by the new lamps being truly wonderful._252 BALLAARAT.-Where shall wo meet ou-. Friends? At Paltzer's Casino, of course Everybody goes there. 73 oct 29 BALLAARAT Charlie Napier Hotel, Paltzer's Casino, Open every Evening at Eight. _72 oct 29 GOLDEN GATE HOTEL, Emerald Hill -A Select Quadrille Tarty, every Mon- day Evening, half-past eight. Witton's.Band. ?_6 oct 9 DEERING'S Theatre for the People, This Evening,-Ocean Raft; or, The Lost; ship. And, I'll be Your Second. Boxes, 2s. ; Pit, Is. ; Gallery, 6d._051 oct 9 DRAUGHTS. - All Draught Players aro respectfully requested to Assemble at Uie Argus notol, This Evening, at Eight o'clock.-W. L. Kelly._230_ DANCING.—The Assembly will take place at Mr. Lloyd's Guildhall, 189 Swanston i-trcot, on Wednesday._345 oct 10 DANCING Assembly Tuesday Evening, conducted by Mr. Lloyd, at the Napo li on the Third Hotel, Emerald Hill. _344 oct 9 ANCÍÑGv^Mr. Lloyd's Tuition Class This Evening, at the Guildhall, 189 Swanston-street._ 843, XH1BITI0N BALL.-Fancy Costumes j on hire for Ladies and Gcntlömon. Ap i y at Mazeppa Hotel, next Astloy's. J ' ' 309 oct 13 JUNCTTON HOTEL, St. Kilda. —The TYROLESE MINSTRELS, from Coppin St lympic, will give a Musical Entertainment at the above place on Monday Evening, Oct. 8\. Grand selection of National Airs, as given beforo her Majesty the Queen and all the nobility of England. Fi ont seats, 5s.; back scats, 2s. 6d. Children and schools half-price to front scats. Doora open at Half-past Seven; to'commcnce at Eight oelock. The Tyrolese Minstrels will give a Concert at the Mechanics' Institute, Prahran, on Thursday next, and at the Mechanics', Mol hourne, on Friday next._12531 MR. DENNING'S MONDAY EVENING QUADRILLE ASSEMBLIES, Pro- testant Hall.-Intimation was given a short time since, of the intention to discontinuo the Publie Assemblies and to mergo them into Subscription Meetings, in consequonca ofthcculpabL conduct of certain gentlomon in having recently intioduced objectionable) females. It'has now beeome imperativo t'.î adopt an exclusive modo of admission ; and in future, no lady visitors will on any account be admitted but by presenting a card with Mr. Dcnning's signature thereon. It is there fmo necessary that those Ladies attending the Assembly (being the members of respect- able families) should apply immediately to Mr. Denning for the admission card, Tho pit sent opportunity is taken to rcmonstiata against tho Casino stylo of dancing practised 1 y a few gentlemen visitors. The exaggera- tion alluded to is, in fact not dancing, and a i-tvle never taught bj' a respectable professor. 'I ]ip Rummer tuition classes aro now forming at tlio Hall; at Mr. Gioves's academy, 100 Cuccn-street ; and at Miss Osmond's school, Victoria-parade. Notice.-Tho great resiiectabiltty of tin» iiltenelanco at the bull, at, tho Collingwood Assembly nail on the 2nd instant, has in duiTci Mr. Denning (in compliance with the willies of many ladies and gentlemen) to m i ounce a Monthly Select Quadrille Assomblv, } luther particulars in duocouisc. Communications to bo addressed to Messrs.. Wood, Swan Hotel, Gertrude-ntrcct. 243 THE Star Luciannus Longishanous, un- noticed in Hershell's Constellations, is visible at Mooneys riclion.il Hotel tonight. ..-'*. 73 oct 8. Amusements. S FULL DRESS BALL (under distinguished patronage) in Aid of the Building Fund in St. Francis's Hall, Elizabeth- street, This ' Evening. Dancing to commence at Eight o'clock. By permission of Colonel Valiant the Band of the 40th Regiment will be in attendance. Tickets to be had at tho nail, ov of the stewards, Hit-hard Harney, 196 Elizabeth- street; James George, Victoria-parade ; Aichibald Chisholm, 2C8 Elizabeth- street ; and of Henry Byrne, La Trobe-strcet, cast. 2-16 SALLE DE VALENTINO Immense Attraction. NEW ENGAGEMENTS, On this Evening, wi|l be presented to thol public the first of a series of Entertainments, ( t mprising Solo Performances, Singing, and Dancing. The Band has been remodelled,! and several distinguished Artistes have been* rdded. An entire selection of the Newest! Music from tho old country has been pro dircd, and every exertion made to render thel SALLE DE VALENTINO the plcnsontest as well as cheapest rendezvous in Melbourne. On this Evening, the Entertainments will consist of a Grand Instrumental Concert, (See hand-bills.) Comic Song, Mr. Newman, (the best Comic Singer in the Colony.) Sentimental Song, Mr. Barry. Clog Dance, Mr. F. George (as danced by him for fifty consecutive nights in the Theatre Royal, Dublin). Grand Comic Song and Scena, Mr. Newman. Dancing at Nine o'clock. Mr. T. Williams, Master of the Ceremonies. Open at Eight. Admission, One Shilling. 310 THEATRE ROYAL. Greatest Success of any Piece ever produced at this Theatre! Triumphant and Enthusiastic Reception by Crowded Houses to witness the GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE SEASON, Hie New and Original Operatic and Ro- mantic Burlesque Extravaganza, written ex- pressly for this Theatre by W. M. Akhurst, Esq., Author of "Rolla of Ours," "Quite Co- lonial," &c;, With all the New and Gorgeous Scenery, Ap propriate Costumes, Extraordinary Mecha- nical Effects and Magical Transformations, on a Scale of Splendor never before wit- nessed in any Theatre in the Australian Colonies. This Evening, I MONDAY, 8th OCTOBER, . I The Performances will commence with a New and Original Burlesque Extravaganza, in Two Acts, entitled, , THE MIRROR OF BEAUTY: . Or, Little Snow-White and the Seven Dwarfs. To be followed with the admired Burletta of DELICATE GROUND. Citizen Sang Froid (a Republican).. } Mr. H. N. Warner. Alphonse de Grandici, (a Proscribed Royalist).. }Mr. Russell. Pauline (the Citizen s Wife) ... Mrs. C. Poole. The whole to conclude with the Laughable Farce COUSIN CHERRY! Cousin Cherry ... Mrs. Brougham. . ' Grand Ballet, In active preparation, with entirely New and Extensive Scenery, Mechanical Effects anti Magical Transformations, the Grand Ballet entitled, LA GISELLE; Or, the Phantom Night Dancers. Supported by a full and well-trained Ballet Troupe. Grand Opera! The eminent Prima Donna MISS CATHERINE HAYES Will shortly have the honor of making her appearance in first-class Opera, supported by Artistes of Celebrity', and a powerful and efficient Chorus. 335 THEATRE ROYAL, Bourke-street. Grand Ballet. Young Ladies for the Corps de Ballet. Twenty Young Ladies Wanted for the Corps de Ballet. Immediate application to be made at the Theatre, between eleven and one, to Signor Carandini, Ballet Master. 836 FAWCETT and RAMSAY having arrived will produce their Novel Entertainment next Monday, at the Mechanics' Institution, 65 oct 10 6 6 TT NOW TITYSELFi" -Call on the XS- Phrenologist, Sohier, 182 Bourke sf reet cast. Charge, 6s. 294 oct 12 NOTICE.-Mr. Burgess's Tuesday Evening Assembly is Removed from Ayrshire H otel to the North Star Hotel. 287 MEET mc To-Night at the Quccnsborry Hotel, Madeline-street,-Nelson Presides. Don't forget at Eight. 57 oct l8 HP HE best Songs and tho best Grog, at tire JL Qucensbcrry notel. Admission free, h'ing your friends. 59 oct 13 WHERE can you-best enjoy yourself"? At the Quccnsbcriy Hotel Concert Rooms. Admission free. Come early. ; 68 oct 13 WHERE can we hear Nelson? At tlio Quccnsberi-y. Come and hear him on l'ip pine sticks._GO oct 13 " HERE shniTwc meet our Friends ? At Paltzcr's Casino, Of course. Everybody goes there*. 73 oct 2Ü W Entire Horse. THE Entire Draught Horse Royal Charlie, will stand this season at Mr. Crowe's Farm, Mount Yuroke. All mares intended for the service of this horse will be received at Mr. George Williamson's Paddock, five miles north of Broadmeadows, on the Kil- more road. This paddock contains 1000 acres of rich pasture, securely fenced and well watered, where every care will be taken of the mares, but without rcsponsibility. Royal Charlie (awarded the gold medal at the exhibition of stock in Melbourne last year) is a dark dapple grey, stands 17 hands high, with strong bone, great action, and ex- ceedingly quiet temper. He was got by that celebrated horse Farmers' Favorite, from a mare got by Duncan Grey, and imported from Van Diemen's Land. Terms :—Six Guineas each mare when stinted, and all mares remaining in Mr. Wil- liamson's paddock after will be charged six shillings per week. 85 mon th oct 20 Lost or Found. BOAT Found. If not claimed within Seven Days will be Sold to pay ex- penses. Apply to Henry Scott, Fishermen's Bond._,_ 41 oct 9 DOG Lost.-Small Terrier Puppy, cut ears short tail, name Blackio. Whoever w11 ijiing bim to Mr. Heath, Buck's Hoad, Con- dell street, Collingwood, will be rewarded. FOUND, a Portemonnaie. Apply to Turn- bull Brothers, 85 Little Bourke-street west. , , , , 340 J TUVE POUNDS REWARD.-Stolon from ; East Ballon, on tho 20th Seplombor, a Biown Mine, TB on the near ribs, O near hi milkier. Information to M. Mayne, 101 Elizabeth-street, Melbourne; or, Mr. Palmor, bloiekceper, East Ballan._ 47 oct 9 FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Stolen or Strayed on or about the 10th August, 1855, a Bay Mare, branded N over DD off shoulder, white star on forehead, and near side of nose white, near hind foot white, switch tail. Any person leaving the horse at Mr. SAWALL'S, Old Eureka, Little Bendigo Inn, shall receive the above Reward. 1280 oct 12 wk FOUND a Large Black and White Goat. The owner can have it by applying to J. Ross, Custom House Shed, No. 1, on the Wharf. FOUND Skye Terrier. If not claimed in three days, will be sold to defray ex- penses. Beach-hill Cottage, Emerald Hill. 35 FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Stolen from East Ballan, on the29th September, 1855, a Bay Mare, branded J C near shoulder, On ar nick. Information to Mr. Mayne, 104 IOU/a leth-sluvt, Melbourne, or Mr. l'alnuT, IO s. .?. i] li!, ii, i.tm-ülit'"P^N - ' .., ,,. ! 42 oct J lost and Fonxd: FIVE POUNDS REWARD.—Lost a Gold Ring, with Hair Circlet, between Collins street and St. Kilda, through the Paddock Apply Mr. Leavitt, 112 Collins-street west, ,,_229 oct 1Q> LOST Cream-colored Bitch, half New- foundland and sheep dog. The finder will be handsomely rewarded at Mr. Pearson's, 1 Neave's-buildings, Collins-street. 184 T OST between Richmond and Brunswick I 1 street, a Silver Brooch. Reward bjr Wymond and Vesey, Brunswick-street. 174 LOST, on the evening of the 4th inst., a, 'Young Black and Tan Rough-haired Terrier Dog, answers to the name of Tom. Anyone bringing him to the fifth house in. St. David-street, from Smith- street, CoUingi wood, will be rewarded. 030 oct 8. LORT, on Monday night, 24th September, from the Gap Inn, Bcndigo-road, aChes i.ut Mare, branded H on the back ; also, « Bny Mare, branded B on uear shoulder, anel AE on off shoulder. Any person bringing; fhem to Schcrff and Co., 137 Bourke-street west, shall receive Five Pounds Rcwarel foe each._835 oct 9 LOST on 6th inst., a Black Spaniel Dog with long ears and cut tail ; answers to the name of Prince. A reward will be given to anyone bringing him to Mr. Gar- rick, 151 Collins-street cast. Any person detaining him after this notice will be pro- secuted._393 LOST, a Small Dun-colored Terrier Dog, on Friday last. Any person returning it to 21 Howard-street, North Melbourno, opposite thq' North Star Hotel, shall be re warded:_818 STRAYED, from Noah's Ark Stables, on Sunday, the 30th September, One Bay Colt, branded D near shoulder, long tail, stac In forehead. £3 Reward will be given for his lecovcry. John Meyer, Noah's Ark Stables, North Melbourne._48 oct 9 TEN -POUNDS REWARD.-Lost between Melbourne and Kilmore, on Friday, 5tb) October, a Pocketbook, containing one iive 1 c-und note and other papers of no value to any person but the owner. Any person find- ing the same and bringing it to Mr. Patrick Ncylan's, Farmers' Arms Hotel, Svvanston shect, or to Mr. John Gleeson, Hunters' Rest, Fyrlncy-road, will receive the above Reward, _[_158 oct 11 TWO POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or Strayed from Lower Dandenong-road, about two weeks past, a Dark Iron Grey Filly, branded H on near shoulder, white blaze down the face. The above will be given upon information-loading to rccovery, by applying io Jacob Cornell, at the Malvern Hill Hotel, Gardiner's Creek-road. TEN POUNDS REWARD. - Stolen or Straydd from near the Dandenong 1 ound, about fifteen months ago, a Chesniib ( olt, star on face, one white foot, branded W i car shoulder. Also, a Black Filly, two hind feet white. Wave down face, branded W near shoulder. Whoever will bring the some to WILLIAM! WILSON, Brighton, or WILLIAM WILSON, Bciwick, will receive the above Reward, WM. WILSON._14? TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or strayed from Woodend, about tim Vi li September last, the following Horses: 1 Black Mare, biandcd TB offhhoulder 1 White Mare, bratided T near shoulder m 1 Bay Hoisc, branded PC oil shoulder. £20 Rewaid will be paid on conviction of ihc party, if stolen ; or £10 on delivery of the same to Mr. M'KENZIE, the London and, Liverpool Arms. Woodend. 9 oct 12 wk TO Poundkcepers and Others.-Stolen or strayed from Brighton, a Chestnut Cob Hoise, bianded E on near shoulder, white hind foot, and white stripe down face. £1 Reward will -be paid on delivery, if strayed, lit the Devonshire Arms, Brighton ; and £5 if: stolen on conviction. JOHN HENDER. 55 mon th wk oct 30 -Miscellaneous CARRON TIMBER-YARD. 72 Flinders lane and 65 Flinders-street east. On. Sale Baltic deals and battens, cut and uncut Hardwood and deal quartering, battens' and joists Shingles, Hobart Town and American Palings, 6 and 6 feet Teak and Kauri beams, and story posts Fcather-cdgcd deal boards, unpinned Do. do., and pino do., planed and beaded Flooring boaids, Scotch, 6 x 'i, 6 x 1, and Ox li Do. do., American, 1 and 1} inch Pine, carpenters' clear,4 to 2 inch Pitch pine, planed, grooved, and tongued Skirting boards, 7 arid 9 inch Architrave mouldings, 1 to 3 inch Architraves Sashes, English and American, with and without frames Doors, do. do. Casements, English and colonial Mantelpieces, in marble and cedar Sydney cedar, i to 8 inch Do. do., turned work Heads lime, roach and slacked Plaster and cement, wai ranted Cowhair and lath, colonial, Baltic, and American Sheet zinc, 10 to 12 gauge Sheet lead, 4 to 7 lbs., cut to order Corrugated galvanised iion, 24 gauge _ Metal, zinc, and galvanised iron spouting, with fixtuies Metal skylights and frames, patent Zinc sashes Solder Galvanised iron tiles . Slates, slating battens, and slating nail*. Laddeis, 10 to 80 feet Iron-bark spokes Red and flooded gum felloes Boxwood naves, 10 to 14 indi Hardwood boaids Axles, rough and finished Iron, assorted sizes f Wheel shoeing plate Oak plank ' Shafts Smithy coals Glass and putty ' Paperhangings Paints, oils, and white lead , Ironmongery, assorted Bricks, firo and common Fireclay Ventilating hi icks Paving tiles, various sizes and colors Flagging, Caithness Hearths, polished ^ Granite suis, anti uasc-course Sewerage pipes, with bonds, vitrified' ? Water-sinks (terra cotta) Chimney cans Iron columns, for stores and shops Metal mangers Iron gates, field and carriego, with pillars Balcony railings Masons' tools Ploughs Drays, horse and bullock Wheel and hand barrows Cart weighing-machincB English coals. Contracts entered into for asphalting ot stores, cellars, and footways. ALEXANDER OAIRNSand CO. 284 oct 11" CARLISLE and SONS, Paisley.-The uti tlersigned aro appointed agents for their celebrated Threads, and havo now landed 10 i uses of 100,200, and 300 yards reels. Dovas Routlcdgo, and Co., 88 Bourke-street west. ._162 oct l8 DANDENONG PADDOCK, adjoining tho township of Dandenong, twenty miles, from Melbourne. Horses and bullocks w11! 1 e received. N.B.-Alfred and Joseph Haynes, who can bo seen every day at Row's sala yards, will sond stock to the paddock. _, 107oot27_ GRUNDY and COOKE, Accountants, Ar- bitrators, and Estato Agents.-Mer- chants' und Tradesmen's Books Posted and Balanced, Insolvents' Schedules l'roparoel, Partnerships Dissolved and DilTerences Arbi- trated, Landed Entâtes and otlior properties Valued, Sold, or Managed. 65 Littlo Collins Htieot east, opposite tho Police Office. _'_154 oct 13 el & wk_ mo Inventors. - An Agent Offers Office» JL Accommodation and his Sorvices. 3 Commercial-chambers, opposite Bank "Vic- toria. 121^ Printed and published by Epwaud WimoS and Lachlan Mackinnon, Piopriotors, a< the Annus Oflli'o, Collins-street east, Mel« bourne. 