New Advertisements. LARGE Shop, double front, with two rooms, to let, back of Asylum. Queensberry Street, North Melbourne. 24 mar 22 OFFICES t0 Let cheap. Central situation. 84 Bourke-street east. 143 SIX-ROOMED House to Let, in Cardigan-street near Supreme Court. Apply 1 Flinders-lane west . 329 SMITHS, Wheelwrights, &c.; — Premises to be Let, doing a good trade, with or without stock; rent low. Apply T. Robinson and Co., corner of King and La Trobe streets. 513 STABLES, Yards, and Cottage to Let rear of Bakers' Arms Hotel, opposite Post Office. John Paterson. 255 SIX-ROOMED House to Let, No. 125 Flinders lane east. Rent moderate. Apply Mr. J. Car- sons, 39 Collins-street. 72 TO Let, 206 Rusaell-street. Apply at 87 Little Bourke-street east. 515 TO Let, Three Rooms, Apply 221 Lonsdale street east. 454 TWO Private Rooms to Let, with Board. Family musical; situation desirable. Apply Har- ridge, chemist, Willlam strceet. 457 TO Let, in Bourke-street, a Shop, with Dwelling House attached. Rent moderate. Apply Mr. Frencham, Original Scottish Hotel, Bourke-street east. 529 TO Let, a House and Shop, with four rooms and detached Bakehouse, in Fitzroy-street, Col- lingwood. Inquire at the Devonshire Arms, next door. 546 mar 23 TO Let, in Flinders-lane, near the Wharf, a capacious Stone Store, large Yard, with Sheds, Stabling, and other conveniences. The Store and Yard will contain 2000 tons of goods. A.E. Wheat- ley, corner of Market square. 442 TO Drapers.—To Let, a first Shop, with new fit- tings; rent moderate. Apply at Waterloo House, Gertrude-street, Collingwood. 483 TO Let, First rate Shops in the best business street in Collingwood. Apply to W. Wood. Swan Hotel. TO Saddlers.—To Let, a first-rate Shop in the best postion in Gertrude-street, Colling- wood. Apply to W. Wood, Swan Hotel. 485 TO Hay nnd Corn Merchants.—To Let, a Shop in a first-rate situation ior this business. Ap- ply to W. Wood, Swan Hotel, Gertrude-street. _432 TO Let, Comfortable Three-roomed Stones Houses. Rent low. Opposite Empire Hotel, Errol-street, North Melbourne._ 234 TO Let, at Simpson's Road, Richmond, a Six- roomed House, in three divisions, to suit seperate parties. Rent very low. Apply Bakers' Arms Hotel, Elizabeth- street._ 250 TO Let. with immediate possession, one of the most commanding positions in Melbourne, fer a term of thirteen years. For particulars ap. ply to T, Gibbs, auctioneer, Little Collins-sfrcetJ _ 200 TO Let, Shop and Bakehouse, &c.;, with dwell- ing-house, Bendigo-street, North Melbourne. Apply on the premíeles. _ 171 TO Let, a Bakohouso and Fittings, Apply to JL M. Al'Loan, 11 Bwanston-etteet. 138 mar 27 TO Let, a Four-roomed Cottage, No. 194 La Trobe-street cast. Inquire at 149 Little lonBdale-street east. _ 30 TO Let, a Commodious Four-roomed House, off Bourke.strest cast. Inquire Scottish Hotel, Bourke-street. 75 TO Let, on the Yarra, Three and Four Room .'ii Ilouaos. Rent moderate. Apply Mr. Exley, Hawthorne Bridga. 07 apl 8 THREE Rooms to Lot, unfurnished. Rent 30s-, per week, 106 Lonsdale-street west, _"_310 mar 23 TO Draymen.-A Four-roomed House, Yard, and Stable, to Let, at Collingwood, Rent can be worked out. Apply Adelaide Auction Rooms. Bourke-street. 22 TO let, the very desirable Place of Business 45 Market-square west, nearly opposite the Bank of New South Wales and the Custom House, late in the occupation of Messrs. Beckx (Consul for Belgium), consisting of two offices, a large brick store and yard room; a cottage, with five rooms, stable and coaoh houso. All let together or separ- ately. Apply to WM. WILLOUGHBY, on the pre- mises. 04 apl 4 TO Let, splendid stabling in the City; also one room with fire-place, adjoining; also Three Two-roomed Wooden Cottages, situate at North Melbourne, £1 weekly. Apply to Mr. Gledhill. 74 Queen-street. 186 FOR Sale - Day's Puddling-Machine - the best imported. Inquire at M'Kay, chemist, Neaves-buildings. 493 J? OR Sale, at Kensington, near the íesidence of Messrs. Watson and White, an Unfinished Genteel Residence, containing seven roomB, stable, nnd other outbuildings. The proprietor would jigree to finish the promises, it required. Anv pentleman- requiring a healthy villa, having "n loautiful view and only two miles from town, will dowell to inspeottlio above. Terms liberal. Ap. jply to Mr. Wiu, Luok, on tho premises, _123 mon wed mar 23 "¡TOR Sale, a Mare, guaranteed staunch in light JL' or heavy harness, quiet in saddle, gwiin trotter ; together with a new Dog Cart anti o«.».». mounted »«..."»»» ' '. \- __..,. ^iKewiso Household" Furni luie oi the best description. Any gentleman Wishing to furnish his house completoly, will ¡ina this a rare bargain, with little trcuble. Fine laying Hens, Ducks, and genuine Coohin China Fowls. ltailway'Hotol, Swanston-sticet 150 ÎOR Bale, a Splendid Bpotted Bengal Hunting She Leopard, measures irom ncso to end of tail, 0 feet 4 inohes; age 0 moathB ; and a ho and Bho Monkey. Without reserve. May be seen and full particulars had at the Liverpool Fish Compa- ny's, 10 Bourko-Bticet. _174 IFOR Said, ft great bargain, Largo Store, Eastern J? Marl.et. Apply Mr. Watt., Natal Daning Itcoms, Eastern Mail.et._ 01 mar 22 OR Sale, Staunch Draught Horse Briol: he use, next door lo tlr. Brown's, butoher, Gore. street, Collipgsvood._ 28 OR Sale, a Tip-Cart. Lilboumc and Anslow'ä bale.yord; or Maunder's, Bourkcbtreet west. 20 F 3?OR Sale, Two Stone Houses, consisting ot two J Rooms eaoh, and a Skillion at the baok of each, situate in Littlo Argyle- street, with 44 it»et irentoge, GO ieet dspth. Apply at the Koohe-ter Castle, Collingwood,_41 mar 22 "U>OR Sale, at tao btoro of tho Undersigned in J} ' Flinders-lane, nn Invoice of Hist class Winter Boots, consisting of Enamolled Napoleons, doublo Boled Wellingtons, Long Thigh, and other Boots. Porter, Buchanan, Lntl Co._221 OR Sale, tho Trade ot a flrit-olaBS Family Hotel, with Furniture, Fixtures, &c;, com. plete, worth abovo a £1000, now doing a first-rate trade, and situate within the city biundary. -The proprietor having other engage- ments, must positively clear out. For terms, A.c., apply to P. AylwiD, 20 King-street, Wharf. ' 205 ITiOR Bale, Land, at Woodend, Ballan, Malahido, J? and Moorabbin. Apply to Mr, Gledhill, 74 Queen-street._18t FOR Sale, a fine Eagle, Wallaby, and Kangaroo, cheap, Wallis, 5 Eastern Market, Bourke ttrcet. _ 472 FOR Bale, Handsome Pony Phaeton, ooraplolo, £30. Hobison, jeweller, 7 Bourke-street. iOR Sale,'a Good Substantial Tent, Blabbed ull j.- round, Ohimney attaohed, situated in a bueinesB stand. Apply to Buchanan, watchmaker, near the Argus ofllce, Ballaarat. 4007 mar 22 F THOR Sale, on excellent Milking Business, wltn JJ 17 Cows, 12 milks. Horse and Cart, Poultry, &o.; Apply E. Chapman, xorlt-street, Emeiald ni*1 " A N-VILS,1 Vyocs. Portable Bellows, Forges. jf\\. Horse Shoos, UoreoNtilB, Files. Harley and Co. King-Btreet, Flagstaff._140 mar 22 VERY, Bupcrior Chesnut Horse tor Sale. James Wateon and Co., Bourke-Btreet west. VERY Handsome Dog Cart for Sale. James Watson and Co., Bourko.6trect we3t. A A BAY Draught Horso and'Dray for Salo. Warranted to 25 cwt. 0 years'old. App.y JO Ilcllioar and Bydes, 35 Fllndcrs-Iano west. A KILNoi Colonial Bricks for Bale, cheap. Mr, Knight, 07 SwonBton-Btroet._180 MERICAN BlB0uits.-50 Tins for Bale, by X. J. Laby, 17 Fllndcra-lano west. 212 APPLES.-500 Bushels primo V. V. Land Apples on Sale. Pigott Brothers and Co., lot Collins-street weat._ 4*1 A MERICAN TEAM WAGGON lor Bale, with all .A. the latcBt improvements, adapted for three or four horses, at Neider and Harvio's, American coach and waggon factory, oorner ol Nicholson and Moore streets, Collingwood._470 AMERICANSTOVES, ohcap. T. Craig, whole. Bale and retail iionmongor, 24 Bourke-stroot east._._Í2i_ ARCHITRAVES, irom 3 to 8 inohes, best in tho colony. Crawley'a saw-mills, Bourke-street weet. 404 M VILS and Vyces for Sale, Apply to Herring X1, and White, ¿5 Flinders-street weBt. 421 RRIVAL of the Black Ball Liner Lightning English Newspaper«, latest dates, wm. Selkirk, Collins street west.' 502 B RUBHWARE on Sale.-A woll asserted In ^J voioc. Laurie, Layton, and Co., Flinders. lane east._;_6" , B"" LUCUEUS, Wellingtons, Half-boota, Hardy's make, at Tootal, browne, and Co.'a, Collins. ftrectwesu_ 350 mer 22 BRAN,-V. D. L , on Hale. William Bayles and Co., 07 Colllns.etroet. >_360 BLCJCKB, Tackle, and Grlndetcne, for Sale. 1 Alfred.place, Collins-street cast. 401 "VJACON on Balo. Fallcnstein and M'Kcchnoy, Jj Bond-street._m "URAN on Bale. Fallenetcin and M'Kechney, H llnnd.ntrf't. 113 TSALTIC FLOORING, 0 x H x 1 and x 5, at Jj» iädiuund WeBtby and Co.'s, 10g New Advertisements. BALTIC FLOORING, 0x14, very cheap. Nixon and Co.'s Timber Yard, Bmith.atteet, Col Ungwood. 95 ¡nar 24 RAN.-New Zealand Bran on Sale by Fallen» atein and M'Kcchney, Bond-street. 103. KICKS, few Thousand fir.-t-rate, for Sale. Saml ;ple at Snowball's limber Yard, Little Collina. Street east. 44 BOOKS Purchased ev.,ry description and oon dltion. Bennett, second-hand bookseller, 125 Little Collins-street ea6t. 208 BUTTER.-On Sale, 75 Firkina Double-rose Cork Butter. E, J. Marah, 20 Flinders-lane west. 224 BLAIR'S Odoriferous Oil Strengthcna and Fro motes the Growth of Hair. 21 Little Bourke etreet east._425 BOWLING ALLEYS lor Sale, a bargain. Craw ley's sav» .mills, Bourke-street west. 405 RAN, 1000 Bu«helB Best Adelaide, at Whlttingl ham Brothers, 91 FUnders-Btreet west. 403 CHILIAN FLOUR on Bale, tho cargo or the Wanga, from Valparaiso, E, F. Sichel and Co., 55 Minders street eaBt. 301 CORNOPEAN and Saxhorn to Sell, oheap. Ap ply twn doora from Wynnstay Arma, ha Trobe Btreett-at.f, sharp. 285 CHEA 1" ann Durable Rooting-Patent Asphalte Felt. Henry Brooks, 13 Stephen.atrecr, near Flinders-street. 310 URKANTS on Sale. Herring and White, *lin dew-atreet weat._422 OOAt.P, English and Colonial, cheap, at Brien's, 43 William street, opposite the vt eigh-bridge. Weateru Market._332 HRIs I'MAS in Merry England. See the nins. tretet London Seas, On Salo by Wm, Scl I kirk, Western Market. 504 COCKATOOS, Canaries] Parróte, Linnets, Thrush, Canary Seed, Rape Seed. 13* Little Collina-stieeteast. 440 OHAFf.CUTTING Machines, improved make. T, Craig, wholesale and retail ironmonger. 24 Bourko-aticot oatt. 476 CHEAP Paperhangings, from Od. per piece. Splendid Viows on Glass. Went and Pilley, opposite Mechanics' InBtitntion._384 CEMENT, in good condition, cheap, at Miller and Macqultitan'e, 101 William-stiect. 373 CHAIN-CABLES on Sale. JFallenetcin and M'Keclincy, Bond-street. 112 COALS for Sale.-For sale, hy the undcrsigned7 2t0 Tons Newcastle Coals, to arrive in a few dajs. 'Eell, Regnard and Co., corner ol William. Street and Col.ini'.strect._134 j C Ililli lor Sores, Scalds, ana Burns.-Holloway's Ointment.-This wonderful ointment will cure tho irost dangerous burne, acnlds, and other Bores; it completely identifiée itßelf with the System, mingling with the blood: it lulls the pain, soothes the irritation, and speedily heals the parts nfTected. Thousands of persons hove been eaved from nn untimely end through this extraordinary salve; tlieretoro ali families ere recommended to keep a supply of it constantly by them. 4021 C" ÖCHIN Fowl EggB for Sale. 118 Bwanston Elreet. _240 ANDI'ES-Candles, Patent Sperm on Sale. G, G. Allan, 40 Flinders-lane west. 202 O_ COLONIAL Feed Oats on Sale. Wood and Co., 50 -linilera.strcet west. 198 Dil A li GI1T~II0RSE.-A powerful otaunch Horse 1 r i ale ¡ used to the roads. Mcssis 1'uncU'd, Hourke Mreec._ 430 BAMSUNS, Pears, Apples, Potatoea, Onions, _ Poultr», ile. 7 Western Market. 413 D OORS and Sashep, with or without FrnmesJ Mi'ler and Mnoquistan, 101 William-ßtrec-t. 370 ENGLISH and American Newspaper Office; luttBt dotes on Sale by Wm. Selkirk, Market, square, opposite Clarenden, 503 LOOKING DOGS, Kimberley's Patent, to SeU. 'i'v.o doois from Wynnstay Anns, La Trobe. Street cast, oharp. ' 2S0 IIIE-URICKS on Sale. John Russell and Co., corner Collins and King Btreets._359 FOR Liute, Land, at Moorabbin, Collingwood, and Boroondara. Apply to Mr. Gledhill, 74 Queen btrett._;_185 FITZROY.SQUARE.-A choice Allotment for fcalo. Robert H. Rogers, arohiteotand sur. veyor, Mechanics Institution Buildings. 15 G OLUU.M _YRUP.-100 Kegs on hand, at A, Holland's, 105 Swanston-atreet. 206 GOULD'S Double-rose Cork Butter.-Fif ty Fir linion Sale at A. Holland's, 105 Bwanston Btreet. . . 207 G ¡¡.RA "ii, Gi^in, Gram. 17s. per cwt,at 40 Bourke, street west. 401 G ¿RAM, Gram, Gram. 13s. per cwt», at -10 Bourka. r Street west. 435 Gils G üR. BEER CORKS, beBt Spanish out, at Fuiitherne and Hanison'a, lil Elizabeth» street. 473 GALVANIC BATTERY forSale, cheap, KiimK 75 Little Bourke'fltreet eaat. Anything ana everytning purohased._ 537 ARDEN SEED3. Garden Seeds. Garden Seeds. Apply 1 Flinders-street weat. í<¡¿ G'^mPI?0.5'-,^ Deat Knglish grit, at Huxley llniiii. ?»--lrkcr " stotL" Bnd Marble-yaid, Little . _-..icct eaat._'_534 ALVAN ISED Iron flourea, One or Two Room?, ior Sale, cheap. 03 William-etreet, _i}_» OPS on Sale by Fallensteln. and M'Kcchnoy, Bond-etrect. 108 * G H« HERRINGS.- Prime Loohfine Heirings, in firkins, now landing. Sloane, Gibton, anti Co, Market street. 487 IT OUSE Si-1 OES lor Sale, all sizes. Miller and Maequistun.lOl William-Btreel._374 H AY-l'unie V. D. Land Oaten, oil s nie. H. W. Pallon and Co., 8 Minoing-lane, Whart. 311 HORSE SHOEING.-Horses Shod with Care; moderate charges. Miller and Macquistan, 101 Williara-ttwU " 375 IRONBARK Spokes ; 2000 for Sale. Miller and Macquii-tan, lol William-street. ? 373 AIL BAGS and Coir Matting for Sale. Herring and While', Flinders-Btreet west. 423, JOINEItb' WORK.-English-made Sashes, with Friims, Lines, and Weights assorted. Eel« mund Westby and Co._'_IOS JOINERo' WORK.-English and American En- trance, Parlor, and Bedroom Doora »"sorted. Edmund Westby and Co. 107 JOINERS' WORK. -English Prepared Mould"' ings and Cornices, lrom 11 to 10. Edmund Westby and Co._163 LAMPS, Chande-liers, 8, IO, and 12-light. F. Har. ley and Co., Kiug-atreot, Flagstaff. 160 mar 22 AMP OILS.-The trade supplied with Buporior dercriptions. Victoria OH Company,, 30 I Swanston-atieet._ 230 AMP OIL, really good. T. Craig, wholesale and retail ironmonger, 21 Bourke-street east. _._ 478 LATEST English Newspapers -All the London Journals on Sale early this morning. 1 Wm. Selkirk, Market-square._ 501 ONSDÏLH-SrREET.-To bo Sold, the Uncx pired Term of Thirteen Years in Onc.Quar ier-Ac.-e, on which Buildings nrc erected topsy the ground rent, leaving an unfinished Etore, on which £20JO lias b°en expended. For particulars, apply to I. Gibba, auctioneer, Little Col .ins Street.._291_ MELUuURNE Daily Paporp, half-price, second day. Halliburton'e City Temperance Hotol, 111 Bouike stieet,_ 111 MILES, KfNGl'ON.and CO. have on Sale,' Car 'ri!i¡;esol tho newest deBigne, made expressly for the colony. Two largo sized Drays complete. 82 King atreet. _230 ÄWRASSUS for the Million, and Furniture in variety. Scotoh and English Manufac- tory, 01 Bourke-street._-_4M m _L^:Hu\\!ey and Parker'sStono-yard, Littlo Col. line-street past, above RuBsell-Btreet._532 ÂITBITK and Slate Mantelpieces, at Huxley and Parker's Marble and tílonc-yarJ, Little Collina-rttcct east._- 533 MALT VlNlieJAR ill Quarter-CaskB, Tootn1, Browne, and Co., 120 Collins, street weat. _>_351 mar 22 MfcLBOUrtNK Circulating Library.-Upwards of üöuu Volumes now classified. 181 bourke. Btreete.i-t. ___VHP MELBOURNE Circulating Library,-Remem- ber the winter ia Inst approaching, and you must have rational amusement. . '_231 [ EL1SOUHNE Circulating Library-Enter, tainnuntol the highest character aflorded by jcinin« tile above Library. Bouike-gtreet'. , i.t '233 MELBOURNE CirculatingLibrury.-AH classes accommodated on very ' liberal terms, i. umber ol' booka conatantly increasing. 283 EL BO URNE Circulating Library.-SubEorip tion, '¿Os. for three months lrom day ol' eutry. Byurtcatrect east._284 NEW 'iip-up Dray, cheap. . John Macleod, aloi)c>ide Parkside Hotel, Fleniington.road, Hu th Melbourne.' '_140 j "VIEW a ol the War.-The Siege of Sebastopol. JLX A complete aummary of English intelligence in tee/AM« A'tira, on gale at all respectable book, sel ere. ' . . ' "l18 u LD l'r.w ny Port, a remarkable Wine. Tootul, Brown, and Co,, 120 Collina.Etrcet weft. 1 348 mar 22 ON Sale, by the Underefgncd, Westphclfan Ham', in splendid< condition. MoUenbaeck, Uhlhorn, and Co., g4 Flinders-lane. , , 445 MONS, ex City of Hobart, pnSale. Whit'tlng« ham mothers, 91 Flindewatreet weat. 400 Al'B, fccototi and V. D. L. on Sale at Whiffing. ham Brothers, 91 Flindcrs-atrect west, corner 01 Mincing-lane.' ' . . . ' ^' . ^ ¿02 ATS, 1000 Bushels prime h'c:tch. Wilahin and Leighton, b7 Flinders lane weat. 150 O u A'Ti.-Pifme Scotch Oats, juet landed, on Salo at Henry Lucaa's, 102 Collins-street, wea,t. New Advertisements. O iAM8.WS?cd °£t3 ?ni BaIc- FaUCEBtein aaj M'Kcchney, Bond-street. 100 N Bale, IS¡Tons first-rate pressed Hay. Apply Miles, Kington, and C»., 82 King-street. O ^TS.-Prime V. D. L. Beed OatB. William Bayles and Co., 97 Collins street. 305 ON 6ale by the undersigned,-30hhdB.brandy, dark and pole, in bond; 5 do. Campbeltown whiskey; 40'0 bushels Sydney bran; sherry and poit, in hhds. and qr..casks. W. Gardiner, 80 Co!. Jin B-street west. 177 ' ON Sale, 4 rosewood cottage pianofortes, 30 cases (1000 gross) Boll and Black's mat. chea, 15 tons Patna rice, 15 do. ling, 4 do. had. docka. Bell and PlniBted, 57 Queen.street. 205 OTATOES, ot first-rate quality. Fallenstein. and M'Keclmoy, Bond-street. 99 j ijlANOFORTE for Sale.-A supeiior Rosewood A Piccolo, 05 octaves, with patent re reatcr action, Ac. Geo. M. Bradshaw, 128.Flin. der8-street weat._ 13 APERUANGINGS, commencing 4d" Car^ tcr's Original Cheap Warehouse, late Carter ind Pelling, corner King ard Lonsdale streets. , _-_10_ OWERFUL Draught Horse for Sale; any trial given. Apply to J. It. Roberts, opposite Mr. J. Lapham's, lander, Little Bourke-Btreet west. _ 385 mar 22 P OTATOES. - Dandenong, Heidelberg, and _ Brown's Hivor, on Bale at^SImpson and Co.'s. growers and importers, Wharf._ 354 POTATOES on Sale. William Bayles and Oo.i 97 Collins-street. ; 3573 PIANOFORTES.-Two very beautiful Inatru. ments on Sale. Laurie, Layton, and Co., Flinders-lnnc east. 539 POTATOES for Bale, the very best in the mar ket, this day, at the Queen's Wharf, just landing ex the Eolus brlgantine._521 OSTS and Rails.-Tho undersigned will deli« ver nny quantity of best V. D. Land Posts and Rails. Patton and Co, 8 Mincing- lane, Wharf. _:_343 POSTS and RailB.-Posts and Hails on Salo. H. W. Patton and Co., Mincing-lanc, Wharf; ._344 PALINGS, in quantities to suit purchasers. II.' W. Patton and Co., 8 Mincing.lane, Wharf. _340 PLOUGHS.-PloughB, Rutland and American. John RuBseU and Co., corner Collins anti KingBtreets._ 380 APERHANGINUS.-Noted Corner, King and LonBdalo strcetB ; Carter's. 3s. Flocks, ara below English manufacturers' prices. 17 PRIME English Cheese, Belmont Sperm Can. dies, Cork Butter, and Irish Lard for Sale. W. Kirk and Co., Swanston-street. 201 mar 2Ï OTATOES.-Ten Tons primo Brown's Iii vee Potatoes on Sale. Pigott Brothers and Co, 114 Coll ins. street west. 44Î PUMPS.-American Pumps. T. .Craig, whole.' Bale and retail ironmonger, 24 Bourke-street east. 477 POTATOES, just landed, in Bplendid condition.' 17s. per Bushel. J. Tankard, Temporáneo Hotel, Lonsdale street. 387 POTATOES, Potatoes, guaranteed EOiind anti free from disease, at Whittingham Brothers, 91 Flinders, si reet. 401 IBSTON PIPPINS, in good condition, 18s. per Bushel. Apply J. Tankard, Lonsdale. Etroot._338 ROPE-Coir and other Ropes cn Sale. FaUen stein and M'Keclmoy, Bond-street. 109 "DICE on Sale. Fallenstein and M'Kechney,' JLii Bond-street._ 110 C TOCK and Furniture of the Royal Mail Hotel,' k3 to be Sold by Tender. 7n Viituo of a Deed of Assignment, made hy MeEerp. Holding and Co. to us, we hereby give notico that the btock nnd Furniture oi the Royal Mail Hotel, Ynrra-ftreet, will be Eold by Tender. Inventory and Furniture to be seen on the pre mlFes. Tenders to bo rent to the undoreigned, who will give every information, on or bfclorc Satur. day, the 21th inst. THOMAS 8HEPPARD, lTr"otD"" - JAMES SCOTT, J-Trustees. Geelong, March 19,1855. 4028 mar 24 SCOTCH Iron Plougli3, best, T. Craig, whole ealo and retail ironmonger, 21 'Bonrke BirectcoEt,_ ' 475 T. JOHN'S Yellow Pine in Logs, Planks, and Boards. Miller and Macquistau, 02Lonsdale street._377 QTKASI ENGINE ior Sale.-A Portable Steam k3 Engine, upon wheels, of Blx horse- power, suitable for pumping, puddling, or quartz crush- ing "machines. Crawley's saw-mnls, Bourke. street west. 406 STALL CASTINGS, Hay Racks, Mangers, Iron Hurdles, Fencing Wire. F. Harley and Co., King-street, Flagstaff. 151 mar 22 SLATES, Duchess, Countess, and Ladies, foe Sale, as Edmund Westby and CO.'B Timber yards,_ l63 SHIPS' SPARS, all sizes, in Kauiie, Irom 85 feet downwards. Edmund Westby and Co.'a 101 ÇJsl'AHB.-New Zealand Spare, various eizes, on ^J Bale by Fallenstein nnd M'Kcchney, Bond. street._._._102 c\HOP FitÖNTö'r-Chanct'a Thick Sheet Window. Ö Glass, oi Bupcricr quality, Í« sizes ot 50 x 32-, ar.d under, and particularly adapted tor shop fronts, as a less expensive ßubetfiutc for Pluto GlnsB. Henry Brooks, 13 Btophen-etreet, near Flindcrs-slrcct._ 314. UPERI03. Whiting, £0 por ton. Henrjr Brooks, 13 Btephen-Btreet south._iii C!EED I'OTATOES, on JSnle, from Dandenong, Ö cheap, at Simpson and Co.'s, growers and im. porters, Wnaif._ 353 ULPHUR1C ACID lor Sale by W. L. M'Kay ' and Co. «tj s s _ SHEEP and Cattle, with Right to Station.-For Bale by privato controct, the Lake Bolaok S'nlion, distant from Geelong ninety-llve miles, capable of carrjing 20,000 sheep and 500 head o{ catllo. There is at present depatturlug on the > station 24,000 to 25,010 sheep, also 500 head of cattle ; about 5000 of the sheep aro fit for the but. cher. Tlie station is well watered by a large laka in the centre of it, known as Lake Bolack, of about 5000 acres The improvements consist of a first, rate dwelling house, sixteen rooms, kitchen, Btore, sheds, coach-house, grass paddock of 400 to.50U acres, post and rail fence, a number of out-stations, huts, and huidles, good wool-shod, every conveni. encc for cure ofecnb, should it bo required, meet, ing place-in faet,evcryconveniencefor conducting alargo station. For terms, which are very liberal, and further paiticulnre, apply to DALMAIIOY CAMPBELL, and CO., 34 Collins-Btreet west._403 n - HE Rights of Labor '.-Cheap Land I-A Letter X on Bounty Immigration, addressed to tho members of the Legislative Council, price 2s. (id. Blater, Williams and Hodgson, 94 Bourke-Btreet ecu._HI THEODOLITE for Sale, Adio's best finished, anti complete, for £50. Messrs. Grice, Sumner, and Co. _127 mar 23 TENT for Sale, 14 x 12, with fire-place. Ore. morne.Btroet, Richmond. Apply Mrs. 'Tay. lor's Btore._ 7S rï\o Picture Pañolera.-For Bale, on view at 82 X King-Btrcet, two first rate copies from workB of the old'masters. Subjects-Rubens' Boys (Rubens); Jupiter and Io (Corregió)._232 TO be Disposed ol', a Store nt the Digfeirgs, with a small Stock, upon unusually favorable terms. Apply to Z,a ofllce of this paper. " _mo mar 22 1N8MITHS» Wire, No. 8, at 10s. per hundred. Hughes, tinsmith, 100 Little Bourke street east._428 TIMBER of all Descriptions on Sale, nt Graw ley's Steam Saw-mills, Bourke-street weet. _410 O Solicitors and Others.-A lot of Office-tablea on Sale, at Chuck's Furnituro Warehouse. _¿08 IO Travellers.-Leather Portmanteaus on Sale, . at Chuck's Furniture Warehouse. , 507 . O Law-WTltcrs.-Bplendid Writing Tables nt Chuck's Furniture Warehouse. 508 T T TO Hotelkeepers.-Colonial and English Furni. turo of every description, cheaper than ever, at Chuck's Warehouse^_500 ri\0 Coal Companies - To bo Sold, by Privato X Contract, from 10O to 500 Acres of Land, con. tcining, at 140 feet deep, the best Bituminous Coal, situate on the Mersey River, Van -Dioman's Land, within one milo ol' the shipping;. Particu lara in full can bo obtained by application to Mr, Nicholson, TatterBoll's Hotel, Lonsdalo. Btreet. _' 522 THEODOLITES, TelOEOopeB, and Levels, on Sale. Hollycck, Britannia chambers, corner of Bourke and Russell streets._? 371 1CTORIA OIL COMPANY deliver their Lamp Oils to any.pait of the City without onarire. w "HEAT on Bale by Fallenstein and.M'Kecu ' n e y, li ond-street, Flinders- street*. 101 "TTi; 1IITBKEAD'S London Export Stout. Si I; f V agency. Ino undersigned aro now, land, ing some or this favorite Beer, es Ivanhoe, Ida, and Francis Ridley, in excoUent condition. Alex. Wileon Nephew and Co., 11 Flinders-street west. 258tmar22 , WHITE-LEAD, in 28.1b. Kegs, Ifs. Od. 84 Colliiu.Btreet, opposite the Mechanics' In- stitution. ' 383 -TO/INUOW GLASS, ex California.-Just re. f f ceived n large assortment ot Chance's Potent Plate, Sheet, Crown, Colored, Stained, Cathedral, Ornamental, and Obecurcd Window Glaes. Henry Brooks, 13 Stephen-street, between Flinders-etreet and Flinders-lnnc.. 313 w milk G on Sale at Tootol, Browne, and Co.'s, 120 Colllns-strcet weft. 340 mar 22 "W HEAT, Primo Seed, now landing. William Bayles and Co., 07 Collins-etreet. '. C8 HITH FiieBrioltB for Bale, j£3 per Thousand. "W ~4MInoi"ng lañc.'WharL""' * "~~" ? 345 rvlJXU_Nos. 0, lo, 11, 12, ohcap. ' John Russell ii and Co., comer CollinB and J'.ing streets. 358 . <> r - Two-roomed House, brick chimney! XOO, 30 feet ground, fenced. I-rances-Btrcet, Emerald dill. 0 New Advertisements. ON SALE by the undersigned-About 1800 pair« of Boots, suitable for the season, comprising Long thigh boots Napoleon do. Riding do, ile. KÜPPERS and KINDERMANN, 20 LonBdale street east, opposite Catholic Church. 500 mar 23 FOR Sale, and immediate Delivery l8 tona Adelaide flour 10 do. colonial do. 150 do. Chilian do. (first quality) 300 bushels Dutch oafs 535 do. Scotch do. 300 do. Adelaide bran 180 do. cracked maize 200 do. colonial barley "700 do. do. wheat THOMAS THOMPSON and CO., corn faotora and commission agents, 40 Little Lonsdale-Btreet west. 542 ON BALE: Iron atores, 30 x 00,15 x 40 Iron houses, 12 x 20 . Wooden houses, 30 x 23 Haircloth for upbolatering Ironmongery Camp stoves and camp stools .Stationery Boots . Electroplate gooda Gentlcmen'a clothing Sulphuric acid Whiting Champagne, anniaette, and raspberry vinegar. PATON, GRANT, and CO., 121 Kihg-stroet, corner of Bourke-street. i 3"" ON Sale, by the undersigned, in Lots to suit Buyers Chandeliers, for oil, 1, 2,3,4,0,8,10, and ' 12 ligh t, i n great variety Brackets for do. Back lamp', with Eilvered refleotors .Hanging do. Table do. Lanterns, with brackets, for hotels, ào. Hall lanterns, stained and etched glass Counter pillarB Solar, hand, and chamber lamps Al BO, Globes, chimneys, cottons of every de. ccription And a small invoice oi enmphine lamps. ~ LAURIE, LAYTON, and CO., ISO Flinders-lane east. 510__ ON SALE, by the Undersigned : 500 buBlicls Danish oats 590 do. Calcutta oats i Geneva, anohor and key brands Brandy, in bulk and cases, in bond 100 boxes French sperm candles Tancred'a old tom i lo tons Sydney potatoes S. STRAICOSCU and CO., FlindorB-lano west, corner of Bond-street. 297 ON Silo, by the Undersigned 30 tona Patnarico 10 do potatoes 3 do onions lo do ii mr 200 cases pickles 15 wharf draj a 1 3 tons bneon J. J. CLARKE, corner of Market, square and Flinders-street. 302 h OR Bale by the undersigned, - _ 20 cases airaines,} lbs. l8 hhds. U. V. proprietor's brandy ?0 qunrter-cupka do do 25 hilda, do, fine, 1851 4 0 cases do 1010 casks (4 dozen) Evans's ale and porter 100 cases do Bryant and Davis's ale 5C0 casks and cases ByasB's, and other brands, ale 50 quarter caskB fine P and VP sherry 55 octaves do do 4 hlids. palo sherry 12 quarter-casks do 297 casks oruthcdltaf-sugar , "0 tierces loaf sugar 12 bales navy canvass, Nos. 1 io 0 SO cases Rowland's perfumery 1 case watertight boots 2 do men's best longest grain thigh boots 1 do enamel hide riuing boots , l do do napoleons, double soles t _ do strong wellingtons 20 bales cotton wafite 7 casks Sheffield cutlery , 7 cases do, do, RALEIGH, LOCKE, THORP, and CO. 397 ON Sale , by the Undcr«igned Abbott'a pale ale in bottle \ Abbott'a Drown Btout, in barrels Bustamente'a palo aherry Golden Bherry, ex La Brune, from Cadia Erown sherry Martcll'a brandy, in oase llenneesy'a do, in hhds and casea Otard, Dupuy and Co's. do, in hhds Vieux Cognac, in cases - BROWNE andNOÏEa, 93 Flinders street weBf, 400 ON SALE hy the Undersigned 100 tons Chilian flour, brand Union Mills, i guaranteed sweet and eound 10 do ocst town mills seconda flour 15 do Chilian Hour, more or lesa damaged . JO do pearl barley and pearl Bago '10 do yellow soap 150 boxes candlcB 800 bushels oats E, F. SICHEL and CO., 55 Flinders street east, j 05 O N Sale by the Undesigned Java rice Do COifte " Ration sugar Manila chcrocts, No. 2 Woolpack» Herrings A piano, by Collard and Collard . Invoices ot jewellery.nnd watches: Linseed oil, boiled and raw , Whitelead ¡ Aroinatio vinegar ' Vegetable and flower seeds Iron wire fencing Crown glass . Table salt ' . Confeotionery BROWNE and Nu YES, 03 FHndcra-street west _410 0"~Ñ SALE by the Undersigned : - Taylor's stout Daw son's whiskey West India rum Herrings, in lins Candles, patent Belmont French fruits and oapers Tarpaulins and sewing twine ? Bolts and nuts Building ironmongery Carpenters' toola Sheet iron, assorted gauges Galvanised corrugated iron Electro plated goods Camp ovens Glassware WatcrtightR and watertight?, WOODHOUSE, BURNS, and CO., 30 Flinders lane east._ 153 ?tf\f\ BOXES Candles, Sperm, on hand, at A. iUU Holland's, 105 Swanston-street. 208 Of\f\f\ BUSHELS V. D. L. Seed Oats on Sale 0\JyJ\J Wood and Co, 59 Flinders- stree west._197_ (\f\ (~\f\\(\ FEET 0 x 41 Flooring on Bale. y\JJ \J \J \J Edward Crawley, Bourke-atroot _418 n FEET Deal Quartering on Bale atCrawley'sSaw-mills, Bourke 417 ^ 20,000 20,000 FEET 0-inch Lining Boards, at _. _ _ _ 12a. Crawley'* Saw-mills, 103 .Bourke- street went, near King.Btreet._418 e/~\ i~\C\<\ FEET 7-inch Deal Weather ÖV'UUU Boards,CrawleysSaw-mills, 103 Bourke-street weft, near King-street. 410 .fAAA LINEAL YardB Iron Fenolng, Six J.U Lauiie, Layton, and Co,, Flindera- lane cast. _530 ARRIVAL oi Megara. Perry and Co., Burgeons from London, at 211 Lonsdale-Btreet east, four doors above Howe's CircuB Consulting fee, £], Letters immediately answered. Out door Îiatients regularly visited. Balm of Syriacum l8, per bottle. Purilying Pills, Is. 6d. to 11s. per box, _252 mar 27 dand wk A.P. GILL will please at once to Remove his things from W. Duggan's Tent, as he is about to remove. If not they will be sold to de- fray expenses. 4029 AN Express Spring Waggon will start for Bcn-I ) digo on1 Friday morning, at eight o'olook; laie JÊ3. Tor further particulars apply to Mr. lerne, Imperial Hotel, Elizabeth-Btrtet. Parcela and swnga taken.___^_211 BLAIR, Hatter, 05 Elizabeth-'etreet, Eoafon. able Hats, Caps and RuBtic, styles and quali. tics the best. ? _535_ OOKS, Watches, nnythingand everything,pur- chased. Ninnis, 75 Little Bourke-street cast. Removed lrom Little Collins, street. ._545 mar 23 i j OATS leavo Cremorne andi Melbourne every JD Ten Minutes during the day. Boats to let on i hire. . ,_ ' 32 BENDISO.-An exnrees Spring Waggon will ' leave for Bendigo on Friday morning at 81 o'clock. Fare £8. Paroels and Swaga taken. Por further particulars enquire of Mr. Ferris, Imperial Hrfcl, Elinabeth-Btreet._210 ALLEY, Mra.,- unless the goodB be removed avi ay within fourteen days, they will bo sold. 433 mar 23 O D iSSOLUTipN OF PARTNERSHIP.-The Pnrt _ nership hitherto cxiating under the Btyle and Hi m of Pein and Reed has this day been dissolved by mutual consent. WM. PEIN, ' W. N. REED. ?Witness-OttoNeuhauss J.P. Melbourne, March lat, 1855._> 204 EATON House Seminary, near the Junction Hotelr St.' Kilda. Mrs. Gardiner has vacan oleB for Three Boarders. ._175 H' OMOiOPATHY.'-DwBerigny, Homccopathist, 92 Collins-Btreot, a few do.ia above oflloo of fhfe paper.' , i _27 mar 27 ilvBTUUMON for Young Ladies, Brighton. JL Mra. and,Mi5seB: Mnoleod beg to announce that the ' duties oi. their Beminary. are. carried on at Dunvegan House, Brighton. , _ i I There are |still Vacancies Tor a few Young1 Ladies as Boarders and Day FupilB. Quarter to commence from day of entry. Dunvegan Houec.Brighton, 19th March, 18..5. New Advertisements. IT is hereby mutuaUy agreed by the Underalgnod that thePartnerthip exl'ting under tho flrrnot J. Greene and Co, 197 Bourke- street west, ia Dis. tolve d from thia date, JOHN GREENE, J. 8. DOUTHAT. JOSEPH F. JONE9. Melbourne, 17th March, 1S55._ 2 LOUIS ESKELL, Surgeon-Dentist, three doora above the ofllce of this paper. Kew discovery fer filling decayed teeth. Tho White Enamel Ce ment can be used by all persons themselves, aj fnll directions are enclosed. Artificial Teeth of all ibades, and adapted without pnin or inconve- nience._251 mar 23 d and wk MESSRS. HIGGINBOTTOM and RENOU :are instructed to Lend the following Bums on aj proved Be-curity : £1000 on City freehold £800 on do. £50o in small sums, at short dates Offices: 3 Hall of Commerce._ 55 MYSTERIES of the Court, "c, Lent to Rearf. Ninnij, 75 Little Dourke-Btrect east. Books pul chased. _ 528 ELBOURNE and Hobson'a Bay Railway" Company.-Notioe ia hereby given, that ntl Gcods not removed from the platlorm at this I'er. minuB by six o'olook p.m. every evening, will bo stored at owners'risk and expense. By order it the Directors, Joseph Word, secretary. 411 ELBOURNE and HOBSON'3 BAY RAILWAY COMPANY.-Bay Trafile-On and after this date, Wool and other Good8 for Hobson's Bay, intended for vesselB within the boundary of the Williamstown Lighthouse, will be received at the Melbourne Station, and forwarded from Sandridg by the steamer Gazelle. Gold will nl«o betaken oharge of and forwarded j cn application being mndo. On the arrival of foreign vessels, the steamer will bo ready to convey passengers and immi- grants with their luggage to the Railway Pier, to be forwarded to Melbourne with despatch. Boats aro always walting at the Railway Pier to convey passengera to shipa in tho bay, on reasonable terms, JOSEPH WARD, Secretary. 15th March, 1S55,_ 391 BRIGHTON ROAD.—Tenders will be received until eleven o’clock, on Friday, 30th instant, for Maintaining, to the 31st December proximo, the Brighton Road, from Prince’s Bridge to Bayview Hotel, according to plans and specifications to be seen at the Central Road Board Office, Little Bourke-street west. Tenders to be endorsed, “Tender for Brighton Road,” and forwarded, prepaid, to the President of the Central Road Board, Melbourne. The Board will not necessarily accept the lowest or any tender. 4017 mar 29 BALLAARAT ROAD.-Tenders will be íeceived until eleven o'olook on Tuesday. 27th inat., fir Hie erection of a Toll House and Gate, on the Ballaarat Hoad, near Burnt Bridge, acoording to planB and specifications to b3 teen at the Central Hoad Board Office, Little Bourke- street weBt, or the Hoad Engineer's Ofllce, Geelong. Tendera to bo endorsed "Tender for Burnt Uridge Toll Gate," and forwarded, prepaid, to tha President of the Central Hoad Board, Melbourne. The Board will not necessarily accept the lowest or any tender._4020 mer ¿i CARISBROOK BRIDGE.-Tendera will bo re. ceived until eleven o'clock on Friday, 30th inft,, lor cxeouting certain repnira to tho «ridge at Carisbrook, according to plans and speoifloi tiens to bo seen at the Central Road Board Olllce, Little Bourke-street west, or the Hoad Engineer's Offlco, Barker's Creek. Tenders tobo endorsed '(Tender for Carisbrook Bridge," and forwarded, prepaid, to the President of tho Central Road Board, Melbourne. The Board will not necessarily accept the lowest or any tender._4019 mario CITY OF MELBOURNE,-Notico is hereby given that applications will be received at; the Town Clerk's ofllce, Town Hall, till twelva o'clock noon, of Monday next, the 26th inatnnt, from Candidatea for the ofllce of Rate Colleotor and Valuator for La Troba Ward, vacant by the resignation of Mr. Bl. O'Connor. , Full information as to the nature of the duties, and the amount of security required, can be ob« taincd on nppliontion to the Town Clerk. Tho applications must bo addressed to the Right WorBliipful the Mayor,and endorsed " Application lor the Olllce oi Rate Collector.» WILLIAYi KERR Town Clerk. Town Hall, 20th Maroh, 1855. _ _ _1^_4003 marjM alfc_ fUTY OF MELBOURNE. - Notice is hereby \J given that, at the Meeting of the Citizens, held beforo me this day at the'I own Hall, Swan, ston.strcot, in the said City, Villiam Middleton Tennent, 1-Bqnire, of Collins street, auctioneer, and Richard Grioa, Esquire, of Fitnderr.lanc, merchant, were duly elected to Borve aa Auditora for the City of Melbourne, in the room and stead of George Annand, and John Edward Irving Dickson, Esquires, retired, J. T. SMITH, Mayor. Town Hull, Melbourno, 20th Marou, 1655. '«3 ^_4002 CITY OF MELBOURNE. - Notice is hereby givon that, in pursuance oi the provisions of Act ol the Governor and Legislative Council of New SouthüWales, 0 Viotoria,' No, 7, Section 17, an Open Court, for tho Revision cf the Citizen Lise lor Hotham Ward, will bo held at the Gôorga Hotel, Victoria, afreet, in the paid City, on Monday nei.t, the iOth day oi March instant, attwelvj o'olook noon. By order of the Alderman and Assessors fee Hotham Ward. WILLIAM KERR. Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Ofllce. Town Hall, Melbourne, 20IH March, 1855_40C4 mar 20 alt TTPPEU PLENTY ROAD.-'Jcnclcw will bo re. ÎJ ceived until eleven o'olook on Friday, 30tU IIIBI ant. for Hnîntnlnlng, to 31 et December preïl"!"* of the Upper Plenty Road, beyond RuokeiJs flil), acocrdlng to plans nnd specifications to be neeu cc the Central Road Board Offloe, Little Biutkc. street west. TendecB to bo endorsed. " Tender for Unper Plenty Road," and lorwarded prepaid, to the Pre- sident of the Central Road Board, Melbourne. The Board will not necessarily accept the loucBt or any tender. 4018 mar 29 TENDERS 'are invited for the croctionot two kitohens nnd an open fhod, at Richmond. Flans an 1 speeilicat'ois may be seen at the oflleejof; the unrters'gned until tho 20th inst. J. S. Matthews, architect, 97 Collins-Étroit west. _93 mar 23 ENDERS, this day, for Cleanalug Double Water-Closet, at Collingwood. Thomas Btevenson, Neave's Buildings. 328 IN the Supremo Court of tho Colony ot Victoria. -Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.-In the intestate estate ot thomas Keddell, luto of Point Nepean, in the colony of Victoria, lime-burnor, deceased Notice is hereby given that from and after the expiration of fourteen days from tho publlaation of thia notice, application will bo made to thisr honorable oaurt that letters of administration be grunted mito Ann Reddell, widow of the said TI omaa Keddell, deceased. Dated this 10th day ol March, in tho year of our lord ono thousand eiaht hundred and flfty-flvo. CLARKE and MOULE, Proctors for the said Ann Keddell._12 IN the Insolvent Eetato of Henry Duncan and James Harvey Morrison, of Geelong, in the oolony of Victoria, auctioneers.-Notice ia hereby piven that that the seoond publio meeting of the creditors In tho above estate will bo boldon before me, at my office, Supremo Court House, La Trobs Biieet, Melbourne, on Tuesday, the third day of April next, at the hour of a quarter to tbreo o'clook in the nftornoon, at which day and hour the Bald meeting will bo boldon belore me loc Ïiroof of debts nnel for the eleotion of nn assignee, f necessary, to net with the Official Assignee. Dated at Melbourne, this 20th day of March, À n . 1855. FRliDK. WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner oE Insolvent Bat ntcB_4014 IN the Insolvent Estate of Robert Cox, of the Firm of Cox and Long, of Melbourne, in the Colony of Victoria, Farmers. —Notice is hereby given that the First Meeting of Creditors in the above estate has been adjourned to Monday, the second day of April next, at the hour of two o'clock in the afternoon, at which day and hour the said adjourned meeting will be holden before me at my office, Supreme Court House, La Trobe street, Melbourne, for proof of debts on the said estate. Dated at Melbourne this 20th day of March, A.D. 1855. FREDK. WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates. ___4010 IN the Insolvent Estate of Reuben Quarill, of Melbourne, in the Colony of Victoria, Lithogra- phic Engraver—Rotcrt Elwall Jacomb, Esq., of Melbourne, being the Official Assignee appointed for the estate and effects of Reuben Quarrill, the above-named Insolvent :—Notice is hereby given that all debts due to the estate aro to bo paid to him, the said Official ASBigneo, and that the third publio meeting of the creditors of the said inaol. vent will bo holden before me, at my otilo?, Supreme Court Home, LaTrobe-atrcot, Melbourne, cn Monday, the seventh day of May next, at tha hour of half-past one o'olook in the afternoon, foe proof of debts, to reoeivo tho report of the Offloial Assignee ns to the condition of the enid estate, and to give him dircstiona as to the future manage- ment thereof. Dated at Melbourne, thia 20th day of March, A n. 1855. FREDK. WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner of Incolvcnt Estates. _4015 IBTEWART TOURNAV, formerly of Hythe, in the county of Kcnt.late of Poultry Chambers, in the city ol' London, England, nnd now residing at the Parkf ide Hotel, North Melbourne, in tho colony ol Victoria, an attorney of the Court \oi Queen's Bench at Westminster, and a solicitor of the High Court of Chancery in England, do in- tend to apply, on the last day of the next ensuing; term, to be admitted an Attorney, Bolioitor, and Proctor of the Supremo Court of tho Bald colony of Viotoria. Dated this 20th day of March, 1855. BTEWART TOURNAY. _212 mar 20 alt TvtEW YORK Rlflo Saloon, Littlo Lonedalo. IN Btrcet catt, Four shotB, is., with tho beat tillea_ i_430 mar 27 VTOTICE.-If M. Colear does not fotoh nwajr J\ thellorso left, on Wednesday hut, at tho Exchange Hotel on or beforo Friday next it will be sold to dorray expenses. Joseph F. Butter- worth. 617 mar 23 NOTICE -All Property left in my olmrgo, IC not removed before the 10th ol' April noxt, will ho Sold to nay expenses. William Langley, 89 Quccn-strcet, Melbourne. 60 mar 21 N orien.-Albert Rlohardaon mid Uro!har, ami _., all Piirlini having LupgiiH'i I" flin «»um»«'« Homo Boanlliig-hniiiio, Uri RliiK-ldw . «fj J.ft quested to remov« IhwnImmediately, O ..'?;.",_* bo Bold to pay expciiHca. Charl«« «Millie t'lm'tp for, m New Advertisements. NEW Pawnl »king- Establishment, 17 A Little Bourke-street, near the Arcade. Money lent en every description of geode._78 OTICE is hereby given, that by Indenture bearing date the 20:h day of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and mado between Carl Unmack nnd Gustav Unmaok, both of the city of Melbourne, merchant-", of the first part; Beilby Hawthorn and William Lane, both of JMeltourne aforesaid, merchant», creditors of the said Carl Unmack and Guitav Unmack, and trustees for the purpoEos thortinafttr-named, of the Eecond part; and the several other persons wl ose names and seals are to the taid indenture s.tarni affixed, alao.crodlt.ors of the 6aid Carl I'nmackand Gustav Unmack, of the third part; fhe enid Carl Unmaok and Gustav Unmack diet convey and assign unto the said Beilby Hawthorn and William Lane, their hefri, cxtcutors, admin- istra tors and as-igns, nil the cítate and efleots I whatsoever of them, the Bald Curl Unmack anil Gustav Uumaok, in trust for the benefit of all i their creditor?; and such inelenture was executed by the said Carl Unmack and Umtav Unmnck, ard by the said Beilby Hawthorn and William Lane respectively, in the presence of, and BUCII renpective executions wore attested by William Hull, Esquire, one of lier Mi jiaty's Justices of the Perce fur tho colony of Victoria, aforesaid, and the raid indenture is now lying for inspection anel execution by the oreelitora of tho said Carl Unmack and Gustav Unmaok, at tho ofllce of Messrs Blundell and Muttlebury, 100 Swanston« street, in the said city of Melbourne. Dated this twentieth day of March. 1855. CARL UNMACK. G. UNMACK. B. HAWTHORN. | W. LANE. Witness, William Hull, J.P._23__ PASSENGERS' Luggage Stored, 72 Flinders- I street west. Oil, per week._300 | Tp ICHMOND-MelbouTno.-The Public are re JLV speotfully informed that Twelve Passenger Boats ply regularly every Ten Minnies._31 "DENTS and Debts legally Collected, Properties JLii Sold on Commission, by Kidston and Atchi ton, SO Swanston.etreet._170 j EVEN THOUSAND POUNDS to Lend upon City Freeholds. W. Gardiner, 87 Collins« street W03t._170 HIP HSHTK1NG,-PasBengorH'Luggagc Stored at the lowest rates. Levcson and Smythcrs, C1 Flinders-street east._511 ANDRÍDGE BATHS.-Taken, from the above Bath?, last Saturday, a Puree, containing nbout £.», in mittnke; and another Purse was left in lieu, containing a Promissory Note for £12 10s, bearing tho signature of James Thomson, of Ra- venswood. Whoever took the above purse by mistake, will please communioato immediately with the Manager ef the Baths, Sandridge. 400 TO Wino Merchants, Publicans, and Others. The undersigned beg to nofify that they aro nbout to retiro from business, and oiler for Sale, on the most faverablo terms, their well-assorted stock ol Wines, Spirits, Beer, Brothers, 86 Little Bourke-street nest. _481 mar 23 T. F. O. O. F.—Loyal Collingwood Lodge, No. 10.—Brother George Main wishes the Secre- tary of the above Lodge to send his address ; also state the sum due by George Main to the Lodge. Address Post Office, Smyth's Creek. __4005 mar 22 TO Builders and Contractors, Architects, Ao. Tho undersigned are now prepared to take Contracts lor tim Supply of Freestone, from one oi the best Quairies in Van Dicmcn's Land. For particulars, as to sizes of Stone, sample, ita, ap- ply to FALLENSTEIN and M'KECHNEY, Bond street, Flinders-lane»._116 mar 23 UNCLAIMED LETTERS.-The following will be returned to the Post Olllce unless called for within one month : Simpson, C. M. 7 letters. Walker, Miss, now Mrs. Lotte... 5 do. Buehman, Jas. 4 do. Forder, Ja». 3 do. Dewar, John . 3 do. Ideliup, B. P. . 1 do. Jams, ,l. ß. 1 do. JTnr'ley. A. 1 do. Hutton, J. and W. 1 do. Wilkinson, Hy. . 1 do. VTiriBi-r, C. 1 da. tlardwiok, II. B. 1 do. WILLIAM HULL and SONS. 08 f oAH TO Lend for nine months; several dtöWU rums ol' £50 and £100 to Lend ior st ort periods. J. Cochran, 75 Chnnocry-liine. rriilE friend! or -Christina Coghill, of South X Yarra, are ie=pcctfully invited to tho-funcral this day, at two o'clock. 380 CRITERION HALL.-Open every Night for Dancing. Ladies, free; Gentlemen, 2s. Od. Mr, Chapman's Band. 401 CR 1TEK10N.-Mr. Samson is engaged as Master of the Ceremonies. The best room in Mel. bourne_402 RITEIUON.-Como and seo Simson, and hear nil the newest of Music, conducted by Mr, Chapman._ 463 È EN'S THEATRE. Wednesday evening, March 21st. Last night but two ot the Groat Tragedian Mr. G. V. BROOKE, supported by Miss FANNY CATHCART and Mr. RICHARD YOUNG E, from the Theatre Royal, Drury-lane, London, The' performance ol' the Greit Tragedian'as Richard the Third, aided by a powerful company, scenic eflcots, pp!endic\ wardrobe, properties, ar- mor, ¿c.,< Waa pronounced on Monday eve'nini», 6th lint., to bo the most perfcot ropreientatlon ever placed upon the stage. It will be repeated for thts night only, being positively the last night but two, previous to Mr. Brooke'B departure for Geelong. 1 On Wednesday evening, March 2lst, will bo preS I seated Shaksperej's tragedy, in fivo acts, entitled RICHARD HI. Richard, Duke of Glostor ... Mr. G. V. Brooke. Henry,Earl of Richmond ... Mr. li. Youngo. Queen ... Mies Fanny Cathcart. To conclude with the very favorito faice, entitled I THE SWISS SWAINS. Characters by tho Company. Mr. G. V. BROOKE will mako his First Appearance in Oeelong on Monday, 20th inst. To-morrow (Thursday) will be produced the Scottish drama of the BRIDE OF LAMMERMOOR, fcr tho Benefit of Miss FANNY CATHCART. 4013 Q' "DUasiAN WAU.-Grand Panorama, eeven and JLli nine this evening. Temporáneo Hall, Kus Ecll-strcet. Admission, Is._335 ALLE DE VALENTINO.-Open every evening, with Grand Promenade Concert and Bali, Admission, le. _337 SALLE DE VALENTINO.-Mons. Fleury'« Band every evening. Dancing to commence at half.past eight. ' 333 s ALLE DE VALENTTNO.-Grand Masquerade on Monday next, March 20tb. 339 A REWARD of Ten Shillings will be gi von to any perFon bringing letters for W. Fail or JohnTliomai from England, supposed to be lett at the Ballaarat Hotel or Lodging flous?, to W. Fail, comer of Cremorne and Swan atrcets, Richmond. _60 mar '¿I FIVE POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or Strayod, a Bay Colt, A. X off shoulder, small star in forehead. Whoever brings the boree to J. Rogers, 103 Stephen-Blieet, shall reoeivo tho nbovelteward. '_42 mar 22 ONE POUND REWARD.-Lost, Sunday night, a Black fcheep Dog, answering to the name Jeck. Any person bringing the Bnmo to Albion Hotel, Bourke-street, will receive the abovo Ro vitrd._260 ONE POUND REWARD.-Lost yesterday, a lied Terrier Dog, answering to the name Viper, Blightly lame in ono hind leg. Apply, 120 ColliiiB-street oast. 130 TWENTY POUNDS REWARD.-Caution to Poundkeepers and Others.-Stolon Irom Mr. Alexander Kennedy's Station, Lpddon River, n Bay Horse, branded W.F near shoulder, the nenr hind loot white, a star on iorehçiid, white noir, saddle marked. Any person delivering the same to the owner, or Mr. M'Kinnon, Robert Burns Hotel, Melbourne, will roceivo the above Reward. _44 mar 22 TWENTY POUNDS llEWAllD._8tolen,'from Mr . JOHN BUCKIE, Baker, oorner of Qer tiudo and FltzRoy streets, Collingwood, on Mon- day Evcninir, 10th March, a Blade Mare, live years olo, branded 74 near Bhouldcr, white Btar on forç- ai ad ; elso harnees. £lo will bo paid on the mare being returned ; or £20 on conviction of the thiel' or thieves. _:_OB mar 27 ¡VÍVE POUND3 REWARD.-Lost, a Red Cow, _' cocked horns, and branded W g off ribs ; and notice is hereby given to the person who it is sup. peBcd, haB now the possession of her, that unless the faid cow is delivered up he will at once be I roeecuted. Apply to Mr, GLEDHILL, 74 Queen sire et ,_Melbourne1'_187 CAUTION to the Publio.-Lost, a Promissory Note for £1200, drawn by Rotcrt Muriel in favor oi Henry Jeffreys, dated Sydney, 0th Feb., If55, duo 12th July, 1855, and endorsed. TI10 public arc oautloned not to negocíate the same, ni psjinont has been Btopped whero payable-viz,, ,, nt the English, Scotch, and Austral-nn Chartere! B-rk, Sydney. HENRY JEFFREYS. 300 LOST, in Collingwood, Car Cushion. Ten Bhll linps Reward, if left at Clifton lietel, Ool liJ.gwcod. _61 LOST, an Opossum, on friday evening, lit'1.' Whoever will bring the carno to t'm Norfolk blore, WelHiiBton.Btrcet,fllll rcoclvoX» Howard. 55 in rirai LOST, on Sunday, Mnroh Uourko Btree-t mid OOIHIOII'H Brewery, a Oí-remo for £0« OH. {«..drawn drawn by w. I'uviirsOhomli'y.oii «ho Rmikol Au;trnlni.lo,ln' iMorof ClmrlfM .»»httijoH, iwj ntctit of whleli lias bun mopped «< U10 lliitik. Auy person giving iii eli IIIIWI»«*1"" <** wul ,"n'1 '" t,lu recovery IhriMii'r.Iittli I'« H«W«nl«d, by nppljIngA.U.c, « mc« idÜ.1H ppi-i-, ^_ ao__ T(|IT, IVOin Wttp lilli. Flinders lune", n omul! > 'I m ihr I'd»»)» HI>H, coliir, orango nnd white, I «lib rhmll Ml"11 UI1M11 > mi no dr. Any perita i,ilii(.|.iif Kit-ii luptoflwftlm'oi'icuiic will reçoive I ¿I lUWMtl. 01« Miscellaneous. HOBART TOWN AND LAUNCESTON INBUBJ ANCE COMPANY. ,oul** Capital, £03,800. Established in the year 183S. Office, Stone Buildings, Hobart Town. Directors : ^ , Henry Hopkins, Chairman. Aokln Morrison I John Walker Edwin Goldsmith | John Poster, Manager: Thomas MacdowcU, Accountant: Miohacl Evans 4gent at Launceston : John Munro. A gent at Melbourne : James Raven, ColUn8-Btreet weat TheCompnny havingmade arrangements for m payment in London of claimsforlossoraverasi on polioies effected by them to England, aro Sí! ?»"«_*£.1BSue P°Uoic8 payable in^ondon. if í¿! quired, the same cheque granted intrinlicntn ^ ÜHOMAS MACDOWELL, Manager. 1035 o m UNIVERSAL EMIGRATION SOCIETY "" Australian Board of Management "^ Patrons : Godfrey Howitt. Esq., »I.D., F.ll EDI J. M. '/urleton. Esq.) U. S. Consul ,. . Trustees : Xhe Riglit Worshipful the Mayor of Melbnnfn«' John Thomas Smith, Esq., M L n n r William Hammill, ka«. John Hodgson. Hsq , M.L O Direotors: ' ' George EUiott Barton, Esq. David Blair, Esq. The Rev. Adam CairnB, Esq., D D Otto Thcodoro FallcnBtcin. Eso ' ' James Guthrie, Esq. Adolphus A. F. Haílor, Esq. A. C. Livingston, Esq., M.JU, John Macgregor, Esq. Wm/ w^1."^'Es,1" r«asnrer. B. A. Noltenius, liEq. John Singleton, Esq., M.D. E. 8yme, Esq. John Thomson, Esq. 'Xhomas Wilkinson, Eaq., M.L C. With power to add to their number. Bankers in the Colony of Viotoria: Oriental Bank Corporation Bankers in London : Oriental Bank Corporation. Bankers in Dublin: Bank of Ireland. Bankcra in Edinburgh : NationalBankof Scotland. /JAw^iLT,1)"7 P,crs0I,s desirous ofbruigimr pat their familiea who oannot aparo at any wa tine a earn sufllcfent for the purpose, or Xar_ deterred from sending home tiicir money bcoari. Ihey cannot ensure ita application to tho desire! pi rpose, * Ino principal objcot of this society is to enabla the Australian 'colonists, to bring out at first cost! payable by easy weekly or mom lily instalments! their friends and families from Eurone ano? America, with superior accommodation and cora- lon, protected during their passage, and on theil! arrival, from incivility and extortion. 11 liia Society, from tho extent ol its transactions and enlarged oredit, being able to charter its own ihipB, -will secure objeots unattainable by private individuals. And as tho owners of the shins chartered will bo paid in part in England and the remainder on tho arrival of the vessels attheie destination, the Society can oxerclse a powerful influence over the comlort and treatment of their paFBengera. The ¡society will apply tho co oporativc nrfnoi« pie, as iollows : There will bo twoolasscs of Passenger Ticket« issued to the Shareholders-a First-olaes and Second- olasa, the members paying for the seme bw taFy weekly or monthly instalments. Any mern, berwho can secure to the Society the payment o£ MB instalment, or who shall bavo paid up tliree. fourths of tho entire amount, Bhall receive his ticket entitling tho person named therein (or if on blank, entitling any holder thereof), to a pas. sage to the port in the tioket named, and to bp landed with lils luggage free of expense. Thcs3 tickets will bo transmitted to England, in dupli« cate-one copy to the Society's Manager, and tha other to tho intended passenger, and will entitla the holder to n passage in the priority of the issue of his tioket; tho holder having the power ta pestpono his departure upon certain tcrma, Tha Manager in England, on receipt ol tickets, BhaU at tnce communicate with the paasengera, BO as to give them timely notice, and shall nlBO lurnisrt printed directiona for their assistance in obtain; ing outfit and euch other matterB us thoy sha! equire. When tho pasBongers are ready for em. larkation, the Soolety will chatter a vessel of the first class, having suporior accommodation ana ventilntion, and will bind the owners and captain by strict oontraot and in heavy ponaltjes to practico oivility and gentlemanly demeanor to thcirpnaeengers. Audit ahnll be the cfpccialoare of the Society to prosecute lor any breach of tha PasscngorB Act, or other improper conduct on; ho ptrtoi the officers of their Bhips. The Society shall bo managed by a directory the highest respectability here and in England. The publio Bhall be protected by tho enrolment of (he Society ns n Friendly Society in both plaoes, mil the proper application of the lunds shall ba amply provided for by the Rules, which can b3 li ad on application to ADOLP f 1US A. F. II ALLER,. at the Others of the Australian Freehold ABSOOU. lien, New BuildiiifS, Mechanics' Institution, op. TOEite tho ofllce of this paper, where every infor. mation will bo given, ana membera enrolled dally, Agonta will be appointed throughout tho prin. Oipoi cities ol Australia and abroad. Chief Manager for the Australian Golonie»,1 ADOLPHUS A. F, 1IALLER. 177 HOPGOOD'S NIveultrit and Sedative Cream, for cleunBing and alla) ing Irritation of tho fckin, for restoring and beautifying the Hair, and promoting ita growth. This elegant articlo of thotollct having so exton, slvely advanonl in publio approval at home, in. duccs G. Hopgood and Co. to embrace the present opportunity of laying its peculiar advantages bo* fore tho inhabitants of Melbourne, feeling u'surecf that its soothing and anti-irritant properties will be found of the greatest value, and will secure to it tho name large amount of pntrenage from all thoEo who value comfort and elegance in Australia, vbiohit reçoives from the nobility, gentry, ana public oi Grtut Britain. The Bedativo Crean ciTeotually oleanfios and al. laya all kinelB ol irritation of the skin of tho head, creates luxuriance of growth in the hair, prerenta its turning grey, ohecks premature baldness, re^! stores hair to bald places, and imparta a delicate softness fo tho skin, and Beauty and strengtht a hair naturally harBli and weak. To aU porBons suffering from irritation of tha Bun of the head, caused, by the accumulation of dandriff or other secretions, loss of hair front local causea, or from debility in the fluids which nourish and support it, G. IT. is enabled to reoora« mend it with a confidence gained by long praotioal experience. ,. , The testimony of numerous medical gentlemen and others ol the Ugliest respectability, together With its every-day usefulness, placesits superiority unquestionably over every other article befori presented to the public for similar purposes. "Soldin 1 do-sen bottles, 21s., 3Sj" 42s, 00s., a«« ' THOMAS AUSTIN and CO., consignees, 15 Wiilinm.Btrcot.oppoBitotho Custom House, ot at the Central Dispensary, 110 Swanaon.streor, J41 DENTAL SURGERY.-Notioî of Partno'Shi Mons. llcurteaux, Burgeon Dentist, legs to Etate that ho has this day entered inloFartacrshlp With Mr. James ÏOmer, to whose proflo cacy as O Burgcon dentist, Mons. B. has much plfjsure ire ccitilying. The business in futuro will ue con ducted under the style of Beurteaux and iarner. i having been rumored that Mons. B. «i about to retire lrom practice, Jie begs to stat* that Buçrr is not the onEC, ho will be in attendance personally every day a3 usual. With reicrenc) to a letter: Which appeared in the Argus, complnningor tua 1 cxtortiont-to charges demanded by Bimo unprinci. Îlcd prnctioncrain town, MossrB. Seurteaux ana urncr beg to Btato that their obargis during eigns yeara' practice in Melbourne liaverema ned unal- tered, nttho following moderato scale, viz :-Aru flcial Teeth, each, from £1 to ii; stoppingfrom 10s. fid. to ¿1 ; extracting, cleaning, io,, equally.. ^Me'ears"!' BEURTEAUX and TURNER'S Consulti ing Rooms aro at 07 Swanston-strcct.oppoBlte tas Town Hall. Melbourne, February 1,1655. 408 LANDING, and on Bale by WALTER f OWBlti, wholesalo ironmonger, Swanston-strcot, noir 11 (finger-beer and soda-water bottles asi Ginger-beer and aeidlitz powders Carbonate soda and tartario acid Garden and Ure engines, hund-oaits Iron and wooden ploughs and borrows Boring maohines/horfe powers Milncr'B fireproof ohests and safes Milncr'a Uro and thief proof/«'«'? gf banker!' use, with Hobba's Pilf^J0,0^ Bar iron, of every size, of the tot branda Iron hooping to two-inch and sheet iron. Iron garden pumps and rotary pampa Mailpatont coach and oarrlage »xleJ...i Crates ol earthenware and glass, assorie.i Edward's black ink, in glass bottles. Ff nders, fire irons, fire dogs, door-mats Tinmen's tools, Moseley'» London planM Fencing wire andstrainingtooli.Btaples.KO Braes and iron bedsteads, cribs and cota Hair-Boatlng and curled hair, webbing Wotherapoon's confeotioncry lamps, cottons and glaf sea Refined lamp oil, Unaced oils, turps Zino and iron rain-pipe andguttcring Copper boilers, kettles and preeerve pans Enamelled oval potB and saaoepanB Manila ropo, from six inohes to ono ino» Watertight boots, knee and thigh boo» bluchers and shoes, of very first W"» English and American congrevo matones Blasting powder, safety fuie, fine powder Chalk, whiting, rotten-stono, ruddle Noble and Uoare's varnishes, gold Biie.-o. Three-bushel aaoks and gunny baga Builders' ironmongery, of every kind Chaff-cutting machineB, de, ... White lead, in drums ________ D RAWING PAPERS, _c, 0» Sal0' Antiquarian Double elephant Columbian wnc\rt) cartridge 54 inohes wide, any lenfftù. Tracing, double crown Do. double double crown Drawing pencils Watcrand oil colors 8oKredn?Ä?ÄvSerrother requisite JAMES jföLUNDELL nnd CO.. 41 CoUln*.' ¿ree« west. _ rln'ed and Publlahed hy FowAm> W^_SÎ LAHMUN MACR1XKOK, Pr°PJÍ?í°"> í^iOtÓria, Oflw, Ccllhi8.Btrect east,Melbourne, viowi », 