SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVED (Hobson's Bay). June 3. — Hashemy , ship, 523 tons, J Ross, master, from Hong Kong, 23th March. Passengers : Mr and Mrs Baxter and family, and 370 Chinese in the steerage. Captain, agent. June 3 - Mariner, schooner, G Graham, master, from 110 tons, Sydney. J Davles, agent Juno 3-- Fanny A CJarrignes, brig, 119 tons, W A Martin, master, from Newcastle, N.S.W., 23rd ult. Brown. Itnlstou ulid Co, agents. June Monailo, ship, 117 tons, D Dunlop, master, from lion™ Kong, 4th April, via Batavia, UOlli April. ;:so Chinese passen gers. Captain, agent. Juno 3 -Arg-yle, -American brig, 264 tons, Costa Sal-ina mas. ter, Irom Valparaiso, via Tahiti, 27tl\ April, Heart: ami Co June 4 -Black Swan, s s, 1 i 5 tons, A F Woods, master, from Launceston, 31st May. Saloon passengers: .Mrs S Tiylor Mrs Johnstone, Miss Stewart. Dr., Devnrty (staff surgeon) and 'sar. ?''[? Messrs Johnstone, Oalziel, O'Brien, J Buchanan, A Buchanan, \V Buchanan: and 10 in the steerage. W Ilettound Co, agents. June 4— Prince of Wales, schooner, li t tons, F Cliiltcrn mas. er,t roin Circular Head. David Moore, agent.. ENTlvRED OUT. ?' - Juno4-N.!ipoVS-n III, 780 tons, Crawl'., rd, master, for Cal cutta.' Graham, Sands and Co, agents. ' ' Juno 4 -F. E. Schutt, 3S7 tons, Maleliin, master for Ru*,',; Griffiths, Fanning ond Co, agents. ' *u'lm ? Juno 4 tioldon Lapd, .718 -tons, Potter, master, for Callab Thomson afid Robertson, audits. * Juno 4 — Goin, 103 tons, Gibson, master, for New Plvmnniu ? N.Z, M'Micklng and Co, agents. ? 'J month, Juiie 4 -Tasmania. 1195 tons, Rodolf, mastor, for '(Ml™ Willis, Merry aud Co, agents. ; ' r ,'aUao . , CLEAHED OUT. -, June 4 -Lady Bird, s s, 17t- tons, Robertson, master f,w tauneeston, in ballast. W n.-iylcs an.t Co, agents ' June 4— Melpomene, 378 tons, Lawrence, mas ter lor llnin goda, Iu ballast. Dcvus, Routledgo and Co, agents June 4-Oliver , Van. Noord, barque, 59.1 tons, Gayt master Cm Callao, with piirt of original cargo from London K WliUbv am ' Co, agoiitd. ' l * » * rtHU June 4 - Maria, barque, 259 tons, Brammer, master, for'Gnam iu ballast. John Diez, agent ' for Caiia°' ^rwAfTn^81 ,0nS' C!U,e' 'a,1Cr- fw *«'»»«-- ? MOJECTBD ? DEPARTURES. ...' Vol ^London.— Northumberland, !)t„ June; nances Ilcnty ju£rL.verPo-*.-Bpomera„S- tomorrow;, and Mermaid,, in ? ' -For England, Via Mauritius arid tho Capo of Good Hone ?_ Ceres, Jane, early. . uupe. — , For Sydney .-Hellespont (s), tills day; Wonga V\Wa fsl to morrow. ° l-v- ' Warniambool. —Louisa Alice, Marlqulta, Mary Smith,' For Portland. — Tyne, early. *. . For IUver Mersey.— John Nussey, early For Adolaldo.-Wilto Swan. (s.), 13th June; Burra hurra (a), Havilah, (s), to-morrow. «uin», For Launceston.-rClarencfl (s), Margraves. Ariel For Ilobart Town-Laurel, /tetriever, rieakfp of 'early ? Swan, 7th Jufte. 1 1 cilrly ' For Port Albert.— Oberon, (s), this day. For Auckland, N.Z.— Pluiustead',' Ocean, carlv For Otago, N.Z. — Sybil, early. Fir Wellington, N.Z.— Colchester, this day ? 'For Callao.— Tasmania, early ; Zephyr, An'toluiie slh T„i,n . Australia, Petrouolla, early ; Ralpli Waller, early j' Cznrj loth For Singapore.— Helena, Emanuel, ThaaoofFife earlv '?0r 1J,0'^^onfc',T«(3Sikina,1 carly ' Lauueeston, uth June. ... i-Fo; Mauritius. — Athol, early. - ' , i'or Bombay.— Salem, early ; Trafalgar, tills day ? For Calcutta.— Napoleon III., early. ' SOti June'' J-! Qallc~Blu0 Jiickct' about 6th i Bosphorus (s), .SAILED, (Uoiiso.Va Bat). June 4— Essex, ship; London'. 4— Ceres, solioo'ner, Mauritius. 4— Coainpion, steamer, Portland. . :4— Prince Albert, Manila. , . 1 . , POR l' jjIIILLIP HEADS. ARRIVED. June 4— Anno Jane, barque, Newoistle, N.S.W , - 4— Water Lily, schooner, Circular Head, ' ? ',:??? sailed. - . Jun«4— Recruit, ship, Callao. .:?? -.' - ? . 4— Rionzl, ship, Callao. ,, ; .i '4— Euilllo, sclioaner, Adelaide, i IMPORTS. June 3— Hashemy, ship, 023 tons, J.Ross, from Ilomr Komr ? SOO chests tea, 565 rolls ? of matting, S7 trunks. 200 sets nf drawers, 327 chests ot tea, 800 Jars of oil, Order ; 134 nauk'\BM Manilla rope, It. Amberg and Co ; 173 barrels flour, G F Tmln awl Co; 1 box, 23 cases, 3 trunks, 2 bales, and » boxes' tobacco J.Dlez; Captain J.Ross, agent. ? : louacco, June 3— Fanny A. Garrigues, brig, 189 tons, from Newcastle X.S.W., W. A., Martin, master. Coals and coke to S; Brown, Ralston and Co, agents. June 3— Mariner, schooner, 110 tons, G. Graham, master 1V010 Sydney: 221 bags salt, 240 cases brandy, 1014 bags salt Order 190 bags bran,. Keny'on and Co; 103 packages merchandise' liiomas. Davis; 1 piano, addressed; 1143 cases brandv Joseph and Hill.' J.Davis, agent. aunay, : June_ 3. Monado, ship, Dutch, 717 tons, Captain D. Dunlon. fl-oin Ilpng Kengi via BataVla. A tew packages addressed Captaiu Dunlop, agent. ' ° auuresscu. Juno 3-Argyle, brig, 204 tons. Captain Costa Sabina, from Valparaiso via Tahiti: 5205 sacks flour, tlOO sacks bvau Dearc and Co,, agents. '- 1 ? June_4— Maria Theresa, schooner, 111) tons, Georire Rrie-kf agent' 'r°m ?t0Wcastl0' N-S-\V. Cargo, coals. George Bennett^ Juno 4-Black Swan (ss), 145 tons, A F Woods, from Laun. ceston : 93 bags potatoes, 236 wheat, 50 flour; Captain Woods ? 40 bag» bread, 67 potatoes, 135 oats, 40 carrots, SO flour 2 rice' 38 bran, 21 onions, 3 barley, 12 bran, 19 barloy. 20 flour 'order ? 21 bags onions, Barilla and Co; SO packages furniture 1 lilni brandy, 6 horses, Order. W Belts and Co, agents. ' Juno 4— Prince .of Wales, schooner, 114 tons F Chlltun master, from Circular, .Head: 14GO bags potatoes 1 70 oats 373' posts and rails; D Moore;. 100 bags potatoes, 71 oats lleld Peebles and' Go, agents. : D. Mooro, ageut. ' ' ' ' 'EXPORTS. Jun« 4— Ocean, l'or Auckland : 8 packages clothing, fi bags sugar, I bor raisins, 1 do soap, 1 box candles, 1 box pipes, 2 cases cutlory, 2 caaes oilclo.th, 3 cases boots, 1 cask tenu. w H Monk, agent. , ::-? 1PORTW WAliRNAMBOOllI ' SAILED. Elizabsth, brlgantino, for Sydney. . PORT OF HOBART TOWN. ARRIVED. May 28.— Emma, brig, from 'Sydney. 29\. — Tasmania, s., l'or Sydney. 29.— Emily Alison, sehr., from Melbourne, 30.— Eclipse, selir., from Port Albert . ? SAILED. May 30.— Crystal Palace, for Ceylon^ 30\. — Alfonto, for Mauritius. ' . ' MISCELLANEOUS. CoiiMomoAiioN lrixn . Gf/euwq.— -The - Duncan Hoyl« being now laid up for repairs, tho. .favorite steamship Cltueri, whos» fcats entitle her to be plated- among- tho fastest of colonial steamers, forms tiie only daily communication between Mel bourne and Geelong, She .leaves tho Queen's Wharf every Tues day, Thursday and Saturday, , at 11 a. in, and, possessing as she does, the most ample and elegant accommodation for pas sengers, she will, doubtless, securo the extensive patronage of he publio. ? . : The Mariner left Sydney J leads. Gtli May, put into Twofold Bay on the 20th ; saw the schooners, Mends and Jane lying -there, bound to this port; also the Racer, for Geolong. The Whistler, ship, was seen by Captain Dunlop, of the Me nado, about 4i leagues off Adolaide, ou t'ic 27th May. The Menado anchored under the lee of King's Island on the 28th. It caino on to blow a perfect hurricane, the vessel riding hard, and having a heavy strain on her cable, which she slipped at the 4S-fathom shackle, and stood oft Tho gale abating, she worked up to the Heads. On the 15th of Maroh tho Argyle, brig, put Into Tahiti leaky. She disoliarged hor cargo, got caulkcd and coppored, reslilpped the original cargo, and left for this port on tho 27th April. Captain Sabina follows up tlio general complaint, namely, very bad weather this last fourteen days; The Maria Theresa, when off tho Howe, saw a barque, with wain topmast gone, standing to tho northward, tho wind being from the westward. On tho 3rd inst., about 60 miles off Port Phillip Heads, saw a schooner apparently with the loss of all her sails, except the main staysail, under which she was hovo-to. In the gale of last Saturday week the Maria Theresa split two suits of sails. It was blowing a terrific galo during the 27th ult. Captain A. F. Woods has kindly furnished ua with tho follow u ts information :— Tho Cyclone, from Newcastle, put Into Launceston lloads 31st May, windbound. On the 2nd inst. saw the schooners Bristol and Tyno, about 30 miles to the westward of Launowton Heads. Captain A. F. Woods has had very ?evere weather, since leaving Launcoston, up till Saturday sen'nlght. The Pearl, from Melbourno to Port Fairy, was spoken off tho Schank, by tho Priuce of Wales, schooner, arrived at this port. She also saw tho Geui and the 1- lyingfish lying under Swan bland. At the time of despatching our reports, there were two vessels ln sight in theBay, viz: a schooner, supposed to be tho Water Lily; and a three- masted schoowjr, also supposed to be tho Gem, Their numbers could uot be made out before sunset at tho Gclll br&nd; Point. Wiluamstown Water Police Court, Junk 4.— Captain Out ridge, of tho Clau Gregor ship, appeared before C. D. l'ascoe, Esq., to anawer a charge preferred against him by C. Broad, ' Es'l-i assistant' emigration oflicer, ou behalf of numerous pas. sengers of this ship, for breaches of the 32nd, 33rd and 34th sec tions of tho Passengers' Aot. The captain or age'ats had in the meantime settled with mailV of tho complainants out of court, so that only four appeared. Tho captain was mulcted in the ponalty of £5 each for those that appeared against him. We cannot praise too highly tho indefatigable exertions of Mr. Broad In briugitig forward thtse oomplalnts, this being tho fourth ship of tho samo charterer (fined) for this oifenco. — We are pleased to observe the great improve ments that are taking place in this court, which will uot only tend to the greater despatch of business, but will add materially to the comfort and convenience of the Polico Magis trates, Clerk of the Bonch, and tho professional gentlemen at tending this now important court. Wo are also informed that the reporters of tho press will bo accommodated with a seat aud table, and every facility afforded them within tho precincts of the court. The William Hyde, barque, from Canterbury, tho Mary Ann, jchooner, from Port Albert, and the Cosmopolite brig, from Twofold Bay, together with one other barque and one brig, names unknown, wero signalled last night at sundown, at tho Mulgrave Battery. — Colonial Times. \ Tkk Pluto. — This screw steamer made a short trial trip 011 Saturday afternoon, to allow of tho ollicial survey upon her ' machinery, -£c. Mr. Moriarty, C.E , was aboard of her, aud ! some other gentlemen; and tho result of his examination was, : we believe, satisfactory. The Pluto is Intended for tho Manning j River trado, and is at present undergoing large alterations in cabins, sleeping berths, -&c.; Her main cabin will be a spacious and lofty ono for so small a vosscl. She is a new iron boat of J pretty model, and It propelled by two engines, each of 20 horse , power, mado by Nelson and Co., of Glasgow. Her cylinders are ! 23 Inches in diameter, and the length of stroke 2 feet. The usual j pressure of steam is 12 lbs. to the square inch, and her screw i revolves 90 times a minute. When in perfect oraer, sho will h steam 10 knots, Tho machinery is very compactly arranged, I' and Is easily managed. Captain Benaud commands her. The \ j Pluto Is owned by tho Manning IUver Company, for which How, Walker, and Co. ore agents, and who possess nearly 20,000 acre. [; of the finest agricultural land in the colony, situated ou the |i Manning River, 'Which Is now surveying, and will be shortly i offered for purchase at the urgent request of a number of the r inhabitants of the northern districts. Tho township of Cundle SCundlo, which will bo put up for sale in allotments, and which is ? situated about ton miles from the sea, must be, In a few years, tho centre of a large agricultural district. Tho Pluto is intended 11} as tho steam plonfcer on tho Mannlng ltlver, and will offer to tho h Inhabitants a ready anil desirable means for the quick transmis [p , sion of their produce to the Sydney markets. Sho uiust also Hi uacessarlly enhance the value of the property the company ip. ewalEj b»r poi'iess Ln that district. W« wish abunilaat auieeei it ' to all those enterprising men who, whilst endeavoring to make fortune^, aid iu extending the commerce of tho colony, ond who bring outlying regions withlu easy distance of the capital.— Sydney Empire , May 23. Liuht Ship.— Yesterday's ' Gazette ' contains a notification that lenders will bo received at tho Colonial Secretary's Olttco until Monday, the 11th of Juno next, from persons willing to contract _ for tho alterations necessary for converting the Bramblo into a light ship for the Sow and Pigs. Persons inte rested iu this announMiuent mav obtain particulars at tho Port ?Master's Ortice.— Ibid. The famous good ship Walter Hood will coiumcuce to uke in her dead weight, oil, ,tc , on Wednesday. The pressing of the wool commenced tills morning by hydraulic pressure.— Ibiil. The Thalestris is lOu days from the Downs. She brings au Immense cargo of ale, chiefly In bulk. Alurch 24, she spoke the barque Truro, iu latitude 32 degrees rj5 inlnuies south, longitude 20 degrees west, for iloreton Bay, with emigrants ; all well, — I /till. Tho Teleinacho Is a Greek brig, and brings 62 passengers (a motley crew) from Monte Video. Sho experienced very heavy weather during tho voyage, and lost tho greater [art of her sails. The Hamburg brig Henrietta E.lza was to follow her, also with ' passengers for Sydney. The Royal Lily left Sydney lor Valparaiso, chartered May l.-j, and had reached 162 degrees ea-t (800 miles), when sjio sprang a leak in her bottom, which compelled her to put back. She has had very bad weather, with gales from tho north and south-west. She makes 5 inches an hour, and will have to be docked, or go on tho Patent Slip. 1 Middle Head. -Mr. Downs brought tho last 24-pouudCr from off the Middlo Head to town yesti rduy morning. There are now only two - 12-pimnders remaining, both serviceable. Tho 24 poundcr, accidentally lost overboard a few days ago, has been picked up again. The anvil and tools from tho blacksmith's shop are taken away, aud only two iron houses now remain 011 Middle Head. ' I The Chiefuiin, schooner, left the Richmond, May 25th, and -arrived yesterday morning She reports tho following vessels as having left with the same tide: Sea Gull, Jane, Australasian League, Ebenozcr, Josephine, Hhodorick Dliu, Christopher George, and' Catherine and Agnes The Frolic, aud Margaret and Mary wore ready for Sea. The Emma, Anna Maria, and Heury were loading The Chieftain spoke the brig Burnett oil Port Stephens, for Wide Bay,. May, 27th. May 26th, sighted a stenrncrolf Smoky Cape, bound northward. — Empire. Tim Sultana.— The emigrants by the Sultana, the day afier her arrival here, presented Captain Tapper with an address, ex. \ pressive of their gratitude l'or his kindness and attention tu theui j' during the voyage. This compliment is, front its raritv, the more valuable, and most significant of the estimation in which Captain Tapper is held by his passengers.— Ibid. The City of Sydney, steamer, will not resumo lior voyages for the present, but will bo taken .tipuu the l'yrmont Patent Slip In tho meantime tlic Waratah -will suiinlv Imr .,.,.1 ,i.„ Shamrock, mw a new boat, that of the Waratah to Moreton Bay. . . ' , ? The Euglc, steamer, left Twofold' Bay at 6 p.in. on Saturday She reports the Mary, schooner, discharging coals in the Bay The latter reported having passed, on May aatli, about teii miles seaward of Kiarna, a kctoli, capsized. The vesscl'shull was com pletely, .underwater, aud nothing visible buta portion of the rigging, and tho masthead, which was painted black. No clue to her iiauic could bo obtained. Tho brigs Sarah and Emma were still. lm. Twofold Bay. . Tho latter vessel had made a fourth attempt at weathering the .Gape, but was again driven back by the violence of the weather. The Friends, schooner, sailed for Melbourne,' 'May 21. Tho Eaglo encountered a squtherly 'burster,' of half an hour's duration, on Saturday night, She brings 65 Tiales wool and sundries.— Ibid. , Tho Wi.liam Donuy, steamer, left Auckland May ID, ivith a falling barometer and a heavy fall of rain. On tho afternoon of tho following day she' encountered furious squalls from south west; the barometer falling as low us 29° iu', when Captain Maillcr deemed it prudont to anchor under the North Capo for tho night. . May 21, having again put to sea, tho gale Increased to such extent as rcnJered it ncccssary to put back to Mougantii which port1 sho finally left at D a.m. May 22, ro icliing Sydney 1 heads in 6 days and 15 hours. Ou the Queen's birthday, at sea, AU lien Sou Alice aud Monsieur Valcre gave a concert on board the Denny In aid of the Patriotic Fund, the proceeds of which will bo handed to the Treasurer. Tho Heather Bell left Auck land May 17. The William Denny was detained several days at' AucHland through the inclcmency of the weathor. ? Ibid. The Wonga. Wonga (steamer) left Port Phillip May 26. at 5-30 p.ra ,*and entered tho Heads this morning at 2.30 a.m Sho experienced strung noitli-wcstcrly winds till within 31 miles of Ram Iload. After .rounding the Howe, the weather became so violent. as to necessitate the easing of the engines, by which the run has been considerably protracted. May 27, at 9 a.m passed a large ship under close-reefed topsails and reefed courses standing to tho westward, supposed to bo tho Commodore Perry' Sho bore, from Wilson's Promontory S. W. by W. 50 mites;. U j 9 p.m., same dky, passed the Telegraph, steamer, off Ram Head. Off Montague Island, saw a small fore and aft schooner under a storm sail. Captain Gilmorc represents tho weather during a part of the passage up, as the most boisterous ho has witnessed ; on tho coast.— Ibid. ? . 1 Tli'o Constitution is 98 days from. Southampton, Smali-pox is aboard of her, and she is now in quarantine; 4 died of that diseaso during tho passage/and 10 from hooping-cough and general debility. There are now 12 persons 111 of smail.pox, who will bo at onco removed into the Harmony, quarantine ship and tho healthy passengers will be landed, and tho ship tho roughly cleansed. There have been 8 births, one infant died. The- emigrants aro English, comprising both laborers and me chanics, and consist of 78 married couples, 35 women, 65 inen, and 116 children. The Constitution was amongst the ice for a week in lat. 44 dcg. S, and loug, 18 W.—I6id. The Palermo reports the arrival of tho Alocto at Moreton Bay May 19; tile .Gn2ehound sailed for London May 16.— I bid. ? Tho. Peru came out of quarantine yesterday morning; and anchored off Garden Island ; tho Constitution is the only vessel now In quarantine. — I bid. The Gazohound got clear over the bar on Wednesday, having full cargo and water 011 board for London,- and cleared at the Customs yostorday. Sho draws ten feet two Inches. The cap tain is confident of making a quick iwssage.— Moreton Day Cou rier, Mhy l!-, VESSELS IN IIOBSON'S BAY AND THE IUVER. , (T V SHIPS... Alma, Austral!!, 'Mountain, Australia, Robinson, Blue Jacket, Boomerang, Clangregor, Comoro, Czar, Cambridge, Defencc, Eiizaboth, Echo, Gertrude, Golden Land, Glentantier, Launces ton, Northumberland, Napoleon III, Nngoski, Ralph Waller, Rtcnzi, Salem, Skidd, Thomas Fieldiug, Tasmania, Tuskina, Tagal, Ulteiila, Wallace. .1 STEAMEE3. , I Lowestoft, JIald of- the Yarra, Manchester, Meteor, North Star. . ' ' 1 L'ARQOES. Ajax, Ameer, Antelope, Alpha, Blanche, Cairo, Collingsburg, Courier, Crouch Brothers, Durham, Dorothea, Eagle, Eliza Fran ces, Eblana, F. E. Schutt; Fairy Queen, France, General Palmer, ? Indus,; Maria, Melpomeno, Oberon, Oliver Van Noord, Princess Alice, Prince Arthur, Robert Dickinson,' Sandwich, Slrl, Trafal gar, Zwann. . . ' ?- '' ' - BRIGS. ' ' ' ' I 'Anno AVisc, . Anne, Countess, Clara, Colchester, Contents Drover, Dromedary, Envoy, Ellen and Elizabeth, Emclie, Fei gus, Free, Glencoe, Grccian Queen, Ilsriniorie, Hannah Maria, Jenny, Leander, Ocean, : PlumBtead, Pacifico, R.M.D., Rapid, Ruby, Strive, Wandoror, Zephyr. SCHOONERS, Albion, Albert, Alexander, Ariel, Argenli, Amicus, Athol, Alice Briton, Bascarne', Cuba, Cliva, Ellis Martin, Flying Cloud, Francis, Flying Eagle,' Friends, Grafton, Glance, Highlander, Hargrcavos, Jamos Daly, Kossuth, Laurel, Louisa, Maid of Ali cante, Marlqulta, Minnot, Mary and Rose,Maypo,Mariposo,Non. pariel, ' Oliver Frost, Oineo, Robert Lawo, Retriever, Swansea x-uuivoi, oima, in™ vi c ) ic, xuyueiu, viceroy, venture, Yarra. NOT CLASSED. Mountain Maid, Sea Bird, Sailors' Friend, Scotia, ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES Since date of last Summary ? ARRIVED. May 4 Omoga, ship, London 6, iPrincess Alioo, barque, Liverpool 0 Uni, French brig, Bordeaux . .. ; 7 Crouch Brothers, barque, Valparaiso 9 Mary Carson, ship, Cardiff 10 Oberon, Chilian barque, Valparaiso 10 Tasmania, ship, London 11 Tuskina, U.S. ship, Hong Kong 11 Boomerang, ship, Liverpool 12 F. E. Schutt, Hamburg barque, Shanghai 12 Maas, Dutch ship, London 13 llltonla, ship, Liverpool 13 Sklold, Danish ship, Gottenburg 13 Zephyr, brig, Berwick on-Tweed. 13 Blue Jacket, ship, Liverpool 14 Blanche, barque, Cork 16 Whlstl or, ship, Hong Kong 15 Jenny, Danish brig, Mcmcl 15 Salem, ship, from Liverpool 15 Do Zwann, barque, London 17 Alma, ship, Loith 17 Mermaid, ship, Liverpool 20 Gertrude, French ship, Dieppe 22 Antelope, Swedish barque, Gottenburg 22 Wallace, ship, Greenock 26 Thomas Fielding, ship, Hong Konf 28 Elizabeth, ship, llong Kong 30 Ameer, barque. Hong Kong 3 ) Clangregor, ship, Liverpool June 2 India, ship, Hong Kong 2 Ricnzl, barque, Boston 2 Lucy, brig, Mauritius 2 Thomas and Ann Cole, ship, Callao 2 Vigilant, barque, Hong Koug SAILED. May 1 Prince Oscar, barque, Valparaiso 1 Annio, barque, Hong Kong 2 Charles, ship, Callao 2 Persia, barque, Ceylon »3 Hero, barque, Callao 5 Alice Maud, barque, Valparaiso 7 Elizabeth Thompson, barque, Calcutta 8 Aurora, barque, Callao s Rio Grande, barque, Caloutta 8 Mary Taylor, brig, Guam 9 Hastings, ship, Callao D Alice Frazer, barque, New Bedford a Chceseborougli, ship, Singapore 9 Johanna, barque,. Valparaiso 10 Richard and Harriett, ship, Callao 11 Ina, barque, Bristol 11 Douglas, schooner, Callao 11 Canaan, ship, Calcutta 1 1 Hastings, ship, Callao 12 TubalCain, brig, Valparaiso 12 Greyhouud,ship, Valparaiso 12 Reliance, schootior, Mauritius 14 Wodan, ship, Guam 16 Regent, schooner, Mauritius 19 Whistler, ship, Singa|-ore 19 William and Mary, ship, Caloutta 20 Actif, barque, Guam 20 Sir C.Napier, barque, Callao.) 20 B. L. Ilariman, Callao 20 Jane, schooner, Mauritius 20 Kate Hastings, barque, Calcutta 20 William and Martha, schooner, Calcutta 23 Antilles, barque, Singapore 25 Agneta, ship, Mauritius 25 William Cole, ship, Guam 29 Atalanta, brig, Guam 29 Emma Isadora, barque, Mauritius 29 Veuilla, ship, Hong Koug 30 Earl of Elgin, ship, Callao . 30 Ellen, brig, Guam 31 Eagle, ship, Liverpool June 1 Oaiega, ship, Point do Gull* 1 Gambia, slilp, Callao 1 Olivia, slilp, Callao 2 Oberon, turque, Valparaiso 2 Annio Wilson, ship, Callao 2 Recruit, ship, Callao VESSELS SOLD SINCE 1st MAY. Alice Martin, sch. G6 tons, M-Wihs to Samuel White. Rebecca, sch, 30 tons, 30'e4tlui- to Uduiutul Graut. Phffib*, sch.t 89 tons, 64-C4ths, to J. W. Toblo, J. Mallraiu and W. II. Hales. Efl'ort, sch. 80 tons, 64-«4ths, to John Scott. Maid of Alicante, sch., 98 tons, U4-64ths, to James Lau rCSus'an and Kate Dentil, sch^ 84 tons, 64-$4th», to W, II. But cher, S. W. ifGowan, and T. Wlue®. tumbler, seh., *2 tons, «4-«4ths, to W. 6. U. Daaca Isabella, ciUttr, 31 WW, tfl.tfitUi, to Colt, pftttct, wa Norlo» | VESSEL REGISTERED SINCE 1st MAY. Golden Land, ship, 71? ton, built in Amerloa, 1833. The Daniel Rd^s, and Hampden, arrived oh the 26th ult., from Hamburg, with a largo number of Gorman Immigrants, consist ing of shcphcrfls and laborers. They havo all arrived In good health, nor were there any deaths during the passage with t-lic exception of three infants. The following vessels luivo been spoken January 7, Amarauth, from Glasgow, to Sydney, 12 ilays out, lat. 41*62 N, long. 18.50 W. January 20, Stafford, from Southampton to Sydney, -vlth emigrants, 9 days out, lat. 31 44 N. long. 21.30 W. May 2, Beatrice, from Liverpool, to Sydney, 49 days out, lat. 35-34 S., long. 16*18 'W. April 21, Margaret, hence lor Melbourne, also on 22ud Instant, Victoria Packet, hence for Melbourne. —Ibid. The Chilian barque Carmen, 343 tons, Captain Uallen, was loading at Mauritius for Australia; the schooner Rhondi\a, 99 tons, Captain M'Lachlan, for Melbourno on the 9th March. The Omega was towed up to the Hay yesterday morning. She has on board 336 souls, classed as follows : Married couples, 1'2S ; singlo mon, 12 ; slnglo women, 97 ; boys from 1 to 14 years of age, 32; girls ditto, 60; infants, 9. Two deaths and six births occurred during the passage ; of the former was, Keb. 12, Sarah Edward, of Vusoy, Wiltshire, single female, ago 19 j April 20, Rebecca Smith (married), aged 21, The births were, March lf», Mrs Coulson of a male child : March 22nd, Mrs Bolderson, of a male child; Mrs Cowall, ot' a female child; Mrs Campbell of the same. May 4th, in coming up tho bay, Mrs Maylor, of a malo child. Tho health of tho immigrants generally is good ; and tho cleanliness and goncral good order of the vessel reflect great crodit, both on the surgoon superlntoudant, Or- \V. Arthur, who has Tisited this part previously, and the captain and oftlccrs of the skip. , Loss of tiik Spkc. — The brig Spec, of 161 tons, Captain Bar rack, sailed from this port, for the Island of Port do France, with a full cargo for the French Government, and having on . board Captain and^Mrs Oliver and child as passengers. She arrived and there safely,' discharged her cargo, and then proceeded to a small bay six or scvon miles down the coast for the purpose of taking the copper, anchovs, chains, &e.; of the ship Hannibal, which had been wrecked there a few months before. She arrived anchored there, when shortly afterwards It came on to blow a heavy gale of wind, and the vessel parted her chains, drove ashore, and became a total wreck. The pilot of the French Set tlement and several French man-of- war's men wero on board at tiie time. Seven men were unfortunately lost (we believe four of tho. French seamen and three of the brig's crew). Tho captain and the remainder of the orcw walked over to tho Froncli settle ment, where the captaiu at present remains. Tho oppoitunlty allnrdcd by a frigate going to the Isle of Pines was taken by three of the seamen, and when f-n the passago to that place they fell In with the Favorite, and Captain Allan kindly took them ou board, and brought them on to Sydney. The Spec is tne property of Captain Smith, and is uninsured.— Sydney Morning Her (ltd, 1 