NEWCASTLE. ARRIVALS. December 31.— Cynthia, barque, 251 tons, Captain M'Leod, from Melbourne, in ballast. January 2. — Native Lass, schooner, 109 tons, Captain Griffiths, from Launceston, in ballast. January 2.— Fawn, brig, Captain Gawler, from Sydney. January 3.— B. M. Warflelo. baraue. 180 tons. Captain Camp bell, from Melbourne, in ballast. DEPASTURE. January 6.— Gazelle, brig, 153 tons, Captain Parkin, for Mel bourne, with 244 tons coals. The steamer Tasmania, for Hobart Town, was prevented from sailing at 3 p.m. yesterday, in consequence of having some hprses to take on board, intended for that port. We believe she will pro ceed to eea at 9 o'clock this morning. TWOFOLD BAY. Arrival.— December 24.— New World, barque, from San Fran cisco, for Melbourne, with cargo and passengers. Departures,— December22.— Betnever, brig, for HobartTown, with stock; Favaway, brig, for Melbourne ; Triumph, schooner, for Leunceston. 24. Alice, schooner, for Melbourne. In Poet.— December 28.— Unknown, schooner, for Sydney; Alice Brown, biig, taking in stock for New Zealand. Great prevalence of north-east winds, with very thick dry weather. MOBETON BAT. Arrivals.— December 22. Bella Vista, from Sydney ; Comet, from Sydney ; Sarah Ann, from Sydney. January 1. Boomerang (s.), from Sydney. Departure.— December 27. City of Melbourne (s.), for Wide Bay. Violent gales have been experienced in the bay during the last few days, and have detained vessels on the outward voyage. Yesterday morning there were no less than eight vessels anchored at the bar, viz., the General Hewitt, MaryHolland, Sporting Lass, Sarah Ann, Souvenir, Bella Vista, Comet, and Henrietta. Such boisterous -weather has not been known for a long lime. A small boat was carried away from the Sporting Lass by the sea. — More- ton Bay Courier, December 23. The Gaze Hound, a barque, 140 feet long, with 26 feet beam, has been built in England expressly for the trade between Brisbane and London direct. She was to sail from London for Sydney on or about the 15th October, and would then come on to Moreton Bay. Her draught, when laden, is ten feet. — Moreton Bay Courier, December 23. The brig Sporting Lass -wan engaged early in the week, and went down, the river to bring up the immigrants from the General Hewitt, but the rough weather has prevented her from lying alongside. The passengers have thus been' detained on board a week longer than they had a right to expect, and many persons from the bush have been detained at considerable expense in town expecting that the people would be ready for hiring on Tuesday last, as announced on authority. The steamer City of Melbourne was ultimately engaged for the service, and yesterday afternoon brought the whole of the immigrants, who were lodged in the depot. The baggage and cargo will be brought up from the ship by the Sporting Lass, which is expected to arrive to- day.— Moreton Bay Courier, December 23. HOBfcBT TOWN. Arrivals. — December' 21. Mary Goddard, from London. 23. City of Hobart (s), from Melbourne ; Helen, from Sydney. 24. Oftley, from a whaling voyage. 25. Southern Cross and William Hammond, from London; Australasia, fsom London. 27. Re triever, from Twofold Bay. Departures. — December 22. Drover, for Auckland. 27. Leck woods, for Ceylon. Cleared Out.— December 23. Honduras, for Rangoon. 27. Eucalyptus, for Chatham Islands. MELBOUBNE. Arrivals.— December 30. Governor, and Asia, from London ; Marion Moore, from Liverpool ; Belle of the West, and Onderkirk, from London ; Fayaway, from Newcastle ; Tudor, from South ampton ; Evening Star, from Jersey ; Fulwood, from Liverprol. 31. Lady Octavla, from Greenock ; Pluto (8.), from Liverpool; Spray, from Nelson ; Indemnity, from London ; Wild Wave, from Guernsey ; Ann, from Dundee. Janu ary 1. New World, from San Francisco; City of Sydney (s.}, from Sydney. 2. Orwell, from London ; Fame, from. Newcastle; Carntyne, from Liverpool ; Union, from Bordeaux ; Belle Creole, front Wellington ; John Mitchell, from Leith; Governor-General (s.), from Sydney. Departures. — January 7. Blackwall, for London. Exports. — December 30: Blackwall, for London: 1011 bales wcol, 2 boxes personal effects, 3 cases drapery, 1 case stationery, 3 cases clothing, 2 cases woollens, 1 case muslins, 1 case books, 162 bags tin ore (S tons 8£ cwt.}, 58 boxes gold, containing 45,758 oz. 6 dwte. 6 grs. Wreck of the Hiram.— By an advice which, has reached Messrs. Mclchior and Co., of this city, we learn that the brig Hiram, from Shanghai, bound to this port with a cargo of tea, has been wrecked off Lima Islands, on a reef about seventy miles to the S.E. The letter, which is dated Batavia, 11th November, does little more than chronicle the event. It appears that the Good Success, also on her way to this port from China, observed and visited the wreck on the 9th October last, when it was found with the stump of the foremast only standing, and with the sea washing over the deck, the bulwarks and the hatches having been swept away. There were no passengers on board the Hiram, but it is feared that the crew must have perished. In the letter the Hiram is described as an American brig, but it is believed that she is Danish.— Argus, January 2. We are requested to state that at the time the Prince of the Seas went ashore at the Heads, there was no pilot on board. The vessel was afterwards boarded, and run aground a second time in order to save her, as she was fast filling. The captain has, we believe, expressed himself satisfied with the pilot in charge.— Argus. GEELONG. Arrivals.— December 30. Isabella and Martha, from Newcastle ; Number One, from London ; Hargrares, from Launceston. 31. Windermere, from London. PORTLAND. Arrivals.— December 23. Champion (a.), from London; Bir mingham, from Plymouth. Tee Birmingham.— This large ship arrived with 421 immigrants on Saturday last. There had been 12 deaths on board during toe passage ; and as there were some cases of measles on board when she came to port, the immigrationauthorities deemed it prudent to place her in quarantine, where she now lies. This is the first case of a --hip having been put in quarantine at this pott..— Portland Guardian, December 28. ADELAIDE. Arrivals.— December 21. Antelope (s.), from Melbourne. 23. Ann Boxoy, from Glasgow. 24. Sea Nympb, from Sydney; George Glen, from Singapore. Cleared Out.— December 23. Antelope (s.), for Liverpool. The Government schooner Yatala, with Captain Freyling, R.E., Surveyor-General, Mr. Giles, Manager of the South Australian Company, and Captain Thomas, Agent for the Peninsular and Oriental Company, vailed from the harbour last evening1. The object of their trip has not been divulged, but is, thought tbat they will visit Kangaroo Island, to ascertain if the mails for Port Adelaide by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company's boats could, without incurring any delay, and with a saving of time in the conveyance of throe for Melbourne and Sydney, be transferred ' at some western point of the island' to a small steamer which would deliver them at Fort Adelaide. ' If this object could be secured (says our informant) by such an ar \- langement, many other advantages of minor, but by no means of inconsiderable, importance would follow, under energetic and vise management.' — South Australian Register, December 21st. Collision at Sea.— The Champion steamer, hence to Portland, hove in Bight yesterday afternoon, having iu tow a dismantled vessel, which at first was supposed to be the wreck of the steamer Young Australian, but turned out to be the steamer Melbourne, from Port Elliott, bound to Port Adelaide. Captain Helpman, of the steamship Champion, reports that on the 20th instant, at midnight, whilst beating down Backstairs Passage (at the time it was blowing' very hard) we sighted a vessel ahead coming down before the wind on the starboard bow. The Cham pion put her helm to starboard, when the Melbourne put her helm immediately to port, which enabled the Champion to make her out to be a steamer ; she immediately reversed her engines, but at the same time running into the Melbourne abaft her port pad dlebox, carrying away her funnel, and quite disabling her. At this time it was quite dark ; in fact the Champion, had burnt blue lights for some time. The position of the Melbourne being dis covered about two hours after the accident, a hawser was made fa6t to the disabled vessel, and having been 'token in tow by the Champion, she was brought in. The Champios has received damage to the extent of £100, all the injuries being- above water.— S. A. Register, December 22. CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. AssrvAis.— November 14. Nabob, from Liverpool. 20. Lady Octavian, from Greenock, for Melbourne. Departures.— November 16. Nabob, for Melbourne, 17. James, .M'Kenry, and Robert Lane, for Melbourne. 18. Herald of the Morning, for Melbourne. CALCUTTA SHIPPING. Arrivals.— Ellen, from Melbourne, September 14th ; Mary Ann, from Melbourne, 16th ; Conway, from Melbourne, 21st ; Sabrina. from Sydney, 27th; Janet Mitchell, from Melbourne, 27th ; Koh i-noor, from Melbourne, 29th ; Lloyds, from Melbourne, October 6th ; Roehampton, from Adelaide, 11th ; Andromache, from Mel bourne, Hth ; Vaillaint, barque, from Sydney, 11th ; Matilda Wattenbach, from Melbourne 15th ; Glenroy, from Melbourne, 17tb. October 6. Lloyds, from Melbourne. 11. Vaillant Barque, from Sydney ; Andromache, from Melbourne ; Roehamp ton, from Adelaide. 15. Matilda Wattenbach, from Sydney. 17. Glenroy, from Melbourne. Departures.— Genevieve, for Swan Biver, September 28 ; Charlotte, for Melbourne, October 7. Charlotte, for Melbourne. Loading.— Forres, and 8ir Edward Paget, for Sydney ; Janet Mitchell, for Melbourne ; Bory O'More, for Launceston. CEYLON. Arrivals.— At Colombo : from Melbourne— Kossuth, October 17 ; ? from Adelaide — Trafalgar, October 6 ; from Fremantle — Bamilies, October 8. At Galle :— from Melbourne, Madras, October 2 1 : Nil Desper andum, October 23. CHINA SHIPPING. Arrived.— At Hong Kong— From Melbourne: Martin Luther, Oct. 4th; Nightingale, Oct. 15th ; Carpentaria, Oct. 17th ; Childe Harold, Oct. 27th, From Sydney : Granite City and Spirit of the Age, Oct. 6th. Loading —For Melbourne : Adele, Taranta. For Sydney : James Booth. BATAVIA. Arrivals. — October 26. Neerlands Koningen., from. Sydney. November 1. Alma and Olga, from Sydney. The steamer Boomerang arrived from Moretoa Bay on Snnday, after a remarkably quick passage of 46& hours from Heads to Heads, and 52 hours from wharf to wharf, being one of the fastest on record. Captain O'Beilly reports having passed the Raven and Brilliant, schooners, going up to Brisbane. The steamer City of Melbourne was towing the barque Mary Holland, over the river bar as the Boomerang came out. The brig Sporting Lass was lightering the cargo of the General Hewitt. The steamer City of Melbourne reported the steamer William Misfein aground in Wide Bay when she left, and had been so for seven (7) days previously. The brig Palermo, hence, arrived in Brisbane on the 4th instant. The Bella Vista was expected to sail for Sydney on the 6th instant. The fine American clipper ship Mandarin, -which arrived on Saturday, from Richmond, Virginia, has had rather a long passage which may be attributed chiefly to her having carried away her mainmast on the 19th day after leaving Hampton Roads, and being compelled to lay to for several days to repair damages. She called at Melbourne for the purpose of landing part of her cargo. I Captain Peril reports having spoken a British barque (name un- I known) on the 22nd November, in latitude 13*33 S., longitude I 83-45 W. from Port Phillip, bound to Liverpool ; also, December I a4, in latitude 39-26, longtitude 124-05 E., exchanged signals with I 2 British barque bound to the eastward with emigrants. I The Ebba Brahe, which arrived from Plymouth on Saturday last, has made a splendid passage of 83 days from that port. Captain Davison has kindly furnished us with papers to October 14. The Ebba Brahe has brought to this port 392 1/2 government immi grants, classed as follows :— 42 married couples, 163 single women, 106 single men, and 68 children. Notwithstanding the excellent passage this vessel has made, there has been a great deal of sickness on board, and the following diseases broke out, viz., cholera, meazles. hooping cough, and chicken pocks. There have been seventeen deaths, occasioned principally from cholera and three births on board during the voyage. The greater portion of the immigrants are Irish and principally agricultural labourers; there are, however, a few English miners on board. The vessel has been placed in quarantine for a few days, in consequence of there being a few cases of meazles still on board. The Ebba Brahe is commanded by Captain Davison, late of the Lady Kens way, who on his last trip in that vessel, brought us late English news and has on the present voyage brought us papers to the latest date received. The steamer City of Sydney arrived on Saturday, at 11 a.m., MYing left Port Phillip HeadB on the 3rd instant, at 6 J).m. January 3, at 10 p.m., passed a steamer, supposed to be the Argo hence; January 4, at 10-10 p.m., passed the steamer London, about 80 miles S.W. of Cape Howe, and at 11 5 p.m., the same day, the steamer Wonga Wongs, about 12 Iniles astern of the London. The steamer Governor-General arrived in Hobson's Bay on the 2nd instant, at 4 p.m. The Woolootnooloo arrived on Tuesday from London, but has been unusually long on her passage. She left the Isle of Wight on the 20th September, and touched at St. Jago on 16th Ootober, ?where she remained eight henre to water, and in that time took on board 2000 gallons. Captain Stewart states that he met with every faoility at that port, and strongly recommends vessels calling there if requiring supplies. The line was crossed on 27th October, and the Cape rounded on 28th November. From thence to the Straits an excellent run was made of 30 days, but the weather throughout the passage has been remarkably fine; and tee topgallant sails have never been off the Ehip. October S3, spoke the Earl of Eglinton, from Glasgow to Port Phillip, with emigrants, in latitude 6-5 N. Also on the 6th of same month, signalled the Rajasthan from London to Sydney in latitude 32-22 N. Captain Stewart has brought out the silver price cup, to be contested for at the forthcoming regatta. The Ashburton, Captain King, arrived on Tuesday from London, having made the passage in 105 days ; she brings no report of interest, not having seen any vessels finoe leaving the land. The following account of the narrow escape the veBEcl had on her homeward passage last voyage will be read with interest. She left Sydney with a cargo of wool, timber, &c;, crew and pasBengerB amounting to about eighty souls. After a moderate fine passage she reached latitude 43-42' N., longitude 26-5G W., up to which there was no appearance of heat from the cargo, nor yet of smoke, but a strong stench was experienced six or seven cays previous, although no particular attention was paid to it beyond it being very disagreeable, and a survey taken of the hold, so far as pos sible. On the ninth day of July the stench became much worse and a light smoke was to be seen passing up out of the hatchways. On the following morniDg, Monday, we had a change of weather, the wind was N.N.E., strong, with rain ; the Btench became very strong, and after daylight the smoke became very thick, so much so that the passengers could no longer remain below deck. It was now very evident that the ship was on fire. The hatches were all battened down and every aperture whereby air could be con veyed to the hold was closed, the fire engine got readv, the boat* all properly equipped and each person allotted to hm boat, and everything prepared for the worst. It would be impossible to describe the awful scene of excitement that now took place— every one on deck with their baggage ready to go (they knew no where) in the boats ; but about noon it began to calm a little, and Captain King called all the gentlemen passengers and officers of the ship together and proposed breaking out the cargo in search of the ' fire, and called on all to assist and keep good order while the crew were at work. The courses were hauled up, the small sails stowed, and the mainyard lnid to the mast, and the hatches opened, when al! hands commenced working coolly and steadily, a number of empty water casks and some lumber were thrown overboard to make room for stowing the wool on deck as it cams up. Whilst the men were workinsr tbe stench and smoke was almost unsupportable, and after getting on deck about 200 bales of wool they reached the fire under the lower deck near the ' pump well, the bales were drawn out and hoisted on deck and thrown overboard a solid mass of fire ; further search was made, but, fortunately, all danger was removed, and before dark that night all the wool was stowed away below and everything in its place. The ship made all sail, steering her course, and every one on board relieved from the dreadful thoughts of fire at sea. Noble Conduct or the Captains and Passengers of the Argo and Oliver Lang. — The friends of the late respected Edward Wilbraham Bell had subscribed and secured a cabin passage for his widow and children, by the Oliver Lang. On Saturday, when on board, and on the eve of sailing, the unfortunate lady was arrested at the the suit of Mr. John Henry Nixon, a creditor ef, and administrator to her deceased husband, for tbe sum of £110, in respect of a debt, contracted not by the defendant, but by her deceased husband. The grounds for the alledged indebted ness, and for the arrest, being that she had converted to her own use certain goods to which the plaintiff claimed title as adminis trator, these goods having been in fact,, distrained on, and sold by the landlord for rent, and the widow possessing this complete defence to the action on the merits, had pleaded not guilty, and the cause was at issue. Besides, the plaintiff was long ago ap prised of the defendant's intended departure, but delayed her capture to the last. His conduct in not, however, to be regretted since it has at once illustrated himself, and those nobler spirits who thus rescued the widow and the fatherless from a gaol. The Waconsta has made a fine paesage from Plymouth, and brings 252 emigrants under the superintendence of Dr. J. Bern castle, classified as follows ; — 29 married couples, 59 single men, 122 single women, 41 children. Only one death occurred, that of an infant. October 29, spoke the Asia, for Melbourne, in latitude 9-32, N in longitude 24-11 W. The ship appears remarkably clean and the passengers have enjoyed excellent health during the passage. The Hellespont left Port Phillip Heads at midnight on Saturday December 30th, passed a strange three-masted screw steamer en tering, supposed to be a vessel from England, and the clipper ship Lady Octa via. At 6.30 a.m. on Tuesday, passed the steamship Argo, 10 iniles north of the Dromedary. The Wonga Wong a. —This fine steam-ship, which started on her first colonial trip on the 3rd instant, is the sister ship of the Citv of Sydney. She was built in the Clyde under the supervision of the Secretary, of the Company, Mr. Patterson, and is in every respect equal, and in some respects superior, to the City of Sydney. The particulars «-f her build, tonnage, engines, &c;, have on several occasions been mentioned in this journal, and we feel it necessary now only to repeat that her engines were built by Thompson and Co., of Glasgow; they are direct-acting, and of 180-horse power, nominally, but will work up to 300-horse power. The cylinders are 51 inches in diameter, with 3 feet stroke ; and all the mechanical departments appear in admirable order. She has great capacity for carrying purposes. Her chief cabin is sub stantially and beautifully fitted up, and the sleeping berths are commodious and well ventilated. The cabin for second-class pas sengers is superior, and is equal to the usual fittings of a first class sailing 6hip. For third-class passengers the accommodation is dean and comfortable. The Wonga Wonga went down the harbour and about five miles outside the heads on Monday. Some of the directors and shareholders were present, and were highly delighted with her performances. Although steaming against a head-wind, and without her full power being applied, she went along very fast. The scientific gentlemen wbb were present, pro nounced a strong opinion as to the faithfulness of her build, the superiority of her engines, and the strong probability of her be coming a great favorite in the trade between this port and Mel bourne. She is commanded by Captain Robert Gilmore, formerly of the Royal Mail steamship Australian. After returning from sea the Wonga Wonga anchored in Watson's Bay, and considerable justice was done to an excellent cold collation which was pro Tided for the occasion. The Chairman, Mr. Robert Campbell, M.L.C., presiding. The Australasian Steam Navigation Company have now a fleet of 1 8 vessels— all more or less employed in the in ter-colonial trade. Captain George Gilmore, the senior master in the Company's employ, was unanimously and appropriately styled 'The Commodore.' The Ocean Wave, from Manila, reports the Amelia, from Wampoa for Port Phillip, with Chinese emigrants, 150 days out, in Maccassa Strait*. Also the Marmion, for Port Phillip, 72 days out, same place. The Lima brings no report of interest. The Star, from the South Sea Islands, reports having seen the schooner Bertha, three months out, with 3 tuns cocoanut oil, on the equator,November 25. The schooner Black Dog, was reported at the Kingsmill Group on the 25th November. The steamer Tasmania left Hobart Town on the 28th ultimo at 4 p.m., and arrived yesterday at 7 a.m., having made a fair passage of 87 hours. Captain Clinch reports ha vi ng spoken on the 9th ultimo off Bateman's Bay, the ehip Waconsta, from Plymouth, (with emigrants) bound for this psrt 91 days out ; also, . on same date off JerviB Bay, the schooner Callender from Mel bourne, bound for Sydney. Our new Governor Sir William' Denison has taken his passage in the Tasmania, and will come up by that vessel on her next trip. The Unknown, from Twofold Bay, reports the New World from San Francif co bound to Melbourne, as having arrived there on. tbe 23rd ultimo, and sailed again on the 27th. A few of her pas sengers have arrived here by the Unknown. The Prince of Wales from London, bos been very unfortunate, since passing the Cape of Good Hope, having had head winds and very bad weather until making this land. She has spokennothing connected with the colonies during tbe voyage. The Eagle (s.), from Port Stevens the 30th ultimo, reports con siderable damage having been done by the fires, which were ourn ing in all directions. The H.M. Wharfield was at Carrington, and would load lime for Newcastle. The clipper schooner Wave, and the new colonial ketch Tyne, are advertised for sale at auction by Messrs. Eowden and Threlkeld, this day, at the City Mart, at 11 o'clock. The Waterwitch, which arrived from Lyttelton January 3, reports the Dolphin, from Port Cooper, bound to Wellington, on the 22nd ultimo. The steamer Zangari had arrived at Lyttelton from Melbourne, via Nel-on and Wellington, and was to leave again for Wellington on the 19th ultimo. H.M. schooner Pandora was lying at Lyttelton when the Waterwitch left, and was to sail for Auckland in a few days. The barque Tory sailed from Lyttel ton for Sydney, on the 16th ultimo. The Wonga Wonga (s.), left on the 3rd January for Melbourne, and as this is her first trip since her arrival from England, much interest is manifested as to her speed. The London (s.), whose reputation for speed has been well tested, cleared the Heads, about half-an-hour previous, and when last seen both vessels were under full canvas, with a fine breeze at N.E. A large number of ladies and gentlemen availed themselves of the accommodation afforded by the Victoria (s.), running to Watson's Bay, to witness the de parture of the two vessels. The Experiment has been 95 days on her passage from Talea huano. Captain Carlson reports a schooner (name unknown), as having arrived from Melbourne, via Valparaiso, on the day that he left. No vessels have been spoken during the passage. The Tory has been 17 days on the passage from Port Cooper. She brings no report. The emigrant ship William Hammond, arrived in port yester day, having made a splendid passage of 81 days. Saw no vessels during her passage. She had, when she left London, 259 emi grants on board whose health during the passage has been re markably good. Four deaths occurred during the passage and 2 births. — Hobart Town Paper. The Mary Goddard arrived from London yesterday afternoon. She left the Downs on tbe 20th September, and has been 92 days on the passage. This is one of the fastest runs to our port for a long time. She had a very fine run to the Cape of Good Hope, which place she made in 30 days. Since then she has met with nothing but a constant succession of heavy contrary gales, which has tended so much to retard her progress to this port. She brings a very large and miscellaneous cargo. One death occurred in the Downs, from cholera, which was very bad at the time she left. No vessels were spoken for this port. A French barque, bound to Melbourne, was spoken by her in long. 25 E. lat. 37-22 S. on the 9th November, but the Captain was unable to obtain her name. She is an extremely fine three-masted schooner, a very fine sailer. — Hobart Toicn Paper. Newcastle Harbour.— Another wreck had nearly occurred a few days ago. The particulars are given in the following letter to Mr. S. Smyth, Marine Broker : — ' Newcastle, December 23.— Dear Sir,— The Polly Hopkins on leaving the harbour yesterday, with a north-easterly wind, got on the Oyster-bank, and eventually on the beich, where sbe now remains. The weather at the time of the accident was and has continued since very fine ; and with a little exertion the vessel and cargo, in all probability, may be saved. This accident with many others would have been avoided, if there was in the port any of the material that has so often been prayed for, and in fact promised. I have little hopes myself of anything effectual being done till two or three members of the Executive Council, or other powers that be, are drowned. I am, Sir, your obedient Servant,— Francis W. Lodge.' 