Sales pt Auction. ^ THURSDAY, 12th JULY. -In theTInsolvent Estate of C. S. Mossman, By-Order of the Official Assigueee, »H S. Shaw, Esq. I Preemptive Right of Purbhaso of 300 Acres of Land, situate in Van JDJcrueu'd Land. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, 12th inst., at twelve o'clock, By Order of the Official Assignee. The interest of trio above-named insolvent of pre-emptive right to purchase ot the following property, viz : 300 acres, situate on the river Severn, Tas -mania. The right of purchase is any time, from 1st June, 1853, up to a period of ten years, at the rato of 20s. per acre ; in the meantime, subject to a rental of £4 10s. per'nnnum. Tho land has a frontage tu the navigable river Severn, and is well ti n bored. Tho back allot- ments arc sold to Small Farmers and German Immigrants, and improved upon. Terms at Sale. ' 1173 TUESDAY, 10th JULY. At the Stores of Messrs. Lange and Ploos Van Amstel, 152 La Trobc-strcet west. To Millers, Agriculturists, Implement Manufac- turers, and Others. WM. TENNENT ,nnd CO. will sell by #- auction, on tho premises as above, on Tuesday, 10 th inst, at eleven o'clock, Tho following goods Lot 1. 4 pair of Crosskill's patent cart wheels and «des, 4 feet 6 inches high, 3 inch tires, and 2-inch axles, to carry 1 ton. Lot 2. 1 sot of patent waggon wheels and axles, fore wheels 3 feet 2 inches high, hind wheels 4 feet 9 inchce high, by 2i-incb . -tire3 nnd 2J inch axles, to carry 3 tons. ' Lot 3. 1 set of patent waggon wheels and axles, fore wheels 3 feet 3 inches high, hind wheels 4 feet 0 inches high, hy 2-inch ' tires and 21-inch axles, to carry 3 tons. Lot i. 1 pair of patent dray wheels and axles, 4 feet 8 inches high, dj-inch tire and 3 . inch axle, to carry 3 tons. Lot 5. 1 pair of dray wheels and axle, 4 feet 10 inches high, 2-f inch tire, and 2} inch axle, to carry two tons. Lot 0. 1 pair of patent-dray wheels'and axle, * .4 feet 10 inches, C inch tire, and 2J inch ?axle ; to carry two tons. Lot 7. .1 pair of strong dray wheels and axle, ; 4 feet 8 inches high, 1 inch tiro, and 3 inch axle : to carry three tons. Lot 8. 1 set of omnibus wheels and axles, fore wheels 3 feet 4 inches high, hind wheels 4 feet 0 inches high, 2 inch tires, and 2 J inch axles ; to carry three tons. Also, Lot 9-500 iron hurdles Lot 10. A portable flour-mill, 4 feet stones, Frenoh burr. To'be seen previous to the sale, at Lange and . Co.'«. Terms at Sale. 1173 ÏHURSDAY, 12th JULY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. . Salo.by Auction of the Prince of the Seas, now lying off Williamstown. Without Reserve. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by a auction, on hoard, on Thursday, -12th July, at twelve o'clock precisely, for the benefit of whom it may concern. Tho hull, spars, rigging, sails, chains, an- chors, boats, oordago, blocks, and all other the tackle, apparel, and materiel ( sof the Bhip Prince of the Seas, now lying off Willinnrtown. The burtben of this vessel is per register 1427 tons N.M., but will carry upwards oi 2000 tons of cargo. She was huilt in 1853, sheathed with yellow metal, and was classed A1 at Lloyd's for aoven years. The above will he sold in one or more lots (as may ho arranged on the day of sale), with all faults, defects, and deficiencies, and without re- sponsibility for quantity, quality, or otherwise. Further particulars can be obtained on appli- cation to the Commander (on hoard), J. Broadfoot, Esq. ; to Messrs. J. B. Were, Kent, and Co., agents for underwriters; or at the rooms of he auctioneers. 3694 " MONDAY, Oth JULY. Bass Ale. Caso Brandy, &.& WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell hy s auction, at thoir rooms, on Monday, 9th inst., at twelve" o'clock, 12 hhds. Bass's ale 40 cases pale brandy 140 do Vieux cognac. _Terms at Sale._ 1173 MONDAY, 9th JULY. Grocery and Provision Salo. " To Grocers, Storekeepers and the Trade. Mauritius Sugar, Irish Butter, Coffee, Ac. WM. TENNENT and CO. will «eil by . auction, at their rooms, on Monday, 9th inst., at twelve o'clock, 520 bags Mauritius sugar, assorted samples 50 do Plantation coffee 30 do native Ceylon do 4 hales hops 30 firkins Irish butter, &e.; _Terms at Sale._1133 SATURDAY. 7th JULY. To Furniture Dealers, Parties Furnishing, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Saturday, 7th " inst., at twelve o'clock, An assortment of very superior furniture, consisting of Loo tables, carved pillars Choffloncers, marble tops Couchos Sutherland tables Chairs Chests of drawer« Victoria chairs, ¿te. Terms at Salo,_1133 MONDAI, 9th JULY. Wines and Spirit». To Hotelkecpers and Others. Caso Brandy, Bottled Ale and Stout, Chorry Cordial, West India Rum, Old Tom, ¿te. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Monday, 9 th inst, at twolvo o'clock, Invoices of spirits, wines, *c, comprising Sherry, in hulk and bottle Fortr do . Claret, do ^Brandy, in hulk and caso "West India rum, old tom, cherry cordial Bottled alo and stout, 40. Terms - WEDNESDAY. 11th JULY. Gold Diggers' Arms Hotel, Kyneton. To Bankers, Capitalists, and Others'. Eligible Opportunity for Investing Capital. SYMONS and PERRY are instruotod to soil hy auction, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 11th inst, at twelve o'olook, All that piece or parcel of land situate in tho village of Kyneton, county Dalhousie, hoing part of allotment No. 1 of section No. 13, having a ' frontago of 102 feet to Pipor-street, hy two . chains and fifty links along Ebdon-strcct, a corner allotment, containing half an acre, moro or less, together with the messung«, tenement, or pub- lic house, known as the Gold-Diggers' Arms, ; being a handsome and elaborately built two storied stouo building, containing twelve apart- ments, with stabling, and all necessary out offices requisite for a first-class hotol. Tho prc ? mises are in excellent repair, having beon ro oently erected at a aost ol £10,000. The har is well fitted up, and from its contrai position in ? tho main streot of Kynoton, the great leading . thoroughfaro to and from tho various gold-Holds, must command a good business. Tho above mentioned building has been pro nouncod by practical men to bo unoxccptionablo in its construction, and admirably adapted fur a( banking houso, or for government offices, Tho, ifront derations aro all of drcsBCd Btono, and pre-! Bents a very handsomo as well as substantial up -caranoe. Title unexceptionable. Term« at Sale. Further particular« may bo obtained at ti.o i rooms of tho auctioneers. ' Note.-if required tho owners will ttoat with "¿ho pin chaser of the abovo property for the salo of . utlf-acrc allotmont at the roar of it. 1020 "f V Sales bv Auction. ?* THIS DAT. To Grocers, Storekeeper?, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction,' at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, Cth inst., at twelvo o'clock, ' , , ^ 20 barrels raisins 15 do Bath bricks, each 4 dozen 15 do whiting Terms-Cash. 1175 MONDAY, 9th JULY. Commodious Family Residence in George Street, Collingwood. To those requiring a Genteel'Residence in a Healthy Locality. SYMONS and FERRY aro favored with in 6tructions from the proprietor to submit to public competition, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, July 9th, at t« elvo o'clock (unless previously disposed of by private contract), AU that compact and convenient residence situate in George street, Collingwood, adjoining tho Branch of tho English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank ; containing entronco hall, dining and drawing rooms, four bedrooms, kitchen, servants' room, otablo and coach-house, and yard securely fenced. Tho house is neatly Gnishod and papered, having couvenicnt closets and marble chimney pieces, the whole well suited for a respectable family ; the situation is healthy, and for a man of business the distance from the centre of Mel- bourne renders it highly desirable, Title Unquestionable. Terms at Sale. 3902 ' THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Dealers, and Others. Wines, Spirits, Beer, Se. SYMONS and PERRY will Boll by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 0th inst, at twelve o'clock, 120 cases Lowndcs's old tom, 1 dozen 150 do brandy, 1 dozen (Otard's) 25 quarter-casks primo Scotch whiskey, very superior samplo 130 coses superior champagne, 1 dozen each _Terms at Sale._1095 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers and Others. Unreserved Sale of Groceries, 4& SYMONS and PEHR1 will sell by auction, at1 tho Commercial Salea Room, on Friday, Cth inst., at twolvo o'clock, 50 tons fine Liverpool suit, in 2001b bags 120 oases preserved ginger, ia jars 80 boxes Price's belmont sperm candles 3 do cigars 500 bushels primo Scotch oats 30 casks superior V.D L. buttor 100 cases Wnybrow's bottled fruits, 2 dozen each 5 -do Wiltshire cheese, in tins 5 mixed lollies 0 do bloaters in tins, 2 dozen each Terms at Sale. 1095 MONDAY, 9th JULY. , To Boot and Shoe Makers, Storekeepers, Dealers and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, rat the Commercial Sales Room, Monday, 9th met., at twelve o'clock, 1 case containing 113 pairs lace-up boots 1 do do 97 do ldo do 108 do 1 do do 92 do 1 do do 105 do 1 do do 90 do 1 do do 200 pairs Blucher boots 1 do do 30 do 1 do do 100 pairs diggers' boots 1 do do 76 do 1 do do 23 do ' 1 do do 60 do 1 do do 60 do Terms at Salo: 1129 ; " MONDAY, 9th JULY. To Paporhangers, Decorators,Dealers and Others. Unreserved Salo of very Superior Paper hangings, tho best ever Imported into the Colony. SYMONS and PERRY will sell hy auction, at . tile Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 9th inst., at twelve o'clock, Without any Roservo, 10 cases very superior papcrhangings, of every now pattern. Terms at Sale. The above are of a very choice description, and well worthy the attention of tho trado. Samples on view at the auctioneers' rooms. 1129 TlllS DAY. To Timoor Merchants, Builders, and Others. Unreserved Sale of Amerioan Timber. 20,088 Feet Amerioan Pine. "At Raleigh's Wharf. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at Raloigh's Wharf, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 20,688 feet American pino boards, assorted lengths and widths. In lots to suit purchasers. Terms at Sale. Positively no Reserve Observe-Friday, 0th Uvst., util o'clock. 1129 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Butchers, and Others. 1 30 Tons Liverpool Salt. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 6th inst., at tu elvo o'clock, Without any Reserve, 30 tons Liverpool salt, in 200 lb. bags Terms at Sale. 1175 WEDNESDAY, 11th JULY. To Speculators, Persons Seeking for Investments, and Others. Valuable Freehold Property in Collingwood. By Order of tho Mortgagee. SYMONS and PERRY have received instruc- tions from tho mortgagee to sell hy auction, at the Commercial Solos Room, on Wednesday, 11th inst., at twelve o'clock, Without any Reserve. Valuable nropertics, situate in Collingwood. Lot 1. All that piece or parcel of land, situated in tho parish of Jika Jika, in the county of Bourke, in the colony of Victoria, being portion of suburban section No. 08, commencing at a point 330 feet south from a point on the northern boundary line of said subsection 390 feet cast from the north-west nnglo thereof, bounded on the west by a lino running south 33 feet along parallel, and fronting street one chain wide, called Oxford street,'on the south 93 feet 4 inches by aline at right angles to tho last line, bearing east 33 feot by a line at right angles to tho last line, bearing northerly, on the nortli 93 feet i inohes, by a line at right angles to tho last lino bearing westorly to tho commencing point.' On tho above pioco of land is erected a very superior and substantially built brick house, in- cluding a largo shop fronting Oxford-street. The house is in good order and condition, being hand- somely fitted up with very suporior Marble Chimnoy Pieces and other convenionoos. Thora has been a good business carried on in tho above premises for some timo past. i Also, On tho samo plcoo of land Is orcctcd at tho back of the front shop a wooden houso, containing three rooms, with a frontogo to a right-of-way .leading into Oxford-&treot.; Tho houso is now oooupled hy a rospcotaMe tenant, and produces a very good routa). Lot' 2. ._ All that piece or parcel of land, being portion ot subsection No. 72, in tho parish of Jika Jika, commencing at a point 1001 foot west from a point in tho castorn boundary lino of said sec- tion, 371 links 14(1 i'uet south from the northeast anglo Uleroo!", bounded on tho south 00 foot by a line running wosterly; on tho woBt 50 footi by a lino at right aogles^o tho last lino run I ning northerly ¡ on tho north 00 feet, by a Uno at right angles to tho lrst line, running east- erly j on tho east by a lino at right angles with tho last line, running southerly 50 fcot along and parallel vi l'.h a reservo road 30 foot wido, called Silver street, or Llttlo Naplor-8treeti_to _tho eomraoncingiohit, ' <*' Titlo first-rate. ' ' . Tho abovo offers a vory favorable opportunity to portions seeking investment, being situated in one of the best'parts of'Collingwood for-Dual uoss, and la dally Increasing in Importance Terms-Half Cosli, remainder at three .and six mouths, bearing ten por cent, intorcst. . ' -For further particulars application to bo made at tho office 'or F" Bardwell, Eso,:, solIoltor.'DO Colllns-streot oast, or at tho rooms of the auo tlonoor. UÏ5 Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Publloans, Storekeepers and Other* > 200 Cases Swaine, Booard and Co.'« Old Tom, 1 dozen each. SYMONS and PERRY will «eli by auction, ~~ at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 200 cases Swaine, Booard and Co.'« old tom, 1 dozen each _Terms at Sale._1175 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and } 'Others. SYMONS and PERRY will se« by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 3 cases bacon, 5 cwt each. Terms-Cash. 1175 " MONDAY, 9th JULY. To Upholsterers, Cabinet Makers, Dealerj, and Others. 5 Bales Feathers, Moro or Less Damaged by Fresh Water. Ex Mermaid, i rom Liverpool. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction,, at the Commercial Sales Boom, on Mon- day, Oth'inst, at twelvo o'clock, For the benefit of whom it may concern, OCAS 5 bales English feathers, cured, more or less damaged by fresh water. _Terms-Cash._1175 MONDAY, 9th JULY. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 9lh inst, at twelvo o'clock, 85 bolts can\ ass, No 1 to 6 44 do tarpaulin canvass 10 tent covers, 18x 12 feet 26 bundles hoop iron. Terms-Cash, 1175 ~ MONDAY, 9th~JULY. To Publicans, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Mon- day, 9th inst, at twelve o'clock, 7 cases brown brandy, 3 doz. eaoh 5 qr-ca9ks do do, duty paid Terms-Cash. 1175 MONDAY, 9th JULY. To Boot and Shoe Makers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Unreserved Sale of 13 Trunks of First-rate Boots and Shoes. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 9th inst., at twelve o'clock, The following assortment of boots and shoes 1 trunk, containing 36 pairs calf wellingtons 1 do do 3» do 1 do do 36 do 1 do do 36 do 1 do do 36 do 1 do do 36 calf short boots 1 do do 36 wellingtons 1 do do 36 do 1 do do 36 do sprigged 1 do do 27 do 1 do do 26 do ; 1 do do 24 do 9 short do 1 do do 12 do 8 wellingtons 15 men's tie-shoes 14 women's over-boots, goloshed v Terms at Sale. 1129 WEDNESDAY, 11th JULY. To Wine Merchants, Publicans, and Others. Sawyers' Arms Inn, Kyneton. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wed- nesday, 11th inst, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land situated in the parish ot Laurcston, county of Dalhousie, being part of suburban section No. 6 of Boid parish, together with the premises known as the Sawyers' Arms Inn, containing six rooms, having a frontage to the Melbourne Road, being the best situation in East Kyneton for any description of business. Also, All that piece or parcel of land adjoining tho aforesaid, being part of tho suburban section No 6 of said parish, with a commodions wooden store erected on the same. The above properties will be sold ia one lot, and offers an excellent opportunity for invest- ment. Title unquestionable. Terras at Sale. 1026 MONDAY, 9th JULY. From tho Celebrated House of Davies and Son, London. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 9th inst, at twelve o'clock, \- I i Positively Without Any Reservo, 1 trunk containing <10 pairs beat hobnailed lace up boots 1 do do 30 do enamelled leather na- poleon boots -1 do do 30 do do do 1 do do 30 do do do . 1 do do 24 do do thigh hunting boots 1 do do 24 do do do 1 do do 28 do enamelled long riding boots 1 do do 24 do hide long thigh boots 1 do do 2 i do do Holdeness 1 do do 22 do grain hide thigh boots 1 do do 24 do bestenamolled leathor hunting boots 40 do hobnailed lace-up 1 do do boots 1 do do ' 32 do grain hide thigh boots 1 do do l8 do enamelled hide na- poleons 10 do do thigh boots 1 do do 48 do women's cloth boots, clump soles Terms at Salb." Tho above aro all good sizes, and selected by a person Intimately acquainted with tho wants of eooony. Not the Slightest Reserve. 1129 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. JA. HAY has [received instructions from . the assignee _to tho estate of'William Stevenson to soil by public auction, on an early day, unless previously disposed of by prlvato contract, Tho South Melbourne Hotel, on the Gardl ner Creek Road. Also, The handsome two-story edifice, now In course of being finished ; together with about six »ores of land For further particulars apply to the auc- tioneer. 301? PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Merchants, Commission Agents and Auctioneers. ONE of the best business sitos in Collins-strcot west, Melbourne, on whioh is erected a two-story warehouse, with yards, adjointogentry to the latter, by right-of-way. The obovo will bo exposed for salo by publio auction in the courso of a few days, if not pre- viously disposed of by prlvato bargain. For particulars, apply to J. A. HAY, auc- tioneer, Morkot-squore. 8908 SATURDAY, 14th JULY. Guano. AG. M'COMBE bogs to inform the publio, . that tho Solo of Guano, advertised ior Saturday, 7th inst., is unavoidably postponed till Saturday, 14th inst. Full Particulars iu Future Advertisements. 1174 jly 7 THIS DAY. Umbrellas, Hose, Slops, Ticking. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, m his s rooms, Collins- stro ot, next tho Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 6th Inet, nt clovon o'olock, i 600 gingham umbrellas 3 casos men's and youths' Aberdeen hose and half hoso . BOO mon's dark fanoy and hlaok oloth vests 9 picóos linen ticks A quantity of gent's onamollod patent v %"?> lcatlior overalls. . All Splendid Goods, and to be Cold, without. »«.Wye. U71 Sales by Auction. Ï THIS DAY. \- Iron Weights, Ploughs, Sack Trucks, ac. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in c Ina rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, Cth inst,, at eloven o'clock, l8 cost-iron weights, 14, 2S, and 66 lbs. 2 patent ploughs 1 weighing machine 11 sack trucks 1 bag horse-nails 78 doz. Scotch T hinges, assorted, 8 to l8 _ inches All to be sold to close invoices. Without any Reserve. 1112 THIS DAY. Cart and Horse Harness ,4c. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his « roems, Collins-street, near the Bank of Australia, on Friday, 6th inst., at eloven o'clcck , 7 sets shaft cart harness 10 Bets two horse do 10 sets leader do. _No Reserve._ 1112 THIS DAY. Springs and Coach, Wrenches, AG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, in his . rooms, Collinu street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 9 pairs 6 plate springs and scroll irons 30 do 11-inch best stocl coach wrenches' 28 do 12-inch do do. No Reserve. 1112 ' MONDAY, 9th JULY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants'. Unreserved Sole of 20 Hhds. and 5 Puncheons West India Rum. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, in a his rooms, Collins street, nest the Bank of Australasia, on .Monday, 9th inst., at eleven o'clock, " . 20 hhds. West India mil, in bond 5 puncheons do do, averaging 10 per cent, over proof. ' _Nq Reserve._1134 THIS DAY. 5 Cases Goburgs, Ciscisslons, Regatta Shirts, and Ladies' Polkas. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in , his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, Cth inst, at eleven o'clock, 1 case of 7-4 black coburg cloths 1 do black Circassian do 1 do colored do ' *1 do men's regatta shirts 1 do ladioB' crotchet polkas. The above goods are of first-rate quality, and in splendid condition, and will be sold without any reserve. 11S4 THIS DAY. 9 Cases of Tacks, AG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, in » his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, \- 9 cases took«, assorted, containing, In all, 3645 papers._1134 THIS DAY. 8 Bags Wrought Clasp Nails. G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in .his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank Australasia, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 8 bags wrought clasp nails, assorted. No Koserve. 1112 THIS DAY. 6 Superior Rovolvers, in Oak Casos. A G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in c his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clook, ' 6 superior revolvers, in oak cases To Close a Consignment. 1112 THIS DAY. _ 3 Tons Liverpool Soap. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in , his rooms, Colllns-strcot, next tho Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 6th Inst, at eleven o'clock, \- 3 tons Liverpool soap. No Reserve. 1112 THURSDAY, 12th JULY. To tho Boot and Shoe Trade. Important Sale of Flr»t class Boots and Shoes, now in Course of being Landed. AG. M'COMBE is instructed by tho ira ,_ porters to sell by public auction, in his rooms, on Thursday, lîth inst., at eleven o'clock, Tho following invoioe of hoots and shoes, direot from the well known manufacturers, Hornan and Go., viz. : Caso 239-24 pairs gents' grain hide napoleon boots 24 do do strong kip watcrtights, tipped and hobbed 240-72 pail s mon's stout higli backed blucher boots, tipped and hobbed Trunk 241-24 pairs gent's grain hido long riding boots 242-24 do do do napoleon do 243-24 do gont's calf wellington boots, host, hevolled ~ 12 do do do, sprigged 244-24 do do do, do 24 do do do, emperor's do 245-12 do gent's enamel hide napoleon do 6 do do anti gropelos 246-60 do gent's calf hide back blucher boots, sprigged 247-60 pairs gent's do do 248-24 do men's calf blucher boots, roan lined 24 do do do high back do, tipped and hobbed 12 do do do do, sprigged 240-36 do men's calf high back blucher boots, roan lined 24 do gent's v> ellington lnco shoes, hovels 12 do joutlis' do do, 1 to 4 12 do bojs'dodo, 10 to 13 250-36 do youtliB* stout blucher hoots, ' sprigged, 1 to 4 36 do boj s' do do, 10 to 13 251-36 do youths' do do, sprigged, lto4 I 30 do bojs'dodo, 10 to 13 252- 30 dojouths' calf blucher boots, roan lined, 1 to 4 36 do bojs'dodo, 10 to 13 253-24 youths' momol calf button boots, sprigged, I to 4 ' 24 boys'do do, 10 to',13 251-24 ladies' black cloth and patent seal goloAcd button boots, I welts, black soles 30 do do, counter Adelaide ' 12 do do, goloshed, buttoned ; -1 255r-12 do, ladies'cloth and cord golosh '- - ed button hoots, wolts 24 do do counter Adolaido 21 do do do, TPH 30 do do, and patent seal > 250-12 ladles' calf kid Balmoral boots, patent calf fronts, welts, MH 12 do do, back Adelaide and seal 6 "do do, seal, counter Adelaide 24 do cloth back Adolaido boots, patent seal fronts Seo, 257-51 pairs ladies' oashmoro Vlotorla, ? patent seal iroute, v. elts ' 36 do do, black soIob Seo. 268-18 pairs ladies' cashmore Chel- tenham«, patent seal fronts, welts 24 pairs maids' cloth and patent seal goloshod button boots, welt« TPH, 10 to 13 80 do do, 10 to 13 21 do girls' do, 6 to 9 \- 12 do do, 6 to 9 Soo. 259.-72 do mon'a enamelled hido Albert morning slippers 24 do ludics' do, seal fleecy lined do 36 do do patent seal morning ' slipners, fringe bound Tlio auctioneer oonsldorB it to bo quite unne- cessary for him to make auy comment ou tho quality of the above goods, as tho mero mention of tjjo makor'a nome is qutto a suffiolont warrant of Choir .«nporlorityt Tho goodB will nil bo laaiTcTand sampled fn sufficient timo to admit of tholr bolng luspeotcd by the trade prior to tho day of sale. Observe. - Tho auctioneer will sat apart Thursday, 12th lust, exclusively for tho salo of boot« and aUoo«. 1171 Sales by Auction. A. THIS DAY. 12 Tubs Barley-Sugar. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his I , rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 6th inst, at eleven [ o'clock, 12 tubs barley-sugar. 1112 THIS DAY. Springs and Loose Scroll Iron. G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in I _his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank ot Australasia, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven | o'clock, 12 pairs springs and scroll-irons, 4 ft. 2 ¡n. long 2| xj in., weighing 8 cwt. 1 qr. 12 pairs do do, weighing 8 cwt. 1 qr. 5 lbs, I imodcbyThos. Turton and Sons, 8heaf _Works, Sheffield._1112 THIS DAY. 30 Cwt. Bar and Rod Iron, various sizes. AG, M'COMBE will sell by auotion, In his a rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of I Australasia, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven ( o'clook, 30 cwt, bar and rod iron, vurious sizes. _,_No Reserve._1174 MONDAY, 9th JULY. 300 Boxes of Price and Co's Patent Belmont Sperm Candles (sixes). AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in a his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 9th inst, at eleven o'clock, ' 300 boxes of Price's potent Belmont sperm candles (sixes), each box containing 25 lbs. The condies aro of a- very superior quality, and will be sold without any reserve. 1174 THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Diapers, Dealers and Others. Cowa Mats. A FRASER and CO. will sell by auction, a at their rooms, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, Fifty dozen cowa fibre mats, various qualities and sizes, comprising Brush, double and open work. STcrrm at Sale. 1128 THIS DAY. To the Haberdashers and Warehousemen of Melbourne, Geelong, and Suburbs. Groy Calicos, Blankets, Oil Cloth, Table Covering, Felt Hats, Carpet Bags, Mole Trousers. Attention Respectfully Desired. Without Reserve. A FRASER and CO. are instructed by the a consignee to dispose of by public auc- tions at their rooms, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 bales grey calicos, 30 in. to 36 in. I do medium and stout blankets, 7-8 to 10 4 3 do 6 4 oil cloth table coverincs II cases Christ)'s men's soft drab felt hats, Ormond ¿hope, black and brown 1 do carpet bags, Venetian and Brussels 5 do stout drab moleskin trousers, stitched, strapped, and seamed 3 do men's black felt hats. The auctioneers can with confidence request the attention of the general trade to the above goods ;they area superior consignment, and will be sold to close accounts, Observe-Friday, Eleven a m 1097 THIS DAY. To Drapers, Hosiers, Slopsellers, and Others. A FRASER hnd CO. will sell by auction, at s their rooms, on Friday, 6 th eleven o'clock, 11 bales and cases, containing Blue serge shirts Men's under-shirts Women's brown and black cotton hose Men's grey and brown hose and half-hose Ladies' woollen polkas Gala plaids \- -Gloves, ribbons, &c.; Tormsat Salo. 1128 SATURDAY, 7th JULY. Third Attractive Sale "f Flowers and Shrubs. To Gontlemen Nurferyraen, Gardeners, and Cthers. Splendid Opportunity of Obtaining Choice Fruit-trees, F'oworing Shrubs, &c.; A FRASER and CO. have received in » structions from the growers to soil by auction, at their mart, on Saturday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, The following choico collection of fruit-trees, flowering shrubs, te, comprising Cherries . Plums - Almonds ' Quinces . Also, A splendid assortment of Cypresees China and polo roses, white and red Passion flowers Honeysuckle Jasmine Fuschia Chrysanthemums ?" Pinks Carnations, in great voriety tweetbriar lms Strawberries, Wyatt'« British Queen Rhubarb, do Linnreus (a now choico sort) Asparagus, io, With othor shrubs, too numerous to parti- cularise. Tho auctioneers would wish to call tho parti- cular attention of private gentlemen laying out their gardens to tho above favorable opportunity of purchasing really good shrubs, Ac, as the whole of the above ara packed so that they can bo transferred to any part of tho colony without injury,-they being taken up in tho mould they wcro growing in, so as to ensure their striking. _1128 THIS DAY. * ToDrapors, Haberdashers, and Othors. A FRASER and CO. will sell by auction, at a their rooms, on F ii lay, 6th inst. at elovon o'clock, \- 4 cases French goods, comprising Paisley square shawls Woollen French squares Woollen and cashmere scarfs. Embroidorcd cashmore mantles, io. 1162 WEDNESDAY, 11th JULY. To the Resldents of St. Kilda and Parties Furnishing. The Furniture, Plate, Pictures, &c.;,of Mr. A. G. Gilbert (who is giving up housekeeping), at his Residence, in Jackson-street, St. Kilda, opposite the residence of Mr. Down, and im- mediately behind the Cottage of Mr. Purcell, off the Beach Road. A FRASER and CO. will sell by public auction, at the residence of Mr. A. G. Gllbert (address as above), on Wednesday, 11th inst., at twelve o'clock, The whole of that gentleman's furniture, plate, pictures, &c;, consisting principally of-- Solid mahogany dining-tables Mahogany chairs, arm and easy do., in hair cloth, and hair stuffed Mahogany what-not, sideboard, and side- table Window curtains and hangings Mahogany washstands, marble tops Iron half-testar beds, cane-seat chairs Hair mattresses and feather pillows Brussels carpet Witney blankets, sheets, feather pillows, &c.; Also, Solid silver tea set, dinner and tea spoons, plated liqueur stand, coffee-pot, and sets of white handled knives and forks, green dessert service, crockery, &c.; Also, Everything necessary for a kitchen, includ- ing superior sea cooking range, eight- day clock, &c.; With a choice small collection of pictures in oil, and engravings, histories, novels, and other books. Catalogues to be had at the rooms of the Auc- tioneers on Monday. Sale at Eleven o'clock on Wednesday first. 1107 THIS DAY. PlougllB. JM'KAY will soil by auction, at his rooms, a 17 Quecn-stroot, on Friday, 6th inst,, at eleven o'olook, 6 iron ploughs, In good order 3 blrtlgok ploughs Ko Äeserve. 1173 _Sales by Auction. ' THIS day. ~ . Carpenters', Joiners', and Butohers' Tools. On .«count of Whom it may Concern. JM'KAl" will sell by auction, at his rooms, , 17 Queen-street, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, A lorge assortment of tools, all more or less damaged, consisting of Augurs, chisels, mort.'co irons, flies, gimlet«, levers, butcher»' clt'avers, choppers, and knives, Also 200 falling axes, in good order. _- Without any Reserve. _ 1138 THIS DAY. Rico, Arrowroot, Nutmegs, Gram, Cigars, and Sundries. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Tobacconists, and Others. JM'KAY has received instructions to sell by . auction, at his rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, Without Reserve. 162 bags Pntna rice 200 do Java do 74 tins arrowroot, 7 lb. each 5 do do, 29 do 76 bottles nutmeg powder 60,000 Manila cigars, No. 2 50,000 Havana cigars 6 rolls rattan mats 3 bundles Java mats 1,000 Malacca canes 1,000 white Malacca do 1,090 riding canes Terms at Sale. 1138 THIS DAY. Gram, Oats, Bran, and Potatoes. JM'KAY will sell by auction, at lils rooms, 17 . Quecrr-atroot, on Friday, 6th InBt., at eleven o'clock, '1000 bushels oats, Scotch and colonial, 700 do bran, in good order 5 tons gïara 10 do potatoes. ^lSff THIS DAY. Seed Wheat and Oats. To Farmers, Storekeepers and Others. JM'KAY will sell by auction, at hi« rooms, «, 17 Queen-street, on Friday, 6th inst., at cleves o'clock, Without Resorvo. 200 bushels superior Adelaide wheat, a primo lot, guaranteed sound Also 1000'bushcls beautiful Danish oats. TermB at Sale. 1172 THIS DAY. Crushing Mill, Chaff Cutter, Weighing Machines and Weights. JM'KAY will sell by auction, at his rooms, , 17 Queon-strcct, on Friday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clook, 1 hand mill for crushing grain, bo. 2 chaff cutters 1 weighing machine (Avery'« patent) A great variety of weights And 2 zinc chimnoj-s, about 8 feet No Reserve. 1172 THIS DAY. Soap, Herrings, Butterand Stout. On Account of Whom it May Concern. JM'KAY will sell by auction, at his rooms, « 17 Queen-street, on Friday, Otu inst., at eleven o'clock, Without Any Reservo, 54 kegs herrings 16 boxes soap Also, 25 firkins butter 60 dozen bottled stout 1172 7 THIS DAY. Cargo of the Glondaragh, From Calcutta. To Merchants, Storekeepers, aud Others. JM'KAY respectfully calls the attention of a the trade to the sale of the above cargo, which takes placo on Frldaj', 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, Consisting of Rice, cigars, nutmegs, canes, sugar, arrow 1 root, and sundry other saleable goods. "Which are for positive sale, Without Reserve. See Other Advertisement. 1172 \- SATURDAY, 7tli JULY. Printers' Ink. Printers' Ink. P DAVIS and CO. will sell by auction, at s their rooms, on Saturday, 7th inst., A small lot of printers' ink. Without Reserve. 1103 jly 7 SATURDAY, 7th JULY. - To Coach and House Painters and Others. P DAVIS and CO. will sell by auction, at « their rooms, Collins-street, on Saturday, 7 th inst., About 10 hhds. lampblack C cases do 2 small casks vermillion. , Samples to be had of [the auctioneers from Thursday to day of sale. 1103 jly 7 SATURDAY, 7th JULY. To Furnituro Warehousemen and Parties ; Furnishing. P DAVIS and CO. will sell by auotion, at a tho City Mart, 48 Collins-street cast on Saturday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, Mahogany horse hair chairs, loo tables, oasy chairs, canc-seated chairs, various kinds and quality, chest drawers, bedstead and bedding, deal and cedar tables Iron stretchers, withstands, colonial sofas, Btovcs, sashes , China tea and breakfast sots Oil paintings. 1165 MONDAY, 9th JULY. To Hotolkeopors and Others. Superior Slate Billiard Table. J LYONS and CO. will soil by auction, at a the New Commoroial Sales Room, Bourko atrcct, on Mondoy, 9th inst., at twelvo o'clook, .A superior sluto billiard table, full slzo, with , balls, cues, marking- board, and every ' other requisite. > Now on view at tho rpons of tho auctioneers. ; ! Terms at-Salo. 1106 SATURDAY,"7th JULY. 'Moderator Lamps and Lamp Cotton. J" LYONS and cÓTwlll soil by auotion, at a tho Now Commercial Sales Room, Bourko stroot, on Saturday, 7th inst, ot twolvo o'olock, An invoico ol moderator lamps, with extra chimneys and globes 1000 gross lamp colton Portemonnaies Pookot books Noto und memorandum do Albums Fitted roticules , . Meerschaum pipes and tubes Back combs And a varioty of other fancy goods. 1106 SATURDAY, 7th JULY. Playing Cards. Playing Cards. LYONS and CO. will soil by auotion, at " _ tho Now Commercial Sales Room, Bourlto Btreót, on Saturday, 7th Inst., at twelve o'clook, 1 caso Whifilns's playing cards 1 do Roynold's highlanders 20 dozdioe 80 gross magnum bonum pons. 1106 J, J. SATURDAY, 7th JULY. LYONS nnd CO. will sell by auotion, at tho _ Now Commercial Solos Room, Bourkc ¿Trcct, on Saturday,7th inst., at twolvo o'clook,^ 1 case fancy jewellery AIeq, 1 kitohen dressor 1 drosBing table_1100 SATURDAY, 7th JULY. Wax Vestas. Wax Vestas. ' J LYONS and CO. will soil by ouotl»n, at a at the New Commoroial Sales Room, Bourko street, on Saturday, 7th Inst.', »t twolvo o'clook, - , - . An Invoice of wax vestas,'Inpopor, fancy, .wood, «nek japanned boxed.. , 1100 Sales by Auction. SATURDAY, 7th JULY. . »Gig and Cart Harness.-.v J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction,'at . the Now Commercial Sales Room, Bourke stre6t,"ori'Saturday,'7th hurt,, at twelve o'olook, 12 sets of gig and «art harness, of superior quality._ 1166 MONDAY, 9th JULY. Valuable Freehold Property. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Others. A Seven-roomed House and Land in Victoria _ parade. J 'LYONS and CO. are honored with lu « structions from the proprietor to submit to public competition, at the Now Commercial Sales Room. Bourke-street, on Monday, 9th inst, at twelve o clock, The undermentioned valuable freehold pro» perty: A very handsome highly-finished verandah cottage, containing seven rooms, beautifully painted and papered thronghout, with elegant marble mantelpieces in diniDg and drawing rooms, English cooking-range in kitchen, pan- tries, ornamental garden in front, and in every respect adapted to the wanta of a respectable family ; adjoining the residence of W. J. Hull, Esq., J.P., and in tho immediato vlolnlty of the Bishop's Palace. It stands on an allotment of 48 feet to Victoria-parade by a depth of 70 feet to a right-of-way 12 feet wide ; palisaded, front and sides ; and now let at a reduced rental of £300 per annum. The'auctioneers, in calling attention to this valuablo property, think it unnecessary to glvo any elaborate description. The daily increasing value of property in Victoria-parado is too well ki/own to requiro any comment at their hands. To be Sold without the least Reserve. Terms very Liberal, declared at Sale. -_____1009 TUESDAY, 10th JULY. To Capitalists, Mechanics, and Others wishing to evade the High Rents of Melbourne. Unreserved Sale of St. Kilda and Prahran Property. By Order of the Mortgagee. CRAIG and O'GRADY have received posi- tive instructions from tho mortgagee to sell by public auction, at their rooms, 29 Col- lins-street west, on Tuesday, 10th inst., at twelve o'clock, All that piece of land having a frontage of 32 feet to Hanover street, Prahran (near the Prince Albert Hotel, Chapel-street) by 100 feet in depth, on which is erected two first-class three-roomed verandah weatherboard cottages, spouted all round, and fitted up with cedar cup- boards and mantelpieces, lined, papered, and painted throughout, and can be used as one six- roomed house, which could make a very neat residence for a respectable family, the yard being all close fenced and a pallisade in front. Also, All that piece of land having 20 feet frontage to Neptune-street, St. Kilda, by 82 feet in depth, with three-roomed zinc and iron house, and several sheds erected thereon. The auctioneers would particularly call atten- tion to these valuable properties, the whole being at present let to respectable tenants from week to week, and having positive instructions to sell Without any Reserve. Particulars to be had from the auctioneers. Terms-One-third cash, and balance by bills at three and six months._1130 TUESDAY, 10th JULY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Country Shopkeepers, General Dealers, and Others. On the Premises, corner of Collina and Queen etreets. Clearing Out Salo of all the Stock in Trade. EDE CARLE will will by anction, on tho . premises of Messrs. Smith, Walker and Co., corner of Collins and Queen streets, opposite Union Bank, on Tuesday, 10th inst., at eleven o'clock, The whole of their well-selected stock of every description of provisions, and other goods, con- sisting of Teas, coffee, cocoa, ohocolato, in variety Sugar, Mauritius, crystalised, loaf, and ra- tion Raisins, Muscatel, Valencia, Eiemes, 4c. Nuts, almonds, candied peel, lemon, orango, and citron Spices of every description Preserved fish, haddocks, herrings, salmon &c;, 1-lb. and 2-lb. tins ' Soup and bouille, ox-tongues, io. Bottled fruits from the best makers Jams and jollies, well-selected, colonial and English maka Pickles, sauces, capers, of every brand Syrups and cordials Black lead, blue/starch, clothes-lines, *c. Hogsheads English ale, first class Bottled ale, in casks and cases 3, 5,10 gallon spirit casks 1 caso napoleon boots. No Reserve. « Terms at Sale. N B.-The attention of the trado and buj-era is requested at cloven o'clock sharp, as the auc tloncer hopes to sell the wholo in one day, as the stores must bo cleared. 8411_ TUESDAY, 24th JULY. Calbinibin Cattle Station. JG. DOUGHARTY has been instructed by Messrs. Hamilton and Tait, to sell by public auction, without reserve, at the Horse Market, corner of Bourko and Queon streets, on Tuesday, 24th July, at eleven o'olook, 300 hoad of cattle, with right of runTtnown 09 Calbinibin, containing about 40,000 acres of well grossed country, admirably udoptcd for fattening sheep or cattle, and would bo a famous dopot foi stock from distant runs. It is equi-distant from tho M'lvor and Goul- burn Diggings about eighteen miles, and ninety from Melbouruo ; watered by a creek bearing tho name of tho run. Tho pre-emptive right to 610 acres ha9 been granted, and is mostly fine soil. Improvements: stockyard and huts, and about 400 rods substantial three-railed fence. Terms-Half cash, three, six, nine, and twelve months approved bills. 267 alt and wk jly 24 TUESDAY, 10th JULY. J WATSON and CO. aro instructed by the a breedor to sell by auction, at their Mel- bourne Sale Yards, on Tuesday, 10th inst., at elovon o'clook sharp, < 10 young horses, fit for cithor saddle or hark- ness Also, A few heavy draught horsos, besides their usual daily lot 050 jly 10 THIS DAY. Wright's Australian Horse Bazaar, Swanston street. J ARMSTRONG (V. S., lato of Sydnoy*) will , sell by auction, at Wright's Australian llorso Bazaar, Swanston-strcot, on Friday, 6th inst., at elovon o'olook, Draught horsos Saddle do Spring-carts, dog-carts, droya, &c.; 047 THIS DAY. Bullocks. Bullocks. Bullocks. JAMES WATSON and CO. aro Instructed to sell by auction at their Mclbnurno Sale Yards, 20 Bourko-streot wost, on Friday, 0th inst., at cloven o'olook sharp, 4 working hullooks, bows, yokes, and ohams Without Roiorvc. 057 THIS DAY. Unreserved Solo of Jowellory, Watohcs, Plated Goods, 4c. E JACOB has been favored with ins a struotions from Mr. Richardson, who .is leaving Molbourno, to soil by publio onc- tion, on the premises, 31 Swanslon-itroot, near tho .Bank of Viotorla, on Friday, 0th inst., at cloven o'olook, , . , ._ Tho wholo of his woll-ossorted stook, com prlslngjowollory.gold and silver English and Genova watches, gold guard chains, gold alberts, studs, pins, diamond ana fancy ringo, ladles' gold brooches, lookots,. gold earrings, silver knives, forks and spoons, musioal boxes, olght day rouud dial ; oIbo plated goods, com- prising tea and coffeo services, cruot framos, oandlostloks, coko baskets, ket tlos on stands, spoons and forkB, toast racks, sugar baskets, &o.; ., together with a small assortment of oablnot and napier maohof goods, elegant moderator lamps together with the ilxturos In shop, con- sisting of glass oases, counters, window fittings, 4o. . Further particulars on application at tue rooms of tho au.otiou.eer, 81 Swanston-stroot. J22 jly 0 