SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVED. January 9th. — Oberon, steamer, Burgess, master, from Port Albert. \- ENTERED OUTWARDS. 'January Vixen, »hlp, 103 tom, for New Plymouth, N.Z. x J. Lethwalte, agent. /January 9.— Wongft Wonga, iteAmer, for Auckland, J. B. Thompson, commander. Graham, Sands, and Co., agents. January 9. — Concord, ship, for Valparaiso. Porter, Buchanan, tttid Co., agents. January 9.— Scotia, ship, for Hobart Town. Ewart add films. agcnis, I CLEARED OUT. j '''January 9th.— Statesman, ship, 875 tons. J. T. Trlvett, for London. ' January 9th.— London, steamer, 405 ton9, W. Watts, oom- , mauder, for Sydney, In ballast. 15 cabin passengers, and 113 In the steerage. Raleigh, Locke, Thorpe, and Co., agents. January 8th.— Aberfoyle, ship, 915 tons, Captain James Nourse, for Akyab, In ballast. 38 passengers. Willis, Merry, and Co., agents. SAILED. January 9.— Gem, schooner, for Launceston. ,, Sea Belle, brig, for King's Island, t, Argo, G.S.S.S. Co.'s, for Southampton, u Royal Shepherd, steamer, for Launceston. PROJECTED DEPARTU RES. FOR LONDON. — Aden, Statesman, Island Home, John Bell, Eliza Goddard, Stebouhcath, Daniel, Huntley, Idaro, Indemnity, ?arly; Amazon, early; Bacalieu, Rattler, early; Statesmau, January 10th ; Charlotte Ann, January 13th, Edith Roso, Jan. l?th; Anglesey, Storm Cloud, January 25th; Flying Scud, January 25th j Evening Star, February 5th ; Bcllo of tlio West, February 17th. Fob iivicRPOOL.— Constance, January 25th ; Marion Moore, February 10th; Champion of the Seas, February 14th. Fon SyoNKr. — Duke of Wellington, Flora, Ebenezcr, Blue Bell, ?arly* For Adblaidr.— Bosphorus, steamship, early ; Colchester, Lydia, Louisa, Nancy Omeo, early. For LADifOBSTON.— Lady Bird, steamer, early. For Auckland, N. Z.— Ocean, January loth ; Spartacus, St. Kilda, early. Fob PoaT Cooper, N. Z.— Gratitude, January loth. Fon Callao. — Lincluden Castle, Dejgany, early. For Sat* Francisco— Elizabeth aud Catherine, Daniel, early: New World, January.20th. Fon Cape or Good Hope. — Anne, early. Fon Valparaiso. — John Robinson, early. t For Calcutta.— Earl of Egllnton, 10th January ; Tudor. 18th January. Fob Singapore.— Llewellyn, early. For Batafia.— Cornelius Gipps, early. For Akyab. — Aberfoyle, early. For Hong Konq.— Nabob, 15th March. PORT OF GEELONG. ARRIVED. January 8.— Christian, brig, 170 tons, M'Pherson, master Apollo Bay. Sebim, schooner, from Melbourne. Jane, Williams, outter, from Melbourne. SAILED. Janet Dickson, schooner, for Launceston. CLEARED OUT. January 8. — Royal Shepherd, staamer, 184 tons, W. H. Saun ders, for Launceston via Melbourne, in ballast. No passengers, fiwanston, Willis and Stephen, agents. Maid of the Valley, scheoner, 124 tons, M. M'Donald, for Launceston. In ballast. No passengers. Holmes, White and £0., agents. PORT OF PORTLAND. ARRIVED. January 3.— Louisa, schooner, from Melbourne, 'wlth'Wood. CLEARED OUT. January 3,— -Violet, ship, for Madras in ballast. PORT PHILLIP HEADS. Bailed. — January 7. — Governor-General, for Sydney j Don Pedro, barque, for Hobart Town. January 8.— Schooner, Harriet, Cleveland, master, for the Society Islands. Remain in Quarahtimr. — January 8.— Lena, brig, from tho Isle of France. January 8th.— The Prince of tlie Seas is being rapidly un» loaded; the Anno and Jane, barque, having taken a large por tion of cargo from Tier proceeded with It to Hobson's Bay this afternoon. She is only waiting for engine pumps from town to get the water out quickly, so as to break out tho remainder of her cargo with littlo delay, as othor lighters are alongside ready to take In. — Geelong Advertiser, The Marion, screw steamer, is a haudsome looking vessel for her tonnage. She Is schooner rigged, and steamed out part of t*e voyage, but came under canvas also till near her destination, whknshe used steam for the remainder of the passage.— Geelong Advertiser* ENGLISH SHIPPING. SAILED. For Melbourne and Geelong: From Cuxhaven— Louise, Oct 17th. From Southampton— British Empire, Oct. 18. From Liver poul — Dam marls, Oct. 18th; Ilcnry Winch, 2ist. From the Thames— William, Oct. 13th. Deal, Oct, 9.— Tho Shearwater, schooner, Richardson, from Boston, U.S., for Australia, was abandoned after being out six days. Crew saved by the Hampden, arrived of Dungeness. Rio Janeiro, Sopt. 6.— Tho Finclla, Cox, from Fleetwood, bound to Australia, put in hero 15th August, aud, in being towed to the llha do Govcruador, to have her bottom cleaned, struck upon a rock in the Bay, had her keel pierced through about ten 1 feet abaft the forefoot, was towed oil' immediately and beached on the Island, where she awaits being repaired. Tiir Argo Mail Steamer. — This magnificent ship loft tho Bay early this morning, taklug the following passengers : — The Bishop of Melbourno and Mrs. Perry, the Rev. II. P. Handheld and Mrs. Handheld, Mr. and Mrs. Hart and child, Mrs. B. Hart and family, Mr. Harry White, Mr. Silva, Mr. and Mrs, Edward Bell, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sutherland, Mr.^W. G. Morris, Mrs. and Miss Swanston, Mr. and Mrs. J* Alee and servant, Mrs. Fenwiek, Miss Mary Fenwiek, Miss Anno Fenwiek, Mr. E. Pousles, Mr. Learmonth, Dr. Monarch, Dr. Wilson, Mr. Dugard, Mr. Fraycr, Dr. Blackmore, Mr. John Greenwood, Mr. Jaincs Greenwood, Mr. and Mrs. Eskell, Mr. Maurice Hart, Mr. and Mrs. Sudllng, Mr. A. Harley, Mr. A. Blanshard, Mr. Andrew Brown, Mr. Stephen Fisher, Mr. George Knight, Mrs. Davis. She takes also 43,268 ounoes of gold dnst, and £2, GOO in specie, lier mail con sisted of 16 boxes and 2 bags, numbering 32,840 letters (of which 2553 wero registered) and 58,900 newspapers, in 104 bags. The Australasia, wliich arrived yesterday, has had an average passage of ono hundred and two days. She brings hundred and sixteen immigrants, mostly Scotch and Irish, under the bounty ticket system. The captain reports four deaths. One women died of cholora at Gravesend, in conse quence of which tho vessel was detained a fortnight In quaran tine; one sailor fell down dead on tho deck while tho ship lay In the Downs. On tho 22d of December, while tho ship was run ning before tho wind, a boy, passenger, fell overboard and was drowned, ^it being Imposslblo to afford him any substantial assis tance. Another boy died of dropsy on Monday lust. Captain Lindgay further reports having spoken the R:\jasthan, tor Syd ney, with immigrants, on the 29th December, ninety four days out, all well, In lat. 48. 11, long. 130. 24. On Tuesday last ?poke the William Wallace* whaling brig, two months' from . Hobart Town, with two whales on board, thirty miles to the west of the S. W. Capo. Saw another whaler at the same tlmo, but could uot make her out.— Coloniat\Timcs. Wreck op the Pacific Mail Steam-ship Yankev Blade.— The following Is abridged from the Alta California, October 10: —'The I. S. S. steam-ship Yankoy Blade, Henry Randall, com mander, sailed from San Francisco September 30th, at 4 p.m., with 800 passengers and 153,000 dollars In specie. October 1st, at half.past 3 p.m., being encompassed In a dense fog, and steer. Ing S.E. by S. course, and supposing ourselves at least ten miles flrom shore, we struck a reef off Point Arquilla, about fifteen mlloa above Point Conception, upou which the ship ran upwards of sixty feet, while lier stern swung in nine fathoms water, which in less than twenty-five minutes sunk below the promenade deck, but so firmly was tho forward part imbedded in the rocks, that up to the time that we left the ship (about 4~p.m. on tho 2nd instant), she had not receded an Inch. As soon as we were discovered to bo in danger tho officers of the deck launched and manned tho boats, and proceeded ' at once to get the ladles and passengers ashore. While the boats wero being lowered, the chief steward and storekeeper went below with a gang of men, and broke out large quantities of pro visions, which wero sent on the upper forward deck, and the purser prepared to save tho ship's papers and the valuables in his possession belonging to passenger*, which have all been safely delivered to their owners: but on going below about teu minutes after the ship struck, he found the specie oovered with five feet of water, and 10 rapidly was she filling, that the water rose In the ?tern at the rate of six inches per minute, consequently no one dared descend to the vault, which he locked, and returned to the deck, to save what he could of the Express matter, etc., which he succeeded In getting upward, and in company with ?ome stout hearts, watched by It all night, while desperadoes were ranging and pillaging the ship. Be. fore dark the promenade deck and houses aft tlie shaft had all washed away, and others were torn down to form rafts in readiness for immedlato departure in case of a sudden crash. Night coming on, and tho fog, which had for a short time dis appeared, again set in, tho boats stopped running, not being able to find the shore, and the terrors of our situation began to stare uslutho face. The scene on shore was equally fearful. The boat the first officer command, with tweuty-one souls, mostly women, was stranded, and all, with the exception of himself and three others, who were thrown upon the beach apparently life less, were lost. During tho night a number of bodies were washed ashore ; among others, a female with a child clasped in her arms, the wife of Mr. Brennan, who, as an instance of de Toted love, went on shore, spade iu hand, dug up his wife aud child, kissed them, and then required them. At daybreak the boats were again set in motion. At 8 a.m., our hearts wero made glad by tho appcarance of a steamer on our larboard quarter, which proved to bo the Goliah, J. Hal v, Esq., coinmauder, who, as if by a kind dispensation of Providence, appeared sent to our relief, for had we depended upon our own boats, a largo number would have been lost, and we could not have got ashore tliat day, and that night tho wreck went to pieces, so nothing was seen but a shell of the stem, which had separated and turned bottom up. To Captain Haly we feel it a particular duty to extend our thanks for his promptness in sending boats to our rescue, and receiving €00 of our number on board his steamer, in which we wero taken to San Diego, whither sho was bound, where 536 were left until a steamer could bo sent to bear them on their homeward course. The Goliah, after making her trips to San Diego, returned to a cove six miles from the sceno of wreck, where sho received tho balance of the passengers and crew, and sailed at half-past four p.m., on the 7tii instant, for Monterey nnd San Francisco, The old favourite ship Ashburton arrived yesterday, 105 days from Plymouth, Captain King, reports having experienced a continued series of foul winds from Landsend to the Equator — after which, a great portion of the run to the southward was per formed before a gale of wind, under reefed topsails. The Ash barton brings 30 passengers, all in good health. She has also en board 12 fine rams, for Lyall, Scott, and Co., and a beautiful entire cart horse, the property of Mr. A. Walker. — Sydney Xmpire. The Wacousta has made a fair passage of 91 days from I Plymouth. She brings 252 Government emigrants, tho majority of whom are Irish, and are thus classified— 56 married couples, I 89 single men, 123 single women, 36 children between 1 and 14 years of age, and b under 1 year. During the pas- I sage, an infant died, tho only death that occurred. The ! emigrants havo been singularly free from both mortality and sickness ; which good fortune is ascribed to tho sanitary precau tions and healthy discipline exercised by the surgeon of the ?hip. Not only have tho health and morals of tho emigrants been eared for, but tho moro apt of them havo been taught writing, Ac., several specimens of which wore shown our re porter, which wero executed by girls, who previous to the voyage were quite ignorant of the art. During the voyage, one of tbe seamen fell by acoident down the hold, and died soon after \- from injuries sustained thereby. Tbe Wacousta spoke the «ol '* lowing vessels: October 20, in latitude 9 degrees 32 minutes north, longitude 24 degrees 11 minutes west, the Asia ; and November 10, in latitudo 24 degrees 36 minutes south, longitude S5 degrees 16 minutes east, the Prince of the Seas, both bound to VLtlboxane.'^Sffdnei/ Empire, The Woollooraooloo, whose arrival has been so anxiously looked for, entered the Heads at 0 O'clock last evening. The admirers of this beautiful clipper have been led to wonder at the length of her present passage compared with that of Jier former ! trips; but it is aocounted for in an almost unprecedented succes- j ?ion of ealms. The . following is her report :— Sailed /rem tha I Isle of Wigbt-.;,S«ptember 20th- - Put. isto St. Jago (Capa.de j Verds,- Oetpber.Ktii, ibr'.water and provisions. .. Captain Sief&rt; I reprafents.St. Jago as a very convenient and desirable port for .y^'elarequlripg io.be refreshed. The Woolloomooloo stayed | Jjufc 6 hoars, during yhlob ti me the took in water and stock, and received every assistance from tho inhabitants of the place. Crossed the Equator, October 27, and experienced a succession of calms and foul winds for more than two mouths, until a near approach to the meridian of the Cape. Tbe distance from tho Cape to Bass' Straits was travelled In 30 days ; pretty ' good evidence of the Woolloomooloo's powers of sailing. Octo ber 23, spoke the Earl of Egllnton, from Glasgow to Melbourne with emigrants, in latitude 6 degree* 6 mluutes north : nnd September 6, the Kajasthan, from London to Sydney, with emigrants, In lntltudo 32 degreet 22 minutes north. The Wool- x loomooloo brings the gold cup which Is to be conteuded for at the anniversary regatta.— Sydney Empire. ine uscar in, aweuim snip, irom uouenourgn, gox on suore In the South Channel yesterday about noon, and remained till this day's flood, when she floated off and proceeded to Hobson's Bay ; but 110 particulars have been received hero yet as to the cause of her getilng ashore. She was In charge of a pilot. — Geelong Advertiser . The Governor.General, steamer, for Sydney, In coming down from Hobson's Bay last evening, took the ground Iu tho Western Channel, but got off at daylight this morning and pursued her voynge.— Geelong Advertiser. The Acmcl, Danish brig, fro.u Hamburg, has been very unfor tunate since leaving the Elbe, having lost sixteen of her passen gers by cholera, all prior to the first of October.— Geelong Advertiser. There was no appearance of the Madras with tho Overland Mall up to dusk last night. — Geelong Advertiser. I Submarine Telegraph to Africa.— It has lately been an nounced In one of the leading French papers, that an important project, wliich has excited the interest of the French Govern ment, is about to be realised. It is stated that, after a serious study of the matter, a convention, in which the different powers Interested have taken part, has been concluded for the establish ment of an electrical communication which will unite the Euro pean continent with Algeria by crossing the Islands of Corsica and Sardinia. The submarine telegraph which comes from England to France is to be continued by land, anu auer crossing iNtco ana ueuoa, wm reacn Spezzla, at the bottom of the gulf of that name. The new line will start from that point, and after crossing the island of Cor slca will pass by Sardinia to the coast of Algeria, near Bona. From tliat place, if it be thought necessary, it will be continued as far as tho Regency of Tunis. The works necessary for the accompllshmcut of the first part of this plan will be completed in two years from the date of tho promulgation of the law. At that time the line will be prolonged by the shore of the Mediter ranean In Africa as far as Alexandria, in order from that point to reach India and'Australia. 