THE SATURDAY, JULY 14. LATEST NEWS HT the Shamrock we haie Sydney paper« ÎÎ! « ,Gt.h xnHtMt> ftnd english ^ews to the 9th \pnl The Claren Polo brought the -Fnglish mml to the 6th of that month, but throe days later intelligence had ai lived at Melbourne by the Glen dnrgh, from Singapore, and by the same monns our news from the Crimea, by way of Malta, oouie8 down to April the 3rd The superior facilities afforded bj the Singapore route for conveying to Austra- lia intelligence fiom the seat of war, had before bpen manifest, »ud this ciroum etanoo affords an additional proof of the fact It is therefore satisfactory to learn that the Imperial Government, alarme^ at the intelligence of tjhe Ballarat insur- rection, were already in treaty with the Peninsular and Oi íental Steam navigation Company, for the renewal of steam oom mumeation with these colonies by way of India , , ,¡ The how«~ôY TTiëTwar ¡«'of >a mixed eharaoter, ¡but «rj^rth. not in favour of the allied and fining tended to »how that arfeatful «onftrepoeji-srt^onna had been suspended for tea days, in mordor to allow time for a further reference to St *Petoisburg TJie " hitob" m, of course, about the Black e k Pr,nco GORPSOHAKOPF, the brpther « of the Field Marshal, and the representa tive o( Russia at Vienna, would not listen to any proposal foi the dismantling of Sevastopol, neither would ho, without turther instructions, consent to the lesser proposul said to have been made on the P?rt°f the Western Powers, that all ships of vV ar, of wbatevei nation, should be «xoluded from the Black Sea. À further proposal waa that ship« of wai of «.cry nation shoujd liars ffiis »90««. to thV íüuxine, and this, it seams, would not have beenttftjeoted to by Russia, but the Sultan of Türkei very qattoMlylpbjeoteoV ôecup'y with' her fleötfa strongljrjfortädd harbour liste Sorastôpol, fisjrai fnjichiehe would <*on^jtantly menacejÖ»nstj$tinople. l'hère* Hfi^Ci^ferè^B^-lwèjr« ^áulípendedíí M. DR'JUVN OK L'HUTS, the French Mi- nister- for foreign Affairs, after a con- sultation with Lord CLARRNDON, in Lon- don, and an audience of her Majesty, had set out for Vienna, «to Join the!Congress of diplomatists,, there ¿assembled. ít wásí said that Lord JOHN RUSSELL would be. home to attend the opening of'Parliament aïtSeï^Taàst^ ând-iii àll-probabilii^'the' prospect of peace resulting from the con Terënees^. in Jbhe present atate of affajrSj was^not vêfy^sahgûjnéTFehcoùra In the Crimea, all parties seemed io be mastering their- strength for a desperate struggle. The great object of contention for the moment appeared to be the works in front of the Malakhoff'Tower. It is «aid that the cannon planted by the allies in front of this Tower; actually command .the.Iiarbour of Sevastopol, and'/would be able to play upon the remnant of the Russian fleet, and. thus materially aid an attack- by sea, when the bombardment commenced'.. ' Accordingly .the Russians were making desperate attempts, not only ; to defend their own position there, but to force that of' tile allies. Sorties in force : were continually made. , The last waa on the night .of 'tho 22nd, and, morning; of' the 23rd of March, when the enemy again succeeded in entering the outworks of the French and English; but were ulti- mately driven back, with a loss, it is said, of 1000 to 1200 left dead on the field. The loss on 'the side of the allies . was also considerable.. Some put down the French loss at 600, and the English lost several officers of rank. As both parties fought desperately, the action must have been Very, bloody.. ¿What tho next move- ment would be. was matter for busy con- jecture, but certainly something impor- tant must soon take place. From the south entrance of Sevastopol to the In- kermann road, aud thence to the, heights, uoj'oñd Balaklava, the Russians wert' posted in strongly fortified positions, thus forming a'semicircle round the front and flank of the allies; from : the; sea, nearly round to the Rea, again. Should it still be determined to storm Sevastopol, and should the attempt be successful, the vic- torious allies would find themselves ex- posed to the fire of the untouched forts and batteries on the north side of the harbour, and in all probability the Rus- sians would blow up all the fortifications on. the south side, before. they abandoned them. Beside» this, there would be the Russian armies in the field, to take the allies in rear. The only feasible plan¿ to insure success would be, supposing that tl>e allies had a' auflicient forcé at com-, raand, first,, to. attack and storm the south side ; secondly, to-march an army on the north side to attack and silence the fort there ; and.thirdly, to detail à field army to'deal w'jtli the Russian forces now posted': from'inkermann to Balaklava. . Indeed ¿ r»ro.» 'oï ilaîo k!uj was vùrrént.. Is was said that, the French were to march inland, and drive .the Russians from their position'; that the English, were to'-re^ main before Sevastopol ; vánd th»*''í,1,e' Turks, to" the numb^^'C ' > were -to march^rfom Eupatoria jto.the^ north s>^of Sevaatpppl Carbour. But it,?¿^*a>^i"T«ry'doubtful¿.if the. allies .âie.st'rong-enough to effect any good by thus separating. Already' they aré'only able ;to resist the sorties of. the garrison,. and re learn besides that a strong force of Russians was expected to make a for- midable attack on ¡Eupatoria. ,L Another, reason why doubt is thrown upon the re- port is that the allies were* so determined- ly pressing^ on their siege,, operations. Their reinforcements vfore increasing, nnd the army'was ina healthy state, al- though tome fear* were entertained of. the Effect of the atmosphere, in the coining summer, upon the vast .heaps of putridity; around. The town ' of Balaklava .was] being much improved in this rcBpeet. .All. the old houses were being, pulled down and burnt, the soil ] urifiéd, and new wooden huts being built/ The railway was proceeding rapidly towards comple- tion. It was said that the Russian armies in the C/iinca were to^ te roc-ea el until tiley amounted to #Ö0,UU0 men.; The Sardiniau and- Turkish- contingents for the allies had yet to arrive ; but there seemed but small hope of raising an army under the provisions of the Foreign En- listment Bill, the insulting language used in' Parliament with reference' to, foreign i " mercenaries" , having indisposed people to jojn. such a force. It may seem .pie 5 sumptuous tq' offer an unprofessional", opinion on;:»o momentous a question as. tho ópérátíóhs'of the allies; but, should' the enemy force them to raise the siege, as au embarkation;at ' Kamiesh and Ba- laklava would exposo our uavieá. to tho artillery of the Russians, and our vast siege train to the risk of capture, it would appear that the most probable movement ol' the allies, would be to.force the Rus- sian positions iuland, : and ; cudeavour to effect a junction with Omar Pacha, fixing the future centre of operations at Eu- patoria, r, .? - ;,. " ... ;.- , .,? ... ( The favourers of a peace policy appear to bave little to hope from the presumed! pacific» disposition of the new Emperor, ALEXANDER the Second.' 'His proceed- ings .are .characterised k by the utmost jigour, and it'is now said that, long before. Ma father's death, he had been constantly coftkB)ted^iandáis opinion much deferred (jo, on matters of state. ;. His Proclama- tions ajm at the anning of tho entire ef- fective* male population of the empire, and upon' a most economic, plan, for the new levies are to receive, uo pay-nothing but food »nd cloChiug. .The Greek pri§str hood of the Russian church ' have issued most iuflamatory mau i fes toes', calculated to raise the utmost degree of superstitious enthusiasm against the allied lu short, everything seemed to indicate a most desperate and bloody struggle. Field Marshal Prince GOHTSCHAKOFF had 'ar- rived at Sevastopol, and assumed the command-iu-chief of the* armies of the Crimea. " ¡, ? The policy of the kingof Prussia was pro- voking serious resistance, »nd uumiitake* able manifestations of popular dUeonfent iu tfysjRueuish' provinces. In the ra'éan liin^Twirç will a current belief that that >so^lf|ifopiild iwo|coni^aç«p>a. ssottM suBgifoiiia i «ipturf vjffî I$|ance. fH w - »j. IfSFrom Kiris fkjleariL^iat,MconspJf4oy; W assissinate^iíie Einp«rorpNAPoiÍEÍ>N all of whom were of the lowest class of socialists. The Einperor.^arid Empress were to visit England in April, and great preparations "for , theil: reception Tver(e being made *t ^Windsor Castle/ The Queen mia Prince ^ALBERT* were after-4 wards to visit the Paris Exhibition ; but it was currently reported that the opening of that great industrial display would be postponed from the 1st of May to tbe be jginning^or^endjDfJune. ^It^was^xpectgd tharthe? Emperor of* Austria would "also attend the Exhibition. < The'Parliament'had adjourned till the 16th ( April. The government of Lord PALMERSTON had already lost much of its popularity, and the great body of the public had become clamorous for some decided action in the matter of the war Some of the London -journals, and the Ttmes amongst the rest, spoke out in, bold and startling language -on-th.e point, declaring that if the p'tesent Government' did not fulfil the wishes of the «people,' they would fill' ¡iuotUc,r> Tlio *fo»i»»iiy Chronicle speaks of England in time of difficulty'and danger, placing itself under a Dictator, and instauces the case of CROMWELL ; declaring that Lord PAL- MERSTON, having been carried ¡to the head of the Government by the unani- mous voice of the people, had been vir- tually nominated their Dictator, and that it was expected of him that he would fulfil his mission. An English Surgeon, named Le BLANC, had been accidentally shot by a French sentinel, before Sevastopol. Alarmed by firing at night, he had gone out of his tent to ascertain the cause, and, without knowing it, entered the French lines. Not answering to the challenge of the sentinel, he was shot dead' A mixed commission of »French and English ^offi-' cet« were to inquire into the circum- stances. The Committee of Inquiry on" the war had elicited faots showing disgraceful mismanagement and" incapacity on the part of the Dictator-General of the Me- dical Department, Dr. ANDREW SMITH, who had, in consequence,been oompellod to resign. The Danish Consul at St. Petersburg, who had been requested to attend to Bri- tish interests there, made a representa- tion, on behalf of our Government re- specting the savage practices of the Rus- sian soldiery, in tiring upon our wounded troops and stabbing them. A most as- tounding slander has been put forth by way of reply, bj the Russian authorities. It is said that all such practices are strictly , prohibited, but that the men were probably provoked by the known fact that in several instances ^English officers had fired upon the wounded R**f sian soldiery. * Muscovite iiiend"''"/ caH scarcely go further «ban this. ' Lord DUNPPNA&D; had wen pressing upon the »-"'ice ofjba Government a dis cov«^/" whioh he "asserts that he has made, ¡of a combustible, by means of which Sevastopol could be infallibly de- stroyed, - 'Strange to say, notyithsta~n'd-~r ing the great reputation of 'the 'noble Admiral, his offers were not attended to, and it was said that he had resolved to offer his discovery to the Emperor of the French. ' * "' Her Majesty the Q teen had visited the wounded soldiers in Chatham Hospital and evinced much interest in their wel- fare The second Baltio fleet left Spithead on the 4th of April. Grand as was the last northern armada, this far supassed it. It was composed entirely pf vessels with steam power, and numbered altogether upwards of uinety sail. This includes 5 floating bat- teries, 8 mortar vessels, and 28 gun boats, eaoh carrying from two to three Lan- caster guns. Astounding as it may > ap- pear, notwithstanding all the uproar late- ly made about official inoompetency, this magnificent fleet, when on the ' point of putting to sea, was actually found) to be unprovided with coals, whioh had then to be procured at a cost of X1 a ton more than they could have been put on board for at the proper time. No wonder if the people of England are discontented. The daring robber GARRATT, the prin- cipal in robbing the Victoria Bank« when the manager and clerks were bound hand and foot, and the plunder carried off in open daylight/had been apprehended in* London, and> was under¡ examination, i The London wool market was in a de- pressed state, and there was not much ex- pectation of improvement at the May sales. The tallow market was also flat, and prices had given way. t Information had reached this, colony, that Sir CHARLES FITZ ROT had arrived in'England,' and "been well received in Downing Street., It is confidently stated ihat Mr., WENTWORTH'» Constitution Bill would bo passed without material al- teration. Mr. LOWE intended to oppose it, but his success ms doubtful, and the »ports add that thefraraer of the Bill would return, not only triumphant, but as Sir WILLIAM (CHARLES WENTWORTH,'' Baro- net. It will be a bad job for the colony, and a heavy blow to England's controul over it, sliould' this turn out to be true.. A Bill to impose tonnage dues on shipping at Newcastle, for the purpose of improving the harbour, bad been in- troduced into the Council, and strongly opposed, but the second reading was ul- timately carried by a majority1 of '00 to 15\. Dr. LANG had given notice of his intention to introduce a Bill for the .in- corporation Q{ 'tho Moreton Bay. Land and Immigration Company. .>{ .. ' , A proclamation bits boen issued by the Governev-General, grounded upon an Order in Council dated February 1855,. and declaring that certain lands in the Port Curtis country shall bo'included in the Settled and Intermediate Districts, respectively, from and after] thó 1st day of December next. ' The 'lands ( thus brought within the Settled Districts arc the Counties or-reputo* Counties'of Clin'-. ton, Deas Thomson, aud Livingstone /«and thosaáMrfUded^igg^ intermediate Dis Íriotsfcáre|^l»^un»ie» of Palmerston, excepIW^M|óf^he coúaties^.Jjíehig. "* ilnttj-atfjatj «j»a*f linderMs ljeej within je^mjle|iiii|& straightp^ne ¿from ftbe ?pa/#uçh'çoMf being already ijgidedf ia <$%e SettlwT-^Districts ^hisT^olamtff tion isltKeljjhto givejsorae dissatisfaction at Potjt CujAjs. " je?. - it r_ , ., ( -vAnp^£e.r "Qrder ,iu Çouncit.has been issued,, autjiorising" the leasing of sup- posed mineral lands, not auriferous; for terms'not exceeding fourteen ¿years, al rentals .?to ne fixed; by- the=- Government, provided that no rental shall be less than ten shilling a year per acre. The lessee "trtrjlave the^option of giving'up{ his lease at"ihe end 'of the first year. " At the ex ÏiraiionTof ''the "léase, "the "land* is to" é open for .'sale by public auction, to the highest bidder. » - < > < ' - Miss CATHERINE HAYES liad arrived in Melbourne;, and one of her first acts displayed much goodness of heart Hav- ing read ..in t» Melbourne paper, on ¡en- tering Hobson's Bay,'that much "destitu- tion and suffering existed amongst the population residing at Collingwood, she wrote to ¿¡Ke,journal alluded to, offering her' services gratuitously at a concert for theberfèfitof the sufferers < j '. SAMUEL WILCOX and WILMAM RODGERS , the former for the murder of JOANNA SMITH, in, Sydney, and the latter for the murndcr -.of. JOSEPH ALLSOPP, at Baulkham Hills, werie hanged within the walls of Darlinghurst Gaol on the 5th instant. The execution was carried into effect by a prisoner named ELLIOTT, the hangman GREEN- being confined in Tar ban Creek Asylum as a lunatic. The Sydney flour market was in~a very" unsettled state, as 'will be seen on refe- rence Ito our. Sydney correspondence In another part of this issue will be found ex tracts-from'the latest intelligence, received. 