SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVED. Monday, March 12—The barge Lady Young, 77 tons, "Strachan, from Port "Wakefield. Cargo—60 tons copper ore. Same day- The brig Highland Lassie, 176 tons, Rowe, from Melbourne 3rd March. Tapley, agent. No passengers. Cargo—20 kegs tobacco, 99 cases brandy, 1 ditto ditto, 90 ditto ditto, 105 casks soda, Mohtefiore and Co ; 2 bales woollens, Order; 16 cases] galvanized iron, 1 ditto ridge caps, 1 ditto guttering, 1 ditto waterpipe, 1 ditto brackets, 21 pkgs galvanized | iron wire, 30 cases mustard, Order. Same day—The schooner Skyrocket, 85 tons, Munro, from Guichen Bay 10th March. Younghusband and ■Co., agents. No passengers. Cargo—11 bales wool, Macnicol and Young; 18 ditto ditto, Elder and Co. CLEARED OUT. Monday, March 12—The schooner Bandicoot, 55 tons, Hay, for Port Lincoln. Cargo—1 small bale machinery, 1 hhd and 1 barrel ale, 4 cheeses, 1 keg vinegar, 2 loaves sugar, 4 cases sundries, 1 coil Europe ] rope, 7 cases beer, 1 bundle sundries, 1 box raisins, 1 ditto soap, 1 ditto sundries, 1 ditto pipes, 6 ditto soap, 6 cans beer, 2 cross-cut saws, 1 bag flour, 1 ditto sugar, 2 cases champagne, 1 box soap, 10 parcels, 1 can pickles, 60 pieces quartering, 5 planks, 140 battens, 10 joists, 2 crates lemonade and sodawater. Same day—The cutter Star, 16 tons, Taylor, for Yorke's Peninsula. In ballast. SAILED. Monday, March 12—The schooner Bandicoot, for j Port Lincoln. MISCELLANEOUS SHIPPING. Captain Rowe, of the Highland Lassie, reports having passed the Havilah on Saturday last 90 miles to the south-east of Kangaroo Island light, contending against a head-wind. Captain Munroe reports that when he left Guichen Bay the barque Sydney had completed loading wool, and would shortly follow him for this port. Clipper Skip Great Republic.—This celebrated vessel having been rebuilt, with the reduction of one of her decks, is now loading at New York for San Fran cisco. She has the Forbes rig, modified and improved, by which a still smaller number of hands is required, and the necessity obviated of going aloft to furl sails, &c.; Her owners intend she shall have rapid despatch, not waiting for a full cargo.—Alta California, De cember 16. Wreck of the Iron Age.—We fear from the accounts that there is but little hope of the cargo being saved. The Iron Age was a quite new iron-built barque, of 361 tons register, and classed for nine years. This was her first voyage, and she had a full general cargo for Port land and Port Fairy. This is the second vessel lost on this dangerous spot within the last four months, and we surely think some effort should be made towards im pressing upon the authorities the absolute necessity of a lighthouse being erected there. The Cape is situated in the South Australian territory, but lying, as it ap pears to do, in such dangerous proximity to the line of trade to Portland and Belfast, it appears one of those cases in which two Governments, as was lately done at Gabo Island, might unite their mutual funds to abate a mutual peril.—Belfast Gazette. Irregularity.ix ax Immigrant Ship.—There has been some delay in passing the Athlete immigrant ship, in consequence of complaints having been made to the Immigration Board of irregular conduct on board that vessel, and of improper treatment of the immigrants. One of the charges made was of the single females be ing compelled to remain on deck at night to a late hour, was put in confinement for some weeks as a punish ment. Two secret passages, one from the doctor's cabin, and another from the captain's cabin, have been discovered leading into the single women's cabin. Other facts of an equally discreditable nature have been testified to. We cannot discredit the authority on which these statements are made ; and they are so dis graceful that we should think it a dereliction of public duty did we not expose them. As guardians of the public welfare, we cannot allow that immigration to this port should fall into bad odour with impunity or without public exposure.—Portland Guardian. Marine Disasters ox the Pacific Coast, 1854.— Considering the very large number of vessels navigating this coast, the losses are altogether insignificant com pared with the maritime losses on the Atlantic Ocean, which has swelled this year to an amount enormous beyond all precedent. It may, we think, be safely asserted that more vessels have been wrecked, and more lives lost on the sea this year, than during any two years within the memory of this present generation. In Torres Straits alone, upwards of seventy vessels had been wrecked during the first seven months of the pre sent year. The number wrecked or damaged on the Atlantic we have no means of determining exactly, but some idea may be formed from the list of wrecks and casualties at sea, registered at Lloyd's from 1st January up to the 1st October last. It discloses a frightful catalogue of ships missing, and which are now given up as lost, having, it is supposed, foundered with all hands on board. In all, there appear to have been no fewer than forty-eight, which do not include the losses of the Madagascar and the ill-fated City of Glasgow screw-steamer, with which up wards of 580 unhappy creatures were lost; nor the San Francisco, nor the Franklin, noi the Philadelphia, nor the Arctic, all first-class steamers. Of the forty eight enumerated in Lloyd's List, a large number were vessels bound across the Atlantic, carrying many pas sengers. Among them were the following, the Water loo, from Liverpool to New York; the Ann, Captain Atkinson, from Quebec, for Bristol; the Leviathan, of and from New York, for Dunkirk ; tha American Lass, Captain Cousins, from St. John's, N.B., for Oporto; the Emma Field, from Bath, U.S., for Liverpool; the Gipsy, Captain Stevenson, from St. John's, for Gree nock. Also, the ship Arco, of New York; the Agnes Hall, from Montevideo; Wilberforce, Syria, Urgent, Antilles, John Wickliffe, Governor Briggs, Wm. Thompson, Sarah (Peterson), Ann Tift, Spectator, Red Rover, Richard Watson, and the Abbe, of Bridgeport. The remaining vessels were schooners and brigantines. Strange to say, not a vestige of any one of the unfortunate vessels has turned up—not a fragment has been discovered.—San Francisco Herald, Jan. 1. Crest of the Wave v. the Red Jacket.—It has been stated in some of the Liverpool papers, while referring to the shortest passages that have been made to Aus tralia, that the Crest of the Wave's passage was 74 days. This is not the case, as it was made in 72 days 17 hours, which the copy of her log proves. Should the intelli gence of the Red Jacket having made the passage in 71 days from port to port be confirmed, the Crest of the Wave has still the advantage, when the facts that she was full of cargo, and the Red Jacket with passengers, and only in ballast trim, are considered.—Correspondent Liverpool Times. Australian Shipping : A Good Investment.—A small paddle steamer, of about 53 tons register, pur chased by two enterprising persons some time since here, and sent to trade in Hobson's Bay, has, it is said, been sold for £8000, the original cost being about £2000.— Liverpool Timts. VESSELS IN HARBOUR. Adeona, schooner, 130 tons, Noel, from Melbourne. New man and Co., agents. Laid up. Antilles, barque, 196 tons, Stamper, from Singapore. Col linson and Co., agents. Prince's Whaif. Australia, from Hamburg. Agents—^cott, Port; Dippel, Printz, and Christen, Town. Company's Wharf. Bernard, brig, 199 tons, Hicket, from Singapore. Aeraman, Main, Lindsay, and Co., agents. In the stream. Champion, brig, 226 tons, Jack, from Port Leichenhalt. Martin, agent. Queen's Wharf. Clarendon, brig, 167 tons, Lindsev, from King George's Sound. In the stream. Clipper, schooner, 155 tons, Mattson, from Melbourne. Colchester, brig, 153 tons, Adams, from Melbourne. Com pany's Wharf. Commodore, brig, 223 tons, Sayer, from Kangaroo Island. Company's Wharf. Fame, schooner, Back, from Troubridgc Island. In the Stream. Flora Kerr, barque, 416 tons, Symous, from London and Dartmouth. Aylwin ar.d Co., agents. Prince's Wharf. Francis, schooner, 102 tons, Kensett, from Sydney. George Glen, brig, 227 tons, Campbell, from Singapore. Newman and Son, agents. Company's Wharf. Hannah Maria, barque, 385 tons, Drew, from Lacepede Bay. Newman, agent. In the stream, dismantled. Hazard, schooner, from Melbourne. Collinson, agent. In the stream. Harry, brig, Galley, from Port Elliot. In the stream. Henry Woolley, barque, 450 tons, Bower, from London. Macdermott, Dutton, and Co., agents. Company's Wharf. Helen, Schooner, 156 tons, Walters, from Holiart Town. Queen's Wharf. Highland Lassie, brig, 176 ton3, Rowe, from Melbourne. Tapley, agent. Company's Wharf. Iris, barque, 230 tons, Dobson, from London. Elder and Co. agents Company's Wharf. Josephine Loizeau, schooner, Dickson, from Port, Elliot. In the stream. Loevesteyn, ship, 737 tonr, Schaap, from London. Chubb and Co. Company's Wharf. Leander, barque, 473 tons, Anderson, from London. Cleve and Co., agents In the stream. Lochinvar, brig, 199 tons, Browne, from Swan River. Scott, agent. Company's Wharf. Louisa, brig, 182 tons, Heslop, from Singapore. Newman and Son, agents. Queen's Wharf. Mermaid, brig, Pitt, from Hobart Town. Queen's Wharf. Nile, ship, 764 tons, Sinclair, from Plymouth. Beck and Co., agents. In the stream. Norman, ship, 577 tons, Adams, from Southampton. Elder and Co., agents. In the stream. Peveril, sloop, 60 tons, Millchrist, from Melbourne. Queen's Wharf. Rosamunde, barque, 537 tons, Bichley, from Liverpool. Dickson, agent. Company's Wharf. Rodney, ship, 900 tons, Frazer, from Plymouth. Beck and Co., agents. In the stream. Skyrocket, schooner, 185 tons, Mnnro, from Guichen Bay. Younghusband, agent. Queen's Wharf, Tiberias, barque, Todd, from London. Fox and Co., agents. Company's Wharf. Tiinandra, barque, 310 tons, Solomon, from Ilobart Town, Hall and Co., agents. In the stream. Tweed, coal-hulk. Simpson, agent. In the stream. Verona, schooner, Hepburn, from Melbourne. Newman and Son, agents Laid up in the stream. White Swan, steamer, 330 tons, McEwen, from Melbourne Fox and Co., agents. Queen's Wharf. William Stevenson, Williams, master, from Liverpool. Doutty and Co, agents. In the stream. Yatiikale, barque, 336, Pearson, fiom London, Chubb and Co, agents. Company's Wharf. Yatala, Government schooner, Germain, from Cape Borda. In the stream. Yssel, ship, 540 tons, Messen, from Plymouth. Aylwin and Co., agents. Company's Wharf. AT THE NORTH ARM. Prince Regent, barque, 528 tons, Jago, for Calcutta. Col linson, airent. Kangaroo, ship, 660 tons, Pickering, for London. Agents— DePass and Co., Town; Scott, Port. VESSELS EXPECTED. The following is a list, taken from various sources, of vessels laid on or sailed for this port:— FROM LONDON, dolph von Nassau, loading 1st October Danneborg (Danish), 291 tons, loading 1st October Duke of Lancaster, 463 tons, Major, to sail 7th June Jane Green, 800 tons, sailed 2nd August Jannet, 317 tons, loading 1st OctoberJ John Sugars, loading 1st October Libertas, entered outwards 7th April* Locrestin, Muller Maid of Yarra, sailed 22nd August Mary Graham, sailed 31st August Number One, with dispatch Ouderdirk, 1300 tons, to sail 25th June Penelope, barque, loading 1st October FROM PLYMOUTH. Lady Macdonald, with Government emigrants, to sail about "the 14th December FROM LIVERPOOL. Burra Burra, ship, 1000 tons, to sail about the end of No vember Flora, with Government emigrants, to sail about the 21st December Morrison, 31st August Northern Light, with Government emigrants, to sail about the 27th November White Cloud, to sail about the 1st November FROM GLASGOW. Huron, to sail in August FROM LEITH, Achilles, sailed in November FROM SUNDERLAND, Sir Charles Napier, 450 tons, uncertain FROM CARDIFF. Charles Kerr, with coals. FROM SINGAPORE, Symmetry, uncertain FROM LAUNCESTON. Emma, sailed 15th September FROM MELBOURNE. Louisa, early Nancy, early FROM PORT ELLIOT. Jeune-Ies-loi, daily 