Sales by Auction. THIS DAY, THE CUTTER ALPHA. To the Fishing Companj-, and Musters of VeEsels and Seoluring Men Gene-rally, STUBBS and SON will toll by public auction, at their rooms, (¿men.street, en Xueedaj', 2nd January, at tw Ive o'clock, The fast Bttiiinjr, strong and tight littlecutter ALPHA, of 30 ton», 750-350Gths, and cairien 75 tons to Hie Qucen'a Y. harf. Her length is 45 feet, breadth 11 Jeet, and depth of hold 7 lect ; has standing bow sprit, andis cutter ringed. 'Tina vessel ia particularly well found in anchors, clialns, cables, standing and running rigging, sails, &o.;, is ready to co to sea, and is well adapted lor the fishing trade. Sho has a large and very handsome cabin, in ?which aro five berths. Altogether this useful vessel will be found nmont profitable investment, and ia weU worthy the at ention oi tho sailor. Terms at Sale. 1072 OLD CHRISTMAS DAY. Christmas Box of ¿2436 a year. This ia the True and Real Time to Purchase I Properties nie now tobe obtained on suchlavor able terms, nnd :.t such decreased prices, that n purchase must at thaprecont moment enture valuable returns for investments in City Pro- perty, The Golden Fleece, And three adjoining Jloust3 and Shops at the corner ol llussoli street and Little Bourke street STUBBS and SO\ have received instructions to »eil by public auction, at their room? Queen street, on Satuiday, Oth January, 1855, at twelve o'olick preciad j, That -very valuable leasehold property, the Golden Tleeee public home and thrco adjoining houses and shops, Bituatc in Russell slrett and Little Bo lrlti stn et Tina property h Ids out inducements to the inomed interest of Melbourne for invistment .which are seldom to bo met with, viz an im mediate and ready money return lot 1 ? The Golden Fleece publicliou'e, at Ox» corner < 1 Russell street V, Little Bourke street ii,now let to that highly respectable tenant Mi Williams ior ti e sum of -U50D per annum for iouricais frem about the 21tt December, 1851, ?which nut is punctually paid monthly m advance The house ic bu It of stone and brick, has a cool and lofts ecllui, excellent bar, six parlours and eittingrooms A large Concert Room, and nine lofty well proportioned b( drooms, with stable, btore jard, and ¿11 eomeniences _ L°t 2> ' Adjoining fhcae enviable and lucrative premisea aro The Shades let to Mr Jones ior £520 per annum, which rental is lcgularly and punctually paid weekly in advance The piemisea contain eight good, sized rooms, with all usual and weU arranged con venienceB Lot 3, An Ojstennd Poultry Shop let to Mr, TVan for £208 nor lignum, regularly and punctually paid iveeklj in Ptlvanee Thete j remine* are of stone and brick, and most subbtnntiil end weH built, and contain three rooms and Bliop Lot 4 Is a painter and gla/ict'a shop, let to Mr Downs for £20» per annum, also paid regularly weekly ïn advance, and contains three rooms and shop The situation of the Golden Tleece public bouse, IB known to all, it is a corner house com manding the trade of two preat thoroughfares The properties m Little Bourke street are all in çood ordei1, built of brick and stone, and in which is now camod on e,vto aivo busini BS The rertnl produced at present is £2410 per ann um and allow ing ior any future depreciation, Btillnmoit handsome income will be received, the premises being all of stone and brick, and moat substantially built The entire property is long leasehold, havfng 30 years unexplied to run from August, 1854, at a ven trifling ground rent The terms will be mont liberal, at Sale, and all iurthei paiticulars can be obtained at the count- ing house of the auctioneer», Queen street ._107_ TO MORROW CORRXJG VTTD IRON HOUSES To New Chums, Mnall Iamihes, and ill those X>osaos-.ing Land, requiring Comfortable Homes, ¿c STUBBS and SON will sell by public auotion, at their rooms, Queen street, opposite the Union Bank, on Wedncsduj, Jrd January, 1855, at eleven o'clock, 2 corrugated iron house", oi four rooms each, lined throughout, with glazed windows, most beautiful papering, with paint and every required fittings, ( Ac, according to specifications and pl'ns, which can bo seen ut the looms oí the anctioners Also, 2 oorrmratfd non houses, of two rooms each, -with all requisites, as foi the nboee houses These pretty strong und highly finished houses ?will ho lound particularly worthy the atten tion of ti e fimall capitalist and those requiring si comfortable home at a moderate outlay They aie in all refpects built with a view to durability, -end were made by the met eminent linn in england Terms-Cadi 1072 ANOTtlTR or 1IÎT ONLY CIT.Y PR PERTirS IN THE MARIvLT VOR lil HAVING Hie Elephant and Cnstle, Little Bourke Eliect east 'Hie du cet Kid to a Certain and Rapid Tortune lrcehold Stone and Brick Property To Wine ned Spirit tv croll nits, Brewers, and N_ C upitnhsts STUBBb and SON will BCII by public auction, it tlicir rooms Queen btreot, on Tndaj, 5th January, at t^ eli e o clock piecii- ely That large, sabstniitially, and well built stone and blick Hotel, Ivnown as the Llephant and Castle m I lttlo Boun.c street east I lus w eil est iibli lied and extensively pnttoniEcd liotel is fitted up in the hist Btjle and with cverj suitable convenience for conducting, as is now done, a Large and - Amone, the various will arranged apartments, .will be lound A lutge and well proportioned bar, with all rcquiiements Bar parlor Iwositting rooma One dining room 1 lnr»e concert room o loflj and any bedrocms Seivanto' looms btcio rocinb StableB lor six horses, nndosoeUentout olllces, te In [bringing these very enuable premises into the marl ci for public competition, it is necessary to state that they are at present let to that hijrhlj leBpectablo tenant, Mi ButeB, l>r three and a half years, at ¿450 per annum, which is most punctu allj paid quarter^ It may be remarked with peifect truth that each landlord who has been FO lortunnte aa to hold these premises has îealibcd a Speedj Tortuno To prove the iact, it is only necessary to men tion the well know n unmcB of a few who have so quicklj roah ed -Air Cuntlon, Mr Short, Mr "VVa'-soD "Mr Millett, nnd others It would appear some houses carry with them, in spite oi baa tim« s. The Philosopher^ Stone, and power of making montj Such is the case with the 1 lephnnt and Castle This first class propcity is so very well known to themcichants and oaritahsts generally that it ia unnecessary to on j mote than that the terms wiUbo inostlibeial at sale 1072 SH Y.-MROCK COTT VGE Latrobe rtieet, near King street STUBBb and SON will sell by public auction at their rooms, on Tnday, 5th inst, at twelve o clock, Hie above neat ind "substantially brick built premises conii«tmg of four rooms, with detached kitchen, and up lo the preBent time has been let at a stead} rental of £0 pu week Thlsiswort'ij the attention of persons Booking a good investment, did the proprietor wishes to dispo«e of it soleil ior tho reason that his iuturo operations will be confined to an adjoining co Ion y Terms liberal, at bale 1072 BBTJNSM lCIv Premises In the 1 state of Mr V illiam Sims By Order or the Trustees STUBBS and SON will sell by public auction nt then rooms on Monday, 8th inst, at twelve o'clock A valuable corner allotment, having 112 feet lrontago to Wigton street. íunning iiom thobjd nej load to Mern Crock, by a depth of 135 leet to Cameron street On tho abo\e property is erected n five roomed ironhouse uaed as stiop and dwelling 37 feet ling and 15 feet wide -ind oapable, m the hands ol an enterprioinB individual, ol being-turned to good account Aleo, Upon the carne corner is erected a spacious two roomed dwelling house, Blatod roof, each room 15 by 1 J, with hall four feet wide Terms at Sale, 1072 ST. KILDA. A Freehold, Allotment, Store and Residence, Clyde-street, St. Kilda. To New Arrivals of Moderate Capital about to Enter into Business. STUBBS and SON will sell by public auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Friday, 5th inst., at twelve o'clock, That well-situated freehold allotment, with store and residence erected thereon, in Clyde-street, St. Kilda. The allotment is 50 feet x 82 feet 6 inches, hav- ing a frontage to Clyde-street, with a particularly well-arranged store erected thereon, of 20 feet by 40 feet which is so parti- tioned as to enable the proprietor to open two dis- tinct shops; also, in the rear is an excellent dwel- ling room 13 x 20 feet, so that a small family would, by the purchase oi this little freehold property, possess a comfortable home and the means of car- rying on an extensive business. Added to this, is a good stable, fowl-house, and other conveniences suitable for trade and domestic comfort. So com- pact and complete a little business property is sel- dom offered for sale, and the present is an oppor- tunity which ought not to be lost sight of by the small capitalist desirous of possessing good pre- mises at a moderate outlay. Terms, literal, at Sals 1072 Sales by Auction. S' TO-MORROW. Ginger Beer Coiks. » STUBBS and SON will sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, 3C0 gr.BB gin ger beer corks. Terms-Cash. 1072 BRUNSWICK. . In the Estate of Mr. Sims. By Order of Edward Courtney, E TIJBU3 and SON will Bell by publio auction, at thflir rooms, on un curly day, The iron house and premises situate at Brunswick. FuU particulars in a future advertisement. _1072 THIS DAY. To Confectioners, Grocers, and Others. Eighteen Cases Prime Von Diemen's Land Jams. WM. TENNEN I' and CO. will sell by auction, . at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at twelvo o'clock precisely, l8 casCB Van Diemen's Land jams, an ex- cellent assoit ment, in first-rate con- dition. Terms at Sale. 3=55 '. THIS BAY. To Drapers, Dealers and Others. WAI. TEKiN'BKT and CO. will sell by auc ? tion, at their rooms, on Tuesday, January 2nd, 1655, at twelve o'clock, 4 cases straw bonnets of every description, of the newest patterns and designs. Theac poods have just arrived by the Argo, steamer, and are well worthy oi the attention oi the trade. ' _Terms at Sale._3778 THIS DAY. To Spirit Morokunts, llotolkeepers, and Others. West India Rum Booth's Old Tom. WAI, TENNENT and CO. will fell by auction, . at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd J anuary, 1855, at twelve o'clock, 15 hhds West India rum 150 cases Booth's old Tom, in 1. doz cases Just landed. Terms at Sale. 3778 _ THIS DAY. Pine Boards, Spruce Battens, Deals, and . Scantlinf. On the premises, Little Lonsdale street, between King and William stieets. WM. TENSEN I" and CO. will sell by auc » tion, on the premises, Little Lcnsdale strcet, between King and William streets, on Tuesday, 2nd Januarj, at eleven o'clock, AU in good condition, just landed. 429 pine boards, li inch 1017 do Bpruce do do 7 x 1 2247 do do do 7 x 1 i and li 1730 battens, 7 x 2{ 380 spruce deals, 9, 10,11x3 802 pieces pine scantling, 4, 3, and 0 indi square Turma at Sale. 3S55 THIS DAY. To Close Consignments, To Wine and tpinr Merchants. V7ÇT M. TENNENT and CO. have received in VV « structior.s to Bell by auction, on Tu"sday 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, 3 hhds Kartell's brandy, vintage 1S51 3 do do do 3 do do do 1 do Jamaica rum 1 do Scotch whiskey Store-rent paid up. Terms nt Sale. 3383 TO-MORROW To Ironmonger», Cutlers, fancy Waiehouscmsn, and Others Electro-plated andBritanmn-metalGoods, Cutler), Ornaments, and BruBhware rxr M THNNENTondCO will sell b) auction, »V « -it their rooms, on Wcdncsda), 3rd Janu. ary, at twelve o clock precisely, Electro plated coffee and tea services Do spoons, lorks and cruet frames Britannia-metal good', assorted Accordéons, writing de=kfl, brushes and combs Scissors, knives and folks, pen and pocket knives China ornaments, with glass shades And an astortment ol lancy goods 1 erins at bale 3s55 MONDAY, 8th JANUARY, 18o. To Capitalists, Hotelkeepers, Speculators, and nil Wealthy People in Victoria, seeking ior BiireandLligiWe Investment AU that Valuable Treohold, the Cr)Stnl Palace, Situate in Little Bourke street, A Licensed House WM TI NNEN1 and CO have received m structions from the proprietor, Mr. Richard Cantwell, to sell by public auction, at their rooms, nMondi), 8th Januar), J855 at twelve o'clock, All that splendid Licensed Hotel, known as the Crystal Palace, Bitnate in Little Bourke cteeet, The house comprises seventeen spacious and convenient rooms, with out offices of eveiy con veniencc, and stabling a'tached Iho house is doing a firBt rate business, and from the desirable loealit), being the most buaj and central part of lie town, must al\ ays command a largo ready money businesí. Intending purchasers are muted to inspect the premises and ti ade prior to the day of sale, and they can then judge ior themselves oi the im mense drily income that is derivable from thi rOj.eitj. Title unevceptionable. Terms at Sale. 3778 TO MORROW Important Sale oi Fourteen Crates and Casks oi well assorted E irthernware, ¿c From One of the Fn st Potteries in btaflordslnro WM lENNlNTand CO are instructed by « the importers to pell by auction, at their rooms, on Wedneadaj, 3rd inst, at tweli e o'clock, Hie following avortaient of earthenware, &o; , selected with great care, and consisting ol 1 cíate breakfast cups and saucers, Span ish blue, Chantilly and Kulali 3 do brcnl last cups and Bimcers, bowls, sugar bo\e=, butter tubs and st-ind", muflln», B and B plates, creams, milk jujfi, egg cupi, mugs, dishes as loi ted, toilette BON, chambers, all flower,blue, hosg, and marble ido toilette ets, plain blue, Chantilly, Geneva, neutral Venice, unique, Ita Han, marble, Richmond blue stripes, do green do, do enamelled, do mul berry 2 crntca break fast cups, saucers, mufllnB, dishep, plates, egg cups, cream and milk jugs, bowls, dinner plates, pud. ding and cheese pTates,diiheB assorted, gravy dish, fish drainer, bakerr., salad cheeta stand, all blue, Kulali, flower blue, marble, Spanish and drab-ena- melled 1 do jugs nBsortedt common dipped blue, Chantilly hjaemth, inulbeiij, marble 1 cask dCBBcrt sets, green glasses, and WindBor 3 crates dinner pintes and soups, willow ptttem 2 do twifllers 1 do dinner plates, soups, twifllers, muf fins 5 do dishes, assorted 2 do bakers do willow 4 do vegetable dishcB and covers ¿ do dinner plates, soups, pudding and cheese plates, dishes and pie Mshes, assorted, soup and sauce dishes, vegetable dishes and covers 2 do breakfast cups and saucera, melon shape 21 era eB ewers and basins, ohambers, pep- pers, mustards, salts, Ac 1 cíate bed-pans and foot baths 1 do pudding bowls with tims 1 hhd jelly cans assorted 1 do lilac ana drab jugs, peppers, mus turdB, and children's canB 1 do jugs a'-eortcd, melon and tin Bhape 1 do china breakfast sets, gold band and lines 1 tierce of china breakfast sets, moroon ground, flowers and gold, very rich 2 crates ehambei bowls, assorted yeUow 2 do jug«, assorted j ellow 3 do consisting of elong and round bakers, bowls, Ac. 2 do chambers oblong bakers, jugs, bowls, butter tubs 1 cratejugs, nssoited, Rockingham 20 crates stone gmgerbeer bottles, half pintB 22 cu«kß glass soda water, ginger beer bottleB 17 crates breakfast cups and saucer», blue printed 2 dinner platea, aoup, rudding, and mut ton 2 dodiBhoB, and gravy diBhee, blueprinted, assorted 2 do chambers, bowl«, punch bowls, Ac , blue print« d 10 do dinner plates, soup, Ac ,blue painted 4 do flower pots, half pints, pints, quarts, and two quarts, and stands for do, as sorted » Terms at eale ' In drawing the attention of the trade to the above splendid asnortmont oi earthenware, the auctioneers have much pleasure in doing so as a better selection was never imported into the co lony 38S3 TO-MORROW. In the Insolvent Estate of M'Lennon and M'Alpin. By order of li. E. Jacomb, Esq., Oillclul Assignee. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auc . tion, on the premises. Union Brewery, Lit tie Lonsdalc-street, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, The interest of the above-named innolvents in the Union Brewery, Little Lonsdale-street, toge- ther with the plant, &o.; To any one about commencing business thia ia an excellent opportunity. FuH particulars can be obtained on the pre niées. Terms at Sale. 3883 TO-MORROW. To Ironmongers and Others. Gold Scales, Iron Cash Boxes, Japanned CaBh Boxes, WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auc é tion, at their-rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at twclvo o'clock precisely, Gold scales, assorted' in oak boxo., from 2 ozs. to 10 ozs., with cup and weights Do. do.,-with brats piUars, on melwgtti'y Blands Japanned cash-boxce, NOB, 0 to 3, fitted with tumbler locks Also, Iron each or deed boxes, assorted sizes. Tenne fit Sole. 388, Sates by Auction. THIS DAY. Superiur St. Julien Claret. To "Wine and Spirit Merchants, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sellTiy auo. . tion, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd ins,.., at twelve o'clock, precisely, 450 cases superior . t. Julien claret. ' , _Termo at bale. 3853 THIS DAY. To the Inhabitants of the Gardiner's Creek Road, Newly-arrived Immigrants, and Othera. Unreserved bale ol' Superior and really Choice Household Furniture, at the Residence of Mrs. Fenwick, Gardiner's Trcek Road, South Yarra. SYMONS and PERKY have been favored with instructions to sell by Ruction, on the pre- mises of Mrs. Fenwick, in consequence of the family le_iing ior England, on Tuesday, 2nd January, at twelve o'clock, All her superior household furniture, consisting of Mahocany telescope dining tables Side tables Do cupboard« Rocking chairs Ea.y do Carpets Hearthrugs Handsome inlaid Danish oak loo table Do do cabinet Do do table French »ii!e-faides Statuettes, medallions, by Thorswaiden Wine, ale, oliampagno glasses Dinner service Iron bedsteads and furniture Horsehair mattresses Chest drawers Looking.gla8bes Plated ware Wash-staiida and services Kitchen Utensils 2 handsome and useful four-wheeled car Mages Double and single harness, satldlos, <_o. Water-casks, poultry, garden utensils, .te. The above will be on view one day previous to the day of sale. Applications for cards totview to be obtained at the auctioneers, or intending pur- chasers applying for admission on the premises will be admitted on Monday, 1st Jan. Terms at Sale. 3870 TO MORROW. To Livorystnble Keepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PEItllYwill sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 3rd January, 1855, attwilvc o'clock, 2CObanols prime oata,33 bushels each, in good condition. Terms-Cash. 3S53 TO-MORROW. " To Private Families, Dealers, and Others, English Patent Gazogenes. SYMONS and PfcRRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 3rd January, 18Î5, at twelve o'clock, l8 English patent gazogenes 4 do do do, gilt, enamelled. _Terms-Cash._3.53 TO-MORROW. To Wine and ipirit Merchants, Publicans, Dealers, and Others. Unreserved sule of Wines. Spirits, .to. SYMONS and PEOllY will sell by auction, at the Conimerciol Sales Room, on Wednesday, 3rd January, 1S55, at twelve o'clock, 20 hhds. Booth's old tom I") do Mollyneux _ do 100 baskets champagne, 1 doz. each 84 calcado do 100 do port wine, do 24 hhds ale 150 cn^es Duckworth's ale, 3 doz. each 200 do Porter's porter, do 75 do sherry, do 150 do pale brandy, 1 doz. each, duty paid 10 hhd. dark brandy, in bond 370 ca=es Lowndes's.oldtom, 1 doz, each, in bond _Terms at Sale._3S53 TO MORROW. To Ironmongers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Gunpowder. Gunpowder. Gunpowder. From the celebrated house Curtis and Hervey's. SYMONS and PEItRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednes. day, 3rd January, lit twelve o'clock, 138 quorter-barrels Curtis and Hervey's Gun. powder. Consisting of Double and treble FF F Tower prool FFF Diamond In lots to suit purchasers. Terms at Sale. 3853 TO-MORROW. To Liverystable Ket-rers, Storekeepers, and Others. Bran, Oats, &o.; SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room on Wednesday, 3rd January, 1S55, at twelve o'clock, 1(100 bushels new colonial bran 300 do Van Diomen's Land oats, primo sample Terms at Sale. 3853 MOND 1Y 8th JANUARY To Wine and Spirit Merchant», Publicans, SpeculatoiB ind Others Capital Cb nice of Investment The Race Course Hotel, Raleigh'a Punt Road S\ MONS and PERRY are favored with instruo lions from the owner to submit to public com petition, at the Commercial bales Room, on Mon day, bth January, at twelve o'clock, M ithout any reserve whatever, All that valuable Property situated at the j motion of the Raleigh's Punt and Pascovale Hoads, comprising r substnniml Building oi brick and stone, kn"i\n CB Hie Race Course Hotel, ContPinmg, on the ground floor Bpr, 17 ieet rquaro, bar t irlor 12 leetO inches x10 feet, taproom 17 ieet \ lOftet, lobby, 7 feet wide, parlor, 17 feet square, kitchen, 15 feet x 10 ieet On the first floor Tour bedrooms oaoh ol spacious dimensions, ind 3 others divided byloldirg toors, which when thrown openlormn magnficent saloon ornbscinbly room, 52 feet 4 inches long, having a ba1 cony the entire length of the fiont, as well as a verandah to the ground floor, also, strbles and all other necetsory comeniences, the whole of which were built under the professional Buptrintendcnco of CharleB Laing, Esq , the well known architeot, whoso plans Ac , may be seen at tho room» of the auctioneers An insuranco policy ior the sum of £4400 will be handed over to the puichascr With the hotel w ill be sold half an acre ol land, bounded on ti o two Bides by main Government Roids The hotel has alicen'-o, and is now doing a first- rate business Hie vendor will uce ovciy cltort in getting the license transferred to the purohaser, or will pay lum a rental of £000 per annum, until such time as a better oller can be had After vvhioh will be sold, A superior five roomed weatherboard house, comprising sitting room, two bed roomB, kitchen, and dairy, recently lined, papered, una painted ?\\\ith the house will bo Bold H ac-o oi gorden land, well stocked with iruit trees in full bearing, and a capital crop oi fruit on them Una =cason Also, A two roomed wcatherboird house, with five atallcd stable, about three-quarter aero of land, lacing a mum Government road title unexceptionable Terms liberal, declared at time of Sale The situation of the above really valuable pro ptrty is delightful in the extreme, overlooking the fertile banks of the Saltwater River for an e>tent ot man j miles, Hobson's Bay, Williams town, and shipping As a speculation ior a clever and active man of business, few if any of Buch situations and chances ol a rapid fortune are now available Cards to view the premises may bo had (also any information lequired) at the roomB oi the auctioneers, or at the hotel. ¿822 s IO MORROW To Wine and Spirit Merchants. Private TamiheB, Dealers and Others Very Superior Assortment ol Hock Wines SIMONS and PFRRY will Bell by auotion at the Commercial Sales Itoom, on Wednesday, 3idinst at tw eli eo clock, 58 ca=es each 1 dozen, pints and quarts of very superior hock comprising I îeub frauinilch Johannisberger, Scharz hofbergcr fiasco, and ABsmaashauscr 8 do, do, do, do icrms-Cash 1870 IO MORROW Valuable Lca6ohold Property Bourke street Bowling Saloon YMONS andPLRllY wiU submit to public com petition at the Commercial bales Room, on Wednesday 3rd Jan 1855 ,at t\\\ elve o cUck, Hie _ne\pired Leise, terminating March 1850 of all tliOBc premises known as the Bourke B.reet Bowling Sjloon, near the Post Ofiloe, now in full pl_),tholront-ige is l8 feet bj i dipfh of 95 feet, with three excellent alle) B, a handsome plate glass iront and fitted w ith refreshment counters Ac With the premises will be sold a quantity of furniture now in use, t> catalogue ol whioh may be Been on application to the auctioners Over the alley aie five convenient apartments which ma) be used us a boarding establishment ierms of payment will be made known at time of bale_3095 THIS DAY J II* NMNGHAM (successor to S Bot , tomle)) will Bell on luesday, 2nd mat, Thigh boots Wellingtons Carpet sUppers Albert do Women ii shoe* Girl's and children's do _ferms-CaBh_177 THIS DAY Opening Sale WJ HEMMINGIIAM (successor to S Bot s tomle)), will sell, at his rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd mst. at ten o'clock prompt, Case brandy Green tea Pickles bardines Mustard Anchovies Tomato catsup _ferma-Cash_178 THIS DAY WJ HENNIN G HAM (successor to S Bottom . ley) will sell at lus rooms, on fuesd»), 2nd inst, Pistols Guns, in caces Gold watches Do rings Concertinas . . Te 170 w Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Great Opening Sale. Farms. Farms. Farms. TST J. HENSINGHAM (succeBEOr to S. Dot VV . tomlcy), will Bell by auction, at his rooms, opposite the Union Bank, 71 Collins.street west, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock prompt, Kino valunblo farm». For Holiness ol soil and adnptncss for agricul- tural purposes, the above plots of ground aro un- equalled by any in the district. The land is new under purvey, so that pur- chasers can have a most immediate possession. Title-A Crown Grant. Terms-Liberal._175 THIS DAY. Great Opening Sale. WJ. HENNINGHAM (successor to S. Bot- tomley), will sell by auction, at his rooms, opposite the Union Bank, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at ten o'clock prompt, 240 valuable lots of building ground, in the township of Footscray. The main Ballaarat road, leading to the above allotments, is the best in the colony, and thronged by traffic, whilst the steamers now running to and from the township offer unusual facilities for communication. These and other considerations, such as an abundant supply of wood and pure water, at less than Melbourne prices-the beautiful appearance of thia and the adjoining scenery-the rapidly increasing population, together with its close proximity to Melbourne, render each of these allotments a homestead very much to be coveted by the tradesmen of Melbourne or the artizan of the neighborhood, where labor of every descrip- tion is needed and sought for, and will continue to increase, in order to compete with the pre- gressive erection of all sorts of buildings which are rising up as if by magic. In order to ensure spirited bidding on the occa- sion, the auctioneer hopes that persons who intend buying will personally inspect the ground, which will bear inspection at any season of the year, being situated on rising ground, and per fectly free from a swampy tendency even in the depth of winter. All purchasers will be taken to and from the ground per Expert steamer, free of charge. Terms very liberal, at Sale. Title-One remove from a Crown Grant. 174 THIS DAY. I.N.E. Matches, Evans's Ale, Cart Harness, Bi-Carbon Soda. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at his . rooms, Queen-Btreet, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at one o'clock, 12,cases I.N.E, p.nd assorted matches 50 do Evan's bottled ide, 4 dozen each 20 sets light cart harness 5 do double do 20 casks bi-carbonate soda 20 bags oats, 3 bushela each. 38S4 THIS DAY. 100 Cases Van Diemen's Land JamB, JA. HAY will Bell by public auction, at his . rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 2nd Ja- nuary, 1855, at one o'clock, 100 cases V. D. Land jams. 8600 THIS DAY. 100 Kegs Urandy. 50 Cases Kvans's Porter. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, nt his . rooms, Queen street, on Tuesday, 2nd Ja- nuary, 1855, at one o'clook, 100 kegs brandy, 10 galls each 50 caseB Evans's porter. 3809 THIS DAY. 420 Cases Pickles, Assorted. JA. HAY will sell by publio auction, at his . rooms, Quccn-atreot, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at one o'clock, 420 cases Wyt-row's, Batty'?, and Crosse and Blackwells pickles and sauces, assorted. 3S00 THIS DAY. 50 Kegs Horse Shoes, 120 do Nails. JA. HAY will sell by publio auction, at his . rooms, Queen, street, on Tuesday, 2nd January', 1855, at one o'clook, 50 kegs horse shoes 120 do nails, assorted. 3300 THIS DAY. 10000 Red Bricks. , JA. HAY will sell by public auction, on the ? Queen's Wharf, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at a quarter to eleven o'clock, 10,000 red bricks. 3851 TO-MORROV. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Other3, Stock-in.'Trade ol'an Insolvent. JA. nAY will sell by public auction, at the , stores, 01 Little Bourlte-street east (known as the Red House), on Wednesday, 3rd inst,, at tvvel'% v)ock, By order of the trustees, The stuck-in-trade of C. Burton and Co,, insol vsnts, consisting of Booth's old Tom Marlcll's brandy Cases do W. I. rum Scotch and Irish whiskey Port and sherry in hhds. Cases champagne Do do cyder Do ale and porter Lime juice Bal reis pork Jams, pickles, bottled fruits, preserves, Ac. Also An excellent spring dray, and dog-cart. 1082 THIS DAY. To Livery Stable Keepers, Flour Merchants, Ac 100U Bushels Bran, and 20 Tons Flour. A FRASER and CO. (successors tb E. Cohen, . late Francia and Cohen) have received in- structions to sell by publio auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1655, at eleven o'clock, 1000 bushela bran lOtonB flour. Also, 10 tons Chilian flour. . Terms at Sale, 3315 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Country Storekeepers, and Dealers. New Year Opening and Unreserved Sale of Oilmen's StorcB. A FRASER and CO., (successors to E. Cohen, . late Francis and Cohen), have been favored with instructions to Bell by public auction, at their rooms, 14 Collins, street we.-t, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at eleven o'clock, The following choice .election of Batty and Co.'s Oilmen's stores, 120 caaes aßäorted pickles, pints and quarts 50 do do bottled fruitB 24 do do anchovy and bloater paste 00 do superior coperB 54 do do mustard, 1-lb and .-lb 105 do do castor oil, in pints and half-pints The abovo are a very superior and fresh lot. Without reserve. Terms at Sale. 3815 THIS DAY. To Flour Merchants, Country Storekeepers, and Others. 850 BuBhels Bran, Prime Lot. AFRASEtt and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, . late Francis and Cohen) have been favored with instructions to sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, . 850 bushela verv superior bran. Terms at Sale. 3800 THIS DAY. Opening and Unreserved Sale for the New Year. Attendance of Grocera and Storekeepera requested. Teas, Butter, Cheese, Picklea, Fruits, A FRASER and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, ê\late Francia and Cohen,) have been favored with instructions from the importers to sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd January at eleven o'clock, 200 half-chests souchong tea 100 kegs finest Cork butter, really prime 1C0 cases assorted bottled lruita 20 do white onlonB 130 do pint pickles , 52 do raspberry vinegar, . pints 12 do concentrated lemonade * 40 do English jams, 1 and 2 lbs. 3 do maccaroni and vermicelli 50 do Wiltshire cheese 10 do 1NE matches 140 do superior soap, in casks. The trade will bo so good as to notice the above Bale, and kindly attend. Tuesday, 2nd January. Terms at Sale._3354 TO-MORROW. An Elegant Pianoforte, (Tomkisson, London). A FRASER and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, . late Francis and Cohen,) have received in structions to sell by publio auction, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 3rd January, at eleven o'clock, An elegant walnut cottage pianoforte (T. Tomkisson, maker to the Queen), 0J octaves, carved legs, Frenoh mouldings, metallic pluto 0 music-Btools Also, 2 cases looking-glassc», 25 x 17, 32 x 20, 20x10,17x11. Terms at SrM._3851 % TO-MORRv^v' Beautiful Assortment of Shct'm. ' and Aberdeen ilosiery. Will be Sold Without Reserve, to Close Accounta. A FRASER and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, . late Francis and Cohen,) will sell by pubUc auction, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 3ruinat., at eleven o'clock, A very choice selection of hosiery goods, con. sisting ol Dark and colored Iamb's wool socks Colored real Shetland do Fine white Aberdeen knitted do Do do Sanquhar do stripe Women's drawers, dresses, &c; Do silk and wool slips Men's superior Saxony do Do larabswool panta, military banda 2 to 5 girl's knit dreBses Childcn's tartan silk coats A large assortment of the above, as also Angola glovc3 and mitts Barege scarfs Napoleon cravats, satin do Paient traveUing wrappers, Ac, "," "^ Term? at Sole. 3806 Sales by Auction, THURSDAY, 4 th JANUARY, 0 Superior London-built Dog Carts. To Private Gentlemen, Livery Stable Keepers, and Others. A FRASER and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, . late Francis and Cohen) have received in. , structiona to sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 0 very handsDmo and superior London built dog carts, patent axles, tpringa, Ac, with tlio latPBt improvements. Terms at Sale. 3800 THIS DAY. To Grocers and Others. A FRASER and CO. (suceei-sors to E. Cohen, late Francis and Cohen), will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'oloek, 20 cases German matches 20 do Wilts cheese 200 half-chests Souchong tea._ 1033 THURSDAY, 4th JANUARY. To Saddlers, Boot and Shoe Makers, Fancy Dealers, I and Others, A FRASER and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, ,/X« late Francis and Cohen), have received in- structions to sell by public auction, at theirrocma on Thursday, 4th iupt., nt eleven o'clock, 2 sots best plated on German silver har- ness, with round reins, best hard Bteol bit, London collar, double stitohed 2 do solid brass harness, round reins and back bands, lined throughout 7 do do do, flat reins, do Also, 00 pairs Bluchers, colonial-mnde 10 doz pairs best Wellington boots 3 pairs hunting boots 4 cases containing 114 dozen flat and round shoe brushes 42 do hat, polishing and stove do lo do rosewood, satin and white hair do I 20 do ground painting do 50 do assorted brushes 33 do dressing comba, superior, assorted 10 do pocket and braid do 5 gross side comba. The attention of private gentlemen is particu- larly requested to the saddlery as above. _Terms at Sale._3860 TOTS DAY. Extensive Unreserved Sale of 40 Cases superior Clothing, Woollen Punts, Hosiery, Ac. JLYONb and CO. will Eell by publio auction, o at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke Btreet, on Tuesday, 2nd inst, at twelve o'clock, 40 cásea woollen goods, including 400 pairs men's shepherd's check trouser?, gaiter bottoms and fly fronts Fancy doe trousers Superflue black doo trousers, do do Men's superior doe Bhooling coats Men's Alpaca and lustre coats Grogrumand Circassian do Silk coats Superior regatta Bhirts Men's and women'a hosiery Superior panta Lambswojl and Guernsey frocks Moleskin trousers, donble stitched and tape-seamed Terms at Sale, 3885 THIS DAY. Clearing-out Sale of Draperies. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public auction, . at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourkc strect, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, A large variety of drapery goods, consisting of- I shavvlB Bayadere robes Alpacas Silks Ticking And A variety of othor Biiperior goods. Terms ac Sale, 3885 THIS DAY. To Close Consignments, Coffin Furniture. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public auction, I o at the Now Commercial Sales Room, Bourke street, on Tuesday, 2nd inst, at twelve o'clock, An invoice of coflln furniture. _Terms at Sale,_1070 THIS DAY. Brandy, Wines, Ale. J LORIMER and CO. will sell by public auc . tlon.in their rooms, 8 and 10 Bourke-strcet west, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 210 caseB brandy 30 do sherry 100 dozen Port 24 hhds, ale Liqueura, Ac._ 234 jan 2 THIS DAY. ~ " Groceries. J LO RIMER and CO. will sell by public auc « tion, in their rooms, 8 and IO Bourke-strect west, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'oloek, SO half chests black tea 150 cases pickles G do herrings, in tins 250 do bacon 30 firkins butter 2 tons Cossipore sugar 2 do coffee, Ac. Also, 500 bushels cracked maize Riding saddles, Ac. 235 jan 2 FRIDAY, 5th JANUARY, 1S55. ~ To Hotel Keepers, Agriculturists, Speculators, and Others. J LORIMER and CO. have received positive « instructions fruin the proprietor, Mr. James Finerty, to sell by publio auction, in their rooina, 8 and 10 Bourke-street west, on Friday, 6th Janu arv, 1855, at twelve o'clock, 'The whole of his estate, with erections thereon . Bitunte near Brighton, in the parish of Moorabbin, CThuTspacious brick building, containing eight | rooms and kitchen, situated nt the Junction of the Two Main Roads, , called the Arthur's Seat and Patterson'a Roads, and known as The Dublin Hotel, Together with . w . " , i All the out-offlcea, consisting oí an cight-stalled stable, coacli-houfe, hay-loft, und other offices', ' A large water reservoir lins been dug and built The whole (¡round is enclosed, and can be uacd aa a garden, being about two acre-B and thirteen PCAlso about 22 acres of land, subdivided into lour A portion of the land is now in crop. The re- mainder ia a grass paddook, well wooded and watered, and the whole ia fenced in. The land fronts two nwin roads, called the Arthur's Scat Road, leading to the Heads, and Patterson's Road, lending to Gipps Land, rho soil ia a deep clay, capable ol growing the most luxuriant cropB. . The situation is healthy and beautiful, being little more than a mile from the sea beach at Brighton, and commanding the view of an exten- sive and va.-ied landscape, The Brighton Railway is expected to pass within a very short distance of it. It is close to the Catholic Chapel and Episcopal C1TUorhotclkcepcrs the great traffic on these two important roads will ever make the Dublin Hotel a favorite halting place, and asource of great pro. fit to the purchaser. To airriculturists the easy distance from town, where a ready and profitable market can ulways be had for garden produce, must be taken into ac- count in estimating the value oithis land. No reserve. Terms liberal, at Sale. Plana to be seen in Auctioneers' rooms, and par «culara of title to hu had from Mr. fll'Fijrlund, solicitor, Chancery-lane,_ 300 Jan a 'i II lb DAY House and Land, delightfully situated at St Kilda JR UMBURI and CO have received in c struction» to oiler lor public competition, on the premises, (Bituato on the road next to Ootaviua Browne ?, and m the best part oi St Kilda,) on Iuc3daj, 2nd Januar), lbo5, at elo\cn o'clock, A tastefully amngcd PIX roomed cottage and out offices, standing on land 35 icet by 08 iect Ihe cottage contains On the ground floor 4 rooms On the first floor 2 rooms Attached to the cottuee is a large kitchen and a servant's room, nid m the yaru a two stalled stable and gig house rho Cottage is built ol fiilvanised iron, and ia lined throughout with Baltic boards Inthear rangements for the ventilation pi thi3 house par ticular care has been taken to ensure coolness, and it will be found that ti e measures adopted have bl en quite successful No expense has I con spaied in rendennp it as completi as po«hiblc, ai d in finishing it in Buch a style, aa should attract the attention ol gentlemen requiring a well arranged residence Also, An allotment of Und joining the above, 39 feet frontage, with a depth ol 08 IOLI, fenced in and now laid out as a flower g irden, which IB available either for its present purpose or for a building allotment ihe above property is in the immediate neigh- borhood of ti o residences of Messrs M Culloch, M L C , T E Beaver, M L C , Bell mid Co , and has always been considered a lavorablo part of theullagooi St Kilda 1 he sale will take place on the ground, at eleven o'clock, exact time TermB Liberal 3814 THIS D~VY To Grocers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, und Others JR HftlBUR. and CO will sell by auction, « at their rooms, 11 riinders lane west, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at one o'clocl Brand), sherry, gin, Barclay's por er, Belgium hops, pepper, beef, herrings, sugar, nee Ac Together with a miscellaneous collection of mer chandisc, to close accounts Terms at bale 3304 THIS DAY Unreserved Sale oi General Ironmon.rry, limber, Household Furniture, Poultry and Pigs, GOAts, Ac , in Prnhi an P DAVIS and CO have received instructions . from Mr J l Smith to sell by auction, on his premises, Chapel street, Prahran, close to the Pralnan Hotel,on Tucsda),2nd Januar), 1855, at eleven o'clock, A huge and varied assortment ol general ironmongery Also, 2500 palings 300 doors The whole of his household furniture, compris, ing everything requisite for a lamil) 60 fowls 2 piga 2 goats The pub/ic are invited to attend, as the goods will positively be sold to the highest bidder ' 'Jenns at Sale. 377» Sales bv Auction. P THURSDAY, tth JVNUAR_, 18o5 Unrescrv ed Clearing out Sale of the remainderof the btock in fiado of the largest Paperhanger, Painter le, in Melbourne ~ DVVIb and CO have received inst-uotions . from Mr Clark painter, Ac to sell by nue tion, on his premiss Collins street east opposite the Mechanic»' Institute, on ihursday, 4»h Januar), 1*55 at tleven o'clock, Hie remainder of his well selected Stock in Trade, compris! g Paperhanging3 Plate glass Colored and ornamental gla=s Chrome ) cllow Prusaian blue Sienna Vandyke brow n Burnt lurl ey umber Vermillion bmalts Fine greens dry Largo v eigring in lolilno 2 lurge metal tanl s Ladders plankf, 4,0 And Aqumtit) of various nrliclcs 3810 ~~ TO MORROW ^0 H a ol Ale A G Al COMBE will sell by auction, in his . rooms, Collins tt oct, ne\t the Bank ol Australaoia, cn Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, 30 lihds nie lo elf se accounts _No reserve_380 TO MORKOW Itaisins A G M'COMBK will sell by auction, in hiB " rooms Collins Btrcct, next the Pank of Aus tralnsia, on Wednesday, 3rd inst, at eleven o'olock, An assortment of 1 iisms No reserve 380 IO MORROW Linen Bags Gunnies _c A G M COMB, will sell by auction, in his . room», Collina street, next the Bank ol Australasia, on Wednesday, 3rd mat, at eleven o'clock, Linen bags gunnv bapF, to _full particulars at sale_3S60 TO MORROW Joineis' louis and Ironmongery A G M Cu M BE will Bell by auction, in his . rooms, Collins street next the Bank of Aua tr lasiu, on Wednesday, 3rd inst, at eleven o'clock, A large assortment of Joinei-,'tools Ironmongery Cutlery Horse shoes, Ac _No reserve_3860 TO MORROW Hosier) MattreHses, Bed TiokingB, &,c A G M CO VI BE will 3<>11 by auction, xn bia « rooms Collins street, next the Bank of /us trala*in, ou Wednesday, 3rd inst, at eleven o'clock, C in diamond, r over, M under 2S0 1 case 250 mattress and pillow COBOS 280 1 case 200 do do 289 1 caso 300 pillow oases 293 1 case 100 do do 294 1 case 150 grey goose pillow s 1 case hosiery No reserve 3809 TO MORROW 5 Bales Grey bhetting A G M'COMBK will Bell by auction, in his rooms. Collin-, street next the Bank of Aus trnlttBia, on Wednesday Ird inst, at eleven o'clock, WM . 10 -20 pieces, 1522 yards, 40 inch grey domcB tics S 12 -20 pieces 15101 ) arila, do i 14 -20 pieces 1511 yi rds do \ 15-20 pieces 1510¡ yards do _ 20-20 pieces 1511J yards do ruU particular at Sale_3300 THIS D_Y To Mail Contractors and Buss Proprietors M CAW and ANSLOW have been instructed by Mr This Stephens to sell by public auction, at their ) ards, Bourke street, on Tuesday, 2nd inBt, at twelve o'clock, 20 single and double harneBS horses Mr Stephens's horses are so well known that there is no occasion to recommend them to the favorable notice of the public Ihoy are all tho roughl) guaranteed, and therefore well adopted to suit the requirements of any oue in want of gig or carriage horoea 38S2 ro MORROW CRITfHLl Y and BlNKb will sell by nuotion on Wednesday, 3rd inst, at two o'clock prompt, lhe remainder of the typo of the Banner Office, proviouily sold, which, if not olearod boloro that time, will be po'i tively sold for cash at tho full ol the hammer Particulars at the office of the Banner, and auctioneers', 47 Chancery lane 245 jan 3 THIS DAY WHITE! AW and C-LDFR will sell by auc tion, at their rooms corner of Elizabeth and Bourke strcetB, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, 1 acre of land, with a two roomed weather boarded house, 20 leet by 10 ieet, situated on the Sydney road, neir the Retreat Inn, Brunswick Also, at the Bame place, 1 allotment of building ground having a front age oi 40 feet to Ovens street, by a depth of 132 feet, _Tcrma at Sale_503 jan 2 riiU)__ ] In the Supreme Court of tin Colony of Victoria li la Between David O'Reill), plaintiff, and Joseph Dav ia, dofendint NOTICE is hereby given that the bheriff of the Colon) ol Victoria will cause to be Bold by public auction on the premises, situate in Brunswick about three miles irom Melbourne at the hour of one o clock in the afternoon, on Tri da), tho 10th day oi lanuiry 18J5, under the above writ All the Right title and Inteieat of the defend ant 111 and to about Half au Acre of I and, with a Brick Cottage erected thereon neal the Retreat Inn, in the County of Bourke in the Colony of Victoria, the prorcrty of the defendant, unless this execution be pieviously satisfied Tei ms-Catii on the fall of the hammer Dated the 18fh du) of December 1854 ANIHONY BRADY, Sheriff's Officer 00 jan 10 tu mis DAY. Flanagan v Jones, tailor TMCL Notice, that somo Pioperty left in oharge at Hcioi's, under a wirrant of distre-M for rent at Trancis street noir the Catholic Chapel, the same havingnot been redeemed na promised, will be Sold on luesday 2nd in st, nt twelve o'clock, at Auction Mirt.No 30 Swanston street C H HF 1ER, Bailiff, next to County Court Removed lor convenience ol Sale 298 'IO ¡MORROW bcotch Oats JM'KAY and CO will i-ell by auction, at their . room», 17 Queen streit, on Wednesday, 3rd inst, at eleven o'clock, Without reserve, 1000 bushels prime bcotohoats, in 3 bushel _b-igs_ions IO MORROW Lamps TM'KAY and CO will sell by auction, at their « rooms, 17 Queen street, on Wednesday, Jrd inst, at eleven o'clock Without reserve, About 40 handsome solar and shade lamps _with glasses complete_0i81 TUlbDAY, Util JANUARY High pressure Steam Engine To Gold Miners, Manufacturers, Engineers, and OthcrB JM'KAY and CO have received instructions < to sell by auction, at Mr Lane s y ard, corner ol 1 linders 1 me and King street, on tuesday, 0th inst, at twelve o'clock, AS ltliout reserve, A portable horizontal high pressure steam en- gine, 0 horse power, 71 indi ovUnder, boilei,12i feet long, 3 leet in dumctcr, btrol.e of piston, 20 inches with pulleys, borings, lend, bolts, iraming, force-pump, lead pipe, fly wheel, and winding apparatus complete The above will be lound very auitable for opera- tions on the gold field P PlunB at the above rooms _Terms at bale H3S0 d and b IO MURRUM GerumeJ-iu de.Cologne JM'KAY and CO will sell bv auction, nt their * rooms, 17 Queen Btreet, ou Wednesday, 3rd mat, at eleven o'clock, Without reserve 4 cases roil genuine eau de Cologne _1088 IO MORROW Butter, Marmalade, P.cklcs, Jams, Carbonate of boda, Onions, Pctatoes, Porter, bherry, Cham pagne. Ac JM'KAY and CO will sell by auction, at their * new room?, 17 Queen street, on Wednesday, did inst, at eleven o'clock, Without any leaerve 55caekscji onateofaoda IO cabes pickles, 1 dozen each loo dozen fine bcotch marmalade 2) caaes Iruman's porter, 4 dozen each 10 do Bheiry and champagne 20 firkins Gould's double roso Cork butter 3 tons onions 10 do potatoes, slightly damaged 1088 TÖ-MORROW To Ironmongers and Othcra JM'KAY and CO will sell by auction, at their e rooms, 17 Queen-stroot, on Wednesday, 3rd inst, at eleven o'clock sharp, Without any RoBen c, An invoice of ironmongery, coimsting of Rim looks, dead locks, and mortice locks Padlocks (brass and japanned), latches, _Ac Ac_1083 THIS D u T GIBBS will Boll by auction, at the roomB of . the auctioneer, 30 Swanston Btreet, on Tues- day, 2nd inBt, at twelve o'clock, A varied assortment of goode, prized under war rwf3 ol'distress No reserve, Pn yiew the morning of sale. 381 Sales by Auction, _. . .-- -. TO-MORROW. To Drapers, Clothiers, and Shopkeepers of Mel. bou.ne, Geelong, and Townships in the . ? Interior. H"_ l8 Cases Seasonable Gooda. OPKINS and BANKS ( W. D. Banks late with. Messrs. W. M. Tennent and Co.) have been favored with nstrucUona from the importer to sell by aùctioiÇat their rooms, 87 Collins-atreet west, next Messrs. D. S. Campbell and Co.'a, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, . 2 cases lidies' and children's printed de 'Jalnjiinnd regatta.dresBcs, pinaforeB, chemises, .te. 1 case lambswoal half hose, Scotch made :. white cotton hoäc, drawers, and shirts 5 do dress capa, head dresses, white and' black lace bonnets, siin-shndos. Dun- stable bonnets, women's ianoy SWÍSB trimmed rio 2 do black crape collara, embroidered,. breakfast habits, braided and laced col- lars, babis' wiappers, ladies' drawers, ehemites.petticoats.blacklaced sleeves 1 do linen cambric handkorohiefs, ladies'' and gents' 1 do gingham and -ilk umbrellas, assorted sizes 2 do Cambridge, Oxonian, fancy, re. gatta, and Tweed jean shirts 4 do trowscrs, vepts, coats and jaokcts, as- sorted, suits light Tweed, coats, vests, _and trousers 3885 TO-MORROW. ' To Haberdashers, Drapers, and Others. 1 Case Parasols, At-aorted. HOPKINS and BANKS have received instruc- tions to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 3rd Irot, p.t eli vin o'clock, 1 case containing carriage pnrasols, worked bone bandies, fancy bone, watered Bilk, glace do. Terms at Sale. 3885 TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY mid THURSDAY the 2nd, 3rd, and dtli January, 1855. Important Saló of City, Suburban, and Country Properties. CRAIG and .O'GRADY have the honor of an- ' nounoing to the public ol' Viotorin, that they will Bell by public auction, at thPir rooms, 29 Col lins-street west, on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday next, commencing each day at eleven o'clock, A quantity of oity, Buburban, and country Pro. pertiea, which will be found well worthy the at. tcntion ot freehold land societies, capitalists, spe- culators, mechanics, farmers, market gardeners, and others, and will be Bold in the following order: Tuesday, 2nd January. _ brick houses, in King-street, Mel- bourne 1 wooden house, three rooms, Quecnsberry street, North Melbourne 6 allotments, in North Melbourne, near the Benevolent Asylum 25 allotments, in the Government Town. ship of Footscray, near the Saltwater River 25 allotments, in Footscroy, adjoining the Railway Station 15 farms, 7 aerea each, near Dandenong Township Wednesday, 3rd January. 2 cottages, two rooms each, opposite the Royal George Hotel, Chapel-street, Prahran 2 valuable allotments, near the Junction Hotel, Windsor 2 twenty-acre farms, on the Ballaarat Road, about twelve miles from Mel- bourne 1 seventy-two acre farm, with ono mUe frontage to the main (three chains 1 wide) Ballaarat Road; splendid agri- cultural land 10 allotments in the Government township of Footacray, near the Railway Station and .the rivor. Thursday, 4th January. 0 acres ot land in Albion (two fenced in) with bluestone liouBe of five rooms,, five miles from town 072 acreB (in one lot), being section 27, in the parish of Derrimut, with one and a half mile frontage to the Kororoit Creek, and one mile frontago to the Ballaarat Road, and subjeot to amort gage of £3000, at the low interest of H lier cent, per annum 10 ten.acre larms in the parish of Bulla Bulla, with a frontage to the main Mount Alexander road, l8 miles from town Farm oi 60 acres on the Dandenong road, ton miles from Melbourne ; rich agri- cultural soil, and timbered, with box and gum 20 ten-aorä farms, near the Government township ol'Frankstone Craig and O'Grady, in bringing the above im. portant properties before the notice of the public, beg to state that an opportunity is now offered to the industrious larmer, market gardener, and othorB wishing to possess a freehold within an easy distance of Melbourne, at a ohenp rate and on easy terms, which may never again he met with in the colony of Victoria. And to those who may not have an opportunity of inspecting the different properties previous to sale, the auctioneers will give a true report ol' each lot previous to offering the same for Bale; and if not lound as described, the money paid, with the exrensea, will bo re- turned to each purchaser, within fourteen days from the day of tale. Titles to all the Properties Guarantcd. Terms at Sale, which will be very Liberal. Refreshments Provided Each Day. Further particulars and plans can bochad at the rooms of the auctioneers. 3352 j an 3 THURSDAY, -Hil JANUARY. A Lot ol Useful Horses. BEAR and SON have received instructions from tile breeder to offer for positive sale by auc 1 tion, at their market, on Thursday, 4th inst., An excellent lot of first-class hacks and light and heavy draught-horseB, and some serviceable unbroken stook, [fit for immediate work. _In all about 30 head._107-1 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Important to the Breeders of HorBO Stook and Others. BEAR and SON have received advices from Henry O'Brien, Esq., of Yass, to offer for positive eale, on arrival, expected in about four teen days hence, . , ,, , . The whole of bia well known and valuable stud, which comprises the best blood ever imported into these colonies. As the character of Mr. O'Brien's horses has Btood BO high in all the colonies for so many years past, it is only necessary to remark that thoy ore now forwarded to this market for unreserved sale, and purchasers desirous of treating for the whole, or any part orthe lot, will bo dealt with on reason- able terms. , ,". The lot numbers about 200 head. 1074 TO-MORROW. Splendid Broken and Unbroken Stock. BEAR and SON will sell by auotion. at their Horse Market, on Wednesday, 3rd InBt., 20 head superior upstanding broken and unbroken draught coltB, from the breeder's hands. 1080 THIS DAY. In the Supreme Court of the Colony of Viotoritt. Ft. Fa. Egan and Others v. Dickersnn. OTICE ia hereby given that the Sheriff for the Colony of Victoria will cause to bo sold, under the above writ, on the premises, situate at Rich, mond Bridge Road, near the Thatched HOUBC, on Tuesday, 2nd inat,, at twelve o'clock, at noon, All the goods of the above-named defendant, consisting of household furniture, clothes, but- tons, Ac Unless this exeoution be previously Botisfied. Terms-Cash on the iall of the hammer. ?W. II. M'MILLAN, Sheriff's Officer. Dated January 1st, 1855,_141 TO-MORROW. In the Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria. Fi. Fa. Between Cole, Bruce, and Norton, Plaintiffs, And John Whiteoak, Defendant. NOTICE is hereby given, that the Sheriff ior the Colony of Victoria, willoauso to be sold by publio auotion, at the Supremo Court Hotel, corner ol'RubBell.strcet and La'Trobo-stroet.in the I city of Melbourne, at the hour ol one o'clock in the afternoon, on wednesday, the 3rd day of Janu- ary, 1855, under the above writ, AU the right, title, and interest of the defend ant in and to the Ship or Vessel called tho MARY EMMA, now lying in ' Ilobson's Bay, together with with all her gear, standing and running rig- ging, Ac, unlcBB this exocution be previously satisllcd, Terms-Cash, on the fall cf the hammer. Dated the 28th day of December, 1854. ANTHONY BRADY, Sheriff's Officer. 380 jan 3 N TO-MORROW. In the Supreme Coui t ol the Colony ol Viotoria. Fi Fa. Between J. Fitz, Plaintiff, and J. U. Nicmann, Defendant. NOTICE ia hereby given that the Sheriff of the colony of Victoria will cause to be sold by publio auction, on the prcmiscB, 95 Stephen-street, Melbourne, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at oneo'clock p.m. Under the above writ, All the right, title, and interest oi the defendant in and to, A black dray horse A brown do A light do, suitable for saddle orharness A double.bodied phaeton, nearly new Carriage and cart harness One water-cart Three strong drays, and VariouB articles of household furniture, bedding, Ac. Unless thiB execution is previously satisfied. Terms-Cash at the fall of the hammer. C. W. Stuart, Sheriffs Officer. Dated 1st Jan , 1855. 103 jan 3 HORSES. HORSES. HORSES. EROW and CO. have lor sale, deliverable at . Keilor, 170 head oi horses, suitable for heavy draught, coaching, and Urst-claBB hacks. The above aro the progeny oi the very beBt imported horses, and have been selected from one of the moBt celebrated Btuds in the Maneroo district, and the auctioneers can confidently re- commend them to parties requiring first- class Early application is required, and approved bills at 3 and G months will be taken from parties purchasing any quantity, say ten, or more. 