NEWCASTLE. ARRIVALS. April 29.— Sistrnzione (Italian barque}, 238 tons, Captain Gorzolo, from Melbourne. April 29.— Anne and Jane, barque, 301 tons, Captain Smith,, from Melbourne. April 29.— Fanny A. Ganegues, brig, 189 tons, Captain -- from Geelong. April 29.— Balmoral, schooner, 130 tons, Captain King, from Hobart Town. April 29.— Gazelle, schooner, 120 tons. Captain --- , from, Geelong. April 29.— Jessie, schooner, 113 tons, Captain Addams, from Geelong. Aprii 30.— Peri, brig, from Hobart Town. April 80.— Sebian, schooner, from Melbourne. April 30.— juanaxneresa, scuooner, from Melbourne. May 1.— Cynthia, barque, Captain M'Leod, from Melbourne. May 1.— Missia, brig, from Melbourne. SEPABTUBES. April 29.— Indus, barque, 368 tons, Captain Poole, for Mel bourne, with 504 tons coal. April 29.— Gratia, brig, 189 tons, Captain Robertson, for Sydney. COASTERS INWARDS. May 1.— Dart, and Eliza Harriet Simpson, from Sydney. MORETON BAY. ARRtVALS. April 23— Waratah (s.), from Sydney. April 24.— City of Melbourne (s.), from Wide Bay. May 3.— John Davis, from Liverpool, 113 days, with 400 emi grants ; Palermo, Raven, and Sarah Ann, from Sydney. MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS. April 24.— Champion (s,), from Portland ; Cyclone, from New castle ; Havilah (s.), from Adelaide. April 25.— Dart, Yarra Yarra (s.), and Maria, from Sydney; Fame, Janet, and Anna Maria, from Newcastle ; Black Swan (s.), and Adolphus Yates, from Launceston ; Tubal Cain, from Val paraiso; Cambridge, from Liverpool; Jack, from Port Eliza; Toroa, from Warrnambool ; Morning Star, from Western Port ; Gipsy Queen, from London ; Eastern State, from New York, April 26.— Lady Bird, from Launceston ; Apparition, from New castle ; Storm Cloud, from St. John's (New Brunswick) ; Mel pomene, from London ; Ellen (Danish), from Valparaiso; Albion, from Newcastle. April 27.— City of Sydney (s.), from Sydney ; Olivier Von Noerd, from London ; Wanderer, from Newcastle ; Pacifico, from Mauritius via Swan River. April 27. -Pacifico, from Mauritius. April 28.— Monarch, and Margaret, from Sydney. April 29.— Goldseeker, Don Pedro II. and Picard, from Hobart Town ; Kate Hastings, from Boston ; Nonpareil, and White Swan, from Adelaide ; Petronila, from St. John, N. B. ; Little Pet, from Newcastle, N. S. W. ; Queen of the Mes, from Launceston ; Wan derer, Telegraph (s.), Victoria Packet, and Fawn, from Sydney; William Cole, from Callao ; Marchioness, from Nelson ; Napoleon III., from Glasgow ; Minnet, from Sweden. April 30. — Callendar, from Sydney; Maria, from Valparaiso; Miami, from Newcastle ; Australia, from Liverpool ; Aldeberon, from Liverpool. DEPARTURES. April 24.— Oberon (s.), for Port Albert ; City of Hobart (s.), for Hobart Town. April 25.— City of Sydney, for Launceston ; Kate Hooper, for Guam ; General Jesup, for Calcutta ; Mooresfort, for Callao : Pearl, for Port Fairy. April 27.— Tarquinia, for San Francisco ; Clipper, for Adelaide. April 30.— Nation, for Newcastle; Tarquinia, for San Fran Cisco. '* — ~ , ,_? .:., .-.,.: ? CIvEAaANOES- ? jlLmi 94 — Villaec Belle, for.'NewcftBtift. *Sril 85*— CtarteK tor Oallao ; , Frederick, for Bombay. 5SSi'26.r^p3»ce.1O«car, for Guam.; Annie, for Hongkong^ Wmnion.for ManrUioe. -1 ; . ? ?*n«H 17 — FlaaSu At Sydney. '? ^Pj^38,Us8^elie,MdGem,forNrvFcaBtle; Monteznma, for flydney. ? , ' K-BT PHILLIP HEADS. . ARRIVALS. , ? Anril 26— Yarra, ftom London, for Geelong; Epsom, from liTeipwl. with 858 immigrants, 'for Geelong. GEELONG. ARRIVALS. , April 23.— Northumberland, from London ; Martha, Raven, and ' Maypo, fromvNewiartle. j £?£& 35.— Dart, from 'Hobar t Town. i ; xiwil 26.— Koyel Shepherd. (fc,)- from Launceston; Cecrope, i ijjj, Liverpool ; Excelsior, from London ; Imperial, from I * AwU27 — Epsomi from Liverpool ; Yarra, from London. I Auril 30.— Mary Ann,.from Newcastle. I AS CLEARANCES. I Anril 24.— Pirate {s.),for Launeeston. I April 26.— Hindoo, for Batavia. I HOBART TOWN. I .. . ARRIVALS. I Aeril 18.— Lion, from Newcastle. I Apia 19.— Mermaid, from Adelaide ; Prince Regent, from I tjufiiit.-- AciB, from Talcahuana, 1 Anril 28.— Zeepard, from London. I r . CLEARANCES. 1 Aoril ^.—Isabella, for Valparaiso. 1 »«tii 20.— Peri, ? for Newcastle. I April 21.— Cosmopolite, for ffwofold Bay. 1 LASINCESrON. I ' ARRIVAL. S I April W.-Queen of the Isles, Macelesfield, Hargraves, and I iBleek Swan (s ), from Melbourne. ? I AUril 2?.— Royal Shepherd (s. ), from Geelong. April 2S.— Lady Bird (s.). from Melbourne. 7 CLEARANCE. AptU 20.— Raleigh, for CftUao. ADELAIDE. ARRIVALS. April 20.— Henrietta, for Liverpool. Anril 21.— Charles Ker r, from Cardiff. CLEARED OtIT. April 21.— Jannet, for Sydney. I AUOKLaND. i . ARRIVALS. I April 19.— Elizabeth Ann, and Comet, from Sydney ; Caroline, I '^pAETOEE^AprilW.-Ocean, for Melbourne. I Vessels itt hatboar. Pore of Auckland.— Elisabeth Ann, Comet, 1 ,feim Heather Bell, and Galatea from Sydney; Daniel 'Webster, 1 Jom Hobart Town ; Mary Nicholson, aboat to eail for Ban l franciBCO. ? I BATAVIA. lj ARRIVALS. I January IS.-Estafette, from Sydney. ,-t January 17.— Johanna Maria, from Sydney. i Jannary 18 -Kinderijk, from Sydney. S January 3O.-Claudiws Civilus, from Sydney. 4 January 3l.-Cornelius Houtman, from Sydney. I ? February 9.-Ardjoeno, from Sidney. , 1 WRECK OF THE MARTHA AND ELIZABETH. I The following are the particulars of the Iosb of this vessel. She I sailed from Melbonrne bound for Newcastle: I «ApVn-the 26th.-At 5-30 p.m., sighted Cape St. George, 1 beariajtN.^E., the wind variable from S.S.E.,with rain and I tSweather, steered N.E. by N. At 7-30 p.m., md very I variable, with heavy showers of rain, and the current setting very I Sbmgfo the southward. About « p.m., finding the current I setting the vessel down upon Point Perpendicular, tacked to the S MUthward, About 8-40 p.m., finding the schooner would not I fetch the South Head of Jervis's Bay, on the port tack, tacked to 1 theN.E. At 8-SO p.m., a calm ; the vessel setting u fast to the 1 leakers with a heavy swell from the eastward. At about 9 p.m., ? fining the vessel close to the cliff, with no possibility of saving 1 her, cleared away and launched the boat ; but owing to the heavy il srotrad swell the boat filled and parted from the ship with one ? land, Robert Jellicar in her, but he fortunately caught a rope s H end aft, and was saved by hauling him over the stern. About M S-SOp.m., as the vessel came 6tern on, the main boom stxucK the ? cliff and she parted amidships. The vessel payed round to star S§ hoard, and -was driven into a gully in the cliff just large enough m to admit her lengthways, and about 10 feet from the line of the 9 ^mot. TJoon entering, the vessel struck instantly abaft, the sea I breaking furiously over her. Finding she could not last many I minutes we endeavoured to get a line ashore by means of a small I grapltag; findingthe grapling would not hook the rocks, oneof the 1 hands, R. Jellicar, got footing by Bwimminjr from the stern, while 1 another, John Rogers, jumped from the bowsprit, -which WBtantly 1 afterwards parted from the vessel. The remaining handB, with the captain's -wife and siBter, were slnng and hauled ashore from the bows by those ashore and the captain, who was the last to ieave the vessel. The crew, and the captain's wife and sister had searcely any clothing, and not a shoe to their feet; and we had scarcely secured a footing on the slippery rock ere the vessel broke up, and was, at 11 o clock, in small pieces. After some search in the dark, found a sm&Uledge; in the rocks where we all assembled far the night, which was intensely cold, with a strong easterly wind and inces sant rain through the night, which was one of the most dreary we ever experienced. At daylight the following morning (the 27th instant) there was not a vestige of her but was in small pieces, ana nothing to be saved. After ascending the rocks with greet difficult, proceeded through high scrub trees in some places, while in otherB up to our -waists in swamps, towards Sh.oaVb.ayen, and having no shoes, with scarcely any clothing, made the task most painful. After walking about 18 miles, had the good fortune to fall in with Mr. Kingdom's station, where we were moBt ; kindly received by that worthy man. After remaining there for the night, proceeded to Shoalhaven, where we were heartily made I welcome by Captain Noel, of the steamer Nora Creina, and re I ceived from him a passage from thence to Sydney, at which place I we arrived at about midnight of the 30th instant, notonly grateful § for our lives, but to those from whom we have received so much I kindness, 1 The Retriever, from Port Cooper, reports the arrival on the 10th I April, of the William Hyde, from Hobart Town; also, that the I Mountain Maid sailed from Sydney via Nelson, on the 1st Apnl. 1 The steamer William, from Plymouth for Sydney, Mas spoken by 1 Captain Ross, of the Eastern State, on the 3rd of M*rch, m lat. I 22-13 S., Ion. 31-24 VT.—Argus, April 27. I The Cambridge reports having spoken off Cape de Verd Islands, I the barque War Oak, from London to this port. The former ship I was surrounded by upwards of fifty immense blocks of ice, many I of them 200 feet in height. This -was in lat. 43 6., Ion. 16* W., but 1 fortunately the vessel escaped without receiving any damage.— I Argus, April 26. We have had four arrivals from the adjacent colonies since our last, viz, George, Elizabeth Ann, and Comet, -from Sydney, and the Caroline from Melbourne, These vessels nave all experienced bud weather, with strong gales from the eastward. The Elizabeth Asa has been 27 days on the passage; she has lost part of her bulwarks, -split her inairieail,' and carried away her bobatays, the bolts having drawn. The Comet is 28 days out ; the first 14 days ?were occupied in getting clear of the coast of New Holland. Out of 200 sheep shipped Bhe has lost 60 on the passage down. The George is 80 days out, having had easterly winds to contend against the whole passage. The Caroline is 27 days from Mel bourne; she sp»ke the Amherst, from Melbourne, bound to Port Cooper, or the 24th March, 56 miles east of Kent's Group, B«bb' Straits ; has had 20 days' foul winds during the pass' ge.— Southern Cross, April 20. The Auce Matjd.— For years there seems to have been a sort of stereotyped economy shown in the management of sailing vessels, the present arrangements being generally carried cut by those now employed in this service on the same principles as those adopted by their fathers and their grandfathers before them ; and it is quite refreshing at lost to hare to chronicle an invention of vast importance -which has at length found its way to Geelong. The Alice Maud is the first vessel that has entered this port in -which the top-sails are reefed by patent machinery, which renders it unnecessary for the seamen to be sent aloft, and merely' require that the halyards be let go. when of themselves they instantly wind up like a blind. In order that we may not be charged with raising a curiosity -without affording the means of gratifying it, we beg to state for the information of those who are interested in nautical matters that an opportunity will this morning, at eleven o'clock, be afforded on board for the inspection of this most ingenious contrivance. But our report does not end - here. There has been such a praiseworthy earnestness in the attempt to forward the interests of the owners of goods shipped on board this vessel, which only came up to the wharf on Thursday last, the 19th instant, and commenced discharging on Friday morning, that about five hundred tons of cargo have been landed in five1 working days ; and this morning fifty tons of ballast having been taken on board, she is now nearly ready for sea again ! This vessel -was to have dischaaged her cargo at Point Henry, and by coming up to the Moorabool Wharf a saving of sis to eight shillings per ton has been saved to the consignees, and their goods are delivered also in a better condi tion than they could otherwise have been. Let the slow coaches think of this, who have taken almost as many weeks to perform the amount of duty here involved, as Captain Winn has succeded in accomplishing in six dayB ; and when they have thoroughly weighed the matter, and seen wbat can now be done at this port, let them go and strive to do likewise \— Geelong Advertiser, 27th April. Captain Williams, of the Olivia, exchanged signals on the 4th February, with the barque Pauline, from London to Port Phillip, lat. 20*5 N., Ion. 21-22 W. On the 9th, signalled the barque Sylph, from Glasgow to Batavia ; and oh the 10th of April, in lat. 39' S., Ion. 137* E., he spoke the ship Ivanhoe, bound to Calcutta, all welL Captain Williams fell in with large icebergs on the 14th April, in lat. 42-36 S., Ion. 11-43 W., steering S.E. Others were also seen in 1 30- E. He advises masters of vessels to keep a good look out as far north as 42- He fell in with a heavy gale on the 30th March, succeeded by calms and eudden gusts or whirlwinds, the barometer being down to 28-80, the wind increasing, the Bea running very high, but the weather clear. The barometer fell to 27-90 when the wind veered round The only damage sustained by the ship was the carrying away the water-casks and breaking in the ship's bulwarks.— Ar gus, April 27. The Maid of the Yarra, a very compact and neat screw steam vessel, made a trial trip in the Bay yesterday. In consequence of the temporary depression of the coasting trade, she is intended to be placed in the Bay as a lighter, and as she has a spacious hold, and is provided with very good machinery, there can be no doubt but that the agents of the numerous vessels will gladly avail themselves of the services of such a steamer for the purpose of facilitating the delivery of any cargo consigned to this port. The Maid of the Yarra is the property of Mr. G. P. Ball, a gentleman -very well known in these colonies, and the -vessel is placed under the agency of his son, Mr. Ball, junior.— Argus, April 25. The Commander of the Gipsey Queen, Captain Barras, spoke the ship St. Lewis, of Boston, from Geelong to Calcutta, on the 20th of April, iu lat. 38-46 S., Ion. 140 E. out eight days.— Argus, April 27. The Ocean Queen, from New York to Sydney, was spoken on the 25th January, in lat. 38-, Ion. 69. The Aphrodite (one of the Excelsior line,) and the Tar, were loading at New York for Mel bourne, on the 3rd February. The latter vessel was nearly ready or sea.— Argus, April 27. The captain of the barque Melpomene, from London, reports having spoken and sighted the following vessels on his passage out to this port :— January 17th, the ship Sebastopol, from Liver pool to Melbourne, in latitude 38-36 N., longitude 18-19 W., ten days out. Oa the 18';h, the ship Australia, from Liverpool to Port Phillip, latitude 37-1 N., longitude 18-55 W., fourteen days out. On the 19th, the ship John Davis, from Liverpool to Moreton Bay, latitude 3516 N., longitude 19-43 W., fourteen days out. On the 1st of February, the barque Philip Lamg, from London to Hobart Town, latitude 20- N., longitude 24-47 W., out thirty-three days. On the 2nd, the barqne Blanch, from Queens town to this port, latitude 17-30 N., longitude 25-33 W., thirty one days out. Oa the same day, Penelope barque, from London to Port Phillip, latitude 17*30 N., longitude 25-33 W., thirty-five days out. Ou the 4th, the barque Aldebarhan, from London to Port Phillip, fifty-three days out; and on the 6tb, the barque Amarantha, from Glasgow to Sydney, latitude 37* S., longitude 7-50 W., out sixty-five days.— Argus, April 28. Loss of the Spy— The schooner Annie, from the west coa3t, Macquarie Harbour, and Port Davey, Smith, with a cargo of sawn pine, arrived on Saturday, bringing up the master and four of the crew of the schooner Spy, which was wrecked in coming out of the Pieman's River. : They arrived at Port Dayey on the 16th instant, in a state of great exhaustion, having been 19 days travelling overland. Their only subsistence during that period was part of a bag of potatoes, which was the sole article they could procure from the wreck, and the few shellfish which they picked up on the beaches. They were obliged on their ?way to Port Davey, to ford several rivers, in crossing one of which a boy named Witton was unfortunately drowned. Same of the poor fellows had even left without shoes, and none of them had any clothing except what they had on at the time of leaving the wreck, when the vessel west on shore, which were completely torn to tatters from struggling through the scrub. . They pre sented a most miserable appearance, being lacerated and bruised by frequent falls over the rocks. When they arrived at Port Davey they were in the last stage of exhaustion, having to tally consumed their scanty supply.— Eobart Town Courier, The Burra Burra, steamer, arrived at Adelaide on the 25th April, under the command of Captain Roskell, formerly of the Asia. She is intended to run between Adelaide and this port.— The'ship Guiding Star, bound to this port from Liverpool, was spoken by Captain Hall, ©f the V. S. ship Kate Hastings, on the 9th of February, iu lat. 10- S., long. 30- W.— Argus. The Tornado was to sail from Glaegow for Melbourne on the 12th of February.— Argus. The Blackwall, ship, from Port Phillip to London, was seen by the captain of the Petronilla, on the 23rd of February, in lat. 12-51 S.. long. 21-42 W.—Arpus. .... Kew Lighthouse.— We are informed that the much- deBired lighthouse at Cape Northumberland, will probably be established before long, as we believe the neoeseity of its erection will shortly be submitted to the Trinity Board, with a view to a sufilcient sum for the purpose being placed upon the Estimates of the Legis lative Council.— Adelaide Times. The celebrated clipper Red Jacket takes home*b*larg«st,fretgb.t listj,1 See., webelieve, of any ship that ever left this country, having 188,000 tunoes of gold, about fifteen hundred, bales of wool and rags, and considerable, quantities of other . merchandise {-besides which she has about 26 cabin passengers,48 second cabin, and upward* of 200 steerage passengers. She ship is completely full in every respect. The principal pwtion : of the wool came round from the neighbouring ports, aniwlU.be forwarded by rail on arrival of the sh^ at Liverpool to London. The gross earnings of this ship are about ^12,(00, which will encourage the enter prising owners to continue the trade. With, the exception t-f the Eagle Ie September, 1652, and the Roxburgh. Castle in November of the same year, the Red Jacket has the largest .amount of gold or any Bailing vessel that has left this port. The agents having advertised to take nuggets over 40lbs ftee of freight, two have appeared above that weight, one weighing 431bs. and one 471bs. The lucky poeueesers of the large one go home in the vessel. Two-thirdsof the pa««eneers,areeuceep6ful miners; .sonw-f whom go home with the intention of returning in the ship .with their friends. It is a cheering thing to see eo many patsesgers taking home gold with them,— bills of lading for passengers' gold having been signed to the extent of 10,000 ounces. There are on board three very curious specimens of gold, found in the same hole, viz., two resembling oysters, and another shaped like an oyBter-knife. — Argus. The Homeward Voyage of the Calcutta.. — The Calcutta (s.)# sailed from Port Phillip to Southampton, by the Cape Horn route, on the 12th November, and arrived at her deetinatioB on the 29th January.^ She proceeded through Bank.s Strata, with head wind* prevailing till tbe 24th Nov. Ob the 28th she was in latitude 58'8., longitude J 52 W;, when icebergs were seen at no great distance, the weather being exceedingly thick and foggy, with' light northerly winds and smooth water. The number of these masses ofice increased rapidly, and from the 1st of Decem ber for ten successive days and nights the Calcutta passed through a distance of 2000 miles in which these 'drifting iBlandB of ice were constantly in sight. Some of them were of enormoue, tlm, pre senting sharp pointed summits or square cliff-like faces of more than 200 feet perpendicular height. The weather was thick and foggy during this part of the passage, and the ship's speed was frequently reduced, with occasional stoppages, to avoid contact with these dangerous masses. Till clear of the ice the anxiety of the commander and officers was very great, and the necessity for extreme caution urgent. But when the atmosphere was free from fogs and miBt, the nights were very light, little less so than the days; even at midnight there was no darkness ; the winds, also, were fortunately very, moderate throughout this part of the course, and though the voyage was thus somewhat prolonged, its danger was much diminished. In 61* S. the lowest range of the thermometer wsb 35* ; the lowest range of tae barometer 28-9 ; of the sympiesometer, 29-04 ; winds, at this time fresh and far northerly. The Calcutta rounded Cape Horn on the Uth of December, the 29th day at sea. During that twenty-four hours she ran adist&noeof; 308 miles under canvas alone. After rounding the Cape she experienced If.W. and N.E. . winds till near the line, when the wind, having been exceedingly light all through the region of the S.E. trade, veered to the E.8.E , and enabled her to make the easting desirable for -teaching the Cape Verde Islands* She arrived at St. Vincent at midnight of the 12th of January ; coaled and left on the 15th, proceeding to the N.E., against light N.E, winds.— Argns. The New Sionais at Poet Adelaide.— We nnaerstand that in consequence of the numerous mistakes into which the public have bees led by the recent changes in the code of signals need, at the flagstaff, it is the intention of the Harbour. Master to return — except in one slieht respect— to the code that was in use . previous to . the alteration. There appears but little doubt that the change referred to would have been. an advantageous one, if it had beeusufficientlylOTgin use for the public to become accustomed to it; but so frequent were the complaints of those who would not take the trouble to understand its advantages, that Captain Douglas 1b induced, against his inclination, to Teturn to the plan established under the old regime.— Adelaide Times. Guichen Bay,— Perhaps but few of the residents of this town are aware of the increasing trade carried on at Guichen Bay, . which threatens to become a rival to this port. In the season just ended there have been eight ships, as we are informed, des patched direct home with full cargoes from that bay. By far the greater part of the wool that has been shipped there, from Mos- - quito Plains, would have come t» Portland' and swelled the amount of its exports, but for the opportunity afforded of ship ping so much nearer at Guichen Bay. An instance of private en terprise at that ruing port is worthy of mentioa. The want of a jetty was much felt, and the Government of South Australia, in the spirit of the same policy towards Guichen Bay with which the Government of Victoria have acted towards Portland, were moved so far as to vote money for the jetty and smile promises upon the applicants ; but they neither fulfilled the one nor ap propriated the other. They raised the expectations of the in habitants, but not the jetty. At last the enterprising merchant there, Mr. Ormrod, treating Government promises as they de served, resolved to have the jetty in spite of official faithlessness. He applied for and purchased land down the bay, and has actually erected a jetty at his own cast. The structure was finished very recently. It is gratifying to learn that Mr. Ormrod finds he will soon recover this outlay In the amount of wages he saves by not requiring so extensive a boat traffic as when goods had to be landed or shipped by boats having to pall right on the bench. — Portland Guurdian, April 19. Appointment of Pilot.— His Excellency the Governor-General has directed it to be notified, that Mr. Thomas Robinson, has been appointed a Pilot for the Port of Moreton Bay. 