SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE, ARRIVALS. May 14. Boomerang, steamer, 360 tons, O'Reilly, from Sydney,10th inst. Passengers- .Hon. L. Hope, Mr. Massie, Mr. Dalton, Mr. F. R. C. Master, Mr. B.Bowerman, Mr. Broughton, Mr. Witt, and forty two in the steerage. DEPARTURES May 16, Raven, brigantine, 150 tons, Brown, for Sydney. May 17. Waratah Steamer, 350 tons, Warner, for Sydney. Passengers-Mr. Jackson, Miss M'Nab, Mr. Mort, and five in the stee- rage. " 18. Boomarang, steamer, 360 tons, O'Reilly, for Sydney. Passengers-Mr. H. Buck ley, Miss Boyd, Mr. Bowman, Mrs. Pal mer, Mr. Brewster, and one in the stee rage. May 18. Gazehound, barque, 375 tons, Allison, for London, Passengers-Mr. A. Raff Miss Raff, Master Raff, and five in the steerage. IMPORT. ? Doomer.uig.- 8 pltgea, Alford; 191 do, N. Bart i Uy ; 1 d'i, Cairncross ; 4 do, Campbell j 16 do, I?') Pam & Co. ; 1 do, Levy ; 1 do. Lloyd j 7 do, M'Clare.i ; 7 do,.Markwell ; 6 do, M'Adàra; 1 <1», . Mason ; 4 do, Macdougall ¡.>3 do, Musters ; 83 do. xs'utt & Co. ; 40 do, Rundle & Co. ; 1 do, Roberts; 1 d\ simpson ; 2 do, Ferritcr ; 1 . do, Peterson ; 101 do, Jons* ;2 do. Bigott & Parkes ; 3 do, Lei- ter ; 1 do, Panton & Co. ; 2 do, Wagner : 5 do, Pettigrew¡ 1 do, Brown; 1 do, Sutton; 22 do, l]o\\\ man ; 6 d >, Southorden ; 2 do, Scan lan ; 1 du, '] rundle & Son ; 13 do, Warry ; 4 do, Wal- lace ; 3 do, Fraser ; 1 do, Kilner ; 3do, Chaliinor ; . )* do, Wi.iship; 6 do, Fleming; I do, Gill; 1 do, Maher; 3 do, Buckley ; 16 do, M'Intyre ; 15 do, Soutbernden ; 1 do, G. H. Wilson A Co. ; 2 do, Tidwell A Wilson ; 1 do, Mercer; 8 do, Marshall; * 3 do, Russell ; 1 do, Bank of Australasia ; 1 do, . O'Cock ; 1 do, Craies; I do, G ¡zoll; I do, M-Cnbo; 3 do, C. Mason ; 1 do, Iradii. ISXPOltl'S. R.tven : l61 oks tallow, A H ; 86 do, J to A B ; . 78 billa skiai, Traill ; 5 bli, Warry. Waratah : 1 bx, 1 cse, Peterson ; 1 esk, 5 do . pines, Wagner ; 1 esc, Cairncross ; 2 do, Housman ; 25 csks tallow. Mort & Laidley ; 7 bdles skins, 8 csks tallow, Panton A Co ; 3 trunks, Goodfellow ;] 4 didos, 1 bdle skins, Lucas ; 1 eht, 5 esos, 1 bale, 1 gig, Mort ; 1 pkge tresl, Hockinga ; 1 bunch ?bananas, Peterson ; 3 oses, Hanran ; 1 pel, Bank. Boomerang ; 2 eses, Jono3 ; 4 eses, 2 csks pines. Rode ; 1 pel, Cooling ; 1 do, Costin ; 11 dsks tal- low, Mort & Laidley ; 1 truss, Lazarus. Gazehonnd: 110 cks tallow, 370 bds, 38 bis wool, Panton & Co.; 97 h J», Hodgson; 48 cks tnlljw, 182 bds, 20 bh wool, Goggs ; 96 Ma WHO!, N. te Z. Biggo ; 64 bis wool,-Montefiore, Graham is Co. ; 20 do, Smith, Campbell, & Co. ; 50 do, / ÎI. Mackay 40, Gore, Brother* : 33 do, R. Towns ti Co. ; 5 do, Rundle Dangur, A Co. ; 125 do, J. and A. Bell ; 10 do, Coxen ; 14 do,' Atkins and Stevens ; 33 do, V. A. Forbes ; 1 cse, Crossland ; 230 bis wool; 2218 ft cedar, 3650 horns, 3 tons bones and hoofs, 2 (Mes books, G. Raff & Co. Re- capitulation : 870 bles wool, l63 cks tallow, 547 hides, 3 tuns bones & hoofs, 3650 horn», 2218 ft cedar, 2 eses. BREACH OF THE PASSENGERS ACT. On Tuesday last William Geary, an immigrant by the ship John Davis, appeared before James Leith Hay and Henry Backley, Esqrs., at the Brisbane Police Office, to answer the information and complaint of William Augustine Duncan, a Comptroller of Customs at the Port of Moreton Bay, for that he, the said William Geary, being a passenger by the ship John Davis from Liverpool to Moreton Bay, did, on the high seas, at sundry times during the said voyage, namely in the months of February, March, and April, in the year 1855, obstruct the Medical Practitioner and Master of the said ship in the execution of their duty, behaving in a riotous and disorderly man- ner, contrary to the 56th section of the Passengers Act, 15th and 16th Victoria, cap. 44. " The complainant conducted his case in person. Mr. Roberts appeared for the defence, and made two objections to the information - 1st, as con- taining more than one offence; 2ndly, that it should have been laid by the Immigration Agent. The complainant, however, stated that he was Immigration Officer under the statute, and both objections were over-ruled. Mr. Roberts wished to know if the Bench would confine the complain- ant to a week's or a day's offences ; but their worships decided that they would take evidence upon the information as it stood. Richard Hughes, master of the John Davis, deposed that the defendant was in the habit dur- ing the voyage of going down to the single men and "lecturing them," and that on one occasion wit- ness ordered him away, when he replied ''No— - there's an answer for you." Witness went to the Surgeon Superintendent, who was unwell, and he requested witness to take two constables and turn Geary out from the single men's place, which he did. On another occasion witness took off from the mast a notice posted there, in the following words :- JOHN DAVIS. We the passengers of the above named ship, with all due respect to the Master and Superintendent Surgeon, beg leave to inform them that care is an article of our faith, that caution is another, and that determination is another; and we firmly believe that if our works are in accordance with our faith, we shall better our own con- dition, and not, as was intended, be a disgrace to our fellow-workmen in the colonies of Australia. One witness further deposed that Geary was in the habit of haranguing the passengers about "their rights," and creating disturbances, and that for the last three months his conduct has been riotous and disorderly. James John Evans, Surgeon Superintendent of the John Davis, deposed that the conduct of the defendant waa disorderly on board ; that he har- angued the passengers about " their rights" stated that they were entitled to porter three times a week, demanded the Surgeon's private instructions, and summoned him before the heads of the messes. He had also written a threatening letter to witness. Defendant was at one time provision constable, but was dismissed from the post. He had complained of the butter being short, but it was plentiful up to the time when he was so troublesome. William Cowan, Alexander Porteus, John Fer- gusson, and Michael McMahon, passengers by the John Davis, were called and examined by the complainant. The general tendency of their evi- dence was to show that the defendent had been somewhat of on agitator on board ; that he had warned the immigrants of an intention to make them engage in service with or without their con- sent ; that he had used provoking language to the Captain, and that he had stirred up the passen- gers to sign a paper demanding tobacco and por- ter. The witnesses were cross-examined at some length by defendants solicitor. For the defence Peter Tebbs, Phillip Mallon, Thomas Birkett, Philip Marshall, John Green, and Charles Cross, were examined. Their evi- dence went to show that Geary was fond of stand- ing up for " their rights," but that he was not disorderly, and never advocated physical force. The complainant cross-examined these witnesses. The Bench held the charges to be proven, and adjudged defendant to pay a fine of £1 and costs, and to be imprisoned for seven days; and in de- fault of paying the fine and costs, to be further imprisoned for fourteen days. The costs and fine amount to £5 8s 3d. This is the first case under the 56th clause of the Passengers Act that has been tried at More- ton Bay. The schooner Vanquish was at the river bar yes terday. The Francis Henry spoke the Royal Mail Ship Boomerang, in latitude 7, north, out 23 days. The William Miskin arrived in Sydney on the 5th instant. The Vanquish cleared out at Sydney for this port on the 9th instant. The Gazehound got clear over the bar on Wed- nesday, having her full cargo and water on board for London, and cleared at the Customs yesterday. She drawes ten feet two inches. The Captain is confident of making a quick passage. BREACH OF POSTAGE ACT.-Before the Water Police Magistrate. Mr. K. C. Weekes, Isaac J. Warner, master of the Waratah, appeared upon summons, to answer the information of the Post- master-General, charging him with not having used due diligence for the delivery of 175 letters at Brisbane. They were placed on board his ship on the 2nd March, and conveyed to Brisbane, there to be deliverd ; but they were brought back to Sydney. The Crown Solicitor appeared for the prosecution. He stated there was no wish to press for the full penalty ; defendant had generally been punctual in the delivery of the mails ; and in this instance he understood a letter bag had been overlooked in consequence of the malignity of the steward, with whom the captain had quarrelled. Defendant pleaded guilty. Fined £10; profes- sional costs, £2 2d: costs of court, 5s 8d. ; in default of payment, a distress warrant to be issued ; if not sufficient distress, one mouth in gaol. A second complaint was the preferred against the defendant in the above case, by virtue of information filed by the Postmaster-General, charging him with having detained on board the Waratah, after his arrival in this harbour from Brisbane, 493 letters and 169 newspapers, for one day-from the 2nd to the 3rd instant. Defendant also pleaded guilty to this charge, and repeated that he believed he was a victim to the malignity of the steward. Fined £6 3s. 3d., one guinea professional costs, and £6 3s. 6d. costs of court : in default of payment, distress warrant to be issued; if not sufficient dutress, one month's gaol.-S. M. Herald. CARDINAL WISEMAN IN DANGER.-Cardinal Wise- man arrived at Paris on Wednesday week, on his way from Rome to London. In his voyage from Civita Vecchia to Marseilles the Cardinal and the whole of his fellow-passengers had a very narrow -indeed, an almost miraculous escape-from be- ing lost. When off the Island of Hyeres, the pas- sengers were startled, about two in the morning by a fearful crash, of such violence that it appeared as if the ship was at one going to pieces. It was evident that either the ship had run aground or that a collision had taken place. The passengers, who were all in bed, immediately rushed upon deck, when it was discovered that the vessol had come into collision with a large sailing-vessel, with which she was still in contact, the anchor of the vessel having got fixed in the bows of the steamer. A short period of painful suspense en- sued. The starboard bow of the steamer bad been stove in, the whole of the bulwarks and the pad- dle-box were destroyed, and for a moment it was thought that the vessel was sinking. On trying the pumps, however, it was found that the leakage was not so great that it could not be kept down. The other ship had also suffered, but not so much as the steamer. After getting rid of the wreck, the engineers set about repairing the damage done to the engines, and in four hours were able to set one to work, which brought the vessel into Marseilles in the course of the day. Fortunately, the weather was very fine, or a great loss of life might have been the consequence, for the vessel, was in a very crippled state, and the boats would not have contained one-fourth of the passengers. The accident wes owing to the carelessness of the Italian officer of the watch, who had neglected to place a watch at the bow of the steamer. THE BALTIC.-KIEL, JAN. 22.-This bay is now entirely covered with ice, and the navigation is therefore completely closed. By great exertion the Danish steampacket with the mails for Copen- hagen, the Islands, and Sweden, managed to get out on the 18th, since which time it has been quite impossible to force a passage. Outside the bay there is still open water, but if the frost should continue, of which, at present, there is every indication, that cannot long be the case. 