SHIPS' MAILS. Cnouxn AT TUR OKNEIIAI. PO»T Orrie*. Far-Batavia.-]Vy tho Colurnbjne.íhis da;, at noon, if not andar woicU. Foc'Port Cooper.-By tho Orntttudo, thia day, at noon, if not under .weigh. For Wanganui.-By tba Rosebud, tbis day,at noon, If not uuder weigh, For Wnllliigtort.-Ey the Cheetah, this day, at noon, If not under weigh. For Tahiti.-By thoíloloise. this day,«t noon. For SídHiúunio.-Hy »the Telegraph, atonuer, on Thursday, at ll O.XO. For Otago.-By tho fla-elle, thia day,.at noon. For AaeWand.-Dy tb« William Donny.-t.lils day, at < p.m. For Landon-n-fly the- Vimeira, this evening*, at 0. For Murutuo JJay.-J)y the boomerang, to-morrow, at a JO p.m. Cus-role Horst:.-Entorod Outwards : DeecniberSS.-Waterloo, ship, HOM loos. Swainson, for London. Tho Jane, linspatqh.ond .Amalia Breillat bri o ff no report. The John Una yan luis "iad a long passage pf 1.1H days from the Downs, and ios .spoken no vessel connected with the colonies. She is very deeply laden, ami hes encountered a great deni of head wi nus owl liad weather, ehe-brings ailerue quantity of commissariat «turua,-consisting pf shot, pmvder,Jliell3, and oilier munition** of war. The Telegraph, steamer, arrived from Melbourne at 0 p.m. vestenlav, after »u PKoeUent run of 40J hours, hosing left; Port Phillip tleads mt ".¡M p.m., on Friday. Owing tc the strong southerly gales, «nd tho heavy sea.nianing bctwoen the Heads ithn Telegraph wa»-compelled to anchor until tile flood.tide mode, .when she got through wrtb safety. M> 0 o.m. on Saturday, she loused tile Wonga Wongo .on* the Seal Islands, and al 3 p.m. the «limo dny, saw the Waratah 10 miles to tke S.W. of Itara Head ; un*Snuday,ats o.m. passed tlie City of Sydnoy otT tile Pigeon Hpuso ; at 3 p.m. yemi^rday, spoke the Danish ship Caljie, ott* WuUangnng, bound te Hvduny. Tho schooner Coila, from Otago, In ballast, arrived "yesterday, Iiavlnj" left that port on tb« SPHu irmmo ; the only vessel spokes by her, u&s; the Argeuti, frau PortCoDper.boandJo Melbuurne. on the 2ni instant ; the Camllx* brig was to leave ia a few days alter Soothers Cross, hail sailed for the Birru". The Moumerang is 47t hour« from Heads to Hernie She brings np a cargo «*on»i-»tiug of 150 bales wo»], 11 .casks tallow, and sundries, lins Haven schooner got .over the bar bonnil for Sydney, on Thursday morning; the immigrants by the Sabrina have been released from Quarantine, and were landed at Brisbane last Monday ; the Ramilies was to leave for Sydney in the course of the week : the Conrad for Calcutta, and the Alecto for Loudon, bsd both sailed for their respective paru of destination. On Friday morning the Boomerang passed ti steamer a little to tho northward of Smoky Cape, supposed to ba Um Shamrock. The schooner Don Jnati waa aground on Eagle Farm Flats. The only report by the Ann from Hobart Tow» ls, that the Acacia, Sen Xvmpli. and Highland Lad, wer» loading with Van Di»*nan*s Land produce for Âvdrîey. MaoiTortnics UKK-OR nv* bllLort.-On Satan!*-last a child only five years old, had by sop.* occident fallen into the water contignoos to the ship Kate, Iring-#t tho Circular* Quay, -when a true-henKad tar, named Jotm Larry., belonging to that xeeaaî, immediately plunged inta the water, ea? .saved the llttlo sufferer from its pirapi*, certain fate,"-* '' . t>» »choamr QjcAo*« «alttM *r«W GecdonJ f*r Al*, port 9* Ifjin instant« Thr UirHnJ. »rhj Baratt, «ncl »«tr«Mu,er Qjraftaa,, wer« a* anchor inWataon's Bay Yesterday evaniMtf The Maori arrived at Nelson from London on the 29rd ultimo, with 90 asaiated InMUIyriuits for that province, and passengers for this and other Sew Zealand provinces.-Lyttetlim Tim*; Novem- ber 3. 