advertisements. ? OP LIVERPOOL AND |,air AUSTRALIAN PACKETS. ^ PASSAGE Certificates from any part of JjS Groat Britain to tlio Australian upffr c0i0nie8 by tlio WHITE STAU LIN I1. OI- taken ^8 LIVERPOOL PACKETS, leaving Liver- lllivin( t Melbourne semi-monthly , and forwarding this a t !»n to the neighbouring Colonies : The Sum the lollowmE celebratod olippora an(l i C0pn- is Tons Kogistor. aqimri N Jacket ... 24U0 ... Reed Tlio 5™ L, ... . 1040 ... Underwood :.. 10(19 ... Bannatyne krt si ii? B- = i z « *% 5 .. 1434 ... Mil ward Jb 6 .. 1347 ... Hamilton Km? ». 1(ino - Horon Annie Chambers 1550 ... Halloran iug 1 Blue Jacket ... 2650 ... Duoliott tons, . . ? ? „ i,ave been built by ontw« IPilkington and Wil- nccon paaaonger trade, are eucce ind have unsurpassed gold i liberal dietary scale He ovisions, and a quail- modii h ship, Their cabin reput ; fitted up with noli secon las berths offer every view oceu] nd most conveniently e»|-H| not bo contradictod As r their friends oannot passe ao. tunit beautiful ships have passa it, on an average pas- cabin again oil their return A nd four weeks in port, tlio 8 or Hobson's Bay. The i, and has arrived in 73, making tlio most usand passengers have At sod health, all bearing Fi lioient officers, kind sccoi provisions. ffH lieir friends can obtain offlo! nd cabin, or steerage, 0 this popular lino, so £ itaiti and this country, J%/4 e to these Packets, on jg|| leraigncd. £1 upwards, issued In mail and CO., UI?^ Stroet, East, . J'1' ? Railway Terminus. fu™ ENK OF AUSTRA- cat! ,'S.— Owned by Messrs. disa ., of Liverpool. Seai 3 RKG. CAPTAINS.' .2093 ? Mill .. ,.2337 ? Nowlands ..2400 ? M'Donnell C ,.2600 ? .Warner rati .1625. ? Wild -lon .1051...w.,..M'Kirdy eng ,.1680 ? Brown I 1.1260 ? Tobin ..1*275 ? ..Manning ofR ,.1404 ? Jackson ? .2500 ? Forbes ..2300 ? Uuguid A lips, ooustrtcted by the ; M'Kay of Boston, and ' f . d for Australia twico rel un TO AUSTRALIA. . itained from tlio under- his ilting their friends out -f Great Britain or Ire on being joinod by tboir om the time of writ ng. est ships afloat, having - 1 packets. The rapidity ^ i speediest runs hitherto * id to and from England frt imarkablo passages have ob , 74 days. -« ? 79 n 73 „ _ ? 73 „ ? 63 „ 64 „ i ships are on the most entilation, and comfort ; « lality and liberally sup- ^ taolied to oaoh ship, and s of ability, and experi lade tlio most successful No sorious accidents _ ships sinco tlio establish voyed a larger number »in to thoso shores than 4 id landed them in good Si isages. The advantages [y line are, that being tile w ?ularly between England by the munagim: owners, 0 id greater facilities and / from sliips managed only a ens. a , from £1 and upwards, r ) undersigned, who grant town in Great Britain or o IING DEPARTMENT. t p by each of theso ships, a forwarded through the i and Co., of Li' orpool, the Continent of Europe, iea. 1 other colonial produce le the best conveyance to d despatch. its, plans of oabins, and . ? SES and CO., , tnorco Collins street west. LINE OF PACICETS. ol Direct, forwarding pas wool, to London at ship's 'ated ai.d favorite clipper 1 tons register, J. M'Kirdy, Champion of the Seas, and ally. ,s just oomplcted her third a, bringing latoj datos from ins for saloon, seoond,and rB aro unsurpassed. Tlio eludes ladies' cabin, dining of which are fitted up in a equalled only by tlio other id favorably known in the itlemanly attention to his i received the most compli eoms aro invited to inspcot 1 the Indian Queen, y aro — Saloon, 65 guineas ; 'into, £25. r the second cabin, as well iterniediato passengers le best provisions. A surgeon sommodations can bo had na of cabins, &c.;, apply to CO., Hall of Commerce, ? ? 7'2— .0146 direct. — The splendid A 1 t ship INDEMNITY, 742 Sayers, commander, will i port on the 27th February, nents to families proceeding lgerj only being taken, and unrivalled by any vessel in lually, intending passongers isoIvub cabins at once. 1(1 will find this a first-rate ] -pply to JAMES IIENTY street; or to BROWN and M 947 fob B 1*2 16 20 SHIPPING ADVERTISEMENTS. WHITE S 1'AR LINE. ' Q4HALIMAR for Liverpool. — First Ship. This beautiful clipper, having dis RfisSk charged lier inward cargo, is now ready iHgy to receive lier outward freight. Wool, HHv tallow, and measurement goods, will be from tlio lighter without dolay. A bullion safo ; been built in the ship, Gold Bliippers will find desirable opportunity. : Cabin of tlio SliALIJlAR is elegantly fitted up, ias eight family state rooms, about twelve feet 3, which are unsurpassed for elegance and comfort. Second Cabin, Houso on deck, and intermed'ate, orthy the attention of those proceeding homo. ? PlanB of Cabin, Dietary Scales, and every iriforma ipply to 0\. F. TRAIN, and CO., Flindors Street east, op tiie Hobson'B Bay Railway Terminus. 75 0126 n- /'CELEBRATED Blaokwall Line of S3v_ Packets. For London direct, to sail ggjT positively on the 20th February. The fine 'Smarmed firigate built Ship ORWELL, belong to Messrs. Green, Blaokwall, A I at Lloyds, 1500 William Edward Maurice, commander. Therecent ird pasaago of this splendid new vessel having been aplislied in the space of 74 days, a correspondingly sfd'ul run homo may bo anticipated by Bhippera of and wool and intending passengers, r lirst-elasB acoommodationa aro of the most com aus kind, and well caloulated to sustain the high ation hitherto enjoyed by ships of this line ; and her d and Bteora^o cabins having been (itted up with a to ensure tlio comfort and convenience of their fiauts, will bear comparison with thoso of any ship9 3ed in the Australian trade. the vessel will sail puctually oe the day advertised, ngors who intend availing themselves of tlio oppor iy afforded by her of securing a speedy homeward go, are invited to niako an early inspection of tho is at present vacant. Boat is engaged to oonvey passengers to, aud from hip froo of expense. . Cabin passage, including wines, beer, and spirits, .... 80 guineas. Second cabin .... 35 „ Third do . . . . 25^,, i experienced surgeon acoompanies tho ship, -r rate of freight, plans of the accommodation and id and third cabin dietary scale, apply to W. I'. ITE and CO., Wharf ; and at A. S. N. Co.'s )?, 1 Collins street weat. ? 53 800 1 s_ ~j~r- 'OOYAL Mail Packet Ship, JAMES BA1NES, 2515 tons regiater, Charles gQgjf iM'Donnell, Esq., Commander. Thia noli'.c sraSB clipper having convoyed Her MajoBty's , of tlio 9th December, from England in 64 days, sail early in March with the return mail for England ar contract to convoy it in G5 days. The date o ng appointod by tho Government will be stated in t re advertisement. assongers for England aro invited to inapeot thi ;nifieont accommodations of this veBsel. Early appli on to secure berths is necessary, as many who wor ppointed in getting passages by the Champion of tli 9 have secured berths in her. The rates of passage aro — Saloon . . . 65 guineas Second cabin . . . £35 Intermediate . . . £25 rold, wool, and general cargo will he taken at currer -8 — tho two former deliverable in Livorpool or Lor 1\. Intending shippers are requested to malca the lagemonts early. for freight or passage, plans of cabins, &o.;, app kOKAY, BAlNES.and CO., Black Ball Lino Pack oos. Hall of Commerce, Collins street west. ' ? _? ? C6— lPilt f SgTt- C1HAMKOCK I.iue of Packets, sailii monthly direct from Dublin and Cork tjjgjtji These vessels aro all first olaas, fitted \ tcaaSGB with every improvement, rhe attontion of parties wishing to send for friends ations !s particularly directed to this Line, as t avoidable expense of English ports is avoided. The undersigned will grant orders for passages up \- friends in Dublin and Cork. THOMAS S. MARTIN, 53 88 tf 123 Flindors lane west, yCKr QUIP HELENA, from New York.— C- Bignoes per above Ship, are request (fcgJgSi to pass entries at tho Custom House, pres! KSSSjfca bills of lading, at our counting room, j light, and rooeive orders for their goods, Lighterage has been engaged at current rates, part jeeting must notify us by noon this day, as the vea discharging. ROGERS, WARFIELD, LORD, and CO 03a Agon ^ CJ HIP WHITE SWALLOW, fr O Boston. — Consignees will please p their entries at Custom Houbo, pay freig jfejgpS'®' and receive orders for their goods, j rungemcnts have beon mado to lighter ip, at currant ratoe, ana parties objecting will pie itify us in writing bofore four o'ldoclt this day. WILLIS, IIOLDEN, and Co., Bla 30, King stri ^nrv /^ELEBRaTED Blaokwall Line of Pn ets. — For London Direct, to sail j: lively on tho 6th March, the Sne art clipper aliip MEDAVA.Y, belonging least's. Tindall, A 1 at Lloyd's, 900 tons, Abel Ma ood, commander. This woll-known ship, one of the established favot f tho many celebrated vessels at present engaged in Lustralian trade, is again laid on fir punctual dospa t the above-montionod date, vnd oifers to intending ] engera tho combined inducements of speed, socui nd comfort, which have in lier case hitherto been I oalized. The cabin accommodations afforded by this vessel if tho most spacious and convenient charactcr, and Joniniandor is a sufficient guarantee that no efforts le spared oil his part to promote tho comfort of his ; engera on tho forthcoming homeward voyage. Guinen Cabin passage, including winos, beor, spirits .... 80 Second cabin . . . . 35 Third cabin . . . . . '25 An experienced surgeon accompanies tho ship. Fo. rates of freight, plans of accommodations, locond and third cabin dietary soalea, apply to \\\ WHITE and CO., Wliarf, and at A. S. N. and ( Dffice, 101 «jut. 54 — 0140 A Sc WH1TE STAR LINE 0F PA0KE1 YV For Liverpool, about Maroh 1st.— elegant new clippor-ship SHALIMAR, toua regi8ter, ims just arrived from Liver under tho command of Captain Amos Robertson, af remarkably rapid passage, bringing eleven days nows. This is tho ninth ship of this celebrated thathaB arrived at this port since .Tilly last — the avt passages of which have not been equalled — there 1 no instanco in the Australian shipping where bo i vessels belonging toono Line have mado successively uniform time — arrived without accidont, and laud many paasepgers free from sickness. This beautiful clipper has proved herself a fast i on this her first voyngo, and an she has boon buil fitted up as a regular liner, offers great inducomer persons proceeding home. lier cabin accommodations aro arranged with l tasto, aud tho second cabin is largo and commoi while tlio entire botweon decks is resorved for i mediate passengers. Tho Shalimar is now lying off the Railway , where intending passengers can avail themselvss c Company's steamer, which plies regularly betwoe shipping and tho Pier, to visit tho ship and judge personal observation of lior desirability as an Austi packet ship. For freight of wool, tallow, gold, or general men diso, plans of ca'iin, and every information, ap] GEO. F. TRAIN and CO., Flindors street, east, op tho Railway Station. ? 1^3 £ WHITE STAR LINE Ol? LIVERPOOL PACK mHE clippor ship RED JACKET, L, JL tons regiater, under the comma ft], M. Millwurd, Esq.(lato of tho Cotisti may be shortly expeotcd at thiB port later dates, and will have immediate despatch o return voyage. Having mado tho quickest run on record tc country, and accomplishing the voyage out and he live months and ten dayB, thiB beautiful Bhip baa earned her present high position in tho Australian As a limited number of passengers will he taken saloon, oarly application iB requisite to sccure a ciii berths. For freight or passago apply to GEO. F. TRAIN & CO., Flinders- street East, 6U tf Opposite the Railway 8i SHIPPING ADVERTISEMENTS. 1 ? J jlOR BRISTOL Diroct. — Tho fine clipper J? built ship SERINGAPATAM, 1000 tons burthen, A 1 13 yoars, Peter Stark, Esq., commander, will sail for tho above port on or about tho lat March, forwarding oargo to Loudon if required. Bay 'y. The fine cabin accommodation of this vessel, lately 0JJ£j wj | occupied by Sir George and Lady Grey, on their passage Tuesd; to tho Cape, presents a first-rate opportunity to parties returning home. I Tho 'tween docks are vory lofty, and fitted up for on tj-U( second ola=B passengers in the best possiblo manner. Geoloi The oabin table iB found on an unlimited scale, and the dietary for tho seoond class is most liberal. The object I of the ownors, Messrs. Mileses, Kington, and Co., of Bristol, being to establish a permanent connection be tween that port and Melbourne, the undersigned are w|10 v prepared to make lib ral advances on produce consigned |.rom - to their frieuda in Bristol. ? ? For tho stato cabins application must he piade imme diately. I Single Bortlis in tho Saloon, 70 guinoas. ? I t&m;, Socond Class Passengers, 35 guineas. Steorago ... ... ... 25 guineas mandi Passengers conveyed, free of charge, to any part of tho al Somersetshire or Gloucestershire. o'olnc For freight or passage, apply to MILES, KINGTON, Pas and CO., 82 King-street. 109 87 Foi ? ? ? ??? - ? ? ? ? ? ? ? - —i. -? .? i -ii — ? ? I Oq gX}~ 'IVTEW ZEALAND. — Assisted Passages.— — — -LN Meohanics, Agricultural Labourers, _ wSwvSg aud Families of good character, can receive as8isted passages per brig KIRKWOOD, for Auckland, by applying to W. H. MONK, w i,a Corner of King Street and Flindors Lane. I lRt ? 79a 063 ? j-xv- TTlOR CA fjLAO. — To sail on or about the T)1 Jj 'at February, the fine A 1 ship FAL- J_ CON, 1072 tonB regiator, Captain Taylor. I claim KSK^iSS JPor rates of passage (having splendid ao- signe oommodation) or freight, ajidly to BRIGHT BROS, bofor and CO., agonts, cornor Of Flinders Lane and Bond ainin Street. fi6 80 tf ? P. IjlOR San Francisco direct. — Tho barque AfjSSjhp Jj AMELIA, 400 tons burthen, Captain ?— [ W. II. Moore, will have immediate diapatoh, | Sf3C5iSt3 a9 above, with Cargo and Passengers. ? Her cabin accommodations comprise seven large state rooniB, of two berths each, and tho entire space botweon \\\j I docks will be devoted to the seoond-clasa passongers. ' ' i As this is tho only vessel on the berth for California, ir i early application is ueceaaary to secure a choice of state- \ V i rooms, ? ; , Tho price of passage has beon reduced to the unusually ~\X, , low rate of £40 in tho cabin and £25 intermediato. YV f Cargo can go alongside at once, and be received on 8'-reE i hoard without delay. The vessel lies off tho Railway I 51 Jetty for the inspection of passengors. s PSFor freightor passage, plans of cabin, dietary scale, aud T\ \- every information, apply to / , e GEO. F. TRAIN and CO., Flindors-street oast, oppo- °L e site the Railway Station. 74 106 t f -r-n- ? ? ? ? y\ J~rCr Q HIPS for Sale at the office of CHA liLES evei I ^ NEVINS, 45 William street, Broker iuve I for sale of Ships, Steamboats, Lighters, &n.;, I £S2!£nKS! Insurance and Shipwright Surveyor and ? II Valuer. I !' Tons rog. T ' ir Barque .... 220 copper fastened and Pitt I coppered, fitted ready for sea ~ 'J I Brig ..... 190 do do British built Vi 6 I Do ? 210 do do Quebec do ' Do STRUAN . . 207- do do largo capacity I _ Do SAILOR'S FRIEND 140 do Al British built, ?ir 11)51 K°«r,f I Do RUBY . . . J 51 do now fitting for ' I »ea, well found 'T^ P Schooner .... 100 light draught, well JL found in Bails, &c.; I Sol . Do HARMONY . 57 to let by week, ^ I month, or voyage within Port Phillip Heads. p Carries 90 tons dead weight, light draught. j~n Every information given regarding Insurances, Valua- — I tions, Surveys, &o.; 65a I l I /&£}5 /CELEBRATED Blacltwall Line of Packets j xgSZSgv, for London direct. To sail positively — -n- wgggtf* on tho 20th February. The fine A 1 now I T' o-J armed Clipper Ship, ' EVENING STAR,' L int I moo tons, Philip de St. Croix, Commauder. This mag- Gr lay nificentship offers a first rato opportunity to shippers of ? wool, and having tho whole of her dead weight on board __ '0' will meet with no delay in loading, | isel Her accommodations are of more than usual extent, I -L and being coiiBtruotod with a view to the comforts of tho passengors, render her ono of the most desirable ships ts- I of the season. S Fares : I Cabin passage, including wines, beer, and spirits, 70 C I B guinoas. ^ if * Second Cabin, 25 guinoas. I ~ /jr' Carries an experienced surgeon. Q asB I ^or rat0a fi'e'ght, plans of accommodation, and ii seoortd cabin dietary scales, Apply to FLOWER, M'LAREN and CO., 44 William S 1 street ; or to W. P. W HITE and CO., Wharf, h- ? ? 50 890 t s _ /Xc TTlOR Valparaiso. — The fast-sailing brigau- S . I stgS&i; -T tinoCLnTHA, 177 tons register, Captain to Paton, coinmandor, to sail in a few days, — I tsKfejfica offera a dcsirablo coiiveyanoo for passengers £ and goods ^ .. For further particulars apply to J. B. WERE, KENT, D and OJ. ? ' - ? 68-028 - ^ t TDENINSULAR AND ORIEN- f. 4m p^yseam navigation 11 ar0 Suspension of the Australian Mail ( tjlfl service between Singapore and Sydney, and Sydney a1 wj|[ I und Coylon, and intermediate ports. I - paa Th0 Company having, under Banction of Her I is. I Alnjpsty'a Govornmont, relinquished tho mail servioo ' I between thoso places, it is hereby notified for the infor- - motion of tho puhlia, that as the withdrawal of the I NORNA and MADRAS will bo effected upon their | ] I arrival at Ceylon, about 20th December and 20tli Fob- ; ruary respectively, there will be no further steamers despatched by the Company between the above places, I - and consequently passengers and freight can no longer be ® 'h received by the Company for India, China, England or ' \--0. elsewhere as hitherto, ? ? I O. C. EDMOND, Superintendent, I ' ,r, I 8, Collins street cast, i 15th February, 1855. 54 074 1 -lne I ? ? ? ?- ' - ? — ? ? ? ? — — — j 1500 Qf TEAM to Portlund, Warrnambool, I pool, - — O ond Port Fairy — The new, powerful ter a I and fast-sailimi Steamer Q.UEEN, 400 | later 1 // tons, George Doran, Commander, will Lino leave for the above ports on Thursday first, ; -rago the 22nd instant, from the Railway Pier, ' joing Satidndgo, at noon. All goods and passengers must bo Many at tho Railway Station, Flindors Btreet, not later than such I half past eleven forenoon of the above day. ed so For freight or passage, apply to CHARLES YORK and CO., sailor I pS, Bourlte street west, tand or to E. M. IJADAWAY, 'ts t° I 15 William street. tnueh ajQjfc. . QTEAM to ADELAIDE Direot:— ''0U8- ^ Regular Weekly Communication. I 'tor- j The fine new Iron Scrow Steamer, letty, I iTTfmJ'W1'1 ' 333 tons register, 72 horse power, if the Hugh MoEwan, commander, n the will be dospatched for Adelaide on Wednesday (this from day), and on every alternate Wednesday after, fiilling up ralian the interval betweon the trips of tho Havilah, and thereby eiiBuring to the public regular weekly commu uhan- nication. ply to The vessel will go to sea from tho Railway Pier, poBite Siindridge, at half past three o'clock preoisoly. Railway I I tickets will be furnished by the agents, free of charge, to I all passengers for oonveyanoe to Sandridg-i by any train I 2460 u'' to ^le '10ur °f sailing. Goods will he reoeived at the nd of Kail way Station till twelve o'clock, on prosentutiou of au . order from the undersigned. For freight or passage apply to BROWN and RALSTON, 91a 23 Market strppt^ i this Hfcx » CJTEAM to Geelong. — Tho favorite I ,ra' in JKSA. 0 steamer SHANDON, John I faMy Anderson, Commander, will leave fleet. I the Queen's Wharf, at two o'clock, j lice of P j,.arB8 j Saloon . . . ]2s. I Fore cabin ... 6a. I Cargo taken charge of- on the Wharf. 1 CRAWFORD MAINE, 70 Flinders lane west, tution. 76a SHIPPING ADVERTISEMNTS. . . T3UBLIC Notice.— Tho Steamers JL DUNCAN HOYLE and CI TIZEN, will ccaae running to and gjbsJg^g^f rom the Sandridge Pier in connection with tho Melbourne and Hobson's tailway Company, after Saturday, tho 10th Feb., ill rc-commenco running to Geelong direct, on ly, I3th February, as formerly, viz. — Citizen at eleven o'clock. Duncan Hoyle at two o'clock, esdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, returning from ig on the alternate days, at the same hours. For the Geelong Steam Navigation Company, WILLIAM BRYAN, Secretary. Agent in Melbourne, MALCOLM LITTLEJOHN, Queen -s Wharf, vill be in attendance every day to receive goods, ) in the morning to 6 in the eveninu. STEAM to Port Fairy, Warrnambool, aud Portland. Tho fine new iron JTCjffcJtf0* screw steamer CHAMPION, 305 tonB, =§££&» and 60 horse power, F. Helpman, com er, will leave the Railway Pier, Sandridge, for bout ports, on Thursday, 22nd inst., at twelve k. isengers conveyed on board free of charge. ? freight or passage, apply to JAS. HENTY and 11 Little Collins street. 61 028 j~j~ 'VTOTICE. — On and after this date, Wool -LN will bo conveyed to Ships in the Biy by steamers or lighters at 3s. 6d_ per bale. MSSI COLE, BRUCE, and NOItl'ON, Cole'B rf. . November, 1854 62 — 26tf NOTICE. SNIN9ULAR AND ORIENTAL STEAM NAVI GATION COMPANY. — All persons having is on the above arc requested to furnirh the under d with particulars of the same, in duplicate, on or ?e the 28th instant,, in order that they may be ex ed, aud, if found correct, be discharged. O. O. EDMOND, Superintendant. aud O. S. N. Co.'s office, 8 Collins-street east, 19th February, 1855. 50 037 MISCELLANEOUS. r ANTED a good Bagatelle Board. Address H. M, office of tliia paper. 82 a — 027 f ANTED a now or secondhand Tip-Cart. Address Cart, office of this paper. 83a — 027 rANTED. — Passengers for the Ovens. A spring conveyance will leave Labour Market, 92 Bourkc it east, on Thursday next, for tho Ovens Diggings. JOHN WHITEOAK. T ANTED about 500 acres of good Agricultura ' Land, near Melbourne. Address Delta, offici lis paper, with price and situation. ? 54 T ANTED tho Members of tho Fitz Roy Lodge ti f attend at Host Brother Clarke's, on Thursda; ling next, 22nd iiiBtant, to consider the propriety o isting tho Lodge Funds. By order of the N.G. (Ma T ANTED— Everybody furnishing who study econ r omy, to call at 9 Little Collins street east. W :h ford. 85a RANTED this day at the Female Depot, Collin J street east, numbers of Servants in man acities, as Cooks, Housemaids, Laundresses, Nurs Is, General Servants, Marriod Couples, &c.; Con able waiting rooms for omployers and servants. Mr Uormnck, 147 Collins street east. 64 |OG FOR SALE. — A fine handsome Sheep Do| f and also a black and white Newfoundland, to I d. Apply to 397, ofKoo of this paper. \- ENTS and Debts oolleoted, properties sold for casl \l at THOMPSON'S Estate Offices, 73 Chance: o. ? ? 60 028 CCOtJNTANT. — James R Bickerton. Offioe, Hall of Commerce, Collins street. ? 69a— 0123 \AGUERREOTYPE GALLERY.— Pontland'a Pi ) tures are unsurpassed. — Corner of Swanston a] eat Bourke. Entrance on Swanston street. ? 68 0784 B D )OUBLE and Single Offices to Let, cheap, by J OVERTON, Commercial Chambers, 41 Swanst ?eat. ? ? ? 56a 054 1 KARDON'S Cashmere Boots, 2s, 6d. per pair. 1 J Bourkn street, cast. ? !i0a 064 Jf KARDON'S Patent Leather Slippers, 3a.. 6d. ] J pair. 112 Bvurke street enst. ? 81a 06i ^KARDON'S Bronze Kid Slippers. 112 Boui 3 street east. ? ? ? 82a 06- KARDON'S Frenoh Calf Wellingtons, I2a. 6d, ; J psir j largo size do., 16s. 6d.'per pair. 1 1 2 Boui reet east. ? 83a 06, ICARDON'S Blucliors, 5b. 6d. per pair ; supei J do., 7s. 6d. per pair. 112 Bourke street east. ? ? ? 84a 06, ^IKARDON'S Clearing- out-Salo of Summer Boots i J Shoes, at extraordinary low prices, this day. lourkf^street east. ? flsa og ^ A TIERCES Hams, Fay's ; 100 cases 1-lh tins ] J\ J served lobsters ; for Sale by Geo. F. Train and i 'tinders-street east, opposite to the Railway Station. ? 82 QIC COMFORTABLE Board and Residence, an airy s U ation. Apply to Mr. Watson, Flesher, Cardie troet. ? . 80a 0 c 7 f\ AAA INCH American Flooring Boa I U5UUU RICHARDS and CO., 61 066 ]4 Minoing lan BALTIt! Flooring Boards 2J1 per foot. Nixon Co'uTimber Yard, Smith street, near Vict .'arade. ? 5oa 05 RATS. RATS.— Wonderful Effect of II ARRIDG RAT PILLS, destroying without producing oi live smell, 57 AVilliam street. 63 02 BATHING HOUSIS and Refreshment Room Sale at St. Kilda. Apply to Mrs. Ford. ? ? ? 25a 01 rr HE Criterion Shirt iB so cut as to' adjust itae X every position of tho body. 6, THE Criterion Shirt can be used with buUoni ? Btuds, at the option of the wearer. 6, THE Criterion Shirt has but ono button at the ] band, and well apart at the points. 6i nnUE Criterion Shirt can bo had with roum JL pointed collars, in tho various sizes. 6 mHE Criterion Shirt can only be had at tho inven X G. and J. Eapie, Edinburgh House. 43 G Bourke street oast. g AUUSTRAL1AN Club House, by Edward Aid Buard aud Residence, 30s. weekly. 80 Bedrc ? 56a C ALDRICH'S Australian Club House, Black v street, North Melbourne. Board and ReBid 30s, per week, 57a ( SUPERIOR Black Dross Coats, Frock Coat, Walking Coat. J. M'GAW'S, 45 Bourke i oaat. ' SUi'KItlUiC Black Vesta anil Doeskin Troi latest styles, at J. M'GAW'S, 45 Bourke s east. ? SUPERIOR Tweed Trousers and Vests, latest i J. AI'GAW, 45 Bourke street eust, Glasgow H HENRY ELDER (from Dent's, London), CI' metB_r and Watch Maker, 18 Little Collins west, Melbourne. QuiokBilver on sale. PORK,— Prime Irish aud Hamburg, ou Sale. 1 Maaterton, 5 Little Bourke- jtreet east. _ ? . 55 MAR&BTTl;'S Porter and Ales on Sale. ] Masterton, 5 Little Bourke-street east. ' ? ? ? 56 ENGLISH and Colonial Coal on Sale, at Po 95, William-street, opposite Telegraph offic ? 88— WAR with 'Russia. — Rifle, the king of we Come aud practice, Little BourUe-streel j Astloy'a, MISCELLANEOUS. A L L E D*~E VALENTIN O.— ' Open Every Evening. ? M. Fleury, Leader and Conductor. 93 a ^ uotic BOOKS. — Every description and condition purchased. Bennett, 125 Littlo Collins street east. Liberal p ; price- ? 84a p-pH* LKO ESCHBACK is requestod to call or send his Jl address to the undersigned, as they have letters of meroa' importance for him. Rogers, Warfield, Lord and Co. sum pi ? 82a 038 of wor SASHES with Frames and Glass, &c;„ cheapest in the ^E1 Colony. Crawley's Saw Mills, Bourke Btreet, books, weat. 87a I™ ? prepai AAf V FEET nine Inches Lining Boards, at . ! juUjUU' J 12s. Crawley's Saw Mills, 163 Great Bourko street west, near King street. 88a an(j j. Cr'fl A/ \ A FEET 7 Inches Deal Woather Boards' OU5UUU ^ 14s. Crawley's Saw Mills, 163 lul0„ Great Bourke street, west, near King street, 89a I TJIOWLS, Ducks, Geese, Turkeys. — A splendid lot A prj I ' for Sale at Ilaselden aud Zorn's, No. 2, Western a Ba Market. ? 86a Aft'aii TPvOORS aud Sashes, ex White Swallow, an assorted ohanj I / invoice justreceived, and forSale by Wills, Holden, 9,om' and Co., 30 King street. 80a 048 °so I I (T^UT NaILS,— '200 Casks assorted Cut Nails, ex r,nnri White Swallow, for Sale by Wills, Holden, and Co., 30 King street. 79a 048 ? Q AUSAKE Machine. — Fur Sale, a first-rate Sausage I jo Filler. Enquire at Clark's Hotel, Smith street, M I CJollingwood. 56a I Q ADDLE Horse on Sale. — To be Sold, a first- rate Tli I slcue bald Horso, warranted, of very superior Rialti I qualities and adapted cither for a lady or gentleman. jj) Apply to Mr. Kinroaa, 209 King street, Melbourne. ever' ? 54a ALE mO Let, a large House, with shop and five rooms, X kitchen, &c.;, Bitu&te; 181 SwansLon Btreet, suitable for any business. Apply to Michael Taylor ; enquire at hold tho rear. ? 51a day, EELONG. — 33 x 153 feet, fronting Corio street, for f°ro1 vX Sale. — WILLIAM GREEN, 30 Queen street, ''d Melbourne. 50a 'OUSSIAN War, — Grand Panorama, commences at p( -LVi half-past Boven and half-past nine this evening. - — . ? 5 8a TT ' CEMENT. — 150 barrels Cemont, ex White SwailuW . 1/ lor Sale by Wills, Iiolden, and Co.. 30 King Btreet' ^ ' : ? ? ? ? 77a 048 ' rnoBACCu. — 84 Packages Cavendish and Twist x I Tobacco, ex White Swallow, for Sale by Wills, ? : llotdon, and Co., 30 King street. 76a 048 1 USS1AN War. — Tempcranoo Hall, Russell Btreet' ,|wl 2 jAj Familirs are requested to eiiBuro Reserved Seats. got Admittance One Shilling. 59a y I 'RUSSIAN War. — Tho Battlo of Alma is heart-stirring reae y I \i and painted with life-liko effect. 60a E f I 13 U SSI AN War. — Tlie Bombardment of Odessa, the I li Troops at Varna, the Five at Varna, &c.; 61a rji _ 'I')) USS1AN War, — What Englishman does not feel an 0UI! l|j interest in the events that are occurring. 62a grg, 'O USSIAN War.— The Panorama is acknowledged Ale _L\\- by judges of art to possess the highest merit. wid 63a eitli is ? ? and y I T- RAN, Bran, Bran* — For Sale, 2oOO Bushels Bran. it. 10 1~- Mel choir and Co., Flindora-laue west, cornor' of TO 1- Bond-«treet. 67a j™ 'Tl TUSICAL Entertainment, Concert Room, Union KJ ~~ I 1V| Hotel, Bourke street, open every evening. Admis 1' sion Free. Concontration of talent. Misa Uria and 1 1 Miss Hartland, tho favorite Scotch and English Ballad _ Singers, and Mr. Colding the celebrated Irinli Comic ti, I Singer, every evening. Mr. Alfred Oakey will preside , ry at the piano. 63 — 057 — fT^O Let, a House and Shop in SwanBton street. 2, I Apply to Wm. Abercrombio, at Meuzies' Hotel, J I Co' Trobo street, from one to two daily, 52a 037 ? — '1VTOTICE to all Bricklayers who have any claims on I _]\j tho Society, that a General Meeting will be held :1-1 I at the Builders' Arms, the 26th February, to settle busi ness of importance. 59a 037 t th sat 7' HENRY ELDER, f 'r- (From Dent's, London), v on CHRONOMETER AND WATCtl MAKER, _ I 18 Little Collins street west. [l2 TTINGLISH CHRONOMETERS and Watohes, in — 1^ Gold or Silver Cases, and Clocks (from tho bes * ^er makers), on Sale, at moderate prices. .Performance I J ? I guaranteed. [u , Colonial Jewellery made to order. cj i Lendon-made Jowellery, best quality, at very reduced ot ! ? prices. per I Wanted Quicksilver. jt0 ANDIilGE. — Notice to the Inhabitants. — Tha — 1 fj undermentioned gentlemen have kindly consented ?ior to distribute, fret of charge, tickets for the Grand Pio-nio and Fete at Footsoray, on Monday, 26th February. 1 ? Liardet's Hotel, . . Mr. F. liiardet. Pier, ?. Mr. Garton. I Sandridge, . . . Mr. Allen. I'2 W.J. HENNINGHAM, i ? 63 036 m th b 71 Great Collins street west. H6' 'Vini'WA.MSTOWN.— Notice to the Inhabitants.- ' '' W The undermentioned gentlemen have kindly con I Bonted to distribute Tickets, free of charge, for the { ? ? I Grand Pic Nio and Feto at Footsoray, on Monday itu- I 26th February. ran- 1 Royal Hotel . . Mr. Cantwell. = 16 I Rainbow Hotel . . Mr. Hannah. Napior Hotel . . Mr. Dudley. I Albion Hotel . . Air. Dolphin. ' Cox's Family Hotel . Mr. Cox. ? I AV. J. HENNINGHAM, 71 Great Collins street aiul west. ? ? in th s 64 036 a 'J'''' I T7U1ERALD HILL.— Notice to the Inhabitants.— ' ? ? The undermentioned gontlomen have kindly con ?E'S sented to distribute (free of charge) Tickets for the ; ITen- I Grand Pio Nio and Fete, at Footsoray, on Monday, the - 15 26th February. j for Hit or Miss Hotel . Mr. Rosb, Market Taveru . . Mr. Duncan, rjy I Marco Polo . . . Mr. MiBean, j— — Queen's Arms . . Mr. O'Brien. 1 If to Brandon's Store . . Mr. Brandon. ? W. J. HENNINGHAM, 71 Great Cotliiia-stroat s or west. ? ' m th s (li/S 038 s? ^ T ODGE OF AUSTRALASIAN KILWINNING.— I I J A Meeting of Emergency will be held This ? Evening, Tuesday, the 20th inst., at Seven o'clock tors, punctually. reat 73a ? By order of the R. W. M. '1TIOOTSCRAY I Footsoray. — To-day, Bottomley's . - I JD House und Grounds to be Sold on tho premises. ? ? 65 147 ' TJ10--TSCKA Y. — Tu-morrow, all the unsold Lots on ? I Jj Section 15. 66 rood- 171OOTSCRAY, — And . 011 Thursday several B'arms on lence Section 17, South Braybrook. 67 ^ O/ ^ A A i k FEET Red Deal Weather Boards and 9 ''d 7 inches wide, at Crawley's itreet Saw Mills, Bourke-street west, near King street. rOa ? 84 06 isera, 1 AAA FEET Deal Quark-ring 011 Sale at treet »\J\J\J Crawley's Saw Mills, Bourke street ria west, ' ? 85 067 ityles. A A AAA FEET 6 x ij Flooring on Sale, iouse. y u «UUU Edward Crawley, Bourke- Btreet west. 72a ? ? 86 067 ,rr,„n 'I i k A I lAA tFEET Planed Deal Lining stree V/jV/U V Boards at 12s. per 100, at Craw ley's Saw Mills, Bourke stroet west, near King street. ? ? 87 067 \- — 7T J?0 K/ j| ) Great Cloaring Sale of Hats, Caps, Javid 3^ Juj 9 and Carpet Baga, prior to ulte rior arrangements, at 2, 3, 4, aud 5 Queen's Aroade, — 0'7 MILLER, hatter, from Trougate, Glasgow, having re D avi ceived definite instructions from Matthews aud Co. .to d dispoBe of their entiro Stook of Hats, Caps, &o.;, before 037 1st March, regardless of cost, begs to announce that it , is purposed to submit the whole to public inspection for ™r B» eight days only, below auotion prioos, and he earnestly ®- requests an early call froa} his old friends and Mel ' bourne patrons, apona. N.B. Tremendous Bargains ! I t, next Come early. Sale for eight days only, 62a February 20th, J 855, 69 048 MISCELLANEOUS. ? JOHN K. POW, Accountenant, Referee, Auditor, and Account? enant in Insolvency, No. 7 j Temple Court, Cluncery lane. 5\. — Late Accountant in Bankruptcy, England. E advertiser oontraots to post up merchants' books and prepare a balance sheot, at stated times, in a ntile, scientific and satisfactory form, for a fixed er month or per annum, according to the amount k to be done. ^ (lOUANTs assisted at balancing time with their 3L vents' estates managed, and statements of affairs red to lay before creditors, ?'EKEE in determining matters of acoounts in diff &c.; )ks audited, and poriodic statements for corporate lublic bodies. . a i.ific ations — Upwards of twentyyears experienoa mercantile and publio aooountant, with a oritioal ledge of bookeeping and accounts. Bast references. Now Published, price 10s., THE ACCOUNTANT, ictical work on Book-keeping and Accounts, with lance Journal, exhibiting a Daily Statement of fs, the Trader's Guide in Bankruptcy, Bills of Ex ;e, Railway Accounts, &o.;, &e.;, a work highly tended by the Metropolitan and Provincial Press, teviews in circulation. By JOHN K. POW. ou : Charles Gilpin, Bishopgato1 street ; and all Booksellers. 50 038 alt iELONG AND WESTERN DISTRICT FIRE AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY.— Capital £100,000, with power to increase. Offices, 23 Market street, is Company will issuo Policies for Fire and Marino i at moderate rates of premium, ank forms of application, soale of premiums, aud I information can bo obtained on application to ZANDER J. RALSTON, Agent. 90a— 068 JLON1AL INSURANCE COMPANY, 9, Collins street west. — A General Meeting of the Share ers is appointed to be held at these Offices oil Satur 24th February instant, at eleven o'clock in the loon, in terms of the Company's deed of settlement, for the purposes namod in the 41st clause thereof. J. KNIGHT LEAKE, Managing Director, jbruary 17th, 1855. ? 55a 028 w sat NSAFE Ship Building a National Sin ; in reply to a Despatch of His Grace the Duke of Newcastle— fame a Ballingall, Surveyor of Shipping, and Hono Sooretary to tho Port Phillip Immigration and i- Shipwreck Society. Second Edition. 0 bo bad gratis of all Booksellers ? 54a 0127 EOOND WEEK'S SALE.— This Day Great Bar gains will be shown in Shawls, Mantles, Cloth, Jed, and Silk, Barege Drosses, Straw and Millinery mets, Dress Caps, and Children's Dresses, fholo Stock must be sold. Auotion prioes, and no irve. - iritannia House, cornor of Bourke and Russell ets. G9 a [O LET, that commodious Iron Store, Bituated corner of Therry and Elizaboth streets, and at present opied by Messrs. Reid and Co., grocers. The site ia t-rate, being at the junction of the Sydney and Mount xander roads, whera the latter is considerably eued, and is prominently soen in approaching by ,er. The store is well adapted for a produce trade, . 1 the adjoining piece of ground will be let along with Apply on the premises, or to M'EWAN and HOUS N, 79 Elizabeth street. 66a HOP to Let, well situated. J. and H. Jamieson,220 1 Elizabeth- street north. 57a JP Masters ofTassenger Ships in Ilobson's Buy re quiring Live Stock, Potatoes, Hay, Jams, Pollard, can be supplied by giving ten days' notice at the oe of William Bayles and Co., 97 Collins street west. Svery attention 'Will be paid to the orders , and if ?, isible wiil be executed by return xteamer from hence. EDWARD SYMONDS. jaunceston, Van Diemen's Land, 17th February, 1855. ? ? 92a ; SALLE DE VALENTINO. DNDAY, lOth February, and every evening during the week. ?i RAND BALL AND CONCERT PROMENADE, j' Leader and Conduotor, Hons. FLEURY. Assisted by a host of Musical Talent. ©onoert to oommonae at 8. Djmoiog at 9. Doors open at 7$. Admission 83; Cil. . ^RAHRAN, St. Kilda, and Windsor, — Notioe to the Inhabitants. — The undermentioned gentlemen ivo kindly consented to distribute Tickets free of large, for the Grand Pio Nic and Fete, at Footsoray, 1 Monday, 26th February. Waliner Castle, Mr. Lynch Prince Albert, Merritt -- Carriers' Arms Armstrong Myall's Hotel Painter . \ Junction Hotel O'Shea South Yarra Stevenson Bush Inn Stone Balmoral Cameron Prince of Wales Cliff Gardener's Creek Hotel Graham W. J. HENNINGHAM, 71 Great Collins street ? ? ? ? 50 036 Mo. Th. Sat. I OA A SACKS Adelaide Four, lauding this morn I /j\ M F ing, ex Highland Lassie, from Adelaide Uest brauds). BERNARDMART1N, 31 Flinders Lane West. 6ga 036 LU M B E R, ex Whito Swallow, from Boston* 100,000 feet assorted lumber 105,494 do tongued and grooved flooring boards 37,694 do spruce, pine, aud hemlock boards and plank. For Sale by WILLS, IIOLDEN, and CO., 80 King treet. 78a 048 BRICKS. — 20,000 Colonial Fire Bricks, made of B'lemington fire clay, wanted by the Gas Company, tenders to bo sent in to the Office, 52 Collins street east, wor before one o'clock on Thursday next, the 22nd iiBtant, accompanied by sample. By Order, 52 028 JOHN ALLEN, Seoretary. ? ON SALE— 3500 bushels Scotoh oats 4000 do Danish do 2000 do bran . 20 tons Patna rice Brandy, in bulk and cases. MELCHOIR and CO., Flinders, lane west, corner of Bond-street. ? ? ? 68a FOR Sale, ex ship Helena, from New York. — - ' 53,156 feet 1J in. yellow piue Flooring boards 850 pair gmzed Bashes, various sizeB 550 do doors ROGERS, WARFIELD, LORD, & Co. 67a— 036 STEAM ENGINES.— i 2 4-horse power upright portable engines 1 6-horae power horizontal do Can be seen at Wilson's Timber Yard, Little Lonsdale* Btreet weBt, whero terms can ba obtained, or at E. W. COBB and CO.'S, 112 Collins-street west. ? 83 067 GALVANISED arid Painted Corrugated and Angle and T Iron, at Porter's, 95, William-street, oppo site Telegreph offioe. Ornamental Fenoing also on Sale. 89—077 P INE B O A R D S 100,008 feet yellow pine, planed on one side 10,000 do do, tongued and grooved ? 20,000 do white piue, tongued and grooved, ]£ inch. On Sale, by E. W. COBB und CO., Collins itreet west 3t ? ? ? 58 036 A FIRST-RATE Billiard Busineus and- 'Table to be disposed, of a bargain. The Business averages ovur 40 1, per week. It is situated on first-rate diggings, and is the only table, with a population of 30,000. For particulars apply at the officeof this paper. ? ? ? 69 026 MACHINERY, Agricultural Implements, &c.;— ? 2 portable saw mills, to be used by baud or horse power 1 patent shingle machine 2 winnowing machines 1 pile driver Harrows Forks ; Soythea Seed sowers, &o.; For Sale by E. W. COBB and CO,, Collins.street west. 82 OS? ? ' 