Sales by Auction. w. TO-MORROW. To Confectioners, Qrocera, and Othora. Eighteen Cases Prime Van Diomen'a Land Jams, WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, ? at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at twelve o'clock precisely, l8 casca Van Diemen'a Land jams, an ex- cellent assortment, in flrbt-rate con. dition. _Terms at Sale._3555 ' TOMORROW.' To Drapers, Dealers and Others. M. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auo. ? tion, at their rooms, on Tuesday, January 2nd, 1655, at twelve o'clock, i cases straw bonnets of every description, of the neweBt patterns and designs. These goodB have just arrived by the Argo, steamer, and arc well worthy of the attention oí the trade, _ferma at Sale,_3778 TO-MORROW. To Spirit Merchants, Hotelkeerors, and Others. West India Rum Booth's Old Tom. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, . at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at twelve o'clock, 15 hhds West India rum 150 cases Booth's old Tom, in 1- doz cascB Just landed, ' Terms at Sale. 3/7« TO-MORROW. Pine Boards, Spruce Buttens, Deals, and SonntUng. On tho premises, Little Lonsdale street, between King and William streetB. WM. TENNENT and CO. will Bell .by auc » tion, on the premises. Little Lonsdale, street, botween King and William streets, on * Tuesday, 2nd Jnnuary, nt eleven o'olock, All in sood condition, just landed, 429 pine boards, H inoli 1047 do spruce do do 7 x 1 2217 do do do 7 x 11 and H 1730 battens,7 x2! 380 spruce deals, 9,10,11 x 3 S52 picceB pino scantling, 4, 3, and 0 inch aquaro Terms at Sale. 3355 TO MORROW. To Close Consignments. To Wine and ¡-pirit Merchante. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received in « structioi s to sell by auction, on Tuesday 2nd inst., at twelve o'clook, 3 hhds Martell'a brandy, vintage 1851 3 do do do . ? 3 do do do 1 do Jamaica rum 1 do Scotch whiskey Store-rent paid up. Terms at Sale. 3SS3 TO-MORROW. Superior St. Julien Claret. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auc . 'tion, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd inst,, at twelve o'olock, precisely, 450 cases superior St. Julien claret. _Terms at Sale._3883 . "WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. To Ironmongers, Cutlers, Fancy Warehousemen, and Others. Ulectro-platcd and Britannia-metal Goods, Cutlery, Ornaments, and Brushware. "ÏTtT M. TENNENT pud CO. will Bell by auction, TY . at their rooms, on Wednesday, 3rd Janu. ary, at twelve o'olock precisely, Eleotro plated coffee and tea services Ho spoons, iorks and cruet frames Britannia-metal goods, assorted Accordéons, writing desks, brusheB and combs SCISSOIB, knives and forks, pen and pooket knivcB China ornament«, with glass shades And an assortment of fanoy gooda. _'J'ermB at Sale._3S55 JMONDAY, 8th JANUARY, 1S55. To Capitalista, Hotelkeepere, Speculators, and all Wealthy People in Victoria, seeking lor snre and Eligible Investment. All that Valuable Freehold, tho Crystal Palace, Situate in Little Bourke-street, A Licensed House. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received in- structions from the proprietor, Mr. Richard Cantwell, to sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Monday, 8th January, 1855, at twelve o'clock, All that splendid Licensed Hotel, known as the Crystal Palace, Situate in Little Bourke street, The houso comprises seventeen spacious and convenient rooms, with out-ofllccB of every con- venience, and Btabling attached, The houso is doing a first rate business, and from the desirable locality, being the most busy and central part of ne town, must always command a large ready. money business. Intending purchasers are invited to inspect the premises and trade prior to the day of sale, and they can then judge for themselves of the im mena? daily income that ia derivable fromthi xo^erty, Title unexceptionable. _Terms at Sale._3778 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. Important Sale of Fourteen Crates and Casks of I well nssorted Eiirthrrnware, &c.; From One of the First Potteries in Stafford shire. WM, TENNEN fand CO. arc instructed by , the importers to sell by auction, at their Tooma, on Wednesday. 3rd inst, at twelve o'clock, The following assortment of earthenware, &c;, selected with grent care, and consisting of 1 erato breakfast cups and saucors, Spnn. ish blue, Chantilly and Kulali 3 do breakfast cups and saucers, bowie, sugar boxes, butter tubs and stands, muffins, B and 11 plates, creams, milk juga, egg cups, mugs, dishes assorted, toilette sets, chambera, all flower, blue, hong, and marble i do toilette sets, plain blue, Chantilly, Geneva, neutral, Venice, unique, Ita- lian, marble, Riohmond blue strlpe8, do green do, do enamelled, do mul berry . 2 cratoB break fast cups, saucers, mufflnB, diahee, platea, egg cups, cream nnel milk jugs, bowl8, dinne-r plates, pud. ' ding and cheese plates.dishes assorted, «gravy dish, fish drainer, bakers, salad cheese stand, nil blue, Kulah, flower blue, marble, Spanish and drab-ena- melled 1 do jugs assorted, common dipped blue, Chantilly, hyacinth, mulberry, marble 1 cask dessert Bets, green glasses, and Windsor 3 orates dinner plates and Boupa, willow pattern 2 do twifrlers 4 do dinner plates, soups, twifllcrs, muf- fins 5 do dishes, assorted 2 do bakers do willow 4 do vegetable dishes and covers 3 do dinner plates, soups, pudding and cheese plates, dishes and pic dishes, assorted ; soup and sauce dishes, vegetable diahes and covers 2 do broakiast cups and saucers, melon Bhnpo 21 crates ewers and basins, ohambere, pep pers, mustards, Balfe, Ac. 1 crate bed-pans and foot-baths 1 do pudding bowls with rims 1 hhd. jelly cans assorted 1 do lilao and drab juge, peppers, mug. tards, and children's cans 1 do jugs assorted, melon and tin shape 1 do ohina breakfast sots, gold band and lines 1 tierce of ohina breakfast seta, moroon ground, flowers and gold, very rich 2 crntCB chamber bowls, aasortcd yellow v. 2 do jugs, assorted yoUow ; 3 do consisting oi ot-long and round 1 j^- bakers, bowls, &o.; ."s^ 'VJ do chambers oblongbnkera, jugs, bowls, ' butter tubs 1 crate juga, assorted, Rockingham 20 crates stone gingerbeer bottles, half » »- pints 22 cn«ka glass soda water, ginger beer 1 bottles 17 crates breakfast cups and saucera, bluo printed 2 dinner platea, soup, pudding, and mut. ton 2 dodishes,andgravydiahcs,bluoprinted, 2 do chambers, bowls, punoh bowls, ¿A, blueprinted 10 do dinnerplates, soup, Ac,blue painted 4 do flower pots, half-pints, pints, quarts, and two quarts, and Btnnds for do, as- sorted. Terms nt sale. In drawing the attention of the trade to tho above Bplcmtid assortment of earthenware, the auctioneers have much pleasure in doing so as a hetter^sclcction was never imported into the co. lony. _3833 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. In the Insolvont Estate ol M'Lennan and M'Alpin, By order of R. E Jacomb, Esq., Official Asaignoo. *XXT M, TENNENT and CO. will Bell by auo W » tion, on the premises. Union Brewery, Lit- tle Lonsdale-stieet, on Wednesday, 3rd InBt., at eleven o'clock, The interest bf the above-named insolvents ia, the Union Brewery, Little LonBdale-strect, toge- ther with the plant, &o.; To any one about commencing business this ia an excellent opportunity. Full particulars oan bo obtained on tho pro mises. _Terma at Sale._3883_ WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. To Ironmongers and Others. Gold Scales, Iron Cash Boxes, Japanned Cash Boxes, WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by nuc . tion, at their rooniB, ColHns-street, on "Wednesday. 3rd inst., at twelve o'clock precisely, Gold Beales, assorted' in oak boxes, from 2 ozs. to 10 ozs,, with oup and wcightB Do. do, with brats pillarB, on mahogany stands Japanned caah-boxce, Nos. 0 to 3, fitted with tumbler locks. Also, ? Iron cash or deed boxes, assorted Bizce. _Terms at Sale. 3883 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY, 1855. To Llvcrystable Keepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will Pell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 5*d January, 1855, at twelve o'olock, ïiObarrels prime oats,3i busliels euch,in good condition. . TernjB-CflBli, _ 3S53J Sales bv 'Auction. WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY, 1855. To Private FamilieS/Dealers, and Otheis. English Pntent Gazogènes. SYMONS and PhllllY will sell by auction, nt the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 3rd January, 1855, at twelve o'clook, l8 English patent gazogenes 4 do do do, gilt, enamelled. Terms-Cash. 3S53 .WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY, 1855. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, PubUcans, Dealers, and Others. Unreserved sale of Wines, Spirits, Ac. SYMONS and PERRY wlU soil by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 3rd January, 1855, at twelve o'clock, 20 hilda. Booth's old tom lSdoMollyneux'sdo 100 basketB champagne, 1 doz, each. 84 cai-es do ' do 100 do port wine, do 24 lilias alo 160 oases Duckworth's nie, 3 doz. each 200 do Porter's porter, do 75 do sherry, do 150 do pale brandy, 1 doz. caoh, duty paid 10 hhd. dark brandy, in bond 370 ca»es Lowndes's,oidtom,l doz. each, in bond Terms at Sale, 3:53 "WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY, 1855. To Ironmongers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Gunpowder. Gunpowder. Gunpowder. From the celebrated house Curtis and Hervey's. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednes. day, 3rd January, at twelve o'clock, 130 quarter-barrels Curtis and Hervey's Gun- powder. Consisting of Double and treble FF F Tower pi oof FFF Diamond In lots to suit purchasers. Terms at Sale. 3853 ?WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY, 1855, To LivcryBtable Keepers, Storekeepers, and Others. Bran, Oats, &o;, SYMOSS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Hales Room on Wednesday, 3rd January, 1855, at twelve o'olook, 1000 bushels new colonial bran 300 do Van Diemen's Land oats, prime sample Terms at S ule. 3853 MONDAY, 8th JANUARY. To Wine and Spirit Merchant*, Publicans, Speculators and Others. Capital Chance of Investment. The Race Course Hotel, Raleigh's Punt Road. £< YM.ONS and PERRY are lavored with instr'ic ( O tions from the owner to submit to publio com. petition, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Mon- day, 8th January, at twelve o'clock. Without any reserve whatever, All that valuable Property Bituited at the junction of the Raleigh's Punt and Paseovnlo Roads, comprising a substantial Building oi brick and stone, known as The Rnce Course Hotel, Containing, on the ground floor: Bar, 17 ieet square ; bar-parlor, 12 feet 0 inches x10 feet; tap-room, 17 feet \ 10feet; lobby, 7 feet wide; parlor, 17 leet square; kitchen, 15 feet x 10 feet. On the first floor: Four bedroomB, oaoh of spacious dimensions, and 3 others divided by foldingdoors, which v hen thrown open forma magnificent saloun or assembly- room, 52 feet 4 inches long, hnving n balcony the entire length ot the front, as well as a verandah to the ground floor; also, stables and all other necessary eomeniences, the whole of which were built under the Professional superintendence of Charles Laing, Esq., the well-known arohiteot, whose plans io, mny be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. An insurance policy for the Bum of £4400 will be handed over to the purchaser. With the hotel will be sold half an acre of land, bounded on the two Bides by main Government Roads. The hotel has a license, and is now doing a first rate business. The vendor will use every efrort in getting the licenBe transferred to the purchaser, or will pay him a rental of £G0O per annum, until such time as a better offer can be had. After which will be sold, A superior five-roomed weatherboard house, comprising sitting-room, two bed.rooms, kitchen, and dairy, recently lined, papered, and painted. With the house will be sold H acre of garden land, well stocked with fruit trees in full bearing, and a capital «op of fruit on them this season. Also, A two-roomed weatherboard house, with five Btalled stable, about three.quartcr-acre of land, facing a main Government road. Title unexceptionable. Terms liberal, declared at time of Sale. The situation of the above really valuable pro. perty is delightful in the extreme, overlooking the fertile banks of the Saltwater River for an extent of many miles, Hobson's Bay, Williams- town, and shipping. As a speculation lor a clever and active man of business, few if any oi such situations and chances of a rapid fortune are now available. Cards to view the premises may be had falso any information required) at tho rooms oi the auctioneers, or at the hotel. 3822 TO-MOllKOW To the Inhabitants of the Gardiner's Creek Road, Newly-arrived Immigrants, and Others, Unreserved Sale of Superior and really Choice Household Furnituie, at the Residence ol' Mrs, Fenwick, Gardiner's Creek Road, South Yarra. SYMONS and PERRY have been lavored with Instructions to sell by auction, on the pre. mises of Bira. Tenwiok, in consequence oi the family lea\ing for England, on Tuesday, 2nd January, at twelve o'olock, All her superior household furniture, consisting of Mahogany telescope dining tables Side tables Do cupboards Rocking chairs Easy do Carpets Hearthrugs Handsome inlaid Danish oak loo table Do do cabinet Do do table French side-tables Statuettes, medallions, by Thorswalden Wine, ale, champagne glasses Dinner service Iron bedsteads and furniture Horsehair mattresses Chest drawers Looking-glasses Plated ware Wash-stands and services Kitchen utensils 2 handsome and useful four-wheeled car- riages Double and single harness, saddles, ka. Water-oasks, poultry, garden utensils, &o.; The above will be on view one day previous to the day of Bale. Applications for cards to view to be obtained at tho auctioneers, or intending pur. chasers appljingfor admission on the premises will be admitted on Monday, 1st Jan. Terms at Sale. 38"0 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. To Wine and Spirit MerchontB, Private Families, Dealers, and Others. Very Superior A,¡>ortment of Hook Wines. SYMONS and PERRY will Bell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at twelve o'olock, 58 cases, each 1 dozen, pints and quarts, of very superior hook, comprising Lieub fraumilch, Johannisberger, Scharz. hofberger, Hases, and Assmaashauser, 8 do, do, do, do _Terms-Cash,_3870 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY, 1855. Valuable Leasehold Property Bourke-street. Bowling Saloon. SYMONS and PERRY will'submit to publio com petition, at the Commcrôial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 3rd Jan., 1855 ,at twelve o'clisok, The unexpired LeaBe, terminating Maroh 1850, of au. thoso premises known BB the Bourke-street Bowling Saloon, near the PoBt Office, now in full play,the frontage is l8 feet by a depth of 95 feet, with three excellent alleys, a handsome plate glass front, and fitted with reireshment counters, &o.; With tho promises will bo sold a quantity of furniture now in use, a catalogue of which may bs seen on application to the auctioners Over tho alley are five convenient apartments, which may be used as a boarding establishment. Terms of payment will bo made known at time of Sale._ 3095 THIS DAY. I.N.E, Matches, Evans's Ale, Cart Harness, Bi-Carbon Soda. JA. HAY will sell by publio auction, at his . rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 2nd inst, at one o'clock, 12 cases I.N.E. and assorted matches 50 do Evan's bottled ale, 4 dozen each 20 sets light cart harness 5 do double do 20 casks bi. carbonate soda _20 bags oats, 3 bushels caoh._3834 . . TO-MOKKOW. 100 Cases Van Diemen's Land Jams, JA. HAY will sell by publio auction, at his . rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 2nd Ja- nuary, 1855,atone o'clock, 1O0 cases V. D. Land jams, 3809 . To-Monnow. 100 Kegs Brandy, 60 Cases Evans's Porter. JA. HAY will sell by publio auction, at his . rooms. Queen-street, on Tuesday, 2nd Ja- nuary, 1855, at one o'clook, 100 kegs brandy, 10 galls each 50 cases Evans's porter. 3800 TO-MORROW. 420 Cases Pickles, Assorted. JA. HAY will scU by publio auction, at his . rooms. Queen-street, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at one o'clock, 420 cases Wybrow's, Batty's, and Crosse and Blackwells pickles and sauces, assorted. 3300 TO-MORROW. 50 Kegs Horse Shoes. 120 do Nails. JA. HAY will Bell by public auction, at his . rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1655, at one o'clook, 50 kegs horse shoes 120 do nails, assorted. 3300 TO-MOREOW. 10000 Red Brloks. JA. HAY will sell by nubile auction, on the . Queen's Wharf, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855\. at a quarter to eleven o'clock,! 10,000 red bricks. . " ,335) Sales by Auction. WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY, 18i5. Preliminary Advertisement. To Grocers, Storekeepers,and Others. Stock-in-Trado of an Insolvent. JA. HAY will sell by public auction, at the . stores, G1 Little Bourke street east, known as the Hod House, on Wednesday, 3rd January, 1855, at twelve o'clock, By order of the Trustees, _Tho stock-in-trade of C. Burton and Co., an in- solvent, consisting ofwir.es, spirits, and an excel, lent assortment of groceries, &c.; Particulars of which will appear next Tuesday. _»_3S51 TO-MORROW. To Livery Stnblo Keepers, Flour Merchants, ¿c. 1000 Bushels Bran, and 20 Tons Flour. A FRASER mid CO. (successors to E. Cohen, late Francis and Cohen) lmvo received in. | struotions to selV.by publio auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1S55, at eleven o'olock, 1O0O bushels bran 10 tons flour, Also, 10 tons Chilian flour. _' Terms at Sale._3315 | WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY, 1855. An Elegant Pianoforte, (Tomkisson, London). A FRASER and CO. (puccoasors to E. Cohen, . late Francis and Cohen,) havo received in structions to eell by publio auotion, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 3rd January, nt eleven o'clook, I An elegant walnut cottage pianoforte (T. i Tomkisson, maker to the Queen), OJ octaves, carved legs, French mouldin gs, metallic plate G muBic-stools Also, 2 ca*eB looking-glasses, 25 x 17, 32 x 20, 20x10.17x11. _'forms at Sale._3854 TO-MORROW. To Grocers, Country Storekeepers, and Dealers. New Year Opening and Unreserved Sale of Oi'men'a Stores, A FRASER and CO., (successors to E. Cohen, ' late Francis and Cohen), have been favored with instructions to Fell by public auction, at their rooms, 14 Collins street we,t, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at eleven o'clock, The following ohoice selection of Batty and Co.'s Oilmen's stores, 120 esses assorted pickles, pints and quarts 50 do do , bottled fruits 24 do do anchovy and bloater paste CO do superior caperB 54 elo do mustard. Lib and 1-lb 105 do do castor oil, in pints and half-pints The above are a very superior and fresh lot. Without reserve. _ Terms at Sale._3315 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. Beautiful Assortment ol' Shetland and Aberdeen Hosiery. Will bo Sold Without Reserve, to Close Acoounts. A FRASER and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, . late Francis and Cohen,) will sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, A very choice selection of hosiery goods, con. slsting oi Dark and colored Inmb's wool socks Colored real Shetland do Fine white Aberdeen knitted do Do do Sanquhar do Btripo Women's drawers, dresses, io Do silk and wool slips Men's superior Saxony do Do lambswool panta, military bands 2 to 5 girl's knit dresses childcn's tartan silk coats A large assortment of the above, as also Angola gloves and mitta Barege scarfs Napoleon cravats, satin do Patent travelling wrappers, io. _TermB at Sale._3866 THURSDAY, 4th JANUARY. To Saddlers, Boot and Shoe Makers, Fancy Dealers, j-*-. andOther3. A FRAS and CO. (sue cessora to E. Cohen, .ai late S ancis and Cohen), have received in- structions to eell by public auotion, at their rooms on Thursday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clook, 2 sets best plated on German silver har. ness, with round reins, best hard steel bit, London collar, double stitched 2 do solid brass harness, round reins and back banda, lined throughout ? 7 do do do, flat reins, do Also, 9 G pairs Bluchers, colonial-made 10 doz pairs best Wellington boots 3 pairs hunting boots 4 cases containing 114 dozen flat and round shoe brushes 42 do hat, polishing and stove do IG do rosewood, satin and white hair do 20 do ground painting do 50 do assorted brushes 33 do dressing combs, superior, assorted 10 do pocket and braid cío 5 gross side combs. The attention ol' private gentlemen is particu. larly requested to the saddlery as above. Terms at Sale. 3860 THURSDAY, áth JANUARY, 6 Superior London-built Dog Carts. To Private Gentlemen, Livery Stable Keepera, and Others. A FRASER and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, ¿A.» late Francis and Cohen) havo received in Btructiona to sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, 4th inst., at eleven o'olock, 0 very handsome and superior London built dog carts, patent axles, e-pringe, Ac, with the latest improvements. Terms at Sale. 3SGG TO-MORROW. To Flour Merchante, Country Storekeepers, and Others. 850 Bushels Bran, Prime Lot. A FRASER and CO. (successors ti E. Cohen, « late Francis and Cohen) hive been favored, with instructions to sell by publio auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 850 bushols verv superior brm. Terms at Sale. 3800 TO-MORROW. Opening and Unreserved Sale for the New Year. Attendance of Grocers and Storekeepers requested. Teas, Butter, Cheese, Pickles, Fruits. «fee. A FRASER and CO. (successors to E. Cohen, . late Francis and Cohen,) have been favored with instructions from the importers to sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 2nd January, at eleven o'clock, 200 half-chests Bouchong tea 100 kegs finest Cork butter, really prime 100 cases assorted bottled fruits 20 do white onions 130 do pint pickles 52 do raspberry vinegar, 1 pints 12 do concentrated lemonade 40 do English jams, 1 and 2 lbs. 3 do macearon! and vermicelli 50 do Wiltshire cheese 10 do INK matches 140 do superior soap, in casks. The trade will be so good as to notice the above Bale, and kindly attend. TucBdny, 2nd January. Terms at Sale. 3854 THIS DAY. Splendid Slate Bagatelle Table, by Xhurston, of London. Also the Stock-in-Trade of a Tobacconist. J LYONS and CO. will sell by publio auotion, . on the premises of Mr. Rees, tobacconist, 120 RusseU-Btreet, between Great and Little Bourke Btreets, on Monday, 1st January, 1855, at twolvo o'clock sharp, A splendid slate bagatelle board, by Thurston, of London, with cuea, balla, marking boards, all complete AUo, The stock in trade of a tobacconist, including Cigars Negrohend tobacco Fanoy oases Sticks, ennce, pipes, Ac. Terms at Sale. 3828 TO-MORROW. Extensive Unreserved Sale of 40 Cases superior Clothing, Woollen Pants, Hosiery, «to. J LYONS and CO. wiU sell by publio auction, » at the New Commercial SaleB Room, Bourke street, on Tuo'doy, 2nd inat., at twelve o'clock, 40 cases woollen good*, including 400 pairs men's shepherd's check trousers, gaiter bottoms and fly fronts Fanoy doe trousers Superfine black doe trousers, do do . Men's superior doe shooting coats: Men's alpaca and lustre coats .* Grogramand Ciroassian do Silk coats Superior regatta ehirts Men's and women's hosiery Superior panta Lnmbswoul and Guernsey frocks Moleskin trouserß, donblo stitched and tape-seamed Terms at Sale, 3835 TO-MORROW. Clearing-out Sale of Draperies. J LYONS and CO. will sell by public- auction, ? at the Now Commercial Sales Room. Bourke Btreet, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at twelve o'clook, A large variety of drapery goods, consisting of ¡shawls Bayadere robes Alpacas Silks Ticking And A variety or other superior gooda. Terms ac Sale, 3885 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Splendid Mansion, To Capitalists, Merchants, or Gentlemen Retiring from Business. JM'KAY and CO. have received instructions . from tho proprietor, to submit to publio competition, at their rooms, 17 Queen-street, on an early doy, unless disposed of privately, The large and splendid mansion called Barring, ton Lodge, situated about two miles from the City of Hobart Town, opposite the Orphan School. The whole of this valuable building is composed of freestone, and the interior finished in a superior style. The lawn in trout consists of 1 acre, beau tifuUy laid out; also 2 kitchen gardens, a spring of water in the rear, and 71 acres of fine rich land, divided into convenient paddocks. The above is well worthy the attention of gen- tlemen desirous of obtaining a pleasant, healthy, comfortable, and elegant residence ; a view oí which may bo seen, at Jue above rooms, with all other particulars, 3008 | Sales by Auction. TUESDAY, 9th JANUARY. High-prcssure Steam Engine. To Gold Miners, Manufacturers, Engineers, and Others. JM'KAY and CO. have received instructions , to sell by auction, at Mr. Lane's yard, corner of Flinders-lnne and lUng- street, on Tuesday, Oth inst,, at twelve o'clock, Without reserve, A portable horizontal high.pressura steam en- gine, 0-horso power, 71 inch cylinder, boiler, 121 iect long, 3 feet in diameter, stroke of piston, 20 inches with pulleys, borings, lend, bolts, iraming, force-pump, lead pipe, fly-wheel, and winding apparatus complete. The above will be lound very suitable for opera- tions on the gold-fields. PlanB at the above rooms, _Terms at Bale. 3380 d and b TO-MORROW. Brandy, Wines, Ale. T LORIMER and CO. will sell by public nuc O', tion, in their rooms, 8 and 10 ßourke-street west, on Tuetdny, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clook, 250 casca brandy 30 do sherry 100 dozen Port 24 hhds. ale Liqueurs, Ac, _234 jan 2 TO-MORROW. Groceries. J LORIMER and CO. will sell by public nuc. . tion, In their rooms, 8 and 10 Bourke, street west, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 80 half cheats black tea 150 coses pickles 0 do herrings, in tins 250 do bacon 30 firkins butter 2 tons CosBipore sugar 2 do coffee, io. Also, 500 bushels cracked maize Riding saddles, Ac. 335 jan 2 FRIDAY, fith JANUARY, 1855. To Hotel Keepers, Agriculturists, Speculators, and Others. J LORIMER and CO. have received positive . instructions fram the proprietor, Mr. James Finerty, to sell by public auction, in their rooms, 8 and IO Bourko-street west, on Friday, 6th Janu- ary. 1855, at twelve o'clock, The whole of. his estate, with erections thereon situate near Brighton, in the parish of Moorabbin being That spacious brick building, containing eight rooms and kitchen, situated ut the Junction of the Two Main Roads, " called the Arthur's Scat and Patterson's Roads, and known as The Dublin Hotel. Together with All the out.ofllceB, consisting of an eight-stalled stable, coach-house, hay.loft, and other offices. A large water rcEorvoir has been dug and built. The whole pround is enclosed, and can be used as a garden, being .about two acres and thirteen porches. Also about 22 acreB of land, subdivided into four farms. A portion of the land is now in crop. The re- mainder is a grasB paddock, well wooded and watered, and the whole is fenced in. The land fronts two main roads, called the Arthur's Seat Hoad, leading to the Hoads, nnd Patterson's Road, leading to Gipps Land. The Boil is a deep clay, oapable of growing the most luxuriant crops. The situation is healthy and beautiful, being little more than a mile from the Bea beach at Brighton, and commanding the view of an exton sivo and va.-ied landscape. The Brighton Railway is expected to pass within a very short distance of it. It IB close to the Catholic Chapel and Episcopal Church. To hotelkeepers the great traffic on these two important roadB will ever make the Dublin Hotel a favorite halting place, and asource ol great pro- fit to the purchaser. To agriculturists the easy distance from town, where a ready and profitable market can always be had for garden produce, must bo taken into ac- count in estimating tho value of this land. No reservo. Terms liberal, at Sale. Plans to be seen in Auctioneers' rooms, and par tioulars of title to be had from Mr. M'Farland, BoliJitor, Chancery^ane. 30Ojnn5 TO-MORROW. House and Land, dclightlully situated at St. Kilda. JR. TIMBURY and CO. have received in o struotionstooflcrfor public competition, on the premises, (situateon the road next to Octavius Browne's, nnd in the best part of St. Kilda,) on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at eleven o'clock, A tastefully arranged six-roomed cottngc and out-offices, standing on land 35 feet by 93 feet. The cottage contains On the ground floor 4 rooms On the first floor 2 rooina Attached to the cottage is a large kitchen nnd a servant's room, and in the yard a two-stalled Btable and gig house, The Cottage is built of galvanised iron, and is lined throughout with Baltic boards. In the ar- rangements for the ventilation ef this houeo, par tioular caro haB been taken to ensure coolness, and it will be found that the measures adopted hove been quite succcssful. No expense has hcen Bparcd in rendering it as complete ns possible, and in finishing it in such a style, ns should attract the attention of gentlemen requiring a well arranged residence, Also, An allotment of land joining the above, 39 feet frontage, with adopth of 98 ieet, fcDccd in, and now laid out as a flower garden, which is available either for its present purpose or for a building allotment. The above property is in tho immediate neigh, borhood of t!,e residences of Messrs. M'Cullooh, M.L.C , F. E. Beaver, M.L.O., Bell and Co., and lias always been considered a favorable part of the village of St Kilda. The sale wUl take place on the ground, at cloven o'clock, exact time, Terms Liberal. 3314 TO-MORROW. To Grocers, Wine and Spirit Merchants," und Others. JR.. TIMBURY and CO. will sell by auction, . nt their rooms, 33 Flinders-lane wcBt, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, nt one o'clock. Brandy, sherry, gin, Barclay's por cr, Belgium hops, pepper, beol, herrings, sugar, tico, Ac. Together with a nvtsceUanoouB_collection of mer. ohondise, to cloce accounts. Terms at Sale. 3304 FRIDAY, 12 th JANUARY. By Order of the Hon. the Collector of Customs, Overtime Goods, at Nicholson's Bonded Ware- house. JR. TIMBURY and CO. will Bell, at the . above Bonded Stores, on Friday, 12th January, at one o'clock, AU the overtime goods enumerated in the Government Gazette of 12th Deoemb r. 3253 mth TO-MORROW. -- Unreserved Sale of General Ironmongery, Timber, Household Furniture, Poultry and Pigs, Goats, Ac., in Prahran. PDA VIS and CO. have received instructions . from Mr. J. I". Smith to sell by auction, on his premises, Chapel-strcet, Prahran, close to the Prahran Hotel, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1855, at eleven o'clook, A large and varied assortment of general ironmongery Also, * 2500 palings 300 doors The whole of his household furniture, compris- ing everything requisite for a family, 50 fowls 2 pigs 2 goats The publio are invited to attend, as the goods wiU positively be sold to the highest bidder. Terms at Sale. 3770 THURSDAY, 4th JANUARY, 1855. Unreserved Clearing.out Sale of the remainder of the Stock-in-Trade of the largest Paperhangcr, Painter, Ac, in Melbourne, P DAVIS and CO. have received instructions « from Mr. Clark, painter, Ac, to Bell by auc tion, on his premises, Collins stieet eaBt, opposite the Mechanic»' Institute, on Thursday, 4th January, 1855, at eleven o'clock, The remainder of his well-selccted Stock-in Trade, comprising Paperhangings Plate glass Colored and ornamental glass Chrome yellow Prussian blue Sienna Vandyke brown Burnt Turkey umber Vermilllon Smalts Fine greens, dry Large weighing-machine 2 large metal tanka Ladders, plankf, &o.; And A quantity ol'various articles. 3810 THIS DAY. Ryan v. Stones. TAKE NOTICE, the Household Furniture and Effects will bo sold by publio auction, on the premises, Bituatcd in Stuart- street, back of the Farmers' ArmB.Swanston-street north, on Monday, 1st inst., at eleven o'clock, Under a Warrant ci Distraint for Rent. C. H. HEIBR, Builiir, next County Court. 370 WEDNESDAY, lOlh JANUARY, 1805. Sheen and Station lor Sale. CAMPBELL and CO. have received instruc _\ tiona from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their rooiuB, 31 Collins-Btreet weBt, on Wcdncs 10th Jnnuary.1855, That splendid Station known ns Gringegalgona Bryant's Creek, equidistant Irom Portland and Port Fairy, 75 milos, containing 00,000 acres, and estimated by Government to carry 00,000 sheep. There is at present depasturing on the station from 22,000 to 23,000 sheep, about COOOof which are fit for the butcher. Also, about 500 head of cattle, from 3000 to 4000 lambs, 2 horses, 1 team of 8 buUocks, with dray and gear, will be given in. The furniture, which is very good, to be taken at a valuation, and the stores at cost price, with car ringo added. The station is woU watered and grassed at all seasons, and is well adapted for a cattle run. The improvements consist of a comfortable dwel. llng-heuse, now wool shed and screw prcBS, large gardens well stooked -with trees, two cultivation paddocks, out stations, Ac. ; and all implements will be given in. For terms (whioh are very liberal), and further particulars, apply 80 pfcove, or to Air. J>wi», Gee,, long. 207 jan 1W D, Sales by Auction. WEDNESDAY, 17th JANUARY. . D CAMPBELL will sell, at Mrs. Sinclair's Farm, . Rosehill,on tho Saltwater River, on Wed ncsday, 17th inat, at eleven o'clock, 1 stack of hay, about 55 tons 1 do. of hay, about 35 tons 1 Btnnll stack of wheat 6 draught horses, with harness complete 1 milch cow 1 dog cart Farming implements, consisting of hay drayp, ploughs, harroWB, horse rake, roller, Ac., all in goad condition The auctioneer can with the utmost confidence recommend the horso stock aa firat rate, Terms at Sale. _53 d and b Jan 1 . TUESDAY, 30th JANUARY, 1855. Valunble Pastoral Propertiea. Gobbagomblin Station, On the Murrumbidgee Uiver, nbout H miles irom Wagga Wagga, together with 6683 Sheep and 1200 Head of Cattle. North and South Childowhih Stations, On tho Murrumbidgee Uiver, about 20 miles from Yass and 20 from Gundagai, together with about 2158 Sheep with eaoh Station. Also About 5027 Sheep, now running nt Bolong, deli- verable either there or at Gobbagomblin. MORT und CO. havo received instruction from the devisees under the will of tho late John Thorne, Esq., to sell by public auction, at the rooms, Pitt-strcet, Sydney, on TueEday, 30th Jnnuary, 1855, nt cloven o'clock, The undermentioned first class pastoral proper- ties, situate on the Murrumbidgee Uiver : Loti. The beautiful station known as Gobbagomblin, Situate on the Murrumbidgee River, nbout a milo and a half from the post town of Wagga Wagga, and about equi-diatunt from Melbourne and Sydney, Havlngconsicicrnblefrontnge to the Murrumbidgee River, and alao watered by a creek flowing through tho run and several largo lagoons . It is bounded on the east by Mr. Taylor's run, Unandareena, and on tho west by Mr. Jenkins's run.Tooval. The country consists of W ell-grassed Large Plains And Open Forest. The improvements comprise Huts Stores Woolshed Large stockyard, capable of holding 1000 henel of c.ittlc. With this fine station will be sold the following sheep and cattle : 1290 ewes, 4 years 1100 do, aged 500 wethers, fat 135S hoggeta 2210 lambs 72 rams 0680 sheep, moro or less. 10OT to 1200 head of well-bred cattle, th^dratts from which havo been inconsiderable for some years past, thus leaving a largo avcruge of Full-grown Marketable Cattle, This iB really one oil he most choice properties on the Murrumbidgee, its grazing capabilities and pasture being ot a high order. The position, close to a post town, securing easy and rapid communication, and being also about midway between the metropolitan cities of this and the sister colonies, rendering it very eligible as a depot tor stock for the different markets, tho extensive river frontage (about nine miles), together with its unlimited back run of fine fat- tening country, all combine to make it n most de- sirable pastoral property, and one well worthy of notice, Catarrh or scab has never been known at Gob bngomblin, and no other station on the Murrum- bidgee is so lree from foot root. Lot 2. Consists of tho following fine-woolled sheep, perfectly sound, and ia good condition, now run- ning at Bolong, about 45 miles from ejoulburn, and deliverable cither there or at Gobbngoinolin. 1300 eweB, about 2 years 1300 wethers, do 1700 ewea, 4 years to aged 1317 hoggets 5027 sheep, more or less, with lambs. (Number of which will appear in a future ad- vertisement.) Lot 3. Childowhah Station, North, is situated on the north bank of the Murrumbidgee River, in the Lachlan District, having about 7 miles river front, ago, with about 4 miles well-watered and grassed back run and is estimated to carry GOO bend of cattle. It is elistant from YnBS about 20 miles, and about 50 miles from Gundagai. With the run will be sold tlio following stock 550 wethers. 3 and 4 years 550 mixed sheep, from yearlings 550 dry ewes 500 do, and hoggeta 2150 sheep, more or less. Tho improvements on this station consist of a good four-roomed hut, BmaU wheat paddock, and a largo grass paddock. Lot 4. Childowhah Station South, is situate on the south bank of the Murrumbidgee River, in the Tumut District, opposite tho station, Lot 3, having about the same river irontage, depth, and capabilities. Tho same number of Etock, similarly classed, will be sold with it. Tho improvements comprise a hut, yard, and wheat paddock. The sheep sold with North and South Childow- hah. will be delivered at Yass, Gunning, or on the Stations. Possession of the whole of the above properties to bo given on the 1st April next. Terms at Sale. 3584 m w d th b AVEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. 30 Uhds. of Ale. A G. M'COMBE windell by auction, in hia CX.' rooms, CollinB.fct.eet, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 3rd inst, at eleven o'olock, 30 hhds, ale. To olsso accounts. Ko reserve. _3860 WEDNESDAY 3rd JANUARY. Itaisins. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his . rooms, Collins.street, next the tlank of Aus tralasia.'on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, An assortment of raisins. No reserve. 3800 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. Linen Raga, Gunnies, Ac, AG. M'COMUE will sell by auction, in his , rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 3rd inst,, at eleven o'clock, Linen bags, gunny bags, Ac. _Full particulars at sale. 3809 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY^ J oiners' Tools and Ironmongery, AG. M'CONBE will sell byauotlon, in his t rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Aus- tralasia, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clook, A large astortment of Joiners' toola Ironmongery Cutlery Horse shoes, Ac. _No reserve._3809 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. Hosiery, Mattresses, Bed Tiokings, Ac. AG. M'COMBE will soil by auction, in his . rooms, Collins-strcet, next tkcBanlc of Aus tralaeia, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'olock, C in diamond, F over, M under 260 1 case 250 mattress and pillow cases 269 1 case 200 do do 289 1 case 300 pUlow cases 203 1 cr.se 100 do do 204 1 case-, 150 grey gooBO pillows 1 case hosiery No reserve. 3809 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. 5 Bales Grey Sheeting, AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his . rooms, Collins-street, next tho Bank oi Aus- tralasia, on Wednesday, 3rd inst, at eleven o'clock, WM 110.-20 pieces, 1522 yards, 40 inch grey domes- tics \ 12.-20 pieces, 15101 yards, do \ 14.-20 pieces, 1511 yards, do \ 15.-20 pieces, 15101 yards, do \ 20.-20 pieces, 151H yards, do, Full particulars at Sale. 3SC0 TO-MORROW. " ~" To 81 ail Contractors and Buss Proprietors. M'CAW and ANSLOW have been instructed by Mr. Th >s. Stephens to Beilby public auction, at their yards, Bourlte-strcct, on Tuesday, 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, 20 single and double harness horses. Mr. Stephen s's horses are so well known that there is no occasion to recommend thom to the favorable notice of the public. Thoy aro all tho- roughly guaranteed, and therefore well adopted to suit the requirements of any ono in want of gig or carriage horses. 3882 WEDNESDAY. 3rd JANUARY. CRITCHLEY and BANKS will Bell by auction, on Wednesday, 3rd inst,, at two o'olock prompt, The remainder of the type of the Banner Oflloe, previously sold, which, if not cleared before that time, will be posi- tively sold for cash at tho fall ol the hammer. Particulars at the office of the Banner, and auctioneers', 47 Chancery-lane. _245 jan 3 '! TO-MORROW. WHITELAW and CALDER will sell by auc- tion, at their rooms, comer oi'Elizaboth and Bourke streets, on Tuesday, 2nd January, 1B55, 1 acre of land, with n two-roomed weather boarded house, 20 feet by 10 feet, situated on the Sydney-road, near the Retreat Inn, Brunswick. Also, at the game place, 1 allotment of building ground, having ia front- age of iQ feet to Ovcns- street, by a depth of 132 feet, Terms at Sale, SOS jan 2 I Sales by.Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Extensivo and Important Sale Thorough-bred Stock Draught do Bullocks, cows, sheep, pigs, Ac. And the Lease of Four Splendid b arms, with Ag- ricultural Implements. Dairy Utensils, Ao, the a: E , - -,-.,-public competition, in January next, Hie whole of that gentleman's thorough-bred Stook, oonsUtlng of that well- known rn-ohorsa Cossack, bred by Thomas Icely, Esq. Young Cossack, do Woolloomooloo Western AustraUav Thorough-bred marcs (25 in foal to CoBsack) Two. year old colts and ÜMeg Yearling colt, by Cossack With a great number, by some of the best hortes in the colony. Draught Stock. Ono splendid draught entire, Young Glenelg, 2 years old, bred by Mr. Hos kinson, of Windsor Draught colts and fillies, and working horses Cattle. A number of young cattle, all got by an imported Durham bull 25 miloh cows and calves A large number of pigs 100O well bred aheep Farm Produce. About 1500 bushels of wheat Stacks ol primo hay, Ac. Also, The lease of four excellent farms, situa ted within twenty.eight miles ot Sydney, viz.: Walgrovo Lukin Park Campbell Hill Shady Island, together with all the farming implements, dairy utensils, carts, drnys, ploughs, harness, Ac Catalogues of the above ore in prepaiation, and every information can be obtained by application to the auctioneer, Bazaar, Pitt. Btrcet, Sydney, or the proprietor, at Walgrovo. The auctioneer, in oalllng the attention of the publio generally to this really important sale, ' begs to state thnt Mr. RobertB' stud of thorough, bred horses is not to bo Bitrnassed in either of the colonies. For many years past Mr. Roberts has spared no expense in improving and adding to his stud the best blood procurable. To breeders this sale ollera an opportunity which seldom occurs of supplying themselvos with every doeoriptisn of thorough-bred stock of the purest description. N.B.-The whole is to be sold without the slightest reserve, as the proprietor, by the advice of his physician, is about leaving the colony for the benefit of his health. 3509 m tli jan 1 HORSES. HORSES. HORSES. ROW and CO. havo for sale, deUverable at Keilor, 170 head of horses, suitable for heavy draught, coaching, and first-class hacks. The above are the progeny of the very best imported horses, and havo been selected from one of the most celebrated studs in the Maneroo distriot, and the auctioneers can confidently re- commend them to parties requiring first- olass stook. Early application ia required, and approved bills at 3 and 0 months will be taken from parties purchasing any quantity, say ten, or moro. _1012 c MONDAY, 8th JANUARY. Valuable Fieehold Hotel and Land, in the Town- ship of Elphinstone, By Order of tho Mortgagees. SCOTT, WALKER and CO. wfll sell by auction, at their rooms (lately those extensivo premises in the occupation of Mcfcsrs, Thomson and Duncan) Bourke.street, on Monday, 8th inst., at twelve o'clock, That very dcslrnblo freehold hotel, situate in the Township of Elphinstone, and known by tho sign of tho Specimen Hotel, Together with stables and outhouses ; the whole standing on an area of 30 acres 1 rood io perches. Parties in quest of n country hotel, should not loose sight of thepresentopportunity of supplying their wants. Elphinstone being a rapidly rising township, nnd on the direct line of road to the principal gold-fields. For further particulars and torms ol Bale, apply to Messrs. Head and Gill, soUcitors, or the Auctioneers._3308 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. To Drapers, Clothiers, and Shopkeepers of Mel bou» ne, Geelong, and Townships in the Interior. l8 Cases Seasonable Goods. HOPKINS and BANKS (W. D. BankB late with Messrs. W. M. Tennent and Co.) have been favored with instructions from the importer to sell by auction, at their rooms, 87 Colllns-Btreet west, next Messrs. D, S. Campbell and Co.'s, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., nt eleven o'clock, 2 cases ladies' and children's printed de. laine and regatta dresses, pinafores, chemises, Ac, 1 case lnmbswosl half hose, Scotch made ; white cotton hose, drawers, and shirts 5 do dress caps, head dresses, white and black lace bonnets, Bun.Bhadcs. Dun- stable bonnets, women's iancy Swiss trimmed do 2 do black crapo collars, embroidered, breakfast habits, braided and laced col lars, babis' wrappers, ladioB' drawers, chemises,petticoats, black laced sleeves 1 do linen cambric handkerchiefs, ladies' and gents' 1 do gingham and 3ilk umbrellno, assorted sizes 2 do Cambridge, Oxonian, fancy, re- gatta, and Tweed jean shirts 4 do trowsers, vests, coats and jackets, as- sorted, suits light Tweed, coats, vests, and trousers 3885 WEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. To Haberdashers, Drapers, and Others, I 1 Case Parasols, AsserteeL , HOPKINS and BANKS have received instruc- tions to sell by auotion, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, 1 case containingcarringeparasols,workeel bono handles, fancy bone, watered silk, glace do. _Terms at Sale._3885 THIS DAY. CRAIG and O'GRADY will sell by auction, at their rooms, 20 Collins-stecet west, on Monday, 1st im t., at eleven o'clock, 3 casks hams 6 firkins butter 1 cask loaf sugar . 20 oases Barclay and Perkins's stout, 4 doz. each 15 do do ale, do_3871 TUESDAY, AVEDNESDAY and THURSDAY the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th January, 1855. Important Sale ol City, Suburban, and Country Properties, CRAIG and O'GRADY have the honor of an- nouncing to the public of Victoria, that they will sell by public auction, at their rooms, 20 Col llns.street weat, on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday next, commencing each day at olevcn o'olock, A quantity oi city, suburban, and country Pro. perties, which will be found well worthy the at- tention of freehold land societies, capitalists, ape culators, mechanics, im mers, market gardeners, and others, and will bo sold in the following order: Tuesday, 2nd January. 2 brick houses, in King-street, Mel- bourne 1 wooden IIOUBO, three rooms, Quecnsberry street, North Melbourne 0 allotments, in North Melbourne, nenr the Benevolent Asylum 25 allotments, in the Government Town- ship of Footscray, near the Saltwater Uiver 25 allotments, in Footscray, adjoining the Railway Station 15 farms, 7 acres each, near Dandenong Township Wednesday, 3rd January. 2 cottages, two rooms each, opposite the Royal Georgo Hotel, Chapel-Btreet, Prahran 2 valuable allotments, near the Junction Hotel, Windsor 2 twenty-acre farmi, on tho Ballaarat Road, about twelve milCB lrom Mel- bourne 1 seventy-two acre farm, with one milo frontage to the main (three chains .wide) Ballaarat Road; splendid agri- cultural land 10 allotments in the Government township of Footscray, near the Railwuy Station and the river Thursday, 4th January. 0 acres ot land in Albion (two fenced in) with bluestone houao ol' five rooms, five miles from town G72 acres (in one lot), being seotion 27, in tho parish of Derrimut, with one and a half milo frontage to tho Kororoit Creek, and one milo i'rontago to the Ballaarat Road, and subject to a mort- gage ol ¿3000, at the low intereat of tí per cent, per annum 10 ton-acre iorma in the parish of Bulla Hulla, with a frontage to the main Mount Alexander road, l8 miles from town Farm oi CO acres on the Dandenong road, ten milea from Melbourne ; rich agri cultural Boil, and timbered with box and gum 20 tcn-norj farina, near the Government township of Frankatone Craig and O'Grady, In bringing the above im Eortant properties bclbie the notico of the public, eg to stato that nn opportunity is now oflered to the industrious larmer, market gardenerv and others wishing to possess a fieehold within an easy distance of Melbourne, at a cheap rate and on easy terme, whioh moy never again bo met with in the colony of Victoria. And to those who may not have an opportunity of inspecting tho different propcrtica previous to sale, the auctioneers will give a true report ol' each lot previous to offering the eame for sale; and if not found as described, tho money paid, with the expenses, will be re- turned to each purchaser, v.ithin fourteen days from the day of cale. Titles to all the Properties Guaranteed. Terms at Sale, which will be very Liberal. Refreshments Provided Each Day. Further particulars and plans can bo had at the rooms of the auctioneers._3¡»2jan 3 AVEDNESDAY, 3rd JANUARY. ' G ALEXANDER and CO. will sell by auotion, L at their rooms, 90 Elizabeth-street, on Wed- nesday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, sharp, For the benefit of whom It may concern. 10 dozen cotton diaper towels 150 ostrich feathers, dressed 3-dccker muslin dresses 3 do visitcB Without the slightest reserve. j 107 jas I Sales by Auction, THIS DAY. BARFOOT and GILLBEK will Beilby auction, at their rooms, Qucen-street, next Bear and Son's, on Monday, 1st inst., at .eleven o'olook sharp, ' '" ? - - 300 jars jams, nssorted,50 doz bottled frqitB,as- sorted. 400 barrels prime mess bee! and pork, 00 casks first class English hams, 5 casks shoulders, 00 cases bacon, 30 tinB Cheshire) cheese, 300 tins Yarmouth bloaters, 000 jars 'potted herrings, 400 barrels red'do ,200 barrels white do. C1) doz. ear dines, 80 doz, anchovies, 30 barrels Capo salmon, 800 ;tins skate, 160 rolls spiced meat, 20 kegs butter, 000 doz. pickles, a«sorted, capers, and olives, 300 bags fresh-ground coffee nnd pepper, 00 boxes prunes, 180 baga walnuts, 3C0 boxes Turkey Aga and bloom apd pudding raisins, 4 tona washing 8oda,2owt.8ahvratuSjl2 to na Chilian flour, 3 tona po- tatoes, 3 owt, tartaño acid, 4 owt. carbonate soda, 30 cwt. honeydew tobacco, . 00 boxes pipes, Shears, hobbles,"hnrnos3, whips, and boot», GO plecea linen, 200 doz, bottled nie, 620 Martcll's on c1 other cases brandies, 700 kegs brandy, old tom, gin, whiskey, rum, 400 tins confectionery, 300 tins apice-nUs, the whole in lota to auit purchasers. 140 FOR c»Uno.-To Sail on or about the 1st January, m0 fine ship ELIZABETH, Captain' Erwin. The first cabin accommodations of trjis ve BSOJ are very superior, and wusthy the inspection of par ties proceeding to the west (¡oast. For freight or passage appw te Captain Erwin, on board ¡or to BRIGHT BROittERS and CO. ogents._1010 alt o FOR Madras.-The fine A 1 barque JANE FRANCES, Captain Rose, will sail for tho above port en or about the 28th instant. The cabin accommodations of this vessel ara spacious, airy, and well fitted, thus offering a most deairableop-'"-"? Forf ' board, ...___. - " . , agents, _ 1017 alt o OUS,tury, mm wen jmuu, WIUH uuuuiig ttiuusb able opportunity to pnEsengera. r freight or passage apply to the Captain on d, or to BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO. A GENTLEMAN of many years' colonial expe- rience is desirous of obtaining a Situation as Managor of a largo herd of Cattle or Sheep Establishment; the most satisfactory reference can bo given BB to capability. Direot to Messrs. Purcell andDougharty,Lonsdale-streot west, Mel. bourne. 210 jan 11 alt ES1" Pentridge^ Five miles from town, on the Sydney-road. The remainder of the Farms and Frontages are now on Sale by private contract on the moat liberal terms, at the offlje of A. E. Wheatley, corner of Marl-et-square. _110 tajan28 ANTON INSURANCE OFFICE. - Notice is hereby given hat the undorsigncd havo been appointed agents for the aboveCompnny, and have received instructions to issue Policies on specie, produce, or freights, not exceeding in anyono 1 veasel £2O,0CO on specie, and £15,e)00 on produce and freight from Sydney or Melbourne to Great Britain. India, and China, and also to take inter- colonial rieles. The policies will be made payable, in case of loss, i at the option of the asBured, as under: ', In China, by Messrs. Jardine, Matheson, and Co. London, by Mesara. Matheson, and Co. Calcutta, by McBsrs. Jardine, Skinner, and Co. Bombay, by Measrs. Remington, and Co. Manila, by Messrs. B. A. Barretto and Co. Singapore, by Messrs. John Purvis and Co. And In Sydney by the undersigned. 1 Rates of premium per cent, by first-class vessclB (free from average unless general). FKOM SrnNtï, To Gt.BrItnIn...2per cent I To Java.2 per cení China.2i " Ceylon.2 " Singapore ...2 " I Mauritius "2 " Manila.21 " I California.^ " India".2J ,, I 8. Amerioa2 " To the Cape of Good Hope, 2 per cent. To on Fnou STISEY. per cent. per cent. loPortPhiUip ... li To Auckland ... li Do. por steamer ... i Port Nicholson 2 Adelaide ... H Nelson.2Í Swan River ... 2i Port Cooper ... Launceston ... 11 Port Otago ... Hobart Town ... H N.B.-Goods insured with particular average1 from i to J per cent extra. THACKER and CO., agents, in Sydney. Applications for insurance from Melbourne addressed to Mesara. BRIGHT BROTHERS CO., Melbourne._1030 t th B 0 /GOVERNMENT TENDKR.-Tenders will bo \Jf received until eleven o'clook on Tuesdoy, the 0th January, for enclosing the present founda- tions and clearing out, Ac, at No. 2 Guaging Shed, Queen's Wharf. ... . . ., " Plans and specification may be seen at tho Colonial Engineer's Office, Melbourne. Tenders to be endorsee! " Tender for Improve- ments, No, 2 Guaging Shed, Queen's Wharf," and addressed, prepaid, to the Chairman of the Ten- der Boord, Melbourne. ... _. No tender wiH be entertained unless accom- panied by the names of two responsible parties willing to enter into a bond ior the due ful- filment of the contract. The decision of the Government will bo made known ontho 10th JMT^ c pASLEy> Colonial Engineer's Otlioo, Melbourne, 20th December, 1854 3718 jan 0 alt f^i OVERNMENT TENDER.-Tenders Will bo re. VDT cclved until eleven o'clock on Tuesday, the 9th January, 1855, for the Ereotion of Tw Wooden Bheds at the Powder Magazine, Mel. bourne. Plans and Specification may be seen at the Co. lonial Engineer's Office, Melbourne. Tenders to be endorsed " Tender for Sheds at the Powder Magazine,»and addressed, prepaid.to the Chairman ol the Tender Board, Melbourne. No tender will be entertained unless accom- panied by tho names of two responsible parties willing to enter into a bond for the due fulfilment of the contract. The decision of the Government wiU bo made known on the 10th January. (Signed) C. PASLEY, Colonial Engineer's Office, Melbourne, 26th December, 1854. 3719 jan 9 alt GOVERNMENT TENDER.-Tenders will bo received untill eleven o'clock on Tuesday; thcOthJanunry, 1855, for the erection of a new Post Odlce at Geelong. Plana and specifications may be seen at the Colonial Engineer's office, Melbourne; and at the office of the Clerk of Works, Geelong. Tenders to be endorsed "Tender for new Post Ofllce, Geelong," and addressed, .prepaid, to the Chairman oi the Tender Board, Melbourne. No Tender will bo entertained unlesB accompa- nied by the names of two responsible parties wil- ling to enter into a bond for the due fulfilment of the contract. The deoision of the Government will be made known on the 23rd January, 1855. (Signed,) C. PASLEY. Colonial Engineer's Office, Melbourne, Oth November, 1855. 3300jan0alt G~ OVERNMENT TENDER.-Colonial Engineer'" Ofllce, Oth November, 1854.-Tenders will be received until eleven o'clock on Tuesday, the Oth January, 1855, for the Erection of a New Custom House at Geelong. Flans and spécifications may be seen at the Colonial Engineer's Ofllce, Melbourne, and at the . ofllce of tho Clerk of Works, Geelong. Tenders to be endorsed "Tender for New Custom House, Geelong, and addressed (prepaid) to the Chairman of the Tender Board, Melbourne. No tender will bo entertained unless accom- panied by the names or two responsible parties willing to enter into a bond for the due fulfilment of the contract. The decision of the Government will be made known on the 23rd January, 1855. 3305jan0alt (Signed) C. PASLEY. GOVERNMENT Tender,-Tenders will be re- ceived until eleven o'clock, on TueBday, the 9th January, 1855, for tho ereotion of a new Su- premo Court House, at Geelong. Plans and specification may be seen at the Colo- nial Engineer's Office, Melbourne, and at the office of tho Clerk of Works, Geelong. Tenders to be endorsed, " Tenders for Now Su- preme Court House, Geelong," and addressed, pre« \- paid, to the Chairman ol' the Tender Board, Mel- bourne. No tender will be entertained unlesB accompa- nied by the names of two responsible parties willing to enter into a bond for the due fulfilment of the contract. The decision of tho Government will be made known on the 23rd January, 1855. (Signed) C. PASLEY. Colonial Engineer's Ofllce, Melbourne, 27th December, 1854. 3757 jan 9 alt FLEMINGTON TOLLS.-Tenders will bo re- ceived until eleven o'clock on Fridav, the 5th January proximo, for Renting the Tolls au- thorised to be collected at the Flemington Toll- gate from the 10th January to the 30th June proximo, according to terms and conditions to be seen at the Central Road Board Office, Little Bourke.Btreet wcBt. Tenders to be endorsed, " Tender for Renting Flemington Toll-gate," and lorwnrded, prepaid, to the President of the Central Road Bonrd,Mel. bourne, Each tenderer to mention the names and residences of two responsible persons who are willing to become his Burolies. The board will not necessarily aocept the highest any tender._3758 jon Oalt KOYAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF LIVER- POOL and LONDON. Capital, £2,000,000 sterling. Paid up Capital, £270,000. The amount ol' the capital of this Company, the well known character ot its Directors, the high respectability of its Proprietors, and the standing which it takes among the largo Insurance Estab- lishments of the British Empire, enable it to rank -with the most eligible Offices now in exist- ence, cither;in Europe or elsewhere, with reBpcct to the advantages offered to the public The undersigned having been oppolntcd the) agents of this institution in Melbourne, aro pre- pared to issue Fire and Life FoUcies at moderato rates of premiums. B1UGUT, BROTHERS, and CO. 10111 til B C W11. H. ROBERTSON, Family Wine and Spirit Merchant, 0 Swanston.street.-List of prices : Martell's Brandy, 25s. per gallon ; do. fine old do., 27s. : Jamaica Rum, 18a.; Whiskey, 10s. ; Geneva, 1-dozen case, 30s, : Old Tom, 60s. ; Cognao, 30s. to 50B. : good Port, 30s. ; fine old do., 34s. to 42e.; Sherry (light dinner), 24s. ; do. superior, 30s. to 42s. ; Claret, 20s. to 35s. ; Champagne, 45s. to 55s. : bottled Ale and Porter, 15s. dozen ; Ginger Wine, 20s. dozen, Draught Ale, 5-goll. casks, 4s, ; do, London Porter, 4s. Terms-Cash, delivered free of charge to any part of the city._Ï70jan0alt OATS, V. D. L., SOO bushels, prime sample, landed ex Don Pedro 2nd, from Hobart Town, on sale, by Robertson, and Stevenson, 200 Bourke, street east, 325 Jan 4 alt 