SCHOOL OF ARTS. LAST evening, Dr. J. Berncastle gave a very interesting a lecture on " China and the Chinese," in the theatre of this institution, every part of which was crowded. We regret want of space will not allow us to give a full report of this lecture; but the following outline will give an idea of the many interesting topics very ably touched on by the lecturer. In introducing the subject, he said he had no intention of going into the religious or political affairs of the Chinese which might be daily read of in books, but he would rather confine himself to those topics relative to their habits and customs which would be found more interesting and less tedious to his audience, and of which he could give a fair notion, seeing he had dwelt amongst the Chinese for nearly twelve months, during which time he had seen much-after same considerable perseverance, owing to the many difficulties thrown in the way of all Europeans who visited that quarter of the globe. He would give an account of Canton, and that might be received as an account of any and every city in China. Canton, he said, was approached by a river little wider than the Thames at London, and when some distance from the city it was necessary to obtain a kind of pass called a " Chop" before proceeding further on the journey, when in the Chouchou'water vessels generally met with a sort of eddy caused by rocks or islands under the water, which would turn a ship going at ten miles an hour completely round, and cause much danger and trouble ; the first place of note the vessel arrived at WAS Whampoa, which bore the same relation to China as Gravesend did to London, and Europeans are not allowed on shore there, but have a very fair opportunity when lying at anchor of seeing the habits and customs of the people. In describing Canton he said that it contained about one million of inhabitants, and was interdicted to Europeans, no one being allowed to enter within its walls ; without those walls were the " Factories," where European merchants lived and where there now was erected four flagstaffs, bearing the colours of the English, American, Danish, and French, opposite which was stationed the European men-of-war. The only view of the interior of Canton that could be obtained was through the gates, and although by treaty English- men were entitled to enter, the authorities say they will not answer for the safety of the life of any European who enters the gates of the city. The streets of the city varied from three to ten feet, and were paved with granite crosswise; the only conveyance used for passengers was the sedan chair, and all goods, such as tea, c, were carried on poles by Coolies. None but the lower order of women ever showed themselves in the streets, and the men always looked somewhat impudent, as they always stated very hard at everybody. If an European went among the factories, he was well received, because it was expected he was there with a pocketful of money to lay out ; but if they got a short distance away, they were followed by a mob of men and boys, who threw stones, and shouted, Not far qui" (kill the foreign devil) The people, amongst themselves, were very well behaved ; there was no quarrelling, and in drunkenness all their hatred was towards foreigners. He had once, at great risk, gone all round the city, and on mounting a hill he had an excellent view of the city, on which occasion he saw a funeral of some wealthy individual. It was " a grand procession ; first came is a body of men playing instruments much resembling bagpipes; then the coffin (which was always made previous to the death of its occupier out of a solid piece of wood ; then came roast pork, pastry, and other dainties, carried in sedan chairs (which was buried with the body and then the mourners dressed ; while there was also an aquatic population of an inferior race, numbering about 250,000, who lived in boats somewhat resembling Noah's ark. There were also flower boats, in which wealthy people gave dinners, as they never gave feasts on shore. The markets were well supplied, and provisions were very cheap amongst other dainties were to be found puppies and kittens ; all dead bodies, were buried without the city the poorer classes had no graves, but were laid under hedges, and a few coppers deposited with them. The execution ground, where every other day thirty or forty individuals had their heads chopped off for trifling offences, was also outside the city. Women were not beheaded, but were strangled for parricide and other diabolical offences criminals were cut into pieces varying from 8 to 64, according to the enormity of the crime. He then touched on the cruel system of cramping up the feet of female children saying, that up to the age of five or six years they were perpetually crying; after that time they became used to it, and when women, they were unable to walk, and were carried about on the backs of women whose fortunate lot it was to be plebeians, and had consequently not been crippled. Various surmises, existed as to the necessity for this operation-some said it was to prevent them from running away from, their husbands ; but the general idea was that it was looked on as tending towards the beautifying of these ladies. The single women, he said, wore their hair twisted into a tail, while the married ones twisted it into a knot on the top of their heads, skewered up by a silver pin. He then instanced their economy and ingenuity, pointing out the strange fact, that the razor they use, and which was used generally in the open streets, was a most primitive affair, whilst their ivory carving was most chaste and beautiful. Spanish dollars were the only coin current, with the exception of their copper coins. Every individual stamped every dollar which passed through my hands, and so they became stamped all over, and were then called chop dollars, hence they called persons whose faces were marked by small pox " chop-dollar faced." They had also a small sort of ivory steelyard which they all carried, with which they weighed every dollar which came in their possession. There were also several articles of food peculiar to the Chinese one of which was the edible of a certain bird's nest' which was deemed by them a great luxury, and were worth twice their weight of silver, but rice was then standing food. Before meals they always propitiated their gods by letting off crackers, Sec. The soy which it had been said was made from cockroaches, was made from a pea which was allowed to ferment with salt. He then noticed the beauty of the Hongue gardens, and the fact that five gentlemen who were in the habit of going up the river and taking a walk some three years ago, were beaten to death by the Chinese with bad boys. The people of Whampoa he said were very much more hospitable, and would invite strangers as they passed to come in and take tea, which was always ready, and whenever the Chinamen went out, a boy accompanied them carrying the tea-pot. Piracy was carried on to a great extent, and when the Chinese men-of-war were sent to attack the pirates they were bribed, and it was necessary to send the English ships who would disperse the pirates, and the Chinamen then took the credit of having done it. The only guard at Canton gates was a man, who was accommodated with a chair, and whose bow and arrow might be seen in a corner covered with cobwebs. It was a common idea that infanticide existed to a great extent, but the fact was that the poor were at liberty to sell their children, and in the event of their not finding a purchaser, they occasionally killed them. Parents exercised very severe discipline in their families and sometimes punished them by death. They were very temperate, and the only spirit they distilled was " Sanchin," which was distilled from rice. He characterised them as rather a superior than an inferior race. In their colleges none were promoted to the office of teacher, but those whose merit alone entitled them to that office. Hong Kong had the repute of being unhealthy, but he believed it was no more unhealthy than Sydney (its temperature being very similar) would be if the Commissioners neglected to drain it. It was common to attach a life buoy to children round their necks, so that in the event of their falling in the water, they might be rescued. Purchasers at shops were always expected to ask for present. and were never refused, and the longer an European resided in China he felt assured the better he would be pleased with it. He could not see the necessity for disallowing these Chinese to immigrate to these colonies ; they were industrious, ingenious, sober, good tempered, and with the example of Singapore and Batavia before them, where they existed in thousands, he couldnotsee why they should object to their landing in Victoria ; he thought it no compliment to British subjects, when it was urged that they (the Chinese) would be the means of demoralising those people who prided themselves on being the most intelligent, and on holding the highest position in the civilised world. A vote of thanks was then awarded to the lecturer, amidst the warmest applause of the audience. The lecture for Tuesday next is on Phrenology, by Dr. Leslie Salter. of' a 