New Advertisements. HENRY NEILL, Esq.-Call or Bend your addrew to 42 WiUiam-etrcet. A Letter of importance tom home. L. Lnurenson, lia IF GEORGE TODD will inquire for Jane Gillie, at 135 LitUo Collina-street caBt, ho will beac from his lriends in London. 99 im.r 23 IF this should meet the eye of Tilden Eldridge or Thomas Farmer, their brother, James Farmer, wishes them towrite to him at Portland Post Office, Victoria. My address is James Farmer, turner, Portland, Victoria. 288 IF John Sutton, who arrived in tue cuKny pee the Koh-i-Noor, which left London in October, 1852, will apply at the ofllce of the umk-raignecl Jewill hear of something to his advmlni;e; oc if any person that can give any infcimation re- garding him will communicate with the adver- tiser, it will te eatecmed aa a laver. HENRY; BOX, 71S Little Collina- atreet weat. 193mar 27 IF tilla should meet the eye of Duncan Campbell -please call at Mr. Bourks's, Flindera-lnne. You will hear of your aon James. 351 JEREMIAH JONES-cal! at the Albion Hotel, Bourke-street; you will tee Jano Davie, from. Coolcullen._ 260 mar 20 JESSIE ROBINSON, from Perthshire, Scotland, will find Thomas M'Farlnnc at the Spread. Eagle Hotel, Kichmond-road, Richmond. 284 M R. H. WARING-please return the papera borrowed, to 02 Swanston.street. 431 i S s MRS. TUCK will oblige her cousin, Margaret Aldridge, by sending her addresB to 74 Lons« dale street west._501 MR. JOHN TYSON, Coliban Uiver.-Your; Seeds await you at Stevenson and Mathow sen's, Colline.street. 93 mar 20 " R. LEIGH and Mr, LEE.-Your Seeda awaiti you at Stevenson and Mathewaon's. T. C. Cele._94 mar 2S MARY BARR, from GlaBgow,-plcui-e to Bend your address to M, Y., No. 4 Dean'a-terraee, j Off Bourke-Btreet east._330 NEWTONSTEWART, SCOTLAND.-John Bar- I clay, who sailed from Birkenhead August | 1852, ia earnestly requested hy his need parents to write home, or communicate with Mr. DiU, office of this paper._01 mar 20 wk ?\rEWBUKGH, SCOTLAND.-Mr. It. Hepburn «LN is in town, and Bhould like to ace Mr, John Johnaton. Pleaee call, or address, care of Mr, Halliday, George Hotel, North Melbourne. 90 ETER LEI Til, irom Edinburgh,-call on James) Greig and Co,, Flinders-lane. Important nevvB._227 RYDE.-Walter Helye. your vile has ar- rived. Apply at Clifton Cottage, near tho WeBlcyan Home, Melbourne._ 116 . HIP LIGHTNING.-John Washington wishes to sec Thomas Davies, late of ¡Simeon's Ranges. ,_._ 72 SHIP Goldfinder.-WiUiam Pleydell, late ot Chelsea,-please send your address to G. P., ofllce of thl8 paper._lal UDBURY, Suffolk.-If this should meet the eye _ol' Wm.Wright,or G.Wright, they will aeetheir cousin, Mr. Hulmc, by directing a letter to Messrs. Twycrosa, Lonedale-strett. 00 rpiIOMAS JACKSON, of Belfast, Irehna,-youc X cousin, WUUam Jaokaon, is at li Stepson street, Melbourne. 177 TO Carpenters.-ii will be given to the first per eon who Benda mo the address of Allen Macey, carpenter. C. Maye?, Northcote. ICO UNA.-Robert Carson-we received a letter from Dumfries, Scotland, for you. Elizabeth Cot tage, Collingwood._330 WILLIAM STEWART, Avoca Dipging?, Bend your address to WUliara M'Koay, 17 Made line.street, Melbourne, 48 ILLIAM HALL, who left Adelaide the end of September, 1851, and laat heard of from Castlemaine, or any peraon knowing his address, will find it to his advantage by communicating With D. Hatton, Poat Ofllce, Melbourne. 43 "W ILLIAM BRENT, ol Manchester-Btrett, Lon T V don, write immediately to your broken- hearted mother,_528 VACANCY for a Single Gentleman, in a First class Heai'lenoe, Apply at 70 Lonadale-Btreet weat._" 52 BOARD and Residence Wanted by a Gentleman in a roapectable family, where no other boarders are kept, Address labor Market, 92 Bourke-street._242 BOARD and Residence Required in a Quiet Family where few received. The neighbor- hood ol' the Biahop'a Palace preferred. Terms moderate. B. L., ofllce of thlB paper._445 T30AR.D and Residence Required by Three Gen '. JJ tlemen with a respectable private family, where no others are kept. Address Poat Office, Box 800._430 CHELTENHAM and Gloucester Boarding Estab- lishment, 71 Flindera-lnne eaBt. Vacancies for Boarders. Good accommodation. Terms mo- derate._54a COMFORTABLE Board and Lodgirg can be had at C. Marka', 08 Stephen.street, opposite tho Eastern Market. Terms 25?. weekly. 510 OMFORTABLE Board and Heaidenco for Two or Three Heapeotable Young Men at 219 Bourke-Btreet eaat,_4'.9 LIGH1NING. - Superior accommodation for Gentlemen, Private family ; agreeable soci ety; and pleaaant home._27 mar 28 ONE Gentleman may have firat-claaB Board and Residence in a private family. 5 Cardigan street;_21 a I PASSOVER.-Some Gentlemen require Board for Passover, fn a family of Jewish faith. | State tcrm3, PaaBah, office of this paper. _59 mar 20 PRIVATE Bonrd and Residence, for One Gentle- man, or Two. Tring Cottage, Punt-road, Richmond, near Royal._20 PRIVATE Board and Reeidence, lor resoectable Men. 244 King-atreet. Terma30a. - 1 'P ESPECTABLE Men requiring an Engliitu XV Home, apply Striplinç, painter, Cardigan street, nearly oppoaite the Lincoln Inn. 20 WO Gentlemen can have a Comfortable Apart ment to thcmaelvea, within five minutes' walk ' oí the Post Ofllce, with or without Boatd. Apply ' 2¡8 Swaneton-street._255 :4 IT WO Gentlemen, engagée! until five o'clock, re - quire a Bedroom to themselves, with Board. Address, this day, stating terms, which must b2 moderate, to P. A,, office ofthis paper. Permanent boarders. _12 Ai UHNISHED Room to Let. Apply 179 Bourke. btreet eaat._222 mar 27 DAIRYMEN, Gardeners, Ac-To Lot, House, Seven Acres Garden Ground, partly culti- vated ; plenty unoccupied grazing ground, water pltntilul, Brighton, Mr. JenkyiiB, Marion-street, \- Collingwood,_119 lOUlt Feet Latha, twenty-three feet, Sixteeu Shillings per Thousand. Hotham Stores, F ~.-...6= r~ --. Blackwood-street, North Melbourne_ 1NE-ROOMED House to Let. Apply on the Premiaea to li. H. Budd, George-street, Col Hngwood._223 mar 29 OFFICES to Let, oentral situation. 91 Bourke Btreet east._244 OFFICES and Store to Let, cheap, apply at -¿ Bank-place, ofl Collina-street._105 ChüP,-To Let, the Shop 220 Bwanaton.street, ÍO oppoaite tho Supreme Court. Rent moderate. 8 HOP, with Three Rooms, to Let, 0 LittleBourke 1 btreet west, 113 Elizateth- street. ' " . 219 mar 20 -O Lot, splendid Stabling in the City ; also Ona Boom wita fireplace, adjoining. APP}y,tJ Mr. Gledhill, 74 Queen-street._lu* __ T"~0 Let Shop and Three Roon«, Little Lonsdale. Btreet, near Rusäell-street. Rent £2 103. 155 O Gardeiiera.-To Let at Northcote, nearly Three Aorcs Garden, with wood and water. Bent £50 per year, or half the produce lor labor enly. C. ftlayeB, Northcote._157 TO Brickmakera,-To Let, rent free, a large Brickfield at Northcote, with Three Hun« drcd Thousand of Clay. Stook at a valuation. C, Mayes, Northcote._ 158 TO Let, a large Front ltoom, adapted lor a pub- lic office, at 174 Elizabeth-etreot._19? Ö"~!SÛlfCÔNTRACTOKS and Others. - To bo Sub-let, between Meredith and the .Stony BiceB, on the Ballaarat Hoad, the Quarrying of 7000 cubic yards af Paving Stonea, 0000 cubic yards of Metal, 10,000 lineal yards ol Draining. Al BO, Wanted 500 Laborers for the above works and 500 Stonetreakera, 200 Quarrymen, and from 50 to 0a Pitch-layers. The highest rato given per day or per yard, and tents, wood and water lound,-Sixty horses and fe Apply on the ground, or to A. KOSS and CO., near the Telegraph Hotel, Ashby, Geelong. 4154 mar 28 rrtOJLer, with immediate possession, a beautifully A cUuated House in Dryburgh-atrect, North Mel. bourne, containing hall and kitchen, pantry, and four neativ-flniahcd rooms, with capacious.yard ?Sid SAW rent moderate. Application at Tattersall'B I)azfM^__tuL rr>n Tot n HOIIUP' containing nine rooms, near T ÄÄ Pàl^ T«°» «** M^f> Swanston-Btrcet. -! ipo be Let, with immediate l"^e?8«ouraing Es". JL duced rental, a Private Family - w%0ooVwii); labliBhment ; lumiture, fixture?, and , --.",»! only £250: satisfactory i easona given for ta." ,, Bent Tiroprietor relinquishing it. For cards of au. drees apply to Meaera. WALaH, JONES, and CO., jeweller», 53 CollinB-Btreet._218 TO Let at Riohmond, Two Bemi.dctaohed Cot.' tage", Elizabethan style, with oriel window and entrance hall, complete, situated on the Punt, read, near the intersection with the Richmond Bridge road, and adjoining the properties ot Alexander li'Crae and W. ». Maokcnzie, Esqs.,, lionUng Richmond Park. Apply to Chañes. Would, 174 Elizabeth-street. ___ 20¿} ^ TTOR Sale, the Trad« - JÇ Hotfli -.. First-olaBS Family ,n Furniture, Plate, Fixtures *o. Etittt.Whrrf. New Advertisements. T A GOOD Front Boora to Let Furnished 13 BnsMll.stitet, nejr Flinders- street. 50Î ICHMOND-To Let, a Family Resldeno«, near the Punt road, in Swan-«trett. Apply fo Mr Robertaon, 11 Collina atieg y,eat. 408 O let, a tour roomed Houa-«, Bituated at Hendrj street, Hawthorne, at present occu pied by Mr Dalton, with a garden under good cultivation, of one acre and a half, together with coachhouse and stable one quarter acre is close fenced in for fowls Apply to Mr Gallagher. laker, Smith street, Collingwood, 555 WENTYFIVL SHILLINGb per Week""ft Board and Lodging (good board ) 31 Little Lonsdale atreet east 557 TO Let. Three roomed Cottage, 15s per week. Apply Lancashire Cottages, Brick atreet, Police Barracks, Richmond ii TO Let, Two roomed Cottage, 12s week Apply Lancashire CottageB, Brick Btreet, Police Barracks, Richmond 21 a IO Let two, turee and Four Roomed Cottagea, . Romeo terrace Inquire {scottish Hotel. Bourke street east_ 10 TO Let, the PremlBea occupied by Mr bamuel Croit, hairdreaaer, Elizabeth street, on terms meat liberal Application to be made on the premises, or at Condell street, Collingw ood 62 TO Let, btables, Yardi, and Cottage, rear of Bakers' Arma Hotel, Elizabeth-atreet Johu Paterson_ 485 TO Let, bix roomed House at Richmond, and Two roomed Houses Apply Baker»' Arms Hotel_ 480 TO Lot a Six roomed House, with an enclosed Yard, 200 Ruaaell street Apply at 87 Little Collina Btreet east 554 TO Let, a bli op and Du citing House in Lonsdale, street, near the Arcade Apply to Ihompsoa nnd Robertson 11 Colline street west 490 rT\0 Let, Large Boarding Home, neM door Cross J. Keja Hotel, Lonsdale street Apply next door at fruiterer's_108 mar 28 TO Let, Comfortable Stone He ucee, three rooms, rent low, opposite Empire Hotel, Errol itreet, North Melbourne_03 TO Let, First OIOBB bix roomed Uouac Victoria, parado W. Law, ßeed«man, 82 Swanston Ftrtet _30 mar20 TO Let a Convenient Four roomed House; in Argyle place, Lygon Btreet Apply to R. Robins_ ' 24 «/«Oil Sale or Charter the schooner Hcsebud 150 X? tonB Apply 86 Collina street west ¿07 TjiOR Sale, by Bell, Regnard and Co Ylarket. ?*. square-Sugar, Mauritius, countci, uuiation of various quail tieB, Rum, good Manritiua 13 op , Dates, fino fresh Muscat, Coals, a cargo ol New. castIcCoal3, from A Brown's pit_153 foil bale Chean, a first rate Coron Spot ot Ground, at North Mclbourno Ir q no at the corner of Queenaberry and Dry burg ttr cts, near the Beneiolent Asylum_50 TTiOIt Sale, bhop Front, 7 feet square, at the X1 bundine paat Shepherd'a Arira, Smith street, Collingwood 231 FOR bale, cheap, a Four roomed Cottage anel Land, Collingwood Apply CrightnnB Ba- kery, Peel street, Collingwood 18^mar20 ©Oil bale, an elegant lamny Carnage with J? pair of Bay Ponies, and Han t eotnilete. Io partiea dcirous of a neat equip°go thli pre- sents a most fa\ orable opportun t> Ponies war- ri nted quiet and atauuoh In Bingle, oi di utile har- ness Apply to YViUiam Brigge, saldier Î5 Little Bourke street west_ 507 mar 27 POR Sale, a bargain, more than Three Acréífino Gaidonmg Land, opposite the. Wattle Treo Hotel, Dandenong road 4 miles fro u Melbourne. Apply to Mr Dobson, Australian fcreeliold Asso- ciation, opposite office of this paper 251 ÎOR bale by the Undersigned Iron houses, ot first rate construction, ol one, two, three, and four rooms, oltcap Also, A large corrugated galvanised iron building, suitable for a atora, hay or wool s'el, public building , 120 feet long, 45 feet wide, and 12 feet high, with strong iron pillastrs, and wrought iron principal rafters, purlins and rails, and complete with flooring boards, gutters, ridge caps, paint, putty, &c.; Drawinr s and specifications can Le s en at J. EEHREN'o, 113 Flinders lane west, Melbourne _320 FOR Sale, the Bailieston Station, on the Lo ver Goulburn, with 0100 Sheep, moro or less, übe ran has 17* miles frontage to the Goulburn, with au a\erage of 9 miles back Extensivo improvements have been made, viz, an excellent; weather boarded Cottage (just finished) contain, mg aix rooms, with large hall and verand li, also kitchen store, stable, men's huts, i onlshed, shearers' huts, large woolshed, j areis, six out- station huts, with hurd'es and watch boxea, one fl ass paddock ol about 1000 aores onooultivitioa paddock of ¿5 ncres one horse paddock ol about "0 acres , also a garden, Ao , ¿o Ihia btation ia oapable of cnirjing 15 000 sheep, and presents an eligiólo opportunity lor any jerson wishing to enter into a luo-aliu invest- ment It should oleo be notioed tint this btation IB close to the Goulburn diggings, Vvhere there ia a gcod market lor the eheep I ho House is also ?nell adapted for an inn, being on. the mJn road, only ten miles from the diggingo For further particulars and terms apply at Mesara POYY'ER and KUIHERIORDS, 122 Queen atreet_ 2f9 mar 28 AFINL Collection of Oil Paintinga on bale by O and N Feddcn, 30 Little Collins street eaBt 270 ANVTLb and VyeeB lor Sale Apply to 1 erring and YVhitc, ¿5 Flinders street weat 403 AGREAr BARGAIN-fo be Sold, a lhree. roomed House, with enclo«ed Yard, m York Btreet, Emerald Hill, auitable for a Butcher s Bhop, or Hay and Corn Store Apply at Mr. Shaw's lemonade manufactory, York street, or Mr II M'Laugblin, Btorekeepei to Messrs Willis, Merry and Co , 72 Flinders lane 171 mar_26 ALE, in hilda and barrels, now landing, tor Sale at Tondeur, Lempriere and Co 'e, Queen street_173 ALLbOPl'S ALE AllBopp'a Ale-One bun dred hogäheads, just laadeel, on Sa'o by M Gf Newton 68 Fllndera lane weat_251 _ A HARE CHANCE for Three or lour Young Mon-io bo sold a bargain, a List rata Puddling-Machine, at to'Ivor, capable of washing 20 loada per diem It ÍB now washing stufl which yields three pennyweighta per load Alsj, a apa clous Tent capable of accommodating six or eight persons cost tdO, together with a cooking stove. i rice for the whole, only jfc.100 Cash Applj to air MUbKEl 1, Mes&rs; Charlwood and bon a, Bourke. street est_436 BRANDY, Dark, in hhda and cases YYr Gardi nei B7 Collins street weat 204 OLÍNG1ROKE -Quarter acre Lot fronting Magdalen Btreet, twenty five poundB Apply larquhar, Hall of Commerce_lia LÂIR'S Universal Pills, the be»t family medf cine in the colony. Blair, chemist, Little Bourke > treet east_oOO BURTON ALE on Sale by the undtriigned Cleve Brothera and Co , 114 Lowdale sdeot vest 491 B ALIIC FLOORING, 0 x 14, x 1, and x3, at 1 Edmund Westby and Co 'H j_¿05 jj BLACK'S AUsIRALIAN ATLAb, V.1Ü1 Map of New Zealand, at Charlwood and Sona, ^ Bourke atreet east_406 BURI ON ALE - Thirty Hogsheads on Sale. William Baylea and co , 97 Collins sircet _520 TDOOKb, YVatches, Jewellery, Musioal Instru. *. meatSj Anything and Ever**1 "« 1'urchaaea. «Tunis, 75 .iee:::nurk8 Btr<** ^r-m,.::¿0 BOOKS Books Books-JAliFB CAFLE", Bookseller, 33 Collins-street west, 1 as ju6t received the following new and valuable v, orks, lmny of them beautifully illußtratrd and hand. Bcmclj bound, suitable for presenta, the library or Drawing room table -Cummwfc'B Tamilj Devo tiona, Discuaaion, with trench and Aiooalyptlo Bkotches, Fletcher'B Devoticnal Bible Tamlly Devotions, Fox'a Book of Marlyn,, and Douoy Bible», Hume and Smollett'» England Rollin's Ancient History, Gibbon's Declino und Fall, Brown's ¡self Interpreting Bible, Mcholson'a Lines and Mensuration, Sir YValtei bcott'a YVorka, MiB Hall's Ireland, Sharp's I ondon Magazine, Beauties of the Danube and Switzerland, * ulier, Newton, Leighton,Faley, Burnet, Hcnrj, Butler, Moore, Byron, Adlton, Goldsmith, Ao Pindar's WoikB, Brown's Architecture, Butler's 1 ives of ti e Saints, rinden s Porta and Harbors ind Am- erican botnery, Taj loi'a Holy I iving, D) It j, Spirit of Prophecy, Life of Christ and bernions LookeM YY oika, Cave'a Livea of the ApoBtles Primitivo Christianity, Beveridge's Private .Thoughts Bible Dictionaries, bcottish Chiefs, Thaddeus ol YVaraaw, Canadian Scenery,eastlea and Abbejsof Lngland, Drawing Books, Geography a, Atinas, Rotertaon'a WorkB, Pictorial England, Carliles YVorkB &o; Storekeepers, Country Dealers and YVholeaale Buyers treated as liberally aa at any House m town Conductora ol Villago Libraries, Meohanioa' Institutes, Ac .will find a large Btock to choose Note the addreBB, CAPLES, 33 Collins street vcBt 215 lOALS, weight and quality guaranteed, deli ^yi vered by John Cooper, Coal Merchant, 87 Collins street weat 468 c COSSIPORE BUGAR, No 1 on Bale atJ Night ingale Alexander's, Queen street_473 UAFr.CUTTING Machine, by a first-rate maker J Nightingale Alexander, Queen. Btreet_477 ÖFFEE-Plantation Ceylon, on Si'e J. Nightingale Alexander.Qucen street couth. in elegant! " . _ . fera and bookeellera, 7 Bourke street east URIta.«TS on Bale Herring and YÎïïïte, Flin. dora street weat_ 48* COALS-For bale, the C:r¿CCfu"'Xarira from* ?o Newc^UetN ¡TW, about 270 tons Apply to H.»*«!» -, .. ,,TPat iB5mar27 C«3»JK*u5tt' *S» r"iHTM.i"treet east.-__ '-7"^«M«« moak House, David Copperûîla, DICSS^.^ »*!r«ut cbariwood4tt9n34 rTnB, 7 Bourkejtrcet£ast_-i^_ -^^-IJ^TT^^l.i^n, li bWt^U jj tale wv la» uuk voWs -t-i-u i«.i ->i New Advertisements. DEAL, Mr., of near Rooky Water Holes, »are. quested to communicate with Mr. Gledhill. 74 Queen street, Melbourne, without delay. 287 ÜLLKIt'á Dog carts and YVhitechapele, and Collins'a Patent Mnil AxleB for Sale. O. and K. Fedden, 30 Little ColUnB- Btretteast. 231 G UNNY BAGS on Bale* nt J. Nightingale Alex- ander's, Queen-street south. 475 GALVANIC BATTERY, SUver-keyed Flutes, Musical Instruments, for Sale. Ninnis, 7S Little Bourke, street east. 510 ILL'S and CLARKE'S Commentaries on tha Bible and Barnea'a Notes, at Charlwood and Sens, 7 Bourkc-street caat. 492 G II LTOPS and Chocolate for Sala by James Greig and Co,, 31 Flinders-lane west. 325 HARVEST CARTS, Spring^Truoka, Wheel"»nd Hand Barrowa for Sala. 0. and W. Fedden, 30 Little ColllnB-atreet eaat._ 280 30INERS' YVORK.-Englieli-made Saaliea, with frames, lines, and weights, assorted. Edmund Westby and Co._,_300 OINEBS' YVORK.-English and American En. trance, Parlor, and Bedroom Doora, assorted. Edmund Wcbtby and Co._331 JOINERS' YVORK,-English-rcpairedMouldings and Cornices, from li to 10 inches. Edmund YVestby and Co._302 JAIL BAGS and Coir Matting for bale. Herring nnd YVhito Flindera-atreet west._465 LAYV.-A Firat-rate Library for Sale. Apply Hawkins and Fergie, 74 Little Collins-street West._200 LATHE.-Fonr-feet Brass Turniiîg Lathe ia good working order. Apply, J, Nightingale Alexander, Queen-atrcet. 472 LOG TIMBER in Red Fine and Kaurie, 14 to 80 it., at Edmund Weatby and Co.'e. 301 LAMPS.-Camps of Every Description, Made or repaired, isewman and Gaze, 115 Russell. street. 503 LIGHT Spring Car. Coinage's Axle, useful construction, nearly new, with harness com plete, fur Sale at Lilburne and Anslow's, on Wed. sesdny next, at one o'clook,_ l18 LAND for Sale,about Three Milt s from Brightoa, suitable for mnrket gardeners or emau iaimcis. Good supply of water, Terms very low. Apply to Meads, 5 Collins-street west. _145 MUSIC, Music-Musio, of all kinda, at JoaepH YVilkle'a,15 Collins-street eaat._233__ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, the largeat Asaort ment in the colony, at Jcsepli YVilkie'a, 15 Collins-street eaat, 234 "VT O more Uncomfortable Nights.-Iron Stretcher, .!> Mattress, and Pillow, 22s., at Alcock'a Fur- nishing Rooms, Brunawick.Btrcet, corner of Ger. i rude.Btrcet, Collingwood. . 197 TV] ORTH MELBOURNE.-Large Lodging-house" J-N to Sell or Let ; seven rooms. Farquhar, Hall ol Commerce._148 nx] ORTH MELBÜURNE.-LeveBon-atreet, Lea30 X> for Sale; Hay and Corn Btore. Farquhar, Hall ol' Commerce. _149 N Bale, by the Undersigned, 250 Tons Coal, ia the Bay. YVestgarth, ROBB and Co, 318 mar 27 O o AIS, 500 Bun].ele. now landing, for Sale at Tondeur, Lempriero and Co.'s, Queen-street. _172_ OATS. CRUSHING Machlno.-One of Garrett's, of Saxmundhnm, adapted to crush oats, maiie, beana, peas, nnd linaeed. On vitw at J. Night mg alo Alexander's, Queen-street. 478 OMNIBUS for Sale by the undersigned.-A Pair horse Bristol Omnibus. O, and N. Fedden, 30 Little CoUins-ttreet eaBt._282 PARCHMENT, Pnrchmentl - Good Sizca, on Sale at William Hull and Sons, Little Col 1ms. street east._103 PLATE GLASS, large size and quantity for Sale. G. YV. Payne, Vlotoria.parade, corner Car- tridge. Btrcet,_13i PRAHRAN.-Cottage, Brewer-stroot, to SeU or Let ; large Btable, &o.; Farquhar, Hall of Com- met ce,_147 PUMPS and Pipes, Bods and M'Arthur, 03 Collh)8-etref-t weat._545 PIANJ.FORTES, by Collard. Broadwood, Btod art, Iowna, Koining and MuiUen, Allen and Chickering, at Joaeph YVilkio'a._335 PIANO.FORTES, by the best English, Danish German, and American makers, at Joseph Wilkie'a, Collins-street._230 PIANO-FORTES can be paid for by montlily in. Btalments at Joseph YVilkie's, 15 Collins tlreet,_237 PIANO-FORTES, Grand, Semi-Grand, Grand Squacc, Semi-Cabiiiet8,and Cottages, for Sale and Hire. Joseph Wilkie._233_ POTATOES.-Twenty tona just landed; lor Sale by Grillen and M'Gee, 169 Swanston, street,_349 ICHMOND NURSERY.-JUBt Gathered, Colo'a New Beoda. YVarranted true and good. 02 mar 20 R STATIONERY. Stationery.-A Large Aesortraent of General Stationery, just received, at Charl, wood and Sons, 7 Bourko-Btreet east. 495 HE ET ZINC, Sheet Lead, Whitning, and Slates, just landed and for Sale. O. and N. Fedden, 30 Little Collina-atreet east._283 HIPS' bl'AUS, all BizcB, in Kaurie, from 85 feet downwards. Edmund YVeetby and Co.'B. _300 e^LATKS, Duoheaa, Countess, and LndieB, for »O Bale, at Edmund Westby and Co.'a Timber Yards,_307 SEEDS.-30 Packages, 10s,, Sinclair's Vanderao niau Seed Shop near the Al MOD, Bourke 1 treet._285 EEDS, Oats.-V.O.L, Tartarian, now landing. Grillen and M'Gee, lbO Swanston-street. 313 s: SEED Oats.-Guaranteed best Tartarian; for Balo by Griffen and M'Gee, 1S9 Swanston, street < 350 SODA-WATER and LEMONADE. 40 cases J. Schweppo and Co.'a soda-water 20 ditto lemonade, lu prime condition. RALEIGH LOCKE, TUOUP, nnd CO. '_44 mar 217 STEAM-ENGINES, six-hoiee power, high pres- sure, with boiler and v, eli- pump complete, (suitable for the diggings, being very compact and easy of transit. Can bo aeen at J. Nigutingale Alexander's, Queen-street. 470 TIMBER YARD to Let, in a very central situ, ntion, capable of storing one thousand tons. Apply to J. Nightingale Alexander, Queen-atreot louth, 474 WATERPROOF Clothing, Gamble and Davis'S liootB and Shoes, Brushware, and Perfumery. \- Invoice of the above on Sale. wHHam Hull and Sens, Little Collina-atreet east. 1C0 WOODEN-HOUSES, Three and Four Room', finished in a superior mar.ner and guaran- tee d complete. May bo seen at the Timber-yard, Frnnklyn-Btreet, Elizabeth-street north. Parti, culara to be had of J. Nightingale Alexandor, Queen-street south,_ 470 Ïi O R BALE.-' Two and three horse ploughs, with double mounting trees, 2 sets, 5 feet wheels, with axles 3¡-inoh pin, turned and steeled 2 horse thrashing maohine Several seta ol tandem harness of the best quaUty. Apply to G. M'INTOSII, blacksmith, Drum. ' mond.street, near the YVesleyon's home. 351 mar 20 r,OR SALE by the Undersigned 0 70 tons Chilian flour, guaranteed sweet 15 do do. more or less damaged 10 do best seconds town flour . 5 do pearl pago 15 do soap v - 5 do bacon 10 do Patna rice 3C00 bushels oats 11 cases Manila cigars 15 cases wtttertights, and . other wlnte? boots 7 balea pea-jaokets and waterproof cloth, in g Ë. F, SICHEL and CO., 55 FUnders.street east.' _«Oil ON B A L E , - Deals Cut and Unout Flooring Grooved and Tongued 1 & li In. Slates, anil Slats Ridge Galvanised corrugated iron CaBt-iron epouting, completo PlaBter of PariB Cement and limo Doora andwlndowa At SNOWBALL'S 'llmber-yard, Littlo Collins, street east. 315 IO N S ALE by the Undersigned Manchester goods, iirst-rate assorted invoices .' Bradford goods, do do Glasgow do, do do Nottingham do, do do Bilk gooda Sewing Bilka, assorted colors French merino, do Sewings Linenhandkerchiefs Furniture printB Blankets Sheetings Tartan checks Woollen oheoka Weighing maohlnes, of various sizes, Pooley and Son's and others Soda crystals Paints Corrugated iron Milneps fireproof safes Corrosive aublimato 2 large iron tanks, 350 gallons each Paper, 40 bales and oases, description :-» double demy, newspaper, post, note, brown packing, cap, loolBoap, and other sorts Kail« otto of roses, pure Champagne, from CUquot direot j. BEHRENS, 113 Flindera-lane west, Hw Levien and Steinltz. _3al " I '" /-\ r\ r\ i V FEET Hard Pine Boarda for Bala ' 80>00O by James Greig and Co,. SIFUn I dfTB-lane west. _ u* I ~Ts^/-\ PA>=ES of Broughton'« Patent Tibli» 100 Salt 1er Sale. O. aid N. Fedden, 30 Little ) v^UiiE-tUc-a east. il} "New Advertisements. ON Sale by the Undersigned Chilian flour (guaranteed) Bugara Bice Oatmeal Guinnees'e bottled porter Linseed oil (5 gallon) Scotch octa Watertight boots Martell'a brandy (In bulk) United vineyard in bulk in bond HOPKINS and BANKS, brokers, 87 Collins. street west. 4151 mar 20 Ñ ¡J I h B, Iirandiea and rum Ale and poiter, in bottle and wood Sugars, Mauritius and loaf Coffee, Java, best Manila dears Malr.EngiiBk Iron bucketa, very sirona; Ironmongery, assorted invoices Steel Flougba, Barrowman's beBt, and harrows with complete sets of extra mountings for each 3-buehel and gunny boga Saddlery and harnesB Boots and shoes, great assortment I BlnnketB, colored and plain Tartana, carpets, Ac. Slop clothing, &c;, nasorted, waterproof, &o.; Haberdaahery and drapery of all sorts Paper-printing, grocers, io. Stationery, a'sortcd. Apply to M'MICKING and CO., Bond-street, Flinders-lano,_ 131 ON Sale, at the Stores of the Undersigned, Oats Barley Bran Rice Ale Porter SHAW, GALLOP and CO., Gcr.eral Merchants and Commission Agents, 4 Elizubetli- strcet south. _'_211 ON Sale, at the Stores of the Undereignod,-. Invoicts of the following gooda Printed druggets | Green baizeB 8-4,0 -1,10 4 blue blankets Do do do scarlet and grey do Do do do white do Flannels Lambswool shirts and hose Slop clothing Galaa, coburgs &o.; Regatta ahirta SHAW, GALLOP and Co., CommlBeion Agents, 4, Elizabeth-street aouth._210 , ARCADE Tailoring Establishment. - The cheapest in the colonieB. Call and judge for yourselves._531 AN Outfit of Superior Tweed to Measure, can be had at Stubba's, for £4. Arcade. 535 P-'.lll of Tweed Trouaers made to order, 25s. Stubba, Arcade, and WUliumatown. 536 A A COMPLETO Treatise on the Kitchen Garden, by F. Smith (late Gardener), will be ready in a few days. 03 Collins-street weat. 310 BLACK West of England Dreaa Trousers, 35s. : Full Suit, 0 guineas. Stubbs, Arcade, and ?Williamstown. 510 B* »Y Order of the Trustees-Belling off at 50 per > cent, below coat, at 13 Colllna-atreet weat (late Tuoker'(,),hia entire stock in trade, consisting of £20.000 worth of the moat aupt-rb jewellery ever offered to the public of Victoria, comprising pcld and silver watches, clocka, muafcal boxea, ailvcr plate aervices, card-caeea, Biiufl'-boxea, gold chaina arid alberla, oyc- glasaoa, vinaigrettes. A magnigoent naaortment oí court, dreis. and other brooches, ringa, inr-ringp, bracelets, breaatpins, Ac, Bet with diamonds, rubies, and other stones of first water; and an immense variety of every arti- cle in the jewellery line, all of clmsle and elegant designs, and ol the most oostly manufacture. Observe-No. 13 Collins-streetwest. KIDSTON and ATCHISON, accountants._273 COLLINGWOOD FIRE INSURANCE COM- PANY, - The Directors of this Company having made a Coll of Two Shillingannd Sixpence, per share. Shareholders aro requested to pay the same to the Secretary, or to the English, scottish and AuBtralian Chartered Bank within a fort- night, JNO. A. AVILD, Secretary. Collingwood, 21at M arch, 1855. '_400 COMPTON HOUSE. Ann-street, Williamstown. -Ordera in Clothing punctually attended to, and speedily executed. Stubba. 537 LOTHING Made to Order at Slop Prices. A good fit warranted, Stubb?, Arcade, and Williame town._539 CLEAR1NG.OUT SALE.-All goodB, where de- posit paid, muat bo taken away by ten o'olook on Monday morning-next. Jamea Shaw, Collins« street,_328 DOG-CARTS and Saddlo Horses (grcd ttyle) for Hiic, Union Hotel Livery Stables, Bourke, street. 488 Ml EATON HOUSE Seminary, near the Junction Hotel, St. Kilda. Mrs. Gardiner has vacan, cies for Two Hoarders._ 203 OUR THO~USAND POUNDS to Lend on First rate City Property. Apply Croaa Keys Hotel, Lonsdale.street,_547 HOLLOWAYS Pills nnd Ointment.-Whole. Bale ncent (auccessor to eregan and Moore), Mr. WnUli, corner Elizabeth aud LaTrobe Btroot->, A ireBh supply received, 551 AHKER'S Bonded Warehouaoa. - Overtime Gooda.-Parties having gooda in the above warehouses are requested to pay up the rcntupon all goods that have been in longer tuan tho time allowed by Act ot Council. 23rd Mardi, 1855_528 mar 27 alt IMPORTANT to Farmers and Gardeners.—J. Scott and Clow Brothers, beg respectfully to intimate that they have erected a Bone-Bruising Machine at Richmond, and on the 28th instant we shall have a quantity of the Dust for Sale. For particulars apply to James White, 115 William- street, Melbourne. 407 mar 27 JOD.N JOSEFH~M^CO"RMirK, late of Hen. , rietta-Btreet, in the eily of Dublin, mid now oí Napier-street, Collingwood, in tho city of Mel- bourne, one of the Attorneys of her Majesty's Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Ex- chequer, and a Solicitor ol the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, do hereby give notice thatl intend, on the last day of thia preaent term, to apply to bo admitted a Solicitor, Attorney, and Proctor, of the Supremo Court of the Colony of Victoria, Dated thia 23rd March, 1855. JOHN JOSEPH M'CORMICK, 32 mar 27 LAW_Parchments, Memorial?, Insolvent, Con voyance, and Common Law Forms. Hings- ton law atationer, 76 Chanoery-lane. 298 flSSINU FRIENDS in Sydney. - Addreas L found by advertiBing in the Sydney Empire, daily nevvapupcr. Agent, Mr. Walsh, stationer, corner Elizabeth and La Trobe streets. 553 ELBOURNE Floral and Horticultural So ciety.-A General Meeting oi thobe Forming this Society will bo held at 82 Swanaton-street at six p.m. on the lat of April. W. Law, secretary, pro tem,_208 mar 20 MONEY, in various Burnt, Ready to be Invested on Mortgage, G, Millar, 32 Queen-street, ^_170_ ELUOURNE CIRCULATING LIBBARY. Subscribers to the nbovo Library are re« tpectfully informed that a New Catalogue is in ccurBo of preparation, which ia compiled on thoroughly efltcient principles for the use of all classes of readers. It will he found to embrace a perfect list of ClEBfilied Kovelietü Miscellaneous do. History, Eiography, Voyages, and Travels Eaaaya, Misocllanica, Poetry, Ac, Arranged systematically lor eaay reference, and çcnutnsing every work added to the Library to time of publication. , As new works are being constantly; received from England, a irinted Hat of auch will be kept in the Library for convenience of aubacribera, and an appendix published quarterly. Subscription, £1 for three montha, or £3 per an mun, payable In advance, and commencing from day of entry. N.B.-Subscribers allowed two sets of booka at & time. T, M, BUZZARD, bookseller and Btationer, 181 Bourke-atrcet east, near Stephen- Btreet, and oppo. site tho Eaatern Maiket,_331 ?fVTOTICE ia Hereby Given, that by Indenture oi JX naaignment bearing date the f.venty.third day of March, one thousand eight hundred and i lifty.tlve, Thomas Whitfield Cooper, ol' Newlands, ! I in the county of Bourke, in the colony of Victoria, j farmer, asaigned all his estato and cffcotB (wearing I apparel and necessaries, not exceeding the sum of i twenty-five pounds, executed) unto Edward De Carle and Thomas Austin, both of the city of Mel. tourne In the said colony, merchants, upon truBt for the benefit of the creditors of the enid Thomas Whitfield Cooper, whioh said indenture was duly executed by the said Thomas Whitfield Cooper, Edward De Carle, and Thomas Austin, on the said twenty-third day of March, one tlsouaand eight hundred and fifty five, and their respeotiva executions are attested by Samuel Vignollea, Eequire, ono of the juatioea of the peace of tho Enid colony; and Notice ia further given, that the said deed now lies at the office of Robert Christ- mas Gresson: solicitor, 85 Chanccry.lane, in the «aidoity of Melbourne, for inspection and execu- tion by the oreditors of the said 'ihomaB Whitfield Ccoper. Dated this 23rd day of March, one thousand eicht hundred and fifty-five. THOMAS W, COOPER. EDWARD DE CARLE, THOMAS AUSTIN. Witness, Samuel Vignollea, J. P._258 TVTO. 3, HALL OF COMMERCE.-To Capitalista, JX Landowners, Agriculturists, and Othera. KefBrB. Higginbottom and Renou, nuctioneera, surveyors,house, land, and estate agents, In re turning thanks for the kind patronage and sup. «ort that baa hitherto been ajiown them, beg to í:;íoriSÍ!:C¡r supporters fhey have removed from 74 Collina.street west to more convenient oham-> bera In the Hall of Commerce, where their bust XcBP. in all its branohea, will bo conducted as nerctofore, and to assure them that no exertion Bhallbcapared to effect a aatiBfactory termina, tien to all business entrusted to their manage. I ^Messrs. H. andR. solicit the inspection of their registry of securities for mortgage, and moneys for inveatment, as weU as landed estâtes, buUdings, ' and other property for Bale or lease,_^_ "VTEW DISCOVERY.-Toothache Cntod in one JN moment, by G. de Snxe, turton Dentist,9 < rllii"-ftreet west. Filling decayed teeth, froii Êt.ltCCtUeivrUï'.tel.SE. 2*7 mar 2» New Advertisements. NAP CHA L VMPS -Customers, don't be gulled! Camphme wUl atop up your Lamps Uese Comphino Lamp Depot 271 ÂPTHA LAMPS Cleaned for Nothing Depot. Little Collina.street BcBt Sperm Lamp 01, 9B Od per Gailon 272 ?VfOflCE-Critchley and Banka arc open to jM receive instructions fra limited number ot valuations lor the forthcoming transfer of the hotel licences 47 Chancery lane 303 PERSONS having Luggage at 1*3 King street^ Melbourne, are desired to remove them, otherwise they will be sold to defray cxponaeB. John Campbell._558 mar 27 P~ LRSON AL Appearance, Comfort and Health. Fawasett and Henrle'a newly invented Ena. mel Teeth mounted on highly Bn.shed gold plates1, iDiraed to the mouth on the atmospheric pressure principle, ire warranted to answ er thoroughly the purposes of mastication agd articulât i in, as also to combine beauty of appearauoe with comfort in u£e Ho extreme accuracy with which tho Plate is fitted to the gum, by meana ot the aelf adjusting or atmospheric system gives the wenrer the most perfect case both in talking nnd eut nu, while the appearance of the teeth is so completely natural, that the closest observer falls to detect them Teeth B'opped with gold leaf and white cement. Advice on all dental maladies FAYVobEir and HE AULE, op rative andrac olianiol dentists, 85 Collina street enBt, nearly opposito the ofllce of this paper 303 OOFb Repaired by Dods and M'Aithur 9i Collins street wrst fll R1 " mHE Rural Magazine " Prospectuses at Sin« JL clnir's scedshops, Melbourno and Prahran. _230 TO the iona fide Shareholders in the Viotorla Fire and Marine Insurance Company-In announoing myaelt as a oandidnte for Re election to the ofllce ol Director in your Company, I have to call jour attention to the day of meeting, Wed- nesday, tha 4th April, at one o'clock p m , and I have further to direct your specialnotfos toan at- tempt that lins been made to thrust into ofllce parties that hnvo no bona fide interest in your Company, but nre merely the noiuiteea of a large shareholder, for whom they hold shares lu trust; and farther, to the manufacture ot ellan hilders, havlnt, no real interest in the Companj to the effect of stvamping your votea I Bliall bo pre- pared topjintoutthoco nominal shareholders to any of )ou who may favor mc with a call before the meeting mid at that meeting to biing tha whole subject before tho asfeniblcd Bhireholdera GEOIlGh. ANNAND_lfe4 mar 20 rpo leraona iuirnislitng - At CHUCK'S Exten JL Eive and Cheap furnishing Warehouse, tho mest superb assortment of English Turnlture ever jeceivul ia now on sale, comprising loo oard, chefs, Pembroke, telescope, dining, breakfast, diessng, bedside, la lies'work and library labios; roiewooel, mahogany, walnut and beech hair aeatcd chalis, cano chaira ot every defcrlption, ctsy ditto in morocco and hair-oioth, chcta ot ciawcr?, wardrobes, washstands, towel horsea, vailing desks, desk slopes foul posts, Arabian, French, and tent bedsteads in wood and iron , ro ewood and mahogany cabinets,chimney glassei In gilt ro»ewood maple, »nd mahogany frames, Bofa", couches devonports, bidtts portnble olosets, pianoB, shop chair», BrusBPla, Kidderminater, Dutch and thread carpeta, druggets, hearth ruga, au pending, table, hall, and bracket lamps chu. dren a cribs, in wood and iron, portable iron bed. oin ijF, feather b-da spring and horse hair mat- tresses, blankets sheeting quilta.Ao In announcing this beautilul assortment of goods the advertiser need but state that they are ironi one ol Hiebest boueeam London,and having purcliaBed tho whole for cash, positively at lesi than oost, he can sell tho same ( retail only) at about 10 per cont above fhe actual C03t, or about 50 per cent leas than the same c m be sold for at any 'iou»e in town, delivered free of chargo by spring vans within four miles of the fown Hall, and exchanged or oaahreturned it not approved of CHUCK'o t urniture, Bedding and Iron Bed. stead YVarehouse, 150 Bourke Btrcet, exnetly oppo. site the Enatern Market 533 niO tboNumorous Customers who have hitherto -L Patronised the S°td shop, wo havo much pleasure in introducing Mr barquharson Smith asourbuccsBaor lho seeds for tho coming Sea- son have been BO O ted with the greatest care, and, in every department of the Buainesa blB Stoclc will compare with any e tablishment in Town. Ho has the advantage of a thorough practical knowledge of the Business in all ita branches; and the YY ort. whioh ho is juat pubMshing for dis- posal at the seed shop will afford valuable infor- mation to those of Bhort experience, und will bo a decided booi to tho Colony at large SMITH, ADAMSON and CO , 03 Collina street west 313 TESTIMONIAL to Captain Enright - At a meeting of the passengers held in tho Din- ing Saloon, on Wednesday, the 11th of March, it was unanimously resolved that a letter should he addressed to Captain Enright, thanking him for his courtesy and kindness during the voyage and also, that a subscription should be made for the purpose of presenting him with some more lasting proof of their esteem and regard. The following letter was then read and unanimously adopted :- To Captain Anthony Enright, Dear Sir,-As our voyage is now drawing to a close, and the time is approaching when our little com- munity must be dispersed, we cannot bid you farewell without expressing, in the warmest manner, our thanks for the many kindnesses and attentions we have received from you since we embarked in the good ship Lightning. The con- stant anxiety you have shown to promote our comforts , the happy manner in which you have succeeded in getting up amusements to wile away the tedium of the voyage , together with your ready attention and desire to redress every trivial complaint, have se- cured to you the regard and esteem of every pas- senger on board. Many of us have made the voyage before in first class London ships and steamers, and have ex- perienced a variety of treatments, but none better than on board the Black Ball clipper Lightning. We have much pleasure in stating that we have never made the passage in so short a time, or so pleasantly as on this occasion. We like the ship very much; she is the cleanest, quietest, and easiest ship we have sailed in; and we congratulate the owners in the selection of a captain whose courage, perseverance, and con- stant watchfulness by night and by day, insures her being sailed to the best possible advantage; and whose prudonce and care have gained the entire confidence of the passengers. We beg leave to assure you, dear sir, that you carry along with you the esteem and regard of all those who have been so fortunate as to sail with you this vovage, who have formed a high estima- tion of your conciliating and gentlemanly conduct as commander of this ship, and who will never forget your many acts ot kindness and attention shown to them when they most needed and valued them. With prayers for your health and happiness, and with best wishes for your success, We remain, dear sir, Always yours very sincerely. Georgiana Garrard Jeffery Cullen Emily Macgeorge Hammill Kerr Margaret Kerr William Colahan Emma Louisa Chivers Alex Young Eliza Roots Robert Macgeorge Emma Hurst Rev. H. Darling Sarah Anne Lancashire Thomas Wharton Margaret S. Fullarton Joseph P. Bainbridge Eliza Knight Lowther Broad Emily Hart J. Hart F. Michaelsoher Wm. Spence Agnes Harris Herbert Mason Mary Manley William Soward Arnold Garrard A. Patrick Arthur Pilleau Thos. Adamson William Jeffrey Wallace Allen J. A. Huxtable William Gradwell A. C. F. Dumaresq, R. N. William Allen Wm. Arthur Joseph Hilton Geo. Pilkington Jas. Cardus Ambrose Patient J. Holmes W. F. M. Dennison C. Harrison P. G. Lime T. Blaquiere Thomas Hirst Joseph Harrison Henry Coleman Joseph Porteous Gilbert S. Elliott James Gavine Thomas Wood Richard P. Riordan Jas. W. Fullarton On board the Ship Lightning, March, 1855. A subscription was at the same time entered into, and a very handaome sum collected, which was placed in the hands of a committee for the purchase of a piece of plate, to be presented to Captain Enright, on our arrival at Melbourne, with the following inscription :- "PRESENTED TO CAPTAIN ANTHONY ENRIGHT, By the Passengers of the Ship Lightning, on his first voyage from Liverpool to Melbourne, in March, 1855, as a token of their confidence in his skill as a commander, and in admiration of his many estimable qualities." The fund to be placed in the hands of the follow- ing gentlemen, who have been appointed a com- mittee to carry out the above object :- Mr. Pilleau Mr. Coleman Mr. Kerr Mr. Young And to whose judgment it is agreed to leave the selection of the best article, and the most appro- priate that the subscription will admit of. THE CAPTAIN'S REPLY To the Passengers of the Ship Lightning. Ladies and Gentlemen,-I have received with feelings of very great delight the highly gratify- ing testimonial which you have been pleased to present to me, expressive of your satisfaction of my conduct, and the arrangerments of the noble vessel I have the honor to command. I only re- gret the inability I feel to give adequate expres- sion to the sentiments with which my heart is filled, in acknowledging the high compliment you have paid me, and the flattering testimony you have borne to my humble efforts. In a chequered life, replete with vicissitude and trial, it has ever been the guiding star of my ambition to perform honestly and conscientiously my duty; I have done no more on the occasion of our present voy- age, and I thus feel how undeserving I am of your kindness and consideration, but I will not deny that your appreciation ot my efforts is a source of peculiar pleasure to me; and the kindly feeling which has dictated your generous gift will long live in my grateful recollection. As this may be the last opportunity which may be afforded me of addressing you through the present medium, I embrace the occasion to wish you, one and all, an affectionate farewell; assuring you that my first voyage to Australia has been made under most pleasurable auspices to me, and that it will afford me extreme happiness to learn that you have, each and every one, been suc- cessful in the object of your search; and that health, happiness and prosperity may be your portion through life, is the fervent wish of Yours gratefully and obliged, A. ENRIGHT, Commander. March 19th, 1855. 384 rr Hit, Bradies Trousers, made to Order, with 1 1 Xrci.c'i OaJ'cri?, 25*. ¡¡tub1", Arcade, yal Williamstown. 633 New Advertisements. w TO the Lovera of . Good Dinner -An Ordinary every Sunday at fulr.put one, inclndiai .T«ry delicaoy of the teaaon. Coker'?, St Kilda. _ft HE Righta of Labor! ' Cheap Land 1 I-A Letter on Bounty Immigration, addrcbaedto the Mcmbera of the Legialatlve Council pnoo a» Od Mater, Williams, »ndHodgeon, 91 Bourke. street east_ 213 TAKE Notice, that the Partnership heretofore subslating between UB, the undersigned, under the firm of h and T A Lascelles, junior, asnuo. tionoera, déniera in Btock, and livery stable keepera at Geelong ntoreeaid, has been this day diaeolved by mutual conaent All debta duo to, and owing by, the said late firm will be received and paid by the aaidThomns Allen Lascelles, the younger Dated this 20th day of Maroh, A n 1S55 LDWIN LASCELLI b THOS A LASCELLLS, Jua Witness-Thoa C. Harwood, solicitor, Geelong _4153 mar 27 UNITED Presbyterian Church, Emerald Hill -The Rev John Ballant) ne, late of LillieBleul, near Mtlroae, will preach in the Great Iron Store, Ceoil street, on ¡sabbath first, 25th inst, and the Rev A Ü Kininmont, late ol Leith, on babbath, 1st April faervicca to commence c nell day at dev cn o clock forenoon, and hull paac MX o'clock evening, when all friendly to the esta bliBhment of a Church in that locahtv ure invited to attend and support by their prcEtnco and libe, raljty the present movement 40 :\7£/ATCUIiSRepaired,Glaafeaand Hards Titted, V» moderate charges Try Ninnie, watchmaker, 75 Little Bourke street eaat_508 H O ' b the Cutler' So t,re it hath grown bia fame, 3hsit atones, made eloquent, repeat hlsname, _U3 WHO'3 the Cutler '-Gallagher engages Razors Set by him to Shavo lie is his own work, man 129 "YTt7 HO'S the Cutler » - Gallagher not Queen's VV nominal, but Viotoriaa actual, Working Cutler 11 Little Collina street 130 fOArv IO Lend in Sum», cn Deposit. oCövU ing Deed; Robert ii Rocera, Mo. dinnies' Institution Buildings_ 170 r\f\ IO Lend upon good Freehold beou. UV rity. W Gardiner, 87 Collina atreot vest_202 IN the bupreme Court oí the Colonv of Viotorl» -I, John Millett, late of Penzance, in the county of Cornwall, and of Cornwall terrace, Dover Road in tho oountv of Surrey, t ngland, ai d now of Castlemaine, in the oolonv ol Victoria, an attorney ot her Mnjeatv'a Court of Qucn'H Benoh at weatminstcr, hereby give notice, that I intend to apply, on tno laat day of tho present Term, to bo admitted on Attorney, Solicitor, and Procter, c1 the Supremo Court of the colony of Victoria Dated thiatwentj fourth day of March, in the 3 ear of our Lord one thouBand eight hundred and fifty-five_530 mar 27 IN the Insolvent Estate of Gorge troncifl, ot Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria land agent and surveyor -Whereas the estate of George I rancia, of Melbourne, in the colony of Viotoiia, lar.d agent and snrvejor, was on the t wen tv flrat c1 II yoi Mnrch, one thouaand eight hundred and fifty-flve, placed under sequestration in mj banda, by order of ilia Honor fair iVilfinm v'Hcckott, Knight, Chiot Justice of theSuireiro Court of tho colony ol Victoria, and who by lnrther ordec under bia hnnd did appoint Alexander laing, Ef quire, oi Melbourne, one of the c fllcial assignees of lnaolvent catates, to be the Official Assignee ot and lor tilla eetate I horoby npjoint a publie meeting of the creditors of the said insolvent to be holden before me, at my office. Supreme Court II ouse, La Trobe street, Melbourne, on Wedneaday, ti o aoeond day of May next, at the honr of a quarter to two o'olook in Hie afternoon, for j roof of debta, and another public meeting will I o holden before mo, nt the same place, on Wed. readay, tho ninth day of May next, at the hour of half paat eleven o'clock in tho lorenoon, lor the like purpoae, and it the creditors think fit, to eleot an aeaigneo of their own choioo to uot with, the said Ofllcial Assignee, Dated at Melbourne this 22nd day of Maroh, AH 1855 TREDK WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates_4130 IN tho Insolvent EBtate ol Joaep'i William Carno, of the Nowromo Station, on the Bill bong Creek, in the colony of New bouth Walea Bettler, -Whereas the estate of Joaeph William Carne, of thoNowronie btation, on the Blllyl-ong Creek, in the colony of Now South Wales, settler vv w, oi the twentv second day ol March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty flvo.pliced under Fcquei nation in my hands byereler oi his Uonir Sir William A'Bcckott, Knieht, Chief luatico c1 the Bupremo Court of the colony ol Victoria, ant1 « ho, by further order under bia hand, diel appoint t.d. v ard Courtney, Esq , ol Melbourne, one ol the Oil oial ABeignees of Insolvent Estttiep, to lo Hu Ofllcial Aaalgnee of and lor tilla estate I limby appoint a public meeting of the creditors of the (-uid insolvent to be holden beforo me, at ni} oflloo, Bupremo Court House, La Irol-o street, Mclucurno, on Wedneaday, the eecond day ol May next, lit the hour of two o clock in tho afternoon, for proof of dfbts, and another public meeting w ill bo holden toloro mc, at the same place, on wedncadny, the ninth day of May next, at the hour of twelve o'c ock noon, for the like purpoae, and ii tho ote ditora think fit to elect nn assignee of their own choice to act with the aaid ofllcial assignée Dated at Melbourne, tbia 22nd day oi March, ¿n 1855 FRED WILKINSON, ohlef commissioner of insolvent estate^_4131 BULLEEN ROAD-lenders will bo rccolved until eleven o'olook on Triday, 30th lnat, for executing certain repoira on the Bulleen Road, according to specification to be Been at the Central Head Board O Hice, Little Hourke-strect weat lendora to bo endorsed, "lender for Bulloon Hoad," and forwarded, prepaid, to the President of the Central Road Board, Melbourne. 3be Board will notneoeBBarily accept the lovveat or any fonder_4135 mar 30 OLONIAL Storokeep ra Office. Melbourne, 23rd March, 1855 -fenders will bo received at tho office of this department, Bourke atreot weet, up to twelve o'olook on Wedncsdaj, the 23th inttant fiom parties willing to Bupply tho under- mentioned Artioles for the aervioe oi the Govern ment Printed lorms of tender can bo obtained on ap- plication at this office, and notification will be given to the parties only vvhoue tenders are ac- cepted * 300 Rivets, Copper,} of an Inch long 0 Rubbers, Blackamitlia', of diilerent aizeB » 12 Rules, 2 leet, with alidts 0 Bottles Blue Ink 6 Bread BnBkets, 8 inches \ 12 inche3, 10 inches deep 4 Burrs, Gunsmitha' 2 baws. Split, 9 inch iron ALHIED AGG, Acting Colonial Storekeeper N B-Samples will bo required of tho oitiolea marked thus » t very article to be ol the best and moat service« able description, and subject to approval _4130 mar 28 GEELONG ROAD-lenders will Bo reccivad until eleven o clock on Tuesday, "rd April, proximo, lor maintenance of fortv chains of the Ucclong road, near tho Race Course, nooording to specification to be seen at the Central Hoad Board Office, Little Bourke Blreet weat lenders to be endowed " lenders for Gee- long Road," and forwarded, prepaid, to tho Pre aident of the Central Road Bonrd, Melbourne The Board will notneoeBBarily accept the lowoafj or any tender._4133 mar31 OUNT ALEXANDER ROAD -lenders will bo received until eloven o'clock on iueaday, 3rd April proximo, for the maintenance of ona nile twenty six chains oi the Mount Alexander Road, nour Aitkcn's Creek, according to apeolli calion to be seen at tho Central Road Board (Moo, Lilllo Itourkc-Btrcct weat, or the Road 1 ngmcor'a Office, Gisborne Tendera to beendoraed "Tender for Mount Alex- ander Road," and forwarded, prepaid, to tho Pre« aident ol the Central Road Board, Melbourne The Board will notneccsaarily accept tho lowest Oi any tender 4132 mar 31 RICHMOND ROAD.-Tender will be received until eleven o'olook on Frldoy, 30th inat, foe the Maintenance of the Richmond load to 31at December proximo, aocording to specification ia be seen at the Central Road Board Office, Little Bourke street west Tenders to be endorsed, " Tender for Richmonet Hoad," and forwarded, prepaid, to the Prcaldent ol the Central Hoad Board, Melbourne The Board will not nccesBanly accept the lowest or any tendei. 1134 mar 30 TENDERS Required for Alterations and Add!, tiona to a House situated in Collins atreet. For particulars apply to J. XhompBon, I ittlo Lonsdale street weat_4M) mar 27 TENDERS required lor makins Post and Rail stockyard, sixty by twenty iect Apply to J. liuitey, Melbourne llorac Bu¿anr, Bourke street west. 494 THE Friends of Mr. Thomas Ryan are invited to follow the remains of his youngest daugh- ter, Mary, to the New Cemetery ; the funeral to move from his residence, Lamb Inn, Elizabeth- street north, this day, at twelve o'clock, noon. JOHN DALEY, Undertaker, corner La Trobe and Spring streets, Melbourne. 576 THE Friends of Mr. Samuel Somervill are respectfully invited to follow the remains of his late son to the place of interment in the Old Cemetery. The funeral to move from his residence, near the South Melbourne Hotel, at three, and pass the Prince's Bridge at half-past three o'clock this day (Saturday) 24th instant. JOHN SLEIGHT, Undertaker. 514 ST. KILDA JUNCTION HOTEL. Friday, 30th March. Grand Vocal and Instrumental Concert. MR. WM. PALING, professor of music, and first solo on the violin and piano at the Academy of Holland, &c.;, will perform on both instruments, when he will be kindly assisted by Mrs. Testar, and Mr. Bial. The great success that attended Mr. Paling's per- formances everywhere on the Continent of Europe will, he trusts, ensure him the approbation of the public in this colony. A programme will publish further particulars in a few days. 154 SALLE DE VALENTINO.—To-night (Saturday) Grand Promenade Concert and Ball. Admis- sion, 1s. Commence at eight. 515 SALLE DE VALENTINO. — Mons. Fleury will introduce New Music at Promenade Concerts and Ball to-night. 516 SALLE DE VALENTINO. — Grand Masquerade next Monday. Mons. Fleury, Leader and Con- ductor. 517 New Advertisements. AS T L E Y J g- j Solo lessee, George Lewis. ^ Reduction of Prices, and Additional Attraction Dress Circle, Os,; Boxes, 5s,; Pit, 3s,; Gallery IB. Cd. * Engagement of Mr. Burton'aStud of Horses and Company in conjuncUon with Mr, Lewia'a, MONDAY, MARCH ¡Min. And Last Night of the GrandFantomimeof _BAMFlELD MOORE CAREW. 416Ï AS T L E Y' 8 A M P H IT H EAXRE By kind Permission of bia Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor. Saturday Evening, Mardi 24th, 1855. ForthcBENKFir of Mr. M. W. YVHITE of Rainer'a Serenadcrs. * (A Card.) In consequence of Mr. White's severe affliction Raincr's Screnadora havo taken the liberty IOADI peal to the Melbourne Public on his behalf; Mr. G. Lewis lias, in the kindest manner, given the Beneficiare the nae of his Amphitheatre, with the whole Company, who have kindly volunteered and they have determined to excel themselves on tbio occasion. Look at the Grand Concentration of Talent I The renowned Pablo Fanque has kindly giren bia gratuitoua old, and wUl pcrlona one of bia Astounding Acts. MonB. M. Fleury, the oelcbratcd Violinist, Ima nleo kindly volunteered, in conjunction with Mr. Lewia'a company, comprising Mr. G. Lewis Brothers Dhering and Mr. H. Walker Stebbins Mr. YV. Barlow Mons. Klaer Mr. John Smith Mr. T. Nunn Mr. T. Lee Mrs. T. Leo Mr, li. Adams Mrs. Yeomans Mr. Yoamana Madame Klaer, And the Lee Juvenile 1 «rape. Tocethcr with Rainer'a Serenaders, Messrs. Rainer' Naeh. Brower, Bryant, Foans, and Moran. r Mr. White trusta the programme he presenta will meet tho approbation of all. Programme: Part I. Introductory Overture.Full Band.' Opening Chorus, from the " Enchan tresB» . Company " Off for Baltimore" .Foana " A in't I glad my Dinah's left me" ... Moran "Sally YVhitc,"from,'DonPasqualo" Nash " One Kind Kiss before we part" ... Brower " Virginia Rosebud" .Rainer " SweepB refrain," with Tyrolean imi tatlons, by Foana . Brower First part to concludowlth " She's Gone to Alabama state"' ... Moran Part II. Equestrian and Gymnastic Mirocles. French Vaulting by the Whole Company, In which The celebrated Pablo Fanque, who reigns pre. eminent, will, on this ocoasion, astonish all lis. holders. Mrs. YeamanB's Graceful Act of Equitation, aa tha Dancing Girl of Notre Dame. Mr, H, YVnlker, the celebrated Tourblllionist, will give his Performance on tho Corde Volante, aa the Sprite of the Silver Shower, Mr. John Smith's Dramatic Act, OB Massaniello. tho Bnre.footed Fisherman. Mr. LewlB and Mons. Klaer will go through thelt extraordinary ovolutlonsonthePereian column, called La Perche. To attempt to convey any iden of this Wonderful Performance ia impoa. siblo ; it may, however, be necessary to mention the following- One of the Performers supports, in a perpendicular position on hisbreaat.a largs Pole 25 feet in length, and the other walka up It in that position, and performs Berne Wonderful Feats. Mr. W. Barlow will appear in his Laughable Scene of The Dandysette ; or Faahlona of 1855. Bolo, flutina-Opcratie Gems ... Bryant. Solo, banjo .Moran. Solo, violin .Mons. Fleury,' Ballad-Napoleon's Grave. Nash, Characteristic Banjo Trio, by Brower, NaBb, and Moran. 11' First night of" Louainnna Belle," by Foana. The whole to conduelo with the Plantation Break.Down I ! By Moran, the Champion Dancer of AustraUa, Cards of AdmiBsion-Dress Circle, 8a.; Pit, 5>, Gallery, 2s. Od. Tickets to bo obtained at the Union, Imperial, Criterion, Clarendon, Bull and Mouth, White Hart, and Queen's Hoad Hotels; also at Atr. YVUkte's Music Solcon, Collina-street ; of Mr. White, at his residence, Lonsdnle-atreet east, three doora belo» Spring.strcet; and at tho usual places. Doors open at bnlf.pnat Seven-commence at Eight. Ï. P, NASH, Agent. 58 CRITERION HALL Open for Dancing. Leader, Mr. Snmaon. New Quadrlllca will be played every Night._%fo CCRITERION, the Beat Room, BeBt Band, ana J Beat M. C. in Melbourne. Gentlemen 2s. id.' only._. 427 KITEUION HALL To-night, all new muslo with Samson's Ballaarat Quadrillée. Leader, Mr. G. Chapman. 423 RAND PROMENADE CONCERTS Every Evening. Concert Hall, Now Theatre, Bourke.stroet, Vocaliata :-Mad, Caraudini, Mrs. Hnnoook, Mr,' Hancoolr, Mr. Lyall. Solo Violin, Herr Stre. biDger. Conductor : Mr. Callen, PROGRAMME. < PART I. Overturo-Zampa . Herold Concerted Vocal Piece-" Tho' love calla us to the chase." . Rodwell Bon g~"Non plu andrai," Mra. Hancock Mozart Song-"Tho soldier tired," Mad. tf Corandlni . Arne Quadrille-Les Troubndours. Musaid Song-"Lol here the gentle lark," M re. Hancock; Flute obligato, Mr. Coozo . Blahop Duet-Don Pasqualej Mad. Daran dini, Mr. Hancoolr. . Donizetti; Wnltz-Gabrlelon . Strauss PART II. Overture-Tancred! . RosBinl Trio-"Thia mngio wove soar!" ... Barnett Irish Ballad-"The exUc's lament," Madame Carandinl . Linley SolojViolin-HerrStreblnger ... LipiSBkl Song-" Phillis is my only joy," Mrs. Hnnoook . ... Hobba Song-" My boyiiood love,» Mr. Lyall Floto» Duct-"Thecou'-intV'Mad.Carandini, Mrs. Hanooek . Glover Galop-"La Franco" . Bouvard t_God Save the Queen._K7__ MECHANIC6' Institution Dancing Cliaa Tueadays and Frldaya, 4 p.m-New Qoartet -Ttrma in advance._15 LOST, near Brighton, a Black Horse, with Sad- dle and Bridle, star on forehead, white fet- lock. Any person bringing him to Mr. Dudgeon, 159 Elizabeth-street, will bo handsomely rewarded. LOST a Purse containing Three Bovereiena, be. tween St. Kilda and Melbourne. Whoever finds the same, and bringa it to 11 Collins-street ea at, will be rewarded._25_ FOUND, a Black Gelding, with Saddle tal Bridle, near Brighton. Apply toT. C. Thom«, Brighton,_38^ NE POUND REWARD.-Loat, a Black BitonT the property of A. and W. Davies, Gardincrt Creek- road._1?5_ NE POUND REWARD. - LoBt, on the 23n4 inatant, a Gold Ring, initials. M.Ü. Who. ever wiU bring the same to 119 Littlo Bourke street eaat, Bhall receive the above Reward. 1811 i IFIY POUNDS on Conviction of Thief; US ? eaoh on Delivery.-Bay Mare, blaok pointa, well bred, 15 hands, slightly saddle.marked! age, seven off: branded N off shoulder. Husty.black Pony, three white ietlooke, ahort stiff tall, very low in shoulder, aged, branded C U near shoulder, IlIAToffncok. ," . BAUDIN BROTHERS, Mount Mercer catlli station, Buninyong._JIQ^ ' FIVE POUNDS REWARD.-Loat, a Rod Coff, cook horns and branded W^ off ribs, and notico ia hereby given to the peraon who has no» the poBseasion of her, and vvhoao addrcaa I am an» able to find out, that if he sells, diapoaea of, or ¡ partB with the said Cow but to the underalgned, | lie vvilfdoaoat his own risk and peril, and hen requested at once to communlcato bia hamo and nddrcBa to Mr. W. Gledhill, 73 Quccn.atreot, Mel- bourne, W.-GLEDHILL. IM., LONDON PROFESSIONAL LIFE ASSUUANt COMPANY. In" loratcdbyActofParUamcnt. Capital £250,000. with upwards ofOneThoasu Four Hundred Shareholders. Advantage saeoured to the living not to be fou li. any lormer existing company. olióles when once issued indisputable, AHCläffl paid in tho Colony. LOUDON niHECTORS, Chairman: Major Henry Stones, L.L.B, Deputy .Chairman: r James Andrew Durham, Esq. W. Wellington Cooper, Esq. A, Durham, Eaq., Bath and Belfast Rev. J. YV. GleadulLM.A. Rov. H. Hamilton, Kingstown Henry Hart, Eaq. , Ws .Hcseltlne.Esq. I Jacob Monteüore, Eaq. . Captain E. Nash Norcott, R.N. Xhomaa G. Willlama, Esq. > E, Gamaliel, YVlnthorp, Esq. | |MKUIOOI.NS BOARD. ( Directors : i Major Norman Campbell, J,T. ( ißi uiamLooke, Esq. 'tara Green, Esq. >bMonteilore,E8q. J.P. W, . A. Ruolier.Eeq Manager ; ' George Smyth. Esq. Medioal Relcrces : J. B. Motherwell, M.D. i W. H. Campbell.Esq. I BoUoitor: T T. A'Bcokctt, F , Bankers i , Bank of Victoria, """ i Annum Premiums for Insuring flOOi £ a. d, Age ¡JO...* .11° ° " 30.11° 0 .40... ... 313 5 60\. !" ... 3 18 e PiOBpeotuseaï with'tables! and lMt'ierl?Ä ríon of the many advantagoB to be fonT}««" cempany, to be had at the oflloo of Jacob «ra»" llore, Esq., J.P., EUzabeth-Btreet, Resident Ij¡»¡ Director in AustraUa; or at MR. GtOM* MXTH'S, Manager, 74 rJolUna-strect. . ' ' 1303 tuftijP», THOMAS M. COOK,your brother Joun.^iJ found at the Golden Ago Hotel, biw°» Diggings. 4030 »pis« lill ted mid Published by EDWIBD w"f0,,,,J1(, Liicnua &IACU3.M;», proprietor?, at "".",; CiEoe, CoUina-Btreet eMt.Wbourne.VlcKm»' 