New Advertisements. TO Let, first-rate Bakehouse Apply at 31 Lit. tie ColHnB.street west. 373 - mo Builders nnd Carpcntcre.-To Let, a Four Tie.if T0iïr?d£0U.SBw.ltu Yard and Workshop,In ÎÎ1 i ?.?írü^e-,8trf,et east>near Elizabeth-street. Apjly to Mr. John Carter, loo Little Bourke-street west._ soo TO Let, a Bix-roomed Verandah Cottage, North Melbourne. Rent moderate. Apply to Mr. John Carter, loo Little Bourke-street weet. 301 TO Let, Shop with Handsome Front, George, street, Collingwood. Apply to Mr. John Carter, loo Little Bourke-street net,_358 TO Let, in Hoddlo.Btreot, Richmond, taoiug the Bishop's Palaoe, o Two-stary atone House, consisting of three rooma and cooMng kitchen, stable, and every other convenience. The house is well finished and fit for a rcsptctoble lamily. Rent easy to o rcBpeotablo tonnnt» Apply to JOBEPH DODD, ou the premises ; or at the Toll. bar, Bimpson'B-rood, near the Lord Raglan Hotel, Hoddle-street, Richmond. 147 mar 23 | TO Let, House with Quarter-ncro of Land, in Flinders-lano east, lately occupied by Badge Brothers. Apply 81 Little Collins-street east. _157 apl 2 TO Let, Grocery and Greengrocery Business ; goodsituation, Applyll4LuTrobe.strcet. _3 TO Let, 134 Little Lonedale-Btrect east, a Shop and Three Rooms. 95 rpo Let. about One Hundred Acres of line X Arable Land, mostly oleared, fit for cropping or dairying, flvo miles from Melbourne. A good fcur.roomea house on the land. Apply to Mr. Stevenson, Chelsworth, near Heidelberg. 03 TO Let. a Shop In Gertrude-streot, Collingwood, Apply to Mr. M'Gregor, Australasian Hotel, top of Lonsdale.Btreet. 81 mar 24 O Lst, furnished or unfurnished, a Front." Room : board, if required. 5 ilorket-ttreet, tmcrald Hill._71 TO Let, a commodious Pour-roomed House, off Bourke-street eaBt. Inquire Scottish Hotel, Bourke-street._63 TO Let, first-olaas Six-roomed Hou-c, ¿a, Vio torla-parade. W.Law, seedsman, 82 Swanston. Street._40 mar 23 TO Let, St. Kilda-The commodious Brick Residence now in the occupation of Mr. Fisher, situated in Melbourne-terrace, FitzRoy- street, facing the beach. The house is in thorough repair, slated, and contains seven rooms, detached kitchen, servants' rooms, laundry, washhouse, with coachhouse and stable, &c.;, large yard and beautiful garden in front. Apply on premises, or 13 Flinders-lane west. 211 O Let, 205 llusaell.Btreet. Apply at 67 Little Bourke-street cast. 503 T TO Let, in Smith-strcet, Collingwood, nearly opposite the BhephordB' Arma, Two Allot. Mints, 10 by 90 ieet, £1 per week each. Apply M,, office ot this paper._203 TO Let on Lease, for about five years, a first rate Hotel, on the Brighton Road, contain, irjg ten rooms and a kitchen, with a five-stall «table, and two good water tanka; stands on on acre oi land close to the proposed Railway Station. Bent moderate. For Sale and on Lease also, different Allotments and Acres ot Good Land, within a Eliott distance ot Melbourne. Also, cevcral Houses to Sell and Let, in Melbourne and the Buburba. Apply for further particulars to C. H, H EIER, bailiff, house and land agent, 93 Little Collins street east, next to County Court, 38 J O be Let, Houses and Shops of all clusaes. Thomas Stevenson, Ncavo's-luildings, Col- lins-street._308 mar 23 TO Butchers,-A Shop to Let in Little Bourko Btreet.west, doing a good busiaess. Kent moderate. Apply to W. Coates, 147 King-streit. _000 TO Let, a Donrding-house, In u healthy situa- tion. Terms moderate. Apply 31 La Trobe!. Btreet west._602 TO Let, near top of Elizabeth-street, attached Four-roomed Double, rooied Cottage, kitchen and parlor stoves; stabling;, hen coopB, Bpoutin?, water-butt and tank, ^enclosed yaru. Kent only 30». Mr. Young, Blackwood-Btreet,_567 TO Let, House oontaining Shop, Seven Kooma, and Kitchen, Corner oi Collins and Stephen ttreets. '_520 O Let, Two Three-roomed Housea, Byron street, North Melbourne ; £lper week each. 163 T TO Parties requiring tirst.rate Buainesj Pre- mises in a mOBt Central Situation, ard at present doing a first.rate wholesale and Retail Trade.-To Let, that splendid Bluestone Sto.-a known as the City Tea Mart, 25 Little Bourka ttrect east, and at present in the oooupation of Thomas Field and Co. Immediate possession given. Apply on the premises._530 TO Let, Comfortable Stone Cottage, three rooms, 30s,, oppodte Empire Hotel, Errol-street, North Melbourne,_324 TO Let, Comfortable Cottage, two room*, stab- ling; rcntlow. Apply Mr.CrosB.Errol-Btteet, Kcrth Melbourne,_325 rjAO Lot or Sell, cheap, Shop, Fixtures, ona Good X will.. Apply 70 Little Oollina-street oust. _I _208 'Li OR Sale, Iron Store, 54 Market-street, Western Jj Market, suitable lor a general business. Very Cheap. _ 445 | FOR Sale, by Bell, Regnard and Co., Sugar Mauritius, counter, crystallsed, ami ration ; Kum, line dark Mauritius, 11 to 13, O.P. ; Dates, file ircsh Persian; Coals, a cargo ol New- castle coals, in tho Boy, from A. Brown's Pit. _200 ÎOK Sale, nice BtiokCottages, oil Litile collina street, and off LonEdale-atroet. Nelson and Co._6U_ TJ-OH Sale, Three Acres of good Land, opposite J? the Wattle.Tree Hotel, Great Dandenong Road, very olieap, good Market Garden Land. Apply to William Dobson, Olllces Australian Freehold Association, opposito ofihe oi this paper, 300 F FOR Sale, Lemonade Machine, on Wheels; _ Cylinders, Air-pump; by Ellis, of London, with recipes for various drinks. Terms moderate. Apply 59 Queen- street. 292 ¥j>OIt Sale.-Collingwood.-Two roome'd Cottage. JJ Prioo ¿100. It. .Rogers, Mechanics' Institu. lion Buildings._ 285 XTOH, Bale, the Trade of a first -class Family J? Hotel, with Furniture, Plate, Hxtures, ¿so, complete,worth above a Thousand Pound'.cow do- ing a first-rate trade, and situate within the city bout dary,. The proprietor, having other engage jnents, must positively clear out. For terms, io., apply to P. Aylwin, io King. Btreet, Wharf,_340_ OK Sale, at Mount Cotteral, Beve'ral AlloN ments, very cheap. James Watson, 27 Bourko-Btreetweat._10 OR Sale, a Light Park Püaeton, und a Set of Silver Mounted Harness, almost new: seat in front for two, and behind for one. Timbar well-BoaBoned, strong built. Price £45. To bo heard of at the olllco of Riehen and Bowack's. _l£2inor24 Ti OK Solo, a new Whitechapel Curt, suitable ior J? a Family, Apply at the M-lvor Etabloa, Collingwood,_384 mar 24 i. OK Sale, the Lease ol the Cnrome Farm mid J? Flour Mill, situated OH tbo river Plenty, eighteen miles Irom Melbourne ; also, adjoining the above, 10 Acres of Freehold Property, upon which a Btore is erected. Apply to Mr. bllAW, Official Assignee, No. 4 Temple Court, Chancery. June. _«70 mar 23 AGRICULTURE, Horticulture, Botany, Do mestloEwnoiny. Sto Bural Magazine for April. Georgo Robertson, publisher, Collins. street east. _ 115 AMERICAN and Draining PlougLs and Hand Threshing Alaohines. Gunn, Dundas and Co,, Flinders lano west._450 APPLES,-500 Bushels prime Van Diemen« Land Apples on Sale. Pigott Brothers and co., 104 Collina.stteet wett._;_416 JXVILS and Vy ces for Sale, Apply to Herring and White, 35 Flinders-street west, 455 A FULL Suit of Tweed made to order, and a proper fit warranted, £4 ; a Buit of Melton oloth, £5 ; one full dress black suit, seven guineas. Stubbs, Queen's Arcade. _0J0 A' WOODEN HOUSE ot two rooms and klt chon for Sale, to be removed, price £60. J, T. Hendy, house and land agent, Smith-street. _'_555 A FIRST-RATE Bprtng Cart, Horse and Har ness for Bolo. 200 Swanston-street. 244 mar 23 VERY Handsome Chcsnut Carriago Colt for Sale, JomeB Watson and Co,, Bourke- street west. . _i003_ ANGLE and T Iron, oil sizes, on Sale. R. and A. Porter'B, 95 William-street._420 A' LE fôr~Sale7- Coulthard and Abercrombie, 218 Elizabeth-street._400_ KAN, V.D.L., first quality. WHUam Bayles and Co,, 97 Collins-street._4J5 BANDY, in bulk and cases. Coulthard and Abercrombie, 218 Elizabeth-strcet. 401 A* B B UTTER,-Double Rose Cork, on Salo at Bmitti, Cannon and Co.'s, 20 Mlncing.Iane. 440 UTTER.-Two Hundred Firkins prime Hoi » stein, Joseph and Hill, l8 Lonsdale.Btroet West. _588_ LACK OIL on Sale, by the Undersigned David Moore, Bourke-street west._227 BUTTER-Four Hundred Firkins Double-Rose Cork. Joseph and Hill, l8 Lonsdale-street weet._EÜL BBAN-Four Thousand BuBhels, JoBcph ond Hill, l8 LonBdale-street wett._597 TD LASTING POWDER on Sale at D. Masterton'«, JJ 5 Little Bourke-street east._527 BIG IDARE, 207 tons reglet«, lor Sole. Apply ' to Herring ond White._iii BAN. - 600 buBhcls now landing, ex Meroury. Griffen and M'Gee, 189 Swanston-street. 470 B B B YASb'S Stout. -4 dozen Casks on Sale. Gunn! Dundas and Co., 31 Flinders-lane west. 457 B URTON ALE.-100 hhds. BurtonlAle. E. J. Morth, 20 Flinders-lone wcBt. 218 B LACK Silk Hats.-Invoices of elk and felt hats on Sale, by Browne, M'Dougal and Co, 251 New Advertisements, BALTIC Flooring, 8 x li, _ l, and x J, at Edmund Westby and Co.'s._ 310 TiUILDI.\ü Allotments for Sale, ncur Carlton JJ Garden's and New Univertity, Apply Green. it'Qucen-Bireet. 150 mar 27 BOTAN V, Agriculture, Horticulture, Domestic _C-iona). See the llural Mago tine for April. Geurie RobertBon, publisher, Collins. Hnet ea'-t. HO IiLUE fcKKUK, Jersey Bhirts, Wat-rproof J Lone, Boote and bhoBB. Wm, Watson and bens, F ilude ia-btrcot east._42 mar 2i BAGA'l ELi.K -llagatelle Boards, Wooden Raoa Gunie-H, Childi en's Carriage, "ookiLg Horses, Werk Boxe». I evy Bros., Arcade. 283 "I > AL ric tjui-uiifBoards, j and linoh.ex Moores» JLÎ luri. VUloUiii and Leighton, b1 Flinders lare, " m ARQUE IK A, frr,m Bristol.-Alloleinis against this vci tal must be rendered in duplicate to the underbi^ne-l tt.is day, or they will not be re cosniBei'. ft. RE MM, 31 William-street._ 418 BOOTd and bhoes for all the Children in~tjiô Colony. Melbourne Boot and fchoe Depot, . _ ti 4 BOOTS and bhoes. Boots and fchoes.-Tim Melbourne Boot Depot, No, 8 Eastern Market, bourke .street, having changed hands, the present jroprietors have pleasure in introducing them iclv es to the publio, willi the assurance that it will ever be their study to combine with ihe lowest i rices the best goods to be had in ti e colonv,1 leeping up a stock second to none. BAILEY aiiu 'IHOMAS, Proprietors 220 BY Order of tha Trustees.-Selling nt 50 per cent, below cost at 13 Colliiis-sttcet west (late Tucker's), hiß entire stock in tuet-, consist, mg oi i.20,000 wcrth ot themoBtsupirti Jewe-llory ever offered to the publio ot Vittoria, comprisini; fold and tilvt-r watohes, clccks, lnusiciil tioxos, filver plate st-rviccs, caid-cnsej, ftiuif-boAes, gohl el ains, and alberts, eye-glasse-t, vinaigrt-ttit. A magnificent a'tcrtment ot court Oreen eua othoi liooches, rings, earrings, bracelets, breast-pine, Ac, tel with üianionda, rubias, and other stone.-) ot first viator, and an immeiibe variety of every article in the jewellery line. All ol chaste an i i It gant dealgu», and of the inofct costly manul'uo ture. Observe-No. 13 Collins-Btrcet west. KIDSTON and ATCHISON, accountants. 293 COWS and Calves ior Saleit iïr. Attwood7^ Lower Dandeiiong.rjEd, Prahran, near the Prnbrnn Hotel._ 138 CAHDS ana Paver at Reduced Prices, i.tT-uó-5Î Çolline-stteet; also, Printing luk, (blsok.) ^._1*7_ COTTON and Merino Hosiery, all description', on Sale at Wm. VVatBon and Sour, Flinders Btreet cast. d7 mar 23 CHEAP and Durable Roofing-Patent Aephalto Felt. Henry Brooks, 13 Stephen btreet, near Flinders street. _ 301 OALS on-board the Greyhound to "to Sold cheap. John Cooper, 87 Oolliiis-btriet west. _450 CiUltHANl'a tn bale. Herring and White, Flin. J dera-strect nest. 453 AMPKIKK Burns brilliantly in Na/.ha Lamps To be had pure at Edens, Hall ami Co. _243 mar 24 CHILIAN Flour.-On Sale tho carÄcf oi th» Wanjo, from Valparnito. E. F. SlCHhL and CO., 55 Flindcts-street east. _494 CANDLES-Fifiy BoxeB Belmont SptrmTsixes. Joseph and Hill, IS -ousdale-stree-l west. _565 RAYS and Uox Carts,Wheels and Axles. Gunn", Dun dus and Co., al Flinders lune west. 458 D' DAMSONS and other Fruits on bale at D. Mas. terton'B, 5 Little Bourke-gtreet east. ¡>¡d . DOM_bTlGi.cononiy,AgriouItiirt\ Horticu'ture, Botany. See Kural itagatine for April, George Robeitsoii, publisher, Col)ina Btreos east. 118 D E: UCKS and 1 OWIM for Sale-About Tv, enty-fivo or Thirty Couple of Fcvvl- ml St vt-n d3. Hucks fc-r Sale. Apply to Mr. vVht tOer, builder, Bedford-Btreet, Col-ngvvood, near the- Shepherd's! Arms._294 DOG-OART.-A very superior Dog-Cnrt, just imported. Made by Fuller ol Bristol, with the new improvements. Apidy to Hilliard Kemm, William-street, * _-H5 NGLIsil"CÔiil on Sale, nt H. and A, Porter's, 95 Williuu-btreet, oppobite ieiegrapn Office. _425 Íi^ltKuCU Mcrinoet", CoburgB, Orlear.fl, Kegatt", ' Shirts, Blue and Scarlet fc'orgi-ih,j-ts, Aber oecn Knit Hall-Hose, Moleskin Trouser-*, Shooting Couts, Cloth Vests, Groy Culicoct», Invoices of thu above on i »le, by Browne. M'liou^al and Co. _259 OR £75, Two.roemed Cottaae, with Ground, 45 x 50, F< need, close to the rialinor.il Anns, Prahran. Aipplj to Oaccon, Balmoral-slieet, Prall. rtn._|_112_ CHANNELS,Blinkets,OilBniziE,btun>, Prints", V Calicos, Linens. Wm, Watoou end toiiB, Ilinders-aticct east._->¿ ni3r23 B^ENOINfTwillE, cheap, to clcBe ni> invoice. Gunn, DundttB and Co., 3i FliiiUers-lanu v. est, _ 450 «JvLOUR MILL and Four-hor<-u Gear Works, X? Gunn, Dundas and Co., Eliiiders- lsue went. i 1)0 1REVVOOD, 25 tons, landing at the Queen's Wharf, lor Side by Hinckley aid Co , crncr of Collins und William etrect-i._ f90 GAS Shares,-Twenty Old Shares for Sale nt par. Apply Pawn Office, b Collins-street weet._29i3_ Gi ARDEN sEEDS.-A fine variety of the abjve K may be bud at the Coloniul Corn und Seed Store, Brunswick-street, opposite the iirunsvtlJk Hotel._597__ e"~_tITLEStEN'S Light Wellingtons, fi\ m 0* öd.; Bluchers, ii ona 4s.; at the Melbourne Boat Depot, Eastern Market, ^_2 LOVES, French and English Kid, bilk, Liple, Taffeta, Braganza, Cashmeie, Cloth. Wm, Watton »nd Sons. 4.1 m"r23 GALVANISED Corrugated Iron, all sizes and gungee, on Sale. It. and A. Porter'u, i>5 Wil liam-street. 424 -RRlNGSi-Prime I.ochllne IlerringsTiñfb> kins, tor Sale at 107 Elizabcth-btreet, 520 HOTEL for Sale, well situated ut Sandhurst} Bemligo Pigging«, doing a good trade, anti in a very improving locality, with immature, &o;, having Bowling-alley, Stables, and Suue, on liberal terms. Apply H. Johnson, 7H Chancery. liine, Melbourne._ 518 mar 21 HOTEL tor bale, by private bargain, now ereot ing, and cm shortly be opaitcd, containing Thirteen Kounis, largest 30 feet by 12, with Uta. bling, at Juycetovvn, fourteen miles Irom Castle, maine and ten miles fiom Carisbrook. Apply to Sir. Orford, propnetor, on Hie pivmiic:-, or uy let. ter, prepaid, to Castlemaine._ _547 HORTICULTURE, Agriculture, "Botany, Do. mtslic Economy. Bee llural Magazine tor April. George Robertson, pnbl-litr, Collins, htrcet east,_117 ABEUDiSHERY, Kibbons, Lace, Tiimmfngs, Stays, Flowerr«, limbrellas, on SÀH.: Wm, Watson and Sons, Flmders-Btreet eaet. 45 mar 23 In ON 810KK, suitable for the diggings, and Tvvo-roociol cfouseB, very portable. Gunn, Dundas and Co., 31 Flinders-lane weat. 4G1 JAIL BAGS and Goir Matting for Sale. Herring and White, Flinders-street weet. 454 JOINER'S Work.-Enellsh-made Sdslies.""wlth frames, lineB and weights, assorted. Fdmund Westby nt-d Co.'.-._315 JOINERS' Work.-English and Amoricun En. trance Parlor and Bedroom Do"rs useortod. Edmund WeBtby and Co.'s._310 JOINERS' Work.-English Prepared Veuldings K mid Cotnieea, from H to 10 inch. Edmund Westby and Co.'s._317 LADIES' Boots in j?reat Varietj ; Cashmero BootB, Irom 2s. Od, Welbourne- -cot Depot, 8 E estera Market._2¿l_ CG Timber in Red Pille mid Kaurie, H tol8ft. Edmund WeBtby and CO.'B. 311 LABELS of Every Description may bi had of Luoaa Brothers, printers, Collins street east, _123 AMBSWOOL Shirts, Pants, Half Hos?, ííosi% on Sale, Wm, Watson and Sons. Flinders. Btreet east._36 mar 23 LAUNCESTON Seed Oats, Do. Feed Oats, on Sale. Wood and Co., 59 Flinders street west. 210 ELBOUliNE DIRECTOilY, for 185ÖT 8vo!i' prloo los. bound. James J. Blundell and Co, 44 Collins-street ¡weet._205 ESS PORK-ICO liali'-BoTrels. guaranteed, 55», each, 7 King-etrcet, back AlctcaritlloHotel, 250 M: MILLINERY, Bonnets, Mantles.Underclolhin?, Children's Dresses, Hoods, Boots, (¡tilers. Wm. Watson »nd Sons, Flindctsstreet cast. _ 44 mar 23 MARRETT':! er Otard's Bnndy.-"Vsñtid 15 hhds. Williams and Blason, 45 Flinders. ttreet weat._338 _ fEWCASTLE COALS.-180 Tons of Burwood w prime Coals for Sale in the Hay. 47imorS .VfAPTHA LAMPS.-Don't destroy your Lamp» _>l by burning Turpentine: get pure Camphlne, Edens, Hall and Co. _ 247 mor 24 O ATB, primo V.D.L., on Bole. William Bayles and Co., 97 Collins-street. <3t OIL.-Hussey, Bond and Hale offer for 8a!a 20 tunB best Polar Oil. 114 Collins-Ftreet west. 353 O LD TOM, in bulb and bottle. Coulthard and Abercrombie, 31K Elizabeth-etreet. 403 OH Sale, by the Undersigned.-Tobacco, beat brands, consisting of Barrat's anchor brand, r B. B. and Co, £ «tcrllng, Loftier1«, Taylor's, Ehellard's, io., In liolf-tlerceB and kegs. David Moore, Bourkc-street west. 270 ON Sale, by the undersigned, Brandy, dark, in hhds.; Whiskey, Campbolton; 4Pro bushels 6v ¿nev bran : W.I. Hum nnd Hock, in three doz.-n ititi ;' Sherry a«- Port, W. Gir__er,87 CblUns £ticet;W««t, J7,J New Advertisements. 0 ATS-Twelve Hundred Bushels Scotch. Jo. seph and Hill, l8 Lonsdale street west. SS6| JOTAlOFb, best Warrnambool on bale Wil- liam Baj lea and Co , 97 Collina street. 43} POlAiOEb lor bale at Queen a M hart; now landing, c\ EOIUB, the very best in the mar. lett 519 )OBTER Coulthard and Abercrombie, 218 Elizabeth street 405 POBT Coulthard and Abercrombie, ¿l8 Eliza, beth street 405 PAKCHMbtvf Memorial« InBolvenU.» anl Creaitrri' lorma, at Lucas'a Paper Wfcrehouw < ollins street east 123 I3OTAT0E8 landing this diy, ex Fullerton, on Sale, on the Queen's Wharf, opposite W11. Horn street 322 POTA10ES-len Tons primo Brown's River Potitoea on Sale Pigott Bros and Co, 104 Cellins street west 407 POKO- Rb' Trucks, Hand carts, io, to be sold cheap Applj to Richard Kemm, di William», street 416 POlAiOEb -A BmaU cargo of New ¿«aland Po- tatoes lor Sale Apply this day to Horton, 11 ompson and Co, 148 Flinders lano west 443 POIATOES-A splendid bainplc for Sale. Joshua Cocker and Co, cornei of I-linden. lerne and Russell street. 335 PU EN I Weighing Machine, with weighso corrplete, for bale, cheap Apply Thoms). Whiteker 07 Elizabeth street_205 POIAIOLS 15 ton", in store, for bale by Grillon and M Geo 189 Swanston street 478 R UM Coulthard and Abercrombie, 218 Eliza* beth Btrce* 402 f>ARE Opportunity-For Bale, Macedon noel L Coleraine Cottages, Quecnsrcrr> street Ap. plyJMr Masters llowmd strect^orth Mcloonrn», oppos'te North btar Hotel 135 ILIS, -White Treestone, for bale, cheap Glover and Edwards, 72 Flinders street weat. 441 S ¡HERP Y Coulthard and Abercrombie, 218 5 El zabelh atreet 407 s PERM L-iiiDLLS on bale by James Kidson, 30 Flinders lane east 593 bEEHb, becda, Garden Seeds, warranted C3, Ionial Macdonald, seedsman, bcotch Store, 103 Bourke street east 574 AW BEWHhB, Forges and VjcoBenohes, &o; 3 G unn, Dundas and Co , 31 Flindeis lone weat 402 S IOR VGL for Light Gooda, at current ratea G unn, Dundas und Co , 31 Flinders l.me weat. 463 SEED OATS - Best VanDiemen's Land, now landing Griffen and M Gee, lbO Swanston Btreet 477 SLOPb, Molo, Cord, Doe, and oilier Trousers, Coats, Vesta Wm Watson and bons, Fita« ders street ea»t 37 mar 23 loiURfb, Calió, Linen Fronts, Regatta, and IO Scotch Twill Wm Watson and oona, Flin- ders street cast 30 mar 23 b CARLE I, Blue, White, and Grey Blanket-«. Wm Watson and bona, 131 Flinders street catt 40 mar 23 EEDS t, irilen bed" -About eightj varietle». 5 Apply 1 Hinders lane west 253 8 AlPb bpaie, nil sizes in Kauiie, Irom 85 Ieet downwards at Edmund Westby and Co.'s. 311 i^HÜP JsBONIS- Chance'siliickSheet Window k5 01a°s, of superior quality, in sizes of 50 x 32, and under, and particularly adapted ior shop fronts, as a lisa expensive eubatitu e for Plate Glass Her ry Brooks, 13 Stephen street, near Flinders street 302 S UPErUOK Whiting, £0 per ten Henry Brooks, 13 Stephen street south 303 rv\0 Diggora and Others -lo be bold a Bargain, JL a nrat rata Fuddling Machine, at M Ivor, capable ol washing 20 loads per diem It is now washing stuil which yields three pennyweights per load Alao, a spacious Tont, oapable ol accota modatmg six or eight persons, cost ¿«0, together with a Cooking btove Price ior the whole, only ±100 Cash Apply to Mr MUbKETl, Messrs. Charlwood and bon s, Bourke street cast 260 mo Mahons and Bricklayers-lenders will be JL received tor Building a Range oi Stables and Dwelling Iiouce, at Ldinund \\\ cstby and Co's, Wharf limber yards Plans and specifications can be seen on tho premises 312 TO Conieotioners - A first rate ¿cid Drop Machine, for Sale, quite new Applv Mr bimpson's btore, London House, Bank street, 1 une Emerald IlilL 30 rpHE ra al Magazine -Prosptctut.es may be JL obtained ot every Bookaellei and SeedBman in Melbourno nnd Geelong 114 TANKS-Iron, superior make, on bale Ingles, Adam, and oresliam, bundridte, and 6 King stre et, Melbourne 4D0 mar 23 TO V» atclunakcrs-Ior Sole, splendid Patent Regulator, best m colony 13 LoLins street; weBt (late fucker's) 282 TUKKLYS lor bale very line Eduard May, close to the punt, Footscray_413 T IP CAIll, Engllsh-mode, quite new, to be sold cheap Rkliard Kemm, 31 VI llhum street Ê417 TO Pilatus-Pressos for bale-One new Columbian Super royal Printing Press, with ink table, moulds. Press, cheup Apply by letter to 25 Queen's Arcade. 210 TO Carriers and Draymen to and from tho Ovens -Hay, Oats and Bran can be had in any quantity at the store of Hugh Middlemias, Longwood, bjdney Hoad U3 mor -8 d ond wk npURNERY ol every description, labio Le¡,t JL W aslist and Legs, Bkittlca, Ao, on bale Vic toria Saw "Mills 684 T\\\ O Wooden Cottages ior bolo oheap, to be re« moved immediately James Watson and Co, Bourke ctreet_4004 mar 23 rplNbMUHb Wire, No 8, at lud per hundred. X HuLhea, tinsmith, ICO Little rourke street east_4£9_ rpO Be bold lor £70, ihe Wiltshire Boarding house JL Eastern Market, with goodwill ana every, thing required to carry on 0 good business A substantial building, 40 feet bj ¿0 in teven com. paitments_230 TEA, bliglilly Damaged, duty paid, lor Sale decided bargain Rue!, Long, and Co , Black- wood street, Iiortli Melbourne,_212 HBLE Iron btores, from 40 x 28 ieet x 12fecr, on Sale Plans and particul rs at Carron limber yard, 72 Flinders lane east _542 mar 23 VIGTOiilA Commercial and Nautical AJmanaok lsr 1855 pp 232, price. Os James J Blun dell and Co 44 Collins street nest_207 "XJtl IN 1ER BootB - Watertight)!, Irom 12s Od j YV Lace up Boots, from 6a Od ¿lo 8 Eastern Market_223 WINDOW GL4.bb, ex California-Just re oeivcd a largo assortment of Chances Patent Plate, Sheet, Crown, Colored, btained, Cathedrol, Ornamental, and Obscured Window Glass Henty Brooks, 13 btcphen street, between Flinders Btreet and I linders lane 3O0j¡JJ ' Ali It C \SK-5, all sizea on Sole Ingles, Adim, and Gresham, bandridge, and 0 King street, Melbourne_491 mar2S "Wf Aïeuls on bale, by the Undersigned VV David Moore, Bourke stieet west ill HlbKEY (Scotoh) Coulthard and Aber crombie, ¿l8 Ehzubcth Btreet 401 "W ~£7f7 0LLLS, fccotch mar uicoture, for Sale VV Glovei ond ¿.dwarda, 72 Flinders street west_4W_ 1NC, Zlno-Five Tons Sheet Zinc, gu3ge8 10 and 11 Carron limber > ard, 7 ¿ Flinders. lane east_541 mar23 ivOB bolo by tho Undersigned - JJ 30 tona Patnarico 10 do potatA.es 5 do onions 10 do flour 200 casca pickles j tone bacon 15 wharf drays J J CLARKE, corner oí Market Equare and Hindere street_315 FOR Sale by GILL, FOWLER and CO., 13 Little Collins-street west— 1 twelve horse-power steam engine 1000 yards continuous iron fence, with gates complete Roman cement and plaster Paris 344 mar 23 F -», OB bale by the Undersigned JJ 10 ton« potatoes, prime Sydney 20 tons Patria rice 10 cosci prime bacon 2 tons prime Swiss cheese 15 000 fire bricks, now landing Brandy (French) in lilma and cases 70 cases sperm candles ltcsenocd cottago pianos, Hornur.fi s (of Copenhagen) patent iron framed MELCHIOR and CO, 88 Flinders lane west _347 F O R S-ile, by tho Undersigned 500busbelB of Danish oats 500 do Calcutta oats Geneva, in oaeee, anchor and key brands Brandy, in bulk and cases, in bond 100 boxes Belmont Bperm candles 50 do French sperm candles 510 gross ol IN E lucifers b B1RAKOSCH and CO, Flinders lane west, corner of Bond street_ _ 881 F lOB Sale at Low's Store, Flinders street (late Immigrants Aid Society) Superior London dog cart Do harnesB, varioua Portable gold washing moohines Merino hats, ChruBty's Potent moleskin trousers, stropped with leather . Invoice alpaca gooda, shirts, trousers, Ac, Do whips 190 mar 23 O N bale. by the Undersigned, Ex Win Barry Brown. 20 tons superior flour 20 do seconds do Ex Jane, 100 tons Brown's beat Newcastle coals ¡ D GUTHRIE, 37 Flinders lane cost ^^ Ke»7 Advertisements, JUST Landed, Musical Instruments, _*-7" VlolinceUoí I Bows, Bridges, Pegs, 4U' Violins | Horns Strings I Flutinas Guitars I Pianofortes Bugles I Claricncts Cornopeans j Flutes Metronomes' | Accoráoons Also a large HF'orlment oi tho newestMusic. JAMES J. BLUNDELL and CO., 44 CoUina. street weet. 264 LANDED and on Sole at the Stores of the Un- dersigned 60 bales American marine duck, Nos. 1 to 0 80 do do twilled Bavin's Round and square iron for puddling ma« chines and steam, engine »hafts Milner's patent fire nnd thiel proof iron safe?, with drawers, and fitted with Hobbs'a patent safety leda WALTER POWELL, wholesale ironmonger, Swanston-street, near the bridge. 15 M' ASON and SMITH have on Sale: Port and cherry wines, Gertlon's and other good brands, in octaves and quarter« Dusks Champagne, claret, rudeshelm, and other wines Brandy, in eight and ten-gallon kegs Brandy, dark and pule, in hogsheads Brandy, United Vineyards' and Hennessy in cases Geneva Tanqc otay's old tom Butty's and Heaton'« oilmen's stores Linseed oil, in ircn drums Galvanised and corrugated iron, and iron atores Sheet iron, blister Ffcel Assorted invciocB of ironmongery Countess ard ladies slates 4 cases miscellaneous works, handsomely bound 1 case Morison'rt pills Sundry cases ol assotted bootß and shoes. 3 Flinders-strcet east. 504 mar 24 TVTEW MUSIC, just landed, and on Sale.-. JJN Songs Quadrilles Polkas ard waltzes Preceptor?, Ao James J. ¡Blundell and Co, 44 Collins street, went. 203 ON Sale uv t'je undersigned : 100 ton3 Chilian flour. Union Mills, gua. rant-dsweet ard Round IO tons best seconds Town Wills flour 15 do Chilianflour.moiûorlcssdnmaged IO do pearl bal py and pearl sago lo do yellow and brown toap io do coffeo .SCO bushels oats DOO boNea Frenoh sperm condies, I-lb pnrkages. E. F. SICHEL and CO., £5 Flinders ttreet east, 493 SANDRIDGE FIRE BELIEF FOND.-The foi lowing partie?, «ho ¡\re entitled to dividends from this fund, will receive the tame on npplica tlon to the Seoretniy, nt the ellice ot Messrs. Hinckley and Co., Boy-ttreet, Sandridge. Peter Brown Joseph Forbes -Hollis Jnm>'B Panklmrst William Smith Oeorgo Tw cedlo -«'ard. WM. C. TALLANT, Secretary, T05 mar 24 & ALK at Windsor Palace, St. Kilda, this day ' 22nd Mardi Hogarth's Illustrated WorkB Punoh complete Illustrated London News Waverly Novels 200 volumcB by the best authors And » great variety of housihold furn!» ture. 609 O N Sale, by the undersigned, Frenoh embroidered silks Patent knife-clenncrs Choice assortment of dining-room lenders 150 toni Englii-h coal 180 do. Newcastle do. 20 1 lids Islay whiskey 15 ar.-caskB do. do. 50 hhds dark brandy, vorioU3 brands' 40 q.r.-casks dark brandy 10 hhds pilo do. All'op's palo alo Do do, in bulk Port wine, ia bulk Sherry, do, JOHN BAIilD and SOV, 23 Market-Btwct. _408 TO Clothiers. Outfitters and Others, - A splendid invoice of line white and regatta shirts 1800 pairs ianoy t>nd block pants, spring bottoms, Hy fronts Assorted liobieiy, will be poid cheap. Apply at.'HhYNEMiNN, WEsT »na CO.'S, oorner ol Flinders lane and Rus- all.streot. 287 ON S A L E by the Undersigned 50 hhds Martell's dark brandy 20 do United Vineyard do 100 do Burl on ale. E. J. MARSH, 20 Flinders-lnne we't. 21» r f~\ TONS magnitio-'iit PotatoeB un SIIIH at O v/ Jo'hua Cooker and Go's,, corner of Flin, ders.lane and Russell street. 3á5 1 Kí~\ AAA FEET Quirteilng. at further IOUJUUU reduced prices, Victoria Saw »ills. 583 />/"\/"%/~\ DEALS, Solid RndCut,nt the lowest milla. BALLAARVr.-N. ;M'Lccosk. Dr. Sickler,-Un- less the Blr.ck Horse, branded CN near choulder, be removed, and all expenses paid, within fourteen d.ij s, he will be sold to defray tho same. E. Heynoston. 97 BLAIRM Vermin Extermlnutor Destroys Rats, Mice, Flies, Bugs, Beetles, Ac. 21 Littlo Bourke street east. 412 CABINET nnd Upholstery work done i*i the best style. Paxton and Allan's, SO Collina« Btreet east._500 mar 27 CLOTHING meda to order at slop price? ; good tweed Trou-ers 25s, per per; fuptrior do. 27s. 6d ; black dress do. 303. Stubbs, Queen's Arcade._615 COLONIAL FREEHOLD LAlsD SOCIETY^ Members of this society uro respectfully informed that their monthly fUUBCriptions brcomo duo on Monday, the 20th inst. William Dnisli, secretary, 41 Swanaton-strcet. 21st March, 1855. _210 m r 27 alt DBSING-UOOU Choirs.-The finest ái^rtmiñt in tlie colony. Paxtin and Allan's, 80 Col lins, street eau._5U5 mnr 27 DISSOLUTION OP PARTNERSHIP.-We, til« Undort-ignoel, trading a3 Storekeepers at Erne» raid Hill, hoieby Rive notice that the Partnership lately subsisting between us wtsDieaolved by mu. tual consent on the l7tli inst. All parlies indebted te tlie said firm arc re. quested to pay their respective uccountu immo-. diatcly to tho aoid Robert llookins, by whom tho buBiness will in future- be canied on. THOMAS HOBI-RT ADAMS. BOBERTHOU1UNÖ. ^fWitneas-Henry Evans. _550 DIGGINGS.-Goods Forwarded lor Storekeepers I at Current Rates. W. S.vsgo «ud Co., for. warding agents, 20 Mincing-lane. 420 ECONOMY, Comfort, and Elegance Combined^ Pnrllea requiring Outfit» lor the tnening reason, will do well to call on Stubbs, tailor and I ou tatter, 71, 72, and 73 Queen's Arcade. 063 ESTATE S. and T. AYËSSL-A Second and Final Dividend ia payable on tim abovo estate at tho offices ol'Measra Jamieson und Moore, wine and BpirK merchants, 17 E.i/.abetli.tueet. ECU'B. 1I.T. MOIHE, 1 Trusteo? , Wal. PETERSON, j" to Estate, _409 mar 23 ' GOVERNMENT Bridges.-Tho parry who called I on John Carter, will pleuso call again con. ccrning iron work._ 497 MELBOURNE Circulating Library.-S ubsori. bera arc respectfully informed tbut the wholo of the Works :of that celebrated Noveiist,-Daniel De Foe, have Just been added,_386 MELBOURNE Circulating l.ibroij-, - A new and revised catologuo ia iu coure o ol' pre-pa« ration, and will be ready in a iciv days. Bourke. gtreet east._ 387 MELBOURNE Circulating Library.- Subscrip- tion only Twenty Shillinga for three mondia, payable from the day of entry._383 MELBOURNE Circulating Library, Bourke Btreet easl, opposite tho Eastern Market, two doora from Stephen.street._380 MELBOURNE Duke of York Lodge ol' tho I. O. of O. F.-The members of the above lodge uro hereby summoned to attend a meeting, on Friday evening next, the 23d inst., on business of great importance. By order oftlieN.G., J, II. A., Seo. _ SS0 mar 23 TrVTOTICE.-If the Machlneryleft in the paddock JL> between Flemington and Moonee Ponds (is not removed within fourteen days from tlii- data, the some will be sold to pay expenses. Mbrch 21st, 1855\. Arthur Smith._153 mar 21 "\J O TICE.-We shall, within leven floys, Sell all I JL^I Luggage in our StoicH, belüg thrte-n-ontlis ill arrears . unies immediately poid for. W I fc"avago and Co. (TUßton and bavugc-.) Melbourne aist, Maroh »ti._43J .VJOTICE.-The Partneraliip lien toforo existing JLX between Thomas Field CHU'J hoinae Grillltlia, ftûcers, Melbourne, is thiB day Dissolved by mu. uti consent, March 22nd, 1855. All claims must te cent in on or before April the 1st ; and all EOOOuntB due to the estate must be paid on or before April tho 1st, 1855. Signed, THOMAS FIELD, THOMAS GRIFFITHS. Witness, Francis Eves._a io .VTOTICE,-li the Two BullockB left in our pad. J> dock, by Andrew Henderson, on the 2lBt De. comber last, bo not released ia fourteen days after I thifl date they will be sold to defray expenses. One Yellow and White Bullock, Kg near shoul. der, W8 ofTribs, W8 oifrump. one Black and White Bullock, W near «mr. DALYondM-WHUiTER,Ballestón. MarohlOfii, 3 M5. _ 141 ?Vi OTtCE.-If Henry Harrison does not lolcaso JW within fourteen dayB the Bullock left in our paddock on the 6th November, 1:53, he will be Bold to pay expenses 1 red bullock, hoop horne, 2 reversed off riba, like J off thigh, with other brands. m"T","_ DAT Y and M'WIJIttTER, JfaJltiMn, Murob. 19, 1655. 1*9 New Advertisements. .Vi OTICE-Unless Mr Parks removes his b3 JUl horn my house within lourtcen days it will be sold to defray expenses John Addicott 53 mar 2t "VTOIILE- Given into my charge on the'lst X1 January, on the Columbine Bridge, ona EDglish made Spring Waggon to bring down to the Keilor PlainB, now lying at George Rogers s, Keilor Plains, and ii not lal en away wiri In four dayB from this date will be sold by i ublio auction lo pay expense" William Hiern 109 mar 21 lytOUCE-A Bay Horse, branded O on tho iN Bhoulder, and «ith one hind loot white, was leftin our paddock about eleven months ago ihe omer is required to remove it, and to pay our charge-, before the 1st May nc\\.t In default ot 11B doing so the Horse wall be sold to defray ex. rentes MAULEY and PARKER, Toolamba, by Wa rorga 18th Matoh, 1855 108 mar 24 TjAbS-NGKRS per Lightning - luggage X forwarded with despatoh to all the »,old ieldg,and stored free Daniel and George Ford, landers. Blossom's ofllce, Elizabeth street, near the Hallway_140 mar 23 BURAL MAGAZINE, a Monthlj Journal of Fanning, Gardening, Botany, and DomoBtic Eccnomv Robertson, publisher, Collins street east__HO TO New Arrivals-Lloyd's Coflio Ilooms j use opened, 32 William street. Meals at reaeona ai le chertés 010 rivRY btubbs s Braooless Proubcre, and j ou will X be convinced thoy are the most coratortablo ever introduced into the colonies, made up to mi asure on the premises, 71, 72, and 73 Queen's Arcade_004 TO be Let, m Little Collins slrcet between Elizabeth and Queen Btreet?, a 3 roomed Brick House and llitohen, in first rate order Rent ¡fc.3 jirweek Thomas Stevenson, house and land tgtnt, No 2, Neave's Buildings, bwnntt n and Collins streets_30j mar 2-4 ïî7b~vTllH Wanted ioma diately W o Srmth'd Fltmintton_393 THE Partnership hitherto existing hetweea us. Wine and Spirit Merchants nt Castlemaine, under the name and style of Mathow.Cay and Co , lins been Di«Bolvod Elnco the first day ot Mnroh inttant All debts duo to or by our late firm aro to te received and paid by tho underaigmcd Eduard Cay, who continues the business on his own account Dated at Melbourne, this 17th day of Varch, 185». GEO MA IHE W LDVVAltû LAY Witness, Colin M Maokannon OH rpO Parents and Guardians-Belmont Houso X Academy, Punt road, feouth Yana -Mrs lltchei Hunton begs to announce that the lias Vacanc'cs for a few Doitders and Doy Scholars. The quarter oommences on the 25th of Marco, Mr Vitelii, professor of singing, and Mr becond, of dal cmg For terms and prospectus ípply as alove, or to Mr HANSON, Cornell Chambers 02 TO Friends and the Public -Mr Francis Augus tuiCox son ot Hie late Rev Dr Cos of Lon- don and during the last Bixteen months managing partner ol the llrmol T A Coi and Co , London, »rd Paris limey repository, 49 Collins Btreet east, having dissolved partnership, Is desirous of au immediate engagement N B -I shall be on the premis°s during the next fiw day s, and shall be happy to hear from, or see, any Ir'endB interested in | my welfare rilANCIb AUGUSTUS COX 21st March, 1855_Al THL, "RURAL MAGAZINE," a Monthly Jour, nal ol 1 arming, Gardening and Rural Economy Prospeotuses at Sinoluir's seed shop, Bourke street 286 TLÑ POUVDSIntoieBt for £40 for six months' on freehold security Address Loan, otliee ot this paper_509 YIC TOHIA, la'o Australia Telif, or Port Philip District ol Now South Wales Leirg au Historical and Descriptive Account ot the Colony nnd its Gold Mines, with an appendix containing the Reports of tho Melbourne Chamber of Commerce lor the last two years upon tho Ctndition and Progress of the Colony By William Westgarth late Member of the Lcgia lati o Connell of Victoria With colo ed Map. 8vo , price 12s 6d JAMLS J BLUNDELL an J C5, 44 Collina Btreet west _ _200 1*,4 (~\f\ IG Advance on Any Kind ot Goods A.tKJKJ It bmitl,42 Bourke etreet webt 423 1 £' O <"7(~\ (~\ -TO Lend upon City 1 rceholds VV. ¿tO (\J\J Gardiner, 87 CollinB street west. _174_ P1í~\r\í~\ -IO Lend on llrst rate Suburban JJLKJKJKJ Property W Gardiner, b7 Col hns atreet west._175 L OAA 10 Lend upon llrBt-rato Suburban JiO\J\J Property. VV Gardiner, 87 Collins« _ west_173 IN the fauprcme Court of tho Colony of Victoria - In ita F ccle-Iastionl Juris uclion- In the goeds of Ldward Doherty, late of Hichmond, in ihe Colony ol Victoria, innkeeper, deceased -Io ti e next of km of Edvv ard Doherty, late of Rich Bond, in the Colony of Viotoria, innkeeper, de- ceased, greeting We co-nmand j ou that within louiteen days after the llrst day of publication of tins summons you do appear beiore this honorable toert, to shew eause why you, oi some, or one ol you, Bhould not toke out or reí ufo Letters of Adnu niptration ol the property of Edward Doherty, late of Richmond, innkeeper, deceased, or otherwise v\Iy such Letters should not bo grnnted to George Hull, a creditor of the Bald Edvvaid Do- herty, deceased Witness, His Honor fair William A'Seckett, knight our Chief Justice oi the buireme Court ol the Co'ony ot Viotoria, this twenty that day ot March, m the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred und Ititi five FRLDK WILKIASON, Master in Equitj 80 th and tu mar 27 IN the Insolvent Estate ol W B Heyward, of Kyneton, in Hie colony of Victoria, Brewer - Whereas, on the petition of the Bank of Austral asia, of Melbourne, in the said colony of Victoria, the Estate of W B Heyward, the above named iniolvent, was on Thursday, the fifteenth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty five, by order of his Honor, Mr Justice Williams, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of tbe colony of Victoria, placed under sequestration in my hands until the same should, by the said Supreme Court, be adjudged to be sequestrated, or the said petition discharged according to law; and his Honor did appoint Thursday, the fifth day of April next, for the said W. B. Heyward to appear before the Supreme Court to shew cause why his Estate should not by sentence of the said Court be adjudged to be sequestrated for the benefit of his creditors ; and his Honor did at the same time appoint Edward Courtney, Esquire of Melbourne, one of the Official Assignees of Insolvent Estates within the said colony, to be the Official Assignee of this Estate. Dated at Melbourne, this 21st day oi March, A 1) 1855 TREDK WIIKINSON, Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estatea _ 4057 IN the Insolvent Estate ot lliomaa Littlo, J, Welby, and Francis Abraham Little, ol Mel. bourne, in the colony ot Victoria, Merchants trad, ing under and using the nome, Btyle and firm ot Little, Welby and Co -Whcrea», on the petition ol the Bank ol Australasia, of Melbourne in the said colony oi Victoria the estato ol I liornas Little, J. Welby and Francia Abrihnm little, the above, nsmid insolvente, waa, on lhursday, the flltoentli dry ot March, one thousand eÍL,ht bundled and fllty Ave, by order oi his Honor, Mr Justice Wil- liams, one of the judges oi the Supreme Court of the Colonj of Viotorla, placed under eequeitrutton in my banda undi the same should, by tho said bupreme Court, bo adjudged to bo aequoEtra ed,oi Hit said petition tli«ohargcd according to law , and lils Honor did appoint Thursday, the filth day ot April ne\t, tor the said Thomas Little, J Welby, rnd Francis Abraham Little, to appear before the stud bupreme Court, toshewcausc why their estato fhould not, by sentence of the said Court, bo ad- judged to be sequestrated for tho benefit of their Creditors, and lila Honor did at the same time appoint Roheit Edward Jacomb, Esquire, ot Mel. bourne, one of tho Official Assignees of Insolvent Estates, within the said colony, to bo the Ofllcial Assignee ol this Estate fat d at Mtlbourae this 21st doy of Maroh, An 1855 FREDK WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner of InfOlventEatatCB_4050 IN the Insolvent EBtato ot John Cameron and William Cameron, of Flinders street, Mel bourne, in the colony oi Viotorio, Storekeepers, trta ng under and using the name style or Arm of Cameron ond Compony -Whereas, on the peti- tion oi the Bank ol Australasia, ot Melbourne, in the Bait! colony of Victoria, the estate ot John Cameron and William. Cameron, the above named insolvtrtB, was, on Thursday, the fifteenth day ot Al arch, one thousand eight hundred and fury tlvo, by order of his Honor, Mr Justioo William-', one ol I he judges of the Supreme Court oi the colony of Viotoria. placed under Bequeatrotion in my hards until tho same should, by the Supreme Ccurt, be adjudged to be sequestrated, or the said Edition discharged nooording to law, and his onor did appoint Thursday, tho fifth day ot April next, for the Enid John Cameron and William Cameron to appear belore the Bald bupreme Court, to shew cause why their estate should not, by sen. tes ce of the sold court, be adjudged to bt seques- trated for tho benefit ot their creditors , ana his Honor did at the samo time appoint George Shaw, Eequire, of Melbourne, one of the Ofllcial Assignees of Insolvent Lstates within the Bald colony, to bo the Offlolal Assignee of this estate Dated at Melbourne this 2lEt day of March, A D, 1E55 FREDK WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner oí Insolvent Estates_4058 IN the Supremo Court of the Colony of Victoria Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction -lu the Will of Vi illiam Irons, of Indented Head in the Colony of Viotorio, Farmer -Notice is hereby given that application will be made to Ihia honorable Court in its ecolesiaBticaljurisdictlon, at the expiration of iourteen days from the date of publication of this notice, that probate of the eaid will may bo granted to Alary Irons, the widow ond sole exeou, ttix of the Bald testator. Dated at Geelong this 20th day of March, À D. 1E55 SANDFORD and HARWOOD, Prootors for tho said Mary Irons_3200 ACCOMMODATION for Gentlemen and Ladies at tho dclighUully-Bituated House 133 Col Hne-street east_564 mar 23 AN Express Spring Waggon will Btart for Bon digo on Friday morning, at eight o'olook, ioie X3 For farther particulars apply to Mr. Ferns, Imperial Hotel, Elizabeth-Btreet. Parcels »lid swags taken_655 TTvOG-CARTS, and Saddle HorBcs for Hire JL/ M'IsauiMon, veterinary eurgeon, oppialto. BtnM ©ooe, 6« New Advertisements. BRIGHTON GENERAL CEMETERY.-- Ten- ders will be received from Parties willing to provide all Labor and Materials for Fencing in the Ground appropriated for the Brighton Ceme- tery, about Twenty Acres. The plan and specification may be seen (be- tween the hours of ten and four) at the office of the undersigned, where the tenders must be de- livered on or before 29th March, 1855. The names of two responsible parties must accompany the tenders who are willing to enter into a bond for the fulfilment of the contract. The Trustees do not pledge themselves to take the lowest tender JOHN SIMMONDS, Secretary, near the Devon- shire Inn, Brighton. 150 mar24 PICNIC HOTEL-John O'Connor having ob- tained a license for the abovennmed Hotel, btautifullv Bituatcd on Hobaon'B Bay, ut lie Nio loint, respectfully solicits a visit from j artied withing to enjoy the Boonery as well as to Inhalo tholicolthml Breeze of this pleasing locality, and pledges himself that a trial will piovo that nothing shun be vantingon Ina part to administer to the cum lort of those patronising hld esta lian, ment 1 he well appointed Omnibuses of O Connor and Co Btnrt daily from the Hotel at 7 35 a ni, and 2 p m , and from the Bull and Mouth Bourke street, nt li am, 3 30 and 5pm, accompli lung tho j cuino j in one hour and ten minutes taeh way 515 ffifll lightning and Red Jacket -Piasengera X arriving by the e or any otl er bhips, may und comfortable accommodation at 71 I linders« lone east 599 C011FORIABLL lioard and Residence lor two or Three rtsitctablo Young Men, at ¿IO Bourke strct t east 590 TWO luspietable Young Men ean be tccom mocUted sith Board and Residence, ut 140 EuSECll btreul _QIC C-DI LI I \H*.M min Gloucester Booidlng Es- tablishment 71 FlindeiB lane east Vncan clis Ior Biaider1 Good accommodation ierms n cderate 5.0 VfOlIO1- -If at Meiiver, builder ol Lolling. JLI vveod, doe i not come and finish 1 is contract vulh me, I will get it done at liis e\penn imme diitely Jameß Woods, baker, Vale btreet, North Melbourne ¿00 NLVV Hat Minu'actcry T W Ma on, 07v Collius street east, oue doorfromswinstou« ttrcct 269 mar 24 SIR CIIAKL1 S NICHOLSON'S Collingwood Propcrtv - Hie undersigned Irvine now received dclhiitivu instructions from bli (liarles Nicbo'son, is prepared to Le.iBO tho remainder of the nllotmoTits, including the frontoe.es to bimi « son's Road Pi arose Nevins, bt JohnsVVoji' 258 SIONL. MASONS, Builders, and Otl era -len- ders ure BOlioitcd by the City ot Melbourne Gss ond Coke Connan.,, ior the f abor r quired in building louti hu toa und Eide wall tor coal BtoreB For particulars itpply to the 1 n&l; leer, at thcirOfliets ùi Collins Btreet east bt.led tenders will be received up to twelve o'olotk noon, on lut sday, the 27th nut Address to tho Clut-raiaa, of the Uoaid By order of tho Bond, JOHN ALLl-N, becy 151 BU mon mai ¿6 TENDERS will be received until tvvolvo o elock, on batuiday, the 24th inn . tor Plas, teiing Two Lodges at the Melbourne New Come, tery Apply 0.1 the promîtes_ 300 TBE only placo lor a Plunge is from tho St. Kilda Bathing bhip Open loi Gentlemen 6 g,_ to 10 p m , and Irom 8pm to 10 p in ¿71 mar « L1VF.I1 and to , v\uieliou*ennn, 33 Hinders, street west, having now oompitted tin Open, ing out ot Goods, nquest the uttciiticn ti i r peru and ooumry Btorekctpas t) their lurei in ii varied Btc ck 284 THOMAS M MILLAN and CO, seedsmen and floribts (Irom Jlissre Diekson md Co , and VV Drummou 1 und boni, Eümb irgu u d Dublin), at their Nurseiles, 1-nst Brighton nu 1 oweur 1 orade, Itichinoi d Ciders furn ihe ami ti¿ cjro« lully i>ackid md lor« ai tied by ii j cuivey mea leuiinj, Melbourne llieir deserlptive Cuiulogua ol ( arden heeds, being a guide to hiuateurs, muy be 1 ad on application_ ls6 RS BOL1 INO-unit «B your Wntci in called for by April 1st it must be SolJ liiinierj. Street_105 TvAIoN HOUbl bFMIISARY, near the Juuetvñ. li Hotel St Kildu Mrs Gardiner has V ueau elea for l A o Boarders 177 E PAIRIOIIC 1 DAD-Preliminary announce, meut -Mr I» ming informs lils 1 ulrons ti at a Grund Ball in Aid of the lunl AI 1 uko line at tin« Protestant Hall, imm dutUly altor t otter P irtieulare will be published_£72 billilly WORK-1 very description exeeutedl to order, or Drjwingti, Contraéis, to iinj ex. tint, with dibputeh John Carter, 100 Littlo bourke jtreet weat_4s¿ füilllo' Work ixteuted first rate by Contract John Carter, KO Littlo Rourke street west. _4a3 VICiOHI V INbUlUNCL COMPANY -In lie. cordance vwtl tlio eighty third elnube 11 tho 1 eed ol bettie-uitut the Victoria Fire awl Mi. line Iaenroiice Company, Notice ia hirth., given that the Annual Geiieiul Meeting of the tnare 1 olders v\ ill be held at til-» Ofllcesof the Company, iiiu I Collins itreet on IV eiliio'daj, the-uti day el April next nt one o cloek in the nttcruoeii, lor ti cpurpo e of receiving tho ltipottol the Lorn. j i j y'B AffuiH, nul 1 u th ) eleetlon ol tlnee quail, led Bli iieheliteis for the ensuing yc.tr, in tho locmoi George Annand, M L C lietleiiek vOOper A I A Oueves, MLC v ho retire Irom the Directorship, in terms ol tho iloretaid Deed Jht 1» lowing gentlemen have signified their v-illwgne»» to act it elected - George Annand, M L ( lieileriok Coojcr A F A Greeves M L C Willi un Hull J P GeoTLC! Aiillur WILLIAM A ORR, Secretary. Insurance Bu'ldine», b2 Last Collin" street, 20th March, 1855 1002 api 3 alt MOIICE Is herí-) í,i\cn that I have ihm elay XS ceat-ed to be u bhareholder in the ( oiling. weed 1 quitable Mutual Building bocietj Wm, Wolker, O\lord Btiett dbl MOM'Y ofleilng on Mortgu"n on Fieoholet City Propotti, oí 1 mid under cult vation, on reofoiiuble rato« ol lut crest Beor nnu Son, 00 Queen Btreet _ lj74dana wk c BU OT lor~Dia;sto the Inteiior "Owners ot Bu lock and flor e leuniB will plca't jpply fur louding bet vein 9 und 12 a m Olhee 40 Eliza 1 tlh Btreet L ttkein, Meyer and Co, general i miers ¿S9 ÏIIE Mnrij branded CK near thoulder, » o't e/i Houlder, off hind foot white, whieh strayed in la il o Globe Inn MnblCB, as advertisett in the Argos, If not claimed in lourie en days, will be SJIÜ to pay expenses lUOMAb M'CULLA March 21st, 1855_ 385 Si KILXKBAIllLNG SHIP-Hie e Baths are open irom lo a tn to 2 p m , for ladies The enly place lor u plunge Ladies can bitlie cither in the baths or the open seu Singh b ah One bhilling , children, under eight years ol age, lrec, over, half puce Mower Butha will be ready in a lew djjs Oien en bunday to gentlcin n only. Refreshments at a moderate charge ¿75 mur ia T JOHN bil LLE MCHOI SON, now of Rich. JL} mond, near the City ot Melbourne, m tho Colony of Victoria and lormerly ol Bennet, m that part of tlie United Kingdom called Ireland, eue of the Attorneys ot Her Majeetj'i Co iris or Exchequer, Queen a Bench, nnd Common Pleas, and a a bolieitor of the High Court oi Chancery In Ireland, do hen by give notico th t I intend appljing, on the last day of the present lerm, to be »emitted as on Attorney, solicitor i nil Proctor cf the bupreme Court ol the said Colon v olVlc. tono Dated ti is 21et dui of Mareil li IS)1} JOHN Sll LLL lvICHOLbON_ '!"iu3»24_ NAPTHA Lamps cleaned and put in working order free of charge. Edens, Hall and Co. 249 mar 24 BREBNER, ISAAC, tailor, — please return to Mr. Wylie the Waistcoat taken away by you for a pattern. 328 THE Friends of the late Mr. Mathew Green are respectfully invited to follow his remains to the place of interment in the New Cemetery. The Funeral to move from No. 71 Collins street east, at three o'clock this day, Thursday, the 22nd inst. JOHN SLEIGHT, Undertaker. 548 QUEEN'S THEATRE, Thursday Evening, March 22nd. BENEFIT of Miss FANNY CATHCART, and Last Night but One of the great Tragedian, Mr. G. V. BROOKE. On Thursday Evening, March 22nd will be pre- sented the Scottish legendary drama, in five acts, entitled the BRIDE OF LAMMERMOOR. Edgar, Master of Ravenswood, .. Mr. G. V. Brooke. Lucy Ashton .... .. ...... Miss Fanny Cathcart To conclude with the very screaming farce, entitled THE WINDMILL Mr. G. V. Brooke will make his first appearance in Geelong on Monday, the 26th inst. 4054 RUSSIAN WAR. — Grand Panorama. Temper- ance Hall, Russell-street. 7 and 9 this evening. Admittance, One Shilling. 573 AST LEY'S A Al P II I L II > A JL It L. Satuiday Evening, Mardi 2llh, For the Benofltof Mr. W. M WHITE, Of Roiner's Serenadcrs A Cord In consequence of Mr White's aoverc affliction, Rainers Eerenadeis have token the liberty of annealinc to the welbourne Public on his behalf, " Mr White trusts the Piogrimme he pieacnta will meet with the approbation of all A Host of Talent on this Occasion For particulars eee billa of day_355 CUITERION HALL, open every night fer Don» cinp. Gentlemen can meet with a Partnerin the Polka _°<* /iRITaRION -Come and see Ilr Samsjn ns ho \J will make every person dance the Polka. 545 CRITERION, open every night, willi all n»w music. Leader of the Band, Mr George ( hopman. _SM e j>i LJ» lib ViirMl> . - runel Muep tri 0 >C tn-londiij nest, llwi.ua th, SJ3 New Advertisements. SALLE DE VALENTINO Promenade Concert; and Bnll every evening, to commença af. Eight, Admission, One BhiÜlng wmmenc5a3l»C COL1 MAN, tho Great American Polyphoniat» acknowledged by the universal voice of the British Pre«s to bo unequalled since the days of the Immortal MatthewB, has arrived per mall shin Lightning, and will shortly appear in his cele- brated Comic, Vooal, Mimio, and Pictorial Enters tainment of MASKS AND FACES Due notiocr will be given on lila firBt appearance 235 § ALL* DL VALFNiINO-S'ons Ileurys cele! ._i brated Quadrille Bond every evening Ad« rnisfion One bhillmg_ 532 LObi, in Roden Btrest, on iueBdnv,.uth inst"1 a email I o\ Terrier Bitch, anBwering to the name of Mouse £1 Reward will ba given if left at the George Hotel, North Melbourne _ 475 LObi, on Monday night a Silver Hunting Lever Watch Whoever will bring the Bamo to Mr Baker, Clifton Cottage, Oxlord street, CoUincs wood will be rewarded 295 LOS I, Composition Brooch, white beadon it ihe Finder will bo Rewarded Annlv M Mincing lane__7 LObi a Black Horse on 20th inst, in the neurlT lorhood ol Brighton, with a white star iorihetd, hind fetlooks white with saddle and bridlo Whosoever bringa the Barneto J Budeeon 159 Elizabeth stiet Melbourne, will be hand' eomtly Rewarded If impounded, answer by letter 614 " L Obi -Deep ' Bay Mare, ' oh shoulder, I otrneok, near foot white. Mn'tToff foot white, star on forehead, long black toll OST, Light Ohesnut Horse, branded np in oirole near Bhoulder, hand legs white, blazo dow n face, long tail It strayed, £5 each horse if stolen, ¿10 Any person bringing tho E ime to Mr. Scoaan, Coventry street, Emerald Hill Bhall rc ceivc the above Reward 33 mar 23 d and week LOST a Pookitbook, gutta pordia, nnd with letters notes In of no use but to the owner, winwill reward the fin¿cr by bringing the Bama to No 0 Little Lonsdale street cas' 133 L°£}î. on "Tuesday Evening, near tho Boston Ride Gallery, Little Bourke street A Pooket. Icok, containing memorandums, of no value but to the Owner ihe Under Bhall bo Rewarded on. returning it to the BoBton Rille Gallery 375 BILL ior "1170 as 9d -AU Parties are hereby cautioned againEt negotiating an Acceptance in the name of the late firm o£ Mathew, Barr and Co for £1170 2s 9d In favor, as I am inlormed, of J B Were. Kent and Co , oi Melbourne, no con« Eideration having been received lor the same by the late firm of Mathew,Barr and Co,of which! cm now the solo representative Dated at Melbourno this 21st day or March, 1855. GEO MAiHEVVS 326 S10LEN or btrayed, Iwo Goats, from the pre. mises of Mr Webber, Otter street, two [doors from the Prinoo of Wales Hotel ¿ny person piv lng information of the same will bo Hewarded, and those retaining them Prosecuted II e branda ore VV upon near shoulder, oolor, red 278 GUND Straying at Brighton, aBrownHorse, _, Bhort tail, star in forehand, and braided Til, conjoined, near shoulder Application to Camp« bell Brothers, opposite the Devonshire Inn 449 F FOUND, on Monday last, in the Richmond Pad- dock, a Gold Watch. The owner can get the same by applying to Thomas Gregory, No. 62 Elisabeth-street, by paying expenses. 120 ONE POUND REWARD -Lost, on the morning oi the 20th inst , between Lmerold Hill and. the Eouth Melbourno Hotel, a Taw n colored Grey, hound Dog Ihe above reward will be paid on e eil very of tho Dog at the South Melbourne Hotel. Any person found detaining him alter this noUoe will be proceeded against criminally 239 ONE POUND REWARD-LoBt Horn Eaton House Seminary, bt Kilda, near the Juno, tion Hotel, a large Black, White, and Tan Bull. 'J emir, had a collar and chain attact ed 179 1, IVE POUNDS or Ten Pounds Reward - ? Strayed or btolen, last Sunday morning, be. tween the Herri and Derwent Creeks about four teen miles from town, a Oark Grey Male, branded. AX on oil shoulder, about thirteen hands high, ttur on forehead Whoever brings the same to Mr CHAS PRAHM, Johnston ttrcet CoUing. wold, will receive £5 if strayed, and ±10 on giving information leading to the conviction of the thief, ii stolen 55 mar 27 alt FV_ FOUNDSREVVARD.-btraved from Little Lyndhurst, a Black Draught Horse branded B near shoulder, C oil Bhoulder, star in forehead, Beer hind lotlook white Any perton fetching said i orso to the Cavan Hotel, (¿ueonsberry Btreet, Wdbourne, shnU receive the above regard _140 mar 24 alt TTUVE POUNDS REWARD-Missing, a oon JD voyance 01 Land, m Coromandel Place, OrcnleU street, Adelaide, from G P Angas, Esq. to W A Deacon Hie above Reward will be pall fo any person produomg the said Deed to Mr. CHARLES ROWLAND, King William Btreet, Adelaide, or, to W A DEACON, Mr Chirtndale's', meiohant, \V ilUam Btreet, Matket square, Mel bounre 354 Miscellaneous. EOPGOOD'S Niveuitrit and Sedative Cream, for cleansing and allaying Irritation oi the bkin, for restoring and beautilylng the Hair, and promoting its growth Ibis elegant artiolo of the toilet having so exton, snell advanced ia public approval at nome, in. duces G Hopgood and Co to embrace the present opportunity of laying its peculiar advantages be. lore the inhabitants of Melbourne, leellng assured that its Boothing and anti irritant properties will be found of tbogreatct value, and will secure to it the same largo amount of patronage Irom all those who value comfort and elegance, in Australia, willoh it receives from the nobility, gentry, and public of Great Britain , , The bcdatlve Cream cfTcotually oleanses and al. Jays all kinds of irritation of the akin of the head, creates luxuriance of growth in the hail, prevents its turning grey, checks prematuro baldness, re. stores hair to bald places, and imparts a delicate softness fo the skin, and beauty and strength o hair naturally harsh and weak io all persons suffering from irritation of the slinof the head, oaused by the accumulation or dandrifT or ot-ier tccretions, loss of hair frota local causes, or from debility in tho lluids willoh nourish and support it, G li is enabled to recom mend it with a confidence gained by long praoticu experience . . ., ihe testimony of numerous medical gentlemen end others of the 1 ighest respeotability, together with its every dayusciulncsSjpIacesitsBuperioritj' in questionably over every other oiticle before presented to the public for similar purposes i Sold in 1 dozen bottles, 21s, 33s, 42s, 60B , and ' 1HOMAS AUSTIN and CO, consignees, 25 William street, opposite tho Custom Uous , or at the Central Dispensary, 110 Bwanson street 341 LANDING, and on Salo by WALTER POWELL, wholesale ironmonger, Swanflton-Btreet, near the Bridge : Ginger-beer and soda-water bottles an! corks Ginger-beer and seidlitz powders Carbonate uoda and tar tar io acid Garden and fire engines, hand.carts Iron and wooden ploughs and barlows Boring machines, horse powers . Milner's fireproof chesta and safas Milner'B fire and thief proof sales, for bankers' uso, with Hobbs's patent locks Bar iron, of every size, of the beBt brooda Iron hooping to two-inch and sheet iron. Iron gorden pumps and rotary pumpa Mailpatent coach and oarriage axles Crates ot'earthenwate and glass, assorted Edward's black ink, in glass bottleB. Pendera, fire-irons, fire dogs, door-mats Tinmen's tools, Moseley'a London planes Fencing wire andBtrainingtoolSjBtnpleäj&i; Brasa and iron bedsteads, cribs and cots Hair-seating and curled hair, webbing Wotherspoon'B confeotionery Lamps, cottons and glacaea Kclineu lamp oil, linseed oils, turps Zino and iron rain-pipe and t;uttering Copper boilers, kettles and praerve pans Enamelled oval potB and saucepans Manila rope, from six inohea to ono icon "Watertight boots, knee and thigh boots, bluoliers and shoes, of very first quality EngliBh and American congrevo motolita Bluatlngpowder, sni'-ty fuze, fine powder Chalk, whiting, rotten-stone, ruddle , Noble and Hoare'a varnishes, gold EÍZC, ito. Three-bushel Backs and gunny hogs Builderfl' ironmongery, of every kind Chaff-cutting machines, io, White load, in drums m UNCLAIMED LETTERS.-The following will belloturncd to the Poet Ofllce unless oallen for within one month : Simpson, CM.7 letters, Walker, M1B8, now Mrs, Loetc... Bushman, Jos. Forder, Jaa. Dewar, John . Iddius.B.P. James, J. B. Hartley, A. Hutton, J. and W. Wilkinson, Hy. Winaer. C. Hardwiok, H. S. WILLIAM HULL and SONS. O , 5 do. 4 do. 3 do. 3 do. , 1 do. 1 do. 1 do. 1 I do. do. 1 1 da. do. 08 Undereigned N Sale by the Java rice Do coffee nation sugar Manila cherocts, No. 2 Woolpacks Herrings A piano, by Collard and Collard Invoices of jewellery and watchcB Linseed oil, boiled and raw White lead Aromollo vinegar Vegetable and flower eeeds Iron wire fenoing Crown glosa Table salt Confeotionery , ".T4rf BROWNE and NOYES, 93 FHndcrs-street *«« BENDIGO.-An exDress Spring Waggon wut leave ior Bendigo on Friday morning »» o'clock. Faroi3. Parcels and Swaga taken, «r further particulars enquire of Mr, Ferris, ""Fgr1 Hotel, ETizabeth- Btrest. *"j_ rrinted aud Published by FDWIRD WMM» i.*uoiULAK MACIUNKOK, PtoprielorejOt«"L£K 