NEWCASTLE. ABRITAM. January 12.— Gem, schooner, Duthie, from Melbourne, with 19,000 feet timber. January 13.— Miame, barque, 2S9 tons, Chalmers, fiom Mel bourne, in ballast. January 13. — Mary Nicholson, barque, 258 tons, Francis, from Melbourne, in ballast. January 13.— Wanderer, brig, 237 tOBB, Morrison, from Mel bourne, in ballast. January 13th.— Ann and Maria, brig, 263 tons, O'Hagan, from Sydney, in ballast. The Venus, brig, Captain Banks, anchored offNobby's yesterday, but was obliged to put to sea ; she was eight days from Mel bourne. The cutter Rover, from the Hawltesbury, bound to Sydney, anchored off Nobby 's on the night of the 11th, haTing been blowx off from Sydney Heads on the evening of the 10th— as she had lost all her head-sails she could not get into the harbour till yesterdaj morning, when assistance and sails were sent off to her ; she wai deeply laden with make, and has to discharge, as some if damaged. MELBOURNE. Arrivals.— January 4. — Prince Henrique, from London; Argc (s.), from Sydney ; Storm Bird (s.), from Portland Bay; Blaci Swan (s,), from Launceston. 5. Primula, from London ; Gol conda and John Dalton, from Liverpool; J. B. Brown, from Pugel Sound; LeQuellee, from Valparaiso ; Dart, from Sydney; Little Pet, from Newcastle. 6. London (s.), from Sydney ; Janet Willis, and Henrietta Maria, from London ; Vision, from Glasgow ; Ad miral Baudin, from Havre; Bosphorus (s.), from Adelaide ; Ring leader, from Boston ; Acmel, from Hamburg. 7. Wonga Wonga (s.), from Sydney; Australia, from New York ; Marion (s.), from Glasgow; Bristol, from Port Albert ; Wataga, from London ; Os car let, from Gottenburg. 8. Waratah (s.), from Launceston; Betsey, from Hamburg; General Michels, from London; White Swan, (s.t.) from Glasgow. 10. Hellespont (s.), from Sydney ; Clarence (s.), from Launceston ; Lina, from Mauritius ; Scottish LasBie, from Valparaiso. Departures.— January 3.— Elizabeth and Virginia, for Callao; Miami and Venus, for Newcastle: Druid, for Valparaiso; Jane Frances, for Madras. 4, Louis and Miriam, for Sydney. 5. Wan derer, for Newcastle. 9.— Argo (s.), for Southampton.. Cleared out.— January 4.— Ebenezer, for Sydney. The Primula spoke, on the 27th December, in lat. 39*18 S., long. 127-49 E., the Danish schooner Tordenskiold, bound for Sydney.— Argus, January 6. Ships Arrived.— The following ships, recently arrived eut, have made rapid passages, viz — Champion of the Seas, from Liverpool, in 76 days. Sussex, from London, in 74 days. Swal low, from London, in 74 days. Fulwood, from Liverpool, in 81 days. Tudor, from London, in 82 days. Orwell, from Ply mouth, in 77 days.— if. M. Herald, January 5. The Prince Henrique spoke on the 10th October the French ship Francois Theodore, from Bordeaux to this port, in lat 7*14 N., long. 22-5 W.— out 35 days.— Argus, Jannary 4. The passengers by the Golconda have enjoyed very good health during the passage out; no death had occurred. She spoke the barque May Queen, from London to Portland Bay, out 108 days, in lat. 39-48 S., long 105 E. ; and the John Fielding, from London to Sydney, lat. 39*51 S., long. 138*8 E. ; 93 days out.— Argus, January -S. Race from Geelong.— The steamers Citizen and Breadalbane started on a trial of speed from Geelong to Melbourne on Wednes day. The latter vessel having undergone some repairs, was confi dent? expected to outstrip her competitor and prove herself the fastest boat on the line. The Breadalbane, however, proved not quite so fast as her admirers would fain have believed; the Citizen steamer having arrived at the wharf at Melbourne five minutes a head of her rival, although she (the Citizen) had to stop at Williamstown to land some passengers, and also started from Geelong a few minutes after the Breadalbane. Both of these boats are very swift and commodious, and are quite an improvement on the old vessels formerly running. — Melbourne Morning Herald. The Chaiwhw of the Seas. — This magnificent clipper has since her arrival been an object of much curiosity, and on Sunday and Monday last, numbers of people visited her. All who have examined her appear equally struck with the beauty of her model and the elegance ami comfort of her interior fittings. She is certainly a noble ship, and is conspicuous for beauty amid the crowd of fine merchantmen now in our Bay. The waters of Port Phillip never before bore on their bosom such a fleet of splendid ships as are now to be seen there quietly at anchor, waiting for cargoes. Most of the fine ships in the Bay are laid on for London and Liverpool.— Melbourne Morning Herald, January 5th. The Argo cleared yesterday for Southampton, with 46,268 oz, of gold dust, £2,600 in specie, and a few cases of general mer chandise.— if. M. Herald, 8th January. The Wonga Wonga, the new steamer belonging to the Austral* asian Steam Navigation Company, left Sydney on Wednesday evening at five o'clock, and entered Port Phillip Heads at three a.m. on Saturday. In consequence of the black buoy, off Swan's Spit being considerably to the eastward of its proper position, the Wosga Wonga grounded, but wasgotofi on the following morning. Unless steps are immediately taken to place the buoy in its proper position, there can be no doubt but that we shall have to record cases of similar detention.— Argus, 8th January. The London left Sydney Heads at four p.m. on Wednesday last, the Wonga Wonga, leaving shortly afterwards. Captain Watts arrived at Port Phillip Heads at eleven p.m. on Friday, thuB making the run in about fifty-five hours.— Argus, January 8. The General Michiels spoke, on 22nd October, in lat. 8.3 N., long. 19*2 W., the English barque Tomatin, from Glasgow to Sydney, 31 days out ; and on the 3rd September, in lat. 38*37 8. long., 18-53 E., the Dutch barque Tweege Brooders, from London to Port Phillip.— Argus, 9th. The Arg-o was cleared out at the Customs after the usual hour yesterday, and will sail early this morning for Southampton. Every disposition was shown both by the authorities and the agents to submit to the detention of the vessel until all chances of the arrival of the Madras were at an end. The following is the passenger list of the Argo :— Mr. and Mrs. Hart and child, Mrs. B. Hart and family (6), Mr. Harry White, Mr. Silva, Mr. Edward Bell and wife, Mr. Mitchell, The Bishop of Melbourne, Mrs. Perry, Rev. H. H. P. Handfield, and Mrs. Handheld, Mr. Sutherland, Mr. W. G. Morris, Mrs. Swanston, Miss Swanston, Mr. and Mrs. John Alee and servant, Mra. Fenwick, Miss Mary Fenwick, Miss Anne Fenwick, Mr. E. Pousles,Mr. Learmonth, Dr. Monarch, Dr. Wilson, Mr. Dugard Mr. Frayer, Dr. Blackmore, Mr. John Greenwood, Mr. James Greenwood, Mr. and Mrs. Eakell, Mr. Maurice Hart, Mr. and Mrs. Sudling, Mr. A. Harley, Mr. A. Blanshard, Mr. Andrew Brown, Mr. Stephen Fisher, Mr. George Knight, Mrs. Davis. ARRIVALS AT MELBOURNE, During the Month of December, 1851. Aggregate From Vessels. Tonnage. Passengers. London ? 15 ... 10601 ... 1161 Liverpool ? 16 ... 18178 ... 4496 Southampton ? 2 ... 2864 ... 466 Other British Ports ? 11 ... 6093 ... 996 East Coast of America ? 4 ... 4103 ... 165 West Coast of America ... 3 ... 639 ... 3 Cape of Good Hope ? 1 ... 114 ... 46 Calcutta ? 2 ... 685 ... 1 Singapore ? 1 ... — ... — China ? 1 ... 261 ... — Mauritius ? 3 ... 711 ... 30 Miscellaneous ? 4 ... 1828 ... 142 63 ... 46097 ... 7506 Average passage from London, 105 days ; quickest, Swallow, 74 ; longest, Governor, 219. Average passage from Liverpool 93 days ; quickest, Champion of the SeaB, 74 ; longest Gezusters, 127. GEELONG. Amuvam,— January 2.— Enchantress, from London; Martha, and Isabella, from Newcastle; Imperial, from Sydney. |6. Enterprise, from Hamburg ; Countess of Winton, for Liverpool. Clearance,— January 6,— William Buchanan, for Newcastle. PORTLAND. AnarvALB.— December 30. Severn, from London 7th October, -vtitb. 43 passengers. January 1. Emma, from Sydney. The Sydney Griffith.— This vessel has been purchased by Mr. 8. G. Henty for the Home wool trade, and will phortly com mence loading wool here for the London market. The purchasing arrangement has been £3000 in money, with the brig Maria.— Portland Guardian. The Birmingham.— We have already reported that this immi grant ship has been put in. Quarantine, in consequence 'Of the measles being on board, when she came to port. There has been three deaths on board, one of an adult, and two of infantsvalnce «he . went to the Quarantine ground. — Portland Guardian, Jannary 1. The Fiest Wool Ship.— The William and Mary, the flrat wool ship filled this season at this port, sailed on her homeward fas sage last Saturday.— Portland- Guardian, January 1. The Champion.— This new sorew steamer started on 28th of December, on her first trip to Melbourne, to call in at Belfast and Warrnambool on the way. By the Severn, which arrived at Portland, from London, on the last day of the old year, two throrough-bred cart stallions, two bulls, of great size and beauty, twelve fine cows of pure breed, and three rams, all in excellent condition. The Severn has bad a splendid passage, having sailed from London, on the 7th October. Portland Guardian. ADELAIDE. Arrivals.— December 28.— Van Galen, and Kangaroo, from London. 29. Bernard, from Singapore. January 1. John Cesar, from Hamburg. 2. Emily Jane, from Sydney. Thb Schooner Mart Wolf, op Dundee.— Captain Pickering, of the ship Kangaroo, reports that on the 32nd December, when in latitude 39.}- s. longitude 125* E., he sighted the above-named vessel, at 8 p.m. The schooner was making signals of distress, when the Kangaroa bore down to her and shortened sail. Captain Pcikering could not ascertain what was wanted, bat lay-to until daylight, when the schooner waB not to be seen. Gapuin 'Pick ering supposes that she made for land, as a change of wind took, place during the mght.— South Australian Register, December 29. The ship Lord Raglan, which sailed from this port for Calcutta on the 12th December, got ashore the day following, ou the Sand spit, near Kingscote, Kangaroo Island, and remained aground five days. Seueral of the inhabitants of the island assisted the crew in starting a considerable number of casks which had been filled with salt water to aid in ballasting the ship, and readily af forded ajl further assistance required of them. It did not appear, on examination ef the ship previous to departure, that the Lord Raglan had sustained any serious injury. — South Australian Register, January 3. LAUNCESTON. Arrivals.— January 4. Firefly, from Sydney. Departvres.— January 3. Harriett, for Sydney. HOBART TOWN. AHRrvAts.— Jannary 2. Sussex, from the South Seas. S. Aus tralasia, from London. 4. Firefly,, from New Zealand, 5. Earl of Chester, frim London. ENGLISH SHIPPING. Arrived.— At Liverpool from Melbourne :— Saldanha, October 14 ; Red Jacket, 15 ; Guiding Star, 17 ; Lightning, 23rd. ? In the Thames, from Melbourne.— Thomas Hughes, October 17 ; Roseberry, 19th ; Adelaide, steamer, 20th, At Gravesend, from Sydney— Pelbam, October 13th; Templar, 18th; Gena, 21st. At Portsmouth ; from Sydney— Templar, Oct. 23th. ' Saiibd. For Melbourne and Geelong ; from. Cuxhaven — Louise, Oct. 17th. From Southampton : British Empire, Oct. 18th. From Liverpool : Dammaris, Oct. 18th ; Henry Winch, 21st. From the Thames : William, Oct. 13th. For Adelaide, from the Thames : Iris, Oct. 12th ; Telegraph, 14th ; Yessel 16th. For Portland Bay, from the Thames : Orthona, Oct. 12th : Shand, 18th. For Sydney, from Thames: Pacific (sail.ves.),Oot. 12; Gladiator, 17th; Harvest Home, 20th. From Liveroool, Grafton, Oct. 16th ; John M'Vicar, 2 1st. From Plymouth* : Samuel BoSding ton, Oct. 17th. For Hobart Town, from Jersey : Racer, Oct. 13th, From Deal : Bernieia, 16th. Deal, October 9.— The Shearwater ; (schooner), Richardson, from Boston, N.S., for Australia, was abandoned after being out six days ; crew saved by the Hampden, arrived off Dungeness. Rio Janeiro, September 6.— The Fiaells, Cox, from Fleetwood, bound to Australia, put in here 15th August, and, in being towed to the Ilha do Governandor to have her bottom, cleaned, struck upon a rock in the Bay, had her keel pierced through about 10 feet abaft the forefoot, was towed off imme diately, and beached on the Island, where she awaits being re paired. The Pacific steam vessel, launched on the 25th nit. atMiltwail, and guaranteed by the constructors to attain a speed of sixteen statute miles an hour, has been tried both in the open sea and at the measured mile. She has exceeded the contract speed, and is consequently the fastest ocean steamer now afloat. — European Times, October 24th. The General Screw Company's fine 1800 tons screw-ship Qaeen of the South, commanded by Captain Norman, has beea chartered by Government for the conveyance of troops to the Black Sea.— European Times, October 24th. ARRIVAL OF THE LIGHTNING AT LIVERPOOL. The Lightning arrived at Liverpool on 23rd October, cafcer an extraordinary passage of sixty-three days only. The European Times states : ' The Lightning made the ran oat ana home, in cluding detention abroad, in five months and eight days mean, time.' The Victoria, steamer, on her trips to and from Watson's Bay, carries the band of the German musicians, who enliven the short voyage very much by their playing, which adds considerably to the attractions of these excursions. New Yacht.— A magnificent yacht has just been built by Mr. Cutabert, with a view to competing in the race on the occasion of the Anniversary Regatta for the grand prize cup recently arrived from England. The dimensions aie, length on keel 28 feet 10 ineb.es, beam 10 feet, and length overall 30 feet. She is cutter rigged, diagonally planked, and constructed on an entirely new model. In point of symmetry and real sailing qualities sQe is a credit, eo far as we can jadge, to the naval architecture of the colony. The steamer Wonga Wonga left Fort Phillip Heads at 9 p.m. on the ISth instant, and arrived here on Saturday at 1*30, p.m. She called at Gabo Island for dispatches, and was detained there 45 minutes. The steamer City of Sydney was seen on the 12th instant at daylight between Cape Howe and Bam Head, and also the steamer Eagle on the morning of the 13th instant. The Madras had not made her appearance at Melbourne up to the time of the Wonga Wonga's leaving. The John Fielding, from London, reports having: spoken the Washington, for Hobart Town, 105 days out, on the 10th Novem ber, in latitude 18 S., longitude 30 N., short of provisions with which the John Fielding supplied her. She brings out a large quantity of railroad carriages &c;, for the Sydney Bailway, and also three valuable entire horses. The Yarrow, which arrived from Auckland on Batarday last, reports having sighted the whaling schooner Elizabeth, from Cape Town, 3 months ont, with sixty barrels oil on board, on the 4th instant, about 200 miles to the westward of New Zealand. VAN DIEMEN'S LAND POET REGULATIONS. foi . Bib Excellency Sir W. T. Denison has, by proclamation, fixed the thl following as the rates of pilotage payable under the Port Act, 1854, from the 1st January, 1855 :— ™ PORT OF HOB ART TOWN. tn Sailing Teasels, 6d. per registered ton. #„ Steamers, Sd. ditto. POET OF UHJNCEBTOB. Sailing vessels, 9d. per registered ton. ~ 6teamera,4^d. ditto. v- The number of days that a vessel shall be allowed to occupy a tt berth along any wharf, or in any dock, is fixed as follows :— w HOBART TOWN. J| — — ? ? ? le tl CLEAR SAVE BXCSPTINO StKDATB AND BOUDATS. ci MGISTSKEn TONNAGE. ? ? dl Discharging T Discharging. Loading, and Loading. Under 100 tone ? 4 5 6 100 and under 150 ? 6 7 12 ISO and under 200 ? 8 10 16 300 and under 250 ? 10 12 20 ? 250 and under 300 ? 12 14 24 300 and under 350 ? 14 16 28 350 and under 400 ? 16 18 32 400 and under 450 ? 18 20 34 450 and under 500 ? 20 22 34 500 and upwards ? 22 24 34 LAUNCESTON. Under 100 Urns ? i 2 3 5 300 and under 150 ? 3 4 7 150 and under 200 ? 4 5 9 200 and under 250 ? C 7 13 250 and under 300 ? 8 9 17 300 and under 350 ? 10 10 [20 350 and upwards ? 12 ? 12 ? 24 ? Vessels occupying stage berths for the purpose of loading ot un loading to be allowed double the time allowed by the foregoing (?tie. \ Vessels taken to wharf or dock berths for the purpose of ballast- ' ing, or of discharging ballast, to be allowed half the time i allowed by the foregoing schedule for discharging cargo. l If any vessel shall remain alongside the wharf or dock for forty eight hours in a state of inactivity, she may be removed by the ' Port Officer's directions. ' The following rules and regulations aTe also gazetted :— ? 1\. The exemption flags denoting the vessel to be exempt from the necessity of taking a pilot, shall be afuil-sized red pendant - over the flag which denotes the firm to which the vessel belongs, or is consigned, and must be displayed clear of all impediment , sails, &c;, until answered by station. , 2\. All pilotage and harbour dues aTe to be paid to the Port ; Officer. , 3\. The remuneration to Pilots for being detained by vessels shall be fifteen shillings per diem, and shall be paid in the same manner as the pilotage. 4\. Each pilot is to keepan'efficient boat and crew ; and to report himself at the Port Office upon every occasion of his bringing a vessel up, or arriving in town, to receive any instructions the Port , Offleer may have to issue to him. 5\. The Harbour Master at Launceston will have charge of the Port Officer's duties in his absence. The Harbour Master at ; Hobart Town and his assistants are to be available for any duty whiebthe Port Officer may require of them. All the harbours ? on the northern csaet ef the Island will be under the control of the , Harbour Master of Launceeton. 6\. The Harbour Master and his Assistants at Hobart Town must sen provide himself with a boat and two men, to be kept at his wn expense. 7\. The dues received for services performed by the Harbour Masters will be distributed in the proportion of four-sevenths to the Senior Harbour Master, and of three-sevenths to the Assistant Harbour Master, at Hobart Town; and in the proportion of two-thirds to the Harbour Master, anfi one-third to the Assistant ' Harbour Master, at Launceston. 8\. The Harbour Master at Hobart Town must call at the Port Office every morning at 10 o'clock, or as soon after as his duties will permit, to make his reports to the Port Officer, and to receive any instructions there may be for him. 9\. The Harbour Masters and their Assistants are to report as eoon as possible to the Port' Officer any infringement of the Fort Regulations that may fall under their notice. 10\. In the event of a pressure of duties beyond those which the Harbour Masters can perform, the Senior Harbour Master may appoint a competent seaman, approved by the Port Officer, to assist him to perform the duty, who will receive the dues he earns. 11\. The Harbour Master's limits in the Port of Hobart Town are to be a line drawn from Sandy Bay Point across to Trywork Point. In Launceston the Harbour Master's limits will be a line drawn from Low Head to Flinder'e Point. Pilots, notwithstand ing, are to place vessels they may bring up as provided in the next section. 12\. 'When the Harbour Masters arc prevented from directing where vessels arriving are to anchor, they must be placed in a clear open berth in the harbour until the Harbour Masters can ienove them. 13\. When several vessels arrive in s. pott at the same time, the Barfeour Master will use his discretion in placing them at the wharves. 14\. Vessels in Sullivan's Cove, Hobart Town, shall be moored with 45 fathoms of cable each way. 15\. The following services are to be considered £6 removes upon which the harbour due of one penny per ton will be charged :— mooring or anchoring a vessel on arrival, whether inside or out side the Harbour Master's limit : any removal in port. 16\. Unmooring and moving to the Wharf will De considered as one remove ; hauling off the 'Wharf and re-mooring to he con sidered as one remove ; if a vessel be taken alongside the Wharf at once on arriving from sea, that is to he considered as only one remove ; unmooring and preparing for sea to be one Temove. 17\. When the Port Officer directs the Harbour Master to remove vessels for the convenience of the Port, no charge for Buchremoval will be made, 18\. Vessels obtaining Wharf or Dock Berths for other pnrposes than loading or discharging cargo, must remove at the Port Officer's order, paying dues for eueh remove in consideration of the privi lege conceded. 19\. No Vessel is to be removed from the Wharf until tbe portion of it occupied by such Vessel has been thoroughly cleared of all rubbish and swept clean. 20\. Vnssels in harbour doing nothing are to be removed when necessary to make room for others. 21\. When any veesel is required to he removed, an application in writing for that purpose must be made by the Master or person commanding her, or agent, in the book kept in the Port Office ; and the Harbour Master, when be has performed the service, must make an entry in the book, opposite to - the application, stating the date when the removal was made, and signing his name to the entry. 22\. No vessel will be moved or cleared out on Sunday. 23\. When & vessel not exempted from taking a pilot is about to leave the port, the master or commander must write his requisition r a pilot in a book in the port-office at least twelve hours before e pilot will be required. 24\. The master or commander of every vessel leaving the port, net call at the port office and discharge all pilotage, harbour ies, and other port charges ; and upon producing the receipt for « eame to the collector of customs, the vessel's clearance will be rwardedtothe port officer. 25\. No vessel shall be cleared before sunrise, nor after sunset. 26\. No signal for tbe clearing officer shall be made onboard any sssel until all the crew and passengers are on board, and the -sml is quite prepared to go to sea. 27\. When a vessel is leaving a poit, tbe commander must return i6 port regulations to the clearing officer, or pay two shillings id sixpence for them ; but any master of a colonial trader may jtain them if he wish to do so, and his receipt for them will be msidered, at long as he commands the same vessel, an acknow idgement of his having been furnished with them, as required by le 17th section of the Port Apt, 1854. 26\. All Bteam vessels Bhall, in all ports and places, and under all ircumstanoeB, between sunset and sunrise, exhibit lights of such ascription, and in such manner as are herein-after mentioned, iz. :— When under Steam— A white bright light at foremast head.— A green light on the starboard side.— A red light on the port side. 1 . The mast-head light is to be visible at a distance of at least five miles in a dark night with a clear atmosphere, and tbe lantern is to be so constructed as to show sn uniform and unbroken light over an aro of the horizon of twenty points of the compass, being ten pointe on each side of the ship ; viz. from right e-head to two points abaft the beam on either side. 2\. The green light on the starboard ' side is to be visible at a distance of at least two miles on a dark night with a clear atmosphere, and the lantern is to be so constructed as to show an uniform and unbroken light over an arc of the horizon of ten points of the compass; viz. from right n-head to two points abaft the beam on the starboard side. 3\. The red light on tbe port side is likewise to be fitted so as to throw its light the same distance on that side. 4\. The side lights are, moreover, to be fitted with screens on the inboard side, of at .least three feet long, to prevent t&e; lights from being seen across the how. When at anchor, a common bright light. 29\. All sailing vessels, when under sail, or being towed ap proaching or being approached by any other vessel, shall be jound to show, betweensunset and sunrise, a bright light in such i position as can be best seen by such vessel or vesssels, and in sufficient time to avoid collision. All sailing vessels at anchor in roadsteads or fair ways shall be ilso bound to exhibit between sunset and sunrise a constant bright light at the mast-head. SO. The lantern to be used when at anchor, both by steam ves 9C1O «£I1U BOUUJg *D»«D) AD W UC PV LVJiC W UVbCU BD W DUUtt -fc UCOJ good light all round the horizon. 31\. No vessel shall be allowed to discharge cargo while lying at the entrance of any dock. 32\. At Hobart Town wood boats and coal vessels will be per mitted to use, the former the south-east, ard the latter the north east end of the Constitution Dock; but, in order that the market revenue may not be affected, no wood vessel will be permitted to occupy any berth in the dock, er at any other wharf, unless a cer tificate be produced from the Clerk of the Old Market that there is not room for her at the Old Market Wharf. The wood boats will be allowed two working days to discharge at the wharf in the dock, asd the coal vessels three. S3. No vessels are to be careened or hove down in Sullivan's Cove, Hobart Town, without permission of the Port Officer. 34\. The largest square between the New Wharf and Salamanca place in Hobart Town is to be appropriated to the exclusive use of tbe whalers and their oil casks, &c;, subject to the control of the Port Officer. The other squares are to be appropriated to the use of the shipping lying at the wharf for their boats and lumber, and for repairing rigging, &c.; 35\. In order to prevent the 6erious accidents, when steamers arrive or depart, from the crowd that generally assembles upon those occasions, a lite will be stretched along the steam-boat wharf, eight feet from the water-edge ; and no person will b-- allowed to go between the line and the water except the passengers, persons belonging to the vessel or in the service of the owners, and officers in discharge of their duties. 36\. No horse, or cart, dray, or carriage of any description drawn by any animal, will be allowed to go upon the wood work of any wharf. 37\. No obscene or indecent language is to be used upon or near any wharf, nor upon the water within tbe limits of any harbour. 38\. The Wharfinger will receive his orders from, and act under, the Port Officer. 59\. No gun is to be fired in any port, harbour, or roadstead be tweeen sunset and sunrise, except as a signal cf distress. And another proclamation enacts that the depth of water to which a vessel in any dock may be loaded, whilst in such dock, shall not in any case exceed ten feet six inches. The Victoria has had an excellent run of 7 days from Kiapara, at which port she left the Star of the East, ready for sea, and would probably leave in a few hours after. The Bangalore has been 105 days on her passage from London, which has been occasioned by light winds and calms the greater na**t- /if fYiA vrtvnrrp ISVio YtT-inr*o fn tViie Tinvt O£*7 nmim-anto Oft n,f whom are assisted by Messrs. Hall Brothers, the agents ; 73 policemen, with their families, who have volunteered for service in this country, and the remainder are fiee emigrants. Five births and four deaths have occurred during the passage. The emigrants, who are nearly all English, appear to be a much superior class of persons to those who generally emigrate to this country. The policemen are fine able-bodied fellows, who, we have no doubt, will do us good service. There has been no sickness en board, and the emigrants are all in a healthy state. Both the captain and surgeon are spoken of in high terms. No vessels connected with the colonies have been spoken during the voyage. The Herculean, from Wide Bay, nas had nothing but a continua tion of light headwinds during the whole passage. She was off the Heads on the evening of the 10th instant when the southerly gale commenced, but the night being very dark Captain Pringle thought it advisable to stand ont to sea again, and came in on Saturday morning at 5 a.m. The steamer William Miskin got off the sandspit and sailed for Port Curtis the day before the Hereulian ' left. The cargo of the Herculean consists of 123 bales wool, 4 casks tallow, and bub dries. The London (s.), left Port Phillip Heads at 6 p.m on the 10th instant, with fresh head winds, which continued until after pas sing Cape Howe, and arrived here atS a.m. onSaturday. Passed the steam tug Samson, off the Promontory, at 5 a.m. on the 11th ; at 5'30 a.m. on the 12th, pa«sed the City of Sydney, at about 8 miles N. of tbe Howe. The Waratah was to leave on the 12th instant. The Vision reports the ship Joannes Dumas, from London to Sydney. She was spoken on the 12th December, in lat. 45*4 south, 59-6 east; sixty-seven days out. All well. The Eclair, from Sydney, arrived at Havre on the 11th October. The Himalaya screw steamship, which, it will be remembered, was built especially for the Australian trade by the G. 6. S. S. Co., but chartered and afterwards sold to the Government for the transport service connected with the army of the East, was em ployed, at the date of our latest advices, in landing troops at Balaklava. The Swan, from Shanghai, touched at Sourabaya for the purpose of obtaining medical advice, Captain Barker having seriously hurt himeelf by an accident. She brings no report, beyond having spoken the Tongataboo, from Melbourne to Moulmein, on the Sim - , January, in lat. 39-30 6., Ion. 131-36 E. . * 0 met with light variable winds the greater part of the voyage. Ob ' '$ the 15th September spoke the Marion, from Liverpool to Adelaide. i'l; asd on the 23rd December spoke the Rlenzi, from London for saint ' # port, 98 days out. Mrs. Maitland, a passenger, died on the lift, i ;! November, after a long illness. On the 24th same month a seμ i h named Margot, was lost overboard from the forecastle during « ' ' ' gale, and the ship rolling heavily. ? The Lydia, from London, which arrived on Friday, has not spoken any vessels connected with the colonies. A boy named '' A. Ross, was unfortunntely lost overboard on the 30th November during a heavy gale. He fell from the topsail yard, but all efforti - ?/ to save him by throwing life-buoys overboard, &c;, proved ua. i % availing. *f 