THE WHISTLER AND MAYPO. We take the following concerning the loss of the above vessels, from the Melbourne Argus, of the 2lft June. The destruction of the American ship Whistler and the brig Maypo, on the treacherous rocks off King's Island, has been recorded in these columns some days past ; but the return of the ' little steamer Corio from the scene of these lamentable accidents, enables us to furnish our readers withamore minnte description of these shipwrecks thai! we. were enabled to give at the time the fact of the disaster was reported. The Whistler left our bay on the 19th of last month, bound to Singapore, under the eommand or Captain Brown, who was acopmpamed oy fits lady, tad usual complement of seamen. Gales of wind prevailed from the west and north-west, down to Saturday, at the time that suoh fearful winds were blowing from our coast, N. and N.W. The difficulty of Captain Brown was increased by the fact of his first and second officers being sick, and on the day above alluded to ,the Ship was some 160 miles from . land, steering mid-channel the captain expecting to pass Cape Otway early on the Sunday morning. At a quarter past one the land was sighted, right ahead, when the ship hauled off bearing W.S.W. The gale was increasing in fury, and the ship wasunder double-reefed maintopsails. She was unable to clear New Year's Point, and wore round, breakers being elofe under her stem ; but on the other tack she was unable to clear North Point, so that the unfortunate vessel was tacking between these two points during the whole of the night, the wind swelling into fearful gusts. The thunder belched forth with terrible vio lence, and the lightning flashed forth in frightful streams of fire. The struggle with the elements must have been dreadful. Day light brought no succour : the ship was cioBe into the bight, and isstaatly struck upon a rock. She bilged and heaved over to sea ward, and a boat was lowered to make an attempt to reach the shore, the captain and his wife, with some portion of the crew, remaining on board the disabled and sinking ship. The bbat was swamped in the surf, but happily the crew were washed ashore. A second boat, containing the wife of the captain, the chief-offieer, and three men, then made the attempt, Captain Brown remaining by the wreck. The boat was also capsized, but all were saved with the manly assistance of those who had been washed ashore from the first boat. The longboat was then lowered, and the captain, -with the remainder of the crew, pushed off for the shore, but unhappily the surf, running some six or seven feet high, capsized this boat also, when midway of thfe ship and shore. The men clung to the boat, but the sea washed them away, and two were dashed against' the rocks, and ultimately drowned. One poor fellow, in his death- struggle, clung to the legs of the captain, who was dragged to the bottom, when the un fortunate sailor, in the pangs of death, let go his 'grasp, and the captain again floated, and in an exhausted state, was washed ashore. Portions of the wreck were gathered together for the purpose of rendering the shipwrecked some shelter, and ultimately they received assistance from Messrs. Logan and Forster, Who are inhabitants of King's Island. Of the humanity of these men — the most dignified expression we can apply to them— the survivors speak in the warmest terms of gratitude and thanks. ' This ready assistance was followed by that of Mr. G. F. Train, 'the agent of the underwriters, who went down in the Corio, Under the pilotage - of Captain Steele, of the pilot schooner Proserpine. Captain Brown speaks of but some slight amount of property that may yet be recovered ' from the Whistler ; such as the chains and anchors, and a portion of her - copper ; and. in reference to the wreck, he speaks of the etirrent drifting his vessel upwards of one hundred and sixty miles in twelve and a half hours ; and this fact, together with the terrible gales of wind, accounts for the wreck of the American ship Whistler. The wreck of the Whistler has been followed by that ef the brig Maypo, bound from this port to Calcutta, and her wreck took place on the same night, and on the same island. In ' the case of the Maypo, the master, the second mate, and two sailors, were drowned, and the vessel is a total wreck, without any possibility of saving any portion of property. The mate of this brig, and the other portion of the crew fell in with the wrecked men of the Whistler, and were brought up to Hobson's Bay yesterday by the Oorio. They had endured great hardships, and had lived for two days upon nettles, and other like food. The following is the report of the Corio, steamer, which was chartered by Government and the United States Consn 'to take off the crewB of the Whistler and Maypo wrecked on King's Island Left Hobson's Bay Saturday 16th, at 10 p.m. Anchored in Franketon Roads near New Year's, at 4, Sunday, about two miles from the Whistler. At 12 of the 18th, steamer came close into landing, and Mtb. Brown, the mate (who is very sick), and nineteen of the crew belonging to the Whistler, with their baggage, were taken off through the surf, and the mate, steward, and three men from the Maypo. Left anchorage at 6]4 19th, passed the Harbingers, and anchored inside the Heads at 2 o'clock tbiB day, having been absent a little less than four days. Had the captain of the Corio left at 4 on Monday, we should have been in at 10 the following day ; but fearing the screw would become entangled in the seaweed, waited till daylight. Nothing will be saved from the Maypo ; but the Whistler is in a better position, and some rigging, spars, blocks, metal, chains, and anchors can be got at. She will be sold at public auction, ' for account of whom it may concern,' as she lies. City of Hobart passed us, coming in ; saw the Blue Jacket, Czar, and a Danish . ship, two brigs, and a barque, bound out, with light winds. The routh part of the island is strewn with spars and fragments of the Brahmin, Sea Witch, and other wrecks.' We take the following from the Argus and Herald, To Masters of Vessels.— A notice was posted at the Melbourne Custom House yesterday, signed by the honourable the Collector of Customs, from which it appears that all masters of vessels arriving here with passengers, from any port not within the colony, will be required to make a declaration to the effeot that their passengers are immigrants, coming within the meaning of the act lately passed by the Governor and Legislative Councilo the colony of Victoria, intituled, ' An Act to make provision for certain immigrants.' ' The Hotspur, Captain W. B. Skeene, arrived in Hobson's Bay about eleven yesterday. She brings 420 Government immigrants, of whom 300 are single woman. There were eight deaths, seven of whom were children, and two births. The passengers generally were healthy. Spoke the Blue Jacket on Friday morning off Cape Otway. The following extract from a Calcutta letter of 31st March was posted on 'Change yesterday: — 'Freight to the colonies in Calcutta, nominated at £3 10s. per ton ; to Great Britain, from £3 10s., for jute, to £4 10b., and £4 15s., for rice and sugar. Exohange, 2s. 2d., six months' Bight, with a downward tendency.' — — 1 ? - ? ? ? ? i;.{' ? ? ?? New Dock at Portsmouth.— An enormous dook, planned to be the .? largest in the Royalvardsathome or abroad (upwards of 600 feet), la to be oonstrooted forthwith at Portsmouth, which will eonntet the steam ftctorjtbfesin with the harbour without the present voy ace round tbe exterior of !the dockyard at the North corn sr. The labourers of the aoMtactcr have already commenced puUinr4own the piles for the foundation supports. It will be a atvpaadou afiaHr.—Wetkly Dispatch, March 25. A new smew steamer, called the Europa, of 1016 tone, by Hare . and Co., with engines of 240 horse- power, by Miller, Ravanhill, and Co., was tiled down the river yesterday. She realimd the expectations entertained of her, that Bhe would be one of the fastest eerew vessels afloat, her average speed at the measured mile being 18% knots per hour, or 15$ miles.— Timet, March 29. Loss of the William Russell, of LivEnroot. — The following letter, dated Lisbon, March 23rd, has been received : ' I have Been a letter at an official department, saying the William Russell, Lamb, master, from Liverpool to Leghern, with coals and stones, was wrecked eight miles south of Lagos, between there and Villa Nova da Portamao, about eight days ago. Two of the orew, names not known here, were drowned ; the test got on the rocks. The oause of the catastrophe was her being driven ashore by one of the heavy gales which have lately swept the coast of Foitugal. Her men were thirteen in number ; the poor fellows were on the rocks soma time, and suffered muoh from the seas; the sharp stones cut their shoes to pieces, and injured their feet very much. The British vice- consul at Lagos was early at the scene. The ship is a complete wreck.' — Liverpool Courier. 