New Advertisements. ~ BUTCHERS.-For Sale, a first-rate Sausage fiUer, from London, Inquire Clark's Hotel, Smith-street, Collingwood, _as BRASS COCKsTButts." Knockers, Blind Ends, Racks, io, Mitchell and Bonneau, 15 Elua beth-street. 73 B BAN. V. D. Land, on Sale. William Bnylei ' and Co., 07 Collins-street west. '¿SO CEMENT, Cement, warranted good and sound, cheap. Miller and Mncquistan, 101 William itreet. _ 2S8 CEDAR Turnery ; a superior assortment on Sale, cheap. Miller and Macquistiin, lol William,. ttieet._206 lORN Meal on Sale, at William Tilley's, broker, ' 95 CoUins-Btreet west. 203 c CURRANTS and Case Brandy on Sale at Herring and White's, FUnderB-street wist._309 CORRUGATED IRON, painted and galvanised, on Sale, at J, Behren's, 113 Flinders hine weat. 161 c IOCOA FIORE for Mattres-es.-Very superior _.' Cocoa Fibre on Sale, small quantities, Thos. âastin and Co., 25 William street, _200 fNOBB'S Margate Ale.-140 Hhds, on Sale,~by~ \J Alexander Wilson, Nephew and Co., 11 Flin dere-street, _ 337 CHEAP Paperhonglngs, from Od. per pieoe. Went and Pilley's, 81 Collins-street east, op posite Mechanics' Institution._187 CALCUTTA OATS.-R. G. Haig and Co., 10 Lit. tie Bourke-Btreet east. 203 COFFIN FURNITURE, Iron Bedsteads, BruBb ware, Bellows, _o. Mitchell and Bonneau, 16 Elizabeth-Btreet south. 74 OLZA OIL, best for Lamps, at Edens, HalL and Co.'b._231 feb al COCKATOOS, Parrots, Shell Parrots, EngUsli Canaries, Linnets, for Sale, 133 Little Col« line-street east._431 ARPETS, Curtains, Roller Blinds, Ac made to order. Yorke and Nortoni, 87 Collins-street east._440 CRICKET.-An Invoice of Bats foránle. Address to H., Box 188 Post Ofllce._152 4~vKAYS, Drays.-For Sale, Four of the Finest JL/ Drays in the Colony, made to order, at lit _Haabeth-stteet,_370 DOMESTIC DOG-CART-Very Superior. Jo. seph Low, late Btoro of Immigrants' Aid So« ciety, FlinderB-Btrcet._180 ¡RAY.-For Sale, a Large Second-hand Whart Dray. It. and M, Punch, Bourke-street. 102 ENGLISH House Coals on Sale at Porter's, 95 WiUiam-street, opposite Telegraph Office. _240 FOWLS, Ducks, Rabbits, Pigeons, Bird Cages, lor Sale, at 133 Little Collins-Btreet east. _432 "tJvURNirUllE.-Bargains always at Lipshut's, JD 122 SwanBtoa.street,corner.ol Lonedalo-street, 228 feb 24 INE ARTS.-The Raffle of Miss Kelly's Wax Flowers wiU take place February 20. C1 D F FR. WALLEN and SONS offer for Sale, in lots . to suit purchasers, 200 Arkins selected But. ter, all seconds ; also a small lot prime Enghst. Bacon, imported ex clipper ship James Baines, from Liverpool. 319 "lylREPROOF SAFES, Chubb'B Patent, with JD their Patent Locks, the best security against fire or thieves, on Sale, at their sole agents, Hor. tin, Thompson and Co.'s, 14 Flinders-lane west. _464 GOLD LEAF. Gold Leaf. Cheap. Went anti Pilley's, 84 Collins-street east, opposite Me- chanics' Institution. 189 GALVANISED and Painted Corrugated Iron a* Porter's, 95 WUliami-street, opposite Telegraph Ofllce._217 UNNY BAGS for Sale at James Dickson and Co.'s cordial store, 41 Flinders-lane east. 57 feb 21 G GROCERS' Painted Tea Canisters, Chinese, «fee. for Sale. Mitchell and Bonneau, 15 DlLei teth.Btreet south._OS GINGER BEHR and Lemonade Bottles for Sale. Apply Harvey and Occleston, 8 Little Collina ttieet east._211 leb 21 d and bi ARNESS.-ExceUent Tour-horse, Tair-horse, 'Bus, Gig, and Light Cart Harness. Joseph Low, late store of Immigranto' Aid Society, Flin d re-Btreet. Ex Twee Gebroeders._182 ONEY, English, a small invoice iu-t received, on Sale. David Masterton, 5 Little Bourke H H OBSON'S Bay Railway.-Two Shares for Sale. Address E. W. P., office of this paper. 34 ATS.-Blaok Silks and Felt on Sale. W; Gardiner, 87 CoUins-strect weat. 109 H _ HOTEL for Sale, on the Diggings, doing £100) per week. Terms moderate. Nicholson nnd Roach._ 77 IRONMONGERY, wholesale and retail. T.' Craig, 24 Bourke-street cast. 473 IRON and Zinc Houses for Sale, cheap, to close accountB. Jourdain, Holme and Co, La Trobc-Btreet east,_ 393 feb 20 IRON BEDSTEADS, double size, £2 each, Lip. shut's, 122 Swanston-street. Every description of Household Furniture as cheap as in London, owing to the depression in the Market. Observe the address, Lipshut, 132 Swanston-street, cornee Cf Lonsdale-street._228 leb 21 IRISH and Hamburg Pork, prime, on Sale. Da« vid Masterton, 5 Little Bourke street east. _350 KAU R Iii and Teak Logs, all Bizes, Carron limber-yard, 72 Flinders-lanc east, 427 ITCHEN RANGES, with Ovens, on Sale, cheap.' Mackay, Miller and Mackay, 52 Flinders lane east. 163 ETTLE EARS, RivetB, Tinmen's Snips and Mounting«, Ac. Mitchell and Bonneau, 15 Elizabeth.Btreet,_70 LAMP OIL, splendid quality. T. Craig, whole Bale and retail ironmonger, 24 Bourke-Btreet east._470 LIVERPOOL Pawnbroking Establishment, 17_ Little Bourke-street, near Arcade. Money lent ; interest charged trifling. 405 UCRATIVE Investment, Chapel.street, centre of Prahran.-For Sale, Halt-acre, with Ex- tensive Buildings aud Timber Yard. Kidston and Atchison, accountants, 30 Swanston-street. _87 LATHE.-Four-foot Brass Turning Lathe, ia good working order. Apply J. Nightingale Alexander, Queen-street._291 LOG Timber, in red pine and Kaurie, 14 to 80 feet, at Edmund Westby and Co's 143 MALVERN DOQ.CART-Superior. Josepti Low, late store ol Immigrants' Aid Society, Flinders-street, _181 MARINO HATS, KosButh and other Caps. Jo seph Low, late Store of Immigrants' Aid Bociety, FlinderB-Btreet._ 184 MANILA ROPE, all sizes. T. Craig, wholesale and retail ironmonger, 24 Bourke-street east. ._471^ AIZE.-50O Bushels Cracked Maize on Sale Thomas Wright, office, 119 Swanston-street.1 221 feb 21 M M ARZETTI'S Porter and Ales on Sale, at Da- vid Masterton's, 5 Little Bourke-Btreet east. 349 NORTHCOTE.-For Sale, One Rood in the Government Township. Apply W. Green. 89 Queen-street._2890 feb 21 OATS, V. D. Land, Seed, on Sale. William Bayles and Co,, 07 Collins-street west._283 ONIONS.-Five Tons V. D. L., on Sale. J. Mackay, 4 Western Market. 331 leb 84 OPENED This Day, the -Melbourne Cloth Half, or Gentlemen's Complete Outfitting Eßtab. Uíhment, 40 Bourke-street, next Union Hotel. «Tit-class Clothing. Hats and Caps reduced 50 per cent., to meet the times. Gentlemen are requested to visit thiB establish, nest beforo purchasing elsewhere. Hatters, Tailors, Habit and Trouser Makers. Observe Great Hat, between Bull and Mouth, and Union Hotel._487 OIL PAINTINGS oleaned, remounted, -and re- stored. Frames regilt. Yorke and Nortons, 07 Collins.street cast. 439 . NIONS, Onions.-Two Tons of superior Hobart Town for Sale, Whittingham Brothers, 91 Flinders-street._434 OATS, Oats,- A splendid sample of Scotoh on - Sale at Whittingham Brothers, 91 Flinders ?treet._[_435 OIL. Oil. OIL-The best Sperm, warranted, and every other description of oils, now sel -neat reduced prices at;M. Connell'B, GD Eliza- beth-street, and at 3 Little Collins-street west. _227 feb 21 PUMPS.-Braes Lift and Force, four-inch and under, at Edens, Hall, and Co.'s. 233 feb 21 PLUMBERS' TOOLS, aU kinds, and four-way Bath Cooks, at Edens, Hall, and Co.'s. '__234 teb 81 POTATOES.-Twenty Tons of the finest sample in the mirket for Sale at Whittingham Urothers, 91 Flinders-Btrcet, corner of Mincing. 1 lane, Wharf._' 433 PICTURE-FRAMES male to order on the shortest notice. Yorke and Nortons, 87 Col line-Btreet cast,_433 PLATE GLASS, large size and quantity, for Sale. G. W. Payne, corner Cambridge-streeb, Victpria-parade._17 PIGS and Poultry ior Sale. Willow Cottage, baok of the Spread Eagle Hotel, Richmond. _110 POSTS an J Rails of superior quality, for Sale" H. W, Patton and Co., 8 Mincing-lane, Wharf. '___' _ 328 \- T**«^^, PaUngsf weU-seasoncd Launceston. ' * », W. Patton and Co., 8 Minolng-lnne, Wharf.. ' aim .Store sheep ^^.^J^^^i s MtequYsfan,101WiUia_.-Btreet. f*. New Advertisements. ¿COTCH Lothian Ploughs for 8ale, at Willi*-« ' Tilley'«, broker, 95 Collins street west. 262 , S AGO, very line, on Sale at David Ma8terton's,$ 1 Little li lurku street part. 351 SLATES.-Duchess, C luntess and'Ladies for Sale at Edmund Westby and Co 'a Timber Vu nie. 142 S S' ADDLE Horse lor Sale, at W bydenham's hay and corn More, ¿51 Elizabeth street 146 STEAM ENGINE, Six or Twelve Horse, with Boiler, &o;, complete. Franklyn and Co., Fulton's-chamberi«,_292 OW and PIga for bale. Willow Cottage, blois of the Spread bn^le Hotel, Rlohmond. 115 S LATHS.-Duchen, Countess, and Ladies Slates lor ba e. Glov cr and Edwards, 72 Flinders. urtet west._ 320 SECOND Week's Sale.-This Day Great Bargains will be shown in Shawls, Mantles in Bilk. Clo'h and tweed, Barege Dresses; Siraw ana 1> illlnery Bounds, Dress Caps, and Children's Dresses. Wh le stock mu«t be sold. Auction prices, and i ro reserve UIUINNNIA HOUSE, corner of. Bourke and Rua-ell streets. 486 S" PONG INS and HIP B VTH3, Toilet "Services, Tea and Coffev PotB, Dish Covers, Sugar and! Deed Boxes, Lantern*, Candlesticks, Ac. Mitohelt and Bonneau, 15 Ehzubelh-Blreet. 72 y¿ Grocers.-For Sale l8 fine Show Canniotcra. . at 114 hllmbith-Btreet_377_ TO Paviors -rf,0 ill feet Arbroath and Caithness Flagging. Carron limber-yarj. 72 Firldoré lano cast. 420 TO be Dippoiedof, a Four-roomed House, corni pletely lurnished accommodating ten Board« era. Price £40, Apply at 47 Little Lonsd ale street east. 211 leb 20 TIMIii.lt ol all descriptions on Sale at Craw It y'a Steam baw .nilis, Bourke-street weet. _303 WIfKIE'S Iron Ploughs, cheap, T. Craig, wholesale and retail ironmonger, 21 Bourke. Fti cet ea»t 472 "CK/ HITE LEAD and Points on Sale cheap. TT Mackay, Miller and Mackay, 52 Flinders lane east. 162 WHil'a- An Invoice ef Superior Whips eepi bow, late store ot Immigrants Aid, Society, Flinderf-htieet._183 \ki ELL PUMPS-Lilt and Force Pumps, Iron V" Lift Pump, Juck Pumps, ut Edens, Hall, and Co 'a, 232 leb 21 E1GHING MACHINES, Spring Balances", and other beales and Weights. Mitchell and Bonnouu, 15 hhrubeth-street. HITE LEAD.-28-lb. Kegs, 10s. Od. Went ann Hlliey's, Collins-atreet, opposite Me- chanics' Institution, 186 WINDOW Frames and Sashes, glazed, com- plete, for Side. G. W. Payne, eorner Cam- bridge strei t, Vicioria-parade._16 ZINC blute-nails, Tacks, Brads, Clatp nnd other Mi ii j. Mitchell and Bonncau, 15 Eli. znbeth-strcet 09 -j C\C\ C\f\f\ THREE and Four feet Laths, lUv.UUU Carron Timber Yurd, 72 Fun. dera-lane'eabt, (\f\ Ç\Ç\Ç\ ïtfc-TjJ x *í Flooring on bale, Btreet west._ :ÏC\\(\ f\t \C\ FEET Planed Lining Boards^ l\J\J,\jKj\J at 12. per 100. E. Crawley'a Z\J,\J\J\J »t Crawley's Saw AliUs, Bourke ? rtet west. 30J f)f\ flAA FEET Red Deal Weatherboards. ¿à\f \J\J\J 9 and 7 lachea wide, at h. Craw« ley's Saw Mills, Uourke-etrcet west, near King. Btreet. 307 OX i"%CH~l HESr Countess Slates. Col ZD»\J 1 tter's Church,_214 feb 20 1KAÍ1 D )iiRi and Windows. C. and J. LuKJKJ Smith, CoUingwood buw Mills. 216 feb 20 Qf~\ i~\r\f\ FEET Baltio and American ÖV/tUtJU Flooring. Collingwood Saw Mills, near at. Peter's Church. 217 feb 2r tAAA BAL ITC Deals and Battens. C and ÖUI/U J. Smith, CoUingwood bow VMs 218 feb 20 QAAA -Pl-Kr red deni Weatherboird 7-int ÖUUI/ e.urron Timber-yard, 72 Flindeis lane. 421 QAA DOORS and Sashes, with and without ÖVU frames Carron limber-yard, 72 Flinders lone east. 422 1|~|/~\ CASKS Superior English Cement," l\J\J Carron Timber-yard, 72 Flinders- lane CilBt. 423 *)(~\ TONS Best hnalish Plaater Carron Tun ¿d\J bcr-yafd,72 Fhnderr-lanc east._424 ÂRRON ~TlVlBElUYTRr>7~72~FlinderB.laiie east.-ALHXaNDER CAIRNS and CO have on hand lor bale Deals, 8 x 3, 9 x 3, and 11 x 3 solid, and on Battens, Bx 21 Flooring boards, 1 in and H in. Skirling boards, 7 and 9 lu HnrdAooj. and deal quartering, 3x2 Do joists Kaurio pine, and teak beams and story posts Peatber-edged deal boards Lining bourds H aid wood flooring boards Doora, Scotch, English, and American manutueture Saetíes, with or without fromes Caeeroents, do do American lumber, 1 in. nnd li In. yellow Pitch pine, grooved andtongucd Sydney cedar, from i in to 3 in. thiok Do., turned work Singapore cedar board?, groo c tongued Iron-bark spokes Red and blue gum felloes Boxwood 11HV h, hhaits Axles, rough and finished Iron, assortid ¡17.es Wheel Bhoeing-platcs Smithy coals V heels and axles, wharf drays Port Phillip Heads lime, cowhair English cement Floater of Paris Laths, til ebrio ks ¡sheet lead, 4, , 7, and 8 lbs. Sheet zinc, gauges 9,10,11, and 12 Corrugated eheet iron, galvanised. Do. do. dark Cast metal and zinc spouting, piping, ridging, Ac. Do. do skylights Posts and rails Couti lern and ladles slates tuting battens Glass und putty Paperkangings._417 FOR 6alo,~at very low Prices, by the Proprieto-, who i* dcflirous ot retui ning to Europe, Household Furniture,-several lots, com. prising, Che-itâ ol Drawers, Bingle and double llirsetiolr and dumastt-seated mahogany chairs Bedstead?, four-post and French M uh 0, un y moles, and ether articles Glassware,- namely, tumblers, rummer.»,' wines, ai d fanoy-cut articles Soit shell almonds Velvet wim coi k8 Two vvheelea trucks, on pprings A wheelbarrow fitted for casks. Apply to A. J. PREVOT at the Store of Messrs. Horton, Thompson and Co., 143 Flinders-lane west. 405 E rn O R S AL E - 1000 bushels bran 40(0 bushels Danish oats 3500 do So 'toll do Brandy, in bulk and oases Butter, primo Danish, in firking, half firkins, and jurs 2000 wild and cut deals, in the bay 200« ca«es French brandy 2d tons Patna rice. MELCHIOR and CO., FHndcrs-lane weat, cor. ner ot Bond Sirect. 376 TTtOR SALE - -j} Buns, prime Scotch, just landed Boots, men's watertight» and wellingtons Do. do and boys' bluchers 1 Do. ladies' kid and cloth goloshed Brandy in qr. cubks, white wine Vinegar 1 Bottled nie, and champagno Cigars, cavendish, and ncgrobcad tobacco -Cratt-s of orockery, glass Corrugated galvaniaed sheet iron ' 1 Ploughs, bcotoh made, with triplicate mountings Soap, Groux'a yellow, in boxes Do. , de. assorted toilets Do. co, brown WiuUBur, and honey Do. do. salt water, plain »nd toilftg HACFARLAN, BOGLE, and CO., 85 Bourke Btreet east._130 , QR Sale, ex Ship Helena, from New York ! 53,156 feet H in, yellow pine flooring boards ' 850 pairs glazed eushes, variouB sues _ 550 do doora do KOGEUS, WARFIELD, LORD and CO. 273 feb 61 FOR Bale, ex Ship Helena, from New Yorl 244 cases boots, from first oalf to superior jHungarlan 6 dozen Leg floats 0 do patent do , 35 do handled axes, CollinB'a 10 do broad hatchets , , 10 do hammer picks , , 60 oases lobsters, 1 and 2 lb. tins , 25 do chickens 10 do green oom . 5 do uopeas > 100 tin h matches. ' ROGERS, WauFIuLD, LORD and CO., 116 Col lins-Btreet west._ 2T2 leb 21 to-OR Sale, by WALTER POWELL, ?<>. 5 Swan« J" ' Eton-street, nenrtho Bridge:- ' » " ki hales now canvass , ? 15 lons I'BSoited Manila ropa .'I .«rlcan cooking Btoves mi 150 Am., -.«.t, and hoop iren " J . _ 1 Bar. rod. .uv- . M anlvw'- ' *--*-«..»»? , 735 tpn»^l»ck^ ?- -.«d Uncinb.«, 150 d^- snort-bll.cue Yankee Bhovtls ",C0 do l-"Si. American axes * Í00 do ForBtcr'a long-strapped spades 1 ioo cast barrow wheels and ei-indu e A large assortment iron beüBtcaoa., it New Advertisements. I OR Sale, ex Ida, by WALTER POWELL : Fresh Kent oops 14 barrels currante 80 barrels doable-rose Cork butter 100 boxes Belmont sperm candles 75 cases (ono"gro8S each) glass lemonade " . " and ginger beer bottles. Ino. 5 Bwanaton-Btreet, near the Bridge. 172 I OR Sale, ex Helena, from New York, the fol- lowing assortment of Furniture . 100 doz wood seat chairs 35 do cane do 30 do single washstands 15 do double do l8 do sofa beds 15 do nurse rockers 16 do children's do. EOGERS, WAR1TELD, LORD, and CO., NoJ 116 CoUins-str. et west._274 leb 81 Til O R S A L £ JJ One steam engine, 31 Inoh oylinder One do. 9 do. do. One do. S horse power, upright One do. 5 do, horizontal One do. 7 do, upright One do. 7 de, horizontal One do. 8 do,, do. . One do. 10 do.. do. Pcilectly new, by the first Clyde makers. Plana at the office of the undersigned. 50 tons smithy coals 150 firkins butter 48 hhds English bacon 20 hhds speldings 50 hhds. finest Scotch whiskey 50 hhds. and puns. W.I. rum, 10 and 30 O P. 39 cases Cossack and watertight boots 15 half-tierces Barrett's tobacco l8 tierces pound sterling do. 10 casks finest currants 309 boxes muscatel raisins, in tin cases Brown and bleached navy canvass White and colored blankets, 8-4 to 12-4 100 crateB assorted earthenware 300 box« s tin plates 100 oases Dunbar's ale and porter WESTGARTH, ROSS and CO. 212 feb 23 Fit. WALLEN and SONS oller for Sale, ex . Nabob and Champion of the Seas Men's Wellington boots Do enamelled riding do Do leather button do Do Clarence do Do enamelled goleshed do Do calf dodo Do long enamelled thigh riding do Do strong nailed watertighta. l8 Flinders lane weBt. 317 FR. WALLEN and SONS have on Sale, all . imported, ex Indemnity and Shalimar A splendid assortment of oil floor-cloths', in cises to suit purchasers, and of the following sizes-60 x 12, 51 x l8, 45 X 12, patterns, veined oak, brown and white marble, turkey red, scroll, and chintz; also pieces 2.4, 5-8, 3-4, 4-4, and 5 4. Together with A lew oases wood and fancy oil-baizes', C4, 7 4, and 8 4. The foregoing will bo disposed of at a moderato advance on invoice l8 Flinders-lane west. 318 ON SAL H 75 tons flour 1000 bushels bran SO hhds MarteU's brandy 40 quarter casks do 500 boxes Belmont candles 100 quarter.casks Ingham'a maréala 150 cases Coleman's No, 1 starch 100 do do No. 1 blue LANE and|WILK8, Little CoUins-Btreet. 125 1 O ON S A L B - Fire-engine, complete, by Warner and Sons Ship engines, do, Force and lift pump Copper spirit measures Pumps adapted for deep sinking and garden purposes JOURDAIN, HOLME and CO., La Trobe.street east._380 feb 20 ON Sale by the Undersigneds Double rose Cork butter Red herrings Preserved salmon Dundee marmalade Bass's and Allsopp's bottled ale Barclay's bottled Btout Medoc claret Seed oats Countess and ladles' slates Hosiery, saddlery, and dog.carts, Ac. LORIMER, MACKIE and CO., 80 Flinders-Iane west._328 leb 81 N Sale by the Undersigned, Cobb's Margate ale, in hhds. Whitbread'B London porter, do Harper's bottled ale, porter and cider Worthington and Robinson's ale Old Tom, in bulk and bottle Glenlivet whiskey Case brandy Jamaica rum ALEXANDER WILSON, NEPHEW and CO., 11 Flinders street. 338 "\|EW Timber Market-To Architects, Timber i.1 Dealers, and Contractors.-On Sale by the undersigned : 160 pitch pine denis, 0x3, from 30 to 50 feet long 60 do. do. do., 12 x 4, 30 to 50 feet long 150,000 feet tongued and groved flooring boardB, H inch 100,000 do. planed on face, H and 1 inch 50,000 do.;ycllo\v nine, tongued and grooved flooring, li inch thick 50,000 do. laced do. do. 35;00O do. 1-inoh boards, planed and un Slaned 0.2 inch andu inch, with clear pine 1,000 dO. bullen-, 7 je BJ and. O ji 3 r 12,000 do. oak plank, long lengths, 1} to 4 inches thick, and well ndopted lor oarriaga builders and wheelwrights 35,000 do. cedar, I inch to 3 inohes thick, and in packages 50,000 do. full cut hardwood quartering and joieting 10 tons corrugated galvanised iron 20 gauge, in fine order: Bize of sheets, O and 8 feet long, and 30 to 34 inches wide, and will be sold in lots to suit purchasers. G. WILSON'S Wholesale Timber Market, Little Lonsdale-street and La Trobe street, between King and WilHam streets, opposite the FagstafE, _452 feb 31 ON Sale by the Undersigned, now landing 3400 bushels superior bran, ex Highland Lassie, ftom Adelaide 1000 do do. do., ex Zephyr, do. 500 bags fine flour, Crawford's, Elliott's, and Margarey's, ex White Swan, from Ade- laide. GEORGE and THOMAS HARKER, corner of Elizabeth and Lonsdale streets._344l ON Sale, by the Undersigned 20 tons Patna rice 20 do Chilian barley , 200 bushels Van Diemcn's Land oats 200 cases pint pickles 3 tons onions 20 eaBks Wollongong butter. J, J. CLARKE, corner of Market-square and Flinders-street._250 PLATFORM SCALES From iib. to 300 lbs. Do. do. 600 do. Do. do. 1000 do. Do. do. 1200 do. Do. do. 1500 do. ' Do. do. 2000 do. For Sale at SHEPARD'S, 24 Queen-strcct. _333 mar 6 RICH LAND for Sale: 235 acres, part of section 30, parish of Eummemmerring 148 acres, parish of Berwick 235 do do do 160 do do do Also, 86 acres, fenced in, one mile from Brigh- ton 50 do adjoining Brighton 3 to 30 do at Elphinstone 3 to 5 lots at Woodend 3 to 20 do at Kyneton Apply to JENNINGS and COOTE, 81 Bourke Btreet west._300 feb 24 SHARES FOR SALE - 166 Bank of Victoria 195 Melbourne Gas Company 100 Geelong and Melbourne Railway Com nany 56 Hobson'8 Bay Railway Company 10 Richmond Building Society 50 City of Melbourne Bonds, series 12,13. and 14, £6,100 to bo Lent on flrst-olass Freehold Proper- ties, in Bums of ±500 and upwards. EDWARD KHULL, Stook and Shore .Broker, Temporary Office, 35 Queen-street. i 62 THE Undersigned have for Sale Port, sherry, claret, champagne, hook, very superior ' Brandy in bulk, various brands Do. in bottle (United Vineyard's) Ginger brandy of very superior quality Ale and porter in bulk and bottle Old Tom (Tanqueray's) Ironmongery of every description, In weU assorted packages ' i Sheet-iron, galvanised, plain, and corra, gated Slates, Morrison's books, and sundries, MASON and SMITH, 3 Fllnders-street cast. ^_ 2.4 feb 21 TO Wholesale Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. For Sale, the National Hotel, Maryborough, situated in the most central and best , part of Bimson's Diggings. This hotel is 80 feet long, 40 wide, 27 high, 10} walls, with verandah, stables, poied of No. 1 American canvass, upon a very sub- stantial American pine frame, is suitably divided Into bed rooms, e-itting-rooms, handsome bar, &a.; The whole, including plant and furniture, to De seid a bargain. This capacious building affords an excellent opportunity to capitalists. Apply to Mr. BARRETT, on the premises; or Mr. RITCHIE, Smyth's-buUdings, Chancery-lane. _295 feb 23 alt c.ztiZZT:":., .n.nd "tr.::«.-*, DaviTanâ B Co. ISO Bourke Btreet east, are prepared to tujuit the ftbOVe, having received ftom home a complete set of standard weights, balances and Ares, »««ted by certificate, which con be Hftnon application-__,_iiv leo ¿í iCíSS AITKEN has ceased from this date to .1 have any interest in the Melbourne Parcel R New Advertisements. /.CAUTION to the Public-Get your wclgnta and \J measures adjusted. R. Davies and Co., 15S Bcnrkc-street east. 210!eb 24 WRITING improved, however had, to any Btyle, in eight lessone, guaranteed. Hamp- shire Cottage, Napier.etrcet, Collingwood. _ 237 feb 24 ÏO Invalids and Others.-For Hire, by the day or hour, a One.horse Carriage to curry four pi rfons. with a steady driver. Ordere recivcd Old Curiosity Shop, Brunswick street; Mr. Willi, Woore street ; Blackwell'8, baker, Kin* William Blrect, CoUingwood._230 mon wed feb 28 PANAMA~Hata Cleaned; Cabbnge~rieo Hats cleaned. J. Banks, south sue National Bchools, Emerald Hill east. í STRAW Bonnots Cleaned; Horsehair Bonnet! cleaned. J. Banks, Emerald Hill cast, south, title tin: National schools. 27 LIST of Unclaimed Letters at the Ofllce of Gena- uer ana llegde T. H. C. Jordan Welhelm Keller Carl Schubert W. Koniizer, 4 Mr. Duggan, 2 John Evana. I JOURNALISM.-An Editor accustom-d to the management of a first-class paper deeitcsan Engagement in either colony. Vivid, ofllce of this paper._184 wed feb 21 LOADING for Ballaarat.-A Carter might hoar of Loading to the above place by applying at Clifton Cottcge, Glasgow-place, Drummon d- Btreet, immcliately._ 23 1ÑTS and Debts lcgully Collected, ondPro pertit'B Sold on Commission, by Kidston and Atcli'.oon, 30 Swanston-sttect. 99 BOOK-KEEPING.-Account» posted by the job or by oontrnct. Balance sheets pi enured. Ac- countant, office of this paper._212 fob 20 LIKENESSES.-Tho bet taken in Town aro by Miss üumpson, 4 CoVtiaB-strcet eutt, 410 feb 24 THE undei signed have freight for Ae'elnide. Woodhouse, Burns and Co., 36 Flluders-lnnc eatt._ 128 WILL bo published in England, shortly, Emi- grants, Emigrant Ships and1 Emigration, by L C. Payne, author of Sons ol the bea. 315 Oí OKfY1'0 ,LÇnii,on ci.tv Securities. Jennings! and Coote, solicitors, Bourke Btreet i 'N- 358 lib 21 I M* ONEY Advanced to any amount on Gooda for Sale. E. Do Carle and Co., Arcade Ollloe. _410fi'b23 MONEY Advanced upon , Plato, Watches, Jewellery, Sillín,' Velvets,' WooKeiiH and every description of Manohoiter and LcoJa Goods lor unreserved sale. Apply to N. Levi, auctioneer, 30 Queen.Btreet. 257 4?K(\ (~\ TO Lend on Suburban Brick Iluild' inga. W. Gaidiner, 87 Ccilllus.atreet 108 fJt(~\f\n TO Lena on Freehold Property. 3&1\JKJ\J VC. Gardmcr, 87 Colima, street FELLMONGERS can obtain Frontiges to the Saltwater River, near Flemington, by np pljing to Heney, M'Comasand Co., 0 Queen Btreet. 170 /^UEENSCLIFFU.-A Party ha von» Three Cot w, tages wouldEroct them on the above mtcrist ííik township. Au to terms, apply1 Carron l'lraber Yard, 7J Hinders- Lino cast. 418 LETTERS expecti-d through M'Cormaolc and Co, Apply Labor Market, 147 Collins-slroet east, '" i03 WRITING Taught anil Improved, in aryetjle, guaranteed In eight iiessons. Heidelberg Store, Brunswick-street, Collingwood. _402 feb 24 TO Wine, Spirit, Grocery and Provision Aler chanta and Importers.-A party eut.i ing into the above line ot burinées nt Geelong tvnnta to be respectably conneoted at Melbourne. Terms oaah. Application lo A., Argus ofllce, Geeloni _¿011_feb20_ "DOXWOOD, Boxwood. Boxwood.-Any quiin JJ tity purchased, on application at the Illus- trated Sydney Xeu-s Ofllce, 32 Hunter-Btreet, Sydney, or SLIINDELju and CO., Melbourne. _2830 feb 20 ïjEAll'S Stock Exchango and Estate Agenoy JJ Rooms, 03 Queon-strcât. Money offering : £1200, £500, on mortgage, for three or four ¡years', on city property or good farms. Landed property lor Sale: Contractors, omnibus and livery stable proprie- tors, will find for sole very desirable premipes well adapted lor their business, oorncr of Victoria paradeand Wellington-street, Collingwood,capablo of acormmodatingforty-nine horeefl, with ii black- smith's shop complete with tools, und u machino house with a Btcam engine to work two chaff futters, anda corn crusher: also a-Wellbuilt two atory briok house with four rooms und out- house?, ' N.B.-If not sold within a Bhort period the al eve will bo offered by publio auction. For further particulars apply ut the nb.ivemen tionedrooms. BEAR AND SON. 2¡¡l>7 leb 20 CAUTION of Credit.-Whereas my wife, Alary Morrison left her home on Wednesday night, 14th inst, without just cause, I caution parties fiom giving her credit, as I will n t pay debts flio may contract. John Morrison, builder, Argo street, Prahran. 207 leb T9 il und b JOHN K. POW, Publia Accountant, Referee, Auditor, and Accountant in Insolvency, No. 7 Templo-court, Chnnoery-lnne. P.S. Late Account- ant in Bankruptcy, England. The advertiser contracta to poat up merchant1»' books and prepare n balance sheet, at Mated times, In a mercantile, Bolentillc, and satlb&ctory; form, lor a fixed sum per month orper annum, according to the «mount of work to be done. merchants assisted at balancing time with their books. Insolvents' estates managed, nnd statements of aflcirs prepared to lay before créditera lie lei co in determining matters of accounts ia dÍBpute,&c.; Hooks audited, and periodic statements prepared for corporate and publio bodies. _ _ 2B1 THE Wharf Auotion Mart, Flinchra-strcët, Went, next to Murphy's Brewery, Melbourne. 'lhe above establishment is now computed, und rfndy for the reception ol goods for puMio sale or otherwise. In making this umiounc nient, t -o jioprittor would particularly reques: the attention ol mercantile houses in this city to tho Ural-rato stand in which the Wharf Auction Mart ipi-ituated. For the pale of colonial pronuco, of'very des'rip t on, its position is unenunlled. The Viopriitot would nleo add, that nil goods en ti us ed to hu charge ebal! be attended to with that em rpy and care which has hitherto oharacteri'ed Ins oirecr, mil will continue the bneis ol his future mercjn tile transaction*. I DW'ARD GILBERT,. February Otu, 1855._141 __ VICTORIA FAMILY ROTEf,, Gicy-Bticet, St, Kilda -The proprietor ot this Select Estab- lishment begs to inform his friends and the pub he generally that he is now prepared turcceivfd Private Families and Single Gentlemen on very nodcrate terms. N.B.- Those gentlemen who could not be accommodated arc iulnrmeJ that there sr« now vacancies. 42 leo 23 alt COLONIAL INSURANCE COMPANY, 0 Collins. Btreet west -A general meeting c1 lb? Miare holders is appointed to be held at the.-e i tllocfl, on Saturday, 24th February instant, at ek-ven o'clock ¿r. the foreiicon, in ti rms of the Company's deed of Ecttlement, and for the purposes named in the 4lst clause thereof. J. KNIGHT LEAKE, Managing Director. 17tU February, 1*55. 210 feb 20 CITY OF MELBOUHNE SUBURBAN AND AGRICULTURAL FHEEHOLD HOME SO C1ETY,-A public meeting ot the members of tlili ¡fociety will be held in the Hall of the Mi ebonies' In' titute, on Thursday, the 22nd day of Ft bruary, inBtant, at seven o'clook, to consider special and important business. The attendance of members is particularly request'd. By order ol the I'oird, W. S. WOOLCOTP, Managing Dircc'.or, .03 Collin-) street east. 07 LOYAL MELBOURNE LODGE -Widow and Orphan Institution,-A Mee'ing ol Odd Fel- lows, M. U., favorable to the above, will be bold at the Supreme Court Hotel, on Wednetelny evening, 2l6tin8t, at half paBt seven, for Confirmation of the LawB and Election ol Officers. M. i-iii'inuel, Se cretary pro tem. 4t)7 fi b 21 alt LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION, Lo.fr« MI». 1 -A Special General Meeting is convened tor Tuesday evening, at seven p.m., lor tue aiUption ol a Congratulatory Address to the Right llonble. tie Earl ol Enniskillen, on his late Providential eECape from a deep-laid Plot and Oonepirany, By order of the W. Al. 453 MELBOURNE Chamber of Commerce -Th" members are respiotfully informed that an adjourned General Meetingot the Chamber will be- held at 09 Collina-street wcfit, this dav, at two o'clock precisely, for tho fuither consideration of the question as to the best manner of promoting Agriculture, and the settlement of the Waite Landa in tho Colony. RICHARD WOOLLEY, Secretary. 23 IN the Supremo Court of the Colony pf Vio- torla- EcolCBiastlcnl Jurisdiation. - In tho gcods and chattels of John Campbell, late of Col lijigwood, near the oity of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, surgeon, decnucd_Notico H 1 ireby given, that at the expiration c1 fourteen tlaye from the publication ot this advertisement, an application will be made to the Supremo (.'our. c1 the colony ot Victoria, in Its ccclcf iastionl juris . diction, on behalf of James Campbell, of Colling v cod, aforesaid, that letters of administration of the gcorls and chattels of the above-named de. cr CFtd, be granted to him tis the next oi kin of tho laid deceased. Doted thfs seventeenth day of February, 1855, HINES and S AN DWFLL, Proctors for the sall James Campbell, 00 Chancery-lane. , 105 I HAVE appointed Mr. James Rennie, vvntoh maker, Elizabeth-r-troct, my agent. WilbUm HcdohkiSB. WUliam Adderley, witness. _221 feb 21 JAMES MOREY'S ESTATE.-A11 dalma again« the above estate are requested to be sent In to the office of Messrs. Nenve, Adames mid O'V-, vW lwsrket-iouare, on or before Moroh otu, 185a. Frank Adames, William Henry Hill, tr"^c¿B¿r. WE, the Undcrfigncd, oithe firm of Pojak and Joel, have dissolved partncralilp by mu tuai concent. Nelson Polatt. MaurloeJoeL Vilt Eif«,LewlBPclak. Dated Feb. nth, 18^. New Advertisements. DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.-Notice is hereby given, that the Paitncrship hereto, f le subsisting between ub, the Undersigned, trading as Auctioneers and Commission Ageuts in Melbourne under the Btylo of A. ¿raser and Co.. hat1 been this day dissolved by mutual consent, so far aB regards Mr. Thomas Stevens, who retires lion the firm. The Business will in future be carried on an heretofore under the style of "A. Fraser and Co.," by whom all Debts due to or by the late Firm will be received and paid. ALEX. FRASER. TH03. BTEVENS. WitncB3-K. E. Brodribb. February 15th, 1855._8877 feb 20 "jw] OT1CE 1b hereby given that by an Indenture XN of Assignment, dated the tenth day of Feb- ruary, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and made between me, the undeisigned Thomas Williams, of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, .wine and spirit merchant, of the first part; Adam Kilgour, of Melbourne, aforesaid, accountant, and William Wilson Tickle, of Melbourne, aforesaid, merchant, of the second part; and the several other pereonB whose names on behall of themselves and thüir respective partners (if any) or by themselves ©r theirrctp»ctive agents, are thereunto subscribed and seals affixed, being respectively four-fifths in Bamber and in value ol all the crcditora of me the ?aid Thomas Williams-all which said creditors of »ne the «nie Thomas Williams, are named in the first schedule annexed to the said Indenture, or thereunder «ritten, with the amount due to them , respectively,of the third part; I the said Thomas Williams, atthe request, and by the direction, and on the nomination of the raid several creditors ot mc, the said Thomas Williams, did,tor the consldor a iona therein mentioned, assign unto tho said Adam Kilgour and William Wilson Tiokle, their cxeoutor», administrators, and assigns, all the leasehold land, hereditaments and premises, chat» tele, credits and efTects, and other my personal estctcand effeota whatsoever and wheresoever ol- or to, or in whioh I, or any person or persons in 11 ust for me, am, is, or are possessed or entitled, or haveorhutli any right or interest whatsoever,-a true and particular account whereof (wearing ppparel and necessaries to an amount not exceed- ing the sum of twenty-five pounds, only exceptcd) f o far as I can Bet forth the same, is Ect forth in the second schedule to the said Indenture annexed cr thereunder written, for the benefit of nil my creditors." And notice is hereby lurther given that the said Indenture of asiignment was duly exe- cuted by me. tlie Said Thomas Williams, and;byItlio eaid Adam Kilgour and Willinm Wilson Tickle, in Hie presence ol, and attested by, William Nichol sen, one ol' her Majesty's Justices oi the Peaco los the oity of Melbourne, and colony ol Victoria, according to the provisions of a ceriain Act of the Governor and Legislative Council of New South Willes, made and passed in the fifth year of the reign ol'her present Majesty Queen Victoria,en. tituled " An Act for the further amendment of the Law, and fir the better advancement of Justice.» And notice is hereby Ifurthcr given, that the said Indenture of Assignment now lies at the offices of Messrs. ¡Duerdin and Bronckhorst, solic'tors,;Col. linB-etrcet west, Melbourne, for inspection and execution, > Dated this tenth day of February, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five. _,. THOMAS WILLIAMS. Witness- William Nicholson, J,P. 20 "VI OTICE is hereby given, thut by Indenture J-^l bearin? date this seventeenth day of Feb- ruary, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight 1 undred and fifty.five, and mado between John M'Fsrlanc, of the city of Melbourne, grocer, of the first part; John Edward Irving Dickson, James I'urves nnel Charles Randall, all of Mel. bowne aforesaid, merchants, of the second part; und the several persons whOBe names'are there, unto subscribed and affixed, being respectively creditors of the enid John M'Farlane, of the third part:-The .Bald John M'Farlane did convoy, assign and tranBfer all and singular his real lease. hold and personal estate and effects whatsoever (wearing appaicl and necesBaries not exceeding the value ot twcnty-flvc pounds only exceptcd), f-ubject to such mortgages. HenB, chnrgeB nnd In cumbrnncee, and all such contracts and agree- ments as Wire then subsisting or affecting the Fame respectively, unto the said John Edward Irving Dickson, James Purves and Charles Ran- dal), their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, upon trust lor the benefit of the creditors of thcsaidtJohn M'Farlane ; and which said inden. tuie has been duly exeouted by the eaid John »i cFarlane, John Edward Irving Dickson, James Purves and Citarles Randall, in the presence of and attested by John Hodgson, Esquire, one of lier Majesty's Justices ol the Peace, pursuant to ihe act in that case made and provided. And ne tice is heicby lurther given, that the said inden. lure is now ljing at tho office of John Barter Bennett, solicitor, Collins-street weet, Melbourne, ior inspection and exeoution by the several crcdl. tors of the said John M'Farlane. Dated this seventeenth day of February, one thousand eight hundred and fifty- five. JOHN M'FARLANE JOHN E, J. DICKSON J. PURVES CHARLKS RANDALL. Witness to each signature-Jons Hodgson, J,P. 395 Tnos. Rjksoii. .VTOTICE.-If the box lor Mrs, Coward, stored at J-N the Olive Branoh Hotel, La Trobe-strcet, is not claimed within fourteen days from this date, it wiU be sold to defray expenses. February 17th. TVrOTICE is hereby given, that the undermen. J-\ tioned goods are now lying unclaimed, at the stores of the undersigned, in William-street; and unless claimed, and expenses paid ttiereon, within one week from the date hereof, will be sold to delray freight and charges: Ex Royal Stuart, from London, ¡' 1 case, addressed R. Webb, La Trobc-strect Ex Mary Ann, irom Dublin, 1 oase, addressed Mrs. Poleman, New Villa, Melbourne Ex Spray of the Ocean, from Liverpool, G and Co, in diamond, and EJ and M under, In diamond-1 case G and Co., and l'a under, in, diamond-I oaEC DB and Co, in diamond-1 case 1 oase ironware, no mark 1 do, addressed J. B. Lyons .Sydney MONTEFIORE, GRAHAM and CO., 54 Williim .treet. Melbourne, 19th Februnry, 1855. 140 ( CITY OF MELBJURNE.-Notice is hereby given, that Tenders will be received at the Tewn Clerk's Office, Town Hall, till ten o'clook, a.m. of Thurs'lay, 22nd inst,, from persons willing to contract for either oi the undermentioned publio works, in accordance with plans and apeoi lications to be seen on application at the- ollice of the City Surveyor, viz. : 1\. Kerbing and channelling Flinders-street, north Bide, from Spencer-street to Elizabeth, street. 2\. Forming Russell.street, from Flinders-street toBourke-street, on its permanent level, and me. tullinga ron.lwny, 30 feet wide, in the centre. 3\. Forming Johnston-Btrcet, irom Nicholson street to Smith-street, on ita permanent level, and metalling a roadway, 30 feet wide, in the centre. '1 he tenderers will, in every ouse, be held bound by their tenders, and no excuse or mistake msda Will be entertained. The succcBsl'ul tenderer will bo required to enter into a bond of security to the Corporation, with two sufficient sureties for tlie duo performance of the work; and it is to fe distinctly understood that the penalty of the bond will be strictly en- te iced in ucee of luilure on the part of any con- tractor. The tenders must be addressed to the Chairman: ol the Tublio Works Committee, endorsed with the nature of the work tendered for, and deposited in the lender box, in the lobby of the Town Clerk's office. No tender will be received whioh is not in striot accordance with the specification, N.B.-Persons tendeing are requested to be in attendance at tho Town Hall on Thursday, the 22nd inst., at ten o'clock a.m. WILLIAM KhKH, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Melbourne, 17th February, 185.1. 2891 leb 21 TENDERS for Bricklayers', also Carpenters* Work, Wanted this day. Job near Kew. James Richardson, builder, Hawthorne._01_ TENDERS are required by ten a.m. on Tuesday next, the 20th inst., for a small quantity of Rubble walling. Russell, WattB and Pritchard, architects, 01 Collins-Btreet east,_197 TO BUILDERS.-Tenders are required by the Insurance Companies interested, for the Erec- tion of the premises situated next to the Sir Charles Hotham Hotel, Flinders-strcct weat, and lately destroyed by fire. Plans and specifications tobe Been at the offices of CharlcB Laing, Esq., architect, Elizabeth-street, on and after Tuesday. the 13th inst., between the hours of ten and four. Tenders to bo addressed to the Secretary of the Liverpool and London Fire and Lifelneurance Company, Collins, street weet, Melbourne, and tent in not later than the 23rd inst. W. MURRAY ROSS, Resident Secretary. 24 TO Carpenters nnd Plasterers.-Tenders will bo received until noon on Thursday, 22nd inst., ior Carpenters' and I'lastererB' Work, in finishing ihe interior of Wesleyan Chapel, Collingwood. Plans and Specifications to be seen at my office: after twelve on Monday. P. J. CROUCH, archi. tect, Central City Chambers, 51 Swanston-street, 177 MUSICAL Entertainment.—Concert Room, Union Hotel, Bourke-street, open every evening. Admission free. Concentration of talent: Miss Urie and Miss Hartland, the favourite Scotch and English Ballad Singers; and Mr. Golding, the celebrated Irish Comic Singer, every evening. Mr. Alfred Oakey will preside at the piano. Miss Urie is re-engaged, and will sing every evening at the Concert Room, Union Hotel. Mr. Golding ia re-engaged, and will sing every evening at the Concert Room, Union Hotel. Concert Room, Union Hotel. Miss Hartland, ti e favorite Balladist, formerly of this establish, irent, has been re-engaged, and.wUI make her lirBt appearance this evening. Concert Room, Union Hotel. Mr. Alfred Oakey, late conductor of the Monster Concerts, will com- mence his engagement at this establishment this evening._liïL., MR. DENNING'S Select Quadrille Assembly, this evening, Protestant Hall.-—This assem- bly, partaking of an exclusive character, an indis- criminate and public patronage ia not solicited : ladles only of known respectable families will be received, and it is hoped that gentlemen will not attempt to injure the meetings by introducing objectionable persons._84 RADFORD'S Celebrated Band at the Ball to- night. Top of Stephen-street ; strictest propriety observed. _ 392 RUSSIAN War.—Grand Panorama, Wednesday. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday Evening, at half-past 7 and 9___135 RUSSIAN War. — Temperance Hall. — Over- flowing audience. Families are rcpneated to i ixienre reserved Beats. Admittance One &hlllin;|.. New Advertisements. ABTLEY'S.-Sol« Lessee and Manager, Mr. G. Le-wis. Treasurer, *Tr II Biroh. Conductor ol the Circle und Hing Master, Mr T. Nunn. Mondav and TueBday, February 19 and 20, The lollowiug 1'rcg'amme will be presented: Reprnd ictionol the London Eqmetrinn Specta. ele, introducing the highly trained maro " Blaok Bees," with appropriate costumes, music, deoota tions, ¿c, entitled, DICK TURPIN, Or, Lire and Death of Bonny Black Bess ! A Gorgeous Entree by Ten ot the principal La- dies and Gentlemen ottiie Establishment, on gally caparisoned btuds, entitled, The Cnvchcrs of iIip Olden Time, and their Courtly Dames. Monsieur Klaei as the Juggler of Bengal. Vaulting bv the .rUrial Troop, In which Mr. Ii Walk r, the great Somerset Thrower will appear, aided by Mr. I. Lee, and the rest or ti e Corni iinj. Mrs. Ycamnns and Mr. J. L. Smith, as Diana and Endymion. I Mr, W. Barlow in lils celebrated and much ad- mired act, entitled Don J unn. Tho Brothers, Dimming and Stebblng, on the ' Double Trapi-z. M ellie Antoinette Berg, the Daring Equestrienne, Mr. T. Leo In a celebrated not, entitled The Wild Indian. Pablo Fanquc's pupil. Master J. Christof!', tho Dancer of the Air I Mr. P.iblo Fanquein his surprising Trick Act. Those Merry Functionaries, Messrs. Yeamrns and Aelams Lessons in the Art of Hiding and Horses Broke) for the Field or Road by Mr. W. Barlow, of whom Cards ot Ti rms mav be obtnined. No Dogs admitted to any part of the house. The Doors will open nt Half past Seven, and the Performance v ill commence precisely at night. Prices ol Admission .-Dress Circle, 8s. ; Side Boxes, 7s. ; Pit. 5s. ; Gallery, 2s Od. Smoking will be strictly prohibited in all parts of the Theatre. Persons of Improper Character will be strictly excluded from tho Dress Circle and Side Boxes. 2017 CREMORNE GARDENS.-Grand Oula Night For tlie Benefit of Madle Dallo Case. To Night, Monday, 19th February, 1855. Double Company I Jones's celebrated Equestrian Troupe will, in the courfe of the evening, introduce the following: 1\. Horsemanship by the Little Nugget. 2\. Académiques Poses on two horses, by Mr Jones and the Little Nugget. 3\. Vaulting, by the Company. First Appearance of the Smallest Performer ia the World. The Gvmnastio Art will, by the combined excel- lence ol the Artistes engaged, obtain a triumph hitherto unknown, M. LALANNE, the First Trnmpolinist in the Colony, will peiform his wonderlul Leap of the Battle! In this surprising leit the artiste will leap over Twelve Soldiers, with fixed bayonets, who will fire at him as ho parses over them. Grand Ascent and Descent noroas tho Lake, by Madame li.il'e Case, surrounded by a brilliant display of Fireworks. a he Giant's Polka, by two Figures 71 feet high Tight Rope Dancing, by John Downey, juu., the celebrated Monkey. i Pas de Grnces on two Ropes, by Madame.DaUo CaFe and M. Lalanno. 'ihe Gardens can be reached by road anel river. Omnibuses leave tho Bull and Mouth every even- ing, returning alter the performances. Admission for this night only, 2s. Od. 400 CRITERION HALL. - Immense Attraction To-night, and every evening during the week, Grand Promenade Concerts a la Jullien, in the spacious and magnificent hall of the Criterion Hotel. An entire change of performance. One shilling. Admission, one shilling. Miss Graham, in her admired Scotch ballads; Miss Bourne, the well-known and favorite songstress; Mr. Geo. Clifford, the unrivalled tenor of the colony; Herr Funk, the unsurpassed per- former on the clarionet, will execute one of his elaborate solos every evening during the week. Together with Chapman's unrivalled band; com- rising all the acknowledged available talent in the colony: Miss Graham, Miss Bourne, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Chapman, Herr Funk, Mr. Weston, Mr. Reed, Mr. Mather, Mr. Weis, Mr. Thorn, Mr. Sims, Mr. Ellis, Herr Keillor, Mons. J. H. Krom. Doors open at half-past seven. Commence at eight. One shilling. Admission, one shilling. P.S. Mr. Chapman, the conductor of these Con- cert's, attends daily, at twelve o'clock, at the Crite- rion Hall, to engage vocalists and solo performers, of first-rate talent; as he is determined no expense shall be spared to make this fashionable place of amusement the favorite of Melbourne. 445 O ONCER T and Ball every evening, free, at the European Concert Hall, FitzRoy-strect, Col- lingwood. Ladies are particularly invited to at- tend. 450 CASINO, Casino, Casino.-Grand Fancy Dress Ball to Night, under new management; Ad- mission 5a. 391 CAblNO.-Fancv Ball to-night ; Catnpblo, Master of tho Ceremonies. Gentlemen's Tickets, 5s. each. 393 SA lT Ë DE VALE Ñ~T I "Ñ"o7^ Monday, 19ih February, and cvciy evening dilling the week, Grand Ball and Concert Pi omen ade Lender and Conductor, Mons. Fleury, Assisted by a host of Musical Talent. Concert to commence nt 8 ; dancing at 9 o'olooki Doors opon.at half past seven ; admission 2s 0d. 304 UNDER the patronage of'his Worship the Mayor, on Wednesday evening, Feb 21,1855, Mr. BurelVn (who Iiob kindly offered his services), Will Read, nt the Mechanics' Institution, blialei,penreB' Play e f Tho Merchant of Venice, - ? The prooceds to be devoted to the benoflt of that excellent Institution the Benevolent Asjlum. At the commencement and between each Act, a piece will be performed upon the Grand Piano, by Mr. Charles Elsasser. Doors to bo opened at eight o'clock, and com- mence at a quarter past eight. Admission 2s Od.; rejereed seats 4s. Tickets for the reserved sea's may be previously obtained at the Institution, and at No. 4 rltzlioy-street, Collingwood. '_ 44 leb 21 LOST, on Saturday afternoon,between the Adam and Eve fluted and top ot Little Cillinn street, a Black Leather Pocket Book, containing letters and papers, with thirty shillings mmev. Whn. ever will return Hie same to the owner, John Gil- roy, at John Orr's, ncxr to Ciipt. Hutton's, Victoria parade, Bhnll receive Two Pourds Rewaid 427 LOST, Carpet Bag at tlie Railway station, Irom the Ship Canaan. Apply to William Uauld, 111 Little l-onsdale-'treet cast. 300 BOG Lost in North Melbourne- A young Bull tcriior Bitch, tan colon d nn ears. 103. Re» ord by giving information to L'ovo rnd Tuylur, builders, Courtney-street, North Mel bourne. 412 LOST, between 99 Flinders.Btreet east and Piince's Bridge, a Black Lace Veil, The Under Will be Rewarded. 155 LOST a Bundi ofKeypjin Russell.strect,between Little Bourke-street and Flinders-ntroet, about a fortnight ago. Any one bringing thom to the Duke of Wellington 'Hotel, corner ot Flinders and Russell streets, will be handsomely Rewarded. 53 NOTICE -Found Strayed at theRobort Burna Hotel Yard, Lon ad ale, Btreet, on the night ot the 15th inst., a Bny Horse, branded PofTshouldar, near hind fetlook white, and collar marked ; having a halter on. The owner omi have him by paying expenses, and giving prooiuatotho animal being his bona fide property. _200 STRAYED into my Premises about Two Months ago, a Grey Horse, branded Y on back, under saddle. Apply to A. Sawyer, Irishtown, Lower Plenty rcaeY. 53 feb 21 SHEEP Lost-Strayed from Emerald Hill, on Saturday, 17th inst, Seventeen Bheep an I One Lamb, branded O on hip and crosied with tar cn the shoulders. Whoever returns the rarne. or gives information of thom, will be handsomely Ko. v arded. Wil'nn and Frier, butchers, Coventry sheet, Emerald hill._3__ieb 21 fVÊHPOUNDS REWARD.-LoBt or Stolen, about a nillo from Mr. Riddle's Station and near the Bush Inn, a Bay Horse, star on forehead, O J on near shoulder, one fetlook white. Whoever WÜ1 bring the aamc, either to Mr. RIDDLE'S, or the North Star, North Melbourne, will receive tlu stove Itcwnrd. 59 FIVE POUNDS REWARD.-Lost, Stolen, or Strnyed, a Grey Horse, branded WD near O shoulder, between Deep Creek Road and Mr. Rid- dle's Station. The obovo Reward will be paid on reoovcry of the Horse by J. B. WEHE, KENT and CO. 275 feb 20 d 22 hi TEN POUNDS REWARD.-Caution to Pounu" kcepers.-Stolen or strayed, at the Busli Inn Creek, One Bay Horse, branded It L off nook, and II near shoulder ; and One Grey Horse, branded J F near shoulder, Whoever will gite informa« 5 tion to Mr. Alfred Ford, Livery Stables, Stephen ttieet, Melbourne, wiU receive the above Howard. ' 388fc-b20d&b; TOOTH-ACHE.-Waddel's Anodyne.-Mr, Ford has received per City of Hobart, a supply of this Invaluable Remedy for Toothache. It waa used for a number of years by the patfents of tho latn Mr Waddell, surgeon dentist, both fn England and on the Continent, as well as in these Colonies, v ith the most marked success. It is also valuable BB a preventive, when the teeth are affected by exposure to the air, and is entirely freo irom all these injurious qualities which are ollen contained Id other alleged remedieB. , A Bingle trial will suffice to demonstrate its in Ortimablc value to cvciy sufferer from toothache. Full directions for use accompany eaoh bottle. Sole agent lor Melbourne, Mr, Ford, chemist. Swanston street, from whom the anodydc can be ol tained In any quantity. l8 J wed Batapl 4 BOTANICAL Collections, classioally arranged, with specimens to mutch, na presents to send heme. English Forest Tree Seeds: Larch, Fir, Dolly, and other fuvori'o kinds, indigenous to Great Britain, warranted. Bunco's Works on Votany, Horticulture, and the Aborigines, Ao ; Designs for Villa Gardens, furnished and superin- tended. Apply Mr. Urquhart. 73 Collins-street Vfft ; Geelong: Air. Thomas Brown, bookseller. DAKIEL BUNCE. 504 wed & Bat c Miscellaneous. LOST.-Bay Horse, B, BY over, B under neu» shoulder, P near neok, B off shoulder'b off neck, white star forehead, snip on nose, soar new fere leg. Apply Mr. Holmes, Gold Diggers' lùât EtBtaurant, Spring Creek. £5 Reward. Fred.« > rice._2837 marl bl ' RAND WRESTLING HATCH, at William*« Hotel, Seven Stars, Clark's Point, Creewiolrti Creek. * To bo wrestled for, commencing on Saturday the 24th February, 1855, the sum of £100 in «H prizes:- T The 1st prize . ¿40 2nd do .... 25 3rd do . 15 4th do . 10 5th do . Cth do . 3 The two first standards to receive the sum of 108. each . I £106 T. WILLIAMS, both in returning thankàfôr past favors, and wishing frlenda ot the noble sport to »glin rally round bim, would take this opportun. Hy of acquainting them that he ha« made extensiv* liberations in his rin«; it is now 300 feet in cir- cumference, with seatB to hold comfortably tv» thousand five hundred people. Admission-Two Shillings and Sixpence day. 2466 feb 28 bi IMPROVED Substantial and Economical Iron Fencing and Hurdles, on sale at Fulton's foundry. 393 feb 23 bi ALFRED WILSON is requested to coll har» dintely upon W. D. Wood, Exchange Hobjl Colllnp.Btreet, Melbourne, and write to his fist« in New Zealand._153 feb 19 U ' SHIP Golden diately to Btreet, Collingv_ LIITLEDEW-CHUHCH.-Jame. PreeccTTewll your address at the ofllce of this paper foi yonr Bister Ann._152iibl9M 1 M' li. WILLIAM ANSCOMBE-please send youl address to Dr. Stilwell, Post Ofllce, Maryi fcorough, Simpson'B Diggings._105 fub 22 bl JOSEPH LEWIS, Halthbury.-Your brother George is at 120 Flinders-lane east, Melbourne _103 feb 10 M SOUTH AUSTRALIA.-In the Supreme Court,-. To be Sold by Tender, by the Curator of tag Eelate of the late William Vansittart, Eüquire, ceceaaed:- ' 1\. The well-known blood bay or chesnut mir«, Kitty,put to Merry Monarch, and importedfroa England by the late Mr. Vansittart. 2\. The well-known brown., blood mare, LittU Nell, got by Venison, dara by Turcoman, put ia Merry Monarch also, Imported by the late Ur, Vansittart. 3\. Also that well-known stallion, Merry He- il arcb, got by Little John, dam Miss Finn, Petit Finn, Curiosity, Buffalo, Edclla. The above are on the runot the late Mr. Vansittart; at Mayura, near MountGambicr,inthe care of Dei, Glen, Esquire; and tendera for all or el thoo! them aro invited to be addressed to the Curators!. Intestate Estates, Adelaide, South Australia. The Curator will not be bound to accept tht highest or any other tender. Tenders will bo received until Saturday, tto Sid day ot March, 1855. 2179 sat wed d & b mu Iden Ern -Edmund. Wills-write IrniSel y to your brother Thomaa, 52 Youn3 mgwood._ 100 feb lo bl j DEW-CHUHCU.-Jame. PTéëlcTîeiï) TO Poundkcepera and Othera. - Lost tam DaiBV Hill, on the 1st Inst, ^ 1 Bay Mare, branded JC on near shoulder switch tail, dark points, star on forehead, ul saddle marked. ' AIbo 1 Black Mare, branded 156 on off Bhoilderj two white spots under saddle, and branded Boa ofl* neck. Any person giving such Information to Joli« Dalman, corner of Johnston and Spring street* Collingwood, as will lead to the recovery of the suire, shall receive the Bum of £.10 if Btrayld, cr ±20 on conviction of the thief. JOHN DALMAR, l _52 feb 17 dai ana M IVE POUNDS REWARD.-Stolen or Strate« irom Forest Creek a Grey Flee-bitten Hone, Branded D under tho mane. Whoever will bring the Barneto Mr. Hoppers, NorthumberlandHoleE Forest Creek, will receive the above Reward.-« Hum Clifford._loo feb 2! bl RGUS OFFICE, Creswick's Creek.-The rtori ofllce for the grenier convenience d'¡bl Jiublic, lins been removed near to Colliers HoteL opposite the Camp, and acompetent person ilaoed in charge. lhe ARGUS arriues each Tuesday and Frilay, Advertisements received for the Argus. A good selection of Stationary, Ao" alwiyiw Rending Books, 4c, ¿to., and a General Ateto* .Bubinesa, carried on ia connection wit! tit .Ballaarat Ofllce. An Argus Express will start from Ballaarat««! Tuesday d Fridoy evening . Passengers and Parcels booked at the irai Omets, Ballaarat, and Creswick's Creek. _ _;_1176 bia FIVE POUNDS REWARD.-Lost from undef the Black Hill Ballaarat, a Dark Brawl Kure, branded on near shoulder B(r-iBcoDolñed¿ 'etar on forehead, Bcratch near enr, a'lihtlr bobble marked. The above reward will le pill or delivery ol tho mare, at Bath's Hotel, orita, Argus ollloe, Ballaarat. Amos Hillier. _2473 feb M M GelEllRIEN, who was working on the Bendlgi for about Eighteen months in company wita a Ships' Carpenter, is earnestly requested to communicate immediately with the undeilgtedi Guerrin is by birth French, of low statute, ni Bllghtly hump-backed. Any person who«n|ir» irilormution respecting bim will greatly olllgetit advertiser. Address Alfred Miller, Lill; ant «iller'8. Ballam at, January 1855. 2078 feb 19 M FIVE POUNDS RKWARD.-Stolen or Shy»« from Smyth's Creek,on Jan. 20, a RocdHmh CD TP 3 branded D near shoulder c off Bkoulderltti TS i TF conjoined ). The above Reward will be paid any party returning the said horse to lue Jobs o'Grout Hotel. Ballaarat, or the Go;emment Camp, Smyth's Creek. Ten Founds wlllbc paid] on conviction of the thief. 2248 li mail IVE POUNDS REWARD-Strayed or Stolen from the Station of the undersirned, tin following Mares: A Draught Mare, seven years olp, tay color.' blaze down the face, white hind ieet, traidedS on near shoulder. Do,, nix yenrB old, brown color, blaze, Witt points, rame brand. Do,, five yenrs old, black,itar on loieleid.fiml brand, blotched. The above Reward will bo paid on retoverr ; * JE.50 ii Btolen, on convieltonof the thief, A. and C. BIRCH, 7 Hill's StatiOD, Deaf Oreti vtick's Creek._03 marlo! SHOULD this meet the eye oi GEOEGE DAÏ per Farispore, he can hear of his brother Erna» nucí at Frycr'B Creek, Moubt Alexander, Victoria. _12J marl5b| IF this Bhonld meet the eyo of John Eoss.lateot Bhoredltch, London, supposed to be at tit Broken River, ho will hear ot his brotlierEvaa Robb. Address Post Office, Fryer's Creek. t, 131 fob 10 bi JAMES M'KIDD and FranciB Jeffrey, who lei Glasgow fifteen yearfl «go, and wen lntneen. ploymcnt of D. M'Plieraon, Eßq., in l8«, can bear of and have letters from their fricndBln Glaigow by addreBBing Messrs. Snelgrove and TbomioH| Btntfonors, Gcorgc-atrcet, Bydney. 253ifebMMj KIRCALDY.-Henry Henderson iB «arneallyea treated to communicate with h'a Fistcr-iD* law, Margaret Bnllontync. Address Mr, Falconet Btorekeeper, Barker-street, CaBtlcmaine. _*_21Hfeb»bl A" LFRED SUDLOW.-Information reapeoUng him is particularly requested bj J. B. Were( Kent, and Co._5SSfebJ9M_ MARTABAN.-Joseph Hawkins, year wife b«» arrived per Shalimar. Write inmediitw» Pott Office, Melbourne._513 feb 19 w _ BIRLEY.-(Joseph Carley) of Doicaster, will hear of his sister Mary by addnsaitRiKln* paroo House, Adelaide. She has written five let lera to him. 2728marl GEORGE ROSS, who arrved in selbourne JJ the Bhip Marlborough, May. 1853, ia requeato« towrito to Mathcw Mohr, Post Office, Frye'a Creek._MlOjibHM^ NEWBURGH, Fife. Should this meet ino ert of Stephen Williamson from the above pla« be is requested to communicate witt lii!M«uJt David, who with his aon Stephen, we aw«! Ballaarat, Address oare of Messrs TnUoçh mu W'Laren, Ballanrat. J. W. Would be fhid'oneai Oi you, Bame address. aoSTJeb^Di^ FARM and Cattle Station. 40 miles h03 Uel* bourne to be Let by Tender. ... To be Let lor a term of tbreo or fowyMta,tn« woll-known Btatlou " Laneefleld," situated bdou* half-way between Kyneton and Kumore, «Krai 40 miles from Melbourne, together with from»'' to 600 head of quiet well-bred oattle. Xhc Mme ttead section all ienced in, and otter wen»T cultivation and grass paddooks. The honMWw consista of a comfortable cottage, fit fwJÏÏ!" ceptionof afamily-aU the necessary out omcea . large kitchen garden, stabling, Ac. ...j The run ia estimated to aepanturo about w» he ad of oattle. is permanently watered in au PM" ard the country is very fattening. "mtrt1 The proprietor of the above valuable P»KH being it present in England and not it eg| to return for some time, íb the reason ofite ecu's 0lTÍied situation of the station is bo very^»«J 1er the sale of farm and dairy produce,, . un^ an Jiual return can be made ; and from its W^¡ ty to Melbourne it can command always urn ^ Barket lor the fat stock. The terms of the lease will be:- nl Rent payable half yearly., Cattle of »Lfàn. BtxcBandIgcB and equally weOl- bredtoMre'g' ( ed »t the ead ol the term. Premia« to W«^ in good repair and other usual covenantii« due fulfilment of which »«»fy.^ÄSieJi For further particulara apply to thoMaierg j to vi horn tenders are to be Bent up to tne » "'lÄ^nd SON. Stock Exchange «na W* Agg%^g:6ifl8§rn-'tg« tu wfad^ 0OUTHAMPTON.-Mr. J.mos «De^gSi Í5 George Sexton, deceased, wishes your »aa 'JhomaBAldrich, Ballan. li"""" - »riBted an PubUsued.JbfJ£»^^?ff!& Odo«, CaUbuvitteet aMti «elbows«. » * 