Shipping $rt. U PASSAGES FROM ENGLAND. PASSAGES from ENGLAND to AUSTRALIA. Celebrated " Black Ball Line" of Australian Packets. . Ships. Register Captain. Morco Polo. If>25 0. M'Donnell Indian Queen . 1041 0. Mill Conwny. 1210 Lirton El Dorado. 950 Jackton llora M'Dnnald. 7¡>0 Gudiner Thunderbolt . 2200 (new clipper) Avalimphe . 1840 ditto t'lizabeth Harrison ... I-104 ditto Lady Bulwer . 11.17 Tobin David M'lvor. 930 Bailie And other first elliss clipper ships, «ail twice a month from England fin Adelaide, Geelong, Melbourne, Sydney, Hobart Town, nnd Laun- ceston. Passengers for Hobart Town and Launceston, will be forwarded either direct from Liverpool, or via Melbourne, at ship'« expence. Parties desirous J hi ingintr their friends out to these colonies from England, Ireland, Scotland, nnd Wale», ein engage passages for them by tho above well-lcnown line of packet ships, which have made the quickest passage lo these colonies, and they may calculate upon being joined by their friends hero within seven mouths fiom the time of writing. The accommodations for passengers in thean fchips are of the most improved kind ; the pro- visions «re of the best, nnd liberally supplied, A qualified surgeon is attached to each ship and tiley are commanded by captains of expe- rience and ability, who have made the most uccessful passages to the colonies. Sums of money for outfit, &c; , from £\ up can be remitted through the undersigned. For further particulars apply to Du Cnoz, JACKSON, fe Co., Launceston ; OB TO Ksnn, BOOLE, & Co., Hobart Town. "Passages from England to Vim Diemcn's Land, under the Government Bounty Immi- gration _ Act, by the Black Ball Line of Australian Packets. rpiIB Public are hereby informed that I arrangements have been made with the Colonial Government and the owners of the above line of packets, by which holders of Bounty Tickets will be provided with free passages from London and Liverpool in the ships of the line to Hobart Town and Laun- ceston, on application to Messrs. John Jaffray and Co., Great St. Helen's, London ; orto the owners, Massrs. James Baines and Co., 6, Cook-street, Liverpool. For further advice and information apply to Du CEOZ, JACKSON, and Co., Launceston, on TO I KERR, BOOLE, and Co., New Wharf. Hobart Town, June 24. 207 Regular Trader for Geelong Direct. -AjgÄ THE first-class brig mm DART. b 150 Tons Burthen, HENRY SANSÓN, Master, Will sail for the above Port on or about Saturday next, the 7th instant. For freight or passage apply to the Master on board, or to C. LOVI-TT. Franklin Wharf, April 3._890 FOR MELBOURNE DIRECT. Landing Cargo and Passengers on the Wharf. T H E Al fast-siiling brig SEA NYMPH, GEORGE MALLKT, Commander, Is now loidine for the above port at the Franklin JVharf, and having a great portion of her cargo engaged, will meet with quick dis fiatch. For freight or passage, having excell- ent accommodation, apply on board ; or to W. 0. EASTON & Co. Melbourne and Geelong Packet office, New Wharf, April 4. 914 For Freight or Charter. **££ THAT eligible vessel the WMm REINDEER, of 104 Tons Register. This vessel is well adapted for the Colonial trade, as she carries a very large cargo with a light draught of water, For particulars apply to Mr John Milli, owner, or to C. LOVETT. Franklin Wharf, April 4. 925 FARMS TO LET. FROM twenty to fifty acres each, situated on the Brown's River Road, about eight miles from town. Apply to J. REGAN. Liverpool-street, March 12._708 WANTED, A RESPECTABLE active WOMAN, who perfectly understands her business as Plain Cook and Laundress. Apply to " M.," at the " Colonial Times' office. March 20._ 769 ? ' TO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, THAT Beautiful Family RESIDENCE, situate four miles from Hobart Town, known as Windsor Park. The houce con tains ten rooms, with six-stalled stable, two coach-houses, cow-sheds and piggery, with every requisite required for a gentleman's establishment The garden contains about two acres of land, stocked with choice fruit tree«, the paddock all enclosed with substantial fence, in all about fourteen acres. The proprietor's reason for disposing of this property is that he ia about visiting England. Apply to Mr. E. Butler, on the premises, Windsor Park ; or to '' WOKLET AMD FRODSBAM. March 27 8*2 ' . \ . i \ . . Sales by Auction Constitution Dock. WORLEY & FRODSHAM, Will Sell by Public Auction, On Saturday, April 7th, at ten for half- past, Without reserve. LARGE LOADING BOAT, two ton use- ful dingy Five thousand feet assorted cut timber. Terms-Cash. 924 Household Furniture and Sundries of a person deceased. WORLEY AND FRODSHAM Will sell by auction, On Saturday, 7th April, at half-past 10 for 11 o'clock, On the Premises, Burnet-street, opposite the Rose and Crown, New Town Road, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and SUNDRIES. Terms as usual. 913 Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Pij»a, Wheat, On!«, Potatoes, Turnips, Drays, Carts,and Farm- ing Implements, MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK Successors to' MR. T. Y LOWES, Are favored with instructions from IT. B. Tonkin, Epq , assignee of the estate of John Hartwell, To sell by public auction, On Saturday, 7th April, at 11 o'clock, without reservo, On the premises, at Spring "Vale, Great Swan- port, Hp HE following STOCK and FARMING i , IMPLEMENTS: One splendid entire cart horse, of the Clydesdale breed One ditto thorough-bred horse Six other cart and carnage ditto Six head of cattle Twenty fat sheep Thirty-five pigs One hundred tons of hay in stack Forty acres of «heit Ten ditto of nats Ten ditto of turnips One ditto of potat< ei Cnrt8, dni)s, roller Harness and sundiies. Terms as u-uil. 7 Valuable Estate of 870 Acres at the Tea Tree, well-lmown as Fan fields, situate midway between Richmond and Bnghton. BY MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK, Successors to MR. T. Y. LOW li«, Have been instructed hy Mr. Till, who is giv- ing up farming pursuits, to offer for sale by public auction, On Tuesday, the 24th April, at two o'clock, Al their Mart, A LL that Capital ESTATE known as ¿X FAIRFIELDS, containing f>70 acres or thereabouts, situated at the TEATREE,in the County of Monmouth, about midway between Brighton and Richmond, together with a most substantial STONU DWELLINO-HOUSB, .ii excellent repair, barns, stibling, cow she Is, huts, and every desciiption of out-buildings necessary on a respectable Fanning Establish- ment. There is a laree garden stocked with choice fruit trees in full bearing, and 170 acres of the land have been cleared, stumped and fenced, and »re now in the highest state of cultivation j 70 acres of which hate been most liberally dressed with marl, (of which there i an abundance on the property,) at the rate of 160 loads to the acre, and the crups grown by the present proprietor have been unequalled in the district. The above Estate is too well-known to re- quire further comment in an advertisement. Possession will be given on the 24 th May. Terms-Twenty per cent, deposit at the time of sate ; the remainder by bills at three, six, and nine months, bearing bank interest, secured on the property, or a great portion of the purchase-money may remain on mort- gage. Further particulars may be obtained on ap- plication to S. W. Westbrook, solioitor ; or to the Auctioneers, at their Mart, where a pinn of the Kstnte mnv be seen._ 922 Eligible Family Residence and Land at Brighton. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK, Successors to MR. T. Y. LOWES, Are instructed by G. B. Forster, Esq., to offer for sale by public auction, On TUESDAY, 24ih April, 1855, at twelve o'clock, unless previously disposed of by private contract, of which due notice «ill lo gfren, At their Mart in Collins.street, THE CAPITAL STONE - BUILT DWELLING . HOUSE, situate on Brighton Hill, commanding a most extensive and delightful view of the surrounding coun- try, together with a four stall stable, co.ich house, servants' cottage, and all necessary out offices ; also an excellent carden, and about nine acres of good laud divided into conveni- ent paddocks The dwelling-house, built with cut stone, has been erected with great taste, regardles-. of cost ; it is in fust-rate condition, and is »eil adapted for a respectable boarding school. Terms and further purtirulais m iy be ob- tained on application to G B. Foibter, Esq , on the premises ; to W. G. Harris, Esq., Stone Buildings ; or the Auctioneers, at then Mart, in Collins-street. Hobart Tonn. 8S0 GLOiiES ON SALE, at the CITY MART, a pair of James Wyld's Educational 3C-inch GLOBES in French polished mahogany stands, with quadrant and compasses. Apply to the undersigned. 920 WM. GORE ELLISTON. Saleo íj¿) auction. IMPORTANT NOTICE. Sale of the Restdown Ferry House, Stores, &c.; MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK Successors to MR. T. Y. LOWES, Are requested by the Proprietor, T. G. Gregá son, Esq., lo announce the intended dispo- sal of ¿lie above property, by Public ¿mo- tion on Tuesday, the 24th April, at the Exchange Mart, Collins- street, at 12 o'clock, '/"HIS Properly comprises not only the I LICENSED INN, with ils stabling and other conveniences attnehed, and a largo garden, but extensive granaries 'or the storage of every description of property on its transit to and from Hobart Town. Although its locality is so well known on this side the island, it may be proper to inform persons living at a distance, and who have not travelled in that direction, that the RESTDOWN FIÎRRY INN Ts situated on the loft bank on Richmond side of the Uiver Derwent, which ¡treat channel of communication runs only a few yards from its front. It is about two miles from the foot of Grass Tree Hill, and ten from Richmond Biidge, on the high road to Sorell, and the celebrated grain-growing district of Pitt- water. It is also on the way to the Coal River, and through Jerusalem and Colebrook Dale to Oatlands and Launceston. The ad- vantage of such a locality, and of an excellent land and water-carriage, of about four miles to and from the capital, need not be farther commented on. The Inn, with four building allotments adjacent, will be sold together or separately as may be determined on the day of sale They are all bounded in front by the espían, »de immediately above highwater mark, and there are 300 acres of Goverment Land ad- joining the back line, which can be rented in the usual manner. It may be well to add, that the New Nor- folk steamer stops at the Ferry Inn in its way up nnd down the river ; and that the lan dord !s not likely to have any competition with his licensed buisness for sevtial years. The Rich . mond public conveyance also stop there. Agents acting for parli-s in Victroia, who have capital to invest, will no doubt readily perceive the improbability of such another chance occurring Terms-Twenty per cent deposit, and bal" ance at three and six months, secured on the property. 1< urther particulars may be obtained of the Auctioneers, at their Mart, where a plan of the property can be seen. 883 EXTENSIVE AND UNRESEjRVED SALE OF MERCHANDIZE. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK, (Successors to Mr. T. Y. LOWES,) Are favoured with instructions to Sell by PuMic Auction, positively withuut the slightest reserve, On MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 16th and 17th April, commencing each d ly at 11 o'clock? to close various shipments from London, ONE HUNDRED and NINE Oases and bales MERCHANDIZE as under, No. '¿bl-One case superior Bnlzarine robes 255 to 64-Ten cases dresses of a general assortment 12, 14, 15, to 17-Four cases printed barege, satin check, cambrics, flounced muslin, Walmer check and stripo robes, printed barege, and tissue shawls, &c.; 2, 3, 4-Three cases assorted coloured lenocs and mulls, coronation robes, three. quarter galas, wool plaids, and union tweeds 5, 9, to 11-Six cases pale hook muslins, Scotch tarlatons, nainsooks, cambric handkerchiefs, j tconets, lawns, harness curtains, and wool tweeds 1 to 2-Two cases plush coloured and Mack cloth mantles 1-One case velvet vests, assorted 21-One case children's dresses, comprising plaid cloth, French merino, and Coburg l8 to 19-Two cases rich printed cashmere robes 1 to 2-Two cases straw, tuscan fanoy embroidered, &c.; bonnets 266 to 2S2-Fifteen cases robes, comprising coburgs, cruvclles, delaines, twill and cashmere 1 to 8-Eight cases habits, merino shirts, hosiery, worsted frocks, lambswool pants, fancy cravats and mantillas 216-One case shawls, assorted One ditto tartans One ditto doeskin and cassimere I-One ditto containing thirty-six rich cash- mere di esi-es I to 8-Eight cases Paris hats I to 10--Ten tii'rces loaf sugar 1 One case silver watches, &c.; &c.; '-9 Three cases roll jacconets, merino, and white shirts 3-One ditto men's braces 4-6 Three bales 8-4 grey calico 1-2 Two ditto 8-4 blankets ' 7-8 Two ditto brown holland 4 One trunk vests 6 One bale Welch flannel 9-10 Two ditto American pea jackets and blue pilot coats 2-3 Two ditto boys' trowscrs 11-12 Two trunks tweed vests and black doeskin trowsers l8-20 Three cases doeskin shooting conts and trowsers, tweed coats and woollen cord trowsers 21-24 Three cases boy's and youths'twill cord trowsers and fancy regatta shirts 27_28 Two ditto ci cam-coloured twill cord trowsers and tweed shooting coats 31-34 i bree ditto black cloth, coffee brown, and drab mole trowscrs 37 One ditto gingham umbrellas 39 One ditto crown moleskin trowsers Catalogues will bo issued four days prior to the sale. Terms-Under £50, cash ; above that sum to' £150, three month's credit; and above ânlcsf hi) ^urttott. ¿£150, three and four months' credit on ap- proved acceptances, endorsed if required. I he Auctioneers request particular atten- tion to the nbove extensive sale, the goods being in the original packages, and of the best qunlity, and as, they must positively be knocked down to the highest bidder, country purchasers are invited to attend, to whom will be given every accommodation by way of packing, &c.; 9 6 Valuable Dwelling House and Allotment« of Land in Francis-street, Bn'tery Point, Hampden Hoad, Elphinstone stießt, and Adelaide-street. MESSRS BRENT & WESTBROOK, Successors lo MR. T. Y. LOWES, Have been instructed by Mr. George Pollock, who is leaving the colony, on his return to England, To offer for Sale by Public Auction, On Tue-day, the 17th April, commenting in Francis-street, at twelve o'clock precisely, should the weather permit, On the several Prem¡sus, rpIIE FOLLOWING VALUABLE I PROPERTIES' Lots 1,2, & 3. Three capital cttages in Francis-slreet, Bat- tery Point, numbered 1, 2, and 3, md let to rcspictable tenants at 24s. per week each. 'I hese cottages are most substau. tia ly built of brick and stmie, the main wall* being of 14 inch brkk-worlt on ti stone foundation of l8 inches, and are in first-rate condition ; there aie four good rooms with fire- places, and an under- ground cellar to each, nnd in the yards and gardens at the back arc kitchens and other convenient offices. The water is laid on. Lets 4 nnd 5. Two excellent houses in Hampden Rond, substantially built of blick and stone, and let to respectable tenants at 24s per week each. There is n large yard in the renv of each House with Kitchens and out-oifices, nnd the water is laid on. Lots 0 and 7. Two sul stantinl b ick'l uilt houses in Elphin- stone street, bringing in a yearly rental of £52. The water is laid on, and all con- venient offices are erected ¡u the yard and garden ut the back. Lot 8. A very compact and capital new built cottapc in Adelaide-street, called Adelaide Cot- tage, containing four excellent rooina, a good kitchen fitted np with ranges and boilers, with servant's room ova-, wash- house, coa'.-sbed, pigcery, gi¿-house, stable, anil large yard. This lot is in first rate condition, and forms altogether it decidedly comfortable home, commanding a chinning view of the town and harbour, and needs only to be seen to be admired. The water is laid on. Lot 9. An allotment of land adjoining Lot 8, having a frontage of 42 feet on Adelaide-street with a depth of 100 feet. Lot 10. An allotment of land having a frontage of 30 feet on Adelaide-street with a depth of 146 feet 6 inches. Title-Grant. Terms-Twenty-five per cent, cash deposit at tim time of sale ; the remaindet by bills at three nnd six months, bearing Bank interest, and secured on the property. Further participais may he obtained on ap- plication to W. Harris, Esq., Solicitor ; or to the Auctioneers, nt their Mart, in Collins street_840 The Estate of Hurtful.], on the River Ouse, near Bothwell, comprising 1200 Acres of Land. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBBOOK, Successors to M R. T. Y, 1, O WE S, Have received instructions to submit fur sale by publio auction, On TUESDAY, the 24 th dny of April, at one o'clock, THAT VALUABLE ESTATE known by the name of HARTFIELD, at pre- sent occupied by Mr. Willinm Nicholls. TI)« description of the land ns comprised in the grant from the crown is as follows : .. All those twelvo hundred acres of land " situate and being in the palish of Abcr " gatenny, in tbo county of Cumberland, " nnd bounded on the south west by lln> " River Ouse, on the south hy a Grant to " Charles Artnur, being an easterly line of '. ono bundrod and ninety-sevon chains, on " the north-east by a line of eighty-seven " chains and fifty links, nnd on the nortli '. west by a line to tho River Ouso."^ The land is fenced, and a part of it in cultivation) with a homestead and other im- provements, which of course intending pur- chasers will examine for themselves at tbe same time that they view the estntc. The Title is deduced from the Grant, and the Estnte was vested in the lut» John Robert- son, Esquire, and the property is exposed for sale by the devisees in trust under his will. Possession of the Estate will be given within f. urtcen days after the sale, if the purchase is then completed. Terms-One third casli deposit at the time of sile, and tho remainder to be payable in twelve and eighteen months after the sale, and hearing interest at 8 per cent., nnd to be se- cured by way of mortgage over the proper y ; or the whole purch ise-moncy may bo paid in cash, at the option of the purchaser. 841 Swansea, Town Allotments. WORLEY AND FRODSHAM Will Sell by Auction, On THURSDAY, Hie 19th April, at eleven o'clock, At the Swansea Inn, AN ALLOTMENT comprising 4a. Ir. 3\ip. in tim Township, bounded by No.jes. Julii, and Victoria-streets. And an allotment 6J. Ir. 2p. also in the Township, bounded on one side by Victoiia street. Title-Grant. Terms-Cash or half cash ; remainder three months at Bank interest, 810 ärtlcs ha Uuctian. Stock Sale at Sorell. WORLEY ANTTFRODSIIAM Will Sell by Public Auciion, On Tuesday, the 10th April, at 12 o'clock, At the Blue Bells, Soi eil, ?THHE FOLLOWING PRIME STOCK JBL One thousand five hundred sheep Tun useful horses Twenty bend of fat cattle Two hundred fat wethers Two bundi ed fat ewe.s Four hundred store ditto, 4 and 6-tooth One hundred fat lambs Twenty store pigs Twenty fat ditto Ten pairs working bullocks . Twenty very useful saddle and draught horses. Terms as usual. 789 SORELL. Stack of Oaten Hay. WORLEY AND~ FRODSIIAM Will tell I y Auction, On TUESDAY, Apiil lüth, at 12 o'clock, At Sorell, * Small STACK of OATEN HAY. ¿a Terms at Sala 900 Farm at Pittwater, 63 acres. WORLEY AND FRODSIIAM Ate instiucted to sell by public auction, at the »lue Bell*, Sorell, On TUESDAY, the 10th April, at twelve o'clock, AC A P I T A L PnOPERT Y, known as Gr.incel'b Fniin, comprising sixty-three AGIOS of excellent Land, the whole in cultivation ; together with a variety of use- ful liuildiiigs thereon. Title Grant. Terms-Cash, or twenty-five per cent, deposit; remainder at seven percent, for one or three» years._822 Desircble Farm Near Town, "SUNNINGSIDli," Farm House, Stabling, Out Buildings, and CO Acres Land, within l8 miles of Ho- bart T0wn, and on tke Road to New BY WORLEY & FRODSHAM At the Ship Inn, On WEDNESDAY, the 18th APRIL, at 12 o'clock, Without reserve, limited to the amount of Mortgage, rVHE FARM comprises SIXTY ACHES, A. divided into 14 paddocks, thoroughly fenced, and producing every description of Agricultural and Garden Produce. The Homestead, near the roadside, is con- venient and cupacions, suitable fur the ac- commodation of a family, ard is surrounded by a productive Kitchen Garden well stocked with fru't trees of every kind. The buildings, fences, and all that is cal- culable under the head of outlay could not be ofFected for less than £2000, in addition to the intrinsic vnlue of Sixty Acres of cleared and cultivated Land. Title-Grant. Terms-£1000 may remain on mortgage: remainder cash, upon completion of the con- veyance ; or the whole may be paid in cash. Possession immédiate, the proprietor and his family prepur ng to leave the colony lor Melbourne. 815 SATURDAY, 7xu APRIL, AT MR. RUSSELL'S STORES, OLD MARKET. WORLEY AND FRODSIIAM, Will .veil by Auction, On Saturday, the 7th April, at half-past 10 for 11 o'clock, time exact, at the Stores of Mr Russell, Old Market, . ¡I? I F T Y FIRKINS BUTTER a? Fifty-quarter chests tea Twenty bags crushed sugar Six cas s marmalade, thice doxen each Eight boxes glass > . Half ton dried fish ' 'J bree bags ihcolate nibs Four tarpaulins, l8 by 24 Three musical b 'xes*(cne sacred, playing ii.ht tunes repeated) Six flutinas Three double-barrelled guns Two pair pistols One saddle and bridle One plough One turnip cutter (double acting) One ship's galley, dishes, and ir-n plate Fifty dozen ale Five cwt. shot One case of capers 1 wo tons jam, in packages about 70 lbs. Splendid tool chest Six hhdä. Truman's porter Four cases cognac brandy First-rate weighing machine. AKD 4 Numerous lots of clothing, farming tools, and sundries. 898 Central Resid nee, 62, Macquarie-street, the third house from Mo lie-street, In consequence of the Proprietor, being or- dered to the Cape, WORLEY AND FRODSHAM Are instructed to sell without reserve, On MONDAY, the Ifith April, 1855, at two o'clock, On the Premises, THAT desirable VERANDAH COT- TAGE, 62, Macquarie-street, contain- ing eight apartment«, gavden front and back, and most conveniently and respectably situated. Present rental, £60. Title-Grnut. Terms-«Twenty-five per cent, cash deposit ; remainder upon completion of the deed, which must be within a fortnight. 899 ANTED_A respectable young PEB , . SON as general servant. She must produce inferences. Apply at Sandy Bay foil Bar. .< ' < [ Match 26. - . ., ? 829, Snlfjï h» Zurito». New Norfolk Stock and General Sale, the last i uecd iy in t te Month. WORLEY AND FBODSHAM DESIRE to nut junte that they will holt) a SIOCK SALL at New Norfolk, On TUESDAY, the ¿1th April, 1855, Which they \ ui pose to coi tinuo every alter» nnte month Porti»a interesad ire requested to commu meale with ti e Auctioneers 62* Stock Sale at Swansea WORLEY fcFRODSHAM Will hold a Stock S ile at the Swansea Inn, Swansea, on Thursday, the 19th Apnl,at 10 foi hilf ps>t, AND all puties desnous of sttppoiting the sale with supplies, are lcquested to communicate with the Auctioneers, ot Mi, WcUnid, at the Swansea Inn Teims as it all counliy sales 095 10R P1UVA1E SALE WORLEY AND ERODSriAM ARE dtsu ous of c. illili.! attention to an ext.emcly LL1G1BI L PROPERTY, Risdtn R a I, compriiiug a convenient Dwell nig Mouse, 7 tooms and the usuil variety of jut buildings, and two teres o) splenlt 1 gar* dtn ground, stocked with every description of choice fruit tiets and exceedingly profit» able fhe situ itton is most unexceptionable, and to tiny respectable f andy seel tng for a suitable iomicile, bleu ling the genteel with the econo micil, the spot indicate 1 nbo\e may well challenge comparison with nn\ pioperty e\ci offare 1 to the lunlie w linn ten miles uf Hö- hnt lown Title-Grint Itrms as may beagietd, with possession immediately (upon concluding tin» necessnry miaulements), tho pi opnetor, who is now the occupant, anvious, on necoutit of private family matters, to visit Lngland without di lay Also A co-ipact Tamily House m Macquarie« street, with extensile frontage A seven room Bl ick House in Melbourne sli eet And vanous othei Properties in rarms, H« uses, Allotments, &c; M II ch 30_8S8 Engravings At the City Mair, on Monday, the 9th at 12, BY MR. LLLISION, N Invoice of Selected ENGRAVISTGS, L colouicd and plain, including Cronstadt, by Dolby Sevastopol, by O Hedley Bombai dment of Odessa, ditto Sweabor¿, by Loluy Russian vt ¡u, ditto Painde of the Guaids, by Thomas Attack on Ukus, by Dolby Attack on Boninrsund, ditto Baltic Sketches, ditto Panic at Dinna, ditto Reception of Napiei Danish Costume, ditto &c; Le &.c _lerm°-Cash_9U One Hundred and Thirty-nine Bags Coffee WILLIAM IVDY AND CO Are mstiucted to Sell by Public Auction» at the Wharf, alongside the Brig " Mer- maid ' On arrival from Adelaide ONE HUNDRED AN D 1 ORTY SIX B \GS very fine ( OF17EE, in lots to suit the trade _ Terms at sale_887 TO BE LET BY TENDER. THE 1 OLLOWING well known PRO» PER1IES, now in the occupation oí Mrs Lacltcy - 1 he ES i ATE of LEMON T at the Eastern. Marshes, comprising Û952 acres of fine marsh li nd, about twenty miles fiom the township of Oatlands The Homestead consists of a comfortable awelhng-house, good stables, and a shearing 1 ouse The MILL l'ARM, BAGPAD, consisting of 708 acres of the cream of the valley of Bagdad. Upon this pi opcrty there is a large and con» ventent stone 1 ouse with good garden, stone stables, barn, and water mill, with thrashing machine afiixed. Upwards of 300 acres have been under cut» tivntion, but the tenant wtll be required to enter into a covenant not to cultivate more tb n 200 acres yeaily leudéis directe 1 to Mis Lackey, for the rental of the above properties for seven years, fi oin the 1st May, 1855, are requested to be forwarded to Messis JSuttand Butler, Sollet» toi«« Harrington street, Hobart lown, where anyfurlher infotmntion may be obtained^ Tendéis will be rece ved up to the 2nd of April, upon which day they will be opened Mrs Lackey does not bind herself to accept the highest, or any tender Hobart Town, March 6_663 MEDICAL DR HALL takes leave to inform his friends and the public, that having re. tired (on pension) from the Government Medi- cal Stuff, in consequence of rcducttor s ordered by the authont es in England, he is now able to de\ote the whole of his time to the private practice of his piofess on. Di II nuy be consulted at his residence, C1 tremont House, New I own Road, corner of Warwick strct, every morning from eight to ten o clock His fees will be the same as those of the other principal practitioners of the city. lo those paoi persons who have hitherto had his public assistance gratuitously, anti others, Dr H will give his advice every day from eight to nine in the morning, March 22_' Bil TO BUILDERS, TENDERS will be rece ved until twelve o'clock am on Monday» the 9th of April, for the ERFOTION of the Catholic Temperance Hall, Hobart Town t Plans and specifications ean be seen« and further particulars obtained, upon application to the Very Rev. Win. Hall, Vicar-General, Hobart Town March 20. ; Í 637^ ?i &¿t < ' 