dealing tip attention SATURDAY, 7th APRIL Town, Cottage, 5*«#p, TV, FAe af, Oats, Potatoes, Turnips, Drays, Carts, and Farming Implements. luna BRENTON WESTBROOK 0 (Saceenson to) MR. T. Y LOWES, Are favoured with instructions' irons H B Tonkin, Esq., assignee of the estate of John Hartwell, ' '. To Sell by Public Auction, On the premises at Spring Vale, Great Swanport, on SATURDAY, 7th April, at Eleven o'clock, without reserve,.. TO BE Following STOCK and FARMING 1 IMPLEMENTS, One splendid entire cart horse of the Early- Clydesdale breed One ditto thorough-bred Horse as a '" feel rather dull and carriage ditto Six JÍMíad or cattle Twenty-two sheep TRim five pigs One hundred tons of hay in stack Forty acres of wheat Ten ditto of oats nEen ditto of turnips \- -One ditto of potatoes Cars driven IT'S a , harness and sundries. Terms as usual. 1372 Har SATURDAY 7th APRIL. Additional stock for Sale. By Messrs BRENT WESTBROOK (Successors to) Mr. T. Y. LOWES, On SATURDAY, the 7th April, At Snriitir Yule, Great Swanport, ONE HUNDRED FAT WE THERS. One ditto ewes One splendid cart mare One ditto ditto colt One chesnut filly, by Little John, 5 years old One pure D ron bull, bred by the V D L. Company 153) SATURDAY, 2nd APRIL <. "w i " is . Constitution Dock. on SATURDAY, April 7th, At Ten (or half-past, WORLEY, AND FRODSHAM avail Sell by Public Auction, Without reserve, LARGE ? LOADING BOAT. Two-Ton usefolDtngy " ; - SOW feat sons Cut Timber. 1 Terms CasY """ 1551 _j_^ MONDAY, 9th APRIL. TO GROCERS AND OTHER?. Extensive Sale of Sgap, Bacon, Herrings, Salt, fr. By Messrs BRENT & WESTBROOK (Successors to) R. T. Y. LOWES, On MONDAY, be 9th April, at 11 o'clock, to close"coniigmnenU, At their Mart, Collins-street, BP WEN BOX IN RED within diamond, L MOTTLED SOAP Ditto B Forty ditto blue ditto Ditto W Twenty ditto white ditto Ditto C Twenty ditto citron ditto Ditto C Sixty ditto yellow ditto Ditto B Twenty-five ditto ditto Two kinds prime bacon WM St Co. within diamond One hundred and fifteen boxes white and citron soap , B U P Twenty-eight cases red herrings (Batty't) E K Thirty firkins white ditto Ten half-barrels ditto Filly boxes ling: fish One hundred bags fine salt B within diamond Forty-seven hhds Barclay Be to a porter N at 18 ditto K B*nndernealb Forty-eight ditto Elliott ditto I O T Fifty ditto Truman's ditto, all in fine condition and P underneath Twenty five cases bottled porter, chosen P twenty-five ditto Bass ale, 4 ditto Filly cases bottled porter's ditto, 8 within diamond Nine cases matches, (15 round boxes) , for Barros as usual 1693 TUESDAY, 24th APRIL. Eligible Family Residence and Land at 3 ' ( Brighton: Means. BRENT AND WESTBROOK, (Snceesfori.to) MR. T. Y. LOWES Are instructed by G. B Forster, Esq., to vote; for sale by public auction, at their Mart, in OolUoVatreet, on TUESDAY, 24th April, 1855, at twelve o'clock, unless previously disposed of by private contract, of which due notice will be given, THE Capitol 8ione4juilt Dwelling-House situate v Brighton Hill, commanding a, most extenttee'and delightful view of the surrounding country, together with a four-stall stable, coaeMiöuseJ,mnin%\ pieces, and all necessary ottl^Bées)"¡¡¡ko an excellent garden. and about vine, acres of, good land divided into COMenienlpadjlMCks^^i^ ¡ " easy " i 2.. The dwellinir-liaua«^ built with cut alone, has been erected with great taste,, regardless or four ills in fite5^yMlT,(Mrk;WelUdapted foraisapeuto^b^r^Hg^ool,^ j . St r. p Terms and,fu;ihf r particulars may be obtained on solicitor "to. 6d B.^,Eotatert Em^oiiiIi* premises to W. Ojiareis, Esq Stone Buildings ; or the AoeUonten, at their Mart. inCoHInt street, HoeartTown.~'^ film was A A les aged ?aaBasasssiS^ä^^s. t. SVPÊRIOR~DOQ CART. BY MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK, r s W , (Successors)",; "'.'?'?-1 ...???..?..* -. J MR;:T.',y.;LöWESv:v....: On MONDAY, the 9th April. at 11 o'clock, AttbeirMart, A VERY SUPERIOR DOG CART, -'A.'..-" in first-rate repair. .?'"" " also '?? unless ; '-.' Set single harness! the property of a pen lleman having no further use for. Can be seen at Mr. Fowler's Coach Manufactory, Collins-street. 1563 TUESDAY, Tutu APRIL. Superior Household Furniture. Merino. MrE0^^ ''??-"? - (Successors ;<>) MR. T. Y LOWES, Are favoured wiibinsti^etwus^om-Lieutenant Akers" B.E., To Sell by Public Auction, At his residence, Risdon-road, on TUESDAY, 16th April, commencing at twelve o'clock, ALL, His Superior H <) U S EH OLD FURNITURE and Effects. comprising Cottage Pianoforte, drawing and dining-room chairs, loo table, what-not couch Steel Tenders and irons, dinner service dining-table, silver and plated articles Iron bedsteads, pine wardrobe, carpets washstands, hair mattress, stretcher Utensils, and the usual variety of: sundries .. always found in so respectable an establishment. .,.-... Catalogues will be issued. Terms Under 50 cash above that sum; three months credit on approved acceptances. ?.?' ????"'"';/.' i5 MONDAY & TÜESÜAY.'lHili fc".'l'7'tù APRIL., Extensive and Unreserved Sale of MERCHANDIZE. Messrs. BRENT 4 WESTBROOK (Successors to) ' MR. T. Y. LOWES; Are favoured with instructions to Sell by Public Auction, positively without the slightest reserve, On MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 15th and 17th April, commencing on cb day, at eleven o'clock, to close various : shipments from London, ..:\i: .?:'?' ? A ONE HUNDRED ian NINE Cases and Bales MERCHANDIZE as under, No.;:- . ? - 252-One case superior BaUnrine robes 255 to 6.4 Ten cases dresses of a general ass riment -;''' ?''-.? .; 12, 14,; 15 to 17 Four cases printed here, Kauri' : ; check, cambrics, flounced muslin, Walmer check and stripe robe , printed barege, and issue shawls, c 2, 3,4 Three cases assorted 'coloured stones and mills', coronation robes, three quarter gales, wool plaids, and union tweeds. .... ..;?.. 55s to 11 Six cases pale book muslins, Scotch Tarlatans, nainsook, cambric handkerchiefs, jaconets, lawns, harness curtains, and wool tweeds 1 to 2-Two uses plush coloured and black cloth mantles ?..'. I-One case velvet vests assorted 21-One case children's dresses comprising plush cloth, French. merino, and Costing 18 to 10 Two cases rich printed cashmere "; relies I to 2-Two cases straw, tuscan, fancy embroil . dered c bonnets. 265 to 2f>2-Fifteen cases robes, comprising coburg, travellers, delaines, twill and cashmere 1 to 8- Eight cases habits merino shirts, hosiery; worsted frocks, lambswool pants, fancy cravats and mantillas 215 One case shawls, assorted i Oil'- ditto tartan " One ditto doeskin and cassimere One ditto containing the tyser such cashmere \- ; .. dresses 1 to Eight cases Paris huts , ! to Green tierces loaf sugar in -fruit case silver, watches, &c.; &c.; 7th Three cases roll jaconets, merino, and white shirts 3 One ditto men's Unites - 46 Three bales 8-4 g rev calico I- 2 Two ditto 9-4 blankets 7-8 Two ditto brown Holland a's v. ??," 40ne trunk vests"?" 60ft bale Welch flannel '',.': -IO Two ditto American pea jackets and blue 'if "she's, pilot coats r 2-3 Two ditto boys trowsers .-. . r 11-12 Two trucks tweed vests and black doeskin Zelaya.!".'.-. trowsers.-.?.?;:??,.'..:.?. -?'?.?¡¡.?v.: ? ?? ; ?..; 15-20 Three cases doeskin shooting foals and trowsers, tweed coats and woollen ' cord trowsers a;..'. 21-24 Three cases boys' and youths' twill'Cord : trowsers and fancy regatta shirts 87: 28 Two. ditto cream-coloured twill cord ?'-? ' (' '?:';? trowsers and tweed shooting coats St-^34 Three ditto;h|»çk dolls coffee Drownlands I drab mole trowsers : - - 37 One ditto gingham itinhrella* - : 30 One ditto brown moleskin trowsers. Catalogues will be issued ' four- days prior to the sale.; ; .."';..?'.' say:-':- ?'?'<-:'.:;'.. ?.' Terms Under 50. cash i shows that up to, £150, three months' credit and above show three and four months credit an approved acceptances, endorsed if result ed. ,:;. ,-,?*'"??.,-.', .';./.... ."",:> The. Auctioneers request particular átteDil<>nt<t theab'iveextensife sale,iliçtfoods. being in the oriKinNlpackages'N(idial°(lie ben quality, and as they must positively a he looked down to the highest bidder at country purchasers are invited in attend to whom will be given every accommodation by way of packing-case. "."!';? :! - -' 1474 1 "'.'"'? ' ' ^..?'-',''it,rt"--"T-r'""-'"''-','"f ?*.???"..?^".? ?-'?.' iTMfiíWiW A LT EB/blcklNiiiOM Will The will preÇ«rei-:-to;-'&Tie;^'Wli,ri1âIl,S^b^W above. admirable and, *í«triiorr]inBry;(pr cent on land other. ^EDJESDAlCí^o^OlE^ií^an^ between; the hóíirs.of,Nine'aud.;(vvur,^l lassitude j|nv.M«rr»j>«ttiV£í-(Í!rje'fe^|í|rií^ Spite miéns may be seen..t&IessraiVHuxtiibl;é and seats was Mr. Hood'sïLiverpcwl'.iireeti a: ) THURSDAY, 19th APRIL. Valuable Cottage Residence and Garden 31, Macquarie-street. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK, (Successors to MR. T. Y. LOWES, Are instructed by the Proprietor to Sell by Public Auction, on the Premises, On THURSDAY, 19th April, iaVS, At 12 o'clock precisely, THE Capital Blick Stuccoed Coil age, Garden and Premises, known as No 31 Macquarie street, having a frontage of one hundred and he links extending to Walker's Mill Race, between Mr Watkin's Establishment and Dr Millican's Residence. life Premises comprise a Cottage of six rooms, with attached kitchen and suitable action. The Four-stall Stable and Coach-house is substantially built of brick, finished mill stone quo us and were lined up with lost and groom's mum over, and the whole has been recently most thoroughly repaired. This property hem situate in the head part of the town, presents an excellent investment Terms - I Twenty per cent, cash deposit : the remainder by bills at three and six months hearing Bank interest and secured on the property. 1519 TUESDAY 24th APRIL. The Estate of HARTFIELD, on the River Ouse, near Bothwell, comprising 1200 Acres of Land. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK (Successors to) Mr. T. Y. LOWES, Have received instructions to submit for Sale by Public Auction on TUESDAY, the 24th day of April, at 1 o'clock, rpHATVAI.U/iBLh ESTATE known by the J nnmeof MARI'FIhLI), at present occupied by Mr. William Nicholls. The description of the land all comprised in the Grant from the Crown is as follows: - " AH those twelve hundred acres of land situate and " being in the parish of Abergavenny, in the " county of Cumberland, and bounded on the " south west by the River Ouse, on the south by " a Grant to Charles Arthur, being an easterly "line of one hundred and ninety-seven chains, " on the north east by a line of eighty-seven " chains and fifty links, and on the north west by a line to the River Ouse." The land is fenced, and a part "fit in cultivation, with a homestead and other improvements, which of course intending purchasers will examine for themselves at the same time that they view the estate The title is deduced from the Grant, and the estate was vested in the late John Robertson, Esquire, and the properly is exposed for sale by the Devisees in Trust under his will Possession of the estate will be given within fourteen days after the sale, if the purchase is then completed. Terms-One^rhird cash deposit at theme of sale, and the remainder to be payable in 12 and 18 months after the sale, and bearing interest at H per cent., and to be secured by way of a sort gage over the properly ; or the whole purchase money may be paid in cash, at the option of the purchaser - 1423 WEDNESDAY, 25th APRIL. Stock Sale at Cross Marsh. By Messrs. BRENT & WESTBROOK (Successors to) Mr. T. Y. LOWES, On WEDNESDAY, the 25th April, at 12 o'clock precisely, At (the Royal Oak Yards, ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED PRIME FAT WETHERS Four hundred ditto ditto ewes Eight but dred 'store wethers One Hams and two hundred ditto ewes Five hundred lambs Twenty-five head of fat cattle Thutyveiy fine: steers, fit of the knife or a yoke. Terms Above £50 three months' credit on approved bills. 1536 TUESDAY, 24th APRIL. Valuable Estate of 870 Acres at the Tea Tree, well-known as Fairfields,] situate midway between Richmond and Brighton. MESSRS. BRENT & WESTBROOK * (Successors to MR. T. Y. LOWES, Have been instructed by Mr. 'I ill, who is giving up farming pursuits, to offer for sale by Public Auction, On TUESDAY, the 24 h April, at 2 o'clock, At their Mart, ALL TH AT CAPE TAL ESTATE known JJ. as FAIRFIELDS, containing 370 acres or there manure. Mtuaiel at the TEA TREE, in the County of Monmouth about midway between Brighton and Iticlimuiui, together with a most aUhstattiutl S i ONE DWELLING-HOUSE in excellent repair, harris, stables, cow shed , hu a. and every description of further lines necessary in a respectable Farming Estan bushmen. There is large garden stocked with choice fruit trees in full bearing, and 170 acres of the land have been cleared, stumped. and (fenced and are now in the highest since «f'-culuvaiiou,*!) aura of which have been most liberally dressed with an >rl,(ol which there is an abundance on the property.) at the rate of 100 loads to the acre, and the crops grown by, the present proprietor have been unequalled pasture district. The above Estate is too well-known to require further comment in an jidveuisiment. J. Possession will be<giv«n'on the 24th May. Teims-Taenty percent deposit at the time of sale ; the remainder by bill at 3,' 0," find 9 months, bearing Bartly nice letters you must 'jvro|ieirty. for a crew portioned the purchase money may remain in mortgage. Further bariiculers'rnây W'imtafned of 'apple eitioUito S. W. Westbrook, solicitor ; horse (he, Auctioneers, 'aith%Mirt,( where flour of the Eslatemaybeseéîi.11-^' "for ' 52 MONDAY, 9th APRIL. ENGRAVINGS.. At the City Man, On MONDAY next, the 6th April, at twelve o'clm k BY MR. ELLISTON, IN INVOICE of.«iel.cted ENGRAVINGS A. -colouiidaud plain including Cro studs, by Dilly. Sevastopol, by O'Reilly B >tnba men of Odessa, ditto Sweaney:, by Dalby Russian War, ditto Parade of the Gourds, by Thomas Anzac on Glass by Dalby Attack on Boinar«uud,uitlo Billie Sketches, duty Panto alDtiitipi, ditto Danish Costumes ditto Reception of Napier, tee. Terms Cash 1550 MONDAY, 3rd APRIL. Starts of Hay, Draught Horses, Waggons, ( arts, Winna ing Machine, P/o ghs, Harrows, Chaff-cutters, Harness, and Farming Implements, on the Farm known as Judge Montagu's property, at Kangaroo Point. MR. W. A. GUESDON Is instructed to Sell by Public Auction, (in consequence of Mr. Adamson relinquishing the s inn,) On MONDAY, the 9th April, at 12 for half-past 7 o'clock, On the Farm known as Judge Montagu's property, at Kangaroo Point, "THREE "STACKS of HAY JL six powerful well bred and superior draught horses. known to me my as unsurpassed by anything in the colony One <!< it rising two years by Lofty Two waggons One ttintinwiii£ machine Two chaff-cutters Ploughs, harrows, harness, and all the various farming implements indispensable for an agricultural property. Lunch IihII an hour before the sale. 'I Terms Under 50, cash , above that sum three months' can be on approved bills. The steamer Venus will afford perfect facility for names-going from town. Parties wishing to avail themselves of the above sale will be allowed to offer stock after Mr. Adamson's is sold 1501? WEDNESDAY, II to aPRIL. Household Furniture, Davey-street. MR W. A. G MRS DON I instructed to Sell by Public Auction, on the Premises of Mrs. Hall, Davey-street, On WEDNESDAY, the I lib APRIL, r Al Twelve o'clock precisely?, THE HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, comprising six drawing-room chairs, couch, cheffioneer, card table in rosewood and blue dam is, Brussels carpet, fender and fire irons, wire blinds, pair match tables, cedar cheffioneer. cane chairs, on cloth, and full lamp and clock PARLOUR and BEDROOM FDRNI '1 URL Pot table shower bath, willow dinner service, white and gold and blue and (gold china breakfast and tea services, plated and papier mache cruets, with a variety of glassware and plated goods. ALSO The usual indi<<pe.u»aiiles in the kitchen and etc mr de iiMOiMH« I»M»0 VAL CABLE STATIONS IN GIPPSLAND. Swan Reach, with 937 Head of Cattle. Kilmorie, with 702 Head of Cattle. MR. W. A. GUESDON Is instructed to offer for Sale by Private Contract, THE BEAUTIFUL DATIONS of KIL i AIORIE and SWAN REACH, in GippsLand. KILMORIE, With 702 Head of quiet well bred Cattle, of' which 300 are full groan, and nearly all bullocks SWAN REACH, with 937 Head of equally fine Cattle. of which uiO are full grown, and principally bullocks. The above first-class stations are situate on the Lakes in Gipps' Land, are well watered, and rank amongst the best in the district: they are nearly enclosed by natural fences, and divided into paddocks, have agricultural lands far beyond the wants of the Stations, and include a most comfortable homestead, are capable of depasturing from 3 00 to 4000 head of cattle, are well watered. and an easy distance from the shipping port. The principal portion of the Stock being fattening Cattle, an immediate return could be calculated upon by dialling for the Hobart to v or Melbourne markets. Every particular of the sexes and ages of Stock can he obtained on application at the Offices of the Auctioneer 1135 WEDNESDAY, 11th APRIL' Sale at Pontville. BY MR. G. A KEMP, At Davis's Yards, on WEDNESDAY, 11th of April, at 12 o'clock, S IK HUNDRED PRIME FAT WETHERS 400 ditto fat ewes \- 300 store ewes Several) useful horses v ' : 'firms as usual. - 2517 1 6 WEDNESDAY, 18th APRIL STOCK AT GREEN PONDS. BY MR. T A. KEMP, On WEDNESDAY. ibMwb April,' i " AtBlckwell'aYard*. * ONE THOUSAND PRIME FAT WUT HERS. -j Six hundred ditto ewes 4'' 6 . Two thousand ewes ' Six huildiedgiMidlambs" , ltd if it *tyw'm£wkm Myall, ' -m s. ;.í^T«Wliia»ja*ual. <> \^,.10141 HOBART TOWN IMMIGRATION I SOCIETY- , I Office Opposite the lower gale of Government House. ALL PERSONS availing themselves of the urgency of this Society, under the Bounty Re«uutiioir"s, cat! get but their relatives and friends, or obtain -mechanics,, servants, and labourers of any desolation from the United Kingdom, with despatch, and at a very moderate advance of money which by the Society's arrangements is provided to be repaid to them. By Order, 4110 Hi rack Ri.'woBorr Secretary NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. ALFRED NICHOLAS, having relinquished his interest in the well-known Liverpool Tea Warehouse in favour of his brother, Mr Sydney Nicholas, respectfuly solicits for him a continuance of that support which has been so long awarded to that Establishment, and which his rendered it the townsite Mail for Store keepers and Heads of Families ; confident that his brother's long experience in the trade, and milustiioiiH barques habits, wifE fully, maintain the celebrity of the Warehouse firmest'Teas and Groceries procurable on the most advantageous terms. In reference to the above, I beg to state that hi\in¡rtmw purchased my brother's interest in the Liverpool Tea Warehouse, which I have solely managed for the last three years, it will be my constant study to conduct the business on the same principles which have contributed so largely to its success. 650 SYDNEY NICHOLAS. NEW ZEALAND PINE, hX BRICK ON, 250 000FT. KAURI PINE. EX DANIEL WEBSTER, 150,000 FT. KAURI PINE, in flitches, boards, logs for sawing, and spars up to 9 feet long and 28 inches square, for sale by Maning Brothers New Wharf. 905 NOTICE OF REMOVAL D BARCLAY begs to inform his Friends and the Public that he has REMOVED from Elizuheih-sird to No. 6t, Liverpool street, nearly opposite Mather and Sons. January 22nd. 353 TO LET, FOR a Term of Years with immediate possession, that hands -me FAMILY RI SI DENCE, situate at New Town, near the Race Course, on the main road, containing eight rooms, cellar and kitchen, replete with every con Vfiiience,together with st able Hiidooacb-house,and other out buildings, in all about 3 acres of Land, securely leased His garden is planted with the most choice fruit trees For further particulars apply to Mr. James Bonney, New Town or to Mr. J. L. Cleary, New Town (road. 9th March. 1183 MEDICAL. DR. HALL takes leave to inform his friends and the public, that having retired (on pension) from the Government Medical Staff, in cows quence of reductions ordered by the authorities in England, he is now able to devote the whole of his time to the private practice of his profession. Dr H. may be consulted at his residence Claremont House, New Town Road, corner of Warwick-street, every morning from eight to ten o'clock. His fees will be the same as those of the other pi insipid practitioners of the city. to those poor persons who have hitherto had his public assistance gratuitously, and others, Dr. it will give his advice every day from 8 to 9 in the morning Hobarton 22nd March. 1863 J. WALCH AND SONS' 17 WEEKLY LIST of NEW BOOKS and AAP NEW EDITIONS. Lin No. 4, 27th March, 1855. M'Culloch, J A -Commercial Dictionary, half bound Russia, £3 10s. Reid, Col -Law of Storms, last Methbm, Robt The Log of a Merchant Officer Illustrations, £1 12s. 6d. Norie's Epitome of Navigation, 20s "Seamen and Merchants' Expeditious Measures for Carrie, Seo., 10s 6d Laurie, James- Interest Tables, 19th edition, 1934 27s. Street Ship Masters' Assistant, new edition, 35s. Maunder, S - Scientific and Literary Treasury, 12s. 6d. " . Treasury of History, 12s 6d. . ? Treasury of Natural History, 12s. 6d. Treasury of Knowledge, 12s. 6d. Smith, Adam- Wealth of Nations, 7s. 6d. Gin beef Modem Atlas, 4in" with letter-press, new edition, £3 10s. Black's General Atlas, folio, new edition, 1854, £315,. M37 TO BUILDERS. TENDERS will be received until 12 o'clock a in on MONDAY, the 9th of April, for the erection of the CATHOLIC TEMPERANCE HALL. Hobart Town. Pa is and specifications can be seen and further particulars obtained upon application to the Very Rev. William Hall Vicar-General Hobart Town. "2 " " " tV. Hau, V.O. 6th March. . 1421 CORNWALL INSURANCE COMPANY, THE Business of this Company in Hobart 1 'loan will be transacted on and after Monday, April indeed it was Buildings, opposite the Sheriff's office. 1476 Hkbmt Town, Agent. WANTED TO CHARTER. VESSELS of 500 to 600 Tons,, to proceed to Callao. and from thence with Guano in the United Kingdom., <-, s. 257 .WmíKnI«ht NewWharT i ' BOTTLE. " ' i ' > i^HEthiderrfgW hands at his Estate of . 'FoRierville.nieir Campbell Town and;U-|8», I VlîcxPublip^JieifbrCAUJiONED- BotsoreeelvëJ any orders, for the. Julie rawá by ti«'overaeer,<l Mr.! Satuaukl Uoodyou<»«N)Qiíiit W thra^vr,' FostfrviHe^ethM.rcbVlWI." UNIVERSITY OF MELBOURNE. S, S-- "% > an Abstract of Temfooaxy Regulations. ,?>>-, v Tait. UNIVERSITY OF MELBOURNE' I will be Open for the Admission of Under- fell graduates until FRIDAY, the 13th day of of April,, 1855, on which day the Matriculation- of Will take place, and the Lectures commence, at -2s 3; All persons intending to take the benefit of '" 1 the Academic year of 1855 must become March 9 A - emulated students of the University on that day, P. No entrance examination will be required for "c the year 1855 ; hut Undergraduates must, on s Matriculating sign a declaration that they will '' obey the statutes and regulations of the Um- " - ' verity ~ >? a ' No person will be permitted to Matriculate " who shall not have completed the age of Africa it. years 4 5 The Course of Study for the year 1855 will be- a LAID Classics. Greek.-Xeuophon's Anabasis, Books 1 and 3 - Homer's Iliad, Books I to 8. r Latin.-NaLuat, , Virgo stated Books late 6. ~%^~, ,, With Composition in Prose and Verse. " Isla Mathematics. Algebra Euclid Books 1 to 6, with Book II, Proper " ' sitions 1 to 21. Plane'Ingonometry. , OHL-In Loose Whateley's Logic, omitting the Appendix. j -> Lectures will also be delivered in Natural Science. There will be Three Terms in the Academic Year of his i he Lectures in the first will commence on Friday, the 13th April and end on Wednesday, the 6th June. " , a 5 The second will commence on Wednesday, the 4th July, and end on Wednesday, the 5th September. The third will commence on Wednesday, the 3rd October, and end on Wednesday, the 27th December. \ Lectures during the First Term. Mathematics. Professor Wilson. From 10 am to H am. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday Euclid, 3 Books 1 J and 3 Tuesday Thursday, and Saturday Algebra Classics. at , Professor Hotel. " From 11 a m. to 12 Noon. ~ Monday, Wednesday, and Friday Nene phon's Anabasis, Books I and 2. > tuesday, thursday, and Saturday Virgil's Aeneid, Books 1 and 3. Lone i Professor Hearn. From 12 noon to > p m. daily Whateley's Logic, Books 1 and 2. Natcbax Sczevcb. ProfessorM'Coy will deliver lectures, of wheelers., A notice will be given. at ' I' saw " _ ri Undergraduates must attend lectures in acts- , demie dress. The class rolls will be called punctually at five minutes after the hour specified for the commence meat of each lecture. No student will he entered on the University register as having completed his academic year " who shall have absented himself from more than one-sixth of the whole number of lectures in each course, unless such absence shall arise from illness or other sufficient cause, v> ben his case will be considered by the Professorial Board. An examination will 'be held at the end of the year on the subjects of lecture during the year, at which prices Will be awarded. Feet to be paid by Uiidergradtatet. Matriculation fee 42 0 0 For each term (payable in advance)... 4 0 (J Fees for No*Mátrvadaltd Orestes.. For each course of lectures attended in each term (payable in advancement 0 0 | By the Act incorporating the University. 16 Victoria, No 34, s. 8, it is enacted that " Every I undergraduate shall, during such terms of resi- dence as the University may appoint, dwell with his parent or guardian, or with some near relative or friend selected by his parent or guardian, and approved by the Chancellor or Vice-Chancellor, or in some collegiate or educational establishment affiliated to or in Connection with the University, or in a boardinghouse licensed by the University " Persons desirous of opening establishments as licensed boarding houses for the reception of students are requested to Communicate with the Registrar. Further information may be obtained. at the Registrar's office. No 37, temple gods, Chancery-lane, Melbourne, between the hours of Nine a in and Three pm daily v 1502 CITY ASSESSMENT. * " NOTICE TO RATEPAYERS. Town Clerk's Office, ' - kl u Hobart Town, March 93. 1 -' NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Worshipful the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Hobart Town will hold a Court at the Municipal Council Chambers. Collins-street. Hobart Town, on FRIDAY, the 13th day of . April next, at the hour of 10 o'clock in the OironooD, for fixing the City Rates for the year 1838. 1 the amount of the assessed value of various premises will be published In the Hobart Town - 'a Gazette on' the 27th Inst t, and can be inspected?- and. at the soiree of the "I own Clerk after that date. Parties are requested, itself H. and see. that their names, the description of their premises, " and assests of rates payable by members list correctly detailed thereon. ' , . i! And Notice is Hereby Further Quick, a? % that all persons intending to appeal must aged 16 notice thereof. (together with the grounds of, 1 appeal!, in writing, at the Office of shadows I , Clerk, not later than Monday. the lOU^öf,;'^:; April. No appeal Will be\entertained^Íp^^ F íireaiwm Notice is given, We pirtifâfàwSgX expires in "'- ' --«-*--**-.*.<**---?."<'-*?.?**«*- as agents oria from willie finÄthe¥urie#yeal? ¿p|K»W«. j March 21.-' x - , N SW A E 