Houses and Land for Sale. B ALL AARAT.—To be Sold, cheap, a Good Weatherboard Store, 25 x 30 feet, with room to enlarge, situate on the main road; one of the beat situations for business on the diggings. Apply to R., Post Office, Ballaarat ;'or F., 8oxi905, Post Offloe, Melbourne. 8569jun21 RIGHTON — Houses, Ac.—Families and Oentlemen requiring to Rent or Purobase Henna or Land at Brighton are requested to apply to the undersigned, who has several very eligible properties to dispose of. G. Walstab, auctioneer, m- praiser, Ac., 15 Temple-court. us jun 88 C ITY PROPER iY.—For Bale, Two ' w,.roomed Cottages, with Brick Stabling for 4 horses, and yard, all enclosed. Apply to R.. Thompson, Little Bourke-street east, lane opposite Victoria Hotel. 85 jun 35 ^ B RUNSWICK.—For Bale, a fclx-rcomedstone House, on the Sydney Road, partly fitted up as two Shops, with stabling and other premises at the rear; the whole enolosed on an aore of ^ALEXANDER LAING, Official Assignee, Hall ofCowmeroe. 227 jun 1ft E XTENSIVE LANDED PROPERTY tor Bale or, to Let on Lease for a Term of Years. Apply to Messrs. P; DAVIS and CO., City Mart 48 Collins-street east. Country Lands. 576 aores. parish of Dandenong, the whole substantially fenced (three-rail), good soil and line grazing land, sixteen miles from town, bounded by the Great Dandenong Road, three chains wide. Title from the Crown to the present Vendor, direct for sale, or lease for a term of years. 216 aores, parish of Eumemmerring, only a mile and a-hali beyond the Dandenong Bridge, and having a mile frontageon the Great Gipps Land Road, 3 chains wide; good land. Will be sold in the whole, or in lots to suit purchasers. Title from the Crown to the present vender, directs for sale, or on lease for a term of years. 254 acres in tike same parish, adjoining Dandenong Pound; good agricultural land, and fine dairy country; for sale, or on lease for a term o "acres, parish ol Mulgrave, good land, about 20 acres already cleared and ready for the plough, thirteen miles from town, and twe miles from Dandenong Creek. Title from the Crovn to the present vendor, direct Will be sold in lotr of 10 acres, or in the whole, er be let on lease. 35 acres, parish of Nunawading, only eight miles from town, and possessing abundance of fine timber; will be sold in lots to suit buyers. Title, a grant from the Crown to pres ent vendor. 198 awes, parish of Bulleen,' twelve miles from town, and one mile from the Yarra Yarra, nea» Templestowe. • 1021 acres, parish of Warrandyte, twenty miles from town; fine grazing land, and having abundance of the best timber for sawing or splitting, This fine estate has about four and a half miles frontage on the Yarra Yarra, and is part of the Anderson's Creek gold-fields. Title direct from the Crown to the present vendor. 8 acres 21 perches, enclosed with substantial three-rail fence, and cleared of underwood, half mile from St. Kilda, fronting the great threes ebain8 wide Brighton.road, near the Greyhound Inn, admirably adapted for a genteel suburban residence,—the finestmetal road in the colony is now complete fromthe vary door into the city. 5 acres, Prahran, enclosed with iron fence, threeelevated for a residence. 43 afres, 15 acres, and 10 aores, parish of Boroondara, about lour miles frem town, enclosed with substantial three-rail fence; fine soil for market gardens, and having plenty of marketable wood. Title direct fromthe Crown to the present vendor. Will be sold, or let for term of years. 234 acres, parish of Edgecombe, within halt s mile of the township of Malmesbury, and about half a mile irom the Coliban River, very slightly wooded, soil remarkably rich, and capable of producing the finest orops without manure. This land is situate about twelve or fourteen miles from the Mount Alexander Gold-fields, nearer Melbourne; will be sold or let on lease. Suburban Land.- The finest sites for Villa Residences, in St. Hilda, Prahran, Boroondara, and some choioe properties in other localities, beautifully situated near the city, and will be sold at low pricts. City Property. An entire Govfrnment allotment, situate in Therry-street, with one substantial brick-built dwelling, and an iron house of five rooms; this valuable property is now unoocupied, and will be sold, or let to a respectable tenant. One brick cottage, five rooms, and detached kitchen, situated in FitzRoy-street, Collingwood. One handsome stone cottage, with verandah, five rooms and detached kitchen, and servants' • rcom, situates, at Collingwood. Several valuable portions of land in South Melbourne, North Melbourne, and East Melbourne, or sale, or to let on building lease. Liberal credit will be given to buyers of any of the above properties. 2804 aug 8 F OR Sale or to Let, with immediate possession the Mansion House, Gardens and Grounds of A bbotsford, beautifully situated on the banks of the Yarra. The gardens and grounds extend over ei»ht acres, and are in a state of high cultivation. Ifce reoent additions to the buildings make Abbotsford an eligible opportunity tor the establishment of a public hospital or benevolent institution ; while they do not in the least interfere with the privacy and comfort ol the mansion house itself Apply to JOHN ORR, Abbotsford House, or 71 jFlinders-lane. 2575 e F OR Sale, the finestBuilding Site in Melbourne, having 44 feet frontage to Victoria-parade by 90 feet to Evelyn-street. Apply to C. and J. Smith, Collingwood Saw.mills. 302 jun 23 F OR £12, House, Cookhouse, Stove, Stable*, Watercloset, and Tools, with the ground, or without; suitable Cor a drayman. He ?ry-street, near Royal George, Collingwood Flat: cost £70. Apply to William Sutton. 40 I RON STORE.—On Sale, thellaterials for a very handsome iron Store, 100 feet x 45 'x 15, of Maw's best manufacture. The inventory is most complete, and even embraces tools ior its erection. ALEXANDER LAING, Official Assignee, Hall of Commerce. 224jun 12 L AND or Building Wanted in exchange f.r Twelve Acres, Prahran. H., 00 Swanstonttreet. 31 jun 23 N ELSON, New Zealand.—For Sale or Lease, 150 Acres Grass Land. Mr. Stark, 41 bwanstonstreet. 05jun*29 alt • UBLIC HOUSE.—For Sale, the Freehold Property known as the Seven Stars Hotel, in Madeline-street, North Melbourne, with the Good. Will, Furniture, &c.-; This house is most favorably situated for doing an extensive and lucrative trade, being on the great outlet from Melbourne to all the Diggings and to the Busb. It has a long established connection amongst Squatters, Farmers, Diggers, Carriers, Ac. ALEXANDER LAING, Official Assignee. Hall of Commerce. 225 jun 19 T. KILDA.—For Sale, a FewChoice Allotmen.B Mr. Winter, 43 Bourke-street west, 191 jun 19 S Stations and Live Stock for Sale. C OW8 and Calves for Bale, at H. Attwood'e, Lower Dandenong Road, Prahran, near the Prahran Holel. 24jun 20 C OLE'S GRAPES.—Finest kinds in Victors three years' old, Is. 6d. to 3s. 6d. each, at Richmond Nursery; 56 jun 19 /2.00D Breeding Sow and Five Pigs, £7 InquiM VJI of Mr. Omerston, brickmaker, Rucker's M D, Northcote. 91 T?OR Sale, Two Staunch Draught Horse.->, Dr» y,' JP and Harness. M'Comas, 73 Little Collu* street east. 1 C * F OR Sale, Pair Spaniel and Setter f uprt, aog and bitch. Apply to Fulton, guamiker, Collins- street. F OR Sale, a First-rate Fattening Run, well m.- grassed and watered, in the neighborhood of the M'lvor Diggings, with 350 Head of Cattle, more or less, capable of depasturing 800. The improvements, consisting of Grass and Cultivation Paddocks, Stockyard, "uts,&c.;, given in. For particulars apply to HUGH GLASs, A'Beckett-street. 140 jun as H ORSE for Sale, for Saddle or Harness; warranted sound, staunch, and free from any vice. Also an American Buggy Wa«ron and Harness. J. W. Torrey, at George F-^ramsaid Co.'s, 5 Flinders-street east. 218 jun 21 ORSE.—For Sale, a bargain,a First-rate Horse and Dray, warranted staunch. Apply at Blaokheath Villa, Gray-street, opposite the new housebuilding for the Chief Justice. 430 ORSE for Sale. Broke to Saddle or Harness! Huxley and Parker's, Little Collins-street east. 439 H ORSES.—For Bale Two Heavy Staunch Horses, well-known on the roads; any trial given. Apply .to George Gillespie, waterman, Emerald Hill. 53 M ILCH GOAT and Goat in kid; also few Laying Hens, for Sale. Inquire Red Brick House, down right-of-way side Faraday and Lancaster's store, Simpson's Road. 01 S TORE 8HEEP for Sale.—6000 Store Sheep for Sale, from two-toothed upwards; free front foot-rot and scab; now running at the Little River. Apply to Kaye and Butchart, 41 Bourkestreet west; or J. B. Chirn6ioe, Esq., Werribee River, Geelong Road. 3446 e S OWS, with Young Pies, for Sale. Apply to Bf. Sullivan, Harp of Erin Inn, King-stieet. 74 j on 20 T O be Sold, a First-rate Staunch Cob Horse, dray horse in miniature. To be seen 14 Little Bourke-street, near Elizabeth-street. Any reasonable trial allowed. 371 T O be Sold,a Small Quantity of First-rate Breed laying Fowls. To be seen at 14 Little Bourkestreet, near Elizabeth.street. 378 W ORKING BULLOCKS.—for; Sale, near GIS. borne, in Pairs or Teams— 130 working bullocks, in prime working condition, lately brought from the farming districts about Maitl and. Apply, by letter or otherwise, at the Post Offioa' Gisborne. or to Messrs. E. Row and Co., Melbourne. „ BUCKNELL and HILL. 3210 jun 19 alt w ANTED to Sell a First- rate Rat Dog.. A'. 95 Collins-street, opposite Western Mark* Produce, Provisions, &c.; A PPLES, Onions, Potatoes, and Turnips, on Sale, at 184 Collins, street east. A DELAIDE FINE FLOUR on Sale at Aler. Clark and Co.'s, 17 Little Bourke-street east. B RAN, V.D.L., on Sale- William Bayles and ' Co. 97 Collins.street. 319 B ARREL FLOUR.—American Barrel Flour for Sale, by T. J. Laby, 17 Flinders-lane west. 244 B >RAN, in Quantities to suit Purchasers. H. ' W. Patton and Co., 30 Mincing-lan<\ Wharf. 1S9 jun 23 B RAN.—Two Thousand Buahels Superior for Sale. H. W. Patton and Co., 30 Mincing-lane^ Wharf. 186 jun 20 B UTTEB.—50 Firkins Cork Butter, Is 7d. per lb. Davis and Co., 7 King- street, back of No. 9. 261 B UTTER.—Prime Cork Butter on Sale. R. B. Martin and Co., 43} William-street. 347 jun 23 C ABBAGE PLANTS, a few Thousands for Sale. Apply to John Jeremy, Flemington. 184 jun 19 C RACKED MAIZE, 300bushels ex Wotiga Wonga, on Sale by Robertson and Stevenson, 200 Bourke-street east. 131 jus 20 C HESHIRE CHEESE, in fine condition, for ' Sale. Harvey and Occleston, 30 Little. Collins* street east. 216 j an 23 d and wk /COLONIAL Oats. — 1000 Bushels fine Colonial \J Oats; also Danish and Scotch, at 149 Swanston- street. Osborn, Cushing and Co. 154 C HAFF, Best Oaten, 19s. per Cwt. 65 Flinders. street east, corner of Russell-street. 131 C HEAP FOOD for Pigs. Thorn's Hay and Corn Store^ High Holborn, Prahran. 22 jun 20 D AMAGED RICE, Oats, 4s. bushel. Biicuit Pig Feed. 7 King-street, back No. 9. Wharf. 263 F OR SALE, ex Vixen,— 80 tons potatoes, in prime condition 2 do. onions 2 do. bran Dredge and Thomas, 21 Market-street. 117 F LOUR, South Esk Mill, on Sale. Williaw Bayles and Co., 97 Collins- street west. 320 G OLDEN SYRUP on Sale, at A. Holland's, 105 Swanston-street. W [AY, Victorian Oaten, 15s. per Cwt. 65 Fiia L ders-atreet east, corner of Russell-street. 119 [ AY, Fifty Tons superior Oaten on Sale. H. W. Patton and Co., 30 Mincing-lane. Wharf. 187 jun 20 S PLENDID River Frontage at Braybrook.—One of the Government Allotments (recently sold), containing One and a half Acres, or thereabouts, described as rich black soil. Address 9. 7, office of this paper. S TORE to be Sold, with immediate possession, 44 x 31. T. Gibba,39 Little Collin«-street. 405 jun 19 S ANDRIDGE.—The Railway Hotel for Sale, in consequence of the death ot ;he landlord. 'Tliis very valuable property, having a iar*e frf ntage to the Bay, is now offered for Sale by private contract. The house is dting a steaiy business, and its position will eve«* secure to it a permanent value. A. E. WHEATLEY, corner of Market-equare. 343 jun 20 T WO-&OOMLED; Verandah CottagT 'for £28" Four Years' Lease of Ground. Four doors be. low the Sir John Franklin, Wellington.street, Collingwood. 123 jun 19 T O BUTCHERS.—For Sale, Two Acres of Land at Brunswick, on which is erected Slaughter, house, Piggeries, Cattle Yards, Coppery &c.; also a Two-roomed Cottage. One and a-half acres of this land is under cultivation, sown with barley and turnips. Also, Five Acres of land adjoining the above, and betwixt the Edinburgh Castle Hotel and the Moonee Ponds. ALEX*. LAING, Official Assignee, Hall of Commerce. 221 jun 19 T aTTERS M.L'6.—»lr. John MacKenzie is In structed by the Trustees of the Estate of Mr John O'Sullivan, to offer for Sale by Private Contract Tattersall's Horse Repository, Hotel. Offices, Dwelling, Smith's Forge, comprising one ol the most oomplete Establishments in the colonies. The hotel and horse repository stand on half an acre of ground, extending from Lonsdalestreet to Little Bourke-street, neld on a lease foe sixteen years unexpired, subject to a ground rent of only £75 per annum. The hotel is let off to the present tenant at £i5GQ, for- a term of fiveyears, unexpired, which has been reduced to £1000, being the present rent, to nwet the exigencies of the times, but with power to resume the original sent. The dwelling-house, forge, yards, Ac, stand on a portion of the adjoining allotment, having sixtysix feet frontage to Little Bourke-street, by a depth of feet,held in fee. These properties, now in full operation, will |>e sold as a whole, or in one lot, upon each terms Of payment as may be agreed upon, with immediate possession of all but the hotel. The Trustees are bound by the deed of assign^ inent to realist the effects of the entate during the ensuing three months, so that this vsry valuable portion of it must now be sold to the best^purehaser. Queen-street, May 93rd. 1855. 2753jun 21 -\7 ALUAKLE Freehold Pnperty, three- and-*l V half mile? from Town —Farms of Fifty Acres of good rich alluvial Land, in a rising looality anaa convenient distance from Melbourne. Can be had on libera! terms, and at a pi ice which de. fes all competition. Apply to S. BOTTOIMLEY, go. 107 Elizabeth-street. 396 jun 19 *\\*7 ANTED Thirty Pounds for Cottoge and v » Land at st Kilda. Apply Blue Be'.l Cottape, near Greyhound. 43 \K? ANTED to Dispose of a Two-roomed Wea- •V therboard House, in Peel-street, Windsor, on a road newly fenced; or Exchange the same for one in North Melbourne. House, office of r a rer. 39a Stations and Live Stock for Sale. A N Excellent New-eal ml Cow and Calf ott Bale Apply at Mr. Dalo'e quarry, Brunpwick 78 ju a H AY-Superior—Weight and Quality Gua ranteed. H. W. Patton and Co., 30 Mincinglane, Wharf. 200 jun 2$ H OPS, Kent, on Sale. William Bayles and Co., 97 Collins-street west. 321 I MPORTANT.—Genuine Colonial Gat&en; Seeds, every variety; warranted colonial. Mae. donald, seedsman, 103 Bourke-street east. 445 lttl w I NDIAN CORN MEAL on Sale, ai.o ^Mfci*. finest quality, at the Stores ofM'Ewan and Co., Swanston-street. 184 jun i5 K ANGAROO;—Williams's Dining Rooms are tt« Depot for Kangaroo Soup and Steamer, tbi day. 4<9 L OCRFINK HERRINGS, in kegs, 4s ; Groui Cinnamon, 2s. 6d. per lb.; Stone Blue, is. do, 7 King-street, back of No. 9. 260 M AIZE. Maize. Maize.—New Crop, 13s. Jnc, and George Martin, Bourke-street east. 417 jun 20 M AURiriUS SUGARS, Fine Counters, ior Sab by H. P. Sawell and Co., Bond-street. 506 jun 91 M ILK to Dispose of daily, Twelve Quarts Apply 29 Bourke-street east. 81 jun 21 O RANGES, TahitaXto be had only at Bly« and Wallace's, 47 Western Market; and R Allen's, 34Eastern Market. 344 jun 21 O N Sale, at Victorian Stores, 114 Elizabeth street, Splendid Assortment of Groceries, Oil men's Stores. Oats, Bran, Potatoes, Butter Cheese, Ham, Bacon, Flour, Teas, Sugars, and alec splendid assortment oi China, Glass, and Earthenware. N.B.—Coffees Roasted and Ground daily. 418 jun 20 r\N SALE, by the undersign**,- J , Flour, finestLaunceston Pickles, pints Oats, best Scotch Oatmeal, in barrels Potatoes, best V. D. L. and N. Z. Wbybrow's bottled fruits English and Foreign crushed sugar Mauritius do., a choice assortment Barratt's tobacco Westphalia hams Colonial potted butter Muscatel raisins • Gunpowder andorange pekoe tea, in oaddy boxes ^ „ , Coffee, Manila, Java, and Ceylon Brandy, Marten's, Henessy's, and United Vineyards Rum, West and East India Ale and porter, in bulk and cask E. J. MARSH, 18 Flinders-lane west. ISO O NIONS, 5 Tons prime Van Diemen's Land, oa Sale. Henry and Anderson, corner of Market and Flinders streets. O SALE, by the Undersigned :— 120 tons finestChilian flour, in 100 lb. bsflS guaranteed sweet and sound 25 tons rice,Fatna and Java 3000 bushels prime Scotch oats 1000 do best bran. a _ E. F. SICHEL and CO., 30 Flinders-lane west 178 O , ATS, Sootch, on Sale, by Cleve Brothers aa 1 Co*. 114 Lonsdale«Btoeet west. 213 jun 10 O N S A L 30 tons flour, ex Ellen, guaranteed sweei and sound 2000 bushels prime Danish oats 20 tons line Liverpool salt 30 tons loaf sugar 20 do. crushed loaf do. 50 boxes French star candles 50 firkinsprime Kiel butter 200 hama prime Yorkshire Brandies, in bulk and cases Just landing ex Nile from Canton, 260 half-chests best congou tea 86 boxes do. do. 58 quarter-chests do. do. Invoices of oilmen's stores, Ac. MELCHIOR and CO., Flinders-lane west; 168 O N Sale, Cargo 250 bags wheat 400 dooats 150 do bran 250 do potatoes. „ „_ WILLIAM JQAYLiiS and CO., 97 Co'.U. s-stc'i^ vest. Produce, Provisions, etc. o ATS, V.D.L., Seed and Feed, on Sale. William Bayles and Co„ 97 Collins-street west. 321 P OTATOES, Brown's River, guaranted sound, splendid sample, R. B. Martin, 43 i Williamstreet. 153 jun 82 P OTATOES on Sale, in lots to suit purchasers. ForbeB and Co., Lonsdale-street west. 108 jun 20 P OTATOES —Hobart Town Potatoes, fine sample, for Sale. T. J. Laby, 17 Flinders-lane west. 246 L, OTaXOES. — 8 Tons Sound Potatoes on Sale. JL Tnomas Wright. Office—Australian Horse Bazaar, Swanston- street. 197 P OTATOES, Brown's River, ex Black Swan, just landed, in splendid condition; £26 per ion. on the >Vharf,back of the Old Shed. l& P OTATOES, 20 Tons Brown's River. Henry and Anderson, corner of Market and Flinders streets. 214 P OTATOES, Superior Van Diemen's Land' now in Store. Apply t» Kuel, Long and Co., Blackwood-street, North Melbourne. 129 jun 25 P OTATOE9, superior quality, £23 per ton. Lioughnan, Brothers., 19 Queen street, and 41 Flinders.laneeast. 460 ;EEl> POTATO ES.—Huon River Seed Potatoe. > for Sale, by T. J. Laby, 17 Flinders-lane west _ 245 T URTLE.—Williams's Dining Rooms are the Head quarters lor real Turtle Soup, this day. 450 V INE CUTTINGS, Strawberry and Vegetable Plants, Herbs, Roots, seedsman, 103 Bourke-street east. 446jun25 W ESTTsDiA ARROWROOT, and an Invoice of Ladies' Boots, for Sale. Paton. Grant, and Co., King-street. 254 jun 19 20 TONS Loaf Sugar for 8ale, by Creeth, Hicks and Creeth, Larrobe-street east. 76 jua 20 Medical. A DVICE Gratis.-^Dr. Louis L. Smith, Surgeon," Licentiate of the Apothecaries' Society of London, Member of the Medioal Board of ViatorU?.' Advioe gratis before eleven and after six. 19| Bourke-street east, six doors beyond the AewmarW tret Hotel, Melbourne. 198 July 4 A CARD.—Doctors Singleton and Beckett, ITi Collins street east, have altered their hours for consultation at their residence from 1st June to lhe following— Dr. Singleton at home [from twelve to three afternoon. Dr. Beckett at home from nine to twelve noon, and four to six each evening. 30th May, 1855. t»july5 A RTIFICIAL TEETH Fitted Most BeautifuUy at London obarges, by Mr. Bamfora, surgaondentist, 169 Lonsdale-street east. 150 j une 19 B LAIR'S Colonial Pills, the best Family Medicine in the colony. In bdxes, twe shillings i>nd sixpence each. 25 j un 20 B LAIR'S Blaok Currant Cough Elixir will cure coughs, colds, asthma, shortness of breath, hoarseness, Ac. 26 jun 20 B LAIR'S prepared Vitriol for steeping Wheat. Blair, chemist and druggist, 237, Elizabethstreet north. 27 j un 20 D R. L. L. SMITH'S Vegetable PiUs our* biliousness, feverishness, loss of appetN& furred tongue, indigestion, liver, stomaeh, and bowel complaints, sick headache, skin eruptions.' spasms, palpitations, nervous affections, giddiness, flatulence,heartburn, Ac. 197 Bourke-street east. Melbourne. 66 july 19 F RENCH DOCTOR —Dr. Levy, D.M., ot Paris, will shortly arrive in Melbourne, when he intends giving his successful cases. Dr. L. is well known as aocoucheur, ophthalmist, general surgeon , and medical practitioner. 75 jun 20 H OMCEOPATHIC DISPENSARY. — Advioe Gratis for the Poor. Chronic Affection of the Eyes, incurable by the ordinary practice, gene, rally successfully attended. Diseases originating from abuse of drugs removed—Rheumatism cured under homoeopathic treatment, by galvanism. Dr. BERIGNY, 92 Collins-street east. 264 jly 8 H OLLOWAY'S PILLS are an Excellent Knmily Medicine, and recommended to all sufferers with diseases of the liver and stcmcch. The surprising effects ofthese wonderful pills have naturally made them a universal favorite with the residents of Australia, as well as to the inhabitants of all other parts of the world, as they are the best and safest remedy for ali disorders of the liver and stomach; and to the bilious fnft'rrar they are invaluable. It is indisputably admitted that these pills have never been known to fail to cure these disorders when used in accordance with the directions which accompany ch box. Agents, F. COOPER and CO., Collins-street, Melbourne. 3547 5 M ESSRS. PERRY and CO., Surgeons at 2t4 Lonsdale-Ftreet east, four doers from Howe's Circus. Consulting fee, £1. Letters immediately answered. Outdoor patients regularly visited. Balm of Syriacum, lis. per bottle. Purifying Pills, 2s. 6d. to lis, per box. 349 jun 83 M - R. ERNEST CARTER, Surgeon Den! ist, from London, Collins-street east, convr nf Russell-street. Artificial Teeth fixed on approved principles, equal to the most pes feet form of nature, combining comfort with durability, and that Mr. Carter's improvements may be within the reach of the most economical he has fixed hie charges at the lowest scale possible. 439 aug 4 alt P AINS in the Baok, Gravel, Lumbago. Rheumatism, Gout, Indigestion. Flatuier-cy, Nervousness, Debility, Stricture, &c.; — Dr. DE ROOS'S Compound Renal PillF. as their name "Renal" (or the kidneys) indicates, are a most safe and efficacious remedy for the above d complaints, discharges of any kind, retention of urine, and diseases of the kidneys, bladder, and urinary organs generally, which, if reelected, frequently end in stone in the bladder and a lingering death. For depression of spirits, b] ushing, incapacity for society, study or business, confusion, giddiness, drowsiness, sleep without refresh! inent, fear, nervousness, and insanity ifrolf, when arising from or combined with urinary diseases they are unequalled. Price Is. lid., 2s. 91,4s. 6d., Us., and 33s. per box, through all medicine vendors, or sent (free) on receipt of the amount, by Dr. De Roos, 35 Ely-place, Holborn, London. At home ior consultation daily from eleven till four '©clock, Sunday exoepted. Agent lor Melbourne, Mr. Ford, chemist Swanston-street aue % Money. F ° R Sale, a Bank of England Post Bill for £50.' Apply 9 Queen-street. 165 F OUR THOUSAND POUNDS to Lend on Mortgage. Apply Jennings and Coote, solicitors, Bourke-street west. 216 jun 20 G . H. NEWTON and CO.S Estate.—A Second • Dividend will be Paid on Wednesday next, from ten to twelve o'clock, at the office of Browne, M'Dougall and Co. 98 jun 19 M ONEY.—Ten Thousand Poui-ds to Lend on City Property, for three years; land under cultivation, deposit of deeds of suburban brick or stone buildings, for periods not less than three, or mere than twelve months. W. Gardiner, 68 Flinders-lane west. 3S8 j un 28 M ONEY offering on Mortgage on Fre?it£d City Property, or Land under cultivat'ou unreasonable rates of interest. BEAR ana3-->£I 66 Queen-street. 1020 cd fc~ 3 w z M ONEY Immediately Advanced on Deposit of Deeds of Freehold, Brick, Stone, or Substantial Wooden Buildings, for short periods. W. Gardiner, 68 Flinders-lane west. 3» O - NE HUNDRED AND FIFTY POUNDj Wanted on Mortgage of Property at Collingwood. Apply to £. Tufton Smith, solicitor, 63 Little Collins.street east. 5 O NE HUNDRED POUNDS to Lend.-R. K. Rogers,^architect, surveyor, and land agent, Mechanics' Institution Buildings. 2)5 fPWO THOUSAND POUNDS Wanted on First- X class Brick and Stone Freehold Property in Collins-street. R. R. Rogers, architect and sur. viyor, Mechanics' Institution Buildings. 236 jun 20 T WO HUNDRED POUNDS, on First-class Freehold Property only. Jennings,solicitor, 107 Elizabeth- strcet. 216 jun 20 T HIRTY to Five Hundred Pounds Advanced on Freeholds. Jennings, solicitor, 107 Elizabeth-street. 217 jun HREE THOUSAND POUNDS to Lend upon City Freehold. W. Gardiner, 68 Flinders-lane west: 339 T HREE, Five, seven Hundred Pounds for investment on Mortgage, by Mr. Winter. 43 Bourke- street. 330jun 19 V ARIOUS Sums, large and small, ready for investment on Mortgage. G. Millar. 3] Queen-street. 122 jly 15 Trade Addresses. B OOKS, Watches, Guns, Pistols. Musical Instru. ments, anything and everything purchased, is, 75 Little Bourke-street east. 311 jun 25 fiinnis, B ONNETS Cleaned, Altered, and Dyed at Hunter's, Dandenong-road, Prahran. 110 jun 20 C OFFEE Roasted and Ground at Chas. Reid and Co.'s Coffee Works, 1 La Trobe- street east. 77 jly 11 i C OFFEE.—CampbeU and Co., Roasters and Wholesale Merchants, 17 Little Bourke-street. behind the Post Office. 56 jun 25 C ABINET WORK to Order. Drawings and Estimates given. At Beauchamp's, 13a Bourke-street east. 228 jun 20 D ANDENONG PADDOCKS, adjoining the township of Dandenong, twenty miles from Melbourne. Horses and bullocks will be received, of Thomas Lord-l 14 C. Walker, Joseph and Alfred Hayneu, who can be seen every day at E. Row and Co 'A 9N! •- yards, will take stock to the paddock. >5 jun 30 G RAZING PADDOCK.—Five Miles from MeU bourne. A few Cattle or HoreeB can be taUen. Apply to Mr. Stevenson, Chelsworth, Had-.-lberg Koad; No Responsibility. li Trade Addresses. G ENTLEMEN'S CLOTHING Dyed, Cleaned, and Repaired, by F. Lemme, silk and woollenldyer, 79 Stephen-street.-, 72 jun 20^ G RAZING Paddocks on the Plenty, known as the farm of Messrs. J. and R. Bakewell, are open to receive horses. For terms, apply at 136 Collins-street east. 287 jun 20 pi EELOKG.—O'FARRELL ana SON, Auo ion. X X eers and Commission agents, Ryrie-street, Geelong, continue to hold Dally Sales of Morses, Bullocks, Quiet Cattle, Carts, Ryrie-street. They will always ensure the highest market price for Fat Cattle and Sheep entrusted to them for private or public sale. They will also devote attention to the sale of Sheep and Cattle Stations, which they wiU undertake at moderate rates. 2143 0 I MPORTANT to Farmers and Gardeners.—Soot and Clow Brothers beg to inform the above, ard the public in general, that they are now prepared to supply Bone Dust Manure in any quantity. Apply to B. Mathews, 87 Collins street west, next the Clarendon Hotel. 234 jly 1 d j »n 29 wk L IVERY STABLES, ueelong, at O'Farrell and Sons' Horse Bazaar, Ryrie-street west- George Allen having obtained a least; oi the above Ccmmodious Stables, is prepared to receive horses to stand at Livery or for Bait; it being his intention to merit a share of public support, the utmoBt attention will be bestowed on all horses entrusted to bis care. A number of useful saddle and gig horses and light conveyances kept for hire. 293 aug 29 N EW ZEALAND. — Assisted Passages. — Mechanics, Laborers, and Families' of good character, can receive Assisted Parages, per Pioneer,for Auckland,by applying to W. H. Monk, corner of King-street and Flinders lane. 53 jun 27 R ALEIGH'S PONT (Saltwater River).—Accoramodation Paddocks,—The well known and extensive Paddocks in connection with the above Punt, are open for the reception of Cattle and Borses, Ac., at usual rates. M&ribyrnong; Farm, May 4th, 1355. 7a jun 23 Literature. R ENTS Collected and Distress Warrants Issued. Kidston and Atchison, accountants and land as ents, 30 S wanston- street. 116 j un 23 S GRAHAM, Wholesale and Retail Grocer, 35 , Swanston- street-, has on Sale—York hams, English cheese, oatmeal, jams, jellies, colonial, Irish, and Continental butter, biscuits, tobacco, flour, potatoes, and a choice assortment of groeries at lowest prices for cash. 367 jly o S PECTACLES, Eyeglasses, Microscopes, Telescopes. Earle's, Optician, 158 Bourke- street east. Spectacle, glasses fitted. 287jun 23 S ~"HIPMASTERS and Agents bf Vessels"arriving in Pert Phillip, requiring their Vessels Surveyed for Damage or otherwise, can have Surveys, Valuations, Ac., conducted, and obtain every information thereon, by applying at the Marine Insurance and Survey Office of the undersigned. Attested Copies of Surveys, &c.;, forwarded to England from this Office, when required. Insurance effected for every description of Floating property. Ships surveyed, valued, and repairs inspected in Hobson's Bay, or River. CHAS. NEVINS, marine insurance, «nd shipmight surveyor, 45 Wllliam-stteet, Melbourne. 113 july 10 alt T ATTERS4LLS.—Important to t-uyers and 8el lers of Horses or Cattle Stock to know, that in future no charge will be made to the buyer here on his purchase beyond the actual sum bid y him. 3216 jun 30 IO Naturalists, Captains oi Vessels, and Others. Zoologioal Specimens, either native or foreign, purchased by William Bobn, at the Swan Hotel and Pleasure Grounds, Fyan's Ford, near Geelong. Address Post Office, Geelong. 3033 jun 23 V ICTORIA STORES, 114 Elizabeth-street.— Public Notice.— The undersigned having Purchased the Interest in the Lease and Business lately carried on by Messrs. Stevens and Co., known as the Victoria Stores, as Wholesale and Retail Grocers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, we beg to inlorm the inhabitants oi Melbourne and surrounding districts, that having added to the above business a magnificent assortment of China, Glass, and Earthenware, &c;„ in all its branches, families purchasing at the above t tores may rely on getting articles at the lowest possible prices. Mand. S. M'SWINEY. 14 july 16 Yj&T; ILLIAAf WEiVER, Auctioneer, House, x * Land, and Commission Agent, opposite Junction Hotel, Bi-ighton-road, St. ELilda. 32 jun 23 W ILLIAM iiUiiL and SONS, Wholesale and Family Wine and Spirit Merchants, respectfully inform their friends and the publio that they continue to execute c-rders and deliver goads anywhere within three miles of their stores. No. 70 Little Collins- street east. 113 jly 11 HSU ATCHKAKEB and JEWELLER, 69 ?v Elizabeth.street.—James Tucker begs to inform his Friends and Old Customers, that he is new re-opened at the above addtess, where he hoprs to be honored with a continuance of the support liberally accorded to him in 13 Collins, street west. 521 jly 5 Z INC SPOUTING Supplied and Fixed, 9d. per foot. Fainter and Moorhouse, plumbers, 13 Gertrude-street, Collingwood. 61 j un 19 25 PER CENT. Under Regular Prices. T Drapers, Country Storekeepers, Buyers for the Diggings, Dealers, and Others.—James Wade respectfully announces that he has now on hand upwards of £50,000 worth of Suitable Drapery wnieh he is selling in parcels to suit all purchasers, at 25 per cent, under prices. JAMES WADE, drapers' auctioneer, warehouseman,80 Collins-street, next the office of this paper, and opposite the Mechanics' institute. 3066 jly 1 <)7 COLLINS- STREET EAST.—R. SHOTTON, L I linendraper, silkmercer, Ac., begs respectfully to inform the ladies of Melbourne and its vicinity that he has commenced selling off his varied and uc rivalled Stock at half-price, until Friday, the 22nd inst; on which day he will have one of the handsomest Plate-glass Windows ever imported into the colony placed in the front of his establishment. R. S., in doing so, begs to intimate to bi« Mends that he will also open up on that occasion some f t the choicest goods, of various kinds, suitable for the present season; and trusts, by strict attention to the many duties required to suit the taste of his customers, he will be enabled to secure tliat kindly patronage which has hitherto been so liberally bestowed on his establishment. R. SHOTTON, 27 Collins-street east. 235 jun 20 N EWS FROM England made np to the vety latest moment of the departure of eaon vessel for Australia.—Lloyd's London Neuispapert edited by Douglas Jerrold, containing more news tf-sn all the other London newspapers combined. Sixty Columns of the Latest Intelligence, procured by electric telegraph, and other extraordinary means, regardless of expense. Writings by Douglas Jerrold—Movements of the Armyana Navy—Latest and Fullest Particulars of the War- Foreign Intelligence by Submarine Telegraph- Parliamentary Debates—Trials in the Civilr and Criminal Courts—Assize Intelligence—Police Reports—Sporting—Theatrioals—Reviews of New Books—valuable and exclusive Information for Emigrants and their friends—FuU Reports ofvthe London and Country Markets—and all the Important News of the Week. Observe ! Lloyd's London Newspaper is the Cheapest, Largest, and Best, and contains everything that can be desired in a newspaper. It enjoys by far the largest circulation or any journal in the world. According to the last returns published by Government it enjoyed a Weekly Circulation of 113,000, since which it has increased to upwards of 150,000 weekly. Agents for E. Lloyd, CHISHOLM BROTHERS.' Cbisholm's Stores, 268 Elizabeth-street north. Agent forChisbolm Brothers, H. SELKIRK, 50 Market-square. Published by Edward Lloya, 13 Salisburyqnate, London, England. 127 tu fri june 19 S MITH'S Complete Treatise on the Kitoben Garden, from Colonial experience. 43 Collinsstreet west. 296 jun 21 LATER, WILLIAMS and HODGSON have on Sale- Burn's Colonists' and Emigrants' Handbook of the Mechanical Arte, 6s. 61. Church of England Hymnbooks Latest Railway and Parlor Library Volumes Bulwer's, Dioken's, Lever's, Cooper, and Ainsworth's novels Chambers's, Oliver and Boyd's Publications Butter's, Carpenter's, Mavor's, Vyse'S, and other Spellings Children's toy books Juvenile books for presents . Account books and general stationery Brown wrapping paper Labels, window bills, and placards .' Song books, about 20 varieties Melbourne Vooalist Ure's Dictionary Loudon's Agriculture and Gardening How to Settle. 3s. 6d. Gold Ready Reckoners, 2s. 6d. Caseell'4 Illustrated Family Paper, iesaed weekly and in parts A general selection of books in every de-' partment of literature, science and art Dictionaries and cyclcpoedias Pnnch, Nos. and parts Wholesale and Retail, at their General Letterpress and Label Printing Office, 94 Bourke-street east, 2 Eastern-market; and Mostyn-street, Ca6- tlemaine. 282jun 22 T HE m Gardeners' Magazine," conducted by James Sinclair. No. 2 will appear in July. Price one shilling. 193 jun 23 T REDGOLD «)N THE STE*M-ENGINE, complete, 4 vols., strongly half-bound. George Nichols, opposite Western Market.- 400 T HACKERAY'S Newcombes, vol. 1, 12s. «d.j Book of Snobs, 3s.; Yellowplush Papers, 6s. George Nichols, Collins-street. 397 . W AAGEN'S Treasures of Art in Great Britain,' 3 vols, £2 28. George Nichols, bookseUer a opposite Western Market. 399 Y EARLY JOURNAL OF TRADE, for 1855, by Charles Pope, 26s. George Nichols, bookseller, opposite western Market. 398 Public Companies. C ANTON INSURANCE OFFICE.—The Under-' signed haviug been appointed Agents of tbia Company, are prepared to issue Policies on Specie, Produce, or Freights, from Sydney or Melbourne to Great Britain, India, and China: and also to take Intercolonial risks. The policies will be made payable, in case of loss, at the option of the assured, as under:— In China, by Messrs. Jardine, Matheson and Co1 „ London, by Messrs. Matbeaon and Co. ,, Calcutta, by Messrs. Jardine, Skinner and Co, „ Bombay, by Messrs. Remington and Co. „ Manila, by Messrs. B. A. Barretto and Co. ,, Singapore, by Messrs. John' Purvis and Co. And in Sydney by the Undersigned. Rates of premium bynrst-classvessels moderate.' XHACKER and CO., Agents in Sydney. Applications for Insurance in Melbourne addressed to Messrs. BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO. 172 jly 16 alt R OYAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF LC/SU POOL and LONDON. Capital, £2,000,000 sterling. Paid up Capital. £276,900. She amount of the o&pital; of this Compear, tae well known oharaoter of its Directors, the high respectability of its Proprietors, and the standing Which it takes among the large Ins nrance Estab iShments of the British Empire, nenable it to rank with the most eligible Offices now in existenoe, either in Europe or elsewhere, with resp^st to the advantages offered to the publio. The undersigned having been appointed th rgents of this institution in Melbourne, are prepared to issue Fire and Life Policies at moderate rites o premiums. WRTWT. BTR.OTUKRS. »p.d CO. 1«05 t «h « Literature. A UTOBIOGRAPHY of Branum, illustrated edition. Pricc Is. 6d.~ George Niobols, bookseller. 105 Collins-street, opposite Western Market. 394 B OOKS, Large CoUection, New and Secondhand, for Sale. 123 Little Collins-street east. Books Purchased. 67 jun 22 B OSPHORUS.—Prices Current ard Shipping List. Journal of Commerce Office, 6 King street. Twenty-five copies, 8s. 338 B ROOKS'S Designs lor Cottage land Villa Ar. chitecture, at Charlwood and Son's, booksellers, 7 Bourke- street east. 368 C HINESE Immigration Act, in this day's Journal of Commerce, ior China, England, India, AC.; six, 2s. 337 C ASSELL'S Illustrated Family Paper, issued weekly, price 3d. Slater, Williams, and Hodgson, and au Booksellers. jly 31 E ARNEST :STUDBNT; or, Memrials of John Mackintosh, by Rev. Norman M'Leod. George Nichols, opposite Western Market. 395~ H EMANS'S Complete Poetical Works, 2 vols, elegantly bound morocco, 24s. George Ki chole, bookseller, opposite Western Market H OW to Settle, with Colonial Farming and Gar' denine, 3s. 6d. " Exactly the Information, 1 —Herald. All booksellers. 31? augl J OHNSTON'S MAPS of the SEAT of WAR Colored.—The Crimea, with Environs of Sebastopol. fto.; New Chart of the Baltic, with Pla .s ol Cronstadt, Revel, Ac.; New Maps of the Black Fea, Caucasus, Crimea, &c.; New of an of the Seat of War in the Danubian Principalities ; Statistical Companions to Maps of the Seat of War, price Is. 6d. each, or 6s. the set. JAMES J. BLUN- DELL and Co., 44 Collins-street west. 295 J UST Published, royal 8vo., Price One Shilling, the "Report-from the Commission appointed to Inquire into the Condition of Ithe Geld Fields of Victoria," May be had at the Argus Publishing Office; oi all booksellers; and of the agents of the Argw hroughout the colony. c L OUDON'S Encyclopedia of Cottage, Farm, ard Villa Architecture, at Charlwood and Son'?, 7 Bourke-street east. 367 M ELBOURNE CIRCULATING LIBRARY.- Three Months' subscription, commenoin< any date. Twenty ShiUings only. Books Lent also on weekly payments. T. M. BUZZARD, 181 Bourke- street . . . . 396 jly 0 M USIC! Music!!—A large supply of New ani Popular Musio just received and now o-t Bale: by George Robertson, 85 Collins-street east, nearly opposite the office of this paper. . 475 jun 23 N EW BOOKS! New Books! I-All the Newes and most Popular Books, ex BoomeraBg an *. Blue Jacket, now on Sale, at Moderate Prices. »y George Robertson, 85 Collins-street east., nearly opposite the office of this paper. 476 jun 23 R OBERTSON'S CIRCULATING LIBRARY, 8 > Collins-street east, nearly opposite the offloa ot this paper. This is the largest and bestcollectun of the kind in the colony, and all theBooksara kept for the use of Subscribers only. Subscription, One Guinea per Quarter. 477 jun 23 SKETCHES IN VICTORIA.—Price 2s. 6d. each Opinion of the Argus.— "Three sketch-books, each containing eight lithographs of Melbourne, buildings and scenery, from the pencil of S. T. G., have lately been published by Messrs. James J. Blundell and Co., of 44 Collins-street; the sketches are well drawn, resemble what they are intended to represent, and will give a stranger an excellent idea of our city, as well as the peculiarity of its landscapes." 294 SPECIAL Edition of Journal of Commeroefor KT the Eoftphotus, rnvired. I-rices Current-, Chinese Immigration Act, A rpuis LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE JL AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. Established in 1836. Empowered by Acts of Parliament. Subscribed Capital,£1,500,000; Accumulated Funds £670.000. Unlimited liability on the part of the Shareholders. No referenoe home required. Losses paid in Melbourne and Geelong. VICTORIA BRANCH. DIRECTORS IS MELBOURNE :— The Hon. J. F. Palmer, M.L.C., Chairman. Franois Murphy, Esq, M L.C. James Henty, Eeq., 01 L.C. John F. Leslie Foster, Esq. James M'Cullooh. Esq., M.L.C. Bankers—The Bank of Australasia. FIRE OBPARTMBNT. Premiums received in 1854, £146,000. LIFE DEPARTMENT. Premiums received in 1854. £67,000. Resident Secretary, W.MURRAY ROSS. 47 july 7 alt Educational. M Amusements. Amusements. A 8 ,. ^ _ 1 E r » s. Goorge Lewis. Sole Lessee. This Amphitheatre will Re-open on Tuesday, l«)h inst., and all the Grand Spectacles of Mazeppa, St. George, Dick Turpin, Ballet, Pantomimes, Ac., will be reproduced, with the London Company and old colonial favorites, with new artistes. Mr. Lewis respectfully solicits the support of the Melbourne publio in his endeavors to keep open the firstEquestrian Company of the colonial world, RednoedPrices, as usual. 459 A FULL DREs8 BALL will be held at the Northcote Arms this Evening. Dancing to commence at Nine o'olock. Tickets, including supper, 10s. 146 B OSTON RIFLE GALLERY.—A Splendid Rifle will be Shot for next Friday. Apply early for share?. jan21 C OPPICE'S OLYMPIC, Melbourne.—Mr. Coppln will visit Melbourne by the Telegraph, steamer, on the 20th of June, to make Engagements fa the Opening of his New Theatre, on the 30tb of July. Ladies and Gentlemen ot the profession are requested to apply by letter, stating terms, at the Piince of Wales Hotel, in Melbourne, on or before the 25th of June. Sydney, June 13th. 3518 jun 23 V ICTORIA FIRE AND MARINE INSUR NOB COMPANY Established, 1849. r apftal £1,000,000. Head Office, Injnuranoe Buildings, 82 Collins Street cast. Directors; Henry BElUer, M.L.C., Chairman William B. Burnley, M.L.C.. Deputy Chairaal John Brown Frede .10k Cooper A. F. A. Greeves, M.L.C. William Hull, J.P. Solicitor— J. B. Bennett. Agent at Geelong.............Colin M. Smith Agent at Portland G. G. Crouch Agents at Warrnambool...W. Bateman, jun. & Cci Agent at Castlemaine A. Beauchamp. WILLIAM A. ORR, Secretary. 1311ap 12 SO E XHIBITION OF SCULPTURE at 91 Bourkestreet east. Group of Figures as large as life, eut in stone, illustrative ofBurns's Poem, "The Deil's awa' wi' ;the Exciseman." Open from ten a.ra. till 9;i>.m. Admission, Is. 159 jly 5 M U S I C H A L L Union Hotel Be.decorated, and brilliantly lighted with gas. is open under entire new arrangements. The third Concert will take place on Tuesday, the 19th Instant, ior which the following artistes are engaged. MISS URIE, The celebrated Scotch Ballet, singer, MISS MINIE CLIFFORD, The Juvenile Pianiste. MR. G. CLIFFORD, From the Exeter Hall Concerts, Tenor. MR. T. KING, Bass and Instrumentalist. Concert to commence at Eight o'clock. Programme: Overture ... AuberJ Glee—Here in Cool Grot,—Miss Urie, Mr. King, and Mr. Clifford ... Mornington Bong—Flowers of the Forest,—Miss Urie BcotcU Duet—Flow gently, Deva,—Mr. Clifford and Mr. King Parry Solo— violin—Mr. King De Berriot Song—My Highland Home,—Mr. Clifford Song—Edina, dear, O fare ye weel,— Miss Urie O. Hunter Part Second. Fantasia BriUiante—piano and violin—from Guillaume Tell,—Miss Clifford and Mr. King De Berriot and Osbourne Duet—I've wandered in Dreams- Miss Urie and Mr. Clifford. Bong—Friend of the Boone,—Mr. King Calcot Solo—piano—Telexy's Mazourka,— Miss Clifford Song—Auld Joe {Nicholson's Bonny Nannie,—Miss Urie Wilson Song-Death of Nelson,—Mr. Clif- _ ^ _ ford Braham Sole—clarionet—Adieu a Berne,—Mr. . King ... Brcssant Bong—will ye na come back again,— . Miss ilrie .7 ... Sooton God Save the Queen I Admission by Refreshment Ticket. 478 Q UADRILLE PARTIES Attended by the Messieurs Moss, Pianists, from London,,135 nourke-street east. 122 jun 19 C OPPIN'S OLYMPIC THEATRE.— Second Week of M. J A C O B S , The Great Magician and Ventriloquist. New and Astounding Wonders every Evening, And which meet with most enthusiastic approbation from admiring crowds. M. JACOBS Performs on Saturday Nights. Doors open at half-past seven, commences at eight o'clock. Admission.—Dress Circle and Stalls, 6s. Children under twelve, 3s. To Pit, 3 ShUlings. Chairs in Private Boxes, 7s. 6d. each, which can be seoured for any nightat- the Box-office, which is open daily from 11 to 4. 3528 jun 20 M P E R~I A L H O T T L , " Corner of Elizabeth and Little Collins streets. Farewell Concert for the Benefit of Madame Carandini. And positively her last appearance in Melbourne, previously to her departure from the colony, on Tuesday Evening, June 19th, 1855, on whicli occasion the following artistes will appear. Mons. Coulon, in full costume. Programme. Parti. Overture, piano, Herr Bial Miei Rampolli, Mons. Coulon Rossini Das Alpen Horn, Miss Octavia Hamilton Bcena, Ernani involami, Madame Carandini ... Verdi 60I0. piano, Herr Bial Ballad, Why do I weep for thee, Madame Carandini Wallace Part 2. Overture, piano, Herr Bial Poet. Elisir d'amore, Madame Carandini -and Mons. Coulon Bonnie Bessy Gray, Miss Octavia Hamilton Duet, Don Pasquale, Miss Octavia Hamilton and Mons. Coulon Annie Laurie, Madame Carandini Duett of Norma, Miss Octavia Hamilton and Madam9 Carandini Xhe Marseillaise, in costume of Zouave, French army, Mons. Coulon. Tickets, 5s. each, to be had at the Imperial Hotel and at Mr. Wilkie's, musicseUer, Colllns-street.fl 225 M ESMERISM and Eleotro-biology.—The most wondeiful and laughable experiments will be performed upon persons in the sleeping and waking state by Professor Jacksan, at the Tem- S erance Hall, on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friay evenings, June 20th, 21st, and 22nd. Charge, One Shilling, and Two Shillings. 387 P OSITIVELY the Last.—Miska Hauser, in returning his sincere thanks to the people of Melbourne and vicinity for the kind patronage he received, has the honor to announce that his Positive Last Grand Concert will take place on Thursday Evening, 21st June, At the Mechanics' Institution, On which occason he will perform several of his choicest moroeaux. J. ASKUNAS, agent. 436 N ORTH MELBOURNE. — Ayrshire Hotel.— Frank Varley will give one of his highly Amusing Entertainments this evening. 437 V ICTORIA BALL CLUB.—Notice to the Members.—A Ball will take place this evening at the Belvidere Hotel. By order oi the Committee. <03 W HERE Spend a Pleasant Kvening and Hear a Good Song ?—At Mooney's National Hotel, Bmrke-street. 27 june 21 Lost or Found. JT° lUND sear the W Creek (with Calves) one Red Cow, branded like Q on off thigh, nose u and ears tinged black; one spotted Cow, branded GP near ribs, very wild. The owners may have the Eame by applying to JOHN REYNOLDS, near Hill's corner, Boroondara. 386 j an 19 tflVE POUNDS REWARD.—Strayed irom J? Mount Blackwood on Sunday, the 3rd inst., a Bay Mare, branded ^ near shoulder, couar marked off shoulder. „ A „„ Any person bringing the same to MR. BLOOM- FIELD; Merri Jig Hotel, EUzabeth-street, shall receive the above Reward. 394 j un 19 RS. CONNOLLY (removed to South Yarra) has Two Vacancies. No Winter Vacation. 281 jun 23 M RS. LESLIE has Vacancies tor a Few Resident Pupils. Private let sons given in French, Italian. Music, Singing. Drawing, Dancing, &0. Clarendon- street. Emerald Hill. 54 M USIC.—Miss Dow continues to give Lesson* on the Pianoforte. Terms moderate. Top Hanover-street, Collingwood. 27 8 jun 21 T HE Misses Burney's School will Recpen on the 2nd July. 126 Collins-street east. 419 F OUND, a Terrier Dog; Unclaimed in ten days will be sold. 143 Elizabeth- street.. 28 jun 20 1VE POUNDS REWARD.—Lost from Kyneton, Two Chesnut Horses: one light- chesnut, A S branded F ne&r; shoulder, one dark chesnut FS branded IW under mane, white star on forebead, ring boned off fore foot. The above Reward will be paid to any person bringing or giving such information as may lead to the recovery of the same, to Thomas Fletcher, storekeeper. German Gully, Fryer's Creek. THOMAS FLKTCHER. 3539 jun 20 "IJtOUND a Gold Ring. Apply to William Ryan, J? Carriers' Arms, Elizabeth-street. 227 F ~OUND in Swanston- street, on Saturday, the 16th June, a large Brown Pup, coarse hair. The owner will find the same by applying to A.D., Police Baracks. 90 F IVE POUNDS REWARD—8tolen or Strayed, on Monday night, Uthinst., from between the National and the Gap. a Black Horse. Blotch brand near shoulder; w off neck, under mane. The above Reward will be paid to any one on de< livery of the horse,to C. ana W. Haines, Five-mile Creek; H. Mosely, Sir John Franklin, Jackson's Creek; or Mr. Murray's liverylst-ables, Melbourne. C. and W. HAINES. 98 jun 29 wk F OUND, in my Garden, Saturday night, 16th June, Brown Horse: branded J K; four white legs, white face, wall eve. Owner can have it by paying expenses. Inquire of Mr. Chandler, Rucfcet'a-Hill, Northcote. 92 T?0 J? .J ;UND a Black and White Dog. The owner ;may recover it by applying to 9 Napier-street, : OUND a White BUly Goat, 105 Stephen-street. G OLD BROOCH.—Lost, in or near AcUand- _ ' street, St. Kilda, on Thursday, the 14th inst. Whoever will return thesame to Mrs. Purchas, 20 Temple-court, Melbourne, or to Mr; Purchas, Ackland-street, St. Kilda, will be Rewarded for their trouble. 9 L OST, near St. Kilda, a Welsb Book. Whoever will bring the same to F. J. Breston, 228 Elizabeth-street north, will be Rewarded, 101 M EMOIRS of Dr. Chalmers.—The person who has possession of the firstvolume, belt ngiqg to J, 'A. Ewen, with his name inscribed thereon, will oblige by returning the same to Mr. Jl ilson, at Sargocd, King and Co.'s, Flindersstreet, or Fawns and Smith,Elizabeth street north 62 june 21 T HREE POUNDS REWARD. —Lost Brown Horse (hack), switch tafl. blind off eye no brand visible. Any one delivering s^etoiader. signed win receive above Reward. H. RODGEWS, Wooden Bridge, Nunawading. 101 J" n 22 a wg T EN POUNDS REWARD.-Lost, stolen, o« Strayed,Two Horses: one iron grey norse v-ald face, branded O on near shoulder, also a da k bay ncrse. branded RP [co*joine<*> nevr tliculder, black points,, and star in. fgehead. V. hoever will bring the same to A. Kyte,». regg, ft James Mill, Back Creek, will receive tne ao>« ^ROBERT PEGG. 13 jun 19 T nw POUNDS REWARD.—Cautton to Auction, eers Poundkeepera, &o.-Strayed; from Gis. *«»«*1>eek on Sunday,20th ultimo, a Bay Mors branded W near shoulder, D off shoulder, TK off K r Also a Grey Horse, branded g off shoulder, h htd head collar on when missed. The above Reward will be given to any person bringing them to tbe Noah's Ark Stables, North Melbourne. JOHNSON and CO. 109 jun 20 T BNPOUNDS RE WARD.—Lost frcm the s-t neyeuokle Station, a Chesnut Horse, 5 years o.d. stands 15 hands 3 inches high, branded on noav shoulder. Whoever will bring the ss-me o j. Mackenzie, Esq., Honeysuckle; or thePort Phillip Club Hotel, shaU receive the above OK YE TERHIKll Foui d. Apply fc urn, 3anV..*ireet ewt, Emoralw-Hi*;. % x Lost or Found. P UPPY Lost; spotted, black head, brass collar; a Bitch, long ears. Any person bringing the Fame to Mr. Ninnis, 75 Little Bourke-street eastg win be Rewarded, 442 Funeral Notice. L OBT, on Saturday night last, in or ntar Simpson's Hotel, a Cheque drawn by Robert Huron in favor of George Dodson for the sum of Sis Pounds, on the London Chartered Bank. Payment stopped. Any one returning the same to Simpson's Hotel will be Rewarded for their troul>le. 143 jun 21 L OST.—A Dark Grey Bitch, breed between a Scotch Staghound and a Newfoundland. Any one bringing it to Budge Brothers, 57 Russell-street, will be Rewarded. If found in anyone's possession after this notice, they will, DO »-•> 481 • OST, from the Adelaide Lead, on the 23rd JJ May, a Bay Mare, branded L near sbpuld«f switch tail, black points. «5 Reward, if strayed; £20 if stolen, on conviction of the thief, Apply Mr. Brice, Argus agent, Maryborough. 3145 jun IB T HE Friends of the late Mr. William Buchanass' late of Greenook, are respectfullyi-ti vited follow {bis remains to the New Cemetery. Th* Funeral to move from 115 Collins-street ea«t this day at two o'clock p.m, JOHN DALEY, Undertaker, corner La Trobe and Spring streets, Melw bourne. 19th June, 1855. 480 Storage. S TORAGE for Light Goods, at current rates;,' Gunn, Dundas and Co., 31 Flinders-laae. west. 295 jun 28 Miscellaneous. B UTCHERING BUSINESS for. Bale, doing SC first-rate ready-money trade; together witl* a Powerful Sausage Machine and filler; the above is in one or the best situations in townand fitted up with every convenience. Apply afi[ 215 Elizabeth-street, 367 jun 20 R ICHMOND NURSERY GRAPES.—One young i Vine produced Six Bunches, 42i lbs.; prico[ 38\. 6d.; three years old. 57 junlft CAINT'S Drapers' and Grocero' Window Ticket! office, 87 Rus8en.street. A large Stock on, band. 462 b HAVING and Hair-outting -Saloon, next te Temperance Hall, Russell-street. V. Willis.^ from the Criterion. 434 jun 23 a£r < • UlGN-WRITING.—H. Davies, plain and orna^ O mental sign-writer, 116 RuEsel!. street, next? to the Temperance Hall. Obtained Prize froofe Exhibition for best workmanship. 431 S HAVING, Hair-outting, Shampooing; bests Style, lowest Prices. The celebrated Almei Saloon, 76Collin8-street west. 4>2 V U PTON'S Boot and Shoe Store Removed frons Little Collins-street to Collins- street, opposite this office. • 473 jun 20 W ANTED to Dispose of the Goodwill an Fnrniture of a well-establisbed Boarding House, doing good business, and well situated £ rent moderate. Apply at 143 Collins-street e«s&, ! 381^ (c T7K)R want of timely care, millions hav& J? died of medicable wounds." DR. L. PilUQ L. SMITH'S Vegetable These Pills cure :— Bilious complaints Pains in the Head Diseases of the stomach Lowness of Spirits and Bowels Nervous Affections Sick Headache Spasms Seurvey Palpitations Gravel Dyspepsia Costiveness Feverishness Heartburn Blotobes on the Face Flatulence Skin Eruptions Giddiness Piles These celebrated pills have obtained for the pro? prietor, in this and the adjacent colonies, a worlds' wide fame, for their known proper d( s in curing the above symptoms and diseases. Thousand^ bave been cured, who were suffering for years with a foul tongue, disagreeable taste in the mouth" in the morning, loss of appetite, languor and fullness alter eating, or, in other words, from indiges^ tion and liver complaints. These pills have now been advertised fortwtf years in these colonies, and though thousands of boxes have been sold, yet there never has been ft single complaint made against them: and, as a procfof their immense sale. Dr. Smith has had repeatedly to warn the public agains t spuriousaa fraudulent imitators. Persons of an intemperate habit will find great relief from these pills. As a Female- Pill they stand unrivalled. Prepared only in boxes, at 2s. 6d., 5s. and 10s., W DR. LOUIS L. SMITH, Surgeon, L.S.A., and Member of the Medical Board of Victoria, only a£ 197 Great Bourke-street east, Melbourne. AGENTS. Messrs. Ogle and Kendell, next NichoU's and Hunter's Stores, Simson's Ranges. Mr. Page, Commissioner's Flat, and at Daisy Bill.Creswiok's Creek. Mr. Cook, Bendigo Flat, and at Daisy Hill, Befl3 digo. Mr. Ready, next the Live-and-Let-Live Hotels Simson's Ranges. N. Mr. J. T. Thomas, Druggist, Market Squarij Geelong. Mr, Rastrick, Druggist, near St. Paul's ChureH Asbby. N.B.—The above are the only duly-authorised^ parties from whom the public can be supplied*' either wholesale or retail. Agents for Ballaarat, Messrs. Godfrey and Abra-T bam, jewellers, Mains-street, next Charlie NapieQ Hotel. 207 oct 5 Wk T O DAGUERREANS.—P. M. BATCHKLDEaj 57 Collins-street east, has the pleasure of anw ncuncing to the Daguarrean Operators throughout^ the colonies that he has permanently establisheda Daguerrean Depot in Melbourne, where he hast now on hand, and is constantly receiving, every* description of Apparatus and Materials used in! the Art. Invoices just received consisting of cheap and fancy oases, chemicals, platesi <%oJ Operators will be cheerfully supplied with list o£ srtioles and prices. Orders for any quantity, witW amount remitted as per price-lift, will meet with* prompt attention; goods carefully selectedJ packed, and forwarded, by Express or otherwise; to address. 57 aug 17 wk N OTICE to Squatters and Owners of Fat Sheet. Intended for the Melbourne Marltef..—Tha undersigned are wholesale purchasers of fat sheep' for cash at market value, within one or two dayw stage of Melbourne. Apply personally or b£ letter to Mr. Gray, Watson's Bazaar, Bourke-street! west, or Mr. Nimmo, Rockbank. GRAY an$ NIMMO. 2883 wk 0 S TOLEN or 8trayed.—Five Pound" RewsrdJ —A Bay Horse, from Mount Blackwood Diggings, on 28th March, 1855, bronds PAkj near shoulder, HB off. shoulder. Whoever wilt bring the same to HOGEN'S store, Forest. CreeU or to KEATING and CO.'S, Mount Blackwood Diggings, shaU receive the above Reward. AK<( DREW BROWNE. 3211 jun 22 wk Agencies. E NGLISH AGENCY.—Mr. JOHN C. KING, latd of Melbourne, has determined on prolonging his stay in England, w5U be happy to execute OOM missions for the sale of gold, wool, or other 00I04 nial produce; as well as forthe purchase of good* In London and the manufacturing districts, oq the usual mercantile terms. , References may be made 0 Edward Wilsao! Esq., ^tvtaOffice, Melbourne; and letters addreswd to Mr. King, Jerusalem Coffee House, Cornhiiy London, will meet with immediate attention. M R. CHARLES F. WILSON, Bookseller and Stationer, near the Devonshire Inn. Great Brighton, having undertaken the News AgenM Off the Ascitis for the Brighton Distriet, Subscriber* Is that looality are requested to make arrangjM Bents with him for secrring the regular and es£M delivery of the paper. * M r, DIX is authorised to reoeive Advertise* ments at Emerald Hill for insertion In th* ABGUS. 1001 e* M ESSRS. SLATER, WILLIAMS and HODGH SON, Stationers, 94 Bourke-street east, hsvft been appointed Agents for the Anous. 1008 0 M r. FRANCIS ROBERTSON, Of BaynMM street, Kyneton, has been appointed A| ior the AROUB at Kyneton. Parties in that ne torhood who may be desirous of reoeiving^ ^ gaper, or of advertising in the ARous.are requests® to make their angements with Mr. Robertsoal tor the future. 1004 9 M ESSRS. CHARLWOOD and SON, stationery Bourke-street, near the Post Offioe, havi been appointed Agents for the Anous and area w horised to receive Advertisements for insernov n that journal, a N OTICE.—Arrangements having been madd with Mr. SEEAR, of Peel-streefc Wtods«tf for supplying the ARGUS newspaper to residents a St. KUda, Windsor, o a ^ " ! 1 ^ notified that no renewal Sub^riptionsvdUbere, oeived at this office after this date from partie^ residing at those places. £«»n^hing tolwj* the ARGUS left at their the 1MM* localities are therefore requested to make tig* own arrangements with Mr.Seear for Its ff delivery. I TOTICE.—The following parties have been ap * pointed agents for the Arms, and ar aathoj rised tocoJleot moneys, and reoeive orders Car tM paper, and for advertisements in their several j^M^Kei^Maiop- atreet west... Geelong Snel^ove and Thomson,Georgestreet ... - Sydney- John Howell, Hindley-street ... Adelaide j, Waloh and Son, Wellington- m Bridge Hobart Tow* Mr. Spioer, druggist Launoestan Thomas Locbland ... >.. Portland W. D. Halhed ... ... Belfast John Macdonald Warnambool D A. Beath Hamil on George Chaffey, Casterton Hugh Swan Kilmore F. Robertson... ••• Kyneton H. James Bacchus Marsh J, W. Green ... Ballaarat Fred. Brice ... ... ... ... Beeohworth Davis and Chaffey Harrow Mason and CuUey ... Williamstown A, J. Best ; ... Collintrwood Henry Harris ... ... .. Sandridge William John Morris Gisborne Alexander Morrison, Levison- .. street J.J.Walsh, Bt&tloner; ... ... «»Elttabett.«L Charlwood and son — .... Bourke-street T Edward Stanford, Charing (.'toss London Morison Kyle,bookseller,Queenstreet «•• Glasgow At the establishments of the Agents in Sydney, Launceston, Forest Creek, and Hobarti Town, a cess to filesof this Journal may always obtained, Printed ond Published W ^ f / M 4 LACHLAN MAOEIBNOH, propnetors, at the Offioe. CfiUina- ftreet east-Melbourne, Vloiom. 