MERCANTILE AND MONEY ARTICLE. Tuesday Evening. FROM the Money and City Article of the Times, May 21st, we take the following favourable report of the British and chief European money markets : " The report from Vienna that Austria is endeavouring to suggest new terms of peace, together with the favourable Bank returns in the Gazette of last evening, and the maintenance of the general demand for stock on the part of the public which has prevailed during the entire week, caused the English funds to open this morning with increased buoyancy, and subsequently to experience a further considerable advance. Consols, which closed yesterday at 895, were first quoted 89 to 90, whence they went to 90, at which they remained without reaction up to the termination of business. For the July account the last price was 99 to J, or 38 to 39 ex. dividend. Om- nium was well supported, and at the end of the day there were buyers at 2 premium. There was no additional foreign news in the course of the afternoon, and the effect of the report from a Vienna in the morning is to be attributed to the sign it furnishes that, in proportion as the Allies show firmness, Austria, on behalf of Russia, becomes more eager to obtain terms. With regard to the Bank accounts. although they were expected to be very satisfactory, the increase in the bullion and in the unemployed notes was greater than had been looked for, the former being now higher than at any period since February, 1854, and the latter than at any period since May, 1853. Bank Stock left off at 208 to 202 J; Reduced, 89 to 9 ; New Three per Cents., 896 to |; Long Annuities, 3 15-16; Terminable Annuities (new loan), 16 7-16 to £; India Stock, 229 to 231; India Bonds, 17s. to 20s. ; Exchequer bills June), 5s. to 8s ; (March), 9s. to 12s. premium and Exchequer bonds, 100 ton. A payment of 15 per cent. (£2,400,000) falls due on the new loan on Tuesday, the 22nd, being the first payment in addition to the deposit of 10 per cent, at the time of subscription. The next will be 10 per cent, on the 19th of June. Foreign securities were generally well supported, although the operations were rather limited. Turkish formed an exception, having been unfavourably influenced by sales. For the account the transactions were at 78, 77, and 3, and the final quotations was 776 to f. Danish Five per Cents., 1919 ; Granada De- ferred, 12 and 7 ; Mexican for account, 219 and a; Sardinian Five per Cents., 37 and i; Venezuela, for account, 31; the Deferred, 134; Dutch Two-and-a-half per Cents., 63; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 92 and 6. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 686\. 70. for money, and 685. 75. for the account, showing an advance of a half per cent., in consequence chiefly of speculative purchases. At Vienna there has been a slight recovery. The rates of exchange at Paris during the past few days have been less favourable. From Belgium and elsewhere the quotations still show great firmness. From the reports on the state of trade in the principal manufacturing districts of the United Kingdom, up to May 19, we extract the sub- joined from the Times, May 21 : Manchester, May 19. Business has been languid place Tuesday, and, though manufacturers have been unable to get the price they were then Baking, they have been fl rain requiring more or less better term a than they have hitherto < trained. The experience of another week's speculation in the' cotton market', where the sales have amounted to 112,000 bales, or nearly three times the amount required for consumption, seems to have given beers more confidence this morning, and a little more activity is perceptible, with rather better prices. The improvement is more apparent in yarns, however, than In cloth again to- day. One of the largest cloth houses reported yesterday that it was with the greatest difficulty manufacturers could obtain the least advance notwithstanding the constant upward progress of yarn and cotton, while in no instance was the rise in proportion to that in cotton. There were a few sellers who spoke of rather more space ss, but this was the general ten our of the reports throughout the week. The slight advance made this morning is therefore the more satisfactory, as showing less distrust among buyers, whose operations for sev ral weeks past have been on an exceedingly small ECHO. Printing cloths, India shirtings, and medium warp and cop yarn may be generally quoted as a shade dearer. Birmingham, May 19. The iron districts of South Staffordshire during the last week have been in a state of great excitement, owing to the failure of two extensive establishments, and, as usual upon such occurrences, the rumoured tottering condition of others ; but so far as general credit is concerned, matters have turned out, up to the present moment, better than could have been expected. It will be recollected that a few weeks ago certain houses in the iron trade gave way, but, with one or two exceptions, owing to a fear of re- velations and Involvements which must have resulted from bank- ruptcies, arrangements were made to prevent disclosures and satisfy imperative creditors. The worst was then said to be over and upon the authority of ironmasters credit was restored, and those who ventured to speak plainly of self-evident facts were rebuked for giving utterance to precipitate predictions, calculated to do injury to the commercial reputation of the district. There were, however, among the most intelligent of the iron masters of South Stafford- shire men who, so far back as the preliminary meeting held at Stewpony in the autumn of last year, anticipated the disasters which have since occurred, and who, with the certainty of a fall in the price of Iron, foretold the commercial panic by which it must of necessity be succeeded. Those predictions have in part been fulfilled it is hoped, to their fullest extent. It is satisfactory to find and this breaking up of old establishments that during the last week or ten days there has been no falling off in the demand for manufactured iron : if anything, the requirements for plates and sheets are Improved Tlvs orders for North America are said, however, not to be so good for the season as they have been for some years past ; but a brisker trade is, after all, anticipated. Pigs have made a trifling advance, especially of the first quality. They may be stated at from 3s 6d. to is per ton higher than at the commencement of the quarter. They would unquestionably have been still higher but for the want of confidence engendered by the late failures. During the past week the Scotch market has been very buoyant, owing to the continuance of larger shipments than were anticipated, and Scotch pigs of good brands are now quoted at 63s.; Gartsherrie, Mo. 1, at 57s , free on board. Stocks in Staffordshire continue low and, in consequence of many of the furnaces being out of blast the make comparatively limited. The coal trade continues remarkably brisk, and in some dis- tricts the colliery are looking out for an advance of wages. Many of them gave notice on Saturday last for a rise of 5s. per day, but the majority considered it unwise at present to do so, and, is they state, have deferred it until the next winter. The additional supplies which by that period may be expected from the new and extensive pits on Cannock Chase may render such a demand even unwise and inexpedient. But, notwithstanding the depressed condition of the iron trade, the short time adopted at the mills and the forges (four days a week), and the refractory inclination of many of the colliers, it was gratifying to find during a journey through the iron and coal districts yesterday, that there were fewer idlers and younger throughout the district than we have seen for many years. All were apparently at work or at home-not a bad symptom. ( Pauperism continues to increase in Birmingham, Coventry, KuneaUn, Kidderminster, Dudley, and the iron districts of South Staffordshire. The last returns from most of these places show increased expenditure for the support of both outdoor and indoor poor. Let ds, May 19. The progress of the woollen cloth trade during the present month is likely to be of a very satisfactory character. We have to report that rather more business has been done this week than last. To-day's market his been fully as animated as could be expected, and, though no one purchased any great bulk of cloth, in the aggregate a considerable quantity was sold. The stocks in the public halls are within a very moderate compass, and the present rate of demand, which is mostly for the home trade and the army and navy, will keep the manufacturers in fair, steady, but no full employment. The shipping houses continue to do a comparatively small business, and unless the war should cease of which there appears no prospect, the exports of the year will be far below those of 1854. Wools of all kinds are firm in price. Most of the clothing kinds have rather advanced, and the demand for them is a proof that the woollen cloth trade is in at least a moderate state of activity. The improvement in the price of colonial wools, however, is in a great measure owing to foreign buyers competing warmly with the English at every series of sales of colonial wools in London. The manufacture of woollen fabrics both in Belgium and Germany is gradually enlarging and improving, and it is not improbable that some of the manufacturers in those countries will arrive extensive advantage for the sale of their fabrics through the many restrictions which are put in the way of the British by the operation of the war with Russia. The general condition of the operative population in this district appears to be gradually improving, more work of all kinds being to be obtained by those who seek for it. Still, the number of poor in almost every manufacturing parish is larger than at this time last year. The overseers of the poor of the township of Leeds have just determined upon a poor rate of 8s. Si. in the pound for the ensuing year, which is is, in the pound more than was found to suffice for the parochial year just closing. Leicester, Hay 19. The demand of hosiery for the home market continues depressed, and numbers of operatives are out of employment. For the export trade, however, there is more doing this week. There have been a few small orders for the Government, which have rendered business a little more brisk. The shipping trade, although a shade improved, is still considerably below an average. ( The wool and yarn markets remain firm, with an upward tendency. The probability of present prices being kept up has led some of the wholesale houses to attempt to purchase goods below the market value for the purpose of placing order for the autumn trade. The stocks of goods on hand are limited. Nottingham, Hay 19 -We have had but little change to report in the hosiery trade this week. A few American orders which have arrived here since our last report, although not of any magnitude, indicate an improving business and a return of confidence on the other side of the Atlantic The home trade is still remarkably dull, which we believe is principally owing to the unseasonably cold and dull weather that has prevailed until the last three days. The least change in this respect for the better immediately affects the market, and will do so this season, OF stocks in the hands of the wholesale houses are very low, and their purchases are barely sufficient to supply present wants. The rise at Liverpool in the value of cotton has necessitated an advance of 6d, per bundle in the price of yarn, which is firmly acted upon. Circular and Sutton goods, which during the last few months have been selling at so low a rate, must now advance with the raw material, some of those who have robbed their stock off recklessly having failed, and the rest having exhausted their supplies. These irregular sales having now quite ceased, and the price of cotton advanced, the trade can no longer be carried on at a loss, as has been the case for some months past. At present goods are at their very lowest point, but any change that ensues must have a tendency to raise prices. Contributions of hosiery from Nottingham to the Paris Exhibition have greatly astonished the F each manufacturers. They can scarcely believe that the goods can be manufactured and sold for the prices at which they are marked. One of them, taking up a dozen marked If. 25c, said to the gentleman in charge of the stock, "I suppose this is the price per pair f" Upon being informed that the dozen pairs could be sold in Paris for the money, were we allowed to import them, he fervently thanked God and the Emperor that they were prohibited. Our hosiery manufactures of every description are well represented by Messrs. Hine, Mundella, and Co., and Messrs. Pelley, Hurst, and Co., who, we trust, will be able to convince the mass of the French people of the advantage they would derive by opening their markets to our manufactures. LIVERPOOL WOOL MARKET, MAY 19. Foreign wool continues in steady demand, but the transactions are to some extent limited by the smallness of stocks, and, consequently, prices have still a tendency to advance. There has not been much to report in Scotch wool, the chief demand being for Cheviot, and also for white Highland and good cross, which are saleable at full rates. IMPORTS FOR THE WEEK ENDING MAY 19. Bales Foreign. 3,730 Previously .- 37,653 Total . 41,583 I Scotch .... , 6 previously . 1,189 total 1,195 I Belfast, May 18. Linedale the general working of the linen manufacture quietness is still the chief ohuraoierUiio. Foreign (drives an more satisfactory. Stocks in second hand at the leading ports of the United States are at length down to an ordinary bulk, and as the markets there have for some months past been largely supplied with goods hence, we hope to hear of improved prices soon following in the wake of Improved demand. The amount of ex- port- from this of entry continues comparatively low, but it is pretty certain that the real profit of the lessened average of 1815 will exceed that of the high estimate for 1854 Merran less severely du. ing the last season by the failure of their clients ; the losses, however, which fell on the manufacturing community, in consequence of goods having been sold at rates far under cost prices, considerably exceeded all the de- falcations of tumbling debtors, small, therefore, as business transactions have been since the commencement of the year, and bare as were the profits, the results of that narrow amount of trade will tell much more satisFactory than the extended sales made in the earlier portion of luBt H a on. The quantity of linen finished at the large bleaohflclds is fully equal to recent averages. White goods have run up to some considerable extent. Prospects, however, are much better than they have been since the end of July last. Brown goods are not easily Gloved, and as holders are generally averse to making any further concessions, the amount of sales is necessarily limited. Billy mona market, on Saturday, was in that peculiar position usually seen at all seats of sale when there is a probability of change in the demand or value of any particular commodity. Turns are the turn better. Short time movements at the mills, and a moderate moving off of bundles at the warehouse s, have kept stacks in a very healthy state, and were that gigantic night- mare, the war, not pressing on the national trate and the national Industry, flax spinners would stand pretty well in their own and their bankers' ledgers. The latest advices which we have received from New York are to the 21st of May. We yesterday published a short memorandum in reference to the state of the money market. From the New York Herald of the above date we take additional extracts : Nothing of importance has occurred in the stock market during the past week. Prices current at the close yesterday were a fraction or so lower than at the close of the previous week, but they had in the meantime be a considerable higher, and the fluctuations consequently more violent. The large shipments of specie have attracted some attention, but our supplies have been well kept up? by arrivals from California and receipts from other sections or the country. Notwithstanding the active exporta- tion, the banks will not show in their next weekly report much diminution in their spare department. Our money market con- linen is abundantly supplied with capital as at any time tUa so son, and the banks find it difficult to employ all their meant. No change has taken place in commercial affairs. The same dulness exists. We do not look for much change until the character of the harvests is determined. Everything on this side of the Atlantic depends upon our next crop. The prospect at present is favourable all that could be desired and even with a partial failure the yield must be very great on account of the additional amount of land put under cultivation. Advices just received from England make it still more important that our crops of grain should be over abundant. With short crops in England, and the principal sources of supply cut off or shut up, the United States must be looked to for any deficiency that may exist. We want, therefore, full wraps, for every bushel of grain we can spare will be wanted on the other side of the Atlantic With a good crop of grain we of in soon in the current of gold to our shores, and put a stop to this drain upon our stock of bullion for the means to pay up English loans and to carry on the war. It will not be optional with the people of England to take our breadstuffs) or not. They will have no choice about it, and payment must be made in the gold they have been draining from us so steadily for so many years. The wise t course for business men on this side of the Atlantic to pursue, is to govern their movements by the prospects of the season relative to the harvests. Full harvests must at once give a great impetus to the consumption of all kinds of merchandise. It will give an impulse to every branch of Industry, and put once more in motion all the machinery of commerce. For about two years course ion has been going on universally. All are now out of debt, and out of almost everything else. The country, therefore, at large, can absorb an immense amount of merchandise, and it will do so as soon as the means for payment are safely in hand. Under ordinary circumstances a full crop is not a matter of so much consequence, but at present everything hinges upon it, and the season as It progresses will be watched with a great deal of anxiety. It would be well enough for the brokers in Wall-street to keep an eye on the weather, and be governed by their operations by sunshine or rain. The longs and shorts of the Stock Exchange will be vitally affected by the result. The longs have the best look at present, and altogether stand much the best chance; but June and July may help along the shorts amazingly, and give them the prize at the end. We have within our own limits the great regulator of the finances of the world. We need not look to the London Stock Exchange, or the Paris Bourse, or to Bob stopped, for influences to regulate our financial barometer. We hold the regulator in our own hands, or rather shall if our grain harvests prove abundant, and will be in a position to dictate instead of being dictated to. We have played second fl Idle to the debt ridden, tax- ridden nations of Europe long enough, and we should avail ourselves of the opportunities; the present war will present to relieve ourselves from the position we have so long occupied. With the raw m Muriel sufficient to feed and clothe all Europe-at peace with the world out of debt, publicly and Privately- with light taxes-with a people actively engaged in the most productive industrial pursuits-with fewer drones in the hive than perhaps any other nation on the face of the earth with. In fact, natural resources unsurpassed, and sources of wealth of the greatest magnitude, there is no reason in the world why we should not control the finances, at least of our own county and free ourselves from the thraldom of foreign capitalists. The annexed statement exhibits a movement of operate larger than ever before known in the same time. Shipment of specie from the Port of New York. Dollars. Steamer Atlantic, Liverpool, goldooln.1,051,800 00 Ditto ditto ditto Ingots. 810,911 SE Ditto ditto ditto. Eng. silver. 1,028 20 Ditto ditto ditto. Ditto gold. 67 36 Brig Tornado, Jacmel...Am. gold. 1,500 0s Steamship Herman, Bremen Ditto ditto. 94,014 SO Ditto Ariel, Havre Ditto ditto. 98,500 09 Ditto ditto ditto. Gold bars. 41,428 50 Ditto ditto ditto. Francs. 400 500 Total for the week.2,130,249 66 Previously.9,867,070 00 ' Total for 1888. 11,4*71810 69 The following is the return of the Customs revenue for the port of Melbourne for the week ending the 11th instant : Articles. Quantity. ' Duty. Brandy . 10,869 gallons ... 2585 1 1 Rum . 8,160 " .;. 1,580 left Qln. 8,708 " ... 1914-18 or Whiskey . 8,108 1,050 4-8 Cordials . 18, 8 7 6 Perfumed spirits 6 " . ... ISO Other spirits ... 132 " ... 61 14 Sugar . 3,580 cwt. ... 774 0 10 Wine. 1,868 gallons ... 138 13 0 Beer. 83,677 " ... 816 18 6 Cider . 118 " ... * 16 8 Tea " . 20,572 lbs. ... 813 6 0 Coffee . '6,955 " ... 567 S Tobacco and snuff... 23.845 " ... 3,884 11 3 Cigars '. 4,441 ,, ... 666 5 8 Gold .... ... 82,397 ounces ... 4,049 11 8 Total duties . _ ... £19,148 17 10 Tonnage." ... 387 15 0 Other moneys, viz., register fees. 0 6 6 Total revenue ... 219,881 18 10 Pilotage due to Pilot Board... .... £558 3 . Passenger rate due to Immigration Board 1943 6 From Mr. W. Clarke's Melbourne Gold Circular, of the 17th instant, we take the following : During the week the price of gold has been without alteration, and £3 16s. 9d. has been the selling price ; the supply not quite so large as last week. We have again heard of several persons losing handsomely by their quartz crushing speculations, one party after having expended £5000 in machinery has not been able to work it properly or profitably ; this results from inexperience and want of knowledge in that essential part-the proper amalgamation of the gold contained in the quartz. There can be no doubt that the quartz in this country is exceedingly rich, so rich indeed as in many instances to pay very well to parties working by hand, but It is folly to suppose that all quartz is equally rich. The yield from Bendigo is very much increased by the quartz workings, and we believe that very few places in the colony are equal to it for auriferous quartz ; some very large sums have been made there, and one instance may be stated in which a party working a claim had made, and are still getting, about £500 per week. The escorts from Beechworth and Mount Alexander have arrived during the week with about 40,000 ounces of gold. The following is from Messrs. Ball and Co wife's Adelaide mercantile report of the 9th instant The quiet tone of the wheat and flour market noticed last week has been the chief characteristic the present one, and in the absence of any intelligence from Melbourne since the White Swan's advices, received last Saturday week, exporters have held aloof from buying. Wheat is easier to buy, millers not going to increase their stocks on hand faster than the flour moves off. In branches of favourite brands there has been a good business done since the publication of the quarterly gazetted returns of stock in bond, showing as they do that the imports have not kept pace with the deliveries both here and in Melbourne, and an advance of 3 s per gallon has been established. The timber market remains inactive, the sales to the trade being difficult to make at the quoted prices. In all descriptions else of imported goods trade continues very dull, owing in a measure to the abridgment of money facilities, which are not so easily obtained as they were some time back. Coasters and colonial craft excepted, we have had no ships reported inwards this week. To-day an adjourned half-yearly general meeting of the shareholders in the Turon Golden Ridge Crushing Company was held at the Royal Hotel, for the purpose of considering, confirm- ing, and carrying into effect the resolution of the last special meeting of the shareholders, held on the 23rd of May last, for the dissolution of the Company. Mr. Ambrose Foss presided. The report of the Directors will be found in another column, together with a memorandum of the proceedings. On the motion of Mr. Samuel Raymond, it was agreed, " That the Company be dissolved, and the assets, when realised, divided as follows amongst the proprietors namely, to the holders of the 4000 shares allotted to the original dis- coverers, on the first formation of the company, in proportion to twenty shillings per share to holders of the 6,000 original shares possessed by the first members of the Company, in proportion to five shillings per share, being the sum paid on them; and on the 12,554 shareholders allotted to new members, on the extension of the Company, in proportion to twenty shillings per share, being the amount paid thereon." 