$$£ SnlL'MNU NKWS. BOBART TOWN. ARRIVALS. " October 10th-Fenclla, steamer, 100, MoLaohlan, Launceston andEnst Const, general. ' ENTERED OUT. Octobor 11th. - Macquarie, schooner, 130, Dodd, Tort Albert 11th«.-Native Lass, schooner, 110, Blacklock, Port Fairy. lltli.-Freak, schooner, Ot, Iloggart, Adelaide. CLEARED OUT, October 10th-Abbey, schooner, 99, Ledwell, New- castle, Now South .Wales, ballast. Cabin-Mr,, Gilles. , " »\ v' October 11th.- Retiievcr, brig, 111, Archer, Two- fold Bay, ballast. DEPARTURES. October 10th Fice Trader, schooner, 149, Thom, Twofold Bay, ballast. 11th-Retiievcr, biig, 111, Aichci, Twofold Bay( ballast. lltli-Abbev, schooner, 9a, Ledwell, Newcastle, Now South Wales, ballast. *" IMPORI& Mary Grant, Newcastle, Now South Walos-200 tons coal, McPhcrson & Co. Fonella, Launceston-158 coils lopo, Kerr, Bogle & Co. ; 10 casos machinery, J. Davis; two tiunks diapeiy, Yates; 4 do do, Smailliwn; 1 do do, Fulton. EXPORT.«. City of Hobart, Molboui lie-872 b^s potatoes, II. Lipscombe; 101 b\s apples, 199 ess E. gin, 8 ¿ es1« do, 8 csks spirits of wino, 198 ess gin, G-. Wilso» ; 2 ess drapoiy, Stevenson & Sons; CO bgs potatoes, Ken1, Bogle & Co. ; 193 do, T. D. Chapman & Co. ; 2 ti units boots and shoes, C. Ward; 273 bgs oat3, 200 do potatoes, J. Pork ; 2 ess drapeiy, Harcorn t & Co.; 131 bgs potatoes, Ii. Peake; 10 bgs cairota, 71 do potatoes, 1 cs fi uit, G. and J. ^Johnson ; 20 tons potatoes, 23-} csks E. gin, Maning Biothcis; 1 cs hams and bacon, 1 pkg do, VV. Knight; 45 pkgs boots and shoes, R. Lewis & Sons ; 23 pkgs di apery, ,S. Moses & Co. ; GO hhds beer, J. A. Corrio ; 1 cs . jiertmoniiaics, Casper & Wolff. The Pirate, steamer, made a tiial tiip yesterday, as far as Pig Island, with one of Hamilton's Tasma- nian screw piopelleis; the result shows that it must be incicnsed in si/.o and extent of pi tell, so as to give it moie hold in the water, mid thus prevent the engine fiom causing it to i evolve too rapidly. The Titania, on her last trip fiom the Moiscy, towed the Queen of the Isles to ¡sea from tlint port, bound to Port Fairy with a cargo ol' umber.-Cornwall Chro- nicle. "WEEKLY RETOKNS of Vessels and Passengers arrived, und of Vessels Cleared Outwaids at the Port of Melbourne, from September 28 to Octobcv 4 in- clusive : Number of vessels arrived, 31- viz. : l8 from Australasian colonies 6 from United Kingdom ; 2 fiom British Colonies; 1 fiom China; 1 fiom'San Francisco ; 3 from Valparaiso. Tonnage of the above -Intor-colouial, 4242 tons ; British, 7257 tons; British Colonial, 812 tom,; Fo- reign, 2630 tons. Aggregate, 14,941 tons. Passengers by the above, 1954-viz.: 145 cabin and 1809 intermediato and steerage ; of whom were, from neighbouring colonies, 85 cabin and 322 inter mediate, &c.; ; from the United Kingdom, 42 cabin and 577 intermediate, &c.; ; from colonial and foreign ports, l8 cabin and 910 Chinese. Number of Vessels cleared outwards. 24-vi/.. : 14 for Australasian ports ; 3 for United Kingdom ; 1 for British colony; 6 for foreign ports. Tonnage of the above :-Inter-colonial, 3057 tons ; British, 2793 tons ; British colonial, 317 tons ; foreign, 2172 tons. Aggregate, 1339 tons. Tho Hilton has mado a very fair passage of 95 days from Southampton. Captain Thomas reports having spoken the ship Shackmaxon, from Liverpool, bound to Melbourne, on the 1st August, in latitude 30* S., longitude 35" W. The Hilton bratgs to this port 457 Government immigrants, who arc thus classified:-99 single men, 140 single women, 37 married couples, and 59 childi cn. Four deaths (allinfants), and three births Imve ocemred during tbe passage. About one-half of the immi- grants are Irish", and the remainder English and Scotch. The immigiants speak in high terms of the captain and surgeon.-Sydney Herald, Oet. 3. The Sea Bird is from Manila, June 27th. Captain Winter reports the Caroline, and Young Forest, as having left that port for Sydney four days before him. The Young Forest was afterwards passed by the Sea Bird in the Straits of Balladina.-Sydney Herald, October 3. ¡Stranding ofthe Lucio Maria.--This ship was seen from the Semaphore, Lefcvrq's Peninsula, on Wed- nesday evening, but on Thui&day; morning appealed far away to the westwaid. The captain répons that the weather being very hazy at the time, she fan 14 milos beyond the lightship, and uufm tunately grounded at high watei on tho Gawler Flats, four miles from t>hoie. From the portion of the ship at present the lightship bears S.E. by S., distance six- teen milos. She is now on a perfectly lovel and sandy bottom, with anchor astern. Her draught of water is l8 feet, and our îepoiter had been about an hour on boaid when she gave a list to starboiud. Then Mr. Freer, the pilot, who boauled lier, assumed charge of the ship, and immediately gave orders for her top- gallant yin ds to bo sent down, and adopted every precaution that _ an able and efficient officer could use. It isthe opinion of Mr. Freer that should a gale net in from S.W. or S., there 'would be very little el Anee of getting her afloat again, unless imme- diate steps be taken to lighten her. Tho Lucie Maria was here two yeal s ago, when the picscnt captain was chief officei.- S. A. Jiegitler. The Cecropa-This ship ai rived hoio yesterday, having left Batavia on the loth August. She sailed from Geelong on the 24th Juno, clcaied Torres Stiaits on the 14th day out, and has only been absent fiom Geelong three months and live days, having taken on board a very large cargo at batavia for' this port. Captain Boysen reports the brig luellan! mid Wil- liam, hence, as arriving at lîativia on the 13th August" The Chailotto, hence, had also arrived there. The Damariis, schooner, sailed for this port on the 7th of August. The Diana, AUO for this port, was to sail on the 22nd August. Captain Bpyson states that on the 6th July, during the passage fiom Geelong to Batavia, he saw a small brig ashoro on tho rock north of Raine's Island, in Tones Straits ; she appeared to have only just got on, having masts standing; all the sails fin led, except the foiesail, and Lad four signals flying, but they could not be dis- tinctly seen from the ship, and having got to leeward befoie they saw tho brig, could not again beat back. Another brig was also seen ashore on the same day to the southward of Raine's Island, but her masts were gone, and she appealed to be a total wieck. No vessek have been spoken by the Ceciops on the p is sage.-Sydney Herald, Oet. 1. The Marmora, from Auckland, îepoits the ship Moichantmnn from London, hnving on board Colonel Gore Brown, tho Governor of New Zealand, as having arrived previous to her sailing. The ship Egmont, from London, had also arrived. Tho. natives were quiet at Taranaki.-Ibid. The Unknown is 30 days from Vavau (Friendly Island«) ; she reports the arrival of the Venus, hence, 27 clays out. The Maria (American whaler) was also sp ijcen in latitude 9° S., longitude 160° W., with 700 barrels oil, and wished to be reported. The Unknown is bonnd to Melbourne, and lias put in here through stress of woathor.-The Siam, French ship, the first vessel loaded at this port by Mr. Noufflard, arrived at Havre in 98 days from*''Sydney.-The L'Adele, Hanoverian vessel, was loading at Antwcip for Sydney, and was to leave from the }5th to 20th July.-Captain Brigstock, of the - brig Richard and William, which arrived at, Batavia on the 13th Aigu6t, reported jo Captain Chilcott that be saw a large ship strike and capsize on the'detached reef off Same's Island. Tho Richard and William,waa sail- ing in her wake', and ar-sooh as the Captain saw her strike, he had just time to alter his course, and luck- ily hit the right channel.- Sydney''Hervid, Oet 3. The ¿Sydney Herald says-Tb» City cf Sydney left Port Phillip Heads on Thursday at « a.m., and arrived at Sydney on Saturday at 4 p.m."The follow.»« Mp» are reported by the Don Pedro; from Hobart Town, as having been totally lost. on Swan Island :-Tlie barque' Belle Creole, brig Jane Anderson, and the schooner Bad Rover-crews saved. Passed the A.S.N. ?' Company"» steamer Telegraph tare» miles S.W. of Capo Howo, at 1 y.m. on Friday, and samo day at I 3.30 p.m. the Hellespont (s.); signalled tho ship Sea Bird off Green Cape. The Company's steamer Wonga Wonga arrived at Melbourno on'Tuesday at 11.15 a.m. j and the mail ship Ben Nevis, at tho Port Phillip Heads late on Wednesday; she 'ixnenciioed fine wea- ther dining the passage. Tlieimnvwifteket by the Champion of the Scab lor Sydney consign oVfjl bags ami 4 boxes. Captain ¡Moodie, with his nsuoT atten- tion, ftmiihiicd us with English papers lo 5th Jill}'. | The crow and pisscuguis ni the Helle Gi cole ware taken by the Sword Fish fruin Kwnn Island to Gee- long, as mentioned in tho Courier ol' the 5th instaut.J \- LOSS OF THE STEAMER IMIONIX: " * CAPTAIN CHILCOTT, la!o commander of the above vessel, aviivud hore last evening, by the Danish ship Cccrmis, irom Batavia. Wo have obtained from bim the following particulars concerning her loas :-Tho Thesnix lett this poit for Singapoio on the 23rd of June last, Laving on bouid five cabin passeiigors, and a large English mail. She was doing very well until the 8th ol' July, « hen she struck ou a detached reef off Ipili Rocks, in the Prince of Wales Channel, situate on the west end of Toi res Straits. The crew and passengers remained on tho wreck fur about four hours, when tlioy wore taken off by the Danish ship Coerops, Captain Biyscii, from, Melbourne bound to Batavia, whieh was passing through Turres Straits at the time, and conveyed thuin all safuly to the latter port, whefe they arrived on the 29th July. Tho mails were also taken to Batavia, and forwarded from that port to Singapore. The chief engineer, and also two of the crew, have arrived hereby the Coerops. 'Die chiof officer, second engineer, and steward, sailed from Batavia fir Sydney in the schooner Damarris, which sailed eight days before tho Coerops. Tho passengers, consisting of Mr. Alexander Campbell, Captain and Mrs. Don, Colonel Jacobs (Uombay Army), and Mr. C.,W. Keele, were safely landi-dat Bat i via. The Phoenix wa«, the pio perty of Messrs. Towns and Darley, «and is, wo believe, fully insured.-Sydney Herald, October 1. MAIiKKTS". MI:LHOUHNI2, 4TII OCTOBER. Crain und I1 lorn:-Dight's Mills.- Ilaxoll flour £41 per ton; Chilian *34 ditto; bran 2s. 3d. per btiühol ; wheat bought at Ms. per bushel. W. Degraves and Co.'s Mills.-Fine flour £33 per ton ; seconds £34 ditto ; Chilian £35 ; liaxiill and Gallego £-10;- bran 2s. Gd. por bushel ; wheat bought at 14s. per bushel. Fulton and Smith's Mill«,-Mill stopped for the present. Wheat bought at from 15s. to His. Hay.-There is no chaiige in the 'hay maikot. Trade is excessivoly dull, and all attempts at iinpiove ment in pnces ai o kept down by tho fear ol' heavy importations fioin Geelong. To-day's quotations aie as follows :-Best trussed hay £14 .to £15 per ton ; second quality ditto £12 10<î. to £13 10s. ditto ; straw £0 to £8 ditto. The' rise of 20s. por ton on the best quality of hay has, with slight intermissions, been maintained; but we have been ovoistocked with a sort of grassy rubbish, for which wo have been glad to take almost any prica"that was oft'oicd. The fol- lowing aie about fair quotations:-Best hay, well trussed, £14 10s. to £15; second class £11 to £13 ditto; inferior £7 to £9 ditto; straw £8 ditto. SYDNEY MARKETS-FIIMAY, Sept. 20. The Mills.-Mebsrs. Barker & Co. :-¿There is no alteration to note since last report. Fiice.s are kept down hy the anticipation of further importations îe ported to bo on tho wav. Fine flour £35, second qunlity £33 per ton of 2000 lb". Wheat nominal ; bran 2s. Gd. per bushel. Mr. Breillat: The maikot remains much the same as notice'd last week. There is no alteration in price, but sales aie confined to small quantities for immediate consumption, Fine flour £35, seconds £32 per ton, for cash only. Bran 2s. 6d. per bushel, a cssr.s. Furlong and Kennedy : - No change in prices has taken jihce since last report; there is, however, no disposition to sell but to supply the immediate necessities of the trade, l^ine fljur £35, seconds £ 13 per ton ; bran 2s, Gd. por bushel.' Barrel Flour- Gallego and Haxall biuuds, 80s. per barrel: Bread. -8d. the 21b. loaf.- Herald. COMMERCIAL. Messrs Worlcy and Frodsh.im sold yesterday at O'Brien's Bridgo, nineteen building allotments ; frontage to the main road 30 feot, depth 140. The whole produced £390. There has-been a considerable riso in the flour maiket at Adelaide, says the correspondent to the Argus, owiilj* to no' shipments having as yet anived fiom America. Flour has got up as high as £48, and some fear that it will again touch £50. Pot Hoes ure at £21. Melbourne, Friday. The gold market remains at £3 15s. to sellers. Entries were passed to-day for-117i ouneos, of which 70 ounces ¡ue for Liverpool, 33J for'Sydney, uno 12 ounces for Mauritius. The Customs' lovenuo for the past month is now made up, and shows aii'improvement'over tho average monthly leturus for the current year. The amount is £90,657 9s. lOd. The arrivals for the past week have included MX large vessels from the United Kingdom, and seven from foreign and distant colonial ports. Upwards of 900 Chinese have ariivod within the week. The passenger duty of £5 per hold comes into~opo ration, wo believe, next week. Tho flour trade, although in a very unsettled state, ramil ins without alteration : Chilian selling at £34, and colonial and Ilaxall at £12. The quantity of Chilian flour known to bonn the way, or in course of shipment, is about 55 0 tons ; but stocks aio evidently large, and speculative ship- ments having commenced, it is quite unoortain what quantity may reach us within the next three months, ' it is repn-tcd that tile price has advanced in the Chilian ports norn 50 to 80 per cent., owing to the operations for Australia. The Customs' Bill of Entry for tho week ended on Saturday last gives the estimated amount of im- ports as £211,751; and of exports, £109,907. For Geelong, the return is-linpoits, £15,970. Exports, £."i55. Of the Melbourne imports, tho valuo of breadstuuV and other articles of. food (exclusive of gioeeriosi, is £93,079 ; and of horse and cattlo pi «vender, £18,477. ' The gold exported for the week was 113,641 ounces, of which the binlts shipped 83,313 ounces, and the Chinese 8829 ounces.-Melbourne Morning Herald. STOKE?, Tuesday Evening, Oct. 2. ' We bavo still to report prevailing dulness in our chiof markets of commerce. In sales of re ii property prices generally aro fully sustained. To-day Messrs. Mort & Co. offered the Horniiignca Estate, 500 acres, fivo milos from Liver- pool, with improvements, for £1500. A portion of the Burwood Estate, comprising If acres, £70. Soino .fauns at Bankstown, 55s. to 60s. per acre. ' ' After tho public sale, 119 acres on the Manning River were sold by the same firm at £4 per acre. The arrivals to-day arc the Sea Bird from Manila, with 18,800 bags sugir, 400 cases cigars, 125 .tons coffee, 20 tons cordage. Dait from Timor, with 4000 bags maize. Hilton from Southampton, with 457 immigrants, and as cargo, 55 > casks 293 hogs- heads beer, 20 puncheons, 20 hogsheads rum, 24 hogsheads, 3 butts wine, 25 cases champagne, and sundry packages of merchandise. -Herald. 