New Advertisements. APPLES, 50 Bushels, ox City of Hobart, very superior, Whittingham Brother«, m Film oeia-street. 435 ' BA a°fA1.^-A p,Dtent Weighing Machine and a Set ol Grocers' Coniston. 110 Quctn-street. 390 BRANDY, Dark, in HhdB., do. in Cases. W. _Gardiner, 87 Collin a-street weBt._ 170 BIlA,NDY.-Clouzeau'a on Sale. W. Gardiner, 87 Collins.atreet west. 167 BRAN.-2000 Bushels on Sole. W. Gardiner, 87. CoUins-Btreet west. 168 BARGE Caledonia for Sale, well found, in good repair, lately had a new bottom. Inquire on Board, at the Falla._ 154 ALTIO Flooring, 0 x 1J x ÏTaxd x ï. Edmund Westby and Co. 150 OOTS -Do you Want Boots ? Go to Skardon'*! _112 Bourke-street east. 317 BOOTS, Ladies' Cashmere, 2s. Od. pair; very beat do., 7a. 6d. Skardon'B._ | 318 BOOTS.-French Calf Wellingtons, 12s. Od.; large sizes, 10B. 6d. Skardon'B._340 OOTS.- Men's Cnlf Button Boots, 12B. Od. Bkardon's, 112 Bourke. Btrcet east._350 BOOTS -Men'a Bluchers, 5s. 6d, ; superior do, 7s. Od. Skardon'B. « 351 BOOTS, Elastic, Lacing, and Button Shoe?, less than English price. 112 Bourke.street fast._352 COLZA OIL, guaranteed best quality, los. 0d.' ,T . per gallon. 7 King-street, back Mercantile Hotel._620 mar 3 ÂSË BRANDY and Currants on Sale, Bat Herring and White's, Flindcrs-strcet weBt,' _202 CEMENT,-Cement, warranted good nnd sound, *J Clieap. Miller and Macquistnn, 101 WiUinm Btre'et. _241 ED AR TUIINERY. a superior; assortment on Sale, cheap. MiUor and Macqulsttn, 101 William-BÍreet._242 COALS of Superior Quality dehvered by John Cooper, 87 Collins-street west, next Clarendon, Hotel. _311 DEALS.-1200 best quality Rod Baltlo Deal?; 0 x 3, on Sale. Apply Treuesein, Bertheau and Co., 30 Flinders-lane east,'_202 TJiLAGS at Reduced Prices. Mrs. Flower, Flag« X) maker to his Excellency, Ac, 42 Bourke« street east._,_143 IILTERS, 10a,, 15s., and 20s, each. Address Filter, office of this paper. 248 mar 2 IURNITURE and Bedding Zino and Wira Blinds m ado to order at 114 Russell-street. 450 HINGES.-All sizes cheap at Smith's, Grocer,1 Government Road, corner Lennox-street,' Riohmond. 15 H OPS on Sale. Joseph Taylor, 97 Collins .street; west, 360 HOUSE for Sale at St. Kildo, Three Miles Iront Melbourne, containing 7 rooms, hall, de« Inched kitchen, store room, two servants' rooms,' with large yard. 'Overlooks the bay, and about flvo minutes' walk from the beach. Apply to Mr. Best,' chemist, Moore.street, Collingwood. 46 mar 1 I" RUN Columns and Skylighta for Sale. Apply Benjamin JnrviB, builder, back Buokley ana Runn's, Bourke-street. 470 feb 27 JOINERS' WORK.-English and American En« trance, Parlor nnd Bedroom Dcors, assorted," at Edmund Westby and Co.'s. 161 JOINERS' WORK.-EnRlish-made Sashes, with frame?, lines, and weights, assorted. Edmund Westby and Co. _140 JOINERS' WORK.-EngliBh prepared Moulding and Cornices, from li to 10 inches. Edmund .Westby and Co._147 LAND. Land.-Land almoBt given away : tho Proprietor leaving the Colony. 07 Elizabeth street. 210 LAND.-You have now an opportunity ofbeoom« ing an independent Freeholder, for a mero trifle._211 LAND-the (best Investment you can make ia the Colony. Go to 67 Eliznbeth-Btreet. 212JM LAND is not Sold in less quantity than BlookS" of Sixteen Allotments. 67 Elizabeth-afreet. _213 LAND.-Small Farms and market Gardens. The most lucrative employment in the oolony for Bew arrivals._214 LAND, Ten Mile? from Melbourne, less than half the Government upset price. 67 Eliza- beth-street;_215 LAM P - OIL, beantil ul qu nitty. T. Craig, whole Sale and retail ironmonger, 24 Bourke-street fast._400 ELBOURNE DIRECTORY for 18J5 is this day published, 8vo., bound and lettered. M »rice 10s., with Map of Melbourne, corrected, and Codo of Sianals. Contents inoludc Street Direc- tory, General Directory, TradoB and Professional Directory, Public Companies and Societies, ConBU« lates, Publio Departments, Ac, Military and Haval, Signal Stations, Corporation oi Melbourne, Eoo'eBiaationl.'Ao. JAMES J. BLUNDELL and CO., 44 Collins." street west 384 MONEY to Lend, in Small Suma, on Freehold Seourity. Mr. Burton, solicitor, Hnll of Commerce. _____378 OATS, Bran, Potatoes, Onions, Apples, from Van Diemen'a Land, on Sale by Pigott Brothers and Co., 104 CoUlns-atreotweBt. 324 ON SALE, at the Timber Yard, 92 Lonsdale street weat :-St. John's yellow pine, in logs, planks and boards; cedar do. do.: aolid and out deala, joisttiig and quartering; flooring, lining and weather-boards; doors, sashes and oasements: duchess and counteaa alatos; cement; buBdera» ironmongery; joiners' toola; earth augurs ; bar- row wheels; and cast-steel shovols; paints, oils and putty. Miller and Macqulstan._253 ONIONS, 160 Bega, superior sample, ex City of Hobart. Whittingham Brothers, 91 FBndersi street._ 431 HINTING MACHINEB, Presses, Type, and Ma.' terialaofall kinda. Franklyn and Co., Ful, lon'a-ohambeip. 235 PAPER BAGS. llobinBon's paper warehouse, 39 Flindcr8-lane east . 114feb30 PRINTING CARDS.- Buperflno Double Small,' 11s, : Largo, 7s. od. ; Small, 6s, ; Thirds, 3a. Od. Mason, 0 King-street. 323 HINTING (Colored) CARDS.-Double Small, 18a.; Large, 14s.; Thirds, Os. per dozen. KaBon, 0 King-atrect. 339 PRINTING TYPE (Nonpareil and Brevier), very . low prices. London coat, Mason and Co.'a. King-street._ 330 APERHANGINGS less than English cost, 4d" 0d" and Od. Carter and Pelling, corner King and Lonsdale streetB. 302 PAPERHANGINGS.-Superior Goods la., Sa-' . tina, la. 3d., at Carter and PelBng'a, cornet King and Lonsdale streets._ 383 APERHANGINGS.-Splendid Goods la. 6d.: " l8. 9d.; Marblea, la. Od., Oaks, 2a" at Carter ana PelBng'a._ 364 PLOUGHS.-Scotch Iron Ploughs, cheap. T.' Craig, wholesale and retail ironmonger, 21 Bourke, street eaat. 401 PLATE GLASS, large size and superior quality, for Sale. G. W. Payne, Cambridge-atreet, Victoria-parade. _ 3gg . ,.,,,__ |0 commence hn»« SMALIi CapilllUHl.» -.».---" '."_!-.-"-?- I"7~J neas may licarof a party thoroughly u^Ual-ted with a manulaoturin« business of good profit. George James, office of this paper._407 SASHES, with Frames and Glass, "0. Cheapest in the oolony. Crawley's eaw-mHls, Bourke. Btrret weet._203 SPLENDED Opening for Auctioneera.-J. Hur roy, having commenced the business of Horse, salesman, in Bourke-street, is deairoua of dispoB. ing of his interest in the London Auction Mort, in Elizabeth-street. Early application ia requeated. STEAM-ENGINE, Ten horse-power, for 8ale,by Stitt, M'Gllvray, and Co., 20.Flindera-lano weat. _322 B LATES.-Dúchese, Countess, and Ladies Slates for Salo, Glover and Edwards, 72 Flindere street, west._313 SAUSAGE-SKINS, of superior quality, in kegs,' for Sale by NeweB, Hooper and ¡Stevens. TEAM-ENGINE,- Powerful Six to Ten horan complete, for Sale. Eranklyn and Co,, Ful. ton'a-cbambers._233 SHERRIES-Fine qualities, Hogsheads, Quar ter-caBks, and Octaves. Franklyn and Co., ; i Fulton'B.ohambers._ 234 SHEEP and Cattle, with right to Station, for Sale by private contract.-The Lake Bolaok Station, distant from Geelong 95 miles, capable o£ carrying 2600ahcep and 500 head of cattle. Thora ia at present depasturing on the Station, 24,090 to 25,000 sheen, also 500 head of cattlo ; about 5000 of Eheep aro fit for the butoher. The Station is well.' watered by a large lake in the centre of it, known aa Lake Bolaok, of about 5000 norcp. The improve- ments consist of a llrst-rato dwelling-house, aix. teen rooms, kitohen. atoro, aheds, coaoh-houao, «rasa paddock of 400 to 500 acres, poBt and rail fence, a number of out-stations, huts and hurdles, good wool-shed, every convenience for. cure of scab should it be required, marking place,' -in fact, every convenience for conducting a large For terms, (which are very liberal,) and further particulars, apply to DALMABOY CAMPBELL and CO., 34 Collins.streetweBt. 333 ST. JOHN'S Yellow Pine, in large lops, opened for approval, and cut to order. MUler and Macqulstan, 101 William, street. _243 TO be Sold, Goodwill together with, or without, Btock-in Trade of a lucrative and populir cEtabliBhcd lSusineee, in this city, standing nt n mc derate rent, showing tho booka of the last two years, and at the present timo £20 profit weekly, clear of all expenses. Ill health U19 only causa for dccUning business. Prico£l000. To persons desiring to commenoo, the present opportunity is one seldom to be met with, the ' seller being able to show most satisfactorily, through aoflolton» or otherwise, the fortune aoou 1 mnlated, and the cfrtninty of an increasing janalnesB. Address Omicron, office of this paper, 42a k_ " New Advertisement*. # Al AD OIL, in Quart Bottle«, 24i. per dozen. 7 King, street, back Mercantile Hotel. 5?5 mar 3 TIMBE H lof all descriptions on Bale, at Craw* ley's Bteam baw-mUls, Bourko-street west 290 cH-\r\f\ GALLONS beat Lamp Oil for Sale. Zi\J\J\J M'Meokan, Blaokwood and Co.,!» King-atreet._334 r)/"\ ¿~\f\r\ FKKT Deal Quartering on Sale, ¿\J)\J\J\J at Crawley's Saw-mills, Bourke Street weat._203 A/-\ f\r\i~\ FEET ixl], Flooring on Sale, yUrVJUU by Edward Crawley, Bourko Btreet weat._294 -íi~\r\ f\i~\f\ FEE Planed Lining Boards? HJvJ'V/ULf at 12a. per 100. E. Crawley'ff gaw-mUls, Bourke, street west, near King-street. _2fS f}(~\ r\á~\i I FEET 9 inch Lining Boards, ¿\J)\J\Jy/ at 12s. Crawlej's saw.mills, ]C3 Bourke-strcet west, near King-atreet. 290 KfiAAfi FEET 7 inch Deal Weather d\Jl\J\JyJ Boards, at 14s. Crawley'a saw- mills, 163 Bourke-strect weat, near King.Btreet 297 ROWNE M'DOUGAL and CO. have on Saie Port and sherry in bulk and case Demorara and Jamaica rum Booili's old Tom, in bulk and case Claret, hock, and Martoll's brandv in case Native and Plantation Ceylon coffee Grocers' paper, in bag», assorted Batty'B, Crusse and Blackwell'« and Why brow's oilmena' stores Wotherspoon's jama, jellies and Scotch marmalade Corks, sugar candy (white and colored), candlewick Flour sulphur, muk enlphur, tortario acid Carbonate soda, acidulated kali, essenoa lemon and oil sassafras Regatta shirts (boxed and dressed), twilled do Gray and white calicoes, Aberdeen knit half-hose Moleskin trousers, assorted invoices Blop. olotlilng; Christie's blaok silk and felt hats Corrugated galvanised iron Sheet zinc, aseo'ted gauges Milled lead, 4. 5 and 6 lbs Assorted invoices ironmongery. 61 Flinders.BtrcetweBt, opposite the Falls. 249 FOB 8U..D, ex Roderiok Dhu, 31 casca Glenfield starch, in 281b boxes. 10 cases men's bf st sprigged watertights, grained napoleons, deck boots, _o. Wire netting Tor poultry, wire fencing, garden chairs, gothio linkes, iron and wire archwayB, _c, complete, and in first rate order. GRAHAM, SANDS, and CO., 118 CoUina street weat._ 286 FOR Sole, oheap, Iron Stores, aa under: 1 iron store, corrugated painted iron, 80 icet Ion«, 30 fett wide, 12 feet high to caves, with a shop front ot German sheet plate glass, and patent cast iron pillars, which greatly lessens the ex- pense in the erection 1 iron (.tore, oorrugated iron, 70 feet long, 30 feet wide, 12 feet high to caves, lighted with three dome-lights at top. By JOHN K. POW, 7 Temple Court, Chancery lane. 315 FOR Sale, by the Undersigned, 310 acreB land, Upptr Plenty 95 do do Merrimu 30 do do Merriang 1C0 do do Point Lonsdale, near the township of Queenscliffe, very cheap 198 do do Mordialloc 158 do do Corrinella, coal land 0 do do Dandenong 80 do do Nunawading, a few miles beyond the Richmond bridge 30 do do Woodend 0 do do suburban, Bush Inn, Gis. borne 80 do do Elphinstone 10 do do Mulgrave 10 do do township of Albion 95 do do Tarneit 10 do do Cranbourno 50 do do 'Ballan 200 do do Gipps Land 12,000 do do Swan River 25a do do New Zealand At prices from 6s. per acre and upwards. Apply to HENRY DE CARf.E, land agent.Nenve'sbuilit ingg, Swanston and Collina atree-ts. 125 fíb 27Z TUfaT Landed, Musical Instruments, Ao.: Bows,bridgeB, pegs,4o. Horns Tamborines Pianofortes Clarionets Flutes Accordéons O Violoncellos Violins Strings Guitars Bufrles Cornopoons Metronomes Flutinaa Also a large assortment of the newest Musio. JAMES J. BLUNDELL and CO., 44 Collina. Btreet west._383 N Sale by the Undersigned : Boots and Shoes-Heath's London-made, watertights, Balmoral,HoldernesB,Cos saoks. Napoleons, women's kid,,to. Macintosh goods,from Chas. Macintosh and Co.'s.- Waterproof coats, in great va. licty; waterproof blankets, gig-aprons, hoots, overalls, air beds, and a variety of fanoy artioles in indiarubber. Soft Gooda.-Blankets, flannels, linena of every description, Bilks, ribbons, ¡¡.a. Twines.-Shop and sewing twines, ghoe. threads, Ac Books de-Murray's publications, Arrow smith's maps, ác. Perfumery.-Mixed, from Jean Marie Farina. WILLIAM NOALL, 30 Flindera-lane east. 126 feb 27 o N SALE, by the undersigned, - 500 bushels best Scotch oats 2000 do bra a 5 tonB oatmeal 200 do best Newcastle coal 1000 iron bark wheel spokes 1000 superior 3 and 4 bushels corn sacks G. D. GUTHRIE, 37 Flinders-lane east. 287 feb 28 O N Sale, just landed 2000 bushels Scotch oats 2000 do Danish do 1090 bushels bran 500 cases Geneva, key brand, in bond uvv bunco utuc ,u, no; ui.i 2009 gallons pure lamp oil 23 tonB Patna rice. MELCHIOR and CO., FBndera-lone west 437 O N Sale by the Undersigned, 800 cases Islay whiskey 500 do dark brandy 1000 do Geneva, key brand 100 do Madera and port wines 200 do pale ale 20 hilda, pale brandy 20 do Oemerara rum 30 butts sherry 20 hilda, do 20 quarter-oaskB do 20 Illida. Islay whiskey 44 quarter.caaka do 15 hilda. W. (. rum 5 puncheons do > 7 tons IriRh bacon . 300flrkinB white herrings 100 oases finest do 15 tons Patna rioc lo do London soap 1 E. F. SICHEL and CO., 55 Flindera-Btreet east. _ i no ON.Í »8tt1?'. b?_Ttl10 wdereigncdi Firat-ratc Assorted Invoices-^ Manchester -- - * ". . t .. auoas do ¡ . Bradford gooda do Glasgow goods do ! . nottingham goods do. i Hosiery Sewing siiua, assorted oolora Sewings Irish linen Lawn handkerchief« Furniture prints Printed jaconets Blanketa Tartan checks Woollen checka, ior jumper« Bankers'acales Weighing machines and Beales Nalia Soda crystals : Milner'a snfea CorroBlve sublimate ? Clioquot'B ohampagne, direct from the grower Hock Sheeting, 60 in. and 11 in. T. BEHRENS, 113 FUnders-lano west, late Levien and bteinitz's._i 210 ON Sale at the Stores of the Undersignoi: Allsopp's bottled ale Guinness'satout Faints-nil colors ] Heath and and birch brooms Soap-Thomas, Fripp and ThomaB.BristoI Harnees, small invoice. i MILES, KINGTON and CO., 82 King-street. _285_ ON SALE Raspberry vinegar Scidlltz powders Kali Champaane and anisette Men's, boya', and children's olothing Boats, oilskins, Ac, Stationery PATON, GRANT, and CO., 121 King-street. _'_? 1430 ON SALE by the Undersigned, 10 tons Patna rice 50 cases Feast's bottled fruits , Brandy in bulk and oases, in bond Geneva in cases in bond . 8\. StrakoBoh and Co., Flinders-lane west, cor« ner of Bond, Btreet._, 180 ON Salo by the Undersigned, - Marctt'B brandy, pale and dark, hiids., in bond i Burkina's do., 1 doz. oases, in bond Dunkins'a claret, in 1 doz, cases Lanson's ohampagne, in 1 doz. cases ' Henkell's hock, sparkling and still, in 1 doz coses i M.M. Mora and Martinez's sherry, in 1 and 2 doz. cases Martinez's port, in 1 doz. cases The above are all first-class, and in the finest condition. . I HORTON, THOMPSON and CO., importers, 149 Flinders.lanewest. _*90 ÎURNITUttE and Bedding in great variety. Atkins and Tayler, Bourke-street, nearly opposite Labor Market. °> 487 L 1 New Advertisements. A PERSON well acquainted with Grocery, with £120, wants a Share in some paying business, l>rocer, ofllce of this paper, 521 BOOKS Purchased, every description end con- dition. Bennett, second-hand bookseller, K5 Little Collins street east._415 BOTTLES-Wanted Half and Pint Oil Bottles Apply 7 King-street, baok Mercantile Hotel, _524 CONTRACTORS for Government and other' Works, arc informed the undersigned ia open to Contract for Roofing with Galvnnised Corru- gated Metal to any extent. John Carter, 109 Little Bourke.street west. 402 R. BOND, of Creswiok's Creek, if you do not fetch your luggage within fourteen dava from Mr. NevinB', ivy Cottage, the same will be sold to defray expenses._403 T/'AVORABLE Opportunity for Realising a For« J} tune.-Roynl George Hotel, situate in Hodg« fcn's Punt-road, Collingwood, inoluding a Five« roomed Stone House, with three-quarters of an ncre of Land, the whole ata rental of JK300 a year. Tho proprietor will guarantee a rent of £200 a yeer for the private house, which wUl leave tho hot el on £luo a year rent only. The hotol is doing a good business, is newly built, of stone, and contains 16 large rooms, out» houiep, io. For further particulars, apply to BEAR and SON, 60 Queen.street._ 3101 GLASGOW, Ship Meteor.-Alexander Cuthbert. -Letters for you at your iriends' in Geelong. Please write._ 3195 HI. O. H. F.-A full Dress Ball wiU take place . on Wednesdaj', February 28th, at Clarke's Hotel, Smith street, Collingwood. Master of Ceremonies, Mr. Denning. Tiokets to admit lady and gentleman, 10B. Od. Dancing to commence at nine._438feb27 LAMONT and CO.'S EBtato.-All claims on this" estate must be rendered to the undersigned on or beroro the 4th March inst,, prior to payment oi n dividend by the trustees. G. Handasydo, 31 Collins, street west. 447 MRS. PEEKS, instructress in Music and Sing- ing, receives Pupils atOOFlinders-BtreeteaBt, ___496 mars MEDICAL ATTENDANCE. POBTLAND.-Ap plioation8 wiU .be received until noon on Wednesday, tho 28th instant, from duly qualified practitioners willing to contract for Medical At tendance upon the immigrants in depot at Port- land, together with the necessary medicines, front the 15th March to the end of tho presen t year. The applications (sealed) to be marked, " Ten- der for Medical Attendance, &c;," and to be for- warded to the care of the Acting Immigration ¿gent, Melbourne. The applications are to naroo one sum for tho performance of the entire service. The decision of the Government will be mado In own on the sixth ftlaroh. Every information as to the'number of immi- grants expected, &c;, wiU bo given to persons ten dering, on application to the Immigration Office, in Melbourne, or to the Assistant Immigration Agont. Portland. Tho lowest or any tender will not nescssarily bo accepted. By His ExceUenoy'fl Command, WILLIAM C. HAINES; Colonial Secretary's Office, Welbourne, 12th February, 1855, 3020 fob 23 EDICAL ATTENDANCE, BELFAST.-Appli cationB will be received until noon on wed- nesday, the 2Sth instant, from duly quaHfled prao. titionera willing to contract for Medical Attend- ance upon the immigrants in depot to Belfast, to- gether with tho necessary medicines, from tha l61 h March to the end of tho present year. She applications (scaled) to be marked " Tender for Medical Attendance, Ac." and to be forwarded to tho care oi the Acting Immigration Agent, Mel« tourne, The applications nre to namo one sum for tho performance ol the entire service. The decision of the Government wUl be mada known on the 6th of March. Every information as to the number of immi- grants expected, &o.;, will bo given to persons tendering, on npphcation to the Immigration (J Bice, Melbourne, or to the Assistant Immigration Afont, Fortland. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily bo accepted. By his ExoeHency's command, WILLIAM C. HAINES. Colonial Secretary's Office, Melbourne, 16th February, 1855. 3220 feb 23 EW YORK Rifle Saloon.-The Sweepstakes will bo shot for at three o'clock this day. 420 N fc> Tcrü-ICE.-A Chest of Carpenters'TcolB,in very XN bad order, was shipped per Queen steamer, on the 10th inst,, without addretsor bill of lading, and briB not yet been claimed: if not ol aimed on or before the 5th of March, it will be Bold to delray expenBCB. CHARLES YORK and CO., agents, 85 Bourke street west._403JP OVENS Diggings.-A Dray will start to-mor- row, to go up quick. Parties wHl find this a good opportunity for their swags or luggage. Apply 201 Swanston-street._600 O MIHI Work Executed in tho best possible to manner; contracts taken, John Carter, Little Bonrke-street w est. 401 PECTACLES, to suit all sights and ages, ob« taincd at Cohen's, 200 Bourke-street east. _ _477 feb 2S _ ri\o Chemists and Druggists.-The Trade are re X speotfully requested to Meet at the Bull and Mouth, on Monday, 26th inst.,at three o'clockp m, to bear the Report ol the Committee respecting tho Medical Registration Bill, now before the Council. Membo-B of Committee meet at onep.m., samedny, By order. GEORGE WALTON, Secretary. _603 THE Inhabitants of Richmond are respectfully informed that Mr. Thomas Glover baa re- taken the Butcher's Shop recently occupied by Alt x. E. Butler, at the corner of Church and Swan streets. A. E. B. respectfully solicita ia con- tinuation of the literal patronage he lina received, for bis successor, 418 TO Let, a detached Kitchen, with enclosed Yard, 105 Swanston-street. 500 O Aítents.-Wanted Agenta to Sell Oil. Apply 7 King street, back Mercantile Hotel. 523 WO Boys wanted.-Apply 63 William.street. 503 WA1CHES. Jew ellery, Guns Pistols, Gold and Silver Articles Purchased Coben'B, 20(j Bourke street cast 478 mar 3 WAI IING laught and Improved to persona of ullages Eight leesons Heidelberg btoro. Brunswick street, Collingwood 495 mar2 TENDhHS wdl be received at the Office of thlä Depaitmcnt, Bourke street west, up to twolvo 0 clock on Vt ednesday, 2oth instant, from partieä willing to supply the undermentioned artioles for the service of the Government - Printed forma of tender oanbcobtnmedon ap- plication at this office, and notification will bs given to the parties only whoEe oilers ai e accepted, 28 planks hardwood, 4 \ 9,14 feet each 3 pieces hardwood, 0x610 feet each 12 leet board, 2 indi depth 30feetquaitering 12 axles for wheelbarrows, 16 inches lang over all, pattern at this office 12 rings, l8 inchea diameter, inside 12 inohes wide, i inch thick 1 loev saw 2 Davenports 3 copper rammers, blasting 1 do do do, 5 feet long 2 sawB turning whip saw, 5 or 0 leet 4 burrs, gunsmiths' 2 eawB split, 0 inch iron 72 memorandum books, with clasps, pa*-. tern at this office 10,000 scaling papers, about 2 inches square, pattern »t this office lOlfa gum shellio 1 instrument table, and two Fmall boxes to fit underneath pattern to be seen at the Electric Telegraph Office, Mel bourne. ALFRED J AGG, Acting Colonial Storekeeper. Every article to be of the best and moat service- able description, and subject to approv al. Colonial btorekcepei's Department, Melbourne, February 24th, 1855 3156feb23 CITY OF MELBOURNE.-Notice ia " hereoy given that Tenders will bo received at the Town Clerk's Offioe, Town Hall, tiU ten o'clock noon of Thursday next, 1st March, from persons .willing to contract for eithor ol the undermen- tioned public works, in accordance with plans and specifications to be seen on application nt the office of tho City Surveyor, viz, : 1\. Formation and metalling ol Charles, street, from Young-street to Smith- street. 2\. Formation and metalling of Hanover-street. 3\. Kerbing, channelling, and flagging the fron, tage to the United PreBbv terian Churoh in Napier street. 4\. Kerbing. channelling, atd flagging tho fron, tage to tho Wcsleyan Chanel in Brunsvvick-atreet. 6\. Forming and metalling Collins-street, front Hing-Btroet to Srenccr-etreet. 0\. Forming and metalling A'Beokett-atreet, front Elizabeth. Btrcet to Swanston-atreet. 7\. Kerbing and channelUng Bouike- street ort the northern side, from Qucen.street toElizabcth Btreet. The tenderers will, in every case, be held bound to their tenders, and no excuse ol miatako made Will be entertained. The succcsEiul tenderers will bo required to enter into n bond of security to the Corporation, wilhtwo sufficient securities, for the duo perfor- mance of the works ; and it ia distinctly to bo understood that the penalty ol the bond will bo strictly enforced in oases of failure on the part of any contractor. J-ull information and particulars aa to tho teims and conditions of contract can bo obtainod on eppliontion at the office of the City Surveyor, TrwnHall. The tenders must be addressed to the Chairman ol the Publlo WorkB Committee, endorsed with the nature of the work tendered lor, and deposited in the tender.box in the lobby of the Town Clerk's ellice. Ko tender will be received which ia not In Btriot accordance with the specification. The tenderers must bo in attendance at tho Tow n Hall, on Thursday, 1st March, at ten o'clock, WILLIAM KERR, Town Clark. Town Hall, 21th Feb., 1855. 3193 fob 23 rp-NDERS will be reoeived until Tuesday JL March 6th, for the whole of the works to ha done in building nhouso In Johnston.street, Col- lingwood. Alfred T. Snow, architect, 45 Swanston Ftrcet. 170 mar 3 TENDERS will be received to-day for Slating Four Houses, Kitohens and Closets, corner o t BuEHcll-strcet and Flinders- lane, by Thomas Ste- venson, house and estate agent, Neave's-bulldings, Bwnneton-strcct and CoUinB-streot, 101 New Advertisements. CITY OF MELBOURNE.-To Gtorge Hyde, or th« Owner or Owners of a piece or portion of Land situate on the Uno of Moore, street, Fitz« Hoy Ward, in the City of Melbourne. Take Notice that, at the expiry of three calendar months from the date hereof, the Council oi the City of Melbourne, in exercise of the powers con« ferred by the provision B of Mn Act of the l.ieute. nant-Governor and Legislative Cour eil e f Victor!», passed in the seventeenth year of the resign of her I present Mujoety, intituled "An Aot for Improve- ments in Fiirlloy W ard, in the City of Melbourne," will enter upon, tike and use EO much of a pleae or portion of lund, situate on the lino of Mooer-atreet, between Young-street and Napier- street, FitzKoy Ward, as is required for the opening up of Moore street, commtneing at a point five feet tix inches' or thereabouts weat of east tide line oi Young street, on the north Bide-line of Moore street, be-inpf bounded on the non h by other portion oi lands and buildings ol which the laid George Hyde ia the. reputed owner, and a line bearing east twenty-two ieet six inches or thereabouts; on the east by right of.wiy and a Uno bearing south twcnt>-tuo feet two inches or thereabouts; on the south by lands of -which one Richard Cappir ia the nputed owner, and a line tearing webt twenty-two ieet Bixinches or there atoutB; and on the westby landa now used as a public road called Moore.Ptrcet, and Wiiteon. street, and a line bearing north to commencing point, twenty.two feet two inches. Also all that other piece or portion of land having the Bama cc mm in ein g point as the last described portion, and being bounded on the west by a street called Watson Etreet and a line bearing north ti, hteen feet ten inches or thereabouts ; on the north by v aBte lands, owner unknown, and a line bearing east five feet six inches or iLertabouts ; un the casa by other portions of land and buildings ol willoh the said George Hyde is the reputed owner, and a line bearing Eouth eighteen feet ten inches; and on the south by other portion ol lind-, and build- ings of which the enid George Hyde ia the reputed owner and a line bearing we-t to commencing point, five feet six inches ; with all lands, buildings and other erections of any and every kind what. Eoever, as shewn lind numbered 1 on tracing schedule and surveyor's report on lands and pro- perties in line of Napier street, FitzKoy wara, de- posited in the Town Clerk's ofllce, lown Hall,mel- bourne; and will pull down and remove any lencing, building or other erection oi any and every kind w hatsoever that may be upon the said piece or portion of land, of which the biiid owner or owners of the said land is or are required to take notice. Dated at the Town Hall. In the city of Mel bourne, thin 22nd day of February, 1855. WM. KERR, Town Clerk. 3165 tliur mon 5 mar CITY OF MELBOURNE-To Margaret Craig, or the Owner or Owners of a piece or portion of land, situato on the line of Nnpier-street and Moore Btieet, FityRoy Ward, in the City of Mel- bourne-lake Iiotice that at the expiry ot three calendar months from the date hereof, the Council of the City ot Melbourne, in exercise of the powers conferred by the provisions of an act of the Lieu- tenant Governor and Leiiilaiive Council of Vic- toria, paased in the seventeenth >cnr oi the reign of her present Majesty, intituled " An Act for Im- provement» in Fitzlloy Ward, in the oity of Mel bcurne," will enter upon, takoand Use so much of a piece or portion of land, tituute on the Uno of Rapier street and Moore street, between Young stitet and Napfer-street, FitzRey Ward, as fs re- quired for the opening up of Napier street and Moore street, oommei tina at a p mt forty feet or thereabouts weit of went aide line of Napier, street, und twebe leet «outh ot north aide Uno of Moore Btreet, being bounded on the south by landa and buildings of which one Thomas Kendal istbe reputed owner, and a line bennng east forty three feet six melieB or there bouts, on tbe east by lands and buildings oi which ono J elm Home and John btewart ure the respective reputed ownerc, and a line bearing north twelve le et or thereibouts, <m the north by other portion ot lands and buildings, of wh oh the auld Mer garet Craig is the reputed owner, and a line bear- ing west, lorty three leit six inUies or thero abouta , on the wei-t by right oi way, and a Uno bearing south to commencing point, twelve feet cr thereabouts AIBO, all that oilier piece or por- tion of land commciieiHi» at a p< int on northside line of Mooie itnet and four fed or thereabouts east of weat nile line of i\«pier street, being bounded on the east by lanes and buildings of which one John House and John Stew art aie the respective and reput d owners, and a line bearing north thirty one feet six inches, or thereabouts, cn the north bj landa and building1* of which one Edward taylor is the reputed owner, and aline learin west four feet, or therubouts , on the west by other portion of lands and buildings, of whieh Hie said Margaret Craig is the reputed owner, and n line bearing south thirtv-one leitsix. inches , on the south by other portion et lunds and buildings oi which the »aid Margaret Ciaig ia the reputed owner nnd a line bearing caBt to commencing roint, four feet or thereabouts, with all lands, buildings and erections, of any and every kind whatsoever ai ßhewn and numbered 21 nnd 22 on tracing ithcdule and surveyor a report on lands nnd buildings In line of Napier i-trectand Moore street Fltzliov Ward, as deposited in Town Clerk's office, I own Hall, Melbourne, and will pulldown and remove any fencing, building, or other erec- tion of any and every kind whatsoever, th-it may be upon the said piece or portion ol land, ol which the said owner or owners of the said land ia oi are required to take notice Dated at theTov. n Hall, in the etty of Melbourne, this 22rd day of Februiry, 1855 WM KERR, Town Clerk 3100 thur mon 5 mar CITY OF MELBOURNE.-To Jehoida Harcombe, or the owne-r or owners of a piece or portion of land situate on the line of Moore-street, FitzRoy Ward, in Hie City of Melbourne. Take Notice that, at the expiry of three calendar months from the date hereof the Council of the City of Melbourne, in exercise of the powers con- ferred by the provisions of an Act of the Lieutenant. Governor and Legislative Council of Victoria, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of her present Majesty, intituled "An Act for Improve- ments in FitRoy Ward, in the City of Mel- bourne," will enter upon, take and use so much of a piece or portion of land situate on the line of Moore-street, between Young-street and Napier street, FitzRoy Ward, as is required for the opening up of Moore-stceet, commencing at a point ninety- six feet three inches or thereabouts west of west side- line of Napier.street, on the north side-line of Moore-street, being bounded on the north by other portion of land and buildings, of which the said Jehoida Harcombe is the reputed owner, and a line bearing east forty one feet six inches or there- abouts ; on the east by a right of-way and a line bearing south forty-eight feet or thereabouts ; on the south by other portions or lands and buildings, of which the said Jehoida Harcombe is the reputed owner, and a line bearing west forty-one feet six inches or thereabouts ; on the west by lands and buildings of which one Thomas Morell and the said Jehoida Harcombe are the respective reputed owners, and a line bearing north to com- mencing point, forty eight feet or thereabouts ; with all lands, buildings, and erections of any and every kind whatsoever, as shown and num- bered 8 on tracing schedule and surveyor's report on lands and buildings in line of Moore-street, FitzRoy Ward, as deposited in Town Clerk's Office, Town Hall, Melbourne; and will pull down and remove any fencing, building, or other erec- tion, of any and every kind whatsoever,that may be upon the said piece or portion of land, of which the said owner or owners of the said land is or are required to take notice. Dated at the Town Hall, in the City of Mel- bourne, this 22nd day of February, 1855. WM. KERR, Town Clerk. _ 3167 thur mon 5 mar CITY OF MELBOURNF,-To the Owner or Owners unknown, of n piece or portion of land, situato on the lino of Mooro- Btreet, FitzRoy Ward, in tho City of Melbourne.-Take Notice that, at the expiry of three calendar months from the date hereof, the Counoil ol'the City of Mel bourne, in exercise of the powers conferred by the provisions of an Act of the Lieutcnant-Governor and Legislative Council of Victoria, passed in the reventeenth j ear of the reign of her present Ma. jcBty, intituled " An Act for Improvements fn FitzRoy Ward in the City of Melbourne," wiU enter upon, take and use so much of a piece or portion of land situate on the line of Moore, street, between Young.street and Napier street, FitzRoy Ward, as iB required for the opening up of Moore« afreet, commencing at a point on i lie north side- line of Moore-street, sixteen leet six inches cast of east eide- line of Young-street, being bounded on the north by lands and buildings, owners un- known, and a line bearing east sixty feet eight inches or thereabouts ; on tho east by lands of which onô Richard Capper is the reputed owner, and a line bearing south twenty, two feet six inoheB or thereabouts; on the south by lands and buildings, owner unknown, and a line bearing west sixty feet eight inches or thereabouts ; on tile weat by lanes and huildlngsof which oneGeorgeHydeisthoreputed owner, and a line bearing north to c immencing point twenty-two feet eix fnclicB or thereabouts. Also, all that other piece or parcel of land Bituato SB before described, and commencing at anoint riztcen feet six inches or thereabouts east of east side-line of Young-strect, and twenty-two feet six inches or thereaboutB Bouth of north fide-lino of Moore-Btreet.beingbounded on the north bv lands, owner unknown, and lands of which one Richard Capper is the reputed owner, and a line bearing east one hundred and two leet two Inches or there- abouts ; ontheeaBt by right, of. way eighteen feet wide and a line bearing south twenty-live feet six inches or thereabouts ; on the aouth by lands and buildings, owner unknown, anda line bearing west one hundred and two feet two inches or there- abouts ; on the west by lands of which one Richard Cupper is the reputed owner, and a line beering ncrth to commencing point, twenty-five feet six inches or thereabouts; with all lands, buildings, and other erections oi any and every kind what- soever, as shewn and numbered 3,4 and 0 on trac ing schedule and surveyor's report on lands and buildings in line of Moore-street, Fitzltoy Ward, SB deposited in Town Clerk'« Office, Town Hall, Welbourne; and will pull down ana remove any fencing,building, or other erection of any and every kíüdlwiíatpoevcr that moy be upon the paid piece or portion of land, of which the said owner or owners of the eaid land is or are required to take notioc. Ented, at the Town H..1I, m the City of Mel bourne, the 22nd day of february, 1855. WM, KERU, Town Clerk. 3103 thur mon 5 mar VICTORIA Vineyard and Fruit Garden Com- pany.-Tenders for Clearing the Estate of the Company will be received until Saturday, 3rd March next. Particulars may be obtained at the chambers of the Company, opposite the office of this paper. S, WEKEY, manager. February 24th, 1854. 31 feb 27 O Cartera and Bullock Drivers. Tenders will be received till twelve o'olock on Tuesday for the carriage of four tons of goodsto Sandhurst,and jour tons to Castlemaine, The tenders must state ' whether ti be conveyed by Bullock or Boree, tor.me. Address Alpha,office of this paper. 10 »UBL1C Notice. - B. Slid ten, 87 Collins. -. sheet east. Las on Sale a large quantity of mper WhiteCaUcoea, considerably under ErglisU ji fees. 458 mar 3 alt ' New AdvertisemeDts. pi IT Y OF Mr-LBOUHNF -To Richard Capper ' \J and OtherB or the Owner or Owners of a tiecc or portion of lind situnto on the lice of Meere street, MurKet square, and Young street, FitzRoy Vard. In the City of Melbourne-lake Notice that at tie expiry ol three calendar months' ire m the date hereof, the Council oí the City ol Welbourne in exercise oí the powers conferred by the provisions of «n Act of tlio Lieutenant. Governor and Legislative Counoil of Victoria, I aeted in the feventeonth jcar ol the reign of her preStnt Majesty,intituled 'An Aot for Improve, mints in Mtzltoy Ward in the City ot Mol bcurne," will enter upen, take and use so much of n piece or portion ot land situate on the lino o£ Mcore street, Market square, and Youne street, II tw een Young street mid Napier street, FitzRoy V ard, as ia required for the opening up ot Moore ttreet, Young utroet and Market square commenc. mr» at a point eight feet tr thereabouts, east of west eide line of Young Ftreet, and twenty two lcettwo ii chea south of the north side line ol Moore street, Icirg bounded on the north by lands and build in/it, of which one George Hjdt is the reputed owner, and a line bearing east forty one feet six inches or thereabouts, on the east by a right of vny eighteen feet wide, and a line bearing south eighty two feet or thereabouts , on the south by lar dp, owner unknown, and n line bennng weat; forty one feet six inehes or thereabouts, and on ti e west by lands and building of winch is the reputed owner, and a line, bearing north to commercing point, eighty two feet or thereabouts, with all lands buildings, and ereotions ol nny and every kind whatsoever aa therein and numbered 2 on tracing scheduler and eurvejor's report on lands and properties in line oí Napier street FitzRoy Ward, BB deposited m lown Clerk's Office, lown Hall, Melbourne; and will pull down and remove any lencing, build- ing, or other erection of any and every kind what- soever that may be upon the Bold piece or portion et li nd ol which the said owner or owncrB of tha said land IB or are required to take notice Dated at the Town Hall in the City of Mel bourne thli 2"nd day of February, 1855 WM KERR, lown Clerk 31C0tliurmon5mar ÏTY or MLLBOURME -To Richard Capper and others, cr the owner or owners of a pieco or portion ol land, situate on the line of Moore street, FitzRoy Ward in the City of Melbourne. -1 ake notice that, at the expiry of three calendar mcntlis from the date hereof the Council of tha City of Melbourne, in exercise of the powers con- ferred bv the provisions of an Aot ol the Lieu- tenant Govemor and Legislative Council of Vic lona, passed in the seventeenth j ear of the reign olLer present Majesty, intitu'ed 'AnAotforlm. pre vements In Til/Roy Ward, in the City of Mel 11 urne," will enter upon, take and UBOBO muohof n jin cc or portion of land Fituateon the line of Woore street between Young Btreet and Napier« rtit-et, FitzRoy \\\ ard, aa is required for the open, ii p up of Moore street, commencing at a point on the north side line of Moore street, one hundred and eighteen feet eight 'inches or there- abouts, ei st of east side line of Young« ttrret, being bounded on the cast by a iirhtofway eighteen feet wide, and a line 1 caring south twenty two feet six Inches or there, cicuta, on the south by lands, owner unknown' or el a line bearing west forty one feet BÍX indies', or thereiboutB, on the west by landa, owner urknown, and a line bearing north twenty two feet FIX inches or theieabouts, and on the north by other portion ol landa ol which the said Richard Ctppor or others, IB the reputed owner, inda line bearing east to commencing pointforty« one leet six inches, or thereabouts, with all lands, I uildings, ind creetions ol any and every kind whatsoever, as shewn and numbered 5 on tracing Fihedulo and surveyor's report on lands ana buildings in line ol Moore street, ritzRoy Word, as dei oFitcd ni Town Clerk's office, Town Hall, Mol lourne, and will pull down and remove any imcmg building, or other erection of any and cv cry kind whatsoevor that may bo upon the Bald p ece or portion of land, ol which the said owner tr owners of the said land is or are required to talc notice Dated at the Town Hall, in the City of Mol. lourne, thia 22nd liny of Februnrj, 1855 «M KERR, lown Clerk 3170 thur mon 5 mai CITY OF MELBOURNE -f o thomas Kendal, or the owner or owners of a piece or portion ol land, situate on the line ol JSnpier-strect, Moore street, nnd Market square, titzRoy Ward, in the City ol Melbourne - Iako Notice that, at the expiry of three calendar months from the date hereof, the Council of the City ri Melbourne, in exercise oi tlio powers con. ferret! by the pt ©visions of an Act of the Lieu- tenant Governor and Legielativo Council of Vic- toria, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign c1 her present Majesty, intituled An Act for Im- provements in FitzRoy Ward, in the City of Mel. beurne, will enter upon, take and use so much of a piece or portion ot lund situate on the line of I< »pier street, Mooro Btreet, and Market square, be- tween Young ßtreet und Napier street, Htzlloy W rrd, ns IB required lor the opening up of Napier« ntreet, Mooie street and Markt t equnrt, commenc« mp at a print forty feet or thereabout weet oï wept Bide lineof Napier street and twelve feet or ti trenbout south of northside linoolMoore street, being bounded on the west by right oi way, and a line bearing eouth forty three feet aix: inches er thereabouts, on the eouth by lands and buildings, oi which one Peter Cullen ia the reputed owner, and aline bealing eaBt forty tl ree feet si\ inches or thereatouta, on the east I j landa formerly owned by one bnmuel Argyle, tut now m possession oi tho Common Council of f he Citj of Melbourne for public uso in Napior ttreet, and a line bearing north forty three feet six: inches, on the north by lands and buildings ot which one Margaret Craig is the reputed owner, end a linebtnriiig weat to oommenciiig point, forty ti ice feet six ir ches or thereabout, with all land?, buildings, and erections ol any and every kind whatsoeiei, as shewn and numbered 10 and 20 on tracing Bohcdulo ind survejor's íeporton lands nnd buildings in line of Napier street FitzRoy V, ard, as deposited in Town Clerk's ofllco, iown llsll Melbourne and will pull down and remove) anj fencing building, or other erection of any and £\ try kind whatsoever, that may be upon the said piece orportion ofland of which the said owner or o wn ers c f the Bald land is or are required to taka ncticc Dated at the Town Hall, in tho City of Mel- bourne, tins 22nd day of Tobrunrj, 1855 "WM KERU, Iown Clerk 3101ihur mon 5 mar C1IY Oi MrLBOUlUNE -Io Jehoida liar combo and otherp, ortho owner or owners of a iicce or portion of lan 1 Bituato on the line or lcore street iitzlloy Ward, in the City of Mel- bourne -lake Notice that, at the expiry of threa calendar menths from the date hereof, tho Council of the City of Melbourne, in exerolse of the powers conlcrred by the provisions oi an Act oi the Iioutimnt Governor and legislative Council oi Victorin paEPcd in the seventeenth j cor of tho roiim of htr present Mniestj, intitulod ' An Act for Improvements in TitzRoy Ward, in the City of Melbourne," will enter upon, take, and uf c so much of a piece or portion of land, situate on the line of Moore street between Young strait and ISapicr Btreet, FitzRoy Waid as ia requirol for the opening up of Mooro street, commenclnr at n point one hundred and thirty six feet eight inches or thereabouts west of the west Bido line of Napier street, and twenty two leet sis melics or thereabouts south ot north side lino of Moore street, being bounded on the eouth by lands and luildings oi which one IhomaB Morell, is tho reputed owner, and a line bearing east forty one feet six inohes or thcrcubouts, on tho catt by lands and buildings of which the Bold Jehoida Barcombe is the reputed owner, and aline» bearing norlh twenty two leet pix incheB or there, »bouts, on the north by other portion oflands and buildings of which the said Jehoida Harconibo IB the reputed owner, and a line hearing west; forty one feet PIX incheB or thereabouts, and on the west by right Ol way eighteen feet wide, and a Jine bearing Bolith to comminoing point twenty iwo leet six inches or thoieaboutB, with all iBndg buildings and erections of any and every kind whatsoever, as shewn ahd numbered 7 on traolng cchedulo and surveyor's report on land and build- ings in line of Moore stnet, FitzRoy Ward as deposited m Ïown Clerk's ofllco iown Hnll, Mcl 1 ourne, and will pull down and remove.any lencing, building, or other erection of any and every kind whatsoever, that maj bo upon'the saidpieco or portion of land, of winch the Baid owner or owners of the said land is or are required to taks notice D ated at the Town Hall, in the City of Mclbourna this 21nd day of February, 1855 WM KERR Ifown Clerk 3163 thur mon 5 mat CITY OF MELBOURNE.-To Thomas Morell; or the owner or owners of a piece or portion of land situate on the line of Moore-Btreet and Market-ECiuare, FitzRoy Ward, in the City of Mel- bourne.-Take Notice that, at the expiry of thrco calendar months from the date hercoi.theCounoil c1 the City ol Melbourne, in cxcrcific of the powers conferred by the provisiona of an Act of the Lieu. lenant-Govemor and Legislative Council of Vic. toria, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of l.er pro6cnt Majesty, intituled " An Aot for Im- provements in FitzRoy Ward, in the City of Mel- bourne," will enter upon, take and use Fomuoh of a piece or portion of land situate on the lino of Moore-strcet;and Market-iquare, between Young, ttreet and Napier- atreet, Fitzlloy Ward, BB IS re- quired for the opening up of Moore-street and Maiket-square, commencing at a point one bun. dred and thirly-six feet eight inches or there, ab outs west ot the west Fide-line of Napier, street, and twenty-two feet six inches or there- abouts south ot north tide-lino of Moore- street, being bounded on the north by lands and build- ings of which one Jeboida Barcombe is the reputed owner, and a line bearing cast lorty-ono feet als in chea or thereabouts ; on the cast by landa and buildings of which ono Jehoida Harcombo is the reputed owner, and a line bearing south forty.ona feet six inches or thereabouts; on the south by lands and buildings of which one John Tuokcr is the reputed owner, and n line bearing west forty one feet pix Indies or thereabout?; and on the weat ty right-of-way eighteen feet wide and a line bear- ing north to commencing point, forty-one feet six inches or thereabouts ; with all lnnds, buildings, and erections of any and every kind whatsoever, as thewn and numbered 8 on tracing schedule and surveyor's report on landB and buildings in line of Moore-Btrcct, FitzRoy Ward, aa deposited in Town Clerk's office, Town Hall, Melbourne; and will pull down and remove any fencing, building, or other ejection of any and every kind whatsoever that may be upon the said piece or portion of land, o£ which the said owner or owners of the eaidland is or are required to take notice. Dated at the Town Hall,intheoity of Melbourne, this 22nd day of February, 1655. WM. KERR, Town Clerk. 3162 thur mon 5 mag CAUTION.-The publio are cautioned against giving credit to Mr. W. JohnBon, late saddler, Swsnston-street, as his estate is in the banda of Truiteep, who will not bo held anewerablo for any debts contracted after this dote. JAMES JOHNSTON,"I Little Collins-fltrcet JAMES TWADDLE, Little Collins-street Trustees. 117 G BAND Bal Mapque, Criterion Hall, Wednes- day; LadicB free, Gentlemen 5B. Chapman's Full Band._452 EW YORK Rifle Saloon, oppotite the Odd Fellows' Hotel, Little LoiiBdale-eireet east, 1 1 our Shots one Shilling. 120 leb 27 New Advertisements. CITY OF MELBOURNE -To Henry Lanktreeil or the owner or ow ners of a pieoe or por i lion of land situate on the line of Moore Btreet. Fitz Roy Ward, in the City of Melbourne -Tak« Notice that, at the expiry of three calendar month« from tho date hereof, the Council of the City of Melbeurne, in exorcise of the powcra con- ferred by the provision a of an Act of the Lieute- nant Governorand LegislativeCouncll of Victoria, passed m the seventeenth j car of the reign of her present Majctj, intituled 'An Act for Im Brevemente in FitzRoy Ward, in the City ot Mel- bourne," will enter upon, take and use so much of a piece or portion of land situate on the lino of Moore street, between Napier street and George street, FitzRoy Ward, as is r quired for the open- ing up of Moore-street, commenting: at a point one hundred and fifty five feet caat of west side- line of Napier Btreet, and six loot aou li of north side line of Moore Btreet, being bounded on the west by right of way, known as Wood street, and a line bearing south forty two feet or thereabouts, on the south by other por- tion of lands and buildings of which the said Henry Lanktree ia the reputed owner, and a Uno bearing eaat seventy six feetortherenbouts, on the eaBt by lands, owner unknown and a portion of Moore Etreet, and a Une bearing north foity one feet or thereabouts , on the north by landi and buildings of which one James WiFeman is the reputed owner anda line bearing west to com- mencing point, seventy six leet cr thereabouts, with all land* buildings, and erections of any and every kind whatsoever, as alewn and rum erca 11 on tracing schedule and surveyor's reno t on landsandbuildingsinlineol Moore street, FitzRoy Ward, as deposited in I own Olerk'a Office, lown Hall Melbourne, and will pull down and remove any fencing bul ding, or other erection of any and every kind whatsoever that may bo upon the said piece or portion of land, of which the aaid owner or owners of tho aaid land is or are required to take notice Dated at tho Town Hall in the city of Mel- bourne tilla 22nd day of Tcbruary, 1855 WM KERR, Town Clerk 3101 thur mon 6 mar NOriCl ia Hereby Given, that by Indenture bearing date the twentj first dnv ol February [ one thousand eight hundred and fifty five, BI d made between Alexander Grant,of Richmond neor I the city of Melbourne in the colony of V otor'o, and Alexander Hcrberteon, of -Collingwood, near Melbourne aforesaid (trading togotlie r UB co part- ners and buildera, under the fltyle or Arm oi Grant and Herüertson) of the first part Tewis Sayce, of Gore street Collingwood, alorcaiid painter, and John M Ilwriith, ot 167 Ru fell street in the said city of Melbourne, plumber, creditors of the said Alexander Grant and Alexander lle-rbcrtson, and aleo trustees for the purposes therein mentioned of the Becond part, and the several other peraora Whose names and seala were intended to be there- unto set and subscribed, being alao creditors of the said Alexander Grant and Alexander Heroertaon, Oi the third part the said Alexander Grant met Alexander Herbertson did, for the considerations therein mentioned, rcleape and assign unto ths Bald Lewis bajee and John M Ilwraith, their heirs, executor-", adminlatratora an I assigns all their real and personal eBtate and effects wh itaoevcrnnd whereBovcr, sul ject to the incumbrancea Directing the same (wearing apparel and nccessiries to an amount not exeeedinjf twenty five pounds each, only exceptcd) upon trust for the benefit ot all tho creditors ol the said Alexander Grant and Alex ander Herbertson-And notice is hereby further given, that the said deed waa executed by the said Alexander Crant Alexander Herbertson, Lewii Sayce and John M Ilwraith on HIL sud twenty, first day of Tebruary one thouaand eight hundred and fifty five os re luircd byan act of i he Governor and legislative Council of New South Wales, Sam ed in the filth year of the reign of her present tnjeatv, intituled, "An Act for the further amend- ment ol the Low, and for the better Administra- tion of Tustice ' and that auch deed is now ij mg at the oflice of Mr MARCUS SIEVWitlGHI, ol the Central City Chambers, corner of Collins and Swanston streets for irspectioii and execution by such of the Creditors who have not already oxe. outcd the same_102_ IN the Inpohent Estate of William Fredcnok Tuck and Kobert Browning, oi Melbourne, in the Colony of % ictoria, Conffcttonerp-trading un- der the name, style or firm of fuck and Browning - "ft nerena the estate of William Frederick fuck and Robert Browning of Melbourne in the colony ol Victoria confectioners, was, on the twenty first day of february, one thousand eight hundred and filly fi e, placed under séquestration in my hands, by order of hip Honor, Mr Justice Willu ms one of the JuJges of the Supreme ( ourt of the colony of Victoria ni d who by further order under his hand did appoint Robert 11 wall Jnoomb, 1 squire, of Melbourne one of Hie Official Assignées of In- solvent Estates to be the Official Assignee of and for thii catate I hereby appoint a public meeting of the creditors of tho Baid insolvents to bo holden before me at my ofliee, ¡supreme Court Houcc, La Trobe Btreet Melbourne, on fueßdny, the seven- teenth day of April next, at tho hour of n quarter, past one o clock in the afternoon, lor proof ol debts, and another public meeting w ill be holden before me, nt the Bame place, on Monday, the twenty third day of April next, at the hour oi eleven o dock in the forcnoon,for thelike purpose, and, if the creditors think lit to elect on assignee of their own choice to act with tho said official .BFignee Dated at Melbourne, this 23rd day of February, .in 1855 FREDK WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates_3154 IN the Insolvent Estate of William Lamont, of Geelong in the colony of Victoria, hotel keener - W hcrens, the estate of William Lamont, Of Geelong in the colony of Victoria, hotelkeeper, was on the twenty third day of February, one thousand eight hundred and lift} five, placed under sequestration in my hands, by order of his Honor Mr Justice V* illiams, one ot ti e Judges of the Supieme Court of the colony of Victoria and who, by further order under his hand did appoint Richard Learmonth, Ebquiro of Geelong, one of the OfDcfnl Assignees of Insolvent F state?, to be he the Official Assignee of and for this estate I hereby appoint a public meeting of the creditors of the said Insolvent to be holden before me, at my office Supreme Court House, La trobe street, Melbourne, on tuesday, the seventeenth day of April next, at the hour of half past one o'clock in the afternoon, tor proof of debts, and another public meeting will be holden before me, at the same place, on Tuesday, tho twenty fourth day ot April next at the hour of a quarter to twelve o'clock in the forenoon for the like parpóse and, if the creditors think fit, to elect an Aaeigneeof their own dioico to act with the said Official Ae. signée Dated at Melbourne, this twenty third day oi February A I> 1855 FRbDK WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner ot Inpolyent Estates_3155 IN the InsolventEBtate ofCrced Royal of Geelong inthecolonj ofVictorin musiosellcr Whereas the estate of Creed Royal, of Geelong, in ihe colony of Victoria, music seller, was on the twentj «rat day of February, one thousand eight bundie el and fifty, five, placed under sequestration fn my hands by order of his Honor Mr Justice Williams, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of the colony ol Victoria, and who did by iurtbtrorder under his hand appoint Richard Learmonth, Esquire, oi Melbourne, one ol the Official Assignees of insol. vent estates for the colony of Victoria, to bo the Official Assignee ol and for this estate I hereby appoint a public meeting ol the creditors of the said insolvent, to bo holden before me, nt my office, supreme Couit HouBe, Ia 1 roi o street Melbourne, on Tuesday, the tcventeenth day ol April next, at the hour of one o'elock in tro after noon, for proof oi debts and for the election of an ABcignee, if necessary, to act with the Official Assignee, and unless it shall be shewn nt Euch meeting that the gooda and effects of the aaid ineolvcnt exceed the sum of one hundred pounds I shall summarily proceed to rank the debta whicl shall then be proved upon tho aaid estate, ami d)rect tho proceeds to be distributed accordingly Dated at Melbourne, this twenty third day ol February, AI 18s5 FHEDK WILKINSON, Chief Commissioner o Insolvent Estâtes. _ 3153 IN the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria, in its ecclesiastical jurisdiction. — In the goods of Napoleon Gilbert, late of Geelong, in the colony of Victoria, licensed victualler, deceased. — Notice is hereby given that, after the expiration of four- teen days from the publication hereof, application will be made to this honorable Court, in its eccle- siastical jurisdiction, by Thomas Austin, of the River Barwon, in the colony aforesaid, settler, and William Henry Collins, of Geelong aforesaid, gen- tleman, two of the executsrs named in and ap- pointed by the last will and testament of Napoleon Gilbert, late of Geelong aforesaid, licensed vic- tualler, deceased, that probate of the said will be granted to them, (leave being reserved for Alfred Napoleon Gilbert, the remaining executor named in the said will to prove same). Dated this twenty-fourth day of February, A.D. 1855. MARTYR and TAYLOR of Geelong, proctors for the said executors. 3198 THE friends of the late Mr. William Beggs, who was accidentally killed on Saturday last, are respectfully invited to follow his remains to the New Cemetery, leaving Sackville-street, at one o'clock this day. GEORGE BISHOPP, under- taker, Peel-street, Collingwood. 485 FUNERAL. — The friends of the late Mr. McFadyen are respectfully invited to attend his remains to the New Cemetery. The funeral to move from his late residence, Collingwood Flat, near the Studley Arms Hotel, this day, at three o'clock, p.m. FREDERICK WILLIAMS, Under- taker, Gertrude-street, Collingwood. 530 THE Friends of Mr. Alexander McIver are re- spectfully invited to attend the remains of his late Wife to the place of interment, at the New Cemetery, this day, Monday. The funeral to move from his residence, Clide-street, St. Kilda, at twelve o'clock, and cross the Prince's Bridge at one o'clock a.m. FREDERICK WILLIAMS, Undertaker, Gertrude-street, Collingwood. 529 THE friends of the late Mr. Charles Sawyer are respectfully invited to follow his remains to the New Cemetery, leaving his late residence Little Oxford- street, Collingwood, at half-past two o'clock this day. George Bishopp, undertaker, Peel-street, Collingwood. 486 MUSICAL Entertainment, Concert Room, Union Hotel, Bourke-street, open every evening. Admission free. Concentration of talent. Miss Urie and Miss Hartland, the favorite Scotch and English Ballad Singers, and Mr. Golding, the celebrated Irish Comic Singer, every evening. Mr. Alfred Oakey will preside at the piano. 463 SALLE DE VAL ENTINO. 'lo-Night, 20th February. Grand Tüll and Fancy Dreaa Ball. Mons. Flcurj has the honor to announce that he baa determined, regardless ol espense, to present ibis entertainment on a scale of liiagi.lflcenie hitherto unprecedented in the colony. 3he celebrated Band under his direction, will, < n this occasion, be considerably augmented, and duiing the evening will execute several cholea piece s from the old and modern masters. Refreshment B of the moBt rcoherche description Doors open at Half-past Eight. Dancing at Nine. AdmiBBion-Gent lernen 5s, 491 New Advertisements. A S T L E Y » g bole Lessee and Manager, Mr. G, Lowia, .ircttBurer^ Mr. H. Birob. Conductor oi the Circle and Ring Master Mr. T, Nunn. Another Grand Novelty. First Time this Benson, of Lord Byron's M A Z E'P F A And The Wild Horse of the Desert 1 TI e most goigeous spectacle ever presented to tua j.ublic, embracing all KB Magnificent Processions Terriflo Combats on Horao and foot, Chorussea' Tolifh Dances, Battle Axo and bhield Danoes' Ancient Tournaments, <tc. u . Monday, February 20, Fearful Flight of Mazeppa to the Plains of Tartary, Programme ol Entertainments. The Performances to conolude with, for the first timo, tho whole of Loi d Byron's Beautiful Tale of MAZEPPA, And the ' Wild Horse of tho Desert. Comic Act oi Equestrianism, by Mr, T. Le«' entitled ' Tho Clown and his Granny. , The Brothers Dhcaring nnd Stabbing, as tho Two LromiOB, French Vaulting by the Company, Mdle. Antoinette Berg, the Daring Equestrienne will next appear in her * Electrifying Act of Equitation. Mr. Pablo Fanque, the first Ropo Dancer in tha world. | a he Great Dramatio Horseman, Mr. W. Batlow" in hiB Amusing Characteristic Act, entitled .' Punch's Frolics, or tho Carnival of Venice Mons. Klacr on the Globe Roulante. ' Mr. Pablo Fanque, the Equestrian Wonder of the Ago, will have the honor ol' appearing aa T!ie bhipwrecked Mariner. Those merry functionaries, MeBflrs. Yeamans" and AdumB, in their important department sa C.owns or Drolls of the Circle, will excite tua laughing propensities ot the audience. Leader of the Brass Band, Mr. Hore. Leader of tho Orchestra, Mr, J, Barlow To-morrow, Tuesday, Fob. 27th, For tho Benefit oi Mr. and Mrs. Yeamans, LeBsons in tho Art of Riding, and Horses Brolta for the Field or Road, by Mr. w. Barlow, ofwkorrt Cards of terms may be obtained. No Dogs admitted to any part of the House. The Doors will open at half-past Seven, and tha Fciformancc will commence prcoisoly at Eight. I Prices of Admiasion :-Dreaa Circle, 8a,; Sida Boxes, 7s.; Fit, 5s, J Gallery, 2s. Od. 1 N.B.-ïhe Box and Pit Entrances aro in Spring." street ; the GaUory Entrances aro from the Bide of the National Hotel, Bourke- ttrcet, and from tho rear oí the Theatre in Little Bourke-street. Notice.-Smoking will bo Strictly Prohibited ia all pasts of the Theatre. Persons of Improper Character willbestriotly excluded from the Dress Circle and Sido Boxea. In active preparation, and will bo produced ia a few days, an entirely now and original Hippo, dramatio speotnole, written cxpreBPly for this establishment, by the author of " Rolla of Ours," entitled Tho Battle of Inkermann, or The Fair Maid of tho Caucasus. 3109 U E E N ' S T H E A T R ETH Monday Evening, 26th February. First Night of tiio Great Actor, Mr. G. V. BROOKE, whose extraordinary powers aro universaUy ao." knowledge to have had no compeer since the days of older Kean. In order to render the Pieces, In which. Mr.' Brooke will perform, complote, the celebrated artistes, Miss FANNY CATHCART, and Mr. HICHARD YOUNGE, Frcm the Theatre Royal Drury.Lanc, London," have been engaged, in addition to a New and Costly Wardrobo and Properties parchaaed, with entirely New Scenery.' Mr. Brooke's engagement in the Colonies being limited, the more so in consequence of the long protracted passage oi the bteainer Pacific, Ha will appear in a round of His Great Characters, Which will ¡seldom, if at all, be repeated. On Monday will be presented, Shakeaperc'a Tragedy, OTHELLO, With the following powerful cast: Othello. Mr. G. V. Brooke. Jago, . Mr. II. Younga. Brabrantio. Mr. 0. U. Rogers. Cáselo. Mr. Binford. Roderigo, . Mr. J. P. Hydes. Duke, . Mr. Hooper. Desdemona,.MÍBB Fanny Cathcart. Emilia,.Mra. C. Young. To conolude with tho very laughable Farce of A. S.S. Diogenes Hunter,.Mr, G. H. Rogers, , rtmLio NOTICE. The Prices will be-Boxes, 12a. 6d. ; Fit, 7a 8¡f. J Gnllcry, 5s. Tho uox.Ofllco, for securing scats, will be opened Irom 10 A.M. to 4 r.M. The doors will open at a quarter past seven ; oom« menee at eight preoisely. Carriages may ba ordered at half-past oleven. BeatB (reserved) wiU not bo retained alter the rising of the curtain. In order to give the lullest opportunity lor seouring places, seats eau bo BO« cured one day in advance. No extra charge for, securing places. _ Private Boxes (Omnibus), £10. Stage Boxes, £1. 3127 feb26 CRITERION Bal Masque on Wednesday. Dresses" oan be had on the night. Admission, Five Shillings._450 CRITERION Grund Bal Masque, Wednesday.' Ladies free; Gentlemen. Five Shillings, Twenty-four DanceB. Chapman's Full Band. _454^ GRAND Night, and Now Music. Bal Masque, Wednesday, Criterion, DooisopenatO, Ad. mission, Five Shillings._455 J CRITERION Bal Mosque.-Ladles and Geatle. men are requested to attend with Masques oa Wednesday night next._453 DONCASTER RACES. Thcse Races will come oil on tho 27th and 28th February, 1355. The Course lies in the immediate vicinity of thor Doncaster Arma, about five miles from Riohmon J Bridge. IthaBbeen leveBedand roHed with th« utmost care. Tho following Stakes will bo run for, oom«' mencing at twelve o'clock sharp : FinsT DAY. Tuesday, the 27th instant. Publicans'Purse: A Sweepn'akes of 3 Sovereigns, with 20 added,' for Bush Horses whioh have never run on a publia course. One.mile heats. The winner to pay on« dozen of Sherry to the Ordinary, geoondltoce! A Saddle, Bridle, Whip, and Spura, for Haoks,' One-mile heals. Entronceos. Third Race, ditto ditto. Fourth Race, ditto ditto. SKOONO DAY. Wednesday, the 28th instant. A Sweepstakoa of 2 Sovereign, with 10 Sove« reigna added. forPoniea under 14 hands. One. mile heats. Tho winner to pay half a dozen of. Sherry to the Ordinary. Sooond Race : _. A Daily's 8nddle, with Rieling Whip ; for Buso Horses. One.mile beats. Entrance 10s. Consolation Stakee.: , , A Sweepstakoa of 2 Sovereigns, with 10 bOT« oroigns added, for nil beulen liorBCB. Two miles. Winner to glvo half a dozen of Sherry to the Or- dinary. Last Race: , _, ... A Saddle, Bridle, Whip, and Spurs, for HacH One milo. Entrance 5s._ m CAUTION to Poundkeepera, Auctioneers, ani Others.-£19 Reward.-Stolon or atrajed front the Spring, H foot ot MountMacedon, one Bay Horse, brandes B on the near shoulder, has black points, and ia much saddle-marked. , " £5 Reward will be given to any person who will bring tie samo to the Bush Inn, Gisborne, or to the Liverpool Arma, CoRingwood. If stolen,£10 Reward will bo given on conviction of thepffepflets, 50 mar 1 dai_M^ LOST, on lrlday the 23rd instant, or Stok» during the alarm of fire in CoT.'" Etreet, on Saturday morning, a dark MSM leather Pocketbook, containing a i5 note JJ an envelope,addressed to Colline,wood, »W>_JT for £27 83 on the Union Bank, (unsigned» two small Nuggets, weighing together notquiw half an ounce and sundry papers of no use to any one but the owner Any one bringing the Bans ra Mr JAS rURNLR, 4 Ballaarat street, North Mel- bourne, shall receive ¿2,Reward, orbyposlWE the pocketbook alone, will confer a íovor *.*" Bcward for evidence that wlU lead to conviction« the thiel _ "S LOST, on Raleigh's Wharf, on TuesdayjMfi a large Carpet Bag Whoever wi return the same to li b , 100 Bourke street west, belora noon on Monday will be suitably Rewarded m LOST, on baturday last, between Melbourne M4 Brunawiok, an unopened Letter Hw MOM: will oblige by forwarding it to 58 Flinders Bit«« east_ T7 0UND, a Bay Horse, branded W ncarThoiilden Jb like k off shoulder, near fore loot and MW hindieet white, had on abroken bobbie w"«« bridle, is unshod Apply Flagstaff Livery uw«»! North Melbourne 23rd February lb5 250 feh28 ÑTTY FREEHOLD LAND läÖCBflSi 40 Hizaboth street Melbourne Trustees William Bust Burnley, Esq, M L C IhomaB Spencer Cope, Esq .Barrister at Law llobert Kent, Esq (J. B \\\ ere, Kent and Co J Hibbert Newton, Esq, Barrister at-Law. .ubStion:^ .Äe per *.*.*» Institution on Monday »citjAcra2"V,ne above So plaining and adopting the Bules of the above ciety. also for the purpwo pt appoWW Sciutinccre, from tho Members, to w»"»^. their interests in tho management.oí the BOU i The chair will bo taken at seven OCIOO-Ï CÍA-GUSTUS A TARTB, Managing Director 7\\-» *~, l l ^ %J 15 tons Patna rice 2000 bushels Daniell oats pTm^Äibitter, in Arkins and J«* lier ol Bond street. fnnted an PnbUsbod by KDWABD $£*& _._COB_W MACETWOS, PI0R^,e^%rvtoMCUi Offlóe!¡CvU_J8-street east, Melbourne, ^«w^ 