Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. To GroceTS, Storekeepers, and Others. F BASER and COHEN ate instructed to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Wednesday, 26th inst, at eleven o'clock, Without Any Reserve, 120 pockets English hops 70 half-chests congou tea 60 caseä raspberry vinegar CO cases J-lb. mustard 80 do Mb. do 40 do Col man's starch 40 do do J-oz. blue 100 cases pint pickles 200 do pint and half-pint salad oil 30 do assorted sauces 100 firkins D.B.O. butter 20 cases Cair's biscuits 260 boxes Price's No.l Be'mont candles 200 do star do , 60 cases sardines 60 kegs carbonate soda 60 jars tartaric acid 600 boxes Liverpool soap, D crown 20 cases superior loaf cheese 100 cases old tom 5 hhds Jamaica mm 5 do Kartell's brandy 800 half-doz. gin 60 cases Stoughton's bitters. Terms at Sale._2638 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. American Goods, Ex Monsoon. F BASER and COHEN have received in- structions to sell by auction, at the M nit, as soon as landed, due notice of which will be given, Sx Monsoon, 200 barrels amber resin 6 bales 1-5 TJ S pilot duck 20'do hops 100 boxes clotbes-pins 25 dozen toy pail3 35 do fancy-handled wire brooms 48J do hickory axe-handles 7 do pick do 1 case mouse-traps 10 dozen -washboards 4 cases, each 16 Uns, t>lBCU\tB 25 barrels dried apples 5 cases 1-lb lobBter 80 do lemon syrup 15 do axes 4 do adzes 1 do Nelson's coffee-mills 64 do boys' axes 6 do adze-handles 1 do tacks 1 do hatchets and hammers 8 do mining picks 6 do round pointed shovels 2 do pick and axe handles 8 do trucks 8 do corn-shellers 12 navvy barrows 4 'corn-mills 4 cutters 6 ploughs 1 fan- mill 20 shears 5 saws. _TermB at Sale._2638 WEDNESDAY, 10th DEOE MBER. To Saddlers, Storekeepers, and Others. F BASEE and COHEN have received in- structions from Mr. Jno. B. Pascoe, who is relinquishing the retail business, to sell by auction, on the premises, Collins street, on Wednesday. 10th December, and following days, at eleven o'clock, The whole of the stock-in trade compris- ing Saddlery and harness of every description. Full particulars .will be given by catalogue previous to the day of sale. _Terms at Sale_2594 MONDAY, 1st DECEMBER. To Saddlers and Harness Makers, Store vV keepers, and the Trade generally. Important and Unreserved Sale of Gig and Carriage Harness, Saddles, Bridles, àc. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received , instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Monday, 1st December, at twelve o'clock, Twenty-five coses saddlery and harness, &c;, comprising Biding saddles, complete Plated gig harness Brass mounted do Superior ladies' side saddles BeBt silver-mounted carriage harness Best silver mounted curricle harness, plated and mountings Do do tandem do do Do do gig and dog-cart harness Best full Bhait saddles All over best hogskin full shaft hunting saddles Gent's best hogskin Australian saddles Superior ladies' quilted Bafe saddles, with leaping heads, wide pockets, Victoria slippers, &c;, complete Twisted Pelham bridles, covered buokles Snaffle do do do Girths, with safety bare Superior jockey and hunting whips Best round martingales Weymouth bridles, covered buckles, rose bands, &c.; Dutch collars, head-stalls Hunting spurs and leathers, complete Albert stall collars Kicking straps and breechings Coat strap, horse brushes Embroidered side- saddles Patent neck collars, cruppers, and breast- plates Dog and hunting whips Silver-mounted riding whips, common do, cart do, and gutta perena do Prime large chamois skins Trimming scissors, combs, stall collars, knee caps, Purdon's patent cloth Íolishing paste, fluid and composition leather portmanteaus, ladies' and gent's Spirit flasks Neck collars, bearing reins Cart harness, plough do, trace and thill do Plough lines, backhands, horse-rugs, gear, &c.; Jockey saddles Breaking tackles, dumb jockeys, &c;, com- plete, &c.; _Terms at Sale._2767 THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER. Important Sale of Freehold Properties, in the Neighbourhood of Town. ' To Folión thÂ*?g.yrTrnmeJît -t-and Sales. WM. TENi> J?NT and CO. have received . instructions to SUpmit to public com- petition at their mart, Collins Street, on Thursday, 27 th inst,, at the conclusion of tho Government land sales of that day. f Tim Ml'""'-->--?--" ".', -. i , _ _. ,u. uv-Dunuie propeiwes.- ' Lot 1. A house containing seven looms, wita a slated roof and plastered throughout, id an excellent state of repair, and situated close to Sucker's Hill, Northcote, within one mile ot the town boundary, together "with five acres of land. Lot 2. Seventy-eight acres of land, being portion 75., parish of Maribyrnong, between six and seven miles from Melbourne. The Melbourne and Mount Alexander Railway ÍB to pa=s through this section which can be seen ori re ïeience to the Government charts. No com- pensation has as yet been paid by the Oom. pany. i Lots. j Twenty acres of land, being a portion of »subdivision of section 69, East Elsternwick, parish of Prahran, ' Lot 4. Two hundred and forty acres, being sub- division of portion 9, parish of Narra Worran, county Mornington. Lot5. One hundred and twenty acres, being por- tion 11 A in the same parish of Mornington. The above properties are worthy the atten- tion of all parties looking out foi land or bouses, and the auctioneers beg-to^assuro Intending purchasers that if there is any competition, they are instructed to-knock ihem all down to the highest bidder. Terms-Cash. _Titles Indisputable. 2667 ' THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER. To Parties desirous of Obtaining a Small Farm, of Good Land, in an Agricultural District _ . < WM. TENNENT and CO. aie instructed s to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, 27th inst., \- (after the Government Land Sale), i A desirable allotment of land situated at JBacchus Marsh, and containing 62 perches 1 ïcod, and being part of an allotment H section 28, in the parish of Merrimu, and having a frontage to the Coimadai Creek of about 20 chains. Also, An allotment of 2 roods, being part of sec- tion A, parish of Korkuperimul, and adjoin- ing the village of Darley on the high road >|>etween Bacchus Marsh and Gisborne. "The above bein« portions of the purchases cf the Union Fieenuiu Lund fctcuty is a KU¿ ïsntee that the land has been well selected, and is adapted for the purposes for which itn recommended. , "om Terms at Sale. 2607 i Sales by Auction. SATURDAY, 29th NOVEMBER. Important Sale of Plumbers' Materials. To Water Companies, and the Trade Generally. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received. . instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Saluirtny, 29th inst.,at twclvo o'clock, An excellent nt-^oitment of suitable goods, from the house of Guest and Ohrimes, Now landed, ex Startled Fawn, in good order} Comprising Patont bib cocks and 1 J, i, Í, i, and Sum itthed do J Í in. Patent stop cooks and I, a n"f1 , . Do lough j à, f, and lm. Patent dowmight ball- h,,.,. , cocks and balls j 4>?. and fin. Ferules, J, £, #, and ? in, Samples, diawings, &c;, can be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers the day previous to sale. _Terms at_Sale._2644 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. ' To Builders, Contractors, Timber Merchants, and Others. Cargo ex Tyne, for Hobart Town, fir M. TENNENT and CO. will soil by T V . auction, at the Australian Wharf, on Friday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, 1,261 pieces quartering, hardwood, 8 to 16 feet 54 do joistiug, 5x3. do, 10 to 16 do 223 do do, 6 x 8, do 10 to 16 do 22 do do, 7 x 3, do 12 to 16 do à do do, 8x3, do, 10 do 2 do do, 6x5. do, 10 to 12 do. Also, I 12,050 5-feet V. D. L. paling. Terms at Sale. Observe, Eleven o'clock. 2644 * FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. PickleB, Marmalade, Anchovies, &c.; WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 28th inst., at twelve o'clock, 9 i cassa pint pickles 37 do. quart do 25 do marmalade, 1 lb. 20 do do, 2 lb. 13 do anchovies _ 12 do gingor tonic c5 do orange do 3 do capers. _Terms at Sale._2644 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. Wine, Spirits, and Beer Sale. 1,000 Oases French Brandy, 800 Oases Old Tom. TIT M. TENNENT and GO. will sell by fV . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 28th inst., at twelve o'clock, 1,000 cases fine pale brandy, best brands 300 do Sir R. Burnett's old tom, &c;, now bonded. TermB at Sale. 2644 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBEB. Martell's Brandy, Byass's Bottled Beer. Sherry, Manilla Cigars. To "Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. Tho above now Landing, Ex Constitution. WM. TENNENT and CO; will sell by i s auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 28th insi, at twelve o'clock, 20 hhds. brandy 200 casks Byass's bottled ale 12 hhds. do 16 qrs. fine palo sherry 15 oases No. 2 Manilla cigars, &c.; Full and further particulars, and terms prior to sale. Samples at the rooms of the auctioneers prior to sale._2644 SATURDAY, 29th NOVEMBER. Unavoidably Postponed. To Glass and China Warehousemen, Earthen ' ware Dealers, and the Trade Generally.' Important Sale of Eight-four Casks of Glass- ware and Twenty-five crates of Earthen- ware. Now Landing, ex Bethia Jewitt, and Other Late Arrivals. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received . instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Saturday, 29th inst., at twelve ¡ o'clock, (Samples nt tho rooms prior to day of sale,) 84 casks glasswaro, consisting of Elegant cut glass tumblers, wines Do do claret decanters Do do caraffees, finger-basins Do do liqueurs, champagnes Do do goblots, jellies Glass egg-cups, mustards, jars, butter- dishes, [sweetmeat dishes, various sizes; cruet-frames, sugars, salts, pickle- dishes, wine-coolers, finger-cups pickle frames, moulded glassware, various, Also, 26 crates earthenware, comprising Toilet sets, in groat variety Breakfast cups and saucers Gover-diBhes Bakers do Plates, various Bowls, &c.; Observe! Twelve o'clock. _Terms at Sale._2667 UNAVOIDABLY POSTPONED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. , City Property, Eligible and Lucrative Invest- ment.' .?/.' To the Merchants and Capitalists of Mel- bourne, &o.; Sale of Two Highly Valuable and Entire Go- vernment Allotments, Sitnate in the Most Important Locality of the City of Melbourne for Commercial and other Purposes, bsing respectively Allot- ment 4 of Section No. 17: Allotment 5 of Section No. 32. In close proximity to the Terminus of tho Railway, the Government Offices, and tho Wharves. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received » instructions to eell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, One of the most valuable and important properties which have been yet püered to public competition, comprising - ,Two entire Government allotments in the mbst important locality of the city of Mel- bourne, as will be seen upon reference to the pftn of the city of Melbourne. ' Allotment'4'oïte£?n 17 h1s ? nobl,e ff,ont; i age.of 66 feet to Bourke- street, £ » '--?í£ 3i »ÍB4, rnnninß Into Little Bouike-streefc ? AUotm«r.^ofSeo«:::82 fens a frontage of 66 feet to Lonsdale-street, by a depth of 812J feet to Little Lonsdale O iTPfif. »In introducing this property to the ndtico of the public the auctioneers ieel that to en- large upon its desirability would be an act of supererogation, and therefore content them- selves by biiefly adverting to a fewof,tho many advantages which it offers-firstly, to the merchant, by its close proximity to The Railway Terminus, The Government Offices, and The Wharves and Docks, The whole of the thoroughfares from which being now in a very excellent state of repair, afford easy transit of goods, and tho rapidly increasing wharfage accommodation seems to enhance the value of property in this neigh- bourhood, and makes it peculiarly desirable for the erection of stores and warehouses. To persons seeking sites for private resi- dences this property recommends itself, it being in the best part of the western extre- mity of the town, in a fine healthy and airy Bit nation, and surrounded hy the private re- sidences of many of the moBt respectable and substantial colonista of Victoria litle-Grant from the Crown to the Vendors. Terms Very Liberal, at Sale. For full and further particulars apply at the offices of J. A. J. MACGREGOR, Esq., EoHcitor, No. 40 Bourke-street east, and at the rooms of the auctioneers. Note.-Each allotment will first be offered in its entirety, and, if not thus disposed of, «ill then be put up subdivided according to a plan to be seen at the rooms of the auc- tioneers, or at the office of J. A. J. MacGregor, Esq._ 2667 THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER. To Newly Arrived Immigrants, Speculators, and Others. Desirable Section of Land, of 166 Acres, About Tu elva Miles from Melbourne, \ For Positive Sale. WM. TENNENT and CO. have re * ccived instructions to soil by auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, 27th inst.. Immediately after the Government Land Sale, 166 acres of land in the parish of Tarneit, being portion Cof section 24. This is an opportunity worthy the atten- tion of parties requiring a section of land no BT town. The soil is sood, and the situation h easy of access, being only one section off irom the main line c4 Gcelong-ro/ul ' Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. Kan tobo Seen at the Mart of the Ant tiouevru. 2C67 Sales by Aucion. THURSDAY. 27th NOVEMBER. To Follow tho Government Land Sales. In tho Insolvent Estate of Roosen v. Sieveking.. By Order of E. Courtney, Esq., Official Assignee. Siclions of Land, Portion of the Brighton Estate. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received . instructions from E. Courtney, Esq. Official Assignee to the estate of Roosen and, Sieveking, to sell by auction, nt their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, i7tk inst, After the Government Land Sale, Loti. 14 acres 1 rood 16 perches, being part of lot 80 in subdivision of the Brighton estate, in tho parish of Moorabbin, and described OB com- mencing at the junction of Centre road with Jaspor's-road, bounded cn the north by Centre rood bear- ing west 14 chains 35 links ; on the west by a line bearing south at right angles with Centre-rond, 10 chains ; on tho south by a line bealing east 14chains 35 links; and on the caBt by JaBper's-road. Lot 2. 16 acres 3 roods 8 perches, in the parish of Moorabbin, being lots Nos. 5 and 6 on the subdivision of section No. 62, and bounded on the west by a Government road for 8 chains ; on the north by a line at light angles to the said road, running easterly 21 chains ; and on tbe east and south by other parts of the enid section. Further particulars can be obtained of the Auctioneers, who will direct intending pur- chasers to the whereabouts of the land. _Terms Liberal, at Sale. 2666 THIS DAY. St. Kilda. Elegant and Useful Household Furniture. On the Premises, Ackland-street, St. Kilda, the Residence of Mr. Hatch, nearly opposite the New Church. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, on the premises, as above, on Wednesday, 26th inst., at one o'clock, The furniture as described Elegant transposing grand piano, superior tone, with all the late improvements Wardrobe, bookcase, bureau Chiffonier, with marble top Easy chair, elegant vases, paintings, and engravings Together with the usual assortment of furniture, &c.; Further Particulars at Sale. Terms-Cash. Observe, at Ono o'clock, for Half-past. 2666 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. Sherries, Raspberry Vinegar, Marmalade Pickles, Opium, Paper, Ginger, &c.; To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 28th inst., at twelve o'clock, B, 820 caBes sherry G D, 80 do do 40 do raspberry vinegar. Also, 15 cases Wotherspoon's marmalade 2 tons brown ginger 90 cases pint pickles 5 tons brown paper, kc 5 tons oatmeal, &c.; Terms at Sale. 2644 FRIDAY, 23th NOVEMBISR. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. Balance of Wines and Spirits, Ex Toy, from Bordeaux. WM. TENNETT and CO. will . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 28th inst., at twelve o'clock. Samples at the Booms, Ex Tay, 400 cases best claret " Gd. Vin Panillac, Medoc, 1851, each 1 dozen, duty pai 100 do. Medoc, 1851, each 2 dozen pints duty paid 180 do. fine old .cognac in bond, each 1 dozen. _Terms Liberal, at Sale. 2644 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. For the Benefit ot Whom It May Coucern, V. D. Land Oats, slightly damaged. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, OH Fridoy, 28th inst., at twelve o'clock O, BS over, RS under. C3 bags V. D. Land oats, 228| bushels, slightly damaged On Account of Whom It May Concern. Terms-Cash._2667 I SATURDAY, 29th NOVEMBER. Racing Saddles, Iron Safes, Jewellery, &c.; To Saddlers. Jewellers, mid Others. WM. TENNENT and 00. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Saturday, 29th inBt., at twelve o'clock, Invoices of the following goods :- i Racing saddles Hunting do Lndics' do Horse-cloths, riding-trousers, &c.; Also, Gold and silver watches I Assorted jewellery Iron safes, &c.; _Terms at Sale._2667 SATURDAY, 29th NOVEMBER.' To Jewellers, Fancy Warehousemen,' and Others. , Biooches, Studs, Gold and Silver Watches, Cigar Cases, Sao. > , WM. TENNENT and CO. Will sell . by auction, at their rooms, on Satur- day, 29th inst,, at twelve o'clooU. An invoice of assorted jowelleiy, &c;, con- sisting of Brooches Studs Watch-keys Gold and silver watches Portemonnaies, oigar-cases, &c.; _Terms at Sale._2067 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. Devonshire Cider and Champagne. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, /and Others. WM. TENNENT and 00. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, S81h inst., at twelve o'clock, 16 hhds Devonshire cider 45 cases champagne. _Terms-Cash._2667 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. To Storekeepers, Confectioners, and Others. Twelve Oases Assoited Confectionery, Forfv Oases Sardines, *" ""Now Landed. l WM. TENNENT ¿hu CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 28th inBt,, at twelve o'clock, 12 cases confectionery, comprising-, Scotch mixtures - Largo and small thin peppermint lozenges White and coloured curries Fancy cut lozenges Cinnamon, ginger, and lemon lozenges Conversation lozenges "White and coloured sugared almonds, &c.; Also, 40 cases Basset's sardines. _Terms at Sale,_2667 ' FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. Opium. , To Tobacconists,Druggists,,and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO,, will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 28th inBt., at twelve o'clock, 3 chests opium, Now Landed. _Terms-Cash._2667 " THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans and Others. Unreserved Sale of Bottled Beer. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 26th inst., at twelve o'clock, Without Reserve, 100 casks Byoss'ß ale, 4 dozen each 400 do. do. porter, 8 do. 6 quarter-casks sherry, 1 dozen each 80 cases port wine, 1 dozen each. Terms Liberal. Declared at Sale. 2641 \- THIS DAY. To Timber .Merchants, Contractors, Dealers and Others. Posts and Rails, Palings, &c.; Ex Sir William Wallace, At the Sandridge Pier. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auctioi at the Sandridge Pier, on Wednesday 26th inst., at eleven o'clock prompt, Without Any ReBorve, 10,700 rails 8,400 posts 10.0CO palings, 5 ft. _Terms-Cash._2641 "~~ THIS DAY. -' Oats. Oats. Oats. To Storekeepers, Livery Stable Keepers, and Others., SYMONS and PERRY are instructed te sell by auction, at the Commercial Salci room, on Wednesday, £6th inst., at twelv< o'clock, 2,000 bushels prime Van Diotnen's Laut oats, in lots to-Buit purchasers. , Terms at Sale. 2611 [ Sales by Auction. ' THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER. I Elegant and Modern Household Furniture,, I Glass, Superior Piano, Carriage HoreesJ At the Residence of - Jeffery. Esq., Victoria parade. To Frivato Families, Furnituro Dealers, and I Otbcis. : SYMONS and PERRY are favoured with instructions from - Jeffery, Esq., who ia leaving for England, to submit to public com« petition, on the pu miseB, situated in Viotoria« parade, (late the íesidonce of J. P. Bear, Esq , on Thursday, 27th Inst, at twelve o'clock, . An elegant and useful assortment of house- hold furnituie, nearly now, and of thenowost Drawing-room furniture, en suite ' Elegant mirrors, in variety t Do. window- hangings ' Dining-room furniture ( Do. tables ) Loo tables \ Handsome cut glass chandelier, eight I lights Carpets Vases Lustres j Obinaware Bedroom furniture A magnificent grand square pianoforto, nearly new \ A very handsome park carriage, suitablo for one or two horses, with scml eliptie springs, and built of teak, light but substantial A very superior pair of bay carriago horses, good in single or double har- ness, young, perfectly Bound and I quiet Handsome sot of double harness, sad- dlery, &c.; Terms-Cash. The auctioneers beg to call eBpccial atten- tion to the above furniture, tho whole of it being equal to now and of the best workman- ship. Catalogues may now be obtained, ,_2267 ' MONDAY, 1st DECEMBER. " Handsome Household Furniture for Sale at Wellington-teiraco, Richmond-load. BYMONS and PERRY have received in- structions from, the proprietor to sell by auction, on the premises, No. 8 Wel- lington-terrace, Riohmond-road, opposite tho , Richmond Barraoks, OH Monday, let Decem- ber, at twelve o'clock, I An assortment of modern useful household furniture, glass, china, &c;, comprising An elegant suite of drawing-room furni- ture, walnut wood, covered in rich damask Loo table Carpets Window-hnngings Handsome braes bedsteads Do chests of drawers Do cheval glass China Glass Kitchen utensils, &c.; Terms-Cash. The whole of the furniture having been but little used is nearly equal to new. 2641 THIS DAY: To Country Storekeepers. Dealors, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wed- nesday, 26th inst., at twelve o'clock, 2,000 bngs flour, 50 lbs. and 100 lbs. each, In Lots to Suit Purchasers. _Terms at Sale._2641 THIS DAY. To PublicnnB, Dealers, and Others. 30 Hhds. Ale and Portor. More or Less Damaged. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wed- nesday. 26th inst, at twelve o'clock, 26 bhds nie and porter, More or Less Damaged, For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. _TermB.- Cash._2672 THIS DAY. Risk of Former Purchaser, |Mr. Thomas Kennedy, Black Prince, South Melbourne. 20 Cases Sherry, each 2 Do¿en. SYMONS and PERRY will sell bv auction, at tlio Commercial Sales Room, on Wed- nesday, 26th inBt, at twelvu o'clock, 26 cases pale sherry, i _Turms-Cash._2722 EX INDEMNITY. 56 Trunks Seasonably-Assorted Boots and Shoes, of First-rato Manufacture. STUBBS and SON have received instruc- tions to sell by public auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Thuieday, 27tU inBt., at twelve o'olook, D. P. B. and Co.,iu oblong, 1 trunk mon'o prime kip bluchers El do men's best B C do 1 do best calf sprigged do 1 do calf bevll-edged wellingtons, No. 3 1 do primo do do do, No. 2 1 do kip sprigged wellingtons 1 do prims calf sprigged do, No. 2 1 do best French calf sprigged wellingtons 2 do do do do, bevil do 1 do do do do, bevil demi do 1 do do square-edge do , ! 1 do do sprigged do do 1 do do morocco leg enamel hide welling- tons 1 do do morocco leg patent calf do 1 do gentlemon's best morocco leg patent calf demi-wellingtons 1 do do prime kid I. R. circular front, bevil edgo boots 1 do do prime kid I. R. goloshed boots, bevils 1 do do do do sprigged goloebcd boots 1 do do best kid I. R. boots, and wax calf, goloshed, bevils I do do best patent calf I, R. and lace, oxonianB, bevils 1 do do enamel seamless Oxonians, bevels 1 do do kid, black, German pattern shoes, I. R. and button 1 do do best Balmoral patent calf goloshed bevil boots, and bcít silk 1. R. pa- tent goloshed boots 1 do boys' best calf sprigged bluchers 1 do women's farming boots, eyelets, No. 1 1 do do do, lace, No. 2 1 do women's enamel seal pump slippers, trimmed 1 do ladies' best patent calf Blippeis 1 do do B. B. casnmero boots, 2nd 1 do womon's cloth welt boots, enamel goloshed, top-pieced heels 1 do do prime kia welt boots, top-pieced, * "laic, r^çk nnd low enamel circular fronts 1 dorl» -;me kid welt b0OtB| £ ¿>ai'd'0 do do do 1 do do best coloured, all cashmeio, sido lace, and I. R. pump boots 1 do boys' prime B> O. cloth welt boots, top-pieced *J 1 do do very best kid wolt boots/J»n pieced -¿%¡Fr 1 do childien's best black and^Bfilpjued cashmere boots &WF;* 1 do do best patent, calf straps, xpa kid, bound and trimmed 1 do do best patent, calf straps, spring heels 1 do men's onamel Albert slippers 1 do children's enamelled Beal Balmoral boote 1 do do grain, leather straps, part cor- dovan 1 do mon's buck slippers 1 do men's roan do 1 do men's carpet shoes, flannel-lined 1 do women's best do do, do 1 do men's best carpet do 2 do do do do 1 do women's best Venetian shoes 2 do men's hobnail water tights, No. 3 1 do do steel-point do 1 do do best double-toe do 1 do do best kip clump sole bluchers 1 do do brown-edge kip bluchers. Terms at Sale. Catalogues in Preparation. 2675 "WRECK OF THE LAWRENCE FROST. On Account of Whom It May Concern. STUBBS and SON have received instruc- tions to Bell by public auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, 27th inst,, at twelve C'CkTho wreck of the ship LAWRENCE FROST, stranded at Twofold Bay; tonnage, per register, 1,623 tons; coppered (Mnntz's metal) to 19¿ feet, and copper-fastened to 20 feet. Together with, Tore and main lower and top maBts, rigging, blocks, rope, superior wind- lass, with throe double patent cap- stans Also. 1 anchor, patent, 87 cwt, ldo42do 8 cables, 2i inch 2 stream (Europe) hawsers Fire-engine Caboose and coppers Fore and foretopsail yards Wizen must ".".., 1. . bpare log, about 60 lett long,, and inoheB square 120 deals, 12feet, 11 x8 147 do, one cut, 1J do, 9 x 8 9 caskB beef and poik £0 sheet« Munta B coprer. 2d 5 \---__-_ a Sales by Auction. ? UNAVOIDABLY POSTPONED UNTIL FRIDAY. 28th NOVEMBER. GIOEB, Elegant China, Books, Pictures, Brus- sels and Kidderminster Carpets, so, Positive and Unreserved Sale. To Families, Furnituic Dealers, and Hotel Proprietors. STUBBS and SON have received instruc- tions to sell by auction, at the residence rf Philip Robinson, Esq., East India House, 194 Flinders-lane east, on Friday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, i The whole of the really useful furniture . ¡ belonging to that establishment, com piising in The Dining Hall, Largo teak dining-tables for thirty persons Magnificent dinner and dessert sets, ot Worcester china Chairs, &c.; The Drawing-Rooms. ' Loo tables and occasional do Handsome gasallers, window hangings Couches in chintz and damask Chinese and Dresden vases Indjun sideboard of ebony and satin wood, cheffionier and whatnot Elegant framed engravings, oil paintings and books. The Bedrooms, Twelve in Numbor. lion and mahogany bedsteads - - Hair and cotton mattresses, feather pil- lows, Lacquered cedar and painted tables, &c.; The Kitchen. First-rate English stove to cook for thirty, with all the usual kitchen re- quisites. Catalogues may ho had the morning of ol sale on tho premises. TormB Cash. 169 THIS DAY. ' 98 Cases Damaged Oilmen's Stores. For the Benefit of All Concerned. TP EASE Y and 00. will sell by nuctio a, TT . at their mart, 83 Collins-Btreot west, cn Wednesday, 26th inst., at eleven o'olock, Y in diamond, P-20 cases assorted pickles, each 3 dozen B-12 do raspberry vinegar, pints and half-pints A-19 do apple cordial, pints and half pints L-12 do lemon balm, do V-24 do vinegar, each 2 dozen quarts 0-11 do salad oil, each 4 dozen, half pints. To Be Sold Without Reserve, _Termi-Oash._ 2640 *"" THIS DAY. ' Boot and Shoe Sale. 40 Oases Superior American Boots. WBASEY and CO. will sell by auo . tion, at tlioii mart, 33 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, the 26th inBt,, at eleven o'clock. The following splendid assortment of first rate American summer boots, IO cases super-enamelled brogans, 6 to 11 best 6 do do half D solo do 5 do do kip do 10 do kip and calf pump solo 6 do patent leather glove top button clastic sidoboots 2 do patent black cloth top do 2 do do drab do do. Terms at Sale. 2040 THIS DAY. Boot and Shoe Sale. 22 Trunks and Cases Watertight?, &c.; WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, . at their mart, 33 Colllns-strcet west, on Wednesday, 26th inst., at eleven o'olock, JO, M under, 11 to 16-6 trunks, each containing 30 pairs super long-leg watortights M, B under, 21 to 23-3 trunks, each 30 pairs colonial make do, 7 to 12 26- 1 trunk, 48 nuits wellingtons J 0, M B under, 27 to 34- 8 coses, each 30 paira extra long leg watertights, sprigged 35 to 38-4 cases, each 30 pairs kip lace up boots, eyelet-holed. Further Particulars at Sale. No Reserve. 2640 THIS DAY. Furniture. WBASEY end CO. will sell by auction, ? at their mart, 33 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, 8 mahogany and rosewood parlour suites. 36 rocking-chairs, 1 "maiiogány watdrobo Wood-seat chairs Cane do do Couches Tables And . A miscellaneous assortment of other furniture. To be Sold Without Reserve. 2649 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER. Damaged Tobacco. For tho Benefit of All Concerned. WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, . at their mart, 33 Collins-street west, on Friday, the 28th inst., at elovon o'clock, Ex Ncstorian, from New York, DF and O, 280 to 30G, 27 tierces tobacco, eagle brand, 233 to 268, 26 half-tierces do. All moro or less sea damaged, and to be EOld for the bonoftt of whom it may concern, Witliout Reserve. i Terms -.-Under £100, cash ; above that, an approved bill at three months, endorsed if required._ 2640 THIS DAY. Boot and Shoe Sale. 6 Trunks Superior Boots. Ex Morning Light, WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, . at their mart, 83 Collins-street west on Wednesday, 26th inst., at elovon o'clock, § 10-1 trunk containing 42 pairs calf wel- lingtons 11-1 do 42 pairs do 12-1 do 40 do stout kip do 38-1 do 00 do stout bluchers, tip-heels, sprigged 14-1 do 72 do women's patent seal slip- pers, Bostock's. All Superior Goods. No Reserve. 2640 " THIS DAY. " To Draners and Dealers, lame dresses Cashmere do Muslin do French barego do Do shawls Handkercliiofs Hosiery, &c.; _No Reserve._2610 THIS DAY. Glenfield Starch. WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, . at their mart, 33 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 cases Glenfield starch. _No Reservo._2662 THIS DAY. 7 Bales Paper. To be Sold at tho Risk of the Former Pur- chaser, Mr. Williams. WEASEY and CO. will soil by auction, # at their Mart, 83 Collind-strect west, on Wednesday, ¿6th inst, at eleven o'clock, 292 to 297- 0 bales, each 40 roams, dra- pers' double crown 299-1 bale, 84 reams, double small hand do. _Terms-Cash_2662 THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER. English Wooden Houses. At the rear of Bonar's Bonded Stores, Flin- ders-lane west. TIT" EASBY and CO. will sell by auction, fV . on tho premises, at the rear of Bonar's bonded store, Flinders-lane weBt on Thursday, 27th inst, Six English wooden houses, each 8 rooms Two do do, 4 do. Further Particulars nt Sale. To be Sold Without Beservo. 2662 THIS DAY. Ten Hogsheads Stout. WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, . at their mart, 33 Colllns-Btreet west, on Wednesday, 26th inst., at cloven o'clock, ,' 10 hogsheads stout. j ' No Reservo. ", ; . Terms-Cash, - 2040 THIS DAY. 250 Dozen Corn Brooms. 5,000 Mat Bags. TIT EASBY and CO. will Fell by auction, \\\m at theil mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, 26th inst., at eleven o'clock, 260 dozen corn" brooms ß,000 mat bogs. ^ . ""," No Reserve. 2640 Sal«» by Auction. MONDAY, 1st DECEMBER. Desirable Family Residence, with Forty Acres of Land, At Brighton, near the Royal Hotel and Beach. Important and Unreserved Sale of Most Va- luable Freehold Property, containing 40 Acres of Land, together with the Substan- tial Brick-built Residence, containing Five Rooms, with Kitchens, Sculleries, Pantry, Servant’s-rooms,Double Coach-house, Three- stall Stable, Harness-rooms, Fowl-houses, Piggeries, &c.;, in all forming one of the most Compact and Gentlemanly Residences in this favourite locality. Also, The Household Furniture, consisting of Hand- some Rosewood Drawing room Furniture, Rosewood Piano, Dining and Bed Room Chairs, Tables, Carpets, Curtains, Book-case, Chests of Drawers, Beds, Bedding, &c.; Horses, Albert Car, Harness (single and tan- dem), Gentlemen’s and Ladies’ Saddles Bridles, Ploughs, Harrows, Rollers, &c.; W. EASEY and CO. have been favoured with instructions from Thomas Splatt, Esq., J.P., who is proceeding to Eng- land, to sell by auction, at their mart, 83 Col- lins-street west, on Monday, 1st December, at one o’clock precisely, The above valuable property, containing 40 acres of land, together with the family residence, furniture, &c.; The house contains entrance-hall, dining and drawing rooms, and sleeping apartments, and is approached from the Go- vernment road by A Handsome Carriage Drive. The out-buildings consist of two kitchens, scnllery, pantry, two servants’ rooms, double coachhouse, three-stall stable, large store and shed, fowl- house, piggeries, &c.; There is an abundance of good water, sup- plied from two large tanks, each capable of containing 20,000 gallons. The grounds are beautifully laid out, and the garden is stocked with the choicest fruit trees and vines, and at the rear of the house is a five-acre paddock fenccd-in with close paling. Ten acres of the land has been cleared, and five acres of the same are now under crop. The whole property is fenced-in with a three- rail fence, with handsome entrance-gates. The property has a frontage to two Govern- ment roads—one one chain wide, and one two chains wide. Is within a few minutes walk of the Royal Hotel and beach. The road from Melbourne is macadamised nearly the whole way. In calling attention to this sale the auc- tioneers beg intending purchasers to go and view the property, as any description they can give will fall far short of the reality. Suffice it to say, that few places in the colony will be found to surpass this, both as regards the arrangement of the grounds and house, and its beautiful situation. Brighton is daily coming more and more into repute, and so soon as the railway is finished land in this neighbourhood will be- come invaluable. The above property will be either sold in one lot or subdivided in five or more acre allotments. Further particulars of furniture, &c.;, will be published in a few days. A plan of the above can be seen at the room of the auctioneers. Parties desirous of viewing the house and grounds will be furnished with cards on ap- plication to the auctioneers. Title—A Grant from the Crown. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. ???? THIS DAY. To Drapers, Hosiers, and Others, 4 Cases Dresses, Corahs, Hosiery, &c.; WEASEY and CO. will soil by auction, . at their mart 33 CoUinB-street west, on Wednesday, 26th inst., at eleven o'clock, 1 oaso corahs, table-cloths, &c.; 1 do white cotton hose 1 do rich silk flounced dresses and mantles 1 do blind nets, fancy ties, and muslin _Further Particulars at Sale. 2662 FRIDAY, 28th NOVEMBER, 60 Hhds. Ale. For tho Benefit of All Concerned. WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, . nt their mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Friday, the 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex De Salaberry. J R G over M in diamond over 99 over 168 60 hhds. Leeds ale, More or less sea damaged, and to be sold for the benefit of all concorned, witb^'.j ï«.B«?Yv( 2662 Um-"-1~-ia-:-. THIS DAY. To Provision Dealors and Country Store . keepers. A a. M'COMBE will soU by auction, in X1« his rooms, Collins-streot, next the Sank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 26th inst.. at eleven o'clock, 120 packages of Cork butter American hams Liverpool soap Wiltshire cheeso Tobacco, &o.; Further Particulars at Salo, 2637 THIS DAY. COO BagB, Moro or LesB, Californian Flour, Slightly Damaged, ex Carriboan. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in . bis rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 26th jrjßt,, at eleven o'clock, Ex Carriboan, from San Francisco, COO bags, caoh 60 lbs., flour, moro or less damaged by sea water. Tobe Sold on Account of All Concerned. _Without Reservo. 2637 THIS DAY. 73 Cases Oilmen's Stores. To be Sold on Account of All Concerned. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in, . his rooms, Oollins-Btreet, noxt tho Dunk ol Australasia, on Wednesday, the 26th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Athlet oí, YM and Co. in diamond, 8 boxes Belmont sperm candles, 1 case Robinson's groats,(Ï2 dozen), 0 casks cream of tartar., viboxes Caiman's blue, 2 boxes Colman's starch. Ex Olivia^ YM and Co. in diamond. 24 boxes Belmont sperm candles, 4 cases; Colman's ataren, 11 casca Colman's ¿-lb. mustard, 2 cases Colman's satin clazed starch, each 4 boxeB, 4 cases Dolman's {«anib blue.'i caSCS uGttlw fruit. To be Sold for Account of Whom it May Concern, _Without Resorve._2613_ THIS DAY. Olearing-out Rale of Groceries, &c.; AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in . his rooms, Collins-street, next tho Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 26th inst., at eleven o'clock. An Invoice of miscellaneous oilmen's stores, including Double Gloster cheese, sugar, tea, pickles, soap, starch, blue, butter, candles, to- bacco, biscuits, chicory, sauces, York barns, muBtard.wcighing-macbino, &c.; _No Reserve._2606 THIS DAY. Damaged Oats, AG. M'COMBE will seU by auction, in WBI . rooms, Collins-street, next tho Bankl of Australasia, on Wednesday, 26th inst, at eleven o'clock, I 60 bags Scotch oats, Slightly Bamagod. Tobe Sold for the Benefit of All Concerned, Without Reserve. 2000 THIS DAY. 801 Bottlos of Liqueurs, To Oloae a Consignment. âG. M'COMBE will aell by auction, . in his rooms, Collins-street, next tho k ot Australasia, on Wednesday, 26th inet.. at eleven o'clock? - I 801 bottles of liqneurs, assorted raspberry cherry, ginger, &c.; ^^ _No Reserve._266« A, THIS DAY. Importai Brown Paper. Cf. M'OOMBE will sell by auction, _in his rooms, CoIlinB-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 26th inst, at eleven o'clock. Marni D§ 8. 1 bale imperial brown, containing 10| reams of oOlbs. each i 14. 1 bale do., 8 reams of 60 lbs. No Reserve. 2666 THIS DAY; 80 Oases Summer Wellington Boots. AG. M'COMBE -will Beilby auction, ia . his rooms,Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 2Gth inst, at| .leven o'clock, 80, cases summer wellington boots. Just Arrived, and Seasonable Goods, further Particulars at Sale. 2637 _Salea by AucttonT ^ ~ . THIS DAY. "» Cleanng-out Sale of Drapery Tj""4 Fixtures, Fittings, nnalouA1119 rx- 1.x. -n > furniture, wa On the Premises of Messrs Hiles HT*. Co, Drapers, 19 Collins st A?' "* To Drapers, Householders, StowkäL Dealers, and Others epeis' J WADE, of Wade andO, begstn «I . nounoe that he has received iA?.81, lrom Messrs. Hiles, Evans, and C0 tft auction, on their promises, 19 nniii-ir lt east, on Wednesday, 26tï inst »' o'clock sharp, ' al ««en Without the Slightest Reserve offfv"fiq,}antlty of draperr'to *'** Prints and delainoB Ribbons and silks Underclothing Silk mantles Flowers Head-dresses MuBlins Counterpanes and quilts HoBlery, haberdashery And A quantity of other goods. Aleo, The handsome shop fittings, conaieuW 1 cedar counter, 21 feet lone SPfr shelves and ribbondrawfra "^ 1 do do, do, do 1 Bide-counter, fitted with im J drawers and Bhelvca n detP 1 handsome milliner'a show-case of «M. glut, with gilt mouldings and ¡ft" &" 8helvea' dra,V0r8' Aft 1 large mahogany millinery cane «tu with four bonnet drawee, thfÄ 1 do do, do, do 1 m to ST50'f0ur 8holve8'eta to* 2 spare glass fronts, do ohairs, and stair carpet, Sitting Room: 6 elegant cedar chaira, with morocco nufa 2 do do easy chairs, do. to match*804T Handsome cedar loo table Cover to do, coate of nrms in muna Uircli table, with two leaves and tuia&i; 2 iron bedeteads, with bedding, halt m, tresses Cedar washBtand and chamber service Dressing-glass, and 2 hair-seated ét¡¡¡ Also m Sundry kitchen furniture and utensili The Whole to be Cleared Off WithoutXL Sale to Commence at Eloven o'clock Bharp m THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBEfT"" Oats and Bran. JM'K AY will sell by auction, at his room . ] 7 Qneen-streot, on Thursday, 27th y nt eleven o'clock, 1 1,600 bushels oats, Scotch, Danish ati V.D. Land 600 do bran. _Particulars at Sale. 2C63 THURSDAY, 27thNOVEMBER. Loaf Sugar. Butter, Candles, Flour, Bite Currants. ' JM'KAY will submit to public corapeli . tion, at his rooms, 17 Qucen-itrettin Thursday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, 6 tierces loaf Bugar,10-lb loaves 50 tubs fresh butter 200 boxes sperm candles 20 tons best Adelaide flour 60 do Patna rico 20 cases sound currants 1 ton prime Yoik barns 60 cases Hogarth's preserved Bolmon 60 half-barrols dried apples 60 pockets Kent hops. _Particulars'at Solo. W THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER Old Tom, Whiskey, Ale, Porter, Moselle, Hook. For Positive Sale. JM'KAY will sell by auction, at Mi . rooms. 17 Queen-street, [on Thursday 27th inst,, at eleven o'clock, 100 cases sparkling moselle and hock 6 qr-casks old tom 15 do May whiskey 80 WksJiWaareahu porte". _Particulars at Sale. TO THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBEB. Gunny-bngs, Sacks, White Lead, &c.; JM'KAY will submit to pnbllc comp . tltion, at ]n's rooms, 17 Queenetree on Thursday, 27th inBt., at eleven o'clock, 20 bales gunny-hugs 4 do 8-bushel sackB 2 tons white lead, 28-lb. drums 20 pairs cart wheels and axles 1 spring-cort, new._2G& THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBEB. Crooked Corn. On Account of Whom It May Concern, JM'KAY will sell by auction, at MB roo« , 17 Queen-street, on Thursday, 21 I inst., nt eleven o'clock, 60 barrels American corn, cracked. _Particulars at Sale. 266! THUBSDAY,27th NOVENBEB, Maize. JM'KAY will aell by auction, at hiaroomi . 17 Queen-street, on Thursday, 2Jtl inat., at eleven o'clock, 1,000 bushels maize, whole and crocked _Particulars at Sale. 26CÍ THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER. Slops, Ironmongery, &c; J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction, . at the New Commercial Sales Boom, Bourke street, on Thursday, 27th lost, ii twelve o'clock precisely, A largo assortment men's wearing appM &c;" including Men's doe coats and trousers Lo tweed do Drab and millers' moles Light summer clothing Fancy and doo vests Regatta and Scotch twill shirts White do do Jumpers and under shirts Brown cotton hoso and halt-hose And a variety of miscellaneous so't goods To Oloao Consignments. Salo to commence with a small invoice of ironmongery, brass foun^;" Jio., including irurec paira largó Sack s£eclyatdf(f< . _XB,-No Reserve. S»j. THIS DAY. Keilor Brewery. By Order of tho Mortgageo. HA. COFFEY, of Beaver and Coffey, i . instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Wednc« 20th inst., at eloven o'clock, A firet-rato brewery, , , , .. In the occupancy of Mr. Sheffield, facing the moin road, together with the whole of tis plant, &c.; . , ,., . , A neat dwelling-house attached, v?lb m to tbreo years' lease, at tho nominal rent oi 10B. per week. , _,, ,. ,h Terms-Half Cash, Balance at Three Monti) THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and 0 Mri Crimean Lamps and Patent Candles HA. COFFEY, of Beaver and Coo ? . instructed to sell by miction, at ii rooms, 36 Collins street weBt, on Wed« 26th inst, at elevon o'clock, JJ over M in diamond, Junder, 2 cases Buperlor Crimean toi», on», best manufacture, just imported A large assoitment'of'candleBStiils^'l carriage-lamps._ THIS DAY. TÛ1D va. *. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Store«»' HA. COFFEY, of Beaver and Coto» e instructed t'o sell by auction* looms, 36 Collins street west, on WcdnW. 2Gth inst., at elevon o'clock, httw 100 casks Edward's bottled ale.çacn'» and half dozen, finest quality , 176 do do porter, in »^Ä«B The whole of this parcel has boen » ( about three weeks, and is now in the ^ ""Ases port, treble diamond,!*» each, fino quality. 76 do dQVory superior ^ 8 quarter-casks brandy, ««u quality 0 hogsheads whiskey 1 do gin " %\ THIS DAY. V. D. Ii. Potatoes. ,rto! HA COFFEY, of Beaver MO®», . instructed to sell ^"«Ä moms, 80 Collins-street west, on Wea«»» 2Cth lust, at eleven o clock,. 30 ton» fineBtV. D.L. potatoes Terms-Cash. 25i; No Reserve. 