.Satos tj) auction. TO-MORROW. To Storekeepers, Provision Merchant*, nnd Others. AOi M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his . rooms, Collins street, next tho Bnnlcof Austral asia, ou Friday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 bales large gunny bags_ 10 bales do, superior quality 10 tons best grain 20 tierces haras 10 tons Liverpool feather soap 10 tons loaf sugar, in good order. Further particulars at salo. . TO-MORROW. To Groocrp, Storekeepers, and Country Dealers. Unreserved Salo of 650 Cases of Butter in tins. ? A G. M'COMBE has been instructed by Messrs. E. F. Sichell and Co., to sell by auction in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock. Tho whole of their remaining unsold consignments of butter iu tins, viz : 550 cases of butter, in tins of 8 lb. and 1G lbs. each. The above will be sold without reserve for Cash, but intending purchasers for largo quantities may make arrangements with tlio auctioneer to buy on liberal . credit. ? TO-MORROW. Groceries and Oilmen's Stores. A G. M' COMBE will sell by auction, in his r\ rooms, Collins street, next tho Bank of Austral asia^ on Friday, the 27th instant, at eleven o'clock, A largo assortment of groceries and oilmen's stores, to close consignments. Full particulars at sale. TO-MORROW. Candles. Pearl Barley. Coffee. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his . Rooms, Collins street, next tho Bank of Austral asia, on Friday, the 27th instant, at eleven o'clock, 100 boxes candles 5 casks pearl barley ' 2 cases bouka (substitute for coffee). Without any reserve. TO-MORROW. 400 Cases Goodman and Wyatt's Pickles . 50 Barrels Split Peas. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his . rooms, Collins street, next tho Bank of Austral asia, on Friday, tho 27th instant, at cloven o'clock, 400 cases Goodman aud Wyatt's pint pickles 60 barrels split peas. - To closo consignments. No reserve. TO-MORROW. ~~ ~ Drapery and Clothing. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in hit . Rooms, Collins stroet, next the Bank of Austral asia, on Friday, the 27th Instant, at cloven o'clock, 6 cases drapery and clothing, including ladles' dresses, sha wis, paletots, and miscellaneous goods. No reserve. ' THIS . DAY. — ~ 20 Cases and Bales Clothing, Drapery, &c.; For 'Unreserved Salo. To Drapers, Storekeepers, and Others. 'ITT M. TENNENT and CO.. have received in YY ? structions to sell by auction, at their rooms, . on Thursday, 26th inst, at. twelve o'clock, ; Invoice of tlio following goods — Fancy ties, braces, shirts, belts, cravats, drab and brown felt hats, diggers' leathsr belts, Brussels bags, black oilskin coats, reversibles zephyr leggings, Venetian bags, felt hats, indispensable hooks, wrappers, caps, saddles, coats, riding and hunting whips, stirrup leathers, green silk visors, wrappers, plaids, &c.;, &c.; Suits of shepherds' cheek,' dress coats, vests, trowsers, sack coats, monkey jackets, Witney sacks, tweed vescs, coats, pea jackets, waterproof clothing, regatta ?and flannel shirts, railway rugs, boots, various, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Without reserve. To closo consignments. Terms at sale. 32 26 \- ' : THIS DAY. ' ' To Ship Chandlers, Sailmakors, Storekeepers, and Others. Unreserved Salo of Tarpaulins, Tent, Dray, and Homo Cnvors, Bags, Sheeting, Dowlas, Navy Canvas, etc. ~VVT' M. TENNENT and CO. have .received in YY ? structions to sell by auction at their rooms, on Thursday, 26th inst. , at twelve o'clock, DG in triangle, E under — ; ? 300 351 5 bales' dray covers, sizes from 10 x 12 to 15 x 18 feet 365 366 2 do bleached canvas 317 318 2 do dray covers 349 1 do blcaclied russias 354 1 do dray covers, 16 x 20 355 356 2 do navy canvas 381 333 3 do 40 in. bleached russias 384 1 do 21 do osnaburglis 385 380 2 do bleached 4-bushel sacks 387 1 do do dowlas ? ? . . 388 1 do tarpaulin hemp 389 1 do brown sheeting . 391 1 do bleached do 392 393 2 do gunny bags 397 401 5 do bleached canvas , ? - - ? Terms at sale. ? 30 26 TO^^WW. Tho Entire Cargo of the Acacia, from tho Mauritius, Of Sugars, Molasses, Dates, &c.; To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received in . structions from the importers, Messrs R. Towns and Co., to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, Tho cargo of Mauritius sugars, j Er Acacia. Comprising assorted crystals, and best counter sugars expressly selected to suit tho requirements of this mar . ket, of tho following brands : — 1 Mourit Piton, 450 bags 2 Beauchampe, 540 do 3 Mapon, 149 do 4 Ravin, 418 do 5 Belle Vue, 32 do G Vx. Couvois, 25 do 7 L'Unite, 126 do 8 Trianon, 220 do 9 La Gaiete, 200 do 10 Mapon ,500 do 11 Grande Basse, 10 do] ? (Molasses.) I 212 casks superior molasses (Dates.) 24 bags dates &c.;, &e.;, &c.-; Terms liberal, at sale. Samples may be seen at tho rooms of tho auctioneers. ? . ? 31 26 $ °*v ? TO-MORROW. Cargo of Superior Congou Teas. Ex Jamestown. To follow tho Cargo of Mauritius Sugars, ox Acacia. To Tea Dealers, Merchant, Groccers, and Others. . . Two thousand threo hundred and forty-two Chest s, and Five hundred and ten half-chests of Now finest Congou Teas, just landed as above, tjgf The Trade and others are. invited to sample tho abovo Cargo of Teas, as they are of extra fine quality. 'TT7' M. TENNENT and CO., havo received in YY ? structions from tho importers to sell by auction at their rooms, on Friday, 27tli inst., at twelve o'clock, The cargo of Teas as abovo, comprising — D in square, W F under. No. 3 201 chests finest New Congou Tea ' 4 120 do do do 5 232 do do do 6 430 do do do 7 604 do do do . 8 755 do do do 1 411 half-chests extra fine Congou 2 99 do do do &c.; &c.; &c.; Terms liberal, at sale. S3 226 , - THIS DAY. ? To Farmers, Carriers, Wharf Draymen, and Others. First class Draught Horses, from Sydney. WW. ANSLOW (of Anslow and Burdon,) has . been favored by the proprietor with instruc tions to sell at the Yards, 61 Bourko street west, on Thursday, the 26th inst., at twelve o'clock, ' 20 first-class draught horses, imported on Tues day last, ex London, from Sydney. They aro all in capital condition, thoroughly guaranteed, and being carefully selected can be re commended to all intending purchasers. The horses can now bo seen at the stables connected With the sale yards 23 225 THIS DAY. To Bus Proprietors and Others. WW. ANSLOW is instructed to sell, at the , Yards of Anslow and Burdon, on Thursday, 20th inst., nt twelve o'clock, 2 omnibuses, witli 4 sets of harness. They are to be sold without reserve, in order to elope a partnership account. ' 4 234 gales fss auction. ? ' ' THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. 171 D WARD GILBERT nnd CO. will sell by auction, at tho Hall of Free Trnde, Elizabeth street, on Thursday, 26th inst., at twelve o'clock, Lucifer matches. 20 eases cheese. More or less damaged. Terms— cash. 13 26 TIMS DAY. EDWARD GILBERT and'CO. have received in structions to sell by auction, at tho Hall of Froc a. rude, Elizabeth street, on Thursday, 26th inst., at twelve o'clock, 4 cases preserved salmon 20 do bottled fruits 70 do Sydney candles - 83 boxes Liverpool soap 15 casks sugar-cured hams 48 kegs butter. ? Terms at salo. 11 '6 THIS DAY. T?DWARD GILBERT and CO. havo received in I'j structions to sell by auction, at tho Hall of Free Trade, Elizabeth street, on Thursday, 26tli inst., at twelvo o'clock, 9 cases English jams 10 do salad oil 15doportwino 35 do do 40 sherry - SO casks bottled stoat. : Terms at sale. 12 26 THIS DAY. EDWARD GILBERT and CO. will sell by auction, at tho Hall of Free Trade, Elizabeth street, on \- Thursday, 26th inst., at twelvo o'clock, 100 boxes sperm candles 4 tons Mauritius sugar. Terms at sale. 14 26 ,, ~ THIS DAY. ? ? ' ' ? Wool and Tallow, ? At Goldsbrvjgli's Stores. EDWARD ROW and CO., will sellby auction at Goldsbrough's Stores, Market street, on Thursday, 26tli inst., at cloven o'clock, 160 bales of. wool ;? 15 tons of tallow. ? ' 16 2G ~ THIS DAY. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. . FRASER and COHEN aro instructed to sell by auction at tho Mart, on Thursday, 26th inst., at eleven o'clock, sharp, 100 cases, each 4 dozen, Feast's pint picklca 40 do, each 6 do, half pint salad, oil 6 tons colonial (Sydney) soap ? 2 do Steele's Liverpool do 10 cases French vinegar 16 do 1-lb. and 2-lb. marmalado 5 do J-lb. mustards ^ 20 do 1-lb. and 2-lb. salmon. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. ? *T7(RASER and COIIEN will sell by auction, at the I ' stores of Messrs Gill, Fowler and Co., 13 Littlo Collins street west, on ' Thursday, 26th inst., at eleven o'clock, 120 sheets, each 6 feet by 2 feet 4 inches, gal vanised corrugated iron 151 do, each 5 feet by 2 feet 1 inch painted do 49 do, each 6 feet by 2 feet 1 ineli, do do 74 do, each 7 feet by 2'fcet 1 inch, do do 27 do, various Weighing in all about 5 tons. 16 deals, 10 feot by 6 inches by 2J 16 do, 17 feet by 6 inches by 2? 8 do, 15 feet 8 inches by 5 inches by 2 16 do, 15 feet 8 inches by 5 inches by 1§, grooved 72 wood pillars covered with galvanised iron 24 galvanised iron ridges, each 6 feet 8 doors, 6 feet 6 inches by 2 feet 8 inches 8 windows And a quantity of Washer's screw bolts, &c.; The wholo being tho materials for the construction of eight houses, and -will bo sold in lots to suit pur chasers, and ? Without any reserve. ??? THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors. FRASER, and COHEN aro instructed to soil by auction, at the Mart, on , Thursday, 26th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, 600 bushels Danish oats 100 boxes Muscatel raisins ?, 240 drums figs , 0 cases prunes, in boxes 100 boxes Belmont No. 1 candles 50 do Neva stearino do - 300 do adamantine, do 5 cases tartaric acid 4 tons arsenic 10 tons Liverpool soijp 50 -firkins double roso Cork butter 50,000 Manilla cigars. Terms at sale. ' ~ ~~ THIS DAY. r ' -At ths Hall of Commerce. , Most Important Sale of Stock and the Poon Boon and Moorooma Stations, in tho New South Wales Dis trict, with tenure of Lease. 'YYr PHILPOTT is instructed by William De YY ? graves, Esq., in consequcnco of his intended departure for England, to submit to public auction, at the Sales Room, Hall of Commerce, Melbourne, on Thursday, 26th inst., at half-past two o'clock precisely, Tho well-known and' most valuable of tho Royal Bank Stations, Poon Boon, With stock, consisting of — . . SH13E1-. . 1717 wethers, six-tootli 2711 do four do ? 3624 do two do r 5650 owes, full mouthed - 1305 do do 1903 do six-tootli 2714 do'four do ' 3673 do two do 99 rams, six and four do 23,396 : — ? CATTLE. ,1200 bullocks, all two years and over 800 heifers and cows, all two years and over 20 station horses '. 2 teams working bullocks _ And all tho necessary implements and appliances of a first-class station. _ Tho sheep aro all in a sound and healthy condition, and have been drafted and classed with tho greatest judgment. There aro between four and five thousand owes and wethers, prime, fat, and now ready for market. In September there will be fully threo hundred head ol cattle ready to como off, with a proportionate number to follow at duo intervals. ; Description of Run. _ . This station, so well known to every resident in the Murray and Edward districts, has already been most ably described in tho advertisements prior to the origi nal sale of tho Royal Bank Stations. Fewstations either in New South Wales or Victoria possess the advantages which are clearly marked'in the maps and plans of the Poon Boon. Tho fattening capabilities of tho run have been most celebrated- from tho earliest days of melting ; and na ture has perhaps given these qualities moro liberally to this tract of country than to any other in Australia. The station has a frontage to the Murray of its whole length, and is- bounded by the Logan, Wakool, and Edward Rivers, almost forming an island, and only wanting a fence of about six jnilos_ from tho Logan above tho head station in a ri/jht lino to tho Murray to render tho station one vast and secure grazing pad dock. . No country can bo more perfectly -watered, as, m addition to its being bounded by fine running rivers, there are twelve fresh- water lak es, so scattered through out the run as to render every acre availablo foi grazing. The Island Station, running parallel with tho Mur ray, will carry and fatten a la:rge herd of cattle. The depasturing capabilities, are estimated at thirty five thousand sheep and five -thousand head of cattle. The country has ever been, freo from disease, and the situation and formation of the run must neccssaril) protect it from casualties incidental to those runs which are contiguous to the maia -roads for driving stock. There is a comfortable four-roomed houso at tho heat station. For further particulars c.f description and terms applj to the auctioneer, in wlios o rooms maps of the run ant adjacent country are at al' 1 times open to inspection. ' AVKDNESr JAY, 2nd JULY. At the II all of Commerce. Sale of Extensive Proj- .erty, at the Wharf, Melbourne. Messrs Swaine, Webb an- d Co.'s Stores, Land and Premises. -TTriLLIAM rillLPOT-; P is instructed by the attorneys o YV the trustees of J Icssrs Swaine, Webb and Co. t( submit to public competitio n by auction, on Wednesday, 2i.i d July, at twelve o'clock, _ All that freehold allotra ent or parcel of land containing bj admeasurement one rood a . nd thirty-six perches, being a towi half-acre allotment, sitiiab 3 in the city of Melbourne, bcnn allotment No. 5, section No. .2. This splendid prop&rt.y; i *uns through from Flinders ntrec to Little Flinders streei1;, Shaving a frontage to each street o CG feet, and on it are erec tc :d the spacious four story brick ar.i stone stores. Separate t-usincss and offices also frontuif Flinders street. Sheds, st siblcs, and out-offices. It may be concisely stat 2d that this property at once afford: all that can be required fo. r the working of the largest mercan tile establishment in Mclbi iurnc. , The water and wharf fri ?ntage render it peculiarly valuabli for milling purposes, or fo r any large manufacturing or pro ducing establishment ; ana', t'nis should be the more Inghl; estimated, as it is almost the1 c oily remaining half-acre tbrougl allotment near the wharf. These premises and land w ill be offered to competition if one lot, witli tho upset prico of £15,000. Tho purchaser ml [ have the advantage of easy pavment, in conscquence of ai existing mortgage over the property £0000 with eiguteei. months to run. _ L,. , ,, , Terms for' the balance -One-third cash, one-third t|'e( months, one- third tix montl is, without interest. 1* Sfiles glucliosi TO-MOllROW. T Impor'nnt Sale of Furniture, Wino, Spirits, &e.; -J[ ~\lV M'CAAV and ANOTHER have received in 1 T 8 . structions from Mr Sinclair, to sell by nuction at the Bridge Inn, Plenty River, on - Friday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, Tlio whole of tho furniture. and extensive stock of the above inn, comprising — - Tho furniture of 4 parlors, 5 bedrooms, kitchen ' utensils, &e.;, &c.; ? _ ' ' ? .A ? Hogsheads (unbroken) of brandy; rum, whiskey, \ wino, porter, &o.;,'&c.; ? Together with, All the broken stock of spirits, wines, ales, porters, &c.;, &c.; . Also, Eight very superior horses, draught and saddle A number of milk cows 15 steers, for yoking or beef . A number of pigs and poultry. Also, A number of horses, cows, bullocks, The property of parties in tho neighborhood. ; 56 271 NOTICE. — Auctions and Valuations Attended in Town nnd Country at the shortest notice, and lowest terms, by G. Iv . JOHNSTON, Auctioneer and Commission Mei chant, 58 Elizabeth street, Melbourne. ? 8 1264 m, th ? jfflctdjaitin'gc. ? ? A MEllICAN BOOTS, SHOES and RUBUERS— /\ 600 cases kip, calf and wax Fremont boots 200 do grain and kip, copper and iron nailed boots ~ 300 do heavy, medium, aud light pegged Wel lingtons n 50 do calf, and patent leather elastio side I boots J 60 do metallic rubber long and kneo boots 50 do ladies' and misses' gaiters 10 do rubber overshoes Just received and for Sale by JAS. F. MAGUIRE - and CO., Impor'-prs and Wholesale Dealers, 30 King I street. ? ' ? 7 2264 RIGHT BROTHERS, and CO. liavo on -sale— Joulcs's stone ale, in lilids. a . Duulop cheese, tho finest f Salmon, lib and 21b tins Lobsters, Scotch butter ? ? g Castor oil, salad oil p Sardines, quarters and halves _ 0 Preserved game, hare, grouso, partridgo Keating's cough lozenges _ j. Fruits, pickles, snuccs, pictorial meats (l Quicksilver, Winfield's bedsteads T Best navy boiled canvas. j, BRIGHT, BROTHERS and CO., cornor of Bond £ street and Flinders lane. ? 8 263 - R1SCOE and CO., 60 Elizabulhi.street, havo on J sale — Bar iron, flat, 1 to 31 in. ,Do, squaro, § to 1J do Do, round, J to 1J do Hoop and shoot iron ! q Octagon steel and copper bolt Carron boxes, 2J to dh in. b Anvils, vyces, and hammers ® Smiths' bellows, 28 to 24 in. Horse nails (Walker's) - Coach bolts and screws Portablo forges ' . Horso rasps, files, &c.; Iron wire, Nos. 4 to 10 Tinsmiths' tools aud mountings J Iron and galvanised pails Tinware of all descriptions ' American axes, picks, shovels, &c.;, (Collins') - Do. axo and pick handles Do. pails, tubs, and brooms _ ? English axes, picks, and shovels Do. pick-handles Foster's long strap spades _ ' Manilla rope and Bengal lines Tents, tarpaulings, and canvas ? Clout nails, | to 1 inch 1 Cut tacks, English and American Quartz-breaking hammers and quicksilver Blasting powder and fuse J Sportiug powder and lead shot Door mats and cocoa matting Solar suspending lamps, 2, , 3, and 4 light ^ - Japanned black lamps ' Palmer's candle lamps ^ Chinese lamp oil J Boiled and raw linseed do. White lead and zinc paint Carpenters' tools . - Brass foundry and bell furniture Register grates and kitchen ranges 1 Wood grates, wrought and cast iron fenders Cast iron air bricks j Rain pipes and shoot Sheet lead and pipe Fairbank's weighing machines and counter scales. b ? 34 1202 nit t ]'^OR SALE, at tho Stores of the Undersigned,— 1 '( Wortliinglon and Robinson's No. 3 Burton alo Thompson and Son's No. 3 do do / Truman's XX stout Cases Bryant and Davies's alo and porter L Do Dunbar and Sou's do do Do Pigeon's, and Swaino aud Boord's old torn Do brandy, U. V. P., Dumas, &c.; Bulk brandy, Martoll's, U. V. P., and Otard's Hhds arid qr.-caslcs Islay whiskey ? Hhds and pipes Heart's three diamond ports Firkins double rose Cork butter Huntley and Palmer's biscuits Feast's, Batty's, Crosse and Black well's pickles Batger's fruits, Crosse and Blackwell's vinegar Crosso and Blackwell's cayenne popper, salmon, salad oil, capers Loa and Perrin's Worcestershire sauco Jamaica ginger, ground and whole Honoydew and twist tobacco Pimento, wholo and ground . Carraways . . ' Pearl barley, split peas Arsenic Tart, acid, sulpli. acid . - ! Essence lemon, corks 1 Iron columns ? Deals, 3 x11. . ... DE PASS, BROTHERS and CO. 7 202 JUST LANDED, cx Clutha, Athelstane, Champion of the Seas, Atalanta, and other lato arrivals, . and on Sale by the undersigned— 60 kegs clout nails 4 tons canip-ovens 2000 coils Bickfords patent fuso 1 ton blasting powder 150 Newcastle grindstones 20 dozen long-strapped spades Scotch made beams and stands Sydney bullock -bells \- F*yingpans, sad irons Japan ware, assorted Cutlery, brushware And a general assortment of ironmongery goods - suitable for storekeepers ... JOHN THOMSON, wholesale and retail iron- £ monger, '194 Elizabeth street. ' ? ' .8 ON SALE, at 35 Swanston stroet, nearly opposit a tlie Bank of Victoria — - i Teas, sugars, coli'ee, butter, and a general assort- | nient of grocories ^ b ; Port, sherry, claret, champagno, hock, alo, por- n tor, &c.;, all of tho best brands. . e In returning thanks to his numerous friends o:nd tho n public generally, the undersigned has pleasuro in di- c i recting attention to his present stock ot goods— all ol . tho best description— wlxicli he is determined to sell at g ? prices to meet the pressure of tho times. c i ALEX. WEIR, 35 Swanston street, late of 14-S ? Bourke street, east. ? ? ? 14 MbL -| O' N S ALE by tho undersigned, — i Galvanised plain and corrugated .Iron, 24 g 20 ? and 18 g ' 1 Do, tinned iron tiles, 24 and 28 g ^ Ridge capping, guttering, O G and plain piping, heads, shoes, joints, holdfasts, brackets, . nails, rivets, boots, coach and wood screws, | wheelbarrows, &c.; Rod, Bar, Angle, and Nail Iron, best brands 2000' feet j- and % running bar fencing , 200 6-feet ornamental Hurdles c r 100 dozen mining picks 1 Arsenic, best English, in keg? White load, 28 and 50 lb kegs I PORTER BROTHERS and DAVIS, do William v street, opposite Telegraph. ? ? z . ] ON SALE by tho undersigned,— i 300 boxes sperm can dies 100' firkins double-rose Cork butter „ ' .- 30 cases castor oil, half pints 200 do, Feast's pint pickles I.N.E. mat'ehes - ? , Wax vestas, wooden, tin, and paper boxes f Muscatel and Eleme raisins 1 Pearl barley, split peas c Volckman's jams and jellies . Patna rico . J 1 Cheddar cheese, prime quality j Bottled alo arid porter t J. KATZENSTEIN and CO., 24 Littlo^Collms ^ 1 STOREKEEPERS and buiers— _ r X LANGLAND3, BUKJK andCO., havo on Sale, , ex recent arrivals— , 5 Scotch twill slurts s 'VVliite dress and regatta shirts j 3 ' Printed druggetting, green baizes White and colored blankets _ i- Lambswool and merino under clothing 1 Hosiery, gloves, and small wares Woollen and cotton cord trowsers 1 Tweed, doeskin, and moleskin trowsers , 1 Prints, rolled sliirtings, silesias . 1 Cobuigs, inerino3, and alpacas it 72 and 36 in. greys, Horrock s long cloths, &c.; 1 141 Flinders lano west, Melbourne. J- J— 1 isHfirfjnntiisc. IOK SAL E, at tho lowest market price—, ; 600 tons prime colonial llour * 200 do Adelaido do 300 do Haxall and Gallego do 300 do Chilian do 500 do fresh bran 50 do corrugated iron WM. DEGRAVES and CO;, Flinders lano. 22 26 XrAI.TEIt TOWliLL, Wholcsalo Ironmonger, Swaiibton ' Y street, has on Sale — 10 tons sheet 7.inc, 9 and 10 15 do patent galvanised corrugated iron 20,000 patent galvanised iron tiles ,. ltidgecap,' guttering, spouting, hrackots, screws, &c.; 10 tons chni'co:il, slicet iron 10 to 28 guage ? , 200 boxes tin plates, IC 1XXXX Patent nails aiul wrought clout 200 tons bar and rod iron Cast, blistered, spring and shear stee. Blacksmiths' bellows, vyces and anvils ' Do tire-irons and forge bricks Cart boxes and enmp ovens ? 300 bundles black and galvanised fencing wire 100 do tinmen's wire, all sizes Saslx weights and patent lino 150 American cooking stoves ] 100 register and cottage stoves Bullock-trace, dog, and back chains Tin washing dishes nnd gold-siovos Patent tin teapots, 3 to 7 pints Do do milk dishes Do mangles Pewter candle moulds, in benches 200 boxes American clothes pins 200 American tray nnd garden barrowB 50 dozen long-handle squaro American shovels 400 bolts navy duck ???— 10 bales Raven's do ? ? 1 8a J I nit ; ? (Companies. ? PROVIDENT INSTITUTE ) Monoy 30 Queen street, - in sums of £100 MELBOURNE. ) nnd upwards. Loaned on, and only on Freehold Property. Bv order of tho Bonrd of Management, 22.2264 ? JOSEPH MACARDY. ?ROVIDENT lNSril Ui'E, 1 j)Ep0SlT x-E1.AllT. 30 Queon street, - ,n,VT MELBOURNE. ) Mrar DurosiT may begin with 0110 pound, or with any mount of capital ; and it may be increased at pleasuro. 1'UIE MANAGING DIRECTOR especially invites thoso persons who have never yet habituated them ulvestotlio niiritoDUCTivK deposit of swings, sun Lus, and unemployed moneys, 'to (ivni'1 themselves f the advantage, security, nnd facilities, of tho PiioviDENT Institute 01' Victouia,. l liberal interest, freehold security of abundant value, legitimate disiribution of money, a.nd the general roll-being, nro tho grounds upon which this invitation s bnsed. ? '? , 1 2264 JOSKPII MACARDY, Managing Director. VTORTHEltN ASSUKAis'CK CUMi'ANV, I For Fire and Life Assurance at home and abroad. Estubliahcd in 1836. Incorporated by Act of Parliament. Capital— £1,259,760 sterling. Chairman— The lUglit noil. Lord Ernest Brucc, M.P. All claims settled in Melbourne. No reference at homo re UN.eB.'— Tlie Policies o (this Company aro not only Guaranteed y a large capital, but also by the UNLIMITED PliKSONAl RESPONSIBILITY of nearly 1000 Shareholders. Agent for Victoria: — WAI. L. CHALMMIS, 107 Collins rcet west, next to Jia/ik of New South \N alca. _ ? jBtegg anti ,-|Fn3l)ton. A MEllICAN TROWSERS to measure, 103.6(1. See tho cloth in tho water-butt at DOBSON b, Jourkc street cast, Melbourne. ? 5 1/St) A-SINGLE_HF_DOtJBLE BREASTED DOE or A TWEED VEST, 16s. Cd. to measure, a splendid it. DOBSON'S, Bourko street east, Melbourne. G 178 o 7 PAllt BLACK Oli COLOlliiD DOE TltOU A SEItS, milled cloth, to measure, 22s. Gd. iUN'S, Bourke street east, Melbourno. ? 7 l/8o A WINXJilt FASHIONABLE SAU COAT, Ms. f\\_ ' shrunk, and made to measure. DOBbOr^ b II Bourko street cast, Melbourne. ? 8 A AVIN'L'EU EASlliONABLE iJAUET COAT, L Jl- mado to order, fit guaranteed. DOBfaO^l b, jourkc streot east, Melbourne. ' 178o 'T — SAC, or PAGET COAT, 27s. 6d., usually nd A vertised 35s. DOBSON, tailor, woollen draper, Bourke street, Melbourne. 10 178u EDINBUltGII i-. o u s u . — 1300X11 and BALslLLIE, Drapers, Hosiers, im.l Outntters, 127 Swanston ntreot. ^ WllOLKSALE AND itKTAlL., 10 S787 JONES AND COMPANY, JILITAltY TAILOltS, LADIES' IIAB1T MAKERS, AND COSTUMIEKS. The most fashionable and the best makers of tiding Habits, Dress Suits, Naval, Civic, and other uniforms. .Hiding Trowsers, l'antaloons, ilrcechcs and Dress Trowsers. JOHliS AND CO, *ccd onlv refer to their extensive experience in ono or th leading Military trades in the West End of London, 'o which they havo added every improvement suggested by their COLONIAL I'ltACTICE, Ind are prepared to guarantee a perfect l'it ; the best goods and tho latest improvements in style and design. Terms licit cash. Bourke streot east, near tho New Houses of Parliament.^ T 11 O 11' S E 11 S ( for the /Season) : Fashionably Made to Measure, (well shrunk,) at e. and J. JSSriS'S, Edinburgh House, 0 n_a. 41 anil 43 Mourke street east. ? 8 i'80 Improved Dress S X I X T O First-class Workmanship, guaranteed to Fit, Newest Shapes, ' a and J . °E 8 P I X ? B , Edinburgh House, 41 and 43 Bourke street east. 15 pjqU rV K T E 11 '1' H O M S O N — K CKLKIiaATKI) BU AGELESS T 11 O 'NV S E It S, which is still—amidst various imitations— unsurpassed, combines all tlie requisites of a perfcct lit. TO MB HA1- KEADY-]V[ADE (OWN MAKE,) Samples in the Window OP pete k in o M S O N a OPPOSITE 'AOK OI'FICB. ' u/ol 1ST A It M WIN T E It ' T KOIVSOB W r.AnaE AS3011TMK.NT (OWN 5IAKK rONCHOS, 1'ILO'i', 1UDI.NG, AhD Hll JACKLTS, AND I.AMMSWOOI. llOSlKllY, AT l'ETEll THOMSON'S, rp a T L O It AND CLOlHIEBp (Opposite 'Age' Office,) Melbourne. g o7gi . ayntcggcg. ? . B.n ,,,,,, rT I' —BAGATELLE TABLES on Salo, tho best in H^rnlnnv witli pookets, slate beds, andall improvements, ssl fiSSSBESBSg ast end, Melbourne. ? ? ? ? ? — SurenaobfCthree TtSe' ^ SSli&g; JofTce.' to all parts of tho colony. ? ? B Parlor and Bar-room Stoves, ltangcs and Cabouses.^87 iourke-strect cast. ? — - — „ — rr—rr „ . A r K E'S GOLD O if E 1 O L J All business will in future bo carricd on 86 ELIZABETH STItEET. „ Near tho Colonial Bank. 3° S-'0 ~ run D i AND COOKE T Accountants, Arbitrators, and Estate Agents compilers of .. ?'THE INSOLVENCY [CIRCULAR. 81 Collins-Btreet east. ? 17 °~ t ... ? r~s O U 11 OPENING DAY.'— T X 1 FltEEMASONS' TAVERN, . ,, Corner ' ^lnrSfesicii of the ''Treeinasons' Tavern,' felt that thero ros room ft? compcUtion in this line for a first-class Faanl, ^TheHotel°S'-a^commodtous' Two-story Substantial Brick ' Tho'lfar is totaUy disconnected from tho l'ublio .Itooms by ,n Entrance Hall. . Large Public Dining Room. Dinners prepared on the shortest notico. . x every day from one to.thrce o'clock. Private Dinhig and Drawing Rooms for Private Parties. ?he wliolo^of'the'iwins^o^ri^cd nn^'?lnstorcdn^roijBh 'i^rrXr^dptoThcr^ir Pivil and attentive houso servants, waiters, and grooms. The best AVines and LUiuers always served m the bar as well c t!°— Luncheon Gratis at the bar from Eleven till One o'clock Sl':~, ' ,^n„gcrs hooked for Cobb's conveyance. 23 81c vcst, opposUo^t r«trick^s IIa!|. IIas ^vinL^Vorrers] 81 nollins-strect cast. ? 18 0201 ? MADE WINTER COACHES for eleven pas AM«mgers/ ' W^LIAMS'S coach factory CoUms street^iist. ? ? ? T u' — i-PKt Enirlish aud Colonial Coals, lowest o°?s. « \- . iSlcctfou jSToftcc. mo THE ELECTORS OF GEELONG.— B Gextlemen', — In offering myself ns a candidate for the honor of representing your important town in tho Legislative Assembly, it is incumbent that I should furnish, for your information, nn abstract of my poli tical opinions. In addrossing myself to tho discharge of this obligation, I feel sensibly the gravity and re sponsibility of tho undertaking. As it is my wish so shall it bo my endeavor to enter with entire sincerity, into a full and frank nvowal of my political con victions. I look upon tho circumstanccs by which wo arc sur rounded as eminently hopeful and encouraging. The physical advantages of the country of our adoption leave littlo to be desired. Our population, intelligent and prosperous, needs but tho_ desideratum of good Government to secure all that i3 desirable in tho pve scnt,— leaving as a goodly heritage to succccding gene rations the magnificent possibilities of tlio future. Wc stand just now, as it were, on tho threshold of freo in stitutions, about to cast off tho fetters imposed by nn irresponsible despotism, and nrdently desire to rccog niso nnd adopt in our political arrangements those ideas of civil nnd religious equality, evolved by tlio strifes of many ages, which are alike sanctioned by ex perience and consccrntcd by time. The great charter of Victoria— tlio New Constitution — though guaranteeing much that the people of this colony havo long desired, docs not includo all that tliey nro of right entitled to possess. I trust that the new Parliament about to be eliosen by popular suffrage, will at tho very beginning of its deliberations, at once address itself to tho duty of amend ing that measure. I entertain this opinion, that until this has been dono, and tho amended Act finally ratified by tho assent of the peoplo nt large, it caunot be held to bo tho established constitution of the country. For, recognising no higher power than that of tho people themselves, no political measure of this importance can bo considered as final and binding, upon which thoy have not had the opportunity afforded of expressing their views in general council, fairly repre senting every section of the community. Foremost amongst the moro objectionable features of tho Act which require immediate abolition, are tho clauses relating to tho property qualification of members of tho Legislature. This restriction limits the choice of tho electors not to able, but to rich men. I look upon it as an unjustifiable attempt on the part of the proper tied classes by interfering with tho freedom of election to secure a monopoly of tho representation. In a free community I rocogniso no such right of dictation on tho part of this class, and treat this as au arrogant nnd in tolerant usurpation. Tho mere possession of property, as is well known, confcrs neither honesty, talent, edu cation, nor political sagacity ; as tlicso aro tho qualities which it is desirable that our public men should possess, and it being undeniably truo that many persons not be longing to tho ' landed gentry' liavo been endowed with these attributes in an eminent degree, I declare for n clonr stngo and no favor ...Progression constitutes ono of tlie prime happinesses 'of our ago : to whatever men may advancc themselves by the legitimate exercise of their abilities, it is not, nor over was tho interest of society to check by imposing restrictions. For these reasons I am entiroly opposed to tho property qualifica- i tion clauses. ?, Recognising all civil governments to bo but delegated necessities,— having no inherent powers beyond what thoso necessities involve, viz. :— the administration of the law, and tho general conduct, of the public business. 1 take his fundamental objection to the 63rd clause of the constitution, that tho propogation of religion is not, and ought not to bo brought within tho spliero of its func tions, and as I have observed that governments fail in tho disclinrgo of thoir proper duties in proportion as thoy meddle with matters not within their province, on tho ground of expediency, I think this diversion .of the public funds extremely objectionable. But this is by no means my only renson for opposing the state support of religion. I am not aware that any method exists for tho equitablo apportionment of the annual endow ment amongst the different, and I may say, conflicting systems that provail. Can it in fairness be denied to to tho Jew what is agreed to bo given to tho chris tian ? The system is surrounded with difficulties and anomalies ; it engenders strifes, jealousies, and divisions, and as history warns us, that the entangling alliances that havo been mado between systems ot civil and ecclesiastical polity have proved eminently disastrous to tho cause of religion, I desire that this element of dis turbance may be eschewed from our political arrange ments, and that men will voluntary support that system of belief dictated by their consciences. I hold that every man who pays his share of tho taxa tion of tho country , possesses an inalienable right to exer cise tho franchise, unless ho should havo forfeited that right by being convicted oferiino,or bo disqualified from exercising it intelligently from inability to read and write. For the complication of qualifications contained in the constitution act, I would substitute manhood sudrago ; this, with electoral districts properly propor tioned, with tho protection afforded by tho ballot, would ensure, ivhat every admirer of representative institu tions must always desire, n full and accurate evolution of public opinion whenever political necessity calls for its expression. It is a matter of national concorn that tho rising generation should bo well instructed in nt least the rudiments of secular knowledge. Common schools ought therefore to be multiplied in the snmo proportion (i,n not-naaUv for thorn increases, and iu every dis trict should bo subject to local control, amenable, how ever to the supervision of a central authority, 30 that uniformity of system may be secured, and a due check exercised to prevent the improper expenditure of the public funds. I would exclude from the system ..of public tuition tho tenets of controversial divinity, leaving to pnronts and ministers of religion tlie highest function of instruction — tho inculcation of tho knowlcdgo of a future state. . . , It has not been reserved for statesmen in these later days to discuss aud settle tho fundamental principles of civil government. This labor has happily been spared, but under the growing requirements of an ad vancing civilization, and the prcssuro of great popula tions, questions of finance, involving the nicer shades of political and social economy, have become of absorbing interest and importance. Tho due adjustment of the incidence of taxation, and tho abstraction of no more than may bo absolutely necessary to sustain the fabric of Government, to secure the public tranquility, and to promote tho general couveuionco and happiness of the Koverncd, leads to the constant recurrence of questions in tho public policy of every country, complex in their character, and difficult to rosolve. As a fundamental principle of taxation, I entertain the doctrino that wealth, requiring a larger amount of protection from the State than labor, needs should bo made to principally contribute towards the national necessities, and that tho hand of industry should bo freed as much as may be from tho thacklcsof taxation. I would urgo the substitution as far as practicable of direct imposts in lieu of tlioso of an in direct character. Duties on imports aro only to lie justified as a sourco of revenue, and should be levied rather on articles of luxury than on tho raw materials of manufacture, or on commodities required for tho sustcntotion of the laboring classes. Tho robust activity of our population operating on the 'highly favorable physical circumstances of the country renders possible the acquisition of moro wealth in a shorter poriod than in any other portion of tlio globe. Tho ability of tho people to contribute annually vast sums to the public oxchcquer, with but little per sonal privation, has boon exhibited in an equally satis factory degree, but though tho collection of the revenue lias been attended with such great facility and success, it is to be deeply regretted that it .has been squandered with a reckless prodigality that has excited the indig nation of the people of Victoria, and the astonishment of the mother country. But tho vast sums abstracted from the industry of the country liavo not boon found adequate to satisfy tho nccossit.es of an improvident government. A funded debt approaching two milhons stcr-lin' is in proccss of creation, and lar^o portions of | tlio national estate havo been alienated to provide means to satisfy the public creditor. Undor the checks imposed by a real responsibility, and when in the march of events, tho roins of government shall havo been transferred to those capable by the oxerciso of en lightened statesmanship to work out the high destinies of this colony, this illegal and suicidal system will havo . its end. - If tho raising of a public revenue demand^ financial ability, joined with political sagacity, so also is its pro ner expenditure of momentous importance. I cannot think that there is a necessity on tho part of this colony todevoto year by year large sums ol money for warlike -purposes. As a aepeniloncy of Great Brhain we are protected from foreign aggression by the British ring. If then tho constant presence ol an armed force bo insisted on to repress internal disorder, thon am I of opinion that that Government which relies on bayonets to maintain its existence, nnd relies not on the good feeling of the governed, is self condemned; lor domestic disturbances do not arise without occasion, and * Jcn°^ nothing that can ercato and render them foi/ntdablo but prolonged misgovornmcnt. Tho oxerciso of a prudent economy in every depart ment of tho public sorvico is an imperative obligation binding on every administration, and though not die ? titeil bv the samo necessity which obtains in _ poorer communities, ought nevertheless to bo rigidly insisted on bv those whoso bounden duty it is to protcet tho Tiublic purse. As economy and parsimony are not con vertible terms, so ought thoy never to lie confounded. I would, therofore, not insist upon a small expenditure, but a wise ono. The public can always afford to pur chase the host talent, and to pay its servants well ^pro vided always that too many are not kept, and thoso that aro bo properly selected. Tho Civil serviec needs great reform. Candidates for office should bo subject to examination, and merit should bo the only recognised basis of promotion, this would open a carocr to honorable ambition, and stimu lato tho efficiency of ovcry department. -Tho cfleto nlan of pensioning the public sorvant should be rejected from our system, and in lieu thereof a superannuation fund, based on the priuciplo of life assurance, should bo substituted. The rapid settlement of Ac country, nnd tho rational development of its resources, render tho prosecution ol great public works of national importance. In addi I ? ? = ? ? J 3Elcction Noticc. i tion to tho ordinary demand for governmental and general purposes, wo havo to meet a want which is felt with greater ' intensity here tlian in any other country. Nature, bountiful in all besides lias denied us those great natural means of com munication and distribution — navigable rivers. Tho endeavor has, therefore, been made, though at v* oxpenso, to open , up tho interior by the making o roads, so that the busy clusters of population located on our gold fields, who liavo been, for a considerable timo principally supported on imported commodities, might bo readied from sea board. The country, how over, has naturally becomo impatient to possess' the modern means of locomotion securcd by tlio formation of railways. Preliminary surveys of the lending routes have been mado, nnd await tho decision of tho Legis lature to bo carried into cffcct. Tho construction of tlicso lines should be pushed on with ns .much celerity as circumstances will permit, though from tho high rato of wages, nnd general want of railway facilities, their cost will bo large. So manifold, however, are tno advantages certain to accrue to tho country generally, that no time should be lost in commencing operations under competent authority, and in carrying them on with vigor to completion. In thoso districts wliero municipalities havo been es tablished, a due attention may bo expected to bo paid to local improvements ; tho want of funds to carry out works of magnitudo will, however, operate as a check on tho progress of municipal enterprise, for to attempt to raiso by local taxation alone sufficient for theso pur poses would bo found in all cnscs very oppressive, nnd in most impossible. It is, therefore, the duty of tho government, on lnying tho estimates beforo the as sembly, to make such provision for each locality as tho circumstances of the case may warrant, nnd tho condi tion of tho public funds admit, aud it will be my duty, if returned ns your representative, to see that the local interests entrusted to my keeping nre adequately pro vided for in tho general scheme of distribution. Tho growing influence of the policy of centralization requires a chock. Paris may bo Franco, but Melbourne ought not to bo Victoria. The power recently concodcd of dealing with tlia moneys arising from tho sales of tho public lands in such manner as wo may think fit, confcrs nn increased responsibility and an unquostionablo advantago. Tho splendid inducements wliieh our great mineral wealth, fine soil and climate, together with tho free dom of our institutions oiler to immigrants from every quarter of the globo, will, in my opinion, sulfico in themselves to draw liitlior a great population. It, therefore, appears to me desirable that tho bounty system of cmigration,wliicli is no longer adapted to our circumstances, should bo brought shortly to a close. No farther expenditure on this account should bo made beyond tho amount requisite to intro duce such a number of femalo immigrants as may servo to lessen the great disparity of tho soxes, rovcaleU by tho returns of tho census. I think this desirable, because, generally spcalcing, tho obstacles to femalo emigration aro much greater than in tho case of thoso of the opposito sex, and thero can be no doubt that tho causo of morality and social happiness would be pro moted, and the pormanont settlement of tho country advanced by their introduction. Intimately associated with tho subject of population, is tho land question, which is hedged in with somo difficulties. -Wc liavo in this colony a class small in number, who possess much wealth, and as a consequence, considerable influence, who tlaim to bo the only le galized and equitable occupants of tho public estate, i'heso gentlemen base their claims on tho right which thoy assumo to havo acquired by first sottlcmout, and which tliey contend lias subsequently been recognised by the Crown, and legally securcd to thom by tho issuo of orders in Council. I have examined the documents upon which tho squatters rely for the vindication of tlio position tliey have assumed, and I havo arrived at tho conclusion that their claim either to the exclusive pos session of the country, or for compensation if it bo taken nway, is based on no substantial grounds, anil for rea sons of just public, policy ought not to bo entertained. Those who desire to mako use of the unsold lands for pastoral purposes will not object to pay a reasonablo prico for that privilege. I would therefore levy nn annual rent per acre, tho amount to bo determined by public competition. The public lands being thus froc to bo dealt with, tho question of how they can be alienated from tho Crown to secure the largest measure of advantage demands tlio oxerciso of sound judgmont. llegard being had to tlio wages paid for labor, the valuo of agricultural produc tions, and tho comparatively open character of tho country, it does not appear to rnc that under existing circumstances that tho upset price for land, as fixed by tho Imperial Parliament is too high, nor do I think that the auction system, which secures a wide publicity, and under which the public in open competition really determines tlie market value of those portions of tho public estate which aro successively brought under its operation, is suscep tible of much improvement. By taking tho precaution to offer moro land than the public arc able or willing to purchase, aud by immediately re- offering for sale, at the upset price, by auction, all lands upon which tho deposits havo been forfeited, tho interests of tho smaller purchaser would be well cared for, whilst tho constant accumulation ol lauds open to selection in the survey department would nt all times enable tho agriculturist forthwith to locate himself on tho soil. It has been mooted whether it would not be dcsirablo to render easier the terms of payment for land, and by accepting by instalments tho sums due, to await the in creasing ability of the purchaser to meet them. Thu speedy usufruct of tho soil, so that wo may be indepen dent of foreign supplies of breadstuff's, and tlic securing of a. population to accomplish it, are of so much im portance in a national point of view, that I should bo disposed to waivo tho objections which can be urged against tho plan, and give it a trial, limiting its opera tion to small holdings only, nnd subject to the condition that tliey shall be immediately occupied and improved by the bona fide purchasers thereof. Connected with tho subject of real property is iU transference, which imperatively calls for tho reforma tion of the law. By tho adoption of a moro perfect le gislation and a shorter conveyance, the heavy expenso now entailed by every clinng'o of ownership, which presses with peculiar severity on men of small means, might be most materially diminished. Tho codification of the law cannot be commenced too soon, nnd every effort should bo made to simplify, expedito, and perfect the projfcdure of our courts of jurisprudence ; that they may bo accessible equally to tho poor and tho ignorant as well as to the rich and tho well-informed, so that promj.it justice may bo dono at tho sacrifice of as littlo cost, time, and personal inconvenience, ns may be found compatible with a due attention to the interests of society ut large. The further mitigation of our criminal code so as to abolish death punishment entirely, and to improve tho discipline of our prisons so ns to make tlicin at onco self-supporting, and places of reformation as well as of punishment, are objects worthy of philanthropic effort and cnrcful legislation. Stringent measures must con tinue to be pursued to guard our shores from tlie pol lution of tho convictism of tho neighboring colonics, aud it would ho well were the, British Government at onco and for over to coase to deport any portion of her criminals to Australia. ' Tho great material interests of the country ought not to bo hampered with excess of legislation ; they will flourish host if left to spontaneously devclope them selves. No restrictions should bo created. No artifi cial stimulonts nppl red ; whatever will pay for produc tion will in duo timo bo produced. Individual saga city mostly proves itself suptrior to governmental aid, and to it alone may be safely confided tho growth of tlio arts of lifo, tho prosecution of manufactures, and tho extension of commorco. . ' To place on a secure and satisfactory basis our mone tary system, becomes, as our transactions extend, of increasing _ importance. Such reasonable limitations should bo imposed on tho operations of the banks, as to securo tho note-holders and depositors against the con tingent possibility of loss. Tho establishment of a National Bank to facilitate tho transaction of the Trea sury business of the Government, the re-organization of tho Assay Office, and tho making of arrangements with tho branch of tho Royal Mint ut Sydney, for tho supply of gold coin, aro measures, which inter alia, require the attention of the New Legislature. To increase tho efficiency and to lessen the cost of tlio Government of the colony, n searching enquiry, with a viow to re- organization and reform is needed in every department of tho public service. Years of misrtilo liavo_ endowed us with a system abounding in anomnlics and ineffieicncics, perpotuatod at enormous cost, and at great loss to tho iiublic. It will bo tho duty of a Go vernment possessing tho confidence of tho people, and having a roal regard to tho interest of tho governed, to I address itself to tho task of redressing this great griev- I ancc, and so securo cheap and good Government for ? the peojilo of Victoria. B It has boon my endeavor, in this summary of my I political^ sentiments, to embraco thoso topics of most n present importance to tho community. The future, so H pregnant with hopeful promise, may well tempt us to H press forward on our onward course. Tho federation of tho Australian group of colonies for objects of com mon welfare — tho growth of a freo peoplo, under the fostering influence of free institutions — imbued with a national spirit, and rapidly rising to tho rank of a ' \ powor amongst tho nations of the earth, are objccts sufficient to stimulate tho hopeful zeal of politicians, who, consenting to merge minor differences must unito to inaugurate an Australian policy at onco liberal, com prehensive, and permanent. That I may be permitted to labor in the causo of tho peoplo of this country is my ambition, but it remains with you, gentlemen, to say, whether tho political principles to which I havo given expression, meet your concurrence. If they do, and you return mo as your representative, I plod^a myself to follow the progressive public jiolicy herein sot forth, and to which I subscribe mysolf, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, JOHN HENIIY BROOKE. June 10th, 1850. Printed and Published by EBENEZER SY.MK, tlie Sole Pro prietor, at tho Auk N'uwspapcr and General Printing Ojlicei 07 Elizabeth street, Melbourno, the Colony of Victoria. 