Sales by Auction. TUESDAY. 25th, NOVEMBER. Honster Sale of Soft Goods and Millinery, juBt landed from the Startled Fawn and 1 ethel* late arrivals. To he Sold Without Any Reserve. Important to Warehou'emen, Di apera, Milli- ners, Storekeepers, Dealers, runl Othus, also Bayers for the Adjacent Miiiliets. J WADE, of wade and Gowan, is in the a receipt of instructions from the im- porters to sell hy public auction, at his rooms, Viitoria-buildiBKB, 80 Collins sheet east, on Tuesday, 25th inst., at eleven o'( lock sharp, A mobt elegant and choice Assortment of new fancy drapery and milhneiy, pur- chased especially for this market, in the most Icautiful condition, comprising 5G packages, \iz.: Muslin lace curtains Light and dark ground prints Bareges Bonnet ribbons Rice straw and chip bonnets Girls' leghorn hats Girls' brown straw do Lined paiasols French delaines Swiss curtains Fancy and Bmnll check silks Dimities and rough browns Dressed hollands and huckabacks Soiled shirtings Croydon sheetings Grey sheetings "White drill trousers Fancy doe trousers White moleskins Drab and millers' moles Boys' and youths' clothing Men's holland blouses Duck trousers Scotch twilled shirts Blue serge shirts " Gent.'s white dress Bhirts Panama hats Canton hats Men's and hoys' felt hats Flannels and druggets And A large quantity of haberdashery and other goods. Terms at Sale. Commence at Eleven o'clock sharp. 2632 MONDAY. 24th NOVEMBER. At the Hall of Commerce, Valuable City and Suburban Properties. By Order of the Mortgogee. WILLIAM PHILPOTT is instructed to sell by auction, at the Public Sales Boom, Hall of Commerce, on Monday, tho 24th inst., at twelve o'clock. The undermentioned properties Lot 1. All that piece or parcel of Innd situate and icing in the City of Melbourne, in the parish of North Melbourne, in the county of Bourke, 3n the colony of victoria, being lots 1, 2, and 8, of the plan of subahhiou of allot _ ment 14 of block 23, bounded on the north by Lonsdale-street, commencing at the north-east corner of said allotment 14 and hearing westwnrH from the said commencing point along tin. ? uh side of the said street 66feet; on tue wibt by part of allotment 15 ci the Baid block, in a line at right ancles to Lousdtli «tree i, aforesaid, hearing t-outherly "iSfcet i (Le south partlv (Ibut lb to say as ' > 4 I fi > t, by 112 feet road (ii w.ij reserved **/ flu! of ...nd allritmuit 14 bearing cast rlv 44 Ast, th' n bv a lim !.r right nugUs to the labt line, bearing bonth Ila feet : tbi>n «{Min on the FOnfh by part of lot 4 of the said plan oh ub divieion in a line nt light angles, bearing easterly 22 feet ; and on the cast by part of allotment 13 of the said block, by a line at _ right angles to the lnft line, bearing noitherly b0 feet to the commencing coinei afore sind. Together with the store mid nil otliei eruu , tiona and buildings erected ni,d built or ctandinirand being thereon, and now in the occupation of Messrs, Button, SawUnis, and Co,No. 166. Lot 2. All that parcel of land situate in the pai ¡sb. , of Jika Jika, in the county of Bourke, in the faid colony, being part ofpoition 21-com- mencing nt a point 278 feet west finm tho eastern boundary-lino and 411 leet Cinches south _ from the northern boundaiy-hne of ihe said portion, and bounded on the west by a street one chain wide, called Docker-street, _ «served out of thesaid portion No.21,in a line tearing south 66 feet, on the south by other Îart of the said portion in a line bearing east 26 feet, on the east by a road or nay 14 feet Wide in a line bearing north CO feet, and on ihe north by other part of the said portion in a line bearing west 125 feet to the commenc- ing point. Together with the messun^s or tenements, erections and buildings, erecteu «nd built or standing and being thereon at prest."1* in tho occupation of the Rev. Mr. Perks. The title doedB relating to the al ovo proper ties can be inspected at the offices of Messrs. Eines and Sandwell, solicitors, 60 Chancery lane, Melbourne, where any furthei Informa- tion that may be required may be had. 2231 ) ' ^IQNDAYj.Mth NQVEMBISET ~ ? At the Hall of Commerce. By Older of the Mortgagee. All those Brick and Stone Premises at Kil- more now in the occupation of the Oriental Bank Corporation, with Laige Building Frontage to the High Sydney-road, and Wain Street of the Township. WILLIAM PHILPOTT is instiucted to sell by auction, at the Public Sales Boom, Hall of Commerce, on Monday, 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, .. . All that piece or parcel of land containing ly admeasurement three roods and sixteen perches, be tho same a little moro or less, f itnate, lying or being in the town of Kilmore, 5n the parish of Willowmavin, in the colony of Victoria, being allotment number six of sec ", iion number nine of the said town, and commencing at the end of Andrew-street junction, with the reserved road fifty links ?wide, and bounded on the north-east by the ¡eouth west side of Andrew- street, bsaringsouth twenty-eight degrees eight minutes east, ninetj-six and a half links to allotment i lumber one of said section number'nine ; on ihe south east hy the noith-west boundary ^Jine of the said allotment number one, hearing *" Ti est twenty-nine degrees fifteen minutes Foutb, four chains ninety-thiee links to .Sydney-street ; on the west by the cast side of Sydney-street, from the turn thereof, bearing north seven degrees west, thiee chainB nina and a half links to its junction with the re- served road, fift"links wide;and on the north Tfy the South side ofsaid ïesérVCÎ road! bearing i east four chains thirty links to its junction ?with Aüdrew street at the corner of com- mencement, Together -with the brick and tîoneiouëô, messuage, dwelling-house or building, with the out-offices thereto belongs 5ne, and now elected and being upon the said piece or parcel of land, and now lot and m ihe occupation of the Oriental Bank Cor- poration, at a rental of two hundred and fifty , pounds per annum. This propel ty is situate m the most valu i "able part of the township of Kilmore. KU more has, from the earliest settlement of the country, been the most thriving township, and the prosperity which it has enjoyed must le rendered permanently secure to it by tha immense tracts of rich agricultural country ?which surround it on all sides. The fact of the buildings being occupied by ihe Oriental Bank proves that they are of high character, and well in advu ce of tho age. It does not often fall to the lot of an auctioneer to offer a property which will make so large a return to the purchaser as ibis will in its present state, and if the un \- occupied frontage to the main street bo built ihen the return will be largely increased. For further particulars apply to E. Murphy, Esq., solicitor, corner of Elizabeth and Little Collins streets. Title Undoubted, Terms : One-half cash, remainder three and nix months, with bank interest added. 2384 SATURDAY, 22nd NOVEMBER^ J LYONS and CO. -will sell by auction, » at the New Commercial Sales Boom, Bourke street, on Saturday, 22nd inst., at twelve o'clock, 2 cases hair brushes Tortoiseshell and other sido and back combs Gold and silver watches Gold and plated jewellery Portemonnaies Spoons and cutlery China vases, and other ornaments And a great variety of other fancy gooda Without Reserve, 2551 ' THIS DAY. J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction, at . the New Commercial Sales Room Bourke street, on Friday, 20th inst,, at twelvo o'clock precisely, 10 cases mole trousers, ossoitcd qualities 5 do men's superior clothing, compri- sing Doe and tweed coats in every variety Do do trousers Dodo and silk hats < Silk and alpaca snmmei coats "White drill tioneers Lisbt «oolMu jtrmjwi awl undeishitts 2 O-^^-l-vll.v ,u. 3 caspsdrapcij and haberdashery A varietj of n.luellaneouE hoft goods, io c!t>-e ron-uniu.-iiis. 'i cm ->- Cash. 5- v. Ko ßcfäerve. 2432 ? Salea by Auction. - THIS DAY. 4 Oases Goose Feather Beds. Y LYONS and CO. will sell by auction, at el . the New Commercial Saleg Boom, Bourke-street, on Friday, 21st inst!, Imme- diately following the anio of chimney glasses, 15 primo whitf and giey English goose fea thor I ?. .> i In Lots (o buit Buyers Present. No Beserve. 2636 THIS DAY. To Poities Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others, J LYONS and CO. will sell hy auction, at a the New Commercial Sales Boom, I Bourke-street, on Fiiday, 21st inst., at twelve o clock' precisely, (pieviousto the soft goods cale,) ' cases splendid chimney-glasses, in gilt j , frames, best British plates, sizes from | 60 in. x 60 in., downwards 3 do do, in rosewood frames I 2 do elegant toilet glasses, mahogany frames, on twisted columns, with drawers. _Without Reserve._2507 ' MONDAY,:2Jth NOVEMBER. Keilor Brewer}'. By Order of the Mortgagee. HA. COFFEY, of Beaver and Coffey, ia' . instructed to sell hy auction, at their rooms, 3(J Collins-street west, on Monday, 24th inst., at eleven o'clock, A first-rate browcry, In the occupancy of Mr. Sheffield, facing the main road, together with the whole of the plant, &c.; A neat dwelling-house attached, with two to three years' lease, at the nominal rent of 10B. per -week. TerraB- Half Cash, Balance at Three Months 2518 SATURDAY, 22nd NOVEMBER. To Mei chants, Shipowners, Shipmasters, Spo- I culators, und Parties Wishing to Trade to , New Zealand the South Sea Islands, and the West Coast of America. HA. COFFEY, of Beaver and Coffey, is . ftivomed with instructions to eell by i auction, at their rooms, 36 Collins- street west, on Friday, 21st inst,, at eleven o'clock. The American Clipper ELEONOBA, 180 tons register, 250 tons burden, built of tho strongest material, and thoroughly zinced, caulked, and substantially refitted in August last, at a cost of several hundred pounds. Her Cabin Accommodation Is perhaps unsurpassed in the colonies for Bizo (sufficient for forty first- class) and finish. The inventory is most complete, and in- cludes every nccessarjr for a first- class sea- going vessel, comprising anchors, chains, whrps, sails, &c.; Eer sailing qualities are of the first order, having made some extremely rapid passages between New Zealand anrt othor colonies. She has just now returned from Sydney ?without receiving the slightest damago during Hie late heavy gales. Terms in a future advertisement. 2382 SATURDAY, 22nd NOVEMBER. To China Warehousemen, Dealers, and Cthers. 36 Crates Ironiïone Blue, Printed, and Yellow Earthenware, Ex Merlin. HA. COFFEY, of Beaver and Coffey, ia « instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms, 3G Collins-street west, on Saturday, 22nd inst., 6 crates eaithernwaro, Redan pattern, newest designs and shapes 10 do well-selected yellow ware,consisting of bakers, bowls, &c; 15 do pudding-bowls, jugs, &c; ß do ewers, chambers, &c; M in diamond 4 crates toilet sets, Bedan, F blue 6 do do poppy pattern, pudding bowls, milk jugs, &c.; 4 do chambers, O O Druid jugs, vege- table dishes 6do water jugs, breakfast cups and saucers, poiter niugB, and oblong bakers 4 do bowls, bakers, oblong baker«, i uga, ¿te. 2602 SATURDAY, 22ud NOVEMBER. To China Warehou=emen, btorekeepers, and 1 Others. , Chinawaie. HA. COFFEY, of Beaver and Coffey, ia . instructed to sell by auction, at their | rooms, 30 Collins-street west, on Saturday, I 22nd inst., at eleven o'clock, W 4 tierces china breakfast cups and sau I j cers, gold-edged 1 ' Cdo do do cups and saucois, F. blue, muf ) fins, slops, sugars, butters, platos dWM't do, teacus and^saucers, gold 4 dr/do do do mlik-jUgs, butters, muffins, | breakfast plates, &o.; Also, I A choice assortment of superior gjass. ?ware. ^ Tfi:^; and Particulars at Sale. 2512" THIS DAY. Cabbage-Tree Hats. Oabbage-Tree Hats, Ex Wonga Wonga. ROSSITER and LAZARUS will sell by auction, at their rooms, 80 Elizabeth street, on Friday, 21st inst., at eleven o'clock, 500 cabbago-troe hats, Ex Wonga Wonga. Must be Sold. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 54 THIS DAY. To Warehousemen, Retail Drapers, Storo keepeis, and the 'Prado in General. To Close Consignments. ROSSITER and LAZARUS will sell by auction, at their rooms, 80 Elizabeth street, on Friday, 21st inst., To OloBe Consignments, Without the Slightest Reserve Men 's merino vests Do lanibswool drawers and pants I Women'B white cotton hose ' Men's brown cotton half-hose Children's socks, in great variety White and drab Rateen stays White coutillo do Bleached longcloths Barege square shawls' i - \- D: «as de. iH 12-4,16.* Black crapes Sewn muslin goods Panama hats Cabbage-tree hats Tweed trousers White and drab mole, do 8-4,10-4,12-4 white mosquito nets Ladies' underclothing . 5-4 fancy prints Silk and satin vests Silk and kid gloves Blue and sendet blankets. Terms at Sale. 174 nov 21 '== MONDAY. 24th NOVEMBER. Drapery, Slops, and Clothing. To Warehousemen, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Ex Orwell. FRASER and COHEN have received in- structions to sell by auction, at the Mnrt, on Monday, 24th inst., at eleven o cloclc The following now and seasonable goods now landing ex Orwell : 3 cases of Bedford cord trouscis 5 do of millers' drab mole do 3 do do do 8-shaft cord do 3 do super regatta shirts, Swiss fronts 2 do do white shirts, linen fronts and collars , C do do Scotch twill do, lined backs 2 do do youths' do, do 10 do of silver drab molo trousers ido assorted hosiery itrunks of superior doe trousers, lly fronts ,, , , . 2 cases boys'and youths' molo trousers i do white drill shooting coats and I trOU 861*8 3 trunks best check tweed and doe trousers, fly fronts 6 bales 72-inch grey sheeting 2 do 86-do do 3 do 36-do white shirtings . S do light patterns five-quarter prints 1 case brown drill trousers 1 do blaok cloth do ,,.,,, 1 do boys' and youths' drill do , 2 do best grogram and silk-warp al- paca oxonian coats £ bales ]>. «t cotton ticks 1 case delui ne dresses _ 1 do shooting and ©xontan coats 1 do black summer spoiting coats do in tids' and women's tuscan boiiiKtit , I 1 do habits coloured lisio gloves 3 do tape check muslin dresses 3 do Bewed muslin and cambric collars, belts, habits, chemisettes, Ac. . do grass-cloth, lustre, and figured satm veffK \- do Jjgnt summer tweea Huiid do superior assorted glacie ana satin doftdo'wHorted silk and satin parasols, J &e-; *p.v '-C33 Salea by Aueion. TUESDAY 26th NOVEMBER. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Dealers and _ Other». J7\ RASER and COHEN havo received in i' structiontrto sell by auction, at the ninit, on Tuesday, 25th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp 83 case? of Singló and double barrel guns Long-handle American shovels Short do do do American axes, handled Do picks Assorted cabinetmakers' furniture Bim locks Hinges Clout nails Iron and tin tacks Chisels Screws Gimblets, &c.; Terms at Sale. 2533 TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. 470 Tins Paints, Assorted Colors. FRASER and COHEN have received in Btruotions to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, 25th instant, at eleven o'clock, A S, 2-0. 8 Tierces Paints 2-51 tins black paint, each 23 lb 8-40 do do do do do 4-68 do green do do do 6-45 do yellow do do do Cf 25 do blue 1J". . J44dogreen/dododo 7 J 20 do black ) . , . }23 .lo yellow [dododo 8-70 do red do do do Ö-70 do green do do do Terms at Sale. 2633 TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. 27 Trunks of Superior Summer Boots and Shoes. JTIBASER and COHEN have received in« } Btruotions to sell by auction, at the art, on Tuesday, 25th inst., at eleven o'clock, 27 trunks of superior summer boots and shoes, comprising Lndies best japan calf slippers Do do do do operas Do do do do rounds Girls' and maids' onamclled slippers, trimmed Ladies' patent calf slippers Children's patent calf straps Girls' best lasting boots, japan fronts Do do cashmere do, do Do do Spanish slippers Do do japan do, spring-fronts Ladies' enamelled calf slippers, operas, trimmed Do patent calf do, and sandals, BB Do cashmere side-spring boots Do cloth do do Do do, to lace Girls'cashmore side-spiing hoots Youths' and boys' best bluchers Men's do do Do do Oxonians, &c.; _Terms at Sale._2533 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Notice. TXT M. TENNENT and CO.'S Sales by VV . Auction, at the Wharf, of Deals, Flooring boards, and Cargo of Hardwood, On Monday, 24th inst., will commence at ton o'clock, prior to the Government Land Sale. 2631 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. At Twelve o'clock, to Follow the Government Land Sale, City Property, Eligible and Lucrative Invest- ment. , To the Merchants and Capitalists of Mel-"' bourne, &c.; Sale of Two Highly Valuable and Entire Go- vernment Allotments. Situate in the Most Import »nt Locality of tho City of Melbourne for Commercial and other Purposes, being respectively Allotment 4 of Section No. 17. Allotment 5 of Section No; 82. In close proximity to the Terminus of th9 Railway, the Government Offices, and the Wharves. TTT M. TENNENT and CO. have received V\ . instructions to sell by auction,. t their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, One of tho most valuable and important properties which have been yet offered to pub- lic competition, comprising, Two entire Government allotments in tho most im poi tant locality of the city of Mel- bourne, as will be seen upon reference to the plan of the city of Melbourne. Allotment 4 of section 17 IWB a noble front- age of 60 feet to Bomke-strcet, by a depth o 818J, running into Little Bourke-street. Allotment 5 of Section 32 has a frontage of GO feet to Lonsdale-street, by a depth of 812J feet to Little Lonsdale, street In introducing this property to tho notice < of the public the auctioneers f%; tUftt to en- large u^u Hg ae8lmmiity WOuld be an act of ; supererogation, and therefore content them- selves by briefly adverting to a few of the many advantages which it offers-lastly, to the merchant, by its close proximity to The Railway Terminus The Government Offices and The Wharves and Docks. The whole of the thoroughfares from which being now in a very excellent state of repair, allord easy transit of goods ; and the rapidly increasing wharfage accommodation seems to enhance the value of property in this neigh- bourhood, and makes it peculiarly desirable for the erection of stores and warehouses. To persons seeking sites for private resi- dences this propeity recommends itself as being in the best part of the western extre- mity of the town, in a fino healthy and airy situation, and surrounded by the private re- sidences of many of the most ropectable and substantial colonists of Victoria. Title-Grant from the Crown to the Ven- dors. TermB Very Liberal, at Sale. For full and further particulars apply at tho offices of J. A. J. MACGREGOR, Esq., Solici- tor, No. 40 Bourke-street eaBt, and at the rooms of tho auctioneers. Note.-Each allotment will first bo offered in its entirety, and, if not thus disposed of, ?will then bo put up subdivided according to a pian to uu seen at the rooms ol the auc- tioneers, or at the office of J. A. J. MaoOregor, Esq. , 2303 "TUESDAY, 26th NOVEMBER. Preliminary Notice. Martell's Brandy, Byass'.! Bottled Beer. Sherry, Manilla Cigars. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. The above now Landing, Ex Constitution. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by 0 auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 26th inst., at twelve o'clock. To follow tho Government Land Sale, 20 hbds. brandy : 200 casks ByaBs's bottled ale 12 hbds. do J6 qrs. fine palo sherry 16 cases No. 2 Manilla cigars &c.; Full and further particulars, and terms prior to sale. Samples at the rooms of the auctioneers prior to sale. 2449 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Cargo of Timber ex Scotia. TTT" M. TENNENT and CO. will soil by W . auction, at the Australian Wharf, on Monday, 24th inst., at ten o'clock. Alter the cargo of deals, &c;, ex British Lion, Full-cut V. D. L. timber Quartering, 10 to 15 feet long Joisting, ox 3,13 to 10 do Do, 6 x 3, 11 to 15 do Do, 8 x 3,0 x 3,11 to 12 do Do, 6x4, 6x4, 9 to 16 do Do, 8 x 4,6 x 0, 8 to 12 do Also, 2,000 palings. Observe-Ten o'Clock. 2610 THIS DAY. To Produce Merchants, Provender Dealers, - and Others. Prime V. D. Land Feed Oats, Do Scotch do. i Do Limerick do. WM. TENNENT and CO, will sell by . auctoin, at their rooms, on Friday, 2lst inst., at twelve o'clock, 1,000 bushels Scotch oats 1,600 do primo V. D. Land do t 120 do do Limerick do. Now landing. '. In Lots to Suit Purchasers. Terms at Sale,_2635 THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern Old Yellow Metal. I WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by " auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 21st inst., at twelve o'clock, Throe tons, (moro or 1ère), old yellow metal, taken oil' bhip'b bolton, beatuii up for «shipment. To be taken from alongside the Prina Carl, in Hobfon's Bay, for nuount of tho concerned. __" f i Terme.-Cunb. foil Sales by Auction. TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Ot or? Balance of Wines and Spirits, Ex Tay, from Bon» u\\. WM. TENNETT and CO will . auction, at their rooms, on Tu;s lay 25th inst., at twelve o'clock, To follow the Government Land Sale. Samples at the Rooms, Ex Tav, 400 cases best claret "Gd. VinPanillac. Medoc, 1851, each 1 doyen, duty paid 100 do. Medoc, 1851, each 2doaonpinfcä, duty paid 180 do. fine old cognac in bond, eacn.1 dozen. Terms Liberal, at Sale. TUESDAY. 26th NOVEMBER. To Follow the Government Lnnd Sale. Sherries, Raspbeiry Vinegar, Maimalndo Pickles, Opium, Paper, Ginger. &c.; To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Grocers, _, Storekeppers, and Others "tTT M. TENNENT and CO. will sell y VV s auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, ¿6th inst., at twelve o'clock, B, 320 cases sherry G D, 80 do do 40 do raspberry vinegar. Also, 16 cases Wotherspnon's niaimalnde 2 tons brown ginger 90 cases pint pickles 6 tons brown paper, &c; Terms at Sale, 2510 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Important and Unreserved Sale of Baltic Deals and Portland Cement. Ex British Lion. To Timber Merchants, Contractors, Builders, and the Trade. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received . instructions to tell by auction, at (he Australian Wharf, on Monday, 2dth inst., at ten o'clock, Trior to the sale of caigo of the Scotia, from. V.Ü.L.,) 200 solid deals, 11 x 3,10 to 21 feet long. 220 2 cut do do do 220 3 do do do do 220 5 do do do do \- 800 solid deals. 14 to 25 feet long, 7x8 9 s 3,11 x 3,14 x 3,10 x 3, 20 x 3. Also, ( 200 casks Portland cement, just landed, and in first-rato order. Observe-Ten o'clock. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 2510 M.ONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. To Follow the Government Land Sale. To Porsons Seeking a Safe and Profitable Investment. To Capitalists and All Classes Desirous of Securing a Comfortnblo Homestead in the Best Part of the City of Melbourne. Eligible Freehold House and Ground, Situate in Stanley-street, near King-street, North Melbourne. WM. TENNENT and CO. have ro » cfived instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday 24th inst, al twelve o'clock, for half-paßt, All that dubirablc block of land situate in Etnnley-street, near King-street north, having afrontóse of OG feet to Stanlpy-slieet, by a depth of 145 feet. Upon this property s erected nn excellent dwelling-house, contain- ing seven rooms and two attics, kitchen, ser- vants' room - known as Lily Cottage. Alsoi detached Btone stnble, with servants' room and other out-offices. The buildings are all on stone foundations and slated roofs. For convenience as toi oca lity, beauty of-scencry, and other numerous advantages, this property is unsurpassed, and intending purchasers are invited to view tho premises and judge for themselvts. For further paiticulars apply at the rooms of tho auctioneers. Titlo Guaranteed. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 10S7 THIS DAY. r To Shipchandlers, Painters, Storekeepers and Others. White Lead, Turpentine, Stockholm Tac Besin, &c.; WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Fridayl 21st 'inst., at twelve o'clock, 150 kegs best quality white lead, eiz\ 60-lbs,(i ron kegs) 100 do do, eaeli 28-lbs. 70 drums turpentine 200 barrels resin .29 do Stockholm tar, &c.; Terms at Sale. 2531 -.MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. To Newly-Arrived Immigrants, Speculators, ' and Oihers. , Desirable Seollon of Land, ui J 50 Acr.% obout; Vi Milesfromjielbutiruer I For Positivo Suie, I WM. TENNENT and CO. havo re- | * ceived instructions to sell by auction, I nt their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, 24th | inst., J Immediately aftor the Government land * sale, 160 acres of land, in the paiish of Tarneit, being portion O of section 21 This is an opportunity woitliy tho atten. tion of patties requiiing ti section of land mar town. The Boil isfcood, and the situation is easy of access, being only one section off irom the main line of Geelong road. Tenus Liberal, at Hale. 1 lan to be seen at the mart of the auc- I tioneeis. 2531 SATURDAY, 22nd NOVEMBER. To Gins« au,i Ohina Warehousemen. Earthen- ware Dealcis, aud the Trade gcuornlly. Important Sule of Eighty-four Casks of Ginns wai o and Twenty-five Crates of Earthen«,uo. Now Landing, ex Bethia Jewett and other late Arrivals. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by .> auction, at their rooms, on Saturday 22nd inst., at twelve o'clock, (Samples at the Rooms Prior to Day of Sale,) 84 cask H glassware, consisting of Elegant cut gUbi tumblers wines Do do claret decantéis . Do do c.tnita, linger baiins Do do V.^eurij, Guamp.tgnt'S JJO do goblets, jell ies Glass egg cups, mui tards, jars, butter dishes, sweetmeats, didhes, various sizes ; cruet-frames, sugars, salts, pickle dishes, wine-coolers, finger cups, picklo frames, moulded glnss wate, various. Also, 25 crates earthenware, computing Toilet sets, in great variety Breakfast caps and saucers Cover dishes Bakers Plates, various Bowls, &c.; Terms at Sale. 2531 Tni3 DAY. To Furnishing IronmongeiB, f-torckutpens, and the Trade geneuilly. Paris Putont Enamelled Wine, Assorted HollowwiHO, Garden Pumps, inc. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell hy a auction, at their rooms, on Friday 21st inst., at twelve o'clock, Enamelled ware. Saucepans, wui>h basin», bowls Dinner and Bonp plates Milk paus, drinking cups, mustards, rpifc toons. Hollowwaie. Tinned kettles and coveis, eaucop.ins boilers, teakettles, saucepans, &c.; Also, 50 garden pumps, brass and zinc, assarted Terms at Sale._2631 " MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. To Follow the Cargoes of 'he British Lion and Scotia. Observe.-- At Ten o'clock, on Aciount of the Government Land Sale. To Timber Merchants, Builders, and Othora. Flooiing BoardB, ßed Battens, Window Sashes, &c.; WM. TENNENT and CO. have rcceivod o instructions to sell hy auction, on. Monday, 24th inst,, at ten o'clock, on account of the Government Land Sale, after the car- goes of British Lion and Scotia, 800,000 feet flooring-boards, 0x1?, tongue! and grooved 100 pair Boshes and frames complete. Also, 1,500 red Baltic battens, &c.; Terms at Sale. 2631 "-" THIS DAY. Double Rose Cork Butter. Primo New Adelaide do, do. To Provision Merchants, Grocors, and Others, Tnr; M. TENNENT mid Cf. will M 11 hy Vi . auuliuu, ut theil. íouiue, un Fiiduy 2lBt inst., at twolve o'clock, 46 firkins double rose Cork butter, now landing guaranteed first quality 5 casks new Adelaide butter, &c.; TciciBatgale. 2¿'A .'Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Cossipore Sugar, More or Less Damaged^ex Corio. For Account of Whom It May Concern. TI7 M. TENNENT and CO. will sell by T1 ' . auction, at1 their rooms, on Friday, 21st inst. at twelvo o'clock, 79 bogs No. 1 OosBiporc sugar, with all faults, for account as above. _ _ Terms-Cash._2531 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER " Désirable Property in Hanover-atreet, Col ? lingwood. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction at the Commercial Sales Room, on Mon- day, 24th'inst,', at twelve o'clock, " All that piece or parcel of land, having a frontage of 48 feet to Hanovor- strect, Colling- wood, by a depth of 76 feet to a right-of-way leading into Fitzroy-street, being portion of I suburban section No. 60, known as Webbs Paddock. J - Title Unexceptionable. The nbove prqperty is situated-near tho junction of Hanovernyith Nicholson- street, in a high and healthy part of Collingwood, and will be sold either in one or two lot?, to suit purchasers. ' '. , , 'Terms at Sale, ' 2461 ~ MONDAY. 24th NOVEMBER. " To SE all Capitalists, Market-Gardeners, and Others. .'i ,. mall Market-Gardon, Within a Short Dis- tance of Melbourne. ' SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Jlonday, 24th inBt., at twelvo o'clock,' A snug little proporty, consisting of a house of three rooms, Btorc-rooin, cart-house, two stnlled stnble, fowl-house, and well-of water securely covered in, all fenced in-back and Iront by utono, sides by a threo rail fence; to- gether with 2} acres of ground, now under nop with potatoes, peas, and whout; and a tniall garden of fruit-trees, being portion Allotuu nt 107, parish Jika Jika. ,' '. Teims at Salo! The above property is situate at Northcote, eil the Plenty-road, and only three mile3 from Melbourne, is now under cultivation as a mnrkot-gnrden, and offers a good oppor- tunity to parties on the look-out for such an investment. _ Title Unexceptionable. 2377 MONDÁY,~24th NOVEMBER. To Peisonb Seeking Investments, Speculators, and Others. Unrihi'i vid Sale of Valuable City Property. QYMONS and PERRY have received in \\.j structions to sell by auction.1 at the Commercial Salea Room, on Monday, 21th inst.,at twelve o'clock, Without Reserve, All that valuable pieco of land having a frontage of 56 feet to Flinders-lano east, by a depth of 06 feet C inches, to La Tralic-parade, being portion of allotment No. 16, of sec- tion No. 7, City of Melbourne. Together with A comfortable family residence erected on the above land, containing seven rooms, kitchen, i wo closets, stabling, &c;, being No. 117, now in the occupation of Mr. Lcago. Po3 ession can be had in March, 1857. Turms Liberal, declared at Side. To persons seeking investments, the above offeis a very favourable opportunity, situated OB it is in the most healthy part of the City of Melbourne, having a fine view of the Yarra i'nrra and Hobson s Bay. For pniticulais of title application to bo made at the offico of Mr. BELL, Solicitor, Swanston-atrcet. 2377 POSTPONED'TfJï'TJESDAY, 25th NOVEM BER. In Consequence of Thurbday being Holiday Elegant and Modern Household Furniture, Glass, Superior Piano, Carriage Homos, At the Residence of - Jeffery, Esq., Victoria parade. To Private Families, Furnituro Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY are favoured with instructions from - Jeffery, Esq., who is leaving for England, to submit to public com- pétition, on the premises, situated in Victoria parade, flute the residence of J. P. Bear, Esq . on Tuesday, 25th inst., at twelvo o'clock, An elegant and useful assortment of house- hold (urnitnre, nearly new, and of the newest pattern, comprising Drawing-room furniture, en suite Elegant mirrors, in variety Do. window- hangings Dining-room furniture Do. tobies Loo I nbles Handsome cut glass chandelier, eight lights Carpets Vases Lustres Chinaware Bedroom furniture A magnificent grand squaro pianoforto, nearly new A very tiaiuiiomo park carriage, suitable for one or two horses, with serni eliptic springs, and built of teak, light but substantial A very superior pair of bay carriago horscB, good in singlo or double har- ness, young, perfectly sound and quiet Haudsorao sot of doublo harness, sad- dlery, &n.; Terms-Cash. . 1 he auctioneers beg to call ospecial atten- tion to the abovo furniture, the whole of it Icing equal to now and of tlio best workman- ship. Catalogues may be obtained in a few days, _2267 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Desirable Suburban Property, near Hawthorne. To Porsons Requiring a Comfortable ' Country Residence SYMONS and PERRY are instructed to soil by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 24th inst., at twelvo o'clock, A comfortable cottago residence, containing thrco rooms, entrance hall, pantry, &c;, tho y hole well built of brick, situated at Haw- thorne, near the residence of Mr. Justica Wrixon and Mr. newetson, about a milo and half from Richmond Bridge, Together with Six acres of rich land, thrco »cres at present cropped, with potatoes and oats, the whole wen r.r.d securely fenced In ; there is also a lorge garden, fenced with paling, stocked with fiuit-trees, and a water-hole, containing au abundant supply of jjood water. Title Unexceptionable. For fuither particulars apply at the rooms of the auctioneers. Terms at Sale.. The land above-mentioned is portion of sec- tion No. 72, Boroondara, and has a frontage to a Government road leading into the road j Gardiner's Greek and Caulfield. 2511 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Ea8oy's Paddock, St. Kilda. Opposite the Residence of W. P. Stawell, Esq., and having a Frontage to tho Government Reserve on the Beach. TÏ7 EASE Y and CO. have received in VV e structions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their mart, Collins-street, on Monday, 24th inst., at one o'clock, All that piece of land having a fiontngoof 40 feet to the Government Reserve by a depth of 80 feet, with another f rontogo of 40 feet to a road leading from Ackland-street to tho beach. This allotment of land is, without excep- tion, the pick of St. Kilda. It has one of the fineBt views of the Bay, shipping, Williams- town, Brighton, &c.; ; adjoins the residence of Jno. Swire, Esq., and is opposite the cottago of the Hon. the Attorney-General. To parties in eeorch of a splendid site for building close to the beach this sale offers many inducements, TcrmB Liberal, declared at Timo of Sale. _2437 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER, fit. Kilda. Most Valuable Freehold Proporty, Situate in Hoddle-street. St, Kilda, Near the Residences of W. H. Tuckett and \- Hooston, Esqrs., And Opposite tho Hare and Hounds Hotol. TT7 EASE Y and CO. have received instruc- ts , tions from the proprietor to sell by miction, at their mart, 33 Collins street, on Monday, 24th inst., nt ono o'clock, All that valuable plot ol' land.havng a frontage to Hoddle-street of 1C0 feet, by a depth of 200 feet. ',..", A . This splendid property is in tho same street and near the ic3idences of W. II. Tuokett and' \- Hooston, Esqrs., and is bounded on the couth side by Messis. Tullett and WattS's fur- niture warehouse, is opposite the Hare and Bounds Hotel, and at the junction of Grey ' and Hoddle streets. i This allotment will bo offered in one lot, or tub-divided into two lots.as purchasers may re^ The property is fenced, and commands a. luintifnl view of the Bay and country, nnil tub» tit* in i.uc6t oi £iÄ;».iU iiiU* lor build- ing purposes, ia well worthy their attention. It has a noble frontage and depth, and rill le sold to the lushest bidd.-r. i Terms Liberal, declared at time of Sale. L 2515 Sales by Auction. MONDAY, 1st DECEMBER. Desirable Family Residence, with Forty Acres of Land, At Brighton, near the Royal Hotel and Beach. Important and Unreserved Sale of Most Va- luable Freehold Property, containing 40 Acres of Land, together with the Substan- tial Brick-built Residence, containing Five Rooms, with Kitchens, Sculleries, Pantry, Servant’s rooms, Double Coach-house, Three- stall Stable, Harness-rooms, Fowl-houses, Piggeries, &c.;, in all forming one of the most Compact and Gentlemanly Residences in this favourite locality. Also, The Household Furniture, consisting of Hand- some Rosewood Drawing room Furniture, Rosewood Piano, Dining and Bed Room Chairs, Tables, Carpets, Curtains, Book-case, Chests of Drawers, Beds, Bedding, &c.; Horses, Albert Car, Harness (single and tan- dem), Gentlemen’s and Ladies’ Saddles, Bridles, Ploughs, Harrows, Rollers, &c.; W. EASEY and CO. have been favoured with instructions from Thomas Splatt, Esq., J.P., who is proceeding to Eng- land, to sell by auction, at their mart, 83 Col- lins-street west, on Monday, 1st December, at one o’clock precisely, The above valuable property, containing 40 acres of land, together with the family residence, furniture, &c.; The house contains entrance-hall, dining and drawing rooms, and sleeping apartments, and is approached from the Go- vernment road by A Handsome Carriage Drive. The out-buildings consist of two kitchens, scullery, pantry, two servants’ rooms, double coachhouse, three-stall stable, large store and shed, fowl- house, piggeries, &c.; There is an abundance of good water, sup- plied from two large tanks, each capable of containing 20,000 gallons. The grounds are beautifully laid out, and the garden is stocked with the choicest fruit- trees and vines, and at the rear of the house is a five-acre paddock fenced-in with close paling. Ten acres of the land has been cleared, and five acres of the same are now under crop. The whole property is fenced in with a three- rail fence, with handsome entrance gates. The property has a frontage to two Govern- ment roads—one one chain wide, and one two chains wide. Is within a few minutes walk of the Royal Hotel and beach. The road from Melbourne is macadamised nearly the whole way. In calling attention to this sale the auc- tioneers beg intending purchasers to go and view the property, as any description they can give will fall far short of the reality. Suffice it to say, that few places in the colony will be found to surpass this, both as regards the arrangement of the grounds and house, and its beautiful situation. Brighton is daily coming more and more into repute, and so soon as the railway is finished land in this neighbourhood will be- come invaluable. The above property will be either sold in one lot or subdivided in five or more acre allotments. Further particulars of furniture, &c.;, will be published in a few days. A plan of the above can be seen at the room of tlie auctioneers. Parties desirous of viewing the house and grounds will be furnished with cards on ap- plication to the auctioneers. Title—A Grant from the Crown. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. 2310 TUESDAY, 26th NOVEMBER. To Timber Meiehants, and Others. 4,666 Deals and Battons. TTJT EASEY and CO. will soil by auction, Yy , on tho Australian Wharf, on Tuesr day, 26th inst,,at twelve o'clock, 2,276 bcFt red Baltic deals 2,378 do liattons, 9x3 and 7x8. Further Particulars in Future Advertisement. 2137 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Without Reserve. St. Kilda. St. Kilda Land in Robe and Grey Sheets, opposite tho Star and Garter Hotel, St Kilda. Jmpoitant and Unreserved Sole of Valuable Freehold Property, being the Principal Por- tion of Government Allotment No. 31, Situate at tho Comer of Groy and Robo Stree Is. To Privato Gentlemen, Merchonts, Trades- men, and Others, desirous of Obtaining in these Favourito Streets Eligiblo Sites for tho Erection of First-class Buildings, WEASEY and CO. have boon favoured e with instructed from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their mart, Collins street, on Monday, 24th iiiBt., at one o'clock precisely The above valuable property, subdivided as follows :- Lot 1. Corner Allotment, having a frontage to Robe street of 60 feet, by a depth oi another frontage to Grey-stroot of 108 feet Lot 2. Having a frontage of 37 feet;G¿"oheato Robc-stieet, by a depth oí ?08 feet, with right of-way at back, as per plan. Lots 8 and 4. Each having a frontage to ho'io street of 37 feet 0 inches, by a depth of 92 icet, with right of-way at back of 16 feet. Lot5. Having a frontage to Robe-street of 37 feet C inches, by a dopth or another frontage of 92 feet to a road 30 feet wide, with i ight-of-way at back of 16 feet Lot 0 and 7. . Each having a fiontuge to Gtey-atreot of 46 feet, by a depth of 108 feet, with light of way at back of lo feet wide, as per plan. Lots 8 and 9. Each having a fiontnge of 45 feet to a road 30 feet wide, by depths of 84 and 92 feet, and Tight of-vvny at hack, as per pinn. (Tho pur chneeis of lots 0 and 7 can have tho option of tailing theso lotB) Loti 10,11,12, and 13. Each having a frontnge to Robe-street of 42 feet by a depth of 168 feet, with right-of way at back of 30 feet wide. Lot 14. Having a frontnge of 42 feot hy a depth 3!« feet, with right of-wav at back of 30 feot wide, as per pinn. These lnst51otsarediiectly opposite the Star and Garter Hotel, and bounded rcape lively by the properties of Mr, Henderson anil Di. Evans. J lu calling tho attention of intending pur-j chnRcrs to the sale of this fino propel ty, thoo ?Auctionsis «ru convinced they will be borne? .,;;. in their assertion that the lund above ad-1 ?urtieen ¡ú in one of tho very best situations; in St. Kilda. , . , , . j This property is on high ground, and com-1 monds extensive views of tho Bay nutt sur îounding country. On looking at tho plan of St Kilda, it will leseen nt a cutsniy glance that Robe and Groy sticets ore ii» the most central and valu- able part of St. Kilda, they being close to the terminus of lb« railway, neor the beach, Junction nnd Royal Hotels, Post Office, &c;, Title Unexceptionable. Terms Liberal, Declared at Palo. The abovo nltotments aro marked out on tlie ground, and pinn of tho same con bo soen 11 the rooms of the Auctioneers. 2247 TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. I To Closo Various Consignments. At the Stoics of Mesáis. E. Westby and Co., Collins-street. . TS7 EASEY and CO. have leceived m YV . structions from Messrs. E. Westby und Co. to sell by auction, at then stores, Collins-ptreet, on Tuesday,25thinst., at cloven The following goods, toclose consignments 3,300 kegs (iron), each 28 lb, superior whito leod . 450 do do, do do black paint 450 do do, do do green do , 36 do do, do do venetian red point 235 do do, do do purple brown 24 do do, do do red lead 80 casks, each 2J cwt., whiting . 490 boxes best crown glass, ossoitod sizes . 10 x 8,12 x 10, 14" x 10,15 x 10,16 x 10.10 x 12. l8 x 12, l8 x 14,20 v 10, 22 x16,24x18 L . , 40 casks, each 1 cwt, bi-carbonato of soda 28 cases, each 6 jars, 28-lb ench, tar taiicocid , , .,, 2 cases, containing 13G 1-oz bottles quinine ... ... 50 barrel?, each 8-bushelB, f pht pens , CO boxes London polo yellow soap, cacti 66-lbs CO do do do, do 28-lbs 0 ciihks Bath bricks n"a^a,i 10 cases coloured glass, blue, flushed, ruby, and green cplourB 30 shop, cooking, and ironing stoveB 20 iron ploughs, American W*T«» . 1 reaping machine, by Mory Wedlako 2 cases fancy and imitation pipes 1 cnBe of jewellery Aleo, 3 superior family cats,hornees, So. Terms Liberal, Declared at Time of Bate. \-- THIS DAY. 1 100 Tom iic.-v..*! I- (N.S.W.) Cods , WEASEY and CO. will Beilby auction, . at their mort, 83 CollinB-etreet weat, OÍ Friday, 2M ¡n«t..at twelve pc ook, J0e toña of Nowcarflo (N S W.) coola. | In let» to suit riir i is'.'.s, j 'lama-at ¡s-' - ¿>ia \---5?Íft?yAñ¡r¡oC^ w letT"° Junction «Sa O Ar' » rt?« iï^S lri 0,1(!8t of Eligible níí,801' 24th nst. at nne8toyookBt'ioI1Wl | Tllefol^».S6plendld:building8i(t( ",H<"Tl,ne 'a frontngo of'41 fw t . Street, by a depth of 80 feet. et to ^ ) - ,,, Lots2nnd8 Jtach having a frontngo of 41 f , street, by a depth of 80 feet fecttc ahese three allotments aredirwH. the back of the Windsor Hotel ? °r> _, . Lots 4 and 6. Each having a frontngo of 41 w, " ntiettyby a depth of 80 feet. k!i Having a frontago of 4Í feet t"r> , by a depth of 80 feet. to Peel¡l These three ullotmnnfn n»- . adjoining the ^Íffártg8 'Bmc4 '- , , . lots7and8, Each having a frontngo to Pceklmt feet, by a depth of 8G feet. te" Lots 9, 10,11,12, and io Each having a frontage of « L u street, by a depth of 80 feet. Cet *° the Prince Albert Hotel Ptreet' and , Plans can be seon at the Anotin. i M hero overy information will l«Ä' intending purchase« ta íurniíl« Terms Very Liberal, Declared nt Sal \- 2JI I MONDAY, 21thNÔVÈMBË5n I Damaged Flour and Bran. ' H Ex Ellen Simpson and Carribean V A G. M'COMBE will gell by Ä X1« his rooms, Collins-street, nextfhcS cf Australasia, on Monday, 21th initi eleven o'clock, | 400 bags damaged Chilian and a Francisco flour and bran, f I Ex Ellen Simpson and Carribean, I To be sold for the bonefit of all concerní Full particulars in future advertisemj MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBÏÎTj Clearing-out Sale. ' Balance of Mr. Do Young's Goodi áG. M'COMBE will sell by aoctioi . his rooms, Collins-street, sal k of Australasia, on Momlaj, ; inst, at eleven o'clock, 83 pieces 72-inch drills 40 bolts navy canvas, assorted N«, 400 flour and 3 bushel bagB 1160 black-sand bags 14 pieces 72-inch calico 20 pieces stuped calico and dowlii 14 navy canvas tarpaulins, m sizes 29 drill flies, do 26 drill tents, do 80 pieces carpets 48 flags, and quantities of bunting No Reserve. MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER." To Drapers, Haberdashers, and 011« AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, , rooms Collins-street, noxt tho II Australasia, on Monday, 24th in6t., at oclock, " , "".,_, 1 case, 28 pieces 72-inch Croydon ings 1 bale 24 dozen sorge shirts 1 do, 21 pieces 72 inch Wigan, No, 1 do, 20 pieces 72 inch grey sbcetii ldo, 25 dozen twilled regattas hacks) 1 do, 20 pieces 08-inch greys 1 bale 20 pieces 72-ineh do. Terms at Sale. . THIS DAY. Butter, Hams, Cheese, Pickles. On Account of Whom it May Oman JM'KAY will sell byanction, athisroi a 17 Queen-street, on Friday, 21jtii at eleven o'clock, 80 York hains, slightly tainted 40 tins cheese 80 cases pint pickles 16 firkins butter. 2K ~~ THIS DAY. Miscellaneous Goods, On Account of Whom it May Concern J.ri_ , _To Close Accounts. M KAY will soil by auction, at . rooms, 17 Queen street, on Friiíiy.í iiiBt,, at eleven o'clock, 10 enees and biiBlietu obaxupagno 12 do French pickles and oils 9 do sherry wino 10 barrels alo and porter 1 clock, toast-rack, ink-atand, g1 shades CruBhing-mnchine, coffee-mill 7 barrels Guinness's stout Also, 1 erato earthenware, containing taff vegetable dishes, meat, soup, eh« and dessert plates, pudding shai &c.; All Without Any Reserve. 23 " THISDAYT Oats. On Account of Whom it May Concern JM'KAY will sell by auction, at . rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Fridayi inst.. nt cloven o'clock, 45 bags Scotch oats, in bad order, J Without Reserve. aij THIS DAY. j Loaf Sugar. j T M'KAY will sell by auction, »ti ti . rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Fnij 21st inst,, , at eleven o'clock, 10 tierces loaf sugar, 10 lb loaves, Particulars at Sale, :' äJ THIS DAY. Candles. J JM'KAY will sell by auction, at 1 . rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Friday,« inst,. at eleven o'clock, 110 boxes Prico's Belmont sperm ram] Particulars at Sale. 2M THIS DAY. Potatoes. JM'KAY will sell by auction, of i . rooms, 17Quccen-strcet,onFri(lay,ij insL at eleven o'clock, . 16 tons potatoes, more or less, v.D.l; _Without Reserve. ¿i THIS DAY. Maizo and Bran. . m JM'KAY will sell by auction, all . rooms, 17 Queon-street, on Friday, ¿| inst,, at eleven o'clock, . 1,200 buBhcls maize, whole and cracked 1.0C0 do bran. ".J Particulars nt Sale. M>M THIS DAY, Oats. i JM'KAY will sell' by auction, at i . rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Friday, ¿(J inst., at eleven o'clock, 60 bags superior V.DX. oats 2,000 do best Scotch, do, if landed 600 do Danish do. " , ". ^___ Particulars at Sale._£ THURSDAY. 27th NOVEMBER. " Salo of Building Allotments i nibo liest «| of North Melbourne. I A BLISS and CO. >metoj A. voured with instructions ftoraM fnncushiro to sell by public Mc/f'°? I gTonud situate at the cornei-of'iM>| Queensberry streets, North Melton», 'lhuTEday 27th inst., at twelve o clock. Six choice building allotments, each mi» a frontage of 24 feet to Errol-street, ,.,,",, ly a depth of 70 feet to Lancoshire-Btrcet I ftTwodo:do.,eneh having a frontasooi: feet to , . . Queensborry-street, .() by a depth of 76 feet to a right-of-way w "one valuable corner allotment^ tag frontage of 25 feet to QneeMbern« depth of 76 feet to Lancashire-street, lightof-way 10 feet wide in «£""' cl f One nllotment, having a frontage- ^ Lancashire-street, .^ by a depth of 75 feet to a right-of-way * Emir other allotments each hwlMJ» age of 22 feet to Lancashire-street, by » i oJ 76 feet. . .."""i-wr toa'i ïhese allotments are indi >unNÄ in the best business position "^¿/J bourne, and are adapted for a super«» j ^Auctioneers do not deem » «¡»J to moke any further Comments, ten j lied that those interested In Woitba«J are too well aware that thei gwnnj «J be offered is not to bo surpassed m nu The Title is 1'^f <-t- h. Wt abe Terms-Half cash: balance by^ four and eight months, bearing 10 I" «J intcicst. ivisccnal'l A plan of the property CM' b" ^U» cilices of the Auctioneers, 50 Cn»ncuj ^ 