.lSTEAM TO MELBOURNE: A J Thle new swvft Steamer, GEELONG. Leaves for lelbourneo, Every Day, (Sundays excepted) at two o'clock p.m., returning rom 31elhlarnv every morning at 8 o'clock. Aui thile favorite steam ir . PRINCE ALIJER A ., Leaves for Melbourne every Tuesday,Thurdlayand Saturday, et half- pant 11 o'Clock, returning alter Freight 1l 5s er ton. * J"1OMAS & MtWIll.IAM, Geelong. .S ?i " rlE , CITIZEN," John 'Lean, (.oel? C--n trlpi as uual, leaving Geelong Fronht ...... .............. 12 er Fare Cabin .................. 6 q WILLIAM BIIYAN & CO., Agents, . Market Snianre. \- RAIh l 1 UI hla.pielkivIeti S -Alteration of Time of Starting ________ _fl-eTe new and powerful screw "COIRIO.' Wv. TnierOn, commander, will lenve the Wharf lor elvlbourne. Tuetday, andt Frlday lorningl, at 5 a.m.; returning from lMelbourne Wednesday, tnel saturdayr at 4 ptne. c FreiIIt at Current rates. Apply to CRptin TUlt7ItIt, on board, Mooraboo Wharle" a i 7"?. P T IlE new screw stea mtc r, wiil leove tile c(u2n'ea Whaenf Me.lhbourne, every Tuesday and Friday, alt 4 me.n j D . PAiKFeR A Co.. K.-?ir - .. ... I -o-AT TOWhN via I oTn ce I etaan - The 1.a unectone . L i.N.Co'l. Wo.e lave the ltueen's o Whao rfl lellborne, regularly ase l . n1k owBa , lllh It .itle dto Passengers ftr Ileubart Town can be booked tlhroih, per Lord's Day Coachl, at the follewineg foee-£e.d Cabin pi.oascge and insoie sent in coach, irom ec-lbourne to lloburtTovn ... 7 0 Do dIo nit otailtide seat do ... 0 7 6 Secra- do 1do i1l0 ... ... 4 0 0 NVt\ILLIAMt IIA.li i,.l "m-ad CO., 97, Great Collin,#--atrmt weet, Melbourne. Or. SWANSfTON, WILL.IS, &STEVI;'NS, __. ___- Geelong_______ EIG GUI, AR Weekly Com inentcallon witt. Woearnen. booul, 'rL FaIrY, Inlld Pertlaud.- Thle lt an favourite screw steamner 1 CHAMPION." Franok lelpman. commaonder, Z.5 tons, 60 horse poew'r. lcves the Iluilavay 'lier, Sandriige, fuir the abov' ports '.very Frilday ui tl fartlher notice. l'aececure froem ile!eang forwarded at ship's ex peno.a oil Friday morninla,,h Ulte lliandon. Applyto JAb. toII' FY and Co., Little Jlnlop.strect I:at. S".. U O1TIUCE.--SIIANI)ON, Steamer i ' . from CGeelong, every morning' S Sandrilgpe iallway Pier every alter. | ? "? ." noon0 at half-past two o'clock t(Sun. fireakfast for cabin and steerage passengers pro Tidcd on board. Soard. W. & R. FARE, Agents. Il ONDON I.INE OF AUSTRAL .1 ASIAN Pocket ShIpa.-iThe fol -lowing splenditd flrat-clia silps, sailingi weekly troem Laullon, and owned by Mtarusnit.i.eo. Eretrke of that port, are etployed egularly in the Autlra:tno Trade. 1hey hnve frbt-rat- aocomenodation fur rasenger, and are auppUl i wit?s s ptd provlsions, of thebot de~ctn. eng reland can readlly join t e isDip'cllin at TlyInouth, and will have very assistance rendered t llem by SMarhlell c'd -drfdgelm Agent there. O- Tn- on \- Ships Ileg.iter. Burthlen George 'larsh ll ..... -1 ....... -1 .., Lightrr' tile Agee.....o .. 1 1107 2 ?0 HaU over ........... ...... .......1. 100 Ei ; ; .912 1300 Kate 130...0........... ... .... . ' Washington Irving ..;...... . l 150 Statesman ........ ......... .. 1250 marchlontet of Londonl. ei ....................... 1 00 onrientaln e ........................ 0? Orientl *... ... ............... . ... 506 Wo Hdtlghly"-.......:....... 466 700 Navarino ......................... 4 00 hir a from Enflnnd can be secured andful . information obtained by application to the owners oftie shipns - - Sf ': IARiISIALL -A DRIDGE, I O3, Fenchurch-street, London TIMMS, WILSON. & CO. Geelong. I.E TAGO, New Zealand.--The under-! t1 alinedtiaving been appointedby tho Provislonal Government of Otigo to act as Immigration AgentAol in Itelbourne, will furnish parties desiroui of obtaining Informa tlon, with a eummniry of the land regulatioons n.l atlstleca of tlle provlcea; also, aueh other intl( - i maion an relates to the sailing of vessels eiom relbourne to Otago.. Bond-btreot, Melbourne - .-,?ULACK BALL LINE.-Royal Mail O.? Li Clipper Packets.-The owners of tlls 1 oelebrattl line having contracted with ier l3aojresty's Government to carry the maili between Englandand Austratia the follow ingd orotter clipper packets, will be ilespptcled ans an ert- Fou Lrt ratL. " FlIeO ter. Capteilns. 1S55. Marco Polo ............ ... wild A.pril5th : Don.,il M'Kay ............ ll Warner tany 5th chlomberg, (Aberdeen . - clip er) .................. 2500 Forbls June 5tle Clhtnplon ortlie Seand.. 2Gt Newlands July 5thl Jame tU lnhe ............... 200 M'U.hllell Aug. ith Lltgtnnii . ........0....... -03 li:nrielt Sept 5th boomerang .................. 1,21 Brow Oct. 5tll Marco Polo.................. -25 il . 5 I'oniild 'y ............2600 Warner Dec. 51th With tilhe return mnnl, on or about tlee 10th ofecht month, or sneh other tiny ua lay be appoInted hV t e Colonal a(:ovs.rnment. I nrese vreselo oreconsuctneedIY the firt bulldersoel .ie dlav, incluAing M'Kay of Boston, and lialt of As tpaeenoear convryances, they tlve carnedl the repntationo dLling tIe bst menloed linue of slip s nolat, for ptd.ltu?ityIn aoling, ralpid pYasage, and u-eier uccaminelition. if nia;ger frem EniLndi to Auatralia.-Pa.Fogo'lcer Ceuate caan be obtained froin tile underslgned by -ersons desirous of getltin thelr frendl s out to tlhese eolonies from au v o Great o BritalUI oT Ireland, and they cnon ralceliti uponI being joined here by their irnenda within six nlontha from tile time at writing. Renll ttncat--Sunl of money for outfit, e.. rcan be triatlsitied throue1i tile untlerAlgned, who rtant drStgt wt Fight payable in any town in Great Britain or treland. ExpreaB end Forwardlgi Dcpartment.-An Ex preoss will bIe made ote by V.ch oftliese slelp., and gold, sliles, ad tarcela torwardled thlrough tile owl.er.m ?t?i?? Janen tflil, A& Co., of Liv-irpoot i t--y place In lcrret lritaii. the Continent o. Enrope, aild the lnititl State- of America. nmporter@s will tlnl it to tlleir dvantage to direct the attenotion ol tlrir u!;ents in Etngland to tlild line, stile Inanlt.riet arrangements aiivoe been madel by meNrar Jam-. llaieiie and Co., far recelv Inr and shlippllng gooda by tile regular monlthly mail pIoaketa. Shipperl of Colonial Produce, Gold, Wool, Talliw, Oil, Ac., will perceive tlio advantape to be deAved a lrne of filAt-auitlhg cliPtera dhliatecled -elul.a'ly, and with the tenctuelit -l-iJeh character il.Ls. annl by whtch tile rnttu ofr ireiht wih unly b ie t oie atie by other firet. Fcr Ireilht, ase and otler information, pnletylrt, t bI&u; Y, BAItIES A Co., ta« el Commerce, Collins-atr>el, west, Uiltmuca.a. Or to F. tAIllIt, ^ .-AGLE i.INI OE PACKErs. i For .livertooltee sail en Tiluretdny tete titl JanusIey, the superior atd fanou rite thip, :. AI.nIATnOS, 1500 tont' burtlrn, Tliuima B. Alien, late of the DIommr. commnnder. Tile raenear actonlmodautlons of tle shltp are eaetllento and being a faet sailer, and ueeier thr ommnod of Captein Allc, so drlervedly populatr in thle Autrtlian trNdo, the gr.t-tet luduccmelit Is offered to paoseonr?,. Gold, ikool, de..i willbe forwarded to London at *hip'sexpenie,. . kor Irdghct, or passa.e, apply to 1aIntGIIT, tIeOl & CO, llindeer-lnec, cteleboart.e; or, to SWAhSTON, WIL.IS & STPIIEtN, Geelong. jiORFreight or Chartcr.--nThe fiene \- fast nailIng elhooner " Vlbllla," r|TO owuera o0 l.ightlcrs.--autcjl to lip, reliuee or il et. im m ted tely, i'rovtt 10 to2,i talis Comlieun icut. on11 to be ed Jdr eSle to WtILt.IIAM .'lti'TOill Vic oria l)tetl, .iIarletl-s.luaree, Gelong. E .1?I.ACIK laII Line of Dritiei ntiel S oAeivutlai lnecenl Mull peelhets,- hoe 1. Fa rteev .I r e-c. to tic pllw tie Llglltnlult.--Tl'f A A clipper lllp 2000 lonn burtlln. Plhernell . colnmnellcr v-ill le despatclled en cI It 31?J1 at Jiilt." evtle Iler IfaJesty's m alls under ecletrao't Ite iet ve r lie-len Iln 5 il:ay-. T lilta nwg cllelnt l ir -ll. -hull - liln i n10 ow l .n lir Orat aoyuec, and lha lately irrivel, >ther a rnirld Ple,'l?ir, earric.. . lillct .e.. for thle ...e of tIen passegeegcrSlenetI C qeenllleed sorgeon. lier leait»nliewele elticeol nre ol a suiprior cblneate , ae nd a s t ie ll ait i ni s take a liletleel numeher of pan*oleeere, early nljlltellan is neeedo. P1-eva of cabtnt me ,c,,e 0.-la, nl rtle. of peaguen o at nined fro mn M AC ,l' I Nlt h 1 ae t l e .. I hii of Coolllleerece. llbeurni; or, 1. tIAUfIlt, lyrie street, Grleonal..________ - \- f h 1 I. onelett I. irect.--To ail therth . j fl'te........ the welt 1. .v....l. hteip OSTlIeIN IvI'. t 1 c, ll i toa leer register, Jolln Oenre.l t onllllllnthllrC. lier ncvonulclilillu' lee ehlle-f eanle palonortlI are evrlrelnt Iauel elelelll.i'lta1t 10 anil nt hler ovl t as adleallraul, ieplortillllly for II etellee lnv.seeneel. IHu tle freeat-aer teIrtlenI ofr leer sIrge rongug-d. For freight anoi 1lecleil npOlly to pAMLOTRYI tIleiTION, ANto CO., oTAGOI New Zealand.---TLe fast Hailing brig nrs John ncol. oomman-der, under nengage ment to tIle Provincial Government, will sail tor tile above part on Frtlday. Feb. lot. 'Thlis province oifers great advantages for settic tment both to large and small capirtalists, as also to the labouring hcaes rgenerolly. It covers an area of nearly twent/ million acres, which tlie all been acquired by purchase firom tile natives; It well wooded ond watered; posesseRs all tle advantCges of religious anil educatii.nal intitutlonsa. The new land regulations parred by the Provin cial Council fix tile priec of land at ent slillings per acre. and in older to Ipreserve tile country to boln Ide oceupnytin ettler., and to keep out mnono polists, purchasers are required to explend Ii it" provemento on tile land (I,:clidine buildings, fences, atnd breaking upt, a sum equnt to 40.. lper acre withln a period of four ycar lrom dolate o1 purchalle. For freiglht or passao e opply to IT. P.Sawell and Co., to tile cuaptail on Loaed, at tihe Newv Anetraiia Whbarf. where every infornntloti will be glvel to intendiltg cml-traotte to Mr. Campbell. ei'gtloeer. Ilalllritt, or to lessrs. Tlat and Vriglt, timlbr nlerecllhnns, Goelong. . l-.' OR London Direct.--To sail D1oi ' tivealv lt Marcli, the iplendbl new Sriver built auhlp, ROXiUnIOll CASTLE, Al for thirteen years, JDohn Admns, commander, 1121 tons per register. 'lls restil iforio one of tile lMes.rs Creen's mal-. nltieeot fl:rt, ro .welltkton tno tilheecxellency of their aerenenotltation, Int.'ndlng passengers will do weil to lnlpeit this noble ship, ill whlirl every eomfort is proolded. A boat wilt Ie li nttedltonce to coitvey partles to alid t rlt tile esel: ordlers folir htoclh will he given oi applloatlon at the uofce of thile underigneod. Tile rates af passoge are a0 folloaws: ChiTef Cablin, bly special agreanrct. ntermedlate .... . £35 teerarge ...... ..23 includlng a liberal dietary. For termsa of frellht or poagr, opply to iAI.tLGET, tIBlUT'iON . Co. .,ap-e. --.'it O.TEAhI to Adlelide. 'fhe new cn" $ ? fat and powerful iron crew steam-shipp URRIA BURnA, James Lawrntc, commat.der. will be dsrpatclhed for tle above port on VlWednesday. thie illth instant, carrying paosengers at the following rates- £. a.d. Firstcabln ... .. ... 8 8 0 econd do ... ... ... 4 4 0 Return Tickets First Cahbin .... ...14t cond do.... 7 00 For freight orpassage apply to I1'.M£CKXN, tLACKWOOD. ,t CO., 2, Klng-treet, Mlelbourne. m l F~'l LONDON.-- Tbe fine A I ship r? - £" ~ Ti[ A M S \- tr A. Maclean commander, (late of tie lmdlncy) 82 ton reglister, belonging to Messr. D. I unbar andSons. 'hlis vessnel now on lar first voyage and has proived treelf a fast and comlbrtable aship: will take a limited nunmber of cabin passengers and laving the fgreatr portion of hter wool engagcti will meet r lth r depatch. For Ireight of iwo l andl gold, or passage, Aopply to AItly;:T, I BOTSON, and Co.; eir * itOTl:l.l, I1tIITE . td Geelong 14Itth Novembher 1r o _ OTICE.--Coits?nce wanted for a Sv qiuanltty ofSalet in hulkh, o Elizt beth, toindon.-If not elaied unlid re. Ilnowct io a week's tine from this date, It tit ie sold to d ft'ry freight and etiorges. G111t5, RONALtD, AD CO., Corio-terrsce. \- J. UTTON'S WHARF.- BALI.AS1 \--Ships Ballasted withl every des patchl at 3s Id per ton, put on board. W AIIFAGES.-Good Whnrfagc accommodation for veosels refitting or lheaving down. _.. 'E.S CileNl ' SNT EAMEN'S SHIP .1 PING OFFICE.--A. FITCIIETT, , Licensod Shipplng tMatter, Victoria Labour atarhel, Mrket Square, Geelona$ Sanmcn aupplitlt at tIle chortect notice. A SI?RICIAN Cooking Stove., new aod im pa d;it r ttern, for Sale, by BUILINGA.ME and Co., 87, Ilourke- ttreet cast. Melbourne. MERIICAN Cookin, Stove Warehouse.--E. A c. WRItL LOCK and CO. (late F. B. tdood), importers of lotlet,Sltp, tKltcen and Pat'ntlortove, latges, Grates, ao., 12 Iltussell.etreet. Melbournc. 1 NDtIEW ANDEI:RISN, Pianu-forte Maker ?.fornerly of London,l begs to intimate to the public of G(clong that lie is prel.red to undlertake lhe tilling ntui repairing of all descriptions ot piano-tortes. Ac., andllopes frcm il I longep?rience an all thle ubranches ofttlds business, thait I nwill be tound to giv santi?elfcion to thuesc who may lavour himn withl tl.ir orders. Addreas --o. Lititle lnMlop-strcct, east. A KIEN; IIE PADDUCKS, Cohit-roadl. - 'The above extenscive and well-iatered Pad dock. ,nvl! g bernll held clr of Stock for tile last 3 moantlis, are now In splhndil condition, and ora open for tile grazing oat Iorse Stock only durinl; ctie tulnter. T.rns Is per nilght, or IS per weet, with a reduc tion for longer periolds. 1t UNG BROTHERS, Colan lload. Akenride. 'auurn Ponds, 4th lecember, 1S55. "" S S 0 It T E D Invoice of 8auces.r A tILES, KIIGTON, and CO., Flinders-latw weat, telhourne.a A1RROWSMITIrIS' Map of tihe Sotth A Eastern Provinces oa nustrnlia, corrected to 155. I '55 Mounted oni rollers, and.varnished, lae,O fet 4 inches x 5feet 5 inches Prize, t7. For tile convenience of settlers ani trnvellersthele alove tulrtiva.led. imap is lro done up in cases, pruce £5. InsIpeection respectfully- solicited at SANDS and I.:N Y'S Victoria Stationeryr Wxebou5e, 34, Col lins-street, tlcltboirne; or-THOMAS IRtOWN, Stationer, ,lonrabool- atreet, Geelrong, . It S E N I C .-For Sale, by the Under igned,- Arsenic in lecwt. kegs. JAOIES IIENTY A Cl., Little 'Ialoptrert earst. "-Sth December, 1055. CAIt) ---Bit\VWN BRltiTlEllS take this opportunitiy or thanking tueir friends and custometcc, le tile patlerunne they hiavoe receivt tiiring tlo pant 'eanr, nid trott tihat their endeavors to ioe eatltnctlon in prices and tgallltieo of Goods will indnce 0 ar t exensio continuance of them during tihe year now commencing, which tlhy wishL m?ra tc a hal.py and prosperous one to them all. ?ialoannsreet, lit atnuary, 1-5n. O.l.iIATEI.Lt.t B AG,\TELLE 'LABiLES ON SAI.F, the hbet in the Cololy. with pcketle. slate beds., nnd all hnprovement, LU , .S, green clotll o and ever article colntecteol wtlh tile trali' ,uptllled at tlhe slleurtt tnotie, at Titi1i A0 anad t;.'1 a illlarl alnd tloastell 'iible .tanufuctory, ':21- Great nourke street, ,uit atlld, Mlelbourne. IjAItlAI3OI. Water .Mills.-I'o the neight .L eltriE lAgriculturits,. Corn Factors, and otlherS requirmngt Vheat (:round. Ie t:etderelgnd b:. nmuch pleaure in informing Faricrs, Lorn italere, and the public eneraiclly, that tile Ni c \ u1tr 31111, nt Illtuekey'a FIll, on the ltriont ll hver, Is now ready to irrlnd wheat at the luwest rate. Thie advinlatige that this mill will afford to tlhe Former, Ac. rcquire but to be taeen to be duly tp preclatedl. 'flie greatest care will be observed to giveena toalmers first qulity flour fur a good sample of a?leut. t:amners In the Ilarrubool tIllls district wihlilng to niike tiallnrlt andc the other diholngi tlel?r tlarklct. by croeelni at tihe Falli leadlng to Fyand' Flirt 'Ttal uae, ciii lilnd the dlt:licel to' iileo aleartr thou by oiiyi of ieloiga vcr tllel'outoon lrilpri tilui odoriline to then tile riryg reut it rant i lio of lty'o ditllenti Illo f ltge, dant which wiii prays io ikhc ha.eancleiaL to tie bahears .tOra kaotpaer, .1c, 00, grid tihe ctafIt to thi gold felids. tclet" Coern Factora willoldo find It very eon vinolct, it heltig .uite looe tolthe talotrat ruad, by. wayn of F!'an?1 Ford.· hl Anll" ill be c?:t nnd sold at a low flOgore. Jil,,t rxtcln?[ve *t?,rlar, acconmmodation. he fiirtheir pnrtliicena appldy |it theSill tie1 o at thce roldectco at Jualii ilg liatt, Ehq., on tlheo9ntro bool llillls. FIIRPEEICKI C. MOIItY. .Ij'tDl8 roEedr--t I-i i TEA0DS 0-'B od-TEA S a-Tahe larlCet anOd lrlla. t stock of h tot Ul.d rtend?r collprirhlgfievuy ,u?pltre, ult?-r, edcolor, mo sale by t le tunderaligned, T0 I1AWIIES, 100\. Mecrer-atrcel UILgd-N Mbltenals on Sale by tle uniler lijl.lalti and Ameeritan doors, tactrs, wltth or withlout LreuLeO, acouIdings, okiringo, to. Flooring, tIoltic ir Ateerlcani. 1o00 to 1.;, in redo, oite, yrellow, and tltch line Delal, sol?ld antd out, rtel. yellow, trid white ntetherboardls, quartrring,, o. Tile above 1oodtLh|tng kept tn eliad, are dry, and ].:DMlUND " l,:b-?IIYantl Co., Crret Collins' atreet Eant anil FLillncf ttar.o \V'est. ehlboiirlie. -IoaNVEYAN'CE FhOM GEEI.ONG TO QUEfNSC LItoF,--TII.O0t1AS WOOD, groteful for th e patreln ga heCtoocil uton the Stlr eoiu¢e.r onio ltat suanttier, toas to Ihthllnatt that lIin wl nosunlo rutnintn on Stoi'en, lot (Ictobcr, leIvlnlo Quc'nacliiff every lodam y litid Friday at 00.0u. andc le lvtyig Gneel,,ig rvery Tuesdayn autt Snturdiuy at three, Gi asseners Lked It han ltnilway -Uniio. att British 1lloteht, T~he huus? wilt bpunntuaily kept. Faarooe los. doiblh h rlpl LI hlogle do. :0.tI0. n'best'Qfiality, at a redluccil Price S'Thorne, Kimhbcr, and Co., La Trohe Terrace acar thae hallway LecainuS, tt C ARRIIAGES for Sale.-One Cab Phleton, Swith German shutters, light for one horse, Dog Carts Stanhop, "1g. Spring Crt, &., e. m'o be seen dt .'I rtb rn n od on's Coch Yard they having enlarged their premies, l:eg to ituorm Gentlttee, o'esttastere and otilers, who onay trve vhei cleo to dispose "L titot all carriages sent in for sale, or for repair, will be carefully kept undCer cover, and higfhei t orice got for raclt, accode inf to votoe. Usual eomootatiou charged where a saT is effected.__ (I l?lRIERlt' ARMS, Corduroy Bril?ge. I" Jones and laery hIaving obtained a Ilcensea Lor tie above-named i un beg too acq'.ad t their trieuda nta tile public in general-the clarriers in Iart.cular-that it t will be their cotanlt study to :leutt:n comfort and economy. 'tecir wines anoad spirit willbeo to, td condo to none in the colony. N.lt--Goed thlltling. L7UCCK'.c FU.'RNITUIii MAN \- -'tl'hl resources anti cileit, s possessed for mannuabgcturig every deceriptioh of IIOUSEIIOLD fURNITURE. at tills establihlmel't are dllty becoming more dvantugeuts, and Impuvt redut that nmaty be pre. silted terot time to tlmle will be oduptod, so ac to produce every article at tie lntintnlllc cut, and tihus compete sauccessfully with nit legitinmate traders. T'. C ccr., Il expree?ing hisn acknowhdtcgntets fort tle bSLne. G hliteerto placed C o his handt prolllit tlo.lereol.al attteltion to all orders 'eitlh abclt he may be ,-ntru.tecd. eJrrvwe thou nad!tree*-S15 and 161, Rourke-street, oppeo.it tile Eaitern Market, elclJourne. UetoryIT louevrle.street.n Vrth 3I lbourne. Aw laeodd the Exlibitiona1kedai for best workman hatronyid by tile Government, Corporation, lenevclent and Orphn aayluma, and lther istit tatiens. " Country and stipping orders executed with de spatch. Terms Cash. fLIRO:NOM TEllt.l-4etutd r.il repaired at V PATERSON'S Tlt l,Market.sequre Thle rates asncerttald by 'ransit Insatrument,'and[ Astronomical Clock. COALS retailedl it any small quantties, at the . rate of 3s ner ewt, at No , Jamesa-street. N.l.-Any prepaid orders, of not less than 2 wt t delivereed ree oa cartage auywhere about ton'n or. nuburbs. _ " 11, MAkCKIN Ihas removed to 92, Yarra-street, L opposite tle Wesleyan Chapel. lt Januiery., IO56. 1)?ENEIAM'S SELiF.C'IION ; or, the Saints LL elody, Last edition, on Pale. S THOMLAS IB ROWN, lohkseller, ltomraholsitreeet. E MATITIIEWS, Druwgist, Ashbl, hIas l. opened thie shop In C'arence-etreet, lately oeaupld by JMr. hlooker, where drugs may be ob ained, at tile.ame price, as at 0te tOld Shop in La Trob Terreace. l'OUNTAIN 6F Fr.lENDSHIP IIOTEL. Tomas WaVrren having suceceeded in obtaint. tag a aublitcan's general ilcense for Itel above hotel, situate near Cowie'o Creek, on tite direct line or road to the far fame, Oteiglitz dlggillgs oavinrg laid In an excellent steock efoine, spirits Tlo, rc., to suit the most tdi, us. Tle house eing ecntlrely new witt every covttenel , c, T. \V n,,ellct with confidcltee ti-he :.tronage ofthe pub-i lie, aotI partiectlrly that l' his tirielltl tile digers, Toere they will at aol times meet wllh good ac eetomodatiou and civility at reasonable charge.. ji Olt SALE.-CGger BIeer Corks and Litne SJuice, at cMathtws and liowey's. Corio-str?at S0n1 ?AI.E-A bargaltt--Two ttbstantialvl anti well-finishetd-brick cottages, with Ve randlas and Gard.ans, all 'ell fented, situated in lergareEt.street, New Town. Tcrms, hallf'tNoh and Ihlf at six monltths. Apply to Ur c.ordon, New Town, or Mir James s'eaman, Ilome Park, near East Geelong. FUIRNITURE, London-mande---A large and Splendtid t~ ortennt unpacked, and now an vlew at the Stores of TItIOINE, KIIERL &A; CO., La Trobe Terret', nter tile llwalwvy 'ertrenu J tiLT'EREh On sale, a large aosort moet of Filterersn. F. BAUER, ityrie-street, Geelontg, FRENC P 'rintted MUSLINS and JACONFTS A small assortment Splendid Patterns. now open ing by BOW1N, BllOTItEtS, Malop-street, IR1EPROOF WRIIUGCIIT IIROUN S FS, euitaotde for storekeepers, merchants, or bankers, fitted with pnrtltetst, drawers, ic., with tat,.nt detector locks anfd keys, etc., etc., etc., ex Urilllant, for sale by BRtOWN, ROS, _lalop-street. G EET.ONi GRAMMIAR SCHOOL-iicad, Master: Rev. G. 0O. Vance, B.A.. Curate to theo .\retldeeeontt late 0cholar eof L.inoln College, Oixord, anlt Senior Clieical Sellolar of King'a College, London. fitto School was opened five monthlt ago, for day-choltars only, at tile instance of the Venerable ilhe Lrchiteeaeo, aind other itftnenlial resldents In tis town, with a view to removing tile necessity tor etll;iog tihe san? of gentlemen to ,Melbourne or lhe nelglhctbourlng colon es, in order to ellsare them a higih stadtrd of edcation. 31r Vaceo is prepared to receive eight or ten boarder. Immediately olter the Christmas vacation, over whose health antid amusements, as well as over their moeal adN intell'etoual tlenlopment, hie will himself exercise a vigilant euperittentlencot whilst It will be Ilia toarnest edeavour, bhtt[ ns a tutor nnd a clergyman, to train up tlhose etruate"t to hio charge in tile nurtture ant admonittiotu of tile Lord. For Ills competetncy to undertake esulch a charge, MIr otnce appeals to Ills it gh University Siet'eo, and Schtool Distintaions, and to lhis ilumerous testimonials (placed for general inspection mt tile Arcl:deacon's iatnts) fron distinguishedln prefet, sors astd tutors of Oxford; alt, trutra that the support ofmanc " friends will enable them to make tle t?eelong iGramnmar ehool a credit to the town. it is proposed to place tiLe Grammar School in conncoxin with tile Meelbourne University. P'pils will reassemble on Mondaiy, January 21, Dece:mbcr 2i, 00, _Vllumanta-street.. GE?"EVA, half antd whtole case, J " K Tcale, Davson and Brute, 10o WYllliam-r eet M?elbourne. ERI;GE MIERCEIR, WHIOLESALE AN ItRETAIL STATIONEK and ACCOUNT BOOK 3IANUFACTU'fIllER . tle does Nor profess to cell trrrv per cent mea cost price. Hie does n?r profess to sell at an anaaomnO sac. ritice Il lie dues not profess "How to artvce trade"l lIt does not profesi to tare complete sets of books nwiehhare not to be foand in ttuck wioen asked lietdoes not profeoss to advertise some aoods ata low price, and charge highd for ottherso lie does aot,in other words, profeos to humbug the publicl BL'T, Hie dots profess, and will trove it, that he is the Cheapest and Best Starioner and Aceocar-v'oa M1anufaeturcr itn Gitceltg. Ile does pro:tea to Ithve tihe est Stock of Sta tlonery, and to sell at Lower prices thaun any othler houose in Gecelong I Ite does prolete, ant it in generally acek noe ldgedic by theImost eonpetcnt judgee,tltatlie is thle Bet and Ccheapest 1anuacturer ot Account Iteeo?k in the coony, l?d thle very lttnd.onle tcstimonil presented him by tile Judetc of the 3cltbournte Eoxhibititn will prove titas saltsfaetorily. ]It trootesse to ahtckowledge these are "llard '1 imec " andtit Il a ti circum.tance alone hna comtpelled him in order to do buoalne- To reduce every article he trades or manafac, tures totc? e very lowest payingp toe, To ensure a continuation of that liberal patronan i bcstowed on Imt,. lie will keep none but tile very best articles, and make up from the very Lest mateerals. fO aech an assortmentt and variety nl sto i at uchlt prisee owteh hI feels eonafdent a tiicerntiag Itohubll tell ol rappree. i'.li.--hlit sole object being a lrege trade and net o neth a toga eroatt. OooaaE-Iw--. MIERLCEit, Opposite the Ttnk ht erolbol.ntree Suscriher? to tile abhtve institution to receive the retort and accounts of tihe Comluittro of atsnage meat for paut yeer,--for election of a new cmm nltttee, anti transaction oa other business Iclaidont toenucht mccting,--wei be held itt ont ot tihe stew ward o r" tIe institutiotn, n Thurndaoy Lvenltng, 17ith itatnot at 7 o toek. Ity order ofesmmittee, JOHIN NIIDDLEMI1Ss, Secretary. r?EELONG Grammtr School.--Notice of Re moral to th e preandte Itely knhoo' ns tito "lilntl oarna.-'-The "premtises bove mentioned ilave been eacooged Ibr tire rtmnar Soitol,ample oeeonmndutlton has ttnus been obtainte lor a large tnattLer of boturders, anct a npacoous tchool roo provided tur tite day school. , Vlltatn ntaadat rett. 'EORQGE nYIGIIGT, .AuT?KroO:ER Atia G,,5 loco Cnuoaotuo. Aowrl Went ltyrie-street, G bEAT cgEARIIn' SALE-,of 'tlt tt'wole Ototal~iun-Tread,-'f ho untleralgtcd hay. nc detestm ecd upou retiring iomt the ilat bhttneao (iwiatutto n ithr Icaviog actelongi, btegio ote thaot ott 'fuesatlt' tncxt, tthe Iit] Janacry they will t ont mce aselloig iff thter sad ettnt'ell seirlctc attck e of att cap, o,, ?ao. sd oeiag ltttitetd to titltc by etherec mcntlttletO. Ihtey are reparned to makeir great oaerltlce to lrteat arn'oay gleraotece Non eeoad price during sotle, and all calh trnans actions. T, t L. WlLKIiiS0?i', ilat ttactnufoturr, ro, . N,U.-- hop to Iett--npply totho above, "PAVE, D OCG ,ti.-ltunoiyono Cemetery.- Ieerlirlng to tihe advertl ement of the tilh int in this raper lbr a grave digger.--Notice is hIereby given tlhat applcations tilrerdy made are reserved to be considered witlb others whlcll may yet be seat ln tile It',dwrltlney of thoe pptllcantt, at the spe clo mieeting of 1 thl Trustee In tllte :rownt liotelat tbur o'clock on MOltdtoo alterltoon, tile 'tlt instant, thlen thote tmarrld tiln Wllowltsh to ol,taon the eltuatiotn may atttend to give or rceiee iutoramu tlon. Salary at tile rate of i150 per annum. Addres tihe C ruste,, Mr. Selleck's, uninyong. Atldress-tile Trustees, y (t ERTR!IIIIE Street, New Town.--For Pale, 7 or to .Let for a term, a very convenient 7 room Prlik Cottage. wltll verandatt, Flower g.irden, I tchen ditto, and poultry yard: a fence diidlng achl. Apply on the pr?lmtses to ilt. IIOLMES. it sotl, terms liberal. January 7, los. 1a50. H OUSE and LAND AGOENCY OFFIOHa? 22, Great Ryrie-street. East. We keep a free lregiotry of Farming Lands, ShoppR. Cottletes, and all deecriptitns of Itetl rO t.rty both for private stle and to let. full partlco Inr n'of whlt are iuralshed on applictlon.--Rents collected. JA3IFS IIENDY & CO., iHouse, ant Land Acents. Agents to thb,'-Provident Institute of Victorian end tile "Victoria Freehold Land Soliety." OPA. - lops.---l op.. A few Pockets still on and. of Sharlantl's fine New Norfolk V.D.L. Hlops, groath 1035, will be sold cheap. J. W. ,tOtiTN'fON , Co, Gt, Great lyer*street, Weat. H ENY I'EA!:CE, 'you are reqnired to call on your brother either at MJr Guy Bennett'e, leion Inn. anltop-streetl, Geelong; or on 0Mr SP'Larty, lotokewood. : JAMES PEARCE. I MPROVED AtME.0ICAN PASSENGER' COACHES, ittehily fnaltntedonsy antt ligbt. to Harry from nine to egtetren pa,0-ent rs, mnnufrac tartr1 of guaranteed coiotnial-sea.nttttd hnllslah . . Cat be seen flnlstied and in progress at 1 ilttama's I coach factory, 178, Collins-street 12nat, Melbourne. TF tllis should meet the eye of John Foster, aged 20, late of La Trobe Terrace antd whlo wnas tame, and walkerd on a crutch, te will hear of .Its fither, by- wriling to the care of Mr 3Milrea, Leston total. IorntPaut. M1M1.NSI REDI}UCTiON IN THE PRICE 1OF SADDLEItY.--M'CALLUM , JI'KENZIE Iave reeived per late arrivals, soame heavy on-1 lgnmenelts ol tile ost superior goodse in the above line, to an extent more rttttabl to the past than tile t tresent tittles, and wtbico have been slected by their predectetlr, .is Jeioo Colet, wosae weii. iootnt practleal and oloniol experitenlce will be to llolol otlttolonsts, a saUlcient guarantee torqualhty andt sutability. M'C. A M'b. having ttus obtained a stock de. hteldly tile heaviest slid be.t selected in tilo cieolonies, are in a position, and are detlrrnined to dispose ot thie snae at prices which shall defy com. i ctition. T?he trade supplied. ICE !-Ice.-lee.-lee.-TLThe Melbourne Ice C Company have the pleasure of annountcing toI the Inltabitonta of Geelunog antI adjacent towns,, that ill ronseqlueace of much greater, t ncourageo. ment than anoticipatted. tley Ihave adtloptetd tile lotl. lowoitg low price, which tey, conodentrly bIelieve rlll piane tids moot necessary article within the reacel ot' every citizen. Delivered in Mtelbourne, In quantittest 4d per lb. OGILVIEt aid ROINSbO?tt, Ag.-ntt. JOSEPIt GsARLICK, in thlankin his friends for tile three years' liberal support lie hasu received at theire. ands, begs leave respectfully to inform them that all ordlers or CHIIAIICOAL Bulloelk Loads She Oak Firewood Directed to Joseph Garlck,eare o"f 3 r 3ortkham, saddler, Moorabool-stroet, South Geelong, will meet with ttne attentioi,. Nov. 13, 185,1 UST Publishedl, priceOne Slhilling, the Geelong Book Almanac, lo6.-Publlsbed by TIIOJIAb BRtiWN, .o.rabool-stret;-and sold by all Bouo?sellers. ADIES' Parisian made Boots,sat.n and kidl slippers Enamelled leather slippern Girls' Parisian made boots, jnmt landed ItRO\VN, DItuTKtEltS, ,talop.sieet. LET TS'D DI ARES..-.Letts' Diaries, L ?. ..- for 1850, "" " .. At O. 3EICEIR 'S Oppoite thie Tank, a?oorabtol-strcet. AIR.' H. ROURK 's WESTERN. HOTEL itnnoa-teens-, O lnt.ooa. The Western Hlotel is deltigtfully situated com. mondlng a magnificent view o" ttle bay and ship. ping; and gentlemen or ifamilies visitng iGeelong, ill in every rrespect find this the ioast comlortabLe and convenent bouse ofalsy in tile colony. 'Itbe eulinory department is under theo super. intendence o a scond Soyer. andanyand every palate must be plbaeedl chlops, steas, .kh ,to., eau '?a hd at any hour of tilte day otbr one shilling. An ordinary daily, at 2 p.m. wibet every delicrey o thle season is oil tlle taoble, and thle different couraes ftrnisled Lor two slilltings and sixpence is tuct as to exclte universal ndtnlratoln. Tile wiones, pirits, anId ale, are all of superior quality. ' he stables are under the superintendence of an expericueed g "oem, and supplied with the best ol forage. The proprietor, in gratefully acknowledging tile ibera andi unprrcedented patronage he Ihas received tinee opeonlg tilte above totel, -Rogs respectfitily to inform kis patrons and tile public at large. that no exertion ot illais' part etll tobe spared itt order to maontain and increase tat reputation he has atread-y ocquired. A conveyance is in attendance at all thie steamers from lelbourne, and assengerst to the WVestern Ilotel are conveyed gratis. iThe stanfetto Line of Coaches for Ballarat and FieryCreeikleave theaboveohotelldally. I'aacsngers booked to any part of the diggings. g$RS.; TqItNER, Pcotessoroo liusliao and D ancing No. 13,' Myers;street west--Mrs Turner has rerthoved hler Academy for the instru-r. tion ofPuplls in Musio and Danolng.tolho t aboveo commodious premises, and olicits a continuance of the kind patrogtgog of lher fooeaS, and of tlle sococty'ofGetlon in general. 1zraa rol PcrttB: Pianoforte, per Quarter, payable in advance E3 3s S(lnslruottoas on tke Pianoforte for l'ginners, or to finial the style of more alvanred Pupils.) - Dancingb per qrter; payablo itU advane.;.g:3 3s Single Lessons ... - . . .. .. ii. SIrs Turner, at tetrequest ofmanoyofberofriends lias opened an Assembly, wichl will be contlned every iortnigltt, on Tlursday ertlings. for tile benefit of hir more ladvanced -pupil; and is pre. pareldto admit -a limited tinutber f trespectable parties as aubscribero, at 30S per quarter. Mrs 'aurner by continbig tie admist.-n torher Asemtly to respectable parties alone, anti by otber Jadicious arrangrments. whichI from past experi.nce in njg. laid she will be ublo to carry out, trusts to eupply awonlt wllich hai long existed in G telong; vii., a Selct Quadrille Party. It is to be ulierstood that Pupils u ill have theentree to the assembly without extra chargeo.s.. L Schwols Arraogae. ,4LCII COWS FOR SALE.-Six well bred qutet, milllch cows with Calves at fool. Also n fow Drsupbt Saddle li'orses and Maresa. Apply at GBIFFL.'d STATION AMJAKIES. M ONUMENTS,'Tombs atld Uendstones, of II newest dsoigns, at ltuley and Parker's toneo and 3tarble Yard, Little Collna.streeot Eat, Ielbourne. - MoNE".--Mony advanced in tmall sums on good scurlity A lly to \- .SMIý J - Commslsoon Aglent, . - , GCt. Ityrle-rsteet west. M Al.OP-STIIEET SAW MILL anul TIMBER t YAtID, opposite tbe Theatre, Great 31slope ?.treet, Geelong, "- . Thle underalnnd hdna ronstantly on sale, a large quantity of all tknds of iallulllng l'lmcr, solch will be sold at very reasonable prces-. oeals'of the best qualty, from 10 to 3i feet long 1lnoTdwoai and deal quarterong, Joists, sad battens r Weather anii tnineg boards A superior lot of grooved and tongued floorlng Doorv and sosrer. aolonial made, an cheap os those Imlroid Posts nils rails, patingo hl'o t finottg Chtaf cut by sieam, for farmers ornther,,or mdli wb'nleesle and ail ktinds of farm pro \- tcduoe pure . . r•too Itallrat bua ers ore reqienstred to oall previous to gotno to i1toboalrnet as the uad. ralgnol is cdtteo minesc to sell at ouet prices as shall conhnoind for OElotig a sllar of tItut trado whbtlt naturally belonigs to it, and not ust noas been too oebll tile case it Geelong) drive away tfom this twuow a trade, wbitbit cau be ns well done Iiere as It 3lhtrtouroe. JAS. G. ItOJt12SUn. 'Joaanry, 180. - bT E ''. C L.O-T IIIN G- pSuerfne black cloth Droes Coats, silk facings t)o do do Frock Coat,, dol o -o 1 do do Ialochtfort tConttrtdo o 11 do io Fancy laooeoats Do -do do anti'l't oed Oeat Sbie ptrtt'ottloli, Twcedroand Doe Tmwstr's \- Extra Inolohcn Cord I'roawsor \- Cottont Cot'lTrowiers , " Stolo-oian Trowoe-rs S"ttlte linen ieltohford summer Coats and well made London gooeds, now londutng and Foe saleby ' ' IlROWN, DIIOTIIERS, I . .. J.nalop-street. "ol (iNLY.-Sacuritlies rotovantefotr 'ite fol IT., lowing tumt--4to, 0(0.00, 2J20, ral £fib, on noritgogto at lii to 15 per eontion agricullturalland ittNprovlod no twown t rebUlds, kbri or stooe builtd lng.. App y 10 - "' • -MITCUELL & Co. , \- 16,le 0ettrsl lt'l..str~st, 1tW RSiOtODY beta to infirm Iher fiicnds that sito ntends to re-open her Semoinary for Yoseg Lndics, Jatuary 14,ti3O. NOT!CP.---AII partiesa indehted to the Estate of Thellome Aohworth.late of Geelong, Solicitor, are requestoid to make immediate paymenta to Mrs Ashworth nddintrotrix and all ptrons havintj ctahett alng t soldl estate, are required to farnth tihe same to ALEX. FitASEIt, Solcitor, oarket.oquare. fur adjustment. Geelotg, 72nd December, t185. -OTI?E.-Aecommodfation Paddock, about 5(0 acres, securely fenced, abunrdance of teed, half mile frontsge on the 1earwnn river and the lower Leigh ]toad. about seven miles from Geclong, with n poed yard. Charge., 5s for hIorsco., nd 4s for esttle, per week, or is per head per night. A reduactten made fer any number over ten. A man at the cottage to attend to the gate. Everycuro taken, but no reponsaibility. JOHN CULLEN. OTICE to Cattle Owners.-We, the under signed, ha'log renewed our licenses for tile Town Iteserves, all parties havillg Cattle on theao lleservaes, must arrange with us, .otherwise their cattlo will be Impounded. Owners of cattle are requcoted to put their own brands on lthem.tthtat theymuy be known. teo responsibility before tile htcer the- herds. mneets at thle rendesvozo talte. morafog¢ nor ater-the hour it returns' ln thet evenlng. No cattle to be taken away without no. tlie, and paid for according to the fllowlog charcs - Bullocks and IHorsesa, Ia 6d per week, no re epoenibllttty .. tttchtng Cows, lo 6deer week, no responsb S lty. except with calves at Iboot Dry talt Young Stock, Is per week, no reopon. e lbil|t.¥'y (Signed) , J. TAYLOR, Iarrabcol Hlls, West Town Iterd. T. TWEEDDALE, Marstall-street, Chltell. t .uy enast Town Herd. . 1lth January,,1850. : NOTICE.--All Partesoimtethted io tihe Estate ' of Gear{' Poulton, late of Geetong. Importer are requested to make immediate payments to teahamn Poulton.-adminisatrator; and all persons avinge claims against said estate, are requested to trotho the soame to IlenJamin Poulton for adjust ment. Geelong, 10th Jan., 1851. Mtarket.aquare. NOflOE of REMOVAL.--Messrs. Y'arley, Brothers Butchers, opposite tile Crown Ilotel, .Mercer-street, beg to nlbornn their numerous cuato-. aner, and tile public generally, that in consequence of tile exlmosed and dusty situation and tll adap tion of tile shop they at present occupy to prt serve so pershble an article in t cleanly and market. tble condition, they are induced to transfer their htsiness to tteos naw and extensive premises, in. course of erection, situate exactly opposite their former residence, upot wehich they enter, oSaturday, January 19th, t0i Vurley, ;roth. ras desire to state that no pains or expeone have teen tpared to render their new etstablishmet tin evtry way eligtble for carrylng on tfirst-rate buinstnes antd hope to meet with ttlat encouragement which it shall ever be thelretudy to deserve. N..B.-The above are pourchaer of a gsood Spring Cart. OTICE. --Messrs. McNauglt and Boyd Inving succeeded to the u usiness hitherto carried on under tile firm of 21fess. Sinclair and ltiddolc. as General Grocers and Wine and Spirit Merchants, beg to announce to their friendsand the public generally, they will endeavour, by strict at tTntion to thl. wants of their customers, to merit a continued share or their patronage. Arntatrong.strEet, allarlt, Jan. 1,1S50. OTIt E to the Pluhlic.-I, the undlrsignedl having purchased debts due to J. A. Gregory Esq., -. larket -square, hrerey inform those persons indebted to that firm, that Thomnas .Miller Waldock, 23, Great ryrie-street west. is appointed to collect the same, and holds tle title deads connected therewitht; nd unless theaccounts lire settled at the earliest opportunity, legal pro ceedings will be taken toreeoeer the same. WILLIAM HONEY. Geelong. November 291t1. 18.5. NOTICE.-Arr?gemRcntU, taking effect from December 1st, having been entered Into with the Melbourne and lobeon's Ilay Italway Company for tile Transit to and Irom iolson's Ilay of Goos and Passengeri ex tile A. S. N. Co.'a steamers. tie underneined beg to notify that Aubhequently to tile above date tile Sydney steamers at present on tills station will embark and land passengers, 4.c., at the Rallway Plrr. W. . WIITE and CO., A. S. N. Co.'s agents, wharf. .Melburne. N 67' ICE. - Pakinpton Ilouse rammar Sehool.--lIn consequenee of tile ineletmency of tihe weather prcoventing the completion of tile eommodious chcol lfiouase, he duties of the I'upils- will not colmmeuce till Monday, the 14th January, 1S0. A Drawing Master required fur tile ensuing half-year. N tuOTIC of REMOVAL.-R. Brown begs to Sinform h!snlmeroua eastomerrs and friends that he has taken those commodiouspremines from. R. Golidabrouhll. Eeq., upporlte tile Fills, Flinders street, we t, M3elbourne. where he tiltendcarrrying on his bucince. as a Wholesale and 'Retail Merchant Ilaving several vesels in tlie colonial trade, viz., the screw-stenamship .Mold of the Yarra, .Marposa, UobaonH.Ac., ihe will always have on hand a supply ofth Lest colona flour. oats, brant.hy, potatoaet; also.po-ts and rails.joiete, quartering, paling, &e.;, at tile Injest porallto rates. Country storekeepers supplied on the most rea sonable terms. 1\. oIrOWN, Fllnders-street, Melbourne. OTI .---I will not be responsible for any debts contracted by Fanny Salter, my w! e, she having left her home without any luAt cause or aon . JOIIN SALTERI. Jan._l, 1,56. NOTICE TO . CONTRAI TOEiS.---'Tenders for Mr. Fitzgerald's house at Sutherland's Creek may be delivered until Wednesday next, the llth instant, before 12 o'ulock, at the offices of Metrs. Shaw and Uowden, 74,1 rrao.et ree It. A. DOWISEN. eCTU(;GET CONVEYANCE, to: and :from XL1 Wanly Yallock and Lynton's Diggings, witliln twenty-five miles of,Fiery Creekd and mositdirect road to Fiery Creek, leaves tIe Ulackt Bull every Modnduy, Widnesdayp, and Friday at 7 a. m., anrriv ing at3 p.m. same day, and returntng each succeed U Booking Office, Black Bull Hotel, and the junction ,the Black Lea:u, Lnton'a . C. OUNG, . -ý . P.oprietor' ,OW , 'EA1I)DT, , "'lte Oaenlong Sheet Almanac, 100,"n containing all requisite in-' 'formation. " ! . ' ' ' 'he Trade "and Hawkers supplied by the pub. lisher TIIOLAOS uIttWN, i Printer and Stationer, fooroorbol-etret. Advertisers are respeetfully requested to forward their advoerltements• as soon as possible tor the 'ouok Almanac";nas the publisher wlsles to get it ready early for the new year. Advertisements re celved up to the lthi lont. N u Y LANDING andi for Sale by tie under a0i sacks oats, and water tanks 800 eses llenneoy's, U. V. and central Vd. brandy -50 hhds ..artell's and Ilennessy's, and .U.V.do 20 do West India rum 250 cases tooth'a and Nicholaon's old tom I5 do liyass' and Porter's bottled beer.= 40 do port and aherry ,i 0 do chtmpa no 4itOnes Jav."co..0e 15 balea canvas 20 pockets hopsee ahirOtngca moleskin trousers, tweed do d., tor TI S. WILSON CO, NEW'DRUG UALL. --M'Dos74LD &Cot; Smoaoe, wholesale and retail Druggists, Great tyrte-Atreet, Geielong. Ordenrs Irm the country punctually attended to N OTICE.-Thentcnlersigned beg to announce to their friends and the public that they have this day translerred thl ir interest in their stores, situatel in Arnstrng-street, to ieotrs. David MtobNaught and John oyd, anwlichwill inutor be carried on under the style of Messro. JlNeaugttL and loyd, and they hope that theirlr customers will continuec to fovor the,, with their patronage. SL.NtLAIlt t It('DOt:It, Arnmstrong-street, Blallarat. January 1,1850. NOTICE ---'fhe pretmises of the untdersigned Swill he closed 'lhis Day, (londay) for the purpose of re-marking their stock-re-open to mnorrow lor Selllic ul: T. t L. WILKIN?SON, lint ,lanfaicturer, CO, Jlooeurobol.street. Geelon Jan.12, 1050. -UT"ii:L.--L Ig to inforcm nmy Friends and Sthe public that having this dauy enoern d Into pnartnerstlp wilt hlr. Joseph L. Shone lny businetnss will in future be conducted at tlhe offices of Shaw and Lowden, 74i, Ynrras.atreet. " ltICAltD A.' DOWDEII, Arolhltect, to. January 14th,1010 SN S ALE, by tnie undersined.- Galvanised corrugated iron S , tiles Clonrcant ahleet'iron guttering *to. liar antd rod iron, beat Satfernidllro A completle oaortcmeut. suitable for bloclosmlths, aclinlsts,; .te., Jusat lanlded n' toeal-Cot al-nn blihster, spring, Ae. Bcllota,,of all sioes, Ifor blnncksiulths' uose Anvila Victa and hammers Slpade ' boiled oil blan do F. AlEilt, lt Ryrle.street. -1ATs 1 OATS I OATS 1--or Bale at the I) Stores of thIe undersigned, Colonialanid Impor ted Oats In any quantly,ot'lthe 'ery best quality, at low prices; also, Flour Potatoes arley, !tuan Maine, Atc. DENNIS A OSlBOlEls Salop and ltyrtoe.atr eotls,Oeolgog f I SA\LF, by tie nndtersigned, exChristian Sfrom Copekn'hgen- 75Oo bushels prime Danish Oats, equal to co lonial 1200 do bran Dant.l butter 1st quality, In Jars, whole rid hlalf lrklns 15 casks pearl barley 100 eases superfine flour Primo red Baltic deals and boards, planed, tongued and grooved 10,000 brlck. - ; ' 100 b Ex Fundr' ships - Salad oil; Ratty' Sardinea, in half and quarter tins Patna nnd Java rice Nevn anol Frenlch candles INE' mutchts, in eases, each 50 and 30 gross. ItELcnIon .1 Co., 3., Fllnders-lane west. lolbourne. N SALE.-A snug little Farm, about 9 miles, rrom 'Town, containing rlola Ir 24p, being Govermcnent allotment 41t. parisl of owoang, on which :is erected a two-roomed cottage, stiable, forwl house nd shed ..e. Apply at the auction rooms of J. B. IIUTTON, .arra-atreet. O N S A L N by the undersigned 100 boxe .s adle.. telmont, sixes Currants, in ewt bnxe Double rose Cork butter, IIonan's 500 bush wialole ranlzo 1000 do New Zealand oato ex Uncle Tom 00 coas Cooper's pint pltcklecs, two dozen S each . 3 hogsheads and 9 qr-casks pale sherry llardon'c Byasa'o ale nnd porter, in bottle tarzettl's dao do naIrelay and Perkins' do do Culnberland bacon. ROBERTOXN AND STEVENSON, 14, Elisnbeth-street, corneror Fl nders-lane. 0 Sae by thie undersigned-- tWheelbarrows' •lou"l ,seeutler', screw bolts, springs, axles do Crosklll's patent..to., of the booest ritlh mnun aceture; also, colonial plougts.lharrowo,drays (bul lock and Ihore), wagrgonse, spring carts, dog carts, family carts,.conveyances, cast and blister rteol, axles, blocks, bheela and axles of our ovn manu facture. Itosenrs and.F nosoo. 6, BDourke- strent West, Melbourne, and Sinsopan'a-roadl corner of Iloddle. street. ?)itEViOUS to Alterations, a great 9lte of SFurniture and latrassc, - Conway's Furni tuiire anditeddin W\arehouse, opposite the London Hotel,'Jlooraboul- street. W. C. having taken thie adJoinlnt premises, and intending to make'extensive aterauions, he has de termlneld to ell -off his present stock, (and no reasonable offer will be reiured,) coamprising about " S20 hlair, cotton; flck. and oilier mttrassea ' A uarge asvortmentof stuoled.bottaonet ebalrs, * sofas, couches and easy cairs, in haircloth and leathler yron .ard oodl bedsteads, in great variety Telescope and other dining tables Chtffouatel, pianofortes, and booklcases 5 large glazed cases withl sliding sashes About 40 well made gold boxes. l eat sales , 12 don tell leato 200 lbs. ol mop cord Boots, erhoes, tocklngs, Ie., Ic. \- Observe the addresr-i COxWAo'S S Fturniture and Mattrass Warehouse," Opposite tihe London Ihotel, . tolorabl-street, Geelong. PUBLIC-IIOUSE to be l.et, near Fyans' Ford opposite thenloaoral Inn, nearly Lnlihled; to anyparty of recpectbilrtlty, the proprietor will offer every encouragement.-Apply to the Advertiser Omen pIUBLIC NOTICX--Thc fashionable Paget Coat made to measure, 35; , lthIe Paris ttalt Sacque, alo, to order, 3s.-JAMIES DOBSO.N .Berchhlt. Tailor, Hatter. Clotlier, and Generai Outfitter supplies gentlemen with falhionsreo and aeasonnabletrousers, made to order, lor 2ls per pair; also, with eesironable suits or clothing, made to nleiaere, at three guineas tie suit. A perfect fit ,uranteed. Observe-ll, Bourke-street East, Mlelbou~rne. Terms cash. DATERSON'S Victoria Almanac, price `;x P ence, ecntnins iainsg and setting ofthe sun, moon's age, ecltpses, calendar, gardening direc tiones, and a large amuunt of useful iln:ormation with a copy ofthe American title deeds, and Iow to make a will. 'To be had of all Booksellers. _3ARINERISHItP NOTICE.-'l have this day . admitted os Porlner in my proflesion. Mr. ltiehsrd A. Dowden Arehitect and Surveyor. 'Ihe business shal for tile tfuture be carried on under tihe stylenof Shaw and Dowden, Architects, hasgtaeers,sand surveyors. amm , rvoJOSEPH L, SHAW. Omces, 74 Yarra-street, January 14th, 150 1 AN\SUOME'S PATENT CHArr CuTTEas, on 11 Sale bythe undersignedl. \- A variety of the above celebrated machines with all the latest Improvemelt?. F. tAUEI, ttyrle-street. R EA'ING, Machines.-Forsale, cheap, two i of .lliuoey'a improved Ileaplseg Machines. Apply o tlr tecKcnzle, at the Cerlgend Flour and Snw tills, shbty. " SStorekeepers, Drapers, Dealers, and Others. CULtsIING, nltOTItEltS and CO. beg to re mind thle traudegenerally that they purchise direct from the: manufacturers .every decriptlon of Drapery and Slyo Goods, which they continue to opel up in quantities to suit the trade. Tlsy vwould call special attention to their present steek on hand and to arrive, suitable fr tile season, and which they are prepared to dispose of on terms most favorable to purchasers. ' " Cumlng Brothers e and Co Importers and Geterlt alerchanad, 2t, Collis-steetR. East, 31elbourne. O LAN)D PIURCIIASERS.-The under .L sined aishes to Itform the public, and par tlclarly New Arrivals, that lie is always realy on the shartest notice, to point out tile Lands or Sale; and also, to offer useOfl inlormstion resectiong those Lands open for selecton. From lsis long Colonial and practical experience, (now feurteet years) his knowlege or the country may prove oe grcat importlnce to the purchaser. gH.- It. GARRAUD, SSurveyor,Lloyd's Chamber. 'Ialop-street west. Geelone. fiIUE unlersigned is a purchaser of, or will S advance money on all description or furniture, weakrng appsrel, watchesr, je ellery, guns, pIstols and every- dascrlptiar of miscellaneous property. A note addressed parties will be waitedl upon at their reldnence. The strictest secrecy may be re. lied on. - , Wa. BEVAN, Pawnbroker, " 11, Union.street, Geelong. October 26th' Ia55. TANNER'S Vicioiain 'Gardener's Almanach. S--iare nesr far the new year, to thelo lovers of the Floriculttural and lorticulturat Arts. Now publishedt t'anner's Victorian Gardener's Almanec eeoutnalning. in addition to tihe usual contenls e'a Yearly Calendar. choice and original instructionsfor t entire msnagement o0 the Vegetable, hlower and Fruit Gardens. Also the use anil appllcation of coils, catalogue of seeds, ae., &e.; Country egents supplied on libernl terms. JOH.N TA?N. Seedsman, 24, Ryrte-street, Gcelong. mo Settlers.-On Sale at P. BAUER'S, yrie SStreet Sorby's erow Sheep-hears I Y Sickles Patent Scylthes Hay Knilves Itaddle Corrosive Sublimate Blue Stone Pitch Turkey Stone. cs. ic. 11',0 Diapers' Asiotants.-Wanted, a thtrough 1 business man to manne at smallo establlsh. meat.' Address P,P., olaee ot this paper. IT'lIOMAS PATERSON, Bookseller, Stationer, I c., begs to intimate that, in eonsequence of lite ltease ot Ills present plsce or business being nearly expired, hlie has resolved, previously to htav lsg more eosmodlious prenises, to sell ol a large .portlu n t" iis taaa anu V u ca tl, STOC ro ofr Boo r? at I ;:V.tr nactnot Os t tihe e t as IttLt. s?awy PaROs. Thie Ifllowing will shown tle amount osfreduction, whe comipoarea with prices prevlusly charged :- Lemprlcre'as Classical Dictleionary, best eltton . ... ... Sl'Culleeli'u Comnereial Dietlionary... 2 14 o lcNleolwon's Carpenters' end Joiners' Aeshsitst . 01 0 Nieholsoton' P'rinclples ofArehltecture, improved by o ilt, 2t? p5ntes . 2. 15 0 Shakeslpeare complete, fine edition 0 12 e Chlobcra's lnform'lationo Ibr the P'co pi,: veels v... . o 1 yltilero Church History .. ... 0 120 Flcetwaod's Life of Christ and tlhe Apostlee,lirge and illustrated edi. 'ln . . Clrrke's Commentary SSctt's Com. mentary, Iarnets'5Notres, lerne on ;the I'salml Lleghton'a Cettpltsto Workse Newton's SComtplite \s erks, Josepinus nsd a large number of Stundard Woraks, !greatly reduced Attention is called to hsIn lalrge stock or Acroen Books, lted-era, JulO:ale, Las Boeoks, and 'ett; Aescont ihooks, suitable Ior eithler lorge or inia ualsneoses5 wshich ste 'tllr?l st a loeer price thus canl be oafloircd by any not eacrlllsclg to meet a T. P. ftjls confident that the pnbllc will esmbre Ct tt ireent oppurtunity of secsuring CIItA] Christmasn Presents, New Year's Gills, Se., un SSets of IKew luBslness Beks ior lei6, can be prm ourest far eceaper than onywhiereelte, Book and btatlitury 1tore, 1, Great?SaloI *reot, H. Victoria Fire and DMarine Jnsurance ComFany httavl resumed the Mlarine Depart. men, of their bUsiness. Geelong, . t C. M. SM1ITtH, Agent. -h on t December. a10,5. 1110 Bakers, Confectioners, and Others. - liaxoll Flour, Fnmranteed finest quality; also Chillan Flour, on Sanle by R. H. IULLOCK. IPO HOTEL-KEEPERS, &c.-For; Sale, bi a tie Undersitned o Superior Lnadoo" tode ICE UtllST, or alefrigr ntor complete, with ine., Cream cans Stuulde. c. N.li.-'l'hls article would be Oa croat ocqutlitton to any hotelt non thant supplh s of Ice are constantly received trot tihe Unllt States. 'F. BAUER, C. Geelong, Dee.. 1. 15 Ity street, TO Stationers -Assstlants.---Wanted, a young Smon. Evperlenee in the teade, nd gond re. lerenees willbe retuir . Appl sonron u nlyto TILU3IAS PILOWP., Stationer, S oorabool-street. TILE -AuLstral'an Medical Journal, just pub el. Ant in. Geelong, .ir THOIAS BROVWN, MToorbool.utrcet. To be lteued quarterlh, price 1 pert anurm. HIIALL OF COIMMERCE. T Wercha AuctionCRs, andtie Trade in merce, on and after thle first day of'Jonury, .1550 will be opened t r ruction rales on the principle of thle Auction Mllrt of London. rt scale of chearges may be obtained, and en. gocecents may be entered into, on application to the undersigned. ' WILLIAM PIIILPOTT, 1i, Co.lln-astreet west, Melbourne. 'PIIE UNDERSIGNED, having those very' L ExtensIvePremiases atthelBnro unBrcirakwater, tois prepared to Scour and Clars WOOLS. and !et them up for tihl London lorket, on the moat Mode rate Terms; le is prepared to purchase Greasy Wools orSheepskins mtoTo any quantfies. TIlOS. MAIORSHIALL, 'Wool Murt, Mercer-street Geelong. All GresyWools foraScouringleft at'. SLarthall's Wool Start, Mieere-street, wll ho attended to with the Greatest Despatch. Good Dry Storage for Goods,. rTHOMAS MILLER WALDOCK Loand and Ilouse Agent, 23, lyrio-rtreet, Westl, • ,., Regstry Ofliee. eelong. * ADEOLAID FMOUR. Tle Undersigned receive regular shipmentcs idof }art an ighe' lne Frenchh dreesed Ade. laide four. IWHARTON, CAIRO, cnd LITTLE, S Queen-street, Melbourne. .TIrMBER.--TIMBER.---TIJMBER.---On salen ' by tihe undersigned, at Cralgend Saw Mills, ictorie uTerrace, Ashby, building timber of every 'description, comprising-Deals, oolid and cut into boards, quartering, battens, cto., will be cold at the lowest possible prices, and delivered to any part of Geelong tree of cuarriauge, for cash on delivery. J. DEVhSON. N,B.--84, oo feet of 7 inch weatherboards, to be sold very cleop. O CONTRACTORS AND BUILDERS. ~,The understgned huaveon huml, for Sale, thle following artles, hosuitable fotbr a hotel or public building: Plate Glass--?tndow Sacslres-Door-Archltravec and otherouldin-Centrepees-Stove3arle •Lantaelpieees--Marble Counter Tops and Gypsum GRIFFITHIiS, FNNIING A Co., Little .Lalop-street, East. TO PLAS'TERERS.-Tedlers are invlted'for the Plasterers' work required to Mlessrs. Wright and Wurner's premises, ltyrie- street. Pinns and Specittcatlin to be seen at the office of Tencrs Itatckhouse untd ieynoldsa. ereblitect, until Wednesday thle 101h instant, on which day tenders are to be delivered to BENJAMIN BACKHOUSE, Arhldtect. Late Council Charmbers, lMarket Sqnare. º'O Builders and Others.---W. B. Ihammond, Slater and slate dlerchunt, havincJustrecelved ex Invincible a large quantity best aungor slates, from the quarries direct, and having made ar rangementeo with Ills agent for a regular supply of the same, begs to state to his old friends cnd the public in genoral, that he has recommenced busl neos in the above line, and is low enabled to con tract for and complete slating at the lowest pos sible price. W3. 1. HIIAMOND, Clarendon-stn ct, Chiltwell, Near Cricket Club lHotel. 1['0 Parties in'Search ofa gocd Horse.-DAviD SCocas. Produce Slerchant, Little tycriestreet West, has for sale- Several superior draft horses- also some auperior hackneys Also, borse drays, dog cart. SD. C. has also conetantly on sale. , st quality 1". D, L. Sour S Do Clliatn do r 1L, : Potatoes S Oats, colonial aond Scotch MLaize Bran Cl Ytay, aod ~Chaff Of the very best quality, and at prices to suit the times. r ?ER1hlNUS -BAKERY, .Mercer-strect. S Mrs Dunuvan, takes tile present oppolrtunity of thanking hr jrie:ndsand the public tar tihe very liberalsuptp rt she has received during tile short time she has been In business, and now logs to in form ite public that rhe is" prepared to nsup ply the very beet article of'"Bread," at tile lowest possible price. - TIRAW Bonncts.---Straw Bonnets.---Ladie Smay have tlheirr Straw Bonnets cleaned and altered, and dorne up in a superlor etYdle, by J. CH I RIlaITi, , 4I.oorabool-street, three doo above Bank of Victoria. Panama and Cabbage Tree Hats cleaned. rO BAKERS ---Wanted a Single Young Man.e Apply to Jas. W?ao., Kilgour-street. j'O BAKERS.-Wahzted, a Baker. Apply t at the Terminul Bakery. uOYAL MIAIL HOTEL.-Wanted a man L to act as Second Waiter and boots. -VAN 'E, a gig l and saddle Horse, a cob preferred.. Applv to -F. BIAUER, Ryrieatreet. TANTED, a Barman, for a Bush Inn, ¥ that can keep the accounts of the house, refrencc required--Apply to WILLIAM BuLAIlt, Corio-etreet. llth January, 185. 1! AlTED, a good seccnd band Albert big or Family Car, either with or without harness. Apply by letter, stating lowest price to J.K., lis lng bun, Grteat lyrie- street. F ANTED, Grooms for the road; none need o apply except lirb-roate men at the British LHotel, to H?PNlY DJ.VIiG a Co. W AiNTED au active Lad, to make himseli generallyuseful in a Storeton Ballarat. Apply toM. S. LkVY, iarulnia.street. Geelong. 2ad January, 15.. ANTS a situation as Sbephbrd.---A man o Sfamily, and of great colonial experiene in cheep and tattle ; undertauds the curing of name, and hna breo in that lione or many years in dlitrfernt parts of Secutland; would be happy to engage with an employ er immedinioly, in the came Apaucity.-Can lroduce satisfactory testimonials at to character and eopability.-Addresa, M2.1, Advertiser Uthce. SjANTED, a Dray, to take 8 or 10 cwt to Colac. Apply at the Commsercil Inn, Coroe-street. Apply early. VANrTED,• r lrectable man as Singer and Chairman. Apply to F. Carman, Game. keeper's Hotel, Yarra-street, Geelong. W ANTED, by a lady, a sillation as resident Governess.-d9terences us to raSpectabinty given and required.-A-ddtrae, AMY, olrec of this paper. WV/ANTED Four Bulloek Drays to load t with flour. and lbring wool dowIa. Api ly to V. L. LEES, I'uLle inooi Waurohouce. A pplNy' T D, Farm Servants. ltyrie-street imANTED, to be knowen, that J. TO.cKIN, S Iron tedalead ..e.kcr, 1tc., has renoved to No. 0 Great ltrie btrreet, two doors from lcoraobool.street, whlereo Bldstela ar made to order, of any size o pattern, or Irice ; also, Smith's work ofeve~ry dvrer ptltn, iANTED, Tinders to erect a Steam Engine, twenty horse power. For particulars apply it JACKSOU b Timber Yard, Great ityrle-"strect. G-elong, Janouaroy , litO. \ ANTEli, for an Ilotel at Creawiek's Creek, oai ntarried Couple; the woman to cook alnd wuenh, the mnllIn drive a Ihorse uni cart, a nd sake Ieinruelf generally useiul. Nolne need apply ,ut thooe whoean give good reftr ncro. Apply to SINCLAIR & BIDDOCUi, alalop-strrcctl, Geelong. SANTED a good Blacksniith, to work at NevyDwork; also, a hulammr man. Appl) to masfsr, FORD & 8O , Railway Jetty, BLACK MARE Lost near Meredith, branded C V near ehoulder, white star on fortehnd. Iron Grey lorse, branded G on neao enhustldr. b rewardis et:lred. JOIN TLINGOVE,. Enquire at the George IIotel Ahby, OUUl;-on- ny liun, a Bay Mare, blck Spoints star i the foreheadt branded, appa rently, m tllegible brando off neck. CA The owner can have thesu.mo by pylng all e:x pensef, and proving title to. FRIEDERICK DEWING.}1 Pnrepnrap, Upper Goarwon. rDec., 21lat.L1.55. s?OUUND a Piece of Jcezelleiy in n etreet of . Geeloug.--=lle eowner can inee tlher.nse by givi:g proper deecrie.tion and pe s Inn. f r ndvet;e:se meet, oni alqisi leg to 5.11., Nu. 'l1, l'ihderr-lhne, Werot lelhourne. TUST, Ireis tlhe linee Course HIotel, allarat, . on the 27t1, iast.;a oFawn Cedoured lanenaroe Dog, white stripe down firreh'rd, anei a hite clot on the'neck, branded J Q near rlb.-lf foua2, tu be delivered to Sir lY. GOSLING. J.QUINIIEY. UST oilth C oradr from nFishlermnsalI's llt iJ Lake Conewrre, to Town, a butch of k'ys Whosoerer may aind thiienam:, sad will give tht.m to tile underrneltd or to slsore. 0l'l'lhnnley Wid. Ilaird, crill greatly oyblige, and will be e?.l re warded. . . '' L 3.r GAnRR D,, Surveyor. I l.es'c Clhnms e, .s.,lou::rv sll, eZ.5. - 5EWA1tD'off.e5;.--Ledet ies Mleredith, rse y bay horse, J trer tlloeldlr ottr oa foreelad, No. 8 ohl houldler, acd n, or ]sinId i? ct , itllt. Any cr iind.s g el e t boveenhor leewill rec-iee lhe above rewanrd, by dellivet lng ilse hlolt r t a sy bnf tl:o Cr;terion Coepsnyslltableo in tth5, or slosng the road. - - II. DEWING net CO. STOL.EN on the 2thil or. '29h Septessl sr. ,ne white MIlre age.dhseelv in foal. frn-Ol SLtesln lO Parish of Barrabool. ,t Nli? ;eward slrr h;orne casd tlhef, or £2 for dellvery t ile lndersiwed. GARll lr Iletl.F, lInrce Coursoe Hoitel. SIULLi Nr Stie',e're ?re'. the Q.ueee,'s tle Itotel, Great l?yrle-street, a light bay ie:re bransded. G- near lbnulder, ilsd sred .e.r l. white, small star on forehead; any one brtng.ing tshe same to thie undsrelgssed will receive .'A rew.r,, and ifstolen, on crnviction ef the thles; '1. r,. ward will ibe given by npplying to Que,.n's liaend Uotel, or.to Jodeh Collouey, Mlsdtdy Water lioles. TOILEN or Strayed, a d;:lik grey Mlare brandeed LCP near eltoaehhlr, oef" hlsd frtlcek wlvite, small hite epot os loere.lees. licve "l'ul:ds reward will Le p?dll ilr bringing thIe sice to J. ''. marris, Wllie lecrse Store. .Junet Plhleslt. [i.l larat; or, i stolen, 'el onllds on conielo?ti o: the thief:r TUl.EN; froth oil the atraissol tlulls, one. e•kewbaid ?elding, brands GW near clhoald-r, years old. . Also, one by mare, 15 bands 1high1 off ear bent mnddal diamond 64 under, pectiacle S under near aoulder, CP near thigh. . . The same reward wll be paid on recovery of the omen. ,TOLEN or Strayed froni tihe Mooraboo • 1liver, about u month ao, u)1e cihernut 0101e. rnded near lhoulder,tl S, on0 fl neck X. lul.. |foretauad, nllnd fot witlle. Vhooever srhal brio lt lie same to lr Duanierl ltley. Petrel Ihatil. Pil agton-street, Asblb, shall receive the num f Fi. ounds; and if atolen, on coaviction of thief "e 'ouds. .- ,o• aelt of lii --.. DA.IEL SHEARMAN, S__loorabool River. [WO POUNDS IREWARD. - Stoicn cr strayed, from BIruce's Creek, on 21st Dceen. or, athetnut horse, tranded y on tile near bulder and ES on off neck. blaze down the tlae, un hind alets white. Caution poundkeeperaatc ooers, and others frum selllng tile meul. Wihl earwill find the same and have at ir.l lboltle, truee Creek; or air. llBurns, blacksmith, Litt.l Ialop-street, shall receive tile abave reward. ILw I'ounds Reward.-Caution to i'Pound 'keepera--Stulen or Strayed. frn.m" Kl:dae, bout six weeks ago, one red orydellow ond wldte w, whiate faee, belted with wthl!e en rum,', Iii. conjoined) near rump, near calving; also. in a I?t" ays utter, one red cow. white fldnk, JD near rump, near shlulder, S etrump. Inlormation to JOIIN BYPiE, t oieclmnatir eabilla- strtt, iliadar near the Sportm?t'e Ar ?. -tI l'oumds Ieward.-- tolen ior sira.l i, a Sdark nbrown Horse, branded oU near ahuuladlr, J offsaoulder. £3 will be paid on the reovery of the uorse r it1 ioln, 16 otl the eonvietiol. of tie tlieo' to be tell t tie Freemruon'a Store; Waterloo tl.at, Fiery rrek, or Gu.dry's aiiotel, Ashby, Geclon?. TIRAYED, from Buninvone, 27th Augst,t 1355, One Flea DLtten ?rasMare, brund'd V ear cheek, J near neck, JI (r W reverset) near boulder, One Bay Pony, hind fetlocks white, Si nea anod ifshouluer. one Bay Mare, black pinta. \SC near shltalder. One lron Grey are, -AF (conjolncdj near houlder. Two Pounds reward will be paid eot delivery of aeh horse to Jlr SFLLICK, Cr.wI IMotel, Bunln 'ag, or ler such intormatiun as wtll lead to the Iacovery. , ." DA.VID KITCI!:E. ft') IREWAiRD.-Stolen on iunda' rght, o CJ--'early oan.Jlouday morning, 14th or-15th ne.., near the lureka Ilotel, yatl'al ,ord Hoed, a :hesnut,?uorse,branded i oun near shoullder, It in offaroulider, scarocely visible, white blaze down ace. - Anyone givIng information to Mbeasrs. DEN Ind ttSIlOltt, lerchbants, alulap-street, Geeiung ,r tile undersigned, Fyalo' Ford toad. alhall re. cive the akove rewanl. JOSEPHI IIrrPI. White Tent, Fyantlse' Ford load, October th, 135. O Iobriotla. ill. · S-REtWAID.,-Loest from Drownr's Di \- glsngs, Wardy Yullck, a chlesnut o'~Ty Iraught.mare,branded 1.P near alhouler, white 0ri+e ona lace. Any peraun bringing lher to the ul. LerslgOnlatl?eL h?ll receive S. rewoat. ta VIDU CI.tlliE, Piggireet, ?a rdy e 'iWllock. j F, REWARD.Lost,on Weludneday iei,,t t,. 5th December, twenty miles on Ullullr fde of A'oca, a larg; Chesnut Slate, white uoua ace, eSatd culoak t widte ,nmate and tail iuclirrilfg , grey, - near shaoulder and uol hecK, S on urar llmp ; .one of tlae tlre.looftl has a sligi. crack uuwo lie front scarcely perceptible. iti. COOMrS, l'reOl tuu-au eot, Ashby. £.? REWARD.-Lost ilcar iiokcwoad, a ct.t5 .Liglt Grey Slaro, lonu bushy talt on Friday, Metl Dleeunaer, branded GD our shlauldrr ike 0 offalside back. \Vhaoever nwalbring her to tavid acoit, btrawberry Hill, near Gee:.oa or ; r Lyo?s, ublican, itoketood, shall rceivu the uoua coward, r1f REWARD.-Stolen fromnt thie Duck . :' Ponds, on the th'ofJuanuary- •A uhesnut anare and eal, blaze, near hilnd and ff fore leent whlte, brundatd ?y near aloulder, H offsahoulder, E of ieck. Ihe above rewartt will be paid on convictlon of the the thief; or £5 lfor the recovery of the mate. ST. MARY'S Collegiate ESchool, Tlsillp street, Geelong.--lt elasae in this :etao. ilhment will re-open on Slouday Jalntary sct, 156 It is particularly requested that all tile students who intend to enter fur tlr otnuitlg telOn ahould bepunotuat in tlheirattendanc, altno a.y abhence either at t:oe commaoemeut ar darillng ihe term, materially affects their position ill thleir assrm , nd thelir chance of prezea at tle end 0 t11e term. The course of studies comprises all tile brunches of a liberal education, impalrted aoreding'to tlae bent European ystem. boouuths are prepaluvarlse·. dially for the position intendedl tor tlhm by tdoor Irondsa, whethller cummerclal mercantile, uorlcui. taur., or the profeasiona, and ior admlas~lou to a Ulniversity course. Fees for reaideat Students, 60 Guineas per annum. Do for non-restdent........ do do tor further particulars, as to eUsta, tc., apply to the Principal, Sr W. C. Atcldsan, attile r. tabilehment. N.EJ--In the case of Boarders where thlere ar more than two pupils from tile same lanmaly, soma reduction in the terms wil be made. BOA;RDING ana Select DAY SCHOOL for Voan Gen teme, Latrobe Terrae, Gee longg conducted by W. Al. UEll.trN, of Unlver-.ity College, London, Ilate and upwartd ot'llirtte n yearn) a tlaster an tile Uniteerolty tollege bloolt. the Course 1 Instruectlon conpries .luolic, Mathematies. and those branches ot oatural nhti sophy, listery, Geography, and such nul,,Jls of cotlatrual eadling as are conlideln ca1ttt..lot to the cqtuisition uot u Gientletnotly l?tuttiUn. ?Ud tile attainment of Sound cnbolarhlyp. T't atod FL Quoart : Pupilt above the nae ot12 yar ... 20 goineans. undler the age of 2 y.ar ... 15 o. Dayteholbra ... . ... 3 td. Instructions in Claossics one ngulnea, etra. 'l'tlm payable to t.vante. Tile Right ltev. etoe Lord Liotllup of 0etlroneto, to wltom dter Uehan brought out tatltulaut ul It cnaracter and qunallcunnst andt tllte \ ry Atty. tI.." DenoI of.nelbourne, have kintly tlrmitttd tint to use tlteir namen ns lleleroes. ilhe School will be ro.openel on Thursday nyx', the 15111 inlstant Furtler partieulars maybe obtained, on persorn:l applpeltion, or by letter, addrcaaed to lilt Utl?._ Wedlncsday, Januoury , hon. 1.)AKINGT'ON ltuttse Grammar :chl,u?, \- Pakington-'otret, 2ewtonu. Sttoublitllol tlL3. Principal, ~lr Teonot Wn. Sroclt.. Tile bourn nt leteructiotl atl tltl otntbl!.alnt nt t .l neh a chnruoct r nas eminently to quallly 31tA tor vtriltdl poloiuuol uaelnleat . 'Ite l'rintllclp! now well klown tur tile suecces whltelt tiba astIl,€,, Itt elfierts In trulning tte youtlhlul mind to hioL: of thoughlpt ane propriety. TIhe trallhre 4f Ilnltrucllon pursued are l.nt.. French, Algebra. Arithmttettc ic, owogin, . Writing, inglli Grnmar wtht th earing, t., rntlLy with mnps, ]-.lcutolon,it? turnai i.hituoei Grtecliun, ltemlun, altO. l:.nglLrh Litclaturi~a, I ? :.. boeilng it aingole and douuUle ettfy; alto int LI.... try, as uppllcabbl to ogertoltu?e. lenns inluy be ktown upon application. TIte pupils will renteetlnbl altaer the Cbrlhrl::t Vacation,) Janunry luott, 10t. ONI' Y(ING SCUOI)L.-- T. oillot ,?o: S Otool will be reopt ntd otter the -ullOltO , Wedet?tay, the itrt Jantary. 't l. e tL. :1 r Boand ane: 'thlrty-lix Poutlh for a year. rltietetl t'Oullls tfor httll t year. fen o?U1?tes tir a quarter, The Fete Icr' euhlatg tis ttu lround a quart, ; except for the highest cluan, the lte tar whiom Is t. p 'oda a Alfutertt te a I d vtnr e .. " &u; tofe, ttuat be pal hL advance, 