ENGLISH NEWS TO T'il. 13th APRIL. (From the oUulong Observer.) Baven days latert iinolligenco, by the shil L~ammermuir, put tis in possesioni of fur thor news IrLpectig ti'e nllairs of the old world, and the aipu ts of the Pe)Ice. In all accounts received, however, we ?ranot disguise from ourselves, or o0r readers, that in England at least, it if almost universlly looked upon as a pre mature Peace--lhollow and illusory-- a purely diplomatic one-as was the war itself-and not lit all likely to settle the vexed rqestions which mnust cre long agitato Europe, wit!h moro terrible results than liave ilrUeIady buen eonCoutereal. It would. appear, as knowledge of the transac tions creep oiut, thal it has been concluded simply because Russia andt France are vrtually bankrupt ; and not because the real objects of all the frightful cxpantiturn of blood and treasure havu besan gained. Peace too, Hust lbrilng about anothei, crisis in France. 'That matters are repair ing for this ndl there can be no question. Theinsane attempts of Louis Napoleon, to curb the expression of plblic opinion i the fretful jealousy with which lie notices and interdicts every allusion to liberty by the English press; that confiscation of Punch, for a harmless caricature ; the at tempts to destroy everycopy of e leanger's pooet-though apparently small imatters, all tend to show, that the hand that direct:z the puppet strings of Government, knows full well the foundation of his power is rotten, and will not brave the slightest Sshook of popular antagonism. As fast as Sthe troops arrive from thd Crimea, those most likely to become disaffected, are shipped co Algeria. The conquest of Madagascar-any, and overy wild scheme that will occupy the public mind, and direct attention from internal affairs, is seized on with avidity. On the whole, we view this peoce but as an extended arm istice, a mere breathing time for the bellig erents, to recover the tone of energy re quisite for the continuance of the war, ex hausted by the sharlness of the onset. Below we give a few extracts. RUssIA AnD THE BALTIC.-We learn from St. Petersburg that the Emperor has just confirmed all the regulations made by his predecessor in favor of the Baltic pro viuces, guaranteeing on his imperial word to preserve them intact without the least alteration. it i, SOUND DUts.-The English Cabi not has rejected the capitalization of the -ound dues proposed to her by Denmark, f but it has declared its readiness to examine any fresh proposition on the subject. The Danish Government has hitherto abstained from putting forward any other proposal. THIE EVACUATION OF TUIIKEY.-It is reported here that the Allies are to com Smence the evacuation of Turkey within fjrtyd ays after the ratification of peace, and all the troops ire to have quitted with in six months. This is not credited inour best informed circles. STut FaitENClt EXPErDITION TO MADA OAscAa.-The expedition to Madagascar will be organised on an extensive scale j a portion of the troops from the Crimea will be engaged therein. That large island will be in whole, or in part, another French em pire. S'PHE FREN.CH In ALOERIA.-Drafts are being made from the regiments return= ing from the Criina, for transport to the French Colony in Africa, and a campbign for the further snhjugation of the tribes is being organised on an extensive scale. D sr u u.A.uvIs IN SPA IN.-It is stated lhat the 'question of military substitutes was the piretuxt of the late disturbances at Valencia: order has now been completely establisled : the towns of the province have been placed under martial law. The Cortes has approved the financial plan of the Proyrewi.ste~ ; 'the law for alienation of the miniicipal and church proparty was about to be carried into operation in the .iasque Provinces. No plea existed for the disturbance of order. STATE or ITALY.-Thli state Of Prmin is not improved. Dr. Mojori, a Govern ment officer, has been uasassinated at Milan, and that city is in a great state of excitement. ComN DUTV AT NAPLES.-There is reason to believe that the Neapolitan Gov ernment intends to reducethe export duty on corn still further, by at least one-half. INSUrlECTIOr N IN AAnhIA.--00,000 men are said to bi under arms in Arabia, and Mecca and Jeddah are in comploto in surrectioa. The new Governor just appoint ed from Constantinople is the cause of the revolt. THE SEARCH FOR TII PACIFIc.-The two steamers, the Tartar and tih Dispatch which were sent in search of the Pacific, have retui ned to Galway after nine days searchl without any success, The Successor of Sam Philips, as liter ary .ritic to thoe Times," is Lucas the barister in the Temple, who was the first editor of the '* Press." TI.UIIIBLnI. CATASTtOI'IIE AT S'A.- 'l'heo I. M. steanmship. Arabia, 'has arrived Iwith the mails Nothing had been heard ;of the Pacific. Tlhe American ship, John I ilutlodge, Captain Kelly, which sailed 10th January, from Liverpool, with immi grants for Now York, ran into icebergs 10th February' breaking in both bows, and was subhsequently abandoneid. One man named Nyo was rescued from an open boat after drifting about for nine days, by the Germ-ania, wlhich had arrived at Now Yor-k. Nyv ri'(irts tlat all the paussengers -120 in ntimihber, adl tile crow-thirty five, gotiu int boats (excepting tihe mate and carpenter). Iopos were chlrishedl that solno vessel p):ssing might pick them u|p, but a storm succeeded tlhe wreek. Nye iundervwent thli greatest ]privations in tlhe boat; twelve of hiscomplnaious having lpo 'rished luiring tile tirn it was adrift;l when 'esenuo lie was nearly frozen to death, and h*ad beeoon without food for two days. The lloolnelralii was also wreckrd on the voyagm from .Mobile to Liverpool, with aoargo of? cotton. 