S TEAM1 TO :MELIIOUINE. S Ti.e nw swift Steamer. GEELONG" . . Loaves for 3ielbourne, Every Day, (Sundiays exea pte ) nt two o'clockpe.m., returntn rem 3lelbourll ve ry anornlng at o'olock. An the favorite steamer pRINCE ALBERT Leaves lor Melbourne every TuesdayThuriatdy and Saturhay, at llt'-past 11io'ilock, returning alter nate dany at tllhe same hour. Freight 15I per ton. TIIO31AS & M'WIILLIAMt Geelong. " T, E ,, CITIZENct," John M'Lcan, , commander, ilI continane her t ll trips na uaal, leaving Gcelong every MIonday, Wednesday, and Frciday, at haltpast Eleven, and 3lelbourne alter nate days at tile came hour. rI an:- a. di sloon . ..................... 12 Fare Cabin ......... . a Freight .. ... ......... 15 per ton. WILLIAM BRYAN J CO., Agentsl, 8 Iarket Square. S,-,t TEAM TO MELBOURNE \- ,ai.?s tJ -Alteratlon of Time of Starting _ l --'rlThe new and powerful erecw steamer e Ie." uCO 1IO." Ws Traera, commander, will leave tile Whsnr for 3liurna. Turesdlany, nld Friday Morning at 5 as.n; returning frolm iteilburno W cdnesday, a ld ?Satrday at 4I P.m. I:ret-lS t at Current rates; Aly to Captain 'rlIltNiii, on board, loorahboo Whorlh m~o l E new screw steamer, .i. EPRESS, will leave the Qsueen's Wharf, Melbourne, every Tuesaday and Friday, at p.m. J. & D. PARKER t Co. SHO'B.\RT TOWN via I.atn . eston - Tile T.auneston f S.N.Co'as. boats leave til' Queen's Wllnrl; lMelbourne, regularly as under , Lade ycird, 2nd 1.ltied. each month. ioaeh Swan, 6i , lCth 20thl do passengers ba r Iobart lTown can be booked throuagh,per Lord's Day Concli, at thle folloawing fares-- . d Calain pa0age and inside seat in coach, lroamelbhourne to I lobartTown ... 7 0 Do do andI outside scat do .. 7 6 S t e( r ag o d o d o d o .. 0 0 For freiglht or passage, ndpply to WtIIAt I1iA5l iE andt CO., I, Great Collins- street west, Melbourne. tar, sWAhR STON, WILT.LIS, A STEVENS, Geolang . ' . TEAMt to ADELAIDE, direct. l -'file favorite Screw Steamship •( . _ WIITfE SWAN, SW. It. Lanmond, commander, will leave te ile liweay Pier Sandridge, for tlle above port on eldneslday, tile 23rd inst., carrying passen gers at the followving reduced rates, vis:- Saloon ... ... ... ... £A a5 Fore Cabin ..'4 Retuern Tickets : Saloon . ... ... ... 1 0 Fore Cabin 7.. Availablie lr either the Ilavilalh or tie Whllite Swan. Pasasengers and cargo conveyed by railwnay at ship's expense. Cargo taklen until Tuesday afternoon. For freight, shipling orders or poas' ge apply to BRttWN. RALSTO~ NA CtO. 23, lMarket-street, Melbourne. ' EGULAR Weekly Com .LI munication with Warrnam hbootl, Port Fairv,'ans Portland. The fast stand favonrite screw steamer "~ CH~II?PON." 305 tons 60 horse power. IFrank Ilelpman, com mander, leaves the nailway Pier. Snndtrege, for tile above ports avery Friday, until ifrthler notice. passengers from Geelong orwarded at slip's ex pense all Friday moranig b" tile 'lhandon. Apply to "JAS. HENTY asnd Co., Little etalotp-treet Enst. '. O'0TICE.--SIIAND)N, Steamer st i .i. from Geelong, every morning ' ~.1 at R o'clocke precslely, and Itom SZ'O " andrilge ilhvally Pier every alter noon at half-past two o'clock (Sun daYas ecEptied): : recakfast for cabin and steerage passengers pro vided on board. :W. & Rt. FARIE, Ageets... " TAGO, New Zealand.-Tice bIyhr ?.l- itned leaving been nppointedby the Provlioal Government ofel Otago to act as Immigration Agents in Melbourne, will furnishle parties deliroas of obtainitng informa tion, with Ia summary of tle land reguilations asl statistics of tle provinces; also, sauce olther inl r mnation as relates to tile seailing of vessels lrom Melbourne to Otago. it. P. SAVELL , Co., Bond-street, Melbourne y TOR London Diret.,-To sail posi l.' 1 tively 1st March, the splenldid new river built ship, ROXIIUnGII CASTLE, A1 for thirteen years, Johln Adams, commander, 1121 tons per register. This vessel tbrms one of tile Messrs Green's mag niicent fleet, so werll-known for tie excellency of tlheir accommodations. Intending passengers will to well to Inspect lics noble ship, in lwhichl every comfort is provided. A boat will be in attendalnce to convey parties to and from thle vessel: orders for which wilt be given on application at the office of tie uandersigned. The rates of passage are as follows: Cieef Cabin. by special agreemlent. Intermediate ... ... ... £335 Steerage- - 2j including a liberal dietary. For terms of freight or passae, e.apply to D.ALGETY, IBBOTSON &? Co. 1?m..LACK BALL LINE.-Royal Mail .1,JEl Clipper Packeis.--Tle oeners of tlls Scehralebted line Ilaving contracted withle hier Majesty'a Government to carry tihe maiLs between England and Australia, tile follow ing, orot lee clipper packeta, will be despatceed as unider: Facos LsacernrO. c Register. Captains. 1855. Mareo 'olo ................. 16035 'lid April 5th Donald 3tay ............ 20Oo Warner 5a11 Sti Champion of thei Seas... 2237 Newialeds Jauly 5thl Janme. aes ............. 2-t 200 1l)onell A . 5th Ligltnig .................. 20.'3 Enright Sept 5th Bool erlang .................. ro\n Oct. 5tit Marco Polo .................. 16035 Wild Nov 5t11 Donald l'iiany-."... 200 Warner Dee. Sti Fs:(es 3Ir U:(s:LS.ev, With tile return mail, on or about tihe loth of eachl month, or such othler day as may be appointed by tlie Colonial Government. These vessels are coaltructaed by the first buildersof tihe day, elai.ling M1'tiay of Boston, and lill of AIerdeen. Ac pasrseler conveyances, they have earned tile reputation of beingthe best managed lile of shiips afloat, for punaotuality in sailing, rapid passages, and superier accommodallon. lPassages front Eulgiand to Australia.-Pnssage.cer= fcalce cas be obtained froma tile nedersigned by ireonet iesirous of geltitg their friends out to tile?e colones from any part of Great Britain or Ireland, andr they can calculate upon being joined hlore by their rirends within six montlhs from the time at writing. Rmhiltancrr-Sm aof money for outfit, ac., ran beltranmitted through tile undersigned, wiso grant ostals at sight payable It any town in Great lritainl or Irelalld. Express ani Forwarding Department.--An Ex press sial be made up by each of ithese helips and olh. sleaie, n- t p.re- ela forwarde td Cltrough ties osners, vc sra James taines A Ce., of tiwrpooi or any place in Great Britlain, thc Cotinent aurope, and tice United States of Ameritc. Itpoertera wnll inad it to tleir navantsage to direct the attention of thceir agenets in Enlangad to tiem tne, as tile msot perfect arrangements leave been mnde by Mesare Jame0 lianes and Co., tor receiv ing ansi shilpping goods by tice regular monthly mail pachets. Shitppers of Colonial Produce, Gel, Weol, Ttllaslo Oil5 t., wilt Iseree-ive lice adsanagees t, be derevod' fromallllae of fa?t-alig ippers desplatchd regularly and iitll tile screls-n Whcts eractericea tillsa aned by i lter tle rates iof rivist wilt osty he tivease snto by attherc firt class shtpe. Forfreght?a~a~eanti other information, ao p rely to ? *?IAC~Y, I?Y AI?NES &t; Co., aill at Commerce, Collins?.-treet, west, 3ias1aesss. Or to F. DAUER, RItrie-street, aDrowso. F~OR LONDON DIRECT.-The A ],it I clipper ship, '-lI D .[T Y, , 12 tons re ister. 120' lotos burthent Phillip Snyprs comnmamtnt, rhaving nil I er wool engagedi, wll s:il trntp li?beon's tiny, on the 5th Ftinnary 'Iids ePlototid nhip cormieo firm ratoi passengers only, ndo few ot portunltihn tar tonmilion prcceeding to t norltlt equol thIe lpre?nt, erd anlnd comlort L~eg Ithtl gcured, f h (;old wcitghtd by oppulntment at any of Ioh Danko in Gcelong. Apply to JAS. IIENTY ,h Co., Little 2lnlop-street, Enast. 15th Jnnmory. 1115,0. o : OltFreight or Charter.--The fine 1\. font illng Fchnooner " Vibilio," 11 tons, fit to go to any pant of the. worhld--jor tlens, applIy to OGILVIII ofn 1(IIIN S0 N, toorabool.street. 1O ,t tners or I.ighters.---Wanted to pwtrcthnse, yr hinre immedl:toely. from toI0 toi2 Ott Cltnmunliottaotlt to bond. ýI dtregotd to WtLt.lA.lt .1t'lNTOdtI Vlc. otria Iotel, .tlriket-?.,tulre, Geelong. S)LACKI all Linte of British attd A etr 1.1lo n r ato l Mln ll tacktt .- Fo~r T.h-crpolll dlrrect, to.olloW r th Lightnhng.--The A 1 clipper lhip It F. l.i A It, ot 1l tons torthen, 1'Tlctrnelt, ettmtnndor, will be du. thedtt onl thel tot dlnutttrit with oer Injesty's null s'l Iller eon trnc't to dllvt r ? them in 6.5111a;%4. 'rh|o maenitltent ttoitirtth.,toilt ol tI tonow on her Unirt so)age, id has lately arrived, otniler rlapid I11te nio cnrrliea t milch cow for the use of tilhoe Itow'ngt.r andalt# u oalll'ttt sutrgeon. Iltr en b t It to tllllltndott nt ttlo tre of a sluperl or chart trt atndt no ite will otllV tnkle a Ihtlldt tlittohtr of tonoengern, cnrly nalication la Iteces. t'r.rv. l'lnnc of ecntlltna mv be scn, andt rttnn of pntSnge nlottnrd tfrom elClA', It3INIlS nlt tt o.. Il1tH of Conmtueret Mlelboutrne; or, F. Il'.Ulilt, lyrtie. Otret, (ielolng. _ ___ 'UITCON'S WIAIIP.-- lt:BALLASt \--ShipfT Itnllnsted wtlhi every dlef. Ipatch at 3 Ood per ton, put on beaonrd. WttIIAtFAGES.-Good Wnrfango nccolmlodation or v000001s refitting or heaving down., Ol R London Direct.---To sail the thb STEBONiEA'li, 1014 tons perreglster, Jolh Sargent, commander. Hier accommodntions far chlief-cabi passengers are rxcellent and eomfortble, and point her out ls It desirable opportunity for intending passengers. lIns tile greanlter portion of her cargo engaged. For treight and passage apply to DALGETT, IIBOTSON, AND CO., Mloorabool-street. Geelong. FOt I.ONDON.--To sail 14th Feb rury.--The Ar barque ABEItn \- FOvLE, has superior aceommodation for n limirted nuolbo r of cabin passengers. Passage money, £50. Apply , to STItACIAN andt CO., or; TINMS, WII.SDON and CO. Geelong, 1ith Jarnury, 1o0. . O Il.' STiP' For Sale or Charter. '? -Edward hallll begs to intimate that In connection with thle darinelnsur.:nee Brallchl of lia Buslolesa, hle has oade trrangements for effectively coarying on Ship troking in ill its departments. A complete re golter of vessels for sale or charter will to kept, snd every fieilt"y unorded to buyers, sellers, or charterers. 00, Collins-street west, ielbourne. .-. -ERICIIANT SEAMEN'S SHIP k.H .i PING OFFICE.--A. PITCIIETT, Licensed Shippinog inoter, Victoria Labour Markct, iarket Square, Gcelongi Seamen supplied at tile shortest lotioe. ,\\]IERICAN Cooking Stoves, new and im i- Provedpattern, for Sale, by BUItLINGAME and CO., 81, Slourke-street east. MIelbourne. AM[ERICAN Cooking Stove Warehouse.-E. A C(. WtIIELOCK andsd CO. (late F. t. Iood) importers of tlotel, Sitp, Kittchen and I'Parlor Stoves ianoges, Grates, .c., LI.J tussell- street. JMelbourne ANDIREW ANDERSON, Piano-forte Maker (formerly of London,) begs to intimate to tihe public of Gelong that he to pretpared to undertake tis tuning and repairing tof l desceriptions ot piane-fortes, tc.,and hopes fron hId long experience in all tile branches of this business, that lie will be fobund to give satisfalsction to those who may savour him with theiir orders. Address--0, Little Malop-street, east. A?KENIDE PADDOCKS, Colac-ronad. - Ttle above esxtensive and well-watered Poad. docks ihaving been held clear of Stock for tile last 3 months, are now in splendid condition, and arc open for tile grazing of Horse Stock only during tileo summer. 'Termi is per night, or 5s per week, with a reduc. [ion for longer periods. YOUNG BIROTO ERS, Colaollond. Akenside, WVaurn Ponds, 4th December, 1655. A Private Family, residling in a pretty de . tached cottage near Christ Church, wishes to meet pith ai genthitmns desirous of obttaining eom fortable bosrd and residence. Address E. A., office of tlhd ptloer. Stabliag it'required. A S t) It T 1) . lInvoice of Sauces. A1 IIc.ES, KIUGTO, anid CO., Fllnders-loae west, :.leitmourne. AIIII L 'a1ITII'S ;,lats',`.; of lthe,, South A Eastchn ,Pc','IncCs uf Australln, correoted to 1855. ... tMounted onrollers,'nd'vsrntshed " Size,t feetd inches x 5 teet 5 inchires . Prize, £7 .. For tihe convenitnce dftettters and trsvellers,tile sbove unrivalled mip 'is also done up itl eoue, priceL5.," : ' . " ' ... lsepection, respectfully solicited at SL.NDS and KEN2Y'S Victoria Stationery 'Warehouse, 31at, Col-. lins-street, ilelbouirne; or THOMAS BIttsWN, Stationer, a.iloorabool-street, Geelong, BAUIIABOOL Water Mills.-To tice ncigh boriniKAgriculturisto, Corn Factors, and othrers A lrrq:ir~lcni ein informing Fanrners Corn lcalrs. aild the public generally, tIat tile New Wilter Mill, at llurkley' Fatlion tilm tiarsews River, is now ready ta grrind whleati at tim toxstetrate. T'le advantagcs tlhat this mill will niford to the Fonner, hc., require but to be seen to bo duly ap 'thle gireatest rare wilt be observed togfivecaus tomero llrst quality tlour for a good cample of Frtnncra In thle tarrabool stilla district wishing to moke tnllatrt oti tthe other diiginga thleir iorbet.hc by roatlne at the alisleadingi to Fyana' Feed 'Toll (late, will nind tle distancett0 miles ceior titan by onay c a teelosgoersto the Po00100 tIridga, chaur alardor~lg to theta tlbs very gireat ast. vanta~e of' aciap.'s ciierettee it earing", notsssetieis taut pros's alibe hese~rcist to thle bohers, store heetsers,· c.I as, sd thle goatees to tice g~old' (leetoog Cam Factors will ales o d it very coo. vcnient, it eilng qssite close to tlse Ialluart road, Cislfalliie eat nassl sotst at a tsar figaure. tIlact entensivo ttorageae~contotolstian. For further ipsrticouirs apply at thle Mill, or at tsle residence 01 Jolau Higtselt, Esq., on tlheazrra hoot Iliilo, FREDEItICIK C. MO tllV. B EDSTEADS-iIEDsTEA)S- BEiSTEADS \--The Inrgdet and cliansapet stocla oi' iron Ued. etesdo, sosseprisiog ever stoc, patterr, nod cotor,'sn sale byncS i il "'^tee,,°^clo^'T sat bytheaislesigs. T. IIAWICES, t'1S. Mrrssercertrel, BAGATEI.LE.- Bagatclln 'lableg on sale, or man' to order, at David Jolsnssn's, 132, tIasselt-otreel, Iteihroarste Orders from tie country attended to at once. BU~IING ilatertals on Solo by tlie lnder hstgi.tt and Amrricsn stoors, aasostss, wtatti or witiou atismee, mouldisg, shilrtisr», Ac. Flooring., allti or Asrssrien.s 'rots i tol(, in redl, whtte, yellow, and pitci pisne Deale, solid andcut, red, yellow, and selcito Wcatitcrrberds, slaarss'ristg, to, Tlie above nhoaod being kept in slseds, are dry, and 'E:lfIlSND KESTBY and Co., Great Collins atreet Eoat and lindcrs Lane West. OeliboUroe. ('tHEAP Clatlisiis anls iUriscry Warisoulse, I talnots-otreet, heast altots from 3lorhect-nqaare.- Jostss HL. Avs'esose, Wtsleoosls' ansi IlesslL Draper, 3 ssls 5 Snlopistrecl, hrs'g respect fclly to c'all tisE ottetctioo 01's discerningptsilicle sala Icave so libe rally patronlsiscl Isis " cltrhlialsmeLt ance lhls com ncesseetsetctitshstissess.t to1ic" fact of Iits hosving recieird larger osiditiane to tcis sleek of M'en' and Cheap ;oalds, seisies tse ic 10 0 poaittasc to sell at as tosea garo aa anssyIsocce io serlang. tie Isnare ceised severol reorbar~lsly chleap Iota, to soicici ho dirccts opeetal at ntlote: Hlurege slresses, I, 5ipoitively worth is ad Do do, l1< rfd, well wortlt its 554 Ilrnt Irencll de lainea, Is 3s, eorth Is OId lactic'a'' mlrois'rred pocket handkerclltiea , PsI, serti Os I GooL fast colonecl printo, from 41td per Lasliea' attn boosceto, soelt matte, only IsLa A large iaunntity of embroislered muaslins, Gape*' .lro Isats, tzitnttte' (ci assd Is rssls A terge lot of tolsi~e' plain cnd fancy bon nets.ssosll.'buifssl styles, 2s antl 2 Od logo tlairo ssses'ossoleehisc and seooltsn cord 200 dssze cotton Icalf Ioas from dla id per slosell Flannsels, blankes, annd sheetinga, at very modecalo 1arlseo. Observe the addrres-Next shop to Mr Woods, MIalop- strcct and Mltirketopquare. CONGREGATIONALISM in Ballarat.- At a meetlng of friencss IloliL at t(le Ilouae of tlr. Clark. croc'r, Blain tload, HaUarat, oa Tuoaday zcroing, Jon. 15, 1t50, tlie Rc'. Mr. Asperry, of Gcelong, It tlIe clcair, it eas resolved noni. Tlsst tics followrlng gesicterora Iar,, a comositlee I for tics pcsrpsos of fn~tahiicprotitaiitry stepa fssr tIcs etioss sf a CossgrPgatlastsl Clcnarp at DIllarat, ultla etcssrcls h'· froso ellcorslissg t tice aaoges cf t5h CocsgrRntloninl Iasiv, viz., Mltrsro. Stone, Ctsrlis, Ilotlssrstn, Stcw'rt, L.'oper, 1lM, tteves, Clsszb, oscd Cothde," i Tilc followlni noount wer tlrCn BmsbsCrid faor I-ftoin ncolonl[--ir. Hcinir,: X10; Rev. Mlr. An.: pesrh ly, LIO;M Port, .10; Mrt Alien. L10. nl lar h-Mrllnrtok,.lt: - Cooper LO'John CatlIlo, I L5; C. Olzwart L5; W'illiam Cs nrtli. L.5; hlobart Stone. L2; M, Mlorgan, Lt; - Lyons, LI; Mlrs. i. Colleetltsg cards wore lsan' dsirtrliluted to tho cotssslee-tiieh samo lobs, roiscroci 05 Tisessisy rcecsniss, .Jn. i9, ona whaichi niglist tlIc comslttelro mest ugcls. 't By osder of tioe oistisslltce, _ _Erlcrctary._ U"""'"o,,~~,sl, FACTS. SA1l IN SllIll'P t Andother Ctltaneoui Diescnsr. c. To be baitd or Jhn Chriltinll L)yons oanuoalc. treing Climctot, AF.. 115, Nlio?bctdloth-tr.ir opposite Post-omen, lclboorn'am tl at hlia Medical Dl.pen 0nr0v ani old atobllatihed Drag Store, llighi~stroee, (i i lIttlEI;W"' ARMIS, "Corduroy 'cIii ge- .tones toil slnuey ing obtained a' lucense for tile above.halO(t ion, beg to oqnatnt their irletio intli tltle.lllbllo |n geotwral --tho eatrriers In yaactitonr--tlat it 'till bu ttler ennrtntlittlty aI ,o,~,itto n?n oret enol ecaoaoly. 'littlr welco nond splrlttle wtlb|o rud secondt to eeore in tihe colony. N.ll.--told 8tabling. (lHkQNO?1E'Ti-(n.ltatd and repaircl at i PATEISOM'S tlMlar1 et.iquare. 'rlte rtin oseertanital by Traontt Ilnstrutentt and Antrononldenl Olock. FOAI.S retailed in any small qitanltite , at the I rote of So ver cwt,nit Notl Jnmoeo-truet. y.It.--,ty prlep'lld oderiotol not lega thon 2 cwit ileiverrt Ire et otcartago anywliecr aboat toon or stitturt?. (OAL of best Qoality, at a rediced i'rice. ' Tiorno. Kimbcr, nnd Co., La Troba Terrace, gear tie ntsAnY Termlnus,. CHUCK'S FURNITURE MANUFACTORY \--The resources and facllltler possessed for manufacturing every description of UIIOUSEIIOLD FURNITURE at hibs establisolnent are dilly becoming more Anvnntageos, and Llnprovements that may be pre sented aIm time to tien will be adopted, ao us to produce every article at tile Iltilllllnum cost, and tus comanpete successfully with nl legitimate traders. T. C'RcT, in expressing Ili neaknowledgments for tile basinoss hitherlo poneed in ht I ands, promises his personal attention to l d ardcr pithl which Ie may be entrusted. Obaerve thIe addres--l159iannd 101, lourk- strecet, apeosite tie Eastern Market. Melbourne. Factory, louverie.stretm North Mlelbourne. \Awarded tle Exhibition Miedal for best workman athlp. latrAnised by tIhe Government, Corporatlona eneAvolent and Orphan Asylums, and other instll tutions. Country and ehipping orders executed with de spatch. Terms Cash. I 1O1ARTIOUR, 17, Kardinia-street, has Itosewood aelos WVaxeloths a couclhs Do. centre pieces oasp cOnhirs, lanr seatIng w till cabrloll and Chair web turned le- Curled hailr nosewood and'mahogany Down feathler, hair, flax, footstools anld cotton mattrrescs ron ottomlaans and ltillowa Sbedsteadns Brass cornicesa Damtnsiks, assorted colors rass a toles, plain and Coburgs, , reecrd Ctlntzr , , r Pole ends, rings, brackets Worsted fringes,, Eagle ornaments rtolaial gimps ,, Curtaltn binds Chtalr do n Iron stretchers Lace curtains Patent blindT mounting Ilrown asheeting French rod ends Table covers ofih nld clhair springs Maroon Skins And a general assortment of uplholsetery trimmings MnIattrsses re-mande, bed and window eurtalns fitteld up to any deasign, carpets made and fitted to rooms. DR MACKIN has removed to 92, Yarra-street, oppolita the Wesalcyan Cnhapel. let Januanry, 18n0. DENHAI?I'S SELECTION ; or, tIhe Sainta Mlelody, Last edition, on sale. TiOl31A IBRO'WN, Bookseliler, floorabool-atreet. ISSOLUTION of Purtncrshalip.-Notice ia herreby given, that the partnerstlip lately ek istling between tine undersigned as wine merchants, in tile town of Geelong, in tile colony atof Victoria trading under tlhe fit ofl " Nantes Brothers and Co." was dissolved on thle 15th day ofJanuary inst. TIlle business will hencenorth be carried on by' ttle undersigned, Charles Nantes. Dated this 17th day af January, 1i50. CIIAS. NANTES. G. WV. NANTES. ?Vltnes--J. Martyr of Geelong, Notary 1'ublic. LOUNTAIN OF FhIENDSIIIP HIOTEL. SThomnas VWarren Ihavning succeeded in obtaln. ing a l'ublican's general I!cenao tar tile above tlntel, situate near Cowile's Creek, on tile direct line of road to ite r faed Ste ann iglit diggings, Irving laid ill all ecelltent cntuck le wite, spirits alens, e., to llit tile most litastidlns. Tie house beImin entirely new awits every cotnvonletna, T'. WV. aallclle with r aonfidence tite l?ntronlage of the pub. ie, rnnd particularly thlat of hni rleenids the dtggee, wheire they will at all times meet aith good ano tomlnodation antd civilty atreasonable, chnrges. I? OlR IIL1, Carriages, Dog Carts, Saddle loresr, on reasonable terms. Union lotet Stables, Jllop-street.. ' .. \- "JNO.. 'ONTeOOMERY. - F I UIT. FRUIT. -.FRUIT. APPLES and PLUMS In any quantity, On Sale, at HARDY and CO.. Fruit Store. i7 and I0S, : .: ' .LaTrob Terrace. UIIRNITURE, London- made -A large and splendid Assortment' unpacked, and now on View atthe Stores of - :' THIOIt?NE, XIBItER CO, La Trobe Terrace, near the Hallway Terminu a.LTERERS.- On sale, a large assort ment ofFilterere. ` , BAUEIR,. Ryrie- street, Geelong. FRENCII Printed IMUSLINS and JACONETS A small assortment Splendid Patterns. now open ing by BItOWN, BROTItERS, tatlop-atreet... FIREPROOF WROUGHT IRON SAFES, suitable for storekeepers. merehants, or bankers, fitted with partittons, drawers, ,to., with patent detector locks and keys, etc., etc., etc., es Brilliant, for sale by lBalop-street. GEORGE MERGCER, WHOLESALE AN RETAIL STATIONEER and ACCOUNT BOOK IMANUFACTUIER.I lie does aor profess to sell arrr per cent re?xn cost price. He does Nor profess to sell at an aLsaonza sac ritce I He does not profess HIIow to nvncw trade"t He does not proless to Iave eomplete sets of books wlteleare not to be found ill stock when asked fort He does not profess to advertise some coode at a low price, and clarge lighil for others! I lie does not,in othler words, profess to humbug the pubic BUT, He does profess, and will prove it, that he is thes Cheapest andl Best Stationer and Accouser-Booo Ilonuefcturer in Geeloag. lie does proless to have tile Best Stock of Stn. tioncry, and to sell at Lower prices than any other houlae ila Geelong He: does prolean, and it Is generally ack= nowlediged by t hemostcompetentjudges, thatb le is thie Best and Cheapest Manolacturcr of Account Books in the colonyn asdi the very Iltandaiome testimonial plresented him by tihe Judges of the lelbourno Exhlibitton will prove thisl sntsfatctorily. are . , Ii Iproaesses to acknowledge these are "Hard Times" snd that tiles circumstance alone has compe lled hin In order to do business Snd t, ,'r. . . . . . . , ' To reduce every article he trades or manufac. tures to the very lowest paying p ice. SEcovND, To ensure a continuation of that liberal patronage bestowed oin him,' be will keep none but thle very best articles, and make up from the very best matecrials. Tea s; o,. To keep such an asoortment and variety of stock, at uech prices whickh hl feels eonfident a discerning publla will appreciate. NB.--ills sole object being a large trade and net o nett a large proit. . Ossaveo-G. IIERCEB, :, ' Opposite tie Tank iit ereteol-stree " ELONG and Melbourne Railway Company. \--Notlco is Iereby given that a Special Gene ral oe tin the Shareholders of the Geelong and Telbourne Ralnway Company will be held at the Company's Ouffies at Geelong, on Tosone, thle E2th day of January instant, at Moon, for the elee. tion o01t Director of the Company in the place of Wim. G. M?3lellar. Esq.. re?ijned. rlolders of twenty saltre or more aor eligible as -lreetore. Gentlemen willing to serve, if elected, ore requested to communicate with the Secretary on or before the 2tirh inst. Soareholders will be entitled to vote In respect ot tllher shares, as follows, viz.: - For 3 shares I vote, and for. every additionat six nlharea one vote ; not more than ton votes to be wtlls any one person. Votes may be given by proxy. provided the some person shall not vote as proxy for any number of persons, wlto together ahadll be proprietors of more than 500 shares.:.. CI.BLES. No. TeONE, : S. - Presldent." ItlNDSTONES.'?1ewcaatlc andt .Bilste, Sfrom 8 in. to 0 in. diameter ,at huxley and Parker's, Marblo and ,Stone Yard, Little Colllns.. eltrectt, oast, Mlelbourne. T R tORGE -WRIGHT, Avtwptesnn AND CGanAsa. Cowtteatos -Ave, West lyric.lstreet, G elong. aI EAT CLEAIING. SALE of ilhe whlole Stoek.ln-.Tradc.--The undersigned hy avng determined upon retiring from theoflat business (owing to their leaving Geelong); beg to state thlat ot Tuct-dty next. the 15th January, they will com mitten tellisg olf.ttheir lnrge and well selected st ock of hot," ctaps, ,c,, de.s -nd iseing- limitedto time by otllher en,[cttrnelts, Ithey aro prepored to make a great encrelce to etli'het a reanly olrarance. eo second prlce durlng sttle,' ntl sll cash' trenes. actions. T. IL. WILKINSiN, * i-lat 31 ltant?etarer, Oil, Mleornbooi-street. JEunstrt tlth,-"10 . -0 . N.l.-B.hop to let--ntpply tothe above. SE NEV\A, half nail whole cases, e D 1iK Sm'Tfeotle, Doavdoo nsd lIrtee, 100 Willinmn. reet Melbourne. - G O-A- lI- E A T, S T E I' GL I T Z7 A Conveyance will start from 1se George lhotel Pnklngton.street. Aoltsy. "with Pasnsenere leaving Stt.iglitz on Its return every Taesday, Tisurisdy, and Snlurday, at 0 o'clock, n.m. slharp. ' ' GERIIIGE LINDAU. Sole Proprietor. iOIUSE and I.AND) A(;IGENCY OFFICis- l 2'2, Great ltyr.ntroet. Est. ,s . We keep a free Iteilstry of FarmIng T.ndls, sheps Coilttages, and all desecriptlcns of ileal ero. esty botl for private osale mnid to let, feill partclt. lnrs ofvwhlieh are furnishedl otn' pplientlon.-ltetat c JAMES MEND? A CO., Ieouse, atnd Lend Agents. ,Agttnto iile ' Providenst nstlitute of Viclorin" nti thse "Vlctorlo Freehold I.andi oclety." IT O rTEI or Fore for tie Country.---Tron \--I J tores. variolus ditneslols,. lited, flooreds nsi partitioned throughout with grooved anti longued boards, contrastedl to be erected on any of tte diggings. Flans and ]oarilculars at the Careen STimber ToArd,? 12, Findere Loae est, elbourner. HERNE IIILL.--For sale by rrivate Con tract, Mir Peel's Cottage and Garden next to Mlr Bourr' Vi'lla residence. Apnly to J. L. Willis, on tile odjolning property; orto Georoge Wright, Ityric-street. UENRY PEARCE, yout are required to call on your brother etther at Mr Guy Bcinett's, UIon Innt, Mltlop-street, Gelong; or on JIr M'Lorty, itokewood. JAMES rEAIiCE._ I F this should meet the ye of Jolhn Foster, agcd 20, late of La Trobe Terrace and who was ame, and walked cn a crutch, he will hear of his father, y writing to the care of Mlr lilreao, Lexton tfotel, Burnlank. F tile party willo advertisd a few days ago, 1uodcr the name of C.. hd any intention of returning the dog" found" by him, to Its rightiul o~wner, he woul havo tolletd lr tile various coln nunlcattons addressed to him at the Advertiser Offie. I NFORIMATiON Wanted of Mlis Ann Fpelt, 1 v ho cnme to Melbourne about two years ago. in the ship rtrathlteldnsay John Spelt, Ship John nd tuey. : ... ... . . - January 16th, 050. . . IM3PROYVED AMERICAN PASSENGER COACIIES, highlyt flnlshed; easy and light, to narry from nine to eighteen passegter-, nnnufne tared of guaranteed oelonnl-sneasoned 'nglisht ash. Coan be seen finished and in proress at Williams's onaeh factory, 17d, Collins-street noast, nclbourne. TIMMENSE REDUCTtION IN THlE PRICE S"OF SADDLERY.-iM'CALLUJM & 'IKEhZIET ave received, per late arrivals, same heavy cone ignmcents on tie moat superior goods, in the above line, to an extent more nuttabe to tile past ttian thel present times, and which hiavo been selected by their prerdeceenr, Mia J.aME Coite, whose welt. k:nown practical and coltnial experience will be to ll old.colonists, a sutticent guarantee for quatty nnd suitabllity... AMC. eA SUEi. having thns obtained a stock do cideilly tihe ieaviest and best selected in tol ctolonles are In a position, and are determinced to disposo of tie same at prices whice shall defy com-i p ctiton. . I U P l' The trade supplied. SEC l-Ice.-i-ce:--Ice.-The ltlelbonrne Ice SCompany have tiC pleasure of. anlnounclng to "lto Inhabttitl of Geelollg and adjacent towns, thlatll consequenc of muchgreatenr eneouragn. .lent than aLntLcipated, they have adopted the otl lowin low price, which they confidently believe will place this most necessary article within tir reanch of.every citizen. Delivered in tlelbournc, in quantities, 4d per lb. S- .'OG1LE and ItUBJlNSON, Agnts. TN the - County Court of Granlt-Lasclles v. L Syder--Fi. o.--I. hereby eive noticen that I hLav this day purchased tihe goods, chrattles, choses in action and othenr pern,.nsl property of Mr itingay Syder.thet above named defendant and, asptcially all Itia hi bok.ldebts, and I require al per sals indebted to tile said M1ingoy Syder to pay, tile amount of thecir said doebts to, me,and to no ,iher person or they wilt be.suedt forthwith for tile amontisofr the said doebts ' . .. "WYILLIAM BEVAN,' 14, Union-street, Gelong. In the County Court of Grant-Hill v Hill. Fi. Fa.-Unless the above execution be pre- viously satistied, a staunch horse, dray, harness, saddle, &c.;, will be sold by public auction, on Monday, the 2 st inst., at twelve o'clock. at White's Livery stables, Rock of Cashel-lane, off Market- square, and behind the Rock of Cashell Hotel. GEORGE MAYNARD, Bailiff TA3IES ICING, late of Glasgow, and nmore Jrecently of Gnelong, is requested to communo. catei withtout delay with Ilr Mcl.smos, lted Lion Inn, or with the undersigned,: ..-. JAIIES RATRAY,: ..Geelong, Jat. 18,1850. . - "JOSEPI' I GARLICK, in thbanking hist friends I i or tile three yearn' liberol support 1,e has received at their hands, begs leave respectfully to inorrlt them that all orders ibr - CLUAItCOAL "ullock Loadna Se Oak .irewood, : Directed to Joseph Gartck, care of r r dorkhamt, saddler, toorabool-street, Soutlt Geelong, wi meet witth tne attention. ... 'inov. 13, 155,. lT UST Published, price One Shilliog, the Geelonn tJl Book Altinac, 1851.--Pub'elid by TROStA DROWN, -ionrabool-strect ; nad sold by 'all Booksellers. : . : • , ,z ADIES' Parisian moade Bloots, atin and kid Enamelled leather slippers ' Girls' Parisian made boots, Just landedt -: r ROWN, BROTHERS, --i , . . '". . alop-street. L E T.TS, DI.AR I ES. ;--Letto'-Diarica, .- 1 " ', . At G. MI?tCERS, . Opposite the Tank, nnoorabool-street:. ý,R DULLOCK, ofSteiglitz Diggingt, (late t- proprietor of thie Conveyance.) lent and tools you left at Streiglitzn,'illt be sold within a week rom tlia date unless you come and pay the men their wages. . .. · , , AT~T:?W\ W?DDOz,. cIT TO 3IULIRERS .13ID DRAPERS. MRS. ROSE, Ilyric Cotltage, Ilyric-street Second Verandali Cottage beyond .theo Iospital. llinery. of every description made up on the; asortest notice..for the trade only, in the newest styles of Parilsin and London fashion.. ... _ . iI. 1. 'itOUIIK'S' 'VESTERN IhOTEL *Stesen'.'-> E s eRsaTtn','.GSLOSO-n. The Wester liHotel is dellghtfully situated corn-' manding a magnificent view of tile bay and skip. pig; ' and gentlemen or families visiting Geelong, wiiin every respect find thlis tihe most eomlbrtablo and convelient louse of any-in tile colony. : 'ihe culinary department is under, the super. intendenco of a scon Soyr, a ay and every nalato must be pleaedl chops? steak". fish i ,a c., can e had at any hiour of tile day for one shilling. As ordinary daily, at 2 p.m., when every delicacy ot thie 'season,is oian ti' table, and the different corses lurlsletd fobr two shlillings snd sixlpence is uich ae.to excite universoldmitration. -: . :;. 'fThe winLues, spirits, and ale, are all of superior quality... fTle stables'are under the'superintendence'of an experieneed g'oom, and supplied withl tie best of forage. . . . . Tile proprietor, in gratefully acknowledging tile libeelniralsunprcedented patronage te hsi received inoe opening the above lhotel, legs respectfully to inform lis patrons and tile public at large, tlat no exertion on tis' ?art shn be spared in order..to alatalin ansd increase that reputatilon he has already acquired. A conveyanece is in attendance at all tile steamers from telbourne, and passengers to the Western Ilootelare conveyed gratis. .. 'iTe Ealafetle Line of Coaches for nBallarnat and Fiery Creek,leavoe tihe aboveloteldolly. Passaengers bolked to any part of tile diggings. ni1,ONUMENTS, Tombs antd Hcadstones, of *V newest deeit s, at Hluxley and Parker's Stone nnd larble Xe.r, Little Colins-street East, Mlelbourne. T ONEY.--lMonleey advanced iin mall.sums oIi. good'seccurlty Apply to' E. SPs~Pll'l" Commlsmton.Agen t " Gt, Ityrl-treet _west'. .l E N'S, LO TIIIt N.' L Superfine blanck cloth Dress Coats, siUk facings lDo do 'do Frock Coats, do do SDo' do do Ioclhford Coats, dodo' SDo do do FPancy DoeCoats Do do do and Tweed Veoto Shepherd's plaid, Tweed and Doe Trowsers ""- Extra Woollen Cord Trowsers Cotton Cord 'rowsers liloleeltin 'froweers V' hlte linen liochford Summer Coats.. andl well'made London oods,now landing gild for sale by ' tafo -' BROWN BRDOTIIERS," S• • . talop-street.,_ 4AL(IOP-STREET SAW MILL atnd TIMIIER T YARD, opposite tie Thecatroe, Great latop. street, Geelosng. ledThe ueirsln ls constantly on sale, a large quantity of ail kinds of leuilding Timber, whiche wll be sold at very reasonable prices Deals of tile best quality, from 10 to 36 feet Slong Ilordwood and deal quartering, Jolsts, and battens W'eatlier anod llning boards A suplerior lot of grooved aned tongued flooring Doors.nld sashlslt colonial nlade, as chleap es those ilnlorteil, 'oals all rollse, palings WiVre fencelig Chlff cnt by seleann, for fltrmers or others, or solel whoeelecle ntnd all ktlds of farm pro dee pourchuelld. ' lallulat boyers are requestedl to call previous to geong to 3lelbourne, as thle ulnlrrelgned is dele? litled to sell at uelh prices as shaIll commnsd Itor Geelong a share of that trade owhich nntutolly belnelgs to it, nd tnot ils I has bieen too much lich lease in (leelhgl drive away from this towinl tarde, lwhich eat be as well doll here t's ito lelblulOTrne. JAS. G. IIOnlNSUN. Januaery, 150.1 OTICE to. tile Puldic.--1 tleundlersignedl l avlng purchasedl debts due to J. .. Gregory ?eq., EShrket . eqetre, hereby hnform tIlhose persons Indiebted to that firm, that Tieones lllt1r Watlsleek, ,23 Cret llyrlee-treet we?tar Is lppohltld Ito collect thie same anld hols tile title letlsa ennteelled tlicrewuhlle; nlnd alllc?s tIhtoeecounts cre settled at thie earliest opportunity, legal pro ceedings will be taklen to reeoa er the same. • . ' W IT, LIA~l IIONEb'. Oololg, November 2kth, labs. UGGET CONVEI'YANCE, to anti from \Vordly Yalloc neid LT.ylnte's Diggings, within wetlity-flve miles of Fiery Creek aecnl most direct ltoad to Fiery Creek, leaves thIe Illolek ull every l"onlay, W?etlnesdlay, unin Frleoy? t 7 n. m., nrrlvy lllg snt 3 p.ml. suen day, and returillsng each succetd. kl"B l , Of?f? el, a _S ck BscIll ololl, ,a dtleaounlon of stel Ilnok Lead, L=s? -• -. . , xarcs--£3, C, YOUNG, Proprlietor NOTICE.--ll; parlies indcbted to tile Estate \- a'ThomasArehworithlate o'tGeelong, Solicitor, are reqcested to make immediate payments to lre Arewortt ndtministattrtrix, and nit pereons hlaving elaims against said estalte are required to trnish tile same to ALEX. FItASER, SolUcitor, Market- square, for adjustment. Geelong, 2.2led December, 1855. OTICE.-The Immigrants per the ship JOHIN aud LUCY, halinf been landedt are open to Engagement at the Depot, between the hoar of lO n.m.. and 3 p.m. Immigration Olien, Geelong, lkth January, 1850. ;O ItE.-Wanted to purchase, 4000 store SSheep. Applyto ... :? J. . HUTTON, Yarra-street. January lath, Cr05. OTIdE.-If Charles Lamond does not take nivna y his Bay aarnw?r h, sor at tie Sir WilliUam Wallace l atel Stables, Autman-street, Aslby, tlhe seaid mare will be sold, to defray expenses, in seven days from the date hIereof. JOHNY SATCIIrVELL, Rleteog:Sun Hltel. Jan.15,1850. NOTICE.-Arratgcments, taking effect from 1v December 1st, havingbecn entered Into with tihe Melbourne and Ilobson s Bayltainway Company for tile Transit to and from lobsbn's Day of Goods and l'assengeri ex tie A. S. N.. Co.'a steamers,: tle undersigned blcgt notily that subsequently to the above date the Sydney stennaemrs at present on tils station will embark and land pansengers, &c.;, at tile ,RtailwaP Per. " ' " SW. . WHITE and CO., A. S. N. Co.'s agents, rwharf, Helhourne. arfOTtCE of.TiEMOVAL.lR. Brown rbegs to L inform Cfdnumerous customers and friends that Ice has taden those commodlious premisaes front t. Goldsbrough, Eq., opposite tie pulls, Flinders atreet, cl, ielbourne, where le intends carrryhag on his business asa Wholesale andItetatl elrrctant flaving severl vessels In Ctee colonial trader via., tile screw- steamsehip laid of tile Yarra, Mierlposa, iobsons,,tc., be will always lhave on hand a supply of the best colonial floor, Oats, bran,lty, potatoes; also, posts and rails, JoiBts, quartering, paling, &c.;, at thle lowCaest po?asible rates. Country atorekeepers supplied on the most rea-n sonable terms. t. ROWN, Flindera-street, Melboorne. NOTICE OF RE)IOVAL.---W. S. Walker begs to intimate to his friends and thle public of Geelong and Illarat, tllat Che has removed tom the Ilay Market Store, Myers-street, to those com modioas pre?iaes;situatecd in aloorabool-street nearly apposite the Treasury, and lately occupied by Alexander Sayers and Co.. WV. . IV. in returning his sincere tlhanks to Ilts friends of eealoeg and tlallarat for thevery liberal support Ie has eltjoyed, begs to intimate that ia addilion to tihe produco business, he has made arrangements tar tce orenardlngoft goods to all the digglings, aud tIlhat being possessseof a few first. elas Chesers and oltady drivere, parties can depend to an Iour at any time for tle arrival of theli goods. 's?ostho storekeepers and ethers f-lBallarat and surroundingi diggings, their orders for all kinds of goods will meet witlh strict attention as to prices, quality, onel punctuality. Ad:rese, Produce and Cat Hay Depot, Mooraboolk - street. - ", 5W I:EIfl)Y, "eThe Geelong Sheet N Almnarc, t?Ot," celtainilg atl requisite in' Ibrmatiou. ; Tl'Ce Trade an llawikers supplied by the pub. lsher ' THlOMdAS -,BROWN, : S Printer and Stationer, Moorabeol- streit. SAdvertisers a re reepctfuily requested to forwanrd Iltheir advertisements as soon rs possible ltr.the " ook imalnan", as thle publishler wishlcs to get it ready early for the nesw year. Advertisements re nn .1.1 n~ -t the imth in f- 1 NOW LANDING and for Sale by the undei 560 sacks outs, and water tanks • s00 cases Itennessy's, U.V. and central Vd. brandy 50 hhds Nlartell'st and Ilennessy's, and IU.V. dlo 20 do West India rums . 250 cases'looth's and ?icholson'o old tom 350 do syass' and Porter's bottled beer_. 400 do : port and sherry S 20 ocketa hops o , slirtings, moleskin trousers, tweed do, dc., dc. TIJIMS, WILSON & CO, NEW DRUG HALLt.-M'Do ALD & .COL ; qplou, wholesale and retailDrugg?sts, Great tyrte-stret, Gieelong. Orders from the country punctually attended to :NOTICE to Everybody.- Five Pounds N Olward.--Lot from Mr SELLICK'S Pddoclk, tuninyong,- u rlBrght- Bay Mure, with star on forehead, near hind foot White, branded D L near ribs; any person giving such information as will lead to her recovery, will receive the above reward. MR. SELLICK, Crown Hotel, Bunninyong. ,N SALE.by the Undersigned Butter, andles, Cheese. o , .Curranlts, Jams bottled Fruits Curre Powder, Cider, Cutty Pipes, ottled Beer. Sherry, Hock SPontc, and Ginger Wines S Scotch WhLsky - Raspberry Vinear Iite. Co Little ilalop-street west. N S A L E, by . the u'ndersigned' Sr Deals, cut and uncut SScotch floorin and Anerican lumber Battens, lard and soft wood Paling,5and 6 feet '" Veotherbards, 7 and l9 inch Quartering and joist L"oars, 4 panel also, sashes The above will be sold cheap, and delivered to any part of Geelong free of cartage tor cash, by Craigend Saw tllls, Victoria Terrace. i?? SALE, by the undersigned, ex Christian !) from Copoenhagen S500 busihel prime Danish Oats, equal to co. 1200 do bran D ianlh butter, lst quality, in jars, wholo ood antd halflrkins . 15 casks pearlbarl ey 100 cases superine lour i Prim red Baltic deals and boards, planed, S tongued and grooved 10,00 bricks Ex sundry ships Salad oil, Datty's loardines, in half and quarter tins : Patna and Java rice Neva and French candles L'E matches, in cases, each 50 and 30 gro I IELCIIOR & Co. - 38, FIinders-lane west, Slolbourne. ON SALE,'ex Celestial and Texas, from NeTw _ York ,, o0 asks prime sugar cured hams . 10 do do Goshlen butter 5300 tins English dairy cheese " = 800 do buscuit, soda, sugar, butter, water and ,fancy 300 half-barrels lBrandywine cornmeal 250 cases Staughtoe's bitters (Davis') 150 do preerved chicken, goose, and turkey, S lb nd 2lbtins 100 do Ihalf.ngallon brandy peaches 200 do adamantine candles 250 packages dried apples 500 cases salmon and lobsters, lib and 21b tins 100 do honeydew tobacco half-lbs FISKlE & Co., 05 and 97, Swanston-street, lelboaurne. O N S A L 1 by the underiged -- IJ boxes candles Belmont, sixes Currants, in cwt boxes Double rose Cork butter, 1onna'a 500 bush whole maizo 1000 do New Zealand oats, oex Uncle Tom 50 cases Cooper's pint pickles, two dozen each 3 hoglsheads and 9 qr.casks pale sherry Bardon's lyass's sale and porter, in bottle Nlirsetti's do itd Derolay aid Perkins' do do ,Cumberloc4 bacon. ROIsERTSON AND STEVENSON, 14, Elizabeth.street, cornerof Flinders-lane. (N SAI.E.-A snug little Farm, nabout 9 miles from Town, contairninrg Iola Ir lp, being Govcernment allotmenrt 41, paris cf.Yowong, oi whichl is erectectd a two-roomet ecottage, stable, fowl houae atit shedsi, Ac. Apply it thle auction rooms cfJ. . IIUTTON, Yarra.rtreet. IREVIOUS to Alterations, a great 'tle of Furniture and a'trateo Coiwv'e Furni tare and ,eldding Warehlouse, opposite tie London hotel, Soorabool-str'et. W'a'. . lotviog, te, Ithe adjoaining preomises, and intending to trlkec extensive alterations, lie has deo terdniecd to rsell oil his piresent stock, (allo s?I reasonable otter will be reluaed,) colprilsing about 20 hinlr, cotton, flocl:k an otther mattrsraoes A Irgeo assortmente o al sufedl-bottomed ielaia, sonhs, couches mIii easy chairs, in hairclotlh nd leaIther Iron and wood bedsteads, in great variety: 'Telescope and otler dining tables Clholfomrar, pianonirtes, ond booklasesj 5 large glnaedt coses with slidini g sashles About 40t well made gold boxes Slenat sales 19 dos felt iints 100 lbs. ouI mop cord Boots, alhoes, stoklings, ?o., Se.' Observe the address- CONWAY'S Furlturo mntrl Sattras ontreouse, Opposite tbo London lotcel, bloorabool-strent, oel00ng. I PUBLIC NOTICE.-The fashionable P.,gct Coot, made to measure, Als o the Parie liall Sacque, also, to order, 3ls.--JAJ1hSt DOBSON lllo rcldat Tailor, flatter, Clothier, and Genrea Outitttr, supplies gentler?en with fishlaonable and oeasonable trousers. mnde to order, for 21l per palr also, with IeasonOble suits o' clotlhiag, seide to measure, at three gulticit tile suit. A prfect fit t,,uuarntecd. Observe--Il Itouri:e-street llast, J)ATFIRSON'' Victoria Almanac, price Six pence, contains rising and setting of thle sun, moon s 0e, eclipses, calendar, gardening tlrec tions, inoda large amounot of uaselult itormatlon with a copy ofthte American title dealeds, and Ihowto make a will. To be lhad of all Uooksetl.r.e. ]-AR'flFNP SIIIPNOTICE.-4 havre this day , dminttrd as Parilrr in my pirorfession. -Ar. hlinehrd A. Dowdn. Arellitect andtl Srveyor. [lie business shallt for the litture be carried on under the style of Shaw and Dowrdeu, Arehitects, Engineers, and Surveyors. OflleYare- tret, JOSEPH L. SHAWV. SJanuary lathtIf'l ' Q UEP.NSCLIFF HOTEL, QuconocliiY. SWILLIAM JlEAIIYhcge to inform his fotenatt oncl thle imbllo gonerally. that it is now in Ilsa powerr, owing rnto tlroninemeotot whch olo hoat recently comnietecd, to nirurd Il Hcr an opportunity· or otnlolne to tlu f ulledt. extent tilio fmlile nnd ruraltpicooiurei for which Quoconeclff 0otfr8 iacllt tieo unorltollnt In tito colony oe tictorit. It wltl toe hiot uattatot dostro to condor ttto nntrt nidrvantngea of ttlia benutlful wotcrlnt pacc t avotaltlo In tlti-r Entirety to ntl who may favour hltl cttnhlitlhmcnt witlh a.vititt .To tule invatlit or cnvalcoocnt iet can otflr, In addltioo.too Itlo inrooocbtlni 00a air nnd varied 5cencry. tlito tlellcacie» wlllii a foeeblot apctite rcootree' to nehoero otter pTieaeoro., horoco and aehlcteo, avhcitct willt onatdl them to vioit tio various piacce of iiterest in thle netghbourtood; and to.polotiR on busltedts, bbnht for conveyantc to otd from oltlp. tIngI~Or qttsiohtronett to Uicotong: stony itour. TIhrotEltItnobhcn ilttcdup nin nratclnt.o style, withl private oittiing roomst, aIry and comlbrtable bedrooms, and a botlony-wtict commandlO a splendid .view of the oea on one aide; and of til nohte ox~npati of time hay na th~e otlter. Moatls can be had at any hour, and the ctargca will tn every instance b on tIho moat moderate scalc. - N.B.-Telegraphtc moantoes promptly aiteno dod to. P ANSOMiE'S PATE?OTCI??P UTC EO0s," on Li Sale'by the undersigned. A variety of thio above celebrated mnchines with itt the latest improvement.;:: n ; " ! . . SF BAUEB, Ityrnle-street. pEAPING. Machines:-.For: eal.', .c.cheap, wo .U :qf" teeey's improved fleaplng Alnacines. Apppylto ir Jletenzle, at tie Cralgend Flour and S-in t111lls ?ieby. . ' SN'UG Tows. Property for:Sale. :Abrin T) rwowell-tlnishedi brick Cottages fdr Sale, one. oftwo; the.other of four rooms. l'rice.very'low.r. . E. WOOD, louse andLanodAget. Coarler of Kardila-.strceet- and Iarket-square TO IBAKEtS..-To' Lgi"a Sop .;.i fit' Three .. rooms; ores'. and bakery, fitted up in working order, Park.streetNew'Town. Application to be made next door. f O Architects, Builders, and Proprictors. SSewerrage Pipes.-Sewerago Plpes.--row land log ex Balmoral, 2,500 gltzed earthenware eweranee pipes. 1, 4, 0, 0, and 12 inclhes. diameter, with aUll ale necessary bends. 'juntctios, and slek traps. Alsoo 1500 rldge otd e flotur tLlet.. - Curron TimLer Yard, 72, Ftlnalers Lane cast, lel bournt e. - . . ' i OWN 01 GEE LONG. otice tois hhereby giver, that applications will be received at theo TownaCtlerk's Otfc; 'ownl hlall Geelong, until 12 o'clock noon, on t'uesdny, 22nd January aist., for the oflice of Counuel lessenger and Oltceo Keeper, to reside on the premaises, vacant by the resignation oftrJohn Dolewln.. . A man and his wif e without incumbranco will be requlred. . l'artlculars s to salary, and tile duties to be per= formed eno.be ascertained on applicatIon to the underligned, at isla office, Town Olall..The appli. cations are to be addreassed to " The Wortipful the ,layer and Town Council ofGeelong," and endorsed with tile words "Office oflcassengcr." \- .:WVILLIAI WEIItcE, 'Town Clerk. Townm Clerk's'Ofllce, - Geelong,l lJanoirthJ , 1S560." O 0PARENTS:-Wtantet, to take charge of .T, one or.two children at her home,:byan exo rerlenced English i aris, residing In a healthy part of tlletown ; would not object to an infant from the birth good references given., Address, Mrs Thomson, office of thiskpaper. ?I'UE. Coloial Bank 'of 'Australaoia.-To the :Shareholders of 'the'Colonlal Bank of Austrn. lnIin.-Tt e Board of Directors hane to announce to the Shareholders tte appointment ofTeomas Elder Boyd; Eaquire "to be principal manager of this institution, at tlelbourne - . " . . " JOIfN 0'SHA iASST., • ,?, i~;"; ' ' ' Governor.. htelbourne, 1lta January, 1856.' , ? fIIE rarmer's Exctange.--James : mttray colonial produce. broker .tlate Auctloneer Little Jlalop-street, is now enabled to announce to growers ondlolders of eolonil prduae, that he is now In aOosltion to render them as weldl as him self, essaential service by the facilities which hiss newly adopted business affords for the speedy dis. noal of their Iharvests. - . lLHE Farmer's Exchange.-James Rattray, lante Auctioneer; Little Mnlop-street. hlaving sold off Ihis old stock, and removedeto tile opposite corner of ithe same street, respectfully invitesI public attention to his new store and stock. On sale this day 3 tons prime potatoes 2 tons Chilian flour Scasks new grease butter o00 bushels barley 3 tons sugar G lentleld starcht And other chief commodities. All warranted. fiMIE FAIIMERS'- EXCHANGE.--JAMES \- lAT'ltRAY, Colonial PrOduce Broeker, respect. full. intimates to contractors, foragers, livery otualo keepers, Ac., that he is commissioned to dis pose of- One. stack of prime timely gathered hey, o measuring about fifty tonsr,--may be either ile fer rreserved. One small stack ol new hay. measuring sbuht twelve tons-cheap. - T' IILLINERS --- -lands Wanted.---Mrs ROSE. Iyre Cottage, Ityrie-street east, second verandalh cottage past tie loepital. TENDE1RS for HAY. -Wanted, for the wsckly supply of Hay at the several Stations of the Criterion Coaches, viz--ates' Ford, Clyde Hotel, Muddy Water Hloles, Meredith, Corduroy iBridge, Bunlnyong, and BUllarut. Tenders will be received up to the 20th instant, at Brltish Hotel and Victoria Hotel, Geelong; Psy ments monthly. HENRY DEWING t Co. (TO Storerkeepers, Drapers, Dealers, and Others. CUMIING, IiROTLiERS and CO beg tore mind the trade generally that they purchase direct from the manufacturers every description oft Drapery and Slop Goods, which they continue to open up in quantities to suit tile trade. 'flehy would call special attention to their present stock on hand and to urive, suitable fr tile season, anl which they are prepared to dispose of on terms most favorable to purchasers. Cumiinel Brothers and Co Importers and Gcneral Merchants, 20, Collins-street East, Mtelbournc. . TO10 LAND PURCHASERS.-The under signed wishes to inform thepablic, and par tlularly Now Arrivals, that he is ways ready on the shortest notice, to point out the Lands or alone; and also, to offer useli information respecting thOse Lands. open ior selootion, From hies log Colonial and practical experienee, (now fourteen years) llis knowlege of the country may prove ot great importance to the purchaser. b . Hi. GARRARD, Surveyor, Lloyd's Clhamber. inlcp.street west. GeclongC. I Jh1lE lndcrsigsele is a purchlaser of, or will . advance money on all description of ltrniture, wearing apparel, watehes, jewellery, guns, pistols and every descriptior ol miscellaneous property. A note addressed parties will be waitd aeon at thleir residence. Tfe strictest secrecy may be re. d a. Vn. DEVAN, Pawnbroker, 11, Union-street, Geelong. October 2-tht' I-R5. TrANNERt'S Victorian Garnlener's Almnasark. I -Illare neaws fr tile noew year, to tihe lovers of tihe Floricultural and lorticultural Arts. how paubliheteed ITunnel'a Victorian Gardener's Alhmmae; cottulaling. in addition to thel usual contents oia Yearly ?alenldar, choice eand orlginal tnstruetlotes. tr the entire enlaneeget mc t o tlhe Vegetable, Flower, anti Fruit (;alleclesna. Also the use and application of stils, catalogue of seeid.tc.. e. Country agents supplied on liberal terms. JOllN TANNlti reedsman, 24, ltyrie-strrel, eolreong. TIIE Victoria Fire and Marine Insurance Comlnany have resumed the lMarino Depart meat o tbeir businless. C. .t. SMIITII, Agent. ieelona. D.th December. l2.,5. |O Bakers, Confectiotters, and Others. - J llanxll Flour, guaranteed flret quality; also Cllilian Flour, on sale by R. 11. IlULLOCK. rI11UOIAS MILLER WALDOCK Land and Ilouse Agent, 23, Iyrte.street, West, Geelong. Rlegistry Oflce. SiilE Illustrated L.odoln News, vol. 20 .L January to June, 1 O5.5. THOMAS fROIhO , lloorabool-street. 100 CASKS Roman, 0O Casks Portland cement, and 50 caks fine Engleish plaster now landing ex John Bright. Carroa Timber yoard, j2, Flinders Lane ot, elolbour?Oe, STRAW Ronnets.---Straw lomniets.---Ladies may hlave their Straw Bonneta cleaned end altered, nnd done up in a superior style, by J. CHi 'R-TIE. IA, ?iaillop-street,ithree doors west of the Indpenlent Cthurch. P amnna and Cabbage Tree Hats cleaned. 0 IIOTEL-KEEPERS, &c.-For; Sale, by tile Undersigned, a Superior London-made ICE iCII]ST, or lRefrigerator complete, with Ice Cream cans?otulds, &e.; N.iI.-This article would be a great acquaiition to ny hotel, now that supplies of Ice are conatantly received from the United States. F. BAUEIS, Ityriey-street. r AlnE Australian Medical Journal, just pub lished.. Agent in GeeClong, lSir THOMAS BROVN, roorabool-s treet. To be irsuedquarterly, price L? pereannum. TIIE UNDERSIGNED, . hviatn 'those very SExtentssive Premse at ta lsrseun Inlreaitkwter, it preparcd to Scour and Class. OOLS, and get them utp' fr tt r LOnonoMna rkCet, on thie most Mode-. rate. Terms; te is prepared to purcimnse Greasy Wools or Sheepskins in any quantities. .. ToS. MAiRSHtALL, Wnool Start, Mercer-street Geelong. Alt Orenayl.ools for ScouringleiLt at 1. mlaraeudl's Wool a lart, Sterecr-street, wlb he attends?s to swith Ilhe GreateatlDespotoll. · t Good Dry Storage for Goods. O Settlerts.On Sale at F. BAUER'S, yrie i ,Strect Sanrbt' crown Sheep- hears " D Y Sicklesn Patent Scythes - Corrorsive Sublimate' Pitch Turkiey Stone. \- o. 1 ..e. rHII" MISSE. lIRIE have to amnotince that . their Classes will re-assemble, on Tuesday, 22nd Janaar-. •Vacancies fora few ndditional Boarders; er . l i elleview Iouse, iJ, Great ,tlyers-street. r HE first Twelve Volumes of the Family . I Heraldnow on Sale at = " :: -: .; .... ,,. ..,ThOIASlBROWIt'S, oora bool-atrsee S ADE ALE ?LOUR. THE Undersigned receive regular shipmeata of.Hart anr ? ughes' fne French dressed Ads- I d : I-. AIIATON, O ARD, and LI'TLE, i.- " : QueenJsireet, blelbourne. .l0 CObR~r lACTORS AND BUILDEtRS. :I.. le'unnderligned hare on land, for Sale, tie fillowing,- artlcles, suitable 'or a hotel or public buflding:- Plate Glassow-Window Sashe-Doors-Architraves and other louldings-Centrepieces-Stove--arble tlantelpieces-Marble Counter Tops and Gypsum * .. ",I GIFFITHS, FAINItSI . Co., , IFFITHSLittle alop-street, East. O Builders and Others.---W. B. Hammond, Slater and Slate ,aerchant, bavintJust received ex Invincible a large quantity best Bangor slates, from tihe quarries direct, and having made ar rangements with his agent for a regular supply of the same, begs to state to his old friends and tihe public in general, that he has recommenced busi net In ttre above line, and is now enabled to cona tract lir and complete slating at tihe lowrst onS slble p ice. Clareelldol-. ret, .Chlltweli, Near Cricket Club Hotel. r 'r Parties in Searchi oifa goed IIorse.-DavID :- 'Cocsx Produce Ierchant, Little tyrie- street West, has ior le-- " . . 'Several superior draft horses; also some -: superior hackneys - Also, norse drsys, dog eart. BD.C, ha also constantly on sale 1st quality V. D. L. flour Do CUhistlian do \- Potatoes SOats, colonial and Scotch Bran SHay and Ci la. 'Of the very best quality, and at prices to suit the times. q Nobliemen, Gentlemen, and Agriculturists. S ILLanted by a thly repa Miller to married rat (without family) a situation as ead Steward, or Bailiff on u Farm; "he Is Just arrived Ironm Cngland, and g had great experience in tie moat improed methods of agiculture. and a nlso the ying, selltng and breeding of Stock, e repet-tings fuly offers himself to notice., Addret s " alit at te Ofnce o of this paper. n GeO IILLEnS.-- Wa1ted a liler to proceed to Hobart Town immediately. Noieet hfirst rate stone-dressers need apply. J. W. Johnsto and o, 61 Great tlyers-street west.I WANTED, to Sub-letoow, a numbe£500r o Cuttings pron the Geelong and olelbourne Railway, between the Duck Pon ands and Little River. Apply to MUSSON, lt0SS ND LESLIE, SGeelong, Jan.stb,1 o., . ., SANTED 300 itenation ts An istant Goernes Addthe Duk Ponds anti"Little iver,ppe ee Tork, or current wages paid, wi4 or th tents, woocle and water.-Apply to tile Contractors, on the wors. \- 5lUSON, oss AND LESLIE. Geelong, Jan 18th, 1856. ANTED ro,s for 00 road; npon Freehold property for the space of 2 years. First rate interest will be 'given, and security undeniable. Apply to " t ' .W. WATTS, ATD a uctioneer, oorab thl-stre Geelongt CC ANTED a stuation as Assistant overnese o Iddres_, ?Y, Uatt e on th-- pap.a. reMANTED, 00 E we, 4 or 6 toothe welan Apply to JAIES n O1 LE. __Jnua_. _ lso0. W ANTED, Grooms for the road; none need apply except first-rate men. at the British Hotel, to . HENIRY DhWLNG a Co. W ANTED a Boy as Runner, for the Geelong Advertiser. Apply'at the aflce, Letweeh tho hours of 7 and 8 in the morning;'or 3 and 4 o'clock in the afernoon.' " ATATED, an active Young ana, to assist W in a Store on the Diggings. Must be well recommended. ' Apply between 9 and 10 a.m. Y'CaLLU3, , NEILL, and Co., oorabeol~atreet. WVANTED a Drapers' Assistant; one used to S the slop business preferred. Apply to E. ACKMAN .Market-equare. loth January, 180. ANTED, a Dray, to take 8 or 10 cwt to Colae. Apply at the Commercial inn, Coro.street. Apply early. WANTED, a respectable man as Singer and Chtairman. Apply to F, Carman, Game. keeper's Hotel, Yarra.stect, Geelong. T ANTED Four Bullock Drays to load with flourt and bring wool down. Apply to W.. L. LES, t 'ublt bc ool Warehouse. SA N T E D,. Farm Servants, Apply to A RELL 0 O'FARRELL SON, _tLre.-street ANTED, to be known, that J. TONKIN, SIrony Bedstead ,laker, a., has removed to No. a Great• Ryrie btreet, two doors from Jlooraboo"-street,w?lhre Iledateadls are made to order, of any size, pattern, or price; also, Smith's work of every descriptlion, W ANTED, a respectable Youth of liberal education, either as articled pupil, or for a term. BACKHIOUSE A REPYNOLDS, Architects and Surveyors. cMarket.square, Jan., 14th, 1a50. W ANTED, a Coach Body Maker,--a good S hanod will get constant employment. Apply to Thorburn A son, Conchmakers, corner of Little l-vrie-stret snd Uheringhap-street, above O'kar ell's sale oyards. I ANTED, a Good Body :Maker, Wheeler, tnd -ltuith.--Apply at S'I'SNE.IAN ant tILL.I INuIsAl "aehl ianoulfaetrero, LaTrobe Terrnce.--Tlhe hlghest wages will be given. Geelong, January lirth, 1831. 1OAD and Residence for a gentleman who L would share a bed room and sitting room with one other, or for two whu would be willing to occupy thle same room. Addlress, P.C.o, olc of thits parer. 1'O0 GElNTLEbMEN.-Slelct Board and Resi Ldonee, or beard only, on moderate terms closm to ylurket-equsr. asd nlear tile laly. Apply, :5 lallelrie-slreet, tiree doors abaove the Sir Chnles Ilethlam Iotel andl Bira Little, Iancy Rlepository, Jhilo -etret. elf'arru-streret, I?.1.-Stabllng itf rn unuired f(Cfv POUNDS REWARD-Caution to £ Poundkecpcr», Auctioncrn, and othcro. Stolcil or Straycl. on Clbrinlno nlht, fronm Pinch «iut Dictcino.oo any Mnre, blRck bointo, itnr o0 forehacdl; bralnded Ay ott reiouidor, 0 wtlh otttcr broods near shloubler. Flv Poundr Iloword on recovery of ttle mare, and Twenty roundt on ronviction ofUiw tlilcf, on ap. piteation to JOSKtPHl IANSON Storekeeper. Pinchx Uuto or. to JOHN SCOTT & SON, Leigi Bridge liNtel, i'linlford, BIOKE into my Paddock, middle of Decem her, one heavy bay mare blaek points, 2 hind eet white, star on forehead, )raudeld Owidth line n-centre. " - The owner may Ihave it en paying expensea. DAVID CLAILK, Pigglreet, Wordy Yallock. LOST, from the Race Conrse hotel,'Ballarat, on the 27th inst., a Fawn Caloured Kangaroo Dog wlhite stripe down forehead, and a white spot on the neck, branded J Q a'r rib.--If foundt, to be deliveredl to Mr IIY. GOSLING. J. QUIlSItY; 1 MOST, on Monday last, on the road from _ allerat to GOelong, a Pocket.book contalning m?oney and papers, tile latter being of le usc to any one except tie owner, wl, on, rithe return of the papers, wilt Itey tile furlther som of l..lAO for their . recovery, on its being brought to the attice of this paper. . LOST, from near the Clyde lotel, One Black Horse, branded IB (colJoined) near shoulder, whitelc pot on forehenld hall hobbles lnl;--nlto One lack Ilahorse braudid A Inwriting off esouldcr. ' wlltoe spot on forehead, Intd tether rope oni.- t5 reward for escih on delivery to nderstgednrt, or any information given teat will lead to their recovery. . - S?,"FRitDK. MAtRENDAZ, Victoria Vineyard, ColeC noad.. Rp EWARD of £5. --Lost from Meredtlhl, one bay norer, J. near eaoulder star on iorlltead, -. 'o. 3 oul stettlder, ae d lesar hld Itot a rlte. e SAny one Iltloisg tha anove tlnrs wvill rrteive tle nhuitv rewanrd, byv.dellrerig tile thors at nl a' thec Criterioln Comeuny's Staleied In towin, r atc.t" thle road. : . , H. iWING ctal ted . I101.lN or Straye! lrhel tile i lalce-? "lue-t fotel, Great ittrle- Blreet. ta lig il.t Liy aere itnlludl 'GtlLnrcir aliouldci, h!fid ntdl rt'ilr tboo" wlhite, smell star on ferehendl: atny e!cl trinivgi tfr same to tile underlsigned will receive !e 5 et:a.r. . tlitd if stolen, Oil cUcIIitotn el tile 1til1, .L2, re. wotrd will be givell b)t iccptlnscg to Q'-l4lf'.3 Ilea hiotel ; or to J ohl n C ellbo t'ey, udll y ? eltr I lo les._ QTOLEN" or'Strayed, a dleik ?reLv Mare, " branded tiP neaP " ti?lulder, elr ttI;h- t-tlel white, smanllwltte lpot esl lorcheied. Ite founlds reword welit be paid icr lcritghtg tic s:,n:e to J. T. ihtrrie, i ]itoe iicroo Sttoie, t:ount Ihlt1nttnt, Ihal nlmtart or, II' netolett Ten l'oundl., on ceovtton of thle tlief. QTtt.ie, fitem ol' thie eBarrtabc.i lills, one U " kewcald geldhing, brands GW tnear citollder 4 year- old. Also, one hey mare, I honda I:ileh, olaf eer Lent, . Ibrndlea dilmolad s+ unlder, spectaei u nalder near Shoulder, CP near thigh. Tlie samne reeward will be paid on recovery of tIhe tTOLEN on 'the 9tlh, from L.ittle L;iver, one Sboy mare, .111l conJoined ncer- loaitcr, black nancand tlail, and star in ibrthead. A), persno rinaging same to Daniel Coroarun, Little ltiver, [11 receive live pountld rnwtr.l. GeelongJauaeory It, 15b. 'TOLEN or .tuavcd from East Geelonti- at S ctesnut horsa ',tl branded lt.nkar shoutlder, be property of 1* i. Bookns. Any person bretgtng "tome to Mr. Daniel Corr, Storekeeper, uorro-street, wll recelve Five Pounds ieward-.. Getlong, Januaory letit, 1.?.. - QTOLlN: or Str.i)eli, flinr lpp,~l. it thl-lyd? 1: . t lhotel, one bay Ileves wiilto b a .... Intotn fnace switel to:il, stlntds 14t ilti? It., brt:.ld N nearitoulder, halod hoblles t. . Aio, u black aore., , witchl tail' aod white loaze downothIo lve?:ct el one while hind olat. brat.dd C 5 onttheeolf' houlier, land k crown (tI tlre neaer Iea.. t Any person tol brilnglg tihe sare t George V1'illiamson, Clyde lint,,,,, wittrecelve.tSreward, sad If on conviction of te thtlel £10 reward. TiIOS. NCtIIOLLS. STSAYED into the l'Pladdock of thle tnder. signed a dark brown Hor?e, whitr:bloze on face, branded CP- otff lhulder. The: owner nay Imve same by paying expenrses. - .1im. JENKINS, - \- ldented teads;:t: QTOLEN or"Stravcdl. from t Alban's, Last . Geelong, £20 rwurd,'if stolen h:, or £3 enali, if stran ed-- - - • , •.* . .- " * 1lbrwnnliorse with bangtallt, branded Von off hou !tr, wtitlout soboe. Aleo,. 1 bay ilo.e, bratdecd .S, .ecr ltouuldor. Aty person oil bringing thes atns t, .., r. Sol,t 2J, OGreut Jlyersd-street, till resuine .thIe ob,e re ward. 11 1' tUI U Da lii.? We'tll. -- ttOett or 1 trcavd, from Bruee's Creek, t1n' 2ist l)ecemt ber, o cleost iltorer, brnooded '?to-"lte ilea - osouulder andt EXO o of ntckt. blaze ttolwtlb t ace £, twoidtnd legs white.' Cautionpctitdlckepers, tuc tioneers, ouit others froa e?*llltg-ttce tanle. Who Over wilt find tie sam ntoot htave at .?lr. Holmes, Brueto Creek; or.-)sr. turlts; baiocimtith, Little loalop.street, shall receive the above reward. -IX :Pounds Rewartl.-Stolen '-or'Strayed, a ; dark brown Horse, branded B1. near shoulder, EJ Off shouolder. 13 will be paid on the recovery or the lorOe; ort if stolen, 1- on the convictlon of th titlef to be left - at the Freemason's Store, Waterloo. t Iat, Pietr Creek, or Gu'tdry's Hlotel, Aslhby, Geelong. . TR.mAYED, from Buninyong, 27th August• :185, One Flea Bitten Gray are, bratnded.V near hebek, J near neck, MS'or W reverted) near shonuder. One nBay Pony, hind'fetlocks whitie, . near and. off shoulder.. , one IBay 3tare; black points WC near oltoolder,. One Iron Grey Mnre, A F (conJoined) near shoulder. Two Pounds reward will be paid on delivery oi eacb horse to Mr SELLICK, Crown llotel, Bunin yong, or for such inormation as will lead to the diocovey. DAVID KITCHES..' l -2 REW¥ARD.-Stoien ot Sunday night; o -, early on Monday morning, 14dh or 15th ine., near the Eurekna Hotel Fyan's onrd Road, a thesnat Horse, branded aI on near shoulder. it I C n offahoulder, scarcely visible, white blaze nono -swe. Any one giving information to Moessrs. DENN nd uOSBO tNh, d.ercbtnte, Mulop-street, Geelong • tile mtldersigned, Fyans' Ford toad. shall re. cine the above reword. JOSEPH RIPPLN?. White Tent, Fyans' Ford Road. October 16th, 1955. \- K RIW AlID.-Lost from Brown's Dig tJ gings, Wordy Yallock, a ctesnut heavy irnaught mare, branded 1'Y near shoulder, wrhite tripe on face. Any person bringing her to the on. lersigned shall receive 15 reward. DAVIID CLABKE, Piggireet, Wordy Wnllock. \- it LtWAiRD.-Lost near uRokiWood, a etvi Li lt Grey Stare, long bushy tail, on Friday, 2th Derember, branded SD near Rhoulder. like O toff aile btck. Whoeover nwill bring her to Dovi d Scott, Strawberry Hill, tnear Gefrlon; or .1r Lyons, publican, itokowood, shall receive tile bovo reward. {"- 1I REWARD.-Stolen or btraycd, on the -Jl' t lth June, 13 i, from the neighborhtood of AMount tlunityong, a blakr .tlare, io witite, branded T 3o off shoulier, w' near lshouldor, now aupposed to hlave a tfoal at itoot.--The above rotard siltbe paid on restoration of the mare, or for such infurmatiotn as will lead to ter recovery, by ALEkli. 1L. \WILLSO.N btaker, Crenwiokbs Creek. S.U.--Poundkertsrr , ouct Onters and others ase cautioned againt purchasing or elhing the ubovo Mare. Creswick, December 24th, 1555. (EELONG GRAMMAR SCHOOL.-Hlead '0 laster: Rev. G. O. Vance, B,A., Curate to the Archdeacon, late Scholar oh Lincoln College, ux* ford, and benior C laeinal Scholar ot hing's Col lege. London. This School was opened five months ago, for day scholars only, at the ilatance of tile Venerable the Archdeacon, and other inlouential residents in this town, awith a view to removing ttle aectssite ior aending the rens of gentleman to telbourne or the netlhbouring colonles, in order to enasuro tthemi a -digh standard of education. Air. Vance is prepared to receive eight or ten boarders immediately siter the Cliriotmos vacation, over wiose health and namusemCti. , is well as over their moral and intellectual devolopmest, ho will hitimareli erxercise vigilant uperilttondence whllst it will be his earnest endeavour, both as a tutor and clergyman, to train up tihoe entruslted to hin charge in the nurture and admonition ol the Lord. For his competency to undertake such a charge, Sir. Vaneo appeals to his high University Degree, and School Dfatinctions, and to bid Inumerous testimonials (placed for general lnrpectton in tie Archdeacon's bands), Irom distinguished ptoltn. sers and tutors of oxfoid, and trusts tht tile support of many irienda will enable them to make the Geclong trsammar behool a credit to the town. It is proposed to place te Grammar School ln connexion with the ,Melbourne University. Pupils will re-aseemblo on Mtondlay, Jaluary 21, Slken-street, near the comrner of La Trote Ter. December 24. 1)AKINGTON lonse Grammar School, Pakington.otret, Newtown. nstablished 1hS3. Principol, `Mr TnoOatt W. Sr?nrme. The course of instructiou at lis establiioment is ol such a character as eminently to quali?y youth for varied positions o usefulness. Tte i'rlnclpal Is now well known or tile success whilch ItIas attended his efforts in training tte youthful mind to habits of tthou.ht and propriety. The Irancee of Instruction pursued are Latin French, Algebra, Aritintt(lo, trawnlog, Music, Writing, English Gramnmatr with parsiug, ueo oraIy nwiltll maps, Elocution, Naturail l'iisoldpty, .rtclutn, ioman and EngUsh Literatures book, keeping ty ?lngie and double entry; also ltemloi try, as applicable to agriculture. a trttmany be knows peon application. The pupils will rerasemble (auter thle Christmas Vuoatioll January 10thi. 185. M? S. TURNER, Professor of Mluasic atl .L Dancing, No. 2. Mlyers.street wcest-Mrs Turner Ihas rremoved lier Academy for tle ilstroec. tlion if 'upili lit lusio and Dnaulng, to tilre above ommotdious promiecs, and soil!Its acontilnanro a fthte kind pattonage of her ?rlends, and of the socity of eelong In general solt -Taa o1,t? a caas FOR PrePtot Plonoforte, per Quarter payable In advance £3 3s (lnotrlotions on tile Pianoibrte tor beginners, or to ftinis thle style of nmore udvanted i5uplL.ls Dancilag, per quarnter, payable in advance... £3 3s Single Lessons ... . himr Turner, at thie rerueat of many of her frientda has opened ai Assembly, wlichl will be oltinued every forltnight, on Thursday ov, ntngs, for tileto beneft of her mioro advanced pupils- and Is pre, pared to tdmit a limited number of respectable puarties as sucrlbers, at t0s per qunarter. ilrs 'lurner by conlining tho admiossioun to hler Asaemlly to respectable plart es alone, andl by otllterJudllclous arrangentents, which from past experience ii F gi. lasd site wili htl able to carry ot, trusts to supply al wolt which lna long exinsted In Ucelsg; viz., a Select Quadrillo Party. Ills to be understood that Pupils willhave the entreeo to the assemblywithout extra charge, Bfalqt.v Aainba.l 