MACQUARIE WARD. - A. Meeting of the JStq.. ?Kill bc held at J. Borten'«, Cricketer-' Arms Hutcl, P.it anï ..Market streets, on WEDNESDAY EVBN1.NQ nc": Thechair vi.l bo taken ct haT-paet teven o'clock. £"A1,AU c"t' 1110 CBMr " JU 8. ROS?, 1 " , , J. H <.RT J Hon. Secretaries CITY ELECTION.-MT P^UIOTETT' S WARD COMMITTEES. " _ GIPPS WARD. ? P. Uofta j£lne, conran O'«oo J. Carraher Dr. Mackellar *r«raw Ryan Daniel Dwj er ?; w.h. Mouwy J,hn Crowd "' ¿ ff SSvU.- ' Jrbn Macnamara (Wharf) J» K. 8il»m,ter James Casey . , Mlebnrl Hnsssy fleury Iljrnrs *- Sncatiioy lawrence Corcoran J. Shouneey John Cuthbert. Thomas Galbraith Thomas Moloney " Patrick Vreehlll Frederics lbs» .T,mee O'Neill Thorosf. Lvnch Daniel Tierney j ha Nciutiam . Thomas Rodgers Richard Wild. * .-- "With power to add to their number. I P. HOGAN, non. Sccretiry. j ' . ' BRISBANE WARD. \- P. G-mW \V. U. Aldis \- W. U. IIuskin:on J. Ward * J. Cavanagh II. Nowland M. Chat Koa 1). Miliia S. Croit ? M. O'Neil M. MOM U. O'Neil P. Doyle' .T O'Neil ??? " M; Hoes . W. Armstrong ? .T.'Oilliik ' ' James Smith \- '..T. Ha'satt * t- .< . W. Brown J. Ryan ¡ P. Smith . P. Lynch II. J. Cohen \- ' J. Mulholland . S.J.Cohen ? . . With power to add to their number. ? ' ' COOK WARD. , . Jamel Husbwd James Taylor John Thorpe Frost Denis Gucrln , ¡ Jahn Murphy William Crcig . Jahn Grant, M.D. Joseph Carter . . Curies E. Langlev Willum J. Powell \- Arthur Poulton . WilUum Chalk John Molony Michael II. Landy _. Benjamin C. Bradshaw Edward Gallagher , Wialam H. Gaibraith John Barlow Richard Creagh ' John O'L ile J «noa O'Neil TI. Dobson 3.mesTigbe.jun. Felix Moss \- . John O'Hchlr Wi:h power to add to their numbar. RICHARD CREAGH, lion. Secretary. PHILLIP WARD. » Edward Cuaitghata Tnomas Molloy Jos:ph Ho:k Thorn«« Clune John P. Ttarres Muhncl M'Mancman Thomas Qalgly John Doran ' Riobard Brown Thomas Staunton MorrieO'NtU JohnJ.Curran . - _ Luke Ryan William Roack " Cavia Byrnes Hugh White John Madden Wi Iii tm Coleman . Thomas Quealey Tatriek Mooney . ;, . Patrick Daly John Mooney . . Philip Waith William M'Onckin John Berne J. Horsey With power t» add to their nu über; BOUBKri WARD.' Daniel Eran, M.L.C. . H. Solomon . . L. Farrell 6. D.vls A. C-llin« mechen Mullarkcy \- E. McKnoroe J. Latham . John Falk 1 II. 0. J*rvl» James Mcycrfeld David Creaton C. Cullen Lewis Mahen Rsbm Willi« Ed. O'conner Thtmas Collier G: Allen J. Fillet J. Bennett L. Moss Dr. Lissus William Sharp H. Bachfield J. Clinton II. J. Seaton J 'Curtis p. Barkhauaen \--.-Robert Smith ._ _. T.Cohen J. Wella Edwin Beckman H. Wilson John Corcoran J. BJW C. Bowler ». Row F. W. Perry \- M. Mullaley p. M. O'Connor Pour Hcffjun > ? D. W. Donovan D. LyEch W. Haray , Henry Kjzsr James O'Dwyer -Charles Bath A. Belker Henry Lubeck W. C. Murphy . G. Pike Thomas Severn Michael J. Ru'soll - Kchilsky J. Hoghes Kllas Moses J. Turner J. Cos ? With power to add to their number. T. M. O'CONNOR, Honorary Secretary. Tha Maequaiie Ward Committee will bc added after the meeting on Wednesday evening. Any Bcntlecrca whseo names have bccnottltted from thc varloui Committee?, can have their acmes Inserted on application to thc Secretarial!. ..^.'IIART!3, } HonorM-y Secretaries. TO THE ELECTORS of the United Counties of Coot and Westmoreland.-Centièmes,-When I first had the honour to offer myself as a candidate for your suffrages, I promised tbat I should Uko an early opportunity to give you an etpooition o' my political principles. 1 now beg leave to redeem that pledge. > adueatioa 1 consider of thc greatest possible importance to this yoang ntid rapidly increasing colony. Every assistance should be afforded by thc Legislature to foster tho educational establish- ments at present in existence, «nd to encourage the formation ot new once. Bonds.-Thc prêtent mer.na cf transit in the interior ia most Visatiefaotory, and far behind the rate at which thc colony has progressed in other mattera. Thc different Huns of road at pre- sent most generally used shou'ri tw put al oner In suoh a state of repair as would cnablo the traffic to bo carried on ia a moro «aUüfdetary manner than at present. I consider tho state of thc void's at present a disgrace to the coionv. The Linds.-Without inflicting injustice on that muon abused class, thc Bijuattcra, tho Government ought, as tho leases fall iato their bands, re«crve a fufficient portion ef th» land flt for agri- cultural purposes, fer pale to email farmers, and encourage ia «very way settlers to c ultlrate tho soil, and prevent our «ending away annually to a fo.-ciga state a large amount of money (in bullion) tba*, would othcrwhe be circulated In the colony. \- Tho New Ci-.ntlltution, although full of imperfection», which thc new Legislature will have tho power to remedy, I consider a (trj* boon to thc colony, and hope its .provisions will bc carried «rUclnsuch a manner, anti iu such a spirit, that wo will show ourselves worthy ot thc privileges conferred on us. Religion,-I wish to afford to every one that wbioh I desire to eojiy myeelf, a perfeot freedom of conscience, and wish to eec avery perron practlee sincerely that religion which he professe*. Everybody is supposed to belong to some church or other-alt have equal rights, and let them enjoy the ptivilege in the manner moat conducive to their happiness. _ I remalli, Gentlemen, rt^T Tour obedient servant, JOHN ARKINS. TïO THE ELECTORS OF THE CUMHEK1.ANU BOROUGHS,-Gentlemen,-At tho Instance of several of your number, 1 beg to offer myself a« a candidate to represent you Ix thc new Legislative Assembly. In doing 65, however, I assure yon I am not actuated by any t)rosnmpuous, or interested motives, but simply from a desire lo .bo ot some use to the boroughs which I now apprise to represent. Aa ac Australian, I «hal!, if elected, deon» lt both a pleasure and a duty lo.devote my best energies for thc welfare of thin my nativo lani!. In nuking a brief cxposltiouof my views onsubjectsofpublio interest, I may advert (In thc first place) to the New Constitution, *hioh I believe when revised and modified will provo a great boon to titi! colony. With regard to education, 1 am of opinion that there is a great want of efficient teachers, particularly in tho remata districts. I cm opposed ta the wlthdr.-.wal of religious stato support (at least forróme timo to came), being cen vincod that clergymen : in thinly populated parishes would not bo ade- quately remunerated. Upon the subject of railways, I feel con viaoed that thc country must ultimately derive unbounded benefit from tho sam«, and shall support tnt tr extension (wherever p.-aotlcab'.c) through the length and breadth of tho land ; without, luwever. Involving the colony. Io masters of general improvement, such ns the erection cf pu olio iuetitutiosB, repairs of roads and bridges, together with all otha? local subjeota, I recd hardly say, if elected, aball rescivc. my beat and most earnest attention. Economy in tho' expendi- ture of publio money should bc studied; at thc same time tho »prvioea of able, and efficient, officers in all important departments should be recured, and I would not, as a rule, advocate thc ontting down of salaries. My principles aro Ubiral. Ia conclusion, frontlemen, to those amongst you to whom I am unknown I tnr.y arid (and with pVidc) that I am a son of thc soil-a native of this rising oounly, thc boroughs of which I now aspiro to represent-and from my earliest days have been exten- sively and atill ara moat intimately connected with the Btaple In- terest» of the colony, viz., grazing and agriculture. Being thus identified with the gcr.oral adoncctnect of my native land, could I consistently cr coneolentiouily vote against my own .future -wMfarol I pause for a reply-and ans, gentlemen, your obedient sarróaL lUtroat, January 24th, 185G. DAVID BELL. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED COUNTIES OF COOK AND WESTMORELAND. -- Qon tlamcn,-At the request ct a ¿lumber of electors, I have tho honour to offer myself ssa candidato for the representation of vour united counties, in the ensuing election, as ono of thc mem- bers for the Legislativo Assembly. .. ? I feel that ac an Australian I should fuit In ditty to my oountry if 1 declined prsfferlng my . lervlcori at . tho present orisiB, for I am of opinion it is only by tb iso whoso interest*, «tither from, long residence, or tics of fatally an? property, are Identical with our*, tbnt we can bo properly reprcecntcd. It is cot my Intention at present to enter into a detailed expla- nation of my o.inlotte, as I intend personally ti wait (eo far as I aa sblo) npon the electors. I can then better explain them. 1 would, however, briefly allutlo to one or two topics. With reaped to tho Kew Constitution, as now tho law of tho land (though in favour of the elective principle), I am tlispoced to giv«s it a fair trial, and if not found to meet the wants of tho colony Ithall bo ready to rapport a moro useful arrangement In tbcicleotlou cf members for thc Upper House. I ata of oclnicn that r.11 measures calculated to facilitate tho means of transit to anti from the interior should be supported, ns I believe they aro required lo open out nuil dcTclops new eourccj «f wealth to thc colony. With respect to Eduoation-I ehall support all mictmrcfl calcu- lated to rrorcotc tho saute, being of opinion that thc more general riirlueion of knowledge is indispensable to tho welfare of all To nlany of you I am mil kr.own ; I trust I shall receive your Huppert. Bv those with whom 1 am not personally neqiialniei, 1 heme, upon hearing an explanation of my political opinions, to be favourably received. My principles oro liberal, and KhouM yr,u »ta me the honour to erlect me, 1 thill alwayB endeavour to thc lvst of my ublUtlts to advance your local interests, and to support those measures uhich in my opinion tend to promote tl: e welfare . ol the colony. . ? . , 1 bav e tho honour to be, gcntlctaco, Your obedient servant, ROBERT Ï. JAMISON. ormey 8th January, IBM._ 2DNEY MARINE ASSURANCE OFFICE Lyone-bulltlUiga, 152, Georgc-atrcet. Conducted, accoraing to the usaje at Lloyd's, Ey Mr. Samuel H. Smyth Marino Burveyor, Captain Maicom Agent and Marine Surveyor for the Fort of Newcastle, Cap.ain F. Vr". L-.idgo For Auokland, Now Zealand, Captain Alexander Grange. Hour« of attendance from 10 till 4. A tublo cf the rate of premium to be obtained on application at th« Office. H. SMYTH, Lyoue-bulldiBgs, George-street. TO THE ELECTORS of the NORTH RIDING of the COUNTY OF CUMBERLAND. - Gentlemen, Having determined on retirement from tl« approaching ontest for »ho repreeectotlon of tour ccns'ltucney, though 1 cannot, when I consider my own dofecla together with tho number of rc- epictablcnnd hlnbly-qunlified candidates In tho field, suppose such a step on mr port to be ot any serious consequence tither t > tb, public or TrúrselTcs, acd indeed think lt quito pufsiblo many of yi u wonlil ¿ot be at tho trouble to enquire mT"rta»on», yet. f.n thc sake of those who may be intrrcstet in learning th^ir., I think lt Tight »a state catididlv that, bl fore I addreiecd 5 ou, lt had been prorosed that 1 should" solicit tVo tntrrnges of another constilu ei.cy, and that 1 ri Trait ed only fcccau^p it appeared to me that tho cncursgcmcntl rectircd was not tutnclently decided. Now, however, findln* that in tho mean time an active, awd it would seem a succovful, csrv.is* has been oar ried on, Bntl thc meist fa- vourable expectations-I fear far beted my merita-raised on my I t-half by kind friends and supporters in tbo quarter rcfernd to, 1 fcvl bound net to disappoint their wishes and < notts, thc more rartlcu! irlv nt na determínate steps of a similar character liavebe.-n takeu'aith rcfcicneo to roureelves, 1 therefore tnr.o rn? leave, under a stu-o of ar.t'.tut'e' for those cvlder.oea of your prod-will towards me which our brief connexion has already elicited. I cm, Gentlemen, vour obtient servant, WILLIAM FORSTER. Brush Farm, Rydd, February 4, 1856. mu TUE ELECTORS OF TUB COUNl'ï OF IL M ClUl AY .- Gentlemen : If you can overlook tho nat very heinous < ff.-rct of my having airea ly nddtcsscd »I other consti- tuency-from al! coacectlan with which I now finally withdraw I am in hopes you may still bo pt rmailed to accept my services aa your rcpresntuiivc in tho r.ew Farliamcat. 'though I am nssutrd by roy friends that I need not apDrehend fslluio upon thc ground I occupy at present ; yet when I consider tho cumber of resptc'.ab:e canriidatcj soliciting, or, to roy knowledge, about to solicit, thc euff.-tftea of the North Cumbrrlmd electors, I o nnot, for a moment, imagine thc least public inconvenience can accrue, nr, indeed, that thc public serv:c J can bo otherwise thanboncflUd br my removal to another similar sphere of political acion in your c ut tv, where; I continuo tn reoelvo the most flittering criers of support, ard for which, in icjordanoc with thc cxiccta tlots raised ly ny friends in yenrqutrter, I should, uttdoubt edlr, have como f rward In thc first instance, had I quito unicr stood tito favourable feelings I now fled entertained towards mc by an apparent majority of your body. I am not cue of those who regard one constituency as cf more importance than another on tho mere «cora of population or dis- tance from a metrrpolls, and, were I ambitious of populaii'.y, hal rather ntlie wore bisel on liitel'.igenco thin on numbers. As personal t-xt 1 nations ou the above and various other sub jests «111, doubtlets, bc required of me, I propose visiting youl county wheneve: I have notice of your wishes to that effect j anti, ia thc mean time, for a general exposition of my political viewt and principles, which, of course, arc not tl change with thc con stitucrcy, I huvs thc honour to refer yeu to my published aildrcn to thc electors of tho Karin Rilling of Cumberland, as lt appearer in the Sydney Morning Berald ot January 26 h. 28lh, and 23th ; and ia ins Empire ut january 50tb, 3 tat, and February 1st. 1 am, gentlemen, Your obedient servant, WILLIAM FORSTER. Brush Farm, Ryde, Fcbtn-iry 4th, 185C._, rpo THE BLE010RS Ol' THE SYDNEY X. HAM LETS.-Gentlemen,-I have bren strongly urged by many friendly electors to Issue au ads>cr« at onoo and declare myself a candidate for your suffrages, without waiting for thc re- quisition to mo which, I am inlormcd, is in ccmso of signature, lam induced to comply with that request from the knowledge mal by so dom? I shalt be mooting the exprcss»d wishes of many esteemed friends amongst you, who desiro that I should represent you in thc Legislative Assembly. Those of you who have paid attontion to the proceedings of thc present Council, will have formed, by the past, your opinion of thc principles likely to govern say future political life ; but as the sphere of action will b* much cnlargel to the member« of the nsw Parliament, and the power conferred by the electors will be of rsuch higher consequence to th« countrv, lt 1« due to you that I should make yon more fully acquainted with my vlows on tba chief subjects which must eccupy the attention of the new Legi«, tatura. ° Tho requirement of the Colony that prestes mo«t upon all interests is thc means of regular aud expeditious communication with the interior. To sceure thc necessary facilities for the trans- mission or produce of all kinds to Sydney, «nd for enabling us in return to send up the required supplies, I would advocate a cheap but substantial system of railways, as far as such system ein be carried ont against the opposing obstacles of the counter, io con- nection with tramways, and common roads under an efficient ma- nagement. Although 1 am au advocato for railway« of th« best and most solid conrtruotlon, and their completion within tho shortest possible period, at thc same time, lam imprest ed with thc necessity for constant and vigilant cara not to increase Ike publia debt too Vapidly for such a purpose. In a young country like this, the wisest policy would bc to provide tor greu national Im- provements of this charaoter by the »ale and lease of the public laLds, within certain distances of the trunk Unes, which, of coures, would be increased in value by these penetrating lines, of communication, lt wtuld be a fatal error te overbid the colony with a premature national dobt by any attempt to force its ma- terial progress beyond it« capabilities. Our coast and river communication ought to engago tho setious attention of colonial legislator?. Iii vcr s Uko thc Hunter. Bi!» bane, and Shoalhaven, under n proper scientific and well-dlgcatcd system, might bo mado navigable with the greatest rafcty, and be tho means of incalculably increasing the iaipctlanco of the distriota through whish they flow. In carrying out these improvements, however, I am uppwed to the imposition of harassing tonnage, light, and pilot dues, which would bo unjust in prlnolple and in- expedient In their operation on the public Interests. Harbour au t light dues, If ibey ought to exist at nil, should bo exceedingly moderate, and, to keep them so, I consider it would bs soling upon a sound principle to apply tho proceeds arisini from the public land, in meeting, partly, if not entirely, the con of Impor- tant harbour and river improvements-public works which may bc properly clashed with railways in their general utility. I agree with those who thlnlt all local improvements, strictly so called, ought to be entrusted to tho management of local munici- pal bodies ; sud, If elected to tho new Parliament, I shall uso my utmost exertions to obtain a comprehensivo measure of self-go- vernment for our inland towns. Tho land question, whether viewed in Its Immeliate relations, fiscally and toclally,-or I« its political bearing on the progress of thc country, ls one of equal importance and difficulty. If en- countered with firmness, and in a spirit of equity, I think, how- ever, lt can bc settled to tho satisfaction of all, and without inflict- ing injury on any, whose present interests are Involved, and eo as greatly to acoelcrato tho general advancement. The minimum prie? of land should be considerably lowered; the legal process of tran-fer should be rendered cheap and expeditious ; and every facility cenxistent with tho general interest of satiety should be afforded to thc more provident and cnterprsing among the labour- ing class to settle upon tho immense tracts of agricultural land rendered by nature easily accessible U industry, bot kept bv our present regulation?, utterly unproductive. The fallacy which, either from ignorance) or Interested motives, wa« «ought to be en- forced, that He» Mouth Wales is not to a 1 trge extent capable of agricultural occupation, has now been tnoreu jhly exploded by ex- perience; and the new Parliament, as they will Lave the opportu- nity, will also, lt is to bc hoped, bc sustatved iu thc enlightened purpose, to give rapid and full development to the colony's natural apabilitles. I am fully alive to the importance of promoting immigration from the mother country, in which constant attention should be paid equilly to the oharacter o! thc persons introduced and the continuousness and regularity of the supply, so as ta meet tho wanta of the colony,. without creating disappointment to, thc immigrants. Hut I am convinced that a just management of our public lands, with a due regard to all the interests of the colony, would offer inducements for a large voluntary immigration of the most valuable discriptlon of persons from all parts of the world. I am an advocate for such reforms in oar judloial system as ahall give speedy and cheap justice to every man seeking a remedy at law. , r The management of the criminals of a freo country la a inbjtcl which ot late years has much occupied tho attention of the first mint's arcong statesmen and philanthropists, and, should 1 be elected to the Legislative Assembly, 1 shall regatd with great In- terest any measures calculated to make our prisons self- support- ing and reformatory. In religious matters, I am in favour of the voluntary system in all parts where tho population Is sufficiently nameroua to support thc clergy, but in the ¡mere thinly populated districts, I should wish to see tho voluntary contributions of the people aided by some system of endowments. This ls a subject on which I am awarn opinions widely differ, but it is one that demands imme- diate attention. Whatever plan may be adopted, 1 feel confident that in this community so instinct with the spirit of charity and iastlco, no member cf the clergy would have couse of complaint if his congecgatlon wtro fairly charged with the responsibility of providing for bi« support. I I am decidedly in favour of the national system of elucation. As an Australian, I regard tho splendid institution of th* University of Sydney with a feeling cf pride, and I look forward to thc most gratifying results of its teaching in the educated intellect of my oountry. The colleges beginning to spring up around tkis great institution, also redound to the hernour of the colony, but, as a prc . paratory courso of superior instruction is necessary for our youth, In order thal thc bent fits of these higher institutions may be en- joyed by all classes, I would advocate the establishment of public grammar schools in our principal towns. I iopo to see thc means of education extended on a baals so broad and liberal, that the poorest man's child, if be possess Uil-m and the necessary appli- cation, may have the opportunity of taking tho first honours in our nivcraity. I feel sanguine lhat our now Constitution will prove a great blessing to tho colony, notwithstanding its acknowledged dofnot«. Public opinion will ¿all for its carly revision. lam an advocate for tho electivo principle us thc basis of tho Upper House,! ard I think the Assembly would more effiictivcly represent the country, If personal innuenco wcro rendered lees directly operativo in its deliberations by a considerable inorease of its rr.embers. Thc Electoral System of the colony, In my opinion, dcraandB reconstruction, and, in any such change, I should advócalo the 1 apportionment of tko representation with an equal regard to pro- perty and population. Whilst I have had a scat in thc Legislature I have beca a steady advocate for eosnomy in the public expenditure, though I hope I have not been Insensible of the danger of carrying this point too far. and thus impairing the efficiency of the departments. Under the now order ef things, 1 hope ability and the claims of long service alone will bc considered, in filling lituations In the public offices-a principle which, by assuring te all the recogni- tion of merit, would attract men of talent to government employ- ment, ss a safe field for their exertions : and an honourablo dis- tinction.' ! It is now very generally admitted that the existence of political parlies ls necessary to carrying oa fr. c representative government. lt seems to mo that thc English distinctions ef party cannot bc rc-produccd with us, for all those dlctinclloca grew out et circum- stances peculiar to England. Identity of Interest will act upon superior Intelligence more powot fully than tho deductions of theory ; and 1 cannot bot think that any party likely to work out a liberal policy for Australia must bo oomposed ol her native «ons and men who, by long residence in the country, arc interwoven as it were, with her earliest national developments. At alt events 1 beg to be permitted to caution tho constituí ncies against entrust lng their liberties ta the mero " birds of passage," who may seek in Parliament, to long aa it may suit their personal convenience, to gritify their personal ambition, but who, when they acquire wcilth amoDgst us, will leave our ahorC3 to speud it in other countries. ... Tho p-sition of n representative is ono of great honour, but also of great labour and rcsponeibilty, «nd, to bo properly prized by a couVcicntioua man, it must be pojaessed cs tho ríanle of thc free choco of tho constituency.: I trust my motives will bc ccrreclly understood, if I refrain from any personal solicitation of your votes, merely adding that I Bhall bu happy to enter into any further explanation of my principles, whenever I may ba cslled upon to do BC. I have thohonour to be, Q :ntlomcn, Yours faithfully, 8ydncy, January 6. lB5fi._DANIEL COOPER. USTKALIAK MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY.-Important Notice-Tho books of the Society close;onthe Î9th day of February, 1858, for the current scar's \ IAU proposals made before that dato will be entitled to f artlcl nato irt tho profita of thc year, in terms or tho rules of tho Society. At tho last Investigation, tho bonus additions averaged S per cent, per annum on all policies then entitled to participate. ROBERT THOMSON, actuary and secretary. Chicr office a. Mort'e-buildlngs, Pitt- street, December 31,1853. TULÍM-ÍSROIAL. BANKIN li cOaSi'A-'Y vs » j ÜYDNEY.-?oi the convenience cf ccu.oraers ol th!« bank, t£d ol tho Inhabitants al the Southern ptrt e,l tho City, aa office hus thin day beer, opened at No. ofiS, George-street Beut't, ne.ii ii Haymarket, where banking bustnesa In nil lti brauche» will bî cor.dacUid in the carno manner as nt the head alKco of tho Irstl t t'os. BiUs for d'taoonnt, anti comtaunlcattoi.c for th« Board ci ?!ro2torB will bo received at the. Southern oftco, tntll 13 o'clock, tai et thc head otSeo, until 1 o'clock on Tuesdays ana Fridays JOHN TAYLOR» m-mas« *. ByOiiey, 4th July, 116$, ROYAL INSURANCE C,0 MP ANY.-. Capital-Two Million». . Reduction of Twenty-five nor cant, on Premiums. Prcsmt rate» cf Premium«. CLASS 1. Brien OT alone buildings, sloted, metal, or shingled roofs, oconplcl as dwelling or conntlng-houses onlj", from 2s. 3d., ta 5«. 9d. per cent, per annum CLASS 2. Bric!: or stone bulletin**, slated, metal, or shingled roof», ocauplcd for steting merchandise, or 'for purposes of trade, from 3s. 9i. to 9s. per cont, per annum. Household furniture, and non-baaardous gcefe, thc tame rate as the buildings in which they arc deposited. Hazardous got»!» and trades 2r. to Si. per cent, extra. Special risks according to arrangement. Losses adjusted and paid in Sjdnev. SMITH, CaOFT, and Co., agents. Sydney, Sift December, 1855. QYDNEY INSURANCE COMPANY_Notice of Cj? Removal.-Thc Offices of tho above Company havo been re- moved to Ko. S, Biidgc-strcci, cc« George-street, over tho Count Ittg-hcuse and Stores of S. D. Gordon, Esq. J, S. MITCHELL secretary. Mort's-bnlldlngs, January 2nd, ISM. rpHE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE AND J. LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.-25 per cent, Reduction) oa Premiums on Country risks.-The Directors havo resolved that the operation pf tho recent rcduotisn of 29 per cent, os Fire Pre- miums »ball extend to C9untiy Insurances. A. STANGEIl LEATIIE8, Tcsident secretary._; _ YRMONT BRIDGE COMPANY, Incorporated by Act of Council. (Assented to li th December, 1835.) Offices-Lloyd's Chambers, No. SIS. George-street. Capital, £¿0,000, in 10,000 Shares of £5 each. (With power ti Increase to £10o,U00.) DiRXCTOtts : George Allen, Esq., M.L.C., Chairman. R. A. A. Morehead, Esq., Vioe- I John Fairfax, E q. Chalrmau John Taylor, E(q. Walter Beames, Esq. | Avilirons : Davii Jonej, Esq. | A. Slangcr Loathes, Esq. SOLICITOR : George Wigram Alen, Etq. E.NOIXLKR : E. 0. MorUrtv, Esq; Tb« object ot this Corporation 1», By the constrootlon of btldgt and road«, to open direct communScattm between tho heart t Sydney and Pyrmont, tas Glebe and the Parramatta Road, lhere! eont.ecting the wholo of thetc populous and produotivo ditlric with tba business part of Sydney, as well as each with the other by a convenient and gttally shortened rout». Tito Importan', advantages and facilities which 'hecompletic of this undertaking will afford to the public arc, it is believes too obvious to require any detailed explanation, but ecmo of tho may be enumerated as follows 1\. A saving of one-half will bc efTeoted in tho expense of ear ing building stone from the Pyrmont quarries, now the mai sourcoof lupply for thc city. 2\. An easy and direct communication will be established wll the railway terminus, Darling Harbour, 3\. The conveyance to thc olly of meat from the Abattoirs w be greatly facilitated. 4\. Tho inhabitants of Pyrmont will bc enabled ta paw to ai from the ocntre of Sydney, not only more quickly and easily, b at much lower rates than ar« now charged for conveyance by tl ferrie«. 6\. Foot passengers, carriages, and vehicle« of hil kind«, from a to tbs west and south, equally witb th* residents of thc Glebe a places beyond, tamely, Camperdown, Annandale. Lclchhan Dobroyd, Garryowen, Austrnham, Broughton, Elswick, Balma: Gipps Town, Fivo Dosk, Petersham, Sydenham, Norwood,, dr will be enabled te enter and depart fr om the city by a mare agn able and much shorter road thin thc ovcietowded thoraughfai of Parramatta-strcet, and B.lckfield.blll. 6\. Thecltiaenscf Sydney generally will have their means of i creation and exercise mate, i illy Increased by an easy outlet t beautiful Inland walk or diivc While the community «. well as tbs owner« *f property In I localities specified «ball be thus benefited, the Directors anti pile with confidence, that the shareholder* of the Tyrmi Bridge Company will derive a handsome return from their vestment, by moderate tolla upon the tramo above indicated. Applications for shares in the subj -lined form will bs recel' at the Company's OrBcc, Lloyd'« Chambers, George-street, u: notice shall bs given that the lisuo nf a'.ook hts eeascd. THOMAS SHini, Secretary 17th Jansarv. 1855. tO THE CHAIRMAN OF TUE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF TUE PYRMONT BRIDGE COMPANY. 1 rrquest that I mar receive goarra U th« Uirayany. amounting to £ »sd I rt gt ft upon allotment ofeuohshatei belog made to ma to execute the Deed cf Settle- ment, and to pay tao call ot £1 per abare whlob ba« been made, and the remaining part of my proportion et the capital ol the Company as the «ame »hall be nilled for. Name in full Address Date The ab a ve prlntcdform cm bc obtained on application at tho Company'« Otiicea TÎ^TÂNDREW WILSON, fwmerly of Victoria lTI ""rec', Prahran, ii requested to communicate with Mr». MAULEHOSK, Frahran, Post Office, regarding the property sjll by him to her. Q HIP CONSTITUHON. - Mif3 ELIZABETH . Cl WEBB, write to C. M., Thistle Cottage, Queentbcrry-atrcct I North, Melbourne. 1 ONE HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. Whereas FREDERIC CLAY, lately a Clerk in this B»ok, whose description i . underwritten, stand« charged with Forgery, and a warrant hu ben issued for bis reprehension: Thia ls to notify tbat a reward of £100 will be given to any perton who ?hall bo the mean« of apprehending and lodglrg In' cafe custody the »sid Frederic Clsy. D; script on of thc abovementioned Frcdrrio Cby. Ace, about 20 Height, about 5 feet G inches Round full fie?, snub noee Blight moustache D.rk penetrating eye» Straight dsrk hair Robust eotive flture. . , . . Rather round shouldered Was last seen in the mall from Melbourne to the Ovens, and wa« then attired In a dark blue jumper, with bett,'cabbage-tree kat, and blue veil. He wa« In company with J. J. Meaburn. (Signed) . J. BLACKWOOD, Manager. Melbourne Branch Union Bank of Australia, 7th January, 1856. - fjUFTY POUNDS REWARD-LOST, from Lindsay, Gwydir River, a Bav Horse, long white streak daw« thc face, eight yea»» old, very powerful, goes well io har nets, branded BY on the near shoulder; bred by Mr. Busby, o Csssilli; lately a oirrlsge horse of Mr. Barker. In Svdney Whoever will restore tho enid horse to the owner shall be' paid reward of Ten Pounds; it stolen. Fifty Pounds will bc paid ci conviction of thc offender. E. T. ltTJSDEN. December 15, IBes pr KEWARD.-Stolen or Strayed frrom a Pad Xrfl doot nt Newtown, January 27th, a oay Gilding, aboutl5 hands high, branded TS under saddle on sear «boulder. If stolen, the above reward will t c paid on coavlctloa of the thief or thieves, or if strayed, oso pound on delivery of the »ame to ALEX A.N DER WEEKS, Newtown. N.B.-Supposed to bs stolen. LOST, between Lyon«' .terrace «nd the Union Bank cf Australia, a Bill, 'dated London, 28th September, 1855, at CO days' sight, for £949 5i. Od., accepted and due at th« Bank of New South wale« soth March, 1856, Whoever will return th« same to the Union Bank of Australia will ba icwarded. Sydney, 17th January. 1856. _ j , . , ; _ LOST, on Saturday, the 2nd inatant, a small White Terrier D«g. Whoever will hriog him to Mr. DANIELL, Dar.lng Point Road, shall be rewarded. 4th February, 1854. KOUND, a Black Newfoundland Dog : the owner can have lt by paying expenses, and applying at the corner william and Palmer «treets. Woolloomooloo. . NOTICE is hereby given that by Indenture of Assignment bearing date the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six made between Thomas Frederick Fitzsimmons Jones of Parramatta in the colony of New South Wales professor of music of the first part George Doust of Parramatta aforesaid draper and Richard Harper, of the same place pork butcher two of the creditors of the said Thomas Frederick Fitzsimmons Jones and trustees for the purposes there- after mentioned of the second part and the several other persons whose names are thereunder written and seals affixed respectively creditors of the said Thomas Frederick Fitzsimmons Jones of the third part. The said Thomas Frederick Fitzsimmons Jones did assign all the debts sum and sums of money household goods fur- niture and effects of every description (except as therein men- tioned) of him the said Thomas Frederick Fitzsimmons Jones for the benefit of all the creditors of the said Thomas Frederick Fitz- simmons Jones and that the said indenture was duly executed by the said Thomas Frederick Fitzsimmons Jones and the said trust- tees and attested according to the provisions of a certain Act of the Governor and Council passed in the fifth year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria intituted "An Act for the further amendment of the law and for the better advancement of justice !' and an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of her said Ma- jesty intituled "An Act to amend an Act Intituled an Act for giving relief to Insolvent persons and providing for the admini- stration of Insolvent Estates and to abolish imprisonment for Debt " And the said Indenture is now lying at thc office of Mr. John Morton Gould Church-street Parramatta solicitor for inspec- tion and signature. Dated this first day of February A.D. 1856. T. F.F. JONES. G. DOUST. RICD. HARPER. Signed in the presence of JAMES BYRNES J.P. OUCB.-Whereas, there have been two Hones, of tho following deserlpUens, running on my run for the I lott six months, apparently alraycd :-One black horse, star In I forehead, platted mane, branded Al noar ahouldor ; one bay horse, I pigeon toed, star in forehead, branded JQ off shoulder, like JC ' I conjoined over MD near shoulder. If not removed or claimed [ within two me.nthe. ihey * ill be sold to pay expenses. JOHN STEVENSON, Dunuykycminr, Castlereagh River, near Mondoraa, January 58. i OTICE-The agents (if any) of Messrs. DE3 GltAND, PERE, et FILS, ot Paris, merchant«, nt« hereby requested to oomrasnlcato with Mr. Beaton, on board thc 1 Arthur, now lying in'the barbour, to arrange with bim for con veyarceof oirgo hence to Bordeaux, (Fiance,) by that ve««el, which arrived hore on the evening of Thursday last, 31st ultimo, aeording to terms of charter-party, dated 16th of August, 1855, a copy 'f wbloh is in his hand«. Sydney, Febinary Inj, 1850. NOTICE.-Leo agents (s'il yen a) Jde Messrs. DEdGRAND, püRE, ct FILS do Paris, négociants, rent j requis de communiquer avec H.- Beeron, it bord de l'Arthun, | maintenant en rode, «Un do aVtitcndrc pour ls transport ù'nrc j Cirgaisson .\ Bndenux, {France,) par In navire Arthur, arrive; iel Jeudi soir, 31 Janvier, en consequH Cï dela cborto-partie, dntOo lc 16 Août, 38Í5, dont copie so trouve entre les mains de M. Beeton. Sydney, 2nd Fcvrior, 1816. '_ T%T OTIC Ê7-I have this day admitted' Mr. X ALFRED SCHRODER a pcrtRcr in my business, which will bc carried on under the style of "Mortyn and Schroder." CHAS. MARTYN, Horse and Carriage Bazaar. Ht JanutJy, 18!6.____, NORTH SHORE STEAM FERRY Company. Tenders arc required for the buildlne of a Steam Ferry Dost, similar in ccnilruclion to tho Herald, but to bo of wood, «heulhea with copper, and u pair of engines. Plans and specliloalions for the hull anti machinery separate, or for a suitable boat completo, to bo delivered to the master on boord tho Herald, on or before tito 16th February, addressed to the Dirf otora of the Company._ rpo PAINTERS nnd Paperhangers.-Tendera are B required far varnishing, paiuting, »nd papering thc boure known ns Granlharavlllc, at Wooloomooloo. For particulars applvto HILLY, LAMBETH, and MANSFIELD, archttcots,.2_, Fitt-'.'trcct. February 4, 1850._ TOPAINTERS and others.-Tenders are required for painting and o'.her repairs at the Australian'Club. Specification io be teen oa application to Mv. EDMUND l. BLACKET, JIortV-rulMtngs, to whom tenders sra to bo addressed on or before MO M DAY, February lltb. Tho Committee will not be bound to accept any teni« nuit:» perltetly satisfactory. THE EYE8IGHT.- Mr. DE DISSA, from Losdoa, in connection with tho celebrated' dcm of 8; ¿nd B.Solomon«, opticians and realists to tho Koyal fatallv, if Albs mar|p-..trrot, rjceadllly. The optical Improvements miido by ibis firm enable periOOB in advanced aire, as well as tho young, to read with ease, and to discriminate tho minutest objects with perfect distinctness. Their lenses have tho mott v.tlu-.b'.o advantage over spcctsclei now in oommoa usf, that instead ol thc vUl.m boco -n lng stralnéd; heated, or weakened, it is preserved and strccth eneil. Their giacsesaro slightly tinted bj u valuable precess, known only to themeelver, nr.d keep tho eye In i.» required tem- perature, . Tsletcopcs, microscopes, race glasses, double-and «ingle operas, of most extensive power. Also avery smattpow crful vraistco.it pocket glass, tin size of a walnut, to discern ob- jects. f9r milej-most invaluable to tho sportsman, tourist, or stockman. (QT Objerve tho uamo and addrrss-Mr. DE LISSA, op- tician and oculist, 8ti, Castiercagh-strcct, b:tw«ca Kiag sud Market streets. At home from 10 till 6. TDK GUElT~rÜÍÜFIER of the BLOÔD~al7d ".v,,JNVIQ0RAT0R of tho SYSTEM-SHAW< COMPOUND FLUID K.YWlAOr of 'SARSAPARILLA (prepared from the finest - Jatnsict Sarsaparilla, lu conjunction with exotic herbs, roots, and flower« cf great medicinal properties) is a certain an! speedy health-restorer in tho varied ?< lils that flesh is heir to." lt acts directly or. tho blood, nnd drives all Impurities from tho svetom with almo-t eleatric velocity. 6old in bottles, price Qa. Cd. and 5s. W. SHAW and CO., Mcdlcil Dt\0 -, No. 72, Pitt-street. THE NEW ANNUAL S FOR IS5fJ7^ J. Thu Court Album, contaluinga scries of Porlralts o! thc Fsmaic Aristocracy, elegantly bound Tho Keopaike, beautifully flni.'hed engraving Jullion'a Mu-loal Album Kcarslc?'« Gentleman and Trado'tnau's Lidiar Marshill's Gentleman's 1'jcket Book Punoh's Pocket Book. : f_ W. R. PinniNGTON. Oeor^e-strcot. ' IL LUSTRA'JED LONDON NEWS.-November ' Tirt: Subscribers supplied lu town or eouttrr. W.R. DDINQTON, Georga- strcel._' PUNCH.-November Part. Subscribers supplied In town or country. Illustrated Times, November Part. W. R. PIDDINGTON, GoorgCstrcot. DAGUERREOTYPE PORTRAITS in morocco cases. IO*. ; lockets, 15s. GREEN, 41, King-street East. ANGUAGES.-French, Latin; (ind Greek. Mon J sieur DE LOLLE, Professor, 43, Pitt-otrect North. MISS COLDHAM, Teaoher of Pianoforte nnd Guitar. Terms, per quarter, Ct gs. : at tho rcsldcnco of tho pupil, £1 3s. 37A, Yuronit-stroet, Hyde Park. M K. GOLD3CHMID T.-Coins and Bunions perfectly cured, 39, Batburst-Urcct West, Sydney. M R. J". EMANUEL, Dentist (established in Sydney 18»), 181. George-street, near the Empire Office. REMOVAL.-The Oflitet of the undersigned hayo been Removed from 322, Gorgf-stroet, to Wynyard-street, Icimidlaloly opposite tho Bink of New South Wales. SPAIN and YOUNG. EEMOVAL.-Messrs. WILKINSON, BRO ,- TÜ1.R8. and CO. have removed to tho premise« lately occupied by W illlam Walker and Co., and known as Walk«i's Wharf, Fort-«treeU Sydney, 2nd Fcbrnary. I8JB. O THE LADIES.-Mr. DEEPER, hairdresser, 155, Georgc-<trcet, opposite Exehaoge Hotel, ha« just re- ceived, per Jame« Bjcth, a »election of HAIR BANDS and HilR PLAIT8. A few splendid tortoiseshell stn»ll tooth : »nd gent's pooVet combs. Also an assortment of imitation tortoiseshell goods, the best simple ever Imparted, togethar with buffalo back». CONSULATE of THE UNITED 8TATES. Sydney, 2nd February, 1850.-Thc Oraoesi of th« above Censúate arc removed to Walker'« Wharf, Fort street. "VTOTICE of REMOVAL.-The' undersigned have 1 w the pleasure to inform their friend» and tho publia that they have removed from the premises in 119, Gocrge-.itrcet, to their sew stores in Pitt-street, eppos'.te thoTJoloa Bank. LKVICKB ar.d PIPER. Sydney, 10th December. 1855. REMOVAL.-The Australian Joint Stock Bank karo removed to their now premises. No, 282, George street, nearly opposite King-street. Sydney, Slst December, 1855. ANK POST BILLS at Three Sra or Twelve months dat«, with Interest addodat the rate of S, 4, or5 per cent, per annnm, according to their currency, may be had In sueh even sums a« required, from £5 and upwards, on application at the Austr»lian Joint 8ioak Bsnt EDWARD WRENCH, Manager. YDNEY GALLERY OF PHOTOGRAPHIC ART, next door but one to tho Post OsHoc-Coloured Da- guerreotype and Cotlodbtypo Pottrslts tuxen dally in a «paoicus »kyilght room, in any» eather. FREEMAN, BROTHERS. /CRAYON COLLODIOTYPE PORTRAITS. \J Tho public are invited to view tites» exqulsif ly beautiful and entirely novel specimens of Photographic p >rtralture. They ca» bo when on an unnsnallv large »cale, and possess tho delioicy and vivid tone« of tho most liljhly.flnlshed crayon or water colour portraits, and, beleg free from glare, cm be aeon In nny Hunt. Hvdney G»llery of Photographic Art, next door but one to the Post Office. FREEMAN, BROTHERS. MR. J. E. SMYTH, Practical Dentist (for roany years assistant to Mr. Bellsarlo).-Mineral teeth of every natural ahade and variety, from one to n oomplctc set, carefully flited on tho most approved English «nd Americin systems. Teeth extracted with thc latest irop-ovrd instrumtn's. ñeesyed teeth »topped with'gold leaf, and tho very beat cement« used fir largo cavities. Children's teeth regulated. N.B.-Teeth ex- tracted gratis from 9 to 10 a.m., and advico given at any hour. No. 19, O'Conncll- itreet. NOTICE.-MR. J. E. SMYTH removed to 19, O'Conne M.street. S^KELLATAR, MUSAVE Ll^Öl)K^-f o all whom it may cjuoern-NotlcB is hereby given, that in consequence or tho many irregularities practised by tho Proprietors of StccV, heretofore allowed to graze OB this F.«tate, that from and after the Slat March next, no Stock of any kind will be permitted to graze on Skellatar, unless noon special arrangement made with tho P o» prletor. Ali ptrsons Interested, arc required tn take notice and be guided accordingly. GEORGE BOWMAN. January 28 h, 1850. 'IAMA.-ROBERT STOBO begs to acquaint . _ _. , viators to Kiama, tbat he- ba« opened a largo House fronting the Bay, a« a Private Boarding Establishment, eamblnlrg tho conveniences of a first-class Hotel with the quiet and contort of a private residence. Suites of apartments for families, with or without board. Term», moderate. Kiama, December 6. rpHB LADIES OP SYDNEY are respectfully J. Invited to attend to tho following :-Tko advertiser, bevin» I just received a consignment of «rood«, consistió» of tho richest «ilks, satins, shawla. dresses, and lace goods, . which must bo sold imraedintcly, he will bs able tc cff.tr them at exceedingly low prions, regardless of cost. Ladies need only Inspect these goods to bs thoroughly con- vinced of their positive cheapness. Salo for three weeks only, to oommence OB WEDNESDAY, the 6th testant. No. 320, Georgc-ttreet, nearly opposite the Royal Hotel. ICH SILKS, Shawl», Dresses, and Lace Goods, at far below Enillth coat. No. 310, Georgo strcet. Bale to eommence on WKDNESDAV n»xt, the 6th instant. JOHN BERNA8CONI, after returning hts warmest acknowledgment* for the very extensive patronago bestowed on him in hi« business as carver, gilder,-and ple'.ure frame manu- facturer, bf gs to inform his kin«! patron» and tbc public gene- rally, some of wbem he finds by their enquiries imagine that he has removed, that notwiihstandlng tho <il«continu*nec of tho partnership heretofore existing between himself and another, J. B. still continues hts business in tho old »Sop, No. 127, Pitt street, near Market-street ;. whera all parties honouring him with orders may rely on their work being performed In a superior and workmanlike) manner, and atvary moderato charge*. J.B., from tho invariable satisfaction expressed by his nume- rous employer», feels oonüdr-nt nf a continuance of thi'lr oastom. líele now-enabled to undcrtako tho «livering of looking-glass plates,from f 0 x 40 downward-1, and at .very low.rates. N. Ï,'.' Country orders punctually attended to, and nil gooda packed with tho greatest care to ensure their sate carriago to , the interior._____ fT'AURLE 8PARS ON SALE.-The entire cargo IV of tho bereue Anthracite, from Klapara, now landing at tbeSaw Mills. JAMES COOK. _ . ON SALE, at the Stores of the undersigned Now lauding- .'. I Lead pipe, 14, J, 3, in 6) feet Ladles* winter ol:aka and lengths mantles ! 50 gross super mouthed soia Cotton ticks, worsted plaids . water bottles Casks cruets, In frames Sardines, i sad J Diggers' strong leathor belts Felt hats, lu cases T-.rtarlc acid, jars Ivory and rack combs ' G casks tall ale glasses, cat Hogsheads atid cases felaes 10 hogsheads sodawater bottles Cases drapery, clothing Hair brushes in variety Children's plaid drosses 1 case assorted jewellery Ladles' and children's boots and 20 easescnt wine glasses «hoe« . 1 case cor csrtinas 1 ease Colt's revolvers 100 cases Bryant and Davis' Casks plated ware bottled beer, cheap for cash. Eísenco of lemon (<enulne) , . J. G. KAPIIAKL, 001, Lower George-street (North). . February 4th, 1S5S. -. ,_;_ P' ÀTENT' ROOFING Felt. BEAUMONT and WALLER, Castlereagh-streot._. OW LANDÎNG, ex Emperor nnd James Booth ; and on SALK by JAMES POWELL, wheelwright, George street, Brickfleli-bill. Bar, rouse, square, anä 11 it Iron Howe shoo iron Bevelled Iron for otocko, all of tho b«st brands Axle-trees, blocks, various, with boxes to ll», and plough-sbaro moulds, Abbott and Fo: stet's brand«. Also, dally oxpeoted, invoices of other Iron by vaticut arrivals, which will,be sold os reasonable as any house In town._ 1' AUNDRY, 12, Judge-Btreet, Woolloomooloo, -i Family, Ss. per tlczen; mlxcä, 4s. ditto; all ebirls, 5s. unió. N. ll. Thu highest satisfaction, or I») char^y._ f/OR SALE, an Allotment ot Land at Redfern, 27 1 P feet frontage, by 100 feet deep fenced in, n good gardrn ar d and a capital a ell of water. For pattloulara enquire «. SAUNDERS, Tn-ncr- strect, Redfern._ HOLES ALE and Country Buyers of Roots and Shoos ore directed to COCK-t and HUNT'S, Gcorge-strcct. RAN.-21) tons for SALE. J. C. and G. DIBBS, 177, Ocorge-strcet._ SHINGLES end BOARDS, i inch, for SALE. J. C. end G. DIBBS, 177, Georgo-striet. AWWIEK, LAST "WEEK.-Last "Week! of the Great Cleariug Oat at thc Cocmopellan, CO, Klng-Blrcot, UËNJAMIN LAZAltUS «nd CO. PRICES. Mcu's suits of bloclt clcth . . .* I g » Men's miinmor coats ... . . n S n Men's Bummer vena. -nit Men's summer trcuccro . « J J hoyt'suits of blnot cloth . ¡Í Boye' summer drefsrs. ., ...... ' Kcmemb,r. tho last wcok fr.r tho great bargains at tho Cosme pellatT.OT, Kinv-strcet. BENJAMIN L^ZiRUS and CO., the People's Clothiers. I Ti1 OR SALK, a desirable Family Rrt.ider.se, in P Crown-street, Berry Hills (at present occupied by Mts. I CnarleB Mitchell), containing- seven rooms, store and panfy, du 1 tachod kitchen, well ol water, gool yard, stable, coaot-uouee, a-.ü 1 large paddock.' Thu house ls in csosllent MP^^'l^ can be given on an early dav. Apyly to ALi USD H\ ÍQUELV, 1 Btldgc-stuot, : TirOLLONOONG.-Clara Cottage Boarding '. » T Horse,'- Mrs. MARSHALL begs to Inform tko inhabitants »nd ?¡«llora of Wollongong that in» ha« oponed a boarding- house in tho vicinity. Thc house ls situated tn a most healthy part, oommanding a view of the asa and surrounding scenery, offvrs to person*, desirous rf a quiet home, every advantage. Mr» M. hopes, by nor attention and modorata terms, to obtain a liberal patronage. rLLUSTll.VlBU LONDON NEWS.-WAUGH 1 and COX have just received the new part of tho ILLUJ TRATKU LONDON NEWS, Nr October 1st,, containing lato views from tho soat of wir, a continuation nf tho views of the Queen'.! -visit to Paris, and other subjects of Interest. Tho fol- lowing la n list of some of tho views : - *' Thc Mottir Battery Moro Sveaborg." " Tbe Bombardment of Rveaborg," " Croat's Cimp ot Balaclava," " Two Views of thc Bittl? of th» Tchernaya," "Llkoues« of General Bo»quot,tho Captor of tho Malashoff," "Tho Malakhoff Tower," "Thc Fronoh Camp at Kamlcsth," « Burning of tho Guu-bo»t Sheds," "Attack on Freilerlekshuno," " Txo Fall of Sebastopol, Culture of thc Malakhoff Towor," largo plate, " Rmslan Frigate on Fire," " Kort Alexinder on Fire," " French Funeral at Sen," " Sketch of tho Vuner.il of tho lalo Lord Raglan^' » Tba Exhibi- tion nt Paris," " FirewcrkB at Versailles," "Tho Imperial Guard at the Champ da M.ITS," " View of tho Louvre and Rue do Rivoli," «' Departure of her Majesty from Pans." The nbovo part of tho London Jfiws Ss the most interesting number ever yet isiued, and many thousand adiltional cumbers have been sold in England. Trice, for the part complete, five »hUllnes, ««nt per post free on receipt of (Ivo and sixpence lu postage stamp«. Subscrlptlen to Xwirfon News In town...£1 5 0 Ditto ditto, by post. 2 10 0 For. 52 Numbers. WAUGH and COX, Agent«. Ill, George-street._? YALKNTINES. Valentines. - WAUGH and COX hove just received a lirgc quantity of Now Valentines. For tho convenience of country stores, they have made up piesa ges often shillings-one at twa pounds, assorted. WAUGH and COX, 111. George-street. OTICEJTO FARMERS.-The undersigned beg to call the attontloaof farmers to th« great advantigcs to be obtalnod by the growth of Cape barley in tho place of English barley. The groat prejudlco which has alway« exlslol in this colony »gaiast tho growth of Cope barloy for milting purposes having been proved, to a certain extent, groundless, tho following mani- fest advantages may bo lookjd for by tho producer« of Cape barley lu preference to Kngllsh : - Thc grain being of a mote hardy nature, the erop Is moro certain, Tho yield is ranch larger. It ls of quicker growth, and not «o «ubj'ot ta shed. The stalk being straight and string, 1« much readier ' reaped. It oomo- off muoh rooncr than a wheat crop, enabling tho firmer to engage hi« hand« previous to the comraencs mtnt of acneral harvest, ana also giving him an early opportunity of planting malz?. Tho best month for »swine Capo barloy teing about June, thc crop would be flt for reaplntr about the end of Octobor, tlipenduig on thc quality of thc land and locality as regiréis «ted time. The undesigned, viewing the subject as likely to provo ol mutuat advantage both to farmers and brewers, arc anxious to alford growers an opportunity of giving tho msttcr a fair trial, and will tupply them with barley (for seed purpose« only) of thc description named, at 4s. (four Shilling*«) per bushel, acd at thc samo time are quite ready at once to enter into contract« tc take the rroduce of the ensuing crop at a fixed rate or to chance th« market. They aro now ready to purcbaso barley In any quantities. WILLIAM CLARKS AND CO., Australian Brewery, Georgs and Bathurst streets, Sydney. NOTICE, Notice.-M. JEWELL, 50, King-itreet, watchmaker and . J sweller, being »bout to retire from the bùfinees. begs to'Inform icc publlo that the whole of thc vsluable rtoek will be sold off at a great saoriflce, consisting of ga'.d and silver watcha*. g.Md and silver guard», alberts, aaa neck chains ; ladiea* gold brooches, earring*, brilliant, ruby, emerald, and othet gem rings; signet rings, wedding and keeper rings, la.ies' com- panions, gold pencil-cases shirt studs, »cal«, key«, &.»., etc Silver plats-spoons and fork», cups, knives, lark and »poon cases, tea sets, salt«, children's mu«», in. Plated goods Tea sets, eruct frames, liquor fra -c, c-.kc basket», candlesticks, «surf-r« ard trays, *o, ftc. The whole will bs disposed of re eardlese of cost. Open on Monday morning. Observe the No, 55, King-street. N B.-Thc shop to Ve LET, lt is handsomely fitted up, with piste glass fr.int, well suited for »ny fanoy business. rpAILORING, CLOTHING] áñd GENERAL 1 OUTFITTING ESTABLISHMENT. Wholtsalo and Retail, 135, Geortc-atrect, Sydney, opposite th« London Chartered Bank of Australis.-The undersigned, having reeeatly returned from England, and having in London nado a »election of choice goods, rrapeotfally announces his ro- oommencement of business In those eligibly situated «sd espacióos premises formerly occupied by Mr, Iraso Levy, between Hunter axd Bridge street», and nearly oppo- site Jamlaac-stroct. Thc undersigned has much pleasure in stating bc ha» obtained thc able co-operation of Mr. ROBERT JON ES, of thc late firm of Broughton and Jone», a» also of Jones, Smith, and Curtis«, and confidently hopes for the favours ol their former patrons, who will ftcl assured thst from their exten- sive and practical experience, " being something other than amateur tallots," clothes from their hands will be found fulls equal to those of the most eminent London houser. In a-Mitton to thc tailoring business the atdorsigned will always have a large and well selected stock of gentlemen'« wearing appsrcl, read] made. English and Colonial, of a very »npcrlor description ; as also Christi's best hate, cloth capa,«hirt»,braces, neckties,handker- chiefs, Ac. ¿rc. Ladle«' riding habits made in tb« most " recherche" e yle ; military and naval uniforms to the last regulation ; clergy- men's and barristers' robra in a superior manner. Th« businrsi will be conducted on thc principles of "? ready money payment«,' and cemmensnrata prise* charged. NOAH. BUSHBY. Januar] ;9ib, 1656._._ TO TAILORS. -For the especial use of th« " artistes" of the trade, thc undersigned has brought witt him from London, " Crayons" of thc finest quality, In botss con ta'nlogone gross each, assorted colours. A beautiful lot ol Messrs. Thomas Wilkinson and Son'« Patent Shears, They ari warrante J the beat qu illly that can be made, and the most useful »'z;s wire «elected at the manufactory at Sheffield ; he has, alic sonto " box-woo4 squares," of a «uperlcr dereriatloa, m»de te order, «mue graduated measures, plates of farhfon, fta. NOAH BUSHBY, No. 133, George-street, opposite tba Lindon CharteteJ Btnfc. _? . PIANOFORTES (by George Murphy, London). ' -A email assortment ot George Murphy's cholo* rosewoc«! and walnut cottage and scmi-colt*gc pianofortes, just received es Granite City, for SALE. Apply to Mr. HORACE WOOLNOUGH Gregory, Cnbitt, «ad Co., »10, Gesrge-street._ KIRKMAN and SONS' PIANOFORTES.-Or SALK at the storeaof tho undersigned, a few supcrioi ottutre pianofortes of tko above eminent makers, KIKCHNEI nd CO., 1, Wynyard-streel._ .ITT OLLONGONG. - E. JOHNSON (late o YT Sydney) begs to Inform families and parties visiting tbl beautiful district-" thc Brighton of Australia"-that bo has sue eecded Mr. Howell in the .' Black Swan Family Hotel," which hiving been re-furnished, will,'he trusts, bc found replete wltl every comfort an* convenience. In addition to an experisncoi cook, wince, spirits, and beera of the best brands and first qualit; have been scoured, and no exertion will be spared by the proprie tor to e ve satisfaction to those who may kindly patron!»!) bl establishment-BLACK »WAN FAMILY HOTEL, ILLAWARRA N.B.-Good »tabling._ EW 8ILVK.R PLATE, iii forks and spoons, o the Victoria, Koh-i-noor, and Paxton patterns. A'etc one of the«« varieties formo an elegant wedding present, BRUS1 and MACDONNELL._._ ON SALE, the Berth Fitting» and Surplus Store» o ike ship BEE, lylng>t Moori?* Wharf. Apply to Capt»! RAISBECK, cn board; or te BR1KULEY, DEAN, ana CO BusMx-street. .?' "_ TO'ËNGÎNEERS, MILLERS, and others.-Fo SALE, à very «nperlor 12-hor«e power high-pre«surcStoat Engine, with boiler, complete. Also a Flour Mill, with tw pairs of 9 feet French burr stones, with patent dressing englni and smut-machine of thc newest and most approved constructlot The abjve engine and mill have just' becu landed, ex Heli Baird, and will bc sold olthor together or separately. Apply lo I TOWNS, antLCO. Tewni,' Wharf, January 28,1B56. 2£ AAA BEST BANGOR SLATES, Deal Bal O'UUU tea«, cheap. GOODLET and CO., 22, Ershine-at fr A AAA FEET FLOORING, clear Pine an U\\)>\J\ßJ Lining, cheap. GOOOLET and CO., Kr«klne-at. 1 AA CASKS PL-STER, Cement, Lath», an IS )\J Pickets, cheap. GOODLET and CO., 22, Ersklno-strei PT AA DOORS and Glazed Windows, Palings an t)UU ShiKglos, cheap. GOODLET ana CO , 22, Ersklnc-st. T~ UCKlNJrTSEEDT fresh as imported, warranted ' l_J grow. PERRI* «nd ARKINS, Fitt-Jtrtct, tear tl Theatre. _ :_' . AMERICAN COORING STOVES.-The untie »Igned has just received a largs assortment of'thc newe and most approved makes of the above domestic article, from .tpwards. Also, Iron >edste_dj ' Wood and cane scated chaira, 1 doïca caso» Children's chairs, high and low Clocks, in great variety, kalf-dor.en ossa* Tube In nests! fi and b . Painted buckota Ko:kîng chaira Flour tubs Brooms Nost boxes Clothes baskets, nest of fonr Sofas and sofa beds. Orders from , tbs country punctually attended to. Libe aCowanco to wholesale buyers. SAMUEL nKnBLF.WTnTB. 100. York-«trcet X DRAGON, from Shanghai. Just receivi thc following assortment of tine tea« - 1IS3 chests best cougou 1621 half ditto ditto 900 boxes ditto ditto ' 200 chests Uno twankay 712 half ditto ditto ditto 500 boxe« ditto ditto. , _ LAMB, SPRY, and CO ARDEN and FIELD SEEDS.-A choice varii of cabbage, Icttuoo, turnip, onion, carrot, pea, clover, i other eeedo, tc.be bad ut JOHN WALKER and SON'S, York i Mürkot stricts. Just received, a shipment of flr»t-r»tc Luci 6Ctd. _ ;_? _ ^N SALE, in quantities to suit trade p LÍ Aaa Leghorn halt-soys', men's, and adios' Talm-loaf hal«, ditto Tuscan hats, ditto Klruir hnls Leghorn, tu¡cau, luton, whole duustable, brown,'.black, black and-white straw, and various Swire, and mourning fancy straw and bleck sewn chip bcnncti, In girls', w noon's, and out-sisoil womtn'ssizca, niau tuscan and chip piala ig Swiss straw trim nilnirs, willow ahaprs ana ouadriee, OREGOUY, CUUIrr, and CO., British nad foreign stTaw hat and plait manufacturero and importera, 216, Gocrrrc-strcet, Sydney (between King and Hunter strcetsl, and nt 15, Aldcrmanbury, London. INliAPPLES, riNK_FPl_S. - Orders (BC ompanied by icmH'.anecs) promptly attended to by A. J. HOCKING^, brisbane. Moreton Bay. Y}ERUVIAN GUANO, of the best quality, for IT PALE, by_F. W. CLAKKE and CO., Quccn's-placp, _ 5 ONDOÑ WATCHES, of the beat '"description i_J su't:iblo fori indies or goulcincn. BHUSI1 and MAC- DONNELL. A BEAUTIFUL ASSUlVMBNI' of thc new ¿\ Girrasn Bead V.'ork, with patterns nnd bosels for mats, basket?, candia ornament', ami other elegant orimmcnu fot tbs ûr»wlng-ï«mjui; Vi, KEADIKG'S, JOO, acorgo.stmt. REEL COTTON, toual t0 Silk VT T3AM RUSH »nd CO., respectruMv iZJiïl.v," WA-»" -, tfladlee to a very superior quV t,"7 H«l ^ "n ° &. »"'«o« ll * turor« of thia lowing Cotton «re the «ue«V.Z\Jho QM,'«* f ' the Exhibition Medal ïn LondonTod Par?Í WALTHift»^ ^ and CO. have no hesitation In «tatlog thia ReeTcotlon i ?ÜSH * superior to any other, In I, ot, equal to »ilk_ao nth.; ?.l? bt '« '< In Fngland nt the present timo!1 Sold aC u £ft? «?«?« 1 Çira» on each reel. Ask for tho Glac« Recl Vl_n W?T"¿^!W l'í RUSH and CO., 8? «nd 83. Pitt-«tr*et. .'?WUTH*'< * f ¡3 ICE STRAW BONÑÉl'Syln'gi^ , f til «mall-omen's sires. Ladles' fanov bonn*!. * .! ' ^ fashion, ON SALE tn small package', at theÍ store, ôf r r,T Ut,,t Cü,r,lJT, and t:o., manufacturers andim^rto?ot ¡SIÍ*ím> ' andres, 216, Gcorccstrcet, Sydney. SEHLIS HOUSE, lCrjT^r^^T--~r .toek of Fronoh Embroidery Work, draw» on ,nV ' ' rs, »leeres handkerchiefs, and borderh,!t oa" 01m,bri« to : , READING'S. Í60, Gc»rgcstrcet. °°racrs' ¡aít °Penea «tw, ALARGE STOCK of Berlin Wool "îTTT variety of shades, Berlin pattern" nilntlt 81,11 boox markers, «Ilks,, oánvnscs, fte *î Pil , 00 ."»TU, READING'S, ina. Qcorge-street. ' *°" J°8t °P*Md «,»! . : TMPORTANT NOTICEi-BoverkTlî^^.T > V Pitt-street, late G. C. Tutiniand rl^L m?-se» "8. i? Clearing Sale. The proprietor., haîw T*rp>,i 1 signée, the whole of the stock of thc Uto IZOWCTM^, Company, at half the original' cost,- h«v«_temiTj . J5 J*1 ? clearing sale for thirty cSya enly, dwin« w"Äd. ,ï-ho1 of the sioek. consisting of silks .hail? mintV. Ví° ^ barege, muslins, print«? drapery, ho.lory hatedïii.^11.1^ and nti lluc.y goods, ftc!, will * M^*^tÏÏ!8ÛSfa ' low prices. Open frcm 10 to 0, extraorduijij ¡ SEVERLBY^HOUSE, 120, Pitt-street,laTeTc < Tuting and Company.-Tke immense stock of »i»?'ia mina la being «.id off at prices ncvor tar«i Ï1* ."«. Beverley Houss, KO, Pitt-street. heai BEVBRLEY HOUSE, 120, Pitt;street, late G. C * Tuting and Company.-Mantle department,-Thlslargejej " superb stock, con«lstlng of velvets, motre antique, lace, ana cloth mantles ls being «old off at about half-price. Severity Hoon 120, Pitt-street._ ' : BEVBHLEY HOUSE, 120, Pitt-street, late G~~C, Tu lng and Company.-A magnlfiuint vatlety of ribbons lace, habtt shirts, muslin collars, «nd hosiery at extreme reoi value. Beverley House, 120, Pitt-street. Tf/TUNTZ'S PATENT SBJâATHWO~METÀL^ lyjL Sixes, 18, 20, 2J, and 2* fit., about J ton« for SALE, bi GKOftGB A. LLOYD and CO. Couulin-ghonse, 213, Otorfl street._ Ï? O R SALE, by the undersigned - ' Headcrson's patent cranes, 3,4, fi, 8. and 10 toes Crab wlnchc», singlo and doublo purchase t r 12-horse b^rlsontal high-pressure engine, with boiler eomílttí, : _WILLIAM MACDONALD, Macquarie pto, r OR SALB by the undersigned.-^-lOO Tierces Beti; ready for shipment, and guaranteed for two year« ; siso, -t SO barrels Irish and American Pork, Ox Tongues. Suet, ii,'.:¡, picked and ready for sen ute, Lv.j Live Stock supplied on the «hortest notice. Wine», Spirit«, tat : Provision» of overy description ready for shipment bj ki E. ll. CULLEN, Bau Accord Stare», Circular Quay. I N.B.-Merchandise »ad passengers' goods stored at a motlenii l¿g I rate. Tba stores aro porfeclly dry, freo fiora vermin, aud fit te if ! any good»._ . Bjj SE BD OATS, SEED OATS.-Now landing, « § Saga, feooi Crpcnbagen, 10 OOO bushels primo Danish (nr. 1 ranted) deed Oats, far SALE, tn tot« to «ult purebuen, S FISCHER, TANGE, and CO., 210, Georgc- jlrcet, ospsslts tit ft Bank of New Scuth Walo«, down thc gateway. fe' SHERRY WINE8.-The undersigned' hate fa 1 SALE at their «tore« a few parsil« of Burden'« aaperte Wi brand of first and second class pale »herr 1er, ia hogibtali, ¡lg quarters, and octaves. Specially selected for this mar«et, ni I ti which they are disposed to offer at a «had» under ourreat r»Ui. §§ io order to close the shipments, GEORGE A. LLOYD ail CO, fi Counting-house, 213, George-street. jg ERUVIAN GUANO for BALK. Apply « i CRAWLEY andSMITn._jg SARSAPARILLA.-The original Dr. Townsend's I Sarsaparilla may bo had wholesale of the undersigned, »o's fi agent« and retail of most chemists throughout the colon JÜ MACH AB, BROTHERS, and CO., Meoqnarle-ptaee._ M ASS'S No. 3 Burton Ale for SALE. THACK8& I »nd CO., Ocorgntrect._ M ICE, ICE, 1CB, will be supplied from the Ice- 1 hou-.e cn the Circular Quay, between 8 »nd 8 in the mornlar, '% aud ¡ and 7 in the evening, at 2d. per tb. for 1 cwt. and oj ward« ; 3d. ditto for leas than I cwt. BMI TH, CAMPBELL, ul ~!i CO._,_ % |-\EAN'S FURNITCJRE SALE still continu». | 1/ r-idcboard», Cheffoniers, Drawers, Tables, ftc. Mark til .s address-DEAN'S Furniture Warehouse, qty Tbeatte, Sydney, ' * HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Bedding, Sec., foi > ' SALE, at and under cost, at DEAN'S Furniture Weribone, .' Marnot-itrcct, Sydney._ s.: "I RON BEDSTEADS, with Palliasses, Mattrastei, ].'. I Bolsters, and Pillow», now Sellin; at and under colt, »; ; , DEAN'S Furniture House, Markot-etreet. fpo CAPTAINS and OWNEKS of SHIPS.-Good j I Europe Rape, from 1 to 4 Inch, by single coll, at £70 per iv ton. Kcquiro of Mr. BELL, Bott'« Wharf. M RED HERRINGS - Superior. H ' 70 balf-barrel« , 1 . 14 case», la 3 dosen tin». ; _'_MITCHELL and 00.11 £. f iPOBAUCO. - For SALE by CRAWLEY, and i SMITH, 285, George-street.1 &. ? Barrett . ¡& Eagle ii HheUarJ '/ Kerr Ri C.IL8. - . . fi; Wellington . %.K J AV L .?' And other brand?. _¡ - ORTLAND CEMENT and English Fire Brieki, h ex Plantaganet, on BALE, by A. F. CROOM »nd CO., Miller*» i v Point._?_: _ i CAMPHOR WOOD CHESTS DRAWERS. Plain and Lacquered Camphor Wood Trunk» aad Lealhrr ? . Portmanteau», ex'Nimrod, from Shanghai, on SALE, by A. T. *W CROOM and CO., Miller'« Point.; ri C10CHIN CHINA FOWLS.-A few pair* (princi- |; j pally buffand cinnamoncaloured) of thcsealmlrcd fowlsare fj~ «tlîl unaold. ("onncisseur» will seldom meet with a better oppor- j.;;, tunltv of «electing. Apply to Captain WHTTINO, ship Nlmro4, ^ Town's Wharf, _ ._;_. fe 17AIRY MEADOW, Wollongong. - FOR SALB, E ^ about W, miles from the town, two F»rm». cont«inlag 3» fe «ere« eaoh, joli tog eaoh other ¡ greater portion of themeleared; lg about 18 aerea «tum?cd; with a good substantial boase, eontatninf ra five room», detaohed kitcbsn with furniture, and three other oat- BJ house«, a good brick well of water ; with crop», » ataek of wheat, g and about (oar acres of corn, potatoes, a good garden ; cattle, a horse, »nd gig, cwt, dray, andeverytbiag complete.- We need act a »p»k of the land, aa the crops will »peak for itself whonvlowcd. 3 Thl» property must be sold immediately, as the parties are gotat S to Malta. Partie« wishing U view the F»rm», apply to Mr. J HAY LE'S Hotel, Crown-street, Wollosgoag; A horse and gtg j will ba walting overy steamboat day._, I SEOE TRUNKS for SALE at DELANY'S, 181, | Gcorgo-«tr»et, oppcslte Hunter-«tr«et._| ACOUNTRY STORE FOR SALE.-For ssl*, li In a rising and Important district, a country Store, with or Sj wl-.boht a general a««ortraent of gooda. A largo and profita».» fS buslne«sh»s hitherto besn done at thi« «tore, and is capable ol f\ ereat extenalon. For full particular» apply, by letter only, ta . 1 Messr«. J. T. A KM ITA G Bj and CO., King-street West. 1 < AMERICAN STOVE Warehouse, all sises, and U best makes. F. R. ROBINSON'S, 329, Gcorge-strcot. THsVOIiCE of Trott i Bedstead». - Just landed, ex ti Josbu», and tobe oispsscd of-tlxteen best l^ndoa-madsiroa E. bedsieada. May ba »sea and: term« ktowtt ot Mr. DENCH'j, t; Chorober-atrcct, Bsy-»treet, Glebe. fo' BANGO R ; S L A T E S.- I ; 24 X 12 . ft 22 x 12 J ... : 16 x 18 |.j . - ' 14 x 8 t:1 Fir«l quality, now landed, ex Afrioin, near Campbsll'i Whuf, Si Circular Qaay,for SALE, very ohcap; -, '¿j-. HALMERS CHURCH, Cleveland Estate, neat f Clovelonrt House and the R tllwav Terminus.-The founds- ii: lion »tone of thischurch will bo laid on THURSDAY next, the 7th . f'. of Pebninry, »t half- past 3 p.m., when addresses will ba dclivertd K. by several ministers. )¿| rriHE RANGER'S ESTATE, NORTH SHORB.- | a. This beautiful residence and gronnds, together with til ! domain or 43 acres attached, I« open to private offer. For »ll particulars apply to OSWALD BLOXSOME, Esq. ; or toMOSt J; ard CO., Pitt- street. , i' COri'AGE.-For 8ALE, 5 miles . from Sydney, a neat Verandah 'Cittoge, containing «Ix r;ome, beeide» kitchen «nd »tores;, au excel eat garden plentifully stooled witi fruit trerB, largo yard, with coacb-t ou;e, stables, and gool wtl! of water. The cottage is situated C'OJO to the Railway, and oat nlbu'cs pass every ¡IO minutes. Apply to Mr. F. B. PRICE, IS, Bridge-street. VALUABLE BLOCK OF HOUSE PROPERTY, i .,m!"«I£AV81'KKKT» WOOLLOOMOOLOO.-For gALHi ij(¿ undersigned, a mort desirable Block of CITY PROPEBTY.OM iÄ*«^f°t!,r ^f^well-finlshed Hooses, built of «tone «al i « IT « 5n?Ji"'!,atn !n BAY-STREET, WOOLLOOJIOOLOO, know tainí^Jl,LaTf¡BUlIÄIîiG',. Funh« Pa'iiculat.can bo ase* tamed at tho ROoms, ritt-atreet.-HORT and CO: " : , T°H1VAP"IrALI8TS-~EIi«iWe Inveitmenf.-Fw | TT B"n S,PI10 Honte«, each containing «Ix rooms, «lt- h TVÎ J. ;mCT"*tteet> nnd having entrances from a lane attie fi Ll"' the present reduce 1 rental«, they produce jHW&-}tu. rf « ° 1,Ï 5 P°RT!°N"°f <r« purohaac-moDoy may remalli on »ort. B rnpiíí. -Dncr,í(!nt- For fu»1»" particular« apply to Mr. MARTIN' g nu CB i, ,fl, irown-strcct, btttwoon Livorpool and Stanlor streets, i MAGNIFICENT PASTORAL PROPERTY.- f iin«,n.^J,R,.B;'VLB,. A PIK5r-CtASS STATION, In tte D«r«rr j Downs district, together with { 20,000 SHEEP j ^ . "''S0?, HEAD of CATrLE. J Vor tall pattlculara, apply to MORT and CO._ _ J 'V'JA 1 SHEEP.-A choice lot of mixed ages, and \ AAiTK t,' r?îf*> Perfectly ecund, FOR SALE, by BUNDLE .* U&HfrAR; cud CO. . 3 SHEEP and CATTLE.-For SALE, by the undeí f signed,' MO bullock« (330 of which are fit for tb» ba'.cïer), i ?.ciiTcrable within 50 mlle« of Tenterfield. 800 theep ulm Jr I a.tonlng Station, Wellington District, near Dubbo. 100O »Mri f cntiie, deliverable tt Dubbo, or on the Lachlan. 650 ta M» ;;. AND CO W0 " :F,lba'l0I'. A"nlàal<,> a*» England. liOEï j) rrVyVü.HORSE COUNTRY WAGONS, with cai f j JL , vns tops ; the mo«t completo cud useful artio:o ever im-i* KFÎ'ÏÏ. for country purposes. For SALE, by WILKINSON i. BEOTHEKS, and CO., Walker's Whaif; or, at their lats pf misc», llacquarle-,ilrce. î?OR SALÉ.-Just landed, ex Daniel Web6ter7»j JL the Waterview DJ j Dock, a cargool Kauri heron mast», »ti ; round spstts, train 70 frjot by 2« inches, to a boat's mast, A Uti» & assortment, ol iron.b>r>, for ship and r7hs?{ btílding ptiipcíce. M m 