CITY :ELECTION.-Mr. BLUNKETT'S WARD OOMMITrEBS. _ _ GIPPS WARD. r. Hom» .?? Jame« Conran Owen J. Carrahcr Dr. Mackellar Thomas Byan Diniel uwyer HiS'S.0?"' Jthn Crewe i i? muí!... ,ehn M»»B»m»Ja Wharf) ui v , Uts,r eT"Cassy " ' " ff..¿.e^Htiíeey Henry Byrnes i. SBOunssy Lawrence Corcoran J. 8houni»y john cuthbert Thoma» Galbraith Thomas Moloney \- Patrick FieehlU Frederick Roes i»«f« O'Neill Thoma« Lynch Daniel Tierney J hn Neldham Themas Rodgers Richard WIM. With power to add to their uurxber. P. HOGAN, Hon. Ber _ .^e.ñry. . i BRISBANE WARD. P.Gould W.H. W. H. Husalnion J- v,ard i^îSn "rf. Nowland M.Chatlton B.MaVn ff'*».0" U. O'Neil JfDfï1» : J O'Neil T'i&S;!?. W. ArmrtrJBg J.Gillick' Jtt3ief Bm^" J.Ha;satt W. Brown J. Ryan p. Smith P. Lynch H. J. Cohen ' J. Mulholland . - 8. J. Cohen With power to add to their number. JOHN G1LLICK, Hon. Secretary. . COOK WARD. 1 ' James Husband JamcsTarlor John Thorpe Frost Denis Guèrln Jíhn Murphy William Crele John Grant, M.D. Jo.eph Carter Charles E. Langley Willum J. Powall Arthur Poulton William Chalk John Molony Michael H. Landy Benjamin C. Bradshaw Erlward Gallagher William H. Galbraith John Barlow Biohard Creagh John O'L'ffo Jame« O'Neil H. Dobson James Tighe, jun. \ Felix Moss \ John O'Hehir \ With power to add to their number. RICHARD CREAGH, Hon. Secretary. PHILLIP WARD. Edward Cunnigham \ Thomas Molloy \ Joseph Hook \ Thomas Clune \ John P. Barnes \ Michael M'Maneman \ Thomas Quigly \ John Doran \ Richard Brown \ Thomas Staunton \ Morris O'Neil \ John J. Curran \ Luke Ryan \ William Roack {Roache ?} Cavin Byrnes \ Hugh White \ John Madden William Coleman Themas Quealcy Patrick Mooney Patrick Daly John Mooney Philip Walsh William M'Guekin John Berne J. Horsey Henry Harris William Rutledge Thomas O.'Nell Jshn Mealy Cermiok Smith Patrick O'Hslr Thornie M'Quite Richard Cullen "William Comm Patrick Correera William Roaoh Peter Hughes Michael DallahuntyMichael M'Natnarah Benj «min Green Thoma» Grogan Cornelius Moran Francis Timmins William Costelo] John Sproute ;With power te add to their number. HENRY HYNDES, Hon. Becrttary. ryji-MosT nnANcit. . John M'Carthy Henry Moon A. D.Marphy Triomas Brody ... John Carr Phillp Holdsworth John Agnew William Taylor John Hadfield, secretary Thomas Healy William Astor H.Davis Peter Hutton Matthew Byrne . George Dewer Silvester Warburton J David Morris -. Alica With power to add to their number. BOURKE WARD. Daniel Egan, M.L.C. H. Solomon X. Farrell S. Davis . A. Calline Stephen Mullatkey E. McEncroc J. Lasbam John Falk H. C. Jervis James Meyerfeld DivldCreaten C. Cullen Lewis Mahan Bebert Willis Ed. O'Connor Thama» Collier G. Allen 3\. Fillet J. Bennett X. Mow Dr. Lassu» William 8harp H. Baohfleld J. Clinton H. J. Seaton J. Curt!» P. Barkhausen Robert Smith T. Cohen J. Welle , Edwin Beckman E. Wilson John Corcoran J. Row C. Bowler X. Row F. W. Ptrry ?M. Mullaney P. M. O'Connor Peter Hoffman D. W Donovan D. Lyxch W.Harny Henry KyEer .¿¿us O'Dwyer Charlea Bath A. Belker Henry Lubeck 'W.C.Murphy : G. Pike.. ; Thoma» Severn Michael J; Bur.tell - Sohileky J. Hughes Kllas Moeea J. Turner J. Cox With power to add to their number. ;p. M. O'CONNOR, Honorary Secretary. MACQUARIE WARD. John Arkins D.W. Clarkson . Thoa. Moore . Martin Morriseon Thoa. Broughton James Bluck ? Alfred Fairtax James Gllesan Chas. H. Haigh James Cosgrove David Peden ' Wm. Bowets Patrick Fox Peter Quirk .Timothy Maher Nicholas Walahe Richard Coven y R.Murphy John Hughes John Smith - . Thoa. Hughes Morgan Hughes John P. Egan Eugene Flynn Tho». M'Kcown Wm. Brady John Keane Jeremiah Moore John Pearson Denis M'Encroe Patrick Mullins Wm. Dolman , Wm. Bestwiek , Andrew Lenehan ' Jeremiah Canty Michael Darcy ? J. Curren ? . ? ? - K'chard Cullen James Brady J. Jones . J. H. Scrutton 6. Nathan ; .Wan. Colics George Martyn With power to add to their number. JAMES GLISSAN, Hon. 8cc. . Any gentlemen whose names have been omitted from the various Committee», can hare their nameeitstrted on application to thc Beere tarlee. J"HABT!8' } Honorary Secretaries. RICHARD CREAGH, Acting See'.,Central Committee. TO R. S. ROSS, Esq., of SYDNEY. Slr,-We, the residents of Liverpool, and electors cf the Boroughs of Cumberland, having heard your political opinions, in public meeting assembled, being satisfied with tho sentiments to which you then gave expression, request you to allow yourself to be placed in nomination as our representative in the new Parlia- ment, feeling perfectly satisfied that the interests of this impor- tant portion of the colony cannot be confided to better hands ; and we pledge ourselves to use our utmost endeavours to secure your return. C. H. Bayley, J.P. George Girling J. H. Atkinson James Bence A. T. Faunce. J.P. Benjamin G. Salmon Ernest Goertz John Gruncy H. B. Beresford William Hatton P. H. Mulholland James May J. B. Watson. J.P, Peter Mantor Richard Bretherton Wm. Barrett David Armstrong J. T. Taylor W. H. Elger C. M. S. Browne Alfred Wilson John C. Browe John Trott Joseph Wearne James Bowles Stephen Whiteman Robert Miller Hiram Quin. Reply. C. L. Bayley, Esq., J.P., A. J. Watson, Esq., J.P., A. J. Faunce, Esq.. J.P., J. H. Atkinson, Esq., H. B. Beresford, Esq., and the other gentlemen signing the requisition. GENTLEMEN,-I feel deeply sensible of thc honour you have conferred upon me in the requisition which I have this day re- ceived ; it will be unnecessary for me in reply to enter upon an exposition of my political sentiments, having already addressed you. Of this you may rest assured, in the event of my being re- turned as your member, that my time, and whatever abilities I may possess, shall be devoted, not only to the interests of your district and thc Cumberland Boroughs, but tho colony in ge- neral. I have thc honour to be, Gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, ROBERT SCOTT ROSS 1 Sydney. February U.1550.__^ TO THE ELECTORS OF THE CITY OF BYDNKY.-Gentlemen,-At a largo public meeting OOR Taned for the purpose of nominating tit and proper person« to represent you in thc now Legislative Assembly, a resolution was carried associating myself with others ss candidates for that honourable position. In compliance with this expression of public feeling, I beg lo inform you, with my warmest thsnks for your continued confidence, that 1 shall go to thc poll In the approaching contest for your representation. For many years I have boc» before you, in thc performance of Tarions public duties, and, on nearly every cccaehn when impor ' tant principle» have been at stake, taking part with youraelves In promoting the general welfare. Aa I have never disguised my opinions, nor hesitated to act upon them, I may venture to hope they are known to most of my tcllow-cltiEeno, and, whatever may tie my ability to carry out those opiKlons, few will suspect the elncerlty of my attachment tu thom. Among the first to petition for an extension of the franchise, to agitate for the cessation of tranrportatton, and to protest against the land monopoly of thc squatters, I yield to none in steady and consistent adherence to those great popular movements. When many who now warmly, and I doubt not sincerely, profesa to concur in these liberal views, were loud in their denunciation of ether« who then supported them, I joined in thc earliest effort« to enforce them upon the Colonial and Imperial Legislatures ; -sind I shall always look back with satisfaction to my humble share in the labours of those who faithfully fought the people'» battles, cn these questions. Should I be eleoted to the new Parliament, whieh will be called upon to reconstruct tho land policy of the country, I shall u»e my Utmost efforts to Bettie that great question in the manner most calculated to do justice to all, to extend and equalize thc popula- tion, and to facilitate our production of materl . 1 wealth. I havo always been an advocate for municipal institutions, and «hall gladly lend my assistance to carry out any measure of this : kind applicable to our inland towns. Thc re-Introduction of a .well considered system o( municipal government for tho city of Sydney I regard as a question of pressing urgenoy. A»l joined in tho opposition publicly raited to the objectionable feature« of thc Constitution Bill at tho time cf its parsing, I need only remind you that I look upon the extravagant pensions granted 'to the retiring offic rs-tho attempt to tlc down the hands of the . people by the two-thirds clause-the nomination of tho Upper House by tho Governor-the clause excluding clergymen from the Assembly, with other parts of the Act ao it baa been sanctioned ' by Parliament, as direct Inroads upon our liberties which ought to be resisted by every legal and constitutional means. Before the day of election I shall have frequent opportunities of .explaining my views on general eubjecte; I tm, gentlemen, your mott obedient servant, ' , _ . J. lt. WILSHIRE. Bydncy, January ll, 1850. TÄÄT CU&fBRRLAMD; your Bumber, I bat to offer myself ? .*» «f M re rsi of you ia thc uaw legislative AasemK » «ttratda« to represent In coin* sa, however, 1 .»' presumption!, or lnUrest*-* yo« I am «ot actuated by any be of some use to the tr - satttive», batt «Imp!» from a desire to As an Australian, I r< -^»»ghs which I now apprise to represent, dnty to devote SST tl erected, deers lt both a pleasure and a lani. In maki- > fte* eawgves Tor the welfare af thia my native Interest, I .. -et» nrrefeapoeittonof my views oa subject« of public which I advert (In tte tlrst place) to the New ConstitaUon, boor ' «eirtve when rented and modified will prove a great l> colonT- w»th regard to education, I am of opinion -** were is a great want of efficient teacher«, particularly In the reaaote district«. I am opposed to the withdrawal of rillglens sute «appert (at least for some timo to come), being convinced that clergymen in thinly populated parishes would not be ad«, qeately remunerated. Upon the subject of railways, I feel con. meed that the country must ultimately derive unfounded benefit (rom the same, and stall support their extension (wherever practicable) through the length and breadth of the land : without however, Involving the colony. ' In mattera pf general improvement, such a« the erection of publio Institutions, repairs of road» and bridges, together with all other loca: aubjeots, I need hardly aay, If elected, shall receive my beet and most earnest attention. Economy in the expendi- ture of puhUo money thould be studied ; at the «arno Unto the rerviceti of able, and efficient, effleers in all Important departments should be recured, and I would tot, a« a rule, advócate the cutting down of snlurles. My púnceles are erat. In conclusion, gentlemen, to those amongst you to whom I am unknown I may add (and with pride) that 1 «m a son of the soil-a native of this rising county, tho borough« of which I now aspire to represent-and from my earliest day« have been exten- sively and eüll am most intimately cwmected with thc ouple In MJSIHUÍ1 ^, ~ion5"> Tis-.,ín>r.lcg and agriculture. Being thua Identified with the general advancement of mv nativo land, could 1 consistently cr coneciontlouely vote against uy own future welfare I I pause for a reply-and am, gentlemen, your obedient servant, Bttreat, january 34th, 1868. DAVID BHLL. J)ASTORAL DISTRICTS OF WELLINGTON . AND BLIGH.-To WILLIAM FREDERICK BUCHANAN, quire, J.P.,ef Eringanerring, Castlereagh River, and Sydney_ Sir-We, tho undersigned elector» of the Pastoral Districts of Wellington and Bligh, request that you will allow yourself to be put in nomination aeac.ndldato for our suffrages at the forth- coming election, to serve ns our representative in thc New Parlia- ment j and we p'cdg» ourselves to use our utmost to secure your return. William Allison James Nevill* James M'Cubbln John Cockburn Basil Dickinson, J.P. David Cockburn Matthew Allison Lockhart Miller George Langley. J.P. George Wilson Jonathan Hassall William Clarke A. B. Jones H. W. Swele James M. Allison John Cameros Hugh M Master Isaac Hyland John M'tfastsr Thoma* Webster Hugh M'lntyre John Stephen»» Allan Henderson Vivian Cox Richard Jackton Robert Richardron C. J. H. Champney» George Richardson Jeremiah Reardon Mlchul Bushby Thomas R. Roscoe John Blakemore Edward Lenehan Alex. Richardson Willlsm Morrison John Cheatham Jame» M'Dnnald John Richard, oa Jame* BylvesU r William Harvey Tha-ras Wrigley Thoma» Giles Robert Bennet J. Field Stephen Tuckerman J. Hyland Alexander M'Gregor H. W. Crj-de J. Downing J. Walsh. Castlereagh River, January.14th, 1656. Biri/r. To William Allison and James M'Cubila, Esqrs., and the other gen tit men signing the above requliition. GENTLEMEN,-I have th» honour to acknowledge the receipt of your requisition calling en me to allow myself to be nominated as your representativo in tho new Parliament. I accede with pride to your request, and shall take an carly opportunity of renouncing my political creed. Suffice lt, in «he minn tim», to say that my principle« arc liberal, and that, should I have the honour of bei cg returned aa your rcsrcscatatlvr, no opportunity shall he lost, which my long experience In the hush of this, my adopted country, miy '.afford mc, of advancing the interests of your district, and this colony generally. Yours, very faithfully, W. F. BUCHANAN. Sydney, 1st February, If 5G. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE SOUTH RIDING OF THE COUNTY OF CUMBERLAND.-GENTLEMEN, Many considerations would Induce mc to avail myself, for a time, cf the opportunity now open tome, of retiring from publio life, butter the conviction that the public have a right to the iffcr of my services in the Legislative Assembly, and that il would not become me to withhold them, at sj critical a time, if any large and Intelligent constituency thju'.d think thom worthy of acceptance. Though invited to come fvrward far other electoral districts, I prefer to off.r myeelf for the representation of South Cumber- land, in the belief that the electors of a metropolitan ojanty must, more closely than any other constituency, repre- sent thc ? ge&eral; public of the country ; and that from the far greater variety of their poeitlsns, employ- ments, and interests, they must enjoy a superior freedom from class preferences, and bc, therefore, more inclined to select as their repretcntatlve one who heartily repudiates all legislative aud executive action not ultimately addrcstedto'the general welfare of the entire community. Nearly eighteen years passed in the tervlee| of the colony, have kept me sa prominently under public observation, that you have had opportunities of no ordinary character for forming your own estimate of my fitness for the trust 1 now solicit at your hinda. Whatever your judgment may have been upon particular act« and opinions, I am not without hope that you will be disposed to re- gard me as one whose sense of the obligation» «f Du y ls sufficient to promise fidelity to his trust and active endeavours to be of use to the country. But on this occasion, you have a right to expect an explicit statement of my views uoon the leading topics of public anxiety -, and I am myiclf detlrou's that those view» should ba well under- stood, and that my return should depend upon your general con- currence In them. And first, as to our New Constitution. It la the law of the land, and, as tuch, should be respected. It ls the esta- blished constitution of the country, and,.as such, should bc held sacred from new political experiment until lt has been fairly tried and found wanting. Whatever our individual opinions may bc, it behoves us te remember that fre- quent constituticnal changes become grave evils in themselves, by unsettling the institutisns of a country and precluding cot tl lenee in the future ; and that no fundamental changes ate justifiable until it has become manifest that they may be expected to pro- duce benefits by which those'evils will be outweighed. My -own opinion is, that our present Legislative Constitution ls the b:et that has been propoted, as being the n arcst practical approach to that great constitution which has the strongest hold upon our afiectlous, and which bss proved thc mott stable,*yet pro- gressive, and thc most conducive to genuine liberty that the world yet knows; but I have from the first been. Imprerscd with a grave csnvlctlon (in which it were well perhaps tl.at otters participated] that, in deciding on tho constitution of our future Legislative Chamber« wc were dealing with a question upon whick time and the course ef coming events could alone pronounce authoritatively, and which, as applied to tho future, wa« too deep and too speculative for pre- sumptuous »pinion. I am, therefore, not pied»ed to a blind ad- herence to all the features of this C.institution ; but I hold it to kc a sacred duty, in which no true friend of the colony will fall, to put it to the test of actual expetience, with an honot and hearty desire to make il work with the utmost advantage to the public. That port, indeed, of the Act whioh require» unusual majorltiea for tho sanction of any change, 1 am not unwilling to abandon, if the sent« of the country should be decidedly against it. The pre- cedent for the provision ie (I bellev.) American, not English ; and although I acknowleige tke wisdom of thoee who tcught to im- pose a check upon hasty constitutional chang:«, I care little to. preserve a feature which ia not to ba found in the British Parlia- mentary Constitution ; and if it be generally distasteful to the people of this colony, I shall bc content to hope that thc discre- tion of rltuple nv jorltie« in our Legislature, and the witdom of our constituencies, may prove a sufficient protection against rash innovation. I am an advseate for thc establishment of municipal institutions throughout the country. It wai at my inatanoe tfcat a " Bill for promoting thc Public Health, Convenience, and Enjoyment," wt» twice brought under the attention of the late Council, and it will be my earned wish to see the measure passed with such modifi- cations as may be found desirable. No reflecting colonist can contemplate with complacency the utter helplessness of our towns and districts for all purpose« of local improvement »nd conve- nience ; nor observe without pain the entire abtcnee of those minor spheres of publio duty wh!ch are so essential to the train- ing of men to publio usefulness, and to thc elevation of their thoughts, above the confined oircle of their own interests and affections. 1 will do my utmost to prrmote general education of that cha- racter which will most advance the intelligence, religion, and virtue of thc people. Though opposed to the intolerance which would force any tyslem of education upon those who consci- entiously dieapprovc of it, and prepared to continue thc aid hitherto given to Denominational schools, I think the National system not only unite» in a superior degree Mund eeculnr educa- tion with broad religious instruction, but is Detter suited to thc requirements of a population so much dispersed and so widely separated by differences of sect as that of this colony. Believing i that, after all, the success of caeh school will depend more upon the tracher than tho system, I will advócalo such liberality of remuneration to this mott valuable class of public servant» as will bc calculated to secure a high degree of competency. In all questions of governtr.e-.it which may enmo before tho Aetcrably, my first anxiety will be to eec that amidst the contests and heats of parties the publia faith of tho G.vernment and country 1« maintained Inviolate, and to securo tho observance of such high principles of government as will give confidence and i rcapictat home, and carn fer thc coljny abroad an honourable réputation. ,Th« introduction cf responsible government wiH render neces- sary an extensive remodc'ling of our official system, and will give an excellent opportunity for administrative reform. Upon this duty I thal! be ready to enter boldly, with a view to greater «impllc.ty, efficiency, atd rapllity In thc ootductof tffl.ial busi- ness. Thc attention row directed to this subject at home may prove veiy uteful to us in thia coljny. I shall be anxious to adopt sante scheme by whioh public justice-:tvil and criminal-may be maáe more accessible to the Inhabitants of our remote districts, without bearing toa heavily on the finances cf the country. It will give me great eatUfactiott alco to continue my humble exertion! towurds rendering tho law more simple and rational in those particulars in which reform ii needed. To the very difficult subject of the management of the Crown land«, I will give my bret attention, with a determination to do justice to all parlies, and to put both the pastoral and agricultural interests upon the foaling best calculated to promote the advance- ment and general prosperity of thc colony. I shall have every disposition to support the formation of Rail- way« and other public works nccetgiry for developing thc re- sources of thc country ; butin considering schemes for these pur- poses I shall weigh wt ll the cost against the probable results, and shall not leave out of sight the grave inconvenience of a dlspto portlonate public indebtedness Gmtlcmen, I will now only add that, if you should se- lect mo as one of your representatives, I «hall be deeply sensible of th3 honour, and very grateful for the opportunities for useful- ness you will havec.n'erred. Bvdnty. Feb.uiry 8, 1850. W. M. MANNING. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED COUNIIES OF PHILLIP, BRISBANE, and BLIGH. Gentlemen,-Finding from the expression of opinion by a Public Meeting convened by tho Warden of Scone and Armidale, and held nt r-ooue yesterday, end otherwise, that it is thc wish of n largo body of tho Elector'or tho constituency that I should RESUME MY CANDIDAJCUHEforitsreprceentatlon, on the understanding that I am not to be expected to- speak more frequently In tho Council than I may find mystl'able to do, I have felt lt ray duty again to pince my services at your dieposaL I need not, 1 am sure, say .hat I shall bc gratified at finding your rupport continued to mc-provided you believe that in doing eo you ate advancing the public welfare. ... I am, (jenlltmca, your iiithfal ecrvant, JOHN* ROBERTSON. Y&rrundi;, 2r_d February, 1650. 1 X3r,T^wKí£^OR* °r CLiVKBNCB MID pARXINO DOWN*-Oeot*imeB,-Hevlsg Neett«« »rv ¿..i^*?****!* *?*. T«»*o»M» portion 0? 70.rM.bfT> 1^!!^ T,' ^A t^íUia' ?*' .h8uW I do «o, their rthport «nd BUr*t,letorranT«mp,« »Ith UU »«ry flattert«* Invitation. On ray recent «our thre-Agh youri »»gnlfleeat dtoMrSw I hid th« opportunity or eaprewlag «ny «entlmenu o« vmriou« meeture« BM«mry for th« prowtro» et y««r local Interest*, u well M on the leading «oertion» which will hete to be discussed in the trw tetviaaor the New Parliament tor th« general wellard pf the colony, I »ow «rara it my dety to addrem yo« for the Information of the «Vécut* t*n«rally. Ow »fthe mot» Important queatione to be brought nader «on. riderationwlUhethe management of the Crown land«, and on tai« «uMiat I am af opinion that the minimum price «houU be reduced to len ehlllings per «ere, and that land «attable for uri cultural purpose« In fte vicinity of town« «could be aurveyed aad laid out in modtrate-ilxed farair. For th« purpcee of affording the fulleit information to the publie, I wculd hare alana of three »urveys preparad and exhibited at the police offlae In each dlitrlot, .bowing th» land« oren for aale, to thtt any ene wishing to cultiva-e might select a firm without any vexations trouble or annoyance at that prier. At the sam» time, care must be exercised, In order that thc production of the main staple of tbe eolony be not injuriously affeotei-there being room Ur the pursuits of all. if my view» a» to th« Crow« landa were 'carried into effect, I confider il would be one of the best mean« ever adopted for the ercouragement of ai Immigration rf a superior character, as the fact of our holding out sueh highly favourable .pportunlties to the Industrien» classes in Great Britain would of Itself be one of thc great means of turning in tbe direction or the« «hore« the tideof Immi- gration naw going oa to the United States and Canada. I am lu favour of the formation and eitcnsloa of railways, and eoniidtr tba*. In eonaeotion with them, in the northern part of thc colony especially, plank or tramroada should be introduced, similar to those in common us« iq the United State« ; and I can sider It of vital intf ortánceto your district» that sueh road» should be immediately formed from Warwlek to Ipswich, and from Dray- ton to Ipswich, and from N«w England to Gration--the cost of which, 1 am given to understand, Would sot exceed in'amount that now required for making the reads recently surveyed In hoee localitlaa. I consider education to be of the very highest importance, all being equally Interested in the welfare cf the joulh of the colony, and I ahonld be proud to tee every man's child pit oed securely in possession pf soand elementary instruction. To thia subject I ihoald give my beat attention, and «hall do all in my power for the axtemion of tbo Nttional system amongst you, belltvlng lt to ba- specialty advantageous In a scattered population. At the »ame tint«; I be- lieve the denominational schools have been successful lo, various district«. I shall also support anv measure that may bc brought forward for the purpesa »f establishing grammar schools in the larger towns to enable the youth of the colony to prepare for the higher studicsof oar University. r. The late alterations In th* established tariff of the colony I highly disapprove, having alway« keen an advocate for free trade -fully appreciating, as I do, the great bec,flt conferred ia the people if England bv th« Act introduced by the late Slr Robert Feel, I shall therefore support all meantes having a tendency to reduce taxe» on oar chief anieles of consumption, more especially those which pitas on the hard working and labouring ola«*e«. I regard the two-third* clause introduced into the Constitution Act as an Insult to both Douses of Parliament, and tho nominee .Ictnect aa an insult to the elcotor« at large, and «hall be rsadj- to suppert the declared expression of the country in abolishing Several local matter« require reform, and, «mongs! other», I sbou'd nee my influence to have paid magistrales of experience stationed in the several dlstriots, who could attend to alrmeglt terlal duller, and who would also have the power of arranging and carrying through all mattera connected with the landa and revenue« »I their districts, and thus «av» the present eumbroui mode adopted of corresponding with the several Govern- ment department« here. 1 would give my cordial aaal*tanee to the passiag of any mea- sure for establishing clreult courts throughout the eolony, sj that all matters connected with «ach country district should be settled within itself. I am an advoeate fer the establishment of municipalities for the management of local affairs, and should wish to «ce a Bill Intro- duced that would give power tc a majority or the Inhabitants of the several districts to bring suck Institution« into operation with- out any act or special legislation. With respect to other question» os which I have not touched, I shall be happy to explain say views when 1 shall have the pleasure of meeting you. Whllo my sympathies will be on the «ide of the established authorities, lt shall be my care to assist In securing the services of tho most efficient men in all departments. My residence la th« «cen« of action, my ample leiiure. and my anxiety to work for ike welfare of a country la which I have dwelt for so many yeal«, and which la tbe fatherland of my chil- dren, are eutHclent to lceluee me thu« to place at your disposal » hitevsr ability, energy, and Influence I posees*. I »ra, Gentlemen, Ytur obedient servant, Bfdney, tthJannary, 1856._CLABK IRVING. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE SYDNEY HAMLETS.-Gentlemen,-Moat of you are aware that at the close of the Election In 1661,1 pledged myself to pisco my services at your disposal wheaevtr a dissolution of the Council took place. I now tedeem that pledge. My opinions were then expressed with great freed«« on al question» involving the welfare ef ta« Colony, and, if I do sot greatly err, met very felly your approbation. Since then, we have obtained free institutions ; we. are to be governed by law» enacted by ourselves; taxes caa oaiy bo Im- posed by the repräsentative» cf the peeplt ; and any change generally deemed necessary, we have the certain mean» of eftoetlng. The questions which probably will engage the attention of the new Parliament are The Land Question, Constitution of the Upper Hons», Education, Electoral Law, and th« development of the resource* of th« country, by opening railroad« and facilitating the eoaallBg communications. 1 will very briefly stau my views on each, leaving it to a future and not distant opportunity to enlarge arxm them. The Land Qaettion I do pot protea* to uaderr-taod. I bsllevs rrry feto do ; but I never could comprehend why any man should for any term, have cxclnsiv« pnsonslon of an extent of country .xoseding the largest conntlewln Ergland, for pastoral purposes solely, and that the very .terms of kl« lease should prevent th« nae «f agricultural meaai for (applying' food te the community. I will examine how far this ls necessary for the pastoral lauréat, and facilitate by every meas« In my power the acquisition bl ?mall farms by the working portion of the community. The expérience of thc last ten years satisfies me that a nomi- nated Upper House carrie« In it the aeed of sveruuting disunion ; that lt would be a fertile source of discord whenever any diff;r moe might arise between the Houses, sad would mainly do away with on« great advantage of ll-th* restraint oa hasty legisla lion. I have alway* been of opinion that th» more general the system of Education, the more bene nolallt would prov» ta th* community But in Sydney and all large town» the Denomtntdlonal System 1 by very many considered most useful. My sadeavour, therefor* will be confined to the just distribution of all fonds voted foi educational parpases. The Electoral Law requires various improvements. It seemi monstrous that a person having an uquutloaabl* light to voti by tbe pocstxlon of a house rated to a certain amount, should hy re moral to a house of equal or superior value, perhaps next door lose hlarlgbtto vote. And if the possession of a qualification forsli months is insisted on, the person ahonld be enabled to enrol bi name on the Registry, as soon aa he acquire» the right, whlcl length of residence giver. No one can doubt that opening the comanunication with the in terior in every dtrecUen ls accessary to develop* the resources o the country, the present system ot roads being most die graceful. Thc lmprersloa la all but universal that railroads, o ono description or another, are not merely th» bett, but the eheap est mode of doing so. 1 wculd, therefor«, support such sasaiurei aa tote scientific Knowledge of th« country approved, aa far a (according to my views) you can constitutionally convey th power «o to do. 1 have repeatedly declared that th« trad* of tb* «olony ihonli be rendered more »»fe by the establishment of lighthouse* oi various parts of our coast», and, if elected, will use every mean at my disposal to carry teat measure Into «Beet. 1 have the honour to be, gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, MERION MORIARTY. Cralgaethaa, January Uta. 1856._ O THE ELECTORS OF THE PASTORA! DISTRICTS OF LIVERPOOL PLAINS AND GWYDIR Gr.NTLr.Mi.N.-1 acknowledge with a-ueh picante your vet; flattering invitation to become yonr representative th th* nee Parliament; and, after'duly considering tb* importance of th position, and tn» ch an oes of my becomisg an efficient advoeate t promote your political interest» in Council, h«v» resolved t offer myself aa a candidate for your suffrages. The very Important and profitable use mad* of the waste land of Auttralla by those who hav* had th» enterprise to take th«! flock» and herd» beyond thc boundaries cf the colony, will descry encouragement and support from cur new Legislature. To aud I have a mutual interest In aiding the prosperity of the die tricts, ». 1 have held a »talionat the Gwydir above twenty yean and hold;u »till. 1 intend to reside In tydney, «nd to give m best attention to your affairs. I am. Gentlemen, your obedient servant, ROBERT LETHBRIDGE, Commander Royal Navy. USTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDBNT 80 CIETY, established (tot'fA t'wiporiVmi privilege* under th Acts of Council 7 Fief. oVo. 10 and ll Viet. Ifo. for grantle Assurance« on Lives, Present, Deferred, »nd Reversionary An nuitlos, and Endowment* for children and Old Age. On the prie oiplo (proved by an experience of 150 years of kindred lnstitu liane in the mother country to be the molt equitable and taja for the assured) ol Mutual Assurance and a periodical division e tbe whole of the profits among th e whole of the members, Chairman-THOMAS HOLT, Esq. Deputy Chairman-M. K. Munnin, Esq. ROBERT THOMSON, Actuary and Secretary. Chief Offices-Mort's Buildings, Pitt- street, Sydney.,, N-^NV-SOUTH WALES MARINE ASSURANCE COMPANY.-Office,-Exchange-buildings, George-strcc CAPITAL, £150,000. "; niRECTOps: John Walker, Esq., Chairman. J J. Edward Ebsworth, Etq. I Jacob L. Montefiore, Esq. Edward Knox, Esq. | John B. Watt. Esq. Marlae Surveyor-Captain W. 8. Deloltts.. , Agents and Surveyors at Newcastle-M*»srs. Bingle and Son. Surveyor at Auckland, New Zealand-Captain Alexander Orang Th« Directors meet every Wednesday, for the despatch of genor businers, at ll o'clock ; »nd on other days at a quarter before or o'clock to receive applications tor Insurances. Risks taken c vessels forty-five tons register and upwards. HATES OP rnEMiuM nv IIHST-CLASS VESSELS. (Free from average unless general, or the »hip be stranded.) Guineas, Guineas per oent. per cent Great Britain. 2 Port Cooper. 8 China. li Wide Bay. jj Manila. 21 I Clarence River .- » India. 2J Moreton Bay .- 1 Java .l. a Twofold Bay .-. : Mauritius. 2 Panbula . 1 Cape of Good Hope. 2J i Port Phillip. J Valparaiso . 2 fl Ditto, per »teamer.M. 2 California. S Adelaide. 1 Anekland. 1) Hobart Town. Port Nicholson . 2 Launceston. 1 Nelson . 21 Circular Head..... 2 Port Otago._. 2j GOLD AND SPECIE. Port Phillip. 1 ll Great Britain. 2 Ditto, per steamer. 2 ll Singapore. 1 Policle. on goode, gold, and specie, to Great Britain, are grant In triplicate, payable in London in case of loss, If required. TIMK aiexs OH riBST-cLAss VESSXLS. 8 Months . 8 Guineas per cent. 6 Months . 6 Guineas per oent. I Whaling voyages.10 Guineas per cent. The usual brokerage of 5 per oent. allowed, j N.B.-Good stowed on'deck are not covered hy the Compon; policies. By order of the Boord, \ _ROBERT GARRETT, ecretary, INVESTMENTS in Government Debentures, i thc Shares of the several Banking and other Companies, m I iways '.be obtained or disposed of, on appllcatl«nj to W. ' LENNON, stock share brtjker, Ne. 25, Ute 358, Pitt-street, Ç0 L O N I AL INSURANCE. RATES OREATLT REDUCED, BB 8TDNET INSURANCE COMPANY, INOORTORATKD BT A CT OF COUNCIL. _ Th« »boTe COUPANT will reoetv« »pplie»ttoaa tor the IN- SURANCE of HOUSKS'ind ether BUILDINGS, MERCHANDISE »ad CHATTEL PROPERTY, of every description, In town or country, »t rauonable r»te» of premium. THE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY IB £250,000, With power to laurease the «mount to meet the business of thc Company. Ths list of Shareholders ls open to public lnspcotloa, and per. sons desirous of other information respecting, the Company will 1 meet with attention at the office. *. It ia Intended that the convenience of all «lasses of COLONISTS ?hall be consulted by the Company, persons anxious to Insure their property under unusual circumstances are invited to make appli- cation, and, If found practicable, the insurance will be granted n der special condition». Where urgency ia necessary, a deposit wilt be received at once fer Insuring property until the next meeting of thc Board of Directors ; tho amount will ic considered part of tho premium on «¡tore regular insurance being effected, cr returned if the applica- tion be deollncd by the Board. ' The business or the old Sydney Fire Insurance Company will be traasferrea, a« soon aa possible, to the new Comp.tny, and the members »re informed that larger risks will now be taken at reduced rates than were taken formerly, so that greater conveni- ence wilt oe afforded them, and there will be no liability upsn ? mums who are not shareholders in thc present company. There la a reserve of 5000 shares to bc lesuablo at par for the .?ex* ««montas,or sooner, to partier insuring and making special application for them. The discretion of tho Board of Directors will be used lu allotting tbe shares to applicant«, aocordlng to thc arxounts of insurance applied for or otherwise. lT>e present Company no» oeen formed wlih th* view of se- curing apportion of tho profit*; tc be derived from an Important and useful business-exclusively colonial-and to preserve the in- come of the old Company from passing into tho hands of tho English Companies, and thereby becoming a loss to the country generally, .The Fire insurance Engines aro «Utionod at Mr. BOWN'S Brfokfleld-hlil, whero a night-watch le kept, und where »ll -ilarms of fire should bo reported a» soon as possible, . Tho Company will reward any persons exerting themselves to give carly information ead in casca where damage ls prevented by their servicer. RA.-«. Bul laings- metal or slated roof, stoae or brick, i's. sd. «nd upwards Building«-shingled ditto, ditto ditto, Ss. ad. and upward« Weeden building«-metal or slated roof, 8s. and upwards Wooden ditto, shingled, special. Di livrions. THOMAS HOLT, Esq., Chairman JOHN FAIRFAX, Esq,, Deputy CoalrnuB M. E. MUItNlN, Esq. S. D. GORDON, Ess.' ALEXANDER CAMPBELL, Esq. FREDERICK EBSWORTH, Esq. SURVEYOR," JAMES HUME, Esq. ' 6xcnirTAnv. ' JAMEB SUTHERLAND MITCHELL. Office-No. 3, Brlitge-strect, near Gcorge-street, Sydney, Cauntry Agent* who will supply form« of application and re Mi ve proposals from persons wishing to insure : Maitland-A. Dodds, Esq. Newcastle-George Mitchell, Erq. Bathurst-S. B. Sargeant, Esq. Goulburn-R. Craig, E-q. Wollongong-George Hewlett, Esq. Windsor-J. Dawson, Esq. Moreton Bay-llcnrv Buckley, Esq: Dungog-Peter Mcwilliam Liverpool-E. Gool« Parramatta-E. Mason, Bsq. Mudgee-Messrs. Walker and Smith Portmaoquarle-Horatio Toter, Esq. BR WENT AND TAMAR MARINE AS8U BANCE COMPANY. SYBNET BKANCH. Office-Patent Slip Wharf, Bussex-strect. where applications tor «.vanee will be received. TOWNS and DARLEY, agent*. ONDON ALLIANCE FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY.-(Further reiluotlon ot 25 per cent, on the former premiums). The undersign«! are prepared to issue Fire Policies at the reduced rates of premium, namely : OA Firet-class-risks, from 2s. 81. lo SJ. 9.1. per cent, per r.nnum. On Second-class ditto, from 3s. Ol. to 8s. per cen', per ditto. Third-class ditto (subject to arrangement). Non-haiardous gooda Insured at the same ratee of premium as th« ballding« in which they are deposited. An extra charge for hazardous goods. Special risks takes hy agreement. THACKER and Co., agents. George-street, Jînd December. rpHE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE X AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, Empowered by Acts of Par liâmes t. Established in 18J6. Having a Colonial Proprietary, and the following U?ARD or Dimerous IN SYDNEY: Tb« Honcrtbie Sir Charles Nicholson, M.L.C., Chairman. John Gilchrist, Esq , Deputy Cbsirman. G. K. Holden, Eiq. 1 Edward Knox, Esq. Daniel Cooper, Kiq .M.L.C. | Joseph 8. Willis, E-q. Beinton Boult, Esq., Secretary to the Company. xr.mc.eL KE-xnnes. John M'Farlene, Erq , M.D. Arthur M. A'Beckelt, Etq. BANKERS-Thc Bank of Australasia. SOLICITORS-Mervs. Norton, Son, and Barker. BuuvL-ïon-Francis H. Grundy, Esq., CE. REMUENT fr"EC. KTAUY-A. Stenger loathes. Office», Margaret-street, Wynyard-equare. Capital subscribed exceeding .£1,000,000 Accumulated Fand« and Capital paid up, cxcccdlrg. 800,000 Ol which £100,000 ls invested in the oolony in Government and ether securities. Reserve Surplus Fund, £150,000-with unlimited liability of the ' shareholders. FIRE DEPARTMENT. BATES cr PREMIUM. Class 1.-Brick or «tone buildings, »lated, metal or shingled roofr, [ occupied as dwelling or counting houses only, from 2». 3d. to 5s. OJ. per cent, per annum. Class 2.-Brick er stem« buildings, slated, metal or shingled roofs, occupied for storing merchandise, of for purposes of trude, from 3s. OJ. to 8s. per cent, per annum, Buildings not inoluded in either or the preceding classes, or 1 occupied Ut yurpoees of any hatardous or specially hazardous trade or calling, may be insured by apeclat agreement. Oocd« and Stocks-In-Trade of a non-hazardous description, de- posited in any building, will be lntured at thc same rate as the building Itself; but General Merchandise, including all gseds not specially hazardous, co olag within the usually «eeep ed applica- tion ot thc tetm, deposited ta first-class s ores, will be treated as non-hazardous, and Insured as such. Covering mechandlsa in hecr »ny of the store» In Sydney, ss ab»v» described, subject to t c average clause, will ba charged per cent., not les» than 12s. pet ent. per annum. The Average Clause applies to " Floating Policies" only, and 1» introduced In no other cisea except by special agreement. The Fire Insurance Engines are stallone! at Mr. BOWN'S, Brlckfield-hlll, where a night-watch ls kept, and where all alarma of fire should be reported xs soon ss possible. Thc Company, will reward any persons exerting theme elves to give early Information, and in cases where damsgc la prevented by their services. LIFE DEPARTMENT. The Director« continua to receive proposals for the sile and purcha-e of Annuities, Endowments, and Revere ions, and for In- surances on Lives. No éntranos or admission fee« are required, not ls any additional premium charged to officers in the army or navy, unices called Into actual service. The following arc amongst thc advantages held out by the cempany : Two Scales of Picmlums, one lower than thone of most other companies; the ether carrjing Guaranteed Additions, or enti- tling to Guaranteed Reductions ia the Future Premiums, onapltn entirely new and peculiar to thia Institution. The scale of reduc- tion» which are guaranteed, ranges fr.m tlj to SI per cent, on the Amount ot Premium, and th« Bonus contingent only on the con- tinuance cf the life double» the*amount of tb» policy. No Liability of Partnership^these rcduotloce and addltioas not being contingent upon profits. Policies are 1 sued upon th* half-premium system, and on an ascending scale.. Burran ter of Policies are accepted on very liberal term» ; and Claim» are paid within three months after proof of death. No extra charge to member» of th* Volunteer Corp«. rr.cxiuMS TO INSURI. £100, PAYABLE AT urATn. Já si so' 1 ye»r. | 7 years i> ». d. 1 13 7 2 2 6 2 16 S S 19 8 ü ». d. 1 19 0 2 9 5 ii ». d. 8 10 0 9 0 10 10 S 4 11 IS * 15 18 4 £ a. d. 1 0 3 1 6 6 1 ll 5 2 9 8 3 13 9 « s.d. 1 2 0 1 7 0 1 14 9 2 10 2 4 9 1 The ratea for other ages and other scales, and every informa- tion may bo obtained en application at the office of thc Company. Agents for both departments : At Moreton Bay, R. Towns and ' Co. Maitland- Jeremiah Ledsam. Newcastle-Bínele and Son. j Goulburn-Wildam Chatfield. Windsor-William Walker. Ba- thurst-James Stirling Home. Campbelltown-James Turner. I Pambula-Medical referee .Richard Bligh, Esq. For the Fire Deportment: At Wollongong-Rober Davison Gundagai Joseph Chaldcr and Co. A. STANGER LEATHES, Resident Secretary. Margaret-street, Wynyard Square. THE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.-25 per cent. Réduction on Premiums on Country rleke.-The Directore have resolved that the operation of the recent reduction of 25 por cent, ou Fire Pre- miums «hall extend to country insurance;. A. STAXGER LEATHES, resident secretary. NOTICE.-G. Kendall and W. Wood beg to Inform their friends and the publlo generally, that on and after the IStli day of February Instant, they Intend running their Waggon for the conveyance of passengers and luggage from Sydney to Bathurst, as formerly ; to leave Sydney and Bathurst every ensuing Monday. G. K. and W. W. further beg to stato a Waggon will leave Syd- ney twice a-wcek for Emu Plains, on tho Bathurst Road-the sam: OB the return. BOOKINO Orr-icr.s : Bjdney-Mr. Bransgrove, Great Britain Inn, George-street Mrs. Coulton, Golden Fleece, Brlckficld-nill. Parramatta-Mr. Dakiel, Governor Bourke, Parramatta , Penrith-Mr. Kendall, Bose Inn Emu Plains-Mr. Norris, Emu Inn -. Bowen Fell«-Mr. Leo Bathurst-Mr. Blundell. Black Bull. Mes-rs. G. KENDALL and WILLIAM WOOD. Penrith, 41h February, 1856._. WFAIRFAX'S Saw Mills, wholesale and . tetall timber yard and manufactory of mouldings, doors, sashes, Frenoh casements, cottage windows, and venetian ?butters. The trade supplied with venetian blind and shutter lath. Hard wood and American scantling, and weatherboard. Lath for slate, shingle, and gino roofing, 30s. 6d. per 100 feet ; bard wood scantling from 18s. per 100 feet. Large assortment of sea- soned cedar. Cedar and deal doors and sashes in stock, and made to order. Dowllng-strcet Wharf, Woolloomooloo._ VALENTINES ! Valentines ! Valentines !-Just received, a cheica selection of Valentines, about 1000 dif- ferent sorts, many of the most exquisite des'gns, at prices from threepence to three guineas, forming the lorgest and bett assorted lot of valentines ever Imported to this colony. Country and other orders supplied on coultable terms. J. MOORE, Bookseller, George-street, oppoeltc'st. Androw'a Cathedral, ffg" Remember the name. SPRING VANS for REMOVALS.-Cash cliárge for pianofortes, furniture, atc, five shillings per hour ; or by contract if preferred. H. lt. HURFORD, pianoforte selector, Tiluer, tuner,. ÍÍC, 76, Gastlereagh-elreet, nenrKing-atrett, Ty OYAL HORSE BAZAAR, BOURKK-BfRiHT i IV Melbourne, lit Jan our, 1856. - M. MH3AW tad ANOTHER nott respectfully return thanks te their frUnds ead the public tor the Tory liberal luppert they kare received ilBce retuailnf bulla***, ead assure them that BO effort ihall be wanting on their part to merit lia continuance. They beg alecto Intimate that, at the riqaeat Of a number of influential (tockholder*. th*y have been Induced to make ar- rangement» for retraining butinée» aa sheep and Cattle nletmen. - In making thia announcement they with lt to be understood that they enter the field free and untrammelled, having no bad debts ia their booka, and conaequently no bad customer« to (ap- port ; neither have they any »tock speculation» (directly or indi- rectly) to dash with the interest« or their constituent«; which Independent position they mean to maintain, as they Intend to «ell far cash only ; and to render account aalea with cash at tke clow of every tale (except In large transactions, where the vendor him. sc'.f may think flt to take acceptance, In which ease he will do ao at his own risk.) They are convinced that thia I* tb« tra« and legitimate mode of conducting sales. Let thc batcher who ku not c nh to purchase 10 or 15 cattle, «s under thc present system, buy five or even two (for which every poeslblo facility will be given) and he wilt thus buy for cash the number he really wasts, at the same price as he can at present buy fo.' credit a number he does not require, and the veedor who requires immediate cash will pocket 21 per cent, by the change. rartiea favouring M. M'Caw and Another with «tock for «ale may depend upon the greatest caro being taken In draughting lt and preparing lt for «ale, and every (Oort being made to realise the top prie* of the day. All «lock rent to them will be duly advertised, and circulara sent to every botcher In the city and suburbs, free ot charge to thc vendor in every case where the commission amounis to four times tho expenses. ll. M'Caw will attend the yards dally on and after the 1st of February, and from his well known ablll y as a judge and sales- man of stock, together with the principles upon which the firm propose to coniuct that part of their buslnese, they confidently anticipate that amount of support it shall ever be their endeavour to merit N.B.-In ooBiequence ot resuming the cattle trade, thc dally horte sales will In future commence at ll o'clock. These arrange- ments will not lntcrfercwith their private sales, a» they have en- gaged very able assistance in that cratch of their business ; and their mode of conducting lt Je «Imply to fia a fair market value upon each animal, and »either to ask more nor lake leas, having followed whloh plan «Ince resuming business, it ha» been found o give the highest satisfaction to boin buyers und sellers. AKK POST BILL» at Three Mix or Twelve months date, with Interest addtd at the rate af S, 4, or i ter cent, per annum, according to their, currency, may ho had In euch even sums a« required, from £5 and upwards, on application at the Australian Joint Stock Bank BOW ABD W HENCH, Manager.__ j SUPPLY OF PASSOVER CAKES.-NOTICE. The Board or Management or tho Sydney Bynagoguo have i much pleasure In notifying to the Hebrew community that they ' have made arrangements for the supply of " rasiover Cake«," of best quality and make, at ac uniform price of ten per pound. The Board therefore earnestly request, with a view to abolish the monopoly which has hitherto existed, that all order» may be sent In, on or before the Nth Instant (stating the exact quantity of patsovtr cakes and meal required), addressed to the undersigned, at thc Sjnagoguc Chambers, York- street. JULIAN E. SOLOMONS, acoretary. 6th February. ICE. ICE, IGET-Hotelkeepere, Confectioners, and Families supplied with "the rral Wen h am Lake Ice," de- livered at their own doors, In lultablc quantities, morning« «nd evenings. Orders left, or forwarded pir post to the French Ci'6, George-street, will ba punctually at len Jed to. F. POEIILMANN. RICE STRAW BONNETS, in girls', maida', and small women's sixes. Ladies' fancy bonnets of the latent fashion, ON SALE In small package*, at the stotes of GREGORY, CUB1TT, and CO., manufacturer» and importera of straw bonnets and hats, 316, George-street, Sydnoy, and 15, Altlermanbury Lord?n._ T>ERLIN HOUSE, ICO, George-street. A new jTl stock of French Embroidery Work, drawn on cambria 'or collars, sleeves, hinilkerchiefs, and borders Just opened atW, READING'S. 16J, George-street. _ ALARGE 8TOCK of Berlin Wool in great variety of shades, Berlin'.patterns painted on canvas, book markers, silks, canvases, «tc, Ac, Just opened at W. READING'S, 16}, George-street._ 4BEAUTIFUL ASSORTMENT of the new German Bead Work, with patterns and bead« for mat», ::«, candle ornaments, and other elegant ornament* for the drawing-room, at W. READING'S, 160. Gcorre.etreet. OUTFITS. OUTFITS.-To Familie» Going Home. Mrs. MAY, 28, Hunter-street, beg« respectfully to call the attention ot passenger» to her prerent extensive assort- ment of every description or ladlee'and children's ready-made underlines, at prices that cannot fall to give satisfaction. Esti- mate« prepared on the shortest notice. Letter« addressed a* above will meet with the promptest attention. LA VILLE DE PARIS, 105, George-gtreet. WILLIAM TRICE, Importer of British and French Goods. FRENCH GLACE MANTLES ! ! Clearing out ! in consequent of the s aeon Oeing advanced, at Fifteen Shillings and Ninepence eicb, nt " La Ville de Paris." FRBNCH BALZORINBS ! ! Five Shillinga and Sixpence the full dress of 12 yards, at " La V.lle de Paris." ERENCH FLOUNCED BAREGE ROBE9 ! ! I Elgh'cen Shillings and sixpence the full dress cf ZO yards, _ inal price thirty-five ahllllngs, atl "¡La Ville de P.rls," 195, Gcorgs-itreet. TMPORTANT NOTICE.-Beverley House, 118, I Pitt-street, late G. C. Tuting and Company. Thirty Days' Clearing Sale. The proprietors haring purchased from the as- signees thc whole of the stock of the late firm of G. C. Tuting and i Company, at half the original oost, have determined to hold a clearing sale for thirty days enly, during whloh time the whole I of the stock, consisting of silks, shawls, mantles, balzorines, barege, muslins, prints, drapery, hoelory, haberdashery, ribbons, aid ml.llnsiy goods, Ac., will bo offered for sale at extraordinary low prices. Open from 10 to G. UTUMN FA8HION9.-NEW MILLINERY. -FARMER, WILLIAMS, and GILES beg to Inform their patrons and the publio generally that they have received, ex Catherine Adamson, some very beautiful good» In Preach and English millinery, which are now on view in their New Show Rooms. Welding »nd mourning orders executed on the shortest notice. Victoria House. 1» «nd 121, Pitt-street._ SELLING OFF.-The whole of the extensive and most valuable Stock of thc late firm of G. C. TU I'INO and CO., consisting of Silk«, Shawls, Mantles, Furs French Merinos Fancy Dresses, La-lieo' Underclothing, frc. &c;, I« sow being offered at excessive low prices at late G. C. TUTINGand CO., 120, Pitt-street._. T>EVERLEY HOUSB, 120, Pitt-street, late Firm D of G. C. TU TI S G and CO.-Th!« extensive Sal« of Drapery, Ellis, Velvets, French Merinos, Wool Plaid«, Fur«, Ribbons, Mantles, Shawls, Hosiery, Millinery, La-'len' Underclothing, Baby Ware, etc., ls teing coctinuid with great success, owing to the superior quality ol the goods »nd the immense reduction In price. Thc sale will continue for a few days longer. Late G. C. TUTING and CO., 120. Pltt-Hreet._ ßONFECTIONARY, MARMALADE, JAMS and Jellies, Atc, manufactured by James Wothorsponn and Co. ifield patent »urcb, by R.bcrt Wothcrspoon and Co. Faacy blrsolts by Gray, Dunnî and Co. Preierved Salmon, Atc., from J. B. GemmeVs, Shill Fishery Tobaccj pipes, by D. M'Uougall, Glirgew Whiskey, by Greenock Distlfisry Company Portable steam engines, ic, by Alexander Chaplin and Co. Agricultural machines, field impíamente, road and barn ditto, ly A. Croe-Mil, Beverley Iron Work«, Yorkshire. Agents for the above manufactures In 8ydney, CAIRD, PATER SON, snd Co._ OINKS, CRANES, MACHINERY, &c.; - Jfjj One 15-horse power high pressure «team engine One 5 ditto portable steam engine, with tubular boiler, on wheels One 4 ditto ditto ditto One 1-ditto decorated engine, suitable for «hop window« One Higginbotham and Gray's patent feeder for «team boilers, keeping up a regular supply of water, and self-acting One 2-ton portable crane, on wheels Two 2-ton wall ditto ditto One powerful double purchase witch One ditto tingle ditto Oat pile-driving machine, complete Onelcyllndcr printing pres« One twottory iron store 57 x 20 x JO I _CAIRD, PATERSON, and CO., C. York-street, EARTHENWARE ! EARTHENWARE ! ! - Country Storekeepers, and other«, are informed that the undersigned are new receiving into their Store» a large shipment of Earthenware, exactly rutted to the prêtent wanta of the market, whloh they are prepared to sell at reasonable terms. Assorted crates, euch one containing breakfast, dinner, and chamber ware Crates cups and saucers Crates willow plates, in S slz's Crates willow ditties and bakers Crates dipped and printed boals Crates toilet sets Crates chambers, Ac., &c;, Arc. Axy description e>f earthenware properly yacked and forwarded immediately on receipt of orders. NOTT and EDWARDS, Iron and Earthenware Stores, 427, George- street, near Bathurst street._ AMERICAN AGRICULTURAL IMPLE- MENTS.-For SALE by tho undersigned, Vinnowing machine» ' ' Chaff cutiere Garden engines Engar, corn, and coffee mills Cheese luruaces, presses, and hoops - Two-horse power threshing machines One-dltta ditto , Corn and cob crusher, far grinding the cob with the maits Spring-tooth horse rakes Manj's imperial mower» and reaper». The most successful mach'ne at thc late French Exhibition. WILKINSON, BROTHERS, and CO., Walker'« Wharf; or JOEL J OSE PHP, at meir late premises, Macquarle-place._ OR SALE, at the Stores of the undersigned. Loaf eu»ar . . Crushed tugar Rice Tobacco, duty paid ¡ Ditto, ia bond Black pepper i Sardines, half-boxes Ditto, quiiter-boxee ... |; Coffee ! Dutch butter.. ? Pickles , . "-'.'. £ i . Sherry tná port wine, is casks and cases Fruidy ? ? - ? ' " i Gir, various breeds ' Champagne ? ? Zinc Iron tiles L'nseed oil ?' . Colza oil Window glass Rope. ? * J. DHANI3 and CO.. Maeqnarle-place. 1 £ AAA BANGOR SLATES, very much reduced lÖ'UUU '° Ptice- GOODLET and CO.. Ereklne-sttett. WAA DOORS and Glazed Sashe-V Laths and Bat lUU tens, cheap. GOODLET and CO., 22. Erekine-strcet. *^A AAA LATHS and Pickets, Weatherboards, iU*UUvJ &Q-I; cheap. GOODLET and CO., 22. Ersklncst. OIR'S LING and COD FISH, just landed from the Catherine Adamson, in flr«t-r*te condition. HARBISON «nd ATTWOOD. 158, George-stroct. APUBLIC-HOUSE for SALE. Apply to JAMES PRATT on the premlees, at the coiner of Harris and Jones tweets, Pjrtrcat. BBXKRLXT, D_Uf, and CO., -ive mwrltaui 11 Cottoa roda ?UktUtSt Woollem ditto Worsted ttttte i&betfaaher;* hUU-ery -, -.So_lwar«» . ._ ~ Hosiery »LO gkrvet . Made-Bp clothing1 . Blinket« .. ... jflaniels * «Xraw tat» «nd tots*** Boot« «nd «hoe«, -! . - * Earthenware. , BrtumwMo; '?' Saddlery .. IronBaongery ^ Cutlery Perfumery" Olimen'« «tor«* Wise» . ".. . Write Ale and portai Bo»p Bait i . : OetTee. Bogar Bengal otgara'aad 6hmx4j Madia ditto. ON S A L FT Chotee, Cheddar »sd Wiltshire ' Baooa, prime middle« Pork, Utah, Kingham and Reid'« , Candle», Belmont No. 2, Price'« ' ,.. ' Boap, beet London-made Barley, p-arl, in 1 owt. euk» Bpllt pea», in 2 cwt, ditto Brandy, Care Rum, bernama, 30 o.p. Malt, just landed, int quality, in pul checas. ANDBnSON, BROTHERS, and CO., ria-street, ymg, ANT AND TEMPEST have on bind.C Cart hame*, felling axes ? 7 Shingling hatches, T king«« Looks, uoks, nail« of all descriptions Horse hobble chains , : . . Bullock hobble chains Horse-shoe«, hollow-ware Haws of all de»crlptlon» . Bullock bells, sheep bell« Pocket »nd table cutlery Tinned iron wash basils Ditto milk dishes ; . . Ditto fryfxgpani '. Japanned cruet frame* Claw hatchets, wedge axes Foiling axes, picks and handles Cross-cut saws »nd bandits Pit saw», files, Ac. - Wove wire dish cover* And a general assortment of Ironmongery suitable for ecsztrv stores, &c; ?? At their Stores, Pltt-stree North, opposite Queen's place. *TK) IRONMONGERS, Sc.-Now landing, tx. JL Palmyra and Thomas Lowrv Ploughshare mould» Sucks and dies Cabin, office, na a hot-air stoves Wheat sieve. Gothic bal! stoves Brass wire flour sieves Patent shot Zxe slate sails While lead Portable forges Warraatcd anvils Splitting wedges Patent and imitation rim lock« Maul rings Horse and bulloak bells Sheet zinc, 9,10, ll Wove iron fi; wire Sheet lead, 3 ;o 0 Ibr. Bracea and blt» Arm moulds Harnea Holloware ' Wedget, xo handle« Dungfork« Pickaxe ditto Scythes Minie rifles, with bayonet Hayknlvrs Doublo and single barrel guns Gilpin'« edgctoole, fte. RABONE. FKEZ, sud CO., 10, Maoquatlc-pltte. ARK BS' DETERGENT WASHING PASTE. An article that can bo guaranteed to facilitate the lasos» : of thc laundress, and not to injure the finest fabrica. Useful also. for cleaning paint, metal, atc and rendcriai h ird water soft. Os SALE at W. READING'S, 100, Georgc- etrcct. A Girl wanted, tc make herself generally useful._, PERUVIAN GUANO foi KALB, Apply to CRAWLEY »nd SMITH._? .- ' EX CADUCEUS.-FOR SALE, by the under signed 50 tons Liverpool salt 60 ditto pitch 50 ditto Stockholm tar . 90 quarter-eask» pale sherry. GEORGE A. LLOYD and CO. Counting Honee. 213. george-street._ - , TIMBER, TIMBER, BOXES, &c;, &c.-Reduction; In prices from this date at thc Australian Steam Saw Mille. JAMES COOK. February 6th, 1850. _ Aft ftftft FBBr oi Hand-sawn Odu. well ^t\Jf\J\J\t seasoned, and cut In all required titer, stllilg otf at a redaction. M. CAFFREY. Bsthurst-etreet._ SIR ROBERT BURNETT and OO.'S Vinegar, in quarter-casks, in quantities to suit purchasers. NOIT and AMERICAN BUCKETS, three hoop, on SALB. NOTT and EDWARDS, 109 and «2?, George-ttmt, TO ENGINEERS, MILLERS, and others.-For SALK, a very superior 12-htrie power high-pressure Rte«« Engine, with boiler, ftc, complete. Also a Flour Mill, with two pairs of 9 feet French burr stones, with patent dressing engiae,. andxmut- maebine of the newest and moat approved construction. The ahjve engine and mill have juat been landed, ex Helsa Baird, and will be »old either together or separately. Apply to B. TOWNS, and CO. T*wn»' Wharf, January 28, 1856.._ UNTZ'S PATENT SHEATHING METAL. Slr.ee, .18, 20, 22, and 24 ex., about S tons for BALE,' by GE A; LLOYD and CO. CouatiE-ghocse, 213, George- . street,_ "O OR SALE by the undersigned.-100 Tierces Beef, r ready for shipment, and guaranteed for '.wo years ; lifo, 50 barrels Irish and American Port, Ox Tongues. Suet, fte.,, ptcked and ready for «ea use. Lire Stock supplied on the shortest notice. Winer, Spirits,' »sd Provisions of every description ready for ecismant by E. B. CULLEN, Bon Accord Bieres, Circular Quay. N.B.-Merchandise and passenger«' goods stored at a moderate rate. The «tore* ar* perfectly dry, free fcotn vermin, and fit for »ny goods. EBD OATS, SBBD OATS.-Now landing, ex Boga, from Copenhagen, 10.000 baskets prime Danish (war- ranted) Heed Oats, fer BALE, In lots to snit purchasers. FISCHER, TANGE, and CO., 219, Georgc- Jtrtet, ojposite the Bank of New South Wale«, down.the gateway._ SHERRY WINES.-The undersigned have for SALE at their «teres a few parcels of Burden's superior brand of first and second class pale sherries, is hogsheads, qaarters, and octave». Specially «elected for this marcet, and which they are disposed to offer at a shade under enrrtnt rates, in order to close the shipments. GEORGE A. LLOîD «td CO., Counting-honse, 213, George-street._._. ARSAPARILLA.-The original Dr. Townsend's Sarsaparilla may be had wholesale ol the underelstec, eo'.e agents snd retail of most chemists throughout thc colony MACNAB. BROTHERS, «nd CO., Macqnarlc-plaoe._ TTVBAN'S FURNITURE SALE still continues. if Sideboards, Cheftbnier«, Drawers, Tableé, ftc Mark the aldresB- DEAN'S Furnitur« Warehouse, City Tceatte, Sydney. MOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Bedding, &c;, for SALE, at and und«, cost, at DEAN'S Furniture Warehouse, et-ttteet, Sydney._ J RON BEDSTEADS, with Palliasse», Mattrasset, I Bolsters, and Pillows, now selling at and ur der cost, at DEAN'S Furniture House, Market-street._?_ TOBACCO. - For SALE by CRAWLBY »nd SMITH, 286, George-street-l Barrett Eagle Shellard Kerr Wellington , , A ad other brands._, AMERICAN STOVE Warehouse, all sizes, and best makes. F. B.,ROBINSON'S, 329, George-street. FOR SALE, by private contract, a good six roomed House, with detached kitchen, built ol «tone, and well finished. Situation all that can be desired. Apply to Mr. CAFFREY, Bathnrst-street._. GLASS SHADES.-Just opened, a case of these elegant additions to tho drawing-room, so requieite for the protection of wax.il jwers. fruit, statuettes, &c;, icc, from duet and flies, at W. READING'S, 1G0, George-street- _ FINEST TURKEY FIGS, new fruit.-300 boxte In splendid condition, just landed. A. FAIRFAX and CO. 287, George-street._;_. rpiMBER.-Baltic and American deals and flooring. I (wart's, lining and weatherboards, icantllKt-, slaticg battens, cedar boards, dcors, »»Bhes, Ac, In any quantity, euitab'.e for all building purposes. W. H. ROLFE'S Tinter Yard, Pitt-etree. North, Circular Quay._ GALVANIZED Iron Gutter and Rigde Capping, »ll Patterns. Manufacturer, J, PARTRIDGE, 13!, Botnur etreet._ POWDER, FF, in 1 lb. and ¿ lb. cans. LANE »nd CO., 27, Lower George-ftreer_ _ IRE ENGINE FOR SALE.-One large new Fire Bngine, by W. Herklctp, Glasgow, with all the lattet Improvement» in design' and construction-two Urge laBif mounted on wheels, «nd upwards of S50 feet copper rivtt'.ed tost. CAIRD, PATERSON, and CO. _ FANCY DOESKINS, BROADCLOTHS. &c;, for Bale. LENDER. MULLER, and CO., 3, Charlotte-place, WHITE LBAD for Sale, now landing. LENDEK, MULLER, ar.dO.. Charlotte-place. SPERM CANDLES for Sale. lBNDBrV MULLER, and CO., 3, Chirlotte-pW._ . FOR SALE, Prime Mess Beef. H. W. HAMIL TON, Campbell'« Wharf._" WASTE PAPER for SALE. Apply to B. FORD Herald Offloc. _^_.. FIRE BRICKS for SALE in lot» to sun pur- chasers. JOHN SCOTT and CO., Wharf. BathiiraWtet. T> A N G O Roi SLATES. 18 x 9" 10 x 18 ,., Remaining Lots for SALE, v«ry cheap, ex African, cn tot Circular Quay, near Campbell's Wharf._. AUSTRALIAN STEAM SAWMILLS.-On Sale, cedar boards, Ú Inch np to 3 ; kauri pire, all length» »nd wiitna ; deal add pine lattens, laths and flooring beards, tanguea and grooved U inch lining boards, doors sad saetes, tntrery oj all kinds, doals, cut and unont, In every variety ; Oregon pine, su eugths and sizes :. soap, candle, beer, and wice catee always resaj. JAMES COOK. Llvenool-strect. July IS._ WEATHERBOARDS for SALE, ex BAL- MORAL, J.Ç.sndG.DIBïS,!/?, GwEc-etrcet. 