Sales tj) auction. THIS DAY. 8 llhds. Porter. A,G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, at liis rooms, Collins « itrc;., next the Hank of Australasia, on Monday, 2Sth inst., at eleven o'clock, ? 8 hhds porter. ? 25 724 THIS DAY. ' To Drapers and Others. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins ? street, next the Bank of Australasia, oil Monday, 23tli inst,, at eleven o'clock, An invoice of .Shawls Mantles Dresses J'olkas ? And miscellaneous goods. ? 2u -24 : THIS DAY. Drnperv and Clothing. A. O. M'COMBE will soil by miction, in his rooms, Collins . street, next the Bank oi' Australasia, on Monday, 2Slli inst., nt cloven o'olook, A miscellaneous assortment of drapery and clothing. 21 724 ! iTll S DAY. Boots. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins ? street, next tlio Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, A quantity of boots and shoes. To close invoice. 23 - 24 ' : THIS DAY. l'earl Barley. AG. M'COMBE wlil sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins 1 street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, the 23th inst., at eleven o'clock, 12 casks pearl barley. No reserve. 27 75 ' THIS DAY. Double Rose Cork Butter. AO. M'COMBE will sell by auction at his rooms, Collins ? street, next the Bank of Australasia, on v Monday, 28th inst. nt eleven o'clock, ^?*25 flrklns double rose Cork butter. * Further part culars at sale. 28 75 TIIIS DAY. Split Peas. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins ? street, next tho Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, 8 tons best Scotch split peas. . ? Particulars at sale. ? 2G 75 T1X1S day. 1 Case of Silks. AG. M'COMBE will sell bv auction, in his rooms, Collins ? street, next th'e Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 2Stli inst., at eleven o'clock, 1 case black and colored silks. ? No reserve. ? 25 75 j THIS DAY. GO Bags ltice. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins . street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, 09 bags rice, 'slightly damaged. No reserve. ' 24 75 ~ THIS DAY. Duck. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins ? street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 2Sth inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 bales black hawk duck, in all G3G4 yards. Particulars at sale. 23 75 r TIIIS DAY. Rice, Provision?, &c.; A '? G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins XX;. street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28tli inst., at eleven o'clock, A quantity of herrings, codfish, pickles, cheeso, bacon, hams, salmon, and about ? 2 tons rice, To close accounts. No reserve. . 22 75 TO-MORROW. To Grocers, Ironmonger?, Storekeepers, and the Trado in General. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of Merchandise, at the Stores of Messrs E. Wcstby and Co., 13 Flinders lane east. AG. M'COMBE is instructed by Messrs E. 'Wcstby nnd . Co. to sell by auction, at their stores' 13 Flinders lane st, on Tuesday, the 20tli inst., at eleven o clock. The following assortment of merchandise, to close various liipments, viz. : — 1\. Oilmen's stores, paints, &e; 114 cases pint pickles (Hockins and Wilson), lfi do bottled fruits do 139 do quart, pint, and half pint piekles (Williams and Co.) , 19 do olives, nnchovies, nnd W. I. pickles . 09 do French capers, olives, pickles and mustard 28 do bramlied cherries 21 do Day and. Martin's blacking BO casks of split peas Go cases sarsaparilla, essence of senna, Gregory's and rhubarb powders 4 eases thumb blue, arsenic, tart, acid, &c.; 4 casks bi-carbonate of soda 6 puncheons paints, assorted colors 78 kegs, each 23 lbs., green paint. 2\. Ironmongery, &c;, G casks of Lyndons' pickaxes and felling do 30 bundles of do shovels 3 casks pickaxes, assorted 69 Chisholm bedsteads, in separate bags 5 cases superior cutlery, comprising pocket knives, stag 1 handled do, butchers' knives nnd steels, cork screws, table cutlery, ivory balanced handles &c.; 00 pairs super, holster pistols 2 cases double and single barrelled grnis 1 ease brushes, assorted 23 wrought' and cast iron money -chests 4 puncheons, containing ' goldminors' kitchens,' scales; percussion caps, revolvers, &c.;, &o.; 10 gotliie shop stores SO iron bedsteads, 6 feet 3x3 feet 9 18 cooking stoves, with tiltings 20 American model ploughs. 30 cast iron bells. 3\. -Miscellaneous goods. 2 crates, each containing a dinner set for 18 persons 3 lihds. fancy china jugs, egg cups, &c.;, &e.; 2 casks, caeli 32 kegs printers' ink 1 case, contaiuing 20 reams copying paper. 5 cases leather, containing French grafts, clarencos and fronts, white splits, French patent calf, and other goods too nnmeions to detail. The auctioneer begs.to draw the attention of storekeepers and thorn to the above extensive sale of seasonable merchandise, ♦lip whole of wliich must be sold to close shipments, Without reserve. 20 743 ? ? ? . THIS DAY. Forty-five Cases and Trunks of Superior Boots and Shoes. ERASER and COIIEN are instructed to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Monday, 23th inst., nt eleven o'clock sharp, 45 cases arid trunks of superior boots and shoes,— compris- Very superior enamelled, napoleon boot3 Do grain do do Do men's kip double-solo boots Do enamelled riding boots Do women's cloth boots Do Wellingtons Do bluchers Do watertights Do cashmere boots Do calf slippers Do sea boots. Terms at sale. 20 724 THIS DAY. 30 Cases and Trunks Boots and Shoes. ; 'C1RASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at r i the Mart, on Monday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, . 30 cases and trunks superior seasonable boots and shoes, comprising — Men'B watertights Do mining boots Do stout walking shoes Do Indiarubber over do . Youths' and boys' stout cossacks and bluchers Do do Wellington do . Do do nailed ankle shoes . Ladies' cloth and cashmere boots. Do lasting shoes . Do kid nnd patent calf do . Do embroidered carpet slippers Maids' and girls' leather boots Do do and children's giaiu, seal, patent and Spanish leather shoes. Terms at sale. 13 75 ? ? : THIS DAY. ! Furniture. Eraser, and COIIEN arc instructed to sell by auction, at ' tho Mart, on Monday, 28tli inst., nt eleven o'clock sharp, An assortment of furniture, comprising— . Rosbwood and cedar dining-tables Loo tables Ilorse-liair sofas ? Morocco easy chairs Cane chairs 'Waslistands Stretchers Paintings, ? ' ? Terms at sale. 12 75 TO- MORROW. Superior Perfumery. ERASER and COIIEN are instructed to sell by auction, at ? tho Mart on Tuesday, 29th inst, at eleven o'clock. 5 cases very superior perfumery — Brown Windsor soap tablets, honey do, fancy do, marrow, crease, pomatums, creams, toilet vinegar, lavender, macassar oil, golden oil, shaving creams, tooth powder, Peruvian balm, halsamio oil, marking ink, bloom of roses, essence, bouquets, liair-wasli, hair oils, &c.; Terms nt sale. ? 20 725 ' TO-MORROW. 'I7IRASJSR and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, P atthe Mart, on , Tuesday, 29tli inst., at eleven o'clock sharp. Without any Reserve. 3 superior chandeliers 2 cases handsome bright steel fenders . 1 dog- cart. Terms nt sale. 18 725 ? ? ! T0-M0itl{0\V. ' : Mid'llcmore's superior Saddlery. T^RASER and COHEN are instructed by the importers to I'* sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, 29th inst., at eleven o'clock, Fifteen cases Middlcmore's superior saddlery, comprising— Gentlemen's all-over hogskin saddles So. shaft do. Do. forepart do, Pelliam and snaffle bridles ? Gig harness k Laides' quilted forepart saddles Brass mounted cart whips, four, flve, and six feet Girths Walking-sticks, ivory mounted, &c.; Terms nt sale. ? 15 725 TO-MORROW. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction a the Mart, on Tuesday, 29tli inst., at eleven o'clock, sharp, X superior Stanhope gig, with all tho latest improve ments, finished in the best style, painted yellow. 2 'Whitechapel carts, with mahogany panels, complete, with a pair of lamps, and finished in tho best style, j 5-feet wheels. I ' 6 Uo'iing covers for the above. I Serins at sale. 17 725 J gales 6j) Suction. TO-MORROW. I ERASER and COIVEN arc instructed to soil by auction, at j the Mart, oil Tuesday, 29th inst., at cloven o'clock, For and on account of the Assignees, 1 case hydrti-electric generators, voltumetcra Tooth do., &c.; ? 1 Terms at sale. ? 16 725 i ' TO-MORROW. I7RASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at J the Mart, on Tuesday, 29th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp. 4 hoglieads of wino and liqueur glasses. . ? 'forms at sale. ? 21 725 TO-MORROW. To Ironmongers, Dealers, and Others. j ERASER and COHEN are instructed to bcU by auction, at . tliu Mart, on Tuesday, 29th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, 10 cases iron bedsteads, 0 feet 3x3 feet 9, 6 feet x 2 feet 9 inches 10 do assorted ironmongery. Terms nt sale. ? 14 725 WEDNESDAY, 30th APRIL. Monster Sale of Seasonable Drapery, Clothing, and Slops. 13S Cases and Bales of Superior Seasonable 'Goods. To Close Accounts. FRASER nnd COHEN are instructed by the importers to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Wednesday, 30th inst., at 1 1 o'clock, sharp, 138 cases and bales of first-class drapery, clothing, and slops, comprising — Men's fancy regatta shirts, washed and boxed Do whiic do, LE and C do Do pilot cloth trowsers Do beaver nnd Witney paletots and balmorals Do molialr chesterfields Do reversible waterproof coats Do do talmas Do ponclias Do zephyr and dreadnought leggings Do doeskin shooting vests Do shepherds' plaid tweed do Do fancv inohair and check do Do black satin do Do white cantoon trowsers Do do drill do Boys' cord and mole do Men's drab cord trowsers Do liusey drawers Do blue flushing pea coats Do marble Witney sacs Do black do do Do beaver do do ? Do white milled kersey drawers Do blue serge- shirts, plaited wrists Blue and scarlet Guernsey frocks Sou'westers Plaid jumpers Navv blue frocks Men's felt hats, cord and tassels Glengarry caps Blue pilot reeling jackets, gala lined Pea coats Men's ribbed lioso 'White and grey calico Black cloth shooting and oxonian coats Do do do dress and frock do Doeskin trowsers Black do Ladies' worsted polkas Do squirrel riding boas Do all black do ? Do imitation Kolinskcy sable do Do squirrel back do Do mock angola. do Do brown mock sable do Do fitch riding do 6-4 and 7-4 coburgs Rich cashmer j and chintz dresses 3-4 prints, Iloyle's delaines Printed silk lustres Do delaines, shawl styles Circassian cloth Black and colored coburgs Scarlet and Gentian L } oncsc cloths 7-4 chamborcd do Plaid wool shawls Mottled rugs Figured do Velvet do ? Axminster do Ladies' and girls' winter cloaks Do white fancies, most superior goods Do yellow mixed do Do tus'ean do do Do diamond straw Do fine black lutous, do Do indented do do . Do fine do do Do broad dvnitables, do I)o rice do do Infants' indented lutons, do Do dunstables do Maids' fine lutons, do Do diamond straw, do Ladies' shawls, various styles Children's hoods l'ercival boas ; Fancy boots Do leggings White cravats Scarlet do Colored bootakin3 White do 4-1 scryms 5-8 cambric handkerchiefs Knife cloths Glass do Bleached huckaback towels. Also, Printed flannel shirts in boxes 8, 9, and 10-4 best medium blankets 10-1 army do 10-4 government do Silk style printed pocket handkerchiefs Chocolate and cuchincal do 10-4 x 9-1 black diaper rugs Drab fearnot, Americans Scarlet and hard tartans White counterpanes Cashmere shawls Corded coats Fancy do Satin damask do Plaid wool shawls First quality motisclino flannel robes, &c.; Terms at sale. 19 735 THIS DAY and TO-MORROW. MONDAY, 28th, and TUESDAY, 29th APRIL. {Important and Extensive Sale of Fancy Drapery and Slops, At the Stores of Messrs. Dnlgcty, Cruikshank, nnd Co., Mer chants, 55 and 63 Little Collins street west. To tho Wholesulo Warehousemen, Drapers, Storekeepers of Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Hobart Town, and tho Gold FicldB. JWADE has much pleasure in announcing to the soft ? goods trade and public, that he has received positive in structions from the importers, Messrs. Dalgety, Cruikshank, and Co., to sell by auction, at their stores, 55 and G3 Little Collins street west, on Monday, 28th, and Tuesday, 29th inst, commencing each day at eleven o'clock sharp, A most extensive assortment of fancy goods, underclothing, slops suitable for the present season, consisting of 522 packages of which tho following is a list : — Fancy Goods. Satin- checked bandanas i China satin striped do ' Satin checked Brussels do Light and twilled do Figured satin do 34 x 30 in. black ducapcs 3G-!n. black glacie 81-in. blue military Barege bayadere robes Dark damask do Colored silk Beaufort ties Ladies' fancy silk neck-tics Ribbon and velvet bracelets Ladies' black and white dress caps Cap cauls Bonnet shapes and tips Underclothing. Ladies' chemises Ladies' night gowns Ladies' petticoats, in flannel and longcloth Ladies' drawers Boys' and girls' do Girls' chemises, trimmed Girls' night-gowns Girls' petticoats, flannel and longcloth Men's calico night-shirts Boys' and youths' do Do do longcloth shirts, washed and boxed Men's white dress do do Do regatta do do Do twilled do do Infants' underclothing in great variety. Haberdashery. Men's India-rubber braces Intfia-rubber garters Fancy gimps Braids of kinds Mantle and dress ornaments Silk girdles, in black nnd colors Silk blind tassels and loops Curtain cords Worsted bullion fringes Double Londons Carpet bindings Orris lace Furniture gimps Cricketers' belts Chintz furniture bindings Window lines, in grant variety Upholsterers' buttons, in do Stay laces, in cotton and worsted Boot laces, round and flat, silk Elastics, black nnd white Hair pins, in boxes Silk wire piping, white and black. Slops and Waterproof Clothing. Men's tweed and doe vests Bedford cord trowsers Fancy doe do Worsted cord do Men's drab and millers' mole do Do cotton cord do Boys' and youths' mole do Boys' nnd youths' cotton cord do ' Boys' and youths' tweed and doe do Men's blue pilot American jackets Men's white kersey drawers Boys' and youths' pilot American jackets Men'B tweed fishing and shooting coats Men's black Oxonian do Boys' and youths' fishing do Men's reversible and zephyr coats Waterproof leggings Men's leather do Men's sou'westers Men's helmets Men's waterproof caps Boys' blue and black cloth do Bradford Goods. Worsted and union damasks Colored coburgs Black and drab moreens Victoria covers Also, Velvet-pile, Brussels, and Kidderminster carpets, splendid assortment j Blankets, of various colors ' Mahogany chests of drawers Do French-polished do : And a variety of other goods. ' The auctioneer desires to draw particular nttention to the J ibovo large assortment of goods, which aro to be sold without the slightest reserve, the whole beinp suitable for the season. Luncheon provided. Terms nt sale. 8 79 Sale fig auction. TIIIS DAY and TOMORROW. At the Stores of Messrs. U.ik-vtv, Cniiksliank, and Co. Jin addition to the above Splendid Lot of Goods, y A D E will also sell by auction, ? 2 eases satin mantles 2 do French silk velvet do ' 1 do silk velvets, in black, claret, ruby, brown, gen-' tian, emerald, and myrtle 2 do super white counterpanes Also, 1000 pairs of sea and other boots. All without reserve. P.S.— Remember the days for the above Great Sale— Monday and Tuesday next. 9 75 THIS DAY. , To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 34 Hhds. Refined Sugar. SYMONS nnd TERRY will sell by auction, at the Commer cial Sales Room, on Monday, 28th inst., at twelvo o'clock, 31 Ulids. loaf sugar. ? Terms nt sale. ? 10 75 THIS DAY. To Clothiers, Outfitters, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Com mercial Sales Rooms, on Monday, 28tli inst., at twelvo o'clock, 2 bales peajackcts 1 do Albert coats 1 do Australian Chisholm coats 1 do Melbourue and Sydney coats. Terms at sale. 11 75 WEDNESDAY, 30th APRIL. To Farmers, Newly-Arrived Immigrants, nnd Others. Valuable Farming Land near Town. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, nt tho Commer : dial sales room, on Wednesday, SOtli inst., at twelve o'clock, Without any reserve, All that piece or parcel of land situated in the parish of D.mdcnong, being allotment IC of section No. 1, fronting a Government road of one chain wide, and containing seventy eight (78) acrcs of rich agricultural land. Terms at sale. N.B. The above land is situate near tho Mulgravc Arms, Is of very superior quality, partly fenced in, and offers to persons desirous of purchasing a small farm a first-rale opportunity of possessing tho advantage of a never-failing spring of water, and close to the main Dandenong road of threo chains wide, situate from Melbourne only about thirteen miles. Title — A Crown Grant to the vendor. 22 774 TIIIS DAY. I^DWARD GILBERT and CO. will soli by auction at the if Hall of Free Trado, Elizabeth street, on Monday, 28th inst., at twelve o'clock. 13 casks Byass's bottled stout. _ Terms — cash. . . . . 38 75 THIS DAY. EDWARD GILBERT and CO. will sell by auction, nt the Hall of Free Trade, Elizabeth-street, on Monda}', 28th instant, nt twelve o'clock, : 4 tons potatoes ? - ? 800 bushels V.D.L7 oats' 23 cases salad oil 15 chests congou ? ? 35 do hysonskin . ' 13 eases port wine 40,000 .Manillas, No. 2 25 doz American buckets. i Terms nt sale. 39 75 TIIIS DAY'. 25 Colts nnd Fillies. . ? EDWARD ROW nnd CO., nre instructed to sell by auction at their yards, Bourke street, on Monday, 28th inst. Tho fourth draft of — 25 colts and fillies. ' Suitable for heavy draught and coaching purposes, direct from ouc of tho best studs m the Murrumbidgee district. Tins DAY'. Fat Sheep. MM'CAW nnd ANOTHER will sell by auction, nt tho ? Cattle Y'ards, on Tuesday, 28tli inst., nt one o'clock, ? 400 prime fat sheep. 13a 75 '''1 TO- MORROW. Horses. Horses; Horses. Important to Carriers nnd Coach Proprietors. MM'CAW and ANOTHER will sell by auction, at tho . ltoyal Horse Bazaar, on Tuesday, 29th inst,, nt cloven o'clock, 30 head of very superior horses, from ono of the best studs in Glpps Land, comprising — 10 heavy draught 10 coaching and 10 hack horses, nearly all broken in, and many of them warranted. ? ? ; ? No reserve. ? ? ? 12a 725 ? TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY, Gth and-7th MAY. At tho Public Sales Rooms, Hall of Commerce. Important Sale of American Goods. , Cargo of Ship Australia, from New York. Now Landing. WILLIAM PIIILPOTT is instructed by tho importers (Messrs. M'Phersou, Francis and Co., to sell by public auction, nt the Sale Rooms of the Ilall of Commerce, on .... Tuesday, the Gth, nnd Wednesday, the 7 th May, nt eleven o'clock each dav precisely, The whole of the varied and valuable assorted cargo of tho above vessel as under — FIRST DAY. Tuesday, Gth May. Provisions. 50 barrels primo mess pork 100 half do do do 2000 'new Duchess county smoked hams 1500 .sides boneless smoked bacon 200 barrels prime Goslien butter, packed in pickle and doublo packages 1000 English dairy chccscs, in tins 300 do do . do , 200 casks Carolina head rice » 100 barrels do do 500 half do extra kiln dried corn meal 100 barrels extra corn meal 300 do cracked corn 150 do dried apples, about 100 lbs cach 100 half do do 11)0 bales Eastern States hops 25 do do do 200 boxes Stougliton's elixir 50 do do do 400 tins water crackers 100\. do butter do 1 ? ? ? . ' 25 boxes best dry cod fish 25 do do do 100 do Mill's chocolato 75 do Preston's do 25 do, containing tins, Spanish do 10 do do do cocoa paste 50 half barrels noats' tongues ' 100 cascs.flne table salt, in 5 lbs bags 50 do do 10 lbs do 50 do do 20 lbs do Naval Stores and' Ironmongery. 50 barrels pitch 20 do bright varnish 500 ash oars, 17 to 24 feet 150 barrels rosin 200 bolts cotton canvas, Nos. I to 8 100 bales brown drills, 30 in. wide 10 cases blue do 28.J do 2 do denims 27 do 2 barrels cotton twine 30 coils Manilla rope, 3, 3J, and 4 in. 300 tins turpentine 400 nests painted tubs 300 dozen 3-hoopcd painted pails 100 do 2-hooped do 200 do D handled round point shovels 300 do wire corn brooms 20 boxes clothes pins 15 do patent do GO childrens' willow wagons 48 do cradlo do 100 nests open willow baskets 11 cases, 150 dozen nxe handles 2 do 234 do pick do 2000 Bath bricks, in small casks 30 boxes tacks, assorted ; 5 do finishing nails, do 5 do brads, assorted Builders' and Joiners' Materials. ' 400 barrels cement ? 500 pairs glazed window sashes 500 panelled doors Agricultural Implements. 20 iron ploughs ; 1 one-horse power threshing machine 2 corn and bean crackers SECOND DAY'S SALE. Wednesday, 7tli May. Furniture. . 200 cases, 1 dozen each, Calia fruit wood soat chairs 100 do do Baltimoro do do : 150 do do best do do do '? 49 do do ? Baltimore cano do do 10 do children's wood chairs 50 do wood seat Baltimore chairs 7 do do nurse rocking do .' 3 do do large do do 7 do cane nurse do do 2 do do large do do 10 do wood calia chairs 10 do R.P. fancy cane chairs 20 do spindle wood do 9 do ornamented cane Jenny Lind chairs 24 rattan chairs 12 cases, 12 writing desks for oflices 2 do, 2 desks Frcncli bureaus 8 do, 3 flat top do do 18 horse hair sofas, various Borts 4 whole marble top bureaus, with looking glass 10 half do do do do G marble wash stands 10 full marble top bureaus and glass 4 sofa bedsteads (horse hair) 25 horse hair mattresses 10 half marble top bureaus and glass 3 wardrobes 12 walnut extension tables, 8 to 10 feet 24 wash ttands 90 cases clocks assorted 10 garden barrows 1 handcart. . , .. Tho auctioneer deems it necessary to call the especial notice of the Trade to the above valuable cargo, the whole of which has been carefully selected by a gentleman of colonial ex perience and well acquainted with the requirements or this market. The qualify of the articles i3 undoubted, and the mode of packing has been most judicious. Samples on show three days prior to Bale. Terms liberal at salie. ? /.in 5 merchants of melbournev Gentlemen,— I take the liberty of announcing that I have this day established an auction business in those spacious premises known as the Public Sale?. Rooms, in the Hall - jf Com merce, where 1 propose holding periodical Sales of Msr chandise, especially of Foreign and Colonial Producc. I venture to solicit a share of ;yaur support to my now estab lishment, and in requesting tlii« favor, beg to assure you that it will be my study by watchful attention to the wants of the community, to mate the Publi c Sales Rooms as an auction rnr,m in every way attractive to the public. For goods of valuable dcscrip' .ion which require care, secure nrotection and a strong light . for exhibition, I have set apart the large room over the I'ubHc Sales Room. In this room, goods of the above nature can I -e opened out and shewn to the k'lt 'only1 rcmafns for me to e xpress a hope that some of tlie t advantages which the nature of my premises enables me to iffer and my own long establish mcnt in the colony ma) entitle no to receive a share of youj pa tronage. I am, Gent lemen, Your obedient fierv.int, WILLIAM PmiJOTT. Public Sale Rooms, Ilall of 'Commerce, .. Melbourne, April 2Gtlir-J8jO. Sales By auction. ^!PO TIIE SETTLERS OF VICTORIA AND NEW SOUTH JL WALES, ANI1 OWNERS OF REAL ESTATE. Gk.sti.kmkn-,— I beg to inform you that I have, this day, opened the spacious premises known as the ' Public Sales Rooms', in the Hall of Commerce, for the purpose of conducting the salc'of Stock, Stations, and Real Estate by Public Auction. The favor and confidcncc I have already enjoyed in my former business lead me to hope for the continuance of the same support in my present undertaking. I trust my experi ence in the management of real property nnd stock, and my long connection with many of the principal settlers and landed proprietors of tho colony, may justify me in the ex pectation of securing a share of your patronage. In alluding to the pvcmiscs which I have opened in tho Hall of Commerce, I desire to bring under your particular notico their adaptatiou for the exhibition of plans. The central position of tho building in Collins street, and tho extent to which tho Hall is made available to tho public as a general resort for meeting and for shipping intelligence, render tho publicity of this niode of advertisement most complete. Tlie arrangement of the plans, nnd descriptive particulars of pro perty, will form a distinct business in my ofllce, nnd every attention will be given to your wishes and instructions with regard to them. I beg to assure you that your interests, whenever committed to my charge, will rcccive my utmost care, and further, that it will be my endeavor to merit the continuance of that support which I have hitherto liberally received. I am, gentlemen, Your obedient servant, WILLIAM PIIILPOTT. Publio Sales Rooms, Ilall of Commerce. ? Melbourne, April 2Gth, 185G. ? 30 75 WADE'S AUCTION MART AND WHOLESALE DRA PERY' WAREHOUSE, 80 Collins street cast, next tlio Arpi/s office. JAMES WADE begs to give notico to Merchants, Waro- ' housemen, Country Storekeepers, and Buyers for tlio Country Districts, that ho continues to hold his Drapery Auction Sales every Tuesday and Friday as usual. All goods sent in for sale nro properly assorted and allotted so as to realise in tho most advantageous manner. The particular attention of the trade Is directed to the ex cellent opportunities afforded at the ubovo sales, to assort stocks in a cheap and economical manner. James Wado further gives notico that ho lias always on private sale at his Drapery Rooms, ono of tho choicest and most extensively assorted stocks of Fancy drapery Hosiery Haberdashery Slops, and heavy goods of every description, at prices fully 25 per cent, below other warehouses in the city. Storekeepers from tho diggings are invited to attend tho auction sales, which are held every Tuesday and Friday, and to Inspect the large stock on private sale. JAMES WADE, auctioneer nnd wholesale wnrohonsemnn, Victoria buildings, 80 Collins street east, next tho Argus ofllcc, and opposite tho Mechanics' Institute. G 1782 (ilfobcnimcnt gUibci- fiscmcntst. EGISLATI VE COUNCIL AND ASSEMBLY ? NOTICE TO ELECTORS. 1 hereby give notice, that all persons entitled to voto ill tho election of members for tho district of AVc.it Bourko, or for tho South Province, in respect of nny freehold or leasehold property, or in respcct of any other qualification conferring the right to voto in this division of such district or province, are hereby requested to send addressed to mo ns soon ns tlicy conveniently can, and nlso to leave in readiness for 1110 nt their, placc of abode, in ease I call in their absence, a paper writing setting forth their name nnd surname, place of abode, nnd the particulars of their qualification, according to the form of noticc of claim herewith, or to the like purport. Signature : TIIOS. BREEN. Residcnco : Bacchus Marsh Collector of West Bourke and South Province. aPArcn of Collection : Bounded at a point 011 tho Wenibce River, duo west of Mount of Blackwood ; thence by a line cast to the Western Branch of the Ivoroit Creek ; thence by the Koroit'Creek to a point duo east of the north- cast angle of the Village Reserve of Melton ; tlienco by a lino west to the DjciTiwnnli Creek; and thence by tho Djerriwarrh Creek on the River Wcrribeo to tho commencing point. NOTICE OF CLAIM. To tho Collector of I hereby give you notico, that I claim to have mynamo inserted in the Electoral List for tho Electoral District of West Bourko or for the South Province [ns tho case may be] in virtue of tho : ? property wliich I possess at + . Dated at this day 0 in the year 185G. Signature 1 Residcnco Occupation N.B. — If this bo sent in consequence of tho claimant's name having been omitted from the list, it should be addressed to the Registrar of the province or district, or division of tho province or distiict [as tho ease may bo], in which the claimant desires to be registered. ? Freehold or leasehold \+ Or, ns tho case may be, hi virtuo of my occupation of n houso nt ? or of my salary of ono hundred pounds 11 year, received from C. D., or of my miner's right, taken out at or of my practising ns a solicitor at or such qualification as the claimant may possess. ? ? 'i'1'' Legislative council and assembly.— NOTICE TO ELECTORS. 1 hereby give noticc that all persons entitled fo vote in the election of members for tho District of the Wimmcrn, or for the North-Western Province, in respect of any freehold or leasehold property, or ill respect of any other qualification conferring tlie right to vote in this division of such District or Province, are hereby requested to send, addressed to me, as soon ns tlicy conveniently can, nnd also to leave in readiness for mo, at their place of abode, in case I call in their absence, a paper writing setting, forth their name and surname, pljce of abode, and tlio particulars of their qualification, according to tho form of noticc of claim herewith or to the like purport. Signature : FREDERICK O'DELL MONOKTON. Residence : Colegate's Hotel, Crowlands. Collector of tlio Subdivision of the Wimmcrn. Area op Coli.kctio* : Bounded 011 the west by tho Ynrriain brnok Creek, from tho junction of the River Wimmcrn to Lake Korong, thence by n lino north to the Murray j again on the west by a tributary of the River Wimmcrn to its source near lirigg's Bluff, in Uie Grampians, and thence southwards by the Grampian Range ; on tho south by the dividing range ; 011 the east by the river Avoca and a line north to the Murray. NOTICE OF CLAIM. To the Collector of 1 hereby give you notico thnt I claim to havo my nnmo in serted ill the Electoral List for the Electoral District of Wim mcrn, or for tho North-western l'rovinco (as tho case may bo) 11 virtuo of the* property which I possess at \+ ?. ? Dated nt this day of ? in the year 185G. Signaturo Residence Occupation N.B.— If this bo sent in consequence of the claimant's name having been omitted from the list, it should be addressed to the Registrar of tlio province or district, or division of tho province or district (as tho ease may bo) in which the claimant desire3.t0.be registered. ? Freehold or leasehold. \+ Or as the ease may be, in virtue of my occupation of n house at or of my salary of one hundred P°unds n year, received from C, D., at or of my miner'' right taken out at or of my prac tising as a solicitor at or BUoli qualification as lie claimant may possess. ? 12 C4'J in tu my 1 EGISLATIVE COUNCIL AND ASSEMBLY NOTICE TO ELECTORS. 1 hereto, give notico tlict all persons entitled to vote in the election of members for the district or Evelyn and Morningtm, or for the South Province, in respcct of any freehold or lease hold property, or in respect of nny other qualification confer ing tho right to voto in this division of such district or province, are hereby requested to send, addressed to me, as soon ns tlicy oonvenicntly can, and also to leave in readiness for me at their placc of abode, in ease I call in their absence, a paper writing, setting forth their name and surname, place of abode, and the particulars of their qnalifieation, according to the form of notico of claim herewith or to the like purport. Signature: ANDREW ROSS. i Residcnco : Kangaroo Ground. Collector of the Division of Evelyn. Area of Collection, Evelyn : Bounded on the west by part of the eastern boundary of tho county of Bourkc, that is to say by the Hirer Plenty from its source to the Rivor Yarra Yarra ; thcnce by the River Yarra Yarra to the conflucnce of the Deep Creek; thcnce by that crook to tho range betweon the River Yarra Yarra and tho Dandenong Creek ; 011 the south-cast and north by the range forming the basin of tho River Yarra Yttrra' NOTICE OF CLAIM. To the Collector of I hereby give you notice that I claim to have my name in serted in the Electoral List for the electoral district of Evelyn and Mornington or for the South Province (as tho case maybe), in virtue of the' property wliich I possess at \+ ? ? ? ? . ? . . . - Dated at this day of in tho year 1850. Signaturo Residence Occupation . , , ., N.B.— If this bo sent in consequenco of the claimant s namo having been omitted from the list, it should be addressed to tlie Registrar of the province or district, or division of the province or district [as tho case may be], in which the claimant desires to be registered. ? Freehold or leasehold. ... \+ Or, as the case may be, m virtue of my occupation of a houso at or of my salary of one hundred pounds a vcar, received from C.D., at or of my miner s right t'lken out at or of my practising as a solicitor n't or such qualification as the claimant may possess. ? **24 Legislative council or assembly NOTICE TO ELECTORS. 1 herebv give notice that all persons entitled to vote in tho lection of members for the district of North Grant, or for tho South Western Province, in respect of any freehold or lease hold property, or in respect of any other qualification con - forrintt the right to vote in tliis division of sucli district, are herebv requested to tend addressed to nie, as soon us they conveniently can, nnd nlso to leave in readiness for me at their nlacc of abode, in case I call in their absence, a paper writing settinir forth their Dame and surname, place of abode, and the particulars of their qualification, according to the form of notice of claim herewith or to the like purport. IIENRY HARRIS, . Main lload, Ballarat, opposito tho London Chartered Bank. Collector of Ballarat East. 19\. ELKCTOllAI, DISTIUCT OP NOTtTII OBAXT. . Collector's Subdivision. 1\. Ballarat East. Bounded on tlio north by the great dividing ranges, on tho cast by the western branch of the IUvcr iMoorabool, on tlio west by the Itiver Loi^h or Yarrowce, and on the south by a line drawn from a point on the saul Itiver Leigh, tin ee unles south of the southern boundary of the town reserve of UalJarat, due cant of tho said western branch of the Itiver Moorabool aforesaid. KOTICE OF- CLAIM. To the Collector of ...... a , I hereby givo you noticc that I claim to have my namo inserted in the Electoral List for the Electoral District ot (Sobcntmcnt glftliri'ttscntcnfff. North Grant,, or for the South Western Province, (as the caso may be) in virtue of tho» property which I possess at ' + . Dated at thia day of 111 the year 18 5G, Signaturo Residcnco Occupation N.B. If this be sent in consequence of the o.nlmant's name having been omitted from tho list, it should be addressed to tho Registrar of the province or district, or division of the province or district [as ihu case maybe], in, which the claimant desires to be registered, * Freehold or Leasehold. \+ Or ns the case may be, in virtue of my occupation of a house at or of my salary of one hundred pounds a. year, received from C. D., at or of my miner's right, taken out at or of my practising as a solicitor nt or such qualification ns tho claiman may possess. 13 05G m th may 1 Legislative council and as sembl r NOTICE TO.ELECTORS. I hereby givo noticc that all persons entitled to voto in tho election of members for tho District of South Mclbourno, or for the Central Province, in respect of any freehold or leasehold property, or in respect of any other qualification conferring the right to vote iu this division of such district or province, are hereby requested to send addressed to mo, as soon ns they conveniently can, and also to leave in readiness for me at their place of abode, in case I call in their absence a paper writing, setting forth their namo and snrnamo, placc of abode, and the particulars of their qualification according' to the form of notice of claim herewith, or to tho like purport. Signature : R. IIEALES. Residence : 7 Russell street. Collector of St. Paul's Division. Area of Collection : — Bounded on tho nortli-wcst by Lons dale street, on the south-west by Elizabeth street, on south by tho River Yarrn, nnd on the north-east by Russell street. NOTICE OF CLAIM. To the Collector of St rani's Division. I hereby givo you notico that I claim to havo my name in serted in tho Electoral List for tho electoral district of Melbourne or Central l'rovinco [ns tho case may be] in virtue of tho ? property which I possess nt \+ ? ? . ? ; ? ' Dated at this ^ Uuy ol ' ' in the year 1850. Signature Rcsidcnco Occupation N.B— If this be sent in consequence of tho claimant's name having been onnnittcdXroni tho list, it should bo addressed to the Registrar of tho province or district, or division of tlio province or district [as the caso may be] 111 which the claimant desires to be registered. ® FrecholA or Leasehold. \+ Or as tho caso may be, in virtuo of my occupation of a house nt or of my salary of ono hundred pounds a year, received from C. D., at or of my Miner's right taken out at or such qualification as tho claimant may possess.' 20 722 th in up 28 EGISLATIVE COUNCIL AND ASSEMBLY NOTICE TO ELECTORS. I hereby give noticc that all persons entitled to voto in the clcction uf members for tho district of Melbourne, or for the central province, in respect of nny freehold or leasehold pro perty, or in respect of any other qualification conferring the light to vote in this division of such district, are hereby re quested to send, addressed to me, as soon as they conveniently can, nnd nlso to leave in readiness for me nt their place of abode, in caso I call' in their absence, n pnper writing setting, forth their mime and surname, placc of abode, nnd the particu lars of their qualification, according to the form of notico ol claim herewith or to' tlio liko'purport. Signature: GEORGE HAllTWELL. Residence: '230 Boiirko street cast, ono door from Spring street. 1 Collector of Electoral Roll for Eastern Hill. Area of Collection— Bounded on the cast by Gisborno street and nline south to tho river Yarra ; on tlio north by Victoria l'arado ; on tho south nest by Spring streot to Lonsdale street; 011 tho north west by Lonsdale Htrcct; again on the south west by Russell street and n lino produced to tho river Yarra ; nnd on the south by tlio river Turrit, NOTICE OF CLAIM. To the Collector of I hereby givo you notico that I claim to have my name in serted in tho Electoral List for the Electoral District of Mcl bourno or for the central province (as the caso may bo), in vir tue of tho - ? property which I possess nt +_ ? Dated at this day of 'in tho yea 1856. Signaturo : Residence : Occupation : N.B.— If this be sent in conscquenco of tho claimant's name having been omitted from tho list, it should bo addressed to tlio registrar of tho province or district, or division of the pro vince or district (as the case may be), in which the claimant desires to bo registered. ? Freehold or Leasehold. \+ Or as tlie case may be, in virtuo of my occupation of a house nt or of my salary of 0110 hundred pounds a year, received from C. D,, at or of my miner's right, taken out at or of my practising as a solicitor at or such qualification ns the claimant may possess. 38 587 m th, my 1 EGISLATIVE COUNCIL AND ASSEMBLY.— NOTICE TO ELECTORS. 1 hereby givo notico that all persons entitled to voto in the election of members for tho district of Talbot, or of tho North Western Province, in respcct of nny freehold or leasehold pro perty, or in rcspect of nny other qualifiation conferring the right to vote in this division of such district, nro. .hereby requested to send, addressed to me, as soon ns they conveni ently can, nnd also to leave in.readincss for mc nt their place of abode, in case I call in tlicir 'absence; a paper writing setting forth their name and surname, plneo of abode, and the particu lars of their qualification according to tho form of notice of claim herewith or to the like purport. ' Signature : NAGLE BROOKE LOCK. Residence : Mr Moore's Hotel, Fryer's Town. 1 Collector of District of Fryer's Town. Area of Collection : Commencing at tho junction of Limestone Creek with tho Loddon, thcnce by that- creek to its sourcc ; thcnce by aline east to the River Coliban ; tlionce by the Coli ban to the Myrtle Creek ; tliencc by the Myrtle Cieclc to the Mount Alcxniuler Range, Barker's ? Creek, and the River Loddon to tho commonable point, exclusive of the Electoral Boroughs of Castlemaine. NOTICE OF CLAIM. To the Collector of I hereby givo you notico that I claim to have my name inserted in tho Electoral List for the Electoral District of Talbot, or of the North- Western Province (as the case may bo) in virtue of tho * property which I possess nt +_ ? ? Dated at tliis day of in the year 185G. Signature : Residcnco : Occupation : j N.B.— If this be sent in conBcqncnce of tho claimant's name having been omitted from the list, it should be addressed to tho Registrar of the province or district, or division of tho province or district [as the case may bo], In which the claimant desires to be registered. * Freehold or Leasehold. \+ Or ns tho ease may be, In virtuo of my occupation . of a house at or of my salary of ono hundred pounds a year, received from C. D., at or of my miner's right, taken out at or of my practising as a solicitor at or such qualification as tho claimant may possess. 37 587 in th, limy 1 Legislative council and assemblv NOTICE TO ELECLOltS. I herebv givo notice that all persons entitled to voto in the clcction of members for tho district of St. Kilda, or for tho Central Province,' in respect of any freehold or leasehold pro-, perty, or in respcct of any other qualification conferring the right to voto in this division of such district or province, are hereby requested to send, addressed to me, ob soon as they convcnicntlv can, and also .to lcave in readiness for ine at their place of nbo'de, in ease I call in their absence, a paper writing setting forth their name and surname, place of abode, and the particulars of their ualiflcation, according to the form of notice of claim lierewli, or. to the liko purport. Signaturo : W. II. DELANY. ? Residence : Erin Cottage, Prahran, and No, 5 Swan ! Bton street. ? Collector of Elsterriwick. Area of Collection : Bounded on the east by a road bearing north from the south east nnglo of portion 32, cast of Elstern wick ; on tho north by the Beach road ; on tho west by chapel street to the main Brighton road ; on tho nortli-wcst by Wols ford road, and a lino produced therefrom to the sea coast ; 011 the south-west ? by the sea' coast ; and on the' south by a road bearing east to tho commencing point. NOTICE OF CLAIM. . To the Collector of I' hereby give you notico that I claim to have my nnmo in scrfed in tho Electoral List for tho Electoral District of St. ICilda, or for the Central Provinco [as the caso may be] in virtue of tho* property which 1 possess nt : ? ? ? Dated at . this day of i n the year 1650. Signaturo Rcsidcnco Occupation N B.— If this bo Bent in conscquenco of tho claimant's name having been omitted from the list, it should bo addressed to the Registrar of tho provinco or district,, or division of the province or district [as the case may bo] in which tho claimant desires to be registered. ? Freehold or leasehold. . \+ Or [as tho case may be] in virtuo of my occupation of a houso at or of my salary of one hundred pounds a year, received from C. D., at or of mv miner's right, taken out at or of my practising as a solicitor at or Buch qualification as the claimant may possess. 27 U35 ap. 28 EGISLATIVE COUNCIL AND ASSEMBLY.— NOTICE TO ELECTORS. I hereby givo notice, that all persons entitled to vote in the clcction of members for the District of St. ICilda, or for the Central Province, in respect of any freehold or leasehold pro perty, or in respect of any other qualification conferring the right to vote in this division of such district or province, arc hereby requested to send, nddressed to inc., as soon as tliey conveniently can, and also to leave in readiness for me, at their place of abode, in case I call in their absence, a paper writing, setting forth their namo and surname, place of abode, and the particulars of their qualification, according to tho form ' of notice of cloimherewith, or to the like purport. Signature: JOHN CRAVEN. Residence : Chapel street, Prahran. Collector of the Suuth Yarru Division. Area of Collection : Bounded on the north by tho rivor Yarra ; on tlie south west by the main Brighton roud ; on tho Bouth by Nelson street, commonly called the Lower Dande nong road ; and on the east by tho eastern boundary of tho ' electoral district. ©tobentmcnt iH-tibcitisemcnts. NOTICE OF CLAIM. To the Collector of I hereby give you notice that I claim to have my namo in sorted in tho Electoral List for the Electoral District of St. Iulda, or for the Central Province [as tho case m*v bol fn virtue of the J Jl ? property which I possess at Dated at this day. of in the year 185G. Signaturo Rcsidcnco Occupation N.B.— If this bo sent in conscquenco of tho claimant's nams having been omitted from the list, it should bo addressed to tho Registrar of tho provinco or district, or division of tho province or district [as the caso may be], in which tho claimant desires to bo registered. ?.Freehold or leasehold. \+ Or, [as the caso may be], in virtue of my occupation of n house nt or of my salary of ono hundred pounds n year, received from C.D., at or of my miner's right, taken out at; or of my practising as a solicitor at or 8UC^ qualification ns tho claimant may possess. 31 75 LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL OR ASSSEMBLY NOTICE TO ELECTORS. 1 hereby givo notice that all persons entitled to voto in tho clcction of members for tho district of Richmond, or for the Central l'rovinco in respect or any freehold or leasehold pro perty, or in respect of any other qualification conferring tho right to vote in this division of such district, arc hereby re quested to send, addressed to me, as soon as tlicy conveniently can, and nlso to leave in readiness for mo nt their place of abode, in caso I call in their absence, a paper writing, setting forth tlicir name and surname, place of abode, and tho par ticulars of tlicir qualification according to the form of notico of claim herewith or to tlio like purport : Signaturo: RONALD C. F. SMITH. Residence : No. 2 West Bank Terrace, Richmond. Collector of St. James's Division. Area of Collection : Bounded on tho north by Victoria street, 011 tho east and south by tho River Yarra, and on tho west by Church street. NOTICE OF CLAIM. To the. Collector of I hereby give you notico that I claim to havo my namo in serted in tho Electoral List for tho electoral district of Rich- , inond, or for tho central province [as tho case may be] in virtue of .the \ property which I possess nt ' ... ...... \+ ? Dated nt this day of in the year 185G. ' » Signaturo ? Residcnco Occupation N.B. — If this bo Bent In conscquenco of tho claimant's namo having been omitted from the list,i t should bo addressed to tho Registrar of the province or district [as the case may bo] in which the claimant desires to bo registered. ? Frccehold or leasehold. \+ Or [as tho case may be] in virtuo of my occupation of a house nt or salary of ono hundred pounds a year, received froiA C. D., nt . . or minor's right, tnlieno ut nt or of my practising as n solicitor at or suoh qualifica tion as tho claimant may possess. 14 049 m w ap 30 JSft cixljanlusc. MEltlCAN BOOTS, SHOES and RUBBERS. — 500 eases Ilungurian and Fremont nailed boots 200 110 heaVy and lipht, pegged nnd sewed Wellingtoni 50 do calf elastic sido Congress boots 50 do superior long rubber boots 50 do ladies' boots and shoes 10 do rubber overshoes Just received nnd for salo by J. F. MAGUIRE nnd CO., importers, 30 King street. 10 0204 AWOLFEN, 44 Elizabeth street, has 011 Sale, from . Laugdon's, London, at reduced prices Gig and carriage harness, waterproof bags Ladies' nnd hunting saddles, liorso rugs, knapsacks All kinds of whips, silver-mounted, &c.;, nnd walking can cs Champagne, snuterne, hock, claret Sherry in quarter casks and cases, spirits of wino Primo W.l. rum, direct shipment Port wine, treble diamond, in one-dozen eases Caso brandy, various brandB Cigars, Havanahs and Munillas, No. 2 Patent sperm candlcs, pepper, split peas Liverpool soap, various brands Oats, (Danish nnd Scotch), pickleB, &c.; ? 4a 75 RIGHT BROTH12RS nnd CO. havo on Sale, ex Royal Charter, &c.;— Canvas, best Scotch navy, boiled Bedsteads, Winflcld's patent Manilln cordago I Twine, seaming nnd roping I Oilmen's stores, fruits, jams, &c;, Cheese, the finest Dunlop Oatmeal, pearl barley, 4ic. Butter, Cork and Scotch Blankets, white, scarlet, and bluo ? N Domestics nnd croydons. BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO., corner Bond street an Flinders lane. ? ? GJ®L1 b DAVID MASTERTON, having removed from ArcadoPlacct E to those commodious premises, 8G nnd 88 Bourke-streot I west, opposite St. l'utiick's Hall, returns his grateful acknow- J ledgemcnts for all past favors, and trusts from his pre- j sent extensive stock, he will Rtill give that satisfaction to tho ] numerous friends who havo hitherto favored him with their j ? kind support— j Teas, of best chops ] Coffees, rnw, burnt, and ground j ? Sugars, loaf, Cossipore, Mauritius, Manilla, &a; % Cheese, Cheddars, Wilts, Dunlop, &c.; I Butter, Gould's, Honnn's Wollongong, nnd American. J Pork, Irish prime mess, in whole, half, and quarter barrels Salmon, pickled n tierces Salmon, fresh, 1 and 2 lb. tins Herrings, Lockflne, in kegs Herrings, red, in 2 doz. and 1 doz. tins Hams, English and American Bacon, English nnd American Salt, courso and fine, drums do Currants, in barrels und carotccls Spices, in tins Raisins, in casks .and boxes Nuts, of lands Jains, assorted brands Fruits, do do Tickles, quarts nnd pints, Batty's Feast's, tea. Salad oils, assorted Mustards, in tins and bottles Biscuits, fancy and plain Flour, Adelaide and Chilinn Barley, peas, oatmeal, &o; Oats, gram, inuize, bran Ricc, l'atna, Carolina, and China Arrowroot, groats. &o.; Candlcs, Belmont, Neva, French, adamantine ail composite Matches, I.N.E., nnd wnx Soaps, doublo crown, Colonial, &o.; Soda, washing Blue, thumb Starch, Coleman's and Glenfield Tobacco, twist, Bmall plug, nnd lionoydew' Pipes, cuttys, mile ends, yachting, &o.; Rope, Manilla, of sizes Calcutta lines, fine and coar so Boots and shoes, watertights, &c.; Blankets, serge shirts, &c.; : Trousers, moles, cords, &c.; Picks, axes, shovels, &c.; Axe and pick handles, &c.; '] Nails of sizes I Tucks, assorted J Buckcts, tubs, brooms, &o.; j Matting, calicoes, canvass, &c.; I Popper and paper bags 1 Vinegar, white und brown, in casks of 20 and 25 gala. 1 Brandies, in and out of bond | Wines, do do I Porters und nlcs 1 Syrups, Sfancy wines, &c.; ? 2 72G3 1 NOW LANDING, ex Godll'rcdo Munich, from Genoa, and on 1 Sale by the Undersigned, — | Statuary marble mantelpieces, elaborately carved I Statuary marble monuments, in great variety 1 Marble tables and waslistands 1 Marble vases and baths . I Red earthen tiles, suitable for verandahs, So. I IIUXLEY ond PARKER'S Marble and Stono Works, Littlo 3 Collins Btrect cast. 1 G121 ON A L E — Mackic's Edinburgh biscuits, assorted Neva Stcarino candlcs, G to lb. Price's Belmont sperm, No. 1 Westphalia liams Jar salt, in barrels. F. R. WALLEN and SONS, 18 Flinders Inno west. ? 22a 732 np 24 2G 2t ON SALE by the undersigned, at their stoics, 5 and 7 Lft Trobe street cast, from recent arrivals—. MAURITIUS SUGARS : ? Finest counters Do crystals Middling counters '' Ration sugar COSSIPORE : No. 1 East India . . Do Sydney MANILLA : Fine clayed Brewer's nnd ration DUTCH nnd ENGLISH refined : Casks containing G to 14 lb. loaves Crushed in 200 barrels. II C200 ? S. T. HARDY nnd CO ON SALE, by S. ELLIOTT, Ironmonger, Bourko street,/ corner of Russell street,— Mops, door mats and scrapers Tents and tarpaulins 1 Axes, wedges, nnd maul-rings | Ilay ropes and hay knives I Ploughs and harrows I Copper boilers, from 12 to SO gallons I Sheep and cattle bells American tubs, buckcts, nnd brooms Tinware in great variety Carpenters' tools, a large assortment Blasting powder and fuse, cheap Japanned toilet water cans and basins Sugur and spice boxes Chamois skins and plate brushes „ Patent lock hobbles, &e.; ? PRODUCE tF O R SALE. 148 tons Adelaide and Colonial Flour 4300 bushels Bran ' 5970 do Scotch and Colonial Oats 790 do Culcutta Wheat 2000 do Crackcd Maize, now landing ex Storm King j » 40 tons Grain ' 10 do Oatmeal 13 plcts Sussex and Kent nops 470 bushels Malt A variety of Seed Wheat, Oats, nnd Peas TIIOMAS THOMPSON und CO., 40, Littlo Lonsdale-strect, W-'st. 10a 7B5 | Printed and Published by JOHN BOYEi 1', for the 1'roprii toM JOHN BOYETT and CO., at tho Aok Newspaper and Geoe 5 ral Printing Ofllce, 67, Elizabeth street, Melbourne, in , Colony of Victoria. D 