ENGLISH SCRAPS. In Sweden a man who is seen four times drunk is deprived of his vote at. elections, and the next Sunday after the fourth of fence is exposed in the churchyard. . . The Earl of.Roden has given his tenantry notice that he is about to raise their.'rents. Tipperary was never so tranquil • not a single prisoner has been, committed to Clonmel g'aol since lrist assizes for trial at the ensuing' ones—a period of four months. A Paris correspondent, of . a continental contemporary says :—" They- tell me an Englishman has left Londoner Sebastopol, with a little vessel .of:his:own,Vto carry out an idea, which is thor 3Ug'hly English.^ He goes out to obtain stones from;the,fortifi cations of the place, with which he intends building' a .house in.tlie environs of London. This original: is .expected to arrive with his cargo very shortly." , ; It is with deep-regret that;, we,.have to announce the death of another valuable life, sacrificed-, at r the-' shrine, of dut3r—that of Mrs. Willoug'liby- Moore,i Jady .superinten dent of the officers i hospital' at. Scutari. Mrs. Moore,; was the widow ofithat:gallant soldier, Colonel Willoug'liby Moore, who perished in-the Europa, rather than forsake the burning ship so long' as: any of his men were in it. She went out this last summer with a band of nurses ■■ to - organise; and superintend an liosnital; at Scutari for sick and wounded officers, similar to those for the men under Miss' Nightingale. Nearly lialf-a-million of sovereigns are struck off weeldyy.-at! the'reig'lit coining1 presses of the mint. The largest shipbuilding1' "slip" in England is the new one in " Chatham dock yard. It is 300 feet long-, 114 feet wide, and 90 feet high. ! " '• Milk.—The Right Worshipful the Mayor of Waterford took an early ramble lately amongst the ■- vendors of " sweet milk" who squat atsthe Cross and at other places through town, and having' examined and tested with his'lactometer' the pro duce of their dairies,'and'; discovered the, great lack (?) of milk, hut no lack -of water, he upset their pig'gings, cans, and pails into the public streets, to the'great pleasure of the beholders, who saw the a dulterating thieves thus punished for their heartless robberies of the poor and needy. We commend his .worship/ for; this act' of justice.— Water ford Mail'.. i. A Kiss in Fee,—A young' German giil was acquitted on1 tv charge of larceny a sliort time ago,; in the Court of Quarter Sessions. Upon the verdict of acquittal being- rendered >by the jury, she 'manifested her joy and her gratitude in a manner which. very much astonished' her counsel, the court, and: fche^bai'. ...Witli'itearsi-.or.. joyful happiness bursting' from her spark ling- eyes, she' embraced' her counsel, and imprinted; upon >■ his ■ glowing'- clieek a kiss' which resounded throughout the court room, like the melody of sweet music. Her counsel .a; young-vgentlemen of fine personal appearance, .though taken by, sur prise/ received this acknowledgement of his valuable services from his fair > client as a-legal tender.— -Philadelphia Ledger. - | Captain Carpenter, late 41st regiment, wlio was severely wounded at the battle of tlie'Almaj has,'by the decision of the Court of Chancery, come, into -possession of £60,000. - In many-families, and whole hamlets in Barneslyand neighbourhood', ■'a • resolution has beenformed not to use.any.more su'"-ar until the prices are reduced. This resolu tion has made a material difference in sales. The fuel with'which to coolc a-dinner in. Paris costs nearly as much as the dinner itself. ' . V.* " It is said tliat the.iJEmperor. of Austria lxas accepted an invitations from :itherPope tb visit Rome. ' ' By'the'deatlr of Michael Vorprsniartyi' at Pesth, Hungary has jnst lost ,one.of her greatest; poets. t _, One of the St. Petersburg, journals states that the news of the -./London Stock Exchange reaches, St; Petersburg.'; every day in eleven or twelve hours. The Americans- in the Mediter ranean.—The Berlin correspondent ui- tutj; Times saysThe appearance of the North American squadron in the Pirasus has 'been represented to liave liacl no other object than of enforcing- the payment of an indem nity to the American citizen, Mr. King; that affair, however, had been settled in the main before the frigates arrived there, and the only part of it still under discussion was how the payment could be arranged so as to be least irksome and offensive to the Greek Government. The real object . was to back the negociations for the pur chase of one of the Greek Islands, as has ; already been adverted to in your columns. This same game is being carried on by the ' United States towards the Danish Govern ment, for the purchase of an island in the | Baltic, under cover of the agitation for the repeal of the Sound dues. ■ M. JJe Montalembert on England. . , —The Assembled Rationale ■ contains a ; long-extract from an'.admirable article'coni imiinicated ■ by.: M. • de Montalembert'-' to a ijournal called the Correspondent, in wliich : tliatw eminent statesman lias taken tlie : future.-of England for liis subject..- Whilst s admitting',the': many ;defects to be found' in i the national character and institutions, M. |deiMontalembert •warmly enumerates the j thousand virtues that have placed England ■ in her present high position. After a most generous review, of -the,-national resources; i and. character, he gives his deliberate ? opinion' that England, so far from having attained the summit of her power,, is des tined to .play a still grander part. in. the history of the world. r Of the 300 emigrants who landed 'a few i days since at Liverpool from America, it is : stated that a • considerable' ■ portion- were h Irish, and chiefly from the county of Cork. l-i-They, allege; as the reasons ;of - their-return |:tlie great scarcity of employment and- the i i efforts of the linow- Nothing'partyin the I United States to discourage the -; Irish I immigration. i ■; The gentlest . taskmaster we. ever, heard | j of" was -a blacksmith, who used to say every ! j evening' • to: his; apprentices,: "■ Come, boys, i let's leave; offiworky and go' to sawing j wood.", • That blacksmith must be';a brotlier i of the farmer Down' East who, one-season' when he was building.a new house,used to try to get his hired men out with liim to play " dig cellar by moonlight." The young lady who caught a gentle man's eye is requested-to return it. 