Sales by Auction, FBIDAY/2l8t1TOVEMBBB.- "~~ -t* t Potatoes. JM'KAY will ^eell by auction, at his «.-rooms»I7.Quceen-streei, on Friday. 21st inst., at eleven o'clock, 15 tons potatoes, more or less, V.D.L. "~_Without Reserve._2630 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER.. Mnizo and Bran. JM'KAY will sell by auction, at his . rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Friday, 21st ~ lust., at «leven o'clock, ' ïffi bushels maize, whole and cracked 1,040 do bran. _Particulars at Sale._2530 FBIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER. >? " Oats. T M'KAY will sell by auction, at his «I . rooms, 17 Queen-Btreet, on Friday, 2lat inrti, at eleven o'clock, 60 bags superior V.D.L. oats 2,000 do best Scotch; do, if landed 500 do Danish do. |& _Particulars at Sale. 263 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBÊÊ; ' Oats. On Account of Whom it May Concern. JM'KAY, will sell by auction, at his . rooms, 17 Queen street, on Friday, 21sfc inst,. at eleven o'olock, 45 bags Scotch oats, in bad order. »_ Without Beserve._2530 >'" ? '< FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBEB. ' i. i Loaf Sugar. T M'KAY will sell by auction, at his \- ti « rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Friday, 2htinst.,at eleven o'clock, ' ' ) 10, tierces loaf sugar, IO lb loaves. r' *_Particulars at Sale. 2630 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBEB. " Candles. JM'KAY will sell by auction, at his .; rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Friday, 21st rasti, at eleven o'clock, 160 boxes Price's Belmont sperm candles; Particulars at Sale._2630 FBIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER. , Butter, Hams, Cheese, Pickles. On Account of Whom it May Concern. J M'KAY will soil by auction, at his looms, . r\ I? Queen-street, on Friday, 21st inst at eleven o clock, , 80 York hams, slightly tainted 40 tins cheese SO cases pint pickles 16 firkins butter._2630 FBIDAY, 2M NOVEMBER. 1 ' Miscellaneous Goods. On Account oí Whom it May Concern. To Close Accounts. JM'KAY will sell by auction, at his . rooms, 17 Queen-street, on Friday, 21st , inst*. at eleven o'clock, 10 cases and baskets champagne 12 do French pickleB and oils 9 do sherry wine 10 barrels alo and porter 1 clock, toast-rack, ink-stand, glass shad CB Crashing machine, coffee-mill 7 bawelB Guinness's Btout Also, 1 crate earthenware, containing tureens, vegetable dishes, meat, soup, cheese, and dessert plates, pudding shapes, &c.; All Without Any Reserve. 2630 t TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. < Monster Sale of Soft Goods and Millinery, \- 7 just landed from the Startled Fawn and other late arrivals. To be Sold Without Any BeBerve. ""*Important to Warehousemen, Drapers, Milli- ners, Storekeepers. Dealers, and Others, also Buyers for the Adjacent Maihets. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, is in the . receipt of instructions from the im- porters to sell hy public auction, at his rooms, Victoria-buildings, 80 Collins street east, on Tuesday, 25th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, A most elegant and choice assortment of t new fancy drapery and millinery, pur _ chased especially for this market, in the most beautiful condition, comprising 66 packages, viz. - " " Muslin lace curtains Light and dark ground prints Bareges Bonnet ribbons Bice straw and chip bonnets Girls' leghorn hats Girls' brown straw do Lined parasols French delaines Swiss .curtains 'Fancy and small check silks , , Dimities and rough browns . "- -Dressed hollands and huckabacks Rolled shirtings -Croydon sheetings - Grey sheetings White drill trousers Fancy doe trousers White moleskins Drab and millers' moles Boys' and youths' clothing Men's holland blouses Duck trousers Scotch twilled shirts Blue serge shirts Gent.'s white dress shirts Panama hats Canton hats Men's and boys' felt hats Flannels and druggets _, And A large quantity of haberdashery and other goods. Terms at Sale. Commence at Eleven o'clock sharp. 2632 FRIDAY, 2l8t NOVEMBER. To Gentlemen in Want of a First-rate Har- ness Horse. BOUGH ARTY and CO will sell by auction, at their yards (late Bear's Horse Mar ), corner of Queen and Bourke streets, on Friday, 21st inst, at twelve o'clock, if nob previously disposed of, Bay horso, guaranteed thoroughly staunch in any harness, perfectly sound, has fine action, and will carry a lady. To be seen at above yards till day of Sale. | _2606 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. At the Hall of Commerce. Two Substantial Two Story Brick Houses, conjoined, and One Acre of Land, Near the Prahran Hotel, opposite the Inde1 pendent Chapel, Commercial-road, Prahran. By Order of the Mortgagee. PHILPOTT is instructed to sell by , * , auction, at the Public Sales Boom, Ball of Commerce, on Monday, 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, . ~ One acre of land, being portion of section 42 in the parish of Prahran, having 1 chain frontage to Commercial Road by depth of 10 chains. On this land are erected two excellent shops or dwelling-houseB, capable of being converted into one large dwelling-house or hotel ; there sie also, several outbuildings, stables, pig- geries, &c;, and there is sufficient ground to form a large gaiden, the whole being securely fenced and subdivided. This property was formerly used as the South Bourke Auction Mart. Terms :-Half cash ; remainder at three and six months, bearing interest at 8 percent, per annum._2128 alt ,, THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER. Absolute Sale. To QUartz-Orushers. At the Hall of Commerce. The Coliban Quartz-Crushing Machine and Establishment. By Order of the Official Assignee, Edward Courtney, Esq. , W PHILPOTT is inBtrucredby theOfficial . Assignee to sell by public auction, at the Public Sales Room, Hall of Commerce, on > îhursday, 27th inst, at twelve o'clock, Without Beserve, The quartz-crushing establishment on the river Coliban, with it's powerful and well constructed machinery. This machinery has been fitted at an enor- mous cost, and is worked by a six- horse engine. There is an amalgamator with three balls attached, and the boiler is of substantial plato and thoroughly equal to the power re- quired. . . , ,. , , . The auctioneer is requested particularly to recommend all persons inteicsted in quartz mining to visit the establishment, and to inspect the machinery, which will be found to be in perfect working order, and fitted with the latest improvements. Miners having a good quartz reef location should not lose this opportunity of purchas- ing, at a remarkably advantageous rate, a wost effective crushing plant. Directions.-Leave the main road from Kyneton to the Coliban, at one mile from. iEyneton on the left side, and proceed thence three miles to the Coliban, at which spot/ the ettablishment will be found. - ¡ The machinery is protected by a substan- tial weatherboard building, and there is also a food five-roomed weatherboard cottage, 26 feet y 88, canvassed and papered. The machinery can be taken to pieces, and «moved with the gieatest facility, as there Bot one piece that will exceed 25 cnt. Terms- Cash. 2007 alt and nor 21 v/k w. MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. At the Hall of Commerce, Valuable City and Suburban Properties. By Order of the Mortgagee. WILLIAM PHILPOTT is instructed to sell by auction, at the Public Sales Boom, Hall of Commerce, on Monday, tho 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, The undermentioned properties- < Loti. All that piece or parcel of land situate anil being in the City of Melbourne, in the parish of North Melbourne, in the county of Bourke, in the colony of Victoria, being lots 1,2, and 8, of tho plan of subdivision of allot- ment 14 of block 23, bounded on tho' north by Lonsdale-street, commencing at the north-east corner of said allotment 14 and tearing westward from the said commencing point along the Bouth side of the said street 66 feet ; on the west by part of allotment 15 of the said block, in a line at right angles to Lonsdale-street aforesaid, bearing southerly 78 feet ; on the south partly (that is to say as to 44 feet, hy a 12-feet road or way reserved out of said allotment 14 bearing easterly 44 feet, then by a line at right angles to the'last line, bearing south 12 feet ; then again on the south by part of lot 4 of the said plan of ; nb division in a line at light angles, bearing easterly 22 feet ; and on the east by part of allotment 13 of the said block, by a line at right angles to the lnst line, bearing northerly tO feet to the commencing comer aforesaid. Together with the store and all other erec- tions and buildings erected and built or standing and being thereon, and now in the occupation of Messrs. Button, Sawkins, and Co,No. 166. Lot 2. All that parcel of land situate in the parish of Jika Jika, in the county of Bourke, in tho enid colony, being part of portion 21-com- mencing at a point 278 feet west from the eastern boundary-line and 411 feet 6 inches south from the northern boundary-line ot the said portion, and hounded on the west by a street one chain wide, called Docker-street, reserved out of the said portion No.21. in alina bearing south C6 feet, on the south by other Ïart of the said portion in a line bearing east 26 feet, on the east by a road or way 14 feet ?wide in a line bearing north C6 feet, and on the north by other part of the said portion in ft line bearing west 125 feet to the commenc ingpoint. Together with the messuages or tenements, erections and buildings, erected and built or standing and being thereon, at present in the occupation of the Rev. Mr, Perks. # The title-deeds relating to the above proper fies can be inspected at the offices of Messrs. Bines and Sandwell, solicitors, 60 Chancery ¡nne, Melbourne, where any further informa- tion that may he required may bo had. 2235 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. At the Hall of Commerce. By Order of the Mortgagee. All those Brick and Stone Premises at Kil- more now in the occupation of the Oriental Bank Corporation, with Largo Building Frontago to the High Sydnoy-road, and Main Street of the Township. "W7 ILLIAM PHILPOTT is instructed to T» sell by auction, at the Public Sales Boom, Hall of Commerce, on Monday, 24tU inst.. at twelve o'clock. All that piece or parcel of land containing hy admeasurement three roods and sixteea reiches, be the same' a little more or less, situate, lying or being in the town of Kilmore, in the parish of Willowmavin, in the colony' of Victoria, being allotment number six of sec- tion number nine of the said town, and commencing at the end of Andrew-street junction, with the reserved road fifty links vide, and bounded on the north-east by the Eontn westBideofAndrew-street.báaringBouth twenty-eight degrees eight minutes east, ninety-six and a half links to allotment number one of said section number'nine : on the south-east hy the north-west boundary line of the said allotment number one, bearing west twenty-nine degrees fifteen minutas Fonth, four chains ninety-tbree links to Sydney-street ; on the west by the east side of Sjdney-street, from the turn thereof, hearing north seven degrees west, three chains nine and a halflinkB to its junction with the re- served road, fifty links wide; and on the nor.h by the south side of said reserved road, bearing east four chains thirty links to its junction with Andrew-street at the corner of co-n mencement. Together with the brick and stone-house, messuage, dwelling-house or building, with the out-officeB thereto belong- ing, and now erected and being upon the said piece or parcel of land, and now let and in the occupation of the Oriental Bank Cor- poration, at a rental of two hundred and fifty pounds per annum. This, property is situate in the most vain able p$rt of the township of Kilmore. KU more has, from the earliest settlement of the country, been the most thriving township, and the prosperity which it has enjoyed must be rendered permanently sscuro to it by the immense tracts of rich agricultural country which surround it on all sides. The fact of the buildings being occupied by ihe Oriental Bank proves that they are of high character, and weU in advance of the age. It does not often fall to the lot of an auctioneer to offer a property which will make so large a return to the purchaser as this will in its present state, and if the un- occupied frontage to the main street be built then the return will be largely increased. For further particulars apply to E. Murphy, Esq., solicitor, corner of Elizabeth and Little Collins streets. Titlo Undoubted. Terms : One-half cash, remainder three and six months, with bank interest added. 2331 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER. 4 Cases Goose Feather Beds. J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction, at « the Now Commercial Sales Boom, Bonrke-street, on Friday, 2lst inst., imme- diately following the sale of chimney glasseä, 16 primo white and groy English gooae feather beds In Lots to Suit Buyers Present. No Reserve. 2636 FRIDAY. 20th NOVEMBER. J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction, at . the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke street, on Friday, 20th inst., at twelve o'clock precisely, 10 cases mole trousers, assorted qualities 5 do men's superior clothing, compri- sing Doe and tweed coats in every variety Do do trousers Do do and silk hats Silk and alpaca summer coats White drill trousers Light woollen jumpers and undershirts 2 cases assorted hosiery 3 cases drapory and haberdashery Also A variety of misceUaneous soft goods, to close consignments. Terms- Cash. No Reserve, 2462 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER. To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others, J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction, at a the New Commercial Sales Room, Bonrke-street, on Friday, 21st inst,, at twelvo o clock precisely, (previous to the soft goods cases splendid chimney-glasses, in gilt frames, best British plates, sizes from 60 in. x 60 in., downwards [ 3 do do, in rosewood frames 2 do elegant toilet glasees, mahogany frames, on twisted columns, with drawers. _Without Reserve. 2607 STORE CATTLE. BOY/ and CO. have for sale, and and ready foi immediate delivery, 870 head of superior stole cattle, equal sexes, over two years old. Apply at their ofHces, Bourko-Blieet. 1 2639nov24 E SATURDAY, 22nd NOVEMBER. To Merchants, Shipowners, Shipmasters, Spe- culators, and Parties Wishing to Trade to New Zealand the South Sea Islands, and the West Const of America. HA. COFFER of Beaver and Coffey, is . favoured with instructions to sell by auction, at their tooms, 3G Collins- street west, on Friday, 21st iust, at eleven o'clock. The American Clipper ELEONORA, ISO tons register, 250 tons buidcn, built of tho strongest material, and thoroughly zinced, caulked, and substantially refitted in August last, at a cost of several hundred pounds. Her Cabin Accommodation Is perhaps unsurpassed in the colonies for eize (sufficient for forty first- class) and finish, , The inventory Is most complete, and in- cludes every necessary for a first- class sea- going vessel, comprising anchors, chains, vthrps, sails, &c.; Her sailing qualities are of the first order, having made some extremely rapid passages between New Zealand and other colonies. She has just now returned from Sydney without receiving the slightest damage during Üio late heavy gales. TttHJB in a futuro, advertisement, 2382 Sales by Aucion. SATURDAY,- 22nd NOVEMBER. Ta, China Warehousemen, Dealors, and 1 Tfchers. 85 Crates IronUono Blue, Printed, and Yellow Earthenware, Ex Merlin. HA. COFFEY, of Beaver and Coffey, is I . instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms, SC Collins street west, on Saturday, 22nd inst., 5 crates earthernware, Redan pattern, newest designs and shapes 10 do well-selected yellow ware, consisting of bakers, bowls, &c; 16 do pudding-bowls, jugs, &o; 5 do ewers, chambers, exe M in diamond á crates toilet sets, Bedan, Fblue 6 do do poppy pattern, pudding bowls, milk jugs, &c.; 4 do chambers, O C Druid jugs, vege- table dishes G do water jogs, breakfast cups and saucers, porter mugs, and oblong bakers 4 do bowls, bakers, oblong bakers, jugs, &c.;_2602 SATURDAY, 22nd NOVEMBER.. To China Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others. Ohinaware. HA. COFFEY, of Beavor and Coffey, is . instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms, 36 Collins-street west, on Saturday, 22nd inst., at eleven o'clock, W 4 tierces china breakfast cups and sau- cers, gold-edged 6 do do do cups and saucers, F. blue, muf- fins, slops, sugars, butters, platos dessert do, teacus andjaucers, gold edge 4 do do do do milk-jugs, butters, muffins, breakfast plates, &c.; Also, A choice assortment of superior glass- ware. Terms and Particulars at Bale. 2512 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER. I To Warehousemen, Retail Drapers, Store-1 keepers, and the Trado in General. To Close Consignments. ROSSITER and LAZARUS will sell by auction, at their roomB, 80 Elizabeth street, on Friday, 21st inst,, To Olose Consignments, Without the Slightest Reserve, Men's merino vests Do lamhswool drawers and pants Women's white cotton hose Men's brown cotton half-hose Children's socks, in great variety White and drab Bateen stays White coutllle do Bleached longcloths Barege squaro shawls Do long do, 10-4,12-4,16-4 Black crapes Sewn muslin goods Panama hats Cabbage-treo hats Tweed trouBors White and drab mole do 8-4,10-4,12-4 white mosquito nets Ladies' underclothing 5-4 fancy prints Silk and satin vests Silk and kid gloves Blue and seal let blankets. _Terms at Sale. 174 nov 21 MONDAY. 24th NOVEMBER. Drapery, Slops, and Clothing. To Warehousemen, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Ex Orwell. SilRASER and COHEN have received in " structions to sell by auction, at the art, on Monday, 24th inst., at eloven o'clock sharp, The following now and BeaBonable goods, now landing ex Orwell : 3 coses of Bedford cord trousers 5 do of millers' drab mole do 5 do do do 8-shaft cord do 8 do super regatta shirts, Swiss fronts 2 do do white shirts, linen fronts and collars 6 do do Scotch twill do, lined backs 2 do do youths' do, do IO do of silver drab mole trousers 4 do assorted hosiery 8 trunks of superior doo trousers, fly fronts 2 cases boys'and youths'mole trousers 2 do white drill shooting coats and trousers 3 trunks best check tweed and doe trousers, fly fronts 6 bales 7'<!-inch srey sheeting 2 do 86-do do 3 do 36-do tthite shirtings 5 do light patterns five-quarter prints 1 case brown di ill trouseis 1 do black cloth do 1 do boys' and youths' drill do 2 do best grogram and silk - warp al- paca oxonian coats 2 bales beBt cotton ticks 1 case delaine dresses 1 do shooting and oxonian coats 1 do blnok summer sporting coats 1 do maids' and women's tuscan bonnets 1 do habits coloured lisle gloves 1 do tape check muslin dresses 1 do sewed muslin and cambiio collars, belts, habits, chemisettes, &c.; 1 dograss-oloth, lustre, and figured satin vests 2 do light summer tweed suits 1 do superior assorted glade and satin 1 do do assorted silk and satin parasols, &c.; Terms at Sale. 2533 TUESDAY 25th NOVEMBER. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Dealeis ant Others. FRASER aud COHEN have received in structuras to sell by auction, at tk< ' mart, on Tuesday, 25th inst., at olevon o'clocl Bhnrp. 38 cases of Single and double barrel guns Long-handle American shovels Short do do do American axes, handled Do picks Assorted cabinetmakers' furniture Bim locks Hinges Clout nails Iron and tin tacks Chisels Screws Gimblets, &c.; _Terms at Solo. 2533 TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. 470 Tins Paints, Assorted Colors. FRASER and COHEN havo received in. stmotions to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, 26th instant, at eleven o'clock, A S, 2-9. 8 Tierces Paints 2-61 tins black paint, each 28 lb 3-49 do do do do do 4- 68 do green do do do 5-45 do yellow do do do 6f25 do blue ]doflof1f) l44dogreonjcl0{lodo 7/20 do black lflododo j 23 do yellow i<,od0(10 8-70 do red do do do 9-70 do green do do do _TermB at Sale._2633 TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. 27 Trunks of Superior Summer Boots and Shoes. Î71BASEB and COHEN have received in * structions to Bell by auction, at the art, on Tuesday, 25th inst,, at eleven o'clock, 27 trunks of superior summer boots and shoes, comprising Ladies best japan calf slippers Do do do do operas Do do do do rounds Girls' and maids' enamelled slippers, trimmed Ladies' patont calf slippers Children's patent calf straps Girls' best lasting boots, japan fronts Do do cashmere do, do Do do Spanish slippers Do do japan do, spring-fronts , Ladies' enamelled calf slippers, operas, trimmed Do patent calf do, and sandals, B B ' Do cashmere side-spring boots Do cloth do do ' Do do, to lace Girls' cashmere side- spring boots Youths' and boys' best bluchers ' Men's do do . Do do oxonians, &c.; I _Terms at Sale._2533 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. i Notice. WM. TENNENT and CO.'S Sales by) . Auction, at the Wharf, of Deals, Flooring boards, and ] Cargo of Hard wood, j On Monday, 24th inst., will commence at tonj o'clock, prior to the Government Land Sale. [ 2531 j Sales by Auction. MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. At Twelve o'clock, to, Follow the Government . . Land Sale. City Property, Eligible and Lucrative Invest- ment. To the Merchants and Capitalists of Mel- bourne,'&c.; Sale of Two Highly Valuable and Entire Go- vernment Allotments. Situate in the Most Important Locality of the City of Melbourne for Commercial and other Purposes, being respectively Allotment 4 of Section No. 17. Allotment 6 of Section No. 32. In close proximity to the Terminus of tho Railway, the Government Offices, and tho Wharves. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received . instructions to Bell hy auction, ., t I their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, 21th j inst., at twelvo o'clock, One of tho most valuable and important properties which have been yet offered to pub- I lio competition, comprising, Two entire Government allotments in the most important locality of the city of Mel- bourne, as will ho seen upon roferonce to the plan of the city of Melbourne. Allotment 4 of section 17 has a noble front- age of 60 feet to Bourke-streot. hy a depth o 313J, running into Little Bourke-street. Allotment 6 of Section 32 lins a frontnçe of 66 feet to Lonsdale-street, by ndepth of 812J feet to Little Lonsdale-street. In introducing this property to the notice of the public the auctioneers feel that to en Inrge upon its desirability would be an act of fiipererogation, and therefore content thein btlves by briefly adverting to a few of the many advantages which it offers-firstly, to , the merchant, bv its close proximity to The Railway Terminus The Government Offices and Tho Wharves and Docks. The whole of the thoroughfares from which being now in a very excellent stato of repair, flffoid easy transit of goods ; and the rapidly increasing wharfage accommodation seems to enhance the valuo of property in this neigh- bourhood, and makes it- peculiarly desirable for the erection of stores and warehouses. To persons seeking sites for private resi- dences this property recommends itself as being in the beBt part of tho western extre- mity of the town, in a fine healthy and airy situation, and surrounded by the private re- sidences of many of the most respectable and ] substantial colonists of Victoria. ) Title-Grant from the Crown to the Ven- dors. Terms Very Liberal, at Sale. For full and further particulars apply at tho offices of J. A. J. MACGREGOR, Esq., Solici- tor, No. 40 Bonrko-street east, ana at the looms of the auctioneers. Note.-Each allotment will first ho offered i in its entirety, and, if not thus disposed of, ' will then IKS put up subdivided according lo a plan to' be seen at the rooms of the auc- . f ioneers, or nt tho office of J. A. J. MacGregor, Esq._2303 TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. Preliminary Notice. Kartell's Brandy, Brass's Bottled Beer. Sherry, Manilla Cigars. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. The above now Landing, Ex Constitution. TTT M. TENNENT and CO. will sell by TT . nnrtion. at their rooms, on Tuesday, 26th inst. at twelve o'clock, To follow tho Government Land Sale, 20 hhds. brandy 200 risks Byass's bottled alo 12 hhds. do ÎG qrs. fine palo sherry 15 cases No. 2 Manilla cigars &c.; Full and further particulars, and terms prior to sale. Samples at the rooms of the auctioneers prior to sale._2440 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Cargo of Timber ex Scotia. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at the Australian Wharf, on Monday, 24th inst., at ten o'clock, After the cargo of deals, &a;, ex British Lion, Full-cut V. D. L. timber Quartering, 10 to 16 feet long Joistinf;,6x8,13 to 16 do Do, 6 x 8, 11 to 15 do Do, 8 x 8, 9 x 3, li to 12 do Do, 6xd. 6x4,9 to 16 do Do, 8 x 4, 6 x 6,8 to 12 do Also, 2.C0O palings. Obsorvo-Ten o'Olock. -2610 TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others, Balance of Wines and Spirits, Ex Tnv, from Bordeaux. WM. TENNETT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 26th inst., at twelvo o'clock, To follow tho Government Land Sale. Samples at the Rooms, Ex Tay, 400 cases best claret "Gd. Vin Panillac." Medoc, 1851, each 1 dozen, duty paid 100 do. Medoo, 1851, each 2 dozen pints, duty paid 180 do. fine old cognac in bond, each 1 dozen. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 2440 TUESDAY, 26th NOVEMBER. To Follow tho Government Lund Sale. Sherries, Raspberry Vinegar, Marmalade, Pickles, Opium, Paper, Ginger. &c.; To "Wine and Spirit Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and OthcrB. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 26th inst., at twelvo o'clock, B, 320 cases sherry G D, 80 do do 40 do raspberry vinegar. Also, 15 cases Wothcrspoon's marmalade 2 tons brown ginger 90 cases pint pickles 6 tons brown paper, Sec. Torms at Sale, 2610 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Tmrortant and Unreserved Sale of Baltic Deals and Portland Cement. Ex British Lion. To Timber Merchants, Contractors, Builders, and the Trade. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received . instructions to Bell by auction, at lho Australian Wharf, on Mondoy, 24th inst,, at ten o'clock, Prior to the sale of cargo of the Scotia, from V.D.L.,) 2Û0 solid deals. 11 x 3,10 to 21 feet long. 220 2 cut do do do 220 8 do do do do 220 5 do do do do 800 solid deals. 14 to 25 feet long, 7x3 9 x 8,11 x 3,14 x 3,16 x 8,20 x 3. Also, 200 casks Portland cement, just landed, and in first-rate order. Observo-Ten o'clock. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 2510 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. To Follow tho Government Land Sale. To Persons Seeking a Safe and Profitable Investment. To Capitalists and All Classes Deairous of Securing a Comfortable Homestead in the Best Part of tho City of Melbourno. Eligible Freehold House and Ground, Situate in Stanley-street, near Eing-street, North Melbourno. WM. TENNENT and CO. have ro . ceived instructions to soil by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, for half-past, All that desirable block of land situate ia Stanley-street, near King-street north, having a frontage of C6 feet to Stanley street, by a depth of 146 feet. Upon this property is erected an excellent dwelling-house, contain- ing seven rooms and two attics, kitchen, ser- vants' room-known as Lily Cottage. Also a detached stone stable, with servants' room, nnd other out-offices. The buildings are all on stono foundations, nnd slated roofs. For convenience as to loca- lity, beauty of sccnory, and other numerous advantages, this property is unsurpassed, and intending purchasers are invited to view the premises and judße for themselves, For further paitlculars apply at the rooms of the auctioneers. Title Guaranteed. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 1697 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER. To Shipchandlers, Paintere, Storekeepers, and Others. White Lead, Turpentine, Stockholm Tar, Kcßin AC T¥r M. TENNENT'and" CO. will sell by VV . auction, at their rooms, on Fridayl 21st inst., at twelve o'clock, 160 kegs best quality white lead, each 60-lbs.(iron kegs) ' 100 do do, each 28-lbs. 70 drums turpentine ? 200 barrels resin 29 do Stockholm tar, &c.; ¡ Terms at Sale. 2631 Bales by Auction. MONDAY, 24th-NOVBMBEB. To Follow the Oarpoes of the BritiBh Lion and Scotia. Observe--:at Ten o'clock, on Accounfof the \- Government Land Sale. .< To Timber Merchants, Builders, and OtheiB. Flooring Boards, Bed Battens, Window Sashes, &c.; WM. TENNENT and CO. have received . instructions to sell by auction, on Monday, 24th inBt., at ten o'clock, on account of the Government Land Sale, after the car- goes of British Lion and Scotia, 800,000 feet floorlng-boardB.exlJtonguai and grooved 10O pair saBhcs and frames complete. Also, 1,500 red Baltio battens, &c.; ^_Terms at Sale. 2631 FBIDAY, 2ht NOVEMBER. To Furnishing Ironmongers, Stoiekeepers, and the Trade generally. Paris Patent Enamelled Ware, Assorted Hollowware, Garden Pumps, &c.; WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell uv . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 21st inBt., at twelve o'clock, Enamelled waro. Saucepans, wash basins, bowls Dinner and soup plates Milk pans, drinking cups, mustards, spit- toons. Hollowware. Tinned kettles and covora, saucepans ; boilers, teakettles, saucepans, &o.; Also, 50 garden pumps, brass and zinc, assorted ' sizes. _Terms at Sale. 2531 SATURDAY, 22ud NOVEMBER. To Glass and China Warehousemen, Eartkcu ware Dealers, and the Trade generally. Important Sale of Eighty-four Oasks of I Glassware and Twenty-fivo Crates of Earthenware. Now Landing, ex Bethia Jewett and other I late An ¡vals. WM. TENNENT and 00. will sell by . auction, at their rooms, on Saturday, 152nd inst., at twelvo o'clock, I (Samples at the Rooms Prior to Day of Sale,) I 84 casks glassware, consisting of Elegant out glues tumblers, wines Do do claret decanters Do do oaraffes, finger basins Bo do liqttems, champagnes Do do goblets, jell ies Glass egg cups, mustards, jars, butter dishes, sweetmeats, dishes, various sizes; cruet-frames, Bugara, salts, picklo dishes, wine-coolers, finger cups, picklo frames, moulded glass- ware, various. Also, 26 crates earthonware, comprising Toilet Bets, in great variety Breakfast cups and saucers Cover dishes BakerB Plates, various Bowls, &c.; Terms at Sale. 2531 ' MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. ' '1 o Newly-Arrived Immigrants, Speculators, and Others. Desirable Section of Land, of 150 Acres, about 12 Miles from Melbourne. For Positive Sale. WM. TENNENT and 00. havo re . ceived instructions to Bell by auction, at their rooms, CollinB-street, on Monday, 24th ID st,, Immediately after the Government land cale, 156 acres of land, in the parish of Tarneit, being portion O of section 24. This is an opportunity worthy tho atten- tion of parties requiring a section of land near town. The soil is good, and thosituation is easy of access, hoing only ono section oil from the main line of Geelong road. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 1 Ian to be seen at the mart of the auc- tioneers._2631 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER. For the Benofit of Whom it Moy Concern. Old Yollow Metal. W M. TENNENT and CO. will sell by VV . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 21st inst., at twelve o'clock, Three tons, (moie or less), old yellow metal, taken off ship's bottom, beaten up for reshipmen t. To be taken from alongside the Prinz Carl, in Hobson's Bay, for account of the concerned. _Tei ms-Cash._2581 FRIDAi, 21st NOVEMBER, COBSÍ pore Sugar, ii ore or Less Damaged, ex Corio. For Account of Whom It May Concern. WM. TENNENT and CO. will hell by . auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 21st inst, at twelve o'clock, 79 bags No. 1 Cossipore sugar, with all faults, for account as above. _Terms-Cash._2531 FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER To Produco Merchants, Provendor Dealers, and Others. Primo V. D. Land Feed Oats, Do Scotch do. Do Limerick do. WM. TENNENT and CO, will sell by . auctoin, at their rooms, on Friday, 2]Btinst., at twelve o'clock, 1,000 bushels Scotch oats 1,500 do primo V. D.Laud do 120 do do Limerick do. Now landing. In Lots to Suit Purchasers. ^_Terms at Sale,_2535 j THURSDAY, 27th NOVEMBER. To Farmors, Speculators, and Others. Immediately after the Government Land Sale.) . , WM. TENNENT and CO. havo received . instructions from the proprietor to Bell by auction, at their rooms, ou Thursday1 27th inst.. Immediately after the Government Land Sale. Four valuablo farms, situate at Bacchus Marsh, being portion B of section 0 luribh ot Merima, fronting the Gisborne-ioad, on the Commode Creek, and within a few yards of the great Melbourne and Ballaarat roads, and about half a mile from the new flour mille, adjoining the large Government íeserve. The above properties are well adapted for vineyards or agricultural purposes, boing woll sheltered by the surrounding hills. There is alBO abundance of wood, and a never-failing supply of water. To newly-arrived persons tho above pre- i Bents an opportunity of securing a useful pro- perty, that rcnuircB only a small outlay, and ensures a speedy return. j Title-Crown Grant to Vondor. I _TermB Liberal, at Sale. 2381 alt FRIDAY, 21st NOVEMBER. Doublo Rose Cork Butter. Prime Now Adelaide do. do, To Provision Merchauts, Qrocors, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by . auction, at their looms, on Friday 21st inst., at twelve o'clock, » 45 firkins double rose Cork butter, now landing, guaranteed first quality 5 casks new Adelaide butter, ice. _Terms at Sale._2631 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER Desirable Property in Hanover Btreet, Col- lingwood. SYMONS and PERRY will Boll by auction at the Commercial Sales Room, on Mon- day, 24th inst,, at twelve o'clock, All that píese or parcel of land, having a frontage of 48 feet to Hanover- street, Colling- wood, by adepth of 76 feet to a right-of-way leading into Fitzroy-Btreet, being portion of suburban section No. 60, known as Webb s Paddock. Title Unexceptionable. The above property is situated near the junction of Hanover with Nicholson- street, in a high and healthy part of Collingwood, and will be sold eithorin one or two lots, to suit purchasers. "., Terms at Sole. 2451 MONDAY. 24th NOVEMBER. To Small CapitaliBts, Market-Gardcnors, and Others, mall Market Gardon, Within a Short Dis- tance of Melbourne. SYMONS and PERRY will sellby auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, A snug little property, consisting of a house of three rooms, store-room, cart-house, two etalled stable, fowl-house, and_ well of water tecuroly covered in, all fenced in-back and front by stone, sides by a three rail fence; to- gether with 2} acres of ground, now under tiop with potatoes, peas, and wheat; and a tmall garden ol fruit-trees, being portion Allotment 107, parish Jika Jika. Teims at Sale. The above property is Bituate at Northcote, oil the Plenty-road, and only three miloa from Melbourne, is now under cultivation as n market-garden, and off eis a good oppor- tunity to parties on the look-out for such an investment. . ,, "._" Title Unexceptionable. 2377 Sale« by Auction. MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Desirable Suburban Property, near Hawthorne. To Persons Requiring a Comfortable Country Residence, SYMONS an«l PERRY are instructed to sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Boom, on Monday, 24th inst., at twelve o'clock, A comfortable cottage residence, containing three rooms, entrance hall, pantry, &c;, the wholo well built of brick, situated at Haw- thorne, near the residence of Mr. Justice Wrixon and Mr. Howetson, about a mile and half from Richmond Bridge, Togother with , Six acrqs of rich land, three acres at present cropped-with potatoes'and oats,', tho whole well and securely fonced in ; there is also a large garden, fonced with paling, stocked with finit-irees, and a water-hole, containing an abundant supply of good water. Title Unexceptionable. For further particulars apply at the rooms of the auctioneers. i Terms at Sale. The land above-mentioned is portion of sec- tion No. 72, Boroondara, and has a frontage to a Government roadileading into the road, t Gardiner's Creek and Oaulftold. > 2511 , MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. To Persons Seeking Investments, Speculators, and Others Unreserved Sale of Vuluablo City Property, (3 YMON8 and PERRY have 'received in KJ structions to sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 24th inst ,at twolve o'clock, Without Eeserve, All that valuable <piece< of land having a frontage of 66 feet to Flinders- lane east, by a depth 04.96 feet 6 inches, to La Trobé"-parade, being portion of < ¡allotment No. 15, of sec- tion No. 7, City of Melbourne. Together with i A comfortable family residence erected on the above land,, containing seven rooms, kitchen, two closets, stabling, &c;, being No. 117, now in the occupation of Mr. Leage. Pos ession can be had in March, 1857. Terms Liberal, declared at Sale. To persons seeking investments, the above offers a very favourable opportunity, situated as it is in the most healthy part of the City of Melbourne, having a fine view of the Yarra Yarra and Hobsoni Bay. For particulars of title application to be made at the office of Mr. BELL, Solicitor, Swanston-street. , 2377 POSTPONED TO TUESDAY, 26th NOVEM- BER. In Consequence of Thursday being Holiday Elegant and Modern Household Furniture, Glass, Superior Piano, Carriage Horses, At the Residence of - Jeffery, EBq., Victoria parade. To Private Families, Furniture Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY are favoured with instructions from - Jeffery,'Esq.. who is leaving for England, to submit to public com- petition, on tho premises, situated in Victoria parade, (late the residence of J. P. Bear, Esq . on Tuesday, 25th Inst., at twelve o'clock, An elegant and useful assortment of house- hold furniture, noarly new,' and of the newest pattern, comprising Drawing-room furniture, cn suite Elcgnnt mirrors, in variety Do. window- hangings Dining-room furniture Do. tables Loo tables Handsome cut glass chandelier, eight lights Carpets Vases Lustres Chinaware Bedroom furniture A magnificent grand square pianoforte, nenrly new A very handsomo park catriogc, suitable for one or two horses, with seml eliptic springs, and built of teak, light hut substantial A very superior pair of bay carriago horses, good in single or double har- ness, young, perfectly sound and ouiet Handsomo sot of double harness, sad- dlery, &c.; Terms-Cash. The auctioneers beg to call especial atten- tion to the above furniture, the whole of it being equal to now and of the best workman- ship. Catalogues may be obtained in a few days, _2257 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Damaged Flour and Bran. Ex Ellen Simpson and Carribcan. AG. M'COMBE will soil by miction, in . his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 24th inst., at elc\ en o'clock, 400 bags damaged Chilian and San Francisco flour and bran, Ex Ellen Simpson and Oarribean. To ho sold for the benefit of all concerned. Full particulars in future advertisements. _2634 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. Clearing-out Sale. Balance of Mr. De Young's Goods. áG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, ia . his rooms, Collins-street, next the k of Australasia, on Monday, 24th inst., at eleven o'clock, 33 pieces 72-inoh drills 40 bolts navy canvas, assorted Nos. 460 flour and 8 bushel bags 1160 black- sand hags 14 pieces 72-lnch calico 20 pieces striped calico and dowlas 14 navy canvas tarpaulins, assorted sizes 29 drill flies, do 26 drill tents, do 30 pieces carpets 48 flags, and quantities of hunting. No Reserve. 2534 i MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. To Drapers, Haberdashers, and Others. , AG. M'COMBE will soil by auction, in his a rooms Collins-street, next the Bank of? Australasia, on Monday, 24th inst., at eleven; o'clock, 1 case, 28 pieces 72-inch Croydon sheet- ings 1 bale. 24 dozon serge shirts 1 do, 21 pieces 72 inch Wigan, No. 21 1 do, 20 pieces 72 inch groy sheeting 1 do, 25 dozon twilled regattas (lined backs) 1 do. 20 pieces 68-inch greys 1 bale 20pioces 72-inch do. Terms nt Bale. 2634 MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. St. Kilda. Most Valuable Freehold Property, Situate in Hoddlo-street, St. Kilda, Near the Residences of W. H. Tuckott and \- Hooston, Esqrs., And Opposite the Hare and Hounds Hotel. XTP EASBY and CO. have received instruo T* . tions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their mart, 33 Collins street, on Monday, 24th inst., at one o'clock, All that valuablo plot of land, having a ' frontage to Hoddlo-street of 100 feet, by a depth of 200 feet. This splendid property ÍB in the same street and near the residences of W. H. Tuckett and \- Hooston, Esqrs,, and is bounded on the south side by Messrs. Tullett and Watt's fur- niture warehouse, is opposite tho Hare and Hounds Hotel, and at the junction of Grey and Hoddle streets. . Thih allotmont will be offered in one lot, or f sub-divided into two lots.as purchasers may re i Quire. Tho pioperty is fenced, and commands a beautiful view of tho Bay and .country, and to parties in quest of first-rato sites for build- ( ing purposes, is well worthy their attention. It has a noble frontage and depth, and will be sold to tho highest bidder. | Tcims Liberal, declared at time of Sale. _'_2635 j MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER. ¡ Easoy's Paddock, St. Kilda. Opposite the Residence of W. F. Stawell, Esq., and having a Frontage to the Government Reserve on the Beach. WJ EASEY and CO. have received in yV . structions from tho proprietor to eell hy auction, at their mart, Collins-street, on Monday, 24th inst., at one o'clock, All that pieco of land having a frontage of 40 feet to the Government Reserve hy a depth of 80 feet, with another frontage of 40 feet to a road leading from Ackland-street- to the beach. / This allotment of land is, without excep- tion, the pick of St. Kilda. It has one of the finest views of the Bay, shipping, Williams- town, Brighton, &c; adjoins tho residence of Jno.Swire, Esq., and is opposite the cottage of the Hon. the Attorney-General. To parties in fcnich of a splendid site for building close to the beach this sale offne many inducements, \- Terms Liberal, declared at Timo of Sale. I_Sale« by Anerà^^"" MONDAY, 1st DECEMBER. | Desirable Family Residence, with Forty Acres | of Land At Brighton, near the Royal Hotel and Beach. Important and Unreserved Sale of Most Va- luable Freehold Property, containing 40 Acres of Land, together with the Substan- tial Brick-built Residence, containing Five Rooms, with Kitchens, Sculleries, Pantry, Servant’s-rooms, Double Coach-house, Three- stall Stable, Harness- rooms, Fowl-houses, Piggeries, &c.;, in all forming one of the most Compact and Gentlemanly Residences in this favourite locality. Also, The Household Furniture, consisting of Hand- some Rosewood Drawing room Furniture, Rosewood Piano, Dining and Bed Room Chairs, Tables, Carpets, Curtains, Book-case, Chests of Drawers, Beds, Bedding, &c.; Horses, Albert Car, Harness (single and tan- dem), Gentlemen’s and Ladies’ Saddles, Bridles, Ploughs, Harrows, Rollers, &c.; W. EASEY and CO. have been favoured with instructions from Thomas Splatt, Esq., J.P., who is proceeding to Eng- land, to sell by auction, at their mart, 83 Col- lins-street west, on Monday, 1st December, at one o’clock precisely, The above valuable property, containing 40 acres of land, together with the family residence, furniture, &c.; The house contains entrance-hall, dining and drawing rooms, and sleeping | apartments, and is approached from the Go- vernment road by A Handsome Carriage Drive. The out-buildings consist of two kitchens, scullery, pantry, two servants’ rooms, double coachhouse, three-stall stable, large store and shed, fowl-house, piggeries, &c.; There is an abundance of good water, sup- plied from two large tanks, each capable of containing 20,000 gallons. The grounds are beautifully laid out, and the garden is stocked with the the choicest fruit- trees and vines, and at the rear of the house is a five-acre paddock fenced-in with close paling; Ten acres of the land has been cleared, and five acres of the same are now under crop. The whole property is fenced in with a three- rail fence, with handsome entrance-gates. The property has a frontage to two Govern- ment roads—one one chain wide and one two chains wide. Is within a few minutes walk of the Royal Hotel and beach. The road from Melbourne is macadamised nearly the whole way. In calling attention to this sale the auc- tioneers beg intending purchasers to go and view the property, as any description they can give will fall far short of the reality. Suffice it to say, that few places in the colony will be found to surpass this, both as regards the arrangement of the grounds and house, and its beautiful situation. Brighton is daily coming more and more into repute, and so soon as the railway is finished land in this neighbourhood will be- come invaluable. The above property will be either sold in one lot or subdivided in five or more acre allotments. Further particulars of furniture, &c.;, will be published in a few days. A plan of the above can be seen at the room of the auctioneers. Parties desirous of viewing the house and grounds will be furnished cards on ap- plication to the auctioneers. Title—A Grant from the Crown. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. TUESDAY, 26th NOVEMBER." To Timber Merchants, and Others. 4,656 Deals and Battent. WEA8EY and CO. will sell by and ? on the Australian Wharton T day, 26th inst,, at twelve o'clock, 2,278 best red Baltic deals 2,878 do battens, 9 x 3 and 7 x 3. Further Particulars in Futuro Advertiser! _% MONDAY, 24th NOVEMBER Without Reserve. St. Kilda. St. Kilda. ? Land in Robe and Grey Streets, opnoeit« Star and Garter Hotel, St Kilda, Important and Unreserved Sale of Yali Freehold Property, being the Principal tion of Government Allotment No Situate at the Comer of Gre; and : Streets. 1 To Private Gentlemen, Merchante, Tri mon, and Others, desirous ot Ottalmn] these Favourite Streets Eligible Bites] the Erection of First-class Buildings, W EASBY and CO. have bccnfavM . with instructed from the propfl to sell by auction, at their mart, Collms- sti on Monday, 24th inst., at one o'clock pieca The above valuable property, subdivide] follows :- Lot 1. Corner Allotment, having a /rontage Robe-street of 50 feet, by a depth or ant frontage to Grey-street of 108 feet. Lot 2. Having a frontago of 37 feet 6 incbe Robe-street, by a depth of 108 feet, with ii of-way at back, as per plan. Lots 8 and 4. Each having a frontage to Robe street o feet 6 inches, by a depth of 92 feet, with ii, of-way at back of 16 feet. Lot5. Having a frontage to Robe-strcct of 81 6 inches, by a depth or another frontage o feet to a road 30 feet wide, with righW at back of 16 feet Lot 0 and 7. Each having a frontage to Irey-slreel 46 feet, by a depth of 108 feet, withrigh way at back of 16 feet wide, as per plan. Lots 8 and 9. Each having a frontage of 46 feet ion 80 feet wide, by dopths of 84 and 92 feet, rightof-way at back, as per plan. (The chnflors of lots G and 7 can have the opt» taking these lots.) Lots 10,11,12, and 13. Each having a frontage to Bobe EIM 42 feet hy a depth ofl 68 feet, with n'sti way nt back of 30 feet wide. Lot 14. Having a frontage of 42 feet by a« 1198 feet, with right of-way at back of 30 wide, as perplan. These lastSlotsnrednt oppoBito the Star and Garter Hotel, hounded respectively by the properties of Henderson and Dr. Evans. In calling the attention of intending| chasers to the sala of this fine property. Auctioneers are convinced they will he» out in their assertion that the lnndnboii vertised is in ono of the very best sltoiü in St. Kilda. , This property is on high ground,and« wands extensive viows of tho Bay anal rounding country. _", ., On looking at the plan of St Kilda, it i be Been at a cursory glance flint Bobo: Groy streets aro in the most central and TI able part of St. Kilda, they being closotot terminus of the railway, near the bes Junction and Boval Hotels, rostOfflcc,S( Title Unexceptional)]^ Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. The above allotments are marked oui the ground, and plan of the same can te« at the rooms of the Auctioneers. &?' TUESDAY, 25th NOVEMBER. To Close Various Consignments. At the StorcB of Messrs. E. Westby andu Collins-fltreet. , WBASEY and CO. havo lccciwd . structions from Messrs.E. 1W and Co. to sell by auction, at their M Collins- Ptreet, on Tuesday,25thinst, »tem ° The following goods, toclose conBlgnmen« 1,800 kegs (iron),caoh 28-lb, superior «j lead , . , 450 do do, do do black paint 450 do do, do do green do 16 do do, do do venetian rea paint 285 do do, do do purple brown 24 do do, do do red lead 80 casks, each 2} owt., whiting 4D0 boxeB best crown glass, «f« 10x8,12x10, l£ sWÄiV 10.16 x 12, l8 x12, l8 x H 29 T at 16, 24x18 , f« 40 casks, each 1 cw^bi-carbonateoiK 28 cases, each 0 jars, 28-lb'eacM taric acid . " , yu 2 cases, containing 130 1-oz T 50 Sr'rofif each 8-buBhels, split p* GO boxes London pale yellow£oap,t* CO do do do, do 28-lbs 6 caBks Bath bricks fel¡ 10 caseB coloured glass, bloc, nu ruby, and green colours 808hop,cooking, nud.ironiog M» ~) iron >loughf A-"n "atm ' i reaping-mac 2 cases fancy i. 1 caBe of jewellery Also, , ", i, I 8 superior family M«S| Toms Liberal, Deolared at TwwwjS I In lots to suit purchasers. ~* Terms at Sale. j 