VICTORIA. | By tlie steamer "White Swan we have Mel bourne journals to the 16th August, hut can only make room for a few items of news, in | consequence of the demands on our space by the arrival of the English mail. Considerable speculation was going on in the Hour market, which was, however, some what unsteady, but with an upward tendency. The Age says:—" Mr. Tolmer, lately Super intendent of the South Australian Police, and, prior to that, Commissioner, purposes, we understand, coming to Melbourne, in conse quence of au invitation from the Victorian Go vernment, in order to give a fair trial to a plan of his for the manufacture of paper from a species of native plant. The South Australians lose the benefit of Mr. Tolmer's active services, through the opposition displayed towards him by Sir Richard MacDonnell and his Executive Council." The following is from our own Correspondent under date of August 16th:— " A new census will be taken in this colony at the end of the year. Extensive preparations are said to be in progress to render the agri cultural statistics complete, and to report on the settlement of the colony generally. A greatly- increased breadth of wheat crop has been sown this spring. ." The writs have been issued for the members of the TJpper House, and ore all returnable at the close of the month. Eor several of the | districts there are not more candidates than members required, but the candidates for the I Lower House are rapidly extending. ] " Owing to the rush to the New South Wales gold-fields steamers now ply daily between ' Melbourne and Sydney. ] " The immigration returns for July show a further retrograde movement. A reaction has set in with respect to the neighbouring colonies, I and the departures now exceed tlie arrivals by | about two to one. The case of New South i Wales is still moreagainst us; and the arrivals from Britain and other distant ports do not | balance the account. 1 " Since Wednesday last, the fine weather has set in with great brilliancy. Frosts, however, prevail at night. But people are too much ! occupied with electioneering alxairs to allow tlie fine weather to influence trade. ! " No confirmation of the rumour that Sir H. B. Lyl-ton is to be our new Governor lias been j received up to this day; and as the official des patches doubtless have reached the Governor by the Bed Jacket, this silence on the subject is suspicious. "Mr. John Orr, the owner of 'Tomboy,' fancying himself aspersed by some remarks of Dr. M'Crae, has vindicated his honour by bringing an action for libel, at which the signi ficant verdict of a ' shilling' damages lias been all the redress accorded him " Governor foe Victoria.—The Age says, , "The first paragraph among the Anglo- Aus tralian clippings below throws doubt upon Sir Henry Bulwer's acceptance of the Governor- 1 ship. A gentleman, who is in the habit of re ceiving communications from high political circles in England, informed us yesterday that 1 Sir Heniy Barkly is spoken of in a letter he had just received, and he thinks it probable that the names of Sir Henry Barkly and Sir Henry Bulwer have been confounded." Lighthouses anx> Beacons.—The Age of i the 16th says :—" The delegates from Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and Tas mania proceeded from Hobson's Bay on Wed nesday, in the steamsloop "Victoria, for the purpose of determining upon the best sites lor lighthouses and beacons on the Australian sea- j board. In this, their first voyage, their atten tion is directed to Wilson's Promontory, the J south-eastern extremity of the continent. The members are—for Victoria, Captain Kay; for New South Wales, Mr. Brown, Immigration i Agent at Sydney; for Tasmania, the Hon. Mr. Champ, Colonial Secretary; and for South Australia, Captain Douglas, Harbour Master of Port Adelaide." The Argus of the 16th says:—" The Victoria returned yesterday from her trip on what may ' be termed the ' Lighthouse Commission.' The delegates have, we are informed, determined upon erecting a lighthouse on the southern point of Wilson's Promontory. Waterloo Bay was next examined, with a view to considering its eligibility as a harbour of refuge. Cape Schank was afterwards visited, and it is also contemplated to erect a lighthouse upon that spot. The report of the representatives will, we presume, shortly be laid before the public." Fare OF A CHURCH.—A few days ago the Rev. Mr. Darling called en the Mayor of Mel bourne, at the Police Office, to accompany him to St. John's Church, the stonework of which was just completed, and the contractor awaiting payment of the balance due on account of the contract. On entering the building the Mayor remarked that the gable end was out of plumb, and the large arch unsafe, and, standing under it, expressed his conviction that it would fall. So strongly did the Mayor believe tliat hi3 opinion was correct, that he directed some men < who were at work at the building to remove to a greater distance, and himself and a few gen- j tlemen who were invited to be present stood a few yards back, and in less than ten minutes the immense gable and massive pile of stone- | work fell in with a fearful noise. Fortunately no other damage is done, and providentially j the Mayor's practical knowledge of building j has prevented the sacrifice of human life. The Mayor and Eev. Mr. Darling have had a narrow escape, as but a few minutes before they were right under the crumbling pile of stone, which would have crushed them to pieces.— Herald. The following is from our own correspondent under date of August 16:— j Pending the departure or ttie Melbourne mail the 1 gold market has been very dull, and a further decline of 6d. per ounce has taken place in addition to the fall caused by the reduced rate of exchange on London last week. Notwithstanding the fluctuations in theilonr market the tendency is decidedly upward, and £30 is expected to be the ruling figure next week. '1 he large cargo of New Zealand wheat has been transhipped to Sydney, and our market is now wholly dependent npon Ade laide supplies. The cargo of Chilian wheat per Inge borg is still held for 15s. per bushel. Bran continues very scarce, but green food will relieve the market in a few days. The following is from tlie commercial article of the Argus of the 16th instant The official returns of the Immigration Board for the month of July are of little interest, except that some thing like a " rush " of the mining population towards the Sydney gold-fields has taken place; but this " rush" docs not appear to have been so extensive as is repre sented in the Sydney papers. The arrivals and depar tures from the entire colony were— Arrived Departed In- De> from. for. create, crease. New South Wales ... 533 1,401 — 868 South Australia ... 433 154 284 — Van Diemen's Land ... 291 222 69 — New Zealand, Sc. ... 17 60 — 33 Total neighbouring co — lonies 1,279 1,827 353 901 United Kingdom ... 7S3 165 618 — foreign ports 183 313 — 160 Totals 2,250 2,340 971 1/>61 Net decrease 90 The balance against this colony in favour of Sydney for the month was only 868 ; the net loss to the colony 90 sonls. Among the departures for foreign ports are about 340 Chinese. The totals are tlius dividedAr rived -2,250, of which 1,456 were adult males, 541 adult females, 141 male and 102 female children. Departed 2,349, of which 2,067 were adult males, 188 adult female*', 48 male and 37 female children. Of the arrivals, 2,250 landed at Melbonrne, 11 at Geelong, and 14 at other ports. Of the departures, 2,317 sailed from Melbourne, 2 from Geelong, and 21 from all other ports. The Argus qf the Uth lias the following I wholesale prices current= Argot Office, Saturday evening. The unsettled state of the weather during the past week has added to the general dnlness of trade. Al though orders from the country are coming in freely, especially from the Ovens, they are accompanied by a limit as to rate of cartage, which will not admit of their being executed. Under these circnmstances tbc coarse of trade in Melbonrne is confined to speculative opera tions for the spring, which are not, however, by any means active. The arrivals of vessels from extraeolonial ports since Saturday last have comprised two from London, one from Liverpool, undone from Boston, U.S., with general cargoes, aad one from Faabonrg, with a cargo of Danish oats. There have been few changes in prices, except in the market for breadstulfs, which has been completely un settled. Adelaide first has been sold at £25 10s., and was offered at that late this afternoon. The state of the roads has done much to check the upward tendency which was evinced on the receipt of the news from Val paraiso. Although stocks in town are not by any means large for the season of the year, there is no other Outlet for them than that of the town consumption. The quantities hitherto sent in from South Australia have not beeq heavy, bat it is expected that present prices wi]l bring forward supplies, and tbat any further advance will be only of a temporary nature. In Sydney and in Tasmania the markets are equally unsettled. Wheat is now worth from 9s. 6d. to 10s. Chilian flour, £24. Chits arp held firmly at 6s. to 6s. 3d. forTasmanian, and 5s. 9d. for Scotch. Bice is looking upwards. Bran is worth 2s. to 2s. 3d. The same paper in its issue of the 14th has the following:— The flour m :rket continues to be entirely unsettled, a fluctuation of from £1 to £3 being quoted daily. This arises in a great measure from the state of the weather preventing all transmission of stocks to the interior, and confining the dealings of speculators to the supply of the town trade. The cargo of the Ingeborg is still kept out of the market. A sale of4,000 bushels of New Zealand wheat was effected by auction, at 10s. 7d. per bushel, for shipment to Sydney. Sales of Adelaide first flour have taken place at £26 10s. per ton. The times appointed by the Bail way Board for the re ception of tenders for the locomotive* and rolling stock for the Melbourne and Mount Alexander Railway Com pany have been extended to the 16th instant and 31st instant respectively, to meet the wishes of local manu facturers, who have expressed themselves desirous of competing for these works. I GKAUTAKD FLOUR MARKETS. I Saturday, August 9. I Right's Mills.—Fine flour, £28 per ton; seconds, £24 1 do.; HaxaU, £30 do.; Chilian, £25 do.; bran, 2s.Gd.per \ bushel. Wheat bought at 9s. to 9s. Gd. do. W. Begraves and Co.'s Hills.—Fine flour, £25 per ton; seconds, £23 do.; Chilian, £24 do.; Haxatl and Gall ego, £31 do.; bran, 2s. 6 J. per bushcL Wheat bought at t's. to Ss. 6d. per bushel. Fulton and Smith's Mills.—Fine flonr, £28 per ton; seconds, £26 do.; braD, 2s.3d. per bushel. Wheat bought at 9s. Gd. to 10s. per bushel. The Carlton MilL—Messrs. Ramsdcn and Aitken.— Fine flour, £27 per ton; seconds, £25 do.; bran, 2s. 3d. per bushel. Wheat, 10s. per bushel. Hadlcj's Mill.—Fine flour, £27 per ton; seconds, £22 do.; bran, 2s. fid. per bushel; wheat bought at 9s. to 10s. per bushel. HAT JLi-BEET. Saturday, August 9. A considerable falling off in the arrivals, occasioned by the late stormy weather, has produced a favourable re action in prices. Best hay has advanced 5s. to 10s. per #vm» inrprinr rttJ.oiJHrt? hflM ir* « ton, while inferior qualities have benefited in a greater ratio from the general scarcity. The closing rates were: —Best hay, £8 to £3 10s. per ton; second don £7 to £7 10s.; stained, £5 to £6. Number of loads for the week, 325; and the former do., 338. LIVE STOCK MARKET. Saturday, August 9. Messrs. Dal na ahoy Campbell and Co. report:— Fat Cattle.—At the commencement of the week the supply was short, and our last quotations were fully maintained, but several prime lots coming to hand the demand decreased, and we saw prime bullocks put up for sale by auction that had to be bought in and re-sold privately; we quote first quality beef at from 25s. to 27s. 6d. per 100 lbs.; we have sold mid dling bollocks at £7 and £7 15s.; ditto heifers at £5 5s. and £510s. Fat Sheep.—The supply has been larger this week. although there is little alteration in prices; good wethers are worth from 17s. to 19s.; second quality ditto, lrotn lis. to 16s.; mixed lots at from 12s. to 15s.; one very superior lot of wethers realized 23s. each. Calves.—In good demand: we sold one lot- at an average of £3 13s. Gd. Store She* p.—Iu demand; we hire sold 2,050 ewes and wethers at lls„ delivered near town. WEBKLT AGRICULTURAL REPORT. Wednesday, August 13. The weather, since our last report, has been wet and most unusually cold—colder, indeed, during some days, than iu the depth of winter. We receive accouuts from the country of ice having been an inch thick in the early part of the morning. A cold northerly wind has been blowing for some days. The principal incident of local occurrence deserving to be mentioned is the meeting of the Farmers' Club, held to-day. Wo give a report of the proceedings elsewhere, and shall comment upon them as soon as we can find space for a few observations. We believe it is the first | occasion upon, which farmers in the neighbourhood of 1 Melbourne hare assembled to express their opinions 1 upon any subject connected with practical agriculture; ' aud, looking to the conclusion at which they arrived— . that wheat cannot be grown in Victoria fur less than 8s. i per bushel—wc think the necessity of some improve- i mcnt iu the system of agriculture is made most apparent. ' We must reserve comments, however, and refer the i reader to the report for particulars. | THE OOSK MARKET. 1 There was an average attendance at the market to-day, . and a fair amount of business transacted. Wheat has been brisk in the general market at 10s. to 10s. 6d. per bushel, and a good many of inferior samples, damaged by wet, have been offered at merely nominal sums. A large sale has been effected at 10s. 7d. Fiour has been sold at £23 and £26 10s., the latter being the highest figure of any actual transaction that lias come to our knowledge. We find, however, that parties in the trade quote from £27 to £23 as the market pries.] Mr. J. I). Nelson'reports as follows:— The high price to which wheat lias risen caused a good muster of farmers to- day. About 1,800 bushels of prime quality were offered, and eagerly bought up at 10s. 6d. per bushel. An evident disposition to purchase at the same rate to a much larger extent was apparent, had supplies permitted. The larger portion of the wheat ex Thomas aud ilenry, from New Zealand—say 3,000 bushels—realized 10s. 7d. by public auction to-day. The flour market has assumed a much more steady character since last report, and holders arc firm at £27 to £23 per ton. Colonial oats are scarce, and prime samples readily command 6s. 7£d. to 6s. 9d. per bushel. Imported oats have also partaken of like improvernt in price, although an active demand has not yet sprung up. Maize (whole) is firm at last week's quotations, and private advices from Sydney tend still further to enhance the value of this article.' Bran remains as reported last'week, viz. supplies light, at 2s. 3d. to 2s. Gd. Barley is held for 63. pcr'bnsheL Gram, £11 to £12 per ton. Potatoes continue almost unsaleable, and other articles in the trade are without material alteration. Bbbchwobth.—Saturday, August 9. Flour, Adelaide, £13 to £15 per ton; do., Syd ney, £10 to £12 do.; oats, Scotch, good, 15s. Gd. to ! 16s. per bushel; do., colonial, 16s. 6d., to 17s. Gd. do.; ! bran, 6s. to 6s. Gd. do.; potatoes, VJD.L., £33 to £35 : per ton. 