TOM ?O ELOU'NE. The ane wift Steamer, OEELON . Leaves for Melbourne, Every Day, S(Sndays excepted) at two o'clock, p.m., returning rto Melbourno every n oring at o'ilo.k. And th OO RtSINC E A LitE UT Leaves for Mlelbourne every Taeoday, Tleureday and Saturday, at half-past II o'Clock, rtuarlng alter nate days at the same hour. Freight ] L" "er ton. Fr iOgh AS e AI'WILLIAL , Geelong. IIE "tCITIZEn," Johln M'Lean, . commander, willcontinue her trips as usulal, leaving Geelono every Monday, Wednesday, oan Friday, at half-past Eleven, and elbourne alter. ante days at the same hour. s.d fares-s: e.. d Saloon .................... l 2 Fore Cabin ................. ' Freight .. ................13 per ton. o WILLIAM BRYAN A CO., S Agents, 8 Cl erket Square. STEAM TO MELBOURNE S--Alteo tion of Time of Starting \--hie Inew and powerful screw steamer CITEA~cMe T O AND FROM RN E "CORIO." Ws. T ern , commander, will Eove the Wharf for Melbourne. Toerdny, nodL Fridy norning at e adn. relurning from Melbourne Wednesday, and SturdNy et t p.eo ST.F eIght nt CortEL rates. applY to Cupletn TUtlNl, un board, DIloorboo T IIE new screw steamer, will leave t 'e Qun ,0OmMelbournet tg ~ sre lIv Q borro'War elbourne every Tueasdlay and Frtday, t dp.m. J A. .AKER & Co. LHOBART TOWN via I alm . ceton - Tile T.auneelaon S.E.Co'e. moats leave tile Queen's Wharf, Melbourne, regularly as tl i?r rean, Otll o rlb o .th doi paeengers forT elobnt Town uan be booerd tlrouch,per Lord'a Day. Coach, at the following fatt-- • £.d Cabln asosge and insdte seat in coach, fromMelrournetol obartTown 7.. 0 Dodoandoatdideacatdo ... t 7 a Steergectdoddo d ... ... 4 00 `For freiht or passag~e: nvply to WILLIA3I BA LES and CO., 7, Great Colllnslreet stet, Melbourne. Or. SWARSTON, WILTOiS, STEVENS, _ Geeloag uR EGiULAR Weekly Com Smuuliellon with WVarrnam bool. Port ofiry, and Prtlandr.- S Tie fast an favourlte serew steamer I •ASIPIOYO. 35 ton, 0 ILorse power. Franlrk Helpman cm ader, leaves the Hnlwafy pier Sandrl-ge, or the -aove ports ,,ereY Friday, until further notice. or 1 oal~l tBIPB~ passengerfro Ieelg forwarded at ship's e prse on Eriday morning, bY the Scanmlon. o Applyto O A. To. HENT l und Co., AP 10, Little Slnlop.etrect Eunt. ?-y4oCTEAMl TO ANID Ft(tM GDEE L3 LONG -The fast cargo alea . E KlERA, J. T. err. ommander, leaves Qaueen'a Wharf. S.elbeurae,llondnay andThursdays, at p.m., and tllongaternateegdter . Freenht at torrentraito. i" '.. "'JOUltITZ, PeeL.E and Co., Agents. King-st., ilelbeuirn. ? ' " '," Agent,' Oelg "8.'TE~AS to ADELtID E.:--The U· new feat and yowerful iron screw rLeam- elp BURRA tUtItA a James Lawr cc, commander will bedespataid fo the above port on Tuesday, 2Ilti aist., ncrrying rasoengerI at the following reduced talesi-- ,",Fisti;1ln.. ... ' .. £80s5 Secondido ..... ... ,£4 4,1 Paase ?era will please emnbrh per tendcr,lraving Cole's Wharf at two o'nlock in tile ottcroon. Freight will be received ap to Monday evening, the lbthInst.. at Col'c Whaerf. For further aorleulari apply to RAE, DICKSON ind CU., agents Qucn-ntreet, Mehboanrc. L. from teelong, every mnrning ?__mw ".at 8 o'click precisely, and from Sandridge Ihallway Pier every after noon at half past two o'clock (Sun dt nexeepted,. deatat fr cabin and steerage passengers pro ided an board. W. A U. FARE, Agenti. " TACO, New Zenlad.u-The untdor .tr sned having been appointed by the Proviloual G.ov.r..m.nt of Ot010tooct as Immigration Agents in 1elbore, will garnish preties desirnus of obtaining informeia tien, with a summary of tile land regulations and statistins ofthe proviaces; also, sauch other inf?r? neatioa as relates to the sailing of vessels Irom Melbourae to OtagnP *. ILP.SA rEI.LACo. i"ond-sleet, Mlelbourne OI?0R London Tirect.--To sail poo F' lively 1st March, the splendidnew river bhilt ship, noXBURuni CAaTLO, Il for thirteen years, John Adams, commander, 1111 tons per register. This vecrel forms ono of the Plesrs Green's meg nlucent leet, so well.bnown for the excellency of their aocommnodatlons Intending ;eaeonegers will do well to inspeet thieo noble sbip. In wlllch every onmrtb is pmroided. A lboat will be in attelldanoe tconvey parties to and irmn tlhe vessel orers for whlch will be given on application at the ofilce of" the nndersigned. The rates afpassage are ns iollows:-t Chief ta An, by special agreement. Intesmediate ... ... .35 Bterge .. 25 including a liberal ilietcry. Forlemma a!fr~lalt or pocoleappnnly to DALGETYllI'5tOON Ai Co. LACK BALL LINE.-iloyal laii B Clipper packete.--flee awnoro a! tls celebraied line hlaving contractede wth her Majesty's Goverlemrnt to carry the nallsbetween Enginad and Australia, the follow aed"orelherr clipper packcto, will be despatplched n Maccu u" ]FaOc LIvaRnreL.. Register. Cptains. ri55. -?olll Polo~ ........... ....yc pq.? Wil Aril 5th toncalcl MKa....... Warner S-a?5yth Champlon of the Seas... 2237 ewlanda July 5th James Biuacs. 2400 Mi'Doniell Aug. 5th Lichtning ... 20.a3 Enright Seplt 5ti Boomerang ................. 1 8I4 Brown Oct. Sts MIarco Polo...... " ........ 1le5 Wild Nov. 5th Donald3Msy'. 26010 Warner Dec. 5th Foca Moe~oovsl·n With lice return mail, on or about the 10th ofeaE?h alstil, or 0u001i llter day as may be appointed by thc Closinlnl Government. Thee rvercln areconotructillcY the asthutlderaot the day, includlin h'Kay of Boston, and Stall of -Aberde c. As ps-elcereu conveyances, tIcey have earned th repuatiien orceing tlee best managed line of shclpa nuct for pactaullty in sniliig,raicidpraM~soagsm Prasseca fecnm England to Aveelrahia.-Pani·'eareT fIlecevie he obtained lrom the underoignorl by prsoos cd-irouas of a gettiE? ticeir friends outen ttcesa olnnlec Ictem any poet oniGreat Britain or Ireland, md dlhcy ccan clcelate upon being Joined isreoby theitr ienfn witleln six montcs Crom tie time ot ,?rltine. Re lvica--Sume of money for outfit, Ac., cast be trneinccited terouogh tile undasigncr ed, who grant dOclts al dtllt payable In any town In Groat lritias n ,r Ireland. Enpress and Forwarding Deportment.--An Ei prese wllt be made up by racle of thlene hlips, and sa|d, 'Fooec, and parelos forwawrled Otlrouatt th- owners, Sessers James alines A Co., of Livercool er any place in Great Britain, lie Contnent oi Enrope, and tice Uneited States of America. mmprteri will ind it to their advanlage to direct lbeattlltion of thieir agents in Englanlid to thlo ine c ss i]e moat perfect arrangements hlave been yde 1Sl etsree Jaoes Baines and Co., for crelev tag slicl hlclcplig goods by the regular monllely ailcpcr.e. of Colonial Produce, Gld Wool, lnliecco Oil Ae will perceive the advan~tgeo to be drived 'froni a line of fast-sleling alipeeS ?sllvtchtd reeulasly mad with ttee punctality hieh i charait'rie* this. and by whiele e trate rl (uht will only be the .mie as by otheer first sLa t lps. Far sight, olsonge and otLher Informotlon, plylo 5IAC?Y, BAIlNSA& Co., 5ariel Commerce, Collino.strees, west, M aeom?-n,. Or to F. 1)aUER, lLrie-cstreet. GlILOwO. -?. "I0R1 LONDON DIRECT.--To? for ]':nglodlc. Thle magnjifitcnt clipperi * INDEMNITY1 A 1,742 leons regieler, 1200 hierlcie, II. 0ayere, con. nnandor being a full ateip, eatis fom htobnon's lay, for Lon&on;, on February Sthc. Gold weolched at any of tile banks in Gerlong and shipped by arrangenment with tile under Ixellent aecommodation for cabin passengers Inly, Applyto JABIES ItENTY A Co., Little .ilalop-strcet, East. Jrd .lanuary, 15t. Olt BYDNI.Y IDirect, tile welt B kowan regular trader briguntine, MAltitAitEfr, A. Oynondl 'masler, sails ou Mondaty next.--For freiglet or puassge apply to Caplaile, onl boarl. ]c - OR Freight or Chalter.--Thlee fen .b"b fast sailing esclioicer "Vlblllu," 11 tos. fit to go to alcy part of the. weorlh.--For tersc, aply to OGILVIE .on lietlNSOoN, Moorabool-olreet. 'o01ners of I.ighlero.-...Woautle to J5, pcrellese, ir llcre lcnedlinhly, from 10t02 otollc ConceiccaICntlolcs to bseed liressed to WILeiM3 11.0011T~i Vin Oili Ilolot, ,clarleta-quure, Geclong. '[.UTTON'fl WHARF.-- BAI.I.AST fla--llllpS Bliled wltll every clcs. patch sat s Sd per toll, put on board. WtIIAtlIjI:4lF---Goord Wlnrlfng occommodation oasl'.sel eiieellt l or leaving lown. k'tI I.ONDOUN.-- To sail 4llih Felh .1,rnccry.--lcc h,,\i bicrcilec All le. I:l011 ii.I.; vielicclcir icrelccciiciucntiIIc lice O licclel ll`Iclelicre11' of Coblic Yldeesiscgr.· *Al'ilv to STIIACIIAN" elIit CO, or; Gs"l'ag, TIviIS, W[L-t)Ne riln'O, /: hutltn|, 1?h Janueuy, ld,.. B LA:KWALL LINE ip JJPACKWTS.--For LONDON direct.--To sail on Februenry 28tl, tie fine armed passenger-ship H EKD IV A Y. A nttloyd'1s 800 tons James R . Kennedy (chief oficer with CLnptoi, M fckwood from 104B to 18521, commander, belonging to Iltesrn. J. and It. Tlndall and Co. Tls favourite shlip lao lways maintained alligh luascter in tleo ArtorlliFn trade, and will affrord ant exremely desirable opportonlty to tlloOt who may It anxious to ensure a comortable passage to En tland. 'ile cabin accommodatiorn in tile .tcwoy is spacious, and emlitently calcuhlted to meet the alproval ofail woi may visit ier for thile purposeo of iinsetion: Lowhiot ttir nime tof her well-tknon owners supplya sutisfactory guoarantee tat itloth importnt pnrtieular of provioloning tlCtr rllp. end rendernlg tlhem suitable for the reception o. all cEnIeAN of poassenger, nting isn omitted wimc they deeCm of o nture to vhneio the W reputation of tOre Altewll loeo of Packetsa. Carries Lexlperienmed surieon. Cabin pasnige, including wines, beer, and spirita .. ... 0 guineas. Scond cabin . . ... £35 Third do ..... £25 ar tortlOer lrtEcular. plans of accommodation. e.t, aply to . P. 1IITE and Co., agents, Wlan" l MelTbourne. .th 8 I UOR I oBAUT TOWN Direct. to l5. fitiooner \--? 'SIlEK, .. 1 .- t r 11\. J. Irvine, imnate, to tail nn Satnrday. Far fRlIGt or pasoage, npply by the mauner, an board. TI 0ov R Hobart Todn.,-Firet Yes S ts ol The fine fast satiling echiooner FLYING FISIt, Lase. master, wll nsall for the above port on S! turduy next. For ligllt or poasage apply to the captain on board i or to . OGILVe irt a OBINSON. 0 LACK Ball l.ine of Britoisl atd Austtralian Roysal Mail Pncket.- For Liverpool direct. to follow the Lightntng.-r-The A 1 clipper ship Is 1 £E S A l TS 2000 tona burtlien, Pickernell, commander wllt be despatched on tile 3lnt Jnanary, with htier ateJty' mntlt under eontrait to deliver thtem in 05 dayc. This magnfslicnt tritioh-built ship i now on tier nirtr oyage, and hba lately arrived, aTer a rapid passage. bIe aln'o cerriea mileh cow for t hle use aof the psnsengers. and a qualifed surgeon. tier cabin nccnmmodationo ara of a unperior character, and as alte Millonly tako a limited nmbCero passengers early application ais necees 3soy. Plans of cabins may be seen, and rates of pasgage obtained from MOICKAY, IANShiS and Co.. lintl af Commerce, Ielbourne; or, F. WAUEIL, tyria ntreet, Gcelong. ." li'JR London liret.---To sail the tth I of February. the well nowonAl Ship STEiBriNItEATII, 1010 tons per register, nJolhn Sargent, commander. Hereaccommolationt for chief.cnbin pansengero are encellent innl comfortable, and point tier out an a dirnletile opportunity for intendint passengert. hlilt tilt greater poilroanotfller cargo engaged. For freight tnou pi.loage nttpply to DIaLGETY, IBIIOTSON, .IND CO., l•. ooraboolt.treet. Gcelonfg. For Pale or Charter. I..? Kia E drdl K(hbll begs to intimote that In connection with tol Maritteln aurance tiornel oF hli Buvnroa, Ite lai made arrangements for fcltively coutrying on Sllip nrokiiog ill all Its dopartmettts. A complete re .isterof vesetls for sale or charter will be kept, and every facility afforded to buyers, sellers, or chtirterira. i9, Collins-street west, Mhelboarne. \- . EIjCIIANT SEAMEN'S ?HIP PItG OFFICE.--A. FITCIIETT. Litenatd Shipping Master, Victoria Labour Macrket, tarket Square, Geelong deamten supplied at tile olibortet notice. IIIERICAN Cooking tover, nEgw and im proved-pattera, for Sale, by DUIiLINGASIE' and CO., 8, akourke-trtcete tnot. ?ll urn.c A MERIC4N Cookiltr Stove Warchouse.--E. C. WIIEtLOCK and CO. (late F. i. Itood), importers ofllotl, Ship, Kiitclen and PanlorStoves, Itangeistratea, tc., 129 Rtutetllt.treet. Melbourne, ANDI EW ANDERSON, Piano-forte Maker (formerly of Londonl begs to intimate to the public of Geelong that oe ia prepared to undertahe tlue ttning and repairing of all deecriptions ot yiano.fortes .&C.; and Ihopeafrtomhil long experience n all ile branchesl of this business, tlat te will be !ound to give eatiafction to thio mhlo may lavour him with theer onerls. AddretS--8. I.tttle Malop-strcet, east. AiENyIDE' PADDOCKS, Colac- road. The above nxtcnslvi and mell-watered Pad docks tlvig been hteld clear of Stocl for tile last 3 montha are now ili splendid condition, and aen ,pennfor grzing ot loree Stock only during thns ammer. Terms Isper nigltt, or 5oper week, with a rcdoo tion for longer iatiods. ,~tUNG BROTHERS, Colas Road. Akenslde. Wourt Ponds, dtii December, 1805. Private Family. rctiditt in a prectty de Stsch,.d cottage near Clhriet Cbureci. miwite to meet altli a gentlhman desirous of obtaining com foretble hoarnetd etrsidencr. dildrees K. A., ottci af thi.. paper. Stabllng ifeeqatied. A s 0 K T E D Invoice of Sauco.- StlILES, KINOTON, and CO., Flindcra-ltnn west, StellUtaine. RItOW,?MITII'S lap of the South Eastern Provinces of Aoatralia, corrected S5ounted on rollers, and varnished Sitn.0fret4inchest5lfreet iohac Prize, £7 For tile convenience of settlers and trvellers,the above nnrivallcd map is also done upin canses, price £5. Inspection respectfully solicited at SANDS and KENNhY'S Victoria Stationery Waretouee 3i , Col lins.ttreet, Stelhurnte; or TIIOtAS BIttOWN. 'itationer, loorabool-street. Gclong, U Il)STEADS--BEDSTEA DS--B EIDSTEADS L- Tle lrgeatand clitnapet stock of Iron bad stea?s, cempliristig every sine, pattern, and color, in sale by the undersignieT, T. IIAWKEG, \- e t. Serrecr-street AGATELLE.--Bagatelta Tablie on sale, or made to oaeer, at David Johinson's, 132, Rlustell.ttreet, Melbourne. Oilers eom thte couniry attended to at ance. ]UILI)ING llatertats on Sale by the under B_. rigned- tailg:abciea a Etiglioti and American doors, sashes, with or withlout frames, mouldinlgs, sklirtnins, ,to, Flooring,. Baltic or Amrerinu from | tol?i, if red, white, yellow, anil pitolt pine leats, ealid andct, red. yeiloow, and white 'Weattehterbord, quarterinig, o.10 Tite abve gools being kept in thednare dry, nod ICg/|t for carriage. tlDiUfo weisTBY and Co., Great Collins ntrect East nnd Flitndera I.ane Weat, Selbournoe. ttIEAP Clothtintg and Drapery Warchtonsv, I.) talop.street, lreatohop from Mahrket-aqutate.- Ja.,lta N. AtitiohS, \Wtbolesnale antl lietollrieper, l and 5 Mtdlop-atreet, iegoeo r~pecltiully to call the attentiocu ofa diecernlog pabli, wba haie ni libe rally patrontsed Ila estebliehmteut since bio coat metceiment iu bualottso, to th, finct of lia having receivtrd large addltione to his bt,ck of hew aud Chtealt ootle, whaichl be in In a poaitioa to seli at a. low a figure as nty hboute i, .eetclong. tie has re ceived several remrkhably cheap lots, to mhichb he directa special attentiion : Isarego trtencas, S, positively aortlh ns d Do do, to, cd, mell wvorth It* toi Real Irencht do lainea, Is 3d, wortb It Ott Ladlet' ,tmbroldr~ed pocket thandkorchltiefs, Cd.worth m a lti Good fatt coloured prints, from 4dd per part Ladies' ititl boanets, writ made, only Sa; worth 3s A large tuantitty of embroidered muslins, cheap Boya' oltraw halo, trimmedlod and ls each A large lot of alaier' plaln anlt fancv bol nets. some beautifal etyleh. 2a sntll t Iti 1O00 pairs meu'i moleakint aitd woollen cord trowmcro 200 doaeu cotton half Iote Atom .is 6d per dozenl Flannels, blankets, and slectinog, at very moderote tricer. Obherve tile idtireot--Next sthop to SMr Wootds, Stalop.street and Mlarket-squtre. t O -N S-- S E FACTS.-. t n tile cure of .tIt IN ?llEFlt And ofllt'e ('littler'dos DI~en.es, Ac. To be latid of Johntt ilreltbl .ytoto, StioanflC tluring Clbenlot., .r.. 115. Elirlittltt-ltreve, opposite I'oat.t,lece, Stllboteinlt. ttl at itlo Mevdial lDisFtI.u uy n ehl estblishted Detie Store, Iligt-t~oriet, OAI.S tetaitcd ill anty small cuolnthitea, at th( irtte of 3sorcwt otl, iNo l ?.lamoe-otreret. E li --Any poretmll orlert, ol tot teco thonm 2 coot delivered Irec of carta0e nnywhlere about town oe suburb?J. fOAl. of eesl Q ulitity, at ia reneced Price. '1 Ttorne, loller. atid Co., Lu Frobo Terrace, n elr _thln ] tI [i\l _vly Tel'edema.1 _ 1IENIIAM'S SEIECIION; or, t1e Saintll 1L ttlody, Inst dltltton i sole. _ TIIOM AS llllOtWN? lookbuller, Mooirabltl-lstreef. Ilt ,tICK IN lao reontavel Ii li, Yarrca-strcet, iJ opoitt thle Wcsyan n Clotpel. Ist Januatry. I100. . "?Il. lil' CG'f SYIEI intiforms thle piltlict n t1) lttttey orpe,'.tt t ahIg lllr ti LIet c rf llltrgepoii p'I tllltt l.o hail tooi oe hit Atlocrt Itti.,t t~ilOd i-" tile eotitetioctieies. a., Cuitlelttieteniton etturty. ,lanaal 2, . lol, £owu, -). 1aT' RTIIUR, 17, Kardiia-satreet, has S on Sate- tosewood sofans Wanxcloths t couhes.. Do., centre picens i, eaC4' chairs Hai8 r seating turned lega Curled hiair Roes, woda mahogany Dorn, feather, hair, fax, ntit e o and cotton muttranea Iron ottoinuns and pitowa t bestateuda rrans cornrles Damoss asortledorlr, nrasa pholle,, plain and Coburgs, . ,, reeded Clinlzes, ,, t Pole ellds, rlngs,hbackes Worsatedl fringes ,, nEagle ornaments Curtain gimtp ,, Curtain band, Ccair do Iron atretOablers Lace curtains Patent blind mounting eronwi hebeting French rni ends Tabl cover Sofa a aRd chair springs ,llardent hkins ARtd a general ao urtment of upholstery trimmigs n Ihancd. tAlttrases remnde bed andt window ourtulno titted up to any dienign, carpets muele and fittoed io rloNt. OG CART wanted, second hIRnNd. Apply, Sby letter, to A_,a oltuo lo tins paper. jc'RIENDI.Y Ie-Union Dinner, at Bohen's Swan lintel, Fysns Ford.--Gentlemen who leave purebach i-.l'"ickat far tIIs DlIaner, are in formed that,icn tosequene natl'th necessary absencn' fram town of severatfriendn who are desirous of being prnnt at tile Dinner, it ha been deeced et. pedlent by tile tewnards to pootpone it till Saturday -hb Otln ofFebruary (tail moon.) Ey order, WsT . BOIIN. It'OUNTAIN OF FI;IENDSIIIP IOTEL.. L' Thnomas Wanrren hbng lasueeded in obtain nag a Publcaun's general license tor tile above oitel, situate anear Cowir' Creek, on the direct hiae oa' road to tt.e far ftmeed Steiglrilt diggieangs tlavillg laid in an e rcellent toc m nf or e. sLidrit ales, lc.. to suit tile mosat thfllelious. The house bring entirely new wito every onvelaer, T. W. nollcit witit oonnldeoee tile pD.trotntae i' the pub lo, ali partloaulrly tmlt ofhlis irienda the diggers, hetre they rosill at ll tiames meet with ood acn comnnodatlon and civility at ressolable ehnarge. UlIN'IUoE, Lonneon-made---A Ilarge and splendh o Ansortnent unpackred, and nnw on Hiew at tile Stores Of THOtNEt , KhIivtER & CO., La Trobe Terrace. near the Iailway 4ermlna SILrERElh..- On nale, a l arge aenar mwet o Filtecrs. F. BAUER. Ttyrie-strect, Geelng. REIDnCH reinited MUSLINS and EEOG JACONETS A smral tasortmenrt aplendid Pattrnst. now open. ng by BtROWN, BOTIIEItS, lalop-street. "IREPROOF WROUGHT IRON SAFES, suitable for storekeepes. anerchalnts, or bankers, fitted rlll partition , rwer, ., with patent detector lobor and keys, etc., et., etc., ex UrlllantI, for sale by BROWN, etROS, lalop-streiet. H Y RAVE DIGGER, E nitiyong Cemetcry. U In reply to thbe thirty perenns, wioen ae eeeing ltl-' andvertisemento, ofered their services. tle Trusteec Ibeg hereby to eanhowledge every such feavr, ntd report tile trocer-ingo Ai tile special nleetlig. hliol was held at tihe time and place sfpn~illted :-- " rm tile thirty, tere were selected twelve w tose writitng, knowledge, etearacter and tcsti aeoninls, were mtot sutisiuctory. Of the twelve, unltr lurtiwr orautlny, five were choaent to abide the bullet, by which, one William Clift, teetn 2leesrs. bulgety, ilbotson and Co.'e, ievlung, wns elected. and wilt take his place, asnc:ervoe ifer, at tile Cenetery, on Monday the ltih proximo. Bunlnyong, 2lod Januaryt,1 56. z EELONG LAlBi MAi:K?eT & SHIPPING OIFFICE, 22, GiaEAT RYnIE-aTnEET, Opposite Preston's lIlotel. JAMfES IIENDY AND CO., PnOt-tIETORS. Employera of labor, settlers, contractors, and tile public generully, are renpectlully informrd that at the above- old and weli treqtatred establishment, apalnus anad eonvneleant ' aitiag Itooms are pro vided ter servants. and a Private RIoom for Ladles, to makte ngiaenemtets. Great nunebers of male and female domestics, agricultural cervnnta, mecleaniles, clerks, ant in shart. servanta of every tlescription are doily in atlendanue, anweting engagcments, and may be had • t ourrent rutes. Orderrsorthrte country executed witlt despatch. The proprietors of tile above t-otlnllvhment crate fully acanteledge tile very liberal elutroneatre - ceived during past years, and welllltsolieittnga onatiunaaeee of rve-rn aseeure tile publie, thlat tile buainess of tlerir entabllitneent till, as hcereov re? be conducte iwith auvldulty, denPleCh, eaidy puncta alily, and with a desire to meet tile vieasof tile emtlopyer and the employed, and on principles lrictly honorable. JuitES SIENDY & CO Honseand Land Agonta, 2", Great ltrie-st., GEIiRGE bIERCF.Il, WIhILESALE AN SRETAIL ST'ATIONER and ACCOUNT tOOK iLANUFACTUI-Zit. tie does nor profess to sell rerm per cent maosa coat price. lie does roe profess to sell at an u?Su?aa raCg \- riettet ie does not profess" low to artvaw trade"i He does not proteno to have complete sets of books which are tnot to be foand in etock when aubed for i He does not prefera to advertise some coods ata low price, and canrge hicit t'r otleersl lie doea nottln oler worda, prolens to humbug the publle NUT, Ha does profess, and -ill prove it, tleat hIe is the Cheapect and Bealt Stationer and Acoor -loac lutan'fctuerer in Oeelona. He does prolesa to have tile Beat Stocik of Sta tionery, and to sell at Lower irices than any other house itt Grclng I Hie doet pronfsn, nued it is geterally ack nowledged by theentoatconepetentJladgeo, that ie is tile nest slid Clerapert ylnulaetatrer or Account Books ill tie colotey anet tile very hiateduome teathnoniat presenti-d ehn by tie Judge-s nf'the Melbourne Einhihition will prove tills satisfactorily. " H pcrofesaes to incnowledge thesre are "Ilard Tites," and tlect Itiel circunotance rlone a ha coneelled laim nIl order to do buainess Ta redacrerey article he tendon or manafac cares to tlle very luoest paying p iee. Sacoveo, To ensure a continuatilon of tleat libweal patronage 'bastowed onitlwm, he will ktep none but tile very best articles, and make up from the cory be-t materialt. Taean, TO 'keep auch an assortment and variety at stack, at such prices whlel lee feels eonotdent a dtvcerning pub?li will appreciate a N.l.--Ilas note oheent being a large trade and net a nctt a large prolit. Oua?rv.--G. iIKIRCER, Opposite the Tank 'A orabool-etree IEELONG atnd MIclbontrne llailray Conatjeny. ~-Nottce is hetreby given tleat a special Gene ral ileetineg of lete alIaret-lolero 0t1' Iree ticeloneg and snetibourne itaiiaeoy tymptny ",iill le hted utn the Computey'o teaaies at GeeilelT, oat reflcce.lr, tle oith de)n o' Janruary Illstunte at ne-etl, lr tile elec tion al a Uirector oft tice eCeeleeen] itie pluce of \Vm. Cl. ,SciKellar, ooq., receictrd. liolders of tweeley Ci,... oar laort, are eligible as directors. tUentlemenil te iletcg to verve, i" rlectecd, are reciuestedl to eotntcuntelultct tlth tile Oecrt-lary en or belore tlne ttBIc iest. alhcaroldort wcill be enlited to vote Itt reepect nl their salaten, as tollocee viz.:- Faor shares t vote, and tor every additional l.n rthares one vote; not wore tIhan ten votes to be with any oneperson. Votes may be given by proxy, provided tile same permoo esalt not vote as proxy iar an' nutmber of persons, vlce togetlecr shaU be proprietors of more thanr 5OO shares. CIlAtLEn Ii. TIIORNa, President. G" RUDST ONES. - Icewvcestln. antd Bilttonc, from 0 In. to 10 in. dianeter at lhlltley atnct Parker's, lnarble attd Stone Yard, Little Collins. street, Kaut, Slelbouane. -IEOtICE l\elRlI(lIT, AUcTlto r.w An.S -TGa?*nS.L CeveuMeleou Aut?rs, .est tyrleI-trLeti, O clung. T O-AhIEAD STEIOLI TZ iA Coarryanca wilt start li-nm tier Gearga ayly Wccinecuday, .anct Feticty, u core exloneeiots e~lcelt-arcey ftea~dny, leaving S5ePlliiz "in t ?tn.*/r' Xy Thlursday, acd BSatnelet, nta t ool; kn.m. sa atrlne , '"'GaUlttRG LIeDAU. - Sole leepriorlnt. - T-T lNY PEA;i(.E, yihca lre ielltilrcd to maul .nl nyOUr brothbler eihImerat Slr Gyll L·'nititteS, Unioni Illc 1 -t,.tieteii•cttt -IRlotll • eor tc alr SLn l iy, i,abewnlcct. , - -.. .... , : JASIES PI-AnCi;. ' " IF tis ehlonnil ttaegt thc'e y ofnJocni Faster,' -god 2o.lute of tee Trobe 'Trrac, atid wto awas leaeme,tend tret'.clc-c cc crteel I o wleacit hcitre hi tattler, by orl ieltc to Iahlc care of Str .Odllrea, Leston Iotale, iunte nt dtI. - - - " -- - nIl' iPItitV U AhtElCICAN PASSENGER Ct J CIIl"S. hII.cigly ilticeltensy and light. to carry' frent line to EhCglce-e pIebenaLrei, snaneUntha. turetcii e* usree-tlll e cienl-oult iaainL inlihitlh. Cccin tee vet-it etrsodeid anI in l'trgn-d ant W\'lltatiac' eonele tiectore, ice, Collnin-ltreet K?;at, ,Sclaie1nnC: ]N theri.ornnt Cottrth fG'nt?]Pe?t. .n Sv.,r--ri. I: I.--I helib a elrocnltio 'thait 1 Itevo nltto ncerv Iatnrletld1 stle go0dace, cieeetllieo,L0lnneee ill lctintll, tied oilier 'print ii.,rernleeCty tef Siir 2.tternr Stdr. theIe bnvitbaa llteli rietlelatllta inll cvl,. ;,illl y ,it ,,. ,te .beib..... cii I ,titnre. al lirtr= siec inttet ,ted loehe alid'.viitely altlnr toatey the ecrenettic (ie it ITa rre lntd d thlena. l.n tni' Inso u tillttr perenoi, or iLny will llee iiLd eritItLiL1t 'Ibr aIto' ee,,eenenlt of lbalt sid eoi ts. . ' ' S VtL,.I,\l[.' VN, +c " US'I l'ub!!slied,' prlc I !ne ,?lllh.~tlrde Ge?]01iv , olk ,\lmnnHe. I;0~.~n-hllthe-l hy TIeOel\, IItteWN, ,toeaatrnbol-stre t - ant-. aahi oy all Bookasiw . t .. - -- ' IGCE L-IYe.-lc.-icc. .--T e MIelbonrne lee Compnny Iave tle lpensure of nnouncing to lhe Inhnbittnots of Geelong and clJeiocot i towns, Ilit in consequence tf much grecter encourage toent tlan ontic it, t! ey Ioave adoipted tits for lowin.lnw p0rice, whiiich tIloy conildevetly Ibelieve i cviliplace tlies moti necessary rtilcle within tile reaclh oi every ctiieen. Delivered iol Melbourne, in quontities. 4d peflb. OGILV1E and ItUlINSON, Agents. I-MMRESE REDUCTION IN TIlE PlITCE OF SADDLEItY.-n2ICALcUnM & M?KENZIE cove received, per late arrivals, some lhevycon- 0 lgcnments ot thie most superior goods, in tlie above line, to an extent more sutaobl o th1e past Clini the preoent times, and whlciilc hove lveen velectel by their ivcire soer , aiic Jocc:c Cnnic:, whios cwei inoa incpracticcl cind cocniacl ixctpri.'lcvce iil Ilo ii noll elnol'ts, su0leciilit guarantie for qunhty ind eultilcllicy. '2I'C. th 3iK. icoving tliu obtacined a stocvi dee vlcll'lr tile hccvlc·tst ndcL beit selected in tile ollolli?'.? are in n pc-)i(lion andc are dett, rnlined to bipo- i 'o tlie saIcIe :ct priesv wlhic sihall dely, com ,cttitloll. ·· TIhe traie suppled. TOSEI'II G.CRI .I:K, in tihacikihl Icit fiicuds for tlie thlree yearo' liberal slpport hie tlis reeeived at their c lnids ber n leave repectfully to iniorm them hlidt ael ordere Ibr CIIAIICOAL Bullod k Loads Sice Ock Firewood Direoted to toseph florllvck, care of i r 3lorkunm, saddior, Mooraboolostreet, South Oceoong, will meet vitc dine attlntioc. . 3iov. i3, 15,5. rORTRAITSI PORTITAITBI TUItNER'S PORTRAIT GALL ItT, 24, Greot lyrle-street. Opposlte F. lauers, Ironmvngery Warehouse. T TURNER respoctfclly onnounces thlct hie Ii lhas fitted up ticv above pcremies cxpresly for laking Iirellrccs, citlicir on silver tIatet by the DaocooucorreL, o0 0n Glose by tlie l'on Coi.LvoDO. proces nond being prevhhivd wltic in.truments o1 blie mot4 perfect deicriptioc. lse can in ail states ot hiie weather gcunrnntee ilibenceses i lte moot ap proveid slic,, and atvery moderate clinrges. Dolrk cl'eesos in voile, silk, wool, etc., (citller plain, striped. chceckecd or in tarta) are reev m !aeniced for lcdies cnld ccldidren; ligiht fancy-eolored nd welic dlresses produce faded-looking impres slons, and silould tlicreflbre be avoided. Ticung chiildren can best be taken In the early ,art of tice day. Tile puolic are Invited to call and Inspect t11e v•arioco specimens, tile prices of wbhich are all nmrked ill plain fgures, thcuco enabling every oneat aglance to seec tile cale of ehaerges. Copiealtaken of etatuary, ,il paIntings, en envlc e ?durreotoprsy etc., also viewc of build tact etc. etc. to.li.--rrangvmentn have been made to send a pockag ely every malt vei.el for England; persons wioiig thusie to troicsnIcIt Ilienerses to tlceir flrends at icoce, will have them safely aent rcoa o0 0r1 rrml csan~c. 1st January, 156. [INCOLN MI1LL.-- To tie Farmers, Corn Factors cnd Mlercltlnts of Gieelong and oeilch bourllood.--Tle undciersined havicg purcllised tlce above mill near tile burial Grouncd. on tlie Point Ilecry Ii~ad, cnd icave hadc tier completely over Iculed nl pidt ill prcpcr weoroing order, is now prcpared fori tie anucfactu re of whceat and oiler uinds ol gecici on tlie most revaocable terms. and Iopes by strict attention to all orders enitrusated to lis care to icerit a sicare ot pulic pcatrocnage, weich :ill ever be Ihis etudy to maintaln. Tilce uncdersigned hgriovicg cd nice years' colonial xperaetle in tile millseul Win. Gray antd Win. H. Cotlins, Eeq., all parties favouring ice above mill till fnd every care iii tile manufacture of their grain, and punctuality to all orclers. J JOl IAJIPTON. January 33rd, 1550. SIBIE which will not blister.--- GEOIIGE SPFII1 IS contlncei to suppcy hIs store to James-street. Geelonc, with freosh burnt Lime every day, ic In, 1tv and 3 bsehel bags, at ti0 rate of di per hIchell t warranted irst-rate quality. Any prepild orders left wlth ir ItHAYES. at the store." cillbe delivered within Oiva nliles of town, lree ot arloce ADIES' Paritian mnde oots, satin and kid silippers Enamelled leather ?slppeno Girls' Parisian made boots, Just landed IIRO\ICON, BICOTIIIFRS, illalop-street. L E TTS' DI A R lE S.0- -Lettls Diarsl AtG. MEICCEL'S, Opposite the Tonk. lloorabol-street. TO tItLLINtNE 6 AMD DILAPERS. RS. R OSti, Ryrie Cottage, Ryric-street East. Second Verandoh Cottage beyond the Hospital Millinery of every descrlption made op en tile hlorttest noctice. for tile trade only, in tin neweat atyles of Paritian and London faioolin. Mrife II. COUIKE'S WESTEIRN MOTEL ¥ I.cL?noEn-iT.aecV GSKLOOa. The Western Hotel it dulighlfally situated com macdIng a magniticenl view ot lice bay and ship ptng; and gcntlenlcn cr tamiiiesoilttig Giionig, eri in everv rcspect finl tills tile 1000t coolbrtable ad conveocient house of lag in tile colony. "ice culinary detlcrtmtnt Is uleder the cuper ntendnce vof a eeoncd Soyer. and any and every aalate naust be plestde chcops, c tlelko, iih, .. can be had at any hour of tlie day fer one scitllilg. All ordicory doilv, at '2p.m.. heulivi ivory delicacy at tlie eason is on tilce tly, nicl lice 0ltri.nt c iurses iurnlthed Ibr to o hllillicce nnd sexpence is suchl as to excite uailversil udmiircchilt. °rlii wiines, upirits, acid ale, are' all of superior qualIty. Tue stables rue tender tile eiperiltcdn ce of an experienced g "ool, atid supplied with tile best oa orate. Tile proorltcor, In grotefully tcknowledglng tile iberalaIa t unpreedecnted ilptronge ho Ilcnlrltceive d oboe opeccttig tile above hotel htags rilgevpetfully to Iinform lls ailetrons and tile public at large that no vxerticc on lils birt' elcll be apirvel tic order to ocidlntccine ainld increase thlct reputation he has alrecd ncqulred. A convecn aie is In cilleodan te at ll tile steamers from ,iliiouroIe. cud uscucengcrs to theu-Westirnl HotIl are eolucievy, ict is. file IvoittteLine toif Cioahes for ilnlarot "and Fiery Creek, lecve tlie above lloteldally. pasengers booked to anV penrt f tlie digginCs. M-ONU.3iNTS, Touchy anld iteialtones, of newest dc-lnts at luclcv acd Piarker's 1tone and,1 Masrble faror, Little Cooliol- traevet East, Meclbourne. \\[ONEY.--Moany advaiced in sniall suma _ on good security &pjj; y to Commission Agent. Gt. ltyrie-oleect west ?}" E N' C Y L ) T H-I- ----G LIa Superfine blatk cloth Dress Coats, silk facings tDo do do FrockCoats, do do Do do do IoelilfiordiConaI.dodo Do do do Facy lioe Coals Do do do andic fweed Vets Sileplherd's plaid. Tweed ascd Doe Trowsers Eitra eiVooliein ford 'frowsnrt Cottol Cord Tlrowserc Siolceblin 'fescw~crc Whlllte heaen Iloellicrd Suammer Ceats tnil well nade Londoti goodli, lcoci iaucting and for sale by eciby IROWN DICOTIIEIIS. _3ialop-.iriet. 't,\I.IiP- SfTiii.'.-SAW-111.1 .crc 'l' IMlIER a VAlD, opposlie tei e Theatre, Greaict Malop. The nndersigcd hlan constantly on sale, a argeg qioantity of all kinds of Ilhiciinlg Timber, wlich will bhi sold t very r'euonable priees- Dealo of the best quality, from 10 to 30 feet Hnrarl,?lo and deal quarter.S, jolsts, ar'd blttens Weatoler and dalnn e ooards o " , ". A sciperlor lot ot'groved and tonsued floorintg Doors cunt sashes colonial made, as cheap us thcose tmpsrttech PoFtls cn rails, palings Wire fencinlg Chai cut by steam, for fltriners orotthev,or nsoldct wholeeie. acd rll kiaDls of farac pro dllcl· pn"IIrehese Dtallerat bc era aroe rcqtesetd tn call previotns to going to hli'cemtriie, 0s the iUldt~eicgir d Is licter ninied to evil ilt euchI prices lid slicall olumineaId tile Gcelong a solre oef that trade wehtllh nstlcully belongs to Itti ncdint (a1 IIhs'booer too mlichn thle itcase it (ilecliccgi) drive nwey from this lwnu a tradee tldcli caui be as wecl done hero as icc C elimnire. JAS., GO ltOiilStfl. .Tanuary, 150. '' - - ')TIOoF, lto t t 'eitllc. --i, the tiundernigicit . "hainng purclisti diebls due to J.1.. Gresrey" Ect... Itcelrt..q line, Ihereby ., ltfmoen .thotse peroonslindsc tcd"ito tlst fims, tiht nllomea .ltiltoer WVnhlleebk, -3C.Gr,'atC r?yFrleretlnet:'tci It apllolnted to eelleed liil , a nir. acid uccllads tlce ttle aeore settlel nti tle earlth ielicportllyllllc, Ileal pro •?eddilh~tviiLb taken tolec~lcrWthe Anu.ll '. Celongi;cltovembcer 20111, leO:. lot ICE Io' tilh,;Mi I:,110 '5Iesrsu Youie.P? lhlTerothcst tatcllers,, epacesltotlIe Croean lutttl, a,Ircer-etreet , Ule? to nlu-lll~ ~t IeIrnn rous crufno. illtireo lab ieee I , l ilitucu aslide nillcl c'er nn 00o10. lion oflholl strop tltey nt.pler.ent Icnplly to pru~sorvo' tn colcri cubllb an e nrtlcl CI h l oh liy evinieqorkot able imnllcsttonl ile' artl Iletltlccdl~ il Itllnr ticiri butelnres to tlhose ilets nile exten~lve Irnccllcet, iti courice olf ireetloic, situateI oxnctlyopllitle tlehi' fornler rritlldten. up~ont whlihel y 10 enteior5Thlurltdny, Jantnlry liit, .?c. . Iarliey,,rothc rdestcpIre to- tate 0 hat Ilno plins or exp?ns6 hae Ica c n I ec a ,s'ilil torendr thcIr,niewe rectllunicihiiceaCc tIc Oeviry cocay IdIeolcliP licr ocarreying oei O fleet- nle btlatceil , anit hloel o nicueci ce witlh tuhal enrunctagentrllt whichl it shall ever be tlheir lnldy to Il,--l'lfo cbove ore pttrchcuers oa'n good Spelcg Cart. - · · · ·· "] OTIC'El---]:.q: I'll il.,VIlls hlec' hiln Ils Iiau *. Is l?'ia lt file' Is n turd pal,0dlle thaiuc hue haute olilgi 31r lI. A;.Clliey· cud nc ioCttlcf, ,til that 11cc bll*IItCJa of1 3trotIUcheers' atul Ct41t~ll~ntlsln APE~l1tg wpllbo ce0ried oi I to o.1:m0, ('olllilc-tlrelt, cwelI, Sext.thlle Criterhict Ilotel, elrboufliiU oltkIn lb alyle siad tmat qfitcrpauo sod b1'¥ t .; nls , • . .. ,i , ~. OTIC .....All parties indcoted to the Fotate of T1oms Anworlte ofmGeelon, .olletor, Io rerquested to make immediate paytents to lrs nhw1orth e dntlattotrix, and erll ptrsooo t Ovingclaim s ngeiuet said esdteare reuqaOlred tod rnlor tile ,sna e to ALItS. FIASEIIt, eolclitor, hlarket-Pquure, flhr luljustment. GelouTg, ?2nd December, 1855. . NOTLCE.-ArOrangcmoetA, Wikn effect from December let, havtng been entl~ered into with si elbmlrne and lobso'b t I iny DhnCompany ir tIle Tranet to and rom Hobron's tny of Goods Etd Pt enagr ex thIe A.e. N. Co.'d oteanmr, tile nderlgnei beg to uottfy ttot suesequeontly to ttle tbove dotto tile Sydoey steamere at present on tills ttion will etmbarleo and land peoiltgera,uic., at tie rdtlway P tier. WV. P. WtItTE end CO., A. B.N..Co.'eogenet, ohonrf, Melbournc. o'III?E lF RIEMtIVAL..--.. W t. Walker N begsto tt to ?tli frioends anti te opublic of Geeloni nd tallarat.tat lie ta, rmovdrom the Ity blnaret ttore, Iiyoero-troet, to t no e oom-t Iodiouo preootuto' otuated in ,looobhool-tortet. arly opposite the Trecoasury, end lately ocuplied y Aleoantoer Sa)e10 tlltd CO. e\V. . . I o rerni tttolli ow nere tlonkn to k g. hrt'ndo of eolung aetd ,tItlrat for, the very Ill:oraL inpport lheo hs oInJoyod, bveg to itloltllte that1 in ddlllon to tile producerusin, hn e has made Prrngemeontt tor lhe Gorwnreinogot oodo to nll tle rttglns. c rud thkt bo Aoioglod?'co o lote o lrt olNsc Loreo cnd oteody drvuers, parties cartdepeon San hour st anky time for the arrival of their loods. to thle storekeepero and oltherrof tIlint and urrouotdiNg dicluist, their orderr ,or all K1nds o01 oodo will wletwitt strict attention a00 tprices, ualltyhnd d ptectuolity. Aditeas Proluce and out lry Icpotleooraboo Bar cEA)Y', "Thdl e Gelolnd Sdeet Aunrllo, ·t," ndl al requisite in irnnstion. 'Tle Torade and ItowtrLd soupplied by tile pub jkhcr 'LIIOilAd tlOlli\VIN, Printer canti Sttletor, Maoorabol.etrert. AdvertiOsers are rettCttlly retis, neteda to Iba rod eltr advertieoloentos 0i0 0ooll iS poeihblto he'tiho touok aio nac" as tile ,plilher wlpose to get o t Obsdyeurly orth otew yor. Advertisements re. Fvedp 1 t r h n .ntl?tl rost.. N EW DRUG IIAI.L.--M?[DooALD & CoL ouooov. whooleaale anct retlil Druggtofi, Great yelo-1strt'ett. tloilog. Orders temr tile country pnactually tteonded to IIOTIUE tor tverybody . --Five I'oiitids S Pear l--Los d fro o c h brELLICK' Paddock, DuninyJong, a Brighlt Bay 51,,re, with star on' rorchead, near hInt toot tlwhto. branded D L near ibsk ny person givctog such inlormttlon us otll lead to her recovery, wll receive the above arid. , , MRi. SELLICK, Crown Hotel, Bunninoone .. ON SALE by tle Ul orsoibmcod- R1Butter, o nsndlcs, Cheese Currants. J.ito bottled Fruits Curry Powder, Cider, Cutty Pipe$, Bottled oer. Stherry, Itekc Pontaec, aad Ginger tlLnes lotcllr Wthtsky Ilatpberry Vinegar5 Bitters. tea J. IIttADIlICIC t Co. LittlenIop-ctreoett?ertt. AN SALE, hy thl e titderslgoedl ex Christian SfromCoehen 1500 bushls prim" e t lais Oats, 000 alt to to tonal 1200 do bran uDanish butter, Ist quality, in jars, wholea anO hlfflrklnro ns 15 resks pearlobarley 10T eares uprrflne noor t imeo red taltic deals tnd boards, placel, S tongued and grooved 10,00 bocks. Ex sundry ships. . Salad oil, Hatty' . hordtnes, in totlftfnd qunrter tins'' Patna and Java rtec Ieva and French candles LN onatchee, In coaes, eacvlholntl30 ffo? ELCIIlOR t Co. 18, Fliodere-ltne west, MIIlbourone. SN 8 A 1. E by the undersigned - oboxes candtestiBelmont, otose : Currents, it crot ib.xe00 Double rose Cork tootter, llonn'e - 500 bhsil ooltoio ,oonotto 1000 ol Noow Zeoland oats0 e1 Uncle Toto i 50 careo Cooper's pint pickles, two doont each r· : ? 3 hogsheads ond 0 qr.eaoks pale stnrry kardon'c tyasco ule and porter, in bottle Sltreottt's do do Bnaroluy od Perktins' do do Cumberlantd bacont. ROIIERlftON AND OSTEGE(O~ t" ::t 14, Elitabelo·t-seet. corneer of FBndert-lne. i SNE Pound Reward.--Stolen or i.trayed, from tihe oted Lion Inn, toorabool- etreet, a krtndle ull terrier Litlel, short ears nod hot rt talt Alewers to t10e n01m0 of .temoc. Any pereon bIrinogog tile above bitch toklexunder dhe Leon, on the premLoee, will receive the cbove toward. ________ PItLVIOUS to Alteration., e greo itbeoof Fuosliture and attrasee Coolwoy'eFourei tre and Betdding Warehouse, opposite the Londdu. iotel, Sioorabool-street., Wf. C. hooving takes ttloe fdJoihtttg premises, anol tetetodoiug to make extensive alterutiton%, the holos do terooitnedt to otll off his porootot stock, 10nd no reasonable olfer oehl bho rniased,) cotmprising- cbout r '250 biur, cotton, 00 ock 1000 other m^ttressre A large aoeortnolen.of 1tutfed.bottoh;edt clairs, \- Ontoo, couIChe and ersy eihairs,ln hatrelotta and eateoert Iron otoot wo.It beodsteods, tn grera vorlevyr Teleopte gild othler dtltiog tahLes Cheifconltr, pianofortes, nhd bookers?rl 5 large glored co-res witht stdlng crashes • Abonlt 40 well tloode gold boi e ho lea, toatles lato tlot et hens 12d ...om y r th.. .." ."'.'.. i~. tit0ilbs.selmop cord"'" , soot? , rhocs? tooetlnqs? .ee·! &r; '±:0 Obseive tile Oddresl-i COoWA'S' . Furnttlett anr t 1ottrats Warehtousea.toor .Oppostite tile Lononto ltotel, ' . . . toourboool-street, Greluog. p LBIA NO'IcE.-lt h ivhtg besen'reportel .totm eltit many persons, callincg thoelselves Dr. Smithkkuo, Ac., art practtstng uondor oy name10, tsuta btlt oht fl0 stlonosve nature, and hy Ithre Ignoranre and want of oordical experience, ditlomas, ,oc., ate run ing my reputttuen in the pubicT mood, i keg joerooion to state that my sole residencc it at 102 Hourko-street et ; and I bekg further to say, thot I am tnotced to put tlii notico beforo the puhblic sinply in eelfoderftace, atd at ttoe .earnest request of maaly of my patients, who have been deceived in the manner I mention. Sty p10ls having been ihoitated, to prevent fraud, none are genuine rulese t'hey have on eacl box my signatureatood tthe wotta "Dr. L. L. Smith's Veto= tcble Plls"oprinted t tn wlhtte on red cover. I remoit tile public' ochu e seroant, IoUid 1.. SIfIlT, L.A .C And slemberof tioe Seodcal Hoard of Vi0. troa. 10t. ourho'.tre ot. east. 1.)UBUI.C NotICf.--'l'e fohlonablc r.,et Coeat, mate to nLen'RuoLoeo.Seo thoe aIoosel tIooll hucque, 00i0, to order, 3Jo.--.t.JItiS DOBSON ulorehoomlt Tailor, Ilatter, Ultothter, etod GeeneIa Outittler, suppliesa gelttloOOmoo with tasiotoosablhi and teasotnalole trousere, made to order, toro Is per pair alsoe. ltli seasoneable sruts ot clothing, eoade to measure, at three guineas the suit. A perfeotlfbt guairanteed. Oboeree-llli tourke.ttreet East, telboare. Terms caseh. t, RIVATE Board and Reiddenee.-Two I Gentlemen of rceejotoohility can ho accommo. doted with tie above, in the most healttly androu. toel part of New Towa, within 5 oinetes walk of the Post stttce. keor cards ot oddlreeseapply to Str SI'CALLloM, Coefoettonere, toorabooo. troot. UItLU ittttL;Ot T_' I.To'.--To Let, wvitlh inuaoedliate posososoon, the ioilop Innt, itlootoO ot thd luaoeeciolf' toold, abouth thltre tnllc trono townlo. 'Ilto liohou-o' to oo olnloodiouooo toootooriedt brloCk tulotliolg. w000 dory' clliet', btltc'otnn, uadol tic toehleoi 51obot.to', d.. 'lthcer is a tornoofliO twenty oon're ottaouoor to tho hoouloo dividedo nto thtorec 1ouoidotek, tWo of which ate cleraed lhe r enlltvatlon. Apply tI . ffOlI CU\I~IISNG. \- : Goelooog lrswory. 1D)AR2IN-lSlIII5NOfTI olGE.-t- havo tl-oi day ottmttteot ta Paortler.ttotooyy profentot Sloel. ? IttotlaordA, loOlot..trcl"tre tecta tad tttarr'yor. '1 theooutinroe sh1001 tor tloe utlUo bo carrtood on tndtoer ttlo sytyl' ool'..iosha antot oawdnct, Arhittects, lohtoiteitoerootoot ootror, ys r" \- . .... .tJOtF.Pl I,. SlIAW. (imes, 14 Yuerro-otrete, " ANIh~c)F·'~il'~lho aoltoortlser wi-hro in 1,tructor;'ull tn"toostruntotont. Apotly, atatitg termo, to LNtStlD'otholc utthlot ploper. Q UINSCIhl F 110'TELp Qotoenoselil;.- •Wtl.t~AII.IlkAtt IIhos 00 to inlormo Ios Oittfntod otoot thoe 1000l1o grtonollo; thnt 11 tt,note ttltote 1000r00 otlltg -to, oooourrgtu rtn .wioht tie thfu' reeetUot'y CeoaoIlrttlo to 1l:0 tilotl tllollt 0 otpolortuootty of onJeyilloo to the tolloot extetnt 0ilo osoatde ofud rartiO pe.lureO thbr.ht'ttht O.aetonoeltlf otllro taoillt. titos utrlvohlldl tohooe cooluty oo'Viutorlo. It tioe lb ois atlttout otesre too roadtir thte nntetoral .eolanotageo of thtos benottnl wotrltog. 1a10cr ooltahle Ito tlloet rontrety to all wito aooy tuvotr Iot eta\otlasilont ,wlwti. cR?'vist .. To tolo tnvoltd or . valoeccoot too cooc ofltir, In dldlttmooo to thve In.gottttg cs teu biot taovrited scenery, toese otrlehhotoo whttht t Ititble appleltite .requoires; to Bolekero t0er tphrftOe, tlmroee stola .'ehlotooeo, i1Olloo oItlrennLok thlel to vobto tlhe V'rlotao phtlces rf interest 1i, tl ooo ntlohubourheoot and too +portle ott hustooals, boots ; for ot0'n 'oteiiCO \o anld Irom 0101p. 1topt-ogrs ontla tmn llt to tielong n0 oIluy honer. ' otilutrlotetO bet-tI tltleolup tt th't-·oSoO'o style, w0th orioalto otttthli,0 r00000, airy atndo:tomfourotilobO ht O.oetoonl, d oeo, c n teyoewhteh- etoolsololooo a IelOtlnldtottorw ot" th0oOe0~ otCra:~ n tnldu, 00000 oo'tlhO Iloblhe xgllllc u ofo rlt e tisy on tohe oiher. Iltoalo rooto h .bO |td ot eay lootor end the elsargs oilltn evrey intonctec he 000 tiho no~t o~tdct'tto stotie. : N.,--Telegtocphl0 mItecge pjomptly atteno dsts, .. . ' ' 1 \- - - - - - - --u( lrn lsmcdn lucn c fI~B!ItIT EAST0OJ, yoar wPire, Mary Alnn r LU Eaeton.wbo left yea at ,Moentt etorleg Januar" aelye months, to go to the Dig-tong, rrecwtelro IC :reeb, it nioat anxioua tollear froea you, nddrcrlcd`d C otter, Poetl(flttie, Jeelono. Any intelligraec of him will be thnnkhtllv ren • ivced at Mlrsa tlnrbe'eisoard antl Lodging Uout, rec irent Ryrie-street. ANSioMl'S PATENT CleArY CUTTenS, on Sele by tile undersagted. A variety of th e eleve celebrated meclhnes with I dI the latest improvements. "it F. BAUFT, llyrnelstrclt. I REAPINO Matcniies-?'or sal, Celtp, two r -acf ]luresiiy ltprovctl ttitsst' ",chtnt'.1 tPtly e t ir ifeaesinc at tie Lrr tt l iiciratidonr i ii STIIAW tOltaete.--- stlaiv iletotet ..--d -iio i i S alyl have their Straw !txle~tso oe!e.,,il and lttieredind di tel tin 10 is It eperpni rtcleo J. it I1H !tL:;CrlE. 18, 31' htllop-stres!, thleeo Idobr* wort ot? ivc Inlladmptua Chrnrcbl. . : ; Paneeoct and Cebltge free ]lslo clensted.' 1 ~ l.Jchetbo etch 4.tc'dErccr, 1,-it of titesa Elot -Lr ! hte hatcleir, free 01 cab. tad tt e ees 1,nt into laib. a Earlyapplitlition to ttie u0,d1100' e e'tl. S l u• laS DOWtil.l Jatluleltt, .Eleplnnt Orldg?, - .?n.V' ? . ' Li 'I~ iitt ~IiInBT~i atti Uttieti, freLttrltg -l Staring Yard. • . - (alILVIE eln`l OIhI'StOt3 be to inlforst .tlr-] chatst anll Coaignt-ees ?,terally, ithlat Illrllg tilla I day teolt'd teont tile Clo\0n, til ldlotlntent ot ii srollndt ct elh carlser •a' c rl 'rretlce astl yairr-ltreet, I ey tare r nowr ieopaet'd to recetvo i;,r eehl eithltr t i-. 1abthe anet.itn or prhitett'y iycitth r'eit.?t"nilLl?, ellillleltC of ltt.lt-r. ccal. orottherbnlttnllttertlt' 'llsty bega nl- to state, tltat Itt it therir itltltlltlon, to htolti aceehi' sahthyituetlhlt?,ofeallctio-ts'alsterh it -tl~eflr or s it c el . tao. lak Ithe pIhce en Snlt?rdt i ri aect, tug ileth itnet. on tile itreeltt. - T o Pl!t'.l'fS.-WtWatetett, tl:ge chtnrre orI 1s, one or two ehtt'ttt' n, et ]irE leinlt. 1tyt tn st ocrteneed Ftlgltshl .%urse, rettlltic tile Inetlthy itert oll a' tile town ,; wealttd nlt sIJoct Ilel inn lhllt litaOnl Ito irthI good rt'elrtn-s~t- givenl. Address, Mlr Thomoon, niceeof tltispoper. - " fII nt tarner's IT'lhagn - Jeits lititrav 1.colonlet prodnee -bro?'r, late ttetsltlilte Littie E1alop.artect, is now vnstaniles to annnuoee to ,raesers nn Itoldere of rolottlli truiluea, ltsai lie is new in a poc'tion to releter thtetl. a wll co htil eoll;'eoseotti' servie? it"y tite tecllitirso -whitte Ilis [ lsle tlymecptra dbueissoafilordts terithe apeody'dis lateAuetlioneo-r.·Lttl e 'tint dl,- r~etct lhac')hg It Eold of" hie old eetok, anld rreloett-l letlto Otpllttilcl i eorner oftth.a--tome 'tesettreei- rpeettfllv Ineltea 0 pablle attention to tlt ner. stnraue eatil:l ,i:. "?-:-", One-lo.te hisdy : .a. 8 tonsaprime poatoesa - - a tons Cittan totor" ' - 0 ceasnet ew raes buttera batter 00.buihelae rley , bae Eteaseegar..-: . ' r Gleniteiststtreh -.,.. " - And other.eitlefcomlmodciiel.-. - .. -.-.A. rall drontd. . rjH IE :FA I? R' P FXL GA' GE. J tt \ES RATfIrAY, Colonl Prordue l'oer.ac respeet gaily intimsate to eollnroet?,ro, foragar. tlivery etaLte reperr ., ihathat heommissioned to dia poae or--: One stagk of ptrtne lttely -tthlcred Ihny, ,- : -. - aeesurilng at,-t-fity-t1,I.a--lltey ho \- eithcrltlesI rr cr vcd. d:-- - - \- One small'stntciki ot' newa hta3 ..oeaur'tlo S abolat twclce tolItS-n ap.." r .OSE: llT l6 Cotlttge, lttloi- trct east,tseconlr i Uer tPaleh cotltage post tihe Ilyrpltet.cost, s'"ott SEXDEES reor SlA 0 Wtanted, fo te cwseble supply cCf Slay it thie eerrl ?totlollole 0" the Criterionl Cahcstt, vlz---e tra ao' 1l; ClydU ee Ihotel. "ltntddy.Wat'tcr ialca, 'lterodLth,• Cortduro) hi tr;damige lteiti?erg and llaltrot. " 'frndero wllt he eceoltd`s nsi tot ' tlie 1 ', Itt inteent, at britiotl Iiotel and. Victora tlote, fGetloaig; a'y. ma nt ontlle',oe .l . ]lEf'l " DEWVING .1 Co. I q'`O .Stertkeepere Tirapers Ilcacra, and Ettlero. a, 0 U3l?tJItcG;: toROli'ittIs anld.CO., Leg'tore mind` tile trade generrllytlhet tlery peurenteo lirce "fron i tle ltanlul'iet1rero ecery deerlptttton of trnspery sanl Hlop"lioedloe thtlt they contiute to. ,p~el up In quantties to suit tltr trle ".?. hls y ?coeltl coit ncel atteention to tet eir pretent tockaonahattlllonten 1t0 asivc, otitbeo far tieseason - ansi wldcel they are prelpared to dtespose of 0o tersea leoat favorable to plurechsers.. - . Calnellntt rlrotlltre ssnd Co., Imnporers aenti- .c GCnernl rt c lrclrnrcttolt l 0, , Colhi-etreeot l1ast1 .:elbourne . ' .- :.. '- - - - 110 o..t I PUJiCU.l\Si;RS.-lttle under I lgned lcshes to inltrol the pubdi, anltt par iltlolrly fewe Arrivuls, that he' in always 'readt on the sllortret notice, topohttout t11, Lettdc [r talre nd. also,- to ofer urefal Inforocotaarrtrettltng heose Lauds open 'for oelectlotn. 'roml lottg Colonitll altd prmoleul extperirnce,-( ot foetrt-el yceri thaa bnolrege fo thte oonsty etay prove ct it great iistttorctaoe to the puorcaser. - \- It. 3.t. GAllitltD,' - n Surveyor. Lloyt a Clhalobor. c, MIalop.stceet weast. Cee~lona.._ '-, - - .-- _: a:LtE Underatined Isa ptrcsrj-r of, or c?ri ll *l"aanee mousy on all dereriptton oflflslture, wetorilog etiparel, wotalet.l- jrt\lh 01, -cun, pistols i and Perry drceriptior ot aiscellanoeoua lroperty. 1 A note nddroeredpt~ties cw-ill be c'attedt uploln at i 1lmir reoidenser Thuetricteot eterycmay be re.eto tlentoa. . . . - ' \-- Woe. '.YEVAIl. Pawnbroker,.. r ' e , h , -11. Uniaon-Ltrelr, Ge(long. 'i -Aihot'e. Victorian - ttanlenecr'o . Almanack. -l--ore stewe far the stew ycr. to tto lovers of th, 0 loricualnralnad Iloricuturl` Arts. Nauw abUlhed '."loaea'a Victorian Grdtlener'ss Atlnaotnn cctlltnlng. a In'ddlition to ttheu~aul eontels t C e of a Yeadly Calendar- oiCe nd, oriilltst Instructiotns for toe entire amlttnnemeolt ot the \'egotablc, 1:lower, told`Fmi~ralt ardes. .AtO atho aue anIC appicialotiol on Ootle, cataloge Sf seeds,cde.'c. * ' " • Country agents supplied on liberal terms. .-" JtJ~alN TO;c.hLlt Seedsmon, lId, tlyrie-trecet, teelotlg. IH IE Yictoria Fire and J1arise Insllranes Company Iove resumaed thle itarine Detiart milnt of their aastaeos. c. .'Sa1LTI, Agoat. Geelong. DCtlI December. 1003. rIllE Uulereigeed, having arrived per George . JItrehall with alarge aoortment cf General ,IMerchandise, beg to intorm purchaser, trhatthey htae tabeto tte btore in tarket-street lately in the oecupatiue, of icoslre Timma, WViLton and Cc, wclere lhey ran offer every inducement to ouyera ia thii market. C. atrd 1. 5. DAVIS and Co, HIarket-etreet, Itel. bource. i1'110E Illustrated Lotidon News, vol. 26 . January to June, 1033. TIIO3IAS DROWN, \- . loaorbool-atreet. \- ADELtDEE FLOURto " ' fLIE Undersigntedi riceivn rregular saiipments ..at 1art ant lugheo' 1ine Ereateh dreoead Atdic laide Sour. VHAIITOt, CAIRD, alnd LITTLE, Qucen.streWt, ielboiceo. Ht HE Undersi ted have been appointed agrato for the sale o Wothereatoon's elebrated Cen. fectionery. HOLMES, WHITE & CO. Geelong, 24th Jan., 130. - Office tn I1elbourneot, 3. Flinders-setrcet. weat. - 'O Contractors antd Biildera -rltiedr are invited for thie creati0 n of a twetw..roomed P'ortable Vsoomdecn toua a few mile from towm. For Curther aortieulae and antieo pclt .apply to 3Cr sY. V venrodtah cottage, Caeld1ih- treert Aelby. Wll llot be bandIh to accept loweot, or aosy tender. Oplen nlitl aatoaday next, uotll twelve ,'clios .ithlJoouary, 103,0 " ? (lOON Oh' GhithiL?iG.!t-- .tce is hIrehby I gicen, timt opplleattolln? will be rerelved at thl Toen Ulerc'a Utlte Y own'llath ll, nitil a a o'clock, a.lu. on- WEDNESDAh', the ith ,diy or January. Ill.tent, freno Cnnleldatra 1br tho cllo of TO tWN SUhV1.VOli,.tbr the fea\nl of Gcelong, vatoct by the resigltttlon of tlretor tloLecnn, bpq. Salaryd"ittt per onnohat. It is esentlial thot tpplietilnt ahlttold be compctent,. ptratictl elo i eragieor.e 1 d 11 is to be unasrtroodd tilat the otticr e.eoeite wi glev hi serviers ebelu •81relI to ie t1e:orlteration. Cite nppUoattoltt tlnit be edttlreserlt to tIle "Tile Xwrhitljtiiti the £ttyor sIond Towan CoonoIl of Greeoiie cna eceltitrsdc` Willa stir wortla h ApplI catoan for thie lo of-ot' l owaurvvor.o ' 'i: W[.LtA31"WEC~FII.' Toca ltlon, Oeolng, " Town L'lerk; 2ad Jaaaury, 1s30, S(WN. (IF GEI3LONL( i.--Noilgc la herehy o givcl Ilsit cit Wedne'tav, the ,30th tiny of JnnmtFJ Ilrl ncsn, at Tena o'clock 11n thle forenoonn ptteeiely. e Ilseltlsi 1 titlotel, of the ltown ot \- iglonltg trilt ,lelhl'Id t thie Towns' lhtiU, iihernlighelp otreel, Ci the nltdl town, Ibr thle Itrlio~e nf(lnller. alto) reoslderistg tull orderlros uiipLn the vaelattlon oftrt s tn, t i bnlblhltgas Ind` ctt, tioe spliat tonvlelaacthealttilto betlonginy, wltt tsn 0he tofn e~oc'Gloi, tie lineslo bylie baitowsi vittiolotol; 1n11 i lthcrilt5 olisl e ltne? t tilt ealbojttlls ageiinat the valu tactln , whh hosave been lodled cr1tll tie 'otnIl5 tork, Iin aorrerlslme with inotice. Alt Il'wtloe hottis have ldeit asatleea oldfaeetlen Oaetiltet tilte cii ti ahtlathll, are reiulrcdl to plve llilr at tnthlnieteeeotirtlgiy ll t|to tie illnd lflaeo chaye. tho oile-ita~lt cewill heo celonilteret alplhabetclrly, i the flo no r via.:- a Vllrinr lla \inrd S Villa,. ittitt Want ':I Itollerllno ' ard IljertorI tintit ctttl iii rle t tnelyr hI' nirst, I ntleldtidee 'rtaih "hYtt rl'eeno 'stuey nlay iy etlsoer sirertait'y it, eelort ei their tito clc s, ona . Townt Clork. Toatn italt, • • i lo~elg, tal Jan fu,, 1535. . . - '@0 HOTel.-KREPrIP.Y, &e.-For; Sale, brL tbe Unldercrei-d. a Siuperior Tondouc-mnle ICE C IIMSV, or.lieirlgcrator complete, neith ice C Cre mcanmstl hnllds i ei .... j MS.i.--rtdeartiotle Would n reateeqttioroy * '-rty r.e-I eet an itl on tll s hpL~z oo he are ~~31 1 rclf l th nTwelv Yo ning ofth -?Ei'taino? n Mlefiedal .Totcrnal, juFt 1ithei "-";lliobd. -Agent to GOeelone, . e!r .TtlI.IJ, S .dd low ok Tuutull.tltcr y 1IO X itOV, Mooraiool-etrect- oToe ieudcacrtcrty, '5. lINere)EIiNRs l ...... E, i.. . e Vet.. .Extsir-n e Premcit ehollerwn-aon o Jrenkvva?r. "I reveral draihcicmaClate OLS, alo nd nmenl :hem nrl r l Inrttr.otlr¢n JIarket; on tl~e mo~t .?fr;l-. I ". ?. u" t '. e 3t. ' , 3t coc-rl c-rt. lcto, t ' " :o' thecrt bstr! otu? h ..tt , an .l he picetlrcl to .ii 01 ltceoccemii n. p-'e-thmn i Ar-ltrs i.c(: icilr" ::t-lrcO,- Fcr G d ;.- : .v' tO -+cto.a-Oh 0 it' S ?t'MF. IhAk11,t-:!,: , U-' cc. 5 Ylreet-;a ? ' + '. , " . S: • . Sorw'aurnw Slwe?-btear.? : . I " t - 1 . 1 " k l eo.. . . ''neFSo Tter n r nc " -'een e e ar r ,a " +|yih 1ts , . G tr e it " f'" i h2,trrn!,..'h lat¢ \- 11tal, 1 tOll .. of e to b "itch,,, . .'Iccicerm'? Stmeno.' -. itc·tc 110 on 0c'o berre sconce Idi to · o(Cnno s Ke ly M. ll inc r :{lt l Elow l D!. at T R, S" "' ?'THO)l. IS nni-130?'?2-+ . .t.t : ( . t 0 ? " ' "ec -d":"i lobcc onl.i rev " San'ele t ~l d 0,;ir r6isul bl e ouo' rli ?,r o lialspe iii LGltttXt TI'i .h C~lA3 olm'Lgart-e, Storesof abcksorn line and .or IU, tA.t:--c? .t.. : . h c , 'Paatelplecia.t rtle Iiochr cl I1lteiit Aylltllllu .roblongJaniip1cttneie.ot tioi l Ict c o I E. P AN,'SI0S ~e, a er " d tarkers nore, hitoig h tJ'~tcul1cr'it~lfltrc W lI-m-~r~ ci~niicc-itd dlelr aretct e t ctci ; ni o c:i: t rrhis Va o "" 'I " : ; ' ", o Plliir Ic ici eoccm f~cirenttlv lrcn djelt re ciced i inh el h, l hire c itr c cccc?-ll t etI illl r bclnti ic ' Ar.oln It lD-ec ;lccri ieti, cllr t aelc cl ln l -n as Siicr i'-ac ktccic.le ciccr iicrrl ic tGo oi t irc manccc,cGame* to . L. lc, iticIc 1i1 cc1 hdlit? . tpply nlhrte-pc-tet A+d S Ie itnl.T E ,a ltiie in O,thamlt J .11 ne. ill tile cibn' , c ihle ais oa e lledlhl to Dorl- i Moca ret!SOre )trciccnt, I ittle, nIyrtiec TE Soerbel eooplterordrntt te rceitalso mu-nie sl lcpree~ ,: ;, ,,f ..:? ,,, +, c Cclprtorh dokne r'e.elhvl, +| Arloe tinearerirch io'. goo ron s.-)~t D. C l Pi e ilenc ellc ~ oi litile tyernle- .: let quality \'. D. L. flour " • Do iC lilan do S Potntee e o?' l +r e Otli, clonlal and Seatoi }'o.ay .t . Chaif 1itlle cry hees nht.iy nnle.th atilec 10 ,,lt the times. ' P(l 1-olchtnen. Genlthinen, 011d A-rtieullnristu. i --'Vntticd by a hli.hhlrecpectnble mnrrl i mioni c wiitbcct Scic- i cly l ion ai IleloaiSicclcc t rd or illllll on a 'tr n ; ''llc:c Jlt Iiet anriccd trmc i I'nglnocccmand tiaing tcncl graet eXperelce In lie1 mort ihcproved acetlods ofrcrleulture. nod nlao tile uy ,slling an br~eling of "tauok, herespeet .l llynllrshrlusel' olot10 1lcF: "". '+ . "] , IcAress Itllllif'?ctct thfle oitl is 1cef er.' i pnp of hine ecc--rr- - lo 'b- leninblc;;ec-=~ for tice cerenra'wnork, of'n aelcop lr?n"n=o tlreet.thrchnlc hylen, Esq.,,nlllhooccei'd. olthl Saturday, 2tth insltnt.- ..... .1"011 ..OUG, Aretlttectl. .City Chaomcers, Bolntlo-n, wcet, \+ o 'Ist Jollcnry, 185t. , yrl.STII,, BE- lF'. X' . A'AI11ThQ . .. · :" :k = 'COPAr " I0"I A ' :.:;'r "l ++ . .Cplital, t,0oo. in I?n snlcares nrct eeictbo 1cb .·, , -- , . I , ?att irl flll ou allotment+'+ -,?-: • arcb rgse edoeci(lingito Actor Ceontl~~ :,.i :,1 ,,+:.. C COU .?IZrEc '. ', ' "- ' S.. .." MIr. Wp; Itellan. • X•er. Tllcenc Slater . . .-dlr. Henry Boarro -er. Peter inrln? =' Itr;Dean " Mir. Thomas Kelly M1r. Chlen \- Ir. Ccrtli, .... . . .... . '. \- -" .T e'I?nrcehe, -. :c : ..'" :. 'Ticie Ceinpiny tics Ic·eic icciahlloticci to Rnppnl3 lice ocoilt, Raid reciairricc-icl~o'. lie.*croc utedIJ o (:te-ogg Aehyo .llctec, Irelcbtcn., c.. Withtlle nl,,nUs of ocnJc+]ng tclletcucu- or ' an'ccchIicog,a" ll WNle ore' nreclnluded ur t0ltce'gretlcflccnceei o tile exlJtIn 'n iOctlctthoues cinm tille portion of the towi, thom O',,itllni tcctclh c-re of tidl g.ecct re .tcoite to IEcltti illlt t cntlince. - . SThie Co.in-iittce Ihove lx'tlchlie ollorn at tleinocli nol Velue oef Li, and to ccrder tict Icr,eont c f limited nlecin msoy be enabble to nice olcori., acoc hot- a ilctierrst ti, iio be partaiersor;c thie bcnceitt to reuhl ircci the oundcrttalulng.'- . * ? • Mo peicon wllt be a1ottetd niore tlcn twenty.flne uscaree. hr .. . .. . A site teo been gronted by government. onc nc soon cc 5011 ulcin are 'atotltri. Inr clilch the eom. \- et:on bcg oiierly application, operations /Ici be eommlecllee. ,' ,- + Apilietiontn for elcicres in the uutal nionner ran be mnde to .the Trcsurer, memberc of committee,' or to " . .....10 .. "`JAMES B. TURNER, .. .._ . .. .Secretory. (?E,, the Undersigned, haviicg extensive W premlee att 1.elre we, nrc ieairere t tn cliii nilcl scour Wool, ciccd get it up for lheLouton ocarhetn. on very'mecircte teri. We on- alto pcrelhcacro fgreoeccy woolo stecp shios and tIUowi, ill clcy QunititceS. Li- • 1Y,D1cc iK: GIttAItA31 Coneri Terrace l.ate Stores of J.icksone I1ce. and Co ?] ASTEDJBOO 31cn, on ithe Railwy between V the Ic uck Pcnds and Little itirer, irleoe nork, or euient enees paid, wcith tents, wood and 1 water.--Apply to tlce Contractoro, on the workh. OtUOSON, OSS AND LESLIE. Geelong, Jan. 18th, tlU. ANTED, al! the Farmert in Victoria, who have boon at great trouble and expense in Petting Ia their hlarcest, to come and see tic tIeagiiig and Tcinshcn.taochicle non at work on ttrJiciN itLLtAttaiccc.t Farm, Indented Ieads. January a2,1;d. WAPI~D, a oalFemale Sec- want; apply at W P A ede-enretrect. Dnd Jonianry, tIte. 'jh? ANTLD a situation as Acijstant Governes or Housekeeper. Addenos, .?MY, ulmm eof ths paper. cAYTLhD, immediately, SO -a'anies on the " aflfway at Cowli's Creeik three miles /oln torwlr,by \- ~ , T. SIESZTEr, • ' ": 'Ceatraotor. , N ATED, Gromn for the rood; none need apl oee1r~t-raie inca at the Dritish Hoet 5j~5flY DE*SNIG A Co. , AŽSED, a Dray, to take 8 or 10 ct to Colic. Apply et the Commercial Inn, G or. o-street, APPly erly ,XVANTLD, a r?cleCtable man as' Singer and Cccrnicull. c lcocy to F. Cacioci,,, Gacee. kic-ecer-_ holt, h'rrc- stcr-t, _Gceoc.". %/' ANI+gD Foure Bullock Drayo to load Y ' withluocr. and brlno wool dotni. Apply to '0V, L. LEES1, iblio WYoo]." Warehouse. WV A T 1' D, "Fc-rm Serants,. , - O'FAIIRELL a SO S * " t tyrle-atrceet W~ATD o.riccocn, tliaC J. TO?.KiNS •,Iron ledznteedr .?.nker, sc,e.,, hs renluY? to . G ' 1t0-,t two doom thocn 1lonribool-nireet, wilcere -tc-luiittmac ore mnde to order, or' nlly .sze. tllcccln, ur'l:ricrc; soe, iSnltli's tornt of tero> descrilction,..= . . 'iiANt' lD, a reelctllle Younth of liberal education, either no articled pipl, or forer term, IIACKIIOUSI .1 IIioiFOLDS, if ericlitctoe slid Surveyors. b llarket-squnarc, Jno., a4tll, tall;. ,+: '/ANTFD, a ooalttocly M1aker,'Wheeler, _ and bmltii.-cpTply at F'I'o 'IAh nod r- IILLISGIL~s.c;;d~l 2oc1 nltoilcctoren.e, LaTroho t Tcrrac.--Tte blgbeet waycs lll he gvean. Geelocg, Jeinanry 17thi,____. _ _ I"t I'ANIE1) to culclect a ncinolcer ofEaith'anil ', Stuce Cclttinc, aictl ,1ohonitkmeotct, on the m elone alltl 3}all, ln lwoihvay, betecen the in tiukc-nisallll ui.ttlulolnur. Aplcy 1o t· lllhcii, 0000, aitl U5~sL1C; ~CUAIDUt,.I) l c"m tleic- li.n cr a gentlllcian n'ha wncchc sllare a hi c-conl L ttlig i-omn whic ice.Ie, rtr two ~wheoccinblch b vuwitllcg lit ccl'a~tlccc- or fr~r vl~ul unlll=t otcdl'p lily Flltll? rtil~ltu+ , "+ ctiictceis, 1'.ti., l llcre l sle pere 1 " r· ai .,ul~m~ :IcuC Ll__?_ ...... iF h~it ohl~nhlc'r?ect :tlhw'c-ieveY iiA ,|xO ltge.-, I r tche hlcip ier|n in~i iontlliuptil to 0cc.?" lelg, by wiiovnl to 1r0O lemlniu Jliclnth ltrnetoti \- Jiay, he can hlnac- ofhi. lgethocJauai,. ,, ~ ~ ' '' . . . , -J UbI? hw0m" te Rlae Carr H~ttl Brllllrl :Jon /he 7tll inst., u Farn Crloured Kan~anuo Dog white etripe down fortehead, and a white epot onf te neck, brooded 3 Q ear rib.--U faoun£, tobe delioered to ~r SIY. GOILLNG. .J. QUSimSEY. =)EWA.RD of £5..---Loot from MIeredith, one I bay hiorse, J near ehouldor atar on torehead, ,No. 3 ofl shoulder, and near hind foot .'hite. Any one fniin g tine obove horme will receivethe ,Lo reward, lhy doltvering tilei nree at cny of tIle Criterion Compeny'e1toblce In town, or atongtig 0 Moad. It. DEWING nn01 CO. 1O0ST, in t aOl el-streot, on fI,,ndaI l'e\oentiR' : 2st January Hght color hail-tircdt eoitct Trrrler. Wyhoever ll'tl bring the rome to MrrA. it. trcd, Tno rolie Terrace or 3tooraibool-ntrcct, wtill be C3fOLEN on "'lte Dllb, from little liver, one o-r, bay mnor, J.I' nonloln,' nooe n loitidr, btCk n';lonnd tail, and tlor hi Ibrellead. ,ery pereon t'npingrn ie tlo'Dnlel Corecoran,;itttle SLter, r,?t reeolvr lre lhIlonltod I.word. frelon Jneuury.l4, t?tO. cjTOLEN 'or .toravld from Erst" Geole.?.a",. 1 ethennotlborae colt; bronded R ntmera rBouloer, l r tI|l ropertyr or "lr I .nt-. .IilitlKreon eringlne: tamln to 3l: Tianniel Core, .4-crekeeper, I aeeer, r wll receive Five Pounds ('l.?lng, Jonnitecy 101h.1, .. l'1 !lATED Into Ille '~T~~Pdlck of i J. cind~e r ! · " ?lyllcl n darkbhrewn Itor'e. wlilre bluzeno Ioken tin: td t.P off shoulder. Tile ownr .ce ri have ' 01·· 1eypnytonmci~l~rnnnnri. 1i l li 31 'toT'\ cd. ....._.... . ..... Itndented- leods. ?i f.1N or Iilr.Ofnl:ln·.~2bnr Iromt 0 ti :in' etlong £20 lrewrd, II'ttodea. o £1 ro3ee, if' '·' ,.;;,d- ; · , : . .• I i orowon h0or0e writh hng tall, Laded V on'oee \- abotlid;er Ithllout 01o100,1 At. , i ln.y hor-er, hIraililet Con lior vI .,11l1crr. A wt" l,ernoo oe bringlig tile smel' I.,, 'r. t' Snell, 3\. il'oct yere.otroet, will recelveo thle above rce. c. 1 ll,''?tl Poends ltewalrd.--..trained frot Ce , hnl, on time ltI- Jtluoorr": nie blenk end:.. co:i. , wlll whlto o nllt. ll"' 0tinlle,.l? e,,?.? ,. itd.'l'D WV n0''lle, S ofC ulEr Ie I net nr treel. elt .lie Ihole llwnrd wll tbhr lill torltley Iprlon ,,l"m'oeIoc tlh hoore anI eo to troPll'' E10 .'·?` ,i, i~li, Groer ,Lo 'froloc Terrace, Adllb. "p;i; t P:'UNDS IIErWARD. --Stoen: , or -i r :rvetd. troan lraeerL Creek', on Slot Decem Iie?lr. : ,.he n lt hr.e', leiraIlel Ut nol, theO near Iih ,tI. r. mod EX III, oir'lelo. loirdwolie the fae, I-? f~nindC1 rr? llit.c. 'ufaut lmull?r~r.ndepr, llc-' 0".l1r11ii. al,ilqberl flome lellil" thleinme.· \ol er v~lhl Illlh 011e "lll alld 0 t11111 tniir. etle ll,O i :;r. e Cel'e le;'er or.. Ilurn. bl 'btemlU ltl Little .:a:q0r ncetl oteltl receive tIlt' a111ve'rew orcd.' ; " IriiRI 'E POUNDS REWARD.--Loot, from • I ': 1 o?ll Poest llll,'1 .itweilee1i 01one 1b il l 1C:.nd nnod rhlle, bronded TO near ehioutler.: Any one' dllicorrnc t00e leme to tile pollee will receiee.the hove rc word. I. . ..--_ --t- to S'I2 ou01ilkl0 rri, :peo uoerlooren, 1ad helber. l ,tl',i"fIno "oneD illy "Teenr b olllo . nntr con n n. .?.h 1 rnd. t d y no" ebenlhlrl, 10ll oitl0r.c ' lie Vile llnv¢ I'? ond? onl recberen etll mnre; and, <:Twlrl'eolodsin : onvhillcc iol'iho tChief, on an t{elloentlou Ii. .IfO.'pll IIAN ty; SOllenbor pe Il nlh ' it; orn JOIUN SCUTT .0SO'., Lelgh Brldgo Ilotel, O llFord.'e ' : . .,d.?., . , i; I.' ; 1; 1 .-Tot "from Brown's' Dig T l d.o .nlloelk, ca olhrenut hoay dnetl~l 'lonrfe hlr'innrP\" nearn ,dullder.'hldtee ltrre en lon eI: Any DerCot 1Oi1rlylcngier to tleun.' dI ih dMmleeelgei1011 nrve £5 rloitun ,' ' DCV IttD C 3AIlE. Plgrlrcet, Woolly; Woslone.": TIVIIAPD:, ,. Le.t ..n.e lileorl J 'i iL.WPnt. ---itL' it.re learo" Ie'y Iont, no ;Lc-.U?"T~r ,L~b'oy.'r~rll.? lnm Ihuehy toll.'on t'rldoy 20111 Ire~oll,re', hmeende.1 cD oner eP'lder;n Ilbeli ol eleY l iihm.!.. I.ioeorewlll leh, hertl Drlevl tl FellII '.,trlaii eno- tI:llno-r m t?-?:or otr e iln . ns. of rLd' 'ir~ el t"linl ietii- . O .la ' rIi " ch' ol ie, l I 1' :lhl'i, r al?oi ifI tlie ncc p.er lee oeth inf.rma~tlon n? wlll~lead to Irrortiry' fl" c. :'. ".. n( " 'AoE]I'\rl.:'FOS.? "'.. S'. il .'Poundlbnpeer, nert' coere 1:n101 ether are ceolteneitd nOnst pIrcenleIalil or .ellIng tile above nlnreC·.-., " ".i?.. Ce.crIwleKb December 1Ith, I$fi,.,r - . ., ? r ''liDUOATIOXv Funo 0eIil·l a~ucn Scttciu, : Iemn nObloli.--Tllt.t eCelln01 pa r¶ cc- 1,red oiu ilcn. ldn tihe nth O .1rnnuory'-i n nderiml e snpnDhtileoincde 'ofilr "A~lnolt' rte'cwhlo lina betn al,piti'tIe.tllead Mac tee ol ' h r "1 .. elpnl nIlsltentntrchler In Ii .iSeetall folletn, Diel. "ilccn~ odnn:clinC'lll donDoer rope lnen int o l0e not,,.etlp nd:t irnl or "ontll ceonfldullly Ilorep 1o nlaitln' tl, lhe 0chlmn ato10t0 I.u1' 11lato of eel. "" elmnoect 11Salnlned ntnindd-ellFe :ebl, ,.nooloailent or llt prlieeeseor;r lese. "Tlce\moatimp?rnvd metlicols or toistronlenpwltl be nadotmecd, 00a1 cetrb 01ten1on wn1l ti'ueroeo,,d on V'criincArthtimnle. snd"O it onlo"nepitng'i10" m,' inerned" CemmerclnI Teaerhlatlnv'n been opecllt)llppointel frottlede brooc li:'O . lr · ·I·I . r .r- :·. il-tr iurn It nno1 liPrprd to releIve o len' young "LAntlnlin e feon e0er 0'.tor ewltll l cl irionc., tuntmel'ln "tbo e allnlthlieet panrt, ofa .liw. town. ooid wlthti c;leW mlnotee walK' no tIle ta iyL rwelt rLtrrrO\Qii CPAIJMTo 'O.-,CflOOLL -.Ue.d n - 3estel ".nv. '..O. v 0 ance? 1.. Cornieato the Archideacoi, late 0eholor of Lincoln Collcee. On forIt 011 Seninr Claslical echolar of Iongtia Col :I l , eel ene 0flce moncttln.ae fiir day Acrhlidnr ny, 001t olIe ihinnle ln tle inellclitlh. tnll . ~rllramld.. anl sOdlllor hI~lflllCllhll~rPC{llEll: {I, fills town'. wl,h I ,0mim to.r0llioVrinr I10. l','i'ilOt. roe lln e soni of lentt?llion to .Tollenurtle.ror-ile ' lo olonics. In order .o in ieluethiema lldfceh itanrlt flilentton. . ,-..'l " . -l" St. Vnn . 0~ pcrepartd- ta'reevo-etimllt or ten boardetr ImmetI teily nflt.r lice tirl-tileo vinrllon. 'over r'iooe 'lre1n00 en nitluluon lt lg no 011 nO1 over tlntr morel ond int?.lloetnil dilrlltnment. lio nih tIlillhh ll enercite a 'lltlontrcuplmri.lrleen en. I whlmttt 01 clllI br til enrmen .? 'roreoor, lrilti em tutor ndi eltroomoen, to train op cth'n rntrested to tlie charie en ttIe nurtore and aamonotlon of t01 Lord i For hIs eompetenny to unlertntee sillh o hinine, D1r. Vnnce nepnola to his t'tcli Usoielty DPecree, and Sclieol Distinetlons, nod to Ilo nlllmrron telltnonlals Inlocid forn enerrt tllpertlln In Olin Arcbhirone'o Ilelllet), froim llllcliillolelrl pro~ee . 0,1 tl cl'lioro onoro t. and oll-ic iliolt lil OiIplnrt oea' mon .orlmnd wtll enohle Itoim i'. mebo tile Geelong tiremloar School a arclllt to tile Itote oropesed to plore the Grmmar hool llt oonnexion wtt11 tllen elehourne University. Poplino'll re-assemble on tlonaly , onry It, Skene.atreet, ear the corner of La Trobo Tar. December 24. AKINGGTOfN ITonse Grammar School, Paktnctoon.treel. .Nentown. ].ltbliolud Id 10. S Princianll Sr Toc.o W. SPrFvne. The cour1e oninotructioh st this Fstnbllenment I 00t eneh a charactr ao emlnenlly to qonoify ypouth for varied poelitonof usefiilneos. The Princtpal II noi ecll keon'n for the success whlell hoe atitcided hie elforts In tloinino tie yotlhfut niid to habits Sof thoucht at, d propriety. The Brnche. of Instruction pursedmem are Latin SFrenoch, Algebra. Arihlilelme, I '~riiolliii. luio, t0'ritllg, 1-'ngltsh Grn ciiiiii lvlih lut.Olag, Gtoe. grrplmy wilh 101l,, El-locution. N'0lll0l fllioec1llhy, Orneieii, tloanil, noiL ]logli-l aoll'rciraionre. L'oi. k~eeping b]" ?lnc/e alld lnul~le ~·ll erl; oalo .hcllumill tr a. ir epiice'h' to agriculture, l'erm. they le bknoewn iiupo al,licati0n0. Tile plnpll will reil-nonhle tatier thle Chrlotms Vcaotlon,)lJ anory loth, 1805. MRS. TURNEII, Profoeror of 11uuno and 1 Danclne. No. I. :lyere-,oreet wesl--.lee Turner hbs remowed her Acedemy f'r Ihp in,,rue. tacn of unp'lt In SIoooo anil Dannleg, to ahe above commedlono premises, onm iel colic'1 ·rnlinubnce oftel. kind polronnge no ber fileode, ancl of tOh society of Gelone qin generl. Planoforte, ptr Querter pa'ablr In Odvance £3 to (Inltruelrons on the I'laiotorne :or Ilrgiilo'r., or to Olnih the alylo of ocore adirocid 1'uplU.l Dancig, per qualrter. pcyable in advance.,. it t SlngirkLesens0 ..... . .. an tlrel tonl,, at the reqli.1 ol m0ny o0flherrlihdud, tine ilirnel aol Asirml~lv, willoh will 0 e 1 o.llluu'd every. lortclgl, oIl 'fllr?lll)i L0v. lihiOr, lee the hellcat of hoc nioer advuilt'd pnlellli did te ple porcdl to omlobl.'l I lolnld onollolllr oht Irootlolae i. Prtle- no eaUl-eribLero, at 310, per quarter. o irs y Jrolier hY coinclinF tiIi' alnJllokol to licroeemlly to revtpeeiollr ll00t10 alotle, nd by etllerJudaiit in Orraiolonbiet.1 tlhlih 110n0 poet elpcrli nc in to log. ]al.d rime 'nih Il.' able1 to c 00y 1Ut. tnuaia 1001pll-y a 0w00l ileioh olac long cbllted In GOleilng; Vl... 0 Select Quoilrlle Party. Itln lobe ui derolood llthat Pilp'te ollI hnve tle entree to tIle oasebluy wihhout et1c elharge. Se~onoi Aincoelia Yi ?W' Poolds Oeo'ard.-- Stolen o01t of o . ly pddltnlt oel or ablout 1lelllay,. Jnmlory 14th, '0 0 11 boy more, wrtl-brd, aLout t4 . tInl.dO 1igl1, tiltm cit cc'I i I i h ll,.ihldr, e tollg nRtllIh loll. 1 . eli, OlIt ight coon, lIllree abouct 1-Itnndo hlgIb [ so" tail bnded 1b.e . o0 near shouhhtr, 001 a f',i erty htIlalI.Cll to ?r belawo. TIh abooe reonrd 0ll1 Ie pald on ronviction of 1he 0h1efo 1c o£ recevery of tine aainmlao. WMD. UERTLION. WeantlIherboard StatIon. I . liverLglhI, Jan. 18,1 50.t / I Egl. (I'U and-1l-ebore.e h-ilo'ay.-.-''oen 10 norja Fo .lreCperisoolhbe`;neo; t addeennod 10 tIle O Da o lrco sl rcr crl 01 tIle 081010r of Ohlo' coalnp ultly 111 Tliiiredlw, lhe 14111 0110 of lola .eae5' one, ta.r .the catiptI 011 atettoolr~ 00 abolnt '0 tOiOlalnleera,. Partloolma niay be oOtained on applcatilon atttlhn Oineier'a Offce.' 10 . . •. By otort l 0l the liedl - • , hiAlt¶LN S11eLL, . , .luieseoary. ort C elon, ;Jonuoary 18,18050. StIONG 10111' ndl1;elbloulq 'Ilailnoat.- 011 10 '., ohrrt liiamreocrd to the l'ooool Oi lol'c,,r. 00ll II' he rrca,,o,'d it Ill tClt', 011110', i'I,.ii f iIill 1r tr'Il10n h'. the '2.111tow, nl 101f.1 e lt' ,h . iii 11l'1., Irbon t'IintI t~oll. hleV lI O'i'uI'Ililllt 'e t't~itolh 0. 00 Ibe I 'ellllr'img ore lo t tnei· l . PI J'1',ttrle, h,1110'uy te e hloh,i it on rpIphl o'alie h-Ii thO 1\. .fy terdor o tfIleI Board o0' Dlreclore - , * Goole?nC,0noLryletoi0, So:"., . T 