CITY ELECTION. Mr. PLUNKETT'S WARD COMMITTEES. A _ GIPPS WARD. P. Hogan James Collins Owen J. Caraher Dr. Mackellar morn Ryan -Daahl Dwyer W.&Moutrjr; JohnCrowi K K market.. seen Men's- (Wharf) at w 8lT*f,Ur James Casey Michael How Henry Byrnes T. Bhoussey Lawrence Corcoran J. 8noonsey john cuthbert Thomas Galbraith Thomas Moloney Patrick Freehill Frederick Ross am.", 2 sets Thomas Lynch Law Tierney j hn Coldham Thomas Rodgers Richard Wild. With power to add to their number. P. HOGAN, Hon. Secretary. A '. , BRISBANE WARD. JjOjfW ,., W.H. Aldis W. H. Hoskin! on j. Ward 1 C«5VM?"""h H' Nowland M. Charlton B. Mrhon g; left , M. O'Neil McMeel ' U. O'Neil SfDpjl» - J O'Neil If'MV** w- Armstrong J.GMlek Jane Smith Hawes W. Brown J. Ryan P. Smith P. Lynch H. J. Cohen J. Mulholland 8. J. Cohen With power to add to their number. JOHN GILLICK, Hon. Secretary Y. M, COOK WARD. James Husband James Taylor John Thorpe Frost Denis Guerin John Murphy William Irving John Grant, M.D. Joseph Carter Charles E. Langley William J. Powell Arthur Poulton William Chalk John Molony Michael H. Landy Benjamin C. Bradshaw Edward Gallagher William H. Galbraith John Barlow Richard Creagh JohnO'L'ffo James O'Neil H. Dobson James Tighe, jun. Felix Moss John O'Hehir With power to add to their number. RICHARD CltBAGfcf, Hon. Secretary. PHILLIP WARD. Edward Cunningham Thomas Molloy Joseph Hook Thomas Clune John P. Barnes Michael M'Maneman Thomas Cjulgly John Doran Richard Brown Thomas Staunton Morris O'Neil John J. Curran Luke Ryan William Roach Cavan Byrne, Hugh White John Madden William Coleman Thomas Quealey Patrick Mooney Patrick Daly John Mooney Philip Walsh William M'Guoktn sons Bevan J. Horsley Henry Harris William Rutledge Thomas O'Neil John Healy Cormick Smith Patrick O'Heir Thomas M'Guire Richard Cullen William Coman Patrick Conners William Roach Peter Hughes Michael Dallahunty Michael McNamara Benjamin Green Thomas Grogan Cornelius Moran Francis Timmins William Cottle! John Sproule was With power to add to their na robert HENRY HYNDES, Hon. Secretary. BOURKE WARD. Daniel Baas, M.L.C H. Solomon L. Farrell S. Di vi« A. Collins Stephen Mullarkey E. McEncroe J. Latham John Falk H. C.Jervh cases Meyerfeld David Coates C Callen Lewis Machen Robert Willis Ed. O'Connor Thomas Collier G. Allen J. Fillet Bennett L. Moss Dr. Leslie William Sharp H. Bachfield J. Clinton R. J. Seaton J. Currie P. Barkhausen Robert Smith T. Cohen J. Wells Edwin Beckman H. Wilson John Corcoran J. Row C Bowler B. Row F. W. Perry M. Mullaney F. M. O'Connor Peter Hoffman D. W. Donovan D. Lynch , Whinray Henry Ryder James O'Dwyer Charles Bath A. Becker Henry Lubeck W. C. Murphy O. Pike Thomas Severn Michael J. Russell - Schilsky J. Hughes Elias Moses J. Turner J. Cox With power to add to their number. P. M. O'CONNOR, Honorary Secretary. Any gentlemen whose names have been omitted from the various Committees, can have their names inserted on application to the Secretaries. ?.'haRt!9' j Honorary BrorcUries. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE CUMBERLAND BOROUGHS. Gentlemen the instance of several of your number, I beg to offer myself as a candidate to represent you in the new Legislative Assembly. Is doing so, however, I assure you I am not actuated by any presumptions, or interested motives, but simply from a desire to be of some use to the boroughs -which I cow apprise to represent. As an Australian, I shall, if elected, deem it both a pleasure and a duty to devote my best energies for the welfare of this my native land. In makinga'brlcfexposltlonof my views onsubjeotsof public interest, I may advert (in the first place to the New Constitution, which I believe when revised and modified will prove a great boon to the colony. With regard to education, I am of opinion that there is a great want of efficient teachers, particularly in the remote districts. I am opposed to the withdrawal of religious state support, (at least for some time to come), being convinced that clergymen in thinly populated parishes would not be adequately remunerated. Upon the subject of railways, I feel convinced that the country must ultimately derive unbounded benefit from the same, and shall support their extension (wherever practicable) through the length and breadth of the land ; without, however, involving the colony. In matters of general improvement, such as the erection of public institutions, repair of roads and bridges, together with all other local' subjects, I need hardly say, if elected, shall receive my best and most earnest attention. Economy in the expenditure of public money should be studied at the same time the services of able, and efficient, officers In all important departments should be secured, and I would not, as a rule, advocate the cutting down of salaries. My principles are eral. In conclusion, gentlemen, to those amongst you to whom I am unknown I may add (and with pride that I am a son of the soil-a native of this rising county, the boroughs of which I now aspire to represent-and from my earliest days have been extensively and still am most intense !y connected with the staple interests of the colony, viz., grazing and agriculture. Being thus identified with the general advancement of my native land, could I consistently "or conscientiously vote against my own future welfare I pause for a reply-and am, gentlemen, your obedient servant. Retreat, January 24th 1860. DAVID BELL. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED COUNTIES OF COOK AND WESTMORELAND. ~ Gen tlemen At the request of a number of electors, I have the honour to offer myself as a candidate for the representation of your united counties, in the ensuing election, as one of the mem era for the Legislative Assembly. I feel that as an Australian I should fail in duty to my country If I declised proffering my services at the present crisis, for I am of opinion it is only by those whose Interests, either from long residence, or ties of family and property, are identical with ours, that we can be properly represented. It is not my intention at present to enter into a detailed explanation of my opinions, as I intend personally to wait (so far as I am able upon the electors. I can then better explain them. I would, however, briefly allude to one or two topics. With respect to the New Constitution, as now the-law of the land (though in favour of the elective principle I am disposed to give it a fair trial, and if not found to meet the wants of the colony I shall be ready to support a more useful arrangement for the selection of members for the Upper House. I am of opinion that all measures calculated to facilitate the means of transit to and from the interior should be supported, as I believe they are required to open out and develops new sources of wealth to the colony. With respect to Education I shall support all measures calculated to promote the same, being of opinion that the more general diffusion of knowledge is indispensable to the welfare of all classes. To many of you I am well known ; I trust I shall receive your support. By those with whom I am not personally acquainted, I hope, upon hearing an explanation of my political opinions, to be favourably received. My principles are liberal, and should you do me the honour to select me, I shall always endeavour to the best of my abilities to advance your local interests, and to support those measures which in my opinion tend to promote the welfare of the colony. I have the honour to be, gentlemen, Your obedient servant, ROBERT T. JAMISON, convoy 8th January, 1856. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE COUNTY OF MURRAY Gentlemen, The following brief exposition of my political principles I am advised to publish for your further information : I am decidedly opposed to those restrictions on representative rights known as the two-third clauses in the Constitutional Act. I would support any sound proposal for the construction of an elec- five Upper House, but am strongly inclined to the belief that a single Legislative Chamber is what we are tending to in this colony. I consider pensions granted in the arbitrary basis of mere tenure of office, without reference to previous qualification, as a public wrong. I disapprove of public leases and of a high minimum price of waste lands. I would encourage the settlement of small free soldiers by every fair and practicable mothers. And therefore I desire a thorough reform of our present land system. But I would make the change consistent with the maintenance of public faith, and could have no confidence in national prosperity founded on the depression of extensive industrial interests. I am an enemy to the imposition of taxes, in whatever form, upon exportable produce, such as wool', gold, tallow, wheat, Act, and also upon any articles of common or necessary use, such as tea, sugar, Arc I prefer the national to the denominational system of education, and theoretically am not in favour of state support in religious matters. But in practice I am prepared to made by my views to meet local feelings and necessities, and would inflict no injury upon existing interests. As before intimated, I shall be happy to afford, when required, all reasonable opportunities of personal explanation. I am, Gentlemen, your obedient serv into WILLIAM FORSTER. Brush Farm, Ryde, February 5.85 G.a ET. GODFREY, formerly of Gwydir House, is requested to communicate with the undersigned, who has an interesting communication to make. Any person knowing the address of the above will oblige by sending the same to FRANK RAYMOND, Scott's Boarding-house, Argyle-place, Flagstaff. A LICIA SANDRA. B. H. can hear of her by JAY addressing a letter to the Post Office, Sydney. NOTICE.-The undersigned will not be responsible for any goods or money supplied to vessels without their written order. JAMES MALCOLM and CO. 6th February. 1856. "VTOTTCE.-I have this day admitted as partners 191 in my business as commission agent, ship broker, Ac, Mr, John Brown, and Mr. James Malcolm. The business will, in &'?".£. carried on under the firm of James Malcolm and Co. JAMES MALCOLM. February 1st, 1858, TO THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED COUN 1\. TIES OF NORTHUMBERLAND AND HUNTER - Oestlemes,-I have the honour to announce myself a candidate for the representation of your important counties in the approaching Parliament. As I may call myself all but a son of the soil, and as one powers sing a large stake in one of your counties, I might, perhaps, have solicited your suffrages at an earlier period, had I not hoped that the present crisis would long since have brought into the field a sufficient number of less actual proprietors to have enabled you to Bond three resident members to the Assembly. As I hope to meet most of you prior to thorley of nomination, t shall not at present enter into a lengthy explanation of my political principles, I must, however, say that! am opposed to the nominee system as it at present stands and also to the two thlrilsolauBo, but I have no doubt that these portions of the act will undergo a speedy revision. I am an advocate for unlocking the lands, and thus encouraging a constant stream not only of immigration as labour, but of Immigration with capital, I am in favour of the National system of education. I should strenuously support State Endowment to the clergy of all denominations. The present Electoral Act is, I think, capable of much improvement, the qualifications of electors not being defined in a manner sufficiently clear. As I said before I hope to increment of you in the course of a short time, when I shall be happy to answer any questions you may deem it necessary to put to me. In conclusion, let me say that should I have the honour of being returned as your representative, my time and whatever ability I may possess shall be devoted to your service. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your faithful servant, HOVENDEN HELY. January 15th, 1856. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED PASTORAL DISTRICTS of WELLINGTON and BLIGH. Gentlemen-Your respected member, Mr. Finch, having intimated that It is not his intention again to solicit your suffrages, I venture, at the request of many of you. to announce myself a candidate for the representation of your district in Parliament. I have lived among you for sixteen years, and hold property in your districts. I am not therefore unacquainted with your wishes and wants, and my interest and yours are identical. My present pursuits render my residence In Sydney accessary. I shall consequently have the better opportunity of protecting and promoting your rights and interests. The grand try pending event is the trial of our now ConMl'mion. I am not wedded to a nominated in preference to an elected Upper House, and am prepared, should experience prove the former to be undesirable, to surrender my present pre-conceived opinions, and to advocate the latter. Education has no warmer advocate than I. Provision has been already made for the training of our youth in the towns, but It should be the especial duty of your representatives to urge the extension of these blessings to the pastoral districts, and thus prevent the generation how advancing there to maturity from growing up in ignorance and barbarism, but this can only be accomplished under the National system. The well-doing and well-being of all the colonists are dependent upon the producers, amongst principal of whom are the graziers and sheep farmers. The attempted separation of Inurnts which are identical Is but the artifice of the pretended patriots, besides which, breach of faith with the squatters would be dishonest, and nothing that is dishonest can by possibility be advantageous. The Southern and Northern districts have hitherto obtained a most disproportionate share of those advantages which railways, roads, and bridges confer. Your representative should endeavour to prevent the Western Districts from continuing thus to suffer under so very partial and unequal a distribution of the resources applicable to internal communication. Reserving further explanation until I have the honour to appear before you In person, I am, gentlemen, your itostobcdlent servant, GEORGE W. LORD. Sydney, January 16th, 1856. Q REQUISITION from the ELECTORS, SHOAL T\, HAVEN, COUNTY of HT. VINCENT, to Lieutenant SADLEIR, R.N., requesting permission to put him in nomination for the Representation of this County in the New Council. Sir-We, the undersigned Electors, deeply sensible of your high qualifications to watch over and Wthfully represent not only our local but the general inter fate of the colony, at this most critical moment of our political existence, In order to guard against and avoid the shoals and aulotsands which appear to beset the path, and impede the onward course of our political freedom and national prosperity, earnestly and respectfully request your permission to put you in nomination to represent the county of St. Vincent in the ensuing Colonial Parliament and we pledge ourselves. individually and collectively, to use our best exertions, energies, and influence, to ensure your triumphant election. We have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient servants. (Here follow eighty signatures.] Bstlt.-To Parker do Messrs, richard Kemp, James Graham Esq., and the eighty other electors signing the requisition, Shoalhaven, County of St. Vincent. Gentlemen It was not my intention to have offered myself as candidate for a seat in the Legislative Assembly under the new Constitution; but it would betray not only indifference to our colonial interests, but to the very flattering request contained in Senr numerously signed requisition, were I not at once to respond 1 the affirmative and place my services at your disposal, and in so doing I feel bound to lay before you a summary of my views. I am opposed to the Nominee basis in the Constitution Act, and to other clauses in the same. I advocate a liberal system of land management, calculated to invite immigration and to reform the same in a settled population : so that every man may have a home. I am desirous to promote a comprehensive system of education, believing that intellectual adv movement, based on moral principle, can alone ensure national greatness. The extension of railroads, formation of road to the sea coast, so as to diminish land transit, and promote a colonial marine by opening our harbours; the con- solidation of our laws, and everything which may facilitate the ends of justice, and the progress of our colonial Interests shall have my best attention. Economy, coupled with efficiency, In our public expenditure, and measures, not men, would be my guiding principle. Anticipating an early visit to your district, and respectfully soliciting the support of the electors of the county of St. Vincent ka their various electoral divisions, I am, Gentlemen, Your obliged servant, RICH AR J SADLEIR. Sydney, November 28th, 1855. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SO- C1ETY.-Ciiitr Omets-Mort's-bullding«, Pitt-street, Sydney. Chairman-^uomas Holt, Esq. Deputy Chairman M. E. .Ml-iimn, Esq. Business of Tin: ForriTY. Assurance of every contingency of human life. I, bul of Present, Deferred, and Reversionary Annuities. Granting endowments for children and for old age. Advantages of the Society. All the profits of each branch belong to the members of such branch. It is a colonial Institution, on the model of the most successful British Offices ; whilst from the much higher rates of interest Itubtainson In investments, more profitable returns are secured to its members than the best European offices can afford. Titus, at the instigation of Angela, 1854, all policies then entitled to participate were increased by Bonus Additions, averaging considerably more than three per cent, per annum on the sum flt. acres, or about truck times those stated by the most liberal British joint stock companies. Bonuses may be applied to the extinction of future annual premiums, or their value in cash may be handed to the member. SunRKNDEas accepted on equitable term". All Wah msK incurred In the colony during the present Russian war borne by the society. General Facilities with regard to voyaging, residence abroad, are. PREMIUMS payable yearly, half-yearly, or qu orderly. Loans on policies on favourable terms, * Claims payable three months after proof of death. Fbosi'Ectobks, forms of proposal, and every information may be obtained from any of its agents In New South Wales, and in the other colonies ; from the medical Boers throughout this colony, or at the Head Omeo, from ROBERT THOMSON, Actuary and Secretary. Mort's-buildings, Pitt-street. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY. Important Notice-The books of the Society crosses the 59th day of February, 1856, for the current ) tar's business. I All proposals made before that date will be entitled to participate in the profits of the year, in terms of the rules of the Society. At the last investigation, the bonus additions averaged 3 per cent, per annum on all policies then entitled to participate. ROBERT THOMSON, actuary and secretary. Chief offices, Mort's-buildings, Pitt- street, DcciniborSl, 1855. PYRMONT BRIDGE COMPANY, Incorporated by Act of Council. (Assented to 15th December, 1855.) Offices-Lloyd's Chambers, No. 213, George-street. Capital, £50,000, in 10,000 Shares of £5 each. (With power to Increase to £100,000.) D luxerons : George Allen, Esq., MLC.. Chairman. R. A. A. Morehead, Esq., Vice John Fairfax, Esq Chairman John Taylor, Esq. Walter Beames, Esq. I Avouons : David Jones, Esq. I A. Stanger Leathes, Esq. Solicitor : George Wigram Allen, Esq. ENGINEER : E. O. Moriarty, Esq. The object of this Corporation is, by the construction of bridges and roads, to open direct communication between the heart of Sydney and Pyrmont, the Glebe and the Parramatta Road, thereby connecting the whole of them populous and productive districts with the business part of Sydney, as well as each with the others, by a convenient and greatly shortened route. The important advantages and facilities which she completion of this undertaking will air led to the public are, it is believed, too obvious to require any detailed explanation, but some of them may be enumerated as followed. A saving of one-half will be effected in the expense of cart- ing building stone from the Pyrmont quarries, now the main source of supply for the city. 2\. An easy and direct communication will be established with the railway terminus, Darling Harbour. 3\. The conveyance to the city of meat from the Abattoirs will be greatly facilitated. i. The inhabitants of Pyrmont will be enabled to pass to and from the centre of Sydney, not only more quietly and coolly, but at much lower rates than are now charged for conveyance by the ferries. 5\. Foot passengers, carriages, and vehicles of all kinds, from and to the west and south, equally with the residents of the Glebe and places beyond, namely, Camperdown, Annandale. Leichhardt, Dobroyd, Garryowen, Austenham, Broughton, -Elswick, Balmain, Gipps Town, Five Dock, Petersham, Sydenham, Norwood, it., will be enabled to enter and depart from the city by b more agree- able and much shorter road than the overcrowded thoroughfares of Parramatta-street, and Brickfield-hill. 6\. The citizens of Sydney generally will have their means of recreation and exercise materially increased by an easy outlet to a beautiful inland walk or drive. While the community as well as the owners of property in the localities specified shall be thus benefited, the Directors anticipate with confidence, that the shareholders of the Pyrmont Bridge Company will derive a handsome return from their in vestment, by moderate tolls upon the traffic above indicated. Applications for shares in the sub) lined form will be received at the Company's Office, Lloyd's Chambers, George-street, until notice shall be given that the issue of stock has ceased. 8 THOMAS SKI HI, Secretary. 17th January, 1856. _ TO THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE PYRMONT BRIDGE COMPANY.? request that I may receive Shares in the Company, amounting to £ and I engage upon allotment of such shares being made to me to execute the Deed of Settle- ment, and to pay the call of £1 per share which has been made and the remaining part of my proportion of the capital of the Company on the same shall be called for. Name in full Address Date The above printed fore can be obtained on application at the Company's Offices UNIVERSITY OF 8YDNBY.-L«,turei will commence on the 18th FEBRUARY. The following are the subjects (or Lectures during the terms : For undergraduates of the third year. Classics. Mathematics. Thukydtde«.Iioo*s_"i/.,ii/. . . _ AMlytiaii Geometry Arlstoph. "Pax." ton Cicero " de Oratore." Statics, . ? x Lucretius, Books I., II. , . i CHEMISTRY. Organic Chemistry. SECOND TZAB, Classic-. Mathematics, Aristotle Jthetonc, Book I. ¿If fire. .ï<chyln«-/YomoíAüUj Tinctum, Cicero " Je Deputies." Horace EpUtlts, Book I. rmiT YEAR. Classics. . MATH MATes. Terence, " Aniiria." Geometry and Herodotus, .' Bk V." Arithmetic. KxrxRtxiNTAt Physics. For undergraduates of the second and first years, Magnetism and Electricity, Love. There will be no elementary clan during this term. With advanced students the professor will read _!riifofJe'< Second Analytics. Xefee will expected from students attend- ing this class. Moral. Presence. There will be a voluntary class in Plato's Republic. No fee will be charged. FRENCH. Lectures on the French language and literature will be given three times a week. GxratAx. Lectures on the German language and literature will be given three times a week. Any person desirous of attending the University Lectures may do so without matriculation, upon payment of the usual fee. K. KENNEDY, Registrar. UNIVERSITY' OF SYDNEY An examination for matriculation in the University of Sydney, will take place on MONDAY, the 11th February, to commence at 10 a.m. Candidates will be required to translate a portion of an easy Latin, andan rosy Greek authors, and to turn into Latin, grammars- cally, a passage from an English author, i - In Mathematics candidates will be examined In Arithmetic ; , , Algebra-to simple equations Inclusive ; t/eometry-first book of Euclid. There will be no matriculation In October. The academical year will in future commence In Lent term. The annual commemoration will take place on the 18th February. H. KENNEDY, Registrar. PRIVATE EDUCATION The Rev. GEORGE I. F. MACARTHUR has completed arrangements which will enable him to receive three additional pupils into his family, at the close of the Christmas vacation. As the whole number of pupils accommodated cannot exece. twelve, early application is requested St. Mark's. November 23, _ AUSTRALIAN GENERAL ASSURANCE COMPANY Notice is hereby given that the dividend of 15 percent, for the half year ended 31st December. THE", will be payable to the proprietors on and after MON O AY, the 28th January, 1855. JOHN D. GIBSON, Secretary. Sydney,. 3rd January, 1855. SYDNEY INSURANCE COMPANY Notice of Removal The Office of the above Company have been removed to Not, Bridge- street, near George-street, over the Count log-house and Stores of S. D Gordon. Esq. J. S. MITCHELL Secretary. MnrtVbnlldlng». January 2nd, 1856. THE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE AND J. LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY'S per cent. reduction on Premiums on Country risk. The Directors have revolved that the operation of the recent reduction of 25 per cent, on Fire Pre- mines shall extend to country Insurances. A. STANGER LEATHES, resident secretary. COMMERCIAL BANKING COMPANY OF A j SYDNEY For the convenience of customers of this bank, and of the Inhabitants of the Southern part of the City, an office has this day been opened at No. 563, George-street South, near he Haymarket, where banking engineers in all its branches will was conducted in the same manner as at the head office of the Inatl tH'oru Bills for discount, and communications for the Board of 'Directors will be received at the Southern office, until 11 o'clock, and' at the head office, until 1 o'clock on Tuesdays and Fridays. JOHN TAYLOR, manager. Sydney, 4th July. UM. BANK POST BILLS at Three Six or Twelve. months date, with interest added at the rate of 3 4, or 5 per cent, per annum, according to their currency, may be had in anon even sums as required, from us and upwards, on application at the Australian Joint Stock Bank EDWARD WRENCH, Manager. rpo WOOL GROWERS. The undersigned will JL make cash advances on wool consigned to London for sale. GEORGE REES. Sydney, December, 18.4. LIVER ELLIOT!", of the County Fermanagh, Ireland, arrived in Melbourne In August, 1855. Please communicate with your niece ANNE JOHNSON. Address to the care of J. H. GRAY and Co., Beechworth, victoria. S "TOP CONSTITUTION. -Miss ELIZABETH WEBB, write to C. M., Thistle Cottage, Queensberry-street North, Melbourne. for REWARD-Lost, the Long Boat of the ship XieJ GLADIATOR. Whoever will deliver her to Captain Sl-f, at Mrs!!. Campbell's Wharf, will receive the above reward. PIA REWARD.-Stolen or Strayed from the 3ji\J RiohmondCommon,on the 1st instant, a Brown Horse, brand d RE on the near shoulder. Also, a Bay Horse, branded MB on the near and Bon the off shoulder. If stolen, the above reward will be paid on conviction of the guilty party, and If strayed, £1 per head will be paid on delivery of the said horses to the undersigned. W. M. BENSON, Rlohmoed. February 4. pt REWARDS Bay May, missing from Bexhill, 3ft Windsor-road, about ten days since. Description: black points, switch tail, spot on eye, snout 14 2 hands high, no brand visible. The above reward will be paid on conviction of the thief, If stolen and it will be paid if strayed. Apply to W. COBBIN, as above ; or to Mr. 3. DREW, Parramatta. REWARD.-Stolen out of the paddock of the undersigned, at Ivy Hall, near Berrima, on the night of Wednesday, the 30th of January last One light grey d ought Mare, 16 hands high, aged', branded-, Jil enjoined near shoulder, HW under saddle near side; one dark grey hair. draught horse, 17 hands high, 5 years old, branded JA near shoulder. A regard of £5 will be paid on recovery of the horses, and £20 on receiving information that will lead to the conviction of the thief or thieves. JOHN ALSTON, Ivy Hall, near Berrima. 4th February, 1886. OF TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWARD, dwts. if apprehended within six months! -Whereas a warrant has been issued by the Muswellbrook Bench, for the appre version of AUGUSTUS FREDERICK ANDERSON, charged with horse-stealing, on the 26th of January, 1858, the property of J, B. West, Esq., M.D. D-scnirrioN or House. Bay Gelding, aged, 11 *n shoulder, short switch tail, about 15 hands two inches high, saddle and gig horse, wind puflVdon each leg, a very neat head and square quarters, and known as Dr. West's Don. DEscwrnos or Axdku'Oî». Height 5 feet 10 or 11 Inches ; sandy hair and whiskers ; aged 35 years ; two front teeth in upper jaw long and prominent ; left wrist has been broken; trade or calling, drover or horse breeder ; walks very straight ; a slender figure. He is a son of Captain Anderson's, formerly of Merton. He was lately committed for trial, at Maitland next Circuit Court, on two charges of cattle-stealing, was allowed bail in £100, and four sureties In £50 each. 1 hereby offer the above reward to any person who may apprehend the said prisoner. JOHN MADDY, Muswellbrook, February 2nd, 18:s. rpo CONSTABLES and OTHERs £5- (Fifty JL Pounds) Reward Stolen or strayed from Concord, on the 21st September, 1855, a brown horse, branded 84 > off shoulder, like a trowel near (boulder, star and snip, about 15 hands, 3 years old ; a roan horse, has been clipped, branded PL on one shoulder, S over P on other, between 16 and 17 hands, 6 years off ¡ also, on 24th December, a chesnut mare, aged, branded M on off shoulder, an invisible brand near shoulder, small star on forehead, about 15 hands. The above reward will be paid, If stolen, on prosecution of the thief or thieves, and £5 (five pounds) each if strayed upon delivering them at Cutts', Homebush Inn, Parra matta- road. TERENCE DALY, Concord. No HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. Whereas FREDERIC CLAY, lately a Clerk in this Bank, whose description 1' underwritten, stands charged with Forgery and a warrant has been issued for his apprehension : This is to notify that a reward of £100 will be given to any person who shall be the means of apprehending and lodging in safe custody the said Frederic Clay. De script on of the abovementioned Frederic Clay. Ago, about 20 Height, about 5 feet 6 inches Round full face, snub nose Blight raoUBtacho D ,rk penetrating eyes Straight dark hair Robust active figure Rather round shouldered Was last seen In the mail from Melbourne to the Ovens, and was then attired in a dark blue jumper, with belt, cabbage-tree hat, and blue veil. He was in company with J. J. Meaburn." (Signed) J. BLACKWOOD, Manager. Melbourne Branch Union Bank of Australia. 7th January, 1856. LOST, between Lyons-terrace and the Union Bank li of Australia, a Bill, dated London, 28th September, 1855, nt60 days'' sight, for £900 5s. 9d., accepted and due at the Bank of New South Wales 20th March, 1858. Whoever will return the same to the Union Bank of Australia will be rewarded. Sydney, 17th January, 1856 AUTION. Persons unlawfully removing Stone from the Quiry at Petersham, will be prosecuted, and a reward given for such information as shall lead to the conviction of the thief or thieves. C. F. PRIDDLE, Upper William-street, Darlinghurst. TNT OTIC East have this day admitted Mr. 1>I ALFRED SCHRODER a partner in my business, which will be carried on under the style of " Martyn and Schroder." CHAS. MARTYN, Horse and Carriage Bazaar. 1st January, | 1816 NI NOTICE-I have this day engaged the services of Mr. ROBERT COMYNS, as collector of moneys and orders on my account, JAMES JONES. No. 418, wine and 1 Spirit Stores, George and Bathurst-streets 4th February. -DISSOLUTION of PARTNERSHIP.-Notice is hereby given that the Partnership hitherto existing be tween HENRY HAYES and EDWARD PUGH, trading under the firm of HENRY HAYES and CO., a8 merchant tailors, of No. 21 Georgc-street, in the city of Sydney, New South Wales, Is THIS DAY dissolved by mutual consent, and that all Accounts due to, or own by the late firm, will be received and paid by Mr. EDWARD PUGH, by whom the business will in future be carried on. (Signed) HENRY HAYES. V EDWARD PUGH. JanuarySOtb, 1856 MR. J. E. SMYTH, Practical Dentist (for many years assistant to Mr. Bell(arlo).-Mineral teeth of every natural shade and variety, from one to a complete set, carefully fitted on the most approved English and American systems. Teeth extracted with the latest improved instruments. Decayed teeth s topped with gold loaf, and the very best cements used for large cavities. Children's teeth regulated. N.B -Teeth extracted gratis from 9 to 10 a.m., and advice given at any hour. No. 16, O'Connell- street. _ NOTICE-Mr, J, E. SMYTH removed to 19, O'Connell-street. N "NOTICE-I, the undersigned, having made to my rangements to leave the Colony for England In a short time-, request that all claims against me may be presented for liquidation at the Penrith Mills forthwith, and those indebted to me are solicited to settle their respective amounts on or before the first day of March next, otherwise their accounts will be placed in the hands of my attorney for recovery. During my absence the business of the mill will be conducted as usual by Mrs. Allen and my son Joseph.- OIL ALLAN. Penrith Mills, January 20. GERMAN and FRENCH LANGUAGES - Private Lessons in the above, by a German Lady accustomed to tuition. Apply to Mrs. HETZE 1,78, Harrington Streets R] GOLDSCHMIDT.-Coms and Bunions perfectly) cured, SB, Bathurst-street West, Sydney. and MR. J. EMANUEL, Dentist (established in Sydney 180), 181, George-street, near the Empire Office. REMOVAL. Messrs. WILKINSON, BRO- THOS Its, and CO. have removed to the premises lately occupied by William Walker and Co., and known as Walker's Wharf, Fort-street. Sydney, 2nd February, 1856. CONSULATE of THE UNITED STATES. Sydney, 2nd February, 1856 The Offices of the above Consul >te arc remove 1 to Walker's Wharf, Fort street. NOTICE of REMOVAL.-The undersigned have 1H the pleasure to inform their friends and the public that they have removed from the premises in 119, George-street, to their new stores in Pitt-street, opposite the Union Bank. LEVICKS and PIPER. Sydney, 10th December, 1859. [ ' MOVAL The Australian Joint Stock Bank have removed to their new premises, No. 383, George-street nearly opposite King-street, Sydney, 31st December, 1855\. ' REMOVAL-FROST, KOHLER, and CO. have removed to Messrs How, Walker, and Co.'s store, Circular Quay, opposite the Custom House iGUERREWTYPE PORTRAiTs in morocco cases 10s. lockets, 15s. GREEN. 41, King-street East, SYDNEY GALLERY OF PHOTOGRAPHIC ART, next door but one to the Post Office. Coloured Da. guerreotyp* and Collodiotypc Portraits taken daily In a spacious skylight room. In any weather. FREEMAN, BROTHERS. S RAYÓN COLLODIOTYPE PORTRAITS. The public are invited to view these exquisite' ly beautiful entirely novel sprclmmsof Photographic portraiture. They can be taken on an unusually large scale, and possess the delicacy and is id fines of the most highly-finished crayon or water colour portraits, and, being free from glare, can be seen in any light. Sydney Gallery of Photographic Art, next door but one to the Post Office. FREEMAN BROTHERS, _^_ JOHN BERNASCONI, after returning his warmest' acknowledgments for the very extensive patronage bestowed on him in his business as carver, gilder, and pic ure frame manufacturer, begs to inform his kind patrons and the public generally, some of whom he finds by their enquiries imagine that he has removed, that notwithstanding the discontinuance of the partnership heretofore existing between himself and another, J. B. still continues his business in the old shop, No. 127, Pitt street, near Market-street ; where all parties honouring him with orders may rely on their work being performed in a superior and workmanlike manner, and at very moderate charges. J. B from the invariable satisfaction expressed by his numerous employers, feels confident of a cnntlnnanccof train system. He is now enabled to undertake the silvering of looking-glass plates from f 0 x 40 downwards, and at very low rates. N. B. Country orders punctually attended to, and all goods packed with the greatest care to ensure their safe carriage to the interior. ' GUNDAGAI STEAM MILLS. Smutting, Grind VT Ing, and Dressing, at the Mills, Two Shillings per bushel. Wheat bought at the highest price, BAY HORSE INN, Cabramatta, Cowpasture Road, near Liverpool -There are in my paddock two bullocks, since the 13th of December last. One light brindle bullock, branded on the rump 1P, on the shoulder 8. One red bullock, white back and belly, white face, wide horns, branded on the ribs N 1 over J P. The owner can have them by paying the cost of advertisement and their grass since they came to my place. LAUG HUN BUGGY. _ O'LLONGONG. - E. JOHNSON (late of W Sydney) begs to inform families and parties visiting this beautiful district-" the Brighton of Australia "-that he has succeeded Mr. Howell In the " Black Swan Family Hotel," which, having been re-furnished, will, he trusts, he found replete with every comfort and! convenience. In addition to an experienced cook, wines, spirits, and beers of the boat brands and first quality have been secured, and no exertion will be spared by the proprietor to give satisfaction to those who may kindly patronised his establishment Bl ACK SWAN FAMILY HOTEL, ILLAWARRA. N B-Good stabling WOLLONGONG. Clara Cottage Boarding Home so Mrs. MARSHALL begs to Inform the inhabitants and visitors of Wollongong that he has opened a boarding house in the vicinity. The house is situated in a most healthy part, commanding a view of the sea and surrounding scenery, offers to persons, desirous of a quiet home, every advantage. Mrs. M. hopes, by her attention and moderate terms, to obtain a liberal patronage. TAaORlÑGr~Gt7oTRTÑG, and GENERAL OUTFITTING ESTABLISHMENT. Wholesale and Retail, 183, George-street, Sydney, opposite the London Chartered Bank of Australia-the undersigned, having recently returned from England, and having in London made a selection of choice goods, respectfully announces his re-commencement of business in those eligibly situated nan capacious premises formerly occupied by Mr. Isaac Levy, between Hunter and Bridge streets, and nearly opposite Jamison-street, The undersigned has much pleasure in stating he has obtained the able co-operation of Mr. ROBERT JONES, of the late firm of Broughton and Jones, as also of Jones, Smith, and (Tunics, and confidently hope so for the favours of their former patrons, who will fit) assured that from their extensive and practical experience, " being something other than amateur tailors," clothes from their hands will be found fully equal to those of the most eminent London houses. In a Id it ion to the tailoring business the undersigned will always have a large and well selected stock of gentlemen's wearing apparel, ready made. English and Colonial, of a very superior description ; as also Christy's best hats, cloth capa,«hlrta,braces, neckties, handkerchiefs ac. No. Ladies'' riding habits meet In the mist " recherche" style ; military and naval uniforms to the last regulation ; clergy men and barristers robes In a superior manner. The business will be conducted on the principles of " ready money payments," and commensurate prices charged. NOAH BUSHBY. January 20th. 1856. rpO TAYLORS. For the especial use of the |_ .' artistes" of the trade, the undersigned has brought with him from London, "Craven of the finest quality, In boxes containing one grows each, assorted colours. A beautiful lot of Messrs. Thomas, Wilkinson and Son's Patent Theatre. They are warranted the best quality by that canoe made, and the most useful I acres were selected at the manufactory at Sheffield ; he has also some " boxwood 'quarts," of a superior description, made to order, some graduated measures, plates of fashion, so. NOAH BUSHBY, No. 133, George-street, opposite the London Chartered Bank A ACKNOWLEDGED by all that the largest colonial t\ Jewellery Establishment is at 100, Pitt-street, next the Victoria Theatre, Sydney, which In choice, price, or quality drives the competition of any other establishment in New South Wales. To prove such as facts it is necessary to mention a few articles from every branch for public guidance. Watches, in gold and silver cases of every description, made expressly to order for this country. Come and learn the prices of this beautiful lot of watches first, ere you purchase elsewhere, for your own satisfaction. Silver open-face watches jewelled in four holes, going while wound, very seat ... _ ... £2 100 each The name, in gold din 4 100 Silver hunting cased watches, jewelled in four and six holes, maintaining power 1 100 The same, in gold cases. 7 100 Warranted for two years. Silver open face patent lever, jewelled in ten holes engraved cases, sunk seconds, No. 3 100 The same, in gold cases 8 100 Stout silver hunting cased patent lever watches, jewelled In ten hours, with every improvement 4 100 The same In gold cases. 10 100 * Warranted for two years, oliver open face patent lever, capped and jewelled, made by the most celebrated English makers, the best watches in the colony for bushmen and seafaring men. 6 100 The same in gold casually 0 O Ditto ditto ditto, in silver hunting cases. 7 18 6 The rams in gold hunting cases 20 0 0 A guarantee given In writing for three years. Chains manufactured from Australian gold, and sold even below the general London charges, consisting of A very large lot of neat and fine gold curb guards £115 0 each Ditto next a a-, very stout ... 2 100 Ladies' gold chains of every pattern, from ... 2 100 Fine gold albert chains, a large lot, from 1 15 0 Sterling silver guard chains, the whole lengths... 0 7 6 Hair guards, mounted with gold, from. 0 6 0 Rings of every description cheaper than ever, comprising Gold wedding rings, our own make. 0 9 6 each Ditto keepers, ditto, from 6 3 6 Fine gold gentlemen's signet rings. 0 12 6 Ditto solid ditto, very stout, from. 100 Ladies'gold g m rings 0 10 6 A most magnificent lot of superb ladies' gem rings set with diamonds, rubies, emeralds, opals, turquoise, pearls, and other precious stones, the prices of which cannot be mentioned herein without a proper inspection of the above. Brooches of every kind imaginable, in an endless variety, consisting of Fine gold necktie brooches, from £0 7 0 each Ditto large size brooches 0 12 6 A splendid lot of colonial gold brooches from 1 10 of Silver brooches in great variety, . 0 1 0 mourning brooches:, the largest lot in the colony. 0 2 6 A most beautiful lot of gold brooches manufactured in this es. tablishment, the designs of which will be found most useful and very reasonable in price. Fine gold earrings of every shape, at greatly reduced ch urges Fine gold circle ga, tops and drops, from ... £0 10 6 per pair Ditto ditto hoop earrings, ditto ditto. 9 7 6 Ditto ditto children's car were, ditto. 6 3 6 Gold lockets, for miniature or hair, not to be equalled In workmanship or paid by any other establishment from 6s. 0 '. to 60s. Ladies' gold pencil cases, very neat. 0 5 6 each Ditto gold thimbles, ditto . 110 Ditto silver thimbles. 0 10 Ditto silver pencil case, from 0 3 6 silver scent bottles, the best in the colony, from 0 5 6 (silver vinogarettc», very pretty, from 0 15 6 Gold shirt studs, every lantern, from 0 7 0 Gold watch keys, of every shape, from 0 6 6 Cold ditto seals, ditto, ditto. 6 6 G Real jet bracelets 0 4 6 Aud thousands of other different kinds belonging to the above branch. The above is a mere sketch from the original stock. Mark well the address-D. MITCHELL, watchmaker and jeweller, 100, Pitt-street, next the Theatre N.B. Any of the above goods forwarded to any part within the colony, on receipt of the above named prices, and the extra expense of postage NOTICE, Notice. JEWELL, 56, King-street, watchmaker and jeweller, being about to retire from the business, begs to inform the public that the whole of the valuable stock will be told off at a great sacrifice, consisting of gold and silver watches gold and silver guards, alberts, and neck chains; ladich' gold brooches, earrings', brilliant, ruby, emerald, and other gem rings ; Signet rings, wedding and keeper rings, ladies' companions, gold pencil-case, shirt studs, seals, keys, Sea., etc. Silver plat" spoons and forks, cups, knives, fork and spoon cases, tea sets, salts, children's must, be, a. Plated goods Tea sets, cruet frames, liquor frame , cake baskets, candlesticks, cruet read trays, do, so. The whole will be disposed of re- gardless of cost. Open on Monday morning. Observe the No. k.B. The shop to be LET, It is handsomely fitted up, with plate glass front, well suited for any fancy business. w WHOLESALE and Country Buyers of Boots and Shoes are diicQUd te COCKS and HUM'S, George-street. ^VTPTIQB TO -TARMBRS.-The imrWaigned beg Lib to call the attention of farmers to the ni'intigcsto be obtained by the growth of Cape barley in the _f English barley. t The great prejudice which has always existed in this colony against the growth of Cape barley for malting purposes having been proved, to a certain extent, groundless, the following manifest advantages may be looked for by the producers of Cape barley in preference to English The grain being of a more hardy nature, the crop is more certain. The yield is much larger. It Is of quicker growth, and not so subject to hand. The. stalk being straight and strong, is much readier reaped. It comes off much sooner than a wheat crop, enabling the farmer to engage his hand previous to the commence mint of general harvest, and also giving him an early opportunity of planting maize. The best month for sowing Cape barley being absent June, the crop would be fit for reaping. about the end of October, depending on the quality of the land and locally as regards seed time. The undersigned, slotting the subject as likely to prove of mutual advantage both to farmers and breeders, are anxious to afford growers an opportunity of giving the matter a fair trial, and will supply them with barley [for seed purposes only) of the de, erIpllon named, at 4s. (four shillings) per bushel, and at the same time are quite ready at once to enter into contracts to take the produce of the ensuing crop at a fixed rate or to chance the market. They are now ready to purchase barley in any quantities. WILLIAM CLARKE AND CO, Australian Brewery, George and Bathurst streets, Sydney. TIGHT' 8 U M M E R HATS. J B. MODKTOA'VrLK has much pleasure to calling attention tools large stock of drab, beaver, merino and felt hats. Also ladies' riding hats, caps, gloves, are., Am., -a. Every description of hat made to order. 124, George-street, and 46. Market-street. Business closed at half-past T, Saturdays excepted. 6 ICE STRAW BONNETS, in girls', maids', and re small women's sizes. Ladies' fancy bonnets of the latest fashion, ON SALE in small packages, at the stores of GREGORY, CUBITT, On. CO., manufacturers and importers of straw bonnets and hats, 216, George-street, Sydney, and 15, Aldermanbury, London. is GREEN HOUSE, 160, George-street. A new stock of French Embroidery Work, drawn on cambric for rs, leaves, handkerchief-, and borders, Just opened at W, HEADING'S. ISO, George-street. ALAROS STOCK of Berlin Wool in great variety of shades, Berlin patterns painted on canvas, book markers, silks, canvases, to., Ac, Just opened at W. READING'S, 16), Georgotreet._^^ 4 BEAUTIFUL ASSORTMENT of the new Dorman Dead Work, with patterns and brands for make, it, candle ornaments, and other elegant ornaments for the drawing-room, at W. READING'S, 160, George- street. 61 OLDBN OPPORVLNITY.-Come and see the T French lustre drew, 3s. li J{d for twelve yards, original price 15s. Corner Pitt and Market streets. CHEaP SILK SHAWLS AND DRESSES. BULLING OF- a consignment of Drapery Goode, without regard to coal at 320, G :orge street, nearly opposite the Royal Hotel IMPORTANT NOTICE. Beverley House, 118, Pitt-street, late G. C. Tuting and Company. Thirty Days' Clearing Sale. The proprietors having purchased from the alliances the whole of the stock of the late firm of G. C. Tuting and Company, at half the original coat, have determined to hold clearing rate for thirty days only, during which time the whole of the stock, consisting of silks, shawls, mantles, ballerinas, barege, muslins, prints, drapery, hosiery, haberdashery, ribbons, ead millinery goods, etc, will be offered for sale at extraordinary low prices. Open from 10 to 6. BEVERLEY HOUSE, 120, Pitt-street, late G. C. D Tuting and Ooapaay.-The immense stock of rich silks and satins is being paid off at prices never before heard of. Beverley Home, 120, Pitt-street EVERLEY HOUSE, 120, Pitt-street, late G. C. Tuting and Com pany. Mantle department This large and superb stock, consisting of velvet, moire antique, lace, and cloth mantles is being sold off at about half price. Beverley House, 120, Pitt-street BEVERLEY HOUSE, 120, Pitt-street, late G. C. Tuting and Company's magnificent variety of ribbons. lace, habit shirts, muslin collars, and hosiery at extreme good rains. Beverley Hogg's, HO, Pitt- street, _ "PIANOFORTES. The undersigned has just in JL ported some vary raper i ir Pianos by Collard and Collard, Erard and Murphy, some of which contain 7 to 7 J octaves. The greatest coronas yet manufactured. They are in every respect perfect. Intending purchasers will do well to inspect the above. H MARSHALL'S Store, Queen's-place. N B.-A rosewood- cottage piano, and grand require. Price 50 guineas each. PIANOFORTES (by George Murphy, London). -A and adornment of George Murphy's choice rosewood and walnut cottage and send cottage pianofortes, just received ex Granite City, for SALE. Apply to Mr. HORACE WOOLNOUGH, Gregory, Cubitt, and Co , 210, George-street. FREEMAN and SONS' PIANOFORTES. On SALE at the Stores of the undersigned, a few superior cottage pianofortes of the above eminent makers. KIRCHNER and CO., 1, Wynyard-street. TO CONNOISSEURS and Others For SALE, a fine Oil Painting, by J. D. Harding. The subject A Scene cm the river Lsa, near Mindanao one of those quiet par- tages of English Landscape, so often chosen by the celebrated master, and is a fine specimen of his breadth of treatment and freedom of handling. The picturesque composition and refreshing arrangement of details, are In Harding's best manner, while the upward foliage drawing, and purity of the distant colouring, leave no doubt of its originality. To gentlemen desirous of possessing a really good picture, the present affords an opportunity seldom If ever occurring in this colony. The picture is mounted in a magnificent Kilt frame. Price. 25 guineas On view at C. T. SANDON'S, 171, George street, near Hunter-street and the Empire Office. F'OR SALE, a large Corrugated Iron Shed. To be a on at DELAN Y'S, 822, George street TIMBER, TIMBER, BOXES, c, c Reduction I in prices from this date at the Australian Steam Saw Mills. JAMES COOK. February 9th, 1856 MBTCALF'S Unrivalled Tooth Brushes, celebrated for the bristles never loosening Cowan's Canton rssor strops Hendren's perfumery Rowland and Son's macassar oil, close, Ac. Ede'a hedyosmia Go«no!l'«eherry tooth paste, Russian leather dressing ones. Sec, Ac, at E. DEEPER'S, hair dresser, 155, George street, opposite Exchange Hotel. NOW LANDING, ex Emperor and James Booth and on SALE by JAMES POWELL, wheelwright, George street, Brickfield-hill. Bar, round, square, and flat iron Horse Shoe Iron Bevelled iron for stocks, all of the best brands Axle trees blocks, various, with boxes to fit, and plough-share moulds. Abbott and Forster's brands. Also, daily expected, invoices of other iron by war lou- arrivals, which will be sold at reasonable any house in town. JUST LANDED, from the Light of the Age, Prince of Wales, and Calles, and now on SALE at W. PATTEN'S Australian Marble Works, 243, Pitt-street, Sydney : Robins and Co.'s patent Portland cement Ditto ditto Roman ditto, very superior Plaster of Paris, belt and cheapest in the market Gyptam (12 tons) Slate cisterns Slate shelving, for dairy purposes or wine cellars Slate Baths Slate Hearths Superior Caen stone monuments, with marble inscription plates Marble chimney piece-, best assortment in the colony Marble tablet, washstand tops, toilet ditto Tombs, Headstones, so to order, carefully packed and sent to the interior or colonies adjacent. _ STEAM ENGINE For SALE, a very superior 12 horse power high-pressure Horizontal Steam Engine (will work up to 20-horse Dowe-) with boiler, -to, complete. At a t Ifltng expense of and be converted into a marine engine For price, plane, and other particulars apply to WILLIAM MACDONALD, Macquarle-pl-oe._ Af\ fifth". FEET of Hand-sewn Cedar, well _-\l>\JV/\/ seasoned, and cut In all required sizes, Boiling off at a reduction. M. CAFFREY. Bathurst-street TIMBER -Baltic and American deals and flooring J boan'B, lining and weatherboards, scantling, slating battens, cedar boards, doors, ssBheo, Ac. in any quantity, suitable for all building purposes. W. H. ROLFR'S Timber Yard, Pitt-street North, amular Quay BANGOR SLATES. 24 X 12 22 X 12 18 X 9 14 x 8 First quality, new landed, ex African, ncar¡Cat_pbcH'a Wharf, Circular Quay, for SALE, very cheap ASSORTED CRATES OF EARTHENWARE. For 8 ALE, at the stores of the undersigned, superior crates of earthenware, timetable for country storekeepers, at the lowest prices. N.B -Goods well packed for all parts. Shipping supplied. Wholesale and retail Staffordshire and Glass Warehouse. J. GOULD, 207, Oeorgt-rtroet._ TEAM ENGIN is For SALE, a new 20-horse power, high-pressure, ' horizontal Engine, with tubular Doner, so,, complete. Address Box 181, PoitOmoe. _ rpo TIN PLATE WORKERS. - For private J. SALE, a quantity of tools and machines for the trade, namely Anvil, hammers, shears, cutting punches, Seo., -to, rollers, folder, burring, knock-up, parting, swaging, candle mould, cutting machines, -to, die Are. Apply to Mr A SPARK, opposite Royal Hotel KAURI SPARS ON SALE The entire cargo of the barque Anthracite, from Kiapara, now landing at mc Saw Mills. JAMES COOK N~ EW SILVER PLATE, in forks and spoons, of the Victoria, Koh-i-noor, and Paxton patterns. A set of one of the varieties forms an elegant wedding present. BRUSH and MACDONNELL. _ ON SALE, the Berth Fittings and Surplus Stores of the ship BEE, lying-to Moore's Wharf. Apply to Captain RAISBECK, on board; or to BRIERLEY, DEAN, and CO., 8ti8sox-8trtet._-_ rruriNGINEBRS, MILLERS, and others For SALE, a very superior 12-horse power High-pressure Steam Engine, with boiler, to, complete. Also a Flour Mill, with two pairs of 0 feet French burr stones, with patent dressing engine, and smut machine the newest and most approved construction. The ob ve engine and mill have just been landed, ex Helen Baird, and will be sold either together or separately. Apply to R TOWNS, and CO. Towns'' Wharf, January 28,1856. MATE'S PATENT SHEATHING METAL. Sizes, 18, 20, 22, and 24 0s., about 5 tons for SALE, by GE A. LLOYD and CO. Counting-house, 213, George street FOR SALE by the undersigned. 100 Tierces Beef, ready for shipment, and guaranteed for two years ; also, oo barrels Irish and American Pork Ox Tongues. Suet, 3-., packed and ready for sea use. ... _,, " . J. Live Stock supplied on the shortest notice. Wines, Spirits, and Provisions of every description ready for shipment by E. B. CULLEN, Bon Accord Stores, Circular Quay. N.B Merchandise sod pretenders' goods stored at a moderate rate. The stores are perfectly dry, free from vermin, and St for any good. A AMERICAN COOKING STONES. The cadets t\ signed has been received a large assortment of the newest aadmostapproved maka«»fin«abortdoasatleartlala, states Iron Bedsteads Wood and cane seated chairs, 1 dozen cases Children's chairs, high and low - - . - Clocks, a great variety, half-dozen cases Tabs la seats, 6 and 9 Painted buckets Rocking chairs - Flour tubs Brooms Nest boxes. Clothes baskets, seat of (war Sofas and sofa had. Orders from the country punctually attended to. Liberal allowance to wholesale buyers. "-was SAMUEL HEBBLEWHITE. IM. Torh-stotrU » EX DRAGON, from Shanghai. Just received.. the following assortment or flat teas 1133 chests bastoougon 124 half ditto ditto,, 200 boxes ditto ditto 200 chests have twankay ! 712 half ditto ditto ditto < 500 boxes ditto ditto. I I LAMB, SPRY, sad, 00. , VALENTINES, Very Handsome, very elegant", and very cheap ; also comical and quiescent, at BlOFPiTl'S, INEAPPLBS, PINEAPPLES. - Orders (are acompanied by remittances) promptly attended to by A. J. HOCKINGS. Brisbane, Moreton Bay. s ' ' 7 4 J PERUVIAN GUANO, of the best quality for SALE, by F. W. CLARKE and CO. Qnswn'«%laa«. PERUVIAN GUANO for SALE. Apply to CRAWLEY and SMITH " ' "* LUCERNE SEED, fresh as imported, warranted to J grow. FERRY asd ARKINS, Pitt- street, near the SEED OATS, SEED OATS. New landing, ex Saga, from Copenhagen, 4ft 000 bushels prime Danish (war ranted) Seed Oats, for SALE, a lot to wait »nrshastrs. FISCHER. TANGE, and CO., 719, George-street, opmltiT£iw Bank of New South Wales, down the gateway. SHERRY WINES. The undersigned have for SALE at their stores a few parcels of Barden's superior brand of first and second class pale sherries, in hogsheads, i quarters, and octaves, specially selected for this market and which they are disposed to offer at a shade under out real rates, in order to close the shipments. GEORGE A. LLOYD and CO., Counting-house, 218, George-street. SARSAPARILLA. The original Dr. Townsend's Sarsaparilla may be had wholesale of the undersigned, salt agents and retail of most chemists throughout the oats MACNAB. BROTHERS, and CO. Macnusrle-pUwc. ICE, ICE, ICE, will be supplied from the Ice hou e on the Circular Quay, between 6 and 8 is the morning, and S and 7 In the evening, at 2d. per lb. for 1 cwt. and upwards ; 3d. life for less than 1 cert. SMITH, CAMPBELL, and rhBAN'S FURNITURE' SALE still continues. JLJ Sideboards, ChrrTonler«, Drawers, Tables, Ac. Mark the ' aoarr««-DEAN'S Furniture Warehouse, city The' re Sydney. HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Bedding, for., for SALE, at and under coat, at DEAN'S Furniture Warehouse, << arter Street, Sydney. IRON BEDSTEADS, with Palliasses, Mattresses, Bolsters, and Pillows, now selling at and radar east, at AN'rt Furniture House, Market-street. Acs DE TO I J CAPTAINS and OWNERS of SHIPS. Good Europe Ripe, from 1 to 4 inch, by sIngle call, at £70 pat . Fntnlrenf Mr BELL, Baltic Wharf. TOBACCO.- For SALE by CRAWLEY and SMITH, CO, George-street. Barrett Eagle Sheila. Kerr CHS. Wellington ML And other brands. ROE TRUNKS for SALE at DELANY'S, 184, George-street, opposite Hunter-street. AMERICAN STOVE Warehouse, all sizes, and a best makes. F. R, ROBINSON'S, 329, George-street. INVOICE of Iron Bedsteads. - Just landed, ex Joshua, and to be disposed of-sixteen best Leaton--.ade iron bedsteads. May be seen and terms known at Mr. DENCH'S, Chamber-street, Hay-street, Glebe SPRING VANS for REMOVALS Cash charge for pianofortes, furn! are, As , five shillings per hour ; or by contract If preferred. H. R HURFORD, pianoforte selector, valuer, tuner, Mr, 76,Cajtlcrcagh-street, near King-street. TjlLEGANT~GOÔDS ex CATHERINE ADAM _ (GON, Just opened, a rich assortment of Gold Rntliah Watches, Diamond Rings, first-class Gold Chains, Necklets. Bracelets, Brooches, and other choice goods. HARDY, BROTHERS, 47, Flour Orr-street. N B.-Entrance to the private Show, under the large Clock Dial. TO CHURCHWARDENS, Contractors, Public I Committees, etc, &c; For Sale, superior Turret Clocks with b 11s, from 1% to 3 owl,, sufficiently large for a town with 19,000 Inhabitants For further particulars apply to HARDY, BROTHER-, 47, Hunter-street, Sydney I F'OR SALE, by private contract, a good six roomed House, with detached kitchen, built of stone, and well finished. Situation all that can be desired. Apply to Mr. CAFFREY, Bathurst-street F'OR SALE, a Four-wheeled Phaeton, in good order, and well situated for a family. Apply to THOMAS MURPHY, coach-builder, Bathurst-street FOR SALE Just landed, ex Daniel Webster, at the Waterview Dry Dock, a cargo of Kauri heron masts, and round spam, from 76 feet by 25 inches, to a boat's mast. A large assortment of Iron bark, for ship and wharf building purposes T rpWO-HOKSE COUNTRY WAGONS, with care a vast tops the most complete and useful article ever im- poned for country purposes. For SALE, by WILKINSON, BROTHERS, and CO , Walker's Wharf, or, at their late premises, Macquarie-place. FOR SALE, 6 Working Bullocks, with yokes, chains, wide Apply for particulars at Mr. BILLING'B public-house, Liverpool. CITY PROPERTY INVESTMENT for £1000, to pay 18 per cent. - For SALE, a substantial stone and brick house, containing eight rooms, bake- house, Ac, and large pard, at Wolloomooloo Bay, let to a substantial old tenant. £600 at 6 per cent can remain on mortgage for two or three years. Apply to J. ROBERTS. agent, 23. King-street Evers FOR SALE, a desirable Family Residence, in Crown-street, Surry Hills, (at present occupied by Mrs, Charles Mitchell), containing seven rooms, store and pantry, detached kitchen, well of water, geo 1 yard, stable, coach-house, and-, large paddock The house is in excellent repair, and possession can be given on an early day. Apply to ALFRED MITCHELL. Bridge-st reef's THE RANGER'S ESTATE, NORTH SHORE. This beautiful residence and grounds, together with the domain of 43 acres attached, is open 10 private offer. For all particulars apply to OSWALD BLOXSOME, Esq ; or to MORT and CO., Pitt-street. MAGNIFICENT PASTORAL PROPERTY. For SALE, A FIRST-CLASS STATION, In the Darling B district, together with 20,000 SHEEP 1,100 HEAD of CATTLE. H For full particulars, apply to MORT and CO GLENDON, on the Hunter It is intended in the course of the ensuing month to expose the above well-known Estate for SALE!, by auction, in such subdivisions and allotments as may suit intending purchasers. Particulars In an early advertisement, Australian Trust Company, Sydney, 5th February, 1856. TO BE SOLD, the Good-will of a fourteen years'" I lease of five acres of excellent garden ground, being part of the Waterloo Estate, within one mile of of the Redfern toll-gate, together with a neat four-roomed brick cottage, erected thereon, stable. c. About 15 acres are now under crop. The residue is all cleared and drained ; such a chance for an industrious person is seldom to be met with, being so contiguous to the City. It would be suitable either for a drayman or for a boiling down establishment and piggery, as there is abundance of pure water in the driest seasons. Apply to Mr. ROSTRON, at the Waterloo Retreat; or to JOHN ELLIOTT, on the ground FOR SALE, by PRIVATE CONTRACT, Two Thousand Four Hundred and Forty-five Acres of LAND, with or without Four Thousand SHEEP, as may be agreed upon. The land is situated on Page's River, within a few miles of the rising town of Murrurundi : it has considerable frontage to the river, ; possesses some of the richest alluvial roll of the district-a district famed for its successful agriculture The back and is of the first order for grazing purposes, well watered by two creeks passing through it, and commands an extensive run suited either for cattle of, sheep. Application to be made to W. H. WARLAND, Esq., Harben Vale, Murrurundi ; or, at the office of Mr. O. B. WHITE, surveyor, Maitland. 'If this property is not disposed or before the 1st of December next, the land will be subdivided into lots for sale, particulars of which will appear in a future ad- incitement. _^_ HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT and PILLS. Extraordinary remedies for the cure of erysipelas. Charles Palrpolnt, Esq., of Lake Victoria, Adelaide, was afflicted for several years with this disease. For nine months he was almost deaf and blind with it, so severe was the attack ; he consulted several of the doctors in the neighbourhood, but they did not do him any good, but to use his own words, he was left alone to die. His good genius, however, did not desert him, for a friend of his brought him a couple of large boxes and pots of Holloway's Pills and Ointment, which he thankfully accepted, and commenced using; the result was perfectly miraculous, for in two weeks he was able to got up, and could see and hear well at the expiration of a month he was perfectly cured and able to resume his work. Sold at the establishment of Professor Holloway, 244, Strand (near Temple Bar), London, and 80, Maiden lane. New York; also by all respectable druggists and dealers in medicines throughout the civilised world, and in all parts of Australia, at the following prices: 4s. 3d., 3s. 3d, and 5s. each pot. tgf~ There is a considerable saving by taking the larger sizes. NB-Directions for the guidance of patients in every disorder are affixed to each pot THE EYESIGHT'. Mr DE LISSA, from London, In connection with the celebrated firm of S. and B. Solomons, opticians and realises to the Royal family, of Ale-, marlo- street, Piccadilly. The optical Improvements made by this firm enable persons in advanced age, as well as the young, to read with ease, and to discriminate the minutest objects with perfect distinctness. Their lenses have the most valuable advantage over spectacles now in common use, to it Instead of the vision becom- ing strained, heated, or weakened, it is preserved and strength ened. Their glassware slightly tinted by a valuable process, known only to themselves, and keep the eye in its required temperature. Telescopes, microscopes, race glasses, double and single operas, of most extensive power. Also a very small powerful waistcoat pocket gives, the case of a walnut, to discern objects for mince-meat invaluable to the sportsman, tourist, or stockman. and- Observe the name and address Mr. DE LISSA, optician and oouliBt, 86, Castlereagh-street, between King and Market streets. At home from 10 till 6 1" LABOUR ! Labour ! ! Labour ! I OLIVER J STAINES' Labour Market, Lower Gale-street. S 