The Rev J WF<r Mr. WM. MACDONNELL Mr. ?! W. SMITH CHARLES »Hw?«« JOSEPH 8. VVILLIS OSWALD BLOXSOME T. W. BOWDEN MOSES MOSES J. MACNAMARA GEORGE RATTRAY MOSES MOSS " HENRY PRINCE C. 8. HAIGH JAMES MORT D. L. LKVY A. W. GO DRING J. L^NGLRY H. FLAVELLE GABRIKL BENNETT JOHN KEANE ROBERT COVRNEY 0\. E. LANGLEY JAMES OLINTON LAWRENCE CORCORAN' JAMES CURTIS ' THOMAS RYAN JAMB1« TEMPLETON THOMA8 M'ENCROE MICHAEL GOLDEN PHILIP COHEN JOHN CUTHBERT ' M. E. MURNIN THOMAS HOLT C. H. WOOLCOTT CHARLES NEWTON W. DEANE DAVID JONES JOHN ARKINS IIKNKY COHEN JOHN FAIRFAX DANIEL EGAN OEOR3E WHIST, M.D. JOHN ROW WM. FORD J. J. CURRAN P. HOGAN 0\. J. CARAHER JOHN DAVIS W. H. GALBRAITH MICHAEL COFFEY W. G. LAMBERT LAWRANCE BERGIN JAMES M. O'NEILL' JAMES TIGHE DAVID PEDEN J. R. BRENAN 1\. P. EGAN W. S. MOUTRY GK.ORGK REE*1 THOMAS CLUNE MICHAEL HUSSEY MICHAEL SULLIVAN EDWARD M'KNCKOE EUGENE FLYNN PATRICK FREEHILL THOMAS GALBRAITH T H\£PREU£EI'D> inn. DANIEL TIERNEY ¿fJ2^18 DENIS M'ENCROE MATTHHW LACEY GILBERT WRIGHT A. FAIRFAX J. HU8BAND J. V. LAVERS I JOHN MURPHY JOSEPH COX I W. TEM PL With power to add to their number. K. 8. ROSS \ Honorary JAMES HART 5 Secretaries. ÏR. PLUNKETTS COMMITTBE ROOMS for _ the various Wards: PPS WARD.-Hernshaw's, Black Dog. Glouocster-strcet. BRI8BANE WARD.-J. Goold's. Pott Office Hotel, York-street, PHILLIP WARD.-Z. 8. Moore's, Gcorgu-strcct; and Thomas Molloy's, Parramatte-street, COOK WARD. - Tighe, Queen's Arms, Bourkc-strcet, and O'Neill's, opposite; also, Robinson's, William-street. BOURKE WARD.-Mullanej'e, Fortune of War Tavern, Pitt street MACQUARIE WARD.-Burton's. King and Market streets. Fenns have been left at the various houses, and electors whose sames have been omitted in the published lists are requested to all up the tams, »na the secretaries of the various committees will forward them to the Central Committee Rooms. All claims must se sent in by SATURDAY EVUNING, to the Central Committee. ?A8:HART.}Hon-Scot««'« "R. PLUNKETTS ELECTION. - Central ? Committee Rooms, Gwld'a Pott Office Hotel (late Islet',) York-street. ?'H*ART8S I Hon- Seéretiriei. rw\0 THE BLBCTORS OF CLARENCE AND JL DARLING DOWNS.-Gentlemen,-Having received a re- quisition from a large ead respectable portion of your number, urging me to ooma forward to represent you la the Legislative Assembly, and promising me, should I do so. their support and Btereat, I ohetrfully comply with this very flattering Invitation. On my reola t tour through your magnificent districts I had the opportunity of expressing my sentiments on various measures Mosaaary for the promotion of your local interests, as well as on the leading questions which will have to be discussed in the first session of the New Parliament for the general welfare of the colony. 1 now deesa it my duty to address you for the Information of the electors generally. One ef the most important questions to be brought under eon. eideraUonwlllbe the management of the Crown Lands, and oa tala subject I am er opinion that the minimum price should be reduoed to Un shillings par acre, and that land suitable for agri- cultural purposes ia ¡he vicinity of towns should be surveyed aad laid out In moderate-sized far me. For the purpose of nffurding the fallest information to the publio, I wculd have plane of these surveys prepared and exhibited at the police office in each district, showing the lands ooen for sale, so that any one wishing to cultivate might select a firm without any vexatious trouble or annoyance at that priée. At the same tims, care must he exercised, in order that the production of tho main staple of the colony be not Injuriously affected-there being room ter the pursuits of all. If say views as to thl Crown lands were carried into effect, I consider it would be one of the best means ever adopted for the encouragement or an Immigration or . superior character, as the fact of oar holding out such highly favourable opportunities to the industrious duett in Great Britain would of Itself be one of the great means of turning In the direction of these shores the tide of Immi- gration new going on to the United States and Canada. I amia favour of the formation and extension or r'ilways, and consider that ia connection with them, In the northern part of the colony especially, plank or tramroads should be introduced, similar to those in common use In the United States ; and I cen aider It of vital importance to yaur distrlots that such roads should he ittmedlately formed from Warwick to Ipswich, and from Dray- ton to Ipswich, and from Kew England to Grafton-the cost of which, I am given to understand, would not exc*ed in amount that now required for making the reads recentlv surveyed In those localities. I oonaider education to be of the very highest importance, all being equally interested in the welfare of the youth of the colony, and I should be proud to see every man's child pieced securely la possession of sound elementary instruction. To this subject I should give my best attention, and shall do all In my power for the extension of the National system amongst you. believing it to be socolally advantageous In a scattered population. At the same time, I be- lieve the denominational schools have been successful in various districts. I shall also support any measure that may be brought forward for the purpose ef establishing grammar echr-ols in the larger towns to enab'e the youth of the colony to prepare for the higher studlea of our University. The late alterations In, the established tariff of the colony I highly disapprove, having always been an advocate for free trade -rolly appreciating, as I do, the great bentfk conferred on the people et England by the Act introduced by the late Sir Robert Peel, I shall therefore support all measures having a tendency to reduce taxes on our chief artie'es of consumption, more especially those which press on the hard working and labouring classes, I regard the two-thirds clause Introduced Into the Constitution Aot as an insult to both Houses of Parliament, and the nominee element as an insult to the electors ut larne, and shall be ready to support the declared expression of the country in abolishing beth. Several local matters require reform, and, amongst others, I ahonld use my influence to have paid magistrates of experience stationed In the several districts, who could attend to all magis- terial duties, ard who would also have the power of arranging and carrying through all matters connected with the lands and revenues <«f their districts, and thus save the present cumbrous mode adopted of corresponding with the ai ver al Govern- ment departments here. I would give my eordlal assistance to the passlag ot any mea- sure for establishing circuit courts throughout the colony, BJ that all matters connected with each country district should be settled within itself. - I am an advocate for the establishment of municipalities for the management of local affairs, and should wish to see a Bill intro- duced that wçuld give power to a majority of the inhabitants of the several districts to bring such Institutions into operation with- out any act or special legislation. With respect to other questions on which I have not touohod, I ?hall he happy to explain my views when I shall have the pUasure or meeting yon. While my sympathies will be on the aide of the established authorities, it shall be my care to assist In securing the servicts or the most efficient men in all departments. My residence in the scene ot action, my ample leisure, and my anxiety to work for the welfare of a country In which 1 have dwelt for so many years, and which is the fatherland of my chil- dren, aro sufficient to laduoe me thus to placent your disposal whatever ability, energy, and influence I possess. I am, Gontlomec, Your obedient servant, CLARK IRVING. Sydney, 24th January, 1816._ TO THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED PAS- TORAL DISTRICTS of WELLINGTON and BLIGH Gentlemen,-Your respected member, Mr. Finoh, having Inti- mated that It is not his intention again to solicit your suffrages, I renturo, at the request of many of you, to announce myself a can- didate for the representation of your districts in Parliament. I have lived among you for sixteen years, and hold property in your districts. I am not therefore unacquainted with your withes and vants, and my iaterests and yours are identical. My present pursuits render my residence in Sydney necessary. I shall con- sequently have the better opportunity of protecting and promo- ting your rights and Interest«. The grand impending event ia the trial of our now Constitution. I am not wedded to a nomi- nated In preference to an eleotea Upper Houso, but am prepnrod, should experience provo the former to be undesirable, to surren- der my present pre-conccived opinions, and to adrocato the latter. Education has no warmer advocate than I. Provision has been already made for the training of our youth in the towns, bait it should he the espcoial duty of your representatives to urge the extension of these blessings to the pastoral districts, and thus prevent the generation sow advanciug ibero to maturity from growing np in ignorance and barbarism, but this can only be accomplished under tho National eyrtem. The well-doing and well-being of all the colonists nre dependent opon tho producers, amongvhe principal of whom are the graziers and sheep farmers. The attempted separation of Interests which are Identical is but the artifice of the pretended patriots, besides whlcr, breach of faith with the squatters would be dishonest, and nothing that is dishonest can hy possibility be advantageous. The Southern and Northern districts bavo hitherto obtained a most disproportionate share of those advantages which railways, roads, asd bridges confer. Your representative should endeavour to prevent the Western Districts from continuing thus to suffer under so very partial and unequal a distribution of the resources applicable to internal communication. Reserving further explanation until I have the honour to appear hefote you in person, I am, gentlemen, your most obedient servant, GEORGE W. LORD. 8ydney, January 16th, 1850._ ' -ano THE ELECTORS OF THE UNITED 7 COUNTIES OF COOK AND WESTMORELAND. - Gen >nen,-rAt the request of a number of electors, I have the /hour to offer myself asa candidate for the representation or our united counties, In the ensuing election, as one or the mem- bers tor the Legislative Assembly. / I feel that as an Australian I should fill In duty to my conntry /if I declined preffcrlng my services at the present / crisis, for I am of opinion it is only by thoso whose interests, / either from long residence, or tics of family ana property, are identical with our«, that we can bo properly repretented. It is not my intention at present to enter into a detailed expla- nation of my 0/ inion«, as I intend personally to wait (so far as I am able) upon the electors. I can then better explain them. I would, however, briefly allude to one or two toplos. With respect to the New Constitution, as now the law of the land (though in favour of the elective principle), I am disposed to give it a fair trial, and if not found to meet the wants or the eolony I shall be ready to support a more useful arrangement in the selection or members for the Upper House. I am or opinion that all measures calculated to facilitate tho means ot transit to and from the Interior should be supported, as I¿bellevo tbey are required te open out and develope new sources of wealth to the eolony. , ,, , With respect io Education-I shall support all measures calcu- lated to promote the same, being of opinion that the more general «MUnelon of knowledge la Indispensable to the welfare of all ' lô*many of you I am well known ; I nutt I shall receive your ?apport. By thoso with whom I am not personally acquainted, I hopeT upon bearing an explanation of my political opinions, to be favourably received. My principles are liberal, and ahoBlfl yon ii. me the honour to select me, I theil always endeavour to the best of my abilities to advance your local interests, and to support those measures which In my opinion tend to promote the welfare «T the oo y# j hM e ^ ^mm w be, gentlemen, Your obedient servant, ROBERT T. JAMISON. Horesej »ta Jttuory, 1856. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE NORTH RID-1 ING OF THB COUNTY OF CUMBERLAND.-Gentle- men,- Kncourngtd by the solioitationB of numerous friends ooaneolfd with your oonsiituenoy, I venturo to iffer mjsolf na « candidate roi; the With otfioe>.f its representativo a1, next election. , Z , lh0 "ral1" of thi8 'Nonh Rhung I «raw up from boyhood ; ' therein I now resido and posse-» latiaod interests-to m»ny of you I am well known personally-Uut, nevertheless, for iho in- formation of that vary nuncrojs body who ure par iully or alto- gether uoncqunlntcd with mt, it becomes nects-ary to furnifb, through tho press, «orne gineral notion of my political views and prlnelples. Though I rojard the New Constitution as an imperfcot measuro, and have no faith in its permanence unior txistlng forms, lam yet of opinion that for a reasumiólo period it moy b.i mudo to answer its general purpose, »ntl that In the mem time mira pres- sing, if not moro important business thun any altcratiun of its pro. vision« with perhaps one or two exceptions, will demand ihc atten- tion of the Now Legislature, Oae of the exceptions to which I allude relates principally to what is commo-ly called iho two-thirds olause, to which anomalous rtatric bna upon constitu- tional rights, 1 have, I must own, n deciied objection. I would, tnoroover, support other necessary modifications, and among them, any sound proposnl for tho construction of an ciccti>c Upper House, of whian in theory I do not disapprove. I trust, however, ihat the application, oy mean, of the Act just referred to, of the novel aud salutary principle of executive reaponsiblllty, or ii ithcr words of requitiag all our public servants, but partioulntly Heads of Departments, tonestly, to perform and account for"the work for which they aro paid, will henceforth infuse fresh life and vigour into colonial govern- ment, and introduce among it« funotions aud operations, an efficiency to whloh wo have net been hitherto accustomed. I eanMdcr the prceont eystcm of management and distribution of public lands as in the highest degree faulty und injurious to colo- nisation. 1 am anxious for tho oxton»ton i.nd encouragement of »mall froehold« by every fair and practicable mothoi. I par- ticularly disapprove of publlo leuses uad of a high minimum prie«. But 1 can bo no party to dishonest schemes, involving violation of national faith, noroanl aeqnicsco in the ju»tloo or policy of any measures calculated to shackle lor purposes of revenue, the grea: productivo interest» of the interior. In short, I a» uccas tomed to place wool-grower» as wella« gold-diggers in the same category with other producing classe», and would impose no more exclusive resiriotltns, in whatever form, upo.i elthor wool or gold, than I would upon agricultural or other industrial pro- duce. I cenfesa to having very much at heart, and claim to have been among the first of those who have endeavoured of late to brkg prominently under public notice, tho important subject of pro- vincial or municipal institutions. By r_c*n« of these and thi'ir indefinite »ystematlo extension, in proportion to the advanott of eetilomeat, and tie develop- ment of loeal capabilities, we can best, in my judgment, obviate tho evil tendencies of our extreme metropolitan centralisation, and the consequent undue predominance of trading influences in the large towns, which havo already I think unfavourably effected the prosperity a&d; independence of the rural districts, aud havo producid, though I am far from allowing they have altosetner justified, tue demand tor complete local se- paration on the part of remote dlstriots. In religious matters, whilo I freely admit myself opposed in theory to state support, not so much from a conviction of its asumes», aa of ita daily increasing and ultimate im- practicability, I woulu not, unleis urged by atrong and unmiatakeable manifestations of pubUo opinion, bo the means of Introducing any innovation upon the eaubliahed s) stem, nor in any case, as regarda present incucbents, aftor having as it were hired them ¡uto the service of the colony by implied pro- mise» and other legal guarantees, wuula I consent to dismiss them to novel and precarious mode« of subsistence, for whicn by pre- vious habits and anticipation» they would bo altogether Unfitted and unprepared, aud towards wnich perhaps many of the class in question entertain a fixed and conscientious uverslon. So with education, while I prefer the National to the Denominational «jstem, beoause I look upon the former as lesa costly, more couprehenslvc, and moro In accord- ance with tho spirit of modern progress, I see no reason for making it a matter of conscience lu myself to distribute that pabilo instruction to which all cUstca and sects are equally entitled, by modes obnoxious to the feelings of the parties principally con- cerned. I cannot pay either you or myself the poor compliment of sup- posing that you would i xpect from me any professions, sa the score of general eoonomy or attention to local wants. But Believe me, I would undertake tho trust I seek, under a deep sense of the solemn duties It imposes, and of my own abundant, but I hope not irremediable imperfection« and deficiencies. After all elcotoral addresses, at best, convey but little. How- ever, sa I live, and «hall continue to live among you, you have the mean« of satisfying yourselves upon all essential points with reference to my political opinions, una to any of you desirous of further information, I shall be happy, both in public and private to afford every reasonable eppnrtunlty. I am, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, WILLIAM FORSTER. Broth Fara, Ryde, January 24, It 56. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE CLARENCE R1VBR AND DARLING DOWNS.-Gentlemen, it la my Intention to offer myself as « candidate for your suffrages, at the ensuing general election. I purpose visiting your ril.trlots the first week in Febiuary, upon whloh occasion 1 shall enter fully into the mott prominent mattet« which are likely to engage the New Parliament. I have «he honour to be. Gentlemen, Your most obedient 8er v .nt, ROBERT SCOrT ROSS. Sydney, January 14th. 1R*6. A« O THE KLEUIOKS OF _-H_ OUMH_KL"ND BOROUGHS.-Gentlemen,-At the instance of several of your number, I beg to offer mysolf a« a candidate to represent you ia the new Legislative Assembly. In doing sa, however, I npuute you I am not actuated by any presumptions, or interested motives, but simplv from a desire to be of some use to the boroughs which I row apprieo to represent. A» an Australian, I shall, it eleoted. deem it both a pleature and a duty to devote my beat energies for the welfare of this my native lana. In makinga brief exposition of my views onsuhjeotsofpubllo interest, I may advert (in the first place) to the New Conetitatlon, which I believe when revised and modified will provo a great boon to the colony. With regard to education, I am of opinion that there ia a great want of efficient teacher», particularly in the remote oistrlots. I am opposed to the withdrawal of re'igiaus «tate support (at lem for some time to oome), being convinced that clergymen in thinly populated parishes would not be ade- quately remunerated. Upon the sutijact of railways, I feel con- vinced that the country must ultimately derive unbounded benefit from the «am«, and shall suppôtt thur extension (wherever praetleab'e) through the length and broadlh of the land ; without, however, involving tho colony. In matter« of general improvement, such aa the erection of public laatltutions, repairs of roads and bridge«, together with all other looa' subjscts, I need hardly ray, if elected, shall receive my best and moat earnest attention. Economy in the expendi- ture of pnblio money ihould bo studied ; at the same time the services of able, and efficient, erBeers in all important departments should be secured, and I would not, os a rule, advocate the outting down of salaries. Hy principles are liberal. In conclusion, gentlemen, to those amongst you to whom I am unknown I may add (and with pride) that I um a son of the aoll-a nativo of thi« rising enanty, the boroughs of which I now aspiro to represent-and from my earliest days have been exten- sively and still am moat intimtttly oencected with the staple in- terests of the colony, viz., grazing and agriculture. Being thus identified with the general advancement of my native land, could I consistently or conscientiously vote against my own future welfare! I pauso for a reply-and am, gentlemen, your obedient servant, Retreat, January 24th, 185G. "DAVID BELL. SÏDNEY BRANCH.-AL1-ANCE FIRE AS- SURANCE COMPANY OF LONDON.-The undersigned Issue Policies at the reduced rates of premium. THACKER and CO., Ml, Gcorgc-atrect. J IKE PEOPLE'S PROVIDENT AS8URANCE SOCIETY: with which i» incorporated THE UNITED ARANTEE AND LIFE A8SURANCE COMPANY. Chief Office-33, Old Jewry, London. This society transact* every description of life assurance busi- ness on terms peculiarly favourable to the assured. Guarantee Polloies of Fidelity in all occupations where eeenrity a required are also issued to approved applicants. Prospectuses, formB of proposal, and further information, may be obtained on application to the Agent, at the office of the Society. 1. Jamison-street, between 11 and 3. rpWBNTY-FIVE PER CENT. REDUCTION in I FIRE PREMIUMS. "IMPERIAL FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF LONDON. Capital-£1,500,000 Dwelling and counting-houses constructed in accordance with the Bulling Ar.t, of brick and stone, with slated, metal, or shingled roofs, for every hundred pounds assured, from 2s. Sd. to 5s. 9d. ; buildings for storing merchandise, and for trades, as above, for every hundred pounds assured, from 3s. 9d. to 8s. ; buildings not included in the preceding, and hazardous risks by special agreement. Losses from fire by lightning mudo good, and all claims adjusted and paid in Sydney. GRIFFITHS, PANNING, and CO., agent«. Bydney, 20th Dcoembcr, 1855._ THE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.-25 per cent. Reduction on Premiums on Country risks.-I he Directors have resolved that tho operation of the recent reduotinn of 25 per cent, oa Fire Pre- miums shall extend to ciuntry insurances, A. STANGER LEATHES, resident secretary. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SO- CIETY, established (icifA important privileges under the Ade of Council' Vkt. Xo. 10 and li Viet. yo. for grantirg Assurances on Lives, Present, Dsferred, and Kevfcri>ionBry An- nuities, and Endowment« for ohildren and Old Age. On the prin- ciple {proved by an experience r>/ ISO years of kindred Institu- tions in the mother country to be the most equitable and safest for the assured) of Mutual Assurance and a periodical division of the whole of ihe profits amone the whole of the members. Chairman-THOMAS HOLT, Esq. Doputy Chairman-M. E. Muiunx, Esq. ROBERT THOMSON, Aotuary and Bocretary. Chief OfBoes-Mort'a Buildings. Pitt- street, Sydney. _ TVJORTHERN ASSURANCE COMPANY 1\ for Firo and Life Assurance at Home and Abroad. EsU bliehed in 1836. Incorporated hy Act of Parliament. Capital, £1,259,760 sterling. UEAU OFFICES. London-1, Moorgate-atreet. I Edinburgh-20. Bt. Androw-»q. Aberdeen-3, King-street. | Glasgow-19, St. Vincent-place. LONDON BOAB» OF DIHECTOUS. Chairman-The Right Hon. Lord Ernest Bruoe, M.P. John Abercrombie, Esq. I ThomasNewmnn Farquhar.EBq. George G. Anderson, Esq. I Charles R. M'Grigor, Esq. G. A. Sievebing, Esq. Sydney Agents-Buyers and Learmonth, 4, Charlotte-place. Eurvovor-Mr. John Bibb. FIRE DEPARTMENT. This Company grants Insurances against Firo on every descrip- tion of Property at reduced rates-All Losses are paid in Sydney, immediately on adjustment, without deduction. No liubillty attaches to the insured. Risks on first-class property to the extent of £10,000 may bo effected ¡ and Floating Policies for E20.00B can bo issued to one firm. _ » COMMERCIAL BANKING COMPANY Oi \ I SYDNEY.-For the convenience of customers of this bank, uiâ of the inhabitants »f the Southern part of the City, an office .-or, this day been opened at No. 563, George-street Benth, near -.io Haymarket, where banking burinées in all its branches will aa ooECUotod in the same manner as at the head ofidco of the lnotl tailon. Bills for discount, and communications for the Board of Jlreotor« will bo received at the Southern office, until 12 o'clook, uid at tho hoad offlce, until 1 o'clock on Tuesdays and Fridays. IOHN TAYLOR, manager. Sydney. 4th Jnlv. 11BS._ SYDNEY INSURANCE COMPANY.-Notice of Removal.-The Offices of the above Company have been re- moved to No. 3, Bridge-itreet, near Goo'jF"*'1^"T.^^'1,1 ing-house and Store» OÍS. D. Gordon, ftq. J. 8. MITCHELL eeretary. Mort'g-buildlng», January 2nd, 1856._ AUSTRALIAN AGRICULTURAL COMPANY. -COALS.-The undersigned beg« to notify that the Corn many having now several vessel» chartered in the coal trade, he is irepared to sell cargoes afloat, of from 80 to 300 ton«, at a rea îouable rate ; has also a large supply on the wharf at Millet's Potat to be disposed of wholesale. "T" JOHN P. RIDLEY, Agent to A. A. Company, Charlotte-place, Church-h 1,' COLONIAL INSURANCE.! RATEâ GREATLY REDUCED. I HE 6YDNEY 1N8URANCE COMPANY, INCORTOIUTKD »v ACT or COUNCIL. The above COMPANY will rcceivo applications for tho IN SURANCE of HOUSES and .ithor BUILDINGS, MERCHANDISE wd CHATTEL PROPKRTY, of every description, in town 0! country, at reascmablo estes of premium. THE CAPITAL Or" THE COMPANY 18£MO,000, With power to increase the amount to meet the business of the Company. The list of Shareholders is open to rublio Inspection, and per- , .ons Voirons of other Information respecting the Company will meet with attontion at tho offlco. ' As It Is Intended that the convenience of all classes of COLONIBTS shall bo consultod by tho Company, persons anxious to Insure their property under unusual circumstances are Invited to make appli oation. and, if foun^ practicable, the Insurance will be granted nier special conditions. Where urgency Is necessary, a deposit will be received at once for Insuring property until the next meeting of the Board of Dlrootors ¡ thu umount will bo considered part of the premium on «oro regular insurance being oflcotcd, or returned If tho appllca 'lon be docllned by the Board. The business of the old Sydney Fin Insurance Cbm/mrit/ will be transferred, as soon as possible, to the new Company,' and the members arc informed that larger risks will now be taken at reduced rates than were taken formorly, BO that greater oonvenl jnee will be afforded them, and there will be no liability upon usurers who are not shareholders in the present company. There la » reserve of 5000 shares to be isauable at par for the acxt six months, or sooner, to panie* Insuring and making special »pplicstlon for thom. Tho dlsorotlon of the Board of Directors will bo used in allotting the sharos to applicants, according to the inrounu of insurance applied for or otherwise. The present Company nas oeon formed wl'h tho view of se onrlng a portion of tho profits to bo derived from an Important -nd UBCful business-exclusively colonia'-and to preserve the In oomo of the old Company from passing Into tho hands of tho Kngllah Companlos, and theroby becoming a loss to the oountry generally. Tho Kiro Insuranoo Engines aro stationed at Mr. BOWN'S Briokficld-hlll, whero a night-watch is kr-pt, and where all alarms of Uro should bo reported as soon as possible The Company will roward any persons exirting themselves to give early information «>d in oases whetc damage is prevented by their services. RATES. Buildings-metal or slated roof, «tone or brick, 2a. 3d. and upwards Buildings- shingled ditto, ditto ditto, 3s. Oil. and upwards Wooden buildings-metal or slated roof, »s. and upwards Wooden ditto, shingled, special. Diaxcions. THOMAS HOLT, Esq., Chairman JOHN KAIRFAX. Esq., Deputy Chairman M. E. MÜRNIN, Esq. , 8\. D. GORDON, Esq. ALEXANDER CAMPBELL, Esq. FREDERICK ERSWORTH, Esq. Suuvtvon. JAMES HUME, Esq. StCKXTABT. JAMES SUTHERLAND MITCHELL. Office-No. 3, Brl'lgo-strect. near George-street, Sydney, Country Agents wno will supply forms or application and re- ceive proposals from persons wishing to insure: Maitland-A. Dodds, Esq. Newcastle-George Mitchell, Esq. Bathurst-*. B. Sargeant, Esq. Goulburn-R. Craig, E«q. Wollongong-George Hewlett, Esq. Windsor-J. Dawson, Esq. Moreton Bay-Honrv Buaklcy, Eeq; Dungog-Peter Mo William Liverpool-E. Goctx Parramatta-E. Mason, Esq. Mudgee-Messrs. Walker and Smith Portmacquarie-Horatio Toxer, Esq._ t>YRMONT BRIDGE COMPA.NY, Incorporated hy Aot of Council. (Assented to 15th December, 18J5.) Offices-Lloyd's Chambers, No. 113, George-street. Capital, £30,000, in 10,000 shares of £5 each. (With power to increase to £100,000.) Di nierons : George Allen, Esq., M.L.C., Chairman. R. A. A. Morehead, Esq., Vice- I John Fairfax, Eq. Crtairman John Taylor, Krq. Walter Beames, Eeq. I AvniTons : David Jones, Esq. I A. Btanger Leathes, Esq. SOLICITOR : George Wigram Allen, Esq. ExoiNExn : E. O. Moriarty, Esq. Ths object of this Corporation is, by the construction of bridges and roads, to open direct communicati«- n between thebcavtof Sydney and Pyrmont, the Glebe and the Parramatta Road, thereby connecting the whole of thue populous and productive districts with the business part or Sjriney, as well as each with the others, by a cenveslent and greatly shortened route. The important advantages and facilities which 'he completion of this undertaking will nffjrd to the public aro. It is believed, toa obvious to require any detailed explanation, but some of them may be enumerated as follows 1\. A ssving of one-half will he effected In the expense of cart- ing building stone from the Pyrmont quarries, now the main source of tujply for the olty. 2\. An easy and direct eonmunioatlon will be established with the railway terminus, Darling Harbour. 3\. The conveyance to the city of meat from the Abattoirs will be greatly facilitated. 4\. The Inhabitant» of Pyrmont will be enabled to pass to tnd from the centre of Sydner, not only more quickly and easily, bat at much lower rates than are now charged for conveyance hy the ferries. 5\. Foot passengers, oirriagee, and vehicles of all kinds, rrom and to the weet and south, equally with the residents of the Glebe and places beyond, namely, Camperdown, Annandale, Leichhardt, Dobroyd, Garryowen, Austenham, Broughton, Elswick, Balmain, Gipps Town, Five Dook, Petersham, Sydenham, Norwood, fto., will be enabled te enter and depart from the olty by a mere agree- able and muan, shorter road th in ths overcrowded thoroughfares or ParramatU-street, and Bilokfleld-blll. 6\. The cltlxcns of Sydney recertify will have their means or re- creation and ex«olse mate.lally increased by an easy outlet toa beautiful Inland walk or drive. While the community as well as the owners of property In the localities specllicd shall be thus benefited, the Dircotor« antici- pate with oontUenoc, that tho shareholders of the Pyrmont Bridge Company will derive a handsome return rrom their in- vestment, by moderate tolls upon the traffic above Indicated. Applications for shares in the subj ilncrt form will be received at tho Compauy's Office, Lloyd's Chambers, George-street, until notice shall be given that the Issue of stock has oeased. THO HAS SMITH, Seoretary. 17th Janaary, 1856. TO THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OP DIRECTORS OF THE PYRMONT BRIDGE COMPANY. SIR, I request that I may receive Shares ia ths Company, amounting to £ and I engage upon allotment of such shares being made tome to execute the Deed of Settle- ment, and to pay the call of £1 per share which has been made, and the remaining part of my proporion si the capital of the Company as the earns shall bo called for. Narao In full Address Date The above printed form can be obtained on application at the Company's Offices. THE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Empowered by Aots of Parliament. Established in 1836. Having a Colonial Proprietary, and the following -,v " BOARD OP DlllECTons IN SYDNEY 1 The Honerable sir Charles Nicholson, M.L.C.. Chairman. G. K. HA gr* *) . DT,twaCrhd"Kroott,D Ero Swinton Boult. Esq., Seoretary to the Company. MEDICAL ItE-KKELS. John M'Farlano, Ksq M.D Arthur M. A'Bcckett, Esq. BANKEiis-The Bank or Australasia. SOLICITOUS -Messrs. Norton, 8on, ni.d Barker. tunvEvoit-FranolsH. Grundy, Esq.,C.E. nmE!iTJrc ETA"V-A. Stangcr Leathes. r.nit.1 ."h.?»^' Msr«7îr«-strcct, Wynyard- square. Capital subscribed exceeding .....; .... 4 . £i 600,000 Accumulated Funds and Casital paid up, «xceeairir .. 600,009 Ttber .Sha!' iayetM ** thC °010"' in' Owc»«nent and fe8s"s\fhffiB.Fand' fil50<000-»Ilb unlimited liability of the FIRE DEPARTMENT. /-.I-, i B i u . S^TSB OF VBKMIDM, ñ";,7,i"i °ir 8tS?° "nlWings, slatea, metal or shingled roofs, occupies as dwelling or counting houses only, from 2s. 3d. to aíi9íl-Per cent, per aanum. '¡L-Zr., . er "tone °<Hldmgs, slated, metal or shlnglod roofs, £1* <i?r "torin* merchandise, or for purposes of trade, RÄ, . ° '. ,t0 !". W* ccnt- Her annum rJPnn.i Í otinoIudedin elth« of the preceding classes, or 1 ?Í?»»V« m íurP°M9 of any hasardons or speoially hazardous rT71 'J'"/' I** be ln,ur«d °y "Preist agreement. .^¡ïïrS. Stooks-ln-Trado of a non-haaardous description, do posited in any building, will bo insured at the same roto as tho mee ii8 i! ' but General Merchandise, including all geods not «tonis "oi!ardous, coming within the usually soccp*ed applica- nt '"no term- deposited In first-class stores, will oe treatod as no" ?»zsr¿oas ""j jnsnred «s #nch. *" FLOATING POLICIES Covering merchandise in all or any of the stores In Sydney, as chavo described, subject to the average clause, will be charged per cent., not lies than 12s. pel oent. per annum.. The Average Clause applies to " Floating Folioles " only, and is Introduced in no other CiseB except by special agreement. Tho Fire Insurance Engines are stationed at Mr. BOwN'S, Brickfield-hill, where a nignt-watoh Is kept, and where all alarms of tire should bo reported *s soon as possible. The Company will reward any porsons exerting themselves to give early Information, and in caaeB where damage Is nrorcntcd by their eeiviccs. anu m ewe UpR DEPARTMENT. The Directors continue to reotlva proposals for the sale and Durchase of Annuities, Endowments, and Reversions, and for In- surances on Lives. No entrance or admission foes ure required, nor Is any additional premium charged to officers In the army or navy unless called Into actual service. The following are amongst the advantages held out by the oampsny : Two Scales of Pitmlums, one lower than thoso of most other comuanios; the other carrying Guaranteed Additions, ar euti tllBE to Guaranteed Reductions in the Future Premiums, ona plan entirely new and peculiar to this Institution. The ro»le of reduc- tions whioh are guaranteed, ranges fr»m 33J to 52 per cent, on the Amount or Premium, and the Bonus oontingenc only on the con- tinuance ot the life doubles tho amount or the policy. No Liability or Partnership, tbfoe reductions anu additions not being contingent upon profits. Polloica ero issued upon the half-premium system, and on an "surrenueTof" Policies aro accepted on very liberal terms ; and Claims aro paid within three months after proof of death. No extra chant« to members of tho Volunteer Corps. rnrxruMS TO INSUHE, £100, FAYADLE AT DEATH._ ii s.d. 1 13 7 2 2 6 2 16 3 5 19 S 6 1 6 S3 51 £ s. d. 1 19 0 2 9 i 3 5 5 4 12 4 7 1 S «ëa ** e? £ S. d. 8 10 0 9 0 10 10 3 4 11 13 4 15 l8 4 Within £ s. 1 6 1 12 2 2 2 19 4 4 1 year. [ 7 years £ s. d. 1 1 6 6 1 11 5 2 2 8 3 13 9 £ s.d. 12 0 17 0 1 14 9 2 10 2 4 9 1 The rates for other ans and other scales, and every informa- tion may be obtained on application at the office or the Company. Agents for both departments : At Moreton Bay, R. Towns and Co. Maitland- Jeremiah Ledsam. Newcastle-Bínale and Son. Goulburn-WilJam Chatfield. Windsor- William Walker. Ba thurst-James Stirling Home. Campbelltown-James tnrner. Pambula-Mtdlcal referee, Richard Bligh. Esq. For the Fire Department: At Wollongong-Robert Davison. Gundagai Jceeph ChalandC£AKoEBtEATEKi> UM0tBmHuft Margaret-street, Wynyard Square. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY.-Established January 1st, 1849, for Granting Assurances on Live«, Present, Deferred, and Reversionary Annui- ties, and Endowment« for Children and Old Age. £7« the Principle of «Tuf Mai Assurance mid an Equitable .Diri- mo» of the whole of the Profits amonyit all the members. Director«. Chairman-Thomas Holt, J un., Esq. Deputy Chairman-M. E. Mumin, Esq. F. Ebsworth, Esq. I Dr. James Mitchell, M.L.C. A.T.Holroyti, Esq, M.L.C. | W. H. Christie, Esq., M.L.C. Bankers-The Commercial Banking Company. Medical Referee-A. M. A'Beckett, Esq. Consulting Aotuary. Monis Birkbeck Pell, Esq., B.A., Sydney University. Solicitor-M. C. Stephen. Esq. Aotuary and Seoretery-Robert Thomson, Esq. Chief Offlocs-Mort*» Buildings, Pltt-Btreet, Sydnoy. The Tables of the Sooiety are a» low as is consistent with perfect «oourity. All profit on each transaction reverts to the Individual concerned. Extract« from Life Assurance Table«. Annual Premium payable dur-1 lug L'fe. I 30 £1 17 5 2 8 2 £3 16 0 Ä 12 2 Age £6 6 7 8 5 5 For the rait* for oihi i oges, _o,, ave the Prospectuses Lf the 8ociety. The above ublcs at last Investigation, produced te the policies then entitled to participate, IIONUS IIIUITIONS OF M-nn THAN 3 run CENT, tr.u ANNUM ON tim SUM ASSURED. TaMe« for LiiKiuiKD and IUVEHSIONAIIT ANNUITIFS, fer EN DOWMENTS for oiiildrcn, for JOINT Livr.s ASSURANCES, and for ENIIOWMU(T ASSURANCES, will be found In the Prospectuses of the Scolcty. The Dlreotors Invite intending assurer» to compare these tables and tho general facilities of this Boololy with those of oihor oitcti. Prospectuses, forms of proposal, and every information may be obtained at any of the agencies in this and in the other colonie», or from ROBERT THOMSON, Aotuary and Secretary. Mort's-bulldlngs, Pitt-street, Sydney. AUSTRALIAN MUl'UAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY.-Importent Notice.-The bcoks of the Scciety on the J9th day of February, 1856, for io« outrent year'» baslnee». I |AU proposals nr.de before that date will be entitled to partici- pate in the profits of the yea , in terms of the rule« of tho Society. At the last investigation, the bonus addition« averaged 3 per cent, per annum on all palióle« then entitled to participate. ROBERT THOMrîON, aotuary and secretary. Chief offices. Mort's-bulldlngs, Pitt- street, Uecsmber 31,1855. U8TRALIAN MUIUAL PROVIDENT _ BOCIETY.-In older to extend the benefits of the Soclet: toTEeooantry dlttriots, the Director« have appointed the follow- ing gentlemen medical referee«, by appearing befare whom the personal attendance of applicants in Sydney may be dispensed with. Parramatta, Richard Greenup, Esq., M.D. Windsor. Henry Day, E*q. Braidwood, Alex. M'Alietcr, Bsq., M.D. Wollongonr, George Prowd Lambert, Era. Bathurst, Richard Machattie, Esq., M.D. Scone, Joseph Docker, Esq. Briabaae, Kearrcy Cannon, Esq., M.D. Maitland, Andrew Liddell, Esq. Ditto, Mlohael M'Cartney, Eaq. Kiama, John Moon, Esq. Mawcrstle, J. E. Stacy, Esq. Yara, Allan Campbell, K*q. Goulburn, Robert Waugh, Esq. Panbula, Twofold Bay, Richard Bligh, E>q., M.D, Armidale, William Morrl«, Esq. From all of whom, aa well as from any of the Agents of the Sooiety, prospeotuses, forms of proposal, and every informaUon may boabulned. ROBERT THOM60N, Actuary and Secretary. MertVbraildlags, Pitt-street._ 4U8TRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SO CIE1Y.-Money to lead on security of city andauburban old property. Apply to ROBER T THOMSON, Aotuary and Secretary, Mori's Buildings, Put-street,_ CHURCH" OF ~E NGLAND LTFB ASSURANCE, TRUST AND ANNUITY INSTITUTION, Loihbury, London.-_-powered by special Act of Parliament, < and S Viet. cap. 92. Subscribed capital. One Million. A list of the proi riätors periodically enrolled In the High Court ef Chancery. MEW SOUTH WALES BRANCH. PATnONS. the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Sydney The Right Reverend th« Lord Bishop of Newcastle The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Melbourne The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Tasmania The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. SYDNEY CoMxiriMc. lev. Robert Allwood; I J. A. Jackson, Esq. Joba Campbell, E»q., J.P. | Robert Tooth, Esq. MEDICAL Oí FICES, B. O'Brien, M.D. AoKNT«, CRAWLEY and SMITH, 286, George-street. N.B.-Assurance« may be effected for any period, from one year to the whole term of life. Premium« may be mode payable quarterly, half-yearly, or annually. The assured do not partid pate in profits, and the premium« are, therefore, fixed upon a very economical seale. , lAH'iuM INSURANCE OFFICE.-Notice i» V_S hereby given that the undersigned have been appointed agents for the abovo Company, and have received instructions to 'sane Policies on specie, produce, or freights, not exceeding in any sat vessel £20,000 on specie, and £15,060 on produce and freight Irom Sydney or Melbourne to Great Britain, India, and China, lad also to take Intercolonial risks. . The Policies will be mode payable, in case of loss, at the option «jf ths assured, as under : In China, by Messr«. Jardine, Matheson, and Co. " London, by Messrs. Matheson and Co. " Calcutta, by Messrs. Jardine, 8kinner, and Co. " Bombay, by Messrs. Remington and Co. " Manilla, hy Mess». B. A. Barrette and Co. " Singapore, by Mesara. John Purvis and Co. And in Sydney by the undersigned. tatst premium per cent, by flnt-clasa vessels ( free from average, unless general). FaoM SYDNEY. t« Great Britain... i percent China . V& . Singapore . i Manila. 2}_ Indi* To Java.3 perçant " Ceylon.1 " " Manritin« .2 ,, California . 1 " South America % " ....... *7% " | tt ooma America To the Cape of Good Hope, 2 per cent. To OR rao* STONEY. (o Port Philip .. 1% per cent. " Do. per steamer 1 " Adelaide. 1] "Ewan River.2 "Launceston .... 1] -Hobart Town... 1 ,, N.B.-Gooda Insured with particular average, from ^tsUpir eut extra. THACKER AND CO., Agents, Ml. George-Street To Auckland ... 1}£ per cent, " Port Nicholsons " " Nelson.3*4 » " Port Cooper... 3 " " Port Otago ... iii » DERWENT AND TAMAR MARINE ASSU- RANCE COMPANY. SYDNEY BOANCH. Office-Patent Slip Wharf, Suasex-etreet. where applications for ti_-t»e will be received. _TOWNS and DARLEY, agents. MONARCH FIR- AND LIFE ASaURANCB COMPANY, of London.-EatabUshed 1835.-The under I have received authority from the, Directors to issue and renew policies at greatly reduced rate» of premium, to which they beg toinvlte the attention of the public, vis. : Premium for 12 On flnt-slasa building», constructed month«, of brtok or «tone, »ni oovered wltn .lates, ule«, or metal .from 2«. Od. to fit. per cent. Second-class Buildings, similarly con- structed with shingled riots .. ... " 3s. 6d. " 9s. " Third olaas inferior buildings. " 8s. Od. " ï»s. " Claims are adjusted, and paid at once in Sydney, for which pur- pose the undersigned are accredited to any extent required. Life lnsuraoees and annuities are likewise completed on the most liberal terms. Policies for Lives signed by three of the Direc- tors in London are at once Issued by the agents without refcrlug to the Head Offlac. Medical Referee-Alfred Roberte, V.«q. Surveyors-Meur«, Downey and Clarke. HEIT and SONS, agent«. No 8, Maconarlo-pl*ce._ ONDON ALLIANCE FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY.-(Purther reduction of 25 per cent, on the former premiums). The undersigned aro prepared to issue Fire Policies at the roduced ratea of premium, namely : On Flrst-clase-risks, from 2s. 31. to 5s. 9d. per oent. per annum. On Second- class ditto, from 3B. 91- to 8s. per cent, per ditto. Third-class ditto (subject to arrangement). Nnn-haiardous good« Insured at the same rates of premium OB the baining« in which they «ro deposited. An extra charge for hasardons good«. Special risks taken by agreement. THACKER and Co., agents. George-street, 22nd De comber. _ JIFE ASSURANCE.-ALLIANCE LIFE AND J FIRE ASSURANCE COMPANY, Bartholomew Lane, ade Established by Act ot Parliament, 1824; Capitel £S, 000,600 Bterling. Samuel Gurney,Esq. Sir Mose« Montefiore, Bart. DixxoToas 9eorge n. Barnett,Esq. SamuelGnrney,jun., aq. Blr B. N. Buxton, Bart.,M.P. John Irving, Esq. Sir R. Campbell, Bart. Louis Lucas, Esq. Sir George Carroll. Thomas Masterman,_»q. The Right Hon. G. R. Dawson Baron L. D. Rothschild, M,P. | Jameu Fletcher, Esq. Sir A.N. DeRothschild.Bart. j Charles ibbes.Esq. Oswald Smith, Esq. William lodstone, Esq. Molvil Wilson, Esa. The undersigned hold a power of Attorney trom the Presidents and Director» o .his Company, and will effect assurance» on approved lives to the extent of £2000 sterling. Claims are settled In the Colony. Agents are is Instructed to notify that in future the Government Stamp Duty payable on life polloies Bhall in all oases be borne by the Company. _ _ WERE AND PRITCHARD. «T.B.-The personal attendance of applicants ia necessary. Offices, Circular Wharf Sydney. LAUNCESTON FIRE AND MARINE INSU- RANCE COMPANY. Capital, £100,000. Established in 1852. Director». . G. Same, Chairman I R. H. M'Kenzio Fawns, Deouty Chairman | George Fisher Robert Pott. Secretary. John Grant Smith Solicitor. Adye Dónalas Marine Surveyor. W. Henniker Banker». Commercial Bank.) at and Marine Surveyor, Hobart Town, J. R. Bateman, \gente at Melbourne, Fallonsteln and M*Kechney. ".Marine Surveyor, ditto, Owen T. Fallenstein. Agents at Geelong, Holmes, White, and Co. Agent at Adélaïde, Frederick Fisher. Marine Surveyor, ditto. Agent at Sydney. Henry Fisher. ¡Marine Surveyor, ditto, Captain Ogllvy. the undersigned bega to notify that he has accepted tb* agency«/ the above Company, at Sydney, and is aow ready te «Sect H AUNE ANO FIRE IXSUOANCXS to any reasonable extent, terms of which may be ascertained on application to HENRY FISHER, 648, George-street Agent for the Launceston Fire and Marine bunnan*« Company. Sjaue.). July 28. __________ ANDRE Wo' celebrated Milk Punch. Apply 411 Bath-terrace, Bourke-«!., Woolloomooloo. Priée reductd.| | "\rOTICB. -AUSTRALIAN AGRICULTURAL li COMPANY-The Australian Agricultural Company have for HALE, by privat« contract, farms and suburban allotments, and .farms containing first-rate alluvial soil In the «. r-r-n'ioncd localities. NEWCASTLE AND PORT BTEPHEJv These lands are open for immediate selection, ai i ,.1._J- of the various lou can he seen at the Company's Office at tfewcaa'lc, ard the central ornoo, Stroud,where every Information can be ob- tained. AT NEWCASTLE.-Town and suburban allotments, and farms, at Iron Bark Hill, well known at the estate of Mr. Flatt, about 5 miles from Newcastle, with frontage to the rlvar Hunter. The rising importance of the port of Newcastle will be fully deve- loped on the completion ef the railway, and the consequent in- creased tramo. AT PORT 8TEPHBNB -Carrington : Town and suburban allotments. Carrington Is dellithtfnlly situated on the north shore of the harbour of Port Stephen», and It distant about 20 miles from Raymond Terrace, and tho same distance from Stroud. Sirona : Town and suburban allotments, and larms containing first-rato alluvial soil, on the banks of the river Karuah, and the Mill Creek. Stroud la the prlitoipat establishment of the Austra- lian Agricultural Company. It possestes s ohurch, school-house, police offioe, three stores, two hotels, and a water mill. It has posts'communication with B>dney four tlmi s a week, and is dis- tant from Raymond Terrace abon. S3 miles, Dungog l8 milos, and Maitland about 45 miles. At Glouot star : Tuwn and suburban allotments In the township recently formed at the junotnro of the New England and Port Macquarie Roadt with that to Stroud. It has a weekly postal commualoatlon with Sydney, the Manclog River, and Fort Macquarie, and Is situated SO miles north or Stroud. A water mill la about to be creeled for th-i convenience of ssttli rs. AT MANNING RIVER.-Several farms or 50 acres each, con- taining first rate alluvial soil, equal to any ia this rising olstrlot. AT BARUINQTON RIVER -Leases of farms for 7, 14, or 21 Î'tars, containing soil of the richest description, and well watered n th« driest tessjn. These farms are situated from 5 to 10 miles from Gloucester. (Signed) MAUCUB F. BROWNRIGG, General Superintendent. A. A. Company's Offise, Stroud, 1st January, 1856. T ONDON PRICE8 ¡-The undersigned bega to JJ 1- vit« the attention of the Lidies sod Gentlemen of Sydney, and from the country, to the greatly reduced undermentioned irloes, which are equal, if nat below, the London charges. Read, and judge for yourself 1 Rings, the large, t lot of every kind and shape imaginable, eom ?eaolng, Colonial gold wedding rings, our own m-nufioluro, Each. from .£0 Ü 6 Ditto ditto keepers, very serviceable. 0 8 6 Gentlemen's gold i lgnet rings . 0 12 6 Ditto ditto, solid . 1 5 0 Ladies' gold fancy rings, set with varie us precious I stones, from . 0 ,0 6 A magnificent lot of ladles'dress lintis, set with pearls, rubies, opal, turquoise, emera'd, diamonds, and other preolons stones,-the prices of which cannot be mentioned without seeing the article. Earrings-of whlth there Is s choleo snd fashionable selection ; the prices or quality ef which osntot be surpassed in the colony ; eonslsUng of, Per pair. Tine gold earring«, tops and dropt, from .£0 10 6 Ditto ditto ditto, large siro, neat patt-rn . 0 17 6 Ditto ditto hoop earrings, ditto . 0 7 6 Ditto ditto ditto, engraved pattern. 0 12 « Ditto ditto, large alas, beat quality. 10 0 Ditto ditto children's ««wires . 0 3 6 Gold lockets of every description, for hair or miniature, Esoh. in great variety, from.,.£0 7 6 Gold watch keys, various retterns, from . 0 6 6 Silver thimbles, all sizes . 0 10 Silver pencil eases, a great variety. 0 16 The pair. Real jet bracelets, the largest stojk la the colony . 0 4 6 The set Gold shirt studs, of various patterns, horn . 0 7 6 Each. Silver shawl brooches. In great variety, f-om. 0 8 6 A most magnificent lot of superior floe gold brooohes, tome Kurltsh and some ooloniat manufacture, of which it would be Impossible to describe the various beautiful derignt, as well as the various prices,-commencing Irosa ten shillings, np to ten pounds. In feet, the whole stock is mest magnificent, and tastefully selected throughout, which can only be appreciated of the supe- rior quality and lu reduced prices on a proper Inspection. Country people can have any of the above goods forwarded as usual, on reotlpt of th« aboveaam-d prices, and payiag the extra expai.se or postase. Don't neglect to copy the address D. MITCH »-LU watchmaker and jeweller, 100, Pitt-street, «ait the Victoria Theatre. _ DEAN'S FURNITURE SALE etill continue». There are remaining a few oholec sideboards and cheffoniers In cedar ; also One set of very mtaslve club or dining room chairs, in leather, reduced from . ...£32 Oto £11 0 Very handsome rosewood chiffonier, glass back aad doors, and marble slab ... ... ... 24 0 14 0 Ditto ditto, ditto ditto.20 0 12 0 Vary handsome gilt frame chimney glass (the largest sise) .45 0 25 0 Fifteen-feet telescope dining table ; oolonlal, with massive legs ... ... ... ... 35 0 21 0 Six solid rosewood drawing-room chtlrs, In green and gold satin damask ... ... ... 21 0 15 0 Masnjfioent mite of rosewood drawiag-room fur- niture, In rich blue and gold s*t!n damask, con- sisting of tête-s-têies, single chairs, and easy chairs .60 0 42 0 Very handsome Spanish mahogany card tables... 6 16 3 10 Colonial cedar pedestal eidoboard, 7 rest long, fitted with cellaret, Ac, and carved back ... 25 0 17 0 Ladies' cedar wardrobes ... ... " 16 0 9 0 Library book eases ... . ... 10 0 6 10 with an lomease variety or othsr descriptions of household fur nttare, bedding, *c, too numerous to mention. As the whole must be cleared out by the middle or February, purchasers will he liberally dealt with. tST Mark the address-DRAN'd, Market-street. IRON BEDSTEADS, Mattresses, and Palliasses. Remember 1 the best assortment, and the cheapest prices, are to be round at tha Sydney Bedstead and Bedding Warehouse, 415, George-street, near Bathurst- strcet, A M BRI CAN AGRICULTURAL IMPLE J\\_ M EN IS.-For BALE by the undersigned, \Vlnnowlng machines Chaff outters Garden engines Sugar, oom, and coffee mills Cheese furnaces, presses, and toops Two-horre power threshing machines One-dltte ditto Corn and cob crusher, for grinding the cob with the maire Spring-tooth horse rakes Manj's Imperial mowers snd reapers. The most successful machine at the late French Exhibition. WILKINSON, BROTHERS, ai.d CO., Walker's Wharf ; or JOEL JOSEPHS, at their late premises, Maequarlr-plaee._ OATS, ex Saga, from Copenhagen, 10.0UO bushels prime Danish Oats for SALE, by FISCHER, TANGE, and CO, 219, George-etrte', SHERRY WINES.-The undersigned have for SALE at their stores a few parcels of Burden's superior brand of first and second class pale sherries, la hogsheads, quarters, and octaves. Specially selected for this market, and which they are disposed to offer at a ahads under current ratet. In order to close the shipments. GEORGE A. LLOYD aad CO., Counting-house, 213, George-etrcoL, ?BRUT1AN GUANO for SALE. Apply to CRAWLEY and 8M1TH. SARSAPARILLA.-The original Dr. Townsends Sarsaparilla may he bad wholesale of the undersigned, sole agents snd retail or most chemists throughout the colony MACNAB, BROTHERS, and CO., Macquarle- place._ B ASS'S No. 3 Burton Ale for BALE. THACKER and CO., George-street. UNIZ'S PATENT SHEATHING METAL. Sires, l8, 20, 22, and 24 ex., about 5 tons for SALE, by GB A. LLOYD and CO. Couatln-ghouse, 213, George street. M AIZB THRASHERS.-This Machine will thrash 150 bushels per dav. SAMUEL HEBBLEWHITE, Yerk-st ON SALE, the Berth Fittings and Surplus Stores of the ship BEE. lying at Moore's Wharf. Apply to Captain RAISBECK, on board; or te BRIERLEY, DEAN, ana CO., Sussex-street. f/*OR SALE, by private contraot, a Two-atoned ' House, elicibly situated on tbe Riley Estate, yielding a weekly rental of £3 10s. For terms, and all other particulars apply to WILLIAM ROBERTS, solicitor, 126, King-street, Sydney. F Olí SALE, a desirable Family Residence, in Crown-street, Surry Hull (at present oocupied by Mr. Charles Mitcholl) containing seven rooms, store snd pantry dc taohed. well of water, good yard, stable, coach-house, and large paddock. The house Is in excellent repair, and postesslen can bo given on an early day. Apply to ALFRED MITCHELL, Bridge street. O BE DISPOSED OF, the Unespired Lease of a Bake r's Shop, in a first-rato situation, together with fix- tures and baki o g Implements complete. Rent low. For particu- lars and terms apply 43, Goulburn-strect. _ WANT AND TEMPEST have on hand, Cart barnes, felling axes Shingling hatches, T hinges Locks, tacks, nails of all descriptions Horse hobble chains Bullock hobble chains Horse-shoes, hollow-ware Saws of all descriptions Bullock bells, sheep bells , Pocket and table cutlery Tinned Iron wash basins Ditto milk dishes Ditto fryingpan« Japanned ernet frames Claw hatchets, wedge axes Felling axes, picks and handles Cross-cut saws and handles Pit taws, files, *c. Wove wire dish covers And a general assortment of ironmongery suitable for country stores, &o.; At their Stores, Pltt-stree North, opposite Qneen's place. TJiOR SALE, at the Stores of the under Wôolbagglng, 27 inohes ; three-bushel bags ; woolpacks, 10 lbs. sail and tent canvas ; dray covers Candle cotton Barrett's anchor brand tobacco, In bond [¡4 tierces) Hill and Jones' bleoulta (mixed, machín», pio-nlo, and dessert) Sherries, in wood ; cass brandy, and L jwndes* old tom (duty paid) Loir sugar: jams; Albert's sardines Oilmen', stores, a general assortment ; draught ale, in hogsheads Liverpool salt ,, , Invoices of drapery, silks. &c.; ; seasonable slops Ditto superfine broad cloths and doeskins ; fanoy ditto Brook's royal pstcnt Exhibition prize thread Marrett!'« nonpareil cider, In 1 dozen cases ... . Workboxes ; moderator lamps, in great variety ; brusaware, and fanoy goods Looking glassis : Dresden ware Gentlemen's «rfladl»' desk, and ^/^gg* A(a Md ca JUST LANDED, and on SALE at the Sydney Bedstead and Beddies; Warehouse, 415, George-street, near tsathurst-street. _ , , , M American Chairs, ia 1 doten caaes Wood seats, ta. each Cane teats. 7s. 6d. each American Rocking Chairs Cane seats, 21s. 6d. etea Cane seats and backs, 80s. each American Clocks, from 17s. 6d, each Clothes Pegs, In 6 gross boxes, 2s. per gross Americas Buckets, 2s, each. A PPMITEAND DIGB8TION IMPROVED. /__ LEA asd PERRINS' Celebrated Worcestershire Bane» tipari« tho moat exquisite rollah to every variety ef diah. and, by ita tonic and invigorating properties, enables the stomach to per- fectly digest the rood. Tho habitual nae of this aaaoe baa bata found most conducive to health. Sold by the principal dealers in sauce« universally. Wholesale and for exportation by the proprietor«, LEA and PERRIN'6, 68, ' Broad-street, Worce«ter, and 19, Fenohurch-Btreet, London. Also CROSSE and BLACKWELL, and Owher oilmen and merchant«, London._ URNI8HING IRONMONGERY. Many partie« are prevented from visiting the establishment to undorsigned by the idea that the chargea aro high. How- ever well they may have merited that la bygone days, they can honestly assure the public tbo opposite le now the case. They have lately paid Increased attention to this department cf their business, and the consequence Is, it has increased beyond their most sanguine expectations,-they attribute this to the fact of their Importing direct from the the moat emlnemmanufasturer» in England their best gooda and neweat dtslgsB, and selling them at the lowest rate of profit, together with tbo increased facility their new «how-room« alford for their display, combined with civility and prompt attention to customers. They subjoin an outline of their furnishing «took : PLATED O )OD3. Cnaaber, pillar, and piano candle» t loka; annfrers, trays, dish cover«, plate covers, soup tureens, side dishes, waiter«, cake, card, and bread baskets, butter, coolere ; tea and coffee pots, ditto in set« ; egg, pickle, cruet, and liquor stand« ; «alt, mustard, egg ; tea, dessert, table, and gravy spoom ; soup, «ance, and toddy ladles ; pickle, dessert, and table fork« ; fish «lice« and fork«, toastracks, naterock«, pocket communion tervicee, wine strainers. Arc, Sec. i JAPANNED GOODS. Toilet furniture of every description ; some of the mott beauti- ful designs ever sent to the colony-the result of our great Exhibition. Children's taper, «ponging, foot, hip, and shower bath«. TRAYS. TIIAYB-A beautiful assortment from ten «hillings to ten guinea« per act. Some of these tray« are exquisite, the flowers being hand-painted. The manufacturer« of theae gooda employ a number of respectable ladies, whose talents for painting were onoa cultivated »a an accomplishment, but aro now, owing to misfor- tune, the moana of their subsistence. Coal vise« ; knife, fork, and .poon tray« ; candlesticks ; cash, deed, sad «pice boxe« ; toa and ?ngar canisters, post and delivery raok«, toactiacks, nursery lamps, date dial«, knife solder«, lantern«, Ac. PLANIBHED GOOD8. A fino assortment of dish cover«, both with aad without plated handles ; soup tureens, bottle jack screens, vegetable and side dishes, tea and coffee pots, tea kettles, etnas, bed pans, flour dredgor«,candleetlok»; wine, grury, and gruel «trainer« ; Jelly and Çadding mould», patty pans, skimmer» »lice», ladies, anncls, te, «re. BRITANNIA-METAL GOODS. L and.Co.'a stock of tea and coffee pots ia certainly the finest ever seen in the colony, comprising every quality and pattern ; dish covers, plated handles; kettles on stand«, soup tureens, steak, and aide dishes, hot-water plates, candlestick«, Inkstands ; pepper», ?alts, and mustards; funnels, spirit and beer measures, toaetreek«; salt, mustard, tea, desert, and table spoons hot water and mil* jugs, snuffers and tray«, cruet stands, io., Ac NICKEL SILVER. Bait, mustard, egg, tea, dessert, table, and gravy spoon«'; turesd, fiddle, and King'« pattern ; dessert and table folk«, in ditto. American and Eng'ish tallow lamps, handsome pedestal solar lamps, rsading lamps, cabin lamps, hall lamp«, nursery lamp«, 3, 4, and 6 burner hangln? lamp«, back and bracket l-mps, cnamocr solar lamps, and 6, 8, and 12 light chandeliers BEDSTEADS. Single and double half-tester, tent, and four-post bedsteads, «hlld'a «wing cots, cribs, and bedsteads ; four-post bras« bedsteads folding bedsteads, assorted patters« ; ehalr bediteada. CUTLERY. I. and Co. sre determined to keep np their réputation for good cutlery. Tfasir atsck at present embrace« every variety, BRONZED DISH COVER8. This ia quite a new ertiole, btiatlfully got np, both with aad without plated handle» ; and Its advantage constate in its being so easily cleaned, damp cloth la all that is required ; also, bronsed tea!and coffee urn«, kettle« on stands, Ac BRASS AND LACQUERED GOOD". Cúrtala bands, a beautiful assortment, with or without »pal and Parian flower« ; cornice end« ; taper stands ; piano candlesticks ; Pssrnometers ; tea bell» ; toddy and tea keltic» ; kettles on stands ; chamber and table candlestick« ; snuffers and tray« ; bottlo jocks ; fender« ; fire braue« ; Salter'« balances, Ac, Ac COPPER GOODS. Preserving put« ; tea kettles ; spirit measure« ; funnels ; «cale« fountains, Ac. BRUSHWAEE. Hair, hat, clothes, crumb, plate, noll, tooth, shaving, iboe, «crabbing, and banister brushes ; bair brooms, Ac SUNDRIE8. To givs a list af sundry artiole« in our furnishing stock, would fill the Berala. The undersigned cannot «toop to puff or quote prices, but are anxious to remove any impression that they are a dear house, but on the contrary keep an extenalre »lock of first-class goods, and from the extent of their trade are enabled to furnish Stem at a «light advance on English prices. IREDALE and CO., iron merchant« aad general ironmonger», George-atreet, opposite the Market-Established 1820. QN SALE by the undersigned, ex Lady Hodg klaaon, Gipsy Queen, Ellenborough, Prince of Wales, and La Mogue : Anvils, assorted weights Felling-sxe handle« Horseshoes Hay and dung forks B. Y. «loklea Scjthes HoM Hay knives Pelling axe«, various qualities Bastard bellows Broad Kent axes B. M. tea and « T.-e pots Pickaxe« Japanned tray« Bivettiag, shingling, and Kent Hollow ware, in casks, assorted hämmere Table and pecket eutlsry Shingling hatohets Chisel«, firmer and «octet Carpenters' and shipwrights' - Hall Btovea adata Forster'« spade«, «Ire* D.tto ru'e-, 2 and 4 fold Tinware, ke tie«, candlestick«, Brace« and bits milk dishes, prospecting Plane."-amooh. jack, trying, pana,Ac. plough, O.G., bead, and Copper tea kettle« and eplrit Alister measure« Seokeshaves Patent weighing machine« Screw auger«, eommon and «eat Counter ditto, copper and tin Glue, In «mall cask« scoop« Lead piping, 14 to 1 inch Tinmen'« fittings Copper and brass sheets Grain and ingot tin Cornice rings, lacquered and Tin plates, IXX mahogany Brass cock« Bra» and bronze door knookors Iron wire, assorted number» "3 Curtain bands, assorted Wove machine wire for b!i»d« Tallow lamps, and glasse» com. police handcuff« piste Hame« Imitation rim locks Japanned bucket« Carpenter's patent ditto File« Iron bedstead«, assorted sine«, Horse nail« Whitfield'« Lath nail* Folding «trewhers Kent's patent knife cleaner« Chaff cutter«, Ransome'« patent Copying presses, complete and Samuelaon'« Beer engines, 4-motlon, com Mlnle rifles plete Gnns, single and double Enamelled hand bowl«, dinner U.S. oro<s-cut, circular, pit, and soup plate« and hand saw« Paints, rid, green, and blue Sheepshear«, Wilkinson'« Invoioea of ssddlery, in great variety, comprising ladlee' and gents' saddles, bridles, and sundries Bartbenware and glassware, comprising nearly every artiole rt quired by the trade. _RABONB, FEEZ, and CO, IO, Maequarie-plece. W FAIRFAX'S Saw Mills, wholesale and , retail timber yard and manufactory of moulding«, doora, «ashes, Frcnoh casement«, oottage windows, and venetian .huttera. The trade supplied with venetian blind and shutter lath. Hard wood and American scantling, and weatherboard. Lath for «late, «bingle, and zinc roofing, 30s. 6d. per 100 feet ; hard wood scantling from l8», per 100 feet. Large assortment of sea- soned cedar. Cedar and deal door« and sashes in stock, and made tu order. Dowling-strect Wharf, Woolloomooloo. BOO IS AND SHOES.-Now landing, ex Plan- taganet, Gladiator, African, and Oliver Cromwell, two hun- dred trunk« and cue« of boots and shoe« and leather, from the best manufacturers in England, comprising Gents' patent dress, long and ebor; wellingtons Ditto enamalled hide ditto Ditto ditto napoleon» Ditto ditto antigropolia Ditto light and stout ca'f wellingtons Ditto ditto prince's ditto , Ditto patent golOBhed elsBtio side boots Ditto Oxford shoes Ditto Paris boots Ditto Balmoral ditto Ditto oilf bluoher boot« . , Ditto nailed ditto Ladies' morocco and kid boots, military bet!« Ditto eloslio side boots Ditto oachmere adelaide ditto Ditto cloth boots, will«, goloshed ' " Ditto patent calf and seal shoes Ditto black, bronze, and white kid shoes Ditto black and bronzo morocco shoes Ladies' lasting ditto Ditto leather shoes, deuble and single soles Women's leather boot«, ditto Girls' and caohmere boot«, elastic «.des ' ' Ditto cloth ditto Ditto eoloured boots Ditto leather ditto Ditto patent calf Bhoes Sitt coloured ditto Ditto doable sole leather shoe» Youth»' and beys' short Wellingtons Ditto blucher boots ' Ditto Oxford shoe« Berlin and carpet slippers Kean and buff ditto ' ' Patent albert and plush ditto. Also Î' Best Bordeaux calf skin« Ditto ditto patent calf skins Ditto coloured roan» ditto ' Ditto white »beep ditto Ditto eeal binding ditto Von tri sol and Charsun's best long bents Ditto ditto ditto short ditto Ditto ditto ditto grafts. VICKERY, BROTHERS, wholesale boot and shoe manulae terer« and importers, No. 8, Barrack-street, Sydney. Colonial mode boots and «hoes always on hand, in large quan- tities. HARDWOOD ! Hardwood ! ! Hardwood ! ! '.-To Builders, Contractors, and other«.-The undersigned is reidy to supply orders for hardwood timber (without reference to dimensions) for the largest description of building«, either «awn or bown. Has a largo quantity of shingli ? on hand, the cheapest in the market; lath«, palings, &c; Order« roceived for any descrip- tion of Umber, and the supply guaranteed with punctuality and dispatob. J. BROWN, timber merchant, Market Wharf. F OR S A L E, ex James Booth - New Kent hop« Essence lemon Case brandy Lowndes* old tom Ncgrohesd tobacco GEORGE A. LLOYD and CO. Coanting-bouso, 218, George-street. _^^^ 'TOBACCO. - For SALE by CRAWLEY and I SMITH, 286, George-atreec. Barrett Eagle Shellard Kerr C.H.S. Wellington And other brands. _ BANGOS; BLATB». 24 a 12 32X12 »x1» ,_ Now landed, at the Fleur Company'» Wharf, .'or SALE cheap, la lot« to euit bayer*. / I 