^ CI I ?TEAM TO 'IELBOURNE. ; M ST~lI .The new swlft Steamer, .. G GELONG. Leavec for Melbourne, Every Day, ( Sundays excepted) nt two o'clock, p.m, returning r eim)elbo5rne everymornlng at o'clock. And th clfavorite steanm r . pRI5NCE AL BERT Leaves for 3lelbourne every Tuerday.Tlhursday nid Saturday, at half-ptast I o'Clock, returning niter l ste days o t t le sam e hour. Freight 15sper ton. TlIO3 AS s& ,'WILLI[AM, Gelong. -, TE "CITIZE," JoltuiM'Lcin, '/ ' iA c .commandaer wll cont nue tier t a. as usual, Iraving Geelong \- every t lionday, WVrnesday, aaot Fridav, at tItll:-pat Eleven, and Aelbourno alter atei days at the atno ihour. Iy' F?X1 j::-- A . d Saloon .a.................. 12 0 Fore Cabin ....... ............ a 'rel. ht ..... . ... 15 tier ton. WILLIAAM TBRYAN & CO., Agents, H Marlet Square. \- ou. t --Alteatin of Time ofStrttig \--Tth new aat nd powerful screw I Wa. Tm'rer, commander, will leave thile Wtlanrt for 'telo.aurnr. Tueoday, nLd Friday SoTrnin, at a am .: retlarting flro l Melbornc Wednelay, ann' Saturdsy o| 4 P.m. Freight at Current rates. Apply to Captain TllRlNE, oi board, taooraboa newPIE a rr steamer, PA.a T E EXPIIESS, will rleave tlr tluren'r lltrf. Melbourne, every Tuoiday andt Friday, at 4 p.m J. & D. PARlTER &. Co. IrTOBIRT TOWN via tlton .L. ceston - Thi T.nunreetor iS.N.Co's. boat leave ttI Qlleen' Wllarf, telboorne, regularly as under I r aity lrd 2nv . ld . 2thnt l, eacht month. ...... ~an, Eth. I ith 211th (o par sisgrs for lobart Town can be booiked troulltper Ltord's Day Coachl, at tihe followlle fareea- L d Cabin asange and Intelie sat In roach, from ?tlrlbourine to loioart rtown ... 7 0 o do andit outside sat do - .. 6 7 Sieertge dodo at ... . 4 . For frel tit or gtntro tpty to WILLY.1n L ,Ban'lrdiet: y. CO 97, Great ColUina-street weet, tIelbourne. SWANSIST o N, WVIT , &h; e STpVtcNS, a Geelong EG UL AbIt Weckly Cam munlention with?lairrnadli ...bool. Port Fair, nnl Portland.- The foot abt favourito screw stre " TI IDmer c t N, teamer 305 tons, ior? ee oer, Froan tey m rail maaner leaves ttie o ati lwa I tler aSir enl.or the i?h_"'?, noon at haif-pay lit at rth .... .. Iof A?sve ports every Fdnt. y tatl lirtter note. areafnoeit f0om caien forardeitd at erip'rs ex ndd on Ford. r . In Baile lilridoA nts. lsian bTe0 New Io land. riThe undey n Fro day aaol Goa re y t Stilt ethinoi. v t o to. t it EI' u rn Co., i li pa~Ittle taep instreet ourt. I OTICE.-SAN DiN, Steamer from Geelong. evrry morning ate at a o clock treeli , and ti r an t ' f andirlin cesoltway s ier evler nllfer .ie. oontti olknial Pro old ooln rscral for cabidn and I teeraie n aecngeri pro Idecd on board. W nd- t. FAtre, Agenta. _'hTACe, Nvew Zlallnd.- The utnder or Kilneitllnav i he oinbppotrtedbyth e ' Praovisonal overat iet tOf" to t no tnlmtitaioa Agetai iN oSLurntae, will fournist prttes, caollt at otst, otitn it r ifoi tloe, wtht a summary af the land negalatioiaO and statistic" of tih 1promaresr also, eucrl ottier Info r lurnei tonr Ot goi. v r ondo tirect-To reaii aN E i ively lot Stlnort, tile spldld encow A river buialt llntin, ro Xailaflt CATtS, nn At far thirteec yeors, John Adams, rommander, 1121 tore per register. Tille vessel torma one of the lessrs tre rrcn'as m nirfent tflet, so well-hkiaow for the excellency of their arrommoitatletq IntendiitP passengeritrr-ill t do well to Inapeet tuba noble suti, In wvhich eirery comfort ts provided. A toat wilil be Ia attendaonce to convyparties to and from tie vessel: orders for whlclh bil he given on application at the offlice of the undersigned. The rates of paessage are ss follows:- ChIefCobinl. by specal aegreement. Intermelate ... ... ... £35 Steeoruage ... 25 icluding a litberal dietary. For terms of firccit or passage. pnlyo to DALGETY, IBB, 'AON Co. )ILACK BALL. IINE.-Royval Mail J.) Clipper Packets.--lThe ownrs of tlsie celehrarted tlille having contractred wit lier S'ojesty'a Government to carry thle mails between .England anit Australia, thile follow tnsgdr other clipper pack.ts, will be despatchei as FRom LivreRPi.. Register. Captatins. rlt55. Marco Polo ................. 16045 Wild April 5t tonald 3'Kay ............ 100 Warner Slay 5th Chlamplon of the Seas... 2?M. Newrlanda July 5th, James Baes ............... 20 MI'Donuiell Aug. tlth Lightlning .................. 2O3 Enright Sept 5th Boomerang .................. 1tR2 BrowU Oct. 5th blarco Polo.................. W6' IG Aild aov. 5th Donald I'Kay ............ 2600 WVarner Dec. 5th F0o.a ttci oraiei., With tile return mail, on or about the 10th ofeach Month, or such other day as may be appointed By tile Colonial CGovcrnment. These vessels areeonstrutedly tIe first bulhlderso the dav, inclutling 3'Kay of oolton, andl Itall of Abordoen. As pasrenere conveyances, they tave earned tile reputation ofbeinf thle best managed line of sllips loat for pun-tuality In sailing, rapid passagei , and a erlo eecoamodiot iion. ptoagesr from Enaltnt to Auatralla.-Paseat.eer - float can be obtlltined from tile undersignooA tby persons desirous of getting tlhelr friendlo out to these olonies frolm any part a Great Britain or Irelandl, and tlhyean calculate upon being joilid here Ity theIr rlends within six monthis fro tile timoe oa wrlting. IRemlttancer--Smins of money for outfit, &c.;, can be transmitted tlhroug thie undersligned, who rant drhitt at sight payhblo in any town ill Great Urtairl or Ireland. Exprera and Forwardling Department.-Aon ax precs will be made up by echil ofthte- Otitell ant gold, specie, and parcels forwivarditd tlroglh tIle onwrrStresirs Jamei Usitores Co. of LlrTrpool or any'place fit Great Britain, tie Continhent 0o Europe, an tilie Cultiv t d Sttolp of Amerlca. importers will inrd it to their advutague to direct the atteition of tlleir alelina in -England to tills line. as tile to?t terft'ct arrlgelnieit llhave been made by irssero James talllie anid Co., for reci-. Ing and Shiplfig goods b)y tile regular anoonthly mali packlets. Slippcra of Coloaial Produce, Gold, Wool, Tallow Oil, ac, will percrlvte tile avantage to be derived trom a line of fat.-aitling clippers desatrelled regaularly, and withl tile punt whcll (heharn terlses thld anti 1b wlhic the rates f freight will oly hbe tile Pame as by otllher frtat Clasa slhlps. For freight, rassare, and othller informatlon, a lyto blAACl.AY, BAINES . Co., ilal o Caommerce, Collinito.triet. west, 31tii.hvle. Or to F. IBAUER, 1larle-street, GKKIcrci. ?OR LONDON DIRECT.-The A t NI}-~pn 1p I NITY 742 ton reotfter, j2-)o tom u Phllllp Sayerr, commandter, alving all hrr woo enagkedwl o all t from ltobmnue liny, on tile 5th 15ebr auary. IMO Ihis splendiod shitp crries nlrt raotin poosoenfeot onnyntt few opportuniteo Itr Inmillic preeeedltnr toel.nnglo d eqrual Ithe preetet, opeed ntot comfort being bloth~ aecured. Goltt weCighed by ppoinltmtnt t any of tile laonS, In oeelong. Apply to J.lS. IIENf'rY A Co., O Little Mlnopotret, Enast. 15th Janunry, 1?7r. 'OR Fright or Charter.-Thte flo J toft saIling tchooner " Vibhlllia, 121 tons fit to go to tety port of tho. world.--For ttrmstptlY to OGILVIE o t. tI tRONSON, Moornbool-Otreet. 10owners otloig2ters.--- Wante1 to Ipurehlase, or hire irmmedltely, IRon IOto2? ou?n Carm llnlcatlon? to re ad_ o drested to WII.LItAM 't'ISTOY lL V~'c orla Htotl tlarkletosqnoar, OCellonf. L+-- v IACK all Line of Blrilishl and 13aC Aus trlnFo Uo nll VnelPcts.- ? For I.rlrool direct, to i llol, Iho Lightnlng.--' hl A I clipper snllp II 11 t, It, 3 A 11, . tm0 Ions htrlhenr. Piekrnell, cenInander. .nll be dresptched on h,:ll oct lnuocry, .ltIh her nusoIjye' mail under rccltraet tii dlier thecIn I 5c dlaye. Thlls magniicent Blritiih-bulit chlo I.n c on her nrhlt soynge, id han la.ly arrived, oilter n opid nuimber of pRcengere, enrly uppllentlan 14s cc in?ns of alne mcc l. II, allc rmte c op to0C. ohicnel 10cc 110 IC KAy i n\I~lSl: cml Ce.. llofl oa COnllncreer Jlcihourle" ccr, F. lir fiAll, Ilyrie strcet. GitniOcIg. ~UlT ON 'S 0 IIAhLF.-- BAlLAST e '-Sciith lhlllnar ld clh every des patchi at n1 Icc ldoi. tnput ni lInOdl. WIIAIIFAGEOS.--Ceonlc Wharlg eccammodltlon or vessels retlting or heaving dwclno. OR London Iircci.---To ccil Ilie5ll 'oll Plirglr, thll i well hacn Al Cip S.IIN IIA ii litle tn'lper reglstCr, ler 10ecoiccciamnio lle ' -or rhlicliclli fccrieerii are eaerlleCnti dcccihclertcle, nmcil ontcl hIereOIt 0s O lrsillra hiOi lporoullly fer hliccoenich iOciicgin. lnolie timogr o ce(riecrloi cil ccr c.rgo c~ticgccidc. Foyr criehlt nlod leciee alyW lic DiI.GiTYT, iiiioTeNn, AN ic 10o., .01 ccT, ONDcl.--? sii ilii l-ihii ci.h i" rnnry.--'l'lwA bRfllnt AIIFIIo Fiic'Tci,. Ilncicpcirlhr icioilnllci cil,,n fir " nlin edlllt · n lnlr r it cnltll il padr tlile~r* . PosnoDgninoac~y, 05cc. n ci ly to WPIIACIIAN and CO., or; TIMMIS, WIInON anio CO. Owlong, 11th Januory, 11.0. . ,IHIPS For Sale or Charter. so 'ii ':iwrLs rl lwrm1i begs to inlimate that 1" 0 conscttion weith tile tortne Itlsurance \-- lralh oli ls luslinoes, he Foe mode orrngmeall ifr eflictlively eoorylng on tbhip Iloking ho oll iso IlepartmentO. A complete re eister ot' veseols for olle or ellarter will be kept, trtl evere, Ikchllt nfl'oblret to buyers, edllcrs, or clharterturs, Gl, Collin-s.street weet, Melbourne. E:. CI[ANT SEAMEN'S SIIIP 1 PING OFI''CIL.-- A. FITCIIETT, S.meeou st tilisping alrer l Vctori I~ubolor Monrket, Moarket Siuore, Geloelgi sisamenes supplied at tllu osortelt notice. AIERICAN Cooking Stove, new and im tirov edll t tltrn. for Sole, tIy fUIILING AME: nnid CO., 7i,hlourkec-treel c.st. 3lilbourne. A MERIICAN Cooking Stove Warelhouse.--E. C WHEBLOCK andl CO). (late F. II. floodl) =Irportero ofIliutel, Shlip, Kloeton anoo Paolor Stovea" Itunloae, C rob, ato., 12t Ituecll.stroet. .lclbournc, ANDIEWY A.DKUSoiN, Pianio-forte LMakefr •(formerly of London, bego to Iltmante to the oubtic of Geelong that lie o prepored to undertn. e thle tuning ond reopiring of nIl dtoecriptions oI niono-f'ortes, to., on hoii frItot his blongotetperienp n in oil the bronches oti' thio buoo ines, tht lie will bte fotllli to give cotlefo'oellon to those who may laoutr hilnl ittl their ordero. Adldrest--?. , Little 7lnlop-otreet, eaot. AKENoIDI PADDUCKS, Colac-road. - L'The above etenisve nod nell-wateredoPnd doCko tiotV.lg bet hteld ar ore otoe for tile lost n motnthit ore now ill hplh, ndi conditonll, annd ot ooen for the grzintg oi iloree Stock only durinlt tihe ontiler. Telnn ls per night, or 5s per week, with a reduc tion for longer terieds. t 'r UNtG IROTIERIS, Colaon lRoad. Akenside, Te'nrlt Ponds, 4t._h Decc.hber, 1iSS. ASS O I T E I) Invoice of Sauces. ittLES, KINGTON, and CO., Flilnder-lanlo west, .1elbo tne. A lR0WZ MITIl'S Mlap of the pouth looternt Provinees of A?tralla, corrected o 1855. Moulted on rollers, and varnishlc Sioer ic, S inebO s 5 lers t r5 Inchest l'rlte, £t. For tile convenieoc of settlers and travellers,the ntoce unrivllRed hoop Is nano dolloupin cnaeo, price £5. tnhplctiono respecttully tollitcid at SANDS nnd I(EN2?Y.-' Victoria Stationery Wa'relloure, 3?,Colo li-no-olret, .lelbourtie; or fIIIOMLAS Sltu\toN. 4tatloiner, .loorabhol-btreet, Gvclonig, I)ARtAitOOL Water Mills.--'o the neigh ) Soring Agericultaurits, Corn Factors, and others eeqsniringo hleoat G round. tihe uandergltned hoc inluch pleasnre in tnforming FPsrers, Corn Dealers, onsi ttle olsbo generally, thot tile New Water Mil, at isuehley's Falle, on tite linrwon Rliver. is nstv ready to grind wtheat at thle soaest rote. l'lsc advantages tlat this mill wit afford to the FPlessoe,. t:., tcquiro Lao tc te eesn to be duly os' The grcactst cgros wilt be oocevaed to give cus tomers Oirat qlsaiity floor ltr a -oatd-samsl o ol weheat. Furoerss in tile torrnbool ltills dlsticet wltsting to makoe tiattdrat ansi thle ottcr dtiggings their rE:!.;ttB'L'E "rositg ot tlhe Falts leadlig to Fyatno' Fr oatL will tind tite dictlncelt mtlne scarer thots by wvo of Gtelontotgver ttre iontoon Bridge.! thlus nli'orltrtg to tIhem tihe very grest ad vantogto of a tIto'a dtllf'reoce its etrtnge.anmtl wil will prove alioe helfitlclaL to tite bakers, store h:eePoroi te., as, osnd the cartero to tile gold fieblsi. " Gcelot-Cero Fnotors wsillalso find it very on vcttient, 'it toeilnsg sttite close to thle llalhorat raod, bys OyofFyatn Ftort. Cishallowilibe tt ttul sold at n owfigiaure. t1oct extensive ataratge aecommodatltoll. For fttrthler portieo:tars app-ly at tite 5511n or at tite reoidlestce at Johtn ltlgh ;ta, Esq., ott thoe'larra heel llillJ. hIttisEI5ICK C. MEORRY. B s) EIT t EAiDS-BUDTEAIS--BhIISTEA DS \- Tiet largetand cllta eel otock of Iron te sd. Steado, ompsrising every size, pattern, gnid color, on sale by the nstderoiilted, T. IIA\WKES, Sl.O, M5rerr-street. B ATEsF1, S0ORD RACES.-- 'ro conte off at ttse Toll finr Ilotel. on MIonday, tile l2st instasnt. Tile follotwing gentlemrn bate msde arrasngeentc to t ane onSottrr mtcth:- £10Uecht Tills race assot tile neat is open to aln" horses in tilet Geclotg district. Any gcntlemnn wittintog o rater for llese rctsn muet nlhuk apali atloion tos dtit5 preciuas to Mir. iteilly Llotion Cassel lintel, Getlonfi or .tr. Kellty Toll B0a Stotelt,?ltetlord. iThe fostllowing are tte entries: Str. Proctor's Von Treomp ,Mr. Stout's llelton. tilly lr. Simltldee' Coy Ladiy Str. Fotllll's Freclholer lr. l'altbtl's tOMold of tile tIoct M1r. Ksitly'O fouovnlr lIr. Kelly's G;rryowen. ltests--Miloe antd i1Ol h lSld a diotance, welgllt \- OsLone. SessSis Sleco.?'o RxcE. Tile Gnarrotwen ctti tor nil heorses and mrnes. Tile scinoer of tile tlhove rtre to carry 41bs estes. -lltllnee, e5 ench. s lIe o0ner of Gnrryoacen wlls ststl £5 in notdltlon ts tile etaohes. TlllltDl IIxrr'. O'Tol ll nar pur- onf 012. tlttis and a hlfnt htelS. Welitot. to stone. Tisle winter of any ofthte nba....er..t..eo to :lc b?rry lhnL A Stecpt Clloe.--'lte Farmers' Soag of £20 for a steetle 1tne for allt orses. Two mile heats. Gcntlemen's SBridlo and Snddle. Open to alt horses. t.S.--Tha members of tise turf are invited to at iend thtese raeoe e s tile ttcwarotd t td judiges will not he atopointed untl tUley" meet on tit, couree. Mln. SatTflIMOW'S, \- • ecretnre. BAGATELLE.--l.agtelle Table' on sale, or madeo to order, at David Johnson's, 13"2, luasspll-street. Melbourne. Ordera iroi the country attended to at once. 3UILDING IMatenals on Sale by the undcr Englist andi American doors, niashes, with or without franoes, mouldingp, skirtings, Ac. Flooring. naltic or American, from f to 1K, In red, weleiir. yllow, ntl pitcl pline Deal'. otlld anlcnlt, rned. yrllowronti wlhite Weatherboards, , ,rterin c. The above odslltbeniog kept in slheds, are dry, and light hir corrat'. E ITSND \WI:STItY andl Co., Great Collins Otreot Eat and Flindtcr La?.e VWest, Melbourne. /iIIlEiP Clotlingi anld D)rapery Wariehouse, t aldop.strlot, Ilrt olhto from Srtorket-Square.- JAM,'r 3. A l,,o, oVO thotIOale nond leItnail rnpper, 3 Ord 5 t.lop-untr'l, biog n 1respectlldy to call t rall'y potro?otid i lb eoltltlollelllt slnlee his comn I ootlcement tl tOsilrx es to thl fact of Ilio laerno reFelved lanrgi alddttio , nto BIs etk of New anr Cheap Gosdo.(is tooI 11. 1t I at po04titoll to sell at as lowot Ufttgue n0ý 015 t1ooo o ll t'olonge tt. ha l re Oceverd otveral rtme rkably chleap lots, to whtcll teoo direc? spectlal atttrtion : lre re0, t'r 5Sm, poooIttively worth Ds ot I)o doI to Gd, Iwell ortth l t Gd Iteol trench do liote W , Is 3o, worot It 01, Lades' ' mbroldered pocket handkerchefos, d, wortl 2s Cd Good aprt coloured prints, from 41d per yrd Loades' oun bonnets, well made, only 2.; worth 38 A large quantity of embrolderedl tmouslin Ioy00' otran hots, trintntetd oend Is each A large lot of lftooi,' pliltn and ft"cy bln nets. soloe boautllu stytles. 2s nnodi2 d o0 oairs oleon's moleskin and woollen cord trow*cr, 200 dnzeot cltton half ho0e ftom 4s od pet dozent Flannoel, blaokets, and sheetings,oat very moderate price'. Observe toe oluldres--Next shop to Sir Wood:: satlo.-street lead Alarket-square. ONGI(EU.fAT.IONALISI in Iallarat - At t m ee ting of fri ldo Ill n at the hou se of .Mr. Clark. grocer, Main toad, lholarat, on 'Tueatlny rcanlng, Jan. 15, boMS, the tev. Mlr. AIpeerlyf Geelong. in the choir, it wan rasolved unanlo nots~ly- m, thnt the foIlloinf gentlemeln form a committee or mthe porpfo o tan prot lihlto ry stc.ip fir tha orrctlirto oogigargtiontL Chnpc' at Ilolarat. until a church bi tirlneto according to tihe uoago Sogregtiol . L iy.; - cynrs. tele. m eet tm o r ron St ewr c o per1 Ill , lC c eT Clnrk, entd Cathi." iTo follo wloinga mou nl owere t ektm oblcrihb d for -lrom l ei0: ili P or., 1.10; Mr Allen. jIo. Bto nratC--o r Clark, 1,10: -i Catller., 1.5 " C . S te wart ; L ; W iloi am C ur i sa . 1. 5; Rl obert ,?tor'n& LI; M, lortgnn, LI; - I.yona, Li; NLrc. stewirt, L1. L'ollecting carls were then dlitrlbitird to thi eontlnltte--ltho anme to hrturnmel on Turdnay evening,. Jan. 29, on which tilght thu cominitte? meet again. liy orlrr nf tile committee, JOHNi CrTIuIT. • ?eeretnry. 7TUW---E O N £ S A C T S. S" ' On"' h c nro oof SCAB IN SIIEEP Asni nolhr CutnueouO DfscSrcO, Jo. To er lond of John Christinn Lyons, Mnnnibo* uring terlnet, 0., 115 iia, i ghtoh ut r oppoto ost -oinl o eLo ltb.clo d nck nt hi t dira sp en oary ando old established Drug Store, tlgllh-stroet, jIA ItlEItS' AR3IS, Coidlroy l.rhsgo. ; Jones nnd 31ewoy IhIstin obtain)ed a lonsO tor Itho ntoveO.lntnttt inn, Ihug to nequnlnt their Iriolldt ntli t1h tItbtli In 'gnertl--tlt cnrrlr illn lorto eulr--thit Itotl bt tooeir constint study to ,onostnO cotliort attd ie lronrY. Piteor wlnro anlld : I rttitiitO w iotstlld srcotd to stotto in the colony. N.li.--Good Stallting. (,UONOIi1 loo t.- toi.- anti raoypalr a? , PATERSON'S I1ttManict? tq ro," rtmneratrs asorrtuistd by·1raL nilt Israoetoi,5itnt Aarstmni'ti05 CLoCkt. ?HUCK'd FUiNI'TI?R MANUFACTOIRY \--To resources and facilities posesessed for manufacturing every detcription of UOUSEIIOLD FUSNITURE at t .it eaiblmlimnnto are daily becoming more advantageous, and improvements that may be pre snttd fromn timne to tineu will be ndopted, so as to produce every article at tile lminouln corst, net Ctustry anpet suh g cesloy weith all legitimate traders. T'. Cccs, In rxpresrlng his acknowledgments for tiOe buines il ehitrto lanced in ill quantitis, p ItI personaul attention to all orders witl which 1el m Ly b o tr etted Mbserv TIIUe ,drss--5 nnd 161, nourii e-street, opposite the Eastern Malrkt. lMolirne. Fnactory, utoverle.tret. Northt 3elbourne. Awardl the iarlolibitlonledal for best workman altip. 'itro rlsd by the Covernment, Corporation, iTnevolent and Orphan Asylums, and other insti tutions. Corltry and ethpplng orders executed with do spatch. Terms Cashl. tOALS retailed in any small quantities, at tte rate of 3A nor cwt at No I Jameo-strteot. N..-- Alny prepnaid oroer, Xof not tles than 2 ewt delivered tree oe cartage anywtoer about tonY t or suburbs. (OOAL of beat Quait)y, at a reduced Price. \- Thorne,Kimber, and Co., LaTrobo Terrace, onear the Htaliwny 'Terminrlus. D i i ARTIIUI, 17, Kardlnlia-street, has Rosewood Wofas Waxeloths ,, couclles Do., centro pieees easy chittrs, aitr stating wtit cabrloli and Chair webt turned tegs Curled htir Rosetwood andminhogany Down, ftattor, Ihair, flax, fuootstool and cotton mattreases iron ottomans and pillows , bedsteads Pross cornices Damasks, asorted colors rass potlest, plain and Coburgs, , reeded Cttitttzte. , Pole ecls, rings, brackets Sorttd fringes ,, Eagle orntlnlenls Curtain gimpsa ,, Curtain bands Cllair do Iron stretchers Lace curtains Patoot blind mounting Brotwn tl.eting French rod ends Table covers Sofa and chair springs 3tureon hkins And a general assortment of upholstery trimmings on hanlld. .Mattresses re-made, bed and window curtains fitted up to any design, carpets made and fitted to ruoms. DR MACKIN has removed to 92, Yarra-stireet, It opposite the Weslecyan Chapel. ost Januarv. I56O. D ENHlAM'S SELLUTION; or, the Saints lMelody, Last edition. on sole. THOMAS BROWN, IBookseller, 3Ioora1ol-otreet. -'ISSOLUTION of rartncrshlip.-Notice is J lere:,y given, that the partnership lately eon isting bhrtwern tile underoigned as wine merchantls in tile town of eeltng, in tile colony o" Victoria taOing underthe Oirm of" l ante BrothersTanL Co." wasr uisslsved on tile 15tt stay onJanuary inst. 'ire buslness will teneeturth be earr;cd on by tile Sntersigned. Ctanrle?Nabtc. ate ed Uthin Itn soay af Jinnlursry, Ieo. CIIAS. NANTEsY . G. \I. NANTE T. Vitnsesa--J. ,Martyr, of Geelorg, NOtery tHPubi.i rOUNTAIN OF FiIENDSIIlP I(ITEL. F'ils'onms ia'rren hrvineurceeded in obtan ing a i'ublhtie's generat license tsr the above hotel, situate near Cowir's Lreeb, on tile direct ilte ot' rood to thle far tsmed Stesglitz diggines, Iishisrg laid it ass Oxeellient sleck ot wines. spnirsts sies, ,e.. to cult tsie relost erstittirus. The ihouse hring entireiy sreu witl everry enveniellce,'r. \V. eolietis witt reontidenee tlre iptreossge o the pub ic, asrni particaulrrly that oiris Iriela tihe diggers, sllele tIrey wsill at all tisnoe meet with good nco Oosmnodation and civility at ressortnble charger. ('OR IIIRE, Carriages, Dog Carts, Saddle I lrrse, on reasonable terms. Uison lloist Stables, Malop-street. ZSO. MONTGOERBY. jRUIT. FRUIT. FRUIT. APPLES and PLUMS In any quantity, On Sale, at IAitOdY sod CO.. " Fruit Stare. ~it and 505, ?URNlITURE, London-male---A A"large and v" splendidoAssortment unpacked, and now on • !ow at tile Stores of - TIIOIltNE, KIOIBER & CO., La Trobe Terrace near tile Itaitway Terminu Jh fLrEREB.-- On sale., a large ooaort c mnt of Fiterers.. F. BAUER. -Otyrie-strect, Geelonl. F RE-NCH Printed MIUSLINS and |? "I JACOltETS , amiall assortment Splendid Patterns. now open ng by? it ISOW N, ItiROTItERS, Malop-street. ]IRE PHROOF WROUGHT IRON SAFES, I- suitable for storekeepers, merhtants, or kankers, flttet witts partitions, dcraers, Ae.. wittt patant deitectr locks ncd keys, etc., etc., etc., etl itrtlliant, for sale by ROW , RJPtaop-street. fEORGE MIERGER, WHIIOLESALE AN i ETlL S'ATIAONEI and ACCOUNT tOOK AINUFACTUIEtt. lie does aor profess to sell rimr per cent tuncsa cost price. lieto does so profess to sell at an Ala.ntso sac ttritco lit does not profess t ow to t a o trade tt He doesa not profess to have complete sets of books wlechtare niot to be foau ic stck when asked fort He does not profess to advertise some goods at. low price, adt etlirge tIlglt for otrers 1 lTe ites iot,in otller wort, proleis to Imambug the publlcl Tobi UT, Hte does profess, and will icrove it, that tie is tile Cteapest tncctBeot Stationer and Accom?r- --ooa ltnu cfeturer in Ceelocig. ite does pro:ess to tlave tile nest Stock of Sta tionery, antl to sell at Lower prices ttian any otter tiouee ill GetlongI tie:ctdoec profteos, ancc It is generally ack nowletdged by tile moat competentj udjiee,ttht tie it the Best and Chlleaprt tcucttaeturer of Account iooks itt tue eolon)', cttd tile very tiatndnome eftomoniatl preseented tiim by tile Judgre oaftte eltoourne Exhicbition winllprove tiia satliahctorily. i I prolfeesCo to ocksnoawledge ttiese are "Siard Timest" ancltikat thids etrctcittnet alone ttas eomtnlted tim in order to do busincas- jon?~, To reduce erery article ie trades or manuoai. turtc to tile very loaest paying p Ice. To encuro a continatiton of that liberal patronase bestowed on him, hie will keep. none but tihe , very bert articles, and make up from tie very bestmaterials. TO ktoei sach sn assortment anti enriety at stock, at cucti prices which tie feels eonsdent a discerninig ipubtll cill appreciate. '.ti.--llis sole ihirect being a large trade and net o nett a large profit. O?Kswu--G. MIER~CERI G EELONG antd 2oelboorne Iaihvay Comepay. -Notice It htreby given thtoo a Opocol Gone ral toe.ting of thel h oenldorJ o0 the Geelong no-d Melbourne tiniiwoy Ctmpancy will be hel at tile Companyc' tItlces et Geelong, oil aTIrC,:Sp, the 2'th dlay ol Janoary In~stant, at noon, for tile elec tion ol a l,lrecto0of tile Comcpany in tile pltne or WrI. G. UMoKellr,. ?oq., reigoned. Hloldcrs of tteety tIt.L?, or more ore elttible ta directors. Gentlemen illting to ecree, if olteted, ore retquesed to cotlluntctate with tile Lecretory on or before the J~th tlnlo. Ottarehooldero wit be entitted to voete n respect of their oto:eo, sn followt, tin.: For 3 shares I wote,otod for every ndditional six ttere. one votee; not more t thnt ten vaot to be t llt h any one poeron. Vote mtoy be given by proxy, Iprovidettd te stme person shall not vote no proxy tor ony number of ponrent, wto togetthtr sholl bte tproprietors of ntore thlo 5o00 shares. CltAhtOss a. TItnION, G tttI)S1ONES. - N'ewcastle nold ItilsolCou "from 8 in. to tn. dtamoter at Iluxloy and Parker's, Marble ant Stono Yard, Little Collins° atrt l.nst, ,Melbourne. SEltTiLttILE 00iete, New. lown.-For Sale, Sor to Let for a term, a very convenent 7 rooma Urcek Cottag. wito verandah, Flowesr galetren, it~chetn ditto, and aotl tt yord: n fence divdlnag root,. Atply on thoprotasco to ~tLt. ItOLtlEtO. St! ehold, ter ttberat..., , , . ,• " Janoury 7,1t850. pEORtGE oVUIGIIT,· Auc'roNooonn " 1J U rsrelo , . Cosetolor AsOar., WVest Ityrte- stroet U ehene. · - · ; I ItEAT CLIEARING SALP. of the whole t, 8tac.-ln-Trode.--Tlo tdersigtcrt hoe avntg tletormlned upon r tlritleg from tto-tist bustnes (owing to theor leoaving eetlong), be to stlat the ott Tuot.y tnext. tile i51 Janu , Ilco-t. ,tcneo .Y.e . |ll g o ther large and wl eetdsrc 3r Iht, ep, ho,, h , ebong lmltte to time by other enpogemesttr they ret peeretr to maoke 0 great ascritlec to ectct a reaty olaerttae. No rccoEd prico during sale, attd all casho trns Tetlons. e, 0 T. L. WtIKTINSON, lolt ?lonuofctu rer, . 05, lttooroool.streot. Januaty 11th, 19Ol. N.it Ottbop to lot--nptly to ttle above.o GEIY A, hlatlf titl- wthole easer, .J D It fltIetle, Ddoaot ound Bruce, It9 WllUam-reoet fiOA 0 :A S ]T A En sT GEI LITZ" I.T1 A Conve000nc0erttl start from the acoree htotel. streot Astby, "oitth t'oasengoers only3 every ,.,?ondllt;y,~ ; Wedesayin •frdy I Csvolnr· .tellitz on i rtsrotur.r ,:ued Thisurany, and Snrdny, at 0 o'clockt, am. tLtrp. ' -. GEO.IttO LINDAU. r0olerroprxetor. " G"EELOCG Mrchantics' lnatittate.--Thc Com mfttcc Iave thle satistfacion of announcing that Johlnt Mncadam, Ef~q.. M.D., Lecturer on Natural Shclfae to the S etch Colleirge, Mellourn., ill deliver (in aid of thle luidiog FunId of the nltittlion)i afecture on lereevrerallce dtl Sueeeas in tile tursuit of cience, illuatratedf in tile life and tabours ofir f lumphre;y l)avy;, i tile Town Ilaill, on Wednceday Evening nex, nanaury 23rd. Thlelt cturewllt bho aloeaa2',f a ithl clitemtcl exptirale.... lilarra, d c. lir 3tealalaI ...1 enx hi bit tile fleHtrucailn of a "moatel llllp" by anew ogent proposed to ble employecd tIo ar oerations, tile lict of iwlbc ie:re rPcutltty sahtown at larif, by file Commllllllat ol tile t ou\r. flls Woerthllathe Moyayor lill take the clatir at half-past 7 o'clock. Admtlalon-tmembers anl tadies, is eacth; non memtbera, 24 ccil. I1. W. WItiEATLAND, Secretary. 1 ERiN IIILL.-- For sale by Private Con tract, Mtr Pteet' Cottage and Gardene next to M1r auer't' Vllla retsidence. Apply to J. . Witllis, on thle adfoifnag propertyf or to George Wright, ltyrle-street. .OTEL or htore for the Country.---Iron Storas, vat-oot dimensionsa hlned, flaored, ontd partitioned throughlout witih groaved and tongued ,oards, contracted to be eretetd otl ona of t!le dfgglng-. Ilhna uollf particulars at tile Catron fTlafer Yard, i2, FlndClf.eoane ecat, Mlelbourne. _IOUSFf aud LANI) Ai1ECY 01"IChs--- 22, Great flyrte.otreet, Moat. WVe treef nI free tiefltiofy af Fat-ting landsa, Sfope, Cotatse, oand oilldetr-iptlens of feaf fto- perty both Ior private ale andl to et, futll paxticu lars ofwHldich axe i'rnl~hcd on appllctliois.--leonta colleated. JAMES IIEND?Y ,. CO., Ilaose, andl I.and Acente. Agents to tile I Provident- Infaltute of Victoria" rnad tile "Victoria IFrreetold Lntld Socifty." [_IENe:Y ItEAICE, yau Ctr- rcquir-l to cali lt on yoar brother either at itr Guy ften- cart t' flefon In11, alMaop-etreet, Geelfnog or on 2Cr 51'Larty, Iolokwood. JAMES PEARCFE. F this shold meet the eye ofJoln Foster, n-ed 20 latc of Ln Truoe Tierrace, and wile was lame, ?and wailted on a crutchf, hle will Itar of his fathet-, by writing to tfie cae- of it- Mlftea, Letoen 1NFORM?ATION Wanted of Misa Ann Spelt, • ho came to nl?elbourno about two years ago In tile ship e trathoeldsay. John Spelt, Ship John and Lucy.. Januaryl 6th, 1856. IPItOVED AME!ICAN PASSENGER '·,COACHES, highly- inished, easy and ttght, to carry from nine to eighteen passenairo, manufac tured of guaranteed dolonitl.sencaatd hn.?llstl asil. Can be seen fnisheed and In protereas at \ tllaens's toch factory, 17t, Collint-atreet Eiiat. Melbourne. l aMENSE IR.DUCTION IN THE PIRICE OF S .DDL .-Ce- TheALIUM & aMeIKEZIce Olave received, per late arrivato, some heavy con. eialnteat al tile most eaperior moodt, it the above line, to an eatealt atore settable to tile poot ttantt tile tresent times, and whic, Ibave been ecleated a? thltr predeec?sar Mla Joa31 Cotta, wthoce netl. known prattcal tand colttal experience will be to oll old colonitst, a ult.citent guarantee ot quotlty and suitability. M,'C. b Ml'K. ttovintg ttltd obtained a stock de. idely the heaviesanotrt ao rtrcletel t ill tile oului. re in a poitton ,ltare detcrmned to Istpcl at tile same at price wtlich allo deBi caon. pettlien. S.· The trade supplied. I 'a E !-lce.-tce.--Ice.-The MelBourne Ice Company have tile pltestre of autoleatlnag to the lnbltabittat of GDelong antt adjacentt torns, tnat in conseauette of touch treater encourage meat titln anticipaatd, tilet" tove adtopled tthr tlt lotwing low price, eatticlh thcey tonattelttly believe will plaeo this ma:t necessary article tlthin tho reacth of every citizen. Delivered In eltattcurne, in quantitice. Ocd per lb. OtitLVll. ant ItUtiNeO.e, aAnt.ae TN the Caounty Court of '?rtoll.-titl v. lill. 1 Ft.Fa--Unlesa the above execution be pre viously satisied. a etsaunelt horse, dray, barness, saddle, at., will be told by public atcaion, an ttondnyt the 2tnt Inst., at twe:ve o clock, at White'n Liavry. tablete, Itoch of Cal?het-laee, olf Ilarkel square,tntd behind the ttoctt of Caenlel Iolel. GtiBttltE CIAYMAIOI. Ballfft. JAMES KIWG, late of Glasgow, and more recently of Geelong, is requested to coammunl cate without deloy with iclr cltos, lied Lion Inn, or with the undersigoned, JAMES RATTRAT. ?eelon.g, Jan. 18, 1PS. OSEPII GARIICK, itt thankinog hisi friends J for the three yenre' tbiertl support be has received at tleir htds, bego teaverespectfulty to inform them that ae l orders for CHAIOCOAL Bulloc Loodo Sie Onk Firewood. Directed to Joseph Garltc, care o e r aeorkam, saddler, Ooorabool-street, South Geelong, will meet with dle attention. Nov. 13,tS55. lUST Puhlishedl, price one Shilling, the Geelong n. took Almanac, 1 r0.--PtublHtlled by THOASt lItiOWN, .Sioraool-strcet; and sold by alt Booklsellers. LADIES' Parisian made Boots, satin and kid ltippers . ! Ensmelled leather stippero ? . - Girls' Parisiun made boots joet landed ILtOWlN, IIROTHERS, Slnlop-street. ?E TTS' DIfARIES.--. s Diaes At L. 3ItCCit'51 TO M?LIttltN AMD DRAPE1S. . t RS. ROS, It, yrie Cottage, lyric-street Second Verandah Cottage beyond the Hospital. Millinery of every description made up on the lhortest notice. for tlhe trade only, In the neweat ttyles of Parisian and London fashion. tM . II. ItOUIRKE'S WESTERIN HOTEL * M. SIuEslt-TRSVT, GELOta. Tile Western Hotel it delightfully situated com manding a maInltfcent view of tile bay and ship pnlf; and gentlemrne r ftamlles visiting Geelong. wtlian everv respect tlnd this the most eomtortable and convfment house oralty In tile colony. Tile culinary department is under the super. intendence o1ra sccond ioyer, and any and every pulate must be ple.Uel clhopa, steaks. lh, &o.;, can be had nt any hour of tile day fbr one shlling. An ordinary daily, at 2 p.m., when every delicacy at the seaslon is on tile table, and the diffeirent courses lurnlased tIbr two ahilingo and sixpence Is auct ao to excite universal admiration. Th wlines, spirits, and ale, are all of superior 'rite stables are under the superintendence of an experienced g'oon, and supplied with thie bet of forage. 'ile proNrietor, in grtatfully ncknowlerdgin tlhe lM-?ral tna unprecedented patronage lie has received since opleailg titile above iotel, t,.C respectfully to innferm ttis patrons anwti tie publc at large. ttat no exertion oil tl1A airt tIkUn ho spared it order to maintatin and anereaos tllat eputation lie hasn already acquired. A conv,.yante it in attendance at all tile steamers from 31elbourne, slid pnsenngers to tile Western tlotel are conveyt-d gruts. Tile Estaiette Ltae of Coaehe for Ballnarat and Fiery Creek leave the above tlotel tally. Passengers booked to uny part o tile ualasiaa. ONUIMENTS, Tombs and leadstones, of newest deeigln, at Iluxley and Parker's Stone and Marble Yard, Little Collin-street East, Mlelbojrn?. MONEY.-? oney advanced in small sium on good securit Appyto ComniLeslon Agient, lGt. nyrle-stoet west ,-E N'S C L O T II IN G 1iSuperfine black cloth Dres Coats, silk facings Do do do Frock Coats, do do Do do do llochiforl CoatA, do do Do do do Fancy Doe Coats Do do do and Tweed Voeot Saleplierd'a plaid, Twed and DoeTrowreer Extra Woollen Cord Trowsera ' Cotton Cord rowser Moleskin Troweers White linen lloehford Summner Coats and well made London goods, now landing and for sale by DItOWN. BROTIIERS, SAlalop- street. M'1ALOi'STREf.T SAW IBLL and TIMBER IYARD, oppoasit the Theatre, Great Ilalop T''io uni &rsled; tlins constantly on »ale,'a 1sr, quantity of all kinds of Bultliog 'limber, will will be sold at very reasonable tprices Deals of the best quality, from 10 to 30 feet long SiHardwood and deal quartering, joists, and i battens' . Weatther and linltig boards A superlor lot n grooved and toaglted fooring Doors 'and sallies, colonial made, as oheap as * thiose imnorte . . Poets anl rll, palings Wireofootitsng - - - ChadT cut by steam, for farmers or others, or sold wholesaloe and all klnlds of farm pro duco purchanesl. Dallarat buyers are requested to call previous to going to'ilelbourne, as the unfiertlgnrd is detcr. rililed to ie)l at suclh rlea as tslill command bor nieclong a sharo of tnat trade whilch naturally belongs to it, antd not (as hains bee too nuoch tile onase o Geelong) drive away from tlan town a trade, whbich can be is well done hero uas in M3eloourne. | a ny , . 0 JAS.,G. :ItOUItNSON. Jantiny,1850.. "N'OTICE to the Public.-I, tie culdersl?gntA having purchalned debtA clue to J. A. GreoLry Esq., BMarketmut Ilherlby hliform thoseo onro luecbtod1 to tlit flrm, that Tlhona tiller Waldork, 23, Gonat Hlyrie.trreet west ,l appolnted to eillect tle samen and holds tio title deeds connected tl erewtth ; endullless tlhenccounts a roe ettled at the arliest oplortlunty, legal pro ceedings will be taken to recover teo anoe. WILLLA UONEY. SGeelosK, November 29tb, I? . 'OTICF.--.AII partiea indebtd to tlie Ertte of Thlomas~ A shworthlaten~ of GeelongR Sollcitor. tre requeotcd to make Immediate paylmets to M1rs Aohwartht Idmliortrtrix, nd ll pIreons hayfin claims alg inat ardll etater re required to Ifrnish the some to ALEX. FitLSXtO, Solleitor, Mourket-square, tr dljustment. Gculollg, S~nds ecermber, ot?. NTO'ICE.--The Immigrants pzr tile ship JOlIN and LUCY, having been landed, arc open to Engtageenst at the idepot, between tile Ilours of lo a.m.. andl 3 i.m. Immigration Ofl0ece,Geeiong, lth January, lIa1. NOTICE-Wanted to purchase, 4000 store Sheep. Apply to J. B. HUTTONt Ysra-s-treet. January 15tb, l G.' NOTICE.-If Charles Lamond does:not take away Ilis Day Mare, now at the Sir William Wallace liotel Stables, Autumn.street, Ashby, tile said mare will lie sold, to defray xpensesa , in seven days from tie date hereof- ' . JOHN BATCHWELL, ' , , • tlilgioBSun lIotel. Jan. 15,.106 0. NOTICE.-Arrangements, taking effect from December lat, having been entered into with the Melbourne and llobson'e Bay Railway Company for tile Transit to and Irom llobsot'a bay of Goods and IPa'sener. ex tile A. S. N. Co.'a steamers, the underligned beg to notify that subsequently to tile above date tile Sydney steamers at present on thitl station will embark and land pasrengers, Ac., at the Itatlway pier. IV. 1i. WHITE-and CO., A. S. N. Co.'s agente, wharf, Melbourne. NTOTICE of REMO(IVAL.--R. Brown begs to inform hisnumerous customers and friends that he Ihas taken thtose commodious premisies from it. Goldabrou?gI, Lrq., oppoeite tile Falls, Flinders street, west, Jlelbourae, where tie intends crurr'itng on Ills business asa Wllolesale andRetall Merchant Ilaving aeveral vessels in the colonial trade, viz., the ocrew.-teastatllp mlaid or tile Yarra, J31arposa, Vobsono,tc., tIe will always have on band a supply of the best colonial flour, oat, bran, tay, potatoes; also, poets and railbsJoits, quartering, paling, &c.;, at tlo lowest polslblo rates. Country storekeepors supplied on the most rea sonable terms; \- I . BROWN, 1 FUlidera-strect, IMelbourne. OTICE.--.MESSRS. JOUN CARR and CO. I aving succeeded to the business heretofore carried on, under tile style of 3alessras lain and Carr, beg to announce to tile public, that as Auctioneers and GeneralLommisdion Agenti, they will. endca your by strenuous exertions and by their promopti tude in the settlement ofSales to earn unit deserve tle confldence and support of tleir cinstituents. January lct; 1t56. _ NOTICE OF REMOVAL. -W . S. Walker begs to intimatoe to hils friends and the public of GOeelong and Ballarat. thlat lie Ihas removed from the Hlay Market Store, .Myers-street, to tihose om modious premialesiltluated in Moorabool-street nearly opilosite tile Trleaury, and lately occupied by Alexander Sayers nod Co. W. S. V., ill retvrnlng li sincere tllanksa to Inis friends of Greliong and Uallarat for tle very liberal support lie hla enjoyed, begs to intimate that in addilion to tile produce business, lie has made a:rrangeilents Ilbr tle torwarding of goods to all tile diel:gingi, aud tlat being poessed of a few flrat class horses and t(tady drivers, parties can depend to al. hour at any time for tire arrival of their goods. iTo the storekeepers and othersof Ballarat and surroundlng digging tlheir orders for all kinds of goods will meet witlh strict attention us to prices, quality, and punctuality. Adllrees, l 'ruduce and Cut liay Depot,3tooraboo-l stres. NUGGLT COVBEYANCE, to and from N WNrdy Yallock and Lyntotn's Diggings, within twenty-five miles of Fiery Creek, and most direct road to Fiery Cretk, leavesthe lack Bu'llevery JMonday, Wednesday, and Friday at 7 a. m., arriv ing at3 p.m. same day, and returnsng each succeed ing day. Jookng Offlce, Black Bull Hotel, andthejunction the Black Lead, Lynton's. oares:--3. C. YOUNG, . . lProprietor OW R EADY, "The Geelong Sheet Almanac, 1i6," containing ail requisite in ,ratonnto. The Trade and Hlawkers supplied by the pub. asher e TIIOwIAS tUaU n~,. : Printer and Stotioner, Moornbool-street. Adertisers nre respetfaully reqouested to forward their advertismentst as noon as possible for the "B ook Almsnon", as the publisher wiahes to ect it ready early for the new year. Advertiemenlta re ceived up to the Ittih tost. N OW LANDING and for Sale by the under 500 sacsetoo ontad water tanhs .....bran eeun'o v. v. and central Vd. 50 Ihlhda ,lartell'a and llenneasy'O, and ,U. V. do ti0da tst Indiar u . 250 ca se ttootlh'o and Nticholsan's old toni. ,350 do ityaso'and Portero battled beer.. 400 do portnsndsherry 280 ao ehampagne , 400 hags Jay ncoie e 15 hales corvaso. 24 nockets hops Soirtings, suaolestin trousers, tweed do. , . re. t . T150555 W ILSON ' CO . . . .. .. . . . . EW DRUG HALL. M'tDoa. & C OL, NQcuso,. wholeSale and retail Druggists, Great tyrie~street, Geelong. Orders from the country punctually attended to 0 N A LE, by the undersigned' li ' Deals, eutnandunct ..." SScoth tlooring and American lumber l iattens, hard and sof wood SPallinr,atnd C feet elatherbsanrds. and 9 inch Quartering andjoriot Doors, 5 ponel, also, sashes Tile above wll be sold cheap, anddellvered to any part of Geelong free of cartsge for carts, by \- . J. DEVESOR, . . Craigend Saw Mills, 'Victoria Terrace. N SALE, by tie undersigned, ex Christian aVJlhemCopenhapra 500 bushels prime Danish Oats, eqluhl too. lariat 2200 do bran i0anih anbutter, 1st quality, in Jars, whole and half flrhins 15 casks pearlhbarley 100 cares superana hour ' lrimo red Baltic deals and boards, planed, tongued and greoved 10,000 bricks Eundr ships . Salad oil, Batty's \- OrdlnesIn half and quarter tins -'Patna anti Java rico N5eva and French candles L'i matches, in caes, each 50 and 30 . 1,IEI, tOi0n & Co.,. 18, Flinder-lane.went, Melbourne. 0NS SALE, ex Celestial and 'Texas, from New S150 casks prime sugar cured hams t 100 do do Gosaen butter S300 tins English dalry cheese 80 do buacuit, soda, sugar, butter, water and S300 blir-ba?rrcl Brandywine cornmeal S250 case3 Staughtoe's bittern (Davil') ' 150 do pro-erved chicken, goose, and turkey, S ib and 21b tin 100 do half-gaUon brandy peaches 200'do adamantine candied 250 packages dried apples 500 camss salmon and lobsters, lib and 1Sb tins 100 do honeydew tobacco half-lbs L nd F7ISwa KEn.tA Co., e. 05 and 97, Swanston- alreet, Melbourne. N S A L E by the undersigned -- So boxes candles Ilelmont, sixes ? Currants. in cwt boxes Double rose Cork butter, IIonan's Soo bosh whole mnize " \- 1000 do New Zealand oats, en Uncle Tom 0 -0 coas Cooper' pint pickies, two dozen esok 3 hogsheads and 0 qr.-casks pale sherry lBardon's l. yass's ale and porter, in bottle S-2\tlrctt's do do Barclay and Perkins' do do - "Cumberland bauon . ROnERTSOO AND STE?ESON, 14, Eli?sabeth-street, corner of Flinders- lane. N SALE.-A- snug little. Farm, about 9 ? miles from Town, eontainnlolu lr p, heclag Government allotment 41, goarbih of Yowanng, o t wlh i l erected a two.roomed cottage, sotble, fowl house uw d aIed, Ac. Apply at the auctio rooms ofJ. I. IIUTTON, Yarrc-stret. IREVIOUS to Alterations, a great ~tle of Furniture nod Matrosce Conway's Frurl ture'ad eidlng Warehouse, opposite the Lonon Ilotel, Jiororaoot~street. W. C. baving taboen tIe adjoiniong premlses, nnd tcrmuncli to soll oil iles lresact stock, (ani no reaonablo obter will be rerus ed,) compristg- about 250 lailr cotton, fock. onil oilier mottsrce, A lorgsoassortient or stofflra-bottome dl chlr.m, aoish, couchos asod easy chalirsin tiorelotoh and lecather roan unit wooit beisteds, In greot variety: Tolescope and otlher dining tables Chcffoniri, ptoaorortes, attd bookncase 0 targo glazed cocci wlth sliding aoohos About tt oo el 4 hmode gold boxes lectosates Oldoe loull hntS 200 lbs. ol mop cord hlots, slioes, cteotoinBg AC.Ie .5.' Observe tie addresS--I .COSWAY'S Fuoncture ond Otaotros Warehousse., OppouLte the London Hotel, Moormniil-streot, Gelonlu, PUBLIC NOIIC.-The thshon?lcable Pg.et Coot, mOnde to, lomeaure 3; thie l'-rlt ltoh olooneque, aso to order, 33e.-JA?31tE6 DOHISIN trchoont Tailor, latter, Clorther n nd rnenn a Outfitter, supplic| geotlhocn wIth foetdonoble nod reasonable trousers. nude to order. for21o lee proli tato, with caone ble suits or clothing, mode to Oleusure, at tohre guineao the cult. A perfect lit cuoronteed. Oboerve--lll, Ihourke-street Easo, lelbourle. Terms cash. )ATERSOXN'd Victoria AlmanaC, price Pur pence, contains rlsing nnd seltint of the sun, moon'0 oce, eclipses, coleondr, gordening tiree.. tlons, onld a torge ameunt of useful information thlt a copy orfhe American title deeds, and how to souko a will. • ' ... mTo be hd of all Booksellers. pAIRNE?lSIP NIOTICE:-TI have this day S dmrttel as Porlner In my profession. . fclhardA.Dowosmsn. Aerolltectmndslurveyor. " Tho bulness shall for tbe future be carrIed on under the style of- Shaw nmd Dowden, Arcloltect, lnlnneers,ond Surveyors. . . bm;,jrY~r·-ln·1.JOSEPII L. IHAW.: "Otices,74 Ynrra-steet, . SJnufUory lulls 1850. - QUEENSCUIFF H~OTEL, QsCcienclifl'.-- WILTIAM LEAltYbegs to infom hs friends and tile publt icgnerally that It is now in hisl power owing to. arrongoments'whilhet, l hls recently comoloted, to afford them an oppo'itunlty o1 enJoying to the fullsat extent the sehside.and ruorelpltalree tar which Queenecllff offers 1octll ties uonrlvlled In tie colony of Vlctorio. " It wlli be Ilia anxloun desire to render, the natural ndvantagoe of thlm beautiful.watering nlace anoltble in their entirety. ton nll cho may annour his lasthblislment with a vhtt To the Invalid or oanvcaescent he can offer, In addition to tihe invogorattig sea air and.varilod soenery, these' delleacelc which a feeble appetite reqoulres;'to seekers ofter pleanure. heoroe and vehlcles, 'hltvnh' will onble thiem to vfsit the varlous places'oa interest in tile nelihbourhoore; nod to porties on buolneos, hoots for conveyonce to and Item ship pine, or qaluk transt to tcelong at ony hour;" The hotel hlat heen. fitted up in rat-first las tyle,' with private sitttlng rooms, aIry, and camfortable bedroome, and-a baleony whIch commands a splendid view of the sea on'onoe ede; attd ofthe noble exponre of tile Bay on tile other. MIealo can be hnd at any.hour, nod the'ciharges'will in every instonce be on tie niost' moderate.stole.'"''' N'.lI.---Telegroihte messages promptly'-atten.' PANUitME'S PATENT CAIArr CUTTEs, on SSale by the undersigned.' . -...... A variety of the above celebrated machines with f11 the latest improvements. S F. BAUiERn; yrle-strect. e ' EAPING Maciiines.s for'Eali cheap, two, . of, llusscys improvedl-earpig Mnachlnne. Applyto Sr McKenzie, at. Ithe CragecndFlour and Saw MillsE.thby. " '".. . Q nUG Towii.PropertLy for:Sile'." " bargin.. ' P .Two well-fnilshoed brick Cottages fcbr:le, one of two, the other of four rooms.. Price very low. .; . WOOD, House-nmd Land Agent. Corner of.Kardlina-ultret:and arkiet-square TO BAKERS -To r.iet, a Shop,';witl't:hree rooms, ore, ancd bakery, fitted up iu working order, Park.street, New Town. Application to be made next door. rU Architects, Builders, and Proprietors. Sewerage Pipes -Sewerage Pipen.-Now land ing ex Balmoral, '2,110 glazed rehar e seweracn pipes. 3, 4, 6, e, and 12 tllces diameter, with all tile necessary bend,. junctions, and sink trops. Also, 1500 ridge and i0) floor tiles. Carron Timber Yard, 72, Flinders Lane cast, Mel bourne. r'i.OW OF GEE LONO. - Notice is hereby L given, that appllcatlons will be received at the Town Clerk' Office, Town Hall Geclong, until 12 o'cloctk rnon, onTuesday, 22nd January inst., for hie office of Council Messenger and Office Keeper, to reside on the premies, vacant by tle resignation of lr Johln Dowling. A man and Ilis wile without incumbrance will be required. particulars as to salary, and the duties to be per formeds,can be sccertained on application to tle undersigned, at his office, T''oin liall. Thie appli cations are to be addressed to "The Worehlipful the Mayor and Town council ofGeelong,"' and endorsed with tle words " Office of les-enger." WILLIA. WEIlinE, Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Office, Geelong,5thl January, 1656. T'O PARENTS.-Wantedl, to take charge of Sone or two children at ier home, by an ex perienced English Nurase, residinsg in a healthy part of tle town; would not object to an infant from the birth; good references given. Address, Mrs Thomson, office of this paper. ITHE Colonial Bank of Australasia.-To the SShareholders of the Colonial Bank of Austra latia.--Teo Board of Directors Ilave to announce to the Shareholders tile appointment of 'rhoma Elder lloyd, Esquire to be princlpal manager of this institution, at Melbourne. .3eolbourne. lth1 January, 185e0. . (HE Farmer's. Exchange.-James Rattray T- colonial produce broker, late Auctioneer Little SMalop-street, is now enabled to announce to growers and hlolders of colonial produce, that he is now in a position to render them. as well as him self, essential service by. the facilities whlich its newly adopted business affords for the speedy dis posal of thleir harvests, ?lB Farmer's Exchange.- JatLe liattray, late Auctioneer. Little uMalop-street. having old off his old stock, and removed.to tile opposite urner of the. same street, respectfully Invites public attention to liis new store sunt stock. tOn sale this day 3 tons prime potatoes 2 tons Chilian flour 6 casks new grass butter 100 bushels barley 3 tons sugar Glenield starch .. And other chief commodities. S . All warranted. n-I " FARMIRS' . EXCHANGE.-JAMES SRATTRHAY, Colonial Produce liroker, resvect ullv intimates to contractors, foragers, livery ctaPlle keperd, Ao., that he iscommlssloned.to dis SPoe One stack of prime 'titmely :gathered hay, measuring about fifty ton,.-may be either lifted -r reserved. , Also One small stack of new hay. measuring about twelve tons- cheap. 0 ?IILLhERS---ands Wanted..--Mrs R1 SE. Eyrie Cottager, lyrel-street east. second verandah cottage past tile HospitaL M'ENDERS for HAY. - Wanted, fur the' L. warkly supply of HIay at the several Stations or'the Criterion Coaches, viz-bates' bord, Clyde: Hotel. rluddy .Water Hoele, Meredith, Corduroy Bridge, Buninyong, and Ballarat. . . Tenders will be received up to the 2811th Instant, at British Hotel and Victoria Hotel, Geelong; Pay ments monthly. - .. SHENRY DEWING & Co. TO Storekeepers, Drapers. Dealers, and Othiers. CUt13IIlNG, IIOTtiERS and CO beg tore mind the trade generally that they purchose direct from tise manufacturers every. detcriptlon of Drapery and Slon Goods, which they continue to open up in quantities to sult the trade.. . , Thry would call special attention to their presoni stock on hand and to atrive, suitable for tile season, and wlhich they are prepared to dispose of on terms most favorable to purchasers. Cumming Drothers and Co., Importers and General .lerchants, 20, Collins-street East, Melbourne. TO LAND PUIICHAS.RS.--The under sined wishes to inform the public, and par "culrry ?-ew Arrivals, that he is always readp' 0n the stortest notice, to point oot tie Lands tor Sale; snd also, to ottBr uscifl intbormaolon respeoting those Lands open tor selection. From hls tong Colonial and practicol experience, mnowiourteen eacrs) his Itnowlece of tile country may prove oi gntat importance to the lrohacer. ii. 1. GAItRAUD, Surveyor, Lloyd's Chamber. gnlnn..trcct wets. GCit.lio . rIlE undersigned is a purchaser of, or will Sadvane money ont all description of rrniture, wearing apparel, watcise, jewehiter, gone, pistols and every Veriptlor ot mlcellaneous property. I A note addressed parties will be waited upon at their resldncer The ostrictest secrecy may be re. lidof r n upidonlbrltrs red on. . T TEVAN Pawnbrokoer, ii, Uaion-street, Geelong. Ostoberlthls-' IriS. mANNER'S Viclorian Grdlcner's Almanark, a --ince news far the non year', to tihe lovers orf the Florlcultural and Uorticulturol Arts. inow poubllasbe Tanner'a Victorian Gardener's Mm an c t o nt ainint g. In addition to tile usual contents o~n Yearly C~aendar, chloice and originpn! Inetruotiol~~us? for toentro managenaeut ol theo Vegnetale, hlowerA and Fruit Gnudons. A lsote use ,an application of ol, catalogue ofr needs, to., .to. Country agentasuppUed on liberal ermss.. JOhN' TAN'FIt. Yn~rn 15..,.5o·etrrt ?OlonnR TUE Yictori Fire and larhne Insurance _[Company Lbvr resumed the ltartne Depart mnea of their LIuSII~Lnes." ment te tte C. m. r SITII, Aogent. aeelone. 5th December. 18.5. 0 UO Bakers, Confectioners, and Others. - llailU Flour, unaranteed inest quality also CltUlan Ftlor, on snoe by R. It. BULLOCK. ' TIIOMAS MILLER WALDOCK Land and tlouos Aennt, \- i 23, Uyrltsetreet, heat, Geeolog, Registry Omei. r tHE Illustrated London &ews;, vol. 20 SJasuary to June, I105. TIIOM0AS B OWrN, : ,· . Loorabool-atreet. I; i'XO' CASKS lnoman, 50 Caoks Portland i.J'.3 . ement, and ba ea fio tnt Enellsh plaster now Inlsanlg no Jolhn BrlghL. Carron Ttmberysed, Th, F.adrs Luao golt, MtlboOrne. o0 Ii'OTi.L-KEi~PERS, &c.-For; Fale, bLv tIiO tile U ri d,.n perior Loudon- mtde TCE CEl )'ST, or Itefrigerator complete, with Ice Cream cnc,,t, eulda, Ac. N.ih.--Tid article would be a great acquisition ta fny htchl, ow tllnt suplties crf Ice ore constantly received irom the United States. F. BAUERI, _ _ _ Ryrie~street. r(IE Australian ,edieal Journll, jest pub Slishled. Agentin' GeelonE, .',I TIIO.'IAY ItttOVS, .Moorabool.street. To be Isucd quarterly, prict £1 perannum. . ... . PIHE. UNDERSIGNED, havln? thios'e very I ExtenslvePremrses attiseBnrwon Ireokwator,. is prepared to Scour and Clas WOOLS, nd get tlem up for t t Londlon Market, on tLe moot MIode. ena Terms; heok pNnreprcd to purchaoe.Greosy; Soolsor et hep rkhna en a -hn e t?an s. ' -, Wool Mlart, Iereer-otreet, Geelong." A ll Greasy?VooLs for OcouringleRt a T. MarshalU'e Wool Mart, Mreer-steet, wllUJko attended to with lere GratestDespatch. I . . \- Good Dry Storaoc for Goods. .. T ~o setties.--o,, Salo at F.BALW?, kNrie .S- treet-- :'? ?'.? lJ Sorby'srori Sheep-hear: -, lt Yotcisleoi.1 .-? , : Patent Scyte . ay aives . Corrslve Subllmae - . Blur Stone Pitch , . Turkey Stone. • rIIE JIISSE lilI'E have to announce ttia't their Classem will re-assemble, on Tunedly, -2rn.d Jan-ary. ! , - ; , - * Vacan eics Ibr a few additional Boarders , Uelleylewliouse, 03,; Great ýlyersi-trcet. : . 'f HE !first Tweih- cVolumes of the Family SHerald now on Sale, ati. " , : •., S. THOMAS BriOW'S, ' _ ;." .. Moorabcol-stree ADELADE rFOUS. iCHE Undersigned 'r:eceive regnlar'ejipments \- ot Hart ana lIughes',flne Frenc dressed Ade !ide flour. " :. - Av". Mrmn : *' CONTRACTORS, ASND BUILDERS. -. The undersigned have on hand, for Sale, the following articlcs, suitable for a.hotel or public buildling:: - ... . . Plate Gltas--Window Saslies-Doors-Architraves and other Mouldinga-Centrepiccs-Stove-Marb)le AltLntelplecei-Mbarnle Counter 'rpso and Gypaum iIGRIIFFITIS, FANNING <& Co., Si 'I . , Little Malop-street, hst. T'.O Bilders and'di Others.---W. B. Hammond, I'Slater and Slate Merchant, invingjust received ex Invineible a large'quaontity best Ilangor slates, from the quarries direct, and having made ar rongements with Ilsa agent lor a regular eupply of tile same, begs to state to hii old iriends and ith phblie in genertal, tilat he has recommenced buhei ness in the above line, and to now enabled to con. tract for and complete elating at the lowest po nible price. VWM3. B. HA'MMOND, Clareendo .-~r-et, Ctilwelt, ',l0 Parties in Search of a good Horse.-.DAvID t CocK? Prnduec ?erchant, Little yrie-atrecet V?'est huas fbr sale- Ssver~L tletrior draft horses; also some • uperior Ilackneys . Ao, horse drlys, dog cart. D. C. has also constantly ou sale " r lot qulity vD . flour n o thiltan do,' Potatoes SOats, colonial and Scotch nloizo tran ' ' Hay. ad Chaff Ot the very best quality, and at prices to suit the times. , nd ItIOMAS HOLME" DAVIS, 13, Market satreet, Meiborne, has on sale-? Case and bulks herry . Do port .. . • r a rotsettld stout . ': Sardines t ol ate , Candles Bulo brandy and case 0V. I rum Case and bolt old Tom Batr hiskshey 1 U O Ir.LERS.-Wantea a Miller to prceed to hlobart Town issonniatnlv. None but first. rate etone-drenraru need apply. - .y. .Jonbnat and Co, Ol Great Itlyons-atreet wnes. WANTED to Boirow, £500 upon Freehold .Ap Jyroperty for the Rpace of 2 years. First rate Apply to W. WPATTS,' Auttioneer, Ioosbool street jANTlED a situation as Assistaut Goveraes A drdo AY te of this paper. ANTD, 500h Ewe, 4 or 6 tooth, elern Wan 1500.AES SiOILE. January 10, lOSS. SA\TED, Grooms for the road; none need apply aecept Sr.t.ote men, st bhe British Motel, to BSIEIY DEWIMOG A Co. ' ANTED a Boy sa Runner, tor the Geelong TVAdvertiser. Apply at lin am~en, lectures Cite hours of 7 and 0 In thr murnlngl: or 3 aud unelock s, be ttonrsoos. · WAP;TED~, an active Yol2g Alan, to assist Wcmn a tore on theDiging. Mutbe well Apply between S sod 10 a.n. 5I'CALLUSI, OsOILL, l and Co.* ANTED-b Drapers' A sistant; one used to ,the slop buoinesopreferred. Apply to N. .ACISAN 16th January, 1858 " larket-squ.re. ANTED, a Dray, to take 8 or 10 owt ' to tolc. Apply nat the Commrcial Inn, Coroestreet.' Apply ..?ly. W"T.ED, a reopectable mtn as Singr and ?':Chairmani "Ai~ply" to F.. Carman, Game. tIeepors Hotel. Yarra-street, Geelong. W ANTED Four Bullock Drays to load , V wthflotr, and bring wool down. APPl? toW ,L. LEES*,Public Wool 'arehoore. :Wt pAttN £i -E D,. Farm Servanlots. OFApply RELL & 0o tr re..treet A'LTTED, to be known, that J. 0ONKIN, \- ; Iron Bedstead jMaker, Ic., lin removed 'to No. 0, Great ityrlo Street, two doors from .Moorabool-.tre wnt clreo'"edtcd are mode to order, of any sine, Iattern, or price ;also, Smith's worlr of every de~rcrption, AN' AITED, for an Hotel at'Creswick's Creek, I a a larried Couple; the woman to cook nod wmsh, lhe iran to drive a horoe and cart, and mako iimoelf generally oselul. Noonrnordapply bat those whotan givq gomd refercncro. Apply to SLNCLIIR & RIDDOCII, Mlalop.street, Geelong. IXTANTED, a respectable Youth of liberal tr, educatlon, eitter as articled pupil, or for a term. BACKHOUSE A RIYNOLDS, hlaekot?sqoacer Arcliltects ond Osurveyore. • kuet-square, Jan., 1lth, 15 . , W ANTED, a Coach IBody Maker,-a gcod hand ll getconstont employment. AZppy to.Thorburu . Son, Coaocimokers, corner of Little ltyrle-street and ihirlnghlnt-stcrete above O'Joar rell's sale voeds; - WANTED, a GRoo Body Mlaker, Wheeler, and bmtth.-Apply at TONEMAN and GILLIG eIAL Conea thonufaetiarero, LaTrobe Terrace.--Tbo bghBest wafes ?ilt be given. TWTANTED.-'-A :Slngle Young Blan,; one Y wohasben used tothb business, ashopman, In a boot and ohoe shop. Enquire at the Austratian boot, koorabool- street. J. l I. MtCURE... Oeelong, Jan.17th, l35O. - Jan ANTED, Bullock'Drays for lagpie Gll, ST Dtalrat Cresewick Crook, nod Fiery Creok. itlCUlA~tD~oM A WV11EATILEY, Corlo-lsreet. Jalnuary 17, 1850. BOARD and Residence.-.Gentlemen can be on aomnmodated with Private and Select Board Sltscsldcne co, at So. 21, Great 3lyere-etreet, resal, nenr the rnrmers Ilotel. O?ARD) and Residence.- Wanlted 2:oi 3 B repectablejyoung men as boarders. Terms modcrato. " : •:' For c r o rdolddress, pply to a r. DIXO" Furniture Brokerr Great.alop.street. OARD and Residence for a gentleman who would shure a bed roont and stting rom with Onn otlier, or for two ws wsould be wltling to occupy thle same room,· • Address, 1'., oice of this paper. - mo GENTLEMEN.--Selct loard and Resi I dence, or board only, on modeeto termselose sto larket-equsro, and nlear the bay A pipy5o hellcrtne-steeet, thee doors above tol Sir Charles Hotham Hotal and 51r5 Littli.Fancy Hepoaltory, Marlop.atreati.oYarra.5treet . ,B.--Stabiag if g ql.d, FOUND, on my Run, a Bay blare, black pontsa, star In the forehead, branded, appa CAAt.a icglneble-brnmd off neck.; . . ý- -.z-.. _. . CA . , - . . .. . . . -0" ,he owpner can havethesame bypaying nil ex Ptlie,iknd proving title to. - E-" DEIIICK DEWING, :--Parnparap, Upper Barwon. D. ". 'De.. 21lt., 1855. TOST, rpn the Race Course Hotel, Ballarat, sJ on the 27th int., a Fawn Caloured Kangaroo Dog, white stripe down forehead, and a white dsjt'; : on the ieck, branded J Q ear rib.-If fou"l' to be"'- ." delivered to Mr iY. GOSi..NG. ' 1 1. . J. QUINSI.Y. L OST, on Mioiiay last, 'on thie. rbd:.from- ' Dullarat to G, clong, a d7rck't.1:oýc contaninig' ..' r.oney antd papers, the latter bing ol'lo u?o to ny... one except the oner, whyv, on thle return of the papers. will pay the further nain:of l.10 for lleir: rrcovwry on its being Irought to the otic? of this paper. _ -_ _ _. 1OST, fremro'ior il te l ),il. iotel, lhu b'lik? : 1 horse. branded 1111 (conjolned.l)nnr shloulder, lhito ispot oi lorelhandl,,hl.lhobbls ol;-nlo (ne illuck IMorse l,rel-leti. io vwriting o 'fihoulder; " vhldto elldt on ferhehed" i tathe .rep'n.- 5 rewnrrdi for. each. on ,dlivery'to unCnerslnned; bor1 i ' any lnlbrmatl6n given' thlat rill. lead t their recovery. .. . 1 -..' y -'> C EDK. %MAUlFNDAZ , . , t!. :Vilc toriO Vineyrrd, Colao rad._ 1) kAAI of.;:-"Lobt fioni' rcrlilI,' oneno .-LV bin'vlorae J near thoulder otoaron forthead, No.3 of'blioulder, and i,er hind fioot whiltc. . Any one flndlng the above.horsel will receive the above reward, by del?ieringo the horte at all, of tile ;Criterion Company'sStableB in toon, or along.the road. ." 0 . > -I 7 n. DWIlNG and CO. 01I, I?,? or StrrTo: from the Queen's hlead h loteli Great Ryrie-sltsee, a light, boy , tore, blraoded dII near shoulder, hind olod ner-tboo whltei small star on forehead: any one B grtein tleip ams:to :tile undersligned will receive L.5 rewart end:if stolen, on conviction of tile thie, '12 r- '" ward- wlllhb given by epplylng to Queen's flea •,o .e Hotel, or to John Colloaey, illuddy Water loles. " d fil Fta :or ,Sirayed; o cisrk -rreY· Monre, i J birooded GI near olioulder, of hintl'efetlote, velcite, small white epot on forebeod. Five PuItndo • 'reword will he paid fir lringing the snme to J. T. Horrls, Whcitel iorsee itore, .tttant 'leasant, hol tarot;.-or, it stolen Tcn Poundo. on tonvictlon of ' TOLE', from ol" the Barrah,ol Hills; one tiskewalt geltite, brondo GW ncr shoaldor • : 4 yeora-old..-, Alsoe, one bny mere, 15 btnndo Icigh. oil ear bent, branded dietnond 604 under, spectanle S under niea etcoulder, CP near tclight. -.. - . The same rew.rd witl be paid on recovery of the horses. . . . QTOLEN on tire 9thL, Irom Little ,iyer, one .) boy more, .:1 eonJoin,' vner ehoultder,' bltck.- . manae nd toll, and star in Ibrehlceai- Ansy person bringitng:some to Daniel .Corcoran, LLttleuliver, wilt receive tlve pounds reward. ?.-..,: ... ... , Geelo00g, Jane cry 14, 1810 . ..."". - CTOr?'? or St-aric"d:Efromh r t"Geclonee " a I chesnut Ihore clt. branecdd It ricar shoulder, tile property of.Sr. I. tllakt. cAny pttr.eon bocrlltgln= tame to "trifDnelo Cao, Storeeebper, Yarro-atreet, cciU receive Five Pounda s Gealong, Jonanry 10th, 1850. STOLEN or Sirayed, from opposute tlte lhydi.:. hi~ otel, one bayHlorse, whlte-blaoe doen tito ' face, cwitch toil, stands. 14 hattl Idolb, brand?? N near stcolder, hId hobble, on, a o, a blatktoretoe switeh tail' aod whl~e blaze down tto tce and ono. whcile hlind lbot, branded C 5onthe oil hobolder, and a erotn on tile nerneck..... Any pereon on Lrlnging tile same toGeorge" mVllilooton, Clyde. Htotit, ?vill recoive.aSrewacr, - and if on convlttion oflthe thief t10 reward: . . ."': ... -TOS. NiCH?OLLS. STILAYED into ':the.Paoddockloof.tho under- - ligned c darkbroen Horce,mthdltbltazon nocoe,.:. brandedCP C otL.shoulder. The'owner nay hbves, sameobypayin expynse.. ...- .. ., Iendted Heads. Q?LOLN 6? oerr. 'l.frmni' Ft:Alban'e, East -Geeloong, £20 reword, vl:l.?ten- or £3 enei iif" br ?nn-herse-ilth bong;U, bran tded ' on off ,... soolder,,wlthoot elcoes. Aito, - bo1 b oy ce rsa.sndedg Conneer.ioaiddr.ld Ancy prOO 0on0 bringiong tte oame to .hr. c, Sath, 23, Great Myerov-treet, wcil receive- the above re. WOI?POC?U NDS REWAID. -Stolen or . strayed, from Bruce's Creek, on A21st Decem-s eer,a o nhenuat horse, bronded on. the near houlder, ansd EX on off neck, blaze deown the tae, owO hioid eso white. Ctlotion puudkepero,.aucn. onet. andl others from selling the sone. Whlo ¢ver will find the same and Ibove at .ir. llohtne, trues Creok; or ,Slr. lurns, blacksmith, Little Isalop- treet, shall receive the aovIe reward. WIX Pounds Reward.-Stoleni:or Stray- ed;.a s dark brown Horse, branded 3t5 near, sthulder, oJ off shoulder. " 'l, o 3 ill be paid on the reoverry of the horse'or if tolen, 00 on tise conviction of tile thief; to bse letel it the ,FreemnA.on' Store, Wnarterloo lat, Fiery rk,, or _Gudry'a hotel, Aahby, Getonr ., TrAYED,, frcmb uioth, 1 27th Agust,. . S 155, One Flea litten Gray Sare;obranded.V sear cheek, J near neck, I tar WV revermest near - ·'I shoulder. One lay Pony, hind fetlckss wbhteBLnear'and s : o• stihouoier. • - . One 0slv tareblock oolnts.WC noershoulder thoulder. . Two Founds reword olit'be pitd on delivery of raehthorie to'0lr SELLICK, Crown itoel haunin-r yong, or tor.aUch.tnlonoation as oill lead to.toe dtacovery. orDAVID KITCHI-'o £19 KlSWAtRD.-Stoean on Sundav olgit, o ? early on Monday morning lIht - or 15thtt anr., near the -arsha Hotel, Fyan's lord Itoarl, a 'ihcsnuo t Horse, bralsded S on near shoulder, It. on off shoulder, ecarcely visible, otfltte blaze sown - AI1y one giving information to tears. DENN and OSBOiiS. ?lerchanta, Jlnbopcsirr, i*eltong or the uondersigne?l, Fynsa' lord laoit, sitall re. ceive the above rewrsd. JOSEPH IUPPIPI. hite Tent, Fyans' Ford bRoed. October 1tfh, lo55. £? REWARD.--Lost rear Rokeovool, a o-.L Light Grey Mate. lonti buahiy tai, on Friday, 2ltih tecemberr brandee GD sear shoulder, like 0 off side back. Wiessra willbrinig tier to Davi d ecott, Strawberrey till,scar Goeisose; or .Oir Lyons,." publican, eloketoed, rrll receive tile ahovy reward. Li'li RLWARD.-Stolen or Str.yed, on lbs J 16tl June, 1J55, from tis reighLourhoot ot 5Luent Iuninyonyg, a Blck Mare, sno white, branded 'r V1 ot ibeoulder, V neisar ohleder, no(w supposed to have a toel at IbotL--The above reard.. will be paid on retsration r fa the imar, or for eus h information as wilt lead to tier recovery, b ALEXIO. St. WILSOX, Blaker, Csovwick's Creek. N.l.--Poundkecpcrs, aict~oncers and others asn autisnedt against purchtasiig or relhng the abave - mare. Creswfiek, Deceraber 24th, 1?55. G EELOI;G GRAMMAR~ SCUIOOL.-Hrad . laster: iev. G. O. Vane, BA., Curate to the A-cbdeacon, late Scholar of Liincoln follege, Uin. ford, and Sojuir ln.?ical scholar of hring'o Col ge. London. Tifs nClOOl wao opened five months ago, for day acholars only, ot tlh inloontc, of tie Venierable tile Archdenon, and other influenti realreinta tIo this town, n ilth view to removing the tleeastly Loe sending tile cens of gentlemin to 1eltbourno or tile nigihiootring eolontea, it, order to t'ncurU thteaIt htghastondard ct" eductioa. .ilr. Voice it prepared to receive eight or ten boarders immodiately alter the Cherirtms vaentlott, over whotie heath and aiuttmvent.i?, tts wetl as over their moral and tlatelltttat deaclopmitit, hie -ill hiimaeli eercise a i igilant sulterintenti uce; wiict it willi he hit oorn?et ndeavoUr, olth son tutor and clergyman, io train up tioe oirusled to his charge in the nurture and admonitionul thie Lord. -or his competency to undertnke such a charge, Mr. Vance apttinli to lit hiSigh UnLivelsily Degrer, and Seliool uiiiinctionc, and to ido tuilorous t'.stlmonials (plaeed tor general inpecoti·n in tIlo Arotloeacon's iandl:, teom dlstlngulshod plotea ros n and tern ofi infod, and iru.tis slit tile -ultport of many eiriendo iii enable them to niako tShe Gerlong Grammar School a credit to tae It is proposed to place tie Grammar School In. oonnexfon witl( the .Mlbo~urne University. iaupila mill re-saerable on uonaday, Jauneuy 21, Skene-stroct, near the corner of La Trobe Ter P AKINGTON Houae Grammar Echaol, P_"akntan-street Itewlown . Principal, Mr Tro.?,s W. Sr.,'CeL Tile course of ntruction at this establlsmecnt is for nlush a charcter so eminently to qualit youth =or.vred position1 of uuefulness. The Principal is no0W well known for the success whichI hoe attenldCd oftogtand propriety. ".. " hieeilbntinmrniinlatt youthtul micit to hahlbtt Tihe flronehesof Instruction pursued are Latin French, Aler!Allmtilrwnl3usic, Crtn?].tls rammar withporing t~o graphy with mape, Elocutlnon atunat l'hitoophy, Grecino, ltomann, ond Ecnglis'h Literoturnesiaook. khepiang bysintle and double entry alot Lhcmie* try, as npplicabte to agriculture. 1e"armo nly b Iknown uo n appliatittn. nlte pupil1 w~ill nMresemble (olter thu Chrttimalf Vaeation,? January 1otho 18.50. 1d RS. T?ruEII, rrolebnsor of ulnsic nod 111 Dancillg, No. u, ,lyere-street west.-- Mrs Turner lice ranI,:eed her ACodenty for tlhe inelrue tlion!of Phipil0 Iln Mlusi and Doncing, to to y ohve -ommoitoat plremlries, and soltrhta t continuncu oaithe hind pahreeoge of tier thiende, and at the oofiety lfGcelongin general. - ·I •. Tznms roll Perils: ' Pianoforte. per Quarter, payahle in advance d 3s (L(Instruclions on the Pisnolorto tor beginners, or to inelti theo'tyle ofmuroe advanced Pupils. ) DnniE , pen quorter, payable in advoace... £3 ls Single Lessons - , . . .. . 5? itr Tuorne, at the ereilet or runny oftE ierlitic, htst pcned an Asaembly, whichli will bh colnlta~cl ever" tortnlllt,'on Ttiurilty* ev,ilsnitg, lor tile benlptt of her aorn anvoanced ipupllt; inld is IpE parat to DIIt ai ttllnitrt tIunibtaraLr c .hpeetttl patrnot as eebnerlbara, at rle per qouirtr~. niire 'ftrner by contnltintl thie admiclun to iter Aneemaly to regapeclble pattie.+ lose, nod bhy otlercnJllcinua orrennemeanti, ?vllli1 fenl pact emntrih·rO in talc. law.a sate will te ble tn carry out, trusn s to rupp~y w rnt hlich hin lhng existed illi (eleaig; v a., a Select Quocirille Party. Its to bh utnderetaod thast Pupils wnlthave the entree to the aasembly without eotea charge. ; Ssauc Arstca. 