CITEAI TO !MELBOURNE. S TleG new swif Steamer, SEELN 0 n. Leaves for Melbourne, Every Day, (Sondayls xcepted) at two o'clock, p.m. returnnlinl rom 3ellourn every morning ate h o'octk And leaves lo tlelbourne every Tueeday, Thursday and Saturday, at hal-past 11 o'Clock, returning alter atei day s lat tlehei s lm hour. F t1IeAb AIOt? A I & ILLIASt, Geelong. HE "CITIZEN," Jolts MI'LCan, Scommander, will contnuae her 1 trips as u0ual, leavin Geelong ?= every Monday, WeIednesday, and Frid7y, at halClpast Eleven, and Melbourne alter nate days at tile same hour. rAarns:-- s d Saloon ..................... 12 6 oreCiht ................... 15 per ton. \- WILLIAMN JIRYAN & CO., Agents, 8 Market Square. \- TEAM TO MELBOURNE , -Alteration of Time of Starting S -The new and powerful screw "CORIO." Ws Trfrr, commander will leave tie Whart for'M elbonrna' Tuesday, and Friday M1ornlnp, at 5.m.: returning from AIelbourne Wednesday, ab 1 raturday at 4 P.m. Folight t Current rates. Appl'y to Cpanill TRN i.TRe, on board, stenoorab me srEf. Iii new screwv steamer, S will leave tie Queen's Wharf \- Meilbourne, every Tuesday and Friday, st 4p.m J. A D. PARKER & Co. IOBAltT TOWN via T aun Seeston -'Thle I.alanreston S.N.Co's. boats leave ill, Quteenl's Wharf, Clelbourne, regularly as codr-n o ard. ii. "Land each mAontil ppilbwlgea for lOihari Town can be booked througl, per LardO nDy Couch, at the following ares-- E s. d Cabin paaegCe ani inniae sent in coach, iromolelbourne to llobaEnrTown ... 7 0 Do do snd outside seat do ... 70 Steerage do do . To ..4 i For freigllt or pansae, apply to ILLItA IiAYLEch and CO., 77, ,Great Collins-street west, iMelblourne. Or. SWANS'iON, WIRT..S, & STLEVF.NS, Geelong_ Gl~EGULAR Weekly Com 41T?!?'?S? .- , muinteaion with Wr'trnlam .lrn hbooi. Port oatry, anl Portland.- , boo, T'ile fast and favourite screw steamier ,I?P-- a iN." 305 toner, s0 oe per, L Frank a elnan. Cam sbournee et, eveoryd Fridy. TiurtiI fanrter notilr. paloengers fronm eeloL foenErded at daip'l ex Little hlnlop-rruet at st. . Th. Kerr, cimmander. lee QL rena a lharf, Mielbourne, Mtondays and Thursdays, at l p.m., and Geeonl alternate day. Freillltat current rates. MOUuiITZ, POOLE and Co., AygDentsing- st., Mlelbourne. YDE . Agent, Geelonar. S C'TEAM to ADELAIDE.-Thel ~nPk . r neny fast and powerful iron screw sramc.-hlp BUlItltA 1BURR. p James Luwralce,, commander, will be despathed for tile above plart on Tuesday, 2ith last., carryinh passengers at the foltowing reduced i tes: . ..- o . Firat t a i r F in . .... l Second do ....£4 Passenrters will please embark per tender, leaving Cole's WhIarfat two o'clock 1t the nlternoon. Freight will be received up to ilondady evening, the 2til inst., at Cole's \t ilar: For furtherparttculanro apply to RAE, DICKSON and CO., agents, Queen-street, Stebourne. SAOTIC E.-SHANDON, Steamer t . from Geelong, every morning ;3''. at 8 o'clockt precisely, and from . " Sandelge Italiwy P ie E.very sitee. ! noon at hlalf-paut two o'clock Sun days exceptedl, breskfast for cabin and steerage passengers pro. vide on board. W. It. FARE, Agents. TACO, New Zealad.--Tlhe under Ssigned having been appointed by the Provasional Government of Otago to act as Immigration Agents in lelbourne, will tarnishl psrties ielroas of obtainilng Inform?. lion, with a summary of the land regiulalions and statistics of thle provinces; also, asuchl other into r mation as relates to the sailing of vessels from Melbourne to Otago. I. P. SAWELL A Co. S " ond- street, Melbourno I?OK London IMre.--To sail poeai 1 tlively ist March, the splendid new river built ship, ROXIIURGU CASTLE, Al tor thirteen years, Jolhn Adams, commander, 11i1 tons per register. This vessel forms one of the Mdessrs Green's mag nificent Ileet. eo well-known fir the exc,.llency of their accommodatlosa Inltending pnssengerl will do well to tnspecrhtll noble ship,in wllich every comfort is provided. A boat will be in attenlldance to convey partles to and from tile vessel: orders for which will be given on application at the office of the andersigned. The rates of pasaage are as follows:- Clief Cabin, by special agreement. Intermediate ... ... ... £35 Steerage . ... 25 including a liberal dietary. For terms of feelht or assage, aoPlY to ?A~~liLG h , IBBOTdON &Co.; )LACK BAI.L INE.--lloyal Mail I4 1) Cliplper Pckets.--Tlhe ownlers of tilts celebrated line having contractedl withll her 3lajesty's Government to carry tile mailsbetween England and Australia, tile Iblfolow irg or other clipper packets, will be derspatched as Faoa Llvret-t. legilster. Captains. 1855. Marco Polo ................. 1025 Wild April 5th Donald 3l'ay . la ... 2000 Warner tay 5tl lhsmplon of thle Sea... '37 Nelavinda July 511th Jame laincs ............... 2400 Sl'Donnell Aug. 5th gightning .................. 2103 Enrighllt Sept 5th Boomeralg .................. 1821 Brown Oct. 5th Marco P'olo .................. 125 Wild Nov. 5th Donald 31'tay ............ 2110)0 Warner Dec. 5th FRa O lM i .eoreoa, With the return mail, on or about tile l0th ofeachI month, or suchl other diay as may be appointed by the Colonial Governmenlt. These vessels oreconstruetedbliy thle first hulldersot lhe day, incla.ting l'Kay o01 iostonl, and l)all of Abordeen. Asapsasener conveyances, tlhey Ilave earned the renputation orllain tile best managed litlea of shllps goat, for pactoality in sallllg,raplid passnage,and lu5rlor ereeomtoldation. Plasarges from Enland to Australla.-Passage'cer catbe canll be obtainledl Irom tile undersigned by persona desirous of gettIne their friends out to these colonles from any part of Greent ritalin or Ireland, and tlihey en calculat upoull beinlg Joinled Il?re by ther ir friends within six 1month0111s from the time oi Rmiitances--Sums of money for oulltfit, &.. , can be tranltaitted thllroeugl thIe undersignedl, who grant draits at sight payable in tany town in Great Drltoin or Ireland. Express and Forwarding Department.-An Ex iredonili be made up by each of tlhese elllps, and 0ld, rlpeie nld parels forwuraled througil tile mnere, Slenrs Jlamesa anllr Co., of Ltry-001 OrSasy place in Great Britain. tile Coatitnent 0 uope. aodi tilt Unitedt States of America. Ilnportere will findi it to tIeir advantlllge to lirect the atienllon of tileir agents in .' llllto to 10til ne, as tile tmoet perfele arrangemeints have been Oade by eeors James Baiies and Co., for receiv tag and slhiiping goods by tile regular monthly iplpera nf Colonial Prodace, Gold, Wool, TallowGOil e.r will perceive thee advantage Io e derived'roi? a bine of fast-?alling cRliprs Wcb heh arlntetel cr -this, and by hith tile rates t trelgit will only be the same as by oth1er fOrsa Poe hetigilt, ...a... and other rnformation, y 1o i' t A liACI tY, BlalES a Co., "all o0 Commerce, Collins-street, gest, .ItOUIo.aes. ilrie-aterei. GOantioe. |OR LONDON D1)hhECT.---Tlie A I 74 tons rtvlster, 12011 tono burtllen, t'lllip loyers, rommandlr, Ilnviag oll her wool jigsediaa loll raine Ilobnooha Bay oil t11e Ith Islia rileolld shlip carries art cabin pa..e..er. oaly, sald few ollportutlitleo Isr tamilies proeeeltlnti to enolnd equal tile present, apleedatldcomfort hlog Peotll 1 cereal. ]Gold weigtllhd by 0ppolatment at any at tile Osks In Geelong. Apply to .1JA. IIENTY A Co., Ilttte Sialop.atreet, East. i5th January 1030. FU tL Freight or Chartor.--Tlle fie 1\. falnt saliltlg siciooeer " V'ililln,' 121 tons, Ot to go to any part of tile. world. --aor tertns. pply to OGILVIE 0o iltItI INSOOIN, loorabool-otreet. lvOticrlets of .iglltecao.-o-Waltcd to tpnrcnae, sr Iliro tlilnmcdlately, from I0tell tolla Conml'nlatlotla to bead itreatl to WlI.l..IAM ,IN'Iy;T5OBi \'c tia liotol, larkete-qnare, Guelonag. '[_ UTTO£'S WIIAIRF.-- BAl.LAST iip--Sies ltlelllnsld witil uvery 1h'0 patchl 0t31 td t' lr tloll, Put orl board. WlihnpARA"So.--C ood iVlmrfogo nceomt onlllcll on tr vesiel relilttag or Ieron ila dowal..... . fh .~ O|t1 .ONDtlN.--To sail 14ll cb f Fjl i) ronry.--Tte Al bnrqlle Alli Ii ~ .,l FITILE, llaarslperior neollllllloltaitul for ii litted nulaber ofoohiln poassetlgers. patssage loney, I50. Apply to TIMSOS, WIIlSON llld CO. ereleng, 1711h Jnllunry, 1150, -lEICIIANT SIEANEP.S SIlP ill rONG OFFICE..-.A. FI'TCIlP;'I"t I" habour larket,, lorkelt Sqaure, Ueelongb *550ti suppliem St the shortlst notice, BLACKWALL LINE OF -LIP PACKlETS.--For LONDON direct.-To, sail on February 2011t, th0 fine armed passenger-sh ip At E D W A 1 A 1 at L.loyd's. 800 tons James B. Kennedy (clhief oCmicer witl Captain iacekwood from 1810 to 18521. commander, belonging to .lcsers. J. and It. Tindall and Co. This favourit slllp line always maintained a ighl character in tile Ausrallnn trade, and will afford an extremely desirable opportunity to those who may be anxious to ensure a comfortable passage to EnCgland. The cabin accommodation in tbe Medwny is spacous, allnd eminently cnlculated to meet the opproval of all wholatoy visit ler for the purpose. of insplction: whilst thie names of her well-known owners supply n satisfactory guarantee that io the impiortnnt particeular of provisioning tIheir ships, nnd rendering thlem suitalle for the reception of all clatses of passengers, notlng ito omitted whlic they deem of a nature to clbn ace tie reputation of tile Blackwolt tLine of Packets. Carries ln experienced surgeon. Cabin passage, including wlnes, beer, and spirits ... ... 80 guineas. Second cabin ... . ... 5 Third do ...... ... ... £o5 aor forther particulars. plans of accommodation. e. apply to V. P. WIITE antd Co., agents, Wharf, Mlebourne. 0R IIb BART TOWN Direct. Schooner It. J. Irvine, master, to sail on Saturday. For freight or passage, apply to the master, on board. FOR Hoblart Town.?First Ves etl. -The Rne fast sailing FLYING FISII, Lucas. master, will sail for tile above port on Sa tulrday next. For freight or passage apply to the captain on boardi or to OGILVIE K.i ROBINSON. ~ II.ACK Ball Line of British and Australian Royal stall Poclkets.- For .iverpool direct, to follow tie Llghtning.--The A 1 clipper ship If E M S A 11, 2000 tons burthen, Pickernell, commander will be despatched on tile 31st January, withll er ne csty's mEils under contract to deliver them in 05 days. This magnificent British-built ship is now on her firlt soyage, oand lin lately arrived, after a rapid assalleo. She also carries a milch cow for the use of the passengers and a quanlltled surgeon. tier cabin acc,'mmodationt are nf a superior character. and as shte will only take a limited number of psocengers, early application is neceso Plnns of cabins my be seen, and rates of passage obtained irom MOCKAY, BAINES andl Co.. Ilall of Commnnerce. Melbourne; or, F. BAUER, Ryrite street, Geelong. 1u erua ondon Iiirect.---To sail the 5th ' of February tie well known At Ship STEItI)NoLEAT'i, 1014 tons per register, John Sargent, commitnnder. Her nccommdatlions for chilef.cabin passengers are excellent tid comfortable, and point her out as n dleAirallb. olpportunity for intending passengers,. llas thie greoter portion of her cargo ellngged. For tre!gltl alnd passage apply to DAI.GETY' 1lrlO'fOOS, AND CO., .aloorabool.ntreet, Geelong. Q IIIP~ l For Sale or Charter. r. `. Edward Ktilll begs to intimate that In connection withl tile larlle Inrsurance S -alnch oif is ilusiness, lie Ilas made arrangcments fotr effectively eirlning oli Ship Broking in ill its departmecnts. A complete re. gister of vessels for ale or clharter will be kept, and every facility afforded to buyers, sellers, or clarterers. OS, Collins.street west, Melbourne. A1MIERICAN Cooking Stoves, new and im ft proved pattern, foIbr Sale by BUIRLINGAMiE and CO., Ll, Bourke- streel east. M1lbourne. A BEIIICAN Cooking Stove Warehouase.-E. l C. WIIEE- LOCK and CO. (aInte F. B. lood), importers of Uotel, Ship, Iltcblien and ParlorStoves, ituanges, Grates, e., 129 liussell-street. Mlelbourne. ANDIIEW ANDEIRISON, Piano-forte Maker (lormerly of London,) begs to intimate to tile public of Geelong that lie is prepared to undertake tihe tuning and repairing of all descriptions of piano-fortes, hc.. and hlopes frm lis loneexperienee dn all tile branches of tlis business, ,liat lie will be found to give satisfaction to those who may lavour him with their ordera. Addreass--uO. Little Jlalop-street, east. KEN'IDE PADDOCKS, Colac-road. - The above extensive and well-watered Pald docks bavi, g been held clear of Stock for tile last 3 montlhs, are now in splendid condition, and ore olen ifor the grazing ofl orol Slock only duringl tile summer. renns Irs per niglht, or 5s per week, with a reduc tion for longer periods. 'a 'UNG BROTIIERS, Colae Road. Akenride, ?t aura Ponds, 4tl December, 1855. A PrivLate Family. res'litlg ill a pretty de 1 inlched cottage near Clhrist Churcl, wishes to meet u-ith a gentleman desirous of obltaining com fortable bond and repsidence. Address E. A., offce of this poper. Slablilig if requiredl. IS S O R T ) Invoice of Sances. .MILES, KINGTON, and CO., Flinders-lane west, Melbourne. RRlOW.eMITII'S Slap of thie South Eastern Provinces of Auetralia, corrected to 1855. o 5 ountedt on rollers, and varnished Size,O6 feet 4 inches x 5 feet 5 inchies Prize. £7. For the convenience of settlers and travellero,tle above unrivalledl map is also doneupin cases, price i5. Inepectio. reopectfully solicited at SANDS and KENNY'S Victoria Statlonery WVarelhouasee, S34, Col. lins-street, iMelbourine; or TIIOMAS RU\VWN, miationer, Moorabeol-street, Geelong, EI)STEADS-BIEDhTEADS-I- I EDSTEADS -The largest anti cheapcet stock of Iron ?ed. steads, comprisaina g every ze pattern, and color, i sale by the andersigne T. IAKS, l?l. ereer-stlreetl. BAG.\TEl.LE.- IlB atelTle-l able on sale, or made to order, at Davil Jlohnson'a, 132, Ilussell.street, Melbourne. Orders from the country attenlded to at once. UILDING Mlaterials on Sale by the under English and American doors, sashes, with or witlhout frames, moulditngs, skirtings, .e. Flooring, llaltic or American, from I to lid, in re, white, y ell ow, and pitcs pine Deals, solid anceut, red, yellow, find white \VWethlerboard, quartertitg,. a$. Thile above goods being kept in sneds, are dry, and lighlt for carriage, 1D1UND l %ESTBY and Co., Great Collins street East and Flinders I.ae West. Melbourne. (ilEAP Clotlhing and Drapery Warehousea ) alnlop.street, firsat sllp from larkelti-square.- Jauls Si. A.mel..ui,, Wholealei annd lietail iDrapr, 3 anit 5 lnlop-street, begs reilpectiflly to call the attention o' a dliscernling public, whol lhavne, so libe rally patronised Ilta eoteblrlhnlelt since lit cons mencereet in buikcess, to tile fact of Ilis having received large additions to hlis stock of New ald Cheap Goodil, which hrI is in position to sell at as low a figure as any hlouse in eelotng. lie tins re ceived several remanrkably cheap lots, to wh icht lie directs special attention :- Snrege drssese, 5S, positively worth As Od Do do, 10o Ol6d, twell wortlh Ia 6d Ileal Frenchl de talnes, Is 30, worth Is Od Ladies' mbrolderrd pocket handkcrchlief, Od,worth 2a cd Good fast coloured prints, from 4id pr yard Ladies' sun bonnets, well made, only 2s; worth 3s A large quantity of embroidered muslins, chleap noys' stramw 1at, trimmed, id and is ench A large lot of lanltepln ain uni faicy bl,n. netsa some beautifli styles, 2s and 2 ld 10wo pairs enen's moleskin and woollen con trowoera 200 dosen cotton ,,alf n ose from 4d Od per Flannels, blankets, and slieetlngs, at very moderate prices. Observe tlhe address-Next shop to Mr Woods, ,?alalp-street and Starket-square. -O-?t--O-tN sENS FA-CTS_ • On tbo ure of SCAll IN S05I F And other Cutaneouis Iliseasro, do. To be led of Jobh, Clirtetlnn I.yess.Slanufcf- turing Chrneilt, Ic., 115, Eliitilieth-,treet, opposit, Postl.oft,,, Slelbtonrne, aid at IlIs Sledlei l Dlspen saro and ald establalided Drug tatore, l,-llg-treet, fIOAI.S selailed1 in any small qinattltiec, at th.e 5.1 rate of 3S per cwt, at No l Jnmes-ltreet. NI.l-Atly pretalid odlers,oit not less than 2 osl deliveredl irca of ractago anywhere about town or tsuburbs. tO.L of beot Quality, at a reduced Pficr. ) Thorne. Klmber, eid Ceo., La Trko Terrace, nrnr thie Rlalway 'Tenhilu. 'ttedSIUTINoi PartVnlrshlce.p.- Notlre is I 1 Irieiy given tin tile portnersbtip lately en. uiglin bi ticen tle unnlerelinedl as oine tluerclantls, Itl tile toint, of leelotng, iti the' coloiny of Victoria. trail[tlll nitdtr the tiri of" honto tirotllrs eotl Cii" ii u tleriolr i i on time 151tday ofJonuary Inti. th Ie knUeLscot will hleiencttlrti tie rorriedl en) y tthe u inder tntid. Charles t nntlea. Dated tllla 1711, day t Januuary, 1250. CIIAS. SNANTES. G.\V. NANTES. Wlteos--J. Slortyr. ofGerelong, Not ary Public. 'E tlA'S SElr:C'I'ION ; or, the Saintl .lelody, Last ellitiiion ROW?nsalt Dookollter, lttnorabtoal-treot. Rit MACKIN lua reitovedl ta 92, Yarra-streer, K) opposite the Wraloynos Chapel, 2st Januacy, 1W0. D , 'ARTiUR, 17, Iiardinia-strcet, has , on Sale Roseaood sofas Waxcloths Scouches o. centre pieces fith cabrioli and Chair web turned legs Curled hair Rosewood and mahogany Dow,. feather, hlair, flax, footstools and cotton mnattrasscs Iron ottomans antd pillows Sbedsteads Brass cornices Dumasks, assorted colors Brass poles, plain and Coburgs, , reded Chitntzes, ,, Pole ends, rings, brackets Worstedl fringes ,, agle oruameats Curtain gimps , Curtain bands Chalir do Iron stretchers Lace curtains Patent blind mounintg BIrown sleeting French rod endls Table covers Sofa and chair springs Manroou bkins And a general assortment of upholstery trimmings on liand. lattrasses re-made, bed and window curtains fitted up to any design, carpets madle and fitted to rooms. D R.f MINGAY SYDER informnns the public, tlnt not one single article of Ilis "personal property" or debt has beent taken it execution, and tihat any person passing casht or olther "per sonality" otllerwlsc than to Ihimscll or nls Attorney must abide by tihe cosequences. '' feCash to lend on security. Oftices, Celsus Cottage, Skeue-street, New Town. January 22did, l?ss. FRUIT. FRUIT. FRUilT.-Apples in any iquantity, 155 per bushell. Plums, 22s. On sale at lnry ald Co., Fruiatt Store, 107 and 109, La trob Terrace. RIENDLY Re-Union Dinner, at Bohn's Swan hIotel Fyasi Ford.- Gentlemen whT have purchased 'ickets for this Dinner, are in tbrmedl that, ill consequence of the necessary absence fro town of several frends who are desirous ofel being preoestt atie Dinoner, it has been deeAlred ex pedlntt Ly tlhe Stewards to postpone it till Saturday tlhe tOth o February (full moon.) By order, Win. BOIIN. IOUNTAIN OF FRIENDSIIIP HOTEL. SThomas Warren having succeeded in obtaln ing a Publican's general license tbr the above hlotel, situate near Cowic's lreek, on tis direct line of rood to tie far famed Steiglitz diggings, Ilaving laid is tin excellent stock on witeo, spirits nles, Sc., to suit tile nmost fastidious. The house being entirely new with every conveniences.T. W. solicit wltll confidence itie ?tronage of tile pub lic, and particulairly that of his ftrientd thie diggCer, wltee they will at all tinmes meet withl good nc. commodation and civility at reasolablo charges. F OR HIRE, Carriages, Dog Carts, Saddle hilorses on reasonable terms. Union liotel Stables, -Malop- street. JNO. MONTGOMERY. URINITURE, London-made---A largc and splendid Assortment unpacked, and now on view at thle Stores of TIIORNE, KIoIBER & CO. La Trobe Terrace. near the Railway Terminu F IL'IeERERbs.- tIn sale, a large assort ment or Fllterers. F. BAUIER. H.yrie-t reet, G elong. 1IIEEtCI Prhited 7IUSLINS and A small assortment Splendid Patterns. now open ing by tB O\Vt1, BIaOTltERS, S lalop-strer. SIREPROOF WROUGlIT IRON SAFES, suitable for storekeepers, merchants. or bankers, fitted with partltouas, drawers. Ac.. with patent detector locks and keys, etc., etc., etc., ex Brilliant, for sale by BROWN, 1ROS, M?lop-street. EORGE MERCER, AWHOLESALE AN G RETAIL STATIONERt and ACCOUNT BOOK IANlUFACTUIiEIt. price. lie dos saor profess to sell at an at.aLxMLO sRa rinfce I ruled Ile does not rofes t" polouw to naivs trlade"i ie does not. profess to have complete sets of books which are not to be found in stock when asked for l He does not profess to advertise some oods alta low price, and charge high o r othters lie doc notuln ollher words, proesas to humbug the BUT, He does profess, and will prove it, that he is the Cheapest and Best Stationer and Accoe.s-Boou anutacturer in Geelong. He does proaies to have tlie Best Stock of Sta tionery, and to sell at Lower prices than any other ihouse i Oreelong I He does profess, and it is generally ack nowledged by the most eonpetent julges,that he is thie Best and Cheapest Jlanulacturer ot Account Books inl tile colony, and tile very hIandsome testimonial prereted hinm by the Judges ofthe Melbourne Eaxhibtion will prove this satistiactorily. H profeses to acknowledge these are "liard Times" ani tlhat this circumstance alone has coimplled hin in order to do businse- Sla .T, To erduceevery article he tradcs or manufac. tures to tile very lowest paying p eice. Scoxv, To ensure a continuation of that liberal patronage bestowed on him, tie will keep nse but the very best articles, and make up from the very bestmaterials. To keep such an assortment and variety of stock, at such prices whleh lie feels confident a discerninig piubil will appreciate. N.Bl.--llis sole object being a large trade and net o nett a large profit.ae M CER, ODpposite the Tank M orabool-stres C EELONG and Melbourne Rlailwvay Company. -Notice is hIereb given that a Special Gene rat Meeting of the Shrcholders of thie Geelong and Melbourne llalisay Company wrill be hIeld at the Company's Offices at Gteelong, oil T'ftasn., thle 20tii day of January ilsatant, at noon, for tile elec tion ofat Director of tile Company in tile place of Win. G. iMeiKellar, Esq., venoigttd. Blolders of twenty si?.o.i or tnore are eligible as directors. Centlemen willing to serve if elected, are requested to comnmunicate with tile Secretary on or before tile 29ill ilst. Shareholders will be entitled to vote in respecot o their shares, as follows,. viz.: For 3 shlares I vote, and f'or every additional six lshares one vote; not mr.re thllt ten votes to be with any one person. Vote, may be given by proxy, provided tile same pcrso shall not vote as proxy ler at)- nulmber of peasons, ho together shall be proprietors of more thlan 500 shares. CIIARLES N. TIsORNE, President. RINDSTONES. -- eo?acastle and Bilatone, front 8 in. to o in. diameter. at lHuxley and Parker'a, Marble antd Stone Yard, Little Collins street, East, lelbourlsc. GEORGE WRIGHT, AUCTIONEER ANi GS.co?s, Cos?eu'os Aotnr, West Ryric-street, O elong. O0-AIIEAD STEIGLITZ A Conveyanca will start from the George loteli Paklngton-streot, Ashtby, "wsit I'assengers only;i everysy onday Wednesday, and Friday, leaving Stelglltz on its return every Tuesday, Tllursday, and Saturday, at 9 o'clccl:, a.m. sharp. GEOIIGE LiNDAU. Sole Proprietor. H OUSE anti LAND) AGENCY OFFICEac . 2, Great Ryrie.street, East. We keep a free Irtegiatry of nFarming Lands, Shops, Cottages, and all descriptions oflt eal 'r. Perty both for private sale and to let, full partlca Iars of which are furnished on applcation.--lents collected. JAMES IIENDT R CO., [louse, and Land Agents. Agents to the -'Provident Institute of V'ictoria" ntd tile "Victoria Freehold I.nld Society." _]OTEI. or Store for the Cotntry.---Iron Stores, variosts distensionst, Uned, floorsc anti partitioned tllronglhout with grooved anit tongued hoards, costracted s be erectedi ntl sUY ai tle diggings. I'lans and particulars atrtsie Careron Tlmber Yard, 72, Fll11derlane east, Melbourne.. ENIRY PEARCE, yoa are required to cal H on your brotter eriter at tr Cuy Uennett's Uo Inn,It llko oret Geelont or on hi S - . .. ..JAMES PEASICI. IF thiishshould 'incet 't el eye of Joaln Foster, " nsgol 20; eof Isa Trobhe Terrace and wle was .Ilme, and walsedton a erstel, lie will hsar oa Ilii father, by writing to tie cure si er dltrca, Leulon YPR OVED ' AFAEIIICAN" : PASSENOGER Ct)A IES, h~ighlly fnttslaledtcasy and light. to carry roni llns to cighlten taessingtrs, antasufas tretof gusentleed eolonlatl-eeasonetl Angisll ash Can be seets Istinishet sn in prngress it Wllitamts' coach fictry, it7, Collinsistreet d?ast, eleboaurne. IMMF.NSE REDUCTION IN THE PIhICE OF SADDLERt'.--It'CALLU.1t A MItKENZi. lave reeivedi, per Ilon itrrivats, seme heavy eon' sigtttments on tile mast nurlotler goods, ill tile suite line. to an extent more stitltihe pu tIliarst titan til plcreiet times, aitd hlticll have beest selecteslt b sitelr priedceeerxe, 3s Jitoc Cose, wlioso wet known piracticall and colonial experience will be all ohl c lolonia , a tsutI'oicnIt gitaratntes far quahlL anti stitabllltv M*C. & MR. hlsvlng ttus obtailned a sitoek de hltedly tll hietviest and. best seleoetei i.thst cniolaies, are Its a pleslloi., utud sre tietersiined ti dlsosa al thee asaio at prices wtllich shall defy coat e e Thetrauel supplled. IFE !-Iee-Ice.-icc.-Tc.? MellborneaIcei Company have tite plensitre of nitnoutelnig t, itse Inlhinbltanta oflGeelotn g nd tit ncentit t ossetta that Itl ctesitauonco of much greater enourca e nmeattha n I ntlt tiptted, tlluy Ihnvo adoptetd tIte Io tluiwlnlow serice, twhtich tleyc conlthlestly bellevi ti ll t ace this stalt necessary article wlthln sti retch of every al*.lsen, Delivered MI relbourne, in qlantiitis, 4d perlb, O01LV.K and nourI?on, Agents,, N the Cotuntty Court of Grant-Lascelles V. Syder-Fl. f.--I hereby give notice that I hlave this day purchased tie goods cbattles, ch1ore in action, and other perhalo pl~roplerty of Sir ,singay Byder tihe above benamed defedant nd sop, iolly all lits book debts, nod I require all per sons indebted to the said .1i?lgay Syder to pay the amount of their said debts to me, aln to no other person, or they wilt be sued forthwith for tile amounts of the saol debts. WILLIAMl DEVAN, t4, Union-street, Geelong. IN thie County Court of Grant.-Toole v O'lra.--FPl. PF.-Unless hile above execution be previously sati?tled, tile iegistrarr of thle County Court of Crsnt will cause to be sold at his oftllee, Union-street, cGelong, on Saturday, the 2th llit stnnt all andt e ngular the oetds, elhnitels, ellcae ill action ndl other persona property, within the Jurisdiction of this Court of or to which the above inamed defedant is or may be posesseed or entited or which lhe can either at taw or equity assign or dispose of. GEORGE IAYNAItll), ithotitt. TN the Estate of Altai tie Lacey.-All creditors Swho tlave signed the deed ofn assignment in tile above estate wllt have theirtclaims settled by cating at tile oficc of ircssrs. bandiord sand linrwood, solicitors, Market-square. TIIOOSiAS A. LASCELLES, Junr., For tile Trustees. January 72nd, 1850. PORTRAITSI I'ORTRAITosI S TUIIRNER'S PORTRAIT GALL RYS , S 24,' Great Ryrle-street. Opposite F. Bauer's, Ironmongery Warehouse. r TURNER respectfuli annotnces that lihe S' has fitted up the nabor premises expressly for taking roosarl'e, either on silver plates by the Dononensorve, or on Glass by tile elStw Co ciloox process and bring provided with instruments on tihe mot perfect description, lie can in all states of tihe weather guarantee likenResres ill thue most ap proved style, and at very moderate cinrges. Dark dre.ses it eouti, silk, wool, etc., (either plain, striped. checked or it tartan) are recm mended torladiea and children; lisght fancy-colored ane wlhite dresses produce fahded-looking impres seloe, and shloul tlherelfore be avoided. Young children can best he taken in tile early part of the day. 'fle public are invited to call and inspect tile various speeonens, tile prices of vwhich are all marked in plain figures, thus enoabling everyoneat naglance to see. tie seale ofcharges. Coinie taken of statuary, tei paintings, en tE rav .g, dagucrreotype, etc., also views ot build lgs etc., etc. NAý..-Arrangements have been made to send a package by every mail veoei for Etngland; persons wisllilg thus to transmit likenesses to their friends at home, will have them safely sent FRco OF ??e • xraA enAace. lot January, lai0. JOSEPH GARLICK, in thankini his friends for tile three years' liberal support lie Ihas received at their heands, begs cleaverespectfully to inform them that all ordners io CSOARtCOAL Iullock Loaends She Oak Firewood Directed to Josephl Garliek, care of S r lorkham saddler, ioorubool-strect, South Gee!long, will meet with doe attentio,. Nov. 13,1855, 17 UST l'ublishbd, priecOle Slhilling, the Geelong SDook Almannen, IeO5.-Pubalishedr by TIlOL3tS IBROWN, Jlovrabool-street; and soid by all Biooksellers. I1ME Which will not blister.--- GEORGE BPRIGGINB continues to supply Ils store in James-street, Geelong, with freshr burnt Lime every day, in 1,1, anti 3 bshlel bags, at the rate of 2s per bushel warranted first-rate quality. Any prepaid orders left with iMr IIAYEC, at tii store will be delivered within five dlcis of town, tree of artoce. LADIES' Parisian made IBoots, satin and kid stippers Enamelled leather slippers Girls' Parisian mnde hoots, just landed BROWN, DIBOTIIERS, o , lalop-street. LET TS' DIARIES8 ..-- Letto' Diaries, At G. 5IERCER'S, Opposite the Tank, ltoorabool.street. TO lILIf??GLLEIE AlSD DRAPERS. RS. ROSE, tyrie Cottage, Ityric-street East, Second Verandah Cottage beyond the Hospital Millinery of every description made up on the shlortest notice,. for tile trade only, in tie newust styles of Parisian stid L.ondon fashion. M IIH. iOUItIKE'S WFSTERN HOTEL svraeaa-seaorT, Ge.oLeNa. The Western liotel is delightfully situated om manding a magnificent view of tile bay and ship ping; and gentlemen or families visiting Geclong, will in every respet tindl tide tie emost coafortnablo and convenient. house Of aoy In the colony. Tle culinary department is under tie super intendence of a sicned Soyer. and any and every palate must be pleased! chopsc stealc:, tili hc., can be had at nlly hour of the day ioe one shilhing. Als ordinary daily, at 2 p.m., when every delicacy of the easeon is on thie taeble, acnd the different courses lurnished foIbr two sillings and sixpence is such as to excite universal admtiratin. 'TheI wines, spirits, and ale, are all of superior quality. The stables are under tle superintendence of an experienced g.'oom, and supplied with tile best of forage. The proprietor in gratefully acknowledging tile liberaliaml unprececdentecd paitron e he has received since opening tile above hlotel, icegs respectfully to inform Ilis patrons uand tile public at large. that no exertion on his part shlucl ice spared in order to maintain aet increase tiet reputation he hias already acquired. A conveyance is in sttendance t all thIe steamers from Mlelboerne. aud passengers to tile Western Ilietel aire coenveyed gratis. 'file Estafette Line of Coacllce for Ballanrat and Fiery Creek,leave thie above hloteldally. Passengers booked to asiy tort of tile diggieus. ONUMENTS, Tombs aid Ileadstlones, of Snewest desigsns at ituxley and Parker's Stone aod Manrble Yard, Little Collins-street East, Melbourne. 4ONEY.- Money advanced in tmall sums 1 on good security.. Appdy to t Come'shlon Agent, Gt. ltyrie-street west .l N'S CLOT 1i ING SSuperfine black clothl DrOes Coats, silk facings iDo do do Froek Coats, do do Do do do ltochford Coats, do do Do do sdo Fancy DoeCoats Do ido do ond'tfrweed Vests Shepherd's plaid. Tweed and Doe Troweers Extra Voollei Cord Trowsers Cotton Cord 'lfrotwcers lIloleskin 'frowseer Whiht lineti Iochford Summer Coats and well made Loudon goods, now landing and for sale by BROWN, BROTHERS, ___?lop-street. ,xr ALOP-STiRE T SAW MILl, and TLIBER 1t- YARD, opposite the Theatre, Great Iltaop. street, Geelonig. The uiodereiguned hl constantly on sale, a large qauntity of all khlds of ltildlng Timber, whiich will be sold at very reansonable prices- Dials of the best quality, from 10 to 30 feet isne lharcdood and deal quartering, joists, and battens Weathller and lining hoards A superior olt of grooved and tongued flooring Doors and asorhes, colonial made, as cheap as those imported Posts an I rails, palings Wire feacing Chaif cut by steam, for fdrmers or cthers, or sold wholesale anti all kinds of farm pro due parohased. Ballnrat buyers r rrequested to call previous to going to Mlelbourne, as tie undersigned is deter milled to sell at nuch prices as shall commnssd for Geelong a slhare of that trade wohsic s naturally belongs to It, anld not (as hlas been too much the case In geelm g) drive away from iits town a trade, which can be as welt dose bnre as in 5el!oeuntre. JAL. G. ROBINt)ON. Jnnnary, 151. r NOTIOE'io tihe Public.--1, tlcein'dersigned heaving purchased debts due to J. A. Gregory Rich., Slnrket .saunrer, - herebyq inform those porsons indebted to that firm, tlsat Teomes iltller t'lchtoek, 23, Gerii Iyrte-street west. is nppointd to etllect tie same, and hoils tsel title seeds sennneetll thcerevwith; and nsless tle accounts are settled at tile earliest opportunity, gleg pro ceedlngs villtbe taken toirecover the same. W ILLIAM ItINEY. Oeelong, November its, 1b5y. NTUGGET CONVEYANCE, to andh from .1 Wnarily Tullonk unil Lyuton's Dlggisigs, within twenty-five miles of Fiery Creek. and most direct croi to Fiery Crobk, leaves th1r lslek aull erery Jlondoy, Wedtenecdny, and Frhlny ot 7 a. m., trri?. ltag at 3 pc.h same day, ansd returneing eacls succeed. ?ooklng Other, Bltace Bullhiotel, undthlejuncllon of the flnck Lead, Lnton's. Proprietor NOTICE .of ILEsIOV`L.-Is-Mssrs. Valey, llroes Dctcblers, opposite tie Crown ]lntel, Mrreerr-streohb is tornsri their numeroas eusto. mers, c tlio ubcgenerully, tbat is consequence o the ex snd dusty stltantlon and yii ndap=s tlon of the slhop thy at present oecepy to pesservo so pernishble an article its a cleanly and snarket. able codsitties, they are indscend to transfer thicir business to theose new als enxtenstve promises, in course ef erection, sltacte oslsoly Opliceite thelr forner resdatecie upon whisols they enterThsurtdny, SJaunuory 2ith, 8.. -• Varley, Iroilse ro desire to state that no pninsc or expense -linve Ibeen npycred to render thleir now rstanliishmmrti iia nvery ceny eligieble for carrying on SnIlrst-rato batslest, isacdl iceUe tis sneeL moltl ithct 5o eouerngsmeat mhlsioh it sllal ovor be tlcer stuciy to deserve. m.'B.-Tlio sbhvo are puaehnsocrn of a good Spring Cort, NOTICE.--.All parties indebted to the Estate nrofTnroman A shworth,lito of Geelong, Solicitor, are requlested to make immediate puymru~nts to .lrs Ashnorth admindstratrix, and a I poeroans Iaving claims ntainst aid estate are required to turnilo tith eae to ALEXi. FIIAtSEII, Solicitor, Market-square, fr adjustmen t. Geelong, 22nd Deceumber, 1855. NOTICE.-Arrang1 ments taking effect from the Telbourne and llobsons Bay intilway Conmpany for tile Transit to and trote ltobson'a Ilay of Goods lid PuePngerl ex tile a. S.. Co.'s eteamorL, tile underslgned beg tott nctlfy tt ub,eqruently to the above date tile Lydney asleancer at present on this tat on wtll embark and land lp:etengier Sc., at tihe rtrlhway ehr. 1V. P t. ,IIITE and CO., A. SN. Co.'s agents, wharf, Melboaroe. NOTICE.---F. E. BEAVER, begs to intimate S to his friet.da otd tilhe pnll'le, that lie lhas and nittedi Mr It. A. Cotte, as it partner lad tlhat tile tusiness of Auctionlcrs and Cotnlaission Ageats villbe carried on at No. 30 Collins street, west, next tthe Criterna tIollr h tel, boue, under tile stylo ana frrm of iteavwr and Coatfy. OTICE of ]IEMOVAL.-R. lrown begs to inform Itsnumoerou customers and friends that he llts tnaken tlhoe commodious piremises from It. Goldoaroagh, irq.,opporite the Fllt, Flintderr street, wet, Metlbourne, where lie Intends carrrying aon his bustness asn Wholesale andltetatl Mlcrchnnt Staving several vessels in tile colonial trade, viz., the acrew-stesltrrtp Maid of tile Yarra, & laroposa, lobaotns,,c., lie will always Iroe on band a supply of tto bent colonial Ilour, oats, brantc .ty, potatoes also. posts and rails, joist, quartering, paling, &c.;, at the lowest possible rates. Country storekeepers supplied on tbe most rea sonable teroms. I. BROWN, Flinders-street, Melbourne. NOTICE OF REMIIOVAL..-- W. S. Walker begs to intimaote to Iris friends and tile public nf Geelong and Iallarat. that lie ls removred from tlt Ilay loarlet Store, lyera-street, to thlose corn modious premises situated in tMoornbool-street, nearly opposite tbt Tretasury, and lately occupied y Alexatnder Sayers and Co. W. S. W. in raturoing Ills sincere ttankt to Iis friends of celong and iBllarat for the very liberal aupport lie Iast enjoyed, begs to intimate that in addiition to tlel, Froduce business, lie has made arrangements lor the tbrwnrding of goods to all tile dlggings, aud that being possessedof a few first class horses and steady drivers, parties can depend o an hour 'nt any time for t le arrival of their goods. Slo tie storekeepers and othera of Ballarat and surrounding digfings, their orders for all kinds' of goods will meet wolg strict attention as to prices, quality, and punctuality. Adtdres, Produce and out SIay Depot, Moorabool street. NOW tEADYI, "The Geelong Sheet Almanac, 1850" containing all requisite in formation. The Trade and nwketrs supplied by the pub Usher TIIOJAIAS BROWN, Printer and Stationer, lMoorabool- treet.' Advertisers are respectfully requested to forward their advertisements as soon as possibla for the Book Almanac", as tlhe publisher wishes to get it resdl early for toe new year. Advertisements re celved up tothe 18th inst. NEW DRIUG.HALL.-M'Do .AL. & COL Onnmoc~, wholesale and retail Druggists- Great Ityrie-street, Geelonng. Orders Oham tile country punctually attended to OTICEI 'to Everybody v-Five" Porulds Reward.--Lost front IrSEL oICK'S Paddock, Buninyong,' an Bright Day Mare, with star on forehead, near hind fot white, branded D L near ribs; any person giving such inlormnation as will lend to her recovery, will receive the above reward. MR. SELLICIC : Crown Hotel, Bunninyong. -N SALE by.ithe Undersigned. Butter, ?nndles, Cheese . Currante, Jams, bottled Fruits Curry Powder, Cider, Cutty Pipes, " Bottled Beer. Sherry lIock" Pontan. and Ginger iVtnes Scotch Wliskty Raspberry Vinegar Bitters, ho J. 'E1EADIIICK & Co, - SLittle nlalop-street west.. SN S A L E,' by the undersigned' .Dens, cut and uncut Scotch flooring nnd American lumber S Battens, hard and soft wood Paing, 5 nd n feet Weatherbsoards, 7 and 9 inch Quartering and joist Doors,4 panel, alsoa sashes The above will be sold cheap, anddelivered to any part of Geelong free of carortae for cas, by Craigend Saw Mils, Victoria Terrace, ~N? SALE, by te undersignal, ex Christian Sfrom Cope as en 7500 buscls prima Danish Onats, equanl to eo 1200 do bran.. Danilo butter, Ist quality, in jars, whole and half firkins 15 casks pearlbarley 100o cases superfine nour Prime re?d Baltic deals and boards, planed, tongued and grooved 10,000 bricks Ex sundry sldps Salad oil, Batty es Soardlnes, in half and quarter tine Patno and Java rice' " Neva and French candles LNE matches, in cases, each 50 and 30 gros. LCOIIOR t Co.. ' 38, Flinders-lane west, Melbourne. N SALE, cx Celestial and Texas, from New 150 crsks prime sugar cured hams 100 do do Goshen butter °Oo tins Englishl dairy cheese 630 do buscult, soda, sugar, butter, water and fantcy 300 half.barrels Brandywine cornmeal : 2,0 cases Staugbtoe's bitters (Davis'I 150 d pre-erred lchicken, goose, and turkey, lib and 2lbtin " 100 do half.gallon brandy peaches 200 do adamantine candles" 250 packages dried apples 0 cases saalmon and lobsters, llb and 21b 100 do honeydew tobacco halif.lbs FISKE & Ca., 95 and 97, Swanston-street, MIelbourne, SN SA L E by the undersigned-- 0 oboxes candles Belmont, sixes Currants, in cwt boxes Double rose Cork butter, Honan's 500 bush whole omaze 1000 do New Zealand oats ex Unclo Tom 50 rases Cooper's pint pickles, two dozen each 3 Ilogsheadi and qr-.casks pals sherry Bardon's Byaass's ale and porter, in bottle larzetti's dlo do Barclay and Perkins' do do Cumberland tbacon. ROOEItTSON AND STEVENSON, 1a, Elizabeth-street, cornerof FUnders"lane, ONE Pound Reward.--Stolen or Ftrayed, from t1e Bed Lion Inn, Moarabool-street, brindle hull terrier bitlch, short ears and short tail. Answers to the name of t.ema. Any person brlnging the above bitch to Alexander Sme Leod, on the pretmises, will receive the above reward. DREVIOUS to Alterations, a great atle of SFurniture and btitrasse Conway's Furni. ture and Bedding Warehousec, opposite tile London hlotel, Maloorabool-street. W'. C. laving taken the adjolning premises, and intending to tnke extensive lteriatiots, lie Ias de tirmlned to elol hi pIt tresento stock, (and no reasonable offer ciUll be refused,) cotprlsing- about 250 Ihair, cotton, iockt and othoer m-ttrasseo A large asurtnlaetot of atulffed-bottoned eltairs, sofas, eouches and rosy chairs, in hairelotlo and leather Iron ant wood bedsteads, in great variety: Telescope and othoer dininog taoles COheffollOlrs, Nianofortea. and booacateses 5 large g'laeera caes withl shlng sashes Mteat sates 12 dos lelt hats Se lbs. of mop cord Bnoots, soes, ntomkings, ,c., Ar, Obhervo tile addreso--, CON O'Y'S Fa?urnlo and Mtattress ?Varehouse, Opposite the London Ilolel, • " t-, 8oarahosol-street, elong. D LtIIUI NOTIC 1-It bavinabeen reported •- to me that mono- persons, maillng themselves Dr, Smith, Surgeon,, o.; are protlslttg under my name, issuing -bils ot an oflonsivo nature, and by ltreir igaoronom. and want of medical experienoe, diptoruso an.* arerutnitt my reputation in tthe putblln mindi, I *ermsslon to state thlat my solo resIdencel sat 1nt10 tioorke-street, eastl and'l beg furtter to say, that I am indnced to put this notice before tile public simplyin salnf-deaottce, and at tile earnest retueat of many oss my pantiots,.whto have been deceived in tlte maturer a mention. ,My.plls having been Inltatedl, to prevent fratid, notte am genuno uanleso they hats on oachl box my slnatnre, and thOe words 00 Ir. L. 0.. Smtith's Vore. tadl' Pills" printed In white on a red cover. " : ,I remain tte public'a h eumbloe sorvutt . . " .1OUIS i., SMITiO, L.A.C. And Mombrrof tile Medical Board of Vie. aria. 107. Bourhoe-ltreot. east. pUBCLlO NOTICO.-Thos fushlionnabh Pget Coat, madteto menssure, 35s- ilth Porte tiolt Sncqtto, abso, to order, 315.-JAMES DIiSON M1e rchttnt Tailor, Ilttther Cloother, and Gtortom Ottfltter, supplies geottlttno cwitlt faahlointblo tnd seasonable trousers I?nade to order, for 2os per pair also, with seasonable suits nf cltotlnct, nladte to meoasore, at toree guineas the suit. A perfet f0t u Obeervo--lll, Bouko-street East, PARniNl lSIPi 'NOTICE.-I have this day T Iadmitted s Partner In my protsslon. Ir. clletrd A. Dowden Architect andi Surveyor. IC 'I'lhe business ashll for the future be carried on Cr uleNer the style oaf Shaw and Dowden, Architects, Engineers, and Surveyors. an JOSEPH L.. SIIA\Y. re Office, 74 Ynrr-treet, January 14th, 1 "56 PIAN(IFORTE.-- The advertiser wiusres in stroction on this instrument. Apply,'stating erms, to "INID),"offilce of this paper.. : i UEENSCI.IFF HOTEL, 'tueenscliff.---' SWILLIAM LAIOIY begs to inform his Heonde And tie public generally, tlut it 1l now in his power, owingo to arrangements which hlie has'to recently ecolleted, to aiufford them nn opportunity it' f entJlying to tile fulleat extent tile seaside and ra urul pleasures for wlhich QuellrcltF ofbers ncili- W ties unrivalled in tie colony of Victoria. It will Io'hl? anxiotus desire to render tile natural advantuges of *this 'bueautiful wntcring-' pSlace available it their entirety to all who may. W favour his establishmentlwilh ,a visit. To tile ti invalid or c.,nvalcsent heo can offer, In udditios to tie nvugorating sea air and varied scenery, these - dcllcucies wllch a feeble appetite requires to aeekers oiter pleasure, IlorEeR and verLlees, whhelt will enanlte them to visit the varioua plates of nterest in the neighlbourhood; ntnd to parties on Husourcs, boats for conveyance to and irom ship. ping, or quick transit to Gelong at any hottr. The Iotol eina been afitted up in firasst-ns style, with private slttting rooms, airy and comfortable bedrooms, and a balcony whtlch commands a splendlid view of the sea on.one side, and ofttle noble expanse of tile Bayon. tte other.. Meals can he had at any Iour, and tle charges will in every. instance be on tle most moderate scale. ..lt.-Telegrapic messages promptly atten. r ded to. m tBEnlT EASTON, your wife, Mary Ann Easton,who left you at Mount .loriat Janunry twelve months, to go to tlle Diggings, Creuwickt Creek, is most anxious to hear from you, addressed to hler, Postt ffie, Geelong. . ... :' Any intelligence of sim will be Itankfully ren, ceived at Mrs Iourko's Boaod and Lodging House, Great yrie-street. .. - -. ) ANSOME'S' PATENT' Ctiir' CtiTmsR, 'n o ±0 Sale by'thte undcrslgned./' ' " °' \- A variety of the above celebratedmachines with all the latest improvements. - .s . F. AiAUER,'Ryr ie- sntreet. EAPING Matcines.-'-For-sale, cheap, two S"'of I usoclys improved Seaptlng lactines. Iu Apply to r ate stezie, at the Cigend Flours and Saw l lls;.b y. . · . ·" . . ,. i , - QTIRAW ,onnets.---Straw Bonneta.---I ldiece ma" hItS their Straw Bonnets cleaned and altered'-mnl done -up in a sulperior style, by J.r CltlIStI",lO, 5t'tnillop-strct three doors west of t tlse Iridpendent Clmrcbl. . Panama and Cabbage Tree Hlate cleaned. - SHEEP FR" S E.- For' Sale,: 2.000 * wethere and 4,000 ewes, 'ualf of them fit for tile butcher, tree of snab, and tile ewes not in lamb. Early application to the undersigned. TIIO1IAS DOWLING. S' Jalulubad, Elspitant Bridge, f S Jan. n, 1t56. r o, HLtan.ICHuANTS and Others, . requirAng SStorinR Yard. OGILVIS and tOBINfSON, beg to Inform Ser. etants and Consignees generally, that having this day leased from the Crotn, an allotment ofGronnd at thle corner of Corio Tt'errace and Yarra-street, they are now prepared to receive f.r sale either by public auction or privately, with re'ponslbilisy. shipments o ti tiber, calsa. or otherbulky' ntateriul. Tihey beg rtL to ostate, tlhat it is their intentios to hold ,weekly saleby auction, of all suchd muterill -tte first ef eltcht sales to take place on Saturday next, the 26th inst., on the ground. -o Architects, Buildets, and Proprielorb.- i Sewerare Pipeu.-ncneeeage Pipes.-Naw land- r ing ex Balmaoral, 2,5r0 glaued eurthenware sewerege pipes. 3, 4, 0, n, aad 12 incises diameter, with all tile necessary bends, junctions, and sink traps. Also, 1500 ridce and t6h floor tiles. C'arron Timher Yard, i2, Flinders Lane east, Mrel bourne. ri 5 j'a5Bf5,1'tfi.-Waned, to take charepo of I one or two children at hier home. by an ex perienced Engllisn Nurse, reciding in a healthy part aftIte toswn; would not lbjec to an itttant from thlt birth; good references given. Address, ren o rjIE Colonial Bank of Austtalasia.-To the S Sharehottlers of thle Colonial tank of Auetra. lasia.-T, a Board of Directors have to announce to the Sharelholders t,,e appointment of Tlhomas Elder Boyd, Esqauire to be principal manager of this - institution, at slelbourne 'OHN O'SHASOASSY, Governor. Melbourne, ilt January, 1056. TJIIE Farmer's Exchange --James Rattray colonial prodnce broker, late Auctioneer Little .Salop-street, is now enabled to announce to ,rowers and holders of colonial produce, that Ite is now in a position to render them, as well as I1im. self, esseetial service by the facilities whlichhisa newly adopted business affords for the speedy dis poeal of tlheir harvests. rpHE Farmner's Exclhange.-James Itattray, late Auctioneer. Little Malop-street. htavingv sold off his old stock, and removedt to tile opposite C corner of tllhe same street, respectfully invites n public attention to Itis new store and estock. On sale tills duay 3 tons prime potatoes t 2 tons Chilinn fluour q 0 casks new grass butter 100 bushels barley n S3 tonas sugar I Glenfleld stareh I A nd otlher lchief commodities. t All warranted. rITHE FAIIMrRS' EXCII.NGE.--J.IMES S'RIATTItAY, Colonial Produce Broker. respect-l fully intimates to contractors. foragers, livery atalI keepers, ac, that lite is commissioned to dis ose of One stack of prime timely gathered hay, measuring about fifty tons,--mny be0 S either lifted er reserved. Also One small stack Osl new hay. measuring . abeut.t,'eClrvetone- cheap, TO0 ILLINERS --- Hands Wanted.---Mrs RoSE. Ryrie Cottage, tyrie-steeet east, second r verandall cottage past te..Hospiltal. END ERS S fo'HAY.-Wanted, for the T wwekly supply of tnay at the several Stations of the Criterion Coaches, vliz--Bates' Ford, Clyde Ilotel, Mluddy Water iloles,lMercdith, Corduroy Bridge, Buninyong, and IBanllarat. 'Lenders willt be received up to tlte 23th instant, at British Ilotel and Victoria HIotel, Geelong; Pay mente mnly. HENRY DEWING & Co. T 'ENDERS will be received until noon of SEThtursday next, tile 2ith Inst., for the building and finisling of a four-roomed \Veatherboard Cot tare; close by the Berramongo Viueyard, Barrabool The Contractor to find materials, except lime, stone, and bricks; entire cartage wli be provided. Further particulars and plans can be had at the office of.lessrs. Swanston, Willis, and Stephen. January Ltlh, lS56. | IO Storekeepers, Drapers, Dealers, anti Others. I CUsa31iNG, ItItOTrllElS and CO., beg to re mind tile trade generally ltut iltey purclase. direct from tile mnlluftcturcrs every tlecription of Drapery and Slop Goods, which they continue to opent up In qutauttlies to tuil ttt trade. They would call special altenttion to thelr present stock on hand and to alrive, suitable for tte season, and which thley are prepared to dispose of on terms moit favorable to purchunsrs. Cumming, Brothers and Coe. Importers and General tlerchants, 20, Colin-street East, Melbourne. IO LAND PURiCiIASERS.-1 he ander ] signed wishes to e lform tite public, and par tlcularly New Arrival, that ht is always readya on tile slhortest noticre, to point out te Landsa for bale; and eleo, to oiler useful inlbrmation respecting those Lantls open Ior selection. From it long Colonial and practical experience, (now fourteen yclrs) his knowlege of tile cenntry may prove ot treat importancce to the purcll.tcr. Ii. SI. GAIIOAOD , Surveyor, Lloytd's Clatmber, Iuulop.street sest. Geeloni. tI3HlE unmrsigned is a purcltsecr oa, or will I advance money on all description nttstrnlture, wearing apparel, "wathes, jewellery, gus, pistols and every tercriptior ot misaellanteous property. A note addressed, portiunwill be waited upon at thteir residence. Tile strictest secrecy mny be re. lied on. *g. u ,,EVAN, Pawnbroker, 11, Union-street, Geelonrg. .Otober 2Ste1s 1tO5. tI ANNEII',i Victorian tardener's Alshnack. S-Slare news far tite new year. to tile lovers of tile Floricullurui and Horticultural Arts. Now noublthed, Tantee's Victorian Gardener's Almnnack; eth tnlning, in atldillo to the usual contents ofa Ynrly Calentdar, clhoice anti original l?!rucctotns Y for the entire management.el tlse V'egetable, Flower, andl Frsit Gardens. Also. tile use and application of salts, catalogue of'seedts, ?.t.,, - , : · . Country agents suppyled on liberal terms,. TIlE Victoria Fire and Maiams Inssrdnce coempuny have. resumed thto 5arino Depart. C.St. SM1TII, Agent. Gerlon'g, 2Rtih December. 1855. THOMAS ?ulIl.ER W.ALDOOK .. Land aund laouso Agent, . .. . 3, styriotstrect, Westot, Gceelong.. eistrygl Oce. " ?. r- HE llhlstraltenl" oltdon Newst vol. 26 i Jatuary to' June, 15s. - 1 . tloorabool-street. • 'ADELAIDE FLbUIt? i.. rfHfl. Undersigned receivo regular shlipments at l ltart and Ilugahes' finn French dreesed Ada taide flour. .. . ... . WtIAITOH, CAIRD, and LITTLE, .' . Queen.strget, Sei urlO ,y ' S10 HOTEL-KEEPERS, &c.-For; Sale, byr a tile Undersloledt. a Superior Londo- mode u ICE CIlEST, or iteflgerator complete, with ce w Cream cans oulds, dA&c.; N.B.--'l'hie artiole would be a great aequeiitlon to any hotel,. now that supplies ef Ico ore constantly received from the United States. F. BAUER, Ryrie-street. \-- fl--- i HIIE Australian Medical Journal, just pub lished. Agent in Geelong, Mr TIIOMAtS t BROtVN, Moorabool.street. To be iesuedquarterly, price St per annum. THIE UNDERSTIGNEII, having Ilthose very Extensive Pemlice ottlhe Blorwon Blreakwlter.L to prepared to Scour aol Class WOOLS, and get ei them op for th a Londlon Market, on thle most Mode rate Terms; he is prepercd to purchase Grea.sy Wools or She:psktln In any quantities. h TIOiS. MAR.\HSIIALL, 'Vool lart, Mlercer-street CGeelong. All GreasyWVools fI'or Scourinc hft at T. Marslltllo Wool Slart, Mrreer-street, willUbe attended to with n tilhe Greatest Despatch. Good Dry Storage for Goode. TO Settlers.-On Sale at F. BAUIEK', Eyriec Street- Sorb's crown Sheep.hears II Y Sickles tI Patent Scythes Ilay Knives . Corrosive Subllmate Blue Stone Pitlelth Turkey Stone. . ,cb. te. HE first Twelve Volumes of the Family Herold now on Sale at TtIOSIAS BROW,''S, • " oorabool.stree O CONTRACTORS AND BUILDERS. The undersignoed thave 00 hoo, for Sale, tte -follo itg article, suitable tor a lotel or publice building:- Plate Glass-- WlndowSashea-Door--Arehitraves andoter o i -Centrepeces-Stove-.arble 2 nntelpieces--Marbele Counter Tots and Gypsum v .. t!|GltFFITHS, FANNING: Co., Little Malop-stre t, East. r TO Arcllitectural Draughtsmen. - A tho oUG ly competent assistant nwanted by Slr E. PROSE, Archlttee , Ac, Slarket-squorc, Geelong. Refeerrnc ea rquired. T?O Builders andl Others.---W. B. Hammond, Sister unat Slate Merclontlavingjust received ex Invincible a large quaatity best iBangor slates, fron tile quarries direct, and having made or rangemente with his agent Ior a regular supply of the sane, egs o'st to t his old thrields ald tip e public in general, that oe has recomalenced bust "neCs in the above line, and is now enabled to con tract tor and complete elating at the lowest pos sible price. • i. WM. B. HaT5IOND, . Clarendon.lr. et, Chitwell . Near Cricket Club ilotel. rO Parties in Search of a good Horae.--DAvI Cos, Producahe erhant, Little Ryre-street, West, has ior sale-- i iri Several superior draft horses; also some superior hackneys Also, torse drays, dog cart. D. has also constantly on sale let quality V. D. L. flour Do , l lian do Potatoes Outs, colonial and Scotoch Chat" aI Of the very best quality, and at prices to su1t the times. XTO Noblwnen, Getlemen, and Agrliculturits. Wa --ntetd by a hIigctly respeatable married man (without family) a aituation as Head Steward, or Baillff ot a Furm t he is just arrived trom England, ndotlaving tead great experienc in tile most improved methodsla of agriculture and also the buying. selling and breeding of-Stock, he respect fully offers himself to notice. Address " Ballif' at the office of this paper. TENDERIS.-,Extetion of Time.-Tenders 1 for tile several works of a shop in Yarra tsreet, for John Styles, Esq., will be received unti1 Saturday, 26th instanlt. JOHN YOUNG, Arelitect. City Chambera, M.alop-ot, west, 21st January, 10r50. WESTERN BEACH SEA BATHING COMPANY. Capital. £1,000, in 1,000 shares of £1 each, to be paid in full on allotment. To be registered according to Act of Council. COMMITTEE Chairman. Mr. W. Behan. Mr. Thomas Slater Mr. Henry Rourke Mr. Peter Striling Mr. Bean Mr. Thomas Kelly Mr. Chiln Mr. Curtis Treasurer. T. Hawkes. This Company has been etnablished to supply the wants and requirements on the western side of Geelong, Ashby, Kildare, Irishtown, dc.. with the means of enjoying the luxury of sea bathing, and who are precluded, from the great distance of the existing bathing houses from this portion of the town, from availing themselves of this great re- quisite to health and cleanliness. The Committee have fixed the shares at the nomi- nal value of £1, and in order that persons of limited means may be enabled to take shares, and have an interest in, and be partakers of, the benefit to result from the undertaking. No person will be allotted more than twenty-five shares. A site has been granted by government, and as soon as 500 shares are allotted, for which the com- mittee beg an early application, operations will be commenced. Applications for shares in the usual manner can be made to the Treasurer, members of committee, or to JAMES H. TURNER, Secretary. mE, tlhe Undersigned, having extenosive Spremises at theBrceakwater, are prepared to clads and scour wool, and get it up for the London markets, on very moderate terms. We are also purclharero ofb greasy wool, sheep ekins and tallow, in any quaotities. JAYLDoNUS GRAIL I Corio Terrace Late Stores ofJackson tlae, and Co UW AN lED, 300 Men, on lthe Railway, between the Duck Ponds and Little River, piece work, or current wages paid, with tents, wooa and water.-Apply to the Contractors, on the works. MUSSON, BOSS AND LESLE. fGeelong, Jan. lbth, l30. W ANTED, all the Farmers in Victoria, who have been at great trouble and expense in getting in their harvest, to come and wee the teaping and ThreshlngMachine now at work on Sir d uiN W SLLIA&SS; '5 Farm, Indented Heads. January 2?, 1850. ANTED, a good Female Servant; apply at 19, Alterdeen-sct.eet 2nd Jauary, 1i50. SV ANBLD a situoation as Asslstant Governes ror.Housekeeper Address, A IY, fite of this paper. A7ANTED, 500 Ewe, 4 or 6 tooth, clean t Apply tO JAMES aNOBLE. W ANTID, Grooma for the road; none need H apply except ir.t-rote men at the British Hotel, to ik. ilt1Y DEWXLNG A Co. W AdLD, a Dray, to take 8 or 10 cawt 1to olaD. Apply at the Commercial Inn, Coro-street. Alply early. I ANTbD, a reslpctablh man as Singer and Chairman. Apply to F. Carman, Game. t keeper' inotel. hor.a-reato eeog \JA-SiTED Fonr Bnlloek Drays to load wait flour, and bring wool down. Apply to W. L. LSE?, 1Public Woot Warehouoe. A W Apply T E D, Farm Servants. •O'FAIRELL & SON, lyrie.atreet ANBTED, to be "known, .that J. TO, KIN, Iron Bedstead ,aher, ax., has removed to Na 0 Great Nyrie Street, two dorsom torahool-street, whiere tedateadas are made to order, of any siae, pattern, or I rice, aloo, Smitl's Soreb of every deaenptlon, olA NA ED, a respectable Youth ol liberal em ducaton either as articled pupil, or fore S BACKIIOUISE &ltYNOLO; S, • . . Arclilteola aad Surveyors. a arket-snquoro Jan., 14th, 1 s00. WANTED,. Good Blody Maker, Wheeler, ano d mltlh.-Apply at S''Or ?BdAN and GILLINGIIAMI. . Coach dlanuafctarres, LaTrobe Terrvne.--Thleo hilghest wagcs will be given. G eolong, Jnunary itS1t, 1bG. *7 ? AN?TED to sub-let a etmbrr of Earth atid VStooneCuttings, slid Emboatnktents, on the Geelong, and Mlelbourne lililwoy, between the DuckPondsa nd Little liiver. Aptply to 5 .. 00sso0, R0os, anLi LksLOE. OARD and Rlesience for a gentleman who would sthare a bed room and sitting room with 5 otte other, or for two who would be wllltg to occupy teo Came room. Address, P.C., otfllc of this paper. T0 GENTi.EMEN.-Seltt Beird otd elsio I donee, or board only, mc mottreate terms, close 5 to Mnrakltectouere, anti near tile linv- Apclpy, 3 S ellerine- oreet, three doors above tthe Sir Charlee leotltarn lotel and iro Little, Fancy lBepolltory, ialop-stret.oflfYaerra-stroet. " OBTr rom' the Race Course H~otel,Bllallral, " on the 27th Mhrt., a Fawnl Coloured IKangarco Don white stripe down forehead, and awllite spot on the neck, branded J Q hoar rib.--If found, to be delivered to Mr HIY. GOSLING. J. QUOOSEY. EWARD. of £5.---Lost from Meredith, one bayb iorEe, J near shoulder. star on forehead, NO. 3 offshoulder, and near hind foot white. Any one finding tile above horse will receive tle above reward, by delivering the horse at any of the Criterion Company's Stables in town, or along the road. _ _ t. DEW\IG and CO. S'fOLEN or Strayed from tilhe Queens'sIea H?Iotel, Great Ityrie-street a Ughllt bay nre branded GLI near shoulder, hind nid near too white, small star an forehead: any onebringlng tl, -ame to tile undorslgned will receive 1.5 rewarou,t and i" snolen, oil convictiot of tile thief, 1.21) re. ward will be given by applying to Queen'o Ilea ilotel, or to John Collooey, Muddy Water liles. STOLEN or Strayed, a dark grey il'arec, k branded GdP near shoulder, off hild fetle white, smalln lite spat atl foreltld. Fivl Pounds' rewaord will be pald for briaging tile some ta J. T.. Harris, lhlite layrse Store, n lount Pleasant. bnat. tr.l:l or, if stolen, Ten unds. ona convicetion of tie tllief. f"L h o same the Baid onol r ilto , one T E oswbna dgelding, brand W near shonlder 4 years old._ ey, one bay are 15 noda 11iE0l ofif ear bent, nredand dilanmod t unader, peotacle S under nlear slit older, CF near thigh. irlls same reward will be paid an recovery of the - hordes, 'iIILEN on 'the 9it, from Little River,. ec s Ibay wore, JH eonjoned ieai shoulder, bloch mlolnennd talil, and star in forehedn:;'Any peAson bringing name to Daniel CoreoranLittle piver, will receive five pounds r wward. . . lielong,Januory 14, 1850. TlILEN or Straved from East Geelonf, a ctesnut horse aoit. branded It near shoulder, tileh property of Sir. I. Stnas. Any person bringing tame-ta ir. Daniel Carm,. Storekeeper, Yarrt-street, will receive Five Pounds Reward. - Geelong, January ttb, ]507. CTiiYED into the Paddock of the under S eipned a darkbrown Horse, whiteblatoe on hee, bramded tP off shoulder. lThe owner may have same bypaying expensesNINS `Vie. JENrKINS - Indented'Ileads. 'O.EN or Strayed from. Ft Albain', . oat Geelong, £20 reward, if stolen- or 3 each if strayed--S melt' if I brownihoree with bang:tail, branded V on offi shoulder, without shoes. Also .. I bay Ilorse, branded C on near slhouldor. • ' Any person on bringing tile same to .lr. . Sneillt, 23, Great Myers-street; wlll receive the above re. ward. . . . .. .. TWO Po'olids lleward.-stiraed ftdni'Gee S long, on tite :1th January, one black and, white enow, with white baull caulf at Iheels,'cwa . branded D W ofs aide, S offasheolder, H near atde. Tile above lteward will be nald to any person dellverltt thle above cow and calle to PtITEIlt STEItLING, Grocer, La Trobe Terrace, Ashby. OTVt 1' tINDS, REWARD. -Stolen or. . strayed, from trucea's Creek, on 2lst Decesm hern laaaenlt' Iborse, branded. It on tile- nears ihoulder. mud3X on offneck, blame down ttte lce, two oiud lei,: white. Caution'pcundkeperp.u uc.. titneers, and olthera from selling the came.. Vbo so ever will ltfind thl. same anld, lave at J1r. Holnes, Srace Creek; ora 'Ir. aurns; blacksamith. Littl , itlopastreet, shall receive Othe above reward.. - IX Pottds tleward.-Stolen :or Strayed, a Ldark brohan Ilarse, branded oi nearrshouldcr, EJ offshoulder.''.- - E3 will be paid on the rerovery of the hlorse or if Sstolen, t on the conviction of the thief; to be left at tshe Freemasadn'a ' Store, Waterloo Flat, Fiery Creek, or Gu.[dry'as Hotel, Asby, Geelong. ) 'POUNDS ;REWARD.--Cautlon to S P eoudkee pers, Auetioneers, and othters. Stolenor Strayed, on Clrlattn:ee night, from Plncl .,ut Dlggings one ELy Inr, bulock tloaits star on foreheud; brandtd AV atf hulldvr, al withotier brands near lshoulder,. Five Pounds Retiard on'reeovelv a eflte mure, and.. Twenty Pounds oil eolvietioll oftiae: thief; on. ap.. placation toJOSEi'li ANMN, ltarekceper.Pinho,. sGut; or. to JOlHN IUCOTIT A SU, Leigh lridge ., Hotel, Shetford. . L -: "li'WAtD.-Lost fcoii oli?"ltn'? ?ig' d.+ giangs, Wardy Ytllek, a hestnut heavy draught nmare, ralnded T'Y near ehsl;oulder,,whlito, striple on face. Anty person bringitlg her to the un. dersigned shall receive £5S rewlrtld . ;--, DAVID CI.t KE,.Pgle... Figdrec, a llodyWailee .k . Lt R REIWAID.-Lot nearr Iiokwoaod, a L Ligehtt Gray oarc, long busohy tail, on e Friday, 2fth December, branded iD sler hr.lshlder., - like O off side bock. Whoever lillbring her to Davi d-: ' Scott, Strawberry Hill, near Geelong; or irt Lyons. I publican, Iokewood, shell receive tie ahboy.. reward . r r . 1-1U REWSRD.-htolen or Strayed, en the J.? thl June, 135, from tihe' neigtbourhoeted of Mount louninyong, a Black flare, no0.whlrte;: branded 'f DI off shuulder. W near bhoulder, now supposed to have a foul at foot--Thle above oward will be paid on restoration of the mare, or for tuch intlrmation as will lead to her recvtry, by ,-"i . ALEXIt.I. .VION,.. .... ., Baker, Creswlck's Creek," N.B.--Poundkeepers, nuctonter and othlers are. - cautioned against purchasing or selhling the above. mare. Creowick, December 2d4th, 185.-- . ....... ~. .. " DUCATION.-FIn tt.voeca Scuoor, Geelong.--Thia School wao re- oplened onl 'eno day tile 7th ofJatnuary, under thelsupermtendeneo of.esr A.tw lnvi, whol0 h been appoiate.l head Sl3utar. .ir aurn hta been, for the last thee years, prin. eipal aOsritant leachler in tie Seatel College, mel blourne. and hlving hod long expel rieoce n.t the educatioln nd training of youtlh, eoltaeLttLy hopes .. to muaotaln the Schoul in tlhalt li6h sate 01of etl-. cieney it las attainedl under tle abli tuanagemeu , of Ii a predecessor, AIr ltoss. Tile t.o.t mlprovedo . aethods of nstloructio will be adopted, unld careful - attention will be bestowed on e"lting, Arithmettic and lik.akeeping, 01l experiencea Comtmrelal; 1 eacher lavillng been specialy appointed Soe thise branches. Mlr aurn is now prepared to receive a eowyoung. gentllellec s Boardersa, lor whiech tIls residence, oltuatcd in the healthiest part of- tihe towna anld within a few minutes walk of the boay, I well adapted. - ... . (EEL( G GRAM?L IAR SCllOL.--lUead .lastert : ev. G. . Vance, BA., Curate to tthe Archdeacon, late Scholar of Lincoln College, Ux. Sford, and Senior la.eicaltl Scholar'of hing'a Col. tlee, London. . , - Tlbs School was opened fiGe months ag', for day scholars only, at theinetance'ot' tle'Vhnerobli the' Archdeacon, and other influentalo residienta iltbis town, itll a view. to remuvling thie stectaatly tar sending the cons of gentleman to ntelbourne or the nelghbouring colonlcae, in order to enure tlhem a . higlh standard celaucation.. ... . air. Valce is prepared to receive eiglht or ten boarders inmmnedately alter tell Clrietmno vacaOtion, over whose health and amunealetien, ots well as over their moral and intellectual devtloimetat, lie w'ill himselt exeraiee a vigilant supOrlntltldeacee.... whilst it will be his elrntot enfeavour, both an a tutor and elerglynman, to train up tiltose ntrusted'' to his charges in tile nurture anld admonition of the, - Lord. For his competency to undertabe sucl a rharge,:l SMr. Vance appeals to his higll University Legree, a and ?cllool Diltstttitelr, and to Itl lOntlerou1 o tsttmonials (plaeed Ifr general Int.petlin in tile a rchdeacon's tands;, tram dlstlnguslltod profes-'-! isore and tutors o tUxtold, and trusta tlat, tie support ot manly triends will enable them to moake tile lielong lranlmar bchool a credit to trioe ,t own. ,,. it ia proposed to place the Grammar BSchool , conneaion with thil.sellaurne University. fupilosa wi re-asaemble on taonaday, .aauary 21, hbene-street, near tin corer of La Trobaher g, brecember 24. n B I?GfO N House Grammar -ohool, •L Pakington-.?~rect fi?'ewown. . \- Principal, tr Tasoats '. Sresens. Thl roemse at snatruetion at this establishment is Sofnsuchla eiarsotr as eminently to quulil?, youtht for varied positions ot usertultea. Tihe peru.i ai s now wel h?own ior the tucreos whichl Ila, ottcnded i his eforis In tralning the youthlto mNllS to ituolta of though t and |,nrprrley. The J~raouiC Ot InCtruCtion pursued are Latin Frentt, Algabr, Arith,,ltlie, braving, uole,' Writing, ksgliutt Gramsmar withs pnrartlg, Geeo graphy withtm aps, Slotuaon, hatural ·ItlaoUoply, trnuion, aiomua iob ]LngdLiLh Litelaturre, Itool. keplneh by .ingle and double eruby; 00a0 lhesnar. t etas appleabhl to agetullure. 'dlerm? taIly be kLnown upon application. S The pupils wil rea Oiembleter tihe Christmas Vaaction,j January Luth, lOSB. " MRS. TURNER, Professar of luio nod Daneing, Ito. 2M, Alyers- rneet -weat.--Sur Turner lae5 renovetl her Academy Our the latlrue. tionen af ipisis3susanio DlasLwng,in to tb aboveu t commodtou spremlied, and bale;ta tuonetituance at toe iltd plnoretage of hier tletnde, and of the a society ot itelionrgugelneral. 'i1'LW. e'oa l'erna: to Pianoforte. per Quarter, 5layabie in advance £ 3s ' (Instructionsa oa tile tlanolorte lor beginnter, or to olaith the style of more udvancen up.llo -, Datng per quarter, payable li advance... a t: a s ale, foTratar, at the request el many of her fritnsod,, hitelt.Otl on Asanmbh , whith will be coatitanoti vtrei orstntiglt, on T'bturcoouy evDntiga, tcr ttu e Itttol uhle h.r0ore advoaeot pnpius; al tld is pte pared to adnlit a hlultcatd IIunthor Ireotto.etUIl partics as subscribera, at SUs per quaretr,. rs r urner by aonfinilg the admidoicn toarler.natently torealtecatu tl tartie alone, anU by oathterjutleiuls. artrralltl nlt.|ttt, tlteb llpln past oetpertllcct ill I g-. land slte wilt Lt nble to enrry ant, isasta at ouluy a went vlliel Ito. lung exlotad in lelolel Vt., a tielect Quadrille party, . Sti to be ul-dreallod tiht Supils willt Itav the entree to t ase arembiy witauut td extra charge. se Scno0nt Aranuas. THE FROZEN REGltN. ---Rarti deSiroues of realaiing to aome degrc thet . SISTOOSITY OF. COLJo 10 endured by those brave but-ill-stlrred men wilo periohaed withs in SOIR JO0SN FRANKLIN can at Once do soby testing tile lerlallaunceslo I|IIRDSEYt IYUITlbll ~IOTtI?L l.rltlGLRATlOI1t by widelh can be . Pre.dued eat lisa nhorteht notice, _ICSED CEAEMlt ICeo LEiMON WArILi, A.1MD S•; ICED atIl F'or ever, imainable variety, • )?? .. ?argu I the pl~l? 