*Mf-at~S. QTEAM TO MELBOURNE. .3 T3. ue T tle new *win Steamer, SGEEL ONO. "Leattet for Mtelbournc, Every Day, ( ultldany exceptedl) nt ltwo o'clck, p.h,. returlling reinaMelhourtecvytyrmorning at S o'clock. And tle aveorite steamr PRINCE AL I E I° T SLeaves lor Mhlltourne every Tueatlay Tlursday and Saturday, at l .nlpnst 11 o'Cluck, retinraing alter nate daya at theameheahor. Freltgllt 15l per ton.. THOMAS M ,I'WILLIAI5, Ceelong. .?R:;Am TnlE " CITIZEN," John B1'Lein, //nt o? ...... .. ..... .ill eo.tln. he1 Salaon ................ ... . 2 0 FareCabin ......a........... 6 s Srellght . ................ 15 per ton. WILLIAM I1HVIAN A CO., Agente. 8 .larl:et Square. 2,?tg?t L2!ltAM IT) Alfc.ltlOUitSie .'i?i .-neJ -Attratton oa T ..la.e at8tertln, \--Te tea? aed tawrfat aerew "COI1IO." Wa Trlera, eomennteder, till Ir-ven ttle WVttnrl tor ethlbaurnte. Tneetay, and FridayMaornila, at 5 a.m.; returatni froam M1elbohurae ,edresday, atul Saturday at 4 pt.. Freithet at Current rnte.. Apply to Caltniln 'TUtNIIIt, on board, Meoornaoo Wlimrj. ______________ a _'s TtIllE ne.as. ere. at.a.cer, SI EXPRESS, . eill ie've the Qu.a ,n'- WIenrl i i 'lellbourne, every Tuaedey atd Friday, at It p.t. ... .J.& bD. P,?tKEI?I & Co. _ B Ra, 3 3OBAlRT TOWN via I ann . c.Con --Tihe Inunrcalan S.N'.Ca'n. hunt, leave thle Qaure,,'n Whanrf, Mlclbourne, regularly an "dl rlI 2nld. 12t11. each inontll. L iay t I Wlr , Ui.Itl,22 lld. l pn-niecrJ Ibr ulobarI 'olwn can be boorrd tlrolilper Iord'a iay Cuucl , at tliefollong lelkaI\ nene Inli!l)nharl. lana ... 1!: 0 P C . d Cnl t~~fo adiu~e rn in coachl, Da dnanialaoldle Irat dn 5 1 a b~empengdadada apl In . 0 For fr·Lil torA Tnme C~l o. ba aILtA~l 1112' lbS and C'o., u0, Greart Collin-lrcat went, Melbourne. Or. SWAPSrTON, WI.LTS, .1 STEVENS, Gcelaun ________ .. t EG ULA IL Wrekly Com y t munlcatlon aill -arrnam booAl, I'ort Fairy, anl P.rtland. S alt and tpvounrllo scrrw steam-shi itmenr ' CIIA3IPION." FinnS Ilrlpmn~n, aaonman~lel 31)3 lana, Co Ilorea pawar. leave nl 1110 Hll~vay Pier, SaaIIlidge. far the abave paeloa'ey iyril''y, Ilall f'alarrtiic adrTe. ID~Lveo i-rt nnvary FaRcluynI10laeel'l at akip'ale. penne, an Friday nmacnl~lga. y tllrhllnadal. SApply In .A1. I(idNTO and Ca., l.lttluo 2alop-alerct Eait. *Ua»-'3iE3\ QTEAM in Ailclaidc. The 11g7 ijfaat a,,d pawerlal ira,, bcrewv nDURRA BUHRA, Janira Lawanee, cntndci. will betlenpantlrcd Inc il~e akane part an WYEdnnlday, tila 1011, i,,lal,(Uf currying pannengers at the following m"t" Flenalbltn. . . .S 0 Secandclin.. 4 a Retnrn Ticketl First Cabin .. ... 0 Srconnnodd 7 . 0 Far freels e . CO., 2in King.irtrect, hellloaane. ..5.OTICE.-SU ANDON, Steamer NfRam 1enlang, nvery amorngn iStl nal plocl preclnely, nad frni Snndeldgn fuilmay Pier never alter. -nasan t 1a11.-Pa~t( twa nIna (SUn. dn nel eIfdr ic:bin and teeriiae pasengners pro aided on board. W. . R. FARE, Agentn. Mansusu. A . uno R.n ourE Are mpl . rONDON LINE OF AUSTRAL dgd A ASIAn racket hipsp.-Tle fol. loan. relendBd frntIlnao aaln, caiUyn o etle ly i rpAR LAln, and awned byLd OTnutra to n TIM nan af tlhnt p alarie G aplo acyr regalarly In il~e Anatealn laTae TI~ey ~Ina frl-ratcrnl ncammadallan far pan'engere1, nnd nra~'~ eupplird. winklr ner, and prarialana aIeba deailnPn0rnetnra feam Ireland cann readily .erreanailalllce enaeeltrmb Jlrlalnee Ede(dgc'r Agent thlrl. Tana lana Shiaa Ileriltre. Burtien Geargeicleckhnll . 1301 23a4 7idaof~ lttiea 1201···· ~ 2100 Gew aXl . .........r..·... 121I 2000 Lloyd5' :..-. 1» 1800 iTna . ........ 1001 1600 Elina ........... 1300 y^ laog Kale ..---""*".. 004„..., »M 1300 WnnllntaonlIrving ......... , 12. 0 Stnreralnnl...0.. ······· 14 1250 Plnrcldarltnso af Lndalu derry ....:..····: · 000 1200 MaB tlandl ........... . 044- . 91' 00* Canats nre.. .of Lon 510 810 tirinll. ..:100:00:0:::: : g g li00gkly .(.. 84 700 Knunerina ..'.. 42 700 Ilimnln)·... . . 41.···~· · l7 61(1 Puasna fernom En a land gm be Rec'en" nad nlull Infaonanton obtkalnd by appllcation to the ownera !O* '"'kIIA LL a .EDtIDGE, O I Fenclaurca-hlret, London TIM^S. WILSOIL A CO. GCerlonR. -C-.ITAGO, New Zealand.--The under. aVgn slled having been appolntedby tlie I Provisonatl Governnteentof Otaego to ct I .as Immigration gents in ,itebot, rae, will furnisrh parties ilerotls of obtaining Informa tion, witll a umnmary of thle land regulntions ant atatisticn of tile provinces ialso, a uell otiler Ilt? C matlon as relates to the aailng of vetseL Irom Melbourne to Otage" . S F , Co. ii. r SAWFIT.&~tCO. Ilond-.treet, telbeurne A- LACK hA% LINE*-Royal ulil JJ Clipper Patein .-The uteneen ni thial eliebrueet ilti 'having tenicottet with ito? a~ijety't Guverotnetlt Iu caere thne maili betwen England' and Auratlla, the llolo-1 ing, or other clipper packets, will be despatched au under:- Faow L~vrnnoot Regiiqtlr. Captains. 1855. Marco I'olo ................e l.l April5thl Donuld -Kny ............ 2000 Warner ?lay lltt chlomberg, (Aberdeen , 1 clipper ... 500 Forbes June lilt C atn ptoinat orCite Peus.. t- 7 2fewlands July 5 th I Jumt line .............. 2)0 Mil)onaell Aug. 5itl Ligttllni .................. 20ti3 Enrigllt Sept 511t Uoomeranc .................. l t Utrown Ocl. SthI 3larco Polo.................. l,. Wild Nov. 5ith Dond l'KaLy ............ 20)0 Wtrne Dec. 5111 With Otto return mail, on ar thout ltie I~ti of cathit montit, or eath oiter day no may be appointedt by thle Coloeial Government. t I Th .t. ve..cl« are.on.tructcdby tle flrstbullderuol the day lincltding M'Kay of uotton, and Iall of Abertleon., At pteenote r conv eyances, they hoave earned thie reputation ofnbelnftltbett anuntgted lineof shipl afloat, tar punctanlity In sailing, raid pt aaseget, and auoterior nccommodtlionl. *IPasages from England to Autraliua.-Pansstagetce nicatms can be obtliined from thie undtersigantl by per.on . lesrtou. of ettn g their friend . out to them . oolonies from anypart of Great ritaln or Ire and, and they van ealculate upon beoig joinedo treby tleir trlends within ilx montht from the timeot writtin"' ReImut'taneev--Suma of money for outilt, &e..; ran be tran?ntei thtroue h tdle unlt ereignta, wo tgrant dtilto at eight payable in any town ti Great llrttaltti orIreland. Express and Forwarding Dcpartment.--An tI press will be made iup lyeach ofttlttse lilpo, and told, epcle, and parcels Ibrwarlded throutgi tile owners, MetertJane Oatnulitea A Co., of Llirrpoolt tatty place In Great ituinttttt, tie Continent of Europe, nd tlhr Unttt Statea of Amerlct Importers wIll find it to their adviuntagO to direct the attention of their agents in Cu slgatnd to tlitl line, as the most perfect arrangettents tIuve been matle by t.Mesro Janee Iloaintea and Co., for rcetiv ing and alpplIn goods by the regular monthly mail pacuets. Shippers of Colonial Produce, Gold, VWool, Tallow, Ol, &c.;, will perceive the radvantacrt to be drvd from a line of fant.KIling cltppera tpatch reularly, and with tile punctuallty -I»~cl> ciharacicrises this, and by wvbic tile ratte *[* lrel[ht wilt only be tile same a. by other nrst oriS tenglhit, taae-n~e. ad other iCanormation CKX IAINES & Co., U l0o1 Commerce. coltns-Streel west, t-netoO?". IOr to lttet. GaUatIt, l_-r ie-stre~et. G g aoo.O. \- O" Freiglht or Charter.--The fone r~~?? l-" fst sailing rolttoollr "Vth t, to'l 121 tons01t0 to no tO 'y part of the. world.--for tormt.es plY to • OGILVi IE t.u Bt0BI1SSON Stloornbool-street. TrP U owuors of Iightoro.--- Watledt to p.puroh?,or or hlre loroilttey from Itto2t toot Co tmunlett iont to heod -. drestsitd to \ILtI.ItIl 2IIN'rOSII VicL oril iIotel, t.tro-t- Iluare, Geolong. Aoutralitn loyatl Mtl Pacts.- LA~" ~ CKi Bahl Line of Britishl nd r.f For I.l.,,r;,ol ,llrct. to follow thlo t.lghtnhlg.-ITh A llipper ship 10t O I ti3 A It, . . . 200 lent tiorthlon, t'[ccrttltttl. c notmtoir. wtill be trlutcoted ool tine 3slt Janlloryt, rtillt t rn ItoJrty' mtltr ollrtier ontr et to ottlnvor tlhrr Itt r5 *tryo. f'lils mtsgnificet trlttotttttilt etlip ir noto'1n hcr first solye, a iand hts lately arrvel , after a rapid ntooslso parrtlhnr, otly rnofr the 00 ofn thte pessonger. silnt quolifited?tlrReon. Iler enbLn sccrl~lmmnthlsls nee of a sopErtor crhrcter. iold to site tilt only tlde o tlmited ollo lnr r of pt -oettgorO, r trly n lpl,ll ctl on it Ittt -c5 P'lotns otcablnt mtst ' e oeent, tndl roten oF pn1psa o ,talnltr frotol tIt.CIAY, It,\INt S oltit Co.. Iltll of Connoerce, Melbrourne; or, FI'. AUEII~, ltyrhr strree, Geelono . e "L I.UOND 'V.--The fine A 1 shlip or t. owcl r annd omsildor, (tote oftr|e "-n odlnu O tOll t regioter, helongtng to tesrsr?.D.. uttsIhr nlult Otn. TE eal no on Ilr t rL ovoN, and Irts troved IerrloFtt a fat alltl comfliortable ttlp; will padlo a lelt(ed Iiuobt·r of tob|tt plotttSllrrr lintotd havlig theriorottIr Port(lon of 'ior 0o01 C01g000A tVoit meet with de1001c0. For tL-ight of wool oo gotild, or paooadoe APDKLGIFTyt It]O'fSON, and Co.; \- tOr lIOLMEIS, t'II1TEI. nd gQsloI 10th fIioVFember 11, , , .,, TAGO, Nc ealand.--.Ihzc fast sailing IrtE L IbLAS, Johin Jotcol. oommnadler, under enaoagc •laent to tle I'rovlncal Geoveranment, wit1 esalfor t:he ubove port on Friday, Feb. tst. This province offers grcet alvnstages for nettle .tent aothl to harge and smtll eapfttluat, as uato to tlle laboulring classes generally. It covers an area th enerly tnentf million aeres, whiht hoa nil been fc nretld by plurchnase terom t nhe n aatiws; a. "el! wooded and watered ; tcroe,?tea all tile udevantsges !rctigtloa ant edueatlionol instlautions. Tihe new land reculstions psedest by tile Provln eal Counel fi tiSe price oS ltnd t ten shillings per ure, an" in oreder t ipreacrve tile country to tiono tide occpiiytng Hctllers, niod to keep ott mnono polists, purchiasere sre reituired to expendi ill r. Irovemntse oil tile tnmIt (itcludting buidlonga, uencen, nd breaskinga up), aoac equal to is0. tIer ncre wFith1in a lreled or four yesas troes dote el purchoac. For freigt or isssogo apply to It. P. Sawell nod Co., to the eaptuiis no boart, ol the New Aiuetrolsa \Whorl. wahsrU every inoriosttun will lie gieel to intirlding emlo.,ranti; to air. Canlltbh!lt, egint nlc, islltnotr or to ustessrs. Tsdt nodt Wright, timbhr mercllnt~, Geelotng. ?_ 17C?R Losolon fireet-To nsatl oei ii,?" loe. le 1st 1 tarei, the splendhlne w river built htip, IiOXiSURIGSI CASTIAO, l tfor thirteen yessrs, Jotsn, Adores, comiiomandcer, t121 tolls per regitrer. This vesel lorms onile or tile rMears Green's nog Otleneot tleat, o ell-itlaosn fl r the t eculeace tot" thier accsomooditioniR. Intenditing paoseengera wltL ulowell to inspect hlis noble sllip, to whihech lorry comfort Is proi iled. A bahot willbe in ottendcelies So eonsvy portico to end froma tile vessel: orders for • lllch will be given on appltction at the office of Sile andcrlgnedt. 'i'se rotes of at ticao e are as follosa:-- . Chiset Coain, tiy spechls agreemelnt. tlntermedltie ... £35 Steerasge ... .. tilechldtng a liberal dietary. For terSs ofl0roigiltt or yoisaoge, noplly to tALet''. t ItttTSOdiN S Co. r LACK WALL LINE OF PACKETS. ?i ? - First ship for London.-To RFail SJnnu:ln try lOt, at dovllght, passengers eruburkiog o. the llsh lst.--'Thoe ma0g nilictnt armed Irigate built ship AN it L EIS uY, Al Nat Lloyd's, l200 tonotxlonginto? Messrs. Green, J. N. Thorete Commander. N~otice to I'oaslogecr5.--A steamer Is enrgged to leave Cole's I hurf on Tsesday., tile 17th trol., at two p.ot., to coltvey pt?enottrs and their luggage on bonrd the buve eship fsee ofllnarge. Iltendiog poassengers are rerquested to maote immoediate appliction for berths. tle number at prtesnt disettunga-d beiog extremely imlesld. Third ... L.25 For plans of accommodation, dliotry scaleo, to., apply to .W. PI. VHITE and CO AgetO, Wh lnrlntMteourf . elhouro. OR ononDiec.-T s. iCKt th TCiLE LIE OE IAK~. .1s For Liverpoolto sail on Tthurslay, tile 17to January, ttoe superior and favo rite shlp, Helt obi swaartas -AIOATOOSO, 1500 tons burten o hlumus r . Alten, late of the Uloumer. commander. 'rile passenger nGoumoditlonar or tillo sItip are c'elient rni ben a lglst sailer, A.nNd nder tile utonTad of captpln Alltnc, o deservedly ptputlr ill tite Atustralhitn trade, tile greatest Indlucement Is • llb~redto passengerrs. O old, \ oolec.. will be forworded to London at lfor 'rS;e~gr passager apply to ItGliT), 510RO & CO, ttlltssersltnor, Melbourr.o; or, to SWANSTON, WILLIS & STEt'IIEO, Geelong. \- l-- London Direct.---To sail the 5th I r of Februry, tile well kuso'n Al Shtip attlii.. NilTONIIA'11, told tons per register, iJohnt Sargent, comtmander. l0er accommodototios tor cltief-ecissn possengers are ectellent and comfrttablc, and point lier out as a desirable oplportunity for instending pssengers. ]oo tile greater partion of hier car go rngaged. For frelght nuud postage apply to DALGETY, IOIIOTSONI AND CO., _ _ oorulbool-ctreet Geelong. g-.?LT?_UTTON'S WHARF.- BAILLAST r~is,'I- --Sltt pst IBllasled with every des patch atnS d per ton, put on hoaL WIIAItFAGI'S°-C-ol \Vhorfogo accommodation for vessels retitting or Ihevtng downu. "I|E RCIIANT SEAMIEN'S SHIP "??, A PING OFFICIE.-- A. FITCIIE1IT, 0 _ Liernsed Shispting Master, Victoria t.aboaar Morket, iaket SquorctGeotoutg denmen supltttct ot the 5borttttt not~lise. AMERICAN Cooking Stoves, new and im It rovcdpatt~rn, for Sale, b I; U~tLINGA.:JlE and cO.7ourkc-?t te eo A MERICAN Cookinr Stove Warehouse.-E. A. C. . IIFELOCIL nod C). (tate F. B. flood) tmporters offlfotel, S ip, iiltcl en and Parlor Stoves' Itoafget, Grates, .c, 120 usll-street. Mielbourno' A DRIEW ANDEIRSION, Piano-forte Maker o(Ibnerly ofo.odon,) bego to intimnte to the public of Gceltog tlhnt fie slopreared to undertake tile tuning and repairingll do e.l cteripliono of piano-fortes, &..ndl.Iopeofrom his longexpnrtence I oll fllthe brotrhlos ol tlo business, thatltie will be founldl to give· aofislohctioa to those who loy. lavour hionl with their ordero. Adlor.--aC6. Little .nlotp-strtet, oaot. A KENIDE, P1'ADDOCKS, Colanc- road. - The abovcextfensive nod well-watered Pod docks hovlo:g beeO held clear of Stook for file last 3 nintlht, ere now in rpld condition, and ore open for the grazing of Iforsce OtocL onl. douring thle ?oulnmcr. Terlls loper night, or 52 per week, with a reduo. tlon for lotnger p?erlods. "rn JUNG BROTHERS, Colaoaoad. AbkeOlde., Vnrnl Polld, 411h lecembcr, ?.. :__ _ _ SSO Rt T ED Invoice of Sauces. A MILES, KINGTON, and CO., Flilndera-lano west, .Melbourne. ItROWSMITIH'S Map of the South A astern Provinces of Australla, corrected to o.luntcd on rollers, and varnished blzeO feet I inbes x 5 feet 5 inches Prioc, Li. For tire coonence o rettlera and tavelle rs?,tle above unrivalled mop Lo alo 0dono up in c0se0, price £5. Inrpectlon res1?cttully solicited at SANDS nnd ftEfNY'S Victria Statlionery Warehouse, -, Col ioo.streot, Metlbourne; or TlIOJfAS DfIOtW2J itiationfr, 3fooroteool-slreet. Geeleong, A R S E N I C .-For Sale, by tIe Under Arsenic in 10co1. frgos. JADES IfIENTY & CO., Littlo 31alop-slreet east. 22110 December, 1025. BAIlIIABOOL Water Mills.-To the neiglh B borlng AerlcUlturltc, Corn Factort, and others rrquirlni \ Wheat (.runld. FurmcrJ, Core IUielera. anll tble public cernntlty, tlhet thlhew Wate*r Miii, at iturkl'oy Falla.on the Itolrwotl hilvrer, Ic oce ready to i'lcia wfhat at thle 'Tile edLtealntage ttent tlhl» mill wil afford to tile FarIner, Ac., require but tobe ) een to be duly up prlutlntr~. 'the greateot Cute wttt be obeerved to gtv Cals toleera Tlrat qua ity leUr iOr a ROed etairie of ormemro In the Barrohool illlls dictrict weltlnti to ireake Uilltlret onwl the ether dIC~ieloa tlleir markrt by cruoSenle tt the Falls hladleie to Fyano' lren Toll Gote, will tindil the .ltitancct milec acore~r theen by neoyeif etelleRovrr the1 Porttton ?lurdue, tllul affonlfi it to tlenl tile vrry erect ad Votlioge at a doyI'a dibreee ie eaelAee. awll hIetCI wilt ilrove alike hLenrlcil to tlhe LeroLT, otore bre wer, Ac., on, and theu cetoro 10 tilla told CleelonagCorn Factora will alo ftid It very cnn vetlirrlt,itL helnF qluite dCIUL o 10111 hIaIoIIDII road, Vvwyof Fyaml Furd. Clialt~ will be cult nnd «ol~l nt a low nrjurc. ,ltrl teatoliie etoroii.lentelnmollletie. teore ftrtlerr iprtlculoo atpldly at tile Hllii or at lire rcsldrltle at JeilIti Lighelt, Faq., all ihoherura houi itiii ____ FIIEDEitiCK C. MIOnnY. B)ElDSTEAODS-BIEDTEAIiS-lUUSTEADS L-fille largeat and eltrenit stock of Iron Bid. etred', ronpriale vory anae ou a I K A ar,1 a cola by tile cdcrile .cit. 1101\. Me~reer-itreri, To coroo ol 'al llte Toll hlr hotel; an Molnday, Itliclrit Iniatnt. Tilo Iollowlne sontlcrncn hutii elnde arranpaennt to lcnvea notllr niatflli tiOcach Trill race und tilo next tI ooit to all ltorate In tile Gerlong diatrict. Any gutitlumlti rtlhblng to enter for tlles meeds mirl tnacke piil. ration tenwo dta pronloucsto .Mr. tilollly1 oofe Cacel llotict, GetloIior at r. tlcy, Toit liar Uotul, lltatefoed. Tlo folloltoiiR iart tio ettrie:- .ir. I'roctor'a Vain Tromt Air. stoutei ,tieltoti, tilly hir. Simnlo'a thay LaIty. * r. tlPlil'i Frrdcioldcr eir. Ftall'nS'.i clati or tilo n ot * tr. ttelly'c Souvettir tlr. Kolly's Cherrowen. IIecta-Ale and a hcif ad a dIstance. weight -astlone. Escomnoc . . -' - tleo Gam'or cn cuc for ill howrse and meres. Tile winntr of tioe above roes to carry 0b15 Eotra. lenltunc-i f5<heoli. The owner of Gerryoweu will add t in addtlion to tileo tnces. Trho Toll Bcr puras of £12. ntllo and a IliLf lImb. wlitBhti 0 stona. Tlio winner or nny oftim, aohv rceaCo to corrytiba extra. A 6trelIo Chnrie.-it'o' Famcrn' hag of £20 for a stcepluclOtto for allt Ilorc. Twomtcllolts. tFtroe Itemn Getltlemen's nridlu. end Saddle. Open to all 'l'l.-Tho toomlers of tlio turr ore invited to at. tbna thle 0 ecero, tl1o bttacwarda ald judgen will nothbo ppettittl until they iteut a tile course. ereCl tsry. UILDING Materials on Sale by the under Engli1h nndt American doors, tarhes,with or without irnmes, mouligngia, airtioga, ,Io. Flooringa, Ialtic or Amerieans,,iront to lP, in rwIte yellow ,nold pitchli pine D als olid an' ent r~l, yellow, and whitle Tihe nbove !,co ang kieiept int leds, are dry, and 1gIlht for earnria. DU.iDg;Dh' y\STIIY and Co., Grert Colilnt otreet East anii i:iinaders I.or.e Wst. aletloorne. CONVEYANCE FROM GEELONG TO or QfUEE- NSCLIe.-nTIOOMAs WOOD, griterou lIbr tail patroaoe btowod upoi tie St:lc einrvtre wilc e hlt asulne cr bo . to in 1ti nt le h o.w errome roacln0 o Jsloser,. In ctoberr, teovin Oeucll"cii every luondy anl Friday, at 8 n.m., onrd lloill g1ltoing rvery Toeairy nod Stuattray, ot tilre.r . in. Po? ta?ers totoked at tile itoliat .Unirn n tl crits i liaotel. 'fier obaso tRill ibe puncrtally kept. Fares f" 1ut. double trip; L1 single do. C OIL of best Qahlit', at a reduced Pricer 'r Thorne, Kimbcr, a1hd Co., LolrubeeTrrrace. aror tihe tIailway '.ierntiluai. "' I:A:IIAGES for Sael.-One Clab iliheton, w.Jc ithi German alleotteer, cltt ror one horse, DiogCarts Stonhtopc gig. Fpring Cart, to., ,tr. 'ia re tent at W. lih.rburn no d on'e Coachi Yard; tlnoyt haviiltgoargrd ithir prclnoi,?abegi to intor, Ortlc Inre, i'oitcrlaaters cnd ohers. wilia moy inere relltles to dlirpre of. thart oll carrislage t;eat in ior lale, or ihr repacir, cwili be corcfuniy kupt under cover, nitiol hligheet triee cot for tacit, nccord ina to valuo. UsuC l rontlnltiritin cltrgedttwhere a Olof it aiected. la triERs' AIlcJS, Coilnlroy Brh~lge.- Jones and tltasry having otlittiltet litcins, lor tile airve-named uin, btri to ctqtloiaiit their triencti anti tile lubllic in generol--tte earricro in port:cualr--that it tillibe threir r~lrttrntitudy to ruonlilnc otnlort and ecrltocy. "tlteir wrlte. and opirits will to ioullt oceoitd to tittne in tire colony. NV.It.--Cood ,iotoblite. SUIUCK's FURNITUtlIT U MANUFACTORY -?,ufh r eources md i acilties possessed for a anufacturi hig every decription of IHOUSEHOLD FUINITURE at thios eCtblilhamect are daily becominr more ndvontogeouo, osd imoproeaments that maybe pre. rented trenm time to tlhe will be odopted, eo au to produce every rtiele at thle mintimui cosat and tlhua eonlyte auccefully witlh all legitimate tnralers. T. CI'CRcn, in epretsinog hits oeknowledgtente for thle business hitherto placed in Iris honda, prmeimes hli peraouul attention to all orders wiith hich lie may be entrusted. Oberrve the atdress--159and 161, Bourke-street, opposite the Easternl laret. ,Cllhourne. FEacory Bouveriertreet. North Melbourne. Awardled tile Exhibitiiot Medal for beat workman. Ilrtronised by the Government, Corpaoration, eneavoleat and Orphton Asylums, and other insti. tutions.o Country and elhipping orders executed with de spatch. Terms CaSti. CURONOMETERS.-Raoled and repaired at S PATERSOS'S llMarket.-quare The rates ascertdnaded by Transit Inatrument,'and Astronomical Clock._______________ 'OALS retailed in any small quantities, at tlhe rate of 3F per cawt, at No 11 James-street. .U.l--Any prepaid orders, ol not less than 2 cwt delivered tree at eulrtage anywhere atout townit or ubuerbhe. DR MACKIX has removed to 92, Yarra-strcet, opposite tle Wetleyan Clapel. itt Jloiiirv. lail. ENIHAM'S SELECTION; or, the Saints Melody, Last edition, on sale. TIIhOMAS BROWN, Bookseller, loorobool-otreet E MATTIIEWS, Druggist, Ashby, toos opened tile shop In Clorecne-street, lately oerupted by .Mr. Hooker, wlere drugs nay be ob sained, at tile same prices at t1le 0Old Slop in L,. I'robe Terrace. 'OUNTAIN OF FIIENDSHIIP IHOTEL. Thlomas iarren haoint succeeded In obtanlo ng a ublianl's general Icrnse tor tile above IlJtel, sitaate near Cowle's Creek, o0 tie direct line of road o tie lor famed Steigli dligglindg, laving laid in an excellent stock of wine, spiorits Laes, ..to suit tile most uistidious. 'IThe houser bein eltirely nes. with eery coneeoiencsce, T. OW.1 solcbte witll onfidence tile paltronage olflte pub lic, and particularly tseat f lls Irienid tile dilgger, .lese theyn will t all times meet with ood sc -e onmmodallon and civility at reasonable ekarge. IOR SALE,--Ginger eer Cocks ass S Lim, Juice, at altes asNd lIowey's, Corlo-strest. FUINTULE laononmade ---A large oand Ssplendid Assortment unpacked and now on siei at tle Stores of TIIOItNE, KItBER & CO., La Trobe Terrace, near tile Rtailway Termtnu E NILT IERh.- f ansatle, care Jasrt ment of Filtercrs. 1¢. BAUER. Ryreletruret, eelsong. FulENC C oriSTe I IUSLla S and A small assortment Splendid Patterns. now open ieg by BtRO WN, ROTSIERS, Otalop-street. ._?IREPRIOOF WROUGHT IRlON S.\FES, suitable For storekeepers. nmrcrnts, or bankers, ittest with psrtitiosl , orawers, tc., with e patent detector locks and keys, etc., e., ete., ex H oriniant, fora sale by BROWN, BROS, Otalop-street. GEELONG GRAMMAR SCHOOILE-ad oIater: Rev. . O. Vane B... Curate to the Arcideacoi n late Scholar of Lincoln College, Olord, and Senior Clasetsical Sclolar of King's Tollege London. *'hi School was opened five months ago, for day-n?clolutsra oly, at tile instance of tlse Venerable tele Arcldeacon, and other tiluentIal residents in tllia town, with a view to removing t11e necessity lor aendLOng tle sons of geitleene to .slelbouErn or tlie neiglboauring oloniee, is order to ensure 1them algh salndardn 7 ofeducataon. Mir Vanico is prepared to receive cicht or ten boseders immedlate y after tle Chriaolsio vacation, over whorseb ealtll anil auusamens, sc well as over tleir moral and inltellctual llevclopmelts he will himself exercise a vigilanst superlsltendenre; wslletlit will be bli clarssst endeavsur, bolls as a tutor ansla clergmans, to terin up tllhoe eutrusted to Isis eharge is tlie nurture and adosonition of t0le Lord. For Ills competeocy to undertake sucl a clarge, SIr Vnoce appeals to1 Iss high Ueiversity Degree, and Schlool Ditinctionsl , asIld to Isi nIasuslerous teotlmoolals (plsced frr general inspection isl the Arclhdeacon's oands), from dlitingaulised prores soro and tutors or Cixlord; aOi trulst tllat tile support of many Triends will enable tless to make tile Geelong Orammar Sehool a credit to tele town. It is proposed to place tihe Grammsr School in conneoxion with tile sielbourne University. Pupils will reassemble o n londay, January 21, 1851. Decerstber 25, eg, Vlllanmants-street. GENEVA, hlbssf ansi whole eases, J D K Teale, Davson and Bruce, 105 Willtam.grcet Slelbourne. GEORGE MEIRCER, WUOLESALE AN RElTAIL STATIONSEI and ACCOUNT. BOOK MA.NUFACTUItEC. lie 1o1 .oor 1,rofess to sell rvisr per cent esnaa cost lirice. lIe does sor profess to sell at an s.anosa Iscl rifcel lie does not profess "Ilow to es:slvtr trde" lie loes not profess to have complete eets of books which are notto be foindtn stock when asked forl lie does not profess to ailvertlse some goods at low price, anti harsge Iglih Ibr otllerol lIe dm1esnt Ln otlier serds, profaes to Ihmbaug the ob BUT, lie does profess, and will prove it, tllat le is tile Clheapest Bnd Best Stationer anti Aceocs.v-Boe Slnaoufocturer in (leelone. BIe does proiolas to Ihuve tsile Ilet Slock of Sta. tlonery, andl to sell at Lower prices thsn assy othler house Ic eirelongl Be? does profess, ansd It is generally ink nowletldekd by tle most Oleupelenti jadtgestlat lse Is tile Best alnd Cheapsrat lanuaacturer ot Account Books is tile colony, and tile very hsandsome testimonial prtee esld Ists by tire Judges oatllse .lrboaurno Eshitbiton will prove tlsls aotislactorily. 1i IprolesseO to ocknowledge three are ,Ilard Thsis" end talllt tills ecircussltanco alone IaIs colnselIesl Isos in order to do buaoness iFl:Isr "tST oltmin ronro Ta rosdce 00eryarttele hs trades or manuarns tures to tile very lowest paying p ice. Stress,. To ensure a continuation of tIlat liberal patronage bestowed os l shIm, hi will keee Isonas but tile very best articles, and make up from the very -btmteraals. . TO keen suds an, assortmetli and variety of salte, at eUch prices wsslelsihe feels eonedent a dlscerinspltl sabl will appreclnte. N.B.--SIts soln abject being a large trade and net o nset a large protil. C Opposite tie Tank 21 orabool-stree ASYLUM.-Tho riaurlls annual meeting ot Sussribers to tis above institution to receive ll0 report and accounts of the Committee of .innate n mL for past yEor,--tbr election or n new om mittee, and trnsaction of othler bustisess Inctidnit to sueh menetlng,--wlll be Ield in one o1 tho new wards of t1he hLsaltutlouo, on Thursday Evtnlnsg, 171t1 instant, at 7 o'clock. , ?, LIly onler orenmmlttee, - JOIIN iMIDDLEJIIISS S' " Secretary. ERLONG Grammar School.--Notic of Re ( moval to tile prentores lately known as tlse o"Isot-l Garnln--Tl prcnslees above mentioned hnvo been lsgssgesed Ior iho Gramsmsar School, ample accommodationlsns tin1s been obtalnost for alare numoler of boarders, and a spacious school roe provillded to th day school. (1. 0,VANCE, B.A. " IBeset Stutews GRIVE DIGGEI.- lBi inyottg Cemetcry. teferring to tie odverticemevi of tile 7th lont n. tlls aper for a grave dlg ter.-- tice is hereby lvtesn that appllentio nredy made are reserved to be eoneliered witth otter wAlel otay yet obe set n the hIrotdtritng of rti aupllceinllt, at tile pn. itl meetinIg of tie Trstees to the tbCrov liotee t Eour o'clock on 7toloday utrnooo, thile watt Instnot, wnhe those m rr ed to ble to viot to obtain tieo eitUatiou may attend to give or receive tlutormso tieN. Roalry ot the rate of a150 per ontise. Addreso tihe 0 rutoe,, tr. Selteek', " tunlnyong. Adlreos--tte Trousterts. EGRIEAT CILE.\INIoG SALE of tihe ltole SStock-ln-Trade.-l-The undersoenbd hbogng determinted ueon retirling from ttbe tltt buineoss toweia to tlerir eavinog teelong)t, begto state tIht on Toesday next. the icttt Jtuttry, the wolt coin-, nilneve selling oef tlltr etrgeo and wcU selcted otock of teat, cap, .e,, As.: ano behing limiteet to thnte by other rtecneme lltt. they are prepared to toke a grtea t sacrflee to ell'f t a rclayeiooranoce. No recuotd price durting tate, auted alt coath trant actions. T. &b; L. WILI(tNSON, Hlt 1ianulteeturert. GO, 2etooricbooh-treet. January Itlth, 1?S6. N.LI.--8hopt to tet,--upply to tee obove. G ERLONG antd ehtlbotrne R.oilway Company. \--Notice is thereby given that t tnpeelal Gene ,ni .lteltng of tte Shorehloldters of tile teelontg end teelbournoe Illaiwy Compony wcili he held at tile Companoty'soOfce at cGeelototg, on TfOroec, the "2S9t day of January tlestont, at noon, for tie etee tin oft a tDirector of tile Compnty itt the place of "Wm. G. SiciOiellar, eel., reslined. Itoldert of trentiy shares or more are eligble as tirectors. Gentnemen wiing to serve, if eleeted, arc requested to eommemoletgt with the Sctmarcy on or beforo ttte 20th inst. Shlareheolders will be entitled to vote in respect of their otetres, as follow,., viz. :- - For3 eharea I vote, and for every additional six clinres one vote; not moreo than tetl votes to be wlth city one peroon. Votes may be given by proxy, provided tile same verson shall not rote as proxy for an" nuonber of personis, whto together aholt he proprietorsof more thus 5'JO slhares. CitAnLES e. TIORImE,. . President. GRINDSTONES. - Newcastle and Blilstone, from 8 in. to 60 in. diameter, at IHuxley and Parber's, .Marble cnd Stone Yard, Little Cllins street, Last, Sltleourne. ( 1 ERTRUDE'Stree5 "Now Town.-For Sale, ortoletfaraterm, anveryconvenient7room Itrlck Cottoge. wvith verondolt, Flower garlen, hitchen ditto, and poultry yard: a fence dividing echi. Apply on the premises to M1i. HOLMES. Ii sold, terms liberal. January 7,? lo0. :GEORGE *WRIGIIT, AUCTIONaEER AnD G.s'oaet. Cocosolote A?on, West Ryre-ntreet, G elong. TIEINE IIlLL.--For sale by Private Con. EL tract, Mr Peels Cottage and iGarden, next to Mr iitter'o Villa resitdence. Apily to J. L. W?le, an tile adjoining property; or to George Wrlght, tyr.le-stre t-. . . .. . H'OUSE and LAND AGENCY OFFICE= 2 2, Great Ryrie-etreet. East. We keep a foe Itegistry of Farming L.ands, Shops, Cottoce, nad nil deraerlptiio of teal Pro |?ertY ]tlt for private sale tnsd to let. full partlcu Inra of which are fiurnlhed on nppileaclnn.-I-rnto collected. JAMIES IIENDY & CO., ltouso, and Lend Agents. Agents to the "Provident Institute of Victraln" end tise "' Victoria Freehold Land Society," IIOPS. aplops.---Hops. --- b Few Pockets still on sand, dfSharland's eine rew Norfolk %r.D.L. lIops, growth 185, willl be sold cheap. op J. W. JOHNSTON . Co, : 61. Great BM'e-afstreet, West. [_TENIY :PEAICE, yeo are required to call H on your brother eIther at Mr fuy Blennett's, UnIon Inn, 2Ioalop-sceet, Geelenog; or on hr n'larty Itokiewood. t JAMES PEARCE. I MPlOVED AMERICAN PASSENGER COACIIES, Isilhly finished, easy and light0 to carry from nine to eigllten poa.engers, malnuac tared of guaranleed colonial-eeasoned English eaes. Call be aeat finished and in proaresa at hilllams'a eoach factory, Cid, Collino-street?East, Melbourne. I-F this shiould meet tke eye of Joh1n Foster, aged Ilalteof La Trobe Terrace and who wao lame, and walked on a crutch, he will hear ot Idie father, by writiga to the care of Mlr hlilrea, Legion Iotel, tlurnrBank. I cTMEISE REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF SADDLERY.--M'CALLUMI A MIKENZI. have received, per late arrivals, same hleavy con algnmentl o1 tile moct specrior goods, in tile above lice, to ass extent more aullabhe to tile past tlsan thle present times, and whiels Ihave been seleteed by their prsdecesnr, In J~uoe Colase whsae wets. known practical and colonial cxperiance will beho aot old colonists, a aullicient gauarantee far qualty and suitalility. MPC. h M'K. Isavlng thlus obtained a stlck de cidedly tile lheaviest and best erlected In the colonies, are in a position, end are determined to dispose l tlile same at prices whsishe shell defy com petition. t .a Tile trace euppited. ICE ![-Ie.-Ice.-Ice.-ThIc Melboarne Ice Company have tile pleasure of announclng to the Inlalbitants of erlonsg and adjacenct towns, ctlat in cansclleace of much greater eneouraera ment than asetlcipated, ilsey hase adopted the tot lowlngalew price, whieh they confideltly believw wIll plice thlis most necessary article within thl reactsof every" citizen. Delivered In Melbourne, In qaonntlttes5 Id per tb. SOILVIYE aid lUcLN-kOs, Agasts.. OSEPH GARLICK, in thankin, hisa frienjdso for the three years' liberal support be hao received aut their hiands, begs lave respectfully to nformt them that all orders for CILItCOAL iullock eoados Sho Oakd Ftreweod, Directed to Joseph Gnrlick, care of O'r ltorkhamO aoddler, M[oorabool-strlct, euth ~GeelongL wieet iTTll dne attentAioE. _ov. 13, 1055, W UST Publisled, price One Shilliug, tte Geelong s)Book Almas naecltO.--Pbllshed by TIlO1tO" RO/N, .loorabool-steet; and old by l ioosksellers. TADIES' aiian made n lots, satin and kid .1islippers Enanmelled leathenr slippers Girls' Parisian made b aoots just landed IBOWN, fItTtiERS, Olalop.street. L ETTS' DIARI E S.---LeLta' Diaries, At G. IERCER'S. Opposite the Tank, OIoorabool.street. -?t. 11. ROUnKE'S WESTERN HOTEL L R 3 s10e n RnOUT, GaLeu~ox :O " The sWestern lintel is delightfully situated com. mending a mognilleent view of the bay and ship pIng; and gentlemen or femllles visiting Geeloc, willfin'ever" respect sind thlis the most comfortable and convenient house of any in the eolony. The culinary department is under the super intendence ot a second Soyer, and any and every palate must heple~asel eh~ops.stea?. ?h. &o.;, o ant any hour of the day for one shllllnle. Anl ordinary daily, at p p.m., whrn every delicacy -t the ieaeo1 is the table, and the dilferent courses lurnlshed tbr two shillings and saipence Is .sch as to excite universal admiration. Tin?wines, spirits, nld ale, are all of superior The oYlalabalel are under thc supcrrntendence of no experIenced g wom, mnd supplied wfith the beat ol forage. Tile proprietor in gratefully cknoewledging the liberal0nd unuprecedenlledl patronage he tias reeeired since opening the above hotel, )toRe respectfully to Infbrm Ilia patrons and the public at lorge. that no exertion on hId part llaln be spared il order to nmalntaini and increase that reputation ie Ilha already acquired. A conveyanie is In attenilance at all tile steamers lyom 3lelbourne, nod Ipsoeengero to tile Weoterin lintel are conveyed grtLis. Tfhe Estaaftte Line of Unebhes for Ballarnt and FleryCroeebleave tltesbovehutelduly. Passengers booked to any part of the digglnos. MlS. TURNER, Professor of Musio anil Dalncin, No; 2L3, lyero-rtrtc wret.-Mlrs Turner Irro removed her Acadermy for tire Instrlc lion of Popilio in noolo anrd lincing, to tle aoove emrnroJdiOOO premreint, and rolielolr ocootlnonnee orilin kind irtroorrguaot licr Ilcnind, and of tire society of Geclonfl In general. TIWaI FOR PUI'll: Pianoiorto, per Quarter, plnyable in adinnce £3 3s (Instrucliona oil tile lianolobrto lor beglnntrs, or to iniah tliho style of more advanrei'iiPupills.) Danclne, per quorter, payable in advance... £3 3is nioglo tessons .... .L... ... n5 atrs Turner, at tile rerquestof many of iher friendiri, has opcnel anr Arcemiray, which will be conlniinrld every forttllnirt, on 'lrurlray cv nlirgB, for tiie bieetll of htr noru ardvunccd ppllian nd ispre pared to aloint a limited nrmber ol reispectabl parties as rubrceribers, ut 30s per nuarter. ir Turner ry eorflnlrr tlie odrlmision to ierAsoernlriy to respeotable parties aoone, 0nn by etherjudlelorrs arrannenornt, wlillch frum pstt experienece In boni land sire will bi able to carry out, truts to iupprly nwent e teirleh hr long exisred in Geeloneg vi., Select Quarlrllle Party. It s to bo uinderstood tluot Pupils lll hiave tlhcentree to tle arsicmbly without extra charge. SclooLr AeriNDKi. M ILCII COWS FOR SALE.-Six well bIred q ulct, milch cows, wit Cnlves at foot. Also few Ur)augrll Sadndle llorse ane rilarcn. Apply at tellFrlINn STATION AAKI1ES. M ONUMaENTS, Tombs rttd Ueadlstonc, of nowest dreignso at lluxlcy and Parircr's Stonlo and o Marble Yard, Little LUCollns-ntreect ilar, letlbourne. MIONEY.-Money ladvancedl in small simsn . on good .c.rltii. S ,l? to SComm'lo«on Agent, , . " t. G lyre-Trelel, t, TRIS MOODY bees to inform iher friends o thYnt ihe tntpndi to re-open hIer Seminary for Younig Itodie, Jolanary 14, loSO. IALOP'-STREET SAW MILL and TIMBERl YAIlD, opposite tile Theatre, Great tialop street, Geeloeg. Tile undeestned tins eonstnntly on sale,Ra large quontity eC t toloknds or Buildting Timber,.WhtIgs itill te noltd at very reosontlte prtes-- - Deat of tite beat quality, from 10.to.30 feet long ?" IHadnwood and dent quartering, Joists, and battent .n s '. Weotl er and tintngboardo •s "l k .ng A uprir lot or gooved nd toned oring Doors and sashes, coloniat mde, as Troeap as : \- thoiseimpourted/. . .. -. Posts ao I ramlst, oaling . iare te-icing . BRO I p steer. Chaff oUt, by nteam .foefirenter or ohers, or sotd wtintente tuad tll kinds of firm pro otduee purntiosedl.. Dtllnret buyeer nre requested to call prcvinus to. going to .Melbourne, as tOl undertgsned isdnter ntinet to sell 0t oucti prices no shalt command Ibr (Celong a shtare of thit trade uhihel- naturally belongs to it, and not (ta tins been too muoh tile oase in Geeltong) drive onewy fron thlsltown'n trade, 'hicti aon be as welt done hiere os in IMelbourne. n yk . ' nJAS; G. ROBINSONU ., -Tanuary, 18jo. ,ENh' C S ?- L '0 rT IiN 0 ii. Soperfine blnck cloth Dress Coats, silk facings to do do FroeckCoots, do doe :, •Do do do ISochtford ont?, ddo Do .do do leoncnyoeonteoo Do do to "ndTweedY' lOt - - Shep~herd's llald, Tweed and Doe Troweer : ..? Extra tpllen'Cord.°'i~row'scr s ? ? -Cotton Coed.T'rowser'.• '. M.eltsln Trowers" ., - .. . VllItc linen llotiford Summer Coats end well made London goods, now Inonlog and for sale by" \- ! 1OWVN. BIROTIIERS. • Malop- setret. NOTICE.- All parties iinlebted to tlie Estate N ofTllomas Asliwortllalte ofGeelong, Sollcitor, tre requcsted to make immediate payments to lirs Ashwortllt adminla tratrix, and allUerons0 laving claims oigainst sild estte, are reqsirrd to furrntsht tile same to ALiEX; FIRASEI, Solicitor, Slurket- square, for adlustment. SGeloog, land December, ll55. NTOTICE.-Accommodation' Paddock, about ± 500 acres securely fenced, abundonceof feed, ilaltf mile frontoge on tile BUarwon river and tile lower L.elglt load. alout seven miles from Gcelong, with a gotdi yard. Clhurgc, 5i for horsea, and cs for entltle, per week, or la per head per nlght. A reduction made for any numter over ten.- A man at tile cottage to attend to the. gatoe. 'Every care taken, but no recpontiblllty. " :" JOIIN CULLEN. r'OllCE.-Wanted to purclhase, 4000 store SSheep., Apply to. . HU O, J.I.HUTTOS, S, Yarra-sltrect. January 15th, 1850. NOTICE.-If Charles Lamond does not take away lII nay .Mare, now at the Sir Williato Wallace liotel StabMes, Autumn-street, Asllby, tle said mare will be sold, to defray cxpenaea, in seven days from the date tereof. . JOHN SATCIIWELL, . Rising Son loteL Jan. 15,1850. " ' " ' TOT'CIOE.-E. MATTIIEWS informs his cu Stomer that lie hlas opened tle shop lately occupied by lir. Hooker, In Clnrncee.street. llere drutg can be obtained tle amo ao at tite old stop In Latolrobe-tcrrace, the buolneos of which wtl ?'b. conducted by hithnclfas heretofore. .. . - -OTICE.-AII Parties indebtelb o t-le Estale Sof Goergo Poulton, late of GCelong. Importer are requected to make , immediate payments to Denltamin Poulton. ndminlotratort Bud all'person, Ilaving claims against said estate, are recquested to lurnlsh the same to Benjamln Poulton for adjust. meln. . 15.. : Geelong. 10th Jan.i 100. Siarttet-snoare. - --- - - NOTICE of RE\MOYAL.- ?tMestrs. Varly, Brothers, nutcltsero, opposite tte Crowlolho Iercer-street, bee to nform.tlhcir numerous cua to mers, and the publtic georally, tIhatin coneqonenco of tite exposed and dusty, ituation. antd ti adap tton of the shop they at present occupy to preservei so peristhable n a article in c leanly end market able condition, they re aitdauced to transoer their butosiness to those new and extenive pre es, in S Ivik ue aned debtesive toremises, in course .'f erection, situate exactly 'oppostte thetr former rtsidenc upon which they enter 1 aturday, January l th 1tb5.m Varrley, lrothera desire to stoic that no pains or expense havo bhenrspared to render 'their new establishment in avery way ellgiled for earcyin on aerst-rate business, and hO . t meet with that recouragemeut whiclh it eha ever boe their study to deee" T h.e above are purchasers of a good Spring Cart. NTOTICE..-.Messrs. Itcsaught ,and, Boyd thaeina suceeded to the buarness hitherto carried on under the firm of Mtesar. Sinclair a,,d Itiddoeh, as General Grocers and ?ine and Spirit Merchants, beg to onnounce to their friends nnscithe publie generally, they will endeavour, by strict at tention to the wants of tIteir customers, to.merit a continued share of thteir patronage. Arstsoang-street, lallarat; Jan. 1,1656. XTOTICE 1t6 the Puhliil-I,.tie undersigned ... baving purchased debts due to J. A. Gregory Eeq. ,larket. square,' :hereby tnform those swruoer indehtedtto that. lwrm, that.Thomas Siter Waldock , I, Great Iyrie-street west. is appointed to collect tcie same, and hsolds the title deeds connected tiherewith- and unless theaccounts are nettled a:at the earliest opportunity, legal pro ceodlngs will be taben toreroaer tlie same. WILLIAMI HOMlY. Geclong, SfovCmner 11th, 18% . NOTICE..Arrnsgements, taking effect from December lst, havine, been entered into with tils Ielbourne and lobson 'siseylSl iwayCompan for the Transit to and tram Hobaon's Say o Goods and Pusoerr, o tile A. 6.. I. Co., eteume. tho undereigneet be Its uotii? that aubsequeutly tot above date the sydney steamers at present on thiL station will embark end land passengers, &et;, at the llallway Pier. ItaV.tP. WIIlTE and CO., A. S. .?.Co.'sagents, whtef, Mselbharne. ,,"._. OOTIOE..-. akigton.. Heoue Crnmmanr SlooL.--In consequence of the inclemency of- the weather prevenltlag the completion of thle commodious Setxool liouse; the-duties of the Pupils wiU not commectill:Monday, the 14th Jenuary, 1S5M., A rw\ ing Destee rcqufred for the ensuing half-year. UTIG of REHOVAL;--R Brown begs to iCfr E m? hi ....... and friend that he has aaen theose enu lodious mrem.o it. Goldsbrough!, Er'q., opposite the Plu, FliJ r Having sevral vessels in the colonial tdee vira., the srew-stermshiP Rdt ot'Ue YarOr, ,nrposn, oblon,?i. he ,iil ways have on hand a supply ntthe beat colonia tLourn, oats, brn,hy, potatoes; aolmts and rols. oints, quaiteringL Prling, ec., at Te lowest poeaihble rates. Country storekeepers supplied on the moet rea aon btte terms. . ' B O WN, Fllnders-atreet, Melhourne. NUGGET CONVEYANCE, to and from SWarly Yallotk and Lynton's Dignings, within twenty-ive mien of Fiery Creek. and most direct road to Fiery Creek, leaves the Black Bull every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 7 a. m., arriv ingn at3 p.m. same day, and returnlag each succeed Iflf~0ing Offce, Black Bulltlotel, andthejunition " the Black Lead, L nto nh' S.. C. YOUNG, PrYOoprietor . TOW READY, "The - Geelong Sheet Almanac, 1Ii," containing all requisite in. formation. Th e Trade and IIawkers supplied by the pubt Blsher TIlOMABa BROWS, Printer and Stationer, 7loorabool- treet. " Advoiers are respectfully reiuerted to forward their advertlsements a soon as poaasble for the "Baok Almannn, ae the putlalher wieira to get it ready early for the slew year. Advertisemente re ceived on to the 1Stha inst. . OW LANDING and for Sale by the lulder 50 satrek oats, nld water tanks 8000 c s llaannmy's, U. V. and central Vd. brandy O ldas .Vartell's: and IIennessy's, and U. V. do 20 do esat Indloa rum 250 oncaa tooth'o and Sctaloltron' old tom 350 do lyalT ' andt Porter' boattled beer. dnIn do 1ort altdsherry S3 do cllampsgno d4ss bags J ova eotldo 5Ebales cans as 23 pocetsbo hops Shirtings, snotoaktn trousers, tweed do, . TIISID, WILSON D CO, uEWr DRUG IIA.L.--M'Do ALD & COL ±1 unior ., w h.olesaal and retail Druglg its, Great ltyrle-stroet, teelong. t)rder tresrs lhe country punctually attended to PITOTICE.--Thle tmdersigned begi to announce t to thleir friends altd tito public thant tile}" hnve tlths sin trassiCred their interest Is, teltr atorce, altanlod In to tolcsdra. DYaid lc.taonttt and Jolhn ltoydafld tvlwhch wllS in luture bo carried on unader the style of a lessr. ,lcNauglht and foyd, and thbybhopo that theIr cuslomners will cotinuo to iOsor tlaom with their p1atronage. ILNCLAIIt , ILtDD1O111, Artstrong-strcet, Ballart. January I, l&?,. NTOTtCE.-T I beg to intfrm my Frietds asd ti. les publc that baIngai t..bs, day cnlerd.tlant partnerahip with .tr.Jese.bL.OtO sLnty bnotnet s willton intauro be conduatetl at te onl'eeoa Sialsw and ofawden, It, 7arra.stroet. • " KUJHLD A, DOWbDEP(, Arechitot, Ar. J?nnT alltb,lB • ON SALE, by the undlersignd, ex Christian i500 buihel e Danish Oats, equal to co 1200 do bran .Danl.ll btter, lst quality, in Jars, whole ond iallfnilrktns 15 casks pcarl barley 100 cases superfine flour en S 1'rme red Haltlc deals and boards, planed, 10t00rnguedl and grooved 10,000bricks ' o ... . . " \- Salad oil,l ltty'nS " . " : ' onrdlner, in halfand quarter tins S . PatnaandJavarice . , 1 Nova and rench cndecands I' - I1 matches, ;in easca; acal 50 and 30 ; '- ~ - gross, ' : - ' - S MELCHIOI & Co..: / _ 33. Flindcrr- lane west, Mclbournc. ON; SALE.-A- snug little Fanm, about 9 • mlles. from Town, contaninln l0ola Ir 21p, Iheing Goversyment allotment 41.pnrisls of Yownina , os'whicti iso ersletsd a two.roomcd cottage, stablc, .fowlsouoocandashedst. l Apply at tile. auction rooms ofJ.'B.11UTTON, Yarra- street. * * O N S A LE -by the sndersignd - 0 bones oandles. Ilelmont, sixes * 'Curroants, in ncwt boxes ' :oubble rose Cork butter, IIonan's . 500 builh hole maize l oo do SNew Zealanld oats ex Uncle Tom ' * ,'.S cases Cooper's pint pickltes, two dlozen eacti. S '3 illoslshld and 0 qr-coaks pale slrry' B . nya's ate and porter, in bottle tdlarzettl' do do Blarcliy and Perkins' do do - Cumberlnad bacon. ItOBnERTSON AND STOEVENSONS, " 14, Elizabetl.slreet, corner of Flinders-lnne. ON Sale by thle undersigned---Wheelbarrows' doplRuElO cuS onrs, pcrew bolts, sprinat sales do CrolkuLi'a patout. &c..; oC tie best lriali iamnu facture; also, colonlal plog osiliarrowt, drayo (bal. lock and Ilorse), wasrfons, apring carts; dog carts, family cart, aconveyancos, dast. andbliater steel, axles, blocka, wheeLs and axles of our own manu facturoe.- ' i Ilousa]r and.Fmoecso-1 64, Bourke-street Wctst, 2,[tlbourne, and, Simpson 0-road, corner of lIoddle street. I . . " PREVIOUS: to Alteraidns, a' great sale or 'Furnlttre and lIatrass Conay's Frn tare sand Bedding \Varebouse, opposite the London 1Iotel, Mdoorabool-street. ....... W.. C. having taken the adjoinlng remltnes, and intnding to manke extlanivo alterations, he has de termined to' eell of his present otock, - (and no. reasonable o0cr will be refused,) compriling about . .250 hair, lcotton, flock, and other mattrasses * . A large assortment of Btufirrd-bottonled ehairs, S sofas, couches and easy clatirs,ln haireloth and leather Iron and wood bedsteads, in great variety. Telescope and otiler dining tables Cheffoniere, planofortea, and bookcaseAs 5 large glaed cares witls alldling sashes About 40 well made gold boxes o Jieat ales 12 doz lelt lilats 200 lbs. of mop cord Doots, shoe, otockings, Ic., Bg. Observe tileo address-i CONWAY'S Furnlture and Mattrass 'Warehouse, Opposite the London liotel, . "loorabool-street, Geelong. PUBLC-,HOUSE to be I.et; near Fyansa Ford' ; opposite tlhellahnorl Inn, nearly tinileled ;'to unypnrty ofrepeetoblllty, the proprietor will otfer every encouragement.--Apply to.the Advertiser Omce D.UBILIC: NIOTICE.--'f'e asThisoable Paget |1 Coat, made to measure,3s; tie Peris Halt Soeque, also," to order, 3.s.--JAMlES DOBSON Mlerchant. Tailor, Hotter, Clothier and General Outfitter supplies gentlemen with fashtionable and seasonable trousers, made to order, for 21s per pair; also, with eeasonable. suits of elothing, mae t maasure, at three guineas the suit. A perfect tt goaranted. Observe-tllt, tourke-street Hasti M!elbourne. Terms esmh. - DATERSON'S Victoria Anlanac, price h€x S.. pence, containt risinguaod setting of thte sun, 00oo00 afe, eellpsec,calendar, gardening diree tions, unl a large amount of useful information utth copy oftho Amreruan title deeds, asd how to Bake a will. - I 'To be habd of alBooksellers. ARAlINERSnIP NOTICE.--I have this day admitted as Partner in my profession. "tie. StieteardA. Dowden, Architect nnd Surveyor. - 'lho business shlll for the future he carried on uuder the style of Shaw and Dowden, Areltects, Elnginoers, and Surveyors. JOSEPH L. SHAWY. Offces, 74 Ysrra-street, Janunry-4tht,? 1850 RANSOIE'S PATENT CuAxr Cl'TTErs, On * Sale by tise undersigned. A variety of tle above elebrtteld macliines with ail the latest improvements. F. IAUER, Ryrie-street. "DEAPL\G Mahlnesiin..-For nate, cheap, two .1.of, s luseyas improved Iteapineg Mtetinee. Apply to Str Jtnitencle, at the Cracgend Inour and Saw .ttils, Asbby, TrIO Storekeepers, Draperse Dealers, ned Others. .LCUMl?iMG , IttOTttERS and CO beg torCe. mind the trade generally tthat they purchase direct from" the mnteufacturers every description or Drspery and Slop Goods, whielh tiey continue to openl up in quantities to suit tie trade. They would call speclal attention to their present stock on hand aud to airive, suitable for tihe seeson, and whleh they ar? prepared to dispose of ou terms most favorable to purmchaers. - Casnlait Destera and Co., Impertera and General .slercbantc, 20, Collits.street Esat, .Melhooure... . -. - O LAND PURCHASERS.-rThe under Ssined dhles to inform thepebio, and parl tieularry Sew Arrivals, that he is aLways ready on the shorteet notice, to point out tie Lands lot bole; and also, to o8er useful information respecting those Lands open tor selection. Froni hls long Colonial and practical experience, (now fourteen yearso his "noolege of the country may prove oe great importance to the puechaser. : . i. hi. GARUARD, .. . r Surveyor, Lloyd'e Chamber. uIlaop.nrert weesl. Geelcng.. OE utdlesign ed s a ppurchAUer of, or wrill . S-advance money on all decrtption of furnsture, wearing apparel, wautehe, Jewelery;. gune, pistols and every descriptioi at miscellaneous property. A note addressed pirties will he waited ap.on at their residence. Tule strictest aececy may b re. lied on. O .rW. Bs F.VAN. Pawnbrokrer, m11, Unionastreet, Geelong. Oatober 2tth 155. tol. . . r]IA?NNER'3 Yictorin Garclener's Almanac-k. I.-Itare news far the new year, to the lovers of the Floricultural and liorticulturel Arts. Kow published, 'anner'a Victorian Gardener'a Almanna k; containing. In addition to the usual contentsaeaYearly Calendar, colce and original inatructionsa for tile entire management el the Vegetable, blower, and Fruit Gardens. A•ims the use and applleatlon of noals, catalogue of seeds,±c.,&o;, Country agents supplied on Ulberal terms. JOHN TA. 1ER, Seedaman, 24t, yrie.street, Geslnug, rilO Settle?,.-Ou Sale at F. BAUE'S, Rydre .Street-. . Sorby's crown Sheep-heaxs S B b Shckles * Patent acythes lay Knives Iaddle SCorrotive Sublmate BlueStone la Pitch Turkey Stone. &c.; be. io Dtaprro' Asstants.--Wbnted, a thorough .L business man to manage a small establal ment. Addrese P,P., oflfce of this paper. TIliO thIS PATERSON, Bookseller, Stationer, I An., begs tointtmoae t lt, in consequenc of lbs tenas ot its present plce of business teintg nearly exp irne d, he tai resolved, pr eviously to n.v tOg 'no r co n mao dts ue pro m ises, to olU ff n ta rg e portton of hris t.roi ? and V.0tl,.ob 55c0 or Itooso at .a iloaor RKDtisON et ttio sIaNsLW L TtLtn sil.oa. lttho fllowtlog wilt hotw tlis amount of redctions when eomnparecd with prices previuasly chargedt:- £ s.d. Lemprterc'o Clastical Ditltonnry, beat edititon ... .. ... 0 0 f N'Cuilocth'o Commercial tictionory... 2 It 0 Velnolson'o Cacrpentors' and Joinra1' Astatnt .. ... 01 0 Ntict olson'O Prtnoiples otArshitecture. improved by tiwilt, 21 plates ... 2 15 0 taknesparre. complete, fine edition 0 1ti a Cthonbero' lnltornution for the P1eo. ple? 2voiJ.. .. . 0 19 0 nlllnc~r s Church liistory ... .. 0 12 0 kleetwood'O 1.i0e or Clhrist and tthe Apostleslorgs and illustrated nel. tio ..01 0 Clonto's Cotamestaryt\ SeotL's Com"0 mentnry, ltarnes'sJ's ,otea, Ilerno on Leltoitno'a Conmplote Works, Newton's Completl \' orks Josepihus, asd a largo number or Stuandare Works, greatly reducedL Attention Is nalled to tts larugo sttok of Account mooks, Ledgers, Journ?el, boDy ooks, and it l'ty Aceoualt Books, suitablo tor either large or ont busistnoesro ~etthi are offered at a lower plriCe than can bn onnered by any toot sncrifnleng tomcrtan emergency. 'I'; r'. toels confident that the publIc wnIl embraen ttieree opportunity or securing CIIa'AO' Clorlatmas Presents, ,New Year's Gibl,An., nond SOtsof orow hustllnesa hooks ror 110, eon b pro oured Fax iorcnper tlitn ninheo else. Book and ;Slottonery Btorr, 15, Great MOltio ""t' 'HE Victoria Fire and BMarine Insurance mnCompany" hav resumed tile .Marine Depart mont of their usiness. C. 82. SMIITIS, Agent. Geelong. 2Sth December. 1t55. . . r[0 Bakers, Confectioners, and Others. C.Haxll Flour, nuanteed finestquadity; also' Cutau?inn Pour, on snle? by 'I IBULC S R.H1. BULLOCK. TO ATE-KEEPERS,&Rc.-For; Sale, by ! the Undersh.ned, n 'Superfer L~i dou-m ede ICE Ctlli:ST or 'trefrigerator complete, with Ice Cream cans Itloulds, e. ,.t?d--'?arttelowo uld booa greoatacquttton to any htotel. noo' thot'eupptefs of leo are constantly reccivedt frota the United States. F. BAUERt GCeelong, Dee. 1., 1255. Ryrle.street. SHTE Australian ent ical Journdzr, juet pit [ lshet. ?Agent In Gee g, Mrr THO.IAS c1fOW r, Msrlaool.street. To be isadquarterly, prlce1 per annu m. T TIIE UNIDERSIGNEI, having ttoset very .LEotcs.e Premises attlebearwon o reakwater. is prepared to Sconr and Cltas VOOLS, and get thoemnup for tl, Londton Marhet, on the moat Mode rate Tarman; he Is prepared to pneltaasO Greasy Wools ar Shoe~pakts lane anyantittes. •Wo . T5IOS.M sIA~SIALL, ' .'vOh ;l art, 3Iereor-Rtreet, elog .lt GreasyWools foerSouarinleR at T. l Wool Mart, BIereer-street, villUbo attended to with the Greatest Dlespatch. • - -. Good Dry Storage for Goods. THOMIAS ?,?IILL ER WALDOOK R t Land and "Iaouo Agent, s 23, tyrie-atreet, West, Geelong. S: Regilstry Offce. . ADEtAIDE LO?R. T"II? Uodersigcnd receive regular shipments a-"· 0f Jlart and IIugitee' fine lpre neh dressed Ado. lelde flour. ' .C ' e h "IIARTON, CAIID, and LITTLE, Queen.street, Ielbourne. Tr~O CONTRACTORS AND BOILDE IS. Tho unodersined hare on hand, for Sale, the following aticles, suitable for a iotl or pbli building :- "Plate Glasa-Wlndow Snahe-Doors- Arlaltravess and otlhrl onlC otcerel ove--larble antelpee--"IrbCounter Tosand Gypsum GIIIFPITHS, FAl NINdG t Co., SLittle Malop-strt, East. TO Bilder and hers---W. B. Hammond, Sister and stelercit lnJust received ex Invincible a large quantity best Banagor slates, from the quarries direct, and having made ax raogements with his ageot for a regular supply of the same, bers to state to his old friends and th1e publlc in general, that lie has reommencel bhso ness In the above line, and is now enabled to coo. tract for and complete elating at the lowest poa slble price. i c WM. B. HAMMOND, Clarendono-otret, Clsltwell, Israr Crichet Club Hotel. mrlO Purties in Search of a good Horse.--DAvo L Cacas. Produce Merchant Little Styrle.street West, has for sale- Several superior draft horses; also some S asuperior hcmkneys Also, horse drays, dog cart. D. C has ablso constantly on sale st quality V. D. L. flour D~o L'hi~uil do . Potatoes Oats, colonal and Scotch Itran", .Hay and • ':Chaff 01 thio very best qUality, nod at prices to salt the '.ERMINUS 1BAIKERY, Mercer-street. SMrs Dunuvan; takes the preoent opportunity of thanlilng tier freinds ond the public for tile very liberal supprt site has received during the slaeor time she has been in buhaness; nod now blegs tosn farm tle public that die is prepared to supply the very best artliclo of iDBread," at tile lowest possible price. , r lIIIoMAs HbLME DAlVIS, is, MaPrkgt street, Mnelbourne has 05 sale •Case and bulk sherry Bo part . , Sotiled stout " Sardnesa. Bulb ale Candles Iulk brandy and case: wV.grum Case and bulb old Tom Bulk wibhlsev '1'IIE Undernigacci are now. discharging, at I the Moornbool-street mVharf, ex Mnrtia, a corgo of splandid CoatBlniiotstosut purchasers, lloorabool-street. HE Geelong Boot DeGpt is now opEn, with Tchoice Gasortment oD lde enta a~nd eht. ^ren' boots and cos.- oftall and every dtscription. Frank James and Co. beg to say the aboveestab llshment will be carried oa on iuch a syrtem as to ensture public patronage and give universal natiM faction. lheir principle is to keep gooud articles, and at such prices haut wiU 'defy competition t.hroughout the wbole woriLa. I.ItANK JAMIES and Co., The Gcelong loot iepot, Market-square. OSTRAW onnLcts.---Straw- Boaetse.---Ldie Smay have their Straw Bonnets cleaned and altered, and done up in a snperior style, byJ. . d 3AURyri-atreet O ABTIE, G5|r ?oor lsorcot, three r oorne aves panama and Cabbage Tree Hfat cleaned. SULLOCK DRAYS Wantcd. Iliglest raes . giver, Ialop- teete Sanw Mill, opposite the Theatre. ANTKERS.----nuted a tiamte Younh Ian. Apply to Juu. YlVucot, Kilguar-atreet. r I 0 IiAKERS.-Wanted, a Baker. Apply lat the Ternoianuars arery. h-O DRAPERS.---Wanted, an experienced ""aistant, *`mW, BRIGHT "T'Co,?"?'-" M r e ke art-square., "OYAL MAIL HOTEL.-Wanted a man LU to act as Second WYalter and boots. W7ANTE D, ugig aid saddle Horoe a cob T preferred. Apply to * e . hUAER, Ryrie-strret. VAŽTED, Grooms for the road; none need pply exeept.r fst-rate men, at the Brttiah Holte, to IANEtY IJEWI'NiG A Co. W A.NTED auiative Lad, to make himu?h. I. generally usful in a Storoon hallarat. Apply to Jt. a. LuV , haredina-strrt. Geloug, huad Janaary, l?, ·eo. !/ ANTS a situation as Shepherd.-A man o IT tamtly, and of great eolonial eaperience On sheep and cattle ; unacerstaudo the curing of same, and hao been i that io tor many years tin ditterent paros o00 cotland; wal d a happy to engage with an employer iamedtalely, in the same capacity.--Cao prodaci aatiatctory testtmonals, at to character and capanbtity.-Addresa, ?Jl., Advertiaer Othce. %AANTED, a Dray, to take 8 or 10 cwt T toColae. Apply at the Commercinl Inn, Coro-street. Appty?ayrtly. ANTED, a respectable man as Singer and TV Chairman. Apply to F. Carmant Game. keeper'a iHotel, Yarr-au.vet, Gedonng. TANTED, by a lade, a situation as resident S overness.--Belreronee as to respectabhty given and required.-Addrrss, AvIY. o001c of this paper. SANTLD Four Bullock Drays to load with tour, aod linpg mool duawn. Appty to W. L. Li'iS, Pubt ic ¥oti Wourhounc. XV A NT E D, Farm Servants. O'FAItRELL & SON, t tyrte-street WANTED, to be known, that J. TONKIN, Iron Bedstead Maker, &c.;, has removed to No 6. Great Ryrie Street, two doors from Moorabool-street, where bedsteads are made to order, of any size, pattern, or price ; also, Smith's Work of every description, WANTED, Tenders to erect a Steam Engine, Stweaty tIroe power. For particulars apply at JACKtiN?' tober Yard. Great Ityre-street. Geeln.g, Juauaryi 9 1050. . ',j ANtl'?), for an Ilotl at Creswiek's Creek, 1 a , arriod Couple ; the woman to cook ond waohl, tile onsa to drves I hloruo and cart, uatd smke hIimeelt generally uoelult. None need apply 'sut tlhovc wthagn give rood retrenslee. Apply to aIsIcLAItI d sRIDDOCu, SMalop-sattet, Geelono. W ANTS a situation, a young man of ex Spcrtucc in buslucca, wrntu wull, aud quick at uccouun. Apply lby ltler3 tuoA. B. Auvortlier 0ll5cc. ASTLD, enmploynmcut by an experienced lilctliori sd Fruit Gardener, Ao.; addorej t., Hallsay Hotel, Aslyl. Country prefirrred. WANIED, a reapectable Youth of liberal education, olthlr ua articled pupll, or fur u term. DACKIHOUSI . IniYNOLDS, Arctllect usnd Surveyors. at nrketsqcuarc, Jan., 14tl, 1030. .. - WANTED,-a good plain cook. ; Apply to tItUS. BilIIlT, on Wednecday auo flurs. day, from 10 to 4, iaurkot*aquare. LACK MARE Lost near Meredith, hrnnded C V nenr shoulder, white star on forehlead. ?rr~n G~rey Horse, branded G on neear albid~lr~r. f rewardid ofi, red. - ? JOthT" ThlGOVE. ,nquire at thie George IIotl Ahby, O?UXbD, on my Run, a Bay Mare, black I points star in the forehelad, branded, appa lently, ?? illegible brands off neck. CA Tile owoer can have thleanme bypayingalleO. penses, and proving title to. FREDERICK DISWIN G.M Paraarnp, Upper arwon. OUND a Piece of Jewellcry- in a street .of L elon.--Tro e owner can leave thie ame by gcing properdercrlptlion nd naytng ICr a.derttseo ment, on applying to S.Ih , on. 17, llindrer-lane, rast rlelbounrne. ' TOSLN, !rom tle R hace ourcrIiotel, Ballarat, on tile 7ill.inst., aFanwt.Calovretd lnngnroo Dog. white strile dan ,tbrceliad, nnd a hldte pott ,n the neck, brnded lJ Q near rib.--lf o lat thbe delivered to Mr SY. GOeLI?cG. ______" ____" _ ? rJ. QUINSEY. STEWALE of .£e.---Lot frotlm Miereditl,aone L blhy Iorse, J near attoulder star on lorehend, heo.3 ofn hnouldcr and near hind feat wllcte. Any one fnding the above ltoroe wIlllrce,.tve tte hbove reward, by delivelrngl tie lorse atony tef'ih Criterion Comnpany'sotahles in toen, or ulconi the road. ,: - . - " ..... '"IT..DIS'TNG~ a'ad CO. QTOLEN'on tSie '28th or 2D0t Septeoleer. one Swhltelnore, aged. heavy in foea, froto Saeeltie 10 Pris of liareahl. £0 I£c1 w aardi forthorse and " tlief, or £2 for dellitre" to tile undersi~wd. GAIIILIST Sil lFN, SIace Coetrso lotel. IOdEN oriStryed Fiom the Qcteenc's Irecd terel c orriet ]! teee'R t, a Ittclht lay 3ltMer hrended GIl near shloulder, Idlod eted stCer tobO vltile, small star on forehead* any onebrenging tte tame to tile understltted will recetee 1.5 rew.rlrd, td if stolen, on cotviction of tile thcief, 1.25 re. vnrdwlll be given 1,y epp~lring to Qnetn'd Ilead Ilotel, ortoJohn Callon,'y, ..Olcdy Water llolc.. SToLEN or: tlrnyctl, a d.lrk :rey Mare, branded GP neaI" sehoe!dcr, off !:lod fetloek vlchits, omnllt whlte paot on loecltheal. hive Pounds reswart will be paid g,r f ritegintg lice satne to J. '. Ilarrels, Vhtll orse hatore, .ousuot i'lasanat. hal. late; or, if stolen, Ten IPoundt, on conviction of nhe ,iol0 - - tTOI;EN, front off' 1he IBarrcleal Ililles, ntee K. skehwhld gelding, brands G sc near nhoalder" S years old. rAlso, one hay more, 15 Ihands hletel, off ear bent, lrandad dinnmond 64 under, lticorecle S under near bhoulder, CP near thigh. Tite same reword sill be paid on recovery of'tle t hores. QTOLEN o- thle 9th, from Litlll I(iver, one K. bay mare, J1I conjoined nesr ehoulder, black maneand tail and starin forelseed.n. n-pereston bringing same.to Dsattiel Corerna, Litle Oliver, wIll receive live Ipounda recward. leelong.Jsnuary 14, le.56. STOLEN or Strayed from the Iooraboo Siver, bout a month 1oo, one cihefnult tare, branded near shoulderr , S, on off neck X -blaze on orehead, hind fere o bite. Whoever shlle brihg the same to Mlr Daniel IIurley. Petrel Ilotel. Pak ngtou-street, AnshtA, shnll reeoveO the aum oo Fice Pounds; and if stolen, on conviction of thitef, Ten lPounds. . . . DAPISIEL SIEAIUIA N Alooraoatl liver. TWO P, UNDS REWARD. - Stolen or Sstrayed, from Bruce', Creek, on D1atDecem ber, a esronau horse, branded ,I oil the near shoulder, and EX on off neck, blaze down thle lace, tro hindlegs white. Caution poundheepers.aue. tioneers, and others from selling the camne. tbao ever will find the samo and leave at .1r. loloao, Bruee Creek; or Mlr. Burns, blackamitit Little Jialop-attrt, shall receive tile above reward. rTWO Pounds Relward.-Cauton to i'oo'd keepers.--Stolen or Strayed, from Kihlare, about six weeks oao, one red or yellow mod wiolle cow, white face, belted with wirlte on rump, H It (contotoed) near rump, near calving' also, in a few days otter, one red coaw, hite ilankh, . near nmp, A near shoulder, S offrrump. Inormnation to JOHN' BYRNE, Sloolmnstrr Isablla-etr'et, Kildare, near tile Sportman'o Arms. ?IX. Poundc Jeward.--Stolei or Strayed, a LI dark brown Horse, braonded I near'thoulder. EJ offshouloler. £3 will be paid on the recovery of the horete or it stolen, 10 on tile conviction ofaioh tiohef; to beleflt at the Freemneon's Store, Waterloo Flia, -Fiery Creek, or Gtldrdy's Hotel, Asloby, toeloua. OrRATED, from Iluningong, T27tlh Aoguot, l-55, One"Flea Bitten o ray o Iare, branded V near cheek J near neckoo N r.aW revertedjornar shoulder. . One lay Pony, hind fetlockh white, SL near and off suhouder.. .. 0 Ono Say Mare, black points, WC near shotlder. One: Jron Grey Mare, AF (eonJilned) near shoulder. . Two PoUndo 'reward\ ttllte ?ai?tdon devteory ot0 earl horse to.Mr SELLICK, Crown tlotel, Iunia yong, or tor such inlormnation ao will lead to the dicovery. D AID KITCUEI RW A?Yd iD.-Stolen on Sonudn\\- i"ight, o £2 early on Mronday morninug, ih or Itrh unr..; near the Eureka lotel, Pyon'a Ford uead, a Cheenut horse, branded ti on nfer rhoullder, on otshoulder, scarcely visible, white bltaedown Any one giving information ba .Messrs. DESN and OSBOltN, Jlerehants, hdalopostreet. Geelong or the undsreliged, Fyca' For Road° shatll re. cervo the above reward. JOSEPrD l!PPIfl. White Tent, Fyans' Ford Ioad, October lth,l _ _ I _ __. -5 REWARD.-Lost from Brown's :Dig i glugg, Wardy Yalleck, a 'chesout heavy drought mare, branded PY near eoiulder, white etripe on face. Any persoon bringingher to the un derogaoed ehal receive d.5 reward. DAVID (ILAR1KEI, Piggrreot, Sturdy Walloe. L* I REWARD.-Lost on Wednesducay ohie 5th December, twenty milee on .Ilaiinrc± d of Avoca, a IargC Chesnlut ?lare, whitr nDwn thce, hind ietUohka iltote, mrene aned toil tactiniseg to grey" -<? nearshoulder nod ol'reree, C on erer rumnp one of the tireohoofo has a rligl'e, crac duwn the treat ncareely pereepetible. \- .i"reraou-etreit, Atshby. • a5 IEWARD.-Lost near olkewood, a .I Light Grey Iare, long bushy tail, eon tritday,'dtlh Deemoer, branded GD near eheulldr, like O ff side back. Whoever wlltbriag her to 1u),-d loctt, Otrawberry Cll, near Geelon,; or Cer Lyoco, poubiranr, ltokoevood, shalt reccurv the above reward. £10' ?REWARD. Solen from the Duck Pondsa;on the bth orJanuary- ..A. chesnut neare aed ibal, blace, near heind and oelore tert white, brurand' CY'neor shoulder, -N nllahoulder, E oerneck. The above reward will be paid on convitction on the the thier; orne iorbtre rerovery of the entire. O0SLMYO0NG SCHOOL. -- Th- Bonnong School will be reopened aoter the lolidcey, one Wednesday, the 0th January. T'iho terms for Boaardae:-- ".. ThirtyBoe x Pounds for a year. 1Tnereoh Pounda for qr?f a yea, •ten Pounds ehrea quarter. TheFee lerTehcl~tngia unoe ound a quarter; encept tor thehighest elasa, the lon io rwhel. to two po.llf rs eq a m b dera.... d • dan' ,''" • e mafe,?r bet 'paidin adv"ce0 EiD'UCA IONAL: ESTA]3ILISHMLEN T Ls-. b. dou House. Parents and guardlias whlo say e deseouasof plicing young incies at ua selkt boarsiug achoot are jnuormed that the Nfiesur Ureer?s etabllshmect wilt be re-opened on iou day, the 21st beet. for terms opply at Li.clon House, Abordeen-sateet, Newtowu; er .\r iceewn, htutioner, Moorabool-street. l.5.-A peroso compotlnt to lecture on icien. tioe subjects is ;reqsnied at the abjoe etabua.in menl. QT. MARY'S Collegiate Schsol, MlWil.~p. 0.I street, 5Leelong.--'ln elasscs in thit Eet.co ilshment will re-o.pn on 01oodauy Junucry :'et, 15.0 it is partesidarly requerstl that all tics studens o ho sltrsd to enter f0r tie eteulng term ahoulld be punctual in their attendosulce, alot ssoy sbsenae eltier at tore eomlmaormont or duriug tic ters, mtertally affects their position in tlleir bluses, and tieir chance of prices a thlce too us the term. 'lhb course of studies tomprises all tle branehes of a liberal education, Itoptrutoc aucoesrltg tictlhe best European system. Xoutths are preparo.r cape. ciaily for the position intended icr thea by their irieads, whetiter omnsrciao mercntile, ourioul turai, or tile proleselons, and lor adsollstou to a University mursr. 'eeL sor otesident Students, 00 Guineas per annum. IDo t'or Ion-resident........ 0 dc do For furthter partlculare, as toextras, Ic., atlyld to the Prthelpac, Sir W. C. Atiichon, attho i. tabtiehtent. • B.B.--tn the case of loarlers where tlhere are more than two pupils lioom tile 0an1o fanlily, ome reduoton in the terms twil bemade. JAIhINGTON llonse Groamar Echool, Pakingtun-strret, Newotown. .ottobeiiitEd 1ti. Prineipsl, .1r Trso tsu W. Surr.es. Tihe course oe Instruction at tiis eetsbltismrnt is o1 euch a chaescter as slltlllestily to slaluly yooUtl Ior varied positionsto! u01Otulness. Tite S'rtooeopl is now well bllown lr tite success whfcli Ihas ott?.zrdt t his eforts iu trulnltstg she youtlhul Onsid to hsthit? ol thoughttc and peropr'ety. Ti'e rnnehcts ot Islttructlin pursoed are 1L.tln. FrelsChl , lgebrartAltlt hgoule u s ttvr15str'l, /isottlsI Grmonistr osith parsdsg, Uto ortllhy with atoaps, iloctutlin, ,Nturtl o Plultop5hs, Iireelstn, Itosoan ussd Jinglihh Lieratures, Looit. kreepingl b?'.u:nlepl Ind dluuble eotry; also Uhelulro try, as appnelorle to arieulture. 'trrms nosy ho be koown osoo ulolopUcatlon. Th'lu~puplla wll rLeessmle 0itter the Chrirtmtmo Vocatotlo,) J suoanry lith, 1520. 0 Goivanised cerrugauti iron \- tiles goil euclsg ag* Courcoai sheet sron liar ails sd iross, best Saot'rdshlrel ' A comploce asoerttent. suitable Lor blomitht aclolnsts, .1?,5us landoded" t'. S-ieet---oat llloer, bister, siring Is I i. eUilwoi alt't sdsea for biuchodt~iuss' ,,t 1 Anvils . ? ---. ? 'Vices aicu hnommers| IltaWdo .I ,, . P: PuErt, nI~t~rk.?o e 