PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY. ABOUT fifty gentlemen attended the second meeting of the New South Wales Philosophical Society, which was held yesterday evening at the School of Arts The Hon E DEAS. THOMSON took the chair. He informed the assembly that he had received a com- munication from his Excellency the Governor-General, expressing his regret that he was deprived of the pleasure of being present at the meeting. The following gentlemen, who were proposed at the previous meeting as members of the society, were ballotted for and elected: Dr. McEwan, Phillip-street, W Keane Esq.; Thomas Batsby Robie, Dungate House, Castlereagh street , Andrew Allan, 57, Clarence street, T Mulholland, Wynyard-square , James Comrie, M L C , Miller's Point, The Lord Bishop Sydney , A McArthur, Glebe , Charles J Hodgson, George-street , John West, Herald Office , Andrew Garran, Herald Office , Charles Eloius, Royal Mint , Simpson Davison, Belmont Villa, Old South Head road , Adam Wright, 36 Wynyard-lane , Joseph Lyne Brown, Albert-street, Darlinghurst; Marshall Burdekin, Macquarie street, Sydney , J V Lavers, George street, W D Naper, Government House, A Denison, Government House, W Bradridge; Alfred Roberts, 20, Castlereagh-street, Rev Robert Allwood , Rev. Foster Ashwin, Captain Hawkins, R E , Captain D Scott, Cumberland-street , Conrad Martens, Esq., Mort's buildings , Joseph Trickett, Royal Mint , W Stanley Jevons, ditto , E B Boulton, Esq , Darling Point , James Henry Thomas, Esq , Cockatoo Island , O R Campbell, Esq , Mort s buildings, F Terry, .Esq , Railway Station , Edward J H Knapp, Junior, II, Elisabeth sheet, Gother K Mann, 1 sq , Chief Com- missioner of Railways, Colonel Morse Cooper, H H Browne, Esq. , -Keane, Esq , Newcastle, Julius Lippman, Dixon-strcct (Stearine Works) , B Mount castle, George-strcet, Robert thompson, Esq , Mort s buildings, Henry Heydon, 2Go, Geoige-sticet, Alban Thomas Davies, Mrs Allens, Jamisonstreet, Edward Wise, 10, Elizabeth-street, Thomas Ranken Gloucester terrace; Julian Solomons, Wynyard squnre, j Malbon Thompson, William-street,H Windeyer Thompson, William-strcct , Henry T Brown, Crown Solicitor's Office, George T Benbow, 12, Castlciengh sticet, James Cow- lishaw, Surry Hills, John Roberts, Walter Hooper, Edward Bell, James Robertson , Frank E Fowler, 177, Liverpool-stroet Thomas W Levinge, General Post Olhcc , William Hanson, Phillip-strcct North, R Rupert Ewen, St Philip's Gram- mar School, 81, Botany-street, Robert Simpson, 1, Horbury Terrace , E O Moriarty , S H Mansfield, Dr Berncastle 10, Wynyard-square , Isaac Aaron,145 Castlereagh street; Hugh Houston, Infirmary, J B McGuyar, Elizabeth-street, Robert Hunt, Royal Mint, Sheridan Wall, Museum, S Maurice, Seaview-terrace, Darlinghurst, Frank Haes, 9, Jamison-strcet, William Roberts , Henry T Fox , James C Tucker, William C Bennett, City Engineer's Office , John Taylor, Barrack-street, W Catlett , A L Catlett, Hector McLean, 7, Jamison-street, Charles Grace, 37, Yurong-street, Henry Phillips, at Messra Thacker and Co 's, W Cr Pennington, H P Plews, Rev James Fullerton, Pitt- street, Richaid Johnson, Pitt-street, James Johnson, junior. Pitt street , William Randell, Newtown , William Weaver, Ryde, Lieutenant Vigors : R. C. Want, Woolloo- mooloo, James Mitchell, Cumberland-street, David S Mitchell, Cumberland-street, W Burton Wade, Joseph Fowles , George Deffell, Henry John Porter The minutes of the former meeting were then read and adopted Captain WARD then announced that the following interesting works had been received from his Excel- lency Sir W. Denison :-" Transactions of Philoso- phical Society at Victoria, up to 1855 ; Report on Murray River District in Reference to its Geology, Soil, and Prospective Resources, by C. Hodgkinson ; Report on the Geological Structure of the Colony of Victoria, by A. R. C. Selwyn ; Meteorological Report of Victoria for eight months, ending January 31, 1856, by R. B. Smyth ; Hydrographic Notice of Islands and Reefs in South Western Pacific, by Captain Denham, R.N." A vote of thanks to the Governor-General for his gift, was carried by acclamation. Several curious literary works - some of them in the Danish, and others in the French language - were laid upon the table for acceptance. The bye-laws (at the end of Report) were then read. They are to be subjected seriatim to the members for adoption or alteration at the next meeting, to be held on the second Friday of next month. The Hon. E. D. THOMSON- then read the following paper on Steam Communication with England : AUXILIARY STEAM COMMDNICATIOÎÎ. The accompanying papers were written on my return voyage to the colony in the ship La Hogue, Captain Neatby. The subject has been treated in a somewhat desultory manner, being the result of the observations which I made from time to time as the circumstances occurred, which I considered it desirable to record, as calculated to prove the theory advanced. Since I arrived I have not found the leisure necessary to re- arrange the points submitted for consideration, in that logical and consecutive order which would have pro- bably rendered them more intelligible and interesting. I trust, however, that if the suggestions which 1 have made on the subject, be found on examination to possess any value in a practical point of view, they will not be the less acceptable, because they have not been brought forward in a more able and satisfactory manner. " , Paper No. 1 was originally intended for the infor- mation of the owners of La Hogue, and has refer- ence chiefly to ships carrying a mixed freight of pas- sengers and cargo. ¡ No. 2 proposes a scheme of -postal communication and immigration, combined, the one being "made to aid and supplement the other. The interest in the latter proposal has been somewhat decreased since the paper was written, in consequence of the determination of her Majesty's Government to establish a general plan of Steam Communication with England for the whole of the Australian colonies, but I, nevertheless, have thought that it was not necessary on that account entirely, to suppress it. The recent voyage of the Royal Charter from Liverpool to Melbourne, has con- firmed in a remarkable manner, the theory which Ï have endeavoured to explain in the following pages. I have also been fortified in my opinions on the subject by the testimony of Lieutenant Chimmo, R.N., who was' a passenger* by that ship, and io whom both the papers in question were sub- mitted on his arrival in the colony. I have likewise been favoured with a letter from Captain Denham, R.N., commanding H.M.S. Herald, who has expressed his entire concurrence in the several suggestions con- tained in them. The high character which he has acquired as a skilful' hydrographer gives great weight to his opinion on a question of this nature. Encou- raged by the favourable view taken of the subject by those officers, I do not hesitate te communicate to tho society the result of my observations respecting it. I am well aware that it becomes an unprofessional per- son Uko myself to speak with great diffidence on matters involving both nautical and engi- neering skill. I trust, however, that in what I have proposed there will be found sufficient of a practical character to command the attention both of the navigator and of the engineer, whose superior knowledge in their respective professions will enable them to correct any errors into which I may have fallen. My wish, indeed, is rather to invite criticism than to attempt to lay down fixed rules on a question of such varied interest. If I can enlist the sympathies of abler hands in its investigation, and if the result should prove, as I sincerely hope it will, of important advan- ' tage, not only to the Australian colonies, but to the mother country, by greatly facilitating the intercourse between them, the object I havo had in view will have been more than fully accomplished. No. 1. MEMORANDUM RESPECTING THE APPLICATION Or AUX- ILIARY STE4.M POWER TO PASSENGER SHIPS IX THE AUSTRALIAN TRADE. From observations made on my voyage from Aus- tralia to England in 1854, and on'my return voyage to Sydney in the latter part of the past and the com- mencement of the present year, I have been strongly impressed with the persuasion that the application of auxiliary steam power to passenger ships employed in tho Australian trade might, under judicious arrange- ment, and at a comparatively small increase of expense, be adopted with marked advantage to the yvhole of the Australian colonies, by reducing in a material degree the length of time otherwise necessary for the voyage. Time and distance become in such cases synonymous terms. Every day the duration of the voyage is diminished operates as a virtual diminution of the distance. If it can be reduced to two-thirds of the ordinary time required, the distance is practically diminished by one third. The importance of such a result is too obvious to require enforcement by any elaborate argument. Its influence on the future des- tinies of these colonies must, it appears to mo, be of the most beneficial character. It is well known to all shipmasters engaged in this trade that, with few exceptions, they can, by directing their course through those regions, where particular winds prevail, ensure a regular, and indeed a high rate of speed during, a. very large portion of the voyage. > On the passage- out, as soon as the latitude of the north« c'rfst trades is reached, tlie'y call ctilcuiittc vyith some degree of certainty on the progress of, theil' sliip?. The smiie riiay bc'suid with'reference to the latitudes yvlicre the south-east trades prevail. Iii like manner, on reaching the usual position where au easterly poiu'aC is followed, varying according to opinion from IO- to 47' ; south latitude, there is almost ti certainty of meeting | with strong westerly winds thoughotit till seasons'of the year. There in never any difficulty, therefore, in making n rapid passage from the longitude of Tristan d'Acunha to the extreme eastern portion of the Australian continent. The zone encircling the whole' globe, comprised within the 10th and 50th degrees of south latitude, is usually designated by marinéis as the " roaring forties," a not inappropriate term, con- sidering the constant prevalence in those regions of very strong gales, blowing alternately from the north- west and south-west. A similar zone, where westerly winds prevail, exists in the northern hemisphere ; and thus, with the strong easterly direction of whut has been long known as the " gulf current," and which I believe was first observed, or at least brought into prominent notice, by the celebrated Dr. Franklin, by means of the thermometer. The temperature of the water being much higher within than beyond its influence, probably prevented * the earlier discovery of the continent of America. In a voyage which I made to the United States, in 182G, I had occasion to notice the important influence on the duration of the voyage to and from England, arising from those causes. From an average which I obtained of the length of the passage between Liverpool and New York, then exclusively performed by sailing ships, which were considered in those days to bo the fastest and best of any belonging to the mer- cantile navy of any country in the world, though so vastly inferior in all respects to the clipper ships of the present time, the number of days outward, or to4the west, was 42 ; whilst the number homeward, or to the cast, was 22, or very nearly one-half. I mention this circumstance in order to show how important it is to watch with care the great prevailing phenomena of the winds and currents, in devising the means of making the most expeditious passage, at the lenät possible expense, to any part of the world. Tile suggestions in this paper aro founded on tins principle, so far as my very limited experience has enabled me to apply it. No doubt the distance, and consequently the duration, of the outward voyage, might he con- siderably diminished by adopting the principle of great circle sailing ; but from the rapid and excessive change of temperature, -which must inevitably be experienced in proceeding so far to the southward, as is necessary in that case, I consider it highly objectionable when applied to ships conveying large numbers of passengers or emigrants. It follows, from what has becn'statcd, that tho por- tions of the voyage, where the greatest uncertainty and delay prevail, are at the commencement, and on reach- ing the,variable latitudes lying between the 10'of north latitude, where the north-east trade usually ceases, and the 3rd degreo of north latitude, where the south-east trade begins. It is in this intermediate space where calms, intense heat, heavy rain, and occasionally heavy squalls, are experienced. This is undoubtedly the most uncomfortable, ns well as the most unhealthy portion of the voyage, occupying frequently ten days, a fortnight, or even sometimes longer ; whereas the dis- tance, about 400 miles, might with ease be performed by means of auxiliary power, in from two to three days, with this advantage also that the ship might be impelled to the most favourable position in which to take advantage of the south-east trades. The wear and tear of the sails, which during calms Ls very considerable, would also be avoided, for they would of course be furled when the ship'Was under steam. It is probable that the best course in such a case would be to the eastward of the Canary and Cape de Verd Islands, so as. to cross the line about the 20th meridian of west longitude. I have little hesitation in saying that, in such a position, a ship would be enabled to make from 30 to 40 miles longer runs each day, when crossing the S.E". trades, than if compelled, as is frequently the case with sailing ships, to adopt a more westerly course, and to sail .close to the wind, in order to weather the eastern capes of the continent of South America, and subject to tho further disadvantage of being so often compelled to shorten sail, from the squalls that occur in the vicinity of the land. It is obvious, too, that every mile a ship is compelled to go to the westward is a practical addition of ttoo to the distance to Be performed-for as the course is east- ward, after reaching the proper parallel of south lati- tude, it must necessarily be again run over. The aid of steam power would also be found very serviceable in the variable latitudes between the 24th degree of south latitude, where the S.E. trade ceases, and the 32nd, where the westerly winds usually begin ; and again, on the Australian coast, until arrival in port. It is not conceived that the use of auxiliary steam power would be necessary for passing the several portions of the voyage referred to, for more than from 14 to 21 days. It is not proposed, therefore, to touch anywhere on the passage for coals, nor to carry a supply for any longer period than the latter. In a fast-sailing ship skilfully managed, it is confidently believed that the voyage to Sydney might by this means be performed with some degree of cer- tainty in about seventy to seventy-five days. The saving of expense from the curtailment of the voyage a fortnight or three weeks, especially where there is a considerable number of passenger», would go far to compensate for any additional cost that the employ mentof steam power would occasion, and there can be no doubt that a vessel of this description would at all times command a preference for passage and freight over ordinary sailing ships, and would probably obtain much higher rates. The observations, which have been made with refer- ence to the outward, apply with equal force to the homeward, voyage. Auxiliary steam power would be found highly advantageous in enabling a ship leaving Sydney to proceed rapidly to the southward, where, as has already been pointed out, there is a certainty of meeting with westerly winds. After rounding Cape Horn, the samo detention occurs as on the outward voyage between the 32nd and 24th parallels of south latitude, as well as in the calms which prevail between the 3rd and 14th degrees of north latitude. The vexa- tious delays which are also sometimes experienced from adverse winds on reaching the Channel, would, in like manner, be obviated by recourse to steam power. If necessary, an additional supply of coals might be taken on board at Plymouth to enable the ship to steam the whole way from thence to London. It is with great diffidence that I venture to offer* any opinion as to the best manner of practically carrying out the above suggestions. I think it essential, in a service of this kind, that clipper ships, with the finest lines should be employed, and, above all, that the run aft should be as fine as possible, in order that the screw may act with perfect efficiency-that they should be as fullu and completely rigged as the best class of sailing-ships ; and fitted with screw-propellers capable of _ being readily feathered, so that when not in use the ship may not- be im- peded in sailing. The engines should be fitted with expansion gear, in ordor to economise the steam when practicable. The improved mode of starting, stopping, and reversing the engines, by means of the link motion, should also be adopted. The funnel should be made on the ' telescope principle, so that it may be lowered when the engines are at rest. To save space in the stowage the best description of patent fuel or anthracite coal should be used. A portion of it might be curried in iron tanks, in lieu of ballast, and as it is consumed these might be filled with sea water, ki order to preserve the proper trim of the ship. Care should be taken that the boilers are kept filled to their proper height with water, and that the fires are laid in a state of readiness tobe lighted wheneverit maybe considered desirable to use the steam power. It would be.neces sary of course to carry an experienced engineer. He should have two competent assistants, to take charge of the engines, and relieve each other, watch and watch, when they are at work. I would not pro posc'to carry any additional men as stokers. It is ob- vious that when steam is required the ship would, in most cases, be under reduced sail ; and that the ser- vices of fewer seamen would then be necessary. A part of the crew should be shipped under the express stipulation (to be noted in their agreementa)to work as stokers on payment of a fixed additional rate per day when so employed. As an auxiliary power only is contemplated, it is probable that fot a ship of say 1500 tons, two cylinders of 75norainalh¡6rse- powercachwouldbefound8umcient. I have not the necessary data respecting the consump- tion of coal in marine engines to enable me to make an accurate calculation on the subject, but assuming it to be about 7 lbs. an hour for each horse-power inimproved tubular boilers, the consumption for engines of ICO horse-power would be little more than 11 ton» a day, or for 21 days, about 231 tons. A considerable reduction might, it is believed, be mado on that quantity, if, as already suggested, patent fuel were us*, d, which, Besides being much stronger than common coal, can be stowed in much less bulk. It is a consideration also, in view., ing this question inall its phases, that coal of very good quality can at all times be procured, at Sydney, and gcnerauV at a moderate price. By previous arrange- ment, I have Httle doubt that fiielprepared on the prin- ciple of patent fuel might be procured there. The fine dust into which the best portion' oí the coal procured at Newcastle tnimWoaj, in spite of ' vcr'y' rirccau'tioï! ; and which for any other purpose is', almost valueless, might be' obtained at a 'comparatively low price. The Clan Works at Sydney jiroducc coal tar in ubimdnncc, so that the other chief iiigrecïïçiit iii its composition can also be procured in the color»)-/.. The Patent -Fuel Compmiy would probably find it fo^their advantage to establish a branch at Newcastle (New South Wales) for the niamifucture of this article for thb supply of the rolo nitit steamers. Ftwa-scvvice Ol'this kind the leathering screw is to ho greatly preferred to that which is entirely lifted oui of tike witter, or that which is allowed to revolve on' its' flfxifc- wlicn not in nae. When the screw is feathered itfills np the space in which it yvorks, and, the water being!conducted in a-direct line to the rudder, the ship can 2>e- 9tccrcd with the same regularity anil precision as .oatt owHnnry sailing ship. " When tlio screw is lifted entirely out of the water, the opening in which it works is leit vacant. The result is that in a sea-way the water washes through it on cither side, instead of acting on the rucfcler, and the steerage of the ship is consequently rendered extremely irregular, obviously causing a considerable diminution in her speed. In the case of a screw which is allowed to re- volve on its axis, the force necessary to turu it mate- rially impedes her sailing. It may not be superfluous to recommend that the screw, when not in use, should be occasionally leathered to prevent the feathering apparatus from jamming from corrosion occasioned by its constant immersion in the salt water. At the con- clusion of the voyage it should be lifted or detached, and carefully overhauled. It will be well to bear in mind the following passage, which is quoted from the article on the Screw Propeller in Brando's Dic- tionary of Science, &c.-;" The screw, in fact, revolves at nearly the same velocity whether the wind is ad- verse or favourable, or whether the vessel is lying at anchor, and this is aseriousdefectiit the case of vessels intended to encounter adverse winds. In the case of vessels, however, which use the screw only as a re- source in palms, or as an' auxiliary to the sails, this disadvantage will not be experienced, since such vessels have no pretensions to the capability of proceeding in di- rect opposition to a strong head wind." It will be found impossible, therefore, by means of an auxiliary power to diminish, except to a moderate extent, the distance yrhich must under ordinary circumstances be traversed. Any such attempt would inevitably fail. The object indeed must be to work with nature, not to contend against it. The failure of some of the former experi- ments to establish steam communication with Aus- tralia is probably due to a disregard of this principle, no less than to the heavy expenses incurred in estab- lishing and maintaining coal depots at the several sta- tions on the route, as well as the divergence from the most eligible course rendered necessary in order to call at them. On the other hand, by using the auxiliary power sparingly and judiciously, its beneficial effect would be felt not only directly but indirectly ; by propelling the ship over the calm and variable regions, and placing her in the best position to take advantage of the favourable winds which are known to exist in, particular parts of the ocean. Much will of course depend on the selection of thoroughly competent commanders. Men only who possess a perfect knowledge of the winds and currents prevailing in the seas to be traversed, would be capa- ble of performing the duty satisfactory or successfully. The foregoing observations have reference more particularly to ships carrying a mixed freight of cargo, and passengers. If applicable to such a case, auxiliary steam power would be doubly so in one where the chief object was the conveyance of passengers. The risk of sick- ness, especially in crowded ships, is in proportion to the length of the voyage, or rather it increases in an almost geometrical ratio with its duration, and in like manner diminishes with its curtailment. If the time necessary for passing through the tropics, and es- pecially those parts of them where cairns, intense heat, and heavy rains are almost invariably experienced, lie materially reduced, the chances of generating fever, diarrhoea, and those contagious disorders incident to such a state of the temperature and atmosphere, would' also be diminished in a corresponding degree. It is 'obvious that the ventilation so necessary to the health of the passengers and crew can be much more readily effected in a ship that is proceeding at the rate of fire or six knots an hour than in one that is comparatively stationary, as is now fre- quently the case with ordinary sailing ships for many days together in passing the torrid zone. ' These are im- portant considerations, where the health, nay the lives of numerous individuals are concerned, and would certainly justify a higher rate of passage money being paid for a ship that would ensure these advantages, rhe saving of expense would of course be in propor- tion to the number of the passengers, and the time that can be saved in performing the passage. The average passage to Sydney is now from ninety to 100 days. It is seldom under ninety-five. If,"as is contended, it could be reduced to about 70 to 75, there can, I think, be no reasonable doubt that the amount saved would more than compensate for any additional ex- pense necessary in providing the requisite auxiliary power. In order to show conclusively the advantage of seeking the prevailing winds, and that steam power is generally unnecessary in proceeding to the eastward, from the longitude of Tristan d'Acuhha, 12* 30' west, to that of the eastern coast of Australia, 152* cast, of which the distance is about half of the whole voyage, I have procured a table, showing the runs made by the sailing ships Waterloo and Vimiera during a period of seven consecutive years, as ex- tracted from their Logs by their commander, Captain Henry Neatby, to whom I am _ indebted _ for much of the practical information contained in this paper. From this, it appears that in October, 1848, the Waterloo ran in 31 consecutive days, 6103 miles being an average of 197 miles each. day. In October ana November, 1849, she ran 6780 miles in 37 days, or on an average about 184. miles each day. In October and November, 1850, she ran 5420 miles in 34 days or on an average nearly 160 miles each day. This and the voyage of the Vimiera, in 1854, noticed further on, must be considered as exceptional cases. During seven of these days, the runs were extremely short, the average being only 77 miles each day. In November, 1851, the Vimiera ran 6003 miles m 30 days, or on ah average 200 miles each day. In October and November, 1852, she ran 6351 miles in 33 days, or an average of 187 miles each day. In Octo- ber, 1853, she ran 6685 miles in 36 days, or on an average nearly 186 miles each day. In September and October, 1854, she ran 8270 miles in 46 days, or an average of nearly 180 miles each day. During these 46 days there was a number of unusually short runs, which has considerably reduced the average. It will be found that during four of the days the runs were 67, 50, 65, and 80 miles respectively, giving an average of only 65J miles each. A recourse to auxiliary steam power, would be necessary in such cases to maintain the general average speed, and to ensure the performance pf the passage within the time proposed. The general average of the Waterloo for this part of 'the voyage in the three years shewn in the table was 180 miles each day ; and of the Vimiera in the four yean, similarly abstracted, 188 miles each day. It is true, that the table shews only the runs made in the months of September, October, and November ; but there is good ground for believing that both as regards strength and direction, a similar state of the wind, and consequently a similar result, may almost certainly be calculated upon in every season of the year. The voyage from Plymouth to Sydney is now frequently performed in 90 days. The average num- ber of miles sailed over in four voyages was, I find, about 14,500 miles. This gives an average rate of 161 miles each day, or 6*71 miles an hour the whole way. To perform the distance in 75 days, the average rate must be increased to 193 and one third miles a day, or 8 miles an hour. But if, as I contend, the distance may, by the use of auxiliary power, bo reduced to about 13,600 miles, then the same average speed of 193 miles a day, or eight miles an hour would suffice for the performance of the passage in 70 days. If we suppose the auxiliary power to be capable of impelling the ship at the rate of six miles an hour, or 144 miles a day, this for 21 days would give 3024 miles; and if equally distributed over the 70 days, an increase of 43'2 miles a day, or about 1-8 mile an hour. This added to 6*71 the average rate of sailing ships would give 8.51 miles an hour, or about había mile more than sufficient to obtain the requisite increase of speed to perform the voyage within 70 days. I am well aware of course, that the power could "not be practically applied in this manner, nor if so applied conld it produce the effect desired ; but as the velocity for about half the voyage, with sails only, is nearly equal to the requisite average speed, by a judicious application of the aux- iliary power wherever it fell much below that rate, the general average might not only be maintained, but frequently exceeded. With the aid of steam-power, also, a ship is enabled to lie closer to the wind, and a saving of distance is thereby effected. In very-light winds and ealms it is difficult to calcu- late the advantage of auxiliary power. Without such sid the ship may often-be detained in almost a helpless condition for many days together; wherea», if she could be impelled, only for a day or two across the region where they existe, she might be placed in a favourable gcsUioxr for proceeding rapidly on her , ?eyage. > I It um, not be superfluous heic to lecill attention to I the fact that the average speed of tilt "\\\ atcrloo and Vimieia diumg seven >cu-> foi lbout half the yo>agc neailv equalled the avcin^o lite neccssai^ to pcilonn it in 7ÏI c11) s It imottnttil to \&r;) miles ¡t day 01 7 71 miles m hour, le iv m^ ay triable fin the othei h ill ol the ioja¿c lieiilv the whole of the tuviliniv povvu f ic^ict that I hive not the dat i îieccs-mv ten nuking nrv sunilm c ile ulatioii vwth ic spect to the hoincwird yov t^e , but 1 hive io ison to behev c th it they «oiild show m ill lespects m equally leo «ii ible îcsiilt It is piopci to ob-.wv e th it til the foicgoing ctlcul i tionft li n o been in ide m n mtical milc-i It is satisfnctoi y to be able to state tint Sydney now possesses n di} dock capable ol leeming ships ot 2000 tons burthe i, TV heit ill i ccc->siiy rcpius to the screw oi othciwise t m be it idiiy cfteeted j As imcieantilc speculation it qipcirs to mc, tint the pinn su0^cste«l pi omises, imdci iiidieious ninnie ment y ci y Mitibf tetoi\ rcstlts Hie piospeet ot i eel tun mil npid pass ige would oftci t strong induce ment to a Inri,c mnioiitv ol ( ibm passengers having oecosion to make the iov ige to-and liom Australia to pioeecd by ships of this description, and to pij con sulciablj higher ntes of pass ige moncj thin ire now obtained 1 ii ou]c1 lcconunciid howcvei, that the bonni and accommodation should be i emulated upon the s>amc piinciplc in all lespects as in the best class ot the piesent sailing ships Stiong objections aie entei tainui to the sv stein adopted on bou c1 some ot the steamers which have hitherto been employed in the Anstialian tinde 101 y aluable goods, espcci illy in cnsc3 in which then eirly ainval would be likclj to scenic a high rate of piont, or in winch, it was desired to obtain an tailj return of the proceeds, gicatly cn bancell rates oi height would readilj be paid The e\traordumi v fluctuations to which the pi ices of various deseiiptions ot goods have become liable in the Australian market since the dis coveiv of gold, will, I have little doubt, frequently create a strong tompetitron foi freight, which will enable the owncis to demand and obtain highly rcmunciativc lutes In confirmation of the favourable piospeet of a speculation of this nature we mnylook with confidence to the piecedent affoi led m the somcvvlnt parallel case of steam communication between tuiopc and America The cabin passengei trade is almost entirely monopolised bj the steam lines, and fioights tor goods, which m oidinarj sailing ships are only about 30s , rise sometimes I am informed as high m the steamers as Í8 a ton Hie present advei tised rate is ÍG per ton There is perhaps no stronger characteristic of the present age than the univeisal desire which is enter- tained for rapid locomotion. Australia forms no ex- ception to this rule. In her communication with the mother country espcciolly, there is the strongest yvish to see it accelerated. In this respect she offers a noble field for the enterprise of the British shipowner. A spirited, and at the same time prudent application of the principles advocated in this paper would, I am confident, insure to him a very handsome reward. No. 2. rnopos.vi, ion COMBINING A. STSTEVI OP POSTAI COM MUMCATIOX WITH IVIMIQKATIOX. If a higher speed were considered necessary or de- sirable in some cases, such, for instance, as the esta- blishment of a regular periodical postal communica- tion with England, it appears to me, that the foregoing plan might, with certain modifications, be rendered available for the purpose. The auxiliary power in this case would probably have to be increased, and fuel for a greater number of days laid in. I would not propose, howey er, to touch anywhere on the passage, nor to depart in other respects from the main features of the plan already described. The object should still be to seek as rapidly as possible the prevailing winds. If fuel for 30 days were- carried, 'this would, I am persuaded, enable a ship to perform the passage from Plymouth to Sydney in about sixty days ; and the homeward voyage might also, I think, be performed in the same period. There would be the means of steaming for one half of the passage ; and if, as is proposed, the auxiliary power be for this purpose moderately in- creased, a rapid progress might be kept up during the wholo of its duration. Steam might still be dispensed with in the strength of the N. E. and S. E. trades, and in running to the eastward after reaching the 40th parallel of south latitude. If we suppose that ships of about 1500 tons were employed for this purpose, and that they were fitted with auxiliary engines of 200 nominal horse power, the consumption of fuel at the rate of 7 lbs. an hour for each horse power, would be 15 tons a day when at work. - This, for 30 days, would give a total consumption of 450 tons, leaving considerable space for freight and the accommodation of passengers. If larger ships were employed a less power relaihely would maintain the requisite speed, and consequently a relative increase of accommodation would be avail- able. If a supply of coals for thirty days' consumption were found inadequate in ships of 1500 tons to perform the voyage with due regularity in sixty days, a supply for the* whole period might he taken on board. But it might bo found preferable in such case to increase the power of the engines rather than the number of days' coal, so as to increase the speed in those portions of the voyage where the prevailing winds are not usually fair or sufficiently strong to maintain it at the required rate. This might be done even with a smaller supply of fuel than would be necessary for engines of the lesser power for the whole voyage. As already pointed out, for a considerable part of the passage the use of steam might be entirely dispensed with, in crossing the trades and in running down the easting in the southern lati- tudes, both on the outward and homeward voyages. Even if engines of greater power were put on board it does not follow that this would involve at all times an increased consumption of fuel. By using the steam expansively it might be economised whenever a less power would suffice. Sixty days for postal communication with England will no doubt be considera as offering no great advan- tage in point of speed over the present rate by monthly clipper ships via Melbourne; but if auxiliary screw ships were appointed to sail regularly on the 1st and 15th of each month direct to the colony, they would, besides saving from twelve to fifteen days on the pass- age, perform it with much greater certainty. This, indeed, in postal communication, is second only in im- portance to celerity. It will be found also that, even as compared with monthly -packets via India or Panama, performing the distance in fifty days, every alternate mail with fifteen days' later intelligence would arrive in the colony five days earlier. If weekly packets could be established, besides this advantage, every second mail with a week's later intelligence would be received fourteen days earlier in the colony. As an encouragement to the establishment and maintenance of a postal line of this kind, in addition to any sum paid by the post office authorities for the conveyance of the mail, an allowance might be made out of colonial funds, of the current, rate per statute adult for every emigrant eligible under the regulations for the time being, conveyed to, and landed in the colony. I propose the current rate a? .probably suffi- cient, seeing that the maintenance of the emigrant would only be for a period of about 60 days, instead of 90 to 100, as in the case of ordinary emigrant ships. If there was a standing contract of this kind, the ship would be'always certain to obtain a full complement of freight on the passage out. On the passage home there would be the conveyance of gold, to which these ships would probabjy command a preference, besides the ordinary freight and passage money. It will not escape observation also, that a ship conveying emi- grants is always in better sailing trim than one laden with a cargo of the ordinary description. This would obviously, therefore, greatly facilitate the performance of the voyage with the requisite -celerity. It is probable, I think, that a bonus of £1000 for every mail delivered in 60 days would be found a suffi- cient encouragement to induce parties to enter into a contract for the service; provided they were assured of its continuance for an adequate period to afford a reasonable prospect of remuneration for this outlay. To ensure regularity, besides entering into the regular bond for the due performance of the service, they should be subject to a deduction of a certain sum for each day's detention beyond the stipulated period ; and the bonus should be altogether forfeited if the delivery of the mail were delayed beyond a fixed period not exceeding one week. In addition to the bonus, there woiild be the standing contract for the conveyance of emigrants. The latest contract price for emigration ships to New South Wales was about £14 each statute adult. Supposing 400 emigrants, consisting of the usual proportion of men, women, and children to be conveyed, the freight on this account alone would amount to £4200. So high a rate as £14 is not, however, likely to he maintained. It lias arisen principally from the enhanced price of freight and proi visions consequent on the war. On a return to peace, it will probably fall again to £11 or £12. This will still leave from £3300 to £3600 as the amount to be paid on this account for each ship on her outward passage. The outlay for the auxiliary steam-packets twice a | month, out and home,' would thus involve an cxpendi I ture from public funds of £48,000 a-year ; of which, it I is presumed, one-half, at least, would be contributed ' by the Home Government. But it is probable that j the amount would be very considerably reduced by the I postage, not only on lette» to and from the colony, * but to and' from the adjoining colonies of Victoria, ¡ti i.' South Australia,- Vint tJfcflneii's land, and New Zea-' lund ; und, us the population*: pf the whole Australian group increases with wondt>rffclrupidity, especially by the accession of emigrants whose* chief correspondence" is with the United Kingdom, there »« reason tu believe that the increase ol' postage would,- in a fuw years, go far to meet the expenditure. If the authorities in Victoria hhroukl con>»dor it for the advantage of that colony to adopt ti similar plan, then weekly packets might be established alternately to Sydney and Melbourne. In" that case the total annual expenditure would be £9(1,000. This; if equally' . divided between the two colonies and îhe mother" country, would leave the sum of £21,000 to-be' contri- buted by each of the two former, less, as has- already' \ been explained, their proper proportion of the1 amount' of postage received. It will be perceived that the plan here recommended1 proposes, that postal communication and immigration should be made to aid mid supplement each other. Supposing the proportion of the cost of the former which would fall on the colony, without deducting ifci proper share of the postage, to be about £24,000,' and? each ship to bring out -100 emigrants, consisting of the visual proportion of men, women, and children, whose- -, passage at the rate of £12 per statute adult yvould. araount to £3600 or £86,4*00 for twcnty-foiiv ships, the ? total annual cost for both these services would be .very little more than £100,000. For this sum, therefore, the.' colony would obtain ii direct postal communication with England twice a month, out and home,, in sixty . days, as well as nearly 10,000 emigrants-advantages . which it is confidently believed will not be considered. as too dearly purchased at such a cost. '. ¡ Since the foregoing vvns written I have obtained tho result of the recent passage of tlio ship La Hogucr., from Plymouth to Sydney, winch confirms ina re- t markable manner the view taken of the subject in the preceding pages. In order that a just inference, may; be drawn from the facts stated, it must be borne in ' mind tliat La Ilogue, although a fast sailer, and otherwise an exceedmgly fine ship, is not of the class usually designated "clipper ships." She, moreover, labouied under some disadvantage in her passage out from being rather too deeply laden with cargo,- a por- tion of which consisted of iron pipeth Slio ' expe- rienced at the conv-neneement of the- voyage in the calms near the line, in the light and variable ' regions after reaching the 24th degree of south latitude, ' and on the coast after rounding Van Dicmen's-Land,. ' the like detention, which has been pointed* out at* usually occurring in those portions of the voyage. By < the aid of auxiliary power it is confidently believed' that at least a fortnight would have been saved in pass- ing through them. If so, the passage which occupied! 89 days would have been reduced to 75. ' On the other hand, in running down the easting from the longitude of Tristan d'Acunha to that of the eastern coast of Van Diemen's Land, La, Hogue greatly surpassed the speed attained by the Waterloo and Vimeira in their voyages during the seven years for which an abstract has already been given-in 30 con- - secutive days she ran tiGSC miles, being an average of" 221 miles each. Her shortest run during that time was 140 miles, her longest 280, and during five conse- cutive days (in which her longest run is not included) - she ran 1247 miles, being an average of" 249i miles each. It will thus appear that, had she been furnished with the means of maintaining an equal rate of speed in the other half of the voyage, as during the 30 days referred to, she would have per- formed the passage from Plymouth to Sydney in about' 65 days, even supposing that she had been unable to reduce the distance below the average of 14,500 miles, .usually sailed over by ships unprovided with any me- chanical power. But if by that means it could have been reduced to 13,300 miles, then the passage would have been made in 60 days. Bye-Laws for Philosophical Society of New South. Wales, passed at Meeting of Council of Manage- " ment on 2nd June, to be submitted at next Or- dinary Sleeting of the Society for approval, ORDINARY MFFTINO. An ordinary meeting of the Philosophical Society, , to be convened by public advertisement, will take place at 8 p.m. on the second Friday in every month during the last eight months of the j ear. These meetings will be open to the reception of contributions and the discussion of subjects of every kind, if brought forward in conformity with the fundamental rules, and - bye-laws of the society. colleen MPETINGS. 2\. The meetings of the council of management to' take place on the Fridays previous to those on which. ' ' the ordinary meetings of the society are appointed to ' ' be held. , , . CONTRIBUTIONS TO SOCIETY, MANNER OP RECEIVING* ' ' * AND DISPOSING) OF. 3\. Contributions to the society, of whatever cha- - racter, should be sent to one of the secretaries, to be laid before the council of management. It will be the duty -, of the council to arrange for promulgation and discus- ' sion, at an ordinary meeting, auch communications as are suitable for that purpose, as well as to dispose of the whole in the manner best adapted to promote the'' objects of the Bociety. ' < ' MODE OF BALLOTING. 4\. The following method sholl be observed in ballot- ing for members :- , The list of candidates for election to be read out by one of the secretaries at the commencement of the or- dinary meeting during which the ballot is to toke place. Members desirous of voting will record on a slip of paper the names of those whom they wish to exclude, or if there be none such, will state accordingly. The paper to be then folded, with the exception of a Small fly, on which thejname of the voter should be written, ' and the document handed to the secretaries. It will be the duty of those appointed as secretaries to ' separate the fly from the folded portion, to pass the .* former for immediate record, and to put the latter in a box for examination at the close of the evening, when " the result con be ascertained and declared. <? INFORMATION OF ELECTION TOBE SENT TO NEW MEMBER. *. 5\. Every member shall receive due notification of ' his election, together with a copy of the fundamental ' rules and bye-laws or the society. INTRODUCTION- OF NEW MEMBERS TO SOCIETY. 6\. Every candidate duly elected as member should,** ' on his first attendance at an -ordinary meeting of the* - society, be introduced to the chair by his proposer and - seconder, or by some person acting on their behalf. . < i ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTIONS, WHEN DUE. ' '.> 7\. Annual subscriptions shall become due on the ,' first of May for the year then commencing, the en- trance fee and first year's subscription on the day of notification of election of the new member. MEMBERS WHOSE SUBSCRIPTIONS ASE NOT PAID TO ENJOY NO PRIVILEGES. 8\. Members will not be entitled to attend the meet- , ings, or to enjoy any of the privileges of the society, until their entrance fee and subscription for the year . have been paid. ' , ' MODE OF COLLECTING ARREARS DUE, &C.; < i 9\. Members who have not paid their subscriptions for the current year shall be informed of the fact by the treasurer. If 30 days after such intimation any one is ' still indebted, their names shall be formally laid before the society at the first ordinary meeting. At the next ' ordinary meeting those whose subscriptions are ßtill due will be considered to have resigned. VISITORS-RULES FOR ADMISSION. 10.-Every ordinary number shall have the pri» vilege of admitting one friend as a visitor to aa ordinary meeting of the society on the following con- ditions :-1. That the name and residence of the visitor, togcthar with the name of the member introducing ' him, be entered in a book at the time. 2. That the visitor does not permanently reside within ten miles, of Sydney, and 3. That he shall not already have attended two meetings of the society in the year thoa current. I MANAGEMENT OF FUNDS, | 11. The funds of the society shall be lodged ata bank named by the council of management. Claims against the society, when approved by the council, to be paid by the treasurer. '' AUDITING ACCOUNTS. 12\. Two auditors to be appointed annually by the council to audit the trcasurcra's accounts. The ac- counts as audited to be laid before the annual meeting in May. ' - i After a few observations from several members oJ the Society, in reference to the subject, Dr. Douglas» proposed a y ote of thanks to the Chairman for his valuable paper, which was carried by acclamation. One new member was proposed and seconded, and the assembly separated, having fixed the next meeting for the second Friday in next month. APPOINTMENTS. - His Excellency the Governor General has, with the advice of the Executive Council, appointed Augustus George Donstan Huthwaite, Esq., Commissioner of Crown Lands for the pastoral district of Gwydir, to act as Polioe Magistrate within that district, and to be a Magistrate of the territory and its dependencies.-Friday's Government Gazette. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-His Excellency the Gover , nor-General directs it to be notified that John Camp- bell, Esq., has resigned his scat in the Legislative Council of New South Wales.-Friday's Gvptmrnml Quitte. ' 