' Sales by Auction. A miner THIS DAY. New Colonial Furniture ! J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke-street, on Monday, 6th Inst., at eleven o'clock prompt, Previous to the State of pawnbroker's pledges, The Stock-in-trade of a furniture dealer retiring from business, comprising Mahogany loo tables Cedar tables Mahogany and American chairs and couches ? Do chests of drawers I "Washstands and tables 1 Metallic and wood bedsteads Mattresses and feather beds Meat-safes And a variety of other useful furniture. Terms Cash. No Besorvo._3468 THIS DAY. Double-barrel fowling-piece, By Manton, London. J LYONS and CO. will sell by auction, at the New Commercial Sales Rooms, Bourke-street, on Monday, 5th inst., at twelve o'clock sharp. A splendid double-barrel gun, by Manton, London, with Implements, machinery, and leather cases. No Reserve._3408 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, and Mining Districts 276 Trunks Ladies', Gentlemen's, and Children's Boots and Shoes. J "LYONS and CO. have been favored with Instructions from the Importers to submit to uncover cd compete Ion, at the New Com mercial Sales, Room, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock precisely, 270 Trunks first-class Seasonable Boots and Shoes, comprising 6 trunks girls colored morocco ankle strap shoes 16 to 18 6 do, 6 to 9 6 do, 4 to 6 do patent calf do, 4 to 6 5 do, do do, 6 to 9 6 do, do do, 16 to 18 ', C do girls' cordovan front lace boots, 4 and 5 40 do do do do do do, 6 to 9 6 do do memel log patent goloshed boots, top piece scored, 6 to 9 , do memel leg Balmoral to 6 , G do do do do, 6 to 9 6 do do do do, 16 to 18 Odo girls' black cloth boots, welts, top piece, scored, 4 and 5 do do do do do do do do do, 6 to 9 5 do do do do do do do do do, 16 to 18 4 do girls' drab cloth button boots, pumps 4 to 5 I do colored cashmere button boots, 16 to 18 6 do do do, 6 to 0 4 do do do, 2 to 6 do girls' morocco balmorals, 2 to 6 5 do kid leg enamelled goloshed button boots, Vic. I, 0 do do do, 16 to... . "",, , O do youths' bluchers, games. . * side to side do, 10 to is 4 do short wellingtons, 10 to in 4 do youths' do do, 4 to ii 0 do laceups, Steel points, 2 to 5 6 do boys' do do do, 16 to 18 ' 4 do ladies' black cashmere built- . r j«1?*?1' ss W .»» boots, pumps? . S do do do. so- here I do-" ."uJaoo(]o a series colored cashmere boots, side lace '3 do ladies' white satin boots 3 do do black do 1 do do bronze kid boots 4 do do kid boots 5 do do black satin shoes 5 do do white satin do 6 do do black cashmere spring side boots, military heels Odo ladies' superior bronze Balmorals, patent j " oysters J do do morocco do 5 do ladies' carpet slippers ( 2 do do Beal do 6 do men's kip bluchers 6 do do calf do t ii do do merool do a 6 do military wellingtons 4 do kip do 8 do'gents' roomed half-wellingtons , S do do calf do I 0 do do patent goloshed spring-tide boots kip tops 0 do cloth spring-side boots, patent goloshed I 4 do do memel leg do 5 do men's road Albert slippers 4 do do black do 7 do do carpet do 6 do gents' patent wellingtons, morocco legs 3 do do morocco legged balmorals 2 do men's watertight. Terms-Under £100, cash ; above that sum, 25 per cent, cash, and the remainder by approved bills at three months, or an allowance for cash. J. L. and Co. feel great pleasure in calling the attention of the trade to the above goods, which will be found on inspection to be the best selection offered (or sale in Melbourne this season. N.B. The whole will be on view at nine o'clock on the morning of the sale. 3403 THIS DAY. Tootal's Tartaric Acid. K WALTON and CO. will sell by public auction, at their rooms, 31 Queen-street, on Monday, 6th inst, at twelve o'clock, 4 cases tartaric acid 345 THIS DAY. " Tootal's 11 Crates Earthenware. E WALTON and CO. will sell by public auction, at their rooms, 81 Queen-street, on Monday, 6th inst, at twelve o clock, 31 crates earthenware, consisting of Dinner, breakfast, and toilet services. No Reserve. _TermB-CttBh._3405 THIS DAY. Tootal's. Raisins. R WALTON and CO. will sell by public auction, at their rooms, 81 Queen street, on Monday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 40 casks raisins 20 cases do. No Reserve. Terms Cash. 3105 THIS DAY Tooth's Ale, Butter, Jams, &c.; To Close Accounts. R WALTON and CO. will sell by public auction, at their rooms, 31 Queen street, on Monday, 6th inst, at twelve o'clock, 20 firkins Gould's butter i Hhds Younger's ale 18 cases assorted jams 1 do capers 20 boxes candles 83 do do I 62 do do i 10 tons from Liverpool salt. No Reserve. Terms-Cash._8405 THIS DAY. Tootal's. ' Tea, American Hams. E WALTON and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 81 Queen street, on Monday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 185 boxes tea 8 tierces American hams ' 5 casks hams in pickle. ,- No Reserve. Terms Cash. 3405 Salad Oil. R WALTON and CO. will sell by a public auction, at their rooms, 31 Queen, street, on Monday, 6th inst, at twelve o'clock, 10 cases salad oil. 305 "~ THIS DAY. : Tootal's l Ale Ale. B WALTON and CO. will sell by public auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Monday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, For the Benefit of Whom it. May Concern. 24 hhds ale. Terms Cash. ) No Reserve. 3131 I TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Ex Charles Crocker, DISEASES and COHEN will sell by J. auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, Gtb inst., at eleven o'clock, i N D in diamond, I » 1 case looking-glasses ' More or Less Damaged by Sea Water. ALSO, 2 cases chimney glasses 2 do iron bedsteads. Terms-Cash. 8 ~~ TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. -FRASER and COHEN will sell by JC auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 6 caroteels currants, now fruit j s hhds bacon 40 boxes Steel's Liverpool soap 60 cases champagne. Terms at Sale | ~~ TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. 7, American Clocks. j IDo Chairs. i Lobsters "" j HoUowwaro. FRASER and COHEN are instructed JC to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, 9th Inst, at eleven o'clock, - ~ M under M, I 0 cases Doria eight-day time-pieces 1 do do throo-day round do I . SO do one and eight day clocks . 7 7 do peg arm high chairs, 20 dozen t 5 do 18-inch cane stools, 20 do t j 12 do cane chairs, 20 do 12 do 1-11). lobsters fl Also, ? 10 hhds. hollow ware, comprising- j I Tinned Saucepans and covers j Oval pots tinned tea-kettles. f Terms at Sales " 5 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER I Dog-Carts. | I Spring-Carts. } Carriage Lamps. FRASER and COHEN will sell by JC auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, ethlast"ntjj -complete smart Pairnel cart- ?? A Newport Pagnel , 2 spring carts 6 Bales by Attack on. ?.- PRELIMINARY NOTICE. First-ClaSs City Property. By Order of the Trustees in the Estate of Mr. Frederick Cooper. Bourke-street. William street. Flinders-street. Prahran. FRASER and COHEN have re JL | ceived instructions from the trustees in the estate of Mr. Frederick Cooper to sell by auction, in a few days, due notice of which will be given, The following valuable first-class city property Two three-story houses and ground in Bourke-street One house, do do ~ Cooper's bonded stores, William-street Fourth share of water works in Flinders-street Cottage and ground in Argyle- street, Prahran, to be disposed of Tn the following lots, viz. : No. 1. All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, situated in the city of Melbourne, and being part of allotment No. 18 of section No. 6 of the sale city, commencing at the north-west corner or angle of the said allotment, and running easterly thirty eight feet eight inches, and bounded on or towards the north by Bourke-street, then running southerly in a line at right angles to the last Uno one hundred and twenty feet, and bounded on or towards the east by other part of the said allotment No. 10, then running westerly in a line at right angles to the last Uno nineteen foot four inches, and bounded on or towards the south by a road or way of fourteen foot wide, then running further southerly ina line at right angles to the lost line fourteen foot, and bounded on air towards the east, by the terminus of the said road or way of fourteen feet wide, then again running cottcriyln a line at right angles to the lost Uno thirty eight feet eight inches, and bounded on or towards the north by the Bald road or way of fourteen foot wide, thon running southerly In a line at right angles to the last last Uno sixty- five foot six inches, and bounded on or towards the east by a road or way of sixteen feet wide ; then running westerly in a line at right angles to the last line fifty-eight foot, and bounded or towards the south by another road or way of fourteen foot wide, and other part of the said allotment No. 10, and then running northerly one hundred and ninety-nine foot six inches, in a line at right; angles to the last Imo home to the commencing point, and bounded on or towards the west by part of allotment No. 17 of section No. 0 aforesaid. together with the buildings erected thereon, con prising two first-class three-story brick and stone houses, situate in Bourke-street, opposite the Scottish Hotel, and in the occupation of Messrs. Symons and Co., at £800 per annum. No. 2. All that piece or parcel of Land, situate, lying and being in the city or Melbourne, parish of Melbourne, county of Bourke, and colony of Victoria, being part of allotment 10 of section No. 0, commencing at a point on the northern boundary line of the said allotment, thirty-eight foot eight inches cast of the north-western angle thereof, bearing from said commencing point in a line further easterly nineteen feet four inches, and bounded on or towards the north by Bourke-street, thence in a line at right angles to the last line bearing southerly one hundred and twenty feet, and bounded on or towards the east by a road or way sixteen feet wide, thence in a line at right angles to the last line bearing westerly nineteen foot four inches, and bounded on or towards the south by a road or -fourteen outside, thence in a line at rightness -a line bearing northerly one hundred and to the he must commencement, aUd (twenty foot home is By other part of the bounded on or towards the Wi~. "-"nurses erected, tald allotment; together with the 19'- '"""items at thereon, and in the occupation of Mr. «1»' 1802, per annum. This property joins No. 4. No. 3. ..,... All that piece or parcel of land situate in the City of Melbourne, parish of North Melbourne, County of Bourke, and Colony of Victoria, being part of allotment number one of section number thirty-one of the said Olly, commencing at the south-east corner or angle of the said allotment, bounded on the east by William-street, in a line bearing north twenty-sb^fcot, on the north by other part of the said allotment in a line at right angles with the lost line bearing west one hundred feet, on the west by a road or way twelve feet wide by a line at right angles with the last line, bearing south twenty-six feet, and on the south by part of allotment number eight in a line at right; angles with the last line bearing east one hundred foot home to the commencing point. Together with all the buildings erected thereon, comprising all those first- class Btorcsknownus Cooper's Bonded Warehouse. No. 4. All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, situated in the county of Bourke and parish of Prahran, near Melbourne, being part of Allotment C of portion No. 00, commencing at a point on the southern boundary line of the Bald Allotment C, 320 feet east from the south-west corner or angle of said Allotment 0, bounded on the south by part of Allotment D, in a line bearing east 50 feet, on the east by other part of said Allotment 0, conveyed to one Maurice Atkin Harte, in a line at right angles with the last line, bearing north 200 foot on the north by a road or way 40 foot wide, called Argyle-street (twenty-five feet whereof is reserved out of said Allot- ment C. and 20 feet out of Allotment B) in a line at right angles with the last line, bearing west 60 feet, and on the west by other part of said Allotment 0, conveyed to ono-Wood, in a line at right angles with the last line bearing south 200 feet, home to the commencing point aforesaid. Together with all the buildings erected thereon, comprising a galvanised corrugated iron cottage. No. 9 All that the full and equal one fourth part or share of and in all that piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the City of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, being part of allotment No. 1, in block No. 6, bounded on the south, commencing at the south-west corner or angle of the said allotment hy Flinders-street being a line bearing east sixty six feet, on the east by other portion of the said allotment, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing north sixty feet on the north by other portion of the said allotment, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing west sixty- six feet and on (newest by Elizabeth street, being a line at right-angles to the last line, bearing south sixty feet to the commencing point; and of and in all buildings, steam-engine, tanks, pipe, plant, and machinery erected and put upon the said piece or parcel of land or some part thereof. T'hCBO premises are 11 old. for the residue of a term of 14 years to be computed from the 8th July, ]S4t>. Terms and further particulars on application to Messrs. FRASER and COHEN, auctioneers. 3ÍJ0D TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Mauritius Sugar. , WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 4 tons Mauritius counter sugars Terms at Sale. 302 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. ; Sugar. Salt. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 40 bags No. 1 Cossipore sugar, 1 cwt. each 30 do coarse salt 11 do do do. W ' All Slightly Damaged. Terms Cash. 3480 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. : For the Benefit of All Concerned. Sold by Order of the Underwriters. WM. TENNENT and CO. are in s structed by the Underwriters to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins- street, on Tuesday, 6th October, at twelve o'clock, The Schooner ROSEBUD, As she now lies stranded, near Mount Eliza, in the Port Phillip Bay, together with all the tackle, gear, etc, now on board. Further particulars can be learnt on application to the auctioneers. _Terms-Cash._8311 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Surplus Stores. W. M. TENNENT and CO. will sell s> by auction, at (their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 3 casks prime mess beef 2 do pork 8 do biscuits 5 bags do 1 cask flour. _ Terms-Cash, 3480 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Cedar Boards. The Entire Cargo of the Golden Spring. To Timber Dealers, Contractors, Builders, Cabinet- makers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. are . Instructed by the importers to sell by auction, at the Australian Wharf, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, 10,620 feet 3-inch cedar boards 10,600 do do do do i 27,000 do 1 do do do ', . 1,600 doll do do do 15,000 do 16 do do do ' 12,000 do 2 do do do 2 900 do 1 do do do. ' , Ex Golden Spring. Terms at Bale. 3427 "!~ THURSDAY, 8th OCTOBER. To Parties Furnishing and Others. Sale of Household Furniture, at St Kilda, the Pro . party of the late F. Hayley, Esq. -v By Order of the Administrator. TAIT M. TENNENT and CO. have '-iff. received Instructions to sell by auction, at the residence of the late Frederick Hayley, Esq., on (the Esplanade, St. Kilda, on Thursday, 8th inst., at eleven o'clock, The Whole of the Superior Household Furniture and effects, consisting of " Dining table ,' Dining-room Chairs Couches Drawing-room suite Bedsteads and mattresses ' Washstands and furniture Towel horses Chests drawers Dressing-tables Chairs, dining, drawing, and bedroom I Plated ware and crockery ' Kitchen utensils , ~ Carpets Fenders and fire-irons Drawing-room and chimney ornaments Paintings and engravings ' .. ' And, ? A very superior rosewood pianoforte, six and \- three-quarter octaves . Also, A superior Albert car Grey horse. Doctor's very valuable and quiet family horse in saddle. and harness - - Gig; harness ; Cart and cart harness I End n'umeSotjîér' articles which cannot be parties larised In this advertlKmont. "town "",, Note-The sole to commence at eleven, o'clock, and the howe, ear, homes, VC win as she is one 0à<*& ? hSSSiuta' to be obtained at the rooms of the . ^SEtwOfiys prior to the solo, and the furn! ' "SESSUE 5TvM?S4 on Wednesday and on Monday nature's ages of one. man COBB, ""^ Sales by Auction. TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Chin' ) Work-boxes, TIT M. TENNENT and CO. will sell T " by auction, at their rooms, Collins- street, on Tuesday, 6th Inst. at twelve o'clock, lee 3 Ob'no^ovioik-boxos, Terms at Sale. 8480 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W M. TENNENT and CO. will sell it by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst,, at twelve o'clock, £6 casks oatmeal 60 do split peas 20 do pearl barley 10 barrels of fine mess pork 20 casks hams 2 Terms at Sale. 1842 1 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Superior Dog-Carts. Newport Pagnel Carts. To Sporting Gentlemen, Coach Builders, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at t velvet o'clook, 4 very superior dog-carts 2 Newport Pagnel Carts, With patent springs, Collina's patent axles, lamps, c Now Landing. Terms at Sale. 8402 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Notice of Sale of all that Valuable Property, the Blenheim Park Estate, St. Kilda, Corner of Balaclava, Chapel, and Nightingale (Govern- ment) Streets, and Fronting Two Government Reserves. 178 Allotments. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by O auction, on the ground, on Tuesday, 6th October, at half-past twelve o'clock, The above magnificent estate, the most valuable un- sold large portion of land in the municipality of St. Kilda. This splendid property has been subdivided into 178 allotments, with frontages to the following streets: 27 allotments, each 30 feet by 100 to Balaclava (Government) street, 66 foot wide, and a right of-way. 12 allotments fronting Chapel (Government) street, CO feet, and the Government Reserve, and a right-of way. 20 allotments fronting Nightingale (Government] street, 00 foot wide, a Government Reserve, and a right of-way. 64 allotments fronting Marlborough-street, 40 feet wide, and a right-of-way. 64 allotments fronting Rosamond-street, 40 feet wide, and a right-of way. The Auctioneers deem it unnecessary to expatiate upon the value of the above- described property, as it must be patent to every one that a more valuable and choice spot could not be selected. The plans of the property can be obtained from the Auctioneers. The title is one remove from the Crown. . Terms Liberal at Sale. A tent will be erected, and a champagne luncheon will be provided on the ground, at twelve o'clock. 182 oct Q WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Dealers and Others. I Extensive Sale of Wines, wants, and Groceries. C SYMONS and PERRY will sell U O auction, the Sforcina Sales Room, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at the"' foot 1,000 cases Burnett's old tom W , SOO do Booth's old tom 500 do Pigeon's do do 300 do claret 500 boxes candles 50 cases bacon 100 firkins butter 500 cases bottled beer, various 100 do champagne and moselle 1 100 qr-casks superior old port j I 20 pipes do dod c 60 qr-casks sherry 800 hhds. Burton i for 20 do W. I. rum j 50 do old tom 300 cases geneva, anchor brand. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. 8445 ~ WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. A To Bakers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. 28 Tons Adelaide Flour, guaranteed. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by a auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, 28 tons Adelaide flour, guaranteed parcel. Terms at Sale. 8497 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. To Grocers, Stationers, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by; kJ auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, ¿ Wednesday, 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, 10 bales cardboard 40 do brown paper. In Lots to Suit Purchasers. Terms at Sale. 3407 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by O auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wee nciday, 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, 40 cases half-pint salad oil 800 do pint do 80 do sardines, half was 16 do do quarter do 10 balescingor-bcoi coils 40 do hope. Terms at Sale. 8407 TUESDAY, 13th OCTOBER. In portant Sale of Valuable Suburban Land know tv OR Murphy's Paddock, situate on the Road t Toorak. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions to sell by public auction, at the Com mercial Sales Room, on Tuesday, 13th inst., at twelve o'clock, The following choice allotments of land, viz. Lots 8 and 9, Each having a frontage to the Gardiner's Creek-road of 40 feet 6 inches, by a depth of 160 feet. Lot 0 is valuable corner lot. Lots 10,11,12,13, Each having a frontage of 40 foot 6 inches to the Gar diner's Creek-road by a depth of 150 feet. Lot No. 3 18 a corner lot. LodgE. A very valuable corner allotment, having a frontage of 40 feet 6 inches to the Gardiner s Creek road, by depth of 160 feet along a road 52 foot 8 inches wide leading to the river Yarra Yarra. Lots 85, 86, 87, 88, 80 and 61. Each having a frontage of 60 feet to a road 62 feet inches wide, loading into the Gardiner's Creek-road by a depth of 150 foot 6 inches. Lots 108,109, HO, 141, 142, 143, and 144, Each having a frontage of 60 foot to a road 62 foot inches wide, leading to the Gardiner's Creek-road am the Yarra Yarra, by a depth of 130 feet 6 inches. Lots 94 and 95, 117,118. Each having a frontage of 60 feet to a road 52 feet I inches wide, leading into the Gardiner's Creek-road by a depth of 180 feet 6 inches. These are four of the finest allotments in the whole paddock, being situated on the brow of the hill. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. The auctioneers wish to call the particular attention of persons seeking for a plot of ground out of the dust of Melbourne to inspect the above choice allotments previous to the day of sale and convince them Fri Of the fact that it is about the best spot out of Melbourne for the erection of villas, being within a short distance of the city, and having a good macadamised road the whole way, and surrounded b; F i m of the most respectable and influential members of the community. For particulars of title apply Thos. Miller, Esq. Solicitor, Swanston-street. 8418 THIS DAY. Freestone. Ex Urania. A YOUNG- and CO. (successors to J Stubbs and Son will sell by public auction on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, 6th inst., a eleven o'clock, 70 pieces freestone, 1,1131 cubic feet, equal to 0! tonS 7 cwt. 3402 THIS DAY. To Builders, Contractors, Timber Merchants, and Others. Timber, Palings, &c.; Ex Urania. Sale at the Australian Wharf. A YOUNG and CO. (successors to J Stubbs and Son ) will sell by public auction on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, 6th hut., a eleven o'clock, 00 pieces 6 x 8, 12 ft. 82 do, 6 do 415 do quartering, 12 do 12 do do, 12 do 2nd do do, 10s do 32 do do, 3 do I 6 do do 18 do 3 do 9 x 3, 14(d 864 picccB. Palings 28,540 five-foot ' 6,885 six-feet t 6,226 two-feet six inches 40,160 Terms at Sale. j 8492 "~ EARTHENWARE, CHINA, 90. i 40 Packages Now Landing Ex Beatrice. L A YOUNG- and CO. (successors to L Stubbs and Son,) will sell by public auction at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst., at eleven o'clock, a"."," Gover D P B and Co., I 88-87-6 hhds. containing bowls and saucers, as. sorted patterns I £8-1 hhd. bowls and saucers, plates, buttons one stands, cream-Jugs, &c.; gn.91_3 crates soup plates, willow ' 02, 03-2 do dishes, assorted sizes j 04-1 erato covered dishes i 96-1 do bakers I 80-98-3 do chamber sets.! 99-1 do jugs, covered mustards, whistling birds, 100-105-0 crates chambers, bowls and saucers 100 107-2 do ewers and basins, toy cans, etc 108 109-2 do pudding bowls, assorted 110-1 do sugars, covered jugs, creams, button and stands, 7 and 8 inch plates, bowls, egg 111-1 and. very superior china) breakfast Beta white and gold 112-114-8 crates jugs, mugs, and toy cans 115-1 do soup tureens 116-110-4 do flat and soup plates, dishes,fgravIos cover dishes, bakers, soup and sauce tureens 120 121-2 hhds 7-inch china plates, butter stands 'gearboxes, creams, milk Jugs, c. 122 123- 2 hndB.bowlB and saucers. t ! - Terms at Sale, 3402 Sales by Auction . TURKEY OPIUM. On Account of Whom it May Concern. A YOUNG- and CO. (successors to -JAS Stubbs and Son will sell by public auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on vVednosday,B.7th inst., at eleven o'clock, 1 case Turkey opium. 8192H BEST ADELAIDE FLOUR. Bran. A YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by public auction at their rooms, Queen-street, on Wednesday, 7th inst, at eleven o'clock, 6 tons best Adelaide flour 2,000 bushels bran. 8402 CLEARING SALE. Oilmen's Stores, Groceries, Ironmongery, So. Without Reserve. A YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by public auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, A clearing sale of the following goods : Old tom Glasgow raspberry balm Arrowroot lines Cheese » Price's candles "I Ceylon coffee Dates and figs Buckets Tacks, assorted, 0 to 10 oz. English shovels Steel, flat and octagon Powtcrwaro Glassware hoop-iron Superior guns and pistols S Garden chairs White lead Lanterns Ironmongery, &c.; Without Reserve. 8402 SALE OF WINES, SPIRITS, site. Tuesday, 6th October. Important Sale of First-class Brandy and Wines. To Wine Merchants, Hotelkeepers, Innkeepers, Dealers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. YOUNGE and CO. (successors to s Stubbs and Son,) will sell by public auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock precisely, The undermentioned consignment of superior wines and spirits, viz. : Lot 1-1 certificate hhd. brandy, 6 packages, Mar- tell brandy Do 2-1 do do do, do do Do 3-1 do do do, do do Do 4-1 do do do, do do Do 5 1 do do do, do do Do 64 do do do, do do Wine, in pipes and quarters, viz., Do 7-1 pipe superior port, Gosens's treble diamond Do 8-1 do do do, do do do Do 9-1 do do do, do do do Doll do do do, do do do Do 11-1 do do do, do do do Quarter-casks, Do 12-1 to 5 quarter-casks superior port. Do 13-1 to 6 do do do, do do, a Do 14-1 to 6 do do do, do do, ( "g ".p]aBBI. Do 16-1 to 5 do do do, do do, f 25 PacKages Dolbel to 8 do do do, do do, J Do 17-1 to 5 quarter-casks superior port, ... " ''dole, dodo, ) B0Î8-ItOD- ? 'i'' Doll to 5 do do every.-,. ..", r a package Do 20-2 do do do, do do, ) Terms liberal, viz. Under 50,, cash ; above that sum 26 per cent. cash deposit, and the residue at three mouths, without interest. Extract of advices received by the last mail respect- ing the vine disease : .' We continue to receive very distressing reports from Portugal and Spain, the vine disease during the past month having made fearful progress, and, as a natural consequence, values have advanced 20 per cent." 53m -"~ DATES. A. YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son,) will sell by public auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 8th inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 boxes dates. Terms Cash. 3402 10 BUILDERS, OAITALISTS, SPECULATORS, AND THE PUBLIC GENERALLY Parliamentary Corner. Liberal Credit Half Acre Collins and Spring streets Unquestionably the Most Eiuiablo Site in the whole City of Melbourne Most excellent, elevated, and desirable Freehold City Building Property, at the top of CORRIE street, admirably adapted for the erection of a new Parliamentary Club, and a row of the finest first class Jiesldonccs In Melbourne The situation embraces all the advantages of the country with the convenience of close proximity to the city, and stands in mediately opposite the square resorted for the Houses of Parliament and public offices, towards which the loading Improtomonta of the city are fast concentrating, and from which one of the finest landscapes an and Melbourne is soon, embracing the Bay, South Yarra, the Government Domain and Gardens, the River Yarra, FitzRoy square, with the Dandenong Ranges in the background YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and hon) are instructed by the proprietor to submit to public competition, the most valu- able freehold property, on the ground, on i\ Wednesday, 21st inst, at twelve o'clock precisely, The w hole of that eminently rain valuable corner property above referred to, being Allotment ho - of section 4 of the cult of Melbourne, subdivided for the com- essence of purchasers in the following order Lot 1-20 feet to Collins street by 80 foot in depth 2-20 do do 3-26 do do 4-20 do do 0-10 do do by 80 foot to Spring street 0-38 do to Spring street by - feet 7-20 do do by do All the allotments having a right of way to the roar of - feet In rct-ouiuiondlng this unrivalled property to the attention of the public, Alexander Young and Co need scarcely point out the felicitous advantages attendant upon the purchase of those eligible allotments, In comparably superior to any other for disposal within the limits of our rapidly and wonderfully increasing city Very lately a corner block in Collins street sold for £40,000 in one lot, and with the facilities for loco- motion throughout the city afforded now made H, and daily increasing, and the dispersion of business consequent thereon from the great centre of commerce, it is difficult to doOno any material depreciation in value between a lot immediately central and one only a few blocks removed, which in many respects possesses greater suit outrages Leaving the palpable merits of this most lay ored locality to speak for themselves, the auctioneers morely announce the above Boko to the public, and would further simply call attention to the following Mr liberal Terms of sale 20 per cent cash deposit, 20 per cent at six months', with discount added and the balance secured upon the property for two years from the day of FOO, at 8 per cent A correct plan of the property will be ready for the inspection of the public in a few days d402^J THIS DAY Hobbj horses, Toy Parts, Gigs, etc W EASEY and CO will sell by auction, at their old mart, 80 Collins street west, on Monday, 6th Inst, at eleven o'clock, I' in diamond, S over, L under, 1-1 case containing 6 large hobby horses, 20 doz toy pails, 16 do clothes lines 2-1 do do same 8-1 do do 12 medium hobby horses, 0 doz mats 4-1 do do rockers for do, 2 doz mats 0-1 do do 7 rocking horses, 80 do toy palls, 80 doz dollies Unca 6-1 do do 0 burall rocking horses, 24 doz pails, 11 doz cotton lines 7-1 do do 0 bobby horses, 32 doz toy pails, lOdoz. cotton and jute lines L- 2 do do S side curtain gigs, S do do No Reserve 830 THIS DAY From one of the First London Upholstery Houses "W EASEY and CO have received no instructions from the Importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street, on Monday, 6th Inst, at eleven o'clock, 10 cases, consisting of Elegant draw lug-room mirrors, canterbury, whatnots, in walnut and rosewood, French inlaid tables, rosewood cheffoniers, plate glass, marble top plate glass back and doors ; handsome blackwood bookcases, plate glass doors , cheval glasses, occasional tables, library table, c Terms at Sale. 5400 THIS DAY. 1 Grand Piano. To Parties Furnishing and Others "TO EASEY and CO. will sell by V V auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 Col Hay-street west (opposite their old mart), on Monday, 6th Inst, at eleven o'clock, 1 handsome grand piano Terms at Sale. No Reserve. 828 ""? THIS DAY * Brown's Patent Portable Furnlt pro To Furniture Dealers, Private Families, and Others. Two EASEY and CO. will sell by li a auction, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street, on Monday, 6th October, at eleven o'clock, The following assortment of this first-rate makers goods 2 mahogany wardrobes 6 do telescope dining tables I do loo table 1 handsome toilet table, with plate glass mirror 1 basin stand to match, marble top 8 doz best mahogany dining-room chairs 12 patent cosy chairs 8 handsome mahogany dining room sofas 2 magnificent sideboards, extra large size, carved fronts The auctioneers beg to call the attention of parties furnishing to the above sale of really handsome furniture Terms at Balo_8801 THIS DAY. 185 Cases American Chairs ! To Furniture Dealers and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 81 Cold UnB-BtreotTvcBt, opposite (their old mart, on Monday, 6th met,, at eleven o'clock, Ex Sea Nymph, n In diamond, DO cases, each 1 doz-, wood seat chairs 20 do. do, Baltimore cane-Boat do 16 do, do, Grecian chairs, maple SO do, do, Baltimore wood seat on Mrs. Terms at Sale The above goods are only recently landed, and are in fine order, 3806 Sales by motion. -THIS DAY. 10 Cases Handsome Brass Bedsteads. To Parties Furnishing and Furniture Dealers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by IT auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 Collins street west (opposite their old mart), on Monday, s Inst., at eleven o'clock, stages 10 cases handsome brass bedsteads. Terms at Sale. No Reserve.. 8428; THIS DAY. To Private Families, Furniture Warehousemen, Hotel Keepers, and Others. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of One Hundred Pack ages of Superior English-made Furniture, just Landed, in Excellent Order, ex Marco Polo and White Star. W. EASEY and CO. have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their old mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Monday, 6th October, at eleven o'clock, 100 hundred packages of superior English-made r nature, comprising Magnificent drawing-room suite, in walnut tree wood, and covered with rich green embossed velvet ;. large bold clioflloiioors, with plate glass backs and doors, and marble tops: lot and card tables to match. Also, 20 mahogany loo tables 20 do, with handsome star tops 16 large easy chairs, covered with morocco 12 handsome mahogany extending dining tables 120 mahogany chairs, in morocco and horsehair £6 dozen Cane-seated chairs 50 large-size box and tray glasses 4 splendid easy chairs, in crimson, embossed velvet 6 massive carved sideboards 60 double and single horsehair mattresses 12 mahogany couches, in horsehair couches and chairs to match in vvalnuttroa wood, and covered in green morocco leather Invoice Iron four-post and French bedsteads 20 mahogany bed slops 20 do towel horses 20 do washstands, with marble tops. To parties furnishing this sale presents a favorable opportunity of purchasing, the furniture being one of the largest invoices and of the boat make for some time oirorcdnt auction. The furniture will be on view the day previous to sale. Terms at Sale. 8279 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Valuable Household Furniture. No. 1 Park Hill-terrace, at the back of Wellington terrace, Richmond, and near the residence of W. Highett, Esq. To Private Families, Gentlemen, and Others Desirous of Obtaining Really Good Furniture. EASEY and CO. have received t Instructions from the proprietors to sell by auction, at their residence, No. 1 Park Hill-terrace, llcddlc-ttieot cast, at the back of Wellington-terrace, Richmond, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, Tho whole of the valuable household furniture, con- listing of ,, . " Drawing-room. Velvet pile carpet and rug Rosewood green and gold damask choirs Sofa and couch and arm-chairs, on suite Very strong marble-top tables Do card-tables , Whatnots, &c.; Engravings, &c.; Dining-room, fitted Walnut dining tanto Carpet, rug, fender, CC: Easy and dining chairs Breakfast and dinner services plated forks, spoons, &c.; Choice Engravings brilliant-toned Directive piano, In rosewood. by the eminent makers, D'Almaine and Co., London. Bedrooms. Elegant bedsteads Do bureau Wash-stands, toilet services on state Hair mattresses, blankets, pillow s, is. Kitchen utensils and general appendages of a gentleman's establishment. 6 The auctioneers beg to call the attention of families furnishing to the above sale, the furniture being nearly all now, and of the best quality and description. 3428 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. 800 Firkins D.R. Cork Butter. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 11th Inst., at twelve o'clock, 300 firkins D.R. Cork butter. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 8485 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. 1 Bale Grey Sheetings. For Account of All Concerned. To Drapers, Dealers, and Others. W EASEY i and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms. 33 Gol lins-street west, opposite their old mart, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, Ex Wizard King, 1 bale 8-4 grey sheetings, more or less damaged, To be Sold for the Benefit of Whom it may Concern. Terms Cash. No Reserve. 3485 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. To Grocers. Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 9th Inst, at twelve o'clock, 60 cases thumb blue 17 do starch 2 do cheese 4 do biscuits 100 do mustard 3 do confectionary 11 do bacon 9 bags. Terms at Sale. 3485 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. To Ironmongers and Others. 80 Dozen Superior English Spades, Long Stall's 10 Do Shovels. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst,, at twelve o'clock, 80 dozen superior English spades, long stairs 10 do do shovels. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 8483 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. 74 Bags Oats, Damaged. To Corn Factors, Dealers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 74 bags Scotch oats. More or loss damaged. To be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No Reserve. 3185 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. On the Wharf, near the Falls. 25,000 Feet Kaurie BcaiUB and Spars. To Timber Merchants, Ship Builders, Contractors, and Others. TAT EASEY and CO. will sell by Y Y auction, on the Wharf, near the Falls, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, 26,000 foot Kaurie beams and spam. Terms at Sale. No KOBervo. 8464 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Valuable Farm at East Brighton, (near the Orange, East Brighton and Little Brighton Hotel, containing 44 Acres of Land, 30 Acres of which are cleared, and 20 Acres under cultivation the whole substantially fenced in. To Newly-arrived Immigrants, Farraors, Small Copi, talists, and Others Booking an Advantageous Investment a Comfortable and Certain Indopendcnco, TAA EASEY and CO. have received TV e instructions from the proprietor to sell b; auction, at their mart, 33 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, 7th October, at twelve o'clock. All that capital farm containing 41 acres of land. 30 acres of which are cleared, and 20 acres under cultivation. Upon this land is erected a four- roomed dwell ling-house, kitchen nut Jdo, four-stall stable, hay loft, and two rooms, large barn 62 x 22, stock and stock yards, piggeries, ke. There is a capital garden of about one acre of ground (closed fences) attached to the house, most part of which is trenched and stocked with fine vines and fruit trees. The farm is substantially enclosed by a post-and-rail fence, and subdivided into five paddocks (including house and garden), say four cultivation paddocks and one grazing paddock. The Farm is well drained and has boou'lilghly cultivated, and a source of great profit to the present owner, who is only leaving on account of being obliged to reside in the bush. The site of this farm is admirably situated, being at the corner of two Government roads, one of which is two chains wide, and must become one of the first roads in this part of the country. Distance from Melbourne about eight miles, and the farm is close to the Grange and near the East Brighton and Little Brighton Hotels. Upwards of £1,000 his boon expended on improvements by the present owner. The land is remarkably good. To newly-arrived immigrants and small capitalists, the auctioneers would direct tliolrattei.uon to the sale of this farm, OR to any hard-working industrious man a certain independence would be realised In a few years. The owner being obliged to leave, the farm will be positively sold. The crops can be taken at a valuation, or sold with the land and If preferred, the farm will be subdivided into 6 or 10 aero Iota. Terms-Half-Cosli ; residue at 80 0, 12, and 18 months, bearing interest at 10 per cent. Purchasers are solicited to go and view the farm, and every information given on application to the auctioneers. 8253 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. - St. Kilda. St. Kilda. Valuable Building Sites in Easey's Paddock, on the Beach. _ By Order of the Executors. To Parties in quest of Fine Building Sites in this beautiful and favorite locality, close to the Beach, within a few minutes' walk or the Railway Station. TAA EASEY and CO. are instructed Vi to sell by auction, at their mart, Collins street, on Wednesday, 7th Inst, at elevon o'clock, Lot No. 1. All that piece of land having a frontage of 40 foot to Victoria-road by a depth of 60 feet. Lot No. 2. All that piece of land adjoining Lot 1, with a like frontage and depth. These allotments are situated between Ackland street and the Beach, and are in the same road, and close to the late residence of his Honor the Chief Justice. They are finely situate, and command an extensive view of the Bay and surrounding country. Full information given on application at the mart. Terms at Haio. 839S h Sales by Auction. -.- TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER " To livery-stable keepers, Corn Factors, Dealers. and V Others, EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms. 83 Collins street west, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock! Ex Monarch, 2,000 bushels Danish oats. The above oats are guaranteed in good order and condition, and will be sold ~ Without Reserve. For Account of Whom It May Concern. Terms at Sale. 8485 '" TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. " 200 Ones Bottled Ale. To Hotel Keepers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, and 2 Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by T Y auction, at their temporary rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Tuesday, 6th inst, at twelve o'clock. Ex Cairnsmore, 200 cases bottled ale. All in Good Order and Condition, Terms at Sale, 3485 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. """" 4 Tons Cumberland Bacon. 8 Do. Do. Hams. 2 Do. Primo Choose. ,_ 100 Cases Oilmen's Stores. W EASEY and CO. will sell by F T auction, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst., at twelve o'clock, Ex Cairnsmore, 4 tons Cumberland bacon 2 do do hams 2 do cheese 180 COBOS pint pickles. The auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of the trade to the above solo, The goods are only just landed, and guaranteed in fine order. Terms Liberal. 848 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Extensive Solo of Damaged Goods, For Account of All Concerned. Sinclair's Hams and Bacon, Candles, Rice, Butter, c. _ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by The auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'olock, Ex Cairnsmoor, 40 cases Sinclair's hams and bacon 100 firkins Cork butter 30 cases cheese "2 20 tons Carolina rice, More or Less Damaged, and to be Sold for the same lot of Whom It May Concern. No Reserve. Terms Cash. 840 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. 100 BngslDaraaged Maize, For the Benefit of All Concerned. _ To Coinfoolors and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by Y Y auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street, on Tuesday', Olli inst., at eleven o'olock, 100 bags whole maize, more or less damaged, and to be sold For Account of All Concerned. No Reserve, 31st TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. "4 w Oats Stout, Dumpliy's, &&, For Account of All Concerned. To Hotelkeepers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, and J ._ Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by TIM auction, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex White Star, 150 cases Dumpliy's Dublin stout 100 do Guinness's, bottled by Burke, More or less damaged by sea water, and to be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No Reserve. Terms-Cash. 844 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. 1,000 Boxes Belmont Candles. 10 Tons London Soap. _ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by Ti auction, at the grooms, 88Colllns-strcot, on Tuesday, Otli inst., at twelve o'clock, 1,000 boxes Belmont candles 10 tons London soap. Terms Liberal. No Reserve.. 3464 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. gig The Cargo of Mauritius Sugars, ex Fair Barbadian. To Merchants, Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 9th Inst., at twelve o'clock, The cargo of the Fair Barbadian, consisting of 700 bags Mauritius sugars, comprising crystal, cream! second counters, &c.; The auctioneers would beg to call the attention of the trade to this sale. The sugars are of a first-class quality, and of the new crop, and well suited for the present renaissance of the toilet. The auctioneers would further state that great difficulty was experienced in obtaining this portion of of cargo in consequence of the great number of vessels loading for England, and a further rise in sugar was certain to occur. Terms at Sale. Samples from bulk will be at the mart on Monday, when parties are solicited to inspect theatres. 3104 THIS DAY. To Contractors, Storekeepers, and Dealers. 1,200 Bags Scotch-pots, Now in Co name of Being' Landed. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on, Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, a? 1,200 bags, each 30 bUshels, of Scotch oats, In Course of Boxing Landed. The attention of the trade is particularly directed to the above sale of oats. A large portion of the bulk is now on view at the rooms of the auctioneers 3455 THIS DAY. Canvas Tents. Damaged Fancy Bonnets. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 40 canvas tents, large sizes 1 case fancy bonnets, damaged. To be Sold to Close Sales. 3155 THIS DAY. 600 Cases, Each 2 Dozen, 2-lb. Lobstors. 400 cases, Each 1 Dozen, 2-lb. Oysters. A G- M'COMBE will sell by and J tion, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 000 cases, each 2 dozen, 2-lb. lobstcrB 400 do, each 4 dozen, 2-lb. oysters. Full Particulars and Terms at Sale. 3455 was DAY. To Confectioners, Grocers, and Others. Extensive Sale of Confectionery'. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, a In his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, O in diamond, 2 36-1 case IO tins assorted confectionery, Com prising Scotch mixtures, sugared almonds, jujubes, peppermint lozenges, mixed do, and conversation do § 80 to 42-7 COBOS, similar to 6 86 6 43-1 case 10 tins, each 13 lbs., Scotch mixtures 2 44 to 63-20 cases, same contents as § 43 a 64-1 case 16 tins assorted confectionery, very similar to case § 35 S 65 to 71-7 cases, same as a Br s 72 to 81-10 do, each 10 tins, assorted confer tionory. The attention of confectioners, grocers, and others is particularly directed to the above sale of valuable confectionery, all now in course of of being landed. Further Particulars and Terms of Sale. 8455 THIS DAY. US 200 Boxes Soap, in Small Bars. 150 BoxoaDoublo Crown Soap. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 200 boxes soap, in small bars 100 do double crown Soap. Further Particulars at Sale. 8155 THIS DAY. 05 Bags Warrnambool Flour. 10 Casks Hams. 10 Cases Pipes. , A G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, XX in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 60 bags Warrnambool flour 10 casks hams 15 cases pipes. To Close Accounts. No Reserve. 34" THIS DAY. 24 Small Boxes Tobacco, Half-pounds, Duty Paid. 10 Half-tierces Twist Tobacco, in bond. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 21 small boxes tobacco, half-pounds, duty paid 10 half-tierces twist do, in bond. Torment Sale. 8400 * " THIS DAY. Cheese, Mesa Boot, Bolt, do. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 6th Inst., at eleven o'clock, - 20 casks chccBO 6 casks mess beef 10 tons table salt And miscellaneous goods to close account sales. 840 """ WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. To Musicians, Musical Instrument Dealers, and Others. G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, JJ (n his rooms, Collins-street, next Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 7th hut., at eleven o'clock, 2 3 . Ex Bosphorus, M over N in diamond, An invoice of military musical instruments, from the celebrated maker, M. J. Nyllassy, Oxford-street Military Syphon contests, long bolt 'corners, silvered ; do for pianoforte accompaniment ; field bugles ; post, hunting, and small horns : Bent bugles, slide trombone, 12-round ophidoide ; a powerful bombardment, Unites, flies, Cremona violins, concertinas, and a number of other musical Instruments, must holders, music, Rio., The whole of which will be sold In lots to suit all classes of purchasers. No Reserve. 8109 A Rains by Color. THIS DAY. 42 Boxes Damaged Sperm Candles. To be Sold for the Benefit of Whom It May Concern AG. M'COMBE will sell by his . tion, In his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 6th inst, at eleven o'clock, w IIB conjoined in diamond, P under, 42 boxes Belmont sperm candles, oil more or less damaged. To be Sold for the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. Without Reserve. 45 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. ~" Large and important Solo of One Hundred and Six Packages now Goods, just landed from the White, Star, and other late arrivals. To be Sold without Reserve, By JAMES WADE. Drapery Auctioneer. Silks and Ribbons. Fancy Dresses and Cashmeres. Ladies' Underclothing. Muslin Goods. Prints, Calicoes, Slops, etc. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Country Storekeepers. Dealers and Buyers for the Gold-fields. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has' F been favored with instructions from the Importers to sell by auction, at his mart, 82 Collins, street east, on Tuesday. th inst, commencing at eleven o'clock. The following choice assortment of goods, imported expressly for the wants of the market Black ribbon velvets Colored ingram sky and earls do. Fancy white and watered lutestring ribbons Mandarin silks Rich satin robes Moire antique parasols Very rich Satin figured parasols Claremont parasols, ivory handles Rich poplin dresses Diamond chook silk Striped glace Flounced silk robes Loco collars and chemisettes Children's fancy alpaca dresses Black satin handkerchiefs Rich white cashmere shawls Fine cambric handkerchiefs Circassian cloths, for mantles Ladies' drab cloth summer mantles Damask Cloths BOXes French flowers and feathers Ladles'hoad dresses, &c.; Orton tal ribbons Black embossed ribbons French kid gloves Printed muslin robes Tarlatans and net Ladies' white and grey continue rival stays Ladies' French were do Childrens white corded bands Children's white and drab hats, trimmed Straw and rice bonnets Silk and satin bonnets, trimmed Ladies' moire antique mantles Union damasks Bleached union huckaback Bleached linens Victoria worsted covers Drab and colored table covers Colored Coburgs Black Coreena 79 Chintz furniture prints White ground madder prints HoyloaTB plates Printed drugging Ladies' white cotton hose Children's cotton socks Infants' hoods and cloaks Men's brown cotton half hose Do cotton pants and vests Do lambswool shirts Do white dress shirts Do regatta shirts Do superior doe trousers Do black cloth trousers Do shepherds' plaid suits Boys' tweed suits Do and youths' cord and mole trousers Gent's, fancy doe coats Do silk and cloth vests Do alpaca coats and vests. The attention of country storekeepers is particularly called to this extensive sale. No Reserve. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. 8867 - PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. Great Sale of Lands and Freehold Properties to the Western District. In the Insolvent Estates Of William Bateman, Jun., and Co., of Warrnambool, Merchants, Of James Cust, of Warrnambool, Landowner, Of Joseph Dobson, of Warrnambool, Innkeeper, , Of Philip Young, of Warrnambool, Farmer, Of J. 0 and A. Mathieson, of Warrnambool, Farmers and others in the same District. ALFRED BLISS and CO., of Mel. -3. bourne, and Mr. SAMUEL MACaRF.CJMI, of Warrnambool, have been instructed by Rl<4¿]ncA<a'' month, Esq., the Official Assignee of the, carving district, (with the concurrence of the mortgagees! others interested,) to offer for sale by public auction. All the landed properties connected with the above several estates, comprising Several hotels. Some first-class cultivated farms. Woll-tlmbcrodlands. House, mill, and other valuable properties in this rich, highly-favored, well- watered, and flourishing district. t The sale will most probably be fixed for tureens of November or the beginning of December next. Lists of the properties, terms of sale, and all finite particulars will be advertised in tho course of ten days. . 3020 THIS DAY. Sale of Freehold Land and Cottages in the Punt-road near the Junction, the Property of Theophilus Thompson, Esq. Brick House and Land in Albert-street, Windsor, belonging to Mr. Wm. Allan. Building Allotments In Pool and Albert streets, Windsor. The above are the Properties that were tohavoncon sold on Monday last, but were postponed on account of the inclemency of the weather. To Capitalists, Builders, Speculators, and Others. ALFRED BLISS and CO. will sell by public auction, on the various premises, on Monday, 6th Inst., at half-past one o'clock, try To enable buyers to avail themselves of the one o'clock train from Melbourne, Lots. ALL that piece or pal of of land, being a corner allotment, having a frontage to the Punt-road Do) (cot by a depth of 8 feet to Albert-street, on which is erected the House and Premises lately in the occupation of Dr. Sewell. Lot 2. All that piece or parcel of land, having a fresh of 32 feet to the Punt road by a depth of 8 feet (lbs next allotment but one to Nelson-street), on Meats erected A Cottage, t containing four rooms, kitchen, servants' room, ml liable. Lot 3. All that piece or parcel of land in the parish ( Prahran, being part of allotment B of section 12 having a frontage of 45 feet to Albert-street by depth of 81 foot, on which is erected an elegant Verandah Brick Cottage, containing four large rooms, with possagodowntti centre, The house is newly built, in a most substantial manner, of brick, with slate roof, and ornamental verandah, neatly fenced in, with garden ground to front. No expense has been spared to make more! of the best and neatest cottages in this soil in proving district. Lot 4. - All that piece or parcel of land, in the part of Prahran, being allotment 87 on the plan of tubdltj sion, and consisting of 41 foot frontage to Peel-st, by a depth of 81 foot to allotment No. 24. Lot B. All that piece or parcel of land, in the pink of Prahran, being allotment No. 24 on the plan of the division, and consisting of a frontage of 45 feet to Albert-street, by a depth of 84 feet to allotments?. Lots 6 and 7. All those pieces or parcels of land, situate L20 parish of Prahran, being Nos. 64 and 81 on thereto' of subdivision; No. 54 consisting of 44 feet frontage to Peel-street, by a depth of 8 feet and Mo. 81, el 41 feet frontage to Albert- street east, by a siTe depth. Lots 8 and 9. I" All those two building allotments, numbered on the plan of subdivision respectively 13 and 28, are having a frontage of 41 foot to Pool-street, byaotptt of £0 feet. TitlOB Porte ct. 32 Terms at Sale. _«_ TUESDAY, 18th OCTOBER. North Melbourne. Sale of Two Brick Verandah Cottages In Anlorrftrw To Small Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. ALFRED BLISS and CO. have re colvodinstructions from Mr. Cardwell to sell] public auction, on the premises situate In Union-st near the Edinburgh Castle, on Tuesday, 13th loitered one o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage 6 6 feet 6 inches to Arden- street, by a' depth of AIF to a road is foot wide, with a right-of-way 10 feet, in the rear, on which are erected Two Brick Cottages, each containing sitting-room, bed-room, and asked ' 1 These cottages are most substantially built of MM quite new, thoroughly finished hurdle and oiiUift with slate roof, verandah and green palios»Ultra»! and are not at the low rental of £2 2s. per week. The auctioneers confidently recommend these as small capitalist as a good permanent investment, Title One remove from the Crown. Terms Half Cash ; Balance at Three Months. SATURDAY, 10th OCTOBER, Melton, On the Ballaarat-road. , ,. Solo of the Household Furniture and Effects Inna upon the Melton Hotel, Melton, , ... By Order of the R. S. Shaw, Official Assignee for Estate of J. P. Lane. Without.Roeorvo. \ ALFRED BLISS and CO. laws, I 5CL ceived instructions ring H. S. Shaw, Either 'ficial Assignee, to sell by public auction, without" leave, on the premises known as the Melton used Melton, on Saturday, 10th Inst., at twelve lodes [ AH the household furniture and effects now a and upon the above hotel. M Terms Cash. ___JÜ \- MONDAY, 8th OCTOBER. N KINSMAN has received invite tions to tell by auction, on the prow Gore-street, next the Royal Arch Hotel, on wooC, on Monday, 6th Inst., at eleven o'clock, Household furniture, consisting of soil? chairs, tables, feather beds and bWrjj All to be Sold Without Reserve. . IMM N. KINSMAN, Auctioneer, House and We'll »ï!eor.»tie«t1Çv;ualrwOOA ' miss 