GOLD FIELDS. !>'=■ The ■following'-'important' notice appears as a supplement to last- Tuesday's Gouern 7)iant Gazette:— , Chief Secretary's Office, "Melbourne, ■■. 13th June, 185?.' GOLD FIELDS. - < ' Doubts having' been entertained as * to the legality of contracts . between owners 'of land and other person's for mining for gold on such:land, it is hereby notified for general information, that all,such contracts are illegal and .void, and v subject persons mining under them..to'legal proceedings at the suit of the Crown. ' - 1 | it is lurtlier notified that it is the inten I tion of the Government to ask the; ^Legis lature to legalise all such' contracts :as were honct jide made and entered/intoibefore the ,1st day of June- instant, but: this will not affect contracts made since that date, which will consequently still remain illegal and will confer no right as against persons who may obtam^the^liberty*ofcimning' on such lands under, the contemplated; Act of 'Parliament.. By His .Excellency's'Command, ' WILLIAM ■ C. 'HAINES; 'Death of a Miser, from.Want of the Necessaries'' of "Life.—On. the iOfcli instant van s inquest ' was 'lield at the Lighthouse Hotel, corner ;;of Sussex and Bathurst streets, before the:, city coroner, ■'touching.- the death 'of- John Conlon, an riigted- man;rwho at 'one' time"' had been a prisoner of the Crown.. . Alexander MfGefv inspector of police, stated- that on, Friday ..morning-; between eight arid nine o'clock, •: lie.received .informationsthat• a.-man, pretty .well up in years, who- residedsans an old house off Sussex-street, had,died, and;tbat he' was possessed of property." Oh going .to;thehouse lie found the body of deceased, ;wliose. namejwasiConlon, lying:inl.bed,.:ind ',: under his head some keys. .Searched jhis < boxes, and discovered £10 in notes and . • gold,1 a deposit- receipt of the Bank of New South Wales for £250, and the deeds I of ten acres of land on the, liawkesbury, ' for which it appeared deceased hud paid £100, all of which'-'property -be • placed Vin:.:: the hands of . the Curator of Intestate Estates, receiving a receipt for the same. Deceased (said tho witness) was a miser, . and hardly, allowed himself the necessaries ■ of lite. . A, short time back lie had lost some money, which preyed heavily' on his mind. Witness saw nothing- to lead him to believe that death:had resulted from any other than natural causes.' Deceased was about sixty-five, years of age,; and jhis wii'e has been dead about a ,3rear. Dr. Redhead stated that lie had examined "the body1 of deceased, and ' believed it to be that of a man ,who-had been- under iliis ,,ft .^Continued on tlte tJrird-pagcuw.l Continued from the first page. cave about December last. At that time deceased represented himself as being1 very destitute,.in consequence of which he (Dr. R.) attended and supplied him with medi cine for nothing-. Deceased was then suf fering from chronic bronchitis, of which witness believed ho had died; his penu rious habits no doubt accelerated death. Verdict accordingly.— -Sydney Morninn Herald. Monster Snake at Mangrove.—-The Maitland Mercury has the following:— " As a Mr. Gould and his son were taking a walk the other day, in the vicinity of their own house they came across a large coil of what they took to be rope, which, on closer inspection, proved to he an enor- mous carpet snake. There being nothing handy with which to despatch the monster, and it being in a torpid state, the son caught it by the neck about four inches from the head, while the father severed the head from the body just below the son's hand. My informant (who is Mr. Gould himself) measured it and assures me it measured the extraordinary length of six teen feet four inches. I hear the skin is to be forwarded to Sydney." Chinese and Railways.—:An old digger, writing to' the Herald on the influx of Chinese, suggests that the 50,000 at present on the gold fields, should be taxed 30s. per month, which would amount to £75,000 monthly, and deducting the cost of collection, would leave £50,000 per month, or £600,000 per annum. This amount would p«ty interest, at 5 per cent., on £12,000,000, which, at £10,000 per mile, would pay for the construction of 1200 miles of railway. He adds—" Surely 1200 miles of railroad, constructed by means of what is considered the bane of the land is deserving of the attention of the people's representatives." -New Projects.—The prospectus of a suburban railway company, capital £300,000, has appeared in the Melbourne papers and is said to have met with a fa vorable reception} and the prospectus of an omnibus company, which proposes to raise a capital of £50,000 has also made its appearance.' Both parties propose to afford' superior and cheap travelling- ac commodation to'the citizens of Melbourne and' the various suburbs. The railway company look forward to the ultimate ex tension of one'of their lines through Wes tern Port into Gipps Land. '" Railway-oV Tramway.-—A meeting Ws held at. Bath's Hotels' Ballaarat, 011 'the,9th ihstfor .'the purpose of..taking; in 'to consideration the advisability ofimaking a * r ail way;'or',' tramway, to, n'ni te . B alia arat with^'Dnnplly''$ntf 'other' places..,; It ..was thought that a railway could be.,made..' for £2,500'np'er' milej.'and !;Mrl Lalor' believed lie! cohld' get a' Bill 'passed' thisi! session for the purpose; if qiiiclc' action'Vvere' taken in the .matter.'' ' No decision was arrived at as'to'.wlietlier a railway or tramway should be; made^'but a committee • was appointed to.make'a prospecting survev of the coun try;[This is a sample of local energy and enterprise, which might be worthily imitated.'ih oiu; district.] • • ;t>- < Immigrants by the " Fortune"— No '"immigrants5, have ever been introduced here on a sourtder basis thiin tliose recent ly arrived by the barque Fortune. Tliey have all been aided by their friends or re latives to come out under the bounty sys tem, and were not selected by Mr. Drake. It is pleasing to see the first meeting of long parted relatives in this way, and ob serve how heartily the strangers are wel comed to their new homes in Tasmania. These are the right sort of colonists to introduce, for they will nearly all become permanent residents here. We ,niet a Deloraine farmer yesterday in St John street, bearing off in triumph a'fine fiimi ly, relatives of his, consisting of twelve healthy, happy, and honest loo ing people, who arrived by the Fortune. This is One very proper way to increase the wealth and stamina of the " Land we live in."— Cornwall Chronicle. I • Importation of Australian Hor ses into the Madras Presidency.— The Government of Madras has transmitted a notice, published in the Gazette, that, under certain specified conditions, Austra lian horses, (entires or gildings), to the extent in number of one hundred, will be received by the Commissary General at Madras, for the public service, every year until further notice, commencing1 from the 1st January, 1857. The horses Svill be paid for, after being passed by a committee of officers at Madras, at the rate of 575 rupees each. The Mouth of the Murray.— Captain Douglas, in his " Sailing Direc tions," says that a properly constructed and appointed steamer, not drawing more than ninfl feet water, may be safely conducted over the bar. Attemped Murder.— About two o'clock on Sunday morning an attempt was made by a digger on Golden Point to murder his wife and mother-in-law. Both are seriously but not dangerously wounded. They were stabbed, the wife in the back, and her mother in the neck. The man has absconded, but the two wo men are under the care of Dr. Robinson, who has trood hopes of their recovery.— \M. A. Mail. The Buckland.—Our accounts from this gold-field are not very encouraging. A great number of Chinese nre beginning to " cave" in consequence of the cold wea ther, and many Europeans are, unable to make wages. -Ovens Paper. . Competition.—A person who is con cerned somewhat in gold buying' informs us that a few days ago such was the spirit of emulation existing among the gold buy ers on the Woolshed that in some in stances as high a price as £3 19s. 3d. was given for a fine sample.—Ovens Paper. A Strange Fire.—All Sunday there was to be seen from the town, a vast co lumn of smoke arising from some large fire at a considerable distance to seaward. Many were the speculations as to what it could be, some pronouncing it an enormous steamer passing by, others a ship on fire. It appears, ho waver, to have been the whole of the Julia Percy Island on fire. How the fire has been kindled on that desert island is a mystery.— \- Portland Guar- | dian. Disgraceful Trio.—There is at the present moment in the Melbourne Gaol a melancholy instance of the depravity of a family of young men, whose father is a reputable and industrious member of so ciety, and in good circumstances at one of the gold-fields. We refer to the Brushers, two of whom have obtained an unenviable notoriety in connection with the house of ill-fame in Little Bourke-street, where the unfortunate young woman, Janet Burt, died in a mysterious manner on Sunday morning. Three of the brothers are now in prison serving sentences of twelve, six, and three months respectively. Our Crops.—From all accounts, the ensuing season is looked upon by all ex perienced agriculturists in this decidedly agricultural locality as bidding fair for an excellent harvest. We have made inqui ries in all directions about Kilmore, and the farmers in the neighbourhood inform us, that from present appearance, rich grain crops may be looked for. There is an immense quantity of land at present under cultivation, and either sown or ready to be so. It is a greatly disputed point, whether farming at the present high rate of wages is a payiug employ ment. We find,, on asking a direct ques tion, however, that in all cases, where the farmer is actually <i resident, and working on his own land; a fair remunerative pro-; fit is at present to beitnude. - There is a veryJarge quantity .of.land in the.neigh bourhood uuder wheat crop, though we. believe the cultivation of oats has some-: what the ascendency. As wages decrease,: which we ibelieve'very shortly they'inevi-; tably must, agriculture will be a sure and successful employment. The best proof of this, perhaps, exists in the fact, that in our own neighbourhood agricultu ral operations are extending' far and wide, and new farms are springing up in all di rections.— -Kilmore Examiner. , A Leviathan shark.-— Un Mon day, about noon, a man threw a slieepi which had been drowned in a creek, from oft* Elliott's Wharf, Woolloomoo loo, into the sea. A injnute afterwards a shark, which was over twenty feet in length, appeared on the water, and opening his ponderous jaws, quietly engulphed the sheep, and then disap pearecl. -Sydney Empire Horse Stealing.—It appears by the Gazette that during (he late tour of the Governor toAlbury His Excellency had three horses stolen from him. Horse Stealing.—This abomina ble crime appears to be on the increase in this district, and the troopers are con tinually kept hard at work trying to dis cover the rascally thieves. Lately four fine draught horses, valued at £100 each, were stolen from Carrolin's Inn, Yambuck. —tVarrnambool Examiner. Garotte Robbery—On Thursday morning, a little after twelve o'clock, as a Mr. William Hutton was passing down Swanston-street, Melbourne, nearly opposite the Bank of Victoria, he was stopped by three men, almost choked, and robbed of a small sum of money, a gold hunting watch, and seve ral bills, &c.; Mr. Hutton had just come out of the Argus Hotel. Murder at the Tamut.-—On the i 23rd ult. a man named Wilson was brutally murdered by a young man named Whitty, who fractured his vic tim's skull with a heavy piece of timber. The accused has been committed for trial, and arrived in Yass on Thursday evening1 last, on his way to Goulburn gaol. —Yass Courier. Another Murder.— A rumour reached the police of this town on Fri day that a murder had been committed near Mrs. Iianley's at Coolac Creek, about fifteen miles from Gundagai. The man said to have been murdered is known by the soubriquet of " Con naught Jack." The man supposed to have committed the murder had not been apprehended. -Yass Courier. Fatal Accident at Colac.—On the 5lh instant a young lad named Thomas Irwini was driving the horses attached to a threshing machine near Colac, when hisclothes became en Jan gled with the apparatus, and he received such injuries as caused his death. Fatal Accident.—Information was yesterday brought into Sandhurst of the death of Mr. Robert Dougharty, brother of the well-known Melbourne auctioneer. It seems that he was thrown from his horse at the Lower Loddon on Sunday, and killed on the spot. Fracas between English and Chinese.—Informatnn has reached town, that a few days ago a violent fra cas took place between the English and Chinese, at a new rush in the direction of Mount Ararat. No particulars have reached us beyond the fact that several Chinese huts have been burned down. At the time our informant left the dis turbance was continued. -Age. Suicide in Beechworth.—Mr. Knight, the landlord of the Freemasons' A.rms, Beechworth, committed suicide a few days ago. Cold Feet.—Cold feet are the ave nues to death of multitudes every year; it is a sign of imperfect circulation, of want of vigor of constitution. No one can be well wliose feet are habitually cold. When the blood is equally distributed to every part of the boay ;there is general good health. If there be less blood at one point there is a coldness; and not only so, there must be more than is natural at some part of the system, and there is fe ver, that is unnatural heat or oppression. In the case of cold feet, the amount of blood wanting there collects at some other part of the body which happens to be weakest, to be least able to throw a barri cade against the in-rushing enemy. Hence when the lungs are weakest, the extra blood gathers there in the shape of a com mon cold, or often spitting of blood. Cler gymen, other public speakers, and singers, .by improper exposure, often render ', the throat the weakest part; to such,, cold feet give hoarseness, or a raw, burning feeling, most felt at the bottom of1 the'neck. ' To others again,' whose bowels 'are - weak -through overheating, or, drinking spirituous liquors, cold feet', gives various; degrees, of derangement, from common looseness up to diarrhoea' or, dysentery:; and so might we go-through'the whole body; but for the present: this is rsuflicient for illustration:^ If you, are, well/let yourself alone But to those whose feet are inclined to be cold, we "suggest—As soon as };ou get up in the morning- put both feet in a basin of cold water, so as to' come, half way.rto --tlie ankles; keep them in half a minute, rub bin"; them vigorously; wipe them dry and. hold them to the fire, if convenient in cold weather, until every part of your feet feel as dry as your hand, and put on your socks or stockings. On going to bed at night draw off your stockings and hold your feet to the fire ten or fifteen minutes until perfectly dry, and go to bed.: This is a most pleasing- operation, and fully re pays for the trouble of it. No one can sleep well or refreshing1 with cold feet.. All Indians and hunters sleep with their feet to . the fire. Never step from your bed with naked feet on any un carpeted floor. I have known it to be the exciting cause of months of illness. Wear woollen, cot ton, or silk stockings, whichever keeps the feet most comfortable; do not let the ex perience of another be your guide, for dif ferent persons. require different articles; what is good for a person whose feet is naturally damp cannot be good for one whose feet are dry. The donkey who had his bag of salt lightened by swimming the river, advised his companion who was. loaded down with a sack of wool to do the same, and having no more sense than a man or women, he phinged in, and in a moment the wool absorbed the water, in creased the burden many fold, and bore him with it to the bottom.— -Mall's Jour- j nal oj Health. " Whittington and his Cat."—The fable of the Cat is borrowed from the East. ' Sir William Gore Ouseley, in his Travels, speaking of the origin of the name of an island in the Persian Gulf, relates, on the authority of a Persian MS., that in the "tenth centuiy, one Keis, the son of a poor widow in Siraf, embarked for India, with his sole property, a cat. " There he fortunately arrived at a time when the'palace was so infested by mice or rats that tho,y invaded the king's food, and persons were employed to drive them from the royal banquet. Keis produced his cat; the noxious animals soon aisappeared; and magnificent rewards were bestowed on the adventurer of Siraf, who returned to that city, and afterwards, with his mother and brothers, settled in the island; which from him, has been denomi nated Keis, or, according to the Persian, Keisli." -From Timb's " Curiosities of | History" Length op a Mile.—The mile varies in length in different countries: for exam ple:—The English mild is 1760 yards; the Russian, 1100; the Italian, 1467 ;' the Irish and Scotch, 2200 ; the Polish, 4400; the Spanish, 0028; -the German, 5866; the Swedish and Danish, 7233; and the Hungarian, 8830. The French measure by the mean league, which is 3666 yards. ; 