Sandhurst Directory. • A BBOTT'S (late of Birmingham) AUSTRALIAN £*X HOTEL, Bridge-street. An Ordinary at ore o'clock daily. 13-81 D V I! RTISER JOBBING OFFICE, tike's Buildings, Pall Mall. A BENDTGO ADVERTISER OFFICE, Pike's Buildings, 1'all Mall. Bank of australasia, Pali. m«h. ■ : 118mar3l ANIC OF NEW SOUTH WALES, View Potat UJmarSl I) ANK OF VICTORIA. VIEW POINT. ' llfimnrfll T>ENDICiO HOTEL, Bridge-street. John Harney, 1 * propriotor. • )16mnr3l' EROVVN, Wholesale and Retail .Confectioners, Pall Mai), Sandhurst. : 598-14 Feb 1867 < C. M'DONALD, Lemonade' and. Sndn-water J* Mamifaotur.er. M'Crne-atreet. " ll'marSl S OOP BR' & ROBATHAN,' Military Tailors, Pall Mn"- ' \ . 118.mar31 . ULOXTAL INSURANCE COMPANY — MA OK AY and Co., Agents, Ptill Mall. C c and Rasrlan Streets, White Hilla Hamlet, 7th White Hill. Il0nmr31 HOUWOOO and SONS, Engineers, Millwright?, Iron and Brass Founders, High-streef. ' 406,Janl9 JOHN RABRIEL, Smith and Farrier, near Ben dies Hotel. Blacksmiths" work of all kinds punctually and neatly executed. 525-7fch feb J MASTERS, Hair Cutter, from Bridge-street, a firm- house iu Mundy-street. oppoaito Free mason's Hotel. 12lc KITCHEN and WALLER, Importers of Fancy Goods, Stationery and Cutlery, Bridge-street, next Abbott's Australian Hotel. 73-98 & CJ?" Stationary Depot, Pike's Buildings, Pall Mall... MORGAN and FrLL, Painters, Glaziers Paper hangers and Sign Painters, Bull-steet. ' ' ■ 122mar31 ' MR. EDWARD FRANCIS WARD. Solicitor and Conveyanoer, Ofhto Pall Mall, next Mr.-Cam pioii's, Di apers Store. 123mar31 MB. J; HENDERSON, HeraUl agent, Pike's Buildings, Pall Mall. W ' B MR. J. M. MINTER, Solicitor, Conveyancer and Proctor, Bridge street, near Bendigo Hotel. -— . ■ 12gmar31 A1"R. PATTEN, Solicitor, Notary Public, and Con X. veyancer, Williamson-street, Pall Mull. 5th oouse from the bhamrock Hotel. 43 M11" ,»'oMAN' So,icitor and Conveyancer, Offices • M'Ciae-street, neor the Exhibition Building. 125mar31 ■%/TESSRS CUTTEN and MILLETT, Solicitors XIX and Conveyancer*, Bridge-street, near Harney's ^Bridge, next to Russell's Btore. 126mur31 JI/TACPHERSON and CO.'a Horse Bazaar, behind iTl the Post-olhce, Pall Mall. • ,127nmr31 POLLOCK and DUNBAR, Hay, Coniand General Produce Salesmen, High-street 128mar31 Si1CwJ?K'r LlJNAM> ANU MACKINTOSH, k7 Wholesale-and Retail Drapers, Pall Mall. 129.578 "^ POWELL, Builders and Brickmakers, * Downinjf-street, Sandhurst. 351jan20 T NOBLE, Auctioneer, Valuer, Commission and . Land Agent, Long Gully. 1790 "W P' Surgeon, Seventh White Hill nnd _rr • Epsom, Deputy Registrar of Births and Peathg- 724 fc 629 Banks. COLONIAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.— \J Temporary OfUces: Bridge-street. This Bank allows Interest on Curreut Accounts and Deposit Receipts. 383jan23 pHOVIDENT INSTITUTE OF VICTORIA, Head Office—30 Queen-streot, Melbourne. Official Management. Trustees: 1 John1 Greenlaw Foxton, Esq. William Patterson Muir, Esq. ,}'m Honorable Surveyor-General Capt, Clarke R E. 1 lie Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands. F A Powlett, Esq. T Directors :— John Greenlaw Foxton, Esq. Theodore Hancock, Esq. Joseph Maoardy, Esq, William Patterson Muir, Esq. John Porter, Esq. Henry Pownall Snwell, Esq. John Broadliui-it Tootul, Esq. DEPOSIT, ESTATE, AND AGENCY BANK. Deposit Department Deposit may begin with One Pound,- or with anv amount ot capital, and it may bo increased at pleasured J he Managing Director especially invites those per 8 yho .h«vo never yet habituated themselves to the reproductive deposit of savings, Biirplui, and unemployed Provident Institute of Victoria; ,r!vl. '"terest, freehold security of abundant ralue, a legitimate distribution of money, and the. The Bank Department receives sayings, surplus in onmf»,fn in°"'tr.n u'''.l!,0ney3' and it '"ana the same on, and only on, lioehold estate, thus realising a liberal interest fir depositors, and oxtonding important accom modation to tlia owners of freehold property. , depositor v-iy numiiiata a rolation or friend to' whom payment shall be made at a fixed time, should the the°inteHnl ^ 6l',ri5B ,lW'<-°piinted during Depositors are privileged to have their letter fl(J. dressed" lo tlie cwa of the Provident Institute, Mel- , bourne. All sucli letters ivill be received, registered and placed in the strong room HI! called for. ' Estate Department. £10,001) to be loaned in ono sum, or in sums ofiW ! less than 100 each. Interest is charged only for the I tune money is wanted. It is payable quarterly; nn,) »nly when dim ; and the charges for survey and mort gage are upon an economical scale. Agancy Department. The Agency Department effects the purchase, sale or tnortgago of land, buildings, ice : and collects and' pays rents, djridonds, interest, ,fc., on commission receipts paid over, or deposited in tho Bank Depa.t By order of the Board of Management, JOSEPH MACARDY, Mannging Director. BOYD and HARRlg, Agents for Sandhurst. 1102.578 c~]rETT~ PLAYING CARDS. cfr3' W''°n3ul° ll'"' retail> on Sale ^11 Malt StlUl°"Cr-y Klro'a Buildings, ° * BO AS 1)6 C" At tho Argug Stationery Dejioi. v/r\ Shipping. :«)»TTUCiLK I.1NE OF PACKETS.— I.J For LIVERPOOL direct, carrv — ing her Majesty's Mai's. —Tlio Liver pool and Australian Navigation Company's 'auxiliary screw steamship, HOY A I, CHARTER,' 2,719 tons, 200-horso power, FRANCIS UOYCE, Esq., Comman der, having rmtde her oiittvnnl passage in sixtj-five days, will be despatched for Liverpool punctually on the 15tli January, 1857. Tliis ship presents a desirably opportunity for ship pers of gold. Wool token at current rates. For freight or passage apply to the agents, BRIGHT BROTHERS and Co., Melbourne. llfi3 nit H jan 57 EUROPEAN AND AUSTRALIAN ROYAL MAIL COMPANY. Carrying' Her Majesty's Moils., - THE first of this Company's steamships .^===ss==5^ ONEIDA, 2300 tons register, mid 550 horse power, George Ilyrte, commander, mil. he despatched from Melbourne for Southampton, via Suez, touching nt King George's Sound "and' Point.de Galle, "oh the 27th January, 1857. • Hates op Passage. ■■■■'■ Chief Cabin. Fore Cabin. Melbourne to King George's £ £. £ Sound .. 20 and 15 • 12 i, Point de Galle • 00 „ 55 , 40 » Aden .. .. 80 „ 70 50 Alexandria ., 115 „ 95 . 75 1, Malta-.. .. 125 ,,105 80 » Southampton 340 „ 120, 90 Passengers going io Marseilles'can only be hooked to Malta, but the Company will have a steamer at Malta to e.onvey them to Marseilles. Fares: First cabin .. .. .. ..£7 10 Second cabin ..' .. ' .. • .. 5 0 Application for passages, &c.;, to be made to MACKAY,'BAINES and CO., Agents, ■ ■ ■ \ ■ Hall of Commerce, Collins-street west, Melbourne. ■ ■' ' ■ , 187,24 j£E^T>LACK\VALL LINE OF.PACKETS.— J-> For LONDON direct.—To sail posi «e§=3S.tively the -Hat January, 18.">7.—Tha fine armed frigate-built ship ..ANGLESEY, belonging to Messrs. Green, 1,200 toils, A i at Lloyd's. J.N THORNE, Cnmmander. This favorite »hip is again placed on the berth for London, and will lie despatched punctually on die above-mentioned date, offering to all intending pas sengers the inducement of a comfortable and pleasant trip to Fngland. Her first-class cabins are now too well known to re quire any comment. and the second and third cluss accommodation is unsurpassed by any ship in the Bav. j , 'flie vessel having been moored, close to the Sand ridge Pier, passengers are oflored an excellent' oppor tunity of inspecting the cabins previous to securing J their bertha. The Angleiey is commanded on her present, as on her past voyages, by Captain Thorne, who lias now been many years engaged in the Australian passehgertrade, and who has gained the good will of all who have sailed with him. ! Rates of Passage : . Cabin, according to agreement. Seeon cabin ... ... £'35 Intermediate 25 Steeioge ... ... .. 20 Carries an experienced surgeon. For rate of freight, plans of cabins, and second and third cabin dietary scales. ■ ; . . : 1 . Apply to W. P. WHITE and CO., Agents, Wharf, Melbourne ' 294, >5 Notices. LOYAL GOLD MINER'S PRIDE LODGE. THE Brothecs of the above Lodge are particularly requested to attend the Quarterly Financial Meeting, to be held at Host Gregor's Duited Kingdom Hotel, Golden Square, on Monday, the 12th instant, at half .past seven o'clock, as other business of im portance will he brought before the meeting, By order of the G. M., G.J. KELLY, G. M. 334,9 W. 11. 8TUART, Secretary. TO THE RATEPAYERS OF THE "SAND HURST MUNICIPALITY. GENTLEMEN—My tenure of office as a Municipal' Councillor expiriug ou the 10th of January next, ' I have to inform you that it is my intention ta.again I offer myself for re- election, and at the same time to express a hope that the attention which I have paid to the general business of the. Council during the short time I have been in olllce boa been such as to nieiit a renewal of that confidence which always lias been, anil over will be, my most earnest desire to'retain. ( Should I therefore be successful at the ensuing eleotion, I shall prize doubly the honor conferred upon me, as it will serve not only as a guarantee that my' past services have met with your approbation, but also as a stimulus to increased exertions for the benelit aud improvements of the township generally. I have the honor to be, Gentleman, Your obedient Servant, WITyLUM HENRY NEALE. Sandhurst, December 22rid, 1850. . 1073 Jan 10 MUNICIPAL ELECTION. TO THE RATEPAYERS OF" SANDHURST. GENTLEMEN,—Having been requested by a large and influential number of tho inhabitants of. High-street, Golden Square, and Kangaroo Flat to. allow myself to be put in nomination as a candidate to. represent vonr interests in those hitherto unrepresented localities,! feel callcd upon, under the circumstances, to endeavour to'obcuirt for you some share iu those privileges so justly your due. In coming before yon as a candidate for the honor' of your suffrages, I would by. no means wish to dis parage in the-slightest degree the exertions of those gentlemen who lately composed a portion of the Couu- ■ cil, bnt I think you trill agree with iue in thinking that each portion of the township should 'be reprcrented in order to obtain a just knowledge of their wants, and a fair distribution pf theia funds. To 1. ureat many of- you'I have been ljnown for a very considerable psriod, aud if from your knowledge of rae you.consider me fit to;act as one of your repre sentatives, I trust that if returned you will find uo reason to blame my want of industry and zeal in your service. * , J. renfifin, Gentlemen, yours obedientlyi 2«7,10 P. J, BK0WN. TO THE MUNICIPAL ELECTORS OF SANDHURST. GENT uiEMEN. —On t|ie first institution of a Muni cipality amongst in, you did me the honor to elect me to a seat in the Council. While I have occur pied that seat I have endeavored to the bust of my ability to discharge my duty to tho doctors generally, by doing all itl ui.v power for tho furtherance of the interests of the town. 4t tho request qf njnny of my supporters, I again como forward to solicit your votes. I am identified with the material prosperity of Sand hurst, and, ns yon know, havo been so identified for some tune. I huyo chospn Bondigo us my homo, und us I havo leisure, so I am desirous, should you deem lit again to return mi* to the Council, to use every effort to make thin town what 1 am persuaded it is yet des- ' tined to he—quo o( the great inland cities of our adopt- j ed land. i need hardly state to yon that, fn all tilings, I am favorable to tho thorough working out of our Municipal Act, and that, though l.niay not ho able to nddress you in a set speech, yet I shall always bo present to give m\ vote in tho right nay. I am, Gcntlcmon, Your ohedieiit servant, ROBERT BELL. Vj»iv Point Cottage, Jan, 2ndj 1857, 223.0 Notices. V. R IMMIGRATION REMITTANCES. NOTICE TO THE PUULIC. lERSONS wishing to bring tlieir relatives nnd r friends from the United Kingdom to Victoria, can secure piiKbiiges for them in vessels clmrtered by her Majesty's Government, on the following condi tions :— 1\. The persons to be brought into the Colony must he in good health, free from all bodily or monlnl de fects ; of good moral character, sober, industrious, and in the hnbit of working for wnges nt the occupation specified in the application forms. Children under the age of fifteen years must be accompanied by some com petent person who will take charge of them during the voyage. 2\. The names, ages, relationship, married or single stale, occupation and address of the persons for whom passages are requested, must be furbished hy the ap plicant according to the accompanying form :— . •mop8ui\f paiinfi aq} ui Sut -ait eJ3i(Av ^aojjg pirn iimox jo oobjj eqj jo UlSuej my ?B sseappy ■"U!ITO JO apt"X •dtqs \- uotjmajj •ap«!S p3Uinj\\[ jatjjanjw •aSy! •qjSiiai nnj IB [suiBiuiig' pno aniBvj OTij6ui[3 '3. The applicant will then be informed of the amount to he paid to secure the passages, and upon payment of this sntn he will receive a certificate which lie will forward to his friends bv post. ' 4. ;The amount to be pnid will depend on the num ber of the persons to. be introduced, their iifte, sex, occupation and other circumstances. It will generally bo within the following limits :— Sex. ' U.n dei 1 year. 1 aud under. 12 12and under 30 30 and under 40. 40 and under 50. 50 and np. wards. £ £ £ JE A Male 1 to 2 3 to 4 4 to 6 6 to 8 8 to 12 12 tol8 Female... 1 to 2 2 to 3 2 to 3. 3 to 4 4 to 6 10 to!8 6\. Should the persons sent for he unwilling or wn n.I)lo to emigrate, the amount deposited toward* tlieir 'passages will be repaid to the applicant' ffi this Colony" on the receipt of the usual voucher to that etl'ect from the Commissioners. But should' any false statements be made as to the age, occupation, character or condi tion of tlie persons to be brought to the Colony, pas sages will not be granted, and the money deposited for that purpose will be liable to forfeiture. 6\. Application forms and every information will be given, and deposits received at the uuder-meniioned places :— Melbourne, by the Immigration Agent, Geolong, ) Portland, / Port Fairy, > By the Assistant Immigration Warrnamboo], % Agents, Port Albert, ' Castlemains, \ Sandhurst, ' r Bullaarafc, )" By the Sub-Treasurers, Avoea, 1 .Beechworth, ' And at other places by persons to be specially appointed for that purpose. 7\. Persons residing at a distance from the above places oan obtain application forms at the nearest Post Oftice, and on sending them (duly filled np and signed) to the Immigration Agent in Melbourne, will receive immediate information. The amount required can be sent to the Immigration Agent in Melbourne by cheque or order on a Bank or mercantile house, or by bank notes in a registered letter. Upon receipt of the re mittance, the usual certificate for the passages of his friends will be forwarded to the depositor, and ho will transmit it by post to their address in the United Kingdom. . . CHARLES EDWARD STRUTT, Acting Immigration Agent. Immigration Office, Melbourne," 1st August, 1856. 181 RE-OPENING OF WILLIAMS & O'KEEFFE'S PREMISES, JAMES BDRNSIDE has munh pleasure in inform ing the pt)blio pf Bendjgo that he has taken the large premises lately in the occupation of Messrs. Wil? liams and O'KeeftVa, where ho intends selling Horse Feed of every Description, of (ho best quality, and at the lowest remunerating price. By so doing, ftiid by stript attention t° business, ho hopes to merit a share of public patronage. J. B. also begs to intimate, that having purchased tbe' Steam-Bngine and. splendid Cliatt'-outtiug Ma plpqer.v,i}long with tl|e Corn-crushing, Mnise- praoking, atul Coffee-grinding Mills, )ie wijl 1)0 qqabledtp supply the best Chaff on Bendigo, and to crush Oats and Barley,craok Maize, and grind Gram and Coffee, in the ljest manner and on the shortest notice. A'Fi)li'Stuok of the best quality kept at liii) 3toro in Bridge-street as heretofore. ' l055mar2Q TO THE RATEPAYERS UF THE SA2STD^ HURST MUNICIPALITY. GE^TLEmRN—Tim for which von elected rae as one of.your Representatives in the Muni cipal Council will expire on the 9th of January, I intend tq ofler myself for re-election, and trust Hint thp attention £ havo shqwn to the performance of t||p duticBOf the oliicc of Councillor, and the impartial justice with which I have striven to act to the inhabi-. tants of the Municipality generally, will procure me a majority of your votes at tho ensuing election, 1 do not come before you untried, and if I am re elected shall bp doubly gratified for the honor con ferred, i}nd the implied appreciation of my past services. I am, Gentlemen, Your most obedient fervaut, W. VAZtli SIMONS. White If Hie, December 27th, 1856. 134,9 : NOTICE OF REMOVAL. Ci LUDW'Qi watchmaker and joxveller, in return )% ing his best thanks to the publio of Bendigo for tho very liberal support he lias received for the last three years ho has beon in business, acquaints his friends, patrons and tho public at large, that ho has rp; moved nearer the Shamrock IJotol, wliero lie trusts tq receive a s()iiro of business us before. C. Ij. acquaints the public that ho has engaged, bor tides ail English watchmaker, a native of Geneva, and he is able to repair watches of that place in tho niont perfect mannep. A|l work demo witn tl|0 utmost oi^a, and the loiyest posribjo charge?. Any article in jewellery will bo made w'(th nentneag lest vror|in|«uslip, iju4 best qqalitj', Notices. MUNICIPAL ELECTION. TO THE RATEPAYERS OF SANDHURST. GENTLEMEN,—I beg respectfully to announce to you that ilis my intention to solicit your suffrages at the ensuing Municipal Election, to fill' one of tbe vacant seats in the Council. From the position I held on the poll at tlie Into Election, I feci that it would only be in pursuance of my. dutv to the gentlemen who so numerously supported we on that occasion, to placo.my hnniblc services again at, your disposal ; and if I enter tlia Council it will be with a firm anil unwavering determination, to promote and foster the interests, not of one portion, hut that of the township generally. I beg further to say that I am entirely opposed, on principle, to the system of per sonal canvas by the Candidate ; and I trust that no Elector will imagine I am wanting in respect, if I avoid that which I consider " more honored in the. breach than the observance." Erectors, it you send mc into the Council, it will be as a free and independent member of any party. • I am, yours respectfully, . 1134,st,ti),thjal0 D. MACDOUGALL.' \ CHURCH OF ENGLAND, Sandhurst.. 5 - A BAZAAR of Fancy and various other Articles ' will be held the first wee.K in February, 1857. at the School-house, in aid of the Building Fund. All kinds of fanny and ussf'ul articles are respectfully solicited from tbe ladies of Sandhurst. Contributions of materials, &e.;, from Storekeepers and others, will be gladly received by Mrs. Brennan, at the Parsonage. 18.1c £5 reward: • LEFT her Home, top end of Williams-street, on . New Year's Day, liliza Ucntley, in an abstracted state of mind. Has not been seen or heard of since. Height, about four feet, fillr complexion, light eyes, dnrk brown hair, scar on the left oye, the fore finger of the right hand stiff. Had on brown velvet bonnet with a feather in it, black cloth mantle with silk trimmings, slate colored French merino dress, cloth boots. The above reward will, le paid to any person who may know anything about her, on application to James .Bentley, Drayman, Williams-street. 07,10 . NOTICE OF REMOVAL,. ' DURING At/rERATION'S.'5 MR. J. M. WINTER, Solicitor, Conveyimcor, &c.;, Ollices, Harney's Buildings, Bridge-street, two doors below the Colonial Batik of Australasia. mon.wed&satfebB; MURCHISON PUNT. THE shortest and best route from Bendigo, Castle maine, the Avoca, Simpson's Diggings, the Goul bonrn Diggings, Ac., to the Ovens. Having been at the great, expense of constructing a Pant at the township of Murchison, on the Goullmrn River, the proprietor of the Punt Hotel begs to inform all travellers that they will find this a Nearer Route to and from the above-mentioned places than any other by at least FORTY MILES. Diggers and other Travellers will .find every comfort and accommodation tor man and horse, and for cattle likewise, at the Punt Hotel, and at moderate price i. 100,29 Merchandise. O N. S A. L Glass of all descriptions Oils, boiled, raw, and lamp Turpentine, paints and dry colors Red and white lead, cements, Portland. Roman Plaster of Paris, lead piping, block tin Varnishes, paperhauginys, gold mouldings Painters' brushes Glue, putty, whiting, chalk Chinese oil. J. LANG and Co., 74 Flinders-lane east. 1004-13 PLATE GLASS, best quality, all sizes. J. Lang and Co.. 74 Flinders-lane east. 1004-11 INDOW GLASS, Sheet, Crown, and Plate. J. Lung and Co., 74 Flinders-lane east. 1104-11 CHINESE' OIL for Sale, 10,000 Galluiis. J. Lung and Co, 74 Flinders-lane.east. 10U4-11 1L, Boiled, Raw, and Lamp, on Sale. J. Lang and Co., 74 Flinders-lane east. 1004-11 w 0 PORTLAND CEMENT, host quality. J. Lang and Co , 74 Flinders-lane east. 1001-1 1 LASTER OF PARIS on Sale. J. Lang and Co., 74 Flinders-lane east. 1004-11 Brown, pastrycook, and C 0 N FE C T I O N E R, (From Cornhill, London,) One door from Ball-street, PALL MALL. JELLIES, JAMS, CUSTARDS, POUND CAKES, TEA CAKES, AND FRUIT TARTS Of Every Description. W E D D '1 N G CAKE S, In groat variety, at all prices. EVERT YAtUETy OF FRENCH AND ENGLISH CONFECTIONERY, Wholesale and Retail. WEDDING BREAKFASTS, ANP PUBLIC AND PRIVATE SUPPER PARTIES Provided oil the Shortest Notice. 108Umar23 WATSON, HENDERSON, & CO. have on sale, at their temporary Store, Ilar graves-street, rear of Jones's Auction Mart— Danish oats, prime sample Adelaide flour, 1001b. ai|d 3001b. bags California!! c|o., fiQlb. bags ftutna rice, 1 owt. bags Price's Belmont sperm candles Deals and battens Weather boards ' Scotch and American flooring Lining boards Shelving Sheet lead, 4lb. Daily expected : Galvanized corrugated, iron, 18, 20,22,524,28 guages Ditto iron tiles and a large general assortment of Building Material. ViSf QllICKET. PAGE'S DOVETAILED CRICKET BATS Judt arrived,'and on Sale at WILLIAMS and SO N S, Munday-streot and Pall Mall. 142w&sat;,c SELLING OFF. GREAT REDUCTION! WILL I A mT & SON, MUNDY-STEET, S E L LING O F THE Whole of thvir immense Stock IRONMONGERY, CUTLERY,: CARPENTERS' TOOLS, BUTCH BU S' TOQIiS, &c.; At A • GRE-A', REDUCTI.OV 1'N' ?nICE. H2w«J*<£sat6 Merchandise. PETEU THOMSON'S celebrated Braceless Trow serB, large assortment (own make), samples in window. Opposite ' Age,' Melbourne, 9f)7-12may TOBACCO! CIGARS! SNUFF! Wholesale and Retail, A T . , BUSCIIMAN, HICKS, AND CO's., View Point Corner, next to Boyd and Harris, ! and at Epsom, opposite the Shamrock Hotel. I ft returning thanks to their friends and thepublie of ■ Bendigo, for their liberal patronage during the last 15 months, the Advertisers beg to announce that that they have on Sale, u« present, the finest quality of American Tobacco of any house on Bendigo, and a ehoicc selection of Havanna Cigars to defy all compe tition. A great variety of Cut Tobacco always on hand, eat to order expressly for their own trade, lrom the finest American Tobacco, in packets and canisters of all sizes to suit purchasers.' • A large assortment of Real Meerschaum PIPES.' Choice Imported SN UFFS, English, Scotch Si German. B., H., and Co also beg to acquaint the public that every article of their stock is carefully selected by their Firm in Melbourne, and their customers may therefore rely upon a constant supply of articles of the jmost genuine and finest quality. , N.B.—Retailing at Melbourne Prices. BUSCFIMAN, HICKS, AND CO. 4ian24 C< AND I. S. DAVIS and CO. beg to inform the /» _ Storekeepers of Sandhurst and the surrounding Districts that they have completed their arrangements for the summer season, and have taken especial cure to lay iu only such Goods as ate necessary for the same. C. and I. S. D. anri Co. would call the attention of their supporters to the facility they have in supplying their wants of . EVEIO DESCRIPTION' OF MERCHANDISE, being manufacturers anil exporters to this colony for the last fourteen years, thereby enabling them to judge of the necessary description of goods lequired for the ditl'erent seasons of the year. C. and I. S. D. and Co. tako t]ie present opportunity of thanking their friends and supporters for the very liberal patronage hitherto bestowed on them, and beg to assure tlieir customers that they will endeavor to continue to merit their support, by fully carrying out as WHOLESALE STOREKEEPERS, the principles npon which they commenced, viz.—by soiling the best article at the lowest remunerative price. The Wine and Spirit Department, which branch of the business they fully enter into this year, will be found 011 trial to be ol the choicest selection. The Groceries, Ironmongery, Slops, Manchester Goods, Boots and Shoes, and General Merchandise have been selected with the greatest cars, every article being warranted of the best description, and imported direct from some of the First Houses, both ia Eughmd and America. The Colonial Productions they are in weekly receipt of from Adelxide, Sydney, New Zealand, Hobart Town, and the up-country, thus enabling them to defv com petition, uf which fact tliev solicit one trial sit tlie LONDON MART, PALL MALL. The Stock consists of— Best Adelaide flour, in 50, 100, and 200-lb. bugs Chili do. do. do, -Light-eotiritei-siignr, 1st and 2nd qualities Dark Mauritius do, 1st and 2nd do Cossipnre and crystalled do English loaf do Broken do do Congou teas, first chop, in chests, half-chests, quarter-chests, and caddies Coffee in canisters, 1, 2, C and 12-lb. tins Do loose Prime York and Wiltshire haras Do boneless bacon, English thin middles Patna rice Do double dressed, in lewt. bags Dried apples (this season's) I Double rose Cork butter, (this season's)— | Gould's and Honan's, brands Oats, V. D. L. and N. Z, Scotch Oats Best Adelaide bran . Bottled fruits—Why brow's, Cross and Black-. well's. Feast's, and Batty'a Capers Pickles, rints and quarts, Whybrow.s and Feast's ■funis and jellies, in I-lb. iars Sauces, assorted Salad oils, in pints and half-pints Castor du do do Vinegar—quarts in oases and draught Mustard,'in Lib. and libs. Do (Coleman's) in 7-lb. tins Coleman,s starch Glenfield do Pearl bavley Best Scotch oatmeal Patrass currants, (new fruit) Kleme and Muscatel raisins Pudding do Soft shell almonds Barcelona Nuts Biscuits in tins Candles Trice's Belmont sperm, i\To. l Hale's do du French sperm Colonial mould Cheese. 1 Wiltshire loaf Double Gloucester, stilton,and cheddar, iu S|lb, 1011Y63 Salmon In lib. tins I.oustur do Salt, coarse and fine Irish pickled pork Mess pork Prime Irish do Best Kent hops Beat London soap., in J-cwt, boies Coluuial do, "m i ci\ t. do Tobacco. 6\. Twist Cavendish, " Crape brand" Cigars, Cti Das mid tiitvatikk Do Manillas, No. 3 Quicksilver Panama hats Cabbago tree do Hrah and Manila do Boots and Shoes in great variety Clothing ol' c.vorv description Manilla rope, various sitoa American shovels, D H Long handled shovels Axes and pioks, Collins' and Simmons' And, A variety of miscellaneous articles too nume rous to advertise. .Wines and Spirits, Brandy, U. V. and Marteils. in bulk and case Old torn, in bulk, Booth's, Nicholson's, and Pigeon's Do case do do Geneva gin, Anchor and Key brands Sherry, in bulk and case, best brands Tort, dQ do do Champagne, pints and 4-pints, in do* cases' Claret Sauterne Cherry cordials Scotch whiskey Irish da W. I. rum Bulk ale <\nd *p0rter> best brauds . ale and porter, do &o.; &c.; <to. All goods will ho guaranteed, and delivered if re quired, bv C. & I. S. DAVIS and CO., Wholesale General Merchants and Importers, LONDON MAK'f, PALL MALL, Ap Merchandise. GENTLEMAN'S CLOTHING—Ever}' description ready-made. Garments to order on six hours, uotice. Peter Thomson, opposite ' Age.' 956-12mny Bendigo glass depot, adjoining the Parsonage, Sandhurst, Sheet, colored, and ornamental glass cut to any size. Pnppr-hsnuinivH. oils, colors, &c.; 91-30 jan 57 SANDS & KENNY beg to inform the Storekeepers and Public generally of Bendigo and surrounding districts, that they have opened a Branch Establish ment at the corner of Pall Mull and Bull-street, Sand hurst, for the sale of all kinds of Stationery and Books, wholesale and retail. S. & K. would particularly direct attention to thoic stock of Account Books, consisting of Ledgers, double and single Cash Books, do do Journals Day Books Waste do Order do Minute do. Invoice do. Guard do. Bill do: payable and receivable Pocket ledgors, with and without locki Memorandum books Pass books Metallic memorandums Books mwle to order, ruled and printed to any pattern Alfo, Letter and note piper of every description Foolscap, ruled and plain Envelopes, cream, blue audbiiff, all sizai Quill nnd steel.pens Blotting port- folio# Do - - pads Wax and wafers Ink, black, red, and blue black, in large and small buttles Pewter, glass, and ebony inkstands, in great variety Twine boxes Cash bowls Ca«h boxes Letter clips J'.lastii; bi'rnls Ce. !lir paper stands Lett's diaries Musio paper, 12 stave Music portfolios Playing cards Parlor and Railway Library novels, in great • variety Bentley's novels Wavcrly do., in 5 vols. Commercial Books Draw ing materials School books Wruppiug papeta &o.;, &c;„ &c.; Storekeepers and the trade supplied at Melbourne VV holesa'e Prices. SANDS AND KENNY, Sandhurst Stationery Warehouse, Pall Mall, Sandhurst. 240,9 LAMP, Vaint, and Machinery Oils. Also, ..best English Wnite Lead and Turps. Wholessle and retail at the Bendigo Oil Store, 95 Bridge-street. •_ 239:8 april TAK. TAB. TAR. „ The finest. Stockholm Tar for Sale at the Bendigo Oil Store, Bridge-street. 838,8 april GLASS. PLATE, CKOWK, AND SHEET, Cut to all Sizes. Colored nnd Enamelled Glass, Glazed Sashes, PAPERHANGINGS. The Largest, Best, and Cheapest Stock on the Goldfielue. PAINTS, OILS, COLORS, VARNISHES, All other Materials in the Trade. BRUSHES, COMBS and TOOLS of all De scriptions. MACIIIXE and LA.MP OILS of the Finest Quality. The Bi"-,h Ai tides at the Lowest Prices. REEVE, MuDuy-street, opposite Freemason's Hotel. mo,w,sat,&wk;,581 Trade Addresses. ^ NOTICE. Q ZAHlilNGER, Watchmaker and Jeweller, will O • still contiuue business as u3ual at Bridge-street, opposite the Police Court. 1179,30 jan. JOSEPH AND CO., 'watchmakers; And Manufacturing Goldsmiths, PALL MALL & VIEW POINT, HAVE made large additions to their stock, and can now ofl'er tor selection a spleudid assortment of Watches and Jewellery, all of the very newest designs, and especially adapted for CHRISTMAS & NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS.3 135c OLUDWIG, Watohumker, Jeweller and Encrraver, • Pali Mail, and opposite tho Shamrook Hotel, I'.psora. . 136c BROCKLEBANK, AUCTIONEER, COMMISSION , AND LAND AGENT, Market Square. 9S8-malO LIVERY STABLES, Bendivjo Ilorse Bazaar, \\\7M. EDMONDSO.N boys to call the attention of »V Stockholders to the superior accommodation he has for stabling, jurdinc. and breaking of young horses. Hacks and harness horse* always on hire. Horse:, bought or ■«) *1 privately. Advances made un mobs of horses for sale. 8(15mar8 N. E M SI ETT'S 0 F F 1 C E, AT THX BENDIGO Hi USE BAZAAR, Pall Mall, SAND lid RST. Wo MR. A. HA" i'LEY, Architect, Surveyor, and Valuer, oHtae, I'all Mull, next (jatnpion'l Sture. Plans, specifications, and estimates prepared for buildings ; laud surveyed, subdivided &c.; 323,14ian E. Cattle for Sale. NOTICE. PARTIES requiring Fat Cattle in mobs from Ave to one hundred, at any time, can have them sup; plied on application to MARTIN & WHITE, Butchers, Back Greek, Bendigo, November 26th, 1855, I6).'e NOTICE, PART 1KS requiring Fat Cattle in -mobs from fire to ono hundred, oali have thorn supplied at any time, on application to Mr. KEIGHRAN, Ate Dale Hotel. December 30th, 1850. 152a -\TIGHT Soil or other offensi.e matter removed on jLN the shortest notice, by R. Taylor, Licensed Nightman, top of Mitchell- street. Orders .left; at , Brig's, Wheelwright, Viow Place, ... - .J N.U.—Carta made expressly for the work. - ■ 