SYDNEY SHIPPING. (Abridged from the Berala and Empire.) ABBlVALS. April 10.-Grafton (s ), 210 lons, Captain Wiseman from the Clarence Klror the Oth instant, with IS pas- sengers. IS.-City of Sydney (s.), 731 tons, Captain R. T. Moodie, from Melbourne 18th Instant, with 60 passen- gers. ».-Waratah (a,), SOO tons. Captain Knight, from ff Ido Bay 10th instant, with 14 passengers. 19 April "L. A. Bang" Swedish Ship. 609 tons, Captain Bostrom, from London 13th January. 20.-Priuds Oscar, Danish ship, 70S tons, Captain Thorson, from Antwerp 10th December. * Passengers Mrs. Thorson, and 2 children. DEPASTURES. April l8.-Lord Warriston, from Hong Kong. l8.-Bonnie Doon, for Moreton Bay. l8 -Wonga Wong«, (s,), for Melbourne. 19.-Vulture, lor the South Seat. i 19.-Waterloo, tor London. 20.-Pearl, for l'ort Fairy. 20.-St. Anne, for Batava. 20.-Ariel, for Twofold Bay. 20.-John Knox, for tho South Sea Islands. ABBITALS OF COASTBBS. « April l8.-Williams (a.), from Morpeth, with 1« bags malsu, S bags onions, S bags flour, S cases eggs, 122 trusses hay, 4 casks, 2 cheats, and one box ; Thlstls (t ), from the Hunter Uiver, with 10 bales wool, 93 hides, 94 bags malte, 44 trusses bay, 13 cases bricks, 3 bags bran, 30 bags oysters, I calf, 1 keg butter, 2 cases eggs, aud sundries ¡ Hetculean, Brothers, Sea Gall, Lavinia, Margaret, Australia, Anne, and Perseverance from New- castle, with 690 tons coals, 20.-Collaroy (s.), from Morpetb, with 122 trusses hay, 1 box pigs, 1 keg butter, 20 bags malro, 7 casks tallon, 2bales wool, and sundries; Hunter (s.l, from Morpeth, with 44 trunes hay, 12 bags malts, 110 sheep, 4 horses, l8 boga oysters, 4 pigs, 1 cask wine, and sun- dries | Shamrock, Black Diamond, and Vision, from Newcastle, with 307 tons coala. The "L. A. Bang" reports having spoken the "Charlotte Ann", with immigrants from London to Sydney on the I 10th March, in latitude 40"43 S, longitud 65°E, all well. ,,Tba Julia Augusta sailed for Sydney, and the Salem ' for Melbourne, on the 4fh of February from Liverpool. Mklsodbhe,-Arwvals.-April 14 : Olttiona and ' Calliance,' from London ; Sabrina, from Southampton ; > 13 ; Bee and Sea Lark, from Liverpool ; Hebe, from (London ; 16: Lightning, 68 days from Liverpool. Loss of The Archimedes.-Extract from an official letter received from the British Consul at Tahiti, dated 12th March, 1857:- I beg to report for the Information of those interested that the schooner Archimedes....... was wrecked on the night of the 27th January last, on one of the Paumotu or Low Islands, believed to be that called Teku or Gloucester (about 400 miles E.S.E. of Tahiti), whilst in the prosecution of a voyage from Valparaiso towards Melbourne, laden with flour, bran, and seven bales of straw hats, ....... The loss of the Archimedes seems evidently attributable to an error in the master's chart (viz. Norrie's) of the Southern Pacific Ocean, of 1825, with additions of 1839 and 1844. Tua Nbw Stbàm Battery,-Tho great iron war , steamer which Is now in comtruotlon nt Hoboken for the Government, being an object ot much interest, wo hare been at considerable pains to collect relintilu in- formation In regard to her, principally through tho ¡medium of our Washington correspondents; and, as it differs very materially from the statements recently * made In various quarters, wo give it to our readers. In 1842 the late Mr. Bobert L. Stevens first broached I to tbe Government the subject of barbour defonco by means ot steam batteries of iron, which should be shot and sholl proof, and In 1813, Congress, by n|special act, ' directed that the Navy Department should commet with him for such n vessel. In 1844 a contract »as accord- ingly made with him by Mr. Mason, thoo Secretary of ' the Navy, under which Mr, Stevens commenced collect- ing materials and constructing tho dry dock in which , the vessel.is now building. Mr. Stevens bound himself by this contract to construct n wor-stesmor suitable for use In the waters of New York, from Sandy Hook up- ward. It was stipulated that the should be built of iron, that ahe should bo shot nnd shell proof ngnlnst ordnance then In use on snips of war, that she should have four englnos, and be propelled by a submerged propeller whioh should give great speed, Her dimen- sions nero to be not less than 2S0 feet in length and 40 feet beam, and her cost, complote, including an armn , ment of not less than six heavy guns, was not to exceed , 087,001) dollars. For the faithful fulfilment of thlt con '* tract the Government required and received from Mr. Stevens ample security, as it waa further stipulated thnt .paymouta ahould be made to bim at ho proceeded with ?'the construction up to 300,000 dollars, and that the rc i malnlng 87,000 dollara should be paid when the ship , waa completed and received. Mr. Slovens encountered many difficulties in making hie preliminary arrange ' ments, and it wa* not until July, 1834, that the actual construction wss commenced. Meuntlino ho had du. -elded, after more fully studying the subject, to increase the dimensions of the venol very much, Instead of a ' length of 230 feet, tbo is nearly 420 feet long, and her c other dimensions are increased In proportion. Instead of four engines and one propellor, ano has eight engines " and two propellers. Her boilers are ten in number, of large dimenilons, and her power will be nearly equal td 9000 horses. The vessel Is In a very advanced state, and the machinery and boilers and dependencies aro all complete and in place. Owing to her greatly-Increased dimensions beyond tboso stipulated for In tho contract, i the coat will be much increased, but bow much wo aro not able to state. The payments by the Qovernment cannot exceed 300,000 dollars until tho vessel Is de- livered and received, union Congress should mako further appropriations. Since the comtruotlon was commenced, the original projector, Mr. Robert L, Stevens, has died, but it is slated that hit brother, Mr. ' E, A. Stevens. Is determined to complete the vessel ; ? that a good feroe Is now at work, under the same general supervision which has been employed from the . commencement. Mr. Stevens ia prosecuting the work ' from his own resources, we are told, in the fullearon fidence that tho ship will in all respects meet publia expectation, and that Congress will not suffer him to ?.'?'.'- .?«« in.. -Jnu.£un mrur. BUBUlltl lilly iu».-aiwiM.T,«,T.. Sal» of Steamers.-Iho two steamers of the Laun- ceston Steam Navigation Company were sold this day by Mr. W. T. Bell, at hit rooms. Tho Uoyal Shepherd , was bought by Mr. Alderman Crookes for £1000, and the Blsck Swnn by Mr. Douglas, M.H.A., for £4300, The sale is bona Ade, and we hear the vessels have been purchased for a private company, couilating of several individuals, who will keep them lo the trade.-¿aim ' eeiton Examiner. . Jomotiow or Tn« Atlantic ans Pacific-Another effort is about to be made to unito the Atlantlo and tho PaoirJc oceana by a aliip canal. The present under- taking it under the management of Mr. Kelly, an American gentleman of great energy of character and , Interprise. He is now In Taris, intent on obtaining the direct personal approbation and encouragement of his Majesty the Emperor, who It knowu to take a deep in- terest in a prejeot which has every now nnd then occu- pied the attention of the maritime suites of Europo for some hundreds of years. Like Dr. Cullen, Mr. Kelly ' proposes that the canal thsll bo without locks or demi, ile proposes to commence on the Atlantic aide, on the . Bay ot Candelaria, ascending the Atrato river for a dis- tance of sixty-throe miles, to Its junction with tho river Truando, ead thenee for thirty-eight miles, when he will make a cut through te Kelly's Inlet, n further dlstnnoo of twenty-four miles, lo the Pacific Oman. This plan involves, however, what will be considered nu objection, namely, a tunnel three miles long, but this is, in fact, a ' matter of comparatively small moment when tho c,reat importanco nnd gigantic nature of the undertaking is considered. A canal to allow »hips to cross the Isthmus from one ocean to tbo other, thus «voiding the delay and perils of the voyage round Cape Horn, is indied, a work of universal interest, mid one in which every maritime power In Europo nnd America should lend everf eccouragemont, aud, if ueeossary, assistance. If such an undertaking be cnrrled out successfully, its commercial Importanco will be linmenie, In fact, Is Incalculable, and its political influence will be immense Morning Chronicle, 19/4 January. 