?AM> by ¿.notion. TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. Preliminary Notice. ¡To iho Boot and Shoe Trade, Clothiers. Store.s koopors, and all Concerned. »"»". T LYONS and CO. have received V . Instructions to ee'l at the New Commercial' Eales Room, on Tuesday, 29th tost., at half-past ton o'clock, sharp, > i . r »ICO casts of clothing and boots. -. " " . , For Po-lUve Solo. - - . All first-class goods. Btortkeepers would do well to attend this salo, as nil,the goods aro to bo Sold Without Reservo, for Cath. Full particulars in to-morrow's issue. 6566 i "WEDNESDAY, 80th DECEMBER. Continuation of Salo of the extensivo Stock of Jewel- lery, Watches, Plato, Plated ArticIos,4,c, belonging toMr. Freoman¿ No. 74 Elizabeth-street, who isretir ine from business, and about returning to England I LYONS and CO. will sell by ti , auction, on Wodnesday 80th inst., at the Now Commercial Bales Room, Bourke-street, at olovon o'clock, Wbero the whole has boen removed forth o convert ei te of aale, ^~ *6J?0? ^?rth of Diamond nnd other Jowollory, Plato, Plated Articles, dto, comprising WatohoB, by Dont, Barwiso, and others of the most OBtoomod makors, including Gold hunting lover watehes Silver do , Gold and sliver opon faco levers Do do vorgo watob.es , Do hunting and open faco Genova watohos . Silver do do Ladles' hoop diamond rings ., Do diamond and ruby do Do do and pearl do 1 Do do and opal do Do do and emorald do . Do do bracelots Do do brooches _ i~Do do earrings Do do armlets and sots Gont's do Blnglo-stono rings, of finest water Do do cluster do 'Do do studs Do do broast-plns Do colonial gold ringa Do English do do Do nugget pins Do colonial and English shirt Btuds Colonial aud English gold locket and miniature, rings Ladies' and gentlemen's mourning rings Gold pen oil cases Do. tooth-picks Silver pencil casos Do snuffboxes Do tea and coffee services Do spoons and forks Plated toa and coffeo services Soup turtons . Salad stands j Corner dishes Liquor frames Cruet and liqueur frames I Coko and fruit baskets , Flowor vases 3 and Olight candolabra Chamber and pillar candloatioks, snuffers, and trays Children's mugs and cups Butter-coolers Silvor knives, forks, and spoens A great variety of the ,best description of gold * platedjovtellory Musical boxes Bracket, lover and other clocks Bullion and assay scales and weights. And a varloty of other valuablo stock too numerous to particularise Sale to commence at eleven o'clock to a mlnutp. N B. Catalogues aro now in course of preparation, and may bo bad at the rooms of the auctioneers to- morrow, Tuesday._ 6569 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. ' 74 Trunks of Boots and Shoes. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at tho Mart, on Tuesday, 20th inst, at eleven o'clock, Without any Seserve, 74 Trunks of Suporior Boots and Bhoes. Comprising Gents'best calf wellingtons Do do do prince's boots Do do patent w ollingtons Do do do prince's boots I)o do do elastic boots Do do patent do do BcBtcalf bluchers Do kip do Boy's and youth's do Army bluchers Strong laco ups Womens' best cloth boots, elastic Do do do sido lace Do do calf lice do Do do cashmore do Do do colored do do Do do patent calf shoes Girls colored and black cashmere boots Childrens balmorals ¡ Do patent calf straps Men's carpot slippers. Womens'do do _Terms at Sale. -_6554 MONDAY, 4 th JANUARY. To Parties Engaged in Quartz-Crushing and Othors Requiring First-class Steam Engines. Tor Sale by Auction on the Premisos, 100 Lons dale-Btreet west. FRASER and COHEN are instructed) to sell by auction, at tho promises, 100 Lons- dale street west, on Monday, 4th January/at twolve 'clock, " , 1 first-class steam engine, 26-horse power 1 do do, 20 do do 1 do do, 16-do do 1 do do, 10-do do 1 do do, 8 do do 1 do do, 6-do do ' 1 do do, 8 do do .. 1 8 horso, Clayton and Shuttleworth^ 1 bone mill, pump, hoso, &o.; 1 fire ongine (first-class) ' 1 portable crane 1 saw mill, deal frame and engine complete 1 largo deal frame A largo quantity of wrought welded plplntr < ' Do patent'galvanlBCd Iron. Terms at Sale. 5336 TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER. 200 cases St Julien Claret. TIT M. TENNENT and CO. are in Ti % atruotedto sell by auction, at their room», Collins-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst ,at twelve o'clock, 200 cases Bt. Julien claret, 1 dozen each. j Term» at Balo_5538 " TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER, 80 Cases Half Sardines, 60 Do Quarter Do To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. aie in . strueted to BOU by auction, at their room«. Collins Btroot, on Tuesday, 29th inst., at twelve o'clock, 80 cases, each 100 half tins, Dubris, Allein, and Co. 00 do, do 100 quarter do, B Bassett. Terms at Sale_5688 TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER. Port Wine. Claret, &o.; Io Wine and Spirit MorchantB, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Othors. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell » by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at twelve o'clock, 4 hhds very fine old sort 9 quarter-casks do do i 200 casos St. Julien claret 76 do champagne. _Terms at Bale._5437 *- TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER. 84 Tons Adelaide Flour, Various Brands. To Merchants, Bakers, Storokeopers, Dealers, and Others W' M. TENNENT and CO. have . received instructions to soil by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 29th inst, at t n olve o'clock, 84 tonB Adolaide Hour. _Terms at Balo._5487 " TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER. 100 Tons Chilian Flour. To Merchants, Bakers, Storekeoporu, nnd Others, WM. TENNENT und CO. are . instructed to sell by auction, at tholr rooms. CollinB Btreot, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at twolve o'clock, 100 tons Chilian flour. Terms at Bale._5487 1 TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER. 10 Caroteels Patras Currants. To GrocorB, Confectioners, StorekeoperB, Dealers, ond Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. are . instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins atreot, on Tuesday, 20th inst, at twelve o'clock, " j, ,. 10 caloteóla Patras currants, very Uno new fruit, and only just landed. Terme at Sale._5487 TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER. Household Furniture Pianoforte, Poultry, &o.; , TX7" M. TENNENT and CO. Lave re TT * celved instructions from the proprietor, ?who 1B leaving the colony for Europe, to sell by auction, on the premises, 28 Cardigan-street, near J Blgncll's Hotel, on Tuesday, 29th inst., at one o'eloek, Tho whole of his household furniture, ice., ,'com Mahogany spring-seat sofa , Do chairs and tables Paintings and engravings An oxcellont cottage pianoforte, in rosowooci MUBlO-BtOOlS ' Canterbury and whatnot ? Reading-lamps Flower-vases, in glass shades Mahogany wardrobe . Marble-top washstond and Borvioe ¡ CheBts of drawers Bedsteads and hair mnitrowes , KkÄal^riet-framo, pint and^tri RicliMtdaret-jug, tumblors, wInoi,h ofe.sUwt and ohampagno glasses. Also, About60 head of cholee poultry._487_ "THURSDAY, J81st DECEMBER. New Year's Gifts, Fuschias. FuBchlas. i To the Lovers and Admlrore of Flowers. WT M. TENNENT and CO. have re W a celved instructions from tbo grower to soil by auction, at their rooms, CoUlns-Btreot, on Thura- í dai, autlnrt, at twelve o'clock, . 7 did assortment of specimen fuseho,, la bloom, such as have never boen oira-o d to the Melbourne public, comprising »li tho newest and choicest favorites, receutlyi ra ported from England. Terms at Sale. E55I ?ale* »y Auction, I TUESDAY, 2Sth DECEMBER J 9 Quarter Casks Pale Brandy 1Í4 Baskets Champagne 80 Pockets Hops; , 80,000 Cigars J*^ To Storekeepers, Dearer«, and Others. W M TENNENT and CO are ? » . instructed to sell by auction, at their room ? Collins street, on Tuesday, 29th tost, at twel v 0 crock, 10 qr -casks pale brandy 24 baskets champagne £0 pockets hops 80,000 cigare. _,_Terms at Sale._So38 TUESDVY, 20th DECEMBER 200 Boxes Candles 2 TODB Mauritius Sugar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM TENNENT and CO have ,. , . received instructions to sell by auction, at weir rooms, Colline street, on Tuesday, 20th lnbt. at twelve o'clock, £00 boxes candles 2 tons Mauritius sugar. _Terms at Sale_6667 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER Bottled Fruits _ " Tea To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Othors ty M TENNENT and CO aie T t inetruetod to sell by auction, at their rooms. Collina Btreet, on Tuesday, 29th lust, at twelve o clock, 60 cases Heskoth, Davis, and Co'a bottlod fruits 60 half chests tea Terms at Sale_ 6667 "" WEDNESDAY, 80th DECEMBER" ~" To Storekeepers, Dealors, and Others Extensivo Clearing Out Solo SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesd ty, 30th inst, at twelve o'clock, To clear out the premisos at present in thoir ocou patton previous to removing to thoir now premisos in Collins street, the undermentioned merchandise Beore, Wines, &c; 1,200 cases Brj ant and Davies' bottled stout 600 casks and coses Byass's stout 1SS hhaa TotJey s Yorkshire alo, In primo order 20 do Sheffield ale 160 COBOS port wine 0 qr casks sherry hhds shorry ,-0 cases cliarapagno do old tom qr -casks genova Giocorics ases sublimate, corrosive boxes soap ases salad oil 20 caseB sardines 20 do preserved meats, A,c 20 casks flour and oatmeal i tierce tobacco, &c; Ironmongery Ware. 10 cases pit, circular, and cross cut saws 60 hhds hollowwaro £0 do tinware 3 do sad irons, lanterns, &c; 1 do curled hair 4 coses assorted ironmongery 100 dozen strapped and other spades 200 do long handled shovels, seed sowers Iron gates, hurdles, &c; Sundries 15 packages .of glass and blue pot enamolled stock Glass rolling pins, glass tiles, sashes, &c; Cisterns, ic 20 crates sodawator bottlos 30 casks tumblers, decantors, &o; O packages freck coats, cotton drawers, water- proof clothing, 4.C 26 bales papor. &o; Terms at Sale_6537 THURSDAY, 81st DECEMBER " To Cabinetmakers, Upholsterers Furnituro Dealers, and Parties Furnishing largo Clearing out Salo Previous to Removal SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on ïhursdoy 3lBt inst, at tw elvo o clock, To facilitate removal to thoir now premises, in Collins Btreet, -"AJnrgo and splendid assortment of furniture, com- prising Canopy bedstoads Arabian do, with furnituro completo French do do ?Drawing room suites Easy chairs Pianofortes Canterburj s Whatnots Pier and dressing glasscB Chests of drawers Wardrobes Presses i CoucheB Bookcases Cheffioniers I Prints and paintings Ottomans Hassocks Parlor lamps Office furniture _ Ladies' workboxes Do do tables Do do dressing cases Clocks Rosen ood and walnut occasional tables -. Loo and dining do j Dumb waiters One case children s perambulators Also, A quantity of secondhand furnituro _Term» at Sale_5637 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER, To Speculators, Newly Arrived Immigrants and Others Extensive Sale of 182 Valuable Building Allotments, at Queenstown near the Saltwater River SYMONS and PERRY Lave leceived instructions from tho owner to soil by auction, at the Commercial Salos Room, on Tuesday, 29th inst, at twelvo o clock, All that valuable piece or parcol of land, being part of section 7, parish of Cut-Paw Paw, and known as \- Queenstown on tho Saltwater River, subdivided into convenient lotB as follows - Lots Nos 1 to 21 Have each frontages to streets 50 feet wido of 66 feet, by a splendid depth of 140 foot Lots No» 1,10, 13 and 22 are valuable corner lots, having frontages of 60 feet Lots 23 to 83 Save each frontages of 00 feet, by a depth of 182 .?- ' Lots 84 to 65 Have each frontages of 66 feet, by a depth cf 140 , there are also somo valuable corner lots in this block Lots £6 to 66, Having each a frontage to Julivstreet of 60 feet, by a depth of 132 feet Lots 67 to 88 Each having a frontage of 60 feet to Lynch and Julia streets, by a depth of 140 foot LoU 80 to 99, Each having a frontago of 66 feet to Julia-Btreet, by A depth of 182 feet Lots 100 to 121. SomoTvery valuable allotments, each having a fron tage of C6 foot to Lynch and Julia streets, by a depth Of 140 feet, close to the Saltwater River Lots 122 to 132 Each of those allotments havo a frontago of 60 feet, by a splendid depth of 182 foot TerniB Liberal, declared at Sale The auctioneers wish to call tho attention of tho public to-tho above favorable opportunity for pur chasing property in snob, a very rapidlv rising town- ship as the abovo, being Bituatod closo to tho Grand Junction Railway Station, And closo to tho Punt Inn. and thoiFunt, on the Salt- water River The whole of tho land is high and dry, ard commands a splendid viow of Melbourno, St Kilda, Brighton, Williamstown, apd all the Surround ing country, and .is situated within half an hour F drive of the Great Metropolis With a capital macdamlsed road the whole of the way* \--Title irst-rate - -_6008 decl2 It 16 19 21 28 2628 29 j MONDAY. 4th JANUARY, 1858 Important Sale of Valuable City and St Kilda Freehold Property To Capitalists, Speculators, and Othors Eden Terrace, St Kilda, and Stores in Bourke atreol. oast SYMONS and PERRY are favpiod with instructions from Mr Thomas Edens, who is about proceeding to England, to submit to ptiblia competition, at their now auction mart Collins street, on Monday, 4th January, 1858, at twelve o clock The pndermentioned Freehold Properties - All that newly erected and valuab o property tituated In Dalgety street, St. Kilda, known as J EDEN TERRACES OonBlsUnfofelghtaubttantiallybuiltandgentool family residences, each containing ten commodious apart- ments, with good brick built Btable, ooachhouse, hay loft,! and croom« slMpiu/r-rootn, the whole having n verandah at the front and back, and thoroughly well finished lu every roapodt Dimensions of land- 200 feet frontage by a depth of 160 fevt to a rlght-of way These houses are at present all under lease to respeo table tenants, aud producing an aggregate reniai of £2,000 per annum, which will be considerably in creased .at the expiration of the exieting leases-expir- ing in about three months »9 - Lot 2. All that pieoe or parcel of land, having a frontage of 120 feet to Dalgety «troet, by a depth of 160, imme- diately adjoining the above-mentioned property , Together with . A comfortable Iron house, erected on tho same ; the ' land Zeitig laid out as a garden, and well-stockod with choice fruit trees of various kinds, as well as flowers and shrubs A considerable portion of the purohaso-tooney of these lot« may remain on the mortgage for two y oar J, at JO per cent I Lot 3, Bourke-street Property, All those very recently and Substantially orccted tenements, numbered 168 and 170 Bourke street mt, each having » frontage ol 28 feet by a depth of 77 and 90 feet to a right-of way st the rear NoJ 168 is at present occupIod,by Mernis. Roper and Berry, and No 170 is divided into two tenement?, the whole producing an annual rental of £1,040 Title Unexceptionable In calling the attention of the public to this sale the auctioneer» request the inspection of the pro- perties by Intending purchasers ; that at St Kilda, beint piont delightfully situated overlooking the Bay, in convenient proximity to the Railway Station, and surrounded by the residences of the elite of this favored watering-place, which is being daily rendered more enjoyable by the various public works nowin courte of completion 1 be Bom ke street property needs no comment tho doily increasing traffic and business In this particular part of the city being unmistakeable 1 Terms of payment mav be known on application t c auctioneer». *318 Salea by Anotion. MONDAY, 4th JANUARY. To Merchants, Speculators, PorsonB Booking Invest- ment?, and Ol hen Valuable Freehold Cltj Property, _ _ . -. - Situato m Flinders lane, Produoing a Rentahof £000 nor Annum. T SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from O. Neubaues, Esq. to sell by "auction, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 4th January, at twolvo o'clock, All that valuable pleco or parcel of land having a> fiontago of 28 feet to Flindors-lano, by a depth of 147 feet 0 inches to a right-of-way at tho roar loading into a iight-of way loading from Fllndors-streot to Fllnors Irne. On tho pleco of land is erected a substantial Blucstono Storo, < f three stories, and 75 foot in length, built of the bett bluostono and firebricks, and capable of storing 2,000 Tons Merchandise, ia v> eil fitted for a bonding storo, and has a powerful lifting appaiatus. Tho ground floor of this splendid st oro is asphalted. Also All that pleco or parcel of land having a frontage of 28 feet to Bowdon-lano by a depth of 25 foot to a right of-way. On this property is ereotod two substantial Irick-built| cottages, now lot to respectable tenant», and producing a good rental. Torms Llboral, Declared at Sale. The auctioneers beg to call the particular attention of the publie to tho above sale of valuable city property, situated in ono of tho best buBlnosB plaoos in the City of Melbourne, is well and faithfully built of tbo bost materials, and could command a rental of about £800 per Annum, Either as a bonded store or as merchants' storoa. _Title Guaranteed._6537 TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER. Valnablo Froohold Property at St. Kilda. G cn tool Family Residenoe on tho Beach-road, St. Kilda SYMONS and PERRY aro instruoted by tho owner, who is about to leave tho colony, to submit to publia competition, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on Tuesday, 28th Ina!, at twolvo o'clock, All that pleco or parcel of land, having a frontago of 62} links to the Beach- road, St. Kilda, by depth of 264 foot, boing part of Allotmont E, of tion No. 72 of tho parish of Prahran. I , Togothor with A substantial brick house and promises erooted the carno, at presont In tho occupation of Honry Burgo, Etq., whOBo lease expires on tho 10th July noxt ensuing. , This doslrablo property adjoins the property of G. K. Brodribb, Esq., and la surrounded by thoresidoncos of other highly.rospootablo and Influential inhabitants of St. Kilda. i For particulars of tltlo application to bo made to G. S. W. Horne, Esq , solloitor, Quoen-stroot. , Torms at Salo. 6411 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. On tho Australian Wharf. 13,614 Pieces Timber, ' Cargo ex Fair Wind, from Pugot Sound. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and Othors. WEASEY and CO. Lave received . instructions from Messrs. Dalgety, Craik shank, and Co., to sell by auction, on the Aus- tralian Wharf, so soon as landod, of which duo notice Will bo glvon, 1 Ex Fair Wind, 13,614 piceos timber, consisting of i Deals, joists and scantling, baulk timber, 2-inch I plank, 1-inch rough- boards, li inch, 2} Inab, and 1$ inch planks, 1,808 bundles pickets, &c.; Further Particulars and Torras in Futuro Advertlse i monts 5246 UNAVOIDABLY POSTPONED TO TUESDAY, 20th I DECEMBER. Extensivo Sale of Superior Furnituro, from tho colo ibratcd Houso of Mossrs. William Smooand Sons, justorrivod, ox Noptuno's Favorito. To Furnituro Dealers, Families Furnishing, and I Others. WEASEY and CO. liave received . instruction froto tho Importers to «eli by auction, at thoir mart, 88 Collins stroot west, on Tuesday, 28th inBt, at twelve o'olock, | The following superior seloction of English-made furniture, comprising I S in diamond, G at side, § 1-1 mahogany 5 ft x 2 ft, 8, socretary, on 1 pedestals, fitted with sixteen drawers, tho insldo of desk fitted with pigeon-holos and small drawers, Unod and Fronoh-po > llsbod compioto 2-1 do, do, do I 8-2 mahogany bold moulded and oarvod-baek lounge chairs, with carved stumps, stuffed, and covored in morocco leather 4-4 gondola lounge chairs, btuffed and covered In leather, complete 5 and 6-8 do, do, do 7-12 mahogany parlor chairs, stuffed and co- vored in hair seating 8 and 0-24 do, do, do 18-2 do hair-seated sofas ' 14-2 do do do couchos , 15-2 do do do sofas, carved backs 16-6 mahogany loo tables, on pillars, 4 ft. 17-0 do do do, do, do . 1 18-1 do 6 ft. secretary, on pedestal, complote i 19-1 mahogany 5 foot pedestal offico table, I fitted with drawers, cupboards, &c.; | 20-2 do 4-feot pedestal writing-tables, Dttod ' with drawers ¡ 21-2 do do do, do do ' 22-12 do bedstcps, 3 and 2 steps 1 28-25 children's mahoganv and birch ohairs and stools, cane seats I 24-10 mahogany dressing glaseos, 22 x IO and l8 X14, carved standards 26-20 do do do, 14x10 and 16x11, shaped I standards I 26 to 28-18 gardon seats, Crystal Palaoo shapo, 27 biron cano-back folding arm chairs 29-12Smee'u spring mattrcssos, Tucker's pa i tent, 8 to 6 feet j 80-2 mahogany 4 feet chiffoniers, carved backs 81-2 do do do, do do I 82-2 da moulded back couches, stuffed and co ' voted In hair '? j 88-12 do balloon-back, stuffed and covored in i hair ' I 84-0 dozen birch and rosowood long top chairs, i cano seats. The auctionocre, in soliciting tho attention of the trado to the abovo Balo of really first-class English made furnituro, bog to intimate that it ia all of Smeo and Co.'s manufacturo, is in Bplondid ordor and con- dition, and woll worthy the attention of the public. i No RoBervo. j Terms at Sale. 6517 I THIS DAY. ! 6 Garrett and Son's Reaping Machines. I To Farmers, Ironmongers, and Othors. WEASEY and CO! will sell by . auction, nt their mart, 83 Oollins-strcot weit, on Monday, 28th inst, at eleven o'clock, U Garrett and Son's reaping-machines. Terms at Salo. 6420 lo £ O' THIS DAY. i 200 Bags Californian Oats, also, Slightly Damaged, i 160 bags Californian Oats: _ To Gornfaotors and Others. W EASBY and CO. will sell by auo * J . tlon, at their Mart, 83 Oolllns-strcet west, on Monday, 28th inst., at cloven o'clock, 200 bags Californian oats, I also, Slightly Damaged, 1160 bags Californian oats. ' No Reservo. ' j Torms at Sale. 5547 ' j THIS DAY. Hams, Pickles, SaucoB, Chicory, Oystors, Figs, Hops, Cheese, Soap, ¿io. < 'o Grocors, Storekeepers, Dealors, and Others. " EASEY and CO. will sell by _ auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock. ' 15 caecB bacon (Cumberland) SO casks vinegar iOO cases (assorted sauces) [20 caaos ilga 100 boxes soap 80 Arkins butter 40 tins preserved potatoes lOO cases pint pickles 100 boxes oysters ¡19 casks ohicory 20 balea hops \- [30 cases rospborry vinegar v (4&do; chooso ~ J"i 8 casks tapioca. I_ Terms at Bale._5547 , j THIS DAY. 1 I 300 Dozen Brooms, j 25 Do. 1-gallon Kegs. } To Ironmongers and Others. ,W EASEY and CO. will sell by auo Y f . tlon, at their mart, 33 Colllns-stroot W0Bt, on Monday, 28th Inst., at eleven o'clock, ' 800 dozen brooms ¡26 do 1-gallon kogs, . No Reserve. } I Terms-OaBh._5547 '' I | THIS DAY. ?* ! To Grocers, Storokoopors, and Others. EASEY and CO. will sell by r _? auction, at their mart, 88 Collins-street ¡ wiBt. on Monday, 28th iUBt., at oloven o'clock, | quo bags salt «- 50 bales hops /J. 60 boxcB ling-fish ) 'CO caBOB 2-1 b. oysters ) il4 firkins butter - < 1160 boxes yellow Boap. \- ¡ Terms at Balo._5647 ' i THIS DAY. I 54 Hogsheads Ale. j ~"~ 200 Oasks Stout. , To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Dealors, and Othors. W' EASEY and CO. will sell by . auction, at their mart, 83~Cblllns-Btreot west, on Monday, 28thinst., at oloven o'clock, M hogsheads ale ,200 casks, each 4 dozon, atout. No Reserve. 6647 \ THIS DAY. j 1 40 Casos-English GIngorWino. 1 ' To Grocers, Wino Merchants and Others. ' W. EASEY and CO. will sell by J auction, at their mart, 33 Colllna-Btreot wont, on Monday, 28th inst., at olovon o'clock, to cases English ginger wine. , | No RoBervo. Terms-Cash._6656 1 -! THIS DAY, ', . i On the Australian Wharf. 62,000 Feot Fine Cedar. I ,To Builders, Contractors, and Others. x»r EASEY and CO. will sell by TY, a, auction, on tho Australian Wharf, on Men- ds v. 28th inet, at elovon o'clock, ."' Bx Wanderer, £2,000 feot Uno cedar. The auctioneers bog to cal attention to the abovo picked lot of cedar which willbo spld v' " Without Reseñe. Tçrrns flYßWi MW ..!.? by AnoUon. THIS DAY. On the Australian Wharf. 838 Red Deals. 305 Wite Do. To Timber Merrhants Builders, Contractors, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, on the AustralianWharf, on Monday, 28th inst,, at eleven o'clock, Ex Ebba Brahe, 838 red deals, 10 x 3, 9 t 3, 7 x 3 x 7 x 2½, 14 to 21 feet lengths 305 white deals, 9 x 3, 13 to 17 feet lengths. The Above are only Just Landed, and are in Good Order, and to be Sold Without Reserve. THIS DAY. 95 Casks American Hams. TO Grocors Storekeepers, and Othors, WEASEY and 00. will sell by ano . tlon, at their matt, 33 Collins-street west, on Monday, 28th inst, at elevon o'clock, ' ' 96 casks American bams, lu Fino Order and Recently Landed. No Reserve. _Terms at Sale._6647 THIS DAY. 92 Bags Potatoes. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at thoir rooms, 38 Collins-street west, on Monday 28th inst, at elevon o'clock. 92 bBga potatoes, now lauding. Terms at Salo. 6556 * THIS DAY. 86 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will soil by TY auction, at their mart, 33 Colllns-Btroot west, on Monday, 28th Inst, at cloven o'clock, 85 firkins D. R Cork butter. No Resorvo. For the Benefit of All Concerned. Terms-Cash._6550 ~ TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. 6 Cases Handsome Oil Paintings, &c.; To Frivato Fámulos, Partlos Furnishing, and Othors. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their mart, 83 Colllns-Btroot west, on Tuesday, 20th Inst, at oleven o'clock, 6 cases handsome oil paintings, consisting of views in Australia aud othors, Also, T «isca superior Blato t ubi OK, fancy tops, in great variety. No Resorvo. Terms-Cash. 6556 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. To Furniture Doalers, Gentlemen Furnishing, and I Others. WEASEY and CO. will sell ^y . auction, on thoir rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Tuesday, 29th inst, at twelve o'clock, B within Diamond, 1449- 2 brass bodBtoads, h¡ Winfield 1471- 3 iron do, do 1473- 3 do do, do 1476- 4 do do, do 2043-12 iron sofa bedsteads 20i8-18 infants' iron do do 16 cases each, 10 superior brass-mounted telescopes, portablo bedsteads 6 cosos each, containing 10 Brussels carpet camp stools. Terms at Salo. 551b TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. 0 Handsomo Pianos To Prh ato ramilles, Music Warehousemen, and I Others. ¥ EASEY and CO. will sell by o auction, at thoirmait, 88 Collina-Btroet nest, op Tuesday, 29th Inst, at tw oh o o'clock, - 1 handsome roBowood semi-oottago piano, 62 actneB 1 do do, 7 do. 1 do walnut, carved. Og do. do. 1 do rosen ood do do do do. 1 do do do do do do. 1 do do do do do do. 1 do do do do do do. 1 do giand pianoforte, 0} octaves. Tern» at Salo. Tho auctioneers beg to solicit tho attention of parties furnishing to the above unreBoncd salo of ranofortes. Í387 WEDNESDAY, 0th JANUARY. Prior to tho Sale ot tho Moreland Estate. Solo of Valuable Freehold Proporty, known as St. Hellei's, on tho Yarra Yarra, comprising tho Honsc, Pleasure Grounds, Gardons, Paddocks, &c;, In oil 14 arecs of the finest Land in tho colony. To Capitalists, Speculators, Private Families and Others dosirous of obtaining a first-class Invest- ment, or a desirable Family Residence. ¥ EASEY and CO. have received ? instructions from Mrs. Curr, inconse quencoof her proceeding to England, to soil by public auction (unless previously disposed of by prlvato con- tract), on Wodnosday, 0th January, at twolvo o'clock. ST. HELIER'«. ' This fine property is situate on the Yarra, is but a thort dlstanco lrom Molboutno, and close to the Kow Bridge, at tho ond of Johnston-stroot, leading to Studley Park ; adjoins Abbotsford, and is opposite tho Gov ernmont rosorvo known na Studley Park. " Tho houso contains ontrnnco-hall, drawing and dining rooms, 5 bedroom?, kitchen, pantrlos, lardor, store-room, closets, sorvants' room», &c.; OUT-BUILDINGS. Six-Btall stable, double coaih-houao, harneas room, dary, laundry, gardoner'a house, &o.; Tho house is in thorough repair and tho grounds laid out with tho greatest tasto The gardon Is stocked with the finoat \ Ines and fruit troos In tho colony. Tho whole pro- perty is substantially fenced and divided-paddocks, orchard, garden, &c.; Tho auctioneers, from tho proporty bolng so well lmtn\n, doom a further description unnecessary, suffice to say few properties can vio with this for beauty of situation or richness of soil. In all probability Government Houso will bo built in Studley, which will greatly enhanco tho vuluo of all property in this neighborhood. Parties are solicited to viow the property, and on ppllcatlon to tho auctioneer cards will bo gi von fir permission to go ovor tho house, &c.; Torms Liberal, Doclared at Salo. "Portion of the Purchaso-mouoy may, If roquirod, Romain on Mortgage. _Titlo Unexceptionable. 6300 WEDNESDAY, 6th JANUARY. By Order of tho Executors of tho Lato Dr. Tarqulur M'Orao. ? To Speculators, Capitalists, Settlers, Farmers, and Others. Important and Unreserved Salo of Froohold Proporty. Tho Celebrated Moreland Estate, 040 Acres on tho Moonco Ponds, about Two Milos from Melbourne, and having a Frontage to the Main Sydney-road and tho Moonee Ponds. : ' AlBO, Several valuable Properties at Richmond, having 'Frontages to tho Hawthorne and Punt Roads. W EASEY and CO. have received . instructions from tho executors of tho lato Dr. F. M'Crae to seit by auction, at their rooms, on Wednesday, flth January, at twolvo o'clock, The following proportlos All that valuable proporty known as Tho Moreland Estate, containing 640 acres of rich alluvial soil. This land is situate on tho Moonee Ponds, and has a frontage to tho Sydney- road. The dlstanco Is but about two miles from Molbourno, and the situation is beautiful, and admirably adapted for cultivation or suburban rosldoncos. Tho soil is very rich, and the crqpsoff the catate have for many years boon the finest in Victoria. Fpr tho convenience of allclosBoa this splendid pro- perty will bo subdivided into ten and twenty aero ¡orras. , Also, Several oligiblo properties] situate at Richmond, having frontages to the Hawthorne and Punt roads. Fullpartloulars will appear In future advertisement . > Terms will be oxcoodingly liberal. The auctioneers bog to call tho attention of all parties to this important and unreserved sale, the proporty t-olng one of the finest In the country, and adapted for farms, residences, market-gardens, homesteads, So. Tholand is beautifully sltuato, and posscsBos exton eh o and fino views of tho country around. ,'Tho sale is to bo unreserved, and perhaps for many years euch another opportunity of possessing farms io near Melbourne may not occur, therefore! tho auctioneers urge parties to attend this salo, i In the course of a fow days plans and lithograph?, Le., of the subdivisions will bo roady, and can bo ob- tained ai tho auctioneers' rooms. particulars in future advertisement. 4(104 *" THIS DAY. To Wipe and Spirit Merchants, Dealers, and Country , Storekeepers. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. ii (successors to Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction, at their bonis, Queen-street, on Monday, 28th inst., at oloven o'clock, i To close consignments, I BO.Casos, e&ek; i doeoo, Evans'« bottled atout 76 cask», eaoh 4 do, Byan'« do do 100 do, -do do do, de bottled alo 10 hhda Demorara rum, 10 to 13 o.p. 80 cases Booth's old tom, each 1 dozen .60 do Swaine and Boord1» do ¡60 do Scotch whiskey, each 1 dozen. Terms-Cash. 6600 j , THIB DAY". I 20 Tons Hart's Adolalde Flour, A 'LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. «Ti. , (successors to Btubba and Son) will sell by -auction, at their roomt, Queen-street, on Monday, 28th Inst., at eleven o'clock, 20 tons best Adelaide flour. Hart's town brand. In lots to suit buyers. Terms at Bale. 5660 > THIS DAY. Al Currants, Bengal Lines, &c; ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. -(successors to Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Monday, 28th Inst., at eleven o'clock. 20 cases currant« / 60 bundles Bengal lines ' Jto boxes soluble bltt«. 6660 ' , I THIS BAY. I i To Grocers, Storekeepers, te. i Oilmen's Stores, Cheese, Bacon, Butter, Hops, &c.; i A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. «£3J (successors to Stubbs and Son) will sell by Huctloir, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Monday, !8tb hist., at eleven o'clock, " 12 cases, each six dozen, naU-plnt salad oils 20 do, each four do, 1-lb Durham mustard 50 do, each four do, Good and Wyatt's pint pickles ? 160 do, each one do. Wbybrow's quart vinegar St casks Dunlop cheese 20 cases Yorkshire bacon 76 firkins D B Cork butter 60 pockets Kent hops. To be Bold to Close Consignment«. Terms at Bale. 6501 ' Balta by Anotion. PRELIMINARY ADVERTISEMENT. To Wine and Spirit Morcnants. Extensivo and Unresorvod Salo of Brandies, &c;, for _ thobonoflt of whom it may concern, ---- AG. M'COMBfl will soil by auction. f in his rooms, CollWstroet, noxt the Bank of Australasia, on an early day, \- An invoice of brandies and BpiritB. " """ * To bo sold lor the benefit of whom it may concorn. Withoutrosorve. - - Full particulars In future advertisement. 6571 TBIS_DAY. Unresorvod Sale of 100 Bags of Crushed Malzo. "A Or. M'COMBE will sell by auction, <. . in his rooms, Colllns-streot, noxt tho Bank of Australasia, on Mondiy, 28th insl, at eleven o'clock, 100 bags crushed maizo. _No Reserve. 6571 THIS DAYÍ Corks. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction/ . in his rooms, Collins-stroot, noxt tho Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst, at olovon o'clock, 10 cases of quart and lemonado corks of a vory suporior description. _Full Particulars at Bale. £571 THIS DAY. ' Paporhangings, Hardware, &c.; \- Clearlng-out Sale. ' ~~* AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, . in his rooms. Collins streot, noxt the Batik of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst, at olovon o'clock, 1,000 pieces of paperhanglng, And balance of involso of hardware. Lemonado bottlci, &o.; _NoRosorvo. 6571 i TUIS BAY. ~~ To Bakors and Millers. Sale of 30 Tons Hart's Adelaide Flour. A Guaranteed Parcol. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, . In his rooms. Collins street, noxt the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst,, at olovon o'clock, 80 tons Hart's Adolaide flour, guaranteed. Terms and Particulars at Salo. _No Reservo._ 6489 - THIS DAY. To Millers and Produce Merchants. 600 Busholn Adelaido Whoat. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, . In his rooms, Coillnt-stroot, noxt tho Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th lust, at devon o'clock 600 buBhols Adolaide wheat. To OIOBO Accounts. No Reservo, 6189 THIS DAY. - Extensive and Unreserved Salo of Provisions, ÁG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, . In his rooms, CollinB-Btroot, noxt the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst,, at olovon o'clock, . 20 casos primo York hams ' 30 do do do bacon ' 20 casks Irish moss pork 20 casos North Wilts cheoso And . Miscellaneous goods, to close account sales. Torms at Salo. No Ronorvo. 6480 THIS DAY. 1 Damaged Paper and Oats. Ex Amoor, from Glasgow. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction . in lils rooms, Collins stroot, noxt tho Bank or Australasia, on Monday, 28th ins!., at cloven o'clock, 20 balts brow n papor 100 bags oats. All Moro or Less Damaged. To be Sold for Account of All Concerned. '. ,_Without Resen e. 6180 1 THIS DAY. To BookBollorB and Others. Unrosorved Salo of Stationery, &c.; A G. M'COMBE will sellby auotion, a in his rooms, Colllns-streot, noxt tho Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th hist,, at olovon o'clock. An invoice of stationery, ink, slatos, erlbbago boards, i.e. _NoRosorvo. 6180 THIS DAY. 200 Firkins Now Doubla Roso Cork Butter. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, o in his rooms. Collins Btreet, noxt the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst, «t olovon o'clock, i 200 firkins now doublo roso Cork butter, a first rato sample. All Just Landed in Splendid Condition. _No Roaorvo. 6628 1 THIS DAY. Batty's Plcklos. Feast's Pickles. Crosse and Blackwoll's Ketch ip and Salad Oil. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, . in his rooms, Collins-stroot, nevt tho Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst., ateloven o'clock, 80 cases Hatty's pickles i 40 do Feast's do 100 do Grosso and Blackwoll's mushroom hotchup and salad oil I 100 do do salad oil. To bo Sold to Close Sales. J_No Reserve,_6528 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Confectioners, and Others. Unreserved Sale of Fig?, Currants, &e;, AG. M'COMBE will soil by auction, . in his rooms, Collins-stroot, noxt tho Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th inst,, at cloven o'clock, l 16 cases Elemo figs 20 casks Fatras currontB 60 boxos raisins. To bo Sold to Close Accounts. _Without Reserve._£528 THIS DAY. , 200 Bags Adolaido Flour. Country Brands. 1 £0 Bass BaniBli Oats. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction; . in his rooms, Collins-street, noxt tho Bank of i Australasia, on Monday, the 28th hist,, at eleven ' o'clock, I SOO bags Adelaido flour, country brands ?CO bags Danish oats. ' , No Reserve. £628 THIS DAY. Crockery. A G. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, . in his rooms, Collins-street, noxt tho Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 28th liiBt., at olovon o'clock, An invoice of crockery, comprising . Cups and saucors, bowls, plates, &c.; No Reservo. 6180 ', THIS DAY. I To Wlno and Spirit Merchante. 1 Unrosorved Salo of 470 Cases Claret, Ohatoau Lafltto. 600 Cases Marzettl's Alo and Porter. AG. M'COMBE will soil by auotion, e in his rooms, Collins-street, noxt the Bank of Austral asia, on Monday, 28th inst., ateloven o'clock, 470 casos claret, Chateau Lafltto brand 600 do Marzettl's ale and portor, I 70 do ohampaguo, Vineyards Proprietors' Com 1 pany, brandy , 100 do United Vineyard Company do. 1 To Closo Accounts, No Reservo. 6628 "1 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. Splendid Household Furniture, Milch Cows, Pigs, Poultry, So., at Hollos Knox Esq's., Gardiners Cr0ok. EROW and CO. bavo received m-> . structions from H. Knox Esq. (in consoquonco of his romoviugup the country) to Boll by auction, at his residence, Gardiner's Crook, on Tuosuay, 29th Inst., at olovon o'clock punctually, Tho whole of his splondid furniture and effaets, consisting of Magnificent piano, by Collard and Collard Drawing and dining room furniture, library, bod room furniture, and tho usual household effects. Also, Somo oxcollont milking cows, a boar, lately j imported from England, together witli somo suporior sows, pigs, poultry, (which aro in- ferior to none in tho colony,) staok of hay, 1 charcoal, &c.; At the sanio timo will bo sold tho loaso (having six years to run from 1st October lost) of tho IIOUBO, and about 100 acres land. Tho auctioneers particularly call tho attention of ull those who appreclato articles of tasto to this sale, and specially invite their attendance. Furthor particulars and catalogues to bo hod at tho offlbo of tho auctioneers. -Tho proporty will bo on vlow on Monday, th 88th last. _6287 I PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Important Salo of Stock and Stations. EROW and CO. arc instructed by tbo «, Proprietor, John Moonoy, Esq., to soil by auction on an early day (duo notico of which will bo Riven), tho following magnificent squatting proper- ties, viz : Tuppall Station, In tho Murrumbldgoo District, I with about 28,000 sheep And Murray Downs Station, same district, with 4,000 head of cattle. Further particulars can be obtained at tbo office of the auctioneers, where plans will booxhibited ina .W days. 6418 doe 29 1 THIS DAY. To Contractors, 'Bus Proprietors, and Others. 1 25 Hoad Colts and Fillies. EROW and CO. will sell by auotion, . at their yardB, Bourko-stroot, on Monday, 28tl{ inst., 25 head first-class colts and fillies, Boing tho Bocond draught of 140 from tho station of J. G. Church, Esq., of Wagga Wogga. They aro in every respect equal, if not superior, to those sold on Wednetday last. _5530 \- I WEDNESDAY, 0th JANUARY. Sala of Growing Crops, Horses, Bullocks, Drays, and Farming |lmplements, at Mr, Hlscoek's, Kin 'locliowo. ... EROW and CO. bavo received m . structions from Mr. Wm. Ulscock to soil by auction at his farm, Klnlochewo, on Wednesday, Clh Januarv, at twelve o'clock, The following property viz. : ___ 62 acroB growing whoat 13 teamB working bullocks, in good condition 17 horse», guaranteed porfootly staunch, and ' nuiot in saddle and harness 4 milch cows ! heit ors and steers , , , 12 bullock-drays, 1 horBO-dray, ploughs, harrow*, i rolk'r'' *". Torms at Salo, 6639 d & wk Halesi by JMotlon. AUOTION NOTICE. fTHE great Sale of Freehold Properties «X.-.»t Warrnambool will take, place at the Royal Archer Hotel, Warrnambool, on Monday and Tuesday January 26th end 20th. 1868. WHEATLEY and BLISS. Auction»T, SKJuoen ttrcct, Melbourne ; SAMUEL MACGREGOR, Auc- tioneer, Warrnambool. 031 ~ AUOTION NOTICE. " TO Eurniture Importers and Private Families.-The Undersigned are prepared tolSKLL FURNITURE by publlo auction, either at their Mart, 31 Queen-street, or on the owner's premises, at the lisna] rate of commission. WHEATLEY and BLISS, Estate and Furniture Auetleneors, 81 Queen-streot 032 WEDNESDAY, 80th DECEMBER. St. Kilda Sale of Freehold Cottasre Proportlos and Smalt Allot- ments of Land In Faulknor stroot, St. Kilda, Nearly Opposite the St. Kilda Grammar School, and OlOBO to tho Beacb. To bo Sold In Four Lots, to Suit Purchasers. To Small Capitalists, Spooulators, and Othors. ' For Absoluto Sale j Without the Loast Reserve. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with Instructions to sell (without tho least reserve) at 81 Quoen- streot, on Wednesday, SOth inst (immediately after the salo of tho St. Kilda Grammar School), Tho following proportlos, in four lots, to suit pur- chasers : Loti. All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage of 25 feot to Faulknor- street, hy a dopth of 82 feet, with a right-of-way down the side of 10 feet, on which is crcctod a substantially built two-story weatherboard verandah cottage, containing six rooms, and now lot at £100 per annum. Lot 2. ¡ An allotment of land adjoining lot 1 containing 25 feet frontage to Faulknor streot by a depth of 82 loot. Lot 3. All that pleco or parcol of land having a frontage of 25 feet to Faulkner- Btroot, by a depth of 82 feet, on which is erootod a neat weatherboard cottage contal i ing throo rooms, and now lot at the low rent of £30 I per annum. Lot 4. An allotment of land adjoining Lot 3, contalnlnr 25 feet frontage to Faulknor-stroot, by a depth of 82 'feot. ' Tho abovo proportlOB aro woll worthy the attention of small capitalists and othors dealroui or investing nor tho acasido ; and tho auctioneers bo? to intimato that the wholo aro for absoluto and unrosorved salo. Tltlo Cloar Torras-Cash. 020 WEDNESDAY, 30th DECEMBER. St Kilda, near tho Beith. Sale of tho highly valuablo propel ty known as the St. Kilda Grammar School, at tho Cornorof Ackland and Faulkner streets, now in tho occupation of Mr. W. O. Northcott. To Trustees, Capitalists, and all Thoso Seeking to i Invost Money to Roturn Good Intorost on Improving 1 Property. i For Absoluto Sale. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been . It honored with instructions from the proprietor (o submit to publlo competition (for absoluto sale), at 31 Queen street, on Wednesday, 80ch inst., at tnelvo o'clock. All that pioco or parcel of land situato, lying, and boing in South Melbourno, at St. Kilda alorosald, n the county of Bourke, and being a portion of allot- ment No 34, and boing tho corner nllotmont of Ack- land and Faulknor streots, and containing 41 feet frontago to Aokland-atroot, by a depth of 1C0 foot to Faulkland-stroet, on which ara erected thoso valuable Brick Stuccood Promises now in the occupation of Mr. W. C. Northcott, and known as The St. Kilda Grammar School. Tho land is of the most improving and valuablo cha- racter, is situato at tho corner of two Important streot*, and is within a few feet of tho Beach and the Royal Hotel. The houso 1B built of brick, stuccoed, with a stono foundation . it contains in all twonty-ono rooms, I all excellently finlahod Insido, two collars, and has a verandah and balcony, from which there is a viow not to bo surpassed in Victoria ; thorn is also a weather- board building in the roar, 68 foot in longth by 14 foot j in width, now used as a dining-room for tho scholar», togother with stabling, hay-loft, and a brlok eomonted tank of nino Inch work, 12 feot 6 inches in dopth by I 10 feet in the dear. This vorv valuablo freehold is lot on loaso from the let January Jost for four yoars, to Mr. W. O. North- cott, at a yeai ly rental of «800, payable quartorly. To trustees or capitalists on tho look-out for a safe and handsome invostmont this would bo found ono that would pay a most romunoratlvo rate of Interest, and would bo moro valuablo as a frcohold at tho expi- ration of tho term. Tho Wholo to bo Sold Without Rosorvo. Tltlo Unexceptionable Torms-Cash. For further particulars apply to tho Auctioneers, 31 Queen 6ti cet. 034 MONDAY. 4th JANUARY. Nicholson-scroot, Collingwood. Sale of Freehold Land and Cottage, botweon the Tra- vellers' Rest and tho Tankerville Anna. 1 Dosil ablo Investment for a Small Capitalist, Opposlto Carlton Gardons. 1 . Without RoBorvo. TtT HEATLEY and BLISS have re- ' T T coived instructions from tho nwnor to dispose of, by public auction, on tho ground, Bitnato within two ¡ houses of the Travellors' Rest, on Monday, 4th Janu-r ary, at tw olvo o'olock, * Without Reservo, All that pieco or parcel of land, nolng part of »ub urban section 71, containing 88 foot 7 inches frontage to Nicholson-street, by a depth of 110 feet 10 lnohes ; on which are erected a > Four-roomod Weatherboard Cottage i And Outbuildings. 'The land in this locality is woll known to bo of a most improving and valuablo character, and although the cottago is not of much importance, tho site is one that would bo found highly dosirablo for building purposes, and tho depth should not bo lost sight of. 1 No roasonablo ofler will bo Hof used. I Title is quito Perfect. Ierras-Half Cash, balance by Bills at throo months. i N.B. Tho cottago is at prosent occupied by Mr. Rj an, the Dairyman. \ 033 WEDNESDAY 0th JANUARY. Preliminary Advertisement. Mordialloc, ono milo from tho Township of Beaumaris, And ono milo from the Sea. SaloiOf Elghtoen Freehold Farms. .To Small Farmors, Markot-Gardenors, and Thoso Desirous of Possessing a Country Resldonco. WHEATLEY and BLISS baye been favored with Instructions from Mr, O. H. Warren to submit to public oompotition, at thoir rooms, 31 Quoon-Btreot, on Wednesday, 0th January, at tvvolv o o'clock, All that half-section of land, being portions 2 and 8 of allotmont 1 of the Parish bf Mordialloc, containing by admeasurement Throo Hundrod and Twenty Aoros, Which will be sold, from a plan of subdivision, in Elghtoen Farms, as follows :- ' LoU 1,2,10, and 11: Four farms, oaoh containing 16 acres. Lots 3, 4, 6, 6, 7,8,12, l8,14,15,10, and 17 : i Tvvclvo farms, each containing 17 acres, 8 roods, \- - - Lots 0 and l8 : Two farms, each containing 20 acres. Tl)ls valuable property is situata fourtoon miles from Molbourno, on tho Great Wostorn Port-road (tho direct road from Prince's Brldgo), two milos from tho Ct'cltcnlmm Hotol, anuVono and a-half milos from tho Armagh Hotel, and isoiiemUo thissldoof M'Donald's. It' la'cxcollcnt aoll, fencod by Mr. Parker's land on one sido, and bounded ontlio othor by tho Aboriginal Reserve, which runs ton milos along tho Beach to the Canynook, and is ono milo from tho admired town- ship of Boaumaris, and is but half a milo from the Béacli. ¡riiomonoy is voted for making tho road boyond tho Cheltenham Hotel, and on some of the allotment* there is capital building stono and on others ground eprings, which In this locality is of great importance. Mr. Warren having had many applications for por- tions of thlB valuablo pioco of land, has rosolvod upon oflering tho wholo as abovo subdivided. > I . Without Reserve. < I Tho Title li Crown Grant. ' í erna«-Half cash, balance by bills at three and six months without interest. A plan of the ground to be soon at the rooraB of tho auctioneers, and Intending purchasers can bo dirooted from tbo Armagh Hotel to Mr. Warron, for furthor information on the spot. 028 MONDAY, tth JANUARY. > Town of Melbourne Salo of Land and Cottages In King and Hawke , Streets. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Those in Search of Improving Town Proportj. , Without Boiarvo. In Conaequonce of the Owner Proceeding te the ?; Interior. WHEATLEY and BLISS have re T T ceived instructions from Mr. D. Kennedy to cell by publlo auction, on the premisos, situate in King and Hawko street«, near the Flagstaff, on Mon- day, 4th January, 1868, at one o'clock, i Without Reserve, Al) that piece or parcel of land, situate In the pa- rish of North Melbourne, being parts of allotments li or. 10 and 11 of section 66, Town of Molbourno : ono ha\ ing a frontage to King-street ol 68 feet by a dopth of 1184 feet: the other having a frontage of 64 foot to Hawke-street, by a depth of lOSJoot ; with all im rroi (¡menta. To be sold bl two lots, viz. . ' Loti. . King-street property, consisting of a frontago of 68 feet, by a depth of 134 foot, on which aro erected 1 Two Cottages. One containing six rooms and a kitchen. ?Tho four lowor rooms lathed, plastered« and paperod, the two upper lined and paperod. The roof is of galvanised iron, and it has a neat verandah in trent. This cottage adjoins Mr. JSIderton's residence, and i is occupied By the owner. < . The other cottag» is ncontly erected, of weather . board, contains three rooms, lined and papered, and IsJIot to n highly respectable tenant. Lot 2. Hawko-street Property, Consisting of ¿4 feet frontag«, by a depth of 105 feet. This cottagejoonlalns six roomsjand is precisely simi- lar to the one in King- street, with the exception of Its being in better condition and repair, and aleo hav- ing the addition of a neat garden In front. It is now let to Mr. Bouwick, at £2 per week, and adjoins the handsome stone rcsldongo of Mr. Camp- bell, the contractor. Thejo properties are well worthy the attention or those on tho look-out for Improving City properties ; they are situate within a few feet of a Junction of «tun ttreets, and are destined to bo of great value iu a'thortttimo, from tho fact of tbelr being situate in rreorthe main outlota from the Wharf to tho Flem ii (.ton-road and gold-fields, 'litio perfect, and will boproduoedon the day of ssle. Ter»« at Bale, *ut will In all probability bo Cash. 090 ?aloa fey JtuoUon. TUBBDAY, 28th DECEMBER Copper, ?o ,». IT. Mun'" Metal. XJ-. with instructlonato sou by auction atth.n » < I Commerce, on Tuesday, 29th ásTSevenn?"u?¿1 The sheathing Just taken from the"Hu Ô*&~ ships in (ho Williamstown FbotU rw Dock, hammorod a ready for nackiT8 rjr Tho above will be weighed, eltoerat the «",., doekeoranyof the wharvls, at'tho option of '&%* _'._î^ittl!?l£_____JlJoc2!) « ,vT ^S8^!' mb DECEMBER." Melbourne Ballway Terminus, on tho southside,* AJ.« instructions from Patrick PhMT Í. M.L.A., to sell by auction? at tho Hall of 0^3 ' Collins-street, on Tuesday. 20th ins* ^oft O'sullivan, having a large frontage tithe rivïî Hr5 running back to tho railway, on whfeh aro orÄ'^ ral very substantial sheds! capableno? storÄif0 menso quantity of goods, the whole surrSuífA!?,: strong fonco about 10 feet high. The proneA ?» on a squatting llconso, which wül beTh.miK " Mi the purchaser. According to tonT Stó''» all improvements on this property wlflAiaïs ÄfiffiÄ Jaar'Ä* ^tovvndalry.orcculd^used^a bJtóff* Further particulars on application tb the aucti oneor 1 ._ K9 ,1- on 52 dec 20 Halof Conunorco, CoUlns street Suporior Outtor rigged Ploosuro Yacht m it . T ,.Do do Pinnace To Watermon, Flahormon, and Gentlemen requiring o. H A dSSSttFU ill MI t» WnVh instrul¡u'«"' to sell by auotion/Tthe . elSveno'cScr^0' °" ^^ 28"> ?¿s'> * A superior ciittcr-rfggod yachf, v Eight tons burthen, A coppered and coi per fastened, built on ii,» »."..?. |c«l atructlon. comprising all tti'o Bato aualltw ï?^Sat life boat with thoVe finei Seesaw Aura fîS sailing Her outfit Is very compleÄuÄ nor Ifcct suit of sails, rigging, &o; -«mus a per Tho Pinnace is also a very oxcollont boat, 1B cutter rigged sall, vory fast, and is o safo and oxcollont littleTsZ w woll adopted for fishing or ploosuro partios ° ' . Terms-Ooah N B -Tho abovo aro at proBontlyW alonmHo »,« Zingari, steamer, in the Bay ifdeojo TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER Alma road St. Kilda Choice Building Silo, suitablo for a family Mansion within a short dlstanoo of tho Junction noaj tho resldonco of tho Honorablo Jamos M'Oullooh, and almost opposite that of tho Honorablo Archibald I Michio At tho Hall of Oommerco, Collins street HA OOITEY has been favored » with Instructions to gol! by auction, at the ' Hall of Commorco, on Tuesday, 20th last, at eloven 0 clock, A bcautlfullj situated allotmont of land having a frontage to the Alma-road of 06 foot by a dopthofllO feet along Chusan atroot to right of way In tho rear 1 The land is of tho richest quality and lightly cowed with tlinbor Tho neighborhood la perhaps tho most improving in St Kilda Bovoralhandsomo houses OHO alrtady bcon oroctod, and others oro In couroot erection, thoroby at oneo enhancing the value ol Uria property In requesting attention to the abovo, the auctlonoer yfould remark that an opportunity Is hore preaonted, on tho most favorablo torms for proourlng a really choice situation for a private resldenoe at almost a nominal valuo tho instructions being to sell at any- thing Uko a roasonablo rato TermB -Half cash, balanco at throo, four, and six months, or bank Interest allowed for cash 64 dec 29 VERY VALUABLE HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, For Positivo Salo I FE BEAVER and CO are favored . with instructions to cause to bo sold by public auction, on an early day, of which duo notlco will be given, A largo quantity of very valuablo and handsome furniture, comprising Suite of drawing, dining, breakfast and bedroom furnlturo all first-class, mid adapted for the I first residences in the colony, dinnor and toa scrvlcos in silver, &c; Full Particulars and Catalogues on an Early Day _27 TUESDAY, 6th JANUARÏ Ono Hundred and Forty oigbt Tons Fivo Cwt Prime Nowcastlo Coals, , To Pay Store rent and Charges "C1 E BEAVER and CO will oause JL . to be Bold by publlo auction at their rooms SO Collins Btroot weat, on Tuesday, 6th January, at eleven o clock. I Without thoBlightost Reservo, 148 tons 6 cwt primo Nowcastle coals, now lying aboard tho storoshlp Una, In Hobsons Bay Terms-Cash 20 " WEDNESDAY, 80th DECEMBER. ' Woll known Stud of Goorgo Watson, Esq Stceplo-ohaso, Flat Race, Trotting and Break Horses, &c; George Watson's Horso \Jn»t J HENDERSON has been favoxal . with) Instructions from George Watson Esq, in cenBCquenco of his retiring from tho businoss, to < fTer, w ithout tho slightest reserve at Watson s Horse IJozaar.'Eourko-Btreot, on Wednesday, 80th last, Tho following woll known horses - I I Botty, tho beautiful littlo trotting maro, quiet, porfbçtly staunoh and vory handsome, «. I marliably fast, the wlnnor of tho great Trot | r ting Handicap Quiz, a vory liandsomo pony, vory fast, and a good hack Caledonia, thorough hrod, by Snoozor, wooli mako a splendid charger, an oxcollont spoou Iatlon for India, very quiot, a beautiful tona i hack . I Buckloy, tho boro of many a hard won raco, he is i vory fresh fit to put in training, and likely 1 to win many racos Lottery, tho woll known stooplo-eliase horse, whoso splendid performances aro known to all, condition fino Pctor tho Great, a rising steeplo chase horse, of groat merit, vory fast, a magnificent weight carrier Isaacs, groy golding, a good cross-country horso, very safo fencer, and a pleasant hack. The Old Break Horso, familiar to evory child In I Melbourne tho moat beautifully mado horse 1 of his day, staunch to any weight, gentío sa a lamb, possesscdof splondld pices, a porfeo treasure to a quiet family A very handsomo pair of bay phaeton horses, a por foct match, very quiot and stop will together qulot to rldo I Also, Tho double and singlo break, trial cart ¡and weights, horso dray , Togothor with, A largo assortment of sundrlos The auctloncordirotta attention to the abovo Impor- tant horac salo ho cannot rocommond thom too much. Their various porfûrmancoB are boloro the publie, he therefore loaves their valuo to tho best of all tribunals -publlo opinion Sale-Sharp Tivolvo o Clock 02 dee 80 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER, ¿Sheep Station for Salo AYE and BUTOHART have re- ceived instructions for their Mr Butcbart to offer for salo by publlo auction, in tho long room of Hockin s Hotel, on Tuesday, 29th lost, at twolvo o clock, ... The EMU HILL STATION, with 6,000 sheep, of the following description - I 8,000 equal Boxes, 2, 4, and 6 toothod 2,000 full mouthed owos This run is very centrally Bltuated for supplying j» lario tract of digging country with fat atoek Smythe s Crick distant BTX milos, Balloorat twenty, Carngham flfthon, Fiery Crook twontyfivc. and Geelong about fifty olght Tho aroa of the run is about 18,005 acres Thtroaro about 040acres of purchased land, wnlcb.«. will bo at the option of tho purehasor to take at cost prlco, with iatorost from dalo ofpurohaso ,ïhorooro the following improvomonts -Overseer a hu> of three rooms, men's hut, brush paddock of alx or Éovon hundred acres, drafting yarda, &o; , and three CUTcrmB for tho Run-Ono-third Cash, and tho remain- der, by approvod pills at ono and two years, with in- terestfat lion por cent , and for tho purchasodlanä Cajh Dolivory will bo given in ono wook from too dot of Salo BUH d and wk doo 20 1 THURSDAY, 31st DEOEMBEll To Farmors, Cattle Dealers, Dairymon, Butchors, »no I Othors iV/IR ZOnRAB has been instructed J.YA by Mr John Bhaw, who Is giving up fanning» to toll by publlo auction, without any rpsorv«,at¡OÍD son's Hotel, Oaklolgh, on Thursday, 81st Inst, at twelve o clock, The whole of his .. "_""" 1 TABM 8T00K, Comp-ielng 20 milch cows, heifers, fat calves, draught liorso», carts, ploughs, harrows, bar- rows, dalry utensils, and tho usual require - I monts of a dairy farm ^ Also, Tho 80 Aero FARM and HOME3TEAD, Partially fenced In and under cultivation, situate at OoliloiLb, about twolvo miles from Melbourne. It commands asplondld vlow of tho Bay and surrounding country, has a novcr failing supply of water, splond d soil, &o; .which, II not sold, will bo let at a moderato rental Tull directions to view may bo had any day previous to silo from Mr. Gibson, Oaklolgh Hotel, Oakleigh Mr Gibson will rocelvo orders for tho salo of any other stock or goods which ¡parties may wish to dis- pose of on tho day of salo 1« TOESDAY, 20th DECEMBER i Post] onod from WodnoBday W11 ALSOP will sell by auction, . on tho premisos, Gambrldgo-streot, Colline, wood noxt door but one to tho Cambrldgo Arms, on Tuciday, 20th just, at twelve o clock, ,".""", Ile ftvo-roomod dwelling previously advortlseu, with the. freehold, having a frontago of 88 feet by Aller»ards, tho four roomod cottago In tho roar of »¿berts and Forguaon's Foundry, Islington stroot, limbon s road wfth the ground, 46 feet by 100 feet, ard all appurtonaiH.es. " i Tor Positivo Salo I Torms Easy t TillolJrtquüstlonablo SrTtlSli Auction Mart, 171 Smith street, Coll ng wocd 218 