VESSELS IN HARBOUR. Alice Brown, brig, 172 tons, ? , in Darling Harbour ; Cajjtain agent. Australian, barque, 212 tons, — , in Darling IlaTbour. Ann Lickerby, barque, 467 tons, Thomson, at Circular Wharf ; Captuia, agent. Discharging. Alblassawaard, Dutch ship, 400 tons, Von Lindern, in Darling Harbour ; Mullendorff and Co., agents. Adolp'hus Yates, schooner, 130 tons, Urquhart, in the Cove ; Cap tain, agent. Bella Vista, barque, 178 tons, ? , at Macnamara's Wharf ; Mao naraara and Son, agents. j Brighton, American barque, 354 tons, Tucker, in Darling Harbour ; Captain, agent. Balmoral, schooner, 115 tons, Brown, at Campbell's Wharf ; J. C. and G. Dibbs, agents. Camperdown, ship, 993 tons, Denny, off Circular Wharf ; Smith, Campbell, and Co., agents. For London. California, Dutch ship, 633 tons, De Wyn, at Circular Wharf; Mullendorff and Co., agents. For London, May. Connecticut, American ship, 1100 tons, Welsh, in the Stream ; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. For Callao. Cyclone, ship, 865 tons, Hossack, at Circular Wharf ; Brierley, Dean, and Co,, agents. Discharging and for London, Clipper, schooner, 155 tons, Watson, in Darling Harbour ; Captain, agent. Clara Henrietta, Dutch ship, 67+ tons, Wr^raink, in Dari ng HaiUoui j Mullendorff and Co , agenca. For Batavia, Cheetah, schooner, 138 tons, Joyce, at Fiour Co.'s Wharf ; Buyers and Learmonth, agents. For Wellington. Cheviot, ship, 1067 tons, Wilson, at M acnamara Wharf-, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., agents. Discharging. Despatch, Schooner, 14 - tons, Castles, at Albion Wharf : Laidley, Ireland, 'and Co., agents. For Adelaide. Duke of Wellington, 6chooner, 100 tons, Lee, at Flour Company's Wharf; E. M. Sayers, agent. Genii, brig, 180 tons, Davidson, off Towns' Wharf; R. Towns' agent. Ganges, American ship, 315 tons, Nicholson, at Walker's Wharf ; Captain, agent. For sale. Gertrude, French .barque, 483 tons, Le Balle, in the Cove ; Vial d'Aram and Co., agents. Golemda, ship, 1124 tons, Francis, in Quarantine ; H. T. Wilson, agent. Hannah Fownes, ship, 860 tons, Robinson, at Circular Wharf ; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. Discharging. H.M.S. Herald, 4 guns, Denham, in Farm Cove. Heather Bell, barque, 416 tons, Hick, in the Stream ; Willis, j Merry, and Co., agent. Herefordshire, ship, 1400 tons, Champion, in the Stream ; G. A. | Lloyd and Co., atrcnts. Isaac* Walton, Ameri an ship, 393 tons, Williams, in the Stream; Wilkinson, Brothers, agents. John Taylor, ship, 787 tons, Charleston, at Botts' Wharf; Gil christ,' Watt, and Co., ascents. John Ormerod. brig, 187 tons, Sevier, in Darling Harbour; Ebsworth and Co., agents. For Adekid'. John and Lucy, ship, 1235 tons, Muller, the Circular Wharf ; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. Discharging. jane, narque, oao ions, wyuiuw, uu xuwus h nan j IX. iuwus and Co., agents. I John Bunyan, ship, 46(5 tons, Henry, at Circular Wharf; Monte fiore, Graham, and Co., agents. Discharging. Lucas, American barque, 350 tons, Daggett, at Circular Wharf ; Captain, agent. For San Francisco. Lady Ilodgkinson, ship, 82-3 tons, Wilson, in the Cove ; L. and S. Spyev, agents, L. A. Bang, Swedish ship, 705 tons, Bastian, in the Stream; Brierley, Dpan, and Co., ager.ts. Mountain Maid, brig, ISO tons, Peacock, at Moore's Wharf; Cap tain, agent. For No son. Marv Grant, brig, 166 tons, Bennett, at Russell's Wharf ; Laidley, Ir-;laT.l. mill Ci»., n front -?. For .Moreton nay. Martha, schooner, 0!) tons, Hunt, in the Cove ; Captain, agent. Muria, Tahiti .n brig, 178 tons, Perkins, in the Cove ; Vial D'Aram and Co., agents. Mary Ann, schooner, 137 tons, Greg, in Darling Harbour; Captain, Nourmahrtl, ship, 846 tons, Bralhv, ac Circular Wharf; L. and S. Spyer, agents. For Lmdon, April. New' Forest, ba que, 157 tons, Henry, at Towns' Wharf ; R. Towns and Co., agent. Omar Pasha, ship, 989 tons, Thompson, off Circular Wharf; Gil christ, Watt, and Co., agents. For London. Oxnnrd, American ship, 590 tons, Nason, in Darling Harbour ; Mullendorff and Co., agents. Phicnician, barque, 460 tons, Jamson, off Circular Wharf; Monte fiore, Graham, and Co., agents. For London. Prinds Oscar, Danish ship, 705 tons, Thorsen, at Botts' Wharf ; Mullendorf, and Co., agents. Prince Albert, brig, 100 tons, Purss, in Darling Harbour; Captain, agent. Queen of Perth, schooner, 91 tons, Stirley, in Darling Harbour ; Flower, Salting, and Co., agent. Robertina, brig. 213 tons, Manson, in Darling Harbour ; Smith, Campbell, and Co., agents. For Adelaide. Sulton, barque, 282 tons, ? , at Smith's Wharf ; Smith, agent. Star of Peace, ship, 110 tons, Sproat, off Circular Wharf; Montefiorc, Graham, and Co , agents. For London. Sarah Newman, shin, 1003 tons, Gibson, at Campbell's Wharf; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. Discharging. Sea Bird,' ship, 492 tons, Winter, at Macnamara's Wharf; Macna mara and Son, asrents. Singapore, Hamburg ship, 460 tons, Hellyes, at Circular Wharf ; Haege and Prell, agents. snapdragon, American o?rque, uou ions, uavis, in me uove : cap tain, agent. Sarah, brig, 121 tons, Firth, in Darling Harbour ; Hayes, agent. Thetis, Swedish 'barque, 586 tons, Pepping, in Darling Harbour ; Mullendorff and Co., agents. Tomatin, barque, 428 tons, Robertson, in Darling Harbour; Caird, Pate- son, and Co., agents. Velox, brig, 141 tons, ? , in Darling Harbour ; M. E. Murnin, agent. Wiid Wave, brig, 179 tons, Maughan, at Smith's Wharf ; Malcolm, agent. William Alfred, schooner, 130 tons, Tinley, at Flour Company's Wharf ; Buyers and Learmonth, agents. For Wellington. The Herefordshire, under the command of our old friend Capt. Champion, arrived on 27th, from Plymouth. She has made a very good passage, and brings 64 married couples, ? 46 single women, 166 single men, and 73 children ; there have been 6 deaths and 2 births during the passage, which has been very boisterous. The vessel is in a very cleanly state, and the surgeon reports very favourably of the immigrants, who appear rerarvkably healthy and well behaved. The Balmoral, from Hobart Town, 14th instant, reports a brig going in, supposed to be the Emma, hence. The Golconda, which arrived on 25th from Liverpool, with immigrants, has been placed in Quarantine by the Health Officer, there having been some fever on board during the passage ; but as the immigrants will be immediately landed, the vessel will receive pratique in a day or two. The mails per R.M.S, Simla contained 17,692 letters, and 20,000 newspapers. The Yarra Yarra (s.) leftCape Moreton on Tuesday, the 26th, at 3'30 p.m.; brisk southerly wind, with flne_ weatoer, during the passage. The Waratah (s.) arrived at Brisbane on 24th instant. The barque Juno drove ashore on the night of the 17th, close to the pilot station, and became a total wreck ; all hands saved. The brig Julia Percy parted from hw anchors, off the pilot station, on the night of the'22nd instant, drove ashore, but was got off again, with damage to rudder, and would proceed to Brisbane for repairs. The Bonnie Doon would leave for Sydney in ballast, in a day or two. The German ship Pauline, and Gazehound, wees lying in the Bay. The Yarra Yarra was detained at tf risbano from the 18th to the 26th, on account of the heavy floods, being fire feet of water over the tops of the wharves. The Heather Bell, from Liverpoool, reports having spoken the following vessels May 1. Fortune, from Liverpool to Launcps ton, lat 43*51' S., long. 76*12 E., 67 days out. May 25. Prussian ship. Martin Frederick, off Cape Otway, from Liverpool to Sydney. Mny 27. Eagle, schooner, from Sydney to Melbourne. Gabo Island. — We have received the following information from a correspondent concerning the anchorage at this island, which till lately has been all but a terra incognita. ' On the latest chart? by Captain Stokes there is merely thp notice of a landing place on the north-west side of Gabo Island ; as, however, the anchorage of which I am about to speak is something more than a mere landing- place, I think it deserres particular mention. Although known to several coasting vessels, yet the majority of our coasters do not know any consistent facts concerning this shelter. It is a small cove exactly on the north-west side of the I island, with the small islet of Tallabunga almost in one with Genoa | Peak, if anything, a little open to seaward. Any vessel running in, especially if disabled, and with the wind from south-east, must keep quite close to the island ; so close, in fact, as to hardly see more than the top of the lighthouse above the cliffs, in order to haul sharp round the southern horn of the little bay, and anchor in five or four and a-half fathoms water, where a frigate miuht ride more safely than in manv a harbour of greater pretensions. This southern horn is the first distinct point, and can be easily discerned in the daylight. Round this small harbour stand the dwellings of the stone-cutters and light-keepers, in all about. 70 people. The granite of the island is very beautiful, and must be capable of a polish like marble. It is red and glittering, and, as far as I am able to judge, the finest stone I have seen in Australia. When vessels are required to take off a quantity, a red cross is set up on the south-east side of the island, and lis. per ten paid as freieht to Sydney or Melbourne.' The Northern Railway, the Stf.amdoats, and the Mail. — The following letter appears in a Maitland paper, of Saturday last, signed ' An Old Subscriber ' : — The Clarence steamer came down the river last Wednesday evenintr, stopped in Newcastle harbour for the night, and started on Thursday morning for Sydney. There must be some arrangements made between the railway and steamers, so as to ensure more regularity with the delivery of the mails. If the steamer from Sydney ha= not arrived before starting the first train to Maitland, the instructions from the Pos^n stor- Gpner;]l avo to lot- thp mails £?o bv t.hp Morpeth - the boat sometimes sticking on the Flats— so that the mail arriving late in Maitland, is too late for up-country ; the same instructions are also given with the afternoon boat for the newspapers arriving from Sydney. I think if the boats arrived at Newcastle too late for the train, the train should start first at their usual time, and return, and then start again, (I mean in the morning), with the mails and passengers. This will accommodate the public, and at the same time the mail can be forwarded by. the same train. This is only a suggestion Mr. Editors. Perhaps some of your readers can pripose a better mod 1 of quick postal communication iur wtriuiic ui uic im imuuw lv, . This morning when the boat arrivrd with the heavy up-country and English mails, the coach which conveys the mails from the boat to the train was just in time to get them away - a few minutes later would have disappointed the public of the long-looked-for English news, and some of our up-country friends would have - been disappointed for a week, if not longer. There are great complaints also from Sydney, about the Herald newspapers ; and there is a greater evil still, namely, if the steamer arrives late in the afternoon in Newcastle they are sure to be late at Morpe:h; and I am informed the coaches wait to a certain time at Mor peth, and if no boat has arrived, start back for Maitland, without tlieSvdney paper of that day, being a great disappointment to the public) and more so for the gentlemen connected with the Press. There must be something quickly done before the Com missioner of Railways fixes .he time table for the month of June, or the evil will go on. Both companies' boats wait for the arrival of the train, in the evening, and the railroad officers wiil not wait a minute for the steamers, and the boats may be sometimes near ths port— this is not returning the compliment. Kiama Steam Navigation Company.— The first quarterly meet ing of the extended company was held at Kiama on the 19th instant, for settlement of the accounts, Mr. D. L. Waugh, in the chair. The state of the affairs was highly satisfactory to the shareholders of the companv, and a dividend was declared of 5s. per share. The report stated' that the steamers (the Kiama having been thoroughly repaired, refitted, and improved) were all now in excellent working condition. The directors stated their steamers were now using the 'Osborne's Wallsend Coal,' which returned to the district of Wollongong a large proportion of the freight tVinro - nnrt tir wliipli a f-nnsidpr.'hlfi savinor would at nnep be made in the expenses so as to reduce the heavy expense incident to steamers, at the same time that the district would be much benefited. Thanks were moved to Mr. Manning for his careful and energetic management, and the meeting separated, all evi dently gratified with the state of affairs. It was ordered that such portion of the new shares as were created to carry out the pur chase of the steamers of the Illawarra and Shoalhaven Steam Navigation Company, should be disposed of to enable the Company to complete its financial arrangements, and agents were directed to be appointed for that purpose at Kiama, Wollongong, and Shoal haven.— Illnwarra Mercury, Narrow Escape of a Whaler —In the list of arrivals at the Bay of Islands, contained in this morning's issue, will be observed that of the Othello, a ship with 1500 barrels sperm on board. Her arrival was under the following circumstances :— A day or two before two men arrived at Russell, overland from Wangaroa, and reported a ship in distress at anchor in the Waihoua, a deep bay aooui ten miics nuruiwesiui uii* riup. v^aijuam uuigi-i bl once manned a whale boat and proceeded to the spot. On getting there be found the ship under weigh. He boarded and brought her into port. The Othello, for such she proved to be, had been I bound for the Bay, tut had set into Waihoua during a calm, and I had narrowly escaped being drifted ashore. Although without wind there had been a fearful swell in the Bay, and the ship was at anchor for fourteen hours, had had her bows cut down to. the 'tween decks by the action of the chains. — Auckland Pap-r. Departure of the Murhay Steamers. — Thesteamer Leichhardt, for the Goolwa, and her sister boat, the Sturt, for Port Elliot, took their departure on Sunday morning, with full cargoes of general merchandise, on discharging which, they will proce.d up the Muj'jvjy, and recommence the navigation of that river,— 5. A, Jtegis?i' , May 18. 