VICTORIA. fFrom our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, May 26. I have again to report a, rising market; breads tuffs are greatly in request, and specula tion in all import articles is freely entered into. The Simla is advertised to sail to-morrow morning. Slie has not yet arrived from Sydney. The following rates may be quoted:-Flour (Adelaide) £21; do. Yan Diemen's Land, £16 10s.; bran, 4s.; oats, 15s.; wheat, 8s. On Monday last the declaration of the final state of the poll, taken for the representation of the North-Western Province, was declared by the Returning Officer at Castlemaine. The number of votes for Mitchell was 317, and for Simson 262, thus Mr. Mitchell has been re elected by a majority of 55 votes, and will take his seat ia the TJpper House in his official capacity of Postmaster-General. Now that the elections are finished and the members of the present Administra tion returned to their seats in the House by their respective constituencies, the public begin to look into the future and to await with eager anticipation the reopening of the Legislative Chambers, when the line of policy intended to be pursued by the Ministry, and the character of the antagonism of the Opposition, will be exposed. It is conceded by a large majority matmose gentlemen wno lorn tne nenr Ad ministration are eminently fitted to fill with singular usefulness those responsible positions which they now occupy. The triumphant results which have followed their several appeals to the countiy for re election prove that tjhey possess the entire con fidence of the great mass of the people, and it remains now to be seen whether that confidence was well or ill placed, and whether the mem bers of the late Administration will deal fec tiously or fairly with those great questions which, introduced to the Souse by members of the Haines Ministry, will form the theme of the deliberations of the House. Fortunately, we don't require to wait long for the curtain risingj Parliament meets to-day, when the partially known line of policy to be adopted by the Ministry will be fully declared by our burly and talented Premier; the hitherto masked batteries and closed portholes of the Opposition will be disclosed, and the cross kenchers will exhibit the Laodicean element of their unfortunately undecided condition. What ever course may be pursued by those last named parties, it is satisfactory to know that nearly all the energy, ability, and legislative talent which the Souse contains is ranged on the Ministerial benches, and thus it may con fidently be anticipated that the business of the country will neither be impeded nor overlooked. The dinner given to Mr. Fellows, at St. ICilda, w honour of his triumphant return for that district, was well attended, and passed off with the utmost enthusiasm, nearly all the Government members being present. The speeches, of course, were all of a political nature, and as the occasion was one of rejoicinc*, partook largely of the lo triumphs character! Mr. Michie was prevented from being present on account of illness, and Mr. was absent prosecuting his canvass among his friends m the North-Western Province. The friends of the Liberal cause seem determined to merit their distinctive appellation, an instance of which is shown in the feet that in the course of a few hours a suin of money sufficient to defray the election expenses of Mr. Michie during the late contest was subscribed for that purpose. Yesterday loyalty was fn the ascendant, and business transactions, spite of speculation and paying rates, was for the nonce relinquished. The annual celebration of the Q.ueen's birth day (which joyful event you in Adelaide seem to have been in great haste to celebrate) was observed in Melbourne only yesterday, when all Government Offices, Banks, and shops were closed, and business of all kinds nearly suspended. At noon a grand' review of the troops in barracks, the colonial Yeomamy and Artillery Regiments, took place on Barrack Hill, an eminence adjoining Prince's Bridge, and an appropriate spot for militaryevolutions and spectacles. The regiment is composed of a fine- looking body of men, and their firm soldierlike aspect during the various warlike manoeuvres had a highly imposing effect. The victoria Yeomanry corps mustered strong, and could be seen in all directions galloping in gallant dragoon fashion towards the scene of operations. There was a very large number of spectators. This evening the annual Queen's Birthday ball will take place, and, although the gay scene will not be graced by His Excellency the Governor, it is anticipated from the admirable arrangements already completed that the unavoidable absence of Her ' Majesty s representative will on this occasion be partly supplemented by the magnificent decorations of the building and the splendour and numerical strength of the assemblage. His Excellency the Governor is at present on a tour through Victoria for the purpose of meeting Sir William Denison, Governor of New South Wales, at Beechworth. The pro gress of His Excellency has been marked by exhibitions of loyalty on the part of the in habitants of the various towns and villages through which he has passed; addresses, con gratulatory and complimentary, have been pre sented by the municipal bodies, and gracious answers returned. The line of railway between Melbourne and Geelotig is nearly ready for "passenger and other traffic. The other day a train was run between the two places in two and a half hours. A meeting of the projectors of line of railway between Geelong and Ballarat took pkee last week, but as the plans of the pro in Add^r't ' derli captured m Adelaide, has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment. jears \- Melbourne Omnibus Company has issued a prospectus, in which it is proposed to ^ ojnPatly5 with a capital of £100 (- ' m 20,000 shares of £5 eachP Ite prfsS success are considered certain, and a few? namiCS fPP63* ** the 1184 of Committee The latest market reports are as follow Th* Mills.-The mil! rf^^T for firsts. Since then a great impetus has been given to prices, which may now be quotedFine, £13 = seconds f ' 3^ Californian, £16; Haxall, £25 per bought at 7s. 9d. to 8s. per bushel. Flour, Grain, &c.-The; flour market^ which has for some tune past exhibited but little activity, has within the last few days become excessively lively. An ex tensive spirit of speculation has arisen, from what immediate eanse it is difficult to explain. Yesterday reports were life of sales at such varied prices that it was impossible to give anything like a correct quota tion; to- day, however, prices have been more definite, and although a strong- feeling evidently exists to drive prices upwards, and rumours of tales at most re markable pr'ees have been reported, we believe £21 Eer ton cash is the highest price that bona fide sales are been effected at, at which rate we know of large sales. Purchases have been chiefly for specnla tiou; but as it is patent that country buyers have been holding back for some weeks past, and must consequently be short of stock of this article, we see no reason why the present, or even tin improved rate should not be supported to a moderate extent; at the tame time it must be borne in mind that the present advance is almost confined to South Australian flour and should holders of other growth be induced to force the market with foreign supplies on hand, the profits of speculators may be precarious; and it is scarecly needful to warn buyers that the rapid in crease in value in this commodity will be qoielily re sponded to by. supplies from our South Australian neighbours. Bran has been sold to-day in consider able parcels at 4s, and sales are reported as high as 4s. 3d. per bushel, but for the latter we do not vouch. The high prices of herse corn has induced purchases of wheat for crushing, and sales have been made to-day m considerable quantities for that puipose at 7s, 9d, the quality hardly suitable for grinding. Barley continues scarce, and is much wanted. Sales hare been madeat 10s. to 10s. 6d. per bushel. Oats continue in extensive demand, and until unexpected arrivals come to hand are likely to command excessive prices. Colonial growth are held for 16s.; sales have, however, been made at 15s. for not very prime samples. A sale of V.D.Ij., to - arrive, ling been made at 15s., at which rate a consi derable parcel of Danish is held. Scotch arc very Bcarce, and cannot be correctly quoted. Split peas, oatmeal, and other substitutes for oa'.s, for horse feed, are in good demand, and commanding full quoted rates. Maize is scarce, and consumers are anxiously looking for arrivals of the new crop from Sydney and New Zealand. {.From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, May 20, 1857. A quiescent lull in things political lias fol lowed the late excitement connected with the elections of the various G-overnment candidates. In every district the members of the new Administration have hitherto been successful. Mr. Mitchell, a candidate for the representa tion of the North-Western or Castlemaine District, is now the only gentleman belonging to the new Administration whose election has not taken place. He is opposed by Mr. H. N. Simson. The jubilant condition of the Mel bourne electors is intended to be gratified on Friday first, when a public dinner will take place at St. Kilda, in honour of Mr. Fellows, the newly-returned member. The proceedings of the Licensing Bench of Magistrates continue to form an item of public comment. The disappointed applicants and their more fortunate co- traders have joined to gether, and made war against the entire Bench. Mr. Dawson, retained as their special advocate to urge the necessity of a re- hearing, has ap peared almost daily before the Bench, "with very little success. Persuasive and dictatorial authority of a well-bred barrister has not been wanting on his part, but His Worship the Mayor continues deaf to the voice of entreaty or warning. Mr. Dawson's eloquent sentences are met with a single monosyllable, and when legal arguments are flung at the Bench with startling effect, the Mayor quietly gets over the difficulty by declaring the Court adjourned. Out of doors, as you may well imagine, the Mayor is not referred to in very complimentary or elegant terms, and as his opponents are numerous and influ ential, a strong coalition is being formed to prevent, not only his re-election to the ma yoralty of the city, but his re-election to a seat in the Council. There are others, however,, who, although opposed to the Mayor in His mode of procedure in this licensing question, entirely coincide with the result which the re fusal to grant licences to houses will eventuate; and a desire has been frequently, expressed in certain circles that some public demonstration should take place to strengthen and support the Mayor in the discharge of his present bold and arduous duties. Yesterday the Licensing Court Bat, and the opinions of the law officers of the Crown re specting the power of the Court to grant a re hearing of applications was read, and the Mayor ? " The Bench are of opinion that, in some cases in which the renewals of licences have been re fused, that, although it necessarily involves in dividual hardship, and that in some particular cases they might be disposed to review their decision, yet, considering the opinion of the law officers of the Crown, they do not desire to act in opposition to the opinion therein expressed. The Licensing Act will 110 doubt undergo amendment during the present session, and the Bench may then be in a position to reconsider previous to the quarterly licensing day in Sep tember. The difficulty the Bench feel is that it is almost impossible to constitute a Bench composed of the same Justices, and therefore they are not disposed to sit in judgment and review the decision of others. Those applicants refused on the ground of incomplete premises or accommodation will receive due considera tion from the Bench on their next application; whilst to those who have conducted their houses without regard to decency or morality, the Bench feel that to hold out any encourage ment would be unjust to the community." Mr. Dawson rose and said he wished to speak a word to the Bench, but the Mayor intimated to the learned gentleman that, in the opinion of the Bench, the business was at an end. Their Worships then left the Bench. MeG-regor, the young man apprehended in Adelaide some weeks ago, on a charge of em bezzling sums of money belonging to the Go vernment of Victoria, was brought up for trial yesterday in the Supreme Court. Mr. Dawson and Mr. Aspinall acted as his counsel. The charge was proved, and the Jury gave a ver dict of guilty, but sentence was delayed on account of a point of law in the prisoner's favour reserved by His Honor for considera tion. The railway between Melbourne and St. Kilda was opened without any form or cere mony a few days ago, and is now in active operation. It is expected that the Geelong Railway will be opened for traffic of all kinds in a fortnight. Thus Victoria is being, ad vanced and developed. In connection with railways I may mention that Mr. Richard Woolley, who was suspended from his position of Secretary to the Railway Beard, in conse quence of certain charges winch were brought against him, has passed through the investiga tion, and is now reappointed to his previous position. The Great Britain sails from Hobson's Bay to-morrow morning. The Simla is advertised to sail on the 15th June next. "We have files of the Melbourne journals to the 26th inst. BBIGHTON ELECTION.-The Returning Offi cer officially declared the state of the poll which was taken for this district on Thursday, in front of the Little Brighton Hotel, on Satur day morning, at 12 o'clock. There were about 150 persons present. The result of the poll was a3 follows: For Ebden ... ... .. 289 For Toynbee ... ... ... 204 Majority for Ebden ... 35 He therefore declared Charles Hotson Ebden, Esq., to have been duly returned as the repre sentative of the District of Brighton in the Legislative Assembly. THE MAIL SERVICE.-The Argus states that the screwsteamship Great Britain has been taken up by the Government to supply the broken link in the line of the European and Australian Royal Mail Company caused by the disaster to the Oneida. The Great Britain was to leave port on the 21st, for Liverpool, with a fair prospect of making her destination in about 60 days. The combined mails from the United Kingdom for Melbourne per Oneida and Simla consisted of upwards of 320 boxes, containing 54,400 letters, of which 1,720 were registered, and about 90,000 newspapers. The letters by these mails, together with 3,800 received by Indian mails, and those of the inland Offices, making a total of 58,200, were mostly distri buted and disposed of through their different channels by 5 p.m. on the following day. THE POPULATION.-A census of the popula tion of the colony was taken on the 29th March last. The district returns are in a sufficiently advanced state in the office of. the Registrar General to permit of the total being pretty nearly arrived at j and we find . that we are warranted in computing our numbers at 400,000. Immigration has not been active this month. The net increase by the seaboard for the rjtear has been 13,612 souls. Arrived. Departed. d January 7,081 ... 1,870 T February 2,612 ... 1,812 ! March 6,823 ... 1,985 April ... 4,891 ... 1,708 Week ended 8th May (Melbourne only) ... 672 ... 339 Do.'15 th, do 607 ... . 175 " , . 21.492 ... 7 880 Deduct departed ... 7,880 . Net increase 13,612 -Argot. RAILWAYS DT VICTORIA.-The following in formation is from various sources. The rail way from Melbourne to St. Kilda was opened for public traffic oil Wednesday, the 13th instant, and the rolling-stock proved to be scarcely adequate to convey the immense num- i ber of passengers who poured into the ("mini on Sunday. It is stated that the railway be tween Melbourne and Geelong will be opened throughout in about a fortnight, and it is un derstood to be the intention of the Govern ment to hasten forward the construction of the trunk lines which are intended to connect our i principal gold-fields with the seaboard, as Boon as the requisite parliamentary: authorization shall have been obtained. The following is an extract from a letter from London, dated 16th March, _ 1857 :-" Your Victorian Railway scheme is anything but palatable to our capi talists. They.do not see their way clear. The impression is that several millions will be re quired more than what is now anticipated, and that railways in Australia cannot pay for years to come, and looking at the whole it seems much like a Government job. Rothschild made a remark 011 Change the other day, 'Ah, they will require fifty millions, and, looking at the extraordinary mixed population, when the time arrives for them having to pay two or three millions yearly tliey will belike the Penn sylvania's and Mexicans-repudiate, and say that it is not their principle to pay the interest, neither their interest to pay the principal.' The only bona fides that will pass currant here amongst the Shylocks is the freehold of an acre for every pound they advance, and the railways under their own control as to con struction, expenditure, and receipts. They are rampant at the idea of the interest being paid out of their own capital. Your proposed Na tional Bank of Issue is below par in their estimation, your emigration plans have given umbrage to the Commissioners ; you are very unfortunate in your moves." The Warrnam bool tramway is progressing very rapidly. The road is just on the point of completion, and a great portion of the rail is laid down across the, racecourse. The rail is composed of red gum, and the sleepers of white gum, and the former is certainly the finest specimen of that timber we have ever seen in the district. It was generally supposed that there was no red gum here, but Mr. Barlow is obtaining the timber for the rails from the vicinity of Black's Xiver, about 14 miles from town, and he informs us that he has since dis covered a fine belt of red gums within seven miles of Warrnambool. In digging near the swamp a hard bottom ot shells was found, and in one place a very extensive bed of mussel shells was discovered. HOUSE-EENT IN MELBOURNE.-From all quarters complaints are continually reaching us of the exorbitant- demands just now being made for house-rent. Nothing habitable within A mile of the city is to be had at a rent less than £1 per week, and a large family has no chance of respectable accommodation within " business time" of Melbourne under £2 per week. In short, the " rent tax" upon incomes is becoming unbearable, and the proprietors of liouse properly in this city are creating for themselves a monopoly of the most intolerable kind. It may not suit the peculiar views of the Melbourne operatives that there should ba a large increase of emigration to these colonies, but it is certain that the classes which, having equal claims to attention, are at present made to suffer for the stand being made against the encouragement of competition, and so would rapturously hail the arrival here of men and material sufficient to make the result of their labour advantageous to themselves.-Herald. INSPECTOB-GEKEBAI. OF PENAL ESTABLISH MENTS.-We are informed that Mr. Champ, of Tasmania, has been chosen to fill the place of the late Mr. Price, as Inspector-Grenerial of the Penal Establishments of this Colony. The salary of the office is £1,000.-Argus. THE -WLLLIAMSTOWN COXTICTS.-The excite ment and insubordination which prevailed amongst the convicts on board the President " hulk at the period of the late Mr. Price's murder has remained unabated to the present time. The Visiting Justice and Magistrates have been frequently on the spot, and unre mitting in their anxious endeavours to devise a system of classification of the prisoners which will be more effective in the restoration and maintenance of order than that wliich is pur sued at present. The conduct of the prisoners on Saturday last was so exceedingly boisterous and refractory that orders have been issued to place the whole of those on board the Presi dent on a bread-and-water diet until further instructions. It will be imagined that affairs had assumed a formidable aspect before the authorities felt themselves justified in resorting to such a means of reducing the unhappy men to a 6tate of subjection. Their conduct has bsen, almost without intermission from the period referred to, of a most violent character, and the language which they use threatening and profane in the extreme. The criminals in the other hulks are behaving themselves in a peaceable and orderly manner.-Argus. SEIZURE OP A GANG OF CHUTESE GAMBI/Eits. -For some little time past the attention of the aetecbive police uas oeea arawn to a supposed Chinese gambling-house situated in Little Bourke-street east, in that part of the street commonly called the Chinese Quarter. Ac cordingly a warrant having been obtained, a strong body of officers, consisting of Mr. Inspector Nicholson, and Detectives Grant, Williams, Bendall, Addy, Scott, Perkins, Evans, and Eason, proceeded last evening, about half-past 7 o'clock, to the house in question, and, finding the door open, rushed up a steep ladder staircase and into a sort of large dormitory, containing a number of stretchers. A partition divided the dormitory from another apartment, entered by a door, at which a Chinaman stood as sentinel. As soon as the alarm was given the Chinese made a tremendous rush in a body, butting with their heads, and endeavouring to escape by windows, doors, and every available mode of issue. The whole gang, including a number who were in the dormitory, might have amounted^o about 150\. Inspector Nicolson and Detectives Wil liams and Evans were the first up, and were followed by Eendall and others, the remainder of the officers staying below. A furious scuffle took place, and the officers had to use their sticks and whips pretty freely, many of them being several times knocked down. Ultimately, however, about 19 or 20 Chinese were secured, and safely lodged in the watchhouse. The officers also seized a lot of Chinese money and appliances for gambling. The prisoners will be brought up for examination at the City Police Court this morning. The conduct of the detective officers, whether a conviction be obtained against the culprits or not, deserves much credit, and to the boldness and skilfulness of theirp attack may be attributed the capture of so many offenders. The Argus of the 20th publishes a summary of commercial news from which we extract the fellowing intelligence: The continued in pouring of European goods on a heavily-stocked market has kept the market in an inani mate state during the month that has elapsed since our last summary was dispatched. The Simla's advices have caused aa extraordinary reaction, and importers are asking higher prices for nearly every imported article. This will be seen on reference to the list of prices cur rent in another column. In the majority of cases these advances will be maintained, but in the present state of the market it is almost impossible to give quotations. Enquiries are active^and sellers are apparently busy, but, in reality, few transactions are occurring. The roads are. lined with loaded drays proceeding to the interior, but these have been principally dispatched by sccond hands connected with the gold-fields' trade. There is a marked improvement in public confidence. No new failures have occurred to disturb this feelisg, while the regularity with which engagements have been met, both in town and on the gold-fields, has done much to strengthen it. Should the European advices of the. 16th April give stronger evidence of the falling off in shipments hither than that supplied by the Simla's mails, an active and profitable winter trade will be dose. Should they, on the c ntrary, speak of continued shipments, the market will once more relapse into the heavy state which charac terized it since th' commencement of the year. In the export market some excitement has been caused by the Simla's advices. Shippers of wool have had reason to congratulate themselves on the success that has attended their ventures. The wool season is fairly over in the Australian colonies, no public sales being now held. Private transactions have taken place in small parccls, at an advance of from Id. to lfd. on the rates in operation at the last sale. Tallow is quiet, at from £48 per ton for mixed to £50 per ton for.first quality of mutton. In hides there has been an advance declared, but transactions have been very limited, at from 5£d. to 6£d. per lb. ? ? Saturday, 16th May, 1S57. Hai Mabebt.-Transactions have been active during the week, and prices have steadiiy advanced; 343 loads only have been brought in, which sold readily as under,. viz.:-Best hay, £15 10s. to £16; second class, and stained, £9 to £13 per ton. Straw, £110s. to £5 10s.' per ton. LIVE STOCK MAEKET.-The market has been fully supplied during the week. Inferior descriptions were, very plentiful, and of difficult sale eveOt&ftstore; prices. Trade has been very dull and prices hav^-a downward tendency, and as several large lots are close to town no improvement in prices can be looked for during the ensuing week. We quote-beef, prime, 25s. to 27s. 6d. per 100 lbs.; second rate/ 17s. 6d. to 21s. LtBotrs Maukkt.-The rates of wages continue un changed, vrith, if anything, a still downward inclination. i m domestic servants find ready employment, wniie those unaccustomed to the duties they seek to en gage in are, from the number of qualified servants enng, less in request. Female servants' wages are, .generally lower. Labouring men find difficulty of ^he S ®°aPl0Jn?°ntat rates, and at this season I muslnnwrfir??63 fQr having no specific calling "i - ybe expected to be low. Artisans and me chanics are quite adequate to all requirempX^ 