^¡ÎM1»V Auction. .^¡Y~4tïi JANUARY, 1853. 4"" "of Valuable City and St. Kilda leasehold Property. .. rates. Speculators, and Others. 'Wg, Kilda, and Stores in Bourke-street 114 east. nSS "and PERRY are favored i instructions from Mr. Thomas Eden!, 'Li; nrfMcdlng to England, to submit ' station, at their new auction mart, New Monday, 4th January, 1858, at intentioned Freehold Properties : , "newly erected and valuable property, a story street, St Kilda, known as a ADEN TERRACE, Äntiiibä'antiallybuiltandgontoolfaTnlly seen containing ten commodious apart serviced brick built stable, coachhouse, hay round a sleeping room, the whole having a 'full front and back, and thoroughly well very respect- a ji "f and 200 feet frontage by a depth or in right of way) MRS are at present all under lease to respect her and producing an aggregate rental of premium, which will be considerably In. ihaestilrati n of the existing leases expr ""breomonths^^ "recent parcel of land, having a frontage of 3 Dalgety 'street, by a depth of 160, Imme "in,, the above mentioned property. at Together with Morton house, erected on the same ; the "fU ü out as a garden, and well stocked with centres of various kinds, as well as flowers be able portion of the purchase money of By remain on the mortgage for two years was Lot 3, B like street Property, two very recently and substantially erected ¡, numbered 168 and 170 Bourke- street Shavings. frontage of 22 foot by a depth of i ftuttiiniW't-0' waJ at the rear, 'were present occupied by Messrs. Boperand j j,,, 170 h divided into two tenements, the idea is an annual rental of £1,040. ' give unexceptionable. .; if the attention of the public to this Bale jun hon test the inspection of the proJ. in ding purchasers that at St. Kilda, is rightfully situated on orlookingthe Bay, la proximity to the Railway Station, and LJ by the residence of the elite of this is li i K ! lace, which is being daily rendered i ill i liv the various public works now in (t I ki son of front property needs no comment the p, i ( traffic and business in this particular (1¡<(iy balling unmistakeable. lemons may be known on application to am on ' 819 WEDESDAY, 23d DECEMBER. will meet Immigrants, Speculators, and 1,1 Others. of Land. Land. Land. IRONS and PERRY will sell by fire at the Commercial Sales Room, on Sir, Jan Inst, at twelve o'clock, this means of land, situate In the township met at the junction of the Saltwater and [the. ' -s M were allotments, each having a frontage of Millam-sLrcot Thespians are beautifully skin in the Grand Junction Railway. Carter acre lots to Oxford-street. i q our hero lots to Johnston and Junction recent Liberal, declared at Sale. 5343 TUESDAY, 17th DECEMBER. linen, Newly - Arrived Immigrants and r Others Mrs J of 132 Valuable Building Allotments, request store, near the Saltwater River. iloVS arid PERRY have received " Ruelle is from the owner to sell by auction, tan in day Sales Room, on Tuesday, 29th last., Yeulik, iii i it I help piece or parcel of land, being part Un7, pi Is "f Cut-Paw-Paw, and known as Queenstown (Saltwater River, subdivided into convenient J] o»> - i Lots Nos. 1 to 21 nch Trout (ova to streets 30-foot wide of 03 j stolen His depth of 140 foot Lots Nos. 1,10, 'Earn valuable concrete, having frontages of Lots 23 to 83 sell frontages of 66 feet, by a depth of 132 Lots 34 to life hath frontages r 00 foot, by a depth of 140; issuance valuable corner lots in this block. Lots 60 to 60, -years a frontage to Julia-street of 60 feet, by reef 2 feet I Lots 37 to 38 still in frontage of 60 foot to Lynch and Julia a in call of 40 feet Lots 30 to 30, Shot t a frontage of 60 foot to Julia-street, by the li feet T oats 100 to 120 straw yard is i allotments, each having a front light t it is rich and, Julia streets, by a depth lil, 0 no to the Saltwater River. Lots 122 to 132 visiting i adonnants have a frontage of 50 foot, fall iii or lb of 112 feet reins Liberal, declared at Sale. , , and fern wish to call the attention of the jet first so favorable opportunity for pure fur it city in such a very rapidly rising town is tin h in being situate close to the um i Junction Railway Station, . , LU. to the Pink line and the Punt, on the Salt River The whole of the land is high and dry, times is a splendid view of Melbourne St, Li shall i n Williamstown, and all the surround-; me and is situated within half an hour's ki tim i " Great Metropolis Ustapital macadamised road the whole of the Title first-rate. £00t>docl214 10 1921 28 2028 20 Ill MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER. Best met him Makers, Storekeepers, and Others. WINE and PERRY will sell by nine >, a, the Commercial Sales Room, on us, our met, at twelve o'clock, John each containing 60 pairs men's best home built iwttriiglim Ful as at Sale. 6343 MtUVEaDvY, 23rd DECEMBER. 7 liKnrnrjiu an, Amateur Gardeners, and Others, li it. vivid Sale of Splendid Pot Plants. WON 6 and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wed- li;, IN Just, at twelve o'clock, Ittuco cleaning of flowers, in pots, consisting care, I uri us, in bloom foliaged, do Ctiaiiiuii s do, do Own up, L ikunlarias, hydrangeas, gerberas and taut it verbenas, musk, myrtle within-, surfilK Island pines, Moreton Bay pines, MiujVhui a. And, Aqimutliy or others, too numerous to advertise. _ "terms Cash. 6343 AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. ALEXANDER YOUNG- and 00., li Aw. manners and Commission Agents, 23 Queen at a of an 1 Ikmio Property disposed of by the Audi n or by Private Sale. Cash advance] clean mirth indino sent to their rooms for sale or lessening) of warehouSe receipts ; or on bills of slag ' Loinitiid mortgages negociated at the lowest rates ' Intirui AwttaJtoiiH, 23 Qucen-Btreet._5340 SATURDAY, 20th DECEMBER." A Great Bargain, a t , And a short Opportunity. . 'If Indignant and Successful Classes in Hal no, Uoohnig, Ballaarat, Bendigo, Ararat, Du i), Li.stmiHi.iiio, Maryborough, Warrnambool. Island, and Port Albert, to. ' Sale or the Bowling Green Hotel, At the Railway Station, Little River. ALEXANDER YOUNG- and 00. A (.(ULn-Mirs to Stubbs and Son) have received "suffering from the proprietor, Mr. Henry ZJlokloäS, 1 III by either 1,11, mi the premises, on Saturday, 24th -I, it nine o'clock precisely (If not previously dis- -i ii liv private contract, of which due notice iJkgHiO, ii those valuable freehold house and premises, OMEO The Bowling Green Hotel, at Little River, with the grounds attached, com 1 £29 iii«.?-muru or less. HIIWUJU mu built expressly by Mr. Nickless for central, JUIJ I am arrangements are most convenient rainfalls for a family trade. There are in all nine was in the principal buildings viz., a large ball 'Kiruimli g the whole depth of the house, and of Ml(nt|ii(i|>i>riioni>¡ a first-rate bar-room, two per bii'ourUedruuiiis, and a bagatelle-room ; there is a i hen in the, rear of the hotel and two servants' favour It, two storerooms, stable, and shed barn. ItSLu-ito i disparity laid cut, with a bowling green lawns, and tastefully arranged flower-beds. The! Jtijird is very promising, and the vines will bear year. the j vegetable garden is very productive, Mile paddock has a most luxuriant crop of barley. j-'»li'jlo running a very compact farm and family ''completion of the Geelong Railway is ancient 11 as ordinary importance to the interests of the tMry and the of convenience of the people, It has gives! up the plains stretching via the Worrlbo, the 'Swan River, and the beautiful You Yangs, and 'Mt the two great rival cities into more immediate 'station, in times a day the trains pass and repass the hotel, 'Milk links a day will the good offices of the land slabs required to consult the tastes of his customers, wmbeiliigtbatas the traffic increases so will his The Little River Station is within half an hour's way of Geelong, and when the Railway is opened longingly to Melbourne (which will be in the. month)) "will be brought within an hour's ride of the motor pT, and, from the great beauty of the neighbor 'T, there can be no doubt that the Bowling Green which will become a very favorite resort for picnics '."¡?»aimer quarters for the gentry and tradespeople is the two principal cities of Victoria. " Terms Very Liberal. .""«.laird cash, and the remainder in bills at 3, 6; ' in!"' "extent, bearing interest at 3 per cent, of it w night remain for two years at 6 percent. (woman. ' ? ,. A Luncheon will be Provided. Melbourne purchasers must leave by the 8.48 trade defenders street. - BMQ Sales by Auction. MONDAY? 21st DECEMBER 175 Casks Byass'slAloi and Porter. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. . (successors to Stubbs and Son will Bibby auction, at their rooms, Queen- street on Monday, 21st Inst, at develops 75 casks Byass's stout, each a dozen 100 do do ale, each 4 dozen Just landed, in fine order and condition, Terms at Salo_S3tO MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others Mace, Sago, Cayenne ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and Son) will! sell by auction, at their room s, Queen street, on Monday, Matins, at eleven o'olock, Jex Shah Jehan, C in diamond, N under, 13 cases mace, C in diamond, S under, 82 cases boat ago L C in diamond, K under, 25 cases cayenne pepper Terms at Sale 5340 MONDAY, 21stDECEMBm For the Benefit of all Concerned Nutmegs Nutmegs ALEXANDER YOUNG and 00 "X (successors, to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 21st inst, at eleven o'clock > Ex-Shah Jehan, 10 cases nutmegs To be sold of IT the benefit of all concerned. Without Reserve 636 MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER I Devon shire Older ALEXANDER YOUNG and 30. XJL (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction at their ropnis,Qucon-stroot, on Monday, 21st Inst at eleven o'clock, 60 casks, each 4 doz Devonshire cider Just landed, in prime condition I Terms at Sale 836 MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Splops, Pickles, Sauces, so ALEXANDER YOUNG and 30. "ACT (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street on Monday, 21St inst, at eleven o'clock, C arch mixed spices, 10 lb tins 20 cases pimento, do 100 cases W Hayhow a quart vinegar 20 do salad oil, half pluto 3d do do do, Feast s do 50 do assorted sauces t off Particulars and Terms at Sale 5340 MONDAY, 21st DEOEM13h.lt To Corn Dealers, Livery Stable Keepers, and Others. Oats Oats Oats A ALEX ANDER YOUNG and 30. JOL (succes ors to Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen Street, on Monday, list First, all-over o'clock, 1,200 Bushels prime Danish oats 1, 000 do Adelaide bran , born at Snip 5340 ~' MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER " ' 20 Tons Patna Rice ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, flat just, at eleven o'clock, 20 tons Patna rice Terms at Sale._5310 MONDAY, 21ST DECEMBER 20 Cases Prime Yorkshire Huton ALEXANDER YOUNG and 30. are (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Monday, 21st inst, at eleven o'clock 20 cases prime Yorkshire bacon Just landed, 11 And order and condition. Full Particulars and Tarana at Sale 5340 PROPER TIES FOR PRIVATE SALE AT ALEXANDER YOUNG and 30. JUL (successors to Stubbs and Son), auctioneers Mid commission aunts 23 Queen Street, have received Instructions to south private contract, the following valuable properties 1 the parliamentary corner, comprising seven very valuable building allotments, corner of Collins street and Spi mc, street. 2 The proper way known as the White Hart Inn, on her Bourke-street and Sprint, street, with the late!, conch household stables and five cottages 3 An allotment of land in Collins street west, a first rate also (of warehouses and off! us, having a frontage of about 72 feet, by a depth of 100 foot 4 A building allottment in Collins street west, bay- in, a frontage of 32 feet by a depth of 60 feet Most desirable and valuable allotments for gentle men's residences on the lo ink from comm ending; very extensive views of the Bay and the Dandenong ranges I am full particulars apply to the auctioneers 5340 " MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER Milch Cows 17 BOW and CO are instructed by JJ a Mr. A Bateman, to sell by auction, at their old, Bourke street, on Monday, 21st Inst, I superior milch cow a, with calves at foot sites are in full profit, and guaranteed perfectly quiet_5311 MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER To Gentlemen in Want of a list i itoTuru Out . horse, Banker Gig, and Harness 1 ROW and CO have received in a In structions from W W Anslow Esq to sell by auction, at their yards, iiotirko-stitot, ou Mou Day 21st Inst, (In course sense of his leaving for the interior), His well known piebald play " Treaty," wicket to grow and harness The Whole Without Reserve 531 ' TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER fallen did Household Furniture, Milch Cows, Pigs, I sultry, c, at Holles Knox Esq, Gardiner's Creek BROS and CO have received in a structions from II knox Esq (in conse Goonoo on the green wing up I do country) to sell by auction, at his residence Gardiner's Creek, on Tuesday, 20th m t, at eleven o'clock punts all, Hot hole of his splendid furniture and effects, corner ting of Magnificent piano, by Collard and Collard Drawing, and dining room furniture, Ubi ary, boil room furniture, and the usual household effects 1 Also, Some excellent milking cows, a boar, lately imported from England, together with some superior BOWS, pigs, poultry, (which are inferior to none in the colony,) stack of hay, charcoal', Ac At the same time will be sold the loose (having six of pri, to run from 1st October last) of the house, and \\) out loo acres land The auctioneers particularly call the attention of all the HI who appreciate articles of taste to this sale, and i i ci illy Invite their attendance is in those particulars and catalogues to be had at the office of the auctioneers The property will be on view on Monday, the nth mat 6237 MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER 1,0 Head First-class Colts and Fillies, from Wagga W eggs To Contractors, Bus Proprietors, Carriers and Others. BROS and CO have received in a structions from Brown, as agent for J C. Church, Esq, Wagga Wagga to submit to public competition at their yards, Bourke street, on Mon- t iv, club hint, also first draft of HO superior upstanding colts and (lUfis, direct from the above e named gentleman's station. The attt(iuiiceis call particular attention to this silo According to the vices the mob consists of power in arms, hairy legged cart colts and fillies, and V did as Idle and light harness horses, all exceed in 1) well bred, in capital condition, in short, the um b as to 1 tested I am to afford us cry buyer's opportunity of suiting iiimaolf_5210 THURSDAY, 22nd DECEMBER Wool, Tallow, and Skins At Goldsbrough a Stores 35 ROW and CO will sell by auction, -In at Goldsbrough's stores, Mai Kent-street, on the side , 22nd inst, at eleven o'clock, Wool tallow, and sheepskins 5129 WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER Sale of Lease, Growing Crops. Horses Bullocks, Drays, Ale At Mr, Berry's Tarwin, St Johns at), Bulla Bulla. E? ROW and CO are instructed by by Mr Geo Borrldgoto sell by auction, at his firm (late Mossie s) St John's Hill, Bulla Bulla, on Wednesday 23rd Inst, at twelve o'clock, The ii street in his lease, having over three years to run of the house and farm, containing 227 acres, the whole of whole substantially enclosed After which, will be sold The growing crops, consisting of 60 acres of wheat IN do oats Also Team of working bullocks 4 bulls J J milch cows to horses, heavy draught and saddle 1 Brajs ( Ploughs, are IJ - Terms at Sale, a c 'i 627 dec 28 d s wk Í?BEL1MINAKY NOTICE rtant Sale of Stock and Stations. 32 ItOWnnd 00. are instructed by the late Proprietor, John Mooney, Esq to sale by auction on early day (due notice of which will be Can), the following magnificent squatting propor t of-, viz 5 Tunpuii station, In the Murrumbidgee District, With aWont 23,000 Sheep " A L Murray Downs Station, same district, with 4000 head of cattle a sheep rtlouituT son bsobtalnod at the office of H J tetiflm out, where plans will be exhibited in a f JW ., . ,., 5224 dec 21 THIS DAY. UTON'an Waggon, and Pair of Heavy Draught ! Horses for Sale A J L MORAN and CO beg train to" a theatre that they will sell, at the Melbourne Hat yard 4) Bourke street west, on Saturday, lode left, at eleven o'clock, r ' ' A pair of heavy draught. horses, thoroughly iifAiipi and In flat-rate car driven, about ' intend to draught and waggon purpose, with American waggon and harness centrality, a 1 ? J Allwood oWp?. I the above are wor worth the attention of those In sail ofhotoba for^coiituc« 91 term was more, 160 t I r d j t ' Sales by Auction PUBLIC NOTICE. THE SUBSCRIBERS beg to notify that they have COMMENCED BUSINESS at 81 Queen street as LAND and ESTATE AUCTIONEERS, and invite public attention to their advertisements in the newspapers of this day. ALFRED EDWARD WHEATLEY. ALFRED BLISS. Melbourne, 28th November, 1857-8 084 WHEATLEY and BLISS, Auctioneers, Land and Estate Agents, 284 Queen street. < " Out-door sales effected of cargoes, merchandise, and furniture. .... , ., Mortgages negotiated, and valuations made, and Properties or houses sold or let by private contract, he management and care of estates undertaken for absent or present proprietors. Melbourne, 28th November, 1897-98 AUCTION, NOTICE. TO Hotelkeepers and Publicans, - ALFRED BLISS (of Wheatley and Bliss, estate and furniture auctioneers), 81 Queen-street, still continues to negotiate the Sale and Transfer of Hotel and Public-House Properties, and to act as Furniture and Stock-in-Trade Valuator 682 AUCTION NOTICE. TO Furniture Importers and, Private Families The Undersigned are prepared to SELL FURNITURE by public auction, either at their Mart, 81 Queen street, or on the owner's premises, at the usual rate of commission WHEATLEY and BLISS, Estate and Furniture Auctioneers, 81 Queen-street. 083 THIS DAY. 1 ." St. Kilda, Near the Junction, and Adjoining the Property of Matthew Hervey, Esq , M.L 0. Unreserved Sale of Sixteen Building Allotments. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Others. WHEATLEY and BLISS have re elect ed instructions from Mr Jeremiah Bowles to submit to public competition, on the ground, situate in Clare street (near the Junction, and adjoining the property of Matthew Hervey, Esq., M L J, on Saturday, 19th inst, at half-past one o'clock, All those Sixteen pieces or parcels of land, situate in Clare street. St Kilda, having respectively a frontage of 60 feet, by depths varying from 138 to 140 feet. These allotments are, Without exception, some of the best for villa residences now In the market, possessing excellent locality, fine view, and great depth. They are only separated by a private road from Mr. Hervey's mansion I ned for building sites, now that the railway is open to St. Kilda, ought to be eagerly competed for. 139 The above are of pr absolute and unreserved sale, and the auctioneers invite small capitalists, builders, and others to inspect the sites, judge for themselves, and attend on the day of, sale The Title is Perfect. Terms at Sale. ! i Sale on the Ground at Half past One o'clock on Saturday, 10th December. 016 £3 -3 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. 1 " Richmond. Sale of Land and Cottages. Property in James street, Richmond, at the back of the Swan Hotel. To be Sold in Three Lots, to Suit Small Capitalists. For Absolute Sale, without the Least Reserve. WHEATLEY. and BLISS have been favored with instructions from J. Cameron, Esq to submit J to public competition, on the premises, situate in James street, near the Swan Hotel, Richmond, on Tuesday, 22nd inst, at one o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage of 104 foot, more or less, to James street, by a depth of 60 feet, on which are erected Two well-built weatherboard cottages, each containing six rooms, I J i i i i hills property will be sold in three lots, viz. :- i i Lot I, 100 feet frontagejloiJamos street, by a depth of 43 feet, on which are erected two weatherboard cottages, v Uli verandahs and stone foundations, each containing Ithreoiooms. < i 'n / a / a , J, I (ii Lot 2, 100 feet frontage to a right of-way 15 foot wide, by a [depth of 42 foot on which are erected two weather f board cottages', each containing three rooms. allots, A building allotment (adjoining lot 3), having a frontage of 38 feet to James- street, by a depth of 90 feet, with a 16-foot right of way in the rear. These cottages are situate in James-street, off Brighton-street, near the Swan Hotel, and as Lots 45, 46, 47, and 48,' on! plan of subdivision of portion No. 8, in the parish of Jika Jika, The division into three lots is to suit small capitalists " r < The Whole to be Sold Without the Least Reserve. is Title Perfect Terms-Half Cash, Balance by Three Months Bills. in OUT THURSDAY, 24th DECEMBER. 11 North Melbourne. Sale of Land and Premises in Lothian-street, North Melbourne. Government Allotment 2 of Section 21 B, Government Roads on Three Sides. ' With Reserve. For Absolute Sale, to Close Partnership Account. may HEATLEY and BLISS have been so favored with instructions to tell by public auction, on the ground, situate in Lothian-street, nearly opposite the Constitution Hotel, on Thursday, 24th ins' at one o'clock, 2 All that piece or parcel of land, situation the parish of Jika J ka, being Government allotment No 2, of 1 section 21 li,, containing a frontage of 66 feet to Lotlila -street, by depth of 82 Icol 0 Inches, to no other Government patron, of 33 feet, with another Government Street in the rear. To be sold in two lots, of' - 16 I I Lot 1. 36 feet frontage to Lothian-street, by 82 feet 6 inches [indoors to a Government street 33 feet wide, with another QovcriifnOitti-troct in the rear, on which is I elected that larfjoanilflubstantlnlly.butlt I Wooden Horse, with Slate Roof, jj containing five rooms on the ground floor, and the Buppornory beings capable of , being made into a Small nurse. in, a 1 Jil Lot 2. I A choice building allotment, having a frontage of 84 feet to Lotlilii street, by a depth of 82 feet 10 Inclu s, at 4th a 35 feet street in the rear < 0 be cottage has recently undergone extensive repairs both Hindu run out, and has been late roofed, and is letal H.&0 per manner The building allotment is one of a most desirable character. I also owners of the above property are wishful to close an outstanding partnership account, and fuel is inclined to avoid matters up at a sacrifice. I i lltlnQuirantood I miss- alf Cash, but men three mouths. ON MONDAY i and TUESDAY, 25th and 26th I < JAfvUAlfY. I WARRNAMBOOL Great Sale of Land and Freehold Properties, In the ii. Western Districts I 'In the Insolvent Bottles of William Bateman, Jun., and Co , of H'arrriamliool, Merchants ; of James Cust, of Warrnambool, Landowner, of Joseph Dobson of Warnambool, Innkeeper, of Philip Young,', of Warrnambool:, farmer ; of J O. and A. Marble. been of Warrnambool, Farmers and Others In the same District, J By Order «¿(Richard Learmonth, Esq, Official Assignee of the Geelong District (with the concurrence of the MortyHgou-, and Others till crosscut) WHEATLEY and BLISS, of Melbourne, and SAMUEL MACGREGOR, of Warrnambool, have been instructed by Richard Love mostly, Krtq, the Official Assignee of the Geelong District, (Wash the concurrence of the mortgagees an I others interested), to submit to public competition, at the Royal Archer Hotel, Warrnambool, on Mond ey nud1iicbda>, But 11 and 25th January, 1858, commencing at twelve o'clock Clio a day, 'him fulUnvingilnndul and freehold properties, connected with the above several estates, situated! in the before named rich, highly-favored, well watered and flour long district, viz a. (Lots 4 and it consisting of Dobson's Royal Archer Hotel, furniture, fittings, and stock-in-trade, being omitted on account of having been sold by private contract) a , Lots Onjuudlvldnd freehold moiety of suburbs allotment No 167, parish of Wangoom, containing 2? acres I mode 16 perches, situate immediately adjacent to the River Murray, below Donnington Bridge, an 1 abutting on the Township Reserve The land is fenced on three sides, and under cultivation. The remaining undivided moiety Is leased by Joseph Dobson for four years from the at col. per annum, from the trustees of Mrs Bate man's settlement, the benefit of which can be BOCO For by the purchaser The present vendor, however, do casinos to guarantee the transfer of the lease. Lot 4. A freehold allotment in Lava-street, Warrnambool, being No. 115 of Section 23, containing 1 rood, I This allotments In the northern portion of the town, situate on the rising ground, and adjacent to the Woodford-road, having a fine leaves the Bay. Lot 6\. A freehold allotment In same street, being No. 17 of section n 23, containing 1 rood. This is situate to the east of the last lot. Lot 3. Freehold allotment adjoining the last, being No. 28 of section 11, and also 1 rood. , These last four lots will be sold by the vendor as Official Assignee clear of encumbrance, and possession given on acceptance of the title. i Titles Crown Grants. In the Estate of JAMES OUST, an Insolvent, TVairnainbool. Lot 7. Stone built freehold residence, containing three gallons, four bedrooms, kitchen, pantry, and outoffices; with cultivated gordon, Co., situate in Henna street, Warrnambool. The whole comprising a full half-acre of land, being; lot 4, of section 14, of the township, and forming a complete gentleman's residence, commanding a fine view of Lady Bay and the Southern Ocean, , i Lot 3. Freehold allotment adjoining last lot, balling part of lot 6, of section 14, having 82 feet 8 inches the lennrvfltroot, by a depth of 182 foot, forming in fact part of the garden of fast named premises, but hold under separate title, this and the last lot are now in the occupation of John McMahon Allan, Esq., J. P. Lot 6. A four roomed freehold stone house and yard forming allotment, part of lot 12 of said section 11, having - feet 6 inches frontage to Ryot-street, by LU feet depth, together with stable and the joint use of the well with the proprietors of the adjoining pro perty. Possession of the three last lots will be given after one month from the day of Sale, on acceptance of the title. Lot 10. Freehold allotment In Henna-street, Warrnambool, being part of lot 12, of section 2, having a frontage of au foot 6 inches by a depth of 100' foot, abutting on one side upon a right of way 15 foot wide, and running back to a continuation of same right-of way 33 feet in width. I Lot 11. Freehold allotment, being part of lots 19 and 20 of section 8, of Warrnambool, having a front ago to a 20-foot right of-way running out of Timor, street at its eastern extremity, containing 132 feet in length by 4 feet 3 inches in breadth. The deeds of the four last named lots respectively relate to the adjoining proportion, and the respective purchasers will have to enter into covenant (or pro* Lucile i of such deeds to the other parties interested, Sales by Auction. Lot 12 Freehold allotment, corner of Banyan street and LavsAtroot, being the northern portion of lot 4 of section 19, having 82 feet 6 inches frontage to Banyan-street, 112 feet frontage to Lava-street, an 181 foot 6 inches frontage to a reserved street 20 feet wide, called East-street,' running through from Lava-street to Koroit-street. ,, Lot ia. Similar allotment adjoining, boring southern portion of same lot 4, having similar frontages to Him an street and to East-street. Title deeds of lots 12 and 13 will be delivered to the purchaser of the 1 it lastly said, he covenanting to produce to the other parties interested. . Lot 14. Similar allotment adjoining, being northern portion of lot 3, section 10, having frontages similar to 1st lot. Lot 15. Similar allotment adjoining, being southern portion of same lot 3, having frontages similar to the last lot t title-deeds to lots 14 and 15 will be delivered to the purchaser of the (ot lastly sold, The covenanting to prove such to the other parties interested. Lot 16 Similar allotment a Ijolning, being northern portion of lot 2, section 10, loving similar frontage to last lot. Lot 17, Similar allotment adjoining, being southern portion of same lot 2, having frontages similar to last lot. ' i Title deeds of lots 10 and 11 will be delivered to the purchaser of the lot lately sold, he coven-uitliitr to produce the same to the other parties interested, Lot 18. Similar allotment adjoining, being northern portion of lot 1, section 19, having frontages ahnlUr to the last lot. Lot 10 Allotment adjoining corner of Banyan. Street and Koroit streets, being southern portion of same lot 1, having frontages similar to last lot, and also a frontage of 132 feet in Koroit-street. Title deeds of lots 19 and 10 will be delivered to the purchaser of the lot lastly sold, he covenanting to produce to the other parties interested. Lot 20 freehold allotment, corner of Koroit street and Oust street, being the southern half of lot 20, als, ion 10, having troiitagosotûOfott to Koroit- street an I OS foot to Oust street Lot 21. Sijillar allotment adjoining, in Koroit street, burning southern hull or lot 10, section 11, having a frontage of 63 foot to Koroit street by a depth of 105 feet. Lots. Freehold allotment at rear of two last lots, having a frontage to Gust street of 42 foot G Lucile.) by a depth of 132 foot. Lot 23 Slmllarallotmontailjoii.liig, having a similar frontage and depth as the last lot Title deeds of lots 20, 21, 22, 23 will be delivered to the purchaser of the lot lostly sold, he covenanting to produce to the other parties interested. Lot 21 Freehold allotment, corner of Liebig-street and Live street, having frontages at 82 feet 6 inches to Liebig street and 132 feet to Lava street, being a northern half of lot 11, stolen 10 Lot 25 Similar allotment alluding, having a similar frontage to Liebig street by a depth of 182 foes, t being the southern half of what lot 11. Lot 20 Freehold a lotment corner of Kepler-street and Lava street, having a frontage of 22 feet 6 inches to Liebig-street and 132 dot to Lava street, bein!; trio northern half of lot II, Bretton 18, Warrnambool. Lot 27 i Similar allotment adjoining, having a similar frontage to Kuplaratroot by a depth of 132 foot, being the southern half of Hume lot 11, section 18 The title deeds of last two lots will be given to the purchaser of the lot lastly sold, he c even tating to produce to the other parties interested.; Lot 28 Freehold allotment, corner of Kepler street and Lava street, opposite lot 20, and having small to frontages, being the northern half of lot 4, Boulton 17, Warrnambool. Lot 20 Similar allotment, adjoining last lot, an opposite lot 27, having similar frontages and depth, being southern half of said lot 1, section 17. The title deeds of last two lots will be given to the purchaser of the lot last). sold, he covenanting to produce to the other parties interested. Lot 30. Freehold allotment, fronting Lava street, at rear of last two lots, having a frontage of Off feat by a depth of 105 feet, being lot 6, of section 17, Warrnambool. Lot 3. Freehold Allotment, corner of Roper street and Kemp-street, having front ages of 22 foot 6 inches to Kepler-street, and 132 feet to Koroit street. Uno title-deeds of this lot for it to other property, and will be delivered to the purchaser upon his own paintings prude e to the other p trtiosuitcrustod, and such covenant being accepted by their. Lot 12. Freehold allotment In den ray-street, Warrnambool, having a frontage of 22 feet 6 inches by a depth of 132 foot, being the northern half of lot 5, section 15. Lot 82. Similar allotment adjoining, with stealing a frontage and depth, being the south half of situa lot 6 ' I Thettltle-doedsof the last two lots will be delivered to the purchaser at the local! ly auld, who covenanting to produce to the other parts-. Intel posted 1.0131 Freehold all-in in its, corner of Timor street and Kent street, having a front age of Uti foot to Timor-street and 150 foot in the street, and about- nine; of a reserved road 30-foot wide, In lightish such reserved road the western half of lot 11, section 1, Warrnambool. Lot 3 Adjoining allotment, having a frontage of 60 foot to 1 inner street, by a depth of 105 fact, been, the eastern half of June lot of, together with the first mentioned reservation of 15 foot wide led her into By of street from the rear of the new described allotment. The deeds of the last two lots will be delivered to the purchaser of this loss, on his covenanting to proceed to the other parties interested and such covenant born.; accepted. Lot 88. Freehold allotment in Kepler street. Warrnambool, adjoining the land belonging to the Bank of Australasia, and reserves (or the intended new Warrnambool branch of terrestrial -Luton , having a frn age of 82 feet 6 inches by a depth of 132 feet, bulli the southern hills lot 18, seasons 11, Warnambool. Gaol this lot is rea Ever n rij<)>t if any of l) rent wide along its entire southern i le, which, was a our responding i reserve is tout is his, fired for by the Bank of Australasia, will find a man of 15 feet wide fit in well situated between the marguerites, and to which ml S persons interested in filling station 11, and in this tank's lot, here to love the light of access Lot 37. Adjoining allotments in a pUr street, having similar frontage and depth, being the north just half of lot 11, section 11 The purchaser of this lot will have right of access to, the abovenamed Mell The deeds of the two last lots will region of the purchaser of lot 30, on his covenanting to produce same to the other parties interested, and for using sut I right-of-way. Lutsk Freehold allotment in Morris-street, being,' lot 15 of Section 6, having a frontage of 60 feet by a depth of 330 feet This has a it wins the Warrnambool branch of the Bank of Viutnn i 11 f Tlllis-CroHnQniiits ' Lot 80. 'Two-story I alone had a tenement in Liebig street, Wurriiuiulionl, now subdivided into three dwellings, but constructed was to be use as air, to cotlierwlth 82 feet (I nichol front two of land, bye depth of 132 feet, but is the southern half of lot 15 of section 10, Warrnatutiu 1 This property is excellently situated in the centre of Warrnambool. Kio hull mir e at ellis 0 rooms on the ground floor and 8 runs on the upper floor, at j incapable of being conducted on her Into 3 shops or into a public house, for which it was originally intended. The land sold with it gives an extra frontage un- built upon of 32 feet, and there is an excellent wall, used in common with the, next described lot Lot 10. Freehold allotment uiljoliiiiigtho last, being the northern half of lot 14 of section to, Warnumb of, having a front As of 3' feet 6 min s to Llob"' slice by a depth of 1 12-foot member with the right to USA last drained soil, in common with the persons in- forested in the adjoining property The title does in the last two lots will be delivered to the purchaser of the last sold, he covenanting to produce the same to the others ¡nU.ro,to I. Lot 41. Freehold allotment in Koroit street, being lot Oof Boothill 10, Wiirriituuhoul, li wing a frontage of 60 feet by a depth of Jet) bout. Lot 12. Similar allotment n Is Hillis, being lot 10 of section 10, having similar frontages and depth. Lot 43 Freehold allotment in Bin) by street, baltic; southern is fit allot 2 of section 10, JYarrniimluol, baling a frontage of 82 feet 6 inches by a depth of 132 feet. < ! Lot 41 Similar allotment adjoining, lining the northern half of sold lot 2, having similar frontage and depth. The last two lots arranged at a timberyard, til the occupation of Messrs Rutledge, Uoegri iron said Cr. illa titloJilooda (at hull lots will delivered to the purchaser of the last lot sold, mills cover intend,' to produce to the other pill ties interested Lot 43. Freehold all meat in Italy in street, being lot 14 of section 21, Winnitinni is a living frontage of 22 feet 6 inches, by a depth of I ii foot j Lot 40 Kxoolloiiv Freehold plot of 4 acres 3 roods, or thereabouts, cleared and under cultivation, and) lining the town bore lary du 1 reserve, li ling part of suburban section 12, having a frontage to Q verning it road or five of tins, to the reserve of lithe and a-half chains, and to a reserved road one white wide, running K and S. through the action of Dec chains. Lot 47. Similar plot of 0 acres and 2 perches, or thereabouts, adjoining the last on its northern side of being part of same section, and having frontage of 6 chains 82 links each to a Government road, runs to said reserved road, and also of the child, to another reserved road 33 feet wide, running across the section. Lot 48 Similar plot of S acres 2 roods 20 perches, or thereabouts, but cleared, to the mirth of the last, being part of same section, and having; frontages of S chains 80 links each to Held Government road and reserved road 1 chain wide, and at 63 chains to old road 83 feet wide. Lot 40. Similar plot of 3 acres 2 roods 20 perches, or thereabouts, to the W of the last, being part Of same section, and living similar frontages to the said reserved road, and a frontage to another Cm Tcmment road 3 chains 60 links > 1 Lot 60. Similar plot of a acres 2 perches, or there abouts, to the hatch of the last, being part of same section, and having a similar frontage to said reserve J road 83 feet, and alan frontages of U i Julia 33 links to the last mentioned (lot eminent road, and of 0 chains 68 links to said reserved road 1 thilnswldo Let 61. (SluiiUir pint of 4 acres 3 roods, or thereabouts, adjoining, the town boundary and rcBcrv.), to the south of last plot, being part of China section, and having frontages to the reserve of 60 chains, and to ijsldtmeserved road and last mentioned Oovernuaeut road of Johann beach. The above six lots are very suitable for suburban residences, being well situated outside the township, 'near'tho''residonco of J. M. Ardlie, Esq. A wolf as spring water is reserved for the use of the several purchasers The deeds of the entire sections will began to the purpbasorfot the last lot sold, The covenanting to produce same in the other parties interested. 'Lot 62 ^¡xoollentfiooholdplotof acres 1 perch, or thereabouts, not cleared, on the northern side of of the last-named section, bomb theirs corner of suburban Section 123, Itavlnif Frontages of 4 chains 22 links and to the Onvcrnuiout road skirting the section on the eastern side and to the last- named reserved road 1 Chain we do. Lot 53 -similar plot of 5 acres 1 road 20 perches, on the northern side of the last, being the N.K. corner Candid feel i a 12 >, having frontages of fi of alas 72 links to the last Mined road. Lots Hiriilar plot of Rucres 1 rood 29 perches, to the MESton the last, near the NW. corner of said section 12', having similar frontages to said will 1 chain is Ido, and Reno a fruiterers! chains 72 links to aid crime i Government-road, skirting the ace of ja DU the west side, i Lot 65. similar plot of 3 acres 2 roods 20 perches, to the south of the last, being the S.W. corner of the ssmeBi-cHiiii harbour frontage to i chains 25 links to UtelMW'.sjncdiCsictif. . , , I " " " l Sales by Auction. The purchaser of the 10 last lots will have a right of-way over the roads reserved out or section 122 and the adjoining section No 121 and the right to use the spring on that section The title deeds of the lots In section 122 will be given to the purchaser of the last lot sold, The covenanting to produce them to the other parties inter eSLot 58 Freehold jetty allotment, fronting Lady Bay and the Harbor of Warrnambool, situate near the new jetty and tramway terminus, having front. age to the Beach road of foot, to a Government road of foot, and to the beach of foot, and being letty allotment No 6 of sections This is a most valuable lot, having three frontages, and comprising all the land included in the Crown grant. The title deeds relating solely to it will be given up to the purchaser "in.,, ,<? Lot 67 Freehold allotment, near Riddle's mill!, fronting the road leading from the jetty to Pertobe Crook and close to the tramway terminus, being part of forty allotment 8 of section 1, having a frontage of 50 feet by a depth of feet alongside a reserved rot I of 20 feet wide, reserved partly out of this and partly out of the adjoining property, and leading to till Lot 68 Freehold allotment at the rear of the Ust and Eva er frontage on the Merri River, and having a frontage of feet to last named reserved road, '20 feet wide, by a depth of 56 feet, being other part of said jetty allotment 8 The title deeds of the last two lots will be handed to the purchaser of the last named lot, he covenanting to produce them to the other parties? interested, and that half of the road reserved out of jetty allotment 8 will be conveyed to him, he covenanting to reserve the same as a road to the Merri River for the use in common of proprietors of land abutting upon the same Lot 60 Freehold allotment, being N.E corner of jetty allotment No 2, section 2, having a frontage of 44 feet to said road leading from the jetty to Pertobe Creek by a depth of 155 foot to a right-of-way 12 foot wide, reserved out of allotments 1 and 2 of section 2, leading to Portobo Creek from the Government road leading to the Merri River Lot 00 Freehold allotment on the w side of the last part of same jetty allotment, No 2, with similar frontage and depth, and similar right of way to the creek Lot 01 Freehold allotment on the W side of the last, being residue of said jetty allotment, No 2, abutting on the western side upon the Portobe Crook, and having similar right of way at the rear from last named Government road leading to the Merri The deeds of the last three allotments will be given to the purchaser of the last lot sold, he covenanting to produce same to the other parties interested I Lot 22 Freehold corner allotment on the W side of the Portobo Creek, beautifully situated on the flat along ground, and, commanding views of the Merri River and Warrnambool Harbor, having frontages of 5 chains 30 links to the road leading to the jetty, and OG feet to a Government-road from Warrnambool to the al ores, and having water frontage to Portobo Crowle of OS feet, being part of allotment 1, west of Pertobe Creek On this lot is a quantity of building stone, which the purchaser is to take at a valuation. [ j Lot 03 Similar allotment adjoining the last part, being other part of the same allotment 1, having similar frontage to the creek and to last-mentioned Government road, loading from Warrnambool to the Merri nil Lot M Similar allotment, adjoining the last part of same allotment 1, and having similar frontages Lot 05 Excellent plot of ground, comprising entire residue of said allotment 1, and having large water frontage on the Merri River and Portobo Crook, being situated at the confluence of the two streams, are having a frontage to said Government road leading from W urrnambool to the river of 8 chains 40 links, by a depth alongside the last lot of 4 chains The last four lots form excellent sites for private residences, being equidistant from the jetty and the town I I M ' The purchase of the last lot sold will have the title. deeds, covenanting to produce same to the other parties interested ( ( í LotOO Excellent plot of ground, beautifully situated on the Hopkins River, having splendid views of its banks and of Lady Bay and the Southern Ocean, an I being near to the township reserve, at the outer side of Warrnambool and the Botanical Gardens, being western half of allotment No 20, parish of Warrnambool, having a frontage of to a Government road, by a depth of Lot 07 Similar plot being eastern half of said allot- mont 20, leaves g similar frontage and depth The last two lots are near the Hopkins Boat Club House, and form excellent sites for private residences. The purchaser of the last sold of the two lots that have the title deeds, covenanting to produce same to the other parties interested in the Estate of Pim IF YOUNG, an Insolvent Lot OF Excellent freehold stone residence In Banyan street, Warrnambool, containing two parlors, three bedrooms, kitchen stable, and out-offices, now in the occupation of James Aitken, Esq , together with the land on which same is erected, having a frontage of 2 chains 60 links by a depth of 2 chains This property is now let at fell. per annum, and had recently been put in excellent repair Mr Aitken's term expires on the 1st December, so that possession can be given forthwith The title deeds will be handed to the purchaser In the Estate of of JOHN COMA MATHIESON and About ALD MATHIESON, Insolvents ' , LotOO Freehold allotment In Koroit street, Warrnambool, being allotment 17 of Section 10, having a frontage of 60 feet by a depth of 330 feet Lot 70 Similar allotment, being allotment 18 of section 10, having similar frontage and depth The above two allotments adjoin the English Church, and are hold under separate crown grants, which will be handed to the purchasers , ,, In the Estate of PETER Binaos, an Insolvent Lot 71 Freehold allotment in Gibson street, leading fronillmoratreotto Merri street, immediately adjoining to Bateman and Co s large Iron store, having a frontage of 50 feet by a depth of 108 feet, being lot - on the plan subdividing allotments 0,10,16, 10, of section 0 Warrnambool the deeds relating to this lot solely will be handed over to the purchaser In the Estate of of Wir BATEMAN and Wit BATEMAN the younger, trading under the style of Wm Bateman, Jun and Co , Insolvents Lot 72 The Well known ruins of Messrs Bateman's ate store, consisting of the entire stone work and iron framing left by the Ord, together « 1th 105 iootfronta?o to By all street, by, a depth of 132 feet, and including a large wooden store foot, by foot, used by the late firm for hardware and heavy goods connected with their late business, forming altogether lot 12 of section 6, Warrnambool The deeds relating to this property are unconnected with the residue of the property, and will be handed to the purchaser. 1 ' e, Lot 73 life well known large iron store, comprising two floors, - feet- foot, situate at the rear of the last lot, and used by the late firm as granaries and wholesale goods depository Together with the 3 weather-boarded cottages for workmen adjoining The whole Blinding is 200 feet frontagotoarosorvod street called Gibson street, 21 feet wide, leading from Timor street to Moore street by a width of 100 feet, being part of allotment 9 and 10 of section 8 Y The above last two valuable properties are the remnant of Messrs Bateman < extensive business promi- ses, partly destroyed by fire on November 6 1856 and occupy one of the best and most known business sites in the Western District Lot 74 The I blacksmith's shop in Timor street, and jolnlngtliolasïndraod property, now used bySfoisra G. H Roberts and Co, with the dwelling- houseadjoln ing rented by that (line from Bateman and Co's estate with the land therein appertaining, belonged feet frontage to Timor street, by a depth of 100 foot, with a right of way of 12 foot while into Gibson street This property is ( sold subject to a lease to Mr Roberts for five years, ending 1st of August, 1860, at i£25perannum,' ' the title-deeds of the last two lots will be given to the purchaser of the Iron store, he covenanting to produce came to the other parties interested -J Lot 75 That well-known property, known as the late Royal Exchange Hotel, in Banyan street, Warrnambool, opposite Bateman and Co'silate stores, comprising numerous parlors, bar room, bedrooms, assembly room,' kitchen, servant's' room and out offices, and other leave horses suitable for extensive business premises,, standing? on land having 02 foot 2 Inches frontage to Rally on street, by a depth of' 132 foot The title deeds of this property will be delivered to the purchaser, ho eovonaiitlngto produce the same to the other parties interested Let 70 Freehold corner allotment in the Junction of T mer street arid Fairy street, being part of allotment 1 of section IS, Warrnambool 1, having a frontage of 150 feet to Fairy-street by 60 feet to Tlmir street Lot 77 Adjoining allotments forming part of same allotment 1, having a frontage of 66 feet to Timor street, by a depth of ten feet to a right of Way 15 feet wide leading from Fairy street to the Royal Archer Hotel The last two lots form perhaps the best business sites in the town ! ! The title deeds of both will be given to the purchaser of the last lot sold, he covenanting to produce same to the other parties interested Lot 78 Adjoining allotment, part of allotment 20, section 13, having similar frontage to Timor street, and depth to Jaid right of way r r Lot 70 AiHjIitilig allotment, part of allotment 16, section 12, having similar frontage to Timor street, and depth Ltd said right of way, together with two weatherboarded cottages erected thereon, and now let to weekly tenants IjOt&O; Allotment at rear of last two lots, bounded on two sides by said right of way from the Royal Archer Hotel. having frontages to same of 117 feet by 105 feet 3 The title deeds of last three lots will be handed to. the purchaser of the last lot cold, he covenanting to pr< Uuco same to the other parties Interested Lot 81 Freehold allotment, fenced in with paling?, Henna street, opposite the residence of Mr W Bate- man, sons , being part of allotment 13 section 2, have log a frontage! of 150 feet, by a depth of 132 foot, area r sign a right of way 12 feet wide, reserved partly out or this allotment and partly out of the adjoining property , Trio purchaser will have to covenant for reservation of said right of way i Lot 82 Valuable freehold allotment, cornered Ryot street and Lava street, near Warrnambool ) Church, having a frontage of 132 feet to Lava street, by a dog th of 105 feet to Ryot-street, and being allotment 11 of section 15 i I Title Crown Grant I it 88 Adjoining allotment In Ryot-street, having a frontage of 105 foot, by a depth of 132 feet, belair allotment 12 of section 16 ' * 1 Tide Crown Grant Lot 84 Allotment adjoining lot 82, In Lava street, having a frontage to same of 110 feet, by a depth of 330 feet, b in { allotment 16 of said section 15 Title Crown Grant Lot 85 Adjoining allotment, having similar front ago to same by similar depth, being allotment Cof said section 15 Title-Crown Grant The last four lots are well fenced with palings, and form an excellent site for a private residence, bavin r splendid views of the Bay, the town, and surrounding district standing on the highest part of Warrnambool. Lot 88. Freehold allotment in Lava street, harbor frontage or 60 feet by a depth of 330 feet, being lot 6 of section 18 Warrnambool Lot 87 Freehold allotment in same street, bazaar similar frontage and depth, being lot 9 of section 21. Warrnambool. " J The last two lots are sold under a mortgage from Wm. Bird, to Messrs Bateman, which, routing: the other property, wllLbot be handed over, but the, ran dor will covenant to produce same to purchaser. at-' /'{Jvr wife ' ' . ,/ is > i at ) Sales by Auction. Lot 88 Freehold allotment near the jetty and tram watermains. being jetty allotment 2 of section 1, Warnambool, having a frontage of 1 chain by a depth of 6 chains to the Merri River This first-rate site is next the extensive beach stores of Messrs Bate- man and Co , next described, on the side nearest Lady Bay, and is unbuilt upon Title-Crown Grant Lot 89 Those well known premises adjoining the last lot, known as Bateman's Beach Store, comprising one large main compartment, about 20 feet by 80 feet, built on stone, and having an upper floor same size . one large timber built wing, forming another earn partment about 18 feet by 00, and another galvanized-iron wing, running round two sides of the stone building, of ruling an extensive out store in one room partment beng about 20 feet by 80 feet and is the remaining oomnarSinent 40 feet by 60 feet, with an enclosed verandah in front, 8 feet by 60 feet, an forming an extra compartment for the first receipt of goods The whole roofed in we 1th galvanised iron, and covering nearly half an acre of ground The premises a recap elite of storing nearly 2,000 tons of goods, and are excellently situated near the no v jetty and terminus?, and have water frontage to the River Merri together with the land on which will store is built having! two chains frontage to the Government road leading from the jetty to Portobo Creek by / five chains depth being jetty allotments 3 and 4, of section 1, Warrnambool The title deeds will be handed to the purchaser on completion pursuant to conditions of sale Lot 00 Treehol 1 allotment fronting Lady Bay, near the jetty, being an excellent site for the yarding of cattle prior to shipment, audforstoros, having frontage to the Beach road of one chant, by an average depth to the Bench of four chains, and being jetty allot merit 7, of section 4, Warrnambool Lot 91 1 freehold allotment corner of the Government road leading from the jetty to Portobe Crook and Government road from the last road to the river Slerri, being part of jetty allotment 1 of section 2 having frontage of 66 feet to the first road, and of 110 feet to the last named road, and running back to a light of way 12 feet wide leading from the last named road 11 tile Portobo Crook, Lot 92 A realising allotment on western side of the last, being further portion of 2nd jetty allotment 1 of section 5, having frontage to the first named road of 66 feet by a depth of 120 feet to suit right-of-way to Portobe Crook The Title Deeds of two last named IctB will be given to the purchaser of the last sold, he covenanting to 'produce same bottle other parties interested iJLut 93 Jetty allotment No 8, of section 2, at roar of last two i lots, having a frontage of about 60 foot to the road leading to the Merri by an average depth | alongside said right of way back to the Portobo Creek, r of about 204 feet til I Title Crown Grant Since the foregoing advertisement was originally compiled, the following properties have been arranged for absolute sale RAIL MAN'S ESTATE 250 acres in the parish of Mortlake, Mount Shadwell, being allotment 5 of section 6 2 acres 1 roods, 32 perches of suburban, section 83, in the parish of »YaD8oon« '"the suburbs of Wantata 28 acres, 1 rood, 8 perches, known as Bateman's 13 delek, adjoining section 84 situate In the Dominion Bridge was, one mile from Warnambool, all fenced with wire brid paling fence, Including stockyards No 60 acres under roods, situate at the Hopkins Falls, between the River and Crook, being portion No 17, of the parish of Talangrtta i i Allotment 6 of section B, In the township of Wool- ford, adjoining Mrs M'Arthur, containing a quarter of an acre. Also ments 4, 5, and 6 of section 1, in the township of Woolsthorpe, each containing half an acre. ,, , In the Estate of JAMKSGUST Four allotments, each containing half an acre, situate in the parish of trainlIiij,liamo Allotment I of section 2 situate in the parish of Woolsthorpe containing half an acre Another allotment in the same parish, also containing half an acre r Allotment I, situate in the county of Villiers, containing 3 acres Allotments 1 and 2, of section 1, Situate in the parish otTanmuie One, containing J an acre, the other, i aero and 17 perches 163 acres in the Purnim road, opposite the Eagle (Tavern (Birds) being portion No 24, situate in the parish of Purnim 18 acres and 4 perches being suburban section 03, situate in the pal full of Wangoom, in theüoniilngton Bl Idgo road, near the Merri River (lately belonging to Mr Alexander Karuago, and adjoining Mr Burgin s property) Allotments. 85, and 10 of section 18, of the town of Belfast , lb the "Estate of JOSEPH DOBSON Allotment 3 of section 3, situate in the parish of Hexham, containing half an acre I Four allotments, each containing one quarter of I may here, sitiiattrnciir Dennington Bridge, and immediately adjoining, the now Suspension Bridge, aelmlrabiyudaiited for an hotel In the Estate of THOMAS HOWARD 40 acres?, being portion 3 of section 2, in the parish of Wangoom, situate on the Hopkins River In the Insolvent Estate or JAMES LYSAGHT '218 acres, being portion of In the past late of Marrar, near "a oodfpnl 40 acres under cultivation in the estate of J O and A MATHIBSOY ICOacreii/boln^ portion 3, in the parish of Marrar, situate on the west bank of the Murray, near Woodford 60 acres under cultivation fenced in, together with cottage and outbuildings elected thereon, also rather forming a most desirable farm Allotments 6 and 7 of section A, situate in the town of V, oodforil, each, containing half an acre, near the bridge and the main real running to the river. In the Estate of J. and It PILKINGTON. 1 r 20 acres being allotment 6 of the parish of Wangoom, in the suburbs of Warrnambool, near the Den lington Bridge road, first rate land and beautifully situated " Allotment, 3 of section 4, situate in the parish of (Woolsthorpe, containing half an acre All that piece or parcel of land situate on the Hop Ulus Rlvoryricai Tooram (the residence of J M'Mabon i Allan, Esq, J P ) cor sisting In all of 2 acres on which are erected the well known saw mills of Moss PU iilngtoiijlrr eluding; mill machinery, gear, boller furnace just shaft, now- in perfect working order including men's knits, yard garden, and wharf 11 ! _ AHO, 0 timber carriages, well built, to be sold in a separate lot, or taken at a valuation s, In the Estate of STAVitORD and EAGLES All that piece or parcel of I and situated in the parish of Yangery, being portion 47, containing 111 all 105 acres 1 rood un 186 perches This farm is situate on f wer Ulli, frontage to the lake the whole under cultivation, and is considered the best and most compact firm in the Western District 1 1 Belfast Land -In the Estate of JAMES COST 3 acres being suburban allotment No 2, situate in parish of Belfast 2 acres, being suburban allotment No 20, in the parish of Belfast 1 rood and 30 perches-, being allotment 2 of section of the town of Belfast Last, situate between the 1 bridge arid the jetty, and fronting the River Moyne li roods, being allotment 6 of section 2, town of Belfast Rail, ultu into between the jetty and the Beach, and fronting the River Moyne 8 repairs 22 perches, being allotment 1 of section of the town of Belfast East, situate between the Jetty and the Beach and fronting the River Moyne The above Freehold proportion will be sold at the Royal Archer Hotel, on Monday and Tuesday, January 26th on 20th 1858, and in the course of a day or two we thoroughly Vevned advertisement, embracing the whole of the valuable property s in the before named estates will appear, exclusive of those not yet arranged foe into , 1 . , , THIS DAY at Furniture, 46 "TO" H ALSOP will sell by auction, J S Tea in his room, on Saturday, 19th Inst, at two o'clock c A quantity of furniture, crockery, and general I merchandise Also, About 20 doz bottles of rum, champagne, late I and lOdoz porter Terms Cash > British Auction Mart, 171 Smith-street, Collingwood, ' 214 1 1 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER , 1 Snug Freehold lit Hawthorne W II ALSOP has been able noted li a to sell by auction on the ground, on Tuesday, 22nd Inst, at one o'clock, r All that fine allotment of ground having a frontage of 100 feet, to' John street. Hawthorne, near the Governor Hotham Hotel, by a depth of 100 feet T tjOtlior with the substantially built two roomed weatherboard house erected thereon, and all the ap piuttpuincbs The ground is well fenced, under cultivation as a (garden The rooms of the house are capacious, 16 x 12 ' allie Perfect ) Terms at Sale. British Auction" Mart, 171 (Smith street, Collingwood 200 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER 1 To Hotelkeepers and Others The aioss-liouio Hotel and Dwelling House. WE ALSOP has been honored with lij-ätruotlous from the owner to offer for public competition, on the premises, Gipps street, East Collier need, on Tuesday, 29th Inst, at one o'clock, I Lot 3, All those eligible brick premises for conducting a Emit, hotel business, known as the Glasshouse Hotel, containing bar, two parlors, bagatelle room, kitchen, and Cjuij bedrooms Also store-room, stabling for six rooms, large shed, and a commodious yard j 1 Together with, The valuable freehold, forming the south east angle of Gipps street and Rokeby street, with a frontage to the former street of 66 feet, by a depth parallel with the latter street of 02 foot i Attached to this property are peculiar advantages, considerably entrancing its otherwise valuable character It is situate in a rapidly improving locality Gipps street is formed and metalled, and the present tenant holds it on an unexpired lease, at an annual rental of 6350 " ci s ii J A I Lot, 3 That capital allotment of ground having a frontage to Gipps street, of 16 feet by a depth of 82 foot, with, the four roomed brick home thereon erected, stuccoed on the oxterlorrmi excellent repair ' j - Title Unexceptionable, 1 Terms Easy . ' British Auction Mart, 171 Smith streeet, Collingwood, 1 1 21s 1 THURSDAY 24th DECEMBER. Stone Built Freehold Property. Ryrie street, Collingwood WH i AIJSOP, under instructions 0 frantic proprietor, will sell by auction, on (he promises. on Thursday, 20th Inst, at one o'clock All that allotment situate in Ryrie street, East Col firewood, having a frontage to the north side of the said street of 66 feet, by a depth of 100 feet of L Together with The three roomed bluestone dwelling thereon erected, painted papered, and UnWiad in a superior WVW -, , Title Excilloiit Terms at Sale Brittle Auction aiArf, 171 Smith, street, Collingwood. "ii IS 'nil 2 in I n r i at I 1 » Sales by Auction. WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. Afternoon. Sale of Building- Allotments. ~ East Collingwood To Working Men and Others TjST H ALSOP will sell by auction, V T on the respective grounds, on Wednesday, 23rd inst, commencing at three o'clock, ! ., vLotl South east angle of Regent-street and Abbotsford street, 31 feet 10 inches by 30 feet deep j, Lot. 2 83 feet frontage to Studley streets by 99 feet deep, close to Regent street j , Lots 83 feet frontage to, Regent-street, by 09 feet, two allotments from Johnston street Lot 4 North west angle of Valiant street and Regent street, 83 feet by 99 feet deep , Let 6. 88 root to Johnston street, "ear the new bridge, by 99 feet deep _ " ) < v LotG. 83 feet to Valiant street, by 04 feet deep, near Port terson street _ j J Lot 7 33 feet to Patterson street, by 09 feet deep, opposite Abbotsford House i Titles Good ! Terms at Sale i British Auction Mart, 171 Smith street, Collingwood i,_208 WEDNESDAY 23rd DECEMBER Freehold Properties in East Collingwood, Cambridge street and Islington street, Simpsons road TST H ALgOP will sell by auction, Y T on the respective grounds, on Wednesday, 23rd inst, " ". " ^ The following valuable freehold properties ' i Lot, t At one of clock, 1 All that piece or parcel of land, having frontage to the west side of Cambridge street of - feet by a depth of - foot with a neat four roomed weather board house thereon erected with attached kitchen, also stabling and sheds The interior of the house is to oroughly plastered and papered, and the whole of the property is in most excellent repair j J Lot 2, t I I ! At half-past one of clock, J i All that valuable allotment of ground, having a frontage to the west side of Oxford street, in the rear of Macs Hotel thirty foot, by a depth of eighty Lot 8, I At two o'clock All that allotments ground, with frontage of forty five feet to the westiBi4a.of Islington street timpson a road in the rear; of Roberts and Ferguson a Foundry, by a depth of 125 foot, with the four roomed weather board cottage thereon erected front rooms brick nogged, plastered. and painted, the ground well fenced A well, eighteen feet deep, affords a, constant supply of water Terms at Sale I . Title unexceptionable, r tins 1 British Auction Hart, 171 Smith street, Colling?. wood _ , . 207 | i THIS DAY i 1 Freehold N KINSMAN will sell by auction, at s hid rooms, on Saturday, 19th inst, at fire of clock, I (Immediately after the weekly sale of merchandise,) two neat a leatherhead cottages of two rooms each. The land has a frontage of 33 feet to Johnston street, by 07 foot deep I I TI Property is for Positive Sale, IT KINSMAN Y Hunter, House and Land Agent, I 3 Moor street Colljngvfood_I_225 WEDNW BY 23rd DECEMBER, [ ' Fresh d North Melbourne N KINSMAN has received instruc . lions from Mr Scott to sell by auction, on the ground North Melbourne, on Wednesday, 23rd inst, at twelvoojclook, A -i Three neat weatherboard cottages, of two rooms each having a frontage of 27 feet to Little Carson street, by 03 feet deep, with a right-of-way 12 feet The property is situated near the Benevolent Asylum adjoining the corner of Victoria and Curzon streets and boil g for positive sale, the auctioneer yet Id I ii to the attendance of persons desirous of -obtaining a bargain in that locality N KINSMAN Valuator, House and Land Agent S Moor street Collingwood's MONDAY, 21st DECEMBER I Freehold, Richmond NAKINSMAN has received positive . instructions to sell by auction, on allegro md, e mor of S vi au and Dover streets, Richmond, on Monday night that a twelve o'clock i Ali all this it of land having 83 foot frontage to Swan street by a depth of 90 foot to Dover street the auctioneer invites the attention of persons Booking had in this locality to this sale, the land both g for post live sale in 1927 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER Freehold Allotments Napier-street Collingwood "Dvr KINSMAN has received instruc J 'I S tions to sell by auction on the ground, on 1 tuesday 22nd last at one o'clock n An allot i office land having a frontage to Napier street of 60 feet by a depth of 66 feet, fenced in be tween Kerr a and Argyle streets 213 a MONDAY 21st DECEMBER Household I Furniture, Charles street, Collingwood, N KINSMAN has received untrue I think from W B Millar, Esq to sell by air at on at I is rail fence the Academy, Charles street, near Roper-street, on Monday, 21st inst, at two of el e-, a t, The i hide the household furniture and effects) in mp Isli c Demit ful cottage piano (cost 70 ) mahogany loo tal In carved mahogany y leather seated hats, 12 hair parted thaT chiffonier and book 319a, u a eli leo collection of books two cases indoors, pictures hair seated sofa ornaments, hand to no large carpet now, hearth rug, chest drawers double. iron bedsteads and bedding, fl blue do and bedding dressing tables, wash star ds and warp t Hot glasses kitchen upon 1 ends American stove, 20 choice fowls, fine wool So " TI 0 Wl solo to be Sold Without Reserve 218 THIS DAY To Families Furnishing Upholsterers, Dealers, as I others v Weekly Sale of Useful Household Furniture T n NEILSON will sell by auction, JL for Mr Bruce at the Furniture Auction Rooms, 78 Bourke street three doors from Swanston street, 01 811 friday 15th past at eleven o'clock A large assortment of household furniture, comprising A drawing-room suites labored, cheffonier', both in and parlor chairs, chimney and drefBl g glass s bedsteads and bedding Boras, co cles pictures meat safes, chests of drawers tables so, sent in by various persons for absolute sale I Terms Cash Note -Mr T Chuck s license will be issued January I 1st next I 157 dec IA THIS DAY To Persons Furnishing FurnliuroDealers and Others JÍHhoj.niiy Tra in. a dining room Chairs just landed T H NEILSON will sell by auction, T JL« for Mr Oh look, at the Furniture Auction Room, 78 Bond e street three doors from Swanston street, on Saturday 10th inst, at eleven 9 clock, S cases or 1 handsome mahogany dining room has a lot as seats in excellent order Will be Sold Wl houVRuserve, Id Lots to Suit the ' Purchasers Terms Cash J ' 116 dec 19 2 THIS DAY . Plate Glass DiSr Wardrobe T H NEILSON will sell by auction, at forMrUiuok at the Furniture Auction Rooms, 78 Bourke street three doors from Swanston street, on Saturday 10th met at eleven o'clock A mahogany wardrobe with plate glass doors, to their It best Bidder ferns Cash 150 desire THIS DAY. Grand Sq taro Pla forte by Collard and Co JIL'KHSLSON will sell by auction, of l-Mr Chu k at the uri nature About a Roo in, 73 Bourke street to the doors from Swanston street, on&iturdsv; Hill Just, at eleven a clock, A 0 7 8 trail I square pianoforte by Collard and Co, metallic plate an J latest improvements, lia! Spanish an elegant case I WithoutlKeserve _Terina-e-Oash ? 163 TUESDAY, 22 d DECEMBER 7 Brkhion Boath , Fun lines Horses Carriages and Effects of the late L O L honor FBQ G WALSTAB has received a ? str lotions from the executors of the late Charles Lal f, Esq to sell ly public auction at his residence, on the Beach situated between Mr Graham a and Mr Alice's residence, on Tuesday, 22nd Inst at OIOTOI o clock The whole of the furniture and effects, consisting of Dlnh room furniture Draw is room dd, Iii rosewood It drouin do ! i lane iii 1 late 3,1 I Be Its j C I I L (gravings James 1 Harness I I C carriages Whale and other boats, are Full particulars of which will begin in catalogues, to be had at the Auo leader s OHlcS 16 Temple Court. Solo Tuesday 22nd December, 1857, to commence 11 netball 1 lit eleven o'clock am' the horses, carriages, Ac, will be sold at two 2 clocks in j 12 0102 dec 22 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. I too Millers Speculators and Others Wind and Steam Mill for Sale DOUGLAS and ORR will sell by auction at the White Hill (about four miles unearthed Kyneton), on Tuesday, 22nd inst., at twelve o'clock, The Mill Recently erected at the White Hill adapted to work: oithvr{bv wh door team, the former being on the self vegetating principle and the latter of eight-hour power either having come out power to drive two pairs French burr stones three and a half feet diameter, as also dressing; and smut li g machines, with all the requisite (rearing and appurtenances, the whole being in complete working order, 1 in Alsace The Store and Dwelling Attached, with Four Across cfTaud r I 4 I ii 0 auctioneers can with confidence recommend the above 11 the alto fitful of parties in want of a first class mill, the building being very substantial and everything in first-rate order I , Tiir_U]a),Salo. ¿SUdwl» "M 1 ii V I 11 i m of the 1 1 it till ! For a I i 1 1 I in I I ' 