COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA. Our own correspondent imtes as follows :— Monday moraing, December 14, 1857. _ The 'run' upon the Union Bank was a small affair after alL The aggregate of the three dajs did not tell up 10 more man Jtou,uw. ims, nowever, '«? ? severe effect upon the money market, and discounts are almost impossible to be obtained. , , , Flour has been in steady demand for the last week, but two or three lots, known to behanpmrovertbc market, belonging to parties who must realize m order to meet their eng\gement5, arc excrcfaiug a deposing effect Wehave^dtwocar^s in f^m Chih during the last ten days, and two of oat* from California This last article of horse-food is coming m in 1 »«™' «°™- tities, but prices are tolerably well '»£»«* neverthe less, as the shipments are consigned to '«^°f Rouses. reiraTnot in the depreciated valueof goods. Therean noMUewex«pt for cash, and cash buyers are afraid of overstocking themselves, so that Melbourne trade con tmues S wiU continue to be a sort or luge retail busi new, until the fear of cargo after cargo arriving upon heavy stock is no longer imminent. The following paragraphs are fr01nthe.il/v71w of Tuesday, the 15th instant : — The state of trade since the dispatch of our last sum mary has presented an aspect of continued dulness; there has, in fact, been nothing doing. The September maiL which brought out advices of increased shipments, precipitated this state of things. The warehauses were full already of goods, for which no remunerative market eoold be found, but which were being held with tolerable firmness, in the hope that a decrease in shipments would soon take place; the home advices, however, have per sistently disappointed this hope. We mentioned last month that our stores were labouring under a burden of imported goods enough for twelve months' consumption. The past month has considerably added to their contents. The causes that have led to this extraordinary state of thing have been discussed very freely, and much has been laid to the account of the overgrowth of the indenting system which has been permitted in this market Actuated by the rulin? passion of the day— the hurry to get rich— retailers and others have been ex cited to speculation out of their legitimate sphere by the facilities afforded them for buying in the producing market They have ordered beyond their powers, and their invoices have been depreciated in value by the system of duplicate shipments which prevails far too ex tensively in British ports. This is a mere repetition of the old story. Two or three lots of goods come instead of one, and the outsider follows with similar ventures the month after. Until some better system of supplying the Australian markets be evoked from the chaos which has hitherto prevailed, heavy losses will be suffered by shippers, while the internal condition of the trade of the colony will be fluctuating and unsound. Failures have been numerous during the last four weeks. Nine firms have suspended, whose aggregate liabilities amount to above £3CO,000. In four casos compromises have been effected ; in two cases the estates will be dealt with in the Insolvent Court— Amschel and Co., with liabilities amounting to £32,000, and Muir Brothers 4 Co, with liabilities amounting to £30,000; the remainder are at present under consideration. The suspension of a small but highly respectable firm of two brothers, trading under the style of T. 4 W. White, was announced in this journal of the 25th ultimo as that of Messrs. White Br:thers, a circumstance which caused considerable annoyance to Messrs. White Brothers and Co., a firm whose position, both here and in London, is too firmly established to be affected by auy mistake of this kind. The similarity, of the names and of the occu pations of the two firms led to the error, which did not mislead anv one in this citr. For some time post it has been stated that an arrange ment had been arrived at by the managers of all the Banks with regard to the reduction of the rate of exchange, the granting of interest on deposits, and the raising of the rates of discount, but none has yet been carried out. Money is by no means scarce, but for com mercial purposes it is not obtainable outside the Banks, except at exorbitant rates of interest. The Banks charge 7 per cent for discounting bills having under ninety-five days' currency, and 8 per cent minimum fur those having over ninety-five days to run. For renewals and for overdrawn accounts 10 per cent, is charged. Bills on England have been sold to-day by some of the Banks at i per cent, premium, and evsu as low as i per cent., but the nominal rates remain at 1 per cent, premium at sixty day's sight; for amounts under £5 - 2 percent premium at thirty days' sight Freight on gold, by direct steamers or sailing vessels, 3Jd. per ounce, deliverable In London; insurance 1\ percent; by the overland loute } per cent— that is, 7d. per ounce, as nearly as possible; insurance, 11 to 1} percent. We tak.2 the following market reports from Bear's Weekly Circular of the 15th :— Money and Share Market— There has been very little demand for money on mortgage this week, and first-class securities are very scarce. The rate of interest remains nominally at 10 per cent In the stock and share market business has been very dull, there being at present very little disposition on the part of capitalists to invest Prices may only be quoted nominal. Stock and Stations. — We have no sales of our own to report The Windooran Station, with a frontage of 13 miles to the Billibong, by 8 miles back, or containing 86,560 acris, reported to be capable of carrying 4,000 head of cattle, has been sold by auction with 8.0 head fer £19.8000, which is equivalent to £6 15s. per head, if stocked with 3,000. Horse Market.— Messrs. Dou;barty & Co. report this market in a most unsatisfactory state, few buyers and a perfect glut of medium and Iovr-class animals. Horses have certainly fallen in value 25 per ceut. during the past week. This especially applies to nnbroken stock, of which large drafts are continually brought forward, and wild very 1 jw. Their transactions with country lots during the week were as follow}:— 20 head from Mr. Kej's station on the Lachlan, the highest £16 10s, lowest £5 10.*., averasre £8 16s. 6d, mostly for grazing; 28 head of good conditioned mixed horses from the sta tion of John Mitchell, Esq., of the Murray, ranged from £4 15s. to £29, a^erajje £15 Si. «d.; 25 head, being second draft of Mr. Key'r, at a shade under £9 all round ; some fine cart horses realized well, £120 per pair; 29 head from Mr. Mitchell's station, inferior to first draft, at from £7 to £33 ; a lot from a station on the Yarra, very small and light at £3 10s. a head. Some good cart horses sold at £10, £17 10s, and £83. Working bullocks are sought after; they soM a team of sit at £75, and one of eieht at £120 ; the latter very good. Cattle and Sheep Market.— Cattle— The market has only been moderately supplied this week, and yet last week's rates were barely maintained. First quality, we may quote at from 20s. to 22a. M. per 100 lb«, or from £i to £9 IDs. per head; second quality 15--. to 17s. 6dn or £5 10s. to £7. Numbers about 900. Sheep —The market was fully supplied, and sales were difficult to effect at late rates. A portion of same lots were taken out unsold. Wethers brought from Us. to 17s. 6d. ; ewes, 12s. to 15s. A small lot of prime wethers fetched from lfts. fld. to 20s. Numbers about 7,500. Lambs— A fair supply, which met a good demand, at about 13s. per head. Calves— A full supply, and sales were effected at from 358. to 65s. per head. Flaur and Corn Market— The Journal of Commerce reports that there is a better feeling in the market, and a belief gains ground that the lowest point has been reached. Adelaide is firm at £16 10s. to £17. The town millers are telling at £18. Wheat is worth 6s. 9d. to 7s. Oats_ are much better, and Scotch are worth 4s. 9d. Cali fornian, 54. 3d. Gram has advanced to £10 os. Hay Market— Mr. James Feuton reports that our supply steadily increases; our demand slightly improves; but until the green fodder is exhausted, and the impor tation ceases, our business will not return to its legiti mate channel I have sold 259 loads at the following prices :— Bast hay, trussed, £3 to £9 10s. ; ditto, bundled, £5 10s. to £7 ; straw, per ton, £5 to £6. Labour Market— There is no change for the better to report in this market Arrivals continue Urge, and as nearly every ship adds to the already overstocked market, there is no present prospect of improvement, as, thongh there is a steady demand for most descriptions of labour, the supply is so far above all possible requirements, that employment is difficult to be procured. Haymakers and thorough agricultural servants are most in request of that class of labour, though mest of the engagements of this description are made in the country ; indeed, for all sorts of field and rough labour, Melbourne is the most unlikely market to afford employment Competent domestic servants, both male and female, have no diffi culty in procuring situations, and wages are steady at the late reduced rates. Married couples with young families are most difficult to provide for, even at a reduced scale on general rate of wages. The whole of the immigrants per Ebba Brahe are what are termed 'assisted; many have already proceeded to join their friends; and of the whole 440 conveyed here by this vessel, not one requires to search for employment. The following b from the Argus of the 15th :— XHLBOUB2TB WHOLBSALB PMCBS CURBEST. Argut Office. Monday evening. The import market generally has presented a more animated appearance during the past week than for somb time past The amount of business has been con fined to small orders' for consumption, but the aggre gate has been considerable, and when compared with the utter stagnation which has latterly overhung the market has caused an appearance of comparative liveli ness. The abolition, in a great measure, of the credit system formerly existing with the inland trade has natu rally induced country storekeepers to purchase very sparingly, and the benefit of the sound system of short credits is already becoming visible. During the past week country buyers have been extensive purchasers, and although their dealings have been inadequate to afford relief to the market overburdened with goods as it is, it has caused a better feeling, and revived a hope of increasing confidence. A partial cessation of shipments and very considerable reduction in stocks must, however, take place ere any prospect of improvement in prices can be looked for. Liquors.— Ales in bulk are in iteady demand, and centinae of ready sale. Bass's No. 3 has been much enquired for, and sales made at £9 17s. 6d. per hogs head, whilst other brands in sound and good condition have been more freely purchased at proportionate rates. Bulk porter is still very dull of sale, and although the approach of Christmas has induced orders, the prices continue unvaried. Bottled beers of undoubtedly genuine importation are in very good enquiry, and those of most-preferred bottlers readily saleable at full? quoted prices. In spirits sales have bees confined to small parcels for direct consumption. Brandy has, of course, been most in demand; sales of Martell's and Hennessey's have been effected at 15s. 6d.; Otard's, at 15s. 3d.; and Vinegrowers', at 14s. 9d. per gallons. United Vineyari Proprietors' has been sold to-day at 38». per dozen case. Bums of high strength and geneva have been in trifling enquiry, but old torn and whisky are so completely neg lected as barely to afford quotations. Wines have been exceedingly dull of sale, and even for light summer wines prices are quite nominal. Bags, 4c — The approach of harvest has erased some enquiry for three-bushel bags, and orders have come to hand from neighbouring colonies. Improved rates hare ensued. Sales have been made at 16s. to 16s. 6d^ and holders are to-day asking 17s. per dozen. Woolpacks are already supplied, and but in light enquiry. Floor, Grain, 4c.— The flour market has continued steady throughout the week, and a considerable amount of business has been done— sales being entirely for con sumption. Purchasers for country station?, t» be con voyed up by the return wool-drays, have been consider able, and both bakers in town and country dealers have, induced by low priees, bouzht prettj freely. There has also been enquiry fur Chilian and American flour, in barrel; as, however, stocks of both these descriptions are very low, orders have been executed in other kinds. The report of an extensive sale to a firm in town on speculation has, however, not created aiiy general specu lative feeling ; and as the heavy stocks of Adelaide flour so long held Mck arc beginning to be pressed on the mar Ret, there is every fear that present prices cannot be sustained. A sale of 2,000 tons Chilian flour ia reported to have been lately made at Sydney at £12 10.--. per ton. Wheat is very dull of sale. -U this season millers arc of curse undesjrous of purchasing, and although we quote 6s. as the price of colonial wheat, we doubt if that price could be procured for any considerable quantity. Oata— The extremely low price to which this article has, con sequent on, immense arrivals, fallen, having induced a degree of speculation during the week, prices rallied a trifle, and advanced rates were about the middle of the week demanded. The arrivals, however, of the What Cheer, Augusta Kaufman*, and Fair Wind from Cali fornia, and the Auchneajjh, from Glasgow (the latter vessel fcmag 23 ,000 bushels oats on boari), nave com pletely paralyzed the market and rendered prices a'lbut nominal, scotch are held for 43. 64, Calcutta have been sold at 43, and California 5s., while Danish have chaneed hands as low as 3s. 2d. to 4s. per bushel. Barley has been offered by auction to test tbe market, in small lots but nothing has resulted, good samples of Chilian having been withdrawn at 4s. OJ. to 5s. Several parcels of South Australian growth have changed hands at from 4a. 3d. for inferior to 5a. 6d. for cood. Bran, owing to short arrivals and the temporarily improved rates re quired for oats, has attracted attention, and some rather large parcels have been sold, good sweet bran having brought if. 7d. to Is. 8d. Stale lots are, however, difficult of sale at much lower rates. Maize Is utterly neglected, and is offering as low as 6s. 9d. to 7s. per bushel. Gram has somewhat reriTed. The balance of thewrcelsper DuHsandle, from Calcutta, was sold by JnctSn on^he Wharf yesterday to speculators at £7 12s 6d. to £10, being an advance of 12a. 6d. on the rates oroenred the previous week for a former portion of the tame cargo. The stock of this article is, however, very heavy and until consumption has much reduced the qaantities on hand, there is little probability of amend ment of any consequence In value. Provisions generally are unaltered. There has been, however, a marked improvemsnt in the demand for hams during the week, chiefly for country orders, which have, in some instances, been executed as high as lljd. per lb. Butter has also been in better enquiry, and an improved number of sales have taken place, though without aug mented vilue accruing, 9Jd. per lb. being, we believe, the highest figure at which business in this article has been done. Bacon, cheese, salt provisions, 4c, are unchanged. Candles are but in little request; amount of transactions have been light, and prices are unchanged. Oilmen's stores have felt the benefit of country orders, and though the heavy amount of stocks as yet preclude improve ment in prices, there has been an improved demand during the whole week. Dried finite also improve in demand for Christmas requirements. The opportune arrival of the cargo from the Cape, per Flibberty, has supplied present wants. The cargo by this vessel was sold by auction during the week at following prices :— Almonds, 7Jd.; apricots, 9d. to 10d.; apples, 74d.; pears. Bat, 7id\; pulled, 13d.; piaches, 7d.; quinces, 7i&; raisias, 8}d. to lOd. per lb. Groceries.— In tea and coffee there is no change what ever to remark; demand continue very steady. Stocks are by no means superabundant, and being in few hands, prices are firmly supported. Sugars have been some what neglected during the past week. Purchasers, having generally supplied present wants at the last public sale, have not been freely in the market, aud pre sent rates holdini? out no temptation to sellers, the mar ket has been and remains quiet. Cossipare and Bally No. 1 have been sold during the week at £ii per ton. Metals of all kinds (except those used for building purposes) continne dull of sale ; as, however, importa tions are evidently on the decline, and as consumption is large, an imuroved amount of business and increased value may reasonably be looked for, should arrivals con tinue of moderate amount only. Tobacco maintains its improved aspect The stock in bond is now reduced to 800,000 lbs., and being in very few hands, who evince no disposition to sell at present rates, improved pricea may be fairly reckoned on. Deils continue in very brisk demand. The cargo of the Admiral Prinz Adalbert has been disposed of by auction during the week, and although the prices realized show a decline on last sales, the quality of this lot being veiy inferior, hardly affords a criterion for the market price of those of good quality. Timber of other kinds is firm, and considerable amount of business doing at full rates. Coals have, owing to heavy stocks, become much de pressed, and as the season naturally causes decreased demand, prices have declined to almost nominal rates. Soft goods, and boots and shoes, are still arriving in large qaantities. The weather having, however, at length apparently settled, has brought country buyers more freely into the market, and although we cannot report any improvement in prices generally, there is a much improved demand, and some few articles which have become rather scares are bringing very full rates. 