Sales by Auction. TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER, large and important Sale of One Hundred and Six Packages new Goods, Just landed from the White Star, and other late arrivals. To be Sold without Reserve, By JAMES WADE. Drapery Auctioneer. a Silks and Ribbons. Fancy Dresses and Cashmeres. Ladies' Underclothing. Muslin Goods. Prints, Calicoes, Slops-:, &c.; To Warehousemen, Drapers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers and Buyers for the Gold-fields. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has school favored with instructions from the im- porters to sell by auction, at his mart, 80 Collins EtrceteastjOn Tuesday 9th Inst, commencing at eleven o'clock. The following choice assortment of goods, imported expressly for the wants of the market Black ribbon vi rivets Colored ingram sky and cerise do. Fancy white and colored lutestring ribbons Mandarin Silks Rich satin robes Moire antique parasols Very rich tative flgurodpaiasols Claremont parasols, ivory handles Rich poplin dressed Diamond Check Silk Striped glace Flounced silk robes Lace collars and chemisettes Children's fancy alpaca drcaaoB Black satin handkerchiefs Rich white CflBlunero shawlS Fine cambric handkerchiefs Circassian cloths, fur mantles Ladies' drab cloth summer mantles Damask Cloths Boxes French flowers and feathers Ladies head dresses", &c.; Oriental ribbons Black embossed ribbons French kid gloves Printed muslin robes Tarlatane and net Ladies'' white and grey continue rival Btays Ladies' French wove do Children's white corded bands Children's white and drab hats, trimmed Straw and rice Bonnets Silk and satin bonnets, trimmed Ladies' moire antique mantles Union damasks Blenched union huckaback Bleached Huons Victoria worsted covers Drab and colored table covers Colored Coburgs Black Coreena 7-8 chintz furniture prints White ground madder printS Hoylca's plates Printed drugging Ladies' white cotton Hose Children's cotton socks Infants' hoods and cloaks Men's brown cotton half hose Do cotton pants and vest Do lambswool shirts Do white dress shirts Do regatta shirts Do Bupcriordoo trousers Do black cloth trousers Do shepherds' plaid suits Boys' tweed suits Do and youths' cord and mole trousers Gent's, fancy doe coats Do silk and cloth vests Do alpaca coats and vests. The attention of country storekeepers is particularly called to this extensive sale. No Reserve. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. THIS DAY. Tartaric Acid. Tartaric Acid. Arsenic. "F E. BEAVER and CO. will cause JL to be sold by public auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 0 kegs tartaric add 6 cases do do 2 do jars do. After which 4 casks arsenic. 'Terms Cash. 2416 AT THIS DAY. fRock Salt, Rock Salt. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by public auction, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 26 tons rock salt. _Torms-Cash._2416 THIS DAY. Brandy, Whiskey, Geneva. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday 2nd inst.,' at eleven o'clock, 10 hhds. brandy 20 quarter-casks do, three star 8 do do, Garonne 14 hhds. whiskey, Gray's Scotch 18 do do, Baudin's Irish 100 cases geneva. After which, On account of whom it may concern, 12 casks bottled porter. Terms at Sale. 2410 THIS DAY. 10 Bales American Hops. JP E. BEAVER and CO. will cause A to be sold by public auction. 911 Friday, -. " - 2 o'clock, >' '. ' 2nd Inst, at clove... I 10 bales American hops. No Reserve. 1496 ! THIS DAY. 280 Casks Cement. On Account of Whom It May Concern p E BEAVER and CO. yell as to 80 casks ' J 2nd inst., at eleven o clock, cement. on Account of Whom It May Concern. L nimm»-J- "..,. No Reserve. 2410 THIS DAY. Ex Ben Nevis and Dragoon. On Account of Whom It May Concern. Assorted Fruits. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by public auction, at their rooms, Collins street west, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, For Account of Whom It May Concern, Ex Ben Nevis, DB over M in diamond, 25 cases fruits, assorted. Also, Ex Dragoon, For Account of Whom It May Concern, DBovor M, 25 cases fruits 5 do pickles ' 1 do sauces. 1 , Terms Cash. 2410 "~ THIS DAY. White Lead, Black and Green Paint. To Painters and Others. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by public auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 108 tins white lead 71 do green paint 63 do black do. No Reserve. Terms Cash. 2418 . THIS DAY. Crushing Mills Flour. To Close Accounts. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 2nd Inst,, at eleven o'clock precisely, 7 tons flour, Crushing Mills. Terms Cash. 2410 THIS DAY. Night Lights. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to a be sold by public auction, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday, 2nd inst, at eleven o'clock, 6 cases of night-lights. No Reserve. 2416 ~~~ THIS DAY. Clearing Sale of Sundries. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold at their rooms, Collins-street west, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 1 large lot of sundries, To Close Various Accounts, Must be Sold. Terms Cash. 2416 ' THISTDAY; Brown's River Potatoes. PTE E. BEAVER and CO. will cause JL to be sold by public auction, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday the 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 20 tons Brown's River potatoes. Just Landed! Terms Cash. Without Beaervo._3420 THIS DAY. Arsenic. Arsenic. , FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by public auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, i 4 tons arsenic. < Terms at Bale. 3420 THIS DAY. " I Mustard. Blacking. Lamp On. LEE BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by public auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 42 COBOS mustard 2 87 do blacking 2 6 drums lamp-oil. , TormB-Cash._[8420 THIS DAY. White Lead. White Lead. White Lead. E. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by public auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd Inst, at eleven o'clock, 500 drums, 28lbs, each, white lead. Terms at Sale. 429 """ MONDAY, 5th OCTOBER. 'f Ale and Wine Glasses, Plated Ware, Looking Glasses,, Engravings, No. I To Hotelkeepers and Others. ! "F E. BEAVER and CO. will causes JL 3 to be sold by public auction, at their rooms Collins-street. on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock 8 casks ale andrino glasses. - , ' Also, invoice el very Handsome ptoWl JfW»í« workings glasses, engravings, c, After which, I , ' 1 Tory handsome cheval glass, 43, X 20 Terms Cash, 211' r Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. 218 Casks Roman Cement (Ashby's). F- E BEAVER and CO. will cause a, to be sold by public auction, at their rooms Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock precisely.., 248 casks Roman cement (Ashby's), in excellent condition, and now landing, ^__^_Torma at Sale 8420 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. North Melbourne. Household Furniture. Comprising Dining Room, Drawing Room, Bed Room, Kitchen and Hall Furniture, Errol-street, North Melbourne. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by auction, at the late residence of Hugh McMeckan, Esq., whoSftas left the colony for Europe, on Wednesday, 7th October, The entire household furniture, consisting of Mahogany, dining, side, and loo tables, chairs and sofas, easy chairs and couches, all of the best English manufacture and newest patterns, Turkey carpets and rugs, drawing-room for- nature of the most elegant and unique style and fashion, handsome and convenient bed room furniture, well assorted, kitchen and culinary utensils. Also, A well-appointed horse and dog-cart. Terms Cash. Without Reserve. Catalogues at the Rooms of the Auctioneers. 8314 *" MONDAY, 5th OCTOBER. To Hotelkeepers and Others. 7 Tlorcos very Handsome China Ware. Toilet, Dinner, and Breakfast Services. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold at their rooms, on Monday, 6th inst, at eleven o'clock precisely, 7 tierces very bands came to let, dinner, and break fast services, French gilt, very chaste. The attention of hotelkeepers and the trade is particularly requested to the sale of the above choice invoice. No Reserve. 2410 THIS DAY. Zinc Glazed Windows. Europe Rope. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at the Mart, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 16 coils of rope, 8 to 4 inches, about three tons 200 zinc glazed windows, 40 x 87 to 86 x 24. Terms at Sale. 330 THIS DAY. On Account of Whom It May Concern. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at the Mart, on Friday, 2nd Inst,, at eleven o'clock. On Account of Whom It May Concern, 17 cases of galvanised corrugated iron, _ Torma-Cosh._3308 THIS DAY. Dog-Carts. Spring-Carts. Carriage Lamps. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at the Mart, on Friday, 2nd inst. at eleven o'clock, 1 dog-cart, lamps, c, complete 1 Newport Pagnel cart 2 spring-carts 14 pairs carriage lamps, various. Terms at Sale. 3398 THIS DAY On Account of Whom It May Concern. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at the Mart, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, On Account of Whom It May Concern, 12 boxes Halo's Belmont candles 8 cases Volcknum's 1 lb. jams Terms Cash". 3308 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. First-Class City Property. By Order of the Trustees In the Estate of Mr. Frederick Cooper. Bourke-street. William street Flinders-street. Prahran. FRASER and COHEN have resi ceived instructions from the trustee in the estate of Mr Frederick Cooper to sell by auction, in a few days, due notice of which will be given, The following valuable first-class city property Two three story house and ground in Bourke street One house, do do Cooper's bonded stores, William street Fourth Share of water works in Flinders-street Cottage and ground in Argyle street, Prahran, to be disposed of in the following lots, viz. : Note. All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, situated in the city of Melbourne, and being part of -allotment No 16 of section No 9 of the Bald city, commencing at the north-west corner or angle of the said allotment, and running easterly thirty eight foot eight inches, and bounded on or towards the north by Bourke street, then running southerly m a line at right angles to the last line one hundred and twenty feet, and bounded on or towards the east by other part of the said allotment No 10, then running westerly in a line at right angles to the last Uno nineteen foot four inches and bounded on or toll ards the south by a road or way of fourteen foot Made then running further southerly in a line at right angles to the last Uno fourteen feet, and bounded on ." towards the east by the terminus of the said road v if fourteen feet wide then came running or ways of SOME" ineueK"tanfl0,S to We ""1 visit the north by the a bounded on or towards wide then by" said road or way of fourteen] feeS to the la"' n'nR southerly in a line at right angles v -o last line sixty £10 feet six inches, and its "ed on or towards the east by a road or way of sixteen feet wide, then running westerly in a line at right angles to the last line fifty eight foot, and bounded or towards the south by another road or way of fourteen feet wide, and other part of the said allotment No 10, and then running northerly one hundred and ninety nine feet six inches, in a line at right angles to the last line home to the commencing point, and bounded on or towards the west by part of allotment No 17 of section No 0 oforoBaid To other n til the buildings erected thereon, comprising two first-class three-story brick and stone houses, situate in Bourke street, opposite the Scottish Hotel, and in the occupation of Messrs Symons and Co , at £800 per annum. No. 2. All that piece or parcel of Land, situate, Ty Eng and being in the city of Melbourne, parish of Melbourne, county of Bourke, and colony of Victoria, being part of Allotment 10 of section No 0, commencing at a point on the northern boundary line of the same allotment, thirty eight feet eight inches east of the north M eastern angle thereof, bearing from said commencing point in a Uno further easterly nineteen feet four inches, and bounded on or towards the north by Bourke street, thence in a line at right angles to the last line bearing southerly one hundred and twenty feet, and bounded on or towards the east by a road or away sixteen feet wide, thence in a line at right angles to the last Uno bearingwcatcrly nineteen feet four inches, and bounded on or towards the south by a road or way fourteen feet wide thence In a line at right-angles to the last line bearing northerly one hundred and twenty feet home to the point of commencement, and bounded on or towards the west by other part of the said allotment, together with the premises erected thereon, and in the occupation of Mr McMasters at 180\. per annum. This property joins No 4 No. 8. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the City of Melbourne, parish of North Melbourne, County of Bourke Said Colony of Victoria, being part of allotment number nine of section number thirty-one of the said City, commencing at the south-east corner or angle of the said allotment, bounded on the east by Willlam-street, in a line bearing north twonty-sW,feot, on the north by other part of the Bald allotment In a line at right angles with the last line bearing west one Hundred feet, on the west by a road or way twelve feet wide in a line at right angles with the last line, bearing south twenty- six feet, and on the south by part of allotment number eight in a line at right angles with the last line bearing east one hundred feet home to the commencing point. Together with all the buildings erected thereon, comprising all those first- class stores known as Cooper's Bonded Warehouse. No. 4. All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, situated in the county of Bourke and parish of Prahran, near Melbourne, being part of Allotment 6 of portion No. 69, commencing at a point on the southern boundary line of the said Allotment C, 325 feet east from the south-west corner or angle of said Allotment 0, bounded on the south by part of Allotment D, in a line bearing east 60 feet, on the east by other part of Bald Allotment 0, conveyed to one Maurice Atkin Harte, in a line at right angles with the lost line, bearing north 200 feet on the north by a road or way 46 foot wide, called Argyle- street (twenty-five feet whereof is reserved out of said Allot- ment O and 20 feet out of Allotment B) in a line at right angles with the last line, bearing west 60 feet, and on the west by other part of said Allotment 0, conveyed to one- Wood, in a line at right angles with the last line bearing south SCO foot, home to the commencing point aforesaid. Together with all the buildings erected thereon, comprising a galvanised corrugated iron cottage, No. 6. All that the full and equal one fourth part or share of and in all that piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the City of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, being part of allotment No, 1 in block No, 6, bounded on the south, commencing at the south-west corner or angle of the said allotment by Flinders street, being a line bearing east sixty six feet, on the cost by other portion of the said allotment, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing north sixty feet on the north by other portion of the said allotment, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing west sixty-six foot; and on the west by Ellzabeth street, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing south sixty feet to the commencing point; and of and in all buildings, steam-engine, tonks, pipe, plant, and machinery erected and put upon the said piece or parcel of land or some port thereof. These premises are held for the residue of a term of 14 years to be computed from the 8th July, 1849. Terms and further particulars on application to Messrs. FRASER and COHEN, auctioneers. 3200 ?" MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. American Clocks. ' Do Chain. Lobsters. Hollowwaro. FRASER and COHEN are instructed \- to tell by auction, at the Mart, on Monday, fitbtnt&iMtolovon; o'clock, M under M, ' a cues Dorio eight-day timepiece 1 do do three-day round do 9 do one and elghtJeUy clocks 7 do peg aim high chain!, 20 dOMQ é> doES inch cane stools, SO to 12 do cane chairs, 20 do 12 do 1-lb. lobsters. Also, -40 Mtcll, hollowware, comprising aTtend saucepans and covers f S Oval pots J. J, Tinned te^fceU!«»; ' J time of Sale. 330 ¿: Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. American Buggy. Side Saddles. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday, 2nd Inst,, at twelve o'clock, 1 American buggy, with harness complete 1 gentleman's saddle 2 ladies' side saddles. Terms at Sale. 8417 THIS DAY. Thirty Acres Land, Part of Section 13, Parish of Warrandyte. To Capitalists, Farmers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. have of received instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Fri- day, 2nd October, at twelve o'clock, Thirty Acres of good agricultural land, being the remainder of the unsold allotments of Sostlon 13, ' Parish of Warrandyte. A portion of this land is well timbered, and the whole is fenced on one side. This property is situated about three miles from the Anderson's Creek Diggings. The remainder of the I section has been sold, and is now settled by the proprietors. Terms at Sale. 3224 THIS DAY. To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, 19 barrels pork 6 firkins butter 4 bags salt 8 cases pepper sauce 3 do strawberry syrup 2 do lemon do 2 do champagne cider 2 barrels crushed sugar 1 box pipes 149 of oz. DH. US. round-pointed shovels 6 do do do Square do do 4 coils Manilla rope i boxes zinc plates. Terms at Sale. 8417 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Cedar Boards. The Entire Cargo of the Golden Spring. To Timber Dealers, Contractors, Builders, Cabinet- makers, and Others. W M. TENNENT and CO. are S T 0 instructed by the importers to sell by auction, at the Australian Wharf, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, 10,020 feet 3-inch cedar boards 10,000 do 7 do do do 27,000 do 1 do do do 1,000 do 12 do do do 15,000 do do do do 12,000 do 2 do do do 900 do I do do do. Ex Golden Spring. Terms at Sale. 3427 THURSDAY 8th OCTOBER To Parties Furnishing and Others Sale of Household Furniture, at St Kilda, the Property of the late F Hayley, Esq By Order of the Administrator TTC M TENNENT and 60 have The received instructions to sell by auction, at the residence of the late 1 Roderick Hay ley, Esq, on the Esplanade St Kilda, on Thursday, 8th Inst, at eleven o'clock, The Whole of the Superior Household Furniture and effects, consisting of Dining, Table Dining room chairs Couches Drawing room suite Bedsteads and mattresses Washstands and furniture Towel horses Chests draw ora Dressing Tables Chairs dining, drawing, and bedroom Plated ware and crockery Kit elion utensils Carr cts Fenders and fire-irons Drawing room and chimney ornaments Paintings and Engravings And, A very superior rosewood pianoforte, six and three quarter octaves Also, A superior Albert car Grey horse, Doctor's very valuable and quiet family horse in saddle and harness Gig harness Cart and cart harness stable furniture, And numerous other articles which cannot be particularised In this advertisement Note -The sale to commence at eleven o'clock, and the horse, cart, harness, &c;, will be sold at one of clock Catalogues can be obtained at the rooms of the auctioneers two days prior to the sale, and the furnl nature will be on view on Wednesday and on the day of sale Terms Cash 3427 MONDAY, 5th OCTOBER ' For the Benefit of All Concerned Sold by Order of the Underwriters WM TENNENT and 60 are in structed by the Underwriters to sell by auction, at their rooms Collins street, on Monday, 6th October, at twelve o'clock, The Schooner ROBERT ~ j 1W rJhhT - ""after. the Mount Eliza, mills That PhMi ^ together with a 1 the tackle, gear | lVuXÄ°Ärscan V W on application to I Terms Cash _ 330 THIS DAY. To China, Glass, and Earthenware Merchants, Dealers, and Others. 50 Casks and Crates or Assorted Earthen and Glass Ware. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by VJ auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, 24 crates earthenware o Willow dinner, soup, and pie plates Do move dishes Do baking do Flowing blue breakfasts Blue printed do. 0 hhds do White and gold china breakfasts and plates. 20 notices Indented 5-to-quart tumUera. . Terms at Sale. 8445 THIS DAY. To Private Gentlemen. Picture Dealers, and Others. Fine Arts Fine Arts. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 2nd inst., at twelve stock, A small, choice, and valuable collection of paint BBBThoaFcrry,' Swell Drag, the mented Door (Soxtlo), Scotch Dog and Polo Cat (Lansdell), Winter Scene and Hog Hunting in India (Soxtie), Rokeby (Henshaw), Study (Sir Thomas Lawrence), Going to the Cover (Soxtlo), Landscape (Moreland), Admiral (Webster), Lands scape (Bonshaw), Gone Away (Soxtio), Landscape, Queen's Pet, Diogenes and Alexander, Stable Scone, Dumbarton Castle, Nimrod, &c.; Terms at Sale. 3445 THIS DAY. To Perfumers, Storekeepers, and Others. Four Cases Price's Perfumery, Assorted. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by KJ auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 2nd Inst., at twelve o'clock, Without any Reserve, 4 CORPS Price's Superior perfumery, consisting of Esprit de lavendo, rondeletia, kalydor, royal bouquet, rose geranium, woollens, curling oil, marrow oil, Peruvian balm, trouble distilled. lavender water, AsWtlc balsam, extract of rosemary, toilet vinegar, bloom of roses, -golden oil, infallible refresher, brochure, macassar oil, reindeer's marrow, bear's grease, cold cream, cosmetics, Peruvian hair- do, extract of roses, pastilles, hairpins, &c.; Terms-Cash. 8418 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Notice of Sale of all that Valuable Property, the Blenheim Park Estate, St. Kilda, Corner of Balaclava Chapel, and Nightingale (Govern- ment) Streets, and Fronting Two Government Reserves. 178 Allotments. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, on the ground, on Tuesday, 6th October, at half-past twelve o'clock, The above magnificent estate, the most valuable in ' sold large portion of land in the municipality of St. Kilda. This splendid property has been subdivided into 123 allotments, with front ages to the following streets: 27 allotments, each 80 feet by 120 to Balaclava (Government) street, CO foot wide, and a right-of-way. 12 allotments fronting Chapel (Government) street, CO feet, and the Government Reserve, and a right-of-way I I 20 allotments fronting Nightingale (Qovommont) strs ct, 66 feet wide, a Gol ornament RoBCrvo, and a right of-way. 54 allotments fronting Marlborough-street, 40 feet wide, and a right-of-way 64 allotments fronting Rosamond-street, 40 feet wide, and right-of-way The Auctioneers deem it unnecessary to expatiate upon the value of the above- described property, as it must be patent to every one that a more valuable and choice spot could not be selected. The plans of the property can be obtained from the Auctioneers The title is one remove from the Crown Terms Liberal at Sale. | A tent will be erected, and a champagne luncheon will be provided on the ground, at twelve o'clock. 132] out 0 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. I To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Dealers, and Others. j Extensive sale of Wines, Spirits, and Green riots. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, I 1,000 cases Burnett's old tom I EOO do Booth's old tom I 600 do Pigeon's do do EOO do claret 100 boxes candles 60 cases bacon > 600 firkins butter , 500 cases bottled beer, various 100 do champagne and moselle 100 qr.-casks superior old port) l 20 pipes dodo acB 80 qr.-casks sherry BOO linda. Burtonslb -,£GdoV(Iiïnm 11 -.^ytodooli torn off 300 et les geneva, anchor buns. Terms liberal, Declared at Sale. \- Sales by Auotto ? THIS DAY. TO Perfumers, Hairdressers, and Others Eau de Cologne Eau de Cologne SYMONS and PERRY will sell by O auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 2nd met, at twelve o clock, 1 case, 60 dozen, Jean Marie Farina eau de cologne - _TcrmB-Cash._3418 TUESDAY, 13th OCTOBER Important Sale of Valuable Suburban Land known as Murphy's Paddock, situate on the Road to Toorak. a SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions to sell by public auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Tuesday, 13th inst., at twelve o'clock, The following choice allotments of land, viz - Lots 3 and 0 Each having a frontage to the Gardiner's Creek road of 46 feet 6 inches, by a depth of 160 foot Lot 9 is a valuable cornering Lots 10,11,12,18, Each having a frontage of 10 feet 6 inches to the Gar- diner's, Creek road by a depth of 160 feet Lot No 16 is a corner lot Lotte A very valuable corner allotment, having a frontage of 40 feet 6 inches to the Gardiner a Creek road, by a depth of 160 feet along a road 62 feet 6 inches wide, leading to the river Yarra Yarra Lots 35, 36, 37, 38 39, and 61 Each having a frontage of 60 feet to a road 62 feet 3 inches wide, leading into the Gardiner's Creek-road, by a depth of 139 foot 6 inches Lots 100-104, 110, 111, 112,113, and 114, Each having a frontage of 60 feet to a load 52 foot 8 inches wide leading to the Gardiner's Creek road and the Yarra Yarra, by a depth of 139 foot 6 inches Lots 04 and 66, 117,118 Each having a frontage of 60 foot to a road 62 feet 8 ! des wide leading into the Gardiner's Creek road, t ) depth of 189 feet 6 Inches These are four of the liiiCkt allotments in the whole paddock, being situated on the bl on of the hill Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale The auctioneers wish to call the particular attention of persons seek the, Lord plot of ground out of the dust of Melbourne to inspect the above choice allotments previous to the day of sale, and convince them ECIIGB or the fact that it is about the best spot out of Melbourne for the erection of villas, being within a short distance of the city, and having a good macadamised road the whole way, and surrounded by some or the most respectable and influential members of the community For particulars of title apply Those Miller, Esq, solicitor, Swanston street 8418 THIS DAY. Iron Tanks, Ex Chai les Crockery. bale at the Railway Terminus, Flinders-street STUBBS and SON will sell by public . _' auction, at the Railway Shed, Flinders street, on Fri day, 2nd Inst at the eli o o clock, 14 iron water tanks, from 4 to 500 gallons each Terms at Sale 3433 EUmiENWARE, CHINA, So 10 Package s Now Landing Ex Beatrice Q STUBBS and SON will sell by public V. ' auction, at their rooms, (Queen street, on Tuesday, October i call, at eleven o'clock, G ever D P B. and Co, 83 875 hills containing bowie and saucers, as- sorted patterns 384 little boy and saucers, plates, butters and stands, cream jugs, At 80 91 3 crates soup plates, willow 92 93-2 do dishes assorted sizes 91-11 late covered dishes 95-1 do bakers 9t Osmonde chamber sets 09-1 do jugs, colored mustards, whistling birds, At 100 16 --3 crates chambers, bowls and saucers 100-104 do ewers and basins, to cars, At 108 little do pudding bowls assorted 110-1 do sugars colored jugs, el cams, butters and state da, 7 and 8 inch plates, bowls egg on p c 111-1 find very superior china breakfast sets, white and gold 11" 111-3 crates jugs, mugs, and toy cans 115-1 do soup tureens 110 119-4 do flat and soup plates, dishes, gravies, cover dishes, bakers, soup and sauce tureens, of 120 142 hhds 7 inch china plates, butter stands, sugar br eyes, are was, milk Jugs, At 122 Vii- 2 hhds bowls and saucers Terms at sale. 3433 ' SUPERIOR WINES At the May Queen street STUBBS and SON are instructed O to include in their important nine and spirit sale, at the mart, Queen-street on Tuesday, 6th October, at eleven o'clock precisely, The undermentioned additions, at 10 qu water casks very fine post 0 1 lids do do shorn Terms Liberal 3133 SALE OF WINES, SPIRITS S-c Postponed in consequence of the wet Weather on Sunday, (4th October Important Sale of IlratcHsa Brandy and Wines To Wine Merchants, Hotelkeepers, Innkdopors, Dealers, Country Storekeeper and Others STUBBS and SON will sell by public KJ auction, at their rooms, Qui on street, on Tues day, 6th October, at Eleven o'clock precisely, (When refreshments will be provided,) The undermentioned coursing meet of superior . area and spirits viz : Lot 14 ccrtlflOdtO your friends' I P»CW<*, Martell's brandy Do 2-1 do do do, do do Do 3-1 lie to J, 'J viz Do 4-1 do do do, do do ' Do 5 1 do do do, do do Do 10-4 do do do, do do Wine, in pipes and quarter, y'U f Do 7-1 pipe Superior port, COUCHE trebled money Do 8-1 do do do, do do do Do 0-1 do do do, do do do Doll do do do, do do do Do 11-1 do do do, do do do Quarter casks, Do 13-1 to 5 quarter casks superior port, Do 13-1 to 5 do ded I, do d", -j Do 14-1 to 6 do do do, do do, f ", D.BkttMa Do 13- 1 to 5 do do do, do do, for Plages Do 10-1 to 3 do do do, do do, J Do 17-1 to 5 quarter-casks superior port, Do 18-1 to 5 do do do, do do, it Do 10-1 to 6 do do do, do do, [? 4 packages Do 20-2 do do do, do do, J Terms liberal, viz Under 50, cash ; above that sum 26 per cent cash deposit, and the residue at three months, without interest Extractor all fees received by the last mail respect- ing the vine disease We continue to receive very distressing reports from Portugal and Spain, the line disease during the past month having made fearful progress, and, as a natural consequence, wines have advanced 20 per cent"_3^8 TO BUILDERS, CONTRACTORS, TIMBER MERCHANTS, AND OTHERS. Timber, Palings, &c.; Ex Urania. Sale at the Australian Wharf. STUBBS and SON will sell by public auction, on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, 6th Inst, at eleven o'clock, 00 pieces 9 x 3, 12 ft. 82 do, 6 do 46 do quartering, 12 do 12 do do, 12 do 2nd do do, 16 do 32 do do, 3 do 5 do do 18 do 3 do 9 x 3,11 do 854 pieces, Palings 28,540 in effect I 0,385 six feet ) 6,226 two feet six inches 40,160 Terms at Sale. 843 FREESTONE. Ex Urania. STUBBS and SON will sell by public auction, on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 79 pieces freestone, 1,1181 cubic feet, equal to 65 tons 7 cwt. 383 \- ~ THIS DAY 10 Hhds. Fine Cheese. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEAVER and CO. will sell by o auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 Collins street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd Inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 Hhds. piano cheese. No BoBorvo._Í428 THIS DAY. 26 Casks Bass's Bottled Ale. 75 Do Truman's Stout. 600 Do Barclay's Do. 300 Cases Geneva. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. WEAVER and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 84. Collins-street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd Inst., at eleven o'clock, a Ex Marshall, 26 casks Bass's bottled ale 15 do Truman's stout 600 do Barclay's do 300 cases geneva. 14 hhds. sherry 10 octaves do. ,", ,.,"" Terms at Sale. 3428 THIS DAY. " 2,000 Bushels Chiffon Bran. To Livery Stable Keepers, Cornfactors, and Others. VEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 Collins street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd inst. at eleven o'clock, 5000 bushels Chilian bran. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade in the above And sample of bran, which will be sold to ice PUT JennB fit g^_8428 THIS DAY. 2,000 Bushels Danish Oats. For the Benefit of All Concerned. (To contractors. Livery Stable Keepers, and Others. are EASEY and CO. will sell by fV auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 Collins, street. on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, Street, on r"u¿*'Monfttchana wanderer; ' 2.000 bushels Danish oats. The Auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of the trade No the above fine sample, which is guaranteed sound, and in good condition Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. 25 TECOMA Fine Hams. To Grocers, storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY Y and'00. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 Oct lin-street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 26 tierces fine llama. The above period are only just landed, and are in splendid condition. _ Terms at Sale. 83½ \- THE DAY. ? 100 Tons Course Liverpool Salt. To Storekeepers, Contractors, and Others. WE AS li Y and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 34, Collins-street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, in it inst., at eleven o'clock, 100 tons coarse Liverpool salt'. Terms at Sale. 8305 THIS DAY. 60 Cases Pickles. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 Collins street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 60 cases pint pickles. Terms at Sale. ' 3305 T THIS DAY. Marzetti's Ale and Porter, NicholSon's Old Tom, rise. To Close Accounts. W EASEY and CO. have received a instructions to sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 Collins-street west, opposite their old shaft, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 152 casks Marzetti's porter, each 4 doz. 6 do do ale, each 4 doz. 8 do do porter, pints, each 3 doz. 4 do do do, do, do, 20 hhds. Nicholson's old tom 10 do Grlmblo'a do do 20 quarter casks Tanquoray'a do do. Terms at Sale. 3305 THIS DAY. 150 Bags Oats. More or Less Damaged. To Stable Keepers, Contractors, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by II i auction, at their temporary rooms, Collins i street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Calrnamoro, 150 bags oats, each 4 bushels, More or loss damaged by sea water, and to be said for the benefit of whom it may concern. No Reserve. Forms Cash. 3305 THIS DAY. Butter, Mustard, Confectionary. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and 6 thers. W EASEY and CO. will sell by The auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 Collins-street west, opposite their old mart, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 423 Firkins D. R. Cork butter 100 cases mustard 50 do assorted confectionary. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 3305 THIS DAY. 100 Cases Bitty'a Bloatoie. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Tyr EASEY and CO. will sell by Ti auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 CJI lins-street seat (opposite their old mart), on Friday, j 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 100 cases Batty's bloaters, I More or Less Damaged, and to be Sold for the Benefit | of Whom It May Concern. 34 THIS DAY. "I To Close Accounts. To Provision Merchants, Storokoip r mi ntl ora. WA EASEY and CO. have received Trc instructions to sell by auction, at their tour porary rooms, Colllns- street, on Friday, 2nd October at eleven o'clock, The following goods, to close accounts : 800 boxes Price's lies in export candles 22 cases essence of hoof 60 do 2-lb and 1-lb. mustard CO do thumb blue SO barrels pearl barley Odo Cheddar cheese 20 cases mustard 20 do thumb blue 30 barrels currants 20 do Dunlop cheese 1 case w n i estate Also 38 quarter-casks whisky 100 cases port wine. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 3337 THIS DAY. Candles, Oysters, Stoughton's Bitters. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. was EASEY and CO. will sell by Ti auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd October, at eleven o'clock, 08 coses Stoughton's bitters IOS boxes all mankind candles 44\. cases oysters 'Jones at Sale. NoRcscrio, 3301 THIS DAY. a 60 Tons Chilian Flour. To Merchants, Makers. Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell ^ TI auction, at their temporary- ranges A S£"5î,îlÎSSt.taT,-(0pPU,,,t0 third day), on Friday, 2nd Metal., 01<¡v(m "yes I *~ DO tons Chilian is mr, I Guaranteed Sound, steel, and in Good Order. Terms at Sale. 3301 THIS DAY. 1,200 Utihhels Prime Seed Oats. To Livery Stable Keepers and Others s 1 a EASEY and CO. will sell by f i I auction, at their temporary rooms. 34 Collins street, on Friday, 2nd October, at eleven o'clock, 1,200 bushels flue feed oats, A Fine Sample, and to be Sold. loans at Sale. 830 THIS DAY " A Quantity of Crockery To Dealers and Others W EASEY and CO. will sell by II auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 Collins street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd Inst, at eleven o'clock, 3 casks crockery No Reserve. 348 "~ " THIS DAY 1 Bale Damaged Woolpacks To Ironmongers and Others W EASEY and CO will sell by t auction, at their temporary rooms, 31 Co Una street west (opposite their el t mart), on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock 1 bale 10 lb woolpacks, More or Less D imaged, And to be Sold for the Benefit of Whom It May Concern Terms Cash 3423 MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. 136 Cases American Chairs. 2 To Furniture Dealers and Others. TXT EASEY and CO. will sell by li a auction, at their temporary rooms, 31 Collins street west, opposite their old mart on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Sea Nymph, XL in diamond, 60 cases, each 1 doz., wood-son t chairs Y 25 do. do, Baltimore cane-seat do 16 do, do, Grecian chairs, maple 60 do, do, Baltimore wood-seat chairs. Terms at Sale. The above goods are only recently lan ltd, and are in fine order. 3305 "THUSDAY. ~~~ 20 Tons Ceylon Native Coffee. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and CO. will sell by TIM auction, at their temporary rooms, 84. Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd October, at eleven o'clock, 20 tons Ceylon native coffee. The Auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade to the above Sale of Coffee, which is a fine sample, and will he sold. Terms Liberal. 3301 w. TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Valuable Household Furniture. No. 1 Park Hill-terrace, at the back of Wellington terrace, Richmond, and near the residence of W. Highett, Esq. To Private Families, Gentlemen, and Others Desirous of Obtaining Really Good Furniture. W EASEY and CO. have received IT . Instructions from the proprietors to sell by auction, at their residence, No. 1 Park Hill-terrace, Hoddle-street cast, at the back of Wellington-terrace, Richmond, on Tuesday, 9th Inst,, at twelve o'clock, Tho whole of the valuable household furniture, con- suming of Drawing-room. Velvet pile carpet and rug ' Rosewood green and gold damaged chairs sofa and couch and arm-chairs, en lUito Very strong marble-top tables Do card-tables Whatnots, &c.; Engravings, &c.; Dining-room, Black walnut dining table Carpet, rug, fender, So. Easy and dining chairs Breakfast and dinner services plated forks, spoons, etc. Choice engravings Brilliant-toned of octave piano, in rosewood. by the eminent makers, D'Almaine and Co., London. Bedrooms. Elegant bedsteads Do bureau Washstands, Toilet Services on Bulto Hair mattresses, blankets, pillows, &c.; Kitchen utensils and general appendages of a gentleman's establishment. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of families furnishing to the above sale, the furniture being nearly all new, and of the best quality and description. 8428 "~ MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. '4 TO COBCB Handsome Brass Bedsteads. " To Parties Furnishing and Furniture Dealers, and Others. Mr EASEY and CO. will sell by If auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 Collins street west (opposite their old mart), on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 cases handsome brass bedsteads. ] Terms at Sale. j . Jft P,«»<fVf *' 3128 Sales by Auction. MONDAY, 5th OCTOBER. To lYraaySWarohouBomon, Ironmongers, Families; and Others. Hobby-horses, Toy Parts, Olga, &c.; W EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their old mart, 82 Collins-street west, on Monday, 6th Inst.; at eleven o'clock, P in diamond, S over, L under, ' 11 case containing 6 large hobby horses, 20 des. ' toy paila, 45 do clothes-lines 2-1 do do same 8-1 do do 12 medium hobby-horses, 0 doe. mats 4-1 do do rockers for do, 2 doz. mats 6-1 do do 7 rocking-horse, 80 doz toy pails, 30 doz. clothes-lines 6-1 do do 0 small rocking-horse, 24 doz. pails, 14 doz. cotton linen 7-1 do do 0 hobby-horse, 82 doz. toy palls, 45deg, cotton and jute lines L- 2 do do 8 side curtain gigs, 3 do do. No Reserve. 3394 MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. To Private Families, Furniture Warehousemen, Hotel Keepers, and Others. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of One Hundred Pack- ages of Superior English-made Furniture, just Landed, in Excellent Order, ex Marco Polo and White Star. W 'EASEY and CO. have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their old mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Monday, 5th October, at eleven o'clock, 100 hundred packages of superior English-made fur- niture, comprising Magnificent drawing-room suites, in walnut tree wood, and covered with rich green embossed -velvet a large bold chciUoneora, with plate glass backs and doors, and marble tops ; 100 and card tables to match. Also, 20 mahogany loo tables 20 do, with handsome Star tops 15 large easy chairs, covered with morocco 12 handsome mahogany extending dining-table 120 mahogany chairs, in morocco and horsehair a-dozen cane-seated chairs 50 large-size box and tray glasaoB 4 splendid easy chairs, in crimson, embossed velvet 0 Inaaalvo carved sideboards 60 double and single horsehair mattresses 12 mahogany couches, in horsehair couches and chairs to match in walnut tree wood, and covered in green morocco leather Invoice iron four-post and French bedsteads 20 mahogany bed-slops 20 do toivcl-horaos 20 do washstands, with marble tops To parties furnishing this sale presents admirable opportunity of purchasing, the furniture being one of the largest invoices and of the best make for some time offered at auction. The furniture will be on view the day previous to sale. Terms at Sale. 3270 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER Valuable Farm at East Brighton, (near the Grange, East Brighton and Little Brighton Hotel, containing 44 Acres of Land, 30 Acres of which are cleared, and 20 Acres under cultivation, the whole substantially fenced in To Newly Arm ed Immigrants, Farmers, Small Capitalists, and Others seeking an Advantageous Investment a Comfortable and Contain Indopendcnco W EASEY and CO have received instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their mart, 83 Collins street west, on Wednesday, 7th October, at twelve o'clock All that capital farm containing 44 acres of land, 30 acres of which are cleared, and 20 acres under cultiva- tion Upon this land is erected a four roomed dwell- ing house, kitchen outside, four stall stable, hay loft, and two rooms, large barn 62 x 22, stock and stock; yards, piggeries, (vc There is a capital garden of about one acre of ground (closed fences) attached to the hoUse, most part of which is trenched and stocked with fine vines and fruit trees The farm is substantially enclosed by a post and rail fence, and subdivided into five paddocks (including house and garden), say four cultivation paddocks and one grazing paddock The Farm is well drained and has been highly cultl lated, and a source of great profit to the present owner, who is only for ing on accountofbolngobiigrU to reside in the bush. The site of this farm is admirably situated, being at the corner of two Government roads, one of which is the chains lillie, and must become one of the first roads in this part of the country Distance from Melbourne about eight miles, and the farm is close to the Orange and near the r East Brighton and Little Brighton Hotel, Upwards or £1,000 has been expended on improvements by the present owner The land is to markably good To newly arrived immigrants and small capitalists, the auctioneers would direct thoirattontion to the sale of this farm, as to any hard working industrious man a certain independence would be realised in a few years. The on nor being obliged to leave the farm will be positively sold The crops can be taken at a valuation, or sold with the land, and if preferred, the farm will be subdivided into 6 or 10 acre lots Terms-Half Cash, residue at 80 9, 12, and 18 I months, bearing interest at 10 per cent Purchasers are solicited to go and view the farm, and every Information given on application to Vin, I auctioneers 8263 I_.-~ MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER, Brown's Patent Portable Furniture. Torurnltuio Dealers, Private Families, and Others. WM, EASEY and CO. will sell by " auction, at IboirfuOMB, 83 Collins-street, on Monday, /;._*" October, at i lay on o'clock, 5 '19 Following assortment of this first-rate maker's goods 2 mahogany ii ardroboB 0 do telescope dining-table 1 do loo-table , , , , 1 handsome toilet table, with plate glass mirror i 'i«.,.,'i Hand to match, marble top 8 doz boil nrahnyuiy dining-room chairs . 12 patent easy chairs 8 handsome mahogany dining wools sold 2 magnificent sideboards, extra large size, carved! fronts. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of parties furnishing to the above Sale of really handsome furniture, Terms at Salo_3301 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER St Kilda St Kilda Valuable Building Sites in Easby s Paddock, on the Beach By Order of the Executors To Parties In Quest office Building Sites in this beautiful and failure locality, close to the Beach, within a few minutes walk of the Railway Station. 1 TV EASEY and CO are instructed T to sell by auction, at their mart, Collins street, on W c Tuesday, 7th inst., at eleven o clock, Lot No 4 All that piece of land is in ing a frontage of 40 feet to Victoria road by a depth of 80 foot Lot No 2 All that piece of land adjoining Lot 1, with a like frontage and depth Those allotments are situated between Ackland street and the Beach, and are in the same road, and close to the late residence of his Honor the Chief Justice They are finely situated, and command an extensive tion of the Bay and surrounding country Full information given on application at the main c Terms at Saio_8395 MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. 1 Grand Piano. To Parties Furnishing and Others. Try EASEY and CO. will sell by IT is auction, at their tomporaryrooms, 84. Collins-street west (opposite their old mart), on Monday, 6th Inst., at eleven o'clock, 1 handsome grand piano. Terms at Sale. No Resorvo._8428 " MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. " From one of the First London UpholBtory Houses. W EASEY and CO. have received instructions from the Importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, 83ColllHfl-atrcot, on Monday, 5th inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 cases, consisting of Elegant drawing-room mirrors, Canterbury, whatnot, in walnut and rosewood ; French inlaid tables, rosewood cheffoniers, plate glass, marble top, plate-glass back and doors ; handsome blackwood bookcases, plate-glass doors ; cheval glasses, occasional tables, library table, do Terms at Solo. 420 THIS DAY. To Paporhangers, Painters, Dealers, and Others. Important and Unreserved Sale of Paperhangings. Paints, &o.; 8 ' AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, at his rooms, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, 10,000 pieces paperhangings, comprising flocks, gifts, satins, marbles, and oaks. Also ' A great variety of paints. Also 600 gallons turpentine, plate glass, CC. No Reserve. _lenna-Cash._8484 ?-' THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of Assaying Apparatus. Photographic Apparatus, Magic Lanterns. AG. M'COMBE will sell by are tion, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, An apparatus by Driver] and Son, for assaying gold A photographic apparatus, with chemicals 2 magic lanthorns, with slides j And miscellaneous goods. No Reserve. 848 THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of 60 cases Port Wine, 20 Quarter-Casks Old Tom, | 71 Cases Frazer's Finest Nectar Gin, 100 Cases Truman's Stout. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 60 cases port wine 20 quarter-casks old tom 71 cases Frazer's finest nectar gin 100 cases Truman's Stout. To be Sold Without Reserve. 8434 """" THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of Red Herrings, Mackerell, and Mustard, Hops, Blue, tus. A G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street,' next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 160 tins red herrings 80 barrels mackerel 80 boxes of mustard 20 bales, hops i s jackagcRyoiHinlroteo! matter milk 40 boxes Coming"''' thumb blue, damaged. No Uose vc. 3134 Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. 8,000 Bushels Beat Adelaide Bran. A G M'COMBE will sell by and JENS lion, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, --- 3,000 Bushels best Adelaide bran. Terms' at Sale. 8131 THIS DAY. Damaged Furniture and Boots. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. As, M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his ° omB, Collins-street, next the Bank: of Australasia, in Friday, 2nd inst, at eleven o'clock, ? A quantity of damaged furniture "* 4 cases boots and shoes, To be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Without Reserve. 8301 THIS DAY. 01 earing-out Sale. 800 Firkins of Goshen Butter. 100 do. D.U. Cork Butter. A. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank: of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 300 firkins Goshen butter 100 do D.R. Corkbuttor. To be sold to close a consignment. Terms at Sale. 3801 THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of 20,000 Small Bags of Table Salt. AGL M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd Inst, eleven o'clock, 8,000 bags, each 20 lbs., fine table salt 17,000 do, each 6 lbs., do do 300 do, each 1903., do do. To be Sold for the Benefit of Whom it may Concern. Without Reserve. 8304 THIS DAY. 12 Casks Belfast Hams. 4 Do American Do. A few Packages Black Tea. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst, at eleven o'clock, 12 casks Belfast hams 4 do American do A few packages black tea. No Reserve. 8301 THIS DAY. To Grocers and Country Storekeepers. 31 Cases Valencia Almonds. 10 Cases Moore's Chocolate Pastor. A G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, stop his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at olovenfo'elock, 28 cases, each about 43 lbs., Valencia almonds 3 barrels, each about 3 cwt., do do 6 cases, each 60deg,, 1 lb. tins, Moore's chocolate paste 1 case, each 15 doz, } lb. tins, do do. Further Particulars and Terms at Sale. 3394 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. SO Casks and Cases of Splendid Cheese. A G. M'COMBE will sell by are the tion in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst, at eleven o'clock, Ex Bosphorus, K in diamond, 12 cases North Wilts cheese 30 cases Cheddar cheese 40 casks Dunlop choose. All Just Lauded and in Splendid Condition. Further Particulars and Terms at Sale. 3394 THIS DAY] I To Furniture Dealers and Others. 100 Cases Baltimore Cane Seat Chairs. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, W. H. 0 100 cases, each 1 dozen, Baltimore Cane-seat chairs. Tunis at Sale. THIS" DAY. " To Glaziers, Builders, and Others. Unreserved Sale of 30 Cases British Plate Glass, Assorted Sizes. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd October, at eleven o'clock, Without the Slightest Reserve, Ex the Mermaid, WB and Co in diamond, 2 41-44-4 cases British plate-glass, J inch thick, sizes 48 x 28 to 40 x 20 46-62-8 do do do, sizes 40 x 24 to 38 x 24 68-66-4 do do do, Size 36 x 22 to 30 x 20 67-68-2 do do do, sizes 84 x 28 and 34 12 69-08-6 do do do, SIZOB 84 x 22 to 22 x 24 04-70-7 do do do, sizes 32 x 22 to 28 x 20. 22 revenue' Jostled in splendid condition, and to be sold by instructions of the consignee, Without the Slightest Reserve. 886 THIS DAY. To Stationers, Ironmongers, and General Dealers. 1 LYONS and CO. will sell by V auction, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke-street, on Friday, 2nd inst, at twelve o'clock prompt, 20 cases assorted merchandise, consisting of Notes and letter paper Lace note paper Plain and lace envelopes Playing cards 140 grove Magill bonum sons, but dozen DOXOB 100 gross carpenters' square powder 3 cases cutlery, Including Pen and pocket knives, of all kinds Sportsmen's knives Razors, in cases white-handled razor Pistols Wire dish covers " Shop or baths Sponge do Teapots , Trays and waiters Camp washstands Water jugs Dressing-cases And a variety of useful furnishing ironmongery. ALSO, 8 hhds. assorted ornaments. Terms Cash. No Reserve, 8402 THIS DAY. To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. J LYONS and CO. will sell by s auction, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke street, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, ] Previous to the sale of cutlery, stationery, No 4 handsome mahogany sofas, in hair seating 12 dining-room chairs, to match 8 Superior mahogany loo tables mahogany four post and Arabian bedsteads feather be 18 and matter ORCS And A variety of useful furnishing efforts. Terms Cash No Reserve 3432 THIS DAY. T LYONS and CO. will sell by d auction, at their New Commercial Sales Room, 1 course street, on Friday, 2nd Inst, at twelve o'clock: prompt, A variety of miscellaneous goods, comprising Coats and trousers Shawls and Handkerchiefs Parasols Method Cutlery, percussion caps And other directs No Reserve. SS Terms Cash. MONDAY, 5th OCTOBER. Pawnbroker's Unredeemed Pledges. J LYONS and CO. have received in st. notions to soil without reserve, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke- street, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock prompt, An extensive assortment of unredeemed pledges, colouring to Mr. Joseph Croft, pawnbroker, Nos. 21 and 28 Little Bourke-street west, comprising Gold and silver watches of every description Diamond rings, brooches, and pins Colonial gold rings Jewellery in every variety Saxon horn, by Distln Cornopean, by Pask Musical and surveyors' Instruments Guns and pistols Ladies' and gentlemen's wearing apparel And a great variety of miscellaneous property. Terms Cash. No Reserve. 3252 soap 20 oct £23 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Oilmen's Stores, Groceries, age. At Richmond CRITCHLEY and BANKS have received Instructions from Mr Touhc, Church street, Richmond, next door to the Post Office, to sell by auction, on Tuesday, 9th Inst., at twelve o'clock, Tho whole of the stock of the establishment, consisting of Groceries, pickles Oilmen's Stores, perfumery A lot of jewellery A quantity of household furniture And, All the shop fixtures 20 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Valuable Freehold Property. At Collingwood CRITCHLEY and BANKS have received Instructions from Mr. Waters, Smith street, Collingwood, to sell by auction, on the premises, on Wednesday, 7th inst, at two o'clock, That valuable property now in his occupation, having a frontage of 60 foot to Smith-street by 131 foot to Mason-street, with a good right-of-way Together with the butcher a Shop in front in which. 11 o proprietor is doing a first-rate business, and the Premises are handsomely fitted up for a very respectable trade. There is a good four-roomed house in the rear of Mr shop ; yard, stable, and slaughter-house, replete with every convenience either for butcher's establishment, or, with alterations, for any other business. There is no more desirable situation in Collingwood The land is admirably situated for a private resi- dence ; or, If subdivided, would make several handsome dwellings, being situated near Victoria-parade, and commanding an extensive landscape view of. 1 "natural. scenery. just Mild to win of the proprietor disposing of theft eligible property is that he is about to return is Inf laid. a 