Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. a On Account of Whom it May Concern. ' _ Ex Charles Croaker. FRASER and COHEN will sell by, JL auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 9th Inst a >t eleven o'clock, N D in diamond, ~a 1 case looking-glasses " ""* ' More or Less Damaged by Sea Water. ' ' Also, 2 cases chimney glasses 2 do iron bedsteads. 7 _ _TormB-Cash._3483 THIS DAY. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 0 caroteels currants, now fruit 9 hhds bacon 40 boxes Steele's Liverpool soap 60 cases champagne. Terms at Sale. 3188 THIS DAY. American Clocks. Do Chairs. Lobsters. _ Hollowware. "FRASER and COHEN are instructed nL to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, 13th inst., at eleven o'clock, : M under M", 0 coses Doric eight-day time-pieces 1 do do three day round do 30 do ano and eight day clocks 7 do pig arm high chairs, 20 dozen C do 18-inch cane stools, 20 do 12 do cane chairs, 20 do 12 do 1-lb. lobsters. I Also, I 10 hhds. hollowware, comprising a Tinned saucepans and covers a Oval pots tinned tea-kettles. Terms at Salo. 8308 THIS DAY. Dog-Carts Spring-Carts. Carriage Lamps, FRASER and COHEN will sell by J. auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday), Grinstead eleven o'clock, 1 dog-cart, lamps, be, complete 1 Newport Pagnel cattle 2 spring-carts 1 pair. carriage lamps, various. Terms at Sale 3157 THIS DAY On Account or Whom It May Concern. More or Less Damaged!. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, 9th Inst, at eleven o'clock, On Account of Whom It May Concern, More or Less Damaged, 14 boxes Halo's Belmont candles 1 bate of three-bushel hemp sacks. t Terms-Cash. " 8508 THIS DAY. Phaeton. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday), 6th inst, at eleven o'clock, 1 phaeton. Terms at Sale. 3603 THIS DAY; Garden Seeds. "FRASER and COHEN will sell by JL auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 6th inst, at eleven o'clock, 8 hhds. garden seeds. Terms-Cash. 3600 THIS DAY. 160 Cases American Chairs. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, 6th inst, at eleven o'clock, 100 cases assorted American chairs. Terms at She. 3600 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. First-Class City Property. E) Order of the Trustees in the Estate of Mr. Frederick: Cooper. Bourke-street. William street. Flinders-street. Prahran. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the trustees in the estate of Mr. Frederick Cooper to sell by auction, in a few days s, due notice of which will begin on, _ The following valuable first-class city property Two three-story houses and ground in Bourke street One house, do do Cooper's bonded stores, William street Fourth shire of water works in h Finders street Cottage and ground in Argyle street, Prahran, be disposed off the following lots, viz - Note. All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, situated in the city of Melbourne, and being part of allotment No. 10 of section No. 9 or the said city, commencing at the northwest corner or angle of the said allotment, and running easterly thirty right foot eight inches, and bounded on or towards the north by Bourke-street, then running southerly in a line at right angles to the last line one hundred and twenty foot, and bounded on or towards the east by- other part of the said allotment No. 10, Iron running westerly in a line at right angles to the last Uno nineteen foot four inches end bounded on or to awards the south by a road or way of fourteen feet side, then running further Bouthcrl) inn line at right angles to the lost Uno fourteen feet, and bounded on or towards the east by the terminus of the said road or way of fourteen feet wide, their again running easterly in store at right angles to the last litre thirty v eight feet eight inches, and bounded on ortowanW the north by the said road or way of fourteen feet side, then running southerly in a line at right angles to the last last line sixty-five feet six inches, and bounded on or towards the east by a road or way of sixteen feet wide; then running westerly in a Uno at light angles to the lost Uno fifty- eight feet, and bounded of towards the south by another road or way of fourteen feet wide, and other part of the said allotment No. 10 and thou running northerly one hundred and ninety-nine foot six inches, in a line at right angles to the lost Una home to the commencing point, and bounded on or towards the west by parted allotment No. 17 of section No. 9 aforesaid. Together with the buildings erected thereon, comprising two first-class three- story brick and stone houses, situate in Bourke-street opposite the Scottish Hotel, and in the occupation of Messrs. Symons an I Co., at £800 per annum. No. 2. All that piece or parcel of Land, situate, lying a 11 being in the city of Melbourne, parish of Melbourne, county of Bourke, and colony of Victoria, being part of allotment 10 of section No. 9, commencing at a point on the northern boundary line of the said allotment, thirty-eight feet eight inches cast of the north-western angle thereof, bearing from said commencing point in a line further easterly nineteen feet four inches, and bounded on or towards the north by Bourke-street, thence In a line at right angles to the lost line bearing southerly one hundred and twenty feet, and bounded on or towards the east by a road or ?nnysixteon feet wide, thence in a line at right angles to the last line bearing westerly nineteen feet four inches, and bounded on or towards the south by a road or way fourteen feet wide, ironed in a line at right-angles to the last line bearing northerly one hundred and twenty foot home to the point of commencement, and bounded on or towards the west by other part of the said allotment ; together with the premises erected thereon, and in the occupation of Mr. TH'Mastors at 380, per annum. This property joins Ki>. 1. No. 3. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the City of Melbourne, parish of North Melbourne, County of Bourke, and Colony of Victoria, being part of allotment number nine of section number thirty-one of the said City, commencing at the south-east corner or angle of the said allotment, bounded on the east by William-street, in a line bearing north twenty-six feet, in the north by other part of the said allotment in a line at right angles with the last line bearing west one hundred feet, on the west by a road or way twelve feet wide in a line at right angles with the lastimo, bearing south twenty-six foot, and on the south by part of allotment number eight in a line at rL'hc angles with the last line bearing east one hundred foot Ironic to the commencing point. Together with all Uro buildings erected thereon, comprising all those first- class stores known as Cooper 'i Bonded Warehouse. . No. 4. All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, situated in the county of Bourke and parish of Prahran, near Melbourne, being part of Allotment G of pc ration No. 09, commencing at a point in the southern boundary line of the said Allotment 14, 836 feet east from the south-west corner angle of said Allotment O, bounded on the south by part of Allotment D, in a line bearing east 60 feet, on the east by other part of said Allotment O, conveyed to one Maurice Atkin Harte, is a line at right angles with the last line, bearing north 200 foot on the north by a, road or way 46 foot wide, called Argyle-street (twenty-five feet whereof is reserved out of said Allot- ment C and 20 feet out of Allotment B) in a line at right angles with the last line, bearing west 00 foot, and on the west by other part of said Allotment O, conveyed to ono-Wood, In a line at right angles with the last line bearing south 20 feet, home to the coin a racing point aforesaid. Together with all the buildings erected thereon, comprising a galvanised corrugated iron cottage. No. 6. All that the full and equal one fourth part or share of and in all that piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the City of Melbourne, for the colony of Victoria, being part of allotment No. 1, in block No. 6, bounded on the south, coast, being at the south-west corner or angle of the said allotment by FUnd on ttreotj-bolng a line bearing east sixty six feet, on the west by other portion of the said allotment, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing north sixty feet on the north by other portion of the said allotment, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing westBlxty-slxfeot;and on the west by Elizabeth street, being a line at right-angles to the last line,, bearing the sixty feet to the üirrimc-clng, point ; TI d of and in all buildings, steam-engine, tonks, pipe, plant, and machinery erected and put upon the said piece or parcel of land or some part thereof. These premises are hold for the residue of a total of 14 years to be contended from the 8th July, 1849. Terms and further particulars on application to llefBrB. FRASER and COHEN, auctioneers. 13209 THIS DAY. For the Benefit of All Concerned. Sold by Order of the Underwriters. TTT M. TENNENT and CO. are in TV . structed by the Underwriters to Bellbyaue lion, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th October, at twelve o'clock, The Schooner ROSEBUD, t As she now lies stranded, near Mount Eliza, in the Port Phillip Bay, together with all the tackle, gear, Ac. now on board. I Further particulars) can be learnt on RppUcaHcja Mr Co auctioneers. .... Terms Cash. 3811 rates by Army is, THIS DAY. Mauritius Sugar. WM. TENNENT and CO., will sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street on Tuesday, (4th inst., at twelve o'olock, 4 tons Mauritius counter sugars -?. Terms at Sale. ' 8402- THIS DAY. Sugar. R Salt. W M. TENNENT and CO. will T' sell by auction, at the rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 40 bags No. 1 Cossipore sugar, 1 cwt. each 88 do coarse salt 11 do fine do. All Slightly Damaged. Terms Cash. 3486 THIS DAY. Surplus Stores. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on. Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 8 casks prime mess beef 2 do pork 8 do biscuits 0 bags do 1 cask four. Terms Cash. 3480 THIS DAY. Chinese Work-boxes. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell e by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, Olli Inst.. at twelve o'olock, 1 case Chinese work-boxes, Terms at Sale. 480 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. T M. TENNENT and CO. will sell i « by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst., at twelve o'clock, 50 casks oatmeal > 00 do split peas 20 do pearl barley , 19 barrels prime mess pork 20 casks hams Terms at Sale. 1462 THIS DAY. Superior Dog-Carts Newport Pagnel Carts. To Sporting Gentlemen, Coach Builders, Dealers, and 2 Others. W M. TENNENT and & CO. have re received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst., at twelve o'clock, a very superior dog-carts 2 Newport Pagnel Carts, With patent springs, Collins's patent axles, lomriB, lee. Now Landing. Terms at Sale. 402 THIS DAY. , Handsome Open Carriage. W M. TENNENT and CO. will TI a sell by public auction, at their rooms, Col I King-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, A handsome open carriage nearly new. 351 THIS DAY. Sugar. Raisins. Bacon. _ Saltpetre, So. W M. TENNENT and CO. will T A e sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins- street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst., at twelve o'olock, 72 bags No. 2 Bally sugar 50 do Siam do CO boxes muscatel raisins i 12 barrels refined saltpetre 6 cases patent oatmeal, in 1-lb. packets 8 bales Kent hops 200 lbs. preserved BOttpB, mock turtle, Mulligan- tawny, &c.; 5 chests hyson tea 2 casks currants 1 cask brandy bitters. Terms at Sale. 8511 Ulm WEDNESDAY, 14th OCTOBER. To Parties In Quest of Sites for Villa Residences at St Kilda. Allotments of Nearly One Acre Each, at the Junction of Chapel-street and Inkermann-road. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions from the owners to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, 14th inst., at twelve o'clock, Allotments of land, situate in one of the best localities at St. Kilda, being in the immediate vicinity of the residences of Sir George Stephen, H. Jennings, Esq., F. Bunney, Esq., and other influential gentlemen, The lots comprise Two allotments fronting Chapel street, each having a frontage of about 150 foot by a depth of 300 foot (nearly an acre) and one of those is the corner lot to Inkermann-road. Four allotments, adjoining the above, each with a frontage of 105 feet to Inkermann-road, by a depth of. 336 feet. These lots are a little short of an acre. Two allotments, having each frontages of 66 feet to Inkermann-road, by a depth of 154 feet. Twenty-four allotments having each a frontage to Pakington-street of 60 feet by a depth of 164 foot. The auctioneers invite the attention of all desirous of obtaining good allotments to this bona-fide sale of first-class sites at St. Kilda. This part will soon become the centre of St. Kilda, and the best situations are being rapidly taken up, and built upon. Intending purchasers are invited to inspect the lands prior to the pale. Lithographic plans can be obtained Mr. WOODWARD, surveyor, 7 Collins-street west; or at the rooms of Bro Auctioneers. Trams Liberal, Title Good._3511 THURSDAY, 8th OCTOBER. Cedar Boards. The Entire Cargo of the Golden Spring. To Timber Dealers, Contractors, Builders, Cabinet- makers, and Others. W M. TENNENT and CO. are The instructed by the Importers to sell by auction, at the Australian Wharf, on Thursday, 8th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, 10,029 feet 8-inch cedar boards 10,600 do 3 "do do do 27,000 do 1 do do do 2000 do do do do 3 15,000 do 14 do do do 12,000 tin 2 do do do 900 do 4 do do do. Ex Golden Spring. Terms at Sale. 3427 POSTPONED UNTIL MONDAY, 12th OCTOBER To Parties Furnishing and Others. Sale of Household Furniture, at St Kilda, the Property of the late F. Hayley, Esq. By Order of the Administrator. WM. TENNENT and CO. have re received instructions to sell by auction, at the residence of the late Frederick Hayley, Esq" on the Esplanade, St. Kilda, on Monday, 12th inst., at eleven o'clock, The Whole of the Superior Household Furniture and effects, consisting of dining-table Dining-room Chairs Couches Drawing-room suite Bedsteads and mattresses Washstands and furniture Towel horses Chests drawers dressing-tables Chairs, dining, drawing, and bedroom Plated ware and crockery kitchen utensils Carpets Fenders and fire-irons Drawing-room and chimney ornaments paintings and engravings And A very superior rosewood pianoforte, six and three-quarter octaves Also, A superior Albert car Grey horse, Doctor's very valuable and quiet family horse in saddle and harness Gig harness Cart and cart harness stable furniture, And numerous other articles which cannot be particularised in this advertisement. Note-The sale to commence at eleven o'clock, and the horse, cart, harness, &c;, will be sold at one o'clock. Catalogues can be obtained at the rooms of the auctioneers two days prior to the pale and the furnl nature will be on view on Wednesday and on the day of sale. Terms Cash. 3427 THIS DAY. Notice of Solo of all that Valuable Property, the Blenheim Park Estate, St. Kilda, Corner of La aclava, Chapel, and Nightingale Government Streets, and Fronting Two Government Reservoir. 178 Allotments. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, on the ground, on Tuesday, 6th October, at half-past twelve o'clock, The above magnificent estate, the most valuable un- told large portion of land in the municipality of St. Kilda. This splendid property has been subdivided into 178 allotments, with frontages to the following streets : 27 allotments, each 80 feet by 1101 to Balaclava (Government) Street, 66 feet wide, and a right of-way. i 12 allotments fronting Chapel (Govenment) street, 66 foot, and the Government Reserve, and a right-of way. \- 20 allotments fronting Nightingale (Government) street, 60 feet wide a Government Reserve, and rights of-way. 54 allotments fronting Marlborough-street, 40 feet wide, and a right-of-way. 64 allotments fronting Rosamond-street, 40 feet I wide, and a right-of way. The Auctioneers deem it unnecessary to expatiate upon the value of the above- described property', as it must be patent to every one that a more valuable and choice spot could not be selected. The plans of the property can be obtained from the ' Auctioneers. The title is one remove from the Crown. I Terms Liberal at Sale. ) A tent will be erected, and a champagne luncheon Will be provided on the ground, at twelve o'clock. 132 out 0 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Deal ora, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 7th hut at twelve o'clock, 40 cases half-pint salad oil 800 do pint do 80 do Sardines, half-time HE do do quarter do 10 bales ginger-beer cork ' <°*°*°W- TcnnsatSalc. 3107 Sales by Auction. WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER, To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Dealers, and Others. Extensive Sale of Wines, Spirits, and Groceries. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by \- O auction, at the Commercial Sales Room an V Wednesday, 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, 1,000 cases Burnett's old tom , 600 do-Booth's old tom 500 do Pigeon's do do 25;- . \- 600 do claret 600 boxes candles 50 cases bacon ' 600 firkins butter 500 cases bottled beer, various 100 do champagne and moselle 100 qr-casks superior old port I * 20 pipes dodo t 60 qr.-casks sherry 800 hhds. Burton Co 20 do W. I. rum 30 do old tom 100 cases geneva, anchor brand. i Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. 3445 I \- WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. To Bakers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. 28 Tons Adelaide Flour, guaranteed. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, 28 tons Adelaide flour, guaranteed parcel. Terms at Sale. 8407 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER, To Grocers, Stationers, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by O auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, 10 bales cardboard 40 do brown paper. In Lots to Suit Purchasers. forms at Sale. 8497 TUESDAY, 13th OCTOBER. Important Sale of Valuable Suburban Land known as Murphy',) Paddock, situate on the Road to Toorak. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions to sell by puhlleauctlon, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Tuesday, 18th inst., at twelve o'clock, The following choice allotments of land, viz.- i Lots 3 and 0, ! Each having a frontage to the Gardiner's Creek-road of 40 feet 6 inches, by a depth of 160 feet. Lot 2 Is a valuable corner lot. Lots 10,11,12,13, Each having a frontage of 40 foot 6 inches to the Gardiner's Creek-road by depth of ISOfoct. Lot No. 10 Is a corner lot. Lot 16. A very valuable corner allotment, having a frontage of 40 foot 6 inches to the Gardiner's Creek road, by a depth of 150 foot along a road 62 foot 8 inches wide, leading to the river Yarra Yarra. Lots 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, and 91. Each having a frontage of 50 foot to a rood 62 feet 8 inches wide, loading into the Gardiner's Creek-road, by a depth of 139 foot 6 inches. Lots 108,101', 110, 111, 112,113, and 114, Each having a frontage of 60 foot to a road 62 foot 8 inches wide, leading to the Gardiner's Creek-road and the Yarra Yarra, by a depth of 189 feet 6 inches. Lots 94 and 95, 117,118. Each having a frontage of 60 feet to a road 62 feet 8 inches wide, leading into the Gardiner's Creek-road, by a depth of 139 feet 6 Inches. Those are four of the finest allotments in the whole paddock, being situated on the brow of the hill. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. The auctioneers wish to call the particular attention of persons seeking for a plot of ground out of the dust of Melbourne to inspect the above choice allotments previous to the day of sale and convince them selves the fact that it is about the best spot out of Melbourne for the erection of villas, being within a short distance of the city, and having a good macadamised road the whole way, and surrounded by some of the most respectable and influential members of the community. For particulars of title apply Thos. Miller, Esq., solicitor, Swanston- Btrcet._3418 THIS DAY. Swaine, Boord, and Co.'s Old Tom. Brandy. EvnnB's Old Tom. Byass's Ale and Porter. BIGWOOD, SYDES and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, ' 20 hhds. brandy 20 do Evans's old tom 20 do and quarters Swain's do 300 casks Byass's ale and porter. Terms Liberal. 286 THIS DAY. Sperm Candles. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, 600 boxes No. 1 Price's sperm candles. Guaranteed Sound. Terms at Sale. 287 THIS DAY. " To Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. Limerick Oats. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will! sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, £ on Tuesday, 6th west., at eleven o'clock, 1,000 Backs Irish oats. Terms Liberal. 285 THIS DAY. Adelaide Flour. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, 120 sacks prime Adelaide flour, Terms Cash. 290 ~ ' THIS DAY! BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street on Tuesday, 6th Inst., at eleven o'clock, 08 firkins Cork butter. No Roserve. 21 THIS DAY; To Corn Factors and Liver Stable Keepers. Calcutta Oats. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 10th Inst., at eleven o'clock, 1,000 bushel Calcutta oats. Terms at Sale. 280 AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. STUBBS and SON beg to inform their friends and the public, that they have RETIRED from the BUSINESS hitherto carried on by them in Queen-street as Auctioneers and Commission Agents, In FAVOR of Messrs. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO and have much pleasure in recommending their successors to the distinguished notice of the mercantile community of Melbourne and the Australian colonies, and respectfully solicit for them a continuance of that confidence and support which have been so freely extended to themselves during the last twenty years. With reference to the above notice, ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. beg to announce that they have succeeded to the business lately carried on by Messrs. Stubbs and Son, as Auctioneers and Commission Agents, and most respectfully solicit a share of that patronage so long enjoyed by thclrpiodecossors. Alexander Young and Co. beg to assure their friends and the public that any business intrusted to them 'EMU receive such prompt attention and despatch as, they trust, will secure a continuance of their confidence and support Queen-street, Melbourne, iBt October, 1857. 3491 THIS DAY. Important Sale of First-class Brandy and Wines. To Wine Merchants, notolkeoporB, Innkeepers Dealers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by pub' Ho auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 01 li inst., at eleven o'clock precisely, j The undermentioned consignment of superior wines and spirits, viz. : Lot 1-1 certificate hhd. brandy, 6 packages, Martell's brandy Do 2-1 do do do, do do Do 3-1 do do do, do do Do 4-1 do do do, do do Do 54 do do do, do do Do 0-1 do do do, do do Wines, In pipes and quarters, viz., Do 7-1 pipe superior port, Cosons's treble diamond Do 8-1 do do do, do do do Do 0-1 do do do, do do do Doll do do do, do do do Dolls' do do do, do do do Quarter-casks, Do 12-1 to 6 quarter-casks superior port, Do 13-1 to 6 do do do, do does So 14 1 to 5 do do do, do do, [ "" """vermin Do 16-1 to 5 do do do, do do, f 23 Packages Dolan to 8 do do do, do do, J Do 17-1 to 5 quarter-casks superior port, ? Ilo 18-1 to 5 do do do, do do, ) ' Do 19-1 to 5 do do do, do do, >. i packages Do 20-2 do do do, do do, ) Terms liberal, viz. Under 60!., cash: above that sum 26 per cent. cash deposit, and the residue at three months, without interest. Extract of advices received by the last mail respect- ing the vine disease :- I "We continue to receive very distressing reports from Portugal and Spain, the vine disease during the rest month having made foaiTul progress, and, as a natural consequence, wines have advanced 20 per cent." s 3518 THIS DAY. Dates. ALEXANDER YOUNG and, CO. (Successors to Stubbs and Son will solitary pub The auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, a 10 bales dates. Terms-Cash; 3518 THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Dealers, and Others. Clearing Out Sale of Ironmongery, Brooms, ShovolsJ &o.; A YOUNG and CO. (successors to L Stubbs and Son will sell by public auction] at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, 6th instant at eleven o'clock, 1 2 tons hoop iron 38 cases Iron locks 18 cwt. white lead 2 cases pick handles 2 do American brooms 84 dozen D -handled shovels 2 casks mouldings 2 cases garden chairs 2 do buckets .- And I Miscellaneous goods, Without Reserve. 8618 J Soles by AuoUa MONDAY, 12th OCTOBER Postponement of Crockery Sale until Monday, the 12th instant. Ex "Beatrice" A YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by public auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 12th inst, at eleven o'clock, Co over D P. P. and Co. 40 crates and casks Earthenware, China, c Further Particulars in Future Advertisement 3518 THIS DAY. Clearing Out Sale or Prov Isions, Figp, Hams, Coffee, Arrowroot, c A YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by public auction, at their rooms. Queen street, on Tuesday, 6th inst, at eleven o'clock, 82 bags Mocha coffee 17 do Plantation do 100 boxes figs 40 loose Cumberland hams 87 do do 2 cases ground ginger 8 do arrowroot 20 firkins D R Cork butter 80 boxes chamber lights, Without Reserve 3518 TO BUILDERS, CAPITALISTS, SPECULATORS, AND THE PUBLIC GENERALLY Parliamentary Corner. Liberal Credit Half Acre Collins and Spring streets Unquestionably the Most Enviable Silo in the whole City of Melbourne Most excellent, elevated, and desirable Freehold City Building Proper t), at the top of Collins street, admirably adapted for the erection of a new Parliaments Club, and a row of the finest first-class Residences in Melbourne. The situation embraces II the advantages of the country with the convenience of close proximity to the city, an J stands immediately opposite the square reserved for the Houses of Parliament and public officer, towards which the loading Improvements of the city are fast concentrating, aird from which one of the finest landscapes around Melbourne is seen, embracing the Boy, South Yarra, the Government Domain and Gardens, the River Yarra, FitzRoy) square, with the Dandenong Ranges in the background ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. JCX. (suede sons to Stubbs and Son are instructed by the proprietor to submit to public competition, the most valuable freehold property), on the ground, on Wednesday, 21st inst, at twelve o'clock precisely, The whole of that eminent) va more e liner. property above referred to being Allotment No 4 of Section of the city of Melbourne, subdivided for the convenience of purchasers in the folio wing order Lot 1-20 foot to Collins street b) 80 foot in depth 2-0 do do S-20 do do 120 do do 5-10 do do b) 80 feet to Spring street 0-83 do to Spring street by - feet 7-21 do do b) do All the allotments having a right of way to the row of - feet In recommending this unch allod property to the attention of the public, Alexander Young and Co need scarcely point out Uro felicitous advantages attendant upon the purchaser of those eligible allotments, In compares ) superior to any other I r disposal within the limits of our rapidly and wonderfully inn casing city Very lately a corner block in Collins street sold for 10,000 in one lot, and with the facilll less for loco- motion throughout the city afforded now a days, and daily) increasing, and the dispersion of business consequent thereon from the great centre of corn crop, it is difficult to define all) material depreciation in value between a h t immediately) central and are only a few blocks removed, which in many) respects possesses greater advantages Leaving the palpable merits of this most favored locality to speak for thou olai, the auctioneers merely) announce the above s be to the public, and would further simply call attention to the followrrrgver) liberal Terms of silo-20 per cent cash deposit, 20 per cent at six months with discount added and the balance secured upon the property for two SOS from the day of sale, at 8 per cent A correct plan of the property will be ready for the inspection of the | tulle til a few d days 512 TURKEY OPIUM On Account of V horn It May Corron ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO (cures ors to Stubbs and Son will sell by pub- is auction at their rooms, Queen street, on Wednesday, "6th Inst, at eleven o'clock, 1 case Turkey) opium 3518 ~~~ THUSDAY To Perfumers Grocers", and Others W. EASEY and CO will sell by of erecting, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst, at twelve o'clock, 5 trunks ft sorted soap 10 cases A pint same 0 do washing blue 0 do now tiered do No Roser ve 1,10 THIS DAY 21 Cases Sultana Raisins To Grocers, Sto sleepers, and Others TO EASE Y and CO will sell by v i I auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street, on Tuesday 9th Inst, at two of o o clock 24 cases, each a cut, Sultana raisins Guaranteed in Good Condition Terms at Sale 8610 THIS DAY Auctioneer Notice Sugar Sugar To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others W. EASEY and CO beg to call of the attention of Grocers? Store keepers, and Others totholrsjo of Mauritius Sugar, the end, of of the Tour Bal badian, this day, at the civ o o clock Samples now on 'show 3510 THIS DAY Auctioneers Notice. _ nouBehold I venture 6303 TTC EASEY and CO beg to call The the attention of Gentlemen and Families furnishing to their sale of furniture on the premises, No 1 Park Hill terrace, at the back of Vi ellington Romeo, Richmond, this day, at twelve o'clock Without Res rye 3510 ~Tin¥D AY Valuable Household Furniture No 1 Park Hill terrace, at the back of Wellington terrace, Richmond, and near the residence of Vf. Highett, Esq To Private Families, Gentlemen, and Others Desirous of Obtaining Really Good furniture W. EASEY and CO have received a Instructions from the proprietors to sell by auction, at their residence, No 1 Park Hill terrace, Hoddle street east, at the back of Wellington terrace, Richmond, on tuesday), 6th inst, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the valuable household furniture, con- sister g of Drawing room Very of pile carpet and rug Roses wood green and gold damask chairs sofa and couch and arm chairs, on suite Very strong g marble top tables Do card tables Whatnots, &e; Engravings, c Dining room. Black walnut dining table Carpet, r g, fonder, Sie Easy and dining chairs Breakfast and dinner son looks plated forks, spoons, c Choice engravings Brilliant toned 01 octavo piano, in rosewood by the eminent maker'', D Almalno and Co, London Bedrooms Elegant bedsteads Do bureau Washstands, Toilet Services on suite Hair mattresses, blankets, pillows, etc Kitchen Utensils and general appendages of a gentleman's establishment " The auctioneers beg to call the attention of families furnishing to the above sale, the furniture being nearly all now, end of the best quality and description. 3128 ~~~ THIS DAY. 300 Firkins D R Cork Butter To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 9th Inst, at Twelve o o clock, 800 Firkins D R Cork butter No Reserve Terms at 'Sale 3485 THIS DAY 1 Bale Grey Sheetings Tor Account of All Concerned. To Drapers, Dealers, and Others W. EASEY and (30 will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms 83 Collins street west, opposite their old mart, on Tuesday, 6th Inst, at twelve o'clock, ' Ex Wizard Klug, It also 8 4 grey shootings, more or less damaged, To be Sold for the Benefit of Whom it may Concern Terms Cash No 1 reserve. 3485 THIS DAY 250 Cases stout, Dunphy's, &c;, Tor Account of All Concerned To Hotelkeepers, Union and Spirit Merchants, and 3 Others W EASEY and CO. will sell by Tv auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins Street, on Tuesday, 6th inst, at eleven o'clock, Ex White Star, 150 cases Dunphy's Dublin stout 100 do Guinness s, bottled by Burke, More or less damaged by sea water and to be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern No Reserve. Terms-Cash. 846 THIS DAY 1,000 Boxes Belmont Candles. 10 Torrs London Soap 4P To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others W. EASEY and CO will sell by auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 9th Inst, at twelve o'clock, t 1,000 boxes Belmont candles 10 tons London soap. 1 Terms Liberal No Reserve. 848 THIS DAY. 100 Bags Damaged Maize, For the Benefit of All Concerned. 1 To Contractors and Others. fir EASEY and CO. will sell by TY auction, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street tia Siesta, Oth inst., at eleven o'clock, 100 bags whole maize, more or less damaged, and to be sold For Account of All Concerned / No Reserve. 84(5 Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Extensive Sale of Damaged Goods. For Account of All Concerned. Sinclair's Hams and Bacon, Candles, Rice, Butter, etc. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY Y and CO. will sell -£7. auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, Ex Cairnsmoor, "4. 45 cases Sinclair's hams and bacon -' I 100 firkins Cork butter 50 cases cheese 20 tons Carolina rice, More or Less Damaged, and to be Sold for the Bene fit of Whom It May Concern. r No Reserve. Terms-Cash. * 8404 THIS DAY. 4 Tons Cumberland Bacon. 8 Do. Do. nama. 2 Do. Prime Cheese. 150 Cases Oilmen's Stores W EASEY and CO. will sell by Tis auction, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, Ex Cairnsmore, tons Cumberland bacon 2 do do hams 2 do cheese 180 cases pint pickles. The auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of the trade to the above sale. The goods are only ent landed, and guaranteed in fine order. Terms Liberal. 848 THIS DAY. 200 Cases Bottled Ale. To Hotel Keepers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 83 Collins, street west, on Tuesday, 6th Inst, at twelve o'clock, Ex Cairnsmore, 200 cases bottled ale. All in Good Order and Condition. Terms at Bale 3485 THIS DAY. in Livery Stable Keepers, Corn Factors, Dealers, and 1 " Others. WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock Ex Monarch, 2,000 bushels Danish oats. The above hats are guaranteed in good order and condition, and will be sold Without Reserve. For Account of Whom It May Concern. Terms at Sale. 3485 THIS DAY. The Cargo of Mauritius Sugars, ex Fair Barbadian. To Merchants, Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, The cargo of the Fair Barbadian, consisting of 795 bags Mauritius sugars, comprising crystal, first and second counters, &c.; The auctioneers would beg to call the attention of the land in this sale, The sugars are of a first-class quality, and of the new crop, and well suited for the present requirement of the market. The auctioneers would further state that great difficulty was experienced in obtaining this portion of a cargo incon- sequence of the great number of vessels loading for England, and a further rise in sugar was certain to occur. Terms at Sale. Samples from bulk will be at the mart on Monday, iv hen parties are solicited to inspect the same. 3484 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary mains, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, Otu is , -i arrive o'clock, 60 cases thumb blue 17 do starch 2 do cheese 4 do biscuits 100 do mustard 2 do confectionary 11 do bacon 9 hams. Terms at Sale 3485 THIS DAY. To Ironmongers and Others. 80 Dozen Superior English Spades, Long Staffs 10 Do Shovels. WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 80 dozen superior English Bpadcs, long staffs 10 do do moves. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 3485 THIS DAY. 74 Bags Oats, Damaged. To Corn Factors, Dealers, and Others. ' Wf EASEY and CO. will sell by I a e auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, 74 bags Scotch oats. More or less damaged. To be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No Reserve. 3485 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. On the Wharf, near the Falls. 26,000 Foot Kaurie Beans and Spars. To Timber Merchants, Ship Builders, Contractors, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by a auction, on the Wharf, near the Falls, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, 25,000 fool Kaurie boamB and spurs. Terms at Sale. No Reserve 8464 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Valuable Farm at East Brighton, (near the Orange, East Brighton and Little Brighton Hotel,) contain in Acres of Land, 80 Acres of which are cleared, and 20 Acres under cultivation the whole substantially fenced in. To Newly-arrived Immigrants, Farmers, Small Cap! collate, and Others Booking an Advantageous Investment a Comfortable and Certain Independence. W. EASEY and CO. have received instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their mart, 32 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, 7th October, at twelve o'clock. All that capital farm containing 44 acres of land, 30 acres of which are cleared, and 20 acres under cultivation. Upon this land is erected a four- roomed dwelling-house kitchen outside, four-stall stable, hay loft, and two rooms, large barn 62 x 22, stock and stock yards, piggeries, &c.; There is a capital garden of about one acre of ground (closed fences) attached to the house, most part of which is trenched and stocked with fine vines and fruit trees. The farm is substantially enclosed by a post-and-rail fence, and subdivided into five paddocks (including house and garden), say four cultivation paddocks and one grazing paddock. The Farm is well drained and has been highly cult! vated, and a source of great profit to the present owner, who is only leaving on account of being obliged to reside in the bush. The site of this farm is admirably situated, home at the corner of two Government roads, one of which is two chains wide, and must become one of the first roads in this part of the country. Diitnncs from Melbourne about eight miles?, and the farm is close to the Grange and near the East Brighton and Little Brighton H otóla. Upwards of £1,000 has been expended on improvements by the present owner, 'The land is remarkably good. To newly-arrived immigrants and small capitalists, the auctioneers would direct thoirattontion to the sale of this farm, as to any hard-working industrious man a certain independence would be realised in a few years. The owner being obliged to leave, the farm will be positively sold. ., ,!. The crops can be taken at a valuation, or sold with the land and if preferred, the farm will be subdivided into 6 or 10 acre lots. "."-.' Terms-Hulf-Cosli ; residue at 30 0, 12, and 13 months, bearing interest at 10 per cent. Purchasers are solicited to go and view the farm, and every information given on application to I'la auctioneers. 3253' WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. St. Kilda. St. Kilda. Vnhmblo Building Sites in Easey's Paddock, on the Bondi. By Order of the Executors. To Parties In Quest of Fine Building Sites in this beautiful and favorite locality, close to the Beach, within a few minutes' walk of the Railway Station. TAA EASEY and CO. are instructed li to sell by auction, at their mart, Collins street, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, Lot No. 1. All that piece of land having a frontage of 40 foot to Victoria-road by a depth of 80 feet. Lot No. 2. All that piece or land adjoining Lot 1, with a like frontage and depth. ...... , ,, , These allotments are situated between Ackland-street and the Beach, and are in the same road, and close to the late residence of his Honor the Chief Justice. They are finely situate, and command an extensive view of the Bay and surrounding country. Full Information given on applicant- n at, the mare. Terms at Sap. 830 > WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER.. To Grocers and Others 100 Cases NYoüiorspoon'a Marmalade. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his rooms, Collins-street, and the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock 100 cases, each 2 dozen, Wotherspoon's 1-lb. mar malady, ; All Just Lauded In Good Condition, > Terms at Sale. 3510 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Prior to the Sale of Musical Instruments. 531 Bags Damaged Scotch Oats. is j; To be Sold for the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, e In his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 7th inst, at eleven o'clock, D, DÄ1 bags Scotch oats. , All More or Less Damaged. To for the Benefit of Whom It May Concern, Without Any Reserve. . 3610 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Musical Boxes. Pianoforte Wire. - AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank Of Australasia, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 splendid musical boxes, with drum and cymbals accompaniment 1 cwt. of Webster's pianoforte wire, No. 14 to No 20 in 601. packages. Terms at sale. 610 Sales by Auction. WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Combs, Co. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction in his rooms, Collins street, next the Boat of Australasia, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o does An invoice of Dressing Combs Bock de- Side do, so. "is:: No Reserve._8510 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Prior to the Solo of Musical Instruments, 000 Bags Irish Oats, Just Landed. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock-, 600 bags Irish oats, just landed, in splendid con- ' dition. The attention of corn dealers is directed to this splendid parcel of oats. Further Particulars and Terms at Sale. 8510 \- WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Prior to the Sale of Musical Instruments, ice. To Bakers and Others. 40 Tons of Adelaide Flour. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, 40 tons of Adelaide first flour, of the following brands viz., City Mills Reynolds Stevens and Coke, &c.; The attention of bakers, It, is particularly directed to this parcel of fine flour. Terms at Salo._8510 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER, To Musicians, Musical Instrument Dealers, and Others. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his rooms, Collins-street. next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven. o'clock, Ex Bosphorus, M over N in diamond, An Invoice of military musical instruments, from the celebrated maker, M. J. Nyllassy, Oxford-street west, London, comprising Military Syphon carrots, long bell corners, But vored ; do for pianoforte accompaniment: field bugles ; post, hunting, and small horns ; Kent bugles, slide trombone), 12 eyed ophicleldo ; a powerful bombardment, nuts, fifes, Cremona Violins, Concertinas, n> .! a number of other musical instruments, in its holders, music, day, The whole of which will be sold in lots to suit all classes of purchasers. No Reserve. 8409 > ~" This DAY; A large and important Sale of One Hundred and Six Packages now Goods, just landed from the White Star, and other late arrivals. To be Sold without Reserve, By JAMES WADE, Drapery Auctioneer. Silks and Ribbons. Fancy Dresses and Cashmeres. Ladies' Underclothing. Muslin Goods. Prints, Calicoes, Slops, &c.; To Warehousemen, Drapers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers and Buyers for the Gold-fields. J WADE, of "Wade and Gowan, has been favored with instructions from the Importers to sell by auction, at- his mart, 80 Collins street cost on Tuesday. 6th inst, commencing at eleven o'clock, The following choice assortment of goods, imported expressly for the wants of the market Black ribbon velvets Colored ingram sky and crisp do. Fancy white and watered lutestring ribbons Mandarin silks Bioh satin roses Moire antique parasols Very rich satIn figured parasols Claremont parasols, Ivory handles Blob poplin dresses Diamond cheek Silk Striped places Flounced silk robes Lace collars and chemisettes Children's fancy alpaca dresses Black satin handkerchiefs Rich white cashmere shawls Fine cambric handkerchiefs Circassian cloths, for mantles Ladies' drab cloth summer mantles Damask Cloths Boxes French flowers and feathers Ladies head dresses, &c.; Oriental ribbon? Black embossed ribbons French kid gloves Printed muslin robes Tarlatans and net Ladies'' white and grey outline rival stays Ladies' French wove do Childrens white corded bonds Children's white and drab hats, trimmed Straw and rice Bonnets Silk and satin bonnets, trimmed Ladies' moire antique mantles Union damasks Bleached union huckaback Bleached linens Victoria worsted covers Drab and colored labor covers Colored Coburgs Blook moreens 7-8 chintz furniture prints White ground modder prints Hoyles' plater Frlrrtcd druggeting Ladies' while cotton hose Children's cotton socks Infants' hoods and cloaks Men's brown cotton half hose Do cotton pants and vests Do lambswool shirts Do white dress shirts Do reg ditto shirts Do superior doe trousers Do black cloth trousers Do shepherds' plaid suits Boys' tweed suits Do and youth's' cord and mole trousers Gent's, fancy doe coats Do silk and cloth vests Do alpaca coats and vests. The attention of country storekeepers is particularly called to this extensive sale. No Reserve. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. 8807 THIS DAY. To the Boot and Shoe Trade J LYONS and CO. will sell by V auction, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst. (immediately following the extensive boot sale), 20 trunks and cases of. very superior women's, children's, and men's boots and shoes, For Cash. N.B. As the whole are positively to be Sold, a deposit will be taken on the fall of the hammer. 3509 THIS DAY. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, and Mining Districts, 270 Trunks Ladies', Gentlemen's, and Children's Boots and Shoes. J LYONS and CO. have been 61 favored with Instructions from the importers to submit to unreserved competition at Uro New Commercial Sales, Room, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock precisely, 276 Trunks first-class seasonable Boots and Shoes, comprising 0 trunks girls- colored morocco ankle strap shoes, 16 to 18 6 do, 6 to 9 5 do, 1 to B 4 do, patent calf do, 4 to 6 6 do, do do, 6 to 0 0 do, do do, 16 to 18 5 do girls' cordovan front lace boots, 4 and 5 6 do do do do do do, 6 to 0 0 do do memel leg patent goloshed boots, top piece heeled, 0 to 9 4 do memel leg Bahnora to 6 6 do do do do, 6 to 6 6 do do do do, 16 to 18 Odo girls' black cloth boots, welts, top'picco,hcolod, ' 4 and 5 do do do do do do do do do, 6 to 9 6 do do do do do do do do do, 16 to 18 4 do girls' drab cloth button boots, pumps 4 to 5 C do colored cashmere button boots, 10s to 16 5 do do do, 6 to 0 4 do do do, 2 to 5 4 do girls' morocco bad morals, 2 to 5 5 do kid leg enamelled goloshed button boots, OtoO 6 do do do, 10 to 13 G do youths' bluchers, sprigged, 3 to 43 G do boys' do, 16 to 18 4 do short wellingtons, 16 to 18 4 do youths' do do, 4 to 46 0 do laceups, steel points, 2 to 5 6 do boys' do do do, 16 to 18 4 do ladles' black cashmere button boots, pumps, patent toe caps 6 do do do, side loco do 6 do ladies colored cashmere boots, side lace 3 do ladies'' white satin boots 3 do do black do 4 do do bronze kid boots 4 do do kid boots 2 do do black satin shoes 3 do do white satin do 6 do do black cashmere Springside boots, military heels 6d Indica' Superior bronze Balmorals, patent eyelets 4 do do morocco do 3 do ladies'' carpet slippers 6 do do seal do 6 do men's kip bluchers G do do calf do 6 do do memel do 6 do military wellingtons 4 do kip do 3 agents' mcmcl half-wollingtons 8 do do calf do 6 do do patent goloshed Bpring-aldoboots, kip tops 0 do cloth spring-tide boots, patent goloshed " 4 do do memel leg do 2 do men's room Albert slippers 4 do do black do 7 do do carpet do 3 do gents' patent wellingtons, morocco logs 8 do do morocco legged balmorals 2 do men's watertight. Terms Under £100, cash ; above that sum, 25 per cent, cash, and the remainder by approved bills at three months, or an allowance for cash. J. L. and Co. feel great pleasure in calling the second- son of the trade to the above goods, which will be found on inspection to be the best selection offered for sale in Melbourne this season. N.B. The whole will be on view at nine o'clock on the morning of the sale. 8463 . ~~ ! FREEHOLD PROPERTY. CRITCHLEY and BANKS have received instructions from Mr. Wm. Mathews to fell by auction, on the ground, Immediately after the sale of Mr. Watorafproperty, Smith-street, Col , wood, . ..,"...». A very nice allotment of LanI CO feet frontage by 60 feet deep. - 28 CB&Ua; by Auction. "on WEDNESDAY; 7th OCTOBER, """"" Very Valuable Freehold Property. CRITCHLEY and BANKS have received instructions from Mr. Wicks to sell by auction, on the premises, Brunswick- street, Collins wood, below the Liverpool Arms, on the Connewarre side, on Wednesday, 7th Inst, at twelve helps prompt, "9. A splendid property of increasing raine, having frontage of 40 foot by a depth of 120 feet, with a corresponding right-of-way, on which is erected a blue, stone building 40 feet by 42, capable of being made into two or more splendid establishments, as the press I went walls were built to bear all improvements with elevation: in the rear is an excellent four-roomed stone cottage, and between the store and cottage a stable and coach-house, which will allow of a subdivision of the property If required 2S ~_" THURSDAY, 8th OCTOBER, " Valuable Freehold Property, Live Stock, and Farming Implements. as CRITCHLEY and BANKS have received Instructions from Mr. Thomas Robin, lento sell by auction, on the ground and premises situate about two miles beyond Smith's, the Malvern Hill Hotel, on the Dandenong-road, and opposite the residence of R. Kent, Esq., on Thursday, 8th last,, at one o'clock, ' A very valuable freehold, comprising seven acres of land, being port of Portion B of Section No. 1 of the month of Boroondara, and forming lot 10 on the plan of subdivision of said portion. The land is fenced, and under a high state of cultivation, at present in green crop. There is a neat four-roomed cottage, stabling, and other outbuildings, with a good garden. After the Above Will be Offered The live stock, consisting of A quantity of milch cows, recently calved A lot of springers Three valuable horses About a dozen pigs ' Ploughs, harrows, and a variety of farm ample, month. Also, A quantity of firewood. 56 " WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. "4 Valuable Freehold Property. At Collingwood. CRITCHLEY and BANKS have received instructions from Mr. Waters, Smith, street, Collingwood, to sell by auction, on the pros wiseR, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at two o'clock, That valuable property now in his occupation, has. inga frontage of 66 foot to Smith-street by 181 foot to Watson-street, with a good right-of-way. together with the butchers shop In front, in which the proprietor is doing a first-rate business, and Hu premises are handsomely fitted up for a very respect, able trade. there is a good four-roomed house in the rear of the shop ; yard, stable, and Slaughter-house, replete with every convenience either for a butcher's establishment, or, with alterations, for any other business. There is no more desirable situation in Collingwood. The land is admirably situated for a private rest, dence : or, if subdivided, would make several hand, some dwellings, being situated near Victoria-parade, and commanding an extensive landscape view of beautiful scenery. The solo reason of the proprietor disposing of this eligible property in that he is about to return to Eng- lend 24 THIS DAY. North Melbourne. Household Furniture. Comprising Dining Room, Drawing Room, Bed Room, Kitchen and Hall Furniture, | Errol-street, North Melbourne. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by auction, at the late residence of Hugh McMeckan, Esq., who has left the colony for Europe, on Tuesday, 6th October, The entire household furniture, consisting of Mahogany, dining, side, and loo tables, chairs and sofas, easy chairs and couches, all of the best English manufacture and newest patterns, Turkey carpets and rugs, drawing-room fair nature of the most elegant and unique style and fashion, handsome and convenient boat room furniture, well assorted, kitchen and culinary utensils. Also, 1 A well-appointed horse and dog-cart. Terms Cash. Without Reserve. Catalogues at the Rooms of the Auctioneers. 3314 THIS DAY. --. Auction Notice The Steamers MARION and ANT. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by auction, at their rooms, SO Col llne-stroetwcst, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, The above Steamers. Terms at Sale 8608 TUESDAY, 18th OCTOBER. North Melbourne. Sale of Two Brick Verandah Cottages in Arden-street. To Small Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. ALFRED BLISS and CO. have received instructions from Mr. Cardwell to sell by public auction, on the premises situate in Arden-street, near the Edinburgh Castle, on Tuesday, 13th inst., at one o'clock, of that piece or parcel of land having a frontage of 26 feet 6 inches to Arden-street, by a depth of 60 feet to a road 15 feet wide, with a right-of- way 10 feet wide in the rear, on which are erected Two Brick Cottages, each containing sitting-room, bed-room, and ki chen. These cottages are most substantially built of brick, quite new, thoroughly finished inside and outside, with slate roof, verandah and green palings in front, and are not at the low rental of £2 2s. per week. The auctioneers confidently recommend them to a, trust capitalist as a good permanent Investit, ont. Title One remove from the Crown. Terms-Half COBII ; Balance at Three Months. 1864 SATURDAY, 10th OCTOBER. 9 Melton, On the Ballaarat-road. Sale of the Household Furniture and Effects at the Morton Hotel. By Order of H. S. Shaw, Esq., Official Assignee in the Estate of J. P. Lane. Without Reserve. ALFRED BLISS and CO. have received Instructions from H. S. Shaw, Esq., Of l.eiolAssignee, to sell by public auction, without a carve, on the premises known as the Melton Hotel, J! ck on, on Saturday, 10th inst., at twelve o'clock, All the household furniture and effects now in and upon the above hotel. Together with A very useful horse Dray and harness Fowls 3 pigs. Terms Cash. 305 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. ' Lonsdale-street west. To Brokers, Furniture Dealers, and Others. ALFRED BLISS and CO. have received instructions from Mr. Reynolds to sell by public auction, on the premises, situate at 103 Lons dale-street west, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, Colonial Sofas, Chests of drawers, cocoanut mattresses, flock do., feather heel, swing glasses, dining and kitchen tables, marble- topped work-table, turning lathe, work benches, grindstones, and a quantity of sundries. No Reserve. Terms-Cash. 308 THURSDAY, 8th OCTOBER. First-rate Opportunity. To New Arrivals, Working Man, and the Public Generally. 200 Valuable Allotments In the Best Portion of Footscray, on the Geelong-road, opposite the Rising Sun Inn, and near the Central Railway Station, being Port of Portion 8 of Section 15. By Order or the OfflclorAssignoo, A. Laing, Esq. J LONG has received peremptory in a structions to sell by public auction, at his room?, 94 Ellzabeth-street, next the Colonial Bank, on Thursday, 8th inst., at twelve o'clock prompt, The above very valuable building allotments, in lots to suit all purchasers, situate on the Geelong-road, two and three-quarter miles from Melbourne, in the hearing township already well built upon, amongst which are stores, inns, and public buildings, BO curing to the residents every requisite for domestic or other purposes at rates equally as low as Melbourne, being within aquaitorofiv mile of the railway station, and having in the centre a large reservoir, provided at great expense, and capable of containing 100,000 gallons of pure water, for the benefit or all the purchasers. It is needless for the audience to do more to secure a good attendance and brisk competition than to refer to the locality being portion 8 of section 15, and all' nounce day of sale Thursday, 8th Inst., at twelve o'clock Tltle Guaranteed. Terms at sale. Plan on view, and all particulars obtained, at the rooms, 94 Ellzabeth-street. 101 < TniS"í)AY¡ St, Kilda, Octavia-street. Solo of Valuable Freehold Dwelling-House, Elegant Furniture, Books, Oil Paintings offer Rembrandt, Articles da Vertu, Piano by Broadwood, &c.; T H. NELSON, of Nelson and Mr Hardwick, is favored with instructions to sell by auction, on Tuesday, 6th inst., at one o'clock prompt, The substantial stone house and promises now. occupied by Mr. Chuck, situated In Octavia-street, St. wide, between the residences of G. Nicholson, Esq., and the Hon. M. Harvey, Esq., M.L O. Also (after the sale of the property), The whole of the valuable and very superior household furniture, comprising blackwood chairs, in velvet, easy chairs, occasional dining and bedroom chairs, oblong, loo, and Sutherland tables, blackwood card tables, splendid walnut inlaid bookcase and side board, very valuable oil-paintings, chimney glasson, rosewood pianoforte by Broadwood, splendid stool and ormolu fender and irons, tapestry carpets, rich damask curtains, Chinese work-table, ivory fittings, papier mache tables, and" vases, wax flowers, &c.;, tubular bedstead and bedding, Huon pine bedroom suite, bath, intent water-closet, blot, secretaire, chest of drawers, together with a variety of articles too numerous particularise. The house is one of those very comfortable and sun central dwellings so seldom to be met with in this country. It was built by the vendor for his own oc- ? duration. The walls are of stone, eighteen inches clearance, lofty ceilings, marble mantelpieces, massive polished cedar fittings, large hall, kitchen with English range, dresser, cupboards, c, coachhouse, stable, and other out-buildings, garden, &c;, and the whole in the most perfect condition. Tcrii'B-One-half coals, and the remainder by bills of three and six months. Title Perfect. On View the Day Prior to the 810. Catalogues of the Auctioneer, St. Kilda, and from Mr, Atchison, 30 Swanston- street, Melbourne. 305 out 0 TÜESDAYT^tiTÖCTOBER. To Dairymen and Others. - BROS and CO. are instructed to sell 'n' auction, at their yards, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, 6th inst, 12 superior milch cows, The greater portion of them have lately calved, the remainder are splinters. No Rci crve 1.469 to oct 8 