Sales by Auction. THURSDAY, 22nd OCTOBER. To Follow the Government Land Sale. Choice Building Allotment in Northcote, within a Short Distance of the PostOffice. -rapM. TENNENT and CO. will "Sell S Y by auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, Sind lost., (Immediately after the Government Land Sale.) ... Allotment 14 of section in the rising township of I Korthcoto, and within an easy distance of town. \-- Terms at Sale.-." No Reserve. 3761 FRIDAY, 23rd OCTOBER. To Merchants, Master Mariners, and to All interested in the Purchase of First class Ship Property, i For Positive Sale, The Splendid Full-Rigged Clipper Ship, , FORMOSA, - A1 at Lloyd's for ten years, 400 tons register, 404 ",' tons builder's measurement, 600 tons burthen, noty five years old only, coppered and copper-fastened. W M. TENNENT and CO. will S T sell by auction, at their rooms. Collins street, on Friday, 23rd inst., at twelve o'clock, The well-known British-built clipper ship, i (FORMOSA, j , AT, 600 tons burthen, coppered and copper-fastened. This well-known and favorite clipper ship is a fast sailer, carries a large cargo, Is most thoroughly and faithfully built In every section, is staunch, tight, and free, and was thoroughly overhauled and now coppered last year.? Her inventory of stores, boats, sails, ground tackle, ; gear, Briars, etc, Is most complete, and she can be sent to sea without any further outlay. She is well known in, and admirably adapted for, the trade to China, Calcutta, or the Mauritius. It is seldom the auctioneers are enabled to offer to) the mclean the public a vessel of this character, and till intending purchasers are solicited to inspect her as she now lies off the Railway Pier at Sandridge. Copies of the Inventory of stores, &c;, can be seen and obtained at the rooms of the auctioneers The terms will be very liberal, viz, one third cash, and the balance by approved bills at three and months, with bank interest added. 8630 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER. To Follow the Government Land Sale. Land at Schnapper Point. To all Parties Desirous of Obtaining Small Allotments in this most important Locality. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received Instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Monday, 10th inst., After the Government Land Sale, The whole of those most desirable sections at Schnapper Point, being Nos. 27 and 28 ; have been subdivided, according to a plan which is to be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers, into convenient allotments, varying in size from 1 rood to about J of an acre, and having frontages to two Government roads. These desirable allotments are situated near the Point, and the spot where the now Jetty is about to be erected, the tenders for which have been already called for. The land is high and overlooks the Port Phillip Bay, and is most admirably adapted for Villa Residences, so much needed by parties desirous to retire awhile from the bustle and turmoil of Melbourne. Schnapper Point will certainly vie with and rival Queenscliffe as favorite watering place, and possesses many advantages over the latter place. The numerous inquiries made for suitable allotments by parties on the spot has induced the proprietor to Gubdivido these two sections to meet those requirements. Title Crown Grant. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 304 '" MONDAY, 19th OCTOBER. " To Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. re Double Rose Cork Butter. Just Landing. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Fri day, 16th inst., at twelve o clock, 350 firkins double rose Cork butter, just landing. Guaranteed Parcel. Terms at Sale. 3780 FRIDAY, 23rd OCTOBER To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Dealers, and Others. Important and Unreserved Sale of Spirits, Wines?, and Beers. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions from the Importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, or Friday, 23rd Inst, at twelve o'clock, The following assortment of spirits, wines, and beers. Spirits TO hhds Martell's brandy) "" TO do Hennessey's do j."" 8,uttrt"itoed ship 2d oUr. Co'sdo j month." TO do old tom < SO quarter-casks do i IO linds geneva -2 i COO cases old tom 300 do geneva 150 half cases do 100 cases whiskey 219 quarter casks brandy. 2 _ Wines. at 2 hhds port wine 4 quarter casks do Shhdsdo 4 butts sherry wines 10 hhds do L 200 cases sherry wine, 2 dozen each ' 100 do port wine, 1 do «. 100 do claret 100 do champagne. Beers. 40 hhds Hoare and Co 's London Stout 60 do Day and Payne's ale 50 do ale. Evans and Co. £50 casks Truman's bottled stout 250 do Evans and Co a do 860 do Barclay's, bottled by Cox 100 do Worthington's ale 100 do Evans and Co 's door She attention of the trade, publicans, and others invited to the sole of the above The goods are all g engine shipments. Tea ma Liberal, at Sale 3787 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER To lewers, Storekeepers, and Others. Kent Hops, American Do. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday 20th inst., at half-past twelve o'clock, (Immediately after the Government Land Sale,) 20 -coolies finn Kent hops 11 The Ameritando Terms at Sale 3787 and? TUESDAY ?0*titOCTOBER | 'Jo Piovislen Meroin ate, Storekeepers, and Others Urublo Blotto Cork Butter. Juut Ltudln? WM. TENNENT and CO. will » fiellbyauct.ou, at Half rooms, on Tuesday, 18th Inst., at half past twelve o'clock, After the Government Land Sale, i 350 firkins double rose Cork butter. Just Landing Guaranteed Parcel ^_____Terms at Sale 378 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. To Provision Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. . V.D L. Flour. I Split Peas Currants, Le WM. TENNENT and CO. are instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at half part twelve o'clock, After the Government Land Sale, l , to tons V.D L. flour I CO barrels split peas 1 24 cases currants ! _ 20 do vinegar £0 do do . 16 boxes blue 1 20 sides Cumberland bacon 18 casks Westphalia hams 7 do York do 6 do beef do. Terms at Bale. £787 TUESDAY 20th OCTOBER. " To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others . Oilmen's Stores. WM TENNENT and CO. have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 20th inst, at half-past twelve o'clock; On the conclusion of the Land Sale. [ SO cases superior mustards I 10 do pint pickles ' "12 do salad oil, Sabliere's, half-pints 1 12 do do do, pints > 21 do sauces, Reading, Harvey, Worcester, and I Universal \- 6 do chutneyS 13 do assorted sauces i 2 do essence anchovies j S do currie powder S do assorted vinegar | 5 do pickles, half pints i I SO casks blacking 40 do soda ash i 100 cases night lights . ' a 40 do arrowroot. ! The attention of the trade is invited, The whole of those Goods are now landed, and a , good condition. 1 loans at sale. 378 WEDNESDAY, 21st OCTOBER To Follow the Government Land Sale. A Property at Emerald Hill. Land at Dandenong. WM. TENNENT, and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday, 21st inst On the conclusion of the Government Land Sale, A parcel of land at Emerald Hill, part of section 32, having a frontage to Napier street of 20 feet by a depth of 86 feet to a right-of-way 12 feet wide, and fronting Park place 80 feet. , Also, All that piece of land, containing 97a. lr. (more i or less), being part of allotment D, section No 2, parish of Dandenong, county of Bourke t This land is of excellent quality, and situate about fifteen miles from Melbourne. The Title is guaranteed, and for further particulars of its application to be made to Messrs Hancock and Buffet, solicitors, 80 Quoon-Btreot._3787 "" TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER, To Oom ractors, Storekeepers, and Others 1,500 Bags Dutch Oats TET M. TENNENT and CO. have J I received Instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst. at half-past twelve o'clock, immediately on the conclusion of the Government r Land Sale. V 5600 bushels very superior Dutch oats, Just / seceded from the Stadt Leyden fxomfnuter-1 t* " dam,Ingooi1 condition. .... ' j of The Awrrloneors cell he attention of the trade and I Mon generally t Mr rate of oats The sample Une pne, sweet, and w t In > ditioned, Terms at Sale. r s "i Sales by Auction. X PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. 120 Trunks Boots and Shoes, v O Ex Souter Johnny. Seasonable Goods, Manufactured by James Davies and Sons. r T.. TS7 M. TENNENT and CO. have a? . received instructions from Messrs. Graham, Lamb, and Co, the importers, to sell by auction, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, - 120 trunks seasonable boots and shoes, comprising the following assortment- _; 10 trunks light calf wellington boots 2 do stout do 8 delight calf princes do 12 do best calf and kid top do, elastic sides 4 do enamel and patent Oxonian Shoes, elastic fronts 16 do blucher boots, branded 5 delight calf bluchers 8 do youths' and boys' wellingtons, Memel claim two sides, and kip and calf bluchers 10 do women's calf lace boots, brass branded like do cashmere boots, elastic sides kip and plain fronts 6 do ladles' colored cashmere boots, elastic bands, and to lace 11 do girls' best kid, cloth, cordovan, cashmere, and colored boots, elastic sides 2 do do patent calf and cordovan Shoes, 10 to 13 8 do children's boots, cloth and cordovan, elastic sides, 5 to 9 4 do do cloth, cashmere, and patent boots, to button, 2 to 5 6 do do shoes, straps 8 do women's slippers 2 do men sale The auctioneers direct the attention of the trade to this sale of boots and shoes, which have been imported to order, and are now landing The assortment is first-rate, and well suited to the wants of the season Terms Liberal, at Sale. 802 "" MONDAY, 2nd NOVEMBER. " To Wine and Spl it Morohaiits, Storekeeper's, Tobacconists, and Others Custom House Sale of Overtime Goods. By Order of the Hon the Commissioner of Trade and Customs WM TENNENT and CO have received instructions from the Hon the Commissioner of Trade and Customs to sell by auction at the undernoted warehouses, on Monday, 2nd November, commencing at twelve o'clock, A quantity of over-time goods, consisting of - Brandy in case and bulk, rum, gin, geneva. cordials, wines, tobacco, cigars, snuff, bit tors, liquors, spirits, rum shrub, do, so, he 4,0 All the bonded goods that have been In th ware- houses longer than the time allowed by the Act of Council The sale will commence at Cole's warehouse, and will continue in the following order - Zander's- Allison and Knight's - Degrave's Beckwith's-Orloo's-Nichlson'a- Haikor's-Grooves's Coopers and Hamilton's Terms Cash. 8730 FRIDAY, 23rd OCTOBER. 18 To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others WM. TENNENT and CO will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 23rd inst., at twelve o'clock, 200 casks Byass's ale and porter, each 4 dozen, a good no shipment, Just Landed Terms at Sale 878 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others WM. TENNENT and CO will sell by public auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 20th Inst, at half-past twelve o'clock, After the Government Land Sale, CO cases Batty's new bottled fruits, each 2 dozen 20 do boiled chicken, each 1 dozen 80 barrels now dried apples 10 casks blacking To Close Accounts Terms Cash 3787 THURSDAY, 22nd OCTOBER. Allotments of Land at Brighton. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, 22nd inst, Immediately on the conclusion of the Government Land Sale, Four allotments of half an acre each) situate at Brighton, just this side the PicNic Hotel, and described. in the conveyance as being part of portion No. 10, parish of Moorabbin, county of Bourke, having a frontage to a Government road of 809 feet, by a depth of 105 feet Note -These allotments are situate on the Beach, just this side of Picnic Point, and are worthy the attention of parties desiring to secure seaside lots, and they are now disposed of to close a trust estate Terms Liberal, at Sala 878 PRELIMINARY NOTICE To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. \- Valuable City Properties. Parliament Corner, Corner Bourke-street east. Collins street Flinders street McKenzie street, North Melbourne Victoria terrace, Richmond. Parish of Warrandyte FRASER and COHEN have been favored with instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction in a few days, due notice of which will be given, and full particulars in future issue of the following most valuable properties, viz. - No. 1 Three shops and residences in Bourke street east, near the corner of Spring street, at present yielding a rental of 700 No. 2. Parliament Corner, Bourke and Spring streets, having a frontage of 87 feet to Bourke-street by a depth of [30 feet to Spring street, adjoining lot No 2. No 3 Allotment of land in Collins-street, adjoining the Duke of York Hotel, having a frontage of 40 feet by a depth of 86 feet 6 inches. No 4 Two shops and residences in Collins Street, near the corner of Russell street, yielding a rent of 2402. per annum No. 5 1 Commodious stores in Flinders street, facing the projected Terminus of the Suburban Railway, yielding a rental of 2000 per annum; erected on an allotment of land 83 foot to Flinders street by a depth of 156 feet No 6 Allotment of land situate In McKenzie-street, North Melbourne, having a frontage of 40 feet by a depth of 30 feet. , No. 7. Allotment of land situate in Victoria-terrace, Richmond, having a frontage of 830 foot by a depth of 380 feet. No. 3 I Allotment of land situate in the parish of Warrandyte, comprising thirty acres. Full particulars in future issue. Terms Liberal 8758 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. Prahran. By Order of the Mortgagee. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Tuesday, 20th October, at twelve o'clock, l By Order of the Mortgagee, All that piece or parcel of land lying and being in the Parish of Prahran, in the County of Bourke, in the Colony of Victoria, being part of portion number four of said Parish, and comprising lots number sixty four and sixty-five [upon the plan of sub-division of the [said portion number four and portion threes, commencing at a point on the western side of a certain road fifty two feet eight inches wide, reserved out of the said portion number four, two hundred and seventy feet north from a point on the southern boundary line of the said portion number four, which Enid last-mentioned point is distant three hundred and eighty four feet four inches, west from the south east corner or angle of the said portion number four, and bounded on the east by the said reserved road, in a line bearing further northerly one hundred feet, on the north by lot number sixty-six upon the said plan in a line bearing westerly one hundred and thirty nine feet six inches on the west by lots numbers forty two and forty one on the said plan, reserved out of portion number three, in a line bearing southerly one hundred feet and on the south by lot number sixty-three upon the said plan of subdivision in a line at right angles to the last line, bearing easterly one hundred and thirty nine foot six inches home to the commencing point. Terms Cash. 3766 ~~ MONDAY, 10th NOVEMBER. To Capitalists, Speculators, Merchants, and Others, First-class Stone-built Store and Ground, Situate in the most central part of GEELONG, And known as Burrows's Bonded Stores, For Positive Sale ' FRASER and COHEN have been favored with instructions from the mortgagees to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Monday, 10th November, at twelve o'clock, I ' H BURROWB'S BONDED STORES, Moorabool street, GEELONG, i Together . With the allotment of ground described asunder, and all outbuildings erected thereon, viz - All that piece or parcel of land situate in the town of North Geelong, parish of Corio, county of Grant, containing one rood four perches, 'or thereabouts, and being the northern moiety of Government allotment No 1 of section 87, and bounded as follows namely, commencing" at the north-west corner of the said allotment, and bounded on the north by the strand, being a line bearing south 65 degrees, east 134 foot 8 inches, on the east by Moorabool street, being a line bearing southerly 74 feet, on the south, by a line at right angles with the last line bearing westerly 132 feet and on the west by part of a Government reserve, being a line at right angles with the last line, bearing northerly to the commencing point 107 feet 6 Inches ; together with all those first-class stone-built Stores known as Burrows's Bonded Stores, and all outbuildings I erected thereon. The auctioneers would invite the particular notice of capitalists, speculators, merchants, and others to the positive Sale of the above most centrally- situated | and valuable property, being one of the best proper- j ties In the township, and therefore, without further comment, a really first-class investment, sold in to be 1 obtained, particularly In that popular and fast-increasing town or colong. Terms: One-fourth Cash; Balance at Three, Six, I Nine, and Twelve Months, with Interest of 8 per Cent added. _ 8610 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. 71 Bales and Casos of New Goods, Ex Donald McKay FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at the Hart, on Tuesday, 20th hut at eleven (clock, ^ Donald great 1 BH in diamond, f 72 bales And cases of new and seasonable slops' clothing, drapery, and hosiery. L Full Particulars in Future issue. l Terms at Sale. 3700 Sales by Auction, PRELIMINARY NOTICE. £7 Bales and Cases Superior New and Seasonable Slop and Clothing, Ex Istanboul ~ - -?- , FRASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at the Mart, as soon a landed, due notice of which will be given, " as Ex Istamboul, SEC, 1 67-67 bales and cases superior new any season able slops and clothing Full Particulars in Future Issue Terms at Sale 8703 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER. To Coachbuilders, Contractors, and Others, SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 10th Inst, at twelve o'clock, To close accounts, 2 waggons 1 Whitechapel cart 2 sets omnibus wheels Terms at Sale Without Reserve 8788 MONDAY, 19th OCTOBER To Coachmakers, Ironmongers, and Others Springs Springs Springs SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 10th inst, at twelve o'clock. About 11 ton elliptic and grasshopper springs : scroll irons, assorted, i for, from 2 to 24 inch Terms Cash 3788 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER To Perfumers, Chemists, and Others Eau de Cologne SYMONS and PERRY will sell by KJ auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 15th Inst, at twelve o cloak, X case Jean Marie Farina eau de Cologne, 50 dozen, Terms Cash. 8 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER To Tobacconists, Storekeepers. Dealers, and Others Tobacco Tobacco. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 10th inst, at twelve o'clock, 32 half tierces tobacco In Lots to Suit Purchasers. Terms at Sale 388 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER To Storekeepers, Publicans, and Others , SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 10th Inst, at twelve o'clock 83 casks Evans's porter, a dozen each Terms Gain. 2 No Reserve 1788 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER To Wine Merchants, Publicans, Storekeepers, and Others Port Wine Port Wine SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 10th inst, at twelve o'clock 28 quarter casks Cosens port wine, three-day mond, in bond 8 pipes, do do, do, do 12 hogsheads Cockburn a port wine, three day mond, duty paid 18 quarter casks do do, do, do 3 pipes port wine, single diamond, duty paid 7 do porter, in bond Terms Liberal, Declared at Time of Sale 3781 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER To Private Families, Ironmongers, Hotelkeepers, and Others SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at their Furniture Rooms rear of the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 19th Inst, a one o'clock, 1 Brown's patent kitchen range, with fittings complete, capable of cooking for forty people _ Terms Cash 3788 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER. To Private Families, Furniture Dealers, and Others SYMONS and PERRY will sell b auction, at their Furniture Rooms, rear of the' Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 10th inst, al on o'clock sharp, The following assortment of furniture, consisting of- ' Mahogany w wardrobes Do Bldoboards Do loo tables Sofas, In haircloth Do in morocco Chairs, do Do, in horsehair Marble top chifToiinierB Mahogany and walnut wood what nots Iron bedsteads, single and double Children's cots Hair and straw mattresses Feather pillows and bolsters, the Drawing room suite. In labourer Dining room do, do Ruby velvet Toilet glasses. _Terms-C»»h_8788 W WEDNESDAY, 21st OCTOBER. To Boot and Shoe Makers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others 100 Trunks Boots and Shoes, Ex Istanboul and Hotspur. SYMONS and PERRY have received Instructions from Messrs De Pass Brother and Co to sell by auction, at the Commercial Sale Room, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at twelve o dock, 105 trunks boots and shoes, consisting of Womouscloth boots, womenkind top, seal fronts 2 8 Do best No 1, cordovan wells, farming boots, 2 Do do No 2, kid belt boots I It side, corrugated Do cashmere, B B boots, do do Do colored French boots, Stout seats Do black do, do Do black and colored, Francais boots Do best colored cashmere pump boots, I R side corrugated Do enamelled pump slips Do best B B patent calf slips Do patent calf pumps, straps Do DCBt flannel lined carpet slippers Men's French calf box 11 wellingtons Do calf sprigged do Do kip do Do camel hide do Do best French calf sprigged do Do prime kip sprigged bluchers Do best French calf sprigged do Do red lined channel waist do Do enamel hide sprigged do Do enamel hide Oxonians, without seam Boys'light calf bluchers Do calf sprigged do Children s cashmere boots, black and colored, 2 S Girls'best do, do, 6 9 Youths' watertights Men's do Boys' leather boots Men's carpet shoes, etc Terms Liberal, Declared at Time of Sale The Auctioneers beg to call the attention of th 1 made to the above sale of first-class Boots and Shoes: the whole of which are only just landed, and are well suited to the wants of the approaching season 8783 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER To Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others 700 Bushels Prime Scotch Oats. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by O auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 10th inst., at twelve o'clock, 700 bushels prime Scotch oats, in lots to see purchaser Terms at Sale 3788 MONDAY, 19th OCTOBER. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others Pipes Pipes Pipes SYMONS and PERRY will sell by; auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 19th Inst, at twelve o'clock, Without Reserve, 60 boxes pipes, M'Dougall, Glasgow _ Terms Cash MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER To Linondrapors, Clothiers, Storekeepers and Others SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, of Monday, 19th inst., at twelve o'clock, Without Reserve, W T Til bale, containing 100 pairs Swanston drawer 2-1 do, 100 do, do 3-1 do, 100 do, do 44 do, 100 pairs super, ribbed knitted do 6-1 case waterproof clothing I do, tweed and other coats. Terms Cash No Reserve 3788 WEDNESDAY, 31st OCTOBER To Persons Seeking a Profitable Investment Valuable Freehold City Property, situated on LHtl Bourke-Street SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the commercial Sales Room, on Wed rj esday,21st inst, at twelve o'clock, A very valuable piece of land, situated in a right-of-way leading from Little Bourke-street, having J frontage of 60 feet by a depth of 66 feet to and the right-of way, also leading into Little Bourke street and situated nearly opposite the Victoria Hotel, Together with, Two brick built cottages, each containing two rooms, also a two roomed weatherboard cottage now erected on the above piece of land, and producing very good rental Title, first-rate To any person seeking Investment for a small cabin tal the above presents one of theses opportunities that are occurring at the present time, and the nut tioneers would wish to impress upon such person the desirableness of attending the above sale . Terms Easy, Declared at Sale 3767 '-- WEDNESDAY. 21st OCTOBER To the Tradesmen, Small Capitalists, and Working Classes of St Kilda SYMONS and PERRY have ( mud pleasure announcing that they have received instructions to sell, on the ground, St Kilda, on Wednesday, 21st inst, at one o'clock, That truly valuable black of land fronting the Balaclava road and Greyhound [Hotel, St Kilda i This truly valuable block of land is situate opposite the Blenheim Park Estate, and is in a high and dry position, having some handsome woes on the allot- S, which will be laid out with good depths, and, this sale will enable those, to obtain allotments from Inn the Balaclava road, who were disappointed at the late sale of the Blenheim Park Estate Terms at Sale. The Auctioneers would just remind intending purchasers that at this time of the year they can purchase property at about half the price W T C s"s n tim summer, and would therefore advise those dear ties not to neglect the present opportunity of pir phasing. I Sales by Auction. TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. I To Persons Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others, Unreserved Sale of Household Furniture, At the Residence of Mrs Holmes, 25 Napier-street, L ' Collingwood SYMONS and TERRY have received Instructions from Mrs Holmes to sell by auction, at her residence, 25 Napier- street, Collingwood, on Tuesday, 20th Inst" at twelve o'clock, All her modern and superior household furniture, comprising Handsome drawing-room loo table \- Mahogany couch, in morocco leather Drawing-room chairs Carpet, Co. Mahogany chairs Easy do 5 , Handsome tubular bedsteads Iron bedsteads and bedding Wardrobe Washstand and services Chests of drawers \- Toilet tables and glasses sidesteps Kitchen table Do utensils. c Also, A well assorted library of books, comprising one ment theological, poetical, historical, and other works Terms Cash. N.B. Catalogues in a few days. 870 WEDNESDAY, 21st OCTOBER. " Valuable City Property. LaTrobe-street, near Menzies' Hotel. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at twelve o'clock, Without Rosen o, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage of 20 feet to La Trobe street, by a depth of 65 feet to a right-of-way 12 feet wide, leading into Little Lonsdale-street being portion of allotments Nos 13 and 14 of section No 28, City of Melbourne Title Unexceptionable. The above desirable city property is situated in LaTrobe-street, immediately adjoining the stores of Messrs. Martin, Caughey, and Co, close to Menzies'' Hotel, and presents a very favorable opportunity to persons Booking Investments, as this part of the city is daily increasing in value. Terms Liberal Declared at Sale. 8767 THIS DAY. 3 Handsome Pianos. To Parties Furnishing, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street, on Saturday, 17th inst., at eleven o'clock, 3 handsome pianos The above are very fine-toned Instruments, and will be sold. Terms at Sale 876 THIS DAY. Postponed in Consequence of the Arrival and Departure of Mails A Sale of Valuable oil-paintings, r By the Most Celebrated Artists. To Connoisseurs of the Fine Arts, Gentlemen, Private _ Families, Picture Dealers, and Others. "W EASEY and CO. have received his instructions from the importers to sell by auction, in their new long room, 38 Collins-street nest, on Saturday, the 17th inst, at eleven o'clock, The following splendid paintings Lot SA Female spinning, by N. Mnes Nicholls Maos was a pupil of Ron brandy : his pictures, i in richness of tone and harmony of effect, approached the admired works of Rembrandt. Lot 2-An Interior, a candle-light scene, with figures, by Van Slingelaudt. Van Slingelandt was a pupil of Gerrard Doivw, whose highly _ finished style be followed, and may be said to have equalled, if not surpassed, his instructor. Lot 8-9 Lady Eating Oysters and Taking Wine with a Gootlomau, by G. Schalken. Godfrey . , Schalken was a pupil under Gerrard Douw, under whom be acquired great delicacy of finish, and a compotontacquaintance with the principles of Right and shade Lot 4-Near Tourney, No 1, and a companion ' scene In Belgium, No 2, by A. N. Vickers, Lot 6 Upper Meuse. No 3, and a companion On the Sonne, by A N. Vickers. Lot 0 Group of Trust, by Etty. Lot 7 - fishing smacks leaving Harbor, by Taylor. Lot 3-5 Landscape of English Scenery, by Payne. Lot 0 A Landscape Scene at Hendon, Middlesex, by Watts. An English Landscape, by _ Payne. Lot 16 Cattle and Tlguros, by Burgham This charming painter was a pupil of Vangoyou and other eminent masters particularly colo brated for landscape and cattle Lot 11 Madonna and Child, by Sossaferroto. This celebrated artist was considered to excel in historical painting, and was a pupil of Francisco Ponni, Raphael's favorite pupil. Lot 12 Card Party, by Motzn, a pupil of Gerrard new and Mlorls, particularly celebrated for portraits and interiors Lot 13 Landscapes and rigores, by Jan Mlol. This eminent artist was a pupil of Gerrard \- Segers, particularly celebrated for hunting pieces, beggars, and pastoral scones. , 14-Landscapes and Cattle, by Cooper. This distinguished artist deservedly enjoys a world-wide reputation for cattle. Lot 15 Landscapes and figures, by P. Williams. This much esteemed painter is living at the present day. His paintings are much sought after. Lot 16 Landscapes and figures, by P. Williams. Lot 17-Gypsy scene, by Shaj cr. The paintings of this well-known English artist are much sought after. Lot 18 Landscape and figured, by Shayor, in the best style of this distinguished artist. Lot on-Sea Piece, by W Williams This clever artist is rapidly rising in public estimation Lot 20-Last Litter of Pigs, by Moreland. This celebrated artist was preeminently distinguished for his paintings of pigs, and farm- yard scenes. Lot 21 Cattle, by Cooper. Lot 22 Grave-digger, by Armfield. Lot 23-Country farms, by Wm Denen. Lot 24-Mouth of the Woy, by Gainsborough. Lot 25-Covenantors, by McKenzie Lot 28-Horses and landscape, by Shayor. Lot 27 Do do, by Westall Lot 28-Sea Piece, Droezo, by Earle Lot SO sorry boat, by Westall. Lot 30-Landscape, by R. Wilson. Lot 81 Moonlight, by Collins Lot 82-Boy and Pigs, by Moroland. Terms at Sale. The pictures are now on view at the rooms of the auctioneer._^_8043 - TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. 7 76 Bales and Cases Drapery, Slops, Clothing, and Fancy Goods, To Drapers, Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by a? auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street, west, on Tuesday, 20th Inst, at eleven o'clock, 1 case white cotton hose, women's 2 do do do, do 4 do grey do, do 2 do do brown do half-hose, men's 2 do white do socks, children's 1 do men's merino vests 18 do do hosiery, assorted 4 do do regatta shirts 1 0 do do Swiss do 1 bales Scotch twill do ' 1 do flannel 8 do printed drugget 1 case window nott 1 1 do roll jaconets [J 1 do youths' and men's braces 1 1 do cambric handkerchiefs ?' 8 do printed organdi muslins 4 do do delaines 1 1 do corded skirts I 1 do cashmere and poplin dresses ! 1 do summer ties ; . 2 do furniture prints [ 7 bales Dutch carpet 1 1 case 4 4 fronting 8 do Bedford cord pantaloons 4 do millers' white moles 5 do drab do 3 do summer clothing 1 do children's dresses 2 do poplin do I do indiarubber braces. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade to the above sale. The goods are in fine order, and to be sold without rosorye._3794 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. On the Grounds at Malvern, corner of High-Street and the Government Road leading to the Main Dandenong Road, close to the residence of Colin Campbell, Kin the new Episcopalian Church, &e.;, and commanding one of the finest and most extensive views in this locality ",.,,. -vi.. To Newly-arrived Immigrants, Capitalists, and Others, seeking Eligible Building Sites, in this fast increas- ing and favorite neighborhood. W EASEY and CO. have received e Instructions from the owner to sell by auction, on the ground, on Tuesday next, the 20th instant, at twelve o'clock, .... The following valuable lots i Lot 1. Corner allotment to High-street and Government road leading to Dandenong, containing 1 acre, rood, and 8 perches, 2 ." Lot 2. Having a frontage to a Government road, and con tainuiK 1 acre, 1 rood, and 36 perches. Lot 8. Having a frontage to the same Government road, and containing 1 acre, 1 rood, and 19 perches. 1 Lot 4. ' Having a frontage to High-Street, a Government road, and containing 1 acre, 1 rood, and 34 perches. i Lot 5. -A- - Havingaliko frontage and containing same quantity 1 The auctioneers would call the attention of parties to this sale. The land is elevated, and commands extensive and mixed views of the surrounding country. Terms-Liberal._8794 .""-?" MONDAY, 19th OCTOBER. Sale of 2,128 Bates of Mauritius Sugar, ! To Merchants, Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Monday, 10th Inst,, at - eleven o'clock, The following fine Mauritius sugars-' La Garde, No. 0, 480 bags white crystals Fair fund. No. 1,100 do finest counters Wolmar, No. 1.802 do do Mon Desert, No. 1, 200 do do Tamarino, No. 2,158 do do Walhalla, No. 8, 400 do do Beau Vallon, No. 4,878 do sugars. The attention of the trade is solicited to this sale, the qualities of the sugars being very fine, and in rat-rate order and condition. Samples from the bulk are now on view at the mart of the auctioneers, and parties are solicited to view the same. _ 2,." cows at Sale, 8768 Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Postponed in Consequence of the Arrival and Di par turn of Mails. 6 Cases Splendid Vases. . . - To Private Families, Gentlemen, China Warehouse: men, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. have received . Instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their mart, Collins- street, on Saturday, 17th inst, at eleven o'clock, 6 cases splendid vases. -- < Those goods are, without exception, the handsomest ever Imported, and will be found on Inspection well worthy the attention of parties desirous of obtaining handsome ornaments. Terms Cash. . 8018 THIS DAY. Postponed in Consequence of the Arrival and Do v parture of Mails. Mr 6 Cases Splendid Engravings. To Private Families, Gentlemen, Fanoywaro Dealers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west- on Saturday, 17th inst., eleven o'clock, 6 cases of splendid engravings, in maple, walnut, and other frames, allvory superior. 2 splendid pier glasses 6 French toilet do. Terms at Sale. No Reserve. 8872 THIS DAY. - Postponed in Consequence of the Arrival and Departure of Mails. 3 oil-paintings, by Pickersgill. To Picture Fanciers, Private Gentlemen and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Saturday, 17th inst., at eleven o'clock. No. l. Ship in Distress Sunrise after a Stormy No. 2 Seaview. No. 8 On the SeaatWalthamstow Ferry. _Torms-Cash._ 3009 THIS DAY. - Postponed in Consequence of the Arrival and Do' parture of Mails. 81 Bales Paper. To Stationers, Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by TT auction, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Saturday, 17th inst., at eleven o'clock, S in diamond, 21-38-0 bales grocers' royal hand 42-1 do brown bag cap 60-1 do do do 01-1 do demy 02-1 do Same contents 03-1 do do 07-1 do do 2 1-10-16 bales royal hand wrapping The Auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade to the above sale of paper, which is in good order, and will be sold ~ Without Reserve. Terms at Sale. 801 THURSDAY, 22nd OCTOBER. Extensive Sale Ironmongery, Cutlery, die. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by I ,RUotlcin> at their mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, 22nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 180 kegs patent nails, assorted -T. 100 do cut breads and lath nails, do ~ "" 26 do wrought tacks 100 boxes tin plates, IC, IX, IXX 8 cases cross-cut saws, assorted 1 do butchers'' cleavers 2 casks sad irons 10 copper furnaces 2 cases circular saws 1 do bar, Wright's 3 do pit saws 3 casks emery 2 do books, assorted 10 donors nails 0 do best London glue 1 do back-chains 1 do plough-mouldsand boards Weighing machines 100 nests three hoop tubs 1 case coffin furniture 3 bales cocoanuts 2 casks house bellows 2 do Bath bricks 5 bales sewing twine 1 case whip thong 1 cask japanned canisters, in nests 1 case knife-boards X cask hook and eye and T hinges 1 do falling axes 2 cases handsaws 1 do wire sieves 1 do cast stool 12 do Milner's safes, assorted 20 best registered grates. 10 cases assorted cutlery And A large assortment of other ironmongery. Further Particulars and Terms at Sale. No Reserve. 8791 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER. 678 Bags Hayes's Celebrated Black Oats. To Coach Proprietors, Com Factors, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. have received . Instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street, on Monday, 19th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Sea Breeze, 678 bags Hayes's black oats. The auctioneers have much pleasure in calling the attention of the trade to the sale of these justly celebrated oats, which will be sold Without Reserve. Terms at Sale. 3704 WEDNESDAY, 21st OCTOBER. On the Australian Wharf. 6 Pitch Pine Spars, £5 Feet Long. To Shipowners, Ship Chandlers, and Others. -W EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, on the Australian Wharf, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Gambia, 6 pitch pine spars, 80 foot long. Terms at Sale. The above spars will be landed at Sandridge, and can be seen by applying at Messrs. Donaldson and Co. a, 3700 WEDNESDAY, 21st OCTOBER, 35,000 Boat Bangor Slates. To Slaters, Builders, Contractors, and Others. On the Australian Wharf. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at the Australian Wharf, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex John Lj an, 16,000 slates, 24 x 12 20,000 do 20 x 10. All Beat Blue Bangor slates, and to be Sold Without Reserve. Terms Liberal. 3701 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. 221 Bales and Cases Drills and Duck. To Tent-makers, Ironmongers, Ship Chandlers, em! Others. WEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 83 Collina-Btrcotwost. on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, 26 bales Methuen duck 10 cases blue drills 6 do Agawam dear do Demions 62 bales Raven's duck 63 do duck 19 do do ship do. The auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of the trade to the above important sale, as the goods are of first make and to be sold. r Terms Liberal. 3701 TUESDAY, 27th OCTOBER, Important and Unreserved Sale of Land and Boil dence at Brighton, fronting the Bay, and Command- ing Splendid and Extensive Views. I To Parties Seeking an Eligible Residence and Building Sites in this Favorite and Beautiful Locality next the Beach, Brighton Park, and close to the Proposed Railway Terminus. W. EASEY and CO. have re ceived instructions from Mr. H. M. Bland to sell by public auction, at their mart, Collins-street on Tuesday, 27th inst, at twelve o'clock, The following valuable proportion As per plan, having a frontage of 100 feet to the Terrace (fronting the Bay), by a depth of about 100 feet. x , Upon this lot is erected the cottage at present in the occupation of Mr Blanch, containing entrance-hall, 6 feet wide, two front rooms, 17 x 16, two back room?, 16 x 16 and two small rooms under the verandah. Also, Kitchen, store room, and servants' room. On the premises is a tank containing about 12,000 gallons of water. The whole of this lot is substantially fenced in, and the front grounds converted into a tasteful garden. The back garden is well-stocked with fruit and vine tree, or some young' growth. Lot 18, As per plan, having a frontage of 72 foot to the terrace (fronting the Bay by a depth of about 220 feet. " ' Lot 14, As per plan, being a corner allotment or Derby road and the terrace (fronting the Bay and having a frontage to the terrace of 100 foot by a depth or other frontage of 216 foot to Derby-road. . Lota 11 and 12, ' t I As per plan, each having a frontage of 60 feet to Derby Road by a depth of 167 feet. Lots 6, C, 7,8, and 0, - AS per plan, each having a frontage to Denby-Road of 89 feet by a depth of 264 feet. ,.,,., The Auctioneers would earnestly solicit Intending purchasers to inspect this property. It is most beautifully situated next the Brighton Park and to the residence of J. W. Webb. sea., and commands the most splendid and ot- her Five view of the Bay and surrounding country ; is in the very best part of Brighton, and in the immediate vicinity of the proposed terminus of the Suburban Railway, and fronting the Bay, offers, as an unreserved sale, every inducement to parties wishing to purchnscrandrcsidein this fast improving and valuable locality. Terms at Sale 178 w WEDNESDAY, 28th OCTOBER. , Preliminary Notice. In Consequence of Retiring from Business, the EnUre Wholesale Stock of Mr. R. Packer, Grocer, 178 Eourto-itreotEast. .' - WEASEY and CO. have received . Instructions from Mr. R, Packer to sell by auction, at his stores, 98 Bourke-street east, on Wel ncBday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, in consequence of his retiring from business,, r The entire wholesale stock of groceries, price. Full particulars and terms in future advertisements Sales by Auction. MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER. 800 Bags Native Ceylon Coffee. 100 Do. Pepper. 200 Do. Dates. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by T auction, at their mart, 82 Collins-street west., on Monday, 19th inst., at eleven o'clock, -a 800 bags Native Ceylon coffee 100 do copper 200 do (lau s. ' Terms at Sale. The attention of the trade is requested to the above sample of coffee. which is very fine and to be sold. J _8758 ~~ TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. 140 Bales and Cases Drapery, Clothing, and Fancy Goods. To Drapers, Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, - 140 bales and cases drapery, clothing, etc Full particulars and Terms in Saturday's paper. 876 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER. At Twelve o'clock on the Ground. Unreserved Sale. Valuable Farm, Horses, Cows, Pigs, Ploughs, Har- , rows, Harness, Carts, Chaff cutters, and other Farming Implements, situate at East Brighton, near i the Orange, the properties of Messrs. Lyall, Crosbie, ' Bignell and others, and the East and Little Brighton ! Hotels. 6 440 Acres of Land, 50 Acres of which are cleared and 20 under cultivation, the whole substantially fenced and commanding an extensive and beautiful view of the Bay. To be offered either in one lot or subdivided (as per plan) into 5, 8,15, and 20 Aero Farms. To Newly-arrived Immigrants, Farmers, Small Capitalists, and Others Seeking an Advantageous , Investment, a Comfortable and Certain Indepen- dence W EASEY and CO. have received instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction, on the ground, on Monday, 10th inst, at twelve o'clock, All that capital farm containing 44 acres of land, 80 ! acres of which are cleared, and 20 acres under cultivation. Upon this land is erected a four-roomed dwell- ' ing-house, kitchen outside, four stall stable, hay-loft, and two rooms, large barn 62 x 22, stock and stock- I yards, piggeries, &c.; There is a capital garden of about one acre of ground (closely fenced) attain to the house, most part of which is trenched and stocked ' with fine vines and fruit-trees. The farm is substantially enclosed by a post-and-rail fence and subdivided into five paddocks (including house and garden), say four cultivation paddocks and one grazing paddock. The farm is well drained, and has been highly cultivated, and has a never-failing supply of fresh water, and a source of great profit to the present owner, who B only leaving on account of being obliged to reside in the bush. The site of this farm is admirably situated, being at the corner of two Government roads, one of which is two chains wide, and must become one of the first roads in this part of the country. Distance from Melbourne about eight miles, and the form is close to the Grange and near the East Brighton and Little Brighton Hotels. Upwards of £1,000 has been expended on improvements by the present owner. The land is remarkably good. To Newly-arrived Immigrants and small capitalists, the auctioneers would direct their attention to the sale of this farm, as to any hard-working industrious man a certain independence would be realised in a few years., The crops can be taken at a valuation, or sold with the land, and if preferred the farm will be subdivided into five or ten acre lots. ' Observe No Reserve. Vehicle for conveying purchasers will start on the morning of the sale from the mart. I Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. Title Unexceptionable. Purchasers are solicited to go and view the farm, and every information will be given on application to the Auctioneers. Luncheon on the Ground. 3023 WEDNESDAY, 21st OCTOBER. On the Australian Wharf Entire Cargo of Timber ex Gambia, from Ship Island. ISO Square Logs. 0,925 Deals, 018, and 14 x 8. 014 Scantling. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and Others, TKT EASEY and CO. will sell by TY auction, on the Australian Wharf, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Gambia, 130 logs, 16 x 10, to 18 x 10, to 28 feet lengths 2,018 deals, 11 x 8, 12 to 24 do 6 do, 12 x 3,12 to 24 do 517 do, 16 x 3,12 to 22 do 1,720 do, 6 x 3,12 to 24 do 24 do, 9 x 3,12 to 25 do 252 do, 7 x 3, 18 to 24 do 45 do, 6 x 3,14 to 25 do 403 scantling, 4 x 2,12 to 24 do 12 do, 8x4,12 to 24 do. i i The auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of the trade to the above cargo of timber, which is of first into quality, and will be sold without the slightest reserve. The auctioneers would add that the legs will be sold to be taken delivery of from the ship's side. Terms at Sale. 8072 - TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. On the Grounds at Malvern, Unreserved Sale of. Valuable Suburban Allotment at Malvern, on the d Main Dandenong-road. Near the Rose ence of Colin Campbell, Esq., close to the Episcopalian Church, and nearly opposite the ii in vom Hill Hotel. To Newly Arrived Immigrants, Small Capitalists, Market Gardeners and Others seeking a Profitable Investment and a Comfortable Home in one of the Most Healthy and Beautiful Sites near Melbourne. W EASEY and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, on the ground, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at twelve o'clock, All that desirable piece of land containing about nine acres, and being portion of Government allotment No. , subdivided into quarter-acre allotments. This valuable property is situated on the O ormer day or main Dandenong road, but a short distance from Toorak, and near the residence of Mr. Colin Campbell, the newly erected Episcopalian Church, and just bay and the Malvern QUI Hotel and the Stock- yards lately erected by Messrs. Kaye and Butchart. The auctioneers would strongly urge the attention of newly-arrived immigrants, market gardeners and others to this unreserved sale. The situation of this land is very high, and commands one of the finest views in the colony, and is on one of the main roads leading from Melbourne. Title-One Remove from the Crown. Convoy races Will be Furnished Gratis. Lithographed plans of the subdivisions are being prepared, and may be obtained on application at the mart, where every information may be obtained respecting this property. Please to observe the property is to be Sold Without Reserve. Terms-One-third cash, remainder by acceptances at three, six, nine, and twelve months, Luncheon on the Ground. TO BUILDERS, CAPITALISTS, SPECULATORS AND THE PUBLIC GENERALLY. Parliamentary Corner. Liberal Credit. Half-Aero Collins and Spring streets Unquestionably the Most Enviable Site in the whole City of Melbourne. Most excellent, elevated, and desirable Freehold City Building Property, at the top of Collins-street, admirably adapted for the erection of a new Parliamentary Club, and a row of the finest flrat-oktss Residences in Melbourne. The situation embraces all the advantages of the country with the convenience of close proximity to the city, and stands immediately opposite the square reserved for the Houses of Parliament and public offices, towards which the leading improvements of the city are fast concentrating, and from which one of the finest landscapes around Melbourne as soon, embracing the Bay, South Yarra, the Government Domain and Gardens, the River Yarra, Fitzroy-square, with the Dandenong Ranges in the background. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son are instructed by the proprietor to submit to public competition, this most valuable freehold property on the ground, on Wednesday, 21st Inst,, at twelve o'clock precisely, The whole of that eminently invariable corner property above referred to, being Allotment No. 4 of Section of the city of Melbourne, subdivided for" the convenience of purchasers in the following order : Lot 124 feet to Collins-street by 22 feet in depth 2-24 do do by 80 do do 8-24 do do by 80 do de . ' 4-24 do do by 80 do do 5-80 do do by 80 foot to Spring-street ' to- 82 do to Spring-street by 84 foot in depth 7-82 do do by 00 do de- " ' 8-86 do do by 87 do do . ' 0-80 do do by 87 do do All the allotments having a right-of-way to the roar of 12 feet. i In recommending this unrivalled property to the at- I tension of the public, Alexander Young and Co. need ! scarcely point out the felicitous advantages attendant upon the purchase of those eligible allotments, in- comparably superior to any others for disposal within the limits of our rapidly and wonderfully increasing city. Very lately a corner block in Collins-street sold for £40,000 in one lot, and with the facilities for loco- > motion throughout the city afforded now-a-days, and daily increasing, and the dispersion of business consequent thereon from the great centre of commerce, it is difficult to define any material depreciation in value between a lot immediately central and one only a few blocks removed, which In many respects possesses greater advantages. > Leaving the palpable merits of this most favored locality to speak for themselves, the auctioneers merely announce the above sale to the. ; public, and would further simply call attention to the following very liberal t Terms of cale 20 per cent cash deposit ; 20 per cent, at six months with discount added and the balance secured upon the property for two years from the day of sale, at 8 per cent. "A correct plan of the property will be ready for the. inspection of the public in a few days. 8780 MONDAY, 15th OCTOBER. To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. -2 2 Candles,! Butter, Cheese, Soda Crystals, c ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. A- (successor to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Monday, 10th inst., at eleven o'clock, i e 140 boxes Price's candle, No, 1, sixes 45 do Halo's do, No 1, sixes 75 firkins double rose Cork butter 30 casks Wollongong do 50 do soda crystals 10 cases North Wilts cheese CO do quart vinegar, each dozen 60 do Whybrow's pint pickles, each 2 dozen. Terms at Sale, 3788 J Sales by Auction "a " WEDNESDAY, 21st OOTOBElT-?« A Grazing Farm of 20 Acres, near the saw about half a mile from the Young Ss2" H Sydney-road. . queen, in the A valuable investment for a small capitalist worthy the attention of the newly was grants, farmers, and the Industries cST11*» : ALEXANDER YOUNG- and Co XI. (Successors to Stubbs and Son) have,' instructions to sell by auction, at their rorTm.^î,,TI' street, on Wednesday, 21st inst., at twalÄSN A very valuable farm of 20 acres, penny's Grazing Farm, about half a million Young Queen, on the Sydney-road, and RMLI" miles from Melbourne. and it is The land is all fenced in, well watered and a,. round, and about half of it is ready for cutting a Terms at Sale. u'"T«Ml seas 8720sat wed call MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER-" Flour, Oats, and Bran. To Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others ALEXANDER YOUNG 563 XL (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell a son, at their rooms. Queen-street, on MondsViM inst., at eleven o'clock, uuu,/iil4 600 bags Adelaide flour 87 do town do 700 do prime Scotch oats 1,000 bUshels bran. In Lots to Suit Purchasers, ^^^^^^_^^ Terms at Sale. j... TUESDAY, 27th OCTOBER A Choice Allotment of Land with Three 'Collins. on it fronting the Toorak-road, Two Miles Ims""! Melbourne Post Office, for Positive Sale, b»<2" J the Proprietor, who is about to proceed to SIR ALEXANDER YOUNG - and, Co (successors to Stubbs and Son) have "Jj. Instructions from the Proprietor, Mr. Willam, 35 who is leaving for England, to put up to milES petition, for positive sale, at their roomi.diiMm,S on Tuesday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock\uAV!' Avery choice and valuable allotment of Ui'j. the Gardiner's Creek or Toorak Road, citadel tween the proper use of Henry Bailes, Esq, mjZ Mills, Esq and close to the South Melbourne Ha?, it has a frontage of 83 foot to the Toorak- road Ki depth ofl82feot. 'The There are three good cottages on the idol which bring in a rental of two pounds ten tons per week. T One cottage is substantially built of brick admiral and contains five rooms, three on the ground floor two above. The other two cottages are built on. and partly of brick, and contain each two room 3 fire places In each. This property presents a very favorable opportai To small capitalists for investment, the rent jHUZ! handsome interest for the purchase-money, and! property rapidly increasing in value. 4 For further particulars apply to the Aucttostm 3786 oct 19, £1, £5 MONDAY, 10th OCTOBER Salt. Salt. Twenty Tons Fine Liverpool Salt. ALEXANDER YOUNG and old (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell bra tion, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, in inst, at eleven o'clock, 20 tons fine Liverpool salt, In lots to suit purchasers. Terms Cash. and PRELIMINARY NOTICE. A Great Bargain And I A Good Opportunity. . By To the Industrious and Successful Classes in Melbourne!! Geelong Ballaarat, Bendigo, Ararat, Dunolly, coffee I tlemaine, Maryborough, Warrnambool, Portland and Port Albert, to. am Sale of the 1 J BOWLING GREEN HOTEL, , | At the Railway Station, Little River. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO! (successors to Stubbs and Son have receive! Instructions from the proprietor, Mr. Henry Nie? less, to sell by public auction, on the premises H Wednesday, 17th November, at one o'clock pital (Knot previously disposed of by private contract, j s which due notice will be given), , All those valuable freehold house and prove known as THE BOWLING GREEN HOTEL, At the Little River, with the grounds attached prising 20 acres. Note-The completion of the Geelong Ballin; ii I an event of no ordinary importance to the InUratiil ! the country and the convenience of the people, ft ' has opened up the plains stretching via the Werribee the Little River, and the beautiful You Yangs brought the two great rival cities into morelmmedlili , relation. ' Six times a day the trains pass and repass (li ' hotel, and six times a day will the good offices of the landlord be required to consul the taste of his ex tomers, remembering that as the traffic Iucrouti a I will his profits. ) Tea gardens are in course of formation, and tktQ> vernment lands all round the neighborhood an Iii falling into the hands of a new and highly-respected , proprietary. Further particulars will be given of the beast, li, ' provements, &c.; Terms Liberal : 25 per cent, cash deposit, said in residue at three, six, nine, and twelve months, to ing 8 per cent. Interest. Refreshments will be provided for the company. Title Guaranteed. 316 AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. F BIGWOOD and CO. beg to announce that Mr. Edward Sydes has joins! their firm, and in future their business as Aust Pioneer. and Commission Merchants will be cvriA on at their new promises, 10 Queen-street, under Vat trustee! BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. 1st October, 1867._ISO ; TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. Scotch Oats. To Cornfaetors, Livery Stable Keepers, and Ota. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, i -, 700 bags Scotch oats, in prime order, non Unity ex Albion. Terms at Sale. 239 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. 4" Flour. To Bakers, Storekeepers, and Others. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will offer for sale by auction, at their rooms, 11 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, 17 tons flour, various brands, guaranteed. No Reserve 210 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. To Spirit Merchants and Others. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, 9 quarter-casks brandy, ex Bucephalus £50 cases Market's brandy, ex do. Terms Liberal. 83? TUESDAY. 20th OCTOBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others, BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, 120 cases La Pierre and Co.'s claret 7 hhds. P. V. P. brandy, Guaranteed. Terms-Liberal. AJS TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. 4 BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 10 Queen-M, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, : 25 tons salt t 300 horn S tons split peas 400 bushels malt. Terms at Sale 8th TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. " , Bran. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and 30. Kill sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, COO sacks bran. ; _Terms-Cash._T_ ' TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. ~~~ To Comfnctors, Livery Stable Keepers, and Others. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at ttwirrogüis, li) Queen-street,' on Tuesday, 20th inst, at eleven o'clock sharp, ' ¡ COObushoIs Danish oats. ' Terms atSalo._»*_ *""" TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. Oats. To Contractors and Others. ' BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will offer for sale, at their rooms. 19 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, , - 740 bags Irish oats, ox Twilight, prime sample, Terms at Sale. 22 TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. To Corn Factors, Livery Stable Keepers, and Others, Oats. ," BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 10 Queen street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, 006 bags Calcutta oats 700 do Scotch do. Terms at Balcatta. TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and 30. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, £00 firkins double rose Cork butter. Guaranteed. 'Terms Liberal._«2_ TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Storekeeper!.' BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. mill sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street on Tuesday, 20th Inst., at eleven o'clock, 18Sr-caska}Swal'loBoord'aoldtom' M Terms Liberal. seat TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. ,,. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street) on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, 00 casks Byass's ale 300 do do porter. Guaranteed Parcel. 7, Terms Liberalism TUESDAY, 20th OCTOBER. 2 Candles, i To Grocers and Storekeepers. , ¡,. BIGWOOD, SYDES, and CO. jw sell by auction, at their rooms. 10 Quoen-rtrWi on Tuesday, 20th inst., at eleven o'clock, r ' 200 boxes sperm candles. ' .,, ! Terms at Sale. 9". 