Sat eg fee 'iniS DAY. 50 Tons of Liverpool Salt. 2U5 Bags of Mill Dressed Patna Rice. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, a rooms, Collins street, next tho Bi Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o' 25 ions Liverpool fine salt 25 do do coarse do 210 bags mill-dressed Patna rice. All guaranteed. Terms — cash. THIS DAY. 600 Bushels Danish Oatg. iiOO Do California Do. A First-rate Sample. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, I ? rooms, Collins stieet, next the Ba Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'cli 800 bushels Danish oatB 300 do California do All in the best condition. Terms at sale. ' THIS DAY, 20 Casks Sugar-cured Hams. 50 i;bsos Prime Dairy Chee6e. ' 160 Boxes Doable Crown Soap. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, ii ? rooms, Collin? Btreet, next the Ban Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at ? e o'olock, 20 casks sugar- oured hams 50 caseB priaie dairy cheese 150 boxes double-crown EOap. No reserve. THIS DAY. To Grooers and Country Storekeepers. 450 CaBes Oilmen's Stores. AG. IH'COMBB will sell by auction, li ? roorca, Collins street, next the Ban Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at el o'clook, 100 case', each 3 dozon, bottled fruits 90 do, do 2 do, Wotherspoon's assorted ji 50 do, do do do marmalade 40 do, do do Feast's salad oil 50 do, do 3 do French do 20 do Robinson's groats 20 do raspberry vinegar, pints and quart 30 do, each 2 dozen table vinegar 5 do fine Patras currants. Terms at sale, THIS DAY. . To Grocers and Others. 2B0 Cases Oilmen's Stores. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction in ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst,, at c'.c o'clock, Ex Eclipse. 50 Cases, cach 2 dozen, Feast's 1-lb black red currant jams 100 do, do 3 do, Why brow's pint mixed pici (new label) 25 do, do .10 tins, Morton's 1-lb lobstera 25 do, do 50 do, Powell's 2-lb salmon 20 do, each 3 dozen, Coleman's 1-lb musta 20 do, do 4 do, do i-lb do 10 do, each 8 tins,'14-lb do 20 do, do 16 do, 7-lbdo . 20 do fine table suit, in jars. All just landed, in flrst-rate order. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. 29G Cases Oilmen's Stores. AG. M'COMBE will tell by auction, in ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of A traiasla, on Friday, 4th inst.., at eleven o'eloc 90 boxes white soap 110 cases, each two dozen superior mustari 40 cases, each six dozen mushroom oatsu] 40 boxes Burn's cntty pipes To be sold to close sales. Without reserve. ' ~ ' THIS DAY. ' 40.000 Havannah Cigars. 5 H°.If Tierces Barrett's Tobacco. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in ! ? roomi, Collins street, next the Bank of A' tralasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'olock, 40,000 Huvannah cigars 5 half-tierces Barrett's tobacco. To close a sale. 'Fin so ay' 110 FirkiiiB Cork Butter. A Good Sample. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in I ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Au tralasia, on Friday, 4:li inst., at eleven o'clock, 110 firkins double rose Cork butter. To be sold to closo a consignment. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. 20 Tons Adelaide Flour, Town Mills Brand. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in 1 ? rooms, Collins street, next tho Bank of Au tralasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 20 tons Adelaide flour, town mills brand. A guaranteed parcel. THIS DAY. 40 Tins Assorted Confectionery, 100 Tins Clark's Adelaide Biscuits. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In h ? rooms, ColJinB street, next the Bank ' Australasia, on FriOay, 4th inst., at eleve o'clock, 40 tins assorted confectionery^ 100 tins Clark's Adelaido biscuits. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. 110 Westphalia Hams, Loose. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in h1 ? rooms, Collins street, next tho Bank - Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleve 1 o'olock, 110 Westphalia hams, loose. To be sold to close a consignment. THIS DAY. 27 Cases North Wilta Cheese. 1 ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors t Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction, at thei rooms, Queen street, on Friday, 4th inst., at elevei o'clock, 27 cases containing each 10 North Wilti cheeses; in first-rate condition. Terras at sale. 74 THIS DAY. To Tent Makers, &o.; Forfars, Osnaburghs, &o.; Alexander young and co (successors t- Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction, at theii rooms. Queen street, on Friday, 4th inst., at elevei o'clock, 33 pes. each 50 yd'., Oanaburgh 1500 yds. forfars 5 dozen black sand bag?, &e.; Terms — cash. 75 THIS DAY. Ale and Porter. Alexander young & co. (successors to Stubbs and Son) will cell by auction at theii rooms, Queen Btreet, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 9 hhds Yorkshire ale, in fine condition 16 do Btont. Without reserve. 75 THIS DAY. Sardines, Lobsters, and Salmon. Alexander young & co., (successors t o. Stubbs and Son,) will sell by auotion, at their rooms, Queen street, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clook, 50 cases qr sardines, each 200 50 do 4 do do, each 100 70 do 1-lb lobsters, each 4 dozen 50 do 1-lb Balmon. Terms at sale. 75 ~~~ ? THIS DAY.' To Grocers, Gingerbeer Manufacturers, Ship Chandlers, &c.; Alexander young and co... (successor? to Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Friday, 4 th inst., at eleven o'olock. 25 jars tartaric acid, each 28 lba 16 kegs corbonate soda . 97 bags brown ginger 30 cases 2-lb lobsters, each 1 doz 50 lirbinB D. R. Cork butter 16 casks mess beef, and miscellaneous stores. Without reserve. 75 5-alw fifi auction. ? MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. 2 Cases Assorted Whips. To Saddlers, Harnessmakers, and Others, in hie A LEXANDEit YOUNG ond CO. (successors to ink of -£*? Stubbs and Son) will sell by nnotlon, ot their Block, rooms, Quoen street, on Monday, 7th inst., at eleven o'olock, 2 cases whips assorted, comprising — 3 doz jockey w hips, electro-plated . 3 do hunting do do do 1 3 do brass hammer hunting „ ? 3 do electro-plated do ] 8 do lancewood do 1 (! do gig whips, plain handles i 3 do do bone holly I 3 do do bone gutt 1 [n )j[a 3 do do electro-plated uk 0f 6 carriage do, bone holley j ,cIj 3 do do, German silver t ' 3 do do, electro plated | 3 do tandem do, do do t 2 doz stock whips 50 do gut oart whips, 4, 6, 7, and 8 feet t ? ? 18 do thread do do 6 do boys' do do o C do hand do do ii 6 drovers' do do. Terms at sale. 74 ^ a his ~~ ? ? ? ? k of MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER, leven GO Cases Boots and Shoes, - To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, and the Country Districts. _ Alexander young and co. (successors to ? I Stubbs and Son) have received instructions , from the importers, sell by auotion, at their rooms, ? Queen street, on Monday, 7tu inst., at eleven ™ o'clock, 1 * 60 cases of gentlemen's boots, consisting of— Calf Wellington boots ?! . . ' Goat do do . . I ® u ® Patent Bhort Wellingtons ? . Do oalf goloshed spring sides -?ven Do hide do do do m Terms at sale. 75 ea im9 - SATURDAY, 2Gth DECEMBER. ^ Preliminary Notice, A Great Bargain, And tjc A Good Opportunity. j0( B To the Industrious and Successful Classes in Mel- thi bourne, Geelong, Ballaarat, Bendigo, Ararat, up Dunolly, Castlemaine, Maryborough, Warrnam- - bool, Portland, and Port Albert, &c.; ii„ Sale of the f, ' ? BOWLING GREEN HOTEL, Z At the Railway Station, Little River, A LEXANDEit YOUNG and CO. (successors to — Stubbs arid Son) havo received , instructions his from the proprietor, Mr- Henry Nickless, to sell by Fn ; of public auotion, on the premises, on Saturday, 26th iven December, at one o'clock precisely (if not previously '17 disposed of by private contract, of whioh due notice JJ will be given), ' to and All those valuable freehold house and premises, Col known as dia kiea THE BOWLING GREEN HOTEL, me; At the Little River, with the grounds attached com- J prising 29 acreB. par Note. — The completion of the Geelong Railway is sur an event of no ordinary importance to the interests cba of the country and the convenience of the pnoplo. cba It has opened on the plains stretching via the Werri- to i bee, tbe Little River, and the beautiful Yo-Yangs, T and brought (lie two great rival cities into more adj- immediate relation. Dec Six times a day the trains pass and repass tbe the ? ? hotel, and six times a day will the good offices of the vest landlord be required to consult the taste of his cus- for tomerr, remembering that as the traffic increases so posi , . will his profits. T us- ^ea Salens are in course of formation, and the sale . Government lands all round the neighborhood are ' fast falling into the hands of a new and highly . respectable proprietary. Further r articulirs will be given of the house, im ' provements, .fee. A Terras liberal— 25 per cent, oash deposit, and tho residue at three, six, nine, and twelve months, boar ? ing 8 per cent interest. 'CI Refreshmp'ts will be provided for the company. Title guaranteed. 7 431 nesd ? ? ? ? ? ? ? A his PRELIMINARY NOTICE. ?ilc us- Moat Valuable City Property, Corner of Bourko s!roet aud Spring street, opposite ?! the New Houso* of Parliament. To be Sold by Order of Edward Courtney, Esq., m , Official Assignee. J°j{ A LEX AN DER YOUNG and CO. (successors to J\\. S'.ubbs aud Son) havu been favored with in- Tt 8tructiom from Edward Courtney, E«q., Official As- tbre I signee, .to submit to public competition, at their intei ' rooms, Queen street, on a day to be named in a future p; advertisement, unless sold by private contract. rooa All that very valuable city property at the corner of Bourke street and Spring street, containing CO - — feet frontage to Bourse street, aud 133 fee', to Spring _ street, on which is erected the White Hart Inn and To E several cottages. The order of the Government to concentrate all GO - . tho Public Offices on the Parliamentary Reserve will ' certainly give a great increase to the value of pro pcrty in this neighborhood, und will render the sites QJY iu Spring street the most desirable building allot- jo ments in the city of Melbourne. The attention of at tw capitalists, builders, and speculators is therefore especially directed to this opportunity of purchasing, an opportunity which cuu scarcely occur again, as there are very few properties with such advantages unoccupied, and ior sale, is For further particulars apply to the auctioneers, of 23 Queen street. 48 m ? : ? ? THIS DAY. Butter. HM. TURNBULL will sell by auction, on Fri _ ? day, 4ih inst., at twelve o'clock, 20 firkins Gould's Cork rose butter. In good order. , |s Terms— casb. 2 715, ^ THIS DAY. Rye Grass Seed. HM. TURNBULL will sell by auction, on Fri ? day, 4th inst., at twelve (.'clock, 100 bushels rye grass seed. Terms— cash. 2 715 THIS DAY. ? ? ° Maize. ' To Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. ^o WM. TENNENT and CO. are instructed to ? sell by auction, at their roo:nf, Collins street, on Friday, 4th inst., at half-past twelve QYJ o'clock, jo 600 bushels whole maize. Inst., A splendid sample, and in prime order and condi tion. Terms at sale. 74 3 ? ? — ? ? r THIS DAY. J For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. Entire cargo of the Dunsandle, From Calcutta. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers and Others, WM. TENNENT and CO. beg to announce ? that they have received instructions IVom the importers to dispose of by publio nucliou, at the Hobson's Bay Railway Station, on Friday, 4th i inst-., at twelve o'clock, . The entire cargo of the Dunsandle, from Calcutta, i consisting of — ? ? 2009 bags No, 1 Cossipore _ Eugar, 1 cwt each - ' T 3G00 do gram 3000 do J'atna rice 1272 saoks Calcutta cats. QYS More orTeES damaged, and to be slid for the be- IO ( nefit of whom it may concern at twe The auctioneers beg to call tho attention of the trade to the above sale. . No reserve. Terms at silo. 73 ? MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. To To Farmers. Market Gardeners, and Others. Desirable- Section of Land at Gardiner. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received QYM ? instructions to sell by auction, at their kJ tl rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 7 th December, at inst., a twelve o'clock, Ten s ores of land, beautifully situated near tho Govern ment reserve and the Gardiner's Creek, being allotment 153, parish of Prahran, at Gardiner. - For further particulars p.nd directions to view tho properties, and for plans of same, apply to the auc tioneers The; attention of parties requiring suburban allot ments 13 specially called to this sule. Now that the Suburban and Brighton Railway Bill is passed, the value: cf laim io this locality is greatly enhanced. Title- one remove from the Crown, Terms liBeral, at Bale. 70 jsdica 6p auction. ? MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. To Parties in Search of a Really Superior Buli Site. Land Fronting Carlton Gardens, Victoria-pare For Positive and Unreserved Sale. A Moat Desirable Investment. FE. BEAVER' nnd CO. are in receipt o, ? struotions from the proprietor to cause t sold by publio auction, on the ground, on Mod 7th inst., at eleven o'clock precisely, All that valuable and most beautifully situ piece or parcel of land situated in (he city of bourne, having a frontage of 25 t cet to Nicho! street by a depth along a reserved road or w& feet wide, of 6S feet, to another reserved roai feet wide. In calling attention to the sale of the above jerty, the auctioneers deem it scarcely necos 0 point out to parMes desirons of building, -resent and daily increasing value of propertj his locality. The title to the above property iB unex ionable. The terms will be as follows : — One-third cn ine-third three months, one-third six months, b ag interest, nnd secured on the propert' . 7 TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER, 'ive Substantial Two-storeyed Houses and Lane Dunmore place, between Little Collins street Bourke street, near the Houses of Parliament, 'or Positive 'and Unreserved Sale, the Proprie Leaving the Colony. C! E. BEAVER and CO. are favored with posit \- ? instructions from Robert King, Esq., who laving tho colony, to cause to be sold by put iction, at their rooms, 36 Collins Btreet west, ueeday, 8th inst., at eleven o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, situate in the c ' Melbourne, having a frontage of 44 leet 9 incl 1 Dunmore-place (loading from Bourke street ittle Collins street), by a depth of 61 feet, and hich is erected five substantial two-storeyed hous iw producing a rental of £250 per annum. The above valuable property is situate near t stern end of Bourke street, in the rear of the Pi ;t»nt Hall, and contiguous to the Houses of Pa iment. The auctioneers most respectfully solicit tbeatte in of parties (desirous of investing in this desiraV jality) to the above property, whioh is placed ;ir hunda for positive aud unreserved Bale, ai on tbe following terms, p'z. : — One-third cash deposit, one-third by acceptance :ee months, one-third by acceptance at six month iring interest tt 8 per cent, per annum, and secun on the property. Title perfect. 72 TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER, fe Acres of Land at Moorabbin, adjoining Dendj : Special Survey. I E. BEAVER and CO. are furnished wil ? instructions from tbe proprietors to earn be sold by publio auction, at their rooms, i llins street west, on Tuesday, 8ih inst,, hum tuly after the sale of property near the Parlii at Houses. U1 that piece or parcel of land situate in th ieh of Moorubbiu, and containing by ndmes ement five acres, having a frontage of fou ins ninety-five links to a Government road, on in wide by a depth of ten chains twelve links a road forty feet wide. 'he above property is portion of section No 61 lining the weU-known Bpecinl survey known a idj's, and is situute abou-i eight miles fr r oily, and presents a good opportunity for ic tmeut, either to speculators lor sub-division o private suburban residences, from its churmir:. ;tion and comn anding an extensive view. ermB exceedingly liberal, declared at time o ? ? . ? ' 22 419 WEDNESDAY, Oth DECEMBER. The Cream and Priue of St. Kilda. llotment in Gray street, close to the TerminuB. For Positive Sale, The Proprietor Leaving the Colony. E. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sole ? by public auction, on the ground, on Wed lay, 9th inal., at' one o'clock, II that piece or purccl of land, situate at SI la, having a frontage of 40 feet to Gray street t depth of 130 feet to a right-of- way 20 fee be above very valuable and desirable pieoe o i is situate near the sen, and close to the Ituilwa1 ninus, is most delightfully situated, and ma' and justly be called The Cream aud Pride of St! Kilda. irmH liberal — viz., one-third cash, one-thirc e months,' one-third six months, with bant rest. -t further particulars of title, &o.;, apply at the is ot the auctioneers, 3-i Collins street weEt. ? ? ? ? 72_ THIS DAY. larthenware Dealers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Urates and Hogsheads Well Assorted Earthen ware. Ex Brewster. MONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 4th Inst., ?elve o'clock, 10 hhds breakfast cups and saucers, blue printed . 4 crates plates, assorted, 10, 8, 7, and fi iuches, dove lucerne 3 do dishes, cover dishes, soup iureens, &c.; 2 do breakfast enps aud saucers, assorted patterns 1 do jugs in sets, assorted 3 do blue printed chambers 3 do chambers, plain 3 do ewers and basins, pressed and plain 5 do chambers, C. C. 3 do ewers and basins, b'ue printed 1 hhd metal-covered jugs, assorted patterns 10 cratea plates, 1 0, 9, 8, and 7 inch, willow pattern 6 do meat dishes, 1G, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, do 3 do baking dishes, 12, 11, 10, 9 Inch do 3 hhds breakfast sets, china, gold edge and line Also, 3 caseB squat champagne glasses. Terms liberal, declared at sale. 73 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Others. Bottled Ale, Porfer, Wines, Spirits. &a.; IONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 7 th at twelve o'olock, 500 casks Morice, Cox and Co.'b Btout 200 do ByaBs's ale and porter 150 do Whitbread's Bt'out, each 4 doz£n 50 do Allsopp's ale, bottled by Friend 40 do Trunuu'e stout 101) cosea champagne 5 hhds. Scotch whiskey 5 qr.-casks do 30 do old torn 400 cases Swaine, Boord, and Sir R. Bur nett's do 10 hhds,. rum 50 cases Stoughton's bitters i 5 hhds. Graham's port wine 8 hhds. and 8 qr.-ousks Burdon's and Gor don's sherry Terma at sale. 75 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER, o Wine Merchants, Publicans, and Others. 60 Hh Is. Prime Ale. Without Reserve. IONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales, Room, on Monday, 7th inst., Ive o'clock, To close accounts. CO hhds. prime ale. Terms at fnle. 75 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. Grocers, Provision Merchants, and Others. Cumberland Bacon. Preserved Meats. Anchovy and Bloater Paste. &c.; ONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at le Commercial Sales -Room, on Monday, 7 th t twelve o'olock, 300 buxes Gibb's London soap 30 casks currants 30 do preserved meats and soups 10 do anchovy and bloater paste f 10 cases arrowroot 50 do sardines 200 do salad oil, French 75 do do do. Morton's 2'jQ boxes Belmont candles 150 do Hale's do 2U0 do Apollo do 10 cases fine Bait, Iu bags, &o.; j ? Terms at sale. . 75 ' Sales tig auction. POSTPONED UNTIL TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER. Iding To Coachbuildera, Timber Merchants, Speculators, . and Others. ids. Important Sale of Valuable Leasehold City Pro perty, together with Steam-engine ana other Machinery. f in- OYMONS and PERRY have received, instruc 0 be lo tions from the proprietor, to sell by auction, iday, on the premises, Bouverie street, North Melbourne, Dear Victoria parade and Elizabeth street, on Tues ated day, 8th December, at eleven o'clock sharp, Mel The unexpired lease, having about 1 tif years to Ison- run, of two whole allotments of land, Nob. 16 and 17 y 12 of block 15, having a frontage of 132 feet to Bouverie d 12 street by a depth of 165 feet, on which are ereoted the pro- Union Sawmills and Union Stables.^ aary The above valuable property will be divided into the two lota. T in Lot No. 1. Hating a frontage of 66 feet by a depth of 165 Oep- feet, on which is erected a substantial two-storied stone and wood building, dimensions 73 x 23 feet, -sh ; containing a powerful steam sawmill, with all ma ear- chinery requisite for working in wood on the most '2 extensive scale. Also, Along with the above will be 60ld 1 I, in 1 circular saw-bench, and 11 saws ' and l power morticing machine 1 1 wheel plate 1 'tor l jig saw j 1 tenoning and boring machine, with saws for 1 ivo cross-cutting ' ' 1 is 1 large plane, for squaring all sizes to 20 ' ?lie inches. I on Thero iB also a large wooden building on the above piece of land, size about 40 feet x SO, which ity is now let to a blacksmith, at a rental of 35b. per - les week. to Lot 2. 1 on Having a frontage of 66 -feet by a depth of 165 es, feet, on which is ereoted stabling for fifty horses, also a cottage and sto.e, the whole of which is now ai he let at the rental of 61 per week, and is held under ro- leaBe by the present tenant, having about seventeen ?r- mouths to ruu. tr TermB liberal, declared at sale. d- -11- ' The above lease ia subject to au adjustment of -Je rent at the end of every five years, and the tenant, — in at the expiration, is entitled to remove all improve ad ments from the land. n The auctioneers beg to call (he attention of the I at trade' and capitalists to the above Bale, the lease is,, being of a most valuable description. 72 , ed ? ? le WEDNESDAY, 9th DECEMBER. Lb To Captains, Ship-owners, and Others. ga 'g Unreserved Sale of the First-class Brig e- HIGHLAND LASSIE. Tt Q YMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at tbe -r- -0 Commercial Salea Room, on Wednesday, 9th y e inst., at twelve o'olock, n The first-claBs bi ig r, lr HIGHLAND LASSIE. 0 c 0 179 363-3500 tons re jister, British built, carries a very 5- large cargo on a light draught of water, and ia well ' found iu every respect ; baa two suits of sails, oue £u| ?i suit almost now. She can be sent to sea without jn 8 any expense watever, she Laving pievious to this ' a present voyage been thoroughly overhauled and new , l* coppered, and is without excepliou one of the best * „ r crafts employed in the colonial trude. f)l, S Terms liberal, declared at sale. r„r Her inventory, which is a v - y complete one, can , ' , s'ien at tin rooms of tlie ' au---i--aoer* 74 MONDAY, 13th DECEMBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Specu lators, and O i hers. Unreserved Sale ? of 'Valuable Property, situated at Maryborough, ond known as the j Golden Age Hotel. Iu the Insolvent Estate of ,F. J. Filzpatriclc. rpQ By Order of the Official Assignee, E. Courtney, Esq SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions Tl from the Official Assignee, E. Courtney, Esq., ' to sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, ;ng * ou Monday, 13th inst., at twelve o'clook, Qa \- If not previously deposed of by private contract, p'c . All that piece or parcel of land, containing by / admeasurement 1 rood, be the same more or less,' ber situated in the county of Talbot, parish Of Mary- vjsi 1 borough, being ullotment 5 of section 16. . jn t . ? Also, -, - the . All that piece or pircel of lnnd, containing by |an k admeasurement 31 perches, situated in tbe county of (be; ' Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allotment 9 of b0u Section 15. ? bea Also, the All that piece or parcel of land, containing by ^ait I admeasurement 1 roou 2 perohes, situated in the line county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being al- par lotment 8 of section 15. to t Also, the All that piece or parcel of land, containing by Wes , ndmensurement 1 rood 8 perches, situated in the fact county ot Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allot ment 10 ot section 15. om Together with ? buil All tbe buildings erected thereon, consisting of a large \?oo den building of about 14 rooms, and known as the JE.T Golden Ago Hotel, a su situated on the main line of road to the diggings. |0 t There is tilt'O stabling ereoted for about 20 or 30 roa( horses ; also k5tchen, aud other outbuildings, and a Cenl very spacious Whi Bar and Theatre, t and the hotel is noy doing a firstrate business. tbre The above hotel a ud laud will be put up to auction Und with tbe whole of Ihtr stock-in-trade, furniture, &c.;, also to be taken at a valuation, jf wished, by the pur- tree chaser. T! Terms liberal, declared at sale. dab Tho auctioneers would wisji to call the attention fiaiB of capitalists, publicaus, and others to the above fee* desirablo opportunity for possessing a very lucrative flovr1 concern either as au investment, or for the man of (iiat business to soon realise a competency. aji t Titlo clear. 25 419 u ? — — ? ? ? wert TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. can To Persous Seeking Investments, Market Gardeners, apL Newly-ariived Immigrants, aud Others. Valuable Allotment, of Land, 3 Acres 3 Roods 14 Tt Perches, Situated iu the Pansli of Prahran, six u Close to tbe Mount Erica Hotel. teres CI YMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the N. O Commercial Sales Room, on Tuesday, 22nd direc Deocmber, at twelve o'clock, a kIii By Order of the Mortgagee, Kew All that piece or parcel of land, situated, lying, and being. iu the parish of Prahrun, in the county of Bourke, colony ot Victoria, being part of portion No. 44, of the said parish of Prahran, and containing by Sale admeasuremeut 3 acres 3 rooda 14 perches, be tho ^ same a little more or less, commencing at a point on TX7 the southern boundary line of said portion No. 44. Tt five chains west from the south-east corner or atigle 31 Q of said portion No. 44, aud running from thence four AI chains west, then by a liae at right angles to the last Brigl line running north nine chains and sixty links, then paria by a line at right angles to the last line running east four chains, and then by a line at right angles to the Thoj latt liee running south nine chains nnd sixty links to two 1 the commencing point Terras liberal, declared at sale. 4 a The above valuable block of land offers an oppor- tage iunity to persons seeking such a piece which seldom or. very rarely occurs, and the auctioneers would ad- 5 a vise intending purchasers to inspect the land and cotta judge for themselves of its value, situated as it Is F within a few minutes walk of the St Kilda Railway Terminus. Title unexceptionable. 24 419 THIS DAY. tfnre ? Dudgeon v. Croft. ^ In the County Court of Bourke. the Ft. Fa. ^ UNDER and by virfuo of an execution directed to Qu th me, I shall cause to be sold, ou Friday, 4th verti| inst., at one o'clock in the foreuoou, at D'Arcy's A1 Hotel, Swanston street, in*c All the right, tide, and interest (if any), of the |ront above named defendant, in aud to all that, piece or 140 fl parcel of laad, situate in the parish of Jika Jika, in the oounty of Bourke, colony of Victoria, having a Bowl frontage to Elizabeth street, in the city of Melbourne, cen,b of 22 feet, and numbered 69 and 73, being part of block 13 of said city. chase Dated this 26th day of November, A.D. 1857. 'hey CORNELIUS MULCAHY, °PP01 County Court Officer. Terms— cash. .4 715 ? menti [ Sales fij) Jiuction. ? MONDAY, 13th DECEMBER. To Newly-arrived Immigrants, Speculators, an Others. Unreserved Sale of Household Property and Bu ing Allotments, situated at Richmond. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at Commercial Sales Room, ou Monday, 13th ii Without any reserve. All that piece or parcel of land situated at Ri mond, and bounded on the north by Swan str bearing east 202 feet C inches, on the east by a r 20 feet wide, bearing south 513 feet 6 iucbes, on south by other part of the said portion, bearing * 202 feet 6 iucbes, nnd on the west by the sectio line, bearing north 513 feet G inches to tbe cc mencing point. Together with The buildings erected thereon, consisting of t comfortable and well-built brick houses, of f- rooms each, having a frontage to Swan street, Ri mond. Also, Four two-roomed wood buildings, and stabling : about (en horses. Terms liberal, declared at sale. The above land is now being surveyed and st divided, and a plan of the property will be on vii it the rooms of the auctioneers iu a few days, the meantime, the auctioneers would w.ish intend! purchasers to inspect the property, as it is one the best properties now left unsold in Swnn strei laying as it does high and dry, and the streets i nade and metalled. Persons seeking an allotme 0 build upon should not lose sight of the above o -ortunity, as the property is to be . Positively sold to the highest bidder. Title unexceptionable. 72 AUCTIONEERS' NOTICK fTITHEATLEY and BLISS, Auctioneers, Land ai T T Estate Agents, 31, Queen street. Out-door sales effected of cargoes, merchandisi ad furniture. Mortgages negotiated. Properties or houseB sold or let by private cor act, and the mauagement and care of estates ut ji-taken for absent or present proprietors. Melbourne, 28tb November, 1857. PUBLIC NOTICE. nHE subscribers beg to notify that they havi L commenced business at 31 Queeu street, a ind and Estate Auctioneers, and invite public at ution to their advertisements iu the daily papers. ' ALFRED EDWARD WHEATLEY. ALFRED BLISS. Melbourne, 28th November, 1857. THIS DAY. Mulgrave. ,le of a 35-Acre Farm, in the Parish of Mulgrave adjoining the Mulptravo Arms. 1 Small Capitalists, Murket Gardeners, aud Others, Without Reserve. STHEATLEY and BLISS have received instruc V - tions to sell by public auction, at 31 teen street, on Friday, 4th December, at twelve :lock, Without reserve. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the rish of Mordialloo, being lot 3 A on the plan cf odivision, and forming part of section 2, contain ; by admeasurement Thirty-five acres. Fhis land is olose to the Mulgrave Arms, and has a intage to a Government road, and would answer i purpose of a small capitalist, to convert into a m or market garden. this property is partially fenccd in, and is for solute sale, and tbe title is perfect, and the Terms— cash. 71 THIS DAY. Kew. Near the Five Mile Stone from Melbourne, lie of Eight Acres of Freehold Cultivated Land, with a neat Four-roomed Briok House. Merchants, Capitalists, and Those in Search of a Delightful Rural Residence. THEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with V instructions from Mr James Crqxford, (remov ; to the Interior) to sell by public auction, at 31 eea street, on Friday, 4th December, at twelve lock, U1 that piece or parcel of land, being lots num ed respectively 16 and 17 on the plan and subdi Ion of portion No 83, in the parish of Boroondara, ,be county of Bourke, commencing at a point on western boundary line of the said portion, dis t 1,045 links north from the south-west corner reof, bounded on the west by part of the western ndary lice of the said portion, beiug a line ring north 10 chains; on the north by a road of width of seventy-five links, reserved out of the I portion, being u line at right angles to the last i, bearing east eight chains; on the east by other t of the Baid portion, being a Hue at right angles lie last line, bearing south ten chains ; and on south by, other part of said portion, bearing t eight chains to tbe commencing point, being in ' Eight Acre?, . vhich is erected a newly and most substantially A Four-roomed Brick Cottage, Stable, and Out-buildings, his property is one of the most desirable for iburban residence now In the market. It is close he five-mile stone on tbe Kew and Heidelberg Is, and adjoins Mr Ritchie's fence, and is adja t to the cottages of Captain Sinclair and Edwd. itby, Esq. he land is on a gentle slope, and is divided into e paddocks, cleared and fenced, with six aores er crop, now in course of cutting; there ia half an acre of garden, well stocked with frult s. lie cottage is newly built of briok, with veran und slate roof, spouted and exceedingly well bed inside. There Is also a briok tank, fifteen in depth by seven fee t in the clear, into which a the pure water from the slate roofed cottage, creates !in inexhaustible supply— indeed, is full he year round. le auctioneers, on inspection of this property, i so much pleased with tho entire lot, that they with confidence iuvite the most fastidious to ride and view the same without fear of creating dis -intmcnt to intending purchasers. Title perfect and guaranteed, Tins— Half cash ; balance' by bills at three and uouths ; the last bill to bear ten per cent, in !t. # B^ — Mr O'ShaugneFsy. at the Kew Hotel, will :t to the spot, which is on the r'oad on the right, ort distance from the five-miltf atone on the road. CG PRELIMINARY NOTICE. South Biighton. of Cottage Property and Land on the Cf.reat Vesteru Port Road, close to the Plough Inn. 'HEATLEY aud BLIaS have beeu favored witi' instructions to sell by publio auction, at ueen Btreet, on an early day, 1 that piece or parcel of land situate at South . lton, on the Great Western Port Road, in the h of Moorabin, containing in all 9 acres, Together with jbttages thereon ereoted, which will be sold in otB, viz.,— Lotl. crcs, more or lesB, including five-roomed col and cut-buildings. Lot 2. f icres, more or less, with substantial five-roomed ge, stable, and outbuildings. 'urther particulars in future advertisements ? 71 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Merchauta, Capitalists and Others. { served Sale of 16 of the most Desirable Build ; Allotments in St. Kilda, situated next the iperty of Matthew Harvey, Esq., from which iy are separated by a private road. | HEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with instructions to submit to public auction, 0 ground, on a day to be named in future ad =ements, 1 those sixteen pieces or parcels of land, situate lare street, St. Kilda, having respectively a ( age of 50 leet by depths varying from 138 to i set. t ese allotments are the property of Mr Jeremiah j es, and will be sold about the middle of De- c er next. i e auctioneers would invi'e intending pur- t -ra to examine these properties, inasmuch as afford those in search o( villa residences an rtunity of securing some of the most valuable in or near St. Kilda. c 11 particulars will appear in future advertise k 3. i&alcg; fejt? auction. MONDAY, 71 h DECEMBER. d South Yarra. Sale of that Elegant Brick Family Residence known as South Yarra Lodge, now in the Occupation of tbe owner, Dr Barry. To the Merchants, Legislators, and the Elite of the Victoria. iBt., -ttthEATLEY and BLISS have been favored . , I f V with instructions from Dr Barry, to submit to icl-- public competition, on the premises, Eicuate at the eey I corner of Caroline street, and the Gardiner's Creek I Road, on Monday, 7th December, at twelve o'olock, . All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage r , to the Gardiner's Creek road of 110 feet (more or nal less) by a depth of 150 feet to Caroline- street, oa -m' I which is erected an elegant and ' well-built Brick Residence, now in the occupation of Dr Barry. wo The Land 3'r ia a corner allotment, situate ia that fash! jnabla ch* aud seleot suburb South Yarra, witkin a walk of Toorak, the sea, St. Kilda, and Melbourne, being , I only two miles from Prince's Bridge. f°r I The Dwelling.house is detached and exceedingly well built of brick in a gothic style, with slate roof, has a eolid blttcstone ib- foundation, and is exquisitely finished inside. It aw contains ten lofty well proportioned rooms, together In with detached kitchen, coach-house, stable, poultry ng yard, underground cellar, &c.; of I The Garden 3t, |g one of the best arranged in the colony, and con ill tains some of the choicest flowers and plants that nt I the taste and judgment of the present owner conld p- 1 seleot. I The property baB on one side tho residence of Captain Kay, and that of the Rev. Mr Guinness oa I the other, and is in the immediate neighborhood of _ I the residences ol most of the priuoipal gentry. ? I The auctioneers feel it utterly impossible to re 1(j present to the publio in an-.adyertisement the ad I mirably compact and commodious nature of this a I valuable property as a residenoe for a fashionable ' I family ; and would therefore earnestly impress upon I any desirouB of testing the truth of their assertions, I at once to apply for a card to viflw the interior and i- judge for themselves. I The property is for absolute sale, as tbe owner is I removing to a Bmnller residence. Title— guaranteed. Terms very liberal, to be declared at sale. . . Cards to view, oan be obtained of the auctioneers, ® I 50 Chancer y lane ; or from Mr A. E. Wheatly. Es _ tate Agent, Queen Btreet. 58 TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER. I North Melbourne. Sale of Freehold Land and Cottage Property in Villiers street, North Melbourne, near the Flem ington Road. \IT HEATLEY and BLISS have received instruo T V tions to submit to public competition, on tho premises, situate in Villiers street, North Mel ' I bourne, on Tuesday, 8th December, at one o'olock. ' All that piece or parcel of laud, having a frontage to Villiers street of 36 feet, by a depth of 82 feet to . Vale street, with a right of way 12 feet wide iu the rear, oa which are erected I Two well-finished slate roof weatherboard cottages, one containing four rooms (now in the occupation I of the owner), the other containing three rooms, let , at j61 per week ; with a four-stalled stable in the \- rear. ; This property is situate in a highly valuable part of the rapidly ad vaniing district ofNorth Melbourne, is within a few feet of the Flemington road, and to any one wishful of investing in property that cannot ! fail to ensure a good return this would be found an excellent opportunity. Title unexceptionable. Terms — half cash, balance by bill at three months. ? 65 THIS DAY. Household Furniture. I 'VJ' KINSMAN has recoived instructions to sell Xl ? by auction, on the premises, 106 Latrobe street west, near the Exhibition Building, on Fri day, 4th inst., at ten o'clock, The whole of the household furniture, consisting of — Elegant sofa, easy, rocking, and hair-Beated chairs, cedar cheffonier, ' loo table , ? ? chimney-glass in gilt frame, iron foui- ? post and French bedsteads, ced»r dres sing-tables aud washstands with ware, bath, palliasse, hair mattrass, carpi; ts, clock, papier maclie table, ornaments, plated ware, china and , glass, Amorioan stove, culinary and kitchen requisites, &c.; \- N. KINSMAN, valuator, house and land agent, 74 Collins street we :-t, and 3 Moor street, Colling wood. 75 THIS DAY. Preliminary Notice. Freehold Property, Collingwood. KINSMAN baB received instructions to sell ? by auction, on the respective grounds, on Friday, 4th December, at twelve o'olock, Lot 1. A four-roomed two-storey bluestone house, 33 feet frontage to Rose street by 100 feet deep. Lot 2. Two briok cottages of two rooms eaoh, S3 feet frontage to Rose street by 100 feet deep. Lot 3. Kerr street, near George street. An allotment, 33 feet frontage by 80 feet deep. Sale at one o'clock. Lot 4. A four-roomed brick cottage, with shop front, 33 feet frontage to Oxford street by 93 feet deep, with a two-roomed weatherboard cottage at the rear, situate near Stanley street. Lot 5. . Two brick cottages, two rooms each,1 with .weather board at the rear, stable and out-houses, 33 feet frontage to Cambridge street by 93 feet deep, near Stanley Btreet. 1 Sale at two o'clock. Lot 6. ? Two weatherboard cottages of. three rooms each, s with an allotment 06 feet, frontage to Cromwell street by 125 feet deep, situate near the Willow Tree, East Collingwood. Sale by N. KINSMAN, Valuator, House and Land Agent, 74 Collins stieet west, . and 3 Moor street, Collingwood. 15 010 THIS DAY., In the Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria. ' Fi. Fa. Dunn v. Carroll. Lynch v. the Same. 'XTOTICE is hereby gives that : the Sheriff for the I- Colony of Victoria, will cause to bo sold by public auction, at Cbanter's Turf Hotel, Swaustou Btreet, on Friday, 4th inst., at twelve o 'a look, at noon, , The interest of the defendant in and to — _ 1 bay gelding 2 mares G cows and calves. ' Unless these executions be previously satisfied. Terms— cash, on the fall of the hammer. C. W. STUART. Sheriffs' Office, Melbourne, December 2nd, 1857. 41 715 SATURDAY, 19th DECEMBER. In the Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria. Fi. Fa. Cairos v. Robertson and Another. NOTICE is hereby given that the Sboriff for the Colony of Victoria will cause to be sold by public auction, under the Above writ, at Chanter s, Turf Hotel, Swanston oa Saturday, the ! 19tu day of December next, at the pf twelve o elocK, &t; noon, ^ f fViA All the right, title, and interest (if or above named defendants, in and to all tbat plow. * parcel of land in the Colony of Victoria, contain!^ by admeasurement 74 acres, be the same more or less, situate in the County of Mornington, parish of Connella, portion 43. And also, all tfiat piece or parcel of land in the said Colony, containing 78 acres, more or less, in the above named county and parish , portion 44. And also, all that piece or parcel of land in tbe said ColoDy, containing by admeasure ment 74 acres, more or lesa, iu the above named sounty and parish, portion 59. And also, All that piece or parcel of land in the said Colony )f Victoria, containing by admeasurement S20 acres, ;e tbe same more or less, situate ia the said county )f Mornington, parish of Woolamai, portion 25. And iIpo, all thfit piece or parcel of land in the. said sounty of Mornington, containing by admeasare neut 475 acres, be the same more or less, situate in. -he parish of Moorrooduc, portion 13. (Unless this execution be previously satisfied.) . - Terms— cash on the fall of the hammer. C.W.STUART. Sheriff's Office, Nov. 17th, 1857. .41 042 nov 19 27 deo 4 11 