Sales by Auction. MONDAY, 4th JANUARY, 1858. Important Sale of Valuable City and St. Kilda Freehold Property. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. Eden Terrace, St Kilda, and Stores in Bourke-street east. SYMONS and PERRY are favored with instructions from Mr. Thomas Edens, who is about proceeding to England, to submit to public competition, at their new auction, mart, Collins-Street, on Monday, 4th January, 1858, at The Undermentioned Freehold Properties : Lot 1. All that newly-orected and yaluab'o proporty, situated in Dalgety-street, St. Kilda, known as EDEN TERRACE, ConsisUngofoightsubstantiallybulltandgonteol family resldoncos, each containing ton commodious apart monta with B0°d briok-built stable, coachhouso, hay- loft and groom's aloeping-room, the wholo having a Torindsh at the front and back, and thoroughly woll \- finished in over} respect. Dimensions of land-200 foot frontage by a depth of 360 foot to a right-of-v, ay. These houBoa aro at prosont all under lease to respec- table tononta, and producing an oggrogato rental of JBP ooo por annum, which will bo considerably in- creased at tho oxpiratlon of tho oxUting leases-explr Irnr in about three months. " Lot 2. AU thal piooo or parcel of land, having a f rontago of 120 foot to Dalgoty- streot, by a depth of 160, Imme älateb adjoining the above-mentioned property. Together with A comfortablo iron houso, oroctul on tho samo ; tho land being laid out as a garden, and woll-atookod wlih choleo fruit treea of various klnda, as well as flowors und shrubs. A considerable portion of tho purchaae money of fjieso lots may remain on tho mortgage for twoyoard, pti0po.ce.it. Lot3> , Bourko-atrcot Property. All thoso very recently and substantially-orectoi tenements, numborod 108 and 170 Bourko-stroot cast enoh having a frontago of 22 foot by a depth of ¡7 and 00 foot to a right-of . » ay at the rear No l63 Is at present occupied by Messrs. Roper and JSem, and No. 170 Is divided into two tenomonta, tho whole producing an annual rental of £1,040. ' Title Unexcoptlonublo. ' In catling tho attention of the publia to this sale Ihn auotl moors request tho inspection of tho pro- perties by intending purchasers ; that at St. Kilda, fcinginoat delightfully situated ov orlooklng the Bay, In convenient proximity to tho Ballway Station, and surrounded by the residences of |tho] elite of ¡tab favored wntonng placo, which la being daily rendered moro onjoyablo by tho various public workB now lu Course ot co nplotlon. ' The Bouiko-atroot proporty nooda no comment tlio ¿lally Increasing traffic and budno-a in this partloular part of tho city bolng unmlatakeablo. Terms of payment may be known on application to |lic auotlonoors. 6319 WEDNESDAY, 23| d DECEMBER. ' To Nowly-arrived Immigrants, Speculators, and Others ; Land. L ind. Land. SYMONS and PERRY will soil ,bj auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 23rd inat, at twolvo o'clock, Twenty allotments of land, situate in the township of Newport, at the junction of the Saltwater and Yarra rivers. Six quartor aero nllotmonta, oaoh having a frontago 6100 foot to ffllliam- stroot Thoao lots aro boautlfuily Èntuated close to tho Grand Junction Railway. ' Six quartor-aoro lots to Oxford-street. Eight quartor-aoro lota to Johnston and Junction BtreetB. Torras Llboral, doolarod at Salo. 6348 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. I ¡To Spoculatora, Newly- Arrlvod Immigrants and Others JSUonsivo Sale of 132 Valuablo Building Allotments, at Quoonstown, near tho Saltwator Rivor. ÍJYMUNS and PERRY have received 5 instructions from tho owner to sell by auction, nttho Coininorcial Sales Room, on Tuesday, 20th inat,, at tircho o'clock, > All that valuable piece or parcel of land, being part creoctlon 7, parish of > Cut-Paw-Paw, and known as Queenstown. , On the Saltwater River, subdivided into convenient lots as follows : Lots Nos. 1 to 21 3Qave each frontages to streets 60 feet wldo of I lort, by a splendid depth of 140 feet. Lots Nos. 1,10, 33 ind 22 are valuablo corner lo ti, having frontages of CO feet, LotB 28 to 83 JIavo each frontogoa of 00 foot, by a depth of 182 feet. Lots 34 to 66 Juno each frontages of 00 foot, by a dopthof 140; |hero are also some valuable corner lota In thla blook. Lota 601« 00, Jla\ing each a frontago to Julla-sweot of 00 foot, by B depth of 182 foot. Lots 07 to 88 Each having a frontage of 00 foot to Lynch and Julia Blrcota, by a depth of 140 feet Lots 80 to 00, 1 Each having a frontago of 00 feet to Julla-Btroot, by a depth of 132 feet. Lots 100 to 121. Somo very vaiuabl» allotments, each having a fron- tage of 00 foot to L} noli mid Julia streots, by a dopth pf 140 feet, closo to the Saltwulor Uiver. Lots 122 tu 132 Each of thoso allotments liavo a frontago of 00 foot, bj a splendid doptli of 132 fed. Terms Llboral, declared at Sale. The auctioneers wish to call the attention of the public to the above favorable opportunity for pur- chasing proporty in such a very rapidly rising town- ship as the above, being situated close to the Grand Junction Railway Station, and close to the Punt Inn and the Punt, on the Salt- water River. The whole of the land is high and dry, and commands a splendid vlew of Melbourne, St. Kilda, Brighton, Williamstown, and all the surround- ing country ; and is situated within half an hour's drive of the Great Metropolis. With a capital macadamisud road the whole of the way. Titlo irst-rato. 6008 dool2 14 10 IO 21 28 20 28 20 WEDNESDAY, 23rd DEOEMBR. To Nurserymen, Amateur Gardeners, and Otbors. U ro orvod Salo of Splondld Pot Plants. SYMONS and PJh,RRY will sell by auction, at tho Commercial bales Room, on Wed- nesday, '¿(ni lust, at twelve o clock, A choleo collection of (lowers, in pots, consisting Of Roso», various, in bloom Fuchlas, do, do ' Geraniums, do, do Gani i r,las, calceolarias, hydrangeas, verbenas I Sweet scouted vorbonaa, musk, inyrtlo ' Baliims, NorfúlK Island pinos, Moreton Bay pinos, licuó elástica. , And, A quantity of others, too numerous to advortiso. Tonos-Cash. 8643 WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. | To Country Storokoopors, Grocers, Donlors, and Othora. . Extensivo Sale of Assortod Ollmon's Stores. I SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at tho Coininorcial Sales Roora, on V odnowlay, 23rd inat., at twelve o'clock, 86 cases Lacon middles . 476 boxes soerm candles 210 cases assorted jams 034 boxos London soap 14 caskB currants 12 do do 317 cases sardines 107 do Crosse and Blackwells salad oil. Torn» Llocral, ¿t Sale. 6313 WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. Io l'orrons Seeking Investments, Market Gardonors, Nowly-arri\ ed Immigrants, and Othors Valuablo Allotment of Land, 8 Acros, 8 Roods, - 14 Perches, Situated in tho Parish of Prahran, i Closo to tho Mount Eric i Hotel. , C YMONS and PERRY will soil by ?J auction, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on (IVcdnctday, 23rd December, at tuelvo o'clock, , , By Ordor of tho Mortgngeo. ¡ «til that pleeo or parcel of land, situatod, lying, anx Wing In tho parish of Prahran, in tho oounty of JUourko, colony of Victoria, being part of portion rio. Ü4, of tho sahl parish of Prahran, and containing by admeasurement 8 acros, 8 roods, 14 porches, bo Jtho samo a little moro or loss, commencing at a point en tho southern boundary line oí said portion No. 44, ii o chains west from tho south-oast cornor or anglo of tald portion No. 44, and running from thonoo four chama west, thon by a Uno at right anglcB to the last ame running north nlno chalnB and sixty links, thor»' Jiy a line at right- angloa to the last lino running oast four chains, and then by a Uno at rlght- anglds ¡to tho last Uno running south nino cliaiiiB and slxtj links to tho commenelng point, together with two ticatherboard cottages eroded on the samo. i Terms Liboral, Declared at Sale. j Tho abovo valuable block of land offers an opportu- nity to persons socking such a piece which seldom or icrj rarely occurs, und tho auotlonoors would advjso intending purchasers to luspoct the land and judge Tor themsc Ives of its vnluo, situated aa It is within a lew minutos' walk of tho St. Kilda Railway Terminus. Title Unoxeopllonable. ' 4890 doo 7 O 12 14 10 10 21 22 Footscray. Footscray. Footscray. . To Capitalists, Speculators, Merchants, and Others. Important Sale of 30 Quartor-Acre Lots In Hobbs's Pad- dock, close to the Great Junction Railway Station of the Mount Alexandor, Murray River, Williams- town and Geelong Railways, on the banks of the Yarra Yarra, 2½ miles from Melbourne. Without Reserve. SYMONS and PERRY have received Instructions to submit to public competition,!at the Commercial Salos Room on Wednesday, 23rd last., at t« elvo o'clock, ( > About 30 quarter-acro allotmonta In tho abrjve iUlng township. ' In offering thla proporty for unreservod salo tho auctioneers beg to draw tho attention of tho public to tho prlcos paid for land In thla township at tho laat Government land salo, showing tho Increasing «lemand for laud In this locality. { The Railway I »J Williamstown, Goolong, Mount Aloxandor, ano! ?Ballaarat passes through tito proporty, and the i Great Junction Railway Station i J'within a fow yardB of tbo land now offered for sala. It la delightfully situated for building residences, gjji commanding an extonsivo view of Melbourne, Williamstown, Hobson's Bay, St. Kilda, Brighton, »na surrounding country j while some of tho loti will ni » short time, when tho railway ia openod through oat, beeomo most valuablo for i ". Busuioss Purposes. / ' 'Una to be had at the rooms of tho auctioneers. , Titlo Unexceptionable. < Terms Liberal-DocIarBd at Sale. i 6140 deo 141818 U » M i. galas by JLKOUOB. WEDNESDAY, SSrd DECEMBER. To Publicans, Wine Merchants, and Othors. . ' 160 Hhds. Totley'a Yorkahlro Ale. SYMONS1 and PERRY will seU by auction, at the Commercial Sale« Room, on Wednesday, 23rd Inat., at twelve o'clock, 130 hhds. Tetley's Yorkshire ale. Guaranteed sound, full, and in prime condition. Terms Liberal, at Sale. j THIS DAY. i To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Pickles, Mustard, Sanees, Balad Oils. i ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO, (successors to Stubbs and San) will sell by suction, at their rooms, on Monday, 2lBt inat.j at eleven o'clock, ,, 16 cases, each 6 dozen J-lb. mustard I ' S do, do 4 do, 1-ib. do 12 do, do 0 do, i-pint aaucos , 10 do, de 3 do, quart pickles ' 10 do, do 0 do, ¿-pint salad oils. i To bo Sold to Closo Consignments. _Without Beaorvo._6338 THIS DAY. ~" Dunlop ChooBO, Butter, &c.; ALEXANDER YOUNG- and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction, at their rooms, Qucon- Btroot, on Monday, 21st inst,, nt eleven o'clock, 30 cases Dunlop cheese, in tins 30 firkins Gould's D K Cork butter. Guaranteed In splendid ordor and condition, and to be sold by order of tho consignees. ' _Without Reserve,_5388 THIS DAY. 1 176 Casks Byass's Alo and Porter. ' ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son) will soil,by auction, at their rooms, Quoen- stroot, on Monday, 21st inat., at eleven o'clock. Ex Guy Mannering, 76 casks Byass's stout, each 4 dozen ¡ 100 do do ate, eaob i dozon. Just landed, in One ordor and condition. I Terms at Sale._6B88 THIS" DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors. Mace, Sago, Cayenne ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and Son) wiH sell'by auction, at their rooms. Queen- street, on Monday, 21st inst., at oloven o'clock, I Ex Shah Jehan, 0 In diamond, N under, l8 cases mace. 0 In diamond, S under, ' 82 casca bott sago. O in diamond, E under, 26 cases cayonne pepper, _TermB at Sale._5388 THIS DAY. Por tho Benefit of all Concornod. Nutmegs. Nutmegs. I ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Bon) will soil by auction, at their rooms, Queen Btroot, on Monday, 21st lust, at eleven o'clock. ' Ex Schah Jehan, 10 casos nutmegs. To bo sold for the benefit of all concornod. _Without ReBOrvo._5333 THÏ8~DAY. Dovonshlro Cider. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (sncceisoru to Stubbs and Son) will self, by auction, at tholr rooms, Queen- street, on Monday, 21st inst., at elovon o'clock, I 60 casks, each 4 doz. Devonshire cider Just landed, in prime condition. I _Tonna at Sale. 5338 """" THIS DAY. To Grocors, Storokeopers, and Others. Spica», Pickles Saúcos, 4tc. ALEXANDER YOUNG and 0.0. (successors to StubbB and Son) will sell by auction, at their rooms, Quoon- Btroet, on Monday, 2lBt Inst., at eleven o'clock, . 5 cases mixed spices, 10-lb. tins , 20 casks plmonto, do 100 cases Whybrow'* quart vinegar 20 do salad oil, half-pints I 80 do do do, FoABt'a do ( 10 do assorted saúcos. _Full Particulars and Torms at Sale. 5333 THIS DAY. To Corn Dealers, Livery-Stable ¡Coopers, and Others. Oats. Oats. Oats. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son) will aelU by auction, at tholr rooms. Quoon- stroot, on Monday 21st Inst, at oloven o'clock, 1,200 busbola primo Danish oats 2,000 do Adelaldo bran. _Terms at Sale._5388 THIS DAY 20 Tons FatnaRtco. i ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction, at their rooms, Quoon- itroot, on Monday, 21st inat., at oloven o'clock, 20 tons Patpa rice. Terms at Salo. 6333 THIS DAY. 20 Oaaoa Prune Yorkshire Bacon. , ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son) will soil by auction, at their rooms. Queen- street, on Monday, 21st inst., at elovon o'clock, I 20 cases prime Yorkshire bacon. Just landed, in One ordor and condition, i Full Particulars and Torms at Sale. 5383 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. Elegant Christmas Presents. , To tho Patrons of tho Fino Arts, Famlllos in Quoat of Largo Mai bio and Agato Vases for Gardens, Halla, and Drawing Rooms. Extensivo Sale of Beautiful Agate and Marble Vasos, Statues, Statuettes, Fountains, Tabloa, Candlosticks, Furniture, Pianos, &o.; ' ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stulbs and Son) have boon favored with instructions to soil by auction, at tho »tores of Messrs. Mollonbaock Uhlhorn, and Co,, Bourke-streot west, opposite St Jainos's Schools, on Tuesday, 22nd Inst., at elovon o'clock, A very oxtonslvo and choice assortment of beautiful marblo vase», statues, statuettes, fountains, tabloa, candlosticks, tablo ornamenta, &c.; Also, An invoice of superior furniture, comprising secre- taires, chairs, pianos, tables, ofllco furniture, fancy flooring, tablots, paporhancliuja. Se. Terms at Sale. The auctioneers bog to call the attention of gentle- men building or laying out ornamental grounds to tho abovo opportunity of aoloctlng from a largo assort- ment of the most beautiful productions in marblo which have been seen in tho colony ; some of the vases aro of great ateo, and are copied from celebrated works of art in Droadon and Munich, and the smallor ones, for drawing-room ornaments, are of groat delicacy an! beauty. A luncheon will he provided. 631 SATURDAY, 28th DECEMBER. A Great Bargain, And a Good Opportunity. To the Industrious and Successful Classes in Mel- bourne, Geelong, Ballaarat, Bendigo, Ararat, Du- nolly, Castlemaine, Maryborough, Warrnambool, Portland, and Port Albert, &c.; Sale of the Bowling Green Hotel, At the Railway Station, Little River. ALEXANDER YOUNG and C0. (successors to Stubbs and Son) have received instructions from the proprietor, Mr. Henry Nickless, to sell by auction, on the premises, on Saturday, 20th inst., at one o'clock precisely (if not previously dis- posed of by private contract, of which due notice will be given), The Bowling Green Hotel, At the Little River, with the grounds attached, com- prising 29 acres more or less. The house was built expressly by Mr. Nickless for an hotel, and the arrangements are most convenient and suitable for a family trade. There are in all nine rooms in the principal buildings - viz., a large ball- room running the whole depth of the house, and of excellent proportions ; a first-rate bar- room, two par- lors, four bedrooms, and a bagatelle-room ; there is a kitchen in the rear of the hotel and two servants' rooms over it, two storerooms, stable, and shed, barn, fowl-house, pig-styes, hay-shed, &c.; The garden is partly laid out, with a bowling green or maze, and tastefully arranged flower-beds. The vineyard is very promising, and the vines will bear this year. The vegetable-garden is very productive, and the paddock has a most luxuriant crop of barley. The whole forming a very compact farm and family hotel. The completion of the Geelong Raliway is an event of no ordinary importance to the interests of the country and the convenience of the people. It has opened up the plains stretching via the Werribee, the Little River, and the beautiful You-Yangs, and brought the two great rival cities into more immediate relation. Six times a day the trains pass and repass the hotel, and six timos a day will the good offices of the land- lord be required to consult the tastes of his customers, rememberlng that as the traffic increases so will his profits. The Little River Station is within half an hour's ride of Geelong, and when the Railway is opened through to Melbourne (which will be in six months) it will be brought within an hour's ride of the metro- polis, and, from the great beauty of the neighbor- hood, there can be no doubt that the Bowling Green Hotel will become a very favorite resort for pic-nics and summer quarters for the gentry and tradespeople or the two principal cities of Victoria. Terms Very Liberal. One-third cash, and the remainder in bills at 3, 6, and 9 months, bearing interest at 8 per cent., or £1,000 might remain for two years at 10 percent- per annum. A Luncheon will be Provided. Melbourne purchasers must leave by the 8.43 train from Flinders -street. THIS DAY. " 20 Head Stock Hones for Sale. To 'Bus Mon, Dealers, and Othors. JL. LOBAN and 00. bog to . intimate that they will soil, at tho Molbourni Bale Yards, 20 Bourko-stroot west, on Monday, 21st inst, at eleven o'clock, 20 head seasoned stoek hones, the majority of willoh aro broken to harness, just off work, _and in fair condition. 322 THIS DAY. -~ Heavy Draught Horsofor Salo. ¡ To Draymon, Fanners, and Others. . J_L. LOBAN and CO. beg to intimate that they will sell, at their yards, £9 Bourka «treotwcstjOQ Monday, 21st inat, at devon o'olook, A hoavy draught horso, flvo years old, with a guarantooof SOcwt. 321 galts by -.notion I PUBLIC NOTICE. THE SUBSCRIBERS beg to notify X that they havo OOMMENOED BUSINESS at' 31 Queen-street as LAND and ESTATE A.UÇ II0NKE5S, and Invito publie attentlsTlto thdrad fortlsomonts in tho newspapers of this day. ALFRED EDWARD WHEATLEY. ALFRED BLISS. Molbourno, 28th November, 1857._OB* WHEATLEY and BLISS, Auction-, eers. Land and Estate Agents, 31 Queen Outdoor sales effcotod of cargoes, morohandlso, and furniture. , . Mortgages negotiated, and valuations mado, ana Çropertles or houses sold or let by private eontraot. ho management and caro of ostatos undertaken for absent or present proprietors. Melbourne, 28th November, 1S57-_035 AUCTION NOTICE, TO Hotelkeepers and Publioans. - ALFRED BLISS (of Wheatley and Bliss, estate and furnituro auctlonoors), 81 Queon-atroct, still con- tinuos to negotiate tho Sale and TranBfor of Hotel and Fnbllc-HouBo Proportlos, and to act as Furniture and Stock-ln-Trado Valuator._ 086 AUOTION NOTICE. fino Furniture Importers and Private X Familie?.-Tho Undoraignod aro prepared to|SELL FURNITURE by publie auction, either at their Mart, 31 Queen-street, or on tho ownor'B promises, at the usual rate of commission. WHEATLEY and BLISS, Estate and Furnituro Auotionoors, 31 Quocn-stroet. _037 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER, Richmond. Sale of Land and Cottages. Property in Jamos-stroot, Richmond, at tho baok of tho Swan Hotol. To bo Sold In Thrco Lot«, to Suit Small Capitalists. For Absolute Salo, without the Loast Boflorve. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favorod with Instructions from J. Cameron, Esq., to submit to public competition, on the pro- mises, situate In James-street, ncor tho Swan Hotel, Richmond, on Tuoaday, 22nd inBt., at one o'clock, ' All that piece or parcel or land having a frontago of 104 foot, moro or leas, to Jamea-Btreot, oy a dopth of 80 fcotj on which aro orooted Two woll-bulltwoathorboardoottagos, oaoh contain- ing six roomB. ... . . ThiB property will be sold in throo lots, viz. : Lot 1, 00 feot frontage to Jamos-stroot, by a dopth of 48 foot, on which aro orcotcd two weatherboard cottages, with verandahs and stone foundations, each containing threo rooms. Lot 2, 00 foet frontago to a right-of-way 15 foot wido, by a depth of 42 feet, on which oro oroctod two weather- board oottagos, each containing throo rooms. Lot 8, 1 A building allotment (adjoining lot 1). havinsr a irontogo of 88 foot to Jamos-Btroot, by a dopth of 90 feot, with a 15 foot rlght-of-woy in tho roar. These cottages aro situate In JainoB-stroot, off Brighton-stroot, near tho Swan Hotol, and aro lota 46, 40, 47, and 48, on plan of subdivision of portion No. 3, in the parish of Jika Jika. Tho division Into threo lots Is to suit small capital- ists. Tho Wholo to bo Sold Without the Least Rosorve. ¡ Title Porfeot. Tomín-Half Cash, Balance by Throo Months Bills. 088 THURSDAY, 24th DECEMBER. North Molbourno. ' Salo of Land and Promlsos In Lothian-street, North Melbourne Gol ornment Allotment 2 of Sootlon 21 B, Govern- ment Roads on Throo Sides. With Resorvo. For Absoluto Salo, to CIoso Partnership Account. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with instructions to toll by public auction, on the ground, situate in Lothlan-streot, nearly opposite tho Constitution Hotol, on Thursday, 24th inst., at one o'clock. All that pieco or parcel of land, Bltuato in tho parish of Jika Jika, being Government allotment No. 2, of uetion 21 B, containing a frontago of 00 foot to Lothiaii-Btroot, by a dopth of 82 foot 6 inches, to an- other Government streoj of 33 foot, with another Go i ornment stroot in tho rear. To bo Bold in two lots, liz.: Loti. 36 foot' frontago to Lothlan-streot, by 82 foot 6 inohos in depth to a Oovornmont street B3 root wide, with another Government stroet in tho rear, ou which la erected that lor<p and substantially-built Wooden Houso, with Slato Roof, containing flvo rooms on the ground-floor, and tho upper --tory being as capablo of bolng mado luto as many moro. i Lot 2. A choleo building allotment, having a frontage of 81 feet to Lothlan-streot, by a depth of 82 feet t) inches, with a 33 feet stroot in tho roar. 1 ho cottogo lias rccontly undorgono ostensivo ropiir both inside and out, and has boon siato-roolcd, and is let nt £80 nor annum. The building allotment is one of a most desirable choractor. Iho oivnors of tho abovo property aro wishful to close nn outstanding partnership account, aud fed inclined to wind matters up at a sacrifloo, Titlo Guarantood. Tormi! HalfCish, balanco titree months. 0S9 WEDNESDAY, 80th DECEMBER. St. Kilda. Salo of Freehold Cottarro Properties and Small Allot; menta or Land in Faulknor-strcot, St. Kilda, _ Nearly Opposito tho St. Kilda Grammir School, and CIoso to tho Beach. To bo Sold In Four Lots, to Suit Purchasors. To Smill Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. For Absoluto Sale Without tho Least Itoson o. WIIEATLEY and BLISS have been favorod with instructions to sell (without tho lcnst reserve) at 31 Quoon- stroot, on Wednesday, 30th Inst. (immediately after tho sale of tho St. Kilda Grammar School), Tho following properties, in four lots, to ault pur- chasers: Loti. All tint ploco or parcel of land having a frontage of 26 foot to Faulknor- strcot, by a dopth of 82 feet, with a right-of-way down I the sidojof 10 root, on which Is erected a substantially bulli two story noathorboard i crondall cottage, containing six rooms, and now let nt ¿100 per annum. Lot 2. An allotment of land adjoining lot 1 containing 25 tcct frontago to Faulliner- stroot by a dopth or 82 loot, Lot 8. All that pleco or parcol of land haying a frontage of 25 loot to Faulknor- streot by a donth of 82 foot, oh which Is erootod a neat weatherboard cottage contain- ing; three rooms, and now lot at tho low ront of £30 per annum. Lot 4. An allotmont of land adjoining Lot 3, containing 26 foot frontago to Taulknor-stroot, by a depth of 82 feet. The abovo properties aro woll worthy the at' tntion of small capitalists and othors doslrous of investing near tho seaside ; and tho auctioneers hog to intimate that the wholo aro for absolute and unreserved sale. Tltlo Clear. Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, 80th DEOEMBCR. St. Kilda, noar tho Boich. Saint of tho highly i aluablo property known as tho St. Kilda Grammar School, at tho Corner of Ackland nnd Faulknor streets, now in the occupation Of Mr. W. O. Northcott. To Trustees, Capitalist-, and all Those Seeking to Invest Money to Roturn Good Intorost on Improving Property. For Absoluto Salo. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been honored with instructions from tho proprlotor to submit to public compotitlon (for absoluto solo), at 81 Qucon-strcct, on Wednesday, 30ch inst., at i twolvo o'olock, All that pieos or parcel of land situate, lying, aud being in Soutli Melbourne, at St. Kilda aforesaid, in tho county of Bourke, and bolng a portion of allot- ment No. 34, and being tho corner allotmont of Ack- land and Foulknor atreots, and containing 41 feet frontago to Acltland-stroot, by a dopth of 100 feet to Faulkland streot, on which oro erected those valuablo Brick Stuccood Promlsos now In tho occupation of Mr. W. C. Northcott, and Liiow n as Tho St. Kilda Grammar School. Tho lind Is nf tho most improving and valuablo elm rnctir, Is situato at tho corner oftwo Important stroots, and Is w thin a fow foot of tho Boach and tho Royal Hotel. Tho houso l8 built of brick, stuccoed, with a et'ino foundation : It contains In all twenty-one rooms, all oxcollontly flnlsliod inniclc, two collara, and has a voi andah and balcony, from which thoro Is a view not to bo Miirpissod in Victoria ; thoro Is also a weather bo ii ii building In the rear, 68 root in length by 14 feot in \i ililli, now UBod as a dining-room for tho scholars, together with stabling, hoy loft, and a brick comente 1 tank of nlno-lnoh work, 12 feot 0 inches in doptii by IO foet ¡n the oloar. _hfa very valuablo freehold is lot on lease from tho 1st January last for four years, to Mr. W. O. North, colt, at a yearly rental of -800, payoblo quartorly. To ti únteos or capitalists on the look-out for asjfe and handsomo lnvostmont this would bo found ono that would payo most remunerative rate of intorost, and would bo moro valuablo as a freehold at the expi- ration of the term. . Tho Wholo to bo Sold Without Rosorve, Titlo Unexceptionable. Torms-Cash. For furthor particulars apply to tho Auctioned s, 31 Qucon streot. WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. Grocery Store, at 78 Rowcna-parado, Richmond. HA. COFFEY bas been favored with n Instructions from tho proprietors to Beilby auction, on the premises, 7$ Rowcna-parado, Rich- mond, on Wodnosday, 23rd Inst., at one o'Mock, Iho Btock-ln-trado, goodwill, fixtures, i.e., of,this nell known establishment, well stocked with Groceries Wines Oilmen's Btoros Boors, _c, ice. Without tho Sllghtoat Bcacrve. _Terms-Cash,_200 WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. Wreck Schooner ROSEBUD. Hall of Coramorco, Colllns-stroot, Without Reserve, to tho Highest Bidder, For the flonollt of Whom It may Concern. HA. COFFEY has been favored with . instructions to soil by auction, at the Hall of Commerce, Oolllns-Btrcot, on Wednesday, 23rd inst,, at eleven o'clock, Tho Schooner ROSEBUD, as sho now iles wrecked on the boach at Mount Martha. Sho was built at Whitby (England), of o_k, aud substantially put together, and is considered not chavo rocdvod very muoh damage To bo Bold, with all faults, as clio now Iles, to titi highest biddon Tonns-Oash on the fall ol tho ham-or, (M Sale« by Auotlon. WEDNESDAY, 23rd DEOEEMBER. Copper. Muntzs Metal. Snittanoe to Europe, the East Indies, or China. A. COFFEY has been favored . with instructions to sell by auotlon, at the Hall of Commerce, on Wodncaday, 28rd hist.,, at cloven o'olock, I The sheathing just taken from the hull of two abipa in tho Williamstown Floating Dry Dook, hammered all ready for packing. I _i Tcrma at Sale._202 "~ WEDNESDAY, 28rd DECEMBER. ' " B3 Hall of Commerce, Colllns-Btroot. i Superior Cutter-rigged Pleasure Yacht. , Do du Pinnace. I To Watermen, Fishermen, and Qentlemon requiring a a Really Superior Boat. HA. COFFEY has been favored with . Instructions to soil by auction, at tho Hall of Commorco, Colllns-stroot, on Wednosday, 23rd last,, at eleven o'clock, ' A superior outtcr-rlgged yacht, , Eight tonB burthen, i Copporod and copper faatenod, built on the newest construction, comprising all tho Bafe qualities of the life-hoat with tho fino linos necessary to inauro fust sailing. Her outfit is very oomploto, including a per- fect suit of sails, rigging, &o.; The Pinnace Is also a very oxeoltent boat, is cutter-rigged, sails very fast, and is a safo and excellent littlo sea-boat, woll adapted for Ashing or pleasure partios. Tcrma-Cash._58 WEDNE3DAY, 23rd DECEMBER. ' At Eleven o'Clock. ' Al Ten Years British-Built Brig. Colebrated Clipper PRIMA DONNA. ) To Morchanta, Shlpownora, Speculators, and Others Engaged In the East Indian, i China, Mauritius, ' South American, i Now Zealand, | And Intercolonial Trades. , HA. COFFEY has been favored » with instruetiona to soil hy auotlon, at tho Hall of Gommorce, Colllns- atreot, on Wodncaday, 23rd inst,, at cloven o'clock, j The A1 olippor brig PRIMA DONNA, ! 130 tone register, 200 tonB burthon, built at Sunder- land, in the year 1863, under thoinapectlon of Lloyd's, and claiaed for ton years A1, coppor-fastenod, gboathed with Muntz's patent metal, and kneod throughout with hanging and diagonal fastenings, planked and tlmborod with oak, well supported with Loams, and, in fact, as the term is understood, " ia as strong as wood, iron, coppor, and good workmunahip can mako her." Hor model has perhaps novar been surpassed in tho colonies for symmetry, combining apeed and Urge carrying capacity, haning Just returned to this port from a voyage to and from the Mauritius In Three Months and Six Days, And landed her cargo of 2,441 Bags Sugar Without a speck of damage. The Cabin accommodation is in every rospect coinploto and neatly fitted up with all tho modern Improvements that can add to the comfort and convonlonco of pas- sengers in tropical climatoa. Tho inventory is moat extensivo and includes all the essential!) for a first- class vessel omployed in the East India or China trades. . , In requesting attontion to the abovo the Auctl neer would wish to placo this vossol as prominently as pos elble before the notice of the public. For a long timo the desirability of having a bettor class of vcssolB bolonging to our port has boen vory apparent, from tho froquont damage to valuable cargoes landed hore from eastern and Intercolonial Îiorts. The presont Is an opportunity raroiy preaont ng itsolf for rectifying this evil, and the auctioneer ia instructed to invito tho closest scrutiny of intending1 purchaaors to this beautiful vessel. Hor dimensions are such as will enablo her to carry a largo cargo on a vory light draft of water, namely 07 feet 0 teuths in length l8 do beam 12 do depth of hold. Terms at Sale. 51 THURSDAY, 24th DECEMBER. Stone-Built Froohold Proporty, Ryrlo-atroot, Collingwood. WH. ALSOP, under instructions . from tho proprietor, will sell by auction, on the promises, on Thursday, 24th Inst., at ono o'clock, All that allotment sltuato in Ryrlo street, East Col- lingwood, having a frontage to tho north sido of tho said stroot of 04 foot, by a depth of 100 foot. Together with Tho three-roomed blnostono dwolllng thoraon eroctod, paintod, papered, and finlshod In a superior manner. Title Excollont. Terms at Silo. British Auction Mart, 171 Smith-streot, Collingwood. _g220 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. ^^^ Snug Freehold at Hawthorne. W H. ALSOP has been instructed TV . to soil by auction, on tho ground, on Tuos day, 22nd Inst., at ono o'clock, All that fino allotment of ground having a frontage of 100 foot to John- street, Hawthorne, noar the Governor Hotham Hotel, by a dopth of 108 foat. Togothor'with vho substantially-built two-roomod weatherboard houso orccted thorcon, and all tho ap- purtenances. Tho ground Is woll fenoed, uudor cultivation as a gardon. The rooms of tho houso aro capacious, 10 x 12. Title Perfect. Terms at Salo. British Auction Mart, 171 Smith-stroot, Colling- wood^_221 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. To Hotolkcopors and Others. _Tho Glaas-hoUHO Hotel and Dwolllng-Houso. W" II. ALSOP has been honored " . with instructions from tho ownor to offor for publio competition, on tho premisos, Glppa-stroot, East Collingwood, on Tuesday, 29th Just., at ono o'clock. Loti, All thoso ollglblo brick premiaos for conducting a snug hotel husinoss, known as tho Glasshouse Hotol, containing bar, two parlors, bagatollo-room, kitchen, and four bedrooms. Also store-room, stabling for six horses, largo shod, and a commodious yard. Togothor with, Tho valuablo froohold, forming tho eouth-oast angle of Gipps Btreet and Rokeby stroot, with a frontage to tho former stroot of 00 foot, by a depth paraUol with tho latter street of 02 foot. Attachod to this proporty aro peculiar advantages, considerably enhancing it» otherwise valuable charac- ter. It is situate in a rapidly improving locality Gipps-stroet is formed and metalled, and the presont tenant holds it on an unexpirod loose, at an annual rontal of £260. Lot 2, That capita! nllotmont of ground having a frontago to Gipps-Btrott of 30 feet by a dopth of 02 feet, with tho four-roomed brlek house thereon orocted, stuccoed on tho oxtorlor, in excellent repair. Tltlo Unexooptionnblo. . Terms Easy, British Auction Mart, 171 Smith-streoet, Colling wood._222 WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. Atternoon Salo of Building Allotments. East Collingwood. To Working-Men and Otho«. BE. ALSOP will sell by auction, on tho roapootlvo grounds, on Wednosday, w Bouth-oist anglo of Regont-stroot and Abbotsford atreet, 81 feet 10 luchos by 0» feet deep. Lot 2. 88 foot frontago to Studley-street, by 09 feet doon, eloso to Rogent-stroct. Lot 8. 83 feet frontago to Regent-stroet, by 09 feet, two allotments from Johnston-street, Lot 4. ' North-woBt anglo of Vallant-stroot and Rogont street, Si foot by 0D feet doop. Lets. 83 foot to Johnston-street, noar tho new bridge, by D9 feet deep. LotO. 83 foot to Valiant-street, by 01 foot doop, near Pat teraon-atreot. Lot 7. S3 feet to Pattorson-street, by 00 foot doop, opposite Abbotsford House. Titles Good. TermB at Salo. British Auction Mart, 171 Smith-street, Collingwood, _228 WEDNE8DAY, 23rd DECEMBER. Frcohold Properties in East Collingwood, Cambridge Btroet, aud Isllngton-stroot, Simpsou's-road. ~W~ H. ALSOP will sell by auction, TT . on,tho roapootlvo grounds, on Wodnoadar. 23rd inat., Tho following valuablo froohold proportlos : Lot 1, At ono o'clock, , AH that ploco or parcel of land, having a frontage to tho west sido of Cambridge-«treet of - foot by a dopth ol - foot, with a uoat four-roomed weather- board houso thoroon oreoted, with attached kltohen, also stabling and shods. The interior of tho house is thoroughly plastered and papered,' and tho whole the property li In most excollont repair. Lot 2, At half-past one o'clock, All that valuable allotment of ground, having a frontago to tho wost side of Oxford-street, in the rear of Mac's Hotol, of thirty feet, by a dopth of ohzb.tr feet. * Lot 8, At two o'clock, AU that allotmont of ground, with frontage of forty five feet to tho'weat aide of Isllngton-streot, Slmpson's road, in the roar of Roberts and Ferguson's Foundry, by a depth of 126 feet, with the four-roomed weather- board cottage thereon orccted, front rooms briok nogged, plastered, and painted; the ground wail fenced. A well, olghteen feet doop, affords a constant supply of water. Terms at Sale, Tltlo unexceptionable. British Auction Mart, 171 Smith-street, Colling. wood._ggjf PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Important Salo of Stock aud Stations. ERO Wand OO. are instructed by tho . Proprietor, John Moouoy, Esq., to Boll by auction on an oarly day (duo notice of which will be given), the following magnificent squatting propor Tuppall Station, In tho Murrumbidgee District, with about 23,000 sheep And Murray Downs Station, same district, with 4.000 head of cattle. Further particulars can bo obtained at tho office of Ibe auctioneers, where plana will be exhibited in a few days. 628* deo iii f¿i S ales by Auction. THI8 DAY. I Fat Cattle. EROW and 00. will sell at tbe . Market Yards, on Monday, 21st inst., 200 head fat cattle, of the M J M brand. 6393 . THIS DAY. "T~ To Horse Breeders and Others. < EROW and CO. will sell by auc . ' tion, at tholr yards, Bourke-strcot, on Mon- day, 21st inst, ',_,_,_"! ' 25 hoad of brood maros with foals at foot. I Thoy consist of heavy cart and coaching marei, ,tho Sick of the lot brought to markot by V. Dowling, Isa,., and are well worthy of the attontlon of breeders. THI8 DAY. I 140 Head First-class Colts and Fillies, from Wagga Wagga. To Contractors, 'Bus Proprietors, Carriers and Others. EROW and CO. have received in . structlons from Mr. Brown, as agent for J. G. Church. Esq, Wagga Wagga, to submit to pubUs competition, at tholr yards, Bourko-stroot, on Mon- day, 21st inst., Tho first draft of 140 superior upstanding coltj. and fllllos, dlroot from tho abovo-namod gen- tleman's station. Tho auctioneers cill particular attention to this solo. According to advlcos tho mob consists of power- ful short, hairy-legged cart colts and fillios, anl tplondid saddlo and light-harness horsos, all exceed- ingly well bred, In capital condition j in short, ,tho mob is so classed os to afford evory buyer an opportu- nity of suiting himself._5259 T THIS DAY, ' Milch Cowa. I EROW and CO. aro instruoted ,by s Mr. A. Bateman, to soil by auction, at their j ords, Bourko-8troet, on Monday, 21st lust., ¡ 4 superior milch cows, with calves at foot. | Thoi are in full profit, and guarantood perfectly quiot._5341 ' THIS DAY. I To Gentlemen In Want of a First-roto Turn-Out : Horso, Baskot Gig, and Harness. > J? ROW and CO. have received in __. structlons from W. W. Anslow, Esq., to soil by auction, at their yards, Bourke-Btroot, on Mon- day, 21st lUBt , (In consequonco of his leaving for tho Interior), « His well known piebald pony " Trotty," wicker 534 E. TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER, Splendid Household Furnituro, Milch Cows, Pigs, Poultry, Se., at Hollos Knox Esq's., Gardiner's Creel» ROW and CO. have received in- structions from H. Knox Esq. (In consequence of his removing up the country) to soil by auction, at his residence, Gardlnor's Creek, on Tuesday, 20th inst., at cloven o'clook punctually, The wholo of his sploodid furniture and offocts, consisting of Magnificent piano, hy Collard and Collard Drawing and dining room furnituro, library, bed- room furnituro, and the usual household effects. Also, Somo excellent milking cows, a boor, latoly imported' from England, together with somo superior sous, pigs, poultry, (which are in- ferior to nono in the colony,) stack of hay, charcoa1, _c. At tho saino time will be Bold tho loaso (having als j o irs to run from 1st Ootohor last) of the house, and about 100 acros land. Tho auctioneers particularly 03.11 tho attention of all those who appreciate artlelOB of taste to this sale, and specially invito tholr attondance. Fuithor particulars and catalogues to be had at the olllco of tho auotlonoors. Tho property will bo on view on Monday, tu. 28th lust._5287 ¿TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. Wool, Tallow, and Skins. At GoldBbrough's Storos, ' EROW and CO. will sell by auction, . at GoldBbrough's stores, Market-streot, on Tuesday, 22nd inst, at eleven o'clock, Wool, tallow, and sheepskins. 6320 WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. Sale of Lcaso, Growing Crops. . Horses, Bullocks, Drays, _c. At Mr. Borridgo'B Farm, St. John's Hill, Bulla Bulls. ROW and CO. aro instruoted by E. Mr. Goo. Borrldgo to soil by auotion, at his farm (lato Mnsslo's), St. John's Hill, Bulla Bulla, on Wednesday, 23rd Inst, nt twelvo o'clock, The Intorost in his lease, having ovor throe years to run, of tho houso and farm, containing 227 acres, the wholo of which Is substantially enclosed. After which, will bo sold Tho growing crops, consisting of 60 acres of wheat 16 do oats. Also, Team of working bullocks 4 bulls 5 milch cows 12 horsos, heavy drought and saddlo Drays Ploughs, _c. i Torms at Sale. 5287 deo 28 d It, wk THIS DAY. ~ Household Furniture, Charles-streot, Collingwood, N KINSMAN has received insfcriic i> tiona from W. B Millar, Esq., to soil by auc- tion, at hin residence, the Academy, Charles stroot, near r- apier-stroct, on Monday, 21st inst., at two o'clock, , Tho wholo of tho housohold furniture and effects, comprising Bcautirul cottago piano (cost 70Z.), mahogany lov tablo, corvad mahogany leather seated chairs, 12 hair tooted chain, chiffonier and book-case, a choice collection of books, two casos Insects, pictures, halr-soatcd sofa, ornaments, hand Bomo larg? carnot, now; hearth-rug, ohast drawers, double iron bedsteads and bedding, O single do and bedding, dressing- tables, "asu- stando and waro, toilot-glassoB, kitchen uten- sils, American stove, 20 choleo fowls, fire- wood, ¿to Tho Wholo to bo Sold Without Reserve. 218 THIS DAY. Freehold, Richmond. N KINSMAN lias received positive . instructions to sell by auction, on the ground, cornor of Swau and Dover streets, Richmond, on Mon- day, 21B i int-t, at twolvo o'clock, An allotmont of land having S3 foot frontago to Swan-st root, by a dopth of 60 foot to Dover-street. Tho auctioneer invites tho attontlon of persons Booking land in this locality to this salo, tho land boing for positive sale._214 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER Treohold Allotment», Napier stroot, Collingwood. N KINSMAN has received instruo . tiona to soil by auction, on the ground, on Tuesday, 22nd inBt, at ono o'clock, An allotmont of land having a frontago to Naplor stroct of 60 foot, by a depth of 68 feot, fenced in, bo tweon Kerr and Argylo streets. 215 WEDNESDAY,~23rd DECEMBER, ' Freehold, North Molbourno. N KINSMAN has received instruc . tions from Mr. Scott to soil by auotion, on tho ground. North Molbourno, on Wodnosday, 2Jrd lint, at twelvo o'clock, Throo noot weatherboard cottage", of two rooms each, having n frontage of 27 foot to Llttlo Carsou Btieot, by 03 feet deep, with a right-of-way 12 feet. Tho property is situated near tho Benevolent Asylum, adjoining tho corner of Victoria and Curz » i streets, and bolng lor positivo Balo, tho auctionojr would invite tho attendance of persons desirous of obtaining a bargain in that locality. N. KINSMAN. Valuitor, Houso and Land Agent, S Moor-Btreof, Collingwood. 213 "TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. N KINSMAN has received instruc . tiona to sell by auction, on the ground, Condoll-stroot, Collingwood, on Tuesday, 22nd Inst., at twolvo o'clock, A choleo allotment of land, having a frontago of 59 foot to Condoll-stroet, by a dopth of 103 foot. 212 , THIS DAY. ' VD.L. Potatoes. M. TURNBULL will sell by * auction, at his rooms, 84 Colllns-stroot,1 on Monday, 21nt inBt,, at eleven o'clock, i 100 bags pototoos, just landed from Hobart Town. _Terms-Cash. 081, THIS DAY^ ~ Champagne < Brandy. HM. TURNBULL will sell by . auction, at his rooms, 84 Collins-treat, on Monday, 21st inst., at oloven o'clock, 20 cases champagne [ 50 hhds. brandy, In bond. , _TormB at Salo. 082 ' THIS DAY] ~ CUocso. ' - ' HM. TURNBULL will sell by . auction, on Monday, 21st inst., at eloven o'clock, 17 casos cheoso Without Roservo. _Torms-Cash._083 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. Tasmanian Timbor. % i , , HM. TURNBULL will sell by auo o tion, at tho Australian Wharf, alongalda tho Janet Dickson, on Tuosday, 22nd InBt., at twelve o'clock, A primo lot of rawn timber, conBlstlng of 2,010 pieces, measuring- . 3x2 9x 2 4x2 10 X 4 *x4 0x4 , , 6x2 Ox 9 6x8 10 X 8 0x2 . 10x 4 ' 0x8 12 x 6 6x6 12x 0 7x2 12 x 12 7x8 18x 9 8x8 18x13 Of various lengths, from 8 to 82 feet, i _Terms at Sale. 029 THIS DAY. For Positivo Sale by Order or the Mortgagee. T GIBBS will sell by public auotion, . by order of the Mortgogeo, without the least reserve, at his rooms, 60 and 68 Llttlo OollloB-strest cast, next City Pollco Court, on Monday, 21st inst.. at twelvo o'clock oxact time, AU tbat piece or parcol ol land, situate in tho parish or Boroondara, county Bourke, contalntne by admeasurement three acres, boing part 8 of portion ' The Titlo w11! bo Jrodueed at Sale. Terms- Cash, 20 H atalM by JUMtloa. TFTS DAY. T GIBBS will sell by public auction, e 'situated in tho roar of 116 Stephen-street, on Monday, 21st inst, at half- past twelve o'clock, Without tho Least Reserve, The whole of tho genuine housohold furniture, com- prising Chair*, tablos, china, glass, cheats of drawer«, pictures, bedsteads and bedding, dog-cart, dray, hand-truck, carpenters' tools, doga, poultry, kitchen utensils. Also, A well known akewbald gigstor, and all other effects ort tho said promtsos. Well Worthy the Attention of Intending; Purchasera. Terms - Cash. _No Reserve._209 THIS DAY. Horses Horses. DOUGHARTY and 00. will sell by auction, at their yarda Qato Bear's Horao Markot), comer of Queen and Bourke stroot», on Monday, 21st inst., at twelvo o'clock, 25 head of colts and flllloB, from the station of R. R. Gordon, Esfr, Peechelba, tho produce of tho well-known Tranby, They aro well adaptad for light harness and hackneya. There aro a few heavy colts, and all In flrat-rato con- dition._6891 WEDNESDAY, 80th DECEMBER. To tho Flookownora of Victoria. Imported Rama. , For Positivo Sale. DOUGHARTY and CO. have received instructions from Mesara. Alex. Wilson, Nopbow, and Co., to Bell by auction, at their yards Sate Boar'a Horao Market), corner of Queen and ourko streets, on Woduoaday, 30th inst., at eloven o'clock, 11 pure morlno rams, imported from the cele- brated flock of Thomas Sturgeon, Esq., tue Elms, Grays, Essex. Thoy aro well worthy tho attention of parties wlsü ing to improvo tholr flocks. They can bo seen at the yards of the auctlonoora. S391 alt and wk WEDNESDAY, 80th DECEMBER. ' 1 Important Sale of Imported Short-horned Cattle. To Squatters, Fanners, Cattle Dealers, and Others. DOUGHABTY and CO- . have re coivod instructions from Messrs. Miles, Oakington, and Co, to sell by publio auction, at tholr yarda, Littlo Oollins-stroBt, on Wednesday, 80th inBt, at twolvo o'clock sharp, The following fine lot of importad short-horned bulls Admiral Lyona, red roan, calved April, 1854, win- ner of tho following prlrea Second prize at Frome, Docomber, 1856 Do do Yeovil, Juno, 1850 First pi Uo at Bruton, Docomber, I860 Do do Frome, do. 1850 Do do Newton, June, 1867 Bluobeard, roan, calved Juno 19th, 1865, got by Kirklavlngton (No. 11, 680) ; the siro of Kirk lavington, Grand Duke, was sold to America foi tho sum of £1,000 i Graposhot, dark roan, calved 1th July, 1854, grot by Abraham Parker (0,860). Full Particulars, Pedlgreos, &c;, 1 Also, Terms, at Sale. 74 deo 80 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. ( Wool Bale. , At J. H. Clough and Co.'« Wool Warehouse. I PURCELL and DOUGHARTY will soil by auction, at Clough's Wool Warehouses, King-streot, on Tuesday, 22nd inst., at three o'clock in tho afternoon precisely, Wool, tallow, and sheepskins._47 dec 22 THURSDAY, 7th JANUARY. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and CO. have receivod Instructions from 'Mr Henry Brock (to close the partnership of Mesara. H. and J. M Brock) to sell by publia auction, without re* aerve, at Buhando Vale, near Gisborne, on Thursday, 7th January, at cloven o'clock, Tho right to the Mooncjottoo, Bailando Vale, and Cameron s Run Stations ; also the whole of tho valua- blo stock thereon, in lots to suit pnrchasers, consisting of 7,600 sheep 8,000 lambs 250 merino and Lolcsstor-brcd rams 200 dairy-bred cattle 1 SO dairy cows 40 horses, broken and unbroken 30 working bullocks , Togothor with I ' Tho whole of the crops,hurd!es, ploughs, harrow», carta, bouaehrld furniture, &c.; ' Terms at Sale. _Lunch Provided._027 THIS DAY. Prime Calves for Christmas I DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and CO. will sell by publio auction on Monday, 21st inst,, at tho Market Yards, at two o'clock, 50 prime calves, for Christmas veal. 014 TUESDAY, 20th DECEMBER. Important Sale of Crops, Horses, Working-Bullocks, Farming Implements, &c; DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and CO. have received Instructions from the Ex- ecutors of the late James Hearn, Esq., (on account of winding up the estate) to sell by public auction, with- out reserve, at Thorngrove, about twelve miles from Melbourne, on the Old Sydney road, on Tuesday, 20th inst, at eleven o'clock, The whole of the crops thereon, consisting of 100 acres wheat 80 do hay 30 do wheat, adjoining the above 2 teams of 8 working bullocks, with bows, yokes, and drays, Complete Reaping-machine (Ketchum's patent) Threshing machine Horse hay-rake Chaff cutter, ploughs, barrows, harness, &c.; 40 horses, chiefly unbroken, fit for coaches or light harness 6 milch cows. At the same time and place the Farm of Thorngrove, consisting of 330 acres, with Stone Dwelling-house, and all necessary outbuildings, will be Let for a term of five or seven years ; also the Farm known as Bate- man's Paddock adjoining the above, containing 338 acres, upon which is erected a small Cottage, for the same number of years, These Farms are all first class land, well fenced, and subdivided into conveni- ent paddocks. Terms at Sale. Lunch Provided. 024 WEDNESDAY, 23rd DECEMBER. Important Sale of Valuablo Houso and Land at 3andridgo. For Positivo and Unreserved Salo to Olose a Partner- ship Account. ]7< E. BEAVER and CO. will cause to . . bo sold by publie auction, at their mrrt, 36 Colllna-stroot west, on Wednesday, 23rd Inst., at eleven o'clock proclsoly, ' All that piece or parcel of land sltuato at Sandridge, and containing by admeasurement ono rood, being allotmont No. 11 of sootion No. 12, bounded on the west by allotment No. 8, bearing BOuth 28 degrees «ott, 1 chain; on tho south by allotment No. 10 bearing south 62 degrees east, 2 chains 60 links ; on tho cast by Stokos-stroot, bearing north 28 degrees oast, 1 chain ; and on the north by allotmont No. 12; bear- ing north 62 degrees west, 2 chains 50 links ; being the i land sold as lot No. 166, in pursuance of the proclama' tion of the 11th day of January, 1864. Tho above allotmont is substantially fenced. Th< dwelling erected upon tho property, and fronting BtookcB-street, is well and faithfully built, and com prises spacious verandah, large entrance-hall, passage drawing-room, 20 foot x 12,11 foot high, breakfast and dining room, kitchen ropleto with fittings, parlor, two spacious and commodious hodrooms on. tin upper floor ¡ outBldo, kitchen ahd offices. > A well of boautiful water in the yard. 1 The abovo property is situate closo to tho beaoh i BSituate In tho most delightful part of Sandridge adjoining tho wholosale ironmongery Btoros o Walter PowelJ, Torms at Sale. For full particulars of titlo and conditions of'sob apply to Mr. W1SESVOULD, Solioitor, Elizabeth street; or Mr. FREAME, Solicitor, Swanston-stroot. _if'5317 Immediately after tho Sale of DM oiling ¡n'StooK Btroot. FE. BEAVER and CO will cause t I bo sold by public auction, immediately afte the Bolo of dwelling In Stooko streot, subject tolau under such terms and conditions of salo as will thei and thoro be produced, J . I All thot píceo or parcel of land, 'situate,, lying, an being part of allotments Nos. 2 and S Of section No. ! at Sandridge, in tho parish of South Melbourne connty of Bourke, and colony of Victoria, commoncin at a point 165 feet south-easterly from the north-wei comer or anglo of the Bald allotmont No'. 2, an bounded on the east by other part of the said allot menta Nos. 2 and 8 In a Uno boarlng'south 28 degree west 82 feet ; on f ho south by n right-of-way 8 foe wide (reserved by ono Robert Harvey out ot¿ho sal allotmont No. 8), In a Uno at right anglos with tho las line, bearing north 62 degrees, west 16 foot ; on tb .west by anothor right-or woy 8 feet wldo (also resorvo by the sold Robert ITarvoy out of tho said allotment Kos 2 and 8, and leading from tho beforomoritlono right of way), in a Uno bearing north 28 dogroos, oas 82 fout ; and on tho north by other part of the sol allotment No. 2, in a line bearing south 62 clegroo cast 15 foot, to the commencing p Int aforesaid ; t< gethcr with tho dwolllng croctod thoroon, and now I tho occupation of Mr. M'Gee, blacksmith, consisting! ono two-storied dwelling and kltoben, and store i tho roar 42 x l8 foot. i ii' For further particulars apply to Mr. Whjowouli solicitor, El-abeth-stroet; or Mr. .reame, solicito Swanston street. , i ,_Torm-at Salo._' 6817 ' '" TUESDAY, 29th DECEMBER, i Sheep Station for Sale. -. i KATE and BUTOHART 'have.'n colved instructions for tholr Mr. Butchart ' offer for sale by public auction, in the long''room jHockln's Hotel, on Tuesday, 29th inst., at tweh Tho ¿MU HILL STATION, with 5,000 Bhoép, of ti following description :- , ' 8,000 equal sexes, 2,4, and 6 toothod. -, 2,000 full-mouthed ewes. " This ruu is very centrally situated for supplying largo troc' of digging country with fat stock. Smythe Creek distant six milos, Ballaarat twenty, Caraghai fifteen, Fiery Crook twonty-ilve, and Goolong abbi fifty eight The area of tho run Is about 13,000 aero Thoro aro about 640 acres of purchased loud, which will bo at the option of the purchasor to toke at co prico, with Interest from date of parchase Thoro are tho following improvements :-Oversoei but of throo ro uns, men's hut, brush paddock of 's Dr sevon hundred aores, drafting yards, &c;, and thr out-statlon huts. Terms f >r the Run-One-third Cash, and tho roma! lor by approved bills at oue and two years, with i tercst at ton per cent, ; and for the purchased land Cash. Dolivory will bo given in ono week from ti lay of Salo. ! 6212 d and wit deo 29 Salea by Aaottom TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. Brighton Beach. furniture, Horses, Carriagos, and Effects of the late 0\. Laing, Esq. _p WALSTAB has received in vT» struotiona from the oxccutora of tho lato Charlea Laing, Esq., to sell hy publie auction, at bia resldenae, on tho Beach, situated between Mr. Graham's and Mr. AUeo'a residences, on Tuesday, 22nd inBt, at claren o'clock, The whole of the furniture and effects, constating »t Dining-room furniture _ Drawing-room do, in rosewood Bodroom do Piano Plato i Books Engravings Horses Harness Carriages Whale and other boats, so. Full particulars of whioh will be given in catalogaoj, to bo had nt thoAuctionoer'a Offlcoa, 16TompIo Court. Sale Tuesday, 22nd December, 1857, to commence punctually at eleven o'clock a.m. The horses, carrlagos, 4c, will be sold at tw» o'clock p.m._0102 dec 22 '" WEDNESDAY, 28rd DECEMBER. W GREEN has received instruc e tiona to soil by public auction, on the ground, on Wodnesday, 28rd inst., All those valuable allotments fronting Pool-street, "Windsor, and being Noa 0,68 and 60, and having to- gether a frontage to Peol-street of 128 feet, And also Those dosirablo allotments fronting Albert street east, and being Nos. 78 and 77, having; together a frontago to Albert atreet of 82 foot. Without Reserve. Apply WM. OREEN, land ngont, i Collina-atroefc v,cst. _ 109 deo 23 alt WEDNESDAY, 13th JANUARY. Preliminary Notice. W GREEN has received instructions . to soil by public auction, at the Hall ot Commerce, on Wodnesday, 18th January next, Tho following valuablo properties : No. 1. 21 feet 7 inches frontago to Oollins-atreot west, by a depth of 07 foot 6 Inches to a right of-way at back. No. 2. 400 acres 1 rood 88 porches of land, situate on the Great Dondonong-road, about half-way between Oak lciuh and Dandenong, fenced, with house, outbuill íngs, &c.; Good watorholo. No. 8. Sections No. 00 and 00, oach containing21 acres, both fenced Parish of Boroondara. No. 4. 67 feet frontage to Russell streot, by a depth of 8) feet, bet« oon Flindors- streot and Flinders-lane east. No. 6. Two valuablo soctions, containing 5 acres and S acres 2 roods 24 porches, having a largo frontage to the Yarra, and joining Toorak. Tor furthor particulars apply to WM. OREEN, Land Agent, 4 Collins-street woat._88 THURSDAY, 21th DECEMBER. Salo of tho Studloy Estato, In Lots of 5 Acres Each. J LONG has the honor to an . nomico tho Balo by auction, at his rooms, 91 Elizabeth streot, on Thursday, 24th Inst., Of the above valuable estato, situate in one of tho finest rural and richest agricultural districts in the colony of Victoria Tho laud, for richness of soil, is without a parallel, while its position is good, lying near the main Groit W estera Port-road. It is also adjacent to tho Government township of Cianhourno, the allotments in which, at the recent Government land sales, havo rcalUod a considerable advance on former prlcos Tho land, comprising 308 acres, will be sold in one or moro lots to adit purchasers. All intending purchasors aro desired to go and seo tho land, as It Is without o\ceptlon as rich a plot of land as ein bo found at presont in the market for silo. Tltlo Guaranteed, Terms at Sale. Tho snlo v> ¡11 toko place on Thursday, 24th Decom Inr, 1857, at 04 Ellzabeth- stroet, where a plan is on tlev, and all particulars may be obtained. ___271 doe 24 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. Town Lota at Taradale J LONG has received peremptory . Instruclons from the proprietor, Mr, Leonard, to sell by auction, at his rooms, 04 Elizaboth-street, on Tuesday, 22nd inst, 3 original lots, as sold by Govornmont, in tho vory brst portions of this fast rising township. Tlie rapid advance of prices for good business altea in tills improving placo, and tho difficulty of obtaining Hiern, render the present an opportunity which should not bo nogleotod. Titles-Crown Grants. _ Torms-Cash._188 dec 22 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. Christmas Beef. WILLIAM HURST will sell by auc T T tlon, at tho Cattle Yards, on Tuesday, tho 22nd inst, at tho usual hour, 100 hoad of tlie finest bullocks that over entered tho Melbourne yards._539 TH]g __ _^ In portant Sale of Horn», Pigs, Butchers' Carts, &c;, at Flemington. \Y HURST is instructed by Mr. »Ia Goorrro Inman, who is retiring from bast- in ss, to soil by public auction, without tho slightest i o en o, on his promiBos, at Flemington, on Monday, SMi iiikt, at cloven o'clock, 14 \ aluable first class horses, all broken in and warranted staunch 6 butchers' carts 50 pigs. And, Sundry articles belonging to a butcher's estab- lishment. 023 WEDNESDAY, 28rd DECEMBER. Freohold Proporty at Kow. CRITCHLEY and BANKS have re \J celt ed Inatructlona from Mr. Thomas Austin lo sell by auction, on tho ground, on Wednosday, 23rd inst., i,t half past two o'clock, A \ cry nice property at ¿Cow, situate on the town sii'o of Judge Wrixon'«, and near Dr. Findlay'a, and contiguous to tho Beohivo and Boroondara family Hotsli, boing (, au c3 of excellent land, cleared, fenced, and under cu'thatlon, one part laid out as garden, with fruit tri ei a ml flowers 'flin hnd ia fenced and trenched all round, with two good waterholes on it. There Is a well built oottago, with kitchen and pantry attached Tho property is about 100 feet frontago to Calvin's rnad (continuation of Simpson's road), with a depth of 12 chains to Fltzwilliatn-stroet, 88 foot wide, an I lmvirg a frontago thereto of 684 links. The whole will bo oilered in one lot! or, if moro «uilublo to purchasors at timo of sale, it will ba oftered in a lot ni four ncrOB, bolng the part that hu been undor cultivation, and tho lot of two acres with the house and garden. This is well worth attention, as It is to bo disposal of without reservo l18 THIS DAY. In tho Supremo Court of the Colony of Victoria. Ft. Fa. Between Andrew Sutherland, Plaintiff, and Jam» Croft, Defendant. "¡VTOTICE is hereby given, that the ii Shcria for tho colony of Victoria will causo to bo sold by public auction, unless the oxooution bo prciibisly satisfied, at tho Supremo Court Hotol, La, Trobe stioot, Mclbourno, on Monday, 21st inBt., at til eli o o'clock noon, "(ho right, titlo, and interest (if any) of the above named defendant In and ti all that piece of land, situate in the parlBh of Jika Jika, in the county of Bourke and colony of Victoria, having a frontago of _2 feot, moro or loss, to Ellzaboth-street, in the city of Molbourno, and numbered 00 and 73, being part of block 13 of said city. Torms-Cash. GEORGE BURNS, Sheriff's Officor. 'Sheriffs Ofllco, Molbourno. _I FitlDVY, 16th JANUARY In tho Supremo Conrt of the Colony of Victoria. Ft. Fa. Between Loo Worthumborg, Plaintiff, and John Ziu der, Defendant. "[\J0TI0E is hereby given that ths jj\ Shorlfl' for tho colony of Victoria will cause to be sold by publfo auction (unless tho oxooution bo pre liousl.l satisfied), at tho Supremo Court Hotol, Li Trobe btroot, Molbourno, on Friday, 15th January, IfcSS nt twelve o'clook noon, Tho right, title, aud interest (ift any) of the above named defendant in and to all that piece or parcel of land situate and being in a lane between Flludorj atrcot and Flinders-lane In tho city of Melbourne, foi ming part of allotment No. 2 of sootion -, Mol- li mino, and having a frontage to the said lane of 53 lect, or thoroibouta, by a depth of 80 feet (moro or les-), together with the store or warehouse erected imil standing thereon, and known as Zander's Bonded btore, Uighlandor-lane, Fllnders-streot wost. Ternis-Cash. GEORGE BURNS, Shorlff- Officer. bhci iff'H Ofllco, Melbourne. 2 FRIDAY, 16th JANUARY. In the Supremo Court of the Colony of Victoria. Fi. Fa. Botweon David Gorman, plaintiff, and Michael M'Ñamara, defendant. NOTICE is hereby given that the Sheriff for tho Colony of Victoria will causo te bo sold by public auction, (unicBS tho oxooution bt prai lously Bntisfied,) at the Supremo Court Hotel, Li Trobo-Btreot, Melbourno, on Friday, tho 15th day ol Jnmioiy, 1868, at tho hour of twelve o'clock noon, The right, title, and Intorost (If any) of the abovo named defendant in aud to all that piece or parool o land situate, lying, and boing in tho oounty of Bourke in the said colony, being part or allotmont numbei eleven, of section six, town of Molbourno, commonelut at tho north-east anglo of said allotmont, bolng june tion of Curzon-stroot and Arden-stroet, thone» la c liuohoirliig east forty-six feot, six inches along a cor tain stroot called Ardon-street, and bounded on tin north by Ardon-street, thence in aline at right angle to tho last Uno, boorin* south ono hundred am nl.\tocn foot, along a certain right-of-way eight feel Mido, roaervod out of Bald allotment, and bounded oi thoeast by sold right-of-way, thonce In a lino at rlgh , angles bearing west six feet, and boundod on the soutl by other part of cold allotment, thonce in a Uno a right angles bearing south slxteon foot to the south em boundary-lino of said allotment, and bounde. on the east by other part of said allotmont, thenco In i lina at right angles bearing west forty feet BIX Inch] to inofloutb-wostangle of said allotment, and boundo, on the south by allotment twelve, thence ina Hu bearing north ono hundred and thirty-two feet alo n< certain stroot callod Curzon-stroot, to tho comm-atic »g point, and bounded on tho west by Ourzou-streat together with all improvements, rights, and privlloze belonging thereto. i , Torma-Cash. , _u i« "_, °_,°,?GB BURNS, ShoriffaOfflctHv fihgrtfrgOffice, Melbourne. . 