VESSELS IN HARBOUR. Alice Brown, brig, 172 tons, ? , in Darling Harbour ; Captain agent. A-ieU sohooner, 105 tons, M'Leod, in Cuthbert's Wharf; J. Mal colm and Son, agents. For sale. Anna, ship, 1098 tons, Stevens, in Watcrview Bay ; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. For Caliao. . Atmeda, sc'iooner, 139 tons, Fainslough, at Smith's Wharf; Captain Smith, agent. Australian, barque, 212 tons, ? , in Darling Harbour. Amelia Breillat, brig, 1G2 tons, Morris, at Circular Wharf; H. Ac icia, barque, 227 tons, Barnes, at Towns' Wharf ; Molison and Black, agents. Bristol, schooner, ISO tons, M'Lean, at Commercial Wharf; Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Auckland. Bella Vista, barque, 178 tons, Todd, at Macnamara's Wharf ; Mac aubara and Son, agents. Beejapure, ship, 1600 tons, Dennings, at Moore's Wharf ;Praaek, Brothers, and Gans. agents. Cheetah, schooner, 133 tons, Joyce, at Flour Co.'s Wharf Buyers; and Learmonth, agents. For Wellington. California, Dutch ship, 633 tons, Da Wyn, in the Stream; Maltendorff and Co., agents. For London. Connecticut, American ship, 1100 tons, Welsh, at Water view Bay ; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. Cainperdown, ship, 993 tons, Denny, in the Stream; Smith, Campbell, and Co., agents. Columbian, R. M. S, 2500 tons, Pender, in Water view Bay ; H. Lar mour, agent. For Point de Galle. Daniel Watson, brig, 164 tons, at Cnthbert's Wharf; Mitchell «nd Co., agents, bake of Wellington, schooner, 68 tons, Lee, at FlourCo.'s Wharf; E. M. Bayers, agent. For Geelong. Egypt, barque, 341 tons, Glynn, off Towns' WTiarf ; E. Towns and Co., agents. Eli Whitney, American ship, 050 tons, Smaley, at Wilker's Wharf; Wilkinson, Brothers, and Co., agents. For California. Electra, ship, 60G tons, Cayzer, at Macnamara's Wuatf; G. A. Lloyd and Co., apents. For charter. KraiJy Jane, tehooaet, 150 tons, Seer, at Campbell's Wharf; E. M.'Sayers, agent. For Auckland. Edmund, 6hip, 912 ttm, Harvey, off Botts' Wharf; Smith, Brothers, agents. Refitting. Eudorus, schooner, 145 fo:isr Seaman, at Moore's Wharf; Malcolm and Co., agent?. For the South Sea Islands. Genii, brig, 180 tons, Davidson, off Towns' Wharf; R. Towns, agent. George Marshall, ship, 1209 tons, Honry, in the Cove ; Gil christ, Watt, and Co., agents. For Ljndon, Oanires, American ship, 315 tuns, Nicholson, at Walker's Wharf ; Contain, agent. For sale. Great Britaio, ship, 460 tons, Nelson, at Circular Wharf ; Gil christ, Watt, and Co., agents. General Wyniham, ship, 8(:4 lo.is, H-irrisoa, at Towns' Wharf ; R. Towns aud Co., agents. Discharsfina:. Gazelle, brig, 280 tons, Downie, at Campbell's Wharf ; R. T. Ford, agent. George, schooner, 103 tons, M'Donald, in Dai-ling Harbsur ; W. Peverly, agent. Hindoostan, ship, 708 ions, Le Bocnt, at Circular Wharf ; Brier ley, Dean, and Co., aitents. H. M. S. Herald, 4 guns, Denham, in Farm Cove. Refitting. John Wesley, brig, 136 to:is, Birkanshaw, iu Darling Hirbour; E, Caldwell, agent. Jaqtus Langlois, French shin, 38S tons, Gouaioi, it. Circular Wharf; Vial D'Aram, and Co., agents. Di-scUa'vuruf. Kato, brig, 230 tons, Wiles, at Campbell's Wharf ; Moses and Co., agents. Kate Kearney, schooner, 85 tons, Dixon, at Macna mara's Wharf; R. X. Ford, agent. For Wellington, Port Cooper, and Otago. LidyA. Duff, ship. 370 -ons, Milton, at Limb's Wharf ; Lamb, Spry, and Co., agents. For Charter. Lady Blackwood, barque, 2U0 tons, Oliver, off Towns' Wharf; K. Towns and Co., agents. Lord Warreston, ship, 1114 tons, Lock, in Darling Harbour ; ? Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., agents. Keftttinsf. Live Yankee, American barque, 427 tons, Gove, at Circular Wharf; . Captain, agent. Lord Burleigh, ship, 622 tone, Clarke, at Botts' Wharf ; Gilchrist, \- Watt, and Co., agents. Life Araelie, French ship, 337 tons, Noeveglese, in Darling Har bour ; Griffiths, Fanning, and Co., agents. Maria, schooner, 80 tons, Delaney, in Darling Harbour ; Captain, agent. Matoka, ship, 1092 tons, Kewlcy, off Cuthbert's Wharf; Brieriey, Dean, and Co., agents. Moultan, «hip, 611 tons, Fife, in Darling Harbour ; Caird, Pater son, and Co., agent*. Mmaysbire, ship, 833 tons, Mathers, in the Cove ; Smith, Camp bell, and Co., agents. Malvina Vi al, Hamburg ship, 900 tons, Ketels, at Moore's Wharf ; Haeire and Prt-H, agents. Monarch, barque, 320 tons, Kelly, at Flour Company's Wharf; E. M. Bayers, agent. For Melbourne. Mary Ann, ship, 957 tons, Phelan, in the Stream ; Young, Lark, and Bennett, agents. Nourmahal, ship, 846 tons, Bralby, at Circular Wharf; L. and S. Spyer, agents. For London. 10 April. Poeklington, brig, 1G4 tons, Lewis, off Smith's Wharf ; Smith, agent. Poliy, brig, 252 tons, Holford, in Darling Harbour; Captain, agent. Retreiver, brig, 150 tons, Archer, in the Cove ; Capfain, agent. Sutton, barque, 282 tons, ? , in the Cove; Smith, agent. Shamrock, brig, 184 tons, Punch, in Darling Harbour; R. T. Ford, agent. Sporting Lass, brig, 183 tons, Cellum, at Commercial Wharf; Rundle, Datigar, and Co., agents. For Aucland. Spray, brig, 148 tons, fccott, at Flour Co.'s Wharf ; Buyers and Learmonth, agents. For Nelson. 6t. Ann, French ship, 437 tons, Gillette, off Smith's Wharf; D. N. Joubert, agent. For charter. Star of Peace, ship, 11 0 tons, bproat, at Circular Wharf; Montcftorp, Graham, and Co., agents. For London. 20 April. Sarah, brig, 150 tons, Firth, at Albion Wharf; Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Wellington. Steinwarden, Hambursr barque, 258 tons, Arians, at Moore's Wharf; Franck, Brothers, agents. Tuscarora, barque, 372 tons, Smith, in Darling Harbour ; R. Towns, owner. Thames, brig, 240 tons, Griffiths, at Campbell's Wharf; H. Fisher, agent. Theodore Dill, Danish ehip, 404 tons, Hory, at Circular Wharf; Kiichner and Co., agents. For Batavia. Tickler, American schooner, 112 tons, in Darling Harbour ; Cap tain, agent. Uni, French brig, 310 tons, Frambertban, at Towns' Wharf; R. Towns and Co., agents. Vetox, brig, 141 tons, ? , in Darling Harbour; M. E.Murnin, agent. Vulture, brig, 164 tons, — , at Cuthbert's Wharf. Re pairing ; Molison and Black, agents. Vaillant, French ship, 323 tons, Leraire, at Smith's Wharf; D. N. Joubert, agent. Vernon, brig, 222 tons, Spurting, at Smith's Wharf; Smith, agent. Waterloo, ship, 960 tons, Young, at Circular Wharf; Smith, Campbell, and Co., agents. Fcr London, Woodlark, barque, 250 tons, Cook, off Towns' Wharf; R. Towns and Co., agents, Walter Hood, ship, 918 tons, Donald, at Circular Wharf ; Monte fiore, Graham, and &-., atrents. For L-ndon, 2 April. Waterwitch, barque, 250 tons, Lee, off Smith's Wharf ; Smith, agent. Weiderinann, Hamburgh barque, 300 tons, in Darling Harbour ; C. R. Robinson, agent. William, brig, 121 tons, Skinner, in Darling Harbour ; Captain, agent. Yarrow, brig, 228 tons, Macdonald, at Patent Slip Wharf ; Korff, agent. The mail by the mail-ship Columbian, from Southampton, con sisted of 54 packages, containing 10,642 letters and 18,741 news papers- The Caraperdown, from London, spoke the Joshua, hence, in latitude 35*27 S., longi'ude 150-54 E., on 20th instant. During the passage tie Cainperdown lost her main yard. The Tickler, from the Feejees and Vavou, reports the John Nusse/ as having left the lattei port for Feejees on 7th instant. On Iflth December Vavou was visited by a dreadful hurricane, which destroyed or damaged the greater part of the buildings, and had bo materially affected the crops that the inhabitants were in great want of food. The Kite Kearney, from Wellington, reports the Oliver Lang and Monsoon as loading for London, and the Indian Queen about to leave for iTobart Town. The Venture hence arrived at Wanganui on the 22nd February, via New Plymouth. She would leave again direct for Sydney, callimr at New Plymouth, to take in wool. The William Alfred, from Wellington, reports the arrival on the Uth insta-it, of the Dart, from Port Coopsr. The Yana Yarra (s.) lett Mortton Bay at 1 p.m. on 25th instant had strong southerly gales the jrrrciter part of the passage. The bavque Juno was lving in the Bay. Passed the Boomerang (r.) at 9 p.m. on the 26th instant, betwfea Port Macquarie and Smoky Cape. There were no other vessels on the coast. The Yarra Yarra's cargo consists of 319 bales woo1, 41 hides, and sundries. Accident to the Baixarat — While the Ballarat was on her passage from Ipswich to Brisbane on Wcdnesdav, and when near the Moggill coal-pits, her progress was mimm »rily stopped by the breaking of the piston, and she wan compelled to remain where she was till the following day, when the BriHh.ine was despatched to her assistance, and brought her in tow to Brisbane.— Moreton Bay Courvr. Survey op the 8ra. Mouth of the MunnnY. — The Govern ment schooner Blanche, with a Mitvcying party on board, left Port Adelaide on Thursday, A survey of the sea mouth of the Alurr .y will b ' taken in so a .curate a manner as to leave no doubt as to the impracticability or otherwise of it* safe navigation. The necessity or such a work is unquestioned, and its importance will be duly estimated by nU who take nn interest in the future welfare of this province. — South Autt aiii.n Rgister. Thk Berkshire. A dangerous attempt to escape from the Berkshire was practised by two seamen on Tuesday night. It appears that Jack, being tired of so long and tedious a voyage ag the above-named vessel has made, determined to take liberty; and, consequently, constructed a raft, consisting of two broken topmast-studdingsatt booms the forehatch ladder, and a w»eh deck tub, and to lash the same ma£e free to take the flying-jib downhaul, the wain-topmast- stayeail downnaul, and part of itie foretopsail c)e w line. They are reported to have left the vessel at midnight, the wind at tlie time S.W., and n Jump of a sea on; the wind round from E. early on the following morning ; and, as no tidings of the Rpars have bees heard, great doubts are en tertained as to their safety.— Sottt h Australia* Begister, 13ta March. Fatal Accident on Boabd the White Swa.k.— The drtay in the arrival of the White Swan was caused by the following cir cumstances :— On pa«singCape Otwsy on the morning of Wed nesday last, a pudden lurch of the vessel threw a eeamen named Charles Richards overboard from the top of the deck house, where he was employed making fast some coils of rope, which went over with him. The sea was runninjve'ry high at the time, and though the ship was brought round as soon as possible, and two life-buoys were t Town overboard immediately, it was impos sible to save the unfortunate man. The rope go: entangled with tbe screw, and soon stopped the engine ; as Richards was in the coil of rope when he fell over, there can be little doubt that hia life was speedily destroyed by the working of the 6crew. As the engine could no't be got to work Captain Lamond bore up for the Heads under canvas, where the rope was removed from the screw with much difficulty. The White Swan left the Heads again on Thursday afternoon.- South Australian Register, 16th March. Port Robe.— The number of Chinese vessels now laid on for Port Robe is very considerable, and from the best information we can gather the traffic is likely to increase. On the 9th instant a fine American clipper-built ship, the Challenge, arrived at Port Robe with 932 Chinese passengers, and after a stay of two days sailed again for Melbourne. In the month of January three ships engaged in the Chinese trade, namely, the William Miles, the Oracle, and the Rebecca, sailed from China for Port Robe ; and we learn that at the present time as many as eight vessels are known to be loading at Chinese ports for Port Robe. They are : the Annandale, Alfred the Great, Queen of the Seas, Young America, Sportsman, Jacob, Cata, Pudsey Dawson, and Francis P. Sage. The new method of shipping Chinese emigrants for Port Kobe instead of for Port Adelaide will unquestionably prove of eminent service to the former place, especially if the Government of Vic toria should continue to maintain their existing policy in regard to this question.— S. A. Register . The Americn barque Lucy L. Bale, of Boston, arrived on Thursday from St. John's. New Brunswick, after a tedious voyage of 150 days, having encountered nothing but head winds and cah*t the entire time, and reports having been thirty days beating round from the longitude of Cape Leuwin.-vi?. a. Btyutw.', Extracts from the Meloonrae papers :?— The James Baikes.— This ship anchored in Hobeon'e Bay late on Monday evening, the 23rd instant. She sailed from Liverpool on the evening of the 5th January. On the 10th January, when in the Bay of Biscay, she encountered a terriflo hurricane from, tbe eouth-weet, during which she split several sails, and shipped a heavy sea, and was obliged to be hove-to. Even with the sails dose-reefed, the fury of the gate t&roatened; to take the maste out of the vessel. She crossed the equator on the 20th day out in longitude 27* 53' 20' west, and passed the meridian of the Cape on the 23rd February. She experienced light winds through the north and south trades. But one death, that of a child, occurred ; and all classes of passengers have presented Captain M'Donnell nnd his officers with handsome testimonials, expressive of their entire satisfaction, and tbuaking them for their kindness and attention during the voyage. The William Miles spoke the ship Great Tnsmama on the 15th March, latitude 38*50 south, longitude 135*50 east ; and on the same day the Amity, Dutch barque, bound for Batavia. The Cvclone spoke the following vessel- :— January 9th, latitude 6- north^ longitude 23-30 west, Royal Albert, ship, from I^ndon to Adelaide; February 25th, latitude 43-30 south, longitude 34-35 east, Norwood, Bhip, from London, bound hence; M&rch; lltb, latitude 4*-, longitude 83-24 east, Confidence, ship, from Liverpool to Sydney, 88 days out. Williamstown Police OouKT.— James Laing, master of the ship Glenroy, from London, was, on Friday last, on the prosecu tion of Mr. Broad, immigration officer, Qned by lieutenant Pasco £5 and costs, for not having a passenger- list. The Kent.— This veesel was towed tjy a steamer about twelve miles iown the bay last night, and thence ptoceeded, with a fan wind, upon her homeward voyage. She takes about two hundred passengers and full freight of 'wool and colonial produce. The Coila, schooner, which was stranrted a short time ago off this port, was brought to the hammer on Friday last, and fetched the sum of £50 : her cargo realised £62. Both were purchased by Messrs. M'Kenzie and Co., who are now unloading her merchan dise. - 6ipj-s Lnrtd Quardinn. The Lawrtbkce Ffiosr.^-The case of the Lawrence Frost, which ran aground in Augmt last, off the Quarantine Station, came oefore the consideration of the Supreme Court yesterday, in the form of an action, brought by Pilot Singleton against the captain, to recover £22? for salvage, and lor his services in getting the vessel afloat. It will be remembered that at tbe time it was con sidered a hopeless case ; and it was etatcd in evidence on the the trial that even Lloyd's agent advised the abandonment of the stranded ship. But Pilot Singleton was not without hope of saving her, and Captain Aitclieson, whose wnole wealth was con- * tained in her, having given her up into his charge, he got her off in ten days. Now, considering that tbe captain valued his ship at £24,000, and her cargo at £B0,00u, one would have thought that a couple of hundred pounds was not too exorbitant a remuneration to expect. Captain Aitcheson, however, thought that £15 might pay for the rescue of the ship; but, unfortunately for him, the jury who tried the case took a more just and liberal view of Mr. Singleton's services, and awarded him £200 in addition to the captain's handttome gratuity. Tbe skipper is not now in the colony, having been allowed to leave on finding securities against the result of the action. But tbe most important piece of information elicited on the trial, and wmch we believe has not been before made public, was that the stranding of the vessel was wholly and solely the fault of tbe cap tain, who, without consulting the pilot, ordered the anchor to be let go, and on seeing his nearly fatal error, denied his order, and attributed it to the carpenter having let his mall fall on toe svopper. — Melbourne .. tru*dt March 12. 