Bales by JLuoUan. THIS DAY. To BUlhrd-Tabto Proprietors, Pub 'cans, and Others. An Invoico ol Thurston's Billiard Fittings, For Unreserved Sale, Fortho Benefit of Whom It May Concern. SIMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at tho Commercial Pules Room, on Ptlday, 11th inst., at twclvo o'cloc!-. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concom, 0 hllllard-cloths, C yardi er .li 12 dozon cues 200 billia) d-balls, assoitcd 2 l-10tli and 2 l-8th 1,000 best French cue-tips 2 sctai'u«hloincomploto, in mahogany frames, pockets, &c.; Terms at Salo. 2848 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeeper?, Dealer?, Pu'illcans. and Othorr. Extensivo Sale of General Morcbandlso. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 11th flint., at twolvo o'clock, 200 Atkins Gould's D.R. Cork buttor, guaranteed 100 do O'Brlon'b do, do 200 do Gould's D.R. Cork butter, not guarantood 200 oasis bottled fruits, 2 drzon each 100 do salad-oil, half-pints, o dez. each 100 do Bardinoa, half-tins 100 rio do, qunrlor do 160 boxes Belmont sperm candles, No. 0, 25 lb3. cacli 20 caaes hlcnchod glrgcr 16 barrels unMeachcJ do 60 do currants 50 do pun 1 harley 60 cases pint pickles, 4 doz. each 10 do qunit vinegar 20 quartet-casks French vinegar 10 Illida, do 5C0 cases Svt'alne, Boord, and Co.'a old tom, 1 doz, each 100 do Evans's old tom. 1 nor,, each 50 quarter- casks Swaine, Boord, aud Co.'a old tom 20 hhds. Booth's old tom 0 do primo Scotch whiskey 250 caskB Morice, Cox, and Co.'s porter, 4 doz. each 400 do Byass'8 porter, 4 doz. oach. Terms Liberal-Doclarod atSalo. 2313 THIS DAT. To Grocers, Country Storekoopors, Dealers, and Othors. 600 Casos Salad OH, 2-Dozon Each. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 11th mst., at twolvo o'clocki 600 cases salad oil, 2 dozen each, In Lots to Suit Purchasers. Tenus at Salo. 2880 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER, lo Small Capitalists, Markot Gardoners, and Othors. Snug Property. Situoto on ho Main Road from Flemington, Hoar the Residence of Captain Buckley. SYMONS and PERRY will soil by ' auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 14th iiiBt., at twclvo o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, part of allotment 12 of section 4, parish of Doutta Galla, having n frentogd of lOOfoot to tho mnin Government road fiom flemington, and a frontage of 112 feet 2 inches to Jliddlo-slreot, by a dopth of 114 feet 8 Inches. ,_ Together , with a largo weldon building erected on tho same, suitable for a store. TerraB at Sale. Tho abovo is only threo rallo distant from Mel. bourne.and vory near the residence of Captain Buckley 2809 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. Emorald Hill. Valuablo Freehold Propel ty. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auotion, at tho Commorcial Sales Room, on Monday, 14th lnst., nt twolvo o'clock, All that piero or parcel of land having n frontage of 20 feet 4 inches to Park-street, by a depth of 79 foot, being lot No. 10 on plan of siidivislon of allotments Kos. 4 and C of section 16, Emerald Dill. Together with A substantially-built two-storied house, oicetcdontho mint, containing six rooms nnd shop : a handsomo balcony lu front. Titlo Unoxooptionttblo. This desirable proporty is at present producing a rental of £S0 per annum, tho tonant being Mr. Os> home, who ia doing un excellent business as a butcher. Trillen has been o-tablisliod four ; cars. Terms at Sale. 2809 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. Important to Porsons Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. "Unreserved Sale of the Entiro Stock-in-Trado of Mr. Lipshut, 122 Swauston-strcet, near Lonsdale-strcet, in consequence of an Action of Ejectment. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from Mr. Lipshut lo sell by auction, «st his premises, 1£2 Swnnstonstrcot, near tho corner of Lonsdalc-street, on Monday, 14th inst,, at ono «Mock «harp, Thewhcleof lils stock of elegant household furni- ture, &c;, comprising Wardrobes Bookcases Sideboards Gheffloncers, in roBowood and mahogany Loo tables, do do Dining do Pembroke do Dressing do Sofas, in hair, cloth, and leather Couches, do do Bedstead sofas Washstands and tollotto sots Stuffed chairs, in bair cloth and li athel Chests of drawers of every description , Pier and tollotto glasses of all sizes American wood and cane seated chairs Booking chairs, in wood, cano, and huir Easy obairs, in hair-cloth and leather Iron bedsteadB of every description Cedar bedsteads MattresscB, feather beds, pillows, &c.; Two rosewood pianofortes. Also, An invoico of bird cages. Terms at Salo. The attendance of tho trade and porsons fui null! i r 5b particularly rcqueatod to tho abovo sale of fi -t class household furniture, and as the whole of th > «hove must bo cloarod out of tho promises hy Wjl nesday next, the whole will bo sold without ntiy io tcrvo. it 07 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. Important Salo Of Valuable City Property, in Bourko-stroet, At present Occupied by Messrs. SYMONS and PERRY To Capitalists, Speculators, Tradesmen, Public Com- panies, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, in consoquonco of tholr oarly removal 5nto now premises in Collins- strcot, on Monday, 34th inst., at twclvo o'clock, The proporty in which thoy are at present carrying Cn their business, known as THE COMMERCIAL SALES ROOM. All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage ot SO ¡feet to Bourko- stroet by a depth of 163 fcotto a light-of-way leading into Littlo Bourke- strcet, being part of allotment No. S of section No. 21 City of ¡Melbourne. « Togethor with S ho handsome and substantially-built premises erected on the same, .comprising auction-room, 70 feet in length and proportionate height, well lighted, and elaborately plastered, sot of offices, commodious atono strong- room, kltchon, and storoman's rooms, and largo Store adjoining, thus covering the wholo of tho land. Also, All that substantial and commodious brick-built ?jstoro In the same occupation, and contiguous to the abovo premises, known as The Post Oflloo Store, Icing' 60 foot square and two stories high, fitted with ¡tramways and other appliances for doing a largo geno ïal business. It communicates with Littlo Bourko Btrcet by the same right-of-way as that leading to tno 'Auction Mart, and with Bourko-stroot by a nght-of tvay 0 feet wide, at present used as olliccs by tho pro- prietor of tho "Molbourno Morning Herald.'' Title excellent, The properties abovo described will bo sold in one Bot if intending purchasers wish, or separately, as may 3bo desired. Both havo been built within a rccom ¡period, in the most approved manner. Tho situation is undoubtedly aa valuaulo as any In tbe city for all de- scriptions of retail or wholesale business, Bourko street being now the great contre of trado and trafila Jtrom all parts of tho interior. Terms-Ono-third cash, and romalndor by billa at three, six, and nino months, tho two latter bearing tank interest. Note.-Possession of tho promises will bo given on Ihe 1st day of January, 1858. 2734 r PRELIMINAR? NOTICE Important to tho Boot and Shoe XrarJo, Storoko»pors, Dealers, and Othors stcnslvoSolo of Four Hundred Trunks «ifTlrst-class Seasonable Goods, S--, -IIÏÇ0itcd b> MeBsrs Hyam and Co YMONS and PERRY have receive4 Instructions from Messrs. Hyam and Co to toll b> auction, at tho Commercial Sales Room, on an earlv ony, duo notlco of which will bo eh en, 400 trunks boots and shoos- I An extensive and varied as»ortmont of men's women s, and children's boots and shoes, of very superior make mid finish, and woll suited lor the present and coming season nw/ÜT" V°.îy f1*"T". declared at Sale. ü-urtüor particulars in futuro advertisement _2907 1 , A-.in A/A a, I In tho Estate of Mr John Fahey- I By Order of tho Official Assignee. . , I STUBBS and SON hav* - " k » » structions ft*- - lUc,eiVCd. in " Courtney,'Esq. Offlcial As- \ .". te submit}^ public a«g*{_* *£&-% Cueen street, on ErUÍaj, 11th Septemuer, » ^Än^Ä'ioiicd properties, wltUall building» »n?imp"ent» on the^several $°'T^tantood. »Ianthe township of Do, allotment 10, section *S_*3_t_» towmhip of Do , allotment 10, seetiou ^BT^X^TX^O, section T'A-ín the township of Malmesbury, allotment 5'LofrÄ"oTn°sWP oi Do , allotment 3. section 30,troll ac c r I, r-Hotui.nb l, io t Salea by AnoUos. THIS DAY. {Building Allotments,! Prahran. Fronting Albert and Vino Streets. STUBBS and SON will sell by public auction, at their rooms, Qucon-strcet, on Friday, 11th lnst., at twolvo o'clock, Allotments 83 and St, per plan, in tho pariBh of Prahran, having lach a frontago of 40 foot to Albort. and Vino streets, by a depth of 90 foot. Plan of abovo may bo Boon at tho rooms. Torms at Salo. 2884 SMELTING FURNACES. Now in good Working Order. Just Landod. STUBBS and SON will sell by publio auction, on tho premises, No. Ill Little Lons dale-street, on Tuesday, 16th inst., at twolvo o'clock, Two poworf ul smelling furnaces, in good working ordor, vvoll adapted lor smoltlng black sand or __ othor minorais, togothor with all necessary" implements, Also, 80 cruelblos i ton India lead, in ingots. Tboro is also an elovon months' loaso of tho pro- mises, which can be convoyed to tho purchasers, if noceseary. 2884 ~ NEW BRICK RESIDENCE. Mvoli-placo, South Yarra, (Just Flniahod.) STUBBS and SON bavo been in structed to Boll by public auotlon, at tholr rooms, on Monday, 14th inst., at twclvo o'clock, That very handsomo brick-built cottage, in tho abovo foshlonablo locality, containing wido and lofty hall, drawing, dining, and four bed rooms, together with attached kitchen and cell ir. Portion of tho woodwork gTalnod, tho rooms uoatly papend, and it is just tho place for A Small Family. It is Delightfully Situated on tho Punt Hill. Terms-One-third Cash, mid tho residuo in bills nfc three and six months, bearing 8 por cent, interest. _2884 SADDLE HY STOCK-IN-TRADE. STUBBS and SON baye received in- structions from Messrs. Yoo and Manson (who ara about rotlring from business) to loll by public auction, on tho premises, Queou-fitrcct, on Wednesday, 10th inst., at elovon o'clock, The stock, consisting of ' Saddles, bridles, breast-plates, martingales, glg hnrncsB (silver and brass), cart-harness (brass and plain), brass and plated cart-harness fur- niture, brasa and plated gig do do, silver and brass torrlts (nssoriod patterns), glg-whips, silver - mounted jockoy's hunting-whip", (bradod whalebone), gut and malacca do, spuia (assorted), thongs, stock, hunting, gig, and four horse, do, hitti, carriage, gig, chifnoy, Portsmouth, Pelham, ladlos' fancy check, &c;, curb-chains, haines, trace-chnfus, back do, cart gear. A largo quantity of sundry articles, Se. Also, Tho goodwill and fixtures, If not proviouely dis- posed of. _Terms at Salo._2884 ELEGANT HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. Pictures by the First Mnstors, Statuettes after tho most Classical Subjects, Bas-Rclicvos, Modulions, Parisian Ornaments, CbaiidolIerB, Mirrors, Plato, EngravlngB, Weapons, Carriego, Gig, Harness, &c.; STUBBS and SON are instructed by H. Cbnmbors, Esq. (who Is about to rcniovo from his present rosldonco) to offer to public competi- tion, on tho premises, No. 26 VHoria-parado, on Thursday, 17th inst . at twclvo o'clock prcclBOly, Tho surplus portimi of his very elegant and well assorted household furniture and eflccta, consisting of Verandah and Hall. Hat and umbrella eland, and hall chairs, tele- scope (large, 3J-lncli dlamotor), with mahogany caso and stand, and several powora ; micro- scopical Instrument, with various powerB, &c;, completo ; double-barrelled fowltnc-picco, with case and implements completo, by Purdy; patent turning-latho, with box imple- ments, ¿te. Drawlng-Room. Carved bluckwood solos, couchCB, octagon loo tnblo, marblo-toppcd tablcB, chcfTonnicr, otto- mans, conversational, gondola, Prio Dieu, and other chairs ; cabinet, &c;, made to order by Thwaites and by Crooke ; mirrors, chimney ornaments, porcelain vases, gilt bronze ormolu clock and branch candlesticks, with stands and shades : lustres, painted porcolain mode- rator lamps, raised porcelain bottles ; picturcB in oil, by Glovor, Torbourg, Horring, Lo Polntvlllo, M'Ion ; statuettes in Parian alabas- ter, and biscuit framoa, mcdallous, statu- ettes, &e.; Dltiing-Room. Mahogany side-board, do telescopo dining-tablo, do library do, with dravverB, mirror, busts in alabaster of Shokspearo and Milton, tho Sjdnoy Heads, In watorcoloro, by MaBtors; pictures, In oils and watorcolorB, statuette", violin (Cremona), &,c. Library (In Draw lug and Dining Rooms). Two largo nupotb cedar-wood book-case«, with carved pillara, plate-glass and polishod panels, and stand for stationery, cabinet, ice, Hillary ornament", and upwards of 1,000 volumes of well-selected works on scientific, classical, theological, historical, biographical, botanical, Uno arts, natural history, poetical, travelB, fiction, &c.; (Soo cataloguo ) Stable Yard. Very elegant mid well built and finished commo- dious family opon carriage, with movcabio coach-box, shafts, and polo, &c;, set double harness, do tandem do, singlo do. Many Miscellaneous Articles, All of the best dcscilptlon, too numerous to mon tlon, and for which the public aro roforrcd to tho catalogues, which will ho printed and circulated by tho auctlonoora before tho salo. Tho public will bo admitted to inspect botwoen tho hours of twolvo and four o'clock tho day prior to tho Bale. _Terms nt Salo._2SS4 THIS DAY. 5 Cases Folt Hats. To Drapers, Storekeepers, and Others. W- EASEY and CO. will sell by . auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 Collins street west (opposite their old mart), on Frjdjy, 11th inst., at devon o'clock, 5 casos felt hats. TcrniB at Salo._2-80 ~~ THIS DAY. SO Trunks Arnot lean Boots. To Boot and Shoe Makers and Others. \S7 EASEY and GO. will sell, by » . auction, at tholr temporary rooms, 34 Collins street west (opposite tholr old mart), on Friday, 1'til inst., at eleven o'clock, 30 cases American boots. To «o Sold to Oloso Accnii.ts. No Reaorve._ 2880 THIS DAY. To Drapers, Clothiers, Storekeepers, Doalers, a'ld Othors. 47 Cases Drab and Mlllors' Molos, AVorstcd Cord Trousers, &c.; I Manchester Prints, &c.; W EASEY and CO. will sell by o auction, at their temporary room«, 34 Cit llns-stroot wost, on Friday, 11th inst., at olevon o'clock, 5 casca drab and millers' molo trousors 6 do Bedford cord do 3 do pantaloons 2 do folt hnts 2 do tweed trousers. , L in trianglo, B in trianglo under, § 14,15-2 cases, 30 pieces, 5-4 whito ground coloro priuta § 10,17-2 do, 30 do, full 54 do do ti 18-1 db, 60 do, 7-8 glazed furn ituro 12 do alnglo colored stripe do 24 do 7-8 four and two colors L over AB, £ 090-51 7-8 domestica. ! L over B, § 35-199 colored and check children's drosses fe 004 -SO dozon black beaufort ties. 2 over MF in trianglo, § 462-80 dozon drab, lavender, and sky Circas- sians. LB. G undor, 1 caso, 50 doz., Aboidcon half-hoso. AC in diamond, § 473-1 ca6c, 100 doz., mon's brown and gio.' 'half hoso ' . g 474-1 do do do, 0 baleB, b!uo mid groy Witney blankets. The auctioneers beg to call tho attention of, tho trade to the above sale, boing now goods, and to bo sold, "* Without Rosorvo. _2853 THIS DAY. 600 Dozon Tumblors. , To Glass and China Doalcra and Otho«. ;- ' W EASEY and CO. will sell, by Y T * auction, at tholr tomporary rooms, 34 Collin* Blrcct west (opposito their old matt), on Friday, 11th inst., at eleven o'clock, 1 ' 600 dozen tumblors. ' To bo Sold at Elevon o'clock sharp, Prior to tho Dra pory Sale. ; No Reserve 2858 ? THIS DAY. -,_ J? Earthenware Dealers and Othors. OT EASBY and 00. will sell'by 1 ,,* * , . auction, at thoir temporary rooms. 31 Col .Una-Btreot west, (opposite their old martT)'on Fr . át>y> >_Q '«»t., at eleven o'clock, A MTJJvoJr-o of carthonwaro, comistlnir of cJ10? »M saucers PlaW l - ' Dishes Jugs Mugs Chambers - - s BowL, _ '_ _..^ and tumblers, itc. i ¿ White and gold china breakfast sets, aborted. Terms at Sole. N.B.-At Eleven o'clock sharp, 2gEg MONDAY, 14th 8EPTEMBKU. ' 8.175 Bags Fine German Oats. The Entire Cargo of: the Ocein, from Bremen. To Storekeeper, Corn Factors, Coach Proprietors, Contractors, and Others. TET EASBY and CO. have received fV . Instructions from tho importers to sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, Oolllns-stroct, on Monday, 14th inst., at cloven o'clock, The entire cargo of tbo Ocean, from Bremen, con- sisting ol 8,176 bags fino German oats. The Autlionccrs beg to call tho attention of tho trado and others to this salo of oat», tho sai pie bolntc splendid, and perhaps tbo finest c\cr exhijitcd.nncl tl.e whole will ' i v ltd''i ' V M. ~- «. -.l-l. .-UOJ Salea toy Auction. MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. 100 Barrels Fluur. To Bakers, Grocer?, Sioicke-opers, and Others. - OT EASBY and CO. will sell by, 'lo uucllon, it the'.r tompnrarv rooms, 34 Col Jil s-stroet west, opposite their old niait, on Monday 14 th innt., ut rlovon o'clock, 260 barróla Araeiienui flour. Guaranteed, and to bo Sold to Closo a Shlpm'ont. '1 i-rm-i lit Sulo. 2889 MONDAY, 11th SEPTEMBER. BO Tons Liverpool Salt, Ooarso. l8 Ho Dr. p.., Furn _ To Grocers. Storckcopors, and Others. OT" EASBY and CO. will sell by Ti e auction, at thoir teinpnrary rooms, 34 Collins-street vest (opposite their old mart), on Mon dnj', 14th inst., at'levon o'clock, 60 tons coarso Liverpool suit IS do fino do do. Terms at Sale. 2880 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. 280 Kegs Blasting Powder. . _To Ironmongers, Qunrrymen, anil Olhora. OT EASBY and CO. will sell by » * » auction, at tholr tomporary rooms, 84 Ool lhis-streot west (opposito their old mart), on Monday, 14th inst., at eleven o'clock, 280 kegs bhv,tlnif powder. Torms at Salo._2830 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. 00 Bags Adulaldo Flour. To Bakers, Groeors, Storoke-epors, and Olhors. W EASBY and CO. will sell by » auction, at their tomporary rooms, 84 Col 'lins-stroct west, (opposito their old mart), on Monday, 14th inst., ¡it cloven o'clock, 00 bags Adelaido flour, f Moro or Less Damaged by Soa Water, And to bo Sohl for tbo Bonefit of Whom it May Concern. No Rosorvo. 281 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. Iron Housos, Stores, Fonclng, Gates, & c. To Speculators, Noivly Arrived Immigrants, Builders, Stoiekeopcrs, and Others. \X7 EASBY and CO. have received Tt * instructions from tho proprietor, to Boll by auction, ut their temporary mart, Colllns-streot, on Monday, 11th inst., r.t cloven o'clock, 2 Mlddlumass's patent house-, 16 x 21,8 foot high 1 do do elo ami shop, 3(1 x 12, 8 do 2 four roomed iron lieuses 1 neimning's palont iron houso, 2 rooms 1 do do do, 3 roouia 1 do do do, 3 rooms 1 Iron house nud i.toi-o. Also, A quantity of i'-on fencing, consisting of standard!, scrowpoats, fnrm-gntos, wickets, &c.; After which, 050 turned deal table legs 1,000 beech wedges 2,600 treenails Pitch, resin, Slngagoro sashos, ¿te. Tenus ut Salo. 2853 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. On tho Australian Wharf. 2,847 Red Deals. To Timber Merchants, Hulldori-, Contractors, and Others. W EASBY and« CO. will sell by . auction, on tho Australian Wharf, on au early day, so sojii as lauelcd, Ex Wizard King, 2,847 deals, 0x3 1,2, and 3 cuts and solid, From 10 to 22 foot lengths. A picken lot. Further Particulars In Futuro Advortlsonionts. _2709 THIS PAY. Damaged 72 inch Sheeting and Scarlet Blankots. To hu Sold for tho Benefit of all Ouiicerncd. AG-. M'COMBE will sell by ano . tion, in his rooms, CoP'r^-Btreot, next the Bank of Australasia, on Kiiduy, 11th ¡nat., at eloven o'clock, MB conjoined in diamond, § 87-1 halo 20 pieces 72-inch obooting-, No. 4, lOOSi yards § 180-1 bale 20 piecea, do. No. 4,1007 yards § 177-1 halo 20 pieces, do. No 6,1076 yards § 180-1 bale ¡carlet blankets. All moro or less damaged. To bo reid for tho benefit ot all concornod. Without Reservo. 285C THIS DAY. 500 Boxos French Sperm C.iudlcs. 260 Boxes Piieti's Belmont do do. \ G. M'COMBE will sell by auction, JuL . in his rooniB, Collins-street, next the Bank ol Australasia, on Friday, 11th Inst., at eloven o'clock, 600 boxes French sporm candles, largo sixes 260 boxes Prico's Belmont do, sixos. Further Particulars and Torms at Solo. _2850 THIS DAY. 860 Bags of Danish Oats. Bataneo of tho Cargo ox Dorothea. All Now Landiig. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, . lu his r< oms, Collins-street, next the Bi-ik ol Australasia, on Friday, nth lust., at eleven o'clock, Ex Dorothea, F O, 850 bass of Danish oats, each 4 bushels, all of which will bo landed to day. A latgo sample of tho hulk is on view at tho roo Bil of tbo Auctioneer. Terms at Salo. 2338 ~~ ' THIS DAY. 85 Barrels, each 2 civt., Pearl Biirlrj-. To ho Sold Without lîojcrvo. A G. M'COMBE will bell by auction, __. lo lils rconiB, Oollhis-strict, nuxt tho Bank c1 Australasia,'.on Friday, 11th mst., at oleveu o'clock, 85 barrels, each 2 owl., pearl liailej. To bo Sold to Close u Shipment. Without Reservo. 28! THIS DAY. To Painters and Uthors." TJnrcsorvod Salo of 100 Kogs of Oil Paint, Assorted Coluid. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, . in lils rooms, Collin,-su cet, nuxt the Bank ol Australasia, on Fiiday, nth hist., ut eleven o'clock, 100 koga of oil paint, ussortcil colors, To bj Sold Without Any Uesorvo. 2335 ~~ THIS DAY. 7 Half-tlcrcea or Barratt'» Twist Tobacco, Anchor Brand. Guaranteed. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, . in his rooms, Collins-street, nuxt tbo Bank of Australasia, on Fiiday, nth hist., at eleven o'clock, M, lUO unelor, 4 half tierces Barratt's twist Uibacco, anchor brand K, 100 under, 8 do do. All Guaranteed Genuine. TonuB at Sale. 2833 THIS DAY. 42 Casos Bj-ass's Bottled Stout. 100 Cases Truman's dtnut. To bo Sold Without Reservo. A G. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, . in lils rooms, Collins-stroot, next tho Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 11th hist,, at oIovoj o'clock, 42 cases Byass's bottlod stout 100 cases Truman's do. To bo Sold without Rosorvo. 2888 ' THIS DAY. Unreserved Salo,of 280 Casos of Tobacco. AG. M'COMBE is instructed by . Messrs. John Ross and Co., to sell by miction, in lils rooms, Collina- streot, next tho Bank ol Aus tralabia, on Friday, 11th inst., at cloven o'clock, 28 }boxes tobacco, M'lUo's, tens 81 cases do, Jackson's, J Ibu 11 dodo, Walter Wood's, do 4 do do, Hlndlcy's, do 06 do do, Diadem's, do 110 do do, various brands. Tho Wholo to bo Sold to Closo Consignments. Without any Rotorro. 2807 THIS DAY. To Drapers and Haberdashers. 0 Cases of Foster, Poitor, and Co.'s Suporior Hosiery, Habordaiherj, ko. Just Landed. A G. M'COMBE will edi by auotiou, jA.e in his rooms, Collins-street, noxt tho Bink of Australasia, on Friday, 11th Inst, at olovon o'clock, V S & Co., In diamond, § 351-1 case or line white cotton hoso and socks § 852-1 do do do § 363-1 do mon'a and women's whito and brown colton lioso, and half-hoso § 866-1 do «iris', women's, and mon's do jj 360-1 do boys' leather, silk ribbon, velvet, and woll-assorted liaberdasliory $ 300-1 do ladles' whito sattoen, coutillo, and silk stitched stays, &c.; All Very Supeilor Goods, And Well Worthy tho Attention oftho Trado. Torms at Salo. 2850 THIS DAY. As* ,1°5 Dozon Soft Felt nats. ' , G-. M'COMBE will sell by auction J of A?,»ti?in?|1"STm",V??"lnB-6troot' «ext tho Bank S'clolk, ' Ü"y' llth isaA> at eXeY0"\ _Furt'lierPartlculanat Sale. 2860" ~ i'pis day; * i Ali. jj*. .* i ,"111 sou by auction,} B in hi» room«, Collins-street, noxt tho Banni of Australoiia, W Friday, Uti« inst., ut cloven! "Ânuantity of miscellaneous furniture. Without Reserve._2869 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. 20 8-10 TonB of Adolaldo and Colonial Flour, To ho Sold Without Reservo, To Close Accounts. A G. M'COMBE will sell by auction J . in his rooms, Collins-street, nott tho Ban)] j of AuBtialasla, on Monday, 14th lnst, %t olovoji I o'clock, ? f 42 bags flour, South Esk 10 bags do, Kxcter i 0 lings do, Wiskford ICO higa do, no brand i tb if a d , (1 ,. I 11 ii t l ' lo" Äwnuut', Sales by Auotlon. THIS DAY. For tho Benoflt of Whom It May Concern. Ono Case Ladles' Leghorn Hats. - - J WADE, of Wade,and Gowan, . will sell by auction, at his mart, 80 Colllni Mricteaat, on Friday, 11th inst., at twolvo o'clock, 1 oiEO ladle*' and gilla' leghorn hats. Moro or Lota Damaged by Soa Wator. Torms-Cash. 2033 THIS DAY. Panami nats, T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, O e will sell by auction, at hlB mart, 8c Collins meet last, on Friday, lltli inst., at twclvo o'clock, 4 sorons superior Panama hats. Tonna at Salo, 2908 THIS DAY. Drapery Salo. To Wnrohousomon. To Dinpors and Milliners. Storekeepers, and Doalors, and Buyers for Gold Fields. 1 WADE, of Wade and Gowan, ti . has much pleasure in informing the trado anti public, that ho will sell by publlo auction, at his mint, SO Collins-stroot oast, on Friday, 11th hist., at eleven o'clock, sharp, Ino following now and soasonablo goods 9-8 whltc-giound prints Curtniu-not Black ducapo and satin Beaufort ties Women's black and whlto cotton hose Super, fashionable cotton socks Gent'« Paxton collars India-rubber braces, buck ends Men's Aberoloen half-hose Printed llama squnio shaula Ciiahmero long shaw Is Damask and satin chcoks Ludios,'whito ooutillo stnv s Black sarsnot ribbone Childi en'n alpnea and merino frocks Shepherds' plaid scaifa Bovs' plaid coats, with vests Printeel furnitures 33 inch sheetings , . Riding-habits mid chomiBOttos 7-8 Grahamo's plates > Groy American shirts Do lambsvvool half-hoso Men's lambswuol pantaloons Fancy silk handkorchiofs Bo.! b' and j ouths' fanoy trousors 5-8 lawn handkerchiefs Whlto and checked crinoline 7-8 colton diapers 0-4 sky Circassians Drab and alato crumb-cloths Men's black felt hats Do regatta shirts Boys' capí, Bilk lined Silk glared cups ^: Scotch tuilled shirts Drab molo IrouscM Drill tiouscrs. Tho abovo goods ate vvoll worth tho attention o storekeepers and buy ors from the diggings. _ Terms at Sale._2835 TUESD V.Y, 16th SEPTEMBER. Salo of Household Furniture, At the Reiidctice of Mr. J. Dodgshtin, corner of RcBslyn-stroetand Sponcer-strcot, near the Flagstaff, North Mclbourno. To Householders. Dcalora and Others. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, lia? received instructions from Mr. J. Dodgshun to 'di by auction, at hU resldoi.co, as abovo, on Tuesday, Ifith inst, commencing at twolvo o'clock, Iho wholo of his superior household ¡furniture, con- sisting of Mahogany cheíTonier, loo table, 2 cosy chairs, (J hair-seated chaira, 1 writing sccrotarlo, 1 sot of papier machio trays, 1 largo bronzo fondor and act of irons, 1 largo niodcratour lamp, plated cruet- stand, damask and muslin cur- tains, fitted with poles, superior brusicls car- pet and velvet pilo rug and crumb-cloth, colonial mado fofa, arm obalrs, vi ire safo, vvashstunds, bedroom chairs, dressing Ubica, u.ii run, carpets, chests of draweis, bedding;! and linen, 1 brass canopy bedstead, 1 hand- some drekslng-table, 1 wash-stand marble) bhbjplcturcs, imlrmattresscB, toilet services, 1 Iron bedstead and hair mattress, drcBsing tablc with marble slab, an elegant dinner ser vlco complete, ivorj handled tablu killie} and olo-sert knives, and cloctro-plntod forks. Also, Tho kitchen utensils, ami a varloty of other useful articles, Sale will commence) at twclvo o'clock sharp. Pliaso Note tho Address abovo. _ Torms-Cash. 2004 AUOTIONIiERS' NOTICE; To Merchants, Storel« epuis, and tho Trade of Melbourne. '] LYONS und CO. havo the tJ e honor to aunounco thnt the cxtoiuiivo altera- tions on their p.-cmlsi » are now completed, and that the Iniprnvcmonta effected havo been carefully ar- ranged « ith a vlow to admit of increased faellitlos for Ftorage ni d the reception and salo of every class of valu- able mer Imndlse, J. L. and Co avail thomsolyes of this opportunity to tender tholr thanks lo the mel chun's und Hhop keepcin of Mclbourno for tho permanent patronago txtoi.tkd to thom, and to assure tho publlo that It will I nlwa}s bo their aim by uniformity of dea'ing bolviccii ,-vendor and purchaser to secure that success which has 'ni»njs e'laroetctised the management of these sale- rooms. Tho constant transfers and valuations of land and houso property, ile, passing through their hands enable the proprietors at nil timos to furnish tholr con stitucnts with tho current valuo of ovoiy djscilptlon of property. Advances to any amount immediately mado on In- voices and goods placed In tholr caro for salo, and the tenus of solo will always bo conducted on tho moat llbiral tolma. J. L, and Co., in conclusion, beg to observo, Umtali goods stored with them for salo aro fully insured from damage by Oro. 2000 ' SATURDAY, 12th SEPTEMBER Cabinot Wares, Fancy Ooods, Cutlery,CandL4Icks,Jsj. T LYONS and CO. have received ti . instructions from the importers to sull by auction, al tho Now Commercial Saloa Room, Bourto strcot, on buturday, 12th lnst., at eleven o'clock pro "clsoly, Without Reserve, 10 casca superior fancy goods, &c;, comprlBlng Bagatelle boards, various bízcb Rosowood and wah ut work-tables Whatnots Music stools Papier machio tables Fancy do, slate tops Workboxoi AVi ¡ting-desks Nottli g and oin elopo eases in great variety Reading-desks and bool,-s)idcs Inkstands 2 cises hi asa chamber candlesticks Sportsmen'* knives Tv o a no1 three blodcd pocket cutlery Meci-clianin pipos Bil li. id do, in cases Pipo tnbcH Do, with .iiubi'r mouth-plocoB Railway pipeu Horn anti amber inouth-plcccs Dhudcen und cutty pipos Comba of a'l ninds Portcmoniinioa and portomonnalo bags. Tenus-Cash. No Reservo._2804 SATURDTyTÏ2th SEPTEMBER. Comba. Combs. ..ombs. T LYONS and CO. will sell by auc t) . tion, at tho Now Commercial Sales Room« Bourke-strcot, on Saturday, 12th hist., An Invoico of very superior combs, comprising Tortoise-hell back, uiesslug, and sido combs Buffalo do do do ttiiinod, mottled, and whlto horn do, In great val Icty. No Reservo. ; Tel iiiB-Cash._2887 " SATURDAY, l£th SEPTEMBER. Unredoomod Fledges. I T LYONS and CO. will sell by <Ú m nuclioi!, at the New Commercial Salea Room, Bourko street, on Saturday, 12th ¡list., at olovoii o'clock to a minute. A variety of unredeemed pawnbroker's pledges, be- longing to Mr. Curucull, Little Bouiko-strcot, ccm j rising Gold and "diver watchos Bupoi lor gold rings Bracelets ana other jowollory Clothing, &c.; Terms-Cash. No Reservo. _2864 ' " THIS DAY. Bacon, Hams, Cheese PE. BEAVER and CO. will causo . to ho sold by auction, at tholr rooms, 33 Collin;-Mrcct west, on Friday, lltli lnst., at olovou o'clock, 6 tons smoked bacon 1 du do hams 1 do do ahouldors 1 do cheese, assorted. Without Reserve. Terms-Cash. 2857 THIS day: To Close Accounts. To Storekorpora and Others. FE. BEAVER and CO. will causo « to be »old by auction, at their rooms, 80 Collli > >t reel west, on Friday, 11th hist., at cloven o'clock, J, S. and Co., 13 bags oats, 4 bushels oach 30 reams wrapping paper 5 tons flour 2 do soap 1 doling flab. Also, A quantity of sundries, viz. : Vermicelli, soda, whiting, 50-lb. weights, &c.; 2857 THIS DAY. ', Furniture. To Furniture Brokers, Parties Furnishing, &c.; Ii E. BEAVER and CO. will cause . to he sold by auction, at their rooms, 80 " ". --streot (west, on Friday, llt.li lnst., at olovoa o'clock, ' _ ,. Á largo assortment of useful and substantial nous, hold furniture, chiefly comprising' Mahogany chairs, do tahlos, sidoboard, mahogany hair-cloth Bofas and couches, iron and other bedsteads, tollot and wash-tables and glasses, towel alrcrs, metal fondera, fire-irons, kitchen requisites, culinary utcmlls, &o.; Without Rcsorvo. Terms-CoBh._89F7_ ' ~ THIS DAY. Potatoes. Fotatoos. FE. BEAVER and CO. will causo . to ho sold by auction, at tholr rooms, 86 Col lins-rtrrct west, on Friday, 11th inst, at cloven o'clock, iC t<-u<! i-r^olot^, . ?; i.'. : v. t. ..t, »limit. RfiRfirVB. »S'JO Salen toy Auction. TUESDAY, Oth OCTOBER Scrow Steamer« AN1 And MARION To Steam liavlgation Companies, Steam ship Pro Çriotors, Sliip Omicio, and thos- Engaged in tho rtercolonial, Goolonir, anelBaj Traies FE BEAVER and CO aro in e structcil tiv tho preprlotors, and will causo to be sold bv auction, at llicirroims 10 r0l ins striol wckt, on lucsdiij, Oth Octobor at oloion o clock, borcw st amor ANT 121 lons register, 26 horse pone ¡, built of lion, in the year 1864, on tho nouent and most approved con btruction, m watertight conip-ir» monta, with oxtr» iron rlatiB rivottcd to tho deck, mid lennie lions. Tho Engluas aro of 26 horne pow or, dlrocl acting, and fit!ed with all tho modern improvements, includit g disconnecting and expansion goal, Ac , and aie by tho colobratoil engineers Blackwood and Geirdou, of Paisloj, Tim Bollor is tubular, (3 inch tubos,) ol tho strongost and bolt workmanship, ami in excellent ou'or The coj sumption of Tuol Ii6cwt of colonial coal per hour The Cabin Accommodation Is most commodious, anil i cully fitted uo, affording an pío dining- mid s'coi u¿ room for twolio passongors, and la llttcd willi k1 j lights, vonti lators, and bIiIb lights, has been Bil, illy altered, with a \ low of increasing tho .iigo (.np ti hy, but tho li* tings liavo all been carefully kept and tau bo restore 1 ateneo I boro is also a Indios e ibin capablo of a - comme da lug te» passongors, fitted with all tho conve- niences for a passcngoi steamer Her cargo capacity la ?lerj fcrcut, having takon 116 tons coal, exclusive of ti e bunkers, from tho Rlior Mcrsej to Hob-irt Town Eliowlll oisllj uirryiao tons weight and raoasuro mont in Ino hold, besides having treat tapiiolty for deck cargo Her npced is extremely good, sho stea in about 8¿ miles pot houi, witn 151bs to tho Inch, aid undor ciiivns and steam hIio eau rim oleieu mlloi 1 ci lioui dccplj laden Her invontory includes doubla ¿ulta of sills, two boats, patent windi iss nlro riggiiy, water tank SOO gallors, complote outfit of beda, bad elinir, cabin furniture, Ac, all of tho best material mid in excellent oidor She has litilj undergone a completo oi ci haul in hull und umchlnorj, including polnllng .Vc, and may now bo considered lu flrst-rato sea going ordor MARION, 173t-mn register, 260 tons burden, flttod with tvo engines of 40 horso powor Hor dimensions aro 125 foot lonsr, eloptb of hold 10 fcot, beam 90 foot, draught of wator loaded 7 foot 0 Inches The Cabin Accommodation is most spacious and coiufe rt iblo, mel flttod up In th? now est ai d most nppro\ ed manner Sho 1 as deck room for 100 Biles of Wool, or could cenveiiitiitly carry lu oho Horses ' Theil untorj is ino>l complote, and iti-liulesadji 1 j cne,iii , t ^otlcr with all tho licecisari dupllcieos ifmachiiuij ni da most eomplolo oiitllt ofrnoh irs, (hains, witt us, »oatt- Rear, sails masts, <U , till of tlis test manufacture, mid in Urti-rate order Her steaming ipi ilitics oro extremely good, onlly performing Ton Knot« without lho nid or canvaB Tho auctioneer would solicit attention lo tlnso rcnllj superior ^csscls îlisj mo mra too onlj one» In tho miirkot, and Irom their hre,o cnirjmg capacity, cabin accommodation, lightdiaiu_htotwn or, small co ?. sumption of 4 owl pel hour, fast sil'lntr iinatitios, a 11 the rai iel incienso in tho oxicnt aid importance of oui i tei colonial trade, there Is no doubt but tint thej would pi ovo ti most lucra no uivoi-tmciit to bo eiuploj c I coastw he, or if sent on to China or to Lum In Hot a lnrt,o profit mhrht uasoiubly bo anticl 1 atcd In then re sale Icrms Libcial at Salo ft isat tu oot 0ind 6 111IS DAI Timber n id i nings Ex Scotia FRASER and COHEN aie instructed to fell bj auction, nt tho Australian Wharf, on Iridnj, lilli inst, nt twolvo o'olock, Ex Scotia, 10 piceos qunitoriug, 8 foot 200 (lo do, 0 elei 810 tia di, 10 do 181 dodo, 11 do 165 elo do, 12 do 44 do do, 14 do G do do, 10 do 17 do, 0 x3, S to 14 do 30,000 palings, 6 do TorniB at Salo 2803 PRELIMINARY NOTICE 20 Ceses Iron Bcdstcaus und Cribs 6 Cases Chessmen, Backgammon Boards, and Cribbage Beards 2 Cases Ame.rie.lii Cloth 20 Cases Lookini, glasses Lx Charles Croker ERASER and COHEN bavo lcceivoi JL Instructions from tho i nporters, to soil by auc- tion, at the Mart, iib booh as landed Fx Charles Croker, W S in diamond O at side, Î0 cases Iron bceMcads, and tnno bottom cribs 6 cases cbcssinon, backgammon boards, and crib bo0oboaids 2 do American cloth 20 do tnj, h \, and chluinoj fchsses 1 ull particular in futuro i«suo lonna at Salo 2801 PllLLIMlNARY N01IOL. 78 Trunks of Ladles' and Children s ¡summer Boots unit Shoos. I \ Chirles Croker Ï BASER acd COHEN haïo received Instruclioi a from tho imporloi to sell by auction, nttho Malt, ck soon na landed, due notice of which w ill bo given, E\ Charles Croker, ND, within diamond, 178-78 trunks of ^ory superior summer hoots and shoes, the whole being ladles' .ind chil- dren a, and most suitable- tor tho present and coming season 1 ull puitlculars In future issuo Torms Llboral, at Salo 2801 PRELIMINARY NOIICL 104 Ti unten ot first class Boots and Suocs, idanufacturcd by James Davies and Sou a Lx Churlos Croker 1'RASER and COHEN have leceivcd instructions from tho importe ra to so 1 bj auc- tion, at tho Ma-t, in a fow days as boon a., lauded, due notico of which will bo given, Ex Chat lea Croker M G A. Co , 104 trunks men's women's and children s first class boots and shoes Without ttnj Ronorvo. Terms Liberal, at] Full particulars in futura ssuo 2S0i 1UESDAY, 16th St-PTEMBLL Important and Extensivo Sale of thu well known superior Boots and Shoes Manufactured by Edmund Bostock uni 11 ed oiick Bostock, bx Marco Polo and Undaunted FRASER and COHEN have ro ctived instructions fioiu lho impôt tera to tell by auction, at tho Mart, on Tiicsdnj, 16th inst, at eleven o'clock, 104 trunks ot supurloi seasonable boots and shoes, ox Marco Polo and Undaunted, Comprising 88 trunks manufactured by frcdorlck Bostoct 7G do do do Edmund Bout ick Bolng n first elliss assortment of moil's, womon s, and children's boots and shoes 1'ull particulars lu future issue TcrmB -Under £100, uv>h,nbo\o that sum, ap pioied bills (endorsed If rcrjulrcd)iil thioo months' _2804 THIS DAY. To Grocers and Others Penil Sago W M TENNENT and CO. will *V . sell bj auction, at their rooms, on Friday, lilli inst, ut tw eli o o clock, 260 boxes, each 00 lbs, pearl sago , 160 do, each ISO do do Terms at Sale 2834 THIS DAY Damaged Powder For Hie Boneflt ol Whom It May Concern WM TENNENT and CO have . received Instructions to sell by auction, at tholr rooina, Collins strcot, on 1 rlday, 11th hist, at twolvo o'clock, G L and Co, S undor, 87 quarter barrel« blasting powder 40 ono-fifth du el i do 0 do canistci du C casos do do All Moro or Loss Damaged by Sea Wator, And bold for tho Bontfl of Whom It May Concern Terms at Salo 2331 THIS DAY Doors and Sashos W M. TENNENT and CO will Ti . soil by auction, at tholr rooms, Colhns Btrcct, on Triday, 11th Inst, at twcli o o clock, 8 sash doom, glazed 2 panel doora 12 palra Boshes, glazed, 12 x 10 |nd 14 x 10 Torms at Salo 2834 THIS DAY Furnltttro To Cabinolniakors, Private ramil««, Doolors.and Ollie» WM. TENNENT and CO will sell . by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Frldaj.llth inst, at twolvo o'clock, Ofllco tables with drawers Very handsome mahogany chofllonlcr Fancy toilet glasses A variety of engravings _terms at Salo._2858 THIS DAY. Hams. To Grocers, Storekoepore, and OthorB " M. TENNENT and CO will sell W . by auction, :' tlwu* r,0?1T. C°ulna Btreot' I on Fridaj. 11th iiiBt, at twolvo o ï'OÇk, ß0 primo hams 4 Terms-Cash_ a)03 i -~~ THIS DAY French Plums Dunlop Cheese WM TENNENT and CO. will a sell by auction, at tholr roomB, Oolllns I fctuet, on I lldaj, nth inst, at twott o o'clock, 14 n n ti ' ii cull, Trench plums, in glass lorms at balo. '"JJ Sal«« by Jtaotion. MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. ' Slx-Uorso Portablo Stcam-Engino. To Agriculturists, Quartz-Crushors, Minors, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. have . received Instructions to soil hy auction, at tho promises of Messrs. Thomas Fulton and Coe, Flindors-strcot, on Monday, 14th inst,, at eleven o'clook, -One Blx-liorso portablostoam-onglnos,with retara fluo and ossilating cyllndor, warranted com- plote, N.B.-Tho nbovo is oxtromoly well adapted for brui purposes. Terms at Sale._2788 " MONDAY, 2lBt SEPTEMBER. "~ To Follow tho Government Land Sale Land. 68 Acres, Parish of Mulgrave, County of Bourke. I Sold by Older of tho Mortgagee 1 W . M. TENNENT and CO. aro I Tv . favored with instructions from tho mortgagee» ' to soil hy auction, at tholr rooms, Collins-street, or»_ Monday, 21st inst, After tho Govortimant Land Sale, All that plcco or parcel of land, measuring 68 acre! I moro or loss, situated in tho parish of Mulgnvo, county of Bourko, being pai t of portion No. l8 of that parish. Tho auctioneers invito particular attontlon to tho abovo salo. To any partios requiring a small section of good agricultural land tho prosont Is an opportunity thal should not bo lost Bight of, as tho Instruction« given aro absolutely to nmkoa sale. ' Torms Liberal. _ _ TitloGood. _ Î7flt TIÎURSDAY, 17th SEPTEMBER; Boots and Shoes. Ex Marco Polo. Io Boot and Shoo Makers, Storokeopors, Doalors, anti Others. W M. TENNENT and CO. aro Ti I instructed by tho importors, to Boll by auc- tion, at tholr rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, 17th. inst., at twolvo o'clook, W C over M, within diamond, 101 to 100-0 trunks ladlos' cashmore boots, chan- nels, elastics, and springs 107 to 112-0 do ladies" cashmore boots, patent goloähod, welts, pumps, elastics, and channels. Now Landing, Ex Marco Polo. , Terms at Sale. 2803 SATURDAY, 12th SEPTEMBER. Extensivo Sale of Books. To Booksoilors, Stationers, Private Gentlemen, ami Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. lim . rccolvcd instructions to sell by auction, it tholr rooms, Collins Btreot, on Saturday, 12th lust., at elovon o'clock sharp, A very valuable library of stnndard works, con- sisting of Macaulay'a History of Englnnd proscott's Historical Works Ali'on's History of Kuropo Illustrated Shaltapcaro Sir Walter Scott's WorkB Wnrron's Ton Thousand A-Yoar, and his otho? Works Charlos Lover's Works Chorlos DlekciiB's WorkB Bontloy's Standard Novóla Illustrated Druwing-ioom Books Official Illustrated Cataloguo of Great Exhibition, Sliolloy's, Tennyson's, Pollok's, Longfollow's, and othor Footical Works Rabelais, Kenny Moadows Leo's Laws of Shipping Exchango and Interest Tables Maunder'/! Treasuries Clark's Commontarios, o vola - And a great mauy Buporior and interesting works. Also 2 casos now and popular vvorka by tho bolt authors 2 do do works, Buitablo for prosonts to children And A choleo seloction of music, consisting of pieces, dances, songi, &c.;, by tho bost oomposors Manuscript books Violin pegs, do bridges Tuning hammers, do forltB Violin siringa, 1, 2, 3, 4 Guitar do Catalogues at Rooms. Terms at Sale, Observo-Saturday'a Sale, at Elovon O'clock-Sharp. THURSDAY, 17tl~SEPTEMBER. "" Boots and Shoos. Ex Adelaide To Boot and Shoo Makers, Storekeepers, Dcalors, ana OthorB. W M. TENNENT and CO. havo Ti« recolvod Instructions from tho Importer», Mesara. Graham, Lamb, and Co., to soil by auction, nt their rooms, Colllns- atrcot, on Thursday, 17tu inst., at twelve o'clock, GL, Co. under, in diamond, P outaido 842-801-20 trunks men's beat watertight boote, rough brauded 862-1'81-20 trunks men's best kip blucher boots, bradded 882-8L0- 6 trunks mon's best kip bluchor hoots. Now landing ox Adolaldo. . Terms at Sale. 2003 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. Entire Cargo of tho Qoldsookor, To Timber Morchauts, Contractors, and Othors, WM. TPJNNENT and CO. have . received instructions to sell by auction, on tho Australian Wlni'f. nlougslilo tho Goldseoker, on Monday, 14th in't, at cloven o'clock sharp, Tho following woll-asBortcd lot of hardwood, Ex Goldsoekor, Full Cut : 200 piceos, 0 x 3,12 to 20 foot long 116 do, 6x8, 8 to 20 do 22 do, 0x0, 8 lo 19 do 23 do, 6 x 6, 10 to 17 do 25 do, 6 x 4 lo 10 x 4, 8 to 21 do 95 do, 4 x 3 to 8 x 4, 10 to 20 do. Market Out : 1,717 plecoB quartering, 8 to 16 feet 104 do, 6 x 8, 10 to 14 do SI do, 0 x 3,12 to 14 do. Also, 17,000 6-fcet paliegs 8,000 O-fcet do 60,000 shingles. Terms at Sale. Observo-Monday, 14th lnst., at Eleven o'clock. _2003 TUESDAY, 16th SEPTEMBER. Great Brighton-road. Important Salo of Eleven Superior Building Allot- ments, near tho Residences of Thomas Monah an, and li. Wills, Esqrs., and the Hon. D. P. Koogh, M.L.C. To Now Comers, and all Umso in want of Allotments in a Valuable Locality near the City. ALFRED BLISS and CO. havo received instructions to sell hy public auction, on tho ground, aituato on tho Great Brighton-rood, just beyond tho Groy hound, and near tho residences of T. Monahan, and U. Willa, Esqrs., and tho Hon. D. P. Keogh, on Ttionlay, 15th hist, nt two o'clock, Immediately after tho salo of Mr. Burkltt's proporty, In Octavia street, 0 superior building allotmonts, each having a frontage of 10 foot to the GREAT BRIGHTON ROAD, hy various depths, from 100 to 200 feet, with a 16-foot right-of-way In the i ear. 1 allotment, having afronta go of 40 foot to Albion . Btreot (00 feet wide), by a dop th of 178 feot to tho 16 foot right-of-way, with another right-of-way in tho rear 20 foot wldo. 4 other allotmonts adjoining, each having n frontago of 40 foot to Alblon- streot, by a doptli of 170 root, with tho 20-foot right-of-way at tho back. These allotments aro in a fine situation for building purposo', either for shops or cottages. Thoy aro positioned In a locality poifcctly high and dry, and closo to 11)0 residences of Thoa. Monahan, Esq., and the Hon. D. P. Keogh, and aoljoining the proporty of II. Wills, Esq. To now arrivals those allotmonts aro particnlirly recommended, as tho lund will bo but a short distance, from two railway stations. Terms, Liboral. Title Guaranteed. 011 sop 15 TUESDAY, 15th SEPTEMBER. St. Kilda, Near the Junction. Imputant Salo of Dwelllng-houao and 14 Choleo Building Allotmonts Oetavla-strcot, Adjoining Gormaln Nicholson, Esq.'s, Residence. To Morclmnta, Land Speculators, and Others. ALFRED BLISS and 00. have been favored with Insti uctlons from John Burkitt, Esq., to soil by publ'o auction, on the ground, slttnto In Octavla-Btrcot (off tho Bilghton-road), noar the Junction, St. Kilda, and adjoining the roBldonco of Gemmill Nicholson, Esq., on Tuesday, 16th lnst,., at twolvo o'clock, 14 building allotments, each having a frontago Of 10 feet to Oetavia-btrcet, by a dopth of 03 foot 10 Inches. Also, A well-built weatherboard verandah oottago, con- taining eight rooms, kltchon, and pantry dotaohod, .with «able for four horses, and gardon in tho rear. ÏIicbo allotmonts adjoin the residence of Gormaln Nicholson, Esq., and as sites for villa residences aro confidently rccommondod by tho auctioneers to thoso who wish to soctire freehold land in this inuch-admlro 1 district. Iho oottago Ib most commodious, and would bofound a comfurtub'o residence, or wou'd lot at on advan- tageous rental. Tillo-Porfcct. Turins at Hale. 012 sop 15 1 MONDAY, 14th SEPTEMBER. Emerald Hill, Comor of Dorcas and Cooli stroots. Salo of Frcohold Lind and Throo hoautlful Cottagîi, in tho linraodlato vicinity of tho Police Ofllco, Court-house, Orphan Asylum, And English Church. Tb> Best Quartor-Acro in tho Municipality. ALFRED BLISS and CO. havo becu Instructed by Dr. Gommoll to offor hy publlj nuctlou, on the g.ound.'.sltuato at tho cornor of Doren and Cecil streets, Emorald Hill, on Monday,14th inst., at twolvo o'clock, All that Govornmont allotment No. 1, of block 9, containing a frontago or 182 foot to Dorcas-strcot, by t depth of 82 foot o Inches to Cecll-Htreot, being, lu f«c:, n Government qiuiter-acro, on which aro orectod thrua ornamental vimndah weatherboard cottages, of a most luporior description, each containing six rooms and % kitchen. Iho land on which thoso cottages stand is, without doubt, tho best business site in this truly thriving municipality, and for »n hotol would bo unequalled. Tho cottages are lathed and plastered throughout, nul havo cedar door», windows, ¿to., with tvvo itnlleu stable and coach hcu60 to each. The wholo let at a j early rental of £860 (to hl?h!y iirj ciUblo tenant«) and will bo sold either In on« I )'< " ' 7'. I. Cciiúiallt. TermsLiloial.Diclarcd at Sale, 010 t^p 14 _Balun *? AuoHoru THURSDAY, 17th SEPTEMBER - North Molbourne. ER Ealo of Freehold Land and Oottniro Pm«.* To Small Capitalists and Others in SeXh Ä't, Investments. Itsl ALFRED BLISS and CO. haT . X1, coivcd Instructions from the nrrmri",";. by public auction, on the premlse^ltÏÏÄ Ä of-way ofT Ardcn-stroet botwoon Errol m,,i îe"sh 8,rf f,lflon Thnrfid»y. "'h H»"*., at ona o'clïck w AH that pieco or parcel of land havlnir ,,r'',. 10 feet to a right-ofwny (10 feet Ä? 'Ä itrcet, by a depth of 74 feet, on which areeïectcd ' ". T1"W Cottagos of Weatherboard* Viz.-One two-story, containing 3 ¡¿m. One twe-story, containing ,ZZ Ono uno story, containing ¡> rooms. A fcimilar piece of land, on which are erected Two Weatherboard Cottage«, Vlz.-Ono two-story, containing 3 "om. u* One ono-story, containing 2 room!' * Thoso cottages will he sold in two loïï S~ . ? bo found a good investment forTamaI «,ff They oro always tenanted, at such rSiuÄ'Ä prove highly remunerativo Vor outlay """"""»mi Title Porfoet, Torms-Half Cash, Balance Threo Months. _-_.__J13sopif MONDAY. 21st SEPTEMBER Preliminary Notice. Important Sato of Freehold Land and Cottams i. n A horne-stroet, Gardiner's Creek lionel " LFRED BLISS and CO. kvo bee. lavorod with instructions from the umnrt.i , sell by public auction, on the ¡ZoÄ1 borne.street, Gardiner's Creek lîo»d, o,l"d!y Ä inst., at twelvo o'clock, "-»uuui, aj, Tho following valuable freeholds, viz . Lot 1. All that piccoor parcel of land, contalni,T«, frontage to' Osborno-strcot, hy a' depth»li?" with a4.footrlgl,t-of-«ay,'onywl.lelP| erecta tago containing four rooms. "".loiacol Lot 2. All that pleco or parcel or land havtoe a frnnfa«,. 00 feet to Osboino-stroot, by a depth Vift which is erected a cottngo containing (|x rconu kî oben, coitehhotiBO, stabling, Se,, lately in tkXS tlon ol Mr. Ollie f Ootnmlsslonor Wright p: Lot 8. All Hint pleco or pared of land, havlnir a fmni nge of 00 feet to, Osiorno- streot, by TÄ K feet, on which is erected a cottage containg ml »ooma, leithen, coach-honso, stabling, 4o, K tho occupation of Captain Pasley ui"»oi7i Lot 4. -All that pleco or parcel of land, havlnir a fain!.. or 83 foot to Osborno-stroet, by a' d¿plhVA on which Is orectod a cottage, containing four ioT, kitchen, stabling, coaoh- houeo, to., adjolnlne UuZ losldenco of Mr. Chlor Commissioner Wrijrht Furthor particular« m futuro rdvertlieml-iiti. 030 SATURDAY, 12th SEPTEMDER North Molbourno. Bato of tho Stock-in-Trado of a Qrocerr und Dim. Store at the, Comer or Errol and Victoria sffi North Melbourno. »>?«.«, To tlio Inhabitants or Hotham Ward ALFRED BLISS and CO. han ro colved Instructions from Mr. Jona Burns tri 1 tell by public auction, on tho promise«,«UuaVoit tto i eornor of Errol and Victoria stroots, on Ssturd» ! 12th Inst., at twelvo o'clock, ' "''' Tho stock-in-trado of a grocery and drapery ¡lou 1 consisting or- ' I Tablo- linon, Indies' and gontlcmcn's user., clothing, ¿to. I Threads, tapos, ¿le. Stationery I General stock of grocery I Trunk of ladloB1 patent leather sprigged hill ' goloshod boots Twolvo cords bolt platod assorted scissors Hond-snwB Brass-cased moasurlng-tapcs One cask Booth's old tom Empty cask, &o.; Also, A four-pull bccr-ODgluo, piping and u;j comploto After which will bo sold Tbo Housohold Furniture, ConBlBtlng of Maliogany spring-bottomod bedstead Iron bedsteads Fcathor beds, bolstors, and pillows Mnhognny chairs Tables Largo chlinnoy-glasses First-rato 14-day Fronch clock Willi a quantity of articles of domostlo fumiton too numerous to mention In an »-trerllie. mont, lho Wholo to bo Sold Without ItCforvo, on accoua1 of lho Proprietor's romoval to a farm. Terms-Cash. 07 top H " FRIDAY, 18th SEPTEMBER. Co'lincwood. Salo of Freehold Land anti Premisos in 'Moor-strMl A few houses from Nicholson-street) - To Tradesmen, Builders, Speculators and Others. Without Reservo. ALFRED BLISS and CO. havo keei favored with Instructions from Mr. Crom to sell by public auction, on tho premise«, illutel Moor-etrcet, near Ntoholson-streot, on Friday, lil just., at ono o'clock, Without Recorvo, All that pleco cr parcol of land, having a frontage! 34 feet 8 inches to Moor- street, by a dopthoflOJf«1 w ith a right-of-way of 16 foot lu tho rear, on »nicol erected a substantially-built woatharboard Simp an Xwclllng-houGo containing four rooms and an »Mi lately in tho occupation of Mr, Hawkins. This in a very superior alio-.mont, suitable for ti hi Ick dwelling-houses. It is surrounded byeiralta bulldlngB or brick, and would answor tho puriwsoot builder or capitalist to orect first-class cottages, shonl tho presont building bo objectionable. Tttlo QuaraiiEceef. Terms-nair Cash ; Bafnnco at Throe Moulin. _______ _00»epU MONDAY, Í8th SEPTEMBER, ' * Windsor, Closo to tho Junction. Absoluto Salo of Vnluablo Freehold Land anil Uti* In tho runt-Road. Six-roomed Verandah Coltago and Out-WBS;«, Latoly in the occupation of Dr. Senil ¡ Four-ioomoil Cottage, Kitchen, Sorvnnlf tom, Stablu g, &c; , now occupied by J. Parton, Esq.. Tu Mordíante, Cnplta'lsts, mid Othtn. ALFRED BLISS and CO. ha« * colvod instructions rrom Tliormliilus Thorapsexi, Esq., to submit to public competition, on lho p> mite», siluato at tho corner of Punt-rosd»nd Albert. street, Windsor, on Monday, 28th lest, at into o'clock,, , ", All thnt pleco or parcol of land, being acomeratt». ment, having a frontage lo tbo Punt-road of ditji»:, by n dopth ot ninoty-olght feet to Albert-street, ra which ia erected the liouao mid premises lately lal» occupation of Dr. Sowoll. Also, All that pioco or parcel of land having» fronts«« thirty-two foot to tho Punt- road,bj-adeptliolnlntij tight fcot (tbo next allotment but ono to hmt street), on which Is erected a cottage! containing IB rooms, kitchen, sorvnnts' room, and etablo. |> lheBo Cottagos aro closo to tim Junction, mo «ii remunerativo routais. ?,, Tho Land is rapidly Incrtminig nvilne.wdll wholo would form a most doslrablo itivestmeiiHMJ ono wishful or speculating in improving property. Tttlo Guaranteed. ,Terms at Sale ". THIS DAY. Milch Cow». EROW and CO. will soil bj anoto e at tholr yards, Bourko-stroct, on FrliiJ 2 "suporte-r milch cows. In full prallt, vtlth «¡In at side._ __JT TIIIS ¿AY. 20 Beau Unbiokon Horses. EROW and CO will soil by »« » lion, at their yards, Bonrleo-streot, on Rill 110 20 hoad of colts and lillie« in excellent cor* direct from tho owner's station. »Ü rillDAY, 18th SEPTEMBER. Marino Rcaidenoo, Brighton-road. By Ordor of tho Eiccutoroftho late Mrs. Comm To Capitalists, Morcliants, «nd 8poculiiton EROW and CO are favored ml . Instructions from John O'ShanaKy, El M.L.A., Executor of the late. Mrs. Colite«,lo«» auction, on tlio promises, Brighton-road, ob nu 18th hist., at twelve o'clock, .. All that piece or parcel of land, BltuoWhi Bil » in the parish ol Moorabbin, being "««ono'lta? oialBurvey fronting Hobson'» ^S'.^f^l Brighton Estato, containing, by estimation, two ono rood and twenty ono perches. Togother w lui, Tho Dwclllng-'iouso, which Is In thorough repair, wTPTug.T, roon., about l8 x 16, dining-room, about^Bxiy Udrmm. about 14x12, two other W'^rf Inched kitchen, with spacious veranda, çoscni two btalled stable, fowl-houso, wel1, and tank w tain about 16,000 gallons. . (J Tho Karden ia tastefully laid out with cm» trees; Thero Is al«oo good eultlvallon paddock. At sanio time will bo auld . Tho Household I urnlturo. , Oho inictlonoers, In making I*«« would remark that the house hasbc", baUU«r billly. comfort, and convcnlonco¡ »»'"""iji linlNa.mllo of the Devonshire Arms! tabmW several respectable roaldcncos-Hes sra-^lo o u » Ac,, and commands a Ono view of >. ,> Omnibuses pass about ovory J'«,rÄ.v tituatlun tilla property Ib»'H,ä pi oí erbio!, and Its moderate Jl»1'»T/T"."^ nolls rendore this completo properly mortw Í ilrcr as an Investment or aa a suburban rotn* gentleman of indopondonco. litio Unexceptionable. B| Terms at S do. ^^^^, SATURDAY, 12th SKFTUIBEK St. KHi'a. , Furniture, Elcg-mt flaw - Vnluablo Chesnut Maro, a perfect Ha<* a Ladj. ,it,I T H. KELSON (of Kelson and^ 1\. wick) is favored with In^ÄV proprietor, who is leav ng St. WWa, to "»¿. lonou the pronii-os (ti.o neil f^i^"."t 0Ld near ilr. Fletcher's Church), on 6»"" im t., at two o'clock, jan ii The liouschold furniture -nd etlicr e» pri"vîr7elegant rosewood plane, to »«¡A? chaira, carpets, fenders and iron j work I table, fancy tubo , cut «»x tumble», vvfuo glasse», wl''£A¿ i dinner sot, hondsoinc foul-res'-if°' . wash!lands and white onj> goWI »« .^ tieblui, hair ni d other n» rÄIIt di . %, 1 Uri cnji'«"*""- PTidfunm . - .< \- *?*". .' ' * " ñffeetaíd ti nlij for these tK , .'' £ " .nc ¿a. 