"-' Sales by Auction. ' . -TIIIS DAY. ~»A Tioots, Seirlet and Bluo Bhnkofif, &a.; »^KoMBE will sell by aao A - «Jon in bl» *°oma> OoUins-streot, next the ffîcl *%***>m n°am' 4tU ln8t"atolovon o'clock, BK I(Ja| NB, C und or. s 160 1 balo 10-4 blue gentian blaiikots s 101 1 do do do I W3 ldo 10-4 scarlet do I 160 1 do do blue do I Äoi4 S trunliB ladles boots. § All Moro or Loss Damaged by Sea Water. To bo SOW for Account of All Concerned. TO BO am without Reservo. *83 -irais DAY. COO Looso Hams. An- M'COMBE will sell by auo ?inn in his rooms, Colllns-stroot, next the BinK*f Australasia, on Monday, 4th Hist., at oloven o'clock, 600 '°°°°g bo Sold to Close Sales. 4880 \--? THIS DAY. Clioeso, Bacon, Soap, Salt. AG-. M'COMBE will sell by auo a tlou in his rooms, Colllns-stroot, next tho jjjuk of Australasia, on Monday, 4th hist., at olovou °'C1TK!L-12 coses North Wilts chooso I B.T-10 do Clioshlro chooso BandCo-28boxcsdodo 2 cosos bacon 100 boxos soap ni l8 coses Uno tnblo salt. TVibo Sold to Oloso varlouB Account Sales. Toboboiuvovithout Ueaorm 4838 \--""WEDNESDAY, 0th MAY. At the Railway Platform, Flindors-street. Unrosorved Solo of 500 Bags Flour, Moro or Less Damaged by Soo-Wotor. A a. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, ? at the Railway Platform, Flindors-etreot, oa Wednesday, 6th lost., at a quarter to olovon o'oloclc A' BOO bags, moro or' loss, Chilian flour, partially damaged by soo-wator To bo Sold for Account of all Concerned. Without Hosorvo. Observo Hour of Sale, namely, Quarter to Elovcal o Gio OlC» ""___ \--TUESDAY, 5th MAY. * Tootal's. j Browning's Old Tom, Brandy. I A T the Brokers' Rooms, on Tuesday, ¿\\_ Gth ¡nat., at twelve o'clock, 90 cases Browning s old tom, white bottlos 40 dob$^RD°WALTONaudCO., Brokers. _484S_ \- TUESDAY, 6th MAY. "* Tootal's. Watorprruf Beds, Coots, Oil Floss Sqnaros, Ac. AT the Broker's Rooms, on Tuesday 6th Inst,, at twolve o'clock, 2 coses waterproof coats 1 do waterproof bods 1 do 84 oil floss squares 1 do tablo mat« To loso Accounts. RICHARD WALTON »nd CO., Brokera. _4846 I "*- TUESDAY, 5th MAY. ~" Tootal's. Bottläd Ale and Porter. T tho Brpkors' Rooms, on Tuesday, 5tli inst., »t twelvo o'oloek, __ casks, each * doiou, Edwards' alo .10 do, each 4 do, do porter. To Olose Accounts. RICHARD WALTON ond CO., Brokor«. _ 484S TUESDAY, 6th MAY. Tootal's. Chocso. To Close Accounts. AT the Broker's Rooms, on Tuesday, 5th inst., at twolvo o'clock, 5 coses N. Wilts choose 10 do Cheddar loaf do C do N. Wilts do To Closo Accounts. BICHARD WALTON and CO., Brokors. 4S16 TUESDAY, 6th MAY. Tootal's. Paints. To Close Accounts. AT the Broker's Roon», on Tuesday, 5th inst,, at twolve o'clock, 50 kegs black paint 85 do green do 10 do red do 10 do bluo do 6 do yellow do. BICHARD WALTON and CO., Brokers. 4815 TUESDAY, 5th MAY. Tootal's. Boots. \ T the Brokers' Rooms, on Tuesday, JcL 6th last., at twolv« o'oloek, B in circlo, W and H under, § 9-12 pairs thigh boots 10-13 do do 11-12 do knoo boots 10-25 do do SO-26 do do. O hi diamond, T and B under, I § 9-10-18 pairs Oxonian boots 1-24 do wellington do 24-24 do do do. I T H, M under, In diamond, li, 1-80 do calf wellingtons " j C 9 do samples ¡' 7-80 do calf raomol boots 11 do Bomples. To Oloso Shipments. POBIHVO Solo. RICHARD WALTON ond CO., Brokers. 4845 TUESDAY, 19th MAY. To Millers, Agriculturists, Capitalists, and Others. In the Estate of the late John Armstrong, Esq. By Order of tho Mortgagee, A Rare Investment. JW. JOHNSTON and CO. are honoured with instructions to submit to public competition (under the powers contained in their mortgage), on the ground, at the Bush Station, about six miles south of Geelong-, near Mount Duneed, and two miles from German Town, on Tuesday, 19th inst., at twelve o'clock, All that valuable property belonging- to the late John Armstrong, Esq., being portion M of section 5, Parish of Connewarre, and subdivided as follows: Lot 1. Contains 9 1/2 acres of good land, through which runs a creek, affording at all seasons a copious supply of fresh water. On this lot stands the celebrated Con- newarre Flour Mills, and sundry comfortable cottages for workmen. These mills were erectcd but a yoar ago, regardless of expense. The smutting machines and other machinery are of the most approved style and latest improvement. The flour ground at these miles has commended higher rates than any other brands in the colony. The road to Geelong will ere long be macadamized. Firewood, comparatively speak ing, can be got at the very door, a desideratum in the saving of heavy expenses which other mills have to contend with ; situated in the heart of an agricultural district ; together with many other advantages. The fortunate purchaser of this lot will make a most pro fitable and lucrative investment, Lot 2 Contains 50 acres of splendid agricultural land, a great part of which is under cultivation, and on which are erected many useful and valuable buildings, &c;" viz,, dwelling-home suitable for a large family, dalry, and store coelars under ground, stable, coach-house, laundry, with all other requirements of a family establishment. Through this lot runs the same creek as on Loti 1, which, together with large water-tanks and the proximity to town, is a most inviting country re sidence, or a compact dalry farm, ensuring a profitable return Lot 3 Contains 89 1/2 acres of fine agricultural land, part of which is under cultivation, and through this lot runs the same creek as that of Nos. 1 and 2. Lot 4 Contains 81 acres and 3 roods. On this lot there is a very neat and commodious cottage of brick, situated on the main road to Geelong. Lot 5 contains 45 acres 3 roods ; and _ Lots 6,7,8, Contains each 45 acres. N.B.-Tho whole of the survey has been skilfully executed by John Young, Esq., Moorobool-street, at whose office intending purohasers can inspect the plan of subdivision ; and great care has been taken to give to each allotment a portion of the creek, and making the Government road the boundary of each lot. In calling attention to the above invaluable property the auctioneers respectfully invite an in spection previous to the day of sale, as it seldom happens that land so near the town, possessing so many advantages and so rapidly rising in value, is brought into market, and cannot fail to commend itself to the notlce of those who really wish to secure for themselves a valuable property, a nice little farm, a healthful home ; or to capitalists a sure and safe in vestment, Title Perfect. Terms For mill and homestead, being lots 1 and 2-one third cash, one-third six months, one-third twelve months. For lots 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8-one half cash and one half six months. All acceptances bearing interest at eight percent. A Substancial Lu nch Provided. .m a ArJ?val of Mr. Icely*» Horsoi. 11,0 ßr« Draught of which will be submittod to public Competition on tho Aboveraontionoii T?DWA11D ROW and CO. are ia 5r£ír4jitriot.td to soil bj' auction! »t their yard*. T Ä\0B jonday, the 4th or May next, ' 30 hrad being the first draught, fiom tlio stud «...i.» 01I1î'1.Mly» Es Coombing. rir«ï,Xiv whSí?í"aímí'for.PotuBro0 of which ootataloguei, wiiichcanbohadotthoauctloiieor'soinceii- ' oires-Opomto^ QH Blas. Sir Hercúlea, Satelllto, or»mpns, Alonso, Flour do Lis, Fredorlck i-raliiuj, Brougham, Pantaloou, Champion, «Wz, Emigrant, Thoorom, Hoetor, Alraschia, n.mTÍ??or! 8<£oltrap, TroBB, Sultan, Rotterdam. D»m|-JuiDto, Cordelia, Flora M'Ivor, AHisador«, vt » °,'.,Arlel» Attraction, Ellsler, Lidy FÄ*loretto, Florliel, Florence, F*ui», M«^nlm>TI,..1II"', Wnvrlra, Miss Nettleton! ÎwAguô** "** nUmber 0f 0tUe" *' *M' WJIgiee of the' above «00 stud book, whtoli h K*5»£ thn.rilliXttentlon to tUi» i** th">»«a **Ath¿ataTffi VTT* t" »t»»» that tm Wíwl"ho""íi v°.!>"0.le _ Sale« br Auction. WEDNESDAY, 6th MAY. Railway Cart Horses. To Contractors, Carters, Farmers, and Others. E. ROW and CO. are favoured with instructlona from Wm. Randle, Esq., in con- sequence of the completion of the St. Kilda Railway, to sell by auction, at their yards, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, The remainder (17 head) of his powerful horses employed on the St. Kilda Railway. As pullers they are unexceptionable, in splendid condition, and must be sold, as Mr. Randle leaves for Sydney this week to construct the Cambeltown line, N.S.W., of which he has been declared the contractor. 4888 WEDNESDAY Oth MAY. " 30 Head of Tiptop Colts and Fillies from Now England. EROW and 0O. are instructed by . Mr. Mitcholl to Bell by auction, at their jnrds Bourke street, on Wednesday the Oth Inst. The second draught (30 head) of First class colts and milos from New England, oompriang powerful up- standing horses well adapted for waggon, bus, farni w ork, or carting. Thoy aro in splendid condition anl Vi eil worthy tho attention of buyers. 4343 TUESDAY, Stil MAY. Second Salo of Timor Pontos. EROW and CO. will sell by auction, . at their (Yardi, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, 6th Inst., Twonty-fivo hoad, boing the second draft of Timor ponies, consisting of piobald, skovrbald, blacks, whites, croani-colours, hays, ¡co., _ amongst which will bo found some elegant matches, from tho station of tho late Dr. Harris, of Yass. Tho Victorian publia havo now an opportunity which rarely occurs of securing thoso usoful, hardy, and valuable animais._4818 SATURDAY, 9th MAY. Brighton Boacli. Important Salo of Land. GWALSTÁB has received instruc . tions from Mr. Nicholas Woro to Boll by publlo auction (provioui to his departuro for England), on tho giound, on Saturday, Oth hist., at two o'clock, Some very valuable allotments of building land, ncartlic Brighton Hotel and the Biach, having a fine mid uninterrupted view of the Bay, coiiBlstlng of an inclosed paddock of 12 acres, woll timbered, of an un- dulating charactor, ana surrounded by roada, vrhioh it la proposed to sell in four lots of 3 nero?, each allot- ment having a commanding site for a resldonco, as will be moro clearly shown upon tho plan. Also. Tour other allotments, of about 2J acres each, on tho east sido of tho last- montioned propoi ty, having nlco a view of tho Day. The Auctioucor boga to advlso partloa doslrous of purclinEiiip; land for building purposes, In this beau- tiful locality, to toko advantago of this opportunity, as it is the intention of tho proprietor, Mr. Nicholls Wore, at his dopirturo, lo withdraw norn salo the remainder of the unsold portion of tile Brighton Sur >ov, until tho completion of tho railway from St. Kilda to Brighton. The Auctioneer also begs to draw attention to tho tenus of pnyincnt-viz., 25 per cent, cash deposit upon tho fall of the hammer, and tho lomaindor by ' bills at six, twolvo, and eighteen months' dato, with Interest. Plans can bo soon and furthor particulars obtained at Hie Auctioneers' offices, 15 Teinple-court. Salo to take place on Saturday, Oth inst., at two o'clock, on the ground. 027 may 0 THIS DAY. St. Kilda. Flegant Furnltuio, Piano. Pony, and Carriage, &c;, Sea. J H. KELSON (of Kelson and Hard X» wick) ÍH Instructed to soil by publlo auction, at their rooms, St. Kilda, on Monday next, 4th inst., at one o'clock, Au ologant assortment of fUrnlturo and other of fects, romoved undor a bill of salo, and cora priaiug ologant carved rosowood draw ing-room suito, marbia top tables, loo tables, dining table, chairs, carpets, curtains, looking glasses, brass and iron bedsteads, hair and ' wool matasses, wash stands, and droaslng tablci, chost of drawers, plato, china, dlunor set, kitchen utonalls, _c., &c.; Terms-Cash. 33 may* THIS »AY. Salo by Auction. ^^ KINSMAN is instructed to sell I . by auction, on tho premises, cornor of lliunswiok and Hanover stroota. Collingwood, on Holiday, 4th inst., at oloven o'clock, Tho remaining stook-in-trado of grocorlos, fittings, ( i.e., consisting of Pickles, bottled fruits, jams, raspberry vinegar, patent groats, sardines, confectionery, bis- cuits, Bath bricks, block lead, saltpetre, wrapping papor, IO Chinese figured canisters, coffee and spice mills, scales and weights, cour ter and shop fittings, quartering, four post bedstead, chairs, he. Bale at Elovon o'clock. N. KINSMAN, Auotlonoor, House and Land Agent, 3 Moor-streot, Collingwood. 320 may 4 MONDAY, 11th MAY. Postponed. Important Notice. In tho Insolvont Estate of Mr. J. T. Lasklo, of Hampstead, Carrisbrook, Farmer. Hy order of Alexandor Laing, Esq., Official Assignee Snle of tho Estate of Hampstead, containing 363 Acrm of Fenced, Cleared, and Cultivated Farm Land, with Hoincstoad, Outbuildings, Farming Stock, Implo monts, Cattlo, Horses, D raya, &c.; i M CHADWICK, Government Auc . tlonccr, has received instructions fiom AIOK.' Laing, Esq., Official Assignee, to oller to public coin petition on Monday, 11th May, at twelvo o'clock, Tho highly cultivated farm of Hampstead, situated within two milos of tho populons aud tlnlvlng Gold- fields townships of Carrisbrook and Maryborough. Probably no other forming propoity now for salo offers so many positive advantages, without a single drawback. Tho attontion thoroforc of gentlemen farmers, business mon, and successful miners is par- ticularly directed to this estate, as a aafo and lucrativo imestniont. The land is of the richest description, fenced, cloared, and highly cultivated, A good hoin»stcad and now and spacious outbuildings. Abundance of water-the Mount Greenock Crcok runs through the Estate. A first-rutc adjacent market, whore every dcsei nilton ot farm produco may bo disposed of readily, and turnol into cash within an hour of its leaving the farm. Gold mining is successfully pursued on tho adjacent land, ' and it is cortaln that this óslate is also auriferous. Tho surrounding scenery ia exceedingly beautiful. Alto- gether it is a most attractive property, and tho well Known agricultural knowledge onorgy, and good taste of Mr. Laskio oro a rulllclcnt guarantee of tho high condition in which It has been kept. ,f The tiny ot aale will bo Monday, lilli May, at tu elvo o'clock. Tenus-Half cash, bilanoo at throo and six months. , For fnrthor particulars, apply to ALEX. LAING, r.sq.. Eldon Chambers, Molbounio ; or to the Auc- tioneer, Carrisbrook. 234 may 0 _______ __ Cort Colts. To Contr-iiton, Farmers, Carriers, Dealers, aud Others. DOUGHARTY and CO. will sell by auction, at thoir yarda (lato Bear's Horso Markot), corner of Queen and Bourke stroota, on Monda}, 4th lint., at twelve o'clock, 30 brokon and unbroken first-class cart colts, well adapted lor heavy draught and coaching purposes, thoy aro in splendid condition and direct from tho brooders bands. No Reserve. 2803 MONDA"«, 1st JUNE. POWER and RUTHERFORD have instructed their Mr. RUTHERFORD to sell by auction, at Hock!n'a Hotol, corner of Lonsdale and, Elizabeth-streets, on Monday, 1st June, at twelve o'clock sharp, THE SOUTH AVENUE STATION, With 5,500, morcorlcsf, good mixed cattle. This station Is woll situatod for the Adoluide an 1 Melbourne markets, boing 300 miles from tho latter, and 250 from the former, and was taken up by the present proprietor In 1840, by whom it lias boen pro- fitably conducted, and is now ofTored for salo because he ii re tiring from squatting pursuits. There woro 2,380 of tho cons and hollers spayod iii li-SC, so that a largo return may bo expected both thisyoar.and the next. fifiu cows and bullocks havo boon sold during tho last two months, 150 of which havo boon delivorod, and 400 to bo taken off beforo the ond of May noxt. The fat stock for years havo been sold and dollverod ou the station. The rua ¡a «.tensive-128 square milos-and woll watered. Tiic improvoinonta aro good, consisting of a twq rooniod hut, overaoer's hut (three rooms), with veran- dah In front, a »toro and ruen'3 hut, a paddock of 100 ' mid one of 300 acres, just fenced tn ; also a cultivation paddock. t ? ? - i Extensivo dry stock-yards, with ovory convenience for the proper management of tho station, which ia held under leaao from the South Australian dororu tnont for fourteen yoara, from July, 1851. at a yearly rental or C4I. _ : Tho brand of this station ia well known in the Melbourne and South Australian laarkotB, and the cattle bave always commandod high prices. The wholo will bo nut up in ona lot, hut If not di* posed of will bo again off ored In two, tor willoh It Is wall adapted; tbo extent of country and number of caltlo in each to bo tbon msntlomed. , "POWKR and RUTHERFORD, 122 Queen-street. , , i_, 54 may 5 ~ TUESDAY,'.Gth MAY. ' Household Furniture, ka. i THOMAS GIBBS'has received'in- structions to Boll by publie auction, without/». hcrve, on the premises,, 17» Colllaa-strcot east, ' on Tuesday, tbo Dib Inst, at twolro o'clock prompt, . .Tho_whole of tho goneral household furniture, com- prising Chairs, taulp», aefas , , Bedsteads and bedding-;-carnot« China and glassware Kitchen utensils, fee. And vnrlouB fittings of tho show-room of the milli* noiy department, too numerous to mention. Pull particular» may be had of tho auctioneer, 5-1 Little Collins street oast, and Atgylo-atreot, St. Kildi. _ia THIS DAY. HHO ho sold bj auction at Mr. Wat J- , sou'« Site Yurd, on Mondai, Uio4th Inst,, A thoroughbred gelding, three ^oars old, by , J orso), »bout 17 bunda blgh, quiet in soddlo, _and of apioudld aotlon._32 ?WEDNESDAY, Oth MAY. I > ' Horses. Horses. Horse* I . t George Watson'a Horso Bazaar. 1 T HENDERSON lia« boon instructed ÇÏ « to nell by auction, without reserve, at Qeorgi* Watson's Ilorw Hiiair, on Wcdnotday, Oth inst., So uoadvery superior horres, consiatiiifr of hoivy ilrnught, light-harness, and saddle, ia voty ,'iuid condition, of good.oxo nud for poiltivd, «_.', OiU m*x « Balta by Auction. WEDNESDAY, 13th MAY. Important to Contractors, Farmers Outers, ' ?. Dsaiors, se, I 25 Hoad Heavy Draught Horses, Drays, and Harness. ~ \ George Watson's Horse Bazaar, Bourko-street. " T HENDERSON has , beon ho- ] t) a nourod with instructions from Thom-n Davies, Esq., (Cobb and Co.) to offer by public / auction, at Qeorgo Watson's Bazaar, on Wodneaday, . tho 13th May, at twolvo o'clock sharp, I Tlio whole of his drought stock, togothor with ' drays and harness, consisting of 25 maro« and goldings. Tho Auctioneer can, without foar of contradiction, posltlvoly state tho abovo are tho vory flnost lot of draught horses over offored to the publlo Evory cara with tho nicest judgmont has boon diaplajod lu tho selection of theso noble animals. For sizo, Bliapo, au J staunchness thoy aio not to bo excelled. Thoy are in as Uno condition as need bo, and for pontlvo and absolute sole, in consequonca of tho owner rotirlng from that branch of lila business, and for no other season, Farmers and breodors aro particularly ro quested to attond, as thero aro some splondid in tros. Evory horso will bo Bold with ac npltal wharf-dray and harness. Kot the slightost Bcsorvo. 014 may 13 ÍIHS~DAY Stoek-ln-Trarlo of a Grocer. Shop Fixtures and Household Furniture. WH. A1SOP will sell by auo » tion, on Monday, 4th inst, it twolvo o'clock, at tho store of Mr. L. Grant, at tile Junction of Stanloy-streot with Wollington-streot, East Col- lingwood, I The wholo of the extensivo and wcll-aolected stook of groceries and provisions, comprising all the usual articlop. Also, Tlio shop fittings and fixtures, and llioonllie, of the household funilt uro and effects. Without tho slightest ltcsorvo. Tonna-Cash. British Auction Mart, 171 Smith-street Collingwood. MoTCbaadlse. AMERICAN COOKING STOVES, of tho litest approved pattons, designed and manufactured oxprosaly for tho colonies, on SALE at reduced fírteos. Dollvorod and set up in Molhoume, Col Ingwood, St. Kilda, Richmond, Flonilngton, or Emerald Hill. Burltngame and Co , 87 Bourko-streot. 150 May l8 ALL Slzos BAGATELLE and BILLIARD TABLES*, on SALE, Cloths, Balls, Cues, &c.; Johnston's. 132 RuBiell-Btroot. 238 may 25 N ALBERT PHAETON, cheap, for olio horso carries four. Apply to Hadley'«, cooohmakor, St. Kilda._43 may 7 A VARIETY of Cedar TURNED WORK, Deal, Cedar, Blackwood, &c;, all dimensions. John ston'a, 132 Itusaell-stroet. _120 may 7 MERIGAN COOKING STOVES.-A great variety of tho most approved pattlerns constantly on lund, for SALE by E. 0. Wheelock and Co., 129 Uus ael-atroot. sign of tho Golden Stove._187 ma 10 BARGAIN, cheap, DRAY, for Wharf or Road, £010s. Groen, Raglan-street, Errol-stroot, North Melbourne. 100 BOILER-PLATE and SHEET IRON, from No. 4 to 20 gauge. 02 Lonsdalo-streot west. 180 moy 8 BASKETS for SALE, Chinese, two thousand Ttvo Bushol, sixpence each. 38 Swanston street. 19 moy S BAGATELLE-TABLES, all sizes, with only two slotos, on SALE. Pasor's, 100 Little Bourko streot east. 272 may 12 BILLIARDS and BAGATELLE-TABLE, flnosO workmanship lu Melbourne, on SALE. Pasor's, 100 Littlo Bourko-strçot cast. ' 273 may 12 BAGATELLE-TABLES on SALE, tho largest and cheapest In tho colony. Power's, Albert-itroot, noar St. Peter's Churoh.._^402 may 4 BILLIARD TABLB3 and BAGATELLES, with Billiard Cushions, on SALE. Thomas and Co. 172Lonsdale-stroetoast. 814 may 12 BAGATELLES on SALE, best modo iiiViotori»¡ balls, &0, Thomas and Co., 172 Lonsdolo-Btreet cast. 843 may 12 BEST English and Colonial COALS on SALE, ami delivered, by Mouritz, Poole, and Co., l8 King street. 064 may 28 COPPER TANKS for SALE, Two SOO Gallons each 30 Swanstou-stroot. 20 may 5 CIRCULAR SAWS, Mathiesons Augora, Whit worth's Screwing Tackle, tho finest fools mode, 101 100 may 8 CtOALS, best English and Colonial, now landing, / delivered lowest rates. James Paterson, 139 Hinders- stroet west._10 may T COALS.-Australian Agricultural Oo.'s, (soroonod). Wharf or dellvored. Lowest rates. James L. and C. Burke, 60 Flinders-street west. _;_j_77JU12S COALS on 3ALE, In Lots to suit purchasers. Joint Cooper, 41 Willlain-Btreot._012 may 15 COALS, ox. Viceroy and Hargrave», Australian Agricultural Company's on SALE. , T. C. Thomas and Co. 033 may 4 ¡MORKS (all kinds), Capsules, Jamoloa Ginger, V^ bleached and uliblooohed, &c.; Harvoy and Co., 30 Littlo Colllns-strcct._ 09 may 5 CAB PHAETON for SALE, sultablo for ono or two horses. Apply Marks's Factory, Carlotou Gardens. 129 CLOCKS, superior Eight-day, Paris-made, £1. sti iking, 30s, 81 Collins-stroet east. 170 moy 29 ANDLES, 300 BOMS London Patent BPERM for SALE. A. Wolfen, 44 Ellzaboth-atroot. 112 1.1AUT11ENWAR1Î DRAIN-PIPES, on SALE. li Motor and Co., 42 Collins-strcot cast. 16 ma 9 ITIWBANKS NAILS.-Ratohot Braces, Drills,'and li Spauucrs, Machinery Oil. Foundry Warehouse, 120 Fltiiders-sticot. 62 may 7 ÏTi Oil SALE, Family CARS, superior slyle and : finish. Stevenson and Co., cooch-buildors, Klng-stroot._300 may 4 17IOI4 SALE, a choice assortment of Carrlago . LAMPS. Stevenson and Co., coach-builders, King-street._401 may 4 17IOR SALE, largo ASSORTMENT of ENORAVrrraa In Maple and HoBowood Frames. Chlaroni,l,5 2 La Trobc-stroot it ost. 240 moy 8 ÏTiOlt SALE, Drays, Spring Cart, and Conveyance . Curt. Hanson, 100 Little Bourko-strcot oast. _205 may 12 I7IOR ^VASI^Na EVERYTHING.-Manby's Pa ? tont CLEANSING CRYSTAL, in gross boxes, at 200 Bourke-sticot oast. 101 may 0 ÏilOR SALE a SPRING-CART, Spring -Yan, and . Baker's Cart. Harman and Davit, 121 Russcll ptrcot._2iU moy g 37IOR SALE, o Sot or small Pony HARNESS, nearly . new. Apply 05 Little Lonsdale street east. 201 I7IOR SALE, Pair HORSE BREAK, at 174 Lous : dalc-strcct oost. 807 17I0R SALE, now CONVEYANCE CART, with . lamps completo : prico £60. At 174 LonBdilo Btrcct cait. 308 171AM1LY CAB for SALE, of colonial build. Marks's . Carriago Factory, Carlton Gardons._132 JTIOR SALE, a handsomo Stop'-ploco BAROUCHE,1 / with Gorman Shutters and Plated Lamps com-' plotc. Marks'a Coaoh Factory, Victoria street. 127 I TJiOR SALE or niRE, a Ono-Horso CONVEY^ J? ANCE, with Canopy. Apply 153 Klng-Btroot. 117 FOR SALE, a BUGGY and Spring-Cart, with nornoas for oaoh, at Tattorsall's Bazaar. GENTLEMEN'S Black Satin HATS, latest shapoa1 and best qualities, at Blair's London Mart, 05 Eilzabcth-strcot. 150 may 21 ANDSOME Montura PHAETON, witli on closure, for SALE at Marks's Carriage Factory, Callion Gardens. 131 HORSE-SHOES, rnado from tho Colonial pattern, the finest samplo in tho market. Mfllor and ' Macquiatan, 101 William- street._107 may 4 HOOP-IRON, .?, 3, to 2J in.,-20 Tons on SALE. Bishop and Koop, 43 Elizabeth-street. S3 maye HORSE-SHOE NAILS, Walker's genuino in splondld condition and paoked iii bags of 14 lbs. 101 Wililom-atroot. 103 may i fl OOP IRON for SALE, Cheap. Turnor, 41 Little Bourko-strcot cast. 200 may 5 IRON HOUSES and STORES on SALE. Meyer and Co., 42 Collina atreot east._lSinaO IRON.-BAR IRON, boat brands, all Bizoa, on SALE. Porter Brothors, Elizabeth-stroot north. _103 my 4 _' IRON-PILLARS, from 8 to 14 feet, on SALE. Ed« mund WcBtby and Co., Flindera-lano west. _183 may 28 KITCHEN RANGES, with L boilers, ovens and wrought-iron mountings, of tho most anprovol construction, mado to order, sultablo for privato fa- milies or hotels, from 40 to 72-Inches. James M'Ewau and Co._''_172 may 6 ÍOHT Galvanised SHEET-IRON on SALE. Jamo« M.'Ewan and Co._174, may fi LAMP OILS, Naphtha, and Camphino, wholo salo and retail. Victoria Oil Company, 36 Swan, ston-strcet. 7 may 11 LONDON-BulltDOG-CAIlT, with Plated Mountings and Lamps comploto, for SALE at Marks'* ! Factory, Victotia-Btroct._128 NEVA STEARINE CANDLES.-Tile old gemüiü NEVA OANDLE for SALE. J. J. Clarko, 01 ' Queen-street._817 OIL-Oliiuoso and Reflnod Whale OIL?. . Usher, Ricarda and Co., 114 Collins-street west. ^^___0 may 14 OPTICIAN, Brazilian Pebble Spectacles^ Eye-j glasses, Eyo-proaorvorfl, rocommondod by ovary I eminent oculist. Moss, 17 Cellins-strect wost. i ,_174: may 7 OPTICIAN, ORGANIC VIBRATORS, curuw deaf- I ' noss, universally employed by oolebratod EILT-1 ?'(iib and Frciiclt aurfst«: 17 Collin?stroot. j 173 moy J ' Merchandise. OPTICIAN.-HYDROMETERS, " Saficliaronioters^ 1 Baromotors, Thormomotors, Microscopes, Tele-.l icopes, Storooseopes, Poworful Majnifiers, Solomon's'* Exhibition Glasses. 17 Colllns-Btreet. 170 may 7 ' PTIOIAN.-Parties valuing their Sight and wish." ] Ins to ho properly sultod, should call 17 Collins. Istrcot._177 may 7 , PLOUGHSHARE MOULDS, Mould Boards, Olíala ! Traeos, &c.; Porter Brothers, Ellzaboth-stroet uoith._ 151 may 5 i PATENT ît AIL-AXLES and Foster's Cart Axles, all sizes. Miller and Macquistan, 101 Wllllam .strcot_183 may S P~IANOFORTE-a Collord Squore; also, osplondUl Full Grand for SALE or HIRE. Gloss Cottage, Victoria-parado. _100 may i PIANOFORTES, by BroadwooS, and Collard and Collord, &c;, at Joseph Wllkio's, Importer, Collins-etrea .east._816 moy 131857 PIANOFORTES and the newest Muslo always on bond at JOBoph Wllkio's, Importer, 15 Collins* street east. _ 806 jun 121867 IANOFORTES.-Suporior Pianoiortos at Mr. Uiolioi' ~ " " - *. ...... 101 Colllns-s JT Richard Paling's, importer, tunor, and tetolier, olllns-stroet, Moohnnlcs' Institution. 293 moy 21 RESIN for SALE, SO Barrels American ; 12s. por barrel. 80 Swanston-stroot._21 mays EQISTER STOVES, now landing ex Lightning;, Glencairn, and Ida, comprising bright with, ¡ormolu mountings, Berlin black with bright ! mould- ings, and nlaln black. A choleo assortment of Pon- ders to match. James M'Etvan and Co. 171 may 5 SECONDHAND ~PIANO~for SALE-cheap," price £80: good tone and sound. 125 Gertuide- I s ti cot,_050 ! SAUSAGE s KINS, Pig's and Sheep's, In prime ordor. E. C. Wheelock and Co., 120 Russoll htreot. * 188iux0 SAOKB.-S-bushol SACKS, full weight, on SALE. W. Lawrauco, 43j Willlam-strcot. 025 may 0 STRINGS with Scroll Irons, five to olght platoa. Mlllor and MnoqulBtan, 101 Willinm-stroot. i_ 103 may 8 QUPERIOR AVharf DRAY on Sprlugs and Patent |>J Axle 8 A'Beckot-Btreot west._293 may 8 QPECTACLES, Eye-glasses, Telescopes, Magic Lan Ö toniB, Pocket CompaSBoa, nt Enrlo's, Optiilau, 1E8 Bonrko-stroot east. 186 may 0 d and wk ÍQODA ASH on SALE. A. Dalrymplo and Co,, 49 SO Flinders-lane west._03 may 10 ¡¿¡M1THS' BELLOWS, Smiths' Bellows, from 80 to 0 38 inches, double-nailed. 101 WlUiam-stroot. 1 _ 100 may 4 [QTEEL, largo assoitmont, Octagon, Square, Blister, Ö and Doublo Shear ; also Milling Tools. Porter Broth ors, Elizahoth-streot north. 152 may 23 PRING CART for SALE, Bultablo for town-or country. Also Jaunting Cars and Convoyauco Carts, both now and second-hand. Marks's Coach Factor}, Victoria-street. 133 QTANHOPE Mail PHAETON for SALE at Marks'« O Carriago Factory, Vlotoria-strcot, Carlton Gardens. 130 TO Can lors and Others.-For SALE, New Ameri- can Road WAGGON, just finished. 141 L«. ^fiobcBtreot east._210 may C kriO Ironmongers.-Ball's Registered Poitablo Sus .L pending and Revolving OVENS, at 200 Bourka strcet cast._j_273 may 4 fTlO Architects, Buildors, and Partios ruinishlng. X Janies M'Ewan and Co. call especial attontion to their present stock of Kitchen Rangos and Register Stoics, which upon inspection will bo found to om bracc all the most raodorn improvements. 170 may S rpO Coach and Wheelwrights.-SHAFTS, Poles, _ Wlilppletroo and Carrlago Framing, cut to ordor. j! real British oak or uah. Miller and Macqulstan, 92 Lonsdalo street west. 101 may 8 O Painters.-SOO Drums each Boiled and Raw Olli on SALE cheap. James M'Ewan and Co. _173 may I TT\0 AGRICULTURISTS, «o. X Bone Dust Manuro.£12 per Ton. Boan do. ~ 10 do. Half-Inch do..8 do. Flemington Bono Mills. Town Office, 7 Lo Trobe atreet cast._034 may 12 TIN PLATES, IO, IX, DX, SDX, SDXX. Bishop and Keop, 43 Elizabeth-street. 55 may 6 mo MILLERS and MILLWRIGHTS.-Jttst t» _ hand, Dressing Machine, Wiro and Brushes, Smutting Machino Wiro, Mill Bills and Thrifts, Patent Vulcanized Belting, 3 to 8-inch. Fulton and Co., Engineers, Ironmongers, roundry Warohoiiso. 51 may 14 T y YOES, Hammors, and other Smiths' Tools; Quartz and Masons' Hammers, Picks, ¿te. Porter Brothers, Elizaboth-Btroot north. 150 may S TT7-HITECÍIAPEL OARTS To_bT SOLD" cheap, at T T Morks's coach factory. Victoria streot. 127 WINES and SPIRITS, Alos, Porter, and Cigars, as ,well as Grocorlos, on SALE by Francis Hobson, No. 15 Marl.-ot-strcot. N.B.-None but tho choicest articles kept in Stock._180 jly 7 TiTOTIOK OF REMOVAL OF THE OFFICE OF li v THE FOOTSCRAY SOAP AND CANDLE WORKS.-Mr. A. E. COHEN begs to lutlmato that ho has removed lils olllco from Fllndors-Iane to No. 28 Market-street, next door to Moser«. Brown and Noyes, whero ho has tho following goods on hand for BALE: Footscray soap and do, candles b'penn condies Cou/so and fino salt . Amber resin, Tcnnent's and Musprot's soda-ash, &c.; Tallow, raw fat,'slush, bought st the highest mar- ket price for oash._881] un 2* Ñ S Ä" L Ê ^ Poperhangings Wliito loaa, Nos. 1, 2, 8 Red lead Patent dryers Turkoy umber in oil Blue, groen, black, brown, rod, yellow, aud stone colour parnta Crown, sheet, enamelled, and coloured glais all sizes China and colza oil Raw,and boiled oil Turpontlno, English and American Varnishes, conch-builders' and housc-pxintersj Palutorb' brushes in great variety Fine colours | Gold and silver leaf Portland and Roman content l Plostor of Paris Glazed sashes Glaciers' diamonds Lead piping. 2}, 8, and 4 inch Gold mouldings and corners. 3\. LANG and CO., Importers and Wholesale Her chant«, 74 Flinders-lono cost._08 may IS ON SALE, just landing, Ex Anne Roydon and Groat Britain: Sinclair's Belfast bains Cork butter North Wilta cheero 1 Mixed and pic nio biscuits Mustard, in 411). and 71b. tins < Pearl barloy, oatmoal, and split peas Sago and arrowroot Castor and salad oils Column's staroli and bluo . Geneva, in 2 gall, caeos Scotch whiskey, Linlithgow distillery ' W. I. rum, 10 o.p. ' , MILLER BROTHERS and CO., 5 Bond-street. _ r_250 may S N SALE by the Undorstgned, now landing, hish moss pork i ¡ , ¡ --i Prime Cheshire cboese I L Blasting powder, in half and quarter barrels Oilmen s stores , .jCapvas. ' , Swlro Brothers, 33 Flinders-lane west. 181 may 7 ON SALE by the Undorslgned I'atna rice, now orop No. 1 Cqsslporo sugar Brandy, lu bulk and case, Comandon Jordun almonds Salmon, 2-lb. tins, Feasts Salad oil Belmont and Froncli candles , Bottled alo and porter Flour, Mageroyfs and crown Cape barley. MEhOIIIOR und CO., 38 Flindori-laiio west. , ,_044 may 4 0 TH E Uudorsigned have on S A L E - I Port wine, in hogsheads and quarter casks I Do hi 1 doz coses - | t Sherry wine, in hogsheads and quarter casks Do in 1 and 3 dor cases > Old tom, Pi estons, Evans, and Fnn'a la hogsheads, ^ i» and quarter cisks Dodo in 1 do?casos Oaronno proprietors and Da Costa brandy W.I. rum, 12 and 81 o p. < Evans and Co.'s double brown steut ándale in hulk i Do porter, in 1 dozon casks '. Phn's imperial xxx stout, In 4 doz casks Do xxx ale, do ' 1 Truman's porter, in 4 doz «asks, bottled by Pim and Co. < Meux's London Btout, do do i , L andSlb. tins salmon Goshen butter jaiiccs, assorted ' Steel's double crown and 3hutnev leather soap 3urrj Powder BurnB' cutty pipes Currants, in barrels Cordage ; [.atna rice, dtessod I Canvas, No. 1 to 4 tiotth Wilts ohooso Iron safe doors ' Invoice drugs, &c.; Ornature, thumb blue i u J To Arrive- i Carriages, can loge and dogcart trimmings i Lance» ood shafts, paporlianglngs, hosiery Champagne, Adelaide flour, Se. i CALLENDER, CALDWELL and CO, 41 King ktrcct _4 may j , 'TÍO Stationors.-CALLENDER, CALDWELL, and I X CO., have on SALE,- i Printing paper Quills and quill pona Coloured demj School slates i Writing paper Book do. I htalionoiy, various Dickinson's printing cards School copy -books Brown and grey paper. Printing and wilting ink j may IN STORE, and on SALE, by the undersigned. 120 eases C. and Bs fruits, al! B currant« 100 do. do. jams, assorted j I , 60 do. do. onions I «¡0 do. do. solad oil ' ' SO do. do. driod husks i I 50 do. do chceso ' ¡ I SOO do. do. old tom ' 100 do. gin, anchor, brand I Alwt>3 on baud o general assortment of theiuost l.tcetiics, Wines, and Spirits. J ] \ 10UI.KT WALKER, 2und 4 Sttaiiston- stroet. , 303$lay 5 MeichandliO. FENCING WIRE.^-'Black'aud Galvanized, to 5 Ploughs, iron stwidards, farm gates I Camp ovens, sand boiler«, bar weights ' Tip carta, hurdloa, and stoam piping Manilla iopo, 2J to 4 in,, wiro netting - bart wheels and axle», and iron safes Oniomontal Iron railings ond gatos I Galvanized and black corrugated iron ROSS, ROBERTSON and CO., 110 Collina-streeb west. _220 may 4 li 0 N. IRON. IRON". 400 tons rod and bar iron, best brands and sizes 20 do, bollor-platcB 30 do, shoot aud hoon itou 3 do. horseshoes, with nails, &c.; Felloes, spokes, and naves, assorted sizes Plough beams and handles Bullock poles, dray shafts, bluo gum aud iron ' bark Axles, axlo blocks and boxes Patent mail axles and springs, stops, &e.; Blister, cast, and spring stool Oak, ash. hickory, blue gum, and blackwool Bolts, nuts, points, olia, ¿te. Carron Yard, 72 Fllndors-lano east, and 120 to 123 Littlo Lonsdalc-streot aud La Trobo-streot west. 310 may 4 d and wlc N TtJOW OPENING and on SALE or Xl Cash Only; bj S. ELLIOTT, Ironmonger, Bourke-stroot.oornorof Russell street. 1 WINTER GOODS. Small parlour stoves and grates Toddy and copper kettles Biush, open, and plain door mats Tuloscopo toasting forks Douhlo block tin dishoovots Nursery lamps, hollows, all slzos Elegant pnpler macho trays Elogaut fondero and fire-irons. i Cask containing Britannia metal teapots, of all slzos, andolojaat 1 designs. Caso containing;-» Brass curtain poles Rosen ood curtain polos Elegant covered polos Brass and wood curtain rings Elegant opal ends and bands Cask containing Cheese and mushroom hoad bolts, for carriages, te., all sizes and lengths. COOPERS' TOOLS, Consisting of Coopers' two-hand roundBbavos Do drawing knives De chisels Do »voting hatnniors Do bung borers Do tap borers Do punches, &o.;, ¿to. Also, '¿li completo sots of stouo.mosons' chisels. _180 olav O W LANDING, ox lato Arrivais, 00 tons Manilla ropo 200 boxes tin platea, IO., IX. 35 hilda, hollowaro 20 casks horseshoes, Gilpin'« 20 tons zinc and steel COO grindstones 600 kegs nails, assorted ,10 tons clout nails and tacks ,10 casks hinges, assniod ,20 casks rim and other locks C casks garden rakes and hoes 150 doz. spades, oxtrostrapped 10 hiles shop twlno B bolo* horso halters 8 tasks dog chains and collars Zl nu 1rs blacksmiths'bellows 8 Illida, house do. S cases saws S do. table and pockot knives S casks counter machines and steelyards ,10 tons iron weights, assorted 25 cases fender and flrolrous 2 casks Sorby's augors and gimlots 2 do. do. adzes 1 3 casos trays and walters 30 hhds. tin and japan goods 5 hhds. coal vases, and Brosswaro, wiro, platod goods, &o.; MITCHELL and BONNEAU, 15 Elizabeth-street. _128 may IB alt ON S A I, E, by the undersigned,-« Martoll's brandy \ U.V, brandy Batzoroo's brandy Allsopp's ale, No. 8, in bjlk Do bottled by Friend, quarts and pints Barclay's porter, do Sherry In bulk Do bottled, pale and brown Champagne, port, and hock White load and colours Woolpacks, 0 and 10 lbs Blasting and fine powder, patent fuse Corrosivo sublimato. GRAHAM, LAMB, and CO 4403 mon th and o WH. and G. FREER, Iron Merchant», 191 * Ellzaboth-stroot, have for SALE : Bar and rod iron, H.B. oro vu brand Horse shooing iron, best H.B. eoglo brand ' ' Shoot ¡ron, 7 to 20 W.G., J-iueh boiler plato Anglo, oval, hair-round ond bevelled brou Hoop iron, 1 inch to 6 inchosx & Axlei arms and boxes finished, 2J to 8} inch Ann blocks, 2J to 3} inch Mail axle arms, lj, IB and 15 inch, and springs Coach bolts, 5-10 to \ Inch Stool, blister, cost, doublo shear and spring Gtlpin's horso shoos, Walker's horao nolls Bellows, anvils, vyeos, tow-irons, amith's tong« Ploughsliaro moulds, cart bushes, forgo backs Spiko nails, 5, 6 and 7 inoh Invoices of Lockwood's pocket cutlery flalvanlzed corrugated iron, 24, W.G. 3-Inch corner 0 foet, &c.; 044 mon tu m»y 14 BRISCOE and CO., Ironmongers, 08 and 03 Elizt both-street, hovo on SALE :_. Bar fron B.B.H. orown, squaro, round, half round, flot, all sizes Do. Low Moor brand Hoop and sheet iron, ami boiler plates Galvanised Iron, plain and corrugated Zinc, plain and perforated Steel, octagon, blistor, shear, and spring Coppor boilers, three-legged pots and camp ovens Kitchen rangos, roglstcr gratos, fondors, oui Ora irona English stoves, Amorlcan pottom Otal boilers, saucepans, kettles, gridirons, frying pans Green wiro nursery fondors, hand hollows Britannia met«! and blocit tin tea and coffee pots Tablo cutlery, alboto plato spoons and forks, salts, sugar crushers Pocket cutlery, sheep-foot knives, farriers' knives, butohors' buivos Butchors' cloavors, stools, Avory's standard counter scales Aiorys platform weighing machines, Fairbonk's do. Potent steelyards. Sattcr's spring balances Coil'oo mills i Lyon's i auROgo machines Spirit measures, quart to five gallons Brassfoundry. Y. M. and brass cocks, bell furni- ture Butter tastors, bog hooks, callipers, wiro gauges Water cans, boor-Jugs and covers, crystal lanterns, slop pailB Tin and japanned chimbor candlesticks, brass pillar oandlostlcks Nursery lamps, American refloctor lamps Hanging lamps, 2, 3, and 4 lights, bakara' lamps Tinned and cnamollcd milk dishes, American churns, buttor prints Hoi so and bullock bells and hobbles, taco and bullock oholnB Dog chains, brass and leather dog collara Ameiican hard and wood ware, imported direct Etvbnuk's nolls, Walker's horse nolls, horse-shoes Sledge and hand hammers, stocks and dies, screw i plates í Smiths' bellows, anvils, vyoos, tiro irons and . woter do. I Tinsmiths' machines and mountings, block- tin and soldor Blasting powder, patont fuso, gun and pistol caps, soorting powder Manilla rope, Bongal linos, brush ware, coir mats China lamp oil, white lead, raw and bollad oil. BR1S0OE and CO , 00 and 08 Elizaboth-streot ; WU. BRISCOE and CO., Northampton. 65 may 8 alt o ON S A L E by tho Undersigned, Brandy, U Vineyard's, in bulk Rum, Demorara, 10 o p Old tom, bulk and bottle Whlskoj, Campledown, iu bulk Gonota, red aud grcon cases Port wiiio, pipeB, hhds, and quartora Do, in cases, Hunts, single diamond Bottled porter I Butter, Gould's double roso Cork Candles, Healo s and Prico's Currants, in barrels Muscatels, almonds, shollod Jordan Glugor, African and Jamaica, bleached Isinglass, Brazil, uno cut Castor oil, thumb bluo Salmon, 1 and 2 lb tins Swoct almonds for confectioners Quicksilvei, canvass woolpacks > Stationery Turpentine, wluto lead Lead piping Boots, Homan's Invoices JOSEPHS, LANGDON, and CO , 55 Little Collins atreot_ N S A Ii E by tho Undersigned, Canvas and rope Salt's ale Hibbert's bottled boot Pigoon's old tom Mixing brandy, pole and dark Port wine in bulk Sherry in bulk and casa Irish pork and Russian tongues Stockholm tar Mustard, salad oil, &c.; Cocoanut fibre ana horsehair Wax vostas Plated ware Shot Cheoso SMITH, STRACHAN and CO , 27 William straat. _029 N SALE by tho Undersigned, ex Norwood and Hebe, from London, now landing, Bules o 4 gentian blankets Do do. scarlet do Do do white do Do 10 4 green do Do blue serge shirts Do blue pilot pea coats 1 Cases Balmoral watertight« * Do naded bluchers Do Napoleon boots Bales groy shooting, 33,86, and 72 ¡neue» Bales urown paper WHARTON, OAIRD, and LITTLE, 3 Queen tied south, 135 ml Silt 0 erofc&ndlae.; O'N 'SALE by the Undorslgnod Cases ale, 4 doz. each, AUsopp's. Do. do. do., Bass's, Do. stout, do., Truman's. Cases and barrels Dunlop and North Wilts < oheese. I Cases port wine, 2 doz. each. Qr.-cosks do., three diamond, Cockrmrn'a i Cases sherry, 1 and 2 doz, each. Barrels whiting. Casks arsenic. Kegs split peas. Cases tartarlo acid. Kegs carbonate soda. COBOS biscuits, Slater's. Cases salmon, 1 and 2 lb. Do. lobsters, 2-lbs. , Boxes candios, Prlco's Belmont, No. 1, < Cases oilmen's stores. Boxos Steelo's orown palo yellow soap Hhds. RadcllfFs No. S Burton alo, brewei ex- pressly for Australia Kegs white lead, 28 lbs. each WHARTON, CAIRD, and LITTLE, 3 Queeu -strcot south. 166 moy ft alt ON 8 A L E , or Pedostrian, &c;,-¿> U, V. brandy, in bulk, Central Society brandy, in case J.D.K.Z. geneva Double-diamond port wine Glonloven whiskey Bottlod alo and porter Truman's double stout, In bulk Pearl barley and oatmeal Fencing wire Bolt-ropo, spun yarn, 2 yarns OhaiiiB, light wolght * Blankets Tobacco- pipes, assorted Pitch and tar Mauritius sugar, ration and counter Gunny bogs. R. TOWNS and CO., 26 William-street. _83 amy» FOR SAL E,-. Ex Ida, now Landing ot Railway Pier, 1,024 barrels, 25 bundies SS Crown Stoffordsuir« ' bor Iron 71 plates LB Crown do. Iron 100 bundles LB Crown do. sheet iron 80 kogs 2-inch brads and bright cut loth nolls Ex Broughton Hall, \- 1,000 sacks oats, to arrive, now duo Ex Oity of Sydney. 75 cases American leg boots, finost quality, cUe*¡» , to closo sales ' 12 \ Ida, Bco, James Bohíos, landing or In store. Corrugated sheet iron, assorted BUZOS, straight ant roofing Butter, Gould's and Barker's, ISO firkins Bacon, finost smoked , Ale, tho Burton Brewery Co.'s Wldcrfc, 2to. 1,15» . hhds. Cheese, double Gloucester, truckles, oui L»n> ' castor Salad and castor oil, Botty's Mustard, ¿-lb. bottles, do. Ale, Carson's strong, 70 hhds. Í Porter, Carson's XXX stout, 80 hhds. Whlskoy, Moore's Coleraine, hhds. and quirted casks Portwine, Butler's, in quartor-casks 1 Sogo, pcorl borley, and chicory Hops, Kent, 1865 Oil-baizes, Storey's 6-4 Cordago, 50 coils boBt Europe, assorted sizes , Boots, men's and youths' seasonable, Eltoy'j make. 20 coses Quicksilver, 29 iron bottlos, Rothschild's Spanish. And to arrive por Morning Glory, Queen of Sheba, Broughton Hall, 000 sacks salt, 40 barróla and caroteol's currants, IS cases sago, SO skoloton coses figs, 10O hhds. Burton Bro ivory Co.'s ale, 40 barrels and half barrels pork, cheoso, Scotch whlskoy in cue, pearl horley, nails In bags, &c.; ' T. R. WALLEN and SONS, l8 Flmdors-lano west. _02 mo 8 alt f<\ O R SALE by tho Undersigned, J? 1,000 bushels Scotch oats 2,000 do. Danish do. 200 do. Capo barloy (seed) ' 100 firkins Cork butter (Gould's) iSO casks Wolongong do. , 800 barrels flour (Haxall) 300 coses pint pickles (Feast's) , 20 toes pototoos ' i 10 do. onions 12 liorso drays (Boyles) < > > Hams, bacon, ko. ¡ J. J. CLARKE, 03 Queen-street._81» BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO. hove on SALE, Dog-carts from Oroal and Co.'s, Edinburgh, highly 1 finished, two wheeled, with silvor-mountod r" lamps, patent leather aprons, shifting screw for the balance, driving box, &a.;, complete. Moll dog-carts, with silver-mounted lamps, larga t waterproof aprons, shifting screw for balance, and driving box cemploto. Comer Bond-streot and Flinders-lone. , 4868 may 19 Trade Addreases. ALL kinds of General PRINTING, including Bookwork, Postors, and overy description of Plain and Ornamental Work, executed on tho shortest notico,' in tho first Btylo, at the LOWEST PRICES, by Wm. FAIRFAX & CO., Printers and Publishers, 7S. CollinB-stroot East, next door above Argus office. 4164 ap 8, 53 A LEXANDER McGEOCH, Wine and Spirit Mor .£_ chant, Howard-street, North Melbourne. Fatm liea Supplied._025 may 13 AT NORTON'S, 83 Colllns-stroot, Molbourno, and ^larkot scraaio, Goclong, Pictures aro properly \ Framed. Charges moderate._278 may S A -DALRYMPLE and CO., Purchase HIDES . ' and TALLOW, at highest prices. 40 Flindors [ hne west._04 mt 16 ' A YERAGE S-ATHR.-ARCHIBALD J. GAR f x_ RIOOK, Avujm) Stater, and Adjuster of Ships , Accounts At Mr. Khull's, 00 Colllns-stroot wost. ,_120 ' A1 NNOUN CEMENT.-To the Storekeepers aud1 Drapers of Victoria.-DRAPERY. Drapery. -C.isl\ buyers from tho country are respectfully m i vlted lo attend Wado's Auotion Rooms. Sales of F incyiDnpery, Ready-modo Clothing, and Manchostor Goods; usually hold evorj Tuosday and Friday. Larg.] af-'ortmonts of usoful goods at very low prices Also a largo qpon stock of Drapery Is olwaya on viow for prit ate solo at tho lowest wholesale prices. Goods carefully packed and forwarded. WADE and GOWEN, Wholesale Drapery Ware- house and Auction Mart, 80 OoUlns- stroet east. 46 BUCHAN, Agent. Debts and Rents Collected, farrants Issued 85 Little Collins-street, ir Palmer-street, Colling« ood. 10 may 9 ULLA STEAM FLOUR MILL, Dcop Crook, within iii en miles of the Gap.-This mill boing now lu mil working order, the undersigned bogs respectfully to intimate that ho ts prepared to sell FLOUR st Molbourno pricos. JOHN LILLIE, Miller. _12SJly27d&wkalt; BAGATELLE and Billiard Manulactutors. JOHNSTON, ALCOCK, and CO., 132 Russoll : street, Melbourne Balls, Cues, Tips, eV, I_'¿30 may 25 CUIAl'LIN and M'REA, Accountants, Romorod ' from Eldon Ckombots to 57 Elizabeth-street. '_44 may 13 B CS. REEVES, Wool, Hide, and Tallow . i Merchant.-Omeo and Stores, 10 A'Bockott street,1 Melbourne; Works, Viotoria'crcscer.t, Col- lingwood. N.B.-Highest prices for hldos, rough fat, and sheep skins. ' 60junl2 DR. Ki»RL NAUMANN« Lehrbuch dor relner land angewandten Krystsllographie. Wilson aud.DwIght, 2J4 Bourko-stroot east. 4 may 9 T&URNITURE; end Picture Frame Manufactory.- I JP O. G. MOULDINQS for SALE. Chiaroui's, Iii i LaTrobo-streot west._281 may 2S > GEQRGESON and Son, 143 Bourko-atrect oast, importers of first-class Boots and Shoes. [ i '_177 may 13 GOLD-MELTING, Boflning', Assaying, aud Metal- lurgical Examinations made by W. Major Bu* rott, 82 Swanston-stroot. * HORSES SHOD as they ought to bo, having the .feet properly parod and dressed ; the nogleot of i this-plie cauBO of corns, qulttor, hoot, tcudernOH and contraction of the foot, with broken knooa. I Young or restivo horses shod without bad treatment or injury, whilst, susponded in Blburs, socured iu a Ci o vi«-tho only one in the colony. ' Charges for Shoeing: 0s., 10s., 11s,, and 12a., the sot. Horses token in to Livery at Seven Shillings per Night. Stalls to Lot at One Shilling per Night, with Wator. Loose Bovc3 for Sick Homos. > R. M'NAUGHTEN, Veterinary Surgeon, opposite Herald Once, Bourko-strect, and opposito tho Black lb- llntnl r.ihfl» rV>llln>.atr_nt. -. H URHEY'S SALE OP (ESTATES, 1031 Elizabeth . street, every Monday. No sale no charge. r _262 may 4 i HURREY, 103 Ellzaboth-streot. will PURCHASE, for Cash, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Stocka ht-Trade, &c.; > . ? _260 may 4 ÜÜRREY, Auctioneer, 103 Elizabeth-strest, will' do y «stieo to immigrants having GOODS te Dispos» ot._ |_258 may >' HURREY, Auctioneer,-1 103 Eilzaboth-strest, ATTENDS to OUT-DOOR SALES of all lands. ._ _201 may * JOHN THOMAS WILD, Clock and Watch Hakor Colonial Jowollor, &c.;, No. 7 Oolllna-street west. _«8 July 28 ' TAMES ROY, Bootmaker, 8 Bourko-street east, ti next the Post OfiUc, hi returuing thanks for post favours, respectfully «olloits a continuance From hi« rain thorough practical knowledge of the business, cniployuig only first-class workmen, fools confident he is able to produce au artlolo not lo bo surpassed in tho colony. Orders for Gontlomon'a BIDING BOOTS, Napoleons, Jockeys,, or any artillo in tho TRADE, mado at the shortest notice. J. R. would also remark 1 i that ho i _ot recommending nothing but the beat description of Imported GOODS, making no charga for replacing any I superficial work of thoso recommended. TIio Trade supplied with every description of Colo nUI Work._W° ""»y 8 JOSEPH HILL, twont)-fivo years with W. J. Whito, Holborn, London, Mill Manufacturer, flrat luruhig- past the Labour in Vain, Brunswick street, Collingwood. Every description of mills mono to work by Laud, horso, or steam powor. Old mllU ' »c-cut equal to now. References to Harley and Co.. Müiders-uuie west, and D, Watson, Elizabrth- street. JStcluouruc, 1 , Trade Addresses. TS MANUFACTIIEER of LOOKINGfS, and PICTtJR Ï FRAMES Modo to Order; Glasses Re-silveret J. Camp!. 122 RuBsell-stroot. _8 May« ADAME, VICTORINE, Fronch Dressmaker. REMOVED from 112 Collins street to 10 Fliudors street lauo, oonior Russoll- stroot. _172 may I» MUSICAL REGISTRY.-Vocalists, &o.;, suppliai with situations, free of any charge. Or. Ohai maii, !ll7 Swanston street._451 may 5 "VriGHTMAN.-J. COOKBILL, from London, is uo» li prepared to Empty Watorclosots, to meet th» times, in town or country. Rubbish romovod from yardi at short notice. Oldors at No. 42 Littlo Bourko stroernest._03 may 12 ?\TIGHTMAN.-Water-Closets Emptied and Hu!» li 'blah Removed, at lowest possiblo rates, hy Powell, Bourko-stroot, entranco Elstern Market. .. 65 may l8 O"TÏ C~E OF R E M O Y A ¿r~^~ i To Drapers, Storekeepers, &c.; EfAMUEL FINLEY and CO., Beg to return thanks, to their numeran i fnonets for tho vory liberal support thoy liavj received since theil commencement io business, and also beg to inform thom that, owing to the rani* increoso of their trade, they have romovod to thoso nsv nudspoclouspremlscs, just completed,situated In Noi. 20 arid 28 Colllns-Btroot oust, and next to the Londoi Chartered Bank. We have arrangomonts made with our Loudou nous» tor regular mont Ely shipments, and aro now recolvlnr, n largo and vanod assortment of seasonable Drapery Goods, ox James Baines, Indomitable, ond Norwood, all of which, in addition to our largo stock, w» liavo now ready for inspection. Melbourne, 18th April, 1857. 235 may 12 .Vf OTIOE OF REMOVAL.-JOHN THOMPSON, li , lato of 08 Ellzaboth-streot, bogs to Inform hu friends and the publio that ho has REMOVED t» thoso spacious premisos, No. 78 Bourke street cost, with lo lorgo and woU-asaorted Stook of Winter Dra- pery, Haberdashery, Hoslory, Men's Clothing, ¡io. Soliciting tho favour of on early coll. Please net» the address,- Albion Houso, 78 Bourke street east., '_03 may 21 ICTURES aro FRAMED by Working Men »ni Trodosmen, at Borkor's, 204 Bourko-stroot east. Satisfaction guaranteed. 133 may l8 .piOTURE-FRAME MANUFACTORY, 33 Collins X ¿troot. Norton, glldor, decorator, prlntsellar, S.o. ¡Paintings restored, Frames regln. ,_277 may ARTIES Desirous of PUROHASING Town or Country PROPERTIES should apply at 10S Elizabeth-street._250 may 4 I>ANTKOHNIOON CARRIAGE REPOSITORY^ ¡Lato tho Queen's Theatre, Queen-street, Mel- bourne. WM. WILLIAMS, Coach Builder, Collins-street; east, rcspocttiuly invites the attontlon of the publie to tho establishment. In connection with his Col- lins-street Factory, of o Cardigo RopoBitory within the spacious area of tho building lately known as tin Quoon's Theatre, No. 01 Queen-stroot, which hoi undcrgono extensivo alterations to adapt it to its pro sent (¡so. The aim of the proprietor will be to offer to ownqrs and consignees of carriages such facilities for their sale as have not hithorto existed. The numerous promises of support already received give grounds for predicting that mrohasere will find Increased *d. vantages in the number, varioty, and quality of the carriages admitted for selection, whilst selUrt will experience correspondingly favourable result? in the suponor arrangements for preserving in cleanly and saleable condition, at all tiinoi, such vehi- cles as may bo sont in for sale. Morchonts and Consignees aro offered tho ser- vices of skilled Mechanics, who will be ready at any moment to attend the landing, unpacking, and sotting together of all descriptions of Car- riages, and their preparation for sole. The great height of tho building, its substantial character, and freedom from damp or dust, reader the safe custody and preservation of property u complete as possible Moderate charges will be made, and the best attention uniformly given to tho con- servation of tho intorosts of constituents " Molbourne, February 0,1867. 273 may 9 IANO FORTES BOUGHT, highest prices giron; Apply G. Chapman's Muslo Warehouse, 11T Swanston street. Terms, Cash._428 moy S PHOTOGRAPHIC PORTRAITS, in tho highest stylo of tho art. Mr. Phillips, 83 Collins-street cost. 166 may 5 IANOFORTES Bought, Exchanged, Refeltoi, Regulated, Tuned, Repau-ed, Resilked, Packed, and Moved. 15 Colllns-streot east; 805 Jon 121857 ÂTËNTS for INVENTIONS.-Evory information may be obtained of Mr. Ritchie, 79 Chancery -ano._83 may 14 UADRILLD PARTIES Attended. Mossrs. It. i and J. Moss, professors of tho pianoforte, li, Collins-street west._ 84 may 0 d & wfc RÉDUCTION IN FURNITURE.-BELL ona BEAUCHAMP have the plcasuro to announc» that thoy hove made arrangements to purchase alt then British goods from the manufacturers dlroot, for cash, and that thoy will ho recolvlng monthly shipments, and aro now landing from tho Calliance and Dunsandle a vory choice selootion of Furniture, which enables them to redueo their retail prices. Tliey have now upwards of 1000 Iron, brass, and tubo bedsteads, with children's cots at from 20s. oui upwards, with flock, coir, and hoir mattraasos, ant about 200 pieces of floor-oloth, comprising ovary ?variety, width and pattern, at from 3s. to 4s. Gd. tlii square yaid. Their colouiol-mado furniture is too well known t» need comment-their stock of cedor and other wools bointí extensivo ; and they rospoctfully solicit an in- spection of thoir immense stook of furniture, that hoids of families, hotol keepers, »nd others may judge for themselves. Orders punctually attended to. Houses furnished from the kitchen to the drawing-room with despatch, flood) carefully packed, and weighed if requirod, and forwarded to any part of tho colony, at the shortest notice. The Torms will be Cash, without discount or abate mont. N08.-38 and 40 Colllns-streot east. lst'JIoy, 1857._81 may 13 alt RBVER MURRAY.-To Settlers, &c.-s7Sn;íALL7, Goolwa, S.A, having Oponed lils Wholosal» Store and General Agency Office at the above place, isro«dyito supply good articles at moderato ratet. Goods sent per noxt Btoamor. 4705 may 12 STOKES, Die Sinker, Letter Cntter, Seal Eugrave/y Buttormarkcr, and Stamper, 115 Flindora-lane cast, Melbourne. 15 moy 5 STOREKEEPERS, Squatters, and othors about to lay in thoir Wintor Supplios, will fin i it their advantage to call on BATES and MILLS, 15 Bourko. streot east, near the Post OíEco, where they eon ha supplied with a superior class of all kinds of Grocery Provisions, Wine, Spirits, &c.;, at prices and quality not to be equalled in Molbourne 487 moy 13 ibTORIA ASPHALTE COMPANY. - CON ¡TRACTS taken for Laying ASPHALTE FLOORS, &c;, by Unmack Brothors, 28 Flinders-lane west. _121 jual "tTtrHOLESALE SADDLERS.-Loader, James omi iT» Co., 103 Elizabeth-street, now stook OolouUl PATTERNS, constantly arriving. 057 may 9 WATCHES, Books, Guns, Pistols, Musical and Ma. themotical Instruments,-anything and every- thing Purchased. Ninnis, 83 Little Bourke-stroot oast. _802 may 4 .«XTATCH-GLASSES, Is. Watch Ropsirlng equally TT! cheap, and warranted. Ninnis, wotohmokor, 83 Little Bourko-stroot oast. 803 moy 4 WATCHES. Jowellory, Diamonds, Instruments, Guns, Broken Gold and Silver orttclos. Pur- chased. Cohen, 110 BrunHwick- Btroet, CoUlngwood. _814 may 4 WATCHES CLEANED, 7s. Cd. : Watchglassos, Is. ; Hands, 1B. 6d. VIotor Cohen, Noted Watch- maker, opposite Brunswick Hotol, Collingwood. ._305 may 4 \--,-,-J Eduoatlonoa. BEACH HOUSE, St Kilda -ESTABLISHMENT: FOR YOUNG LADIES, conducted by Mis« MATTHIEU It is designed in this Establishment ta combino tlio highest branches of a polite education V. It li a sound moral and roligious training A prospo - tus will be forwarded upon application at the above nddresa References kindly permitted te-The Lord ÍBiauor» of Melbourne, the Very Rev. the Dean, the Rev. D, Sodden, Rev J Barlow, and R H. Budd, Esq '_65 may 30 alt CLASSES - MELBOURNE MECHANICS' IN- STITUTION -The Commlttoo of the above In stltutlon havo now arranged to commence the follow nig Classes, This Evening (Monday) Full particular on printed prospectuses english Grammar and Composition Logic and Rhotoric Mathematics, Chomistry. Expormienuvl Philosophy L _ _ "* Trench and JIusie W THO_H"30N, Secretary *_269 EDUCATION -Mrs DAMM"S INSTITUTION foe YOUNG LADIES, 1 Apsloy place, Eastern Hllll Melbouruo 225 may 8 d, jul 10 wk r IN OHDEY VILLA, At the corner of Hoddle and Wellington streota, r St Kilda. MRS BAXTER AND MISS MATILDA BAXTER, i rona the Boya! Academy of Music, London, Beg (o ahndunco that they receive Pupils for In. Biructlop in Pianoforte Playing, English and Italian, Singing, and Musical Composition, at their residolico, nt-bô/VOi- - - _í Mrs Baxter and Miss Matilda Butter have lud groat jcxperionco in imparting instruction in the above accomplishments in London, from whence they have rccontly arrived Fort particulars respecting terms, apply to Mm or Muja BAXTER, Flnohtoy Villa, St Kilda 48 ERMAN and French Lessons by J Bowor, 2 lAilsii toi ace, Victoria street, opposite Noahs Ark Hotel_C3 may g YtfETON 8EMINARY -MISS BENNETT, to meet the wishes ot her patrons, has reduce!, lier terms without precedent In first-glass establish Blent» Sound English Education, 45 |Gulneaa par annumt Do, with accomplishments, SO to 70, in- cluding all extras. Reference : Dean of Molbourno _8403 mo jun 15 LA VARSOVIANA. - Ladies and Qentlouien TAUGHT in Private LessouB, by Mr. Denning, at the "rpto-tant Hall_45 may O IANOFORTE, GUITAR, SIN GING.-Prof erna" Witton, twenty seven years Teacher and Loj turor ofMusic 125 Gertrude-street. 044 may 12 PIANOFORTE, GUITAR, SINGING -PrOfeMor Witton, twenty seven years Teachor and Lao tutor ol Music, 125 Gertrude street. 051 may 9 VACANCIES for PUPILS on the IPIASpFORTE T r in-Tliroo Guineas » quarter, af &ff;?Pa!i i ' ik I Mechanics intrututlta, t$i / tt 