VESSELS IN HA.RBOUR. Alsten, Hamburg barque, 500 tons, Penning, at Bott's Wharf? Kirchner and Co., agents. Discharging. Alice Brown, brig, 172 tons, ? -, in Darling Harbour ; Captain agent. Ariel, schooner, 105 tons, Milne, at Grafton Wharf ; J. Mal colm and Son, agents. For the South Sea Islands. Australian, barque, 212 tons, ? , in Darling Harbour. Asa Packer, barque, 328 tons, Jones, atsmun's waarr; K, Towns and Co., agents. Bella Vista, barque, 178 tons, Todd, at Macnamara' s Wharf ; Mac namara and Son, agents. Beejapore, ship, 1600 tons, Denninga, at Moore's Wharf; Franck, Brothers, and Gans, agents. Bilaklava, ship, 621 tons, HoQson, at Circular Wharf; Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., agents. Discharging. Carrymore, brig, 179 tons, Frances, at Flour Company's Wharf ; E. M. Sayers, agent. For Melbourne. ?Camperdown, ship, 993 tons, Denny, at Circular Wharf; Smith, Campbell, and Co., agents. Discharging. £onfiance, ship, 918 tons, eavitt, at Campbell's Wharf ; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. Discharging. ^California, Dutch ship, 633 tons, De Wyn, at Circular Wharf; Mullendorff and Co., agents. For London. -tonnecttcat, American ship, 1100 tons, Welsh, at Waterview Bay ; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. For Callao. Comet, Bchooner, 91 tons, Cork, at Circular Wharf; Mollison and Black, agents. For Nelson and Port Cooper. Ditiiel Watson, brig, 164 tons, at Circular Wharf; Mitchell and Co., agents. Dart, brig, 159 tons, Jenkins, at Flour Company's Wharf ; Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Wellington. Despatch, schooner, 130 tons, Castle, at Grafton Wharf; Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Adelaide. Egypt, barque, 341 tons, Barnes, off Towns' Wharf; R. Towns and Co., agents. For South Sea Islands. EU Whitney, American ship, 650 tons, Smaley, off Walker's Wharf; Wilkinson, Brothers, and Co., agents. For California. Edmund, ship, 912 tjns, Harvey, off Cuthbert's Wharf; Smith, Brothers, agents. Refitting. Fortune, brig, 181 tons, Vanderwood, at Flour Company's 'Wharf ; E, M. Sayers and Co., agent. For Melbourne. Fitzjames, snip, 1307 tons, Hamilton, at Walker's Wharf; H. T. Wilson, agent. Discharging. Favourite, barque, 199 tons, Simpson, in the Stream ; Captain, agent. Favourite, Bchooner, 140 tons, Coutts, off Smith's Wharf ; H. Burnes, agent. Sinii, brig, 180 tons, Davidson, off Towns' Wharf; R. Towns, agent. George Marshall, ship, 1209 tons, Henry, at Circular Wharf; Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., agents. For London. Ganges, American ship, 315 tons, Nicholson, at Walker's Wharf ; Captain, agent. For 6ale. General Wyndham, ship, 864 tons, Harrison, at Towns' Wharf ; R. Towns and Co., agents. Gazelle, brig, 280 tons, Downie, off Gas Wharf ; R. T. Ford, agent. Grey Feither, American ship, 586 tons, Brown, at Walker's Wharf; Flower, Salting, and Co., agents, Discharging. Gertrude, brig, 180 tons, Dunning, at Macnamarra's Wharfj Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Auckland. Horizont, Hamburgh ship, 430 tons, Becker, at Botts' Wharf ; Young, Lark, and Bennett, agents. Hero, Hamburg brig, 120 tons, Muller, at Circular Wharf; Haege and Prell, agents. For Honolulu. Henrietta, schooner, 107 tons, Hughes, at Campbell's Wharf; H, Fisher agent. Jaques Langlois, French ship, 383 tons, Geudion, off Circular Wharf; Vial D'Aram, and Co., agents. For Mauritius. Julie, French schooner, 46 tons, Trinott, at Circular Wharfj Vial D'Aram and Co., agents. For sale. Jacob Roggerveen, Dutch ship, 094 tons Marken, at Circular Wharf ; Mullendorff and Nahmer, agents. Discharging. Lady Blackwood, barque, 260 tons, Oliver, off Towns' Wharf ; R. Towns and Co,, agents. Lord Warreston,ship, 1114 ton6, Lock, in the Stream; Gil christ, Watt, and Co., agents. For Hongkong. Lucas, American barque, 350 tons, Daggett, at Circular Wharf; Captain, agent. iLive Yankee, American barque, 427 tons, Gove, in .the Stream j Captain, agent. Lise Amelie, French ship, 337 tons, Noeveglese, at Botts' Wharf; Griffiths, Fanning, and Co., agents. Lady Hodgkinson, ship, 823 tons, Wilson, at Botts' Wharf; L. and S. Spyer, agents, ? Discharging and f~ .jondon. Lady Harvey, brig, 145 tons, Kickers, in Darling Harbour \ ft. Towns and Co., agents. For Melbourne. Lalla Rookh, brig, 156 tons, Orr, at Macnamara's Wharf ; Cap tain, agent. Lizzie Webber, brig, 290 tons, M'Kinley, off Moore's Wharf; K. Fisher, agent. For Launceston. L. A. Bang, Swedish ship, 705 tons, Bastian, at Circular Wharf; Brierley, Dean, and Co., agetts. Discharging. Maria, schooner, 80 tons, Delaney, at Smith's Wharf; Captain, agent. For the Chatam Islands. Messenger, schooner, 152 tons, Devine, in Darling Harbour ; Cap- tain agent. Margaret Mitchell, ship, 895 tons, Stiles, in the Stream ; Captain, agent. Mary Ann, ship, 957 tons, Phelan, at Campbell's Wharf; Young, Lark, and Bennett, agents. For Callao. Mary Nicholson, barque, 253 tons, Royall, at Towns' Wharf; Captain, agent. Moa, brig, 236 tons, Thompson, at Botts' Wharf; W. Wriglit, agent. For Auckland. Nourmahal, snip, 846 tons, Bralby, ac Circular Wharf; L. andS. Spyer, agents. For London, April. Omar Pasha, ship, 989 tons, Thompson, at Circular Wharf; Gil christ, Watt, and Co., agents. Discharging and for London. Oneida, R. M. S., 2500 tons, Hyde, in Waterview Bay; J. Lar mour, agent. For London, 1st May. Pocklington, brig, 164 tons, Lewis, off Smith's Wharf ; Smith, agent. For the South rsea Islands. Phoenician, barque, 460 tons, Jamsor, at Circular Wharf ; Monte fiore, Graham, and Co., agents. Discharging. Prinds Oscar, Danish ship, 705 tons, Thorsen, at Botts' Wharf; Mullendorf, and Co., agents. Discharging. Sntton, barque, 282 tons, ? , in the Cove; Smith, agent. Sporting Lass, brig, 183 tons, Cellum, at Commercial Wharf; Bundle, Dangar, and Co., agents. For Aucland. Star of Peace, ship, 110 tons, Sproat, at Circular Wharf; Monteftore, Graham, and Co., agents. For London. 20 April. Steinwarden, Hamburg barque, 258 tons, Ariana, at Moore's Wharf; Franck, Brothers, agents. Tusearora, barque, 372 tons, Smith, in Darling Harbour ; B. Towns, owner. Tickler, American schooner, 112 tons, Martin, at Orr's Wharf; Captain, agent. For Vavou. Velox, brig, 141 tons, ? , in Darling Harbour ; M. E. Murnin, agent. Vernon, brig, 222 .tons, Spurting, at Smith's Wharf; Smith, agent. For the South Seas. Waterwiteh, barque, 250 tons, Lee, off Smith's Wharf ; Smith, William Oswald, Hamburg barque, 430 tons, Rabe, at Moon's Wharf; Haege and Prell, agents. William and Martha, barque, 260 tons, Arnold, at Towns' Wharf ; R. Towns and Co., agents. Wild Wave, brig, 179 tons, Maughan, in the Stream ; Malcolm, agent. Wanderer, brig, 140 ton6, Rozea, at Victoria wharf ; H. Clark, agent. For Melbourne. Wellington, barque, 415 tons, Mahy, at Circular Wharf ; Brier ley, Dean, and Co., agents. The Waratah (s.), from Wide Bay, was detained six days at the bar by a heavy sea, caused by a succession of south-east gdles. She left Maryborough on the 9th instant. While at anchor, a brig was seen off the bar ; also, the steamer Yarra Yarra, on Friday, off Cape Byron. Captain Knight also reports that, while on shore at the entrance of Wide Bay, he saw several portions of wreck, consisting of deck and bend plants, with pieces of rail and tal warks which were painted white, apparently about a month in the water ; also, some staves of casks, but nothing that would indicate the name of the vessel. The L. A. Bang reports having spoken the Charlotte Ann, with. Immigrants from London to Sydney on the 10th March, in latitude 40*43 S., longitude 65° E., all well. The George Marshall.— Among the many fine vessels that have visited this port, may be mentioned the George Marshall. She is now loading for London, and offers in her accaininodation for passengers most superior attractions. Her main saloon is a large and well ventilated apartment, containing 20 cabins (enclosed), with spacious bath room, &c;, this is approached by a handsome companion, the recesses being fitted up for the reception of evergreens and other plants, giving it the appearance of aminia tu re conservatory. The second cabin is 70 feet long, and affords ample room for 30 separate cabins, and is in every respect as well situated with respect to approach and ventilation as the a'ter saloon. The vessel having a flush deck affords an unimpeded promenade of 200 feet, an advantage seldom met with in sailing Bhips. She is commanded by Captain Henry, late of the Hanover, and is well worthy the inspection of the public. The Boomerang (s.), left Moreton Bay on the 19th, and brings up 143 bales wool, -and sundries. The Gazehound and Raven were lying at Brisbane. The Juno sailed for New Caledonia on 18th instant; and the Yarra Yarra (s.), from Sydney, and Julia Percy, from Isle of Pines, arrived at the bar the same day. The Favourite left Santo on the 5th instant, and experienced heavy gales from E. and S.E., until the 17th instant, since when the wind has been light from the southward. The New Forest, barque, was loading at Santo. Passengers per Cyclone, Captain Hassack, from London, Janu ary 28.— Mr. Brown and family. Mr. Rowe and family, Miss Reddall, Dr. Lyons, Mr. Capon, Mr. Lloyd. Per John Taylor, Captain Chavlesson, from London, January 29.— Mr, and Mrs. Sapwell, Messrs. Hinton, Naughton, Robert son, Bosanquet, Collers. The celebrated mammoth steam clipper ship Great Britain, under the command of our old friend Captain Gray, anchored in. Hobson's Bay about noon yesterday. It is unnecessary to again, lay before our readers a detailed description of this wonderful vessel, a short time only having elapsed since a lengthy account of her improvements appeared in this journal. She left Liverpool on the 16th February at 4 p.m., crossed the Equator in 17 days 18 hours. The S.E. Trades were throughout extremely light and much to the southward ; the meridian of the Cape of Good Eope was crossed in lat. 47 -20- South, on the 38th day out, from thence she has experienced light airs from N. E. and calms, and as evidence of the lightness of the winds Captain Cray reoords that the royals were only furled once during the passage. She brings 545 passengers all in goo 1 health, also 24 bags mail. The time occupied by the Great Britain in her passage was sixty one days from anchorage to anchorage.— Argus. Vessels Spoken and Signalled.— By the Oithona, 20th February, Izaak Walton, in latitude 27 degrees 29 minutes S., longitude 28 degrees 31 minutes W., from New York,_ bound to Hobart Town. By the Sabrina, 14th February, Carnatic, in lati tude 1 degree 53 minutes N., longitude 21 degrees W., bound to Adelaide. The Victory.— We have already reported the wreck of the Victory at the Convincing Ground. It may as well be stated, for the benefit of strangers, that the place where the Victory has been wrecked is not the port of Portland Bay. The Convincing Ground is seven miles from Portland, and is a part of the coast so unfit for the anchorage of any vessel that it was in the face of the remon strances of the Harbour Master that the Victory was taken there. There is a reef extending a quarter of a mile out all along that part of the coast, and indeed the proper name for that part of the coast is Minerva's Reef. The Victory got in at the break of the rocks, and was anchored in a hollow of the reef, where she was anchored, we believe, for about twelve days, when the gale came on and the wreck occurred. Circumstances then would have ren dered such attempts impracticable which drove her on to the Minerva Reef. The owner of the Victory was induced, we believe, by the prospect of a good freight to allow the vessel to take in timber at that part of the coast, in order to save the charter-party the expense of bringing the timber round seven miles to the usual shipping place. But as we have said, it was in opposition to the remonstrances of the Harbour Master that the risk was under taken, and the wreck of the Victory must therefore by no means be charged against the safety of the port of Portland Bay ; for at the very time the Victory was wrecked on Minerva's Reef, another schooner, the Maid of the Valley, had put in and found shelter at the proper anchorage from the violence of the gale outside,— Portland Guardiap. The Breadalbane went down to the Bay on the 8th instant for the purpose of towing the brigantine Jane into deep water, taking with her a number of empty casks and other materials with the view of still further assisting her in floating. On Sunday last, however, Captain Murphy returned to Brisbane with the intelli gence that the vessel had gone to pieces. It appears that the strain upon her timbers, caused by the continuous rolling, and the rocking of her masts, had been too great, so that she* ulti mately broke up. This disaster will cause a heavy Iobs to her late purchasers, the Messrs. Harris, as, independent of the price paid for her, a considerable sum had been expended in getting her afloat.— .Free Press, 15th instant. The mails despatched last night by the Columbian consisted of 140 boxes, containing 37,000 tetters, of which 2900 were registered, and 51,000 newspapers. There were also 37 mails from other colonies, transhipped by the Melbourne Office, making a total of 177 packages so despatched; with several minor mails enclosed, not included in the above numbers. We understand that the foreign letters stopped from the deficiency of stamps affixed to them, numbered about four hundred. These were either posted too late to admit of their being returned to their writers, or the address of the writers could not be ascertained on opening them. —Argus. , Visit op Inspection to thp Lighthouses. - On Monday, the 30th March, at 8 a.m., the Wardens embarked on board the Govern ment schooner Yatala, and sailed for the Troubridge Shoal. They arrived at the lighthouse at 6 p.m., when they anchored. At 8 a.m. on the following morning, they landed and inspected the building, machinery, &c;, and found everything in such good order as to give them great satisfaction. After the stores and coals for the keeper's use had been landed, they returned on board at 5 p.m., and_ at 4 a.m. on the 1st Apnl made for the Sturt lighthouse. At 30 minutes p.m. on the 2nd t - y reached Antechamber Bay. The Board at once landed and pro ceeded to inspect the lighthouse, machinery, &c;, which they also found in excellent order, Mr. Cawthome, the head keeper, com plained to the Buard that the oil he had last received dia not burn so well as what he had formerly, and informed them that the lamps required repairing. The Board resolved that six new lamps should be ordered and forwarded to the lighthouse, so that those nowin use might be repaired. The Board then proceeded to inspect the light-keepers' cottages, and found that the roofs of twooftliemvrereinavery leaky condition ; they, therefore, au thorised Mr. Cawthorne to accept a proposal that had been made to repair the 6auie for a sum not exceeding £50, the work to be done under his superintendence and to his satisfaction. Toe Board, on examining the lighthouse building, found it also leaky, from the water beating under the lead in the outer gallery ; they there fore, considered it necessary that the lead should be extended to the outer part of the gallery, and requested the bead keeper to ob tain a tender and forward to them for their consideration and ap proval. They then re- embarked onboard the Government schooner at 6 p.m., and at 4 a.m. on the 3rd, got underweigh, and sailed for Port Elliott. The buoys, beacons, lifeboat, &c;, for the sea mouth of the Murray being landed and placed in charge of the Deputy Harbour Master, Mr. Nation, the schooner at 11 p.m. made sail for Port Adelaide, and arrived on the 5th at midnight. —South Austi aliiin Megiste , 8th April. An Unpkojected Voyage. — A singular incident has occurred during the last few day6 to Mr. Barker, of the firm of Barker and Diffe, plumbers and glaziers, of this town. The following are, as we have been informed, the facts :— The brother of Mr. Barker was about to proceed to Australia, and the latter accompanied him to Liverpool to see him off. The vessel by which the voyager was about to proceed lay in the river, and, as usual, passengers were conveyed from the dock to her in a boat. On reaching the ship Mr. Barker accompanied his brother on deck, and whilst there, the boat returned, leaving him on board the Australian-bound vessel, which subsequently proceeded on her voyage.— Wolver- hampton Chi.oficie. The Loss op the Ravensbopkne.— The Telegraph (screw steamer) from London, carried the passengers of the Ravens bourne (steamer), into Antwerp. The bullion and deck cargo saved. The Clara Henrietta, from Cardiff, for Sydney, New South Wales, January 2nd, in latitude 6 N,, longitude 24 W., with damage to rigging, &c;, and loss of some sheets of copper, having encountered heavy gales from the 5th to the 15th of December.— Times. 