Sales by Auction. ~ ~ THISDAY.- "*~ - ' . i j ~ To Furniture Dealers and Others. "FRASER and COHEN are instructed JL _ to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Friday, 4th a? first,, at, eleven o'clock Ex Continent, W in diamond, 12 cases Baltimore top Grecian ornamented chairs 2-26 do do do striped do 12-8 do Washington cane-seat ornamented do 10-4 do do do brown ground do I 10-10 do bannister Grecian ornamented do i 18-8 do wood-seat office do ' 10-8 do children's high calling cane-seat do 25-7 do Washington rocking do I Ex Kitty Simpson, 9-15 cases Fillmore dining imitation rosewood chairs j j 16-5 do bannister Grecian ornamented do , Ex Hollander, 1 -- , , i H in diamond, 6 at side, ! 60 cases Baltimore cane seat chairs , " Ex MarcoUus, ' 100 dozen. wood bottles. Terms at Bale._¡4930 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. I For Positive Sale. > « " CO Trunks Women's, Children's, and Men's Boots. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at their rooms, on Monday, 7th inst., at half-past ten o'clock precisely, trunks women's black cashmere boots, plain and channel soles 8 do children's 2 to 6 strap shoes Bronze do do ' Bronco boots do Colored Balmoral do Odo children's patent soil strap shoes Girls'do do Double sole leather do 10 do women's and men's carpet shoes , 6 do men's high-born channel waist bluchers 10 do men's town made army bluchers 6 do men's fine calf wellingtons. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 4991 MONDAY, 7thD_ÔEMBÊR; ~ Valuable Landed Properties. 80 Acres Fine Agricultural Land at Moorrabbin, nine miles from Melbourne. 26 Acres Fine Agricultural Land at Mulgrave, ten miles from Melbourne. 9 Acres Fine Agricultural Land at Prahran, adjoining the Residence of Hon. J. B. Bennett. FRASER and COHEN have received Instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Monday, 7th December, at twelve o'clock, The following valuable landed properties, viz. Lot 1. i 60 acres of very superior agricultural land situate at Cheltenham, parish of Moorabbin, and adjoining the Cheltenham Hotel, and distance nine miles from Melbourne, with a good road the whole way. The property is most suitable for market-gardens of small farmers, with limited means ; will be offered in one lot, or divided into four lots as per plan. Lot 2. 25 acres of agricultural land, in the parish of Mulgrave, being part of portion 28, about ten miles from Melbourne Lots. A splendid block of land, containing about nine acres, situate on the Prahran hill, adjoining the residences of the Hon. J. B Bennett, and D. Long, lEq , J.P. This property is without any exception the most eligible site in Prahran for a gentleman's private residence, commanding a fine view of Mel bourne and its suburbs, Port Phillip bay, shipping, an 1 the country to the north and west as far as the eye can each. To be sold in one lot, or divided as per plan into four lots. Lots 1 and 2 are deserving the particular notice of agriculturists, being from their situation and richness of' soil peculiarly adapted for market-gardens or small farms. Lot No 3 needs no comment from the auctioneers. The situation of this property is without doubt one of the boat in Prahran on inspection will be found all and a great deal more than can be said in its favor by advertisement. , Terms-One Half Cash, the residue by Acceptances Six Months, with Bank Interest added. 4000 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. Capital Investment. Four Blocks of Land, County of Boroondara, part of the GlenIris Estate. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Monday, 7th December, at twelve o'clock, The following valuable properties situated in the County of Boroondara, being part of the GlenIris Estate, block B, sec. 4. Lots. All that block of land situate in the County of , Boroondara, fronting Kooyong Creek, comprising CO a. 1 r. 20 p., being part of block B, sec. 1, blue , Nos. 6, 7,8 on plan of subdivision. i Lot 2. The same, being lot 12 on the plan of subdivision, , comprising 11 a. 0 r. 36 p. Lots. . . ; the, same, being lot 15 on the plan of subdivision, ' comprising 13 a. 0 r. 32 p. Lot 4. The same, being lot 15 on the plan of subdivision-, vcn.prlsingl5 a. 0 r. 28 p. , .. ; Also, - 50,000 bricks, now lying on the land. The above properties are all fenced in, beautifully , (situated, with an abundance of grass food and world worthy the attention of capitalists, agriculturists, gardeners, or speculatorS. - Terms at Sale. . 4814 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. First-class Im ostmontr" , City Property. - SEnate in Bourke-street, east of the Theatre Royal, and at present in the occupation of Messrs. Burlingame and Co 2 FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to sell by auction, at the West, on Monday, 7th December, at twelve o'clock, All that first class city property situate in Bourke street, east of the Theatre Royal, and at present in iii occupation of Messrs. Burlingame and Co. The situation of the above property is one of the best and most improving in the city the busy! day, of the most substantial character, contMiilg It a capital dry cellar, extending the whole Ion" h "" eighty feet, floored and light" J with gas, and oil ventilated ; the ground floor occupied as an ii 0,1 warehouse, the upper story divided into¡R0ÍB003 1 Mid show rooms. There is also a right-of way along the east boundary and across the end of the allotment, loading 'r ut Bourke-street into Little Bourke street To Capitalists and others Booking a first class of 11 ."? ' ment a better opportunity could not present itself, no situation for any business is not to be surpassed in the city, and a certainty always commanding a son l rental, together with the fast increasing amount at properties in this particular part of the city, 11 t guarantee to its being a certain and profitable as ment. Tltle Guaranteed Series, one-third cash, the residue by acceptances at six, nine, and twelve months, with eight per cent- interest added 4660 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. 1 ' Fine Agricultural Land, County of Mulgrave. Do., District of Gardiner. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Monday, 7th 22nd., at eleven o'clock, a Lots. i v All that piece or parcel of fine agricultural land al- state in the county of Mulgrave, being a portion of subdivision of section 6, and adjoining the township of Oakleigh, comprising 3 acres. ' Lot 2. The some being a portion of said subdivision, sec ! lion 6, and comprising 1 acres. , Lot 8. All that piece or parcel of land situate in that beau \- tiful district of Gardiner, being the Government portion No. 126 on sold plan, and comprising 120 " acres. Title, Grant from the Crown ' The above lands are in all rejects worthy the attention of agriculturists, market gardeners, come- , tallBts, and others seeking profitable investment. Terms at Bale. 1930 "" PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Important Unreserved Sale of 216 Trunks of Superior . Boots and Shoes. Ex Agnes Reed. Manufactured by James Davis and Sons, London. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at the Mart, in a few days, as soon as landed due notice of which will be given. Ex Agnes Reed, , 1 Manufactured by James Davis and SOUB, 1 Positively without any reserve, MG & Co. 216 trunks of men's, women's, and children's i t superior boots and shoes. < 1\. . i i Full particulars in future issue. I Terms Liberal. at 4876 <\- THIS DAY. Eastern Produce i r, At the Railway Platform, Entire Cargo ex Dunsandle, from Calcutta, Cossipore Sugar, Gram, Rice, Oats, c ' To Merchants, Storekeepers, and the Trade THE Undersigned beg to call the attention of the trade to the sale of Eastern Pro ance [ex Dunsandle, from Calcutta, which will take ,;j>lncc this day, Friday, 4th inst., at twelve o'clock; , sharp, at the Railway Platform, and not at the rooms, as previously advertised. W. M. TENNENT and CO. v. 4961 THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. Entire Cargo of the Dunsandle, . From Calcutta ' To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. ' WM. TENNENT and CO. beg to announce that they have received instruct. 11 tions from the importers to dispose of by public auction, at the Hobson's Bay Railway Station, on Friday, I will inst., at twelve o'clock, i \- The entire cargo of the Dunsandle, from Calcutta, consisting of 2,009 bags No. 1 Cossipore sugar, 1 cwt. each 1 8,600 do gram ! i 8,000 do Patna rice i 1.272 sacks Calcutta oats. _ , More or Less Damaged, And to be Sold for the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. as She auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade to the above sale. J No Reserve. Terms at Sale- 14961 THIS DAY. s Adelaide Flour. To Bakers, Storekeepers, and Others., WM. TENNENT and CO. are instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 4th Inst, at half-past twelve o'clock. 46 bags firsts Adelaide flour, Hart's brand. , Very Slightly Damaged, . _ Senas pi gales fell Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Maize. To Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. M. TENNENT and CO are ^ , * instructed to sell by public auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 4th Inst. at half-past twelve O'clock, ' COO bushels whola amaze. A Splendid Sample and in Prime Order and Condition. Terms at Sale. 4918 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. Furniture. To Private Families, Furniture Dealers, and Others. W M. TENNENT and CO. are in ST . structed by the proprietor, who is returning to Europe, to sell by auction, at the residence, in Robe-street, St. Kilda (three doors south of the Star and Garter) on Monday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, The whole of the household furniture, consisting Dining table, with cover - Hair cloth sold Hair seated chairs 2 ladies' work tables Brussels carpet and hearth rugs 4 iron bedsteads, with mattresses, palliasses, per. lows, and bedding 4 washhand stands and services, complete Looking glasses, toilet tables, chairs, etc Dinner, breakfast, and tea set Spirit stand, cruet stand, knives and forks, "c. An American cooking stove, nearly new Bed and table linen Hall oilcloth, carpets, door mats Saucepans, water casks And A great variety of sundries, too numerous to mention. On View the Morning of Sale. Terms Cash. 4901 TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. 287 Bags Irish Oats, Ex Brewster. W M. TENNENT and CO. are " Y instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 8th inst., at twelve o'clock, Ex Brewster, 287 bags Irish oats. All More or Less Damaged by Sea Water, and Sold for the Benefit of the Underwriters. Terms at Sale. 4901 "~ TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER. Californian Barley, Ex Robert Passenger. To Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, Maltsters, Dealers, and Others W M. TENNENT and CO. have TY received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 8th inst, at twelve o'clock, Ex Robert Passenger, 1,328 sacks Californian barley, In Prime Order and Condition. Terms at Sale. 4901 SATURDAY, 12th DECEMBER. Invoice of Books. To Private Families, Librarians, Booksollcrs, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Saturday, 12th inst., at eleven o'clock, An invoice of standard works, comprising M'Gulloch's Statistical Account of the British Empire. 2 vols. The Geological Observer, by Sir H. de la Roche, with numerous woodcuts. Gibbon's Decline and Fail of the Roman Empire, with one-ravings and maps. 2 vols, i Chambers' Pictorial History of the Russian War. Works of eminent masters in painting, sculpture, and architecture, with engravings. Cassell's Natural History of the Feathered Tribe. Cuvier's Animal Kingdom. Lord Byron's Poetical Works Sir Walter Scott's do do Longfellow's do do " Burns's do do The Play and Poems of Shakspeare, Illustrated Bulwer's Works Marryatt's do Fielding's Novels and other Works Smollett's do do Thiers' History of the French Revolution Do of the Consulate and Empire The Book of British Ballads Historical Pictures of the Middle Ages Rollin's Ancient History Plutarch's Lives, translated by Langhorne Josophus's do, by Whiston Holy Bible, 24 mo., morocco, elegant, with clasp Church Services, in great variety Bibles and Prayer books, do do. Also, Agrcatvarloty of most excellent, useful, indentor taining works, too numerous to particularise. Catalogues may be had prior to the sale, and the books will be on view on the 11th inst. Terms at Sale. 4901 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. To Farmers, Market-gardeners, and Others. _ Desirable Section of Land at Gardiner. W M. TENNENT and CO. have re Y T ceived instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, 7th December, at twelve o'clock, Ten acres of land, beautifully situated near the Government reserve and the Gardiner's Creek, being allotment 163, parish of Prahran, at Gardiner. For further particulars and directions tor of the properties, and for plans of same, apply to the Auctioneers. The attention of parties requiring suburban allotments is specially called to this sale. Now that the Suburban and Brighton Railway Bill is passed, the value of land in this locality is greatly enhanced. Title One remove from the Crown. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 1788 THIS DAY. To Earthenware Dealers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. 50 Crates and Hhds. Well assorted Earthenware, Ex Browstor. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 4th inst., at twelve o'clock, * 10 hhds. breakfast cups and saucers, blue printed 4 crates plates assorted, 10, 8, 7, and 9 inches, dove lucerne 8 do dishes, cover Charles, soup tureens, to. ' 2 do breakfast cups and saucers, assorted pat ' terns I do jugs in sets, assorted 8 do blue printed chambers ' 3 do chambers, plain 3 do ewers and basins, pressed and plain 6 do chambers, 0. 0. 8 do so ors and basins, blue printed 1 hlld. metal-covered jugs, assorted patterns 10 crates plates, 10, 9, 6, and 7 inch, willow pat \- tem 6 do meat dishes, 16,11, l8,12,11,10,9, do 3 do baking dishes, 12,11,10, 9 inch do 3 hhds, breakfast sets, china, gold edge and line Also, 3 cases squat champagne glasses. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. 1872 THIS DAY. To Country Storekeepers, Carriers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 4th inst, at twelve o'clock, f A four-wheeled Crimean waggon. Torm8-Cash._1907 POSTPONED UNTIL TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER ToCoachbullders, Timber Merchants, Speculators, and Others. Important Sale of Valuable Leasehold City Property, together with Stoaui-EiiKlno and other Machinery. SYMONS and PERRY have received Instructions from the Proprietors to sell by auction, on the premises, Bouverie-street, North Melbourne, near Victoria-parade and Elizabeth Street, on Tuesday, 8th December, at eleven o'clock sharp, The unexpired loose, having about 16 years to run. of two whole allotments of land, Nos. 10 and 17 of block 15, having a frontage of 132 feet to Bouverie- street by a depth of 106 feet, on which are erected the ; Union Saw Mills and Union Stables. The above valuable property will be divided into two lots. Lot No. 1. Having a frontage of 60 feet by a depth of 165 feet, on which is erected a substantial two-storied stone and wood building, dimensions 73 x j 23 foot, containing a powerful steam saw-mill, with all machinery requisite for working in wood on the most extensive scale. Also, Along with the above will be sold 1 circular saw-bench, and 11 saws 1 power morticing machine j 1 wheel plate 1 jig saw 1 tenoning and boring machine, with saws for cross-cutting. I 1 large plane, for squaring all sizes to 20 inches There is also a large wooden building on the, above piece of land, size about 10 feet x 30, which is now let to a blacksmith, at a rental of 36s. per week., i Lot 2. ' ' Having a frontage of 66 feet by a depth of 105 feet, on which is erected stabling for fifty horses, also a cottage and store, the whole of which is now let at the rental of £6 per week-end is held under lease by the present tenant, having about seventeen months to run, , Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. The above lease is subject to an adjustment of rent at the end of every five years, and the tenant, at the expiration, is entitled to remove all improvements from the land. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade and capitalists to the above sale, the lease being of a most valuable description. | 1830 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. . ' | To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Others. Bottled Ale, Porter, Wines, Spirits, so. - SYMONS and PERRY will sell by J auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 7th inst., at twelve o'clock, , - 600 casks Morice, Cox and Co's about 200 do Byass's ale and porter i ', 160 do Whitbread's stout, each 4 doz. { 60 do Allsopp's ale, bottled by Friend l 40 do Truman's stout 100 cases champagne I 6 hhds. Scotch whiskey ; 5 qr-casks do I 30 (do old tom ' 400 cases Swaine Boord, and Sir R. Burnett's do 10 hhds. rum 60 cases Stoughton's bitters C hhds. Graham's port wine 8 hhds. and 3 qr-casks BurdOn and Gordon's sherry' Terms at Sale. 491 Sales by Auction.. WEDNESDAY, 9th DECEMBER." To Captains, Ship-owners, and Others, Unreserved Sale of the First-class Brig HIGHLAND LASSIE. " " SYMONS and PERRY. will sell by kJ auction, at the Commercial Sales' Room, on Wednesday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock, The first-class brig HIGHLAND LASSIE, 179 803-8500 tons register, British built, carries a very large cargo on a light draught of water, and is well found in every respect ; has two suits of sails, ont. i nil almost now. She can be sent to sea without any expense whatever, she having previous to this present voyage been thoroughly overhauled and now coppered, and is without exception one of the best craft employed in the colonial trade .? Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. Her inventory, which is a very complete one, can be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. 1005 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. To Persons Seeking Investment, Market Gardeners, Newly-arrived Immigrants, and Others. Valuable Allotment of Land, 6 Acres, 3 Roods, 14 Perches, Situated in the Parish of Prahran, Close to the Mount Erica Hotel. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, Tuesday, 22nd December, at twelve o'olock, By Order of the Mortgagee. All that piece or parcel of land, situated, lying, and being in the parish of Prahran, in the county of Bourke, colony of Victoria, being part of portion No. 44, of the said parish of Prahran, and containing by admeasurement 3 acres, 3 roods, 14 perches, be the same a little more or less, commencing at a point on the southern boundary line of said portion No. 44, five chains west from the south-east corner or angle of said portion No. 44, and running from thence four chains west, then by a line at right angles in the last line running north nine chains and sixty links, then by a line at right-angles to the last line running east four chains, and then by a line at right-angles to) the last line running south nine chains and sixty links to the commencing point. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. The above valuable block of land offers an, opportunity to portions Booking such a piece which seldom or very rarely occurs, and the auctioneers would advise intending purchasers to inspect the land and judge for themselves of Its value, Situated as it is within a few minutes' walk of the St. Kilda Railway Terminus. Title Unexceptionable. ! 4830 MONDAY. 11th DECEMBER. To Newly-arrived Immigrants, Speculators, and Others. v Unreserved Sale of Household Property and Building Allotments, situated at Richmond: SYMONS and PERRY will sell by kJ auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 11th inst., Without Any Reserve, ' All that piece or parcel of land situated at Richmond, and bounded on the north by Swan-street, bearing east 202 foot 6 inches, on the east by a road 20 feet wide, bearing south 156 feet 6 inches, on the south by other port of the said portion bearing west 202 foot 6 inches, and on the west by the sectional line, bearing north 513 foot 6 inches to the commencing point. Together with The building erected thereon, consisting of two comfortable and well-built brick houses, of four rooms each, having a frontage to Swan-street, Richmond. Also Four two-roomed wood buildings, and stabling for about ten horses. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. The above land is now being',' surveyed and subdivided, and a plan of the property will be an view at the rooms of the auctioneers in a few days. In the in meantime, the auctioneers would wish intending purchasers to inspect the property, as it is one of the best properties now left unsold in Swan-street, laying as it does high and dry, and the street? all kinds and metalled. Pomona seeking an allotment to build upon should not lose sight of the above opportunity, as the property is to be Positively Sold to the Highest Bidder Title Unexceptionable. , 4817 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. To Wine Merchants, Publicans, and Others. 00 Hhds. Primo Alo. ' Without Reserve. i SYMONS and PERRY will I sell by O auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 7th inst., at twelve o'olock, To Close Accounts, 00 hhds. prime ale. Terms at Sale. 1933 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, and Others, Cumberland Bacon. i Preserved Meats. Anchovy and Bloater Paste, c. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by kJ auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 7th Inst., at twelve o'clock, ' 300 boxes Gibb's London soap . 30 casks currants 30 do preserved meats and soups 10 do anchovy and bloater paste j , 10 cases arrowroot 60 do sardines 200 do salad oil, French j , 76 do do do, Morton's 200 boxes Belmont candles 160 do Hale's do 200 do Apollo do ? 10 cases fine salt, in bags, to. - - Terms at Sale. 9- ' ' 4033 MONDAY, 14th DECEMBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Speculators, and Others. Unreserved Sale of Valuable Property situated at Maryborough, and known as the < ? Golden Age Hotel. A , In the Insolvent Estate of F. J. Fitzpatrick, i By Order of the Official Assignee, E. Courtney, Esq. SYMONS and PERRY have" received instructions from the Official Assignee, E. Courtney, Esq., to sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 14th inst., at twelve o deck, if not previously disposed of by private contract, All that piece or parcel of land, containing by ad netiMircmoutl rood, be the same more or leSH.ßltiuto in the county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allotment 5 of section 10. ' Also, i All that piece or parcel of land, containing by ad- measurement 31 perches, situate in the county of Talbot, parish of Marlborough, being allotment 6 of section 15, Also, All that piece or parcel of land, containing by nil measurement 1 rood 2 perches situated little county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allotment 8 of section 16. ! Also, All that piece or parcel of land, containing by ad- measurement 1 rood 8 perches, situate in the county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allotment 10 of section 15, Together with All the buildings erected thereon, consisting of a large wooden building of about 14 rooms, and know rn ne the Golden Age Hotel, situated on the main line of road to the diggings There is also stabling erected for about 20 or 30 bones also kitchen, and other outbuildings, and a very spacious Bar and Theatre, and the hotel is now doing a first-rate business. The above hotel and land will be put up to auction with the whole of the stock-in-trade, furniture, &c;, to be taken at a valuation, if wished, by the purchaser. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale, j The Auctioneers would wish to call the Attention of capitalists, publicans", and others to the above desirable opportunity for possessing a very lucrative concern, either as an Investment or for the man of business to soon realise a competency. . Title Clearly 4847 THIS DAY. 1 To Grocers, GIngerbeer Manufacturorp,'Ship Chandlers, and Others. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen- street, on Friday, 4th inst, at eleven o'clock, i - 25 years tartaric acid, ca 28 lbs. 10 kegs carbonate soda ' 07 bags brown ginger 80 cases 2-lb lobsters, ea 1 doz. 60 firkins D R Cork butter 10 casks mess beef, and miscellaneous stores. Without Reserve. 4000 THIS DAY. Ale and Porter. - ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms', Queen Street, on Friday, 4th inst, at eleven o'clock, 0 hogsheads Yorkshire are, in fine condition 16 do stout, Without Reserves' 4985 THIS DAY. Sardines, Lobsters, and Salmon. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen- street, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, : 50 cases of. sardines, ca 200 ' 60 do I do do, do 100 _. ( 70 do 1-lb lobsters, do 4 doz. 60 do do salmon. Terms at Sale. | 4905 THIS DAY. '<? To Tent Makers, and Others. , Forfeits, Osnaburghs, &e.; ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen- street, on Friday, 4th Inst, at eleven o'clock, ; 88 pieces, each 60 yards, osnaburghs 1,600 yards forfars , 5 dozen black-and bags, &c.;, Terms-Cash 4065 "~ THIS DAY. ! i 27 cases North Wilts Cheese. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen- street, on Friday, 4th Inst., at eleven o'clock, / "., i , 27 cases containing each 16 North Wilts cheese, In first-rate condition. Terms at Sale 985 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. ! \- 60 Cases Boots and Shoes. the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, and the Country Districts. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO NIL (successors to Stubbs and Son! have received instructions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Monday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, CO cases of gentlemen's boots, consisting of Calf wellington boots Goat do do Patent short wellingtons j Do calf goloshed spring sides Do hide do do do. I I Terms at Sale 4003 -states -Salon by Auction, as a h MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER, ' 2 Cases Assorted Whips. .-. To Saddlers, Harness makers, and Others. - ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. LTD (successors to Stubbs and Son will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Monday, 7th Inst., at eleven o'clock, 2 cases whips assorted, comprising 3 dozen jockey whips, electro-plated ' , 3 do hunting do do do 3 do brass hammer hunting 3 do electro-plated do , 8 do lancewood do 6 6 do gig whips, plain handles 2 do do bone h illy 8 do do bone gut 3 do do electro-plated 6 do carrlage do, bone holly 3 do do, German silver at 1 8 do do, electro-plated \- 8 do tandem do, do de- 2 do stockwhips 50 do get cart whips, 4, 6 6, 7, and 8 feet 18 do thread do do 6dobo}s'dodo % 6 do hand do do 6 drovers' do do Terms at Sale. 4965 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Most Valuable City Property, corner of Bourke-street and Spring Street, opposite the New Houses of Parliament, To be Sold by Order of Edward Courtney, Esq , Official Assignee ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son have been favored with instructions from Edward Courtney, Esq., Official Assignee, to submit to public competition, at their rooms, in Queen-street, on. a day to be named in a future advertisement, unless Sold by private contract, All that very valuable city property at the corner of Bourke-street and Spring-street, containing 60 foot frontage to Bourke-street and 133 feet to Spring street, on which are erected the White Hart Inn and several cottages. The order of the Government to concentrate all the public offices on the Parliamentary Reserve will certainly give a great increase to the value of property in this neighborhood, and will render the sites in Spring street the most desirable building allotments in the city of Melbourne. The attention of capitalists, builders, and speculators is therefore especially directed to this opportunity of purchasing an opportunity which can scarcely occur again, as there are very low properties with such advantages uncouple J, and for sale. For further particulars apply to the auctioneers, 1 ! Queen-street. 4905 AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. THE SUBSCRIBERS beg to notify that they have COMMENCED BUSINESS at 81 Queen-street as LAND and ESTATE AUCTIONEERS, and invite public attention to their advertisements in the newspapers of this day, ALFRED EDWARD WHEATLEY. ALFRED BLISS Melbourne, 28th November, 1857. 07 WHEATLEY and BLISS, Auction Rooms, Land and Estate Agents, 81 Queen street. Out-door sales effected of cargoes, merchandise, and furniture. Mortgages negotiated, and valuations made, sell properties on houses sold or let by private contract, ho management and care of estates undertaken for absent or present proprietors. Melbourne, 28th November, 1857. ( 03 _ ~" THIS DAY. Mulgrave. Sale of a 30-acre Farm, in the Parish of Mulgrave, adjoining the Mulgrave Arms. To Small Capitalists, Market Gardeners, and Others. Without Reserve. WHEATLEY and BLISS have received instructions to sell by public auction, at 31 Queen-street, on Friday, 4th December, at twelve o'clock, Without Reserve, All that piece or parcel of land situate in the parish of Mordialloc, being lot S A on the plan of subdivision, and forming part of section 2, containing by ad- measurement Thirty-Five Acres. This land is close to the Mulgrave Arms, and has a frontage to a Government road, and would answer the purpose of a small capitalist, to convert into a farm or market garden. This property is partially fenced in, and is for absolute sale ; the title is perfect, and the Terms-Cash. 00 THIS DAY. Now. a Near the Five-Mile Stone from Melbourne. Sale of Eight Acres of Freehold Cultivated Land, with a neat Four-Roomed Brick House. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Those in Search of a Delightful Rural Residence. : WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with instructions from Mr James Croxford (removing to the interior) to sell by public auction, at 31 Queen- street, on Friday, 4th December, at twelve o'clock, i All that piece or parcel of land, being lots numbered respectively 10 and 17 on the plan and subdivision of portion No. 83 in the parish of Boroondara, in the county of Bourke, consisting of - ' Eight Acres, on which is erected a newly and most substantially built Four-roomed Brick Cottage, Stable, and Out-buildings. This property is one of the most desirable for suburban residence now in the market. It is close to the five-mile stone on the Kew and Heidelberg roads, and adjoins Mr. Ritchie's fence, and is adjacent to the cottage of Captain Sinclair and Edwd, Whitby, Esq. The land is on a gentle slope, and is divided into three paddock, cleared and fenced, with a six acres under crop, now in overseas cutting ; there li also half an acre of garden, well stocked with fruit-trees. The cottage is newly built of brick, with a verandah and slate roof, spouted, and exceedingly well finished inside There is also a brick tank, fifteen feet in depth by sox on feet in the clear. Into which flows the pure water from the slate roofed cottage, that ere it is an inexhaustible supply indeed, is full all the year round. The Auctioneers, on Inspection of this property, were so much pleased with the entire lot that they can with confidence invite the most fastidious to ride out and view the same without fear of creating disappointment to intending purchasers Title Perfect and Guaranteed, Terms-Half cash ; balance by bills at three and six months ; the last bill to bear 10 percent Interest. N.B. Mr. O'Shanassy, at the Kew Hotel, will direct to the spot, which is on the road on the right, a short distance from the five-mile stone on the Kew road. 05 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. South Yarra. ale of that Elegant Brick Family Residence known as South Yarra Lodge, now in the occupation of the owner, Dr. Barry. To the Merchants, Legislators, and the Elite of Victoria. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with Instructions from Dr. Barry to submit to public competition, on the premises, at Unto at the corner of Caroline-street and the Gardiner's Creek-road, on Monday, 7th December, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage to the Gardiner's Creek- road of 110 foot (more or IOBS) by a depth of 160 feet to Caroline-street, on which is erected an elegant and well-built Brick Residence, now in the occupation of Dr. Barry'. The Land is a corner allotment, situate in that fashionable and select suburb South Yarra, within a walk of Toorak, the sea, St Kilda, and Melbourne, being only two miles from Prince's Bridge. The Dwelling-house is detached and exceedingly well built of brick in a gothic style, with slate roof, has a solid bluestone foundation, and is exquisitely finished inside. [ It contains ton lofty well-proportioned rooms, together with detached kitchen, coach-house, stable, poultry yard, underground collar, bone The Garden , is one of the boat arranged in the colony, and contains some of the choicest flowers and plants that the taste and judgment of the present owner could select. The property has on one BUIO the residence of Captain Kay, and that of the Rev. Mr. Guinness on the other, and is in the immediate neighborhood of most of the residences of the principal gentry. ' The auctioneers feel it utterly impossible to re- present to the public in an advertisement the admirably compact and commodious nature of this valuable property OF a residence for a fashionable family and would therefore earnestly impress upon any desirous of learning the truth of their assertions at once to apply for a card to view the interior and judge for themselves. The Jlio property is for absolute sale, as the owner is removing to a smaller residence, Tltle Guaranteed. i , Terms very Liberal, to be Declared at Sale. Cards to view can be obtained of the auctioneers, 1 Queen-street. 06 SATURDAY, 10th DECEMBER. St. Kilda, , Near the Junction, and Adjoining the Property of Matthew Hervey, Esq.. M.L 0. Unreserved Solo of Sixteen Building Allotments. i To Merchants, CaplMlBts, and Others'. WHEATLEY and BLISS have re TT eclved instructions from Mr. Jeremiah Bowles to submit to public competition, on the ground, situate in Clare-street (near the Junction, and adjoining the property of Matthew Hervey, Esq., M.L.C, on Saturday, 10th inst., at half-past one o'clock. All those sixteen pieces or parcels of land, situate in Clare-street, St. Kilda, having respectively a frontage of 60 feet, by depths varying from 18s to HO foot. Those allotments are, without exception, some of the best for villa residences now in the market, possessing excellent locality, fine view, and great depth. They are only separated by a private road from Mr. Hervey's mansion and for building sites, now that the railway is open to St. Kilda, ought to be eagerly CtTbo above are for absolute and unreserved solo, and the auctioneers invite small capitalists, builders, and others to inspect the sites, Judge for themselves, and attend on the day of solo. The Title is Perfect. Tems at Sale. , ] Sale on the Ground at Half-past One o'clock on Saturday, 10th_pecembar._04 -" THIS DAY. 20 Tons Carolina Rice. More or Less Damaged. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TAT EASEY and CO. will sell by' F T auction, at their mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst, at eleven o'clock, 20 tons Carolina dressed rice More or Less Damaged, And to be Sold for the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. J No Reserve. IOCS ' Sales by Auction. . I AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. Postponement of Solo at Abbotsford, until Saturday, the 12th instant. T ? WEASEY and CO. beg to inform the public the solo by order of the Trustees of John Orr is postponed until Saturday, the 12th irst 4008 THIS DAY. 50 Cases Batty's Red Herrings. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their mart, 32 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th Inst., eleven o'clock, 50 COBOS Batty's red herrings. A Guaranteed Parcel. Terms at Sale. j 1015 THIS DAY. ! ' 60 Bags Native Ceylon Coffee, More or Less Damaged. , To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY. and CO. will sell by auction, at their mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 60 bags native coffee, | Slightly Damaged and to be Sold Without Reserve. Terms-Cash. 4955 THIS DAY i 7 Bales Kent Hops, 1856. To Bren ors, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will' sell by auction, at their more, 33 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 7 bales Kent hops 1856. . No Reserves 1008 THIS DAY. 12 Coils Wool Lashing. To Storekeepers and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by a auction, at their more, 33 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst, at eleven o'clock, 12 coils woollashing. No Reserve. 1068 THIS DAY. 800 Boxes Soap. i 100 boxes Stoughton's Blttora. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by TI auction, at their mart, 32 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 500 boxes soap 100 boxes Stoughton's bitters. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. ' 1008 THIS DAY. 0 Tons Adelaide Flour. ., , W EASEY and CO. will sell by ii of auction, at their mart, 33 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst, at eleven o'clock, 0 tons Rngloss Brothers' first Adelaide flour All More or Less Damaged. On Account of Whom It May Concern. Terms Cash. 012 ~ THIS DAY. 12 Tons Sheepwash tobacco. | To Farmers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by 1 ' auction, at their mart, in Collins street we Et, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clook, 12 tons sheepwash tobacco. j Terms at Sale. I 1003 THIS DAY. Figs, Currants, Cheese, White Herrings, noms, &c.; To Grocers, Storekeepers. and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'olock, 85 cases Uno figs 30 casks white herrings 2 caroteels currants, damaged 10 cases cheese. No Reserve. Terms at Sale 4008 ""?- THIS DAY. 116 Gross Gingerbeer Bottles. To Gingerbeer Manufacturers and Others." W EASEY and CO. will sell by Y To auction, at their mart, 32 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th Inst, at eleven o'clock, ' 116 gross gingerbeer bottles. Terms at Sale. 4055 THIS DAY. 300 Cases Oilmen's Stores. 20 Cases Cumberland Hams. < 24 do do Bacon x 30 Hhds. Vinegar, &c.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by e auction, at their rooms, 31 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst, at eleven o'clock, Ex King Phillip and Borgitto Melchior, 50 crates sodawater bottles, each 2 gross 100 cases finest London assorted sauces 80 hhds. vinegar , 20 cases Cumberland hams ' 24 do do bacon 262 dozen finest assorted bottled fruits 120 do, do. do jams SOO do, pint pickles 120 do, half-pint sublime salad oil 20 qr-casks white vinegar Season French olives, etc. The auctioneers beg to call attention to the above Uno invoice The goods are now in course of of landing in good condition. Terms Liberal. 4800 THIS DAY. 120 Bales Kent Hops, 1856. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their mart, 32 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst, at eleven o'clock, 120 bales Kent hops, 1850. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of the trade to the above sale of first class hops, Which will be sold * Without reserve. Terms at Sole 4015 THIS DAY. 150 Barrel a Richmond Flour. 20 Tons Adelaide Do. To Bakers, Storekeepers. and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will, sell by auction, at their more, 81 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 100 barrels Richmond flour 20 tons colonial do , 1,000 bushels bran. i ,"." _ TermaatSale. , ' 4015 THIS DAY. Portion of Cargo ex Mona. 1,289 Bags Mauritius Sugars, i To Grocers", Storekeepers, Merchants, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Friday, 4th Inst, at ole von o'clock, Ex Mona, A, 281 bags Deep River B, 189 bags Savannah 100 bags Moorno 28 bags Bonalr 800 bags Bowmore 180 bags West Volo 201 bags Savannah 1,280 bags. The auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of the trade to the above sale of sugars, which on inspection will be found a very choice assortment, i , Terms Liberal. _i_4055 THIS DAY. To Close Accounts. 3,401 Bogs of Ration and Grocers' Mauritius Sugars. , To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers and i Others. WEASEY and CO. have received . Instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Friday, 4th inst, at eleven o'clock sharp, The balance of the cargo of sugars ex Kepler, from the Mauritius, comprising BB- 85 bags Mauritius sugars E- 35 do do do F- 27 do do do J- 18 do do do K- 326 do do do 2425 do do do N-667 do do do 0- 60 do do do P-778 do do do Q-102 do do do I 1882 do do do 6- 66 do do do J T- 437 do do do I U-106 do do do We 63 do do do , WW-318 do do do ' ' Z-189 do do do. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of the Undo to this sale. The whole of the sugars are landed and ready for immediate delivery, and have been carefully sorted and Bomplod. Parties are solicited to inspect at the rooms, samples from bulk. 4015 THIS DAY. Taplcoa, Salad Oil, Fish, &c.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by air tion at their mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 10 casks tapioca 4 60 half-chests sounds * 112 cases starch 2 do. tongues 10 barrels oatmeal 20 do split peas. Terms at Sale. 4016 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. On the Australian Wharf. Entire Cargo Ex DE. Porrsson, from Sweden. 11,098 Red Deals. 6,477 Do Boards. To Timber Merchants, Builders,-Contractors, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, on the Australian Wharf, on Monday. 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, i '9 Ex DE. Perrsson, 1.460 red deals, 12 x 8,8 to 20 feet lengths 8.127 do do, 9 x 8,10 to 20 do do 197 do do, 6 x 8,17 to 20 do do 1,641 do do, 7 x 8,14 to 20 do do , \- '83 do do, 7 X 2J, 14 to 20 do do j 1,949 do boards, 9 14 to 20 do do 28 do do, 8 11-14 to 20 do do 6.190 do do, 7 x 1,14 to 20 do do. Jno auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of the man to the above cargo, which will be found of first xatoqvolity, and wffljjjgwithout reserve. ^ Sales by XnoUon, WEDNESDAY, 6th JANUARY. By Order of the Executors of the Late Dr. Farquhar \- a.. M'Crae. To Speculators, Capitalists, Settlers, Farmers, and Others. I Important and Unreserved Sale of Freehold Property. The Celebrated Moreland Estate, 640 Acres on the Moonee Ponds, about Two Miles from Melbourne, and having a frontage to the Main Sydney-road and the Moonee Ponds. Also, Several valuable Properties at Richmond, having Frontages to the Hawthorne and Punt Roads. WEASEY and CO. have received instructions from the executors of the late Dr. F. M'Crae to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Wednesday, 6th January, at twelve o'clock, The following properties All that valuable property known as The Moreland Estate, containing 640 acres of rich alluvial soil. This land is situate on the Moonee Ponds, and has a frontage to the Sydney-road. The distance is but about two miles from Melbourne, and the situation is beautiful, and admirably adapted for cultivation or suburban residences. The soil is very rich, and the crops off the estate have for many years been the finest in Victoria. For the convenience of all classes this splendid pro- perty will be subdivided into ten and twenty acre arms. ' Also, Several eligible properties situate at Richmond, having frontages to the Hawthorne and Punt roads. Full particulars will appear in future advertisement Terms will be exceedingly liberal. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of all parties to this important and unreserved sale, the property being one of the finest in the country, and adapted for farms, residences, market gardens, homesteads, etc, The land is beautifully situate, and possesses oxton elves and fine views or the country around. The sale is to be unreserved, and perhaps for many cora such another opportunity of possessing farms to near Melbourne may not occur, therefore the auctioneers urge parties to attend this sale. | In the course of a few days plans and lithographs, c, of the subdivisions will be ready, and can be obtained at the auctioneers' rooms. A Full particulars in future advertisement. 4001 SATURDAY, 12th DECEMBER. By Order of the Trustees of John Orr Esq. Important and Unreserved Sale of Valuable! Property, Situate on the Yarra Yarra, at Abbotsford, comprising that capital Mansion and Grounds known as Abbotsford House ; . Several Valuable Allotments, fronting the Yarra, at St. Heliers and the remainder of the unsold Building Allotments in the Abbotsford Township. To Capitalists, Private Families, Speculators, and Others, desirous of obtaining First-class Building Sites and Investments. W. EASEY and CO. have received instructions from the trustees of John Orr, Esq., to sell by auction, on the grounds, on Saturday, 12th December, at twelve o'clock, That capital mansion and grounds known as Ab- botsford House. This splendid property has an extensive frontage to the River Yarra, and is bounded on the west by the Government road leading to Hodgson's Punt, and commands a beautiful and picturesque view of the Yarra. The grounds are laid out with the greatest taste, and stocked, without exception, .? with the finest vines, fruit-trees, shrubs, so , in the colony, whilst the willows next the river, the walks and seats around, would not discredit the finest grounds in England. The soil is of the richest description, and capable of producing every kind of fruits, vegetables, c. The Mansion is approached from the Government road leading to Hodgson's Punt by a ncatllodgo and bold carriage-drive. The house has a spacious verandah in front, and contains dining and drawing rooms, six bedrooms, cellar, kitchen, servants apartments, stables, etc, complete. " At the Rear , Are those extensive range of two-story brick-built buildings, erected at an enormous expense, and which are capable of being converted into public or private buildings. The above property will be subdivided into lots, as per plan. . j Lot 1 will comprise the Mansion, with the building in the rear. The remainder will be subdivided as per plan, of which due publicity will be given. ! In offering the above property subdivided, parties intending to purchase are solicited to go out and view the ground, as never more beautiful or valuables sites can be offered for sale. The ornamental j and fruit trees are magnificent, and no garden has deservedly enjoyed greater celebrity than Abbotsford After the Above, ! Will be offered the unsold portions of that beautiful spot on St. Heliers, on the banks of the River Yarra, adjoining the new elegant Abbotsford Bridge at the foot of Johnston-street. ¡ Lot 34. On this allotment Isorcctcdan excellent four-roomed cottage, with kitchen. The garden is stocked with splendid fruit-trees in full bearing. Particulars of the other lots will appear in future advertisement. I To Follow the Above, Will be offered the following allotments in the township of Abbotsford. , Lots 170 to 181, as per plan, each having a frontage to Valiant-street of 88 feet by a depth of 99 foot. Lots 184, 185, 186, as per plan, each having the care frontage as the last lots by a like depth. Lot ISO is a corner allotment. Lots 156 to 106, as per plan, each having a frontage to Valiant-street of 33 feet, by a depth of 99 feet. Lots 187 to 117 and 140 to 160, as per plan, each having a frontage of 83 foot to Abbotsford-street (63 feet wide), by a depth of 99 feet. " | Lots 120 to 134, as per plan, each having a frontage to Abbotsford street, by a depth of 24 feet 0. Lots 100 to 117, as per plan, each having a frontage to Norman-street of 88 foot, by a depth of 64 foot 9. Lots 84 to 87, as per plan, each having a frontage to Varian-street of 33 foot, by a depth of 54 feet 9.' Lots 91, 02,03, 00, as per plan, each having a like frontage to the same street, by a like depth as last lotB. I Lota 70 and 68, OF per plan, having a frontage of 33 feet to the Marine- parade, by a depth of 61 foot 9. Lots 4, 50 7, 8, 19,11, 25 to 29, and 37 to 40, as per plan, each having a frontage to Hunter-street of 81 feet 7, by a depth of 99 foot. Lots 46 to 64, as per plan, each having the same frontage to Hunter-street, by a like depth as the last, lots. I Lots 15, 16, and 21, as per plan, each having a frontage of 30 feet 7 to Regent-street, by a depth of 90 feet. It is almost unnecessary for the auctioneers to point out the advantages of this property, as it speaks for itself from the rapidity with which the buildings have been erected since the last sale, and the offered and realised profits on allotments since that time testifies the increased value of this property. The Auctioneer's' instructions are to positively soil ! this valuable estate, and parties are requested to attend to advantageous an opportunity as this last and positive sale of some of the finest building sites near Melbourne. Intending purchasers can inspect Um title of this property by applying at the office of Thos. Bellas, Esq., Eldon Chambers. . Lithograph plans for the subdivisions will be ready for distribution in a few days, and can be obtained at the rooms of the auctioneers. Terms Liberal. Luncheon on Ground will be Provided. 1118 ,< TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER, Sale of Capital Kesldonco, Situate Corner of, Nicholson and Hanover streets, Fronting Carlton Gardens, together with the Valuable Household (Furniture, Books, Plate, Glass, case. Also, A Desirable Four-room Cottage in BrunsWick-street, Opposite the Residence of A. Russell, Esq. Sale to Take Place at the Residence of E. Grimes, Esq , corner of Nicholson and Hanover Streets. W. EASEY and CO. have received . Instructions from E, Grimes, Esq., late Auditor-General, in consequence of his leaving for England, to sell by auction, at his residence, corner of Hanover and Nicholson streets, fronting Carlton Gardens, on Tuesday, 8th inst., at twelve o'clock sharp, His capital residence, containing drawing and dining rooms, four bedrooms, detached kitchen excellent cellar, c. The house stands on a Government allotment, and has a frontage of 180 feet to Nicholson-street, by a depth or another frontage to Nicholson-street of 10 feet, with a right-of-way in rear. This property is beautifully situated, and commands extensive views, and is by medical men considered the healthiest part of Collingwood. . Also will no sold, All that piece or parcel of land, having a frontage of 88 foot to Brunswick- street, by a depth of 134 foot. On this capital site is erected a comfortable four-room brick-built cottage. , This property is opposite the residence of A. Russell, Esq., and will be found an excellent Investment for those seeking a house In this first-rate street. After the above sales will be offered, the whole of the household furniture, comprising- ? i Drawing-room. - , Brussels carpet and rug, mahogany bookcase, teapots and Chinese cabinet, rosewood book- case, loo-table, easy-chairs, vases, rosewood couches, oil-paintings, clock, to. , Dining-room. 2 Extension dining-table, mahogany couch, easy chairs, book-case and shelves, j mahogany chairs, card-table, paintings and vases, library deck, -0. -w i Bedroom. Comprising mahogany wardrobe, easy-chair, dress vegetables, hair mattresses and a palliasse, blankets, shoots, and counterpanes, shower and sponge baths, carpets, dressing-tables, toilet-glass, from stump bedsteads and furniture, washstands and Borvicos.-tc&lot-covors;, -0. Pantry and Kitchen. A large assortment of culinary articles, cover dance, plated ware, silver ware, cutlery, glass ware, chinaware, dinner services, hollowware, e. The above of furniture is chiefly made by Thwaites and Sons, or manufactured to order by first-rate London houses, , ' Terms of Furniture Cash. Terms of Freehold Property One-third Cash, residue at 8,0,9, and 12 months' bills, be owing Interest. Or, One-half Cash, residue to remain on mortgage for or 6 years, at tho rate of 8 per cent, per annum. 48 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. J ' Entire Cargo of Cedar, ex Tarbert Castle. 120,000 Feet Cedar. i To Cabinetmakers, Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and Others. < W EASEY and CO. have received ? Instructions from Messrs. Downing, Griffith and Co., to sell by auction as soon as landed, The entire cargo of cedar ex Tarbert Castle 196 logs containing 120,000 feet cedar, nearly half the above logs containing 1,000 feet each The auctioneers begs to solicit the attention of the trade to the above cargo of cedar, as they can with confidence assert that it is the finest lot ovorlmpcrtoa Into this market, and will be sold 'T Without Reserve. Terms Liberal. Ki 3- Sales byelection? Ty Orders, the ss SS 50 Acres of Portion No. 3 in ss H J . Close to the Son and the -retorts? 7 Acres at North Elwood, between at a," stornwick, Fronting the Rescue s s s Adjacent to the Property of a Tile > Set To Capitalists, Speen atorV£Ä\H 3 Others Desirous of Obtaining BILL for Residences at the Bells"?,? TWs? Wp W EASEY and CO have J II instructions from the "X. ! rcM'l HyjB. Foote, Esq., possibly auetff?.,0'«» on Thursday 17th DoccmborfaSl"'a3?t* All that piece of land being part n? in the parish of Moorabbin Br-hlPOrtio'' acres more or loss. ' mS^% tongue This valuable property is close at, n vernment Reserve, and th? wSÍS.BÍff* properties of Captain Mair, Merci 2 W J smith, Selwyn, and Wedge and Government roads, one of which is still! The Terminus of the Brighton is a way will be close to this pS AT!! 118 value considerably, assay and must es, Also, All that piece of land, line to." North Elwood, containing -acre? "fe, <. perty is situate between st. K&Ä,6»« and adjoins the property of - niT i Hen" frontage to the reserve to the sea 'silk FU particulars will appear in' a-", less Terms at Sale. The auctioneers would call the cotton. . ties to this Sale of Seafield 500? '" tiles are becoming daily more EST" parties would do It VwaiuZS1'^ opportunity of purchasing S at" the finest land near Uioaca-sluo S W" Plans of the iSw SEufSSJÄ-'" obtained on »PpUeatlon^tSotT"^ ToAgrlcultuÄreÄSl Victoria, Tasmania, and South, A»2ïïH At the Stores »^«.'BÄ^ Flinders-lane west 1 W EASEY and CO have J T T e instructions from Messrs The"IR 1 and Co. agents for the PoEM by auction, at the above Store, on SSIl met,, at twelve o'clock, " "said '" "" x 9 Andrews, from the Church May, 100 tons Peruvian guano, , More or Less Damaged bSc W.E i The auctioneers would draw ihailtaiL,,' more and others to the fact that there is ',?] the highest bidder without rising] price of this manure has lately adTÄu?h, pounds per ton in Victoria, New South went] over the world, the opportunity now cBeia) all may not occur again. "in" Terms of Sale MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. The Entire Cargo of the Swordfish, from Hobart Town. I v 75,810 Foot Hardwood. 81,617 6-foot Paling. 10,027 6-feet Do, ' 100,000 Laths, 8 feet. 0,800 Do. 8 fcctO, To Timber Merchants, Contractors, Mita in Others. v WEAVER and CO. have; re . Instructions to sell by auction, on the i tralian Wharf, on Monday, 7th last, at eleven ends The cargo of the Swordfish, from Hobart Torn' 097 pieces Sx 2, 3 x 3, ex i, ii!, of 63, 0x2, Ox 2J, full-cut timber, " feet lengths 027 do 6 x 30 x 4, 0, 7xî,7x!,h 8x2,8x3,8x4, 0 x 20 x 8, in central 8 feet to 20 feet lengths 2 1,086 do market cut timber, 4 x 3,5 s 3, Ci 0 x 0, 8 feet to It! set forth! 200 do full-cut blue gum, 3 x 24 x NO x 3,! 12 feet to 18 feet lengths 06 Inch boards ' 749 battons, 8 feet to 10 feet 31,617 palings, 6 foot 10,027 do, Of cot , 100,000 laths, 8 foot 0,800 do S fcotO. Terms at Sale. This is a splendid and picked cargo of timber will be found well deserving the attente in trade. . I! THIS DAY. 110 Westphalia Hams, loose. AG-.M'COMBEwill sell by and in his rooms, Collins-street, next Ibt Bid Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 110 Westphalia hams, loose. ' To be Sold to Close a Consignment THIS DAY. 20 Tons Adelaide Flour, Torn Hills Bros AG. M'COMBE will sell by fire in his rooms, Collins-street, next the of Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven of 20 tons Adelaide flour, town mills band, A Guaranteed Ptsal THIS mr. - '40 tins Assorted CorifccUoruij. 100 Tins Clark's Adelaide Titania. AG. M'COMBE will sell by MKee in his rooms, Collins-street, limit the En Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven 40 tins assorted confectionery 100 tins Clark's Adelaide biscuits. Terms at Sale, THIS DAY. 40,000 Havanah Cigars. 5 Half Tierces Barrett's Tobacco, A G. M'COMBE will sell by auction in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bail Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at linen side 40,000 Habana cigars 5 half-tierces Barrett's tobacco. To Close a Sale. PS THIS DAY. 110 Firkins Cork Butter, A good Sample. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction of in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bid Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 110 Arkins double rose Cork butter , To be sold to close a consignment. J Terms at Sale, DI THIS DAY. 800 Bushels Danish Oats;., 800 Do. California do. A First-Rate Sample AG. M'COMBE will sell Svanosio: in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bar Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 800 bushels Danish oats . 300 do California do. AU In the Best Condition, Terms at Sale, , ffi THIS DAY. To Grocers and Country Storekeeper!. 460 OTROS Oilmen's Stores, AG. M'COMBE will sell by ams . In his rooms, Collins-street, nerttheEi of Australasia, on Friday, 4th Inst, at eleven of 100 cases, each 3 dozen bottled fruits 90 do, do 2 do Wothorspoon's assorted jam 60 do, do do do marmalade 40 do, do do Foast's salad oil 160 do, do 3 do French do 10 do Robinson's groats 20 doraspborry vinegar, pints and quart! ," 80 do, each 2 dozen table vinegar 60 do fine Patras currants Terms at Sale, 2 THIS DAY. 60 Tons of Liverpool Salt. 210 Bags of Mill Dressed Patna Rice. , AG. M'COMBE will sell by autis in his rooms, Collins street, xioxtthoR^ Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven otW 26 tons Liverpool fine salt 26 do do coarse do 216 bags mill dressed Patna rice At Guaranteed. ... Terms at Saloon THIS DAY. 200 Cases Oilmen's Stores v A G. M'COMBE will sell by as in his rooms, Collins-street, nerttlfB)« Australasia, on Friday, 4th Inst, steamers! 00 boxes white soap . . 150 cases, each two dozen, super, ouT 40 cases, each she dozen, mansion am 60 boxes Burn's cutty pipes. To be Sold to Close Well, M Without Reserve. 3?". " THIS DAY To Grocers and Others. 200 Cases Oilmen's Stores AG. M'COMBE will sell BY life in his rooms. tallituHrtreot, naMWffi Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., storeyed, Ex Eclipse, of, £0 cases, each 2 dozen, East's He- saw ." 100 daily! Whybrow'- Pint ?"-»«» 26 do, To cottons, Morton's If love 25 do, do 60 do, Powell's 2-lb. a Son 20 do, each 6 dozen, Colman's M- ~~»T 20 do, do 4 do. do 44. do 50 do, each 3 tins, 14-lb. do 20 do, do 16 do, 7-lb. do 20 do fine table salt, in jars. M All Just Landed, in First-rate Orderlies Terms at sale LAND AT ST. K2UMïnth,i«4!i Valuable Corner Allotment of Land, Law of St. Kilda, with Dwelling-house, Oct- "4 A G. M'COMBE is instrujgW AS A valuable corner ffT£¡?iSS dwelling-house, which at »t"0hST,nTlibilt»«fí ,0FronrPvhrreKhhoteLis owner direct the Bay and surrounding ««5»»¿i,tí other 3s to ?l%UÄ°ÄtÄ 2!,CA^C»P1IÍA^ ties for. 