Salea fig auction. ? THIS DAY. 100 Hhds. Englieh Ale. 100 Do. Do. Stout. AG. M'COMBB will sell by auotion, in h ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank i Australasia, on Wednesday, 9th finst., at tweh o'clock, 100 hhds English ale 100 do do stout. Ia splendid condition. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. 100 Barrels Byasa's Bottled Porter. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in hi ? rooms, Collins street,' next the Bank ' o Australia, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at twclv o'clook, 100 barrels, cach 4 dozen, Byass's bottled porter No reserve. THIS DAY. 450 Cases Oilmen's Stores. To Grocers and Q Liters. AG. M'CJOMBK Will sell 'byauotlon, in hli ? rooms, Collins street, next the 'Bank o Australasia, on Wednesday, 9 th inst,, at elever o'clock, 120 oases quart and pint pickles assorted 50 do jams 65 do quart vinegar 30 casks patent oatmeal, barley, &c.; 50 cases Colman's blue and starch 7 do ground ginger, in 10 lb. tins And Miscellaneous goods. _ ? Terms at sale. ? . THIS DAY. 20 Cases Hill and Jones's Mixed Biecuits. 4 Do Assorted Confectionery. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his ? rooms, Collins street, next iho Bank of Aus tralasia, on Wednesday, 9 th inst., at eleven o'clock, 20 cases Hill and Jones's mixed biscuits 4 do assorted crystalised confectionery Terms at sale. THIS DAY. 60 Bales Hops. 25 CaseB Cheese. AG. M'COMBE will soil by auction, in his ? rooms Collins street, next the Bank of Aus tralasia, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at eleven o'clock. 50 baleB hops 25 cases cheese To olose sales. THIS DAY. 30 Cases Raspberry Vinegar. 100 Cases Salad Oil. SO Cases Marmalade AG. M'COMBE will seil by auction, in bis ? rooms, Collins Btreet, rioxt the Bank of Aue . irilasii, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at eleven o'clock, 30 cases raspberry vinegar 100 do salad oil 60 do marmalade. No reserve. THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. Preliminary Ad\ ertisement. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of Wines and Spirits. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms ? Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia on Wednesday, 9th inst., at twelve o'clock, Au extensive assortment of bulk ale and porter Bottled do S'lirry (Madeira) and port wine, in bulk and bottle Gin, geneva, nnd old torn, in do do Brandy and whiskey, in do do Cordials, clarot, sauterne, &o.; Cider, lemonade, &c.; Full particulars in future advertisements. Note. — To suit the convenience of the trade the above goods will be put up to sale precisely at 12 o'olook. THIS DAY. 20 Casks Patras Currant*. To be Sold Without Reserve. AG. M'COMBE wiU sell by auction, in his ? rooms, Collins Btreet, next tho Bank of Aus tralabia, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at eleven o'clock, 20 casks PatraB currants. Without reserve. THIS DAY. 100 Bags Potatoop. , 40 Bags Onions. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auotion, in his ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday! 9th inst., at eleven o'clcok, 100 bags potatoes 46 bags onions. No reserve. THIS DAY. To Grocers and Other?. Extensive Sale of Oilmen's Stores. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his ? rooms, Collins stieet, next tho Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at elevon Cclock, 80 cases Feast's and Whybrow's salad oil 100 do red aud black currant jam0, &c.;, &o.; 50 do Volckman's assorted jams ? ICO prime York hams 20 barrels prime mess pork 9 cases assorted confectionery 30 casks Day and Martiu's liquid blacking and other goods. Terms at salo. THIS DAY. Auctioneer's Special Notice. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Hotel-keepers, Publicans, and the Trade Generally. AG. MCOMBE begs leave to oall the atten tion of the trade to his extensive Sale of Wines, SpiritB, Ale and Porter, &c.;, &c.;, to be held in h's rooms, on Wednesday, 9th inst., and to meet the convenience of intending purchasers, the Salo will commence at Twelve o'clock precisely. THIS DAY. To Confectioners and Others. 200 Bushels Barley. ' AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Aus tralasia, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at eleven o'clock. 200 bushels barley. A guaranteed parcel. Terms at sale. TO-MORROW. To Confeotioners and Others. Unreserved Sale, on the Wharf, of 3000 Bushels FinoBt Sweet Danish Oats. Ex the Munster, from Leer. A G. M'COMBE is instructed to sell by auotion, on the Australian Wharf, on Thursday, 10th inst. at elevon o'clock preoisely, Ex the Munster, from Leer. 3000 bushels, more or less, fine sweet Danish oats. Now landing on the Australian Wharf, per the lighter Helen. The whole of which will be sold without any resei ve. Terms — cash. . ______ __ _ Lobsters. Salmon. Cheese. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO., (successors to Stubbs and Son) will Bell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at eleven o'clock, 80 cases, each 2 dozen, 1 lb. lobsters 60 tins fine dairy cheese 30 cases, each 1 dozen, 21b. salmon. Terms at Bale. 77 i THIS DAY. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, &c.; Pickles. Sardines, &o;, ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to .Stubba and Son), will sell by auction, at their rooms, fjiueen street,_on Wednesday, 9 th inst., at eleven o'clock, 120 caseB, oa 3 doz., Whybrow's pint pickles, assorted 20 cases quarter sardines 10 do half do Full particulars and terms at sale. 79 ~ THIS DAY. To Painters. House Decorators, &o; Turpentine. , Alexander young and co (successors to Stubbs and Son) will sell by auotion, at their rooms, Queen street, on Wednesday, Ulh inst., at eleven o'clock, 120 cases turpentine, Simmons', each con taining 4 drums. Terms at sale, 77 ? Sa'm tu auction. THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Hams. -Bacon. &c.; is A LEXANDER YOUNG & CO., (successors t o sf fx. Stubbs and Son,) will sell by auotion, at their -c rooms, Queen street, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at eleven o'clook, . 120 Bides prime Cumberland bacou 10 cases do York hams 1 cask do do do. In prime order and conditidn. \- ? Terms at Bale. 77 THIS DAY g To Gingerbcer and Sodawafer ? Manufacturers, if Gingerbeer Machines. . e Tartaric, Soda, and Sulphuric Acid. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Ix. Stubbs and Son,) will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Wednesday, 9th inst., . at eleven o'clock, One very superior English-made machine wilh two drums, cylinder, and fly-wheel, bottling apparatus and stand complete, 3 for the. manufacture of gingerbcer, soda r water, &c.; ' i .. Also, 24 jars tartaric acid, cach 281ba . 25 cases containing each 4 tins, 161b do 20caskB carbonate soda 3 tons sulphuric acid Full particulars and terms at sale. 79 this day: ' 36 Kegs Arsonic. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. . (successors to CX Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction at their rooms, Queen street, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at elevon o'clock, 36 kegs arsenic, cach about 4 cwt. Without reserve. THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Extensive Sale of Oilmen's Store?, Assorted. ALEXANDER YOUNli and , CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son), will sell by auction, at their ' rooms, Queen' street, on Wednesday, 9th inBtant, at eleven o'olock, An ass irted invoice of oilmen's stores, just landed ex Coleroon — , 50 cases, ea 4 doz, pint pickles 20 do, ca 3 do, quart do 20 do, ea 6 do, §-pint assorted sauce3 1 10 do, ea 3 do, bottled fruits 20 do, ea 2 do, do do 15 do, ca 6 do, 1-pint salad oil 10 do, ca 4 do, pint do f 20 do, ta 6 do, J-lb mustards ; i 10 do, ea 4 do, 1 lb do 10 casks vinegar, ea 25 gallons. \ Terms at Bale. 79 1 ? ; ? ? — | FRIDAY, 11th DECEMBER. I Allotment of Land at Richmond. 2 50 Feet Frontage to Goodwood street. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO., (successors fo « Stubbs and Son,) aro instructed to sell by auc- s tion, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Friday, 11th b inst., at twelve o'olock. o A very desirable allotment of land at Richmond a having 50 feet frontage to Goodwood street, by a g depth of 63 feet, being part of suburban section No. e 24, and part of lots 4 and 5 of the subdivision, in the parish of Jika Jiku, county of Bourke. si The land is all fenced in, lies high and dry, and o commands fine views of Cremorne, the Yarra, and r Botanical Gardens, and adjoins the property of q Percy Bloomfield, Esq., and of— Dill, Esq. it Full partictlars can be obtained from the auc- tl tioneers. oi Title guaranteed. 77 bi ? ? at FRIDAY, lllh DECE ViBER. Cottage Residence nt St. Kilda, within Five Minutes' Walk of the Railway Station. To Private Families or Single Gentlemen in Search °' of a (!omfonable Homo. P- ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to Stubbs and Son), have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on *9 Friday, 11th inst., at twelve o'clock, e' A very desirable residence, situated in Nicholson Btreet, St. Kilda, adjoining Chatham Villa, and the 8' grounds of Matthew Hervey, IJsq., M.L O., and Ger- tv main Nicholson, Esq. ' Tbo cottage is ereoted on a ?r freehold property, 43 feot frontage to Nicholson- !n street, by a depth of 9U feet. It contains four good 18 sized rooms, with kitchen and servants' room »t- nc tached. The cottage is weatherboard, liued through out with wood, papered, and the ceilings plastered ; $ the kitchen is slated, and is also lined and painted, m and fitted with a large dresser and shelves ; there is an excellent two- stalled stable and shed, with a con venient yard. m The property commands a rental of £150 a year, an and is well worthy the attention of capitalists as an ,, excellent investment. JJ' Terms liberal. 11 Title guaranteed. 76 — SATURDAY, 26th DECEMBER. Preliminary Notice. A Great Bargain, And A Good Opportunity. To tbo Industrious and Successful Classes in Mel bourne, Geelong, Ballaarat, Bendigo, Ararat, Dunolly, Castlemaine, Maryborough, Warrnam bool, Portland, and Port Albert, &o.; Sale of the C BOWLING GREEN HOTEL, 1C At tho Railway Station, Little River. iui Alexander young and co. (successors to Stubbs and Son) havo received instructions from the proprietor, Mr Henry NicklesB, to sell by public auction, on the premises, on Saturday, 26th . December, at one o'clock precisely (if not previously r ( disposed of by private contract, of whioh due notice au will be given), n All those valuable freehold house and premises, known as L THE BOWLING GREEN HOTEL, At the Little River, with the grounds attached com prising 29 aores. Note. — The completion of the Geolong Railway is an event of no ordinary importance to the interests be of the country and the convenience of the people. — It has opened on the plains stretching via the Werri bee, the Little River, and the beautiful Yo- Yangs, yc and brought the two great rival oiiies into more immediate relation. Six timeB a day the trains pass and repass the _ hotel, and six times a day will the good offices of the S landlord be required to consult the tasteof hia cus tomerc, remembering that as the traffic increases so will his profits. Tea gardens are in course of formation, and the Government lands all round the neighborhood are fast falling into the hands of a new and highly respectable proprietary. — Further i articulars will be given of the house, im provements, &o.; Terms liberal — 25 per ccnt. cash deposit, and Ihe residue at three, six, nine, and twelve months, bear ing 8 per cent interest, Refreshmc ts will be provided for the company, . S Title guaranteed. 7 431 TO-MORROW. Wool and Shespskins. At Goldsbrough's Stores. BROW and CO. will sell by'auctiou, at Golds ? ? brough's Stores, Market-street, on Thursday, luth inst., at eleven o'clock, Wool and sheepskins. . 48 729 THIS DAY. . . 200 Cases Geneva. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. are instructed to ? sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at twelve o'olock, 200 cases JDKZ geneva. Terms at Bale.: 78 THIS DAY. 20 HogsheadB Fine Palo Sherry. 50 Quarter casks do do do. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Otheis. WM. TENNENT and CO. are instructed fo ? sell by auction at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, 9th inst., at twelve o'clock, 20 hogsheads fine pale sherry 50 quarter-casks do do Terms at sale. THIS DAY. Wanders' Dublin Stout. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, Dealerf, and Others. WM. TENNENT aud Co. are instructed by . tho importers to sell by auction, at their rooinB, Collins street, ou Wednesday, 9th inst., at twelvo o'clock, 40 hhds, Manders' Dublin stout. Guaranteed sound and a recent shipment Terms at Sale, ' It jparea fig gMetton. y SATURDAY, 12th DECEMBfeR: ' ' ' Invoice of Books. ? To Private Families, Librarians, Booksellers, Dealers and.Othsrs. WM. TENNENT and CO. have reoeived ir ? structions to seil by auotion, at thei roomb, Collins street, on Saturday, 12th inst. at eleven o'clock, Au invoice of standard works, comprising — M'Culloch's Statistical Account of the Britisl Empire. 2 vols Tho Geological Observer, by Sir H. de la Bechoj with numerous woodcuts Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empiro with engravings and maps. 2 vols Chambers' Pictorial History of the Russian War Works of eminent masters in painting, sculpture. and architecture, with engravings Cassell's Natural History of the Feathered Tribe Cuvier's Animal Kingdom Lord Byron's Poetical Works Sir Walter Scott's dodo Longfellow's do do Burn's'dpdo !. 7 . . The Plays and Poems of Shakespeare, illustrated Bui wer's Works Marryatt's do ? Fielding's novels and other works Smollett's do do Thiers' History of the French Revolution Do.of the Consulate and Empire ' , The Book of British Ballads Historical Pictures of the Middle Ages Rollin's Ancient History . Plutarch's Lives, translated by Langhorn'e Josephus's do, by Whiston Holy Bible, 24mo, morocco, elegant, with, clasp Church Services, in great variety Bibles and Prayer-books, do do. Also, A great variety of most excellent, useful, , and entertaining works, too numerous to particu liirise. Catalogues may be had prior to the sale, and the boo'- s will bo on view on the 11th inst. Terms at sale. 76 WEDNESDAY, 16th DECEMBER. Po Merchants, Capitalists seeking good City Invest ments, Speculators and Others. [nrgo Store in Queen- Btrcet and Vacant Building Ground. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received in ? structions from the proprietor, to sell by luction, at their rooms, Collins- street, on Wedoes lay, 16th inst., at twelve o'clock, All that splendid store ia Queen-street, with the racant building land- for shops to Queen -street, and laving a frontage thereto of 45 feet, by a depth of .32 feet to a right-of way 10 feot wide, leading into jittle Bourke-street, and being portion of allotment !, section 19, City of Melbourne This splendid and spaoious store, which is ei'.-uated carccly two hundred yards from the half-acre, in the ame street lately sold for forty thousand pounds, las been built most substantially for the proprietor's iwn use, and expressly with a view to convenience nd ecouomy of labor in receiving and delivering of ;oods, and no expense haB been spared to mako it in very respeot complete. Drays can' enter from the front, go through the tore to the spot where they are required to receive r deliver their load, and pass out behind into the rght-of-wny, by which means far less labor' is re uired, and greater despatch can be obtained than l any other store in the town. . The measurement of jo store is 45 feet by 80, and it will ccntain ij pwards 1 1000 tons. The roof is so constructed' thivt it can b raised entire, if it is thought desirablo'to add lofcherstoiy. The' building land. There is 45 feet frontage to Queen street, by a spth of 52 feet, in one of the best parts of the city, close to the horse markets, where all the country people gather. In recommending the above property, the auc oneera point to the improving condit'ion of the cality. All the new shops and houies lately ected hereabouts are rapidly finding tehantB, and lere is perhaps no part of the city which has under )nc a more improving change during the last reive mouths than this upper pai t of Queea streot, id as improvemeht begets its like, they hos itate not saying that there is no property in tho city that more deserving of attention than that tiiey have -w the honor to offer to the public notice.' Several offers have beeu made to lease the premises ' desirable tenants, and possession oan bg bad im ediately if required. Title guaranteed. Terms .will be one-tliird chhIi, arid, tha iTomaindcr ay remain to be paid iu equal instalments at ono id two years, with 10 per cent, interest. Further particulars may bo obtained of Messrs. 'Micking and Co., Queen-street, or at tlie rooms of e auctioneers. THIS DAY To Captains, Ship-owners, and Others. ?Unreserved Sale of the First-olass Brig 1 HIGHLAND LASSIE. JYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the ' Commercial Sales Room, oa Wednesday, 9th st., at twelve o'clock, The first-class brig HIGHLAND LASSIE. 9 363-3500 tons register, British built, carries a very rge cargo on a light draught of water, and is well and in every respect ; has two suits of sails, ono it almost new. She can bo sent to sea without y expense watover, she hiving previous to this esent voyage been thoroughly overhauled and new ppered, and is without exception one of the best afta emplojed in the colonial trade. Terms liberal, deolared at sale. Her inventory, which is a very complete ono, can seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. 74 THIS DAY. » Earthenware Dealers, Gingerbeer Makera, and Others. Sodawater, Lamonade, .and Gingerbeer Bottles. \- YMONS and PERRY will sell by auotion, at ) the Commercial Sales Room, on WedneEday, ti inst., at twelve o'clock. 50 crates gingerbeer bottles, 80 dozen each 25 do sodawater do do do 25 do lemonade do Teima at Bale 78 THIS. DAY. » Earthenware Dealers, Storekeepers, aud Others. 50 Crates Earthenware Assorted. ? . Ex Neptune'a Favorite. \- YMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the ) Commeroial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 0th st., at twelve o'clock, , G over DPB and Co., i §124-128—5 crates, each containing 30 dozen ' breakfastcups and saucers, assorted patterns 129—1 do do breakfast sets, white granite i 130-132— 3 dodo willow plates, 65 doz each 1 133,134 — 2 do do each 22 doz disheB, 9, 10, il, | 12, 14,. 16 inches, willow 135 — 1 do do willow cover dishes, 9 and 10 inch 136— 1 do do willow bakers, 8, 9, 10, 11, ( 12, 13. 14 inch ] 137 — 1 do do metal covered jugs, assorted patterns 138,139—2 do do jugs, in sets of 8, assorted i patterns , 141-144 — 4 do do chambers, bowls, cups and saucers, assorted patterns 14*-148— - 4 do do ewers and basons, assorted patterns , 149 — 1 do do pudding bowls, 27 doz 150 — 1 do do bowls, 35 doz 151 — I do do breakfast sets, green spot, unique, ivy, &c.; I 152 — 1 do do 10 breakfast sets, white and i gold 153,154— 2 do do jugs, assorted patterns 155 — 1 dodo 21 dozen inugB, assorted pat terns 156 — 1 do do soup turecnB, sauce tureens, &c.; 157»159 — 3 do do dinner Bets, complete, dove, corolla 1(50.161— 2 do do do do, green Dresden 162,163— 2 do do setB breakfast cup3 and bbu cera, blue figured 164 — 1 do do 30 dozen do do, assorted pat terns 165—1 do do, samples. Terms literal, declared at sale, 78 ... ffajcg tie Suction. ? THIS DAY. To Earthenware Dealers, 'Storekeepers, and Others, i, unreserved Sale of 133 Packages Earthenware, Glassware, -fco. i- Ex Neptune's Favorite, r QTMONS and PERRY will sell by auotion, at tho » N'. Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 9th met , at twelve o'clock, * 18 hhds tumblers, 1-5 quart, No. 600 li 6 do do do. No. 225 7 do do do, No. 4C9 , 2 do pillar decanters in sets 6 do, quart ales, 1-5 quarts, No. 496 J 4 do do, 1-5 do, No. 497 3 do, C TJ decanters, No. 585 3 do do, No. 587 , 4 do tumblers, No. 818 5 cases squat obampagne glasses Also, 8 orates, each containing 6J grors i-ounco ' moulded phials 8 do do 6J do 1-ounce do do 8 do do 6| to Ij- ounce do do 8 do do 6| do 2-ounce do 8 do do 64 do, 4-ounce green flat, 2 lines 4 do do 5 J do 8-ounce flat 6 lines 6 do do 5 do 8-ounce do do 1 do do 5 do 6-ouncc do 3 lines 6 do do 6 do 6 ounce do do 15 do do 2 do, glass sodas 5 do do 2 do ltmonades. Terms liberal, declared at Bale. The abovo aro now landing in sp'endid oondition. 78 TO-MORROW. To Privato Gentlemen, Persons Furnishing, and Others. Important Salo of Household Furniture, -fec S.YMONS and PERRY have received instructions I from R. Bower, Esq., to sell by auction, at his I residence, Sydney terrace, on the Richmond road, on 1 Thursday, 10th net., at eleven o'olook. j Tho whole cf his valuable household furniture, comprising— Drawing room chairs Do couches Do sofaB Do tables Pianoforte Washstands, iron bedsteads, engravings Kitchen utensils. And, Th? usual assortment comprised in a comfortably furnished reBldenoe. Terms— cash. 70 MONDAY, 14th DECEMBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. Publioans, Dealers, and Others. Extensive Sale of Wines, Spirits, Groceries, &o.; SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the importers, to sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 14th inet. at twelve o'olock, Wines and Spirit?. 1000 cases each red and green geneva 1000 do Burnett's old torn, 1 dozen cach 1000 do Pigeons' do, 1 do 500 do claret, 1 do 400 do sherry, 1 do 20 qr-cacks Islay whiskey 30 hhds W. I. rum _ 60 qr-oaska port 10 hhds port , 20 qr-casks do 60 cases sparkling moselle, 1 dozen each 0 150 do hook, 1 do 250 caskB Byass's ale and porter, 4 do Si Groceries. 200 cases Batgers juina F 25 do cheeBe 100 firkins butter 1 10 cases Cork butter ' \- 12 tierceB bacon Q 8 casea vestas 28 carrels curranti M 100 casos sardines, halvsB and quarters w 10 do eau de cologne Also, 100 tona coarsa and fine salt ™ Terms liberal, declared at time of sale. 78 al ? ? — — — it ? i— ? ? — ? ? cl MONDAY, 14t.h DECEMBER. fr To Newly-arrivod Immigrants, Speculators, and 2 Others. ^ Unreserved Sale of Household Property and Build- ar ing Allotments, situated at Riohraond. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, a^ the th Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 14th inat., Bi Without any reserve. ? All that piece or parcel of land situated at Rich- P1 mond, and bounded on the north by Swan street, p bearing east 202 feet 6 inches, on the east by a road Ce 20 feet wide, bearing south 513 feet 6 inches, on the e* south by other part of the said portion bearing west 202 feet 6 inches, and on the west by the sectional line, bearing north 513 feet 6 inches to the com mencing point. Together wilh _ The buildings erected thereon, consisting of two comfortable and well-built briok houseB, of four rooms each, having a frontage to Swan street, Rich mond. Nc Also, Four two-roomed wood buildings, and stabling for I] about tea horses. Terms liberal, declared at sale. 'V The above land is now being surveyed and sub- * divided, and a plan of the property will be on view Pu at the rooms of tho auctioneers in a few days. In B'1 the meantime, the auctioneers would wish intending Pe purchasers to inspect the property, aB it is one of da the best properties now left unsold in Swan street, laying aa it does high and dry, and the streets all in made and metalled. Persons seeking an allotment frc to build upon should not lose sight of the above op- 1* portunity, as the property is to be ' Positively sold to the highest bidder. Title unexceptionable. 72 TL ? ? ? H- thi MONDAY, 14th DECEMBER. co: To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Specu lators, and Others. . an Unreaerved Sale of Valuable Property, situated at an Maryborough, and known as the Golden Age Hotel. ' In the Insolvent Estate of F. J. Fitzpatrick. By Order of the Official Assignee, E. Courtney. Esq — SYMONS and PERRY have reoeived instructions from the Offioial Assignee, E. Courtney, Esq., to sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, g„i on Monday, 14th Inst., at twelve o'clock, If not previously deposed of by private contract. All that piece or parcel of laud, containing by ~\J admeasurement 1 rood, bo the same more or less, V situated in the county of Talbot, parish of Mary- 31 borough, being allotment 5 of section 16, j aibo, . g; All that piece or parcel of land, containing by * admeasurement 31 perches, situated in the county of rpu Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allotment 9 of lro. section 15. Also, \ All that piece or parcel of land, containing by ... admeasurement 1 roou.2 perohes. situated in the county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being al- ( lotment 8 of section 15. J Also, 001 All that piece or parcel of land, containing by idmeasurement 1 rood. 8 perches, situated in the ? :ounty ol Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allot mcntllO of section 15. w Together with Un All the buildings erected thereon, consisting of a j large wooden bui'.diug of about 14 rooms, and known 1 is the | Golden Age Hotel, , situated on the main line of road to the diggings, y There is also stabling erected for about 20 or 30 ' liorseB ; also kitchen, and other outbuildings, and a v: very spacious Bar and. Theatre, - ia' and the hotel is now doing a firstrate. business. ,r0 The above hotel and land will be put up toauotion 14( with the whole of the stock-in-trade, furniture, &c.;, , to be taken at a valuation, if wished, by the pur- q. chascr. Terms liberal, declared at sale. ; , The auctioneers would wish to call the attention 0i,. o£ capitalists, publicans, apd others to the above .u, desirable opportunity for possessing a very lucrative 0D, concern either as an investment, or for the man of & business to soon realise a oompetenoy. . - \- Title clear. 25 419 m« Satcg fig auction. TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. To Persons SeekiDg Investments, Market Gardeners, Newly-arrived Immigrants, and Others. Valuable Allotment of Land, 3 AoreB 3 Roods 14 Perches, Situated in the Parish of Frahran, Close to the Mount Erica Hotel, a YMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the O Commercial Sales Room, on Tuesday, 22nd December, at twelve o'clock, By Order of the Mortgagee, All that piece or parcel of land, situated, lying, and being in the parish of Prahran, in the county of Bourke, colony of Victoria, being part of portion No. 44, of the said parish of Prahran, and containing by admeasurement 3 acres 3 roods 14 perches, be the Bime a little moro or less, commencing at a point on the southern boundary line of said portion No. 44. five chains west from the south-east oorner or angle of said portion No. 44, and running from thence four chains west, then by a liae at right angles to the last line runnings north nine chainB and sixty links, then by a line at right angles to the last line running east four chains, and then by a line at right angles to the last line running south nine chains and sixty links to the commencing point Together with Two weatherboard cottages erected on the same. Term a liberal; declared at sale. j The above valuable block of land offers an oppor- ' tunity to persons seeking such a piece which seldom t or very rarely occurs, and tho auctioneers would ad- e vise intending purchasers to inspeot the land and judge for themselves of its value, situated as it is 1 within a few minutes 'walk of tho St Kilda Railway z Terminus. 0 Title unexceptionable. 77 POSTPONED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. c ro Upholsterers, Parties Furnishing, Furniture r Dealers and Others. r 50 Cbses'Furniture, ex Brewster. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auotion, at their v furniture rooms, rear of the Commeroial Sales Room, on an early day, due notice of which will be ;iven, c 50 cases superior English-made furniture, com- & prising — Elegant plate- glass-front wardrobes f- Loo-tables n Dining do H Sutherland do it Trafalgar chairs n Drawing-room do si Easy chairs ai Marble-top washstands lc Chest of drawers Four-post and Arabian do ki Chintz and damask furniture for bedsteads ai Mattrasses and matfrass oases bi Bed-steps, curnice-poles di Church-hassocka se Music stools, what-nots ju Canterburies, work-boxes of Cheffoniers, bookshelves ot Coffee-tables at Boot-horses Sideboards h( Library tables ? oj Children's perambulators hi Mahogany scroll sofas vi Modern couches bi Dressing-tables oc Coooa-fibre, horse-hair and flock, &0. Terms at salo. . oa The above ohoice assortment of furniture will be P( n view on Thursday. It — ? ? ? : — : ? : ? re FRIDAY, 18th DECEMBER, . oc South Brighton, . . , be n the Great Westernport-road, just below the flc Plough Inn. ve alo of Nine Acres Freehold Land, Two Cottages, and Improvements. de or Absolute Sale in Ono Lot, by Order of the Pro- de prietor. do HSTHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with rT instructions to sell by public auotion, at 31, pr ueeu-strect, on Friday, 18th inst., at twelve o'clock. fr- All that piece or parcel of land in tho parish of pa oorabbin, consisting of nine acres (mpre or less), on be hich are erected thi Ttvo superior weatherboard cottages and thi outbuildings. to The land h is the largest frontage to the Great reslernport-road of any in the locality, is fenced, 0f id haB bad a large amount of money expended in fa( earing, manuring, and planting -that portion in by ont ol the cottages, which aro well and substun- an nl'y built, and contain five rooms each, together m( ith Btables and outbuilding^. There is' also a well ge ' pure water, which has been built at great expense, id is inexhaustible. ,a| Tho road to this property is macadamised almost to 0 front gatq, and is perfectly straight from Prince's ajj ridge, distance ten miles exactly. frc The St. Kilda and Brighton Railway is to be com- j eted within fifteen mon'hs, which when accom er( ished, this, property will, the auctioneers are rtain, have risen in value beyoud the mostsanguinc ] pcctations of any purchaser. The title is perfect. ? irms — half onsh ; balance by bill at throe months. Sale at 31 Queen-street, on Friday, 18th inst., at Twelve o'olook. t- Without reserve. JH : ? ? tio SATURDAY, 19th DECEMBER. ele St. Kilda. K.'| iar the Juuction, and Adjoining the Property of Matthew Hcrvey, Esq., M.L.C. ? r Preserved Sale of Sixteen Building Allotments. bo To Merchants, Capitalists, and OtherB. to ITHEATLEY and BLISS have received instruc T tions from Mr. Jeremiah Bowles to submit to blio competition on the ground, situate in ? eet (near the Junction, and adjoining the pre* rty of Matthew Hervey, Esq., M.L.O.), on Satut ? y. 1 9th inst., at half-past one o'olook, All those sixteen pieces or parcels of land, situate Clare-street, St. .Kilda, having respectively a l mtage of 50 feet, by depths varying from 138 to 0 feet. These allotments are, without exception, some of Tf 3 beBt for villa residences now in the market, pos -siDg excellent locality, fine view, and great depth. H®a ley are only separated by a private road- from Mr. vi irvey'a mansion ; and for building sites, now that Ki. s railway is open to St. Kilda!, ought to be eagerly by mpeted for. . . Vic The above aro for absolute, and unreserved salo, d the auctioneers invite small capitalists, builders, 'an d others to inspect the sites, judge for themselves, ^ei d attend on the day of sale. we' The title is perfect. Terms at Sale. , ' le on the ground at half-past one o'olock, on .''f Saturday, 19th December. 76 in^ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 100 .South Brighton. : — le of Cottage Property and Land on the Great Western Port Road, close to the Plough. Inn. ?' r' [THEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with T V instructions to sell by publio auction, at iv' Queen street, on an early day, -\\.U that pieco or parcel of land situate at South ighton, on the Great Western Fort Road, in the :ish of Moorabin, containing in all 9 acres, Together with oLoottages thereon erected, which will be sold in 3 lots, viz.,— ? ? . Lot 1. - 1 acres, more or less, including five-roomed cot- T :e and out-buildings. ' I . Lot 2. £? j acres, moro or less, with substantial five-roomed .tage, sluble, and outbuildings. oa Further particulars iu future advertisements ' ' ? 71 . PRELIMINARY NOTICE. ? To Merchants, Capitalists and Others, reserved Sale of 16 of the moBt Desirable Build ng Allotments in St. Kilda, situated next the property of Matthew Harvey, Esq.* ;; from which T ,hey- are separated by a private road;. I ITHEATLEYi and , BLISS have .been favored y0* V with instructions to submit to public auotion, on - the ground, on a day to be named in future ad ?tiscments, \11 those sixteen pieces or parcelf of land, situate Clare street, St. Kilda, having respectively a ? ? ntage of 60 feet by depths varying from 138 to ) feet. . ; rhese allotments aro tho property of Mr Jeremiah nrQ wles, and will be Bold about the middle of Dc nber next, ^ rhe auctioneers would invite intending pur. yi jsera to 'examine these properties, inasmuch as j ' -y afford those in search ot villa residences an ? portunity of securing some of the most , valuable es in 'or near St. Kilda. , Pull 'particulars will appear1 in future advertise a'r^ £-alca bg auction. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. WHEATLEY ond BLISS, Auctioneers, Land and .Estate Agents, 31, Queen street. Gut-doer salcB effected of cargoes, merchandise, and furniture. Mortgages negotiated. Properties or houses sold or let by private con tract, and the management and caro of estates uu dertaken for absent or present proprietors. Melbourne, 28th November, 1857. PUBLIC NOTICE. THE subscribers beg to notify that they havo commenced business at 31 Queen street, as Land and Estate Auctioneers, and invite publio at tention to their advertisements in the daily papers. ALFRED EDWARD WHEATLEY. ALFRED BLISS. Melbourne, 28th November, 1857. TO-MORROW. Brighton Beach. At the Hall of Commerce, Collins street. Brick-built Family Residence, wilh about 10 Aores of Land, the property of F. M. Selwyn, Esq. Absolute Sale. M WALSTAB has beon favored with inslruo UT ? tions from the abovenamcd gentleman to sell -y publio auction, at the Hall of Commerce, Collins ;trcet, on Thursday, 10th inst., at two o'clock, His Well-known Residence, together with ten acres of land, laid out iu orna aental and pleasure-grounds, kitchen garden, rchard, and paddock. The house contains on the ground flour, entranca lall, dining- room of largo dimensions with French asements leading ou to the veraudah, drawing 00m also with. French casements, and two bed ooms. All the fittings in these rooms aro of codar and cry nicely finished. On the first floor, five good large airy bedrooms. There are the usual servants' offices, Etabling, oach aud gig house, piggeries, fowl-houses, aviaries, x., and a never-fdiling supply of water. The property is situated in Bay street, within a 3W buudred yards of the Boaoh, sufficiently re loved to be free from the heat and glare of tho ' ay in tho summer, and to be protected against s cold blasts in tho winter, and yet suffloicntly ear to possess all tho advantages of a marine re dence ; is surrounded by all the best residences, ad is undoubtedly tho favorite spot of this favored ? icality. Those who aro acquainted with the property ao aowledge that it is ono of the best iu Brighton, - id the auctioneer feels certain that he wiu not 3 accused .of _ exaggeration when he states that 11 ing the period in which it has been in tho pos ission of the present owner, so much taste and dgment have been displayed in the laying out ' the grounds, and iu the general arrangement tho whole, that it is as comfortable a residenco 1 could well be desired. Any gentleman having a taste for zoology will ire have upon a small, yet a perfect, scale every jportunity of eujoyiug that taste to the utmost of s wishes, as every convenience that could be do sed has been procured for the various animals and rds which constitute the present owner's valuable lUection. There is, however, nothing which the auotioneer m say which oan convey the advantages of the pro ;rty to the mind of any one without its being seen, must be seen to bo appreciated, and he thereforo spectfully invites al! persons looking out for a implete residence of this kind to inspeot it. Tho garden contains many choice fruit- trees in full laring, vines, shrubs, and a valuable assortment of iwers ; it is also well stocked with every kind of igetable. As the whole may be more than one purchaser may aire, the auotioneer is authorised to sell the rosi nco with about seven acres in one lot, and the pad 10k of about three acres, iu another lot. The auotioneer 1b instructed to announce that this operty will be Bold absolutely and without reserve, ie of any mortgage, with possession in the early rt of January next, and the terms of payment will , one-third cash, and the remainder by bills ah ree and six months ; but the purchaser will havo e option of allowing £1,500 of the purchase money remain on mortgage. The auotioneer has frequently alluded to the hope a railway to Brighton, but he has now the sat.is stion of announcing that the Act has been obtained the St. Kilda and Brighton Railway Company, d that the Railway must be finished within tifteen )nths, and then indeed Brighton will become the neral resort, and it will be well for persons desir * to live there to securo properties before it is loo ie. Persons desirous of inspecting the property will bo owed to do so, but only with cards of admission im the auctioneer. Photographic views and drawings of the house and Dunds may be scon at tho Hall of Commerce andat 5 auctioneer's offices, 15 Temple Court. Day of salfe, Thursday, 10th December, 1857, at the ill of Commerce, at two o'clock p.m. 72 THIS DAY. ' Choice Allotments at St. Kilda. I E. BEAVER and CO. are favoured with in ? structions to cause to be sold by public auc n, on the ground, on Wednesday, 9th inst.., at von o'clook, very valuable allotment of land, situate at St Ida, having a frontage of 40 feet to Grey street a depth of 130 feet to a right-of- way iu the roar, rhe above allotment is adjoining the property to offered upon that day, aad from its coutiguity the Railway Station and commanding position tuld not fail to induce spirited competition on the y of sale. Terms at sale 77 THIS DAY. The Cream and Pride of St. Kilda. yiotment in Gray street, close, to the Terminus. For Positive Sale, The Proprietor Leaving the Colony. I. E. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be soli ? by public auction, on the ground, on Wei day, 9th inst., at one o'clock, U1 that piece or parcel of land, situato at Si, Ida, having a frontage of 40 feet to Gray stre»-r, a depth of 130 feet to a right-of-way 20 e« t le. [he above very valuable and desirable piece #f d is situate near the sea, and close to the Railway .?minus, is most delightfully situated, and may II and justly be oalled The Cream and Pride of St. Kilda. Cerms liberal — viz., one-third cash, one-third ee months, one- third six months, with bank erest. ?or further particulars of title, &o.;, apply at tho ms of the auctioneers, 36 Collins street west. _. ? ? 72 THIS DAY. Iron Bedsteads, Cots, &c.; H. KELSON will sell by auction, for Mr- r 1 Chuck, at the furniture .auotion rooms, 78 irke street (three doors. from Swanston street), Wednesday, l)th inst.,. at twelve o'clock. An assortment of iron bedsteads, children's cots and cribs. Without reserve. Terms— cash. 54 728 ~ THIS DAY, ? Sofas and Couches, &o.; H. KELSON will *ell by auction, for Mr Chuck, at the ? furniture auction rooms, 78 like-street (three doom from Swanston street), Wednesday 9th inst., Au assortment of English and colonial- saado sofas, couches, aud easy chairs, in hair cloth and leather. Without any reserve. Terms— cash. 55 728 THIS DAY. Chairs. Chairs. H. KELSON, will aell by auction, for Mr Chuck,, at the Furniture Auction Rooms, 78, irke-street. three doors from Swanston street, Wednesday, 9th inst'., at twelvo o'clock, About 80 dozen English cane seated chairs Ia lots to suit purchasers. Terms — cash. 56 728 THIS DAY. , Horses. Horses. Horses, ken and Unbroken, all of the one Brand, aa l Direct from the Breeder. 7' W. TREAGY will sell by auction, at hi a r '? _ yards, 60 Bourke-street west, on Wednes ?, 9th inat., at eleven o'clock, 30 splendid horses, beiug the first draught of 60 from the breeder's station. .mong them will be 'found horses fit for heavy nght, light, harness, and saddle. No reserve, . . 63 T19 ? ? v; ? ? . . .' . ' ? - ' --I. ' ' ?' * 'i y 