Sales 'fen auction. THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. Extensive and Unreserved gale of Wines, Spiri Ale, and Porter, To Close a Consignment. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in 1 ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank Australasia, on Thursday, 3rd inst., nt twel' o'clock, precisely, 100 lihds Abbot's stout 100 casks, eaoh 4 doz., do bottled do 100 do, do 4 do, Cameron's do 300 do, do 4 do, Maizetti'a ale and porter 300 do, do 4 do. Whitbread's do 200 cases, do 2 do, light sherry 150 do, do 1 do, line old port 30 hhds Scotch whiskey 60 quarter-casks and hhds dark brandy. The whole to be sold to close consignments. Without reserve. THIS DAY. 15 Bales Hops, 200 Bushels Scotch Oafs. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in h ?_ roo/ns, Collins-street, next the Bank of Aui Irtlasia, on Thursday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, 15 bales hops 200 bushels Scotch oats. No reserve. THIS DAY. Wine and Spirit Trade. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his room! ? CollinB-street, next the Bank of Auslralasit Q-i Thursday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, 150 cases sauterne 120 cases first-class champagne 200 cases Bryant and Davis's cider 190 hhds. Yorkshire ule 300 cases bottled alo Further particulars and terms at sale. THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. Sherry, Ale, Porter, &o.; AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in hit ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Aus tralasia, on Thursday, 3rd inst,, at eleven o'clock, 30 octaves Duff Gordon's sherry 100 cases Tanquerie's old torn 200 casks Byass's ale and porter 50 do Truman's XX do 200 cases, each 4 dozen each, Morico, Cox, and Co.'s stout. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. Extensive Sale of Wines and Spirits. AG, M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Thurslay, 3rd inst., at oleven o'clock, 80 hhds Abbott's stout 23 casks do do, each 4 dozen 30 do do do, cach 3£ do 130 do Cameron's do. each 4 do 190 do Maizetti's ale, each 4 do 241 do do stout, each 4 do 197 cases port wine, each 1 do 49 do sherry, each 2 do |330 do raspberry balm, each I do 60 do Eraser's gin, each 1 do 77 do Lowndes's old torn, each 1 do 40 do Pcters's do, each I do 100 do geneva, each 2 gallons 177 do whiekoy, each 1 dozen 10 dodo, each 'L do 148 do do, Evans, Hoare and Co.'s 90 do do, Campbelttown 59 do do, Kenneth M'ICenzie's 40 do old torn, Sivaine, Boord, and Co.'s 80 do brandy champague, Vineyard Com pany's 11 qr-casks brandy 4 hhds Ceutral Vineyard's do 4 do whiskey 9 do Ialuy whiskey 13 qr casks sherry, ex Bosphorus All guaranteed genuine, and to be sold to closo consignments. Terms at sale. TO-MORROW. 50 Tons of Liverpool Salt. 216 Bags of Mill Dresse'd Putna Rioe. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his ? rooms, Collins street, noxt tho Bank of Austr ilaslu, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, 25 tons Liverpool fine salt 25 do do coarse do 2LG bags mill-dressed Patna rico. All guaranteed. Terms — cash. TO-MORROW. 800 Bushels Danish Oats. 300 Do California Do. A First-rate Simple. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his ? roDin=, Collins stieat, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at elevon o'clook, 8U0 bushels Danish oats 300 do California do All in tho best condition. Terms at sale. TO-MORROW. 20 Casks Sugar-cured Hams. 50 Unses Prime Dairy Cheese. 150 Boxes Double Crown Soap. AG. M'GOMBli will sell by auction, in his ? room*, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock. 20 cask? sugar-cured hams 50 oases pr iaie dairy oheese 150 boxes double-crown soap. No reserve. TO-MORROW. To Grocers and Country Storekeepers. 450 Cases Oilmen's Stores. A G. |M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his ? toons, Collins street, next ' the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 4th in3t., at eleven o'clock, 100 cases, each 3 dozen, bottled fruits 90 do, do 2 do, Wotherspoon's assorted jams 50 do, do do do marmalade 40 do, do do Feast's Balad oil 60 do, do 3 do French do 20 do Robinson's groats 20 do raspberry vinegar, pints and quarts 30 do, each 2 dozen tablo vinegar 5 do fine Patras currants. Terms at Bale, TO-MORROW. To Grocers and Others. 2G0 Cases Oilineu's Stores. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction in his ? rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friduy, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Eclipse. 50 cases, each' 2 dozeu, Feast's 1-lb black and red currant jams i ? 100 do, do 3 do, Whybrow's pint m'xed pick'es (new label) 25 do, do'uO tins, Morton's 1-lb lobsters 25 do, do 50 do, Powell's 2 lb salmon 20 do, each 3 dossun, Coleman's 1-lb mustard 20 do, do 4 do, do A-lb do 10 do, eaoh 8 tins, 'l 1-lb do 1 20 do, do 1G do, 7-lb do 1 20 do flue table salt, in jaw. 1 All just lauded, iu first-rate order, 1 Term3atBale. TO-MORROW. | 296 Cases Oilmen's Stores. * f AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his ? rooms, Collins streot, next the Bank of Aus- t tralaat.1, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clock, c 9G boxes white sjnp [ 110 cases, each two dozen superior mustard i 40 cases, each six dozen mushroom catsup r 40 boxes Burn's cutty pipes c To be sold to close sale?. e ^Without reserve. o . ? : ? — ? ; ? : ? t THIS DAY. V To Ironmongers an ? Others. Slipper, Hip, and Sponge Baths, &c.; 2 Alexander young and co. (successors to - Stubbs and Son), will sell by auction at their looms, Queen street, on Thursday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, ' An in voice of bathp, comprising— Children's baths 1 Slipper, hip, and sponge do Foot do Toilet cans, pans and pailp, 3 Terms at sale. 72 _____ ? an ttejtf 6 1- auction. ? THIS DAY. 7 Hhds. Assorted Hollowware. ts, A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors t- Cx. Stubbs and Son) will sell by auction at thei; rooms, Queen street, on Thursday, 3rd inst., a lis elevon o'clock, of 7 hhd3 assorted hollowware, ve Particulars at sale. 73 THIS DAY. Potatoes. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors tc Stubbs and Son), will sell by auction, at their rorms, Queen street, on Thursday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'olock, 100 bag3 potatoes, in splendid condition. Terms— cash. 72 THIS DAY, _ To Ironmongers and Others. Clearance Sale. Alexander young and co. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Thursday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clook, is An assortment of Ironmongery, &o.;, comprising — B' Tinned and enamelled hollow are, stoves, grates, &c.; Chaff-cutting machines Japanned plate- warmer3 Broom-heads, brushware, and mats Tennon, hand, and back saws Knives and forks, corkscrews, &e.; Japanned deed-boxes '? Do tinware l' Electro plated goods, &c.; To olose invoices. 72 THIS DAY. 20 Cases Grocers' Twine. 3 Tons Zinc White Lead. Alexander young and co. (successors to Stubbs and Son), will sell by auction at th oir ? rooms, Queen street, on Thursday, 3rd inct., at eleven o'clock, 20 cases grocers' twino 3 tons zinc white lead, in 1 cwt. kegs i Terms at sale. ' 74 TO-MORROW. Sea Side Rssidence, St Kilda. Close to the Beach, and near the Railway Ter minus. ALEXANDER 'YOUNG aud CO., (successors to Stubbs and Sou.) have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Friday, 4th December, at eleven o'olock, A very desirable weatherboard verandah cottage, adjoining the St. Kilda Grammar School, and enjoy ing all the advantages of sea bathing quarters, being within three minutes' walk of the baths, and conve nient to the Railway Station. The cottage contaiusfour rooms, kitchen, servauls' room, two-stall stable, garden in front, and a yard in the rear, with a largo water tank and pump ; ihe ground has a frontage of about 80 feet to Falconer street, and is in a very improving neighborhood. Title guaranteed. For further particulars apply to the auctioneer?. 70 ~ TO-MORROW. 27 Cases North Wilts Chee5o. A LEXANDER YOUNU- and CO. (successors to J.X. Stubbs and San) will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Friday, 4th inst., at eleven o'clook, 27 oases containing eaoh 1G North Wilts ? oheeses, in flrat-rato condition. Terms at sale. 74 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. 2 Cases Assorted Whips. To Saddlers, Harneasinakers, and Others. Alexander young and co. (successors to Stubbs and Son) will eell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 7th inst., at eleven o'olock, 2 cases whips assorted, comprising — 3 doz jockey whips, electro-plated 3 do bunting do do do 3 do brass hammer hunting 3 do electro- plated do 3 do luucewood do (i do gig whips, plain handloa 3 do do bone holly 3 do do bone gutt 3 do do electro-plated G carriage do, bone holley 3 do do, German silver 3 do do, electro plated 3 do tandem do, do do 2 doz stock wliips _ 50 do gut oart whips, 4, G, 7, and 8 feet - 18 do thread do do 6 do boys' do do G do band do do 6 drovers' do do. , Terms at sale. ? 74 \ SATURDAY, 2Gth DECEMBER. Preliminary Notice. A Great Bargain, And A Good Opportunity. , To the Industrious and Successful Classes In Mel bourne, Geelong, Ballaarat, Bendigo, Ararat, Dunolly, Castlemaine, Maryborough, Warrnam bool, Portland, and Port Albert, &o.; Sale of the BOWLING GREEN HOTEL, At the Railway Station, Littlo River. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to I Stubbs and Son) have received instructions from the proprietor, Mr Henry Nickless, to sell by public auction, on the premises, on Saturday, 26th , December, at one o'clock precisely (if not previously j disposed of by private contract, of whioh due notice £ will be given), { All those valuable freehold house and premi ses, j known as THE BOWLING GREEN HOTEL, , At the Little River, with the grounds attached c om- { prising 29 acres. . Note. — The completion of the Geelong Railway is ( an event of no ordinary importance to the interests of the country and the convenience of tho people, t It has opened on the plains stretching via the Wijrri bee, the Little River, and the beautiful Yo-Ya.af;?, ( and brought tho two great rival cities into mwre j immediate relation. Six times a day tho trains pass and repass 'the hotel, and six times a day will the good offices of Ihe landlord be required to consult the taste of his cub- I tomerc, remembering that as the traffic iuoreasits so will his profits. Tea gardens are in course of formation, and. the Government . lands all round the neighborhood, are t fast falling into the hands of a new and highly ( respectable proprietary. c Further - articulara will be given of the housey :im- i provements, &c.; Terms liberal — 25 per cent, cash deposit, and the j residue at three, six, nine, and twelve months, beir- e ing 8 per cent interest. ( RofreshmP'ts will be provided for the company^ ( Title guaranteed. 7 431- t PRELIMINARY NOTICE. £ Most Valuable City Properly, 1 Corner of Bourke sfreet and Spring street, oppof He ' the New Houses of Parliament. 1 To be Sold by Order of Edward Courtney, Esq.,. * Official Assignee. I ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors 'to S'.ubbs and Son) havu been favored with i n ?tructioni from Edward Courtney, Esq., Official J a dgnee, to submit to public competition, at thi -ir rooms, Queen street, on a day to bo named in a. futi ire 1 idvertisement, unless sold by private contract. All that very valuable city property at thq con ler jf Bourko street and Spring street, containing GO ] 'eet frontage to Bourse street, and 133 feel to Spai ing street, on which is erected the White Hart Inn 1 ind - several cottages. The order of the Government to concentrate -all j he Public Offices oa the Parliamentary Reserve will ' lertainly give a great increase to the value of pec- ' -erty in this neighborhood, and will render the i lileu n Spring stre'et the most desirable building al lot nents in the city of Melbourne. The attention; of 1 J lapitalists, builders, and speculators is there fore [ i (specially directed to this opportunity of purchai aug.. I , in opportunity which cau scarcely occur aga',n, as' 1 n here are very few properties with such advantages ' inoccupied, and for sale. ° For further particulars apply to the auctioneers ! 3 Queen street. 4g ' ? THIS DAY. ~ To Sodawater Manufacturers and Others. , [XT' M. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auc TT ?. tion, at thoir rooms, Collins street, on . 'bursday, 3rd inst., at twelve o'clock, A very excellent soilawater machine, in com plete working order, capable of bottlii- „ ™ 250 dozen per diem. PS Terms— ;asb, 73 115 Sales Auction. TIII3 DAY, 5 Rosewood Pianofortes. r XfiT TENNENT and CO. have reoeived iu t 1? ? structions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, 3rd inst., nt twelve o'clock, A very superior rosewood semi-cottage piano forte, O. G. full, fret work, candle sconces, &c.;, by J. Broadwood and Sons, London. A rosawood cottage pianoforte, O. G. fall, , octagon legs, GJ octaves. Terms — cash. 73 THIS DAY. To Sodawater Manufacturers and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell by auction, ? at their rooms, on Thursday, 3rd inst., at twelve o'clock, A very excellent sodawater machine, in com plete working order, capable of bottling 250 dozen per diem. Terms — cash. 74 THIS DAY. London-mode Furniture. ToJPrivate Families, Furniture Dealers, Cabinet makers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received in ? structions from the importers to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, 3rd December, at twelve o'clock, 30 oases London-made furniture, just landed, and consisting of — Walnut drawing-room chairs Mahogany onsy-chairB, in morooco Loo and dining tables Mahogany sideboards Mahogany washstands and dressing tables Cabriole couches and sofas Walnut, rosewood, and mahogany whatnots Ladies' work tables Walnut sideboard nnd cheffloneers Rosewood and mahogany music stools Stained rosewood cane-seat chairs Mahogany gondola easy chairs Mahogany cbeffioneer sideboards, carved backs and doors Mahogany sliding tables Cheval pier glasses 1 Handsome engravings, framed Horsehair, flock, &c.; Also, 4 'pianos, by the most celebrated makers. Terms at sale. ' ? 71 TO-MORROW. Maize, To Corn Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. are instructed to ? sell by auction, at their, roomi, Collins street, on Friday, 4th inst., at twelve o'clock, GOO bushels whole maize. A splendid sample, and in prime order a.nd condi tion. Terms at sale. 74 TO-JIORROW. Entire cargo of the Dunsaudlc, From Calcutta. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. beg to announco i ? that they have received instructions f,-om - the importers to dispose of by public auction, at ( their rooms, Collins street, on Friday, 4th inst., at twelve o'clook, t The entire cargo of the Dunsandle, from Calcutta, ?, consisting of — ; 2009 bags Ng. 1 Cossipore sugar, 1 owt t each t 3000 do gram ? t 3000 do Patna rico t . 1272 sacks Calcutta cats. t _ The auctioneers beg to call the particular atlen- 1 tion of the trade to the above sale. Samples may be s seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. 1 Terms at sile. 73 j ? ? ? ? ? t MONDAY, 7 th DECEMBER. t To Farmers, Market Gardeners, and Others. J Desirable Scction of Land at Gardiner. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received 0 s instructions to sell by miction, at their j. rooms, Collins street, ou Monday, 7 th December, at twelve o'clook, Ten acres of land, beautifully situated near tho f Government reserve and the Gardiner's Creek, being ' allotment 153, parish of Prahran, at Gardiner. ® For further particulars and directions to view the ? 1 properties, aud for plans of same, apply to the auc- r tioneers. ® The attention of parties requiring suburban allot- * ments is specially called to this sale. Now that the . Suburban and Brighton Railway Bill is passed, the value of lard in'this locality is greatly enhanced. u Titles one remove from the Crown. ' Terms liberal, at sale. 70 4 MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. d To Parties in Scarch of a Really Superior Building ® Site. Jj Land Fronting Carlton Gardens, Viotoria-parado. ' For Positive and Unreserved Sale. a A Most Desirable Investment. FE, BEAVER and CO. are in receipt of in- v ? ? structions from the proprietor to cause to be c sold by public auction, on the ground, on Monday, 0 rth inst., at eleven o'clock precisely, a All that valuable aud most beautifully situated liece or parcel of land Eituated in the oity of Mel journe, having a frontage of 25 feet to Nich'olson itreet by a depth along a reserved road or way 12 81 eet wide, of G8 feet, to another reserved road 12 eet wide. In calling attention to tho sale of the above pro- d oerty, the auctioneers deem it scarcely neccssary a ,0 point out to parties desirous of building, the E jresent and daily increasing value of property In .his locality. The title to the above property is unexcep jonable. ° The terms will be as follows : — One-third cash ; me- third three months, one-third six months, bear ng interest, and secured ou the property. 72 TUESDAY, 8th DEf/'EMBER. 1 rivo Acrcs of Land at Moorabbin, adjoining Dendy's Special Survey. £ PH. BEAVER and CO. are furnished with r- ? instructions from the proprietors to cause o be sold by public auction, at their rooms, 3G t- 3ollins street west, on Tuesday, 8th inst,, imme- i( liately after the sale of properly near the Parlia- w neut Houses. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the n parish of Moorabbin, aud containing by admea surement live acres, having a frontage of four jg shaius ninetj-flve links to a Government road, one aj ihain wide by a depth of ten chains twelve links, i' ,0 a road forty feet wide. 01 The above property is portion of section No Gl, idjoin:ng the well-known special survey known as ia Wendy's, and is situnte about eight miles from g ,he city, and presents a good opportunity for in- fc ^estmeut, either to speculators lor sub-division or ci 'or private suburban residences, from its charming w position and commanding an extensive view. y Terms exceedingly liberal, declared at time of sale. 72 i6 ? ? ? : ? ? ? t: TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER. tl 7ive Substantial Two storeyed Houses and Land, in s( Dunmore place, between Little Collins street and Bourko street, near the Houses of Parliament. J? ?or Positive and Unreserved Sale, the Proprietor ,, Leaving the Colony. P- E. BEAVER andCO. are favored with positive p ? instructions from Robert King, Esq., who is n eaving the colony, to cause to be sold by public v luction, at their rooms, 3G Collins street west, on f( ruesday, 8th inst., at eleven o'clock, ai All that piece or parcel of land, situate in the city a )f Melbourne, having a frontage of 44 feet 9 inches ju ,0 Dunmore-place (tending from Bourke street to Liittle Collins street), by a depth of Gl feet, and on r, shich is erected five substantial two-storeyed houses, low producing a rental of £250 per annum. The above valuable property is situate uear the jaBlern end of Bourke street, in the rear of the Pro- -( isstant Hall, and contiguous to the Houses of Par- t£ sament. 'S&C; auctioneers most respectfully solicit the atten iorf of parties (desirous of investing in this desirable *Mlit ^ '° th® above property, which is placed in j- lefr ''s for positive aud unreserved sale, and j )oa thefoli-.ingterl?s,viz.:- , Om -.third casu deposit, one-third by acceptance at t{ ree months, one-tu lrd acceptance at six months, ar? .ng interest at 8pt'-p cent, per annum, and secured . ffi roup®!**. « Salts 6g auction. WEDNESDAY, 9th DECEMBER. The Cream and Pride of St. Kilda. Allotment in Gray street, close to the Terminus. For Positive Sale, The Proprietor Leaving the Colony. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold ? by public auc! ion, on tho ground, on Wed nesday, 9th insf., at one o'clook, All that piece or parcel of land, situate at St. Kildit, having a frontage of 40 feet to Gray street, bv a depth of 130 feet to a right-of-way 20 feet wide. ' The above very valuable and desirable piece of land is situate near the sen, and closo to the Railway Terminus, is most delightfully situated, and may well and justly be oallea The Cream and Pride of St. Kilda. Terms liberal— viz., one-third cash, one-third three months, one-third six months, with bank interest. For further particulars of title, &c.;, apply at tho rooms of the auctioneers, 30 Collins street west. ? 72 ? THIS DAY. Flemington Bank. Sale of Household Furniture, &c.; WHEATLEY and BLISS have received instruc tions from J. M'Leod, Esq., to submit to public auction, on the premises, situate at Fleming ton Bank, near the Boundary Inn, on Thursday, 3rd December, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the superior household furniture, [ consisting of— Cheffloneer, tables, chairs, bedsteads, bedding, sofas, easy cibairs, &c.; The whole to be sold without reserve. Terms — cash. 71 TO-MORRQW. Mulgrave. Sale of a. 35-Acro Farm, in the Parish of Mulgrave, adjoining the Mulgravo Arms. To Small Capitalists, Market Gardeners, and Others. Without Reserve. WHEATLEY. and BLISS have received instruc tions to sell by public auction, at 31 Queen street, on Friday, 4th December, at twelve o'olock, Without reserve. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the parish of Morditrlloo, being lot 3 A on the plan of subdivision, and forming part of section 2, contain ing by admeasurement Thirty-five acres. This land is olose to the Mulgrave Arms, and has a frontage to a Government road, and would answer the purpose of a small capitalist, to convert into a farm or market garden. This property is partially fenced in, and is for absolute sale, and tho title is perfect, and the Terms — cash. 71 TO-MORROW. Kew. 1 Near the Five Mile Stone from Melbourne. Sale of Eight Acres of Freehold Cultivated Land, ' ? with a neat Four-roomed Brick House. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Those in Search of a Delightful Rural Residence. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with ' instructions from Mr James Crox ford, (remov n x to the Interior) to Eell by public auction, at 31 jue;°.n street, on Friday, 4th December, at twelve )'cloc.lf( All th!** P'eco or Parcel °f 'andi being lots num- 8 jered respectively 1G aud 17 on tho plan and subdi vision of po/tion No 83, in the parish of Boroondara, n the county of Bourke, commencing at a point on t he western boCndaiy line of the said portion, dis- -1 ant 1,045 links oorth from the eoutb.west corner hereof, bounded off ^0 west by part of the western - loundary line of t.htf said portion, being a line leai ing north 10 chain s on the north by a road ol ho width of eeveuly-fiv'e links reserved out of the aid portion, being a lino' .aj1 right angles to the last ine, bearing east eight cha't-nsi on the east by other lart of tho said portion, beii.? a ^uo at right angles 0 the last lino, tearing soufcii fen chains; and on J he south by other part of portion, bearing * rest eight chains to the commencing point, being in 0 act, Jj Eight Acres, d m which is creoted a newly and most substantially puilt „ Four-roomed Brick Cottage, Stable, and Out-buildings. £ 1 This property is one of tho most desirfiblo for I suburban residence now in the market.. Itieclose 0 the five-mile' stone on' the Kew and Huidelberg t, oads, and adjoins Mr Ritchie's fenoe, -and is adja ent to the cottages of Captain Sinclair and Edwd. Vhitby, Esq. - . f( The laud is on a gentle slope, and is divided into s( hree paddocks, cleared and fenced, with six acres C( nder crop, now in coursa of cutting ; there is Iso half an acre of garden, well stocked with fruit- g; rees. The cottage is uewly built of brick, with veron al! and slate roof, spouted and exceedingly well luished inside. There is also a brick tank, fifteen eet in depth by seven feet in tho clear, into which ;ows the pure water from the slate roofed cottage, hat creates on inexhaustible supply— indeed, is full II the year round. The auctioneers, on inspection of this property, rere so much pleased with tho entire lot, that they an with couGdeuce invite tho most fastidious to ride ut and view the same without four of creating dis- at .ppointmeut to intending purchasers. is Title perfect and guaranteed. w' Terms — Half cash ; balance by bills at three and ix months ; the last bill to bear ten per cent, in- fe srest. a] N.B.— Mr O'Shaugnessjr, at the Kew Hotel, will )e irect to the spot, which is on the road on the right, ie; short distance from the five-milo stone on the m lew road. ? ? GG MONDAY, 7th DECEMBER. re South Yarra. ? at ale of that Elegant Brick Family Residence known mi as South Yarra Lodge, now in the Occupation of the owner, Dr Barry. {r. To the Merohants, Legislators, and the Elite of Victoria. - — [XT HEAT LEY and BLISS have been favored T T V with instructions from Dr Barry, to submit to 11 blio competition, on the premises, situate at the orner of Caroline street, and the Gardiner's Creek ' .oad, on Monday, 7th December, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage ) the Gardiner's Creek road pf 110 feet (more or S. jss) by a depth of 150 feet to Caroline street, on 'hieh is erected an elegant and well-built at Brick Residence, ow in the occupation of Dr Barry. The Land 1 a corner allotment, situate in that fashimable ud select suburb South Yarra, within a walk of oorak, the sea, St. Kilda, and Melbourne, being a!y two miles from friuce's Bridge. The Dwelling-house 1 detached and exceedingly well built of brick in a othic style, with slate roof, has a solid bluest'one nmdation, and is exquisitely finished inside. It antains ten lofty well proportioned rooms, together ith detached kitchen, coach-house, stable, poultry ard, underground cellar, &c.; The Garden 1 one of the best arranged in the colony, and con lins some of the choicest flowers and plants that le taste and judgment of the present owner conld sleot. The property has on one side the residence of aptain Kay, and that of the llev. Mr Guinness on le other, and is in the immediate _ neighborhood of le residences ot most of the principal gentry. The auctioneers feel it utterly impossible to re resent to the public in an advertisement the ad- — lirably compact and commodious nature of this aluable property as a residence for a fashionable iinily ; and would therefore earnestly impress upon □y desirous of testing the truth of their assertions, t once to apply for a card to view the interior and idge for themselves. The property is for absolute sale, as the owner is smoving to a smaller residence. Title — guaranteed. Q Terms very liberal, to' be declared at sale. Cards to view, can be obtained of the auctioneers, ini i) Chancery lane ; or from Mr A. E. Wheatly, Es ite Agent, Queen street. ^ 58 ^ lai PUBLIC NOTICE. f0, CHE subscribers beg to notify that they have 1 su commenced busiucss at 31 Queen street, aB i an and and Estate Auctioneers, and invite public at- Pr mtion to their advertisements in the daily papers. co ALFRED EDWARD WHEATLEY. crl ALFRED BLISS. Melbourne, 28th November, 1857, Sales 0]- Euctioit. ? TUESDAY, 8th DECEMBER. North Melbourne. Sale of Freehold Land and Cottage Property i Villiers street, North Melbourne, near the Flen ington Road. TTf f HE ATLEY and BLISS have received instrui VV tions to submit to public competition, on th premises, situate in Villiers street, North Me bourne, on Tuesday, 8th December, at one o'clock. All that pieco or parcel of land, having a frontag to Villiers street of 3G feet, by a depth of 82 feet t Vale street, with a right of way 12 feet wide in th rear, oa which are erected ? Two well-finished slate roof weatherboard cottagei one containing four rooms (now in the occupatio of the owner), the other containing three rooms, It at w£l per week ; with a four-stalled stable in th rear. This property is situate in a highly valuable par of the rapidly advanoing district of North Melbourne is within a few feet of the Flemington road, and t any one wishful of investing in property thftt cannc fail to ensures good return this would be found ai excellent opportunity. Title unexceptionable. Terms — half cash, balance by bill at three months. ? 65 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. South Brighton. Sale of Cottage Property and Land on the Grea Western Port Road, close to the Plough Inn. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored witl instructions to sell by public auction, a 31 Queen street, on an early day, All that piece or parcel of land situate at Soutl Brighton, on the Great Western Port Road, in the parish of Moorabin, containing in all 9 acres, Together with Tho_cottages thereon erected, whioh will be sold it two'lotB, viz.,— Lotl. 4 acres, more or less, including five-roomed cot tage and out-buildings. Lot 2. 5 acres, more or less, with substantial five-roomed cottage, stable, aud outbuildings. Further particulars in future advertisements 71 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Merchants, Capitalists and Others. [Jnreserved Sale of 16 of the most Desirable Build ing Allotments in St. Kilda, situated next the property of Matthew Harvey,' Esq., from which they are separated by a private road. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored with instructions to submit to public auction, 011 the ground, on a day to be named in future ad vertisements, All those sixteen pieces or parcels of land, situate in Clare street, St. Kilda, having respectively a imntuge of 50 feet by depths varying from 138 to 140 feet. These allotments ore the property of Mr Jeremiah Bowles, and will be sold about the middle of De cember next. The auctioneers would invile intending pur 3hasers to examine these properties, inasmuch as they afford those in search ot villa residences an opportunity of securing some of the most valuable itcs in or near St. Kilda. Full particulars will appear in future advertise ments. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. WHEATLEY and BLISS, Auctioneers, Land and Estate Agents, 31, Queen street. Out-door sales effected of cargoes, merchandise, md furniture. . Mortgages negotiated: Properties or houses sold or let by private con ract, and the management and care of estates un lertnken for absent or present proprietors. Melbourne, 28lh November, 1857. TO-MORROW. To Conchbuilders, Timber Merchants, Speculators, and' Others. mportant Sale of Valuable Leasehold City Pro perty, together with Steam-engine anu other Machinery, ^Y-MONS and PERRY have received instruc 3 tions from the proprietor, to sell by auotion, n the premises, Bouverie street, North Melbourne, ear Victoria parade and Elizabeth street, on Fri ay, 4th December, at eleven o'clock sharp, The unexpired lease, having about 16J years to un, of two whole allotments of land, Nos. lG and 17 if block 15, having a frontage of 132 I'eet to Bouverie treet by a depth of 1G5 feet, on which are erected he Union Sawmills and Uuion Stables. 'The above valuable property will be divided into ivo lots. Lot No- 1. Having a frontage. of 66 feet by a depth of 165 -et, on which is erected a substantial two-storied lone and wood building, dimensions 73 x 23 feet, ontaining a powerful steam sawmill, with all ma linery requisite for working in wood on the most i tensive scale. Also, Along with the above will be sold 1 circular saw-beuch, and 11 saws 1 power morticing machine 1 wheel plate 1 jig saw 1 tenoning and boring machine, with saws for cross-cutting 1 large plane, for squaring all sizes to 20 inches. There is also a large wooden building on the love piece of land, size about 40 fuet x 30, which now let to a blacksmith, dt a rental of 35s. per eck. Lot 2. Having a frontage of 66 feet by a depth of 1G5 et, on whioh is erected stabling for fifty horses, so a cottage and sto.e, tho whole of which is now t at the rental of CI per week, and is held under ase by the present tenant, having about seventeen onths to run. Terms liberal, declared at sale. The abovo lease is subject to an adjustment of ut at the end of every five years, and the tenant, the expiration, is entitled to remove all improve ents from the land. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of the ide and capitalists to the above sale, the lease ling ot a most valuable description. 72 TO- MORROW. ) Earthenware Dealers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. 0 Crates and Hogsheads Well Assorted Earlhen w»re. Ex Brewster. JYMONS and PERRY will sell by auotion, at the 5 Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 4th Inst., twelve o'clock, 10 hhds breakfast cups and saucers, blue printed 4 crates plates, assorted, 10, 8, 7, and 6 inches, dove lucerne 3 do dishes, cover dishes, soup tureens, &c.; 2 do breakfast cups aud saucers, assorted patterns 1 do jugs in sets, assorted 8 do blue printed chambers 3 do chambers, plain 3 do ewers au4 basins, pressed and plain 5 do chambers, C. C. 3 do ewers and basins, b'ue printed 1 hhd metal-covered jugs, assorted patterns 10 crates plates, 10, 9, 8, and 7 inch, willow pattern C do meat dishes, 10, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, do 3 do baking dishes, 12, 11, 10, 9 inch do 3 hhds breakfast sets, china, gold edge and line Also, 3 cases squat champagne glasses.' Terms liberal, declared at sale. 73 WEDNESDAY, 9th DECEMBER. To Captains, Ship-owners, and Others. ' Unreserved Sale of the First-class Brig HIGHLAND LASSIE. IYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the 5 Commercial Sales Room, on Wednesday, 9th ' st., at twelve o'olock, The first-class brig HIGHLAND LASSIE. 9 3G3-3500 tons register, British built, carriesa very rge cargo on a light draught of water, knd is well and in every respect ; has two suits of sails, one ? it almost new. She can be sent to sea without y expense watever, she having previous to this esent voyage been thoroughly overhauled and new ppered,.and is without exception one of the best ifts emploj ed in the colonial trade. Terms liberal, deolared at sale. Her inventory, which is a very complete one can seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. - 74 I jjalcs {ip i3,ticlion. ? ? MONDAY, 13th DECEMBER. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Speou n lators, and Oihcrs. Unreserved Sale of Valuable Property, situated at , Maryborough, slid known as the Golden Age Hotel, l- In the Iusolvent Estate of F. J. Fitzpatrick By Order of the Official Assignee, E. Courtney. Esq. :e CJYMONS and PERRY have received instructions 0 IO from the Official Assignee, E. Courtney, E?q-, e to sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 13th inst., at twelve o'clock, 3- If not previously d sposcd of by privato contract. ' All that piece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement 1 rood, be the samo more or less, e situated in the county of Talbot, _ parish of Mary borough, being allotment 5 of section 10. t Also, All that picce or parcel of land, containing by ° admeasurement 31 perches, situated in the county of '' Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allotment 9 of 11 section 15. Also, All that piece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement 1 roou 2 perches, situated in the _ county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being al lotment 8 of section 15. Also, j. All that piece or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement 1 rood 8 perches, situated iu the j county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being allot t ment 10 of section 15. Together with , All the buildings erected thereon, consisting of- a , large wooden building of about 14 rooms, and known ' as the Golden Age Hotel, t situated on the main line of road to the diggings. There is also stabling erected for about 20 or 30 horseB ; also kitchen, and other outbuildings, and a very spacious Bar and Theatre, and the hotel is now doing a firstrate business. The above hotel and land will be put up to auotion with the whole of the stock-in-trade, furniture, &o.;, to be taken at a valuation,, if wished, by the pur chaser. Terms liberal, declared at sale. The auctioneers would wish to' call the attention of capitalists, publicans, and others to the above desirable opportunity for possessing a very lucrativo concern either as an investment, or for the man of business to soon realise a competency. Title clear. 72 MONDAY, 13th DECEMBER. To Newly-arrived Immigrants, Speculators, and Others. .: Unreserved Sale of Household Property and Build ing Allotments, situated at Richmond. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by taction, at ti e Commercial Sales Room, on Monday, 13th inst, Without any reserve. All that piece or parcel of land situated at Rich mond, and bounded ou the north by Swan street, bearing east 202 feet 6 inches, on the east by a road 20 feet wide, bearing south 513 feet G inches, on the south by other part of the Baid portion bearing west 202 feet G inches, and on the west by the sectional lino, bearing north 513 feet 6 inches to the com mencing point. Together with Tho buildings ereoted thereon, consisting of two comfortable and well-built brick houses, of four rooms each, having a frontage to Swan Btreet, Rich mond. Also, Four two-roomed wood buildings, anl stabling for about ten horses. - Terms liberal, declared at sale. The above land is now being surveyed and sub divided, and a plan of the property will be on view at the rooms of the auctioneers iu a few days. In the meantime, the auctioneers would wish intending purchasers to inspect the property, as it is one of the best properties now left unsold in. Swan street, laying as it does high and dry, and the streets all made and metalled. Persons seeking an allotment to build upon should not lose sight of the above op portunity, as the property is to bo Positively sold to the highest bidder. Title unexooptlonable. 72 TUESDAY, 22nd DECEMBER. To PersoUs Seeking Investments, Market Gardeners, Newly-arrived Immigrants, and Others. Valuable Allotment of Land, 3 Acres 3 Roods 14 Porches, Situated in the Parish of Prahran, Close to the Mount Erica Hotel. C3 YMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at Ihe O Commercial SaleB Room, on Tuesday, 22ud December, at twelve o'clock, By Order of the Mortgagee, AU that pieoe or 'pDroel of land, situated, lying, and being in the parish of Prahran, in the county of Bourke, colony of Victoria, being part of portion No. 44, of the said parish of Prahran, and containing by admeasurement 3 acres '3 roods 14 perches, be tho same a little more or less, commencing at a point on the southern boundary line of said portion No. 44, five chains west from the south-east corner or angle of said portion No. 44, and running from thence four chains west, then by a liae at right angles to the last line running north nine chains and Bixty links, then by a line at right angles to the last line running east four chains, and then by a line at right angles to the last line running south nine ohains and sixty links to the commencing point. Terms liberal, declared at sale. The above valuable block of land offers an oppor tunity to persons seeking such a piece which seldom or very rarely occurs, aud the auctioneers would ad- ' vise intending purchasers to inspect the laud and judge for themselves of its value, situated as it is within a few minutes walk of the St Kilda Railway Terminus. Title unexceptionable. 71 THIS DAY. Wool and Skins. At Goldsbrough's Stores. EROW and CO. will sell by auction, at Gold a brough's Stores, Market street, on Thursday, 3rd inst., at eleven o'clock, Wool and sheepskins. 44 723 THIS DAY. To Contractors, Coach Proprietors, Dealers, and Others. The Second Draft of 150 Head splendid Coltj and Fillies, from New England. EROW and CO., are instructed by Vincent ? D owl ing, Esq., to submit to public competi tion, at their yards, Bourke Btreet, on Thursday, 3rd inst., 25 head of powerful colts, being tho second draft of a mob of 150, from the above named gentleman's station, New Eng land. They are in tip-top condition, and the progeny of some of the best sires in New South Wales. 38 714 TO-MORROW. Rice. Rice. HENRY M. TURBULL will sell by auction, on Friday, 4th inst., at twelve o'olock, 4 tons ot dressed Patna rice 3 do do undressed 5 do do Carolina do iu casks, a fine sample. Terms at sale. 53 .714 TO-MORROW. Sole Leather. HM. TURNBULL will sell by auction, ou ? Friday, 4th inst., at twelve o'olock, 50 hides prime sole leather, averaging 45 lbs. each. Terms at sale. 53 714 THIS DAY. MM'CAW and ANOTHER will sell by auotion ? at the Royal Horse Bazaar, on Thursday, 3rd iust., at twelve o'clock, 30 horses, of the celebrated Club brand, in tip-top condition. The disposal of the above horses being under our own control they will be sold to the highest bidder. 10 714 MILCH COWS. MM'CAW and ANOTHER have for Private ? Sale, to arrive abeut the 1st December, 300 milkers, in fine condition, springing and with calves at foot, most of them so quiet as to milk without bailing up, Also, 100 springing heifers,' all quiet milkers, calves Will be sold in lotE to suit purchasers.^ ^ 