THE MAURITIUS. We havo advices from Port Louis to tha 17th of April, but the nevra contains little of interest for Vic torian readers. Tiis following paragraphs from tho Government Gazelle relate to tho Immigration of the Coolies : ? In tho last report of the Emigration Commissioners, in which is embraced a review of emigration generally, we find tho Indian immigrants in this colony alluded to in tho following terms : ' Coolies in the Mauritius. — j.im ujjriuuiiiui-u in. iuo iuauncius is now mainly car riod on by coolies, imported from India for a term of years, at the expiration of which they are entitled to a free passage back to their native country. There aro now some 130,000 of these people in tho island ; thoir labor has raised Iho sugar crop in thirteon years from seventy to moro than two hundredmillions of pounds. This employment of Hindoo3 is very beneficial to them selves as well as to the plantore ; and the only draw back is the difficulty of getting a proportion of females to accompany the men ; Indian women of a decent sta tion havo a prejudice against leaving thoir countrj Henceforward tho Colonial Secretary has required that ouo-fourth of the immigrants shall be females, and the proportion is to be gradually increased In 1854, up ward of eighteen thousand Indians arrived in Mauri tius ; and no difficulty was experienced in hiring out tho men at five rupees a month, besides rations. In lfli'1. t.lm Hlinnlvwny nlir\nf fnin.l/-nn i.1 ? i t. ?Luff, «»»« ''j*i'*j i.m... uuuuu lUUltL'OU UlUUUaiKl. JL11 tho two years, upwards of seven thousand returned to India. The Gazelle quotes also tho following paragraph from a Government document on tho same subject :— 'The number of sugar estates in tho Isle of Franco now amounts to 140 or 150, employing 30,000 blacks. This cultivation is carried to such an extent a3 to produce a quantity that may be estimated at 80,000,000 lbs of sugar in the yeara when the colony is not visited by hurricanes, and at 20,000,000 lbs in years liko that of 1824, when the colony suffored from a hurricane. In a subsequent number of the Gazette, the reopen ing of- tho Indian immigration is confidently antici pated. JixoELMCK.— We learn that about a hundred people are now engaged in working this creek, and aro obtain iug gold in satisfactory quantities. During this week some parties have arrived with drays from Jingollick lor the purpose ol buying stores. — Border Post. Wexbalogioai,.— The Sydney Freeman's Journal tva-ici tho genealogy of James Buchanan, President of the United States, to 'Asiau Buidhe O'Kaue ol County Derry, one of the Irish youths who, in the habit of ladies, had attended the celebration banquet given by Turgesius, the Danish general, to his officers ami who, with concealed daggers under their dresses dispatched their brutal enemies.' Mn. SruRGEos'a Hkaltu.— The Rov. Mr Snurgeon, before commencing his sermon in 'the Surrey Music Hall, yesterday, stated that his medical attendant had urged him not to leave home in consequence of his indisposition; but finding |mn determined to preach, even only for a short time, advised him, if ho valued Ins own life, to close lib sermon, if even abruptly, as soon as he found his physical powers fail him ; for if he did not, tho probability was, that he would never be able to preach again. It was painfully observable during hia remarks that his v0ioe frequently bocauw harsh and rugged, and that he was suffering much from physical exhaustion. He succeeded, how evar, in getting through the task ho had assigned him if wto prostration.— Morning Star. ' 