Sandhurst Directory. k BBOTT'S (lato of Birmingham) AUSTRALIAN A HOTEL. Bridge-street. An Ordinary at ore £dock daily. A: DVKllTISEIt JOBltING OFFICE, tike's Buildings, Pall Mall. B ENDIGO ADVERTISER OFFICE, Pike's Buildings, Pall Mall. : Rank of australasia, Pail Mali, 113mnr.1t ANK OF NEW SOUTH WALES, View Point. Il4tnnr31 Bank of victoria, view point. . llflwargl B ENDIGO J-IO'I'EL, Bridge-street. John Harney, proprietor. _ 116m ar 31 ROWN and YOUNG, Wholesale and Retail Con . fectioners, Pull Mall, Sandhurst. 598-14 Fel)lSC7 B | C. M'DONALD, Lemonade and Soda-water Manufacturer, M'Crae-street. llTmarSl OOPEIt & KOBATHAN, Military Tailors, Pall Mall. 118mnr31 c c COLONIAL INSURANCE COMPANY.— MAOKAY and Co., Agents, Pali Mail. DR. WALL, Bosrjret and Rn^lanJJStrpets, White Hills Hamlet, 7th White Hill. 119ranr31 JjlllF.KMASON'S' HOTEL, corner of Munrfy-street ' and Pull Mall. 120.578 HORWOOD and SONS, Engineers, Millwrights, Iron and Brass Founders, High-street. | 406Janl» JOHN GABRIEL, Smith nnd Farrier, near Ben disro Hotel. Blacksmiths' work of all kinds punctually and neatly executed. 525-Tth feb J MASTERS, Hair Cutter, from Bridge-street, « first house iu Mundy-streot;. opposite Free mason's Hotel. 121c KITCHEN and WALLER, Importers- of Fancy Goods, Stationery nnd Cutlery, Bridge-street, next Abbott's Australian Hotel. 73-98 MACICAY & CO., Art/us Stationary Depot, Pike's Buildings, Pall Mall. MORGAN and FILL, Painter.1, Glaziers Paper hangers and Sign Painters, liull-steet. 122mnr31 MR. EDWARD FRANCIS WARD, Solicitor and Conveyanoer, Oflito Pall Mall, sent Mr. Cam pion's, Drapers Store. 123mar3I MR. J. HENDERSON, lit raid agent, Pike's Buildings, Pall Mall. K. J. M. MINTER, Solicitor, Conveyancer and Proctor, Bridge street, uear Bendigo'Holsi. l2-.mn.r3i MR. PATTEN, Solicitor, Notary Public, and Con veyancer, Williamson-street, Pall Mull, 5th house from the Shamrock Hotel. 4S.32 M M R.-PITMAN, Solicitor and Conveyancer, Oliioes: M'Ciae-street, uear the Exhibition Building. 125inar31 MESSRS. CUTTEN and MILLETS', Solicited and Conveyancers, Bridge-street, near Harney's Bridge, next to Russell's store. 126mar31 "^fACPHERSON and CO.'s Horse Bazaar, behind V the Post-oilice. Pall Mall. 127mar:!l POLLOCK nnd DUNBAR, Hay, Coruand General i"Vortace Salesmen, High-street. 12Smnr31 S~ aDT'i^ii. LUNAM, AND MACKINTOSH, Whole and Retail Drapers, Pall Mall. 129.578 rpAYLOR inc.1 POiVELL, Builders and Bricktnakers, X Downiug-iftreet, Sandhurst. 351 jitn!20 T NOBLE, Auctioneer, Valuer, Commission and . Land Agent, JLotig Gully. 179c WP, HliVL, Surgeon, Seventh White Hill mid i Ep3onr, Deputy Registrar of Births and Dtftths. 724teb29 Banks. COLONIAL BA.NK1 OF AUSTRALASIA— Temporary Offices.- Bridgo-strcot. This Bank allows Interest on Current Accounts and Deposit Receipts. 383,jan23 pROVIDENT INSTITUTE OF VICTORIA. Bead Office—30 Qusan-Btreet, Melbourne, Official Management. Trustees: John Oremilaw Foxton, Esq. "William Patterson Muir, lisq. Tho Honorable Surveyor-General Capt. Clarke R E. The Chief Commissioner of Grown Lands, F. A. Powlett, Esq. Directors :— John Greenlaw Foxton, Esq. Theodore Hancock, IC(,q. Joseph Mneiirdy, lisq. "William Patterson Muir, Keq. John I'ortcr,Esq.. Henry Pownnll Snwell, Esq. John Broadhurst Tootal, Esq. DEPOSIT, ESTATE, AND AGENCY BANK. I lep"sit Department— Deposit may begin with One Found, or with any amount of capital, arid it my bo increased at pleasure. The Managing Director especially invites those per sons who h»vd never vet lmbitunted themselves to the reproductive deposit of savings, surplm, and unemployed uionevs. to *vnil themselves of the advantage, seaurity, »ud facility, of the Provident Institute of.Yiotoria; A liberal interest, freehold security of abundant I value, a legitimate distribution of money, nnd the general well-being, are the grounds upon which this ' llivitttion is basei'. The Bank Department receives savings, surplus in- I come, and non-trading moneys, and it. loans the same | on, and only on, freehold estate, thus realising a liberal | interest far dapositors.„and extending important accom modation to the owners of freehold property. Eacli depositor may nominate a relation "or friend to whom payment shall be msideat a fixed time, should the deposit nut he drawn, or otherwise appropriated duriug tlie interim. Depositors are privileged to have their letters ad dressod " To tha oare of tho I'rovidant_ Institute, Mel bourne." All such letters will be received, registered, And placed iu the stionsr room till called fur. Estate Department. jbTlO.OOf) to be loaned in one sum, or in sums of not j less tL'an £100 vuch. Interest is charged only for the | time m^ney is wanted. It is payable quarterly, and only wheN due ; and the charges for survey aud mort gage are upon an economical scale. Agency Department. The Agency Department effects the purchase, sale, or mortgage of laud, buildings, fcc : and collccts and pays rents, diyid#nds, interest, Ac., on commission j | r?ccipts paid over, or depositad in the Bank Depn.t ' Jaeiit. By order of the Board of Management, JOSEPH 1IACARDY, Managing Director. BOYD and HARRIS, Agents for Sandhurst. 1162.578 . NOTICE TO LAWYERS. FEW Copies of the Pfaotice of the County Courts J\\_ iu tho colony of Vietorjn, with descriptions ol ■ the CountyConrc Districts mct.hiHinaJly arranged, and ijhdoxqd with a copious Appendix of I''ornis. -By Gboboe Elliott Uiuto*. Esq., Barrisber-it-Laiv. ©a B*I» t>\ Uw Avgu» Stfttiwwry Depot, Shipping. I?AGLE LINE OF PACKETS.— lii l'nr I.I VHUPOOTj direct, carry ife, IIIK her Majesty's Jlni's. —The Liver pool and Australian Navigation Company's "auxiliary screw steamship, KDYAI, CHARTER, 2,719 tons, 200-horse power, FRANCIS ROYCE, Esq., Comman der, having made her outward passage in sixty-five da\s, will be despatched for Liverpool puiietmilly on the 15lh January. 1857. This ship presents o desirable opportunity for slip pers of gold. Wool taken at currcnt rates. p,nss"«e aN''-Y to ,ho agen's, BRIGHT oKUi HEjRS and Co., Melbourne, . 1103 alt 34 jan 57 EUROPEAN AND AUSTRALIAN ROYAL WAIL COMPANY. Carrying Her Majesty's Mails. rF\I1E first of this Company's steamships yypwilk J ONEIDA, ; S.sno tons register, aud 550 horse power, George Mydc, eomniander, will be despatched from : Melbourne for Southampton, via Suez, touching at King George's Sound and Point de Galle, on the 27th January, 1857. Bates or Passage. ,r ,, , Cliiof Cabin. Fore Rabin. Melbourne to King George's £ £ £ Sound .. 20 and 15 12 „ Point de Galle 00 „ 55 40 „ Aden SO „ 70 50 „ Alexandria .. 115 .,,-.85 .75 Malta .. .. 195 „ 105 :-.;8o' „ Soutlinnipton 340 „ .120 00 Passengers going to Marseilles can only be booked to Jufllta, but the Company will bave a steamer at Malta to «onvey them to Marseilles. Fares: First cabin .. ., ,, .. £7 10 Second cabin .. .. ., .'.Go Application for passages, ,&c.;, to be mode to MACKAY, BAINES and CO., * „ Agents, Hall of Commerce, Collins-street west, Melbourne. \- __ 3.S7.S-1 ■ffSSs DLAOIC BALL LINE OF BRITISH AUSTRALIAN RoYAL MAIL PACKETS. — For LIVERPOOL direct, forwarding Passengers, Gold, an I Wool to London. The celebrated and favorite clipper ship MARCO POLO, r 1,625 tons register, James Clarke, Cummnndur, having airivad with the September mails, will be dispatched positively on the 10th January, 1857. This renowried nlipper is now on her seventh voyage and her superiority as a passenger conveyance is* ad mitted, and proved by the fact, of her having conveved a greater number of passengers to aii'i from the Australian colonies than any ntjjer ship afloat Her commander, Captain Clarke, has won the respect and esteem of all who have suited with him. Wool by this ship will be delivered in London, Leeds, or any of the manufacturing towns of Lanca shire <u 1 orkthirp, at current rates. For plans of cabins, rates of passage, and full par ticulars, apply to n ^.ACICAY, HAINES and CO., Hall of Commerce, Collins-street, west. 181 7 STAR'LINE OF HOVAL MAIL *" packets for liverpool. The Mammoth clipper-ship ' , WHITE STAR, fiOOO tons burthen, Robert Brown,, Esq., Commander, I will hi} despatchfid for the above port positively on the 8th January. This splendid vessel, huving arrived after a fine passage of 75 days, oilers an excellent opportunity for intending passengers. Her saloon is arrange! in a most comfortable, chaste, and elegant manner, and the Second Cabin and Intermediate are unsurpassed for loftiness, and "ood ventilation, and excellence of their fitting. " A boat will be in attendance at the Railway Jetty at 10, 12, 2, and 4 o'clock each day, to convoy intend ing passengers to the ship free of charge. Orders can be obtained of .the undersigned. j A11 experienced Surgeon accompanies the ship. Prices of Passage : i Saloon £70 Second Cabin 35 i Intermediate 25 I Staarage 20 1 Cargo taken at current rates. Gold and wool for warded to London, Leeds, or any of tho manufacturing towns of Lancashire or Yorkshire. For freight and passage, and all information. Apply to QUO. F. TRAIN and CO., 5 Flinders-street east, Melbourne, y/g 7 Notices, TO THE RATEPAYERS OP THE SAND HURST MUNICIPALITY. GENTLEMEN—My tenure of office as a Municipal Councillor expiring on the 10th of January next, I have to inform you that it is my intention to again offer myself for re- election, and at the same time to express a hope that the attention which I bave paid to the geueral business of the Council during the short time I have been in office has been such as to meiit a renewal ol'that confidence which always has been, and ever will be, my most earnest desire to retain. Should I therefore be successful at the ensuing election, 1 shall prize doubly the honor conferred upon me, as it will serve not only as a guarantee that my past services lmve met with your approbation, but also as a stimulus to increased exertions ibr the benefit and improvements of the township generally. I have the honor to be, Gentleman, Your obedient Servant, ■WILLIAM HENRY NEALE. Sandhurst, December 22nd, 1850. 107-3 Jan 10 SANDHURST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. ALL Persons wishing- to become Members of tho ahovu Association can be enrolled by applying to the Chuirraau or any Member of the Provisional Committee. • . Provisional Committe: Mesira. Bannerman Messrs. Henderson Vallentine M'Dongal Hasker Brocklebank Btillivnn Sclierff Myers Marker Duncan Kennedy N, Clementi II. Jackson Slsinnor E. N. Einmett Hef email Macord Jones Dixon Treasurer : Mr, W. Bannerman. By order of tho Committee, J. F. SULLIVAN, Chairman. JAMES JAMIBSON, 131 e Secretary." " ; MUNICIPAL ELECTION. TO THE RATEPAYERS OF SANDHURST. GENTLEMEN,—I beg respectfully to announce to you thatitia my intention to solicit your suffrages at the ensuing Municipal Election, to fill one of ibe vacant.seats in the Council. from tho position I held on the poll at the late Election, I feel that it would only be in pursuauco of my duty to (he gentlemen wiio so numerously supported me on that occasion, to placo my humble services again at your disposal; and if I enter the Couuoil it will be with a firm .vnd unwavurjng determination to promoto and foster the in threats, uot of uue portion, but that of tho township gonwnlly. T beg- further to say that I am entirely opposed, on principle, to tin- system of pcr Wflttl canvas by the Candidate; and I trust that no Elector viU imagine I am wanting in rdspcct, if I avoid that which I ponsider " moro honored in the breach than tho observance." Electors, if you send mo into tho Council, it will be as a free and independent member of any party. • I am, yours respectfully, lf3f,D, MAQJDOUGALI,. Notices. IMMIGRATION REMITTANCES. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. PERSONS wishing to bring their relatives and friends from the United Kingdom to Victoria, can secure passages for them in vessels chartered by her Majesty's Government, on the following condi tions :— 1\. The persons to he brought into the Colony mnst be iti good health, free from all- bodily or mental de fects ; of (food moral character, sober, industrious, and in the hubit of working for wages nt the occupation specified in the application forms. Children under the age of fifteen years muss be accompanied by somo com petent person v.iio will take charge of them during the voyage. 2\. The names, ages, relationship, married or single state, occnpation and address of the persons for whom passages are requested, must be furnished by the ap plicant, according to the accompanying form *oiop3ui-jx B'[l «! i,u! -AIT QJ3t(Al ?aajjg pun IIMOX JO 03«I,J Olll JO i()3ua[ i[iij ssaappy •2ai|[tio M OPBJJ, •du[e \- uoi)«[oy 'SI°"!S JO pouatifl jei{3oqAy •qjSuoj T|nj i* suwtuug ptttf OUiB^j uuijsijqo 3\. The applicant will then be informed of the amount to be paid to gMcnrc the passages, and upon payment of this snm lie will receive a certificate which he will foiward to his friends by post. 4\. Hie amount to he paid will depend on the num ber ol the pnrsons to be introduced, their aire, sex, ocfiiipation and other circumstances. It will generally b# within the following limits : Sex. Male., U n dci I year. £ 1 to 2 I ntid nnder 12 £ 3 to 4 12 and. under 30 £ 4 to 0 30 and 40 and under under 40\. SO. £ 6 to 8 60 and up, wards. £ 12 tol8 Female... 1 to 2 2 to 3 2to3 3 to 4 4 to ClOtoiS j 1 P. Should the persons sunt tor be unwilling or un able to emigrate, the amount deposited towards their passages will be repaid to the applicant in this Colonv on the receipt ol the usual voucher to that effect from the Commissioners. But should any fuUe statements be nmde as to the age, occupation, character or condi tion of the persons to be brought to the Colony, pas sages will not be granted, and the monev deposited for that purpose will ba liable to forfeiture. * 6\. Application forms and every information will be given, and deposits received ut the under-menlioiied places :— Melbourne, by the Immigration Agent. Oieeleng, ^ Portland, I Port l''uiry, Wnrrnambool, Port Albert, Castlemains, Sandhurst, Ballaarat, Avoca, Beechworth, ' And at other places by persons to be specially appointed for that purpose. 7\. Persons residing at a distance from the above places can obtain application forms at the nearest Post Office, and on sending them (duly filled up and signed) to the Immigration "Agent in Melbourne, will receive immediate information. The amount required can be sent to the Immigration Agent in Melbourne bvcheque or order on a Bunk or mercantile house, or "by bank | notes in a registered letter. Upon receipt of the re- j mittance, the usual certificate lor the passages of his friend* will be forwarded to the depositor, and he will transmit it by post to their address in the United ! Kingdom. I CHARLES EDWAliP STRUTT, Acting Immigration Agent. Immigration Ofiicc, Melbourne, • 1st August, I8fi6. 131,5 • By the Assistant Immigration i Agents, " By the Sub-Treasureri. RE-OPENING OF WILLIAMS & O'KEEFFii'S PREMISES, Market-square. JAMES BDENS1DE has rouoh pleasure in inform ing the public of Bendigo that ho has taken the largo premises lately in the occupation of Me«srs. Wil liams and O'KeeSV's, where he intends selling Horse Feed of every Description, of tli# best quality, and at tAo lowest remunerating price. By su doing, and by strict attention So business, •ho hopes to merit a share of public patronage. J. B. also bt'^H to intimate, that having purchased the Steain-Engine and splendid ChidV-cutting Ma. chinery, along with the Corn-crushing, Mai.st:.-crackiug, and Coffee-grinding Mills, he will be eiwbii'd to supply the best Chaff on Bendigo, and to crush Oats and Barley,crack Maize, and grind Gram and Coffee, in the best manner and on the shortest notice. A Full Sl.ock of the best quality kept at his Store in Bridge-street as heretofore. 1053mar'20 to the ratepayers of the Sand hurst municipality. GENTLEMEN—The period for which you elected me as one of your Representatives in the Muni cipal Council will expire on the 9th of January, I intend to ofW myself for re-election, and trust that tho attention I havB shown to the performance of tlie dntiesof the office of Councillor, nnd the impartial justice with which I have striven to net to the inhabi tants of the Municipality generally, will procure me a majority of your Totes at the ensuing election, I do not come biif.ireyou untried, and if I am re elected shall be doubly gratified for the honor con ferred, and tho implied approbation of my past services. I am, Gentlemen, Your most obediont servant, W. VAZIIS SIMONS. White Hills, I)ocomb*r 27th, 1856. 131o NOTICE OF REMOVAL. C1 LUDWIG, watohmakur and jeweller, in retura '• . ing his best thanks to the publio of Bendigo for the very liberal support he has receiyeil fdf tl(Q last threp yeafs he has bepr) 1(\ husiucas, acquaints his friends, piitrons and the public at largo, that ho lias re. moved nearer the Slnmrook Hotel, where ha trusts to receive a share of business as before, C. L. acquaints the public that ha has ongn«ed, be sides an English watohmaker, a native of Geneva, and he is able to ropair watches of that place in the most perfect manner. All work done wjth tha utmost cate, end the lowest poseiMo charges. Any article in jewellery will be mad# with neatness btst workmanship, j\ud UsV quality. J32c Notices. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. ON THE PROGRESS OF LOCOMOTION. A POPULAR LECTURE will be delivered on Wednesday evening, 7th Janunry, at 8 o'clock, by the Rev. James Nisli; illustrated by dingrams, shewing the successive improvements in modes ol- tra velling since the time of Henry VIII. to tbe present day. Ladies and subscribers IVeo. Non-subscribers, 2s. Gil. 61,G CHURCH OF ENGLAND, Sandhurst.. A BAZAAR of Fancy and various other Articles will be held the first weeK in February, 1857. ut the School-house, in uid of the Building Fund. All kinds of fancy and ussful articles are respectfully solicited from the ladies-of.Sandliurst. Contributions, of materials, &c.;, from Storekeepers and others, will be gladly received by Mrs. Brennaii, at the Piirsontige. .183 o ENTRY ON A NEW QUARTER. SANDHURST MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. A GREAT ADDITION MADE TO THE L I B R A ll Y or THE W ORKS ov EMINENT AUTHORS. •'Subscriptions akb -now] Rkckivf.i>. ; . liS,7 _ | SANDHURST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, j "VJOTICE is hereby given, lh.it a meeting of the J _LN Subscribers to the Sandhurst Chamber of Com merce wiil be held at the Albion Hotel, on Tuesday, the 6th January, 1857, at eight o'duek iu the evening, for the purpose of electing an Actiny-lloranaittee arid Office-bearers for the current hulf-'-ciir. .Subscribers will please lo observe that their sub scriptions must be paid to Mr. Bannennan, the^Troa surer, on or before that date, otherwise they will not be allowed to vote. By order of the Provisional Commltte, J. F. SULLIVAN, Chairman. 112.G JAMES JAM1ESON, Sccretarv. NOTICE. Ml* wife, ELIZA BENTLEY, having absented herself from nn home without just cans?, I hereby nam all persons against harboring her, and 1 uivc notice that. I will not be responsible for any debts she may contract during such absence. 70,6 JAMES BENTLE\\. MURG'lIISON PUNT. THE shortest and best route from Bendigo, Cnstle maine, the Avocn.Sinipsor.'s Diggings, the Gout bourn Diggings, Ac., to the Ovens. Having been at the great expense of constructing a Pnnt at the tuivnship of Murcliison, on the Uoulburn River, the propiiftf.-r ot ths Punt Hotel beys to inform all travellers that they will find this a Nearer Buute to and from the abuve-tiiontioned places than any other by at least FOK'i'Y Mir,ES. Diggers anil olfcor '{Wdlen will find every comfort and accommodation tor m^wi and 'noise, and tor eattle likewise, at the tfunt. Hotel, awl at moderate price i. 106, -29 Trade Addresses. NOTICE. SZAHKINGER, Waichmaker and Jeweller, will • still continue business as usual at Bridge-street, opposite the Police Court. 1179,30 jan. JOSEPH AND CO., W A T C II M A K E~R S And Manufacturing Goldsmiths, PALL MALL & VIEW POINT, HAVE made large additions to their stock, and can now oiler for selection a splendid assortment ot Watches and Jewellery, nil of the very newest designs, and especially adapted for CHRISTMAS & NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. ? nLUDWIG. Wntfhmukoi, Jeweller and Engraver. „ « Pall Mall, and opposite the Shamrock Hotel, Epsom. 1380 j B R 0 C K L E B A N K, j AUCTIONEER COMMISSION , 1 AND | LAND AGENT, Market Square. 938-malO j LIVERY STABLES, Bendigo Horse Bazaar. WJI, ED1IONDSON beyj to rail the attention of Stockholders to the superior accommodation he has for stabling, jarding, and breaking of young horses. Hncks and hnrness horses always on hire. Horses bought or so!d privately. Advances made on mobs of horses for sale. 805ninr8 "il .Tli.' A. HARTLEY, Architect, Surveyor, aud lYX Valuer, otlice. Pall ilall, next Campion's Store. Plans, specifications, aud estimates prepned for buildings ; land surveyed, subdivided &o.; 32.1 .Mjnn N. EMMETT'S 0 F F I C E, AT THR BENDIGO H( USE BAZAAR, Pall Mall, SANDHURST. 137c B. Merchandise. TOBACCO! CIGARS! SNUFF! Wholesale and Retail, A T BUSCHMAN, HICKS, AND CO's., View Point Corner, next to Boyd and Harris, anil at Epsom, apposite tho Shamrock Hotel. IN returning thanks to their friends and tho public of Bendigo, fi>r t.heir liberal patronage during the last 15 months, tho Advertisers beg to announce that that they have on Sale, at present, tho finest quality of American Tobaceo of any house on Bendigo, and a choiec seleotiou of Havanua Cigars to defy all compe tition, A great variety of Cut Tobacco always on hand, cut {0 order expressly fur their own trado, lrmu the Guest American Tobacoo, in packets and canisters of ail sizes to suit purchasers. A large assortment of Real Meerschaum PIPES. Choicti Imported SNUFFS, English, Scotoh & German, B., H., »nd Co. also beg to acquaint the public that every article of their stock is carefully selected by their Firm iu Melbourne, and th/if customers may therefore rely upon a co.nstRUt' supply of atticles of tho jraost geimina una finest quality. ' N.B.—Retailing at Melbourne Trices. BUSCHMAN, HICKS, AND CO. 4inn9'i BENDIGO GLASS D B l' 1) T , adjoining the Parsonage, Sandhurst. Sheet, colored, and ornamental glass cut to any size. Paper-hanirings, oils, colors, &e.; 91-3ajan 57 BRITANNIA House Extensive Drapery Establish ment, High-street (next Hoval, l{o,iel), Yieit Point 1 H*n4Uuf>t, wholesale t^ud * " 43,^ Merchandise. PETEB THOMSON'S celebrated Brnceless Trow sers, larg« assortment (own multe), samples in window. Opposite ' Age,' Melbourne. ; 957-)2may FURNITUKE. FURNITURE. j ENGLISH, Scotch, American, and Colonial made i Furniture, consisting of— , Wooden and iron bedsteads, the largest, cheapest, and Best assortment in Sandhurst j Cbaivi in wnud, cane seat, hair cloth, japanned j cloth, and morocco Booking chairs, nurses' rocking do, children's do children's chambers, silting, and dining ! I chairs Tables in deal, cherry, mahogany, walnut and colonial cedar, dining S to II feat, exleu fion table.*. di/iiitg-leaf do, toilet do, and plain kitchen do, centre loo aud marble top loo do Cheflioniers, colonial .creign make, side boards, bereaus, est- drawers, and wash ' stands Sofus, in flair cloth, snr r.g seated, japanned cloth, imitation morocco, colonial sofas, lounges of colonial, English, and American manufacture Mattrasses, manufactured of curled hair, coira, flock, and straw; palliasses, pillows; bolsters, feather do, wholesale and retail Looking glares, pier do, and toilet crockery Dwr-runts, in cord and wool, plain and figured Hearth-rugs, On Sale at S. T. MAER and CO., High-street. Gecds delivered to tiny part of Bendigo. 202e CAND r. S. DAVIS and CO. beg to inform the t Storekeepers of Sandhurst and the surrounding Districts that thoy have completed their arrangements for the summer season, and have taken especial care to lay in only such Goods as ate uecessury fur the same. C. and I. S. D. ana Co. would call tlie attention of their supporwra to the facility they have in supplying thfir wants of EVEin DESCRIPTION OF MERCHANDISE, being manufacturers aud exporters to this colony for the last fourteen years, thereby enabling tliem to judge of the necessary description of goods i squired for lira different seasons of the year. C. and I S. D. and Co. take the present opportunity o( thanking their friends unit supporters for the very liberal patronage hitherto bestowed on them, aud beg to nssme their customers that they will endeavor to continue to merit their support, by fully carrying out as WHOLESALE STOREKEEPERS, the principles upon which they commenced, viz by selling ttie best article at the lowest remunerative price. The Wine and Spirit Department, which brunch of the business they fully enter into this year, will be found on trial to he ot the cliuicest selection. The Groceries, Ironmongery, Slops, Manchester Goods, Boots and Shoes, aud General Merchandise have been selected with the greatest cars, every article being warranted of the best, description, wid impwrttd direct from some of the First Houses, hoth iu England and America. The Colonial Productions they are in weekly receipt of from Adelaide, Sydney, New Zoulimd, Hobarr, Town, and the up-country, li.ns enabling them to dciy com petition, of which fact they solicit one trial at tiie LONDON M A II T, l'ALL MALI,. The Stock consists of— Best Adelaide flour, in 50, 100, and 200-!b. Chili do. do. do. Light counter sugar, 1st and 2nd qualities Dark Mauritius do, lat atiil 2nd do Cossipore and erv.-talised Jo English loaf do Broker. do do Congou teas, firpt chop, in chests, half-chests, quarter-chests, and caddies Coffee in canisters, I, 'J, (i aud 12-lb. tins Do loose Prime York and Wiltshire hams Do bunelcss btcon, English thin middles Patna rice Do double dressed, in lewt. bags Dried apples (this season's) Double rose Cork butter, (this season's)— I5 ould's and Honait's, brands Oats, V. D. L. and N. 2. Scotch Oats Best Adelaide bran Bottled fruits—Whybroii'/>, Cross and Black well's, Feast's, auJ Batty'a Capers Pickles, t ints aud quarts, Whybrow.s and Feast's Jams and jellies, in 1-lb. jars Sauces, assorted Salad oils, in pints und half-pints ' Castor do do do Vinegar—quarts in cases aud draught Mustard, in lib, and Jibs. Do (Coleman's) in 7-lb. tin* Coleman,s starch Glenficld do Pearl barley Best Scotch oatmoal Putrass currants, (new fruit) Eleuie and Muscatel raisius Pudding do Soft shell almonds Barcelona Nuts Biscuits in tins Candles Price's Belmont sperm, A'o. 1 Hale's do do ! French sperm Colonial mould j Cheese. Wiltshire loaf Double Gloucester, stilton, and chuddar, in Sjlb. loaves Salmon in lib, tins Lobster do Salt, coarse and fine lrwh pickled pork Mess pork j Prime Irish do Best Kent ho;tf Best London soap, in J-ewt, boi 49 Colonial do, in 1 civt. do Tobacco, B. Twist Cavendish, " Crape brand" Cigars, Ca^ns and Hnetuiuij Do Manillas, No. a Quicksilver Panama hats Cabbago tree do Brab and Manilla do Boots and Shoes in great variety Clothing of every description Manilla ropo, virions siieo American snoveis, 1) II Long hamiled shovels Aies and picks, OoUin.-,' and Glamors' And, A variety uf miscellaneous articlos too nume. rous to advwtise. Wines and Spirits. Brandy, D. V. ami Mnrtells in bulk an'* c:ise Old torn, in bulk, Booth's, Nicholson's, and Pigeon's Do onso do do Geneva gin, Anchor and Key brands Sherry, in hulk aud case, best brand* Port, do do do Champagne, pints aud i-muta, iu doz eases Claret Sauterne Cherry cordials. Scotch whiskey Irish do \y. I. rum Bulk ulo and porter, best brntub Bottled alo and porter, do Jfco. ic. Ac. Al! goods will ba guaranteed, ^ delivered if re quired > by .... ' °J & *' S. DAVIS and CO., '^e,loril| Merchants and importers. LOiSDON MART, PALL MALL. Ap Merchandise. 0 GENTLEMAN'S CLOTHING—Every description rendy-ma tie. Garments to order on six hours, notice. Peter I'liomson, opposite 'Age.' 056-12may ITT ATSOK", HENDERSON, & CO. W have oil sale, At their temporary Store, Hul> "raves-street, reurot Junes1® Auction Mart— ° Danish oats, prime sample Adelaide flour. lOOlb.and 2001b. bags Californian do., fiOlb. bags Patna rice, 1 c.vt. bags Price'u Belmont sperm candles Deals and battens Weather boards Scotch and American flooring Lining boards Shelving ' Sheet lead, 4lb. Daily expected: Galvanized corrugated^ iron. Is, 20, 22,'Si, 28 guages Ditto iron tiles , and a larjjc general assortment of Building Material. ' ■ 138a N S A L E , — GIhs.i of nil descriptions Oils, boiled, raw, and lamp Turpentine, paints and dry colors lied and white lend, cement:!, Portland, Komaa Plaster of Pars'!, lead Jtj^riijir, block tin Varnish.*, papeibungriys, gold mouldSngs Painters' brushes Glue, putty, whiting, chalk Chinese oil. J. LANG- and Co., 74 Minders-lane e»Bt. 10.H-1S PLATK GLASS, best quality, ail sizes. J. Lang and Co., 74 Flinders-lane east. 100t-ll LNDOff GLASS, Sheet, Crown, and Plate. J. Lang and Co., 74 Flinders-laue east. \ 1004-1I CHINESE OIL fur Sale, 16,000 G&ltuux.; >T. Lang and Co, 74 Flinder*-lana exst. 10n4-lI OIL, Boiled, Rnw, and Lamp, on Sale. J. Lung and Co., 74 Kiindei'.-,-laua east. IQ.'H-ll PORTLAND CEMENT, best qutility. J. Lang and Co , 74 Flinders-lane east. 1004-11 ,r LASTER OF PAULS on Sale. J. Lan^nnd Co., f 74 Flinders-lane oast. 10114-11 Brown, past r * <j o ok and C 0 N r E C T1 0 Jl E B, (From Cornhill, Lo.ndon,) One door from Bull-street., PALL MALL. JELLIES, JAMB, CCSTAR! ;S. POUND CAKES, TEA CAK.ES, AND YHU1T TARTS Gf Every Be.-.eription. W E D D ;i N <i CAKE S, In great variety,, at nil prices. KVKRY V AKIETT OF FRENCH AND ENGLISH CONFECTIONERY, Wholesale and Retail. WEDDING BREAKFASTS, AND PUBLIC AND PRIVATE SUPPER PARTIES Provided on the Shortest Notice. 10S6mar2S w •For Sale v;miuin law uuu siauipers uomuincu, si&uateu; ?.c ueii disjo, and sit present in'-full-working order. Fur further particulars apply to Emvard K huii, Bullion Broker, Melbourne. 153e 7701, Si.ii', a first-rate Melbourne-mude Spring-rait 1? —patent axles, at Macplierson's Yard, 1'aM Mall. 63,505 Tt^EIGHING MACHINE for Sale—one ot Avery's V1 with guard weights up to 111 C'.vt. Atsr., a Chaft o utter—Robinson's make. Apply to E. Bis?,'ill, Market Square^ GO, 5!) _ FOR SALE. 0NE-FOl:RTtI SHARK in a Qimvtz Claim on Wetherall's Reef. The Claim is 40 yards in' leimtli and the shaft, has beep sunk 103 feet, Where tho leaders have been found. The prospect is good and presents a fair opportunity f0r investment. F. r par ticulars npply to Andrew Banuerman, Gold Broker, View Point. Si.5 TO BLACKSMITHS, HORSESHOERS' &c.; EDU'A r.L) HAYTON. who is about to return to Enyhmd, offers for Sale his Business and Property situated in the White Kills Hamlet, and consisting of one quarter acre of land, a blacksmiths' shop, aud two roomed weather-bbfu'iled house. Also, One two-roomed slab cottage. The land is fenced, and to Hayton'.f Forge thera is pretty good business connection which might bj pushed to advantage. EDWARD HAYTON. Seventh White Hill. 9.6 Lost, Stolen, or Strayed. £5 REWARD on each Horse. LOST, from Kangaroo Gully, on the 27th of De cember. One black Horse, branded C near shoulder, C off shoulder, has h few white hairs on the forehead Also, one liphfc bay Mare, oft'hind fetloek white star on forehead, lonsr tad, saddle marked, branded IV near shoulder. The above reward will be piii-1 on delivery of the hoises, (iron information that may lend to their reco very, hy Bnptisie Fillippini, storekeeper, centre of GoMen Gully. 24 d&ivO; ±5 REWARD If Strayed, £10 if Stolen. LOST., from the Franklyu Hotel, Sailor's Gnlly, about six weeks ago, a Bay Horse, branded HA 0 I near shoulder, two hind feet white. The A in brand on near shoulder is very mu^h blotched. The abov^ reward will be paid by William Grnby, at the Frnuk j lyn Hotel, Sailor's Gullv, on deliver) of the horse, or on information that wili lead to the recovery of tha | ski])". SP,6 | £5 UK WARD. STRAYED or Stolen, from Hapjvy Jack's, Loeu B wood, a dark eliesnnt Hnrse, branded H near shoulder, saddle aud coluu- marked, hot; maw, docked tail. L. MACPHEKSOX & CO.. lGGc Aiiotioneera, f'all Mull. : £5 REWARD. STHAYED with a mob of horses from Clancy's pad dock, one black Miirp, six years old, branded C near fore shoulder, f) off hind quarter. Seen last pas:i intj the Forest Creek pound. Information t he jitvett to C. & I. S. Davis * Co.. Pall Mall, Sandhurst. 1C7 e I^kvvXiTd. ~ STRAYED, Ono bay or mouse-colored Filly, seventeen months old. branded A near shoulder ; lust seen on Taylor's run Information kiii-^iy received by R. Anderson, dairyman, Adelaide HiV,, near Ep.j:,:;i. ? eut. m&wed; 19 £3 KE\Ya1>"j. STRAYED, from Murphy's, on tho Campaspe, on tho Ttb of December last, s>.'bluok Colt, branded F near W shoulder, 0 off neck. Whoever will pive such infor mation to Mr. Mu' phy, at his station, or to Mr Doran, Hack Dreek Stor ^ ttS 'sj,a[| ]ead to bis recovery, will receive the i>v„nye reward. 44 alt 8 Gold. j Jjj A D 1 E AND M'l STY GOLD BROKERS. GOLD PURCHASED In Bnj quuntities, uud the^ighsst prictj jjiTsn, 578 