®h? &V;&V;&* PUBLISHED DAILY_ "I am in tho placowhorol amdomandodof consclonca to spoak tlio truth, and thoroforo the truth I spoak, impugn it whoso list."___,^^___ MONDAY, 8TII JUNE, 1857. ARRIVAL OF THE EUROPEAN. |Twonty-Flvo Days Iiator News from England. The arrival of the European has put va in possession of English papers to the lGfcli 'of Apiil, being twenty-five days later than those received by the Norfolk. The interval which elapsed between tho date of our previous advices irom Great Britain and that of the departure of the mail by the European has been more than usually prolific of events of interest. (Another Princess has been added to thj lloyal Family, and, according to the latest bulletin, "her Majesty and the infant " Princess are going on favourably." Con- currently with this increase in the domes- tic circle of our Sovereign, the English papers report the existence of a very gene- ral feeling of dissatisfaction, occasioned by the rumour that tho House of Commons will be invited to grant a dowry of i£70,000 to the Princess Royal on her ap- proaching marriage with the Prince of Prussia. Apart from the unpopularity of tho head of the Royal Family of Prussia, and fteontipathy entertained against the gene- ral principle of endowing English princesses «ho contract matrimonial alliances with Continental potentates, the feeling ofilis sal>iactionwebave referred to may be at- tributed in part to the prevalent impres- sion that, the Prince Consort might, anti should, furnish a dowry for eaoh of his daiiffhters on their arriving at a matri- monial age, from the thrifty accumulations of his own unexpended income, or from the ouarter of a million sterling bequeathed tôlier Majesty by the will of an eccentric Eubject a short time since. It is understood that Prinoe AxritED j5 about to take un his residence in the Ducliy of Coburg, prior to the commence- ment of his studies at the University of Bonn, where, it will be remembered, bia father was also educated. Parliament has been dissolved, and (with. Ile exception of the county of Leitrim) Ac elections have everywhere terminated. ¡Tic general result has fully justified the policy of Lord PALMERSTON in recoin »ending a dissolution. So far as the force anti direction of public opinion can be esti- mated, under the present representative system of Great Britain, by the answers riven at the hustings to " an appeal é to the country," the adroit Premier may ?îc said to have the nation at his back, '{berywhere the point at issue appears to have been simply this " Confidence in Palmerston," or the reverse ; and the popular verdict is clearly in his favour. 5hc elections have given bim a working majority of one hundred ; and the nett pain is stated to be not less than sixty ire; while an analysis of tho returns yields Ile following results : Liberals. Liberal Cona crvatlvos. Conservativos. rutland and Wiles .. 201 .. 63 .. 178 Scotland .. 37 .. 3 .. 13 Ireland .. 00 .. 10 .. 33 lolal number of mombors roturnod .. .. 051 Double return for Huntingdonshire, not included 1 leitrim county (election not talton placo) .. 2 The rejection of Messrs. BRIGHT, COU BEh, MILKER GIBSON, MIALL, W. J. Fox, and LAYAitD, is remarkably significant of tie temporary unpopularity of the Peace Tatty in England; while the political sect bown as the Pcelites has been almost an- nihilated so far as its parliamentary in lluen.ee and power are concerned. In faot I'ALMEKSTON'S star is completely in the pscendant, and is likely to remain so just as long as he is able to divert public at- j 'cntion from internal reforms by external warfare, and to present himself before the people in the popular character of the cliampion " of the honour and glory of "England." MÍ SiiAav LEI-EVRE having been elevated lo the peerage by the title of Viscount EVERS- LEY, three candidates for tlie Speakership of Hie House of Commons have taken the held-Mr. EVELYN DENISON, Mr. TALBOT 3«»ES, and Mr. FIIZROÏ. It is under- wood that the first-named gentleman will receive the support of the Government. From the United States we learn that lord NAPIEIC and Count SARTIGES have teen engaged in endeavouring to nego Ide a tripartite alliance between tho Governments of Great Britain, France, and Ile United States, with a view to effect HI early and decisive settlement of (le Chinese question ; but according to the Washington correspondent of the ¡Sew York Herald, Mr. BUCHANAN'S Admi- nistration refuses to entertain the propo- rtion. A powerful squadron, it was ex- pected, avould be shortly despatched to Carthagenu and Panama, in order to enforce the demands of the United States tifon the Republic of New Granada, for Ile reparation of past outrages. The most encouraging accounts continue lobe received in England from Canada, »¿ere the demand for mechanical and agri tultaul labour is said to be as urgent as ttf ; and the most pressing invitations to ¿rate are addressed to the unemployed : Great Britain. Building operations s saidto be paralysed in Toronto and 1er cities in Canada, on account of the lacity of skilled labour ; and, large as is Je present amount of immigration in that atony, its powers of absorbing population par to augment with every accession to le number of its inhabitants. An influential and well-informed London «'respondent informs us that, as soon as Le new Parliament meets, Lord STANLEY; ii move for more complete returns in re rencc to emigration than those recently .rnishcd to the House of Commons on the otioa of Lord GODERICH, adding :-" I think we shall, with the impulse now {iven to the emigration movement, be j ible to organize a great system, which | will embrace all our colonies. The mo- ! Bent Lord STANLEY returns to town, wo I itali meet and arrange our plans. We j laveaquarteroiamillion of people leaving 8tee shores annually, and it only requires ' a proper scheme to turu the tide from the united States to our own possessions." lleverting to the continent of Europe, : observe that the diplomatic rupture tween Austria and Sardinia still con- I «ties. The fortification of Alessandria, e formation of a camp of 20,000 men «te, tlie shelter afforded to political fugees in Piedmont, and the free and wal tone of the Sardinian press, î all matters of grave offence to e Government at Vienna; nor is ï irritation of the young Emperor ti his advisers diminished by a knoir Hi of the fact that Russia is covertly Swaging Sardinia in assuming a bold !¡1 tlcfiant demeanour towards her inso «tand vindictive neighbour. Therefore atna mutters threats she dares not exe e,-" willing to wound, and yet afraid »strike." Considerable discontent pre «'in Lombardy, where the state of iicteelmgis represented to be as bad «wsthree months ago; and the Em '»'of Austria is said to be fully cogni iMthe forced and factitious oharacter ,«¡ "loyal demonstrations," which 5% greeted him during bia recent ftess through the trans-Alpine pro -tts of his empire. 1»? Papal States are at length expe «g the impulse of progress. 1'Iie m bm offered a liberal premium for instruction of the railways whioh are ace terrara and Bologna in connection a*e Eternal City ¡ and an ediot appears ?"* otheml journal, by which some very ?»..iui reuuctions are made in the ¡>i tariff of the Roman States; the V« duty on various textile fabrics jj (lucDd no, 50, and even 70 per cent. ; ,,eeM>°rt duty on coarse silk is re two-thirds. Some disturbances have '» «it "t Bologna and Viterbo, but ,m!rCi Pr?mPtly suppressed, and it is probable they were stimulated by S- ea»ss«'cs, in order to justify ût of tlloso °oercive measures ¿" ,.s?b,e(luenUy resorted to. 'c edition of Naples is as unaatisfac ¿as wa Disaffection is rife in the 3'i'oZ, dl,,,uPUDe has broken down, in Hi ice oí the mistrust of the offieers frrnu ' a?d, VICC veT'- An inilaai «¿SW .r?s »PPcared in Palermo, Äthe Kin8 °f NaPles as a foro ^ben I't-Tn5ter' a PerJured traitor, i fo P. 'föihcat.on of crime; contend' callina,r'sht,01' »egltimatu defence; Ion «li "pon the Sicilians, while they | 'f hin, I i?u,Dg wolveB," not to spare toiur."ï the Perl*«lwus Austrian." «ciuanguage .s notuttered without '"«>. niUBt be admitted when we i read of the new form of torture which j King BOMBA has caused to be introduced j into his prisons, under the title of the cap , of silence. The invention is due to SIGNOB f BAIONA, Inspector of Police at Palermo,' and it was so highly approved by the King uf Naples that he immediately decorated 1 lie humane gentleman with the order of j ÏBANCISI. "This cap, or cuffia, consists of " a circular band of steel, passing round the "head just above the eyes, with a semicir " eular band of the finnie material connect- [ " ii.g it over the top of the head ironi ear " i o ear ; attached to this superstructure is "a chin-strap of steel wire growing broader " towards the bottom, so as to confine the | '. lower jaw completely, and make it ut- j " lerly impossible to articulate when the " bands on the head are properly screwed I " up ; and to complete the adjustment there " is a strap of leather with a buckle at "t ached to the chin-strap, which passes I " round the back of the neck, just below " the ears, and keeps the latter firm in its .' place." Meantime Ferdinand is stated to be more and more anxious for the re- establishment of diplomatic relations with the Western Powers. With regard to the Swiss difficulty, we learn on the somewhat doubtful testimony oiLeNortl, "that the Four Powers, heartily " tired of the delay in the settlement of the " Neufchatel question, intend to hold a "conference without the Swiss and Prus- sian plenipotentiaries, and to draw up a "proposition avhioh they avili call upon " Prussia and Switzerland to accept. The " Indépendance confirms this news in sub " stance, and volunteers an opinion that " this step of the mediating Powers " will greatly facilitate the solution of the "difficulty. A reason alleged by the Nord " for the anxiety of the great Powers to "wind up the Swiss matters is, that the "affairs of Italy press very greatly upon I " their attention. We subjoin the letter of our correspon- dent, together with extracts from our files : (FK0M OUR CORRESPONDENT.) London, April IG. The Parliament, which Lord Derby assem- bled in the summer of 1862, was dissolved on the 21st ultimo; and on the 30th of April the new Legislature will meet. The week pre- ceding the dissolution yvas marked by the anxiety of political chiefs to expound the opinions of their several parties. The oppo- nents of Palmerston-and they are many, and bitter-charged him with the want of a definite policy, but the veteran statesman, were he inclined to retaliate, had ample room I for gratifying his lavourito indulgence, ' for in none of the manifestoes, oral or written, issued by the conser- vatives or their allies for the nonce, has . nnything been attempted beyond the vaguest I generalities, or the flumsiest claptrap. " .Eng- land hates coalition," so says a great modem political authority. AndPalmeiBton will have mich a majority, as it has seldom fallen to tue lot of a Prime Minister, to carry out his plans with. Porhaps no occasion moro happily illus- trâtes the freedom and elasticity of tile Con- stitution of England than the occasion of ii general election. Freedom of speech, free- dom of writing, and freodom of printing aro , unbounded. A candidate is public property -the target at which all the shafts of po- litical rancour have a right to bo levelled ; nor dojs birth, eminence, wealth, or character protect him. Royal or noble blood may run in his system, but ho has to submit with the moat humiliating simplicity to be cate- gorically catechised by the veriest bumpkiu who may happen to bo a holder of the franchise ; and ho cannot prevent his name from being made a butt for the satirist or his demesnes the practice- ground for political Bciuibs. The approaching termination of the session of tho French Chambers suggests an invidious comparison botween the state of things on this side of the water and on that. Here, all is open, free, obovo- board :-there, legislation is a misnomer,-political action chained, thought suppressed, speech hushod suspicion and distrust rampant, and freedom sighs for strength to break the fetters that bind her to tlio ground. Here, all sorts of questions are put to candidates, and woe betide the aspirant to parliamentary honours who exhibits any hesitancy in his answers. | Several wero naked avhether they would sanc- tion a voto of £70,000 on the occasion of the not far distantmarriage of thcPrinoess Boyal. Even Royalty ii seit; you see, is not exempt from the interfeience of the British voter. Mr. Lefevre, lu c Speaker of the House of Commons, h;u boen called to the House of Lords under tho title of Viscount Eversley, of Hcckfield. The long-penijitgcasoof the St. Barnabas and St. Paul's Churches, was decided on tho 21st ult.,by the .Tndictal Committee of Pcivy Council. The decision is a compromise, giving a littlo and taking a little ; and, prac- tically, loaves the great question so lou3 in dispute between High Church and Low Churoh, where it found it. Orthodoxy has just received a severe shock, from avhicli it avili take some time to recover. Well may tho Churoh say, " Save mo from my i friends." A correspondent, dating from \ " Broad Phylactery," Bigning himself " Haul-1 tans in Sicco," and who professes himself a sincero churchman, has addressed several letters to the editor of the Times, on the i monotonous and spiritless preaching-e3pa- Î cially that of the dignitaries-in the Church r of England, which he caricatures with a mas- ter's hand. Hod a bomb-shell burst in tho clerical camp less consternation would . have been caused than was produced by the ! suggestion that Spurgeon, the Dissentor, avho can got no placo largo enough to accommo- date his hearers, should be asked to preach to the peoplo in St. Paul's or Westminster Abbey. Mayfair stood aghast,-Pimlico was up in arms,-Oxford wroto bad Latin, and worse Trench against the proposition, - and Cambridge sighed over the degeneracy of the Times. "Habitons in Sicco" remains un- abashed ; and the " Broad Phylactory" con- | tinues to omit its broadsides with provoking pertinacity and precision. A diplomatic rupture has taken place be- tween Austria and Sardinia. Count Paar, tho ' Charge d'Affairs at Turin, having received I orders to demand his passports and to avlth-' draw, with all the members of his legation. ¡ "Austria has addressed a letter to hor rapro | sontatives at tho different European Courts, explaining the causes which lod to this stop. It is thought that nothing more serious than tho cessation of diplomatic intercourse bis-. lavecu the two Powers will bo tho result. Aivs- ) tria has long looked with a jealous eye on tüo independent attitude assumed by Sardinia ¡ and it ¡B no secret that she has been watching lor au opportunity to manifest! her ill-will to j Victor Emanuel. That opportunity was ' found in tho fancied slight towards Francis ¡ Joseph, on the occasion of his recent visit to his provinces bordering those of Sardinia, when the proximity of the Austrian Emperor i was unnoticed. Russia, whose hatred of Aus- tria is well known, is supposed to be backing up Sardinia, while the avowed closeness of the friendship existing between Great Britaiu and Francis Joseph, is, to say the least, not very satisfactory to the peoplo of this | country. Lord Nnpior, our now Ambassador, had received a hearty welcome at New York, and j his interview yvith Mr. Buchanan was marked I by frankness and cordiality on both sides, a ad ) j'.ugured well for the amicable settlement of f tiie knotty questions so soon to form the subject of discussion between them. Great sensation liad been created hy tho decision of the Supremo Court In a slavery taso, avhich was to the effect, that the plain iiil,"Dred Scott," being of African blood, was Lot a citizen of the United States, and thoro foie incompetent to sue in a Court of the Union. The system known as the " rota- tion," and which Mr. Buchanan has rd Bolvcd resolutely to carry out, causes great [dissatisfaction to his friends now in ollioe, ' who, it ita well known, exerted themselves to the utmost to secure his election. That lhoy should, after such services, be set adrift, is regarded as the height of ingratitude, There aro thousands ready to take their places ; and Mr. Buchanan, according to tho [last reports, was obliged to secroto himsolf from the Importunitlos of greedy place hunters, who, regardless of the lntoroats of the State, only exhibited anxiety to step into tho Bhoes of thoso gentlemen, who, by the un-1 wise law of " rotation," wero about to quit office with the retiring President. ¡ , Her Majesty's Government having no funds 5 at its disposal for the promotion of the emi- gration movement, a society has been formed tor that purpose, under the name of the " Wel- lington Fund." [Our correspondent hero enters into details with which our readers are already acquainted, la reference to the proposed operations oil the society.1 J It is proposed, that when the temporary j pressure caused by the'glut in the labour mar i ket shall have subsided, to apply the balance to promoto female emigration. The"Wol I lington Fand," there is little doubt, will be the means of sending out a good man? of the " right men," and " light women, too, to the "right place," and its ox ertions, coupled with ' the results of the contemplated chango In the management of the business of the Government Emigra- tion Commission, will demonstrate the mu- tual advantages flowing from an intelligent and judicious system of emigration, Since itB formation, the "Wellington Fund" bas been active ; it has plenty of límele at its disposal, and its first body of emigrants, con Bisting of carefully-selected artizann, are to leave London on the 16th April in the i Essex, belonging to the Messrs. Wigram. Mr. » Neale Porter has evinced a praisoworthy 1 activity In connection with this fund, and in | promoting the views of the unemployed who i used to meet in Smithfield. Notwithstanding the boasted enlighten 1 mont of this nineteenth century in which wa ! live; notwithstanding what is called the I *' marok of intellect, and all that sort of thing, crime in every degree, and in every Biatlon, daily manifests itself : and a recent i trial in Staffordshire discloses the fact of tho ' existence in that county of a wide-spread belief in. witchcraft. A well-to-do farmer hav- ing reason to beltoro that his cows, pigs, wife, tbabieE, milkmaid, and Utensils were be- witched, called in the services of a profes- sional in the art, to devise measures to eman- cipate his household from tho thraldom of ?witchcraft. The professional visited the farm, reported upon the state of affairs, and levied his fee at so much ti head. Some £20 or £30 pouuds were paid by the farmer, without any visible sign of im- provement, when, atthe instigation of a shrewd maid- servant, he began to suspect that he was being duped, and instituted legal proceedings against his "(professional adviser for being an impostor and a cheat. The tiial was a lengthy one-there wore several profossed "' witches" watching the proceedings-and the evidence showed the fearful and extensiva prevalence of the abject superstition, The defendant was found guilty, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, with hard lubour. The London Missionary Society might tako a hint from this trial, and send pome of their agents into the benightod regions Df Staffordshire, which certainly give evidence of standing as much in need of enlightonmont as do the remoter, but scarcely more super- stitious, districts to which they givo so much of their attention. The examination of Mr. Esdaile, the late governor of the Royal British Bank, was con- cluded on the 26th ult. Tho moro the his- tory of this disgraceful establishment is gone into, the more reckless appears the manage- ment to have been. The disclosures that have been made during tho week show that there aro other public companies, the management of whoso affairs has been on a scale somowhat resembling that of the Boyal British Biak. The London and Eastern Bank, established three years ago, to carry on banking and ex- chango transactions with India, has hean obliged, 'sudd-nly, to suspend its operations. An investigation of its affairs has revealed the startling fact, that all its subsciibed capital is Blink, the Mauagerand Directors having helped themselves to something; like £290,000 ; ouo director alone having had tho mode3t sum of £280,000. Beforo recovering from the Eastern Bunk surprise, the public is informed that tho adair« of the North of Europe Steam Naviga- tion Company have also been mismanagud ; and that the oncouraging reports and high di- vidends recently issued were the grodsost fictions, devised to deceive a too credulous proprietory. A single individual had the solo control of this company ; and his sudden and bopeless illness leads to an investigation, .which shows the loss of £50,000 in the course of a few months, without the Directory hav- ing the slightest suspicion of the circum- stance. Lord Palmerston's appeal to the country on the Chinese question lias been responded to in an unmistakable manner, and in a man- ser which muse como up to the most siu guino expectations of his most enthusiastic supporters. It is, of course, quite impossible) to give the exact number of votes which bin Xordship has gained by the general election 3ustterminated; butthatîhe has gainod, and that, too, considerably, oven his enemies allow. The organs of tho different political parties give different estimates, according to their leanings, of the numerical strength "of lord Palmerston In tho new House of Commons. Striking a balanoo between the two extremes, it may be safely said that his Lordship has gained at least between forty and fifty supporters, whose votes, on a divi- sion, would count from eighty to one hundred. With so gieat a force inside the Houoe, and the "Parliament out of doors," his Loidship will bo obliged to do something to satisfy tho universal ory of Constitutional Reform. Tho mind of the country is set upon having a Beform Bill ; and a Boform Bill it will have, and that speedily, whether he be the author of it or not. As Lord Palmerston was never »otod for his comprehensive views on this ümportaut question, a good many incline to the opinion that Lord John Bussell is des- tined to bo the author of the forthcoming measure, but lojwhat extent, or under what circumstances, h's Lordship is to act, fow undertake to hazard an idea. Increase in the Pftlmeistonian strongth is not the only re- markable result of the general election. Ai the Times says, the elections "have totally changed tho whole face of tho politic»! beavens." Cobden, Bright, and Gibson hnvo bein rejected ; and that class of politicians known as the "Manchester School," or the " Peace' at-any-prica" party, has totally dis- appeared from the new Parliament. Tho electors of Manchester subscribed £10,000 to defray the election expenses of Mr. Lowo, of the Board of Trade, but that gentleman Laving declined to stand, they wore obliged to have recourse to two local men, who, al- though comparatively unknown, yet turned out Bright and Gibson by a majority of something like 2,000. Mr. Cobden also win defeated at Huddersfield by a local manufau tuior, So the League has now no place for the sole of its feet in the House of Commons. The intolerance of so-called " Liberal" in- stitutions was further illustrated in the casa of tho City of London election, and met with an equally significant rebuke. Had the Be giBtration Association not attempted to die tato to the electora, it Is more than probable that Lord John Hassell would not havo been returned That so cioty ostracised his Lordship and tho citizens of London losing sight of the ques lion agitating most other constituencies re- turned him Lord John, with gieat tact, made the most of tho combination against bim, and his repeated appeals to havo fair play showed that he knew the tender point m ítis hearors It has now transpired that Lord John did contemplate retiring from London but as soon as he heard of the organisation to oxcludo lum compulsorily, he at onco do cided to contest the election Sir Jamos Duke headed the poll Baron Rothschild »ext then Lord John and finally Mr Craw- ford, who supplants Mr Masterman Rakete Curries rejection must be particularly galling to him-as ho left Northamptou where ho would have been sure of success ta nek his chanco of membership for Loudon, !Tho metropolitan borough of Finsbury waa sharply contested Mr Duncombe und Mt Cox the latter a city lawyer and an untried man wore leturned Mi Parry and Colonel Roed being unsuccessful Alderman ChallH ?who retired was Mi Duncombe s former col loague The Tower Hamlets have îejectec Sir William Clay after giving them his tutu ful and valuable seivices loi upwards o twenty years Sii Williams cole ¡brated Church rato Abolition bill, bei ung thus prematurely deprived of pa xontagc must become the adopted bant lint of some dissenting enthusiast whe may hope to riso to fame and then te auaityrdom (as in Sir William s case) on the Bhouldors of his adopted Southwark io elected fan Charles Napier but would no1 îiavo Apsley Pellatt tho latter a coanectioi with the Royal British Bank and his voti againsu tho Ministers on the Chinebt niotioi having prejudiced his position with hi constituents His examination in th Bankruptcy Court on Wednesday last, oj tho Bntish Bank swindle, showed tho justle of the verdict of tho olectors of Southv,aik for while it was clear that he personally die ï ot share m the spoils of tho concern, it wa tqually ovident that he was guilty o ¿he grossest carelessness as a dhtctor am luit tho weight of his namo (no doubt uu iiilllu(,Iy) to propagate erroneous statement jegaidmg the standing and solvency of th undertaking Mr Williams, who would hav Hit \ery credulous believe that ho is th wcuror of the mantle of the lato Josep] Hume, has been returned for Lambeth, bu Sir Wilkinson has boon ousted by Mi Itoupell, who polled upwards of 9 000 voto¡ peihapB the largest number over tendered fo a member of Parliament Mi Williams a his nomination, no doubt calculating upo; the gullibility of a Lambeth uudionco, ina pressed upon lils beareis with all the soleinnit, imaginable that he-Williams, ihoir reprt se ntatlve-was the only member of Parhamon ?who had tho moral courage to rcBlst tho Induce ments constantly put forth to soduco M P from the path of political rectitude) Ho, how S ver, stood before thom, an incorruptible nins, in fact, perfection itself personified. It was i known to the omniscient ministerial ".whip" ! thatth6 blandishments of fashionablo sooiety, [ and the charms of female loveliness fell upon the stoic Williams liko water upon a duck's I back ; and as such means failed in the accom- plishment of thoir object, the tempter hadre coursoto a final expedient. Would Williams Lavo a title? This is WiUiams's story, as told by Williams himself, in the bearing of a | Lambeth audience. I need scarcely tell my . Australian readers that it proved too much , even for such an auditory. They doubted it ; . the British public disbelieved it, but Wil- liams was elected notwithstanding. Marylebone has returned its former mem- bers, Sir B. Hall and Lord Ebrington ; and Greenwich has returned General Codrington, and, in place of Mr. M. Chambers, a Mr. Toavnsend, a local auctioneer. There was no contest for Westminster ; but in Middlesex, Mr. Osborne, the Secretary to the Admirality, Laving gono to Dover, for which he waa , elected, thero was sharp work,-there were three candidates-Lord R. Grosvenor, Mr. Banbury, and Lord Chelsea ; the two former were returned. The disoppearance of the Corn-Law Looguo Las been already noticed. It is also worthy of remark that the Peelltes have all but suf I fered extinction. Mr. Gladstone will repre- sent the University of Oxford, as no one of sufficient mark could be found to oppose him; and Sir James Graham narrowly escaped defeat at Carlisle ; while Roundell Palmer, Mr. 1 Cardwell, tho two Phillimores, Mr. Granville I Vernon, and Mr. M. Sutton have disappeared. Mr. S. Herbert has saved himself by avowing I allegiance to Lord Palmerston. The class I known as " Independent Liberals" has also i sustained sad havoc. Aylesbury has proved ungrateful toLayard ; and, although he Borne times acted rathor waywardly, yet all regret the absence of the Nineveh explorer from St. Stephens. Nonconformity has to deplore the loss of its faithful exponent, Mr. Miall, his opponent having resorted to the moat dis- graceful expedients to gain his end. The well-known but crotchety W. J. Fox has been rejected by Oldham ; and Leicester has given the cold shoulder to Sir Joshua Walmsley. Mr. Cobden's nominee at i Salford, Sir E. Armitage, has a'BO been un . successful. Few of tho " advanced " Liberals who voted against Lord Palmerston on Mr. Cobden's motion, have found their way back to the HouBe; and the three members who most distinguished themselves in endeavour- ing to lower the English Sabbath to a level with tho Continental observance of the Facred day-Sir Joshua Walmsley, W. J. i Fox, and Mr. Wilkinson,-although they ¡ stultified themselves by promising not I to meddle with the matter again, have all been refused re-ndmisslon into the new HOUBC, owing, it IB believed, to their connexion avith the Sunday League. Mr. Earnest Jones, who is anxiously aspiring to parliamentary honours, was unsuccessful In unseating Mr. Walter, at Nottingham. The latter, being twitted by the Ohartist orator for his connexion with the "leading journal," .with pride, acknowledges tho soft impeach- ment, and exclaims :-" What other journal but the Times ever enjoyed Buoh a mark of public confidence as to have £20,000 placed at ita disposal, to be administered for the relief of the soldiers in the Crimea? (Loud cheers.) Be was prouder of that transaction than of any event in his life ; and never before had such a thing been recorded in history as the placing of £20,000 by the public at the dispo- sal of a journal for the relief of our starving and perishing soldiers in the Crimea." (Cheers.) Four members of the Government have lost their seats ; Mr. Frederick Peel at Bury, Mr. Ball at Corloav, Lord Monk at Portsmouth, and Admirol Berkley at Gloucester. lu the great majority of instances the con- tested elections have passed off harmlessly, and with good humour. Party feeling did not de velopo itself so strongly as on former occasions, and facetious placards were not BO prevalent as usual. Williams's speech about his own incorruptibility afforded thoLambethiansthe opportunity of circulating in large characters the woids, '' Wote for Wiscount Villiams, the Friend of the Haristocracy ! " and in the city thero were two or three lame attempts at diollety, at tho expcnseof the Rcgistrationists. The only case of outrage was that which oc- curred at Kidderminster, where, at the clo3e of the noll, an infuriated mob, lot looso from the various factories in the neighbourhood, attacked the successful candidate (Mr. Lowe) I and his patty, and inflicted serious personal injury upon some of them ; Mr. Lowe himself Laving received a scalp wound, which threat- ened to be serious, but from which, with cara and attention, the right hon. gentleman is now recovering. Tho limited constabulary of the town, assisted by a few lukewarm spe- cial constables, being utterly unable to restore order, a military forco was summoned by electric telegraph. The sight of the red-coats soon put the rabblo to their heels, and several of the îingleadors wore taken into custody. With this single exception, it may be said that the general election of 1857 has passed off without any noticeable display of feeling. The Scotch returns do not present much difference. Edinburgh, after a good deal of quibbling, re electea Mr. Cowan and Mr. Black. Leith was contested, but the Loid Advocate was successful. Mr. Laing, the lace member for the Wick burghB, being afraid to show himself to his constituents alter his be- trayal of their confidence, retired ; and Lord John Hay, a son of tho Marquis of Tweeddata, succeeds him. All tho Scotch burghs have re- turned Liberol members. In the counties, both English and Scotch, there has been u gi eater Liberal gain than in tho towns. 'I hero are about 170 new membors, a great proportion of whom arc lawyers- all aspirante lor the avoolsack, no doubt. One well-knoavn Lie« cry iii m has had the good fortune to Lave thieo of its partners made M.P.s-Sir E, N. Buxton. Mr. 0. Buxton, and Mr. Han bury. In last month's letter I alluded to the re- turn moved for in the late session by Lord Goderich, with reference to emigration to I Australia. Tho paper has just been issued norn the office of the printers to Parliament ; and tho Times gives the following summary of its contents:-"The balance of money at the disposal of the Emigration Oommis \ sionors for emigration to Australia amounted at the close of 1850 to £191,400. The total re ceipts were £214,600, and the total payments j £380,100; 20,053 emigrants were sent out last [ year, making a grand total since 184Q of \ 211,236 souls. The grand total payments I amounted during that poriod to £3,109,700. 1 The average coat of each statute adult last /year was£1519a. 10d., against £17 18a. Od. la 1855, £2117s. dd. in 1854, £20 18s. 7d. in 1853. I £1016s. lOd. in 1852, £13 12s. lid. in 1351,-and } £1213s. 8d. in the year 1850. On the '2nd I ult. there were 8,450 statute adults on the libts of the Commissioners, for whom, if op } iuoved, passages must bo provided after the s18th inst, (Easter Monday). Thore wa3 an unappropriated balance of £123,000 (on the did ult.), and the probable number of adults, lor whom that balance would provide pas buges, was 7,087. 1,700 persons tonnocted with the building trades havo been Bent out I during the last six months, bearing a propor- tion of 18.05 per cent, to other emigrants. The resignation of Dr. Hinds, Bishop of Norwich, having thrown another appointment info the hands of Lord Palmerston, his Lord- ship has exercised the same judgment in the nomination of tho new Bishop, as he did ia tho caßo of the other appointments to the Episcopal Bench. The Hon. and Rev. J. T. Pelham, a brother of the Earl of Chichester, has been named to the vacancy. Mr. Pelham, ¡being known as a zealous adherent of the evangelical party, his elevation has causad I much dissatisfaction among the High Church or Puseyito party. Lord Shaftesbury, who gets the credit of being Lord Palmerstou's ¡conscience-keeper on ecclesiastical mattera, is blamed by the St. Barnabas class of worship- ers for undue interference, while the Evan- gelicals rejoice that a nobleman who has such Bound views of religious truth has so much An Episoopal Commission has just been appointed to inquire into the several dioceses of London, Canterbury, Winchester, and Rochester. Opinion seems divided as to who is to be Speaker of the House of Com- mons. The three moat prominent names aro the Right Hon. M. T. Bainos, Mr. E. Denison, and Mr. Walpole. The j Ministerial choice will lie betaveen the two < first named. Mr. Baines is much respected by all classes of politicians, and his nomina- tion would probably cause the least amount of opposition ; but he is near-sighted, and that would be a great hindrance to the effi I clent discharge of the duties of an office, (where so much'depends upon catching the /eye of anxious orators, between whom and the chair significant glances aro interchanged. Mr. E. Denison is younger than Mr. Baines ; and, in addition to every mental requisite, ia the possessor of thoso Imposing physical I qualifications which arc, if not absolutely I necessary, at least highly desirable in the first i Commoner of England. Mr. Baines, being I already in office, would be lost to the Govern- ment, were he appointed. So the chances are ia favour of Mr. Denison. Mr. Walpole ia the opposition candidate. The Morning Chronicle, with much naivete', suggests that Lord Pal- merston should make to his opponents the graceful concession of appointing the Conser- vative nominee. Serious apprehensions of a murrain among tur cattle aru entertained. There havo boon several cases of sudden death In large farm- steads, and active steps aro being taken to prevent the importation or Bpread of the diseuse. A supplement to the Gazette of .friday week contained an Order in Council iiiohibiting the importation into the United Kingdom of cattle, raw hides, ita, which Fball come from or shall have been in any place within those territories of tho Emperor of Russia, or tho King of Prussia, or of tlia Grand Duko of Mecklenburgh Schwerin, which aro in or border the Gulf of Finland «ir any other part of the Baltio Sea ; and also all cattle, &c;, no matter where coming from, which shall have been on board vessels at the same time as cattle above described. The effect of this order will be to raiso the price of meat and leather-high enough already in til conscience,-the latter article, especially, has been during tho last twelve months, gradually increasing in value. Some book- binders who entered into contracts for calf binding find it cheaper to execute their orders in morocco. Calfskin Is rendered scarce and dear by the prevailing fashion in ladies' loots-those articles of dress being now made, instead of, as formerly, partly of cloth, entirely of leather. It is interesting to trace iho working of cause and effiect ;-a change iu the style of ladles' boots makes our book- binders lose by their contracts. A telegraphic despach from Berlin an- nounces that "all the Danish Minister tendered their resignation to the King on tho 8th inst. The crisis is said not to have been brought about by any foreign influence." There are still rumours in Paris of much discontent, and of secret plottings against the life of the Emperor. It is well known that several political societies exist; and their existence and growth defy the ac- tivity of the police, who, although constantly making arrests, cannot gain the source of the mischief. On the afternoon of the 14th inst. the Queen was safely delivered of a Princess-her uinth child ! Australia is, doubtless, sufficiently loyal to rejoice at an event which increases the domestic happiness of our beloved Sove- reign, and which tends to the security of a throne,--the occupier of which knows so well bow to discharge the numerous and delicate duties involved in such an exalted sptiore. The several bulletins subsequently issued re- port that her Majesty and the infant Prlncoss are progressing favourably. The non-arrival of the Oneida at Suez is causing considerable fear for her safety ; and, notwithstanding the many hypotheses daily put forward accounting for her delay, yet a reference to that unerring barometer in such cases- Lloyd's - unmistakeably shows that both merchants and underwriters are seriously alarmed. During the early part of last week Insurances were effected on her gold at from 10 to 15 guineas per cent.-at the end of the week 20 guineas were taken. The arrival in this country of the mails Irought from Australia by the Simla has sa- tisfactorily demonstrated, not only the practicability of the overland route, but the advantage in point of speed, of that direction over the old long sea-voyage route. We are now within fifty days' communication with JVelbourne, the intelligence whence to tho 15th February being telegraphed iu London on the 4th inst. from Marseilles, and the mails delivered in London on the 9th-just the con- ti act time, In duly estimating tho spirit and enterprise which "'achieved such a result, It must be horne in mind that this is tho first tiansmission-when arrangements had to be tested and defects discovered ; and, surely, it ib not too much to expect, if the first journey over such a varied track was performed in contract time, it is not only within tho lounds of possibility, but of probability, that Hie peiiod may be still further shortened. When the contract with the European and Australian Mail Company was entered into, the offer of the company was much criticised. Kow that they have Bhown their ability to carry out that which they undertook, they s re entitled at least to the thauks and sup ] oit ofthat numerous class of the community, those interested in our Australian colonies. There is now presented every facility for placing our export and import trade with the antipodes on a satisfactory baria. That hap-kaznrd ttystem by which fortunes were made on one side, and of course lost on the other, need not longer prevail. Regularity and speed, so necessary io a healthy shipping trade, may now obtain and our Australian merchants will drive mere speculators out of the field, and thuB mate- rially and morally boaefit your colonies aud England at tho same time. The Times of Saturday last directs attention tn the capabilities of Australia as a vine giowing country, The now mail arrange- ments will help to develope its resources iu this respect ; und the continued and serious fuilures in the continental grape crops, cause iho belief that England may have to look to you for her wine, as well as for her gold. The intelligence of the energetic steps taken to supersede the services of the ciazy and futile Emigration Commissioners in this country, has given great Batisfac iion, as displaying not only the desire of Victoria to have a portion of our super- abundant bone and sinew, but at the same time evincing that desire in the shape of an ii ctive, intelligent, common-sense commission of her own, The appointment of Mr. Chil- ders and his experienced assistants will secure for the colony a constant Bupply of the right description of emigrants, who, encouraged by having presented to them a fair field and no favour, will bo induced to take the omigrout's initiatory step, which, it is well known, the routine red tapism of the existing system hut too often detened them from taking. Tho rural districts of Scotland, if canvassed, will supply any number of agricultural labourers, while the towns of both England and Scot- land (particularly of the latter) will willingly contiibute an unlimited number of artisans, The Canadas present many enticoments, The distance is comparatively short, the passage cheap, and communication oasy ; con- sequently emigration from the rural parts of Scotland, has hitherto mostly been in that flircction; but were tho advantages of Aus- tralia placed iu juxta-position with those of the Canadas, there is little doubt that tho former would got her share. In a matter of Euch vital importance to a colony au ""p securing of the mon and ro:;mfin wim ñT tn people ft, somo IltWj e⧀ ï^rely^orthy of yeing mano ; an(j tnerc jB now evory rea8on ¿0 Äv-e Cunt Mr. Childers will make that effort, ana ..nat Australia will reap the reward of her promptitude and decision. , The intelligence just brought from Arno rica is to the effect, that Lord Napier had Been m communication with the Govern- ment of the United States upon the China ouestion, and that the result of his efforts silthough not definitely known, was supposed to be anything but favourable to the forma- tion of a tripartite alliance of England France, and the United States for the protec- tion of mutual interests, and the extension of commerce and civilisation in the Celestial umpire. A wholesale defection from the army of Walker has loft the Filibuster in a desperate condition. The deserters, who were iospitably received by the authorities of costa Rica, had sont an address to thoir com ? panions who still remained with Walker, warning thom of what they might expect irom their incompetent and despotic master, inducing thom to follow thoir example, and promising them a friendly reception from tha Costa RicauR. A correspondent of the Globe states that ihe amnesty, which the Emperor of Austria 3s to grant to Hungary, is to be of the most complete description. All the commanders of the Hungarian war (with the exception of Kossuth) will be allowed to return to their native land, It is, however, questionable xvhetherthis concession will be taken advan- tage of. Various rumours are in circulation iegard 3ng_ tho concentration ofsuch a body of troops »s is now in French Algeria, An aggresslvo txcurston in Kabylla seems to be contem- plated. The celebrated Russian General Todtloben, whose engineering skill was so successfully cvincod during the siege of Sebastopol, is now ïieiug " lionized" in Paris, .in which capital the Grand Duke Constantine ÍB shortly ex- pected, on his way to London, where he will arrive probably towaids the end of May. The diplomatic quarrel between Austria and Sardinia has ended, or is about to end in meiu words. Tho former Power is too well ?watched by England, Franco, and Russia, te attempt anything like a military displaj ugainsl her weak, but spirited neighbour. 'Plu young King of Oude, and his retinue aim a uunicrousand fashionable party were en1 teitained at the Mansion House by the Lord Mayor on Monday evening. The numbei una brilliancy of the diamonds on the eos turne of hisfHighness daazlud the spectator? A subscription, to avhich laige sums havi lieen contributed, has been started in Loudou for the purpose of contributing toivards tilt aeliefot Russian Finland. Great destitution being experienced by many of tho inhabitants in consequence of the loss of their last year'« crops. It is feared that death from starva^ «on will ensue to numbers unless prom.pl measures bo taken to aveit the calamity The subscription is headed by the Bothschildi the Baringa, and the Sturges. each of which firms gives haudsomoly. 