Sales by Auction. 0 THIS DAY. | To the Clothiers and Storekeepers of Melbourne, Gee long, and the Mining Districts. Highly Important and Extensive Sale of 105 Packages Men's First-class Clothing. J J LYONS and CO have been he Bored with Instructions from the importers to submit to totally unreserved competition, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke street, on Thursday, 1st October, at eleven o'clock prompt, 166 packages clothing, comprising g- t Millers' mole trousers, stitched and taped, whole falls and fly fronts Silver drab, do, do, do Bedford cord trousers, fly fronts and silk lands Dark mixed, do, do, do Fancy doe trousers, fly-fronts and silk bands Angora doe do, fly-fronts and silk bands Fancy angola, embroidered, Bido fly fronts and silk cords Shepherd's' plaid trousers, fly fronts and silk bands Black cloth trousers, fly fronts and silk bands Blue serge and Yankee grey shirts Mixed doo sac jacket, bound and silk sleeve lining)! Angola two red do do, bound and silk sleeve linings Shepherd's' plaid do do, bound and silk sleeve I B linings Black cloth do do, bound and silk sleeve linings White drill and duck trousers, whole falls and fly fronts Black cloth vests, to button high, bound Shepherds' plaid do, do, do Shepherd's' plaid sac jacket suits, silk sleeve . linings Angola the cod do, silk sleeve linings Fonc., angola do, silk linings Mixed nabob cloth do, silk sleeve linings Drab and mixed lustre jumpers j Shepherd's' plaid and mutton Jumpers And a variety of other fashionable clothing adapted to the present and approaching , seasons Terms Under 100, cash ; above that sum, approved bills at three months, or an allowance for cash, was NB No Reserve. 8280 J AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. Postponement of Sale LYONS and CO. beg to inform the public the sale of unredeemed pawnbrokers' pledges belonging to Mr. Croft Is unavoidably postponed from Saturday next until Monday, 6th inst. _ 3102 as " MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER " Pawnbroker's Unroo corned Pledges J LYONS and CO. have received in structions to sell without reserve, at the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke street, on Mon- Ray, fit h inst, at eleven o'clock promptly An extensive assortment of unredeemed pledges, belonging to Mr. Joseph Croft, pawnbroker, Nos, 21 and 28 Little Bourke street west, comprising Gold and silver watches of every description Diamond rings, brooches, and pins Colonial gold rings Jewellery in every variety Saxe horn, by Dlstln Cornopean, by Pask Musical and surveyors' Instruments Guns and pistols Ladies' and gentlemen's wearing apparel And a great variety of miscellaneous property. Terms Cash No Reserve 2252 Bop 20 cent 1 2-3 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. To Stationers, Ironmongers, and General Dealer s t J LYONS and CO. will sell by if auction, at the New Commercial Sales Room, F Bourke street, on Friday, 2nd inst, at twelve, o'clock prompt, I 20 cases assorted merchandise, consisting of Note and Letter paper Loco note paper Plain and loco envolopoB I . PlayIng cards 140 gross magnum bonum pond, in 1 dozen boxes 100 gross carpenter's' square pencils 3 cases cutlery, including Pen and pocket knives, of all kinds Sportsmen's knives Vn Razors, In cases : ski, White handled razors 'as' PiStols Wire dish covers Shower baths Sponge do Teapots * Trays and waiters t Camp washStands Water jugs Dressing cases t And a i variety of useful furnishing ironmongery. BE Also, W 3 Illida, assorted ornaments Terms Cash No Reserve. 3402 AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE To Merchants, Storekeepers, and the Trade of Melbourne J LYONS and CO. have the . honor to announce that the extensive alterations on their promises are now completed, and that the improvements effected have been carefully arranged with a view to admit of increased facilities for storage and the reception and sale of every class of A are able merchandise. J L. and Co avail thomson os of this opportunity to tender their thanks to the merchants and shop gg keepers of Melbourne for the permanent patronage extended to him, and to assure the public that it will be of s bo thorium by uniformity of dealing between vendor and purchaser to secure that success which has always characterised the management of these sale rooms. The constant transfers and valuations of land and house property, We, passing through their hands * enable the proprietors at all times to furnish their constituents with the current value of every description fe of property Advances to any amount immediately made on an \- totees and goods placed in their care for sale, and the terms of Sale will always he conducted most fe liberal terms. NB. J. L. and Co In conclusion, beg to observe, that all EL Roods stored with them for sale are fully Insured from 1- damage by the 2000 life TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. life Large and important Sale of One Hundred and Six. Packages now Goods, just landed from the White b Star, and other late arrivals, Ly To be Sold without Roson e, Rfc By JAMES WADE, Drapery Auctioneer. EP Silks and Ribbons j Fancy Dresses and Cashmeres. _. , Ladies' Underclothing. * Muslin Goods. gat Prints, Calicoes, Slops, So. it To Warehousemen, Drapers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers and Buyers for the Gold fields * > T WADE of Wade and Gowan, has ft) * been favored with Instructions from the im kgs porters to sell by auction, at- his mart, 80 Collins T street east, on Tuesday 18th Inst, commencing at eleven fe. o'clock, |* 4"? The following choice assortment of goods, imported §f expressly for the wants of the market pr Black ribbon velvets . Colored ingram sky and cerise do so t Fancy white and watered lutestring ribbons & > Mandarin Silks 2s Rich satin robes F" Moire antique parasols is Very rich satin figured parasols v. Claremont parasols, ivory handles "I Rich poplin dresses r Diamond check silks I. Striped glade ' Flounced silk robes Loco collars and chemisettes fe Children's fancy alpaca dresses Black satin handkerchiefs m. Rich white cashmere shawls W Fine cambric handkerchiefs Circassian cloths, for mantles Ladles' drab cloth summer mantles Damask Cloths j Boxes French flowers and feathers Ladies'hoad dresses, dec. Or ental ribbons Black embossed ribbons French kid gloves Printed muslin robes Tarlatans and net Ladies' white and grey continue rival stays Ladles' French were do Childrens white corded bands Children's white and drab hats, trimmed Straw and rice bonnets Silk and satin bonnets, trimmed Ladies' moire antique mantles Union damasks Bleached union huckaback Bleached linens Victoria worsted covers a Drab and colored table covers Colored Coburgs Black moreons 7-8 chintz furniture prints White ground madder prints Hojlesya plates j Printed druggoting Ladies'' white cotton hose Children's cotton socks Infants' hoods and cloaks Men's brown cotton half hose Do cotton pants and he. eats Do lambswool shirts Do white dress shirts Do regatta shirts Do superioress trousers Do black cloth trousers Do shepherds' plaid suits Boys' tweed Bulti Do and youth's' cord and mole trousers Gent's fancy) doe coats Do silk and cloth vests , Do alpaca coats and vests. The attention of country storekeepers is particularly called to this extensive sale. No Reserve im- Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale 3397 j ?"""" PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Capitalists, Merchants, and Builders. Valuable Properties in Geelong. FBIGWOOD and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, on an early day, of which due notice will be given, All that piece or parcel of land having frontage of 105 foot to Moorabool street, by 09 foot to Myers street, with the buildings erected thereon n. This land is a corner allotment, and being situated in the loading, Meet of Geelong, offers a first-rate opportunity for the investment of capital. Also, I All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage of i £5 feet to Yarra-street, by a depth of UOJbet to Ryrie street ; together with the I Large Iron Store, Brick Cottage, and other Buildings. I This land is also a corner allotment, and offers great I advantages to those requiring first-class business pro- imiBOS. to suit purchasers, the several properties will be subdivided into lots, particulars of which will be noted in future advertisements. \- Terms liberal. 198 oct 3 at, a & felix.. ' "If BfüOB 117 Junction. THIS DAY. r~3l£W00D and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 250 firkins butter. \---informs at Sale. 160 not 1 THIS DAY. FBIGWOOD and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 200 barrels American flour. Terms at Sale 150 oct 1 THIS DAY. -1 FBIGWOOD and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 20 tons Adelaide flour 28 do Launceston do, guaranteed. Terms at Sale. 167 oct 1 THIS DAY FBIGWOOD and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 2,100 bushels Irish oats, ex Dragoon, new land inf. Terms at Sale. 202 oct 1 THIS DAY ' BIGWOOD and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 8,000 bushels oats, ox Cairnsmore Terms at Sale 203 oct 1 " THIS DAY. Rodgate's Hams and Cheese. FBIGWOOD and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 60 cases Redgato'u North Wilts choose 80 do hams. Terms at Sale 165 oot 1 THIS DAY. FBIGWOOD and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 10 Queen-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock sharp, 600 bushels wheat 300 do maize Terms at Sale 201 not X THIS DAY. FBIGWOOD and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 200 boxes Russian sperm candles, 1-lb. packets. ,_]_158 oct 1 -» THIS DAY. Candles ex Bosphorus. FBIGWOOD and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 10 Queen-street, call Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock sharp, 1,000 boxes N ). 1 Price's Belmont candles Guaranteed. Terms at Sale. 100 oct 1 THIS DAY. Household Furniture. is Pianoforte. FRASER and COHEN are instructed JL to sell by auction, at the residence of Dr. Wilmot, Apsley-place, Collingwood, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, Ihowholoof the household furniture, comprising Pianoforte Bookcase Tables. Chairs Chests drawers Bedsteads Washstands Sofas Mirrors Ornaments Carpets Rugs Glassware Crockery Kitchen utensils, c Terms at Sale. 77 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. First-Class City Property. By Order of the Trustees in the Estate of Mr. Frederick Cooper. Bourke-street. William street. Flinders-street. Prahran. FRASER and COHEN have re ceived instructions from the trustees in the estate of Mr. Frederick Cooper to sell by auction, In a few days, due notice of which will be given, The following valuable first-class city property Two three-story houses and ground In Bourke street One house, do do Cooper's bonded stores, William-street Fourth share of water works in Flinders-street Cottage and ground in Argyle- street, Prahran, to he disposed of in the following lots, viz. : No. 1, All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, situated in the city of Melbourne, and being part of allotment No. 10 of section No. 6 of the said city, commencing at the north-west corner or angle of the said allotment, and running easterly thirty eight feet eight inches, and bounded on or towards the north by Bourke-street, then running southerly in a line at right angles to the last line one hundred and twenty feet, and bounded on or towards the east by other part of the said allotment No. 10, then running westerly in a line at right angles to the last line nineteen feet four inches, and bounded on or towards the south by a road or way of fourteen feet wide, then running further southerly ina line at right angles to the last Uno fourteen feet, and bounded on or towards the case by the terminus of the said road or way of fourteen feet wide, then again running easterly In a line at right angles to the last Uno thirty eight feet eight inches, and bounded on or towards the north by the said road or way of fourteen feet wide, then running southerly in a line at right angles to the last last line sixty-five feet six inches, and bounded on or towards the east by a road or way of sixteen feet wide then running westerly in a line at right angles to the last Uno fifty-eight feet, and bounded or towards the south by another road or way of fourteen feet wide, and other part of the said allotment No. 10, and then running northerly one hundred and ninety-nine foot six inches, in a line at right angles to the last Uno home to the commencing point, and bounded on or towards the west by part of allotment No. 17 of section No. 0 aforesaid. Together with the buildings erected thereon, comprising two first-class three- story brick and stone houses, situate in Bourke-street, opposite the Scottish Hotel, and in the occupation of Messrs. Symons and Co., at £800 per annum. No. 2. All that piece or parcel of Land, situate, lying and being in the city of Melbourne, parish of Melbourne, county of Bourke, and colony of Victoria, being part of allotment 10 of Section No. 0, commencing at a point on the northern boundary line of the said allotment, thirty-eight feet eight inches east of the north w eastern angle thereof, bearing from Bald commencing point in a Uno further easterly nineteen feet four inches, and bounded on or towards the north by Bourke-street, thence a line of the angles to the last line bearing southerly one hundred and twenty feet, and bounded on or towards the east by a road 1 or way sixteen feet wide, thence in a line at right angles to the last line bearing westerly nineteen foot four inches, and bounded on or towards the south by a road or Way fourteen feet wide, thence in a line at right angles to the last Uno hearing northerly one hundred and twenty feet home to the point of commencement, and bounded on or towards the west by other part of the Bald allotment; together with the premises erected thereon, and in the occupation of Mr. M Masters at 180\. per annum. This property joins No. 1. Not. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the City of Melbourne, parish of North Melbourne, County of Bourke, and Colony of Victoria, being part of allot ment number nine of section number thirty-one of the said City, commencing at the south-east corner or angle of the said allotment, bounded on the east by Wllliam-street, in a line bearing northtwonty-slxdTeot, on the north by other part of the said allotment is a line at right angles with the last line bearing w eat one hundred feet, on the west by a road or way twelve feet wide in a line at right angles with the last line, bearing south twenty-six feet, and on the south by part of allotment number eight in a line at right angles with the last line bearing east one hundred feet home to the commencing point. Together with all the buildings erected thereon, comprising all those first- class stores known as Cooper's Bonded Warehouse No. 4. All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, situated in the county of Bourke and parish of Prahran, near Melbourne, being part of Allotment C. of portion No. 68, commencing at a point on the southern boundary line of the said Allotment O, 325 feet east from the south-west corner or angle of Bald Allotment O, bounded on the south by part of Allotment D, in a line bearing east 60 feet, on the east by other part of Bald Allotment O, conveyed to one Maurice Atkin. Harte, is a line at right angles with the last line, bearing north 200 feet on the north by a road or way 45 feet wide, called Argyle-street (twenty-five feet whereof is reserved out of said Allot- ment C and 20 feet out of Allotment B) in a line at right angles with the last line, bearing west 50 feet, and on the west by other part of said AIM monto, conveyed to ono-Wood, in a line at right angles with the last line bearing south 200 feet, home to the commencing point aforesaid. Together with all the buildings erected thereon, comprising a galvanised corrugated Iron cottage No. C. All that the full and equal one fourth part or share of and in all that piece or parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the City of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, being part of allotment No. 1, in block No. 6, bounded on the south, commencing at the south-west corner or angle of the said allotment by FUndorj Street, being a line bearing east sixty-six feet, on the east by other portion of the Bald allotment, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing north sixty feet ; 011 the north by other portion of the said allotment, being a line at right angles to the last line, bearing west sixty- six feet and on the west by Elizabeth street, being a line at right-angles to the last line, bearing south sixty feet to the commencing point ; and of and in all buildings, steam-engine, Unka, pipe, plant, and machinery erected and put upon the said piece or parcel of land or some part thereof. These premises are held for the residue of a term? of 15 years to be computed from the 8th July, 1810. Terms and further particulars on application to Messrs. FRASER and COHEN, Auctioneers, 889. """"" FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER, -says Zinc Glazed Windows. Europe Rope FRASER and COHEN will sell by aucto D, at the Hart, on Friday, 2nd lost at eleven o'clock, 10 coils of rope, 8 to 6 Inches, about three tons SOO sine-glared windows, to x 87 to 86 x 24. germs at Sale._8808 FRIDAY. 2nd OCTOBER. I On Account of Whom It' May Concern. INHABER and COHEN will sell by auction, at the Hart, on Friday, 2nd inst., It eleven o'clock, , On Account of Whom It May Concern, 17cascBof galvanised corrugated iron. ' Terms Cash. 3308 Sales by Auction. FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. ?:.?-", ' Dog-Carts. % Spring-Carts. Carriage Lamps. FRASER and COHEN will sell by auction, at the Mart, on Friday, 2nd instant at eleven o'clock, 1 dog cart, lamps, c, complete 1 Newport Pagnel oats 2 spring-carts 14 pairs carriage lamps, various. Terms at Sale. 3398 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. COn Account of Whom It May Concern. "FRASER and COHEN will sell by JL auction, at the Mart, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, On Account of Whom It May Concern, 42 boxes note's Belmont candles 3 cases Volckmnn's Mb. jams Tel ins- Cash. 898 MONDAY, 5th OCTOBER. American Clocks. , Do Chairs. Lobsters. Hollowwaro. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to sell by auction, at the Mart, on Monday 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, " M under M, 0 cases Doi in eight-day timepiece 1 do do three-day mund do 39 do one and eight day clocks 7 do peg arm high chairs, 20 dozen 5 do 18-inch cane stools, 20 do 12 do cane chairs, 20 do 12 do 1-lb. lobsters. Also, 10 hilda, hollow-ware, comprising Tinned saucepans and covers Oval pots tinned tea-kettles. Terms at Sale, 38 THIS DAY. Split Peas. Currants. W M. TENNENT and CO. will Y Y sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins] street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, J 9 tons split peas I do now currants 27 boxes sperm candles 2 cases paste blacking, each 100 boxes 6 sides Cumberland bacon. Also, 6 tons rice. Without Reserve Terms at Sale. 3811 THIS DAY. Candles. To Storekeepers, Grocers, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. are instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve] o'clock, < 160 boxes French sperm candles, each 20lbs 100 do do do do, do do. Terms at Sale 3276 THIS DAY. Vinegar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. W M. TENNENT and CO. are] Tis instructed to sell by auction, at their rooms Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve] o'clock, 60 cases Whybrow's quart vinegar, 1 doz. each 60 do do do, 2 do 60 do East's do, 2 do 60 do do pint do, 4 do. Terms at Sale. 838 ~" THISTDAT; Post-card. WM. TENNENT and CO. while sell, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Thurs! day, 1st inst, at twelve o'clock, 5 bales pasteboard. Terms at Sale 3417 ~ THIS DAY ~ Now Sultana Raisins, To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W M. TENNENT and CO. will TYE sell by auction, at their rooms, on Thursday, 1st inst., at twelve o'clock, 80 cases, fine now Sultana raisins, in 28 and 68 lbs tins. 1 Terms at Sale. 3417 by THIS DAY; Geneva. Candles. Flour. Jams, c. ; W M. TENNENT and CO. will sell T T by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st Inst., at twelve o'clock, 30 cases English jams, each 3 doz. 6 do, each 40 boxes, new figs 86 boxes candles, 25 lbs. each 4 tons Adelaide flour lOpockotshops 7 casks blacking, each 150 doz. 80 cases Geneva, anchor brand 9 casks Baird's ale, 4 doz. each Terms at Sale. 3417 THIS DAY, Champagne. Bittors. Bottled Stout. WM. TENNENT and CO. will] a four by auction, at their rooms. Collins street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 120 cases champagne, 1 doz. each 95 do Stoughton's bitters 14 casks bottled stout, each 4 doz. Terms at Sale. 8330 THIS DAY. Bottled Ale and Porter. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, Publicans, Dealers and Others. We M. TENNENT and CO. have received Instructions from the importers] to (sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 800 casks Aspinall's bottled ale and porter, 4 dozen each. Now Landing, Terms at Sale. 3330 *"' THIS DAY. Candles. Choose. Salmon. J W M. TENNENT and CO. are in-J | M . structed to sell by auction, at their rooms] Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 41 boxes sperm candles, each 28 lbs. 7 do American do, each 33 lbs. 10 cases North Wilts cheese 7 casks, each 00 tins, 2 lbs. salmon 40 boxes carriage candles. Terms at Sale. 3830 THIS DAY. Corrugated Iron Store WM. TENNENT and CO. are in structed by the importer to sell by auction at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, A corrugated Iron store, 60 feet by 20 foot. It has two counting-houses at one end, and double gateway entrance at the other end, and may be seen at the stores of Messrs. J. B. Were and Co. Further particulars may be had on application to the auctioneers. Terms at Sale., 3275 THIS DAY. paper. Paper. To Paper Dealers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, For Unreserved Sale. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, BW in diamond, 40 bales brown paper, from large to small 20 do blue and purple shop paper . 60 do printing paper, double demy and nearly double crown, double foolscap, and demy 600 reams cap paper, grocers' and drapers' cap 100 do colored paper, double duty and double! crown 200 do folio and quarto post, cream laid 60 do Surface colored double demy 3 tons bags, assorted 8 cases cards, large, small, and colored. Terms 100. and under, Cash ; above that sum, 25] | per cent, cash, balance by approved bills at three months. Catalogues may be obtained us, that nunn up the auctioneers. No Reserve 8099 THIS DAY. To Builders, Contractors, House Decorators, and '" ''' . ' Others. 1 Splendid Lot of Plate-glass, Now Landing Ex Sarah Dixon. WM. TENNENT and CO. have, . received instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 20 cases polished plate-glass, now landing, and con-] sisting of 4 cases, each containing 8 sheets, 72 x 86 4 do, do do, 72 x 42 do, do do, 72 x 48 4 do, do do, 30 x 40 2 do, do do, 880 2 do, do do, 84 x 42. Terms at Sale, 81 THIS DAY. Pickles. Stewed Salt. Et" M. TENNENT and CO. have re T V e ceived instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 50 cases Bull's pickles, all faults 30 tons fine stood salt, in bags Of 200 lb?. 10 do. fine Liverpool salt Terms at Sale. , 330] THIS DAY. Vinegar. M- TENNENT and CO. will sell] as by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, "' . , 1st October, at twelve o'clock, ' , USSR Chamber''' viotPr! No' 9 cwh H W 50 cases do do do, each 2 dozen of 20 do do do do, bottled by Wyatt and Co. J Terms at 'Sale". 8276 THIS DAY. Oats. To Stortkoopers,Qtilvei7 Stable Eoepon, Dealers, and Others. I WM. TENNENT and CO. have received instructions to sell by Auction, at their rooms Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October) at twelve o'clock, J 2.000 bushels prime Scotch oats, * terms' Sale. Katiti Sales by Auction THIS DAY. case Martell's Brandy. Hennessey's Do. WM. TENNENT and CO. have ._".rccolvcd Instructions to sell by auction, at their room?, Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 10 lilies. Martell's dark brandy 16 do Hennessey's do. Guaranteed a Genuine Shipment, and to he Sold. -Terms at Sale 3275 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. will sell at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday, 2nd Inst at twelve o'clock, 19 barrels pork 50 firkins butter 4 bags Bolt 3 cases pepper sauce 8 do strawberry syrup 2 do lemon do 2 do champagne cider 2 barrels crushed sugar 1 box pipes 146 doz. DIL US. round pointed shovels 6 do do do square do do ,<» 1 coll Manilla rope '<" 4 boxes zinc plates. Terms at Sale. 8417 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. American Buggy. Side Saddles. W M. TENNENT, and CO. have 'i . received Instructions to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, 1 American buggy, with harness complete 1 gentleman's saddle 2 ladies' side saddles. Terms at Sale 8417 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. Thirty Acres Land, Part of Section 18, Parish of Warrandyte. To Capitalists, Farmers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received Instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday, 2nd October, at twelve o'clock, 2 Thirty Acres of good agricultural land, being the remainder of the unsold allotments of Section 18, parish of Warrandyte. A portion of" this land is well timbered, and the whole is fenced on one side. This property is situated about three miles from the Ander son's Creek Diggings. The remainder of the section has been sold, and is now settled by the proof melons. Terms at Sale. 322 MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. For the Benefit of All Concerned. _ Sold by Order of the Underwriters. W M. TENNENT and CO. are in li . structed by the Underwriters to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins- street, on Monday, 6th October, at twelve o'clock, The schooner ROSEBUD, *. as she now lies stranded, near Mount Eliza, in the Port Phillip Bay, together with all the tackle, gear, &e;, now on board. Further particulars can be learnt on application to the auctioneers. Terms Cash. 3811 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SOO Cases Salad Oil, Pints. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by O auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 600 cases salad oil, pints. Terms at Sale 3363 THIS DAY. To Bakers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Twenty Tons First Quality Adelaide Flour. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 20 tons first quality Adelaide flour, guaranteed. Terms at Sale. 333 THIS DAY. To Speculators, Persons Seeking Investments and Others. Valuable City Property. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Thursday, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage of 60 feet to right-of-way leading from Little Bourke street by a depth of 65 foot to another right-of- way leading into Little Bourke-street, and situate nearly opposite the Victoria Hotel. Together with Two brick-built cottage, cont lining two rooms each. Also, a two-roomed weal her board cottage, was erected on the above piece of land and producing a very good in tal. Title First-rate. _ Terms Easy, Declared! at gale 3350 THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, Dealers, and Others Extensive Sale of Wines, Spirits, Beer, Pte. SYMONS and PERRY will ae 1 by K? auction, at the Commercial 'Sales Room, on I Thursday-, 1st October, at twelve o'clock, 27 hhds. sherry ' 70 qr-casks do 734 cases claret, 1 dozen each 1,000 do old tom, li! seen each (papers i, brand) 600 do do, do (Swaine, Boord, and Co.) 200 do geneva, 4 gallons 800 do do, 2 do 12 hhdS. old tom 37 do brandy, dark 20 qr.-casks do do 100 cases at synth 21 hilda. Scotch whiting 100 cases U. V. pale brandy, 1 dozen, euch 90 hilda. Holt's ale 350 cases and casks Byass's porter, 4 dozen each 60 hhds. Charrington's ale 40 do Taylor, Walker, and Co a stout. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. 3350 i FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. " To refiners, Storekeepers, and Others. Four Cases Price's, Perfumery, Assam ted. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by K ' auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Friday, 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, Without any Reserve, i cases Price's Superior perfumery, consisted g of Esprit de lavender, candles la, kalydor, royal bouquet, rose geranium, machine, curling oil, marrow oil, Permian billin, treble distilled lavender water, Visiting balsam, extract of country, toilet, vinegar, bloom of roses, golden oil, infallible refresher, brochure, macassar oil, reindeer's marrow, bear's grease, cold cream, cosmetics, Peruvian hair- do, extract of roses, pastilles, hairpins, &c.; Tering Cush. 8418 Eau de Cologne Eau de Cologne. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by KJ auction, at the Commercial Sales Royal on Friday, 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, 1 case, SO dozen, Jean Marie Farina eau de cologne. 'forms- Cash. 3418 TUESDAY, 18th" OCTOBER Important Sale of Valuable Suburban Land known as Murphy'.! Paddock', situate on the Road to Tooiok. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions to sell by public auction, at the Commercial Sales Room, on Tuesday, 18th inst., at twelve o'clock, The following choice allotments of land, viz. Lots 8 iirdO, Each having a from age to the Gardiner's Creek-road of 46 feet 6 inches, by a depth of 150 feet. Lot 6 on a valuable corner lot. Lots 10, 11, 12,13, Each having a frontage of 111 feet 6 inches to the Gar diner's Creek-road by a depth of lOufo't. Lot No. 10 Is a corner lot. Lot 16. A very valuable corner allotment, having a frontage of 40 feet 6 inches to the Gardiners Ci cult road, by a depth of 150 feet along a load 62 feet 6 inches wide, leading to the river Yarra Yarra. Lots 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, and DI. Each having a frontage of 50 feet to a road 52 foot 8 inches wide, loading into the Gardiner's Creek-road, by a depth of 139 feet 6 inches. Lots 108,10", 110, 111, 112,113, and 111, Each having a frontage of 60 foot to a load his foot 6 inches wide, leading to the Gardiner's Creek-road and the Yarra Yarra, by a depth ofl39'faet 0 inclion. Lots 04 and 66, 117,118. \- noon heaviness frontage of 50 feet to a rural 62 foot 8 inches wide, leading into the Gardiner's Creek-road, by a depth of 130 feet 6 inches. These are four of the finest allotments in the whole paddock, being situated on the brow of the hill. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale The auctioneers wish to call the particular attention of persons seeking for a plot of ground out of the dust of Melbourne to inspect the above choice allotments previous to the day of sale, and convince themselves of the fact that it is about the best spot out of Melbourne for the erection of villas, being within a short distance of the city, and having a good macadamised road the whole way, and surrounded by some of the most respectable and influential members of the community. For particulars of title apply Thos. Miller, Esq., solicitor, Swanaton- struut._3418 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Notice of Sale of all that Valuable Property, the Blenheim Park Estate, St. Kilda, Corner of Balada va, Chapel, and Nightingale (Govern- ment) Streets, and Fronting Two Government Reserves. 173 Allotments. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, on the ground, on Tuesday, 6th October, at half-past twelve o'clock, The above magnificent estate, the most valuable un- sold large portion of land Till the municipality of St. Kilda. This splendid property has been subdivided into 178 allotments, with frontages to the following streets : 27 allotments, each 30 feet by 350 to Balaclava (Government) Street, CO'foot wide, and a right-of-way. 12 allotments fronting Chapel (Government) street, CC feet, and the Government Reserve, and a right-of way. 29 allotments fronting Nightingale (Government) street, CO feet wide, a Government Reserve, and a right of-way. 64 allotments fronting Marlborough-street, 40 feet wide and a right-of-way. m allotments fronting Rosamond-street, 40 feet MA and a right-of-way who Außöwnoera seem W unnecessary to expatiate upon the value cargo above- described property, as it Kate patent to every OPe that a man Treble and choice spot could not be selected. ', The plans of the property can be obtained from the Auctioneers. The title, is one rome TO front the Crown- " ,.. . ' Terms Liberal-at gold. A um -HI be erected, to a champagne luncheon was no ;. Rydes on the g-'FOu,;d. at twelve o'clock Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. - ' Continuation of Sale, ," Auctioneer's Notice. Important Sale of Drapery. To Drapers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY Y and CO. beg to call the attention of drapers, storekeepers, and others to their important sale of soft goods, silks, AJC, I as advertised for Thursday, 1st inst., at eleven o'clock. Terms Liberal. 830 THIS DAY. Continuation of Sale. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of 240 Packages of Drapery, Manchester Goods, Silks, Clothing, Hats, Bailies, Drugccting, Hosiery, Shirts, etc. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. are favored TV with instructions from Messrs. Michaelis,, Boyd and Co. to sell by auction, at their old mart, 33 Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at eleven o'clock, The following splendid assortment of new goods MM, B under, 3 cases black silks 2 do please do 6 do check do, now styles 8 do fancy do 2 do flounced do 50 do assorted cotton hosiery and fancy goods 4 do cotton braces 1 do merino shirts and cotton pants 10 do fancy regatta shirts 2 do swiss printed fronts 6 do white shirts, linen do 2 do do do boys' fi bales Scotch twill shirts , 4 do blue serge do 2 do grey American do 4 do pi intod muslins, robes and dresses 3 do wh to-ground prints 8 do, each 3 trusses flounced dresses 10 do white-ground and lilac prints 0 do furniture prints 2 do best French kid gloves 0 do petticoats 6 do Swiss work do 2 do cambric handkerchiefs, boxes I do blushed Uren 6 do rough browns 6 do brown and dyed holland 2 do lawns 10 do assorted felt hats 10 do 0-4, 8-4, and 12-4 printed druggets 2 do green baize 10 cases printed wood and marble oil baize 10 do mole trousers 2 do summer fancy drill do 16 do doe and tweed summer trousers 2 do summer coats I do Summer sac coats 4 do Colmey Coburgs 1 bale bunting 10 do 77-inch grey twills 6 do 2-inch do 7 do 2-inch do I do grey duck 10 do best heavy American drill j 6 do assorted ducks, drills, and twills 1 do Manchester Stripes, for verandahs 3 do cotton ticks , ' 4 cases wool steel braids I do gallons, silk fringes, are. 8 do charlatans 1 do linen damask 6 do Swiss cheeks and hair cord. The Auctioneers solicit the attention of warehouse area, drapers, storekeepers, and others to this Important and unreserved sale. The goods have been expressly selected for this market, and of the newest fashions and latest styles, I paid will be found admirably adapted for the coming season. Terms Liberal. Declared at Sale. No Reserve 3270 THIS DAY. 18 Bales and Cocos Hosiery, Summer Dresses, Felt Hats, &c.; To Drapers, Warehousemen, Clothiers, and Others. W EASEY y and CO. « 1! -I by AT auction, at their mart, 83 Collins.-, street west, on Thursday, 1st inst., at eleven o'clock, U, D under, in double triangle, 1 case figured barege dresses, silk figured bayadere du, flounces and tuck, muslin robes, &c.; . JR, S under, 01 to 80-15 cases delaine and large dressers printed coburgs, muslin de rose, organdie and checks, printed cambrics, delaines, bayadere, llama shawls, &c.; 00, 01, 05, 00-4 bales and cases women's and children's muslin and delaine made-up dresses Cashmere shawls, Barege long, bargains robes. &c.; 60 to 02-4 cases printed barege shawls, Jdololnos, women's delaine dresses?, so. 2-1 case 12-inch fancy muslins, 1,050 yards A in diamond, 2 cases men's and women's assorted grey, brown, and white cotton hose and half hour. 8 cases colored felt hats, assorted, kossuth and rushes 8 cases grey cotton half hose, women's white hose, gloves, men's undershirts, grey lambswool half hose, cotton braces, etc All Very Superior goods, and Quito Now. Further Particulars and Terms at Sale. 3305 THIS DAY. 1 CSSR Superior French Kid Gloves. To Haberdashery, Gloves, and Others. W' EASEY and CO. will sell by TV auction, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street, on Thursday, 1st inst., at eleven o'clock, 1 case very superior French kid gloves, assorted colors. The auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of the trade to the above case of gloves, which are landed in perfect order, and will be sold Without Reserve. Terms at Sale. 3305 " THISTXAY; I 1 Case, SOO Dozen, Open-Work Cambric Collars. To Ilabordoshors, Warehousemen, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by " auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street, on 'Thursday, 1st Inst,, at eleven o'clock, Ex Hornet, 1 case, 300 dozen, open-work cambric collars, now style. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 3305 THIS DAY. Two Cases Handsome Parasols. To Drapers, Fancy Warehousemen, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by Ti auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st inst., at eleven o'clock, 2 cases handsome parasols. Terms at Sale. 3305 THIS DAY. 163 Cases American Boots, Fine Quality. To Boot and Shoe Makers, Storekeepers, and Others. Two EASEY and CO.. will sell by Ti a auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street, on Thursday, 1st October, at eleven o'clock, li in diamond, 26 cases, each 12 pairs, double-soled nailed boots 15 do, do 12 do, ouk tops 4 do, do 12 do, full-handed do 12 do, do 12 do, grain Hungarian do 5 do, do 12 do, full-nailed oak-bottom grain do 2 do, do 12 do, what, ALL do 100 do, do 12 do, men's grained Hungarian do. The Above Fine Lot of Books to be Sold Without Reserve, to Close a Shipment. Terms at Sale. 3337 ~ WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER." St Kilda. St. Kilda. Valuable Building Sites in Easuj's Paddock, on the Bench. By Order the Executors. To Fardos in Quoit ofFiuo Building Sites In this beautiful and favorite locality, close to the Beach, within a few minutes' walk of the Railway Station. til EASEY and CO. are instructed TV to sell by auction, at their mart, Collins street, on Wednesday, 7th inst., at eleven o'clock, Lot No. 1. All that piece or land having a frontage of 40 foot to Victoria-road by a depth of 80 foot. Lot No. 2. All that piece of land adjoining Lot 1, with a like frontage and depth. These allotments are situated between Ackland t t cent and the Beach, and are in the Bain o road, and close to the late residence of his Honor the Chief Justice They are finely sltTlato, and command an extensive Wow of the Bay and surrounding country. Full Information given on application in at the mart. Terms at Sale. 395 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. a-" Oats. Oats; . For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern.. W EASEY and CO. have received . Instruction:, to sell by auction, at full Com. porary mart, 84 Collins street west (opposite their old man), on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o clock, 3,000 buthols if Danish oats. Just LauJc I, and in Splendid Condition. Terms at Sale 830 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. 26 Threes FinoiIIams. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by TT auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 Collins-street west (opposite the field mart), on Friday, 2nd Inst., at eleven o'clock, of 26 tierces fine hams. Y The above prices are only Justücnihd, and are in a splendid condition. as Terms at Sale 9 3395 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. X, 100 Tons Coarse Liverpool Salt, v To Storekeepers, Contractors, and Others. were The' E AS IS Y and CO. will sell by Ti auction, at their temporary rooms, 81 Oct Ihs tect west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 100 tons coarse Liverpool salt. Terms at Sale. 3365 FRIDAY," Snu'oOTÖBER. 60 Cases Pickles. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WE ARE Y and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 14 Collins street west (opposite their old mart), on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 60 cases pint pickles. Terms at Sale FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. Marzetti's Ale and Porter, Nicholson's Old Tom, site. To Close Accounts. W EASEY and CO. have received, instructions to sell by auction, at their team can. try rooms, 84 Collins- street west, opposite their old mart, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, 162 casks Marzottl's porter, each i doz. 5 do do ale, each 4 doz. 8 do do porter, pints, each 2 doz, 4 do do do, do, do, 20 hides Nicholson's old 1 10 do GriSbTti's do de) ..,., 20 quarter-casks TanqUeray's do do. 2 Terms at tjiQ, Ballan by Auction, \- -re. FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. " - 150 Bags Oats. More or Less Damaged. To Stable Keepers, Contractors, and Others. VEASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 GoUus street west (opposite the old mart), on Friday, the Inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex CairnBmoro, 160 bags oats, each 4 bushels, More or loss damaged by sea water, and to be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No Reserve. Terms-Cash. 3305 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. Butter, Mustard, Confectionary. >, To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by TI auction, at their temporary rooms, 36 Collins-street west, opposite their old mart, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, ?' 423 firkins D. R. Cork butter 100 cases mustard 50 do assorted confectionery. No Reserve. Terms at Sale. 3395 MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. To Fancy Warehousemen Ironmongers, Families and Others. Hobby-horses, Toy Parts, Gigs, to, W EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their old mart, 82 Collins-street west, on Monday, 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, P in diamond, S over, L under, 1-1 case containing 6 large hobby-horse, 29 do. toy polls, 46 do clothes-lines 2-1 do do same 8-1 do do 12 medium hobby-horse, 0 doz, mats 4-1 do do rockers for do, 2 doz. mats 5-1 do do 7 rocking-horse, '89 doz. spy polls, 39 doz. clothes-lines 64 do do 9 small rocking-horse, 24 doz, pails, M doz. cotton lines 7-1 do do 0 hobby-horse, 32 doz. toy balls, 45deg. cotton and jute lines L-2 do do 8 side- curtain gigs, 3 do do. No Reserve. 3394 MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. To Private Families, Furniture Warehousemen, Hotel Keepers, and Others. Extensive and Unreserved Solo of One Hundred Pack- ages of Superior English-made Furniture, Just Lauded, In Excellent Order, of Marco Polo and White Star. W EASEY and CO. have received , Instructions from the Importers to sell by auction, at their old mart, 82 Collins-street west on Monday, 6th October, at eleven o'clock, 100 hundred packages of superior English-made furniture comprising Magnificent drawing-room suite, in walnut tree wood, and covered with rich green embossed velvet ; large bold cheffioneer, with plate glass backs and doors, and marble tops ; 100 and card tables to match. Also, 20 mahogany loo tables 20 do, with handsome star tops 16 large easy chairs, covered with morocco 12 handsome mahogany extending dining tables 120 mahogany chairs, In morocco and horsehair 20 dozen Cane-seated chairs 60 large-size box and tray glasses 4 splendid easy chairs, in crimson, embossed. velvet 0 massive carved sideboards 50 "double and single horsehair mattresses 12 mahogany couches, in Horsehair Couches and chairs to match In walnut tree wood, and covered in green morocco leather Invoice iron four-post and French bedsteads 20 mahogany bedsteads 20 do towel-horses 20 do washstands, with marble tops. To parties furnishing this sale presents favorable opportunity of purchasing, the furniture being one of the largest Invoices and of the best make for some time offered at auction. The furniture will be on view the day previous to sale Terms at Sale. 3279 WEDNESDAY, 7th OCTOBER. Valuable Farm at East Brighton, (near the Urunga, East Brighton and Little Brighton Hotel, containing 441 Acres of Land, 30 Acres of which are cleared, and 20 Acres under cultivation the whole substantially fenced in. To Newly-arrived Immigrants, Farmers, Small Copra talists, and Others, seeking an Advantageous Investment a Comfortable and Certain Independence. viz EASE by and CO. have received J S e instructions from the proprietor to sell by auction, at their lime. 83 Collins-street west, on lVou nesday-, 7th October, at twelve o'clock. All that capital Farm containing 44 acres of land, 30 acres of which are cleared, and 20 acres under cultivation. Upon this land is erected a four- roomed dwell gig-house, kitchen outside, four-stall stable, hayloft, and two rooms, large barn 62 x 22, stock and stock yards, piggeries, ULU. There is a capital garden of about one acre of ground (closed fences) attached to the house, most part of which is trenched and stocked with fine vines and fruit trees. The farm is substantially enclosed by a post-and-rail fence, and subdivided into five paddocks (Including house and garden), say four cultivation paddocks and Ohio grazing paddock. The Farm is well drained and has been highly cultivated, and a source of great profit to the present owner, who is only leaving an account of being obliged to reside Bathe bush. The site of this farm is admirably situated, being at the corner of the Government roads, one of which is two chains wide, and must become one of the first roads in this part of the country. Distance from Mel- bourne about eight miles, and the farm is close to the Grange and near the East Brighton and Little Brighton Hotels. Upwards of £1,000 has been expended on iroprovtnioiits by the present owner. The land is remarkably good. To Newly-arrived Immigrants and small capitalists, the auctioneers would direct thoirnttontion to be one of this and, as to any hard-working industrious man a certain Independence would bananas! In a few years. the owner being obliged to leave, the farm will be positive!) sold. The crops can be taken at a valuation, or sold with the land and if preferred the farm will be subdivided into 6 or 10 aero ints. Terms-Half-Cash ; residue at 80 9, 12, and 18 months, bearing Interest at 10 per cent. Purchasers are solicited to go and view the farm, and every information given on application to the auctioneers. 3253 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. " To Close Accounts. To Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and CO. have received H e instructions to sell by auction, at their temporary rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd October at eleven o'clock, The following goods, to close accounts : BOO boxes L'rlco's haid export candles 22 cases essence of beef 60 do 2-lb. and 1-lb. mustard CO do thumb blue 80 barrels pearl barley 0 du Cheddar cheese 20 cases mustard 20 do thumb blue 30 barrels currants 20 do Dunlop cheese 1 case wax A sites Also 38 quarter-casks whiskey 100 cases port wine No Reserve. Terms at Sale 3837 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. Condies, Oysters, Stoughton's Bitters. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY y and CO. will sell by H A auction, at their temporary rooms, 34 Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd October, at eleven o'clock, 08 cases Stoughton's bitters 100 boxes adamantine candles 44 cases oysters. Terms at Sale No Roson e. 3361 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. 60 Tons Chilian Flour. To Mer chants, Bakers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by o auction, at their temporary rooms, 36 Collins-street west (opposite the old mart), on Friday, 2nd October, at eleven o'clock, 60 tons Chilian flour, Guaranteed Sound, Sweet, and in Good Order. Terms at Sale. 8301 *"~si ---_ fltttlAY. 2nd OCTOBER, 1,200 Bushels Prime Food Oats. To Livery Stable Keepers and Others s. \r EASEY and CO. will sell by <' auction, at their temporary rooms, 84 Collins direction Friday, 2nd October, at eleven o'clock, 1,200 bushoIB firewood oats, "^......«^_ A Fine Sample/and'to be Sold. "'"" '" ToriUB at Sale. 8801 TUESDAY, 6th OCTOBER. Valuable Household Furniture No. 1 Park Hill-terrace, at the back of Wellington-" terrace, Richmond, and near the residence of W Highett, Esq. To Private Families, Gentlemen, and Others Desirous of Obtaining Really Good Furniture. TEXT" EASE M and CO. have received of a Instruction from the proprietors to sell by auction, at their residence, No. 1 Park Hill-terrace, Hoddle-street east, at the back of Wellington- terrace, Richmond, on TuEday, 6th inst., at twelve o'clock. The whole of Mr J valuable household furniture, consisting of Elegant drawing-room furniture De dining-room do Do chamber do ,?" Pianoforte, engravings, tables Carpets, kitchen utensils. e Full Particulars in Future Advertisements. " . ^TermsatBale_ 8387' WRAY ltÛ OCTOBER., ^~~~. Bros are Patent Portable Furniture. 2'' ' To Furniture Dealers, Private Families, and Others TO EASEY and CO. will sell by the auction, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street on Monday, 5th October, at eleven o'clock, The following assortment of this first-rate maker's goods- " 2 mahogany wardrobes -" 0 do telescope dining-table 1 do vegetable 1 handsome toilet table, with pale green mirror 1 basin stand to enter, marble top 8 dea, best mahogany dining-room chairs 12 patent easy chairs 8 handsome mahogany dining room sofas 2 magnificent sideboards, extra large size, carved The auctioneers beg to call the attention of starting times at me as a "sell' him a'""'. Tem s, at Sale. 83 Sales by Auction. .^MO^AY.SthpOTOBBB."" W EASEY and CawüTsell'by 6th inst., at eleven o'clock, '. a.«mwt»0I1 Moore?, Ex Sea Nymph, n In diamond, ' OF ShOT moz" wood-work chairs 25 do do, Baltimore Cane-seated 10 do, do, Grecian chairs, maple 60 do, do, Baltimore wood-seat chairs. Terms at Sale. The above goods are only recently landed, and are in fine order. , 3395 ' FRiDAY 2nd OCTOBER. - 20 Tons Ceylon Native Coffee To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and CO. will sell by 11 5 .auctlSn;,*t «"ol'tomporary rooms 84 Col Roe-street, on Friday, 2nd October, at elegance. 20 tons Ceylon native coffee. The Auctioneers beg to call the attention if the trade to the above sale of Coffee, which is a flotilla pie, and will be sold as" Terms Liberal. 836 '; k,,, IRON TANKS "-"-'i Y Ex Charles Croaker. 1 Sale at the Railway Terminus, Flinders-street STUBBS and SON will sell by public VJ auction, at the Railway Shed, Flinders, street of Friday 2nd inst., at twelve o'clock, ' 14 Iron water-tanks, from 4 to 600 gallons each Terms at Sale. 839 EARTHENWARE, CHINA, asks-' 40 Packages Now Landing Ex Beatrice STUBBS and SON will sell by public KJ auction, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, October 6th, at eleven o'clock, Gover D P B and Co., 88-87-5 lands. containing bowls and saucors?us> sorted patterns 88-1 had. bowls and saucers, plates, butters one stands, cream jugs, c. 80-01-3 crates soap plates, willow 02-03-2 do dishes, assorted sizes 04-1 crate covered dishes 06-1 do bakers 06-08-3 do chamber sets 00-1 do J uga, covered mustards, whistling birds. c. J 100-105-0 crates chambers, bowls and saucers 100-107-2 do ewers and basins, toy cans, c. 108-100-2 do pudding-howls assorted 110-1 do Sugars, covered jugs, creams, lotions and stands, 7 and 8 Inch plates, bowls, size, cups, c. Hill hhd. very superior china breakfast set. white and gold A 112-114-8 crates jugs, mugs, and toy cans 115-1 do soup tureens 110-110-4 do flat and soup plates, dishes, gravies cover dishes, bakers, soup and sauce tureens! so. 120-121-2 hilda. 7-inch china plates, butter stands. sugar boxes, creams, milk jugs, c. 122-128-2 hhds. bowls and saucers. Terms at sale. 8398 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. """4 Damaged Furniture and Boots. . For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. A (G. M'COMBE- will sell by auction, The In his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, A quantity of damaged furniture 4 cases boots and shoes, To be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Without Reserve 8301 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. " Clearing-out Solo 300 Firkins of Goshen Butter. 100 do. D.R. Cork Butter. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd Inst-, at eleven o'clock, 300 firkins Goshen butter 100 do D.R. Cork butter. To be sold to close a consignment. Terms at Sale 8304 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. Unreserved Sale of 20,000 Small Bags of Table Salt. , AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction, In his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of! Australasia, on Friday, 2nd Inst, at eleven o'clock, 8,000 bags, each 200 lbs., fine table salt 17,000 do, each 4 lbs., do do 300 do, each 10 lbs ; do. do. To be Sold for the Benefit of whom it may concern Without Reserve. 8304 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. 12 Casks Belfast Hams. 4 Do American Do. A few Packngca Block Tea. A G. M'COMBE will sell by auction in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank! of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock 12 casks Belfast hams 4 do American do A few packages block tea. No Reserve. 3304 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. To Grocuisand Country Storekeepers. 31 Cases Valoncl 1 Almonds. 10 Cases Moor c's Chocolate Paste. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction dying his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at clcvonjîo'olock, 88 CUHOB, each aboUt Iba-, Valorous almoners - 3 barrels, each about 3 cwt., do do 6 cases, each 6 J doz., 1 lb. tins, Moore's chocolate' paste 1 case, each 15 doz, A li), tins, do do. Further particulars and Terms at Sale 304 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 80 Casks and Cast s of Splendid Cheese. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auc . tion, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Bosphorus, K in diamond, 12 cases North Wilts cheese 30 cases Cheddar cheese 40 casks Dunlop cheese. All Just Landed and In Splendid Condition. Further Particulars and Terms at Sale. __8304 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. To Furniture Dealers-, and Others. 100 Cases Baltimore Cane Scot Choirs. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bon] all Australasia, on Friday, 2nd met., at eleven o'clock W. R. C. 100 cases, each 4 dozen,.; Baltimore one son chairs. For in s at Solo FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER To Glaziers, Builders, and Others. Unreserved Sale of 30 Cases British Plate Glass, Assorted Sizes. AG. M'COMBE will sell by auction in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 2nd October, at eleven o'clock, in Without the Slightest Reserve, Ex the Mermaid, WB and Co in diamond, g 41-44-4 cases British plate-glass, } inch thick Size 48 x 28 to 40 x 20 46-62-8 do do do, sizes 40 x 24 to 36 x 24 68-60-4 do do do, sizes 38 X 22 to 30 x 20 67-68-2 do do do, sizes 34 x 28 and 64 2s 60-03-6 do do do, sizes 34 x 22 to 22 x 24 04-70-7 do do do, sites 82 x 22 to 28 x 20. All recently landed in splendid condition, and the bold by instructions of the consignee, Without the Slightest Reserve 330 FRIDAY 2nd OCTOBER. Tartaric Acid. Tartaric Acid. arsenic. I? E. BEAVER and CO. will cause to be sold by public auction, at their room : u Friday, 2nd Inst-, at eleven O'clock, 0 kegs tartaric acid 6 cases do do 2 do jars do. After willow 4 casks arsenic. Terms Cash. 2418 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. Rock Salt, Rock Salt. FE. BEAVER and CO. williams to be sold by public auction, at their room Collins-street, on Friday 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock 26 tons rock salt. Terms-Cash. 2410 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. at. Brandy, Whiskey, Geneva. TTkE. BEAVER and CO. will cause S. to be sold, at their rooms, Collins-street, e Freely 2nd Inst-, at eleven o'clock, 10 hhds. brandy 20 quarter-casks do, three star 8 do do, Garonne 14 hhds, whiskey, Grey's Scotch do do do, Biudln's Irish 100 cases geneva. 5 After which, On account of whom it may concern, 12 casks bottled porter. 55 Terms at Sale 2410 » MONDAY, 6th OCTOBER. '" To Hotelkeepers and Others. \- 7 TiorcoH vi iv Handsome China Ware. j Toilet, Dinner, and Breakfast services. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause c to be sold at their rooms, on Monday, 61 Inst., at eleven o'clock precisely, 7 choices very hands mo toilet, dinner, ordered fast services, Trench gilt, very chaste The attention of hotelkeepers and the trade is pi ticularly requested V? the case of s' gave chol Invoice " " 0,1 No Reserve. 2416 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. Night Lights. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause a . be sold by public auction, at their room; Collins-street, on Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o clock 6 cases of night-lights. Mo Reserve. 2410 FRIDAY, 2nd OCTOBER. Clearing Sale of Sundries. FE. BEAVER and CO. will cause a . be sold at their rooms? Collins-street 'last,! Friday, 2nd inst., at eleven o'clock, O 1 large lot of sundries, SE To Close Various Accounts. from s!""?, is Son 0. 'M U ' Ceres Cash. 1 ' ] 