COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. The Argus Office, Wednesday evening. Esport entries were passed to day at the Customs for 7 ounces only of gold. The mail steamship steamed through Port Phillip Heads early this morning with the largest bulk of mails that has left this port I einco the opening of the line by way o' Suez by the present Company. For the second time during a period extending over l8 months, the whole of the Australian colo- nies have received and replied to a mail ia due course. The London correspondence of the 16th April has been received, digested, and replied to ; and should the Australasian make the customary passage to Suez, the replieä despatched via Marseilles will bo delivered ia London on the 3rd AugU6t. Thus a course of post will be, in all probability, completed in 109 days- A few such passages in succession as that of the Emeu, would go far to recover for the European and Australian Boyal Mail Company the prestige that has been gradually diminishing since the irregu- larities caused by the break down of tha Oneida. The prospectus of the National Bank of Australasia, which has been for some time before the public, has recently been issued in an amended form, and accompanied by a list of names on the Provisional Committee which imparts assurance that the institution is fairly afloat. The first steps towards the establishment of this institution were taken at a time unfavorable to joint- stock enterprise. A monetary crisis, altogether unforeseen, caused its inftuenoe to be felt, soon after the piojeot was spoken of, with a rapidity never before experienced in the annals of banking. Now that the course of monetary business has returned to its former channels, the National Bank of Australasia will be launched into existence) with as fair a chance of BUCCOBS as was tha Colonial Bank of Australasia less than two years ago. We are enabled to state that tho National Bank has so far advanced in its movements aa to warrant the Provisional Committee in arranging for the establishment of a London agency, and in authorising tha immediate preparation of a deed of settle- ment. Instructions respecting the former have gone home by the steamer Australasian, Business has been very quiet daring tha day, with bat little inquiry for any descrip- ; tiona of goods. There has been a better country demand for flour, and several small lota of Adelaide have been placed, but without ohange in prices. Bran is of steady Bale, at 2a. 7d. per bushel. By auction, Messrs. Easey and Co. disposed of a considerable quantity of candles and other goods, at the BtoreB of Meßsrs. Dalgety and Co. : Price's Belmont candles sold for 16id.. Ogleby's Bperm, I6gd.; star chamber, 16Jd,J Neva stéarine (imitation), 16£d.; Neva Btearine, 16gd. to 16|d.; St. Petersburg (stamped), 173d. ; Bougie, lá?d.; and No. 1 Belmonts (with all faults), at 15£d. per lb. ; mill-dreesed rice, «£25 10s. to £28 per ton; Cape raisins, bright, but small fruit, 9id. per lb,, invoice weights; pearl! barley, 2Jd. per Ib.; Bplitpeas, 21s.'percwt. mustard in tins, 8Jd. per lb. ; vinegar, 8s. 61 to 9s. per dozen ; curry powder, 17s. 6d. per dozen lb., and 12s. 3d. per dozen half-lb. ; as- sorted sauces, 7s. 6d. to 8B. per dozen; salad oil, half-pints, 6a. 6d. ; pints, 11s. 9d. per dozen A small lot of prime gonda oheese brought l8Jd. "per lb. About 2,380 bogs Mauritins sugar, and 2,800 packages teas, were also ad- vertised for sale at same time ; but nearly tha whole having been previously disposed of by private sale, left a few email lots only of eaoh Bort of goods for disposal. For these foil rates were obtainod, bat the quantities were too Email to quote as market prices. Mr. A. G. M'Combe sold-Old Cork butter, 7d. to 6£d.; daten, 2d. per Ib.; cloves, 9£di par lb.; confeotionery, Old. per lb.; Dunphy 'a stout, 4s. 9d. to Is. 6d. ; soap, £22; Belmont candles, 16Jd. per lb. ; colza oil, 5B. Id. per gallon; oats, Danish, 7s. Cd.; Californian oat», 7B. Cd.; Scotch oats, 8s.; blucher boots, 7s.Gd. to 5B. 9d. per pair ; half wellingtons, 9s. per patt ladies boots, 6s. 6d. to 6s- 9d. per pair ; watos-, lights, 7s. to 7s. 6d. per pair: also an involoa' of fancy paper hangings, comprising pano- ramic scenes, which realised from Cs.6d. to 8s, per sheet; statues, from 8s.9d. to6B.6d.peri figuro ; centrepieces, 83. 8d. to 6a. eaoh centra piece; borders, as. 9d. to 18s. per piece; oil- cloth,- 7B. lOd. per piece; loose corn-sacks, 18a. 6d. per dozen. Messrs. Fraser and Cohen report sales this day of the following city and suburban pro- perties :-66 feet frontage to Collins-street, with house erected thereon, in the occupation Of Dr. Hunter, for £3,520; four-roomed cottage in Nelson-street, and two two-roomed cottages in Albert-street, Windsor, for £600; house and shop at the corner of Johnson and Wellington street, Collingwood, for £205 ; shop and four rooms, and cottage of three rooms, fronting Oxford-street, Collingwood, for £305. By the Black Swan ,we have Tasmanian dates to the 12th instant. We subjoin tha latest market reports : LAUNCESTON, Jane 12.-The Melbourno ad- vices received by thojiïack Swan haye increased the dulnesa which has characterised oar grain market Bince the subsidence of the late specu- lative movement, the fallacious charaotsr cf whioh is now clear. The shipments of oats from Britain during Maroh amount to mora than double those advised hy the mail of that month, and to this faot must be added the very heavy shipments poured into Melbourne from this colony lately, in the belief that but a email quantity was coming forward from herne. The effect has been to produco a per- fect stagnation in the Melbourne market, where it is now impossible to move oats in quantity. Though prices have not oxpo rienced any material alteration they cannot long be maintained, and certainly any imme- diate improvement is not to be looked for. There ÍB nothing doing hore since the arrival of the steomer, and prices ore nominal. Flour, £1G 10a.; wheat, 7s. 3d.; oats, 8s.-Examiner. HOBAB.1! TOWN, Juno 11.-Business has been very quiet throughout the day. Wheat ap- pears tolerably firm at 7s. Od. to 8s" the latter ligure being readily ohtained for good sam- ples. There is a general disinclination to do anything in oats, and in the absence of all transactions it ia exceedingly difficult to arrive at the correct market value, more especially as the Melbourne market 1B in a very unsettled etate as regards this artiole; the only sals to- day was effected at auotlon, when 1,000 buBhels colonial went off at 7s. Cd. per buBliel. The demand for English barley continues good, at 8s. to 8s. 6d. ; a first rate sample obtains occasionally 8s. 9d. Caps barley meeta with very trifling inquiry at tia. to 6s. Gd. Very little is doing in hay, but pre- vious quotations are still maintained, with the exception that country pressed has Blightly declined, not ranging beyond £8; IOOBO hay fetohes from £710s. to £810s. par ton, according to quality, and hydraulic pressed, £9 to"£9 10s. There is an Improved inquiry for potatoes, and a few lots are being Shipped away ; £9 10s. to £10 are the ruling quotations. Onions are extremely scarce. The flour market romains without alteration. Flour from the best colonial wheat is quoted in some quarters from £17 to £18 per ton, ac- cording to quality, and in others at £18 to £19. Bran is in fair demand at 2s. 6d. per Luahel, and sharps also at £10 to £12 per ton. -Mercury. In the Morning Post of the 26th March, we find the annual meeting of tho Directors of tho Professional Life Assurance Company re- ported at length, and reference is made to the business carried on in connection .with the Company in the colony of Victoria. Tho Directora say in their offioial report : The! Directors have to state with much gratification that in the face of a monetary panic which threatened to be a national calamity, of numerous amalgamations among competing offices, and of a general depression in all commercial enterprises, they issued during the past year 504 policies, assuring lue amount of £198,660. ana producing a re- venue of £0,309 19a. 6d. The claims under life policies were against the Company daring the past year, at home and abroad, 35 ia number, and together amounted to £11,195. The Directors, in presenting the balance-sheet, as approved and audited, would call attention to the important reduction effected in the expense of the Company's management, which has been made, as they believe, with- out any diminution of its officiency, and they hopo still farther to rcdace the expenditure. It is proposed that the usual rate of interest at 5 per cent, per annum, free of income-tax, on the paid-up capital of the Company, be paid to the shareholders. The Directors have io inform the meeting-information which they are quite Bare will be as satisfactory to the meeting to receive as it is gratifying to the Directors to communicate-that from che experience they had of Mr. Winter's quali- fications for the office of Secretary it ad Manager, and of the business talent, atten- tion, ana good sense he exhibited in dis- charging its duties while he held it pro len., they have thought it equally due to him and advantageous to the institution to confirm him in the appointment. They feel con- vinced that the selection of Mr. Winter for BO important a position will meet with the concurrence and approbation both of pro- prietors and policy-holders. By removal to their present premises the Directors had realise! a considerable sum for their lease, and effected a considerable annual saving to the share holdere. The Directors in their laBt report briefly alluded to the appointment of Mr. Woods aa the company's manager in Australia. They are now enable to assura the share- holders of a marked aucceBS attending the efforts of that gentleman and hia coadjutors ; the business in that dependency has greatly inoreaBed, a large connection has beon secured, and at the same timo every available precau- tion has been adopted to protect the interests of the Company throughout the colony. Tne mutiny in India arrested the measures about to be adopted for extending the business in that empire ; and they consequently remain' in abeyance- The Directors, In conclusion, would earnestly impress upon all those who are interested in the welfare of the asso- ciation, the importance of their hearty and unanimous co-operation in consolidating the position, and securing the success and pros- perity of the Company. We find in the Empira the following notice of a commercial undertaking entered into between a Mr. Byrne and tho French Govern- ment for the establishment of sugar and coffee cultivation in New Caledonia: Some time ago we mentioned that a com- pany of gentlemen connected with this colony had obtained an extensive grant of land in New Caledonia, with the view of ulti- mately establishing In that island coffee and sugar plantations. The originator of this enterprise, Mr. Byrne, who visited Sydney about two years ago, has recently returned to the colony, and we learn from him somo in- teresting facts in relation to the subject. Mr. Byrne has succeeded in obtaining from the Emperor Napoleon a decree, bearing date February 17, of the present year, by which he and hia coadjutors have ceded to them at once 200,000 ocrea of land stretching across the island, and including a harbor on each coaBt, with the privilege of taking up on easy conditions, from time to time, other land to the extent of 2,000,000 acres. Ona condition of the treaty or contract is, that the company Bhall introduce 1,000 persona for every 1OU.O00 acres of land, it being stipulated, however, that two-thirds of this number may be blacks of any nation indentured to service for not mora than 12 years. Of the one-third whites only 220 need be males, and to each of these the company aro to give 50 acres of land ; or, in other words, they muBt distribute among this proportion of every 1,000 of the immigrants 11,000 out of every 100,000 acres of their territorial possessions. In furtherance of this colonising project, the French Government have despatched a frigate and two sloops of War with officials, and a nnmber of extra ma- rines, to form a land service for the protection of the settlement ; and it is understood that a considerable number of political prisoners will be removed from Cayenne to tne Isle of Pines, to establish a provisioning depot for naval and other purposes. AB a proof of the earnestness with which the Emperor ha3 entered into this scheme of colonisation, a fleet of six iron steamers, of about 120 horse power each, are now building at Marseilles lor the Paclfio station, and the first of them may be expected out in the early part of the year. It is pretty well known that Louis Napo- leon, ever since hia accession to the throne o'. France, has steadily devoted himself to the in- crease of Frenoh commerce. Even his military plans, and the exigencies of war, have never induced him to lose sight of thia darling pur- pose. At the present time he is preparing for the establishment of four grand lines of ocean steamers, to connect the foar great seaports of Marseilles, Bordeaux, Nantes, and Havre with the piincipal pointa of traffic in the world, These lines of steam communication, wa are told, are not to be opened on any calculation of direct profit, but with the sole objeot of promoting commercial intercourse with, and extending the trade of France. As one line of these steamers ia to ran via Havannah to Chagrea, it does not seem improbable that Louis Napoleon may entertain some idea of ultimately opening the gato of Panama to the Australian colonies, aa well aa to the Im- perial poflfleaalQDB in these seae. MELBOURNE STOCK AND SHARE LIST. Wednesday, Jone IS. PURLia LOANS. Victoria Government Dobontures, 6 percent. .. - Do., 6 per coat. . IOS South Auatralfan'Governmont do., 6 per cont. .. . « Now South Wales do. do,, 5 por cont. - Now Zealand do. do., 7 por coat. - Melbourno Corporation do., 0 per cent. -. .. .. 100 to 105 Geelong do. do., 6 per cent. .. - Molbourno Gas Company's do., 10 per cont. - Geelong Raliway Company's do., 7 per cent. 95 Do., do., 8 por cont. TTrt>,oAn*o Tino Tïnlln,, BANES. Australasia.,..,..... Union. Now South Wales.... Victoria . tiondon Chartorod .. Oriental. English, Scot., & Aus, Colonial RAILWAYS, Hobson's Bay..., Do., nowlssuo St. Kilda & Brighton Geelong & Melbourne Molb, & Suburban .. 10 PUBLIC COMPANIES. Victoria Fire & Marino Insurance Co. Colonial Insuranco Company Australasian Flro and Life Insurance Co. Melbourne Flro In- surance Company., Molb. Gas and Coko Company.... »,.., Bo. Do. nowlssuo.. Molb. Exchange Co. Studley Park Bridge Company. St. Kilda Sea Bathing Company. S. Yarra Water Works 40 0 25-2J 20 U 25 0 20 0 25 0 20 0 50 0 SO 0 2J 0 20 0 Last I Latest Dividend. Saloi. 20 per ot. 20 do. 20 do. 10 do. 0 do. 10 do. 0 do. 10 do. 14 p. ct. per ct. ii. por ehr 10 per ct. j-12 p. ct. 10 per et. 86-33 45-47 46-43 ¡-S8J-Í0 18-19 2l.89.6d. Ü 12s. Od. to 13«. 40 p. O. prom. «i ¡ WEEKLY AGRIGULTURAL REPORT. Wednesday, June 10. j If wa except a spéculative feeling with regard to flour, the markets remain in much the same state as they were last week. During the last few days an opinion has gained ground among holders, and it appears also to have oxtonded to buy- ers, that the quantity of wheat and flour re- maining on hand in tho colonies is less than was generally anticipated from the published xetnras and calculations, and that there really will be something almost approaching to a scarcity before next harvest. The effeot of thia is to be seen in many persons now being inclined to buy on speculation, or to lay iu Btocks for their own use before the threatened lise takes plaoo. It Is known that the deficiency in New South Wales has this year been greater than usual, and it is now imagined that the crops in Tasmania and South Australia have been over-estimated. Such may be the oase, but if it should provo so, this will be the first year in whioh such an accident ever hap- pened since statistical returns have been care- fully collected. Errors on the other side of the account have usually arisen, and princi- pally from allowing too much for the regular consumption. However, it is possible, though not likoly, that the crops of the neighboring colonies have for once been under-estimated; but on this point buyers must use their own judgment for the romaindor of the year, a3 nothing moro in the shape of official informa- tion is to bo expected. Wheat has not participated in this advance, although in better demand than a few days since. Barley remains dull of sale, and with- out any immediate prospect of recovering iti price. Inferior samples aro affected by the low price of horse corn, and malting barley is in but moderate request just now.^Oats are still offered freely, but are not to bo sold in any quantity, oven at the lowest quotations. The knowledge of increased shipmonts being on their way hitner, and tho probability of these being continued for some time, in consequenoe of the very low price of grain in all the Euro- pean markets, has quite destroyed the confi- dence of holders, and will, for some time to come, prevont tradesmen and consumers from purchasing beyond their immediate wants. Maizehas been cominginmore freely of late, and this, with all other descriptions of horae-oorn, is as difficult of sale, in quantity, as are oats. The hay market has not been so often glutted of late, but although fluctuating a little, , according to the number of loads sent in eaoh day in proportion to the day's demand, no advance in price oan be maintained. In the Goalong district the farmers appear to have been able to hold out longer than the millers, and to have obtained last week a de- cided advance on the price their wheat fetohoJ previously. The following report of Satur day's market is from the Advertiser : - I COHN MAUKBT.-The business at thia placo of public rosort was very brisk on Saturday ¡last, several of the millers finding it impossi- ble to carry on their calling without a large supply of wheat, for which they had roluc tantiy to pay from 83. éd. to 83. Gd. per bushel. Flour has been Belling during the past wools: at £20, but very soon may bo quoted at £20 10s. to £21; bran, 2s. 2d. to 2s. 3d. per bushel ; colonial grown oats, 8s. Gd. to Öd, ; English barley grown In the colonies, 10s. per bushel; potatoes, £12 per ton, and firm at that price ; onions, £35 per ton, and Bcarce. Mr. O. I. Dennys also states in his report that 1,000 bushels, of a superior sample, wore sold in one lot, at 8s. Gd. In the samo report, be draws attention to tho bad condition oi potatoes of local growth, and says that really sound potatoes sell readily at from £14 to £15 per ton. This root ia very acareo in New South Wales, and the surplus in Tasmania ia muoh Bmallor than usual, so that before the wintoi is over good potatoes will scarcely bo obtain- able at any price. Several ploughing matches have been post- poned until there has been sufficient rain to render tho soil more fitted to be turned over with a due display of artistto skill than it has been on late occaaions. It has been doclded by the Committee of the Port Phillip Farmers' Society to hold a match at Bulla as Boon as possible, but the day cannot be fixed until the weather becomes more propitious than the farmers near town have lately had it. [Up the country rain has been abundant, and ! the oarly crops are said to be most promising. 1 To the westward also plonty has fallen-in no part of the colony does there seem to have been any deficiency except around Melbourno j and Goolong. We have been requested by the Secretary te the Society, Mr. Skilllng.to keep the mombors in mind of the annual meeting to be held at the Mechanics' Institution, oa Wednesday the 7th July. As important business is to be transacted at this meeting, a largo attendance of members is desirable, in order that the zeal feeling of the Sooiety may be ascertained on the points to be raised. All those whe have not already received the prizes awarded to thom at the several exhibitions and matohes of the Society held during the past twelvemonth, can now obtain them by ap plying at the office in Swanaton- street. Innumerable remedies and preventive! have at different timea been proposed forth! cabbage-blight, which, although the inseol o losing it is so insignificant in itaelf, becomoa moro aérions and alarming every year. Wt find it frequontly remarked in the American papers that the farmers and gardeners hav< towage a perpetuol warfare with tiny dopro datora of this nature, or they would have little reward for their labora. So they will have to do here, for the climate of th'u colony seems to bo equally favorable to the rapid propagation of noxious insects, of thl: and many other kinds, a3 is that oi the greater part of America. A remedy no« coming into very general use among tho pro 'esalonal gardeners of that country for the :uio of planta attacked by the common aphis, rod one or two other insects peculiarly at achod to all ' varieties of the Brossica tribe, a tobacco dust, ground as fine aa possible and lusted over the plants pretty freely in the ; norning. Tobacco can be grown at little or ao expense, and tho great advantage of apply- ing it ia this way iles ia the saving of time and labor na compared with the application of tobacco water or any other kind of wash, and it is found to be quite as effectual. Ia Tasmania, the blight is extending its ravages to almo3t every variety of cultivated vege- table, and even to some of the indigenous plants. It has also attacked Cape barley, and is to be foand in some wheat fields. To such an extent is this evil now spreading, that, at a late meeting of the Boyal Society, a resolu- tion waa passed offering a reward of £25 foe applicable remedy, likely to cause the eradi- cation of thisinsoct post, which is declared, in the words of the resolation, to be extending its ravages to an alarming extent over edlblo I vegetation genorally in the colony. 