EUROPEAN NEWS. [FROM OUR CITY CORRESPONDENT.} LONDON, Saturday, November 28th, 1857. ',\ THE course of monetary and commercial affairs since the last despatch has been very unfavourable, but the crisis has, on the whole, been better met than appeared probable. The sacrifices made, however, to attain this have been excessive. The Bank minimum rate of discount has been 10, but it has charged 11 and 12, and out of doors for a time nothing was or could be done under 12 for the highest bills at short date, while at one time all discount accommodation was suspended. There is now some improvement. The banks and discount brokers are gradually proceeding with their business at from 10 per cent. The foreign exchanges are more favourable, and the movements of the precious metals have become greatly in our favour. About £1,000,000 and upwards of gold has gone into the Bank during the week ending Wednesday evening last, and the supplies per Emeu and Simla, which are expected, the former on Monday and the latter on 6th December next, together say three-quarters of a million, and the Seringapatam, from Australia, daily expected, with a quarter of a million more will add £100,000,000 more to its stock of bullion. Last week's return from the bank showed that it had availed itself of the Government permission to issue more notes, to the extent of £2,000,00. Its circulation is within its authorised issue. The Bank of France has reduced the premium upon gold from 10 to 5 per cent, per mille, this lowered its rates of discount from 8, 9, and 10 to 7 8, and 9 per cent, per 30, 60 and 90 days' bills respectively. The commercial failures to report are Messrs. Sieveking and Son, liabilities £400,000 ; Hoare, Buxton, and Co. ; Broadwood and Barclay, all of the Swedish trade ; Allen, Smith, and Co., Danish trade; Edwards and Mathie, East Indian and colonial brokers ; R. Bambridge and Co., Gonsser, Hassell, and Co., American trade ; Draper and Pietro, Italian trade ; Bardgett and Beard, corn trade; Brocklesby and "Wissels, corn trade; Herman, Sellen, and Co., Hamburg trade; Alexander Hintz, and Co., Hamburg trade ; Carr, Josling, and Co., Swedish trade and Rehder and Boldermann, German house and the Northumberland and Durham District Banking Company. The latter is the worst feature of all, and has caused a panic in the north, but measures are being taken to meet the pressure. The accounts from the north of Europe are very unfavourable no less than eight failures at Hamburg, Sweden, and Norway, are mentioned, of large amounts. From America the accounts are improving. The telegraphic despatch of the Indian news of the relief of Lucknow, &c;, and dispersion of the rebels from Delhi, Sec, has given great relief. The Government will meet Parliament on the 3rd December, with power to declare the rebellion almost at an end, without the aid of any portion of the 40,000 men despatched from England. The Government of India will be under a new form : I hear a kind of Administra- tive Council composed from the India Board and Board of Control in other words, there will be but one action instead of two. Her Majesty's proclamation calling Parliament together, states that it is for " divers weighty and urgent reasons." The Duchess de Nemours is dead. Prince Frederick William of Prussia has arrived in England, and is with the Court at Windsor. The King of Prussia is not expected to recover. The Siamese Ambassadors have been received by Her Majesty. Arrangements have been made for a weekly communication with India. The reduction in the Austrian army has been sanctioned, and will commence immediately. The collapse in trade and commercial credit has thrown about 200,000 persons out of employ, and it is to be feared there will be riots during the winter, and severe distress. The Leviathan is not yet launched. Several ineffectual attempts have been made. The Indian Relief Fund has reached £219,060. I fear I have forgotten to mention the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Banking Company amongst the list of suspensions. It is likely to resume business. The Mediterranean Telegraph has been laid between Cagliari and Malta, a distance of 300 miles. The loss of the Dunbar and her crew and passengers has caused great grief here. The Australian mails per Emeu have been missing in consequence of her getting on shore in the Red Sea, when the Admiralty Agent took out the mails and proceeded in hopes of reach- ing Suez before the steamer. They will be delivered on Monday morning or this evening. The Simla has arrived at Suez with, the October mails. Our merchants were indebted to the courtesy, decision, and foresight of Mr. Maynard, chief officer of the steamer Australian, for news per the September mail. He forwarded a Sydney Morning Herald summary of the news, via Marseilles. The winter is setting in, some slight snow having fallen with slight frosts. The mercantile body feel greatly relieved by the absence of failures, except one or two for a week past. Everything appears to promise that we are " turning the corner." Consols have gone up to 91 5 to 2. Railway and Joint Stock Bank shares have been depressed but are now fast recovering, and are indeed buoyant. Indian Railway shares are much better. East Indian are up to 1865 to 1873. Tuesday, 1st December. The Indian and China and Australian mails per Emeu, were delivered yesterday. The re- bellion may be considered as about to terminate by the flight of the sepoys, but it will probably be the end of the year before we learn that their final discomfiture has been accomplished. Monetary and commercial affairs are steadily mending, but " there is a heavy part of the month which it is to be feared will result in many failures. Generals Wilson and Havelock have been created baronets of Delhi and Lucknow respectively, and the widow of General Neill has been created Lady Neill. The French Legislative Assembly was opened on Saturday. A male heir to the throne of Spain was born on Saturday night, at ten o'clock. The health of the King of Prussia is improving once more. The fever at Lisbon increases, and is now more fatal amongst the higher classes. The Russian vessels sunk at Sebastopol during the bite war cannot be recovered, in consequence of the accumulation of mud and the decay of the vessels. The commercial accounts from America are becoming more favourable by each mail. The trial of the Directors of the Royal British Bank will commence in February, and is expected to last a month'. ' "J The subscriptions to the Indian Relief Fund reach £280,749 5s. 8d., not £219,617 8s. 11d. as stated before. The latter is the balance in hand. The Anti-Slavery Society have presented a petition to the Earl of Clarendon, against the immigration slave trade, now carried on by the French from the West Coast of Africa. Slavery is abolished in the Dutch Weaflndies. The Emperor of Russia is bent upon the freedom of the serfs. The Incumbent of St. Michael's, in whose parish the " unconsecrated " building of Exeter Hall is situated, has prohibited the repetition of Sabbath evening services, and accordingly the Nonconformists have taken up the subject, and on Sunday, the 22nd November, commenced their first series of services there. It is such bigotry as this that causes the schisms in the English Church. The market for the English funds keeps exceedingly firm. Consols have gone to 913 to 91; Turkish 6 per cent. Bonds to 92 to 92; Great Western Shares, 52 to 52 J and North Western to 96. Friday, December 11. The public anxiety with regard to the fate of Lucknow has been greatly relieved by telegraphic news of Sir Colonel Campbell and Colonel Greathead being on their march from Cawnpore for its relief; and by the close of the year, or beginning of next, it is thought we may hear of the final route of the r bels and safety of Havelock. Parliament opened on Thursday, the 3rd instant, by the Queen in person. The debate has since turned chiefly on the affairs of India, the Bank Charter, and commercial crisis. The Bank question will be disposed of this month, and then Parliament will dissolve to meet in February. A select committee will again be appointed, and the result will be that, by the time the committee have finished their labours, matters will have become smooth again and the entire question lose its interest, and no change be effected in the system of currency. On the reassembling of Parliament, the Government will deal with the affairs of India and with reform. Commercial affairs are quieter, but failures are still going on. To-day there are two small bankers, two German houses, one Indian and Australian, and one in the Produce Market; but it is possible that two, if not three, may obtain assistance. Monetary affairs, which greatly regulate commercial matters, are decidedly better. There is no longer any pressure for money-the demand is steadily falling off, and the rates are easier. Some of the best bills have been done at 96. Considerable supplies of gold are going into the Bank in all this and last week about £1,500,000 will have gone in, including the arrivals per Tamar and Essex. The latter will be in the docks to-morrow. The stock of bullion has greatly increased, and also the reserve of notes. The Bank of France has augmented its stock of bullion by nearly £2,000,000 in the course of the month. The Produce Markets are very heavy again. There is great difficulty in effecting sales, which are limited for cash, or short prompts, and prices are as low as they have been. The Colonial Wool Sales have closed. Prices for the ordinary quality are 4d. to 8d. lower, ( I and the finer sorts 2d. The manufacturing trade is dreadfully cut up. The mills generally are working short time, four days in the week, and distress is very prevalent. At Hamburg the crisis has been most severely felt, but the panic is subsiding. In Sweden, Norway, and Russia it is still operating. In Prussia and Austria there is less excitement, and matters may be considered as having seen their worst. The marriage of the Princess Royal and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, will take place on the 25th January next. The heir to the throne of Holland is said to be bent on a matrimonial alliance with England, the Princess Alice being the young lady who is said to have captivated the young Prince. He is in his 18th year. Colonel Sir Archdale Wilson has been made Major-General. The East India Company have granted him a pension of £1000 a year for life and Government will on an early day bring forward a message from the Crown on the subject of a pension to General Havelock. The Queen and young Prince of Spain are going on favourably, the infant will be named Francesco d'Assis, Duke of Asturias. A Spanish squadron is stationed at Cuba, ready to act on Mexico if their differences can- not be arranged ; but Spain, it is important to state, has refused to accept the mediation of France and England on the terms offered, that Spain first receive M. Lafragues, the envoy from Mexico. The cholera in Lisbon is decreasing. A treaty of commerce between Prussia and England has been signed, by which the Ionian Islands and the Zollverein are brought into commercial communication. The French Ambassador has sent an official note to the Porte in favour of the Suez Canal. Great regret has been expressed to learn that the Catholic Christians in Cochin China are suffering severe persecutions in that country. The religious services in Exeter Hall, under the Dissenters, have commenced. The place is crowded every Sabbath evening, the majority of whom are working men. The launching of the Leviathan proceeds slowly, but no doubt is entertained of her final success. Consols are buoyant at 94, ex dividend, for January. Thursday, December 17. There have been some more mercantile failures in London and in the manufacturing districts, with liabilities varying from £100,000 to £500,000, in the case of the leading houses, i and for £5000 to £10,000 in the small firms. Although our financial position has, and still is, and will greatly improve, it is certain that the commercial crisis is by no means over. My individual opinion is that the worst much the worst has yet to come, and that it is not far distant. It will assuredly attack silk, wool, and metal houses. The India trade must suffer severely. For instance, silk has been bought in China at 40 per cent. above the prices here. Add to this, freight, charges, &c;, and the 10 per cent discount, and how few are likely to be able to withstand the pressure. The panic is already commencing in the woollen districts ; Messrs. S. C. Lister, of Halifax, and Messrs. Saalfield, of Leeds, and Messrs. Cheese- borough and Sons, of Bradford, have gone this week, and the Storm is brewing. The Swedish, Norwegian, and Hambro' trades have been severely punished. It is an easier task to say who have not, rather than would have suspended at Stockholm, Copenhagen, and Hamburg. But at the latter place the, crisis is over, the. Government having to come forward; to the relief of commerce by a vote^of-money to help firms in difficulties Sweden and Norway are doing the like thereof, and the collapse will shortly be stayed. There has been an enormous amount of returned bills during the last week or two. The notaries are inundated with business. As regards money, the demand is falling off, and the market is easier. Yesterday good bills were done at 9 per cent., of 1 per cent, below the Bank rate. Gold is rapidly flowing into the Bank. The last return showed an increase of three-quarters of a million, and since then it has received about a million and a quarter. The stock of bullion and reserve of notes are fast increasing, and the other securities are diminish- ing. A reduction on the rate of discount will soon take place, but it will fail to arrest mercantile failures. Trade is nil in London and the country. The produce markets are as flat as they well can be short of a total suspension of business. There are numerous sellers, but few or no buyers ; prices are depressed, in some cases lower than for the last twenty years, and the tendency is downward. Very troublous times are coming for traders. The banks and bankers all wear long faces, and merchants look anxious. This is by no means an exaggerated account of things as they really are. Parliament adjourned on Saturday until Thursday the 4th February. A select committee on the Bank Act will be then appointed, and will consist for the most part of the gentlemen who sat on the last committee, to consider the same subject The committee will have to " inquire into the operation of the Bank Act of 1844, and of the Bank Acts for Ireland and Scotland, and into the recent causes of commercial distress, and to report how far it was affected by the issue of bank notes payable on demand." The result will be the retention of the present currency system. The best news from India is anxiously looked for. Lucknow is considered to be safe, but the nation want the fact. Lord John Russell has obtained leave to bring in a bill to omit the words, " on the true faith of a Christian," which, if carried, will bring the Jews into Parliament. The baptism of the infant Prince of the Asturias, heir to the throne of Spain, took place on Wednesday, the 9th instant, the Duchess of Montpensier acting as godmother. An amnesty to political offenders and persons condemned to light punishments. The north side of Sebastopol is being strongly fortified, on the plea that the Treaty of Paris referred only to the south side, and which cannot be fortified in accordance therewith. Was this omission intentional The Leviathan is stuck fast, all the hydraulic pressure, is, applied to her fails to move her beyond her present position. There are to be special evening Sabbath services at Westminster Abbey by order of the Dean and Chapter. There are special evening Sabbath services to the working classes at the district church at Bethnal Green, and the Bishop of London preached the fourth sermon to a crowded congregation of working men. The City of Glasgow Bank has reopened for general business, and the Wolverhampton and > Staffordshire Bank resumes in a few days. 