Sales by Auction. THIS DAY TJnrcEcned-'aleof Pickles, lobsters, Ketchup, Sauces, Le A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, Jtlo in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 17th inst, at 11 o'clock, Anmvoicoof Pickles Ketchup SBUCOB LobBters, ile. No Reserve 3071 THIS DAY. Bottled Beer and M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms. Collins street, next the Bank of ratable, on Wednesday, 17th inst, at 11 o'clock, 200 casks and cases bottled ale and porter to close accounts No RcBcn 0 2071 ~~ THIS DAY For the Benefit of All Concerned. 100 Tins Confectionary, Slightly Damaged. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 17th Inst, at 11 o'clock 100 tins confectionary, slightly damaged To be sold Without Reserve 2071 THIS DAY 0 Crates Sodawater Bottles Lj ing on Cole's' Wharf To be sold for Account of all Concerned. A G M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a in the rooms, Collins street, or at the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 17th inst, at 11 o'clock, O crates, each 2 groas, sodawater bottles To be sold for account of all concerned. Without Reserve 2071 THIS DAY ~~ Oats, Bran, Malt, re A G M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, SALE in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 17th Inst, at 11 o'clock, 200 bags Danish oats 100 do bran 100 do malt full Particulars and Terms at Sale 2071 "~*~ THIS DAY. "y To Wine and Spirit Merchants Sale of First-class Brandies, Wines, ive A G M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 17th just, at 11 o'clock, 16 Illida Central Society's dark brandy 19 do do pale do 120 cases Champagne Vineyard Proprietors' do 100 do Martell's do 20 birds and qr casks JDKZ geneva 20 do mixing brandy COO cases port wine 100 degrees and sauterne 100 do claret, i.s. Further particulars at sale Terms-Under£100, cash, above that amount ap 1 reved acceptances at three months' date the attention of the trade is particularly directed to ll>cabo>c sale of first class wines and spirits 2040 THIS DAY 60 Firkins Primo D of Cork Butter And A Quantity of Oilmen's Stores? To Close Sales A G M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 17th inst, at 11 o'clock, 50 firkins prime D R. Cork butter And A quantity of oilmen's stores to close sales Terms at Sale 2000 THIS DAY 30 Casks Younger's Edinburgh Ale 23 Hhds Jeffries Alo For the Benefit of Whom it May C01103111 A G M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 17th inst, at 11 o'clock, 30 cases Younger's Edinburgh ale 28 hhds Jeffries' ale To be sold for the benefit of all concerned Without Reserve 280 OTIS DAY. Ship Stores, Le 1 Hhd Ato. 20 Tins Arrowroot 20 Jars Tartaric Aold 10 Barrels Carbonate Soda, Le A G M COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of ralasia, on Wednesday, 17th inst, at 11 o'clock, 1 hhd. ale 20 tins arrowroot, each 14 lbs ' 20 jars tartaric acid, assorted sizes 10 barrels carbonate soda, each 1 cwt 24 cases pickles, (Millerand Co ) 17 barrels bread 23 tins potatoes 1 barrel beef 2 do buet 47 loose hams To close accounts No Reserve 2089 THIS DAY 31 Cases Champagne To be Sold on Account and at the Risk of the Former Purchaser AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms, Collins street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Wednesday, 17th inst, at 11 o'clock, B and C, 31 cases champagne To be sold on account and at to that of the former purchaser No Besen s 296) THURSDAY, 15th MARCH. Studley. sale of choice Building Allotments, adjoining Studley Park, overlooking the Yarra Yni ra To Gentlemen requiring Building Sites, eve , In n Favorite Locality A G. M'COMBE is favored with imphee tions from the owner, J B Kttcat, Esq , who is about to leave the colony, to SUBMIT to public COMPETITION, at his residence, adjoining the I ii logs of Kew, and nearly opposite the residence of Thomas Stevenson, Esq on the main road leading" iiOmtheStudlcyPnrkBrldgo.onTliuisday, 18th ins' at 12 o'clock (Immediately after the sale of the furniture. The undermentioned properties, situated at Kci, adjoining Studley Park viz. Lot 6 and 0 Each containing I acre, and having a frontage to the road leading to the river Lot 70 having a frontage to the Studley Bridge road, and containing rather more than one acre Titles unexceptionable The auctioneer begs respectfully to draw the ation lion of gentlemen and others requiring eligible sites for building suburban villas, Le, to the above sale of washable land, situated at a convenient distance are in town, and approachable by well made roads into varied attractions of the neighborhood of Stud Sey Park are daily becoming better known to the public; and already numerous elegant hills and mansions have been erected, tending to make in the most fashionable suburban retreat in the neigh- bourhood of Melbourne. Terms at Sale Plans may be soon at the rooms of the auctioneer, who is also authorised to sell the properties by private contract THURSDAY, 18th MARCH. Sale of Furniture at Kew. 3.0 Private Families, Furniture Dealers, and Others. AG. M'OOMBB is instructed by J. B. . Kitchen, Esq., who is about to leave the colony, to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, adjoining the village of Kew, and nearly opposite the residence of Thomas Stevenson, Esq., on the main road leading fromthe Studley Park Bridge, on Thursday, 18th inst, at 12 o'clock, The whole of that gentleman's household furniture and efforts, comprising 1\. Dining-room furniture, viz,, Dining-table, handsome sideboard, morocco seat chairs, Cane-seat chairs, carpets-, rugs, fenders andflroirons, plated tcaandcoffcos service, plated candlesticks, bedroom candlesticks, dinner and dessert knives, forks, spoons, flint glass ware, dinner services, breakfast and tea services, dessert service, &c.; 2\. Wine Collor. A choice assortment of port, claro., hock, brandy, c, c, of the very finest quality. 8\. Bedroom furniture. Iron bedsteads, bedding, &c;, dressing-table, toilet glasses, table and bed linen, towelling, &c.; 4\. Hall furniture. Bat and umbrella stand, lamps, mats, trays, &e.; 5\. Kitchen ware. 6\. servants'-room furniture. 7\. Stable, harness-room, and coach-house. One 4-wheeled dog-cart, for single and double harness, polo, and bars; onset single covered harness for the above; horse cloth, wheelbarrows, halterB, chain, &c.; 8\. Yard. I Wood and coals, mats, cases, and sundries. -The whole to be sold without the slightest reserve. Terms-Cash. 2040 PRELIMINARY-ADVERTISEMENT. ' Sale of Hardware, &c.; . AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on an early day, A large invoice of hardware. Full Particulars! in Future Advertisements. 1910 THIS DAY. ; C GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUC _£j# TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 6 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, 17th inst., at 12 O'clock, Adelaide Hour Do bran Colonial oats Scotch and Danish do groceries and ironmongery. Terms at Sale. 296 mar 17 THIS DAY. Cpl GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUC BJ. TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, Collins-street east, on Wednesday, 17th inst., at 12 o'clock, , a _ 100 hogs Adelaide flour ] 60 do do city brands 10 tons Chilian flour 100 bags bran 100 do oats 26 do colonial oats 10 cases Marzetti's stout. 10 do Guinness's do 4 tons potatoes. Terms at Sale, 223 THIS DAY. -A. Agricultural Produce Sale. JJ GRAHAM and Co. having had their K-7 a attention directed to the advance of public tales for agricultural produce, similar to those for wool, tallow, and other staples, are induced to start a series of WEEKLY AUCTION SALES of COLONIAL AGRICULTURAL PRODUCE, the fourth of which will be held on Wednesday, 17th March, at 12 o'clock, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 0 Collins-street east. They feel assured those sales will be as beneficial and are as Important to agriculturists as to themselves, therefore hope to receive that enoch ÍÍ^SSMIA7 7LMch Y will be enabled permanently to establish them. S. G. and Co. having promises suitable for grain, potatoes, so., capable of holding several hundred tons, will be happy to receive any intending to avail themselves of these sales are requested to communicate with the auctioneers prior thereto, so that their articles may be duly advertised. _ 202 mar 17 THIS DAY. To Close Accounts. R QSÂIA¥*Sn!°0' win SELL by AUC kJa TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart. 8 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, 17th inst., at 12 o'clock, 100 cases prime cheese 12 do inferior do. Without Reserve. 222 THIS DAY. " Q GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUG KIa TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 6 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, 17th inst., at 12 o'clock, 40balf-chests tea, Vindex 20 do do, Zephyr Ironmongery bolts, locks, knives, forks, etc. Bellows, boilers Immigrants' boxes, &c.; Without reserve. 224 DRAPERY SALE WADE of Wade and Gowan, auctioneer, « holds SALES of DRAPERY, use, every Tuesday and Friday. The attendance of the trade and country storekeepers To earnestly requested. 46 june 1 THURSDAY, 18th MARCH. To Squatters, Cattle Brooders, and Others. Important Sale of Short-Horned Bulls. DOUGHARTY and Co., have received instructions from Messrs. Miles, Kington and Co., to SELL by Public AUCTION, on Thursday', 8th inst., at their rooms, at 12 o'clock sharp, The following imported short-horned bulls, Meteor, (18,834,) Bonn, calved in 1852, bred by W. 0. Cartwright, Esq., Anynbo got by Silvorweod, (10,813,) out of Hash, by Mowbray (7,200.) Viceroy, (18,045,) Calved February 28th, 1853, bred by Colonel Kingscote; got by fourth Duke of York, (10,107), out of Victoria, by Preston, (8,408). Full Particulars, Terms, pedigrees, Se, at Sale. 01 mar 18 THURSDAY, 18th MARCH. Extensive and Important Sale of Imported Pure Merino and Cotswold Sheep. To Squatters, Sheep Farmers, and all desirous of Improving the Growth of Wool in this Colony. DOUGHARTY and Co. have received instructions from Messrs. Miles, Kington, and Co. to SELL by public AUCTION, at their yards, on Thursday, 18th inst., at 12 o'clock sharp, 11 pure Cotswold ewes, with lambs by their side, in fine condition. Also, The pure-bred Cotswold rain "Napoleon, "lambed in 1867, bred by Mr. Francome, of Little Badminton, near Sudbury', his sire, grandsire, and grand dam's sire being all winners of prizes. Also, 22 pure-bred Merino rams, selected from the flocks of some of the most distinguished sheep-breeders of Germany, and all splendid animals, in fine condition. Pedigree of each ram can be seen on application to the auctioneers, who, in conclusion, would draw the attention of all interested in improvement of the staple of colonial wool to this opportunity of making valuable additions to their flocks, which may not again offer. Terms at Sale. 62 mar IS THURSDAY, 18th MARCH. DOUGHARTY and Co. have received instructions from Mr. Robert McDougall, of Glenroy, to sell by auction, at their yards, on Thursday, 18th inst., The following young bulls : Mullingar and Callum, by Dundas (12,700); Some, Darby, find Norman, by Lord Helton (18,208). Full pedigrees at sale. No Reserve. 2048 mar 17alt THIS DAY Two Dwelling Houses in Derby-street, Collingwood. WE. ALSOP respectfully announces his a instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, Derby-street, nearly opposite the Clifton Hotel, on Wednesday, 17th inst., at 1 o'clock, All that valuable freehold property, consisting of two stuccoed houses, containing three rooms, painted, papered, and in excellent tenantable condition, with verandahs and small garden plots, enclosed with neat paling ; together with the valuable freehold, having a frontage to the south side of Derby-street of 23 feet by a depth of 87 foot to a right-of-way 12 foot wide. This property presents a favorable opportunity for investment, being of a class that will secure a respectable tenantry, and a handsome return for outlay. Terms-Half Cash, remainder in approved bills at six, nine, and 12 months. Title Guaranteed. 252 mar 10 17 THIS DAY. Hawthorne On the Premises at 6 o'clock in the Afternoon. G WALSTAB has received instructions a from the proprietor to SELL, absolutely and Without reserve, by public AUCTION, on Wednesday-, 17th inst., at 6 o'clock in the afternoon, on the pro mites, A valuable freehold estate, in the delightful and picturesque village of Hawthorne, consisting of about two acres of ground, more or ICES fenced in, on which have lately been erected two substantial brick and stuccoed cottages, with slated roofs and verandahs, containing each four good rooms. Those cottages stand on a part of the ground, separated by a close paling fence, having a frontage of about 76 foot, by a depth of about 142 feet. One of these cottages is now let at the low rate of 25s. per week, and when both are let that part of the estate alone will yield an income of upwards of 1200. per annum. The remainder of the land, about 12 acres, on which is erected a gardener's cottage, containing five rooms, is well stocked with vines and fruit-trees, and slopes gradually down to the end of the garden. '? The two houses could, with very little expense, be converted into one, and the estate would then form a a very eligible spot for a gentleman's private residence, ' as the property fronts a road removed a little distance from the main road. It is situated about 100 yards down the road, by the side of the well-known Fletcher's Hotel, four miles from town. This property, whether for investment or occupation, is a very desirable one. Absolute sale on the premises, Wednesday', 17th March, at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. For further particulars apply at the auctioneer's offices, 16 Temple-court ; or Messrs. STEPHEN and GIBBES, 00 Little Collins-street east. Omnibuses run continually to the Fletcher's Hotel until dark, and the auctioneer has fixed the above tune to suit the convenience of all parties. 024 mar 17 alt ~~ ] THIS DAY. Hawthorne Household Furniture. G WALSTAB has received instructions a from Mr. Smith, the owner of the cottages and land advertised for SALE on Wednesday next, at 6 p.m., by public AUCTION, at same time, A quantity of household furniture, &c.; Sale on the premises, near Fletcher's Hotel, Wednesday, 17th March, at 6 p.m. 917 THIS DAY. The Woodstock Lamplough and Maldon Hills Stations, in the Western Port District, with 14,000 sheep and 600 Acres of Land. And The Lansdowne and Night on Stations, in the Wimmera District, without stock. VAUGHAN and WILD beg to announce to capitalists and squatters that they are authorised to submit for SALE by public AUCTION, and that they have instructed their Edward Wild to sell at Bear's Exchange Rooms, on Wednesday, 17th March, at 2 o'clock p.m., Lot 1. The valuable property, consisting of the Wood- stock Lamplough and Maiden Hills Stations, in the Western Port district, within 7 miles from Loxton and 112 from Melbourne, with 14,000 sheep and 000 acres of puchased land. These runs will carry a much larger number of stock, and consist of some first-class fattening country, and are well watered. ,_..,, The improvements are very substantial, consisting of a brick: house, stone woolshed, and everything necessary for working the Station. Lot 2. The Lansdowne and Nlghton stations, in the Wimmera District, without stock. The land consists of extensive plans of Uno fatten- ing winter country. For further particulars apply to Vaughan and Wild, Melbourne. N.B. Terms of the Solo will be Liberal. 2222 wk those FRIDAY, 19th MARCH. imported Durham Bull. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and CO. will JJ SELL by AUCTION, at the Market-yards, on Friday, 10th inst., The pure-bred imported Durham bull " Crimson," calved in March, 1864. For pedigree, apply at the office of the auctioneers, Bourke-street, who can recommend him as a first-class bull. 018 FRIDAY, 19th MARCH. Important to Cattlo-Broedora, Dairymen, and Others. . , DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co. have received instructions from Mr. Robert M'Dougall,, of Glenroy, to SELL, without the slightest reserve at , the Melbourne Cattle-yards, on Friday, 10th inst., 30 pure Durham cows, which will defy all competition. """ J. No Reserve. 023 mar 17 alt ~~ MONDAY, 22nd MARCH. Unreserved Sale of Freehold Property. CRITCHLEY and BANKS have received instructions, by order of the mortgagee, to SELL by public AUCTION, at their offices. Nos. 47 and 49 Chancery-lane, Melbourne, on Monday, 22nd inst., at 12 o'clock prompt, Anketel with garden, paddocks, Le., situated in the township of Little Eltham, parish of Nillumbik:. - For particulars apply to the Buckenara F E 1 THURSDAY, 13th MARCH. J LONG has received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, on the pro nilscB, No 3 Albert street, opposite the Houses of P rliament, afo doors above the Model Schools, on Thursday, 18th inst, at 11 o'clock prompt, All the household furniture and effects, comprising, chiffonniere, tables, chairs, sofas, pictures, chimney ornaments, carpets, hearth- rugs, iron bedsteads and bedding, dressing, tables, washstands and services, looking glasses, fender and irons, glass, china, and earthen. ware being the whole of the furniture of a well furnished six roomed house On view morning of sale _Terms-Oa»h. 277 mar 18 SATURDAY, 20th MARCH " A valuable Freehold Property, situate in Church street, Richmond, near the Vine Hotel, and just off the main road to Richmond Bridge J LONG has received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, Church street, Richmond, on Saturday, 20th Inst, at 2 o'clock prompt, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage of 8 feet 6 inches to Church-street by a depth of 116 feet The auctioneer would call the attention of parties desirous of but Ing building land, as the present site possesses peculiar advantages, and land In this locality is becoming daily more valuable Terms cash No reserve o Further particulars can be obtained from the auctioneer, at 61 Queen B root 208 mar 20 TUESDAY, 20th APRIL New Town Park, Two miles from Dobie b Town. BRENT and WESTBROOK have the plea sure to announce that they are favored with instructions from Wm Carter, T>q to submit for unreserved SALE, by public AUCTION on the pro n i es, on Tuesday, 20th April, at 2 o'clock, The valuable estate of New "i own Park, situate on the delightful banks of the River Derwent, within two miles of Hobart Town with the mansion, pleasure grounds, and gardens, containing about 27 acres of fine land, and which will be submitted in three lots, in the following order, viz - Lots The mansion and out offices, with about 150 acres of rich land, tastefully laid out in lawns, gardens, shrubberies, drives, lo The mansion is a noble stone edifice of the finest structure and design, covered with a tinto roof, and ion alone jr upward of 20 good rooms, Including i lawn g, dining and breakfast rooms, of spacious intentions, nurseries, baths, bedrooms, butter 2 I am try, store, kitchens, and every requisite for cora- lon and convenience, lacking; nothing to make its ct replete and first rate establishment There is now abundance of pure water, which is laid on by pipes, to the kitchen, butter s pantry, bath rooms-, etc The detached buildings comprise substantial stone built stabling and coach house, dairy stores, and servants cottages, and every requisite out offices The whole he was, in the best state of repair This splendid residence is delightfully situated in the centre of the lot, and commands the most charm- ing views of the surrounding country and bays of the mci Eight acres are laid out in productive gardens in which will be found every kind of tree which has been in ported into Tasmania, in full bearing and luxuri- ance withering green house and a capital store on the banks of the creek for the preservation of the fruit 7)to grounds are arranged with consummate skill, al of the avenues which run through this lot from the II will road to the Risdon road are interspersed with English and colonial trees and shrubs, forming most charming promenades and Drives The gardens can be irrigated at pleasure, and the whole is in admirable order, forming altogether the most desirable residence in the southern side of the colony Lot 2 Adjoins lot 1, and contains about six acres of land, upon which is a brick cottage large and substantial wood buildings which at a trifling cost may) be converted into stables and coachhouse, also a large stone building or store, two acres of garden sur roi nded by the e celt, and considered the "acme' of the property Lots An allotment adjoining, containing 50 acres of land, admirably situated for a gentleman's ros dence The above valuable property will he submitted in the foregoing order, unless the company should prefer the whole to be put up in one lot Terms-20 per cent cash deposit, 15 per cent by bell at three months, 15 per cent by bill at six months, bearing bank interest, and the balance may remain on mortgage for a term of years at 7 per cent For further particulars, and to obtain lithographic places the estate, apply to McPherson, Francis, and Co. , or to Messrs Fraser and Cohen, auctioneers, Mel I came 014 THURSDAY, 15th MARCH BLx Good Weatherboard Cottages, Harmsworth street, East Collingwood N KINSMAN has received instructions a from Mr. Robinson, who is leaving Collingwood, to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Thursday, 18th inst, at 1 o'clock, Six good weatherboard cottages, of two rooms each, in three lots each lot having a frontage of 20 feet to Harmsworth street, by 70 feet deep to a right of vary 16 feet wide The cottages are substantially built, slate roofed, painted, papered, and well finished in every part Also fenced in The property is delightfully situated, between Johnston street and the Willow 'Tree Title good Terms one third cash, balance at sit and 12 months Sale at o'clock by N Kinsman, valuator, house and land agent, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood 256 MONDAY, 22nd MARCH Four Weatherboard Houses, Johnston street, Collingwood. KINSMAN has received Instructions, a by order of the mortgagee, to SELL by AUCTION. on the ground, on Monday, 22nd Inst, at 12 o'clock, I our weatherboard houses, three of four rooms each, and one or two rooms, with a choice corner of land, having a frontage of 100 foot to Johnston street, by 66 feet frontage to Budd street, and opposite the Quarrymen's Arms, Johnston street, near Smith street, Collingwood N KINSMAN, auctioneer, house and land agent, 3 Moor street £50 THURSDAY, 18th MARCH. N KINSMAN will SELL by AUCTION, a on the ground, Studio] street, East Collingwood, on Thursday, 18th Inst at I o clock, Two allotments of land, having a frontage of 60 Cost to Studley street, by 06 foot deep Title good Terms half cash, and balance at six moulin N Kinsman, valuator, house and land agent, 3 Moor street. Collingwood. 257 ~ THURSDAY, 18th MARCH To Horse dealers, Gentlemen, and Others. Sale of Imports- Thorough bred Stallion HENDERSON and Co have received in structlons to SELL by public AUCTION, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Thursday, 18th Inst, at 12 o'clock, The imported thorough bred stallion "Morris Dancer, ' 4 years old, by " Alarm, ' out of "Spangle," " Bollngbroko's" dom For particulars, to see Stud book, or apply to Mr James Crisp, Kirk's Bazaar. If B. The above horse exhibits some of the best racing blood in Great Britain Terms at Sale 63 mar 18 \- SATURDAY, 20th MARCH. ' Notice to All Whom it May Concern. Splendid Leicester Ram for Sale By order of Mr Andrew White, Livery StableKcopc r. Tor Koop and Expenses I HEREBY give Notice to all whom it may concern, that unless the keep and expenses on the LeuCBtor Ram, left In my stables In October last, be paid within seven days from the date hereof, I will cause the same to be sold by public auction by Ogilvie and Robinson, at their sale yards, on Saturday, 20th inst, at 12 o'clock precisely ANDREW WHITE, Malop street Geelong, 11th March, 1858 2057 mar 30 "~ WEDNESDAY, 24th MARCH At the Royal Hotel, Nunawading. To Farmers, Market Gardeners, and Parties seeking a Valuable Block of Land, only Nine MUCH from Town, and close to the farm of Mr Yeomans THOMPSON has received inBti actions from the mortgagee to cause to be SOLD by public AUCTION, at Delany's Royal Hotel, àuuavvadirer, on Wednesday, 24th inst, at 12 o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, containing 27 acres, and being allotment 6 of portion 18, bounded on the north by part of a reserve bearing cost 10 chains, on the east by allotment A of portion 10, bearing south 27 chains, on the south by a road 1 chain wide, boar mg west 10 chains, and on the west by allotment B, bearing north 22 chains, being the land put up for sale by auction as lot No 31, at the Government Land Sales, 14th October, 1863 This valuable farm is fenced on both sides This To cality is mostly cultivated for miles round, and it is needless to say, that this is one of those valuable blocks of land seldom to be met with v within an easy distance of the city Numerous parties have called on Thompson to purchase this desirable property pri- ll ately, but the mortgagee, wishing to give a fair and liberal opportunity to all purchasers, desires it to 10 sold by public auction For further particulars and inspection of Crown grant, apply Thompson's Public Land Office, next City Police Court Thomas Gibbs, auctioned, office, 60 Little Collins street east 104 ~~ MONDAY, 22nd MARCH. In the Supreme Court To To Between Cowle and Others, Plaintiffs, and Geelong and Melbourne Railway, Defendants NOTICE is hereby given that the Sheriff for by the Colony will cause to be SOLD by public AUCTION, at the Supreme Court Hotel, La Trobe street, Melbourne, on Monday, 22nd day of March, at the hour of 120 clock noon, The right, title, and interest of the defendants in and to,- The steam engine Hurricane. Also, 1 first class carriage, No 8 1 third class do, No 4 1 composite do No. 1 1 third class do Terms Cash 330 GEORGE BURNS, Sheriff's Officer. Circular N O 2 HALL of COMMERCE, Melbourne 1st March, 1858 SIR-I la to the liberty of '"^"M,TT*1 have commenced business as an AUCTIONEER, at mercial Broker, and Commission Agent My 1rS^Ucntion will be devoted to the sale of land, increased and other property, by private sale and public Morton Until I can obtain suitable premises, have made arrangements for the use of the large hall in the Hall of? Commerce, for the purpose of i\ü»iiT,t such sales by auction as may be advanta-, gtonslf effected without he production of the pro perty" I will also again to ages in stores and on the ( 1 will continue my profession as an Adjuster of Amaury your support, I am, Sir, your faithful j UnwQ J. HAT0HEM. PROVIDE Public Notices. BECKWITH and BANCROFT' TRUST ESTATE. Notice is hereby given, that a second and final DIVIDEND in this estate will be PAID on and after Friday, the 10th inst. at tho office of Heape Brothers. Any claims against the estate not sent in before that date will not be recognised For the Trustees, SAMUEL HEAPE. Melbourne, 18th March, 1868 86 mar 20 _ Toorak, 16th March, 1858 T JOHN LAMBORN, hereby give notice that 11 have this day SOLD my BUSINESS to Mr JOHN THOMPSON, butcher, of Gardiner's Creek road, and that all parties owing money to race will settle the it me at once, and that all claims on me will be sent in immediately to me (Signed) JOHN LAMBORN Witness-William Notley 44 IN the SUPREME COURT of the colony of Victoria in its Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction -In the goods of HERBERT SHEPHERD, late of Chilwell, near Geelong, Baker, deceased -To M irj Sliophord, widow, and to the next of kin to Herbert Shepherd, late of Chilwell, near Geelong, the colony. of Victoria, baker, deceased -Greeting-We command you that. Within 14 days after the first day of publication of this summons you do appear before this Honorable Court, to show cause why you or some of ^ on, should not take out, or refuse, LETTERS of ADMINISTRATION of the property of Herbert Shepherd late of Chilwell, near Geelong, In the colony of 'v Victoria. Baker, Deceased ; or otherwise why such letters should not be granted to me, a creditor of the said Herbert: Shepherd. EDWIN SHEPHERD Witness Sir William Foster Stawell, Knight, our Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria, this 15th day or March, 1858 FREDK WILKINSON, Master In Tquityof UiD said court O L Hanbury, On Chancery lane, Melbourne, and. cut for O S Friend, Geelong 102 NOTICE to the PUBLIC -Boxing insolvent, the JLl undersigned will not be RESPONSIBLE for any DEBTS contracted by his wife, JANE COOPER, after this date JOHN COOPER of Windsor, 11th March, 1868 613 mar 18 PORT PHILLIP FARMERS' SOOTY Tho great ANNUAL GENERAL EXHIBITION of GRAIN, SEEDS, and FARM PRODUCE will take place in the OLYMPIC THEATRE-, Lonsdale-street east, on THURSDAY 18th instant All entries (in writing) must be made with the So. cretary the day previously It to show, and articles intended for the Exhibition must be deposited in the building between the hours of ion in and o'clock p in on Wednesday, 17th Inst The list or prizes to be awarded, and every information may be obtained on application to the under signed, at the color, 82 Swanston street By order of the Committee, THOMAS SHILLING, Secretary 2010 mar 18 "RJOTIOE-All just CLAIMS against the late firm li of JOHNS ALLEN and the late JAMES GI THINGS, of the Galloway Arms, and Digger's Rest, Keilor Plains, to be forwarded to Messrs M McKean and Ken, 28 Swanston-street before 1st April sails mar 22 NOTICE-All DEBTS due to the late Czar of KEANE and ELMS must be PAID at once, to overdraw ox) onscB 187 mar 20 "of NOTICE to Stockholders, Agents, Cattle Dealers, JLI Poundkeepers, Lo -from date hereof no poison is authorised to SELL or dispose of any description of STOCK belonging to the under secured All persons doing so will be prosecuted, unless they receive a written permission from the undersigned to soil such stock C NEVILLE BAGOT Club, Collins street, 6th February, 1868 127 mar 27 d and sk PARTNERSHIP NOTICE -We have this day is sumed Mr GEO WILSON as a PARTNER in our Omi The iron and timber business will be carried on as before, at our yards, 72 Flinders lane cast, and 122 to 123 La Trobe street west, under the style or CAIRNS, WILSON, and AMOS ALEXANDER CAIRNS and Co Carron Yard, 16th March, 1868 407 in ir 22 THE JEWS of MELBOURNE and its Vicinity are JL respectfully informed that the MEMORIAL to His Excellency the GOVERNOR running all agreed to at the public meeting held on the 14th n still ES for SIGNATURE at S Phillips s, 8 Cold is street west 202 mar 18 MorcùaisdlBo. AMERICAN COOKING STOVES and RANGES for Hotels and Private Families, reduced prices, Delia old and Fitted Up in Melbourne and Subi lbs. E O WHEELOCK and CO American Stove Ware- house, ISO Russell street, four doors north of Bourke-street, slim of the Golden Stove 81 an 0 A First class FAMILY CAR and Phaeton for SALE Stevenson and Co , coach builders, King street. 408 mar 17 B BAGAl KLLK TABLE 3, billiard tables, lamps, cloths, balls, cues, on SALE Thomas s 172 Lonsdale street east 410 mar 22 ES colonial made SPRING CART for SALE, at Denton and Co s, 174 Lonsdale-street east s s 400 mar 20 BAGATELLE TABLES, balls cues, clothe~&,a Largest assortment in Melbourne J Pasor s, 106 Little Bourke street east 810 mar 18 ARROW MAN a PLOUGHS , Brookman s plough moulds, side and solo plates from prison and Russell, 104 Elizabeth street 227 mar 18 BAGATELLE TABLES, with marble tops, ] assisted by Johnston, Alcock, and Co, Iii sell street Billiard furniture on sale lllapS BILLIARD TABLE new English, for lC0¡_cTsh Complete Dr Cooper, Madeline street 40 mar 17 BONE MANURE, the host and cheapest for The climate James Macmeikan and Co 028 may 7 BONE MANURE, delivered in town 83 to 106 James Mackuuoikan and Co , 1 Iciiniit'toii Mills. 2020 may 7 COOKING RANGES, with latest improvements, ' manufactured expressly for the undersigned, to meet the requirements of town and country J and J. liol nott, 26 Bourke street 400 may 7 CHINESE OIL, In Jars and tiDB, Polar and Sperm. constantly on SALE by the undersigned G Bradley and Co 10 Flinders lane west 23 mar 27 ARRIAGLS -BROUGHAMS, phaeton, cars, gigs, dog and other carts, conveyances, to. Garrett and District, Lonsdale- street 170 mar 20 CARTERS PAPERHANGINGS PRICES Com- parison -Silver embossed, 4s , gold embossed 4s 6d , I lock and gold, 7s 9d 71 (Queen street 2, 662 mar 27 CARTERS PAPERHANGINGS PRICES -A Com parlton -Marble and oak, Od , draw h groom a son, Is 6d , Blocks, Is 6d 71 Queen-street O'-! mar 27 COBKS, wine, Sodawater, and Gingerbeer, for- the acid, Le Richard Harry, 80 little Col- ins street cast 143 mar 20 COALS -A A Company's on SALE, at market price Queen's M bat F, and W H Lamond 55 Flinders street east J 2-1 mar 22 ERNEST CLEAR OIL for SALE Take 100 jars at 4s 6d per gallon Apply to Lord Tat 81 ? Little Bourke street east, at 4 o'clock 32 mar 10 CART, strong and fit for pony use, To be SOLD Cheap Harp of Erin, Madeline street 00 O ALS -220 tons, ex Tarbet Castle, for SALE. Downing, Griffith and Co 010 mar 18 COALS 400 tons A A Company's, at Wharf Downing, Griffith and Co_00 mar 18 EYl'SIGHT -SPECTACLES, eyeglasses, optic in, mathematical, and philosophical instruments, ac C. Earle s, optician, 163 Bourke-street cast 200 ar 23 EARTHENWARE, glass, and china Henry Steward, importer and wholesale dealer, 31 Flinders lane east. 27min 22 FENCING Iron Bar FENCING, fencing wire, cast-iron railings, galvanised netting Porter Brothers, Elizabeth street north 120 mar 10 FURNITURE, Venetian and Roller Blinds -in voices of best Scotch FURNITURE and Dry license Ven of law Blinds on SALE. Flint Ramsay and Co , 122 Collins street west. 88 ap 10 FLOWER PONS, handsome new designs, great variety, statuettes, Parian marble, now sub- ir cts, glass shades and stands in variety. Bell and Beauchamp's, 38 and 40 Collins street east 157 mar 30 170 SALE, or LET, good COM BYAN CE CARTS, JL nt Crutch and Bow tor's, coachbuilders 81 Queen street 180 mar 20 17 14 FOR SALE a light colonial built CONvEYANCE . carries 12 passengers Roberts and Ferguson! 64 course street went 200 mar 26 1768 SALE, SPRING CARTS, all Bros, and drays J Hanson and Co ; 100 Little Boy Lake-street east 875 mar 20 _ FOR SALE, a first rate SPRING CART and her. of ness Apply 272 Elizabeth street 118 mar 22 FOR SALE, a light four wheeled CARRIAGE, in thorough repair Price 7£>Z Apply to Gibson, i r. the Parliaiiiontstables_111 mar 10 "BjiOR SALE, a now stylish ALBERT CAR, of best of material and finish Apply at the Britannia Hotel, corner of Swanston and Lonsdale streets 227 FOR SALE, a DRAY, adapted for town use. Price £6 Apply Mechanics' Arms, Little Collins ftrtot_142 FOR SALE, English COOKING STOVES, or slate, and opens All designs Cheap 1 Flinders-street east 227 mar 23 S. OR SALE cheap a CONVEYANCE and a Spring cart Harman and Davis, 124 Russell-street 260 mar 23 li FOR SALE, COTTAGE PIANO ~ Second-hand JS? 15 Lemons 220 Lonsdale street east 312 mar 10 ARON of the best brands, at 15 per ton Jam s Pullar, 15 Little Collins street went 27min 22 IRON- BAR IRON, host brands, all sizes, a lowest current rates Porter Brothers Elizabeth-street north 102 mar 19 IRON-YARD. Porter Brothers, Elizabeth street north. 101 mar 19 "* AMPS - FRENCH MODERATOR LAMPs, JU manufactured expressly for undersigned, all guaranteed J and J Bennet , 20 Bourke-street * Vii may 1 KITCHEN RANGES, with close and open fires, on SALE, at P. Langwill and Co 'v, Collins and Elizabeth streets £88 mar 10 LEAD PIPE . 19, 4?, and 2, on SALE. i Cross, 1 c Collins street west MOSt, Optician, 17 Collins street west Stockman's race, pilot, and opera GLASSES , Solomon's ex' station waistcoat-pocket telescope 218 mar 17 MILNER'S, Perry's, and Price's Patent Fire-proof SAFES, oil sites, on SALE, at P. Langwill and Co 'v, Collins and Elizabeth streets 280 mar TO MOSS, Optician, 17 Collins street west- BY Italian Pebble SPECTACLES, eye-glasses, ove pro ery crs, strengthening and preserving the eyesight. 210 mar 17 MOSS, Optician, 17 Collins street west Com- pound achromatic MICROSCOPES, powers . cab magnifiers, stereoscopes, in great variety 217 mar 17 OIL -COLZA OIL, the only clarified oil for more- rateur, lamps J. and J. Bennett, 25 Bourke street 2193 may 7 ON SALE by the undersigned,-CORROSIVE SUR LIMAIE, whiting, loaf sugar, carbonate of soda, tartaric acid, Saloon matches, vestas, blacking (liquid and paste), live, lobsters, candied peel, split peas, pearl barley, tobacco, salad oil, shell almonds, carn way Seeds, cloves, patent groats, candle", butter, vinegar, dressed Patna and Carolina rice, Kent hops, blue, mustard, N. W and Swlsschccso, chicory, castor oil, currants, Bell and Black's matches, Havannah cigars, Patna opium, capers, lavender water, flour (best brands), pearl sago, dried herbs, playing cards, quicksilver, table and pocket cutlery, firearms, paints and colors, G. I tiles, brushes, lead piping, tubular iron bedsteads, "dating nalia, lemonade and ginger-beer bottles, turpentine, canvas, hollow ware, axe and pick handles, courtrooms, washboards, shot, zinc nails, anvils, Gol'inna ace, j sick", broad and claw hatchets, L H and D H shovels, roster's spades, iron wire, whitelead, glass' ware, solar side lamps, chininojB, wicks, blister steel, lacks, hay forks, three bushel corn sacks, close ties hinges, Jim looks. Morewood's, Tupper and Carre corra, ited galvanised-iron perforated zinc, clothes ] has, set ows, hoots and shoes, felt hats, Panama hats, mole trousers, still and sparkling hock. Mu canal, No case, port wine (in hhds , quarter casks, of J cases), sherry (in hhds , quarter casks, and cases), South. tons bitters, whisky (In cases), soner, geneva (in barrels, and half cases), Byass s bottled beer, J misses rum, Iii High brandy, seltzer water CLE vi. BROTHERS and Co, 114 Lon dale (foot west 423 mar 10 OPIUM, colonial, isinglass, various tinctures in a letter mint, bergamot, lemon, limejuice. Chellew s 72 Flinders-lane east 393 maris ON SALE, CHINA MATTING 11, 5 1 and 0 J Cheap Also a variety of fancy goods Wm Fawcett and Co , 85 Flinders lane eva 1 lb and 18 PIANO London made full compass Cheap AlfO, several valuable oil paintings 1 awn office Richmond Bridge radios mar 2" 3 PHOTOGRAPHY. - Tull simi CAMIRA, 17s, small sizes, HI. Mr Bottrill 11 Mail east of, Emerald Hill IU uni I Ï>HArTON'J, dog carts, gigs, cars, new and second hand, from London, at Hadley s, coach i ml 1er, St Kilda 66 in 12) PIANOFORTE on SALE, byOlcvo Droll us and Co , IU Lonsdale street west £7 mar 19 PERfUMERY- RIMMEL'S LAVENDER, toilet vinegar, and exquisite perfumery At pointe! agents r Victoria Levy Brothers, Queen's Arcade 2bu june PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, comprising; - cases, frames, chemicals, and every day' I quite ii of apple rains generally used in the art constat tly n SALE, at Batcheldor and O'Neill's photographic establish" ment, 67 Collins-street east O') may 12 ROPE for hay bands, 6d lbs Hide and to Calle, X 150 Elisabeth meet a ( on 11 REGISTER GRATES, in great v r r -300 oil and SALE, at prices varying from £2 te 9-0. P Laney 1 Blue Co , Ironmongers. Collins and Liu bath arcade 197 near 10 R RETIRING from business and SKLLlisU oil the whole STOCK, at prices much lower than first cost Must be cleared out in six days from this date. G K Johnston, 58 Elizabeth-street 70 mar 20 SPRING CARTS, various sizes, on SALE, cheap. Also pony chaise-cart. 66 Hanover street, Co!. ringwood £71 near to STRING TRUCK for SALE. Choip.~Xpplj' Mt Colt, in Little Napier-street Collingwood 64 line 17 SELL.ER WATER - Genuine SHUTTER WATER Direct shipment J. Katzenstein and Co , 24 Little Collins street east. of 4 min 18 STOVES -REGISTERED STOVES, new patterns and elegant designs. Largest assortment in the colony J. and J. Bennett, 25 Bourke-street. is 253 may 7 SPRING CARTS, trucks, dog-cart, and chaff cutters, at Harman and Davis's, 121 Russell streets 82 mar 17 SULPHURIC ACID, in Winchester square and are, on SALE 54 Little Collins street east. Above Police-court. 125 marie ST. PETERSBURG NEVA STEARINE CAL LEES-The Subscribers have now been ap r our ted SOLE CONSIGNEES In Victoria for those CANDLES, and have just received 150 cheats from St. Petersburg via London port Eclipse, to be followed by regular shipments during the season. These candles are warranted to stand 120 degrees Fahrenheit, and have been long known and valued as in every way the most suitable description of candle for the Australian colonies Each chest contains twelve boxes, and each box twenty-four 1-lb. packages of candles : short C's. As only a limited supply can be procured from the Neva Works, at St. Petersburg, for exportation to Vic- toria, intending purchasers of these candles are requested to make early application to the agents here, WESTGARTH, ROSS, and CO., Market-street. 1067 salt c runs BAKERS. Fine fresh unadulterated YEAST, JL always on SALE, at Cremorne Brewery, at 3s. per gallon. If. mar 22 rivO FURNITURE DEALERS,Gtldors, so Silvered JL GLASS for Mirrors, Cheval, Dressing Glasses-, c., on SALE by Flint Ramsay and Co., 122, Collins-street west op 19 » TO GLAZIERS and Glass Doalora.-PLAÎÏ:-GLASS J. and Chan co's Crown, Shoes, Patent Pinto, Patent Rough Plate, &c; also Silvered Glass For Mirrors, Dressing Glasses, Ac, on SALE by Flint Ramsay and Co., 122 Collins-street west 36 ap 10 rno FARMERS, Gardeners, and others DONE X MANURE, from £8 per ton. Flemington Bono Mille 930 mary 7 TO PUOTOGRAPIIERS-Wholo-plato LENS for SALE, warranted. £0 3 Bourke-street east. Worth attention. 06 WANTED, a PURCHASER for an OPOSSUM RUG Apply at the Saddler's, Eastern Market. 228 w w ATER CASKs and IRON TANKS, various sizes. H. W. Patton, Timber-yard King- street, Wharf, 031 mar 20 WHITING, corks, and bottles on SALE. 64 Little Collins-street east. First door above Police court 120 mar '20 WATER CASKS. WATER-TANKS.-Water-casks water-tanks, always on SALE. Ingles, Adam and Gresham, Sandridge. _ 27 up 13 ZINC-Five tons, 8 and 0 for SALE, at Carter and Watts, 7 Collins street east SO mar 18 BRISCOE and Co., wholesale Ironmonger, are now landing, ex Emily Farmer a, Chancellor, Queen of the East, and other ships, Perforated zinc, Day and Martin's blacking, lamp black Raw and boiled oil, turns, gutta-percha stubble;, double and single pulley blocks Cocoa bro scrub brushes, Whitewash and bin istor brushes Engine packing, cotton-waste, candlewick, side line Liverpool kitchen ranges, green wire nursery fenders Register grates, hall stoves, cottage grates, polished steel Fire Irons Bright steel and bronze founders, solar suspending lamps Avery's platform weighing machines, will back rail, counter, and stand scales Milner's, Perry and Price's fireproof safes, and deed boxes [ Seaming twine, Canadian advice, fluted and round bar gridirons Patent butt hinges, Bash centres. Lockwood's horse rasps Lead pipe, 16 inches to 2 inches ; shoot load, 3. lbs. to 3 lbs., hoop iron, 1 inch to 2 inches. Rodgers's and Warner's cutlery-. Sorby and Sons' saws, tools, etc Stubbs' and Warrnu'o tiles, folloo teams, enamelled wash basins 'ruined milk pans, bullock chains, 7-inch Wrought spikes Turned Edge households, round her Schell's, Well kerb and Eloy's percussion caps Glass lanterns, horn and crystal do Brassfounders', large assortment, stock brushes, dusters Briscoe's horse shoes, Attwood's anvils, A. BRISCOE and Co., 08 and 68Elizaboth-streot ; ear Wm. Briscoe and Son, Wolverhampton. 300 BLACKSMITHS, Wheelwrights, Contractors. - Bar and rod iron, best brands and sizes Oval and half round iron ; feather edged Iron, for nay demands Corner plates, sheet iron bred blister, cast, shear, and spring Horseshoe and nails, bolts and nuts, coach-screws Axles and axle arms, finished and turned Axle blocks, Carron boxes Patent mail axles, springs, scroll irons and clips Gig steps, gig wheels and axles Shoeing or forcing plates Waggon wheels, axles, and plummer blocks; waggons Barrow wheels and mountings ; navvy barrows Felloes (Hubs and gum), every size and radius Spokes oak, lightwood, and ironbark NavoB, 8 to 10 inches, of cha boxwood, and apple tree Shafts, plough handles and beans, bullock poles Ash j. bank, English and American Hickory, oak, ash, and blackwood plank Bolts and nuts, washers, i to 3 inches Spikes, 5 to 8 inches j nails-wrought, cut, and countersunk Lead, white and red ! paints, oils, and colors Derrick and quarry cranes, quarry tools. Carron Yard, 72 Flinders-lane east and 122 to 123 Little Lonsdale and Latrobe streets west. The quality and assortment of the above are unexceptionable. Inspection is invited. Prices having been revised and much reduced. CAIRNS, WILSON, and AMOS J. 187 men in w is It CHINA, Glass, and Earthenware, and Iron Bed- steads Now landing, ex Emily Farnum, and to arrive, on June 15 Paine, Witch of the Ware, and Ultonia, 20 crates of assorted earthenware 20 do dinner services 20 do jugs and mugs 10 do. butters and stands 300 do. plates 70 do. cups and saucers 10 do. bowls. 80 do. meat, vegetable, and pie dishes 20 do. china breakfast were "60 do. chamber services SO do. chambers CO hhds. tumblers and alia G do. confectioners and covers 0 do. decanters and wines 0 do. cruets, salts, sugars, and creams' CO cases iron bedsteads-stump,Frencb, tent, and square top 12 do. children's cots, various 2 do. do, carriages 8 do floor-cloth 1 do. self-acting corks. Anj assortment of the above lease, or repacked in quantities to suit the trade, on SALE at HENRY STEWARD'S, 31 Flinders-lane east, between Elizabeth and Swanston streets. 144 hp 3 FRESH SHIPMENTS of the following GOODS. i Just received and on SALE by the undersigned, Stationery Cabinet goods Perfumery Jewellery Brushware Berlin wools Combs Druggists' sundries Cutlery Toys Electro-plated goods Musical instruments Portemonnaies Basketware Glassware Perambulators. Storekeepers will find it to their advantage to visit the establishment, where they will find an assorted stock not to be equalled in the colonies. LEVY BROTHERS, Queen's Arcade. 829 mar 20 JAMES M'EWAN and Co. have on SALE the undermentioned goods, ex late arrivals, 20 tons best glazed blasting powder 100 barrels Hall's HE powder, In J b. flasks 10 casks gutta percha waterproof fuze 200 drums purest colza oil, in 5-gallon drums 800 drums boiled oil 100 drums raw oil 100 drums turpentine 10 tons best white lead, in 2-lb, kegs 20 tons Nos, 6 and 10 zinc 6, 7, and 8 foot galvanised corrugated iron Black corrugated iron for fencing Chinese oil, in cases and jars Rodgers' cutlery Sorby's tools. _ 250 mar 17 O ON SALE by the undersigned, - Glazed Stoneware drainpipes, 3 to 12 inches Terra-cotta chimney tops Flooring tiles, glazed stoneware plaster-of-paris, fine quality, half-casks Whiting and Chalk, 3cwt. casks Cornent, best brands Stoneware and chinaware Earthenware, every description Gingerbeer bottles and corks. J. DOULTON, 01 Flinders-lane west, opposite Murphy's Brewery. 29 mar 25 ON SALE, by the undersigned, Doubloroao Cork butter. Invoices oilmen's stores. Bass's ale, in dozen cases. Truman's porter, In 4 do do. ByaBh's deals 4 do do. Scotch and Irish oats. Californian and Calcutta do. V.D.L. seed and food do. Sugars, teas, &c.; ROBERTSON and STEVENSON, 4 Flinders-lane west. 170 mar 17 ON SALE, by the Undersigned, ex late arrivals,-. Grain, calf and kip American mining boots Wellingtons, elastic sides, brogan's, call an enamelled Women's and children's boots and shoes H award Co. superior manufacture of India-rubber overshoes and boots of every description. All of desirable styles and sizes. JAMES F. MAGUIRE and Co., 30Klng-Btreot. 012 mar 20 ON SALE by the undersigned, ex late arrivals, Price's patent Belmont sperm candles Charcoal tin-plates, I C and I X Soda ash Soda cr j state Refined sugar Geneva, 4 gallon cases United Viney and Company's brandy, hides. and quarter-casks West India rum, 63 o. p. Sw nine, Boord, and Co's old tom, cases Pigeon and Son's do, do Booth's do, do Booth's cordial gin, hhds. and quarter-casks iBlavmalt whisky Hosiery Soi go shirts Boots and shoes Winter clothing, of all descriptions. HYAM and Co. 83 and 86 Queen Street. 60 mar 25 ON SALE, Cloj cr and rye-grass seed Galvanised and corrugated sheet-iron Do fencing-wire Zinc and zinc nails Room papers and brushware Sarscnot and velvet ribbons Hosiery and slop clothing Prints, longcloth, lawns Brown hollands and cool cotton Cnrrlago cloth Sherry, in Hhds und quarters Port wine, in cases and in wood Geneva and gin, in cases Star and Brandon's candles Furniture Carpets. O NEUIIAUSS, HALLER, and Co, 110 Flinders lane. 100 mar 17 20 RALEIGHS, DAUGLISH, WHITE, and Co have on SALE, at their stores, Raleigh's Wharf, Sherry Burdon's, Gosons's, and Oldham's, in hogsheads, quarters, and octaves Port, Oflloy's, in hogsheads and quarters Brandy, U V P, in hogsheads Rum, West India, 10 O.F Old tom, in bulk and case, William's, and Evans' Whisky, Scotch, In cases, Byass's Ale. and stout, bottled-Marzctti's, Hibbert's and a Evans' ' Sodawater, Schweppe's Boots and shoes, MnnOeld's and Sharman's Brown Windsor soap Neva Stearine candles, genuine Plate glass, seaming twine assorted invoices of Firth's Saws, edge tools, c. 082 mar 31 alt Building nylons. AMERICAN LUMBER, deals, quartering, battens, water casks and tanks, etc H W. Patton, 6 King street, Wharf 038 mar 20 AMERICAN and BALTIC LOGS, Deals, Battens, Shelving, Flooring, Lining, Clear and Pitch Pine Joiners' Works, consisting of doors and windows, skirtings, architraves, mouldings, and flooring, in stock Or made to order A liberal discount to the trade Chironcj pieces-On SALE, a large assortment of Chimnoyplcco, In statuary, veined, white, black, car- dilla, and down, Enamelled, Slate, and cedar Flagging, window-sills, and hearths Register grates, for drawing rooms, parlors, and bedrooms. Edmund Westby and Co , Collins-street east, and Flinders lane west (near King street) AT REDUCED RATES -=? Blacksmiths' and Wheelwrights, Material -Large arrivals of SPOKES, naves, felloes, axles, axle blocks and Iron just landed, and selling at much reduced rates, Inspection invited. Carron Yard, 72 Flinders lane cast, and 122 to 123 Little Lonsdale street west 473 mar 22 d and w AMERICAN and BALTIC LOGS, deals, battens, shelving, flooring, clear and pitch pines ; joiners' work, consisting of doors and windows, skirtings, orchin ages mouldings, and flooring, In stock or made to order A liberal discount to the trade Chimney procession SALE, a large assortment of chimney pieces, in statuary, veined white, block barrells, and love, enamelled slate, and cedar , Hogging, windows ellis and hearth stones ; register grates, drawing room, parlor, and bed-room EDMUND WESTBY and CO , Collins street east, and Flinders-lane west, near King street. 230 BEAMS or PILES - Hardwood got to order. Cheap Dandenong Timber Yate, 70 Stephen street, opposite Eastern Market 114 mar 23 BOARDS -flooring, lining, and weather. Water casks and tanks. H. W. Patton, 0 King-street Wharf 632 mar 20, BRICKS -2,000,000 colonial-made BRICKS at reduced rates A Robertson, Toorak Brien Works or to Downing, Griffith, and Co , Queen street. 020 mar 10 CORRUGATED BLACK IRON, for racing and roofing cheap. Porter Brothers Iron yard, Elizabeth street north. 103 mar 19 CAST-IRON PILLARS, 11 to 14 feet ; Water Pipes, 8 4, 60 and 7 inch ; EavOB, wlthlioppors, too pipes and holdfasts, O. G. Eaves, with lion's head angles and joints, Sheet Lead, from 8 to 7 lbs Edmund Westby and Co. 127 mar 31 CARRON YARD, 72 Flinders lane cast, and, 124 to 128 Little Lonsdale street west On SALE, Deals and hatters, rod and white, 7 23 to 11 x 3, cut and solid Beams and planking, lining and weatherboards Deal and hardwood quartering, paling, shingles American 0 and T lumber and shelving boards, clear pine Scotch board!, O. and T., 0 x J, 2,1, and 12 inches Oak, ash, and hickory planks Cedar, in log, board and scanning Doors, panelled, sash, and casement Sashes, sash frames, casements, c Architraves, moulds and skirling, in pine and cedar mantelpiece, in deal, cedar, marble, and! slate Slates, Battens, and nails Sheet lead, line, and galvanised iron, and tiles Iron columns, flagging, and sewerage pipes Lime, laths, cement, plaster, and hair 405 mar 22 d L wk ( MENT and PLASTER Roman, Portland, super Vy uno and Parian CEMENTS ; plaster, in whole and half casks, lime, laths, lath nails, and cow hair. Carron Yard 400 mar 22 d and w ~>UR1.UGA1ED GALVANISED IRON, at 30s per cwt Blli,htlydamog°d At Carron Yard 401 mar 22 d and wk c lAsT iRON COLUMNS, Firobrieks, Fireclay, Flag- raging beworago-Plpos, Cement Carron Yard, 7\. 1 liidersl.noeast 498mar22dand wk U/MNAOL-P1PE8. -2, 2s, 3d, 4, 6 6, and 7 u, inches, Cast Iron, extra strong, in 4 and 6 foot ii.rit.lhp These goods have been imported expressly for a drainage purposes to this colony, and will be found a r r it efficient and cheap mode of drainage. EDMUND WESTBY and Co , Flinders-lane * 118 mar J.Q c I CEDAR. Cedar. Cedar i. "Cr ~~ ss Melbourne. Swan-street At at ENRICHMENTS for CEILINGS *»-h--~¡ , PAPIER-MACHE Ei^OHMENTS^^5 of Mouldings for cornices, flowers for Tui0Mlrttaif Trusses for shop fronts,, moulded in Si,,lom?i!_» are superior to plaster in overy^osDeet RSA and fd Co., Collins-street .ffitgg!^ FLOORING BOARDS, best Scotch and nearly. s1reetfrÄ,lnd to ST' says 'that mar 22 FOR SALE by D. OWEN, (of late rains rv-»"7 and Wallis) A'Beckett-street o»«Vn0wÄ& (X Sebastian Cabot, from New York 'anning 420,000 feet American timber, consisting of clean. mmbcPr Pass' 8h<>lVlng' TI e. w O. 70,000 feet of cedar, J to 2 in. thick 8,000 red deals, 9 and 118 70,000 five and six-feet palings 80,000 lott blue-gum, 7 to inches, long lengths -10,000 foot of pitch pine, 12 to 16, f and g All kinds of timber for sale at the lowest current, A'Beckett-street east, near Elizabeth-street. 182 mar 26 GALVANIZED SHEET IRON. Belgians 15 tons of corrugated galvanised sheet iron. 20 vi 28 gauge, assorted lengths ' w 12 do. do., more or less damaged, at 30s. to EKHJ nor cwt. 30s 10 do. corrugated galvanised iron (Morewood Rogers, and Co.'?), 24 gauge ia",Two0vl 16 do. Sheet zinc, Nos. 6 and 10 in 5cwt. caskS 10 do. do. do., slightly damaged, at 38s. per cwt Sheet lead in roll, and cut to size lend pine CARRON YARD, 72 Flinders-lane east. 2400 mar 22 d Jjwk GALVANISED IRON, CO and holf-ilmiiTsDmit« ing, ridging and down pipes, in. all sizes, made by machinery, from Moorwood area Rogers, host iron, largest and cheapest stock in the colony. James Cross, 28 Little Collins-street west. 245 GALVANISED CORRUGATED IRON, all lengths and gauges, on SALE. John Carter, 102 Little Bourke-street west._ 211 mar 23 GALVANISED CORRUGATED IRON, curved ter any radius, for roofs of verandahs. John Carter Little Bourke-street west. 242 mar 23 3 GALVANISED CORRUGATED TINNED IRON! in sheets and tiles, 24 to 28 gauge, Gutters and. Down Pipe, Sheet Zinc, now landing and for SALE at reduced prices. Edmund Westby and Com- 125 mar 30 G GALVANISED SHEET 24 and 26 gauges on SALE. Porter Brothers, Elizabeth-street north. 16s merino GALVANISED CORRUGATED IRON, HglitOU ganges, 0, 7, and 8 feet long, Porter Brothers EH-qboth-Blroot northerns mor 10 HICKORY, ash, oak, and blackwood, first qualities, well-seasoned, assorted lengths and thick messes. Edmund Westby and Co 27 ap 12 HARDWOOD JOISTS, quartorintf,battons, posts, rails, and palings, H. W. Patton, 0 King street, Wharf. 930 mar '20 ("IRON HOUSES, large and small, for SALE. A L bargain. Thomas Evans, 18 Elizabeth-street south, 88 mar 22 IRONMONGERY. An extensive assortment of Builders'' IRONMONGERY, consisting of "Locks. Hinges, Stink traps, Air Bricks, perforated Sheep Drain Pipes, Ewbank's American cut lath and other Nails, suitable for the building trade generally. Edge mund Westby and Co. 124 mar 31 MARBLE CHIMNEY PIECES of new designs, carved and plain. Cheap, Osborn, Cushing and Co., 41 Flinders-lane east. 157 mar 18 "ARBLE FLAGGING, for halls and verandahs, on a - SALE, by Osborn, Cushing and Co., 41 Fha declare cost. 100 maris w MOULDINGS, Architraves, Skirtings, and Beads,' MotildB, door architrave, and base, 11 to 4 In. Architraves, 8 to 7 Inciter, double and single faced. skirting boards, 6 to 16 inches wide. Beads, cornice moulds, &c.; A large assortment of the above always in stock, in pine and cedar. Moulds and architraves (straight; or circular) prepared to any Bottom. A liberal discount to the trade Carron Yard, 72 Flinders-lane east, and 122 to 123 La Trobe street west. 473 mar 22 and wk. ONE HUNDRED and FIFTY THOUSAND SCOTCH FLOORING, landing, pinch to J. G. and H. Gregory, William-street, 204 mar 16 ON SALE.-; 160 000 foot, 8-inch, white pine, T and a flooring £0,000 do, 4 to 2 inch, white pine, clear £0,000 do, Finch white pine, clear 20,000 do white pine weatherboards 20,000 ilo, 4-inch, white pine shelving 20,000 do, is inch, white pine flooring 10,000 do, 2 inch, white pine plank 20,000 do pitch pine flooring. THROCKMORTON and CO., Raleigh's Wharf. 2000 mar 27 PAPEKHANGINGS, Sionna, white, marble, orders c. Henry Brooks, 16 and 18 Stephen-street south 240 mar 22 d and wk PLATE-GLASS Sizes 10 x 6 downwards. Large stock at reduced prices. Henry Brooks, Stephen-street south 260 mar 22 d and wk PLASTER-PARIS, just landed, in splendid "chair Hon. Henry Brooks, 16 and 18 Stephen-street south 251 mar 22 d and wk PATENT PLATE WINDOW GLASS, large supply" both In stock and to arrive Henry Brooks, Stephen-street south 248 mar 22 d and wk PORTLAND CEMENT. - 000 barrels Wouldhaiu patent Portland CEMENT, now landing, ex Emily Farnham. Superior quality, and in first rate order. Dyer's, 7 Queen-street. 235 mar 25 POSTS. rails, paling, 5 and 6 foot ; water-casks and tanks. H. Patton, King-street, Wharf. s PATENT CIRCULAR GALVANISED CORR. GATED IRON TANKS (awarded the gold medal by the Industrial Exhibition of IS08)-Ilia Patentee, John Carter, invites attention to them, as they will be found both ornamental and durable,' 1 actor), 102 Little Bourke-street west. 141 mar 28 PORTLAND CEMENT. Now landing, boat brand in market. Strongly recommended by Fox. Henderson, and Co., contractors, England. J. DoullcnJ 81 Flinders lane w oat. 8 SHOP-FRONTS.-Chance's SHEET GLASS, in size of 60 x 82, 62 x 30, and under, particularly adapted for shop fronts, as a cheap substitute for plate glass. Henry Brooks, 16 and 18 Stcphcn-itrco. south._^_247 mar 22 d and wk STUCCO WASH John and Co.'s Patent Pcraa ment STUCCO WASH, a beautiful and cheap substitute for the common lime wash and water color, for SALE, by Dickson, Williams, and Co., 44 Collins-street west. 80 ap 7 LATES Duchess, Countess, and Lady. Swan street Timber Yard 110 SLATE HEARTHSTONES, the best ever imported! Also cheap Tombstones and enamelled Mantels pieces. Collingwood Stono- worhs._269 mar 18 TANKS.- Carter's patent galvanised corrugated iron TANKS, manufactured to any size. 102 Little Bourke-street west. 150 mar 23 TWO four-roomed HOUSES, newly done up, to be LET, in Church street, Richmond, near the mer. Apply at the Swan-street Timber Yard. 120 TO CONTRACTORS and QUARRYMEN. Dorn JL and Quarry CRANES, bogies, crowbars, summer, hammers, wedges, and waggons, by the cat Scotch makers. Carron Yard, 72 Flinders line east. 404 mar 22 d and wk WINDOW CASES complete. French doors and casements. Cedar mantelpieces. Cheap. Carron Yard. 601 mar 22 d and wk WINDOW-GLASS-Chanco's patent plate, sheet, crown, rolled rough plate, colored, ornamental, and obscured, either In cases as sent from the works. or cut, and carefully repacked to order. Henry Brooks, importer and wholesale and retail dealer In window-glass, paperhangings, lead, all, brushes, years Father, is., 11 and 13 Stephen-street south 240 mar 22 d and wk SA AAA Foot CLEAR PINE, in logs and ÖVV.VvU planks, assorted, J, l, 1, it, 16 2, 3, inches thick. 2,000 pieces White Pine 8 small planks, 7, 9, and 11 inches wide. Now landing, in prime order. Edmund Westby and Co., Flinders-lane. 144 april 20 f*¡/\ five FEET Scotch and American FLOORS every ING and joisting, at reduced prices. Ttan'B yard, Bridge-road, Richmond. 115 mar 10 A A AA A FEET hardwood JOIST and quarters ïV,VVV ing. Lime, hair, and laths. Egnn'S yard, Richmond-road. 110 man TO O ARMY RED DEALS, solid and cut at reduced prices. QAAJ of Launceston and Hobart Town PALI Not UV,VvU and battens, at reduced prices. spin's yard Bridge-road, Richmond. 114 mar 19 Six AAA COUNTESS SLATES, blue and pink: OVJ,VUV Bangor ; slating, battens, laths. are gory'slivnbor-jard, William-street. 277 man in t AA AAA Feet LINING, weatherboards, cut J W.Al/l/ deals, quartering, and joisting. G. and li. Gregory, William Street. 247 war 28 1 SA AAA American and Scotch FLOORING. .LÖV.UUU fire bricks. Gregory 's timber-yard, SA AAA PALINGS, 5 and 6 feet. Cheap. Gre OvAlifU gory's Timber-yard, William street, opposite Western Market. on Rd AAA Foot of light spruce QUARTERING, DVJVVFV weather and lining boards, battens. are. For up-country trade. Carron Yard. 400mar 22 draw] w k K S lOO DOWNES. and SASHES, now HH Bold Hunter. Quality except 8 AAA RED DEALS, 0, and 11, 18 ; assorted ,VVVf lengths. Stacked on swamp rescue, and now ready for delivery. Carron Yard. 480 mar 22 d and wk RA A ft A F' HARDWOOD, 3 12, at 10s. per; SUEUR 100. Dandenong Timber-yard, No. 70Stophon-stroot._ 278 mar z i) A the A A Fleet American G. and T. LUiH %Ul>,UvU BER, Shelving and pitch paid Braids in the yards and on the Wharf. C-»'Tn.«,ri» 488 mar 22 a son TO j 