Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. Notice to Drapers and Others. THE SALE of the large RETAIL STOCK of DRAPERY, at WADE'S mart, this day, will commence at 11 o'clock sharp. Drapers, country storekeepers, dealers, and others are particularly invited to attend. "w No Reserve.. 1972 THIS DAY, Flannels. Flannels. To Drapers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street east, at 12 o'clock, D and Co., S 46-47-8 bales Imitation Welsh flannels. Just landed, ex Gertrude. Terms at Sale. 2072 THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern 8-4 Groys, ox Gertrude. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart', 80 Collins. street east, at 12 o'clock, - S over C. B. and Co., 2 2, 4, and 8-8 bales heavy 72-in. greys. Slightly damaged by sea water. Ex Gertrude, Terms-Cash,_'2072 THIS DAY. Flowers, Hosiery, Plaids. i J WADE of Wade and Gowan will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, 82 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, August 10, at 12 o'clock, B. B. and Co., S 1, 2-2 cases fancy flowers and wreaths 8, 4-2 do women's white cotton hose 562 do fancy wool plaids. Terms at Sale. 2972 "" THIS DAY. ~~ She Stock of a Retail Draper Retiring from Business. To be Sold Without any Reserve. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been a favored with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins- street east, on Tuesday, August 10, commencing at 11 o'clock, A retail stock of drapery, consisting of Fancy striped silks Do bonnet ribbons Ladies' mantles Do fancy dresses Do morning dresses, made up Cashmere and plaid shawls Women's and children's hose Do polkas Prints and calicoes Coburgs and alpacas Ladles'underclothing Children's dresses Habit shirts and chemisettes > Millinery and haberdashery And a variety of other goods. Terms cash. No reserve. 2010 THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. ~ Extensive Sale of 100 Packages Grey Calicoes. American Ducks. Tent Cloths. Grey Domestics. . ' Flannels. Slops, &o.; Just Landing, From the Donald McKay. To Warehousemen, Tentmakers, Railway Contractors, Drapers, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Buyers from the Diggings and the Neighboring ,. Colonies. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, is in J a receipt of instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, 82 Collins street east, on Thursday, August 12, commencing at 3 o'clock sharp, The following new goods': W G over M in diamond, K under, -8J26.126-2 bales 80 and 100 inch Croydon 127,128-2"do 90 and 100 inch Wigan do 128,130-2 do 72-inch Wigan and double warp do 181-146-16 do 30-inch American ducks 147-164-8 do 36-inch do -166-163-9 do 72-inch waterproof tent cloths 164-168-6 do 36-inch grey domestics 169-172-4 do 36-inch do 178-178- 6 do 36-inch do > 179-182-4 do 82-inch tartan ginghams 188-187-1 costs chintz furnitures 188-101-4 bales electoral flannels 162-104-3 do 72-inch heavy grey calicoes 106-167-8 do 72-inch medium do 108, 1992 do 30-inch heavy grey calicoes 200-202-8 do crossovers. X in triangle, W at eldo, 62-66-4 cases men's shepherds' plaid trousers 66-69-4 do do fancy doe do 60-62-8 do men's and boys' fancy tweed vests 68-69-7 do men's stout millers'' mole trousers 70-79-10 bales men's heavy Scotch twill shirts 80,81-2 do do blue pilot American pea jackets 82,88 2 do heavy American grey shirts. The above goods are in splendid order, and well worth the attention of all buyers. Terms-Under £100, cash ; above £100 and under f SOO, at three months' ; above £200, three and four PonthB', approved endorsed acceptances. 2010 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. Important Sale of Miscellaneous Merchandise. Being the Stock-in-Trade of a General Dealer, Retiring from Business. J LYONS and Co. are instructed by the a proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, August 11, at t 11 o'clock, A large quantity of general merchandise, removed to the rooms of the auctioneers for the convenience of Bale, and consisting of Meerschaum pipes and pipe stems, wire dish covers in sets ; English manufactured soaps, looking-glasses, assorted Ironmongery, hand- some vases, corkBcrows, vases, guns, percus- sion caps, wood screws, flat irons, knives and forks, do In cases of 60 pieces; table, hall, and other lamps; portemonnaleB, whips, Penny's memorandum books, gilt edges ; wax and leather dolIs,atsorted toys.sovonand eight hole plated rcvolvlngtruet-f frames, cut bottles : telescopes, lamp shades, handsaws, assorted files, cash boxes, carriage lamps, to. Terms Cash, and noltesoivo._ ?""""" WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. To Watch and Clock Makers, Jewellers, Hotelkeepers, and Others. LYONS and Co. are instructed by the s importer to SELL by AUCTION, at their, mart, Burke-street, on Wednesday, August 11,; at 11 o'clock, 40 cases superior fancy iron and bronze clocks, eight-day time, and strike the hours, with glass centres. These are very handsome articles, either for the small, table, or mantelpiece ; the descriptive figures. being after the best English models, and will be sold in lots to suit purchasers, and Without any reserve. _Terms-OaBh._ *" WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. Immigrants' Boxes, with Wearing Apparel. J LYONS and Co. are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, August 11, at 11 clock, i A quantity of immigrants' boxes and luggage, with their contents, to cover expenses, \- Terms Cash. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Sale of Portion of the Wild Wood Estate, being part of Portion No. 1 Parish of Bolinda. THEY M. TENNENT and Co. are Instructed W . OY Rawdon Greene, Esq of Woodlands, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on an early day. due notice of which will be given, i If not disposed of by private contract, < 800 acres, more or less, in the parish of Bolinda, part of portion No. 1, situate in close proximity to the western branch of the Saltwater River, and abuts on the main Lancefield-road. This valuable section is a very short distance from the rising township of Sunbury, and the Mount Alexander Railway passes through the property. Further particulars in future advertisement, when the survey is completed. ~ - Feran Very Liberal. 00 THIS DAY, : To Parties in Quest of Small Farms at a Short Disr 1 tance from Melbourne ; being Portion 28, Parish of .. Scoresby, County of Mornington, on the Dandenong; Creek. TXr M, TENNENT and Co. are instructed 'II. by thenroprlotor» to OFFER for SALE, by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 10, at 12 o'clock, All that section of land, beautifully situate on the Dandenong Creek, about 10 miles from Melbourne, and being portion 26. The whole has been subdivided, as per plan, to be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers, In £5? as a"s (call farmers wd market-gardeners. The land In W -H watered and wooded, and is high and dry. is well worthy the attention of agriculturists, and parties, looking out for investments. <? Terms very liberal. ', Title-Crown Grant, 126 THIS DAY. Brunswick-street, Collingwood. In the Insolvent Estate of Charles Morey, of Collins. ~ ^ ... wood, Draper, By Order of Alexander Laing, Esq , Official Assignee. WM. TENNENT and Co. have received a instructions to SELL by AUCTION at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 16 at 12 o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage to Brunswick street. Collingwood of 88 foot by a depth of 74 feet, with right of-way to Hanover Street. Upon this land is erected COMMERCE HOUSE, Of brick and stone shop, with elegant plate glass fronts. The promises can easily be converted into two shops, per original design, each 20 foot and 421 feet in depth, with kitchen and out-houses In the rear, and on the first-floor diningroom, parlor, and several bedrooms The shop contains cedar fixtures, four cedar counters, with handsome casQttlngs, &c.; The property is well designed, and has been otto the last five years at £700 per annum. Title guaranteed. Terms-Half cash, balance by bills at four months', hearing Bank Interest. 1937 THIS DAY. To Small Tanners, Agriculturists, Marketgnrdenors. _ and Others., Section of Land at Oakleigh, Subdivided into Convenient Allotments. By Order of the Mortgagee. "MT M. TENNENT and Co. are instructed J T. . DV the mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 19, at 12 o'clock. All that splendidly-situated section of land, containing by admeasurement 98 acres 1 rood and 16 perches, and being portion 43, parish of Mulgrave, subdivided into convenient allotments, varying from 6 to 10 acres each. This property is situated exactly opposite the village of Oakleigh, and has a frontage to the Scotchman's Creek, from which a road runs through the property, into the Government road The allotments have all been pegged out by the surveyor, and are most suitable for small agriculturists and [nrorkotgardonors, the distance from town being very small, and having the advantage of good roads passing through the populous district of Prahran. There is abundance of water to be obtained on the property, there being several fine springs. A plan of the property is now on view at the rooms of the auctioneers, and a tracing of the same is left and posted at Gibson's Inn, in the village of Oakleigh. Lithographic copies can also be obtained at the inn, and at the rooms of the auctioneers. The property will be put up first In one lot, and, if not sold, will be offered as per plan of sub-division. Terms Liberal, at Sale. 1967 THIS DAY. Valuable City Property, Between Bourke and Little Collins streets, and Known as Mr. Jennings's GIngorboor Manufactory. By Order of the Mortgagees, and with the Concurrence of the Official Assignee. WM. TENNENT and Co. are instructed by the agent of the mortgagees, and with the concurrence of the Official Assignee, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street on Tuesday, August 16, at 12 o'clock, Those valuable central premIses, Situated in McKillop-street, Melbourne, between Bourke and Little Collins streets, and immediately ppo site to Kirk's Bazaar, lately occupied by Mr. John Jennings as a ginger beer manufactory, having a frontage of 73 feet to M'Killop-street, by a depth of 60 feet, with comfortable dwelling-house and large manufacturing premises erected thereon, more particularly described in a mortgage deed, dated August 7, 1854, and detailed in "The Argus " of the 5th July. Title guaranteed. Terms at Sale. 1771 THIS DAY. Unexpired Lease of 18 years of Two Bluestone Stores, Situate in LaTrobe- street, close to Swanston-street. Part of Allotment No. 8, Section 87. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 10, at 12 o'clock, The unexpired lease of 18 years, without ground rent, of those two very superior bluestone stores, situate in LaTrobe-street, near Swanston street, having a frontage of 45 foot by a depth of 60 feet to a right-of-way at the rear. These stores are very substantially built of blue- stone, are in excellent preservation, and at present let to Messrs. Marks and Taylor and Gessner and Hide. The situation is an improving one, and being in close proximity to the leading thoroughfare to the diggings, is extremely convenient for drays loading for the various localities. The land is released from ground rent, the title unexceptionable, and terms will be liberal. 1678 THIS DAY. At 11 o'clock. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of the Stock-in-Trade of Messrs. Kirk, Ross, and Co. By Order of the Trustees. To Livery-stable Keepers, Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at the stores of Messrs Kirk, Bros and Co., corner of Swanston- street and Flinders lane, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 2,500 bushels Scotch oats , 1,000 do colonial do . 500 do Danish do 75 tons gram 6 split peas 800 bushels barley (Hayes) 16 tons Liverpool well-dressed rice, In barrels 44 boxes blue 26 casos'co'lmah'fl" mug tara 100 boxes patent candles 80 barrels American salmon I 80 cases pint salad oil ' 75 cases pint pickles | 10 do Mackie's biscuits , 0 do confectionary 20 do arrowroot (tins) > 15 pockets Kent hops I 10 do American do 1 2 bales cloves 24 packages ground cinnamon 10 cases tartaric acid 80 boxes young hyson 6 cases shop twine 6 casks saltpetre 20 cases maccaroni , 6 do Cayenne pepper, In bottle 8 quarter-casks vinegar 84 cases Feast-pint pickles I 12 do do sauces 8 do Bpico 16 do blacking 0 packages hams 1 bird port 10 tons fine salt 10 do coarse do 47 boxes Cork soap 14 half cases sardines 50 barrels pearl barley ' 16 casks whiting < 60 barrels Tyrer's stout 60 cases Byass's porter ' 2 cwt. sheepwash tobacco 5 cases pint vinegar, Crosse and Blackwell g 10 do mushroom catsup i 17 do claret 100 firkins butter 25 boxes honeydew 4 do 10s, do 40 cases geneva 3 qr. casks brandy , 10 cases tobacco, each four boxes, Briton's emblem 20 butts first-class Berries, In qr-casks and hds. 10 hhds Otard, Duproy, and Co.'s dark brandy 0 pipes port wine, Hunt's, and other high class nrnndB, c Terms at Sale. 1925 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. 10 Cases Scotch Mixture-, 117 M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by fV a AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns- street on Wednesday, August 11, at 12 o'clock, 10 cases Scotch mixtures, each 200 lbs. Terms at Sale._207» WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, and Others. Martell's. Hennessy's, Otard, Dupuy, and Co.'s, and London Dock Brandies. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 11, at 12 o'clock, at-. 14 half-pipes Martell's brandy 18 do do Hennessy's do 6 do do Otard, Dupuy, and Co's do 6 quarter-pipes London Dock do. Terms ntBale. 2074 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. Old Tom, Brandy, Sherry, W. I. Rum, do. WM, TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 11, at 12 o'clock, , 2 puncheons W. I. rum i 5 hhds. do ' 6 qr-casks brandy 7 hhds. old tom 2 do double-diamond sherry 18 cases brandy 20 casks Byass 2 porter, &c.; Terms at Sale. 2074 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST U. , t For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. <? 10 Cases York Hams. WM, TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 11, at 12 o'clock, 10 cases York hams. case On account of whom it may concern. Terms-Cash._""» WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. 1,000 Bushels Prime Scotch Oats. To livery-stable keepers, Storekeepers, and others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 11, at 12 o'clock, 1,000 bushels Scotch oats. A prime parcel. Now landed ready for delivery. Terms at Sale. 207 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 18. Sheep wash Tobacco, in Hamilton's Bonded Store. To Merchants, Squatters, and Others. , I TIN" M. TENNENT and Co. have received v W M instructions from the importers. Messrs. B Mer, Ricards, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at Hamilton's bonded store, on Wednesday, August 18: at about 30 tons very superior sheepwash tobacco,] This tobíccó'óníy'needs . trial to ensure its being: preferred Ip (pp? other quality previously used for »lup-v.-ihirg,- IoB|||lWfc 1967 J'S-' WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11 100 15-inch Sash-Frames. wv H' TINENT and Co. are instructed "M .. *<. BH 22 AUCTION, - their rooms. "clock ' on Wednesday AUST as at 12 100 dealers BaBh'fram0B> complete, of the best red Terms at Sale. 2041 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. 60 Firkins Butter. WM. TENNENT and Co. are in." structed to SELL by AUCTION, at their o'clock as on Wednesday August 11, at 12 60 firkins butter. Terms at Sale. 2014 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. _ To Merchants, Grocers, and Others-.! W MÂT?AENT^d Cowan MLA by 10s AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Wednesday, August 11, at 12 o'clock, ' Mauritius and other sugars, Belmont candles Oats, oilmen's stores, etc. Particulars in future advertisement. Terms at Sale. 2097 FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT. Opposite to the Bank of Australasia, and Adjoining the Allotment upon which the London Chartered Bank Is immediately to be Erected. XXI M. TENNENT and Co. have received IT instructions to SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, or Let on a Building Lease, with the Buildings thereon, i 27 feet frontage to Collins-street. by a depth of ' 170 feet to a right-of-way from Flinders-lane. _ 1 1839 THIS DAY. | To Furniture Dealers, Persons Furnishing, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received in O structions from Messrs. Grant and KI, cabinetmakers, 102 Collins-street east, opposite the Scots'. Church, to SELL by AUCTION, on their mises, on Tuesday, August, at 12 o'clock, The whole of their stock-in-trade, consisting of Dining-room furniture. Tables, various dimensions Catvod sofas. In haircloth ? Do couches, do I Handsome Spanish mahogany Bof a, in morocco easy-chair, in leather cloth 7 feet very handsome pedestal sideboard, with collarette drawers 6 feet superior blackwood enclosed do; richly carved, with mirror back and cellarette drawer I Very handsome bookcases, with glass doors Writing tables, with drawers and locke. Drawingroom Furniture. j Magnificent suite in crimson, striped tabourette Do do blue, do do | Do do green, do do 3 Do do tourney < I Handsome rosewood chairs t Elegant walnut loo table Do blackwood occasional table ; Do do davenport Do do what not. Do do forces creek. I Bedroom Furniture. > Handsome wardrobes i Do chests of drawers I Dressing tables, with drawers ' Washstands, single and double > Dressing glasses - i Cane-seated chairs 1 Iron Bedsteads, c., _ Terms Cash. 62 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others, 10 Htids. Tinware, Assorted. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Wednes coy, August 11, at 12 o'clock, Without reserve, 10 11 lids, tinware, from the celebrated house of T F. Griffiths and Co Watering cans, egg-ladles, confectioners' pans Tureens, gravy-strainers, Jolly-moulds, castors Fish-trowels, colanders, candle boxes, plate baskets I Knife baskets, partaking, costs of sugar-boxes Crystal lanterns, plate glass lanterns, spittoons jugs and basins, japanned. Terms at Sale. 2678 THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. I To Wine Merchants, Publicans, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tours day, August 12, at 12 o'clock, ! 4 hhds. Oosena'n particular sherry 12 qr.-casks Hunt's double diamond port i 8 do double-diamond sherry i 6 hhds. Binglo-dlamond port i 8 qr -casks very dry sherry. Terms at Sale. i 2073 THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. day, SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUO J TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on (Thurs y, August 12, at 12 o'clock, Without reserve, ' 160 firkins D. B. Cork butter. Terms at Bale. 2678 THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. To Wine Merchants, Publicans, Dealers, and Others. 100 Hhds. Ale, Various Brands. To be Positively Sold Without Reserve.) SYMONS and PERRY TOm_o-niTT-V..Urrn army .k2--'- Davis /tnlllniuitroos, onThurs , iTdflistlfe, at o'oclock, 100 bbdB. English ale, various brands. Terms at Bale. 2073 THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. | To Livery-stable Keepers, Corn Factors, and Others. 1,000 Bushels Colonial Oats. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Thursday, August 12, at 12 o'clock, I 1,000 bushels, colonial oats. Terms at Bale. 2678 THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. A SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thurs , August 12, at 12 o'clock, I " 20 pipes port wine i 80 butts sherry 16 hhds do 20 quarter-casks do 200 cases geneva 200 half-cases do ICO cases pint pickles 16 casks ginger ' 20 hhds dark brandy , 200 casks Byass's ale and porter (guaranteed). Terms Liberal, at Sale. 20/8 TUESDAY, AUGUST 17. To Newspaper Editors, Printers, and Others. C SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tues , August 17, at 12 o'clock, < ' A double royal single cylinder gripper printing machine, to print 40 x 30, with point machine for register and bookworm. 2 sets of rollers (one is covered with composition) pair of blankets pieces of tape. To be set up in the rooms of the auctioneers on Saturday, August 14. Terms Cash. IBU PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Extensive Sale of Brass and Iron Bedsteads, Furniture, &c.; To Furniture Dealers and Others, ? ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. have received instructions from the importer to SELL AUCTION, as soon as landed, 'An extensive assortment of Brass and iron bedsteads Wooden cottage and other do Walnut Jenny Lind do Single and double washstands Maple and rosewood chairs Baltimore cane and wood seat do Children's chairs, assorted Wood and cane office chair Three and four drawer bureau Dining, reading, and other tables chiffonniere, sideboards, are. Further particulars in future advertisements. 1843 THIS DAY. 120 Firkins Double Rose Cork Butter. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, nesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 120 firkins double rose Cork butter, guaranteed. Terms at Sale. 204 THIS DAY. To Shipchandlers, Tent makers, and Others. Navy Canvas, FlagS, Twine, and Rope. "A LEXANDEBYOUNGand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Monday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 6 bales navy canvas, Nos. 12 8,4, 6 2 bales seaming taino do roping do 1 case Marryatt s code of signals 21 tons English tarred rope. To be sold without reserve. To CIOBO accounts for next mail, Terms-Cash. 2067 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Candles, Dried Apples, Salad Oil, Ink, and Blacking. ALEX ANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, < 47 boxes Neva stearine candles, SINCE, full 18 ounces , 80 half-barrels dried apples , , ,r ' 20 cases, each 6 dozen, half-pint salad oil 20 do, do, do castor oil > * 10 casks liquid blacking 10 cases paste do, in time s 2 do cottage and cabinet Ink. To be sold without reserve. Terms Cash. _' 2067 is THIS DAY. ? split Peas, Confectionary and Sundries. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, tuesday, August, at 11 o'clock, 20 bags split peas F 10 cases confectionery 2 do preserved game do Finnon haddocks 10 boxes cutty pipes 60 do do. "." \- Without Reserve, - 227 THIS DAY. To Furniture Dealers and Others. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 88 eases Biltlmoro Cane-seat chairs 26 do serpentine do do 15do woodOffice-chairs C do plain top walnut arm-chairs 8 do do do not do 7 do crown top oak dining chairs 2 do do do walnut do 6 do cottage bodBteado 2 do round corner do 2 do narrow do do 1 medium do do. To be Sold to Close Accounts for the next Mall, and Must be Cleared. - 2007 THIS DAY. 8 Tons Galvanised Corrugated Iron. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesay, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 8 tons galvanised corrugated Iron, 24 gauge. Without Reserve. 2087 WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 11. To Brewers, Distillers, and Others. The Yarra Bank Brewery, Comer of Simpson's-road and the River Yarra. A ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. have been T favored with instructions to DISPOSE OF, by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, 28 Queen street, on Wednesday, August 11, All that very valuable freehold property situated at the corner of Simpson's-road and the River Yarra, and known as the YARRA BANK BREWERY, with all the buildings erected thereon, consisting of a substantial corrugated iron store, lined with wood, 16 feet by 20 feet, divided into two flats, with outside staff attached is a corrugated iron shed, projecting 16 feet, and underneath the house a large and commodious cellar. brew-house, built of brick, measur- ing 20 x 15 x 30, with a large wooden tank, capable of containing 1500 gallons, the whole being substantially fitted up for a brew-house, or a distillery if de, sired. There is a six-horse power steam-engine, with pipes, cocks, c.', complete; two steam boilers, with safety and feed valves; "Bits,'washing-machine, pump for raising water from the river and forcing it to the tank. The ground measures half an acre, with a frontage to the river of 66 foot by a depth of 364 feet, is free hold, and one remove from the Crown. The situation and plant are admirably adapted for a distillery, and with the certainty of a Distillery Bill being passed next session, it is well worth the attention of parties intending to go into that business. For further particulars apply at the rooms, 28 Queen-street. 1603 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. Sale of the White Hart Inn and adjoining Properties, corner of Bourke and Spring Streets, Opposite the Houses of Parliament. By Order of Edward Courtney, Esq., Official Assignee. To Capitalists, Speculators, Bankers, Merchants, Trustees, and Parties Desirous of investing in the most Valuable Part of the City. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. having been favored with instructions from Edward Courtney, Esq., Official Assignee, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION all that very valuable and improving City property, opposite the New Houses of Parliament, on which are erected the White Hart Inn and several Cottages, now beg to inform the capitalists, speculators, bankers, merchants, trustees, and parties desirous of obtaining a first-rate investment, that the day of sale has been positively Execu or Wednesday. August 11, when the whole will be submitted to public competition at their rooms in Queen-street, at 12 o'clock. The property has been carefully surveyed, and divided into four lots, as follows: Lot 5 la the corner allotment, with a frontage of 60 foot to Bourke-street, and 78 feet 6 inches to Spring, street, on part of which is erected the White Hart Inn and outbuildings, stables, coach hOuse. &o.; Lot 2 Has a frontage of 80 feet to Spring-street, by a depth of 60 feet, on which are erected two wooden, cottages. Lot 5 Has a frontage of 60 foot to Spring-street, by a depth of 22 foot, on which is erected a substantial four-room stone house. Lot 4 is situated at the roar of Lot 8, having "brick cottage and two wooden cottages erected thereon, with frontage of 30 feet, to a right-of-way 20 feet wide leading from Bourke-street of Little Collins- street, and a depth of 60 foot facing a right-of-way 10 foot wide. The auctioneers are desirous to call attention to the fact that the Government has determined to con- centrate all the public offices On the Reserve adjoining the Houses of Parliament, which will certainly give a great increase to the value of property in this neighborhood, and will render the sites in Spring street the most desirable building allotments in the city of Melbourne. 3,,, A The attention of capitalists, builders, and spent' Enters is therefore specially directed to thlsoppor tunity of purchasing an opportunity which can scarcely occur again, as there are low properties with such advantages unoccupied and for sale. Plans of the property, together with every information regarding it can be obtained at the author rooms, 28 Queen-street. ' Title unexceptionable and guaranteed. Terms Liberal. 671 SATURDAY, AUGUST 21. Very Choice Building Allotments, Between St- Kilda and Elsternwick, Adjoining the I am Mansion of William Kaye, El q. A LEXANnTflR -yoTTwn --J '?'-'fc-jv j\ received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, on Saturday, August 31 at 8 o'clock, . J. Five very choice building allotments, situated between St. Kilda and Elsternwick, adjoining the mansion of William Kaye, Esq. The allotments have each a frontage of 66 feet to Government road one chain wide, by depths varying from 167 to 230 feet, very pleasantly situated, with magnificent views of the Bay and surrounding country, and within a very short distance of the intended station on the St. Kilda and Brighton Rail Plans of the property are on view at the offices, 3 Queen-street. TumymWmA mr THIS DAY. 12 o'clock, ZINGARI, Screw Steamer. At the Hall of Commerce, Collins-street west. To the Steamship Owners, Steamship Companies, and Merchants Engaged in the New Zealand, Tasmanian, and Intercolonial Produce and Stock Trades. MA. COFFEY has been favored with in a structions to SELL by AUCTION, at of Commerce, on Tuesday, August 19, at o'clock, The favorite English-built Screw steamship ZINGARI, 160 ton register, 60 horse power, Bniltoutho River. Thames, in the year 1862, of the best seasoned oak, elm, and larch, well secured throughout with substantial fastenings of iron, and wood knees, and sheathed with patent galvanised zinc. She has Two Engines (by Watt and Co., of London), On the newest construction, of 40-horse power each, in excellent working order, and supplied with several duplicate parts. Her carrying capacity is very great, easily showing under hatches 160 Tons, Exclusive of fuel and stores. Her Cabin Is recently fitted up, and arranged with comfortable sleeping and table accommodation for 50 first-class passengers j in addition to which, she has H roomy Ladies' Cabin, Steward's pantry, do., all well furnished. Her inventory is excellent, and includes an ample supply of sails, masts, anchors, chains, boats, warps, and gear of every.? kind. Her dimensions are as follow : Length, 150 feet Beam, 21 do Depth, 18 do. In soliciting attention to the care of this steamer, the auctioneer would state that this vessel has been for some time a trader on the New Zealand coast, under contract to Her Majesty's Government, for the conveyance of mails, &c;, during which time she earned for herself a first-rate reputation, both for the comfortable conveyance of passengers, good condition of her cargoes, and the regularity of her trips. At a comparatively small cost, she could be again fitted for sea, and would make a handsome return the Investment. Terms In a future advertisement. 1212 *"" PRELIMINARY NOTICE. '"" On her Arrival from Newcastle. British-built Barque ELLEN SIMPSON. To Ship Owners, Merchants, Speculators, and bOB interested in the East Indian, China, Mauritius, West Coast, And New Zealand Trades, HA, COFFEY is favored with inBtruc a tions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Hall of (Commerce, Collins-street west, on her arrival from Newcastle, The substantially English-built barque ELLEN SIMPSON. 296 tons register, 480 tonsbrtben, Built at Sunderland In the year 1847, of the best English and African oak; thoroughly fastened with iron cross, girders, and copper fastenings throughout ; is heavily sheathed with Muntz metal, and in every respect well and perfectly finished. Her masts, sails, rigging, chains, and boats gear are all of the best quality, in good sea-going order, and amply sufficient. She sails remarkably fast, and has been for a considerable period employed in the Newcastle coal. trade, and has always made her passages, even in the worst weather (with 420 tons coal with great regularity! and is now in the boat order, and fit for a voyage to any part of the world. She has lately undergone a complete overhaul and refit in the port of Sydney, under inspection of the marine surveyors, at a cost of 1,4002. ~ The Cabin Accommodation i Is neat, commodious, well-ventilated, and capable of accommodating six passengers, In addition to the officers of the ship. In requesting adoption to the tale of his ship, the Auctioneer would remarkable an opportunity is here presented of obtaining what may be considered really first-class English-built vessel, suitable for the loss tin find, which of late years has so much in Stand In extent and profit, t terms in a Future Advertisement, t THIS DAY. HO Trunks of Superior Seasonable Boots and Shoes. ex Donald McKay and Gertrude. _ Bostock's Manufacture. "FRASER and COHEN have received in JL' structions from Messrs. Hyam and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August 16 at 11 o'clock, Ex Donald McKay and Gertrude, 160 trunks of superior seasonable boots and shoes, manufactured by F. Bostock, of Northampton, consisting of Men's nailed bluchers Do sprigged do Boys' and youths'' do do Do do nailed do Gentlemen's calf goloshed S. S. boots Do Enamelled do do Do calf clump wellingtons 2 Do do sprigged do Do do princes boots Do enamelled wellingtons Do do half wellingtons Do calf dump half-wolllngtons Calf jockey boots Do Hessian do Do nailed watertights Do Bpriggod do, c. Terms Under £100, cash; above that sum, approved acceptances at three months'. 1056 THIS DAY. American-manufactured Boots and Overshoes. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 60 cases men's wax leather SO-In. Hungarian boots, 6 to 11 SO do boy's nailed wellingtons, 1 to 5 00 do men's rubber overshoes 16 do do do 3 do ladies'' do. Terms at Sale. 1065 THIS DAY. Important and Extensive Sale of Superior Furniture, Carpeting, Rugs, Brass and Iron Bedsteads, Se. T71BASEB and COHEN have received in W} structions from Mr. Rosenborg to SELL by AUCTION, at his warehouse, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, The whole of the extensive and well-assorted stock in-trade, consisting of Elegant drawingroom furniture Mahogany and walnut do _ Superior furniture, In hair cloth Do do, in morocco Wardrobes Chifilonnlores Sideboards Loo and dining tables 2 American Furniture Chimney, cheval, and dressing glasses Brass bedsteads Iron do " _ Tapestry and Brussels carpeting Do do rugs , Floorcloth Hair seating, etc. Terms at Sale. , N.B. The auctioneers would impress upon the notice of parties furnishing, the trade, and others, that the whole of Mr. BoBonberg's extensive and she got assortment of furniture will be sold, without any reserve, therefore a first- rate opportunity offers itself to purchasers desirous of obtaining really superior and well manufactured household furniture. 1065 THIS DAY. Eleme Raisins. Muscatel Raisins, In Layers. F BASEs and COHEN are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, Without any reserve, 260 boxes muscatel raisins, lb layers 80 boxes Eleme raisins. Terms at Sale. 2021 THIS DAY. 60 Barrels Scotch Oatmeal TOsSES and COHEN will SELL by AUO Jj TION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, Without any reserve, 60 barrels, each 2 cwt., Scotch oatmeal. Terms Cash. 2021 THIS DAY. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 8,000 bushels of prime V. D. Land oats. Terms at Sale. 2024 THIS DAY. ' 78 Trunks of Superior Seasonable Boots and Shoes. Edwin Bostock and BensOn Elloy's Manufacture. F BASEs and COHEN are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August 10, at 6 o'clock, 78 trunks of boots and shoes, of E. Bostock's and Benson Elloy's manufacture, consisting of Superior ladies' cloth boots, enamelled goloshed Do do, cordovan do Do do cordovan boots Do do grain-front lace do Do do black cashmere do, E.S, Do do colored do do, do Do do cloth boots, M.H. i Do do white kid do Do do black do do Do. girl's cashmere boots, 2 to 5, 6 to 9, 10s to 18 Men's patent alberts Do best watertights * . Do do patent wellingtons Do do nail wellingtons i Youths' bluchers, 1 to 4 e, Men's calf do i Do. enamelled hatf-wolllngtons ~ Do patent sponsor shoes Boys' and youths' watertights i Men's book slippers Do kip bluchers. Terms-Under £100, cash; above that sum, approved acceptances at three months'. 2021 THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. More or Less Damaged. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, , On account of whom it may concern, More or less damaged, 1 trunk of Lehocq's Wellingtons. Terms Cash. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. Superior Household Furniture and Effects, Pianoforte, c, At the Residence of Thomas Gates James, Esq., Gurner street, St. Kilda. E BAKER and COHEN have received instructions from Thomas Gates James, Esq, to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Gurner- street, St. Kilda, on Wednesday, August li, at 12 o'clock, The whole of tho household furniture and effects, pianoforte, ice, consisting of Very superior drawingroom furniture Dining and sitting room do Bedroom do Bedding i Carpets and rugs Curtains ' Glassware Crockery I Kitchen utensils, &c.; I Also, ; A very superior pianoforte. Terms at Sale. 2051 THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. Elegant Scotch Manufactured Furniture Just Landed. ? ' Ex Storm Queen. At the Stores of Messrs. Flint Ramsay, and Co., 422 Collins street west. , "CHASER and COHEN have received in P structions from Messrs. Flint Ramsay and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their new stores, 122 Collins street west, on Thursday, August 12, at 12 o'clock, i Ex Storm Queen, An assortment of very superior Scotch manufac- tured furniture, pier and chimney mirrors, and dress ring- glasses, consisting of Dining tables Sideboards Wardrobes , Chairs Chest drawers ' Wash-hand stands I Mirrors ' Pier and chimney mirrors Dressing glasson, &e.; The whole of the above shipment of furniture is strong and substantial, and well worthy the notice of purchasers, and will be on view two days prior to the sale. Catalogues in course of preparation. Terms at Sale. 1933 FRIDAY, AUGUST 13. . Drapery, Slops, and Clothing. Postponed In Consequence of the Goods Not Being Landed. I Ex Donald McKay and Julindur. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to J} SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, August 18, at 11 o'clock, Ex Donald McKay and Julindur. ' SB in diamond, H under, i 78 bales and cases of slops, drapery and clothing, Consisting of Scotch twill shirts < White shirts, L. F. and O. Fancy regatta do Blue pilot American peas Bedford cord trousers Millers' mole do, D. S. and T. S. Blue and scarlet blankets White Bedford cord trousers Fancy doe do, W. F. Check do do, do Drab mole do Doo sporting vests black cloth trousers Do do sac coats Men's Aberdeen half-hose Do brown cotton do Women's assorted hosiery . Boys and youths' doe trousers Do do mole do He Men's fancy front trousers Ladies' and gentlemen's leghorn hats Ben's of our hats. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 18. On Account of Whom it May Concern. " Slightly Damaged, E - T71BA8ER and COHEN will SELL by AUO, J MOM*a« mart, on Friday, AugustÏ8,»tli o'àS' On account of whom it may concern, Slightly damaged, Ex-, 1 case of broadcloth. Terms Cash, HW FRIDAY, AUGUST 18. Plain and Fancy Tweeds. doeskins. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, august 18, at 11 o'clock, to cases of very superior quality Plain tweeds Fancy shepherds' do Mixed fancy do Coatings Broad fancy tweeds Cheviot do Plain mixed do. Terms at Bale. 2021 FRIDAY, AUGUST 18. Funeral Cloaks and Falls. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, August 18, at 11 o'clock, Without reserve, An Invoice of- Funeral cloaks Infants' velvet pall Children's do do Largo Genoa velvet do, t. immed silk Do cotton velvet do Tassels, ice. Terms at sale FRIDAY, AUGUST 18. Valetta House. Elegant Household Furniture Carriage and Horses, Dogcart. Pianoforte. Plate. Glassware, &c.; At the Residence of John Gray, Esq., Corner of Clarendon and Albert streets, near the Bishop's Palace. "FRASER and COHEN have received in F structlons from John Gray, Esq, to SELL by AUCTION (in consequence of his departure or England), at his residence, Valetta House, i < of Clarendon and Albert streets, near the Bishops Palace, on Friday, August 18, at 11 o'clock sharp, The whole of the very elegant household furniture , consisting of Superb drawingroom suites, covered in green and gold, and blue and gold Do diningroom do Do sittingroom do Bedroom furniture Plate-glass ohlmnoy-glaBsee Oil paintings and engravings Carpets and rugs Bedding ' An Bchromallo telescope, of five feet focal length, with two powers for forrestal purposes, and one power for celestial, with tripod stand, mahogany case, to., complete Also, Carriage and pair of horses Dogcart, by Storey, of Nottingham, and forms into three carriages Harness Plate and plated ware Glassware Crockery Kitchen Utensils Handsome Pianoforte, &e.; Full particulars in future issue. Catalogues in course of preparation, and on application to the auctioneers. Terms at Sale. 1816 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. ~~~ To Furniture Dealers and Others. Extensive Sale of Furniture, Paperhangings, c. 4 a. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday ist 11, at 11 o'clock, M C in diamond, CO cases round-post Baltimore Cane-seat chairs 60 cases Baltimore wood-seat chairs 60 cases oak and walnut office chain 10 cases tables, chiffonniere, bedsteads, and other furniture. Also, 10 bales and cases of superior paperhangings, as- sorted patterns. Further particulars and terms at sale. 2062 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. To Furniture Dealers and Others. Unreserved Sale of 104 Cases of Furniture, At the Risk of a former Purchaser. G. M'COMBE is instructed to SELL by a AUCTION, In his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 11, at 11 o'clock, At the rick of a former purchaser, M within diamond, C at eldo, § 8 and 4-70 cases, each containing 4 dozen, Balti- more extra Cane-seat chairs C-IS do, each containing 1 dozen, Lafayette cane chairs 7-18 do, each containing 1 dozen, Jenny Lind chairs inside, eochcontaining 1 dozen, children's low cane seat chairs. All in good order and condition: To be sold at the risk of a former purchaser Without Reserve. 2052 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. 200 Cases Bottled Ale and Porter. 160 Do Booth's Old Tom. SOO Do Gonora (Crowing Cock), A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 11, at 11 o'clock, 200 cases bottled ale and porter 160 do Booth's old tom 300 do genova (crowing cock). Full Particulars and Terms at Sale. 2077 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 10 Cases American Bacon. To be Sold at Risk of Former Purchaser. A G. -M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, as.. in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 11, at 11 o'clock, 10 cases American bacon. To be sold at risk of Mr. Beilby, the former purchaser. Without reserve. Terms-Cash. 2077 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 187 Boxes Belmont Candles. 148 Do Neva Stearine, do. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 19, at 11 o'clock. 187 boxes Price's Belmont candles, guaranteed sound. To close an account. Also, 148 boxes Nova stearine candles, in 1-lb cartoons. Slightly damaged. To be sold for account of whom it may concern. 2077 WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. To Grocers and the Trade Extensive Sale of Prime Cork Butter. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 11, at 11 o'clock, ISO firkins prime double rose Cork butter. O, OS firkins prime double rose Cork butter. W in diamond, 4 firkins prime double rose Cork butter. DM in diamond, 04 Arkins prime double rose Cork butter. The auctioneer desires to call the particular attention of buyers to the above selected lots of old butter, and can safely recommend them as the best parcels offered this season. Further Particulars and Terms at Sale. 2077 FRIDAY, AUGUST 18. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Extensive Sale of Crosse and Blackwell's Oilmen's Stores, now Landing ex the Orwell, from London. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a In his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, 1st 18, at 11 o'clock. Ex Orwell, from London, E in triangle diamond over, O de B under, 200 cases Crosse and Blackwell's oilmen's stores, assorted, now landing in good order and condition. Terms and full particulars in future advertisements. 2077 THIS DAY. To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUO j TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 0 kins-street east, on Tuesday, August 10, at 12 o'clock, 24 casks bottled ale. Without reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Cheese, Hams, Raisins. To Storekeepers and Others. - C GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUO K_J» TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 0 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, August 10, at 12 o'clock, 80 Dunlop cheeses 100 hams 80 boxes raisins And sundry other goods. Without Reserve. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. Immigrants' Boxes. S GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 6 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, August 11, at 12 o'clock, 80 immigrants boxes. Without Reserve. 58 aug III THURSDAY, AUGUST 12. South Yarra. Ralston-street, Gardiner's Creek-road, South Side. Household Furniture, Stock-in-trade, c. S GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, Ralston street, Gar diner's Creek-road, on Thursday, August 12, at 12 o'clock,. Immediately after the sale of landed houses, The superior household furniture, Including Tables Whatnots Chairs Looking-glasses Sofas Iron bedsteads Pictures Bedding Chlfronnlero China services Kitchen utensils Double-barrelled gun Carpet OIOCEB An elegant rosewood piano, a fine-toned instrument, and other articles too numerous to detail. __B»ÎOÇkco__.Uof Haberdashery, u_ç?>7!«l«?«! earthenware, glass, in China, and feeds missing; A A . Will be open for inspection at 8 a.m. 270 aug 12 ColllDi THURSDAY, AUGUST 18, at e, " ., South Yarra. To Gentlemen, speculator., Licensed item" in M a Builders, and Others Siciliani. A Valuable Speculative Allotment to yams ASuperlor Cotswold "S Saw? that a flSSilSi Lots, A most eligible allotment of land was. situated in Yarra-street, MnS, &S; abutting on the Station ortr?oRÄ*i J<f«Ty. now in course of foZÄlrta'» within a hundred yards of .Ï?,;!0D' 44 mine, situated lnoshorne-street. sons?. Jnr son of" Claud Farie, Esq, andadjolnlní Y'S May.. Bros's. residence. The land hisFutí?* the before-mentioned Street! by a 35ft to foot. This lot merits theAnlUïS11» Will be sold. Lot 3 HOt a. A most convenient family residence, or o*. with coachhouse, two-stall stable? to SS W Osborne-street. UO0KDnrn. Esq's towels Terms liberal. Title unexceptionable. ' Intending purchasers are requested to human in. properties, which will be shown by Urana road, South Yarra. s son's. a"ss. \--._»71 aug 12 THIS DAY. " Brandies, Genova, 4c. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others W EASBY and Co. will SELL system. Y J TION, at their rooms, 88 OolCstiMt.« on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock. "at. 26 beds Central Vineyards brandy \ 20 do Blzart's do 250 cases cognac 50 half-cases geneva. Guaranteed genuine. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. 100 Casks Byass's Ale and Stout. On Account of All Concerned. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. "Mr EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUO. Hi TION, at their rooms, 88 Colllns- strettirertl on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, £6 casks Byass's ale CO dodo stout. Account of whom it may concern. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. SOO Cases Peter's Old Tom. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others, W EASBY and Co. will 8EI_by_Ua , a TION, at their rooms, 83 CoUlwstretlirnt, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 600 cases Peter's old tom. Terms liberal. No Reserve THIS DAY. [ " 100 Cases Stoughton's Bitters. 200 Cases Brandy, Duty Paid, To Wine and Spirit Merchants and cabin EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUC a TION, at their rooms, 83 Colllm-stitelirM, on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, 100 cases Stoughton's bitters ' 200 do brandy, duty paid. No reserve Terms at Sale. W w THIS DAY. CoBons's Pale Sherry. . To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storikitiin, Hotelkeepers, and Others. AST EASBY and Co. have received instruct TV . Mons from the importers, Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, it that rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 10, 119 o'olock, The following first-class sherries, ex sculls ; FP over double diamond, 2 hhds. Ooscns's pale sherry TO qr-casks do do. Three diamonds over UP, 2 hhds. Oosons's pale sherry 10 qr-casks do do. Two grape over P. 4 hhds Cosens'a pale sherry 40 qr-casks do do. Three grape over P, 2 hhds. COBens's pale sherry / 20 qr.-casks do do. The above shorrlOB are a portion of the well-lit shipment per Louisa, imported direct to Sydney to Cadiz.. ? Terms Liberal. SCO THIS DAY. Clearing Sale of Ports, Sherries, Brandies, Old Tom, is., Ale and Porter. To Merchants, Wine and Spirit Merrimu, 81 keepers, and Others. TTT EASEY and Co. will SELL by ADO YY a TION, at their rooms, 83 CtUinHtnet met on Tuesday, August 10, at 11 o'clock, Ports. I 6 hhds. QuarloB Harris's four grape nott .. 40 do do BlX'grapo do 16 hhds. do do do do do 16 do Cosons's double diamond do 84 quarter-casks do do do E bndB. do do do 17 do Cosens's treble diamond do 30 do Hunt's double diamond do 28 quarter- casks do do do 7 pipes do do do. Sherries. 20 quarter-casks Carson's double-diamond flinty 16 hhds. do do do 12 butts Burdon's Sherry ' 18 qr-casks do do. Old Tom. , 100 cases Burnett's old tom 200 do McKenzie's do 186 do Dunbar's do. Brandies. 120 cases Central Vineyard brandy £00 do good French do. Also, 250 cases Dunbar's ale , 200 do do stout, the attention of the trade is requested to shift Sale of choice wines, &c;, which are of fine duty, and will be sold To close accounts. _ Terms Liberal. »w WEDNESDAY, AUGUST H," At 11 o'clock. i The Entire Cargo of the Stag, from the Straits, 8,676 Bags Sugars. Fine Counters. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeeper;, Dearness 2 Others. J 117" EASEY and Co. have received to- rr . structions from Captain Macttist .) SELL by AUCTION, without resorve.atthtiirwa, on Wednesday, August 11, at 11 o'clock sharp, The entire cargo of the Stag, from the men comprising 8,676 bags grocers' Uno sugars, K. II. and Co., 1-770 bags Mauritius sugars, St. Union' 2-221 do do do, Beau Sejour 2-280 do do do, do do 4-607 do do do, Benares [ 6- 98 do do do, Beau Sejour 6-106 do do do, St. Antoine ' 7-78 do do do, Doux Bras 8- 410 do do do, Reunion 9-660 do do do, Bosallo. " in The auctioneers beg to call the attention owners chants, grocers, and others to this unreserved sale sugars. The assortment Is of a superior quality, "of chiefly fine descriptions, and well adaptions quirements of the trade. Samples from wares at the rooms, and parties are requested to impetus came. -. Terms Liberal, Declared at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11. At half-past 10 o'clock, On the Australian Wharf. Entire Cargo ex Oom. ... £6,000 Feet Hardwood, Palings, Posts T *"» Spokes, 10. "J To Timber Merchants, Builders, Coates T Others. as W. EASEY and Co. will JJ JÄ TION. on the Australian Wharf, ON IWO day, August 11, at half-past 10 o'clock, Ex Gem, ,,, or 40 beams, 14 X 12, 12 X 9!, 6 2 6 16, &c.; ." ., as it, J 86 do, two-sided, 18 x 14, 18 x 18, 6 x 6' ". 18,14 14, So. " than 9000 feet hardwood, 6ft, in so 12x12 10x10, 019, 8x4,8x4. II 2, to. 10,000 6-feet palings 2,017 spokes 200 felloes. No reserve. Terms at Sale. _-< WEDNESDAY, AUGUST IL Church, or Fire, Bell. To Ironmongers and Others. 1 fine-toned bell. Large size. Terms Cash. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST U ' Salmon, Loaf 8»B»r> AVtra To Grocers, Storekeepers, ,B<> s" 36 W EASEY and Co. will SEW after " TION, at their rooms, 88 W's" on wednesday. August 11, at 11 o'clock. 40 cases salmon 16 tierces English loaf sugar. Terms Llr""''1' WEDNESDAY, AUGUST M.' 40 Cases Coey's Hams. 10 Do Sinclair's DO. 17 Do York Do. . To Grocers, Storekeepers, and O'"' 0 'THE EASBY and Co. will start W ? TION, at their rooms, 88 Columns of! WeSnerfay.'Augnst list U o'clock, 10 cases coey'sBelfast hams 80 do Sinclair's do ;,. »7dOTOAlldnowlandrdlngoedeI(ltr. J S ' Team »WS!»1-* 