CÍJP (Empire. SYDNEY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5. IT is pretty well understood in political circles that Ministers have under consideration the project of establishing a National Bank of issue. The unaccommodating spirit manifested by the existing banking institutions has, it is suspected, mainly served to direct the atten- tion of Government to this subject at the presont time. But, independently of the accidental force of circumstances, at least one of the Ministers has long entertained strong opinions in favour of a meusure of this nature. Mr. MARTIN for some yoara has been an avowed opponent of our private bank- ing system, and, thoroforo, it will not surprise us to see a bill introduced under tho auspices of tho learned gentlomnn for restricting the issuo of paper money to a national establish- ment. Indeed, it will be recollected that in the session of 1865, a motion affirming the principle was placed on tho business paper of tho Legislative Oounoil by Mr. JAMBS MACAiiTHurt, who acted in tho matter on con- sultation with Mr. MAIITIN, which motion was only withdrawn in view of tho moro Important functions of the new Parliament. Tho sub- ject recently engaged the attention of our neighbours in Victoria ; and the public mind will not be unprepared for its discussion hero. Should it turn out, as wa anticipate, that a Oovernment bill is introduced oarly in the ensuing sossion for establishing a National Bank, and withdrawing tho power of issuing notos from tho present banking institutions, in accordance with the principio of . tho Imperial Bank Quarter Aot of 1844, it is scarcely probable that it will become law. But tho question will bo opened, and tho result, we may rest assured, will ba a speody alteration in our monotnry system. í A. FEW'days'later intelligence from England, at this momentous/period in her commercial history, cannot but be read with interest in these latitudes. Happily, the news is, upon the whole, of a very encouraging nature. The effects, upon home, of the monetary state of America had been most /'alarming, and were still, in many instances, making themselves to be felt by some of the most respectable amongst its mer- chants-particularly those connected with Danish and Swedish houses. The spirited conduct of many persons of local influence in endeavouring to check by their manly example, the impetus of the panic, set in against the banks in their townships, is worthy of all praise. In Ireland, there was an end of apprehension on the score of banking trans- actions. In Scotland, the run upon:those institutions had ceased. But whilst expressing our gratification at the courageous decision of the proprietary of the Western Bank, we are not the less astonished at,//the previously fearful mismanagement charged against that establishment which,: although it have " £1,000,000 of its capital available for bank purposes," has given no account whatever of a deficit of nearly three-quarters of a million that should have been as - clearly included in its assets. Of course so great a loss will shortly be rigidly enquired into, as due to its reputation, for the sake of the shareholders and for that of banking interests universally. Applications for discount at the Bank of Eng- land were said to be' on the increase, yet no diminution of its stock was at all anticipated. Foreign drain on its. coffers had bean com- pletely checked-even little more than 1-12th of the ordinary shipment of specie to India would be despatched thither by the next packet-and gold was pouring into its cellars from Australia and from Russia. The public had copious supplies of money for investments. The panic in New York and the provinces was fast dying away. Remittances were being expected thence, and it was believed tbat unless something, wholly un- looked for, renewed the panic, affairs would uninterruptedly advance in their accustomed channel. As would naturally bo expected, the doubt and losses originated in so wide- spread a panic, and in only too many instances seriously paralyzing trade, have deeply affected, though only we trust for a short time, the manufacturing dis- tricts also. The lace and hosiery firms were of tho first to experience a blow-from which many in their factories had been thrown out of employment-a predicament sure to be taken advantage of by the lazy and worthless to stir up the sufferers to rioting and enable them- selves to profit from its disorders. The streets of Nottingham have unfortunately been, in con- sequence of the ? influence of such men, the tumultuous scenes of anarchy and robbery. Leeds and Huddersfield had likewise felt, though not in so great a degree, the trying effects of commercial fears. Each, however, was experi- encing satisfactory symptoms of returning vigour-so much so as to give assurance that the great staple of this colony would shortly recover its former prices. Apart from mer- cantile matters, the disposition of the people throughout the land was bent on doing honour to the heroes of the middle class who, in the well foughten fields of Hindostán, have so gallantly upheld the, lustre of their country's arms. The PJIEMIER was preparing himself, with his usual sophistry, to ward off the reintroduction into Parliament of the ques- tion of reform-a subject with which he has never had any real sympathy, and which his political adversaries are aware is the stumbling block that will sooner or later dislodge him from his long-coveted pinnacle of power. And the attempt-and an abortive one-had been made, not this time, however, to launch the " Leviathan," but to move her some- what nearer her destined element. So .tremendous a weight of iron to be passed along a surface of the same metal and at a very easy gradient, is an experiment the success of which may well be doubted by practical men. Had Mr. BRUNEL, ere he staked his reputation for scientific discernment on tho issue of so great an undertaking, tried the effect of a very heavily weighted and iron-shod sledge drawn along iron grooves at a proportionate incline, he would, we are apt to think, have COUP siderably profited by the trial. The risk he runs of complete failure is evidently very great. Great indeed, therefore, will be the meed of his reward if-in the face of so severe an obstacle-he, at last, cause the mighty Leviathan to triumphantly float on tho bosom of Old Thames. Casting a glance at the Continent of Europe, we easily recognise the sleepless activity of Turkey's persevering enemy to eventually obtain the great object on willoh his soul is set. To prosper therein, Lc works not in the vicinity alone of the Éuxiue-Unit would but too plainly indicate his motive-it is at a distance from, its waters, in Spain, in Italy, in Denmark, in China, in India, that through his multiform emissaries he chiefly plays his all disturbing part to elsewhere effect his hoped-for successes. He knows only too well how, in Iberia, to work upon the Bourbonist Cátalo nians, who more than once, in unwittingly obeying his behests, have shaken the throne of ISABELLA to its very foundation. With all his affected friendship for tho King of SARDINIA and his ostensible dislike of tho Austrian Kaiser, none can be ignorant that the absolute principles of the latter are precisely his own, and that his hand is assisting the Church and the Retrogrades of Piedmont to gain a victory ovor the constitutionalists of that king- dom. And what will be the effect upon that country and upon Europe generally should the triumph be gained-but a moro practical exhi- bition of implacable hatred between the former and Austria, and the throwing out of a signal for the powers of tho Continent to again prepare their alliances for peace or war. The Neapo- litan monarch is at his old tyranny-but, without support or encouragement, think you? Why, carries he not out the despotism of the th roo Emporors-however they may attempt to disguise the acts that in reality belong only to its rule? Moreover, there ure seeds already sown in tho Frankfort Diet on the subject of Denmark and tho Duchies-in whose former quarrel the late NICHOLAS so deeply interostetl himself to produce fruits enough of discord to ongondor fearful mischief wherovor healing peace now apparently prevails, And tho Czar-whoroforo we cannot con ooivo but as distant sharers in tho result-has dexterously contrived to obtain the conjunction of Franco and Prussia-the latter of course-to bully BISDSOHID PASHA Into falling in with his pretended modified views on the vexed ques- tion of tho Principalities. Tho Turkish Pritni Minister, at last, yields, and thon, and thou only, the . Ministers of thoso powors, acting from superior instructions, con descend to hold communication with I him. It ia confidently asserted that the com- promise is in favour of apian of administra ti ve union, to be settled in the anticipated Congress. We doubt the intention of those powers to so conclude the matter. . It is just held over for that conclave to determine upon, in order to gain time for other:purposes, as is likewise tho dispute of Turkey and England on the one part, 'and Russia on the other -on what ? on, simply, the trade and naviga- tion of the Black Sea, which i t was affirmed were so explicitly dealt with and arranged for in the Treaty of Paria. When, that document first appeared, we said-but with deep regret for the ambiguity, of its articles-in less than ten years the Czar will be enthroned at the Golden Horn. Discord, we affirm, is in his pay all over the world to embroil England wherever and with whomsoever she can. And let but France and England, which Heaven forbid, be again at vari- ance, as was her Majesty Government with that of Louis PHILIPPE in 1846, and the result of # the rupture will be even more fatal to Europe. From that, fell Cracow to Austria ; and, thence, the name of Poland became a mockery. From this the empire of the Sultan will cease to be -the Dardanelles opening only by permission and at the mandate of the Czar. To the end of lifo's chapter there will con- tinue to be hewers of wood and drawers of water, notwithstanding the substitution of machinery for man's labour, and the progressive amelioration which is taking place in the cus- tomary tasks that fall to the lot of almost every grade of the human species. Such divisions of toil are indispensable to the general struc- ture of society and to the satisfying of its daily requirements. But, between the employer and the employed, should mutual advantages be expected on either side, there must exist a compact, not merely written but understood, by which each shall endeavour to add to the success, the happiness, and the general well-being of the other. If that two- fold understanding of their relative duties have not been comprehended hy them, an an- tagonism of interests is at once recog- nised in the absence of all zeal on the one part, and all benevolence of purpose on the other. Each at best just barely fulfils what is legally required of him ; and the brittle bond broken, the one is spoken of as a tyrant, the other as an incapable. The absence of that genial spirit is con- fessedly one of the great causes of confusion in enterprises of great importance-not alone to those who undertake them, but in many instances to the bulk of the community which more or less depends upon them for the supplying of one or many of its diurnal necessities. Happily, a growing conviction now J obtains in England and elsewhere amongst the great employers of labour, that their interests are best served in studying to raise their workmen from low pursuits, and by practically proving to them that such movements are entered upon solely for the mutual advantage of both parties. Improve- ment in the dwellings of those who toil, exertions evinced for the mind of the labourer when the day has drawn to its close, for bia support and sickness, and for his sus- tentation when infirm from age, and through all periods of his life for the education of his children, are in the category of. the humane and politic changes brought about by great employers of labour in favour of their em- ployed. And the villages and dispensaries, the churches, schools, libraries and: institu- tions raised for them and chiefly through the unmistaken liberality of those who should protect them-not from a profitable so much as from a moral point of view--are sufficient indications of the existence of that good feeling on the part of the recipients of those benefits which begets the contentment and gratitude that should be an acceptable reward to those whose benevolence has been so largely and so wisely practised amongst them. Turning, however, from the labour of the mill or the mine, we would take a rapid glance at that other phase of occupation-via., of domestic servants. Formerly it was no uncom-' mon thing in England to fina domestics, men and women, who had for years been employed in the same family as their fathers had before them. Such gratifying facts are still to be met with, though sparsely, in some of the old man- sions throughout the country. But the feeling would appear to be fast wearing out that was wont to bind domestics to the house where first they had the opportunity of learning those simple duties which, actively comprehended, would be sure to pre- pare them to preside over the cleanly home they would thereby be able in time to establish in peace and humble independence. And what is the cause of this malevolent metamorphosis of the human heart in matters purely domes- tic? Is it that little learning, not of good things but of the career of the vicious with which novel reading inflames the brain, which is so dangerous to the. unstable and volatile mind? Or is it the cheapness of finery? or can it be traced to a disposition to emi- grate and so to probably be so much the sooner mistress of a dwelling-place without having passed the ordinary ordeal which honest industry demands to befit her to occupy it? Whatever it be, society in England is being unhinged by the fact that such a change has taken place ; and we do not exactly see that we, in New South Wales, are much bettered by it, if, indeed, we are bettered by it at all. Were we to look at the matter simply as it concerns the comfort of the domestic circles of this community, too much could not bo said in reprobation of the excessive ignorance of most of our female immigrants, on the sub- ject of the ordinary duties required of domestic servants. They, nevertheless, assume a know- ledge of every thing appertaining to the require- ments of the household, though in many, not to say in most, instances they prove them- selves utterly incapable of conceiving oven what their station demands of them should forthwith bo done. And yet, they had come sixteen thousand miles to have their services engaged without so much as practising, as it would seem, the use of a brush or the con- venience of a broom. We believe that, re- sulting from this state of things, hundreds of our families are made from time to time thoroughly wretched. The fault, doubtless, sometimes lies with the mistress in not at all bearing with the want of toot'of tho not yet initiated stranger. But, generally speak- ing, it is not BO. On the contrary, the relativo duties of the employer and the employed would soom to be reversed-tho domestic labour fulling to the former because the latter, who has improvised a most unexpected excuse, Ima thought proper to require a holiday which, as far as that mistress is concerned, is to be perpetual. We would therefor« uk, in connection with tha#e wnoying dilemmas, what ia the main object of the proprietors of offices for servants in making their offices store rooms for the boxes and trunks of domestics for whom they have obtained places-their fees for which having already been paid for ? Is it to make the servants satisfied with their places ? to benefit tho employer who bas feed them to tho amount of their own demand? or to enhance the ease and ' tranquillity of domestic lifo in this colony, and in Sydney more especially ? This is a manouvre that, for the benefit of society here, peremptorily requires to be looked into and to be foiled. We say not this with regard to the comfort of our families alone, but to the present, and hereafter of the future wives of our working classes, whose domestic happiness must so greatly depend on the habits-in mat- ters of punctuality, frugality, and industry-of the women of their choice. And, moreover, it is thé wife destined to be tho mother probably of a numerous offspring, who, by tho force of example rather than by precept, will cause first impressions to be made upon their young hearts and minds-for evil or for good. 