GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. Fonnnmnro tue Bans op a Convbiu'bd Mahomedan.-From an article in the Plymouth Journal wo gather the following particulars of a somewhat novel clerical dispute which has re- cently arisen hi Devonshire. A Turkish gentle- man, named Mahmoud Kflemli, who is in this country for'instruction, became engaged to bo married to the daughter of un officer in tho army. Having been converted to Christianity, he was, of course, willing to be married accord ins; to Christian customs. He applied to tho chancellor of the diocese for n license, hut tho chancellor refused to grant h m oie. Ha thon applied to the Ker. W. J. St. Aubyn, rector of Stulte Dumarel, to marry him hy buns, and that gentleman, seeing no objection, piocecded to publish the hans. On the sreond ptr.licatioi, on Sunday week last, tho bans weto forbidden by the Rev. J. Bliss, Mr. St. Aubyn's curate, und during tho week a caveat against tho marriage was served on tho rector. To obviate any legal d ¡fliculty,Mahmoud was then baptizad. Some correspondence ensued between Mahmoud's legal advisers mid the cuiate. The rest of the Btory may be told in the words of our c ntein porury :-"Nothing moro was dono in the mutter, us wo ure informed, till Monday, the 28th tilt, the day appointed for the wedding, when tho parties most interested, their friends, the rector, and the clerk, were a-seinble J in the vestry to await Mr. Miss's decision. It was now approaching near to the fin ii ciinon'cnl hour, when tho cuiate made his appearance, mid inquired ol the rector if it wai correct; that be hud baptised Mubmotid Ell'endi ? This being replied to in the affirmative, ho withdrew his caveat. It is probable that proceedings will bo forthwith commenced against the curnto for brawling-an offence which tho church holds as one of a very serious character. Wo havo not mentioned Uishop Phillpot* in this transaction, .but it must not be supposed that ho was ignorunt of whnt was going on. Hewasnpplied to by Mr. Miss, who, wo understand, was sup- ported by his lordship. Mr. St. Aubyn took nil vi co from a better source. Dr. Adams sup- ported him, and told him that the com so ho was pursuing was light." LiTEUATUni!. - Samuel Lover, nutlior of " Itory O'More," &c.; lue* n new work in the p-css upon tho Lyrics of Ireland. His timo ot late years has been almost exclusively devoted to its cou p'l.nion mid annotai ion. The Suhgeo« ol' the Stebonheath.-Bell'* L'fe in Sydney has the follow in»: 'J'ho Solicitor General in his place in Council on 'I hursday, in reply to a question from Mr. Wise, state I thnt there was too much reason for believing that Mr. Howland had inado away with hurselr. The Government lind decidid cn prosecuting Mr Rowland for cruelty, on the infjim ition of tho girls Lougliborou^h mid Jackson, and although n warrant had been issued for his np prehension, tho officers lind not succeeded in executing it owing to his sudden and mysterious disappearance. [ïbe faut of Rowland's dis- appearance ought to be held us ina grout, mea- sure confirmatory of tho allegations made, agninst, him, mid na exculpatory of tho immi- grants on tho general charges brought against them by himself in d the model matron-Hiss Chase.-Eds. B. L S.] tar. Havelock Jtamilv.-The public have been ah e.idy informed tliat the Havelocks ure of Danish descent, mid w ero for many generations settled ut Great Grimsby, in Lincolnshire. Our readers, however, muy not ho uwnro that tho ancient beni of the coi poration of that bo- rough bonis the figuro ol its Danish founder Grime, holding in his hands a boy surmounted hy ii scroll, on which is written the word " Havelock." The story runs that " Havelock," or " Hufluck," was the lost child of a Norse sea king, mid was brought up by Grime, and becuno a valitint warr.'or under his rou¿h tute- lage.-Times, January 8. AiiSBST Witnessed.-Yesterday morning, at the opening ol' the Supremo Court, before Mr. Justice Home, thoro were only two cases ready for trial,-ono of folonion-ly uttering, and the other of cutting and miiiniiug. in both cuses tho whole of tho witnesses wera not in attend« unce, mid tho learned Jutlgc dir.cted the pri- soners to bo chargod to tho jury, and should tho witnesses not.bo ni attendance «bon called, tim Crown Solicitor n ould know how to deni with them. The prisoners having been uri n'gued, however, tho witnesses in the [uttei iug cue wcro present, and the trial preceded. Some persons, perhaps, arc not aware of the serious consequences that may ensue to witnesses foi non-attendance; und, as tho business of the pre- sent Sessions is ino! e than usually heavy, it is reasonable to presume that penalties will bo strictly enfoiced in every c.n>e of neglect or omission. Coroner's Inquest-Yesterday an inquest was held at Mr. Chatley's, the Gordon Castle Liverpool-street, before A. B. Jones Esq, Coro- ner, and a respectable jury, to enquire into the death of Emanuel Silvy, a foreigner, who met with a fatal accident on board the Trade Wind on Friday last. It appeared, that the unfortu- nate man, who was somewhat advanced in years, had gone to the ship to obtain employment : the mate told him that he had none to give him, and as he was leaving the vessel he fell from the bulwarks, and dislocating his neck, immediately died. The jury in accordance with the facts disclosed, returned a verdict of Accidental Death. Tasmanian TEiircitANcn Almance Guano Coxceiit.-'1 he first of u stries of three Conçoit« will be given this evening in the Assembly Kooras, Macuuurlc- strect, under tho acapices of the Committee of the Tasmanian Temperance Alllanco. The performances will bo under tho direction of .Mr. J. Salier, and will consist of a varied selection of vocal and instrumental music. U25" We aro requested by Messrs. W. A. Giiesjou and Co. to cull attention to tho sale of the stock in trado of Mr. G. XV. Edwards (who is i etiring from business on account ol' ill health), consisting of u miscellaneous assort- ment of groceries, cigars, mutches snuffs, wax yestus, fas., &c.; Also ii small quantity of house- hold lui.iitqre, whioli will taku place on the premises, Wellington Bridge, Eli-i ibeth-strcet, ou Wednesday next, the 14 li instant, lit ball past ten for elevon o'clock, fer full particulars seo advertising columns, IQ$" Tifia Day, at \l. Messrs. Worloy and Fiod-bam will soil, on tho Promises, iu Murray street, Leas hold I'rope-ty, and tho Stock-in Trade of u Painter und Glieder; ulso,at twelve o'clock, ut Kangaroo Point, Sheep, Lambs, Cattle, Ac. &e.; 