ASTBURY OF ALLEN BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Messrs. C. S. Ross and Co-At Railway Terminus Pitch pine and spruce flooring, white pine, clearing spruce deals, moulded and sash doors, Sshè, etc, in A»»*1*""1 Wharf Pitch pine flooring, as r Mr. J. WARDS. at his rooms Hats, (Caps also »_._tanarosv back to atoms, &c.; At the Railway Shed Oats. 2 Met»rft|iST3iovs and PERRY.-At their rooms, Collins street Whitechapel, grocers', butchers', and bakers" carts; c was; awning, with ropes and any pulleys ; chatTouttlng-machlne, india rubber boots, in his wellington and other boots, duck; land in Domain-road, South Yarra; land in Sherwood :,, street, Richmond. Messrs. W. EASEY and Cotton the Australian Wharf j Damaged Mauritius sugars At their rooms, Collins street Sheepwash tobacco, Californian oats and barley, Calcutta oats, Danish oats, Bostock's; 1 boots and shoes, woolpacks. Mr. A. G. M'COMBE -At his rooms, Collins street Fino'salt,'Manilla coffee, bulk ale, Bryant and Davis's ale, Booth's old tom, low brandy, claret, 'into India are, Marrott's brandy, confectionary, Wotherspoon's marmalade, hams, bacon, Windsor I and toilet soaps ; damaged rice, Adelaide Hoar, malt ; Belmont sperm and Nova stearine candles, Holstein have, maccaroni!, vermicelli, Belfast hams, mess bool, starch, lobsters, Leghorn and i r french salad oils, silent spirits, port wine. ACRES. J. LYONS and Co.-At their rooms, Bourke street Stationery, account-books, looking \-- glasses, cutlery, perfumery, pipes, jewellery, dressing-cases, writing desks, c ; immigrants.' 6 boxes and contents. Messrs. O, THOMAS and Co -On the Australian Wharf a i -Follent timbered Mayflower, hardwood beams, &c.; ? -Metters. POWER and RUTHERFORD-In Harrison's Inn, ' Saltwater River Store sheep, Messrs. W. M. TENNENT and Coat the Railway Shed Damaged rice, oats, grain, Cossipore sugar 1 ex Frances. At Samples Free Stores Burton ale. At their rooms, Collins street Kauri \- - from, potatoes, galvanised iron, angles, holdfasts, ' &c.; Mr. ST. HENDERSON -At Kirk's Horse Bazaar Pie- bald pony, chesnut gelding Odd Numbers, bay carriage horses; also, racehorse. Red Rover, Messrs. E. Bow and Coat the farm, Brook- hill, Old Sydney-road Farming stock, growing crops, c - - - Mr. J. LOMJ.-On the premises. Rosslyn Cottage, ' '? Nicholson-street - Household furniture, plate, c Messrs. i DODQEAMT and Coat their yards, , Bourke street Upstanding colts, &c.; Mr. N. KINBMAN.-On the premises, Hanover-street, Collingwood-Household furniture At corner of "J David and Napier streets, Collingwood House- hold furniture, drapery, &c.; Mr. "W. W. TREACY -At his yards, Bourke-street Broken and unbroken horses. Mr. H. A. COFFEY -On the Australian Wharf White flooring-boards, ox Fortitude. - Messrs. NELSON and Coast Raglan-place, Inkor more-street, St, Kilda Household furniture, "c. Mr. E B. CRiTonutY.-On the premises, Lennox-street, Richmond Stock and fixtures of chemist and druggist 