Sales by Auction. DRAPERY BALES. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, auctioneer s holds SALES of DRAPERY, &c.;, every Tues day and Friday. The attendance of the trade and country stores > i opera is earnestly requested. 40 June 1 WEDNESDAY, lately and THURSDAY, 3rd JUNE. Monster Sale Of 228 Packages of Slops, Hosiery, Stuffs, and Other Drapery Goods. To Clear up Consignments, by the Undermentioned Vessels. To be Sold Without Reserve, , By JAMES WADE, Drapery Auctioneer. To Wholesale Warehousemen, Drapers, Slopsellorsy Clothiers, Country Storekeepers, and Buyers for Portland, Belfast, Warrnambool, Ballaarat, Castlemaine, Geelong, Sandhurst, Kilmore, Ale. T WADE of Wade and Gowan), has been favored with instructions from the Spelter to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Victoria-buildings, 80 Collins street east, on Wednesday, 2nd, and Thursday, 3rd June, at 'li o'clock sharp, The following goods, imported expressly or this Market. The whole are in excellent order, and well worth the attention of the trade : Ex Adelaide, large letters W and C, L over M in diamond, S 808-804-2 cases men's drab mole trousers 808 811-4 do black silk edging 1312,313-2 do Laces and bob not. Ex Suffolk, large letters W and G, 610-647-2 cases printed, wood and marble oil baize 660,064-5 cases ladies' underclothing and sundry goods, consisting of nightcaps, habit shirts, chemisettes, muslin sleeves and collars, girls' chemise and drawers, infants' flannels, etc., richly trimmed. 065,666-2 cases printed furnitures 057 6682 cases gents' longcloth shirts, fancy fronts, washed and boxed 666-1 case colored furniture linings 667 2682 cases gents' black stuff hapless hats 069-1 do men's rustic hats. Ex John Temperley, 100-166-6 bales 6-4 printed druggets 180-188-2 cases unlined drab mole trousers 181, 1852 do black moreens 194,106-2 do scarlet serge shirts i 108-1 double jerseys. Ex Anglesey, 862-367-4 cases men's stout D S D b moleskins 868,860-2 do grey lambswool shirts 370 872 do Persian thread and Paleloy rocks. Ex Anna Maria. 87-88-2 cases men's grey lambs' wool hose, grey knit hoBO, J ersoy frocks, lambs' wool pants, &c.; SO 00-2 do fancy stuff skirts. > Ex Swiftsure, 508-611-4 cases men's brown cotton half-hose 612-518-2 do pilot cloth trousers 514-515-2 do pilot coats and jackets. Ex Calliance, 644 552-4 cases striped wincey petticoats 663-661-2 do shepherds' plaid sac coats, braided 555-1 do black woollen Bedford cord trousers. Ex George Marshall, 868-870-8 cases colored union damasks and In- grain crimson do 800-302-8 do gents' fine fashionable black: Paris Silk hats, Townsend's 303-1 do fancy doe pants. Ex Monarchy, 430-440-2 cases alpaca umbrellas, again handles 411-110-6 do black brocade stuffs. Ex Startled Fawn, 383 385-3 cases men's drab mole trousers 336-337-2 do cross-over printed conditions. Ex Persia, 460-466-7 bales men's blue serge shirts, all wool, DB, pockets and plaited wrists 467 1682 cases cloth and glazed caps * 462 OSN bales 10,11,12-4 Witney blankets. Ex Eclipse. 604-606-2 cases fancy and black mohair rings, bracelets, and jet pearls e60-C88-3 bales colored electoral flannels, In scarlet, pink, course, sky, rose and gentian 671-1 case black glace Beaufort ties 074-676-2 cases men's grey worsted knit hose 077-678-2 cases men's w woollen cord trousers. Ex Essex, 680-032-8 cases roll shirtings, in black, brown and slate 638-034-2 cases 0 4 book and loom muslins, and lappet blonds 68ft 680-2 cases men's printed regatta shirts, W. imdB. 687-030-3 cases black moreens, India will., new patent crinoline and Victoria lawn s41 6422 cases men's black called best double texture waterproof jackets C46-047-2 bales 36-inch longcloths. Ex Bosphorus, 666-072-7 cases longcloth shirts, printed rents, W. and B. 678-077-5 cases longcloth shirts, linen fronts and collars, W. and B. 678 070-2 easoiboys' longcloth shirts, do do 680-1 case boyEs printed regatta shirts C31 6822 cases men's longcloth shirts, Swiss fronts, W. and B. The auctioneer begs to call the attention of the soft goods trade to the above goods, which are to be sold without reserve, to clear up the above shipments. The goods are in first-rate order, and will be ready 2 or Inspection previous to the sale. Terms declared at Sale. Sale days, Wednesday and Thursday. Wade and Gowan Drapery Mart. THIS DAY. Clearing-out Sale. To Dealers and Others. CJ GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by ATJO JC TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, S Collins-street east, on Saturday, 29th Inst., o'clock, 880 cheeses, with all faults 20 dozen Bryant and Davis's sale 18 dozen mustard 22 cases salmon 2 do gingerbread nuts 20 tins sugar biscuits 10 cases ling fish 200 American hams. Without Reserve. THIS DAY. To Furniture Brokers and General Dealers. S, GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart (i i Collins-street east, on Saturday, 20th inst., all 1 o'clock, 2 large American platform weighing machines 18 cwt. do do 16 cwt. do do Large fireproof safe 8 doz wire lanterns Office desk Do clock Portable forges Bronze fenders Color mill 270 gross Dutch pipes Gold and silver watches Candlesticks, Ironmongery, and immigrants' boxes, _ Without Reserve. 28 ' 2"""-""" THIS DAY 'pVBBHAM and LOOK will SELL by AUO II TION, at the English and American Commercial Sale Rooms, 88 Swanston-street, on Saturday, 20th Inst, at 11 o'clock sharp, In lots to suit the trade, A quantity of first-class tables and gold china breakfast services, motto mugs, 7, 30 and 40 inch plates ; 100 sets jugs, 4 to the spot ; 10d doz, cans, 16 doz. mugs, 8 do. oak tobacco boxes, and sundry other articles. No Reserve. 20 ma 29 WEDNESDAY, 2nd JUNE. Valuable City Property, Opposite the Houses of Parliament and Adjoining Kcoly's Hotel, Spring-street. In the Insolvent Estate of Arthur Thomson. SCHULTZ and ATCHISON have been favored with Instructions from Edward Courtney, Esq , Official Assignee in the Insolvent estate of Mr. Arthur Thomson, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Hall of Commerce, on Wednesday, 2nd June, at 2 o'clock, to ' All that piece or parcel of land, being part of allot Scent 11 of section No. 24, In the city of Melbourne, leaving a frontage of 27 feet 6 inches to Spring-street, -lia a depth of 132 feet, and having erected thereon a Inlet building, containing three rooms, shop, and two attics, adjoining are two rooms and a kitchen, all of which are let to a respectable tenant at £4 per week. At the rear of the above there is erected a two-roomed house, kitchen, and workshop, in the occupation of Mr. Thomson. , j , i Also, r 11 Part of said allotment 11 of section 24, having frontage of 40 feet to a right-of-way of 12 feet wide, by a depth of 27 feet. i ? Terms liberal, at sale, i Further particulars from E. Courtney, Esq , Temple ' court : or from the Auctioneers, 81 Collins street east; _ -4647 WEDNESDAY, 2nd JUNE. Valuable Allotment in Gore street, Collingwood, with. Bluestone Warehouse and other Buildings erected thereon. SCHULTZ and ATCHISON have received 13 instructions from the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Hall of Commerce, on Wednesday, 2nd June, at 2 o'clock, The following valuable premises. having a frontage of 83 feet by 180 feet deep, with right of-way at rear, and at present occupied by Mr. Glover as a wholesale grocery store. The store occupies the whole frontage, I and is 40 feet deep, built of stone, and the walls are sufficiently strong to admit of one or two stories being I added. The fittings and counter are of cedar ; there l isa plate-glass front, Blatodfroof, and lead guttering I throughout. At the roar IBU three roomed weather I heard house and store kitchen. - - 1 The auctioneers, In inviting attention to the above, I would observe, that a better and more substantially 1 unfit property is not to be met with. The situation is everything that can be desired. Terms liberal, at sale. Further particulars on application at the offices j s wMtioneers, 81 Collins-Street east, 4fi680| WEDNESDAY, 2nd JUNE. " The Atlas Building and Investment Society's i uPropertios._ ,' \- 1 Important Notice ' To Capitalists] and Others. SCHULTZ' and- ATOHISON beg to announce that they are honored with instructions from the Trustees of the Atlas Building and Invest- ment Society to submit to PUBLIC COMPETITION; part of the Society's properties, as particularised below, at the Hall of Commerce, Collins-street, on Wednesday, 2nd June, at 2 o'clock precisely. Lot. £182 per Annum Rental, City Property. Two four-roomed two-story high brick' shops, with detached kitchen, being No. 198 and 200' Stephen, street, let at 25s. per week each, and wbiçhrontal might be considerably enhanced by a small outlay In repairs and improvements. This property has a frontage of 80 feet to Stephen-street, by a depth of 50 feet. At the rear is a right-of-way leading Into little Lonsdale-street. Being in the immediate vicinity of Carlton-gardens, and in the most densely populated part of the city, property in that locality is sure to rise in value, and to command at all times a satisfactory rental. Lot 2. £104 per Annum Rental, City Property. Two stone cottages in Napier-street, near Victoria parade, Collingwood, and adjoining Dr. Farrago's property. Each cottage contains two large rooms and a detached kitchen, also brick stabling, and produces a weekly rental of li. from highly respectable tenants. The rental might be raised, but the object of the manager of the Atlas Building Society has always been to secure eligible tenants at moderate rentals. This property would bear a second story, the walls being sufficiently strong to admit of one being added, and has a frontage of 23 feet by a depth of 80 feet to a right-of-way, metalled and channelled, running along the side. It is distant 66 feet from Victoria parade, and well worthy the attention of small capitalists. Lot 8. Allotment 15 of section 61, North Melbourne near the Flagstaff, and having a frontage of 60 feet to Stanley-street, by a depth of about 17 feet, immediately adjoining the Mansion House Hotel, between King and Spencer streets, A five-roomed weather- board house is erected on the land, and now let at 26s per week. No part of the city is destined to im- prove so rapidly as the north-western part In the immediate vicinity of which the main railway depot is now being erected. It will doubtless become in the course of a few years the business part of the metropolis, being within only a few minutes' walk from trio wharves and central railway terminus, The large size of the allotment makes it suitable for many purposes. Lot 4. £78 per Annum Rental. (Two stone cottages of three rooms each in Marion street, Collingwood, the land measuring 22 foot by a depth of 70 feet, with right-of-way at the rear. Those houses are situate in the highest part of Collingwood, in the immediate vicinity of the city and have been constantly occupied by respectable tenants. Lot 5. A three-roomed weatherboard house in Mason street, Collingwood, the land measuring 15 feet by 120 foot with a right-of-way 20 feet wide running along the entire depth of the ground. In the rear of the land is erected a large shed which might, easily be converted into a stable sufficiently large for 12 horses. This lot should not be lost sight of by men of small capital desirous of securing a freehold. Lot 6. An allotment of land, 10 feet frontage by 100 feet deep, in North-street, Yarraberg, Richmond, and upon which a two-roomed weatherboard dwelling and skillion is erected. North-street is now metalled. For a working-man of limited means this property would be found eligible Lot 7. Premises in Flinders-street, Melbourne, between King and William streets, known as Ross's buildings. The land has a frontage of about 18 feet to Flinders street by a depth of about 140 feet. In the rear the yard has a width of 66 feet. Ross's buildings were erected to afford office accommodation to brokers and i shipping agents generally, although they are no longer required for that purpose, a fortune might be realised by an enterprising man who would by a small outlay convert these buildings into a boarding stab 1 shot, for which the situation eminently fits them. The offices might be made separate bedrooms without say trouble, whilst the ground floor would be well adapted for a restaurant, The large yard at the rear might be let off for storing or any other purpose. The whole of the land is subject to a ground-rent of 800 per annum, the lease having about 17 years to run. Lot 8. The following property in Geelong, part of Government allotments S and 13, section 10 B, South Geelong. One allotment, having a frontage of 63 feet to Murray-street, by a depth of 12 feet 6 inches to Little Kilgour-street, being a corner allotment. Also, 40 fcetlrontago to Little Kilgour-street, by a depth of £0 feet, with two two- roomed wooden houses erected thereon. And thirdly, another allotment, having a frontage of 53 fact to Kilgour-street, being also a corner allotment. Any further particulars can be had on application at the office of the auctioneers, who would only remind the public that the above properties will be sold to the highest bidder, and that such an opportunity is the present does not often present itself, Terms-One-third cash ; H the balance 'by bills at three and six months', bearing bank interest. 4480 TUESDAY, 8th JUNE. At 12 o'clock, At the Hall of Commerce. Screw Steamer OBERON, As she now lies at Port Albert. To the Steamship Companies, Steamship Owners, and those interested generally in the development of the Coasting and River Trades of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Van Diemen's Land, And Now Zealand. HA. COFFEY is favored with insure a bona from Wm. Bayles and Co., agents for the port Albert Steam Navigation Company, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Hall of Commerce, on Tuesday, 8th June, at 12 o'clock, ; Ino well-known iron screw steamer < OBERON, 05 tons register, 20-horse power, Built at Dumbarton,' Scotland, by Donny and Co., in the year 1854, expressly to order for the colony (under inspection), of the strongest iron, on a much improved plan, fitted with Watertight compartments, ' And supported with extra strong angle iron knees. Her Engine Co of the newest construction, and of the strongest possible mateo, both as to material and workmanship; a fitted with disconnecting gear, and has several duplicates of the more important parts. The engine room, is also furnished with the usual supply of tools, &c.; The Boiler I tubular and of the most desirable pattern, and has only been used during a very short period. The Cabin, Accommodation is very commodious, and elegantly fitted up, consisting of a saloon and pantry on deck, Viith 20 sleeping berths below, all well ventilated, and supplied with all the conveniences necessary for a passenger steamer. The inventory is in every respect complete, and includes a full outfit of sails, masts, anchors, chains, beats, see., all of the best material, and in good working condition. In soliciting attention to the sale of this really superior steamer, the auctioneer would with to draw the notice of the public generally to the foot, that all the steamers of this class on our coasts have, during the last two years, and nee continuing at the present time to pay better than almost any other description of property. Employed as a trader to the rivers on the north side of V. B. Land, on the coasts of New South Wales or South Australia, or as a Geelong and Ileadtf trader In our bay, a very large return might reason bly be anticipated. The vessel is in every respect In Di st-rato working order, and will continue to run for at least two years with proper care, and without cost- ing a shilling beyond ordinary working expenses. Terms and further particulars in a future advor iBcmcnt. ' 1 4343 FRIDAY, 4th JUNE At 12 o'clock At the Hall of Commerce, To Shipowners, Merchants, Shipmasters, and those Engaged in the Timber and Coal Trades TJ A COFFEY is instructed to SELL by JOe AUCTION, at the Hall of Commerce, on Friday, 4th June, at 12 o'clock, The- British American built brig ROSCOE, 172 tons register, 280 tons burthen, built at Prince Edwards Island in the year 1848, of the most substantial materials, copper fastened and sheathed with Muntz metal, well found In masts, sails, rigging, si. anchors, chains, 4.0 Her sailing qualities are very good, she shifts without ballast, and can go to sea with 60 tons She has a neat cabin capable of accommodating six passengers in addition to the master and officers She is admirably adapted for the conveyance of timber, being provided with a large bow port, and has sufficient length of Ila jr for the storage of piles 70 feet long, and will easily carry 260 tons of coal on a draught of 12 feet in requesting attention to the sale of the above the auctioneer would remark that vessels of Hill; size are becoming extremely scarce, and as a great number will shortly be required for the convey ounce of tea or for the construction of the railways, the present opportunity ought not to be neglected by those likely to be engaged in the importation of timber or other material Terms-Half cash, balance by bill at three ment is', secured on the V essol 4500 MONDAY, 31st MAY. Elegant Household Furniture. N KINSMAN has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, Donovan Cottage, near the Catholic Orphanage, Emerald 1 Hill, on Monday, 31st inst, at 2 o'clock, ' Dining table, hair seated chairs, bookcase and chiffoniers, sofa, French bedstead, timepiece with globe, toilet glass, washstand, carpets, large stove, crockery, &c.; Sale at 2 o'clock by N Kinsman, valuer, house and land agent, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood > WEDNESDAY 2nd JUNE. At o'clock. St Kilda Omnibus, Albert Car, Dog Cart, Harness, Drays, Water Carts, Cow and Calf, Pony, Celebrated Chesnut Horse Paddy, to T , NELSON and HARDWICK are favored with Instructions from Mr Fitzgerald (In consequence of alterations to the premises), to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, In the yard of the Hare and Hounds Hotel, St. Kilda, on Wednesday, 2nd June, at o'clock, Pair horse omnibus, newly-built superior Albert car, dog cart, water carts, spring cart, drays, quarry-truck, now set of cart harness, set of dray harness, thoroughly stanch bay pony, a celebrated chesnut horse, known as Mr. Fitzgerald's Paddy, cow and calf, and a variety of sundries. Terms cash Sale on Wednesday next at 1 o'clock a 187wcdjun2 TUESDAY, 1st JUNE. 9 At 12 o'clock. St Kilda. Household Furniture and YfTenlg. Pianos, Tables, Chairs, Carpets, Rugs, Iron Bedsteads, Lo. "FT ELSON and HARDWICK are favored JLV with Instructions from Mrs M'Leod to SELL: by AUCTION, on the premises, Clyde-street, St. Kilda, opposite Clifton House, on Tuesday, 1st June, at 12 o'clock, The whole of her household furniture and effects, comprising Two pianos, by Broadwood ; loo, pembroke, and other tables ; mahogany chairs, easy chair, tapestry carpet, Kidderminster carpets, hearthrugs, engravings, vases, bookshelves and books, dinner and breakfast ware, iron bedsteads, iron and wood stretchers, drawers, washstands and ware, dressing glasses, patent night commodo, colonial sofa and cushions, kitchen utensils, washtubs, boiler;, saucepans, i.s. No reserve. Terms Cash The House to Let stun 1 alt FRIDAY, 18th JUNE Hawthorne Close to Studley park, on the Banks of the Yarra The finest site on the well known Clifton Estate, near to the residences of the Chief Justice (Sir W. F. Stawell) the Honorables John Hodgson and Samuel G. Henty, Esqrs Members of the Legislative Council ; Henry Creswick, Esq , J P, and others. Sale of Nine Acres of Freehold Land and Beautiful Family Mansion To the Members of the Legislature, Merchants, Gentlemen of fortune, Capitalists, and Others By order of W W Tickle, Esq (about to visit Europe ) WHEATLEY and BLISS have been honored with Instructions from W. W. Tickle, is (about to leave the colony for England), to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their rooms, 87 Queen street, on Friday, 18th June, at 12 o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, situate at Hawthorne, close to Studley Park, and being a portion of the celebrated Clifton Estate, that inga frontage to the river Yarra Yarra, containing Nine Acres, , On which is erected A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY MANSION, With garden and out buildings THE LAND I Fronts two roads, and is divided Info lawn and tennis, kitchen garden (trenched), kitchen yard, stable yard, and a large paddock, is very delightfully situate on the River Yarra (120 foot above of its banks), in that favored village of Hawthorne near Studley Park, and, going on a very high ground, has a most beautiful view of the surrounding country, The residences of some of the leading members of theologic 1 at pro and families of position are in its immediate vicinity, and is only 85 miles from the Post color, by a good metalled road, over Hawthorne or Studley new , bridge. I ME ENTRANCE is by a handsome park gate, through a portico 14 feet high, in Doric style, with tesselated pavement. THE HALL 1 Is eight feet wide, with ornamental colling, having two handsome columns, with Corinthian capitals THE HOUSE Has been thoroughly and substantially built (under the superintendence of Messrs Webb and Taylor, the well known architects of stone and brick, stuccoed outside to represent Portland stone It contains every convenience for a family residence, viz, - THE GROUND FLOOR Contains dining and drawing rooms, each 22 feet long by 16 feet wide, and 18 feet high, having hand- some plate glass windows 10 foot high, opening into the verandah, mantelpieces, c Also, t A room, suitable for library, having two (glass cupboards, with shelves FIRST FLOOR Contains large bedroom, 22 x 15, large dressing room, two other bedrooms, each 10 foot square, and each room 12 feet high, large linen closet lifted with shelves, and water-closet, fitted vtithFrcnchpoliohcd cedar. KITCHEN, Fitted with c\ ory domestic come offence STABLE and COACHHOUSE Of brick, two stalls, pitched, and fitted with hard- wood, with loft OTor CELLAR, With brick floor and stone walls, with sufficient area to admit a hogshead TANK, very large, in kitchen yard, bricked and cemented, into which the pipes from house are led the water raised by a force pump, which serves to supply tank on the top of the house - Together with other outbuildings The auctioneers are totally unable to convey in an advertisement a sufficient idea of this truly valuable property , it must be soon and carefully inspected to enable intending purchasers to become in any way acquainted with its advantages and value. u The site is, without doubt, one of the best and most important near the city for suburban residences and the house and grounds have been erected ord formed entirely regardless of expense, the owner not building to sell, but intending it for his future residence the only reason for its disposal is. on account of his immediate departure for Europe The title is but one remove from the CrowD, and is totally unencumbered The terms-One third cash ; balance, by bills at three, six, and nine months', bearing eight per cow interest Cards to view can be had only at the rooms of the Auctioneers, 81 Queen street. 436 TUESDAY, 1st JUNE Sale of Type, Presses, and Printing Materials To Printers, Newspaper Proprietors, and Others. WHEATLEY and BLISS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, 81 Queen street, on Tuesday, 1st June, at 12 o'clock., A very valuable and extensive assortment of new and secondhand printing materials This stock comprises the large and varied assort- ment of materials brought into this colony by Mr Stubbs, and recently valued by him at £800, together with a great variety of other materials and duplicate founds, now and secondhand, not required by the present owners, and all of which are to be sold with out resin c Catalogues and specimens of the type may be had of the Auctioneers 4BC alt J FRIDAY, 4th JUNE. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, and Country Districts. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of Boots and Shoes. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AuCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 4th June, at 11 o'clock, i Oin diamond, ' 1 to 0-0 trunks men's bluchers, eyelet-holed 10 to 12-3 dogent'B calf wellingtons I 18 to 18-0 do ladies' balmoral boots 19, 20-2 do women's leather boats, lined ] 21 to 25-6 do ladies' cloth boots, patent go loaded 23-1 doglrlB' cloth boots, sizes 10 to 13, 27th 81-4 do ladies'' boots, sheerlegs, spring sides 32 to 80-5 do gout's patent dress wellingtons 37 to 42-0 do girls' and women's boots 48 to 47-5 do ladies' patent goloshed boots, mili- tary. heels 48 to 65-8 do girls' and children's leather and cashmere boots £6 to 61-6 do gentlemen's chore, patent dress wellingtons 02 to OSF do ladies' and children's cloth and leather boots 69 to 70-8 do gent's calf walking-boots, spring sides 77 to 70-3 do onamclled-lcathordo 80 to 01-16 do girls' and children's boots, and strapped shoes 5,90 2 do boys bluchers 97 to 108-12 do ladies' balmoral, cashmere, cloth, and kid boots, spring-sides, ii. Hecla 100 to 111-3 do children's! morocco and calf boots - l 132 to 117-0 cases children's goloshes, also to 118 to 120-12 do men's do 180 to 135-0 do women's do. The attention of the trade is particularly requested to the above Important sale all of which will board to close a consignment. Terms Under £100, cash; above that amount. promised meaning. It <!,...," ,"r,"ll,c> on.,. MONDAY, 31st MAY. Clearing-out Sale of American Goods. To Furniture Dealers, Ironmongers, Fancy Goods Dealers, and Others. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION. a in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 31st inst., at 11 o'clock, M in diamond, 20 cases of superior wire-bound broome, costly heavy 26 dozen zinc washboards 4 cases spring clothes-pins each 12 gross 60 cases round post Baltimore chairs 75 cases Baltimore extra Cane-seat chairs 16 cases Lafayette-Dease chairs ; 18 cases Jenny Lind chairs I 24 cases Baltimore rocking chairs . i O cases children's low cane chairs 0 cases Webster cottage chairs 7 cases Italian do 24 children's fancy gigs and waggons 76 dozen fancy toy pails ' ] ' 50 dozen washboards 40 dozen fancy ball dusters 87 dozen whisks brooms, &c.; \- , All very superior goods, and to be sold to close conSignments. Terms at Sale. 4504 MONDAY, 31st MAY. ' % i I To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and O then Extensive e and Unreserved Sale of. I G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION. \- in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 31st inst., at 11 o'clock 40 cases Aitken's Falkirk ale 30 cases do do 240 do, each 3 doz., Arrol's London stout, , 250 do. each 4 doz., Arrol's pale ale I 12 hhds. Thomson's Burton pale ale 15 do do, dark ale. To be sold to close a consignment. ; Without Reserve. > Terms at Sale. < 4504 MONDAY, 31st MAY. x 5 To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others, v 10 Casks American Shoulders and Hams 46 Cases of First-quality Cheese, ' > 20 Oates of Fine Table Bait. < i AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, 31st Inst" at 11 o'clock, TO casks American shoulders and hams ' -46 earns first-quality cheese 4 ' 20 cases fine table salt. as To close shipments. I ' - Two Reserve. <"45DV MONDAY, first DAY. To Millers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others 100 Barrels Gallego Flour. AO. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms?, Collins-street, next the Bank of Catania on Monday, 31st Inst, at 11 o'clock, 100 barrels Gallego flour. ? All guaranteed. ; ?? Terms at Sale. 4504 MONDAY, 31st MAY. ' 1 Bale of Damaged Touts. t H in diamond 2 1-1 halo of tents, slightly damaged. To be sold for account of all concerned. Without Reserve. 4564 MONDAY, 31st MAY. To Confectioners, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Extensive Sale of Sound Confectionery. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, next the Bank of Australasia, on Monday, SlBtinst, at 11 o'clock, 0, in diamond, r s 411 to 144-4 cases, each 16 tins, of Wotherspoon's Scotch mixtures 446 to 448-1 cases, each 16 tins, of assorted con- fectionary, viz. Large and small 1 this peppermint lozenges; fancy, cut, and conversa- tional do, mixed colors this rose and stand - men do, carraway and royal lozenges, No. 450 to 456-6 cases, each 10 tins, similar to the above. 457 to 402-6 cases, each 16 tins, dodo 168 to 477-16 cases, each 16 tins, mixtures, large and thin peppermint lozenges, come sensational and royal do., mixed colors; Scotch castaways, mixed colors, Ac. The whole in first-rate order and condition, and to be sold to close a consignment. 458 THURSDAY, 3rd JUNE. . To Capitalists, Speculators, and Gentlemen in Search of First-rate Building Allotments in the very Choicest Part of St. Kilda. For Bale, A Valuable House and Two Allotments of Land, Facing the Bay and the Government Reserve, on the Esplanade ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co, have received Instructions from the proprietor who is proceeding to England) to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, Queen-street, on Thursday, 3rd June, at 12 o'clock, The following very desirable property, viz :- I All that valuable piece of land, forming the corner of the Government reserve, Wlniuiora-place, on the Esplanade, St. Kilda, on which is erected a very substantial and commodious rcsUlonco. r I This property has a frontage to the Government reserve on the Esplanade of 80 feet, by a depth of 145 feet to Wimmera-place, and commands uninterrupted nrdmngnlBcont views of the Bay. It will be sold either as whole, or will be subdivided (if required) in the following manner : Let No 1 Has a frontage of 40 foot to the Government reserve facing the Bay, by a depth of 100 feet. Lot No. 2 Is a corner allotment, with a frontage of 40 feet to the Government reserve facing the Bay, by a depth of 60 feet to Wimmera-place, with a right of-way 12 feet wide. Lot No. 3. A valuable niece of land, adjoining Lot 1, with a frontage to Wimmera-place of 40 feet by a depth of 30 feet. Upon this lot is erected one of the most substantial and commodious wooden houses in the colony, plastered throughout, and containing dining and drawing rooms, two bedrooms, servant's room, kitchen, and storeroom, detached coachhouse, and two stall stable. It is now producing a rental of 17 Bl. per annum. The auctioneers feel much pleasure In offering the above property for sale, as it is situated in the very choicest portion of St Kilda, and surrounded by the residences of the most influential families in the neighborhood. Its proximity to the Bay and terminus of the St. Kilda Railway cannot fail to render it extremely desirable either for a residence or as a first into investment for capital ' For further particulars apply on the premises orto the Auctioneers, at their rooms, 23 Queen street,' Melbourne. 4181 WEDNESDAY, 2nd JUNE. 6 WALSTAB has been favored with in e structions from John Houston, Esq (who is about taking the colony) to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Wednesday, 2nd June, at 12 o'clock: precisely, without Reserve, at his residence, mair the Great Brighton Hotel, The whole of his superior household effects, consisting of Dlnii groom furniture, Including handsome side board, excellent chairs, sofa, And engravings, and pier glass. Drawingroom furniture, Including an excellent Cottage piano and some valuable books. Bedroom do. I Bedroom do. And the usual kitchen furniture, Full particulars of which will appear in catalogues, to be had at the auctioneers' offices, 16 Temple court, Bay of sale Wednesday, June 2nd, at 12 o'clock. 027 Jun 2 MONDAY, 31st MAY. Cottage and Land in Collingwood. Four Acres of Land at Gisborne JACOB and ALEXANDER have received peremptory instructions from the owner to SELL by AUCTION, at their new land mart, 57 Elizabeth-street, on Monday, 31st inst., at 11 o'clock prompt, A substantial three-roomed cottage, lined and papered throughout, with two-stall stable, situate in Ballaarat street, erected on land, 26 feet frontage by 82 feet 6 inches. Also Four acres and 22 perches of land at Gisborne, being allotment 6 A of section M. Tltle perfect. Without Reserve. 101 ma 21 MONDAY, 7th JUNE. ( , To Farmers. Merchants, Speculators, Graziers, and the Public Generally of Ballaarat, Melbourne, Geelong, and Surrounding Districts. A Run of 13,000 Acres, 3,000 Sheep, 120 Acres of Purchased Agricultural Land, Kuti, Sea , within 18 miles of Ballaarat, two of Carngham, six of Smythe's Creek, and six of Woady Yallock. If O.SMITHiairjBtiuctoilbyJ P Llryetl, VY , Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Royal Exchange, Ballaarat, at 2 o'clock precisely, on Monday, 7th June, 1863, The well-known run of EMU HILL, containing within the boundaries about 13,000 acres, with 8000 sheep, consisting of the following kinds : 1,000 maiden ewes, one to two years 1,2 0 o\, us, two years upwards 760 wethers, one year upwards. The rim (with 120 acres of land at cost price and sheep to be sold together, or separately, to suit purchasers, i W. O. 8. would remark at the above Station recommends itself strongly to seconded cattle dealers, Bailsmen, c, from its central position, as a Depot for Fat Stock, with which to supply the surrounding diggings, or breeders for the sale of lambs. I Also, after the above, will be cold in the parish of App y lo, about 400 Acres of Rich Agricultural Land, 1 near Linton's pro captive station, being Boctiopi 17, 18, 19, 11,12, and half of five lots, subdh feed is required. The above land has earned for itself the enviable reputation of being the choicest agricultural land in the district, being a rich chocolate soil. Intending purchasers are earnestly requested to go out and inspect the lands previous to the day of sale. , , . -. Terms for land One third cash; balance at three and six months beating IO percent. interest. Terms for station and Blieop together One third. cash; balance at nine and 18 months by approved bills, bearing 10 per cent, interest. For all further information apply to W. C Smith, auctioneer, land, and estate agent, Colonial Land Office, Sturt-street, Ballaarat. 4618 ma 29 alt WEDNESDAY, 6th JUNE. Prince of Wales Theatre, together with The Prince of Wales Hotel, and the Shop on the South Side of the Theatre, Forming one Large Blot of Buildings, close to the Corner of King and Castlereagh Streets, in the City of Sydney. Title, Unquestionable. Terms at Sale. MORT and Co. have received instructions to submit for unreserved SALE, byPGBf.10 ION, at the rooms, Pitt-street, on Wednesday, 6th June, at 11 o'clock, The above splendid pile of buildings, situated almost in the heart of the city, and occupy Inglis por feed, all that allotment of land situated in the city of Sydney, and parish or St. James, allotment No. 16, of section 38, and bounded on the east by Castlereagh street t, bearing north 4 degrees west 94 links on the north by allotment No. 17, bearing west 2 degrees 16 minutes, south 800 links on the west by allotment! NOB. 11 and 12, bearing south 4 degrees, east 200 links; and on the south by allotments Nos. 13,14, md 16, bearing least degree 16 minutes, north 203 The Prince of Wales is, without exception, the largest theatre in the Australian colonies, and, since its creation, has almost invariably been selected as the only building in Sydney affording sufficient accommodation for our great political or other large moot ings, our public entertainments, balls, dinners, concerts, &c.; The buildings are of the most massive construe Ironbong of heavy brick walls upon stone foundations. , In front of the theatre is a handsome portico, so that carriages can set down immediately under cover, the entrance is also spacious, and the whole of the arrangements of the building excellent. In addition to the theatre (alone a splendid source of income there are the large hotel on the north side and the shop on the south side, which complete the pile. The rental for the whole, at the lowest estimate, may be safely put down at from 2000. to 2500. per year, the theatre alone having at one time yielded the former amount. To suppose that a city of the extent and population of Sydney cannot support two theatres is too ridiculous an idea to be commented upon. the above property is now in the market for wire served sale. The attention of capitalists is on that account especially Invited to it, as affording a splendid opportunity for investment. in the hands of an active man it only requires; judicious management to make this a most romano five property. 4482 ma 20 B PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Town Property. Suburban Do. To Persons on, the Look-out for First-class * " " Investment." " "FRASER and COHEN have received In F structions from John Mooney, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the rooms 14 Collins street! in a few days, due notice of which will be given, Several first-class town properties Do suburban de- Full particulars will appear in a future adv disc ment. t Terms Liberal. 4421 Merchandise. 5. AMERICAN COOKING STOVES and RANGES. A great variety of PATTERNS, with many in 1 movements, for SALE, at reduced prices." Delivered and fitted up free of charge in Melbourne and suburbs. E. 0. WHEELOCK and Co., 120 Russel-street, between Bourke and Little Bourke streets. Sign of the Golden Stoves' 140 oct 7 AMERICAN COOKING STOVES of the latest approved patterns, designed and manufactured expressly for the colonies, on SALE, at reduced prices. Delivered and set up in Melbourne, Collingwood St. Kilda, Richmond, Flemington, and Emerald Hill. Burlingame and Co., 87 Bourke- street. 287 jul 0 AT G. Pllloy'B, PAPERHANGINGS, c, SELLING OFF for a few weeks. Less than cost price. Good whitelead, 7s. 6d.[281b. 'Above the office of this paper. 48 jim 14 ALBERT CARTS, Family-CartB.Whitcchapol-Carts, Dog and Spring Carts. Denton's factory, 174 Lonsdale-street east, f-OSjnn 1 ONE MANURE, the boat and cheapest loY the climate. James Macmeikan and Co. 587 jal 0 BURLINGAME and Co.'s ANNUAL ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE of STOVES, with prices attached, now ready, sent post-free. 212 Jon 7 BAGATELLE and BILLIARD TABLES on SALE, i Thomas's, 172 Lonsdale-street east, three doors from Stephen-street. 163 jun 7 BAGATELLE and BILLIARD TABLES, Cloths Balls, Cues, etc. Large assortment, J. Pas?r's, 110 Little Bourke-street cast. 108 jun 12 BILLIARD-TABLE, English, now, with Balls and Cues, 052., cash, Dr. Cooper's, Madeline-street Melbourne 130 still BREWERS' CORK BUNGS, Wine Corks, Capsules, Tinfoil, Sulphuric Acid, do" for SALE. Ocelo non's, 8 Little Collins-street east. 042 jun 4 CARRIAGES, Phaetons, Dogcarts, Family Crs, Spring-Carts, Go., on SALE. Andrews, Albert street, Enstorn-hlll._232 Jun 2 CONVEYANCE. CAR for 202 in very good condition. Suited for beginners. 41 Little Lonsdale street east. 60's 20 CARRIAGES Stanhope, mail, and other photos family cars, for SALE. Stevenson and Co., coachbuilders, King-street. 45min) CANDLES, Price's Belmont Sperm, Robertson and Stevenson, 4 Flinders-lane west. 150ft TO COALS, A. A Company's, cornered, smiths' and coke. Colin Brown and Son's, 106 Collins-street w cutters mile; 15 COALS, English and Colonial, seasoned. What f. nr j delivered. Lowest rates. W. H. Lamond, Flin ders-street cast. 224 jun 1 COOKING-RANGES.-Just received, an assortment of superior RANGES, warranted to cure smoky chimneys, for SALE, by E. O. Wheelock, 120 Russell street, sign of the Golden Stove 148 Jim 3 COCOA MATS, Bcrapors, Hay Knives, Boorowa- chines. Stacey, Pease, (and Co,, wholesale hon mongers, 67 Chancery-lane. 13 ina -0 EARTHENWARE, Glassware, Lamp Chimneys, all sizes, and Gas Globes. S. and M. Joel, 43 La Trobe-street castor ina.21) EARTHENWARE, China, Glass, So. Henry Steward, importer and wholesale dealer, 31 Flin Gas-lane east. 134 jun 17 EMPTY CASES. Large FURNITURE CASE on SALE, by Edmund Westby and Co , Flinders lane cast 214 FOR SALE, a VIOLIN (Cremona). Applylo Miska Hauser, Criterion Hotel, on and after Thursday next._66juu 4 IT OR SALE, COLZA OIL, very best, 7s. 6d. par JL gallon. Husks' genuine Hamburgh, in tins. Mineral Waters (Raoozy). Furniture, very cheap, to close sales. FlogstonOB, 10 x x 100 inches. Martin and Monash, 45 Flinders lane west. 77 FOR SALE, a TIPTOP CART and HTRKBS?, II FOR SALE, cheap, 100 dry CASKS, Mr G. Pool JP Hotel, Wellington-street" FOR SALE, LOW-BACK CAR; Grocers', Bakers; and secondhand Spring-Cart, £18. Opposite Theatre Royal 257 FOR SALE, an ALBERT CAR. Apply at the Newry Boarding-house, opposite Queen's Arcade, Lonsdalc-Btreet._812 FOR SALE, an ALBERT CAR, cheap. Strick- land and Co., Bourke-street east, opposite T Theatre Royal. 807 ma 20 FOR SALE, DOaOARTS, extra finished, now and secondhand. Family Cars. Stevenson and Co., Klng-3troet._881 jung FOR SALE, superior light-built SPRING-CART, cheap. J, 0. Fivasb, 181 King-street, Melbourne. 8 ma 20 FOR SALE, second-hand SPRING CARTS and a £1 TRUCK. Hanson and Co., 100 Little Bourke street east. _ 260 jun 4 TENDERS, Fenders, Fenders. Fireirons, Fire irons, Firolrons. Burtt, Importer, wholesale and retail, opposite Victoria Bank, Swanston-street. 810 jun 1 FEATHERS, Fathers, Fathers, a cheap lot, clean and well dried. 100 Bourke-street, opposite 'Theatre Royal. _ 215 G UANO, Guano, in bags of 1 out., at 10s. each. Franklyn and Co., Flinders-street. 052 aug 21 HANG. Peruvian GUANO, 162. 10s. per ton, obtainable at the store, corner of Spencer-street and Little Bourke-street west Bright Brothers and Co. 440yds GAS GLOBES, Gas Globes, Gas Globes, in small packages, 18s. per dozen. Levy Brothers, Queen's Arcade. _170Jun 18 LAMP and PAINT OILS of all descriptions. E Bradley and Co,, 62 Flinders-lane east A . Bryan 7 LADIES' leather and velvet pile PORTEMONNAIE BAGS, an excellent assortment. Fancy Ware- house, 10 Collins-street west. I 38" SALE, at Walter Powell's, Swanston-street. 01) ju "VT APHTHA, genuine, on SALE. Thos. Edens and Xl Co., Bourkc-Btrcet._l8 jun 22 OPIUM, Plans, for SALE, by Cleve Brothers and Co., 89 Flinders-street west. 20 ju 10 0 o PIUM, Patna, for SALE, by Cleve Broth era and Co , SO Flinders-street west. 207 jun 11 ONE THOUSAND CASES CHINA OIL on SALE, by E. Bradley and Co., 62 Flinders-lane east. 88 June 4 ON SALE, LOOKING GLASSES, Ladies'' Work Tables, Plated Ware, an. Unmack Brothers, 28 understand western ma 31 ON SALE, superior WARDROBES, Chairs, Chests of Drawers, Sideboards, to." Unmack Brothers, 28 Flinders-lane western, mail PIANOFORTES, just imported from London, two handsome freestone walnut. Apply 138 Lonsdale-street west. 172 ma 31 PHOTOGRAPHIC LENSES, Comoras, I Camera Stands, Rests, Prossuro Frames, Stereoscopic Boxes, Cases of every description, Frames, Passe purposes, and every description of chemicals and apparatus used in the photographic process, constantly on SALE at Batcheldor and O'Neill's, 67 Collins-street east. Goods carefully packed, and forwarded to address. \- 148 ma 31 PIANOFORTE, superior rosewood cottage, full compass, London manufacture, cheap, Robert Smith, Glass Cottage, Victoria- parade. 254 jun 1 PERFUMERY.-RIMMEL'S LAVENDER, toilet vinegar, and exquisite perfumery. Appointed agents for Victoria, Levy Brothers, Queen's Arcade. 2285 unS PATNA OPIUM on SALE, by Dennistoun Brothers and Co., corner of King and Little Collins streets. 2020 jam 2 POLAR OIL, landed, and for SALE, by; Newell, Hooper, and Stevens?, 28 King-street.- OlO'ma 20 PATENT PLUMBAGO CRUCIBLEs. A large assortment of POTS always on hand at Briscoe and Co.'s, 60 and 68 Elizabeth- street, eulo agents to the Patent Plumbago Crucible Company, London. 117a! 28 PHOTOGRAPBY.-STEREOSOOPIO and other CAMERAS ; Hardwick's collections, chemicals', papers, &c.; Priced list at 186 Russell-street, Mel bourne 318 Jun 2 RANGES. - The most superior COOKING RANGES ever before received in this market; particularly adapted for hotels, restaurants, and boarding-schools. Delivered and set free of charge, E. O. Wheelock and Co., 120 Russell-street. _ 140 Jun SADDLERS' CHECK on SALE, cheap. Anderson and Marshall, 22 King-street. 026 ma 29 S SHEET COPPER on SALE, shall, 22 King-street. 'MALL PAINT OIL CASKS for SALE, cheap, at ) Smith's, 62 Elizabeth-street, opposite Age office, S BEST COPPER and BRASS, all sizes, ex Moira Wm. Robison, 113 Flinders-street. 205 jun 3 TO PHOTOGRAPHERS. Fat plate and place colorless GLASS, various sizes. Henry Brooks, 16 and 18 Stephen-street south. 801 jun 28 d and wk O TALLOW CHANDLERS. WANTED, a PAIR a CHASER for a few superior FRAMES. 73 York-street, Richmond-flat._l61 T" O PAPERHABGERB.-Now landing, PAPERS AND CANVAS and French BOBDERlNGB.ln quantities to suit the trade only. Then. Edens and Co., Bourke-street, 226 Jon 8 T T DANKS and WATER CASKS on SALE' H. W. PATTON, 6 King-street, Wharf. W 08 Inn 9 mo íwnTOGRAPHIST8,-Four cases PEGLER. L. GRAPHIC aoÔD8»Jiiat landed and open for in- spection. Levy Brothers; Queen's Arcade. _ 148 JunlO TENTS, Tents, Toussard. 8. De YOUNG, 08 Queen street north (new buildings), begs to inform contractors that he can deliver any quantity of a will TENTS, all sizes, also tents of improved tent cloth, manufactured expressly to his order, for winter use. A tent made of the above will wear out three of drill, and is perfectly watertight, at a very trifling advance in price. Flags, Forfar, 12 Inch and 40-inch ; Three-bushel Bags, COO Russian duck Mattress Covers,, Orders promptly executed. An inspection invited. 280 ma 81 T B O BLACKSMITHS, Wheelwrights, and Central \- tors -Rod, bar, shoot, and plate IRON ; cast, shear, blister, and spring Steel; Axles (finished). Blocks, Boxes, patent Mau Axles, Springs, and Stops : Share Plates; Felloes, Spokes, Naves, Shafts, ironbark and blue gum Poles ; oak, ash, and hickory plank; Bolts and Nuts; Paints and Oils. Carron Yard._280Jung dandwk WRITING DESKS, Dressing Oases, and Work" boxes, handsomely fitted, in papier-mache and rosewood. 10 Collins-street west, 8" Y EAST POWDERS (Preston and Merritt's), fresh importation, for SALE, by Newell, Hooper, and Stevens, King Btroet._014 ma 20 EDSTEADS.-On SALE, by the undersigned, 16 cases patent folding stretchers. 8 do children's cots and bedsteads 18 do solid iron stump bedsteads 21 do do French do 22 do do four-post do 6 do do half-tester do 27 do taper-tube bedsteads 8 handsome brass bedsteads. WALTER POWELL, 7 Swanston-street. 286 Jan 8 COALS, 200 tons, i Bsy Belmont sperm candles Pressed hay, Victoria Colonial soap, etc Wm. Duthie, IIP Collins-street west 024" ma 31 DENNISTOUN BROTHERS and Co. have on SALE Bolmontsporm candles Tea in half chests and boxes Cossipo e sugar Patna opium Manilla coffee Barrett's tobacco Bar and rod iron Piping, suitable for steam, water, or gas Best navy canvas, Nos. 1 to 1 ; Woolpacks, 10 lbs. each Watortlghts Brandy, Martell's " Hennessy ! U. V. P. WHIsky, in wood and bottle Old Tom, do Sherry, in two and three dozen cases. Corporal King and Little Collins street. _027jun2 D F E BRADLEY and Co, wholesale oil merchants, 53 .... Flinders lane east, have constantly on SALE, in lots and packages, to suit purchasers-? Sperm oil, warranted porfecllvpuro. Polar oil, clarified and refined Chinese oil, in casks, jars, creases. Paint oils, raw or boiled. Sperm candles, French brands. Colza oil, twice rectified, GEO. 104 jun 7 OR SALE, by the undersigned, 200 casks Byass's ale and porter 20 cases do pints 200 casks Hibbert's ale and porter 100 hogsheads Bass's No. 3 ale 100 firkins prime butter. JOHN EVERARD, 86 Flinders-lane west. 388 June 3 FOR SALE by the undersigned,- ' Preserved Salmon and trout in 1 and 2 lb tins Roast fowl in 1 and 2 lb. tins ' Roast Grouse Thumb blue Ground ginger Coffee, Ceylon Chicory, 28 and 56 lb. tins Coir matting Cork butter Adams's, Mould's, Honan's and Brother's Mill dressed Patna rice Tapioca Arrowroot, In 7,14, and 28 lb. tins Pearl sago Jujubes Liquorice Juice Wothornpoon's Confectionary Wotherspoon's marmalade Champagne, half-pints Islay, Campbelton, and Fettercairn whisky Old Tom, in hogsheads, quarter-casks, and bottles Brandy, dark and pale Cognac brandy, in doz, cases Tennant's bottled stout Macdougall's tobacco pipes, assorted Price's night lights and Glycerine Soap Galvanised corrugated iron, 24 and 26 gauge Do. rivets and washers Do. runs and water-pipes Bridge rails, 12 and 15 foot-26 lbs. i Zinc, No. 10 Blaeilng-powdor, glazed Best Staffordshire boiler plates, assorted sheet iron, assorted Derrick crimes, Forest and Barr's patent ' Water motors Drill and broke harrows Arnott's patent ventilators Woolpacks, 10 lbs. Canvas, Nos. 1 to 8 Soamingtwlno Shop twine Milner's safes I Bran bags Guano do. Seaming twice -, Paperhangings, assorted Hemp carpets Plaster- of paris Slilpehandloiy Mar bro chimney-pieces One 30 horse power horizontal steam-engine, with Cornish boiler Ono 25 horse decide. Sheathing felt Saltpetre Coir mats, assorted Calcutta lines Senna leaf Colza oil Belmont patent oil Bagatelle boards Earthenware, assorted Goa an Iron Iron bedsteads. ' GRAHAM, SANDS, and Co, 118 Collins-street west. Oil c c ON SALE, by WILLIAMS and DICKSON, 35 Market-street, Crosse and Blackwell's pint pickles Do half pint salad oil Pearl Sago Hogarth's salmon, In One lb. tins Sardines, quarters and halves Belmont sperm candles Stewart's whiskey, in and B. Do do, one dozen cases Bullock's do., do. a British brandy M'Farlano's silent spirits Claret, various brands s i Bjasa's, Cameron's and Evans's bottled beer Whiting Carbonate of soda Currants three-bushel corn sacks j Johnson's pale oak varnish Also an invoice of the Names Company's blasting and canister gunpowder 71 may 28 alt ON SALE, by the undersigned, - BEU crown, bar, and rod iron, boiler plate, sheet iron - Hoop Iron, galvanised, plain, and corrugated iron, plain gold raised tiles , I Btccl-blister, near, square, octagon, and spring assorted sizes I ' Tin plates, IC, IX, So. ; Sheet copper, iron wire, zinc - . -; Tinsmiths tools and mountings, am is, a cut, hand and sledge hammers, cheese head bolts and nuts, coach wrenches, English and American Mail axles, Carron cart boxes, Oilo-blochB, eirN springs Walker's horse-race, Lockwood's rasps, Rogers's carried,' knives Avery's platform scales, with back rails, 6 to 15 on a ; do. counter and stand scales, Avery's coal weighing machines miner's fireproof safes, Perry's and Price's do,, dark-colored deed boxes Liverpool cooking ranges, register grates, and cottage stoves Kitchen fenders and fire-irons, polished steel fire irons Bright steel fenders, with bronze and ormolu mouldings, common cast do. Green wire nursery fenders, oven doors, copper boilers Cocoa fibre mats and matting, gutta percha tubing, 1 to 16 inch Lead pipe, 11 to 2 inches, shoot load, iron rain pipe and shoot I Rogers's and Warner's cutlery, Stubbj's files. Sorby and Son's saws, tools, So. I Patent butt hinges, Scotch hinges, sash centres, follow saws Enamelled basins, tinned and enamelled milk pans, house bells and bell furniture ' Brassroundtry.j furnishing and building' iron r mongery, large assortment Two, three, and four light susponding-lamps, American back-lamps Chinese lamp oil, in tins and jars, also in bulk and boiled oil, whitelead, turpentine, &c.; BRISCOE and Co 90 and 68 Elizabeth-street and WM. BRISCOE and SON, Wolverhampton, 67 Ju 22 alt RALEIGHS, DAUGLISH, WHITE, and Co. have on SALE, at their store, Raleigh's Wharf, and at 68 Flinders-lane west Brandy United Vineyard Proprietors', in case, guaranteed Do., British, in hogsheads Old tom, in case, Burnett's, Evans's, and W James Do., in hogsheads and quarters, Burnett's and E area's Rum Demerara, in hogsheads, 10 op. ¿¡horries-Burdon's and Cosons's, in hogsheads, and quarters Port wine OBeys, double, treble, and quadruple grape, in hogsheads and quarters Bottled boors Hibbert's, Marzetti's, and Evans's Candles - Neva stearine, genuine ; Australian stearine, Price's Belmont t and Ogleby'a displays of Oats, Danish Pianos, plate-glass W Woolpacks, three-bushel bags, twine Boots and shoes, all kinds, Sharman's and Man field's. 00 jun 26 alt ßBANDY.wid.ky.eid;^^^ Butter, Scotch oats. Kent has. ' Split peas lIquld\l»»\Wblt!,, . pipes By wells, t,L Blasting powder, Dundee canvassers bags """"of lengths Flooring boards, cart naves felloes 3. , Invoices thatching and wool îuMn'A"811^ Do. gama, sauces, essence of beef "was t w ALEX. MACFARLAN and Co., n p 3 ~B-i-T-S 200 hhds. Burton Brewery Co.'s No I.. <' brew, 1" prime condJta.oxÄ1^ 600 casks and cases the Burton stars are, Bass's ale, and TrXS,'. WlW bottled by Wm. Edmonds Mr m<t 30 hands. Christie and Co.'s British IT ' 60 tons best crown Staffordshire a' round, and square ""roast of beef 20 tons do plate and sheet iron Tlnp^eVÎSA^'*'1 Thln'Swhins^0B!lï&Ddtowri;^ Do old tom Do jams and fruits Do pickles and sauces Cheese, Hobart dally. ' Red cases geneva, etc. Also in store, and will be sold a kind. e, lora two-story family mans on, is a gallery, kitchen, water-closets. ZJH 'edible coachhouse,' and all requisites operates Bracewell suited for a flnt- cUsaTtnuSf fc residence, store, or marine milk at 2 w Schnapper Point, No. 2 " 'issue wc!t.E-WALtBN,>nd WM.MiD.Mlfcfcrt to THglLE,-EDENS »n^~Sn¡ÍT Pcugb, chequered, and men A patent plate, crown, 2' 3 and sheet glass Rooms and was.. Obscured and colored Deniff, Silvered glass for mirrors Kaw and Bft Sheet lead and piping Sp", dwt S Galvanised Spouting Plumbers Noble and Hoare's MU- Painters'' tools dishes brushes Whitelead PaptthugiiT Paints and dry colors gold-leaf 166 Bourke-street cast. 236 50 a m o s o LToTTTrr A Brief and draft paper 2 s 2" Printed forms of draft of lease, BOH,,- J. conveyance Winterson silk ribbon and cord Red tape and official wafers Embossing and copying presses Brass binding-studs Office boils, single and double Japanned deed boxes, Se. H JAMES J. BLUNDELL and Co,, 11 Collins-st West- MD of nt Is It, TO PRINTERS and OTHEBS.-Hunnj,,,-..! have on SALE,- H Foolscap Albion printing presses Crown do. do. Dickinson's plain, colored, and ccsctüfjti-r all sizes, and the various qualities, 'ranged tinted, and plain " Royal card and pasteboard for show-yards, TILL qualities and thicknesses Printing papers, demy, plain and said Do., royal, plain Double crown do. and colored Do demy, do. and do. Do. news Billheads papere, foolscap and postqttsrto,u-,~ patterns Blue laid and wove foolscap Do. do. and do, post, folio and quartz Parchment, 18 x 27, 10 x 26, and 2819). SANDS and KENS Y, Victoria gutters house, Melbourne. M Money. ADVANCES, or Purchases, made at cross scription of valuable property. Coates L P Marks, pawnbrokers, 187 Elizabeth- street. Kadina ADVANCES from £20 to £5,000, derelicts or mortgage. Money also Invested train returning liberal interest, John Butts, ii I'. Collins-street east. His ADVANCES of 20!. upwards on deposit olM: mortgage. 81 Chancery-lane. Sting ADVANCES ready on Deposit of Deeds! for the long periods, in sums of 107., 20!., 19,8,8 tO" 702., 802., 1001., 2001., SOO!., Mr, loE Parties can be accommodated with cull till in any of the above amounts. 600!., 700!, 8tffl,W 1,000!., to 5,000!., and from that to 10,0CCI,I:L: gage, without delay. To the borrower stiffened usual advantages, as the strictest privacy at 164 pended upon, therobelngno other buslneutniotM at these offices. Thompson's Money Offices, 50 and 53 Ulfe Ka street east, next City Police Court, Swanston first 29 at BILLS DISCOUNTED and MONEY ADVANCES on deposit of deeds, as collateral security he 65 Elizaboth-Btreot._fjai COHEN and MARKS, Pawnbrokers. BiMtMral ADVANCES to any amount, at half-sister charged elsewhere. stymie COHEN and MARKS, PAWNBROKEBSJMEk beth-street, next to HocUin'oIItulMUtii! terest charged elsewhere. ttijisll DANIEL GRANT, 62 Quoon-streot.-£;*to£V'. to LEND on freehold security, at grains. light DISCOUNT BANK, 7 Collins-street West-End! from £20 to £600, DISCOUNTED daily purchased. shall DISCOUNT BANK, 7 Collins- street distant date ADVANCES on GOODS, u take Bccnilty. Gold purchased. Wirth DISCOUNT BANK, 7 Collins-strecUcst-O ADVANCED upon certificates of bonded pi Gold purchased. full EDWARD KHULL IS prepared to NELIUS LOANS, on freehold and other sreurijityis rent rates of interest. Bets EIGHT THOUSAND POUNDS to be US, two or three sums, on security of real [us Country lands preferred, particularly It lyitsMf w Outward. For particulars apply to iii, J. Murphy, solicitor, Eldon-chambers. Crisp FOR INVESTMENT on MORTGAGE, the Winter, £600, £1,000, and £2,000, 13 M street west. Meal F FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS, £600, Holt \- £1,600 to LEND, at £10 per cent. spurn 0\. Luscombe, estate agent and money broker. OMI Arcade Office. 1)1 say, INTEREST allowed on MONEY deposited if M office In sums of not less than 101., also Payable on demand, 62. per cent. per aturan; n three months' notice, 9s. per cent, six interest 7!. per cent. ; and 12 months' notice, lime William Clarke and Sons. Ral LOANS immediately GRANTED for tteti\?<f; at current rates, in any sums from SORES on Deposit of Deeds of brick, stone, or doctor or go, land under cultivation, or any tangiblertilitt city. £5,000 LondntlOpcr cent.onltalMii suburban brick or Btonofreeholds; and£8,000wi* at 8 per cent., In sums of not less than was Mortgage of stone or brick property situate Is the leading thoroughfares of the city. líoan; fits and upwards, invested upon undeniable framed city, without risk or trouble to the lender, straw to him a very remunerative Interest, landed at 11" Property Bought and Sold on Commission, BuT. record, Estates Managed, and no commission? unless a sale is effected. W. GARDINER, Estate Agent, BO SMITH Melbourne. 6-3 LOANS Negotiated in sums of £50, £10), is] £300, £600, and upwards, at reduced JJ' interest. B. R. Rogers, architect, Mechanic", t ? tlon-buildlngs._______J!Ä LIVERPOOL and LONDON ÎNSUHANUËW« PANY MONEY to LEND, on a W Resident Secretary, W. Murray Ross. Esq MONEY.-Vorious SUMS to be MM,.Tfj class country properties. Wra. Ores King-street west. MONEY to LEND, in small sums. Apply '? Freame and Garlick, Swanston's ONEY. 6000 for LOAN, in T!¡¡¿\S',! shortest notice, and on deposit of deeds. away Gledhill, 32 Lonsdale-street west MONEY to LEND, various sums, 70'?;' first-class freeholds at lowest interest. W. Green, 4 ColllnB-BtrocUulJgi MONEY. LOAMS, on personal west of deeds, promissory-notes and Box obtainable at the Melbourne Investment Fund Office, 74 Chancery-lane. 'oil MONEY SUMS of from 600!. ^»>&K; first-class security, at 10 per cot t and" Klingender, 01 Little Collins-street area. B 'MONEY ADVANCED on deposit after . lading, and merchandise. Snutti,»*^, street VAUGHAN and WILD. 60 Queen-st' ft V STATE LOANS at the lowest^1»1,^ interest._,_-Ca WANTED, £600, on first-classf«*%'£wl Ballaarat. Apply to Myers's Halidon, and Coster, Eolleltors, 109SwaM»^gl "t S WANTED, to BORROW, for ""SS AY Security, four-roomed Humffray ray 12 per cent,, and issued. Williams v XJU WANTED An AOfSf.ï^^S&l; YV SUMS, from £60 to £800, to w £6 good interest. and on Access same: ] add eased Mortgage, Post-office, will M and J Bottle. ARRICK'S HEAD HOTEL (late 5-28 street, BASS'S NO. 8 ALB, singly and Spirits. ---egg MlBoeUaneong« V. HEUMATIO CURE.-HOTBAMÄ^ RHfc"e'«flTl Bourke-street east, early,, walker. Price, 2s. , . 