LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, Jan. 27. lJr. Owens rose in pursuance of notice given; to ask the Hon., the Attorney- General as to the con struction of the Act for the Recovery of Small Debts. As Clause XXI L provided for two Jus- tices'of the Peace to make an order for the pay ment to complainant, under what authority could such an order be enforced ? Mr. Michie said that it really was not the func tion of the law officers of the Crown to give purely legal opinions in that House. He would, how ever, out of courtesy, reply to the hon. member. There was no authority expressed in the Act it self to enforce these orders of the justices, but the Act known as " Jervis's Act," which had been adopted in this country, gave a discretionary power to justices, in the event of non- compliance with any order, and particularly as to the payment of money, to inflict imprisonment, even to the extent of three months. printing tub electoral lists. Mr. Aspinall presented a petition from Messrs. Britton, the proprietors of the Miner's Right news paper, at Castlemaine, setting forth that on ten ders beingcalled for for the printing of the Electoral List of the district they had tendered at the same rate as the proprietorsof the Mount Alexander Mail. fphe printing was giveu to the Mount Alexander Mail, as was also the printing of the lists for Sand hurst. The petitioners prayed the House to in stitute an inquiry into .the undue favor thus shown.' -w '.A.- Ordered to lie on the table..' ' the reform biils. Mr. Haines brought up the Report of the Select Committee on the Reform Bills, and moved that it be printed. Agreed t >. The report was then read by the Clerk as follows : — ' "The Select Committee appointed by your Honorable House to consider the Reform Bills, have the honor to submit the following report " Your Committee having considered the clause in the Elections Regulation Bill which provides for the representation of minorities, have agreed that the principle should be embodied in the Re form Bills. " Ou discussing the various modes in which the principle shonld be carried out, your Com mittee have not been able to agree upon the adaption of any scheme that has beeii suomitted to them. " Whilst the Committee agree to extend the representation of the people— give increase :in the members of the Assembly,— yet, under the cir cumstances, and considering that the represents: tion of minorities is a fundamental principle of the Bills referred to your Committee, they are of opinion that they can no longer advantageously, deal with the questions submitted to them. "Committee Rooms, 27th January, 1858." Mr. Haines said: Sir, I give notice that to morrow I shall move. that the Select Committee to which the Reform Bills have been referred be discharged from their attendance. " TIIE ESTIMATES. The House then went into Committee of Sup ply, and the estimates for Works and Buildings, Railways, the Protection of the Aborigines, Mis cellaneous Services, Customs, Ports and Harbors, Lighthouses, Immigration, Post Office, aud Audit Departments were agreed to, with very little' dis cussion. Mr. Heales' motion for an increase of pay to the officers of the Penal Department was put, and carried. Mr. ,T. T. Smith moved .that the House, on the following day, resolve itself into Committee, to consider the propriety of praying the Governor to place on the Estimates a sum of £25,00o in aid of the Melbourne, and £10,000 in aid of the Geelong, Corporation. Mr. Ebden opposed the motion, as .the Corpo ration had already been most liberally dealt with by the Government, and the present period was particularly illsuited for. the discussioa of a sub ject of this nature. This proposition did not coine with a very good grace from its originators, as the money alrea ly given to the City Corpora tion had not been properly spent. It was hot possible for the Government to go into the mar ket to raise this sum by loan, and be hoped, therefore, the House would not assent to a vote of this kind. The discussion was terminated at this stage, by attention being callod to the fact that there were only 17 members present, aud the House ad journed at 1 1 o'clock. The Nelson Family. — The Misscsand Mr. Alfred Nelson arc announced to appear in the Criterion Hall, to-morrow. The programme promises se veral of those light and amusing pieces in the performance of which this talented family have gained so high a popularity, and a musical melange introduced as an interlude will enable the company to display their musical as well as histrionic powers. Only one performance is an nounced, hat we hope the audience will be such as to induce these clever artistes to remain for a few days at least in Castlemaine. Anything of tho character of a dramatic or musical entertain mcnt is now such a rarity that we anticipate for the Misses. Nelson a hearty welcomes Cricket.— We are informed that the eleven who recently played in tho match Victoria against Syd ney will visit this neighborhood during the month of February, for the pu-poso of playing an eleven drafted from the clubs of > Instleniaine and district. We have no doubt wo dan show the visitors good play, nnd at any rats we can ensure them a hearty svilwme. Sergeant Innifer. — In consequence of the mili tary being about to leave our township, Sergeant Innifer, who hy his gentlemanly behavior has won for himself the esteem of many and the re spect of all, was 011 Tuesday evening entertained bv a number of his friends at dinner provided by Mr. Gingell of the Royal Hotel. In the course of the evening the gallant soldier, in an excellent speech, referred to the past services of the 40th, and said that he was sure that whenever they were required in defence of their country, they would to a man be found at their post. Several loyal toasts were drank, and suitably responded to. Reference was made to tho Indian Relief Fund, and much sympathy was expressed on be half of the sufferers. At an early hour the meeting broke up, all present expressing their best wishes towards the guest of the evening. The Departure of the Soldiers. — To-morrow morning the detachment of the 40th, which has been now for many months in Castlemaine, will start fur Melbourne. It is not probable they will remain there, and the exigencies of India seem to indicate that country as their probable destina tion. It is due to the men of the detachment to say that they have conducted themselves well while stationed in Castlemaine, and that though in a great degree isolated from the rest of the community, they have in many instances secured the respect of those with whom they occasionally came in contact. Not a few will feel real regret at their departure, and at the thought that they will never see them again. But apart from any personal acquaintance and private regard, there is soiuething in the departure of the detachment which must interest every true patriot, and this interest is deepened by the thought that these men may soon be engaged in visiting the treacherous and remorseless Sepoys with the punishment they have so richly merited, crushing rebellion and dia content under foot, and aiding to establish British dominion in India more firmly than ever. It would have been a graceful and appropriate thing to mark the departure of the soldiers by some de monstration ot the public interest in them which they might have remembered with satisfaction in other lands. The simplest and probably most fitting way of shewing such interest would have been by the inhabitants assembling in adequate numbers, and cheering the march of the troopH. In several quarters have we heard such proposal discussed, and it seemed to meet with general ap probation, but the early hoar, 6 a.m., which hag been selected, out of consideration for the men's comfort in this hot weather, for the commencement of the marehj renders it probable that such de monstration will be much less emphatic than it would have been had the hour been more suit able. At all events the men may be assured that they are accompanied ou their route by the kindest wishes of the inhabitants of Castlemaine, and when we hear of their distinguishing themselves in action, we shall recollect that they were for so long a time our neighbors. Zoology. — The Government have intimated their intention of placing £3000 upon the Esti mates in aid of the establishment of a Zoological Garden, which will be of the utmost value to this colony as a fitting place in which to carry out experiments, with a view of ascertaining what animals of a useful kind can be acclimatised here, for purposes of food or burden. Indian Relief Fund. — A public meeting will be held this evening under the presidency of the new Chairman of the Municipality,, .to consider what steps should be',taKeh- in:6rdpr secure a contribution from the'iiiliabifcants of - this district, to the fund for the' relief -of-, British sufferers by the Indian Mutiny.' The dine ve.tniit/' hos been initiated by a letter.frpm the Governor addressed to the Chairman andilemhers. of the jCpuhcil, But though Sir Henry-Bdrelayja 1 kneiNi's'the im mediate occasion of the me'etirij», the' -feelings of the people of Castlemaine have been for some time deeply interested in the condition of their countrymen and countrywomen in India ; and in every quarter the question has been asked, why does Victoria take no part in this benevolent en terprise ? — while the British people all over the world, and indeed people of all nations are mani festing their sympathy, is this colony to be left .behind ? We congratulate onr new chairman on inaugurating his term of office by the discharge of a duty so graceful and important as that which devolves on him to night, and we hope that a fulf attendance, and proceedings hoth orderly and en thusiastic, will prepare the way fora suitable manifestation of the patriotism and liberality of our townsmen. Chinese Digging. — A party of Chinese have set in at work upon the Campbell's creek, below the Sheriffs bridge. Yesterday they touched the bottom and their prospecting yield gave them five ounces to the bucket ! It is in contemplation to take up the whole tied of the creek throughout its course to the Loldon. Might not this project be turned to some useful purpose— say, for instance, to making a canal. Pastlemaine Debating Society, — The subject for discussion brought before members on Monday, 25th instant, was " Whether the Governments of every country should have the control of the pub lic press." Messrs. J. Robertson, J. Christie, T-. Brown, and C. E. Glass considered that a certain control should be exercised'; whilst Messrs. J. Wheeler, G. W. Glass, and E. O'Keefe thought that no restraint should be imposed. The majo rity sided with the former. The question for next Monday is the following — "Is it the duty of every man to become a total abstainer ? " Revision of the English Bible. — The Weekly Register, a Roman Catholic journal makes the following announcement: " We are authorised to statet that, in accordance with the decrees of the last synod of Westminster, which have lately been returned from Rome with the approbatiou of the HolySee, the Cardinal Archbishop of West minster has entrusted the preparation of acorrect- ed 'version in English of the Holy Scripture to the care of Dr.Newinan." The.' Use of the Telegraph.— On Wednesday, Mr. Sub-Inspector, Weale received a telegram to the effect tha. a prisoner of the Crown, named Harris, had absconded from the service of Mr. Grigg, of Laimceston, and that he would reach town by coach. In delightful ignorance that such an unsatisfactory account of himself had passed him on the road, Harris got off the coach at the Ship inn last night, apparently delighted at having brouht his journey to a termination. Little did he dream that the sub-inspector was standing by his side with a description of his per son in his pocket! On seeing him alight however, that functionary, accompanied by Mr. .Charles Downham, walked up to him, when the following interesting dialogue took place: — Sub-inspector: " Ah! Mr. Harris, how d'ye do? (shaking hands with his victim.) How did you leave our friends in Launceston ?" Harris (rather taken aback, but returning the friendly grip with compound interest) and concealing bis misgivings by. a free and easy manner ) : " Hearty, old fellow 1 quite, hearty! And how do you find yourself ?" Sub- inspector : " Oh ! all right. Where's your lug gage ? Have you got any with you ?" Harris :' " Oh, yes. Only a carpet bag and a small trunk." Sub-Inspector: "I thought as much, so I brought a party to give you a lift. (To Downham.) Here, Charley, help my friend Harris to carry his lug gage, will you ?" Harris : " Well, I must say this is very kind and considerate of you. But who the dev — " Mr. Harris was about to inquire who his obliging friend was, but he was stopped by 1 the sub inspector. The Sab inspector : Don't mention it ? So our friends are all well at Laun ceston. Well! that's a blessing. And how is our mutual iriend Mr. Grigc ?" Poor Harris ! he saw in a moment that it was a regular take in — that he was, in fact, in the hands ol the Philis tines. The whole affair became apparent to him when, on his way to the watch-house, the Sub- Inspector told him that " a friend of theire in Launceston, knowing that he would be in a strange place, had sent a line hy telegraph to prooure him lodgings ?" The Legislative Coun cil was, at that moment, voting the money for the electria wire. It would not be difficult to predict how Harris would have voted had he beeu there ! Harris was returned to Lauucestou la st night-— Hobsrt Town lUfcufg, . The Weather. —The heat of the weather Satur day, Sunday, nnd Monday, was extreme, and its effects were plainly visible in the jaded faces and languid carriage of every one we met. We have never, during a long residence in the colon, known three such hot days follow consecutively one on the other. On Saturday, at 1 o'clock, the thermometer stood in the shade at 1 1 6 0 ; on Sun day the temperature was slightly lower; and yesterday it was more intense than either. Even so late as between 4 and 5 o'clock the ther mometer stood at 109 0 in the shade.— Mary borough Advertiser. A proper Punishment. — There is very little rea son to doubt that all those of the mutineers of the Junior who were attempting to proceed to Port Albert have perished in the scrub which borders the Ninety-mile Beach. The reason why they were abandoned by their black guide was because he was afraid to go any further into the scrub, which is a dense and almost impenetrable mallee, as he did not know where to find any water. The weather was intensely hoi, and bush fires were raging in every direction, so that the probability is that a vengeance, speedier and more terrible than that of the law, has already overtaken these misguided men. — Herald A Whale. — The skeleton of a whalejcaptured in 1849, off the Danish coast, which has been care fully put together and exhibited extensively in Europe and America, will be exhibited for a few days in the yard of the Freemason's Hotel, Na turalists and admirers of the wonderful will doubtless find a visit to this skeleton gratifying to their respective tastes. Mining Securities. — A printed document has been prepared and extensively circulated amoog the miners, embodying a memorial to the Go vernor, and presenting the views of those who propose, if practicable, to introduce this element into their banking business. According to the provisions of the law now in force, banks cannot legally grant loans upon real estate, or take col lateral security upon such property for advances or accommodation. Whether this law is evaded or not, those in the confidence of bank authorities best know, — bat certain it is that the owners of small properties, who may require a temporary supply of cash, must obtain it on as easy terms as possible from money-lenders, who most probably are backed by the banks in these very transactions. Now, the question arises, why cannot that be done directly which is already done indirectly? Of course there are grounds of objection worth considering, especially that arising from the primary necessity. of keeping tho capital of the bank always accessible, and the impropriety of having its funds so invested as to involve great delay and trouble in reaiisiag them in case they were unexpectedly wanted. It is argued, on the other hand, that advances upon land and houses or upon mining or agricultural plant are as legitimate and safe as advances upon merchandise, such as flour, brandy, and butter, which are subject to great fluctuations in value, aud by sudden depreciation may entail great losses. To legalise sueh advances would be, in the opinion of the Ballarat memorialists, a great improvement upon the present system, and would introduce into the colony a more liberal system. Without expressing an unqualified approval of the views contained in this memorial, we deem it, nevertheless, worth a thoughtful regard. It sets forth by referring to the new phase which mining operations have assumed, requiring com binatiou of labor and capital, the formation of companies with their marketable stock and per manent plant. In the progress of the works the operative shareholders may run short of money, and in such eases they have hitherto been com pelled to resort to accommodating parties, whose rates of interest these memorialists, consider extortionate and usurious. Cases are instanced of the payment )of from 50 to 120 per cent, and even as much as 260 and 600 par cent per annum has been obtained from the needy miner, thus largely anticipating the "pile" he hopes to realize when the gutter isstruek. Under these circumstances existing banks have afforded no relief, but have preferred supplying "extortioners" to -accommodating the miner. The memorialists therefore pray His Excel lency to cause the "Executive Government to afford facilities by Act of Parliament; to the -proposed- ' National Bank of Australasia,' and other bank ing institutions, not only to lend money on bills and promissory notes, but to take collateral secu rities on real property, and also on mining and agricultural plant, by means of bonds and liens to be sanctioned by a special law, analogous to the existing Lieu Act of the Colony, for giving security on wool and pastoral stock." It is con tended that mining plant offers as good security as pastoral stock, not being liable, indeed, to so many contingencies, and that the importance of the minjng interests, is is no way inferior to that of the' pastoral. Hance it is hoped that the faci lities already enjoyed by the one, will be extended to the other. — Age. Suicitles. — An inquest was held yesterday, before H. Geary, Esq., coroner for the district, on the body of Joseph Dowsing. It will be remembered by our readers that, a few days ago, they were apprised of the fact that the deceased was found lying on the road between the bridge and the St Agnes Hotel, suffering from a severe wound in his throat. We stated at the time that he was taken to the Hospital, that hi9 wife and family were re siding in Castlemaine, and thnt he had acknow ledged the wound to be self-inflicted. On inquiry, it was found that the unfortunate man had been drinking to excess, and that the attempt to des troy himself had been made while suffering from a fit of delirinmlremens. The poor fellow sur vived until yesterday. His sufferings appeared to increase on Wedne;day evening, and on Thursday morning at one o'clock, a.m., he (lied. An inquest was held at one o'clock, when the Jury returned a verdict,— " That Joseph Dow sing came by his death by cutting his own throat while in a state of temporary insanity." A re port has reached us, that a prisoner in the Gisborne lock-up committed suicide on Saturday night, by hanging himself, lie was one of three men who had been apprehended for the robbery of three females in the Black Forest. Two of the men escaped : but the vigilance of our police is such, that we have every reason to believe that the ruffians will be' speedily secured. — Kynetou Herald , 26th inst. Indian Belief Fund. — By a general order, pub lished in the Gazette, the military within the Aus tralian command are expected to subscribe to the Indian Relief .Fund. The Major- General and staff each contribute one day's pay. The auiouut of subscriptions of regiments is to be reported to the Deputy Adjutant -General, by whom instruc tions will- be given as to the mode of remitting the money to the Indian Relief Fund. The Electric Telegraph. — Belvoir has its office, and is now in direct telegraphic commuhication with Beech worth, Melbourne, and the interven ing stations:) We understand that it was throngh the agenuy of the telegraph that the detective police were partly made aware of the charge against the individuals who appeared in our police report accused of stealing several horses from Mo,neroo in New South Wales. — Consti tution. The Escape from the Lysander. — The Police Ga zette contains the following notice of the esciyeof Brown, the surgeon and forger, and description of his person: — "Escaped from the penal hnlk Ly sander, Ilobson's ' Bay, during the night of the 18th inst., Thomas Vernon Brown, a prisoner convicted of forgery, at Geelong, about seventeen months ago. Description — 37 years of age, 6 feet 10 inches high, fair complexion, dark' brown hair, blue eyes, prominent nose, long face, native place Surrey, soar on chin, blue mark on right shin, a surgeon." New Smith IFofsj. — Mr. Cowper, the ohief secretary of the New South Wales Government, made what reads as a very intemperate and ill- advised speech on the occasiob of the official declaration of the polling for the Sydney election. The premier became grossly personal, and in one install oa charged the anti-ministerial candidate for the representation of Paramatta with conducting himself in any but a respqotable manner. 