ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION. This Day. L. Macpherson and Co., on the premises, Eagleliawk, at twelve o'olock,—The Welcome Inn, allotment of land, &c.;' Accident.—As Councillors C.ibiil and Harris were yesterday making- a tour'of observation in Vine-street, in discharge of their Municipal duties, the former gentleman was thrown from his horse, fortunately without any more serious injury than a severe shaking, and was able to remount and ride home. Building Society.—A sub-committee meeting of this embryo society was held at Abbott's Hotel, last evening. Thero was little business of importance transacted, the chief matters brought forward having to bo decided at the general meet ing, to be held on Friday next. 1 [A New Star.—We are informed that the good people of Bendigo will shortly have the pleasure of listening to a first-rate performer, who has alread3r gained the applause of au audience in the metropolis of the world—London. We allude to Miss Emma Stanley, who has been engaged by Mr. Abbott, and will shortly appear before a Bendigo audience. Accident.—While Mr. Nicholay (of the firm of Alexander and Nicholay) was yesterday engaged in fixing an iron safe — a_ pcrfoct leviathan, weighing a ton and a half—in the establishment of Mr. Samuels, pawnbroker, of High Street, it ] accidentally slipped, and fallingon one ofhis hands, I injured it very severely. It was at first feared that amputation would be necessary, but of this we are happy to say.it is now considered there is no danger. Prorogation op Parliament.—Tho following proclamation is published in Tuesday's Gazette : Whereas the present Parliament stands prorogued to Thursday; the 8th day of July inst.: and whereas it is deemed expedient further to pro rogue the said Parliament : now, therefore, I, Sir Henry Barkly, the Governor of Victoria, do hereby further prorogue :the said Parliament until Tuesday, the 10th clay of August, now next ensuing. : The Upper House Elections.—VVe understand, says the Age, that steps arc being taken to bring forward candidates for both the Central and Southern Provinces in opposition to both Messrs. Guthridge and Bennett. We fail, however, to see on what ground both are to be opposed by the same parties—if they be the same. Or is Mr. Guthridge to be opposed by one political party, and Mr. Bennett by another ? Mr. Vaughan will, -we believe, stand again for the Western Province. Some doubt is expressed whether Mr. Cowio will again present himself. Another vacancy will be caused by the resignation of Mr. Kcogh, who is going into squatting in the Murrumbidgee district. He will, however, regulate the time of his resignation to suit the con venience of his political friends. Soldering versus Soldiering.—The Balltirat Star states that a ton and a-lialf of bullets, sent up at the time of tho Eureka riots for tho use of the red coats against the rebels, were lately bought by the Gas Company, and now boil and bubble in half a dozen of cauldrons, to solder together the gas-pipes, which are now nearly laid down throughout the length and breadth of the city. Serious Affair at Heathcote.—On Tues day, tlie Oth instant, two men, at M'lvor Creek, had some altercation respecting a female, which led to blows. Tho mates of each man came to his assistance, and a general row ensued, the result of which was, that ono of the men was nearly killed by being struck ou the head with a shovel, and now lies in a dangerous state. The affair is under tho investigation of tho Police Magistrate, Mr. Arnold. Eeratum.—We liave to correct nil error which appeared in our report of the proceedings of the Bendigo Quartz-Mining Company, in yesterday's issue. The paragraph 'which read, "Mr. Heath moved, and Mr. Anderson seconded, amotion be closed that night," should have been as follows :— " Mr, Heath moved, and Mr. Anderson seconded, a motion that the share list be closed that night." Elysian Flat Hotel.—This hotel, as will have been seen by on advertisement, has lately fallen into the hands of Mr. Meader, by -whom it lias been opened in a style calculated to afford the highest'satisfaction to those visiting Elysian Ev.it who may require refreshments or a night's lodgi: 7. Mr. Meader, as an old and respected inhabitant of Bendigo, and a most obliging host, is highly de serving of support, and we trust he will receive such a degree of patronage as will render his new investment a profitable one. Police Good Conduct Money.—We in: stand that the pay due to the police for good con duet money is'in arrear from the 31st December last. It would be interesting to ascertain if the money is allowed to lie dormant in the Government coffers, or whether it is lent out at interest ; and if it is the'latter, who derives the benefit from such in terest? as, although the payments have hitherto always been a considerable time kept back, the police do not rcceive anything additional in the shape of interest. A Man Supposed to be Lost in the Bush.— We are informed that a man named Rowland left his home at Eaglehawk on Saturday last with the intention of going to the Whipstick in search of a horse, and has not since been heard of. Consi derable anxiety has been occasioned in the locality by his absence. The missing man is a very steady person, with a wife and family. IVe understand a search has been instituted for him, which we trust will have a successful result. Mb. Chix-dehs.—We observe from a paragraph in a Portland paper that Mr. Childers is about to revisit Europe, and that he will take his depar ture by the next overland mail, From the tone of this paragraph we should infer that Mr. Childers will not be long absent, and that he still regards himself as member for Portland, atid still takes a lively interest in the Portland tramway.—Ago. Important from the Adelong.—Discovery of New Reefs.—We received by last night's mail information from a gentleman at Adelong that two new quartz-reefs have been discovered, about six miles from Tumut. A party of men picked up three or four tons of the quarts off the surface, with the moss growing on it. The gold could be seen in the quartz, and on being crushed it turned out 3 and 4 ozs. to the ton—a very good yield for surface quartz. A great many claims have already been taken out on these new reefs. Another crushing-machine, we learn, has got to work, and the escort is soon expected to reach 2,000 ounces. —Goulburn Chronicle. New South Wales.—By the latest advices from Sydney we learn that a bill had been introduced into the Legislative Assembly to abolish the law of primogeniture. The Chinese Immigrants Bill had passed the Assembly by a large majority, and would be forthwith laid before the committee. The Herald thinks that the Upper House should not t.hroiv out the bill, but reduce the tax on the Chines from L.10 a head to;half that amount.— The Annie, from Sydney to Point de Galle, had been wrecked at the North Head, fortunately without loss of human life.—A vein of plumbago had been discovered at Armidale. Fire at Prahran.—On Sunday, at noon, a fire broke out in the premises occupied by Mr. Bero nard Postle, Chapel-street, Praliran. The premises, which consisted of a wooden store, were burnt to the ground. The fire is supposed to have origi nated by some children playing with matches. The stock, valued at J300, was insured, but the premises were not. By the exertions of the neigh bors some of the property and a cash box contain ing £130, were saved.—Ags. Tarradale,—A report has reached us that at nugget of about eleven ounees in weight was found at Tarradale, on Monday evening last. This is the first, time, we believe, that gold of (such size lias been met with in that locality. We have not [ heard the name of the person who found it, but our informant states that he was melting his prize I as fast as he possibly could in the public-houscses in the neighborhood. A Conspirator !—Private letters mention that Mr. M. O. Bloxsorac, of Sj'dney, was in custody of the Soman police on suspicion of being a revolu t!r:;ary emissary. The principal ground of suspi cion, we hear, was the extraordinary quantity of hair on his face, Mr. Bloxsome having cultivated a Hard and moustache of the most grizzly and a'arming dimensions and appearance. Accident at the Pleasant Creek Theatre.— The correspondent of one of the Ararat papers reports the occurrence of a serious accident to a nerson of the name of Stormer on Tuesday night. It appears that he had to climb up one of the poles which supports the roof of the theatre, in order to arrange one of the lamps, and haviDg got on to a beam, unfortunately fell on to the stage, a height of 30 feet, He sustained happily only a severe shaking. Hevenck and Expenditure.—Tuesday's Gazette contains the quarterly statement of the revenue, receipts, and expenditure of the colony of Vic toria for the quarter ended 30th June. The total revenue was L.787,328 4s, showing an increase, as compared with the corresponding quarter of 1857, of L.21,630 13s. Under the head of Customs, the receipts were in 1858, L.422,354 13s Id, against L.410,631 ISs Id in 1857- The largest items cf increase are upon tobacco and the export duty on gold. Under tlio head of gold the figures are L. 17)311 2s 3d in 1858, against L.18,047 15s 2d in the previous years. Ports and harbors, L 4,499 17s, showing a small decrease. Proceeds of public lands' sales, 1857, L.164,093 17s 8d ; 1858, L.132,295 2s lid. Licenses, 1857, L.9G,87712s 7d ; 1858, L.145,419 os 9d. Postage, 3857, L.18,530 lis 4d ; 1858, L.22,414 5s. Fees, 1857, L.13,293 15s 8d; 1858, L.16,081 17s 4d. Fines and for feitures, L.3,323 7s 8d in 1857: L.2,341 14s in 18i8. Miscellaneous, L.29,481 14s in 1857, L.24,010 Gs lOd in 1858. The total increase of revenue during the year ending 30th June, as compared with the previous year, has been L.500,33G 14s 3d. The summary of disburse ments during the quarter presents the following items :—Expenditure—Service 1857, L,167,945 4s Id; do. 1858, L.G22,594 17s; refunds from revenue, L,3,859 17s 5d; special accounts, L.424,077 3s ; special funds, L.93,480 7s; sus pense accounts, L. 1,352 14s 7d, Total, L.1,303,310 3s Id. Wanted. WANTED Fencers and Grubbers. Apply C. O. McDonald, M'Crae-street. 87,75 w ANTED a good Dressmaker. Apply Mrs. Gould, Pall Mall. " 2U,e W ANTED a good Watchmaker. Apply to Mr. Zahrinuer, Bridge.street. 53,74 VYTANTED an active Lad. Francis Brothers, Pall W Mall. 269,74 WANTED at the Labor Market, High-street, a Man that understands horses; also a Female Cook. 03,74 ' W ANTED an Engagement by an experienced Nurse. Apply to Dr. Smith, Williamson-street. 52,74 WANTED a good Housemaid. Apply Crooked Billet Hotel, Third White Hill, Epsom Road* 68,75 WANTED to Hire a good Horse and Spring-cart two or three and a half days per week. Apply with terms, A. B., Post Office, Sandhurst. 55,74 WANTED a Small Goods Maker—must be a first rate hand. Williamson, Aspinal), and Striok land, bntcherB. 207,76 WANTED to let, two 3-room Cottages, pleasantly situated. Enquire of Mr. T. Gould, Pall Mall. 124,c WANTED to Let a Shop, opposite the new Post Office. Apply to Wm. Harris, View Point. 228,c WANT12D.—Belgium itestanraut provides - Board and Lodging 25s. weekly ; ' per day *>»• fid breakfast or supper Is. 6d. j beds Is. 82jly7 Wanted TT^ANTED nrnii looking for safe investments, to , ' , Knl"pe'n Auction Advertisements, bank aheetjjtus day'B paper. 2033,sep2S WAN I ED Tenders for further sinking a shaft 90 feet, on Specimen Hill, bead of Long Guily. Mr. Newhouae, puddling machine, OM Man's Gully. Long Gnlly. 54,75 P'?,".er!! to know 'hoy can always get the Highest 1 rice for Gold at the Hit*h-street-^Dis pensary. W, Stembel, Chemist and Gold Broker. 90,nov5 ly ANTED to Apprentice a Youth, 15 years of age, »;*, V" n respectable Carpenter, Wheelwright,-or Blacksmith. Address Ul'icorn, office of this paper. Market-square. 50 74 WANTED Tenders io build up "or timber the claim of Watson and RassmuBnen, New Chum Reef. Apply at the Bendigo Quartz Mill, High-street 58,76 WANTED Tenders for the further driving of the Specimen Hill Prospecting Association's shaft. Specifications to bo seen at British and American Hotel.—N.B. Tendera to be sent in on Friday evening1, 1 -.fore eight o'clock. 91.74 WANTED to Let on lease, or for a fixed period, Five Acres of Land, already plante with fruit and vine trees, and a great many more ready to go in. Apply to J. H. Peasson. Myers' Flat, Township of Stirling. 216,74 WANTED Tenders to sink a new shaft 100 feet on the Mr.iden Keef, for the Ironbark Quartz Mining Uompany. Tenders to be sent (o Mr. Henry Jackson, View.place, on or before Monday, the 12th instant, at nve o'clock p.m. •' 249/70 Missing Friends, &c.; QRNELIOUS MAHONEyTby applying to Henry Barrow, C&mpaspa; Inn, will hear of" something to his advantage 113m&tli;,c ME. SAMUEL HART, la'e of Long Gully, ig requested to send his address immediately to Henry Koch, Silver Mines Hotel, Long Gully. fil.TO . For Sale. ALWAYS on SALE, at Bill and Deakin's Coach Office, Market-square, Oats, Bran, Chaff, Pota oes, and Frnits. I05e FOR Sale, a good, strong two-horse American Waggon at John Hunter's, fruiterer, Bridge street. ■ 59,80. TO BUILDERS. FOR Sale, a quantity of first-rate Rubble Stone. Apply to Eadie and M'Intyre. 280mt7G OATS, Scotch, Danish, TasmaniaD, Feed and Seed Robertson and Stevenson, 4, Fliiider's-lane west, Melbourne. 1987,89 OIL, Oil, Oil ! cheapest on Bendigo, seven shillings per gallon, at H. Bishop's, ironmonger, Hi»h 8treet. 874,76 PN3S.—The best and cheapest Food for Pigs, to be had at the Sandhurst Steam FJonr Mills.—E. and J. Buekley, Millers. 227rtu»7 HOTOGRAPHIC MATERIALS of every descrip t tion constantly on sale at Batchelders and O'Neill's, 67?Collina-8trect east, Melbourne. Price-list forwarded to address. Goods carefully packed and sent' to any part of the colonies. ■ 158la».I23 QUICKSILVER on Sale by J, Holdsworth, drug gist, Harney's Buildinga, Bridge-street. 84,76 To be Sold or Let A GOOD Framed Tent for Sale. Apply to Mra Campbell, top of Williamsnn.street. 50,76 COUNTRY RESIDENCE TO LET— "HAPPY JACK'S" Loakwood, fnrnished j with or without 20 acres of Land, well oropped. Apply to f 1210c L. MACPHERSON. and CO. FOR Sale, a Public-house, doing a good and im proving trade. For particulars apply to Robert Rankin, View Place. " 203,7G TO Let, a handsome Three-room Brick Cottage? Apply Mr. Fairbank, Barnard-street, near Five Lions Hotel. 9i,l6 TO Let, the Premises lately in the occupation of Mr St. Lawrence, Bridge-street, Apply to Mr. J; Henderson, office of this paper, Market-square. o,o TO Let, a Family Residence, situate in Myers'-street, containing fonr rooms and kitchen. Apply to Mr James Henderson, office of this paper, Market-square. o,c ' TO. Let, those desirable premises in Bridge-street, L lately the residence of Dr, O'Brien ; they are fi'ted up with every accommodation Buitable for a commodious Hotel. 181,c Seeds, Plants, &c.; for Sale. NEW Garden Seeds, at Browns, No. 1, opposite new Postoffice. Fruit trees, herb roots, and flowering plants always on sale. Strawberry plants 6s, per 100 or 5Qg. per 1,000. 10Cc DID YOU EVER Try, brows , garden . seeds, ■ In Shilling Packets, at BROWN's, 1, VIEW POINT, Opposite New Post O^ce 1 IlOo FRUIT TREES! FRUIT TREES I ! WE are now prepared to supply all kinds of Fruit Trees, Vines, &c.;, warranted true to name and free from blight. iiDDY and RAYMENT, Pall Mall. Nursery—Boorandara. 1832jyl!) Miscellaneous. A TRUNK, addressed "Margaret Dillon," which came by an American wagon on Monday last from Melbourne, and said to be left in soma store on Bendigo. The party in whose possession it is is re quested to leave word at the Albert Hotel, where any expense incurred will be paid, or at the office of this paper, Pall Mall. 02,74 GINGER BEER, Sodawater, and Lemonade Manu facturers are requested to bear in mind the important auction sale, by J. H. Knipe, of the valuable and extensive Plant belonging to Messis. Pohl and Olbrech, White Hills. 276,74 PORTRAITS FOR ENGLAND. . J GLADSTONES will Bend his next case by O "Overland Mail," on the 30th. 73,76 TEN SHILLINGS REWARD. TAKEN from the outside of the United Kingdom Hotel, Golden-square, a Placard, with Mr. Pen dleton's name od it, and Fantasia on three tambourines. 270,7-t" Auctions. ' THIS DAY. ' UNRESERVED SALE op . VALUABLE FKREHOLD PROPERTY. L MACPHERSON and CO., instructed by Mr. , M. Brealoy, will sell, on the premises, on Thursday, the 8th of July, at twelve o'clock, THE WELCOME INN, Willi half an acre of Purchased Land. This commodious and well finished hotel is situated in one of the most advantageous position in the district, and commands, besides its immediate connectiou, the whole traffic to the Western Districts. The accommoda tions ore /irst-ra to, cum prising Bar, Concert Hall, four Bedding and two Sitting Rooms, with all necessary Out Offices. • Tlio House is built of weatherboard and is Bliinglod. The Stock and Furniture will also be sold, ■ At the same time, • • Allotment 0 of section 4, township of Eagle-; hawk, will be disposed of. * Ab well as Allotment 4, parish of Huntly, facing Sullivan street, as per plan of Mr.' Keith's property. These valuable properties wilt positively be sold, and those anxious to obtain" a'real bargain, will do well' to attend. •' 183,alt,o For remainder of'salts by auction ste next page. 