VESSELS EXPECTED IN SYDNEY. FROM TjONIION. Atnwiek Castle, 1-187 ton®. Hight Glen 7 flu. long tons, Parker Duncan Dunbar, 1370 'on?, Neatby Lochiel, f-74 tons, Hadrirn Lioyds, 1069 tons, Harrison Electric Spark, 1000 tons, Baker forest Monarch, 97/ ton--, Anderson. Emigrants Camperdown, 992 tons, Denny Janson, 377 ton.-, Stuart Star of Peace, 11 1 3 tons, Jaroson Walter Hood, 918 ton', Donald. from tivERPoor . Mary Russell Mitford, 520 tons, Leadley. July 10. Sailed Concurrent, 3^n *otis, Davidson. Alliance. 338 ton®, Carter^'. August 12. Sailed .Tame5 Wilson. 364 tons, Sheppard Nerbudda, 428 tons Geelong, 455 tons, Jackson Admiral Lyons, 11 3 tuns, Dunce.n, at gusgot. Victor, 40(1 tons, M'Doug;ill. The Tamar (p.). left Kenpel Bay at 7 a.m. on Fiiday, the 12th, and arrived at Sydney Heads at U p m. last night.' Spoke the b.s. Eagle 10 miles west of Breaksea Spit, on Saturday, 13th, a*. ]0 a. in : a briir, in company, name unknown. Kxperienced mo derate N.E. and S.E. winds to Smoky Cape, thence, to Sydnev, moderate and fresh S.W. winds, with a very heavy siutherly sea. The Tamar has 33 ounces gold, --n freight, to D. Cohen, The Brilliant, Golden Spring, and Eliza Goddard were about to sail tor Sydney, and nearly all the Melbourne ships had sailed. The Sybil was laying in the river, a complete wreck, and had been dismantled. The Mary Pleasant arrived onjthe 16th, from Liverpool, bringing 278 immigrants, classified as follows— 36 married couples, fi'J single men. 94 single womeu, and SO children. There have been three deaths— two of them immigrant' ; and the surgeon, Dr. Beal, who died of convulsions, on the 8th October. The utmost credit is due to Captain Gilchrist for the remarkably clean and healthy appear ance of all on board, particularly wnen the whole responsibility consequent on the death of the surgeon rested with him. Few vessels have arrived in more admirable order. The Cherokee arrived at Manila on the 7th Augint. The supplementary mails by the Wong.t Wonga (s.) consist of 15 boxes 1 bag and 2 packets,' containing 1942 letters and 3250 newspapers. The cargo of the Mimosa consists of 40 bales wool, and sundries. The Waratah brings un 118 bales wool, 10 bundles skins, ISO paunches and 5 casks tallow. The cargo of the Petrel, from Moreton Bay, consist* of 50 bales wool, 6 half-tierces tobacco, 22 bags flour, and 80UO feet pine. The Witchcraft, which arrived yesterday from San Francisco, is a perfect specimen of the American clipper, having been built ex- pressly for speed. She has made the pasage from San Francisco in forty-nine days, with only very indifferent winds. She touched at Pylstart, on» of the Tonga Islands, and brought on two men who h«d been residing on the island for some time, having formerly belonged to a whaler. The Alabama, American whaler, was lying there. The Azaan, from Manila the 12th August, reports the John ; Bun van as loading for Sydney. The Grand Trianon. — This fine ship bas been chartered by the H. E. I. Co. to convey stock to Madras. She will take 1 10 horsed, accompanied by 1 1 groom*. She is well ventilated with 14 lights, 7 at each side, together with 4 patent ventilators from the upper deck to where the horses are stalled. There will he no stalls on the upper deck, so that in caae of necessity in bad wea ther the horses will be perfectly outof the way— all that will require to be done will be to o'os® the'hatchen. She 'has on board over 200 tons of water and full complement of torage for 70 days, the average passages being from 60 to 65 days. Each horse will he allowed s-ix gallons of water per day. The Pan Flush is al«o taken un by the E. I. Government to proceed to that port with 6tock, and is the next ship to sail. The present horses shipped pn board the Grand Trianon are said to be the UneBt yet despatched from this colony. The Austrian frigate Novarra, 44 guns, Commodore Bernard von Wullersiorff, was placed in the Government Dry Dock, by Cap tain Matin, on Saturday forenoon. She entered with perfect ease, ' having all her main deck guns on board, although, it b-ing the season of neap tid^s, there wa= fully one foot less water at the entrance than usual. The Novarra is a very fine vc°sel, and evi dently large of her class. It is satisfactory thus to have proved the capabilities of the Fitzroy Dry Dock, this being the first instance in which so large a man-of-war has been docked in Sydney Harbour. The Harp reports the Adolphus Yates, from Sydney, and the Mary Thompson, from Melbourne, having arrived at Port Cooper previous to her leaving. The Grafton (s.), brings as cargo 3 bags wool, 7 casks tallow, 2 bundles skins, 34 tierces beef, and also 152 ozs. gold, consigned asfuliows: - 70 ozs., A. Thompson; 45 ozs., Commercial Bank; 3 7 ozs , Newton, Brothers. The Witchcraft.—' This celebrated American clipper, which arrived a few davs since from San Francisco, bas performed some of the quickest runs on record, and is allowed to he one of the fastest ships out o' New York, which is fully borne out by the fol lowing statement She made a passage on one occasion from. Kio Janeiro to Ran Francisco in 62 days ; on another occasion she sailed from New York to San Francisco, from tlunoe she went to Callao and the Chinchas, and back again to Callao', from thence to St. Thomas, and back to New York, in the short space of 8 months and 14 days , including her detention at the various ports loading and discbargir g. Iler greatest day's work by observation has been 345 miles. Although very fine below, she carries a heavy cargo, stowing with ease 1200 tons. The Sarah and Swan are both orieinally from Keppel Bay ; the latter vessel has had a very tedious passage, having been 45 days from that port. She was compelled to put into Moreton Bay with loss of sails, incurred during a succession of heavy gales. The Pr'-mier (s.) wa« sighted by the Sarah off Cape Capricorn. Thk Lorb Ashlkv.— We are informed by the agents of this vessel that steam will be got up this afternoon, and, upon the arrival of the Columbian, she will immediately go alongside and take in the New Zealand mails and sail without de'ay. H.M.S. Herald, Captain Denham. putintothebayon Saturday night, short of provisions, having been out on a surveying crui«e. The Port Master, Captain Geary, despatched the Spitfire early yesterday morning with a quantity of sheep and veeetables, and a further supply will be sent down by the. Clarence on Wednesday. A certain dealer in greengrocery in this town was applied to on Sunday for vegetables, but objected to supply them because of the day. 'Hearing of this, the Government. Resident ordered the boat to be sent down to Newstead, and supplied ail that was necessary from his own garden ? Moreton Bay Free Frets, 16fft November. The Macquarie Tower Light.— The lantern of the Upper 8outh Head Light (on the Macquarie Tower) has lately under gone considerable improvement, by the erection of nine new re flectors, of the same diameter as those used at the Hornby Light. Larger lamps have also taken the place of the old ones, j and been fitted with Faraday's tubes. Since these alterations have been carried out, we observe that the light has been much improved in brilliancy, and is visible at a greatly increased dis tance. They have been carried out, under , the supervision of the Steam Navigation and pilot Board, by Mr. Robinson, of George street. The Clarence (s.) left Cape Moreton at 9 30 a.m., on the 17th, and entered Svdnev Heads at 8-15 a.m. yesterday. She experi enced light, variable winds to Smo::y Cape: nfterwards strong south winds and squally weather. H.M.8. Herald was laying at the pilot station, Moreton Island, -watering. Passed the Yarra (s.) 15 miles north of Port Macquarie, on Thursday, at 10 a.m., and the Waratah off Black Head, at 10 p.m., same day. The cargo consists of 21 bales wool, 30 hides. 1 bundle calfskins, S bundles sheeoskins, 1 cask tallow, and sundry cases of fruit, &e.; Extracts from the Melbourne papers:— The Royal Diadem, barque, from vt adras, anchored in Hobson's Bay late on Wednesday evening. Her passage has been prolonged bv twenty consecutive days* calm on the Equator, with five in addition between Cape Leuwin and Pott Phillip Heads. Captain Lewis reports that freights were very low in Madras when lie left, and that there were a great number of vessels lyif e th»re. look ing out for cargoes from any Indian, port, as the freights were as °The ship Conway, Captain Dueuid, under charter of the Hon. East India Company, sailed from HobFOi's Bay yesterday with a large number of hor es for Calcutta. Sue will be followed by the Danish clipper ship Cimba. Qttkenscliff, November 12.— [By Electric Telegraph.] — The ship Beaumonde, from San Francisco on the 26»h October, spoke the American whaler Minerva II, three years out ; all well ; had 1500 barrels oil on hoard : reported the wreck of the after-p-»rt of a vessel floating near Elizabeth Shoal, which her commander was almost convinced was part of 'he Vaquero, bound to this port. The Patent Sup, WiLMAMSTowN.—Thp repairs of this import ant work having been completed, on Saturday last, at 2*30 p.m., the machinery was put in motion, and after a slight delay the Royal Bride, which ha-i been taken up previonsly, was commenced once more to move, and safely brought up to the top of the ways, the easy manner in which the machinery worked, proving that it was sufficiently strone to bring up a vessel of much greater weight than that of the Royal Bride, which showed on the indicator a strain of 1108 tons. The foundation of the slip hus stood this test without giving in thp slightest manner, and it is well known that the vessel rested during her detention on the most uncertain por tion of it, namelv between high and low water marks, J be re pairs of the Royal Bride will be proceeded with immediately, and as the shutters have heen constructed, it is expected she willbs ready for launching in about eight days. 