MERCANTILE AND MONEY ARTICLE. Saturday Evening, THE return of the Customs revenue for the port of Sydney from the 1st to the 6th of March is as follows: Spirits £470 4 3 I ' "Wine . 357 7 0 Ale, porter, and beer . 878 12 11 Tobacco, cigars, and snuff... 3350 12 11 Tea . 2933 12 0 Coffee and chicory . 211 U 8 sugar and molasses . 157110 0 Opium. 3 100 TOtal . £12,483 13 3 Monday Morning. By the Telegraph we have Melbourne papers to the 2nd instant. The Customs revenue at the port of Melbourne for the week ended the 27th ultimo amounted to £33,366 8s. 7d. For the month of February, the receipts, £108,380 11s. From the Argus we extract the follow-' ins: The monthly general meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was held on Wednesday, Mr. J. G. Francis, President of the Chamber, occupied the chair. A conversational discussion ensued on the report of the Committee on Mail Communication, during which it appeared that the opinion of several members of the Chamber, including the president, was that the mail contrast now in force could not be annulled. The following proviso in the contract appears to have been overlooked : "And It is hereby further agreed and provided, that without the consent of the said commissioners, signified in writing, under the hand of one of their secretaries, neither this contract, nor any part thereof, shall be assigned, un- depict, or disposed of, and that in case of the same or any part thereof being assigned, underlet, or otherwise disposed of, without such consent, signified as aforesaid, or in case of breach of this contract on the part of the said Company, either by habitual negligence or wilful default, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners for executing the said office of Lord High Admiral (if they think fit, and notwithstanding there may or may not have been any former breach of this contract by writing under the hand of one of their secretaries for the time being, to determine this contract, without any previous notice to the said Company or their agents, nor shall the said Company be entitled to any compensa- tion in consequence of such determination ; but if even this contract be so determined, the payment of the sum of money herein- after agreed to he made shall be enforced, should the same be not duly paid by the said Company, and the said Company shall continue liable for any liability which they may have incurred previous to any such determination." Mr. Josephs gave notice of MB intention to move, at the next general meeting, that " these meetings he held in future quarterly instead of monthly." Mr. Bowden brought forward his motion, " To consider the question of a Government Mint for the colony of Victoria," and submitted two resolutions to the chamber : - "That it is desirable to have branch of the Royal Mint established in Melbourne," and "That the committee bodircotedto prepare an address embodying the above resolution, and praying his Excellency to recommend it to the Executive and the Legisla- ture." Both these resolutions were carried. In the brief Uisous sion of the question that took place, reference was made to the unprofitable character of the branch of the Royal Mint at Sydney, and it appeared to be believed in some quarters that the Government of New South Wales would not offer any obstacle to the removal of the establishment from Sydney to Melbourne. This is not the first time this belief has been expressed here, but it certainly appears to be fallacious, if we read the public mind of the sister colony aright. The import market has been more active to-day. Flour has shown a decided movement upwards, and sales of first Adelaide brands are reported as high as £18 per ton, some holders refusing to sell at that rate. Oats fully maintain their position, the low rates previously ruling having caused increased consumption. Until the produce of the last harvest of this colony and of Tasmania is fully in the market, there appears but little likelihood of decline in prices. The cargo of Danish oats (7000 bags) per Maria Lucie, which arrived yesterday, has changed hands at 6s 3d per bushel. A quantity of colonial growth was yesterday disposed of by auction at the farm where it was produced, at 8s 6d, and wheat at 5s 4d per bushel. In other imported articles generally there is no change to remark, considerable quantities or goods have to-day been submitted to the hammer, be at the sales have I gone off languidly. The greater portion of the damaged teas ex Cashmere was disposed of, prices varying from 10s to £4 la per half-chest, and £8 to £6 12s 6d per chest, according to audit ties and extent of damage. The remainder of the teas ex ¡''.«(na from Hongkong fa portion being intended for a," sydney market), was o&W; and partially sold. Afowohests of good quality brought £3 each, the residue sold, bringing £7 8s to £7 I 12s 6d per wheat, £3 12s 6d to £4 Is per half-chest, and 21s to I 25s per box for ordinary congous £5 2s 6d to £5 8s per mt ; chest for two )By 5 and 20s per box I for hysonskin A few hundred bags of Mauritius sugars were disposed of, but being chiefly of dingy grey complexion, the prices do not afford correct quotations for good bright samples, good yellows brought 139 5s to 139 15s low to middling browns, £3 10s to £32 15s, low brown syrups, £28 10s to 3? 15s, and greyish white crystals, £17 5s per ton just, date on which the European and Australian mail steamer will lift due to J month On Sunday, the 7th instant, and the public, especially that portion engaged in commercial pursuits, will look for her arrival with much anxiety The European in the vessel, and Captain Parfitt ii 'r Commander The European, it will be remembered, was detainOdanoxtla month at Sydney at the termination of her last passage, in order taut "a thorough overhaul of her machinery might be second 'sued This was done, and the steamer sailed in excellent trim for the voyage Captain Parfitt achieved so many successes during, his former connection with the Australian mail service, that a disposition exists to expect something more than mere contract time from him on every occasion, of his returning to this port On the present voyage, a day gained would be a great boon to the Sydney merchants, as only two of hours' interval between the arrival of one steamer and the departure of the other is allowed by the contract time-table From Adelaide we have news to the 27th of February. From the Register we take the sub- joined report of the markets The tone of the markets this week has been influenced by advices from the adjacent colonies, showing a rise there in grain and flour. In the latter article there has been more doing at higher rates, and holders are disposed rather to raise than lower prices as choice parcels can be placed without difficulty.-. The prices I quote for actual sales are £15 to £16 5s. for town, and £14 5s. to £15, for country brands. Wheat has increased in value this week 2d. per bushel, sales of large parcels from' second hands having been closed at 6s. and 6s. Id. ; but millers and factors are however firm in refusing to pay more than 5s 10d. for straggling loads, many of which are expressly sent to market as feelers. It is now useless and unjust for a farmer sending 100 bushels of wheat to realise as much as his willing neighbour with 1000 bushels, and where labour and expenses of receiving, we, are but little more. Bran. The news per White Swan, of bran having reached 3s. to 3s 3d. in Melbourne, gave an impetus to the price here, as it immediately ran up from 1s. 9d. to 2s., at which figure the market closed. Oats. There is but little of our now crop offering, and but little demand at the prices expected by farmers many refusing to bring their oats to market until 7s. is obtained, which may not be expected for some time on account of the quantities of foreign yet in the markets. Pollards remain without any quotable variation since last week. Barley, being worth In Melbourne nearly 7s. per bushel, has shared with other descriptions of grain In the activity of the agricultural markets and the enhanced prices. In an early part of the day of the steamer's arrival, sales of Cape were done at 4s. 6d. to 5s. 3d. since which holders stick out for Os, knowing that the stocks in town are limited, and that buyers require immediate delivery. There is no English offering, and, from all accounts, this description appears likely to be scarce this season, the grand city sown being considerably below last harvest. "Corn sacks are quite unsaleable, unless a fall in price Is submitted to. Pressed hay continues flat. Timber Messrs. E. Solomon and Co. sold the cargo of deals and battens, ex Oscar I from Gottenburg, at the following rates 9-11 x 3 at 11d, 6 x 3 at 6yds, and battens at 4 7-10d and 43d, On the same occasion they realised for 5 feet palings 15s 9d, 6 feet palings 10s 0d, and laths 12s 3d. Beers. Bottled ale of any brand is wanted at quotations. Allsopp's, by Friend has been placed at 11s 6d. Sugars Within the week about 200 tons Manila have arrived from Melbourne. This, however, will not affect the Mauritius qualities, most of which continue in the hands of one house. Advices from the shipping ports state that no vessels were loading for the colonies, and as the Melbourne market is considerably firmer, a rise in our own, of Mauritius, will probably follow. Elco is firmer at quotations. Spirits. In the absence of any speculative demand, this market remains very inactive. Brandies, best brands, in bulk, are more plentiful, and the knowledge of several other parcels on the sea reduces holders to offer at 15s; but the trade appears well supplied. Gin continues a heavy glut and there is nothing doing in rum or whisky. In the same journal of the 27th instant we find the following paragraph : In the commercial report of the 21st ultimo, it was stated that a mercantile house had suspended business, with liabilities amount- ing to about £21,000. It was also stated that a composition of 5s in the pound had been offered, and that a committee was appointed to examine the condition of the estate, and to report on the propriety of accepting the offer. The proposed arrangement it is now understood, has been carried out ; the South Australian creditors receiving 5s in the pound at once in full of all demands, and, the Arm resuming its business operations. ' Our advices from Tasmania are to the 27th ultimo. The new Postage Act had come into operation. A statement of the revenue for the last quarter of the past year had been published in the Gazette. The following analysis is from the Launceston Examiner : - From a table published in the Gazette it appears that the revenue derived during the quarter ending 31st December, 1857, from spirits was £17,505 10s 7d, being a decrease as compared with the corresponding quarter of 1850 of £4402 12s 8d. The revenue received on tobacco was £500. 2s, being a decrease of £192 Ss as compared with the last quarter of 1850. On other goods the revenue for the quarter ending 31st December, 1867, was £9193 13s 4d, or an increase of £291 19s 9d over the same quarter of 1850\. On wharfage there was a decrease of £743 12s 6d. The total customs revenue for the quarter was £34,740 10s 7d, or a decrease as compared with 1858 of £5338 13s 3d. Lighthouse dues show a falling off or £25 03 10d. The following items of territorial land revenue show an increase viz -Sale of public lands by auction £11,025, increase £9880 19s; ditto by pre-emption £050, increase £150 j leases of public lands £3525 13s 2d, increase £195 Is. The quit rents amounted to £72 15s 6d, bolngndecieasoof£45 10s. The royalty paid on coals showed an increase of £0 12s. Tolls show a falling off of £159 8s 8d licenses an increase of £115 12s. Postage amounted to £2353 Os 9d, being an increase of £127 0s 3d. The following items show an increase namely, reimbursement in aid of expenses incurred by the Government £5783 lGs 10 J; Increase, £2530 la 7d. Contributions by the Home Government, £3000, against all in the December quarter of 1850 : miscellaneous receipts, £2393 7s 9d; increase, £855 a 7d; interest, £104 4s 4d ; increase £25 12s 4d ; electric telegraph £100 Gs lOd, against all in 1850. The totals stand as follows Revenue for quarter ending December, 1830, £78,000 4s 4d; for quarter ending December, 1857, £89,857 0s 3d. Net increase, £10,800 15s 11d. During the quarter ending December, 1850, £19,009 was received from the Immigration Commissioners, and debentures were sold to the extent of £3231 ; but during the same period of 1857 nothing was received from immigration, and debentures were sold to the amount of £20,380. These items are called special receipts in aid of re\ ensue. The Cornwall Chronicle reports of the Lands western markets : LAUNCESTON, February 27. Wheat and flour are being shipped in considerable quantities by the schooners Pilot, Circassian, and Flying Fish for Hobart Town. The rates ruling there justify the shipment of some of our surplus breadstuffs to the loss prolific end of the colony, but we fear that the quantity already shipped will be found more than sufficient to supply the demand in the city.' The transactions taking place consequent upon reading these schooners has prevented the races, cricket match, c, from put ing a complete stop on business here during the week. Wheat has been bought readily at 6s. per bushel, and in some instances, for prime samples, a shade higher has been paid. Flour is firm at £14, oats, 5s. 9d. to 6s. 3d., bran, 2s. to 2s. 3d. per bushel. We have New York news, via Melbourne, to the 7th December. The Herald says, The financial crisis seems to have exhausted itself, and we already see signs of a recovery of trade of all kinds from the succeeding stagnation. The opera, which is an excellent barometer of public feeling, has all at once been rejuvenated by the production of " Robert To Diablo" and the debut of Formes, the great basso. The rush to Irving laos on Monday night, was something unparalleled, even in this city of sudden excitements, and the audience included specimens from every stratum of society, from the top to the bottom. Ullman, the manager, has been completely renovated, and is projecting the most magnificent schemes for the future. There is also a marked improvement in all kinds of retail trade, and many manufacturing establishments have resumed operations. Wall-street is much easier, and the banks have a comfortable specie basis of 24 millions, " there or thereabouts." The leading stocks have come up to their proper values, and the fancies sell for more than they are worth, as usual. Money begins to circu- late more freely, collections are made with more facility, and the tax- receiver Is run down with the city debtors anxious to settle up. On a fine afternoon, like that of yesterday, you will see the Broadway bazaars crowded with ladies, who have now an opportunity to buy at fair prices. There are not so many long faces down town as there were three weeks ago ; we hear nothing more from the unemployed labourers, the honester portion of them finding plenty of hard work and sure pays the Central Park, and confluence, which is the basis of all mercantile operations, is returning more rapidly than could have been expected. It is quite evident, from all these indications, that, with proper foresight and a little economy to prevent too sudden an inflation, and thereby bring about a relapse, we may soon stand as well as we did a year ago. We have, at any rate, broken the neck of the revulsion, have passed through the panic, and are recovering from the stagnation, At present trade of all kinds is almost as active as it over is at this season of the year, which is never a particularly lively one. The bills of the Bank of Hamburgh have been refused by the banks of Augusta Ga. The cause of this is a disagreement upon the terms of their weekly settlements. The closing rates for sterling exchange to-day, for Saturday's steamer, were 84 and 6 per cent, for first-class bills on Paris, of. a 5f. 15. The Atlantic, from this port on Wednesday, will take out a still larger sum. The position of financial affairs on the other side is such as to force from our hands every dollar of gold we can be made to let go. The fact that the Bank of England had deemed it a wise policy to extend all the help required to the most prominent private banking houses of London, particularly those connected with the American trade, shows how fearful they are of the consequences that would follow such suspensions. "The effect upon the financial world of the failure of the Anglo-American banking houses of London would be more disastrous than anything that has occurred yet. These private banking houses are more intimately connected with the great national interests than the incorporated banking institutions of either country, and their failure would produce a panic greater than that caused by the suspension of our banks, and by the Order in Council annulling the Act regulating the issue department of the Bank of England. The importance of sustaining the houses in question was, therefore, apparent to the Bank managers and as these houses would be likely to call for enough money to meet every contingency, the probability is that the danger, so far as the private banking houses referred to are concerned, is past. In helping these firms the Bank of England has weakened its ability to help others, and there is very little doubt but numerous failures among a lower class of houses must follow. The course pursued by our banks was one of uncompromising contraction. No appeal for aid, no fear of losses by failure, no desire to weaken the force of the revulsion or allay the panic, operated upon the minds of the managers of our banks. Week after week the contraction went on, at the rate of millions per week, until the banks had placed themselves in a position of impregnable strength. It was not the policy of our banks to help anybody but themselves, and, had not the commercial classes generally been strong and able to meet the demands upon them, the assets of our banks would not have realised, in the aggregate, 20 cents on the dollar. The banks played a most desperate game, and were successful. The Bank of England is differently situated. It acts as a regulator to the finances of the world, and it must look as much to the great interests involved as to its own internal condition. It must make sacrifices, extend its operation? protect those with whom it-is connected in the struggle, so that they can exercise their full power and influence in alleging undue excitement, and relieve the pressure by preserving jubilee credit. The Bank of England has a duty to perform during a financial revulsion which compels it to extend its resources and risk them where others would hesitate. The banks of this city can draw themselves within their stone walls, and leave the community to take care of themselves as they bc!5,~-'ii. The Bank of England looks to the preservation of Past' no confidence by sustaining, if called upon, those houses which a times of panic, attract the greatest attention. The Bank of England is now engaged in this important movement, and Its ju dicious management may quiet the public mind, and bring about, at no distant day, a more healthy state of things in the financial world. Our banks have piled up in their vaults nearly twenty-five millions of bullion, reduced their discounts to less than ninety- five millions of dollars and there they stand, perfectly regardless of any national or local interest, and disposed, doubtless, bq wait patiently the recovery of confluence and business. 