'SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE, HOBSON'S BAY. Turn TABLE THIS DAY^-Hfgh'wator, 8 45 am:: low water, 10.55 um. ; high water, 8.35 p.m. ; row water, 11.10 p.m. v T June 8-0 a.m. : Wind N., strong ; weather dear and uno. 6.30 p.m. : Wind N,, strong ; weather cloudy, fine. ARRIVED. June 8. Burra Burra, s s, 800 tons, A. A. Har Star, from Adelaide 6th Inst. Passengers-saloon ' [tis O'Connor, Messrs. Hall, Hill, Gall and 22 in the steerage, McMeckan, Blackwood, and Co., agents SAILED. June 8. Harmony, schooner, for Warrnambool June 8. Prince Albert, brig, for Newcastle June 8. Scotia, schooner, for Hobart Town. June 8. Caroline, schooner, for Western Port. June Study Bird, steamer, for Portland. June 8. Admella, steamer, for Adelaide. ENTERED OUTWARDS. June 8. Dove, schooner, 40 tons, J. Jones, for Olr OUlarHcad, V.D.L. r June Sayers Creina, brig, 174 tons, W. H. Burgoyne, for Newcastle, N.S.W. June 8. Macclesfield, schooner, 115 tons, S. Ross, for Newcastle, N.S.W. June 8. Pilot, schooner, 90 tons, Wm. Burk, for Hobart Town. June 8. Raven, schooner, 114 tons, W. Marr, for Sydney. June 8. Thames, brig, 223 tons, J. Bremner, for Sydney. June 8. Telegraph, American barque, 431 tons, A. W. Giles, for Guam. - ' CLEARED OUT. June 8.--dcZmeliit, s s., 200 tons, H. McEwan for Adelaide. Wharton, Caird, and Co., agents. June Sa Chamois, barque, 250 tons, H. Jolly for Guam, in ballast. Dalgety, Cruikshank, and Co., agents. Juno 8. Black Swan, s.s. 120 tons, A. T. Woods for Launceston. Wm. Boyles and Co., agents. PROJECTED DEPARTURES. FOR ENGLAND AND um EAST. - Australasian, R.M.S., 16th June. ' FOR LONDON. Avon, 10th June; Abyssinian, 15th June; Suffolk, 30th June. FOR LIVERPOOL.-.Suifana, 15th June ; Ocean Chief 22nd June. Port SYDNEY.-iontfo», 10th June. FOR LAUNCESTON. Black Swan, this day. FOR HOBART Town. City of Hobart, this day. FOR ADELAIDE. - Burra Burra, 12th June, FOR SAN FRANCISCO. Glimpse, early. FOR CALLAO Black Swan ; Royal Saxon. FOR BOMBAY.-llaimlton C. Kidston, early. FOR MADRAS.-Bcmiatte, early. FOR CALCUTTA. Zuleika, 12th June. FOR MAURITIUS. Chamois, early. FOR SINOAVORE.-Sumatra, early. FOR BATAVIA.-.dcntit'a. early. IMPORTS. June 8. Burra Burra, s., from Adelaide: 10 tons bran, 30 bags barley, 831 sheets iron, 40 tons flour, Order, EXPORTS. Juno8.-jldJiiclta, for Adelaide: 6 hhds qr-casks brandy, 15 Hhds. beer, 8 tons soap, 2 casks tartaric acid, 2 packages leather, 18 packages sundries. June 8. Black Swan, for Launceston : 2 hhds. 12 qr-casks brandy, 5 half- tierces tobacco, 7 cases drapery, 1 case loathorpursas, 120 rolls Indian matting, I case stationery, 2 cases books, 10 kegs nails. PORT PHILLIP HEADS. June 8.8.30 a.m.: Wind W., light; weather fine. 6.80 p.m.: Wind N.W., freSh ; weather cloudy. ARRIVED. June 8. Caroline, schooner, coastwise June 8. Mamie Dike, schooner, from Wellington, N. Z. June 8. Atalanta, ship, ft 6in Plymouth. Government Immigrants. De Pass Brothers and Co., agents. June 8. Drover, brig, from Adelaide, June 8, Northern Bride, ship, 357 tons, from Liverpool, 97 days out, 40 passengers. De Pass Brothers and Co., agents. June 8, Rebecca, schooner, from Adelaide. June 8. Mariposa, schooner, from Port Albert. SAILED. June 8. Jeannie Dove, schooner, for Wellington. N. Z. June S.-Tuisko, ship, for Batavia. June 8 Yarra, schooner, for Newcastle. June 8. Admiral Boxer, ship, for Sydney. June 8, Storm Bird, steamer, for Port Albert, June 8 -General Jessup, barque, for Adelaide. PORT OF GEELONG. \- ARRIVED. June 7. Reliance, Dart, from Hobart Town Mary arrive, from Newcastle S ULLD. June 7 Montezuma, for Port Frederick. PORT OF ADELAIDE. ARRIVED. Nil. SAILED June 8. Unity, for Melbourne. June A Storm Cloud, for Guam; Drover, for Melbourne. CALLAO SHIPPING. ARRIVED. February 10. King Philip, from Melbourne. February li. Athens, Veteran, Omega, David Fleming, from Melbourne. February 22.- Agnes, Ley, Mouse de Nantes, from Melbourne. February 22.-Jfrcs Trade, from Melbourne. TIME-BALL. MELBOURNE AND WILLIAMS- TOWN. Lat. 37 deg. 52 m. 42 s. S. Love Ob. 80 m. 41 a. 8 E. Drops at 1 o'clock, mean time; or 15h. 204. 18 2s,, Greenwich time. Tuesday, June 3. No time-ball. TIME-SIG.NAL.-LIGHTHOUSE, GELLIBRAND S POINT. The light is obstructed at 2 min. to 8, and reappears at 8 p.m. mean time. Tuesday, June 3. R. M. s. Timeofreappoaranco 8 00 OOO THE LOST MAIL STEAM-PACKET. Within the last 12 years about 20 large mail-packet I have been lost. Seven of these have gone down in the North Atlantic, three in the Gulf of Mexico, three in the China and Indian seas, one in the Bay of Biscay, and three on the Portuguese and Spanish coasts. The value of the seven packets lost in the North Atlantic, with their cargoes, is estimated at £2,000,000 sterling. Since 1853, 2000 persons have perished, and 10,000,000 dollars' worth of property has been destroyed, in the wreck of United States coasting mail packets. Out of the 20 ocean mail packets lost during the last dozen years, three, with all their crews and passengers, were lost, and their fate never heard of. One was burnt while going at full speed, and a great many of the people on board perished in the flames. a Another was run down in the China Sea by a packet going in the same direction, the lights of the former having been soon from the latter when mile) a-head. The most dreadful of all these shipwrecks, perhaps, wore the foundering in the Atlantic Ocean of the President, the Pacific, and the City of Glasgow o, from which not a soul survived to tell the tale. Months elapsed before all hope was extinguished the breasts of relatives that some at least of the past sengers and crew flight somewhere turn up alive. A most harrowing story, too, is that of the burning of the Amazon, and also that of the striking of the Tweed on the Alacranes, The engineer of the Amizm could not turn off the steam, and the ship went bounding and blazing along the ocean, while those who escaped were stunned with the noise of the paddle-wheels and the waves, together with the roar- ing of the wind and flames, and the shrieks of the dying on board. In the case of the Tweed, scores of persons were devoured by sharks if they jumped from the sinking ship. Last year a mail packet was wrecked in the Indian Sea, and an officer and troops were on board her, coming from the Persian war. As soon as they escaped from the wreck and Were landed, the officer and soldiers fell on their knees, and the former reverently gave thanks to Heaven for their preservation. A fe Y months afterwards be gained an immortal name in avenging the atrocities at Cawnpore and relief vin 2 Lucknow. It is unnecessary to say that this was Henry Havelock, We have just heard of the wreck of the mail packet Ava, in the Bay of Beira!, having on board the ladies and children who had escaped a frightful death in Lucknow, and whose sufferings and dangers, it appears, were not to cease even after they had left India, and were under British protection on the sea, Power, the eminent English comedian, as well as a member of one of our ducal famlllOB, perished in lhaPresident. Eliot Warburton, the author of The Crescent and the Cross," whose graphic pen was about to be dipped in the gorgeous hues of Central American scenery, was lost in the Amazon. A rich passenger on board the Arctic offered £30,000 to whoever could save his life, and there is no doubt that anyone who could have done would have received the reward, but no one was able to carry it. A passenger on board the Brazil mail packet which went ashore at St. Alban's Head last year, offered £500 to a coastguard man if he took him safely ashore, which was done, and the coastguard man received a cheque for the amount. The sufferings of some of the survivors of the lost mail packets have been terrible. It is feared that one or two of the survivors of a mail steamer, which was wrecked a short time since, were saved from starvation only by having recourse to cannibalism. The mail packet Tay went ashore many years ago in the West Indies, and the captain and crew abandoned her ; and engineer, however, stuck to her and saved her, to be wrecked afterwards in the Gulf of Mexico. For seven years the Peninsular and Oriental Company never lost a ship ; they then lost seven ships in 12 years, and during the last of those years they have lost three ships. The Royal Mill Company began their career by losing ships, but latterly they have had better luck. Cunard's Company have been the most fortunate of all the mail packet companies, as far as the loss of ships in concerned. The Peninsular and Oriental and the Royal Mail Companies have each lostabouttho same number of ships. Daily News. POST OFFICE NOTICE. MAILS OUTWARDLY is notified at the General Post-office that mails will be made up for the undermentioned places, closing as follows -Avon, for London, 10th June, 4 p.m. ; Black Swan, for Launceston, this day, 10 a.m. ; City of Hobart, for Hobart Town, this day, 11,80 am, HUDSON'S BAY Throughout yesterday a northerly wind prevailed, which prevented the vessels which were telegraphed at the Heads from arriving in the Bay in time to be reported in our shipping columns. At sundown three VCBSCIS were beating up the Bay viz., three masted schooner, supposed to bethoPeari, from Warrnambool ; along, the (Thomas and Henry, for Otago, N. Z. and a schooner, name unknown, from the coast. The Burra Burra has had a fine run to and from Adelaide, having left Port Phillip Heads on 2nd last and passed them again on her return voyage this morning at 10 o'clock, the voyage to Adelaide and back having been performed In six days. \- CALMO. -The following notice of a movement of great importance to shipowners and masters trading with Callao is taken from the Callao and Chincha Islands Shipping List of 26th February : " There has been a proposition made to the municipal author Titles of Callao to abolish all the existing sailor bird gig-house that are at present in existence, and in their stead to establish one large house, and call it a Sailors' Home. The proposers of this scheme wUh to have the exclusive right to and over the said establishment Jkfor j 10 years, and for which they guarantee ' with ample security ' so pay the turn, of 120,000 debt, to the municipal authorities, the said money to be paid by instalments at the rate of 1,000 tons, per month. The above scheme does not embrace natives, or men serving In my Peruvian ships, From observation for the last three months we find that there has not exceeded lo my one month more than 30 (in one of the mouths only 10) legally discharged seamen, that is to say, seamen shipped at other ports In foreign ships to be discharged at Callao, with the consent of any of the following montlonodconsuls, viz., American, British, Belgian, Chilian, Danish, French, Hamburg, and Norwegian. Desertions, however, from ships are outrageous and alarming, taking place daily and hourly; in some instances where the captain and officers haversack determined to retain, if possible, their crews on board, to complete their original contrasts, they, the masters and officers, have done so at the peril of their lives, as the following cases out of a great number will show a 1. Ono mastered been very ill during the passage from Australia to this port. Upon arriv 1 he was in a very delicate state of health, and was in the act of going to his consignees at 10 o'clock in the morning, when a great double-seated follow struck him between the eyes, and felled him to the ground. This was because the master, upon his arrival, had requested Mr. Doublcilst to quit his ship, as he believed he came on board for no good purpose 2. The master, a very old gentleman, when passing along the Commercial-street, at mid-day, was beaten on the head until insensible by six powerful follows, arm 1 with bludgeons. This was because he had given orders on board his ship for his officers to throw stones, and fire from markets blank cartridges, at any book, that would persist in coming alongside his ship after gunfire of an evening. 3. Another master, in the forenoon was taken hold of, and thrown from the mole into the sea, to the great danger of his life, at cause he objected to allow his men to desert from his boat. We could repeat many more instances, but believe the above are fully sufficient for our present purpose. On the other side of this question we will only state one instance, hollering that the details are sickening enough show nights ago, between 10 and 11 o'clock, two men were shot in the head with bill, for trying to steal sailors from a ship. The ball struck one of them on the fore part of the head, entered the skin, traversed the top part of his skull and came out at the back part. The other one was struck by the ball on the cheek, knocking out several tooth from the upper and lower or jaws, passing under and cutting the tongue, taking two more toothoftholowor jaw. from,ho opposite side to its entrance, and finally passing down the fellow's throat. Doubtless the proceedings in all these cases have been very wrong, and we think that foreign owners should endeavor to do something to put a stop to those going on, in the remedy is entirely in their Hands time: desire all masters immediately upon arrival to discharge their crows. The first benefit to be derived from such a proceeding would be that seamen could then be produced for 12 or 15 dollars per month and then, if the master bid an InoQlclmit sea- man on board, he could easily replace him by a new one ; but now he is deterred from making the export months consequence of the exorbitant rate of wages that his ship would be compelled to pay. To suppose that any good can be done by applying to the authorities here is all folly, as the proposition now lying before the municipal authorities clearly proves, by cause, If residents bore supposed it possible that the authorities here would protect foreign owners of ves- eyes, they would never offer the sum of 120,000 does, for the control of this particular business." TUB "LEVIATHAN'S"'ANCHORS.-During the course on! Tuesday and Wednesday the huge anchors on which the safety of the big ship must hereafter depend, and; which have therefore been made according to Trot man's patent, were subjected to a mostsovoro order in the rest-house at Woolwich Dockyard. Though the strain to which they were exposed in considers")') beyond the test required for navy anchors generally and at least 30 per cent. more than any other and II of the same weight could sustain, yet the result was satisfactory, even beyond what was expected during tests were conducted after the usual manner the strain being applied with the hydraulic press, and the number of tons registered in each case. The first anchor tried weighed 6 tons 12 cwt, and the total deflection of the arm and Bank of this at a strain of 60 tons was only Jths of on inch at 70 tons, 1 7-16ths at 80 tons, 1 13 10th; at 00 tous, 22 and at 100 tons 8 3-10 inches. Immediately after the strain was relaxed the total deflection declined to Jilts of an inch, an gradually continued lessening till, on Wednesday; morning, it had quite disappeared, and the most careful examination and measurement failed to detect the slightest variation of the ports. More positive evidence than this as to the strength of the auto and the elasticity of its form and material could not be given. The next tried was of the same weight as this we have just mentioned, but the total collections this, Rt 50 tons, was only three-quarters of an inch while at 100 tons It was no more than 2 2-tooths, 0 exactly one inch less than the first. Thonpporen permanent deflection of this was half an inch, he even this Might curvature had disappeared by Wednes day. On that day a smaller one of four tons was tried, and the total deflection of this at 75 tons pres sure was only 86, and the apparent permanent deflect tion, 15-10th, disappeared in a few hours. The At miral ty scale of proofs for anchors used in the Royal navy is based on the sectional area of the iron, and I proportion as the anchors increase in size and weight at severity of the test diminishes thus, one of 2 cwt. : tested to 4 tons strain, one of 20 on t. to 20 tons, 60 how to 42 tons, 75 cwt. to 50 tons, and son to 103 cw for the largest anchor used in the Royal navy, and if proof test for which is only 63 tons. According to a scale an anchor of 10 tons weight would be proved 1 only 100 tons. The severity of the test adopted 1 Woolwich, or else the inferior strength of comme anchors to Trotman's, is proved by the large propo tion broken at the dockyard, and the number of the that are reported in effective with ordinary pro only. The great advantage of Trotman's anchor conSists in the flexibility of all its parts, by which each made to contribute its portion of duty towards a whole. But for this, and the mechanical principles 0 which it is constructed, which enable it to obtain a maximum of strength with the minimum of weigh the anchors we mentioned would never have with stood the severe proof required by Mr. Brunel befor Ino would allow them to be put on board the Leviathan They were all manufactured by Wood, of Liverpool -The Times. MERCANTILE MARINERS has long been a star for disgrace to the Government of this country that, For. ing as it does in any case of national emergency for supply of practical officers and seamen on the merchant service, no attempt has been made to raise it the same analogous position towards the Royal na' that the militia holds to the army. Notwithstanding the practicability of the service being so organise J I the example of the East India Company's mail service which enabled them during war to proceed Without convoy, and to the defeat of a French squadron the Indiaman commanded by Commodore Danes, in mercantile marine force was also always sufficient to protect the China trade in the waters of Canton river, and repel the attacks of pirates. It was all unquestionably the nucleus of a school of officers at navigators such as the Royal navy never could turn out, if placed in command of merchant ships, without a sailing master to navigate and perform the you the duties required; and, moreover, our navy never w be what it ought to be until the duties of sailing mast are performed by the junior lieutenant, as In thoAiaoi can navy-the sailing mister being analogous to that in adjutant In the army. The first step, then, is I recognise the mercantile marine service, as an place pointed body the next to accord the officers rank ft academic and professional competency equal to that lln,itn,,nnt. and a uniform similar to that In lisa In the East India Company's service. It would not be at all. expensive, and the wearing of It, except on duty, optional. All naval and military men admit the invaluable services of the mercantile marine during the Crimean war, and of the steam and sailing ships recently employed in carrying troops to India, commanded by officers of the mercantile marine, who preside at their own tables, and take precedence of the highest military officer on board. Not a single casualty has occurred, with the solitary exception of the loss of Her Majesty's ship Transit, in the Straits of Banca; while the case of fire on board the Sarah Sands affordodaremarkablodisplay of ohlvalrlcoo drags and discipline on the part of Captain Castle and the officers and crew; and yet Government have not deigned to notice such gallant and meritorious conduct. Had the Sarah Sands b:on a French ship, the Emperor would have decorated the officers with the Legion of Honor; but in England such services are requested with studied neglect by an oligarchic ii Government, composed of lords and courtiers, who only permit the middle classes to exist under the cold shade of their distant recognition. We would challenge the world to produce officers superior to those in command of the Cunard, Peninsular, Oriental, Royal West India, and Montreal steamers; and yet they have no rank beyond that of a common coasting pilot or master, and only wear a uniform on sufferance, although the latter is essential to discipline, as dating. crushing them from the crowd of passengers. This movement, therefore, on the part of the mercantile marine, we say, must be supported, and, to use a Transatlantic expression, it must be " forced through," and that without delay Liverpool Daily Post. 