COLONIAL MAUKE IS. Muitouuxi doun Axu Onvix Mviikit-During tho earlier portion ot the week tho market for flour eontluued in the same Inactive condition in which It lins tor some time lan finished towards thu close of tho week there lias bceu au mprovcmcnt, caused by outers both for town aud couutiy use of liutifllch nt amount, however, to Influence prices lo um oxtent Tho opening of cominuuliatlou by electric teligrnpli between Melbourne and Adelaldo has been endeavoured to oe used, It is reported by speculator» lutorested lu ino ¡lout market tocnuse a rush up lu prices but without success Stucks hen, although norilup* not superabundant aroudmltted on nil hands to bo equal to ull requirements 1 In. by duey market Is Shawn beyond dispute to bo tully supplied with sound flour, and with considerable stocks to spare for shipment In Adclaido and In rnsinanlii some considerable portions or two icura crops ot wheat remains iiutlmiilied ¡ and us we uro now ut six months lrom tho harvest time of South Australia hardly any amount of «peculation can bo sufllclcnt lo induce any pei miment adv ance in tile | rice of this article Adelaide, flour ranges, according to brand, (Vom l18 los to£.0 las innula (which this season Is much improved lu quality), £20, llaxall aud Gallego arc somewhat scarce, and may be cou seqiiontly quoted at from iii lo 123 Hie grain market gene rally has undcrgouo no change during the w eck. 1 ho demand lor wheat continues steady at unaltered rates Bailey is quite ncglectid und no sale« whatever are repotted Oats aro still much depressed the presumed Ina eased consumption usually attendant on low prices has induced a eoniovv hut speculative feeling during the week, which has, however, boen ohocked bv nrrlwil«, leaving tho nmikct with a gloomy prospect, whloh la no1 likely to bo improved by thonrilvalol the quant It) de- pot tod to bo 10 000 bushell.) on board tho Mary Robinson lrom ban 11anclsco Colonial oats certainly not a vcry primo siunpli, lmvo been placed nt nuotlon during tho week nt Os Id pir bushel Bran continues lu fuir request, ut about -'* Jd per bushel the town mills being short of Illa m tide and the ship incuts from tho neighbouring colonies light dram and maku both dull of sale Quotations uru -Wheat, colonial 6s til to 8s ud t oats-bootchnndlilshSa toss Jd, colonlnl (.» Sd to Os Od , Danish nominal, and In no demand i Capo barley, (is i Etifcllsh 7s i malic os (id toil» ud pei bushell gram ¿liner ton i malt, Hi Ud to lJs per bushel -lho Milla i lhere Is but little vuiiatlon In prices to repoit tilla wcel A steady .but by no means extensivo business lins been done at the following quotations,vii - lirstflour ASlt sioonda-JLlOtoiJO, Haxnll, 4,23 10s pot ton t bran, 2s Jd to 4* 3d 1 wheat, 8s (id to 8s 0d per bushel- Al mu, July 30 Mm.uocmNL. Hai MAiiBEr-The compaintholy small sup- ply at mai kot at tho oloso ot last w cek and conséquent improv od pilcf, bos caused a hugo Inórense in tho¡quantity broitghf lui 307 loada linvo been at market but, thu demand continuing good, prices havo bepu tqlombly well siistultud We quotu cstlmv i.8 8s to iOi second class £7 to £8 ¡ Interior, Aq to 10 10s t straw, £310s to £4 per Inn - Argus July ia Mi.uiouuNi SrooKMAnkrr-1 at Cattle-lho supply lina boen very moderate dining the week and being, for the chief part, of somewhat Interior ilcscrljtlon, pilmu lots met very brisk salo nt slightly advanced pi lees and may bu quoted at from 38i to 8Js od per loo Hi. or 110 to £13 10s for bullocks and £7 to £10 for cow s i sccoud quality as« Cd to 21s i inferior, 17s. to ula per loo lb 1 ho iiunibor at market w as about looo head Messrs Ryan and Hammond «old 60 head ot middling quality cows and bullock», at au uvuiago or« 18s, each i 87 head, middling to prime, at £7 los. to £1810», each for bollocks, I and £o los to £11 os inch tor cow« i aud a lot of SO bad condi- tioned bullooks at £! 1(9 pu bead Míii;j DaUaauoy Camp. bell and Co roport lmv Ing sold a lot of vcrv lnñ.ri«> n. «7" from £4 to £(I V, por head Store Catth7-m iw1 '¡.'V, ü are In lho maiket, for which full nfcs are rennie1 ot'1018 however profci nwalllm, fresh n.rival, ffiÄr LÍTT demand f.ooel ml\e 1 lots are w ort!) from 70, to;,,''?,? r" "Î Inferior ubout Ms foin« per lind 1 at Sheen-ihL1 ,mi myka lins been less plentiful than during lho m2»KPplri" but sid! quite cminl to tim demand the min be.? «t J'cfk I« ing about not) I lie stock otTereel con Jsltd chl»fl» SM\? ¡Hing qualities nillo!, may be quoted it Iram 2U üßi ""1 or good wethers, slcouiI tate from 1 Is to 2-s f, ^fCacl1 1* io tis cnoli Really prime hnvy^weabers »mÄ foi, lind would hilve, brought from JJsyt¿, """Gd a i,Í53uW none were at market Mtssrs Power and Itm,«r, ,, ',)ut hnlniraolil um good wethers, at from Tis jAïï 1J(Ü pilme enes at from l8* to 10s each Messrs n r. nd bell and Co also advise having effected sa!« of ison """j wether*, at from 21s (id los.'s foi cncli Store shcA.!004 in much request Good oknu sntep"would realÄh T. uo st») fioin IBs Id to tfs ni for wethers and 12¿rinÄn"cs~ Horse innikot -This market has hrëndu"ï?hroiiX,ît ,?^ï willi the exception of the demand for fro« Elot. Cf country, which of good sort» continue scarce ÏÏ tom i1,6 Hist class light harness and goodI hackney Si,Inlfe"-'"1 Mr W W W> i,|)orts sales of JO head ^ne firs Znïr».r Vara) s, ol the Billibong at from £ , to £ § ¿nell n£T îIr £ '. A second droit from the same stud, stinll but A°Ç condition, ntnn average price oí £10 each nul n& ," i00* In horses, from the Broken Rlvei in Ion co, dfioi *nf Ä". to £2» each Messrs Dougharty an Co sod «"iS ,£8 draught horses at from £ 1110s to' £« each nu 1 a Ä,lui ordinary ¡own horse* nt prieesvarylng nccordinítodiAí and condition - Argu* Juin id ln|110 U(*enptloa Adii^idf Mvilktr*- Nchnvo Adelaide tnniv» <n ti.. ?» j Inst hi ought by the/tarro JJumi ll.eÄTÄ^? ¡n/Hir of that (Inte repon» of the market -l|,c,Är* telegraph to \ iclorln, after so man) delius took nine f» j * mid several messages have been sent, but iiptb í octa «í*7, plies lind reached Adelaide The market for coloninJ nrïï,*" generally lins been dull throughout Hie lie t Ki divs PÄM Best countr) brands have been olTcttd nt £17,audVom.«,»' during the hut three dava, but transaction^, hjÄat£18 »mite«! M lient has fluctuated good lal In X?¿W donn to "s ed ntthc tullis,,, toni. It lins bèeu Lain n,Äg elemand forivport, and parcel* hat e c1 ann"d hÄ siT-i" andids dcl.vcicdntthcl.ort. Brun hasbeensoldat7"si M crain for hornçkod we quote no transactions. Th» \~Ji. Vouellng at the Me honnie berth lost week «re still lie« ÜÄ ilililcult) iacMierieiieediu, Inducing shippers m S'ffifcr ward cvenut low rates ol freight.- Mi ¡¿Junie Irm or Svonlv Hw Conv AM) Cattlf MarKM -Til«*.. I vening July .7-lho market couth,,,, s lo he «eil snSi lho produce tinms ate now nrrhmK m town rimt,ii»lpir following price* art. quoted -Hay, hu "fMolÄsL S° lucerne, £8 to ill tier ton. straw, n to £510s ncr ton ' tfh° .' »ho», id per bushel maize, is toss pcrTu "cl" Jïïi stull, 1« to is 4d per dozen bundle« bark £4 In» LiftT ton, con* £Hto £10 per head .calves .'"s. to Jos each ~Lm$¡ M VITLA.SD DiSTliiCT CotNcit -The meeline; of the V.it land District Council and Road 1 rust, wss not cid lLt M"mi". but isnppolutcl to beheld on Monday next atelevSoeCi>' Poliu Ulmmj» -OnThursday tnerewerefliecasesin«ti,, police list at \\\ cut Maitland Mr* Green aid Mr Tj Do vu re the silting moglslratcs fliere was one ca»con the mu« list nt I.RHi Vmllmi.t ,..l...,ln«, tt« i-,-. u." ,. nepoiice list at Last Mmllaiid yesterday Mr l)nvid<on Mr ri~ iV ami Mr O L Middleton were the silling ningUtratc. °<1'L . "»^ooUo^poDmoiNos-Acorresiioiiifint writing under date tho ICUi .inlv sn)8- I have very little of ranscauenccto ol heav ) rain-none of ) ourScolch mists, but real mnulne rein It is n-uin clear nnd nppiirentl) disposed lo continue to vi« "re dully expecting Hie nrriv al ol Commissioner Iluebannn from the Rocky but Miopedettrred muketh the heirt sick at leat we can i.a) so in good ¡ruth On account of Hie dam at ttio lund of the main creek, belüg bullt to u most iinneccusry liüibt the heavy rain which wouhl otherwise have doncven little harm, broke through tlilsungalnl) structure, and rarrledevirv tiling_rapid!) before it, throning mum parties below the dum out of work, anil destrovlug the united labour of month* ol un vuuried toil 1 ytalerdn) paid a visit to the qusru reef »nd waa »how n some vert flue specimens of gold In qasrtz. Anti perienccd judge tells me the reef will ta) ncUfor worklnir The quartz ubounds with iron tone, and contains lone very pretl) specimen« of cr) stnllize el quartz It is late, snell sm hslftrozen, anil ni mv blanket lies Invilliigh bv m) «Ide I shall close willi wishing )ou good night -/tarin« Dont Unalla July 11 CiivnarorPiimiu -rimoth) M'Ctieappeared beforetho beneli, )e-sterdn) bv postponement to nnswer a charge of w11 lui and corrupt pirjur) lnld against him b) William llsrrii The pcrjur) was alli"ed to consist in lils having sworn ih»t he had never sold glveii ana), or authorized the sale or ¿bin« awa) ofa certain con, concerning which there lisd been s tiSu belorc the Court of i'ctty Se«*lons Mr Minter appeared for the coiiiplaiunut and Mr Chambers and Mr O Messner for Ina dcleuilaiit 1 vidence was tuken, yeslcnlm tor tne defence. Michael M'Cuc, son of the détendant, state-el that his falber had supplied the town of East Maitland with milk tor seventeen v ears \\\ hen he broke up the establishment, ho had 400 or SOO henel of cattle He (vv Itness) remembered seeing a cow in not session ot a ) oimg mau named Harris \\\ hen gdngdewvn to Hid paddock one da) «ill, his father he said 'see, there s Venns s heller In Ule »alcvarda lids »as about three or four months ago and the htllir nustheouc In dispute They went into the )aiei und saw their brand on the cow They hi ard fren Harris Hint the con wnsliitfattura.nnil Hint It bid becu boufht by bim at V\ es1 Maitland, at auitlon The dttiudant vvn» going to Iel the bo) luke Hie con ho ne. n« he coull! get It lrom Harris nt nu) uni V\ lim «s nell Iseil htsfathirtogo to he court for udvlec which he did. mid afterwards went lo Mr Dexleli, Ile and others carno to Hie yard n lien his father said the con mu lils, and lie mur inltneled selling her, and lorne one mun have taken her ann) After this the cow was lit out of tliojard, ami went home to In* var!, where young Harris came to sec her borne ) ears ago his tattler sold a lot of milling cows. VMtnesa and his brother drove them Into the yards. His father went with them They had a grut number ol cattle nitn» In the bush He did not remember this cow having been sold Cross examined Ills luther authorised thlssaleof cattle M Une«* wus not present the whole of the tune It was fouror llv e ) ears sine« he saw the row with Harris from tho time lie branded her Ri evninined Tiny had been liwkiug for this cow some time belorc the) «aw her with Harris People had inquired whether cattle bought fron his father at isles had returned, no Inquiry hail been inane about that coa -John M Cue lind been up the country with hi« brother, and returned t ridin week Uo knew tin heifer In dispute between Harris ami lil* luther lier mother was a cou named \ ecus, sold lu the sale jard« somo four )csrs ago fie bad never leen the heifer from the thue she w us a ) cn, and six month! old, till tno or three mouths ago, when she wai with hil fathericows in the ) ard Mi o was not sold nt the same time as \ crail. 1 enus had a ) oungcr calf ut foot when she was sold to the best ol his recollietlon The sale ) ards lav betwteu hil lather s howe snd the piddocks and after those lor sale w ere put in the sale > ard», a lot of the others, not fen sale, Joined them Hil father had a great mam rattle abroad lu the district Ills father authomed the sale of tin cattle four years ago andaathc) vrerc sold lie (witness) drafted thcin out lie could not say whether \ enus s heifer w as there 1 lie nu« oneers lind a book in their liaudi but he could notsjv what they wrote In It- \Mlllain James, nianafclug clerk in Mr Minter s office, had »een the defendant set kin», advice Hu said Hint some parlies had a con belonging to liiui, aud he waiitnllo know bon to recover po«Kiiura ol her bhe lind his brand«, had been in his potseidon for some tune He lind bred her, and ncv cr sold lier and he could bring several perton« to auiirthat she wa» lils He (witness) adt lied liiui to appl) to the bench for a vimnioiii, anti If he found the cow al bergo to lake her. If he could swear to her Thctow was not described -Hill closed the evidence, and Mr Chun bel-« contended that there waa no proof of wilful and corrupt perjur) Mr Minter re] lied maintaining mst there was suffi- cient cvielcncotojiistlf) the bench ii, sen ling the case belpres hlfclur court - M llllatii Harris, called b) the bindi staled Hut aweekor sóndela bave elapsed before he lookout theium mons because he could not find the man of vvhoul lie bought the cow M'Cuc diel not tell him before he come to the court that if he found the man lie would give np tia cow The bench deciding that theca e mint be tried b) n higher tribunal com initted the defendant tolako hld trial ut Hu next criminal court to be held on the lath September Bail was allow ed in ibO, and two sureties ol £40 each ... . ., bTi-viiMi Momv -On rhursdn) .lohn Wright waa brought before Hu bun h miller lho ehnrge of »tenllng money lrom the Denian Motel, Wist Maitland t onstable Kedaell Mated, that on AWdniMlav nl"htthi prison« was given Into his ctulod) by Air Arkins for robbing him of £-.» Mr Arklussaid hehad lwt notes but could not eliseribe them moro full) Hcicarchcd the prisoner lu Mr Arkins spit euee, and found on h ¡n nine sovereigns 11« rd In silver, and some copper On tilling«W prisoner the charge lie denied It, and mid Mr Arkins did vv rong 1 lit n be said that If he w as let go vi Ith two other ne», Iii would get the mono) and there would be no more about It When the serge mt cann, the prisoner refused WR»^0"1! \rkln* stated that on Wcdnc-du) evening between eight and nine n clock, he lound that Ids drawer bad been robhill li« elraw e r hnel contained n cheepie tor -1 Is, a cheque for « 1J* .'el or thercabouts-the first on the Hank ofAç» South «ales, the second on the Joint Stock Bank Oil ils I»««»"»;« snenr positively He then sent for a constable The priioner cune lu by the »Ile door mid pretendingdrunsenncií,aí}.e<i for a nobbler ol brandv He suspected him and mwnelisa sent for the constable, went Into the front parlour «if}¿"J" mid told him ii he would give up the money there »Mid«et» more aboutit 11,e pri»oucr said he had not W«ro°MM»J lie knew vv ho had 1 lie constable thon c ime and the prisoncr »aid, II ho nuuldallon lill» togo with twoothirinen.lovvouM Sel Hu monev lim prisoner was asked what he IIJK» olng In Ids (Mr Arkins s) bedroom mid lie auld lie »sated to mu the servant girl On hls(wltiu*ss) 1«i«^hll*1«h*d?",eg. he fonnil ill «eel in a handkereliltl He thought «t tot M had liein robbe d of LI«, but he found that the amount wn omy £10 or ill Hehad teen the prUoncr lu lill house st about»« «clock, and also sa» bim on tho rececourbe '«,'oU'f?j; fresh chip off the cedar of tho drawer, over the »W««f Ill/abcth Iviiee, sirvimt at Mr ,Arklu»i,»awlhe leltndani there at about dinner lime lu the bar lu the «yinIng. abo« hair an hour aller Hu, candles bael been to ed.rtij ».» uT defeiidunt lu Mr Arklnsa bedroom, with lil* back to tn« drawers This mu iiuotit a quarter pf an hour before«r Arkins said ho had hen, robbeil ¡she hail gone IntoXlui wa roon, win ii the child was tokeii 111 Miosald 1 our. cJ in) I and the defendant tald * Ile 11 soon get belter M'iwflniJ nientlon the defindaut s pre-snica In the 'í<>n>1llí,Äf,1",frí, was lu u huirv to get tin child some hot vvntir. but whin Jin Arkins askid lier li she had nee n an) one In the MrMin. n« told her Hie defenduul. when spoken .«»..»«"Ä'1^ tnldthl? nckhovvlulgcd that he liuelbecn li, me ladroom Catherine Arkins lim san the defendant on Monela) She I sa noticed him frequently uulklugup and donn li "«»»','S Denison Hold on luesdnv and Widncsels) OnwTn,Ä aftenioon, nt about tn o o clock, elm was nt her dravv^rsin ucr bcdioum, und saw that the muui) waii all righi. Tc' nnc them, and put the key lu her pocket At about eight or u ac 0 clock rim »ii« «Kalli, lo git chango for a cheque, ami^te money was then gone fin kev lind no1 beca o ut of_herpoi «e »slop during the Inlirvul Mu bellend that there * as» ihi.pioforilli.Midilcht oi nine i»l«l'>«^,d?"V",m*ls that about £U or £10 bnilbcen Hohn The ni in e artt^?m » Ing lho mone). Pim saw lim defendant In the hall I»' T»(n| sçenhlmBofrequentl) passing the \>«>Win dcof, sninc«ea lifiii The draw or u as lex keel n hen she went to it tho stcona 1 lino T ho di lendnnt said lie could prove w here ho y M Iron fiv o o clock Uli eight Ho w ns comiultted to take his trW« lho ensuing Qnnrlci Sisslons, to bo held on tlioMuAuguii "eiV.vor.9-On Thursiln). Adam Mxon npppared beroro the bench at M est Mnlllsnd lo answer the çlmrgo of rem» »g I») nientol wnecMilneto lohnsnn Hop])er he coin lll«l'"S,*i*|i" Hint the defe iidnnt had hired bim boiuc timo agolo work o« ii» road, near the Hnrend 1 itfcle nt the into ol is loASl«!tivSi be paid loilnlgbtly Ho worked lor some Hine,m;««",',1tn put to plecc-nork, ftom whld, ho w ns tjken to time work^ai^ making di nins and dllliig In certain holes At this he^worke« two do) s anil a hair, »hen NKon refused to py liliu »'»'"."S got a ucw shov c1 Hie Iliads of the i Iv cts ot lho shovelio mu been using wcro worked off, mid hu lind them rfP'»0T' ",'¡i tbon rctuined the shovel t but Nixon refused to ¡ike it "< lind been paid up foi all but tho tn o dn) s and a half mr «nu.« he claimed li* ¿el Ho lind been ann) from »oik on I no'« dii)s for nbout twenty minute* M\on said hat «WA bein dlsohnrgid for not doing work enough i thal: no ''»JS awn) from work Tor half a day, that ho «»* «»rokoii a sou vvorili i s , and Hint there was a deduction of 3s to bo mi««» account of some ol tho piece work not being execute U -ko»-n Smjlli sold tluet Hopper nusawn) on tho two di»)» »r »nouig; hour He vv ns «t w ork w Ith Hopper, and wns ann \ I h w?» also, mid a hall day s wilges wera deiluotod 1 ho JÇ"C» B»fti, an aw ard of 11» 8d iii fliv our or the oouiplalniuit, deducting " tho half-da)'« absence, and ordering tho shovel to bo returnm to tho dolenelnut " _ , *,.j-mVcn Ullu>ia>Nl SS-On Wtdnesdn) .Thoms« Boiirk, fordriinkT ness, was sentenced by tho bench to Ç» »fl,,,c?Mtrhic nrnl Imprisoned for tnont) four hours «l«»»^.?»'''^«"» 1 rands Karquowon nlendedgulltv totho same cinigOj.andivnj admonished and discharged -On r hursdtiy, Jury Uit^kca mi Bridget Rvnn were sente need each top») ulhtoot 4U*,or v Imprisoned foi fort) -elgla hours _ , . ",,","«,1 by Öteam «-On'luesdii). Lllen Tpoliy was rf'»Wa.0,a remand before lho lench lit West Mnltlaud, «'J', ", '¿'¿"gho atablo doth, the propel tv of Maik himor, at I joil nv5 .. ,ll0 bud been nôtlccei auvciiû times at Mr 1»",Sr,?iÄ?,irrii sume day, and the lnst tltno site had a bundo under Wff? 1 his wasovutnlued In tho presence ol a «i*b¥,f"f 5¡«i bo Mr Turon s property U «as valued at Um WM.«L ¿J4 priionoi was ocuUocd lo six weeks impriiouincnt (n Maman» 8<Tho Fltrjamo., w Ith immigrants ft?,T"ffl7¡SAA ' twdoy, nflïr a passage of 04 days " Thorp had bw"^T2eS, diiriiig tho voyage t some casca of measles hsd.also occurrcui put the passenger» «re aow ia good hcwtli -Jwy *»> 