THE MONETARY CUISIS IN EUROPE AND AMERICA. The following communication came to hand by the Victoria. From its great length we have hitherto been unable to find room for it ; bat the subject to which it refers has not lost ita interest, and it presents a more (tystematic and detailed -view of the canses and progress of the great monetary crisis than has yet appeared : (PEOM ona OWN OORUKSPOHDBHT.) London, 11th December, 1857. It was matter of great satisfaction to me that, together with the alarming commercial intelligence transmitted by the last mall, I was able to announce the interposition of Gro rernment in the suspension of tho Bank Char- ter Act-a mensuro which at once produced a soothing and tramiuillising effect. Since the despatch of my November letter I haye learnt, to my annoyance, that the previous month'8 communication was detained in Egypt, ow,(ûg to the misadventure of the Emeu, so thr^ y^Q would be startled by receiving ßimultr^^oußly an accountof the^rigln.thegrowth.i'^rjnliriin ation, and the decline of the r xnin Ti-, io earnestly to be hoped that th_0 Australians have escaped the dangerous a__ paralysing infliction which has been laying waste BO many countries of the wertem world. The convulbion haB been al*,o_eth.er without pa- rallel for intensity and 'jfeadth of sweep. The impending perils for'¿shadowed in my last letter were by no me .MIS exaggerated. There were feaiful whisperings in commercial cir- cles, previous to t'_« relaxing measure of Lord Palmerston, so pregnant with disaster and tremendous calamity, that hope, with its convenient habit of telling a "flat- tering tale," put theTji«_owa to the credit of idle and re /¡"leas ra mor. When the parox- ysm, howe'/vjr, was pant-when the tight neck tye, which was strangling the sufforlng na- tion , waa cut away-facta of tho most sinister omen r/amc out, which filled many a heart ?with g/ntitude lor the 'terrible dangers which had '.aeen so narrow'ty escaped. The Times had teen laboring írom doy to day, amid the crash of fulling firms of world-wide repute, and tho unuxampled riso of discount, to persuado tho in srcantilo world that there .were no actual grounds for alarm. Most persons, however, felt that the leading jour- nal was overdo! og its part, in Ita determina- tion to uphold the Act of 1844, at whatever cost to the sr/oculative «classes, which wero charged with the responsibility of tho criais. Bui, uHforti liMatoly, the unscrupulous and culpable coi ild not suffer alone ; in their fall they would iaevitttbly involve thousands-of innocent f< itnilies in ruin. Heneo a clamor for the si'ibriension «of the charter which "re- stricts tl'iu issues of tho. Bank of England, became o Jl 'but universal. Otherwise a gene- ral «rash was anticipate*!. Large amounts of .gold hari been carried off to meet tho run in _cotlor,d, whore Bank, of England notes are not legal tender. AU ovor the country banks and commercial houses were providing money largely, merely to make themselves secure. Pauic had really set in; and hoard- ing for business purposes was very goneral. The Bank of England had for some days been refusing to discount enormous quantities of what waRUsually accounted good paper, and at length reports bogan to be rifethat neither that institution nor the private banks would discount any moro bills on any terms. On ?Wednesday, the 11th Ñoventher, the monsy lorda of Lombard Btreet met, it is said, to concert some deciflvo course of action; and a deputation, it is believed, waited on Minister« and intimated that a snspension of all the banks must take pi ace umloss some kind'of re- lief was immediately afforded. On the follow- ing day the Treasury lettenwns penned. Ths stoppage of the houses of Baring, Ovoruud and Gurney, and other «opulent establish- ments, was nntioii jateet. The latter, it Is said, having been refused gold by the Bank threatened to «en i In the next day £2,000,GGC of notes, and den nartd bullion in exchange foi them. (There wa s a feeling of determination that nil should g ,ii down together. With affairs in this-critical state, it is evi< dent that the p ravalent alarm was not desti- tute of juotifii jation. The returns up te Wednesday ni; ¿ht, -as afterwards published in the Gazette, pr< jved «that the Bank of England was in a most gloomy position. Five millions probably, hail bean advanced to tho-public during the v «iefc. One firm alone had ob- tained disco lunts to the amount of £760,000 On Thursdf ly morning (the IZth) the -Bank commenced bnsineBs with a reserve of only £057,710 of notes, and £504,-143 e>f coin, Tht ¡Economtct conjectures that this amount was reduced on e half during the day. Altogethei the Bank was responsible for eis or seven millions more than,ia 1817; while its entire reserve of .notes find'bullion was less byimorc than half a million. Discount, too, was 3 pel cent, higl 1er at the latter date than at the former. ' (Vhatevcr reasons there were, thoro' fore, to i nduco Loid John Hassell and Sii ?Châties V food to authorise the Bank to vio- late its ciharter in «11347, existed in stronger force last month. Lord Palmerston and Sii 43\. E.iLew is, accordingly, no longer hesitated to grant the authorisation, and Parliament was &t; on ce summoned to assemble on «the 3rd of Dt icember to,_rant the requisite iin demnity. . Thie fr< eh suspension of the Bank Charter Act has na turally givuu rise to a very warm dis- cussion respecting tho'merlts ofthat act. Its oppouents, of course, point to its Bignnl failure in tho'hour of difficultycs an irrefragable proof of itsiutter uscIeBeneBS; while oven its advo- cates aro oliliged to admit that a law which is eyetomntl colly set aside, just as its protec- tion is «morei especially needed, bad better be at once abro gated. After all faith in its in violability and sanctity- ima been so rudely destroyed, it was thought, but erroneously as it appoare, th at the Legislature would refuse toreennot it without introducing eonio es- sential modifications. As it stands at pre- sent, ii is regarded, and with justice, as afford- ing encouragement to speculative traders and unscrupulous bill discounters to engage in 'uncound transactions, relying on tho know- ledge that .when some commercial emergoncy arises, Government can always be appealed to with success ito .bear them with comparative safety through the ordeal. Hiriliobert Feel's Act, as most of your readers are probably aware, is an attempt, by artificial regulations, to maintain a harmony between ability and promise; in other words, be- tween cash and credit. Gold is by, it recog- nised as the .basis of our currency, and all paper is convertible into gold. Whenever, by the urgent requirements of other countries, bullion is drained from our own land, so as to Umvo us with an insufficient supply ; and whenovar, moreover, a panic seizes tho pub- lic mind, and every one rushes to tho banks to exchange his billB or notes for gold, a suspen- sion of specie payments becomes almost in- evitable To guard against this unavoidable tendency of tilings wo£ ono of tho main ob jects of the Bank Charter Act, which, in the view of such au emorgency, comnols the Bank of England to koep in its coffers a re- serve of bullion, which was supposed to bo adequate to meet every probable demand, trhe device, however, has signally foiled to realise the expectation and purpose of its authors. It has been tested and fouud wanting. In the following passages from a recent number of The Times, the principle of the British currency is very clearly elucidated . " The circulation of this kingdom, whatever form it may assume, is based upon a gold standard. Bank-notes are assumed to be con- vertible into gold at the will of the holders. and consequently to represent gold, not by mere assumptions to that effect, but in actual reality. The notes of a particular bank— the Bank of England—are made a legal tender, and therefore gold or Bank of England notes constitute the medium of satisfaction between debtors and creditors. It is obvious that the amount of gold in a country cannot be increased by any edict or created by any legislation ; but it is also plain that no such limit is put to the creation of Bank of Eng land notes which, as things now stand, are equally valuable. When the creditors of a commercial establishment are expected to a run upon it, the establishment must provide itself with notes of the Bank of Eng land or with gold in order to meet tho de mand, and if it cannot do this to a sufficient extent it must stop payment. In Scotland Bank of England notes do not constitute a legal tender, and gold alone will answer the requisitions of a crisis Now the great question involved in the present controversy is this :-What limits should be put to the issue of notes by the Bank of England? As long as these notes constitute a legal tender it is clear that we possess the power of manufacturing money or at least of increasing the currency of the country, to any extent; and under what re strictions, then, if any, ought this power to be exercised? In so far as the notes repre sent gold actually held by tho issuers the question of limitation does not enter into the inquiry, for the increase of circulation thus effected is evidently only tantamount to the increase producible by an influx of gold itself A million of sovereigns makes simply an addition of so many to the existing stock, and if these, instead of being put into circulation, are locked up in the Bank cellars, and notes issued to the value thereof, it is clear that the expansion is just as much the result of gold as if the gold itself had been made current. Rigorously speak ing the theory of a gold currency would require that every note should be a representative of its value in gold actually possessed by tho issuer, but as the practical point, after all, is simply that of its converti bility, a certain latitude of action becomes ad misslble. So long as it is morally certain that any man holding a Bank of England note can obtain its full value in gold for it upon de- mand, the principle of convertibility is main- tained, and the transactions of the country are, in reality, regulated and protected by a gold standard, whatever may be the amount of paper currenoy introduced for the sake of convenience. " What, then, is the amount of notes which the Bank of England should be permitted to issue over and above tire amount representing an equivalent in bullion actually possessed ? This amount has been fixed, and now stands, at £14,000,000. It 'has been considered that the Bank might safely issue its notes to this amount without any danger to their convertibility or value. Its credit would never be likely "to be so far im- paired, or its stock of gold so far diminished, that it could not, within these limits, find cash for its notes when presented. This point of the case,'indeed, suggests no argument. It is not affirmed that' tho limit is too liberal, or that the excess of notes thus permitted over gold is too great. The cry against the Bank Charter Act (or the Act embodying these provisions) has always assumed an opposite character, and has been levelled, not at the magnitude of ' the paper issues, but at their alleged insufficiency. It is tho restriction to £l«l,O00,OO0 which is complained of, and which Is said to keep the country so short, and to make money, from the scarcity thus prevailing, so dear, that at the first moment of pressure the system breaks down. the Bank Charter Act "has to be suspended, and tho artificial limit imposed upon its paper issues has to be removed.. Such, indeed, was the result in 1847, and tho same event occurred last week." Tho Saturday Review, in one of its mastorly ar- ticles on the crisis, has some excellent remarks on the impossibility of providing, by any kind of legislative enactments, against the effects of a panic, when men's demands are regulated, not by their wants, but by their fears : ''In ordinary times, a few millions of gold and notes, aided by tho general system of credit, will serve to transact all the business of the markets. But let a panic come, and tho supplementary forms of credit lose nearly nil their efficiency, nnd straightway it re- quires a circulation of perhaps two or three times the ordinary value to satisfy the de- mands of trade. If the change wore gradual tho compensation would be afforded, without a shock, by the increase in the exchangeable "value of money, through a fall of prices This would require no addition to the nomi nal amount of gold or notes. But the pro' gress of alarm is as rapid as the electric tele- graph. The change of feeling in a single day may paralyse the regular action of credit to such an extent as to require many millions of money to carry on the bnsiness for which a fraction of that amount would before have sufficed. Then tho-dread of matters getting worse brings thousands ot applicants for dis- counts, not because they want them at the time, but beoanse they may want them here- after, and are afraid lest the sources of supply should be dried up. Then come runs upon banks, which are compelled to keep a reserve in their tills far beyond what the ordinary necessities of business require. Thus one man's need reacts upon another's fears, until the demand for money grows to dimensions out of all proportion to the permanent re- quirements of trade. '' Now, what is tho cure for these things ? Not legislation of any kind. So long as the appetite for money Is liable to violent and sudden fluctuations of this magnitude, no machinery will keep it supplied. It is no more possible to legislate beforehand for a panic than for a revolution. The Bank Act does secure us a supply of circulation which will never oscillate far on either side of our actual wants; but no legislation can furnish an adequate supply of any commodity, the demand for which is every now and then magnified by fear to double or treble its natural proportions. If a sudden dread of famine were to come over us whenever corn was dear, and induce every one who had a shilling to spare to rush to the market and lay in a years stock of flour, we should have half the population starved in earnest. We don't do this, beoauso wo trust free-trade in corn to eet us right. We do rush for accommodation whenever gold is scarce, because we have not learned to trust to the working of a system which is, in fact, free-trade in gold. Until this truth is brought home to us wo shall never be able to get through a season of pressure without in- creasing its evils by exaggerated fears, and every attempt to throw upon Acts of Parlia- ment the blame which ds due to our own sel- fish folly will only postpone tho time when a more whole-some feeling shall render a run for gold as obsolete as a rush for corn has now become." It was but natural -that the convulsion which has just shaken the nation from its centre to its extremities should prompt the press and the public to an anxious investiga- tion into its causes. The occasion of the earlier difficulties experienced was, undoubtedly, the American panic; but many of the subsequent financial phenomena which have been dis- closed are not to be accounted for except on the supposition of the existence of an im- mense amount of reckless trading and inflated credit. Had the crisis in the States not hap- pened, we might have gone on in seeming security and in imagined high prosperity foi a Btiasou, but the hour of reckoning and rétri- bution-the rebound-was sure to come at no distant day. Tho Saturday Review, in the following extract, speaks the feeling of the sound portion of the-trading community or this point. To the "kite-flying" adventurers its scathing statements will of course be un palatable:— I " Tho morbid anatomy of trade, as exhi- bited in the failures that.have occurred, may be a serviceable, though not a pleasing study. I It is very material to ascertain whether the troubles we have been passing through ace to be atrributed to unavoidable accident, or.to the wilful errors,of speculative houses, acting in full knowledge of the mischief thoy might do, and in the confidence that if mat tors came to tho worst, Providence, in the shape of Lord Palmerston, would step in and save them from ruin. If the latter is (lie real stato of the case, there is an end of the argument that commercial crises are to be re- garded as the work of destiny, to be met by exceptional relief, instead of being averted beforehand by the warnings of an inflexible law. The apologists of Lord Palmerston ol course attribute all that has occurred to the mischance of the American panic ; but it if daily becoming more evident that the direct influence of this disturbance, serious as II must needs have been, would not of itself have prostrated our commerce, or led to any interference with our monetary laws. The principal houses which have really a right to attribute their suspension to the failure of American debtors, are already re- establishing themselves on a creditable footing. All the] required was time, and they have been able ti offer an early payment of all their liabilities with interest in the meantime. Failures stiel as these would never have produced the panic which has lately prevailed in this country. But there is another and very different type of commercial disaster to be found in the majority of the suspensions which have been reported. We have more narratives of the manufacture of fictitious bills, and we have accumulating evidence of the extent to which the system has been fostered by the specula- tive policy of banks and money-dealers, It is not to ignorant or unlucky traders that tho panic is to be attributed, but to those whose special business it is to understand and to act upon the principles by which the money mar- ket is governed. They did understand them, and one of the principles on which they re lied was, that they might be careless of risk, because Government would step in to save them from its ultimate consequences." . The Times, too, with its usual unflinching 'courage in fastening wrong-doing upon its real authors, has singled out the joint-stock banks and the gigantic bill discounters of the metropolis as the chief delinquents. By their co-operation and connivance the money mar- ket has long been deluged with fictitious and worthless paper. The Liverpool Borough Bank was especially culpable in this respect. Enor- mous quantities of accommodation bills were constantly sent by its directors to London for rediscounting. the endorsement of the bank being the only guarantee afforded to the holders of the legitimacy of the paper. When in such a case a bank falls into difficulties, and payment is demanded, the drawers and acceptors are found to be men ot straw, or reckless adventure« with no capital whatever. Such a discovery at once destroys confidence, and, if such a state of things is suspected to be general, induces a panic, in which all persons indiscriminately suffer. The Times., indeed, ventures so far as to charge the great discount houses with deliberate attempts to get up and aggravate the panic for their own selfish pur poses : " Every one conversant with the city knows that for weeks before the final distrust was got up the leading London discounters, in- stead oi encouraging the mercantile public in their calm reliance upon the salutary working of the existing currency system, were busily I engaged on all sides ln denouncing it, and declaring that unless the hankers and traders I would help to break it down they (the dis- counters) would inevitably be driven to cut off all accommodation from the parties they had hitherto 'induced to rely upon them, many of whom they had helped to speculate in all kinds of produce, and that a general convulsion "would ensue. It is also known that, failing in their endeavors to frighten the more respectable portions of the public, they seized the opportunity of the alarm caused by the collapse of the Western Bank of Scotland and the exposure of its iniquities to press upon the Bank preposterous demands on an augmenting scale in proportion as they found them acceded to, and that finally, when their ends had been accomplished, they boasted of the feat they had performed. Shall such a triumph ever be allowed again"? Shall those who realise enormous fortunes by supplying ' facilities ' to concerns like tho Liverpool Borough Bank, the Western «of Scotland, and the Northumberland and «Durham, seoure in that they can ultimately fall upon the unhappy shareholders, and'who notoriously by similar conduct precipitated similar convulsions in 1837 and 1847, 'be allowed to proclaim that they can dictate their own plans to the country, and render the inflexible mainte- nance of a metallic standard, upon which every contract in the kingdom ia based, impossible? Their feeling is, ' The law must be broken down, or we must' be broken down, If we were small people, of course there would be no question which should go. We should be told, If you have taken money at call, and have so employed it that you cannot get it in when it is wanted, you must make the best arrange- ment in your power with the persons you have misled. But, happily, so gigantic have been our operations that if we are allowed to be inconvenienced widespread confusion will ensue, and we can throw upon the Minister the responsibility of such a contingency.' Is not this reliance upon their ability to bring about universal ruin solely dependent, howover, upon the knowledge that the relaxing power can and will be exercised ? If these houses had been taught that the currency law, like all tho other laws of the country, was made to be re- spected, and not to be contemned at the very moment when it falls in wholesome severity upon those who have disregarded it, would they have waited without taking a single pre caution until they could go to the Minister and say, ' Our destruction is at hand unless you help us ;' or would 'they not rather at all costs-have gathered up every available re source to provide against the coming peril ' Instead of concocting the cry of ' panic, would they not have assisted the press of the country In allaying all thought of so degrading a consummation ? ' The trading iniquities thus perpetrated ant fostered by the magnates of the money world necessarily extend and descend to all other classes and ranks where there is found a dis position to " operate " with becoming enter prise. Hence, the currents of commerce bo come everywhere unhealthy and corrupt Every day is disdlosing so much that is dis 'reputable in connoxion with the mercantil world, that tJhe leading' journal the other da; opened a trenchant leader with the startling interrogation, " Are the trading classes of England unsound to tho core?"-an inquiry which was followed by such a gloomy array of damnatory facts, as went fur to prove the af rfirmative. "No sign of healthy and inde pendent feeling,' it exclaims, "comes from any quarter." _ But waiving.for the present any further con sideratlon of the-cause« of ihe present finan cial crisis, I shoulei now proceed to chronicle some of its moroobvious effects. These, sofa as the subject admits of it, I shall endeavor te «classify with some regard to order-commen .cing with THE SUSPENDED BANKS. The first of these institutions to fall.bafore the storm, it will bo remembered, was the Liverpool Borough Bank. For a week or two a great deal was heard about efforts being made to resuscitate this concern, and the most confident hopes were expressed by its.eup porters that it would speedily «be in a pos'tion to resume business ; but on investigating,!!» past operations, so much of a discreditable character transpired, that the requisite assist- ance could not be,procured. It has siaco been determined to wind-up the bank in Chancery. Next in order follow the Western Bank of Scotland and the City of Glasgow Bank. The suspension of both of these establishments-! announced last month. Nowhere, perhaps, has the panic raged so violently as in the north, and nowhere else have the -evils result- ing from the vicious principles on which joint-stock banks .appear to be conducted been more distressingly felt. The first of the Glasgow banks to succumb to the pressure was the Western, having im- mense ramifications throughout Scotland. As might be predicated, the most energetio efforts have been put forth to re commence business, the sudden deprivation of the facilities it afforded to the trading community having threatened to entail tho most disastrous con- sequences on all classes. Large demouotra tive meetings have been held during .the month, both by the. shareholders and the depositors, in which they have enlisted «the influence and co-operation of membeis -of Parliament, as well as of the nobility and landed proprietors of the neighboring counties. Ata privato meeting of shareholders there was a unanimous expression of feeling in favor of upholding the bank,! and for this purpose upwards of £000,000 were subscribed by the more wealthy shareholders, for which tliey were to receive 7 per cent, the first year, and 5 per cent, aftorwatdg. At a subsequent gathering of depositors in the Trades HalL which was crowded to suffocation, it was stated by Mr. Fleming, tho interim manager, that from a rough calculation the entire liabilities of the bank amounted to £7,671,041, and the assets to £9,398A&1, It was resolved that the bank should be em- powered to resume business, and it was agreed that the transfer of shares should be closed till the annual meeting in June, I860 ; that as soon as business was resumed the directors should be authorised to nay £10 to account on all deposits not .exceeding £60, and to pay t-.hn whnlfi ni mirth anmn an nnnn nu nnunihln after Januaty (these small deposits amount to half a million) ; that the interest on all de- posits should be paid up to the Oth of No- vember current; that the directors should have a disoretionary power of allowing opera- tions on current deposit accounts with parties engaged in business; that, subject to these restrictions, all deposits abovo £50 should re- main in the bank for two years at an interest of 6 por cent.; and that moans should be taken to render these deposits available as a fund of credit to depositors-At a supple- mentary meeting of the depositors, resolu- tions were passed expressing satisfaction with the resources of the bank, and urging the directors so resume business as speedily as possible. A deputation, consisting of noblemen and gentlemen, and accompanied by Mr. Dal- gleish, member for Glasgow, subsequently pro ceedod to Edinburgh on the affairs of the Western. The conversation that took place with the Edinburgh Bank directors was con- fidential, bnt the general result waa under- stood to be to tho effect that the banks'of the BÍ9tor city were prepared to enter into liberal and accommodating terms for tho liquidation of the Western. It bos since, however, been finally resolved to abandon all idea of. resuming the business of this establishment. The efforts foi resuscitation to which I have referred seemed to owe their chance of success to the great number of persons who are directly or indirectly involved in the ca- tastrophe. The culprits, as the directora are by many persons regarded, depended on the hope or Bhowing that their victima had a common interest with themselves,while many who have no immediate connection with the delinquent establishment had nevertheless strong personal motives in averting its fall. The worst Blgn, remarks a writer for one of our public journals, in connection with these Scotoh suspensions, has been the uniform absence of the slightest indications of remorse or Belt-reproach on the part of those by whom all the misery has been occasioned. In the caBe of the Western Bank the experience in this respect has been astounding. If the di reotorB had Immediately acknowledged their unworthiness, and had resigned their seats to better men, still offering to devote their time and fortuna as far as possible to repair their offences, the appeal for the sake of the share- holders that the establishment should be pre- served might havo met with sympathy from all quarters. But they have adopted a to- tally diverse course, and it is much feared that they are mainly anxious to prevent a public exposé. That the Glasgow mercantile community generally do not contemplate or desire any radical change in the principle and practice of banking management, is toler- ably evident from the tone of a great meeting lately held by the Chamber of Commerce. The complaint of most of the speakers was, that adequate banking facilities were not afforded under the restrictions of the Bank Charter ; and one of the members, who had been allowed to -overdraw his account to the trifling extent of £60,000 ! was especially indignant at tue niggardly banking accom- modation of'ÖInsgow. What hope of amend- ment can be entertained while saoh a state of sentiment prevails? It is due to tho credit of the citizens to state that some of the mem- bers of the Chamber, as a mark of disappro- bation rose and walked out of the room; but still the balance of sympathy was evi- dently with the ill-used complainant. The City of Glasgow Bank, which was stopped by a run consequent upon tho fall of the Western, is not so seriously impeached as its fellow-Bufferer, and therefore stands a better chance of resuming business. At a meeting of shareholders held on the 1st of December, it was agreed to register the bank in terms-of the Joint Stock Bank Companies Act of / 1867- it being expluined that the object -was, not to wind-up, but to secure the name 'vantage-ground as the chartered banks. A guarantee fund of half a million sterling was to be raised. The result of the Investi- gation into the affairs of the City of*Glasgow Bank by the independent committee ap- pointed by the shareholders has been an- nounced. It appears that, after (¡¿ducting for bad and doubtful debts, and making suffi- cient allowance for depreciation in the secu- rities held, the capital is found'to be intact all but £75,000, and that the greater part of this deficiency may be made good by a Blight improvement in the value of the securities and the recoveries from doubtful debts. The bank may, accordingly, be expected to resume. With these my announcements, laut month, of bank suspensions closed. But on the day succeeding the departure of my supplementary letter another lorge banking establishment the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Bank -closed its doors. This event -carried the terrors and sufferings of the crisis into the very heart of the iron district. 'The conster- nation for some days-was excesrrlve; and the report of the failure of five la rge firms was received. Among them are îdeiisrs. Kiley, with liabilities amounting to £200,000, and Perry and Co., of the'Bough flay Furnaces, £100,000. The most energetic efforts were made by the Mayor'to allay public excite- ment, in which he was in IA gre&l.; measure successful. Three- fourths of the immense trade of Wolverhampton has been done through the bank,-while, wi th the whole iron district, its connections wei :e also on a very extensive scale. The natalities amount to about £1,000,000, of which sum £400,000 are due to depositors, «which it has been proposed to repay by three instalme nts, extending over l8 months. The Bhareho Iders, about 200 in number, are to subscribe new capital, towards which the directors offer £100,000. Tho reve- lations made at 'the m uetings which have been held show that the discount business of the establishment has be on very culpably con- ducted, and tbat/the system of accommoda- tion bills,-" the curse of the trade of South Staffordshire"-has beijn in full operation there as well as elsewhe re. It is of ovil augury, too, to find that'there ÎB a disposition to fol- low the Glasgow example of " saying nothing I of the past," and of ree ¡arding the misfortunes I of the bank, not as a penalty of misconduct, but as a great »ubl'ic calamity, calling for sympathy and-succour. Business, however, by the last accounts» is to bo resumed at once. Just as a feeling of confidence was returning to the agitated mind of the public, a fresh , shock waa given by tho suspension of the 1 Northumberland and Durham District Bank. i This event occurred on the 26th of No ! Tomber. Application to the Bank of Eng i land had previously been made, and re i fused. Tho reputation of this establishment I ita «the mercantile world was equivocal, owing to a ¡former stoppage in 1847, and it hud for-some time been embarrassed. The Tesuittfltoitho-VBEt colliery districts, however, ?will not 'bo the, less disastrous and deplorable. It te approhonded that difficulty may arise in cavryingo&someof; thecollieries. This bank wag istabtisbed on «the 1st of June, 18SS, and has about 406 partners. The paid-up capital is «£G52£91, and the amount paid up per share, .£10. The rcBorved fund was stated at ?¡£90,8Ta. The dividend last declared was at ihe rate of «oven per cent, per annum. The head .office -is at.Newcastle-upon-Tyue, and there Are eight 'branches, viz., at Alnwick, Berwk*k, Hexham, Morpeth, North -ShieldB, Sunderiand, Durham, and South Shields. The bank do not issue their own notes, their ?circulation consisting of those of the Bank of longland. The other joint-stock banks of newcastle having fallen into difficulty some .time ago. the Northumberland and Durham .District Bank IB the only joint Btock bank now left in that town, and this circumstance is, calculated to increase the local distreos. The average weekly amount paid for wage« ?¿lane through this bank is stated to have been about ¿15,000, and it is feared that by the catastrophe several «thousand persons will be thrown out of work. The Bank of Eng- land «have a branch at Newcastle, and every effort is being made by them, and also by other institutions, to mitigate the ovil in this respect AS far as possible. Tho Institution fell without a run being made upon its resources. The immediate cause of its stonnaao was the return of its dratts, dishonored, by its London agents on Ihe previous day, A call of £5 per «hare is to .ha made on the proprietary, whioh bids fair -to be responded to. The 15th of December -haa been appointed for a meeting of the shareholders, for the presentation of a state- ment of us affairs, and the adoption of such a course as, under the circumstances, may be deemed expedient. One of the Newcastle journals freely censures the management, and declares its opinion that "had an upright \ courseñeen pursued by the directors, and onlv lea timate business pursued, this mischievous collapse could not have happened. No one ?i\f°l a, momont, doubt that a very pro- fitable business of the right sort might have been obtained', and it may be remarked that an excellent opportunity is now offered for starting a new bank, or even two, which the increasing trade of the district urgently re \- Concurrently with_the prostration of these institutions there have been a Ion» and melancholy serieB of mercantile «asDensionH together with an unprecedented caSB0of bankruptcies. As the trading classed of Aus tralia will be naturally eager for information on this subject, I propose to givo a list of the principal cases of the tormer which have han. pened since my last despatch :- ' MERCANTILE SUSPENSIONS. Messrs. Bardgett and Picard, »n old house largely engaged in the corn trade : 1 abllltfT ! ÄÄ00' and PT?801«, of «Ätton unknown, heavy sums being due from Amo Messrs. Hoare, Buxton, and Co., in the Swedish trade: they believe their estate to bo solvent, and hone to be able to discharRe all claims in a short period. The Bank of Sweden has intimated an intention to protect the credit of this honorable firm. »I0Kct iSS§?,Sble Jï?1^ aho connected with the Swedish and Mediterranean trade, and whose »UBpenaloawiw »ttrttmtet} to ft. faUqr« of Broadwood and Barclay on the 9th inst. The liabilities are over £1,000,000. Mesara. Allen and Smith, engaged in the Denmark trade, were Involved by the above. Messrs« Svendsen and Johnson, merchants, Bhipbrokers, and coal exporters, with branch establishments at Newcastle and Hartlepool, stopped from the same cause, Messrs. Gorrissen, Hüffel, and Co., mer- chants, were brought down by the absence of remittances from America. I MeBBrs. Brocklesby and Wessels, a corn importing firm ; liabilities about £40,000, and 1 assets about £23,000. The estate is to be wound up under inspection, paying, by in- stalments, 11B. 3d. in the pound. Messrs. J. B. Thomson and Co., a firm largely engaged in the colonial trade, and especially with the Cape of Good Hope: liabilities from £200,000 to £300,000. There having been abundant evidence of the sound- ness and even opulence of the house, assis- tance was rendered by the Bank of England, by which it waa enabled to resume business. But for this aid the effects would have been very serious in mercantile circles. Messrs. Peabody and Co., one of the largest American houses, was saved from suspension only by the timely Interposition of the Bank. Messrs. Edwards and Mathie, a firm largely engaged in the produce markets, as East Indian and colonial brokers. Messrs. Herman, Sillem and Co., a respect- able house of more than 50 years' standing, Their transactions are in connexion with Germany, Holland, and all parts of the con- tinent, as well aa with North and South America, &c;, and the liabilities are there- fore heavy. Great confidence is felt that they will pay In full, and resume at an early period. Messrs. Carr, Josllng, and Co., an old firm, trading chiefly with the north of Europe. Thby hold a considerable amount of tho ac- ceptances of Messrs. Hoare, Svensden, and other Swedish houses, which was the immé- diate eau Be of their difficulties. Liabilities £380,000 ; the assets show a nominal surplus, but have lately been greatly depreciated. Messrs. A. Hintz and Co., merchants and dealers in colonial produce. Brought down by recent failures on the Continent. Lia- bilities large. Messrs, Godfrey, Pattison, and Co., of Glas- gow, is a highly discreditable failure, the charge at a former date having been indig- nantly repudiated by them. The liabilities consist of £203.235, which include bills to the extent of £97,000, to which the name of the. firm is attached, in conjunction with Dennis- toun and Co. and Babock and Go. Should these be met the estate will pay 6s. Gd. in the pound ; otherwise the assets will only yield about 4s. Gd. Messrs. Rehder and Boldemann, a young but respectable house in the German trade. Liabilities about £100,000. Messrs. Clayton and M'Kevorlngan, ship- builders, of Liverpool. Liabilities £22,000, and the firm will pay 7s. in the pound. Messrs. Henry Hoffman and Co., Conti- nental and Australian merchants. Liabilities about £100,000, and their embatrassments aro attributed to falls in the produce markets and other failures. Messrs. Hermann Cox and Co., of London and Liverpool, chiefly engaged in the cotton trade. Liabilities about £60,000. | Messrs. Bischoff, Beer, and Co., merchants -connected with the East India and Continon I tal trade, with liabilities for about £80,000. Messrs. Mondes, Da Costa, and Co., an old established firm in the West India trade. Liabilities estimated at £350,000, and pros- pects of liquidation contingent on realisations of produce. &c.; MessrB. KieBor and Co., a German mercan- tile house, with, liabilities for £50,000. Messrs. J. B. Hubbard and Sons, of Leeds, in the wool trade. Liabilities, £60,000. Messrs. Barber, Bosenauer, and Co,, Ger -man merchants. Messrs. HirBch, Strother, and Co., also a ?German firm. Mr. G. C. Pim, of Belfast, in the corn trade, Mr. P. Magee, of Liverpool, shipowner. Messrs. F. and A. Bovet, an old-established firm in the China trade, with moderate lia- bilities. Messrs, C. A. Jonas and Co., general mer- chants, who have been brought down by the recent failures in the North of Europe. Lia bilities about £100,000. Mpssrs. Albert Pelly and Co., a firm exten sively connected with the Norwegian trade Engagements £170,000. Messie. Kroll and Cohn, a German firm. Mr. W. B. Filler, merchant, bankrupt fo about £140.000. Messrs, Hadland and Co., a very old firm ii the Manchester trade, liabilities £40,000. Li quidation expected to yield I5s. in tho pound Messrs Lichtenstein and Co., a Germai .house. Messrs. Sewells and Neck, an old and respec table house in the Nor wa7 trade. Liabihtiei £500.000 : but their position is inherently sound. The aggregate of the failures which hav< -taken place in Great Britain is Bomethinf fabulous. Up to the suspension of the Banl Charter Act, there had been, according to i statement of Mr. Disraeli in the House o Commons, a total of 85 suspensions, to ai amount of not less than £42,000,000 aterling To these allthe foregoing have to be added. During tho month creditors' meetings havi 'boon held in connection with some of thi suspended firms previously announced. At a meeting of the creditors of Messrs Naylor, Vickers, and Co., of Sheffield, it wai asserted that their total assets were £5^9.000 against liabilities 'amounting to £370,000 Bhnwins; a supins in favor of the firm o £220|000. The acceptances of the firm are t( be given to the creditors. Messrs. Macdonalc .and Co. of Glasgow-one of tho earliest house «to suspend- are to bo wound up by means o «niuBtee ana committee. The case of John Monteith and Co. turns out a very scanda iäßnnnn9- i,«h n1ÍBbnitíeB aTe Befc down at £450,000,-.while the assets are valued by one Viar?Tty *,* £27'00P'. and by another at only ¿18,000. A searohing investigation -is de- manded. Messrs. Fitch and Skeet, who sus- pended in the provision trade, on the 11th with liabilities for £65,000, will liquidate in three months. Messrs. J. P. de S?i and Co. will pey lOs. in the pound. A composition -of Os. m tho pound is to be at once paid out of the estate of Bennock, Twentyman. and ?ig?' .?¿kx53CDt8' !eavinS tbe creditors to deal with the,remaining assets as they mav afterwards determine. A similar course is to be pursued with the houses of Reid and Co., of Derby and Taylor, of Coventry. Messrs. J S. d.a,Wo,I.fal«äPo.,of Liverpool, with £133,557 liabilities, will pay only 2a. in the pound I Messrs. Sanderson, Sandeman, and Co thá ¿great bill-brokers,,hsve presented a statement .of affaira which exhibit a surplus of £105 9ai -hut this is without makin, allowance' for Possible losses on acceptances, &c.; It ia stated that Messrs. Dutilh and Co, of Liverpool who suspended after the failure of Messrs Dennistoun and Co will be likely to pay in' full and have a good surplus, their New York , house havingstpod through the crisis. Mess« Broaawood and Barclay, merchants, who failed on the 9th of November, will pay about fc.ia the pound. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. J.H. Baird and Co., engaged in the Australian trade, has been held. The asset« are very nearly equal to the liabilities: sub- ject to the realisation of property in Austra-1 The foregoing dreary list of failures, which might bo considerably augmented by the ad- dition of smaller houses, look ominous enough; but in spite of these Symptoms of | something boing 'rotten in tho state of Den- mark," confidence is slowly and surely return- ing, although for some months to como ex- treme caution will be exorcised in all mercan- tile transactions. The banks, ¡tishoped, will be prudent in extonding their coveted " faci- lities" to the speculative class of operatives. Amid all these convulsions, the consols and stock markets have been remarkably sus- tained. Since my last letter Funds have steadily continued to advance, subject only to transient depressions arising from a variety rtf f>irptiTnßfciinrAH. In the Bank of England, from the 16th to the 20th of November, the demand for dis- counts was extraordinarily heavy, go much so that a farther rise in the rate was talked of. The necessity for this stop, however, was from that time gradually removed. Large quanti- ties of gold began to flow into tho well nigh exhausted coffers of the Bank, from Australia Bassin, France, and Scotland, which tended, greatly to reassure the public. On the 20th it was found that the Bank had infringed the Act by tho issue of supplementary notes to the extent of £2,000,000 ; but this proved to be the extreme limit to which it had occasion to avail itself of the perilous privilege conferred by the Government. On the 25th the Bank had roturned to its legitimate issues. So soon as the £2,000,000 of overissue ara returned to the iss -a department, a reduction in the rate of bank discount is expected to take place. In the discount market choice paper can be negotiated slightly below the bank minimum. The produce markets Bhow Blight symptoms of recovery after the collapse of the past few weeks. The depression in corn, sugar, cotton, silk, and other leading articles, has been very fireat, yet the operations have been very imited, owing to the universal indisposition to buy largely during the existing state of em- barrassment. Meat has been leBS affected in price, perhaps, than almost any other article of trade. At the public sales of tea no eager- ness h»B been evinced at the present low rates ; indeed, merchants are holding, appa- rently in prospect of an early embroilment with China. In the manufacturing districts btisinesB is. for the most nart, in a state of paralysis and prostration truly deplorable. Everywhere, in the north, mills are stopping . or working short time, thereby, as a conse-. quence, entailing piesaure, privation, ar J(J distress upon the families of the work-^ng classes, among whom the passing of the t Mm. mercial tempest will make its ravages more lastingly and bitterly felt. The prospr ^ts for the winter are very gloomy, but nith iert0 our working men have borne their trr ^tiiilea and sufferings with a fortitude whic> _,. jB highly creditable to them, and whi ¿^ contrasts favorably with what has happr jne(j in aimil&r; exigencies in former years. F .»ensible that the calamity which has swept ' ¿¿rough our own and other lands is not of ' A nature to be pre- vented by Government, o' ar artizans are bear- ing their share of it wi' ,a maniy resignation. The only exception to this attidude occurred three weeks ago at Nottingham, where some disgraceful riots t/0ok place; but it was proved that the Promoters of the disorderly and violent proceedings did not belong to the operative class. At Lurgan, in Ireland, too, a seriouB riot hap, occurred among the cambrio weavers, who attacked an obnoxious mill, the owner of wb _0h had recently effected a reduc- tion of war/es. The mob waa dispersed by an armed bo^fy of police, and the ringleaders secured. _ I just see with regret that owing to a reduction in wages, occasioned by the pre- vailing, dullness of trade, some thousands of the colliers of the district of Aberdare, in SoutJi Wales, have entered Hpon a strike. The,y have passed resolutions declaring that th _y will not accept the reduced wages; that t'aey will not allow the men employed to look 'After the pumping and ventilation under I ground to do their work ; and that they will not pay the shopkeepers the accounts they now owe them. Serious disturbances are ap- prehended. Beyond these cases, nothing has yet transpired to the discredit of the tena of thousands who have been suddenly brought face to face with poverty and want, cold and hunger ¡ they have availed them- selves in a most praiseworthy spirit of the provision to which they are legally entitled ; though I regret to see that the absurd and rigid adherence of tha Poor Lnw authorities to the strict letter of the statute has, in many coses, occasioned much unnecessary harass- ment to the guardians of parishes, and de- layed the granting_ of prompt and adequate relief to the necessitous. In reply to an ap- plication from Preston, for instance, for per- mission to extend outdoor relief under the proBent exceptional circumstances, Mr. Bou : verle, of the Poor Law Board, declined to I sanction the relaxation of a regulation which I required relief to be given to paupers inside | the doors of the workhouse. When it was intimated that the workhouse would not con- tain one fourth of the clamorous applicants, his reply was to the effect that a building, commensurate with the requirements of the case, should be erected-leaving the hungry thousands to perish of starvation in the mean- time. The burst of public indignation and withering ridicule with which this last speci- men of heartless red-tapism was received, speedily led to some more satisfactory arrange- ments. No class of operatives is suffering more severely than the silk weavers of Spitalfields and other districts. In the former locality alono more than 3,000 looms are standing idle, while the poor weavers, who, even in their palmiest times of prosperity live on the verge of want, are absolutely destitute of food, except such as is supplied by private charity and the scanty funds of the oppressed parish. A meeting has been held to make known the frightful misery of these opera- tives, and an appeal has been made to public liberality on their bebalf. In Derby the silk workers are also without employment, and public subscriptions to provide food have been opened under the auspices of the Mayor. In some of the largo towns many of the more vigorous of the men aro being put to public workB, which will prove ultimately remuner- ative to the ratepayers. I could fill columns of The Argus with these painful and harrow- ing details of silent suffering and wide-spread woe, but I refrain: it is only too likely that I may have occasion to advert to the molan I clioly subject again. IRELAND. The Bister island, as may be supposed, has not escaped the contatrion of the panic . but the developments of the malady have been far less fatal than in Scotland, which iti» thought, bespeak a healthier commercial atd banking Bystem there than at Glasgow LivePv pool, and elsewhere. For a week or two there were considerable runs on the banks but aided by the Bank of England in the crisis of their severest pressure, they were enabled to endure the ordeal. The prevalent excitement at Cork, Limerick, Belfast, and Dublin, has quite subsided. Several failures have oc- curred, in consequence of which, together with the cessation of any active demand for manufactured goods, many thouaands of persons are thrown out of employment THE CONTINENT OP EUROPE. In Prance the more alarming signs of monetary embarrassment are sfowly disan pearlng. Discount rates aro beginning to recede, the efflux of bullion hiving leen ÄUan5 decked by the high terms im posed. The present ratea are 6. 7, and 8 n«r cent, for bills having respectively nnt mST than 30, 60, and 90 days to run lettera from Parla report that trade and mannfeotÄ» not appear to be very ser ously affectpd hS the crisis which has produced such ruinous results elsewhere. Generally, warehoused had not been Previously overatoôked with eood« but where such was the case great Hnnrîiw,' have had to be submitted to After TepuT lication of the imperial decree, permlttimr nna vZ?0iïattla oícoin< Prioe« Budden^ went up, but they have sinco declined A K! and other manufacturing towns tb*S. t y ?J to be much distress amoSg"h? M«SS^LBai(1 Since I last wrote, Russia i^ w?^es- * 1 feel acutely the commercial W'8 Go fhas become extremely scarce. For notes of ion roubles the discount office gives onlv fiT roubles in specie and the rest in smaïlnnt« and yet it is beset every dav with "TSte8l persons who wish to get gol! SS! of The bankers are charging 15 n0rlrnPfap¿r discounts. There is a disnosirJnn i^t* foI gold, which the Government Bresniv.rf0^ check Poland also is being drawn into it maelstrom of ruin. urawn into the In PrusBia the Bank found it expedient Ä few weeks ago, in anticipation nt tui ' £ expected from the Bpread¡_gnpani^ VlTh «o' ce to all depositors of secfuritTe tololn« that had ran over a year tW I? °L . nf repayment of the said loans and edÄon of the said securities. A usury law b2n* in existence in Prussia, rendering t llB £ receive more than 6 per cent n fc"f u t0 found necessary to suspend its o^eracior^M& throe months. This mensurp im= liS foI the Bank of Prussia to augment its adTT on securities namely, on stockana shares at fi ' percent., and on goods at7ner rent . oi.J .« i have the happy effect of renderfniî'k^tl T," , a large quanta of priv^cajui^w^h^ hitherto been kept aloof from trade anrlp^ perce by the necessity of accenting*? T»om"r triumphantly pointed to w an «Tmi i ^Y-?8 successful working of a nÄryÄ°f tt very reverse of that adopted V&118 of affaira altogether changed. Several arge firmB carno craahl^ down Bprea¿r> ing consternation far and A ^e. Among thera were Messrs, TJUborg riffld Krener F.sBla8SK and «Sohomburgk. Thje former had liabilities amounting to nearly £1,000,000, ^but waa sub-» sequently Msfated Dy tne Government o£ Sweden. With a pIaiBeworthy determination to support, if pr ^bi^ the ancient reputatiou firmíS "ffi?.' Towns, an association was Í wm« If * J leadlnS men of Hamburg, under ?iT nfiRF ,he "GuManteeDiscount Assocla ïî,o T»1 J7> for the Purpose of guaranteeing, lhl\ï I Jent of loana made t0 parties to meet ineir e engagements, and for the navment at any ,8'¿les of goods that might bo necessary. fpr, che maintenance of public confidence. A iarge fund was at once subscribed. Any. lrysses which may occur are to be shared! ' among the firms which have taken part in thee arrangement. The immediate influence of this scheme of relief was excellent; all coon ten onces brightened up, and flagging confi- dence revived. Many suspensions were re- garded as inevitable, still it was hoped the crisis would be passed comparatively scathe- less. In addition to thisexpedient another ex- traordinary measure of relief was, on the 27th. nlt., proposed to the burgesses of the city hy- the Senate, which was to the effect that a sum. of 15,000,000 of marks banco should be granted to the Government, in the shape of Exchequer, notes or in ready money, for the purpose of making advances upon goods not of a perish-, able description, or upon State securities, to be repaid at the latest by the end of July" 1868, Buch advances to be from 50 to 66$ per cent, of the respective values of such goods and State securities. The burgesses, after hearing the proposal, retired to their re- - spective parishec to vote, and by S o'clock they unanimously decided in favor of tho | Senatorial proposal. Many, however, were for an amendment to the effect that the sum. be altered to 20,000,000, consideung that th- iess amount would scarcely suffice to meei the emergency, but refrained from proposing it, fearful of causing any nnnecessary delay in the efforts to restore confidence to the public mind. The above amount was speedily - absorbed, and another £15,000,000 have since been issued. These measures, however, would seem to have disappointed the expectations which were so sanguin ely entertained, for, after the lapse of a few days, affairs were gloomier tha» ever. The exoitement on the Exchange waa such as has not been known since the great fire in 1842, and failures were constantly on the increase, A telegram, dated the 1st of December, announced 20 suspensions in one day at Hamburgh and Altona ; the Bourse in dismay, a general panic, merohandiso and BCtip without fixed quotations, and no dis- counting of bills. The warehouses were choked with unsaleable goods, to an cnor mouB valuo ; and whenever they aro parted with great sacrifices must be made. " Only imagine," says The Times correspondent, " the amount of close upon 600 millions' worth of all kinds being at this moment warehoused and in port on account of the merchants, and such a general want of confidence) existing! There is said also to be about 60 millions of silver in the bank ; but, on the other hand, up to only a few days ago local bills» « amounting to the sum of 310 millions of marks, were passed through the Stamp office, preparatory to being accepted, long and short and, besides these, there is a mass of returned and protested bills from all quarters, the reaî | amount of which is not known." On the 3rd a large meeting of merchants was held at the Exchange, when it was re- solved to accept a fresh proposal from the Senate, empowering the majority of the creditors of any suspended house to decide whether such house is to be managed by a com- mittee or declared bankrupt. A law has been proposed, but not passed, for granting 30 days* extension on all bills. This would amount lo a kind of legalised suspension. The Danish Government has advanced 5,000,000 of francs« as a loan ; while two directors of the Copen- hagen Bank have proceeded to Hamburgh to redeem some of the protested bills. I Later accounts from Hamburgh state that, the Senate and the BurgeBses, after protracted" discussions, had come to an understanding. They have agreed to abandon the issue of a paper money and a farced circulation. A Bum of 15,000,000 mares banco (about £1,OSO,000) will be granted to the temporary Bank of Discount, just established by the authority of the State: and the Treasury ÍB to deposit at the Bank an amount of 5,000,000 marcs banco in shares of the rail- ways from Berlin to Hamburgh, and from Hamburgh to Bergdorff, both being the property of the State. The bank will open, with the Treasury an account currency for these shares, and will begin to grant discounts' to the extent of 5,000,000 mares banco (equi- valent to £360,000). The State is, moreover, in negotiation abroad for 10,000,000 mares banco, in silver, to be also paid over to that bank in the course of the week, and made ap- plicable to the purposes of discount*. Yet in the midst of this terrific panic" soys a writer on the spot, " there is sufficieât money to meet all demands, even were thev greater than they are, were public confidence ^anything like a par with the meansthafrpr£ vate parties, and even many merchants, mish* employ in the discount line ¡ but nothing ¿an prevail upon these persons to afford any said in the face of the failures of such firme a» f?u ^M1«,yi5ppearingJ in ,the llat« Yesterday Xthe 4tb) 14 occurred, making now upwards oT 100., In short, such is the effect of the present panic that it is with the greatest dElt' Prussian Royal bank-notes, however Braal the amount, can be exchanged for silver ; and *4eni°n,yuby allowit'B 25 per cent. di¿ormfc The burghers are generolly of opinion that as the mercantile communitv have been th» main cause of bringing the difficultFupon themselves by over-speculation. they musfe do the best they can to get themselves ont of the mess and have no right to call qtZ the freeholders to pay their losses." ^ The panic at Hamburgh will, it is fearer! throw insuperablq difficulties io the mof a resumption of payment by some oPtlS Swedish houses whioh Iatelv X»>,wr it London, and which were lookfnglo^d^ for assistance. Sweden, it muat be remer_? bered, has very mtimate commercial relate with Hamburg. Messrs. Carr, «A Co., of London, who failed a week or twr> ago, have been compelled to abandon tht hope of resuming payment »"«naon tno» THE UNITED STATES. It is pleasing to find that at the fountain head of our present disasters things are gra- dually returning to their normal state. A few words must suffice to picture tha last phases of American commercial life. The first and second acts of the great drama of disaster, in ? which there figure the "bulls" and "bears" of the Exchange, the banks of Wall-street, and the mercantile community at large, having been played out, the third act opens, exhibiting a succession of extraordinary " scenes," in which the hosts of the unem- ployed are the prominent actors. The failure of so many firms necessarily throw swarms of men out of work, and deprived them suddenly of the means of subsistence ; and as there are in America no Poor Laws to guarantee bread to the hunerv. these Door fellows had n/v m. operatives. -Their leaders are evidentlv Ä forces and paraded the stress of New Y^ demanding "work or death." There wasT' deliberate attempt at rioting bS««T fears were entertained of the desoffi pine. The Government, however t«oV steps to check any outbreak h»«« M* military at the OuItomTousi'sub tr?Ä« " and other important points in Ne» v^' ' One of the prino pal sneaker«^ «It*,;' meeting held WAK « «s»).,» at tne Iflrge«f Ä&5 ¡SÄ lÄnM -;»»6>u, Ultu S3IQ Brie had come to offer her services, like Miss Nightingale going to the Crimea." She enunciated the idea that the mob ought to make " friends of the editors," and counselled the avoidance of riot. The mob bad divided into two parties, a split having occurred, owing: to the violent opinions of some of the leaders. On one occasion, when the appearance of the* mob was rather threatening, the Mayor mus- tered what force he could, and a Brooklyn fire engine took up a prominent position, pre- pared the hose, and caused the dispersion of the crowd. A deputation whioh waited on the Mayor was promised employment on some public works. The Board of Common Conn cilmen, in a report on the state of« distress among the laboring classes, ascribed ranch or. it to the large immigration of persons who remained in the city, instead of moving- to the* interior, The Board of Aldermen, in tbeit report, condemned a proposition of the Mayor's to issue stock, and purchase large quantities of food with the proceeds, to be ?old at cost price to laborers on public works. The leaders of the more moderate of the un- employed had an interview with the Mayor, on the 11th ullj., and piesented a petition from .00 or 700 of the working-class. The chief spokesman, addressing hisWorship, stated that so far as the real working men were concerned they never had contemplated any movement, which might have a tendency to disturb the public peace, and that the only persona who were disposed to be bolcterous were a few ", rowdies," who took advantage of the excite- ment to indulge in their propensity for mis- chief. There was not the slightest foundation for the apprehension which appeared to exist, They simply applied for work; they were destitute, and many of them had not suffici ent to maintain themselves and families for a single day. It was, therefore, necessary that they should get this work at once. The lîayor in reply, told them that the Board of Centra! Park Commissioners had resolved to emploi l|O00 men as soon as they could obtain monej to poy them. Ho urged them to wail patiently a few days longer. The députa tion then desired to know what they shoulc do till they got work, as Bomo of the person whoso names were on the list were, as they hai already said, destitute, and the fact that the; had wives and children rendered their necef sities more pressing. In view of these facti the Mayor said that if they would furnish hit with a list of the names and residences < any who were in such extreme poverty t they had described, he would make a requis tion upon the Almshouso Department t furnish them with the necessary supplie which ho had no doubt would bo promptl orthcoming. The Committee promised i make out such a list. According to the latest accounts tho d monBtrations were dwindling away to nothin and tho majority of those assembled seemi to attend merely for the purpose of enjoyin the fun created by the eccentricities of oi " Madame Banke." The New York Herald, in an elaborate ar well-reasoned article, points out the dang constantly inourred by the United States being plunged into foreign war by the " fi hustering" propensities of the masses vigorous, enterprising men who, at crises lil the present, are suddenly thrown out of i regular occupation, and almost compelled resort to desperate courses. There aro n in Amorlca, as in European countries, armi to absorb them, or dominant classes keep them down, and compel them to suf and bear in silence and inaction. With large a measure of individual freedom thi is danger of continual collisions with neif boring peoples. Wo have already Be enough of the exercise of this Yankee p pcnslty for expansion ; but it is to be fear should these commercial crises become of 1 quent occurrence, that her uncontrollat go ahead sons will ombroil America in so calamitous struggle. Tho latest advices from America spt much more hopefully. The condit of the money market is said to be soun than it had boen for many months. I lion, to the amount of 23,000,000 t lars, had boon accumulated in the bai so that nothing but ignorance of tho final suits of the crisis in Europe prevontcd a sumption of specie payments. Indeed banks of New Orleans liavo resumed the if of gold. The disasters in England have at all come up to tho extravagant expei tiona of our transatlantic brethren. They quite disappointed that we are not absolu and irretrievably ruined by their convulBl The idea of our only poying 10 per cent Bach a crisis, when thejj are accustomed t and 30 in ordinary times, has astonie them beyond measure. As soon as the pi of the pressure is removed, we may exjiec hear of these go-ahead people again disp ing to the world tho " recuperative" eneig their nation. In truth, tho process has aire begun, for speaking of tho revival in corni cial affairs, the New York Herald, in chu teriBtio language, says ;-" The stock-job of Wall street are getting crazy again. St are going up like rockets, and speculatore making money like dirt. It is said that i a-dozon of these adventurors have each n 100,000 dois., in differences in tho last v, The good time is corning again. Satan great gambler from the 'lowerdeep,' nevei sakes his own." 