IÍ O O M M EKG I A L R B G O B D. I ?' Simms Offlee, Thuridey Evening. I ] THE later commercial intelligence received to- day from England is not of a very encouraging nature, several fresh failures of importance having taken place. Hopes, however, were indulged in, from the frequent sales of. gold to the Bank, the rise in the exchanges, and the quieter tone of the money market, that the i prevailing depression would be greatly relieved I before the end of December. We have intelligence from Melbourne to the I 8th instant. We quote from the Argus ot that | I date : Export entries were passed at tho Caatoms on Saturday for ] 10,708 ounces of gold, tho whola of whioh, with the exception of fonr oanoes, waa for shipment in the Boxburgh Ooatlo, for Lon- don. The total taken by that vossel, which cleared oat this after- noon,' amounted to; 60,207 oanoes, shipped aa follows :-By the London Chartered Bank, 18,000 ounces; Bank of New South I Wales, 10,000 ounooe ; Bank nf Australasia, 0347 ounoes ; Baak of I Victoria, 8317ourjoo»; Union Bank, 1625 ounoos; Nonhanssand [ Co., 404 oanoes; Williams and Co., 337 ounoos; N. Bath, 873 onncos ; N. and J. Job, SOI oanoes ; B. Bate, 334 ounces ; BI. Hartsnung, ion ounoos ; Iaaaes Brothers, 130 ounoos ; J. Sohultz, 122 ounces; C. T. Mansford, HS ounoos; H. Androws, IIB ounces; White anti Co., lOUouncos; sundry small shippers, 6S3 ounces. There baa been moro activity in the gold marled, but shtppora aro «till disposed ta hang baok until aftor the arrival of tho Eng- lish mail. Prices rango at present at £3 14a. öd. to £3 14a. Sd. for Castlemaine and Sandhurst : £3 14a. Od. to £3 lSe. for Mount Korong ; £315s. Od. for Dunolly, Maryborough, Fiery Creek, and Avooa ;.£3 15». to £3 16s. Oil. for Ararat and Pleasant Creek: £3 IBs. to £3 17s. for tho Ovons ; and £3 17s. Od. to £3 17s. Od. for Ballaarat. Although tho escorts aro again under tho overage, they begin to show signs of improvement. The weather since our last report hos boon everything that could be desired for the great majority of tho minors. Wherovor tho raina have fallon inoroaaod activity ls tho ordor of tho day, and will soon produce a marked effeot on the returns. In tho following list the fort- nightly osoorta aro distinguished from tho weekly by an asterisk prefixod to tho nomos of tho gold-fields. In tho . second oolunra tho quantities aro alvon for the corresponding week of 1867. The ohief decrease oxblbitod in thia comparison is from Beechworth and the Maryborough district. The es oort» from tho latter are improving every week ; Beeohworth oontribntod a settled un- fluctuating quantity of about 16,000 ozs. fortnightly during the wholo of last year, and tho sudden falling oil whioh has taken place this year is tho more marked : 1868\. J857. oze. dts. ozs. dt«. Castlemaine . . 0,731 0 .. 6,390 lo Sandhurst ... . 7,148 IO. ., 7,444 10 .Beeohworth .... 9,057 10 ." 16,084 0 .Heathooto . 1,614 10 .. - Ballaarat. . . 10,026 0 .. 10,069 10 ' .rtnshworth . .. ? 668 10 ., - .Creswick's Creek. 2,691 0 .. ;i ,,769 S, .Dunolly. . . 8,640 10 .. 9,904.10 .Maldon . . . 1/Í99 10 .., - .BuoklandIUver . ? 1,213 10 - 30 .0. \- Maryborough. . -. 2,011 0 3,238 0 .Yackandandah. . 1,467 0 998 10 64,008 16 200,799 1 . Totals for the years 203,183 6 ' , 255,707 10, The shipments thia week have been- ..;V-.- - . ozs. . By the Roxburgh Castle, for London ' . 'i 60,207 " Guy Mannering, for ditto : . 107. . - ;" London, for Sydney .. 2,611 Sundry small paroels . . . 43 Previous .shipments, oorreotod by-com- parison with tho entries passed at the Customs . ....... .... . .193,010 Total for the year . . ?. . v . 200,004 Or 8 tons ll cwt. 2 qm. 17 lbs., the value sf which, at £4 per ounaa, amounts to £824,010. One thousand fire handred and sixty-four Immigrants havo landed at Molbourno during the week, consisting of l,307.from the United Kingdom, 30 from the United States. 3 from Mauri- tius, and 224 from the Australian colonies. Tho number of departures is computod nt 210. The net addition, by tho sea 1 board, to tho population during tho current year, up to this day, haabecn 3,003. ? Arrivod. Woek ondlog January 9 .. .. ., 880 Dlttto, ditto 10 .. .. ."1,044 Ditto, ditto 23 ... .. ,. 109 Ditto, ditto 30 .. .. ., 330 Ditto, February « .. .. .. 1,504 3,993 030 Deduct departed .. .. 930 -. Net Immigration .. .. 3,063 Tl)oro has not boon any movement in the money market. In I deed the week has been ono of comparative stagnation in nearly every branch of businoss, arising from the indisposition of capi- talista to oporate, while a mull bearing nowa of ao important» kind as that oxpectod by the City of Sydney or Victoria is due and hourly looked for. In order to afford a comparison of the banking business of the oolony at the oloso of 1867 with its prede- cessor, wo append a tabular statement of the oggregato averages of tho eight banks carrying on business within toe colony for tbs fourth quarters of those two years. In this table all the items rofor to the actual business of tho colony exoept tho last four. Tho paid up capital, amount of dividend and of resorved profltB, and the rate of dividend, rolato in each casa to the institution as a wholo. There lias boon a little moro activity in the Stock and Share Market, but tho quotations of tho bankers sro various. Bank of Victoria shares aro quoted at £35 by ono and £38 by another broker: sales. In tho Firo Insuranao Companies a few transla- tions have boon done at tbe priées in oar Hst. Monoy is «ban- dant at IO and 12J per cent, fer loan on mortgage. The rates ef discount remain unehnngod at-on bills under 95 days' currency. 8 per eent. ; from U5 to 125 days', 9 por cont. ; and over 125 davs', ID per cont. : and on overdrawn accounts, 10 per cont. Exobango on England ls, at all the banks, at par for 60 days' [flight.; for amounts under £50, at J per cent, premium for 80 days' sight. Freight on gold, by direct steamers or sailing vessels, .lid. per ounce, deliverable In London ; insurance 1J por I cont. ; by tho overland route, j per cent.-that is 7d.per ounce, as nearly as possible ; insuranco, 1} to 1} per cent. \- Wo havo nothing to add to tho market report prefixed to our prices current with reference to the state of trade. In imports and exports aliko, there ls an indisposition to oporato until advices havo been received from Englouti. Tho following Is a comparisnn.hottreen the Imports and exports at the port of Mel- bourne of tho current and tho corresponding periods of the past year:- ? Imports. Exports. Weekending 1867. 18.58. 1857. 1858. January 0 . 175,135 .. 285,106 .. 313,636 '.. 112,368 January 10 . 328,724 .. 478.98» .. 301,840 .. 306,634 January 2.1 . 284,363 .. 212,094 .. 117,424 .. 262,488 January 30 . 691,787 180,097 .. 391,468 .. 269,937 Two eases have boon brought ander tho consideration of the | Chief Justice sitting in Equity, of some importanco to the oom niorclnl world-Sallgnao i>. Booson and another, and Sallgnao v. Mollonbaoh and another. In both oases the Court was movod for an injunction to restrain tho dofondants from Bolling or export- ing certain brandy in bottles with labels in imitation of thoso of I the " United Vineyard Proprietors' Cognac" On tho application of Mr. Abraham, who appeared for the defendants, and com- i plained of tho shortnoss of tho notioe, it wan agreed to postpone tba application for a fortnight, tho interim order whioh had | already boen grantod still continuing in force. From the same journal we take the sub- joined review of the markets for the week ending Gth instant: Businoss in the Import Market has again boen confined to small solos of goods required for nso, and no improvement can bo roportod in prioos, or in tho prospocts ef tho markot. The constant oxpootatlon of tho arrival of the Overland Moil produces tho usual effeot in chocking businoss transactions, whilst tho onormous arrivals of goads during tho pasUwaek, amounting to nearly 15,000 tons, bsvo had a depressing tondonoy. Tho late hoavy raina liaro inducod toamstors to ask an advance in ratos of eartago. Thnro IB S woll supported demand for many articles of gonoral usa for tho diggings, whioh would havo an offeot on tho Btooks of goods in first bands in tho event of suppllos de- | I creasing; but, whilst shipments oontlnne to pour in as hereto- fore there can bo no hono whatovor of any Improvement. Liquors.-Boor remains without change, and prices nearly nominal, small sitios only having boon oiTooted at thoso ratos. Botllad boers of good brands ara dull. Tho demand is vary trifling, and sales to any oxtont havo to bo modo at lowor prices than those quoted. Spirits have met with but littla inquiry, and tho amount of transnotions bas boon vory trifling. Brandies of bost brands of gonulno warranty cannot ba quoted ovor 16s. por gullon,aud other sorts in proportion. Bum, gin, and whiskey ovinoo no improvomont in domand, and prioos are almost | nominal. Qonova has been in somowhat mora request. Winos aro quito noglooted, and notwithstanding tho low ratos at whioh really good sorts aro nfforlng, thoro appoars no disposition to purohaso to any oxtont. Flour, Grain, ico.-Tho flour markot has boen rathor Armor durlug tho past weok, tiut salos havo boon eonflned to small lots, ohiafty of favourite Adolaide brands, for whioh as high as £1(1 por ton has boon paid. This ratooanuot.howover, be considorod as a ruling ono-bost country' brands having boen worked off at from £14 to XII 10s. por ton. The quantity of Tasmanian flour in tho markot ls of too light an amount at prosont to affect markets. Amorioan barrel flour has boon within tho last few days prassod on tho market, and a salo of MOO barrels Gallego is reportad to-day at 33s. Od. per barrel. Whoat continuos in Tight inquiry ; as yot no quantifias of any consider- ation aro offorlng, and howovor doslrous millors may bo of pur- chasing, thoy hold off at prosont, Oats havo again doollnod in prico : arrivals havo boon oxoosslvo. By auction largo sales of Californian have boon made at As. lud. por bushol. Booton and Irish oan bo bought at 5s¿, whilst Danish sud BusBlnn oan bo bought undor that prloo. Tho pnrool ax MiniBtor Thorbooke sold by auotlon at ts. lld. par bushol. New oats, of colonial (Victorian ) growth ara in tho markot, but os yot. tho quantity offering ls small, and tho prioos asked too high to bo a guidanoo for markot Erloos. Barley has boon naloablo for Bood. and now parcels havo oon inquired for. That ox Ann and Jano lias ohangod hands at 4s. 7Jd. por bushol. Brau has root with atnady domand, and OIM.II sweat paraals of late arrival havo found bilyara ut 2s. 3d. por bushol. Gronig continuos to soll stondlly ot üld 10s. to XII per ton.atwhtoh prioos stocks aro moving off into consumption. Hloo.-Tho attompt to rally tho prloo of this nrtlolo hos fallod. Holders oro apparently firm In their domand of XII) to £21, but sales nra afflicting ai £17 10s. to £)9, which, considering tho heavy stooks on bond, may bo rogat'dod as full rates. ' Provisions.-Itonlly primo sorts aro nalonulo In small tots, and to tbeao descriptions nloiin quotations rofor : Inferior and un. Bound goods aro unsidoablo at almost any prioos. Primo hams have brought 1«. -ld.; baaon, ls,; ohnoso, lld. to ls.; and heat Irish buttor, lld. to ll jd. poi- lb., at whioh rotes oonsldbroblo solos havo booti mada. Oilman's Stores.-Tho nocumntntod stock nf thoso futiólo* lind begun to diminish, mut ntl improvomont in prioos was looked for. Tho supplies, howovor, arrived by late vassals from England, aro. hoavy, and prioos will mainly dopend ou tho way tu whioh gooda are offered for sale. Grooories,-Toss continue satoahlo.and prioos of bottnr clo. soriptlonB aro tinohaiigad: solos by auotlon of inferior toas havo boon rando during tho wool: at lowor rates. Coffuas aro un ohangod in prloo, and 111 tho absonoo of arrivals unlikely to vary. », ftlao.-*Tn spite af nil attempts to rush this Artlolo into spoon lotion, prioos romain unnlinngod. .Tba demand for Patna kind ts good and steady nt about i'll) por ton, London soroenod Patua, ht barrels, lias bonn «old duving tho woek at. £21 IO», per ton. Bugara hove lluotliatod considerably in value during the wooli, and in the ithsonoo of largo solo» lt la snmowhat dinioiilt to afford oorroot quotations ; tho prions ranllsod huvo, however, boon lower than previous ruling rates, morn particularly far lowor nunlltlos, tho domand for willoh sorts has boen but light. No, I Cosxlporo has boon sold nt from £03 to £K1 16s., nnd bright yollnw Mauritius at £43 ta £40 portón. Vampangas nt £32 to £33 par ton. Timber.-Thero ia DO Improvement either in value or demand. Tho descriptions au.lta.hla for building nnrnqjiet aro (ha only sort» ««loable, . Metala, from the glutted «tata of thia market, continue-very dull, and the demand I» very light. -, ' The Herald of Monday says :- . . ,. Tho only chunga in tho aapect of tho import markot, worthy ofipeoial comment, boa talton placo in favour of tho holders af' flour. It la difSonltto determine whether the demand whioh ha« ?prang up hu arisen from a sadden increase Ia tho requiro ments for actual consumption, or whether it may be roforrod to th» oxistenoe amongst huyors of a bolder «pl rit of speouhulon.. To whatever cause, howover, tbo advance ia to ba assigned,'it is certain that the prospecta of holders aro infinitely more obooring thunthoy were somo ton dayaslnoc; in other directions thora has boon very little doing- all private Bales having been on a veryllmited scale. By way of Melbourne, we have intelligence from Hobart Town to tho 3rd and from Laun- ceston to tho 4th. instant. The New Tariff Bill, having passed both Houses, came into force on the 3rd. The following additions have been made :-On. rum, < ls. per gallon, making the duty 10s.; on brandy and other spirits except , rum, ls., making 12s; on tobacco, Gd. per lb-, making 3s. Cd.; on wines ls. per gallon, making 2s. ' On cigars tho duty is to be 3s. per lb. ; snuffs, ditto.1 On malt the duty ls to be ls. per bushel ; on malt liquors, in wood, 3d., per gallon ; on bottled quarts, ls. 6d. por dozen; on pints, 9d. Be- sides this extra taxation charges on the pro- bate duty to be fixed at £2 10s. per cent. ; and upon letters of administration £3 per cent. The dog tax to be increased to 5s. The ex- penditure of the Post Office has engaged the attention of Government, and it was determined to raise the charge for postage 50 per cent. ; so that the fourpenny postage would be increased to sixpence. We quote as follows from the Hobart Town Mercury of the 3rd instant The flour market has experienced no fluctuation the last two or three days, prices ooiitlnnlng steady at £19 to £21 per ton, according to quantity, for best samples from colonial wheat. Bran maintains its advanood quotations. SB. 3d. to Ss. ed. per bushel, and sharps continue at £10 to £12 por ton. N.B.-Grain and flour are now sold acoordlng to the new standard: Wheat . - . * GO lbs. to the bushol. , , Oats .. ... 40 Iba. ditto. -Barley ... .. 50 lbs. ditto.' Bran ... SO lbs. ditto. > Flonr . .. ' 2000 lbs. to the ton. We'subjoin the latest market reports LiUNCBSTON, February 4.-Union Milla.-First floor, per ton, £16} seoond ditto, £14; bran, ls. Od.; wheat, 6s. per bushel (nominal). Cataract.-First flour, £14 per ton ; seoonda, £13; wheat bought at As. per bushel; bran, ls. Od. Daring the week ended 30th January, 11 tons of flour and 000 bnshols of oats «aro, exported at Launceston. There woro neither imports nor exports of grain and flour at Hobart Town during tho week. . HOBART Towy, February 3.-Wheat is still firm, at from 8s. to 8). Od. There was no alteration In tho floor market. Of oats there wore few on offer, the price ranging from 6s. Od. to 7s." - ., We have advices from Adelaide, to the 4th instant. The latest commercial report, how- ever, is dated 30th January,, which we' quote from the Times : Tho very hot weather during the whola ol the week has pre- cluded the possibility of any business exoept for ' immediate wants. v Money for commerolal purposes continuos vory tight, whioh tend to keep down speonlntlon. COLONIAL PRODUCE. Wheat.-Prices are Armor than last week. Thia has beon occasioned hy somo orders from Melbourne, which wore required for Immediate shipments, but the quantity wanted was limited. Flour.-Prices havo rccedod, the make, as said last week, being more than is required for tho supply. Millers requiring to realise must sell at a loss, as compared with the prices of wheat. Bran and Pollard.-Tho nominal value nt Melbourne has made pricos improve, hut tho quantity required is small, whioh will prevent prices from hooping up, unless a frosh demand should spring up for Melbourne. < Barley.-Tho crop is smaller than was antiolpatod. Pricos aro improving; and unios* thoro should bo arrivals to keep thom down, there must be a continued Improvement. Wool.-Thoro is nothing particular ta remark. Wines.-Tho demand continues. Vlnegrowers are taming out their »took to make room for tho approaching vintage, which promises to be good. IMPORTED GOODS. Spirits -There is but little alteration in prices. A parool of Martoll's brandy, for prompt sales, baa been sold for les. ; show- ing that goods on whioh tho holders most realise are disposed of at a great saorifloe. Wines.-Thoro isa steady demand for Port. Sherry is wanted. In claret, in consequence of tho hat woather, a few sales have been made at fair prices, bat tho large quantity on hand for this season prevents a rise In price. Thore has been an increased consumption of champagne, hock, and other light wines. Sugars.-Theso continue Arm. Toas.-Stocks ara ample, hut prloos koop np. Oilman's Storos.-Th ca o continue to he In good domand. Salt.-Both fine and coarse, are in good demand.' Bloc.-There is an enquiry for Patna. Drapery.-Tile market continues quiet. Afanohoster goods keep their value. Light summer goods are becoming unsaleable. Hoslory continues a glut. Tho hot weather has oausod a largo domand to spring up for silk and gingham umbrellas, and very high prices have boen obtainod. Alpacas and Orleans,iaoolours of medium and low numbors, aro much wanted. Bruasols carpets are scarce ; Kidderminsters aro plontlfal. 