HOBART TOWN SHIPPING. Maroh 97,-Abhor, from isowoastlo. Maroh 98.-Emily Downing, Aladdin, and Grecian, from a whaling voyage. Maroh 90.-Fair Tasmanian, from Twofold Day. Maroh 31.-Tasmania, from Sydney. April 1.-Freo Trader, from Now Zealand. April 4.-Laughing Wator, from London. nEr-ArtTURR.9. Maroh 98.-Aurora Australia, for London ; Lady Leigh, for MaOBBsar. Maroh DI.-Chestorbolmo, for Caloutta. April 3.-Fair Tasmanian, for Twofold Bay. April 4.-Nautilus, for tho South Seas. April 7.-Tamar, for Sydney. CLEARANCE. April 0.-Tamar, sohooner, lit) tons, rio, for Sydney. Passen- gers-Mrs. Coatojan, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Fielding, Mr. Howitt, and 2 in tho stoorago. xxponrs. Por Tamar, for Sydney: 40,000 foot lumbar, 00,000 shingles 7000 palings, 19,000 laths, 6 tons hay, 80 casos apples, 90 bags onions, H. Llpsoombo. Tho Marla, oraft.Matlhows, muster, belonging to Mr. Flukes, Poppormlnt Bay, was wraokod on tho 90th of Maroh, at 10 a.m., on tho sand bank at Louisa Bay. noar tho Sontli.WoHt Capo, in ono of tho onuinoatinl gales. Tho craft waa on its way dawn to load with flab for Melbourne. Besides the master thoro woro on board tliroo mon and a boy. who narrowly escaped with tholr llvos. After finding tholr way to a oavo, whora tboy romalnod Ava days living upon dampor (tho mastor having savod a owt. from tho wrook), they prsonodod in tho bnrgo'n dingy to Ito ohorchi Day, whlob they roaobod in 30 hours, and were most kindly trcatod by Mr. Morling thoro.-TatmanUm Daily iVcwt. April I. wiiECK o* THE Sm WILLIAM WALLACH.-Tho following aro tho particulars, aa far as wo oould glean, respecting tho wrook of this vossol. Tho brig Sir William Wallnoo, bolonulng to thia port, otoarod ont at Tliroo Hut Point a short timo back, ned on tho 18th Marali, willi« on har way to Molbourno, abo oxnerlonood vory hoavy gales from tho south.oast, with foggy woatlior. 8ho brought up at Fawoott's Island, botwoon Clark « Island and tho Main, and whllo thora tho elwin partod and sha wont bodily on to tho «boro, and in lass than two hours hod six foot of wator in tho hold. All hands then got on shore, rlggod tont*, and than returned and Bavod what they could from tho wreok. Aftor remaining two or tliroo days tlioy crossed in boals to Swan Island, whenoo tlioy woro taken off by tho Glonaoo, with tho oxooptlon of four soamen, who romain at tho wreok. Tho mastor, two matos, and flvo nf the orow arrived hero by tho Cloncoe yoster dav.-Tasmanian Dalli/ Newt, Marah 31. THE LAUOIIINO WATKII.-Tho hnrquo Laughing Waler arrived hore yesterday, nftor a passage of Ol days, having Toft tho Downs on tho 3rd of January. Captain Lay vory kindly furnished our reporter with the following oxtrnots from lils log.'lmok :-" On tho 10th January oxporlenood strong galon from S.S.E., and had a portion of har bulwarks and rails washed away, In latitude 13 dagroos, ll minutes, longitude 28 degrees, I minutos. January 94th, passod tho French brig Pierro, or Mnyonnn, with immi- grants, bound to Um southward. Fobrunry nih, passoil and oxoliangotl slgnnla with tho British ship JJorrrmdu, bound to tho uerthward. February (Ith, passod tho American ship Normal. Fobrunry Htb, passed tho barqito Victor, bonnd to tho southward. February 15th, oxobnngud slgnnla with two Danish ships, bound to tho southward ; und at noon pnnsntl tho Inland of Trinidad, boaring E.N.E. Fobrunry 14th, nt 8 a.m., Íiassod and oxohangod signals with tho bnrquo Evolina. bound or Slngaporo. February 2nth, at 4 a.m., passed and oxohangod signals with tho Pronoli »hip Arnaud, nf Ilordoaux, from La Holo, bound to tho Mauritius. Maroh l illi, at 0 a.m., ono of tho approntloos, nnmod Ooorgo Donovan, was sont, aloft to lonso tim main- royal. Going up tho roynl-baokstay il partod, and although ha foll from a holght af 110 to IO I feat on to tho doak, fortunately roaelvad but llttlo Injury. Tho vonsol wan going nt tho ruto of 12 knots au hour. On Friday morning last, whan about loo milos from land, oxporlonood a mast terrina galo, with heavy squalls i at noon shipped a noa, and wnshod a portion of tho (look's onrgo adrift, tho grating for Ibo whcol, ami a pnrtlon of tho bulwarks also wont overboard. Slowed upper and lowor fnra-topsnlls, forosnll, nppor main.topsail, and liovo tho ship to on tho starboard tack, under muln-topsall nnd fore-topmast, stnysall. Tho pumps woro anrefally attended to. On Saturday, made tho Mowstono Mooki nt 8 u.m. sighted Tirant Light, bearing about N.E. At midnight rounded tho South Capo. Ou Sunday, at 2 a.m., hovo.to lu Storm Hay nwnltlng daylight, lt blowing hard, and tlilok with rain. At 0 a.m. rooolvcd n pilot on board, mid anni nnohor in tho port nt 10 a.m." Tho Laughing Wator und tho Margaret nro tho only two vossaln lliut hava boon built an tho " Wavo-lina system af shipbuilding," [in'onted hy Captain Tovell, " whoso plan of vasaols,obsorvoa a wrltor In tho Artisan for Novombor. 1H07, " han boon most satis fao'nrlly prornd In tba Margnrat to bo tho fastest nvor built, nnd to whioh Ibo moroantllo world, who vahío onpaolly for tonnngo, carrying about 7.1 por oont. moro than registered tnnuago, with Inoronsod spoad, In tho ratio ar flvo to throe, ovor tim uvorngo, easier mid moro managonblo, far stronger, acquiring lass costly material to build, batter adaptad for sinwaga, cannot too early avail thamsolvoa of this system." J, llawtrao and Co, aro tho ownoraj ortho Ijitugulnp; wotor. -nntiy NHtu, April o. i 