Salea by Auction, PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Hoddle-streot and Ryrle-street, East Collingwood. A LEXAHDER YOUNG and Co. have been _/jL favored with Instructions from the proprietor lo ¡JUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their rooms, on an early day, as soon as the sntvevs ara completed, ... Unless previously disposed of by private bargain, She following very valuable properties, situatod In populous and Improving districts, and forming most promising -investments to capitalists, bulldors, and others, desirous to obtain a central piece of land, at a cheap rate, to build upon : EAU that piece of land m the p irish of Jika Jika, county ot Bourke, bains; pat t of section 80, and lots 8..0, 10, 11, 12, l8, 14, 16, 10, 18,10,20. according to the original plan ol subdivision, caving a frontage of 100 feet to Hoddle street, and 826 feet to Byrlc-Btreet, near Johnston-street east, Collingwood. Ibis property is now being surveyed, and out np Into building allotments, particulars of whioh will bo niven in a future adverflsomont. i~ THIS DAT. - - - To the Boot and Shoe Trade. . Ï0 Trunks Bido-spring Boots, Army Bluchers, &o; âLEXANDER YOUNG and Oo. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queon-atreot,- on .sday. October 28, at 11 o'clock, 20 trunks, comprising- ' Elastic side spring boots Do do, French bottoms Spring-front patent calf Oxonians Patent calf boots, elastio legs Light oalf b'uehors, and Anny bluchers. _^_Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. To Restaurant-Keepers end Others , Furniture, FlttlngB, and Effects of a Rostaurant. In tho Estate of Kelly and Bobertson. A LEX ANDER YOUNG and Oo. will SELL .XV hy AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Quoon stroet, nu Thursday, October 2B, »t 11 o'clock, After the sale of boots and shoes, ! She furnlturo, flttlngB, and ofieots of a restaurant. comprising- * Cooking stoveB, kitchen utonsife, tables, chairs, oarthenwaro, cutlery, oruet-stands, glosBWaro, lamp, clock, picture», Btrotchora, mattrossoi, pillows, blankets, de. Without reserve. > _Terms-Cash. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28/ ' f Io the Boot and Bboo Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, and Up country Districts 20 Trunks or Seasonable Boots and Shoos. , ' Just Landing ex Norfolk. A LEXANDBR YOUNG and Oo. will SELL J\\. by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Queon- stroot, cn Thursday, October 28, at 11 o'clock, < Ex Norfolk, 888-1 trunk men's bluchers, high backs , 889-1 do do wellingtons Í90-1-2 do boys'calf-iaco hoots 892-1 do mon's short wellingtons 868-1 do do middling bluchers, t-prlgged i 894-6-2 do do light oalf do t 896 8-8 do children's best black and colored cashmere boots ' i 899-1 do ohtldren's black hld mitten boots ' SOO-1 do do colored morocco halmoral do SOI-1 do do patent seal shoo button and straps 902-8-2 do ladles' colored cashmore, lace sides S04-6-8 do do black cashmere boots f»08-1 rio do colored do do ' > SOB-1 do do kid slde-laco do '800-11-8 do do black and colored cashmoro do 812-1 do black cloth do, patent goloshed 818-1 do do patont slippers. 7ho ahovo gooda are just landing, and suitable for the season. Terms-Under 100?. CaBh ; abovo that, approved acceptance at three months._| SATURDAY, OCTOBER 80. j To Small Capitalists, Speculators, and Otherp. Bale at 2 o'clock precisely, Upon tho Ground, Of 60 Valuable Building Allotments, Off Blgh-street, Prahran, > "With Frontages to Nelson road and Bendigo and York: streets. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. have? heon favored with instructions from tho pro- prietor to OFFER to PUBLIC COMPETITION, oa the ground, on Saturday, October 80, at 2 o'clock pre- cisely, > f All that piece or parcel of land, sitúalo in the parish, of Prahran, boing part of section 48, which bag now been carefully surveyed and subdivided into the i following convenient building allotrnents, viz. : Soven situated on tho west sido of Bondlgo street, sod having frontages thereto varying from 28 to 86 feet 4 inches by a depth of 86 feet. f Adjoining which, in the roar, are 16, fronting Nelson-road, varying from 28 feet to 86 feet 4 inches frontage hy 80 feot doplh. Also, 12, situated on the east sido of ; Bendigo street, each having 28 feet 4 Inches frontage thereto by 00 feet depth... _ And , 16 fronting York street, varying from 28 foot 44 inches to 84 feet 7} inches, by a depth of 96 feot, and joining in the rear tho allotments on the east side of 'Bendigo street above mentioned. ¡ These allotments, eitnated In the very centre of tho business part ofthlB flourishing municipality, ore «r-pecially adapted to the wanU of tho middle classes desirons of becoming; their own freeholders and acquiring property which is daily increasing In value, not only from tho improvements effected by the JIunlcipal Council, hut also from their proximity to the projected stations of the Melbourne and Suburban Hallway, In Hlgh-sticet and Windsor, tho distanco f re m either being only five minutes' walk. , Plans on view at tho rooms of the auctioneers, 23 «¡ueen-street, where lithographic planspf the property* I ran also bo'obtained. ' ' The terms will he very liboral, and _» The Title Is Perfect._t , IFOB'BALE BY PBIVATE CONTBAOT.l To Farmers, Capitalists, Speculators, andOthors. t Sale of i 840 Acres of Valuable Farming Land, JBiluate in the Parish or Yorlng, County of Evelyn, on the Yarra Yarra. ; ¡ I A LEXANDER YOUNG and Oo,23 Queen ' J&ÎL hy PjrÜVATE OONTBAOT, ' ' ' AH that very valuable block of fine agricultural land, situate in tho parish of Yering, dounty of Evelyn, boing part of section 28 of enid parish, and containing 840 acres, which will bo sold in one block, or will be subdivided Into the followlug convoriiont-slzcd farms, viz. .- c Onoof 100acres, " ' "- nu Do 100 do i Do 140 do. i , r ~ In order to ault the convenience of purchasers. . ffiThls doslrablo estate, which odjolnB those of Mossrs. ' Do Castella, Gardner, Morton, and other residents,-.:! has tho advantage of being hounded on one side by the reserve set apart by the Government i for the for catlonof a townihip(as shown by tho Government! DlanlwhlehcannotfaU ultimotely of rondorlneit» po- sition the most valuable in the neighborhood. Jft i; wcnrely enolosed within a substantial post-and-ra!» lenco, and is watered by the Bunning Creek, which has never been known, even in the dryest season, to . fall in its unlimited supply of the purest water. Tho »oil is remarkably rich, and well adapted for all pur- poses of cultivation Tho titi» is unexceptional, boing only ono roraovo from tho Crown. ,..,,.»,.{ Further-particulars may bo obtained of the laue lioneers. .... , ' . Terms are very liberal._t I AUCTIONEEBS' NOTICE. TUTE havo this day ADMITTED Mr. ED I WV WABD COHEN (late of the firm of Francis »ad Cohen) aB a PABTNEB in our business as auc- tioneers and general brokors. The business will be icanied on as heretofore, under the Btylo of FRASER wd COBEN. 14 ColHbs-strect west, Melbourne, ! _October 1,1868. _ . \- MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 1 T6 Saddlers, Storekeepers, and Others. Saddlery and Harness. Saddlers' Ironmongery, ' Marble Mantelpieces. ' "CIKASEB and COHEN have received in F structlons from Mr. J. B. Pascoe to SELL by AUCTION, at hiB stores, No. 62Colllns-streot east, on Monday, November 1, at 11 o'clock, Wlthont any reserve, An extensive assortment of very suporior BaddHry Harness Saddler*' ironmongery Marble mantelpieces Various merchandise. Full partlcalsriin future lseue. Terms at Sale. Ünrlvanea Opportunity f0. « * , To cíni¿S,I.,t.tu5t0 íD "" - "»»estmont In City Pro-1 A ° i»*11*«».*». Bar' ^ Centt0 0| CoIlmB jtreít. ^-íers, Merchants, Speculators, and/ / Others. "ÜEASEB «id COHEN have bee* ' J? witKlnstrucUpnB from the pn«- tavored * AUCTION, at thelr.roo^- .¡fMfoffi§g§& a\»rsday, OotoberïB.» Collins «erect, on AH thai wato't _., ia o'clock, ol lah'* _u,o and centrally-situited allotment f»~ j, having a frontage to Collins street of 86 .vc 2 inches by a depth of 170 feet, on which is at present erected Three Shops and Dwellinghonscs, Stabling, Coach- houses, and other Outbuildings, bringing In a rental of 6002. pcrannum. This splendid allotment is situate immediately ad- joining tho Mechanics' Institute, and opposite tho Argus office. lfae auctioneers, In requesting attention to the sale of the above proporty, have only to mention tho fol- lowing facts-viz, that the situation Is unrivalled, being in tho very heart of the city ; that it la Impos- sible to obtain any other frontage to Collins-street with such great depth; and altogether the present offers an opportunity for im estment which will raroly, if ever, occur again. , Terms, Llbeial, declared at Sale. THIS DAY. I Unprecedented Opportunity. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Others, First-rate City Property. I TflEASEB "and COHEN have been favored ,1' with instructions from the proprietor to SELL , by AUCTION, at tho Mart, Colllns- Btreet, on Thura- ' day, October £8, at 12 o'clock, The following valuable city property: Loti. All that magnificent pile of buildings known as the Original Scottish Hotel, at prosent In tho occu- pation of Mr. Frencham, at a yearly rental of £600. This splendid property bas a frontage to Bourke-Btreet of 88 feet 8 inches, by tho noble depth of 184 feet, Lot 2 has a frontage of 19 feet i inches to Bourke-street east, by a depth or other frontage of 120 feot to a street loading from Bourke-street east into Little Collins-street, on which is erected an iron store. Lots haB a frontage to a street leading from Bourke street east to Little Collins- street cast of 65 foet 6 inches, by a depth of £8 feet. Tho auctioneers, in calling tho attention of Intending purchasers to this sale, bave only to remark that it ia seldom co valnablo a city property is offered to public competition, being one of the best bUBlneBB Bites in the city, »nu being substantially built. Title guaranteed. Terms, Liboral, declared at Sale. THIS DAY. first-rate Allotment of Land in La Trobc-street cast. "OBASEB and COHEN have received in JP structlons from tho proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Octobor 28, at 12 o'clock, The following building lot, being part of subdivision of-.allotment l8 of section No. 26, city of Mel- bourne, having a frontago to La Trobo.street east '' of 28 feet, by a dopth of 70 feet, with right-of-way in the rear, 10 feet wide. _I Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Moro or Loss Damaged. , Ex Orlmoa. "ITIBASEBand COHEN will SELL by AUC ,r TION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, Novomber 2, at 11 o'clock, On acconnt of whom it may concern, Moro or less damaged, Ex Crimea, D in diamond, e8 boxes Price's No. 1 Belmont sperm candles, damaged SO do do, slightly do a 152 do do, do. Terms-Cash, ' FRIDAY, OOIOBER 28. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers and Others. Tho Whole of the Stock ot Provisions, Groceries, Oilmen's Stores, Spirits, Teas, &c;, Of Messrs, F. P. Stovcns and Co., at their Stores, No. 6 Queen-street, "C1BASEB and COHEN have received in" 1* stniotlons from Messrs. F. P. Stovcns and Go. to SELL by AUCTION, at their stores No. 6 Queen-street, on Friday, October 29, at 11 o clock, Bharp, The whole of their well selected stock of Bpirits. lOlihds, Martell's dark brandy 6 do do pale do 8 do Hennessy's dark do ' " 7 do do pale do 11 do whisky 10 do Pigeon's old tom Booth's old tom, in cases J Genova, key brand, in cases and half-cases ~ ", 8 hbds. brandy 11 quarter-caBks do 12hhds. Central Vineyard's do 10 do ol Dumas'a do 10 quartern do do 10 do Contrai Vineyard's do 100 cases of bottled ale 100 do claret, medoc. Tea. 285 half chests congou, ex Banca, i, Provisions, Grocerio*, and Oilmen's Stores. 25 cases of Coey's finest Belfast hams 6 do primo Dutch loaf choeso 100 do patent Belmont candles 148 bags nativo Ceylon cottee 13 cases Colman's mustard, In tins 11 barrels of bleached Jamaica ginger Cases tartarlo acid Do half pint and pint salad oils Do pint and quart pickles Do Batty's mixed sauces Do Day and Martin's blacking Do curry-powder, in 1-lb. and J-lb, packages Do candied peel, assorted Do blue, in 28-11). boxes Do bottled fruits, In 2 and 8 dozen cases Do capers , Dp cod-liver oil Do Kpsom salts Do herbs, in tina Do lobsters Do oysters Do roast fowl, in tins Do salmon, in 1-lb. and 2-lb. tins Do vinegar, in pints and quarts Do macearon!, in 7-lb. tins Do vermloolli, do Do tapioca, do Do refined loaf sugar Do Colman's mustard Irish pork, in barrels COBOS sardines, J lb. and 1-lb. Do Glenfield and Colman's starch Do colonial soap \- Do mixed spices Do do do, Batty's, in 7-lb. tins I And , A" variety of other goods too numerous to p»r ,, tiQularlso. / Terms, Liberal, at Bale. " - TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 201 BnrrelB of Gallego Flour. On Account and Risk of Former Purchaser. EBASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at the Mart, on (Tuesday, November 2, M li o'clock, < On account and risk of former purchaser, 281 barrels Gallego flour. _Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2 Valuable Freehold Property, situate in Nnpior-stroot, Collingwood. , By Order of the Mortgagee and Official Assignee of tho EBtate of W. G. Grave. ERASER and COHEN have been instructed to OFFER to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at r roomB, on Tuesday, November 2, at 12 o'clock, 1 Without tho slightest reservo, All that valuabla allotment of land, having a. \- frontage to Napler-otrect of Í8 feet by a dopth of 1 98 feet, with right-of-way on each side of 20 feet. On the abovd allotment is eroctcd a handsome and commodious family residence, repleto with every con- venience, and comprising- ' ' Ground floor. Entrance-hall, 6 feet wide ,DInlngroom, l8 feet by 20,12 feet high, fitted with , expensive rogister stove and marblo mantelpiece -Drawingroom, l8 feet by 20,12 foot high, do do 'Breakfast parlor, l8 feet by 12,12 feet high, do do Three bedrooms, l8 feet by 12,12 feet high, I , Up stairs. i -Three large bedrooms, 14 feet by 16 feet "One storeroom, 12 feet by 8 feet ' ' ' .Kitchen, 16 fcot by IB foot ' Btpjeroom, 7 feet by 7 feet, fitted with shelves, ¿te. iPantry, properly fitted with drawers, &o.; ? Verandah jround the back of tho house, and enclose < washhouse ~Two¡8tall¡ «tono stable, and coachhouse, with hay. ' loa large tank of brick and stono, capable of holding 80 tons water Iron palisades, and carriage-gate» 'to ront en- trance. ' The auctioneers, in calling attention of purchasers on the look ont-for an eligible family residence, con- sider this a first-rate opportunity for investment, as the above property Is lu oxcellont repair, well finished IP- every way, situated In ono of the most healthy localities of tht a etty, and they can with confidence recommend it as being in evory way suitable for family of respectability. T tbe positively sold to the highett bidder. [ Terms at Sale, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. To Capitalists seeking for Investment. First-class Properties at St. Kilda. FRASER and COHEN have received in- structlons from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, November 2, at 12 o'clock, The following valuable properties, situate in the most improving part of St. Kilda :-- No. 1, Argyle-terrace, consisting of three houses, built of brick, two stories high, containing six and seven rooms, situate in Argyle- street west, close to the Brighton-road and Bay View Hotel, having a good view of the Bay. No. 2. Alma Villa, situate in Chapel-street, between Inker- mann and Carlisle streets, containing six rooms and kitchen, and having a frontage to Chapel-street of 175 feet by a depth of 130 feet. No. 3. Wattle Cottage, containing six rooms, built of wood, situate in Argyle-street west, and having a frontage of 50 feet to Argyle- street by a depth of 200 feet. This property has a fine commanding view of the Bay and large garden. Terms at Sale. F 87 «*? ^^dDAY, NOVEMBER S. ' vases of Boee Bird Brand Lump Tobacco. Ex Expoundor, from New York. BASER and COHEN will SELL by AUO _ TION, at the mart, on Tuesday, November 2, at 11 o'clock, Ex Expounder, from New York, 87 catos rose bird brand iib. lump tobacco. _Terms at Sale._ POSTPONED UNTIL TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. In Consequence of the Whole of the Sugars Not Having Been Landed. For Positive Sale. To Merchants, Grocers, Brewers, and the Trado Gonorally. Cargo of the Leopold, From the Mauritius. 7,607 Bags of the Finest Yollow Gounter Sugar. FRASER and COHEN have been favored with instructions from the Importers, Messrs. t- anning, Nankivell, and Co,, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, November 2, at 11 o'clock, Tho cargo of tho Loopold, from the Mauritius, consistí-)g of 7,607 haga of sugar, comprising as follows, A- 6C0 bags Mon Trosor B-89 do California C-224 dodo D-165 do Hon Rocher E-878 do Plaisance F-80 do do 0-816 do Boaubois H-144 do Fairfond 1-200 do Hautorlve J-167 do California. K-96 do Mediae L- 60 do Gros Cailloux M-370 do Bonne Mere N-800 do Labour Donnais 0-293 do Plaisance F-180 do Bras d'Eau Q-100 do Anna B-88 do Bonalr S-185 do Fondre d'Or T-830 do Bonne Mere U-286 do California V-214 do Rosalie W-246 do Beau Vallon X-210 do Reunion Y-200 do Riviere Noire Z-201 do Nicolao. AA-274 do Mons Repos DD-180 do Poudro d'Or EE-100 do Bonalr FF-422 do Mont Pivou NN-376 do Modino , PP-800 do Bollo Blve CO-896 do Medine WW-226 do La Caroline. Tho auctioneers wonld call the attention of pur- chasers ,to this suporior parcel of sugars, it being the finest lot as a whole ever imported Into this market. rr any of tho samples being quite equal to No. 1 GOBBI pore. j Tho Bamplos being now on view at tho rooms of tho auctioneers, intending purchasers ato invited to In tj ect the same prior to the sale. Terms at Salo. I TUESDAY, NOVEMBEB 2. For Positive and Unreserved Salo, to Close aPartnor* 1 ship Account. Valuable Allotmonts in the Fast-increasing Muni- cipality of Bt. Kilda. THBASER and COHEN have been favored P with instructions from tho proprietors to 8UB ÎÎÎT to (PUBLIC COMPETITION, at the Mart, Collins street, on Tuesday, November S, at 12 o'clock, I The following valuable block, having a frontago to Inkermann and Hotham streets, subdivided as followB: , Loti. A corner lot, having a frontage to Inkormann road of 40 foot, by a depth or other frontago to Chusan-stieet of 90 feet, to a right-of-way of 20 feet. Lots 2 ard 8 have each a frontago to Inkormann-rood of 40 feet by a depth of 90 foot to a right-of-way 20 feet wide. , Lot 4 has a frontago of 40 feet to Inkermann road, by a depth or other frontago to Hotham-Btiiet of 110 feet. Lots 6 to 12 bave each a frontago to Hotham-strcet of 62 feet 8 InclicB, hy a depth of 81 foot. , Lots l8 to 20 have each a frontago to Chus an-stroot of 62 feet 3 inches, by a depth of 81 feet. 1 | Lots 28 to BO have each a frontage or 62 foot S inches to Chosan street, by a depth of 96 feet. I Also, Six valuablo allotmonts, each having a frontago of 68 feet 10 inches to Caisell-Btrcot, by a depth of 140 feet. These lots aro in immcdlato proximity to tho St. Kilda and Brighton Railway. t Tillo, Grant from tho Crown. Tho auctioneers, in calling attention of intending purchasers to thoao valuablo freeholds, in this pro- gressing locality, bavo only to «tato tbey aro most positively to bo sold without roservo to the highest ; bidder. , Terms-One-fourth, cash ; the residuo by bills at three, six, and nine months', bearing bank interest. ' TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 2. . I City Proporty. By Order of the Executors in tho Estate of Mr. L. ¡ Desizer. T71RA8ER and COHEN have receivod in X! structlons from tho oxecutors cf Mr. L. Desizer, to BELL by AUCTION, on Tuesday, Novem- ber 2, at 12 o'clock, AH that piece or parcel of land situato In Hay ward-tano, oft Llttlo Lonsdalc-stroot, having a frontage to said Haynard-lane of 21 loot > inches by a depth of 40 feet, with two wooden houses erected thereon. 1 For positive sale, ^_Terms-Cash. THURSDAY, NOVEMBEB l8. Valuable City Property. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Persons socking First closs and Safe Investment. Important Sale of One of tho Finest Mcrcantllo Pro 1 pontos in tho City of Melbourne < Positivo Sale to Oloso Partnership Accounts. FRASER and COHEN have been favored with instructions from Mossrj. H. W. Farrar and Co. to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their mart, Collins-Btreet, on Thursday, November l8, at 12 o'olock, Iho wholo of that cxtonslvo and magnificent pro Eerty, situate in Bourke-strcet west, at present i tho occupation of Moss». II. W. Farrar and Co.Acomprlslng merchant's stores and offices, built on an aroa of 09 feet frontago to Bourke strcet, by the very great depth of 166 foot some inches, on which Is oreoted a bluostono two story store, each floor C6 foot by 88 feet, uni upon tho whole cf the remainder of tho land thora is erected a brick one story store, capable In all of storing 4,000 tonB of merchandise, i Also, First-clasB offices, ropletewith ovcry convenience for carrying on extensivo business transactions. ' Tho auctioneers, in bringing this superior frochold before the public, havo to call particular attention to Its central situation, bolng in immédiate proximity to the ,stores of D. Mooro, Esq. ; Mestrs. Flower, M'Donald, and Co. ; Heaps Brothers ; B. and P. Turn- bull: B, Towns and Co.; Joshua Brothers; Swlro Brothers ; Holmes, Whlto and Co. ; WlUon, Ncphow, and Co,. ; Henriqucs, Brother, and Co. ; Montefiore, Graham, and Co. ; Dnhroty, CrulkBhank, and Co, and others., In fact, this is one of the very host mercantile business premises in Victoria, being well and fuithruily built of,6tono-ond brick, with slated roof throughout. They fiojiot deem it necessary to do moro than ask intending purohasers to inspect tho promîtes, and to IcBr.iniñmd its cloao proximity to the Ballway Ter- minus of Victoria, consequently its fast increasing value. I F. and O. aro instructed positively to sell to tho hlfhcat bidder. In consequence of tho demise of ono of the partners it must bo sold, for tho purpose ot bringing the partnership accounts to a closo. CardB of inspection to bo had at Fraser and Cohen' avction'mart, Collins- street. ¡ Title guaranteed. Terms-A portion of the purchase-money to remain on mortgage, at nine per cent, interest ; tbo residuo, one-fourth, cash ; balanco by bills at three, six, and nine monthB', bearing bank interest._ ¿_ > j WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10. , | f ' Liberal Credit. ! Conncctod with tho Extension of North Melbourne. To Marketgardonors, Milkmen, Butchers, Carriers, Railway and Farm Laborers residing near anil working on tho Melbourne Railways, the Salt- water, Uiver, I\omlngton, and EBSondon; and ' Others. , I Valuablo Paddock for Sale, , (By Order of tho Trustees,) , ~ Judllcoualy subdivided and laid out into \- I 1st-Cottage Allotmouts, On Turee Government Roads, leading to tho Rs.ce -j. i courso and tho Oattlo-yards. \- 2nd-Fine Garden Plots at the Back, With very little labor ought to keep thcmselvo», ( _ and coally managed. MR. STUBBS has been favored with in- structions to BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, vu tnot ground, on Wednesday, NovomDer 10, at 12 ¡ O'clock precisely, I Tho original Government grant« Nos. 25 and 20, Por. 10, containing 4a. 2r. 20p,, pariah of Doutta Galla, opposlto the Mosars, Murphy's beautiful estates, and near the residence and estato of Mr. Bankin. I Order of sale, viz.,- ! « ft. «J In. i Lot 1 bas a frontago to a great Go , vernrnont road .60 x 100 0 Lot 2 do do do .60 x 00 3 « Lot 8 do do do .60 x 00 8 Lot 4 do do do .60 x 00 3 Lots 6 and 0 do do do.60 x 80 8 . Lot 7 is a comer allotment, do do do 63 x 00 3 Lot 8 is n homo and gordon allotment, surrounded by throo roads, containing .. 82 x 172 ft. doptli Lots 0,10, 11,12,13,14, and 16, all hounr, garden, so.82x172 " i All having double and treble frontages. Lots' 10, 17, l8, 10, 20, and 21 havo extensivo frontages to the great lead'ng road to the Racecourse of.60x100 and 120 Lot 22 Is the publlchouso corner .. 63 x 100 < Locality. Let 'any man take tho chart of this paddock pro- perty into his hands, and judge for himself whether, re m the proposed line of one of the principal streets of North Melboumo in connection with it, It is pos libio to conceive any situation moro essentially a part of the metropolis ItBClf ; besides which, there is no ex renso required in clearing. It is all ready for Im- mediate occupation and building upon, and popula- tion daily propels this way. Turns liberal-25 per cent, cash deposit, and tho residue at three, six, nlno, and 12 months', without Interest. Title unexceptionable. Solicitors-Messrs. Bennett and Taylor, Collins street west. Speculators, wholeeale butchers, contractors, or menejd cKiricrs, Ac. woulJ be liberally dealt with in rate tliej would Msh to purchase the wholo In ona ti J FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6. Faîe of that Excellent Hotel popularly known a? - The Corkscrew, King-street, By Mr. STUBBS. To Moneyed Porsons and Purchasers Generally. Tiepreiont owner of the above Hotel (Mr. WhooIer> having mado arrangements for retiring (rom busi- ness altogether, is resolved to part with this por- tion of his Town Estates, and has Instructed MR. STUBBS io fix the day, and SELL the same by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the sea, King-street, on Friday, Ko\ ember 6, at 12 o'clock precisely. Notice.-Thus it Is that one of the moat popular lol els at the wost end has found its way to the bidding of some fortunato purchaser, nor could it have happened at a moro fortunate time for him. It is too clearly a monoy-making purchase. It appears to be one continual sceno-"Draw, draw," from roora till night. Of tho Hotel, Area, &c; It is built upon a frontago of 40 feet to KIng-ttreot, by 66 feet in dopth, more or less, opening on to a right-of-way in the rear. I ho bar, bllliardroom, and tablo d'hote are situate on tbe street floor, and conveniently and comfortably arranged for the accommodation of all cíaseos of cus- tomers, together with the Indispensable luxury of a bathroom in tho roar, and two large cool surface cel- lars, courtyard, Btable, and kitchen, outofuces, &c.; The suite of rooms upon the upper floor nre reached hy acedar staircase, and are apportioned intonlce neat alry.bedrooms, including four for the servants, and exclusive of a largo Masonic room facing tho street. ?I Toims liberal. Title unexce ptlonablo, referenco to which may bo j »ade to E. J. Murphy, Esq., solicitor, 12 Eldon chambers._ WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17. To Capitalists, Trustees, and other Moneyed Person» who And it difficult to invest upon mortgage, Or To young Merchants and Speculators who may bo derirouB of purchasing mercantile premises in a leading situation and upon extensive credit. i Positivo Sale of Con'ral Promises, Near Messrs. Goldsbrough's and Co.'a Wool Stores, and adjoining Messrs. 0. and I. S. DaviB's Stores on one side and Messrs. Campbell Brothers and Co.'s on the other,'and now In the occupation of Messrs. Lyal), M'Kenzio, and Co., and Captain Mathews, A ger te for tbo Liverpool and Glasgow Life Insurance CorrpanioB and tho Waterloo Life Insurance da, ko., 1 Market-square, Opposite The Custom-house and Savings-Bank. ME. STUBBS is instructed hy the pro- prietors to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, at Dear's Auction Booms, 00 Queen-street, on Wed- nesday, November 17, at 12 o'clock precisely, All those vory commodious, convenient, and truly mercantile premisos, situate as above In drawing the attontlon of the capitalist, mer- chant, and moneyed man to the opportunity of buy- ing at this tale,,Mr. Stubbs begs permission to observo that be remembers woll (and BO must many othera) IO years ago that the position of theso premises was even then looked upon as the moBt decidedly advan- tageous for commercial purposes of any In the whole city ; and porhaps in all tho ward there is not a better opening for tbo establishment, or a spot better calcu- lated for tbo business of an hotel, now so much re- quired on tbat side of the sqiiare. The whole will bo sold in one lot, or subdivided according to a plan which it is proposed to have at the sale, exhibiting a right-of-way in tho rear of 14 feet wide. Extensive cellars-ono capablo of holding about 175 or 200 hhds., and tbo other subdivided into compart- ments, wine-bins, ive. Countlnghouso and Offices, Iand Four Commodious Flats for General Merchandise. ' Besides the StoroB in the rear. Dally occupancy proves tbo fact that tho vost build- ing operations going on, and muBt continuo to go on, in this quarter, spring up solely from tho great public demands. Terms, very liberal, at sale. Title unexceptionable, and for particulars of which parties are respectfully referred to the solicitors of the proprietors, Messrs. Boss and Clarke, Bourke-street. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. i Clearing out Salo of Wines, Spirits, Beer, in Bottle, Candles, Starch, &c.; To Wine and Bpirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. táYMONS and PERRY have received in- to structlons from Messrs. Ralelghs, Daughlish, White, and Co., to BELL by AUCTION, at theil present stores, lu consequence of removing to new premises in Willlam-Btreet, on an early day next vtcek, ? Without reserve, An assortment of Wines Bpirlts Bottled beer Candles I Starch. A.c. Terms at sale. N.B.-Clearing-out Bale. PRELIMINARY, NOTICE. Valuablo City, Suburban, and Country Properties. In tho Estate of Mosars. Lyall, M'Konsle, and Co. SYMONS and PERRY are favored witt instructions from tbo trustees in the above ostati to 8ELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, on an earl: day, due notice of which will bo given, The undermentioned freehold aud leasehold proper tics : 4 allotments of lind in section No. 19 Warringal also 2 allotments in section l8 of said parish Part of portion No. 88 parish of Moorabbin, con tainlng about l8 acres 810 acres in the parish of Eumemmering 110 do part of portion 9 BO me parish 127 do part of portion 10 Parish of Dandenong. Leaseholds. The vacant corner of Colilns-streot and Spring street, opposite tho residence of G. Howitt, Esq. V.D. Also, A property in Qucon-atroot, known as Tho Tavistock Hotol. Full partieulsrs to be given in a future advertise ment. _ " FRIDAY, OCTOBEB 29. To Boot and Sboc Makers and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AU( TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Frida; October 20, at 12 o'clock, 21 cases indiarubber boots. R In diamond, C at side, § 27-81-117 pairs Iremonts, l8 in. 24-28-U do cairwolllngtonB.t D, M under, a 33-86-8 caaes grain hide 80-1 do wellingtons 72-1 do do 41-i do, elastic Bides. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29. To Tent and Sail Makers and Others. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. SYMONS and PEBBY will SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir rooms, Colllns-strcot, on Fri- day, October £0, at 12 o'clock, For the bonofit of whom it may concern. JRC, 5 6-1 bale duck. D in diamond, 412-1 bale duck. " ' JRC, 1,676-1 bale duck. D In diamond, 48-1 bale duck. ' BF, S under, 40-1 bale duck. All moro or less damagod. > _Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, OCTOBER SO. "' Desirable Suburban Property at South Yarra. SYMONS and PEERY are instructed by the ownor to SELL by AUOTION, at ¡their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, October 20, at 12 o'clock, Without reserve. All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage cf 100 foot to Domaln-stroct, leading from Domain-road to Gardiner's Crock- road, by a depth of 145 feet along a right-of-way, being n portion of that valuable property known as Anderson's Paddock. Tltlo unexceptionable The situation of the abovo allotment Is such as to render it well worthy the nttontlon of persons re- quiring sites in this delightful locality, as it is near the Government Paddock, the Botanical Gardens, and the resldonce of Captain Pasley, R.E., and ntimcroni nandsomo villas. Terms at Sale. " FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, ~ To ParticB in Search of a Dwclllog near Town. Boute and Land near Admiral Napier, Richmond. SYMONS and PEBBY will SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir rooms, Collins-street west, on Friday, Octobor 20, at 12 O'CIOCK, All that piece or parcel of land having a fronttgo to Sherwood-street, near tho Admiral Naplor, Punt road, Rlchmono, or 40 foot 6 inches, by a depth of 87 feet, along a right-of-way, on which li erected a commodious two-roomed cottage _'_Terms, Liberal, at Bale ' ' _ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1. CJearlng-out Sale of Wlnos, Spirits, Beers, lie. Stock-in-trade of Mr. Joel Bushby, Corner of Russell and Lonsdale streets. SYMONS and PEBBY will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho stores of Mr. Joel Bushby, corner of Bussell and Lonsdale streets, on Monday, Novem- ber I, at 12 o'clock sharp, Without reserve, i To clear the promises, Tho whole of his well-assortod stock-in-trade, con- I slst it g of- i Allsopp'» bottled alo Bj orb's do Superior port wine, in wood and bottle Sherry do do Champagne Claret Old tom, in bulk and bottle I Brandy ' Geneva, &c.; Also, 1 The various utensils and plant necessary for the i wine and spirit business. Terms at sale. N.B.-The whole without reserve, as the premises . re let, and muBt be cleared on Monday._ , WEDNESDAY, NOVEM BER 8. To Sodawater Manufacturers, Publicans, and Storekeepers. Sodawater Machine, Sulphuric Acid, Corks, &c.; SYMONS and PEBRY will SELL by AUC- TION, «t their rooms, Colllns-strcot west, on Vi ednesday, November 8, at 12 o'clock, 1 superior and powerful sodawater machine, with Taylor's bottllng-raok, completo 10 cases finest English sul phuric acid, in small jars and Winchester quarts ICO balea g.ngerbeer corks KicaikBwhito gingerbcer bottles £10 small trates glass bottles. UirmsalEalc I f TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. To-Wiie and Spirit Horchanfar, Publicans, Grocer», and Others ?* Wines, Spirits, Boor, Groceries, ¿a, Q YMONS and PERRY have received in O '«tractions io SELL by AUCTION, at the .{one oí ïêsars. Ralelghs, Dauglish, White, and C5-., Rtlolgh'e Wharf, Flinders atreot, on Tuesday, Novem- ber 2, at 12 o'clock, "Cosons's Bberry, treble diamond, In hhds. and qrs. " Bnrdon's shorrics, pale and golden, In hhds,, qrs., I and octaves ."Fine palo Bborrios, superior samples ~ Offley? port wines, doable, treble, and quadruple 1 grape, in hhdi; and qrs. Do, in 1 and 2 dozen cases Quark» Harris's port wine, in hhds. GodaeU'e rum, 10 o.p, suporlor, in hhds,, j mt ! landed wllllims's royal household gin, in cate Evans's old tom, in case Do,do, in bulk, hhds, and quarter-casks Marzetti's and Hibbert's bottled beers vTotherspoon's confectionary, marmalados, lozenges, Se. Neva Stearine candles Lcscher'a starch, half and 1-lb. packets Brown Windsor soap Woolpacks, I0J lbs. Three-bushel Backs Sugar, crystallised Mauritius Capo raisins, just landed ex Meteor Bonnosiy's brandy, dors:, in hhds Burnett's old tom, in hhds and quarters \- ~ Cognac brandy, palo and dark, hhds and quarters Earossos, choteo assortment, ex Meteor, from \ , Cape, ^_Terms at Sale. _ FBIDAY, NOVEMBER 6. Important Sale of Valuablo Property in Flinders-lane, nearly oppoalto the Engliah, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartered Bank. By Order of tbo TruatocB in the Estato of Mossrs. Robertson and Stevonson. SYMONS and PERRY aie favored with In- structions from tho trustees In tho above estato to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Oolllns-atroot, oil Friday, November 6, at 12 o'clock, The undermentioned valuablo freehold proporty, de- scribed as- I All that piece or parcel of land boing a portion of allotment No. 9 of block No. 4, in the city of Melbourne, having a frontago of 64 feet, or thero 1 j aboutB, to Littlo Flinders stroot, by a depth of 110 feet 0 luchos, or thereabout«, nnd boundod on tho 'north by Littlo Flinders- street, on tho east by another portion of said allotment No. 9, on the south by another portion of said allotment No. 9, and on tho west by allotment No. 7 of block No 4. ! Togethor with Tho Btoros and buildings orectcd on the samo, com- prit mg A substantialty-butlt two-story brick toro, with larto covorod yard at tho roar, and storeman's ,, t cottage, all the floors on tho ground flat beim; paved and asphalted, and tho window» flttod with fire-proof iron ehuttois. Also, A well-built two-story slono storo, adjoining the above, lato in tbo occupation of Messrs. Hall and Bakowoll. Terms : Tho sum of £4,000 may be allowed to remain on tnoitgago for two or three yoarB, at 8 per cent., and tho bataneo of tho purchase-money to bo ono half Cash and tho remainder at three and six months'. Few properties aro obtainable in the centre of tbo ccmmorclal pirt of tho city possessing such advan- tages as the abovo, having a right-of way along it leading to the Ballway Station andiwharY&s; direct,«! if surrounded by tho storoa and, witfohousea of tho prln «pal mercantile ftrnie. For particulars of titlo application to ho mado ta Wineileld Attonborough, Esq., solloltor, 20 Colllns strcet west. _ ~" MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8. ' Valuable Freehold Proporty at Sunbury. Tho Well-known Establishment, Str John Franklin Hotel, on tho Oastlemalne-road. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Otlior». QYMONS and PERRY have received In IO struotlocs from trustees in the estato of tho late Mr. William Wright to BELL by AUCTION, at their looms, Collina street, on Monday, November 8, at 12 o'clock, ' All that valuable proporty situate in tho township i ' of Bunbury known as Tho Sir John Franklin Hoto!, containing 16 commodious rooms, kitchen, anil offices, tho wholo well built of stone nnd brick. , Together with extensivo stabling, stockyards, and all other con- veniences necessary for an oxtonslvc business. 1 i i Also. Allotment No. 10 In tho vlliago of Bunbury, having ercctod on it a well-built i i Two-roomed Brick Cottage [ i The position of theso properties, lu such close Sroximlty to tho uno of railway now forming, rausi ¡rd to greatly Increase their value, and render thom well dOBerving tho notice of capitalists or speculators. i Terms, Uboral, at tale. | Particulars of titlo may bo obtained from Mossrs Selwyn and Klingender, solicitors, Chaucery-Iano. N B -Tho stock and furniture may bo taken at i valuation if required. ,r,/ ' ' THIS DAY. ' < To Ironmongers, Btorekocpor«, and Others. W EASEY and Oo. beg to call the atten . tlon of the trade, storekeeper», and others. to their extensive SALE of IRONMONGERY, &i;>., cons sting of axo», picks, shovel«, tubs, brooms. Manilla ropo, cotton duck, 8afo», gunB, &c;, which will take place THIS DAY (Thursday, October l8), at 11 oclock. Terms Llboral. THIS DAY. Extensive Bale of Ironmongery, Axes, Picks, Bhovols, Tubs, Pails, Brooms, , Barrows, &c;, iio. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. TV ^rKS^Pl 0o- wil1 BELLbyAUO V . TION, at thoir rooms, 88 OollliiB-stroot west ou lhureday, October 28, at 11 o'clock, 60 casos ColUna's heavy axes 100 do do medium do 100 do do minors' do 126 do do hairdo 60 Fairbank's platform scales, 210 to 1000 lb 7 Union do do 2016 quarters nut augors 302 gross assorted Bcrows 100 dozen Simmond's sinking picks 100 do do drifting do 60 do do straight do ' 100 do L H shovels 100 do D H do < 25 do broad hatchets 12 do strap hammers T 200 neets painted tubs 1 160 doren three-hooped palls 20 do cedar tubs ' 0 coses wire-bound brooms 160 navvle barrows. . Tho attention of tho trado is dlrcctad to tho abovo important sale of ironmongery, all the goods aro of fresh Import and to bo sold. ' ' ' _Terms Liberal. ' THIS DAY. Two Largo Iron Safes. For tho Bonofit of whom it May Concern. To Ironmongers and'Others., "fjtr EASBY and Oo. will SELL by AUO fjr . TION, at thoir rooms, 88 Oolllus-strootwoBt, /on Thursday, October 28, at 11 o'clock, 2 largo iron safes. Moro or less damaged by sea water, and sold for tho benefit of whom it may concern. Turms-Cash. THIS DAY.' 20 Kegs Nails and Shoe Bills. To Ironmongers and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO . w TION, at their rooms, 83 CollinB-stroet west, on Thursday, October 28, at 11 o'clock, ' £0 kegs nails, assorted, and shoo bille. Terms at Sale. ' - THI8 DAY. 30 Hhds. llollowware. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Other*. W EASEY and Oo, will SELL by AUO a TION, at thoir rooms, 83 Collins-street west, >on Thursday, October 28, at 11 o'clock, " 80 hhds. (Ino hollowwprc, comprising Tinned oval pots and (.overs ' Do tea-kettles Do saucepans and covors, assorted sizes. The abovo lot aro well worthy tho attention of tho trado, tho goods being of good make and landed in Uno condition. _Terms Liberal._ THIS DAY. 25 Ecus Boat Saddlors' dont Tacks. To Saddlers, Ironmongers, and Others. WE&SEY; and Oo. will SELL by AUC s TION, at their rooms, 38 Colllns-strcot wes', on Thursday, Ooiober 28, at 11 o'clock, 26 kegs bOBt saddlers' dont tacks. Moro or less damaged by sea water, and sold for tho benefit of whom it may concern. No rosorve. _ Terms-Cash._ ""' THIS DAY. - Dorso Bakes, Mill Baws, Manure Forks, ¿io. ¿te. To Agriculturists, Ironmongers, Squatters, and Othore. W EASEY and'Co. will SELL byAUO . TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday» Octobtr 28, nt 11 o'clock, 0 horso-rakcB 60 dozen two-bound hay-rakes 3 fan mills 2 circular saws 24 dosen manure forks. Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY' 4 J TonB Manilla Rope. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Oo. will SELL by AUC « TION, at their rooms, 88 Collini-strect west, on thursday, Octobor 28, at 11 o'ulock, Ex Bpleudldo, 14 coils 2J -inch Manilla rope 24 do 8-inch do - - - 24 do 81-lnch do. Tonne Liberal._ THIS DAY. " 80 BaloB Bolton Cotton Duck, 60 Do Raven's (Twilled). 81 Colla Manilla Rope. T Tentmakers, Sailmakors, Ironmongers, and Othors. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO . TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on lhursday, Octobor 28, at 11 o'clock, 80 bales Boston cotton duck, 1 to 10 60 do twilled Ravon's do 84 colls Manilla rope, 21 to 8J 16 dodo, 8 to 4in. The attention of tho trade is solicited to the abovo unxijcivcdtalc. Terms Llboral, THI8 DAY. 10 Liverpool-made Donblo-Barrel Guns. To Gunsmiths, Ironmongers, and Others. X17" EASBY and Co. will SELL by AÜG » I. o-TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-stroet west, on Thnrsday, October 28, at 11 o'clock, 10 Livorpool-mVo double-barrel guns, first make. ^______Terme-Cash FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29. Sheepwash Tobacco, \ Barrels, Cases, and Boxes. o Eqnatters, Storekeepers, Tobacconists, and Others, ¿ X\f EASBY and Co. will SELL by'AUO YY . TI ON, at their rooms, 88 CoIIlns.troet weat, on Friday, October 29, at 11 o'clock, » ^ 6 bhda sheepwash tobacco ; 864 barrels do do 41 thioo-quarterboxeadodo 26 cases halt-lb lump mlllo-flour 5 do Goodwin's yellow leaf do. ' ? The trade and squatters should not lose sight of the above unresorved salo of sheepwash, . _Terms liberal._ """"I FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. On the Australian Wharf, quarter before 11 o'clock Sharp. 3 ' 200 Bags Mauritius Bugara. ^ More or Less Damaged by Sea-water, and Sold for , Account of Whom it May Concern. : Ex Deux EJouards. < \ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W* EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUO-' 'a TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Fri- day, October, 29, at a quarter botoro 11 o'clock sharp, Ex Doux Edouards, 200 bagB Mauritius sugars. More or less damaged by sea-water, and sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reservo. > _Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29. 6,000 Bushels Californian Oats. 6,000 Do Do Barloy. 8,000 Do Calcutta Oafs. 260 BagB Danish Do. To Cornfaotors, Llvcry-stable Keepers, 'Storekeepers, ( and Others. T\r EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUC Y V . TION, at tholr rooms, 88 Collins- stroet west, on Friday, October 29, at 11 o'olock, 6,000 bushels Californian oats 6,000 do do barley 8,000 do Calcutta oats 260 bags Danish do, guaranteed. _Terms Liberal._ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. Without Reservo. , CO Trunks Very Buperior Boots and Shoes, (Bostook's Manufacturo,) i Jutt Landed. To the Boot and Shoo Trade, StorekeopcrB, and , Dealers Goncrally. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUO a TION, at tholr rooms, 38 Colllns-slroot west, on Friday, Ootober 20, at 11 o'clock, , 60 trankt of seasonable boats and shoes, manufac- tured by Bostock, only just landed, and tobo sold I Without tbo slightest reserve, comprising I W, 9 under, in triangle, SI, 22-2 trunks pogged bluohors < 28-1 do calf do (l \- 24-1 do patent lace shoes 26-81-7 dp light, Wuchers 811-1 do 1006 boots 82-35-4 do kip bluchers SCJ 37-2 do lace and bluchor boots 89, 40-2 do boys' Iaco do 41-1 do lace and kip bluchors 46-1 do women's cordovan boots 48-66-8 do do cloth goloshcd do 67<61-4 do do cashmere and cloth do 62-68-6 do do cordovan goloahod do, olaatlc and \- mernot do 69-1 do children's cloth goloshcd do 70-1 do infants'and oloth patent goloahod do 71,12-2 do children's cordovan do _74-77-8 do patent goloehod merool do 78-1 do youths' calf bluchor do 82-1 do patont goloshcd momel-lcg do 86-1 do kip lace boots, 1 to l8. The auctioneers solicit tho attentlonof tho trado to Ino above sale of flrBt- class boots and Bboea, all Boa tock's manufacture, and to bo sold without reserve, _.ern», Libéral, at Bale._ TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. ! Preliminary Notice. Kxtonslvo Sale of Brandie«, WinoB, Alo and Portor, 4c. Io Wine and Spirit Uorohants, Storekeepers, and 1 Others. Vjrr EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUO Y Y . TION, at their rooms, 83 Coiiins- streot west, on Tuesday, November 2, at 11 o'clock, An extonaivo assortment of wines and spirits, / ' brandies, Martell'a, Honnossy's, &c.; Old tom, ports, sherry, and clarets. I Also, Ate and Btout. [ Full particulars In futuro advertisement. | TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 7 Oases Rolls and Son's celebrated Floorcloths. To Fornituro Dealers, Warehousemen, and Others. Wi EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUO a TION, at their roomB, 88 Oollins-streot wosr, on Tuesday, November 2, at 11 o'clock, 7 csseB Rolls and Son's floorcloths, patterns of the newest designs, and landed In good order. " ?_Terms at Sale._ THURSDAY, NOVEMBER l8. ! Schnapper Point. Important and Unreserved Sale of 720 Acres of Land at Schnappor Point. I Farms. Farms. Eligible Building Sites, Commanding Beautiful Views i of tbo Bay. To Gentlemen and Morcbants Bequirlng Sitos for the Erection of Marino Villas, Capitalists Seeking Profitable Investments, or Farmers Requiring Modorate-Bized Farms of Rloh Agricultural Land. TKTl EASBY and Co. have been favored VV > With InBtrnotlons from W. O. Yuille, Esq., te BUBMlT'to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at theil rooms', 38 Col'.ins-streot west, on Thutsday, Noveru bor l8, at 12 o'clock, The following valuable Government sections of riel agricultural land :-* Being portion of Government eection 14, parish o' Moorrooduc. at Schnapper Point, containing 321 acres 2 roods 86 perches, situate adjoining Mr Hunter's pro emptlvo right, is half a milo fron the aea and the Tanti Hotel, and only 1 nilli from ' Schnapper Point jetty. Tbo position o thlB section Is most olevated, and commands do llghtful views of tho Bay end surroundlnf country. The soil ia of a rich agricultural descrip lion, beautifully studded with park-like timber and is in every respect a very valuable seotior fpr tho eroctlon of villas or as an Investment foi subdividing into allotments. \- . ' Lot2. Being Government section 22, parish of Moorro due, at Schnapper Point, containing 280 acres 2< perches, and adjoining tho north side of Mr Yullle's pre-emptlvo right. This section is of i particularly rich Boil, and for tho purpoio of at agricultural or dalry farm far excels any lam around this part of tho country, and for BUCI , would t)° Invaluable, boing wltbin ono milo < Schnappor Point. Lot 8. elng portion of Government section 17, parish o , Moorrooduc, at Schnapper Point. This lot li pal ticularly eligible for subdivision Into allotments being within 1 milo from Schnappor Point Jetty closo to the Tanti. Is very rich soil, lightly tin bored, % very elevated position, and is the re mainlng portion of tho soctlon of which th previous subdivisions woro sold by Mr, Yuille at from 101. to 281. per acre, and which havo sine changed hands at very high rates. The auctioneers particularly beg to call the ritten tion 'of gentlemen, capitalista, and farmers to th above important salo. The quality of tbo land is of goed agricultural description, clo\atod. and light!. timbered, and commands some beautiful sites an views ot the Bay ; and their Instructions aro todlspoi of the wholo without the slightest reservo, In consc quenco of Mr. Yullle's inmediato doporturo for Eng 3 ho terras will bo most liberal, via.-25 por cont cash, and the balance extending over ono, threo, an fivo years, according to arrangement, bills bcarln .percent. Interest. Plans may DO had, upon application, at the room of the auctioneers ; or, at tho .anti Hotel._ TBIS DAY. At the Stores of Messrs. Unrnack Brothers, 28 Flinders lane wost. To Families Furnlihlng, Furnlluro Dcalors, Fane Goods Merchants, and tho Trade Generally. Extensivo Sale of Valuablo and Elegant First-clas Furniture, now Landed, ex Recent Arrivals, In th Best Order and Condition. Ai Q: M'COMBB ia Instructed by Messn Í B Unrnack Brothers to SELL by AUCTION, a thtlr stores, No. !8 Flinders-lane west, on Thursday October 28, at 11 o'clock precisely, A largo and varied assortment of flrsl-classfnrnlturi eoTiststlng of i Rosewood planoforlos, Of very superior manufa< ' turo Mahogany sideboards Mahogany dining tables Do wardrobes, double and singlo Rosewood and mahogany couches and Dining and drawing room chairs Doublo wasbttands, marble tops, &c.; Chests of drawers, do Looking glassoB Marblo tables Bedsteads, cradles, _o. Children's sofas and bedsteads Toilet-drawers, In rosewood and mahogany Xmhroldercd sofa cushions Rosewood and mahogany loo and other Bookcases, canterbury, whatnots MeaUafcs, verandah strata And other furniture, too numerous to detail; Also, ¡A'large assortment of fancy gooda, including- i Porous bottles < Marble ornamonts Vases E 'J's tile-mats Balloons, Se. Tho auctioneer has much pleasuro In directing ti attention of the trade and private dcalors to tho aboi Important sale, the wholo of tho fumlturo havir been selected expressly for this market by a gentlema loi g acquainted with the colonial market The goods aro now roady for immediate Inspectie b) Intending purchasers, and will bo catalogued In few days. The terms and further particulars may bo obtalne en replication to the auctioneer._ TBIDAY, OCTOBER 20. To WIno and Spirit Merchants and Others. SOO Oases Claret. 200 Do Pale India Alo. 160 Do Marrott's Brandy. AG.M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTIO] . In his looms, Colllns-Btrcct, on Frida oaole-rîO at 11 o'clock, iOOcascEclaict if 0 do palu India ale HO do Marrctt'a brsndy. To Cloee Inrolccs. ÏBTDAY, OCTOBERS^^^"-11* To Grocers, Storekeepers, and others, A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION J\m in his rooms, COIIMB Btreot. on ünf!' OctoW 20, at 11 o'clock, ' on *T»». 20 cases assorted confectionary 10 do Wothorspoon's marmalade, In jars and lins 20 do primo hams and bacon. '.".«"««n» Full Particulars and Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. ~-~~* Unreserved Salo of SOO Small Boxes Brown Windsor and Toilet Bo»nir A ». M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION JA» in his rooms, Collins street, on Piu.V , toetöbor 20, at 11 o'olock, h on p'M*ïa ' SO boxes, each 7 lb, brown Windsor sotn 40 boxcB, each 8 dosen, toilet soap 100 boxes honey and Castile soap. No Reserve. FRIDAY, OOIOBER 20. "~~ 100 BogB (Moro or Loss) Damaged Hie«. 4 Tons Adolaldo Flour? ft 200 Bags Malt. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION JL. "in his rooms, Collins-.treit, on Frldar* October 29, at 11 o'clock, ' *m»j, 100 bagB (moro or ¡ess) damaged rice 1 tons Adelaide flour 200 bags malt To close accounts. No Reservo. FRIDAY, OOTOBEB.S0, ' 200 Boxes Price's Belmont Sperm Candle«. I 100 Do Nova Stearine Do. 10 Tierces Holstein Hams. A G.M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION JA m 'a his rooms, Collins-street, on FrhiaV October 20, at 11 o'clock. * * "mr» 200 boxes Prico'a Belmont sperm candi6» TOO do Neva stearino candles 10 tierces Holstein hams. To Close a Consignment. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. ~~" To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others 240 Boxes Maccaroni. 160 Boxe» Vermicelli. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION J%» in his rooms, Colltnutroet, on Fridar! atener 2», at li o'clock, * T"'" G. and Co., 80 boxes, each 26 lbs., long maccaroni 1(0 do, do 1!} do, do do CO do, do 12} do, fine vermicelli 1C0 do, do Vii do, do assortod samples. All in the finest order and condition. Terms at Balo._ """"" FRIDAY, OOIOBER 20. ~~" To Grocers, Dealors, and Otho». A G. M'COMBE will 8ELL by AUCTION, J\m ila bis rooms, Colllns-stroot, cn Friday. october 20, at 11 o clock, 10 cases Sinclair's Bolfast hams 20 barrels mess beef 20 cases whlto starch 140 cases, oach two dozon, 1 lb. lobsters 80 ottses (offhorn oil, in halt- pints 120 gosse French salad oil, in pints. _f To Oloao various Sales. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. To Wine Merchants. Unrcservod Sale of Portor. Silent Spirits, Port Wine, ko. áG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a jin his rooms, Collins-streot, on Friday, bor 29, at 11 o'clock, 20 casks Byaas's porter, oaoh 4 dozen IO do Morice, Cox, and Co.'sdo 1 qr.-cask Loman Hart's port wlno 1 hhd silent spirits 2 qr.-cask» brandy, duty paid A quantity of Booth's old tom And 40 cases Tooth's ale, _Ho Reserve._ THIS DAY. A Genera] Oloaring out Sale of Sundry Morchtndtse-, By Order of the Importer. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUO " | TION, at thoir mart, Bourko-atreet, on Thursday, October 26, at 11 o'clock precisely, A largo quantity of general merchandise, consisting Of 200 kogs of assorted nails, 1 inch to 8}, Including battens, Bhinglo, builder»'of sizes, io. 25 pairs of asBortcd.Bmiths' hollows 82 kegs of assorted tacks, very best quality 10 superior assortod sizo iron safes. After which, A rolscollanoous lot of locks, axos, hatchets, fell« Ing and wood axes, picks and shovels, carpen- ters' tools, halters, wiro dish covers, porcin slon-caps, fibre-brooms, hair brooms, bullock chains, regiBtor Btovcs, kitchen rangos, iron bedsteads, ita. Also, About 600 pairs of Indiarubber goloshes. | Terms-cash. No reservo, and tho goods to bo clcarod wltnln 24 i our» from timo ot salo. I ' FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. To Fancy Warehousemen and General DöJors, J LYONS and Co. will SELL -by PUBLIC a AUOTION, at thoir mart, Bourke-street, on Irriday, Octobor 20, at 11 o'clock, A largo quantity of gouoral mcrchandlso, consist- ing of Assortod stationery, account-books, mallet baskets, looking glasse«, toilet ned shaving glasses, inks, plcturos, porfumery, brushwaro, table and pooket cutlory, rotor», razor-cases, wax vestaB, Milo pipes. Alto a quantity of Gilt brooches, plated brooches, Fronch ¡braid combs, Berlin brooches, pocket ¡combs, side-combs, dressing-combs, ifancy soaps, Ballon' pocket-knives, buf- falo lock knives, fancy clay pipes, gent'« dressing cases, ladies' dresslng-casos and iworkbexes, writing desks, toa-caddles, silver lever watchos, geneva watches, small gold goneva watches, silver albert and guard chains, Bllver thimbles, pin bracelets, silver mounted bowls, stiver-mounted meerschaum pipos, teaspoons, agate bracelots, silk braldr, ¡ruby necklaces, portomonnatos, drinking flasks, tape measures, mirrors, pen and pencil 'casos, spectacles, ¿to. _'_Terms-Csh._ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. Immigrants' Boxes and Contonto. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUO « TION, at their mart, Bourke stroet, on fiiday, October 20, at 11 o'olock, A numbor of Immigrants' boxes and contonts. By ordor of Mr. Bowman, of tho Adolaldo Boarding house, King street. _Terms-Cash. _ FRIDAY, OOIOBER SO. G THOMAS and Oo. will SELL by ABC o i TION, on tbo Australian Wharf, on Friday, (j ti ober 20, nt 11 o'clock, A cargo of full cut timbor ox " Mayflower," from tho River Don. Specification as follows . 8 0C0 feet 3x2, lengthB from 7 to 20 feet 10.40Q do 4 x 2, do do 7 do 20 do 7,41)0 do 6 x 2, do do 7 do 20 do 500 do 0 x 2, do do 8 do 20 do 1,000 do » x 8, do do 7 do 20 7,000 do 4 x 8, do do 7 do 20 do 8 100 do 6 x 8, do do 7 do 20 do 11,000 do 6 x 8, do do 8 do 20 do 8,000do4x4, 5x4, 6x4, 0x8, and 12x8,1) to SO feet . , " i It e auotloneors would specially call the attention o 1 ha Irado to tho abovo cargo of hardwood, at It Is ol a tutorlor quality. NoBOBorvo. Terms- Oa»b. I FRIDAY, OOIOBER 20. £~i THOMAS and Oo. will SELL by AUO 1 'j-- TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Friday Octobor to, at 11 o'clock, 12 hardwood beams. 11 beams, 88 4,15 X15 1 do, 84 0,12 x 16. To bo cold for tho benefit of tho form or purchasers. 1 No reserve. Terms-Cash._ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1. 72 Rod Baltic Pino Logs. 1,200 Pipe Staves. To Timber Merobants, Contractors, and Others «TI THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUO IT, TION, at the Ballway Station, on Monday Novembor 1. at 11 o'olock, 72 red Baltlo pino logs; longthB, from 10 to 4, feots ; sizes, from 12} x 1*1 to 16} x 16} 1,200 pipo Btavos. i Terms, Liberal, declared at Bale._ POSTPONED UNTIL TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2 In Consoquenco of Gooda Not Being Landed. To tho Boot and Shoe Trado of Melbourne, Geelong, Castlemaine, Ballaarat, Sandhurst, se Balo of 200 Fookagos Superior-make Boots and Shoes, From the Celebrated Manufactory of DavioB and Son, London. Seasonable Fresh Goods, JuBt Landed, Ex norfolk, And Red Jacket. "DIGWOOD, SYDES, and Co havo rocetyod J) instructions from tho importers, Messrs. Wgv aalf Barbottlo, to SELL by AUOTION, at thek rooms, 10 Quoon- stroot, on Tuesday, November *,« 11 o'clock, , , 200 packages of boots and shoos, consisting oi Gentlemen's medium wellington boots Do light do Do prlnco do Do balmoral do Men's oluobor do Stockmen's lace do Youihs' calf blucher do Men's calf oxonlan shoes Gentlemon's bott do Ladies' kid top olastlc-side boots 1Do balmoral do Do cruhmoro do Do moiio antiquo do Womon's cloth do Girls'cashmore do Do colored do Do cordovan do Do cloth do Children's cashmore do Do colored do do Do do, patent fronts, do Do cordovan do Do kid top do Do best cloth do Do kid and morocco do Albert slippers Margate do Ladies' volvet do Do comblllo do Do embossed do. i*.i.-5i«i iniolondl 7ho wholo of the above aro juit landed. In »W» order and condition, and will bo positively «O'« Ihnriilav next, at 11 o'clock. Without reserve. " , Term» JJbirai, Dcclaïed »t D»>e. 