VICTORIA. Vtre take the following from various Melbourne papers of August 2 :— The returns by Escort from the various gold fields this week are much below the average, and exhibit a large decrease as compared with tlie returns for the corresponding week of issr The Rokcwood n;sli continues, hut the accounts are not so encouraging as at first. During the past week business has improved considerably. This may be attributed to large remittances and orders having come to 'hand from the interior. Inland stocks are known to be liiht, and, judging from th:* demand, there seems to be a scarcity of flour, colonial oats, iini] provisions. The Aiyiis says : — '?The transactions in the import market during the past week have been generally very limited. The uncertainty as to amount of shipments on tilt; way operates most unfavour ably on tlie markets, buyers continuing to purchase vpry sparingly. Forced sales have, generally speaking, been wisely avoided/and although the amount of transactions during the week has beeu individually small, the sales effected have been legitimate, as the goods purchased have passed into con sumption. The country demand (hiving the week has been brisk, and although the orders executed have comprised various kinds of goods, the chief amount of business done has beeu in spirits and other liquids. The stocks in second hands are bccniiiiiij? diminished by the improved up-country demand, aud it is therefore reasonable to infer that import erV: must shortly participate in the benefit arising from increased orders. Fiour and Grain. — Messrs. Thompson & Co. report as follows : — There has been a fair amount of business done this week iu flour and oats, but most other articles have met with little or no enquiry. The decline in the value of flour, reported last week, was early recovered in this, and sales close with a full advance of 1/. per ton on last quotations, with a fair demand, principally for the country. There is a good enquiry for wheat, but the supplies art-'so scanty that our millers are far from being fully occupied. For good samples top prices art freely paid ; inferior sorts are sought for at 8s. for feed. The demand for bran has considerably fallen oft', owing to the presence of green stuffs in tlie market. Small sells at from 2s. to 2s. Id. -, broad, 2s. .'id. Sales in oats have been ma-lu t-i a liberal extent, ehiplly for the interior, but owing to the addition to our present accumulated stocks of the Mary Itobiuson'K cargo from San Francisco, which only became fuily known in the beginning of the week, consisting of 37.000 bushels of oats ; u!so the arrival of the Kit Whitney in .Sydney, from the same phice. with about 2i),000 bushels oats and C.ciOO bushels barley, which cargo Ls report1.*) likely to find its wav to :his market, caused prices to further recede (id. per bushel, before sales could i;e effected of anv moment. The What Cheer ar rived on the 30th July from San Francisco with 1,3*0 bags oats aud 3,372 bags 'barley. The stocks are riiMly in low . hands, aud present priees :ire likely to lie well luafiitniued, unless forced. .Sales of S-jotch outs during the week have beeu made ut from 3s. io 5s. 3d. ; Irish from Ss. 3d. to 5S. Oil. ; Danish anil falifomian, including bags,n1 from 5s. fid. to 5s. !)().; colonial, or Van Diejiien's l^uuj, from Cs. to Us. r,tl. English and Cape bnrlev meet with little? or no enquiry. We quote them nominally ihe same, though lower price* would be conceded to meet 'buyers. The quantities of inferior de scriptions of mall now ollVrin.s havt- become -juito a drug; whilst choice simples command from 12s. Gil. to 13s., common runs have been said as low as 5s. per bushel. The Mills.— Tlu' amount of business transacted is reported as having been wry li;dit duriu«: tha past week, and previous rates have bivn barely supported, guotiitions are— lor first Hour 20/. to 21/. ; Iiaxall and Gnllego, 23/. to 23/. His. per ton ; bran, 2s. Id. to 2.s. 2d. perimshel ; wheat fi-eely offering at .«s. 4-1. to ss. 7'1. per bushel. The Wine, Spirit, and IfciT Trade— A considerable business has been done in spirits, at a shade last week's quotations. Duriij'- the past week several parcels of Martell's have cliaugci huutis at Us. 6d. l'ale brandies are scarce, and much inquired for. Tirst-class brands of case brandy are scarce Hum, now that the winter season is parriany'over, is not so much inquiriid for lu o.p. is worth 4s. 3d. and'so o.p. 5s. Favorite brands of old toni. in bottle, are in demand, and would reidily lirinjt from ins. fld. to 17s. Geneva, in half vases, is wanted. Whisky in bulk is -lull of sale, while stocks of case arc wry light. White wine is still wanted. Stocks of both port and sherry are light. The shipments of sherries for April are considerably over the awraci'. The Labour Market.— The Aryits says— 'The dulncss pre valent ill this market seems but to increase. The railway works were apparently expected to come into full operation at their commencement, and have consequently aitmctcil numbers of tilt unemployed and unsuccessful hawta from tlu ditrgiugs, to meet, unfortunately, with only further disap pointment. Tin; demand for all descriptions ol' servants— :i'j;rifultunil, rough labourers, and domi'Stirs— has ln';-n lii'hter liurina: the past wc;'k ihan for some previous period. Tradesmen, mechanics, ami skilled labourers jilso complain of suability to procure employment, anil indeed, own at. re duced i-iites of wages, situations are ditlicult to be obtained. Mr! James Warimin reports that no improvement has taken place during the past week, the demand for labour being smiill ami no permanent improvement will take place until the commencement of the busy st-uson on the sheep stations, wliich will be nearly two mouths; llu-ivibre the men must dot huir best for tliat short time. Mechanics remain in the same position, numbers unemployed, others partially. J-Vmalcs are abundant, but numbers who could be employed prefer to remain idle, rather Ihan take any reduction in Sloui-y. ? Iu tlie Stock and Shan; Market business has been didler than for some time past- The banks issue drafts 0,1 London at par at 0U days' sight, and 1 percent, premium at 30 ilavs' sight, and at sight, li per cent. Drafts against gold are purchased at 1 per cent, discount, lkites of discouut, s per cent on bills under 95 days, and 'J per cent, on bills from fla to 125 days' cun-oney ; over 125 days, 11) per oait ; overdrawn accounts, 12 per cent. , I-'ruin Mr KhuH's Circular. — Kxchangu on London. — Drafts a«uinst «old pureliused at 1 per cent, discount, 00 days sight. Freight 3d. to 7d. (Overland) per ounce. Deliverable at the Bullion Oiiice, Hank of lingland, London. Insurance li pel cent., and Overland, lid. per cent. 'Sale of Stock. — Two stations have chamrcd hands during the week The Maiden's Hill Station, ne;ir ISiiinbank, was disposed of by Messrs. .7. II. dough & Co.. with 10, Him) sheep, for 111,1000/. without improvements. Messrs. Dulmahoy, Campbell & Co. soVl ihe,Tiibiii Yall-.irk station in the Wcst.-in l'on jiisirict, witu 5ou cows at ol. los. each. The following are the latest prices of best flour at the country markets : — Albury, 3-2f. to 34/. ; Ararat, 2S/. to 31/. ; Ballar.it, 2(i/. : Ueudiwort.li, 34'. t-v :i5'- ? Castlemnine, 2s/. -, -jtic.h»ig 21/. ; Maryborough, 28/.. to 29/. ; Sandhurst, 28/. to 20/. Immigration. — Number of persons arrive.] ut Melbourne hy sea during the week ended 31st July, dctltical from tlie passenger-rate collected at the Customs :— From the United Kingdom, 72; New York, 41; San Francisco, 25 ; Calcutta, 15; Callao 1; Bordeaux, 1; l'ugot Sound, I: Australian olonics, 214. Total, 370. 