SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. HOBSON'S BAY. TIDE TABLE THIS DAY. - Low water, 2.20 a.m ; high water, 7.55 a.m. ; low water, 2.35 p.m. : high water, 8.30 p.m. April 6. - 6 a.m. : Wind W., fresh ; weather cloudy, with rain. - 5.30 p.m. : Wind S.S.E., light; weather clear, with passing showers. ARRIVED. April 6. - Wellfleet, American ship, 1,400 tons, Free- man McGilvery, from London, via Plymouth, 19th January. Passengers - cabin : Mrs.Richmond and child, Mrs. Hunt and child, Mr. and Mrs. Woolley, Mr. and Miss Thomas, Rev. Mr. Russell, Messrs. Davis and Smythe ; and 123 in the intermediate and steerage. De Pass Brothers and Co., agents. April 6. - Carin, Swedish ship, 952 tons, F. Matern, from Gottenberg 2nd January. Passenger - cabin : Mr. Berglund. Melchior and Co., agents. April 6. - Hougoumont, ship, 962 tons, J. Henry Dalton, from Hong Kong 29th December, via Sydney 25th ult. ; with 56 Chinese passengers. Westgarth, Ross, and Co., agents. April 6. - Swallow, schooner, from Port Frederick. April 6. - London, from Sydney April 3. Passen gers - cabin : Mr. and Mrs. Jackson and family ; Mr. and Mrs. F. Fowler, Miss Baker, Miss Lamb, Miss M. Lamb, Mrs. White, Miss Hilton, Miss M. A. Jones, Mrs. Souter, Mrs. Nardin, Messrs. T. J. Clarke, Young, Fallon, Knight, Manfred, Perry, Morey, Adams, Bell, and Robertson ; 14 passengers from Wilson's Promontory ; 51 steerage. Experienced strong S. and S.W. winds. SAILED. April 6. - Robertina, brig, for Adelaide. April 6. - Hindostan, ship, for Batavia. April 6. - Horatio, barque, for Sydney. April 6. - Drover, brig, for Adelaide. April 6. - Queen, steamer, for Launceston. ENTERED OUTWARDS. April 6. - Urania, schooner, 101 tons, G. J. Dodd, for Hobart Town. April 6. - Caribou, ship, 1,060 tons, J. Gubbins, for Calcutta. CLEARED OUT. April 6. - Royal Shepherd, s.s., 183 tons, W. H. Saunders, for Launceston. William Bayles and Co., agents. April 6. - Hindostan, Danish ship, 649 tons, H. Ban dixen, for Batavia, in ballast. Raleigh and Co., agents. April 6. - Caractacus, ship, 899 tons, A. Sinclair, for Callao, in ballast. Westgarth, Ross, and Co., agents. April 6. - Queen, s.s., 132 tons, John B. Black- burn, for Launceston, in ballast. McMeckan, Blackwood, and Co., agents. PROJECTED DEPARTURES. FOR ENGLAND AND THE EAST. - Victoria, R.M.S., to Suez, 15th April. FOR LONDON. - Heather Bell, 26th April; Essex, 15th May. FOR LIVERPOOL. - Royal Charter, 10th April; Shooting Star, 20th April; Eagle, 10th May. FOR SYDNEY. - London, 8th April. FOR HOBART TOWN. - City of Hobart, 14th April. FOR LAUNCESTON. - Royal Shepherd, this day ; Black Swan, 9th April. FOR WELLINGTON. - Jeanie Dove, on arrival of Eng- lish mail. FOR ADELAIDE. - White Swan, on arrival of over- land mail. FOR SAN FRANCISCO. - Harbinger, 10th April. FOR VALPARASIO, - Alfred, early. FOR CALLAO. - Oceanica, Esmeralda, early. FOR CALCUTTA. - Siam, 10th April; Caribou, 10th April; Reinhard, 15th April. FOR HONG KONG. - Cornwall, early. FOR MAURITIUS. - Banca, 8th April. IMPORTS. April 6. - Canin, from Gottenberg :395 standard deals, Melchior and Co. April 6. - Hougoumont, from Hong Kong, via Sydney : 1,200 jars oil, Gray, Marshall, and Co. ; 400 jars oil, 20 cases cigars, Fanning, Nankivell and Co. ; 14,997 tiles, 18,000 packages Chinese goods, Order. EXPORTB. April 6. - Royal Shepherd, for Launceston: 202 boxes candles, 22 barrels pork. PORT PHILLIP HEADS. April 6. - 8.30 a.m. : Wind W., fresh ; weather cloudy. - 5 p.m. : Wind W.S.W., fresh ; weather fine. ARRIVED. April 6. - Montezuma, brig, from River Mersey. April 6. - James Booth, ship, 636 tons, from Liver- pool, 141 days from Liverpool, via Gibraltar 14th January. Miles, Klngton, and Co., agents. April 6. - Astraca, American ship, 749 tons, from Boston. 93 days out. 21 passengers. Wilkinson Brothers, agents. April 6. - Mariquita, schooner, put back. April 6. - Zephyr, schooner, from River Mersey. April 6. - Jeame Dove, schooner, from Wellington. SAILED. April 6. - John Nussey, schooner, for Port Frede- rick. April 6. - Mariquita, schooner, for Apollo Bay. April 6. - Veloz, ship, for Hong Kong. April 6. - Squaw, brig, for Newcastle. April 6. - Queen of tlie East, ship, for Callao. PORT OF GEELONG. ARRIVED. April 5. - John Ormerod, from Adelaide. PORT OF SYDNEY. ARRIVED. March 30. - Cyclone, from Launceston. March 31. - Osterling, from Sourabaya; William and Martha, from Melbourne; London, from Mel- bourne. April 2. - Moa, from Auckland; Magœra, from Melbourne SAILED. March 30. - Susan, for a whaling voyage; Queen of the Avon, for Guam; Raven, for Launceston; Stag hound, for Adelaide, via Newcastle ; Wizard, for Manilla ; Queen of the Seas, for Hong Kong; City of Sydney (s.), for Melbourne. March 31. - Fernande, for Guam ; Avenir, for Pon dicherry ; Carrie Leland, for Adelaide vía New- castle. April 1. - Gertrude, for Dieppe; India, for Boston. April 2. - Sabina, tor Anatam ; Fortune, for Mel- bourne; Port Jackson, for Hong Kong; Wanata, tor Bombay. TIME-BALL.-MELBOURNE AND WILLIAMS- TOWN. Lat. 37 deg. 62 m. 42 s. S. Long. Oh. 89 m. 41-8 s. E. Drops at ono o'clock, moan timo; or 16h. 20m. 18'2s., Greonwich time. Tuesday, April 0. It. M. s. Time of drop . 1 00 00-0 No timo-ball at Moibourno. TIME-SIONAL.-LIGHTHOUSE, GELLIBKAND'i POINT. ¡The light is obstructed at 2 min. to 8, and reappear J at 8 p.m. moan timo, Tuosday, April 0. II. M. s. Timo of reappearance .. .. 8 00 00*0 GENERAL AVERAGE. (FROM MITCHELL'S MARITIME REOTSTER.) Putting asido all questions of average adjustment, marino insuranco, custom among merchants, ¡ca., a gonoral avcrago may be defined as an cqultablo ap Ïiortlonniont among the several sharers of a venturo n ropaymont of a loss sustainod by ono or more of thom In an attempt to protect tho common Interests of tho whole ; whilst "a general average Act" may be doftned to bo such a voluntary sacrifico of a part for tho common interest of tho whole as a man of fair judgment might be expected to make, when all other bettor moans of general preservation seem hopeless. Assuming both those definitions to be correct, wo have always found it not only difficult, but Impossible, to understand why, when a ship Is voluntarily run on ehore to avoid foundorlDg or total wrock, and when by such act the cargo is saved, although the ship be lodi, llio strandingshouldnot bo admittod, as botwoon the owner of the ship and cargo, as a goaeral average. The shipmaster, when ho voluntarily runs his ship o a shore, does so with tho full knowledge that some lo B more or less must rosult. This loss Is the present voluntary sacrifice which tho mastor makes of a pirt for tho common intorest of tho whole. The only point, therefore, to be established is, that the strand- ing was such a measure "as a man might be ex- pected to choose when ali other better means of general preservation seem hopeless." Can any ono serlouBly contend that, if'a sacrifice resulting from a voluntary stranding occurred, and a proper motive could bo proved to liavo actuated the mastor when tho ?stranding was determined on, thoro Bhould not bs made ''such an oquitablo apportionment among the several sharers In ropaymont of tho loss sustained by cno of them in an attempt to protect tho common intorest of the wholo?" Our attention has boon dlrectod to this subjoct by tho report of tho caso of tho ship Isabella, hoard bo foro the Supreme Court of the Capo of Good Hope. Tho facts aro briefly as follow:-Tho Isabella WAS Iylnc at anchor in Tablo Bay when a storm carno on, ned anothor ship, tho Ellen Hawson, drifted Into col- lision with hor, carrying away her Jlbboom, bow spilt, &c.; Tho master of tho Isabella, finding it impossible to get oloar of the Ellen Hawson, and fearing she would foundor, slipped the ship from her anchors, ran her on shore, and she was lost. Upon theso facts the question of gonoral ave- rage was raised, the owners of the ship claiming contribution from the ownora of tho cargo ; tho owners of the cargo repudiating the claim. Tho threo judges presiding, after a somewhat pedantlo roview of the pilnclpal ancient and modern autho- rities on tho subject, unanimously hold that " inas- much as the master of the Isabella had, with admittod judgment, run Ms ship on shoro in an attempt to savo tbo lives on board his ship and the cargo from im- minent peril, and Inasmuch as in such attempt the ship had boen lost, and tho goods had boen saved, the owners of tho goods must contribute to general avorago toward the loss of tho ship." This decision, though in diroct contradiction to tha praotlce in this country, is, ia our opinion, a just and oquitablo one; and it Is, moroovor. In strlot ac- cordance with the law as laid down hy Mr. Justice Story (and acceptod by tho American Courts) In the caso of the Columbian Insurance Company v. Ashby, in which tho Judge dooreod that " a. volun- tary stranding, followed by a total loss of tho ship, hut with a saving of tho caigo, constitutes, when de- signed for the general safety, a clear case of general avorage, in which the ownors of tho cargo aro liable to contribute for tho loss Incurrod by the ship and freight." Strangely enough, although tho practice in this country, tho geneiai rules of avorago adjust- ment, and tho custom among our merchants and ship- owners, are opposed to the principios laid down by Mr. Justice Story and tho Capo of Good Hope Judges, thero hal boen no doflnlto decision orTÇho quostion by the judges in England. It Is highly doslrable that this unsatisfactory stato of tho law on a subject of such importance to tho shipping and commerolal interests, should not be permitted to continuo, POST OFFICE NOTICE.-MAILS OUTWARD.-It is notl ' tied at the General PostOillco that mails will be made up for the undor-mentloned places, closing as fol- low« :-Oberon, for Port Albert, this day, 10.30 a.m. -"Lady Bird, for Warrnambool, &o.;, this diy, 12.80 p.m. ; White Swan, lor Adelaide, two hours after the ., arrival of tbo English mail; Royal Shepherd, for Launceston, this day, 9.80 a.m. The immigrants per Princess Eugenie, numbering 838, will bo recoivcd Into the Depot this day (Weot , nesday). They are all of the class termed " assisted," and consist of 83 marriod couples, 86-slngle mea, 109 siriglo women, 87 children, and 11 infants.: Pour deaths .ooourrod during the voyage.-two adalU, on» ,. ohUd/ind oaa Infant. . . ; ?ïho American ship Wellfleet left Plymouth oatho 19th .January. Captain M'Gtlvery had a Plymouth paper of the 18th January, but unfortunately was tirablo to flnd.lt.' We understand that tho Hoalth C Ulcer (Dr. Bobeitson) at tho Hoads obtatnod a paper cf tho samo dato from one of tho passengers. Tho Siam will sall for Calcutta with 91 horsos for the uso of the cavalry regiments in India, rihese horses have boon selected by Colonel W. P. Hobbins, and will reflect credit upon this colony. Among thom aro to be found some Uno animals, espe- cially tour handsome hays, with black points and long tails, vory porfoctly matched. Tho substantial fittings or tho stalls, and the gonoral caro displayed lu the other arrangomonts of the vessel, are sufHolent to warrant the oxpoetation that the horsos will bo landod at Calcutta in good condition. UNLAWFUL CONCEALMENT OF WRECTLAOE. - John Bright, John Simons, Honry Simons, and William Wardloy, mariners, appeared in January last before tho magistrates at Colchester, to answer an infama tlon proforrcd by Mr. K. Raggett, Bocolvcr of Cus- toms, for unlawfully secreting wreck of the sea, on the 80th Novomber, at Brlghtllngsca. Mr. Nock ap- peared for tho proseoution, and Mr. Goody for the défonce. Hr. Neck having briefly detailod tho facts of the case, callod Henry Hawkins, an officer of Customs, who proved that, on tho 80th November, between 11 and 12 o'clock, ho saw defendant's smack, the jliine ¡¡aria, approaching the guard-boat at Bright llngsoa, and upon his asking whether they had any- thing on board, they ropliod, "Nothing but fire- wood." Not being satisfied, ho procccdod on board to rummage the vessol, and found tho firewood tlioy spoko of consisted of a jibboom of a vossol cut up. no found part of tho bed cabin filled with cut rlg I ging, halt wot, Upon further search in othor parts, ho discovered othor rigging concealed, and in tho aft bod cabin, part of a jib, willoh, ho should judgo, belonged to a vessol ol from 120 to 160 tons burthen ; ho found tho romalndor of tho jib In tho forecastle, and somo moro wreckage, apparently tho jib sheets, under the cable. Ho asked defendants whoro tho articles carno from. Thoy Bald they did not know, and ho took possession of them.-Mr. Baggott provol rccolvlng tho artlclos into his possession, which, ho said, were certainly from a wreck, and wcro too largo to bo used on board defendant's smack. Ono of tho crew, not present, told bim that ho was sorry for what ho bad dono, and hoped ho would look over lt.-Sir. Goody addressed tho court In dofoncc, and contended that his clionts bad boen lawfully engaged in salvag- ing, and fully intendod to havo delivered up the wrockago to tho Rocelvor.-Mr. Gower said ho would toll them, as a nautical man, that defendants were bound to report tho wrockago as soon a3 posslblo, and li tlioy noglectod to do so, It became an illegal possosslou, -The Chairman said the bench had como to tho con elusion that the dofondauts wore guilty. Tlioy wero not sure that in awarding the penalties tlioy had determined to Impose upon thom they discharged their duty as thoy ought to do ; but they constdorod that thoro wore alloviatlng circumstances in the cwo, and that tho wreckage goods might possibly have boor plckod up instead of plunderod from tho vossol. Thoj fined John Simons, master of tho smack, 40s. ; Ilourj SlinonB, who had before boen convicted, 103. ; anc Wardloy and Bright li. oacli, with 9s. exponaos cach. Mr. Goody said, considering that tho Bondi were ap plj ing an Act for plundering to a case of salvaging, li hoped thoy would not think it offenslvo if ho tool the opportunity of making this a 6pcclal case of ap poal to tho Court of Quoon's Bonoh,-The Ohairnm sold thoy quite understood Mr. Goody's argument and were ol' opinion that thoro was no ground for an; appool ; but thoy would bo happy to havo their aot rocoii8ldorod by a higher tribunal.-Maritime Re giitei: >? 