Sales by Auction. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUO 0 TION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Fri- Day, October 22, at 11 o'clock sharp, The following goods, without any reserve, borne; on account of whom it may concern, viz. i' Ex Raven, 9 certificates, each 1 hhd. brandy, bonded 6th June last. Ex Alfred, S do, each 10 cases old tom, bonded 17th July last, Terms- Cash, and no Reserve. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. To Fancy Dealers, Toy Warehousemen, and the General Trade. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUG a TION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Friday, October 2!, at 11 o'clock precisely, The following goods, for unreserved sale, viz., Very handsome tortoiseshell tea caddies, laJlas' companions, gentlemen's writing-dusks, pocket companions, superior hair pins, in couple, mounted in again. and cornelian ; sister and plated shawl fasteners, tortoise shell card cases, superior portemonnaie, with clasps and private t purses complete ; elegant table lamps, assorted perfumery, gentlemen's walking canes, stereoscope cases, fancy Bohemian and other ware, assorted toilet and other glasses, colored and plain claret-glnesei, ladiea'carpet-bags, table and pocket cutlery, pens, penholders, assorted stationery, slate pencils, marbles, assorted toys, Walker's percussion caps, dressed and other doll-, wax vestas, in plaid boxes and tins, &c.; Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Important Unreserved Sale of 180 Packages 8-4 Greys, Drills, I Prints, Woollens, and Superior Ready-made Clothing, Ex the Royal Bride, &c.; At the Stores of Messrs. MILES, KINGTON, and Co., Merchants, 91 Flinders-lane west. To Wholesale Warehousemen, - To WooIIoEdrapcre, To Railway Contractors and tentmaker. To Country Storekeepers and Buyers for The Diggings and the Neighbouring Colonies. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been a favored with instructions from Messrs, Miles, Kington, and Co., merchants, to SELL, at their Stores, in Flinders-lane west, on Thursday, October 23, at 11 o'clock sharp, The following goods, selected expressly for this Kalket, SB in diamond, 1-16-15 bales 8-4 grey sheetings, 8 green and 16-26-10 do do do, 2 do do 3 28-86-10 do do do, red end 18-60-15 do do do, 2 red end. RO over MK & Co, M under, 1-9-8 bales 80 in. grey drills 1941-42 do 30 do do 12-11-8 do 72 do twills 16-18- 4 do 72 do grey drills 1936- 8 do 5-4 fancy prints. P E R in diamond, 3-7-5 do black superfine broadcloth 8, 9-2 do fine do do 10-4 do black and Oxford mixed melton 1], 12-2 do brown, steel, and mulberry do 1854-5 do superfine milled Venetians 16,10-2 do super fancy summer tweeds 17-1 do do oxford mixed do. M in diamond, 1-16-15 cases, each containing 24 dozen men's light drill trousers 18-18-8 demon's fancy tweedtrousorr, past F.F., straps, are. 19-21-8 do do fancy half-milled do do do 22-24-8 do do neat check tweed trousers 26,20-2 do do fancy west of England tweed do 27,2B-2 do do mixed tweed halt riding-vests 29,80 do delight Arabian lustre do 8], 82-2 do do padded drill Melbourne do 88-1 do do cricketing jackets 84, 85-2 bales Pilch's cricketing flannel. The auctioneers, s much pleasure in placing before the trade the above list of goods. the whole will be in view the day before the sale. Terms Liberal, declare i at Sale. THIS DAY. Footscray. Near the Railway Station. Sale on the Ground. J LONG has received instructions to a SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, Inmate at Footscray, near the Railway Station, on 5 Sunday, October 21, at 1 o'clock, The following properties, Lots. All that piece or parcel of land in section 18, Footscray, parish of Cut-Paw-Paw, containing half an acre. , Together with The cottage thereon erected, with the household furniture, chairs, tables, bedsteads, Co. The entire lot is under cultivation and well-stocked with potatoes, lettuces, cabbages, melons, onions, to. the property of Mr. Griffin. Lot 2. Two quarter-acre allotments in section 8, block 5, the property of Mr. Smith, These allotments are contiguous to the land for which the Government have awarded 100, per quarter acre for railway purposes. Lot 3. Two allotments near the Railway Hotel', the property of Mr. Armitage. V These allotments having corner frontages will be invaluable, either for business purposes or for specu- Jutson. ' Titles guaranteed and perfect. The Pride of the Yarra steamboat will leave the Queen's Wharf at half-past 11 o'clock (by which the auctioneer will proceed to convoy intending purchasers. Any further particulars may be obtained from the auctioneer, at his office, 28 Collins-street west. THIS DAY. On Cole's Wharf. 185 Bags Danish Oats. More or Less Damaged by Sea Water To Contractors and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by A TION, on Cole's Wharf, on IhurBd October 21, at 11 o'clock, 186 bags Danish oats. I Mora or loss damaged by sea water. And sold for the benefit of whom it may concern . No Reserve. _ THIS DAY. On the Premises, 41 King-street. ' One 16-horse Steam-Engine, with Complete Sawing Apparatus, To Timber Merchants, Founders, Contractors, and _ Others. 117" EASEY and Co. have received in state WV tions from Messrs. M'Arthur and West Nation to SELL by AUCTION, at No. 41 King street, on Thursday, October 21, at 1 o'clock, 12-horse engine, with tubular boiler 1 chimney, 60 feet high and 8 feet diameter 1 iron circular-saw bench, with planed top 1 upright deal frame, to cut logs with 13 saws do do, do do 1 large log mill to cut 4 feet deep, with SOiiws 1 saw punching machine 1 4-inch shaft, with six drums and pedestals 18-inch do, do do Belts, from 8 to 12 inches wide Saws, tools, models, timber rack, &c.; After which, The lease of premises and are. Further particulars may be obtained at the Bawra -ills. Ihecntliool the above machinery is in perfect working order. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. Prior to the Sale of Boots, l 2,078 Half-Chests Fine Congou Tea, TOjCrocers, Storekeepers, Speculators, and Others. "TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO VY TION, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Friday, October 22, at 11 o'clock, Prior to the sale of boots and shoes, v 70.12 204 half-chests fine Congou tea in. , 1628 do do 10-285 do do 17-105 do do i M-189dodO 21-05 do do 48-486 do do 3-42 do do. All good chops, and in fine condition. Terms Liberal, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2!. 16 Trunks Seasonable Boots and Shoes, from the celebrated House of James Davies and Sons. Ex Copenhagen. ! Without the Slightest Reserve. To the Boot and Shoe Trade, and Storekeepers of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballaarat, Bendigo, Ac W EASEY and Co. have received inatroo YY tions from Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street west, on Friday, October 22, at 11 o'clock, The following assortment of seasonable boots and shoes, Just landed on Coponhogon, viz. :-. P in diamond. under. 216 trunks and cases, consisting of Napoleon boots (light enamelled) Calf three-quarter boots Wellington boots Prince's boots, elastic side do. Mock balmorals Uemel calf enamelled goloshed cloth boots, superior A large assortment of blucher boots, light calf Do do stout kip and nailed Shooting, watertight, and lace boots Oxonian shoes, various months' and beyB' boots, do Women's leather lacing boots, branded Ladies' boots, black and colored cashmere, kid and cloth tops, heels, and elastic sides Patent calf and leather slippers j Girls' and children's boots and shoes Ladies and gentlemen's morning slippers etc, etc, &c.; The auctioneers would direct the attention of the trade to the above importation of really choice and seasonable goods, the whole of which are only just landed, are in fine order, and will be sold without the least reserve. Terms liberal, at Sale. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 88. ~~ A Splendid Assortment of Valuable Prints and Engravings. To Parties Furnishing, Picture Fanciers, and Others, W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AGO a TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Saturday, October 28, at 11 o'clock, A splendid assortment of prints and engravings, I in handsome gilt and maple frames. Terms and full particulars in future advertisement. MONDAY, OCTOBER 85. \- Land at North Elwood, Ormond Beach, Facing the Bay. to Gentlemen and Others in Search of Building Sites Suitable for Marine Residence. W EASBY and Co. have received Inefruc m tions from the trustees in the estate of the late li. B. Foote, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Monday, October 26, at 12 o'clock, The remaining unsold allotment of land in the above estate, being portion of Government allotment D and numbered on plan of subdivision 26, having a frontage to Ormond Beach of 68 feet, by a depth of 204 feet. This allotment is suitable for the erection of a marine villa, having an unobstructed frontage to the Bay, and adjoining the residence of - Blow, Esq., and to be sold Without reserve. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18. Schnapper Point. Important and Unreserved Sale of 720 Acres of Land at Schnapper Point. Farms. Farms. Eligible Building Sites, Commanding Beautiful Views of the Bay, To Gentlemen and Merchants Requiring Sites for the Erection of Marine Villas, Capitalists Seeking Profitable Investments, or Farmers Requiring Moderate-sized Farms of Rich Agricultural Land. W EASEY and Co. have been favored with instructions from W. C. Yuille, Esq to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, November 18, at 12 o'clock, the following valuable Government sections of rich agricultural land : . i Lot. Being portion of Government section 11, parish of Moorooduc. at Schnapper Point, containing 320 acres 2 roods 32 perches, situate adjoining Mr. Hunter's pre-emptive right, is half a mile from the sea and the Tanti Hotel, and only 1 mile from Schnapper Point Jetty. The position of this section is most elevated, and commands delightful views of the Bay and surrounding country. The soil is of a rich agricultural description, beautifully studded with park-like timber, and is in every respect a very valuable section for the erection of villas or as an investment for subdividing into allotments. Lot 2. Being Government section 22, parish of Moorro due, at Schnapper Point, containing 280 acres 24 perches, and adjoining the north side of Mr. Yuille's pre-emptive right. This section is of a particularly rich soil, and for the purpose of an. agricultural or dairy farm far excels any land around this part of the country, and for such would be invaluable, being within one mile of, Schnapper Point. . LotS. Being portion of Government section 3?, parish of Moorooduc, at Schnapper Point. This lot is particularly eligible for subdivision into allotments, being within 1 mile from Schnapper Point jetty, close to the Tanti. Is very rich soil, lightly timbered, a very elevated position, and is the remaining portion of the section of which the previous subdivisions were sold by Mr. Yuille, at from 10! to 28, per acre, and which have since changed hands at very high rates. The auctioneers particularly beg to call the attention of gentlemen, capitalists, and farmers to the above Important sale. The quality of the land is of a good agricultural description, elevated, and lightly timbered, and commands some beautiful Bites and Views of the Bay and their instructions are to dispose of the whole without the slightest reserve, in consequence of Mr. Yuille's immediate departure for England. The terms will be most liberal, viz. 25 per cent. cash, and the balance extending over one, three, and five years, according to arrangement, bills bearing 8 per cent, interest. Plans may be had, upon application, at the rooms of the auctioneers ; or, at the Tanti Hotel. on NOTICE. To Coal Dealers and Others, THE SALE of COAL will commence at 11 o'clock sharp. C. S. ROSS and Co. THIS DAY. " " Spruce Deals. White Pine Plank. White Pine Flooring. Pitch Pine Flooring. Spruce Pickets. CS, ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on Australian Wharf, on Thursday. October 31, at 11 o'clock, " 20,000 feet 3-inch spruce deals 28,000 do 2 and 3 inch white pine plank 100,000 do 18-inch W P. T. and G. flooring 80,000 do 16 Inch P, P. flooring 7,500 do 4 feet 8-inch pickets. The above is a superior lot of lumber, and landing: In fine order. Terms at Sole [ THIS DAY. Moulded Doors. Window Sashes. Carpenters' Clear White Pine. Thorough Do. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Thursday, October 21, at o'clock, 725 moulded doors 420 pairs window sashes 14,000 feet 2-inch carpenters' clear white pine 10,000 do 2-inch thorough do 10,000 do 12 and 2 inch P. P. step-bORrd«. The above goods are first quality, and landing in fine order. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. "~~ Coals. Coals. Coals. Coals. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on Raleigh's Wharf, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 200 tons A. A. Co.'s coals. The above coals are all landed, ready for delivery, and must be cleared away immediately. No reserve Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Baths. Baths. Baths. Baths. , CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AFC a TION, on Australian Wharf, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 800,000 4-feet sawn laths. : Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. " To Wine and Spirit Merchants. ) Unreserved Sale of ot 18 Quarter-casks and Hhds. or Booth's Old Tom. is. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, . In his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, ber 22, at 11 o'clock, 7 hhds. Booth's old tom, slightly tinged 11 quarter-casks do do. To be Sold Without Reserve FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22 To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, j Unreserved Sale or 200 Bags of Manilla Coffee. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, October 22, at 11 o'clock, 200 bags Manilla coffee, Duty paid. To be sold to close a shipment. Without Reserve. ~ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27. At the Risk of the Former Purchaser. < 20 Cases Raisins. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, ber 22, at 11 o'clock, 20 cases raisins. All more or less damaged. TO be sold at the risk of a former purchaser. Without Reserve FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Oil Merchants, and Others. Unreserved Sale horse Hhds. and Quarter-casks French Brandy. 240 Tins of Doubly-refined Oil. As G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, as - in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, .AT-Ä..^ at 11 o'clock, ~~ Lord-, -Sunder. Nos. to 17-10 hhds. of genuine French brandy Nos, 18 to 27-10 quarter-casks do do. , Also, M B äs Co, R O under, 00 cases, each 4 tins, of doubly-refined oil. All guaranteed in first-rate order and condition, and te he sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Without any Reserve, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. 100 Sheets Galvanised Corrugated Iron. 120 Iron Buckets. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, " in his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, October 22, at 11 o'clock, 100 sheets galvanised corrugated iron 120 galvanised iron buckets. No Reserve. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Sale of Oilmen's Stores, Hams, c. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, ber 22, at 11 o'clock, An assortment of oilmen's stores, Belfast hams, butter, and Full Particulars at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, October 22, at 11 o'clock, 72 barrels Dishor'a bottled ale 25 barrels Harper's do TO hhds. dark brandy, good sample 16 do pale do do 20 do Sherry and port wine 16 do W.I. rum. The attention of the trade is requested to this sale. Termi-Under'1002, cash at and above that amount, approved acceptances at three months FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. To Cornfactors, Grocers, Dealers, and Others. Large Sale of Cats, Bags, Suttor, Salt, Peas, Oil, &c.; G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a in his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, ber 22, at 11 o'clock, 1,600 bushels Limerick oats 26 bales corn sacks, 2-lb each 100 firkins Honan's double rose Cork butter, to land, ex Red Jacket 85 tons Liverpool coarse salt, to he weighed out 15 do do fine do 3 do rock do , B de St. Ube's do 24 barrels split peas, each 1 cwt. 145 dozen gelatine ICO do cod 14 cr oil 100 cases tobacco pipes. The attention of the trade is particularly requested to this sale, as the goods are to be sold to close consignment. Terms - Under £100, cash at and above that amount, approved acceptances at three months' date. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. 76 boxes Stearine Candles. 6 Tons Flour. To Close an Invoice. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a In his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, October 22, at 11 o'clock, 76 boxes Neva stearine candles, are. 6 tons flour. To close an Invoice No Reserve. A Oertel A G. M'C are a Andre SOON, at his re FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. ; Unreserved Sale of ' 22 Cases Cheese. At the Risk of the Former Purchaser. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, October 22, at 11 o'clock, RR, , 22caiosofcheeeo. At the risk of the former purchaser. Without Reserve. " FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. ~ Underwriters' Sale of \- - 278 Bars of Round Iron. I Slightly Damaged. ' G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, October 2!, at 11 o'clock, 171 bars round iron 107 do 5 do do. All slightly damaged by sea water. To be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Without Reaervo._<_ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. Sale of Land and Store at 127 and 128 Bourke-street west, Opposite St. James's Schools. To Merchants, Storekeepers, Warehousemen, and Persons in search of a Profitable Investment. 'COMBE is instructed by Messrs, i Andrew Hamilton and Co. to SELL by AUC- it his rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday, October 22, at 12 o'clock precisely, All and whole that piece of land having a frontage of 26 feet by a depth of 66 foot, and situated at 127 and 120 Bourke-street west (corner of William street), Together with The large and commodious store built thereon ; all at present in the occupation of Messrs. Hamilton and Co., merchants. The land has a from to go of 25 foot to Bourke-street, and is bounded on the west by a right-of-way 15 foot wide (which runs through to Little Bourke- street), along which the land extends 65 feet in a northerly direction; on the north by another right-of-way, dividing this property from that of Heap Brothers, along which it extends 26 feet; and on the east by brick buildings, corner of William and Bourke-streets, alone; which it extends 65 feet. The store is one of Robertson and Lister's host Glasgow made corrugated iron stores, two stories high, and is of the following dimensions, viz., 22 feet, frontage by 44 feet deep, and 22 feet to the caves. His lined throughout, and has substantial flooring?, the upper one being supported by cast-iron pillars. The ground floor is capable of storing a large quantity of goods, and the upper story, which can be used for similar purposes, is at present fitted up as offices, sample-rooms, &c.; From thecloaoproximlty of his property to the Wharf, Mount Alexander Railway Terminus, the Exchange, the wholesale warehouses ofour!cadlngmercl>auts,&a;, it offers advantages to purchasers rarely motifs, as Its convenient situation will always command tenants from among our importers and merchant princes, and the rents highly remunerative as an Investment. At present the store is worth, at the lowest estimate, £20. per annum, and this rent could be readily ou tained, The store is also in first-rate order and condition, and may be inspected by intending purchasers at any time between this and day of sale. , The auctioneer can, therefore, confidently recommend this property to the attention of all persons requiring a safe lucrative investment. The title is perfect and guaranteed. Terms-One-fourth cash ; balance at six, nine, and 12 months', hearing interest. - THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28. At the Stores of Messrs. Unmack Brothers, 28 Flinders-lane west. To Families Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, Fancy Goods Merchants, and the Trade Generally. Extensive Sale of Valuable and Elegant First-class Furniture, now Landed, ex Recent Arrivals, in the Best Order and Condition. , 40\. M'COMBE is instructed by Messrs. . Unmack Brothers to SELL by AUCTION, at stores, No. 28 Flinders lane west, on Thursday, October 28, at 11 o'clock precisely, A large and varied assortment of first classfiirnlture. ( OBBlltlhg of Rosewood pianofortes, of very superior manufacture ' Mahogany sideboards Mahogany dining-table Do wardrobes, double and single Rosewood and mahogany couches and sofas Dining and drawing room chairs Double washstands, marble tops, so. Chests of drawers, do Looking glasses Marble tables Bedsteads, cradles, &c.; Children's sofas and bedsteads Toilet-drawers, in rosewood and mahogany Embroidered sofa cushions Rosewood and mahogany loo and other tables Bookcases, canterbury, whatnots Meatsafe, verandah seats And other furniture, too numerous to detail. Also, A large assortment of fancy goods, Including Porous bottles Marble Ornaments Vases Table mats Balloons, &c.; The auctioneer has much pleasure in directing the attention of the trade and private dealers to the above Important sale, the whole of the furniture having been selected expressly for this market by a gentleman long acquainted with the colonial market. The goods are now ready for immediate inspection by intending purchasers, and will be catalogued in a few days. The terms and further particulars may be obtained on application to the auctioneers THIS DAY. /' Schnapper Point 51 Acres 3 Roods 37 Perches, Subdivided Into Convenience Allotments of 1 Acre Each. "NXT M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by YY s AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, October 21, at 12 o'clock, 21 acres 8 roods 57 perches of land at Schnapper Point, being portion SI, beautifully situated, commanding a fineness of the Bay, Queenscliff, &c; ~ Lithographic plans of! the above property, which has been carefully subdivided into allotments of about 1 acre each, may be obtained at the rooms of the i auctioneers.' ' THe Crown granite the vendor. ) Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Sale of Valuable Freehold Properties at Northcott, ' And in Murphy's Paddock, fronting the Gardiner's Creek road. I "fir M. TENNENT and Co, have received V V instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, October 21, at 12 o'clock, also following valuable freehold properties, situate! in Murphy's paddock and at Northcote. Lots. A splendid felt for a villa residence, being lot 14 subdivision of Murphy's paddock, having a frontage of 40 feet 6 inches to the Gardiner's Creek-road, by a depth of 150 feet, and adjoining the corner of Yet r street. i 3be auctioneers especially call the attention of speculators and others to the solo or this allotment, it having been fixed by the surveyors as the site for the terminus of the Suburban Railway. Title unexceptionable. ' Lot 2. Being allotment 10, section 15, situated at North colo, and containing 1 rood. Lot 6. Being allotment. season fy floated at Heathcote containing 1 rood. This' is a valuable corner allotment fronting the Creek, and a magnificent site for a country residence. Lot 4. ting allotment 12, section 6, situated at Northcote, containing 1 rood, and fronting Cunningham street. i Title, Crown grant. Terms at Sale. on-----.-.- m THIS DAY. Northcote, Important to Gentlemen Requiring a Villa Rea Eden M, Publicans, Speculators, and Others. Sale of that Magnificent Freehold Property, Situate at Northcote, on the Plenty-road, consisting of Eight Allotments, each One Rood, upon which is Erected The Northcote Hotel, Also, W Handsome Villa Residence. M. TENNENT and Co. are instructed 9 by Alexander Walker, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, October 21, The whole of this valuable property, situated at Northcote, on the Plenty- road, on this side the Merri Creek and Toll-bar, and about 2 miles from the post office. Lots. One rood, No. 1, section 16, on which is erected The Northcote Hotel, built of bluestone, slate roof, inside plastered, greater part fitted with cedar. It contains bar, 20 feet by 10 feet 3 Inches; taproom, 20 x 183; entrance hall, 8 feet wide ; two parlors, each 14 x 12 ; two parlors, each 12 x 12 ; two bedrooms, each 14 x 12; two bedrooms, each 12 x 12 ; one boy room, 18 x 8; attacbedkitchen, 14fcot8incbca,xl8; servants'-room, 14-foot 8 inches x 8 feet 8 inches; also an excellent collar, 20 feet x 18 feet 8 inches; out-buildings, eight-stall stable, and loose box, and the requisite outoffices. The entrance and yard are enclosed with frame gates I and 6-feet Btrongboarded fencing. Lot 2. Two allotments, each 1 rood, being Lots 2 and 17, Sections adjoining lots. Lot 3. Three allotments, each one rood, being lots 8, 46 and 15, section 16. Upon lot it is erected a Handsome Villa Residence, built of bluestone, front stuccoed, slate roofed, and all plastered inside, A spacious verandah round the front. The house contains entrance hall ; drawingroom, 17 ft. 6 in. x 16 ft., with cornice, marble chimney-pieces, French windows; diningroom, 1844; breakfast-room, 16 x bedroom 164; 2 bedrooms, each 12ft, 6in. x 12 ft. ; 1 storeroom, 12 ft. 6 in. 17 ft. ; also, kitchen, 18 x 14: servants' bedroom, 15 x 7; stables and coach- house, and other requisite outbuildings. The front is enclosed with a palisading fence, the sides and back with a three-rail paling fence. The garden around the house is in excellent condition, and well stocked with choice shrubs, flowers, &c.; Lot 4. Two allotments, one rood each, being lots S and O, motion 16. A plan of the property is now on view at the rooms of the auctioneers, where cards to view may be obtained. Title guaranteed. Terms Liberal, at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. 1 Fair French Burr Millstones, XJCT M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by for a AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns- street, on Friday, October 22, at 12 o'clock, I] pair French burr millstones, In metal frame, complete, for grinding coffee. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. 80 Tons Prime Potatoes. XKT M. TENNENT and Co. are instructed TY to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, October 22, at 12 o'clock, 80 tons prime potatoes. Terms at Sale FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. 75 Trunks Hoppe's Celebrated Boots and Shoes, Ex Swiftsure. 14 Trunks Peter Mackintosh's Boots and Shoes, Ex Forganhall. "117" M. TENNENT and Co. have received V V W Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Friday, October 2?, at 12 o'clock, 75 trunks Hope's celebrated boots and shoes, Just landed, ex Swiftsure, 14 do Mackintosh's do do, ex Forganhall, consisting of 7 trunks wellingtons, berth and square edge 4 do prince George, do do 2 do hessians, do do 2 do enamel elastic oxfords 4 do calf and lace oxfords 8 do men's canvas elastic oxfords 4 do blucher boots 6 do boys' boots, branded I do top-boots, patent tops 4 do women's and girls' leather boots 4 do drab merino boots 8 do ladies' merino, cashmere, and balmoral boots 10 do patent slippers, rounds 12 colored merino balmoral! 0 do men's kip blucher and clarence boots 3 do boys' lace boats and bluchers 4 do women's cloth and elastic boots d do maids'' cloth and kid boots 2 do calf side spring boots. The attention of the trade is particularly called to this most seasonable and well-assorted invoice, The quality will be found, on inspection, to be really first rate. ' Terms, Liberal, at Sale. MONDAY, OCTOBER 25. Entire Cargo of the Eolus, from Memel, " 10,818 Primo Red Deals. At the Australian Wharf. To Builders, Contractors, Timber Merchants, and Others. WM, TENNENT and Co. are instructed a - by the importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, October 25, at 12 o'clock, The entire cargo of the JEoluR, from Memel, consisting of 8,641 prime red deals, 12 x 6, from 12 to 27 feet 160 do do dead-ends, do, do do 2000 do do deals, 9 x a, do do 45 do do dead-ends, do, do do 104 do do deals, 9 x 4, do do 164 do do do, is X i, do do 1,505 do do do, 6 x 3, do do 1,020 do do do, 7 x 2 5, do do. Tots 10,818 dealt. Terms at sale. The quality of this cargo IS such as is seldom imported into Victoria, having been selected with the greatest possible care, with a view of suiting the requirements of the market. Observe-12 o'clock sharp, at the Australian Wharf. MONDAY, OCTOBER 25. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Entire Cargo of the Frances, from Calcutta. 8,000 Bags Finest Patna Table Rice, each 1 Cwt. 2,871 Bushels Cleaned Oats, 3-bushel Bags. 1,000 Bags Gram, each 1 Owt. 2,000 Bags No. 1 Fine White Cossipore Sugar, each 1 Cwt. TVT M. TENNENT and Co. have received YY instructions from the importers, Messrs. Dennistoun Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, October 26, at 12 o'clock, The entire cargo of the Frances, from Calcutta, consisting of 8,000 bags finest Patna table rice, otch 1 cwt, 2,871 bushels cleaned oats, 3-bushel bags 1,000 bags gram, each 1 cwt. 2,000 bags No. 1 fine white Cossipore sugar, each 1 cwt. Terms, liberal, at sale. The whole of this cargo will be available for delivery from the Railway Shed on the day of sale. The trade are invited to inspect samples at the rooms of the auctioneers. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 27. Postponed to Allow tho Sugars to be Available for Delivery. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Entire Cargo of the Adriatic, from Mauritius, consisting of No. 1-405 bogs, Belle Vue 2-426 do, do 8-31 do, Fair and 4-05 do, L'Unito 6-310 do, Schoenfeld floOd, Boauplaco 7-679 do, Cote D'or 8-807 do, Belle Vue 8 1,084 do, Beau Rivage 30-160do, Bellevue 11-608 do. Beau Rivage 12-416 do, ConBtanco 13-160 do, L'Untte 14-260 do, Etoile 36-984 do, Belle Vue. In al) 0,804 Bags Mauritius Sugars, or qualities ranging from Medium to First Counter, Bright complexioned Crystals, the. XXI M. TENNENT and Co. are instructed Y Y . by the importer to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, October 17, at 12 o'clock, The entire cargo of the Adriatic, from Mauritius, consisting of No. 1-405 bags Belle Vue 2-426 do, do 8- 81 do, Fair and 4- 90 do. L. Unite 6-300 do, Schoenfeld li- 60 do, Bcauplace 7-679 do, Cote D'or 3-17 do, Belle Vue 0 1,084 do, Beau Rivage 10-160 du, Belle Vue 11-608 do, Beau Rivage 12-416 do, Constance 3-16 do, L'Onlte 14-260 do, Etoile 86-084 do, Belle Vue Total 6,804 bags Mauritius sugars. Samples from bulk will be on view at our rooms on and after Monday, and the attention of the trade in respectfully called to this well-assorted cargo, The qualities range from good grocery to really first counters, hrlght- coniploxioned crystals, ka. ' Terms, Liberal, at Sale, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Important Sale of First-class Wines. I Ex Swiftsure and Other Vessels, "TUT M. TENNENT and Co. are instructed BY a by Messrs. Graham Brothers and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their stores, 01 Little Collins-street east, on Tuesday, October 20, at 12 o'clock, A choice assortment of really first-class wines, from the well-known house of Messrs. Todd, Beatty, and Co., Adelphi, London (late Todd, James, and Co.), consisting of Ex Essex, 2 butta very superior old pale sherry 10 hhds, 20 quarter do do, Ex Swiftsure, 10 hhds. of characters superior old pale sherry e Miss. 16 quarters" Yery "Parlor sold cows sherry, I , ji\Lso>^_ rs Claret book, champagne, Sparkling moselle, all of first vintages and quality. And, United Vineyards, Sozerao, and Australian Com- ponj'jbrondlis. Terms at sale. Esrr pit can be seen at the stores of Messrs. Graham Brothers and Co, the day prior to the sale, Collin SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28. To Booksellers, Stationers, Readers, and Others, WM. TENNENT and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Saturday, October 28, at lil o'clock, ? 4 cases valuable books, including works by Macaulay Curgen Sir Walter Scott Maldon Lever Carlyle Dickens . Sydney Smith Sir F. Head Chambers Prescott - Byron and Southey. I Also, a number of beautifully-lUustrated works. worthy the attention of buyers. Catalogues in room on day of sale, No Reserve. THIS DAY. Immigrants' Luggage Boxes. Q GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by ATC HQ. TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, O Collins-street east, on Thursday, October 21, at 12 o'clock, 20 immigrants' luggage boxes, and sundry other goods, Without Reserve. ~~ THIS DAY. Immigrants' Luggage Boxes. GRAHAM and Co. will SELLbyAUC-| TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, GI Collins-street east, on Thursday, October 21, at 12 o'clock, 20 immigrants' luggage boxes. Terms cash. Without Reserve. on FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. Valuable Grocery Premises, corner of Ferrers-street I and Emerald-street, Emerald Hill, In the Estate of Mr. D. Bonico. By Order of the Trustees. To Capitalists, Speculators, Grocers, and Others. S GRAHAM and Co. are favored with in instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises on Friday, October 22, at 2 o'clock prompt, 1 One of the very best sites on Emerald Hill, with the shop and premises thereon erected, situate at the corner of Ferrers-street and Emerald-street, closed to the Railway Station, lately occupied by Mr. D. Service Intending purchasers are requested to inspect the property, and notice its position, as the auctioneers' instructions are to sell to the highest bidder. ' Title guaranteed. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22. . To Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. By Order of the Trustees of Mr. D. Service. The Stock-in-Trade of Groceries. S GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AOF a, TION. on the premises, corner of Ferrers-street Emerald Hill, on Friday, October 22, at 12 o'clock! sharp, By ordered the trustees of Mr. D. Service, The whole of tho grocery stock, Including tea,! sugar, coffee, candles, soap, tobacco, dates,! of currants, biscuits, sauces, oils, pickles, salt oatmeal, flour, sago, split peas, spices, said dines, lobsters, brooms, soda, scales, weights, I counter, shelves, scoops, to. Without reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Agriculturists, and Others. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on! Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, I 80 Scotch ploughs, with fittings complete and extras. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Builders, and Others. Kitchen Ranges and Register Grates. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL jtx by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen- street, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 0 cases of kitchen ranges, register grates, &c.; Terms at Sale. '" THIS DAY. To the Ironmongery Trade. 10 Casks Ironmongery, Tools, and Cutlery. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL j by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen street on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, of 10 casks assorted ironmongery and tools, corns prizing Axes, adzes, and tomahawks Planes, saws, chisels Fit and circular saws Scotch, screw, and shell augers Cutlery, assorted ; pen and pocket knives. Terms at Sale """ THIS DAY. To Oil and Paint Marchant's, sodawater Manufacturers, and Others. 100 Casks Whiting. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL JA by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 100 casks whiting, from 2 to 3 cwt, each. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. A ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL jfV by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen street onThursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, I 100 hhds. Tooth's Burton are, in splendid condition, and in lots, to suit purchasers. Terms at Sale. ; THIS DAY. To Builders and Others. Galvanised Iron and Tacks. A ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL BY by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen- street, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 10 tons galvanised corrugated iron, 6 and 7 feet lengths 10 cases asserted tacks. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, OCTOBER 25. To Drapers, Outfitters, and Others. 30 Cases and Bales of Drapery, Slops, We. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, Monday, October 26, at 11 o'clock, 30 cases and bales of drapery, slops, &c;, consisting of Miller' and drab mole trousers Tweed do do Alpaca coats Beaufort ties Figured Circassians Alpacas 9-8 light prints Brown and colored cotton half-hose Women's white cotton hose Men's white shirts, so. , Full Particulars and Terms at Sale. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 23. To Parties Furnishing. . Gala upon the Premises, Esplanade, St Kilda, of Very Superior Modern Household Furniture, Piano forte, Plated Ware, Paintings, c. I A ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. have re jtV coived Instructions from N. Riordan, Esq,, to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence (adjoining - Bronckhurst'a, Esq ), Esplanade, St. Kilda, opposite Kenny's bathing ship, on Saturday, October 28, at 1 o'clock precisely, The whole of his very superior household furniture, comprising the usual Dining and drawing room requisites Cottage Pianoforte Electro-plated ware Valuable paintings and books Bedroom furniture Kitchen utensils Poultry, Sus. Particulars at sale. Terms Cash. PRELIMINARY NOTICE, Sale of! Valunb of Building Allotments, In Hoddle street and Ryrie-street East Collingwood, And in Bendigo street, Prahran. ALEXANDER YOUNG and Co. have been favored with irctiuclimuj from the proprietor UBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their rooms, on an early Day, soon as the surveys are completed, , Unless previously disposed of by private bargain, The following very valuable properties, situated in populous and improving g districts, and forming most promising investment to capitalists, builders, and others, desirous to obtain a central piece of land, at a cheap rate, to build upon : \- Property No. 1. All that piece of land in the parish of Jika Jika, county of Bourke, being pai.ofsoetlon 80, and lots 80 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 16, 19, 18,10,20, according to the original plan of subdivision, having a frontage of 100 foot to Hoddle-street, and 800 foot to Ryrie-street, near Johnston- street east, Collingwood. This property is now being sun eyed, and cut up into building allotments, particulars of which will be given in a future advertisement. Property No. 2. All that piece of land, situate in the parish of ] Prahran, county of Bourke, being part of section No. 43, having a frontage of to the west side of of Bendigo-street of 206 feet by a depth of 80 foot, also a frontage to a road running parallel to Bon digo-street of 482 foot by a depth of 80 feet and on the cost side or Bendigo-street, another piece of land, with a frontage to Bendigo-street of 340 feet by a depth of 50 feet, and on the east side to 1 a road running parallel to Bendigo-street, a frontage of 426 feet by a depth of 80 root. These properties are like Ino being subdivided into building allotments, and will be more particularly described in a future advertisement. Plans, with every Information can be obtained at the offices in Queen-street. Terms very liberal. Titles Perfect. THIS DAY. China Preserves. Do. Crackers, Batty's Half-Pint Oil. Tobacco, ; Case Brandy. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUG. Jj TION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 21, at Uo'clock, i 100 cases of China preserves, each 0 Jars 126 do do crackers 160 do Batty's half-pint salad oil, each 6 dozen i JJ a- 20ft T",nnv'ani1 Co's Pale brandy SOO do GegnaVYlenx* " I 260 do key brand gin 200 do JDKZ do do ; 100 casks Byass's ale and porter 70 kegs of tobacco, Dunlop's twist 22 cases of bone] cow tobacco, each 8 boxes, 11W lump. By Terms at Sale, 1 _ Avcmoinmns' sones. * X|7E have this day ADMITTED Mr. D F Y WARD COHEN late of the firm of Francis and Cohen) as a PARTNER in our business as awo trousers and general brokers. The business will be carried on as heretofore, under the style of FRASER and COHEN. FRASER and COHEN. 14 Collins-street west, Melbourne, October 1, 1868. THIS DAY. Patna Rice. Neva Stearine Candles. Feast's Pint Vinegar. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AFO X TION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 1, 200 bags fine Patna rice. 0, 18 chests, each 12 boxes, Nora Stearine candles 116 boxes do do 40 cases FeaBt's pint vinegar. Terms, Liberal, at Sale THIS DAY. 100 Cases Pim and Co.'s Burton Brewery India Are. TjlBASBH and COHEN will SELL by AUO Jj TION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, , 100 cases of Pim and Co.'s celebrated Burton Brewery India are. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 1,709 Barrels Gallego Flour. ex Telegraph, from New York. Unreserved Sale of Flour. FRASER and COHEN have been favored us with instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at clough's Wool Stores, Collins street west, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 1,704 barrels of fine Gallego flour, guaranteed. The auctioneers beg to inform intending purchasers, speculators, and others, the above superior parcel of Boar must positively be sold, as Messrs. Clough i require the space for the approaching wool sales. Terms Under 100., cash; above that taro, approved bills at three months. THIS DAY. 20 Crates Gingerbeer Bottles. FRASER and COHEN Will SELL by AFO JTj TION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 21 9 at 11 o'clock, < Without reserve, 20 crates of gingerbeer bottles. Terms at Sale. E THIS DAY. 800 Bolts of China Bed Clock Matting. BAKER and COHEN will SELL by AUC _ TION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, SOO rolls of China red clock matting. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ZO Cases North Wilts Choose. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, Without any reserve, 20 cases of North Wilts cheese. Terms at Selects *~ THIS DAY. 180 Cases Assorted Oilmen's Stores. Just Landed, Ex Morning Light. E BASEs and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, SO cases assorted Jams, 1-lb., 2 dozen 16 do do, 2-lb., do 88 do pint pickles, assorted, do 17 do 1-lb mustard, do 20 do quart pickles, assorted, do 18 do pint oils, do 10 do half-pint do, 4 dozen 10 do walnuts, 2 do 12 do assorted sauces, do 16 do tomato sauce, horse-radish, and mushroom catsup. 6 do chutney, 4 dozen Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 26 BalOB Fine Rent Hops. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 25 bales fine Eont hops. For positive sale. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 260 Boxes Price's No. 1 Belmont Candles. 200 Do Hare's British Sperm Do. 200 Do Do Patent Do Do. Do Do Do Carriage Moons. E SABER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 260 boxes of Price's No. 1 Belmont sperm candles 200 do Hare's British do do < 200 do do patent do do 60 do do carriage moons. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Dugong Oil. To Chemists, Druggists, Medical Men, and Others. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUO XI TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, October 21, at 11 o'clock, 8 cases of the celebrated Dugong oil. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28. Unprecedented Opportunity. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Others. first-rate City Property. FRASER and COHEN have been favored us with instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, Collins-street, on Thurs day, October 28, at 12 o'clock, The following valuable city property : Lots. All that magnificent pile of buildings known as the Original Scottish Hotel, at present in the occupation of Mr. Frencham, at a yearly rental of £000. This splendid property has a frontage to Bourke-street of 66 foot, by the noble depth of 137 feet 6 inches. Lot 2 has a frontage of 10 feet to Bourke-street, by a depth or other frontage of 120 foot to a street leading from Bourke street into Little Collins street, on which is erected an iron store. Lots has a frontage to a street leading from Bourke street to Little Collins street of 05 foot 6 inches, by a depth of 68 feet. The auctioneers, in calling the attention of intending purchasers to this sale, have only to remark that it is seldom so valuable a city property is offered to public competition, being one of the best business sites in the city, and being substantially built. Title guaranteed. Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale THURSDAY OCTOBER 28. Unrivalled Opportunity for Investment in City Property, situate in the Centre of Collins street. To Capitalists, Bankers, Merchants, Speculators, and Others. "FRASER and COHEN have been favored JP with Instructions from the proprietors to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, October 28, at 12 o'clock, All that valuable and centrally-situated allotment of land, having a frontage to Collins street of 85 feet 2 inches by a depth of 170 feet, on which is at present erected Three Shops and Dwelling-houses. Stabling, Coach- houses, and other Outbuildings, bringing in a rental of 600 per annum. This Splendid allotment is situate immediately adjoining the Mechanics' Institute, and opposite the Argus office. The auctioneers, in requesting attention to the sale of the above property, have only to mention the following facts vis, that the situation is unchanged, being In the very heart of the city; that it ID Impon done to obtain any other frontage to Collins street with such great depth and altogether the present offers an opportunity for investment which wlllraroly, if ever, occur again. Terms, liberal, declared at Sale. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8 Valuable Freehold Property, situate in Napier-street, ' Collingwood. By Order of the Mortgagee and Official Assignee of the Estate of W. G. Grave. FRASER and COHEN have been protracted JJ to OFFER to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, November 8, at 12 o'clock, Without the slightest reserve, All that valuable allotment of land, having a frontage to Napier-street of 88 feet by a death of 08 feet, with right-of-way on each side of 20 feet. On the above allotment is erected a handsome and commodious family residence, replete with every convenience, and comprising Ground-floor. entrance-hall, 8 feet wide Diningroom, 16 feet by 20, feet high, fitted with expensive register stove and marble mantelpiece Drawingroom, 16 feet by 20, feet high, do do Breakfast parlor, 18 feet by 12, 12 feet high, do do Three bedrooms, 18 feet by 12, feet high. Up stairs Three large bedrooms, 14 feet by 16 foot Uno storeroom, 12 feet by 8 feet Kitchen, 10 feet by 18 feet Storeroom, 7 feet by 7 feet, fitted with holes, so. Pantry, properly fitted with drawers, &c.; a verandah round the back of the house, and enclosed washhouse Two-stall stone stable, and coachhouse, with hay- loft i Large tank of brick and stone, capable of holding 80 tons water Iron palisades, and carriage gates to front on- I trance. The auctioneers, in calling attention of purchasers on the look-out for an eligible family residence, con flour this a first-rate opportunity for Investment, on the above property is in excellent repair, well finished in every way, situated In one of the most healthy localities of this city, and they can with confidence recommend it as being in every way suitable for a family of respectability. To he positively sold to the highest bidder. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, City Property By Order of the Executors In the Estate of Mr. L. Dcaizer. FRASER and COHEN have received in P structions from the executors of Mr. L. ) mother, to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuesday, Novom , ,.," " *'.2 o'clock, J graphic map of? PACEY of sand waste In Hay- I MUttftpltcawj^ Lonsdale-street, having a | ward lane, on .. -4 5s 11 5 ft 2 frontage to raid Hay was a-.-. series ! Inches by a depth of 40 feet, with two wuuuvu I homes creiUdihcuon i Pi r positive sale. christain, TUESDAY NOVEMBER; """5 For Positive and Unreserved Sale, to Close aParlneM ship Account. of Valuable Allotments In the Faat-incrcailni? Munt. cipalltyof8t. KUda. B " FRASER and COHEN have been favored us with instructions from the proprietors to SUB. ElT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at the Mart Collins-street, on Tuesday, November 8, at 12 o'clock, ~ The following valuable block, having a frontage to Inkermann and Hotham strode, subdivided as follows: Lots. A corner lot, having a frontage to Inkermann road of 40 feet, by a depth or other frontage to) . Ocean-street of 60 feet, to a right-of-way of KJ feet. Lots 2 and 3 have each a frontage to Inkermann-road of 40 feet by a depth of 90 foot to a right-of-way 20 feet wide. Lot 4 has a frontage of 40 feet to Inkermann-road, by a depth or other frontage to Hotham-street of 1195 feet. , Lots 5 to 12 have each a frontage to Hotham-street of 62 feet 3 inches, by a depth of 81 feet. I Lots 18 to 20 have each a frontage to Chusan street of 62 feet 3 inches, by a depth of 81 feet. 1 Lots 58 to 80 have each a frontage of 52 feet 3 inches to Church street, by a depth of 65 foot. Also, Six valuable allotments, each having a frontage of. 68 feet 6 Inches to Cassell-street, by a depth of 140 feet. Those lots are in immediate proximity to the St. Kilda and Brighton Railway. Title, Grant from the Crown, The auctioneers, in calling attention of intending purchasers to those valuable freeholds, In this pro« greasing locality, have only to state they are most positively to be sold without reserve to the highest fodder. , - Terms-One-fourth, cash ; the residue by bills at three, six, and nine months, bearing bank interest. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18. Valuable City Property. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Persons seeking Firsts clasS and Safe Investment. Important Sale of One of the Finest Mercantile Free parties in the City of Melbourne Positive Sale to Close Partnership Accounts. FRASER and COHEN have been favored with instructions from Messrs. H. W. Farrar and Co, to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their mart, Collins-street, on Thursday, November 18, at 12 o'clock, The whole of that extensive and magnificent property, situate in Bourke-street west, at present the occupation of Messrs. H. W. Farrar and Co comprising merchant's stores and offices, bunton an area of 60 feet frontage to Bourke street, by the very great depth of 150 feet some inches, on which is erected a bluestone two story stone, each floor 68 feet by 83 feet, and upon the whole of the remainder of the land there is erected a brick one-story store, capable In all of storing 4,000 tons of merchandise. Also, First-class offices, replete with every convenience for carrying on extensive business transactions. The auctioneers, in bringing this superior freehold before the public, have to call particular attention to its central situation, being in immediate proximity to the stores of D. Moore, Esq. ; Messrs. Flower, ' M'Donald, and Co. ; Heape Brothers ; B. and P. Turn , bull : R. Towns and Co. ; Joshua Brothers ; Swire Brothers ; Wilson, Nephew, and Co. ; Henriques,', Brother, and Co. ; Montefiore, Graham, and Co. ; Dnt-. pity, Cruikshank, and Co, and others. In fact, this is one of the very best mercantile business premises in Victoria, being well and faithfully built of stone and brick, with slated roof throughout. They do not deem it necessary to do more than ask intending purchasers to inspect the prcnilios.aml to bear in mind Its close proximity to the Railway For minus of Victoria, consequently no fast increasing; values of .. Fl and 0 are instructed positively. to sell to the highest bidder. In consequence of the demise of Di the partners it must positively be sold, for tho purpose of bringing the partnership accounts to a dole. Cards of inspection to be had at Fraser and Cohen's auction mare, Collins- street. Title guaranteed. Terms A portion or the purchase-money to remain on mortgage ; the residue, one-fourth, cash ; balance by bills at three, six, and nine months', bearing bank interest. MONDAY, OCTOBER 26. Important Sale of Williamstown Property, at Williamstown, By Mr. Stubbs, Viz. Lot 1\. Ann-street, equi-distant between the New Wharf and the proposed Railway Station, being the) Williamstown Chronicle office, and buildings. (Part of allotment 20 of section 2 ) Lot 2. Plot 84, in the plan of subdivision of part of allotment No. 10 of portion 2, in the parish of Cut Paw Paw. Lot 8. Plot 1, do do do. To Captains of Ships, Speculators, Shopkeepers, and! Tradesmen, who may be desirous of securing a good status In a first-rate situation at Williamstown, pro ions to the opening of the great triplicate ima and the Patent Slip. MR STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor to SUBMIT to PUBLIC AUCTION; and down to the highest bidder, on the ground. Williamstown, on Monday, October 25, at 12 o'clock; precisely, Three, All that excellent freehold property, having 80 foot frontage to Ann street, and now occupied by W. B. Stephens, Esq., editor and proprietor of the Williamstown Chronicle for five J years, at the yearly rent of 800 per annum. Second, All that piece or parcel of land, being a corner allotment, situate in Marine street, parish of Cut Paw-Paw, Lot 84 on the plan of subdivision of part of allotment 10 of portion 2, CO feet frontage to the Bay. Third, Corner allotment, also having CO (cot frontage to Hobson's Bay ; frontage also to Marian-street, by 132 feet, more or less, No. 1 on the plan of BUDD division of part of allotment 10 of portion 2, h Note-The public scarcely require to be reminded of the price which property in Ann-street will ultimately realise, it being almost the principal thoroughfare in the town the new wharf and the Patent Slip being at one end, or nearly so, and the Railway Station is to be erected at the other. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10. "" Preliminary Notice. Sale of, Valuable Property Between Flemington and North Melbourne, By Order of the Trustees, Viz - No. JAH that allotment or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement, 2 acres and 2 roods and 20 perches, parish Doutta Galla, allotment No, 25, of portion 10. No. 2. Also, all that allotment or parcel of land, containing by admeasurement, 2 acres, parish Doutta Galla, allotment 20, portion 18. These allotments have special recomm sandstone-. They are old selections, and of large dimensions compared with the modern ones. MR. STUBBS is favored with instructions to SUBMIT the same to PUBLIC COMPETE 1, on the ground, on Wednesday, November 10, at 12 o'clock precisely, According to a plan of subdivision by J. Walker Esq , full descriptions of which will appear so soon as the survey shall have been completed, Terms Liberal, at Sale. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 27. Important Notice. To Timber Merchants, Railway Contractors, Speculators, and Others. OGILVIE and ROBINSON have been favored with Instructions from the proprietors of the Apollo Bay Company to sell by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, October 27, at 12 o'clock precisely, The whole of their very valuable plant, saw-mill apparatus, tramways, jetties, are" situate no Apollo Bay. To enter into a full description, and to do justice to this splendid property, would exceed the limits of as ordinary" advertisement. The agents will, therefore, confine their remarks to a brief description of it, and intending purchasers may learn further particulars on application, or by a personal inspection of the properly itself, for which purpose tickets will be granted for passages per i vessels proceeding to Apollo Bay weekly, The Jetty Is 635 feet long, 15 foot wide, strong and substantially built, and runs out into 10 feet water; and such are the facilities for loading or discharging, that vessels can take In a full cargo In two day s, The tramways, which in all are upwards of 5 miles long, are strong and securely laid down, running from the jetty to the family, and from them into the forest. The timber is of the largest and best description of The mill is driven by water-power, conveyed to 16 by a race upwards of one mile and a half long, drives two circular saws and one a vertical do, and is capable of driving more. The building improvements consist of manager's] house and storeroom, men's houses, carpenters' shop?, blacksmiths'' do, engineer's and miller's house, stores rooms, stables, Se. There is also a 100-acre paddock, securely fenced and partly under crop, and half an acre of ground fenced in for a garden. The working stock consists of 88 working bullocks, with drays, bows, j yokes, chains, ita, 5 superior views draught horses, timber carriages and trucks, 4 bran winches, 2 large cranes for loading. Boats, c, consisting of 3 large loading-punts, 4 small boats, 60 fathoms scoring chain, 2 large anchors. Also, The schooner Annie, 100 tons register, with sails, boats, anchors, chains, well found, and in full working order. The stock of timber now on the ground, ready for market, can be taken at a valuation. The agents, considering comment quite unnecessary would request intending purchasers to impress the property and judge for themselves and should sufficient inducement offer, a steamer will be lal J on for their accommodation, of which due notice will be given. Terms Liberal. ~ SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28. At 2 o'clock. St. Kilda, in close proximity to the New Railway Station. 20 Valuable Allotments, 66 x 144. EM CABLE has received inBtrwiions to SELL by AUCTION to the highest bidder, on the ground, as above, on Saturday, October 16, at 3 C 22 fine building allotments, being a subdivision of portion 248 East St. Kilda, adjoining the residence of Wilberforce Stephen, Esq, barrister-at-law, and other influential inhabitants, close to the site or the New Railway Station, ' went positively to be sold without reserve ,. ' Snibson and free conveyances will leave I the stones 'outside and De Carte, his Ellkboth-itreotf» will o'clock on morning if Bale. Title, Crown Grant, xwmiWbew, 