. I Sales 5s Auction. THIS DAY. Malt,' Malt. To Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by J\\. auction, at their roomB, Queen street, on Tues day, 27th inat., at eleven o'clock, 200 bags malt. To be aold in lots to suit purchasers. THIS DAY. . 80 Tons Coarse Liverpool SaH. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by XI. auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 27th instant eleven o'clock, 80 tens coarse Liverpool salt, in 2 cwt. baga. ??? To be sold in lots to Euit purchasers. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. 8 Hhds Ration Sugar. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. To Brewerp, Dealers, and Others. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO., will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Tuesday, 27th Inst., at eleven o'clock, 8 hhds brown ration sugar. To bo sold for the benoflt of whom it may concern. Terras— oaah. TIII3 DAY. 504 Boxes Neva Stearine Candles, Ex Wellfleet, from Londoa. For the Benefit of All Concerned. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by auc XX tion, at their room?, Queen street, on Tuea. day, 27th inst , at eleven o'clock, E. and Co. in diamond, -within square. ? 63 chests, containing 504 boxes Neva steirine candles. All more or loss damaged by saltwater, Ex Wellfleet, irom London. To be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms — cash. ' THIS DAY~ To Storekeepers, Grocers, Etc. Herrings, Ling Fish, Butter, Cheese, and Salmon. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by XJu auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Tuesday, 27lh inst,, at eleven o'clock, D, ? 27 cases Dunlop cheese 20 do American do 15 do Lochfiue herrings 55 cases ling fish, each 1 cwt SO fl-kius D R Cock butter SO cases 2 lb salmon. To be sold to close consignments. Without reserve. THIS DAY. For the Benefit of All Concerned. 95 Boxes Blue. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by jLX auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Tues day, 27th. iusfc., at eleven o'clock, Ci-osb in Triangle, 95 boxes thumb blue. Without reserve. Postponed till THURSDAY, 29 tu APRIL. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. 350 Cases Feast's Oilmen's Stores. A. LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by _/jl auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Thursdry, 29lh inst., at eleven o'clock. Ex Wellfleet, 350 cases Feast's oilmen's stores, just landing. Full particulars of which will appear on morning of sale. Terms at sale. Postponed till THURSDAY, 29th APRIL. 4U0 Boxes Candles. For the Benefit of All Uoucernod. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by auc Xi-tioti, at theic room3, Queen Btreat, on Thursday, 29 th inst., at eleven o clock, D. W. H. 400 boxes Australian sperm candles, in 1 lb packages. All more or less damaged, and to be sold for the benefit of all concerned. Without reserve. Terms— caBb. FRIDAY, 30lh APRIL. In the Insolvent Estate of John Connell. To Ironmongers, Dealers, &c;, &c.; V LEXANDER YOUNG and OO. have been in XX structed by Edward Courtney, Esq., official assignee, to sell by auction, at the stores of Mr John Conaell, Elizabeth street, opposite the Colonial Bank of Australasia, on Friday, 30th iust., at eleven o'cIock, The whole of his stock-iu-trade, fixtures, consisting of— General irnmongery : Long and short bundle shovels and forks Manilla rope, Bengal twine Shop twine, wool sacks, and bags. Provisions : Butler, flour, salt, tea, sugar, coffoe. And miscellaneous goods too numerous to parti cularise. Terms — cash. MONDAY, 3rd MAY. To Painters, Glaziera, Chemists, aad the Brush Trade in General. 30 Cases Assorted Brushware, Combs, and Spouge. A LEXANDER YOU.sG and CO. have been in XX structed to sell by auction, at their rooms, Queou street, on Monday, 3rd M-vy, at eleven o'clock, K over Co., and R over M in crossed cirole. § 55-60- 6 cases (single aad solid) roach shoo brushes, in seta 61-G6—6 do Irish broomheads 67-69 — 3 do Adelaide and winged scrubs 70-75—6 barrels alder broom bandies 78—1 do, containing hat and clothea brushes, combs, hair gloves, &c;, &c.; 79.80 — 2 do banister and hearth do 81-82—2 do knife boards and powder 83—2 do horse, bit, and dandy do 27-30 — 3 do scrub and dandy do Also, 76 — 1 case fine small toilet sponge 77 — 1 do honeycomb do do. The above goods, from the colebrated house of Kent and Co., are just landed ; they have been seleoted fir thiB market, are in splendid order, and will be sold. Terms at sale. THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers and Others. Imporlant and Uureserved Sale of Sugars. Ex Pauline and Splendido. To be Sold on Account of Whom it may Concern. By Order of the Agents of Messrs Ker and Co., of Manilla. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions Iroin the agents of Messrs Ksr and Co., of Manilla, to sell by auction, at their uew rooms, Collins street, iton Tuesday, 27 th iust, at eleven o'clock, Ex Pauline from Manilla In bond. Z 23D1 bags Zeba sugar M 4874 do Pampanga. Bx Splendido. Z 4853 bags Zeba sugar. Terms — under £100, cash, gabove that sum one fourth cash, and balance by approved bill at three months. N.B. —A portion of the above sugars have been rebagged iuto gunnies, full particulars of which may be obtaiued from the auctioneers. To be sold without the slightest reserve for the benefit of all concerned. The whole of the above sugars are lyiug at the bonded stores of Messrs Fauning, Nankivell and Co., Spencer street, and intending purchasers are requested to inspect the bulk previous to the sale, as the Sugars will bo sold r.s they rite from the pile. 9'1 THIS DAY! To Ironmongers, Sbip-Ciiiiudlers, Storekeeperf, and Others, 200 Coils Best English Brown Oakum. SYMONS and PERRY will sull by auction, at their new room?, Collins street, on Tuesday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, WithoutreBerve. 200 coils best English brown oakum. Terms at sale 91 galm fij) Auction. ? THIS DAY. To StabiekecperP, Corn Dealers, and OtberB. 36 Casks Danish OatB. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auolioD, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 27th inBt., at twelve o'clock, 300 buBhels Danish oats. Terms at Bale. 95 THIS DAY. Manilla Rope. Ex Pauline, from Manilla. For the Benefit of all Concerned. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the agents of Messrs Kor and Co., of Ma nilla, to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, (After the sale of sugars,) A 580 packages Manilla ropo M 532 do do W 48do^do. ^ ' Terms at sale. Without the least reserve,' 9 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Refined Sugar. QYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at their IO now rooms, Collius-streer, on Tuesday, 27th inst. at twelve o'clock, 60 hhds refined loaf rugar. Terms at sale. 96 THIS DAY. Indian Rope, Log Line?, Yarns, and Spun YarnB. After the Sale of Sugars. SYMONS and PERRY will Bell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 27 th inst., at tw«lve o'clock, H in diaraond.Jover'jT. 3 coils Indian rope, 14 inch 23 do do, 2 do 10 do do, 2i do U do do, 2i do. S. 1 bale log lines leadlines Hambro' do 25 coils 3-Bpun yarn 25 do 4 do do 11 do 2 do do 27 do 3 do do 8 do 3-yarn spun yarn 4 do 3 do do 31 do 4 do do 12 do 4 do dn. Terms at sale. 96 TfllS DAY. Mauritius Sugar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Positively to Close Accounts. SYMONS and PERRY will eell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuasday, 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, 750 baga yellow counter Mauritius sugar. Terms at sale. To close accounts. 9S THIS DAY. In the Supreme Court of the Colony of Viotoria Fi. Fa. Foster, jun., v. Train and Others. Bennett and another v. Same. Nye v. Same. NOTICE is bsreby given that the Sheriff for the Colony of Victoria will cause to be aold by public auction, at Messrs Symoos and Perry's auc tion room, Collins Btreet, on Tuesday, 27th April, at twelve o'clock, All the right, title, and interest of George Francis Train in and to the following valuable proper ties : — 1st. The unexpirc-d term of a leaBe (being seven months, more or less,) of all thai piece or parcel of land situate at Saudndge, near Melbourne, part of South iMelbournc, County of Bourke, and Colony of Victoria, being part of lot No. 5 ot section No. 1, commencing at a point on the southern boundary ot said lot 5, distant 83 feet 6 incheB east from the south west corner of said lot; and bounded on tho west by other part of said allotment, bearing norih 90 feet; on the north by a private road or way 12 feet wide, bearing east GO feet ; on tbe east by another road or way 33 feet wide, bearing south 'JO feet ; and on the south by the Beach, bearing west 60 feet to the commencing point. 2nd. The unespired term of a lease (being 124 years) of nil that piece or parcel of land, situate, lying, and being in the city of Melbourne, being part of lot No. 1 of section No. 5, bounded on the south by FlinderB street 43 feet, on the east by lot 2, on the north by lot 2», nnd on tho west by other part of lot 1, with the blue stone store, &c;, erected therpon, now in the occupation of defendant. Terms— cash. 93 THURSDAY 29th APRIL. To Storekeepers, Boot Mnkers, Dealsrs, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY, will sell by auction at their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, 23th inst., at twelve o'clock, A Selected assortment]of boots and BhoeB, &o.;, con sisting- of : — Men's 8 inch watertight Do lace do, tipped aud sprigged Do bluchers do Women's leather boots, hods Do cloth do patent goloshed Do do do, pumps enamelled fronts Do caphmero, do do do Do cloth, plain goloshed heels Girls do do do Childrena do do do Youths' luce boots, tipped and sprigged Boy's do do Girl's lined leather boots Children's do do strapped Do enamelled do do Women's lined basil slippers Do best cordovan slipper welts Do cloth both welts and toe cap?. Terms at sale. 9C WEDNESDAY, 5 th MAY. ' Valuable Properly on the Saltwater Hirer. Cole v. Ryan. In Equity. SYMONS and PERRY are instructed by the Master in Equity to sell by auction, at their rooms, Collins Btreet, on Wednesday, 5th May. at twelve o;clock,. All that piece or parcel of land, containing 1 aore 2 roods 33 percheB, being lot No 5 on plan of subdi vision of part of allotment No 9, section No 15, pa rish cf Cut Paw Paw, adjoining Footsoray on the Saltwater river. This property ia immediately adjoining the soap and candle factory, late the property of Mr A. E. Cohen, by whom it was purchased at auotion on the 27th November last, but who having failed to com plete his contract, and having become insolvent, the property is being resold under the tenth condi tion of palothen used. Fur particulars of title, apply to Messrs Selwyn and Klingouder, solicitors, Chancery lane. Apian may be inspected ?.t tho rooms of the auc tioneers. 95 WEDNESDAY, 5th MAY. To Farmers, Persons Seeking Investments, aad Others. Valuable Farm of 158 Acres of Rich Agricultural Land, situate at the Darcbin Creek. Q YHONS and PERRY will soil by auotion, at their O now room?, Collins street, on Wednesday, 5th May, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, being portion 1 of section 12, parish of Wollcrt, situate about thir teen miles from Melbourne, near the Dercbin Creek, and containing — 158 Acres Of Rich Agricultural Land ; Sixty acpes of wl'ich hus already been under cnlti vatioo ; and there is also erected on the above a r.omfortable arfd substantial stone house of two rooms, dairy, stock yard, &c;, &c.; Tbe whole of the land is fenced, and there aie also good waler holea on the ground. 'J itle, grnnt. from the Crown. The nudioiif its wUh to call particular attention to the above valuable f-.rm. situated near tho Har vest Home, on tliu Ui-p*-r Plenty road, only a short distance from Melbourne The soil ia of the very fiu?st description, and Mure has been upwards of £i0C0 already spent on the improvements. The main road from Melbourne leading to this property I as been very extensively repaired and here is bow a good road at all (seasons. Terms liberal, declared at Bale, 91 Salrft.Sj) auttton. ? ' THIS ' \Y. To Contractors, Builders, at.1 the Trade Generally. /1EORGE THOMAS and CO. will sell by auction, VT on Tuesday, 27th inst., on the Australian Wharf, at eleven o'clock, A splendid cargo of blue gum timber, Ex Hercules, Consisting of the following selection— 29,000 feet 6x3, lengths from 10 to 2f- feet 2.C0O do 6x2, lengths from 10 to 24 feet 2,000 do 5x14, lengths fromJ12 to 18 feet And about 6,000 feet 4 x 3 and 4 x 2. The above invoice of timber is all full out, and first rate quality, and of lengths rarelj to be met with. No reserve. Terms— caBh. 05 THIS DAY. To Storekeepers, and Provision Merchants Potatoes. Potatoes. Potatoes. GEORGE THOMAS aud CO. will Boll by auotion, on Tuesday, 27th inst., 6 tons of splendid red potatoes, from Port Darlington. Guaranteed of good quality. To bo Bold without reserve, at tho New Dock, at 11-30 a.m. 916 PRELIMINARY NOTICE. V. D. L. Free Stone. /~i EORGE THOMAS and CO. will sell by auction, \JT on an early day, ot which due notice will be given, About 200 cubic feet of Hobart '..Town free Btonc, various sizes. 926 THIS DAY. At Twelve o'Clook. Ireland's Corner, S'=. Kilda, For Positive and Unreserved Sale. In consequence of the Owner's Removal. That Desirable Two-Story Family Residence belonging to, aud in the occupation of, R. D. Ireland, Esq., Situate Corner of the Brighton and Alma Roads, St. Kilda. To Private Families, Capitalists, Hotelkeepers, and Others. WM. EASEY and GO. have received instructions from R. D. lrelaod, Esq., to sell by auction, v t their rooms, Collins btreet, on Tuesday, 27th lust., at twelve o'clock, All that piece of land, situate corner of t'j3 Brighton and Alma roads, tvnd known aa Ireland's Corner. having a frontage of about 147 leet to the Brighton road, by a depth of about 130 feet. Upon this land ia erected That first-rate family residence, comprising — Ground Floor Plan : Handsome vestibule, spacious hall and stair-case, dining-room, three bed rooms, &e.; One-pair Floor Plan : Handsome drawing-rooms, two bed. rooms, &C.; Detached on Ground Floor : Kitchen, laundry, servant's room Two-stall stable, coach-houso Fowl house, &o; , &c.; Tank contains 10,000 gallons water This house hrvs been built without regard to expense, aud in its arrangements every convenience has been effected as regurdscointort, &c.The; position of thispro perty is unrivalled, it commanding asplendidviewof the Bay and the surrounding country, and which views can never be built out. It has noble frontage to the Alma and Brighton roads, and any additions to the house can easily be made, fro-» tho great space of ground at present unoccupied. To any person of enterprise, tbousanda might be made out of this property by erecting a large hotel or fur nished residence, As the house now stands, it is admirably adapted for the residence of a private family. As this valuable property will bo sold without the slightest reserve, parties will fiad it their inter est to attend tho Bale. Plans of the property can be seen at tbo rooms of the auctioneer, aa also cards to view the house. Title unexceptionable. Terms— One-Uiird caah, residua by billa at six, nine, twelve and eighteen mouths. ? THIS DAY. At Twelve o'Clook. Farms. Farms. Farms. On the Gardiner's Creek, About Seven or Eight Miles from Melton, Fronting the Creek, and near Mr M'CIuro's Property on tho Great Dandenong Road. To Farmers, Small Capitalists, Newly-Arrived Emigrants, and Others Anxious to Obtain Comfortable Homesteads. 100 Acres of Fine Agricultural Land, Subdivided into Farms of 8 and 10 Acres e»ob. TXTM. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at YY their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Tues day, 27th inst., at eleven o'clock, 3 farms, each containing from 8 to 10 acres each, and having a frontage to Gardiner's Creek. These flue farms are well situated, a fhort distance from town, and good land, and will ba found well deserving the attention of small farmers, market gardeners, and others. The road to the farms ia good at ult times of the year. Pluus of the farms can be seen at the mart of the auctioneers, and every other information furnished intending purchasers. Title— Grant from the Crown. Terms — One-third cash; residue by bills at six, twelve, and eighteen months, beariug bank interest. ~ THIS DAY. On the Promisee, the Residence of the late Dr. Maund, Latrobe street, near the Supreme Court. To Gentlemen and Families Furnishing, tho Medioal Profession, and Others. WM. EASEY and CO., are instructed to sell by auction on tbe premises, the residence of the late Dr. Maund, Latrobo street, ou Tuesday 27th inst., at twelve o'clock, The whole of the valuable Furniture, Horses, Carriages, and Effects, consisting of— Receptiou-room and study. Mahogany chairs in damask Handsome couch Bookcase Book-shelves Library table Oval mahogany do Carpets and rugs, &c.; Dining Room. Mahogany extension dining tablo -? 12 do chairs, in morocoo Hand bookcase, with cheffonnier and C»!laret Carpet, rug, &o.; Valuable engravings Dining Room; Loo table, in walnut wood Card do, do 6 chairs, do 2 easy do, do, and buff morocco 1 settee, en suite Occasional chairs and tables Handsome carpet and rug Mirror Giis glass chandeliers and lustres Curtains, gilt cornices, &c.; Berti ooms. Four post and iron bedsteads Horse hair mattresses, palliasses Bolsters, pillows Blankets, sheets, and counterpane* Washstands, and services Toilet glasses1, and tablea Chest drawers, &o.; Pantry. Table cloths, household linen Handsome dinner and breakfast services ' Glass, plated ware, balance bandied ivory knives. Also, Kitchen utensils, and the usual appendages Of a gentleman's housthold, Stable, &e.; Bay mare Chesnut do Brown gelding Grey do Ilandsomely finished broughams Do stanhope Double and single harness Riding saddles and bridle a And sUble utensils. The AuclioneeiBbegto call the attention of gentle men and otherB, purchasers of fir&t-olass; furniture to. the above important Bale, tbe greater part of winds was made exprees'y to order by an eminent London manufacturer. The horses cm w:th confidence be recommended, are in constant work, in fine condition, and well known to be good in witMle and double and single harness. Also, At tho same time win be sold the valuable surgi cal instruments, onu modical library, for particulars of which B2e future advertisement. Full particulars in catalogues, which may fee vb* taln?d at the rooms of the auctipneerp. ~ ' ? jpaleg fig fltictton. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. To Follow the Ssle of Mr Ireland's Propsrty. Valuable City Building Allotments, opposite the new Wesleyan Chapel, Lonsdale street, and between RusBell and Stephen streets, being portion of allotment 10 of block 23, and having » frontage of 42 feet to Lonsdale Btreet, by a depth of 90 feet. To Tradesmen, Storekeepers, Capitalists, and Others seeking Deairable Building Sites, or Safe InveBtments. WM. EASEY and CO. have received instructions to Bell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Tuesday, 27th inst., nt twelve o'clock, The following building allotments, opposite the new Wesleyan Ohapol, LonBdale etreet : — Lot 1. Having a frontage of 21 feet to Lonsdale Btreet, by a depth of 80 feet, with a right-of-way from Little Bourke street. Lot 2. Having a frontage of 21 feet to Lonsdale street, by a depth of 90 feet, with a right- of-way in rear from Little Bourko street. Purchasers of Lot 2 can have the option of taking Lot 1. To tradesmen, storekeepers, and others desirous of placeB of business in a good site, the aucioneera woald call their attention to this sale, the land having to be aold to the highest bidder. For almost all purposes this land is admirably adapted. It_i3 in a great thoroughfare, and must year by year in crease in value. Title unexceptionable. Terms liberal, declared at sale. Full particulars can be learnt on application to the auctioneers. THI3 DAY. At Messrs Dezraves and Co.'s Stores. 125 CasesByaas'a Ale and Portor. More or Less Damaged. To Wine nud Spirit Merchants and Others. WM. EASEY and CO. will soil by auction, at the stores of Messrs Wm. Degraves and Co. , on Tuesday, 27th inst, at eleven o'clock, 1-25 cases Byass's ale and stout. All more or less'damaired, and to be sold for the benefit .of whom it may concern. No reserve, TermB — cash. TO-MORROW. 2 Casks Sad Irons. 12 Iron Safes. 2 Casks Tinware. More, or Less Damaged. To Ironmongers, Tinsmith?, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. EASEY end CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 33 Collins street weBt, on Wed nesday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, C casks sad irons 12 iron safes 2 ca;kB tinware More or less damaged by sea water, and to bo sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms— cash. TO-MORROW. Soda Cryatals, Potash, Glauber Salts, Ac, &c.; To Soap Boilers, Grocers, Storekeepers; and Others. TXTM. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at t V their rooms, 33 Collins street weBt, on Wed nesday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, 16 casks soda crystals 4 do potash 5 do glauber salts 11 half-kegs soft soap 5 casks of Epsom salts 3 do green Newcastle copperas No reserve. Terms — cash. TO-MORROW. 2 Bales Blankets. Slightly Damaged To Drapers, Warehousemen, {storekeepers, and Others. WM. EASEY and CO. will sell by .auction, at the ir rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Wed nesday, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Borodino — SB in diamond — §15—49 pairs 9-4 Bcarlet blankets 9—50 do 9-4 gentian do 3—50 do 10 4 do do 1—50 do 10-4 do do. All more or less damaged, and to be sold for tho bmeflt of whom it may concern. Without icserve. ? Terms— cash. ? - TO-MORROW. 17 Cases Hams. 6 Barrels Ling Fish. 25 Cases North Wilts Cheeaa. To Grocers, Storekeeper?, and Others. TIXM. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at YY their rooms, 33 Collins street wost, on Wed nesday, 28ih inst., at eleven o'clock. 14 cases Cumberland hams 3 tierces American do 5 barrels ling fish 25 cases North Wilts cheese All warranted in splendid oondUion, aad to ba sold. Terms at sale. ? TO-MORROW. ? 500 Bags English Dressed Rice. 25 Pockets, 1857, Kent Hops. To Brewers, Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at their rooms, 330'ollins street west, on Wednes day, 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, 600 bags English dressed rice 25 pockets, 1857, Kent hops Warranted in good order. Terms at sale. TO-MORROW. Dried Fruits, Corn, Beans, &o.; &o.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othew. WM. EASEY and CO. will sell by auotion, at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Wed nesday, 2Sth inst., at eleven o'clock, 80 boxea dried fruits, peaches andquinoea 20 barrels raisins 13 cases strung beans, preserved. No reserve. Terms— cash. TO-MORROW'. 21 Chests Congou Tea 1G Half Do Do Do 24 Boxes Do Do. More or Less Damaged. To Grocors, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM. EASEY and CO- will a ill by auotion. at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Wed nesday, 28th inst., at eloveu o'clock, Ex Carl Von Graefe, G S Co., in heart, 21 chests congou tea 16 half do do do 24 boxes do do do. More or less damaged by sea water, and to bo sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms — cash. ? 1 TO- MORROW. 1 Case Floor ClothB, More or Less Damaged. ' To Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others. ''nTTM. EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at \\\ their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Wed aesdav. 28th inst., at eleven o'clock, Ex Ocean Traveller, 1 caEe floor oloths, containing 12 rolls J and 4 4 (Ul more or less damaged by sea water, and to be sol 4 for the benefit of all concerned. Terms— cash. ? .. . TO-MORROW. 200 Firkins Fine Butter. To 'Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. TTCTM EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, at W their rooms, 33 Collins etreet west, on Wed nesday 28l.li inst., at eleven o'clock, SJliO firkins DR Cork but tar. Terms at. sole. ? TO-MORROW. 1 Case Stationery. To Stationers and Others. WM- EASEY and CO. will sell by auction, ai ti'ieir rooms, 33 Collins Btreet west, on Wed ] ''^i^ttu^lrT^-SS receipt books » ? * ! note paper, manifests, panage lists, wbelB. ! Singaporo stamps, &c;, &c.; i -- No reserve. ? 5at-g fig auction. ? ~' ' TO-MORROW. 12 Casks 1-5 Tumblera. To Glass and Chinaware Dealers, and Others, WM. EASEY and CO., will sell by auotion, at I their rooms, 33 Collins street west, Wednes day, 23th inet., at eleven o'clock, 12 oasks 1-5 tumblers in good order. No reserve. Terms— cash. TO- MORROW 1 CaEe Gold Leaf. To Gilders, P&inters;, and Others. WM. EASEY and CO. will sell by auotion, at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Wed nesday, 28th inat., at eleven o'clock, 1 case gold leaf. ^ ? No reserve. ? THURSDAY, 29th APRIL. . . At Twelve o'Clock. One of tho Most Valuable Blocks of Stone Stores in Melbourne, being those Capital Three-Storey Blue Stone Stores, situate in Flinders Lane, Queen, and Bond Streets, and in the occupation of the following firmB :— Messrs Nightiugalo Alexander and Co. Messrs Downing, Grifllth and Co. Messrs Melchior aud Co. Messrs Do Do. These Stores are Let on a Building Lease, for Twenty-one Years, from the 23rd May, 1803, and produce a Ground Rent of _1200 per Annum. The Store occupied by Messrs Strackosb and Co. Is Let on a Yearly Lea3o of £000 per Annum : The whole bringing in an Income of £1500 per Annum. Those Fine Stores uro in One Block, but will bo sold Singly, if required. To tho Capitalistp, Merchants, Storekeepers, Public Companies of Melbourne, Sydney, Van Diemen's Land, and Adelaide. WM. EASEY and CO. have received instructions from the owner to sell (to the highest bidder) by auction, .it their rooms, on Thursday, 29th inst., at twelve o'clock, The following valuable properties, consisting of five stores, having frontage to Queen end Bond streets, and Flinders lane, und in the occupation of the following firms : — Lot 1. Three-storey, in the occupation of Messrs Downing, Griffith and Co., oorner of Queen atreet and Flinders lane, having a frontage of 34 ft. 3 in. to Queen streoet, by a depth or another frontage of 39 ft. 9 in. to Flinders lane. This brings in a ground rental of £31)0 per annum. Lot 2. Three-slorey sloro, in the occupation of MeBers Nightingale Alexander, having a frontage ol 34 ft. 6 in. to Queen street, by a depth of 39 ft. 9 in. This brings in a ground rental of £300 per annum. Lot 3. Three-story stone store, in tht occupation of Meesrs Melchior and Co., having a frontage of 23 fuet to Flinders laue, by a depth of .68 feet 9 inches, with right-of-way in rear. This property brings in a ground rental of £300 per annum. Lot 4. Three- atorey stone store, in the occupation of Messrs Melchior and Co., corner of Little Flinders street aud Bond street, having a frontage of 36 feet 3 inshe3 to Flinders lane, by I depth or another frontage of 29 feet 4 inches to Bond street. This brings in a ground rent of £3U0 per annum. Lot 4. Three-storey atone store, in tho occupation of Messrs Strackosh and Co., having a frontage of 33 feet 3 inches to Bond street, by a depth or another frontage to a lane of 36 feet 3 inches. 'Ihia store and ground is let to a yearly tensnt at the low rental of j? 500 per annum. These stores have basement (or cellars), ground flour, one pair floor, aad two pair floor stores, and are oapablo of storing an immense amount of goods. For wholesale business no situation iu tho city can surpass this ; close to the wharves, Custom house, bonded stores, banks, and othei publio buildings. These stores are so well known that it Is needless for the auctioneers to give a lengthened description, suffice to state these buildings aro opposite Messrs Bricht Brothers, the New Oriental Bank, and Messrs Rae, Glaiater and Co., and fiuer stores iu evory point of view cannot be met with in Melbourne. The auctioneers solicit the attention of capitalists, merchants, and others, in Melbourne, Sydney, Ade laide, and Van Diemon's Land to the important Bale of the best situated stores in Melbourne. They will be sold either in ono lot or in lots to suit purchasers, and will be found as an investment, one of the mnst deBirable properties ia thisior the adjacent colonies. The stores mentioned on lots 1 , 2, 3, and 4, aro erected on a building lease of 21 years from 23rd May, 1853. The store mentioned as lot 4 is not let on a build ing lease, but built by the vendor, and let as already mentioned to MeEsrs. Ktrackoth and Co., at a yearly r-y»''t£3uO. Title unexceptionable. Terms liberal, declared at sale ? TUESDAY, 4th MAY^ At the Stores of Messrs Portor Brothers, . Elizabeth street North, (In Consequence of Dissolution of Partnership.) Extensive Sale of Bar Iron, Boiler Plates, Sheet Iron, (ialvanised Iron, Bar Fencing, Horse Shoes, Dray Materials, Rope, &c;, &o.; To Builders, Contractors, Blacksmiths, Wheelwrights, and Others. WM. EASEY and OO. will sell by auction, at the stores of Messrs Porter Brothers, Elieabeth street north (in consequence of the dissolution or partnership), on Tuesday, 4th May, at eleven 0 oloolt, Bar iron of the bust braudd Nail rod, boiler plates Sheet iron ' Steel, blister, spring, double sheared carbon, octagon and square White lead Horse shoes, Walker's nails Ploughshare moulds Do, moulded boards Axle blocks ? Canon boxes Bullock yokes, red gum felloes Smiths' vices, chain traces Ash and hiokory planking Galvanised corrugated iron ? Iron-bar fencing ? Minors' picks Galvanised sheet iron Do iron tiles Do wire netting Do gutters, pipes, &c.; Do nailp, riveta, and washers, spikes Do staples and other fastenings Do bolts and nuts Manilla rope, assorted The auctioneers beg to solicit the attention of tho trade to 1*0 ab jvo sale— all the goods being of the beat quality, uud positively to be sold without re serve, to puriuerBhip's nccouul, TermB liberal. ~' TUESDAY, 4th MAY. At Twelve o'OIock. 200 AcreB cf Rich Agricultural Land. On the Little River, near the Railway Station. ? Farms. FarmB. To Capitalists, Agriculturists, Newly Arrived Immigrants, and Others. . WM EASEY and CO. have received instruc tions to sell by auction, at their rooms, on Tuesday, 4th May, at twolvo o'clock,_ ? The following valuable property consisting of 200 acres of rich agricultural land, sub divided M per plan, into lots of 25 acrce Purchasers will have the option of taking afljoin. ^ulVe property is Biluato on the north side of the Bay, within about 2 miles from the railway station at the Little River. . , n ... The advantages which a farmer in this, locality will have over others at a greater distance from market towns, or such a convenient and cheap mode ot' transit for their produce as a railway, must be verv great. Situule about midway between the two Chief market towns, the farmer in this locality has the ohoice or both markets, and can forward his produce to either, at a cost trilling iu comparison to that incurred byothors who have not tho samo ad. TftTheg(land is very rich and productive. Some of the farms adjoining this havo yielded very heavy crops of every description of grain. Title— a grant from the Crown. # Further particulars may bo obtained by applying at the office of the auctioneers, where tho plans ol subdivision can be eeer. f jerma liberal, declared at time fsnle. £a!c0 &b; auction. _____ THURSDAY, 29 th APRIL. Valuable Building Allotment, In Powlett Street, East Melbourne. ?o Parties in Search of a Beautiful Buildlog Site, Ia this Justly Favored Locality. ITtfif. EASEY aud CO., will sell by auction, at YY their rooms, 33 Collins street w«Bt, on Taura- [ay, 29th inst., at twelve o'clock, The following allotment, 51 feet frontage to Pow 3tt street, Eaet Melbourne, by a depth of 132 feet, leing portion of allotment 9 of portion 10. The above allotment adjoins the residenco of Me !luttarbuck, and will be found well worthy the tteniion of parties seeking investment la this ocality. Terms liberal. TUESDAY, 11th MAY, At Twelve o'clock. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. Schanapper Poiut. Schnapper Point.' ?orty Acres or tho Finest Laud in this Favorite and Rapidly-rising Locality, subdivided into Twenty Allotments of Two Acres each. Co Private Families, Gentlemen, Capitalist?, nnd Others desirous of obtaining Building Building Sites for Rosidenco ia this delightful and healthy Seaside Township. WM. EASEY and CO., have received instructions from W. O. l'uille, Esq., to sell by auction, without tbe slightest reserve, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 1 lth May, at twelve o'clook, All that piece or pnrcel of land being uorijon of the Senfiald estate, and containing about 40 acres of land, subdivided into 20 allotments of two acres each. This beautiful land is opposite the Tanti Hotel, ind on the main road from Melbourne to the Heads; is well elevated, lightly timbered, and about three quarters or one mile from the beach. To all classes desirous of obtaining land in this . favorite foosido township, tho auctioneers enn re commend thifl land, and as tho whole of the lota ara to bo sold oft) Without tho slightest reserve, A similar opportunity may not ocour for many years of purchasing bo advantageously ns at this unreserved sale. It may be stated, land adjoining the property will not be sold ai £500 per scro, eo oonlident iB the owner of the value that » ill bo at tached to land in this situation iu a few years ; and there is no doubt he is correct, as from the beautiful position of Schnapper Point, it must become tho favorito EeaBide residence cf all olnesep. Title, a grant from the Grown. ^SB^ Observe 1 Not the slightest reserve Plans and every information obtained on applloa tion to the auctioneers. Each lot -will be marked out on the ground. TOMORROW. Hall ot Commerce. One o'clock. By Auction. MR. W, GREEN has beeu instructed to offer for sale by auctiou, at the Hall of Commerce, on Wednesday, 28th inst., at one o'clock, Tho uuderinentioued desirable freehold*, com prising choice selections of land, and good invest menls in household properties. The titles to the wholu are perfect, and the terms of payment will bo one-third cash, the balance at three and six months, bearing interest at 8 per cent, per aunuin. To capitalists, Bpeculato.-s, and market gardeners, this presents a choice, and opportunity seldom offered. Lot I.' Comprising two farm lotB of 25 aores eaoh, being parts of portion 23, parish of Molgrave ; rish agrioul lural soil, about ten miles from town. Will bs sola ogether or separately. Lot2 Comprises a comfortable family residence, lituato n Church street, Richmond, on tho east side sotween Catherine street and Swan street, and aaviag a frontage to Church street of 30 feet by 1 depth of 108 feet (more or less), upon which stands a comfortable four-roomed weatherboard iiouso, lined with lath and plaster, with aotaohea kitchen, store, and servant's room, as also two itallcd stable, at present in tho occupation of the Rev. J. S. Waugli, at a rental of £15 per mnuin. Lot 3. Comprises a comfortable brick house of rooms, situate in Portland street, Richmond, off Rowena parade, and having a frontago to Portland 3troet ef 39 feet, by a depth of 05 feet, at present let to — Stark, Esq., solicitor, at a rental of £80 per annum. Lot 4. Comprises a very substantial weatherboard houso of rooms, situate and adjoining lot 2, and having i frontage to Portland street, ofF Roweua parade, of 38 feer, by a depth of 65 feet, and at present occupied by Mr Clarke, at a rental of £ per annum. Lot 5. An elegant and commodious family residence, at present occupied' by Riohard Guthiidge, Esq., newly built of Btone and brick, wilh slate roof ; water ;anks, flower garden, kitchen garden, &o.; Tho jouse contains spacious cellars, dining, drawing, and oreaUfiist rooms, besides nursery and bedrooms ; aj ilso kitchen, servants' rooms, &o.; Together with 7J icres of tbo most choice land in Northoote, only four miles from town, and having an eastern aspect, thua being sheltered from tho north winds, as well aa jommanding a view of the Plenty and Dandonong ranges. Cards to view can bo had from the auc* tioncer. Lot 6, Comprising 110 acres of excellent ngnoultaral land, being section 107 pariBh of Mulgravo ; all fenced and subdivided ; only eight miles from town, rhis will be offered in ono lot, or subdivided iuto 11 vo i'arms, all having excellent timber. Lot 7. Gardiner. Three allotments, containing 3a lr 2p, 2a )p, and 2a 4p respectively. These Boveral illotments aro ritualed on the High Holborn road, near the Malvern Hill Hotel, are fenoed with post nnd rail, and have a never-failing spring well with: 1 tho boundaries. They will b8 put up together or separately. This laud only requires aa irsnectiou to insure purchasers. Lot 8. Tarneit, 26 Acres. Being lots 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12, on plan of flub* iiviaion, or portion D, of seotion 11, pariah of T-W- neit. This land consists of tho finest alluvial soiv tsloso to the Skeleton Creek, and within a short distance of tho Werribee Station of tho Geelong ana Melbourne Hallway. It will bo sold in lots of 4 acres and 5 acres, or in ono lot, to suit purchasers. Lot. 9. South Newport, near Albion, Beinclots 100,107,11(3, and 117, on original plan of subdivision of part of portion 20, of Cutpuw paw and known as South Newport, having a iron* taee or 104 feet to Elizabeth Btroet, and Oxford Etreot, by a depth of 05 feet, with a right-of-way at the rear, 16 feet 0 inches wide. Sold together or separately. ^ ^ South Nowport, near Albion. Beintr lots 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, and 23, on original plan of subdivision of portion 20, of Cut-paw-pa-f and known as South Nowport, near Albion, haying each frontages of 40 feet to Nowcnstlo street by deptha of 132 feet each. Sold together, or bc parutely- Lot 11. Being Lot 10, of GipBy Village, Picnio Point, Brighton, having a frontage of 60 feet by a depth or 140 feet, and close to tho beach. Lot 12. ' Being Lots 43, 44, 45, and 4G, on rriglnal plan of Bubdivuion of the township of Footsoray, having frontages of 06 feet eaoh by deptha of 165 feet ana 173 feet respectively. Also, - Lots 224, 225, 226, and 227, on original pla n or subdivision of tbe township of Fo°twrw, !»▼»£ frontages of 66 feet each by depths of 165 feet, each being quarter-aoro allotment?, leather or separately ? - AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE, ?n/rn WILLIAM SCHULTZ, whilst tendering hi* __aS£5£_SS pV_fiH'preparea t0 effect out-door sales of bouse ?*Sft& WthCtl° '^SSWAM. B0WWS8. 