Saleg tg auction, THIS DAT. 30 Bags Scotch Oats. For the Benefit of all Concerned. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by J\\. auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 8th inst, at eleven o'clock, Ex Amoor, 30 bags Scotoh oats, all More or leas damaged. \- For the benefit of all conoerned. Without reserve. ? 29 THIS DAT. 200 Cases Pale Brandy. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and the Trade in-General. . A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. will sell by A. auction, at their rooms, Queen Btreet, on Monday, 8th inst,, at eleven o'clock, 200 cases pale brandy, eaoh i dozen, Vieuz Cognac' For positive and unreserved Bale, to close a con signment. . _ Without reserve. . 23 THIS DAY. 600 Boxes Candles. To Grocers, Storekeeper, &0. A LEXANDBR YOUNG and CO. will Bell by A. auction, at their roomj, Queen-stieet, on Monday. 8th inet., at eleven o'olock, 350 boxes Btar candleB, 25 lbs each, sixes 150 boxes neva stearlno, full weights, rises. Full particulars and terms at sale. 29 THIS DAY Hams and Bacon. To '' Grocers, Storekeepers, &o.; A LEXANDBR YOUNG and CO. will sell by J\\. auction, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 8th inst., at eleven o'olook, ? Ex Maldon, 230 loose hams In pieoeB bacon. Without reserve. 29 THIS DAY. Tea. Tea. To Grocers, Storekeepers, &o.; A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO. (successors to J\\. Stubbs and Son), will sell by auotion, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 8lh inat., at eleven o'olock, ? ?-???? Ex Horizon, 30 chests fine congou 60 half do do 70 half do Great Britain 50 do do Saxon. Full particulars and teimB at Bale. 28 THIS DAY. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Oilmen's Stores. A LEXANDER YOUNG and Co. (successors to J\\. Stubbs and Son), will sell by auction, at their rooms, Queen ''street,' on -Monday, 8th inst., at eleven o'clock, ' '„,,„, u ,-? 30Jcaaes each G doz Crosse and Blackweiru nan pint ealad oil - 20 do each 4 dozen do pint do 20 cases assorted sauces 70 do each 1 doz Whybrow'a quart vinegar 120 do, eaoh 3 dozen, assorted brands, pint pickles. Full particulars and terms at sale. 28 THIS DAY. 6,700 Bushels Malt. At the 'Stores of the Importers, 71 Flinders lane west. To Brewers, Storekeepers, of Melbourne, Geelong, and the Up-Country Districts. A LEXANUER YOUNG and CO. will Bell by J\\. auction, at the stores of tho importers, 71 Flinders lane west, on Monday, 15th inat., at tleveo o'clock, ? 6,700 bushels malt, a fine sample. To be sold in lots to suit purchasers. ; Tho auctioneers beg to call the attention of brewers and storekeepers to the above parcel of malt, it being a very good sample, and will be positively sold. _ ? Terms at sale. 29 THIS DAY. 1200 BuBbels Danish Oats. To Corn Dealers. Livery Stablo Koepers, &0. A LEXANDER YOUNG and Co., (successors to A. Stubba and Son), will sell by auotion at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 8th inst., at eleven o'olock. , . . . . 1200 bushels prime DaDish oatB. A Bpien : di-1 sample, To bo sold in lots to suit purchasers. Terms at sale. 30 THIS DAY. Cheshire Cheese. To Grocers, Storekeepers, -ko. A LEXANDER YOUNG and Co., (successors to A Stubbs and Son) will Bell by auotion, at their rooms, Queen street, on Monday, 8ih inat, at eOTen6° cases' superior OheBhire cheese, in fine -To dose a'consignment without reserve. 30 THIS DAY. ? Sheep wash Tobacco. A LEXANDEB YOUNG and CO. (successors to A Stubbs and Son) will sell by auotion, at their rooms, Queen street, oh Monday, 8th inst., at eleven o'clook, ... 12 bags aheepwash tobacco. ? Without reserve. df THIS DAY. \- ' ' Old Tom. Geneva. Brandy. To the Wine and Spirit Trade. A LEXANDBR YOUNG and CO. (successors to A stubbs and Son), will Bell by auotion at their rooms,. Queen street, on Monday, 8th instant, at eleveno'olook, ? 30 cases Booth's old torn, 1 doz 40 do Geneva, 4 gals., red cases 60 do do, green do ??-?-.. 10 hhds. Rizart's dark brandy 6 do Anderson's old torn 20 do mixing brandy ! 20 casks bottled ale 10 cases Bass's ale To be sold to olosa consignments. .. . Terms at Bale. 30 THURSDAY, 11th FEBRUARY. For the Beuefit of all Concerned. 250 Cases and Bales Papor Hangings. Te Housa Decorators, Painters, and the Trade in General of Melbourne, Geelony, and the Country A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO., (successors to J\\. Stubbs and Son), will sell by euclion, at their rooms, Queen street, on Thursday, 11th inst., at eleven o'olook, ? - t ..? :- .:? Ex Chancellor, For the benefit of all concerned, 250 oases and bales paper hangings, consisting of llocks, golds, satins, parlors, drawing room and bedroom. * . . Aleo, Oaks, grey marble and oeiling paperB, All just Iand5d, in splendid order and oondition, and to be Bold in lots to Buit purchasers, without tho elighteBt reserve. ? ? 30 PROPERTIES FOR PRIVATE SALE. ALEXANDER YOUNG and CO., successors to Stubba and Son), auctioneers, and oommiBsion agents, 23 Queen street, have received instructions to sell by private contract the following valuable properties— 1 The parliamentary corner, comprising seVen very, valuable building allotments, corner of Collins street and Spring street. 2\. The property known as the White Hart Inn, corner of Bourke street and Spring street, with the hotel, coach-honse and stableB, and five cottages. 3\. An allotment of land in Collins street west, a flrst-rate eite for warehouses and offices, having a frontage of about 72 fset by a depth of 120 feet. 4 A building allotment in Collins etreefc west, having a frontage of 32 feet by a depth of 80 feet. 5\. Most desirable and valuable allotments, for gentlemen's residences on the Toorak road, com manding very extensive views of the bay, and the Dandenong ranges. Twenty lour allotments of land in the township of Lasawado, Little River, to ho let on lease or to be sold. Also about 53 acres of land adjoining Lasswade, to be let as a farm in one or two lots. 'A very superior stone house, containing nine rooms, .kitohen and outhouaes, situated in Yarra street, Geelong, to be let for a term of years. ? Full particulars apply to the auctioneers.12 018 S-alw fig auction. LEASE OF STORE, 108 Collins street west. For Private Sale. By Order of E. Courtney, Esq., Official Assignee. A LEXANDER YOUNG and CO., (successors to J\\. Stubbs and Son), are instructed by E. Cpnrt ney, Esq., Official Assignee, to dispose of by private eontraot, . The lease of that very desirable briok-built store, with stone foundation, No. 108 Collins street weBt, opposite St. James's Cathedral, lately ocoupied by Messrs Wilkinson Brothers. The store is most substantially built, and conve niently arranged, the situation one of the most de sirable in Melbourne ; It is about 45 feet long, 27 leet wide, and 15 feet high, with two offices in front. The cellar or basement story is built espressly for the storage of liquids, and is capable of con taining about 250 hhds. There is a small yard be hind, and also a waste piece of ground across the right-of-way, about 90 feet by 30, U6ed for storing lumber, tar, &o.; . The lease is for the remainder of a term of 14 years, about 11 years of whiGh ar« unexpired. Insurance — FirBt-claBS risk. For further particulars apply to the auctioneers THIS DAY. : To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors and Others. Balance of the Cargo of the Admiral Prinz Adalbert WM. TENNENT and CO. have reoeived in ? Btruotions to sell by auction, at Semple's Abattoir, the Australian Wharf, and Custom3 Re serve, on Monday, 8th inst., at eleven o'olook sharp , Commencing at the Abattoirs. Balance of the cargo of the Admiral Prinz Adal bert, from Dan! zic, consisting of — 58 logs square timber, at Semple's Abattoir 34 do do, Customs Recerve 49 deals, 11 x 3, 10 x 3, 9 x 3, 8 x 3, 7 x 3, 12 x 3, at the Australian Wharf. 462 boards, i, i, i, 1, and 2-inch. ? Terms at sale. ? - ? ? .,29 THIS DAY. To Timber. Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and OtherB. ' Balance of the Cargo of the Admiral Prinz Adalbert. WM. TENNENT and CO. have received in ? structions to Bell by auotioh, at Semple's Abattoir, the Australian Wharf, and Customs Re serve, on Monday, 8th inst., at eleven o'clock sharp, Commencing at the Abattoirs. . . Balanoe of the cargo _ef the Admiral Prinz Adal bert, from Danlzio, conflating of — ? . ? 58 logs square timber, at Semple's Abattoir 84 do do, Customs Reserve : 49 deals, 11 x 3, 10 x 3, 9 x 3, 8 x 3, 7 x 3, 12 x 3, a't.tho Australian Wharf ' 462 boards, i, j, l.J, 1, and 2 inch. ! ? Terma at sale. 30 WEDNESDAY, 24th. FEBRUARY. Absolute Sale by Auction of ail-that valuable Pro perty situate at Flemington Bank, nod known as tho Victoria Stearino Candle Factory, together with all the valuable and powerful Machinery, S[0., all in first-rate condition. To Railway Contractors, Engineers, Soap. and Candle Factors, Machinists, and OtherB. WM. TENNENT and CO. beg to announce ? that they have received instructions from tho proprietors to sell by auction (unless previously disposed of by private contract), at their rooms, Collina street, on Wednesday, 24th iast., at twelve o'clock, ' ? All that valuable freehold property, situate at Flemington, and known as The Victoria Stearine Candle Works, together with all the plant as it now stands. The freehold consists of about two acres of land, and is situate just opposite the second milestone on the Flemington road, being within a very few yards of that thoroughfare, thus possessing the greit od vantago of a superior macadamised road almost the whole distance. The plant and building ooneist of boiler-houso and shaft, about 50 feet high, The factory, built most substantially of best Flem ington briokfl on a bluestone foundation, and consist ing of. the boiling room and the candle room, each 6(- feet long by 20 feet wjde. The machinery, which is all of the most superior make, and nearly new, and was imported expressly from England at a tremendous cost, consists of a tubular boiler of 25-borse power, Bellhouse's patent, with the latest improvements ; horizontal high preesure steam-engine, complete, 10-horse power. Three hydraulic presses. One complete set of two hydraulic pumps, with all gearing complete. One 16-inch hydraulic hot-press, horizontal. One sperm moulding machine, and filler. Hot closet for heating framoB. 100 candle frames. Together with all the necessary implements and appliances of forceps, guides, rotary cuter, &c.; Also, Melting vats, refrigerating tin?, steam vats, -Sec. The whole forming a most complete set of ma ohinery and working plant, in perfect order. In submitting this important plant and properly to the competition tof the public, the auctioneers would point out that the whole U most substantially built, and an enterprising individual with industry could easily en8ure a certain fortune. The place does not reauire a Binglo shilling expended on it to put it in working order. Railway conlractors could fit up the building at little expenso to make workshops of it, and the presses and hydraulic pumps would be available and invaluable iu facilitating tbeir operations. The auctioneers would further invite the inspec tion and attention of all intending purchasers, : and they are instructed to stale tb.it the Bale will be posi tively without reserve. The terms will be very liberal. The title is first-rate. 30 WEDNESDAY, 10th FEBRUARY. Important Sale of very Valuable and Modern House bold Furniture, at tho residence of E. J. Murphy, E--q., 33 Russell street. To Private Families, * Cabinetmakers,. Dealers, and OtherB. WM. TENNENT and Co., have reoeived in ? structions from B. J. Murphy, Esq , in oon sequence of hia removing into tho country, to sell by auolion, at his residence, 33 Russell Btr jet, on Wednesday, loth February, at twelve o'olock, The whole of his valuable and modern household furniture, consisting of — Very handsome blackwood drawing-room suite, made to order, covered in rich drab and scarlet damask Rosewood loo table and cover Walnut writing table Do occasional do Handsome Chinese cardtable Lady's blackwood work-table very handsome rosewood footstools Splendid pier glass, 4 ft. 6 in. by 6 ft. 6 ?Might candelebra with glass pedostal Very choice boheinian china and glaes orna \- ? ? ments Telescope dining-table and cover Bookcase and cheffonnier Handsome sideboard Drawing and dining room carpets and rugs, nearly new Do do lace and damask curtains ? Do do fenders aud fire irons . Very handsome dinner service Gold and white china breakfast do Green and gold dessert do Chaste electro- plated tea urn, coffee and tea pots, sugar basin, aad milk juga Do salvers, cruets, candlesticks, &o; , Cut-glass decanters, water bottles, jtumhiers, champagne and wine glasses Handsome four-post bedsteads complete, with beddiog, muequito and muslin curtains Mahogany half-tester do do Ladies' wardrobe, made to order Marble-top mahogany wa^hstands Chests drawers and towel horses China toilet services complete, &o.; Together with every requisite of kitchen furniture, and other articles too numerous to mention. Also, A great variety of interesting and valuable works. The auctioneers call the particular attention of parlies furnishing to the above sale, the1, whole hav ing been mar'e expressly to order, and nearly new. Catalogues may be bad at the rooms of the auc tioneers ; and tbe furniture will be on view on Satur day, Glh February. 30 PUBLIC NOTICE ~' ' THE subscribers beg to notify that they have commenced business at 31 Queen street., as Land and Estate Auctioneers, ar.d invite public at tention to their advertisements in the daily papers. ' ALFRED EDWARD WHBATLEY. ALFRED BLISS. Melbourne, 28th November, 1857, Sales is Jttirlitm. MONDAY, 1st MARCH. By Order of the Mortgagees. Positive and Unreserved Sale of a Brick House, situated in Inkermann road, St. Kilda. WM. TENNENT and CO. beg to annonnce ? that they have received instructions from the mortgagees to Fell by auction, at their rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 1st Maroh, at twelve o'clock, All that pieoe or parcel of land, situate and lying in the p»riah of Prahran, in the county of Bourke and colony of Viotori*, 'being part of allotment D of portion 70, and bounded as follows : — Commenc- ing at the north side of a Government road, which bounds the Raid allotment D on the south at a point distant 6 chains 88 links east from the south west angle of the said allotment, being on a line bearing westerly 50 feet, and bounded on the south by the said Government road, thence by a line bearing northerly 100 feet and 11 feet 6 inches along the east side of a lane or right-of-way 14 feet 8 inches wide, which said lane or right-of-way leads out of and from the said Government road ; and bounded on the weat by the said lane, thence by a line parallel with the said Government road, being a line bearing easterly 50 feet ; and bounded on the north by part of the said allotment D, thence by a line parallel with the said lane, bearing southerly 111 feet 6 inches home to the commencing point ; and bounded on the east by other part ot said- al lotment D ; with all erections or buildings standing and being thereon. The buildings oonBist of a briok house (well built and just completed) containing a passage and four rooms, two of them connected with folding doors. Fop further particulars apply at the auctioneers. Terms— half cash, balance at six months, bearing bank interest. 30 THIS DAY. Horses. Horses. To Farmers, Carmen, Dealers and Others. WW. TREACY will sell by auotion, at his ? yards, 69 Bourke street; west, on Monday, 8th inst., at eleven o'olook, 40 horeos, namely— 20 unbroken colts, suitable for heavy draught or waggon ' ' , 12 Buperior horees, fit for light harness or saddle ' ; . ' 8 handsome cobs. The above lot of horses are in splendid condition, and without exception the finest lot that has been in the market-for pome time, or may be expected for tba next six months. . To be sold without reserve; . 29 , ~ THIS DAY! ' ? . ' To Carters, Omnibus Proprietors, and Others. EROW aud CO., are instructed by Mr Lyons, ? to sell by auction, at their yards, Bourke Btreet, on Monday, 8th inet. ... . , A mob of 30 coltB and fillies. : -.?..;? The attention of buyers is called to this lot of horses. ? There are several powerful colts among them, suitable for cart or omnibus work ; also strong useful ligbt-harness and saddle horses, some broken in, and all in good condition. ; 4 4 310 TO-MORROW. Household Furniture, Books, Plated Goods, &c.; N KINSMAN' has received instructions from s tho proprietor, who is leaving for thecouutry, to sell by auction, on the premises, 26 Young street, between Gertrude street -and Victoria parade, .on ? Tuesday, 9th inst., at eleven o'clock,. The whole of the household furniture and effeots, consisting of — ? ? ? Cedar cheflbnniors, hair-scatcd eotaa, cedar dining, tables, book-cases, 300 volumes books, chests drawers, oight-day clock, feather bed, bedstead, pictures, table : lamp, washstands aud ware, toilet glaes, chair?, carpet, rocking chair, folding arm do, Bet china, glass ware, &o.;, 12 rabbits and hutches, kitohen utensils, &c.; . N. KINSMAN, valuator, house and land agent, 3 Moor street, Coliingwood. 30 WEDNESDAY, 24th FEBRUARY. The Bonegar Station, in the Wimmera District, with 7,800 Sheep and 60ft Head of Cattle. 'VTAUGHAN and WILD, in accordance with in V Btructions received from the proprietor, D. Cameron, Esq., have directed tbeir Edward Wild to submit for sale by public auotion, at Bear's Ex change Rooms, on Wednesday, 24th February, at two o'clock, The Bonegar Station, having a frontage of nearly 7 miles to tbe Wimmera' on the eUBt bank, and about 14 miles book. ' ? ' The land consists of the moat fattening and beaitby plains and open grassy box and oak forests, capable of depasturing 16,000 sheep, or. an equivalent in cattle. The river is permanent, and the run is further watered by various dams and a creek. All improve ments will be found necessary for carrying on the working ot the station. l'ue stock uow on the run is as follows, viz.':— 1500 wethers, 4200 ewes, 2100 lambs, total. 7800 bead ; 600 head of quiet cattle, reared on the rub, of mixed ages and sexes. One horse cart and harness, and two stock horses given in. Stores to be taken at cost price, carriage added. .?.?;?. ? ? ...??? ? - . For further particulars apply to Messrs W. M. Bell and Co., or to Vaughan and Wild, Melbourne. 53156 friieb ID WEDNESDAY, 10th FEBRUARY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, GvocerB, and Others. To Close Accounts in a. Partnership. SYMONS and PERRY 'are instructed to gell by auction, at 'their new rooms, Collins street on Wednesday, 10th inst;., at twelve o'clock, 10 hbds. Nicholson's old torn 10 do Booth's do 10 do Browning's do . . ? 10 do datk cognac, Martell's 10 do pale do, do , . 5,000 gross corks, various kinds ? 20 pockets Mid. Kent hops ? ' -; 180 boxes soap ' ? '?; 5 caska carbonate of soda. The particular attention of the trade is requested to this sale, as the above goods are of superior, quality, and are being told to close accounts. . Terms at sale. ? 30 ~ FRIDAY, 12th FEBRUARY. Township of Miuithorpo, Plenty- road. Important Sale of 80 Valuable Allotments of Land on a Government road, leading to the Merri Merri Creek, adjoining tbe well known property of Mr Duff, on ihe Plenty road. . ...-,..- . , ; C1 YMONS and PERRY are instructed by the agents O of the owner to submit to public competition, on the ground, adjoining the residence of Robert Duff, Esq., Plenty road, on Friday, 12th inst., st one o'clock, ??????..? All that piece or parcel of land, being part of Beotion No. 112, parish of Jika Jika, known and de scribed as . Tho Township of Minithorpe, subdivided into 80 allotments as under : — Lois No. 1 to 10. E'ich having a frontage to a Government road, one chain wide, leading from the Merri road to the Plenty road, aud containing an area of half an acre, move or less, . ? LotNo.i7. I-3 situate at the intersection of siid one chain road, with tbe Yan Yean tramroad, and contains 3 roods — percheB. Lots 18 to 37, Each fronting the said Government road, and con taining half an a?re. Lota 38, 39, and 40, Each having a frontage to tbe main Plenty road, and containing about a quarter of an acre. Lots 41, 42, and 43, Each fronting Plenty road, and containing areas, as per plan, of nearly half an acre. ; ; Lots 44 to G3, ' . ' / : . Each haviDg a frontage leading from the .Creek,, and containing half an acre. . ? . ? .Lot 64, ?.?:-:?? Adjoining the tramway, containing 2 roods 37 perches. . ? ' Lots 65 to 80, ' Each fronting the road leading to the Creek,' and containing areas as per plan ol about half an acre. Title unexceptionable. .:.'..? . The peculiarly favored, situation of this township should recommend it . to all persona desirou3 of ob taining suburban land, the locality being very beau tiful, and distant only four miles from Melbourne uia the Plenty -road, which., passes by the property, and tbe Yan Yean tramroad through it. A bridge is shortly to bo built across the Merri Creek, thus con necting it with the main Sydney road. Various other local improvements ate in contemplation, which will tend to render this neighborhood one of the most valuable near the city, t ; ? , . , ?' '? , ? ' . . ; Terms liberal, will be declared at'sale. ' .? .y 'Lithographed plans may be seen, and further par tlcularB obtained, at the rooms of the auctioneers. .galcg fig &uttum.; THIS DAY To Merchants, Grocere, Storekeepers, and Others. Entire cargo of the Evangelist, from Mauritius, 4732 Bags Sugar. . - SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at their new rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 8th inBt, at eleven o'clook, . The entire cargo of the Evangelist, consisting of 4732 bags sugar, assorted bb under : — LaGaiete, J 306 bags No. 1 crystals. A. uauin, s ** C°Pe°titIer0 200 bag* No. 2 do Knv'., 60 bags, NO. 2 do ItFaKnu Co., [ 488 ba«B brl*ht C0UDter Sffi&r;, \mA° Ptt, j12b^d0 Miniesy, 262 bags do Koine, } 130 bags do KSine, } H31 bags yellow Ta^SaWr, [21 bags brown 5SSS8S--: lOCObagsdo R'ocebeBry!le f^bagsdo Belle Alliance, 185 bags do L'Esprri, 112 bags dark brown. Total bagc, 4,732. Terms — £100 and under, cash; above that sum, 25 per cent, caah deposit and balance at three months ; purchasers over £500., 25 per cent, cash deposit and balance at three and four months' ap-. proved bills. ? , . 29 THIS DAY. To Persons Seeking a Profitable Investment. ' Valuable Freehold City Properly, situated off Little Bourke street. ' . S' YMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at their r.ew rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 8th inst., at twelve o'clock, A very valuable piece of land, situated in a right of-way leading from Little Bourke street, having a frontage of 60 feet by a depth of 55 feet to another right-of-way, also leading into Little Bourke street, and situated nearly opposite tho Viotoria Hotel. Together with ' Two brick-built cottages, ? each containing two rooms, also a two-roomed weatherboard cottage now erected on tbe above piece of land, and producing a very good rental. ? , ,.?-., , Title, first-rate. . ' To any person Eeeking investment for a .small capitnl the above presents one of those few oppbrtu. nities that are ocourring at the preseet time, and the auctioneers would wish to impress upon such persons the deeireableness of attending the above sale. ? TermB easy, declared at sale. ' 29 THIS DAY. ? . To Connoiaeiir8 in Fine Arts. ' SYMONS. and PERRY wish to call attention of ^ the lovers ef the Fine Arts that the sale of the Gallery of Artp, consisting of engravings front the easels of ? Lnndseer, ? Turner, ' Etty, ' Wilkie, and other masters, will be. oontinued on Monday, 8th inst.. at Quo p m. 30 THIS DAY. Important Sale of Valuable City and Suburban ? Properties. , : To Close Accounts in the Firm of Symons and Perry, who are Dissolvin £ Partnership. To Merchants, Traders, Capitalists, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will cause to be sold by auction, at their New Auction Mart, on Mon day, 8th February, at twelve o'clock, The undermentioned valuable properties : — Lot 1. All that newly and eubstanliallyJbuiU bloofc of premises situated at the corner of Queen and Bourke streets, having a frontage of 150 foet to the former. The buildings comprise ee?en handsome Bhops and dwellings, just finished with plate-glass fronts and fittings, suitable for the most respectable business There. ate water and gas laid pn to eaoh bouse. This property will be offered in one or two lots to suit purchasers, and a large amount of the purchase, money may remain on mortgage for two years at 8 per cent, interest ;' terms for the remainder may be known from the auctioneers. Jbot 2. All that capacious and well-built brick two-storied store situated at the rear of tbe General Post Office, being 60 feet square, and fitted with the necessary appliances for carrying on an extensive businesB of any description. This store is situated in the centre of the business part of the city, and is at present in the occupation of tbe owners, but immediate possession may be had. Terms at sale. ? ? Lot 3. ? . Comprises two genteel family residences, each con taining twelve rooms, with stabling and convenient out-houses, situate in Domain-street leading from, Moorak road to Domain road. These houses are neatly and comfortably finished, one of them ia at present in the occupation of B. Cooper, Esq., Portuguese Consul, and the other of Mrs ? ?? ' Dimensions of land, 100 feet frontage, by a depth of 110, and is bo divided that the bouses may be sold separately or together, to suit the wishes of pur chasers, and ^being situated in tbe meat piotureeque and favorite locality near the city, thiB property as a whole is well worth the attention of persons desir ous of obtaining asuburban residence within a plea sant walk of buniueaa at a moderate coat, and it will be sold a bargain. Terms and further particulars may be known from the Auctioneers. Lot 4 All that piece or pajcel of land, having a frontage of 102 feet to a rond 33 feet wide, leading into a Government road, by a depth of 198, to another road S3 feet wide, being part of suburban suction No. 91, aud is situate on the road to Brunswick, near the city boundary. Terms at eale. . Lot 5. ? All that piece or parcel of land, Bituate at' Rich mond, being Lot No. 11, of section No. 30, having a frontage of 168 feet to a Government street, by a depth of 57 feet 6 inches to another street 33 feet wide, the whole containing a quarter of an acre, situated in an improving locality, daily being ren dered more valuable by the Municipal works now in progress. Terms — Half cash, and half at three months : Lot 6. ? ? . . All that piece or parcel of land, situate' in the parish of .Cut-Paw-Paw, containing by admeasure ment ten acres, beiag part of allotment B, of section No. 9, of Baid parish. - . This very desirable allotment is situated near the main road from Footscray to Williamatown Railway, and has a reserved road leading to the Stony Creek, where an excellent supply of water is obtainable, thus rendering it an excellent position for a dairy man, as it is well- grassed, and near good mar kets. ? .....;. . ? : ... Terms at sole. In bringing these various properties before the public, for tho particular reason abovenamed, the. auctioneers request that application may be made to them personally for all further information. '1 ' 'TO-MORROW. ; ?. ? ~ To Boot and Shoe Makers, Storekeepers', Dealers, ' ' '.' ' and Others. ? ; 95 Trunks Boots and Shoes, Manufactured by Edwin ? ?-'..- Bostock. ? ? ? . Just Landed, ex Chancellor. g- YMONS aud PERRY will sell by auction, at ) their new rooms, Collins-street, on Tues day, Dth.inst., at eleven o'clook, ... 95 trunks boots and shoes, manufactured by Mr. Edwin Bostock,.cbnsisting of— . , ' Ladies' cashmere lace and elastic boots, cban-: '. ' nels : ? .. '.'',.. ' , Do do do boots, welts ' . _' ; ?_ ? , ' Do.ctoth do, cordovan' gbloshed do' ' ''''. ' ; ' ' ' Do do enamelled do Women'B cordovan front-lace boots Do euamelled slippers ?? ( ;; . ' Children's cordovan bootB, 6-9 . - ?'.. Dodo do, 10-13 Doclothdo, 0-9 Do colored cashmere do^elnstlo, 4-5 and G-9 ' 1 Do black cloth button do, V-5 ,. . ? - ':. . Dp cashmere do do, 2-5 ?;-.. ' -. ,. Do enamelled.ankle. straps, C-9l Terms— £100 and under, cash; above that sum 25 per ceut, cash . deposit, balance, by bill at jtbree months, to be endorsed if required. _ . 80 POSTPONEMENT? OF SALE. '. : Auction Nolice. ? WHBATLEY and BLISS beg to notify that .the great sale of Freehold Properties at . ' . Warrnambool ) ..... ..-.i is postponed nntilfurther notice, on account ofal the properties not being ready for immediate Bale. , 31 Queen street 15th January. 12 , ' Sales 6» iaucttoiv. ? 71 THIS DAY. To Speculators, Persons Seeking Investment?, and Othors. Unreserved Sale of Valuable Freehold Property. By Order of the Executor and Trustee of the late George Scarlett. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the executor and trustee of the late George Scarlett to Bell by »uction, at their pew rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 8th inet., at twelve o'clock, Lot 1. 20 acres, a little more or less, part of section 7, parish of Tullamarine, county of Bourke, ten miles from Melbourne, on the Deep Creek road, and near the Beech Tree Hotel, on whioh is erected a good substantial weatherboard house, standing on a front age of 36 feet, by a depth of 26 feet. There is also a .splendid tank, well built of atone.with a good supply of water. The land is all fenced in. Lot 2. All that pieoe or paroel of land situate in Ea9t Coliingwood, having a frontage of 103 feet 6 inches to Park street, by a depth along Stafford street of 75 feet. Tho above is a splendid corner allotment, and is worthy the attention of persons seeking investments. Terms liberal, declared at sule. The auctioneers wish to call the attention of capi talists and speculators to the above really choice properties as being of sterling quality, and are to be sold to the highest bidder. ? 29 ; THIS DAY. To Parties on the; look out for. Superior .'Building ' . Sites, Speculators, and Others. Land situate at East St. Kilda. CJ YMONS and PERRY will Bell by auction, at O their new rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 8th inst., at twelve o'clock, . - ? Unleas previously disposed of by private contract, All those valuable plots of land, situate at East St. Kilda, being portions No, l'JO B, containing 4a. 2r. lip. No, 203 A, containing . fia. Or. 12p. No. 203 B, containing 4a. 3r. 4p. The above lot, 203 B, has the advantage of being a very valuable corner allotment, having frontages to two Government roads, of one chain wide j the other two lots have. frontages to Government roads and are in a ?yery commanding situation, and close to the properly purchased by W. J. T. Clarke, J. Bakewell, J. Gill, Esqrs, and others.. ', , The above property will be offered first in the original Government allotments, and in the event of ?thelr.notbein.^ sold they will then be submitted in smaller, allotments, as per plan to be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers, .,?''.'' I . ..., Titlq— grants from the Crown. :. Terms— One-third cosh ; balance by bills at three and Bix months, the laBt bill bearing bank interest. ' ?? ? ???-???' ???':'..;??'?' . 29 . ' : ; ' ? THIS DAY.1 ' ~~ To Speculators, Capitalist's, Merchants, and Others. Sale of 'Valnable Goverrime'nt Allotment,' at-' North. Melbourne. For- Positive Sale. QYMONS and PERRY will sell. by auotion, at their 0 new rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 8th inst., at twelve o'clock, . ' '. AU that piece or parcel of land, having 'a frontage of 68 feet to Wreckyn street, by a depth of 132 feet, being allotment No. 4, of section 12, North Melbourne. . . . . Terms liberal, declared at Sale. The above allotment of land is situated only a few allotments from the great Flemington road, aud offers a capital opportunity to persona seeking in vestments in the above locality. \- ? Title unexceptionable. ? 29 . . : THIS DAY. To Small Capitalipls, Speculators, and Others. Two Fine Building Allotments of Land at : B.oroondara. . QYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at their kJ new rooms, Collins street, on Monday, 8th inst., at twelve o'olock, Two fine .building allotments of land, situate in the parish of Boroondarft, each having a frontage of 134 feet to F*itzwilllam street, by depths reapeotively of 138 feet along a Government rood, and of 138 feet along Abbeygate street, ;both corner lots, being part of portion 72, of same parish. Terms — half cash, half three months. The above is in close proximity to the Boroondara Family Holnl, and a plan of the snmo can be Been at the rooms of the auctioneers. ' Title good. ? 29 TO-MORROW. To the Boot and Shoe Trade, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Peremptory Clearing- out Sale of tho Season. 25U Trunks Boots and Shoes.' SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from Merers. De Pass Brothers aud Co., to sell by auction, at their new rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, 9lh insfc., at twelve o'clook, 250 triiaks boots and shoes, consisting of— Men's calf boots, elastio sides ' Do patent kid do Do calf Wellingtons Do patent do Do calf bluchers Do sprigged do Do ahort Wellington's Women's elastic side cashmere boofs 1 . Do lace-side cashmere bootB Do colored cashmere boots Do button boots 'Do leather do Children's leather boots Do cashmere button and lace bools, &c.; TermB liberal, declared at sale. The trade are particularly desired to attend the above sale, as the ^auctioneers' instructions are to sell to the highest bidder, as a clearing-out eale of all summer stock. 2G WEDNESDAY. 10th FEBRUARY. To Speculators, Newly-arrived Immigrants, and : Others. Valuable Allotment of Land at Essendon. '????- ? A Splendid Corner Lot. SYMONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at their new rooms, Collins Btreet, on Wednesday, 10th inst., nt twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, situated in the coifnty of Bourke, colony of Victoria, parish of Doutta Galla, at Essendon, being allotment No. 21, bounded- on the north by the Five-Mile Creek, on the east by Napier street, on the south by Glass street, and on tbe west by allotment No. 20, contain ing by admeasurement 7 aores 2 roods, more or less. Title — a grant from the Crown. The auctioneers wish to, call the attention of per sons. on the look-out for a small piece of land within an easy distance of town to the above, as being very desirable, having the advantage of being a corner lot, and on a good macadamised road the whole way, and the instructions are to Bell : Without reserve, 27 WEDNESDAY, 10th FEBRUARY. ' Important Sale of Property in Brunswiok street, ? ; ' . Coliingwood. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others SYMONS and PERRY are instructed by the owner to submit to public competition, at their new auction mart, Collins street, ou Wednesday, 10th inst., at twelve o'olock, ' ; ' All those pieces or paroels of land, being portion 'of section No 84, Coliingwood, deEcribefl on plan of subdivision aa Lot No 210, Having a frontage of 43 feet to Brunswick street by' a depth of 120 feet along Reil'.y street. Lot 214,. -? ? Frontage 33 feet to Brunswick street, by the same depth as above, ?????. Lots 212 and 213. . Same dimensions as above. ? ; - ' ? Lot 211, ? ; ? ; - ? Having a frontage of 39 feet6inoheB to Brunswick street, by a depth of 120 feet along Cecil Btreet. Title unexceptionable. ' : As this valuable, property is situated in a moat improving part of Coliingwood, immediately oppo site the ? . ? ??? ..- - William Tell Hotel, where all'.the traffic of the main street concentrates, an excellent opportunity is offered for obtaining a desirable business stand and a remunerative invest ment, as this locality is daily increasing in import ance. ???.:? ? ° ?* Terms liberal, will be deolared.'at' time cf sale. . ' ?? '' PRELIMINARY NOTICE. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from J; M'Ew8n, Esq., who is proceeding to England, . to offer for sale at . hia residence. Beach street, St Kilda, ' : The whole of. his superior and valuable household furniture and effects, comprising . , Dining, drawing, and bed room furniture ; Valuable and well selected library of books 1 Family, phiEton for 1 or 2 horses Pair first-rate horses, cow, &c;,, &c.; Further particulars in a future advertlsemenlj Sales b}- auction. TO-MORROW. To Boot and Shoo Dealers and Other?. 23 Trunks Assorted Boots and Shoes, Sold to Clcsa Accounts. SYMONS end PERRY will sell by auction, at their new rooms, Collins street, on Tues day, 9lh inst., at twelve o'clock, 22 trunks assorted bools and shoes, comprising— Military bluchorB Dress side-spring boots Calf bluchers Calf.oxonians Grained Napoleons. Terms at sa'e. SO WEDNESDAY, 10th FEBRUARY. Salt' 8 Ale. For the Benefit of Whom it may Concern. SYMONS and PERRY are instructed by the con signees to sell by auction, at their new rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday, 10th inat., at twelve o'olock, Without reserve. 30 hhds Salt's. Terms— caBh. . 30 FRIDAY, 12th FEBRUARY. To Connoiseurs of the Fine Arts. Gentlemen Fur* nishing, Artists and Others. Important Sale 'of Superior Parian Ornaments, &o.; SI'MONS and PERRY will sell by auction, at their new rooms, Collins streot west, on Friday, 12th inst., at twelve o'clock, A select assortment of Parian ware, consisting of— 2 Parian figures, Tragedy and Comedy 4 do do, Earth, Air, Fire, and Water 1 do do, Little Dorrit 1 do do, King Lear 1 do do, Boy and Dolphin 1 do do, Evangeline 1 do do, group, Romeo and Juliet Busts of Sir Walter Scott, Professor Wilson, Clyte, Sir W. Dargan, and Lord Gough 2 largo Parian vases, ruby linings 2 smaller do do, blue do 2 tall embossed vases, 2 smaller do 2 Renaissance vases 6 Parian bread platters Parian flower bowls and baskets, butter-coolers, and baskets 2 pairs triamphoras and stands, &c.; Also, : Rich'y enamelled and gilt dessert ware and presentation cups and saucers, richest: pattern A select assortment of fine white Worcester china breakfast and tea ware. The attention of gentlemen of tusto, aad those seeking elegant and chaste ' ornaments for their . dra* ing-rooms, is invited to the above sale, as such an opportunity rarely occurs for the selection from au assortment so varied and choice as that here offered. ' ??-:.-? .... Terms at sale. ? 30 ' FRIDAY, 12th FEBRUARY. Important Sale of Valuable Form, near Melbourne, : ' on the Saltwater lliver. To be Sold to' Close a Partnership. SYMONS and PERRY have reoeived instructions from the proprietors (o!i account of closing » partnership) to sell by public auction, at their new roomR, Collins-street, on Friday, 12th1 inat., at one o'olock. Without the slightest reserve, Tho Glengyle Estate, containing 468 acres 1 rood 3G porches of first- clnss agricultural land, being portion of suction 1 parish of Tultamarinc, situated on the Saltwater River, about twelve miles from Melbourne, and one mile from Keilor, whioh last named place offers a capital market for all farm pro duue. Title unexceptionable. The auctioneers can confidently recommend tho above to be as good if not superior to any agricul tural land in the district ; it is all fenced and sub divided into convenient sized paddocks, aud is partly under cultivation, there iB also an abundance of fresh water at all seasons on ii, and being within an easy distance from Melbourne and a good macada mised road nearly all the way. Plans can be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. ? 30 THIS DAY. Broadmeadows and Moonee Pondp, in tho Parish of Will-Will-Rook. Sale of Three Government Blocks. By Order of the Official Assignee in the Estate of W. J. Hutching. Without Reserve. WHEATLEY and BLISS have received instruc tions to sell by public auction, by order of the official assignee, at heir rooms, 31, Queen Btreet, on Monday. 8th Feb: uary, at twelve o'clock, Three Government blocks of land, situate at Broadmeadows, in the parish of Will- Will-Rook, viz': — ? ' . . .'. Allotment 32,, containing 3 acres and 26 perches. Allotment S3, containing. 3 acres and 34 perches. Allotment 34, containing 1 aore 1 rood and — perches.. These lands.are suitable for market-gardens, and to be sold without reserve. Title perfect. ? Tnrrnp— cash. ? 30 TO-MORROW. ' Coliingwood, Sale of Freehold.Land and Cottage, in Wellington streot, Coliingwood, opposite the Coliingwood Council Chamber. ; To Small Capitalists and Others. Without Reserve. WHEATLEY and BLISS bave received instruc tions from Mr Daniels to sell by public auo tion, on tbe premises, situate in Wellington street, opposite the Colliugwood Council Chamber, on Tues day, 9th inst., at one o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontago of 40 feetto Wellington-street, by a dopta of 60 feet, on wh.ich.JB erected, ? A two-roomed cottage. From the fact of this property being opposite the' Coliingwood Council Chamber, its ultimate increased value cannot be questioned. ' The title is perfect. Terms — Half cash, balance three month?. 30 MONDAY, 15th FEBRUARY. Maribyrnohg Estate, Saltwater River. Sale of FarmBj Large Stone Buildings and Quarry Property, by order of the Executrixes. of the lats JoBeph Raleigh; Esq., in 38 lots, '' For Absolute Sale. WHEATLEY and BLISS have been favored 'with instructions from the Executrixes of the late) Joseph Raleigh, Esq., to submit to public competi tion, at their rooms, 31 Queen street, on Monday, 15th February, at twelve o'olock, A portion of the well-known Maribyrnong Estate, on the Saltwater River, Bub-divided into' 38 Farms, of various dimensions, viz. :— . Lotl. Containing, by admeasurement, 2 acre rood 8 perches, being a corner block to. two Government road;. Lots 3 to 10, and 15 to'22. 16 farms, each containing' by admeasurement 2 acres and a quarter of rich and deep black soil, and eaoh having a frontage of 250 feet to a Government road. Lot 11. Containing 2 acres 1 rood and 19 perches, being a corner block to two Government roads, one being the road to Ballanrat. Lots 12 and 13. Containing 3 acres (more or lees), fronting the Ballaarat road. ~ Lot 14. Containing 4 acres and a half, fronting two Go« vernmont roads, one being the Ballaarat road. \- , ? Lots 2 and 23. ? . Containing each 2 acres and a quarter, and having a frontage to a Government road. Lot 24. Containing 2 acres 1 rood and 8 perches, and having a frontage to two Government roads. ? ; i ? Lots 25 and 26. Each corner blocks to two Government roads, containing about 11 acres each of rich and deep black soil. ? ? ? . ? Lots 27 4o 30. Four farms, each containing 12 acres, and having a frontage to a Government; road. Lot I'll. 10 acreB 28 perches. (So I d.) : Lots 32 o.Tid 33. Two farms, each, containing respectively 10 and 12 acres, having frontages to two Government roads, 'one being the road to Ballaarat. LotEW. . A magnificentfarm, fronting the Saltwater River on the one side and tho Ba'Caorat road on the other, adjoining Baleigh's Punt, containing Jjy admea»ur« 