?aloa by AUOUOK. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 62 Cases of Saddlery. < Ironmongery. Plated Wire. Ex Planet. For Unrosorvod Sale. FBASÉBand COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at the Mart, on an earl; day. duo notice sol which will bo given, ' , Bx Planet, > P in circle, 1-62 at side, C2 oases, consisting of- < Portable children's porambalators " S "food screws alf-tester bedsteads Brougham lamps, stainod glass Cutlery , t Cast-iron kitchen grates ' All-over-hogBkln gentlemen's saddles ) ~,'X)o ladies' embroidered do -« ,, .Waggoners' whips Giuott's pens \- " JUcctro-plato dossort dishes So note and coko baskots *" De dlslicovers ' > JBlcck-Un do _ i Wove iron wiro cloth lattlco wiro Registered Iron trays , Sinlngroom gratos, polished bars. -*- Also, t. London-built wicker dogcarts, ptitont si ring s and mall axles, lanoowood shafts, Terms at Sale. THUBBDAY, JANUARY 27. CO Orates Assorted Crockery. TD1BASEB and COHEN have received iu _T etructions to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Mart, cn Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, ¡-, CO crates assorted crockeiy. Now landing. full particulars in future issue. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, JANUARY 27. ¿ On account of whom it may oou coin. Ex Emma. 2 Cases Writing-Paper. , FBASEB and COHEN have received in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their zooms, on Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, Ex Emma, M, M In diamond, O and M on side, X cases wrltlng-papor, consisting of Large thin blue wove pott ' Do creamlaid do Do thick do Blue wove medium bank do Hiddle creamlaid post, &e; _Terms-Cash._ THURSDAY, JANUARY 27. Two Iron Stores, at the cornel of King and Joffcctt streets. F BASER and COHEN have received in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, corner of King and Jeffcott streets, on Thurs- day, January 27, at 12 o'clock, A substantial two atory Iron Btoru or dwclllnghome, i wood lined throughout, with Btrong cast-iron l columns. Dimensions, l8 feet frontage, 82 feet depth. Also, An iron store, 16 by 80 feet. These stores are now erected at cornor of King and Jeffcott streets, and to persons desirouB of commono irjg business on the diggings or lines of railway, they cfler an opportunity rarely to be mot with, _Terms at Sale._ TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1. J 70 Capitalists, Trustees, and Persons Seeking Pirat Claia and Bate Investments. I Important Sale by Auction Of ono of tho Finest City Properties over Offered in Holbourne. ' Unequalled Opportunity Ter Purchasers of Property in tho most Central Part Of Ellzabeth-streot. ¡ That Well-known Hostelry, tho 1 City Armi Hotel, i Situate at tho Corner of Eilzaboth and Li Trobo Streets. Shops and Other Buildings, , ~ Fronting Elizabeth-street. Two Allotments fronting La Trobe-strcct. And, Four Allotments, Fronticg a BJght-of-Woy off La Trohc-strcet. f BASER and COHEN have been fivored with instructions norn John'Hoonoy,' , to SELL by AUCTION, on tbo ground,' en "Tuesday, February 1, at 12 o'clock, ' The following valuable city properties, subdivided AS follows : Loti. Allotment ot land, having a frontage of 42 foot 0 inches to Elizabeth-street, by a depth or o her frontage along La Trobe- stroot of 82 feet 6 inches, on which Is created that «ubitantlallj.built two , btoricdi brick building known an the City Arma Hotel, together with tho Btau es, outbuilding«, \- - Ac , tho whole being one of the most comfortable and convenient publichouses in tho elly. Lot 2 Allotment of land, having a front ego to Elizabeth street of 28 foot 3} Inches, by a depth of Si test 8 inches, on which is erected a two-Btoriod brick .hop, at present in the occupation of Mr. Edward Smith, as a leather warehouse, i ' Lot 8 Allotment fronting Elizabeth street, 28 feet 8{ inches, by a depth of 82 feet 2 Inches, on which is erected a weatherboard building, in tho occupa- tion of Mr. J. C. GrasB!O, as a provision store. Lots 4 to 6 have each a frontago to Elizabeth-street of 28 feet S3 inches, by a depth of 82 feet 2 inches. Lot 7. Allotment ol land has a frontage to La Trobo street of l8 feet 11 Inches, by a depth or other frontago of fil feet 6 inohes along a right-of-way 12 feet wide. This allotment has also a right-of-way at the rear ol 12 feet wide. Lot 8. Allotment of land, having a frontago of IS feet 11 Inches to La Trobe-street, by a depth of 68 feet 8 inches. LotB9tol2 have each a frontage toa right-of-way 12 feet wide, leading from La Trobe- street, of 23 foci 3£ inches, hy a depth of 87 feet 10 inches. ; The auctioneers, in placing tho ahovo splendid pra- tt rties beforo the public, deem it only necessary to call attention to the advantago in point of situation vileh it posaeBscs in being situated in the most lufctllng thoroughfare ia Melbourne, and consequently rilenmr an opportunity for investment in nn un Ooúbtedly Improving locality which but rarely offers, i She boto!, sltuato on allotment Ko, 3, Is weil and i ubstantially built, is ono ol tho best-known hostel tics in Melbourne, replete with every convenieret», ir.tl so situated as alwayB to command a nrit-rato linslECBE. The shop, ereclod on allotment No. 2, Is also a Jim-class building. Tho allotments are all admirably situated for busl xeie purposes. Plans ot tho above may bo Beon at tbo rooms lie auctioneers. Terms, Liberal, declared at Salo._ , FRIDAY» JANUARY 28. Drapery. Drapery. Drapery. Slops For FoBltive Sale, To Clear up Sundry Consignments. To Drapers, Outfitters, Milliners, Country Store- keepers, Dealers, and Others, J WADE, of Wada and Gowan, has beon a instructed by tho importers to BELL by ÏUBLIÇ AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Colllnc-^treeS cast, on Triday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, - The following goods, to clear up sundry conslgn xrcntB ! Bets of book collara and sleovos Barego drosses Infanta' marnies flounced muslin robcB PlchpoLlin drosses InfanU' frocks and robes "Women's Dno merino vests Ladles' embroidered underclothing 1 Men's grey and br-iwn cotton half hose , t "Women's white cotton lioso | Bupcrior ncodlos, in fancy bsxos > Men's superior lambswool shirts and pants " ladios' nankeen jackets ' Do drab alpaca do, with hoods Do black glace mantles flo flounced organdie drotsci , Do fancy chip and dunstalle bonnels Do leghorn and straw hate Men's alpaca coats and vests Gentlemen's gra scloth coats and vests Soys' and youths' casmetto sacs Men's drab molo trousers Do fancy tweed and deo tranters SO and 86 inch grey calico And a quantity of other goods, i Term» at S»l». 1 \ jt THIS DAY. î" Unreserved Sale of Fino Agricultural Land at Mordi alloc, Worthing, Mulgrave, and of splendid Building I BUM at the Red Bluff and Northcote. BU"u,nS i ~nj "LSTAB and WALTON have received" f V instnl6Uû»B to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins-street weat, Tcmple-oonrt, on W«d> netdsy, January 26, at 12 o'clock, Tho following prdpeiî'es, and they desire respect» fully to call special attention to them, as they will bo found to bo all well worth consideration; 1. Mordialloc, Agricultural This property consists of 82 acres, moro or leas, being part of allotment 2 scotion 10, having a frontage rf 10 chains to tho Dandcnong-road, ii heavily timbered, will pay well for cloating, and, will be found to bo a Uno rich loamy soil. 8. Worthing, MaiLotgordou Land, lilli proccrty consistí of 8 acres, being part of por- tion 87, and lots 42, 48 44 and 46, on a pi in of subdivision ; will bo BL Id in two-acre lots, and is worth tho attention of any person desiriug to havo a markotgarden, for which tbo Boil Is pecu- liarly adapted, it being well known that some of the finest vegetables are grono in this locality. It is only 10 miles from town, and tho metalled 0»d runs to within a few feet of tho property. S. ' Mulgrave. Agricultural. This proporty consists of two blocks, one of 21 acres and anothor of 12 acres, being 7, 8, 9,10, 28, 20, BO, 81,82, 38, 84, and (6 ol a subdivision or part of portion 78. This neighborhood 1B so well 1 uown for its excellent agricultural qualities, that it Is deemed superfluous to say moro than that it is cine of the prettiest and most improving suburb]. The auctioneers call attention to the very libaral terms of payment for this property, viz. :-onc-fuurtti cash, and tho remainder in thrco equal instalotcut», at lix, 12, and IS months', with bank interest. , 4. Rod Bluff, B milos from Brighton. Building Bites. Ibis property consists of 80 acres, being section 83, offers a most ellglblo opportunity of seuirintr a fino building site, as It has not only an cxtcnyvo view of tho bay and tho coast goncrallj, but of tho surrounding country aa well. It will bo solp In one lot, thus giving gentlemen tho chanco of scouring a Uno block to surround their resldencs. It is within a very short distance of the fine catato Of O. H. Ebden, Esq., M.L.A. Northcote. Building Site. Ibis proporty consists of 6 acres, being allotment £8, and part ot section 101. It is situate a riiort distance beyond the toll-bar, in tbo immediate \ ic'ulty of tbo best residences lu this bigbly-picturesque and Improving suburb, and will bo sold in one lot, an ad- vantage not to bo loat Bight of in those days of I Imlting building sites to a few f oet of ground. Plana of all the above properties can bo Been and every information obtained at the auctioneers' roon», 86 CoUhiB-Btreot west, opposito Temple-court, where the sale of tho properties will bo hold on Wednesday, ?I January 26 at 12 o'clock. THIS DAY. "~ In the beautiful Vllbgs of Elsternwick, on tho Batch. iTTtrALSTAB and WALTON have the j.!eo f¥ »uro to announce that they have received in I«tractions to SELL by AUOTION, at their looms, 86 Colllns-streot west, Temple-court, on Wednesday, li January £G, at 12 o'clock, One of tlioBO boautlful and much-sought-after plots of ground in Elsternwick (adjoining Brighton), which run down to the beach, subdivided in lou, having from 80 to 100 feot frontages, to depths of nearly 800 feet. i The property is situated in tho carno road as, and II little beyond, tho beautiful grounds of B J. All jv no, Etq, adjoining Brighton, and there Ia nothing that the auctioneers can Bay that can for one moment come up to the real beauties of this favorite sp»t. It it a woll known fact that at the Government Eales of the allotments in Elsternwick there is always a mott spirited competition ; but it is not in the power of tbo Government to offer such building sitoa a» thi auctioneers ha\ o now tho plcasuro to nd\ ertlto for positive sale, and upon very easy terms of payment. Everyone who ia deairous of having a moat conve- nient-sized allotment for amarino cottage, closo to tho beach, in ono of tho prettiest places in tho colony, is Invited to Inspect the plan and the property itself, and not fall to attend on the day of salo, Wodnesday, January 20, at 12 o clock, At tho auctioneers' rooms, 86 Collins street west_ "~ FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. i Sale of Furniture and ottnr Household and Hi icol lanoous Effects. WALSTAB and WALTON will SELL by AUOTION, at tholr rooms, 85 Collins-street west. Templo-court (at their usual weekly sale), at 2 o'clock, A dining table, cottage chairs, marblo top wash stand and dressing-table, chlffonnioro, tiooh caso, with glazed doors ; Wjitlng desk, iron bodstead, iron chair, occasional tablo, n % ery elegant writing-table and secretary Togothor with Other household articlos. Laoies and gontlemon requiring singlo articles of fnrnltnro aro invited to attend this sale. The articles on view on the day before ard on morning of sale. Terms-cash. N.B. The auctioneers will hold a aalo of tiri de- scription every Friday; and partios having articlos to dispose of should send them into the rooms early in the wcok to cnsnro tholr lnsoitlon in tho epi- logue. Parties, also, whoso houses aro not comaio i dlonsly or conveniently situated to hold a sale of their furnituro upon the premises, will find thii an economical and advantageous mode of disposing of It, and the auctioneers will sond furniture- vans and careful men to removo it, and make a cish ad\ anco when required. "~ THIS DAY. On tbo Auatralian Wharr. 1 Malt Bin, Zinc, S.o. To Timber Dealers and Others. \XT EASBY and Oo. will SELL by AÜO fV . MON, on the Australian Whait, on Wodues day, January 20, at balf-p'st 10 o'clock, 1 malt bin, zinc, &c; No rc3orvo. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At No. i Shod, Australian Wharf, at Half-past 10 o'clock. vHhdB. Leif Tobacco. To Tobacconists aud Other*. WEASEL and Oo. will SELL by AU'J . TION, at No. 4 8hcd, Australian Wharf, on Wcdncday, Januaiy 20, at half-paat 10 o'clock. Ex Emma, JO i hhds leaf tobacco, Moro or less damaged by soawatsr, and sold for t io benefit of whom it may concern. TorroB- CÍBII. No reserve. THI3 DAY. At tho Stores of Messrs. Smith, Hcrry, and Co., Flinders lane west. Opposite Langlands* Foundry, Ironmongery, Hollownre, Dog-Oort». Powder, Canvas, OhsifcutttrB, Threshing Machino, &o.; To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Badolcrr, and Others. WEASEY and Co.have received icstitic. a tiona from Messrs. Bmith, Merry, nr>d Cr., to LELL by AUCTION, at their stores, Minde ri I ma «est, opposlto Longlands'Foundry, on WcLicd&y;, January 26, ut 11 o'clock, 0 threshing-machlno?, 8-horeo power, by Joliu Gray und Co., of Uddingston 6 No. 1 chaffcultcrs, manufactured by do C No. 2 do, do do , 12 casks and cases jopanncd naro, coi,Uii inf ¡Sets of toilet furniture«, foot-baths, candloeilck», patent tea and cólico puts, ht,nd anti i ollco lamps, oval teakettle», taucep&ns; and coven', oval and round tiayB, cash-boxes, ho -w ater jugs, ¡i.e. 7 cases can ¡ago lamps, containing Charlot, brougham, and gig lamps, [l.tciî a id brass mountings , Invoice bracswaro, by Harcourt and C\, of Birmingham, containing Boller-bllnd furnlturo, sash fastening", (brr handlcs, brackets, bolts, ventilators, &c.; , 3 casks a>sorted hardware, containing Butts, hinges, castors, knockors, Bach-roll rs, &c.; . 9 hhds, superior hollowaro, containing- I Oval and rouud pels and covois, saucepans-lull coi ern, brass-mounted teakettles, &c.; I ,. 7.caiilis cart-horseshoes, colonial pattern 4 do rldiiig-horta shoes """" 2 superior whitechapols , ¡ 1 do dogcart I Í00 quarter-barrels Curtis and Harvey'* bl.t ¡rp; powder , 80 half-cases sporting powder, Curtis awi Ifnr voy's 10 bales canvni, hall bloachcd, Nos. 1 to G 1 ton spunyarn 6 tons doming waste Tho attention of tho trado is solicited to the .i' n o tale of Ironmongery, &o.;, which is to he sold ' Without reBorvo. Terms at Solo. THIS DAY. At the Stores of Messrs. Smith, Merry, and Cj., Flindcrs-lano west. ! Opposite Langlands' Foundry; . Wire Fencing, Staudards, Oates, Iron Pots, Se To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Farmers, and oaiar'J WEASEY and Co. have received In a etructions from Messrs. Smith, Merry, and Co., to SELL hy AUCIION, at their Btoros, I li..>'er*. lano west, opposlto Langlands* Foundry, on Wodli?i dBy, January 20, at 11 o'clock, 1 imperial milo strong stralucd iron ard wire I fence, with standards completo . , ilmpeiial miles btroEg wire foncing for \,ood ¡ posts , | 12 wrought irrn Hold gates 2 tons iron potB, 8 to 0 gallons t'O tins nails._ THIS DAY. . On the Australian Wharf. At hilf-pait IO o'clock f-O.fPO Feet Ecotch i'iooiing T. aKd O. T>onr To Builders, Contractors, Timber ilirelin u, mia Others TXT EASES' and Co. v.iil SELL by AÜV Vy , TIOII, on tho Australian Wharf, on Wed- nesday, January 26, at half-post 10 o'o'.ock shin-, £0,100 feet Scuttib Î ru.d O. flooring, If, .\ t u Now landed In splendid condition, und tu he « Id , I Without reservo. I _Terms Liberal._ *" THURSDAY, JANUAKY 27." 1 Case Superior Brushwsro. . To Ironmongers end Otl.ori. ,' WEASEY and Où. will SELL by áUC ? 'J ION, at tbetr rooms, 83 Coll ino-ntreit west, on Thursday,, January 27, at 11 o'clock, 1 cas j superior brush» aro, well assorted, lirais nt Hale, i THURSDAY, JANUARY 87. To DealttB In Foreign CurioBlUe«, Fancy Ware , . i., . DB»1«"I MU Other». \ Important Sale of boautiful Tancy sholls. Shell-work Ornnraents, PoliBh'd Buffalo Horns, And He)ru iurniture. WEASEY und Co. will SELL by AÜO . TION, at their roomB, 88 ColllnB stroot wott, on Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, An elegant collection of shells, theil work, horns, * &c.;, comprising apecimens from »11 paris of the world, r Among; the most beautiful aro the- : VenuB and Nautilus shells ' Pearl shell Grcon snail do ' Taroo do , Cone do Voluta dQ Blick pearl oyster i Murex regus do , Black, while, and African murex. And -i A quantity of shell-work ornaments. ' Also, ¡ A very beautiful and elaborately-workod boudoir table, the work of the celebrated Comto de i Paroy. , , The above collection Is now on view at the rooms of i tbo auctionoors, aro in flrnt-rato ordor, and worthy tb.9i attention of lovers of conchology. Terms at Balo. THURSDAY, JANUARY 27. 10 Colls Manilla Rope. For whom it may concern. To Ironmongers and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO . TION, nt their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, On Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, Ex Karl of Eglinton, 10 coils Manilla ropo, J In. to 1J iu. , To bo sold for the bonofit of whom it may concern. No reservo. v I Terms-Cash. , ' THUB8DAY, JANUARY 27. 60 Bags Fine Blaok Irish Oats. .' 290 Do Da Whito Do Do. 800 Do Do Do 600 Do Caloutta Do. To Iiivery-Sttible Kcopors, Coach Proprietors, Cora Factors, intr EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUO1 JJ « TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street wont, «n Thunda}, January 27, at 11 o'olock, E0 bags fine black IriBh oats 200 do do white do do 800 do do do I 500 do Calcutta do. ' Prior to the sale of fancy goods. > Tho attention of tho trade and buyers generally is) requested to tho above Unreserved sale of oati. ! _Terms Liberal._, , THUBSDAY, JANUARY 27. To Furnlturo Dealers and Othors. t _ 111 CasoB Superior American Chairs. ' TIT" EASBY and Co. will SELL by ADO-' TV . TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street weat,, on Thursday.JJanuary 27, at 11 o'clock, ' 12cases 12 dozen common wood-seat chairs, dark ornamented I 11 do 11 do Quiney do, gilt rose 38 do l8 do serpentine spindle do, stripe > 16 do 16 do crown-top Baltimore, cano ¡ 47 do 17 do serpentino do, w oo d IO do 10 do best arm wood office do, largo I 6 do 6 do oak arm chairs ? lido 11 do bent arm cane ofllcodo 8 do Ido cane back and spindle rocking do I 1 do 2 do do nurse do , 6 do 6 do children's wood cillée do, low. Tho abovo aro all froth goods, and entirely new patterns, just landed, and aro worthy the attention of i tho trade. , Terms at Bale, I THURSDAY, JANUARY 27. 1 Caso Elegant French Gilt Porcelain Ornaments To Gentlemon, Fanoy Warehousemen, and Others EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUO j TION, at thelrrooms,38Colllr3 BtrcotwoJt, on Thursday, January 27, at It o'olock, 1 caso elegant French gilt porcelain ornament',1 very bandsomo, . _Terms-Cash._I THUBSDAY, JANUARY 27. j 10 Cases Winfield's Bodsteads To Furnlturo Warehousemen and Othcis. 1 WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO . TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins street west,; on Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, i 10 cisos WinQold a patent bedsteads, comprising 1 It 6 x 6ft 6, aft 6 x Oft, 2ft 9 x 0 it, 6 ft x 2 f t 6, &e; j Of the newost end most elegant designo. j _Terms at Bale._i THUBSDAY, JANUARY 27. I Two Ellgiblo Brick and Verandah Homos, t Domain-road, South Yarro. I To Gentlemon, Tradesmen, Speculators, and Others. I{ WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO-'. » TION, at their rooms, 83 Coll'us-strcct wost,¡1 on Thursday, January 27, at 1 o'clock, J All thoso two valuable stuccoed brick and verandah): detached houses, each containing six room»,) Blated, spoutod, and finished In a tory superior) manner, each occupying a frontage of 28 feot 0 inches to Millswyu-stroct, Dcnicin road, by al depth of IBS feet, with a right-uf way between j each house. j Are now occupied by highly respectablo tenants, at a rental of 2f. per woek each: and being situated i in a favorite and improving locality, will always com-i mund high rents. l: Alco, i An adjoining allotment of land, having a frontage of 8» foot, by a depth of 135 foot. j, Title poifcot. I Terms at tato. [ Plans may be seon at tho rooms of tho auctioneers, i FRIDAY, JANUABY 28. ~ On tho Australian Wharf. I £5,000 Foot Log Cedar. I Entiro Cargo ex Gem Io Cabinetmakers, limber Merchants, Builders, and. Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO-; s TION, on the Australian Wharr, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, Entiro cargo ex Gem. 66,0C0 feet log cedar. Now landing, and to be sold without roeei ve. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, n On tho Australian Wharf. Ï . 810,000 Feet Amorlcan Lumbor. i / Ex Florida, from New York. To Timber Morchants, Builders, Contractors, and Othors. J I WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO , TION, on tho Australian Wharf, ou Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, Ex Florida, from Now York, . 28,118 feet I inch carpenters' clear, 11 to 22 in lioaj wide, and 12 to l8 fuot lengths , 20,933 do li do d8,10 to 20 inches wide, and V (O l8 feet lengths I 67,127 do 1} do do, 10 to 20 Inches wide, and 5 to 20 feet lengths I 41,010 do 2 do do, 10 to SO inches wide, mid 8 to l8 feet longths ,. 63,026 do 1 do hootch floorinr, 6 inches wide, and 13 feet lengths 10,120 do i do sheathing hoards ' 8,000 do 2J, 2J, U, mid 8J inch carpenter.,' cleari of extra quality, 10 to 20 Inches wido I 12,021 feet epruce battens, 3 lncheB wido, 13 feet i lengths i 71,263 do yellow piuo tongued and grooved. flooring, 1J, l8 to 20 feot lengths 26,125 do sawn scantlings j 180,000 masons' laths , Tho attention of the trade Is lollcitcd to the solo or tho above cargo, which cannot be equalled by uny1 offered this seaBcn at public salo. TermB, as usual, very Lihcrol._ ' ' MONDAY, JANUABY 81. 12 Butts OOBons's Blierry. 11 Hogsheads Do Do 116 Quart or-Casks Do. Do. Bting Portion of the Cargo ox Solide, intended for I the Melbourne Market From Cadiz Direc ' To Morchants, Vino and Spirit Merclionts, Store- keepers, and tho Irado t,euei ally. WEASEY and Co. bave received m a structionB from Messrs Parbury. Lamb, and Co, to SELL by AUOilON, at their rooms, Collin6-street west, on Monday, January 81, at The undermentioned batch o! superior then les, ex Eclido, from Cadiz. , FP, double plamond, VP conjoined ? 2 butts, 12 hhd", and 100 quarter casks very p«lo "herry. . Double grapes, VP conjoined Î butts, l8 hhds., and 100 quartor-casVs >or> palo therry. , Double diamond, P under 1 hhd and 17 quarter casks palo ehorry ' _ Double grape, PB under 1 butt, 1 hhd., and 17 quarter ca»ks pale iherry. Three diarrond, VP conjoined under- ' 2,butts, 7 lihds, and 62 qr. casks wy pale shorrj. __ , , , Ihreo grape, VPS conjoined lbutt, 2hudj, and 33 quarter casks vny pile sherry. " Three grape, P under 2 hhds and 10 quarter-casliB fine palo sherry. Tour diamond, VP conjoined under 2 butte, 8 hhds, and 80 i|uarlcr casks superior vciy polo do. , * Tour diamond, P under- i I 2 hhds. and 10 quarter casies sui crior palo sheriy.1 OS, VP ponjolucd nuder- t J < 1 butt, 1 hhd,, and 20 quartor-caeks parlipaUr, very palo sherry. i OS, P under- ' lhbd. and 3 eiuirier-casks particular, ^ery pela Crown and anchor, VP conjoined under- J 7 nuartcr-casks very choice sherry. SLA, AWF conjoined under 8 quarter caekB Soloran palo sherry. 7 aunrtcr cn'l.s Uno Amontillado sherry. Also, . Ex Experience- ' lOOcaskB Bja'Va ale, 1 dozen iich KO do do do porter, 1 di do. , Ex Northern Crown YJ £C0 caslia Byaas'a ale, 1 dozen o&ch; ' , 10 dj do porter, I do do. Ex Owen Glendower. , JOfO ca cs Byass's koy brand geneva. ix Sussex 16hbdc Martc'l's brnnd-, lb56. h-t Heather Bell. , B bl dr. Kartell's brandy, 1W6. 5ho nuctlortci». m calling tbo attention of J Hie fudc to "bo above ¿nie of very super tor'¡»li***W» utiirstothat tbo sberrieo htvo notas y«beeuin lerOnt were tranehlpred direct from the l/ulidc ii» mdiately upon her arrival al Sydney. ¿.B.-tamplcB of tho above sherri es »»ta« ilcii thiíe day« pitvlouB to talc, and tho trado is re m leteilufpetltbosarae , 1 Jtr its libera), rt sale THURSDAY, FEBRUARY Í. Valuable City F'onerty. Situate in Victoria-! tre et, between Swanston and Elizabeth streots, and known as A lisa-terra co. 'Adjoining the premises of Messrs. Ashley and Reales1» % coach manufactory, and Messrs. Reynold« and ? rnglisb, general carrie« and comprising ' . Jtbfiv Ciplial Tttfi-stoly Brick-built Houses. Yo Capitalist?, Men of Bucluess, Trustees, Privato Families, and others desirous of investment or obtaining a flist-ciass city property. W EASBY and Oo. have received Ia« . cttuctiona to SELL by AUCTION, on Thura das»jrebruary 8, at 12 o'cloek, All that picco orparcBl of land, Bituato in Victoria« . i street, having a frontage of - by o depth ot - -Upon this land aro creeled - Three substantial uricU-built six-roomedhouios.'; Ground-floor contains ontrance-ball, ilttlngroom, bedroom, kitchen, Ac. Onc-pnir floor, drawlngroom and two bedrooms. These houses aro well built, and havo a bold archi ttcturnl elevation. For situations for value orbusi niss can suipats tins, it being in the very centre o traffic, in this impoitant part of tbo town. The vrhi lo of tho houses are lot to highly rospecatabloten> ants, and produce a rental of £-. To pan les in search ct a really good and eafo investment, the aucticrce" can confidently reconimond this pro- perty . Fnrthcr particulars at tho rooms of tho auo Uficci Title unexceptionable. Terms, Libo ia], declared at Sale, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8. DcBlrablo Slx-roomod House, Tivoii-placo, Punt-blll, South "narra, To PatliOB in Search of a Comfortablo and Genteel Residence, Capltallit», and Others. W EASBY nnd Co. have received instruo 0 Mons rrcm the owner to SELL by AUCTION, at their roomB,88Co]llns- atreot,onlhursday,Febru»ry 8, at 12 o'clock, A cemfortab'o and woll-bul't six-roomed houso, situated livolt-place, Punt-hill, South Yarra j with kitchen, siabllug, and convenient out offices, 40 feet frontage, by 200 feet doptb. Patties In search if a comfortablo tosidenco would do woll to in Bpcot this property f Tltlo unexceptionable. Terms Liberal. AUCTION BALES BY MR. STUBBS. MB. STUBBS will sell by auction, at the undor mentioned times and places : Saturday 22,-Household furniture and[ofrocts, on the premisos, cornor of William and Bourko stroota. 26th January.-At Bear's Auction-rooms, Qucon »treet, TheCallatin Estato, Bituato on tho Yarra, opposlto tho Sorvoy Paddock. 20th January.-On tho promises, cornor of Lonsdalo and Spencer-streets. By ordor of His Honor Mr. Justtco Williams, uable Household Furnlturo, Libiary, Barouche, & a, So. Aftor which Two Years' Lease of the House, Store, &o.; 81st January. The Villago of Gretna Green, Purlsh of Tullama- rine, altuato on tho othor Bide of the toll bar, Deep Crook road. 2nd February.-On the promises, corner of Rorea-i Parade and Punt Road, Richmond, House and Land, Fronting tho Richmond Paddook. Hour of Sales 12 o'clock. 'Full particulars of the abovo may be had at Mr. Slubba's ofllco, 00 Queen streot. THIS DAX. By Auction. Tho Property of Mr. Justice William», Previous to His Honor's Dopirturo tor Europe. Opposite the Railway Tormlnus, ' Spencer-stroet, Corner of Lonsdalc-atroet, Loaao of the House for Two Yoars, With the Sale of all tho Elegant and Modern Furnlturo, Wines, Plate, Plated Waro, 200 Volumes Law Gonoral Library, mostly Standard Works. A few Valuable Paintings, a'tor Tenlers, and Ruben And 1 original Janson, Barouche, i.e. MB. STUBBS .ia favored with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho pío u-laee, cornor of Lonsdalo and Spencer strcots, on Ti ednesday, January 26, to commonce at 12 o'clock pieclsely, Tho valuablo household furniture and effects, coJI p) laing Handsomo mahogany bookcaso and chiffonnier, \ cry handsomo rosewood and mahogany ann lounging chairs, do ottomans, do loo anl othor tables, chairs, carpets, rugs, vasos, hearthrugs, handsomo cornice, with suito of exhibition curtains, wrlllng-dosks, IG-Ja/ dock, sideboard, soasonod feather-beds and pillows, horsohair and wool mattrOBSos, bod stoads, with sets curtains on suite, wardrobe*, chests drawers, toilotto glasBsa and tablon,, washstand9 and services, crystaland crockery, ' including dessert and tea sets, kitoho.i utensil«, &c.; , ! Catalogues may bo had at Mr. Stubbs'« auction ' room«, 00 Queen streot. MONDAY, JANUARY 31. Gretna Green, Opposite Colonel Kenny's Estate, Parish of Tullamarine Subdivision of part of portion No. 4 of Section 4, the property of A McDonald, Esq. Subdivided by the proprietor specially for the accom- modatlon and convenience of newly- married couples, carriers, little shopkeepers, farm laborers, gardeners, and immigrants. Ali pegged out as you go along just on the other side of tho toll-bar, Deep Creek-road. TI/fB. STUBBS is instructed to annotmca JLTJ- tho SALE, on Monday, January 31, oTtho beforo-montlonod popular-named villago, in Iota to suit purchasers, and upon liberal terms Forth« i description in a future advertisement. ¡ WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. Richmond. At 12 o'clock In tho forenoon, Bharp. On tho Fiernisos, cornor of Rrwona parade, Punt road, Richmond. MB. STUBBS bEB receivod iuptructiona from the proprietor (who io about to rem va Lim vicinity of Melbourne), to SELL by PUlILlO AU01ION, If not previously dltposod of byp.-lvusl contract, at tho premises, oornor of Rowena-par.do, Punt-roaii, Kn.hmond, ou Wednesday, February 2, ni 12 o'c'ock til irp. The lollo» lug freehold properties, viz , Loti. A most doBirablo cornor nllotmontot land, sil u ita nt tho cornor of Rowena-parado and Punt-roa), Michmond, having afrontago to the Pnnt-r3td, '.'lalu wido, of 85i roet, by a depth of 73 fuît, a i which is erected a most aubjlantlally-bullt aid wcll-fltii-hcd Brick atoro and dwdluighouso, ' cnntalniig convenient shop, parlor, two b-d »?oom-, kitchen, l&o.; A noit corrugated Irjn vtni dah is fitted round tho premises, whlc l lui a prhatu outrance to Rowoua-paraite. The premisos ato Bttuatcd near the proporty of His Honor Judrço Pohlman, fronting tlio rnor, beautiful part of the Hlohmond-paddoclt ; and tim building having boen built with tho tlow ot «J II tiona thereto, could with small oxpouso bo convoi s~d Into a private, dnollinghouso or Into an liotul, drug- gist's, or 1! ?en draper's shop, fur either oi which pur- poses tho sito and situation aro admirably nla|itod. Lot» 2, 8, and 4, adjoining lot 1, each contain ?» frontage to the Punt-road of 80 feet by a do ith of 78 feet. Tho whola of those lois arp wtllsu'tM to the election of prlvato houses, having Frontages to Richmond Paddock. Tho advantage of fronting thia pajdocit, ïï'iirt possesses paik-Iilto scenery unrivalled by any other loctlUy notr Holbourno, is too obviom is roqulro comment. The proton', is ono of tho fe v remaining opportunities of securing sites in fM* peculiarly favored locality. Conveyances pa» every two or thrco minutca throughout tho dry, ' while tho podcstrlan can walk, to busino« n Melbourne in 26 minutes The tltlo | is unexceptionable, and but ono reniovo from t'n Crown. ~ Terms : Ono-fouith ejah, remainder by bllta at six, 12, nul l8 months'. Cards to \low, and Inspection ofpUnof liciilW may bo obtalnol at tho nuctloneor'n ; or at th^ red dence of T. W. Bidhum.Rowons-pniale, Rlohi»on'l WEDNESDAY, FBQHUAKY 2. Elegant Iiousohold rim h ure. MB. STUBBS will SELL by PUB LIO AUCTION, on tho prenjiüci of Mr. Sullivan, noartho junction of tho lo-rakanl Punt rotds, on WedneEdty, Tobruary 2, nt 12 o'clock precisely, Bundrv a'ticles of elogant surplus fu'nitiTc, con- sisting of Spring-bottom sofa, chiffonnier", chest drawers, loo-taUcs, dresslog do, washstands, carpets, rugs, esjiy and hair-seated chair?, poultry, harness, Terms-Cash. THI3 DAY. StuJloy Park, Hear the late roiidoncos or Sir W. F. Stawell an i ti o lion. Jchn Hodgson, td.L.C. E HITCHINS is favored with inetructbin . from tho proprietor to BELL by lUuLlO AUCTION on the premises, cn Wednesday, Janiury Sfl, at 1 o'clock, All Ibu valuable* froehold property, situated un« Stud ey Park, and now in the oe-eupulon of Mc Brooke eoiiBÍBtiug of 2 acres 11 pcrchoi of Ian 1, all fenced with posts and rails, anil paling ; about 1J noros tjs'efolly laid out in gtrdo i ground, upon which ii uroctod a -very substantially bu'le collate, cousUthig of f'ur handsome- rj-ms, with do'itchoJ kitchen and scrvauW bcdronii iu the rear, two-stalled atablo and gighou'o, fowl hou c, S.c, ~Thoro_u a verandah round Jhron sides ni tho bnflding, which conitrnmlj n most pleasant viow 'Ilion mo U for positive Bile, the proprietor liolng al eut to kv.'s Melbourne. Terni;-21 per con», cash; realduo at three, s Ï, und iii e n O' ti s". - Title Uaexoaptlomblo. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. 16 Building Allotments. N KINSMAN haa received inBtruolionB . to SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, on t-xtdat, January 28, at 12 o'clock, 10 bnlUirg allotments, having Irontagcs to Sm)tli ftrt'-t, (Joro street, Lclcostor-streot, and Hose Mrtet, being church property It will be SD"Ion lcaie ft r 7,11, or 21 years; and the allotments ft-o Sj. j 79 and 88 x 09, with four corners, 89 x 83, w ill light-of-way to each J S j ; o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and j KouttictljCc-Jllngwood, I PRELIMINARY NOTICE. I In the Estate of F. B. Walloo and Son. By order ol tho Offlotol Aislgnee, H. 8. Shaw, Eco, ' I Magnificent Freohold Property, --_I I ., In, Albert street, FHzroy-scjuare. ! i * Also, I | / Rich Agricultural Farm, Part of the colebutod Moreland Estate. ^ I Eftoote near tho Moonoe Ponds, about 6 miles from | Melbourne And Allotments at Newport. To Agriculturists, Markotgardenor», Speculators, and _ Others. XXT M. TENNENT and Oo. have received ! T * . instruction» from H. S. Shaw, Esa , OfDoitl Assignee in the estate of F. R. Wallen and Son, to SELL by AUCTION, at tbclr rooms, on an early day, duo notice of which will be given, A portion of the celebrated Moreland Estate, sltua'o about 6 milos from Melbourne, comprising 85 acres, moro or loss, of rieb fertile land. < Also, A splondldly Bituatcd allotmont In Albeit streot, Fltzroy-square, admirably adapted for tho etoo lion of flrat-clos» losldcncoa. And Several allotments at Newport. Full particulars, with day of gale, will appear ifcortly. Titles guaranteed. Terms, Llnoral, at Sale._ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Sale of MognlQcont Suburban Allotmont, consisting of Acres 2 Roods 11 Perches, In the Choicest Part of St Bilda, Being Allotmont 167 B, Parish of Prahran. By Order of the Mortgagoo. To Gcntlomen in quest of Sltoj for Private Ite'kloHc is, Spojulatora, and Othors. ? WM. TENNENT and Oo. will SELlTby . AUCTION, at their rooms, on «a early day, dne notico of which will bo given, i ; ¡ By order of tho mortgagee, . ' All that mott desirable and beautlfully- sltuited portion of land at St, Kilda, boing allotment 167 B, parish of Prahran, and containing by al measurement 4 aores 2 roods 11 perches, as par Government pian. i iTblB magnificent property has a frontsge to tvo Government roads, is situate in about tho best p > «ilion in this favorito locality, and adjoins tho resi- dence of Archibald Mlohio, Esq., and othors. Tho auotlonoort beg to call tho attention of ¡rout! - tren in search of Bites for residence to this talo, an this IB tho only allotment offering in this [most ra ipeclablo and fast-rising neighborhood, fj > The tltlo is a Crown grant. ' Terms,libera], at sale. i Plans of the proporty may bo eoon at the rooms oi he auotioneere._ THIS DAY. 60 Casks Dunbar'« Stout. A Guaranteed Parcol. i IXT M. TENNENT and Oo. will SELL bj Vf . AUCTION, at their room«. Collina atroet, oi Wednetday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, _. i CO caBks Dunbar's stout, oaoh 4 dozen. A guaranteed parcol. Just landed. ' Terms at Sale. ' w, THIS DAY. 1 Currants. Oheoso. ' ' M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street;, >niln« lannnni DA .1 IO #\\*nlnnlr 1 on Wednesday, January 26, nt 12 o'clock, 11 casoB currants i i . lOdochocso. '. Torms at Bale._ | THIS DAY. ~ 60 Bales Coir Fibre. j WE TENNENT and Co. will SELL by . AUCTION, at their rooms, on WcdECsdiy, January 26, at 12 o'clock, 60 bales coir fibre, about 1 tons. _Terms at Sale. TUIS DAY. 1,600 Casks (more or less) J. and B, Tennent'« (of Woll Park, Glasgow) celebrated Ale and Portor, Star Brand. To Wino and Spirit Morchants, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. TIT M- TENNENT and Co. have recelvod Jly . instructions from Messrs. Donnl toun Brothers and Co. to 8ELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, January 20, at 12 o'clock, i i 1,600 casks (more or loss) J. and B. Tonnent'« (of Well Park, Glasgow) celebrated alo und porter. > i Tho attention of tho trado is callod particularly to this salo, which is unreserved, to oloeo consignments. The quality of the Messrs. Tonnont's brew is too woll known to need oommont. _Terms, Liberal, nt Sale._ THI8DAY. 60 Tierces Superior Plantation OolTeo. To Ooflceroastors, Orocors, Storekeepers, and Others, M. TENNENT and Co. have recef 'td Instructions from the Importers to BULL by AUOTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednes- day, January 26, at 12 o'clock, 60 tierces plantation coffee Terms at Sale._, " THIS DAY. 680 Bags Mauritius Bugar. , To Merchants, Grocers, and Others. M. TENNENT and Co. have received i ..j instructlousfromthoimportorstoSBLLby AUOTION, at their rooms, Colllns-atroet, on Wednes- day, January 20, at 12 o'clock, 680 bags Mauritius Bugar. To bo Bold without reserve, to CIOEO accounts. Torms at Salo. w. THIS DAY. j 260 BagB Danish Oats. i £00 Do Californian Do. To Cornfictort, Livory-stable Keepore, and Others.' TIT M. TENNENT ned Oo. have rcceivod TT « instructions from the importera to SELL by AUCTION, at tbolr rooms, Oollln8-atroet, on Wetl nctday, January 20, at 12 o'clock, 260 bags Danish oats : i COO do Californian do, a very superior parcel. __^_____Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 10 Kegs and 6 Casks Raspborry Vinogai. M. TENNENT and Oo. will 8ELL by AUOTION, at thoir rooms, OolllUB-stroer, on Wednesday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, , Ex Minnehaha 10 kegs, oach 10 gallons, raspborry vinegar 0 casks, eaoh 20 galions, do. ' No resorve. ^_Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. , Crosso and Blackwell^, Batty'?, &o;, Ollmon's Stores. To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Others, M. TENNENT and Oo. have received ' __, . instructions from tho importers to SELL hy AUCTION, at tbolr rooms, Collins-street, on Wcduoi day, Januaiy20, atl2o'elook, , To close accounts, 40casoBllb, salmon, 8 dozen, Crosso and Black- well £7 do 2 lb do, 2 do, Gemmell 86 do J pint salad oil, 8 do, Crosio and Blackwell 20 do J do do, 4 do, Batty 6 do pints do, 2 do, do , 6 do catsup, 4 do, do , 12 barrels Day and Martin's blacking, each 7} nnd l8 doz. i 2 do paste, tins, each 60 doz. 2 cases cayonno. oach 10 doz, B'tty > 1 caso preserved moats, 10 doz do 2 casca capers, 10 do do 1 case curry powder, 6 doz. Grosso and Blackwall ldo patent groati, ? 9 do, Robinson. Terms at Salo. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. In tho Ustato of Walcott, Lande, and Co. Salo of the Entire Btock-in-îrnde, by order of the ,, Official Assigne..', li. S. Shaw, Esq. To Wine and Spirit Mordíante, Grocers, Storekeeper«, and Others. WM: TENNENT and Oo. have received ' 0 instructions from tho Official Assignas, H. B.t6haw, ïeq , to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, Colllns-atroot, un Friday, Jmnary ¿8, at li o'clock, Tho entire stock-in-trado in Ino Insolvent cvti* o or. Walcott, Lando, and Co, consisting of a great variety of goods, including Brandy and old tom Whisky and gin Bottled alo and portor Sherry and port «Ino Hams and bacon Rice Mauritius sugar, and Sydney and Cotsiporo crys- tals Tia, coffee Bottled fruits and piciles Split peaB Oatmeal and pearl barley Sardines, lingfUh Salmon, horriugs, Moa tor», &c.; Confectionary, (Vc. And many othor articlos too lang to enumerate. Ibis unresorved salo merits the attention of the trade. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. FBIDAY, JANUARY S.8. The Whole of tho Stock-in-Trado, Book-Debt», &c;, intbo Estate of Walcot, Latido, and Co. By Order of tho Official Assignco, H. S. Shaw, Esq. Xo DO Sold in uno Lot, TIT M. TENNENT and Co. are inetrnoted W «by H. S. Shaw, Esq. to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, Colllus-streot, on Friday, January :8, at 11 o'clock, In one lot, The wholoofthovaluab'o stock-in-trade of Wal- cot, Lande, and Co., grocorB, storokooper», &c; also, tho boolc-dobtB. If theabovoare notdisposod of in this manner, it will be subdivided and sold in lots to ault purchaaora. Terms at Sale, MONDAY, JANUARY 81. On the rreruitos of Charles William Stuart, ol Prahran. ' Bontehold Furniture and Effects. { WM. TENNENT and Oo. have rtcelycd _ Ir.stiuttlonB from Alox. Laing, Esq , Official /"Hgnic, to SELL by AUOTION, on tho púnateos of Í . W. Stuart, arovillo-Btrcet, Prahran, on Monday, ''""quantity of Household furniture Rnd effects in the í 11 o e estato, conslstirg of- , tufa, mahogany tables , Chairs, carpets, hearth rugs Work-tablea ' ittûftcad and bedding Withstand and dressing-tables Lotklng-tlasseF, » And 111 ! u i tpi-urtcmncoB. Tcrma-Cash, "» THUBBDAY. JANÜABY.87. 0«»t Clearing Sale, at Keísrs. MIIierBrother» stores . , Bond-street. * ^S0;??8,,0'-?^,8,' B^oon. JQbocse, OUOMIIB' store». Bottled and Bulk Beor, Vi Ines and Spirit», Plantation Coffee, Mauritius Ration Sugar. «""won To Merchants, Etorokoepou, Dealer», ana Others. W M. TENNENT and Co. have received 'Ti t instructions from Messrs. Miller Brothers to SKLL by AUOTION, at tbeir stores, Bond-Btreet, On Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, In consequence of having to remove to their now premisos, No 6 Quoon street, and to closo various consignments, A large variety of goods, consisting of Grocerios and Provisions. 20 casos York hams 9 do bacon 100 do new Dunlop chooso, Cleland'« 21 do do, Wilts lOtloi audluos ~ 10 do i do 20 do 1-lb. salmon 60 do white herrings, In tins 5 do red do, 2 dozen do 120 do Farnho's 1-lb. jam« and jellies ' 60 do Valernan's do do 11Q do Feist's and Whybrow's pickles ' 26 do Batty's half-pint salad oil ' I 26 do do castor do SO do Column's starch I SO do Orlando Jones's do ' 80 do Brown and Poison's whito do 80 do Collmau's blue and mustard IE do crystallised jujubes, Koiolr's confections, I and 1 lb jams 11 do nuccironi, vermicelli, arrowroot, and sago 10 do mixed spice, in fancy boxes 12 do chicoiy 20 bagB nativo Ceylon coflco 10 tierces plantation do 16 casos Kobinson's mixed biscuit«, small tin O bales Kent hops 60 oases colza oil 20 bvlos Calcutta linos fl do sonna 117 boxes sperm candios 60 do Brandon do, full weight 60 casks washing soda l8 casks whito Fronoh vinegar 30 do golden syrup 68 do dried apples 100 hblf-boxsB layer raisins I 2 tons now and old currants 2 tons oatmeal 100 bags Xnglish drossod Pntna rica 16 tonB Carolina rice, 2-ewt. bags I 10 halos grey and brown papor i do groy paper bags 7 catos Windsor soap 10 do lomon peel 160 bagB whito Chilian beans 11 balos 8 bushel bag J and woolpacks SOO bags Maurltua ration sugar 60 boxes scented orange Fekoo toa, i.e. Beer, WincB, and Spirits. 100 casks Lloaro and Co 'a bo.tled porter 76 castes Borwick's Edinburgh alo I 15 do Younger'o do do 20 hhds. Bass's No. 8 ale 9 do Worthington and Kobinson's 60 do Truman's XX Btout 10 quarter-casks Mero Arnauld's palo brandy 7 hhds, U. V. dark tio 1200 cases Clcuzcau'« palo brandy, No. 0 100 do V. V. do do 120 do Maro Arnauld's do SOO do Islay whisky SOO do Peter's old tom 70 casks (2 gallon») geneva, duty paid 25 quartor-CBBks Dawson'« Linlithgow, clear color 20 do Mitchell and Co.'s old malt, do 16 do M'Farlano's do 80 do Uno mixing brandy SOO cases port and shorry wine 160 do olaret l8 do sparkling hock This sale morits tho attention of the trade, the gooda being all of tho best and most marketable brands. TormB, liberal, at salo. Observe I THUBSDAY, JANUABY 27, At 11 o'clock, At Messrs Miller Brothers' Storos, Bond-streot THIS DAY. To Faney Ooods Dealors, Printsellors, and Others, AQ, M'COMBB will SELL by AUOTION, ? in his rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday, January 20, at 11 o'clock, 171 Goodman's celebrated storcoscopic slides, eom Vfows in London Views In North Walos Cottage sconos British decoration manufactures Welsh castumo I The brido ' Little Nell, by Dickens, and i Tho Ghost Scene. Tho abovo oro all clean Improssions, and juel landed I Also, CO lithographic sketches of Now Zealand. I No ItoBorve, THUBSDAY, JANUAIIY 27. At No. 11 Spring-stroot, tho roBldonca of the lot« Comte Lionel do Moreton Ohabrlllan, Consul di Franco. j Bale of New anel Valuablo Household Furnituro Silver Plato, Bod and Tablo Linen, Ofllco Furniture! &o;, I AlBO, ! Invoicos of Bich Perfumery, Saddloiy, I French 8bawls and Dresses, ' Operatic Music, &c.; áQ. M'COMBE is lnatmcted by Edouard a Adot, Esq., excoator of tho late Oorato Llouol oroton Ohabrlllan, COPBUI do France, to BELL hy AUCTION, at tho docoasod's lato rosldouco, No. 11 Bpring- stroot, ímrFllndors-stroot cast, on Thursdw. January 27, nt 11 o'clock, . Î The whole of tho household furnituro, silver plate nvolcosof pcifumory, Baddlory, French slnwlsantl dresses, operatic music. ¿te,, belonging to tho dot ceased, and cumisting of- j 1\. Dinlngroom Furnituro, , 1 mahogany telescope uluing tablo, with coco for spare loaves ( , 12 mahogany chairs, hair seating ' 1 mahogany sldoboard ' 1 gasalier t 1 complete dinner sorvlco ' Tea and coffeo soivlccs Cut crystal decantojs and wineglasses', Ac., in variety i Carpot, &e.; , 2\. Drawlngroom Furnituro. An elegant and valuablo rosewood cottage pi« im fortc, ny Jtrard, with cortiflcato of guarantee] Bulto of drawlngroom chair«, couches ' Easy ohalre, &o.; i 1 large rosuwood table > Card and chess tables ' 1 ologant gasnlior, four burners "1 large mirror < 1 v. hito raarblo clock Now carpet, window blinds, &e.; . 8 Silver Plate and Plated Wa Silver dessert forks and spoons Do dinner forks and spoons I Do toa and gravy spoons . Do cruet stund Do sugar basin, cream jug, &c.; \- i DO collVo pot , Do sugar-tongs, butter knlvos, &o.; ¡ PJatcelvogctablo dishes and covers ! Do spoons, forks, toa pot, eke. [ i. Bodroom Furniture. i Iron bedstead and bedding Mahogany v.ardrobo Do obest of drawers " Do dressing table with marble top Do washstand, ímrblo top Bosowood whatnot Foot and plungo baths, window blinds, carpet«, &c.; I 5. Oilico Furniture. Writing-table, chairs Book-shelves, loltor-caso I Inkitands, carpet, tablo clotbn, clocks -i I Bust of Empress Eugenio, books, &o.; [ < 6 Mall and Etatr Furnituro. - I Mr.ts, oilcloths (now), gas-lamp, stair carpet? and bia s rcd.i, ¡lie, I 7\. Bed und Table Uton, and Woaring Apparu. ' Tablecloths, tablo unpklns, towels, ile, . Whito and colored shirts ' Do do ullic socles < Flannel morning suits I Now boots and slioos and clothing, 8\. Kitchen Utensil». i 1 complota cooking-stove j Table,'chaltB, Alter Cooking utensils, &c;, Pe-rvantii' beds, Sec. Knives, forlis, spoons, &c;, j 1 cago and thrco llvo King Ooorgu'ii Sound pierrots 0\. Invoice of Perfumery, t From the eclebratod house of Dcmirson Petit, Paru. LUC, § CO-1 oasa, 21 boxes, l8 dozm, aromatic vinegar and lavando auibroo ' C1-1 do, 67 boxes, 81 dozon, retract eau dn 0.: logno, eau dentifrice, and various essences 52-1 do, 10 lioxos, 22 dozen, various and rich iiXtr-iots and estonios I 68-1 do, C1 boxes, 28 dozen, cream of almonds. extracts for handkerchiefs j C7 parcels ol valuablo and hlghly-econtcd soups. 10\. Invoice o'Saddlery. 1 cuso, containing 1 completo set of double har- ness, ol very superior quality, ¿te. ¡ 1 d", containing 1 set of dogcart bnrnesi 1 do, containing 1 hdy's saddle and gentlemttiV do, complote, whips, &c.; , 11, Bi\olcoof elogant Fronen ShR-.vls.noweBtfasbloil. From Bertram, Oarllet, and Co., Parts. LJiO, ç 3-1 caso, 10 cirtoans each, 12 Algorhnc «luvt M 1-1 do, 120 AUoricuo shawls 5-1 dn, lMldo 0-I do, 1 oirtoons cadi, 80 chenlllo shawls ' 2 di Icons, containing 12 Bamplo shatvlc D d<>, containing 6 grenadine utcstcs, very elegant. 12\. învolcoof Opora Music, I 1\. Opera La Travlata, consisting of 0 parts or volumes for male voices 8 do for romalo do l8 do for IO Instruments 1 complnto volumo for pianoforte 1\. I'pcru Blgülotto, comlbtlng of 0 j cris or volumes for mule voices 8 do for foiutlc do IO do for IS Instruments I 1 do for planolorto. f. 0| tra ii Tio\ atore il ) iris, ícr 28instruments '. j do, 1er sttge decorator 1 do, for pianoforte, íic, ' 1 he auctioneer requests tho particular atlonliim ot i li li tlUs to tlio above unreserved silo of valuablo anil i in fun lture, tho wholohaving b:eu purchased los. Um tw o month« bcîoro tho death of Count do Cn v li mt ir. 3ho auctioneer dosirca also to direct tha i in i tlun t f -4.0 trade to tho valuable inyotcos of ror ii n crv, loddltry, French gooda, oporat'cmuslc, &c; , »l.tLwiil to submitted to BRÍO on theabovooecv ' 'j i ni e irtiilculfcuana torn» at solo. THIB DAY. - 3» tho Boot and Shoe Trado of Kolbonme. G«otn" Ballaarat, and Uiwon-try DlsWots ?» Unreserved Sale of 16* Trunks and Oases of n*". and Shoes, from the Celebrated\^"_\\__-, 3\. Davies and Son. «estrs. A G M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTIOW . In his rooms, OoUlna-Btrcot, on Wodnésrt«»' January 20, at 11 o'clock, ' "oonT»y. Iii trunks and caBes of ladies', genlWon's, am children's boots and Bhoes, direct from Mossie J Dairies and Son, and consisting of as follows - 273 in triangle. 1-0-6 trunks, oach 20 pairs, genlleracnv light calf wellingtons. Sizes, 10 to 6 7-12-6 do, each 86 pairs gentlomon's light calf Srlnco boots " ""? do, 80 pairs best patent boots, elastic «Ida» 14-19-0 do, oach 80 palra mock balmorais, mern»! boots, and fanoy cloth do, elastlo sides 20-26-0 do. each 86 pairs gentlemen's memol boots, elastlo Bides, calf goloshed S6-80-6 do, each £0 palra men's calf bluohar booti, plain. Stees/llto6. c 81-86-5 do, each £0 pairs, men's kip Mucho» rough-bradded ' 86-40-6 do, each 60 palra, men's do, bradded and blocked 41-46-6 do, each 60 pairs, men's bestwaterbootj rough-bradded. Sizes, 11 to 6 ' 46-60-6 do, oaob 72 pairs, gentlemen's calf oxonlan Bhoes. BIzos, 10 to 5 61-67-7 do, each 72pairs, youths' and boyt'calf bluchers, braes and rough bradded. Sites. 10 to 4 ^ (¡8-04-7 do, each 50 palra of womon's and girls' co dovon boots, brass-braddod. Sites, 8 to 8 1-4-4 cases, each 72 pairs, ladies' and women's patent calf slippers and sandals. Bites, 7 toi 6-14-10'do, ench 48 pairs, ladles'best cashmere boots, olastio .IdOB/M.H., be, 16-24-10 do, etch 48 paire, women's cashmero boots, elastlo sidoi and to Ince, patent fronts» 25 £2-8 do, each 48 pxlru,ladies'colored cashuier boots, olastio sides, military heals, Se > 1 " 38-80-4 do, each 48 pal«, ladles' kid top bools, elastic aides, patent and plain fronts S7>42-6do, each 48 paira, women's cloth boots, wells, to lace. BIzos, 8 to 1 48,44-2 do, each 72 palra, girls'best patent cilf Bhcos. Sizes, 10 to l8 áB-58-14 do, each172 pairs, girls' cordovan, cashmere, colored cashmere, kid, cloth, ana; grain boots, various patterns U9-72-14 caies, each 72 pairs, child's patent calf shoes and straps, cordovan do, grain do, &c.; Sizes, 6 to 8, and 2 to 6. 78-84-12 do, each 72 pairs, children's black and colored cashmere boots, clastic deles ; black and colored cashmero do ; cordovan do, clastic sides, and to button : Ac. 86,86-2 do, cath 72 pat», women's velvet and margato slippers. Sizes, 7 to 1 and 8 to 2, S7-00-I do, each 73 pairs, men's margato and buff Blippors. Bizes, 10 to 5. The attention of the trade la particularly directed to tbo abovo salo of well- assorted and seasonable boots and ihoes, direct from the celebrated homo of Mesert, J. Davies and Sons. ' The casos and trunks will bo opened np for inspea. tton two days prior to the day of sale. Terms-Under 1002, cash ; at and abovo that nmoont, approved acceptances at three months'date. FRIDAY, JANUARY !8. 08 Drums Turpentine i Now Landing, Ex Magna Bona. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTION, _____ in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, Ex Magna Bona, 405 gallons turps, in drums of 6 gallons each. Now landing In tho beBt order and condition. (JToims-Throe, months', acceptances, subject to It« .vendor's approval. The attention of painters and others is called to this parcel, now landing, and will bo ready for delivery en day of salo. _ MONDAY, JANUARY 81. Unreserved Sale of 400 Bags Cram, Ex Titania. áG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, m in his rooms, Collln-Btreet, on Monia;, ary 81, at 11 o'clock, UB, Ex Titania, 400 bags gram, each 1 "Wt. All guaranteed la good ordor and condition, and To be sold for account of whom it may concern, Without Reservo, PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Furnitnro Dealers. Ex ten B1 vo Salo of 200 Cases ot American Furniture, In course of being landed. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION; -ti.« in bia rooms, CollinB-stroot, on an emly «ay, Ex G ollen Bom, (Ocasea of American furnitnro, consisting of Bedttoads, tables, chairs, bureaus, chests drawer?,' &c.; 11 J) particulars and terms in-futuro advertí«« ncj.li FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. Corrugated and Plain Galvin sed Iron. JB. HOUGHTON and Oo. will SELL by . AUOTION, at their rooms, 80 Colllm-strcet west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, An invoico of galvanised plain and corrugated Iron, 8 feet x 0, 58 gauge plain 2 do x 0, 24 do corrugated. Row landing, Ex Shophordcsi. Tho attention of tho iron trado is invited to the abovo very superior lot of iron. _Terms Liberal._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. Scotch Oats, Danish Oats. JB. HOUGHTON and Oo. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, 80 Collins stielt west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, 2,880 bnsholB Scotch oats 1,160 do Danish do. The attention of cornfactort, livcrystable-kec reír, And others la invitod to this nnrosorred sale of a veiy txcellent parcel. Terms-Over 100Í., approvod three months'bill, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. Dates and Sholl Almonds. Ex Leopard, from Mauritius. JB. HOUGHTON and Oo. will SELL by " AUCTION, at tholr rooms, 80 ColllnB-stre« weat, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, 17 bags sholl almonds And the pottion thon remaining unsold (if any) of 500 bags dates. H Terms-evor £100, approved bill throo mouth»' date.' J. B. Houghton and Co. invite the attention of loo trado to the above._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 2 8. Wines, Boor, Spirits, Llquouis, &c.; To the Wino and Spirit Trado, Grocers, ProtMon, i Merchants, and Others. JB HOUGHTON and Oo. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, 80 CollinB street west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'olock, A cholea and varied parcel of wines, boors, and spirits. Detailed catalogues will bo issued immediately, ata will be found well worthy the attention of the tndc. No reserve, i . Terms Liberal._ TIlUHBDAY, JANUABY Positivo Sale of Homo and Land. After which, he Wliolo ol tho Household Furniture will be : To nil who require A neat Threo-roomod Brick Cottage, With Land 26 x 80. RO. LUSCOMBE will SELL by PUB] « AUOTION, on the promisos, on Thura January 27, at 12 o'clock, '.hat neat and'nowly-bullt houso, called Prim Cottage, situated in Barkly-strcot, at tho no lost corner of Carlton-gardons. It contains rooms,' with n passogo through, and kitchei tlic back. The auctioneer haï sold the city property of proprietor, who is on ilio ovo of departur« England, and thfrofort» this, his prlvato résilier, mut bo sold to the highett b'ridcr. Title, first-class, Terms-Olio third cash ; the balanco with!» dB)S. The household furnituro consists of Chests if drawers, boilstoads, feather bed, m tresses, cnlld's cot, and the usual parlor, t room, and kitchen requisites. Tho whole to bo sold to tho highest bidder. Terms-Cash. I MONDAY, JANUABY 31. South Yarr«. Potitivo Bale of Turco Flvo-roomod Brick Ootlsgu By ortler of the Mortgagees. RO. LUSCOMBE will SELL by ÀW . TION, on tho ground, on Monday, Januarys AU those five-roomed brick cottages, recently MCI pled hy Messrs. Smith and Studwlck, Cutta street, boutli Yarra. . aha land is 60 feet frontago hy 100 foot in (lip« and the cottages stand back 10 feet from the rou lind, being altuated on the brow or the hill, avlowo the Bay can bo obtained from tiio windows. Full particulars can bo obtained of ino auctioneer. TCTHM, liberal, to be declared at sale. S9S«analon-atreet. TUESDAY, FEDRUABT 1. Dcckcr-atrcct, Elchmond, on the Bill, And Swan-tlrcot, Richmond'« lcallug thorough«« Peremptory Salo of Three Cottage» and 1*0 nu | Business Sitos, in lUchmond. KO. LUSCOMBE baa received inshiic; . lions to BELL by PUBLIC AUCriOH, » the ground, on Tuesday, February 1, at 12 ocw «harp, A four-roomed « calhorboarded well built toosfi standing ou land 88 foot to Dccker-streot, o» W hill, rtnd orango of stabling at the back. See placards on the premises. 2nd. . ,., A fronlsgo of 83 feet to LUUo Clifton-street, m »j bill, by a depth of 00 feet, Bltaate ImmodlaMiy»' thr rear of the Docleer- stroot property. _ - At 1 o'clock, on the ground/noarlyoppositetteE.}«1 Saxon, tfc., « 26 fort frontage lo Swan-street, by a deptto"4 feet to s right-of-way near tho Bridge. lho twu neat two-roomedcottage« »»'«to» the abovo frontage, with outhouse», stanW» I»iid26x00foetdeep, .,., .imnlloil' 11 c ouctiencer wishes to call «pedal »t«Bll?V tilt rrontrty, » »«Ingall tenanted, in gow «P" trd lolurnlrganlcoiruloiiceme. I Ills vii he iilatcrtlcd cn lho property. . anirc, LiBtml.ucckiHd at time Of gm 