COMMERCIAL NEWS. VICTORIA to JUNE 21. TASMANIA to JUNE 18. NEW ZEALAND to JUNE 4. From our various files to hand, per Havilah, we extract the following : VICTORIA. MELBOURNE IMPORT MARKETS-The Age says "In consequence of the departure of the mail steamer, and the attention of our merchants having, as usual, been directed to the preparation of their correspondence, business during the latter portion of the week has been transacted on a limited scale and with the exception of a a movement in the flour market, no important change in quotations has taken place. The demand for bulk ale has not been well sustained, and the best brands have been offered for sale at £8 17s 6d. Bottled ales, We, however, have been in good request at previous rates. For butter, hams, bacon, and cheese, the prices which ruled at the close of last week have been maintained with tolerable firmness, and candles have likewise been disposed of at the advanced quotation of a Is 5½d per lb. In the markets for Eastern produce " no alteration or improvement has been recorded, but holders appear to be determined to hold their ground and not to submit to any material reduction. Teas are in fair demand, but as there is no speculative inquiry, the sales which have been effected have only supplied the demand for immediate consumption. Rice is held with great firmness by importers, and, although stocks have largely accumulated, Patna is quoted at £16 to £17. We do not think that much j stress should be laid upon the argument that the Chinese I will persistently decline to buy the actual necessaries of a life, because the law imposes a residence tax upon them. Whether disaffected or contented, the demands of hunger are recognised by these people with perhaps more eager- ness than they are acknowledged by civilised consumers, and it is certainly straining a point to assume that the contrary will henceforward be the case. The market for sugars is devoid of animation. Mauritius counters maybe quoted at from £44 to £47; crystals, £48, and Cossipore, £57. The receipt of intelligencefromSouthAmericaregard ing the unfavorable, prospects of the export trade in that direction caused an immediate rise in the price of flour, and sales of Adelaide brands have been effected at £26 ; whilst many holders are demanding higher rates. A corresponding advance is reported to have taken place at Adelaide, and although buyers generally are not impressed with the belief that the market will be well supported, we do not doubt that the advices which are said to have reached Sydney are substantially ! correct. Wheat is now worth 10s to 10s 6d per bushel, and bran is selling at Is 10d to Is 11d. The market for feed grain continues in a very depressed condition, and there does not appear to be the least prospect of any improvement. Colonial oats are quoted at 4s 9d per bushel ; Californian, 4s 3d ; Scotch and Irish, 4s ; Calcutta and Danish, 3s 9d to 4s. Maize is worth 4s 6d per bushel. In the wine and spirit market no change in quotations has taken place." From various Melbourne papers of latest dates we take the following : THE MONEY BARKER-In the money market there are still large amounts of capital available for invest- ment, but the demand for loans upon approved securities is very limited. Large sums are offered at 8 per a cent., and for smaller sums on less satisfactory securities, 10 to 12½ percent, is expected. The banks issue drafts on London at 60 days' sight at li per cent, premium; buying price at par. Freight on gold by direct steamers or sailing vessels, 2d to 3d per ounce, deliverable in London; insurance, IA per cent. by the overland route, of per cent., or about 7 per ounce ; insurance, 1½ to IA I per cent. For commercial purposes the banks charge :- I For bills under 95 days' currency, 7 per cent. ; from 95 to 125 days' currency, 9 per cent. and on overdrawn | accounts, 10 per cent. STOCK AND STATIONS. There are purchasers in the market, but suitable properties are not offering. The Sunday Creek station was submitted by us. to auction without any buyers, but has since been placed under offer. We have not heard of any properties having changed hands. The store cattle market is not very active ; the only sales reported are from Messrs. C. Edwards 2 and Co., consisting of 1,400 mixed cattle in very low condition, and a large number barely two years old, at £3 10s ; 1,000 very superior mixed, equal sexes, af£4 ; 700 mixed, not first quality, at £3 12s 6d. Store sheep. -There are no sales to report ; the demand continues for good breeding ewes. Bears Circular. PRODUCE AND STOCK, WOOL, CC. -There has been an auction sale this week, at which 122 bales were offered, and 82 bales sold at fair prices, considering the description of the wool brought forward. We have privately disposed of 156 bales as under 376 bales fleece, at 19d. to 23d ; 80 bales scoured, at 23d to 23d, which prices. we consider equal to the average value obtained through the season. Tallow There were a few casks sold by auction this week at a slight reduction in price. We have sold a few small lots privately, mixed, at £52 to £54; mutton at £60. Hides There is a little more enquiry for good shipping parcels, and we hear of a small lot for shipment having changed hands, but the price has not yet transpired. Stations - We have not heard of any sales of this description of property. Store Stock Store sheep continue to be in good demand, and for a superior lot of large framed wethers 17s per head has been obtained, and we have several buyers for flocks of from 5,000 to 10,000 wethers. Store cattle continue in good demand, and are ranging in price from £3 5s to £3 15s for equal sexes, and £4 to £4 10s for bullocks. Clough's Circular. INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS. On the 18th inst., the Chief Justice sat in equity, in re Wright, an insolvent. His Honor made the rule absolute to set aside an order which had been obtained to take the estate out of sequestration. The debts amounted to upwards of £55,000, and the assets to over £5,000. It appears that a portion of the creditors had agreed to take a composition of 1s. in the pound, a conditional order to release the estate had been obtained. A number of creditors, whose debts amounted to £40,000, did not agree to this procedure, and Mr. Sitwell had obtained a rule nisi to set the order aside on the grounds chiefly based upon irregularity. The estate, by the decision of the Chief - Justice, will still remain in the hands of Mr. Noel. NEW INSOLVENTS. William Jenkin, of Melbourne, livery-stable keeper causes of insolvency, losses in business and pressure of creditors ; debts, £172 6s. ; assets, £23 ; deficiency, £149 6s. William Webster, of Williamstown, shipbuilder ; causes of insolvency, losses in constructing patent slip in Williamstown, and pressure of a creditor ; debts, £5,715 8s. 10d. ; assets, £622 2s. ; deficiency, £5,078 108. Goldschalck, Jacobson, and Alex. Livingstone, of Sandhurst, merchants ; causes of insolvency, losses by fire and losses on a quartz claim ; debts, £1,066 5s. 2d. ; assets, £278 2s. 9d. ; deficiency. £788 0s. 5d. FLOODS ON THE GOLD FIELDS. There is little to report of novelty from the gold fields this week. No new rushes of any moment have taken place, if we except the rush of waters, which has been damaging to a great degree at the Yackandandah, Ovens. One company, in particular, have been severe sufferers. Repairs amounting to £2,000, from, the effects of a previous in- undations, have scarcely been completed, when another flood undoes the whole, and before mining operations can he resumed, a similar outlay will have to be incurred. At Mount Blackwood the rains have had quite an opposite effect-the crushing and sluicing operations have materially improved, and more activity has taken place than for a considerable time past. LAND AGENTS. -In the New Court Mackillop and Cooke, land agents, brought an action against a lady to recover £100, for selling some landed property at Richmond. The plaintiffs were non-suited it appear- ing that they were to receive no commission unless they actually effected a sale for £3,000. The property was bought by a Mr. Harrison for £2,500, and His Honor held that under the terms of the contract, no sale had been effected by the plaintiffs- they were not entitled to any commission. IMMIGRATION Number of persons who arrived at Melbourne by sea during the week ended 18th June : From the Australian colonies, 234 ; Cape of Good Hope, 11 ; Calcutta, 4 ; Sweden, 2 ; San Francisco, 8 ; Hong Kong, 50. Total, 399 persons. TASMANIA. The Mercury of June 16 thus characterises the Hobart Town markets : Hobart Town, June 16. Business was very quiet again to-day in the grain market, nothing whatever doing beyond a little in wheat, which sold at 8s 9d to 9s per bushel. Oats, if anything, are duller, and are quoted at 4s. Barley continues as before English at 6s, and Cape at 4s to 4s 6d, with limited inquiry. Not much is doing in hay, but prices have not undergone any change ; loose ranges from £410 to £6 5s per ton according to quality, and country pressed from £5 to £5 10s. Potatoes are coming forward in considerable quantities, and a few lots are in course of shipment to the neighboring colonies, but no active demand has yet set in quotations are still given at £3 to £3 10s per ton for best samples. The flour market is quiet, and prices have been steadily maintained. Flour from the best colonial wheat sells at £22 to £23 per ton, according to quantity. Bran is firm at 4s 6d to 4s 9d per bushel. Mr. T. F. Merry sold by auction at Franklin, on Saturday last, the Franklin Brewery, together with the house and land, for £1,500. The Examiner of the 18th reports the Launceston markets as follows: Launceston, June 18. Our exports of flour, wheat, and oats have, notwithstanding the unsettled state of the Melbourne market, been very considerable during the week. The demand for wheat is greater than the supply, as holders do not seem inclined to sell at present rates, anticipating with much confidence the ruling of higher prices. Good samples of wheat are readily purchased at 9s or 9s 3d delivered on board export vessel. Flour in bulk is selling at £21 10s to £22. Oats have been sold during the last day or two at 3s 6d and 3s 9d. Hay has slightly advanced, and loose is now worth £5 10s. NEW ZEALAND. MARKETS AND TRADE The New Zealander says The arrivals of the week have been the barque Breadalbane, ' from Sydney, with a general cargo, and the steamer Lord Ashley, from Nelson, with the English a mails of February and March, and one or two packages transhipped at that port from the Lord Worsley, from Sydney. Happily, alter one more trip, the intolerable grievance caused by this monstrous Nelson detour will cease, and the Auckland intercourse with Sydney-as far, at least, as one monthly steamship can effect it will be restored to its proper footing. ~ There have been few arrivals from the coast, notwithstanding which a fair supply of produce has been received, including 3,405 bushels wheat, 122 bushels maize, 67 bushels apples, 300 lbs. bacon, 15 cwt. salt pork, 25 pigs, 4 tons flax, 6,000 feet sawn timber, 116,000 shingles. The Customs revenue received during the week ended | the 21 inst., amounted to £853 4s 8d. Mr. W. Hunter held his weekly sale of cattle, at Newmarket, on Tuesday last, and offered, besides a fair supply of fat and store stock, the whole of Mr Paton's herd of dairy cattle, consisting of about 57 head. Those near calving, and those in full milk, were quitted at pricesrangingfrom£12 5s to £16 12s 6d. For those not so far advanced in calf the prices given were from £7 12s6d to £1 10s. Young heifers brought from £6 10s to 58 7s 6d. - For beef the competition, owing to the lateness'of'the horn-, was not so brisk ; those sold brought from £9 15s to £16 5s. Store cattle were sold at about the same prices as on the previous week. Sheep were not in demand. . . Papers from Nelson are to June 4. The Examiner says Trade is dull as ever, and but few goods changed hands. We extract the following : "A slight activity has been given to wheat, owing to the advance in that grain in Australia, but as yet no transactions of any moment, for export, have taken place. Barley and oats still continue unsaleable, except at extremely low figures. " During the month a company has been formed by 30 subscribers, with a capital of £3,000, to work, under promise of a lease from the Provincial Government, a portion of the Aorere gold-fields adjoining Washbourne's Flat. This is the first attempt at a systematic working for gold in this province, and we have no doubt that the company, under judicious management, will reap j a rich reward, and that its operations will prove most beneficial to the settlement. 