*&*<s» by AtaoTiofei PRKUMleURY NOTICE I SOOCa shaping a unveiling! Furniture. To Furniture nairhntiMiu'n. Parties- Furnishing, I it and I here TS BAISEY aw to. will SELL by AUC- ' fV 1 'as. a' " el' r ms 88 Cairns-street weat-, I on an early day, in cm was Inn. rd, 800 cases super r American furniture, oom- i prints!!- a Drawing room suite of Men, bars, bureau, <Mu.lK.tai its, chest of drawers, wardrobe, She Further particulars and turn a in future advertise- meats PRELIMINARY NOTICE. alias Mateo Slates. To Sisters, Builders, Contractors, and Others. Mr EàShY une) O', will hill by AUG F J . BONE On the Australian Wharf, on an early day, 70,000 best blue Bad ger , Hides, 24 x 12,20 19. 1916 Terms and further particulars in future advertise- meats THIS DAY. 26 Pale and Carter HOME Girths, Robes, c To Drapers, letters, by her empire, and the Trade Ooi ere i To RAMSAY and Li. will SELL by AUO f ? s INN, at their rei inn, 88 Collins- street west, to Monday, had only 7, st II colors, are read only if, And to CHEF accounts, I 11 care lately.' tii|iineUiibing I ) die lace, in di- King I do antl-nu-ca»»» 1 do Feeney no rain for ewes I do j as fr ends at 6 J., kits 2 do iris and 'in liniments cloths 2 do compel Bulgaria 1 1 1 d figure in UMMUU cloth 1 do Fffi eli fl more I do Kid g over -' ' 1 do check fh III I I do love etc chicVn v 2 do military Hcripunboi I do so 1 lillian 11 con ilofliiuicrd an ill der 1 do organdie S do Fio ch wool plays 3 do alhambra checks j 1 bale longOotl s at" All now known. ,¡ Just landed ; , And to be old with out reserve, Terms b le. THIS DAY. - 46 Packages J. Dai I. s and Sons' Boots and Shoes. Just Landed. ' Xx Orange (anning To the Boot and Blue t Party-, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others W. EASEY and Co have received Eastern s for us to bls-Li. by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-Street, 011 Miman) i every way 7, at li tiUoCb. li and Co , In din of it, eepaokagesnf Howard Lea unable boots and shoes electric) landed, "ex George Canning, cemprUIng- , Gentlemen's half dress wellington boots Vu light oils d , printed 1 postcard will do Orders Do medium call prince boots Do Stout no, brand ma Do Its mi ck-twlmoral boots, elastic sides Do women books, do ' Men's Stout call bluchers, braided Do kip bluchers b m for clemency kip facing both Yeulba and boji-'uiirbluchordo Ve men's call lace boots ladies' balmoral de, Almeida sides Do cashmere de, patent fronts Do black do to late So do, ehuitceldin £10 troth do, black bottoms ,, Girls' colored c Cameron boots . So black do 2 Children's bronze morocco balmoralB : Do beat colored cashmere boots, Hastie sides, and button Do cordovan do Do best color a morocco boots Du black cashmere do < Do patent calf those, to strap lad of' velvet slippers 1 ; Do margate no Gentlemen's patent albert do Men's margate do, so. He now goods and only just landed, and to be sold W houtreBone Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 8 Cases Valentines. To Stationers, Furey Warehousemen, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO m THOS, at their mutual, 83 Oullma-DUeet West, on Monday, February 7, at 6 o'clock, 5 cases fancy valentines _- No Reserve.' THIS DAY 2 Cases Ladies'' Hats. ? To Warehousemen, Drapers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC s 1 toN, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, J On Monday, February 7, at 3 o'clock, A 8 cases ladies'' hats, of One new shapes and I styles. No Reserve TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5. 6 tons Sheepwash Tobacco. To Squatters, Storekeepers, and Others. NEXT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUG Yes I TION, at their rooms, 88 O illins- atreel West, end in a day, February 8, at 21 o'clock, in tons sheepwashing bacco To be sold Terms Liberal. _ TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. 8 Tierces Fine Maimon. TO Grocers?, Storekeepers, and Others. Xrr EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC YY 1 'ON, at their rooms, 116 Collins quiet Vtn, on Tuesday), I February 8, at 11 o'clock, S Tierces Prime salmon. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. 10 Cases Pines Cheshire Cheese. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEARY and Co. will SELL by AUC, TION, at their music, 33 ColIiim-nVieiit weat, 011 tuesday, February 8, at to clerk, 10 cases prime Cheshire cheese. in fine order. for tea at Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. 210 Bags Mauritius Sugars, More or less UumalitU For Account t of Whom it May Concern. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEARY and Co. will SELL by AUC , TION, at tearooms, 88 Collins street west,, on Sunday, February 8, at 11 o'clock, ix Indian Queen. 240 bags Mauritius sugar,., more or less damaged, and icU for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms Cash, Assam TUESDAY, FEBRUARY On the Railway Platform. 100 Hhds Whitbread's London great. X Magna Burra. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Hotelkeepers, Storekeepers, and Others TUT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCJ YY , TION, on the railway platform, on Tuesday, F "liner y 8, at 11 o'clock sharp. Ex Magna Bona, 100 Hhds Whitbread's London stout, now land- ing ex ill 1 above ship, in fine condition, and guaranteed. Termsjibcral_ " "TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. 10 Tons Round Iron. To Irormusiere, Founders, Ironmongers, Ac. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AJC . TION at their rooms, 88 Ce Ellis-street west, on Jueedw, February 8, at 11 o'clock, 10 tons round iron, assorted, i inch to an inch. Terms at EATON "" TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8 800 Bags Black and While Irish Oats. More or WI Damaged To Corn Factors and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC 1902, at their rooms, 183 be thus Street west, em iUteday.Fibiuari H, at 12 o'clock-, 800 bags Wall and white? oats, more or less is cited, and sold for the benefit of whom 6 may concern. No Reserve. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, ' 1,024 Bags Mauritius Sugars. -vEalaucaui Cargo ex Badipool. Without Reserve. To Grocers, St beekeepers, and Others. BREHENY »,ni?0< w5»sELL by ADO . . J r i. their rooms 83 Oolilnssireot shot, on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'clock, scarce or cargo of Mauritius sugars ex Raojpool No 2- 810 bags Yemen 8-286 do Walhsle 4-178 do do PD 282 do Victoria v 0-429 do Belle Rive 7 On do Really 8-1 8 do Belle Vue. Good useful metals, and to be sold without reserve to close accounts. Terms LI Herald WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. On the Premises, Lent Cox-street, near Ino Bridge-road", Richmond. To Gentlemen, Families, and Others, Purchasers of First-class Fun acre. AT EASEY and Co. have received Instrtlo Tv . tions fr m gentlemen tcllnqnlfhlntr house killing to SELL by AUCTION, on the promises, less overtures. mar the Bili'g tom', Rlclinjuiid, on Y edrcHlay, February 9, st 12 o'clock, the whole of the until the end appendages of their house hold, consisting of < Dli li groom, Extension dinner g table Chlftonnlore, marble top ' ,. Cham, arm chairs and couches, en suite, drawingroom, Hand fine centre-line Po knife chairs, easy chairs, and lounges, en- suite Valuable engravings by Lunitectr Minors Brilliant-toned pianoforte in rosewood. e, Bedrooms. Rutt of solid oak furniture, very elegant complete Painted and Iron bedsteads Pallanza ' Hut mattresses, pillows, bolsters, to. Mirrors Toilette tables and glasses Che of drawers Etitoiu Wardrobe. Pantry. Dunbar and dessert services B'Ckfastdo , Olma and china ware Kitchen utuiftllB And the usual appendages of a gentleman's house he Id The auctioneers big to call the attention of families furnishings thealiotesale. Tltofumltuio Is In first rate and, as a of a most simple to description, dialogues of which may be had at the rooms of the air pioneers, ' Without Reserve. i \- WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, ) Two storied balcony and verandah house. Clarendon place, Emerald Bill To Gentlemen, Speculators, and Others. WESTLEY and Co. have received informs . Uuimo SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms 83 Collins street! KCM, on Wednesday, February 9, at 12 o'o ock. All that substantial weatherboard two-storied house, with balcony and verandah, containing five best room-, kitchen, servant's-room, cut very, tables. he.; is most substantially finished, and fitted In a superior manner, having a frontage if £2 feet to little Park- street by a a depth of 8 feet, with a right of-way of 11 feet on both sides. There is a tank, with a constant supply of the purest water, "in the premises. This is a desirable propose, either for investment or occupation, being favorable mounted on the bill, and certain to command a sand tenant. 1 Title quite perfect. Terms-One third cash ; balance, three and six rrrntlt»'._ WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. ' At 11 o'clock. At the Stores of Mr. 0. 8. Shoddy, comer of King and Collins streets 70 handsome Marble Mantelpieces. To Builders. Parties Furnishing, i id Others. WE ARE Y and Co. have reach! ed in . struct tons from Mr. C. S Shoddy to SELL by AUCTION, at his s ores, corner of King and Collins streets, on Wednesday, February 6, at 11 o'clock (sharp, 70 t and some statuary marble mantelpiece. Some of the most beautiful designs and patterns ever enter ed in this market. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17 Steam Flour Mill, Collingwood. WEAVER and Co. will SELL by AND . TION', at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, CD Thursday February 17, at 12 o'clock, The unexpired leaaebtM interest (being four years from December i, 1868 of the lhatpiecunf land at the" corner of Brands Ick and Argyle street. Collingwood having a frontage of 136 feet to Bros Howick- street, by a depth of 66 feet to Argyle-street, with the bluestone flour- mill', dwclllnghoufiO, and workshop thereon. The mill consists of four starters, besides engine house. and boiler-shed. The steam-engines 12 horse power, fitted for (our pairs of stones, with dress is much he, patent «mutttng-maohlue, and hoisting gear, all in excelled working order. The property may be divided into two lots If means are. The purchaser can obtain the freehold on certain termed and arrangements can be made for a large portion of the purchase-money remaining on mortgage Apply to Muttlebury, Malleson, and Coster, soli- citors, 21 Queen-street. _ THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 19 r - At 12 o'clock. A T Lloyd's Roi in, Collins-street west. , "" Galllot built Schooner 1 Darke,;. H A. COFFEY is favored with iUBlrno XX«J,l0>19 to SELL by AUCTION, at Lady de cows, cuiilnt-streot west, on Thursday, February 10, at 12 o'clock, 2? at The Galliot DARING, 197 tons register, 90 tons horses in, built atVonelara, in Holland, of the vi ty Rtrongort n waters], in the usual substantial! style of the Dutch, in the year 1849. she was on the ship In June, '1859, andthenjundernent complete repair, including re moi ailing" with heavy glue, now sails plants, 4 , where necessary. She has also the bow ports, 28 It cLcs square inch. Her inventory is ample, and includes a perfect or' that of masts, and, anchors, chains, heats, in., all of the best material. She has just completed trip from Recherche Bay. Y.D.L., brim has a cargo of timber measuring 00,000 regard rains a freight of ' 2000. in six weeks. there is a charter at present existing which can be transferred, is desired, to the purchaser for one of t free trips similar to the above. The auctioneer would invite the particular attention of shipmasters engaged in those planted trade desirous of having a really on stable vessel to this sale, n for in her chest working- expenses, easy draught of water feet 6 leaded and corners! goo I condition, a very hand- some pre fit. could be denied from the investment of a comparatively small capital. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. ~ TUESDAY. ARCH 1. At 12 o'clock At Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street West. J W A K R v N GODDARD, ' United States Built Clipper. 1 To the Merchants, In porters, hhlpowi.tr»,and Others \- Generally Engaged in the China, East India, West Coast, California, Mauritius Or Intercolonial Trades. * HA. COFFEY has been favored with In etrULiiotis from Messrs. lord and d., on account of Captain Rule', departure for home, to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, Ouiltun-sttont nest, on Tuesday, March 1, at 12 o'olock, The celebrated clipper brigantine WARREN GODDARD, 218 American. 126 English tuna register; 500 tons burthen ; built at Eastport, U.s.A, In the year 1853, or oak, beech, and neck attack ; well (trained and thoroughly strengthened with heavy growth knees and stringent she was placed in Messrs. Dove and Oswald's floating dock in September last, and then underwent a complete overhaul of hull, DIBBLE, etc, and was sheathed with Muntz's metal, of 18, it, and 22 na , under inspection Her carrying and sailing qualities are not i quailed, certain ly not surpassed, by any vessel engaged In the intercolonial trade, She, this voyage, landed on the Melbourne Wharf, without lightering, £67 tons Adelaide Cargo without damage to a package, and has on several cccBilousnudi complete vnj»ge,liicludiiitrdetiiuloT in port, -within today. She shirts and sundry without ballast, and can go to sea with SO tone. The cabinets on deck, well fitted up with a view to comfort of passengers, and will accommodate eight, in addition to the masters officers. Herlntentoiy is complete in every respect, and Included double suit of falls, at short, chains, patent windlass, two boats, Ac, all of the best material and in excellent order. In one or g- attention to the sale of the Warren Godden the auctioneer feels justified in stating that he has never yet had an eye on unity of »uhml»lngln the public a vessel so thoroughly well adapted to the in let colonial trade, or one 11, at would He likely to make large a return for the outlay, her walk ing expenses iiot,fXccedmg those of a vessel of 160 ton, while her earnings- will be Mr than double Trims and particulars In future advertisement. "A" Tewsley. To Furniture Dealers, Gentlemen Furnishing, and Others. Unreserved Sale of Pianoforte, Chcfflonler, re. A G M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, A in his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, February 7, at 11 o'clock, 1 handsome octavo walnut pianoforte by Bank tetlow. Loudon 1 handsome cheffioneer 1 double washing stand with fittings, complete Earl 0 plunge-bath 8 main game chests drawers And miscellaneous articles of furniture, to close accounts. No Reserve, TH IS DAY. To Palmas and Others. 26 Iron Kings Row and Burnt Sienna. AafOrted Di urns. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION. a in his minis, Collins-street, on (Monday, Situated 7, at 11 o'clock, 1 eat a raw means. of do do. In ii Li drums of 7lbs" Hill., and 20lbs. each. time It soldier account of which it may concern. Without Reserve. IS I AT. To Dcrdoio and Others. are Mrved Clearing-out Belle of Mlsoelhnoon» (Lords. , AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, 2 in hit morn, Collins street, on Monday, February 7, at 11 o'clock, Balzary of nursing ship-' stores, Ex Florence- Nightingale. Also, Cheese, lamp oil, hams, rice, currants, tea, tobacco, d. p., whi log, confectionery, sales, trunks of steriliser, etc No Reserve, fc TUESDAY I ~ 10 Chemists, Country Store keepers, and Others. 20 cases Mr. 8. P. Townsend's Sarsaparilla. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION. XV. in his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday: I fernery 7, at 11 o'clock, SO cases Dr. B. P. Towr.acnd'a extract of china prints. Just landed, and guaranteed genuine. Terms at Sale. _ THIS DAY. Oom Factory, Liveryatablo-neepers, and OthOM. 2,600 Bushels Oats. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION. i at his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, eSroary 1, at 11 o'clock, 1,100 bUhhtls Russian oats 1,600 do white Irish do. All guaranteed. Terms and Further Particulars at Sale. THIS DAY. To Coachbuilders and Others. 1 Stanhope Gig, 1 Groom' Spring-Cart G. M'COMBE will) SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Colllns-street, on Monday, mary 7, at 11 o'clock sharp, 1 stands in Rev J grocery' spring-cart. To be sold Without Reserve. THIS DAY. To the Boot and Shoe Trade. 11 Cases Collin and Son's Ladies' and Gentlemen's Boots and Shoes. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, February 7, at 11 o'clock, 6 over B in diamond, 15 cases boots and shoes, consisting of Ladies' beat cloth and cashmere boots, welts, ' issue; heels, channel-, U G., Ac Cordovan boots, pump-, JPs. Calf wellingtons, bevelled edges Leather cloth men's shoes, with e'ABtlo fronts JJitro-fioiiv seal slippers Last lag slippers Balmoral ladies' and gentlemen's boots Colored] Cashmere boots, Ac No charge for packages. The balance of an Invoice, to be N ki to close accounts, Without lteacrye,_ THIS DAY. To ShlpohaBdlor* and Others. 100 Packages Manilla Rope and Spun Yarn. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins street, on Monday ebony 7, at 11 o'clock, 100 packages Mail is rope and English spun yarn Assorted flies, Terms at Sale THIS DAY! " To Dealers and Others. At the rick of the former purchaser, Mr Lee, Prahran. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, 126 in his rooms, Collins street, on Monday, February 7, at 11 o'clock, 2 placed side dishes and covers 1 mahogany wardrobe To be sold for account and link of Mr. Leo, Prahran. No ling i vo. ,, THIS DAY. , 1 Trunk Oj onion Boots. At the risk of Mr. Banks, the former purchaser. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, is bus routes. «Jol.ins-1 street, on Monday, February 7, at 11 o'clock, 678 In triangle, 1 trunk 72 per cuff oxonian", regular SIBOB. To be sold for sea air and talk of Mr. Marks, the former purchaser. Without Reserve THIS DAY. At Hamilton's Rpndect Stores, Collins-street west Corner of King-street. 250 Boxes at 1 o' acres]. more or less damaged. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, 2, at Hamilton's Bonded Stores, Collins-street West, on Monday, February 7, ataquartertoll o'clock sharp, i ' 869 three-quarter boxes of tobacco. All more or less damaged. To be sold for the bone (II of whom it may concern. Terms at Sale, THIS DAY. To Millers, Bakers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Sale of Flour, Sardines, currants, c. ToGlnao Consignments. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, JARS in his rooms, Collins street, on Monday, February 7, at 11 o'clock, 10 tons (more or less) Adelaide flour 100 barrels Gallego do r SO canoe is. audioes I 10 captain of currants 100 casks of dried apples. All in first-rate condition. To be sold to close consignments. i . Terms- Allwright TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. To Ironmongers, Contractors, Tentmaker, and Country Storekeepers. G M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a In his rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, february 8, at 11 o'clock, 20 bales of drills SO do of Raven's duck 100 dozen of Howland's long-handled (hovels, round-pointed £0 du handled de- £00 do pick handles 100 gross patent clothes-pins SOO dozen and nests tubs and party. . All In training col Onion. Terms Under 100., Cash ; above that amount, approved acceptances at three months'' date " WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6. To Grain Dealers', Liner Stable Keepers, and Others. ] Extensive and Unreserved Rate of 10,00 Bushels of Colonial and Foreign Oats, at Thompson's Grain ! Stores, 40 Little Lonsdale street west; to time accounts. A G. M'COMBE is instructed by Messrs. J\\_m Thomas Thompson and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their Grain Moree, 40 Little Lonsdale, street west, on Wednesday, February 6, at 11 o'clock, Ex Pirate, ; u K I 71 bags black New Zealand oats < was 15 do do do do ' ? OBQ ' ISO do white do de- Ex- 802 do Polish oats i 81 do do do, slightly damaged i 160 bags oats, various brands, ex ' , 800 bags new Irish oats (llajburyV block and white-) 350 bags Danish oats, As. .,,,,. The attention of the trade is particularly called to the above important sale or first class colonies! and foreign oats, the whole of which must purely be sold to close accounts. , ! Without reserve. TCIUIB LI burials \-- . i WfeDKB8D/iY, FEBRUARY 0. To Farmers Mid Others, j dead at Mordialloc. and ' WALSTAB has received instructions LTD to SELL by AUCTION, at his recent-., 85 rJTiiiT«.«triet west, Team account, of Weekes day, February 9, at 12 cash ck, > 82 acres of land being part of allotment 2 section 12 having a frontage of O chains not be liable for g road; is heavily timbered, will pay will for clearing. said will be found to be a One rich loamy soil. ' - Plan to be seen at the auctioneer's rooms j -"WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 0. i , Red Bluff, ' Brighton. WALSTAB hûBrea-lveel insurrection in DISPOSE OF by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his reTurn, 86 Onlliiib-auett works, Temple Court, of Wednesday, February 6. Two really splendid blocks of load of 43 acres 2 roods seen at the Red Bluff, frontage to the . Beach, being part of action he parish of Moorabbin, adjoining the well known residence off II. Ibeauelione.'rhB'iiriboilta'liin In stating smiths nmUKCl front of ewe lots IS unrivaled. cninniuiidiiig al shades ubliilenupted view of Wll.lumHrmn s.? t the shipping, Schnapper Point, Mounts Eliza and To thcso^ireritl'emcn to whom a marine residence h desirable things an opportunity were offered, and the auctioneer at paid on at a in the 11 ' admit of in creased merits this land It has January very valuable from Itacontlguiiy be imputed railways, to relief from thoeteaoily his remains demand for machine site in this healthy and elelgbilul and fell. The auctioneer ditto? 2 peiMiial tiepeoHonol the mould by Intending purchasers, in order that they DM seed squire, he said I" am sum veil held in the undesirable attractions of its position, or, as a sound investment , Hand to behnuattho enchanter's rooms. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, Elsternwick'. Beautiful Allotment of Land, of about 1 Acre. WALSTAB has fleece by AUCTION in 2, at his loon e, if' ClllHr-tXi.l vie'.lrUil.Io EXPLOIT \Wdind..>. Farnell 7, at 12 o'clock. One of ll,opictti«.t allow me as I ! c mom cb; leo prices ClateinviHl, Uhg allotment 10 Of block li1)!'»Hunte at the tone of radio and Drake atlee travels afi.Msge-.l C'S fell to the, front. in di l»îtotlnilailirHHit,ls iUo to aid the., Manly initials or Allied. Lai.l¿i,»riol»«lvhi. is rich uuV walked a conti ii.Ui.tKi matter <"> l"" "V e' landholder can strongly recommend it to an attendant In stallion over three desirable allot milking residence. M J lil ter 1. "inattfctaurtionetr'cofflc».. G G. '?, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6. Furniture and Other Ml<ceHanoom Effects, so To P In the Fnratlla, and Others GWALSTAB will SELL by AUCTION. at his recent, 84 Cullis a- street west, on Wood away, Februay ; 9, (the usual weekly sale,) some excellent fu i i are, selling at which will be found Table, c-ilfTiiiiiIore, hands me to keep e, with glaze d du on, at looking glad, to listen 1, iron permit later, put the (solo, in good order and other matter held articles Ladies and good man not long Single articles! furniture re i invited to attend the-, al to N B. The matter from what is 11 to state of this do startling story talented j Hirtlua lbw homes are not comm di u by or of Eventually situated to h Iel a tale of their Tariff use upon the) DRILLERS, will fit d tim au ei j musical and aJvtiiiiag«iun mode of di nothing of It, mr eli auctioneer will tend farm threaten a d chiefs I it on to remove li, and make a cash se VAIICO when requested WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6. Building Allotments st Nor boots). G WALSTAB has received 1 instructions to a SELL by \\.UCriov,a his rooms, 82 Collins st ever wilt, Icrnplj court, on ftuiluuedji, Foeiru_ctj 9, at 12 o'clock, A magnificent block of land of S acres, near to the Peacock Inn Northcote, on Utluir of S acre, he dug allotment 21, and part. of Section 101. It is cV._r-.te a short di evil is beyond the t timber, in the immediate view Itv of the b a- rail fence In this highly-paid arrested- and improving suburb, and will hos- Id In mm lot, an advantage not to be lOAt ill-lit e of in these days of limiting building sites to a few feet of grain in A pint cm he took at the auctioneer's rooms WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. To Farms s. Splendid Agricultural Li met at Mulgrave. G WALSTAB has been favored with in structions to SELL by AU TION, at his rooms, 86 Collins-street west Temple- court, on Wednesday, February 9, 82 acres of land at Mulgrave, consisting nine blocks, one of 84 acres and another of 12 acres, being 7,8,0,10, 88 20, 69, 31, 36, 38, 34 and 35 of a subdivision of part of portion 73 Tills neighborhood is so well-known for its steel knt agricultural qualities that it is deemed superfluous to say more than that it is one of the prettiest and most improving suburbs The auctioneer calls attention to the very thing tern s of payment of this property, viz a -one fourth death and the remainder in three equal instalments, at the, 12 and 18 months', with bank interest, A plan can be seen at the auctioneer')! rooms. WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 9 Land at Elsternwick, on the Beach, t , Near Briitntoo Beautiful Building; Sites. To Private Gentlemen', Publicans, and Others. G WALSTAB has been honored with a . structions to SELL by AUCTION, at his Rooms, 86 Gillies-street were Temple- court on Wednesday, February P, at 12 o'clock, JO allotments of land, of about half an acre each. on the Bench, at Elsternwick, adjoining Brighton. This beautiful piece of ground has frontages to the Beach, to the two chain road at those first on to Brighton, and to the St Kilda road and they are the most eligible sites In the whole of this desirable neighborhood for marine residences. The auctioneer would draw the particular attent n f publicans and capitalized, to the corner allotment, which would be a space did site for a first-class hotel, for which there is a good opening. There will be a station on the railway within about hall a mile. The- auctioneer respectfully requests an Inspection. of this property. Plan, with every reformation, can be obtained at as auctioneer's rooms. MONDAY, FEBRUARY li. Ballaarat. Important Sale of VAIUKMO freehold Property, In the Insolvent Estate of Daniel Sweeney. To Horne and Cattle Salesmen, UnpUallsts, green \- ¡ labors, and Farmers. MITCHISON BROTHERS will) SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, in the highest fielder, at their rooms, Main-road, Ballaarat, on Monday ft January 14, The following choice properties : I Lot All that piece or parcel of land being allotment IA I recently n K, Main road, Ballaarat, contains p; 9 perches, and on which is meted treated mine The building Known as meet ry's Hi KO Das ar and Sale- rooms, with office, table", Show Yard, is, unquestionably the best position in Ballaarat for a horse bazaar. Lot 2, All that piece or parcel of land containing 1 rood and 10 perches, being what linens 193 of section A, township of st still V Rest, Dowlii g Forest, being a of men allotment to the Market place, and a fine site for the erection near bute!. Lot 3, All that piece or parcel of land to the party hot Arcot, being part of portion 80, and containing 70 acres. I *. This land is well worthy the attention of opltalUH, . rich quartz vein having been struck adjoining got Lot 4 All that piece or parcel! land, being allotment 7 of Motion 2, parish of Coroner, near the Gordon diggings, and containing 243 acres of rich agricultural land, : Lot 6, All that piece or parcel of land, being allotment I of section 2, parish of Gorong, and containing 10 acres rich land. LrtO, All that piece or parcel of land, being allotment 16, Eotdlng Forest, and containing 16 acres 3 perches of fine land, fronting the racecourse Lot 7. All) that piece or parcel of land in the county of Grenville, parish of Ballaarat, contalning87acros. being allotment 12 of a cotton O, being the land sold) as lot No. 8, In pursuance of the proclamation of the 21st day of January, 1850. Lot 3. All that piece or parcel of land in the enmity of Grenville-, parish of Ballaarat, being portion of allotment 6, cell in 0, having a frontage to the Sum Bank and Avoca roads, i Lot 9 All that piece or parcel of land in the cavity of Grant, parish of Ballan, being Ellement softened tion 3, Ballan township, and containing 2 roods Lot 10 All that piece or parcel of land in the county of Grant, par h li cr Ballan, being al) train t Co section 6, Ballan township, with a frontage Inglis-street. lot 11. All that piece or parcel of land, in the county of Grant, parish of Ballan, being allotment 6 of sel a, rebate. 1 Lot 12. All that piece or parcel of land, in the county of Grant, parish of Clarendon, being allotment 8 of sec S, and containing 1 rood tO perches and 7 lOtbs of a perch, facing High street, and nearly opposite the Corduroy Hotel. The auctioneers would earnestly of the attention at the public to this bona Ode tale of landed property, the whole have been judiciously selected, and daily Crossing In this. 1 Tile Crown grants Plans can be seen and all particulars uncertain M the rooms of the auction term, Main road, Balaarat Sale to commence at 12 o'clock. Terms Know, as M'lo______ 2"""" THIS DAY. 1 Prahran. Talsablo Chapel street Freehold Property for Sale JB. CREWS, being instructed by the pro . printer, Mr. William Mowbume, will offer to SALE by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, and by loving the Church of England Schools, Cbnix 1 met Pi stolen, on Monday, February 7 at 1 o'clock p m., The following valuable freehold property I Lot t. All 'that four-roomed brick house, with sheds, as standing on a piece of ford havng a frontage is 14 feet to Chapel-street by a depth of 180 feet . 2 Lot 2. All that capital piece of building (ground adjoining the above, having a frontage of 60 feet to Chapel street by a depth of 138 feet, on which is em o a, blacksmith's shop. The auctioneer begs to call the attention of investor faW persons seeking business sites to the above pre Party, as its near proximity to the Railway Station and the fact of Chapel street being the main thoroughfare since the opening of the new bridge to RU second in command increasing value independent of its imKidld depth and central situation Terms, liberal, to bed related at saw. Title guaranteed YUtoila Agencjj,Ofllct, Telgu Cottage, High-street Arabian GEELONG. GEELONG. < i Preliminary Notice. Te) Farmers, Capitalists, Speculators, Hotelkeepers i and Others. : Important Sale of Suburban, Country, and Town Lands, In and near Geelong. T W. JOHNSTON and Co. are favored with I instructions from the trustees in the estate of the late John Cumming, sen, Esq to BORES the PUBLIC UOMP14UT10N, on an early day of what is notice will be given), , abe whole of that Invaluable and improved property known as i s , Cumming's Farm, in lots, as at present subdivided by fences (situate In the parish of Moolap, on the scheme ville-road), some of which are within and some are immediately beyond the old corporation boundary, and being portion 4 of Section II allotment 11, 12, and 13 of block 3, and comprise tug In all 1,087 acres 8 roods 16 perches. Also, The Moolap Hotel, with about 40 acres land attached. Town Properties. Allotment 1 of section iii, corner of Malop and Swanston street, having 132 feet frontage t Malop street, and 195 Peel I Frontage to Swanston street, being 2 roods. Allotment 2 of section 12, adjoining the above having a frontage to Malop-street of 50 feet, by; a depth of 380 feet to Little Mab street, to the street there lies like frontage of 66 feet, and men sat in g 2 good I was, down grants. Terms and further particulars in a future silver V.B. The auctioneers have much pleasure In sad writing these properties, of such acknowledge) 'much, to the public generally : they would here) state that the country and suburban lands are of the late chief quality, with an ample supply owes and water! their close proximity to town (about «rtnutet'iiiltlniuM be a convincing proof that that a State can never depreciate, but must receiver either go in value, and that to a very short time t II only to the- millionaire who can at all complete l sits a dear son, PuichaMiB of time, we" will do we to abide this sale, and went for ^»..«.J a P } a pinning, and which must rapidly return PRELIMINARY NOTICE Important to Ironmongery Builders, and AD Whom it May Concern. On an Early Day trade Extensive and Unreserved Sale of Handsomely Carved Mantelpieces. Feedator Crates Large Kitchen Ranges, Saddlery stars' And A large Quartz y of other Merchandise. J. "?ruic.8.r»;ocm,J.hs.vP.b.fieoei: Swiss A large quantity of merchandise, full particulars J T" wh'CP W'H appear in to- morrow's issue. THIS DAY. Important Sale of 107 Trunks and Boxes of Manuable Hood'. to Great Britain!. Direct from the manufacturers, J LYONS and Co. are favored with a, , .,m?nSC','.niL green the B" was.. to SELL by ;,UC7IO*, at the Ir mart, the. New Oommo'ctal FIRM J son, Barrie trio, on Monday, February 7, at 11 o'clock pudsey. A 107 trunks of really seasonable goods, i just landed, a ... Ex °"M Britain, Ardeenrlstlngof- a Trunk,, of interments Devisees M Wellington Do do sprigged do Do do calf hn>t-w>-lllitgtoni Do him heat against Aden , Do do own calf bluchers Do do patent rp regarded Jib no desire Shoes Dodobalf-wrllinidinn, I Piece' Work. Ladies'' kid might have no to Do south did, assured alias Do best ev here due. to face v I)., do, . Taaffe station ship sun. but either there. -., w ., Physical Youths'. 9 Half and write wellington , bluchers, elastic sides and Leoni a ( hll.trfnVi Roots, so. A large cVMntltv of seasonable goods, from 2 to S. otoo, end 16 to 18 The trade will observe that the goods are from is manufacturers In the Londinmarket, and a III be sold In each lots as will suit the convenience of the trade, j s Terms at "Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. To Small r«pli»ll,t». An apparent in which rarely occurs. Too brick Cottages, Wil bout reserve. and Cicero refracted) to SELL AUCTION, on Tuesday, February 8, at li To of line voltage is, 80 feet frontage! to a right of viv, 60 feet deep; one cottage has three rooms, the other two more, ord situate opposite the Main g Star, Little Bourke-street. The above property is set for 625 p year J L, would call riMllculai- attention of Intending purchasers that it will be sent to the highest bidder? I, Remember, 11 o'clock sharp. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. To Town Tradesmen, Corner) BUnpkrrpera, Tailors. Drapers, and the General Trade. Important and Unrrso ved Dale of 102deg and owes of superior Goods. Just' Landed Ad Cree Britain. By the Expr. H in der of the Importers. i LYONS and Co are favored with nature . cloths from the Importers to BELt by US IRON, rather smart, Son so street (New Corumoroial large Room), in The do, February 8, at 11 o'clock, The follow g goods, Just landed, and consists g Trucks of imports HU'tfmcy suits alaAlbort Do do shepherds' pill I do do Do it black of in he trousers Can a) very excellent millers' drab and more true to her Do do up her fine sunny ft nnclvcBtB To do i/-i!«it» while, Swiss family Bales of heavy blue end white face minter light airy summer clothing, In one, reads, first trousers trunks of superior doe, tweed, and other trntlBcrs Do, died a year Do, do doaacB , PoSyi.fy-n'reenta Cases of French and other pile bath Do danger bltvtic.lr Ji««»»nr'»il Saxony flannels Do fWnnol, door and overdoses Do men'' favor the felt hats Bales of assorted Brussels and Kidderminster carpets Do TOM superior hassocks, late patterns Cases of One linen shirt, West styles After which, several cases of millinery good, little, hill cor Uns, tapes, needles, threads, bobbins, etc Terms, liberal, declared at the time of sale and no reserve at the whole of the goods must be chosen to close the last Venture per Great Britain. J LYONS . b) AUO «.. ek thorp, CITY FREEHOLD PROPERTY. ToNous Proprietors, Sp curators, and Others seeking a Rood li vitamins, WADE and GOWAN have received In fractions from the Committee of Management's of Paul's Church Swanston street, to SELL by PBlVATKtONTHAOr, Ihere-ldcnceof the boy. 0. L, Chase, 20 and 21 Stephen street south (or taking 18 rooms, and can be converted into two dwellings a tenant can be secured for six months, at a rental office, per annum. For fur i her particulars and terms apply to Wade and GORE, 60 Collins-street east, next the office of the paper. _ TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. Fancy drapery, , Millinery ' Hoare v. ? tops. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Milliners, Country 8 bioscope , Dealers, and Others. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, brother in favored with instructs us from the importers to SELL by PUB TO AUCTION, at their mart, 80 I Glebe-street east, on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'c ack, 'lb.- following goods, which are well worth the attention of the trade - Lai lei.'uuderol.iihlnit, trimmed and worked Infants' and girl.' entered 491 log Ladlea'iloeand straw bonnets of silk fl duties d Hume Infants frocks and robes Do hoods and cloaks Bonnet r about the likes and garnets Floured simple dresses Fancy prints ' Jackalass Wunulla white cotton both Do white and firm is yarn says Ladles'rio he and his mantles Do ihemUettea and habit shirts Men's 'm in and got cotton hall note Do lambswool hut. and drawers Do tweed and doe trousers Do alpaca and grai-aolutb coats Do soft felt hats Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10. To newly arrived Immigrants. A Malden Farm, adjoining the pre-emptive right of James Austin, King, and Messrs Kennedy, OWeD, and Johnston. . . _ . . Sent the township of Wyndham, parish of! Tarneit, au J the Geelong railway. MR. STUBBS Is Instructed by the proprietor, Mr Holgate, to SELL by PUBLIC A Ul/riOI», at BcBi'-Auctiuii and Bxoh»ngeRoom-, 08 sued street, on Thursday, February 15, at decline A maiden estate of of the finest agricultural land in the colony, ciiniprisligiilnotj-ono»crea(01a 39p.) and thirty eight time-., being alWtuiout 8 or section 7, parish of Tai as it Terms-, liberal, at sale. Nonesuch kind and OOBI a man £100 or £160 peas were in ItiiLlaiid, and who would not buy in a country whorofreehold* are so cheap Terms, liberal, at sale. £6 miles rail from the city, and bounded by three roads. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17. gale till the JunnMon Ilott 1, F. offers). Dure Rental of 2000 per annum. excellent chance for any Im) serious person who wishes to go into the i.tibllcbnuse business. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the pro premier, Mr. Jos es, to SELL by PUBLIC AucTION, on the running, Pottery, on Friday, February 11, at 12 o'clock sharp, All Hat cimtjidlou» well built well known public business property, known as the Junta n Inn, situate at the coin. of Whitehall and Bunbury streets, and let for 12 more than only, to Mr. Nicholas, at the low rent of SI 61 per in num. It is, without doubt, heads st site in Footscray. for an literal. little, First rate. FRIDAY, JANUARY 11. By order of the O (Tidal Assignee, Immediately after the late of tliatvalunlie, popularly patronised, and were conducted House, known as the Junction Inn, Footscray. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Friday, February 11, at 1 CiTcrlnE a very good chance for the working classes, relatives, and navvies. over there to proiurehomoJ and freeholds, and LouIS, 269, and 270, situate at the corner of Albert and Buckley streets, two or three allotments only found the Railway Hotel, port of allotments I and B, sec, 14, quarter acre each CO feet frontage, by 16in depth " Ltt«2t0 and 270 have special recommendations for the election of foundries c 646 erle-, advantage which they exclusively note a in connection with the ïi,AVitBr.. r»uiconÄo«bleh runs right the SA to the. Besides, they are situate on a most d,. Table , ¡¡"»I the town, adjoining the property of Mr. h 5V,'ÏJ3.*sîS'SV? gatepost, and the residue n illiay U, with 10 room Interest. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9 Sale of very Valuable Freehold Properties, viz. a - Rose and Crown Inn, Remington. ' Six II. i e Lind. Afghans! BndtB,',d» Erol *'<>0', North Melbourne, TEST ?,n«fñ.°.d 0P*,0«'"'¡,y '<". both small Mary I large capitalists, and pursouado.lroua of securing tgenaU,,tí;r«hoíbruv0."nP"ty' 2" 2s gift" MR. STUBBS will SUBMIT to PUBLIC AUCTION, at Bear's Auction and Exchange resumes on Wednesday, February 9, at 12 o'clock precisely, leeAlttly to be knocked down to the highest bidder, The funeral g very valuable property to, viz. :? "? " (a order of Mr. Connelly) a late stage died Crown Inn, situate opposite the mornington Hotel, now in den It was t" Dr. Murray, at 250 per annum, for two years and eight month". a Second. House and land, open into the Flemington Hotel, in the occupation of Mr. J. sung, at a rental of 52 per annum House and late d, in the occupation of Messrs. Ban ford and Perry, clothier., to. Rental, 462 per at num. Drung "^I""'1'kt to Mr- Dunstan, at 10s. per week, being £30 per annum. ' Third. 2 By order of Mr. Hinckley. Three corner house, near Nelson -street, Moonee Ponds, just beyond the property of Mr. Hugh Ko. 1, lette Mr. Scott, alCs per week, ' three rooms, per annum ., . ,. easy n n I No. 2, lot to Mr. Hawker, at 10s per Week, per annum. 26 0 0 leo. 8, two i rooms, let to Mr. Lawrence, sISs. per week, geranium .... 20 100 Total rentals to u Fourth, 1 ' By order of Mr Brennan, Houses until trend, Situate in Errol-street. North Melbourne, boot allotntont20, of .uhdlvlalnn -, rolled - the whole either above or positive sale. Terms rrdifurlh>r particulars may be had at Mr. Stubbs'' QUI co, C6Quttuit->tiect. " AUCTIONEERS' Noffke; OWING to the delay in the despatch of the Mail, The BALE of the CARGO of the MAN -sails, from Mnurttlutt, IH Itullier POSTPONED to Tuesday, Fobiuary8,»t 12 o'clock. W J. TENNENT and Co. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Sale! MagnlQccittSubuibnii Allotment, consisting of l Skues le Roods 3 Perches, , In the ht.lcettPait of a St Kilda, "King Allotment 57 U, Parish of Prahran. By Order of the Mortgage c. To Gentlemen In quest of Site- for his late Residence, ) j i j Speculators, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by e AUCTION, at their rooms, on an early day, due notice of which will be i Even, By order of the mortgagee, All that most desirable and bcjtiilfulh-sllnatetl portion of land at St. Kilda I hell g allotment 167 B, parish of Prahran, and contained g by ad- measurement 4 acres 2 roods 14 perches, as per Government plan. This ni»j,iiiflcent property has a frontage to the Government made, Is Situated In about the best pen action Hills favorite locality, and quality the reid death of Archibald Mid lot sq , ariel t after. 7 The auctioneers beg to call the attention of gentle men In Starch of Sites for resistance to this sale, as the In the only allotment oil', ring In this most roll constable and fiRe reality neighborhood. The rifle is a Crown grant. Terms, liberal, at oslo. ' . Plans of the property may be soon at the rooms ( The auctioneers. 1 THIS DAY. \- At the Railway Shed, Flinders-street. ON Bags Mauritius Sugar, All Faults. , Ex Leopard, Account Canberra). WM. TENNENT and Co. will SITU by AUCTION. at the Railway Shed, Flinders street, on Monday, February 7, at 11 o'clook, 66 bags Mauritius sugar. More or less damaged, ex Leopard. Account of whom it may concern. 1 Terms Cash. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. I 700 bags Californian Beans, WM. TENNENT F and Co. have received a Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rei of, Collins-street, on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'clock, r 700 bags Californian beans. i Terms at Sale, j TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. 80 Tons Patna Rice. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. have received s instructions to HULL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, February 8, at li o'clock., 80 tons Patna rice Now landing. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. Hol Tindale's celebrated Tasmanian Jams. Te Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, into M. TENNENT and Co, will SELL by F Y AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, Feburary 8, at 12 o'clock, a 201 cases Tasmanian Jams, Consisting of raspberry, strawberry, black currant damage, at four, English greengage, magnum bonum, plum, tree. In splendid order, Terms at Sale. , FURTHER POSTPONEMENT to TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. Owing to the delay in the despatch of the Mail. Entire Cargo of the Mandarin, from Mauritius. 6,736 Bags Mauritius Sugars, of Qualities ranging from Bright Rations, Ural class Counters to Flu e Wh I to Generals. To the Merchants, Grocers, and the bride at Lane of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballaarat, Beechworth, w W M TENNENT and Co. have received . Instructions from Messrs Grice, Sumner and Co, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins-street, on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'clock, The entire cargo of the Mandarin, from Mauritius, eot-BlBtlngof I B, Bon Air, 233 bags 2-Rlv'eroNolr 06 do Reunion, 815 do at every hour, 430 do 6-Mon Loisir, 140 do O'More Desert, me do 7- Dee? River, 766 do 8- Fslrfond, 68 der 0--L'Union. 112 no 10 Belle Vue, at 6 do I'll. U'Ambor, 1,000 do 12- Caroline, 200 d instant River, 176 do 14-H. D'Arbon, 260 do 16- Reunion, 688 do 16- do 33 do 17- Mcdlrto, 40sec i 10- Constance h'Arafit, 074 do., Total, 0,710 bags Mauritius sugar. The cargo will Bored, and available for delivery on the day of sale from the Imp store blinded Store. The tenders invited to inspect samples from I ask have on view at our rooms. The smallest. of the sugars, are suited for the present requirement of the market, and Include bright lately-, really first- class counter and fine white crystals. ' Terms, liberal, at sale. help Tuesday, February 8, at 12 o'clock, precisely. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. | 10 Tons Manilla Coffin. \- To.G nors, Storekeepers, and Others, WM TENNENT V and Co. have received , Inn stations to SELL by AUCTION, at their room n, em Tuesday, February 8, at 12 o'clock, 10 tons Manilla coffee, Terms at sale ~" TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. Gunpowder Tea. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TIT M tENNENT and Co will SELL by ; W " AUCTION, their rooms, on Tuesday, - February 8, at 12 o'clock, 24 boxes finest gunpowder tea, each packages, each 2 lb. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8 Cargo of the Canton, from Macao. 4,0.0 Bags Rice, each 83 Ibu. ' 4000 Do Do, each In the. 200 Cases Preserved Ginger. To Merchants Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co have received a instructions from the importers, Messrs. Clay, Marshall, and O'., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, February 8, all- o'clock, The cargo of the Canton, from Macao, consisting of 4 W0 bags, 63 lbs. each, race 4000 do, 12 . lbs, each, do 200 cases preserved ginger. .,.."" The Cjtttou will discharge alongside the Railway Pier, and arrangements will be made to have the cargo available for delivery prior to the day of sale. . Terms, Liberal, at Sale '. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY . Entire Cargo of the East, from St John's, Newfoundland, 015 Bands, Husbands, Quarters, and Fltklm White Herrings 220 II«lf-flrk!n» and Rita of Salmon. 2,080 Cwt, Drum, and Case's O. dish. To the Merchants, storekeeper', Fl mangers, Dealers, and others of Melbourne, Geelong. Ballaarat, sandhurst, C«»ilcraalnc, and Beechworth WM. TENNENT and Co have received a inrtiuotluu» from the Importers, Messrs Law. Dodd. and Co , to BHL', by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Wednesday, February 6, at 1 The entire cargo of the Era, from St. John's, New foundlami.tonslstlngiif, 100 barrels what he sings 40Jhall-burttlido IfjOe.uirtcr-btrrcla do 85 Iii he has do 100 half barrels salmon and fifty do (15 casks 4 to 6 cwt. of fish Of drums, 11 cut. each, do 174 du, level. orchards Still Lives, l cwt. each, OO SSSdei, let. each, do £0 do, JtCftl. each, do. .,.,," The whole of this Cargo, which 'J landing, In the. new order, will be ready for the It-cry prior to the die of sale, The attention of the train I. cproUl y child to swell a.Bitrtodihlpmoitt, which has arrival ELlis i petulantly. to supply the market. '1 ernie, liberal, at noon. Wednesday, February 6, at 12 o'clock. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, , ... Northcote. Important to Gentlemen requiring a Villa Rise..,. c . r Post cans. Specials tV, seed Other. says We of that Magnificent Freehold Property Arlington. Allotments, each one Bond. non.. while The Northcote Hotel " and" Also answer -.. »íía1lí8,)me Villa Residence. The whole of this valuable property, situate, as. this SC.°,'.0t,r,,the ,,|en'JVru,d' as vMaieotÄrrt effect poll-tax was about. J mill, at,", the rear. Lot 1. CEO rood, No. I, Section 16 on which increases The Northcote lines 6d built of bluestone, slate roof, inside northern ground and fitted with cedar. It eontalnsh»»' 4 6 feet by 16 feet 3 inches ; tapioca. 20 x 18 entrance hall, 3 feet wide ; he narlorsT ear; >cBChHxl2;two bedrooms, each l2b^2Von» bedroom, 18 x 36 arched Ruben, W Sol 8 Inches x 18; »civ*.nt>'.rooui, 14 feet reached a 3 feet 8 inches ; ale 1 an excellent cellar, 50 feet 1.18 foot 3 inches; iiiuliulldlng«, eight stall stable, and loose box, at J the requisite out The entrance and yard are enclosed with frame Kau, I'd t street among boat deck fencing. " w '. Lots. 1 Two allotments, each 1 rood, being lots B. and in section 15, adjoining lot 1. ". Lot 83 Three allotments, each one rood, being lots 8 9 and 16, section 16. Upon lot f h erected a ' 1 tiresome Villa Residence, ' built or blueaiMje, front turned, slate roofs and all pUstiiod Inside A spacious verandas round the front. The house containsenironoo. lull ; drawingroom, 17 ft. 6in x 16 ft., with cor- nice marble chimney piece-, French windows - II dining-room, 16 x W ; breakfastroom 15 x H bedroom, 16 x 14 ; 2 bedrooms, each 12 ft. 6in' r12 ft, I storeroom, 12 ft. 6 in. 17 ft, ; alnoT kitchen, 18 x ii ; servants' bedroom, 18 x 7 stables and coachhouse, and other r requisite out' but dings. 'Tin front is enclosed with a »inllmillntr fence. the Weir and back with a three-rail "ring forms. like garden around the house is in excellent Matron, and well stocked with choice shrubs, flowers, Lots. Two allotments, one rood each, being hits 0 and a section 16. A plan of the properly is not, on view at the rooms cribe auctioneers, where cards to view may be ob-. . Joined. Title guaranteed. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. ' ., THIS DAY. 1 55 Nicholson-street, Collings read. 'a" ' . To Parties Furnishing and Others. I am ,. Drawingroom, Dining and Bed Room Karatta. s Superior Plated Ware, Oats, 5s. 1 -, JP. MACKILLOP (of Mackillop and Cooke) ' . is instructed to SELL by I*Ulit,I0 AUCTION, - on the premises, No. 16 MchulM street, opposite Onilton'gardtms, on Monday, February 7, at lit o'clock, The household of furniture and < fleets of gentlemen, changing his residence, consists g of j. Parlor and bind the. in Furniture Mahogany loo table, easy chair 1 }<uhii|.an} card-table, homely games, by Thwaites Cedar Chiffonniere Six illegal!) chairs, seats at d tucks covered in morocco, by Thwaites Killie cliininejglaiac*, 60 x 60, and 88 X 28 > Cut crystal decanters and wine glasses, c,, in r ,, great variety. 2\. Dri.«lngrorni Furniture. A very her decease 7 octave Pianoforte,! by Allison and Allison , ' Pulle of diningroom chairs, in walnut Ocucb, race) chairs he, in do Carpet, on" a graving-, &o; 1 1 8 Plated Ware, he. - 2 Soup tureen, vegeloWe clubs- (Elkington's) > Spoons, forks, effects, less ft V, lie, I Bedroom Furniture. Double and single wrought-iron bedstead superior horsehair married, in classes 3 Cedar Washstands, single and double, chamber services Mahogany drawers and dressing tables. Bed and cattle line of the b 01 d'tcrlntleo. P Kitchen Utensils. ' Bnssrll'spatont co flagstone Dinner and tea canteen Tables chairs, patent mangle Cooking and stir, Ac. The auctioneer begs to direct the particular atten- foot kJfumil'eit till sale orangeries and refuting alter, the whole of which he is allotted to them of Without reserve, Catalogues can be had at the itHceo of ttacklllop and Cooke, 81 Collins street east, and the. furniture will be on view the morning of Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, To Speculators, Dealers, and Others. JP. MACKILLOP (of Mackillop and E Cooke) has received instructions from M'Gowen and Co. tuSsLE by PUBLIC) AUCTION, at the le S ore Bourke street, opp Mia the Post-office, em Took day, February 8, at 11 o'clook probably, About 160 boxes of immigrants' luggage. Without the least resolve. To ray,Btorugo and other charges to 1st November Mary. ... The greater part of Ihlslurgogo li at been In store for two or three years, and will be so).' without reserve.. terra. cash, on fall of the hammer. 81 Ce ll»n»-atrJet easier FRIDAY, PKBRU s BY 11. JaucOiliI, Plenty-road. Farm Stock, Cr. p and Implements. JP. MACKILLOP (of Mackillop and Cohen a will SELL by A CUP RUN, at Jaiitllold, on the late, adjoining the Factories, and opposite the Plough Inn, on Friday, February 9), at 12 o'clock noon, All the farm stock and implements, le, comprise lift Stake (I oats, 1 wheat, 1 bailey) of hay, is all about 20 tons, well saved and first-class Crop of growing potatoes Draught, saddle-, and harness horses A number of milking cows, 9 heifers, calves, are. Team of bullocks, in fine condition, accustomed to farm work : dray and went Horse and bullock ploughs, harrows, spring-cart, dray, sets, of shall and landed at harness Large-sized viinnowlng-maihliie, Uli patent self-cleaning screens Large double chum Boiler, stockyards, and a lot or farm Itrjpkmentn too numerous to parttcuiathc. And A quantity of poultry. terms at sale. No Reserve. ' THIS DAY. I Choice Corner. , Johnston-street. N KINSMAN has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, corner of Johnston and Wellington streets on Mon-. day, February 7, a' 2 o'clock, A store and home of three rooms. The land his a frontage, to Johnston street of 25 feet by 90 feet deep to be lington street, unit is one of the beat bUKiuesscornera In Johnalou-hiroot. Sale at 2 o'clock, by N. Klii«nntii, auctioneer and razor, 8 Moor-street, Collingwood. THURSDAY, FltlirlUAriY 10. 12 o'clock. Choice Freehold, Wulllugtru-trcet, CollingwOOd Land and a four-roomed house. N KINSMAN has been favoured with Itt , selections from Mr. Geo away to SELL by Mullan, on the ground, 011 Thursday, February 10, at 12 o'clock, 2.... All that valuable land, having a frontage of 66 feet 10 WeUlngtoii-Btiem, by 117 feet deep, with a right-of-way at the rear, on which is erected a f. ur roomed weather board house, with passage. The property is fenced in, with a neat garden, and oppo lie biRiiley-Btitot Title good. Farms Third cash three and six months' for the remainder Sale by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, No. It. er street, Collingwood.. SATURDAY, FKItKUfiKX 12. At 2 o'clock. AtrlouPurai freeholds Home Society. NKJNSMAN has been favored with a o structions from the mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, 00 Saturday For every 12, at 2 o'clock, JH that piece or panel of lat d In the oJonyor Victoria, situate, lying, and being in the county of Bourke, and parish of the JUa, part of per- ton 188, mail" containing 8 acres 1 rood and 23 perches, on which is erected! a four-roomed weatherboard house, stable, 21 d lighthouses, will fruit and flower garden, and all the land under cultivation ,.,.._,.. The property is situated 6 miles from Melbourne, 1 n He from the 1' grim Inn, and a little off the Plenty ' ino above will be final on Saturday neit.at'Jo'çloî«',' at the rooms of N. Kinsman, 8 Moor-street, COU mi" is wood, auctioneer and valuer. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuable Household Furn turn and ElliOtt, Henry-street, Windsor. J- H. NELSON IS foOrd with Institute . long term Capt. Turner, who is leaving for ii? and, 'a SELL by AUDI lots, at an early date. The whole of his handsome household turns are, Ac. Full particulars In future Issue "I THIS DAY. St. Kilda. Household Furniture, Books, c. IB. NELSON Is favored with lo«t¡tuetlon»l . seem íírsTll'Uod to SELL by AUMW/Ji«» vary 1 r cases. Alma Villa, Chapel- street . Flat": D./ii-ititet, St. Kilda, on Monday, Februaryat 12 , , Vic whole of her household furniture, 20., com P'1,Li:idn"-tab'e cbinonnlero, easy-chair, six hilt easier, light utensils, large water-main. A iii invaluable books Ukaliehvuu-deg.ito, to reserve. fern:s Gath. 