SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. . HOBSONS BAY. TrjJB TABU! This Dav.-High water, morning, 8.20 ; do., afternoon, 8,23. _ .. _ "._!-. ~*f.-April" 18^0 "a.m. :"calm ¡"wealhor clear and fine. 12 noon : Wind S.S.E., light ; weather cloar and _-fino. 5.30 p.m. : Wind E.B.E., light ; woathor clear {and fino. , c ii.' ARRIVED.-Aron l8. '. . Corolin«,' schooner, 138 tons, if. B. Cleary, fron» Newcastle, N.S.W., 3rd hist. No passougers. Gustavo -Bockx, agent. SAILED.-Aran l8. 1 ' ira. ENTERED OUTWARDS.-ArB.lt, l8. ira. CLEARED OUT.-Aron l8. Hannan nicholson, barque, 252 tons, J. B. Raak, lor Guam. William Nicholson and Co., agonts. - Lune Scott, barque, 153 tons, W. M'Donald, for Guam in ballast. E. F. Sichol and Co., agents. Wonga Wonga, s.a., 444 tons, D. Walker, for Sydnoy. Vf. P. White and Co., agonts. PROJECTED DEPARTURES. Fob London.-Princeof Wales, 25th May; ünoolrt« s/iire, 28rd April ; Avon, 12th May. Fob Southampton and Rio Janeibo.-Oneida, s.s.,' ' " early in May. Fob LiVEBrooL.-lightning, 0th May 5 Beechworth, early. Fob Hodabt Town.-Cuy of Hobart, 20th April. Fob Launceston_Black Swan, this day. FOB Adklaidb,-Havilah, 20th April. Fob MADBA8.-Empress Eugenie, Vtllcdc Montpellier, early. Fob Madras and Calcutta.-Queen of India, early. Fob Calcutta.-Nimrod, ooriy. Fob Mauritius.-Ellen, early. Fob San Francisco.-Princess Boyal, 6th May. For Batavia -Mathilde, early. 'Fob Boston, U.S.-Golconda, 2nd May. IMPORTS.-Aron l8. Caroline, from Nowcastlo, N.S.W.-180tons coal,. Order. EXPORTS.-Aron l8. Hannah Nicltolton, for Guam.-1 box, containing 7,000 sovereigns. Wonga Wonga, fer Sydnoy.-01 cases oilmen's stores, I SO cases mustard. 28 oases arrowroot, 10 casos choce- 5 late, 140 bags elates, l8 cases oil, 17 packages drugs, 4 j packages ice, 108 casca boots and shoos, 1 caso sta- tionery, 8 cobos slopB, 1 coso drapery, 218 kegs nails, 11 coses hardware, 1 case Instruments, 5 packages sun.« dries. Marion, for Colombo.-(Additional) 2 boxes, con- taining 9,000 sovereigns. PORT PHILLIP HEADS. (Br Elkoteio Tbleohapr.) April 18.-S.30 a.m.: Wind N.AV.,light: weather fine. ARRIVED.-April l8. Waterlily, schooner, from Circular Head. SAILED.-Aran. 17. Hóbert, barque, for Newcastle. Ara» l8, üfercury, brig, for Launceston. Dove, schooner, for Circular Head. Pioneer, schooner, for Circular Head. Margaret ChessM, schoonor, for Port Frederick, Freebridge. schooner, for Port Frederick. Village Uclle, schoonor, for AVarrnnmbooIi Harmony, ¡schooner, for AVorrnanibool. Inkermann, ship, for Calcutta. Emma, schooner, for Apollo Bay. JBotworUi, ship, for London. Elizabeth, schoonor, for Belfast. l'Oot, schooner, for Sydnoy. Mary Stewart, schooner, for Circular Head. Highlander, schooner, for Launceston. Chrysolite, ship, for Callao. Malta, R-.M. steamship, for Suez. , ' General Wool, barquo, for Nelson. Jet, schooner, coastwise. Missie, brig, for Nowcastlo. Queen of India, ship, for Calcutta. Wonga Wonga, steamer, for Sydnoy. Augusta May, barque, for Nowcastlo. Henriette Helena, ship, for Hong Kong. PORT OF GEELONG. AKRIVBD, April 15.- Caledonia, from London ; Valiant, front Port Frederick. April 10.-Swallow, from Tasmania. PORT OF WARRNAMBOOL. SAILED. April l8.-Melbourne, for Belfast. PORT OF ADELAIDE. (By Electric Tblbobaki.) ariuvkd. April 10.-Admella, from Melbourne. April l8.-Henry Gillespie, from London. SAILED. > April l8.-ffdricral Jessup, for Melbourne. ' PORT OF SYDNEY (By Electric Telkbratn.) April l8.-Wind W.S.W., light ; weather cloudy. ARRIVED. -April l8.-H.M. ship. Cordelia, from a cruize. April l8.-Helene, Hamburgh schoonor, from Ba- tavia, BAILED. April 16.-London, for Molbourno ; Forest Monarch, for San Francisco. April n.-Loottc, Danish schooner, for Guam. PORT OF NELSON, N.Z. AHBIVBD. March 28.-Lord Worsley, from Sydney. BAILED. March IA.-Laid Ashley, for Wellington; Liri Wortley, for New Plymouth. PORT OF AUCKLAND, N.Z ARRIVED. March 17.-Excelsior, from London Marchs?.-.&»- Horsley, from Sydnoy. PORT OF LYTTELTON, N.Z. ARRIVED. March 28.-Raven, from Wido Bay, NSW. March 27.-Lord Ashley, from Wellington. March 29.-Mystery, from the Downs. SAILED March 27.-Bait, for Sydnoy. March 29.-Laid Ashley, for Otago; ilkina, for PORT OF WELLINGTON. ARRIVED. March 39.- Wliite Swan, from Auckland. March 31.-Chtetali, from Sydnoy. BAILED. March 81.-Montatik, for Sag Harbor, U.S. ; Harp, for Guam. TIME-BALL,-MELBOURNE AND WILLIAMS _ TOWN, lot. 37 dcg. 62 in. 42 s. Long. 9 h. 39 m. 41 s. S.E. Drops at 1 o'clock mean timo ; or 15 h. 20 ¡a. l8 ». 2, Greenwich time. Monday, April l8. No Time-ball at Williamstown. TIME-SIGNAL.-LIGHTHOUSE, GELLIBRANDS ,1 POINT. ,,"_," 'J ho .light is obstructed at 2 min. to 8, and reap at 8 p.m. mean timo. , Monday, April l8. No Timo Signal. The Vice-Admiralty Court.-The first sitting of this Court will be held by Sir William Stawell, in his chambers, this morning, when the memorial of the holders of the bottomry bond, given in Rio de Janeiro by the commander of the California, will come on for hearing; The California and her cargo lie in Hobson's Bay under attachment. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's R.M.S. Malta left the Bay at 5 a.m. yesterday morning, and cleared Port Phillip Heads about 9 a.m. On landing her passengers and mails at Suez, she will proceed direct to Bombay to undergo thorough overhaul, and will then resume her station. Williamstown Patent Slip. - Two vessels are at present undergoing repairs on this slip, namely, the steamship Lady Bird and the Dutch ship Staad Amsterdam. This important slip may now be said to be in first-rate working order, and, we understand, gives general satisfaction. Akaroa Shipping. - Thursday, March 18, 1859. Arrived: the French whaling ship Caulaincourt, of Havre, Laurense Labaste, commander, sailed from Tahuina on the 7th September ; since then has taken 500 barrels of whale ; has on board, all told, 85 barrels of sperm, 2,100 barrels whale oil, 23,000lb. of bone. Reports Eliza F. Mason, of New Bedford, and French ships Le Tour du Pin, Le General d'Hautpoul, and Gustave, cruising off the Snares and Molyneux. - Lyttelton Times, March 26. Loss of the Belgian Ship Constant. - The follow- ing particulars of the loss of this ship have been trans- mitted to us (New Zealander, March 30) for publica- tion. The deposition was taken yesterday before the Belgian Consul: - " Philippe Raphael Vanhouteghem, able seaman, late of the Belgian ship Constant, states, \- ' I sailed in the ship Constant (Pelgrims Harno graef, of Antwerp, owner), on the 17th day of Decem- ber, 1857, from Antwerp, for Melbourne. I shipped as an able seaman. Our cargo was a general cargo. Edward Uyttenhove was the master. We arrived at Melbourne on the 28th March, 1858. We sailed from Melbourne for Sydney on the 10th of April following. We arrived in Sydney on the 16th of the said month of April. We there discharged our cargo, and took in coal for ballast, and sailed for Manilla on the 14th June following. On the 12th July when in lat. 7 deg. 5 min. north, lon. 155 dog. 25 min. east, the weathor being fine, all sail set, the vessel ran on a reef not laid down in the chart. This was be tween 4 and 6 in the morning. I was at the wheel ; the first mate, Henri Joseph Douwes, was on deck, and the watch. There was very little light, day was only just breaking. The boats were immediately lowered over the side, water and provisions were put into them. The captain sent the first mate in one of the boats to search for an opening in the reef. No opening existed. Within an hour ot the vessel striking she broke up in three pieces. The reef upon which the vessel struck was below the surface of the water when she struck. It was then high water ; at low water the reef, was exposed. The reef was of great extent on each side of where the vessel struck. At daylight we ascertained this, and that the only land in sight was a small island about 10 or 12 miles off, the name of the island is Butler's Island. Immediately the vessel struck she began to break up, in consequence of the heavy breakers which struck her. The captain and officers seeing that it was impossible to save her or to remain on board, directed us to get into two of the boats - the third was set adrift, there being only 18 of us, and the two boats which we kept, viz. : - the long- boat and the middle boat (being capable of containing us all). The captain with 11 of the crew went in the long-boat - and the rest, with the first mate - in all, six, went in the middle boat - we had no time to save clothes or anything else. The captain's instructions to us were, to keep with the long-boat, and, that we should all make for Manilla. We went thus for 45 days without seeing any vessel. We touched at and landed on a small island called Bartholomew's Island two days after we left the ship - we did so for water. There were natives on it who were hostile, and to avoid them we only watered and left. Five days after that again we touched at another island of the same group for water, but found none. After being 45 days in the boats, the captain directed us in the middle boat to separate from the long-boat, as provisions and water had long become scarce - what remained we could have eaten in one day. Our allowance after leaving the wreck was one biscuit a day and half-a-pint of water per man for the first 15 days. After that it was reduced successively to three-quarters, and half a biscuit, and half-a-pint of water per man. We sometimes caught rain-water. Before separating the captain gave us a short state ment, written with a pencil, of the loss of the vessel, in case we should be picked up, or make a port. The mate left us, and went with the captain in the long- boat. We never saw the captain, mate, or one of the crew of the long-boat again. We, in the middle boat, then went to one of the Pellew Islands group, which we reached two days after our separation from the captain. There we remained 51 clays, until taken off by the American whaler, Elizabeth Jenny, of Fair- haven, United States, William Moss, master. We were landed at the Bay of Islands, New Zealand, on Saturday, February 26, the first port at which she touched after taking us up. We arrived in Auckland in the afternoon of the 28th March inst." Nelson as a Steam Harbor. - Although the Wel- lington Spectator, in a recent number, conclusively . demonstrated that Nelson was no harbor at all, but merely a coast nook - a tidal basin, only accessible at certain states of the tide, and by vessels of limited tonnage, still the Nelson Examiner has recently been endeavoring to exalt its portal horn, without any very remarkable regard for facts, or any respect for the immeasurably superior qualifications of the other and real harbors of New Zealand. The manner in which the puff is framed is truly frog-llke. The Prince Alfred, of 703 tons, is, for the nonce, puffed out to a steamer of 1,200 tons, which in one day discharged her entire cargo of 80 tons, 17 horses, and all her passengers, alongside the Albion Wharf. This feat we should have left to carry its own weight but for the inference sought to be drawn, and the undue importance endeavored to be attached to the following : - " We lately mentioned the fact that the Lord Ashley had been on the bank, and had her bottom thoroughly cleaned, to do which without going on a slip is a most important matter for steamers." The process is, no doubt, a very important matter for steamers ; but the question is, can the bottom of steamers be thoroughly cleaned by being laid on the bank at Nelson ? We have the assurance of practical men, who have made trial of the Nelson bank, that vessels laid there cannot be thoroughly cleaned - that it is quite impossible to get at their keels ; and we are reminded that the operation of banking at Nelson is not without its perils, inasmuch as one steamer tumbled over the bank and went down in deep water. If the laying of vessels on the hard is to be regarded as one of the grand qualifications for a " Steam Harbor," there Is no place which can surpass Mechanics' Bay, in Auckland Harbor. There a steam ship of almost any dimensions may be safely and securely beached, her bottom, keel included, tho- roughly scraped, cleaned, and painted, with the same facility, time excepted, as the operation could be per- formed on a slip or in a graving-dock. The William Denny frequently and successfully underwent this operation ; and the White Swan has just come off the Mechanics' Bay hard, in a state of cleansing, such as she never was able to accomplish on the Nelson bank. \- New Zealander, March 26. "The Mystery, immigrant ship, arrived at Lyttelton on Tuesday, having left Gravesend on the 13th December, and the Downs on the 28th. She brings nearly 300 settlers. We regret to state that several deaths have occurred during the voyage, and that scarlet fever made its appearance about a week before the Mystery came into harbor, on reaching which the ship hoisted the yellow flag, and has been placed under quarantine. Our information as to the inci dents of the passage is consequently limited. There has prevailed In Christchurch a very exaggerated report of the state of the vessel and the amount of sickness on board, which we are able, on what we con- sider to bo good authority, to correct. There is no reason to think that there is any serious amount of disease on board at present, though the precautionary measures in doubtful cases have been very properly taken. We say this, that the fears of those who may have any friends or relatives on board may not be unduly excited. The occurrence, however, suggests the importance of having some establishment to which the healthy portion of passengers should be re moved in case of a vessel coming into harbor with contagious disease on board. It is frightful to think that there is no escape, from keeping 300 persons cooped up in a vessel, after a voyage of four months, with diseased persons, or letting them enter a town at the risk of bringing disease with them. We are in- formed that Mr. Stodart has very considerately placed his establishment at the service of the Government - an act of liberality and kindness which cannot fail to be universally appreciated. - Canterbury Standard, March 31. The Victoria and Wellington Steam Subsidy. - We give an interesting article from the Sydney Herald, on the history of the £6,000 subsidy for steam postal com- munication between Wellington and Victoria - on the hostile feeling against both Sydney and Auckland which influenced Dr. Evans, the Postmaster- General of Victoria, and his colleagues, in guaranteeing that sum on their own responsibility - together with a summary of the most important parts of the debate, which resulted in the virtual annulling of the existing contract in its present unauthorised and informed state. Our readers can hardly fail to arrive at the same conclusion as the Herald, - " in fact, the contract was a blow aimed at Auckland." But they will pro- bably be inclined to go a little further, and instead of only saying " and especially at its large and lucrative trade with Sydney," to render this latter part of the sentence thus, - "but especially at the large and lucrative trade of Sydney with Auckland." This was the prize held forth to the Victorian Legislature by Dr. Evans and Mr. Chapman - and by the former in particular - in the hope thus to be able to gratify their desire to advance Wellington at the expense of Auckland. So intense, indeed, was Dr. Evans's anti-Auckland ami mus, that it was only surpassed by the display he made of his ignorance or unscrupulousness - we might say, of both. What can be thought of the man who has the effrontery to declare that "Auck- land was only a settlement formed almost entirely of the families of merchants who had gone there from Sydney," and that they were not, in his belief, "twenty families in the whole Province who had emigrated from England at their own expense." Neither Auckland nor Sydney need repudiate their commercial obligations to each other, but to speak of Auckland as a mere settlement and commercial dependency of Sydney is contrary to fact, and Dr. Evans must have known so when he made so unfounded an assertion. The other insinua- tion is too contemptible for refutation. The Victorian Legislature has very properly vetoed the partial and short-sighted action of the Ministry, and a new con- tract will doubtless be made with the General Govern- ment of New Zealand, on a sounder and more states manlike basis. If Melbourne wants to get some por- tion of the New Zealand or Auckland trade from Sydney, let her do so by honorable rivalry - not under the cloak of a steam postal service, but by opening commcicial relations with Auckland, and making it worth the while of our traders to transfer some por tion of their custom to Victoria. If, on the other hand, Sydney wishes to retain the lead in the Auck- land markets, let her merchants and the New South Wales Legislature do all in their power to secure egular and frequent steam communication between Sydney and Auckland. We cannot suffer by this species of rivalry between the leading "States" or Australia, and therefore we care not how soon it be commenced. - New Zealander; March 30. Derelict Vessel. - On Monday morning the Marianne, of Falmouth, a largo barque, 700 tons burden, and heavily laden with timber, was towed into Queenstown by the Resolute and Retriever, two of the tugs of the Liverpool New Steam-tug Company, She had been found by the Resolute in longitude 16 degrees W., and latitude 48 degrees 30 minutes N., completely abandoned and water- logged. So entirely had the water gained the mastery, that her deck was burst up, and her rudder being gone, she was quite helpless. The Resolute, taking her in tow, brought her to this harbor, near the entrance to which she fortunately obtained the assistance of her consort, the Retriever, which was lashed behind, and acted as a rudder upon the crippled ship. With out this assistance it would have been difficult to bring her into port, and impossible to have carried her through the maze of vessels which lie in the harbor. The barque was sunk to nearly the water's edge, and rolled most fearfully ; but between the two boats, the most powerful tugs in Europe, she was brought to a secure anchorage op- posite Haulbowline. This great feat speaks wonders for the enterprise of the Tug Company, which sent one of its vessels upon speculation to the rescue of property a distance of between 600 and 700 miles across the Atlantic. The ship with which the Resolute thus fell in, with her cargo, is valued at between £4,000 and £5,000. The power of the tug is abun- danty proved by her towing a vessel in the condition of the Marianne the enormous distance she had to be brought in order to reach this harbor. - Cork Exa miner, January 18. TORRES STRAITS, 'llii following letter on tho difflcultUu attonding the i'ttvlgatión of this passago appears in tho columns of t lie Sydney Morning Herald : '.' Sir,-I shall fool obliged If you will allow mo space in the columns of your valuable journal to make nubile die following remarks : "The season having arrived for ships hound to India making the passago through Torrea Straits, u few observations on tho route from Sydney by ona who has inado the passago upwards of a dozen tliuoä may prove acceptable to those commanders who have not been through before. " A ship leaving Sydnoy early in tho season, from the beginning of April to the middle of May, should at once get au oiling ; later in the season it is . better to keep tho land on board, and with strong [westerly winds ns far as Solitary Islo or Mount Warning ; but should the wind veer to tho south- ward, with arising glass, shape a coorie at ona: to pass 40 or 50 miles to tho eastward of Cato's Bank, steering on a northerly course, pass at least adogrcj to the eastward of Kcnn's Reef, after passing which a northwesterly course may be pursued, taking care to give Hie Alert and Llhour shoals a good berth of 60 or 10 miles. After passing these dangers there is nothing on the track to tho Great Barrier; the Osprey Raaf and some others to the southward aro quilo out of the way, and a ship has no occasion to go near them. *' In approaching tho Great Barrier great care ii necessary, if no observations for latitude havo hoon taken, and an allowance must bo made for the north- westerly net, so as not to get to tho northward of the beacon. The plan I always adopted was not to run down on the Barrier, and work to windward all night, but should tho ship bo upwards of 200 miles oil' at noon, and not be ablo to enter tho next day, I would reduce sall at once, and steer slowly on a course, from two to five knots, according to dU tancc, ho as to reach within 30 miles of the Grjat Detached Reef by tho second morning at day- light. Should no observations for latitude have been taken, or whotlier or not, when breakers are »Igkted from the masthead, ahead of tho ship, or a little on the port bow, as you draw towards tho reel's, should you see them on the starboard b >w a» far ns can bo sacii from the masthead, you may bo su e j oiiare to the northward, and should haul up in mediately on the port tack i and if tho wind is far ei.cii&h; lo the eastward to lay along the reef, you will »< on tee clear water and sight tho beacon from tin masthead ; bufcihould it be the.Great Dotoched-Rjaf that you sight, clear Water will bo seen outUesUr board bow, and by edging to the AV.N.AV. you will shortly soo tho beacon. I have always found this a good'guido for Raino's Island ; for if you got too far down towards tho reef bofore you find out your mis- take, you will havo great difficulty in working ti wlnilword. Should you bo to tho southward, which will rarely hoppon when steering for the Groat Dj. tached Beef, you will bo sure to seo Yule's Roof, an! could thon take Stead's Passage " After making the beacon and steering down with it, a little on the starboard bow, the edge of tho Groi, Detached Roof will bo distinctly seen, also tho roof o:f Raino's Island ; whon tho beacon boars north, haul up S.AV. by AV., after a fow miles a very small sand- bank will bo visible from tho masthead, on tho star- board bow, and ¡f you soo It plain from the dook of a small vessel you aro falling to looward, and sliouli haul up moro to tho southward. This is ono place I think should have a mast with a sort of basket-to,j placed on It as a beacon ; it would be a good guldo for ships ontoring late In tho afternoon ; for after passin r this you oro near tho edgo of soundings, and with night coming on, after getting on sound- ings, you should haul weil to the south- ward and bring up at dark, taking caro to glvi at least 00 or 70 fathoms of cable, as thi holding-ground hore Is vory hard' (hard coral). From thia ancnorago koop well to windward of tho coursa until you sight either Ashmoro's Banks or the Mid ii 3 Hanks. Ashmoro'fl Banks show much hlghor out of tho water and whiter than tho Middlo Banks, whio'.i latter aro at high water nearly covorcd; this also would bo an oxcollcnt place for a mast-beacon. Ii Bufuclont daylight to reach Ashmoro's Banks, or undîi-. tho leo of Cockburn's Roof, a hotter anchorage iniy bo obtained ; or if it should bo blowing a gale, with squally weathor, good anchorage in smooth water may bo obtained under the loo of Sir Charles Hardy's Isles. In going in, keep close to tho weather island, and anchor well to windward In a small sandy bay ; by so doing you will bo in a bettor position for weighing in the morning. In anchoring hero ono voyago, the chain fouled on tho windlass, and before the otho.' anchor was let go wo wore mid-channel. Noxt morning tho tide would not lot tho ship cant any othor way than tho head to tho northward, tho topsails wera slngle-recfod and yards hoisted to tho masthead be- fore commencing hearing, the ship broko grouul with tho 16 fathom shackle in tho liowso, mid boforj wo got the anchor off tho ground nnd sail modo wo woro closo down on tho leoward island, and only cleared it by scarcely a stone's throw. In comlng'out from hore you will havo to keep N.E. by N. for a fow miles, and might havo to tack should the wind bo to tho eastward, hut you can soo tho 'Middlo' anl Ashmoro's Banks quite plain In coming out. If sufficient daylight to roach Cockburn's Beof (.v still bettor anchorage than under Ashmoro's Bank), haul round tho end of the reef until tho breakers 01 tho end bear about E.N.E. : Cockburn'» r«l» win 1.« tho end bear about E.N.E. ; Cockbum's Isle will bo seen bearing Vf. by S. This anchorage is quita Bmooth, especially at low water, although you require, a good scope of cable, as tho ground appears to bo liar J coral. In weighing from horo you wfll soon soo tho edgo of tho roof that stretches to the N. W., and you may run down towards it until you can soo tho odga plain from tho deck ; then edge away along tho reef,' mid, as you draw towards the end, you will soo two sandbanks ,' tho nearest one is small, and probably may bo covered at high water, although I havo novor soon it quite covorod, but you will bo suro to see it from tho foro-yard beforo you got too close, and very likely before they boo it from the mast-head. If bound ta Bird Island, haul close round tho small sand- bank, leaving tho large bank on tho star- board hand ; this bank is high out of tho water, with an extensive reef running OUT tin weather side of it, which is also distinctly seen from the dock. This track I prefer to going close rouud the end of Cockburn's Rcof, and having to haul to tho southward. If bound on to 'Cairncross,' lcavo tho largo bank also on the port band, and, stooring for tho Hannibal Island, Reofs V and W will bo soon with a small sandbank on Roof V, also the Boydong Keys. After passing V and W Reefs, tho greatest danger of Torres Straits is past, and all Ball may bo carried down to Capo York, or anchor at Cairncross, and tho noxt day, with a fresh breeze, you will got out in good tims. If intending to pass through the Prince Walos Chan- nel, which is as good as buoyed and beaconed by tua Hammond Rock and the Ipili and north-west roofs, with no danger excepting a strong tide, should tho wind bo light and contrary. After passing tho Albany Isles steer to pass Point Ince half a mile off ; tho north-west reef can bo seen from tho mast - head a long while beforo you reach tho point ; at any rate, should it bo hazy or squally, by passing Point Inco closo tho iiorth-wo.it reef will bo avoided, and Hammond's Rock will bo t-ocn ; steer to pass closo to, and before reaching it the Ipili Roof can bo distinctly seen, the rocks on it stick- ing up abovo water. Borrow towards this roof to cloar tho sunk reef; after passing this danger, the last in the Straits, Booby Island will bo socn. Should you intend t ) anchor, leave the island on your port liand, as tho reef extonds to somo distance off tho othor sido. The landing is vory bad at low wotor, hut you can pull close to tho entrance to tho cavo at high water. I was once detained from noon till 9 p.m. to land a few casks of water sent by tho Government. If tho wind should bo light, aud a ship not able to roach Capo York or Mount Adolphus bof oro dark, anchor closo under tho ' lee of a small sand bank at the end of roof X, which is ' far preferablo to Turtlo Island ; but should the night be Ano and moonlight, having reached thus far, a ship could run on and round tho Albany Isle, and anchor I round Capo York. If rounding this capo in daylight, | anchor abreast of two rocky islets, a short distança j past the capo, In seven or oight fathoms water-Capo : York bearing E. half N., Peaked HUÍ S.S.W.-this Is a vory good anchorage, and you will bo in a position to choose cither Princo Wales Passago or Endeavour Straits, li Intending to go by Endeavour Straits, which is quite safo, and after passing the Possession Isle you aro soon out of the Btrong tide. I havo always passed closo te a high rugged island (Entrance Island) west of Great Woody Islo, as far preferable, and leads you clear of M'Xenzlo and Gibson Rook. My lost voyage I towed through with the boat ahead, and shortly after a breeze carno from tho S.AV., and squally, and we worked down within three or four milos of Red Wnllis Isle, and brought up whou the tido tumod. Should tho weather bo fino and clear as you draw abreast of Red Wallis Island, a good mirk for mid-channel is Capo Cornwall on with Peaked Hill on the main at the entrance of tho Straits. For Stead'd ' Passago no bettor directions can bo given tlian tho33 ol' Captain Towns, which ho wrote upwards of 20 yoars - ago, and which havo, I believe, boon printed in Hors burgh's Directory. Tho other passages to the south- ward are, no doubt, vory ar*>ou, uut I cannot soo th3 iidmuiuge or gotug by thom, oxocpt a good channel were surveyed lu-shoro towards tho Bird Islands, without having to go via Hardy Isles and Cockburn's Beor. Tho Black Rock, Captain Blackwood says. Is tho best passago, but gives no directions for proceeding ' oftor entering. " In conclusion, I again repeat that in running for the Barrier 25 to 30 miles is quite closo enough to como to it until daylight ; for ¡f a ship got to Ash- moro's Bank or Cockburn's Roof the first night, or even only just on soundings, she will reach Cairncroäi thu next day, and out clear the following, and sho ' would not do any botter by getting in earlier ; sha might reach Bird Uland the first night, but sha would havo to anchor under Capo York tho next, excepting she wore a vory fast ship with wind and tide in her favor, she then might got through, but it rarely happens that a ship gets through with onco anchoring; and it Is cortalnly not worth tho risk of running doini closo on tho Barri or for tho sako of 12 hours. I havo often gone through In 48 hours-viz., 20 at anchor and 22 under way. I am satblicd that nearly all tho wrecks havo taken place through the anxiety of tho masters.to got in early, and running down too close on the Barrier, and thoso Insido I attribute to going off tho tracks laid down and miming in squally and thick weather. Great improvement might bo mado hy placing a few mast beacons (with basket-tops to distinguish thom !>}.) and buoys at various places, and tho passago by Raino's Island rendered much oaslor for a strangor going through tho first timo. " Trusting tho abovo may prove serviceable to some of tlio many who read your journal, " I have tho pleasure to subscribe myself, " Yours truly, " CHARLES HARROLD. "Balmain, April 11." 