ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Messrs. Beauchamp Bkotiiehs.-At their rooms. Quoen-strcot-Glassware Mchis. W. Easey and Coat their rooms, Collins street English malt, Ceylon coffee, blacking, currants, figs, Mauritius sugars, Danish oats, raisins, almonds, candles, hams, plantation coffee, Scotch oats, oatmeal, red herrings, pale sherry, Byass's ale, Valentia raisins, congou tea, &c.; Kcfgrs J. Lyons and Co.-At their rooms, Bourke street Boots. Kr. J.'Wade.-At his rooms, Collins-street Fancy . drapery-, muslin goods, slops, wool and cashmere shawls, felt hats, damasks, trouserings, gloves, Aberdeen half-hose and lambswool pants. Mr. R. C. Luscombe On the ground River frontages at Greenwich. Messrs. Jacob and Alexander On the premises, Lonsdale-street west Stationery, fancy goods, pictures, and miscellaneous goods. Messrs. Fraser and Cohen At their rooms, Collins street Damaged oats ; also grain, oats, Mauritius sugars, Byass's ale and porter, champagne, Hennessy s brandy', sherry, confectionary, prunes, Eleme raisins, bloaters, jams, furniture, &c.; At Degraves's Free Stores, Flinders- street Alo. Messrs. Symons and Penry At their rooms, Collins-. street Wines, spirits, bottled ale and porter, &c.; Mr. N. Kinsman.-At promises, Young-street, Gor trudo-street-Housolold furniture. Messrs. W. M. Tennent and Co.-At their rooms Collins-street Crown Lands ; building allot to cut, Valiant-street, East Collingwood ; agricultural land at Carlsruhe ; land at Wyndham, also freehold properties at Berwick, Worragco, Elsternwick. Sandridge, Morton, Broadmeadows, Blackwood, Dandenong, &c.; Messrs. S. Graham and Coat their rooms, Collins Street Immigrants' boxes. Messrs. H. McCaw and Another At the Royal Horse Bazaar Horses, Messrs W. J. Lotuewnoton and Co.At their yards Bourke-stroet-Working-bullocks, dray, gear, to." Messrs. E. Row and Coast thoiryards, Bourke street Horses. Wr. Thomas Gibbs At mains Furniture and coal Mr. J. FiiANKEL.-At rooms, Elizabeth-street Clothing and tools. <\-- ' -tram Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. To China and Glass Warehousemen, Country Storekeepers, and Others. 12 Puncheons Glasses are. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL, by J AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Tuesday, May 31, at eleven o'clock, Just landed, J2nunclicons glassware, comprising TumblcrB, various patterns Tlecantcrs, half-pint, pint, and sets Alo glasses, &c.; Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. To Furniture Dealers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. 160 Cases Chairs, Washstands, Tables, No. "BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by W AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on, wednesday, June!, at eleven o'clock, To close various shipments, 40 cases Baltimore wood chairs 30 do Wallington do do CO do extra Baltimore do do 7 do children's high and low do 6 do cane seat rockers , 8 do wood do do s. 6 do cherry folding-leaf tables I do woBhstands. Terms at Sale " : PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Quartz Crushers, Miners, Machinists, and Othe W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, of which due notice will be given, Mackw North's patent for gold-washing and amalgamating mm lines. All the interest in the above fully secured by letters j 111 for the colony of Victoria, together with one < I the machines, which can now be inspected at the rooms of the auctioneers. Terms at Sale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. By Order of the Mortgagee. 640 Acres of Land, being Section No. - In the Parish of KalKallo, County of Bourke, close to Donnybrook and the Property of Messrs. Rowe and Whitby. To Settlers, Capitalists, A Agriculturists, Graziers, Dairymen, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. are instructed to. SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, of which due notice will appear, 640 acres of fine land, in the parish of KalKallo, county of Bourke. This fine section of land is close to Donnybrook, and the properties of Messrs. Rowe and Whitby, is well situated, and admirably adapted for the purposes of farming or graziers' purposes. Unexceptionable title. Full particulars may be had on application to the Auctioneers ; or at the solicitors, Messrs. Selwyn, Klingender and Charsley, Chancery-lane. Terms liberal, declared at sale. " PRELIMINARY NOTICE. By Order of the Mortgagee in the Insolvent Estate of - Wilkinson, of Brighton Brighton. Brighton. For Absolute and Positive Sale. Most Eligible Farm of 188 Acres of Fine Agricultural Land. B Subdivided into Small Farms to Suit all Classes. Sky. And being paKSf Portion No. 87, in the Parish of] gaps! ever 'j Moorabbin. this Farm is situate near the Plough and Harrow Hotel, Little Brighton, and adjoins the properties of six, of Messrs. Padwick, Lush, Nicolls, and Jenkins. ' Distance from Melbourne, Dr miles. 5 of Mnrkelgardencrs, Small Farmers, Nurserymen Dairymen, Private Families, Builders, and Others. "JET EASEYünud Co. Have received instruct fV a tons from the mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, of which due notice will be given, The following valuable properties: All that piece or parcel of land, situate in the parish of Moorabbin, county of Bourke, in the colony of Victoria, being part of portion of 87 of (said parish, and containing about 198 Acres fine Agricultural Land. The property is fenced, about 40 acres are under cultivation, and the buildings consist of a six-roomed, cottage, stable, dairy, ise. and some of the land Tile finest in the colony. The farm is beautifully situated, and commands x tenbijotiews of " The Bay and Surrounding Country. The whole property will be subdivided into Small Compact Farms, suitable to small farmers, nurserymen, dairymen and other v. The land is now being surveyed, and the farms marked out on the land. Lithographs of the subdivision are being executed, and will be ready for distri- bi tion in a few days. Full pay ticulars may be had on application to Auctioneers; or of the Solicitors, Messrs. Selwyn, Klingender and Charsley, Chancery-lane. TcrmspLibcral, declared at Sale. THIS DAY. 5 Casks Assorted Blacking. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 117" EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, W E at their rooms, 38 Collins- street, on Tuesday, Play 81, at eleven o'clock, fi casks assorted blacking. Terms at Sale. 9 ~ THIS DAY. 2,000 Bushels prime English Malt. To Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 31, at eleven o'clock, 2,000 bushels pi into English malt. , Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 10 Tons Native Ceylon Coffee. To Coffee Roasters, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 10 tons native Ceylon coffee. Guaranteed sound, and in good order. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. 60 Cases Currants. 2 Do. Figs. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY. and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 31, at eleven o'clock, 60 cases fine currants JUST landed, and In fine order. Terms Liberal. " ~ THIS DAY. 40 Cases Fine Pale Sherry. To Wine Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. FITZ EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, W . at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 40 cases uno pale sherry. Terms at Sale. _ THIS DAY. 100 Cases Byass's Ale. Just Landed. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street west, on îlucEUa'y, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 100 cases Byass sale Just landed, and a fine parcel. Terms Liberal. s THIS DAY. " At Degraves's Stores, Flinders-lane. 000 Bags Danish Oats. Without Reserve. To Contractors, Storekeepers, and Others. INST EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, VV at Messrs. Degraves's stores, Flinders-lane, Thursday, May 31, at half-past ten o'clock sharp, T SA Said to be sold without reserve. TcrfflB at Sale. THIS DAY. Raisins, Almonds, Candles, HamB, ate. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Tuesday. May 21 at eleven o'clock, 200 boxes muscatel raisins 170 half-boxes do 200 quarter boxes do 55 cases Jordan almonds 30 I oxes carrino cm dite. Tt in h Lil cial. XJST EASEY and by by at their re Wednesday, June 1, t A --'< of THIS DAY. 'yahoo Bags Fine Mauritius Sugars. -c Without Reserve. To Close Accounts. ' To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers", and Others. W EACH and Co- wiUSELLby AUCTION, AT at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, * 400 bags Mauritius sugars, compriBlne Crystals 6 Fine counters, &c.; No reserve. To close accounts. -Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. at. -"ir"l°íBa7üls Superior Plantation Coffee. so Coffee Roasters, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TXT EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION ft 'j . the r 1?°,ms' 88 Collins-street west, Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, ? ' Ex Marion, 200 barrels superior plantation coffee. Samples on view at the rooms of the auctioneers A really fine parcel. Terms Liberal. ~ THIS DAY. "-' i j 400 Bags Scotch Oats. T 70 Bags Oatmeal. To Comforters, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION nails 2 their rooms' 86 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 31. at eleven o'clock, 400 bags Scotch oats 70 bags oatmeal. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 60 Half Barrels Red Herrings. 50 Do Do White Do. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. T\f EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION of Y at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 50 half-barrels red herrings 60 do do white do. Landed in fine order. Terms at Sale. \- - THIS DAY; ~"~ Ex Chamois. 71 Chests Fine Congou Tea. \- Ex Blencathra. 140 Chests Fine Congou Tea, To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TIT" EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, TV at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, Ex Chamois, No. 7-2 clicstB fine congou tea 9-60 do do. Ex BlencaliiTa, No. 450 chests line congou tea 6-00 do do. The attention of purchasers is solicited to the above sale of fine- teas, the numbers and brands of which. were so well and favorably known to the trade. I Terms Liberal. ,' THIS DAY. 200 Boxes Volontia Raisins. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 31, at eleven o'clock, 200 boxes Valentia raisins. All guaranteed. Ternan at Sale. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. At Eleven o'clock. Fruit Trees, Shrubs, c From the well-known Grounds of the late Mr. Hall on the Plenty. and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, ?'- rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on 1, at eleven o'clock, A large assortment of fruit and other trees, shrubs, plants, vines, &e.; Full particulars in future advertisement. THURSDAY, JUNE 2. CO Cases Bendigo Jib. Lumps Tobacco. 25 Do Forget-Me-Not Jib. Do Do. 36 Do Ballaarat Jib. Do Do. 68 Bo International Jib Do Do. Do Do Cavendish Golden Leaf. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, Speculators, and \- - Others. W EASEY and Co. have received instructions from Messrs. Flower, M'Donald, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins street west, on Thursday, June 2, at eleven o'clock, Ex Golden Horn, 60 cases Bendigo Jib. lumps tobacco 25 do Forget-Me-Not Jib. do do. Ex Shakspeare, 85 cases Ballaarat Jib. lumps tobacco. _ Ex Ocean Steed, 68 cases International Jib. lumps tobacco. Ex Wallace, 16 cases Covondlsh golden lent. All the brands are guaranteed in perfect condition, and will be sold in lots to suit purchasers. Terms Liberal. THURSDAY, JUNE 2. At Eleven o'clock. Just Landed. 800 Cases Oilmen's Stores James Salmon Sauces Oysters Pickles Lobsters Salad Oil Herrings Capers Gomo Sardines Sago Arrowroot , Castor Oil, &c.; To Groceri"8torokeepers, Dealers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, June 2, at eleven o'clock, 800 cases oilmen's stores, comprising Jams ' ' Pickles Jellies Salad oil Sauces Capels Castor oil Salmon Peas- Lobsters Herrings Oysters Sardines Sago Arrowroot Currants Mixed spices Game, &c.; The above, goods are being now landed, are in first-rate order, and well deserving the attention of the trade. I _' Terms at Saloons J FRIDAY, JUNE 8. ' CO Trunks Seasonable Boots and Shoes. 20 Cases Hungarian Boots. To Boot and Shoe Warehousemen and Others. "VST EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY s, at their rooms, 33 Collins- Street west, on Friday, June 8, at eleven o'clock, 60 trunks seasonable boots and shoes 20 cases Hungarian boots. Full particulars in future advertisement. Terms Liberal.' " FRIDAY, JUNE 3. 20 Bales Dray and Rick Covers. To Ironmongers, Tentniakors, and Others. WP EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Yy at Their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Friday, June 8, at eleven o'clock, 20 Wes dray and rick covers. Terms Liberal. MONDAY, JUNE 0. i At Twelve o'clock. By Order of the Mortgagee. Lennox-street, Richmond. Desirable Brick-built Family Residence, with Grounds and Outoffices. Lately in the occupation of the Rev. Baxter, Corner of Lennox and Goodwood streets. Leading to the residence of James Henty, Esq. To Gentlemen, Private Families, and Others in search of a Comfortable Residence. i "XXT EASEY and Co. have received instructions YV from the mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, June 6, at twelve o'clock, ' All that beautifully-situated allotment, in the parish of Jika Jika, county of Bourke, and being part of Portion No. 25, and having a frontage of 122 foot to Lennox-street by a depth of 130 feet, with a right-of- way in rear of 18 feet wide. Upon the land is erected That capital and substantial brick-built villa resi- dence late in the occupation of the Rev. - Baxter, comprising the following roomS entrance-hall, 8 feet wide, with marble floor ; draw- ing and dining rooms, each 14 x 18 ; library, 12 x 16; consulting-room or study, 12 x 10; butler's pantry, 12 x 10 a large bedroom, with bay window, 202. Second bedroom, 12 x 10 ; bathroom and two bedrooms in upper floor. Detached ' kitchen and servants'-room, four-stall stable, harness-room, coachhouse, fowlhouse, dust bin, see. ' ,, This villa residence stands on a fine elevation, and is approached by a carriage drive, with handsome iron gates and llallBodos. The house is erected and finished in the most substantial manner, with every convenience. Water "laid on throughout the house, bells hung, marble chimney-pieces in most of the rooms. The decorations and design of the house are of a superior description, and the whole premises are enclosed with a close fence. *- ...,', To private families, gentlemen, and others in search of a pretty and compact residence, in the best situation in Richmond, the auctioneers can confidently recommend this property, and urge purchasers, prior to the sale, to inspect this capital and well-finished house. at, Title unexceptionable. Terms-One-fourth cash; residue by bills at three, six, nine, and 12 months' date, bearing bank interest. MONDAY, JUNE 6. At Twelve o'clock. Capital Brick-built Four-room Cottage, Kitchen, two bedrooms. do" with detached Stable, Coachhouse, etc., situate in Carlisle-street, St Kilda. ? ,_ CnnOBitotho Residences of G. S. W. Horne, M.L.A., and J. H. Patterson, M.L.C. To Private Families, Gentlemen, Capitalists, and _ Others seeking a Comfortable Residence in this favorite locality. W EASEY and Co. have received instruc- _ tions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, JÄaeaÄrick°bCuut residence, comprising an. francs, four rooms, kitchen, two bedrooms, dance-hall, Detached Btftbl(J ,_,_ coach-house, situate in Coriislo4lr(!_ti St. Kilda, _ and having a frontage of 40 feet, by a depth of vegetable tenant, at 11 * . £180 per annum. I/wr information can be obtained on application to t i insincere. ,, of Title unexceptionable Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale. I - MONDAY, JUNE 0. I _ "?". 1 At Twelve o'clock. I Desirable Family Residence, with Pleasure Grounds. Paddocks, c, At present in the Occupation of \- P. - Five Murray Ross, Esq., Situate '- . ,ConimoroIaI-road, Prahran, And in the Vicinity of the following . - _«~-Oontlenion's Residences; James Blackwood, C. Bright, T. H. Lempriere, J. TäS"1' 41'1ittî,rson' K- power, A. Ross, and Dennistoun Wood, Esqrs. To Capitalists, Gentlemen, Private Families, and Others seeking a Desirable Residence. WM. EASEY and Co. have received instruc- / lions from Murray Ross, Esq. (in consequence of his removing to Brighton), to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, June 6. at twolvcro'elock, . " The following capital freehold residence, standing on 3 acres of land, and having a frontage of 306 feet the Commercial-road by a depth of 830 < rm 4 feet The house is built in the most substantial manner, Elia of the best materials, being of brick and cement, with slate- roof, is two stories high, and contains 12 rooms, entrance-hall, as under : , ' ' Ground Floor: Entrance hall 20 x 10, side do 12 x 12, diningroom 20 x 18, breakfastroom 12 x 12, front and back bed room each 12 x 12, front and back kitchen, each 12 x 12, bnck-staiicaso. \- Upper Floor: Drawingroom 20 x 20, study, four bedrooms each 12 x 12, back bedroom 12 x O. Out Buildings: Coach-house 14 x IE, two stall stable, cachO 16-foot fowl-house. &c.; Excellent well 60 feet deep and cemented. The entire- property is enclosed with a 10-foot close fence, and the grounds are beautifully laid out and planted with the choicest plants and shrubs, and great part of the land is trenched. The house is approached by a handsome carriage dm or on either side of which is a shrubbery filled with the most valuable plants. The kitchen garden and grounds are in good order, and the paddocks are now under crop for green stuff. The auctioneers, in calling attention of parties to this desirable residence, would observe the situation is remarkably good, and in one of the best neighbor- hoods about Melbourne, is but a short distance from town, and close to the Two Railway Stations in Chapel-street, one of ;" which, the Brighton "Railway', will be opened in September next. The proximity of those Stations must considerably enhance the name of this property. Omnibuses also pass the house constantly to and from Melbourne. The fact alone of this property having so great a frontage (305 feet) to the Commercial-road, at once proves its great value. Parties are solicited to inspect the house and ground, and on application to the auctioneers can obtain cards to view the same. Terms :-r£2,000 can remain on mortgage for three and a half J cars, residue of purchase money one half cash, balance at six months, bearing bank interest. - } Title unexceptionable. For particulars of which apply to Messrs. Selwyn, Klingender, and Clmrsley, Chancery-lane. MONDAY, JUNE a At Twelve o'clock. Valuable Freehold Property, situate corner of Wellington and Northumberland streets. Collingwood, opposite Hancock's Family Hotel. Brick-built Shop, Store, and Dwelling-house, Occupied by Mr. Berry, Grocer. - Three Brick-built Dwelling houses in Wellington street. Two Wooden Houses in Northumberland-street, with oxCcnsh o Yard, Stabling, &c.; To Capitalists, Tradesmen, Li\ cry-stable Keepers, and Others in search of Desirable Premises, or First class Investments. EASEY and Co. have received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at" their rooms, 38 Collins-street, on Monday, June 6, at twelve o'clock, The following valuable properties, viz. : All that piece or parcel of land, having a frontage of 40 feet to Wellington by a depth of 100 feet to Northumberland street, then running eastward 181 feet, then at right angles westerly 40 feet, then at right angles northerly 153 feet. On the property are erected the following desirable buildings : That capital spacious shop, store and dwellinghouse, occupied by Mr. Berry, grocer. Three brick-built dwelling-house n Wellington street. Two wooden cottages, with extensive yard, stabling, etc. In oil producing a rental of £300 per annum. This desirable property will be found deserving the attention of all parties. The buildings are erected in the most substantial manner, and the situation for business is first-rate. The property stands on a large lot of land, and is opposite Hancock's Family Hotel, Wellington-street. Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale. TUESDAY, JUNE 7. . 230 Tons Best Flaugo Bails. To Railway Contractor and Others. TTf J EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION JJ 5 at their rooms, 83 Collins- street west, on Tuesday, June 7, at two cf o o'clock, 280 tons best flange rails 40lb to the years assorted 2 lengths, 21 to 16-foot equal to about 15 miles of road 16 tons spikes, JJ to 6 inches. The above rails are suitable for contractors, and the construction of France days. Terms and full particulars in future advertisements AUCTIONEER'S' NOTICE. J LYONS and Co. have much pleasure in call a ing the attention of the boot and shoe t ado of Melbourne to their extensive SALE of BOOTS and SHOES at Muir nun t THIS DAY, at eleven o'clock The goods having to be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern, will be placed in such lots as will suit purchasers. Terms Cash and No Reserve. THIS DAY. To Boot and Shoe Makers and the General Trade Positive Sale of 60 Trunks of Boots, &o.; Landed ex Kent. To be Sold at the Risk of the Packer. J LYONS and Co. are instructed by the # importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, May 31, station o'clock, 00 trunks sup. boots, more or less damaged, or sale on account of and risk of the packer, just landed, per Kent, from London, and consisting of Ladies' and gentlemen's spring-side boots Men's bluchers Military bluchers Spring E, S, assorted boots Women's leather boots Ladies' cloth do Children's boots of all qualities and sizes Ladies' military heel boots, Ac. Terms 26 per cent. cash deposit on the fall of the hammer, and the residue on delivery of the goods, which must take place within 24 hours of the sale. Observe-No reserve, and lots to suit purchasers. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT of SALE Of 220 Bales and Cases of Superior Winter Clothing, til Just Landed. To Drapers, Clothiers, Country Buyers, and the General Trade. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 2 at their mart, Bourke-street, on an early day, notice of which will be duly given, By order of the importers, SOO cases and bales of general merchandise, now landing, and consisting of American pea jackets, doe suits, velvet jackets, ' cord Unod trousers, men's fancy doe trousers, pilot jackets, &c.; Further particulars in a future advertisement. THIS DAY. Fancy Drapery. Muslin Goods. ' Slops, etc. To the Drapery Trade, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, ' Buyers for Diggings, and Others. T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been in II . Btnictcdby the importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, May 31, commencing at eleven o'clock, The following new goods, selected expressly for this market, consisting of Sets of muslin collars and sleeves French kid gloves Infants' wool boots and gaiters Ladies' head-dresses and ncek-ribbons Gentlemen's black Beaufort ties Ladies' Tchernaya dresses Wincoj's and gala plaids Ladies' black cloth mantles Ladies'wool polkas Mons' Crimean shirts Men's regatta, and longcloth shirts Colored counterpanes Men's Bedford cord trousers M en's millers' and drab mole do Boys' and youths' doe suits Men's Scotch twill shirts Do Aberdeen and military half-hose An assortment of haberdashery and other goods. To be Sold without reserve. Terms at Sale. _ THIS DAY. Pritchard's Felt Hats. To Matters, Outfitters, Drapers, and Others. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 0 cases Pritchard's superior made felt hats, in drab, black, brown, and grey. No reserve. Terms at Sale, THIS DAY. Damasks. Damasks. To Upholsterers, Warehousemen, Drapers, and Others. T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been in J . structed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street cast on Tuesday, May 31, atdÍ0p"e?es1Ovckó- superior 8-4 curtain damask, gold on green, claret, brown, Napoleon amber. To be sold without reserve. Terms at Sale. _ THIS DAY. Trouserings. Gloves. Aberdeen-Knit Half-hose and Lambswool Pants. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELL by " PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins ? meet east, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, The following superior goods ; 3 8 ends 3-4 fancy trouserings 60 dozen French colored kid gloves ; 10 do men's Aberdeenshire half-hose F C do do Scotch lambswool pants. 1 le race are well worth the attention of the trade. Terms at Sale. J THIS DAY. Wool and Cashmere Shawls. WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been, " instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their more, 80 Collins street east, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, - - - - - 8 cases containing Paisley long, and square wool shawls, cashmore dç.'Sliephorda' plaids, are. j To be sold without reserve. Terms at Sale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Highly Important to Agents Connected with New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land, Speculators, I and Others. Messrs. Mansfield and Hewitt's Tree and Stump Extractor. "1\/TB. STUBBS is directed by Messrs. Mais IVI Hold and Howitt to SUBMIT to PUBLIC AUD- TION, In or about the first week in July, 1859, at Bear's Auction and Exchange Rooms, COQuecn-stroct. Melbourne, All the right, patent, and property in and to their surprising, unprecedented, and unequalled Tree and Stump Extractor, For the important colonies of New South Wales r and Van Dieman's Land. Further particulars of which will appear in a future *- advertisement. ft THURSDAY, JUNE 2. Solo of a very Eligible Building Site, in the flourish! and dally-lncreasing-in-valuo Parish of Prahran. _ Capital Allotment. ; ~ Liberal Terms, , To be declared at Sale. MR STUBBS will' SELL (by order of the proprietor), at Bear's Auction and Exchange is, 00 Queen street, on Thursday, June 2, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land situate, lying, and being in the parish of Prahran, in the county of Bourke, In the colony or Victoria, bolngpartof Portion 60 of the said parish, commencing at the south- east corner or angle of the said Portion No. 60 ; bounded on the east by a Government rood of 1 chain wide in a line bearing north from the said commencing point 132 feet on the north by other part of the said Portion 60 in a line at right-angles with the last line, bearing west 105 foot; on the west by other part of the said portion 66 in a line at right-angles with the last line, bearing south 132 feet and on the south by a Government road of 1 chain wide, in a line bearing east 105 feet to the commencing point aforesaid The above-mentioned solo affords an excellent and profitable opportunity to all persons desirous of seouringoflnoplot of ground for business purposes, or as a speculative Investment or for the erection of a private ro8ldonco- enjoying of most enviable situation, commanding unsurpassable views of the Bay, shipping, &c.;, and boingnnrlvallcd as a healthy locality. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, JUNE 8. Important Solo In The Government Township, , Footscray. Whitehall-street. MR. STUBBS is directed to call the attention of master mariners, lightermen, navvies, and the inhabitants of Footscray generally, to his important sale on the ground, on Friday, June 3, at one o'clock precisely, I Consisting of 12 most eligible building allotments, being subdivision of lots 7, 30 audio, of Section 10, opposite the Wesleyan chapel and school, with the usual proportion of corner lots, and the best of all advantages, access on and to the Collins-street of Footscray. Note-The locality is about the healthiest In the town ship, and overlooks the landscape beauties of the neighborhood ; Including a great scope of the city, St. Kilda, and the coast all along Brighton. The great value, however, lies in the excellence of the situation and its contiguity to the Footscray station, and the 1 landing-place for steamers and lighters, &c.;, opposite the junction of the Yarra, Its superiority, in fact over adjacent properties IS just what of all others tradesman, mechanic, or operative, ought to buy. Terms, liberal, at sale. Title, the grants. See plan at the auction-rooms. 60 Queen-street. THURSDAY, JUNE 9. Important Sale. The Beautiful Form of Spring Bank, Essendon. ril.-STUlJBS has received directions from Alexander Blair, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION (as an inducement to farmers and market- | gardeners desirous of investing a moderate sun; in a prodiglouily-romuncratlng estate), at Bear's Auction and Exchange Rooms, 66 Queen-street, on Thursday, June 6, at twelve o'clock precisely, The beautiful farm of Spring Bank. It adjoins the house and property of J. Hoffman, Esq., and is situated within a few minutes walk of the new Scots' Church and the Farmers' Arms Hotel, Essendon. The increased demand for estate and home farms in this popular locality will be best exemplified by Inquiry at Bear's Auction Rooms any time between 10 and 4. The public, however, who are the best judges of what property is really worth, have already settled this OR no common locality. From its elevated ; time and airy Situation, it is well described as being one of the most beautiful Farida so near the city, I Terms-Half cash ; the residue at three and six months', bearing 10 per cent, per annum. i Title, First-rate. | Parties wishing to visit the property before the day of sale may have cards to view the some by applying at the office, 60 Queen- street, _ THIS DAY. Sale OF Magnificent Bay and River Frontages of that part of Tooi.3i.niy Known as Groonwlch. C. LUSCOMBE has received instructions from the executors of the late Richard Dowling to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Tuesday, May 81, at three o'clock sharp, All that beautifully-situated property, having a frontage to the Boy at its junction with the Yorroj of 188 foot x 100 foot, forming his itself s. well-proportioned plot of land on which to erect a detached cottage or suburban villa. The soil is rich black mould. The site is equal to any site in the best put of St. Kilda, ob good houses are built on the adjoining land. It commands a magnificent view of the Bay and shipping, and has a splendid water frontage, in consequence of which the view can never be obstructed. The property comprises lots 107, 108, 100, and 170 on plan of subdivision of the township of Greenwich. If the whole is not sold in one block, it will be immediately sold in allotments, that several might have the privilege of purchasing portions of be desirable of property. The auctioneer would remind intending purchasers that this fine property is situate within five minutes' walk of the Railway Station, to which trains from Melbourne run every half-hour. The lots will be sold to the highest bidder. The title is first-class, and terms, liberal, will be do . dared at time of sale. Free tickets per railway will be given to Intending purchasers on the day of sale on application at the auctioneer's office, 80 Swanston-street, where oil further information con- be obtained PRELIMINARY NOTICE. T 0. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUCTION ___V_ on Wednesday, June 4, "The remaining allotments of land in Berkeley street, North Melbourne. Full particulars in a future advertisement " SALE OF FOUR FARMS OF 40 Acres each. EC. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, due notice of which will be Four excellent farms, highly improved, and within a short distance of Melbourne. Particulars in a future advertisments PRELIMINARY NOTICE. her Arrival from Newcastle British-built Brig LALLA ROOKH. To tlcMcrchant«, Importers, and Others engaged in the East Indian, Cliincio, Mauritius, , West Coast of America, i and New Zealand Trades. A. COFFEY has bean favoured with instruc- ' glass tions to SELL by AUCTION, on her arrival from Newcastle, The favorite clipper brig LALLA ROOKH,. 184 tons register, 270 tons burden, built at Peterhead in the year 1818, on the new Aberdeen clipper prin- curio, of the very best seasoned, oak elm, and larch; . well fastened with substantial iron knees, bolted with ! copper, and sheathed with Muntz's heavy motor. her sailing and carrying quilltlosi.ronot to be sur- passed by any vessel In the colonies, having frequently landed her cargo of 250 tons lead-w eight of Eastern produce without a single particle of damage, and her jiaBsogcB by several occa'ImiB were considerably under the average Her present condition is all that can be desired for long voyage, having been coppered and overhauled on the patenting in Sydney within the last 18 months and at the same time was supplied with a nowoutflt of sails, c. Her cabin is neat and commodious, and capable of accommodating four passengers in addition to the master and officers. ... " In soliciting attention to this solo, the auctioneer would state that the Lalla Rookh has been trading between these colonies, the East Indies Mauritius, and West Coast for a conaidoroblcpcriod, and has always given satisfaction to consignees thus earning for herself a first-rate reputation in all the ports she has visited. Her draught of water (10 felt loaded) will also admit of her coming to the Melboune wharf. Terms and further particulars in a future advertise- ment._i_I_ * ""* WEDNESDAY, I LINE 1. At Twelve O'clock. At Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street west. 200 Tons A. A. Company's Coal. HA" COFFEY is favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday, June 5, at twelve o'clock, 200 tons A. A. Company's coal. i In lots to suit p chasers. ' TemiBat Site 1 THIS DAY. of \- To Stationers, Chomlss, and Others, JACOB and ALEXANT)ElwiU SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, 3' Lonsdale-street west, an Tuesday. May 31, at eleven o'clock, A toîgeliaortnicnt of stationery, fancy goods, pictures, office timepiece, fireproof safe, and a / forge quantity of niiooltoncouB goods, too numerous to particularise. Also, co " 1 ton of arsenic. With one re« vo. Terms- Cash. < PRELIMINARY NOTICE. e. a , To*heBoot and Shoe Trade. A Extensive Clearing-out Sale of Boots and Shoes. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms Collins-street, on an early day A" IÄ6aVndnshoc\".riCd assortment a small Full particulars in future advertisements. POSTPONED till! WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. ' To Furniture Dealers, Persons Furnishing, and TT , a Others. Unreserved Sale of Superior Household Furniture. the property of a gentleman giving up housekeeping. A GAtottowB3F is. instructed to SELL by Miss, AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, June 1, at eleven o'clock, A choice assortment of superior household furniture, the property of a gentleman giving up housekeeping. r The furniture is removed to town to suit the convenience of purchasers. No Reserve.. ~ WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. To Corn Dealers and Others. 100 Bags (more or less) Scotch Oats. Bags Stained. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Colllns-street, on Wednesday June 1, at eleven o'clock, X, ex Caspian, 100 bags (more or less) Scotch oats . Bags slightly stained. To boland for account of whom it may concern, Without Reserve. " WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. ' To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a in a his rooms, Colllns-street, on Wednesday June 1, at eleven o'clock, 100 half arkins white herrings 40 firkins do do 100 half-barrels red herrings 50 cases do, in tins. All guaranteed sound. To be sold to close a shipment. Terms Cash. _ WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. " To Confectioners, Grocers, and Others. 12 Cases Jujubes. 100 Cases Jams, in lb. tins. " 60 Cases Bottled Fruits. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday 1, at eleven o'clock, 12 cases jujubes and gum pastiles 100 do jams, in lb. tins, 60 do bottled fruits. All in finest order and condition. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. To Boot Dealers and Others. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, 1, al olov on o'clock, Sec. 701-1 trunk, containing 38 pairs calf about wellingtons 20 do kip do. Sec. 706-1 trunk, containing 67 pairs calf wellingtons. To be sold for account of whom it may concern. Without Reserve. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. " 1 ' To Grocers and Others. 200 Boxes Candles, light weights. I 40 boxes Pearl Sago ; and 70 Bags of Oats, slightly damaged. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, June 1, eleven o'clock, 200 boxes candles, light weights 40 boxes pearl sago, , And 70 bags of oats, slightly damaged. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. ' Clearing-out Sale of Groceries. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, s in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, June 1, at clay on o'clock, 14 tons, rock salt, in bags 10 ilrklnB new d. r. Cork butter 17 boxes Halo's sperm candles 12 bags Mauritius cry stoles and Java sugar. Also, Cheshire cheese, Sinclair's lining and bacon, scr dines, rice, Ac. , No reserve. _ Terms Cash. 1 WEDNESDAY. JUNE 1. Unreserved Sale of , 0 Hhds. Spirits of Wine. J To Close an Account. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, 1, at eleven o'clock, 0 hhds. of spirits of wine. To be sold to close an account, 1 | Without Reserve. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1 To Brewers and Others. ; 20 Bags English Malt. A G, M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday last eleven o'clock, Ex J. E. Thompson, M-20 bags malt, w lighting 30 cwt. 3 qrs. 10 lbs. To be sold for account of whom it may concern. Without Reserve. WEDNESDAY, JUNE J. 'lo When built Splatt Atlantic and. Others. Unreserved Sale of Wines and Spirits. To Close various Shipments. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, As in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, June 1, at eleven o'clock, , Ex Art-Union, 260 cases vieux cognac, In bond. , Also, 26 cases sparkling burgundy, duty paid 26 do Aboi Potiot champagne 23 do champagne 2 hhd. pulleys four-grape port wine, duty paid 6 quarter-casks three grape dry sherry 7 cases anchor brand geneva 3 quarter casks brandy 20 Illili.'rum. The whole to be sold to close accounts. Without reserve. _- Terms Liberal. , j FRIDAY, JUNE 8. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, 1 and Country Districts. Sale of 60 Trunks of Seasonable Boots and Shoes. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, June 8, at eleven o'clock, CO trunks of boots and shoes, consisting of Men's and boys'' bluchers Men's winter lights Calf wellingtons Women's leather and cloth boots Children's do ' Men's and women's slippers, &e.; All to be sold to close Bhipmontfl. Terms. Under £100, cash ; at and above that amount, approved acceptances at three months' date. THIS DAY. Without Reserve. Oats, Grain, c. SHEARER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, Without reserve, 200 bags Limerick oats 100 do bran 100 do Californian barley 100 do bran 100 do Russian oats. All in good order. Terms Cash. _ THIS DAY. Furniture. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, 14 Collins street west, on Tuesday, May 31, at eleven o'clock, 200 dining tables, safes, pier-glasses, Se. ; Tons Cash. _ THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Dealers, and Others. } FRASER and COHEN are instructed to i SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday Hay 81, at eleven o'clock, At the risk of the former purchasers, Messrs. Mollonbaoeh, Uhlhorn, and Co., 200 cases Hennessy's brandy, in bond. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. J71IIASER and COHEN have received instruct i tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday May 21, at eleven o'clock, CO barrels white herrings 40 cases Yarmouth bloaters 10 do Findon haddocks, lobsters, SO. 100 do jams, lb. and 2lb. tins 16 do Mocklo'B biscuits ] ton hemp seed 0 bales seaming and roping twine. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Close Accounts. FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- N Sons to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Colllns-street west, on Tuesday, May 21, at devon. ' Without reserve, To close accounts, No. 1200 bags Mauritius sugar 2-60 do do 8-41 do do 2 cases figs 40 do Byass's ale, each 4 dozen 10 do do and Porter. pints, each 2 do 3 do champagne, Sillery 30 barrels now currants, 21 cwt. each 3 kegs horse nails, Bold as 4 cwt. 'Jhl 10s and others is called tale as the whole of tho above goods must be sold. i Terms Cash. _ THIS DAY. ') 110 Hhds. Ale. For Unreserved Sale of. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Ollett' On account of whom it may concern, HO 1 hides are, of various broudF. "v ' Tdinit- Bish. VM iLt Helene. THIS DAY. Damaged Oats. , Ex India, Captain Lipp, from Cronstadt FRASER and COHEN have received in IT' structions from Messrs J. S. Moore and Co to SELL, by AUCTION, at their rooms. 14 Collins, street west, on Tuesday, May 31, at eleven o'clock sharp, On account of whom it may concern, 1,440 bags Russian oats i Damaged by salt water. I Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Eleme Raisins. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC _ TION, at the Mart on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, ' Without any reserve, 260 boxes Eleme raisins. Terms at Sale. F THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, May 21, at cloy on o'clock, At the risk of former purchaser, Mr. Charles Brooks, 20 quarter-casks sherry. Duty paid. Toram of Solo. THIS DAY. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, and Others. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, May 21, at eleven o'clock, 16 cases assorted confectionery 4 do, each 80 half-boxes, prune flora do, 26 do, do B 3 do, 60 boxes, do 6 quarter-barrels prunes 10 barrels do. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. To the Root and Shoe Trade. 200 Trunks of Superior Boots and Shoes. "FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC JP TION. at the Mart, on Wednesday, June 1, at eleven o'clock, Now landing, And to be sold without any reserve, 200 trunks of very superior seasonable boots and shoes, comprising a first-rate assortment. Particulars in future issue. Terms Under £100, cash above that sum, approval acceptances at three months'. A SATURDAY, JUNE i. Positive and Unreserved Sale. By order of The Trustees in the Estate of Benjamin Chamberlain. Fruit Trees, Flowers, Forest Trees, Flowering Shrubs, etc. Also, the whole of that valuable Block of Land, comprising 11 acres, more or less, situate In High street, Prahran, and known as Chamberlain's Australian Nursery FRASER and COHEN have received in J} structions from the Trustees in the estate > Benjamin Chamberlain to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, High-street, Prahran, on Saturday, June i, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the surplus fruit and forest trees, Vines, flowers, bulbs, so, comprising Fruit Trees. Apples, in great variety Pears Peaches Apricots Cherries Figs Quinces Medlars Lomtats Oranges Walnuts Grape vines. Forest Trees. Robinia pseudoacacia Laburnum Popular, upright White thorn Do, spreading Scarlet do English elm Double blossom do Do oak Blue gum. Flowers and Flowering Shrubs. American aloes Picotees Pontius Pansies Double violets FuschloB Dahlias Hollotropo Cypress lauristina Honeysuckle Tree musk Veronica's Arbor vitae Lilacs Yellow jasmine, &c.; Roses. Giant des Battailles Comet Clionodolo General Lamoriciere Paul Ricout Prince Albert Rublfolca La Reine Juno Red and white moss, &c.; After which, Will be offered, The whole or that splendid property, situate in High-street, Prahran, and comprising about li acres, known as Chamberlain's Australian Nursery. The auctioneers, in bringing the above really first class property before the attention of the public, can confidently state that it is one of the most eligible investments that have overseer offered in Melbourne. The whole of the land, 11 acres (more or less), is in a high state of cultivation, the products of the orchard and nursery having gained for the proprietors the highest horticultural prizes in the colony. To persons seeking a situation for the erection of a suburban residence, the sale of the above offers an opportunity that the auctioneers have no hesitation in affirming will never occur again. Gardeners and nurserymen should not let the present opportunity pass of securing a garden which bears the high reputation that Chamberlain's Australian Nursery deservedly does. Terms at sale. Note Sale on the round, on Saturday, June 4, a twchoociocic._ TUESDAY. JUNE 7. Bona Fide and Unreserved Sale of most Valuable Land, in the Municipality of St. Kilda. FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- JP tions from the Municipal Council of St. Kilda to SELL by AUCTION, at the rooms of the auctioneers, 14 Collins- street west, on Tuesday, June 7, at twelve o'clock, P. Subdivided as follows: Frontages on Barkly-street. No. Corner lot, having a frontage of 180 feet to Barkly street, and 140 feet frontage to 40-foot street, by a depth of HO foot wedge-shaped No. 2-78 feet frontage to Barkly-street, by a depth (average) of 76 foot. No. 8-78 do, do 104. No. 4-78 do, by a depth of 126. No. 6-78 do, by an average depth of 116 foot. No. 78 do, do 87 feet. Note, Nos. 3, 4, and 6 have entrances to o right-of way In the rear. No. 7-Corner lot, 100 feet to Barkly and 160 to Ackland streets, by a depth of 140 feet wedge-shaped Frontages to Ackland street. No. 8-80 feet frontage to Ackland-street, by an average depth of 87 foot. No. 6-78 foot frontage to Ackland-street, by an average depth of 118 feet. No. 10-78 foot frontage to Ackland-street, by a depth of 182 feet. No. h Corner lot, 78 feet frontage to Ackland street, by a frontage of 132 foot to a 40-foot street. No. 13-45 feet to Ackland-street, by a depth of 132 feet. Note. No. 6 and 10 have entrances to o right-of way in the rear. Frontages to a 40 feet street. Nos 14,16,10,17, 18, and 19 have each a frontage of 60 foot to this street, by a depth or 80 foot. No. 21-00 foot frontage, by an average depth 71 feet. No. 22-00 foot frontage, by an average depth of 60 feet. No. 2800 feet frontage, by on average depth of 170 foot. Note. Nos. 22 and 23 have entrances to a right-of way in the rear. No 20. Very valuable corner lot, having three frontages, viz 5-66 feet to Now Esplanade-road, 60 feet to Barkly-street, and 30 feet to the 40-foot street by a depth of 80 foot. The auctioneers have much pleasure in announcing the above sale, forming as it does the subdivision of Portions Nos. 47,48, 40, and 60, the whole of which are at the present time very valuable, and fast increasing in value, having a commanding and unimpeded view of the Bay, shipping, is, being, in fact, some of the best building sites over yet offered for competition. The public are respectfully requested to inspect the above allotments previous to day of Sale, By the whole of them must be sold. Plans to be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers one week previous to day of sale. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUO j) TION, at their rooms. Collins street, on Tues day, May 31, at twelve o'clock, 30 yards. Cockburn's quadruple diamond port wine 18 quarter casks do do 17 do Offloy's port, treble diamond 62 Hhds. Sherry 24 quarter-casks do 10 hhds. Booth's old tom 16 do Marion's brandy. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Extensive Sale of Wines and Spirits. Martell's Brandy, Rum, Whisky, Gin, Port. Sherry. Bottled Ale, &c.; To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. C SYMONS and PERRY have received instruct Patrons to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, May 21, at twelve o'clock. An extensive assortment of wines and spirits, con listings- .... j , ; 20 Hhds. Martell's dark and pale brandy 50 cases Clouzoau's do do 200 do Mare Arnold's do do 40 do old brandy 0 lilies. W. I. rum 100 cases key brand geneva 200 do old tom 300 do Pigoon's do 300 do Swain Boord's do 160 do port wine , 10 Miss. Brune Silver port wine 40 quarter casks Cockburn's do 40 octaves do do Islands Quartes Harris's six grape port wine 20 quarter-casks do do 4 hhds. Uno pale sherry Ofluartor-casks do do. VP conjoined 12 hhds. fine pale sherry 2 quarter-casks do do. i bids. fine polo sherry 8 quarter-casks do do. Ty. TO quarter-casks fine pale sherry 3ft <»fk*B)ttt8'siile, nee bland, > 0 is not, my Liberal, declared at Sale. THIS DAY. 2 Publicans, Wine and Spirit Merchants, and Others For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern COnhds Ale. CLEMONS and PERRY will SELL bvAHP JP TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday May 21, at twelve o'clock, ' ""at 60 hhds. ale. Terms at Sale. 1 THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others SYMONS and PERRY will SELL liv AAP 100 cases brandy, in bond 11 hhds brandy 5 do wMaky £0 cases de-. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, JUNE i. " Register Grates, Tenders, and Scrapers To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Dealers and Others. SYMONS and PERRY are instructed to. SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms Collins street, on Wednesday June 1, at twelve o'clock 20 ground register grates 13 boot fenders, steel tops 12 do do, assorted 12 boU best pair fireirons 24 pairs scrapers, Nos. 2,0,0, and 12. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1. Porfurnory, Cutlery, Cabinetwaro, Toys, Earthenware, &c.; To Fancy Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others SYMONS and PERRY have been instructed or to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. street, on Wednesday, June 1, at twelve o'clock A great variety of perfumery, cutlery, cabinet ware &c;, consisting of- '"an. Fruit-soap, hair oil, Mandoline, perfumes, board' grease, tooth powder, eau de Cologne, crys talised vinegar, pomades, hair, tooth, and nail brushes, combs, At Work-boxes, cedar boxes, American clocks, brass round clocks, scissors, pocket-knives, razors thimbles, chessmen, japan vestas, racer! schemes, D U. pipes, &c.; Willow totallers, cups and saucers A quantity of stationery, toys, musical instruments, o.C. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, JUNE 2 " To Contractors, Contractors, Dealers, and Others 1,000 Bushels Haj css. Black Oats SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, June 2, at twelve o'clock, 1,600 bushels Hayes's black oats. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, JUNE 2. '-c To Grocers, Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC JJ TION, at their rooms, Collins Street, on Thursday, June 2, at eleven o'clock, 180 cases Colman's No 1 mustard, i lbs. 40 do do, 1 lb 16 do Taylor Brothers' chocolate 30 casks Day and Martin's blacking 60 bags Barcelona nuts 40 cases Thin's mixed pickles. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, JUNE 2 To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, June 2, at twelve o'clock, 200 cases Feast's pint pickles 200 do do bottled fruits £0 do jams, assorted, 1 lb. jars 40 do do, do, do 30 casks salt, in drums 10 cases wax vestas 30 casks oatmeal 7 cases Taylor Brothers' chocolate. , 16 do colza oil, in tins Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, JUNE 2. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. Candles Candles. Candles SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC O TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, June 2, at twelve o'clock, 60 boxes Halo's candles, long fours 160 do do, short notice ' 42 do do, do eights 160 do Price's Belmonts, sixes 200 do Siberian snow stearine candles, sixes 120 do French do, sizes Terms at Sale. Jun THURSDAY, JUNE 2. To Storekeepers, Grocers, Dealers, and Others 1,000 Bags Java Sugar SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, uno 2, at twelve o'clock, 1,000 bags Java sugar Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 0. J To Private Gentlemen, Capitalists, and Persons Requiring a splendid Suburban Retreat Handsome Family Residence with Farm attached, Situated 6 miles from Melbourne, On the Flemington-road SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins street, on Wednesday, June 6, at twelve o'clock. All that desirable property situated near the Essendon Hotel, On the mum Mount Alu Wandal-road, 2 6 miles from Melbourne and recently in the occupation of the late Mr Wm Kerr, consisting of 14 acres of land of the most fertile description, Blowhole well and securely fenced, and under on th ation, having a frontage to a creek with a never-failing supply of water Together with a substantially built stone house, containing dining and drawing rooms, four bedrooms, lobby, kitchen!, servants'' room, storeroom, laundry, three stalled stable and other out-offices ; all in excellent repair, and suited to the reception of a. large family without incurring any outlay. There is also an abundant supply of water from an underground tank recently constructed, a large Ititchcngardcn securely fenced and well cropped, a neat and convenient stone cottage for a gardener or superintendent, and all requirements for a gout oil country residence Title unexceptionable. The above property is of a description now rarely offered to the public, situate so near town as to enable the man of business to reach it easily after ordinary business hours. The air is unquestionably healthy and bracing, the aspect being eastward, over looking the pleasing undulations of the Moonee Ponds district, whilst uninterrupted communication with the Old and New Sydney roads will be afforded by means of a road about to be laid out from Glass street, Essendon, to which the property fronts, extending to near Brunswick Town Title, first class For further particulars application to be made to the auctioneers Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale. MONDAY, JUNE 6. Nails Nails Nails. OF ROSS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, June 6, at, eleven o'clock, 200 kegs American cut nails. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, JUNE 6, Cargo of lumber Ex Isabella, from New York. 20,445 Foot Pitch Pine Flooring. 104,032 Do Spruce Scotch Do. 08,078 Do White Pine Do. 2353 Do Do Clear Plank. 04,380 Do Do Shelving. 4,018 Do Spruce Scantling. at 1,888 Do Do DealS. CS. ROSS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, ( on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, June 6, at eleven o'clock, Ex Isabella, 20,446 feet pitch pine flooring, 6 to 6 inches wide, 18 to 24 footlongths 8,7 do Scotch do, lax 0,14 to 20th 41,152 do do, 14 x 9, 12 to 24 do 63,104-do do, Ex 6,10 to 28 do 04,880 do white pine shelving, dressed both sides and edges lo j inch, 15 to 16 feet lengths 20,000 do 2 Inch white pine clear plank, dressed one side, 12 to 22 inches wide 6,284 de 14-inch do, do 2,613 do French do, do 4,03 do Spruce scantling, 8 x 3,11 to 10 feet 184 do spruce deals, 9 x 9, 18 to 20 do 60 do do, 14 x 8, 12 to 20 do 1)8,078 do white pine flooring, dressed one side, to 3 inch, 12 and 18 foot. The above cargo is now landing, and upon inspection will be found superior to any now in the market Terms liberal. MONDAY, JUNE 6, Cargo of Baltic Deals and Battens Ex Cornelia Henrietta, 2,828 Red Deals, 11 x 8. ". i ' 8,071 Do, 018. 600 Do, 83. £00 Do, 9 x 2. 1,000 Red Battons, 718. 1,375 Do, 7 x 21. 1,162 White Deals 93. 12 Do Battens, 718. \- 100 Momol Logs. CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, June 6, at eleven o'clock. Ex Cornelia Henrietta, 2,828 rod deals, 12 x 9, 16 to 26 feet lengths 8,071 do, 6 x 30 to 20 do £00 do 6 x 8,12 to 25 do COD do 6 x 21, 0 to 24 do 1,000 red battens, 7 x 30 to 24 do 1,375 do 7 x 24, 18 to 25 do 12 white buttons, 7 x 8,17 to 21 do 1,152 white deals, Ox 8, 8 to 28 do ,, 100 motor logs from 10 x 10, to 14 x 14, 20 to 30 The above cargo is without exception the best qua- lies now in thimarket Is stored in Mr. O.L. Three residents yard, opposite Australian Wharf, where in ten ding buyers are requested to inspect It. Terms Liberal N THIS DAY. Household Furniture. IV I KINSMAN has received instructions to W RTM_bv AUCTION, at the Iron Horse, lease Carkeet, on Tuesday, May "9 at, cedar table, sofa, chairs, eighty o'clock ornaments, on Bohemianiglass, At ; white and gold china, oil paintings, iron and Soodbcd«te*ds.wa*bst".dBan^ books, toilet glasses, crockery, kitchen men bIIh, Ac. . ,, " Patent two o'clock, /T_iii"l«.r > "inman, auctioneer, 3 Moor street, Colling Wio - 