?«_.? fey AnottOB, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. i Drapery. Drapery. Drapery, (slops For Positivo Sale, j Io Clear up Sundry Consignments. To Drapers, Outfitters, Milliners, Country Store- keepers, Dealer«, and Others. ' ~f WADE, of Wade and Gowan, baa been ?J, instructed by the Importers to SELL by TUB-IO AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-Btreet cast, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, TBO following goods, to cloar up tundry consign Kttnta : Bat« of book collars and sleeves Xarege dresses Infants' mantles Flounced muslin robes Bioh poplin dreitos , InfantB1 frock« and robes "Women's fine merino vests Xadlea' embroidered underclothing ?- Men's grey and brown cotton halt hose ' Women's white cotton hose Superior needles, in fancy boxea \- Men's superior lambswool shirts and pants Xacïeo' nankeen Jackets So drab alpaca do, with hoods . Do black glace mantles JDo flounced organdie droBBOs _. Janey chip and dunBtablo bonnets So leghorn and straw hats Men'« alpaca coats and vests «gentlemen's gra>soloth coats and vests Boys'and jouthB' casmetto sacs Men's drab mole trousers So fancy tweed and doo trouser« 90 and 88 Inch grey calico And a quantity of other goods. Terms at Sale. w PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Sydney Cedar. EASEY and Oo. will SELL, on an j early day, A quantity of suporlorcedar. : H«w landing ex Wanderer, at Australian Wharf. THIS DAY. 3 Case Elegant French Gilt Porcelain Ornamonts. " To Gentlemen, Fanoy Warehousemen, and Others. "OT EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUG. TV . TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins- street west, <n Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, J case elegant French gilt porcelain ornaments, very handsome. _Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. , 10 Cases Winficld's Bedsteads. Io Furniture Warehousemen and Others. TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO TV . TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street wost, «HO Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, ]0 cases Winfield's patent bedsteads, comprising lit 6 x0ft 6, aft 6 x Oft, 2ft 0 x 0 ft, 5ft x2 ft 6, &o.; Of the newest and most elegant designs. _Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY. TWO Eligible Brick and Verandah Houses, Domain-road, South Yarra. le Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Speculators, and Others. TKT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC Ty « TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins- atreot west, cn Thursday, January 27, at 1 o'clock, All those two valuabio «tuccoed brick and verandah detached houses, each containing six rooms, i slated, spouted, and finished in a vory superior . manner, each occupying a frontage of 28 feet 0 inches to MllUwyn-strcet, Domain-road, by a \- «lepth of 186 feet, with a right-of-way between 1 each house. Are now occupied by highly-respectable tenants, at »rental of 21, per week each: and being situated _ a favorite and improving locality, will always com- ae and high rents. Also, An adjoining allotment of land, ha» lug a frontage of 88 feet, by a depth of 186 feet. Title perfect. Tonne at sale. ï_ns may bo seen at tbo rooms of tho auctioneers. THIS DAY. CO Bags Fino Black Irish Oatt. 2.0 Do Do White Do Do. 800 Do Do Do. 600 Do Calcutta Do. To Uvery-StïMo Keepers, Coach Proprietors, Corn _ Factors. W EASBY and Oo. will SELL by AUO T J . TION, at their rooms, S3 Collins-street west, .a Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, CO bagB fine black Irish oats SOO do do whlto do do SOO do do do COO do Calcutta do. Prior to the sale of fancy goods. The attention of tho trado and buyers generally is pusroested to tbe above Unreserved sale of oatt, t Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. To Furniture Dealers and Others. Ill CaBOfl Superior American Chairs. WEASEY and Co. will SELL, by AUO ? TION, at their rooms, 83 Collina street weat, »n Thursday,|J«nuar) 27, at 11 o'clock, 12 cases 12 dozen common wood-seat chairs, dark ornamented 11 do 11 do Quincy do, gilt rose __2 do l8 do serpentine spindle do, etiipe IS do 16 do crown-top Baltimore, cana 47 do 17 do serpentine do, wood TO do 10 do bett arm wood office do, largo S do 6 do oak arm-chairs 11 do 11 do bent arm cane officedo Udo Ido cane back and spindle rocking do i do 2 do do nurso do ti do 6 do children's wood office do, low. Ti« abovo aro all fresh goods, and entirely new _satternB, Just landed, and aro worthy the attention of pikt trade. _Terms at Bale. THIS DAY. Sferee Oases Handsome Ornament i, Silk Handkor . ohlef, &c.; , Io Gentlemen, Dsealors, and Others. WEASEY and Oo. will SELL by AUO ? TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-Btrect west, ¡rf a sunday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, S.cases handsome glaaswaro, glass ornaments, silk handkerchiefs, Se. _No Beservo._ THIS DAY. ' Hayois Oatt. Moro or Less Damaged. To Cornfactors and Othors. EABEY and Co. will SELL by ADÖ _j TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, iwsday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, Ex Karl of Eglinton, A quantity of Hayes's Iruh oats, More or IOBB damaged by soawrter, And sold on account of whom It may concern. _Ko Beserve._ ' THIS DAY. 200 Bags Irish Barloy. To Cornfactors and Others. EA8EY and Oo. will SELL by AUG. « TION, at their rooms, 33 ColUns-strcot WBBÍ, «n Tburtday, Jannary 27, at 11 o'clock, SOO hags Irish barley. Terms at Sale. _Note-11 o'clock sharp._ "?""" THIS DAY. ~~ ZTo Dealers in Foreign Curiosities, Fancy Wara Dealers, and Othors. Reportant Salo of beautiful Fancy Sholls, Shell-work Ornaments, Polished Buffalo Horns, And Horn Furniture, n WEASEY and Oo. will SELL by A O. t TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins street Weet, on Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, An elegant collection or shells, shell work, hornB, &c.;, comprising apecimens from all parts of the world. ~ --. ¿none? the most beautiful are the Trana and Nautilus shells ïearl shell «reen mall do Subo do .".a* do w ..* ?f olola _ _ . »task pearl oyster SSEwSÏÏ.'k. African »««. hi \- And . A ananUty of shell-work ornaments. »aThnr «JsThw ATeryhea-Uhrt and elahorat^-wortedMUtJole . A T tait, the work ol the celebraUd Comtodo __>.> tASroeollectlon 1» now on view »t tte r__¡»o¡; lï5* Wanten" are in nrat-ra.o order, wdTrortby the THI8 DAY. " ¡> ? 1 Case Superior Bl uah« arc. " I To Ironmongers and Otl c^. " "XVT EASEY and Co. will SELL by ÄUO V J . TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins otreot wost .on Thursday,, January 27, at 11 o'clock, j 1 case superior bruehwnrc, wel< assorted. _Terms nt Sale. THI8 DAY. 10 Coila Manilla Rope. For whom it may concorn. To Ironmongers and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO- ' a TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-streot west, on Thursday, January 27, at li o'olook, < Ex Karl of Eglinton, 10 colls Manilla rope, } in. to 1J in. "ï " To be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No roBervo. Terms-Cash._ *" FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. ' On the Australian Wharf. 66,000 Feet Log Cedar: Entire Cargo ex Gem. To Cabinetmakers, Timber Merchants, Builders, and Others. , W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC . TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, | Entlro cargo ex Gem. 66,000 feot log cedar. Now landing, and to be sold without roselie. Torras Liberal. " FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. On tho Australian Wharf. 319,000 Feet American Lumber. , Ex Florida, Iron» Now York. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and _ Others. W EASEY/ and Co. will SELL by AUO-" , TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Friday, January 28, nt 12 o'clock, Ex Florida, from New Tork, 28,118 feet 1 inch carpenters' clear, 11 to 22 inches »vide, and 12 to 16 feet lengths 20,088 do 11 do de, 10 to 20 inches wide, and 0 to l8 feet lengths 67,127 do 1} do do, 10 to 20 inches wide, anti 6 to 20 foet lengths 14,610 do 2 do do, 10 to £0 inches wide, and 8 to l8 feet lei'gths 83,926 do 1 do Scotch flooring, 0 inches ii ide, and l8 feet lengths . 10,129 do J do i-hcothing boards *> »,000 do 2J, S J, 0, and 81 inch CRrponter»' clear, of extra quality, 10 to 20 inches »vido 12,021 feet spruce battons, S inches wide, 13-fect lengths 74,263 do jollow pine tongued and grooved flooring, 13, l8 to 20 feet lengths 26,126 do satin scantlings 180,000 masons' laths, Tho attention of the trade is solicited to the snle of the above cargo, which cannot be equalled by any t irercd this SCBBC n at public calo. TermB. aa usual, very Liberal, MONDAY, JANUARY 31. Unreserved Salo of 12 Butts Coseno'« Sherry. 11 Hogshoads Do. Do. 116 Quarter-Casks Do. Do. Being Portion of the Cargo ex Solido, intended for the Melbourne Market. From Cadiz Direct. To Merchants, Wine and Spirit Morcbnnts, Store- keepers, and the Trade generally. WEASEY and Co. have received in a structions from Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co,, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street »vost, on Monday, January 31, at 11 o'clock, The undermentioned batch of superior sherries, ' ex Solido, from Cadiz : FP, double plamond, VP conjoined 2 butts, 12 hhds., and 100 quarter-casks very pale chorry. Dot-.blo grnpCB, VP conjoined 2 butts, 13 hhds,, and 100 quarter-casks » ery palo sherry. Doublo diamond, P under 1 hhd. and 17 quarter cabks palo cherry. Doublo grape, F3 under 1 butt, 1 hhd., and 17 quieter-casks palo sherry. Three diamond, VP conjoined under 2 butts, 7 hhds., and 62 qr.-caBb.B very sherry. 'Three grapo, VPS conjoined 1 butt, 2 hhds,, and 83 quarter-caskB very palo sherry. Three grape, P under 2 hhds. and 10 quartet-casks fine palo Bherry. Four diamond, VP conjoined under 2 butts, 3 hhds., and 30 quartor-casks superior , » ery palo do. Four diamond, P under 2 hhd*. and 10 quarter-casks superior palo sherry. OS, VP conjoined under 1 butt, 1 hhd., and 20 quartor-casks particular, very palo sherry. OS, P under 1 hhd. and 3 quarter-casks particular, very pale «berry. Crown and anchor, VP conjoined under- j 7 quarter-caskB very choleo Bherry. SLA, AWF conjoined under 8 quarter-casks Eoloran palo sherry. SA 7 quarter-casks fino Amontillado shorry. Also, Ex Esperance 100 casks Byass's nie, 1 dozen each 10O do do do porter, 1 do do. Ex Northern Crows. | 200 casks ByasB'a ale, 1 dozen each 20 do do porter, 1 do do. ¡ Ex Owen Glendower. 1000 cases Byass's key brand geneva. Ex Sussex. 16 hhds. Martell's brand", 1860. Ex Heather Bel). 6 hhds. Martell's brandy, 1860. The auctioneers, In calling the attention of tho trade to the above unreserved sale of very superior wines, beg to intimato that the sherries havo not as yet been in bond, but were transhipped direct from tho Solide, immediately upon her arrival at Sydney. N.B.-Samples of the abovo sherries will boon » lew three day« previous to sale, and the trndo is re quo lo inspect the same. TermB liberal, at sale No Reserve. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8. Valuable City Property. Situate in Victoria-street, between Swanston and Elizabeth strcots, and known as Ailsa-terrace. Adjoining the premises of Messrs. Aehloy and Hoalee'a coach manufactory, and Messrs. Reynolds and English, general carriers, and comprising Three Capital Two-story Brick-built Houses, IO Capitalists, Men of Business, Trustees, Private Families, and others desirous of investment or obtaining a first-class city property. W EASBY and Co. have received in- , a stiucllons to bELL by AUCTION, on Thurs- day, February 8, at 12 o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, situate In Victoria. Btieot, having a frontage of- by a depth of -? Upon this land aro erected .¿ree substantial wick-built slx-roomedhouseB. Ground-floor contains entrance hall, tittingroom, ledroom, kitchen, Ac. One-pair floor, drawlngroom and two bedrooms. These houses are well built, and have a bold archi- tectural elevation. For situations forvaluo orbusi- J ness can surpass this, it being in the % cry centro o ' traffic, in this important part of tho town. The whole of the houses are let to highly respecatablo ten . ante, and produce a rontal oi £-. To panics in search of a rosily good and safo Investment, tho auclioucc» can confidently recommend this pro- perty . Fnrther particulars at tho rooms of the auc- ¡ liol io l Title unexceptionable. Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8. Desirable Six-roomed House, Tlvoll-plnco, Punt-hill, South Yarra. To Parties in Search of a Comfortablo and Genteel - Residence, Capitall)t», and Othors. W EASBY and Co. have received lnatino « tiona from tfao owner to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83Colllns- Etreet,onThursday,Febm>ry I, at 12 o'clock, A comfortable and well-built six-roomed house, situated Tlvoll-place, Punt-hill, Bonth Yarra ; i with kitchen, Biabllug, and convenient out- ' offices, 10 feet frontage, by 200 feet depth. Parties in search of a comtortablc residence would \ do well to inspect this property Title unexceptionable. Terms Liberal. ' AUCTION BALES BY MR. STUBBS. MB. STUBBS will sell by anotioD, at the under mentioned times and places : 27th January.-On the premises, corner of Lonsdale and Bpencer-Blreet». By order of His Honor Mr, Justice William», Valuable Household Furniture, Libiary, Barouche, Ac., &c.; After which Two Years' Leaso of tho House, Btore, esc. 81st January. The Village of Gretna Green, Perish of Tullama- rine, situate on the other side of the toll har, Deep Creek road. 2nd February.-On the premises, corner of noircna Parade and Punt Road, Richmond, | Houso and Land. ' 1 Fronting tbo Richmond Paddock. Hour ol Sales 12 o'clock. Full particulars of the above may bo had at Mr. Stubbs1« oillce, 66 Queen- street._ MONDAY, JANUARY 31. Gretna Green, Opposite Colonel Kenny's Estato, Parish of Tullamarine. Subdivision of part of portion No.4 of Section 4, the property of A. M'Donald, Esq. Subdivided by the proprietor spoclally for the acoom modation and convenience of newly-inarriod ?.emplee, carriers, little shopkeepers, farm laborers, gardeners, and Immigrants. All pegged off at >ou go along 1uBt on the other side of the toll-bar, Deep Creek-road. MB. STUBBS ia instructed to announce . the SALE, on Monday, January 31, Di the before-mentioned popular-named village, in lol* to suit purchasers, and upon liberal terms. Further description in a future advertisement. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2~ **~^ Elegant Household Furniture. _/fB. STUBBS will SELL by PUBL1Q jVLv AUCTION, on the premise« of Mr. Salllran, nesrtne junction of the Toorak and Punt roads, on w.dn«Bdáy, February S, »t X o'olook precisely, gandry -tide» of elegant surplus furniture, con rt,tl8Briijir-bottom iola, chiffonnier«, chest drawer«, loo-table«, dressing do, washstand«, carpet», rugs, c«sy and hair-seated chairs, poultry, »arness. Term»- Cash, DAY, JANUARY 28. Unavoidably Postponed lu con.ec_uenee of the Inclemency of the Weather, to ÏO-morrow, Friday, January 28, to commence at 11 o'clock pj<_lstl_. The Property of Mr. J lulico Williams, Previous to His Honor's Doparture for Europe. Opposite the Ballway Terminus, \ Spencer-atroor, Corner of Lontdale-street. Lease of the House for Two Years, With tho Sale of eil the Elegant and Modern Furnlturo, Wines, Plato, Plated Ware, 200 Volumes Law and General Library, moally Standard Works. I A few Valuable Paintings, after Tenlers and Rubeni. And 1 original Jansen, Barouche, &c.; MB. STUBBS Is favoied with inatrnctiona to BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, OB tho pre , corner of Lonsdale and Spencer streets, on Fiiday, January 28, to commence at 11 o'clock pre- cisely, , | The valuable household furniture and effects, com* HandBomo mahogany bookcato and chiffonnière, very handsome rosowood and mahogany arm lounging-chaln, do ottomans, do loo and other tables, chairs, carpets, rugs, vases, , hearthrugs ; handsome cornice, with tuite of exhibition curtains; writing-desks, 15-day I clock, sideboard, seasoned feather beds and pillows, horsehair and wool mattretsor, bed- j steads, with sets curtains en suite, wardrobes, chests drawers, toilet glasses and tables, wasbttands and services, crystal and crockery, j Including dessert and tea sets, kitchen uteuillB, _-c. Catalogues may be had at Mr. StubbB' auction rooms, 60 Queen-street. j WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. , , Ekle of Household Furniture, Phaeton, Dogctrt, ! Horse, &c.;, * At Felix Cottago. Esplín ado, St, Kilda, I Immediate opposite the new bathing establishment. MB. STUBBS baa received in_trnot.on_ to I SELL by AUCTION, at Felix Cottago, Espla St. Kilda, immediately opposite tho new bathing establishment, on Wednesday, February 2, at 12 o'clock, , , ' Tho whole of the household furniture, fcc, in the above cottage, consisting of Mahogany telescope dlnlng-tablet Slnlngroom chairs and sofa Chiffonniere Dinner, tea, and coffee services Handsome rosewood cottage pianoforte Rosowood canter bury Walnut whatnot Papier mache table and chairs Card-tables Paintings and engravings Chimney-glasses Brussels carpet Register grates Fenders and irons Largo iron bcdBtoads and bedding Mahogany wardrobe Dressing tables and glasses A flrst-rato American stove Kltehen utensils, &c; Also, A handsomo park phaeton, patent axles, &c.; One do dogcart One ehesnut horse, quiet iu taddlo or harness Harness, saddles, &c.; Large water-butts and stands Anti miscellaneous articles. All to bo sold Without Reserve. I WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. Richmond. At 12 o'clock in the forenoon, sharp. , On the Premises, corner of Rotiena-paradc, Punt road, Rlohmond. "R/TB. STUBBS has received inetructiona lyX from the proprietor (who is about to remove Som the vicinity of Melbourne), to SELL by PUBLIC! AUCTION, if not previously disposed of by private contract, at the premises, corner of Rowena- parade, Punt-road, Richmond, on Wednesday, February 2, at 12 o'clock sharp, The following freehold properties, viz,, Loti. A most desirable corner allotmont of land, situate at the corner of Rowona-parado and Punt-road, Richmond, having a frontage to tho Punt-road, Chain wide, of 36} feet, by a depth of 78 felt, on which is erected a most substantially-built and well-finished Brick store and dwelllnghouso, containing convenient shop, parlor, two bed- rooms, kitchen, [&c.; A neat corrugated iron verandah is fitted round the premises, which bu a private entrance to Rowona-paraae. I Tho premises aro situated near the proporty of Bia Honor Judgo Pohlman, fronting the most beautiful part of the Richmond- paddock ; and tho building having been built with the vlow of addi- tions thereto, could with email expenso be converted into a private divelllnghouse or into an hotel, drug- gist'«, or linen-drapor'a shop, for either of which pur- poses the sito and situation aro admirably adapted. Lots 2, 3, and 1, adjoining lot 1, each contain a frontage to the Punt-road of 80 feet by a dopth of 78 feet. The whole of these lots aro well suited \- tho erection of private houses, having Frontages to Richmond Paddock. t The advantage of fronting this paddock, whian possesses park-like scenory unrivalled by any other locality near Melbourne, is too ob» lou» to require comment. Tho presont is one of tho few remaining opportunities of securing sites in thit peculiarly favored locality. Conveyances pan every two or three minutes throughout tho day, while tho pedestrian can walk to business n Melbourne in 26 minutes. Tho title ' is unexceptionable, and but one remove from tho Crown. Terms : » One-fourth oaBb, remainder by bills at sl\, 12, and l8 months'. Gards to view, and Inspection of plan of locality nay be obtained at the auctioneer's ; or at the resi dence of T. W. Badham, Rowena-parado, Richmond. FRIDAY, JANUARY 26. Corrugated and Plain Galranisod Iron. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their roomB, 30 Colltns-streot west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, An invoice ot galvanised plain and corrugated iron. No» landing, Ex Shepherdess. The attention of the iron trade is invited to the »hove very superior lot of iron. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, JANUARY SS. To Llvery-stablo Eeepors, Oornfactors, Storekeepers and Others. - ' JB. HOUGHTON and Co. aro iuatiucted te . OFFER for absoluto SALE, at thoir rooms, or i-riday, January 28, at 12 o'clock sharp, 2,200 bushels prime Scotch oats 1,160 do do Danish do. Terms Liberal. "" FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. Datos and Sholl Almonds. Ex Leopard, from Mauritius. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL bj a AUCTIuN, at their rooms, 30 Colllns-strco west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, 17 bags Bhell almonda And the remaining unsold portion of a parcel of 600 bags dates. T Tho attention of the provieion trade io particularly invited to the above. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. To Confectioners, Fancy Dealers, and Others. JB, HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL by » AUCTION, at their rooms, SO Oollins-streo; west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, At the risk and on account of former purchasers, Sundry uncleared lots of f-ney goods, suttiottes, engravings, &c.; Also, Balance of Invoice of bonbonB, clocks, Lu. The abovo will bo sold without the slightest rosorvc. _Terms-Catii. ~ FRIDAY, JA?UABT!_. To Wine and Spirit MorcbantB, btoreLecpors, Grocers, Family Dealers, and Others. JB. HOUGHTON and Oo. aroinofcrocted to « OFFER for absolute SALE, at their rooms, IO Colllns-streel wost, on Friday, January 28, at 12 .'clock, Brandies, 12 hhds British dark brandy 30 qr-cuks do do 0 hhds Anglo-Auatralian Co.'s dark brandy 9 qr-caskB do do ¡ 10 hhds Bernard's dark brandy 8 do do palo do [ 2 qr-casks do do 20 do dark French io 100 cases French do. Old Tom. 28 hhds 8« alno and Boord's old tom 110 casos Tanquerty's do do. Wines, ISO cases fine sherry wine, in 1-dozon cases. Samples of the abovo can now be seen at tbc au Moneen'. _Terms Liberal. _ PRELIMINARY NO-TOE. JOSEPH has received instruction: from Messrs. M'Cowon and Co., of No. lurke-streot, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on a early day, The remaining portion of Immigrant-,'boxes an ! luggage, To pay ttoro-ront. Further particulars in a future advortliemont. *~ PRELIMINARY NOTION. In the Estate of F. B. Wallen and Son. By order of tho Official Aislgneo, II. S. bhatv, Esq. > Magnificent Freehold Properly, In Albert-street, Fltrroy-squaic. Also, u Blch Agricultural Farm, Part of the ceiobtated Moroland E'late, 81tnate near the Moonee Pond», about fi mik. fron Melbourne And Allotments at Newport. Io Agriculturists, Markctgardouors, Speculators, an Others, ; WM. TENNENT and Oo. hove recelro « instructions from H. S. Shaw, Esq., OLUuli Assignee In the estate of F. B. Wallon and Son, t< SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on au early day d«e notice ot which will be given, , ?. » A portion of the celebrated Moreland Estate, situât, »boat 6 miles from Melbourne, comprising 3 acres, moro or lets, of rich fcrtilo land. A splendidly situated allotment In Albert street Fltiroy-iqaare, admirably adapted for the ore: tien of flrtt-class residences. And ScYtral allotment« »t Newport. Full partlcuHr», with day of isle, will M>pn Titles guaranteed. Tsim.Llbersl, at Sale. , Sour PRELIMINARY NOTIOR " Balelef Msgiiificont Suburban Allotment, comlstlnir of Acres 2 Roods 11 Perches, In the Choicest Part of St, Kilda, Being Allotment 157 B, ParUli of Prahran. By Order of tho Mortgagee To Gentlemen Inquest of Bitea forPrnateRosidencos, i. ? SpoQulators, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL bv o AUKTION, at their rooms, on an early d-.v. flue notice of »vhich will be givon, By order of the mortgagee, All that most desirable and boautifully-alluated port'on of land at St. Kilda being allotmont 167 B, parlihof Prabian, and containing by ad lncasurtraont 1 aoroB 2 roods 11 perches, as nor Government plan. This magnificent property has n frontage to two Government roads, is situato in about tho bent po- sition In this'favorito locality, and adjoins the resi- dence cfArcuibald Mlohlo, isa., and uthcrs, The auctioneers beg to call Ihe attention of contle- ! men in soarcb of sltea for rosidcuce to this sale a« I this is tho only allotment offering in this most ro ipectable and fast-rising neighborhood. " The titlo is n Crown grant. ! I orras, ¡boral, at tule. j Plans of tho proporty may bo seen at tho rooms of he auctloncors. THIS DAY. Orea Clearing Sale, at Messrs. Miller Brothers Stores, Bond-street. Jnvoicos of Hams, Bacon, Choeso, Oilmons' 8torea, Bottled and Bulk Beer, V» inos and Spirits, plantation Coffee, MauritluR Ration Sugar. To Merchants, Storekeepers, Doalors, and Others. TfT M. TENNENT and Co. have received f^ . instructions from Messrs. Miller Brothers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir stores Bond-street, On. Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, . In concequonco of having to remove to their new premisos,1 No. 0 Queen street, mid to close various consignments, A largo variety of goods, consisting of Grocerioi and Provisions. 20 cases York hams 9 do breon 100 do new Dunlop cheeso, Glaland's 21 do do, Wilts 10 do i hirdtues 10 do i do 20 do Mb. salmon * ? ' 60 do white horrlngs, lu lins 6 do red de, 2 doren do 120 do Farnho's 1-lb. jams and jollies ' 60 do Valernan's do do 140 do Feast's and Whybrow's pickl's 26 du Batty'e half-pint aalnJ oil C6 do do castor do 60 do Colman'« starch 30 do Orlando Jones's do 80 do Brown and Poison's white do 80 do Collman's bluo and mustard 15 do crystallised jujubes, Kclolr's confections, and 1-lb. janis 41 do macearon!, vermicelli, arrowroot, and sago 10 do mixed spice, in fancy boxes '12 do chicory 20 bags native Ceylon coffee 10 ticrcea plantation do 16 cacen Robinson's mixed biscuits, Email tin 6 hales Kent hops CO eases colza oil 20 bslcs Calcutta lines 0 do kenna 117 boxen sporn» candles 60 do Bronc'on do, full weight "60 casks washing soda 13 casks vt hito trench vinegar 10 do golden syrup 68 do dried apples 100 half-boxes layer raisin« 2 tons now and old currant« 2 tone oatmeal ~ " 100 bags English drossed Fatua rino 16 tons Carolina rice, 2 cwt. bags 10 bales groy and brown paper 1 do gro» paper bags 7 coees Windsor soap 10 do lomon peel 160 bags white Chilian hcaub 11 bales 3-bushel bags and woolpack« 200 big« Kauritu« ration Fugar 60 boxes scented orange Pekoo tea, itc. Beer, Wines, and Spirits. 100 c-.sl.i lloaro and Oo.'s bottled porter 76 catk« Berwick's Edinburgh ale 16 do Younger'« do do 20 hhds. Dais's No. 3 ale 9 do Worthington and Robinson'» 60 do Truman'» XX stout 10 qnartcr-cabk« Maro Arnauld's palo brandy , 7 hbdi. U. V. dark uo 200 catos Clunz.au'« palo brand}. No. 0 , 100 do U. V. do do ' 120 do Mare Aruauld'a do 200 do Islay whMy 200 do Pcttr'e old tom 70 ca^ns (2 gallons) gene» a, duty paid 26quartet-csaks Dawson'« Linlithgow, clear color 20 ao Mitchell and Oo.'s old mult, do 16 do li'Karinno'a do 80 do fine mixing brandy 200 cases port mid shorr} »»ino 160 do claret l8 do sparkling hock. Ti is «alo ínsrits tho attention of the trade, the gooda being all of the best and most marketable brands. Terms, liberal, at salo. Observe ! TUUHSDAY, JANUARY 27, At 11 o'clock, At Hcssrr. Miller Brothers' Stores, Bond-street. THIS DAY. At a quuitor to 11 o'clock sharp. At tho Railway Platform. Damaged Mauritius Sugars. Kx Cornucopia. , for the feeacfit of whom it may concern. WM. TENNENT and Oo. aro instructed . to S1ÎLL by AUCTION, at the Rallwiy Shed, on Thur.doy, January 27, at a quarter to li o'clock sharp, 100 hags (moro or less) Mauritius sugars More or less damaged. Ex Cormioopla To bo sold for thu benefit of »horn ¡t may conecrn. Ternisat ssle. Observe-This day, quartor lo 11 o'clock. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28 In the Estate of Walooit, Lande, and Co. Sale of the Kn'iro Stock-ln-Trade, hy order of tlio Official Asslgueo, H. 8. Shaw, Etq. To Wine ana Spirit Merchants, Grocers, Storokoeptrf, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. have received s Instructions rrom the Oaioial Aealgnoo. H. 6. .Shaw, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colline-atreet, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, Tho entire i-took-in-trado in the Insolvent osUto of Walcott, Lande, and Co, consisting of & great variety of good3. Including Brandy and old tom Whisky and gin Bottled r.lc mid porter She rrj and port witio Hams and bacon Rico Mauritius sugar, and Sydnoy and Ccsstporo crys- tals Tra, coilee Bottled fruits and pickles Split peas Oatmeal and pearl barley Sardine«, iinttiisli Salmon, herrings, bloaters, &c.; 1 Confectionary, Ac. And many other articles too long to enumerate. This unreserved sale merits the attention of the trade. Terni», Llboral, at Sale._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. The Whole of the Stock-in-Traelo, Book-Debts, &_., in the Estate <_f Walcot, Lande, and Co. By Order of the Official Assignee, H. S. Shaw, Esq. To be Sold in One Lot. WM. TENNENT and Co. are inatmcted a by H. 8. Shaw, Esq. to BfiLL by AUOTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, , In one lot, The whole of the valuab'o stock-in-trado of Wal- cot, Lando, and Co., grocer», storekeeper., Ac. ; also, tho book-debts. If the above are not disposed of in this manner, it «ill ho subdivided and sold lo lots to suit purchasers. Telina at Salo, MONDAY, JANUARY 81. On the 1'remlies of Charles William ¡Stuart, of Prahran. Household Furniture and Etlects. WM. TENNENT and Co. have received a instructions from Alex, Laing, Esq., Official Assignee, to SELL by AUOTION, on trio premises ot IC. W. Stuart, Orevllle-street, Prahran, on Monday, January 31, at 11 o'clock, A qsautity of household furniture and effects in the above estate, _o__isting of- ' Sofa, mabogr.li} tables Chairs, eai pots, hearth rugs Work-tables Bedstead and bedding Washstaiid and drcBsing-tablcs Lool-lng-glaBtes, And Ytrituinppurtonances. Terms-Cash._ "" PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Furniture Dealors. -.xtcniMo 8alcof 200 Cases of American Furniture. In course of being landed. i AG. W.COMBE will SELL by AUOTION, a In hie rooms, Collins-street, on an early t,J* Ex Golien Horn, 200 casts of American furniture, consi.tlug of Bedtteads, tablet, chaira, bureaus, chests drawers, ÍÍC. Full rarticulars and terms in futuro advertise- ment._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. 40 Barrote Patres Currants. 20 Oases York Hams. , AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTION, a in hit rooms, Oolllna-street, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, ' 10 barrols P&tra;» currants 20 cases York hams. All in good order. And tojbe Sold Without Resort 0. . " SATURDAY, JANUARY 2». At the Railway Station, oppoBito the Booking-office '' Fllndert-Btreet. 1,000 Feet York Hearths. To Builders, Masons, and Others. A G. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION. a at the Ballway Station, FUnders-tWeej. opposite the booking-office, on Saturday, January ». \ tMUm rubbled York hearths, fc #fc " " ^ '" Bo" lying at above, and to which the attention «I lvildtrs »awini ,and all concernid ii directed. r Ko Btserve. -Î i IBIS DAY. *i *?" 3? SP»1»*-»«"«', th« residence of til« tate Comte Lionel de Moreton ChabriUan. ¡Jorunu de, nance. I Ull¿ ST »nel v^?îïle Household Furniture, | ?Ihrer Plate, Bed and 'rabie Linen, Office Furniture, Ac, Also, Invoices of Rich Perfumery, Saddlery, French Shawls and Dresses. Operatlo Music, ice AG. M'OOMBE ia instructed by Edonard . f «o». E»Q-,"executor of the late Comte Lionel oreton ChabriUan, Consul do France, to BELL »y AUCTION, at the deceased's late residence, No. 11 f p/ing- slreot, nearFliaders-atreet east, on Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock, Tho whole of tho household furniture, silver plate, avolceBof porfumory, saddlery, French shawl« and dresses, operatlo mualo, &o.;, belonging to the de ceaied, and consisting of 1\. Dinlugroom Furniture. 1 mahogany telescope dining table, with caco for' sparoleaves 12 mahogany chairs, hair seating 1 mahogany sideboard 1 gasalior 1 comploto dinner Berrico Teaandcoffeo «eivices Oat crystal decanters and wineglasses, &c;, in variety Carpot,&c.; , 2\. Drawingroom Furniture. An elegant and valuable rosewood cottage piano i forte, by Krard, with certificate of guarantee Suite of drawingroom chairs, couches Easy chairs, &c.; 1 largo rosewood table Card and chess tables 1 elegant gasalior, four burners Dargo mirror 1 white marble clock New carpet, window blinds, lie. , \- 8 Silver Plate and Plated Wa Silver deasert forks and Bpoons So dinner forks and spoon« Do tea and gravy spoons . .Do cruet stand i Do sugar basin, cream jug, &c.; Do coffeepot'.,! ?? < Do sugar-tongs, butter knives, &c.; Platea vogetable dishes and covers Do spoons, forks, te» pot, ¿io. i r i ii. Bedroom Furniture. Iron bedstead and bedding ' "Mahogany wardrobe i ¡ Bo chest of drawers Do dressing table with marble top Do waihatand, marble top Rosowood whatnot Foot and plungo baths, window blinds, carpets, &o.; 5\. Office Furniture. Writing-table, chairs Book-shelvos, letter-caso Inkstand», carpet, table oloths, clocks Bust of Empress Eugenie, books, &c.; | 6\. Hall aud Stab Furniture. Hats, oilclothB (new), gas-lamp, stair carpets and braes rods, Seo. 7\. Bed and Table Linen, and Wearing Apparel, | Tablecloths, table napkins, towels, So. White and colored shirts Do do silk socks Flannel morning suit« New boots and shoos and clothing. 8\. Kitchen Utensil«. 1 complota cocking-stove ' Table, chalis, filter Cooking utensllB, &c.; Servant«' bods, &c.; Knives, forks, spoons, &c; 1 cago and threo ilvo King Goorgo'a Sound parrots 0\. Invoice of Perfumery. From tho eolobrated houio of Detuarson Fottt, Paris. LUC, J 60-1 case, 21 boxoa, l8 dozen, aromatic vlnogar and lavande ambrée 61-1 do, 67 boxes, 81 doten, cxtraot eau de Co- logne, eau dentífrico, and various essences 62-1 do, 10 boxes, 22 dozen, various and rich extracts and oseences 68-1 do, 51 boxes, 28 dozen, c.cam of almond«, extracts for handkerchief« 67 parcels of valuablo and hlghly-jccnted soaps. 10\. Invoico of Saddlery. 1 caso, containing 1 comploto set of double har- ness, of \orj superiur quality, &o.; 1 do, contain!!-]; l set of dogcart harness ldo, containing 1 ltdy'« aaddlo and gentleman's do, complete, whips, &c.; 11\. Invoice of elegant French Shawls, newest fashion, From Bertram, Carllet, and Co,, Paris. LUC, § 3-1 caso, 10 cartoon B each, 12 Algerleno shawls 1-1 do, 120 Algerleno ehawls 6-1 do, 120 do 6-1 do, 1 cartoons each, 80 chonille shawls 2 cartoons, containing 12 samplu ehawls 6 do, containing 6 grenadino urosses, »ery elegant. 12\. Invoice of Opora Ilusio. 1\. Opora La Traviata, consisting of 6 parts or volumes for malo voices 3 do for female do l8 do for 10 instruments 1 complote volumo for pianoforto. 2\. Opera Rlgoletto, coniistlng of 9 parts or volumes for male voice« 8 do for female do 16 do for l8 instrument« 1 do for pianoforto. 8\. Opera 11 Trovatoro 21 partB, for 28 instruments 1 do, for stage decorator 1 do, for pianoforto, i.e. The auctioneer requests the particular attention oi famille« to tho ahovo unrOBerved silo of valuablo anc rew furniture, the wholo having boon purchased lost than two months before tho doath of Count do Cha brillan. Tho auctioneer desires also to direct the attention of the trade to the valuablo Invoices of per- fumery, saddlery, French goods, oporatlc niUBlc, ice which will ho submitted to salo rn thoabovoocca lion. Fnrthor particulars and terms at Bale._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. 03 Drums Turnentino. Now Landing, Ex Magna Bona. AG. U'COMBE will SELL by AUOTIOi a In his rooms, Colllns-stroot, on Frida] ary 28, at 11 o'clock, Rx Magna Bona, IOS gallons turps, in drums of 6 gal'ons ca-h. Now landing lu tho best order aud condition. ?Terms-Throe, months', acceptances, subject to til vendor's approval. The attention of palntors and otbors is cnlloil to th parcel, now landing, and will bo ready for delis ery o day of sale. MONDAY, JANUARY Bl. Unreserved Salo of 100 BagB Gram, Kx Titania áG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTION a in his rooms, Colllns-Btreot, on Monday ary 81, at 11 o'clock, i MB, Ex Titanls, , 100 bags gram, each l ewe. All guaranteed in good ordor and condition, and To be told for account of whom it may concern, Without Reservo. THIB DAY. Positive Salo of Houto and Land. Aftor which, he Whole of the Household Furniture will bo Sold To all who requiro A neat Ihroo-roomod Brick Cottage, With Land 25 x 80. RO. LUSCOMBE will SELL by PUBLIC » AUOTION, on the premises, on Thursday, January 27, at 12 o'clock, That noat and newlj-bullt houso, called Primrose Cottage, situated In Dark)} -street, at tho north- west corn or of Carlton- gardonB. It contains twe rooms, with a passage through, aud kitchon at the back. The auctioneer has told tho proprietor's city pro- perty, who Is on tho eve of departuro for England, and therofor. this, his privato residence, mutt bo sold to the highest bidder. Tltlo, flr*t class Terms-One third ca-.li, tho balance «lthln 10 days. The household furnlturo cooslBtB rf Chests of drawer« bedsteads, feather bod, mat- tresses, chilli s cot, and the usual parlor, bed- room, arid 1 Itclien requisite* Tbo whole to bo sol 1 to tho highest blddor. Terms-Cioh MONDAY, JANUARY 81. South Yarra. Positive Salo of Threo Five-roomed Brick Cottages. By ordor of the Mortgagees. RO. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUO . TION, on the ground, on Uond»y, January 81, All thoso five-roomed brick cottages, recontly occu- pied by Messrs. Smith and Studwick, Cirollne. atreet, South Yarra. The land is 00 foet frontage by 100 foot in dopth, and the cottages stand baok IO feet from tbo road, and, being situated on the brow of the hill, a view of the Bay can be obtained from tho windows. Full particulars can ho obtained of the auottonoor. Terms, liberal, to bo declared at salo. $0 Swanston-street. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. - Dockor-ttreet, Richmond, on tho Hill, And Swan-streot, Richmond's leading thoroughfare Peremptory bale of Threo Cottages and Two fine Bnslness Bites, in Richmond. RO. LUSCOMBE baa íeceived inatruo » lions to BELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, on tho ground, on Wednesday, February 2, at 12 o'UooJr iharp, ' 1st. A four-roomed weatherboarded .veil built houso, standing on land 88 feet to Decker-street, on tho hill, and »range of stabling at tho back. See placards on the premises. 2nd. A frontage of 83 root to Little Ollftoii-itrcct, on the bill, by is depth of 00 feet, situate Imocdiotoly at tbo rear of the Dockor- ttreet proportj. 8rd. All o'clock, on the ground, nearly opposite tho Royal Saxon, SC feet frontage to Swan-street, by a depth of 76 feet to a right-of-way near the Bridge 1th. .be two neat two-roomed cottages at tho back ot the above frontage, with outhouses, standing on land 26 x 90 feet deep. The auctioneer wishes to call spécial attention to this property, it being all tenanted, in good repair, ard returning a nice little Income, lilli w11 ¡be placarded on the property. Term», Libera 1 declared at time of Bale. ' THIS DAY. 87 Cues INK Matches. J LYONS and Oo. will SELL by AUO a TION, at their mart, Bourke-atreet, on Thura* l January 17. at 11 o'clock, cases INK matches, In flrit-ntt. «OBditlOB, 26 1 gre is a cue. Stitt» at Rale 1 THIS DAY. To Furnishing Ironmongers. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUO 0 TION, a ttho New Commercial Sales Room, on Thursday, January 27, at II o'clock sharp, 100 sots teatrays._ .,_____-_, 26 do, o\al and convex _ gross table spoons 3 do desserts 3 do tablo forks S do dcsiort do , 25 caehboxos Block tcapctB and graters. All to bo sold without reserve. TormB-cash. _ II o'clock sharp. THIS DAY. To Fruiterers and Othors. - < 17 Sacks French Walnuts. J LYONS and Oo. will SELL by AUOTION, a at tholr mart, Bourke-stroot, on Thursday. January 27, at 11 o'clock, 17 sacks French walnuts, Without reserve. Terms-Cash, THIS DAY. To Furnituro Dosiers. LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUOTION. » on Thuradaj, January 27, at 11 o'clock sharp, 1 hales of superior velvet-pile hassocks. ¡ Without roBen e. _Terms-Cash. _ THIS DAY. To Furnlturo Dealers. LYONS and Oo. will SELL by AUCTION? o on Thursday, January 27, at 11 o'clock sharp, 2 clothes presses 2 bedsteads 2 clocks 6 largo tents Odo oron-bars And a lot of useful sundries. Terms-Cash. J FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. To Watchmakers, Jowollors, and Other« 800 Gold and Mlvor Watches, CO Clocks, Musical-Boxes, and a Quantity of Jewellory To bo Sold Without Reserve. J LYONS and Co will SELL by PUBLIC . AUCTION, at the Now Cominorcinl Salo Room«, on Frldaj, January S8, at 11 o'clook sharp On account ot tho owner leaving for England, A »ery BUporior lot of gold and ti I» or Icier«, brooches, clucas, rings, mutlcrl bo\c, dia- mond lings, mourning rings And A »ery superior lot jowollcrj Without the least reserve. lorniB-cash N B- J L would call the particular attention of tho trade, is the goods must bo sold to tbo highest bidder. _ TBIDAY, JANUARY 28. For tho bonoflt of whom It may concern. ' T LYONS and Co will SELL by AUC «J « TION, at tho Now Commercial Salo Rooms, ] Somite street, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, 1 caso wtx dolls 1 do crlbbago boards and chessmon. Also, A quantitj of Rimmol's perfumory, Ex Northern Crown. _Moro or les« damaged by soawatcr_ MONDAY, JANUARY 81. To Clothiers, Drapers, Warehousemen, and Othors. 77 Bales and Casos of Soft Goods. J LYONS and Co. have received In a structlons from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Now Commercial Salo Rooms, Rourke-street, on Monday, January 81, at 11 o'clock sharp, Tho folloving goods - Doo and twcod trousers Do sacs Do lests Crimean shirts, half hose in great varloty Gentlemen's flannel shirts and drawers . Regatta EhirtB, uhito do Silk hindkerchlols, boaufort tics Carpet bags, leather do Solid lsathor trunk« Hannon», felt hats r French braces, belts Scotch Will «hirts Mole trousers, cord do T ircod caps, ladies' straw hats And A very largo lot of goodB To bu «old w'tbout reserve. At 11 o'clock Bharp Terms, Liberal, at Sale._ PRELIMINARY NOTICE 100 Trunks Superior Seasonable Boots and Shots Manufactured by HeBtrs Jas. Davies and Sons For Positive Salo Now in course of landlny, ox Great Britain TpBASEB und COHEN have reoeived in t» structlons from tho Importers, Messrs. R. lltnm« , and Co , to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on an early day, duo naloo of which will bo g1» cn, ( T. and Co , M under, 100 trucks superior seasonable boots and shoes, comprising menV, women's, and children's (¡oods of ivtiy dciuiiption Now lauding, ex s s Groat Britain, And r i pi tittie unrcBsried sale Full particulars, with dato of a»lo. In a fow days i Terms-Under ICO!, cash, above that anm, bj t»p | preved acceptnticos at throo months' PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 62 Cases of Saddlery. Ironmongery. Plated Wiro. Ex Pianct. Foi Unroscrvod Silo. TjTBASEBand COHEN will BELL by AUO X 11ON. at the Mart, on an early da., due notice of which Hill be given, Ex Planet, P in circle, 1-02 at side, C2 cites, comlstiug of Portable children's porambulators V< ood screws Halt-tester bedsteads Brougham lamps, stained glass Cutlery Cast Iron kitchen grateo All ovcr-hogskin gentlemen's saddlos Do ladies' embroidered do Waggonors' wlilpB elliott'* pons Electro-plato destert dishes i Do note and euko batkots De dlshcovors III ck- tln do Wove iron wiro cloth lattice wire Registered Iron trays Dlnlngroom grates, polished bar.. Alto, London-built wicker dogcarts, patent springs and mall axles, lancewood shalts. Torres at Salo. THIS DAY. Two Iron Stores, at the corner of King and Jeffcott strools. FRASER and COHEN have received in- structions to SELL hy AUCTION, on the ground, corner of King and Jeffcott streets, on Thurs- day, January 27, at 12 o'clock, A substantial two-.tory Iron store or dwoUlnghoute, wood lined throughout, with Btrong cast-iron columns Dimensions, l8 foot frontago, 82 feet elcpth. Also, An iron store, 16 by 80 foot. These stores ara now oreoted at corner of Ktng and Jeffcott streets, and to persons desirous of commenc- ing business on tho diggings or Hues of railway, they oller an opportunity íarely to be met with. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. , 40 Crate* Atsoited Crockery. . THBASEB and COHEN will 8ELL by AUO JP TION, at tho mart, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, ( Ex Tasmania 10 crates of earthenware, consisting of- '? Breakfast cups and saucers Plates Dlthes j Bowls , Jugs Mugs Chamber sots Ycllonwaro. Terms at Sale._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. 25 Cratos Astortod Earthenware Plt&SER; and COHEN will SELL by ATJO TION, at their rooms, on Friday, January 28, j at li o'clock, 26 crates assorted earthenware, manufactured by1 W Adams and Sons, and oomprltlng,- I Dinner tori iocs i Breakfast ware Jugs Toilet ware Cupt and saucers Platos, fee. Terms at Salo._ I FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. 80 Cases of Countor Coffee-Mills. I Brushes. 1 Feet French Stones. Tinware. F BASER and COHEN will BELL by AUC- TION, at tho Mart, On Friday, January 2b, at 11 o'clock, 30 casca of , ' Countor cofloe-mille, with bags and hoppers ' Black counter do Do box do Do post do I Beam-mills Ccruerushers Double hand hruthts 1 foct best French stones Tinware i < Aborted Ironmongery. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. On account of whom it may concern. Ex Emma. 2 Cases Wrltlng-Papor. FBABEtt and COHEN bavo received in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Trlday, January 28, at 11 o'olock, On acsount of whom It may concern, Ex Emma, M, M In diamond, O and M on tide, 2 caiet writing-paper, consisting of Large thin blue wove post Do creamlald do To thick do ' . Blue wove medium bank do , I __ iddlc cmc-lald pott, tui, 1 Tetms- CMh. j FRIDAY, JAUUAHY S& ^ 26 Cask« Assorted Glassware. FBASEB and COHEN will SELL h» a nT SS catt» assorted glassware. , _Term» at gale. TUKSDAY, FEBRUARY 1. Io Capitalists, Trustee«, and Porteos Beekmr n_ Oíais and Safe Inveitmont«. "*" Important Sale by Auction Of one of the Finest City Properties ever Offered in Hclbonra. UnequaUed Opportunity """".. For Purchasers of Property In tho most Central Pari Ellzabeth-itrcot. That Well-known Hostolry the City Arm» Hotel, Situate at tho Oornor of Elizabeth and L* TH*. Streets. % ?tM* Shop« and Other Buildings. Fronting Ellzabeih-itreot. Two Allotment« fronting La Trote-street And, Four Allotment«, Frontizg a Blght-of-Way off La Trobe-jtrcet TCIBASEB and COHEN have W JP fsvored with lnatruotlon« from John L'enT? Äq., to SELL by AUCTION, on tSTJ_ cn Tuesday, Fobruary 1, at 12 o'clock, «nv^t The following valuable olly properties, «buii-ldtd Lot 1. , Allotment of land, having a frontage of 13 rut 8 inches to Elizabeth atriet, by a depihoilMi frontage along LaTrobc- streotof8î roetOuwïïï on which is erected that subrtantiaUy.hmluïi storied brick building known a. the CH,i_ Hotel, together with the stab es, outbuildiS? &c;, the wTiole being one of tho most comforucS and convenient publichouics in the cilv Lot, 2. " ' Allotment of land, having a frontage to Eii_.ii, street of 28 feet 8} inches, by a depth of 8> iS 2 tachos, cn which is ereoted a two-ttorlod ¿H* shop, at preiont in tho occupation of Mr. EdS Smith, a« a leather warehouse. 7 DX*ui Lot 8. Allotment fronting Elizabeth-street, 26 feet na inches, by a depth of 82 foet 2 Inches, on vrtilchfi erected a weatherboard building, in the oeéoi_ tion of Mr. J. c. QrasBio, as a provision store i Lots 1 to 0 baveeach a frontage to Ell"beth-str«et of 28fal SJ Indies, by a depth of 82 feet 2 inches. Lot 7. Allotment oi land has a frontage to La Trobc-streit of l8 foot Hincho«, by a depth or other fronu« of 61 reot 0 inches along a right-of-wayij_ wide. This allotment has also a rigbt-oi-uiTii the rear of 12 feet wide. rM Lot 8. Allotment of land, having a frontage ot l8 feet ii inches to La Trobe-atrcet, by a depth of 03 feet > inches. Lota 9 to 12 have each a frontago to a rlgbt-of-w ay 12 fen "JJ, leading from La Trobc- atreet, 01 28 feet B3 IDCIUL by a depth of 87 fcot 10 intho«. ^ The auctioneers, in placing the above splendid tra. [cities before the public, deem It only neceuuvta call attention to the advantage In point of sltusU» which it possesses in belrg situated In th« mort tustltng tboroughfaroin Melbourne, and consequent], e ffeilng an opportunity for investment in ia mi doubtedly Improving locality which but rarely ritin. The hotel, situate on allotment No. 1,1s well tal i ubstantlally built, is one of the best-known h«W. tie« in Melbourne, repleto with every convenient«. nnd so situated as always to command a firitntj business. Tho shop, erooted on allotment No, 2, le tita i first-class building. Iht allotments are all admirably situattd for bail. net* purposos. Plans of the above may bo teen at the roorai he aucttonoors. _ Terms, Liboral, declared at Bale. THIS DAY. ' At 12 o'clook. On the premisos, lato Homerton House, corner c1 Qardinor't Crook-road and College-street. Sale of Choice Poultry, &c.; T GIBBS bas received irstructions from a the proprietor (who Intends veiling England) to SELL by AUCTION, on the prémices, corner0/ Gardiner's Creek-road and Collogc-stroot, on Ttuut iay, January 27, at 12 o'olock, All those very ohoice and raro poultry, compiblsj-. Importod Poland sllvor-spangled fowls (very its), imported Dorkings (como of the finest In lbs colony), puro white coobina (prlzo birds, TUT rare), thorough-bred buff do, hatdsonio .'sot Spanish fowls (prlro birds), pure grey inrkejs, black do, guinea fowls, peahens, white pres- sant cock and hens, pigeons, Hutc.vy ducti, \- remarkably Btnall and vorybandsomo ¿antill», common fowls, rabbits, ¿Vc. ; ptir of tame kin garoos, varioty of hencoops and pens, poultrj basket«. After the sale of poultry, A quantity of building material-, chest of too., firewood, wator-taok«, and sundries. Can bo vlewod any day boforo the sale on appila« tlon to the gardener. , Thomas Gibbs, auctioneer. N.B. Tho house to let, togethor with the fine garden, «ow In full cultivation. Rsnt very modorato. Apply IV. Tullldge, house and land agent, 60 Little Colline street cast, next City Folleo Court, Melbourne. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. At 11 o'clock. On the Premises, late Homerton Ho.u«e, corser of Cardinor's Crook-road and College-street. T GIBBS has recoived instruction, to a SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the fré- mîtes, askbovo (by order of 1)10 proprtotor wholotonds Tbiting England), on Friday, January 2S, at 11 o'clock, A very superior assortment of household furni- ture, including elegant carved chiffonnières, loo and other table«, chairs, chlmuny tua other glasses, couchos, in satin-hair, very si. perior plated waro, oil paintings, engravings, pair of globes ; window curtains, no1«, in. bands, complete ; plaster busts on peileiuls, codar and iron tour-post and other "El- stead-, feather-hods, blaokots, mattretici, sheets, counterpanes, pillows, and oh-jt« ct drawers, &c.; ; togethor with a geuoral assort- ment of dlningroom and kitchen utensils. Also, Six-seated phaeton, with shifting shafts and pole, for one or two horsor. Thomas Gibbs, auctioneer. N.B. The House to Lof, togother with tho ni Barden, now in full cultivation, Rent vory niodert'C. Apply W. Tnllldgo, houta and land agent, 60 Lltli Collins-street cnBt, next City Police Court, .Hol- bourne. _ SATURDAY, JANUARY 29. Sale on tho Ground, In West part of Bt. Kilda, at 3 o'clock, Close to the resldcncos of W. Kaye, Esq. ; A. "auf. Mann, Esq., Hanoverian Consul : - Baldwin, £«7., and other Influential inhabitants. The land is situate in Southey-stroot, and is clou to the Bay. EDE CABLE baa recoived inütruriiou. a to BELL, without reserve, on tho grossi], bouthey-street, St. Kilda, on Saturday, January ii, 6 allotments of land, beautifully situate, with frontages of 00 fcot, by depths of from 180 to U) feet, and well adapted for building first-elm residences, as a flnovlowof tho Bay !B obtains! from every allotment. A flag It placed on tho ground to denoto tho spot. Terms-Quarter cash ; balance 3,0, 0 months'. Tillo,ono romovo from tho Crown._ MONDAY, JANUARY 81. On the Ground. Balo of Valuable Froohold Properties By order of Mr. W. Campboll, who Is about pro- ceeding to England. TCI DE CABLE bas been instructed by Mr. l~i_. W. Campboll, who Is about proceeding u ' Ssgland, to Sf-LL by AUCTION, on the ground, 04 Monday, January 81, Without rcsorvo, The following valuáblo properties : Lot 1. At 11 o'clock. All that pioce cf land adjoining tho Mi-Chcsts: Inn, Little Bourko-stroot, and having afror.U« to Llttlo Bourke-streot of 17 feet by a depth« £0 foot, togothor with tho oroctlons thereon, cot sitting of shop, two rooms, bakeboute, (Vc. Lot 2. At 1 o'clock. CO allotments of taad In the beat part ol tho rapid); Improving townthip of Bruntwlck. Thojroiiul is tituato high and dry, and command, a .Oat view of the surrounding country. On one ol tu allotments fronting tho Bydnoy-rosd Isortcttdt substantial stone house, with outbousos, te. Parties wishing to invest aro rocomntoDded 10 em" ¿hase sorao of thoao allotments, as in a short tint they aro likely to bo double their prêtent valut ¡i«J as the proprlotor Is leaving the colony, they WISH mott posltltoly told to tho highest bidder. Title, flrst-olass. Luncheon provided. Tormt at sale. Turther particulars to bo obtained of the auctioneer, at bit new land, catato, and share agency olBct«, w Kllsabeth-Btreet._ TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1. Great Bale of the hlghost and bost-sltuattd Lind ia . the Important Town of Footscray. 3Tor po«!tIvo and unreserved Balo, at 1 o'clock, eo va Ground. ,",».. Ireo return ticket« will bo obtainable at tie M. tlouocr's offlcoB, 78 Elizabolh-streot. EBE CABLE has been intónctoá If . tho proprietor toSELL, on lueiday, Febrat 1 1, at 1 o'clock, ' Without rcsorve, ,"-rf,u S6«Uotmonts of land In the very but nsr.«'1 Footscray, adjoining the Roman »ThoJlc raw-J and Raliway station, and «««»«í1"* ¡SnW enchanting vlow conceivable. Tho »J*B7¿,S St. Kilda, Melbourne and milos ronnel m» seen from'thl» lovely «pot, and the,Aii(«M»M « only five minutes from tbemetrepoH». neai manta aro so subdivided as to suit all partly » will be put up, with the option of.«a««« »** Tnu every allotment will positively besoW. Xejmi.-Quarter caih; bills, throe, six, W". Months'dato for balance. »'. "»£'**." Champagne lunohoon provided on the grimme Free return tickets for 12.80 train. ..",""" Full particulars and plans »» Ç0 anouon. land and estate agency room», 78 ElltaMtn ±-" SALE P08TPONED Until 2 o'clock Saturday, the »» 'Ä1^,, On lecount of the proprietor not being »we .»? up possession, .,* Q3X-BOOM COTTAGE under **"* D». furniture of »A1g°.ntlem»n *«.*M OÍ..,»8"? o'clock, South W*Uft «.» * C)»b-li . "SES 