VICTORIA. Oar files by the Admella extend to March 30\. The following are extracts:— LuaAX Af BoramsNXS.—It was rumoured yesterday in well-informed Quarters ths* w B. Noel, Esq., Crown Prosecutor at General Sessions, has been appointed Chief Commis sioner of Insolvent Estates. We understand that Mr. Justice Poblman will shortly take his eeat on the bench of the Supreme Court, a* the locum tenens of Mr. Justice wiUtfttna, who is about to proceed to England ou leave of ab sence.—Argus, March 26. Representation op Richmond.—The Speaker issued a writ on Wednesday for' the election of a member to serve in the Legisla tive Assembly in the place of the Son. George Samuel Evans, L.L.D-, who has s>v*<nfr»ri the offices of Commissioner of land and Survey and President of the Board of T-nii and Works. The day of nomination is for the 2nd, the day of polling the 6tlu and the return of the writ the 12th of April. The place of nomination is St. Stephen's, Rich mond. Philosophical Institute op Viotoela. The members of the Philosophical Institute of Victoria held their annual dinner at the Criterion Hotel on March . 26. The festival was not nearly so numerously attended as on the previous anniversaries, and the absence of many gentlemen connected with the University whom we arc accustomed to observe on such occasions was noticeable. About 50 gentle men sat down to table. Dr. Hfnell^r the President of the Institute, occupied the chair, supported on his right by His Excellency the Governor, Mr. O'Shanassy,' Captain White, Rev. Dr. Bfeasdafe, and Mr. Miller; and on his left by Major-General Macarthur, Captain Bancroft, Professor M'Coy, and Dr. Evans. Dr. Tffla officiated as croupier. Me. John Thomas Smith's Knighthood. —At the meeting of the City Council held on Monday last, the Mayor, in answer to a question pat by Councillor Kerr, said that the reason of the non-presentation to the Governor of resolution arrived at by the City Council relative to Councillor John Thomas Smith's not having been knighted by Her Majesty was, that he had _ received a fetter from TT« Excellency's Private Secretary, miring for further information prior to receiving the deputation. The information required by IBs Excellency was, the -mmna by which the City ^ Council had arrived at the conclusion that it was in the absence of a precedent that Mr. Smith had not been knighted by Her Majesty. When the subject was nnftpi* discus sion in the City Council, a fetter written by Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton was frequently referred to, several members of the Council stating that they had seen it. It appears that this fetter was written by the Secretary of State for the Colonies to Mr. J. T. Smith prior to his departure from Europe, and assigned as the reason for that gentleman not having, been knighted, that Mayors of corporate towns in England occupied a position different from that of Mayors of colonial cities, inasmuch as the former had certain prescriptive rights, and there was no instance in which - a. colonial Mayor had been received and recognised as participating in those rights. Thfe is under stood to be the purport of the fetter in question, which is now in the possession of Mr. J. T. Smith, but which, if the City Council intend to persevere in their resolution, will have to be produced, in order to furnish the informa tion required by His Excellency.—Argus, March 28. Importation op Bbitish Game.—The fol lowing is from the Geelong Advertiser of March 29:—"Mr. Ogilvie has just received (consigned to Mr. Thomas Austin) a fine lot of English game, accompanied by a careful experienced gamekeeper, both from Somerset shire, per the Pioneer. The original consign ment was very considerable—about 100 par tridges, a few hares, the 'pheasants which have safely arrived, and some more which died on the voyage out, and Borne blackbirds and thrushes. Unfortunately the partridges could not stomach the brine. They all sickened and died before they had been three months oat at sea. The hares, too, died, but more from frefcfulness at want of room than of any specific disease. Several of the pheasants and of the singing birds died also, but 28 pheasants (pretty evenly mated) and two blackbirds and a thrash have landed safe and hearty." Sudden Death of De. Eabley.—An in quest was held before the City Coroner, Dr. Youl, yesterday, at the Immigrants' Home, on the body of Henry James Earfey, the Snperin tendent of that institution. Erom the evidence adduced, it appeared that the deceased gentle man had been subject to headaches for several years, and that on Monday night he went to bed apparently well, with the exception of a slight attack of his usual illness. On Tuesday morning his housekeeper went into his room and found him lyiBg upon the floor breathing veiy heavily. She immediately gave the alarm, and medical aid was at once sent for. Dr. Robertson deposed to seeing deceased, Whom he found quite insensible. Restoratives were at once applied, bat without effect. The cause of death was apoplexy. The Jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence.— Herald, March 30. The Melbourne Clubhouse.—Works are at present in progress for the drainage of *t»« establishment, and as they are, in feet, the initiative step to anything like a sewerage system in Melbourne, they are not unworthy of attention. A deep shaft has been rank at the junction of Sussell and Collins streets, and from this a drive has been extended to the Clubhouse. About 50 yards from Him first shaft a second one is bang sank in Russell street, and when sufficient depth has been attained a drive will be pnshed to the first shaft. A drive will also be made down towards the Ysna, hut the tunnel will-only be con tinued for a short distance, as Hm rapid decli vity will admit of-an open cntting-being made. Through the tunnels and cntting so pipes will be laid, and the drainage will be thus conveyed to the River Yam.—Argus March 30. * Supply op Gab to North Melbourne. The gas mains intended for the supply of the supply of the North Melbourne district are being rapidly laid down, and it is hoped that the streets of this suburb will shortly be lighted by gas alone. This will be a great boon to the inhabitants, who on dark 'blights walk in peril of their limbs from the number of cuttings and obstructions caused 'by the "improvements" reoently made. Araus March 30. The "Eotn& Jib" Case.—A meeting of the Jockey Club'was held yesterday, at which it was derided, by a majority of .14 to 5, that the evidence taken with reference to' the dis qualification Of Elying Jib should be published. —Argus, March 30. ' Distribution op Animals.—We learn from private fetters received by the late that the Australian colonists .in England who con tributed a considerable sum- of money to pur chase the alpacas and to forward them to this colony, are still actively engaged in like enter prises of a patriotic and useful character. A Sub-Committee of the Australian Association has been formed, consisting of Messrs! Went worth, Westgarth, E. Stephens, Fitzgerald, and Yonl, to co-operate with Mr. Edward-Wilson, and eaoh member of the Committee -has sub scribed £25. Circulars have been issueB, with the.view of enlisting more extended sympathy with the objects sought, to be effected! The first efforts will probably he directed to the introduction of salmon into the rivers of Aus tralia, Tasmania being selected as' the nursery where artificial propagation will;be' attempted. —Argus, March 25. - Gift to Burns's Nieces.—A meeting was held on March 24, at the AlbionTHotel, Bourke-street, for the purpose of fairing Bteps to raise amongst the admirers pf Burns in this, colony a sum in aid of the subscription being msed in Scotland, with A view to add som£ thing to the very scanty income of the 'Missea Begg, the nieces of the great poet. Th£ atten dance was not-so numerous as nugbthavebeen expected. The Hon. James Stewart^ M.L C. was called to the chair. Itr was then deter mmed to issue 200 copies of the rirerilar re omved from Scotland, Willi subscription-lists, attached; and the meeting lmvixig.'cansidered some minor details in Cfommittet£ tenanted afterthe usual oomplimentto tim OhaSnnaiu The New Tbeasury.—The "newTreasnrr now m course of erection on thePirifiament Reserve, at the eastern fend of ColliHwtie*. will, when completed, make a to the architectural ornaments of .tteSifeii? Melbourne; arid although/itsTmihriljllSsri» not be Imped for in a less period: than. IE months, still sufficient of ITin fiisitten fee, been erected to show that no'ebS3ki*de> has been displayed in tbB 'drijmT Sa style <rf architecture selected bylfr; J. JL Clark, the architect^ is the jPlorantme^ the mat being what technio&Ify; teemed a "recessed arcade," formed by a number of semicircular arches spanniug between two columns. Each column will be of a single block of stone, 13 feet in height. The eleva tion of the structure will be 70 feet, its length 200 feet, and its width 55 feet. The general divisions of the building will be larger than those of any other structure in Melbourne, and, in fact, larger than are usually seen in offices of this nature. The windows and bays are of considerable size, and the three principal entrances to the edifice are each 5 feet 6 inches . . in width, and 12 feet 6 inches in height. The new Treasury will contain a gold office, the audit office, a residence for the Treasurer, the usual provision for clerks' offices and a range of stables, concealed by terraces—in all 100 rooms. The basement story is constructed of bluestone, and is entirely fireproof; and in a strong room in this part of the building will be placed bullion and money lodged in the Trea sury, as also the most important of the Govern ment records. The walls of the basement are of enormous strength. It has been generally supposed that colonial freestone is too brittle to bear any great strain, but Mr. Clark has deter mined, entirely to his own satisfaction, that this is a misconception, and has allowed freestone to be used to cover very large spans. The •tone is used in very large blocks, and the door cornices, which will be 10 feet 6 inches in length, will each he of a single block of free stone, and supported by single bearings. The average thickness of the walls will be 2 feet 0 inches. The total cost of the structure is esti mated at £75,000.—Ar/pis, March 30. The Postmaster-General.—-It was ru moured in town yesterday, says the Argus of the 25tb March, that the office of Postmaster General had been offered to Edward Cohen, Esq., of the firm of Fraser & Cohen, auc tioneers. Public Libeaey.—The new wing of the Pnblic Library is rapidly advancing towards oompletion, and when finished it will contain one of the handsomest and most spacious rooms in Melbourne, aud afford accommoda tion which is urgently required by the daily increasing number of readers who resort to this institution. Large additions have recently been made to the Library, which now includes some of the most valuable illustrated works of art that have issued from the European press. The Trustees have issued a circular inviting suggestions relative to the works of art which it is proposed to purchase with the £2,000 voted for that purpose, and a meeting of artists is about to be called in furtherance of the same object.—Age. Clipped Coin.—Several Sydney sovereigns are now in circulation which have been all more or leBS clipped. In many cases as much as a seventh of the actual weight has been taken off each coin. A day or two since a shopkeeper, who received one of these sove reigns, was unable to get more than 17s. 6d. for it.—Herald. Thb Sulky Gully Nugget.—A party of ten Chinamen, working in some old ground at Sulky Gully, last week, came upon a nugget of pure gold, weighing 96£'ozs., value over £380. It was shown to us by Messrs. Wittkowsld, the gold brokers, aud is as free as possible from any alloy of either earth or quartz. It is flat, about the size of a man's open hand, and about half au inch think.— Hallarat Star. The Argus adds the following particulars:—" The nugget found by some Chinese in old ground at Sulky Gully is de scribed as being in shape something like a shoulder of mutton, and is quite free from quartz. The finding of this nugget has led to the belief that the true gutter was only struck in a few claims when this gully was first worked." A subsequent telegram states that the nugget was sold for £377 13s., its precise weight being 96 ozs. 10 dwts. Cbickexebs' Ball.—A ball, in celebration of the victory achieved at Sydney by the eleven Victorian cricketers, was given on March 24, in the Exhibition building. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Mrs. Timmins, honoured the ball with his presence. The company, which numbered about 300, included several members of both branches of the Legis lature and their ladies, also His Worship the Mayor, and a large number of the elite of the city and neighbourhood.—Argus. Thb Portland Boad Board Frauds.— Many things have come to light since the de parture of Chisholm which afford evidence that his dealings with the Boad Board funds are not his first attempts at fraud. It appears he is well known to the police of Melbourne, and that he has figured in some very awkward affairs there, in one of which he was the cause of a woman being shot and a man being hung. We understand also that a warrant has for some time been oat- against him for embezzle ment in another quarter. The Chairman of the Board has been in communication with the head of the police at Melbourne, aud a war rant goes home by the Emeu mail for his ap prehension. Yery little doubt is entertained that he will he secured and brought back.— Portland Guardian. Ballarat.—On March 28 a digger named JobnBon, at the Back Creek, murdered his wife in a fit of jealousy, and attempted suicide. Mrs. Johnson was a young and handsome wo man. She left her husband, and went off with a bulloek-driver. The husband brought her back, and, on returning to the tent, a quarrel ensued. Johnson nearly cut his wife's head off with a razor. The neighboura, looking in at the tent-window, saw him kneel down and kiss the murdered woman, and then get up and cut his own throat with the same razor. The body of the unfortunate woman was removed to the Daisy Hill Hotel, awaiting au inquest. The man was carried to the Maryborough Hospital. Turf Club Bacrs.—Although both weather and sport were all that could be wished, and a general impression prevailed that Bis Excel lency the Governor would again be present, the second day of the Turf Club Autumn Meeting (Thursday, March 24) presented but a scanty assemblage. For the Maiden Plate ell the 10 entered were weighed for. With a few exceptions a more ragged regiment could hardly have been turned out. Coach and cart horses aud weeds appeared to vie with each other, the latter being slightly in the ascen dant. Notable exceptions, however, to the " awkward eqnad" were the winner, Praxiteles, a three-year-old colt belonging to Mr. P. G. Keighran, hitherto badly trained and never before brought fit to the post; and the favourite Bobin Hood, a powerful chesnut horse, whose merits have until lately been concealed in the bush—an animal with eveiy point of a race horse, and rejoicing in a giant stride. Want of condition, however, told against Mm after the first mile and a quarter, and, although he answered ; both whip and spur at the finish, Bobin Hood was perforce content with the fourth place. This horse will he heard of again on the Melbourne turf. The Town Plate was presented to The Moor (Mr.W.P.Simons's bLg.), with the Stewards' compliments; and the Free Handicap, about which there was a large amount of speculation, fell to the lot of Mr. H. Phillips's gr.g., Gaffer Gray, a previous winner of no inconsiderable stakes, and brought to the post in almost perfect condition by Mr. Coleman. The Handicap Hurdle was a splen did race,, and so closely contested by Modesty and Kinchin up to the-third fence from home that until the latter fell it was impossible even for tbe most practised to declare the victor. On the third day (Friday) the attendance was far better than on either of the previous days. A steeplechase appears to be what theatrical managers would style the best "draw" of all the events of a meeting; it never fails to attract an extensive muster of eager spectators. It was the first race, and a veiy satisfactory one; no accident of moment occurred, the leaps were well and boldly taken, aDd two at least, of the quadrupedal competitors were sufficiently closely matched to afford an exciting contest for the first place. Although the winner (Mr. Henderson's Wild Irish Girl) was not pressed, yet Hector O'Halloran fol lowed in her wake too assiduously to enable any confident prediction of the result to be made until the winning-post was almost gained. The clouds of dust which marked the track of the horses spoiled the view of this race, as well as of those which succeeded it. Mr. H. Fisher's Young Shamrock was third; well up. Eveiy one thought that the Turf Club Cup was a gift to The Moor, and eveiy one was wrong. The black horse was in one of his per versehumours, and would not step out for some time after starting, spite of the judicious endeavours of his rider, Mr. Bond, who was •opposed to he riding a waiting-race of his own free will. and selection, but who . was, in fact, only waiting on the temper of his hone. Finding that gentle means were unavailing, when the matter became urgent— no time to spare, and an awful gap between him and his opponents—Mr. Bond tried stronger measures; but The Moor appeared to have no idea of winning a race which he seemed to have predetermined to lose; so, though he condescended to step out for a time, and pass both his antagonists with wonderful rapidity, he managed to mar all by attempt ing to bolt precisely when it was most particu larly neeesaaiy that he should go remarkably •traight, so giving Alice Hawthorn a chance, of which the steady old mare was not slow to avail herself. The mare was loudly cheered as she passed the Judge's chair; a mark of appro bation which both Bhe and her rider (Mr. Fraser) deserved; but certainly when some •tupid disappointed people attempted to hiss the loser, they betrayed alike bad taste aad lack of discrimination. There was no discerning person who witnessed the race but must hare felt that everything was done for The Moor, that good jockeyship could do, and that he lost simply because it was his pleasure to lose and, such being the case, nothing would turn him from the " career of his humour." The other events of the day call for no special re mark. Gaffer Grey won the Turf Club Handicap, Arnot Lyle the Sweepstakes, and Peter the Consolation Stakes. An extra day was made on Saturday, when three races were run, viz.:—the Publicans' Purse, the Booth holders' Handicap, and the Hack Hurdle Race, which were respectively taken by Sultan, Green Linnet, and Orlando. Me. Coppijt at Baixaeat.—Mr. Coppin made his last appearance at the Theatre Royal, Ballarat, on March 20, in the comedy of "Sweethearts and Wives," and a faree. At the conclusion of the entertainment Mr. Coppin appeared before the curtain in answer to a general call, when the members of the Committee; acting on behalf of the charitable institutions of Ballarat, through Mr. Carver, their Chairman, read an address expressive of their obligation for the kindness he had shown in augmenting the means at their disposal for purposes of charity. Mr. Carver also pre sented a diamond ring, in the name of a few gentlemen who desired to offer a more solid token of their esteem. Mr. Coppin, in acknowledging the compliment, said:— " Ladies and Gentlemen — I beg to acknowledge this special mark of your favour, and congratulate you on the satisfac tory result of my efforts, and am sure the gratification experienced in the distribution of so much assistance to charitable institu tions will more than counterbalance any little annoyance I may have felt from the remarks of some portion of the press. I have carefully read all the articles that have been written in opposition to my appearance, arid must candidly confess that I have not met with one single argument that at all preju dices the position I have taken, or is at all in keeping. The attempt to criticize the speech I made to you at my first appearance by the Artjnx carefully avoids the fact that the Legislative Council consists of gentlemen also following their avocations; neither does it touch upon the object for which I have appeared. After indulging in a vulgar com parison between an actor and a public execu tioner, the whole gist of the remarks appears to show a desire to prove that the member of Legislative Council who excites laughter outside their walls must necessarily excite laughter in the Legislative Council. (Cries of "No, no.") Now, I really think the marked attention you have paid to me gives the argument a flat denial. Five minutes ago I was appearing before you in a most ridicu lous character; I now occupy a place on the same boards—partly in the same dress, aud yet I am heard with strict silence and consideration. I know very well that the press possesses great power. No one can deny that, and that its in fluence is most beneficial when properly used. Its conductors also have the power of inserting letters from themselves to them selves, purporting to be from others, their correspondents, and thus establishing a case for themselves, of which they get the benefit, a6 being the opinion of the public, when they are only pronouncing their own individual opinions in a different sort of way. Now, this can scarcely be opposed to a requisition for me to act signed by 500 to 600 citizens out of your really small community, or the unanimous marks of approbation awarded by over 5,000 visitors to the theatre during the past week; and so long as the other members of the Legislative Council follow their own occupations, I think it an act of injustice to disqualify me from following my profession, make it inseparable from contempt, and take it for granted that I should transfer the peculiarities of my profession to within the walls of the Legislative Council. I think you agree with me that it is a gross act of injustice to thus select me for condemnation. I will now proceed to a most agreeable part of my duty. My arrangements with the managers of this theatre were the usual ones of a star—namely, a clear half of the gross receipts. Indeed, I think this arrangement has not been most beneficial to the house— for, after taking away the half for the charities, I am sure there is not sufficient left to pay the expenses of the management. The gross receipts during the week have been £524 2s. Half of that is £262 Is., which will be handed over to the charitable institutions in this place. The Committee have determined to divide the proceeds between the Hospital and Benevolent Asylum; therefore each Insti tution will receive £131 Os. 6d., without any deduction for expenses. (Cheers.) Ladies and gentlemeu, my present efforts have, I trust, given you some pleasure and done some good; and trust I shall have the satisfaction of doing the same thing annually—(loud cheers) —for if I enjoy good health and the same pros perity, it is my intention to pay you a yearly visit, and devote six nights to the benefit of your charitable institutions. The Argus of March 29 says:— There has been very little activity in the import markets to-day; small parcels have changed hands at fall prioes. Floor has moved off rteaiu'y in small lots, at fiom £30 to £21 per ton for Adelaide, for good country to best town brands. Samples of the French flodr, ex Ville de Montpellier, have been shown, and have excited mnch attention from their extraordinary fiueness. Butter and oatB have been quiet, the recent arrivals, un expected so far as the majority of second houses arc concerned, having rendered the market heavy for the time. The following are from the same paper of the previous day:— The Mills.—A brisk trade has been doing through out the week. Importers having advanced their prives, the trade have supplied themselves from the local mills. Quotations have continued unchanged until to-day, when some of the millers have advanced prion to £10 'or first, and £18 for second per ton, whilst others continue to sell at £18 Ids. a&d; £L6 10s. per ton. Haxall is quoted at 43s. to 44s. per barrel. iVheat, 7s. 9d. to 8s.; and bran. Is. lOd. to 2b. per bOBhel. Flour and Grain.—The Jtiur market has been in a somewhat excited state. Some holders of Adelaide sorts have raised their prices to from £21 to £12 i0<. per ton, others, seeing the impossibility of procuring these rates, have held aloof; meantime the millers have kept the trade well supplied at £18 10s. per ton for fiist'flour. As, however, some of the mills have to-day advanced to £30, Adelaide may be quoted as worth £ 0 to £21 per ton. Haxall and Gallego, in small lots, are procurable at from 43s. to 43s. per barrel. Wheat is in good demand at from 7s.6d.to8s.Sd.per bushel. Oats—Small par cels for consumption are in fair demand, but sales to any extent cannot be effected. Scotch aro quoted at 4s. 9d. to 4s. lOd.; Irish prime black, 6s. to £s. Id.; Danish, 6s.; Californiou, 6s. 3d.; Calcutta, 4s. 6d.; Colonial, 6s. 61. to 6s. Arrivals continue to come to hand freely from Calcutta. The Lqslia (360) has arr.ved to-day from Odessa, with, it is reported, a full cargo; -and as three other vessels are reported as on the war from that port with similar cargoes, the prospect for holders is somewhat gloomy. Barley continues very doll of sale—Califernian is worth 3s. 9d. to 4s.; colonial grown Cape, 4s.; English, 4s. 6d. per bushel. Maize ie stall in fair enqnby, and saleable at from 5s. fid. to 6s. 9d. per bushel. Gram ie in more moderate enquiry, arrivals and paroels expected have rather overcast the market, and caused a slight downward tendenoy in prices. Bran is in good demand and of ready sale, at from Is. lid, to 2s. for Adelaide sorts. Horse Market.—There has been bat little alteration in this marketduring the week. There is etill a good demand for colts suitable for the Indian market, also for carriage homes and hacks, but the supply is very roe. The races have interfered with business during scarce. The races have interfered with business during ■the week. Large mobs" were brought forward on Hon day and Tuesday, which tended to reduce prices, but ou the whole we think the market is likely to be good for Live Stock.—The market has been fairly supplied, but of, sales, owing to the race week, there have been very few. Only one let of really prime was offered, which sold at 25s. per 100 lbs.,'or bullocks, £3 to £1110s, aud £7,10a.to £9 for caws; second quality and middling, 18s. to 23s. per 100 lbs, or £i to £7 Us. each for bullocks, and £110s. to £510s. lor cows, inferior sale able only at store prices. Hay Market.—The supply continues considerably greater than requirement, and sales were with diffi culty effected at last week's rates. The number of loads at market has been 449 during the week. A few loads of prime ha; have brought £8 10s, but quotations are— Good hay, £7 10s. to £8; second class, £6 19s. to £76s.; inferior and stained, £$ to £8 10s. per ton; straw, £3 to £310s. per ton. Wool, Tallow, and Hides.—Messrs. dough £ Co. held a sale of wool by auction this week. The quantity offered consisted of 345 bales, of which 287 bales were disposed of at well-sustained prioes. The Oeeloug Advertiser of March 30 thus reports of business at the commencement of the week:— There wss a Tair amount of trade doing in Geelong yesterday, and for some few articles holders are getting a shade highev, bat, as might be expected, where ad vanced rates are asked purchases are limited to actual aud pressing wants, and in this we tbink buyers show Wisdom. With over supplies of everything pouring in upon Melbourne bom all quarters, it would be unsafe to calculate on even present prioes being long maintained for any one article of import. The following are the quotations for the principal articles of consumptionFlour—'Tasmsnisn, none; Adelaide;£19 10s.: Victorian, £20; wheat, 8a.; eacke, 13s. per dozen; woolpacks, 4s. each; oats, colonial, 6s. 6a. to 6s.; do. Scotch, 4s. 9d.; potatoes, £3 to £310s.; twine, Is. per lb.; bran. 2s. per bUBhel. 