'Z^HTnyRfilE SERVICE OF1800. mnJSy, Melbourne, October 21,1859. , J tvATER,--TENDERS will borecolvoi 1 ,Jn on Friday, Novembor 11, from per f 'ÄniUli SOPf-LIESof COAL, WOOD. SWlnTuc!. quantities as may bo roqulral n Smment Storekeeper, on behalf of the Go 7 during 1! calendar months, cominoaoln j fy ffiKi Sitios at which thoso supplloî Äcd tÄ with conditions and printed «ftTl obtained Irom tho Govorn SIte£v Holbourne, tho Chlof Horbour 8ÄSwn and th'o Stlneudiary Magls ,MM*^aa Í80 my infomaUonwm MÄÄor«Joeted sepamtoly, but tí for mci, Melbourno, must coniprfso tha AtaîeS Tenderers are required to Insert 8 m S rich locality or department. ? K Äd? in IlobsoS'« Bay may state Artlcli tho contractor will supply patont SeiiùVlcadof coals, lor the steam sloop Vio ""ta «Hl bo entertained unloss accompanied Ali from two responsible persons that thoy Ä become bound as sureties ¡nany sum SnÄTnd.ed pounds for the due fulfil ?Äntract; and, In tho ovont of tho tondor LSr'Anil must ho executed w thin ten fiCliicli, tho contract will bo again adver S'AX-ïnd tholr proposed sure j^herivith tholr addresses, must boßtatod at Ars must bo enclosed in a soparato onvolope, Ser for-" (as tho caso may bo), and Ucd I" »i« tondorWat the Government KlmT-strcet; or, if sont by post, they must bo dtotboOoiornmont Storekeeper, Molbourno. Government will not necossarlly accept tho teSon'Äo Government will be modo known S6ih No\ einher, 1850. ByIllsExceUe,.oJ'sComma,¿u.aHAiiKERi TSDERS FOR THE SERVICE OF 1800. Treasury, Molbourno, Octobor 21, 1859. IVISIOXS, So,V tho VIOTORIA.-'näNDERS 1bo received until noon on Friday, Uio lltb. Am persons willing to SUPPLY PHOVL !.nd OTHER ARTICLES in such quantities as bo required for uso on board tho STEAM p VICTORIA, from tho 1st January to tho 31st taoïconditions, scale of ration, and soliedulo of rcaulrcd, together with printed forms of tondor, e obtained ftom tho Oovornmont Storokoopor, omalso any Information will be afforded to por mtywlli'be required In tho amount of £250 for ilSlmcnt of tlio contract ; and tho bond must ho d Into within ten days from tho datoofaccop falilng »hl:h, tho.contract will bo again adver- ar another tender accented, tenders must Includo tho harbour scalo, and the of Ita tea stores. Tho charge por ration In ir ii to bo stated ; and for sea stores tho prico of rticlo, In which tlio valuo of packages must bo «I «hellier bulk 1» broken or otherwise. leis aro to bo endorsed, " Tender for Provisions, sloop Victoria," and to bo deposited in tho box Gmemmcnt Stores, or addressed to tho Go lent Storekeeper, Molbourno, GoTcmmcnt will not necossarlly accept tho or any tender. ilcci-icn el the Government will bo mado known ¡Sith November, 1869. Pi Ills Excellency's Command, _GEO, HARKER. Treasury, Melbourno, Octobor 21, I860. IERAIS.-TENDEIÍS will bo rocolvcd until icon on Noiomborll from poisons willing to STAKE FUNERALS as may bo rcqulrodi a renl departments of tho Government during iris», «I tlie undermentioned places : »urne (Including Collingwood, Pontridgo, W11« imito» n, mid Hobson'» Bay). jug «id suburbs, nie prices must bo stated for chlldron under IO I ige. und lor adults ; ono sum la to bo named b, including interment and ministers' foos, con e, and all charges. ¡oder rill bo ontcrtalncd unloss accompanied by lote from two responsible porsons that thoy ling to liccomo bound as sureties for tho duo it of the contract. The amount of security re- fill bo-For Melbourne, one hundrod pounds ; Geelong, fifty pounds. 1er particulars and printed forms of tender obtained from the Government Storokoopor, rae, or from tho Stipendiary Magistrate, Goe >n are to he endorsoc], "Tender for Funerals, mc," or " Geelong " (as tho coso may bo), and eposltcd in the box at the Govornmont Stores, tssed to tho Government Storokoopor, Mol Joicmment «111 not necessarily accept tho ir any tender. ecislon of tho Qovernmont will bo modo known imber 25,1859. By Ills Excellency's command. _GEO. HARKER, Treasury, Melbourno, Octobor 21,1869. T for SANITARY STATION.-TENDERS rill bo received until noon on Friday, the lit ti «¡r. from persons willing to SUPPLY FRESH «auch quantities as may bo roqulrod at tho IF.Ï STATION, P01HT NEPËAH, during rlSfO. owl lo bo of tho vory best description, and ta end In foro and hind quartors alternately, on omtho Surgeon-Suporintendont. ratraelor or his agent must resido at Point ,isd should ho fail to supply whon required, it »ill bo otherwise procured, tho oxponso over irethc contract prico being chargeable to tho ttl itjulll ho required in tho sum of £100 for duo nt of the contract, and tho bond must bo Ho within ten days from the dato of accept- ai uiformaiion may bo obtained from the mint Storekeeper, Melbourno, or from tho ¡otar in charco at tho Sanatorium. truro lo bo endorsed, "Tondor for Moat, Sanl itlsn," and to bo deposited in tho box at tlio meut Stores, or addressed to tho Govornmont iepcr, Melbourne. ¡Gournment mil not necessarily accept tho lor any lender lecision of the Qovernmont will he mode known Sith Xoi ember, 1859. Hu Kwelltncy's Command. GEO. HARKER. Trosury, Melbourno, October 21,1850. MINES, S.c.-1'ENDEns will bo received. :li' noon on Friday, November 11, from porsons foFtltUflSII MEDICINES, ko., In such quau « maj bo required for the sónico of tho Go- at during 12 calendar month?, commencing on act conditions, schedulo of artloles roquired, noted lorms of tender, may bo obtained from Iff Medical Officer, or tho Gol eminent Storo , by »horn also any information or explanation alibrdcdto porsons tendering. tendT must Includo tho wholo of tho articles «d In tho schedule, and ono prico must bo for each article, «lue ol nil ¡ndiages, whether bulk bo brokon .must be Included in the pricos demanded. len« «III be entertained unless accompanied mitote Irom two responsible porsons that thoy »tot; lo become hound as sureties in the sum of or tiic duo fulfilment of tho contract ; and in ent of a tender being accoptod, tho bond must rated »Ullin lOdaya ; falling which, tho contract again ud\ crtlscd, or another tender accoptod. »nies ol tho tenderen, and tholr proposed », lowther »ltli tholr addresses, must bo stated length. tenders must bo endorsed, " Tender fur Uodi «, and ho deposited In the tender- box, nt jemment Stores, Klng-stroot ; or, If sont by ttej must bo addressed to tho Government «per, Melbourne. Oournmcnt will not necessarily accept the cr any tender. decision of the Government will bo rando on ¡member 25,1859. Bj His Excellency's command. _GEO. HARKER. Tni?*SÏÏKvUolb(mrno> October 21,1850. K5°'ÍES.-TENDERS wllt DOr°<!oivcl toKS"Î'MW. November n, fr0m porsons » walsh tlio undermentioned SUPPLIES in Storllî5 mny *»> inquired by tho Govern. »toekeepcr, 0,i behall of tho Govornmont, «calendar months, commencing on January , ., , Amount. «.£?.. . 0,l50oorlty ipcbindlorv . . ^fX iforlighthouses, &o.; " " " fgg T tapcry, nrlsunora. cIolnIng ¡^ m fe', plumbers', and gliutlora'W Jto and »hocmakorB'' materials '. '. 200 ^.ndeanvas .. '.: " fgg wndearthemiaro .. " " 10Bn udnnnÄ19' «'¡?í»l«»"o! «i'o articles re form.»T cnt ^'orckeepcr, by whom also «r* A«Pla»at">« wl» bo afforded 2 ,o| iu$\J¡ stock ,?,' aUtlonory Is In store, ' Ä,^0r0?w."1 »w«"*onlod anopnor: Äd on» nh£wh0,° ?lth0 «tides therjln Tbialü» "rprn° ".""t00 »M11* for ewh «' no «y S fSH«?. whothor bulk be I. The Ät«e,\ni:luica,l,ltl10 Pricos do "ChJZ, »i'tliouses Is to be Jollvored, eich ' e rro" dtu"u averaging 6 to 15 SÄni0, Ttfrta,no?. ¡"»<«« accompanied taS to bTÄT'p.°"'lbw P0T0118 that they iftH^ bom'd,"M8urotIcs In tho surra le eton1158(duo, Tiniment OI the oontraet ; «bocxceuJi'l^ïn bolne accoptod,-the ""W »ff,í'° x? toy* : falling which, «opted U agtlln ""vortlsed, or onothci ',CthtrWÎHÎc,,i,ll<îr'ira,î,lu or their proposed "jw»« with their «ltlrossM.muatlDOBtatidi "t»Sbt!lc^od,'n » «eP"ate envelope. d'» to tende7hkv(M»'.5° îî86 m»y b8)'ani «ó ^ «ro?0V'n,l,lcM wm h" "»lo known ^Jai) EiceUency's Command. 0 EX», HARKER, i tat Jen Treasury, Melbourne, October 21,1869. . MILK.-TENDERS will bo received until noon on Friday,NovemberTírírora-porsons willing ti feUPFLY MILK, in such quantities as may bo rc cnircd, at the LUNATIC ASYLUM, YARRA BENP, from January 1 to December 81,1800. The milk must be of tho best quality, and is to be delivered upon order of the officer in charge at ti o Asylum. Security will bo required in tho sum of £100 fir the duo fulfilment of tho contract ; and tho bond must be ontercd into within 10 days from tho ac- ceptance of the tender;' failing which, tho con- tract will bo again advertised, or another tender ac- cepted. Further particulars and printed forms |of tender n-ny be obtained from tho Government Storekeeper, Melbourne. Tenders aro to be endorsed, "Tondorfor Milk, lunatic Asylum," and to be deposited in tho box tit the Government Stores. Tho Government will not necessarily acoopt tho lowest or any tender. Tho decision of the Government will bo-mndo known on Hovcmbor 25,1850. By His Excolloncy's command. _'_GEO. HARKER, Treasury, Molbourno, Ootobor l8,185D. TENDERS will be recoived until noon on Tuesday, Novembor 20, from persons willing to SUPPLY FORAGE in such quantities as may bo required for the servlco of tho Government at tho Bovoral Police Stations throughout tho colony during 12 calenelir months, commonclng on January 1,1800. Schcelules, showing tlio estimated consumption, and pi inted forms of tondor, may bo obtained from tho Covorroncnt Storekeeper, Molbourno; or tho officer in chargo of the police al each station, by whom al«) ar v information will bo afforded to persons tendering. (Signed)_GEORGE HARKER. Ofllco of Chief Inspector of Distilleries, Immigration Offico, King-strcot, Melbourne-, "J Juno 13, 1860. ?XTOT1CE to WHOLESALE DEALERS in WINI", IX SPIRITS, or FERMENTED MALT LIQUOR-, nnel BREWERS. Notice is hereby give«, that all persons dealing as abovo, In quantities of not loss than two gallon", upon which tho duty; has boon paid, unless rcglstomt in accordance with tho Acts 13 Victoria, No. 20, and 20 Victoria, No. 4, aro LIABLE to a FINE of £30. Certificates of registration will bo granted by ti o Clerk of tho Bonoh at tho nineo nearest to the reii dence of such dealor at which a Court of Petty Ses- sions is established, within a district duly proclaimed ?under tho Act, or at tho offlco of the Chief Inspector of Distilleries, at tho Immigration Office, Kiiicr f-treot ; and any person who sliall not have duly paid the legal fees of registration into the Treasury, or to a receiver of revenue, will bo deemed or taken to bo a person not registered within tlio moaning of the Act. LESLEY ALEXR. MOODY, _Chief Inspector of Distilleries. Ofllco of Chlof Inspector of Dlstillerios, Melbourne, July l8,1860. REWARDS for tho DISCOVERY of ILLIC11" DISTILLATION. It is hereby notified that rewards in amount from £10 to £60 will bo givon for such information in may lead to tho dotection and conviction of per- sons engaged in illicit distillation. The rowards will vary in amount in proportion t'i the importance of tho seizure, will bo payable imrncdl . atclyupon conviction boing obtained,and will boin addition to tho portion of tho fino or of the proceeds of the seizure which by law is to bo paid to tho porson affording tho information. Information to be givon to tho Chief Inspector of Distilleries, at his office, at the Immigration Office, King-street, Jlclbourno, or to any officer of policu (Icing an inspector of distilleries) throughout tho colony. LESLEY A. MOODY, Chief Inspector of Distilleries. Government Stores, Melbourne', October 28,1869. TENDERS, scaled and doscribcilns "Tendorsfor, du.," will bo rqcelvod until 12 o'clock on Tuesday, November 1, from persons willing to SUPPLY tho undermentioned ARTICLES for the service of tho Government. Every article to bo of tho vory best and mOBt ser- viceable description, and subject to approval. Particulars and printed forniB of tender can bo ob- tained on application at this ofllco, and notification will bo given to the persons only whoso tondcrs accepted. d4 reams yellow vvovo royal paper, 341b. (to sample) .6,000 deed wafers, largest sizo 1 sot rods for measuring vessels 100 feet girting chain 10 brass thumlscrowa (to sample in Marino Yard) 8 rcllovlng tubes, copper (do) 6 self-acting valves, gun metal (do) . l8 brass screw oyobolts, with brass thimbles (do) 10 do do oyobolts (ilo) 3 brass pipes, with coupling (to specification) .100 yards India cocoa matting, open work *C0 do American watorproof duck (to sample) 1 American two-wlioel hand-cart 2 drum heads 1 oight-day tlmcplcco for office. R. NASH, Government Storekeeper. N.B. Samples will bo required of tho articles marked thus*. Department of Lands and Survey, Melbourne, October 26,1869. CONTRACT SURVEYS.-TENDERS will bo re- çoivent at this offico until noon on Friday, No- vember l8, for SUBDIVIDING into ALLOTMENTS tho following BLOCKS of LAND : A block of land containing 20,142 ncrcs and 3 roodi, adjoining the River Loddon, about 16 miles north-west of tho township of Sandhurst. A block of land containing 12,250 acres, situate In the county of Polwarth, from fi to 0 miles south of Winchelsea, and about 25 miles from Goolong, near the River Barwon. Full particulars can bo obtained at this ofllco, anil at the District Survoy Offices at Sandhurst ami Geelong. By His Excellency's Command. G. S. EVANS, Commissioner of Lands and Survey ' Public Works Office, Molbourno, October 20,1850. TENDERS will bo received until 12 o'clock on Tuesday, November 8, for a LINE of ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH BETWEEN MARYBOROUGH, BACK CREEK (AMHERST), and CLUNES. Full particulars at this oflico. G. S. W. HORNE, " Commissioner of Public Works. Public Works Offico, Molbourno, Octobor,28,1859. TENDERS will bo received until 12 o'clock on Tuesday, Novembor 16, lor a COURT-HOUSE at PLEASANT CREEK. Full particulars at this oflico. G, S. W. HORNE, Commisilonor of Public Works. Public Works Offico, Melbourne, Ootobor 20,1869. TENDERS will bo recoived until 12 o'clock on Tncselay, Novembor 15, for ADDITIONS to GEELONG GAOL. Full particulars at this oflico. G.S.W. HORNE, Commissioner of Public Works. Public Works Olllco, Molbourno, October 20,1869. TENDERS will bo received until 12 o'clock on Tnosday, November 16, for a COURT-HOUSE at CRESWICK. Full particulars at this office. G. S. W. HORNE, Commissioner of Public Works. Public Works Ofllco, Melbourne, OctoberBl, 1859. TENDERS will bo rocoived until 12 o'clock on Tuosday, November 15, for FENCING LIGHT- HOUSE RESERVE at RABBIT ISLAND, Belfast. Full particulars at this ofllco. JOHN 0. KING. Commissioner of Publie Works. Public Works Offlco, Melbourne, Ootobor 28, 1869. TENDERS vvill bo recoived until 12 o'clock on Tuesday, Novombor 8, for CORRUGATED IRON FENCING at RICHMOND COURT-HOUSE RESERVE. Full particulars at this ofilco. JOHN 0. KING, Commissioner of Publie Works. Public Works Olllco, Molbourno, October 31, I860. TENDERS will bo received until 12 o'clock on Tuesday, Novombor 22, lora COURT ol PETTY SESSIONS at SNAKE VALLEY. Full particulars at this ofllco. JOHN O. KING, Commissioner of Public Works. Fiiblio Works Oflico, Molbounie, Ootobor 81,1859. TENDERS Will bo recoived until 12 o'clock on Tuesday, November 29, fora COURT of PETTY SESSIONS at OMEO. Full particulars at this olllco. JOHN C. KING, 1 Commissioner of Publiu Works. Gonoral Post-office, Melbourne, October 1, 1850. CONVEYANCE OF MAILS, 1800.-TENDERS aro horoby invited, and will bo received until noon of Tuesday, November 15, 1860, for tho CONVEYANCE of POST-OFFICE MAILS, as undermentioned, for ono year, from January 1 to Deccmbor 31,1800. All tondors aro required to hu written on the pre- scribed form, printed coplos of which may ho liad gratuitously on application at any Dust-ofllco In tho colony, and must bo forwarded (If by post, propald) addressed to the Hon. tho Postmaster-General, with tho words "Tender for tho Convoyanco of Mails" en- dorsed on the oovor. Tenderers aro requested to describo by thoir num- bers, as bolovv, tho mall services for which they tendor. Ever}' tendor must boar tho bona fide signatures of lho tenderer, and ol two rosponBiblo porsons willing to become bound with him in doublo tlio amount of tho contract for the duo performance of the service. Persons tendering aro requested to stale wbetlior they nroroso to convoy the malls on liorsobacfror hi II carriage; in the latter cuso thoy aro to statu tho ilci-criptioii of vohlclo they Intend to uso, mid tlio number of horses by which it is to be drawn. In tho pcrfonnanco of tho (.orviccs numberod l8, 32, anil 47, contractors will ho roqulrod to provide free eonvejanco by evory journey for a mail-guard, an eifliccr of tho l'ost-ofllce, who will have Bpeolal custody e>f Hie mails iii course of transit. In cases where it may nt any tlnio bo practicable to convoy malls by railway, a rateable reduction will bo ruado in tho amount of the contract, and contractors vi III bo required to take up tho mails at any part of the road to which ruilway communication may oxteud. lho malls to (Surtlcinalno, Sandhurst, Maryborough, Heathcote, Ballaarat, Echuca, and Moama, and be tviccn Sandhurst mid Runnymede, will be required to lie convoyed by night. Tlio Government will not necessarily nccopt tho love cet or any tender. SERVICES REQUIRED. 1\. To and from Molbourno and Prahran, by way of Howth Yarra, thrco timos a day; with a branch wail to «nd from South Yarra and Malvern, bv wav of Toorak, daily. 2\. To and from Melbourne and Richmond, tinco times a day ; with a branch mail to and from Rich- mond and Kew, by way of Hawthorne, daily. S. To and from Melbourne and Collingwood, thrco tiwtnatlay. 4\. To and from Molbourno and 'Pentridge, by way of Brunswick, daily. 6\. To and from Melbourne and Bulla, by way of Tullamarino and Broadmeadows, daily. 0\. To and from Melbourne and Preston by wa of Northcote, dally; with branch mails to and from Freston and Whittlesea, by way of Janofield and Yan Yean, three times a week, and to and from Freston and Woodstock, by way of Epping, throo times a week, . 7\. To and from Molbourno and Koilor, by way of Flemington and Essendon, daily. 8\. To and from the railway station. Footscray, and Maidstone, daily. - 9\. To and from St. Kilda railway station and Chel- tenham, by way of Brighton, East Brighton, and South Brighton, daily. 10\. To and from Molbourno and Heidelberg, by way of Alphington, dally. 11\. To and from tho General Post-offico and the railway station, Batman'a-liill, as often as may bo required. \- 12. To and from Cheltenham and Tootgarook, hy way of Frankston, Schnapper Point, Kangerong, and Dromana, twice a week. 13\. To and from Molbourno and Warrandyte, by way of Doncaster, throe timos a week. 14\. To and from Molbourno and St. Andrew's, by way of Eltham and Kangaroo Ground, with a branoh mail to and from Eltham and Greensborough, three times a wook. 16\. To and from Melbourne and Salo, by way of Oaklolgh, Dandonong, Berwick, Pakonham, and Rose da'o, twico a*,weclc ; with a branch mail to and from Dandonong and Cranbourne twico a week. 10\. To and from Salo and Omeo, by way of Stratford and Lucknow, twice a wook, 17\. To and from Salo and Port Albert, by way of Tarravillo and Alborto«, twico a wook; with a branoh mail to and from Port Albort and Welshpool, wcokly. 18\. To and from Melbourne and Beechworth, by way of Campbellfield, Somorton, Donnybrook, Wallan Wallan, Kilmore, Broadford, Seymour, Avonel, Long- wood, Euroa, Violot Town, Benalla, Wangaratta, and Tarrawingee ; with a branch mail to and from Wancr.i ratta and Albury, by way of [Chiltern (and Indigo, daily. The malls to Beechworth not to occupy moro than 24 hours in courso of transit for eight months of tho year, and not moro than 30 hours for tho remaining lour months of the year. 19\. To nnd from Beoohworth aud Albury, by way ' Cf Yochnndandah and Bolvoir, dally ; with a branch mail to and from Yaehandandah and Snowy Creek, by way of Sandy Creek, wookly. 20\. To anti from Beoohworth and Stanley, dally. 21\. To and from Beechworth and the WoolBhod, dally. 22\. To and from Beechworth and Indigo, by way of Chiltern, daily. 28\. To and from Indigo and Wahgunyah, throo times a week. 24\. To and from Beechworth and Buckland, by way of Myrtlo Creek, thrco times a wook. 26\. To and from Benalla and Shepparton, vvcokly. 20\. To and from Longwood and Mansfield, by way ol Merton, weekly. 27\. To and from Broadford and Yea, by way of tho Reedy Creek, tvvico a week. 28\. To and from Molbourno and Moama (N.S.W.), by way of Kilmore, Pyalong, Heathcote, Runny- mede, and Echuca, dally. Tlio malls to and from Moama and Melbourne not to occupy moro than 17 hours In courso of transit. 29\. To and from Heatbcoto and Murohlson, by way of Whroo and Rushworth, three timoi a week. 80\. To and from Heathcote and Sandhurst, thrco times a wcolc 31\. To and from Kilmoro and Kynoton, by way of Lancefield and tho Five-milo Creek, twico a vveok. 32\. To and from tho Diggers' RoBt Railway Station and Sandhurst, by,way ol' the Gap, Gisborne, Black Forest, Woodond, Corlsrusbo, Kynoton, Mahnsbury Taiodalo, Elphinstone, Chowton, Cnstlomaino, Bar- ker's Crock, Harcourt, Ravenswood, and Kangaroo, fiat, daily ; witli branch mails to and from Castle- maine and Maryborough, by way of Muckleford, Haldon, Baringhup, and Carisbrook, daily ; to an I fi om Maldon and Dunolly, daily ; to and iron» Ravenswood ana Lockwood, three times a week ; ana to and from Gisborne and Riddcll's Creek dully. 83\. To and from Sandhurst and Runnyinodo, hy way of the Claro Inn, dally. 84\. To and from Sandhurst and Myora' Flat by way of Eagle Hawk and Long Gully, doily. 86\. To and from Sandhurst and Huntloy (Whip- stick), by way of tlio White Hills and Epsom daily. SO. To and from Sandhurst and Swan Hill, by way of tho Serpentine Crook, Durham Ox, and Korong, twico a. vveok. 87\. To and from Swan Hill and tbo junction of tho Darling, by way of Euston and Kulkyno, wcokly. 38\. To and from Castlemaine) and Newstead, daily. 80\. To and from Castlonialno and Yaughnn, by way Of Campbell's Creek and Fryorstown, dally. 40\. To and from Castlemaine and Creswick, by way ef Strathloddon, Guildford, Franklinford, and King- ston, daily ; with a branch mall to and from Frank- linford and Daylesford, by way or Hopburn, daily ; and to and from Daylesford and Glenlyon, throo tinioi a week. 41\. To ani from Maryborough and Dunolly, daily ; with branch malls to and from Dunolly and Wedder- burne, by way of Moliagul, M'Intyre's, and Kingower, three times a wcok ; and to and from Dunolly and Binnott's, by way of Cochrano's and Jorioho Diggings, twico a week. 42\. »To and from Dunolly and Sandy Crook, by way ef Jones's Creek, daily ; and to and from Jones's Creeic and Newbridgo, three times a wcok, 43\. To and from Maryborough and Ararat, by way of Avoca, Amphitheatre, and Eversley, daily ; with a. branch mail to and from Eversley and Crowlands, thrco times a week. 44\. To and from Maryborough and Ballarat, by way oi Amherst, Back Crook, Clunes, and Creswick, dailj ; With branoh malls to and from Clunes and Glendaruel, dally ; and to and from Croswick and Ascot, daily. 46\. To and from Avoca and Yowon Hill, by way of Navarre, Potor's, and St. Arnaud, three times a week. 40\. To and from Kollor-rood railway station and Ballarat, by way of Moiton, Bacchus Marsh, Pentland Hills, Ballan, Gordon's, and Warronoop, daily ; with branch maila to and from Pentland Hills and Mount Blackwood, dally ; and to and from Ballan and Mount Egerton, thrco times a wook. 47\. To and from Geelong and Pleasant Creek (Deep Lend), by way of Batosford, Lothbridgo, Meredith, Clarendon, Buninyong, Ballarat, Burrumbeet, Raglan, Ararat, Armstrong's, and Great Wcstorn, daily ¡with branch malls to and from Batesford arm the Moorabool, dally; to and from Meredith and Morison's, daily ; and to and from Clarendon and the raliway cutting, dally. 48\. To and from Pleasant Crook and Horsham, by Way of Glenorchy, twice a wook. 40\. To and from Ploasant Crook and tho Quart/. Reefs, daily. 60\. To and from Ararat and Cathcart, dally. 61\. To and from Ballarat and Carngham, by way of Smythe'«, Brown's, Llnton's, and Snake Valloy, dally. £2. To and from Ballarat and Sebastopol, by way of Mount Pleasant, daily. 53\. To and from Ballarat and tho Brown Hills,dally. 64\. To and from Ballarat and Miners' Rest, dally ; and to and from Miners' Rest and Avoca, by way or Laka Learmonth, Mount Bolton, and Lexton, thrco times a week. 65\. To and from Goolong and Stieglitz, dally; with a branch mall to and from Stieglitz and Anaktcs, throo times a week. 60\. To and from Goolong and Bellarlno East, by wa Of Drysdalo, throo thnos a wook. 67\. To and from Goolong and Gnarwarro, by way of Ceres, throo times a wcok. 58\. To and from Geelong and Belfast, by way of Fyansford, Murghoboluc, Inverleigh, Cressy, Darling- ton, Mortlako, Framlingham, ana Woodford, twice a week ; with branch mails to and from Woodford and Warrnambool, twico a week, and to and from Mort- lake and Hoxhnm, twieo a wook, and to and from Hexham and Hamilton, by way of Caramut and Penshurst, onco a week. 69, To and from Warrnambool post-office and tlio landing-place, as often as may bo required. 00\. To and from Belfast post-office and tho landing place, ns often as may bo required. 01\. To and from Portland Post-ofllco and the land ing-placo, as ofton as may bo required. d2. To and from Goolong and Portland, by way of Shelford, Rokovvood, Pitfield, Skipton, Streatham, Wickliffe, Dunkeld, Hamilton, Branxholme, and Hey- wood, twico a week ; with the following branch malls -to and from Hamilton and Apsley, by way of Ca- vendish, Balmoral, and Harrow, weekly ; to and from Hamilton and Ponola (S.A.), by way of Coleraino and Casterton, wcokly ; to and from Hamilton and Boi- rait, by way of Eumorolla, weokly ; to and from Car- terton and Heywood, by way of Morlno, Digby, and Hotspur, twico a wook; to and from Heywood and Daitmoor, by way of Lyons, wookly ; to and from Wickliffe and Ararat, weekly; and to and from Wickliffe and Belfast, by way or Caramut, Wools- thorpe, and Koroit, weekly, with the samo frcquoncy of communication between Koroit and Warrnambool. 63\. To and from Geelong and Camperdown, by way of Duneed, Winchelsea, Birregurra, and Colac, twico a weok ; with a branch mall to and from Duncod and Modewarre twice a week ; also, to and from Camper- down and Portland, by way of Terang, Panmure, Allansford, Warrnambool, Belfast, Yambuk, and Nar- rawong, weekly. 64, To and from Goolong and Quconscllffo, by way of Kensington, dally ; and botweon tho Post-office and landing-places, Queenscliffe), and from QuconsclUTe to Geelong, with malls from Groat Britain, whenever landed ; also, special mail conveyance to and from Geelong and Queenscliffe, as often as may bo required, at per trip. t'6. To and from the Post-ofBco and Railway-station, Geelong, as often as required. 66\. To and from tho General Post-ofllco, Melbourne, and the Post-offices at Sandridge and Williamstown, 1o vessels in Hobson's Bay, or othor anchorage taken by vessels onterlng into or departing from tbe port of Melbourne, and from euch vessels to tho above mentioned offices, as often as required-the laneling and shipping of mails to he accomplished by a. steamer. Tenderers to etato tha name, tonnage, and horse-powor of the stoamor proposed to be employed in the abovo service. Also, conveyance of mails to and from Molbourno and Sandridge, by way of Eme- rald Hill, three times a day; and to and from the General Post-ofllco and ships at the Government or Other wharves, as ofton as required. By His Excellency's Command. _O. S. EVANS, PoBtmaster-Oeneral. Pabilo NoUoea. ALBION QUARTS GOLD-MINING COMPANY. -Tbo DEED or SETTLEMENT of tho above Company now LIES tor SIGNATURE, at tho offloe, No. 46 FUndora-lano cost. No transfer of aliares can bo recognised until the deed of settlement is signed by tho original allottees. EDWARD BANCROFT, Seirotary pro tem. BASS'S ALE.-Information having boon givon that inferior ALE ia REPACKED in tho colony, und vended undor tho cask brand of BASS and Co, reward of £100 is thus otTorod for tho conviction ot snji person so offending. BASS, RATCLIFFE, and GBETTON, Burtoo-oi Trent, by tholr attorneys, Dalgety and Co. Melbourne, Juno 8,1869._ CAUTION.-Whoroos my wife, Julia Howard, ban loft my houso without Just cause, this is to giru notice, that I will NOT bo ANSWERABLE for any DEBTS sho may contract, and parties are cautioned cgainBt either, cr edit Ing or harbouring her. WILLIAM HOWARD. Chapol-gtreet, Prahran, October 81,1860._ COLONIAL INSURANCE COMPANY.-PoUtn holders aro reminded that INSURANCES EXPIR- ING this month may be RENEWED, on application at this office, at the lowest current rates of premian, WILLIAM GREEN, Manager. 4 Collins-street west. tIAPPER'S BEEF MINING COMPANY.-Tho / SECOND INSTALMENT of tho PBELIMINATtY DEPOSIT, bolng 6s. per share, Is DUE on Saturday, NtvemborSthprox; The samo can bo poid In Mol- bourno, to the agonts, Messrs. Burstall and Campbell, Collins-street west. " " _ DYSON APLIN, Manager. DISSOLUTION of PARTNERSHIP.-Tho PART NEBSHIP hitherto oxisting botweon JOHN MARTIN and SAMUEL MARTIN, of Belfast, in Ire and. merchants, trading at Belfast undor the stylo of .?" 11m Martin and Co., and ALEXANDEB CAUGHEY, rt Molbourno, In the colony of Victoria, trading at Molbourno aforesaid, undor the stylo of Martin, Caughoy,andCo., was by mutual consont DISSOLVED on tho first day of Novembor, A.D. 1869, All liabilities of tho said firm of Martin, Caughey, and f o. will bo discharged by said Aloxnndcr Caughey, at 1" olboumo ; and all debts duo to tho said last-mcn l.oncd firm will bo received by him. Dated this first day of November, A.D. 1869. JOHN MARTIN, J (By his attornoy Samuol Martin.) SAML. MARTIN. ALEXANDEB OAVGHEY. Witness to tho signatures of John Martin (by his attorney Samuol Martin), and by Samuol Martin and Alexander Caughoy-John M'Farland. Mr. Aloxander Caughoy has this day boen admitted a wombor of our firm. CAUGHEY and M'CLEERY. Melbourno, Novomber 1,1850. _ GORDON PARKER'S KEEP QUARTZ-MININd COMPANY.-Notlco. - Tho BALANCE of tho FIBST CALL, viz. 10s. per sharo, must bo PAID on or before Tuosdny noxt, 1st November, at tlio Bank of j New South Wales,'Melbourno. A GENERAL MEETING of SHAREHOLDERS b hereby called for Thursday noxt, Srd Novomber, at lho offlco of Mr. W. II. Gatty Jones, solicitor, 80 W11- | llnm-stroct, at 2 p.m., for the purposo of receiving tho report oftho provisional directors and electing tho committeo ofmnnngomont who aro to proparo tho dood ol settlement and toko tho management of tho affairs of tho company._I ÏN thoESTATEof FREDERICK WILLIAM LABOT, late of Ararat, FoIImonger, Deceased.-All persons I having CLAIMS in thlB ESTATE aro requested to IUBNISH tho samo without delay, and nil persons irdebted to tlio estate aro requostedto pay the amount oi their debts immediately. WILLIAM M. BELL, Administrator, Littlo Colllns Btreet, Melbourne. IN tho SUPREME COURT of tho COLONY of VICTOIUA: in Insolvency.-In tho E.tato of EDWARD BAILY WALTERS, of Footscray, Publi- can and Contractor.-Notieo is hereby given, that tho abovc-nained E. B.' Waitera Intends to anply to tha Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates for the colony of Victoria, on tho fifth day of Beoembcr noxt, at tho hour of eleven o'olock hi tho foronoon, that a CERTI- FICATE of DISCHARGE, under the Act of Council 7th Viet., No. 19, bo granted to him. Dated this 31st day of October, 1850. _E. B. WALTERS. IN tho SUPREME COURT of tho COLONY of VICTORIA: Insolvency Jurisdiction.-In tho Estato of ALEXANDER ROSS, of tlio Duck Ponds, near Geolong, Contractor, an Insolvont -Notlco is hereby given, that tho abovo-nnmed insolvent intondä to apply to John Georgo Forbos, Esq., Commiaslonorof Insolvent Estates for tho Circuit District of Geelong, on Saturday tho third dny of December, i 1860, at tho hour of ten o'clock In tho fore- noon, nt tho Supremo Court IIouso, Myors-Btreet, Geelong, that a CERTIFICATE of DISCHARGE i from all his debts and liabilities, pursuant to the Acts of Council of Victoria in such casa mado and provided, bo granted to him tlio said Aloxander Ross. Dated thlB 20th day of Octobor, A.D. 1859. HARVEY G. COMBE, solicitor for tho said Alex. _Rosa._ IN tho SUPREME COURT of tho COLONY oí VICTORIA : Insolvency Jurisdiction.-In tho Estato of GOODE NORMAN, of .-Notice is hereby glvon, that the abovo-narood insolvent intends to apply to John Georgo Forbes, Esq., Commissioner < f Insolvont Estates for tho Circuit District of Geolong, on Saturday, tho third day of December, 1850, at the hour of ten o'clock in the foronoon, at tho Supremo Ci urt House, Myers-street, Goolong, for a CERTI- FICATE of DISCHARGE from all lils debts and liabilities, punuant to tho Acts of Council of Victoria in such caso mado and provided. Dated this 20th day of Octobor, 1850. HARVEY G. COMBE, solicitor for tho said Goode Norman. -f IN tho SUPREME COURT of tho COLONY o V1CTOBIA : Insolvency Jurisdiction.-In tho lTMato of DUNCAN M'CALLUM, of Geolong, In tho colony of Victoria, Saddler, an Insolvent.-Notice is hereby glvon, that tho above-named InBolvcntintondsto ipply to John Georgo Forbes, Esq., Commltslonor of Insolvent Estatos for the Circuit District of Goo- long, on Saturday, tho third day of December, 1850, nt the hour of ten o'clock in tho foronoon, at tho Supremo Court House, Myers-strcot, Goeloné, that a CERTIFICATE of DISCHARGE from all his debts and liabilities, pursuant to tho Acts of Council of Victoria in such case mado and provided, be grantod to him, tho said Duncan M'Callutn. Datod this 20th day of October, A.D. 1859. HARVEY G. COMBE, solicitor for tho said Duncan _M'Callum._ .\rOTIOE.~If JAMES S. BROWN does NOT PRO £\ OEED with his CONTRAOT on or beforo Novem- ber 2, it will bo COMPLETED at his RISK. _H, BRENTNALL. NOTICE.—The PARTNERSHIP hitherto existing between JAMES YOUNG, ANDREW YOUNG, and NATHANIEL YOUNG, under the style or firm of A. and N. Young and Co., as millers, having expired by effluxion of time, is this day DISSOLVED, by mutual consent, James Young retiring from the firm. All accounts owing to and by the said firm will be paid and received by Andrew and Nathaniel Young, who will continue the business. JAMES YOUNG. ANDREW YOUNG. NATHANIEL YOUNG. Witness to the signatures—James E. Crook, Werri- bee Flour-mill, Ballan. October 29, 1859. OVENS GOLD-FIELDS WATER COMPANY Closing of Sharo List.-Notlco is horoby givorj, that tho SHARE-LIST of tho above company WILL BE CLOSED THIS DAY, at 8 p.m., after whienhour no furthor applications will bo received. Applications through tho following brokers, viz. : Mr. E. Kbiill, Collins-stroot. Messrs. Bnlllio and Butters, Colllns-stroct. Messrs. Clarko and Sons, Elizabeth-street. Of whom forms of application can bo obtained. By ordor. PEARCE NUGENT NIXON, Secretary. SANDY CREEK STONEY BEEF QUAR1Z MINING and STEAM-PUDDLING COMPANY. -APPLICATION for SHARES In the above company will bo recoived up to tho fourth (4th) Novembor next, but shares cannot bo guaranteed after the 2nd. For the Company. JAMES HARPER. THE olcgant MODEL of MANUEL'S PATENT BRIDGE, inspected last week by His Excolloncy Sir Henry Barkly, ON VIEW GBATIS for a fow days tit Harris's Turkish Divan, Colllns-streot wost. aIHE BONWICK TESTIMONIAL,-As Mr. BON . WICK will sall for England on or about Thursday noxt, his frionds aro respectfully requosted to favour any of tlio undersigned with tholr SUBSCRIPTIONS beforo that day : George Lowls, Esq., Treasurer, 6 Collins-street east Dr. Wllklo, M.L.C., CoIIins-stroet cast Dr. Tracy, 189 Brunswlck-stroot, Collingwood Nath. Billing, Esq., 21 Collins- street cost Bov, Bichara Conneboo, Kow Wm. Bryant, Esq., Hawthorne E. Binnoy, Esq., 27 Fllndors-lano west Messrs. Win. Goodhtigh and Co., l8 Fllndors-lano cast. YICTOBIA GOLD-MINING COMPANY. Offices, 28 Wllllam-Btreet, opposite St. James's Cathe- dral.-This company is a CASH PURCHASER of SHARES In Mining Associations or Mining Com- panies, formod with limited liability, and now in activo operation. RICHARD SOHLESINGER, Manager. "TT7E hereby invito any PERSONS who arc ABLE W and desirous to GIVE EVIDENCE in tho matter of tho " FLYING BUCK'S" RUNNING, to attend at the Union Hotel, Bourko-Btreot, on Thurs- day, tho 3rd November, at 8.80 p.m. G. W. RUSDEN, GEO. WATSON, Members of Turf Club Committeo of Management. WHEREAS somo unprincipled porsons aro Belling HAMS and BACON of an inferior quality as VABEY'S York, the undersigned gives notice, that ho is the only person in tho Australian colonies to whom theso jiittVy-coJobnited provisions aro shipped ; and in confirmation of this an extract from ono of Messrs. Varey and Son's recent lottere is given at foot, " Wo do not know of any agent In London who is sending our hams out to Australia, but if Buch IS tho caso thoy hnvo no right to mako uso of our name, and wo will thank you to stop the first attompt. You aro our SOLE AGENT in all Australia." GEORGE HULL. 70 Littlo CoIIins-stroet east. 'HTÀlTLE GULLY (JOLD-MIN1NU COMBAN V. TV Notice is hereby given, that the FIRST CALL of 12s. Od. has THIS DAY boon made, and the same is mado payablo on or before tho 7th day of No\ ombcr next, nt tho office of tho undersigned, or In Molbourno, at tlio office of the company, No. 7 Hall of Com- merce. By ordor of the Managing Committeo. WILLIAM CAMERON, Manager. HargrcnvcB-strcet, Castlemaine, October 27._ MorobancUso. LEX. WILSON, NEPHEW, and Co. haro L for SALE, at their stores, 48A William- Btreet, Ind, Coopo, and Co.'s Burton alo. No. S Parker and Co.'s favourito palo ale Whltbrcad's London stout Parker's brown stout Harper, Burno, and Co.'s nowly-bottlod porter Taylor, Walker, and Co.'s stout Ind, Coopo, and Co.'s polo alo, bottled by M. F. White ana Co. Uarper, Burno, and Co.'s suporlor ports sherries, in bulk and bottlo Willlama's royal household gin Evaristo, Dupont, and Co.'s brandy Old Jamaica rum, In caso Glllon's cast, whisky Clarets, favourite brands Bitters, Boonckainp Hams anti" bacon, porfumcry, ironmongery, patont nails American hardwaro, foncing-wlro, and netting Cross-cut and circular saws, iron bedsteads, steel, Hhcctlead Plated wore, cutlery, canvas, twines, sacks, wool packs Carpots, Scotch twill Bhlrts, sowed muslins, parasols HabordaBhory, tabourets and tapestries, papo hangings Inks, glassware, waggons, 4c. Also, Scotch Cooring-boards, tongued and grooved, in good order and condition Battens, Ewbank'« patent nails, &e.; ALEX. WILSON, NEPHEW, and .Co. COMPULSORY SALE In tho ESTATE of DAVID HENRY, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 31 Collins« street east : Very superior gold hunting English patent lever watches, £12 : original cost, £18. Sllvor do., £4 ; original cost, £0. Ladies'gold watches, handsomely chased and on» graved casca, £4 ; original cost, £6. Diamond rings, brooches, Dracelets, studs, &c.; BoUing much bolow their value. Gold alberts and guards for tholr valuo iii gold. By ordor of tho Trustees. H. JONES, accountant._^^ ARRON YARD,-74 Fllnders-lano and 65 Flinders. stroet cast. Foundry Material. Pig-Iron (mixed Nos. and brands), English coke Kentledge, coal-dust, charcoal powder. Engineers' and Blacksmith» Material. Rod and bar iron, of best brands, and assortment Shafting-iron, 4 to 8 inches diameter Boiler-plates, 3-10 to ¡ inch, angle and T iron Sheet-iron, 8 to 28 gauge ; rivets Cotton waste, grease, oil, and files. To arrive Lathes ; drilling, punching, and cutting machines Engines, horizontal and beam, 10 to 86 li.p. Wheelwrights' and Blacksmiths' Material. Fclloca of ash, led and Sydnoy gum Spokos of ironbark and oak ; navoB, appletrco Shafts, poles, bows, and hardwood boards Iron, axles and axle-moulds, Carron boxes Steel-blister, cast, and shear Patent mail axles, with springs, clips, and steps Bolts and nuts, bench Bcrows, Dolt points. Sundries. Firebricks, fireclay, iron columns Water-pipes, Arbroath pavoment, aheetlead. CAIRNS, WILSON, and AMOS._ KITCHEN RANGES, Patent lmprovod: . Leamington kitcheners, with back and side Wrought-iron boilora Common ranges Register stoves American cooking-stoves. E. 0. WHEELOCK and Co., sign ¡of tho Golden Btove, Russell-street,_ ORD and Co., 80 King-Btreot, have on SALE, ex i Hormonides, Marrlaii's No. 3 ale Coarse salt Duchess, countess, and viscountess slates.-_ NATHANIEL HARRIS and Co. have on SAhK, and in Storo, ex late arrivals, Military and calf bluchors Colonial bradded and nailed bluchers Military and artillery wellingtons and half wollingtons Calfand kip wellingtons, Bprlgged and plain, and half do. ' Gentlemen's Olaatlc-siao boots, calf and patont iolonial-braddod watortights Ladles' and children's cashnusro boots and sumrnor shoos, in groat variety And a largo assortment of gentlemen's summer clothing, shirts, felt hats, grey calicoes, flannols, blankets, hosiery, &c.; Tho abovo aro all nevj.goode, and in small casos, to wit the requirements of tho up-country trade. Address. 86 Ellzabeth-rfroot_ N SALE, by tho undersigned, Calcutta lines Europo ropo Belgian window-glass, 10 x 8 up 60 x 30 Stabled glass, lamp-glasses Single and doublo barrel guns Havannah and German cigars Cam-bags Best iihito and red lead, in }, J, and 1 cwt. kegs Faints, all colours, In 28-lb. kegs Turpontino, putty, in bladders Chalk and whiting Boiled and raw oil, castor oil, in drums and casks: Colza oil, rape oil, do Humpback oil, olivo oil, do Cotton waste, cart and railway antifriction greiso Navvio barrows Blasting and gunpowder Fusee, English and American tapo Stockholm pitch, Stools's zinc Flour of sulphur, oil and spirit of tar Quicksilver. GUSTAVE BEOKX and Co., 04 Flinders-lane wert. N SALE, by the undersigned, Brandy-nonnossy's ; Otard, Dupuy, and Co.'s, Dumas' ; Rizat's's ; and Fallet and Co.'s, in cases Do., Rizat's, in hhds. ; Pinot, Castillan, and Co.'s, in hhds. and barrels ; do., British, in casks Geneva, in coso ; old tom, in hhds. and quarter casks Whisky, Glonmavls and Balmoral, in cases Port and sherry, in wood, quarter-casks, and hhd» Beor-Burton Brewery Company's No. 1, in bulk j Crown alo, in do. Porter in hogsheads ; Guest's East India palo ale, in cases ; and Burton Brewery do., in cases Sugars-Mauritius counters and China sugar Currants in barrels, Jordan almonds, soft-shell do Muscatel, Sultana, Valencia, and Malaga raisins French plums, in barrel ;-do inbottlo Nutmegs, moco, and ginger, Barcelona nuts Pearl barley, oatmeal, and split peas Honan's doublo roso Cork butter, Adelaide flour Oilmen's stores, assorted invoice ; earthenware, do. Manilla cordage, Europo ropo, coir warp Linseed oil, in bulk, and 5, 7, and 10 gallon drums ; sulphuric aold, in stopporcd jars Calcutta lines, and varnish ; East India matting 3-bushel bags, and woolpacks, bran bags and salt do Roping and seaming twino, canvas and towelling Pig iron, No. 1 ; Biltio deals, 11 x 8 Blocks, two and throo, and thrco and four sheaved American iron safes, brass hand-pumps Squaro timber, spars, and bowsprits Iron gates, pillars, and ploughs Scotch and New Zealand oats China wine, China salt, and green poos Assorted China preserves, rattan chairs Rock salt, in bags ; tobacco pipes, assorted, . TOWNS and Co., 20 Willlam- stroot. 0 0 SWIRE BROTHERS have on SALE. Ale, Marrian's, No. 8 Brandy, Martcll s, in caso Whisky, Mohan's, in wood and bottlo Old tom, Thin's Cheese, doublo Gloucester, primo Hams and bacon, Kingan and Co.'s Herrings, red and white, m tins Thin's bottled fruits and jams Plums and prunes, French Almonds, soft-shol! and Jordan Nuts, Barcelona and Brazil Raisins, Elomo, Valencia and Muscatel Rice, English-dressed Currants, now Patros Apples, French, dried, in baskets Tablosalt, in jars Butter, Thornton'B Gunny bags Sugar, Bally No. 2. Epsom salts Barnes», single and doublo Musbaoh's celebrated sparkling wines. T 0 SADDLER S.-On SAL E, Carriage, gig, cab and cart harness Buggy saddles, traeos, ruah collars Buggy saddles, traeos, rush col Ladles' side Baddies and whips Spurs, snaflies, curbs, stirrup-irons and leathc s Largo assortment of names Breaking tackle, breastplates, martingales Hogskins, hazlis, saddlo-trccs Girths, saddle and coat straps, Sec. And general saddlers'Ironmongery. MITCHELL and BONNEAU, l8 and 16 Ellzaboth street. T IHE undorslgned aro now landing, Ex Harmonidcs, from Liverpool, 211 B B H crown boiler plates, 3-10, i, 616, £, and J inch. 2 cases 13. Y. sickles, Noa. i, 5, 6. 26 cases Tupper's galvanised iron, 7 and 8 feot, 26 gauge. 70 kegs galvanised clout and cone hoad nallp, gutter spikes, So. 4 casks enamelled milkpans, l8 to 22 inches. 6 casks Sorby's hay-knives, falling-axes, cross-cut saws, augers, &c.; 4 cases Richmond and Chandler's harrows. 70 kegs cut clasp nails, 1} to 2 inches. 1 coso water tuoirons. Ex Templar, from Now York, fi cases Colllne's D-handlo round- point shovels, 82 inches. 16 do do, 83 do. 8 do do, 84 do. 4 do do, 80 do, 5 do Hunt's and Collinn's long-handlo, round point shovels, No, 3. £0 kogs cut nails, 20 cases Gollins's hunters' hatchets. 27 cases oxtra-largo axe-handles. l8 esses 2 and 3 Uno hayforks. 80 dozen 8-inch solid hoes. ' Ex Wollfloet, from London, 1 cask patent plumbago crucibles. WALTER POWELL and Co., 7 Swaruton-street, WESTGARTH, ROSS, and SPOWERS havo on SALE, at their stores, 31 Market-strcot, Ale, bulk, Jeffrey's and Berwick's Brandy, Henncssy's pale, in case Whisky, M'Farlano's sllont, 10 o.p. Whisky, in coso, champagne in pints and quarts Shorry, Burdon'B. hhds., qr.-casks, octaves Do., Sandeman's, hhdj" qr.-casks, and octaves Port, do., in do. Do., Graham's, in do. Claret, N. Johnston and Son's, in 1-dozen cases Hock, Dclnhard and Jordan's, gingor wine Bitters, Lfs'.io and Co.'s New York, in quarts. pints, and half-pints Confectionery, Wotnorspoon's and Gray's, assortod Jams, marmalade pickles, sauces Bottlod fruits, salad oil Fancy soap, solublo bluo, vinegar, Hall's starch Mustard-Evans, Lewis, and Co.'s, in bulk and bottlo ; soda crystals, stationery Herrings, whito and red, in tins, oats, oatmeal Linseed oil, in drums, raw and boiled ; glassware Cod-liver oil, liempsoed, alum, corks, plate-glass Earthenware, assorted, Copoland's Canvas, tarpaulins, woolpacks, floor-cloth Corn-sacks, bran-bags, ore-bags, 1-bushol oat-b Flannels, imitation Welsh, electoral felt hats Cordage, assorted ; seaming and roping twino ' Boots and shoes, saddlery, assorted brushwaro Tobacco-pipes, variety ; oak boards, veneers Whito and red lead, paints, glue, ¿to. Flour-mill, hydraulic wool-press, nooring-boaAt Printing-machinn, bone-mills, sifters Sodawater-machinos, driving apparatus Bmut-macblhee, Grlmes's patent ; lifting-jack Cart steelyards, wclghlng-beoms and spanners Steam-engines, 10 to 26 homo power Steam-engine boilers, funnels, steam and wat gauges, pumping and winding gear Horeonails and countersunk clout nails. Walker's Rivets and washers, coopers' rlvots, chains Patent axles, axlo arms and blocks, crab winches Bedsteads, and electro-plated ware, balusters Tin-plates, fencing-wire, zino Iron, Moi «wood's plain and corrugated, TO AartivB, Als, Berwick's and Knox's ; woolpacks, Backs Confectionary, herrings, mustard, ling, vinegar Gingerwine, brandy, sparkling- wines, clarets Candles, zinc, saddlery, oil, paints, gas tubing Camp-ovens, steam-engines, sheet iron, 4o. Sago, tapioca, ginger, arrowroot, butter Pickles, bottled fruits, old tom, geneva, whisky Port wine, sherry, brandy. Flooring-boards, battens 8od*-«h and crystals, sod irons, &c; L CHINA, GLASS. and . EABTHENWAREi 1,500 (one thousand five hundred) crates ancf hogFbeods of Every variety of the above description goods, Now landing Ex William Kidston and other late arrivals. To be followed by Wellesley, Confldenco, Copenhagen J Wcllfleet, and Exodus, * On SALE, In original packages or repacked in quantities to s purchasers. HENRY STEWARD, Importer and wholesale dealer, 6 Flinders-lane east, opposite Degravea's Flour-Mills. STATIONERY.-Tlio undersigned havo always ori hand, direct from the manufactories of Mossrs Cowan and Co, Cream laid and wove posts, folio, o, and octavo Blue do do Blue and cream foolscaps, laid and wovo Book papers, machine and handmade Drawing papers Printings, laid and wove, demy, royal, double) foolscap, double crown, and news, various weight B Brown and groy paper Envelopes, all sizes and qualities Account books, various Bibles, with Scotch psalms, largo variety Copying prosscs, miscellaneous statlonory, &e.; CALLENDER, CALDWELL, and Co., 83 King street. T Fish, jun.'s, SHEET ZINC, superior quality, L 38s. por cwt. CO Elizaoctb- siroet. T Fish's, genuine WHITELEAD, in casks, to suit L_tho trade Oil, is. Cd. per gallon._ AT G. Pilloy's, 10 tons WHITING, Faperhangingi from 4M. ; good Whitelead, 7s. 281b. ; Oil, ia drums, 5s. Above olllco of this paper._ AT FIBII, jun.'d, 60 Elizabeth street, ' PAPER HANGINGS SELLING at less than cost. Load, Glass, Oils, &c;, equally cheap. DAMANT1NE' CANDLES, superior quality, in 20-lb. boxes, C. Leotch, 40 Colllni-street west, T G. Pilloy's, eight weeks' SALE of his retail stock of PAPERHANGINGS, itc. No reosonablo offer refused. Retail business to Let. Abovo office of this paper. LL 12-yard PAPERHANGINGS eommoncingSJd., superior 4d, to Oil. ; Ceiling Paperhnnging, Gd. ; Imitation Flock and Satin, Od. ; Sienna Marble Grounded, Is. Carter, 71 Queen-street. AGATELLE - TABLES, Billiard-Tables, Cloths, Lamps, &c.; Thomas and Co., manufactory, 142 Xonsdnle-strect cast. BASS and COPPER, in sheets ; Block Tin, Copper Boilers, Bottoms, Rivots, Tubing, Brass Taps, thcet Lend, and Piping-, &c.; Parties favouring with orders will observe the address is William Rob ison, 333 Fiindora-stroot weat. ILL1ARD and BAGATELLE TABLES, largoätl assortment In tho colony, at Poser'», 106 Little] Bourke-streot east.' fAOKTELLE¡and BILLIARD_TABLES, Lamp«,! B B^ Cloths, Balls; Cues, Tips, on SALE. Alcock anti I Co., 132 Russell-street. BOTTLES-Sodawater, Lemonade, and GingerbeorJ 2-gross crates. Approved shapeB. Loveson anil Smythcrs, 47 Enznbeth-street. BREWERS.-To Inquirers.-Ocular demonstration! soon given' of great results from PATENT COOLERS, Stephen, 55 Wllliam-Btroot, CORKS, Sodawater and Gingerbecr Bottles, Acids, I Essonccs, Wiro, &c.; Richard Harvey, 30 Littlo | Collins-street cast. CHINA, Glass, Earthenwaro, Fancy Goods, inl variety, and at moderate prices. William Tho- mas, 167 Swanston-stroet, COALS, aenrgdon SALE, In Molbourno, J. Hemp-! _hill arid Co., »1 Queen- strcot,_ CORKS, Brewors* Bungs, Ginger, Essences, Acids,] Gingerbcor Sodawater Bottles. Thomas Occlcs-j ton's, 8 Littlo Colllns-strcot east. COALS, at lowtfet rates, delivered on shortest no-| _tico. W. Hoieoson, 100 Flindors-lano east. CEDAB, Huon and KnurioPino Boards, well seasoned, all dimensions. Alcock and Co., 132 Bnssell-Btreot._^_ (-AHAIR-TOFS, Books, Sofa-Bcrolls, and Turncd j work of overy description, well seasoned. Alcock and Co., 182 Ruascll-street._ ANARY SEED, LliiBeed, Genuino Hard's Food Scidlltz Powders. W. Ford and Co., Swanston street, Melbourno. IA ROO of COALS for SALE, in Melbourno. J. j_HcmphlH and Co. 01 Queen-street._ COALS, Australian Agricultural Company's, ex Athol. Sandridge wharf, or delivered. Lowest lates. J. L. andO. Bui ho._-_ ANDLES, Belmont, pound packets, now landing; ex James Choston. Lorimer, Mackie and Co., 1Ï2 Collins-fctreot west. OGCARTS and WHITECHAPEL!! on SALK. Mitchell and Bonncau, 16 Elizabeth-street. D D OG CART, secondhand, for SALE. 15 Eliaaboth Btreet. DRAPERS' PAPERS, and Grocers' FaperB and Bags, of every, description, at Lucas's paper warehouse, Lo Trobe-strcet._ ELEY'S AMMUNITION comprises every aoscrip tion of sporting and military ammunition Double waterproof central Aro PERCUSSION CAPS, ns originally invented by them, aro particularly adapted for uso in India, whore tho caps aro often, allowed to remain a long timo on the nipples of rifles and fowling-pieces, tho Ignition being at all times safe and certain, whilst in humid weather tho dis- charge is as instantaneous as with ordinary caps on the driest day. For testimonials as to thoir value for shooting in India soo Col. Jacob's work on Rifles anil Pi ojectiles. Patont Wire Cartridges for killing game . ? i ? long distances ; also, the Groon Cartridge, modo with the largest drop shot and mruld shot, will bo found very directivo at largo gomo, wioro the sports- man lins not a rifle in tho field. Also, chemically-prepared Cloth and Felt Gnn Wad- dings, to provent tho leading of guns. Cartridge Cases for brooch-loading Bhot guns, and Ball Car ttidges for Prince's and other brccch-Ioading rlflfci, muskets, pistols, &c.; Eley Brothers, sole contractors to tho War Depart- ment for waterproof military caps, cartridges and caps for Colt's, Adams's, and other rovolvers, Jacob's rifle shell tubes, &c;, Gray's Inn-road, London (whole- sale only). Í Ti OR SALE, 80 quarter-casks DEFLAGRAVE OIL, ? in lots to suit purchasers. This patent oil is kuperlor to Colza for burning purposes, ond un- equalled for machinery. KAUFMANN, M'CALLUM, and Co., No. 122 Col lins-btrcot. i (Certificate.) "Webeg to certify that for the last two months we havo iiBCd no other oils but tho Doflogravo oil for tho machinory of our boats, and havo found it the best wo have yet tried for that purposo. "RALPH MONKHOUSE, steamer Hercules. " WILLIAM COWPERTHWAITE, steamer Sophia." FIREWORKS, ox Spark of tile Ocean.-Fifth of, Novembor Rejoicings, Fetes, Sic.-Schools, Store- keepers liberally dealt with. FIREWORKS and Lists cent to all parts ol tho colony on receipt. The largest variety at Baker's, solo agent. Walter Draper, Chureh i-trcet, Richmond, _ FOR SALE, cheap, two BRASS SHOP-FRONTS and SHUTTERS. Apply Verandah Cottages, Macnrthur-place, Carlton. F OR SALE, an ALBERT CAR, choap. 16 Young Btreet, Collingwood. F OR SALE, a DOGCART, cheap. Apply Uuineess Brewery, Little Lonsdalc-streot west. FOB SALE, superior largo DRAWINGROOM TABLE. Price, £0 6s. Worth 12. Apply 233 Elizabeth street. FOR SALE, WHITEOHAPEL8, Pony Gigs, and Spring-Carts. Hanson, coaohbtilldor, Hcddlo snd Johnston streets, Collingwood. I TTIOR SALE, cheap, OFFICE FITTINGS, polished, X? Irom English Chartered Bank. Apply No. 1 Alhert-terraco, Faraday- streot, Carlton. J710B SALE, first-class now TIMBER-WAGGON, ? with 3-inch axles. Apply lo Roberts and Fer- guson, ICE. leo. leo_Pure WENHAM LAKE ICE, nsw being delivored by the Molbourno leo Company. George Walker, Manager. Office at Icc-housc, FJindcrs street, 1CROSCOPE.-For SALE, a magnificent com pound MICROSCOPE, with 'meohanicnl stage, , two cye-piecos, 1, J, J, J inch object-glasses, polarizing apparatus, lloberkuln, So., tho whole fitting into a handsome mahogany cabinet, with drawers ; togothes with throo dozen of Topping's slldcB, Dancer's nhoto graphs.'Stc. Price, £21. Apply to Mr. Crawford, Pino and Chapel streets, Prahran. OLIVE OIL.-Finest OLIVE OIL, in qr.-casks, on SALE. E. F. Sichel and Co., 20 Flindcrs-lano west. f\ POSSUM RUGS.-HART'S OPOSSUM ¡ RUO \J STORES, 106 Colllns-stroot, oppoiito Western Market, Lined and tanned rugs. >IG IRON and QUICKSILVER on [SALE, hy Alexander Brothena, 3 Flindors-Iano east. PER JAMES CHESTON, another Bhlpmont PAPER HANGINGS, direct. Newest designs imported. Cheap papcrhnngiñgs warehouse. Carter's, 71 Queen treet. PAPERHANOINGS.-The cheapest houso in Mel bourne for PAFERHANGINGS is Francis Gra- ham's, 162 Bdurko-strect cast. ÜICKSILVER.-Best Spanish QUICKSILVER on SALE, by E. and M. Keogh, 11 La Trobc-stroot cost._'?_'_ BIMMEL« PERFUMERY.-SOAPS, Essences, Violet Powder, enid Perfumery of overy descrip- tion, on SALE.. Levy Brothers, Bonrke-streot. RASPBERRY ACID, Fruit Essences, Acetic Add, Crystallised Bicarbonato Soda. W. Ford and Co., Swanston-Btrcot, Melbourne SPECTACLES, Eyc-GlORSCB, Mieroscopos.Toloscopcs, Prismatic Compasses, Box Soxtants, Sec. C. Earle, optician, 158 Bourke-street catt. STEREOSCOPES and PICTURES (an immonso assortment), Atr-Pumps, Electrical Macninos. Eirlc, optician, 158 Bourke- street east._ SHEEPWASH TOBACCO on SALE, at Charlo* Brown's, 83 Bourko-stroot west. SODA-A8H.-MUSPRATT'S SODA-ASH, in 2 cwt. casks, on SALE. E, F. Sichel and Co., 20 Flin- ders-lane weet, i ODA CRYSTALS, now landing, on SALE. J. 5_Dalrymple, 69 Fllndors-itreot weat. alOBACGO-PIPES, prepared and meersohaum . washed, now landing, ex JnmesChoeton. Lorimer, Mackie, and Co., 122 ColliiiB-streetwc6t._ a> ANKS. Tanks.-TANKS, 400 gallon strong iron cn SALE, cheap. Dove and Oswald. TO WHEELWRIGHTS-1C.O0O SPOKES, Naves». Felloes, Shafts, Ploughs, Beams, Handles, Lance- wood Shafts. 167 Russell- street._ TO bo SOLD, a bargain, a, magnificent colonial manufactured IPIGSKIN SADDLE. Apply 83 Smith-street, Collingwood._ WHITING, 10 tons, superior sample, in small casks ; actual tare. Whittingham Brothers, C3 Flinders-street. _ WANTED, PURCHASERS for any quantity boiï OANDLEt. mado in colony. Lowest mark et Trice. Leo, Prahran Soap Works._ H1T1NG for SALE. J. Long and Co., 74 Fllnders-lane cast._ ANTED, to SELL, lot of WOOD, ii mile* from Collingwood. Apply Mutimer, butcher, Napler-atrcot, Collingwood._ Johnson's,, w TV1 ZING, superior quality, on SALE, 88s. per cwt _FIBII, jnn., 60 Elizaboth- Btreet._ ADVANCES of CASH mode on deposit of deeds or other secuiitlcs. Long and Ball, 63 Collins t-trcot west._ ADVANCES.-Various SUMS, to £20,000, to bit LENT, at 8 per cent., Immediately, J. Macoboy solicitor._ ADVANCES mado by Marks and Barnett, paws, brokers, 107 Elizabeth-street. Lowest rate iitercst in Melbourne. ADVANCES.-£20 to £5,000 ready, deposltine; deeds, or mortgage. Money safely invested, st libcralilntcrest. John Buchan's money offices, 1>T Little Collins-street east. D BAFTS on HOBART TOWN issued at par. Stevenson and Sons, Queen street. D ANIEL GRANT, 68 Elizaboth-Btreet.-£60 M» £6,000 on freehold security, at current rate». LOANS NEGOTIATED, or. approved securities, as current rates, by Jamos B. Houghton, 9 Elit»-* beth-Btrcot south._ MACKILLOP and COOKE, 81 Quoon-stroot, are propared to ADVANCE MONEY, In largo 03" gmall amounts, for long or short periods, on frooholdL proporty, or on merchandise and furniture intendecL. for_ MONEY.-ADVANCES ready on deposit if£ doods, upon any description of Freohold. House or Landed Property, for short or long geriods, in gums of 102., 202., 802. 402., 602., 602., 702.,. 02., 1001., 2002., 3002., 4002., to 6002. Parties can ba accommodated with cash this day, in any of tho above amounts. 8002., 7002., 8002., 0002., 10002., to 6,0002., and from that to 10,0002., on mortgage, without delay. To the borrower It otfera unusual advan- tages, as the strictest privacy may bo dopended upon, thero bolng no othor business transacted at theaa offices. THOMPSON'S monoy offiooa, 66 and 53 Little Collins-street east, noxt City Folleo Court, Swanston» gtreot._ MONEY. Monoy_£10, £15, £20, £25, £30, £10, £60, and up to £200, tt LEND, on depoBit o deeds. Borrowers oro spared all vexatious chargea» No chargo for legal documonts of any kind, and no> delay. It. O. Luscombe, 80 Swanston-strcot. ONEY, Monoy_MONEY now walting INVEST MENT on unquestionable security only, and. in sums of £800 to £6,000 at 8 and 9 por cent, por nnnum. £400 to £800 at 10 per cent. Apply imme- diately. R. C. Luscombe, 80 Swanston-strcot. MONEY.-LOANS on personal security, doposl of deeds, promimory-notos, and guarantees^, obtainable at the Molbourno Investment and Load Fund Office, 74 Chancory-lano._ MONEY.-Various SUMS for investment at lowes current rates. Mr. Helllcar, 4 Eldon-ohambors Bank-place._ MONEY.-Vnrlous SUMS for investment at lowest current rates, Mr. Hollicar, 4 Eldon-chamboH,. Bank-place. RR. ROGERS, Mechanics' Institutlon-bulldlnga , ADVANCES promptly modo, on doposit o deeds. No law charges. T. KILDA STOCK EXCHANGE.-LOANS upon, SBARES, Personal and othor Securities. 'Tho»». Evons, sharebroker, Junction._ 1EN PER CENT. INTEREST allowed on monoy doposlted at my offlco. Sums of £1 and upwards received. Depositors are reminded that no notico la roquired, both principal and interest being made pay ablo on doniond. Sums to Lend for 12 months, 1rs. amounts of £300, £200, and £100, at 12} and 15 per cent. Porsons having theso amounts can always» obtain freehold securities at the above rates. R. ?L Luscombo, 89 Swanston street. riIHE undersigned aro prepared to make llbora JL ADVANCES on WOOL and other cargo shipped by tho Blaok Ball and Eoglo Line of Packets, either to Liverpool or London. Bright Brothers and Co.1 FHndors-lane. THE AUSTRALASIAN FIRE and LIFE IN- SURANCE COMPANY is prepared to LENE» MONEY, upon approved freehold security, to ba repaid by equal quarterly instalments, covering prnv» clpal and interest. For particulars apply to WM. MACREDIE, Secretary. Hall of Commerce, Molbourno, October 8,1859. THE oldest and most socara pawnbroking est». bllshmont In Molbourno. MONEY LENT ate half tho usual rate of Intorest. Cohen and Marks, 187" Elizabeth-street, next to Hockln's ..Hotel, and at 128 RuBsoll street. UNGLE TOM continues to charge a FARTHING In. tho SHILLING, any SUMS. 177 Lonsdalo-stroet cast. WANTED, £100 for six months f on porsonat security, by a Govoniment officer in receipt ot £700 por annum. Apply J. 0. Q,, ófrico of tilla papor^. Produce, Provisions, etc ADELAIDE FLOUR, Buttorworth's favourita brand, always in storo, on SALE. W. Owstoii. and Co., 108 Bourke-streot west. DELAIDE FLOUR, Magaroy's, Crown Mills, Beeby and Dunstau's, and othor brands, llkowls» Bran, on SALE, W. Lawronco, 43£ William-streot. A Regular supply of fresh EGGS, at wholesale price, 55 Cardiirall>street »RAN.-Adelaide BRAN on SALE. W. Lawrance,, >_43J William-street. B UTTER.-Wollongong BUTTER on SALE, novy landing. W, Lawrance, 43J William-stroet. BUTTER (Wollongong), Flour, Maize, Barloy, and. Bran, on SALE. Hoseason, 109 Fllndors-lana east, B UTfER, vory superior, selected by our Mr, Gee Whittingham por each steamer. Whittingham. Brothers, 66 Flindors-stroot. B UTTER, from Wollongong, now landing. J» Hcmphill and Co,, 01 Queen-street, BUTTER, ox City of Sydnoy, a primo sample ot Wollongong, on SALE. Coleman, 81 Flinders street west. B UTTER, Honan'B, landed. Smith, Morry, one! Co. CONGOU, chests and half-chosts, very fine, wolghts Crushed lump sugar, Dutch, in casks English loat-Bugar, in casos Soap, Liverpool, double-crown. And A largo assortment of groceries, provisions, men's stores, splcos, Ac. WM. PETERSON and Co., 189 Elizabeth-street. CHAFF, cut and uiovod by steam, delivered, within 7 milos Molbourno, at lowest prioe. National Storo, Flemington. T\RIED APPLES, extra, now landing and toe JJ SALE, by Newell, Hooper, and Stevens, 2S Klng-street. RIED APPLES and NORMANDY PIPPINS onv SALE. Charles Watson, 19 Flinders-lane west,. r> TJiLOUR, best brands, on SALE. W. Crosby andL JD _Co., 2 FllndorB-lano east._ IpLOUB, Tasmanian, all brands, on'SALE, by W11 ! Horn Bayles and Co,, 97 Collins-street west. F LOUR, Bran, Maize, Ling Fish, and Gunny Bagg¿. on SALE, by Win, Duthie, 20 King-etreot. iUQUR and OATS (Tasmanian) on SALE. J. P. _Dalrymple, 60 Flinders-street west._ ÀXALL FLOUR. Adelaide flour Patna rico \- On SALE. E. F. SICHEL and Co., 20 Flinders-lane west«. H H AXALL FLOUR on SALE. W. Lawrance» 431 William-Btreet. LORD and . Co. havo on SALE,-^ Oysters, in lib. and 21b. tins Lobsters, lib. and 21b. do. Strawberries, lib. do. Green peas. lib. and 21b. do. Freshîpcaches, 21b. do. Tomatoes, 21b. do. 80 King-street._ LING FISH, finest Shetland, in COBOS and casks,, landing ex Hormonales dlroct from the Shotlanui carers. Wm. Fotorson and Co., 189 Elizabeth-street. MAIZE and BRAN, best quality, ex Athol and Herculean, on SALE. J. L. and O. Burke. M AIZE, Bran, Oats, on SALE.' J. Hcmphill ar.ii Co., 61 Queen-street. w always on SALE. Thomas Wright, importer,, 143 Swanston-strcot. MAIZE. - Primo sample Sydnoy MAIZE, non* landing, ex Sarah. Samuel House and Co., 264 Elizabolh-stroet. MAIZE, Oats, Gram, Borley, Malt, &o..; CRUBHEE» by steam. George Bencroft, 73 Flinders-Ian* cast. O ATS. Tasmanian, primo sample, for SALE, by William Bayles and Co., 97 Oolllns- Btroet west. O ATS.-Danish OATS cn SALE. W. Lawrance, 43^ Wllllam-street. F IGS' FOOD.-MAIZE MEAL, Barloy Mea!. Damaged Gram, and Pollard, lowest rates». Thomas Wright, 143 8wonston-atreet. POTATOES, 40 torn finest Brown's River, for seed,' landing and on SALE. Alex. Morton, Westen.. Market. »OLLARD on SALE, now landing. W. Lawrance. 481 William-stroet. S ALT, fine and coane, on SALE, in Boy and landccU Chorlos Watson, 19 Fllnderu-lano,_ SALT, coarso and fine, Liverpool, constantly oin. SALE. Joseph S. Joseph, l8 Elizabeth-street eontb. J JOME good SALT BEEF on SALE, at MTbersc-r, 5 Francis, and Co.'s, King-street, 