Bal«« by Anotlou. THIS DAY. At tho Exchange Hotel, Gertrude-street, Collingwood At 13 o'clock. H HORNER will BELL by AUCTION, a' . the Kxuhango Hotel, Gertrude-Btreet, Col jingwood, at 12 o'olock, A grey Horse, warranted good in harness 01 saddle. ' , To bo Sold Without the sllghteet Btierve. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. | 17I0T0BIAN CLUB PUENITÜRB will bt Y -ON VIKtV, at the Club-bouse, 100 'and IO Xtrnrke-street west, on Monday, the 7th, and Tues day, the 8th February. B. WALTON and Ga, auctioneers, 107 Collins street wert. t i WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. To Gentlemen and Families^ Oabin^tnuuwr»* Jlctelkeepers, Cluos, and Purchase ra or really superioi and elegant Furnltnre Mont important Sale of very Superior, elegant, and valuable English Furniture Billiard-Tables, Glass China, Plate, Linen, magai fieently bound Books, Periodicals, &c.; i Tkepropetty of tho Victorian Club, 100 and 103 Bourke atreet west. _ No Rererve. T> WALTON and Co. have received in jr\i» struetlons from the committee of manage XL, nt of the Victorian flub, 100 and 102 Bourfce-stroe ?west, to SELL by' AUCTION, on the premises, or Wednesday, Fibruary p..at It o clock precisely, ' The whole of the extensivo and valuable househoh furniture and effect«, comiBtlng of 1\. Dining and Cofieeroom Furniture, Very superior set of telescope dlning-tablss So do polished cedar dining- tableB, turned ate. I Do do sideboards Strrngly-madeoak tables, with drawers Large handaomo polished cedar dumb waiter Very superior oak chairs, covered with greer leather Well-finished settee, covered do do Marble-top do Issy chairs, owered with morocco leather Iron rocking chairs Handsome fonders and firoirons, complete Eight-day clocks, ter; superior workmanship an finish i Beautiful bronze «tatuctte« CarpatB as fitted, hearthrugs, blinds, am rollers Handsome gas branobes and chandeliers, globe etc., complete 8\. Drawing and Beading Boom Furniture. Very handsome large oak wrltlng-tablo ' Do du loo tables Pair do card tables Large well modo cedar stands for papers, etc. Couches of the best make, handsomely covere with chintz Very superior sofa, do do « Do do easy chair» , Oak chairs, covered with green leather ' Beautiful Parian statuettes, glass shades Black marble eight-day dook, superior workman ship end finish . Very handsome three-light gas chandcljer, wit f lobes, &c;, complete er and flie-lron» Carpet» se Quod, hearth-rugs, roller and blind paper »ne envelope box, cut-glass Inkstands Stand, complete, postage scales, weights, &c; 8\. Bl Hard-room, full-sized slate-top hilliard table, with beantn fully-carved lramo and legs and lndiaiubboi cushions, mode by Dickenson, of London, ir perfect condition and order, and is const dereel, by players and judges, as being ona o the very best tatúes in tho colony. Also, 1 full-slzod slato-top billiard-table, with indi« rubber cushions, and h&ndsomoly-carvcd; loir and tramo, made by Palmor, of London This table is considered as quito equal to tai other In perfection. Both tables aro made o the very best material and workmanship, am It would be fauna very difficult to find theil equal in the colony. 1 bUliara marking-boards, S sets of rules, framed, holland covers for tables, 24 best-made ann- and stands complete, spider-rest and triangle 8 rests, Ï half-butts and rests, 8 «otu of pool-balli (12 each) and basket j 3 sets red pyramid-balls, 2 do or billiard balls 2 hilliard gaillghts, six burners to each, aliado , &c.;, complete a 12-foot settees, covered with green leather 18-feet do, do 8 raised platforms, for teats Spittoons, matting, biuihes, irons, conNicuttlo &c.; American stove, with piping completo. 4\. Bed and Servants' Rooms Furniture Iron stump bedstead', mattressoB and pillows Well-made cedar washstande, with fittings om plcto So do drosaing tables, complete Towel-horses, toilet swing-glasses, cano lexto. chairs Cane chairs, chest of drawers, &c.; 6\. Kitchen Furnltnre and Utensils. Large cedar ice choit, fitted up in the mott per feet manner, with folding-doors, shelve», i? complote Bent's patent knife-cloanincr machine Superior patent aingle-lllt beer-engine, in perfect order, and complete with every necessary, beet measures, &e.; " An Immen BO variety of kitchen utensils, as coppei »tewpans, stock pots, fish kottles, omilo't pana, frying pans, gridirons, steak-traps ladlcB, spoons, choppers, saws, sletes, jolly and pudding moulds, coffee and te» pots, Bugar cans and basins, bottle-jaoks, cups, saneen, &c.; . . Bussell's stoveB, with fonders completo Mahogany sideboard L , ,. Large filter, in order j wiro meat-covers, japanned knife trays Handsome two-light gas branch, globos, cue, com plote _ 6\. Hall and Staircase Furniture, 1 very snporior solid oak hall table Do easy chairs _- Plate, Cutlery, io. 3 elegant plated walters, 0 do crnet stands (cut ¿bus), coffee and tea pots, 6 elegant deeantei standB, 2 soup ladles, 8 sauce do, 4 scoops, 1 fish knife, fork, 2 gravy spoons, 47 table spoons, 86 dessert do, 16 tea and 12 salt spoon«, 10 egg do, knives, 72 metal fork*, do small do, 12 nutcrackers, e sugar tougs, 8 pint pots, 6 half-pint do, 7pairsoarving knives and forks, 2 do poultry, 68 largo knives, 27 email do, i chamber candlesticks, wino labels, &c.; Linen, &o.; D large damask tablrolotlis, GO smaller do do, 6 servants' do, 00 damatk dinnor napkins, 6 dozen towels, 30 do D'Oyley's, 30 ihn nap- kins, 7 dozen glass cloths, sheets, blankets pillow cases, quilts, toilet covers, i.e. GlaiB. 8 cut glass claret jugs, 8 do do round doctuters, pagno do, 14 greon hock do, 10 sodawatot tumblers, 20 half-pint do, 17 claret and wind classes, 6 cut pickle bottles, 4 sogar basins, 19 saltcellar», 1 glass plato, Ac. Tea Service«. 1Î large cupa and saucers, lOemall do do, 6 basins, 9 milk pots, 3 sugar basins, 10 jugs, In fir B , 8 do do, with covors, 17 chlna.platcs, Oilljhe«, 0 egg cups, 2 hattor pots. Pinner Senrioes. 1 very handsome dinner sorvice, coinrlele, in whitear/d cold, for 12 persons; aleo 11 dishes, various sizes, 4 vegetable dlshe», IO eoup plates, 80 dinner do, 24 small do, 1 soup tureen, 1 salad bowl, 17 soup do, 14.small entreed lshes, and a great quantity of dishes plates, &c.; Llbrarj, ConslBting of splondldly-bound standard works, Poetical Works of Dryden, Burns, Milton Soutnoy, Wordsworth, Byron, Longfellow Moore, Pope, Scott, Macaulay, Chaucer Spenser, Browning, Coleridge, Tennyson Hood; Scott's Marmion, Lidyof tho Lake Lay of the Last MinBtrol, Macaulay's La- ; o Ancient Bomo, Ingoldsby Legend«, Web «ter'» Dictionary, Atlas; »nd Master Ham ohrey'e Clock, Martin Chuzzlewlt, B'eit House, Nicholas Nickleby, Oliver Twist by Dickens: Tho NewcomoB. by Thackeray, Women »nd Men, by Browning ; Uncle Tom Cabin, Arabian Nights, 8 vols. Knight' Shakspeare, 26 vols. Waverley Novels, and i largo quantity of standard works, noveli Se. Bcvlows, magazines, »nd files of tho Eng 11th and Colonial paperp.chcsimen and board! The auctioneers beg particularly to call tho »tun «on of gentlemen, families, cabinetmakers, hoto keepers, club«, and others, to tho above extensile sa of rtellmado Englishfurnituie, the whole c1 which i of tho tery best description and make. Sho plate, china, and glass aro of the ne .ve. designs and mott elegant kinds. Ihc tedding, linen, and Lltchen apparatus aro tho mest cxtcnthc and uttful description ; and ti > Millard tables aro tuipaescd by nono in tho colon; , fitted with every requisite. Further particulars may be obtained at the au tloictrs', 1C7 Collins street weit. einem-Wednesday, February 9, at 11 OCIOCÄ pr clttls. On view, Mo- cay and lucsday next. Norese»ve. Terms-t-ai-h. Catalogues on a») c1 Bale. Carde to View tP be obtained of tho Auctioneers p ïtolll: T3UR8DAY, FEBRUARY 10. i ' i.'n j, A» « o'clock. A t Lloyd's Rpjms, CollhuMtreet west. "H . Galliot-built Schooner Daring. iiSSp* WMt' °n ^ursta^CrÄ» The Galhot DARING, 107 tons reglBtor, 200 tons bnrden, built at Vendaut, in Holland, of the rery strongest » atcrisl, in the usual substantial style of the Dutch, In the year 1840. She waa on the slip In June, 1858, and then underwent a complete repair, including re- itet oiling with heavy zinc, now sails, mast«, &c;, «here necessary. She has also two bow porte, 28 ii ches squaro each. Her inventory ia ampio, and inoludea a perfect out lit of masts, sails, anchors, chains, boats, &c;, all of the best material. Bbo bat just completed a trip from Recherche Bay, V.D.L., bringing a cargo of timber measuring 80,000 leet, and earns a freight of 2802\. In six. weeks. There la a charter at prêtent existing which can be transferred, if desired, to the purchaser for ono or ibreetripB similar to the above. The auctioneer would invite the particular attention of shipmasters ongsged in the colonial trado deairous of having a really profitable vessel to this sale, ts from bcr light working expenses, easy draught of water (8 feet 0 leaded), and goneral good condition, a vory hand- some profit could be derived from the investment of a cemparativelysmail capital. _Terms, Liberal, at Bale._ TUESDAY, MARCH 1. At 12 o'clock At Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street Weet. WARREN GODDARD, United States Built Clipper. Io the Merchant», Importers, Shipowners, and Otho» Generally Engaged in the China, ' East India, , West Coast, California, j i , Mauritius, ', Or Intercolonial Trades. H. A. COFFEY has been favored with in- structions from Messrs. Lord and Co., on account of Captain Rule's departure for home, to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street west, on Tuesday, March 1, at 12 o'clock, The celebrated clipper brigantine WARREN GODDARD, 216 American, 186 English, tons register; 300 tons burthen ; built at Eastport, U.S.A., in the year 1853, of oak, beech, and heckmatack ; well fastened and thoroughly strengthened with heavy growth knees and stringers. ïbe was placed in MesBrs. , Dove »nd Oswald's floating dook in Septomber last, and there underwent a complete overhaul of hull, masts, &c; , and WBB sheathed with Munts's metal, of l8, 2f, and 22 oz,, under inspection J. Her carrying and «ailing qualities are not equalin, certainly not surpassed, by any \ easel engaged in the intercolonial trade, bhc, this voyage, landed on the Melbourne Wharf, without lightering, 807 tons Adelaide Cargo without damego to a psckago, and baa on soveral occasions made a complete voysgo, includingdetentlon ia port, within 16 day s She shifts and »tanda without ballast, and can go to sea with 80 tons. ' -I be cabin is on deck, well fitted np with a vi«w to comfort of passengers, and will accommodate eight, in addition to the master and ofrhere. Her Inventory I«complete in every respect, and includes double »uit of sall«, anchor«, chains, patent windlass, two boats, «Vc, all of tho best material and in excellent order. In asking attention to the sale of the Warren God- dard, the auctioneer feels justified In stating that he has never ) et bad an opportunity of submitting to tho Subllc a vessel so thoroughly well adapted to the itercolonial trade, or one that would bo likely te ?sake so large a return foi tho outlay, her working expanses not exceeding thoso of a vessel of 160 toni, «bile her earning« will be more than double. Terms and particulars in a future advertisement. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. ' To Farmers and Others, Land at Mordialloc. f± WALSTAB has received instructions VTS to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, 85 .Ouliins-street west, Templo-oourt, on Wednesday, February 9, at 12 o'clock, 82 acres of land, being part of allotment 2 section 10, having a frontage of 10 chain» to the Dande nong-road; is heavily timbered, will pay well for clearing, and will bo found to be a uno rich loamy so». Plan to be teen at tho auctioneer's rooms. ' WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. ¡ Red Bluff, I Brighton. i G WALSTAB hoa received instructions to " DISP08E OF by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his tooma, B6 Collins-street nest, Temple- court, on Wednesday, February 9. . Two really splendid blocks of land of l8 acres £ roods e«ch at the Bed Bluff, fronting to the Beach, being part of portion 88 parlih of Moorab- bin, adjoining the well-known residence of O. H. Ebden, Esq. The auctioneer ha» no hesitation in stating that the Sospect from these lots is unrivalled, commanding as ey do an uninterrupted view of Williamstown and Ike shipping, Bchnapper Point, Mounts Eliza and Martha, & To those gentlemen to whom a marine residence is «Jetirablo this ia an opportunity rarely offered, and the auctioneer would remark that independent of ita S resent merits this land muBt become very valuable .ora its contiguity to proposed railways, as well a« trom the steadily Increasing demand (or marine sites ID this healthy and'dellghtful district. The auctioneer invito« a personal inspection of the ./round by Intending purchasers, in order that they .nay seo it requires no eulogy from him either a« to (the undeniable attractions of its position, or, a» a '»»und investment. i Plana to bo had at the auctioneer'» room»._' WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. Elsternwick. Beautiful Allotment of Land, of about 1 Aero. C1 WALSTAB will SELL by AUCTION f. at his rooms, 86 Collins-street west. Templo tourt, on Wednesday, February 9, at 12 o'clock, i Ono of the prettiest allotment« in the moat choice part of elsternwick, being allotment 10 of block 12. It is »ltuate at tbe corner of Martin and Drake «tract«, hat ing a frontago of 268 feet to the former and of 182 to the latter street, is close to the boaeb, »early-adjoining Mr. Allyne's gardon, and 1» within JO minutes' walk of a contemplated station on tho line of railway. ' The auctioneer can strongly recommend it to any gentleman in search of one of tbeso dosirable allot scents for a residence. Plan« can bo seen at the auctioneer's office«. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. Furniture nod Other Miscellaneous Effects, &c; To Private Families and Other». g^ WALSTAB will SELL by AUCTION, \JC> at his rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Wed- nesday, Fohruary 9, I (At his usual weekly sale,) gome excellent furniture, amongst which will bo lound Tablo, chiffonnière, handsome bookcase, with glazed doors ; sofa, looking glass, waihstand. iron perambulator, patent mangle, in good ordor ; and other household articles. Xadie» and gentleman requiring tingle articles of furniture «re invited to attend this «ale. N.B. Tho auctioneer will hold a sala of this de- scription every Wednesday. Parties whose homes are not commodionsly or conveniently situated to hold a salo of their furniture upon the premises, will Ond this an economical and advantageous mode of disposing of It, and the auotloneer will send furhi tare- vans and caroful men to remove ii, and make a cash advance when required I WEDNE8DAY, FEBRUARY 9. ( Building Allotment at Northcote. i /"I WALSTAB has received instructions to VT« SELL by AUCTION, at his room«, 86 Collide ali cet west, Temple court, on Wednesday, February 9, at 12 o'clock, A magnificent block of land of G acre», near to the Peacock Inn, Northcote, consisting of 6 acre», being allotment 28, and part of section 101. It is «ituato a short distance beyond tbe toll-bar, in tho immediate vicinity of the host residences in tbls highly-picturesque and Improving suburb, and will he sold in one lot, an advantage not to be lost sight of in these days of limiting building sitei,to a few feet of ground, A plan can be seen at tho auctioneer's rooms. -' WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1 To Farmers ; Splendid Agricultural Land at Mulgrave. G WALSTAB baa been favored with ir a »tractions to SELL by AUCTION, at i's »oom«, 86 CollirxB-street west. Temple-court, on Wod Miday, February 9, D2 »cres of land at Mulgrave, consisting of two blocks, one of 21 acres, and another of 12 aero«, being 7, 8, 9, IO, 28, 20, 80,81, 82, 38,34, and 36 of a «nblivialon of part of portion 78. Tbis neighborhood is so well known for ita excel- lent agricultural qualities that it la deemed super- fluous to say moro than that it is ono of the prottiest and mont improving suburbs The auctioneer call» attention to the very liberal Urns of payment for this property, viz.:-one fourth cash, and tho remainder in three equal instalments, at lix, 12, and l8 month»', with bank interest. A plan can be seen at the auctioneer's room». ' WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 9. " Land at Elsternwick, on tho Beach, Near Brighton. Beautiful Building Site». To PrlvAto Gentlemo-i, Publicans, and Others. G WALSTAB has been honored with in " «tractions to SELL hy AUCTION, at hi« looms, B6 Oullins-stroet west, lemplo- court, on Wed- nesday, February 9, at 12 o'clock, 10 allotments of land, of about half an »ore each, on the Beach, at Elsternwick, adjoining Brighton. This beautiful piece of ground baB frontages to the Stach, to the two chain road at the entronco to Bilcltor, ard to the St. Kilda-road; and they aro tho n oat eligible sites in the whole of this desirable neighborhood for marine residoncea. tfhe »uctioneer would draw tho particular attention of publicara and capitalists to tho corner allotment, which would bo a splerdid site for a first-class hotel, fcr which ihere is a good opening Trete » III be a station on the railway within about lj>)f a mile. ah» auctioneer respectfully requests an Inspection of thlfi property. . .... Hat s with every information, can be obtained at Ibe auctioneer's rooms._ MONDAY, FEBBUABY 14. Jockey Club Meeting. Tollp, Racecourse Gate«. Kirk's Ii oreo Bazaar. JEENDEBBON will SELL by AUOTION, ? (ii Mondtr, February 14, at 12 o'clock,' 11 c toil- cf the Bacecourse gates, subject to a re- lui n or day ticket. Hn tells will be on tlio esme tcale as last meotlog ÏOflTTONID till WEDNBSDAY, FEBRUABY 9. To Ironmongers, Contractors, Tentmakers, and Conntry Storekeepers. G. M'OOMBE will SELL by AUCTION j in Ins rooms, Colllus-street, on Wednesday february 9, at 12 o'clock, 20 bales of drills 20 do of Raven's duck 100 dozen of Bowland's long-bandied »hovell round-pointed 60 de D-handled do 660 do pick handles 100 gross patent clothes-pins 200 doren and neBts tubs and nails. All In first-rate condition. Terms-Under 1002., cash ; above that «mount, ap proved acceptances at three months' date. Observe-Hour of sale altored to 12 o'clock. WEDNE8DAY, FEBRUARY 9. To Grain Dealers, Livery Stable Keepers, and Others. TxteniiYoandUnrciervod Salo of 10,000 Bushels o Colonial and Foreign Oats, at Thompson's Grill Blores, 40 Little Lonsdalo- street weat ; to clos accounts. A G. M'OOMBE is instructed by Moesr> /I, Thomas Thompson and Co. to SELL b AUCTION, at tbolr Grain Stores, 40 Little Lonsdale street weit, on Wednesday, February 9, at 1 o'clock, Ex Pirate, MB 74 bags black Now Zealand oats WB IE do do do do , OBQ . 129 do white do do < Ex 802 do Polish oats , 84 do do do, slightly damaged 160 bags oats, varions brands, ex 800 bags new Irish oatB (Maybury'« blaek ant white). 860 bags Danish oats, &c.; The attention of the trade Is particularly called ti tfco above important sale of first class colonial ant foreign oats, the wholo of which must positively t?i sold to cloto accounts. I Without resorve. I Terms Liberal, , WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 0. To Saddlors and Other«. SO Bet« of Single Harness, Siivor and Brass Mounted Dogcarts. G. M'OOMBE*will SELL by AUOHOi; » In his roams, C'oliins-street, on Wednesday february 9, at 11 o'olock, 20 sets singlo harness, silver and brass mounted 2 dogcarti. Terms at Sale. WEPNE8DAY, FEBRUABY 9. , To Furniture Dealer«, UnreBeryed Salo of 160 Oases of Office Chaire, Cane andWood Scat Chairs, &o.; G. M'OOMBE will SELL by AUOTIOÜ j in his rooms, Colllns-Btreet, on Wednesday ruary 9, at 11 o'clock, 160 coses oak office chairs, nursing chairs, ohll drent chairs, Baltimore cane and wood son chairs, 4c. Ko BCBCIVO._ WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. * To Ironmongers and Others. Sale of 20 Cases OutTscks, 10 Cases Wire-bound Broom«, And Miscellaneous Ironmongery. G. M'OOMBE will SELL by AUOTIOS 4 in his room«, Collins-street, on Wednesday * nruary 0, at 11 o'clock, ? 20 caaes cut tacks 10 cases wire-bound brooms And Mlicolloneous hardware. Terms at Sale. A Febri ' FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11. ) To Stationers and Others. 1 Underwriter's Bale of _ Paper, Books, Playing Cards, Theodolites, ; c, , Damaged in the River in transit from the Bay. À G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTIOÎs ¿t\\.» in his roums, Collins-street, on Frld«v February 11, at 11 o'clock, Ex Emma, from London, i S io Ii In diamond, I 16 bales and cases of paper, boobs, playing card i theodolites, Ac. Damaged by water in the river in transit from tb i i Bay. 1 To be cold for tbe benefit of tho underwriters. Without reserve Further particular» in future advertisement. . i PRELIMINARY NOTICE. ¡ Valuable Household Furniture and Effect«, i " Honry-Btreot, Windsor. I, H. KELSON is favored with inatruc a tion« from Cant. Turner, who is leaving io england, to BELL by AUCTION, at au early dato, , Tbe whole of bl» handsome household furn i . ture, &c.; Fnll particulars in future issue. ' WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9 , Bale of very Valuable Freohold Proportios, viz. : ROBB and Crown Inn, Flemington. ' Six Homes. Land. He uso and Land, Errol-strcet, North Holbourne, Affording a good opportunity for both small an. large capitalists, and poraons desirous of securing good income from property, lot to reapoctab tenants, as the above. MB. STUBBS will 8UBHIT to PUBLH AUCTION, at Bear's Auction and Exchang «eons, on Wednesday, Fobruary 9, at 12 o'cloc precisely, Positively to be knocked down to tho highest biddon The following very valuable properties, viz. : (By order of Mr. Connolly) Tbe Rose and Crown Inn, situate oppoilto tb ' Flomington Hotel, now under Iraae to Mr. Mu ray, at £280 per annum, for two years and elgl , months, . i Second. ' House and land, opposlto the Flemington.Hotcl, I the occupation of Mr, Young, at a rental of ££ per annum. , House andl and, in the occupation of Messrs KM ford and Ferry, clothiers, Le. Rental: £62 pi tnnnm. 1 Douse and land, let to Mr. Dunstlo, at 16». per wee: being £39 per annum. * Third. ! By order of Mr. Hlncklin. Ihree corner house«, near Nelson-street, Mooni Ponds, j nst beyond the property of Mr. Hug Glass. No. 1, let to Mr. Scott, at 10s. por week, tbree rooms, per annum .. .. .. ££C 0 No. 2, let to Mr. Hawkes, at IDs. per week, per annum. .. ,20 0 No. 8, two rooms, let to Mr. Lawrence, > al 8s per week, per annum .. .. ¡20 10 Totti rent.£72 10 Fourth, . By order of Mr. Brennan. ' House» and Land, ; Situate m Errol-street, North Melbourne, bein allot mont 20, of subdivision-, section - Tho whole of the above for positivo sale.' Terra . nd further particulars may bo had at Mr, Stubbs office, C6 Queen-streot. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10. 1 To newly arrived Immigrant». ; A Malden Farm, adjoining the pre-emptive- right « JameB Austin, Esq., and MeiBrs. Kennedy, Swat and Johnston. Rear the township of Wyndham, parish of Taf neit, an the Geelong Railway. B. STUBBS 1B instructed by the pre j. prietor, Mr. Holgato, to 8ELL by TU BLI _OTION, at Bear's Auction and Exchange Rooms, t Queen-street, on Thursday, February 10, at 12 o'ebe precisely. * A maldon estate of the flnost agricultural land 1 _ tho colony, comprising ninoty-ono acres (Ola 38p and thirty-eight peichos, being allotmoiit 8 < section 7, parish of Tarneit. , Terms, liberal, at talo. i Koto.-Such land would cost a man £100 or £lf per aero in England, and who would not buy In country whoro freeholds aro to cheap. ; ' Terms, llboral, at sale. j 20 miles rall from tho city, and bounded -by thrc roads. FRIDAY, FEBEUARY 11. Sale of tho Junction Hotel, Footscray J Sure Bontal of 200Í per annum. An excellent chance for any Industrious person wl wisheB to go into tho publiohouse business rs. STUBBS l8 Instructed by ibu pr< _I prlotor, Mr. Jones, to SELL by POBL1 ACXTION, on the premisos, Footscray, on Frida Pebi uary 11, at 12 o'clock sharp, All that commodious woll built well known pu li business properly, known as tho Junctlm Inn, situate at the corner of Whitehall and Bunbu; etrcete, and let, for 12 month» only, to M Nicholas, at the low rent of 2002 per annum. It i«, without doubt, the finest alto in Footscrij Term« liberal. Tille, First-rate. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY ii. , By orderof the Official Assignee, Immediately after the salo of that valuablo, popu'arl patronised, and well conducted House, known as the Junction Inn, Footscray. MB. STUBBS will SELL by PUBL1 AUCTION, on Friday, February 11, at v viuut piedsely, , a Offering a very good chanco fortbo working classe operatives, and navvicB over there to procure horn and freehold«, Lots 189, 2C0,»nd 270, situato at the corner» of Albert and Buckli atreets, two or three allotments only from thoj Ballway Hotel, ; part ol allotments I and K, seo. 14, quarter si each, CO feet frontage, by 166 in depth. Lots2l9 and 270 have special recommendations ibu erection of foundries or factories, advautag « hlcli they exclusively possee« in connection with t great natural watercourse which runs right thrnu them Besides, they aro situato on a most deMrat (fit of the town, adjoining the property of 1 M'Ktnsle Lot 180 adjoins the property c1 Mr Bodington a lils Í ery courteous family, the baca; boundary ¿Inn . i » i hlngthat of tho Ballway Hotel. lute-Tbedeeds ol thcio \orj Ivnproving trecho tri) properties aro now in tho hands oi tho Ollie /r¡tlf,nec, and may be inspected at the office of M cn J Duttlcbury, Malleson, and Co 3e)ns-26 per cent cash diposit, find the rut! pay It, with 10 rer cent iLtemt GEELONG. GEELONG. Preliminary Notice. To Farmers, Capitalists, Speculators, Hotclkcopers, and Others. Important Salo of Euburban, Country, and Town Lands-, In and nocr Geelong. JW. JOHNSTON and Co. are favored with . instructions from the trustees In the estate ot the lato John Cumming, sen., Esq., to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, on an early day (of which due notico will bo given), 3be whole of that invaluable and Improved property, known as Cumming'« Farm, In lots, as at prcsont subdivided by fence» (situate in the parish of Moolap, an the Qucens cliftc-road), scmo of which are within and somo I aro immediately boyond ibu old Corporation boundary, and being portion 4 of section 11, allotment 11, 12, and l8 or block 1, and compris- ing in all 1,087 acres 8 roods 16 perches, , Also, The Moolap Hotel, with about 40 acres of land attached. Town Properties. Allotment 1 of soctiin li!, cornor of Malop and Swanston streets, having 182 feet frontage to Mnlop-sttoot, and 106 feet frontage to Swonston street, being 2 roods. Allotment 2 of section 12, adjoining tho above, having a frontage to Malop-olroot of 63 feet, by a depth of 880 feet to Little Malop-strcet, to which streit there is a Uko frontage of 00 feet, and moA< suring S roods. Title, Crown grants. Term i and further particulars In a future adver- tisement.* N.B. The auotlonoori have much pleasure in sub- mitting tbcio properties, of such acknowledged worth, to the public generally ; they would morely state that the country and suburban lands aro of the mest choleo quality, with an ampio supply of wood aid water; their close proximity to town (about 10 minutes' rido) must bo a convincing proof that this the catato can never depreciate, but must necossarlly cLbanco In valuo and that In a very short time it will only be the millionaire who can at all compote for fuch a domain, Purchasers of land, ¿io., will do well to abide tbiB sale, and secure for themselves a pro (.e promising, and which must rapidly return a PRELIMINARY NOTICE. t?alf\of Magnificent Suburban Allotment, consisting f 4{Acres i Roods 11 Perches, In the Choicest Part of St Kilda, ; Being Allotment 167 B, Parish of Prahran. By Order of tho Mortgagee. lO.Gtntiemcn in quost of Sitos for Private Besidenccs. ' Speculators, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUOTION, at their rooms, on an early dav flu* notice of which will be given, .' By order of the mortgagee, All'that most desirable and beautifully-situated portion of land at St, Kilda, being allotment , 1(7 B, parish of Prahran, and containing by ad , measurement 4 acres 2 roods 11 porches, as per , Government plan. i This magnificent property has a frontage to two Government roads, Is situate In about tho best po- sition ¡n this favorite locality, and ad joins tho resi- dence or Archibald Michie, Esq., and others. She auctioneer« beg to call the attention of gentle- men in search of sites for reaidenco to this salo, as . lh'< ia the only allotment offering in this moat re- spectable and fast-rising neighborhood, j Tho title li » Orown grant. Terras, lberal, at salo. Plans of the property may bo soen at tho rooms t the auctioneers._ THIS DAY. Owing to the delay in the despatch of the Mail. Entire Cargo of the Mandarin, from Mauritius. 6,780 Bags Mauritius Sugar, of Qualities ranging from Bright Rations, first-class Counters to Fino White Crystals. To the Merchants, Grocers, and tho Trade at Large of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballaarat, Beechworth, ¿te. TU" M. TENNENT and Co. have received f f « instructions from Messrs. Grice, Sumner and Co, to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, February 8, at 12 o'clock, The entire cargo ol the Mandarin, from Mauritius, coi sistiug of R, 1-Bon Air, 203 bags 2-Riviere Noir, 66 do 8-Reunion, 846 do »-H Mero Noir, 480 do 6- Mon Loisir, 140 do 6-Mon Desert, 017 do 7-Deep Bit er, 766 do S-Falrfond, 68 do 9- L'Union, 112 do IO-Belle Vue, 800 do 11-B. D'Amber, 1,000 do l8-Caroline, 200 do l8-Haut Blve, 176 do 14-n. D'Amber, 260 do 16- Reunían, 638 do 16- do, S3 do 17-Mediae, 40 do 19- Constance D'Arafit, 074 do. Total, 0,780 bags Mauritius sugar. The caigo will sorted, and available for delivery the day or sale Irom the importer's bonded store. The trade aro Invited to Inspect samples from bulk now on view at our rooms. The qualitlos of tho sugars, aro toiled to the present requirements of the market, and Jncludo bright ration, really firat-clsss counter and fine white crystals. Term«, liberal, at sale. Note-Tnctday, Fobruary 8, at 12 o'clock, precisely. THIS DAY. 700 Bags Californian Beans. .TIT M. TENNENT and Co. have received f V . instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins Btreot, on Tuesday, February 8, at 12 o'dock, 7C0 bags Californian beans. Terms »t Sale. THIS DAY. SO Tons Patna Rice. To Merchants, Grocors, Storekeeper», and Others. WM. TENNENT and Oo. have received a instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their room«, on Tuesday, February 8, at 12 o'clock, 80 ton« Patna rice. Now landing. Term« at Bale. THIS DAY. Holllnsdale'» Colebrated Tasmanian Jams. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. fïr M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by Wa AUCTION, at their room«, on Tuesday, february 8, at 12 o'clock, 61 cases Tasmanian jam«, Consisting of raspberry, strawberry, black cur- rant, damson, apricot, English greengage, magnum bonum, plum, &c.; In splendid order. _Terms at Bale. _ THIS DAY. 10 Tons Manilla Coffee. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Wr M. TENNENT and Co. havo received a instruction» to SELL by AUCTION, al their rooms, on Tuesday, February 8, at 12 o'clock, 10 tong Manilla coffee. I _ Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY. Gunpowder Tea. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, February 8, at 12 o'clock, 24 boxes finest gunpowder tea, each 12 packages each 2 lb. _term» at Sale._ THIS DAY. Cargo of the Canton, from Macao. 4,01)0 Bags Rice, each 83 lbs. 4,000 Do Do, each 122 lbs. \- 200 Cases Preserved Ginger. To Merchants, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. WM.'TENNENT and Co. bave received a instructions from tbo importer«, Hossrs. Cray, Marshall, and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, February 8, »tis o'clock, The cargo ol the Canton, from Macao, consisting el 4,000 bags, 88 lbs. each, rice 4,000 do, 121 lb«, each, do 200 oases preserved ginger. The Canton will discharge alongside tbo Railway Ker. and arrangementswlllbe made to have thocargo available for delivery prior to the day of sale. Terms, Liberal, at Bali._ THIS DAY. Prime Ling Fish. Io Storekeeper«, Fishmongers, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, M Tuesday, Fobruary 8, at 12 o'clock, IO casks prime lieg fish. _Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY. 1,000 Bags Halt, each 8 Bushels. WM. TENNENT and Co. have received , instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, February 8,jit 19 o'clock, 1,000 bags malt, each 8 bushels. _Terms at Bain._ WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. Entire Cargo of the Era, from St. John's, Newfoundland. .46 Barrels, Half-barrels, Quarters, and Firkins White Herrings. 220 Half firkins and Kits cf Salmon. 2,080 Casks, Drums, and Cases Codfish. I To the Merchant«, Storekeepers, Fishmongers, Sealer«, andothersofMelbourne,Gee1ong,Ballaarat, handhurst, Castlemaino, and Beechworth. | "1T7", 51. TENNENT and Co. have received | TT a Instructions from the importer«, Messrs. Law, Dodd, and Co , to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, February 9, at 12 o'clock. The entire oargo of the Era, from St. John's, New- foundland, consisting of, 100 barrels white herrings 400 hair-birielí do 160 quarter-barrels do C6 firlitiiB do 100 ball barrels salmon 120 kits do 60 cask» 4 to 6 cwt. codfish 684 drum«, li cwt. each, do 274 do, H <-wt. oacb, do 200 hoxr», 1} cwt. each, do 238 do, 1 cw t. each, do 80 do, I cwt each, do. ..,,,., " Ino whole of this cargo, which is landing, In 'splendid orde., will be ready for delivery prior to Urn day of sale. ïho attention of the trade I« especially called to this »ell-ruaoitod shipment, which has arrived thus opportunlly, to Bupply the market, , Terms, liberal, at sale. Wednesday, February 9, »t W o'clock. I TTJHDAi, FEBRUARY 22. ' Northcote. Importait to Gentlemen requiring a Villa Besidenci Publican», BpccuUtor», and Others. Sale of that Magnificent Freehold Proporty, Situates Kortbcote, on the Plenty-road, consisting of Elgh Allotment«, each ono Rond, noon which is ero,.,. The Northcote Hotel. Also, Handsome Villa Residence. WM. TENNENT and Co. are inetrnctei a by Alexander Walker, Esq. to SELL h AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, February 21 »til o'clock. The whole of this valuable property, situate r. northcote, on the Plenty road, on this side the Merr detk and Toll-bar, and about 2} milos from the Poit tfflec. Lot I. I Ono rood, Ho. 1, section IS, on which iiorootoj Tho Northcote Hotel, built of blnestone, elato roof. Inside plastcroJi greater part fitted with cedar. It contain« biri » 0 feet by 16 feet 8 Inches ; taproom, 20 X 133 entronco nail, 8 feet wldo ; two parlors, eau )4xl2; two parlors, cachis x'2; two bedrooms each 14x12; two bedrooms, caoh 12.byl2; on bedroom, IX x 8; attached kitchen,'14 fos 8 inehee x l8 : eervanta'.room, 14 feet 8 inche x 8 feot 8 Inoho« ; also an excellent cellar, 2 fcot x l8 feet 8 lnchrs; outbuilding', olght stall »table, and loose DOT, and the roqntslto out OffiCCB. The entrance and ysrd are enclosed with frame- g\t ord il-feet strong boarded foncing. Lot 2. Two allotment», each 1 rood, being loti 2 «ni l; lection 16, adjoining lut 1. Lot 8.] loree allotments, each one rood, boing lots 8, ' and 16, soctlon 15. Upon lot 4 is orected a Bandsomo Villa KoBidenco, built of bluestone, front stuccoed, slate roofj. end «11 plastered ln«lde A spacious vorandt ronnd tho front. The house contains entrant.! b»ll ; drawingroom, 17 ft. 6 in. x 15 ft., with CJ nlee, marble chimney piece, French windows diningroom, 16 Y 14; broakfastroom 16 x 11 bedroom, 16 x 14 ; 2 bodroonia. each 12 ft. Ú ii x 12 ft. ; 1 storeroom, 12 ft. 6 in. x 7 ft. ; als kltehen, l8 x ii ; eervantt' bedroom, IB x 7 stables and ooacbhouso, and other requisito ou buildings. > Sbe front Is cnolosod with a palisading fence, It sides and bask with a tbreo- rail paling fence, Tho garden around the houso Is In excollentoi dltlon, and well »looked with choice shrubs, flown &c.; Lot 4. Two allotments, one rood each, being lots 6 and section 16. A plan of the property is now on view at the roo.: if the auctioneers, where cards to view m»y be c talned. Title guaranteed. Terms, Liberal, at Bale. CITY' FREEHOLD PBOPBRTY. To Honro Proprietors, Speculators, and Others Booking a good investment. WADE and GOWAN have received in > true tiona frnmtho Commlttoe of Managomon ror Pt. Paul's Ohurch, Bwanaton- > street, to BELL b PRIVATE CONTRACT, The reiiidonce of the Rov. S. L. Chase, 10 and 2 I Btephon-streotBouth. Contains l8 room«, and can be converted Into tw dwellings. A tenant can be secured for six month«, at a ron'.J of 2602. per annum. For furthor particulars and terms apply to Wad tnd Gowan, 80 Colllni-ttrcot oatt, noxt the ofllcs c this paper. ' THIS DAY. Fanoy'Drapory. 1 Millinery. Hosioiy. > Slops. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Milliner«, Country ; Storekoeper«, Doalors, and Others, J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has beet a favored with instractloiio from the importer K> BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 8 Collins-street entt, on Tuesday, February 8, at 1 o'clock, 5h« following goods, which are woll worth th »ttcntion of tbe trade : Lad lea' underclothing, trimmed and worked Infants' and girl,' unáerdutblng Ladles' rico and straw bonnets Do silk flounoed drosses Infants' frocks and robes Do hood« and cloaks Bonnet ribbons Glaco silks and sarsnets Flounced muilln dresses ' Fancy prlntn , Tarlatans I Women's white cotton hote 'Do white and drab jean stays , Ladles' cloths and Bilk mantles Do chemisettes and habiuhirti Men's brown and grey eotton half hois Do tambawool shirts and drawers Do tweed and doo troutors 1 Do alpaca and graescloth coats ! Do soft folt hats. , < Terms at Sale. ? I ] THIS DAY. j For the benefit or whom it may concern. I . Furniture Dimity. I J! WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELIJ a by AUCTION, at tbelr mart, SO Collins-stree east, on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'clock, 1 bale of farnlluro dimity, No». 1, 8, and A 2. i i More or less damaged by seawatcr. _Terms-Cash. , WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. i , 60 hhds. W. I. Rum, 30 o.p. SYMON8 and FERRY have received m structions from tho importers to BELL. 3 AUCTION, at their rooms, Collim- streot, on Wod nesday, February 0, at 12 o'clock, 60 bhdB. W. I. mm, 80 o p. ' Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY ». To Person» Seekir g Investment, Speculators, an 1 1 Others. Unreserved Bale of Valuable Property, known a» lb* 1 Royal Hotel, Swan-street, Richmond. QYMONS and PERRY have received ttv C3 «truotions from tho proprietor to SELL b3 AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on We I netday, February 0, at 12 o'clock, 1st. All that piece or parcel of land, situate, lying, an , being In the parish of Jika Jika, In the county of Bourke, in tho said colony, and being part , of suburban portion No. 21 ol the same parish. commonelng at a point distant 00 feet nortl fiom another point on tho »outhern boundarj of said portion which «aid last-raontlone polntisdlstant844feetwostfromBOUth oartanclo0 tho said portion, and bounded on the E. bj Dookor-street, bearing N. 83 feet; on tbo N. by , lot 286, boarlng W. U2 feet 4 Inches, on tho W. by Little Ciifton-stroet, bearing south 33 feet ; ano on tho south by lots f 87 and 288, bearing east 11: feet 4 inches, to the commencing point ; and whlcl »aid plcco or parcol of land comprised lot !80 0 the subdivision hy tho Rev. Joseph Dockor 0: portion 21 and of tho said portion 22 of the said parish of Jika Jika. 2nd AU that ploco or parcel of land, sltnato in thi ? rish of Jika Jika aforcssid, allotment No SUS of the subdivision, by the sold Joseph Docker of portion» Nos. 21 and 22 of the said parish, and which »aid section is called or known ai the township of Clifton, within Richmond, commencing at a point distant 314 feet from the south-oast comer or anglo of the said portion No. 21, and being the anglo formod by the junction ol Docker- street with tho Government rood, forming the southern boundary of the said portion, and bonnded on tho east by Dochor-street »forould, -hearing north 60 feet ; on tbo north by part ol allotment No. 286, bearing wost 68 feet 2 inches : on the west by allotment No. 287, bearing south 66 feet; and on the south hythe Government road, being the southern boundary of tbo Bal J portion No. 21, bearing oast 56 foot 2 inches to the commencing-polnt, On tbo above valuablo piccciof land aro orcctu 1 those substantial premises known as tbo Royal Hotel, containing 16 room* of good proportions ; there 1 also avery large room used as an Assembly Room The wbolo of tbo above premises were built under thi inspection of John GHI, Esq , architect, of the very bett materials, and In a most substantial manner, an j aro now in flrst-rato ordor, and doing a flrat- elis business. Tho premises are let to a highly reipoctanlc tenant for four years, at £250 per annum ; and to anyone seeking for a first-class permanent InveHment, the abovo offer» one of thom few chances rarely to be mot with for securing really woll-bmit and good substantial property. Title unexceptionable. Terms,|very iboral, declared at Bale. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 0. Groceries. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY are inetructed to BELL by AUCTION, at tholr room«, Colline itreet, on Wednesday, Fohruary 0, at 12 o'clock, 600 boxes Valentia raisins 600 do Gouda cheese 70 casca, each 2 tins 70 lb. each, arrowroot 27 do, each 8 tins 22 lb. each, dn 24 do, each 6 dozen, J-lb. mustard 14 do, each 4 dozen, do 10 do, each 66 lb., Colman's No. 1 starch 80 half barrels pilchard 10 onie» pickled codfish, 14-lb. tint. Terras at Bale. THUB8DAY, FEBRUARY 10. Btock-ln-Trado of» Hatter. To Hatters, Draper«, Storekeeper», and Others. SYMON8 and PERRY have received in4 structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their] room«, ColUns-street, on Thursday, February 10, atl^ * She entire stock of a hatter retiring from butiner», ccnsistlng of Drab beaver hats Black Paris do Drab shell do Bott felt do, varlouB color« French do, do Cloth and tweed cap« Handkerchief«, neckties, gloves, «hirts, ¿Vc. Alto, Hat bodies, and manufacturing materials. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10. \ Valuablo Allotments at Broadmeadows. SYMONS and PERRY are instructed le. Sr Lb by AUCTION, on the ground, Bload n.eadowe,'on Thursday, February 10, at 11 o'clock, All those valuablo allotments being Not. 2,8, 4, u-:, 6 secticn 27, eoeh containing half an «cic lu thy, township of Broadmeadows and frtntlnp FormaiJ * '" ' Tltlr, Crown grant. To:mo »t Kale. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IO. Important Sale of Va'uablo Freohold Properties, Household Furnitur», . HortoB, Cows, Carts, 4c. _ " At Broadmeadows, . Fronting tho Main Boad. ' To Speculators, Capitalists, Small Farmers, and OthcrB. CYMONS and PERRY have received KJ, Instructions from Mr. Peter Mitchell to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Thursday, February 10, at 11 o'clock, Tho following freehold properties : Loti. C ov c, nmont allotment 1 of section 24, upon which is erected large «tore and dwclllnghoute, bake- house, detached kitchen, and stable. Lot 2. Covcrnmont allotment 7 of section 28, upon which is erected hay and corn store. , Lot 8. Government allotment 8, of section 6, upon which , are elected three dwolllngbouses, ono containing four room», and two of two rooms each, with stabling attached. \- Lot 4. Covcrnmont allotments 86 and 87, containing togo thor 4 acres 1 rood and 2 porches, and upon which is erected a two-roomed dwelllnghouie, the wholo Icncod in and under cultivation. ,' Lot 6. ' Government allotments 1, 2, and 6 of section 23. The wholo are in the township of Bioadmeadows, in, the tory host situation, fronting the mala road. ,, Also, Immediately after the salo of the above, i 3he wholo of tho household furniture and effects, horses,- cows, dogcart, gig, two spring cart«, harness, &c.; Observe.-On tho ground, Thursday, February 10, at 11 o'clock. Lunoh provided. I Terms at Sale._ " "' FRIDAY, FEBRUARY li. Household Furniture. , 44 Bussell-stroot. To Partios Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and 1 Others. SYMONS and PERRY aro inetiucted by the proprietors to BELL by AUCTION, on the premises, 44 Russell-street, on Friday, February II, »t li o'olock, The whole of tho household furnlturo And effects, con' Istlng of Dlning-table and covor , Sofas, mahogany and hair <-, Dining and easy chairs Oblffionlore and bookcase Clock and glass «hade , Flor and tollot glasses i Plated candlesticks Criot-sUtid Carpets, (enders and Croirons Hall table, clock, and hall lamp Bedsteads and bedding Wardrobo Toilet-tables Washstands and doublo furniture Tablet and chairs Two pictures The uiual kitchen requisites. And A variety of articles too numerous to particu- larise. Terms »t Sale, HOCKIN'S COMMERCIAL AND FAMILY HOTEL, Cornor of Ellzaboth and Lonsdale Street«, To bo Let, bv Private Contract, QYMONS and PERRY have received In- . tj etruotlons from the proprietor to LET. by PRIVATE CONTRACT, Hockln's Coinmorcial »nd Family Hotel, " Corner of Elizabeth »nd Lonsdale streets. The capabilities of the above hotel are too well known to require comment; the situation Is, without exception, tho bett In Melbourne , The House Contains 20 bedrooms ; two rooms sufficiently capa- cious to dine 600 poraone, or accommodate 600 to a ball, with every necessary requisite for ladies and gentlomen. Prlvato aittlngrooms for families, public ?nd retiring rooms for gentlemen. For further particulars apply to Messrs. Symons and Purry, aucioneors, Collins-street. _and furniture to be taken at valuation. PRELIMINARY NOTIOE. 800 Oates Buporlor American Furniture. To Furniture Warobouaemen, Parties Furnishing, and Othor«. WEA8EY and Co. will SELL by AUO m TION, at ttolr rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on an early day, so soon as landed, 800 cases superior American furniture, com- prising Drawlngroom suites, tables, chairs, burean, | washstands, chests of drawers, wardrobe, &c; Further particulars and terms in futuro advertise- ment. -_ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. BlatcB. Blates. Slates. To Slaters, Builders, Contractors, «nd Others. WEA8EY and Co. will SELL by AUC . TION, on the Australian Wharf, on an .early day, 70,000 best blue Bangor slate«, 24 x 12, 20 x 10, 10 x 10. Terms and further particulars in future advertise ment. ~ THIS DAY. ! 41 tons Sheepwash Tobacco. Te Bquatters, Storekeepers, and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by ATJO s TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, February 8, at X1 o'clock, 4} tons sheepwash tobacco. i > ' To be sold. _Torms Liberal._ THIS DAY 8 Tierces Fine Salmon. 1 To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC . TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street wesi.ion Tueeaay, February 8, »t 11 o'clock, 3 tierces prime salmon. I_Terms at Bale._ THIB DAY. 40 Casos Primo Cbeshiro Cheese. ! To Grocers, Btorekeepors, and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO . TION, at their rooms, 83 Ooilins-street west, on tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'clock, 40 cates prime Cheshire cheeie, In fine order. Terms at dal«._ ' THIB DAY. 240 Bags Mauritius Sugar«, < Moro or lei a Damaged. j For Account of Whom it May Concern. j To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO a TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'olock, Ex Indian Queen, 240 bags Mauritius sugars, moro or less damaged, and sold for tho boncOt of whomi; may concorn. No reserve. Terms-Cash, THIS DAY. On tho Railway Platform. 100 Hhds. Whitbread's London Stout. Kx Magna Bona. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Uotelkcepers, Storc 1 keepers, and Others. TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO TV . HON, on the railway platform, on Tuesday, February 8, nt 11 o'olock «barp, I Ex Magna Bona, , 100 hhds. Whitbread's London »tout, now land- ing ex the above ship, ta fino condition, and guaranteed, '_Terms liberal._ I j THIS DAY. 10 Tons Round Iron, To Ironmasters, FounderB, Ironmongers, Ac Wl EA8EY and Co. will SELL by AUO . TION.at their rooms, SSColllns-Btroet wert, on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'clock, 10, tons round Iron, assorted, J Inch to J lncb. I_Terms at Sale._ I THIS DAY. 800 Bags Black and Wblte Irish Oat». Moro or LOBB Damaged. To Corn Factors and Others. W| EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO a TION, at their room«, 88 Collins-street weet, on Uuisday,February 8, al 11 o'clock, 800 bags black and wblte oats, more or less da _. > maged, and sold for the bonefit of whom it may concern. No Reserve. "" THIS DAY. i 1,024 Bags Mauritius Bugara. Balance of Cargo ex Radjpool. Without Reserve. I Io Giocer», Storekeepers, and Others. TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO YY a TION, at tholr rooms, 88 Collins- street west, on Tuesday, February 8, at II o'olock, Balance or cargo of Mauritius sugars ex Radjpool No. 2-8C0 bags Yemon 3-236 do Walhate 4-178 do do PD1-282 do Victoria (1-429 do Belle Rive 7-800 do Rosalie 8-118 do Belle Vne. Gocd useful sugars, and to be sold without reserve to close accounts. Terms Liberal. 7 THIS DAY. 40 Bags Hayes's Oatmeal. Now landing. Ex Great Britain. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othor«. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AU0 . TION, at their room», 88 Collins-street west, On Too-day, February 8, at 11 o'clock, Ex Great Britain, 40 bag« Hayes'« oatmeal. Now landing in fino condition, Ex the above ship. Terms at Salo. _ XHJ8 DAY. 8 Case« Valentino«. Without Roiorvo. To Stationer» and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO a TION, at their rooms, 88 Colllns-streot wost, on luesdsy, February 8, at 11 o'clock, 8 ca Without reserve. Terms at 8atc._ TIÜDUÄY. 8 Cates Primo Uavanrab Clear». ' To Tobacconltts and Others. WEASEY find Co. v. ill SBLLbyAUO a IluN, Kttlulr rucms, 8? Collins-street, west, on j uodM, K'bnimy 8, at 11 o'clock, i acastntiime H«\annah elinr«. '1 erins al haie, j *nis DAY. To Close Accounts. B¿I,J"».JTbumb Bin«. Mustard, starch.*/ 6 rían«, miinr-af.l. 6 cases muscatels 80 half-boxes do 6 cases thumb blue 16 do Thompson's mustard IS do do do 10 do Champion's do 80 do Colman'« starch. To close accounts. _Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 27 Oases Sardines. 60 Varey«» York Hams, To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Otheri EA8EY and Co. will 8Er,T. >J ," » T . TION. at their roo»M8 S,»' «m Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'clock """«fl. 27o»aes«ardineB ' 60 Varey's York hains. Terms at Sale, WEDNEBDAY, FEBRUARY ¡¡ "* ", TPS,the B*ll'»»y Plaiform 03,000 Feet Scotch Flooring Bosrili To Timber Me,ch.nts¿ Builder,, §SL,m WEASEY and Co. will SELL by ADP a TION, on the Railway Platform, onÄ d»y, February 0, at 11 o'clock, Í ffM"> Ex Admiral, »MOO^oot Scotch T.and G. flcKrlng-boudi, 1 '._Terms Liberal WEDNEBDAY, FEBRUARY o] *" , On the Premisos, Lonnox-stroet, near the Bridc-e.,«! , Riehmond. < To Gentlemen, Families, and others Purchasers of First-class Furniture! %XT EASBY and Co. bave received lnirtnt. .TV . tiona from gontlemen relinqalikto, ffi keeping to SELL by AUCTION, ou lie p,eS Lennox-street, near the Bridg.-road, RlchC? Wednesday. February 0. al 12 o'clock;luclllMlld" « The whole of the furniture and appends«« of th, household, consisting of- frT"»!«! ci tr»j i Dlningroem, Extension dining-tablo Chiffonniere, marble top Choirs, arm-chairs, and conches, en raitt i Drawlngroom, Handsome centre-table Rot kcase Chairs, easy.chairf, and lonnges, en luitt Valuable engravings by Uniseer Mirrors Brilliant-toned pianoforte, In roitwooa. " Bedrooms. inltoof solid oak furniture, very eleni! completo Painted and iron bedstead« Paillasses Hair mattresses, pillow», bolsters, 4c. Mirrors Toilotto tables and glanes Chest drawers Bureau , Wardrobe. ' Pantry. Dinner and dotscrt services Breakfast do Glass and china ware Kitchen utensils And the usual appondagc« of a (¡entlemu'i hold, i Oho auctioneers beg to call tlio attention of Int. furnishing to the abovo sale. ThofurnltnreiilallM. rate order, and of a most complete description, alt lotruoB of which may be had at the roomi of tie m. tloneers, ., "? _Without Résolve. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, Two-Btoriod balcony and vorandth Hoare. Clarendon-place, Emerald Bill. To Gentlemen, Speculator«, and others. WEASEY and Co. have received Inettcc. . Mont to SELL by AUCTION, at their KA 88 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, robrunï at 12 o'clock, 1H All that substantial weatherboard twoxW house, with balcony and vorandtb, cenldú; fivo best room», kitchen, servantKo«m,i¡ií lery, stables, 4c; Is most substantial ibttti and fitted in a superior manner, harlts i frontage of 62 feet to Little Peuk-ttreet bj i dopth of 81 feet, with a right-of-way of U fittti both sides. There is a tank, with a constant sappi; of iii purest water, on the premises. This is a doalrablo property, either for lortstirtt or occupation, being favorablo situated on tkttil and certain to command a good tenant. ' Title quite perfect. Terms-One-third cash ; balance, three ul u months'. | THURBDAY, FEBRUABY 10. At 11 o'clock. At the Stores of Mr. 0. 8. Shoddy, comer of li cr and Collins streets. 70 handsome Marble Usntolpiecet, To Builders, Parties Furnishing, and Olbin. W'EABEY and Co. have reoeived h, a structions from Mr. 0. S. Sheddy te S8U hy AUCTION, at his stores, corner of Kia; at Collin» streets, on Thursday, February 10, ti 11 o'clock sharp, 70 handsome statutory marble mantelptecss. Bomo of tho most beautiful dotlgns and pattern (Vtr offered In this markot. Ternis at Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, < At 12 o'clock. Valuable Freehold Property, Situate Comer if Wellington and Northumberland meet«, (Win- wood, Opposite Hancock'» Family Hotel. Brick-built Shop, Storr, and Dwellli'ghome,Occipl«l ' by Mr. Bony, Grocer, 8 Brick-built Dwtlllng-houics, In Wdlligtoi-itrttt S Wooden Houses, In NorthnmboiHnd-iiieel, «ill Kxtenslve Yard, fltsblleg, «¡ft To Capitalist«, Tradesmen, Livery Stable Etepm, and Other« in search or Desirable FremkH, er Flrst-clais Investments. \tr EASEYandOo. baveiBceivedlmtrK-i TV a tiona from the proprietor to SKLIt britW T10N, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tcfsiir, February 22, at 12 o'clock, The following valuablo properties, viz. : All that pleco or parcel of land, bavin;itali;) of 40 feet to Wellington-street by a dtpthcftfl feet to Northumberland-street, Hen null eastward 181 feet; then at right acrid wirri 46 feet, then at right angles north«)/ ISM. On the property are erected tho toileting dûàrii buildings :- ' That capital spacious shop, store and dwell»!' house, occupied by Mr. Berry, r.rocer. 8 brick-built dwelllughouiesln Wellington-Streit. 2 wooden cottage, with extensivo yard, staklrr. Se. In all producing a rental ol BOO!, por annum, This de bira bio property will be lound deiorriiftt« attention of all punios. The buildings are ertclti t tbe most substantial manner, and thosltustloste business is flrst-rato. The property stands on «lují lot of land, and is opposite Hancock's Ftmily Hot)1, Wellington-street. Torras, Liberal, declared at Sale. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28. At 12 o'clock Valuable Building Sites. Gardiner'« Creek-rosd. South Yarra. Extentlvo Sale of Building Bite, in tho Mott DolnH Part of theGardlner's Creek-road and Yamuti«, Benth Yarra. To Capitalist«, Genllemon, Speculators, BnUdert, «nd Others lu Quest of First-Olasi Building «fir, or Investments. W' EA8EY and Co. have received ki' s atrucllons from Wm. Smith. Kiq, toSIU by AUCTION, at their room», Collu» street, n Monday, February 28, at 12 o'clock, lho following eligible building allotmenw LotBlB, 14,16, and 10, as nor plan, oach having a frontage of «fe«M the Gardiner's Creek-road, by adepto ef ü»«*. with a righl-ol-woj In nar of - leet, Lot 17. Corner of Gardiner'« Creek-road »nd Varra-stree», having a frontago of 103 feet to tb« Giriliu» Creek-road, by a depth, or »Bolterl«>fj>f Yarra-ttreet of 200 feet, with a rigbtaftiju rear of - feet. Lots 6, 7, 8,9,10,11,12. laen having a frontage of 66 test to Yin» Biri. by a depth of 106 feot. Lot» 1,2,3,4, »nd 6. Each having a frontago ol CO foot tp Yarra uren, by depths varying from 100 to 105 feet. . The. wholo of the above lot« are narked out,, Mt" i pirchaiorsprior lo the sale can witto lo»«'» KIïho auctioneer« can, with overy TM*¡¡¡$¡¡& mend this sale to tho attention of »U«'»Ä" " of obtaining first-rate building iltjf. .«A. liautilully Bltuate, in tho best «'»Ä'Ä road, and close to the terminus of »».M«'T"£ waymandon rlBiug ground. »»SB Si milos, by adciujhtful walk throughiib Boluw Gardens.' ivory minute iU«.»»«S the Yan», direct to the property; Jbillt Jf ' being cloie to the railway terminus,, lho wrt Ac., must render this ono of the inw» »pK»J' i re ptrtles near Melbourne. .. ¡¡¡¡¡a. ' puns of the allotment«, and ovtry »IMj » " lion, given to Intending purchaser«, onspp"»» the auctioneers. ,.,,.,,»"wertlttBiit Term«, liberal, declared in future M«»""" Title, Unexocptiontt>io^_______ PRELIMINARY NOTIOÏ. I bute Flrit-rate Bluestone Storer, situate 1»»» lane west, u _ v¿>¡¡ And at present in the ocMPÄffoT »nd Son«, »ndE. F. Sichel and Co. TO Merchants, O.pital »t». 8AA¡úíi. iu »oirchor HrBt-rato Builneu w»a WEABEYand Co.taff> Ä&& u,n^.rt,\r.KnLL.»vroW>^«^ V,i1.,?EeeglVcfa)l...and exteu.lv; twc^ffl Eichel »nd Co. . lh0 o0st«aDiWT a bese stores »re built In "» » 8clll to ::&.««,??*' 