VICTORIA.. NATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. GENERAL ABSTRACT, showing the Average Amount of the Liabilities and Assets of the National Bank of Australasia, within the Colony of Victoria, taken from the several Weekly Statements during the quarter from the 1st January to the 31st March, 1859 LIABILITIES. Notes in circulation, not beiring in- te est.,,. £ M.347 15 7 Billa in'circulatioii not bearing inter- est. 93 8 O Balances due to other banks. 472 16 li Deposits mit be irniB interest. 19.160 10 0* Depot-its bearing interest ". 733 3 4 Total «mount of liabilities £35,807 13 11 Amount of the capital stock paid up at this dato . 125,911 0 0 ASSETS. Colonial gold and silver and other -coined metala . 17".3-*î6 -1 10 Gold and silver in bullion or bars ... 5.721$ 10 2 Notes and bills of other banka . 2 520 2 1 Balances duo from other banka...... 22,714 16 6 Amount of all debta duo to the bank insluding notes, billa of exchange, and all stock and fund- ed debts of every description, excepting notes, bill* and other \- balances due to the said bank and from other banks. 72,312 5 9 Total amount of assets . £120,609 14 4 Osmond H. Gilles, Manager. Respecting the above we take the following from the Herald of the 18th instant :— With reference to the above average state- ment of the affairs of the National Bank of Australasia, it is necessary to observe — inas- much as the return is the first of this bank which has been published — that the actual deposits and circulation are now more than double the amounts indicated by the official abstract, and that those amounts are increasing daily. The business of the institution in January was gradually reduced to a mini- mum, in consequence of the dissensions which had for some time rendered the working mem- bers of the directory powerless to act energeti- cally on behalf of an undertaking which neces- sarily encountered much opposition at the out- set, and required an infinite deal of judicious management to establish it on a firm basis amongst the prosperous financial corporations of Victoria. We are glad to be enabled to state that, with the appointment of the present Board of Directors, the unfortunate differences to which we have alluded entirely ceased, and the Bank promises to achieve that final suc- cess which we believe to be not far distant. In presence of the fact, however, to which we have more particularly directed attention, viz., that the general abstract published in the Government Gazette fails to show the progress of the institution, an erroneous conclusion may possibly be arrived at regarding the nature and extent of that progress. We, therefore, lay great stress on the importance of the state- ment which we have made on the subject of the present aspect of matters connected with the bank, and may add, that the general abstract only shows the average amount of the liabili- ties and assets of the National Bank, within the colony of Victoria ; and does not furnish a statement of the capital invested in, nor of the assets derivable from, that portion of the busi- ness of the institution which has been initiated in London, and most successfully established in South Australia. [To show the progress of the Institution we may mention, in addition to the above infor- mation, that, at the present time, between Melbourne and Adelaide, the circulation of the Bank is upwards of £60,000, the deposits also exceeding that sum. At Adelaide the Bank is progressing wonderfully; it is in great favour with the public and goes by the name of the Peo- ple's Bank. Altogether, the National Bank is one of the most promising'of Victorian new insti- tutions. — Ed. H. T. C.] A sitting of the Vice-Admiralty Court of Vic- toria was held on the 19th, at half-past 9 o'clock, when the case of the California was brought under the consideration of the Judge (the chief justice,) for the purpose of perfecting some formal step respecting the attachment of the vessel and cargo in Hobson's Bay. The California left Ship Island on the 21st April, 1858, and, having encountered severe weather on the 27th July, the master, Captain Allen, put into Rio de Janeiro for repairs. It was found necessary to discharge the cargo in order that these repairs might be thoroughly executed. The expense of these proceedings was met by the master giving a bottomry bond on the ship and cargo for £5,265. The action taken before the Court has led to the attachment of the ship and cargo, but it appears, by the practice of Courts of Vice-Admiralty, two months' notice must be given before the holders of the bot- tomry can proceed to sale. A movement was originated among the.mer- chants of the city to secure unanimity in the observance of Saturday and Monday as holi- days. The principal firms have given in their adhesion to this movement. These days will be observed generally as a holiday at the Government offices. A requisition for presen- tation to the Chief Commissioner of Trade and Customs has been very numerously signed, requesting that the holidays be extended to the Customs department, due provision being made for the entering and clearing of vessels in cases of emergency. It is noticeable that on the recurrence of these periodical holidays much discontent and ill-feeling has hitherto been caused by the want of a little pre-arrangement. The proprietors of Bear's Weekly Circular have, it seems, been served with a writ of sum- mons at the instance of Mr. John Porter, the manager of the Provident Institute, claiming damages to the extent of £10,000, for the part which that paper has taken in calling attention to the position of the institution. The exports of gold by the Chinese for the first quarter of the current year amounts to 14,650 oz. There has been a considerable de- crease in the shipments, as for some time pre- viously the average exported by these Mon- golian sojourners was 25,000 oz per quarter. A correspondent of Bear's Circular states on the authority of James Dawson, Esq., of Port Fairy, that the spread of thistles in that quarter is becoming so great, that he estimates if they are not speedily eradicated, that they will take off 25 per cent. from the value of every station in the colony. The same writer cites several instances which have come within his personal knowledge, of lands rendered untenable and almost worthless from this cause, and urges that immediate and stringent measures should be taken to abate the nui- sance. The St. Kilda Chronicle intimates that the telegraph is likely to be extended to that suburb, as the Government only want asking to grant the boon at once. A steady demand for stations has latterly been maintained, especially for fattening runs on the north of the Murray. The uncertain policy of the Ministry in reference to the land question is said to have reduced the offers of proposing purchasers from 20 to 25 per cent. During the past week Messrs. Kaye and Butchart report the sale of Messrs. Macleay, Clarke and Co.'s stations, known as the ' Bur- rabogie and ' Mulberry-gong,' on the Mur- rumbidgee, with 35,000 sheep and 400 head of cattle, for £55,000. Mr. George Synnot reports the sale of the ' Upper Regions,' and 'Bone gar,' with 8000 sheep and 600 head of cattle, for the sum of £15,600, at the rate of 30s. per head for sheep and £6 for cattle. Mr. Charles Brown reports having sold two stations on the Murrumbidgee, N. S. W., known as 'Uran-; quinty' and ' Collingully' the property of J. G. Church, Esq., with 3000 head of cattle and 50 horses, for the sum of £17,320. Of stock Messns. Clough and Co. report the sale of 300 store bullocks, delivered at the station, in the Portland District, at £4 per head ; also 1350 wethers at 14s. 6d., and 2700 ewes and wethers at 12s. 6d. Mr. Frank Fowler, author of ' Southern Lights and Shadows,' has provoked, says the Age, from the Sydney papers some most, extraordinary disclosures respecting his per- sonal character and deportment while a resi- dent in that city. Frank ostentatiously announces himself on his title page as ' late of Her Majesty's Civil Service of New South W.ales.' The Sydney Morning Herald's explanation of this absurd puff is simply that Mr. Fowler, having been a reporter on the Empire, was appointed ' additional assistant shorthand writer to the Legislative Council,' an appointment which he did not long retain, as he was incapable of performing the duties. Bell's Life in Sydney speaks much more decisively of Mr. Frank's character, denounc- ing him as a ' measureless liar,' and ' swindler.' According to this authority, every step of his career in the colony was disgraceful. His first advent is thus described, ' He shipped himself as a schoolmaster to the female immi- grants who were coming out in the Kate, and thereby (like some of the literary stars of Tasmania) effected a notable stroke of economy. Frank's notions of how ' to teach the young idea how to shoot,' seem to have been peculiar, for he so far improved the opportunity afforded him by his position as to seduce one of his pupils, and she has since joined that class whose fate he pretends with whining hypocrisy to lament, as the ' lambs that have wandered from the great human flock.' The lawyers, official assignees, and others practising in the Insolvent Court, assembled to express their respect for the late Chief Commissioner, F. Wilkinson, Esq. About 50 gentlemen were present, and the Hon. J.B. Bennett, on their behalf, presented to Mr. Wilkinson a complimentary address, beauti- fully engrossed and illuminated on vellum, and signed by about 80 persons. Mr. Wil- kinson replied with considerable emotion, and then retired from the court. Business, says the Age of the 20th, has been remarkably quiet the last ten days, but this is generally the case immediately after the departure of the mail. To-day there have been extensive sales at auction of sugars and teas. The prices realised for Mauritius sugar indicate the firmness of the market, as they were fully up to recent quotations. A parcel of Manilla sugar sold for the somewhat unusual price of £43. At the sale of teas at Messrs. Easey and Co.'s the prices obtained were about the market standard. The following sales, says Bear's Circular, have taken place during the week :— Land in the Government township of Sunbury, at the rate of £2000 per acre. All the following are small properties situate in Collingwood :— 33 feet to Palmer-street by 210 feet deep, with brick cottage and small stone cottage, of two rooms each, £500 ; land, Nicholson-street, 33 feet frontage by 100 feet deep, £300 ; two brick cottages, Johnston-street, two roons each, with 15 feet frontage by 72 feet deep, £300 ; four-roomed weatherboard cottage, Wellington- street, 33 feet frontage by 100 feet deep, £250.; brick cottage of four small rooms, 25 feet to Stafford-street by 95 feet deep, £205 ; stone cottage of two rooms, with land 40 feet frontage to Gore-street by 40 feet deep £200 ; allotment of land, King William-street 29 feet by 100 feet, £6 6s. per foot ; three- roomed weatherboard house, with land, 40 feet to Vere-street by 59 feet deep, £150; an allotment, 44 feet to Kerr-street by 120 feet deep, with an old brick cottage, £160 ; a small brick cottage, three rooms, Brick-street, Rich- mond, 25 feet by 200 deep, £167 10s. ; 33 feet to Easey-street by 100 feet deep, two weather- board cottages, £146 ; an allotment of land, 40 feet to Vere-street by 98 feet to Park-street, 30s. per foot; small weatherboard cottage, with land, 26 feet to Campbell-street by 70 feet deep, £61. The 'Fausley' estate, of 1540 acres, was offered by auction on Monday last and withdrawn, the highest bid being £4 5s. per acre. At the Crown Land sale held on Tuesday last, the attendance was as numerous as could be expected from the positions of the lands offered, the land sold being situate at Frankston, Truganina, and Moorooduc. The quantity sold was 3105 acres, which realized £5892 7s. Mr. Wm. Lawrance reports a quiet market for flour, holders evincing no disposition to reduce prices, while needy buyers for certain country districts are compelled to give the prices asked for Adelaide morts, the only available flour now held in quantity; in many districts the country-mills are in full work and supply a very large quantity of flour. Imports continue on a moderate scale from South Australia, parcels now reach us from Tasmania ; barrel flour being obtainable at more moderate prices lately, is going into more extensive consumption ; some parcels of French flour have reached this market, although fine in quality, it wants strength, and is not found suitable for general baking purposes. The following are about the ruling prices for past weeks — Adelaide country £19 to £19 5s ; medium town £19 15s ; crown £20 Magarey's £20 10s ; Tasmanian £18 to £19 ; United States, barrel 40s. to 42s. Wheat is in fair demand, 8s. to 8s. 6d. Oats.— There have been a few speculative transactions in oats; but the trade seem to buy with extreme caution ; quotations for past week are as follows: — Scotch, 4s. 6d. to 4s. 8d ; Irish 4s. 9d. to 5s ; Danish, 4s. 6d ; Russian, 4s. 9d ; Calcutta, 4s. 9d; Californian, 5s. 3d; Colonial, 4s.9d. to 5s. 6d. Barley is in rather better demand, at following rates :— Californian, 3s. 6d ; Colonial-grown Cape, 5s, to 5s. 6d, English, 5s. 3d. to 6s. Maize is dull of sale, at 5s. 6d. Gram is salea- ble from £10 10s. to £11. Bran sells at 1s. 0d, ex ship, with evident decrease in consumption. Professor Parker gave an entertainment in the art of self-defence at Hockin's Large Room. His Excellency the Governor was present. The room was filled with an enthusiastic audience, comprising not a few ladies. The programme, which was somewhat lengthy, was successfully disposed of. Professor Parker cut through a sheep with a single stroke, severed a leg of mutton in like manner, and disparted a scarf with a scimitar. A bar of lead shared the same fate, having been severed at one cut of the broadsword. The combat, sword versus bayonet, was the most exciting of the evening. Sergeant-Major McLean, of ithe Yeomanry Cavalry, proved himself quite equal to the Professor in the use of either weapon. There was a very exciting duel between the Professor and the Sergeant-Major with the foils. We are rather inclined to think the Sydney champion had not counted on his antagonist. The Major was au fait at a breast thrust, which was only excelled by the waist cut of Mr. Parker. Rounds of applause were freely bestowed on the victors in the several contests. 