ABSTÄAOT op SALES BY AUCTION^ i THIS DAY. -p years. 0. S. Ross and Co.-At the Austraiuui>»>| pitch pine logs, and Oregon logs, ox Mllwaukio ; red deals, ox Queen of tho East ; moulded and other doors, and window sashes, ex Continent. 3Kr. J. Prince.-At premises, Johnston-street Household furniture and effects ; allotments at Footscray. Mr. N. Kinsjun.--At Warwick Cottago,- Johnston Btrcct-¡Housoliold furniture and groceries. Messrs. Fraser and Cobbs.-rAt the Mort-Butter, ollmon's "Btorcs, grocorics, crockery, glassware, ' sheepwash tobacco, Dutch carpeting (damagod),. grey sheetings (damaged), Feast's bottled fruits (damaged). _ - ?Messrs,"Beauchamp "Brothers.-At their rooms, Quccn-strcet-Immigrants' boxes. Messrs. Sïmons and Perky.-At No. 78 Gore-street, Collingwood-Household furniture. Messrs.-W. M. Tennent and Co.-At tho Austra- lian Wharf-Firebricks, flagging. - - Messrs. G.~ Thomas and Co.-On tho Australian Wharf-Clear pine, bluogum shafts and spokes. Attho.Railwoy Station, FHiidors- atreot-Bangor slatçs. At Now Dook-Launceston palings, red deals. i Messrs. W. EASEV and Co.-On the ground, Vic toriarparado-Bluestono building, brick-built cot- tage, and hay and corn stores. On tho Railway Platform, 'Flinders-Btreot- Crown Staffordshire iron, Baltic deals.--- _- -- Mr. J. Bellin.-At the Fitzroy Auction Mart Furniture, bedding, &c.; "" Messrs. Dalmajioy Gammell and Co,-At Market yards-Fat cattle. 3Sr. G. W als tab.-On tho premises, MUton-stroot, St. Kilda-Furniture, poultry, &c.; Messrs. S.'Graham and Co.-At their rooms, Col linB-strcot-Ledgers, account-books, papor, sta- tionery, novels, &c; Mr. J. Philp.-At promises, off Bourko-streot cast Household furniture, &o.; Sir. T. Gibbs.-On tlio promises, Flindors-lano east Horse, dray, harness, furniture, immigrants' boxes, &c.; Messrs. Edward Row and Co.-At thoir yards, Bourko-strcot-Imported boar. Mr. James Evans.-On tho premises, Cliuroh streot, Richmond-Stock of drapery, ready-made clothing, boots, shoes, &o;,_ Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. CO.OOOFeot Inch Whtto Pino T. and G. Tloorlng. To tho Timber Trade, Contractors, Builders, and Othors. CS. BOSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at Australian Wharf, on Thursday, August 25, at olovon o'clock, 60,000 foot 1-inch whito pino tonguod and grooved flooring. Tho abovo is of first quality and in fine order, and ireody fordallvory. Terms Liberal. ~ THIS DAY. Saslvwcights. Sashwcighls. To the Timbor Trado, Contractors, Builders, and Others. Co. ROSS and Co. v,M SELL by AUCTION, « at Australian Wharf, on Thursday, August 25, at eleven o'clock, ' ? 30 tons sash-vroights, assorted sizes, from 81b. to 181b._ " Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. 030 Moulded Doora. 200 Fairs Window Sashes. CO Sash Doors. 25 Raised-Panel Doora, OS. HOSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s on Australian Wharf, on Thursday, August 25, at eleven o'clock. Ex Continent, D30 mouldod doors, assorted sizes, from 2 ft 0 in. x 6 ft. 0 In. to 3 ft. x 7 ft, singlo and double mould SOO pairs window sashes, assorted sizes, from 8 x 10 to 10 x 14 BO sasrTdoors, plain and lipped, assorted sizes, from 2 ft. 0 in. x 0 ft. 0 in. to 8 ft, \ 7 ft. 35 Taisod-panol doors, assorted sizes, from 2 ft. 6 in. x 6 ft. 6 in. to 3 ft. x 7 ft. Tho above aro now landing in fine ordci, and aro of first quality. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY 528 Red Deals, 11 x 3, Solid. 8,100 Do, 9 x 3, Do 278 Do, 11 x 8 8 out To Doalors, Contractors, Builders, and Othors CS ROSS and Co will SELL bj AUCTION, a on Australian Wharf, onThurstiay, August 25, nt eleven o'clock, Ex Queen of tlio East, 528 red deals, 11 x 8, solid, assorted lengths, from 0 feet to 24 foot, principally long longths 3,100 red dealB, 0x8, solid, assorted lengths, from 12 feet to 25 feet 278 red deals, 11 x. 3, 3 cut, assorted longths, from.17 feet to 22 foot Tho abovo aro of splondld pualitj, aio now landing 5b fine order on the New Dock, w hero intending pur- chasers are requested to view Terms Liberal THIS DAY 68 Oases Galvanised Corrugated Iron. E Do Do Plain Do To tho Timber Trado, Contractors, Builders, and Others Jf>< S. ROSS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, ^Jm on Australian Wharf, on Thursday, AugUft B6, at eleven o'clock, 6 cases-200 Bhoots galvanised corrugated iron, O feet by 80 inches, 20 gauge 16 cases-800 sheets do do, 7 feet by 80 inchos, 24, gaugo 6 cases-250 sheets do do, G feet by 30 inches, 24 gauge 12 cases-600 shoots do do, 0 feet by 30 inchos, 20 gaugo 15 caaes-825 slioets do do, 8 feet by 24 Inchos 24 gaugo 6 cases-850 sheets galvamsod plain Iron ?i barrels galvanised rivets i dodo washers The abovo is a fresh lot, just landed, in line .rdcr, and of tho best manufacture Terms Llboral THIS DAY Largo and Extensive Sale of Timbor Ex Milwaukio 226 Writo Pine Hown Logs, containing 142,080 Toot Super 127 Do Sawn Do, containing 00,244 Do Ex ride TVhlto Pino Sawn Logs, containing 10,607 Toot Super 135 Pitch Pino Do, containing 40,670 Do Ex Edwin Torrest d4 Oregon Sawn Logs, containing 120,805 Foot Super To the Timber Trade, Contractors, Builders, nnd Others i CS ROSS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, a on Australian Wharf, on Thursday, August £6, at cloven o'clock, Without resorvo, To close accounts, ExMihvauklo, 225 whlto pino hown logs, containing 142,080 foot Bupor, from 10 x 10 to 10 -c 10, and from 20 to 45 feet lengths 187 do sawn logs, containing 00,244 foot supor, from 11 x 11 to 17 x 17, and from l8 to 40 feet lengths Ex Tides, 41 vrlilto pino sawn logs, containing 10,507 foot super, from 10 x 10 to 16 x 16, and from 28 to 85 feet longths 67 pitch pine do, containing 25 812 feet super, from 10 x 10 to 14 x 14, and horn 30 to 60 feob lengths . 78 do do, containing 21,204 foot super, from 8 x 14 to 12 x 14, and from l8 to 47 feet lengths Ex Edwin Tonest 100 Oregon Bawn logs, containing 12,485 feet, super, 0x6, assorted lengths £5 Oregon do do, containing 7,330 feet, 0x8 and 0 x 10, assorted lengths 188 Oregon do do, containing 24,000 foot supor, 0 x 12, 0 x 14, and 0 x 10, assorted lengths 127 Oregon do do, containing 23,470 foot super, 8x8, 8x0, 3x10,8x12,8x14, ondOxlO, , assorted longths i ' 101 Oregon do do, containing 85,247 foot supor, 12 x 12,12 x 14, and 14 x 14, assorted lengths TheabovoiBalllandod andstorod in Mr O L Tlirock Tnorton's yard, opposlto the Australian Wharf, where 3Jitendlng purchasers aro requested to view A largo portion of the vvluto pine logs can bo used as dear pino, and thobalanco will mako splondld Bhclving amd flooring Tho pitch pine and Oregon loga aro first quality Without reserve Torms liberal_ " THIS DAY. At Two o'clock ^Household Furniture and Effects of a Family leaving Molbounio, Johnston streot, near the Police Station. At the Same Timo, U4 Allotments of Land, near the Railway, Footscray. Without tho least Reserve , T PRINCE will SELL by AUCTION, on tho «J « promises lately occupied by Mr Antis, on .Thursday, August 25 at two o'clock, ¡ The household furniture, consisting of- I A largo cedar dinlng-tablo, superior eano bottom chairs, iron bedsteads and boddlng, dinner service, carpet and matting, washing tubs, and tho usual kitchen utensils Also, 14 lots of valuable land, situate near tho Railway, Footscray Particulars at sale. Terms-cash J. Prince, auctioneer and houso agent, 184Moor «treet, Collingwood_ THIS DAY ~~j At Two o'clock "XT KINSMAN has received instructions "1^1 . to SELL by AUCTION, on tho premises, ' ^Warwick Cottage, near the Galloway Arms, Johnston »Lriet. Colling'« ood, on Thursday, August 25, 'at two "Vclock, f Household furniture, and sundry lot of Groceries. y Kinsman, auctioneer, 8 Moor street, Collingwood. ( y WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 81. i Freehold, Northcote. . IWOlVO o'oliv*' ( JIOBOI TftNSMAN lias leeeived instructions to -? BELI¡byAUCTION, on the ground, on Wed Th'fpÄyls "O" situate 1, near Mx.Tumo^ ^lüpÄSuctioneer, 3 Moor street, Collingwood. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. " 100 Trunks of Suporlor Boots and Shoes. \ J' Ex Morning Light ' , VTTIItASER and COHEN ore instructed* by f*|j Messrs. Hyam and Co. to SELL by AUCTION? at the Mort, in a fow days, as soon as landed, due i otico of which will bo given, Ex Morning Light, 100 trunks of Bostook's superior assorted boots and shoes Tho abovo shipment is a most sultablo parcel for iho present season, and woithy tho notico of tho Irado \--Terms-Undor £100, cash ; abovo that sum, ap- proved acceptances at three months'. . PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 88 Cases of Elegant Furniture and Fancy Goods. Ex Zuleika and Saracen. E BASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho Mart, in a fow days, as Boon as ed, duo notico of which will be gi von, .__ Ex Zuleika and Saracen, 86 cases of elegant English made furniture, piano« f ortos, and faney goods, consisting of- ? \- Polished mahogany circular back borgoiro chairs, on stands Do do, with plate boards _Now pattern Jonny Lind whatnots Maliogany easy-chiirs, covorcd in leather cloth i ' Do office desk slopes Gondola cosy chaira .""'' Canterbury whitaots Music stools ?' _Spanish mahogany library tables Walnut davenports Mahogany chests drawers Inlaid walnut coffee-tables \- Cane-back double folding chairs Ü Sandwich tra} s and stands » Office washstands, forming writing desks, fitted Cottago sideboards Office desks, carved legs, drawers, &c;, -Derby chairs , Mahogany office or chamber closots, and book i presses Bagatelle tables Pianofortes, 0J octaves Writing-desks Dressing-cases, complete Copying ink "Law parchment "Foolscap Law paper Em elopes Mngnuw-bonuni pens t Cash-boxes. Terms at Sale. F Thuri THIS DAY. 250 Cases Shoepwash Tobacco. TÍÍRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC JP TION, at thoir rooms, Collins street west, on ' Thursday, August 26, at cloven o'clock, 260 cases sheepwash tobacco. t_Terms, Libornl, Declared at Salo. TniS DAY. " \- On Account of Whom it May Concorn. i 1 RASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, nt thoir rooms, Collins-street west, on TÜursday, August 26, at eleven o'clock, Ex Lord Raglan, _1 balo Dutch carpoting, I Moro or less damaged by seawatcr. _Terms at Solo._ \- THIS DAY. i J '. On Account of Whom it May Concern. __ With All Faults. XH RASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC P TION, at the Mort, on Thursday, August W, at oloven o'clock, With all laults, 96 cases Feast's bottled fruits, each 2 dozen. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. 10 Casks Glassware. TPRASER and COHEN will SELL byAUC P TION, at tho Mort, on Thursday, August 25, at eleven o'clock, 10 casks glasswoio, consisting of Cruets Mustards Salts Tumblers Sugars AncT Creams. Torms at Sale. < THIS DAY, On Account or Whom it May Concern. More or Less Damaged. Ex I o-w Chew. T71 RASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC P -TION, at tho Mart, on Thursday, August 25, at eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, _ Moro or loss damaged, Ex Low Chew, 30 in triangle, B and S under, 1001-1 halo 20 pieces 8 4 grey sheetings, 0781 -jords 1002-1 do, 20 do do, 887i do 1003-1 do, 20 do do, 084} do. 1004-1 do, 26 do do, 1649} do 1005-1 do, 20 do do, 1162 do 1000-1 do, 20 do do, 1160} do. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY 100 Firkins of Cummings and Brcmner's Doublo Rose Coik Butter Just Landed Guaranteed Parcel FRASER -md COHEN will SELL by AUC TION at the Mart, on Thursday, August 25, at eleven o clock, 100 Arkins of Cummings and Bremner s doublo reso Coik butter Guaranteed Terms at Sale THIS DAY I 300 Coses Oilmen s Stores. To Closo Accounts TT1RASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC Jj TION at tho Mart, on Thursday, August 25, at eleven o clock, To closo accounts, 300 cases oilmen s stores Torms at Sale. ( THIS DAY To Groceis Provision Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others 204 Packages Just Landed, Ex Low Chew ERASER and COHEN -nill SELL by AUC- TION at the Mart on Thursday, August 25, at eleven o clock, E\ Low Chow, 76 firkins Cummings s rose butter 25 coses each 4 dozon, Feast s jams , 10 do, (lo pickles 40 do Cheddar loaf choeso , 128 do raisins l 9 pockets Belgian hops 7 catos Yarmouth bloaters Terms at Sale \- THIS DAY ¿"5 Crates ot Assorted Crockery FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho Mart, on Thursday, Aufcust 6, at eleven o clock, _ Without reserve, 25 crates assortod crookory, consisting ot Dinner services Breakfast do Jugs _ MngB Cups and saucers t Toilet ware Bowls _Terms at Sale_ PRELIMINARY NOTICE l8 Cases English furniture A Well assorted Involco Ex Saracen BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen street, on an early doj, duo nottoo of which will bo given, l8 cases of Lnglish furniture _Ex Saracen_ THIS DAY. Td Dealers and Others Immigrants Boxes -QEAUCBUIP BROTHERS will SELL by JJ AUCTION, at their roomB, Queen street, on Thursday, August 20, at eleven o clock, Tho remander of the boxes from the Immigrants] Aid Sooletj ~By order of the Committee Removed for convenience of salo Without Reservo TUFSDAY, AUGUST 80 To Parties Furnishing Furniture Dealers, and I Others I l8 Cases of Superior English mado Furniture Ex Saracen Loo Tables, Marble slab Washstands, doublo and Bingle Hall Chairs, Oak Patent Bedsteads,! Hat and Umbrella Stands, &o.; "DEAUCHÄMP BROTHERS have received Jj instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their roomB, Queen street, on Tues- day, August 80, at eloven o clock, The undermentioned superior articles of English furnituro ~« I Ex Saracen 12 mahogany leo tables, 4 feet 12 do do 3 feet 0 inches 0 do washstands, 4 foot marble slabs 0 do do, 8 foot do 0 oak hall chairs 12 do handsomely carved Patent mahogany bedstops Hat and umbrella stands , Mahogany chests of drawers, &c; ParticB in want of really good furnituro will fina this a good opportunity of Buftlng themselves, as they it ill be sold _Without Reserve SATURDAY, AUGUST 27. ! At Ono o clock. St Kilda Auction Mart Clearing out Sole of Household Furniture ^ W SCHULTZ bcßsto pt es notice that hd «. has taken tho St Kilda Auction Mort, and id inmructedbyMr Kelson to SELL by AUCTION, oa fSdav? AugUBt 27, at one o clock, buckets, wiro binda, crocuco, s»»«»«» Súrtame, mattresses, spring bed, two ffi bagrtelle board, blankets, table- covers* T5LrnanSSs. lamps kitchen dresser, platal Kndcoffee ¿ot, clocks, door mats two car nTnters1 Äes>tof tools, bed ticks,fiower^ Sots, Jlrtures, tooks, paper, axe- handles, tub», drawers, -matting, casks, Ac ^ Terms-cash Without Reserve THIS DAY. Household Furniture. To Parties Furnlshlrig, Dealora, and Others. ÇJYMCNS and PERRY are instructed by the JO proprietor, who is leaving for England, to SELL by AUCTION, at No. 78 Goro-stroot, Collingwood (near the Builders' Arms), on Thursday, August 25, at twelvo o'clock, Tho wholo of tho household furniture and offocts consisting of Loo tables, bookeaso, chiffomiloro, sideboard, cabinet, couch, chairs, sora, work-table, _"_" paintings ond ongravlngs, bedsteads and bedding, chests of drawers, washstands and fittings, ladies' and gentlemen's wardrobes, choval and other glasses, kitchon utensils, &e.; _Terms at Sale, FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. i To Druggists and Others, i Tho Remainder of tho Stock-in-Trado. OH tho Promises of Mr George Wilson, 43 Collins street vi est. QYMONS-and PERRY-wiU SELL by AUC-* )3 TION, on tho premises, 48 Collins street west, on Friday, August 20, at olovon o'oloek, i Tho remainder of the stock in trade of Mr. Goorgo Wilson, chemist and druggist, consisting of ~~ Drugs , i \ Druggiats'aundrlos I j Patent medicines Household furniture, &c.; i No reservo. , I _Terms-Cash. _ MONDAY, AUGUST 20. Household Furniture, Removed for Convonlonc3 of Solo. SYMONS -and PERRY will SELL by AUC-~ . TION, at thoir roomB, Collins-street, on Mon- day, August 29, at twolvo o'clock, * Piano, sideboard, chüTonnioro, dining-tablo, loo tablo, chairs, bedeteods and bedding, carpets, \- kitchen utensils, Sio. <. Removed for convonloneo of solo. "_Terms-Cash._ WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 31. "~ Important Solo of Valuablo Suburban Properties and Country Lands, in tlio Parishes of Jika Jika, Moorabbin, Carisbrook, and Brighton. By Order of tho Mortgagees, i Without Reserve. CJYMONS and PERRY ore instructed to SELL IO by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, Collins streot, on Wednesday, August 81, at twolvo o'clock, Tho undermentioned v aluablo properties : Firstly, All that plcco or parcel of land situato, lying, and being hi tho parish of Moorabbin, lu tho county of Bourke, in tho colony of Vic- toria, being part of Dendy's special survoy of 6,120 acres, now Known as tho Brighton Estate, _and boing Lots Nos. 28. 24, 25, 28, 27, and 28 ; on the plan of subdivision of tho Bloik No. 6 of the subdivision of tho bald Brighton Estate, and bounded on tho north by a road of 1 chain wido, bearing westerly 370 feet 0 inches, more or less ; thon on the west by a street of 60 toot wide, _jrosorvcd out of said Block 6, and called Sussox , street, bearing south 188 feet ; then on the south 'by a lano or woy of 10 feet wide, also reserved out of tho said allotment, being a Uno bearing east 105 feet ; then again on tho west by tho ond ot ' the said right-of-vv ay, Tieing n lino bearing south 10 feet ; then again on the south by Lot No. 22 of the said block, being o lino bearing cast 1E8 foot, "and on tho cast by a road of 1 chain wido, calle! tho Melbourne road, bearing north 70 fcot,homo to tho commencing point Secondly, All that piece or parcel of land in the said colony ot Victoria, containing by admeasurement 160 acres, be tho samo molo or less, situato in tho county of Talbot, parikli of Consbrook, Portion 20, boundoi on the north by a line boaring west 40 chains ; on tho wost by Portion 86 and the termination of a road 1 chain wido, bearing south SO chains, on the south by Portion 27, bearing oiBt 40 chains; and on the east by part of Portion 82, bearing north 8» chains, boing the land put up to sale by auction as Lot 21, iu pursuance of tho proclamation of the 12th day of January, 1858, and subsequently selected by one William Redmond Belcher, undor tho 11th paragraph of tlio regulations of tho 1st day of March, 1848. Thirdly, All that pieco or parcel of land situate in tho parish of Moorabbin, in the county of Bourko, in tho ' colony of Victoria, being part of Henry Dondy's special survoy of 5,120 acres, now known as tha Brighton Estato, and being Lota 155 and 150 on tho plan of subdivision of Block No. 5 of tho Brighton Estato, commencing at the south- west corner of tho said Lot No, 155, at tho junction of a reserved streot of 60 feet wido with the Government reservo fronting Uobson's Bay, bounded on the west by the said reservo In a line bearing north from sold cominenchig-poiiit 75 foot ; on the north by other part of tho Slid special survoy lately agreed to bo purchased by tho said Albert Read, in a Uno at right angles to the last line, boaring east 102 feet ; on tho cast by a certain reserved street 60 feet wide, i called Victoria- street, In o lino at right angles to tlio last Uno bearing south 180 feet, and on the south by Wellington street aforesaid, in a lino bearing north vvestorly 207 foot, homo to tho commencing point Fourthly, All that pieeo or parcel or land situato m tno partsn of Moorabbin, In tho county of Bourke, In tho colony of Victoria, being part of Henry Dendy's special snnoy of 2,120 acres, now known as tho Brighton Estate, and bolng Lots 167 and 168 on tho plan of subdivision of Block No. 5 of tho Brighton Estate, commencing on tho western boundary Uno of said block at a point distant 75 feet noith from tbo south-western corner of Bald , block, thenco In a Uno bearing further north 8 J feet; from thenco in a line at right angles to thu last^Hno bearing cast 192 feet to Victoria-street, tbon in a Uno at right angles along tho western side of Victoria-street SO feet, and from thenco ao right angles to tho Btartlng- polnt 102 feet, bein;; bounded on'tho south by Lot 160, tho property ot tho said Albert Read. Fifthly, All that'pieeo or parcol of land in the colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement 1 acre, bo tho samo moro or less, situato iii the county of Bourko, parish of Jika Jika, bolng part of Portion 124 of tho said parish, and comprising Lot No. 80 on tho orlginnl plan of subdhisioii or tho said portion, bounded on tho west commencing at a point on the southern boundary lina of tho said portion distant 515 feet 2 luches cast from the south-west corner thereof, by a street' 40 foi. wide," reserved through tho sale! portion, au I called Do Cnrlo-strcot, bearing north 141 feet; on tho- north by other part of said por- tion, being Lot 85 on said plan of subdivision, by a Uno bearing cast 310 feet 0 inches ; on til» ' . cast by pait of Lot No. 43 on tho sold plan, being u. Uko boarlng south 141 feet ; and on tho south liy part of Portion 111 of the said parish, being a line boiling west 810 feet 0 inches, to tho point of com- mencement. ' Sixthly, All that ' other pioco or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 of tho said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 84 to!04, both inclusive, on tho plan of subdivision, by tho Bald Hobelt Willan, of Lots 06, 00, 07, and 08, on the original plan or subdivision of the said Îiortion, commencing on tho noithern boundary ino of tho said portion at a point distant 2,107 foot 2 Inches cost from tho north-west corner thereof, bounded, on the north by part of rortion 127 of the said parish, bearing cast 113 feet 0 inches ; on i the east by a streot 30 feet w ¡do, called Victoria street, rcBorvoel by tho said Robert Willan, hcor " ing south 483 feet ; on tho south by other part of said Portion 124, bearing west 113 feet 0 inches ; 1 and on the west also by othor part of the said l'oi ttpn 124, bearing north 483 fcot, to tho commoiic . Jng-point, Sovonthly. All that othor piece or parcel of land in tho sol I colony, boing other part of Portion 124, in tho ' said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 74 to ' ~* '8ir"both inolusive, on tho sold plan of subdivision by tho sold It. Willan, commencing on tho northern boundary lino of tho said portion at a point" dictant 2,260 feet 8 inches cast from tim north-webt corner thereof, bounded onlhonoitli by part of the soid Portion 127, bearing cast ill feet ; on tho cast by a street 80 feet wldo colled La Trobo-stroet, reserved by tho Bald R Willan, bearing south 184 feet; on tho south by other part' of said-Portion 124, bearing west 111 feet: and on tho west by Victoria- street aforesaid, bearing north 184 feet, to tho commcucing-point. Eighthly, AU that other pieeo or parcel of land in tho said colony, bolng other part of Portion 124 of said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 51 ts 68, both inclusive, on said plan of subdivision by tho said R. Willan, commencing on tho nor- thern boundary-lino of said portion at a point distant 2,301 feet 8 inches cost from tho north- west corner thereof, bounded on the wost by L t Trobc-strcct aforesaid, bearing south 1S4 feet ; on itho south by other part of said portion boarinçf. cast 111 foot : on tho east by a street 80 feet wide, callod Albort-stroot, reserved by tho Bald R. Willan, bearing north 184 foct, and on tho north, hy part of said Portion 127, bearing wost 111 feet, to tho commonclng-point. . Ninthly, AU that other piece or parcel of land In tho said colony, ,boing other part of Portion 124 of the Bald parish ) of Jika Jika, comprising Lots 47, 48, and 49 on tho said plan of subdivision by tho said It. Willan, commencing on tho cast Bido of La Trobe street aforesaid, nt-a point distant 207 feet south from, tho lusfc-nieiltioncd point on the northern boun- dary lino of.tho sold portion, bounded on tho west by La Trpbc-strcot aforesaid, boarlng further south 00 feet, on tho south by othor part of tho said portion, bearing cost 111 feet, on tho cast by Albert-Btrcot-aforcsaid boarlng north 19 foot, and on tho north also by other part of tho said] portion, bearing west 111 foot, to tho conunencing polnt. ", " Tonthly. All that other, piece or parcel of land in tho said colony being other part of Portion 124 of tho said parish, comprising Lots 82, 88, B4, and 85,on tho , sold plan of subdivision by tho' said R. .Willan, commencing cn tho northern boundary lino of tho said portion at a point distant 2,632 feot 8 inches cast from tho north-west corner thereof; bounded on tho west by Albert-street aforosaid, bearing south 92 foot; on the south by other part of tho said portion, bearing cost 113 foot 0 inches ; on tho cost also by other part of the said portion, bearing north 02 feet ; and on tho north by part of said Portion 127, boarlng west 118 feet 0 inches, to the commonclng-point.' Eleventhly. AU that other plcco or parcel of land in tho sold colony, -being other part of Portion 124 of tho sold parish, and comprising Lots 24 to 30, both Inclusive, on tho said plan of Bubdivision by the BaidK, willan, commencing on tim cast sido of Albert-stroct aforesaid at a point distant 116 foot south from the lastmcntioncd point on tho northern boundary line of the said portion ; bounded on the west by Albert-street aforesaid, bearing south 101 feet ; on the south by other port of .the said pon tion bearing cast 113 feet 0 inches ; on the oasl by othor part of the Bald portion bearing west m feet 6 inches, to tho commencing-point. Together with, All and "sundry the various huUdlngs, messuages ind tenements erected and built thereon; , r Or which Furthcr'pttUoulars may bo obtained on application lo WtaflcW Attcnborough, Esq., solicitor, CoUln* street, or at tho oiEcca of Uio nuettlonecrs. urecv, « ^ TerniBatSaUvSKa* FOR PRÍVATE SALE. ! To Persons on tho Look-out for First-olass Property." SYMONS and PERRY have received ia struetlonB from tho proprietor to SELL bj PRIVATE CONTRACT. 2 tw ostoried stono and brick houses, situated ia " Nicholson-street, opposite Carlton-gardens, ona "houso containing soven ropms, tlio other shs rooms, of convenient size, standing on a piece ot ground having a frontago of 40 foot to Nlcliolson streot by a depth of 180feot to a right-of-way. Title, ürst-rato. A portion of the purchase-money can romain oa mortgage at 8 per cent, por annum. THIS DAY "~" 10,000 Boat Firo-Brlcks. At tho Australian Wharf. To Builders, Contractors, and Others. WM. TENNENT nnd Co. will SELL by . AUCTION, at tho Australian Wharf, oa llThursday, August 25, at o'oven o'clock, 10,000 best flro-brlcka. Terms at Salo. " THIS DAY. ' ' At Eleven o'clock. At tho Australian Wharf. 1,000 Square Yards Flogging. î Squared, Toolod, and Polished, .? - Ex Donald M'Kay. ii ) To Contractors, Buildors, and Othors. m M. TENNENT and Co. have received y y a instructions from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at tho Australian Wharf, on Thursday, August 26, at cloven o'clock, 1,000 square yards flagging, squared, tooled, and polished. Ex Donald M'Kay. Terms at solo. Samples may bo seen at tho rooms of tho ano-, tioncor ? w SATURDAY, AUGUST 27. At Elovon o'clock. 64 Bags China Rico. All Faults. On Aocount of Whom it May Concern. M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by . . . AUCTION, at their rooms, on Saturday, August 27, at eleven o'clock, " 64 bags China rico. , All faults. On account of whom it moy concern. Tonns-Cash. SATURDAY, AUGUST 27. Postponed in consequonco of the Elections. " 80 Packages of Seasonable Drapory, Clothing, Blankets, Coburgs, Orleans, Calicoes, i Shirtings, ¿se. For Unreserved Sale. To Drapers, Clothiers, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. havo received a instructions to SELL by AUCTION, att heir, rooms, on Saturday, August 27, at olovon o'clock,) v > f 1 bale, 60 pairs, G 4 and 10-4 blankets 1 case, 25 dozen, fanoy regatta shirts, woshod and boxed -1 bald 8-4 groy calico 31 caso 0-4 black coburgs and orleans ( 1 balo, 46 dozen-twill regatta shirts, with Undera 1 do, 60 pieces, Hoylo's H. and E. H. 7"J2 cases men's urah, molo, and cord trousers, Unod , % 3 balo 80-Inoh groy shirting, red and bluo _ 1 do do, pink and buff , " ^3 do 0-8 Bhlrtlngs v 1 do 80-inch shirtings ( , 1 do 8-4 sheeting 2 do Wigan shooting ^ 'iido, 25pairs, 11-4and 12-4blankets t ' vl caso 72-inch cotton shcetbig 2 bales 30-Inch longcloths i ' 1 do 30-inch groy calico ldo 8-4 groy calico 1 do 82-inch longcloth 1 do 80-lnch do 2 do 8-4 groy calico 3 do 86-inch longcloth, &o;, Prom the well-known houses- Groatoux, Beal], and Co., J. B. and W. Nevill and Co., Henry Bannerman, and Sons, J. C. Boyd and Co. Without reservo. , ii Terms at Salo. Obsorve-Saturday, August 27, at Elovon o'clock. MONDAY, AUGUST 20. , At Elovon o'clock. At the Bondod Stores of Messrs, Fanning, Nankivell, \- and Co., Sponcor-streot B3 Hair-chests Congou Toa. All Faults \IT M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by TY 7» AUCTION, at tho bonded stores of Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., Sponcor-streot, on Mon- day, August 20, at cloven o'clock, 03 half-ehcsta congou tea. j i Terms at Sale. ' THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. . 2,000 Bags China Rico. I Ex Amherst. To Merchants, Grocers, Storolioopors, and Othors. \JST* M. TENNENT and Co. have received f T . instructions from tho importers to SELL by" AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Thursday, Seplembor 1, at twelve o'clock, 2,000 bags China rice, ~ Ex Amherst. _Terms at Sale. _ FRIDAY, AUGUST 26. \- Unreserved Solo of Pepper, Grain, and Rice A 'G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, .XX» in his room«, Collins street, on Friday. Augustr24, at elovon o'clock, A quantity of Pepper Gram, and Tüte. 1 Very slightly damaged. _No Resorve, FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. To Cornfuotors and Others. 760 Bushels Danish Oats. ; A- -JO. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _£X* in his.rooms, ColllnB-Btroot, on Friday, August 20, at eleven o'clock, 200 bags primo Danish cits. * In good condition, 1\. i Terms, Liberal, at Salo \- - , FRIDAY. AUGUST 20. To Shipmasters, Shipchandlors, and Others. A G. ¡M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, Jt\T» ~M his rooms, Collins street, ou Friday, ' August 26,'at cloven o'clock, 25 barrels moss beof 60 dO.cXtra do ia.da!colonlal hoof 60 this preserved potatoes, each 1 cn t. 80 barrels pitch. -»I All in tho best condition. I Torms, Liboral, at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. -To Grocers and Othors. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, hi his roomB, Colllus-strcot, ou friday, Âugu üguat 20, at olovon o'clock, 10 linds Cosslporo molasses 17 bogs bright counter sugars. 20 chests congou tea 10 barrels oitmcal All in good condition, I Torms at Sale I TRIDAY, AUGUST 20. To Grocers and Storekeepers. 100 Cases Oilmen's Stores. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, « in his rooms, Colllns-stroot, on Friday, August 20, at olovon o'clock, 100 cases olhncn'B shores, comprising Jams Pickles i Truits, isc. I And 120J1OXCS suomi candles. All In guaranteed condition. " 1 Terms Liberal _ . j FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. ' " I To Grocers and Othors. O. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _ in his roomB, Colllns-Btreot, on Friday, Äiguit 20, al olovon o'clock, 17 cases trucklo cheese 40 coses white herrings, tins 120 York hams 40 firkins D R Corkhuttor 10 hhds. Green's Btout, . J No reservo. _' * Terms-Cash._ SATURDAY, AUGUST 27. To Dealers In Fancy Goods and Others. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, r\\_# in bli looms, Collins street, on Saturday, August 27, at eloven o'olock, , , ) Account-books Papler-macho goods Ornaments <? , Boots and shoos CrockorywTirp__ ?Wax vestas ¡ Water coolers > Fapcrhanglngs, &e.; j ? rurthw particulars to morrow. \- I No Reserve,_ THURSDAY and FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 and 3. _ I At Footscray. To Drapers, Warehousemen, Hosiers, Outfitters, Boot and Shoe Dealers, Ironmongers, Orockory Doalers, Grocoroi, and Country Merchants Two Days* Unreserved Salo of the Enliro Stock-in Trado 6T Messrs Gordon and Pratt, footscray, who aro rctlring'froin businoss G. M'COMBE is instructed by Messrs. « Gordon and Pratt (who aro retiring from busl i .»»Ho BELL by .AUCTION, at tholr stores, Foots any, near tho Railway Station, on Thursday and Trlday, September 1 and % each day at half-past eleven o'clock precisely, Uhe vvholo of their Btock-m-trodo, comprising Haberdashery. In great variety Millinery Hosiery ti' .... Clothing, linen and cotton shirts, se. Grey shooting, longcloth and prints Mcriuoosr neckties, handkorchlofs Largo assortment of bonnotand cap ribbons Velvet do I Lace, &e.; .- _ Men's, women's, and children's boots and shoes Earthenware, china, and glassware Ironmongery, shovels, Ewbank's nails Tinware, Jubs, buckets, Sue. » ' And Oilmen's stores and general groeerios Linseed oil, raw and boiled Anifothor descriptions of goods too numerous to; particularise, ... - , ._ The a'bovo goods aro all ot tho best quality, and in good condition. , . " . _ > Fnrthii Particulars and Terms at Sale, A day, _-:- .y ! PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Cloarlng-out Solo of Bootsand Shoes. To the Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, etc A Q. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _£X# in his rooms, Collins-street, on an early cay, \- - A large assortment of boots and shoes, to closo consignments. i Full particulars in future advertisements._ AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. To Paperhangers and Others. Sale of 20 Bales Faperhanglnga» Just Landed ox Hotspur. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION ', in his rooms, CoUins-streot, on an cany Ex Hotspur, 20 bales paporhanglngs. Justlandod. Full particulars in futuro advertisements. Torms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 80. To Industrious Markotgardonors and Small Farmers. By Order of tho Trustees in the Estate of tho Lato Mr. > George Rodgers, under the Will. "R. STUBBS is instructed by tho trustees to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Boar'» .Kctlon and Exchango Rooms, 08 Queon- stroot, on Tuesday, August 30, at twelvo o'clock proclsoly, A valuable littlo raarkotgardon, farm, and home- stead, consisting of 8 acres 3 roods 29 porcho«, being all that ploco or parcel of land in tho colony of Victoria, situate in tho parish of Jika Jika, | \- - county Bourke, bolng part of Portion 142, and boing Lots 80 and 81 on plan of subdivision of said 1 Tortion 142 and Portion 160 of said parish, com- mencing at the Junction of Norfolk-rood, 1 chain wido, and Sussox-rood, 50 links wide, ata point __ distant 60 links wost from tho east boundary-lino of said Portion 142, bounded on tho north by Norfolk-road, bearing west 16 chains 30 Unka ; o i the west by Derby-road, 1 chain wide, &o.;, as peí plan, to be soon at the rooms. Terras-Half-cash, and tho residue at threo and slit months'. Without Reserve. ' Ml ST E I ION, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 81 And Follow uig Days, For tho Conveuienco of the Trade J Inimitable Stock To Cabinetmakers and Furnituro Warehousemen. Hotelkeopers, Storokoopors, Private FamUtes, an I Gentlemen about to furnish for tho season Important publio Auction of Elegant well made English, Scotch, and Colonial Manufactured Drawingroom, Dlningroom, Hall, Parlour, Bedroom, and othor SuperiorHousoholL Furnituro, including Bro« n s ominont Patent, &o; STUBBS is instructed by Messrs Davil " Thomson and Co to SELL by PUBLIO _ , at thoir largo cabinet manufactory, Nos DI, 93, and 05 Bourko street west, on Wedneeda}, August 31, and following ein j a, to cemmenco at olovea o clock procisolj, Tho wholo of thoir oxtonsive, elorrant, and vor. handsome stock oi impcrtcdand colonial manufacture 1 household furnituro in consoquenco of tho expiry of tho lcaso of thoir present premises, and previously to their rcmoW to moro central ones - A very handsomo dlningroom suite, ccslBting of-. A richly carved sideboard, with enclosed centre A lory handsomo real morocco sofa 2 do couches, to match 12 do chairs 1 noblo telescope dining tablo, 10 x 0 1 very handsomo bookcaso, with plate glass doors Eight handsomo dlnlngroomsoras, in liajrscatin» ? morocco and leather cloth 110 parlour couches, do do Mahogany and rosewood easy chairs Handsomo drawingroom and parlour Chiffonniere« Neat mahogany and cedar sideboards Masslvo dlningroom, parlour, hall, and bedroom chairs Handsomo toilet and pior glasses Handsomo chests of draw ors, mahogany an I \- cedar Handsomo mahogany and cedar two dooral ward robo Handsomo washstands andtollot tables of ovorf tloscriptlon Handsomo patent tubular and solid iron beds tai J;-r I ol all descriptions Also. A largo stock of upholstery f urnlshhigs, oonsistln r of chair and sofa web, springs, liainsoatlng, , several tons curled hair and cocoanut fibre, of flrst-rato quality Tho wholo of abovo goods will bo on view on Mon- day and Tuesday next Tho high character and wldo spread roputatioa which this firm havo obtained throughout tho pr » vinco for tho oxccllonco, durability, tasto and Auls » of their own manufactures, want no further rocoiu mondation Catalogues will bo propared during tho week Terms at salo Hour of Solo, Eleven o clock o.m prcclsolj i FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2. The Royal Saxon Hotel, Elizabeth-street. To Parties in Search of a Good Stand for Business, Hyith ampio Accommodation for Privato Families from tho Country, And Stahlingfor 00 Horses, besides Room for Waggon , Wool Drays and Carts, &o.; MR.' STUBBS is instructed by tho lessee, Mr. Purnoll, to SELL by PUBLIC AUOUON, on the premises, on Friday, Soptenibcr 2, to com- mence at cloven o'clock precisely, Tho lease, llconce, goodwill, stock, furniture, an 1 other household effects of that noble and very popular hotel the Royal Saxon, 2S3 Ellzabotli strcot; togother with the whole of thj j parlour, dining and bed roora furniture, bril- liant-toned pianoforte billiard and bagatollo \- - board, and a woll-soloctod stock of alo (Bass'» No. 3) and porter, table and other shcrrloj, port w ines, gin, brandy, rum, &c.; Full particulars of which will bo given in a future newspaper. Tonns at Sale. _ MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. ; Port of Molbourne. Absolute Sale. Postponed in the Mcantlmo until tho Completion the Contract for Dow-strcot, Sandridge. Being all that commodious and very El'giblo Impor al d Export Shipping Property and Premises, Allotment No. 4 of Section 28, Known as tho Hobson's Bay Saw-Mills, < Next to Tlio Victoria Sugar Works. To Stcam-pacltot Agonts and Companies, Engineer^ Wholcaalo and Rotall Shlp- cliaudlore, Timber an 1 Coal- Merchants, Capitalists, and othors seeking such Premises. MR. STUBBS is instructed by tho proprietor ,to SELL by PUDL10 AUCTION, at Bear's on and Exchange Rooms, 00 Qucon-strcet, oil' Monday, Scptembor 6, at twclvo o'clock piecisoly, | Without rcBorvo, i Tho whole oftho above I i Watorsldo Shipping Proporty, . now thrown open for publio competition. I Noto.-Lato sales effected of township property at Sandridgo, both by auction and private contract, har» established a daily-increasing confidence initsdilly trowing importance. No wonder, considering that andrldgo is undoubtedly the natural soaport qf Mel- bourne, and tho " gorget1' that receives and protects not only all tho import-wealth from foreign counlrioj, but tlio principal portion of that of tho Intorcoloni.il and export Irado. Hundreds of ships, laden with hun- dreds of thousands of pounds worth of proporty. Ho anchored within a few hundred yards of this identical property. Further particulars, with dimensions of tho lan! and description of the buildings, will he givon at solo. i Torms very Liberal, Viz. : One-third cash; and tho residuo at three, six, onJ nine months, bearing bank interest. Title, Purchase from the Crown. THIS DAY. 1,820 Rod Deals, 11 x 3. To Timber Merchants, Contractors, and Others. , THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC _ a ,TION, at tho Railway Station, Flindcrs- strcot, on Thursday, August 25, at olovon o'clock sharp, Ex Vator Smidt, 302 deals, 11 x 3, lengths 22 and 21 (cot 660 do,,do, 20 and 10 do 378 do, do, l8,17, and 10 do iOO do, do, 15,14, and 13 do 100 do, do, 12 and Odo 202 do, do, 14,16, and 10 do. Terms, Liberal, declared at Bale. THIS DAY. THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho Now Dock, on Thursday, August 257'at oloven o'clock, 8,000 vory superior 6-feot Launceston palings. TormB-Cash. _ THIS DAY. Immediately after tho Salos at Railway. 01,200 Foot Carpenters' Clear Pine. To Timber Merchants and Othors. G THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC * TION, on tho Australian Wharf, on Thursday August 25, Ex Continent, 80,400 foot carpenters' clear pino, 1 In, 80,800 do do, li in. Terms, liberal, declared at sala, oro is now landing in first-rate condition. THIS DAY, G THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC , TION, on tho Australian Wharf, on Thursday, AuguBt 25, at cloven o'clock, SO pairs of bluegum shafts 1,000 do spokes. No reservo. Tonns-Cash. THIS DAY. .TI THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC IT« TION, at tho Railway Station, Flindors-stroct, onThurBday, Ausrast26,at oloven o'clock, 7,000 best bluo Bangor Blateu, 24 x 12 11,000 do do, 22 x 12. Also, 1,800 deals, 11 x 8, in splendid condition. Specification in to-morrow's advertisement. Terms, Liberal, declared at Salo. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. Portland. To Cloeo Partnership. \- Hilgay, on tho Wannon. CROUCH and PETHERS have received in- structions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Auction Mort, Gawler-strcot, Portland, on Thura dsy, September l^at noon, totlon> with 2 000 Bheop, 600 head of cattlo, with tha righ't of brand (tho total number as per book beran about 700), 80 horses, stores, bullock», ' drays, chattels, and other effects. Purchased lands, amounting in all to abouti,4M .For fhrthor particulars apply to the auctioneer», THIS DAY Victona-paraao. On tho Ground * Botw con Hoddle and Islington Streets Plucstono Chapel, Brick Dwelling, and Hay and Cora Stores To Gentlemen Speculators, and Others in search of Property for Investment Also, Sites for Building Purposes. WEASEY and Co will SELL by AUCTION, a on tho ground, situato m tho Victoria parado, at the corner of Islington street, and opposito tho Church of Lngland School on Thursday, August 25, at three o clock in tho afternoon, Tho wholo of that -tory valuablehalf-aoro block of land, having a frontage of 120 feet to Ylctorla parado, by a depth or another frontago to Isling- ton street of 137 feet, moro or loss, and upon which are orcctod all thoso substantial buildings, as follows - Stono building, 35 feet x 15 feet, corner of Islington _street, now lol and occupied as an Independent Chapel Also, A substantial foui roomed brick built cottago.ti flood repair, nowly paporod and plastered, now et to a rcspoctable tenant, and hay and corn store, 85 ft by 17 ft The remaining portion of land can bo readily sub- divided and resold for building purposes, sufficient ground being uiioccupcd for tho erection of four or flvo houses Tho pronorty is situato adjoining tho premises of Messrs Roberts and 1 orguson s factory, and opposite» the Lord Raglan Hotel, and will bo sold in one lot, subject to a moitgogo of £460 Iho auctioneers would particularly direct tho atten- tion of pnitlcsscoklng investments or desirous of ob- taining a flrst-rato situation for a publlchouso to tho nbo>c choleo sito, being in a dally improving situation, and their instructions aro also to offer tho same for unreserved sole Terms liberal Note -On tho ground, at Uiroo o clock THIS DAY. On tho Railway Platform, Fllndors street 31 Tons Shelton s Crown Staffordshire Iron \- 15 Bundlos Stool Plates To Ironmasters Ironmongers, and Others WEASEL and Co will SELL by AUCTION, , on tho Railway Platform Flinders street,on Thursday, August 25, at clovon o clock, 43 bars Sholton's Staffordshire crown iron 4 x J 60 do do, 3 J x i -.42doe¡0, 3jxg 29 do do 4 x ?} 64 do do, 3 x | , 60 do do 2Jxft ' , £4 do do, rj x fî 00 do do, 2J x g . _ 78 do do, 2 x ft «48do do, 3x3 ?i 57 do do, 2JxJ £8 do do, 8 x J - , , , 03 do do, Wxi ' 00 do do, 2} x J ' , 15 do do, 2Í, rd ' \ , " -..* Also, ' ' , -"%i bundles steel platos, assortod All now landed -? In fino order f \ _TermB Liberal. THIS DAY On tho Railway Platform, nindors-stroet 70 0 x S Baltic Deals To Timber Merchants and Others W EASEY and Co will SELL by AUCTION, # on the Railway Platform, Fllndors strcot, on Thursday, AuguBt 25, at clovon o'clock, 70 Baltio deals, 9x8 And A quantity of zino t, lcrms-Cash FRIDAY, AUGUST 28 2S0 Bogs English dressed Rice 40 Do Irish Oatmeal To Grocers, Storokeopors, and Others EASBY and Co will SELL by AUCTION, nt their rooms, 8S Collins street wost, on TrlelojT August 20, at olovon o'clock, .2J0 bogs English-dressed rice 40 do Irish oatmeal Terms at Salo FRIDAY, AUGUST 20 20 Tons Harts Adolaldo Hour Ex Dunedin To Bakers Storekeepers, and Others. EASBY and Co will SELL by AUCTION, j at their rooms, 33 Collhis-strcotwest, on Frida}, August 20, at olovon o'clock, Ex Dunodln, ¡0 tons narts Adolaldo flour, guaranteed And will bo sold in lots to suit purchasers Tonna at Sale ,\ Friday-, Aug FRIDAY, AUGUST 20 50 Boxos Vermicelli At tho Risk of tho ronner Purchaser To Grocers and Othors EASEYand Co will SELL by AUCTION, their rooms 83 Collins strcot west, on Friday, August 20, at cloven o clock, 60 boxes vermicelli At tho risk of tho former purchasor Torms at Sale riJIDAY, AUGUST 20. 1 25 Cases I N. E Matches. To Storekeepers, Grocers, Tobacconists, and Othors. W' EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, f y a at their rooms, 33 Collins Btroot west, on Irlday, August 28, at oloi on o'clock, 25 cases IDE matches * _ _Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 20 70 Bogs rino Patn» Rico 1 To Close an Account To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Others. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, , . a at their rooms, 33 Collins stroct west, on Friday, August 20, at olovon o'clock, 70 bogs fluo Patiia nee lo closo an account, _Totob at Salo_ -7 TRIDAY, AUGUSr 20 ^_^ Spirits, Beer, &o.; 'W7* EASBY and Co have received mstruc ff a tionsfromMcssis WIlllamM Soiland Co to BELL )>y AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins strcot west, on Friday, August 20, ' To closo sundry consignments Tho follow lug ï aluablo assortment of goods . 1,200 cases Sir Robert Burnott's old tom 200 do O card's polo brandy 200 do Holiness} 's do '? 700 do Jules Robin and Co 's do 200 green casos geneva, anchor brand 100 cases champagne, quarts « 100 do Villiers and Bourbon do, do 100 do do, pints, each 2 dozen 250 casks B}ass s alo, each 4 dozon 200 cases halt's do, caoh 4 dozon, bottled by Harper, Burno, and Co. 120 do Bass's do, bottled by Robert Mill or, each 3 dozen 100 hhds Salt's ale, No 3 60 dt Walkai, Taylor, and Co 's stout . , 40 casks dressed Carolina rice 5 tons table rice 40 tons Dutch crushed lump sugar 10 do China ration sugar . \- 20-cnscs pearl sago 100 cases Trench salad oil, pints 1 1 i 60 barrels Irish pork 1 ' 8 tierces do bacon 15 barrels do hams < 500 Gonda cheeses Tlio auctioneers beg to call the special attention of tho trade to tho abovo, tho whole being in first-rato condition, and all landed within tho laEt four weeks Torms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. - 11.000 Bushels fine Californian Oats. 1,600 Do Do Scotch Do To Comfactors, Stablokoopers, Contractors, and I Others ' EASBY and Co will SELL by AUCTION, j at thoir rooms, 33 Colllus-strcot west, on Friday, August 20, ntoloven o'clock, 11,000 bushels fino Californian oats 1,600 do do Scotch do. Thoabo\o somplo is of very suporlor quality, anti wiU bo sold.) 1 Terms at Salo. \- FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. 1,600 Bogs Mauritius Sugars To Closo Accounts To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TXT EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Y Y a at their rooms, 33 Collins stroot west, on Frldo), August 20, at tweh 0 o'clock, 1,600 bogs Mauritius sugar«, comprising Crystals Bright j cllows, \- 1 And Ration Fine samples, and to bo sold, Terms Liberal " FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. 135 Chests rino Congou Teas Ex Coursor. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TIT EASBY and Co will SELL by AUCTION, y Y . at their roomB, 83 Collins Btreet west, on rrltlaj, August 20, at olo\ on o'clock, 185 eheste fine congou tea Tho finest sample In tho market, and to bo sold to closo accounts Terms Liberal. TR1DAY, AUGUST 20 li CascalEIoctro-Platcd Ware, Ironmongery, Sec. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Othors TIT EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, f V . at their rooms, 88 Collins- streot west, ou Frlclay, August 20, at elovon o'clock, 16 cascB electro plated ware, Ironmongery, &c.; Full particulars in futuro advertisement, and torms. FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. 200 Firkins D R. Cork Butter, Guaranteed. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors, TIT EABBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION. W a a* their rooms, B3 Collins stroot west, on 1 rlday, AugUBt 20, at elovon o'clock, 200 firkins D R Cork butter. A now parcel, now landing, omi In fino condition. Terms Liberal _ TRIDAY, AUGUST 20. 40 Half-barrels Kamcs's Blasting Powder. I 40 Quarter barrels Do. To Ironmongers, Quartz-Crushers, Storekeepers, anil ( Othors. TIT EASBY and Co. will BELL by AUCTION,' W a at thoir rooms, 88 CoUlns-stroot west, on; Friday: August 20, atelovono'clock, 40 half barrels Kamcs's blasting powdor 40 quarter-barrels do In fino order, and guaranteed. No rosorvo. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, AUGUST 26. - ^^"» TO Town and Country Dealers, Parties FurdsMr»' Hotelkceporu, and Others. "»"»»ina X LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUOTIOW V» J,S»lbÄ mart;,Bourke-stroet, on Friday August 20, at cloven o'clock, *"uujr. One of tho beat soloetod Invoices of engravlnw aw» imported into this market. "»ravings over AU flrst-class subjects (after proof), framod In tM» WrdS'-eyo maplo, ¿fit borders, and glazed. "* ,s Tho suhjecta consist of ! Tho Covenantors, Cromwoil's Family, Covsnim tera* Baptism, Last Suppor, Evo of tho Dotare Departure of tho Israelites, Woman of Xî marla, Dlot of Spiers, Canterbury PUr-rlm« Soldier's Dream, the ¿ast Seal.^cstX^ Abbey, Trial or Earl of Stafford, MaÄ Coronation, &0\. ^"» Tho above engravings aro packed In 1 In. stromr dm» cases, of 12 each ; and, to suit tho wants of purchasers the auctioneers aro instructed to offer them for söloov tho coso, as by so doing tho risk of breakatra will ha considerably avoldod. ' ' ^_Terms-Cash. "~i FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. " ""* To Stationors, Booksellers, and Othors. T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION ' *|s at their mart, Bourko-streot, on Friday* i August 20. " A quantity of stationery, Sto., consisting of Sealing-wax, History of England and Ireland Mr. Soawood's Tales, Lion-Hunting in* Algeria ; note, lottor, and other paper ¡pens, ink, &o.; ^ TormB-Cash._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 20 ~* Genuino Pawnbrokors' Salo. i J LYONS and Co. are instructed by Messrs' a Cohen and Marks, of 187 Ellzalictli-strcet ana 128 Russell-street, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION at their mart, Bourko-street, on Friday, August 26¡ ot olovon o'clock, ~ i Tho following unredeemed pledges : 400 gold and Bllvcr watohos by the most celooratcd. ' makers, diamond and othor rings, suuflboxes studs, brooches, pins, fruit- stondB, poacll _çases, earrings, bonded certificates of spirit«,_ claret and gin, sextants, gold seals, concertinas! 7 ', stationery, opera- glasses, cvrcunifbrcnters. ?> sowing-machine, violins, pistols, telescopes. t BookB, conslBting of tho following works--¿ > Bridges, inThoory.Praotlco.ondAtchltcctttVo Glossary of Architecture, Puget's Specimens of Gothic Architecture, Ulustratcd ; Contractors,* Railway Practice, and othor works. Boots and shoes, boxes of clothing, tents, ladies? and gentlemen's clothing, &c.; Tho usual terms, and no reserve. i / The salo to commenco at oloven o'clock sharp. i ' THIS DAY. ^~* ' Furniture, Bedding, &e.; 'T BELLIN will SELL by AUCTION, at tho «J a Fitzroy Auction Mari, «0 Gertrudo- streot, Col» iinjrwood, on Tliursday, August 26, at one o'clock, A quantity of valuablo household funuturo, com- prising -Handsomo hair-seated couch and chairs, easy« , 'i chair " ' Pollshod dlning-tablo, four-post iron bedstead ' Hair mattress and bolster, feather pillows ' "Barometer, plated candlesticks, fender and fire irons Kitchen chairs, child's carriego, carpets, chests drawers Gentlemen's drcssing-caso, camphor boxes Kitchen utcnBtls, &o.; About 60 volumes valuablo books. Removed for convonlonco of sole to tho Fitzroy Auction Mart. Also, A lot of now iron bedsteads. -THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. Black Champion. M'OAW and ANOTHER have received _, instructions from J, Dick, Esq, to SELL by ÎTION, at tho Royal HorBO Bazaar, on Thursday, September 1, Immediately after tho Show, if not previously dis ' posed of, Tlio entire liorso Black Champion. Pedigree-Black Champion by Black Champion; Imported by W. J. T. Clark», Esq. ; bred by Mr. H'Phail, of Campbollton, Scotland ; dam, Dr. Wllmore's llncolnshlro maro Flower (imported) Flow or took all prizes overshown for in England and Vau Diemen'«. Land. Black Champion is nine years old, has takon all prizes Bhorni for in Van Diomon's Land and Victoria; B a sure foal-gottcr, and said hy many competent udges to be tho best horso in Victoria. FRIDAY, AUGUST 20 At Twolvo o'clock British built Brig CONTENT. A. COFFEY is favoured with instructions, j to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, Collins strcot west, on Friday, August 20, at twolvo o'clock, The British built brig CONTENT, 148 tonB register, 220 tons burthen, built at*Groonock of tho best material, sheathed With hcavi zinc, and thoroughly ki ocd an* fastened throughout hi the most substantial and approved manner. Her masts, saUs, rigging, anchor?, chains, boats, gear, and warps arc all of tho best description: and in good condition A consldorablo sum of nionoy has been oxpended in (jiving her a thorough overhaul, including caulking all over, new waterways, ira. Which moko her In all respects a most efflclont vessel for a voyngo to any part of tho world Her Balling iHialttles aro oxtromoly good, and sho Is remarkably easy at soo, having landed hor cargo o!T horses (34), In two voyages from this port to New Zealand, in excollent condition THIS DAY Primo Fat Cattlo DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho Markot } ords. Flemington, on Thursdaj, August 25, at twev o'clock, 850 hoad prime fat cattlo from tho Murray. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 Entire Cart Horso Dundas "pkALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co have 1/ recolved instructions from Thoodoro Bortloy, Esq , of Korry Lodge, Launceston, to SELL by PUBi LIÓ AUCTION, at Kirk's Bazaar, Bourko strcot, oa Ihursday, September 1, at twolvo o'clock, Tbo ontiro cart-horso DUNDAS, Bred by his present owner, four years old Richi dark chesnut, stands 17 hands high, with im- mense bono and muscle Siro-Farmor, by Black Champion, imported by W 3\. T Clarke, Esq , Former s dam by the Imported Lincoln horso Old Lincoln, grandam by the importai Flemish horso Rotterdam Dam-by Mr Gleadow's imported Suffolk hore» Prlnco, grandam by Mr Wilmoro s Imported Lineóla horso Lincoln groat-grandam by tho importo* Flemish horso Black Jack Dundas was oxhlbitod at tho last annual showoE the Northorn Agricultural Socio'y held at Longford, liitmania, in November last, whero ho obtained tho first prizo as " tho best thrco year old cart colt," and was pronounced by somo of the best judges to bo suporlor to the imported carthorses exhibited Ho Is In high condition and fit for the onsulngscison, and has proved himself a sure foal goiter. Torms at Silo. THIS DAY. South St Kilda Milton street Unrcsorved Solo of Furniture, Poultry, ¿co GWALSTAB has received instructions to a SELL by AUCTION, on tho promises, as abovo, near to the residences of Mr Baldwin and Mr. Macpherson, on Thursday, August 25, at twolvo o'clock, Furnituro, Chairs, tables, cosy chair, iron bedstead, guitar, books, and sundry effects | Also, 20 head bf fine poultry, Spanish breed Rabbits, ducks, and pigs Thursday, August 25, at twolvo o'clock i Catalogues to bo had at the auctioneer's rooms. > THIS DAY. To Booksellers, Stationers, and Others ledgers, Account-Books, Paper, Stationery , Lover's; Bcott'B and othor Novelista' Works, Elegantly Bound. CJ GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUC jj, TION, at tho Metropolitan Auction Mart, 10 Collins strcot east, on Thursday, AugUBt 25, at twolvo o'clock, * An ¡nvolco of stationery, consisting of Stool pens, foolscap, card board, ledgers, springo clips, tracing cloth, table-books, Behool booki), InKBtands, wax, moasuring tapes, gum tickot«, quUls, portomonnalcs, And A lot of standard novels, elegantly bound _Terms at Salo._ THIS DAY To Furnituro Brokers and Othors JOHN PHILP will SELL by AUCTION, at, Hilltop Cottago, Fourpost-Iano, off Bourko strceti east, on Thursday, AugUBt 26, at twelve o'clock, A quantify of household furnituro and ottici.* articles ____ HILLSBOROUGH and QUEENSTOWN, New Zealand ENRY HARDINGTON has tho honour to» » . announco that ho Is instructed by tho executor» «filio lato J- C mil. Esq , to plaeo in tho market, for BALE by AUCTION, in tho Bazaar Rooms, Auckland, Wow Zealand, on Thursday, October l8, at noon, Tho abovo splonold and well known estates Tlioy havo boon elaborately surveyed, and laid out, with perfect adaptation to tho view of every possible; purchaser. HILLSBOROUGH This compact property, that slopes so gradually ana pleasantly towards Onehungn, has a rich soil, and all the inostimablo advantages of good roads and easy aex cess ; in fact, this rich land, from its proximity to tbo Manukau and to tho metropolis, is wealth boyoml computation QUEENSTOWN. , " _ This marino port of the estate is perhaps tho moss vital and important point of tho Manukau, forltroalW is tho only landing placo In that Bpaclous haruor, suf« f clently attesttël by the slmplo fact that no vessel or tonnogo, or value, has ovorgono abovo that point. And ft is further proved' by tho highest Bcientiflci authority in tho colony,-boo Report of Colonel Mould* B E, on tho moBt ollglblo position for a wharf at Ono hungo, Moy 1,1858, of which tho following ison ox-f fract:-_. "I cannot hesitate for a moment In recommending Ho White Bluff as tho proper placo for tho construc- tion or a Jetty, for tho Bimplo reason that that is tua farthest point to which vessels of a buiden of (say) 2W» er 250 tons can safolycomo up tho harbor, in consist nuence of tho shallow water." """.iw Thevaluo of thoso properties will bo onhanceeltoj the consent of tho proprietor of tbo adjacent wa Estoto" that a now elfroctroad should run oYornlf Plans and particulars at the office 