.ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION ' THIS DAY. Messrs.BKAüaiAMrBROTiiEiui.-At their rooms, Quecn utrefit-Glassware. ? Mr. Awred Bliss.-At his rooms, Queen-street_ Store allotment in William-street. Messrs. W. M. Tennent and Co.-At the Victorian Railway Shed-Patna rice. Messrs, J. Houghton and Co.-At their rooms, Collins strcot-Paints, nails, lead, kitchen range, stoves, mates, io. Mr. T. Gibbs.-On tho promises, Brunswick-Livo and dead farming-stock, &o.; Mr. A. G. M'Combb.-At his rooms, Collins-strcot Tea, salmon, Windsor starch, Madras gram, pro- visions and groceries, Danish oats, Swiss cigars, Epsom 6alts, batlibricks, Cheshire cheese, Califor- nian'i alnion, Ceylon coffee, blandy, Feast's jams, &c.; McsBrs. DoumiARTYandCo.-At their yards, Bourkc street-Working-bullocks and upstanding horses. Messrs. Pubceli, and DouauAimv-At Clough's wool warehouses-Wool and sheepskins. Mr. Alfred Joy.-On the promises, Queen-street Cedar partition and offlco furniture, bedding, chairs, ongravings, &c.; Messrs. W. Easby and Co.-At tho Australian Wharf -Clear pine ox Nockar, Scotch flooring ox Wal- lace At tho Queen's Wharf-St. John's yellow pine. , > . Messrs. SraoNB and PEimT.-At their rooms, Collins strcot-Ironmongery, spring chaiso-cart, &c.; Messrs. Fraser and Cohen.-At tho stores of Messrs. Flowor, M'Donald, and Co., William-strcot_ Boot and shoes. At tho Pantoolmlcon Carriage Repository-Carriages. Messrs. G. Thomas and Co.-At tho Australian Wharf-Timber, posts and rails, ex Wave. Messrs. E. Row and Co.-At theiryards, Bourke-strcet -Coltsand fillies. Mr. J. Hexdkrson.-At Kirk's Horse Bazaar-Mr. Mooncy's stud of horses, with omnibuses, cars, &c.; Messrs. M'Caw and Another.-At tho Royal Horse Bazaar-Draught horses, working-bullocks. Mr. W. W. Treacy.-At his yards, Bourke-strcet Upstanding colts. Mr. S. Aaron.-On the premises, Littlo Bourke streot-Household furniture and sundries. "Ox. J. Bellin.-On tho ground, Littlo Naplcr-streot Four-roomed cottage and land._ Sales by Auction. PRELIMINARY NOTICE, i 360 Cases American Chairs," &e.; BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Qucen-strcot, on an early day, duo notice of which will bo givon, S60 cases American chairs, &c.; Ex Hussar. AU in splendid ordor, and all in tho, rooms of the auctioneers. _p_Terms will bo Liberal._ AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. In Consequence of Good Friday, EAUCHAMP BROTHERS' usual SALE will take place on THURSDAY, April 21. B THIS DAY. To Chin», and Glass Warehousemen, Up-country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. 03 Packages Superior Cut and Pressed Tumblers, Wines, &o.; ' Now in course of landing. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, without Teservo, at their rooms, Qucon- streot, on Wednesday, April 20, at oloven o'clock, » S3 hilda, and casks glassware, containln - 1-6 quart tumblers, gothio Bo do, 0 hollow flutes Do do, 0 flutes Do do, 8 flutes, ring Do-do, heavy, taper 1-0 do do, heavy, 0 flutes Do do, taper Half-pint, oylindor Do, cut, 8 flutes Do, do, 10 flutes Do, shell flute, hollow Albert, Victoria, and tulip wines Cut flutes, plain stems, knob stems Double flutes, globo shell flutes Egg-bowl flutes, hollow Btem, out stem, and bowl, shell flutes, ¿te. 9, Di, and 10} inch coko shades 9,10,11, ona 11J inch salvors Tulip, oblong, octagon do Octagon and bird-nest salts Sugar-basins nnd cream-jugs lj-oz., 2-oz., 3-oz., and 4-oz. phials 70 gross lamp cottons, moderator and solar, &e.; Special attention is requested to the above first-rato assortment of excellent glassware. The above aro in the rooms of the auctioneers, and. samples now on view. No reserve. Terms Liberal. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. To Ironmongers, Dealers, and Others. For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. T> EAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by ?j AUCTION, at thoir rooms, on Thursday, April 21, at eleven o'clock, 1 caso counter scales, 10,12,14, 22, in. standard Scales, box-beams, ko. Damaged by salt water. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. Unreserved Sole of Boots and Shoes. -To Clear up Sundry Consignments. To the Boot and Shoe Trado. ' To Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been , instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their' mort, 80 Collins-street east, on Thursday. April 21, atelovon o'clock, Tho following assortment of superior goods, con tísting of- i Gentlemen's patent wellingtons I Do do half-welhngtons ' Do cloth, clasticsidcs Do patent balmorals, goloshod Men's stout calf bluchers Do duck boots Do stout watertight» Do Oxonian shoes Dot&ckottcd; nailed bluchers LadieB'. patent golOBhed boots Do do slippers Do do morocco shoes Gentlemen's slippers Boys' stout bluchers. ThoahOTO goods aro well worth the attention of the Irado. Terms-Cash. PRELIMINARY NOTIQE. Xord-streot, Richmond, and Township or Heidelberg. 'i By Order of tho Proprietor, ?With the Consent or tho Inspector or tho Union ; Bank. ALFRED BLISS has been favored with in- structions from the proprietor fwlth the con- sent of the Inspector of the Union Bank) to SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, V All tifoso pieces or parcels of land being part of section No. 10, parish of Jika Jika, and beinir lots 0,10,11,12, 27, 28, 20, 8ft and part or Lots 13 and 26 on plan of subdivlsiSfi. lotOhas a frontage of 27 feet flinches to Swan streot, by a depth along Lord-street of 100 feet, lots 10,11,12, and part of 13, having in all a front ago of 121 feet to Lord-street, by a depth of 82 feet 3 inches, lots 27, 28, 20, 80, and part of lot 20, having in all a frontage of 148 feet to Duke-street, by a depth of 82 feet 3 Inches. These allotments will bo sold together or separately,, »o meet tho requirements or intending purchasers. Also, AKotment No. 16 of section 12, township of War- ringal, parish or Keelbundora, being Lot 108 as per Government plan, having a frontage of 08 feet to Hawdon-streot, by a dopth or 830 feet, together with all buildings erected thereon'. Titlo perfect. Further particulars, with day of sale, will bo given in future advertisements._' PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 3Jy Order of tho Proprietor («1th tho consent of the Inspector of the Union Bank). Parish of Jika Jika and Township of Warringal. ALFRED BLISS has received instructions from tho proprietor (with tho consont of tho îctoref tho Union Bank) to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, on an early day, Part ot Portion 19 parish of Jika Jika, allotment No. 10, of section 12, township of Warringal. , Further particulars in future advertisement. THIS DAY. City of Molbourno. Sale of a Store-Allotment in William-street, adjoining Messrs. Raleighs, Daugllsh, Whlto, and Co j's. A LPRED BLISS hoe been favored with in A structlons to BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at lusrooms, 87 Qncen-Btroot, on Wednesday, April 20, at one o'clock, Tnat very valuable Building allotmont, William-street, adjoining Messrs. Raleighs, Daugllsh, White, and Co.'B stores, having a frontago of 83 foot 0 inches to Willtam-streot, by a dopth of 108 feet. Terms at sale. Titlo guaranteed. N.B.-Sole takes place In tho rooms. SATURDAY, APRIL 23. Prahran. Afternoon Sale or 30 Building Allotment«, sultablo for Suburban Residences for tho Worklng-ClasscB. Sitarte in the Commorelal-road, nearly opposite the Bush Inn, Prahran. Without Reserve. By Order ol the Proprietor. A LPRED BLISS has received instructions A.ffrom the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUG ÍflüN, on tho ground, Commercial-road, Prahran, aiearly opposite tho Bush Inn, on Saturday, April 28, at two o clock, 10 Suburban Building Allotments. Lotsl, 2, 3, "Each having a frontage of 88 feet to tho Commercials road, by a depth oflli feet, with a right-of-way in, tho rear l8 feet wide. , .. ._ .. "" Xote 4, Í, 6, 7,8, 0,10,11, 12, l8,14,1«, 16, 17, l8, and 19, lach having a frontage of 83 feet to a road off tho Commorc!ol-road,'e3 feet wldo, by a depth Of 99 ?tun. "-'.»«ita axe admirably adapted to meet tho -nridne-clMees and otho» in . . A J WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27. \ .. King-street, Melbourne. Sale of A Freehold Building Site, Sultahlo for a Merchant's Store, Adjoining thoso throo-storiod hlucstono stores lately limit by Messrs. Clove Brothers, near the corner of. Lonsdalc-strcct. To bo Sold under an Order of tho Supremo Court, \- -- _ Modo in tho Cause of 4 Whyto and Anothor v. Whyto. LFRED BLISS lins received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the land, in "^street, on Wednesday, April 27, at ono o'clock, An allotment of land being part of allotment No. l8 of section No. l8, city of Molbourno, having a, frontogo of 22 feet 3 inches to King-street, Mol bourne, by a depth of 70 feet, having a right-of way of 12 feet wldo at tho rear of tho said land . running into Lonsdalo- streot. . Title perfect. Terms-One-half cash, balanco by promissory notes, at three and six months,' bearing bank interest. Particulars and conditions of solo may bo hod of tho auctioneer, 37 Qneen- streot ; or of Messrs. Jennings and Cooto, solicitors, 88 Queen-street. MONDAY, MAY 2. Near Arthur's Seat, and Close to the Village of Dromana. Fronting the Bay. ALFRED BLISS has received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 37 Queen-street, on Monday, May 2, at one o'clock, Section No. 17, parish of Wannaene, containing 129 acres - 2 roods 28 perches, bounded on three sides by Government roads. For the convenience of intending purchasers the above property has been cut up into 5 and 10 acre allotments. Plan of subdivision on view at the rooms of the auctioneer, No. 37 Queen- street. Terms Liberal. HALL OF COMMERCE LICENSED HOTEL AND RESTAURANT. To Hotel and Restaurant Keepers. ALFRED BLISS has been instructed to SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, The Lease, Goodwill, Furniture, and Effects in and upon the promises known as The Hall of Commerce Hotel and Restaurant, Collins-street west. The unexpired term is three years from January last. These premises are second to none in the city for situation, and it only requires articles of good quality, attention, and civility for anyone who understands the business to secure a fortune before the expira- tion of the lease. The whole to be sold in one lot, without valuation, at a price that cannot fall to secure a purchaser. For further particulars apply to Alfred Bliss, hotel- broker, 37 Queen-street. BAY FRONTAGES at POINT ORMOND, ST. KILDA. ALFRED BLISS has received instructions to SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, \- l8 Clioico Building Sites, Comprising tho Bay Viow Estate. Theso allotments aro marked out for selection, and havo billa on each allotment, giving tho various sizes and prices. Terms-One-third cash; balanco by bills at three, six. and nino months', bearing bank interest. Application to bo mado to Alfred Bliss, land and estate auctioneer, 37 Queen- street. SOUTH YARRA. Chambers-street, near tho New Bridge Hotol. 4 LFRED BLISS has received instructions to OFFER for SALE by PRIVATE CONTRACT, very dcsirablo block of freehold proporty, situate in Chambers-streot, off tho Gardiner's Creek-road, with throo weatherboard cottages erected thereon. Lot 1, having a frontage of 00 feet to Chambers-Btreet, by a depth of 00 foot. On which is erected A Five-roomed Weatherboard verandah Cottage. Lot 2, having a frontage of 00 foot to Chambers-street, " by a depth of 00 foot, On which aro erected two well-builtweathcrboard verandah cottagcs.ono of five and the other of four rooms. ; One-third cash ; balanco by hills at three, six, and nine months', bearing 10 per cent. Interest. Further particulars can be obtained on application at the rooms of tho auctioneer, 37 Queoii-street. MONDAY, APRIL 25. Mr. BayllB's Valuablo Landed Estato, Richmond. To bo Put up and Sold immediately after tho Great Holiday Salo of tho Rowono-parado Property, near the cornor of Lonnox-street. j STUBBS is instructed hythe proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Easter , April 25 (after tho salo of tho abovo), ' All that piece or parcel of land situate at tho top of Rowena-porado, Richmond, being lot 24, on sub- division plan of suburban portion 25, Jika Jika, _ .having n frontago of 81 foot to said place, by, 203, moro or less, In depth. On this land aro erected, viz. :- ; No. 1. A brick and stone built cottage with ,four rooms, two of which aro 16 x 12, and two 12 x 12, largo court-yard and fruit-garden, about 36 fruit-tiees in full bearing ; alBO, a threo-stall stable and hay- loft, 10 feet long, producing £52 per annum. i No. 2. Brick and stone hullt cottage, with two rooms, 12 x 12, producing £40 per annum ; good court-yard and gordon, with about 35 fruit-trees,; also iiifull bearing. ; Note.-Tho reputation of this moro popular part ot Richmond Is only to bo mentioned to eiiBuro. fair competition at tho salo, and como in with a share of public favor, which Mr. BayllB's property bo emi- nently deserves. , Terms at Balo. Titlo unexceptionable, i Tlio Whole In ono Lot. MM Monday,. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27. 1 ' Family Watering-Placcs. ' Unreserved Salo of nn 80-aero Section of Land, Subdivided into Four and Fivo Acre Allotments, , for tho Convenience of Town Families, &e.;, During tho Bathing Season, ' ' At St. Leonard's on tho Bay. TV/TR. STUBBS is instructed to offer the above I VI ' valuablo proporty for SALE by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the St. Leonard's Hotel, on Wednes- day^ April 27, salo to commenco at 2 o'clock p.m. precisely, Note.-Few families will ultimately bo -without heir bathing bivouacs in the summer timo, especially so near this charming sea-sido locality, and so very cheap compared with the prices of land at St. Kilda, -Hejhton, Schnapper Point, and Queenscliffe. Tho proporty is bounded on tlio north hy that of B. O. Selwyn, E°q., Government Geologist, and on tho bouth by that of - Thomas, Esq., J.P. St. Leonard's, heing block B of soetion 20, parish Paywit, Indented Head, and near the nowly-erocted rcsldencí and projlorty of Mrs, Cassell. Tolerable agricultural land, thickly wooded. ' An artificial dam of fresh water, reserved by tho Government, close by. j- ' FRIDAY, APRIL 20. Clarendon-street. Adjoining Clarendon-terrace. With its classic portico, &c.; To Mon of Tasto. MR. STUBBS is authorised to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Bear's Auction and -xchango Rooms, 00 Quccn-Btreet, on Friday, April 20, *t twelve o'clock precisely, Ono of tho most valuablo privato residence allot- ments of land in East Molbourno. It adjolnB tbat celebrated and vor}' handsome pile of buildings, Clarendon- terrace, Clarendon-streot, in tho sumo street as the Bishop's Palace, 40 feet x 130 feet, moro or loss. Terms at Salo. FRIDAY, APRIL 20. ' Seaport Building Property, 7 Absolute Sale. , Sandridge , Allotment No. 05 of Section 0. M' R. STUBBS is authorised to SELL by I PUBLIC AUCTION, at Bear's Auction and liige Rooms, 06 Queen-street, on Friday, April 29, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that piece or parcel of land being allotment 0 > of section 0, Sandridge, having 00 feet frontago ? to-street, by 166 foot, moro or less, in depth. A word to speculators.-Sandridgo íb tho natural Bcaport of Melbourne, and, of necessity, participait» in oil the advantages arising from its city trade and commerce. It is daily and hourly becoming a plaeo of -vast importanco both to the Government and tho pcoplo, and this is the time to buy there. The,Terms-25 per eont. deposit, and tho residuo at three and six months*. . , Titlo from tho Crown._; j - THURSDAY, APRIL 21. , _ j At Twelve o'clock. , ! Valuablo Property. ! Gcorgo and Charles streets, Collingwood. TVT ' KINSMAN is favored with instructions l\ ; i to SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, on Thursday, April 21, at twclvo o'clock, j All thoso valuablo buildings, being two stouo houses of two stories, and ono of brick, together with choice corner of land, having a frontage of ¿9 feet to Georgo-btreet, by 00 feot to Chiirlcs "street. _,", , 1 Titlo good, í Salo by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and agont, 3 Moor street, Collingwood. j TUESDAY, APRIL 20. Two o'clock. Thrco Building Allotments, I ' Cecil and Reilly streets, Collingwood. "KT ' KINSMAN is favored with instructions l\ ¿ to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on TÜEsdav. April 20, at two o'clock, Lots 228, 218, and 221 Theresavillo. Lots 218 and 221 havo a frontago of 38 feet each to Cecil-street, bv 81 feet 0 inches deep. Lot 228 has a frontago of 88 feet to RoiJly-Btreot, by 85 foot dcop. , Terms-Half cash, and throo months, _ i . Title good. Salo by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and agent, 8 Ifoor street, Collingwood^_ ! \ SATURDAY, APRIL 23. Grosvenor Estate Hear Eureka Hotel, Simpson's-road. y Unreserved Sale. "T S GLOVER bega to intimate that bo ia _| _, 'i_stmctod hy Mr. James Darby to SELLb* StlcTIOW, op t*>« ground, on SutunUy, Ap»il 23, aft .leven o'clock, , -'-'-"-" -*" ¿J biottc 1 ol the Grosvenor Es íTory *%&$?* odd anything further tli»i »hat it is it unncce^wy w ne^ / jj, 1er positive and unrç«T * KOTICE. CUMPLE BAGS of SUGAR ex Pierro, from IP Mauritius, aro now ON VIEW at our rooms.» tho irado are invited to Inspect thom. "," W. M. TENNENT and Co April 14. . THIS DAY. : . 000 Bags Patna Rico." Moro or Less Damaged by Seawator. ._ Ex Empress Eugonio, from Calcutta. For Account or Whom it May Concern. TXT M. TENNENT and Co. have received in M . struetlons from MoFsrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at the Victorian Ballway Shed. Spencer-street, on Wednesday, April £0;nt eley on o'clock, About 000 bags Patna rice, each 1 owt. Ex Empress Eugenio, from Calcutta, f Moro or less damaged by seawator. . Sold for tho benoflt of whom it may concern. _~~ Terms-Cash. 1 THURSDAY, APRIL 21. At tho Victorian Railway Station, Spencor-streot. Cargo ox Equateur, from Bordeaux. ' ' 1,302 Deals, 0 x 8 and 11 x 3. _ 226 Barrels Pitch. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Dealers, and Others, TIT M. TENNENT and Co. havo received TT . instructions from tho importers, Messrs. H.-Lange and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at the Victorian Railway Station, Spcncor-stroct, on Thurs- day, April 21, ' 1,802 deals, 0 x 3 and 11 x 3 ,i 225 barrels pitch. , Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. At Twelvo o'clock. At tho Victorian Railway Shod, Sponecr-stroet. 1B0 Bags Whito Vonotian Beans. At tho Risk of tho Formor Purchasers. M. TENNENT and Co. have received ¡n , « struetlons from Messrs. J. W. PloosVan -...istol and Co. to SELL by AUCÏÏON, atibe Victo- rian Railway Shed, on Thursday, April 21, at olevon o'clcck, E\ Vlllo do Montpollor, 150 bags white Venetian beans. On account and risk of former purchasers. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. At tho Victorian Railway Shed, Spencor-streot. For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. To Cornractors, Storekeepers, and Others. / 1,000 Bogs Oats. 82 Do Wheat. E\ Villo do Montpelier. ' Bags Moro or Less Stained. TKT M. TENNENT and Co. have received YY . instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Victorian Railway Shed, Spouoor-stroot, on Thurs day, April 21, at cloven o'clock, 1,000 bags oats, moro or less stained 32 do wheat, do do. Ex Villo do Montpelier. For the benefit of all concorncd. Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, APRIL 20. Belvoir (South), Formerly Wodonga, opposito to Albury, on tho Mnnny Rivor, about 10 miles from tho Indigo Gold-fields. 40 Valuable Allotments, each 00 Toot by 125 Feet. XKT M. TENNENT and Co. havo received YY . instructions from the proprietor to SELL b> AU.CTION, at thoir rooms, on Tuesday, April 20, at twelve o'clock, 40 valuablo allotments in «io Government township . or Belvoir south, formorly Wodonga, opposito tu Albury, on tho Murray River, about 10 miles ' from tho Indigo Gold-fields, comprising part ol section F, No. 8, each containing 00 foot frontage, by a dopth of 126 foot. This property Is well Bituatcd on rising ground, near the bridgo lately constructed by the Government at ii cost of 28.000Î., and in tho vory best part of this rapidly-rising township, which now possesses all th< important advantages arising from its position as the chief seat of the trade of the Murray. The wholo ol tho land in «io township and neighborhood having been sold by the Government, principally to bona fid« occupierB. tho chances of securing property in thin desirable locality oro now vory scarco. The attention of intending purchasers is therefore specially invited to this salo. Terms liberal. Titlo, Crown Grant. TUESDAY, APRIL 20. Emerald Hill. Valuablo Building Allotments, fronting Park-strcc! and Bank-streot cast, each Quarter of an Acre. To Porsons requiring Ellgiblo Building Allotment in the best part of Emerald Hill, Speculators, an i Others. "VÎT M. TENNENT and Co. have received in YV . struetlons from tho Hon. W. Highett, M.L.C , to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tucsdaj April 20, at twelve o'clock, An allotment of land at Emerald Hill, containing i quarter of an aero, having a frontage to Parl; strcet, li chains wide, bchig Allotmont 8, Soo ' tionlO. An allotment of land of tho samo area, being Lol 10, Section 10, fronting Bank-street east. Thcso allotments aro situate immediately i Clarendon-Btrect, and aro well worthy the attention small capitalists, Titlo, Crown grant. . ' TennB at Sole. ON AN EARLY DAY, Duo notice of which will be given. \- A Small Invoice of Choleo Millinery, direct from Franco, ox Equateur, ~\XT M. TENNENT and Co. aro instruct« YY . hy Messrs. II. Lango and Co. to SELL b, AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-strcot, on an earl., day, 1 coco artificial flowers 2 do French bonnets 1 do crinolines 1 do silk ribbons. Now landing ex Equateur, from Franco, of tholato-i fashions, and worthy tho special attention of milliner drapers, and others. Terms at Sale. ON AN EARLY DAY. As soon as Landed. 25 Tierces Barrett's Twist Tobacco. To Tobacconists, Grocers, and Others. M. TENNENT and Co. have receive j instructions from tho importers to SELL 1 AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on an call, day, duo notice of which will bo given, THIS DAY. Stovos, Grates, &o.; JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL 1 . . AUCTION, nt their rooms, SO Collins strc west, on Wednesday, April 20, at twolvo o'clock, About 100 stovts, grates, &o;, vailous doscriptloi 1 now at auctioneers' rooms. Terms at sale. No Reservo. THIS DAY. Unreserved Balo. Salo of Paints, Nails, Load, &c.; To Ironmongers, Painters, Plumbors, Builders, ai i Others. T B. HOUGHTON and Co. aro instructif al « to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, :i ColHns-Btreot west, on Wednesday, April 20, at twel o'clock, 10 tons slioot load, S to 71b. _ Paints, various colors Ewbank's nails, and Improved Ewbank's nails Cut and clasp nails Galvanised rlvots -, Galvanised iron, corrugated Do do, plain Cart-boxes and axle blocks Plated ware, &o.; Terms at Sale. , THIS DAY. To Hotol and Restaurant Keepers, Housekeepers, a-n Others. \- Superior Kitchen Rango. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL b; # AUCTION, at thoir rooms, 80 Collhis-strca. west, oh Wednesday, April 20, Immediately after tho sale of paints, Jsc, A very largo and superior kitchen range thoroughly completo, and in perfectly gou< condition. Terms-cash. No Rcsorvo. THIS DAY. At Twelvo o'clock. Brunswick. m GIBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION I . on «io promises, situate between «io ne: <&ürtrhouscs and tho Edinburgh Castle, Brunswick on Wednesday, April 20, at twolvo o'clock, The following livo and dead forming stock, com < 1 hOrso and harness and spring-cart, 1 tip-up dray 1 milch cow in calf, with calf at foot, 1 year i. ling filly. . , , , , .,, Also, the following stook-ln-trado of a clothier : Men's moleskin, Bedford cord, twoed, and otho: . trousers ; boys' do do. ; coats, counter am counter scales, and various other effects. Terms-Cash at tho fall of tho hammer. No reservo. . Thomas Gibbs, auctioneer, 60 Littlo Obllins-strec east, noxt City Police Court. Sale at Twelve o'clock._ THURSDAY, APRIL 21. To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. S GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUÇ .- TION, at tho Metropolitan Auction Morl , 10 ColltaB-streot east, on Thursday, April 21, at twelv i o'clock, 160 oilskin coats 10 clotheslines 100 American hams 27 cases alo. And A ciuantlty of ndBoellaneoua: goodB, ifisrms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27. To Butchers, Farmers, and Others. E. CROOK has received instructions fron .1 - T C. Hodgson, Esq., who is lcavtagfor Eu" f 9 ln TÍIRPOSE OFby PUBLIC AUCTION, a , oífton Grevo, Pentland Ä, near Blow's Bridge, « Wednesday. April 27, at noon, Hta eiBeuenl farm stock, &c;, comprising, Bnvuows, 2 do steers 10 milch cows, very quiet, with ¿Wes and caiving ; 3 heifers, in caß jji steers and heifers, l8 months and upward* \- tractable and In high condition; taws ant iSL «draught horne, strong useful hack ÄÄÄÄ*¡, OtonslForbay and oats, approved Ulis at thro, months'; for to^S∓^aea. day. À April /Kui' Ai April 2Í PRELIMINARY NOTICE. " Extensive Salo of Paperhangings. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, . in ^ hfs rooms, Collins-street, on an e*ri¡y 110 cases,and bales of vory superior paMrku» inga, aU now in course of being landed Terms-nd particulars in futuro advertlBcmcntg. ~ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. "" To Fumituro Doalors, in Melbourne Geelong Bah loarat, Beocliworth, Sandhurst, _c. 267 Cases American Furniture. * G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION!, -._.», innis rooms, Collins street, on an early ibv. ot which duo notice will ho given, j -j» "" Ex Ocean Steed, 267 cases Amorican fumituro, comprising tho mo*'' recent dcBlgns and newestpatterns of 'Baltimore chairs, cano and wood Quincy wood chairs Baltimore and common rockingtlchoirs, cane anti wood scats and backs ,'Grcclan maplo chairs _? Imitation rosewood chairs" Oak office chairs, cane and woodleeata Children's hole, offlco, peg, arm, and' n>c___ chairs * ~ Washstands Reading tables Pine, cherry, and black walnut tables Bureaus, three and four drawers, &c.; Tlio abo^c shipmont is now going into tho ano. lioneor'a mart In splendid ordor, and, bolng selected by a person knowing well the requirements of this mr. ket, will bo found exceedingly suitabioat the pre- sent time. Sample's will ho on viow in a fow days. To bo sold Without Reservo on vory Liberal Term». THIS DAY. ~' To Grocers, Country Storekeepers, and Other Sale of Provisions and Groceries. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION. _.. « in his rooms," Collins-streot, on Wed- nesday, April 20, at eleven o'clock, Provisions Groceries Bottled fruits Oilmen's stores, assorted, _c. Further Particulars and Torms prior to Day of ??*?»» ~" THIS DAY. " To Grocers and Others. 00 Half-chests Tea, in Bond. 40 Do Do, Duty-paid. 10 Tons of Manilla Coffee. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION; ____. in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesdry. _prÏÏ 20, nt eleven o'clock, , DC half-chests tea, in bond 40 do do, duty-paid 10 tons Manilla coffee Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ' To Grocers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. Salo of 100 Cases Salmon, hi 2-lb. Tins. . G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _in his rooms, CollinB-streot, on Wcdnciday, ?pril 20, at cloven o'clock, D in diamond, ,100 cases, each 2 dozen, of Dunn's preserred salmon. In 2-lb. tins. All just landed in the best order and condition. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Grocers and Olhors. 160 Boxes Windsor Starch, r G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION", , in his rooms, Collins-streot, on Wcdnes-ky, 20, at cloven o'clock, 150 boxes Windsor starch, inj-lb., J-lb., and Mb. packages. All guaranteed. _Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ' To Grain Merchants, Llvery-Stablo Kocpors, and Others, 25 Tons Madras aram. 000 BuBhols Oats. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, /_. in his rooms,«Collins-street, on Wednesday April 20, at cloven o'clock, , 25 tons sound Madras gram ' 000 bushels oats. Terms and Full Particulars at Sale. ~ THIS DAY. " To Com Factors, Livcrj--Stablo Keepers, and OUras. 240 Bags Danish Oats, G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _ .in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, Apnf20, at eleven o'clock, ' 1,084 bushels primo Danish oats, in bags ot _ \- busholB each, hags to bo charged Is. each. _ Terms at Sale. _ THIS DAY. 30,000 Swiss Cigars, in Small Boxes. G. M'COMBE wall SELL by AUCTION, __ J in his rooms, Collins-streot, on Wcdnese-y, April 20, at cloven o'clock, 30,000 Swiss cigars, in small boxes, all gnu_a * teed, Torms at Sale. _ THIS DAY. To Chemists, Grocers, and Others, r 10 Cases Epsom Salts. 10 Barrels Bathbrlcks, &c;, 4G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, ,' in his rooms, Collins-street, on WeAmörT, 20, at cloven o'clock, 10t eases Epsom salts, In loz. packets, and 7H>. i boxes 10 barrels bathbrlcks. And Sundry samples of flour, starch, hams, presened milk, &c.; _No RcBervo._ THIS DAY. ? i To Grocers and Others. 10 Casos Prime Cheshire Cheese, i 20 Barrels Californian Salmon. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, . I In his rooms, Collins-streot, on Wednesday, April 20, at cloven o'clock, peases primo Cheshire cheese ,20,barrols Californian Balraon '20, quarter-barrels wbito herrlngr. j | All in good order and condition. -_Terms nt Salo._ ./ | THIS DAY. i To Grocers and Country Storekeepers. 120 Bags Nativo Ceylon Coffee. A Suporior Sample. / » * j in Illa luumn, v«n April 20, at clovon o'clock, 120 bogs native Ceylon coffee, in bond. The abo\o is a very superior sample, and in the bat order and condition. i Terms Liboral. THIS DAY. i To Spirit Doalors and Others. 300 Coses Brandy, A,G. M'COMBE will BELL by AUCTION, , in his room?, Collins-street, on Wednesday, 20, at cloven o'clock, "100 cases, each of tho following brands, of brandy : Gusuu o Edouard and Co. Belly Freres J.'Bawn. i Also, 10 hogsheads French brandy, low proof. TormB, Liberal at Sale._ THIS DAY. Underwriters' Salo of 50 Cases Feast's Assorted Jams. i Ex OTbycn, from London. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, J\ ,' in his rooms, Collins-streot, on Wednesday, April 20, at devon o'clock, Ex OThyon, from London, 1 S.J. Seo. Ito60, 60 cases, each 0 dozen, Feast's assorted jams, in Mb. tins, \cry slightly damaged by seawatcr. To bo sold for tho benefit of tho underwriters. Without Reservo._ THIS DAY. 1 Working-Bullocks. To Farmers, Carriers, and Others. DOUGHARTY and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir yards, lato Bear's Horso Market, cornor of Queen and Bourko streets, on Wednesday, April 20, at twelve o'clock, Team of 4 working-bullocks Do of 0 do Dray and goar, complete_ | THIS DAY. Upstanding Horses. DOUGHARTY and Co. have received instruc- tions from tho breeder to SELL by AUCTION, at tnoir yards (lato Boar's norso Market), comer of Queen and Bourko streets, on Wednesday, April 20, at twelvo o'clock, , J ,... 20 Ano upstanding horses, In good condition, direct from tho breodcr'B hands._ THIS DAY. Wool. Wool. Wool. PURCELL and DOUGHARTY will SELL by AUCTION, at our now warehouses, ÇolliaH Btrcct wcBt, on Wednesday, April 20, at three o clock, Wool Sheepskins. __ ^ ^".g ^ ^ THIS DAY. , A JOY has received instructions to SELL by . PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho premises, No.ja uncen-strcet, on Wednesday, April 20, at ten o clock V Tho cedar partition and offlco fumituro, bed?, bedding, chairs and various other articles. Also, i , , Avarioty of proof engravings, largo-steed plates, THURSDAY, APB-IL 21. Secondhand Furniture, And tho Remainder of an Invoice or Iron Be_«*~dir. , To be Sold Without Rcsorvo. AN1 WALSTAB will BELL by AUCTION, af¡ Gr. toroon-, BSCollirïstrcot west, on Thursday. AC rVmÄTÄloo of iron bedsteads, co* sistlng of- , 2 child's co«, superior moko 4 tester bedsteads 5 French do i stun» do J riafrbedstead, p >' , -A wondhaad sob, -pWchoBt, child ? **_ r cradle (Iron), meat-*. ALI to bo sold witboak reserve. Also, 4 new colonial-made chests ol drawers 4 wotrhstands And sundries. i'G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, ' in lils rooms, Collins-streot, on Wednesday, THIS DAY. On tho Queen's Wharf, after tho sales on the Australian Wharf. . SO.OOO Feet St. John's Yellow Pino. To/run.beritcrchants, Builders, and Others. E EASE Y and Co. will SELL by AUCTION s on tho Queen's Wharf, on Wednesday 20, nt olovcn o'clock. Ex Southern Cross, 80,000 foot St. John's yellowplno. Torms at Salo. THIS DAY. On tho Australian Wharf. 5,000 Foot Clear Pine. Moro or less Damaged by Scawator. Ex Neckar. _ To Timber Merchants and Others, 3TT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION Y Y . on tho Australian Wharf, on Wednesday April 20, at eleven o'clock. Ex Neckar, 6,000 feet clear pmo, 1,1}, and 2 inches. For the benefit of whom it may concern. ^ Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. On the Australian Wharf. 160,000 Feet 0 x 1J Scotch T. and O. Flooring. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and Others. TXT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION Y Y . on "l0 Australian Wharf, on Wednesday April 20, at oloven o'clock, Ex Wallace " 160,000 root 0 x \\\ Scotch T. and G. flooring board! _ Now landing, and will bo sold without reserve. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, APRIL 20. At Twelvo o'clock. Desirable Ficchold Property, Situate in Johnston-street, rear tho corner of Nioholson-streot, Collingwood, And Nearly Adjoining tho Tankervlllo Arms. Together with Tho Cottagoä Erected Thereon. To Small Capitalists, Tradesmen, and Otliors, Requiring a Comfortablo Homo, TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION Y Y . at thoir rooms, 33 Collins-street west, o Tuesday, April 20, at twolvo o'clock, Tho following proporty : All that pioce of land, having a frontago of 00 feel frontage to JolinBton-Btroct by a dopth of abou " 00 Toct, with a right-of-way in tho roar. Upon this property is erected a two-roomed houjo two stables, i.e., at prosont lot at 16s. por week. This property Is near the corner or Nicholson-street nnd closo to tho Tankerville Anns publicliouso ; V well situated, and presents many inducements to tin tradesman, small capitalist, and others, to pureba« Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, APRIL 20. At Twolvo o'clock. By Order of «io Trustees in the Estato of Do Beer Moser, and Co. The Unexpired Tortlon of tho Lease of tho Stores a present in tho occupation of Messrs. Do Beor, Moser, and Co., Market square. ( To Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others, W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION . at thoir mart, 33 Collins street, on Tuesday April 26, at twolvo o'clock, Tho unexpired portion oi tho lease of thoso doslrao three-story blucstono stores, situate in Ma ket-square, and nt present in the occupation of 1> Beer, Mosor, and Co. Tho abovo aro first-rate stores, the position u rivalled in Melbourne, and tho stores on inspo tin, Will bo found well adapted for the requiromonts of mercantile house. Terms at Sale, TUESDAY, APRIL 20. Clearing Salo, At tho l Stores or Messrs. H. Flint and Co., 87 Queon-strcot. In consequenco or their retiring from business. American-mado Furniture, Or evory description, W EASEY and Co. havo received instruc . lions from Messrs. II. Flint and Co., in conse Suonce of their letirlng from business, to SELL lu .UCTION, at their stores, 87 Queen-street, on Tue . day, April 20, at oleven o'clock sharp, Their entire stock of handsome American-mid j furniture, comprising I Plain and o'tivjer marbio top sldoboarda Do do wood top do ' Library and parlor bookcases German secretaires American chairs, in variety Rotiry and other offlco chairs 1 Children's chairs, in variety i Wood and cane-scat rockers I Spring scat mahogany do I Mahogany and walnut parlor chairs Grecian and other extension tables Mahogany, walnut, and cherry-troo do, 8 to li i feet tenths ~- i Marble and wood top centro tables. Do do sofa do Do do bar-room do Loo tables Reading, leaf, and other tables BcdBtcaus, wardrobes Mnrblo and wood top bureaus Chestnut do ' Walnut and pino bedroom suite 1 Commodes, hatBtands, towol-horsos, &.c. Tho attention of parties furnishing and the tra li is directed to the above sale of furniture, which ha been imported expressly for thoir own tráete. Terms Liberal. -J_. , TUESDAY, APRIL 20. I All thoso Valuablo Blucstono Store and Offices, I Situate and being i No. 122 Colliiis-strcet west, At present in «io occupation of McsBrs. Lorimer Mackie, and Co., Agonts for the White Star Line and Messrs. Kaufmann, M'Callum, and Co. i Producing a Rental of £000 per Annum. Comprised under 23} Years' Unexpired Lease, and subject to a Ground-Rent of £240 per Annum. To Capitalists, Merchants, Speculators, nnd Othen Seeking for First-Closs Investments. EASEY and Co. havo received instruc tiona from Messrs. Ramsay Brothers t< a ujoMÏT to AUCTION, at their rooms, S3 Collins -street, on Tuesday, April 20, at twelvo o'clock, All that valuablo portion of land, being allotment i 16 of section 2 of tho city or Molbourno, having n i frontage of 80 feet to Colllns-stroot west hy « depth of 106 fact to a right-of-way In tho roar, on which is erected all that most substantial »ton and offices, built of blucstono, faced with Port i land stone, and finished regardless of expense In a , most superior and substantial manner, fitted witli platcglass windows, with gas and water Intel on throughout. Ground Floor Aro four capacious, and highly-flnlBlied, and well arranged offices. Basement. An excellent and substantial store, under which is a dry and lofty collar. fThe whole of which havo a frontago of 30 feet te Collins-street w est, by a dopth of 05 feet. Jn the rear is a yard of 40 root in depth, on whicli Is erected a tlireo- roomcd brick-built and slated resi- dence, commodious shed, and out-ofllces, enclosed, with f;atcs opening to a right-of-way, and which aro now n the occupation of Messrs. Lorimer, Mackie, and Co at a rental of , £700 per annum. Upper Floor Consists of two front olliccs, well arranged in ovcry re- spect, with bath- room, water-closet, and store lu roar of tho same, approached by tho aforesaid rlglit-of-wav In tho rear, and occupying a frontago of 30 foot by n depth of 05 feet, now in the occupation or Messrs. Kaufmann, M'Callum, and Co., at a rental of £200 por annum. The auctioneers beg particularly to call tho attention oft merchants and others to «io abovo very valuable anilimportant property ; from its proximity to the wharves and raliway, and tho Improving value ol frontages to this the principal street of tho city, It must at all times command a high rental, and bo a safo investment. Terms, Liberal, t Solo. FRIDAY, APRIL 20. At Twolvo o'clock. Farms. Farms. 100 Acres Tino Agricultural Land, Subdivided into Farms, To Suit all Classes of Purchasers Situate on tho Qardinor's Creek, about 8 Miles from Molbourno, in a continuation of tho Commercial road. Prahran, and near tho proporty of Mr. M'Clurc, running back from the Main Dandenong . road. ¡To Farraors, Doirymon, Markotgardoncrs, Immi- grant«, Small Capitalists, and Others desirous 0« obtaining ' Comfortablo Homesteads. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, 83 Collins-Btrcot west, on Friday! April 20, at tw elvo o'clock, 100 acres fine agricultural land, subdivided into farms, as follows : A. n. i' Lot 1. Farm, containing-18 0 1, fronting thoCroek 2\. Farm, containing-11 0 17, do i . 3. Farm, containing- 8 8 80, do 4\. Farm, containing- 8 8 20, do 6\. Farm, containing-10 2 10, do 0\. Farm, containing-l8 2 2, do 7\. Farm, containing-12 1 10, do 8\. Farm, containing-l8 2 12, do i Tho abovo desirable farms aro well situate, and c»mpriB0 fino land, aro buta short dlstanco from Molbourno. Tho roads from town aro good, and In a .brier timo these properties will bo or great value, frpm their proximity to the city and other natural advantages. Tho auctioneers con confidently recommend small farmers, niarketgardoncrs, and others, desirous of obtaining good land, to buy at this .efllc. Purchasers buying one lot can havo tho option ol taking one or moro farms adjoining. Title unexceptionable, being grant from tho Crown. Terms-One-third cash ; residue by bills at tlircc, six. nine, and 12 months', boarlng bank interest. \- Each farm is marked out on the land. .Every information, with plans, can be obtainod on application to tho auctioneers. if preferred, tho 100 acres will be offered In ono lot, i THURSDAY, APRIL 21. Household Furniture, &c.; 'At tho Royal Ballway Hotel, corner of Elliabcth strcct and Flinders-lano. Til HITCHINS is instructed by tho proprietor I» a to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho pro- mises. Royal Railway Hotel, comer of Elizabeth-street and ITInders-lanc, on Thursday, April 21, at eleven °iTbo 'wholo of the household furniture, consist. iK "¿hairs, tables, bedsteads, beiilng, &e.; j Also, I A water-meter. No reservo. Terms- Caih. SUBMIT , THIS DAY. ~~ S To CoachDuilders, Private PersonB, and Other«. Y T°r,wS ?$ PEEUY ^ 8BLI1 byAÜC , _,. T1»0Nfi íí, tn.°í roomsf Colllns-stroet, on Wod . ñenday, April 20,-at twelve o'clock,_. _ 1 1 spring chaise-cart, quito now. ~ __Terma at Balo. THIS DAY and THURSDAY, APRIL 20 and 21. ExtenBh o Clearing-out Salo of' Ironmongery. To Ironmongers, Saddlers, Cooohbulldors, and tho 1 Trade general yof Molbourno, Geelong, Ballaarat. Sandhurst, and Beechworth. -"-u», SYMONS and PERRY have received instruc- tions from Messrs. Gill, Fowler, and Co to _UBM1T to PUBLIC COMPETITION, nt their rooms" Coilliis-strcot, on Wednesday and Thursday, April 29 end 21, at twelve o'clock, , Tlio undermentioned importations of ironmongery 1 Eaddlory, and coaclihulldors' matoriols, consisting of SOS casks and cases of ironmongery, comprising Assorted shelf ironmongery, fondera, registered grates, tinned and japanned ware, hollow« aro cutlery, mangles, spades, shovols, picks, wheelbarrow -wheels, grindstones, buckets napier macho and fancy goods, combs, brashes, horseshoes, liorsenails, hobblechains, bullock chains, plough traces, leading chains, bolts and nuts, wiro webbing, cast stool, door mats, tool baskots, coffin fumituro, frying pans, pistols, revolvers, rifles, pistol flasks, dram bottles, electro-plated ware, -c. 25 casks and cases saddlory, comprising Bridles, bits, spurs, stirrup irons, harness, halters, J haines, girths, brushes, harness furniture, stirrup leather, whips, ¿te. . 40 casks and cases coaenmakors' materials, com | prlBiiig Handles, stops, staplOB, tips, sookots, clips, nails, hinges, lug plates, rib, onamolled cloth, laces. Japanned basllB, onamolled leather, &c.; Also, 250 pairs springs 100 mail-gig axles 160 cart do 500 do bushes 50 pairs loncowood Bhafts, &c; Catalogues w ill bo printed and ready for distribution | in a few days. Torms, Liberal, at Sale. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. Valuablo Proporty, In Collingwood. By Order of tho Mortgagees. SYMONS and PERRY aro instructed by tho mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins-streot, on Thursday, .April 21, at twelvo o'clock, All that plcco or parcol of land situate, lying, and boing In tho county of Bourke, in the colony of Victoria, boing lot No. 00 of tho subdivision of portion No. 61 of the said parish, commencing ata point 207 feet north from tho anglo formed by tho junction of tho north sida of Gertrudo Btreet with a Government road, called tho Hcidol borg-road, and bearing further north 00 feet, and bounded on tho cast by said road, bounded on tho north by lot No. 08, boaring wcstl33 feet 3 inches ; on tho west by a rood or way of 20 feet wide, running from the rear of tho said premises into another road or way called Wobb-strcot, bearing south 00 feet, and on tho south by lot No. 70, bearing cast to tho commoncing-polnt 133 foot 3 inches. Togothor with nil and singular houses, outhouses, edifices, buildings, foncoB, and walls thereon. Terms-Cash on the fall of the hammer. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. Valuablo Building Allotments In Cochrano-strcct, Brighton, Botwoon tho Railway Terminus and tho Beach. To Parties Seeking Beautiful Sites for Marino Resi- dences, Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY havo received instruo tions from tho proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, | at their rooms, Colllns- stroet, on Thursday, April 21, at eleven o'clock, All that picco or parcol of land, boing portion of allotment No. 17 of Dendy's Special Survey, situ- ate In Cochrane-stroot, Brighton, and near tho Railway Terminus. For building purposes tho sito is unsurpassed, being a beautiful undulating slopo, and commanda an oxton I slvo view of the Bay and shipping, and is in the immc ! diato vicinity of tho residences of R. Gill, Esq, - Lamach, Esq., - Budd, Esq., and L. Rostron, Esq. The proporty has boon laid out in convenient allot- ments, having frontages to Coclirano-strect and Mildred-street, loading to Bay-street, and offers an I opportunity for parties seeking a quiet retreat, or marine residence, In a delightful locality seldom to bo mot with. Plans showing tho subdivision may bo seen at tho rooms of tho auctioneers. Terms- Ono-fourth cash ; balanco, thrco, six and nino months, tho lost two bills bearing bank | interest. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. To Speculators, Pcraons.Boeking.Invostincnts, and Others. Valuablo Freehold Proporty, bituato in Swan-strcct, Richmond. Close to tho Junction of tho Molbourno and Suburbin Railway Terminus. For Positivo and Unreserved Salo. SYMONS nnd PERRY havo received instruc- tions from tho owners to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-streot, on Thursday, April 21, at eleven o'clock, Loti has a frontago of 44 foot 8 inches to Swan-street, hy n depth of 125 feet. Lot 2 has a frontago of 44 feet 8 inches to Swan-streot, hy a depth of 125 feet along a street 25 feet wldo, called Statlon-strcot. Lots has a frontago of 20 feet 0 inches to Swan-streot, by a splendid depth of 163 along Station-streot, and has a right-of-way In tho rear. Lot* has a frontago of 20 foot 0 inches to Swan-stroot, hy a depth of 180 feet to a right-of-way. On lota S and 4 aro erected two well-built brick cottages, containing llvo roomB each, and In oxcollont repair. Lot 6 has a frontago of 30 feet to Swan-streot, by a depth of 132 feet, having also tho benefit of a ' rlght-of-w ay in tho roar. Lots 0 and 7 '' havo each a frontago to Stophonson-Btrect hy a depth of 88 feet 0 inches to Station-Btroot. ' ' Terms, liboral, declared at sale. Tho abovo proporty being situate in such an Im- proving Bituation in that rapidly-rising municipality of Richmond, and in such closo proximity to tho Station of tho Molbourno and Suburban Railway Company, offors really such astorling opportunity that it should not bo lost Bight of by poreons Becking permanent investments, and porsonB wishing a nico snug cottage could not do bottor than to secure ono of the abovo. Immediate possession can bo had. Titlo porfect. For furthor particulars application to bo made, cither to tho auctioneers, or to Messrs, Selwyn, Klingender, and Chorsloy. , N.B.-Not tho slightest reservo. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. To Speculators, Merchants, and Others. Valuablo Freehold Property, Closo to tho Goods Station, Mclbourno and Mount Alexander Railway, SYMONS and PERRY havo rccoived instruc- tions to SELL ny AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-stroet, on Thursday, April 21, at elovon o'clock, All that plcco or parcol of land situato, lying, and iboing in tho town of Molbourno, county of Bourko, being part of allotmont No. 8 of soction .32, having a frontago of 64 foot to Littlo LonBdole htrcct, bounded on the east by a Uno commencing at the north-east cornor of said frontago, and ¡bearing southward 120 foot ; and on tho south by ?a Uno at right angles with tho aforesaid Uno, and (bearing westward 64 foot ; and thon by a lino at ¡right angles hearing northward 120 foot ; and from thenco by a Uno boaring eastward 64 feet to commonciug-point. Togothor with Tho uso In common of a right-of-way 12 feet wldo on tho western sido, entering from Littlo Lonsdalo Btrcot. Terms, liboral, declared at salo. Tho auctioneers wish particularly to call tho atten- tion of merchants, speculators, and tho publlo gene- rally to tho abovo choleo picco of land, being sltnato in closo proximity to those magnificent bonded stores of Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, und Co., also Messrs. bmlth Brothers' stores, and numorous othors ; and is also near tho rcsidenco of his Honor Judgo Williams, and tho goods station of tbo Molbourno and Mount Alexander Railway, tho increasing traffic of which - alono should moko tho abovo proporty vory valuablo. Titlo flrst-rato. For particulars of titlo application to bo modo to John Clarko, Esq, solicitor, corner of Bourko and I Queen streets_ TUESDAY, APRIL 2«. Household Furniture. Bilghtou. To Privato Families, Parties Furnishing, and Othors. §YMONS nnd PERRY havo rccoivod instruc- tions from MrB. Cornish to SELL hy AUC IN, at her residence, Brighton, on Tuesday, April 20, at twelve o'clock, The whole of her ï aluablo household furniture and effects, hill particulars of which wilt bo given in future advertisements. Terms at Sale. PRIVATE SALE. To Persons Becking Investments, Speculators, aud Othors. Tho Broadmeadows Hotel, C3 YMONS and PERRY have received instruc JO tiona to SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, Tlio Broadmeadows Hotel, Bituato at Broadmea- dows, and now let to a vory rospcctablo tenant. Tho hotel íb built of brick, with slated roof, For particulars apply at tho rooms of tho auc- tioneers. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 200 TrunkB of first-class Boots and Shoes, Manufactured by < lloman and Co., i Ex Southampton and Ardmillan. For Unrescrvod Salo. TflRASER and COHEN havo rooeived instruc-, f> «ins from tho importers, Mcsbts. Michaelis, Boyd, huilCo., to SELL by AUCTION, in a few (fays (as tton-as landed), doo notice of which will bo givon, , Ex Southampton ' ' and Airdmillan, , 200 trunks of flnrVelnss soasonablp boots and Manufactured by Homän and Co." * ' And A most suitable assortincnt of men's, women's, and ch-dren's goods. Tull particulars in future issuo. rj (.tins-Under .tl00" rash ; abovo that sum, ap ved acccytancos ¡.t thrco n'ontln,'. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. "" Allotments in tho rapidly-improvlng ' Munlcipaiily -. ^ ., ". ]?ut Collingwood, -FioatmgSimpson's-road,_William street mfh^' street, Oharles-streotTand MolUsonSet S0taoa" pcrty orSir Charles Nieholson, Knight. Pr0" TiïRASER and COHEN aro favored with ¡" "' J? i struetlons from Sir Charles Nicholson í"LVí streets, in tho municipality of'last rnû wCha?M Terms, date of sale, anf lAlSfflSRSS*!» given in future advertisements. ""-mars will bo Intending purchasers aro requested to insnect tw. !oDPoiîyP "' M thow],olc «*ta2to«M ~- THIS DAY. î . -T Clearing-out Salo or Boots and Shoes. At tho Stores or Messrs. Flow or, M'Donald, and r*> William-street. ' Comprising about 260 Trunks or Men's, Women's and Children's, and ' u îoSl 21 CaBos or Fremont Grain Boots. For Positivo Unrcsorvod Salo, "° m^h "J,"" V'.Y-"1' ?"' "'ou: Blores, William stm*' on Wednesday, April 20, at eleven o'clock "harp ' The whole or the stock or boots and shies, ' Fremont grain boots Mon's clump wellingtons Do do half-wolllngtonB Fine calf wellingtons Do do half-wolllngtons i Do goat do . , Do calf balmorals » \- Strong wellingtons > i ., '» Calf S. S. boots . í " <t ' Do balmorals '?> ' >t Men's hobnailed watortlghts ,, Do copper-bradded do '" ' . Youths' and ta} s' do , Dr wrought iron nailed do * Do oxfords ' " -. Buck slippers ,J Boys' and youOis' S. S. boots l <. Do balmorals Do calf bluchors . , ' ', Do kip do , ' i Do oxftirdB Men's calf sprigged bluchers , ' Do kip do . , i Do do loco boots Womon's cloth boots, welts Do do elastics ' Do white lean do . 1 Do colored silk do Do bronze balmorals "¡ Do colored satin Francais I ', Do do cashmere do , ' Do whito satin and kid operas i . Do patent calf slippers Do cashmere spring shoes Do French cashmore boots Do do dolalno do Do do lasting do Do black cashmere do Do memel boots, wolta, T. P. H. **(, Do super balmorals , Girls' and chilelron'B cloth hoots , A Do momol do Do balmorals ' llti Do cordovan boots > ; Do cashmere do /?- , Do bronze morocco do Do morocco 03 olot shoes - Do patent calf slips i DO seal enamelled Btrapg 1 ! Do leather boots iii " Infants' felt do 1 ) Colored morocco straps Grain boots, w cite Japan black balmorals > Molro antique do 11 Men's and w onion's morning slippere. 1 TorniB-Under £100, cash; abovo that sum, un- proved acceptance at thrao months'. 1 THIS DAY. l' Carriages. ERASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho Pantoehnioon Carriage Roposf ., 01 Queon-stroot, on Wednesday, April 20, at " twelve o'clock. Without tbo slightest reservo, ' Tho following eligible London-built vehicles, the manufacture of the woll-known house orNurso anil Co , makers to Hor Majesty, or Rogent and Crawford streets, London. They comprise 1 very elegant park phaoton, with head in front,, firBt materials and finish 1 first-rate and fashlonablo cab phaeton, doors to _ side, panted green, plato glass shutters. He. "I 1 domcstlo phaeton, inclosed with canopy and curtains to shift, patent axles, suitable lor station purposes ¡ 1 now double-bodied cab phaeton, best make and finish, head to shift to cither scat, fully ap- pointed and finished 1 flrst-rato cab phaeton, lined and finished in best manner, royal enamel lcathor head, light ana elegant, painted bluo, relieved. > Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. I Corriogos. , , TflRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- > r* TION, at tho Pantechnicon Carriage Rcposi torj'i 91 Queon-strcot, on Wednesday, April 20, at twelve o'clock. Without tho slightest resorvo, Tho following superior and handsome London-built vehicles- ' Ono pilonthum, of best make and finish, with en-11 closure to Bhlft, appointed with a whccl-brcak - and all «10 latest Improvements ' Ono barouche,'by Buchannan, Glasgow, in very I excellent working order One capacious family car, to hold six, colonial built, highly finished One phaoton, with sido glasses, lamps, &c;, com- , píete | Four cartB. One vory superior HanBom's patent safety cab _ Two very superior dog-carts, nearly new. Ex Giant's Causoway. TorniB at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27. Valuablo City Frcohold, Queon-strcot. First-rate Opportunity for 'partios wishing a Itally First-class Business Site, in tho Centre of tho Busi- ness Portion or «10 City. "ORASER and COHEN havo received instmc JP tions from tho proprietor to SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, 14 Collins-street west, oa Wednesday, April 27, at twolvo o'clock, The following most excollont Allotment of Land, havlng27foot frontago toQueon street, by adepth of 00 feet to a right-of-way 12 feet from Flinders lane. Bounded on tho north ty Stubbs and Son's old auction mart, now in the occupation of Messrs. Mackillop and Cooke ; on tho south by Messrs. Beauchamp Brothers',', and now In tho occupation of Mosers. Crouch'and M'Phcc. . On O10 Bouth sldo there is a right-of-way 20 feet by a. dopth of 20 feet, and adjoining tho London Char- tered Bank, now nearly complete. Tho auctioneers havo much pleaslSo in calllngLh attention of parties scoking a permanent and gooa in\ OBtmcnt to this allotment, whore thoy can moko cortara of a remunerative roturn for thoir outlay, as proporty in this portion of tho city always lots most readily. To morchanta or others wanting a sito for tho purposo or erecting a store and offices for any style of business, this allotment stands unrivalled. The solo will take placo on Wednesday, April 27, lit twelfo o'clock. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27. 04 TrunkB Suporlor Seasonable Boots and Shoes Manufactured by Messrs. James Davies and Sons. _ Just Landed ox Dlouo, from London. TjlRASER and COHEN aro instructed by tho 1» importers, Messrs. H. Towns and Co, to SELL ty AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins street west, cn Wednesday, April 27, at olovon o'clock. Without the slightest resorvo, 04 trunks Davies and Sons' boots and shoos, com- prising 663-1 trunk enamelled napoloon clumps 684-1 do grained do 606, 600-2 do romo contents 607, 668-2 do ¿tout kip drovors'boots 600, 570-2 do gontlomcn'sBtout calf wellingtons, clumps 671-1 do do pegged 672-1 do do bradded 673, 674-2 do medium do 676-1 do men's kip w ollingtons ' 676, 677-2 do do stout do, bradded 678-680-8 do gontlomon's stout calf princes 681-688-4 do mon's kip do . £84-1 do gcntlomon's mock balmorals, olastio ßldos ... ,," 686-687-8 do do memel boots, clastio »lara, clumps 588-501-4 do ero, calf goloshcd 602-1 do mon's stout calf bluchers, braetded 503-1 do do kip do , 604, 605-2 do do, rough 600-1 do men's hob-nailed do 607-001-5 do stout kip army do 002,003-2 do stockmen's kip lacing boots 004-008-6 do mon's calf oxonlan shoes, to luco 009-1 do youths' and boys' call wellingtons 010, 011-2 do do stout calf bluchers 012, 013-2 do do kip do 014-017-4 do do kip watortlghts 018, 010-2 do do kip loco boots 020-028-4 do womon's calf loco boots 024-1 do do grain do , "._,,. 025-030-0 do ludios' cloth kid-top and enamel boots. 038-030-4 do girls'do do , , 087-042-0 do children's cordovan, cloth, kid, am morocco boots ; patent calf shoes, ana co- lored kid do .... a vT»»l« 648, 044-2 do ladies' volvot-pilo and bruBsei« MS-oV^do mon's volvet-pUo, patent, margate. ( and brussels do. . A. . __ ñm Terms-Undor £100, cash; abovo that sum, »P* proved acceptances at turee months', endorsen u required. _ - THIS DAY. G THOMAS and Co. will SELL ty AU0 # TION, on tho Australian Wharf, on Wodnoa nay, April 20, at olovon o'clock, Ex Wave, 8,400 (pot 3x2, from 8 to 22 root 6,800 do 4 X 2, do 8 to 22 do 2,000do 4 x8, do8 to 22 do 1,600 do S x2, do 8 to 22 do , ;; 7,600 do Ox 8, do 8 to 22 do 1,600 posts and rails. . 11,000 viscountess beat biuo B^J^t*,1^ H.BT-An Invoice of beams on sate, P^'^JP001 ficatlon to be seen at the offlco of tho auctioneers. No reserve. Tenus-Cash. 