VICTORIA. The Melbourne has brought us pipers, despatched by the Salsette, to the 15th inst From the Serald of the 14th February we gather the fol lowing news of the floor and grain markets :— The flour and gram market has presented some signs of in* creased animation, and quotations have consequently been' very fully maintained.. Country brands of Adelaide flour have been selling at £17 158, and town do. at £1S to .£18 10s. Wheat is quoted at 8d to 8s 31 per bushel, and bran at 2s. For oats there has been a fair inquiry ; Scotch and Irish are worth 4s lod lo 5s and 5a 2 1 ; colonial, 5B 3d ; California and Danish, 5s 3d ; and Calcutta, 5s Id. Maize may be quoted at 68 id per bushel, and gram at £U 10s to £12. Hay.— Mr. Fentou reports :— Our market continues to be overstocked with a second class and Inferior article, very diffi cult to selL I have dispose 1 of 296 loads at the following prices : Best, £8 log to £9 10s ; ^second and inferior, JES to £1 108; straw, £3 los to £i. 3it6srs. Butler and Moss state : There has been a shade better price obtained for best hay, and a little more activity generally, the arrival* being more suited to our demand man for some weeks previously. We obtained the following quotations throughout the week : Best hay, £6 10s to £9 10b ; second and inferior, £6 to £7 103; Stntw,£tto;£4 10s. We extract the following from the Melbourne Commercia I Report oi February 14 : — The great ease iu the money market in England, and the difficulty experienced by captalists in fin.iiuj profitable ein ployuieut lor Utcir money will increase the facilities for advancing -ugon consiguments to this colony. Ilie number of vessels unemDloyed, and the low rates of freight ruling, will, no-doubtJ^'l-rodLicuve of increasing shipments. \Ve do not, theretfeiE, expect that any relief will De afforded to this market Ibr-«o»t- lime. The opening of the new year tutsijeen without any.,*eature of interest, business has con tinued as dull as before the last mail left audthe fimeu's advices have not had a tendency to improve commerciftl affairs. The falling Off in the immigration is very considerable. It is remarkable that such should be the case, as We hear of much distress prevailing at home, and but little inducement offered to emigrants iu other parts of tb-* world, whilst in Otis colony there i& a' vast-field of employment for all classes of laborers and artizauB. We should be glaJ to see some Vystein' of free'emigration' adopted, or other faciities given to induce a larger amount of emigration to this colony. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce have decided not to acknowledge the .new arrangements entered Into by the Home Government with the i'euinsulariind'OrIeStal Steam Company, and predetermined to have s line of their own, Tia.l'ananna, Steps are about to be taken to accomplish lhisjobject. . -. ?- The eales by auction have gone off without saint, and iu face of the late advices, dealers do not saem inclined to operate The arrivals of timber continue. Tea is coming in freely, as also s Jgar ; and all these articles are falling tuvalue. . Hie returns show a large decrease iu the yiel i of jgold for the month, butit is reported that the^ new go)d-fleld| Withe Dandenoug Range have turned outvery rich, and are atteact ingiiumbei'8 to them. In the money market there is a. large amount of capital seeking investment on mortgage or other first-class securi ties, at moderate rates of interest ; but for discounts the rates remain the same. High rates of interest are gtiU being paid for loans, for short periods. 