I SYDNEY SHlrTINGr. (Abridged from Oie ITeràUl and Empire.) AnmVALS.-December 13. Strathallan, ship, 651 tons, Cap- tain Williamson, from Hongkong 10th October; Bonaparte, schooner. 120 tons. Captain Hob, from Port Albert 8th instant ; Fldus. barque, 30Otoii9, Captain Singleton, from Melbpiuao 2nd instant; Esperanza,brig, 12* tons,Captain M'Kav, from Melbourne 8rd instant ; Elf Whitney, ship. 607 tons. Cantala Sinclair, from Melbourne 8rd instant, in ballast; Adeona, schooner, 115 tons. Captain Welsh, from Port Elliott 28th No- vember -, Lady Denison, brig, 127 tons, Captain M'Klnley, from Launceston 8rd instant; Tell. Hamburgh barque, 280 tons, Captnln Koch, from Hongkong September 22-, Yarra Yarra, steamer, 500 tons, Captain Bell, from Brisbane nth instant, with 4 passengers; New Moon, steamer, Captain Nins, from Macleay Uiver December 11. 14. Hunterfs.), 204 tons. Captain Sullivan, from Clyde Uiver 13th instant, with120i passengersi; Illawarra (s ), 200 tons. Captain Keft, from Mcrriiubala 18th. instant; Jason, ship. 877-tons, Captain Stewart, from the Downs 10th September, passengers-Miss Atkinson, Miss Pen- fold, Mr. end Mrs. Keath andohlld, Mr. W. Robertson, Masters Robertson (8), Mr. Bragstone, Mr. Goddard ; Freak, brig, 246 tons. Captain Fanclough, from South Sea Islands, with 8 passengers t Caroline, french mission brig, 170 tons, Captain Truscott, lrom the South Sea Islands, passengers-Bishop Bataillon, Rev. Meiflrs. Mitchell, Ducrete, Prosper, Captain Crocker, and 16 in the steerage; Native Lass, echooncr,.lQ6 tons. Captain StaOerd, from Melbourne loth Instant, with S passengers; Annie Wilson,"ship, 1119 tons, Captain Ducket, from Liverpool 6th September, passenger*-405 Government Immigrants, Dr. Wallace surgeon superintendent; Heather Bell, brig, 188 tons, Captain M'Eackern, from Launceston lath instant, with 3 passengers. _, , " ., DEPARTURES.-December 13. Triton, for Newcastle ; Clara Novello, for Melbourne; City of Sydney («.), for Melbourne. 14\. Raven, for Brisbane; Lion, lor New Caledonia; R.MS.B. Malta, for Suez via Melbourne. ARRIVALS OF COASTERS.- December 13. Eagle,from New- castle, with 160 tons coal ; Margaret, from Morpeth, with 60 tons coal; New Moon (s.), from Macleay River, with*240 bags corn, 0 pigs, and sundries. 14. Gazelle, Venture, Tiger, J. Paxton, and Sacramento, from Newcastle, with 474 tons coal ; Collaroy (s.), from Morpeth, with 150 bales wool, l8 bales hay, 34 bags wheat, 42 hides, 96 bags onions. 17 calves, 7 lambs, 46 Slgs, 30 coops poultry, 12 boxes eggs, 2 kegs tobacco, 6 horses; lorence (a ), from Morpeth, with Ï20 bales bay,' 48 bales wool, 93 hides, 6 coops poultry, 16 cases eggs, 50 sheep, 8 calves, C9 bags potatoes, 30 bags maize, 108 bags onions. SUPPLEMENTARY MAIL.-General Post Office, Sydney, 13th December, 1859.-A supplementary mail for the Malta, per Wonga Wonga (8.), will dose at this office on Saturday, the 17th instant, al ten a.m. Registered letters by the above mall can only be received between nine and ten a.m. of the same day. Newspapers will not be received after nine aro. on the same day. All letters forwarded by this opportunity muBt bear, in addition to the prescribed postage rates, a late fee of a sixpenny stamp on eaoh letter, Irrespective of weight. W. H. CHRISTIE, Postmaster-General. R. SI. S. S. MALTA -List of Passengers.-For Southampton : Mr. A. Denison and servant, Mr. anôf Mrs. W. M. Davidson and child. For Marseilles : Mr. and Mrs. Merry, Mr. and Mrs. Bundock 3 children and servant, Mr. Davidson, Mr. Sanderson and servant, Captain Crowe, Mrs. Crowe. For Alexandria: Mr. Kohn. For China: Mr. Loch. For Mauritius. Mr. Shard. List of Specie : 1 box coln valued £86, Vcyret, Delaruo, and Co. ; 1 box bar gold 872 ozs, II. Moor; 4 boxes bar gold 3257 ozs, 3 boxes 16,000 sovereigns, Oriental Bank ; 1 box 6000 sovereigns. E. M. Sayers. _ . . _ _ " . MAILS nr THE MALTA.-The malls by the P. and O. Co.'s steamship Malta, consist of 80 boxes 10 bags and 1 package, containing 14,649 letters, 171 books, and 16,616 newspapers. Letters. Books. Newspapers. Australian colonies.. 418 80 ceo Aslatio ports. 633 31 £41 Northern countries of Europe, via Trieste. 29 0 0 Continental States, enclosed to France. 410 0 75 United Kingdom, via Mar- seilles . 1,598 SI 620 United Kingdom via South- ampton.11,666 62 14,760 The Freak, from Rotumoh 27th ultimo, has not sighted any vessels, nor does she report any among the islands. The P. and O. Company's steamer Malta cleared the Heads at 2-50 p.m. yesterday, with a fresh breeze from the 8.E. Dee. 16. Tlie Jason, Captain Stewart, arrived yesterday morning, having left the pilot at Portland on the 17th September. This fine clipper is very deeply laden, having over 1600 tons of goods on boara, Including a very large quantity of raliway and other iron. She has, however, made the passage in 87 days, lrom pilot to pilot. No vessels have been spoken.-Dec. 15. The Annie Wilson left Liverpool cn the 5th September, crossed the 40th day out, and rounded the Cape on 12th November In latitude 61S., longitude 66 E. She struck some Ice, but without doing any damage. She was compelled to come south of Van Diemen'» Land. During the passage tlie has lost 12 children by measles and 2 adults, and there have been 6 births. The emigrants are classified as follows:-14 married couples, 118 single men, 123 single women, and 67 children. The Health Officer has placed her In quarantine for a few days, although, at present there is no sickness on board, in order that her passengers may be landed, and the vessel fumigated.-Dec. 16. There is no report by the Tell, which left Hongkong previous to the Strathallan. The Fidus, from Melbourne, reports having fallen In with the Harp, schooner, from Newcastle, bound south, short of pro- visions, off Cape Howe, and that she supplied her with what ehe wanted.-/*«:. 14. The Strathallen left Hongkong on 10th October, making the passage in sixty- three days. The Eagle, from Melbourne, ar- rived on 25th September, and the Oithoua, for Sydney, was ready for sea with a large number of coolies on board. The steamship Yarra Yarra left Cape Moreton on Sunday, the 11th instant, at one p.m., and arrived at Sydney Heads at 6.30 p.m. yesterday. She experienced moderate S. and S.W. winds, with fine weather, during the run across ; on the 8th instant, on the passage to Brisbane, observed the hull of a schooner lately gone ashore inside the bar, name not known. H. M. S. S. Cordelia, lrom Sydney, arrived at Brisbane baron Friday, the 9th Instant, at 6.30 p.m. Sir G. Bowen arrived at Brisbane on Saturday, at 4 p.m. The Margaret, Don Juan, and City of Melbourne were loading when tho Yarra Yarra left- Dee. 14. MELBOURNE.-[By Electrio Telegraph.]-Arrivals.-Dec 13. Ileuritta; Bon Accord, from Mauritiust Balder, from Gotten haigh ; Bard of Avon, from London -, Solcomb Castle, lrom Newcastle; Zlska, lrom Malaga; Water Witch, from Foo Chow Foo. 14. Alliance, from London ; Elizabeth Matilda, from New York. Loss OF THE WILLIAM AND ELIZA, AMERICAN WHALER. Xhe above-named ship, of and from New Bedford, got on the lee reef coming out of the harbour at Fortuna, South Sea Islands, on the 19.h August, and has become a total wreck. The cargo and crew were all saved, and the former has been sold, she having about fifty tons sperm oil on board at the time of the accident. Her commander. Captain Crooker, with hit crew, caine on to S>dney in the Caroline. Bo states that his vessel was Insured. By the Caroline, from Fortuna 26th ultimo, we learn tbo tafe arrival at Wallis Island of the remainder of the crew ol an American brig which foundered at sea. It appears that the bl ig went down suddenly, the crew dividing themselves, some in a boat, and the rest to the number ol thirteen men taking refuge on a hastily-constructed rait. Tlie boat and her crew arrived safely at Samoa, when U.M. brig Elk immediately tailed, for the purpose of finding, If paisible, tbe unfortunate people on the raft. She was at WallU Island on 2n i November, had touched at Fortuna, and from thence to the Feejees, in- tending to call at Wallis Island a second time on her return from her cruise ; but ou the 5th November the raft arrived at Wallis Island, after being at sea nine days, aud tbe people in great distress for the waut of food and water. They were im- mediately taken charge of by the French missionaries, and every attention paid to their wants. The ship's steward died on the fourteenth day. The name of the brig Is not reported. The Caroline has not sighted any vessels, with the exception of the Ariel, which was al Wallace on the 11th November TVFHOON AT UONOKONO.-The Florence dragged her an- chors, aud came alongside the Danish ship Henrietta Helena, where she still remains. The Antelope, Siamese barque, which took up a foul berth In the harbour when the first carne In. and has not yet shifted, basa large Chinese Junk thumping down on her stern at every pitch. The Siamese ship, Racehorse, has dragged her anchors, and was sending down topmasts and topsail yards yesterday afternoon. Tbo C. E. Tilton, Ameri- can barque, was very close to the Fort William at dusk. The Kitty Simpson dragged, but held on well when in pretty close. Tue steamer White cloud went over to Cowloon side yester- day morning, not being able to go to Canton. The steamer, J. Jeejeebhoy, had to get steam up, and tom a-head slowly, to keep her from coming ashore A lorcha, belonging to Mr. G latz, came on shore at the P. &0\. Company's Wharf, knock- ing away bowsprit. Seo., and other damages. A'junk taken from pirates by the police, some time back sunk oil the Water Police station. A lorcha has gone on shore In a small bay to the Westward, and has we believe sustained little or no damage. Two boats belonging to Mr. Macpherson have been totally des- troyed. About 6 o'clock last night, a large lorcha, having parted both cables, came at a great rate down towards Harper's Y ard, fouling the steamer Ann (thero under repair) but not doing any apparent damage, and finally got hawsers round two buildings belonging to the P. and O. Company, where the bung on after knocking away one of the bamboo Jetties. There were some 15 or 20 men on board of the lorcha, the greater part ol whom were howling most dismally and who got ashore as soon as ever the lorcha touched the Jetty -, after striking heavily for the space of one hour, she filled and sunk. Mr? Glatz't lorcha has filled and appears to be muoh damaged. The sea la not quite so nea» tilla morning, but tho guau of wind aro still very vloleut.-7fonff Kong Datfy Press, October u. 