I VESSELS IN HARBOUR. AUSTRALASIAN, K.M.S., 2800, Sceales, off Fort Macquarie, E. & A. R. M. Company, agents. For London. AMELIA BREILLAT, brig, 163, Morris, off Moore»s Wharf, W. H. Fisher, agent. ANTELOPE, barque, 362, Holberg, off Macnamara's Wharf, S. Macnamara and Son, agents. AGNES, schooner, 104, Robinson, Darling Harbour, Frankland, ' agent. ?J Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For New Caledonia. ?J BONNIE DOON, barque, 212, Foreman, at Towns' Wharf, R. ? Towns and Co., agents. ? BENARES, P. and O. Co.'s S., 1800, Skottowe, off Moore's ?J Wharf, P. and O. C-\, atrehts. For Suez. ? CANAAN, ship, 810, Wilson, in the Cove,. Brierley, Dean, ?J and Co., agents. For Hongkong. ?J CORAL QUEEN, schooner, 79, Shank, Smith's Wharf, Mac ?J namara and Son, agents. For New Caledonia. ? CHEROKEE, ship, 780, Allen, Campbell's Wharf, Gilcarist, ? Watt, and Co., agents. Discharging. DTJNROBIN CASTLE, ship, 549, Sim, Circular Wharf, G. A. Lloyd and Co., agents. Discharging. RLI WHITNEY, American ship, 760, Smally, at Wilkinson's Wtiarf, Wilkinson and Co., agents. ESPERBNZA, brig, 133, M'Kiy, Flour Co.'s Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Melbourne. EMMA, brig, 131, Holford, Grafton Wharf, S. A. Joseph, agent, For New Plymouth. FRANCIS, schooner, 102, Wilson, Grafton Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Port Cooper. GENERAL WINDHAM, ship, 651, Leslie, Circular Wharf, Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. For London. June. GAZELLE, schooner, 212, Cunningham, Patent Slip Wharf, Laidley. Ireland, and Co., agents. For Auckland. HOLLENSIDE, ship, 640, Thrift, Moore's Wnarf, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., agents. HEBE, brig, 198, M'Lean, Darling Harbour, Molison and Black, agents. H.M.8. IRIS, 26 guns, Loring, in Farm Cove. Refitting. H.M S. CORDELIA, II guns, Vernon, at Farm Cove. HIMALAYA, Danish ship, 660, Bendicen, in the Cove, Brown and C -., agents. INDIA, American ship, 433, Jellerson, Wilkinson's, Wharf Wil kinson and Co., agents. For sale. JOHN WILLIAMS, barque, 320, Williams, Circular Wharf, R. T. Ford, agent. JOHN BITNYAN, ship, 496, Henry, at Circular Wharf, Monte fiore and Co., agents. For London, in June. JOAN JACOB, Dutch brig, 175, Wilpkerst, in the Cove, Captain, agent. JACOBA HELENA, Dutch ship, 788, Swart, off Bott's Wharf, G. A. Lloyd and Co., agents. KOOPHANDLE, Dutch barque,. 467, Crevecoerne, off Lamb's Wharf, Griffiths, Fanning, and Co., agents. LOEVE8TYN, Dutch ship, 736, Vonck, at Campbell's Wharf, Macintosh and Co., agents. MAHINA, strip,.529, Jamison, off Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co., agents. METEOR, barque, 427, Luly, in the Cove, Monteftore, Graham, and Co., agents. For Batavia. MARGARET MITCHELL, ship, 894, Styles, Campbell's Wharf. Captain, auent. MARIA AUGUSTA, Swedish barque, 300, Bystian, Stream, j . Macnamara atid Son, ascnts. MARIA, French ship, 452, Jattona, at Botte' Wharf, Griffiths, Fawning, and Co., agents. Discharging. MAID OF JUDAH, ship, 665, Mitchell, Circular Wharf, Mon fl-ire, Graham, and Co., agents. Discharging. M0A, brig, 286, Bowden, Grafton Wharf, J. Robertson, agent. For Auckland NOftTHEftN LIGHT, schooner, 89, Tobra, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. NIMROUD, ship, 912, Tillman, off Campbell's Wharf, Montefiore, Graham, and Co., agens. For Singapore. NORTHA W, P. & O. Co.'s S. S., 1600, Stead, off Moore's Wharf, H. Moore, agent. OCEAN QUEEN, schooner, Barney, 100, at Grafton Wharf, Moh son and Black, agents. For Otago. ONEIDA, R.M.S., 2000, Leds, Waterview Bay, Royal Mail Co., agents. For Southampton. PALMYRA, ship, 7d6, Jamieson, Circular Wharf, Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. Discharging PHOENICIAN, barque, 478, Mitchell, at Circular Wharf, Monte fiore, Graham, and Co.,' agents. Discharging. REGIA, brig, 160, Urquhart, at Flour Co.'s Wharf, E. M. Bayers, Rose! French ship, 484, Deries, off Macnamara's Wharf, Buchanan and Co., agents. StOSKA, Swedish barque, 293, Jacobson, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. REBECCA, barque, 320, Marsh, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. SAPPHIRE, ship, 749, Douglass, Botts' Wharf, Willis, Merry, and Co., agents. SARAH ANN, schooner, 130, Handle, Smith's Wharf, Smith, agent. SARAH, brig, 130, Frith, Grafton Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Auckland. THISBE, French corvette, De Centre, Farm Cove. VISCOUNT CANNING, ship, 751, Murphy, at Circular Wharf, G. A. Lloyd and Co agents. For London, 16th June. WATERLOO, ship, 860, Young, Circular Wharf, Gilchrist, Watt, and Oo., agents. For London, June 15. WILD RANGER, American ship, 984, Sears, off Botts' Wharf, Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. WILLIAM ALFRED, sohooner, 120, Tinley, at Flour Co.'s Wharf, M. E. Murnin, agent. For Wellington. Lous op the Bbig Boundary.— The following particulars were received by telegraph from Melbourne on the 4th :^'' Captain M'Pherson, of the barque General Wool, reported that he called at Barren Island on 28th May, and found there the surviving crew of the brig Boundary ; she was wreoked on the Yansettar's Shoal on the 16th May— captain, wife, child, and four haeds drowned.' The Boundary left Newcastle on the i9th April, with a cargo of 280 tons coal on board, bound for Melbourne. 8he was commanded by Captain Hempseed, t-nd her cargo is insured for £260 in the New South Wales Marine Office. The steamship Eagle left Rockhampton on the 28th and Glad stone on the 30th ultimo, and arrived at the Company's -wharf at 6 p,m. on Saturday ; experienced moderate and fresh southerly winds during the passage. The Uncle Tom left Rock hampton on the 27th ultimo, passed several schooners off Tacking Point bound to the southward, and the Yarra Yarra («.) off Port Macquarie on the 3rd, and a steamer off Blaon Head on the 4th instant, The Eagle's cargo is consigned as follows : 20 bales wool, Scott. Henderson, and Co.; li bales ?wool, 14 bides, Caird, Paterson, and Co.; 9 iron pots, S. C. Holdsworth ; 2 cwts., Lotze and Larnach ; 5 ozs. 1? dwts. 6 grs. gold, C. R. Robinson ; 27 ozs. i dwt. 2 gre. gold, R. Towns and Co.; 22 ozs. 8 dwts. 5 grs. gold, Threlkeld. . . The clipper Danish ship Himalaya has met with very adverse weather during the passage from Manila, which has occupied 89 days. She left Manila on the 6th April, and crossed the Equator on 15th; had 8.E.. winds after crossing, and was fl days coming through the Straits of Banoa. Since making^this Jand ehe has had heavy gales. The Matilda was loading for Sydney. The splendid steamship Prince Alfred, 1000 tons capacity, and 220 horie-power, belonging to the Intercolonial Royal Mail Steam Packet Company, who obtained and are now carrying out the con tract with the Lords of the Admiralty and the Government of New Zealand for conveying the malls between Sydney and New Zea land, in connection with the overland route, sails on Friday (to morrow), for Nelson, Wellington, and the Southern Ports, taking the English mails arrived per Northam. We are happy to state this fine 'easel is now commanded by Captain James Bowden, for many years master of the well-kaowa clipper brig Moa, in the Sydney and Auckland trade ; and we have great pleasure in con gratulating Captain Bowden on his appointment, and the Com pany in possessing the services of a gentleman so deservedly re spected and popular in both colonies. - We arehappy to learn that by a recent arrangement with the New Zealand Government, the Company are about to establish a monthly steam service 'between Sydney and Auckland direct, in addition to the existing service be tween this port and the southern Provinces of. that colony, thus concentrating at Sydney the large and increasing trade between the two colonies. The Frowning Beauty, under the command of Captain Downing, formerly of the Gertrude, sails for Auckland in a day or two. Within the last week she has taken in 500 tons of cargo'. Work men have aleo been constantly employed in making such altera tion in the cabin as will materially conduce to the comfort of passengers. She is a very roomy vessel, and appears well adapted for tue Auckland trade. Tie Clarenoe (s } left Wide Bay on Thursday morning, and Moreton Bay on Friday evening. She brings up from the former port, 188 bales wool, 140 bides, 32 casks tallow, and sundries; and from Moretoa Buy, a few packages of fruit. She reports strong soutberly and S.E. winds the whole passage; also, that the Coquntte was coming out of Moreton Bay, bound to Wide Bay, on the 3rd instant. The Illawarra (s.), left Port Macquarie at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, and arrived here at 10 a.m. yesterday, making a good run of 20 hours. She reports the William schooner lying there laden, and ready for sea. Pilot Eingsford, of Port Macquarie, has been compelled to come te Sydney by the Illawarra, owing -to his boat capsizing when about 50 yards off the beach on Tuesday last. The wind was blowing hard from the E, V.E.,and a heavy sea rolling, from what could be seen from the steamer, all hands and the boat were driven ashore by the surf, and were busily engaged in hauling the boat up. The Vixen left Brisbane on the 27th, and Cape Moretou on the Slst ult. Since rounding Smoky Cape experienced strong southerly winds, accompanied with five successive days' rain. Her eargo consists of 67 casks taliew, 562 hides, 372 pine planks, 31 ship planks, and sundries. The Mimosa, from Merimbula, Twofold Bay, and UlladuUa, brings up 206 hnga pntafawylOO bagsia-An, 6 bugs onions, 2 bega lard, 155 cheese 6 packages 4 bales leather, 16 packages, 133 bags flour, 44 bags wheat, 72 Jtegs butter, 200 sides bacon, and sundries. The R. M. Co.'s S. European was towed to sea on the 9th, by the Washington (s ), and, after obtaining an offing of seven or eight miles, made sail and proceeded on her voyage, with a fine breeze off the land. The Northam, P. and O Company's steamer, arrived yesterday, at ! 1 a.m. She is commanded by Captain Stead, and is similar in appearance to the Bplendid boats that have preceded her. She has made the run from Suez to Sydney, without including detention in various ports, in 36 days 17 hours, the following being an ab stract of her time : From Suez to Aden, 4 days 23 hours ; Aden to Mauritius, in days 8 hours ; Mauritius to King George's Sound, 15 days; King George's Sound te Kangaroo Island, 3 days 14 hours ; Kangaroo Island to Port Phillip Heads, 1 day 16 hours ; Port Phillip Heads to Sydney, 2 days 10 hours— making 37 days 23 hours, from which must be deducted 6 hours difference of time, ship moving to the eastward, which gives the time abovemen tioned. On her passage from Melbourne she was hove-to in the Straits from 1 a.m. until 7 a.m. on the 8th, in consequence of dark foggy weather ; and, after rounding Cape Howe, ehe had strong northerly gales, with heavy head sea. The Malta (s.), arrived at Mauritius on the 8th, and sailed again on the lota May for Aden. We have to acknowledge the politeness of Mr. Algar, the purser, and Captain Webb, Admiralty agent, for numbers of the latest papers, and our correspondents' dispatches. The Agnes left the feejees on 21st May, and reports the follow ing arrivals ;— April 27, John Wesley, brig ; May 14, Circassian, and Mechanic; 21, Phantom, from New Caledonia. No vessels have been sighted on the passage. The Concorde, French barque, was loading at Mauritius for Sydney on 16th May. The Burnett brings no report from Hawk's Bay, nor has she sighted any vessels on her passage. The boats belonging to H.M.S. Iris and Cordelia were exercised down the harbour yesterday, several rounds being fired from the boats' guns, at a target, which was hit within ten minutes. Oca Mail Seevice. — The evil genius that has so long presided over the Australian Mail Service, does not appear to have sated its appetite for mischief, and seems almost as muck disposed to play pranks with the new Company us with the former ones. Some mischance has lain in the way of every vessel that has as yet been entered for the service. The S^Isette was kept dancing round the Mauritius in a cyclone, unable to get to the anchorage, and forced to waste a couple of days in tbe performance of that unsatigfactoi y exhibition of nautical gymnastics. The Malta w&s; so deserted by the winds on her past-age out to take her place pn the station, that it was with the greatest difficulty she was got ready to start in time. The Emeu snapped her in. termediate shaft in two, and had to retire from the work disabled ; and the Columbian met with an accident to her machinery, which muBt inevitably delay the delivery of her mail in London. While the Benares and the Northam, have both arrived in Sydney, two days after their contract time. The captain of tbe schooner Picard reports having passes at noon on Monday within a mile of Eddystone Point, where he saw a schooner lying on her purt broadside. There were six men visible walking np and down the shore ; they had a boat hauled up, and two tents were also standing on the beach. They made no distress signal, and Captain Griggs, thinking that they were wreckers, did not trouble himself to send a boat on shore. All the yards and topmasts had been taken down, and from her appear* ance she was thought to be a stranger. She hadblack mast-heads; and from the vessel's position it is supposed that ehe will never be got off.— Hobart Town Mercury. With the exception of the arrival of the Solon, reported above, we have not been placed in possession of any authentic particulars, saving that the passage has been one of 147 days, and that she had to put into Cape Town for supplies. The immigrants, notwith- standing the lengthy passage and the privations consequent thereon, have reached port in good health, and were brought up to town yesterday in the steamer Breadalbane,— Free Press, May 31st. Rdsskll, Bat of Islands.— May 16th ; Arrived :— The barque Manhattan. Gray, master, nine days from Sydney, baund to New York, put in to obtain hands, 