ABBTBACT OF BALES BY AUCTION -HI8 DAY. -taaraiV. EASEY and Co.-At tho Australian Wharf ' -Slates, T. andG. Scotch flooring. At tho Vic- * toriaRailway Station-Bally sugar. y - Meemi. FRASER and COHEN.-At their rooms'-Stono and brick built cottages (unfinished), inWestgarth streot, Fitzroy. McEsra. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS.-At tho promises, TVimmora-placo, St Kilda-Household furnituro. 1Ir-_N- KTSMAN-At tho ground, Glpps-streot Building ullotmont On tho promises, Lonsdalo street-Housohold furnituro. Messrs. S. ORABAH and Co.-Attholrrooms.ColIins streot-Wines, spirits, stout, groceries, &o.; Mr. J. BELLIN.-On tho premises, Cambndgo street -Furniture, &c; On »ho ground-Property in Smith-street. MctsTS. 0. 8. Ross and Co.-Doors, sashos, shelving flooring, deals, sawn laths, ¿te. Mr. J. WABE-At his rooms, Collins street_Dra- pery and muBlln goods, duck trousers (damaged). Mcfsrs. DouonARTT and Co.-At their yards Bourke-streot-Unbroken colts and fillies. ' Mr. H. A. CotFEV.-At Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-stroofc west-Land In tho county of Mornington. Mr--^T,IJ?BB:-On the premisos. Sydney-terrace. Wellington-parado - Household furnituro and effects. Messrs EDWARD ROW and Co-At their yards Bourko stroot-Colts and fillies, milch cows. ' Messrs M'CAw and ANOTHER.-At the Royal Horse» Bazaar-Colts and fillies. > McEsrs. J. LYONS and Co.-On tho premises, Collins street-Fittings of London Chartered Bank. At their rooms-Immigrants' overtimo luggage. J'r. ALFRED BLISS.-On tho ground, Chapel-streot. Prahran -Allotments of land and buildings. Messrs. JAMES HRNDEREOV and Co.-At Kirk's Horso Bazaar-Horses and vehicles. Mr. W. W. TREACY.-At his yards, Bourko-streol-« Horses. f JIEWFF'B SALE.--At tho premises, Brunswick« street.-Stock of plumber and gasfittor. Baloo by Auction. THIS DAY. On tho Australian Wharf. 22,000 Best Bangor Slates, 20 x 10. To Slaters, Buildors, Contractors, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday! October 20, at eleven o'clock, 22,000 best Bangor Blatos, 20 x 10 Landed and ready for dolivory. Terms liberal. THIS DAY. On tho Australian Wharf. 80,000 Foot 14 T. and G. Scotch Flooring. Ex State of Malno. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, anti Others. W EASBY »nd Co. will SELL by AUCTION. « on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, October 26, at clot en o'clock. Ex State of Malno, 80,000 foot li T. and G. Scotch flooring. How lauded, and in fino condition, lorms Liberal. THIS DAY. At tho Victoria Rail« ay Station, CollinB-streot. 400 Bags No. 2 Bally Sugar. Moro or Less Damaged by Sea Water. Ex Quocn of India _ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors. W" EASBY »nd Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . at tho Victoria Railway Station, Collins Btrcot west, on Tuesday, October 25, at eloven o'clock, Ex Queon of India, 400 bags No. 2 Bally sugar. Moro or less damaged by seawater, and sold for tho boncfit of whom it may concern. Terms at Solo. THIS DAY. On the Australian Wharf. Tor Positivo Sale. 141,490 Foot T and G. Scotch Floorlng-Board3. 077 Red Doals, 0x8. 333 Do Do Do, 1, 2, and 3 cuts. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and Others. WJEASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday. Octo- ber 25, at eleven o'clock, 89,000 feet 1J T. and G. white Scotch flooring 41,000 do do rsd do do 9,023 do ¿-in. do do do 029 do 3-in. do do do 64 dcalB, 0 x 3, 28 feet lengths 94 do do, 27 do do 60 do do, 24 do do 100 do do, 23 do do 31 do do, 21 do do 14 do do, 20 do do 76 do do, 10 do do 243 do do, 14 do do 107 do do, 15 do do £8 do do, 13 do do 42 do do, 12 do do 333 do do, 1, 2, and 3 cuts. The auctioneers beg to call tho attention of tho li ade to the above unreserved sale. Terms Liboral. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. 40 Tons V. D. L. Flour. 10 Do Adelaide Do. To Bakers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, _ at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on edncsday, October 20, at eleven o'clock, 20 tpns Exeter Mill flour, V. D. L. 20 do Harden do, do 10 do Adelaide do. AU guaranteed parcols. Terms at Sale. TVedne .TVedne WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. , 1,000 Bags Gram, each 1 Cwt. To Cornfaotors, Contractors, and Others. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, _. at then- rooms, 83 Collins-Btrcot west, on "Wet-iesday, Octobor 20, at eleven o'clock, i 1,000 bags gram, catii 1 cwt. Terms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. On the Railway Platform, Flinders street. 00 Chosts Hyson Twankay. \- Ex Copenhagen. Moro or Loss Damaged. " To Grocora, Storekeepers, Chinamen, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s at the Railway Platform, Flinders-street, ..»ii Wednesday, October 20, at elovon o'clock, _ _Ex Copenhagen, 60 ch cats hyson twankay toa, l Moro or less damaged by seawater, And sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. No reservo. _ Terms at Sale , , WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. On the Railway Platform, Flindors-stroet. 20,000 Bluo Bangor Blatos, 24 x 12. 20,000 Do. Do , 20 X 10. Ex Zambesi. To Slaters, Builders, Contractors, and Othors. "¥T_T EASBY and Co. have received instruc . V a tions from Messrs. T S Martin and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, on the Railway Platform, Flin iois street, on Wednosday, Octobor 20, at elovon u'llock, E.\ Zambesi, 20,000 24 x 12 best blue Bangor slates 20,000 20 x 10 do do. Now landed, and ready for dolivory. Terms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. 1,000 Bags Patna Rice. For Positivo Salo. To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Othors. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, , . _ at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on cdncsday, October 20, at eleven o'clock, 1,000 bags fino Patna rico, in 1 cwt bags. To bo sold without reserve, to close an account. Terms Liberal. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. At the Stores of Messrs. R. and P. Turnbull and Co. 1,600 Bushels Very Primo Malt. To Browcrs, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received instruc . tions to SELL by AUCTION, at tho storos <I Messrs. R. and P. Turnbull and Co, Willlom-stroot, cn Thursdaj, October 27, at oloven o clock, 1,600 bushels very superior malt. The above samplo is of very fino quality, and will bo xold on liboral terms. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. At tho Stores of Messrs. R. and P. Turnbull and Co , William-street. 634 Poekots Fino Kent nops. To Merchants, Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received instruc « tions from Messrs. R and P. Turnbull an! Co. to bELL by AUCTION, at tholr storos, William street, on Thursday, Octobor 27, at elovon o'clock, Tho follow Ing choice lot of fino Kent hops :- > M, in diamond, l8 pockets Kent hops, growth 1858 8 do do, do 16 do do, do 44 do do, do. ' M and Co , 27 poekots Kent hops, growth 1858. , D, M A under, in diamond, l8 pockets Kout hops, growth 185S 4 do do, do. ] I O in diamond, 12 pockets Kent hops, growth J858 10 do do, do. ' H. 30 pockets Kent hops, growth 1858 J 20 do Sussex do, do ' 23 do do. _ \ R.B. i l8 poekots SUBBOX hops, growth 1853 27 do Kent, do, 1867 32 do do, do 17 do do, do 35 do do, do ' 20 do do, do 30 do do, do 2fi do Sussox do, do. \- The attention of tho trade is particularlyAu-eoted -o Iho above, as comprising almust the entire stock of. 3868hops in this and tho adjacent colonies, andas 1 «9 hops cannot orri) o in avaimbloemantltles earlier lion Jamiary or February, this will ho tho latest op- portunity for purchasingstock for the present browing teat on. _ _,. , Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. . " At Colo's Bonded Stores, > 260 Boxes Tobacco. ' Moro or Less Damaged. ï To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. TIT EASBY and Co. have received instruction . J ,.? if0T, *î0J?>P°rters to SELL by AUCTION. at Cole's Bonded Stores, on Friday, Octohor 28 e t\ cn o'clock, * Ex--, . ' 260 boxes tobacco. Moro or less damaged, and to bo sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. . _Torms at Salo. MONDAY, OOTOBER81. At the Storoa of Messrs. King Brothera and Co., ~ Collins-strcot. , Extensivo Sale of Furnishing and General Ironmongery, &c.; To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others. "1A7" EASBY and Co. have received instruo ? f . Mons froni Messrs. King Brothers and Co., in consequence of their retiring from tho retail busi- ness, to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir stores, Ool lins-Btroot, on Monday, October 81, at cloven o'clock, _ Tho whole ol thou- valuable stock in tho rotail de- partment, comprising Electro-plated goods Brassfoundcry Builders' ironmongery Cutlory, in varioty Register Btovcs, fenders, and firoirons -- Fireproof safes and deed boxes TrayB, pnpior-machio and japanned goods Lamps, parrafln and oil Furnishing ironmongery Bedsteads, toilot sots, &c.; Revolvers, rifles, pistols, carbines, &c.; AU of tho best moko, and will bo sold Without resorvo. Terms Liberal. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Merchants, Wealthy Tradesmen, and Others. ? Commodious and Elegant Family Rcsldonco for Sale. FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- tions to SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, A most oxcollout dwollinghouso, suitablo for a gentleman of the legal profession, a merchant, or a wealthy shopkeeper. Tho property is situated on tho highest part of St. Kilda, Si miles from tho Molbourno Post-office, nnd within oight mlnutOB' walk of tho St. Kilda Railway _ Terminus. Tho houso Is substantially built of brick, and slated, and contains largo drawingroom, dintngroom, thrco bedrooms, drcsshigroom, spacious hall, and cellar, while the ouiuv..lan.i, comprise bedroom off back - verandah, stororoom, servants' room, kitchon, laun- dry, conchhouso, tv o-stnllcd stablo, shcJ, &c.; Tho water-tank contains 8,000 gallons, and is securelv_ built with brick and cement, with pump conveniently placed. Tho land, in the centro of which tho buildings stand, comprises about 1 nero, is lu a high state of cultivation, and is fully stocked with vegetables, choice fruit-trees in full bearing, flowers, and shrubs. Tho undersigned cordially recommend this highly ollgiblo property to anyone in seal ch of, a comfortable " privato rcsidonco in a most healthy ponltion. Tho prico will be reasonable, as tho ownor is preparing to visit Europe, mid wishes to sell, while tho torms w ill ho such as may be conveniout to the purchaser, only a small amount of cash being required, and half tho purclmso-money can remain at eurront interest for throo or four years. Titlo unoxcoptionablo. Tickots to viow tho property may bo obtcincd from the 13th to tho lOtli instant. THIS DAY. To Capitalists, and Others seeking Permanent Investment. First-Class Property. Near the Contro of Collingwood. Ou which aro in Courso of Erection Six Stono and Brick Cottages. TÎ1RASER and COHEN havo received instruc -J} tious to SELL by AUCTION, at their looms, on Tuesday, October 26, at twel> o o'clock, 'AU that pioco or parcel of land situatoin WostgartU . streot, Fitzroy Ward, Melbourne, being Lots 115, 140, and 140, on tbo plan of subdivision, by th ) i said Richard Henry Way, of Suburban Portion No. 84, situnto in tho city of Melboumo, parish of \- Jika Jika, county of Bourko, mid colony of Vic- toria, and bounded and containing tho dlmen ' sionB as follows, viz.:-Commencing at a point on tho northern side Uno of Wcstgarthstrcet, dis- tant 204 feet east fioni the western boundary line of tho »aid Portion 84, and thonco bounded on the south by Wostgarth-strcot, bearing cast 0U feet ; on the oast by Lot 160 on the said plan, ) bearing north 88 feet ; on the north by a i esorvod right-of-way (12 foot wido) bearing west 00 feot ; ' and on the west by Lot 142 on tho said plan, ' bearing south 68 feet, to the commenelng-point, ho the said several dimensions respectively a littlo moro or less, and on which aro now in courso of .. erection six stono and brick cottages, containing cadi three rooms. Tho cottages aro now ready to receive tho roofs. Capitalists and other persons intonding purchasers aro requested to inspect, prior to the day ol salo, this really flrst-class property. It is situato in a vory populous neighbourhood, and its short distance from tho centro of Collingwood must of necessity command a good rental. ¡For particulars as to titlo, &c;, inquire of Mr. Bard- well, solicitor, Staffonl-cliamhors, Elizabotli-strcot. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. f FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. To tho Boot and ShooTrado. 78 Trunks of Superior Boots and Shoes. "CTRASER and COHEN will SELL by ATJC JP TION, at the Mart, on Friday, October 28, at eleven o'clock, 100 trunks of boots and shoes, consisting or- ladlos' coloured cashmere clastic-side boots ' Do do lace do Do black do, clastic-side do Do do laco do -Children's coloured balmorala Do morocco do Ladles' elastic-front shoes Gentlemen's calf wellingtons Do do short do Do elastic-side patent boots "" Men's bluchers Youths' do ' Gcntlemon's riding boots _.Military bluchers , Oxonians Enamelled adolaido boots i Women's cloth do -Do kid patent front do. , Terms-Under £100, cash; abovo thateum, approved acceptances at three months'._ ,,- jp THIS DAY. wimmera-placo, off Aclanei-strcot, near tho English -; , Church, St. Kilda. To Parties on the Look-out for really Good Furnlturo, \-- Furnlturo Dealers, and Others. n " First-class HousoholJ Furnlturo. EAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received instructions from tho proprietor to SI2LL by TON, at his late rcsidonco, Wimmera plnco, out of Acktnd-placo, St. Kilda, on Tuesday, October 25, at eleven o'clock, ' Tho whole of his flrst-class household furniture, ctnrprlsing- ? ,~TDrav, «groom handsome gilt pier-glass; snperb rosewood drawingroom suite, hy Gillow, _ consisting of-splcnditl rosowood oo'ttngo piano, Off-ocUncs ; handsome rosowood loo, card, and occasional tables ; Chiffonniere, plate glass back and marble slab ; 0 chairs, in blue silk- striped tabarct ; 1 couch, 1 oasy-chair, \- olegant tapestry carpet and hcnithriig, chimnoy ornaments, 1 olaborato 80-day inlaid ormolu clock, lustres, vases, ¿te. Diningroom. " 1 mahogany sofa, covered in morocco ; 1 oaBy-ehair, and 0 diningroom chairs to match, handsomo mahogany sideboard, chiffonnières, mahûgnny _' telescope tablo, handsomo engravings, carpet and hearthrug, fondorB and flro-lrons, ¿te. Plato and Plated Wore, by Elkington. , Handsome plated soup-tureen, liqueur and plcklo frames, plated table and chamber candlesticks, decanters, glassware, &c.; i Bedrooms. ' Handsome mahogany wardrobo, chestsof drawers, " toilet-glasses, marble Blab washstand and ser- vice, tollot-tablo, iron bedsteads, hair mat- tresses, feather beds, chairs, &c.; Also, i 1 capital four-wheeled phaeton, in good order 1 patent ice-chest. Tho furniture is all in good order, and will bo on view the day beforo and morning of salo. Catalogues at the rooniB of tho auctioneers, Quoon Etrect, Melbourne. I " Tho Wholo to bo Sold Without Rosorvo. ' WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. '' 30 Packages of Glasswaro, Comprising Tumblers, Wines, Decanters, Butter Basins, Jolly Glasses, Graduated Measures, Phials, Se. > To China and Glass Warehousemen, Storekeepers, Dealers and Others. TJEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by Jj AUCTION, at their rooms. Queen-street, on Wednesday, Octobor 20, at cloven o clock, 80 packages of glassware Globe wines, cut flutes Victoria do Albert and tulip do Green hock glasses Gothic and other tumblers PUlar and dlamrnd decanters Butter basins, covers, aud plates . French and oblong salts Jelly glasses, six flutes t ? Custards, handled Lcmonauo cans j Moulded phials , Graduated medicino measures. AVlthout Besorve. THIS DAY. Household Furniture. i TVT KINSMAN will SELL by AUCTION, on l\ . tho promises, Lonsdolo streot, opposite the Eotpltal, on Tuesday, October 25,1 A small quantity orhousehold furnlturo. < Sale at two o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and land »KPnt, 8 Moor-stroot, Collingwood._ "" THIS DAY. i Building AUotmonts, Gipps-street, off Hoddle-street. TVT KINSMAN has received instructions to l\ « SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, Gipps-street, Richmond, on Tuesday, October 25, at trrelvo o'clock, AU that building allotment having a frontage of 68 feet to Gipps-street, by 132 feet deep, situate at the rear of tho Kingston Hotel. Terms-11 alf cash ; threo and six months. -" I THIS DAY. Wines, Spirits, Stout and Grocorlos. S GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho MetropoUtan Auction Mart, 10 Lollins-Btreot east, on Tuesday, Ootober 26, at olevou Brandy, ale, portor, whisky, old tom, provisions, Handsomo panelled counter. Without Bosom». # Collins o'clock, THIS DAY. To Householders, Dealers and Othors. JBJ?LI,IN ana Deen instructed by Mr. . Thomas Poorco to SELL by AUCTION, on tho premises, Cambridgo-streot, two doors north of _ ool etroot, on Tuesday, October 25, at twoo'olook, The wholo ofhls stock of goods, consisting of Seven Bhop fronts, glassware, pictures, clocks. bedding, bedsteads, 100 pillows, cosy-chair Sydney stovo, colonial sofa and squab, American axe-handles, &o.; 10 cwt. galvanised iron, short lengths ; anglo straight iron, scrap iron and bolts, and car- penters* tools Lot men's whlto shirts, clothing, &c.; And A lot of miscellaneous goods. No reserve. J. Bellin, auctioneer and monoy broker, Fltzroj Auction Mart, CO Gortrudo- streot, Collingwood. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 1. Salo of Valuable Property in Smith-street, Collingwood. T BELLIN has received instructions to SELL «J » by AUCTION, on tho ground, on Tuesday, Sovembor 1, at two o'clock, That valuablo property adjoining Mr. Wood's tlmbor ynrd, Snilth-stroet. Particulars in futuro ad\ ortisomonts, J. Bollln, nuctionoor and monoy broker, Fitzroy Auction Mart, CO Gortrudo- streot. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Unreserved Sale of Household Furnituro. To Housoholdors, Pnrtles Furnishing, and Othor?. A quantity of household furnituro, &c;, roinovod for convenience of salo, consisting of 0 hair-scatcd chahs, meat-safes, table-eovors, loo table, dining and kitchen tables, chimnoy looking-glass, sofa, dlning-tablo oxtondlng 11 foot, booli-shelves, hair inattrcs30s, bedsteads, mattresses, feather beds, bedding, blankets, washstands and sorviccs, easy-chair, rocking chatr, carpet, kitchen utensils, rocklng-horso, refrigerator, i.e. No resorvo. J. Bollin, auctioneer and monoy brokor, Fitzroy Auotion Mart, 00 Gertrude streot, Collingwood. ( THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. At Two o'clock. Valuablo Freehold Pronoity, Bituato at tho Cornor of Wellington and Northumberland stroots, East Col- lingwood, and opposite Hancock's Family Hotol. Brick-built Shop, Storo, Dwellinghouso, and three Brick Cottages, in AVellington-streot. Two Woodon Houses in Northumborland-stroot, with extensivo Yard, Stabling, &o.; To Capitalists, Trndosmon, Livery-stable Keepers, and Others in search of Dcsirablo Promises or First-class Investments. J BELLIN has received instructions from tho a propriitor to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Thursday, Octobor 27, at two o'clock, Tho following valuablo properties : Lot 1 ! is a cornorlot, havlnga frontage of 40 feot to Wei llngton-stroot, by a depth of 104 foot along Northumbcrland-strcot. ' Tho buildings eonsht of that capital shop, storo, and dwelling lately occupied by Mr. Berry, grocer with throo brick dwellings attached, in Wolllngton _trect. Lot 2 has a frontago of 40 foot to Northumberland street, by a dopth of 181 feet, having crcctod thereon two weatherboard cottages, stabling, &e.; This dcsirablo property « ill BO found dosorvlng tho attention of nil parties. The buildings aro croctcd in tho most substantial manner, tho situation for busi- ness flrBt-rate, and there is sufficient land for the erection of a large manufactory. Title unexceptionable. Terms at sale. J. Bellin, auctioneer, monoy brokor. Fitzroy Auction Mart, 00 Gortrudo-streot, Collingwood. MONDAY, OCTOBER 31. Unreserved Salo of Freehold Property In Cremorne-streot, Richmond. T BELLIN lias received instructions from .J « Mr. G. Hawkins to SELL by AUOTION, on the ground, without reserve, on Monday next. Octobor 81t His freehold property in Cromorno-strcot, Rich- mond. . Particulars in futuro advertisements. 3\. Bellin, auctioneer and money broker. Fitzroy »Auction Mart, 00 Gortrudo- streot, Collingwood. THIS DAY. 567 Rnisod-Panol Doors. 180 Moulded Do. 160 Pairs Sashes. ~~ To tho Timbor Trade, Contractors, Buildors, and Others. OS. BOSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a on Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, Octobor 26, at oloven o'clock, 557 ralscd-panel doors, 2 feet 0x0 feet 0 Inches, to 2 fcot 8x0 feet 8 incites 130 moulded doors, 2 feet 0 x 0 feet 0, to 2 feot 8 x 0 feet 8 lnchos 03 sash doors, various sizes 160 pairs window-sashes, 8 x 10,13-Inch. Tlio above aro lauded, ready for delivery, in Ano order and condition. Terms Liboral. THIS DAY. Mo srs. Wilkinson Brothers and Co.'s Regular Salo. 05,740 Foot 1-inch White Pino Sholvlng. 48,070 Do Do Pitch Pino Flooring. 80,787 Do lj-inch To Do. 100,878 Do 1-inch Whlto Pmo Flooring. 125,040 Do Do Spruco Flooring. 78,787 Do 11-inch Do Do. 183,508 Do Clear Whlto Pine, 1} to 2 inches. 1,027 Pitch Pino Deals, 3 x 0 and 3 x 11. 24,000 Sawn Laths, 4 feet 0 inches. To tho Tlmbor Trado, Contractors, Builders, and \- Others. OS. BOSS and Co. lmvo been favoured with c instructions from Messrs. Wilkinson Brothers nud Co. to hold thoir next regular SALE by AUC- TION, on Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, Ootober 25, at elovon o'clock, 06,740 feet 1-lnch whito pine shelving, 12 to 20 inches v, ide, planed both sides and edges 48,070 do do pitch pine flooring, tonguod and grooved, planed ono sido 80,787 do lj-inch pitch pino flooring, do do , 100,878 do 1-Inch whlto pino flooring, do do 125,040 do, 0 x 1 inch Scotch spruce flooring, do do 78,787 do, 0 x l-l inch do, do 20,784 do i-lnch whito pine, clear, planed ono sido 48,445 do 1-inch do, do 24,736 do lMnch do, do 38,744 do 1 finch do, do ' 40,880 do 2-inch do, do 677 pitch pine deals; 14 to 50 feet, 0x8 ' 460 dodo, li to 60 do, 11 x3 24,000 sawn laths, 4 feet 0 InchcB. ? The abovo Is all landed, ready for dolivcry, and Is in fli.o ordor and condition, Terms Liberal, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. GEORGE THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Wednes- day, October 20, at oloven o'clock, Hardwood, ox Success, viz.,-" 8,100 ft., 3x2, longthB from 7 to 22 ft. _ 1,000 ft., 4 x 2, do 7 to 20 ft. 600 ft., 6 x 2, do 8 to 20 ft. 1,000 ft , 0 x 2, do 7 to 24 ft. 4,400 ft., 4 X 8, do 7 to 20 it. > 2,000 ft., 8 x 3 and 6 x 3, do 8 to 20 ft. 5,200 ft., 0 X 3, do 7 to 24 ft. 1,160 ft., 0 x4, 6 x 6, and 0 x 5, do 0 to 18ft. 1,050 ft., 0 x 0, do 8 to l8 ft. ; 1,100 ft., 8 x 0, 8 x 5, 7 x 6,7 x 2, 8 x 2, and Ox?, '' dol0to20ft. 6,200 ft., 12 x 8, do 10 to 24 ft. > Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. GEORGE THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on tho Australian Wharf, on Wednes- day, October 20, at oloven o'clock, Hardwood, ex Annie, About 84,000 ft., sizes from 3 x 2 to 0 x 4. Detailed specification in subsequent qdvertiijomont. WEDNESDAY, OOTOBER 20. GEORGE THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, at the Railway Station, Flindors strcot, on Wednesday, Octobor 20, at oloven o'clock, Ex Zambesi, \- 01 deals, 11 x 8,21 foots ,150 do, do, 20 do -* 43 do, d3,13, l8,10, and 22 do. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Salo. ' FRIDAY, OOTOBER 28. Sheriff's Salo of tho Borquo MIDAS. To Pay Wafees. /~i BORGE THOMAS and Co. have received VT instructions, by order of tho Inspoctor of folleo, Williamstown, to SELL by AUCTION, the British barquo Midas, of 074 tonsregistor.bulldor's measurement, and 602 40-100 tonB now measurement, on board said ship, now lying in Hobson's Bay, on Friday, Octobor 28, at twolvo o'clock, Has been restored to the first lottor until April, 1800. Dimensions as follows : Longtn, 128 7-10 feot. Broadth of boam, 80 feet. Dopth of hold, 20 5-10 feet. Built in Charlotte Town, Prince Edward's Island, in 1847. Is thoroughly copper fastened throughout, sheuthed with Muntz motal up to 10 feet mirk. Has been thoroughly caulked from coppor up since hine in Hobson's Bay. Is weil found In sails, having tie ally a double suit. Had all new masts thrco years seo. Her rigging is in perfect ordor. Has 160 tonB c1 ttono ballast on board ; is perfectly tight. Hor cabin neatly furnished with separato stato-rooms for n asters anel officers, 7 feet height between decks. In feet, tlio ship requires scarcely any outlay, oxcopt piovlslons, to send hor to sea. Intending purchasers aro invited to inspoct the ship nrcv iously to salo. luv cutory (which is very full) to b3 teen at tho auctioneers' office, 104 Collins-street west. Terms-Ci-h on tho Fall of tho Hammer. ' _ THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8. Growing Crops, Tarni Stock, and Implements. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL and Co, lmvo received instructions from Mr. Thomas Millor, on account of the expiration of his lease, to, SELL, bv PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho farm of Ringwood, on tho Saltwater River, on Thursday, November 3, at clcv cn o'clock, , 00 acres of Tartarian oats 12 horses, among which aro some really first-class heavy draught stock. Also, A one-year-old filly,by Dick's Black Champion; and ono throo year-old. A lot'of milch cowB, thoroughly brokon in, with a small number of young heifers. , Together with Carts. ploughB, harrows, rollers, &c.; , | | 'r ° a'crms at Sale. j NOTICE. THE undersigned wishes to DISPOSE OP tho GOODWILL of his BUSINESS, including the leasehold (about l8 jears to run) ofthat mostdeslrably tltuated AUCTION MART, Collins-street west. For further particulars apply to W. M. TENNENT ; orto JOHN MACKENZIE, Esq., Quoon-streot. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. At Elmon o'clock. * ' ^ At the Victorian Railway Shed, Sponoor-strcot. Damaged Portion of tho Cargo ox Queen of India, from Calcutta. 2,003 Bags Patna Rice, cooli 1 Cwt. 089 Do Gram, Do. 212 Do Do, Do. l8 Bales Gunny Bags. TTtT M. TENNENT and Co. have received YV . instructions from tho importers, Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., to SELL by AUOITON, at tho Victorian Railway #hcd, on Wednesday, Octobor 20, at oloven o'clock, Tho damaged portion of tho cargo ex Queen of India, from Calcutta, consisting of 2,003 bags, moro or loss, Patna rice, each 1 cwt. FN, in square, 080 bogs Patna gram, each 1 cwt. MS, in diamond, 212 bags Patna gram, each 1 cwt. IS bales gunny bags. All moro or less damaged by sea wator, TormB at salo. Obsorvei-At tho Victorian Railway Shod, Sponcer Btrcot, Wednesday, October 20, at oloven o'clock. NOTICE. To Warohousomen. WADE and GOWAN call tho attention of warehousemen and othors to their SALE THIS DAY, commencing at devon o'clock, With Entiro packages of muslin goods. THIS DAY. To Wholesale Warehousemen, Shippors to tho Neigh- bouring Colonies, Country Storekeepers, Drapers, and Others. J WADE, of Wndo and Gowan, has re » eolved instructions from tho importors to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tboir mart, Collins-stroot east, on Tuesday, October 25. Ex Sardinian, ' 23 cases muslin robes and prints, direct from tho manuractuiors, M in triangle, F at sido, 1-8-8 cases maddor printed organdies 0-16-7 do thioo-ilounccd do 10,17-2 do two-fiounccd do 18-22-6 do Uno du do 24-20-0 do light good maddor cambtlo prints. N.B. Tho abovo will bo offered by tho original package', sharp oloven o'clock. Also, S A in diamond, 610-1 case 24d. and SOd. rich fancy bonnot ribbons S A in diamond, Sec. 4-1 caso silk parasols, plain, fanoy, and watered W&F;, 6 cases printed China bands, corahs, pongees, and twills W. II. and Co., 9 cases Uno electoral flannels. D in diamond, 0 0-0 cartoons sowed muslin goods, habltshirts, ? sleeves, collars, and Bets, edgings, insertions, and fiouncings 7, 8-2 coses ladies' and children's underclothing. M in diamond, F, 1 caso ladies' French coutlllo stays Sec. 20-1 caso Norwich crorsovers 21, 22-2 cases flounced mohair robes 23, 24-2 do crimson silk sashes 26-1 case summer cloth uiautlos 6-1 do crinolino hats and bonnets 7-1 do French millinery bonnots. S in diamond, Sec. 1-3-8 coses fanoy tweed and doo trousers 4-0-3 do block and tweed sacs 7-1 case bedford cords - 0-1 do printed oil baba 1 ' 10,11-2 cases twcod and summer doo vests. " Terms-Under £60, cash ; abovo that, 25 per cent, cash, remainder approved accoptanco three months', ei'dorscd if required. THIS DAY. For the Bonoflt of Whom it May Concorn. 1 Duck Trousers. J WADE, of Wade nnd Gowan, will SELL . by PUBLIC AUCTION, at thoir mart, 80 CollinB-streot east, on Tuesday, October 25, at oloyon o'clock, 1 caso, 120 pairs, duck trousers. Moro or less damaged by sea water. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. Cabbagetree and Panama Hats. 1 To Warehousemen, Drapors, and Othors. T WADE, of Wado and Gowan, has boon ?J« instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, Octobor 25, at cloven o'clo k, 2 cases (ino cabbagetree hats 6 BoroiiB Panama do. Tho abovo aro In excellent condition, and will ho sold without reserve Torms at Salo. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. 60 of the Finest Horses Ever in this Market. In a Few Days. No Reserve. DOUGHARTY and Co. have received instruc- tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards, corner of Queen and Bourke streets, 50 splcndid harness and saddle horses and un- broken thoroughbreds, from the stud of the late D. B. Jones, Esq., of Bonegilla, These horses will be found to be all that they are represented. THIS DAY. Unbrokon Colts and Fillies. "TvOUGHARTY nnd Co. havo received in \J structionB from Messrs. M'llamo to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards (lato Bear's Hnrso Mitrkot), corner of Queen and Bourko streets, on Tuesday, Octohor 25, at twolvo o'clock, 20 colts and fillies, unbroken, in flrst-rato eondi .i tion, got by Warlock and Garryowen, bolng tho socond draft from tho stud of Messrs. M'Haffio, in splendid condition, and Without Reserve WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. To Partios In want of a First-Class Hack. DOUGHARTY and Co. will SELL hy AUC- TION, at their yards (lato Bear's Horso Market), corner of Queen and Bourko streets, on Wednesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, 30 fino colts and fillies, got by tho imported Clovo. land horso Beverley, from tho stud of Moäsrs. Hobden and Throsby. Amongst tho lot aro ' somo raro cobs for saddlo and harness. No Reservo. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Broken Horses. T\OUGHARTY and Co. will SELL by JJ AUCTION, at their yards, (lato Boar's Horso fiarkot), cornor of Qucon and Bourko streets, on Wednesday, Octobor 20, at twelve o'clock, 10 flrst-rato saddlo and harness horses, in splondid order, and thoroughly broken to saddle and harness. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. 60 Pockets Kent Hops. Black Horso Brand. Growth 1858. To Browers, Storekeepers, and Others. CJYMONS and PERRY aro instructed by tho O importers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir room", Collins-street, on Wcdneiday, October 20, at twolve o'clock, 60 pocketB Kent hops, Black Horso brand, growth 1858. '_Terms at Salo._ WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. 1,000 Bags Fino Patna Rico. . To Merchants, Storekeeper, and Othors. SYMONS and PERRY aro instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, October 20, at twelve o'clock, 1,000 bags fino Patna rico, in 1-cwt. bags. Terms at Salo. WEDNESDAYTÖÖTOBER 20. * 1,000 Bags Gram. To Comfactors, Storokoopers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY havo received instruc- tions from thoimpoiters to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir looms, Collins-stroot, on Wodncsday, Oc- tober 20, at twolvo o'clock, 1,000 bags gram. Terms at Salo. T< WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. ' 5 Bales Paper, Moro or Less Damaged. For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concorn. §YMONS nnd PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir rooms, Colhns-strcot, on Wodnos , October 20, at twolvo o'clock, ?' Ex William Kidston, \- 6 bales paper, Moro or Loss Damaged. For the boncfit of whom it may concorn. Terms at Salo._ ! WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Important Salo or Valuablo Freehold Properties, Near tho Bishop's Palace To PcrsonB requiring a Site for the oroction of a Gcntoel-ReBidonco, in a Healthy and Improving Locality. SYMONS and PERRY have been favoured with Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir looms, Collins-stroot, on Wednesday, October 20, at twolvo o'clock, Lot 1, AU that pieco or parcel of land having» frontago 88 foot to Clarendon-stroot, by a depth of 182 foot along Gipps-strtot, bohig a valuablo cornor allot- ment Lot 2 AU that pieco or parcel or land having a frontage of 00 feet to Clarendon-stroot, by a depth of 182 feet, and adjoining Lot 1. Lot 3, AU that pieco or parcel of land, hiving a froBtago cf 00 foot to Gipps-street, by a dopth of 182 foot, and adjoining Lots 1 and 2. \-- Titlo unoxcoptionablo. Tho valuablo proporty described abovo « otuato near tho late resldcnco of Sir William A'Bockott, and in dose proximity to tho Fitzroy-squaro, ond in tho midst of respoctablo villas, thus rendering it a most desirable locality for any person wishing to bo within caty distance of tho city. Lot 1 U a splendid corner allotment, facing tho Bishop's Palace and grounds on tho ono side, and overlooking tho Fitzroy-squaro on tho other, being tho most elevated and delightful situation in this locality; and as the three lots join caeh other, they offer o splendid rito for the erection of a gentleman's residence. , Te-ms, very Liberal, Declared at Salo. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. Extensivo Clearing-out Salo of Ironmongery. Splendid Eloctro-plated Ware. Without any Réserve. To Ironmongers, Silversmiths, Parties Furalshin" and tho Trado Gonerally of Molbourno, Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, i.e. §ÏMONS and PERRY have received instruc- tions from Messrs Miles and Co. to SELL bv OTION, at tholr storo, riinders- lano, on Thursday October 27, at eleven o'clock, Tho following valuable assortment of ironmongery and finest clcctro-platcd waro, comprising Plated Waro. Best electro-plated (on German silver) fruit stands I Bo do toast-racks Do do claret-jugs Bo do flower-stands Bo do cups, gilt Dodo coffee sets Do do mustard and salts Do do cruet frames, in great varioty, and very chaste Do do soup tureens Dodo, with lining Do do ice-howls Do do fruit-baskets Do do sugar baskets Do do napkin rings, &o;, The abovo, for tho convonlonoo of prlvato partios, will be sold punctually at half-past tu oh o o'clock. BRUSHWARE. i , 6 cases brushw oro, containing scrubbing-brushes," broonihoads, plain, fancy, and roach shoe brushes, flbro, paint, winged and halrdcck scrub-heads. IRONMONGERY. J and 6-10 inch rod lion 82 bundles No. 6 wiro Chlsols Gouges Beechwood shaves Do. turning-saws and framos Btaces and bits Punches and awls GuBt's oak tool-chests Well-wheels, hooks, framos, and spindlos Walkor's bor«o-nalls I Wheeler's adzes ~ Teapots and coifco-pots Furnace boilers Pulley blocks Maul-rings Bottling w Ire Amot's ventilators American hatchets Plato warmers Coal vases Umbrella stands Candlesticks Hammer heads Bullock chains Spirit and oil pumps Slipper and shower baths Knife trays Japanned ewers, basins, and palls Dog collars Trj hig, jack, and smoothing pianos Sash tools Plasterers' do Paint brushes. The attention of the trade is particularly called to tho abovo sale. The terms will be very liboral, and No reservo. _ Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, OOTOBER 27. " To Persons Furnishing, Dcalors, and Othors. I urnituro, Horses, Carriage, Dogcarts, io. At tho Rosldonco of Patrick Macarthur, Esq , J.P. About 200 yards from tho Peacock Inn, Northcote ¡SYMONS and PURRY have received instruo O tiens from Patrick Macarthur, Esq , J.P., to IELL by AUCTION, at his residenco. Northcote, on Thursday, October 27, at twolvo o'clock, The whole of his household furnituro, &o.;, compris- ing Mahogany dining table Dlnlngroom chairs Loo tablo , Sofa Drawingroom chairs , Washstauda and service Beds and bedding Carpets Fondera and flrolrons Kitchen utensils, A.c. 2 draught UorsoB i 2 gig and saddle heises , 1 Buporior milch cow 4-whccl phaeton with canopy , ' 1 dogcart, by Croal, Edinburgh 1 do, do 1 family cor. . Also 2 stacks primo oaten hay, about SO tons. Terms-Cash. rRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. ~ To Mining Companlos, Contractors, Builders, and Others. Extensivo Salo of ' Steam-Enginos, Galvanised Iron, Builders' Iron- mongery, Rain-wator Pipes, Rope, Sash Weights, &c.; At tho Stores of Mosars. Flower, M'Donold, and Co. SYMONS and PERRY have received instrucr tions from Mossrs Flowor, M'Donald, and CO., io SELL by AUCTION, at their stores, Willlani ttrcot, on Friday, October 28, at twolvo o'clock, 140-horso power hlgh-prossuro horizontal steam engine ; cylinder. 201 dlamotor, by 8 feot 11J inches long ; »trofeo, 2 foot 8 inches; fly-whool, ' 0 foot diamotor ; bed-plato, 17 foot 0x4 feet 3 inches wide ; Cornish boiler, 20 feet x 6}. Ex Low Chow. 1 35-horso power horizontal condensing stoam* onglno, on cast-lion girders, link motion for ~ reversing, 0J wrought-iion crank shaft, fly \- wheel in two parts, Cornish botlor, 22 feet 1 " inch, 6 foot 1 inch diameter. 1 20-horso power horizontal condensing stcam " engine, 10 feet fly-whcol in two parts, vail ablo expansion gear ; Cornish boiler, 17 feot 2_ Inches x 4 foot 0 inches diameter. 1 sovon-horso power patent prize portable stoam engino, fitted with cylinder iusido stcain chambor, and govornors ; extra largo boilor for burning wood, complete with cover 1 fivo-horso po« cr patont prizo portablo stoam-, onglno, fitted with cj linders insldo tho çtcainf chamber, and governors ; nlso with extra. ; largo boiler for burning wood 1 oight-liorao power high prcssurehorizontal stoam onglno; cylinder7 Inches diamotor; length of stroke, 10 Inches ; fly-wheel, 01 feot diamotor and 8 inches fuco ; with upright boiler, 32 > inches diameter, 0 feet high, and 42 2-inch tubes. Ex Mornington, , 20 tons galvanised iron corrugated, 0,7, and 8fe*t long, 24, 2fl, and 28 gauges 10 cases galvanised Iron tiles, 0 by 2, by 20 gauge; punched and edged 20 do do, 8 by 2, by 21 do. Ex Clutha. 832 0-f jet lengths rain wator pipes, from 2 Inch ta 4}inch 650 half-round runs, 0 foot long, from 3J to 4} inch ' 200 ogco runs, 0 feet long, 6 inch, without sockets 00 rain water heads, 2 lo 4 Inch 00 rain wator shoes, oil painted, 2 to 4 lucl^ 63 angles, in bundles, assorted 15 drops, indo, do 1 cask, containing IB hîlf-round drops, 31 by 4 inch ; 84 ogco plain clips, fi inch, to 80 licki head do, 5 inch \ 1 box, do 70 ogco do do, 5 inch ; 8 do external angles, 5 inch 1 do, do 04 do plain clips, 5 inch ; 4 do internal angles, 5 inch ; 8 do drops, 5 inch. Ex Jano D. Cooper. 7 colls ropo, 5J to 8 inch. Also, 2 Kitchon's roapors 1 Smith's wlnnowtng-machino 1 colonial do do , 1 checso-press 2 Hornsby's winnowers, with spiko rollors 7 do do, shaking cradles 5 do blowers \- 6 Gray's wlnnowlng-machlnos 10 zinc-hauled pumps 2 portablo forgo-bollows 1 Hornsby's fivo-horso throshing-mochino 1 do four do do 1 do portablo stoam engine, fivo-horso 1 do do, sov on do 1 do do, nino do 2 largo tripod iron windlass 6 Mlmor's liold-fast and fire-resisting safes 0 wrought-lron ox-hurdles 1 rovolvlng guaul screon 2 iron scrow-Jael s, &c; And An invoice Of doors and sashes An invoico of platform scales. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Salo. THIS DAY. At Twolvo o'clock. At Lloyd's Rooms, ColUns-strcot West. Wreck of tho Pilot Schooner ANONYMA. Tor tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. TT A. COFFEY is favoured with instructions TI» to SELL hy AUCI'ION, at Lloyd's Rooms, t'oilfns-Btreot west, on Tuesday, October 25, at twelve o'clock, Tho hull of the pilot schooner ANONYMA, As silo now Iles stranded on tho beach, about ono milo to tho westward of Point Lonsdalo. The Anonyma la coppor-fastoned, partially sheathed with Muntz's metal, and had a thorough ropalr about 12 months ago. Terms-cash. \- _Without Reserve_ WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. At Twolvo o'clock, At Lloyd's Rooms, Colllns-stroot wost. To Capitalists, Farmers, and Othors, -An tho Inhabitants Generally of the County of Mornington. By Ordor of tho Mortgagee. TT A. COFFEY will offer for SALE by AUC XX, TION, at Llojd's Rooms, Colllns- stroot west, onWodncsday, Octobor 20, at twolvo o'clock, All that picco or parcel of land, in tho colony of \- Victoria, containing by admeasurement 115 Acros, bo tho samo moro or less, situated In the County of Mornington, Parish of Waunacuo, Portion 10, Bounded on tho north by a Uno bearing north Ot elegs. 80 mins. oast, 20Umina 40 links; on tho east 84 dogs. 30 rains, south, 04 chains 50 links ; on tho south by a road 1 chain wide, bearing south 84 degs. 80 mins. west, l8 chains OU inks ; and on tho west by Portion 16, bailing; west 84 dees. 30 mins. north, 67 chalnB 20 links. For particulars apply to Messrs. Hancock and Duflct, solicitors, Qncon-street ; or to tho auctlonoor, ] li ) d'B Rooms, ColiliiB-strcot vreat._ ' WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Wool'Silo. At Clough's Wool WarchoilBcs, ColllnB-stroot west. JG. DOUGHARTY will SELL, at our wool a warehouses, Collins street west, on Wednesday, .jclubcr 26, at threo o'clock In the afternoon, Wool Tallow Sheepskins. ^ _______ ^ ^ THIS DAY. Very Suporlor Elegant Household Furnlturo and Effects. To bo Bold in Gonscquonco of Removal of tho Proprietor. On tho Premises, No. 2 Bj dnoy-terrnco, Wellington parade, Opposito tho Police Barracks. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION, on tho premises, No. 2 Sydnoy-torraco, ngton-parado, opposito tho Polico Barracks, on Tuesday, October 25, at twolvo o'clock precisely, \- A vory handsomo suite of drawingroom furnlturo, in rosowood, covorod with greon velvet, com- prising couch, two cosy-chairs, six chairs Walnutwood occasional, rosowood work an ii papier macho tables, rosowood whatnot. Sploudid pier glass Plated tea and coffeo scrvico Vory handsomo French, Bohomian and Chinóse vases OH paintings by Aeliard and Anostasi, and wator colour landscapes Library . Timepiece, carpot, rug, ¿so. < Bedroom Furnlturo. Mahogany Arabian bedBtead, hair mattross, iron bedsteads, mattresses, pillows, palliasse, ¿to. Donblo mahogany washstand, marble top and fittings perfect. Mahogany wardrobo Chest of drawers Tollot-glasscs Carpots Bedroom carpets, chairs, ka. Salo at Twclvo o'clock Precisely. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Anothor Capital Chance for tho Emerald Hill Pooplo. To Purchase under Liberal Torms A most Eligiblo Pieco of Building Land, near tho Ballway Station, Tobo Sold in Ono Lot, or subdivided into 2 Allotments each having 33 foot Frontago to Montaguo-streot, near Evlllo-streot, Emorald Hill. Titlo, Crown Grant. Note-Tile approaches to this property from tho metropolis. Sandridge, and St. Kilda, aro admirably fclieitous, and most convenient for city merchants and persons hi public ofllccs, and it is to thom especially that MR. STUBBS announces instructions to SELL, on tho ground, as abovo, on Wednes- day, Octobor £0, at twolvo o'clock, Without rcsorvo, All that pioco or parcel of land having 00 foot front ago to Montague street, by 00 feet in dopth, ad- joining tho premisos of Air Glovor, at a nlco elevation abovo tho lovel of tho streot, and only a few yards from Evillo-streot, To gontlcmon who havo boon accustomod to o park residence in a healthy situation, and whero tbo neigh- bourhood Is unobtruded upon, this is tho placo of all others for thom. Perhaps thoro is not a inoró otivi nblospot on tho Hill. A visit to it boforo tlib solo w ould repay the trouble Terms-26 poi- cont. cash deposit, and tho residuo at thrco and six months'. Salo positively without reservo. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23. Tho Crown of St. Kilda. Adjoining that Valuablo Corner Whoro tho Old Shcomakcr's Shop Stands. Groy and Ncptuno Streets. Opposito Guruor-streot, St. Kilda. R. STUBBS is instructed by tho agent of tho propiiotor to SELL by PUBL10 AUO -*w,', at tho Auction Rooms, Qucon- strect, on Fri- day, Octobor 28, at twolvo o'clock precisely, ' Tho abovo valuablo building ground, in throe allot- ments, each with 30 feet frontoge to Noptuno , streot, by 82 feet in depth, than which disposition nothing can bo moro goncrally approved of by all classes of buy ors. Note-Seo plans at tho rooms. Terms liberal. _Titlo Guaranteed._ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. Unreserved and Positivo Salo to tho Highest Bidder, In Accordance with Instructions from tho Proprietor, Of that Capital City Freehold Property, Houso No. 188 La Trobo-stroot oast, Producing a Safo Rental of £210s. per week, £130 per annum. Salo Under Llboral Terms. Titlo, Flrst-rato. R. STUBBS is instructed by tho propriotor _ to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho mart, »1 Qucon-stroot, on Friday, Ootobsr 28, at twclvo o'clock ,i precisely, !] All tho valuablo brick-built houso and premisos, ,' No. 188 La Trobc-strcot cast, containing parlour, slttingroom, two bedrooms, kitchen, and sor vonts'-room, tho wholo boing orocted ou a (Ino frontago of 23 foot 0 inches to La Trobc-strcot, by GO foot In ,1 dopth, ' ond situated immediately opposito to tho squaro reserved for tho Philosophical Institute Tho wholo In complote repair, willi slato roof and li verandah, and in tho very centre of the city. Pian may bo seen at tho mart, 81 Queen-stroot. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. Now Zealand. A Fino Opportunity for a Practical Farmer, In tho Provinco of Otago. Where tho Applications for tho Purchase of Lands aro Becoming Larger Every Day. 'R. STUBBS is instructed by the pro _. _ prietor (who is hore Just now, and prepared to ¡jîvotho titlo) to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, at the rooms, Queen-stroot, on Friday, Octobor 28, at ¡ -twclvo o'clock precisely, No. 211, Seo. 12, Block IV., consisting of 124 acros, as recorded in tho Land Olllco, -Duuodln, \- Otago. Also, to go with it, ' \- 1 quarter-aero, town soctien, Sec. 10, Block 8, < Invercargill. \ Otago Is sitiiato in Forcaux Straits, and tho estate ¡ is bounded by tho Walpahi Uiver 3 miles only from tho town. Mr. Whito cultivates opposito. Half of (t, io studded with the finest tltnhor, and tho other inoiety ready for tho plough, , Tho plan is to bo soon at tho office, and which is -»colly worth looking at. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3. Independent Chapel, Stone-built; Sehool-IIouBO Brick-built ; Hay Storo, Wood-built. Important Public Salo. Victoria-parade, East Collingwood. By Order of tho Trusteos. Adjoining Messrs. Robinson and Ferguson's great *- Foundry and Factory. Terms of Payment-Throe Years' Crodlt allowed to bo given for tho Purchaso-Moncy, less 25 por Cont. Deposit; Othonvlso, Optional to tho Purchaser, viz - Bills nt Thrco, Six, and Nino Months', with 20 per j cent. Deposit; or 25 por cont, Cash Doroslt, oi.d tho < Residuo to bo secured by Mortgago on the Property for thrco years, bearing Interest at tho roto of 10 per cent, per annum. [R. STUBBS is instructed by tho trustees Interested heroin to SELL by PUBLIC AUO aiuix, on the premises, on Thursday, Novciubor 8, at twclvo o'clock precisely, Titlo guaranteed, Tho undermentioned church, Behool, and other prhato property, in lots to suit purchasers, viz. Loti. The Independent Chapel, situato at tho comer of' Victoria-parado and Islington streot, having 40 feet frontago to tho former, by 80 foot to tho latter. Lot 2. \- Tho hay and corn storo adjoining, 80 feet doop, by 38 foot to Viotoria-parade \- i Lots. Brick houso, occupied as a training school, with 1 47 foot frontago to Vlotoiia-parado, by 80 feet dcop. i Lot 4. J- A nnblo depth of 184 feot by 27 foot frontago to Islington-street. Lot 5. A noblo depth of 134 feet, adjoining Messrs. Robinson and Ferguson's establishment. Noto.-In announcing tho abovo torms upon which tho salo will bo made, Mr. Stubbs feels assuiodthat on no previous occasion has any property oqually eligible beon offered for publlo salo ou terms oqually detli able to tho purchaser. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Now Auction Rooms, 00 Ellzaboth-stroet. AMUEL DEEBLEwill SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday, Octobor 20, at olovon o'clock, Tho following goods : 1 caso tweed coats 2 do of black soo do \- 2 do alpaca do 8 do tweed trousers 2 do of blonds and edgings 1 do of hosiery 2 do of organdto muslins 1 do flounced do 1 do do halzarines 1 do do Norwich drossos. Terms at Salo. : WEDNESDAY, O0TOBER 20. Now Auction Rooms, 00 Ellzaboth-stroet. SAMUEL DEEBLEwill SELL hy AUCTION, on Wednesday, October 20, at twolvo o'clock, 1 b'iy pony, saddlo, and harness 1 light American waggon 2 handsomo four-light gas chandeliers ; Counter, fittings, &o.; Ternis at Sale. _i ~~ WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Bourko-strcot. Unrosorved Salo of Grocorlcs, &o.; ALFRED JOY has received instructions from H. S. Shaw, Esq , Olllcial Asslgneo in the estate oí Edward Gilbert, to SELL by AUCTION, on tho premises, situated in Bourko-stroot, immodlatoly opposito tho Theatro Royal, and known as the Oriontat Toi Warehouso, on Wednosday, October 20, at twolvo o'clock, ..... , The wholo of the remaining stock ot grocerios, con. 1 Tea, sugar, coffee, mustard, salmon, lobsters, and \- oj'Btera, in tins. Scales al d wolghts. Also, Olio superior shop-fittings. Including handBomo coder counter, marble-topped butter counter, cedar shelving, and wiro window- blinds, largo sorting-table, tea-scoops, &c.; Terms-Oash._ "~: THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. Raleigh's Punt, Saltwater River. Sale of Growing Crops, Superior Draught Hone?, Harness, Fanning Implements, &c.; Ä LPRED JOY has boen favoured with in A btructions from Aloxander Laing, Esq., Oftloial Absutneo in the estato of James Boll, to BELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, on tho premises, situato .it Mari- byrnong, closo to Raleigh's Punt, on tho Saltwater Hivor, on Thursday Octobor 27, at ono o'clock, , Growing ero].-, sitporii r draught horsos, harness, ploughs, harrows, &o.; Also, " Tho growing crop of hay on the farm known as , i Springbank Fal m, and estimated at 70 tons, Terms-Cash. i Mí a Cle^ng-outSaleof^Cl i*"*' âG.M'COMBE wiU SEir V Pe°ttt4 .at the stores, 124 ¿olllnÄ «CTln. elevÄÄ *"* ^ *^BÜg T 8 double ,horse-Vo7erCS8^»'. completo «""»UMS tod ..pant* 2 do, with Improved winnm- " n ' 2. J. Westmgl,ouÄ&t;,!it' 6 double horse-powers "tom' 0 tluashcrs and winnows « double honeS Ä» . 8 singlo do. thrashorsand separate fimowing-machL1shl,m'8l,at«". J mowing and reaping machine Ali... 1 seif-raking reaper, ïtkm'spjlif»9 Wai 10 deubloIiowÄ'Äi '. The implements will ho' oÄ Ä,c^ mises on ¡ho day prior to anti morl*Í" a> I* «>*?mlnatlon of liuonding purcS» "L" ?. '«to .will bo sold to rtoso a consignment 'mi "»»"S _Torms at Salo. ' WEDNESDAY, OOIÖBEnlT 25 cJ|°s Jordan Almond!. ' á 78 Bags Walnuts. G.M'COMBE will SELL bv Aumin,, . In his roonjB, CoUins-strcol KA bor 20, at elovon o'clock ^ °D Weeba,],. . 78 bags walnuts * 25 cases Jordan almonds 20 do moecaionl 20 do vorrnleolli. All in good condition, Terms at Sale. J. WEDNESDAY, OOTOBiulT To Ironmongers and Others. ' A G.M'COMBE will SELL byATCrrr,,, /JL. nt his rooms, Collins-street on «wfT» October 20, at elovon o'clock, ' ffC(ll«%, A qaantity of- ' Iinrdwaro Ironmongery, &c.; No reservo. _TerrnB-Cash, ~ WEDNESDAY, OOTOUËRI.-" To Grocers and Country Storekeepers. 15Cas.cs York IlaniB, 10 Do. Cumberland Bacon A G.M'COMBE will SELL byAUCTIOV J\,. In his rooms, Collins-streot, on WcO October 20, at lleven o'clock, "«mtsaj, 10 casos Cumberland bacon 3 5 do York hams, n, ,. ,,, ., s!'Snt,y sweated. To bo sold for tho benefit of «bom It may «mein, _Torms at Sale. ' BT WEDNESDAY, OOTOBER sei To Comfactors, Dealers, and Oilier« 3,000 Bushols Danish Oate, 2,600 Do Barley. AG. M'OOMBE will SELL by AUCTION nivi Jj ''J' rooms. Collins street, on We<mcV_V Octobor 20, at olo\ on o'clock, "«araiij, 3,000 bushels Danish oatB L ? 2,500 do barley K.tl 3,000 do bran. Bloc All guaranteed sound. _Torms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, OOTOBEtl 20. To Grocors and Others. AG. M'COMBEwill SELLbyAUCTIOH « in his rooms, Colllns-stroot, on WccuHsdi» October 20, at olovon o'clock, " 78 firkins B. R. Cork butter 100 boxes candles 117 eases onions and pícidos. AU In splendid condition. _Torms Liberal, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER SO. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. AG. M'OOMBE will SELL byAUOTIOH, » In lils rooms, Colllns-Btroot, onW.__!ii.j, Octobor 20, at elovon o'clock, COO dozon bottled beer. To bo sold for tho benefit of whom It may concern, Without reserve, Torms-Cnsh, l> WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEROn 40 Firkins D.R. Cork Butter. To bo Sold to Closo an Account. AG. M'OOMBE will SELL by AUCTI0Î, a in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wcdnndij, bor 20, at eleven o'olock, 40 firkins D.R. Ccrk butter. A good sample To be sold to closo an account. Terras at Salo. il E: THIS DAY. Eight Mlloh Cows. DWARD ROW and Co. will SELL by AW . TION, on Tuosday, Octobor 25, Eight superior milch cows, nowly calved, tai dairy farm near town. THIS DAY. Til DWARD ROW "nd Co. will SELL by AW J__| TION, at thoir yards, Bourkc- strect, on Tuesto, Oitober 25, at twolvo o'clock, 30 colts and lillies. Tlio abovo nre from tho Murray, ltavo boon -¿ted. with great caro, and aro well suited for the exist; demands, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. To Prlvato Families and Others. 20 Milch Cows. T71 DWARD ROW and Co. havo recehed it fij strnctlons fiom A. Motherwell, Esq., to SEI by AUCTION, at thoir .aids, Bourkc-strect, a Wednesday. October 20, 20 milch cows, some with calves at foot, Ott« I springing. I The wholo aro porfectly quiet, and thoroughly gool milkers._ WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. . . Wool, Tallow, and Skins, At Goldsbroucth's Storos, EDWARD ROW and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, ot Goldsbrough's stores. Morkct-strott, on Wednesdaj', Octobor 20, at two o'clock, Wool Tallow Sheepskins._ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27. Important to Carriers, Farmers, and Others. Suflblk Punch Colts and Fillies. EDWARD ROW and Co. uro instructed lo jOFi-R for 8ALE, at their janis, Bourkc-striet, on Thursday, Octobor 27, at twolvo o'clock, The annual draft (25 head) of Messrs. Bikenl and Lj all's Suffolk Punch colts mid fillies. Oho siro Is an Imported Suffolk Punch, npcrfecS model of strength, activity, and beauty; thodarasra half-bred and havo produced an offspring exhibit«? a cornbhmion of those qualities for which the Bins BodiBtmguhhcd, Tho auctioneers doem it unnecessary to do rao» than call tho attontion or thoso who desire finteas Btock to this opportunity of socurlng horses possess^ the rare combination of strongth, activity, andsfa motry._, THURSDAY, OOTOBElt 27. Leicester Rams, ox Coponbagon. T71DWARD ROW and Co. will SELLbyAUO Pi TION, at their yards, Bourko street, onTbursty, October 27, at twolvo o'clock, lTpurobrod Lolooster rams, juBt landed, «w penhngon. _ Now on view at tho janis,_ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28. Salo of , Growing Crops, Steam Thrashing-Machino, to, At tho Moonoo Ponds and Saltwater Elv cr. I DWARD ROW and Co. aro instructed bv Messrs. H. and A. M'KonzIo to SELL ty ÄUUTIÖN, on the ground, on Triday, October^,« twolvo o'clock (in consoquenco of retiring from ni farming business), . ,. .The wholo of the grow lug crops on tho farm, ia 'Kose, Moonee Ponds, consisting 01 220 acros oats 20 do Capo harloy. Tho produco of a gardon, 10 acres in'oxtcnt, stockd with fruit trees, vinos, and vegetables. After tho abovo will bo sold, at thoir farm, spring hill, Saltwater Hlvor, \- ICO acres oats 26 do Capo harloy " _"i, ,nl ' Elght-horeo power Btoam-cnglno, by aarrett,»n-i 1 liroiliing machine, do (both in complete repair 2 draught horses 2 hacks 2 drays _2 sots Scotch hamcsB Roller Wnter-cart Chaff-cutter, &o.; , Luncheon provided. Torms Liberal. _ FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 4. Solo of Growing Crop, Farming Implement«, 4«. At Moonoo Ponds. TF DWARD ROW nnd Co. lmvo received io J__ struetloiiB from tho proprietor, Mr. J«" fiTtfay, to SELL by AUCTION, on tho farm, Moo»« Ponds, in tho rear of tho toll-gate, on Trlday, Ho«»1, her 4,1 at ono o'olock, 48 acres growing oats 8 carts Horso hay-rako, roller Plough, Iron harrows, &c.; Also, 1 maro. Terms at Sale.______ THIS DAY. Colts. Colts. Colts. . MM'CAW and ANOTHER have rccencd . Instructions from A. Balcomo, I.nq;, to SM£ ÛCTION, at tho Hojal Horso llazaar, on Tttef diy, October 25, at twelve o'clock, .""-inties. ''SO colts anti milos, of a very superior ««**$* comprising a few heavy draught colbara numbor.suitable for hackiioys or for coaeT, purposes, NoKoscrvo._ WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20. Colts. Colts. Colts. M'OAAV and ANOTHER have r^ervedu JVJ . struetioiis from Mr. pomm, of GJW£7 ÄT4'LL by AUCTION, at t .olloyaHoT*»* M unbroken), comprising n IBW ».».?> - ". colts, a number suitable for carriage> »«« cavalry chargors, tho romnlndcr sin»* coachers and rough hacks. No reservo. 