THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1859. GIBBON, in one of the most beautiful episodes in the whole range of history, describes the source of tho great ir- ruption of the German nations, tracing back from the Rhine to the confines of China the pressure, for a period of seven hundred years, of tribe upon tribe ; and showing how the conqueror who passed the Danube was, after all, but a van- quished nation fleeing before one moro powerful than itself, which again, in its turn, was pressing onward, impelled in the rear by another and moro ruthless race. Horde rolled onward upon horde, like wave upon wave, each impelled upon the other by that restless move- ment, which in man, under the form of discontent, or a desire of bettering his condition, ia the source of pro- gress, though it is also the cause of much unhappiness. The same move- ment, adapted in form to the civili- sation of tho age-that is, divested of slaughter and plunder, but yet preserv- ing the love of enterprise and gain-is going on in our own times, peopling' the prairies of Amorioa and the plains of Australia. The native-born Ameri- can of the Western State flics from the competition of the Europeans, flocking in at the rate of 1,000 a-day, as the Goth ' fled from the Hun, and takes posses-Í sion of new land beyond the Mississippi ï or the Missouri. And so it is in vic toria ; the older colonist passes into the interior to the occupations of grazier or farmer, or seizes upon some of the many openings which can only be see a by the experienced eye, leaving the vacant place to the new comer. In the able report on the British census of 1851, the Commissioners lay jx _-_ ranch stress on the groYving extent of this movement within the empire ; and it is asserted that " a free circulation of " the people is now necessary in Great " Britain, to meet the various require " inents of the public industry." Re- marking on the " swarms of their popu " lation" sent out by the several dis- tricts, it is stated that " 4,521 of the " youth of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex " leave their native counties every year " to reap .elsewhere the fruits of the " education, skill, and vigor, which " they have derived at great expense " from their parents a"t home." With- out deciding on the relativo merits of the theory of the religious-minded BOS SUET, who naturally connected every event Yvith the sublime subject that engrossed his own thoughts - the progress of Christianity -and of the idea of a Danish Yvriter, YVIIO merely sees in this movement " a pcr " pctual circulation of the con " stunt elements of the population " through certain prescribed courses," wo must recognise in it something moro than chance or predilection. Be this, hoYvever, as it may, we know that its effect is at once to people the Yvhole earth and to fuse races ; and the evi- dences YVC have of the energy and pro- gress of thoso populations which have been composed of many races, as com- pared with those which, by the prohi- bitions of religion or the laws of caste, have endeavored to protect the purity of their blood, do not warrant us in vicYving with apprehension the future of Victoria because of the admixture of the many nations Yvhose several numbers are recorded in our census tables. In what proportions this tide of Euro- pean emigration, Avhich from the United Kingdom alone amounted in the tAventy years, from 1837 to 1856 inclusive that is, three months prior to the taking of the census now under review -to no less than 3,654,555, has flowed towards these colonies from the A'arious countries of the old world, and in what estimation Victoria in par- ticular is held by the overfiWing popu- lations, arc subjects of much interest. Referring to the emigration returns for the Un ited Kingdom, Ave find that the annual average of departures for the five years from 1852 to 1856 inclusive, was 275,098, of whom 65,883 Avere for the Australian colonies, 176,692 for the United States, 29,100 for the North American colonies, and 3,423 to all other places. Thus, since the advan- tages offered by this and the sister colo- nies became thoroughly known in Europe, one-fourth of the emigration has flowed hitherwards, though previously to that period (from the 1st of January, 1847, to March 31st, 1851,) we did not attract more than a thirteenth. Passing to the returns for the three years 1854,1855, and 1856, Avhich correspond Avith the interval between our tAVO last cen- sus, we find that the total departures of persons specified as belonging to the three kingdoms, were 565,452, of whom 212,625, or 37 per eent.,Avere English; 51,942, or only 9 per cent., wore Scotch ; and 300,887, or 53 per cent., were Irish. Bearing in mind the fact, that the emigrants from the latter country were nearly one-third more than those from England, and almost in the proportion of 6 to 1 of those from Scotland, Ave turn to the figures showing the proportion of this gross emigration which took shipping for these colonies, and it there appears that out of the 212,625 English departures, 103,608, or 48 per cent., were for Aus- tralia; that of the 51,942 Scotch and 300,887 Irish, there were respectively 22,470, or 43 per cent., and 40,061, or only 13 per cent., whoso destination was likewise for these colonies. With regard to foreigners, it appears by the I returns from Avhich we have quoted that 57,732 emigrated from Europe by way of England during those three years, I and that the destination of less than 7 per cent, of these, namely 3,926, was Australia. These figures exhibit in the strongest light the estimation in which the Australian colonies are held by the English, Scotch, Irish, and foreigners, as a field for the particular branches of [industry to which their antecedents ¡and predilections incline them ; and are represented by the ratios which the numbers 487, 433, 133, and 68 bear to one another. Had the proportion of the emigration to the Australian colonies for those three years borne the same ratio to the total departures Avhich it has done, but had each divi- sion of the United Kingdom contri- buted to our population according to the entire number it sent forth, we should haATe received but 62,472 Eng- lish, in place of 103,608 ; but 15,262 Scotch, instead of 22,470 ; and the number of Irish Avould have been more than double, or, in place of 40,061, it would have been 88,404. When, how- ever, it is recollected that nearly two thirds of the people of Ireland are em- ployed in the tillage of the soil, and, moreover, that these colonies have the reputation of being chiefly mining, com- mercial, and pastoral, and that the rural population of Victoria, Avhich includes both divisions of agriculture, Avas in 1857 much less than half that of tho seaport towns and gold-fields combined, or about 28 per cent, of tho inhabitants, exclusive of Chinese, wo can very readily understand the prefer- ence of Irish emigrants for tho United States and Canada. On the othor hand, the proportion of persons engaged in commerce, trade, manufacture, and mining, taken collectively, vory nearly agrees with that which prevails in Grea1, Britain, where the population engaged in trado, commerce, and manufacture s alone is more than twice as great as that connected with agriculture. How far previous pursuits have influenced the people of the various countries after their arrival, we shall defer for the pre- sent to exhibit, and shall now only add that inability to undertake the mora expensive journey to Australia appears also to have had its share, of influ- ence in diA'erting Irish emigration from these shores, as may bo gathered from the fact of the large proportion of Irish females to males in Victoria ; the former of whom have no doubt to a great ex- tent found their way into this colony by the aid of the Immigration Fund. It appears that for every 100 males from Ireland there are 83 females, while from Scotland there are but 57 female3 to 100 males, and from England 49 to 100. The prevalent popular opinion is, that addictedness to strong drink, from occasional tippling in a limited way oa to confirmed drunkenness, is more a habit than a disease,-a habit Yvhich, like reading the neYVspaper at break- fast, or taking a nap after dinner, might, by an effort of the will, be broken in upon and discontinued, though not without some discomfort 'for a feYV days, and a few Yveeks of fidgotty uneasiness. And, at first, when occa- sional tippling is indulged in, this jopular opinion may be right, just as we could scarcely term slight eccentricities of manner or of speech the disease known as insanity. But so soon as the occasional tippler arrives at that | stage of habitual indulgence Yvhen ho cannot do without his daily glass-when he longs for it more restlessly than he hungers for his dinner-the passion for drinking gradually loses the previous characteristic of a habit, Yvhich might be, as most people believe, abandoned by resolute abstinence, and becomes a de- cided disease; and hence, like most other diseases, it varies in severity, and also in being curable or incurable, according to the constitutions of the indÍYriduals affected by it. Tliis distinction betivcen what is merely habit and Yvhat is disease, YVO consider important to be urged upon the attention of those who take in- terest in the subject, noYV so laudably agitated, of a reformatory for drunken- ness, in order to prevent serious mis- takes and disappointments, certain to folloYV should confirmed drunkards be indiscriminately looked upon as merely having acquired bad habits, and not as being affected Yvith a specific disease. Another disease, closely parallel to this, furnishes a clear illustration of our meaning. Wo do not refer to insanity, which, though often assumed to be so in popular discussions, does not appear to us to bo very analogous : we refer to diseased appetite for food. In oases by no means rare, though much less common than confirmed drunkenness, the disease occurs which is knoYvn as " canine appetite," when voracity takes the place of moderation in eating ; and this is not confined to good and wholesome food, but is ex- tended to the devouring of everything that can be swallowed, to allay the in- satiable, morbid craving of the stomach. Instances are recorded of this voracity, scarcely credible were they not vouched for by authorities not to be doubted. We refer not to the case of a Russian devouring in the course of a day 10 pounds of tallow candles, and washing them doYvn with a quart of lamp oil ; for Baron LIEBIO considers this ease to be not disease, but one of a natural instinct, produced by the intense cold of the Siberian climate. But Yve reoog niso marks of unmistakable disease when we are told by Dr. COPLAND of a little girl, nine years of age, attended by him, devouring half a rabbit quite raw, and a pound of candles at the same time; and (on the testimony of the mother) daily devouring, if she could obtain it, as much food as her whole family, six in number. Another in- stance is authentically recorded of a Frenchman in an hospital, Yvhose voracity impelled him to devour everything that came in his way, such as the used poultices, and things still more dis- gusting. He Yvas even known to swallow claspknives, Yvhich, after his death, were found embedded in the coats of his stomach. These, no doubt, are extreme instances ; but most persons may havo known or heard of children, and also of grown persons, having an unnatural, diseased craving to cat coal oinders, chalk, and other things very foreign to ordinary food. When such persons die, inspection of the stomach always shows more or less a diseased state, accounting by in- ference for the insatiable craving for food. Now, in, unfortunately, the much moro common case of insatiable craving for strong drink, the close resemblance of the craving to that for food would warrant us to infer a similarity of actual disease, independently of in- spection after death. Such an inspec- tion can seldom be made in milder cases of the disease, Yvhon tippling ia verging towards confirmed drunkenness . but wherever such inspection has been made in moro extreme cases, the lining coat of the stomach and intestines has been found greatly thickened and soft, and the liver and kidneys much dis- ordered, Yvhile the brain usually smells of alcohol. This state of disease in these important organs accounts by inference as before, for the insatiable craving for exciting liquor, altogether different from ordinary thirst, which is usually caused by a deficiency of the due proportion of Yvator in the blood. This Boftening and thickening of the lining of the stomach seem to give rise to a feeling of want of stimulus-an ungovernable de- sire to drink strong liquors, to allay the insatiable uneasiness, though experience proves too lamentably that it is only adding liquid fuel to keep up the flame of the disease. These details entitle us fairly to infer that the mero correction of what has erroneously been deemed no moro than a bad habit will not of itself effect a cure of drunkenness when advanced to the stage of a disease. Even the best medical treatment is often unsuccessful, though the atten- tion of the profession has been promi- nently directed to the Bubject for 2,000 years-from the days of HIPPOCRATES, the father of medical science, down to our own times. Nothing proves more strikingly the views we havo just il- lustrated than the effects of suddenly withholding from a confirmed drunkard his usual daily potation. The craving, the gnawing whioh he experiences soon becomes ungovernable and un bearable, and at length drives him mad produoing the symptoms but too well known as the horrors, or delirium tremens, with the wild, restless eye, the fumbling and wringing of the hand*, tl.e incessant and incoherent talkiiT the busy bustling about todo somethii' and doing nothing, and, above all t ! .hstressing sleeplessness, vvhicV ' liightful doses of laudanum or ml rl»ft. frequently fail to banish I \ rilleviate. Such are a few of ti' terrible consequences of forcibly win holding strong drink from a drunk*I whoso stomach has had its liu;n, softened and thickened. The di"' : when the habit might have been oo' greeted is past, and no hope remain'! i but medical treatment by a skill»! I physician, with his powerful croth oil liniment, his antimonial wine tartv emetic brandy, and such other effioio« nauseauts and remedies as his scientii. experience may suggest. We trust that the above detaili may be of use in guiding t'u Tihilanthropic in their important ail laudablo proposal to establish a P. formatory for the vice and for the ouí of the disease. YVo loam by telegram from AiaiattliatMess, I jM'Iiellau, M'Veigh, and Hint havo been, alt! 'public meeting hold foi that puipose, unsi i mously elected momliors of the Convention Tlio Sandhurst Cn cult Court commenced I ¡ sittings on the criminal sido on Tuesday moron I beforo Ins Honoi Mi Justice Banj gBTeij ¡cases xv ero disposed of, but none of thouin of a naturo which would be generally m posting From certain particulars which were yesterday brought to the knowledge of the police concern- ing the murder of George James Tickner, on the 26th of March last, Detective Kelly was induced to apprehend the wife of the murdered man on the charge of being accessory before the fact. She will be brought up for examination at the City Court this morning. About 30 gontlomon attended at tho nnni I meeting of the Port Phillip Tai mors Assotu turn, which was held yestoiday, at tho Medianía Institute A long and comprehensive report 9 the proceedings of the societj during tho putt! mouths was load by tho Secictaiy, and m adopted xv ithout lomaik At the piesent tim the soeiotj have i balance to thoa credit of 4b , oxilusiv o of plant and stock ni hand Tki [expenditure for the year amounted to 3,117" 8i while tho receipts xveie J,562i 17s A now coi) of rultswas brought foi »aid, ind,withicrysiigli altcialion, adopted, there being no feature of IHJ inipoitance oi novelty contained in it Tim bl lowing gentlemen wcio elected to soiieasiMi I 1 ers of the committee of the society -Jlesm | M'Ci aiken, Gibb, M'Couoolue, M'lntosh, K* nin, and Urown It is now ascertained, beyond doubt, that one at least of the condemned criminals, if not both, has made a full confession of his guilt in connection with the Omeo murder. From a communication addressed to Mr. Justice Pohl- man by the Rev. Edward H. Bryan, the chaplain of the Pentridge Stockade, we learn that the unhappy man William Armstrong, perceiving no hope of his life being spared, has voluntarily made in writing an ample and complete acknow- ledgment of his guilt, which has in due course been forwarded to the Chief Secretary. In con- fessing his crime, however, he solemnly and deliberately declares that another party, not in custody, but who gave evidence against him on his trial, is directly implicated in the act for which he, Armstrong, has been sentenced to death. On these grounds, and taking into con- sideration the deplorable state of mental pros- tration in which the unhappy man is at present, Mr. Bryan earnestly prays that his life may be prolonged, in order that he may receive spiritual consolation and religious instruction, and thus be prepared to meet the fate which inevitably awaits him. The Executive Council will probably meet to-day to take into consideration a petition preferred to the Government by Mr. Bryan relative to postponing the execution. The other prisoner (Chamberlain) has also, we believe, made a confession, which has been forwarded to the Government, so that there now remains no doubt of the guilt of both the prisoners. The accusation preferred by Armstrong will, of course, be thoroughly investi- gated on the meeting of the Executive Council. A meeting of gentlemen in favor of the aboli- tion of State aid to religion in Victoria was held yesterday afternoon, convened by circular of the "Association for the Repeal of the 53rd Clause in the Constitution Act." The Hon. George Harker M.L.A., Treasurer, occupied the chair. The following gentlemen were also present:—Hon. James McCulloch, M.L.A.; Henry Langlands, Esq., M.L.A.; Richard Heales, Esq., M.L.A.; Reverends r. Fletchor, A. M. Ramsay, J. P. Stunderland, James Taylor, R. Hamilton, H, Thomas, W. Miller, J. Mirams, and T. Odell; and Messrs. F. Haller, E. Langton, W. Fairfax, J. Russell, W. Goodhugh, T. Ham, T. Dickson, and J. Macgregor. The Rev. A. M. Ramsay gave a detailed statement of the progress of the association during the pul two years, after which a proposition was n by the Rev. R. Fletcher, seconded by Mr Fairfax, "That the Society for the Repeal of the 53rd Clause in the Constitution Act bo rovwîl under the name of the ' Association for til | Abolition of State-Aid to Religion in Victoria." After some discussion, the motion was carrol unanimously. The regulations of the nssocintin wcrclaid before the meeting, and adoptedscriali». The subscription of members was fixed at not less than 8s. each. A board of gentlemen was then formed, consisting of a number of li/' men, with ministers, being subscribers, to be ex officio members of the board, A suggestion MI afterwards carried that members of Parliament should hold office on the same terms as cler/f nen. F. Haller, Esq., was appointed treasurer, and the Revs. R. Fletcher, A. M. Ramsay, and Mr. Goodhugh, honorary secretaries. Tliosji' tem of operation pursued by this society will bl to support candidates for the new Parliarneai who are opposed to State aid to religion, and ii watch the proceedings of the Legislature on ft) subject. Branch societies will be formed thwujl the colony, and efforts made to carry the toul cbolition of the system of State aid toroh'poi in the forthcoming session of Parliament. A final game of football, previous to the match to come off on Saturday against the South Yarra Club, was played amongst members of the M. F. C. in Richmond Paddock yesterday after noon. Although the attendance was more limited than the occasion demanded, there was no lack of good play, and the goals were contested with great spirit until dusk, there being no victory claimable on either side. All preliminaries for the great game on Saturday have been arranged. The uniforms are to be blue for South Yarra, and white for Melbourne, and the pub- lished rules of the Melbourne Club have been acceded to in globo by their adversaries, with the exception that no "free kick" shall be allowed but where the ball is received from an opponent's foot. Every provision has been made for the comfort of ladies who may visit to enjoy a view of this—one of the most manly of British pass- times; and the fact that the Melbourne Cricket ground will be the venue of the contest, the portion to be played upon being roped off—a necces- sary precaution even within an enclosure—gives every indication that it is the desire of the pro- motors of the match to have, not only a fair field and no favor, but also to afford every facility to the public for advantageously viewing a struggle, the equal of which in its espsecial department, in all probability, has not been witnessed in Victoria. The following in the list of players: — For Melbourne Messrs. Bruce, Wills, Smith, Thompson, Butterworth Hammersley, Petrie, Morrison, Byron Russell, Woolley,, Wardells, Kenworthy, W Webb, Wray, M'Pherson, M'Kenzie, Ogilvie, Harrison, Grut, Henderson, May, Shepherd, Jacomb, A M'Crae (Besides the 25 mentioned, the following gentlemen are invited to be in attendance, in case of defection:— Messrs. Came- ron, Montgomery, Murray, Abbott, Sewell.) For South Yarra: Messrs. W. Hammill, W. J.Greig, E . Dalgety, G. Hayward, R. Murray Smith, T. A. Brown, P. Brown, H. Chomley, A. Chomley, C. Chomley, J. C. Tyler, H. Courtney, W. T. Raleigh, F. H. Hart, G. L. Hart, J. R. Murphy, J. Goodman, J. Were, C. Bromby, E. Bromby, P. B. Cumberland, W. Palmer, J. H. Shakes- peare, J. Learoyd, and F.Fenton. The ball will be kicked off punctually at 2 o clock. The business in the District Court yesterday consisted entirely of cases under the Small Debts Act, most of which were dismissed owing to non- appearance of the plaintiffs. Mi Sturt yesteiday desned in ncknoxv ledg liicnt to bo made of a donation of Si, íoceived from "A Melbourne Merchant, towards tho funds of tho City Court charity box, and Mi Hacl ctt of tlio receipt of a similar amount, fiora the sime «ource, for the Distnet Couit poor box Tin a munal John riannery, who is oidoiod for execution on Saturday, forwarded yesteiday to the Chief Societal y a petition playing that his hfo might bo spaiod The îesult of the) loquest lins not yet been made knoxni The execution has been fixed by the Shenff foi 10 instead of 8 o clock, as has lntheito been tho custom At the Melbouuio Plulhaiinonio Society s re 1 cnsil foi the Handel Centenary Colobiation, on Tuesdix ev enmg last, nearly 300 choi al vocalists .»vere pi dent Troni the manuel ni which the "Hailstone, and sovoral othoi choiuses in " Isiaol m Efcypt were sung, theic cannot bo the least doubt that, as fal as tho peifoi manee is concerned, tho whole allan will bo a decided "success, and it is to bo hoped that tho suiplus of pioiceds horn tho two concerts will be suf- ficient to foim the basis of a fund foi tho election of a Music Hall in this city It behoves ill pitions of musical art and science to on« com age, is fai is possiblo, the Philhnimouio Sociitx ni its unw eaned exertions to mstiuct mci cintifj tho public An m mist upon tho body of Bridget Walinu., hold jesterdaj nt the Hospital, toinunated m a YOidiit ' That the deceased died from acute lii flaiiunntioii of the brain, brought on by mtemp rate habits Afueociuned on Tuesday ox euing in Napo- leon «ticot, East Collingwood, xvhoioby a xvooden house, inhabited by a woman mined Johnson, whose husbind is stited to be at the diggings, ivas totally consumed, with its contents Tho Lui "-e was not msuiod At tho Castlemaine Gi munal Sessions, John Dunni conviitod of manslaughtei of Thomas Joins at Back Creek, was sonteneed on Monday to tinco months imprisonment, Mary Cushion, found guilt} of tho manslaughter of hoi husband, at Xaiadiilo, was sentenced to imprisonment foe three x e u s 1 heso sentences, and tho dischai go of tvvoothoi prisoneis, concluded the business of tho sessions, and tho Comt adjourned sine tit«. The sittiny. of the Com t on the cml side woco ii o biou"ht to i conclusion on the same day At the YYllhamstoxra Police Couit yesteiday a serious charge of smuggling wag pi efon ed against Mi J ¡Snholson, 11ncused pilot, of old stind ang Aftei a lengthened inv estigation tho Bench dismissed the caso, on the giound of an ínfor mahtv, tho ovidenco not suppoitmg the allega- tions inado m the summons The same day tho mistei of the barquo Lochinvar was fined 801,, loi cairying 10 passongcrs oxer the number »How ed bj law Mr Broad said tho accommoda- tion of the x essol xvas totally insufficient foi tho lumbei tarried 'Hie foui men supposed to have assaulted i id robbed John Bowden, who is now lying dun gcrouslj ill m tho Hospital, weio yesterday ooii nnttcd for trial in tho City Pohco Court Aftoi tho Bench rose, a private investigation was mado into a chai go brought against ono James Downe?, of hnv ing perpotrated a criminal assault upon a girl of 10 yenrs of age Tho ovulonce was deemed biifficiont bj the Police Magistrate tow armut linn in committing the man for tuai Dr Ford s testimony proved boyond doubt the nature of tlio injuij received This is the third casa within two dijs of offences of tho abovo nature biouglu lindel the notice of the magistracy Tho w ecklj meeting of tho St Ivilda Muiuci pal Council was held ycstciday evening, Mr. Alexander I raser, MhO, in the oban Amongst the other business transacted, it ivis resolved that tho Chairman be requested to lay the foundation stone of tho newTown Hall Tho day for tho ceromonywas not, however, fixed A report was brought up from tho Finance Com- mittee, stating that the Colonial Bank, whoio the banking account of tho Municipality had. been luthei to kopt, had ceased to allow interest upon deposite, and recommending, therefore, that the account bo changed to a bank that did allow it Aftoi a few remarks, it was unani- mously agreed that tho amount should for tho futuio bo kept at tho Onontal Bank It waa stated that the liabilities on existing contract* imountod to G,9G6? 2s 2d , and the assots of tho Municipality up to the 1st November next were estimated at 12,960 Gs Id A meeting was held yestoidayj evening at Macs Hotel, Collingwood, foi tho purposo of electing delegates for tho Now Convention. About 100 porsons woro prosont Tho first IOSO li t on, submitting a political programme, waa ained, with only two dissontients, but tho next, noting tho meeting to elect delegates to tho New Convention, was mot with a storm of opposition, 'ile manner in winch that opposition was carried ot was of the most disgraceful character, a d was intonded not so much to elicit an expies» »in of adverse opinion as to cause obstruction Sacral dnect insults weio offerod to tho pro« moors of tho mooting, which, as might bo ox poced, produced lccnmination, and for a pouod of lalf an horn tho grossest vituperation and pcuoiial abuso were exchanged Kcmarkablo fach ty was offered for tins novel feature u» poliical action by tho fact of a div ísion upon » motou for adjournment having boon called for. Tho )artics fav orablo to tho objects of tho meeting and hose opposed to them woro ranged on each mdo u? the room, for tho purposo of enumeration. Uhe nost activo of tho partisans singled out an- tagonists, and then assailed each other with I .avery ipithet which malice could invent It in j to bo loped, foi tho sake of morality in Colling- wood, (hat not a titho of tho allegations of per- sonal rad political dishonesty so freely intei *hangol was correct Tho adjournment «u carried by one or two votes, and tho mooting Kcparatod without having proceeded to tho bast nea, foi which it was convened Tins HARTLEY ELECTION.-Various rumora were afloat on Sunday and yesterday respecting the result of tho Hartley election, lu some in- stances it was stated that Mr. Rotton waa re- turned with majorities respectively of 10,13, and 20 odd; wliilo, on tho other hand, similar roports wero circulated with regard to Mr. Ryan Bronan. Yfe understand that decided intelligence of Mi-. Rotton's rotura by a considerable majority wau brought to Bathurst by the mail yostorday ; but wo have not yet received any authentic account of tho polling.-Bathurst Times. MURDEH AT GuiorEDAlL-Information has reached town during the week of a most bar- bai ous murder having been committed at Gunne- dah, by a Chinese on a follow-countryman. It ap- peal s that on tho 8th instant un altercation toole place between tho murderer, who gave his naino ai Jemmy, and tho unfortunate victim, tlij former charging tho latter with having planted a horne belonging to him (Jemmy); high word* ensued, and Jemmy took up a pair of shoars and stabbed his victim m the abdomen. Ho lingered on till tho 14th instant, when ho expired. Jouiiuy v. as arrested by the Gunnedah police, and a ma .cisU'riol inquiry held on the loth, when ho was fully committed'to toko his trial for the wilful murder of Sang jpoug.-Tamworth Examiner, 