ENGLISH SHIPPING. ARRIVALS-.-November 28. Phoenician, from Sydney. De- cember 12. Dawstone, from Sydney. 13. Prime and Centurion, from Syd DEPARTURES;- FromLondon: for Sydney-November 28. Wellington. December 1. Omar Pasha. 2- Navarino, for Moreton Bay. 4 Catteaux Wattel. 5.Waterloo. 11. Gene- ral Wyndham. 14 Canaan. For Melbourne-November 17. Tinos. December 2. O'Layne. 5. Cambodia, Indus, Suffolk, 6\. Bunker's Hill. 14. Southampton, Amphion.-From Liver- pool: For Melbourne-December 15. Medina, Ocean Chief.- From the Clyde: For Sydney-Novomber 25. Esperanza. December 1. í".o uñwhvV'ortti". RöWetio, Lightning, ¿lomen, iiincx STÎ;rSciHO*^»-Pac'flo (?'> '.nd n nawow escape of ^T'L J,mht on hélron bound cliffs of Clareen her last pas being ^WT'1^^^ ^ ^ L)scan ft <fiag,c »irf Say ¿ay on'Monday night, there being no distill '"VfiííLndSsbetwecn them, and was actually approach-, ! "Ä nSluVllshl» warned off the steamer from the dan 'ÄÄX «slpproaching. The only light at the KCÎÏÏ?,Ar,Zay Bayls on the Arran Islands. Tho course SÄÄ» Galway should be nearly six miles 0 rt,ÎSÎta Arran!Ifzht, but, miscalculating tho distance. Hie i Coe vlbeÄ fonales from tile binna, made lor a bay 1 «f.! .h 'was iowSj «> te Galm'y- but wnlch' fortunately, Äi U wu IoTl«terwas discovered to bo Liscanuor. Weíe . IVuní AvôSfd, except by a miraculous interposition of v^Smato^falWT^T Ule s*tal 'Pot to which ; ÍÍ,? «as Vast niunlng.--U/rcneß'« Maritime ltcghta; Dec. 4. TI!. (JimHnídeícripttón ol'a new steamer in course of con .imrtion hfro* ttic aiton Jininioli-" Brown and Lovell. ?WílllaMiraMilpoulldérautKMt-Uoston«,mvem eourse of constT«*11 In their yard a small steamer, which is b^bepro '1 pelled A Invente «3 ina IS feet"wUeat the stern, aud tapers gradually to the bow»! « Ali »re very sharp. She is 5 Icet deep. On deck she will Sf hal c a cabin ti ftrt fong. She will be worked by an engine of I lMiorseporravto which will bo attaohed the propellers-One ii at the stern. 3 feet In diameter, to work in the water, and one S «t the stem, Í feet In diameter, to work in the air. The air ? Dropelicris attacliedto a shatt which connects with the engine, 4 and also with the water propeller at the stern. It is supported J by o post at the stem, Both propellers will bo worked by 1 steam. The smoke pipe will lay horizontally on the deck. The ? inventor Is Wnfidcut that' by this arrangement he can easily 5 get 55 or 30 mila an hour speed out of this craft. We under- stand that the invention has been* tried oa a small boat in our ' hsrbour, and has worked admirably.-Home A'acs. I GrnMAV EMÍOHATIOXTO AUSTRALIA.-Hamburgh, Nov. 17, KM -Thelbilowlng vessels, loading here for Australian ports, ' ¿ave cleared out and none down the river during the last few dave:-Circassian (nritlsh), Wilsou, for Sydney, New South Wiles; Alstcr(Hamburg), Plcning, for Melbourne, Victoria; Richard, Ifsrulmrglf, Hremcr, for Melbourne ; Lootse (Danish), Kross, for Sydney, New South Wales ; Johnnnl« (Hamburgh), Timlin, for Melbourne. The only vessel loading at Bremen for Australia 1) the Bremen barque Solon, Captain Lange, for Honiton Day. 'MieN advertised to sall on the ¡loth November, but the frost will probably accelerate her departure. From the lit January this year down to the present lime-and Irom the abore wc may consider the navigation of this port closed, at least for Die Australian tradu and emigration-the number of vessels thsl-htve sailed from Hamburgh Is as follows :-For Port Adelaide,.'!; Melbourne, 11 ; Sidney, 3-together 19. In the year 1857, the numbera were:-" For Port Adelaide, 2 ; Mel- bourne, 131 Bydney-l-together lo. In 18.16, the total number of vrHcIs that sailed Irom Hamburgh tb Australian ports was i; flmveylng 1701 Gcrmnn immigrant«. The Australian trade of Bremin from the beginning of this year down to the present time was as follows:-For Sydney, 2 vessels, with M7 cmi grants; for Port Adelaide, one vessel, with lu emigrants. /_ Idler from Stettin states that the four frigate-built clippers belonging to the enterprising shipowner Herr Schlutow, and called the North, South, East, and West, which were lately launched at Iris building yard in that elly, have been towed down the River Oder by four steamtugs to Swinemunde, to be fitted out for the conveyance of goods and passengers to Mel- bourne, to which port they willi» despatched at regular suc- cessive Intervals ita the ensuing spring. This Is the first laitance of a regular trade between that port and Australia, the increailng number of German emigrants from the eastern pro- vinces ot Prussia, "promising the abovennmed shipowner the requisite support Sar the success of hi» spirited undertaking. The number of German emlgrnntsshipped at Hamburgh for the Australian colonies during the lost ten y ears is, according to the official tables, as follows :-1818 to 1857,17,212 emigrants. In 127 vessels. Of these the greater part went to Adelaide and Melbourne, and only about 1«00 to Sydney and Moreton Bay. Tie average duration of Iho voyages of the above- vessel» was los days; tho longest passage was 121; the shortest 88 days. Amlralian and A'cio Zealand Gazette. Wellington, Howlett, from London for Sydney, slipped from two anchors and chains, at the Nore, November 15th, and en- deavoured to anchor at Greenhithe, but was obliged to slip the remaining anchor there, and was run on some soft mud. Winifred, for Sydney, put back to Liverpool November 2"tli, letky. ' Snip CiiAni-ERED r-Thc Palmyra, JOG tons, to sall from Ply- mouth to Sydnoy, New South Wales, at £14 (is. I'd. per statute adult, to be ready for the reception of immigrants on such day as the Commissioners may appoint between the 14th ahd2lst of January. The Government emigrant ship Wellington. 535 tons, Capt. J. M. Howlett, sailed from Southampton on Sunday, Novem- ber 28, for Sydney, New South Wales, with 239 emigrants, in charge of Surgeon-superintendent Robert Robertson. In a few days the screw steamer Omeo will sall for Australia with the telegraph cable which Is to connect Victoria with Tas- mania. The cable Is a single conductor of 240 miles in length, and Is to be laid from Cape Otway, Victoria, to King's uland, and then continued to tho mouth of the River Mersey, in Tas- mania, whence a land Une will be carried to Launceston. Cap- tain Mncmcillon, the' commander of the Omeo, Is under con- tract to lay the cable on his arrival in Australia. 