SHIPS' MAILS. Mails will close at the General Post Office as follows: For New Caledonia By the Francis, this day, at noon, if not underway. For Callao. By the Lady Elma Bruce, this day, at noon, if not underway, For Honokono.-By the Golden State, this day, at noon. For New CaledonIa By the Spec, this day, at noon. For London. By the Graces, this day, at 6 p.m. For fioaroLK Islands By her Majesty's ship Niger, this year, it 9 pm. ros Callao. By the Telegraph, on Friday, at 6 p.m. For Nelson and New Fltmoiitii.-By the Emma, on Friday, prepare. a Custom House-Entered outwards : September It, Aalborg, Danish barque, 466 tons, Captain Foreman, for Guam. Tai Collaroy (3-14 is the intention of the A. S. N. Company to lengthen this favourite vessel in the same manner as adopted loanccesjfoHy in the Telegraph; The additional length will give bet doubles carrying capacity, and lighter draught of water, without receiving her well-known speed. She will be in the engineers' Linda about nine weeks. THE P. AND O. Co's 8. sombat This fine vessel cleared the Ends at 3.5 p.m. Since her stay in port she has been docked, and wired the usual overhaul and painting. She appears in excel- it trim, and steamed down the harbour very fast. The A. S. N. Co.'s steamer Wonga Wonga cleared the Heads Iii 15 p.m. Tie A. S. N'. Co.'s steamship Boomerang arrived at Adelaide from Melbourne, on Sunday morning. The Parsee left Southampton on 7th June, and arrived yester- 4ft, with 428 Government immigrants, and a small portion of trips, consisting principally of railway iron and machinery. There have been seven births and one death, a child, during the (huge. Her Immigrants are classified as follows 3-39 married couples, 124 single women, 127 single men, and 99 children, who 111 appear in (good health. Dr. Wilkinson, the surgeon super in Wtfint, speaks in very high terms of the indefatigable conduct of a matron in charge. H. M. S. Bush, from Portsmouth to the Cape of Good Hope, was spoken, forty days out. the steamship Telegraph cleared Port Phillip Heads, on Monday, the 12th Instant, at 5 p.m., and arrived at Sydney at 1.30 to, yesterday, making a quick passage from Heads to Heads in hours. She experienced southerly and S.W. winds during the passage. 