THIS DAY. French Plush Hats. J. LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at tholr mart, Bourke-street, on Monday, sentombor 5, at olovon o'clock, " 1 caso, 10 dozen, superior Fr6noh plush hats. In lota to suit purchasers. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Positivo and Unreserved Sale of ISPaclagos Super. IVintor Clothing. ?'-'-." Just Landed, ox Low-Chow. J LYONS and Co. aro favoured with in- structions from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir mart, nourko- street, on Monday, September 6. at oloven o'clock. Tlio following goods, consisting of Millors' assorted molo trousers, part f. f. and full sizes Gentlemen's super, doo trousers, coats, and vests Do super, doo and Uvoed suits, latest stylo and cut Mon's super, heavy pilot cloth Jackets Gentlemen's supor. nlborts and paletots Men's supor. heavy Scotch twill shirts, Unod backs, &c.; Gentlemen's first-class Kinsman's Bilk handker- chiefs Ladles' suporlor winter hosiery Gentlemen's first-class Beaufort and other ties Crlckoters' supor. india- rubber bolts (plated) Mon's first quality cabbago-trco hats Gentlemen's supor. French felt hats Abordcon half-hoso, merino drawors Shirts and veBts, &o.; Terms-cash, And No Rosorvo, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. Pawnbrokers' Sale of Unredeemed Pledges, Pledged with Mr. J. Browning, 107 Ellzaboth-stroot. J LYONS and Co. wiU SELL by AUCTION, , at their mart, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, September 7, at olovon o'clock. The following goods pledged with Mr. J. Browning, 307 Elizabcth-stroet, Molbourno Gold and silver Iovor and othor watches, gold chains, solid gold rings, earrings and plus, large cluster diamond ring, half- hoop and single stono diamond lings, opera-glass, gold spectacles, silver mug, BÜver tablo anutot spoons, sm-voyor's lovol and stand, largo casa amputating instruments, enema, double and single guns, pistols, telescopes, soxtant, quadrants, books . Engineer's or Machinist's Assistant, full of plates ; silk dresses, shawls, mantles, gentlemen's wearing apparel, small feather bed, and other lots. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. Superior Plated Waro, Araboinuo, and E. P. Do. To Fanoy Jowollors, Private Families, and Othors. T- LYONS and Co. aro instructed bythoim «J a portors to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr mart, jjourke-strcot, on Friday, Soptombor 0, at olovon o'clock, Tho following choleo selection of plated goods, ault» phlo for tlio table or sideboard, viz. : Ex Saracen, from London : Sots E. P. Arabesque tea and coffee services Do do Uxbridge do do Dodo Elegant E. P. cottago kottlos, on stands Do do, Ambcsquo Do de, Ellzabotlmn Bo do, ombosBod Yory suporlor egg-ftamos, 5 to 0 holes Do cruets, o to 7 do. Also, A vory choice parcel of Inkstands, plated thimble«, nccdlo and cord casos, bouquet holders, &c.; First-class ongravings, &e.; Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. Now Auction-Rooms, 00 Elizabeth-street. To Drapers, Storokeopors, Dealers, and Othors. §BEEBLE will SELL by AUCTION, at his * rooms, GO Ellzaboth-stroot, on Monday, Sop. her 6, at cloven o'clock, A largo assortment of drapery, consisting of Coburgh cloths Do hoods Circassian do Hosiery ' Prints Trimmings Flannels Cotton socks , Fanoy robos Flannel shirts Ribbons Blankets Mosquito nets Molo trousers Kid ¿loves Twood do Children's undoroloth- Do coats Ing Do caps Cashmore hats Do felt hats And, Other goods, too numerous to partlculariso. Torms at Salo. THIS DAY. Furniture, Clothing, Drapory, Books, &o.; T BELLIN will SELL by AUCTION, at «I . tlio Fitzroy Auction Mart, d9 Gortri'do-streot, CÍlllngwood, on Monday, Soptembor 5, at two o'clock, Cedar and deal tables, cedar washstands, clotkos horso, couch, iron bedsteads, bulifinoh and cago, Sydney stovo, chairs, foathor pillows, camphor boxes, writing-deans and workboxos, axes, spring balances, hand-truck, pair wheels, splnnlng-machlno, galvanic battery, tele- scopes, accordéons, barometer. Books, comprising Chambors's Journals, Family Horalds, Boll's Ooography, Hogg's" Instruc- tors, Butler's Lives of tho Saints, &o.; Tobacco, sago, split-poos, bathbrlcks, And A lot of groceries. Also, Prints, calico, and clothing. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. Working-Men's Freeholds. Oft" Curzon-Btreot, North Holbourne. T BELLIN lias boen instructed to SELL by .J a AUCTION, on tho ground, on Wednesday, September 7, at one o'clock, Two two-roomed weatherboard cottages, with sta- bling, erected on land having 26 foot frontago to» a right-of-way leading from Cureon-strcot, Northi Molliourno, and opposito the now Prosbytorlau. Church, by a depth of 68 feet O inches. Tho cottages aro opposite tho right-of-way loading past Dr. Crook's house Into Queonsborry-strcot. Terms-One-fourth cash, balance four, olght, and 12 months, at intorost. J. Dollin, auctioneer and money brokor, Fitzroy AucllonMart, 09 Gortrudo- streot, Collingwood. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. Messrs. Wilkinson Brothors and Co.'s Regular Sales. 06,147 Feot, 8x1, Spruce Flooring. 48,97* Do, 0 X 1J, Do Do. 1,230 Do, Ox li, Do Do. 01,278 Dr, 1-inch Whlto Pino Sholving. 110,805 no, Do Do Do T. and G. Flooring. 25,703 Do, Do Do Do. 24,876 Do, Do Clear White Pino. 20,051 Do, lí-lnch Do Do. 41,270 Do, li-lnoh Do Do. 88,707 Do, 2-inch Do Do. 23,178 Do, i-inch Do Do. 21,270 Do, 11-Inch Pitch Pino Flooring. 10,707 Do, 1-inch Do Do. 027 Spruco Deals, 0x3 and 11 x 8. 200.000 Sawn Laths, 4 feet and 4 foot 0 inches. To tho Tirnbef Trado, Buildors, Contractors, and Othors. C8. BOSS and Co. have been favoured with. . Instructions from tho Importors, Messrs. Wilkin- son Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, on It«lolgli'8 Wharf, onTuosday, September 0, at olovon o'clock, Ex Clarissa Curl 1er, 05,147 feet, Cxi, Scotch flooring 43,974 do, Ox 11, do do 1,260 do, O x 1}, do do 110,805 1-inch whlto pino T. and G. [¡flooring, planod ono sido to J-lnoh 25,703 1-inch do do, planed both sides to 18-1G inch 24,8751-inch clear white pine, planed ono sida tot 3-iuoh 20,061 li-inch do do, planed one sido to 11-inoU 41,270 lj-lnoh do do, planed one side to ljj-inch 01,2/8 do 1-inch white pine sholving, from 12 to 22 inches wldo, planed both sldea and odgos 83,707 do 2-inch clear white pino, planod one sido to 1J inch 23,178 do J-hieh clear aiding, planod ono eldo 21,270 do H-lnch pitch pine flooring, T, and G., planed ono Bldo to li inch 10,707 do 1-inch do, do, planed one sido to î inch 4B9 spruco doals, 0x8, assorted lengths 138 do, 11 x 3, do 100,000 sawn laths, 4 feet 0 inches 100,000 do, 4 foots. Tlio above Is all landed, ready for dollvery, and is of Brit quality. Intondlng purchasers aro requested to inspect it at the Wharf. Torms Liboral. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. At One o'clock. To MlUors, Capitalists, and Others. Connewarre Steam Flour-Mills. Land and Cottages. A Splendid Investment. TV, JOHNSTON and Co. ai o favoured with i instructions from tho proprietor, John M'Voan, H.,10 SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their Produce Salo-rooms, 01 Myers- street west, on Jhursday, September 16, nt ono o'clock, , I ho Connewarre Steam Flour-Mills, situato 6 milos south of Geelong, in tiio heart of a largo and in- creasing agricultural district. Tho mill is substantially built of stono and brick, .»ith sido rooms, vorandah, ofllco, engine of 10-horsa poner, capablo of working up to 20, onglnehouso and iwllor-shcd attachod. 'Hie Interior fittings aro throo pairs ol French burr stones, drossing- machlncs, patent smuttor, with elevators, holstlng-tackle, <tc. Tho machinery, willela Js of a vory superior class, is in porfoct working order. mid has bad but little w car. Tho cottages adjoining tho mill eomprisosixcomfort alilo dwolllngs of two rooms oneil, built of brick, all spouted, and leading Into a tank, built and arched wlthi «rick, containing 12,000 gaUons. llio mill and cottagos, ko., stand on 0o. 2r. Sp. of icli garden land, and there Is a crook running through: tho whole length of this Ano pleco of ground, which. mT all tho year a copious Bupply of frosh water. Tho firewood, when staokod, will consist of l,O00> lens, moro or loss, of good sound she-oak and gum» a a which must be taken by the purchaser of tho mill property at 7o. od. por ton. The mill stock to bo taken at a valuation. . ' Titlo porfoct. ' Terms for mill, land, and cottages-ono-lourtU cash, »ad tho remainder by acceptances at olght and IS Sr""'' i>«arlnrr 10 por cent, interest por annum. Terms for firewood declared on day of sale. N.B.-Jrho Connewarre Steam Flour-Mula and flour oro so favourably known throughout tho colonies that »Ia quito superfluous for the auctioneers to add their modicum of praise. Tho mill is but recently built, «IM tlie machinery, which is In excellent condition, i'of tho best and newest description, A property of »uçli intrinsic worth Is not tho only inducement hold «tit. hut a mill already established, and coiobratoJ ior its manufacture ol flour, and returning annually avery ¡large pcr-ccntago. Anyono of ordinary per- ception must toe at a glauco that the fortunato pur- chaser can at onco, and with no troublo whatever, jomreanu an oxtonslvo business, and socuro to «Buelfa pormanent and magnificent Inoonio. THIS DAY. f°i THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUO %JCa) TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, September 5, at olovon o'clock, In lots to suit purchasers, 40 tons Morsoy coals, moro or less. No rosorvo. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. G .THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUO * TION, at the Now Dock, on Monday, Sop« tembor 5, at olovon o'clock, Timber ox Omeo, 10,000 feet full-cut hardwood, conBlating ot 8 x 2, 4 x 2, 4 x 3, 6 x 8, 0 x 4, &e;,, lengths from. 3 to 22 foot. Also, 32,00 6-feot palings 0,000 0-feot do._ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. For tho Benoflt of Whom It May Concern. Duck Trousors. Ex Croólo. T WADE, of Wado and Gowan, will SELL by rj « PUBLIC AUCTION, at tholr mart, 80 Collina streot oast, on Tuesday, SoptoraborO, at oleven o'clock, Tho following goods Moro or loss damaged, M in diamond, Soo. 583-1 coso, 30 dozen, mon's super, duck trousors, unlinou, Terms-Cash, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER O. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. Flannels. Ex Helon Baird. WADE, of Wada and Gowan, will SELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at tholr mart, 80 Collina afreet cast, on Tuesday, Soptembor 0, at olovon o'clock, HB, , See. 40-42-3balos Imitation Welsh flannel. Moro or less damaged. Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER C. "" For the Boiicflt of Whom It May Concern. Mosquito Nots and Blankots, ex Saracen. J WADE, of Wado and Gowan, will SELL , by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 83 Collins-stroot east, on Tuesday, September 0, at cloven o'olock, Tho following goods, slightly damaged : M in diamond, 0 H, See. 074-1 halo 30 pairs 10-4modlum blankots 21-1 caso 90-lnch and 100-inch white and fancy mosquito nets. Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER O. J WADE, of Wado and Gowan, will SELL a by PUBLIC AUOTION, at tholr mart, 8i) .Collins-stroot east, on Tuesday, Soptojibor 0, at eleven o'clock, The following goods, inoro or less damaged : M in diamond, M under, Sec. 818-1 balo 20 pairs Saxony imitation Wolsh. flannel 821,822-2 bales each 8 pairs imitation Wolsh flannel 826-1 bale 50 pairs 9-4 medium blankots. O, 043-1 coso 4-4 blouso holland. Torms-Cash. street TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. Fancy Drapery, Prints, Hosiery, Underclothing. Slops. Hats. Forfars, Sheetings, Hollands, &c.; To Wnrchousomon, Drapors, Country Storekcopers, To Buyoia for the Country, Dcators, and Othors. JTVADE, of Wade and Gowan, has booi » favoured with instructions from tho importera to SELL by PUBLIÛ AUCTION, at their mart, Victoria-buildings, 80 Colllns-stroct oast, on Tuesday, Soptomber 0, at eleven o'clock, Tho following seasonable goods, viz, :-. 2 cases drab and white hands 4 do whlto and coloured stays 8 do light-ground prints 2 do women's whlto cotton hoso 1 do imperial loop bracos 2 do fine whlto cotton Bocks 2 do brown do 1 do super, do 8 do groy and fancy do 2 do merino shirts 1 do lambswool do 2 do fancy ooburgs 1 do bullion fringes 1 do ladies' undorclothing 13 bales 8-4, 0-4,10-4, and 11-4 sheeting G do Saxony Wolsh flannols \- 1 do groy and check do 1 do striped skirting. Slops. 3 casos fancy doo trousers, W.F. and F.F. 2 do do tweed do, do 1 do cotton cord do, do 2 do fancy tweed and doo vests 1 do black do do 2 do fancy tweed sacs 3 do felt bats, French and Canadians 1 do men's straw bats 8 bales striped forfars 600 bran bags. Tlio abovo gooda aro well worth the attention ol the trade. _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. To Carriors, Coach Proprietors, Dealers, and Otho« 70 Hoad Colts and Fillies. From Werrangourt Station. EDWARD ROW and Co. aro instructed by John Moonoy, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir yards, Bourko-Btrcet, on Monday, Soptom- ber 6, 30 head of colts and fllllci, being tho first draft of a mob of 70 from tho above-named gentlomaa's station, consisting of powerful colts and Ollie}, for hoavy draught ; many suitablo forcarrlago pairs, gig, or omnibus, also for superior backs. Tho whole in oxcellont condition. Parties In want of good usoful horses would do well to.lnspoct this lot_ THIS DAY. On tho Promises, No. 2 Park-torrace, Bridge-road, Richmond. J KINDER has received positivo instructions . to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the pro- mises, 2 Park-torrace, Bridge-road, Richmond, on Monday, Soptomber 5, at olovon o'clock prompt, Valuable household furnlturo, consisting of Handsome walnutwood cottago pianofotto, by Statbam, London ; six walnutwood chata, ta match ; spring-seated easy-chairs, do do ; cbimnoy glasses, cheval glass, hall lamp, paintings, books, splendid double-barrel gua ; rifle, by Clough, of Bath ; carpets, ornamonti, springbok skin, muslo books, silvor watch, brooch, and sundries. Also, 2 perambulators, with hoods, íte, quito now. Terms-cash. John Kindor, auctioneer, Brldgo-road, Richmond. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER O. TTT SYDES and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, I" j s at their rooms, 10 Quoon- strcot, ou Tuesday, Septombor 0, at eleven o'clock, Without rcsorve. To closo accounts, Tho following goods : ISO cases Marzotti's alo, 4 dozon each 20 casks do 12 hhds. Salt's do 100 boxes sperm candles 00 cases mustard 10 do sauces 6 boxes hysonskln too 1 chest congou 1 half-chest do 8 boxes gunpowder tea SO casos codfish 1 do glass shades 6 Douglaspumps 0 dozen hatchets 25 do hay-forks 1 medlclno-chest 1 bagatollo-hoard 1 caso fancy goods 1 do do . S storeoscopos and views. Tenns at Salo. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. To Confectioners, Grocers, and Others. Biscuits. Ï7\ SYDES and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, ]j¡t at their rooms, 10 Queon-strcot, on Tuesday, ptomber 0, at eleven o'clock. 0 cases fancy biscuits, containing Cracknells, German rusks, tops and bottoms, routs, splco-nuts, rings and fingers, mtxol wines, Hungarians, queens, &c.; Terms at Sale. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. Abbotsford. Abbotsford. Sale of Land Fronting tbo Yarra Yarra. T> 0. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUCTION _|_V, on the ground, on Monday, September 12, at twolvo o'clock sharp, Two beautifully situated blocks of land, fronting the Rivor Yarra, In tho abovo hlghly-favourod locality. They aro Allotments 14 and 16 in Soctlon 64, an 1 have a frontage of 121 feet and OG feet respectively to» a leading street, with a depth of 124 foot to tho rivor. 3 hoy are completely fonccd around, and sltuato lu one of tho most charming positions to bo found In tlu neighbourhood of Melbourne, Tho whole forms a proporty which for boauty, con . Tonlonco to town, and gonoral suitableness for a privat» gentleman's roaldcnco, cannot bo surpassed. Titlo unexceptionable. Torms, liberal, to bo declared at the time of salo. Furthor information on application to R. 0, Luc- combe, 80 Swanston-strect,_ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. Emerald Hill. EmoraldHiU. BO. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUOTION, a ou the ground, Qucon-stroot, Emerald Hill, on Tuesday, Septombor l8, at twolvo o'clock pre- cisely, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontago of 28 foot to Queen streot by a depth of 61 foot, al ' joining tho Roman Catholic Church Resorvo. Tlio land Is situate near the Ballway Station, and can bo approached byentorlng Queon-strcot, which ' leads off Dorcas-street, opposito tho Queen s Arrm Hotel. Qucon-stroct is completely finished, and rum through from Dorcas to Forrera streets. Neat build- ings aro erected on each sido of It, and tho allotment' of land which is now offered for sale Is about tho only , unoccupied plot In that highly respectable thorough ftro.' ' . , Titlo first-class. , Tho terms aro liboral, aud will bo declared at tks tinto of salo. i For further particulars apply at tho auîtlonocr'J ' Office, 89 SwaiiEton- Btrcot, THIS DAY. For tho BonoQt of Whom it Ma* Concern. Adolaldo, South Australia. Excluvngo Auction Mart. On Monday, September 6, at 12 o'clock. Wrock and a Portion of tho Cargo of tho AdmoUa. /I BEEN, PARR, and LUXMORE have re \TT! ccived instructions from Captain M'Ewan, to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, on Monday, Boptombor fi, at twolvo o'clock, The wreck of tho steamship " ' . Admella, which win bo offered in the foUowing order, namoly :- * JLotl. The Hull of tho ADMELLA, as it is said to be on a reef 26 milos north-wost of Capo Northumberland, with machinery, spars, rigging, &o.; i tot 2. 4,052 Ingots and 420 cakes copper, stomped Kapunda, and 220 cakes coppor, marked with a red cross, whero it may bo at timo of salo, being all the coppor now offered. Lot 8. 201 pigs of lead, «boro it may bo at timo of sale. Lot 4. Tho romalndor of cargo, of which particulars will be given ot salo. Terms-not cash at the fall of tho hammer. t_Conditions at Sale._ , PRELIMINARY NOTICE. On au Early Day, of whioh Due Notice will bo Given, '. Overtime Goods, Machinery, &c.; A. COFFEY will SELL by AUCTION, by j order of G. W. Colo, Esq., at tho stores at Eötiiam-buildlngs, FUndors-stroot west, Overtimo goods, consisting of Machinery Immigrants' luggage. i And Sundries. Furthor particulars in a future ndvortlsomont. ; WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. At Ono o'clock, j At tho Patont Slip, Williamstown. HA. COFFEY will SELL by AUCTION, at à tho Patont Slip, Williamstown, on Wednes- day, Septombor 7, at ono o'clock, 4 tons (moro or less) yellow metal, Stripped from tho ship Coquimbo. Without Reservo._ THIS DAY. At Cno o'clock sharp. ' Land Salo at Emerald Hill. ISAACS and WIIITAKER havo tho pleasure tb announce to their friends and tho public that they will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, on Monday, September 6, at ono o'clock shorn, govern] vnluablo building allotments, facing Park street, Raglan-street, Eastern-road, and Cobdon stroet, each allotmont having a frontago of from 20 to 30 feet by a good depth, with a road at the hack of 24 foot, each having a doublo frontago. Tho'auctioncors have great confldonco in offering theso truly valuable allotments to public competition, it heilig well known that this is ono of the most rising localities around Molbourno, and within three minutes' lido hy railway from tho city. It is considered to bo one of tho healthiest Bpots in tho suburbs, and do llirhtfúlly situated for parties seeking investments. 'The'attoiitlon of the working-classos is strongly ro commonded to this salo, as the terms are oxtromoly liberal-viz., part cash and part bills, at long or short dates, according to agreement at time of solo. Title guaranteed. * Remember-ono o'clock sharp. Luncheon on the Ground. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. To Waggonors, Contractors, Coach Proprietors, or Gentlemen In want of a First-class Hack. 40 splendid Colts and Fillies, from the celobrated Stud of J. Docker, Esq., OvonB River. TREACY lias received instructions rom J. Docker, Esq., of tho Ovens Rlvor, .._by AUCTION, at his yards, 60 Bourke street,west, on Thursday, September 8, at elovon, o'clock, 40 horses, in capital condition, consisting of colts ' and fillies, by tho famous Clydesdale horse Groy Champion. 1 Also, Splondid hackneys by tho thoroughbred horso , Euclid, by Wanderer, bred in Tasmania. From tho auctioneer's own knowledge of those) horses, ho can highly rocommond thom, and would call particular atteni ion of waggoners to the salo. No Reservo. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. Carisbrook. Carisbrook. To Capitalists and Othors dosirous ol ombarking In a Very Lucrative Business. Valuable Browory and AUotmonts of Land in tin Township of Carisbrook. nTVALSTAB has received instructions to __,,"» SELL by AUCTION, In his rooms, 86 Colllns streot west, Tomplo-court, on an early day, of which duo notico will bo given. That splendid and magnificent building known as tho Carisbrook Browory, In the township of Caris- brook, county of Talbot. Togothor with the following valuable allotments, also in tho township of Carisbrook R. P. Allotmont 11, Seotion 21, admeasuring 1 20 to SELL bj 12, 1 7 ' » 13, »» » 1 14 ' >, I*. 1 0 . > 16. 1 38 » io. i» i 1 20 >. I?. .. i 1 80 » 1. 10, , 1 0 1 i> 2. 1 0 ' I " 15, 10, , 1 0 Full particulars of this highly valuable and impor tant proporty will bo given in future advertisement*. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. Important to Horso Breeders. MM'CATV and ANOTHER havo received i instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at tho ¡Horse Bazaar, on Tuesday, Septombor 6, st twolvo'o'clock, The .following ontiro horses, just arrlvod from Circular Head, V.D.L., too lato for tho Annual Show and Bale : Draught Entires. Empörer, dark ohesnut, nino years old, by Old Emperor (Imported), out of Flower (im- ported) Young Woolnorth, bay, five yoars old, by Prince (Imported), out of Diamond (Imported). ' Draught Entire Colts. Orwell, grey, rising two years old, by Farmor, : by Pi luco (imported), dam Beauty, by Or 1 well Nelson, Mac1!, rising two yoars old, by Farmer's 1 Glory, dam hy Orwell Wallaco, dapplo groy, rising two years old, by I Farmer's Glory (imported), dam Polly, out of an importod maro. i Also, . 2 oxcollont goldings, from tho samo place. Tho nuetloneers wish particularly to draw tho attchtlpn of breedors to tho excellency of tho stock to bo offered, and to press upon thom tho utility of embracing tho opportunity offered of improving thoir studs. 1 TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER O. Thrco Toams Working-Bulloiks, with Drays and Goar for Salo. To Farmers, Carrlors, and Othors. WJ. IiOTHEBINGTON will SELL by s AUCTION, at Hawloy and Oo.'s Molbourno Sale-yards, on Tuesday, Soptomber 0, at eleven o'clock, In connootien with the salo of gonoral horso stock, 3 teams young working-bullocks, with (trays and _gear._ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8. In the Supremo Court of tho Colony of Victoria. Fi. Fa. Between Ashley and Hcalcs, Plaintiffs, and Jam;» Marshall, Defondnnt. "VTOTICE is hereby given, that tho Sheriff for 1\ tbo Colony of Victoria will causo to bo SOLD by PUBLIC AUCTION (unless tho oxooution bo pre- viously satisfied), at tho Supremo Court Hotol, La Trobe-streot, Melbourne, on Thursday, Octobor 0, at the hour of twolvo o'clock noon, Tho right, titlo, and interest (If any) of tho above named defendant in and to all that picco of land situato In tbo city of Molbourno, and parish of North Molbourno, in the county of Bourko ond Colony of Victoria, having a frontago of 20 foot (more or less) to Dryburgh-Btrcot. On this land is erected a largo two-storied wooden house, now in tho occupation of tho defondant. J Terms-cash, ' GEORGE BURNS, ShorhTs Offlcor. Sheriffs Office, Melbourne THURSDAY, OCTOBER 0. In the Supremo Court of tho Colony of Victoria. Fi. Fa. Botwo.on Atchlson, Plaintlir, and Bayno, Dofondant. NOTICE is hereby given, that tho Sheriff for tho Colony of Victoria will cause to bo SOLD i,yl.'U)JLIO AUCTION (unless tlio execution bo pre- viously siUsflod), at tlio Supremo Court Hotel, La Trobo- stroot, Molbourno, on Thursday, tho 0th day of Octobor, at tlio hour of twolvo o'clock noon, Tho rljlit, title, and intorest (if any) of tho abovo liamcd dofenda.it in and to all that allotmontor parcol of land, situate, lying, and boing in tho colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement 1 rood, bo tho samo more or less, situata in tha county of Evelyn, parish of Warandyto, bohle Allotmont 8 or Section 4, Warrandyte, bounded on tlio north west by Yarra streot, bearing north 30 degrees 20 minutos, oast 1 chain ; on tho north-east hy Wobb-stroot, hearing nort'i f.3'degrccs 40 minutes cost 2 chains CO links on tho south-east by part of Allotmont 0 bearing I south 30 degrees 20 minutes wcst'l chain ; and on ) the south-west by Allotment 7, bearing north r C3 degrees 40 minutes, west 2 chains 60 links. AU tint allotment, or parcel of land, sltuato, lying and being In tho said oniony of Victoria, contain ln|i by admoasuremont 1 rood, bo tho samo mora or less, sltuato in the county of Evelyn, parish of Warrandyte, Doing Allotmont No. 2 of Scctlrn 5, Warrandj to, bounded on tho north-west by Yorra streot, bearing north 80 degrees 20 minutes, east 1 chain ; on tho north-oast by Allotmont 8, bear- ing south 63 degrees 40 minutes, cast 2 chains 60 links ; on tho south-cast, by part of Allotment 4, bearing south SO degree 20minutes, west 1 chain; and on tho south-south-west by Allotment 1, bearing north 63 degrees 40 minutes, west 2 chains 60 links. All, that allotmont or parcel of land, sltuato, lyhi?, and being lu the colony of Victoria, contal nlnr by, admeasurement 1 rood, bo tho same moro or less, situate in the county of Evolyn, parish of Warrandyte, boing Allotmont No [80, Section 6, Warrandyte, hounded on the north-west hy Yarra street, bearing north 30 degrees 20 minutes, cost 1 chain ; on tho north-east by part ol Allotmoat B, bearing south 63 dogrees 40 minutes cast, 2Ü chains 60 links ; on the south-east hy part ot Allot- mont 4, bearing south 30 degrees 20 minuto), west 1 chain ;, and on tho south-west by Allot- mont 2, bearing north 63 degrees 40 minutes, west 2 chains 50 links. Together with, Tho improvements thereon. * Terms-cash. OEORGE BURNS, Sheriff's Officer. *. Sheriff's Office, Melbourne, A^ WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. Unreserved Salo of Usoful Modern Household Furni- ture, at tho rosldonco of Dr. Bowman, Russoll Btroet. ALFRED BLISS has recoived instructions from Dr. Bowman to SELL by PUBLIC TION, at his rosldenco, Russoll-strcot, on Wed- nesday, Septombor 7, at one o'clock, Tho wholo of his household furnituro, comprising-. Diningroom furnituro Drawingroom do And Bedroom furnituro. Togother with Horse and gig, harness, &o.; Torms-Cash. For unreserved salo, in consoquonco of Dr. Bow n'an's leaving for tho interior. N.B. Tho sale takes placo on the premisos, Russell Btrcet, on Wodnesday, September 7, at ono o'clock. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. To Boardlnghouso-kcopors and Parties Furnishing. T> , BYRNE will SELL by AUCTION, at lus ¡"Va rooms, Bay-streot, Sandridge, on Tuesday, September 0, at twclvo o'clock, 6 long mahogany tables O'hlgh-backcd forms, covered with balzo 12 iron bedstoadsand bedding 1 handsorno mahogany spring bedstead Lot of stretchers Chest of drawors, looking-glasses, washstands, crockery, tinware. Various othor articles suitablo olthor for a hoird Inghouso or private resldonco. ? MorctiancUao. ALBERT CARS for SALE, now and socondhand, with tho latest improvements. 47 Gortrudo Btrcct, Collingwood._-_ AMERICAN SQUARES, Frocstono, Bluostono Chisels, Mallets, Quarry Tools, Carpontors', Tarmors', Gardeners', Sawyers'. Wolstonholmo's Sheffield nouso, Bourko-street._ AT G. Pilloy's, IO tons WHITING; 60,030 pieces Paporhangings ; English Tacks, Od. 1,000 ; good Lead, 7s. 281b. Abovo ofllco of this paper. ALL buyors ohoap PAPERHANQINGS bowaro. penuino Tottonham House, 00 Quoon-streot only. Any other an imposition._ '. Queon-strcot, Tottonham Houso, 12-yards PAPERHANGINGS, 4d. ; hanging, Is. N.B. 90 Quoon-streot only._ AIBJ BEDS, Pillows, Cushions, Silk Elastic" Stockings, and Abdominal Bolts. Ford and Co., 07 Swanston-strcct._ A Splendid assortment of BUTCHERS', Farmers', and GrocorB' CARTS. Hanson, coachbuildor, 102 Littlo Bourkc-strcot east._ BRASS and COPrER, in sheets ; Block Tin, Coppor Bollors, Bottoms, Rivets, Tubing, Brass Taps, Shooi Lead, and Piping, &c.; Parties favouring with orders will observe tho address is William Robison, l18 FHndors-strcot west._ ILLIARD and BAGATELLE TABLES, largest assortment In the colony, at Poser's, 100 Llttlo Pourko-stroot east._ BILLIARD and BAQATELLE SHOW-ROOMS 80 suporlor tables to select from, Alcock and Co., 127 Russell-street._ BOOTS and SHOES, latest shipments, wholesale only, on SALE, by Beech and Callaway, '"" Ellzabcth-strcot. _ BLASTING-POWDER, largo grain, glazed, Kamoi and Melfbrt. P. Langwill- and Co., Collins and 'Elizabeth streets._ BAGATELLE and BILLIARD TABLES, Lamps, Cloths, Balls, Cues, Tips, &o.;, on SALE, 'j bornas, 142 Lonsdalo-stroot east._ BOLTINO CLOTHS, W. Blackmore and Son's patont, for dressing flour, on SALE, hy hla fole agents, Thos. Fulton and Co., Toundry Waro houso, 129 FUndors-stroet. ILLIARD-TABLES, Balls, Cuos, Cloths. Largest. assoitmont In tho colony. Poser's, 190 Littlo Bourko-street caBt._ C' ANDLES.-200 boxos French Stoariuo CANDLES ox Zuleika, slightly spotted. Kaufmann, M'Callum and Co., 122 Collins-street._ CLOCKS, for banks, railway stations, ehurehos, schools, ¡te, with dial platos from 1ft. to 3ft. across. Kyozor, olock makor to tho Government of Victoria, 46 Quoon-stroot, Molbourno, noxt door hut one to Graham s, butcher._ CROSS-OUT SAWS on SALE, by Harcourt and Learmonth, C4 Filndors-Iano west._ C10RKS, Glngorboer Bottics, Essences, Ginger, y Acids, Bottling Wax and Wire, tea. Richard Han ey, SO Littlo Collins-street cast. C1HAIR i TOPS, Backs, Sofa-scrolls and Turnod J work of ovory description, woU seasoned. Aleook and Co., 132 Russoll-strcct. _ COALS, English, colonial, and smiths. Wharf, or delivered at lowest rates. Jos. L. and O. Burke, 95 Wharf. '_ CLOCKS, 10s. ; striking, 15s. Estato of D. Honry, 31 Collins-stroot cast. OLONIAL pure gold WEDDING - RINGS, Brooches, Earrings, « Pins, Chains. Sacrifice. Henry's, 31 Collins-street._ CORKS, Bungs ; Gingor, Glngeibeor, Sodawater, Bottics ; Essoncos, Acids, Isinglass, Tinfoil. Occlcston's, 8 Little Collins- street catit. > HILD'S CAUL for SALE. Apply Mrs. Fuller, roar of oystor Bhop, 220Swanston-Btrcot. IAMOND KINGS, Broochos, Braoolots, Stud-, &c.;, SELLING much below valuo. Estato of D. Henry._ _ D"00 CARTS, Nowport Pagnols, light and strong Spring-Carts. Twycross and Sons, 10 La Trobs B'jeot. * n, ISSOLVING APPARATUS completo, Magie Phantnsinngoric Lanterns, Comic-changing Slides, Ohromatropos, Storooscopos. Pottlgrow, 10 Fllnders-lnno west. DEFLAGRAVE OIL.-3,000 gallons of this fine burning OIL for SALE. It has boen found (superior to Colza Oil, and has suporscded its uso on tho Continent of Europo. Tho undersigned recobro regular shipments from Franco, which thoy offer to tlio trade at low rates, to induco Its general consump- tion hore. Kaufmann, M'Callum, and Co. E ESTABLISHED A.D. 1800. PERFUMERY. Phillipson and Co., flower farmors and distillors of tho odoura of plants, manufacturers and refiners of scented toilotaoapa to tho Royal Family of England. Tlio unequalled manufactures' of this old-established house aro now obtnlnnblo of every chemist and vendor of fashlonablo porlumory. Thoy Invito attontion to tlulr Now pcrftitno, . LA DUOHESSE, tho most rclreshing and durable of tho day ; for the ball-room. Indispensable; In tho sick-room, invalu- able. Prlco 8s. Od. Nono genuino that has not tholr signature on tho label (entered at Stationers' Hall). Tho pomade, prlco 8s. Od. ; tho soap, Is. Gd. ; tho oil, 8s. Od. ; tile Cosmotiquo Fixatour, Is. and 2s, > Ask for Phillipson and Co.'s, tho only genuine, Budgo-row, St. Paul's, London, E.G. To Importers and Storokoopors. The undersigned, having been appointed tho cor- re spondents of the abovo old- established house, will gladly reçoive and forward for storekeepers all ordors lor their manufactures. Samples may bo soon and geneial trndo catalogues obtained of tho undersigned. DICKSON, WILLIAMS, and Co., 02 WÜllam. Btrcct._ ÏENGLISH first-class gild HUNTING PATENt' li LEVERS, £12, at Henry's, 81 Collins-stroot cast-_ NGL1SII superior HUNTING LEVER WATCHES I _£4-custJËO. 31 ColllnB-Btreot east. "IJiOlt SALE, flist-rato FURNITURE VAN, now, JO cheap. Robinson, waggon- builder, Vietorla-stroot, Iforth Melbourne_ OR SALE or HIRE, wholosalo and retail, SPRING" CARTS. 50 Hauovor-streot, Collingwood. jp, ITiOR SALE, DOGCARTS, Family Carts, now and JJ secondhand, cheap. Hanson's, 102 Littlo Bourke* (9'reot cast. 3jiOR SALE, an ALBERT CAR, nearly now. Glas ? gow Store, Errol-Btroot, North Melbourne. GASALIEBS, crystal and ground glass, largo as- sortment, most roohorcTio designs. Levy Bro- thors, 24 Bourke-street east_ J lOLD SPECIMENS, Watehos, Plato, Proeloui VJT Stonos, Guns, Pistols, miseollaneous article«, BOUGHT. I. Barnot's, 117A, Swanston-strcct. LADIES'gold WATCHES, warranted, £4-English cost, £0. Henry's, 31 Collins-street coat. LEAD PIPE. S to Inch ; Blook Tin, and Zlno, cheip. Aloxandor Hill, ironmonger, 131 Swan Ftnn-strcot. LlJNbEED OIL, boiled, in 5-galIon drums. Wllshin and Leighton, 7 Market-square. T ANOBW00D and ASH SHAFTS, Spokes, Follooi, JL. . Naves, Plough-beams, Handles, Springs, Axles Terry, 119 Russcll-streot. _ "T AW BROTHERS, CABINETMAKERS, Up" ,1 A liolstcrors, Bedstead ' and Bedding Warohou°o-i mon, Importers of English Furniture, &c;, 41 Lona dalo-strcot west, and l8 Collins-stroot east. Law Brothors, in returning thanks to tho publie I ircnorally for tho liberal patronage rooolvod during tho ' laj,t six years, now invito tholr attontion to their , largo and w oil-assorted STOCK, selected from tho ' flist English nittkors, comprising drawingroom suites in rosewood and walnut ; diningroom ditto, in morocco and hair seating i Tolcscopo Dlnlng-tables, Sideboards, Chiffonnières, Wardrobes, Clilmnoy-glussos, marble-top "Washstands, ditto Dressing-tables, brass and ¡ron. BodstcadB, with ovcry other requisito for furnishing. L, B. call particular attention to their Bedding Department. Tram tholr constant supply of curled hair they are enabled to offer Double Mattresses at £310s. : Fibro ditto, £110s. N.B. Brown's Patent Portablo Furnituro always ort Land. "pVTOW LANDED, ex Anglesea, Commodore Perry, J-l tflrid Blaok Swan, 10 casos of flrstfclass light BATS, In tho latost Btyles, on SALE, at J. QalvuVj lint warehouse, corner of Collins and Queen streets. A choice from 2,000 hats. Prices moderate. J.- G., in calling attention to the above, would at the, ramo timo wish to thank tho gentlemen of Mel Tiourno for their liberal support during tho last twa years-a support which has oncQuragednlm te import regularly one of tlio largest stocks in Molbourno, "VT APHTHA and NAPHTHA-LAMPS.-HoUiday's J-i best English SPIRIT, at greatly reduced prices, Victoria. Oil Company. "fYTEUSPAPER PROPRIETOH8. - A quantity J~\ sccondhnnd MINION TYPE, in quantities of fcuOlbs. upwards, cases. Address May, OQOoUloa Urcet cast. , "VT/EVA STEARINE CANDLES.-On SALE,-by.. li tho undersigned, genuine NEVA STEARINS CANDLES, roccivcd direct from the works ol tha Nero Stearino and Soapworks Company, St. Peters« burgh, in chests containing nine boxes of 24 1-Ib. packets each. N.B.-The label on each box bears a foe-simile ot the signature of Edward Cazalot, Esq., Managing Director of the Company. HAMILTON and SCOTT, 41 Wiiliam-stroot, JMor i kot-squaro, Molbourno. _ NOW LANDING, ox Princo Arthur, COALS, '.Maize, Bran, Spokes, TaUow Candles, Lucerne Hay., Wm. Duthie, 20 King-street._ OILS.-Pure French COLZA, for moderatour Iamp3. guaranteed genuino. Victoria OH Company, 33 Swanston-straot. OILS, Linseed and Boiled, Turps and Whitelead, as reduced prices. Victoria OH Company, 88 Swan s on-sfroet. _ _ ILS.-Clayton and Shuttlowortb's patont MA CHINERY OIL ; Belmont, Noatsfoot, andAntl fiictlon Grcaso. Vietorla Oil Company. OILS, Chinese, in 2J tins, and pure Sperm Oil, win. \ tor-strained. Victoria Oil Company._ OIL PAINT, all colours, 281b. drums, 7ewt., 4d. pee I lb. Evans, Christchurch, Bouth Yarra. OILS.-CASTOR OIL, in bulk, cases, and quarc Cottles. Victoria OH Company, 80 Swanston« str?otj _ P IT-SAWS, 0, 0}, 7 fcot, on SALE. Stacoy, Foosa, and Co., 10 Littlo Collina-street._ PLATINIZED SILVER, Platina Wiro, and Zinî flatos, on SALE. W. Ford and Co., 07 Swans ton-street. POLAR OIL, of superior quality, for SALE, by Newell, Hooper, and Stevons, 28 King-street. Q UICKSILVER, best Spanish, on SALE. Thom»! 'S. Martin and Co., SO Flinders-lano west. QUEEN'S, tho choopost mart In tho Oity for jovory description of FANCY GOODS, Per finnoiy, ice KIMMEL'S PERFUMERY.-SOAPS, Essons ., ;Violot Powder, and Perfumery of every de . crlptlon, on SALE. Lovy Brothers, Bourko-stroet. SPECTACLES, from the celebrated BorUn manu- facturer, piesorvlngtbo sight. Cohon's, opticians, Colllns-sfcroot, opposite Langwill's, Ironmongers. SUPERIOR MICROSCOPES, Toloseopes, Baro meters, Hydromotors, Stockmon's Glasses, Quad- rants, -Sextants, Theodolites, at Cohon's, opticians, Colllns-stroot. ej HOT.-Patont SHOT on SALE, by Harcourt and" k3 I Learmonth, 04 Flindors-Iano west. SHEEPWASH TOBACCO, in boxes and barrols.j loaf and pound lumps, on SALE, by Lord and Co., 80 King-street._ SPRING-OARTS for SALE, cheap. Smiths'-work, and borsc-sboolng. Fivash, Walkor, and Co., $Z Bourko-stroot. rpOBACCO, Shcopwash, Huso and Buchanan's and X Kcrr's brands. R. Towns and Co,, 20 William ? Ureot< _ TO WnEELWRIGIITS.-4,000 ironbark SPOKES, largo sizo, cheap, Thomas Wright, 143 Swan tton-streot. __^___^_ r r\ U BS, Pails, Faucets, and Broom-Handles for S AL IS, X by Newell, Hoopor, and Stovons, 28 Klng-streot. mo i PHOTOGRAPHERS_For SALE, splondid X VIEW CAMERA, taking vlows 18inchos squari ^ r. Slpan's, Jolui-stroot, Moor-stroet, Collingwood. rfU'LOR'i imported BOTTLING RACKS, for mroted X waters. Hopkinson and Co., High-stroot, Prahran. _ riIHE CONTINENTAL PATENT MATTRESS on X SALE, at tho principal upholsterers' andl ron n.ongors', and at tho Bedding Warehouso, IS La Trobe« street, opposite Menzies' Hotol. mOBACCO,-Thomas's and other celebrated brands, X in 10'B, ilbs., and twist. Now landing. On ¡?ALE, by Fishor, Rlcards, and Co., 114 Colllns-strooi nest. ; rpOBACCO, Tobacco, Tobacco, Cbiovo's Twist, la X tiorccs and half-tierces, Jib. lumpä, superior brands ; Sheepwash, In plugs and loaf, for SALE, by Lord and Co., 80 King-street._ VICTORIA CARRIAGE WORKS, 178 Collins-Btreo, east.-A largo and varied soloctlon of VEHICLES r fall designs constantly on view. Imported vehiolos for sale, on commission. Carriages built to order Irntn original designs. BRISCOE and Co. are now landing, ox Saradon, Zobooh, and Morning Light, B.B.H. crown, bar, and rod iron; O.K. clout nails, bullock-chains, tlmbor-ebatns, plough-tracoi; Winfleld's bedsteads, assorted; 20 hilda, bol lowwaro, assorted ; Iron weights, 41b. down ; tinned frying- pans, round and oval, assorted ; host Welsh oil-stones, lomp-wicks; oval tot pots, assorted ; metal alo measures, Imltatioi rim-locks, two and throo bolt, 6 and 7 inch ; chafT-cutting-machines, oat-crushers, Brisooo's heavy Bad-irons ; Sorby's glmblets ; stump, French, half-testor, and tent bedsteads, as . sorted ; doublo shear and cast steel. i sorted; brass and copper wire, patent scythei, shocpshcars, scytho-stonea, Stockholm tar British piton, gutta pordia tubing, assorted 1 tapo fuso, ash hayrakos, Wllllams's butchera' tools, saueago- fillors, powdor emery, emery cloth, school slates, FFF gunpowdor, in Jlbi. ; Hamilton's galvanised corrugatod iron, 24, 20 G., 0 and 7 fcot sheets. BRISCOE and Co., 11 Oollins-stroot east; Wm. rriseoo and Son, Wolverhompton._ CHINA, Glass, and Earthenware, ox Black Swan, Woodstock, Eclipse, and other lato arrivals, to 1 o lollowed by William Kidston, Exodus, Napoloon, Wolllleet, and Coponhagon 1,600 (ono thousand flvo hundred) crates and hogsheads of the abovo description of goods, in evory varioty, on SALE, in original paok ,, ages or repacked, in quantities to suit pur- chasers. HENRY STEWARD, importer and wholesalo ('oalor, 16 Fllnders-lano oast, opposite Messrs. Do traves' flour-mills. _ ^_" KITCHEN RANGES. Just rocolvod. 'Solf-acting Leamington, 4 to 8 feet, with hot . wator apparatus ,, Common rangos, with boilers Itcgistcr stoves, basket grates i American cooking and ball stoves. E. O. WHEELOCK, and Co., 120 Russell-street, sfga of tho Golden Stove. LORD and Co., 80 King-strcot, bave on SALE, Oysters, 1-lb. and 2-lb. 1 Lobsters, do do Tomatoes, do do Green peas, do do Strowborrios, do do Threo-hoopcd palls Double-taped luso Toast powdors Wood scoops, platform scales, cooking-stoves, ; »hipchandlory, barrows, shoepwash tobáceo, agricultural Implements, &o.; ON SALE, by tbo undersigned,- I Renault's brandy ' MorteU's dark do. Demorara rum Bass's No, 8 alo Brass's alo and porter Furzo's do. do. . Idnseed oil, boiled and raw Whitelead, in 112, 60, and 28 lb. kegs. , EDMUND WESTBY and Co. ?VTATIIANIEL HARRIS and Co. haye on SALS, i.1 and in Store, ex lato arrivals, Military and calf bluchers Colonial bradded and nailed bluchers 1 Military and artillery weUingtens and half welllngtons Calf and kip wellingtons, sprigged and plain, and, half do. Gentlemen's olastic-sido boots, calf and patent Coloniol-brnddcd wotertights Ladies' and children's cashmore boots and summer, ' shoes, in great variety ' And a largo assortment of gentlemen's summer | clothing, shirts, felt nats, groy calióos», flannels, blankets, hosiery, Jw. < i ' Tho abovo aro all now goods, and in small cases, to suit tho requirements of tho up-country trade. r Address, 30 Elisabeth-street._ ,N SALE. by tho undersigned,- | Wines, Spirits, and Beer. i Martoll's and Bazilior'sbrandy, in' bulk; Cham pogno Vineyard, Vlnegrowors', and common brandy, In case ; rum ; whisky, finest Islay, in caso ; gonova, palm-treo brand ; bittor J, . champagne, hock, claret; Guinnuss'sstout, in bulk and in bottle ; Dunpby's and Byass's j i alo. Oilmen's Stores and Groceries. Pickles, vinegar, fruits, sauces, mustard, sala I. oila ; sordines, PhiUippo and Canaud's brand ; : candios, muscatels, hams and bacon, sheep; wash tobacco, colza and Deflagravo oU, Danish oats. Sundries. Quicksilver, invoices of Deakln's platodwaro," sholloc, Indian blinds, Europo ropo. KAUFMANN, M'OALLUM, and Co., No. 122 Ool llnB-strcot. O R ALEIGHS, DAUGLISH, WHITE, and Co. nava, > on SALE, at their stores, Williaui- stroet, Brandy, French, in case Bp, U.V.P., In bulk and case Rum, Godsoll's, 10 o.p. Whisky, Stowart's Kirkliston, and M'KonzIo's, \- in caso Do, Lochindaal, Islay, in hhds. and qrs. Old tom, Burnett's, in caso, glass stoppors Fort wino, Ofiloy's, 1 and 2 dozen cases Shorry, Cosons's, and other brands Bottled beor, Marzettl's, Hibbert's, and Allsopp'*, . bottled by Friend Teas-congous, gunpowder, hyson, and young . hyson Cavondlsh tobacco, various brands \- Wothorspoon's jams and Jujubes Boots and shoes, Sharman's Bran-bags, woolpacks, 8-buahol bags P.-iltlc timber, logs, and deals \- Ollmon's stores, Lewis Watkins's Bacon, primo . - Butter, Bremnor'B and Cummins' \- Sheet lead Galvanisod Iron .' Ale, Bass's No. 8. STERLING SILVER.-BRUSHand MACDONNELL invite attontion to their now and magnificent btock of SILVER PLATE, containing overy article required for the table and sideboard, all beating tha London hall-mark : Rich and olegantly chased tea and coffee services Silver eporgnes and candelabros Do. spoons and forks, all patterns Do. salvers, all sizes, from £10 to £100 A splendid assortment of présentation plate, eon slating of clarotrjugs and cups, of all BIZOI ' and prices, from £2 10s. to £120 -. . Children's birth-day presents of silver muss, pap boatB, feeding-spoons, knives and forks ia casos, silver trowels' for laying foundation \- stones, &o.; - S3 Collins-street, Melbourne; and 828 George» street, Sydney. I) OWNIE and MURPHY, 3 Queon-stroot, have on SALE, now landing, ex sundry ships, --.' Port wine, singlo diamond Bruno Silva's port wine, double and quadruple diamond Tale sherry, doublo diamond U. V. P. Co.'s brandy, In bulk, dark and palo Blandy, in case, Honncssy's and United Vineyard Co.'s. Byass's porter and MoaMn's ale, bottled by Duck- worth Case geneva, Y. H. and Co., wholo and hal casos West India rum, 10 and 80 p. o. o.p. ' Tobacco, ShoUard'sand Barrett's twist Gouda chceso Price's candios J Mauritius sugars (crystals) Patna rico Flour-Adelaldo, Chillan, and Gallego and Haxall Sinclair's hams and bacon Sheet lead, and hoop and bar iron 8 bushel bags, boots, Dawson s, Invoice, Jto. Calcutta oats._ I "RON YARD, 246 Elizabeth-street, next St. John's Church Bar and rod iron, BBH crown, monthly ship« monts, anglo iron Sheet and hoon iron, boilor platos Steel-cast, blister, shear, and spring Horse-nails, anvils, bellows, sledge and hand hammers Galvanised plain and corrugated iron Spouting, ridging, down-pipo, &o.; Wiro fencing, plain and galvanised Black and galvanised wiro notting, 1J to 4 feet ' j wido Axlo arms and boxes, axlo blocks, "Carron" boxos Shoet-load, 4, 5, 6 lb. Sheet-zinc Lead piping Horse-shoes-light, medium, and heavy Pig-iron, kentledge, coko. BRISCOE and Co., 11 Collins-stroot east; WM, BRISCOE and SON, Wolverhampton._ JOSEPHS, L NGDON, and Co. havo now land- ing. Brandy, U. Vineyard's and Honnossy's British brandy Kum, 10 and 30 o.p. Pert wino, hhds. and quarters Sherry, palo, in quarters Bottled beor, Byass's Old tom, In caso Crystals soda Shell-almonds Champagne Moct's Jams, Grosso and Blaokwoll's Glngor, Jamaica and African. 55 Little Collins-Btreot east. SI X TY TONS SHEET LEAD,8to7Ibs : 80 do shoot zinc. Nos. 0 and 10. 16 do. do., do., slightly damaged. Horwood. andTuppor's galvanised plain Iron, 20 and 28 gaugoa. Tin plates, coko, and charcoal. Tuppor's galvaniBod corrugated iron, 0 and 7 feet lengths. Scotch do. do., 0 to 8 do. Morewood s and Tuppor's tiles. N.ails, sorows, rlvots, and washers. Carron Yord, 72 Fllndors-lano east, TJO SOLICITORS. Adamson's Acts of Council, vol. 8. Brief papor, ruled and waterlincd Draft papor Ruled paper, for looses, &o.; Official onvolopes Do. wafers, for deeds and ofllco seals Sealing-wax, quill pens Gtllott's and Mitchell's stool cons Parchmont, with or without heading Parchment momorlals Red tape, green and blue ribbon Sewing silk, runners, &c.; , Embossing presses, dios out to ordor, and enve- lopes stamped to any pattern. JAMES J. BLUNDELL and Co., 44 Colllns-streofc west._ TO ENGINEERS and SMITHS.-Now landing, ox Morning Light, Round iron, 1 to 8 inch Shafting do., 4 to 7 inch Heavy flat do., 2 to 4 inches wldo x ljto 1| thiele Angle and T iron, 2J to 5 inches. CAIRNS, WILSON, and AMOS, Carron Yard. WESTGARTH, ROSS and SPOWERS have on SALE, at tholr stores, 31 Markot-Btroet,-? Alo, bulk, Jeffrey's and Berwick's Brandy, Honnossy's palo, hhds. and case Whisky, M'Farlano'a silent, 10aud25o.p>. Whisky, In coso . Sherry, Burdon's, hhds., qr.-casks, octavos, & case Dp., Saudcman's, hhds., qr,-casks, and octaves Pjbrt do., in do. Do. Graham's, in do. Olaret, N. Johnston and Son s, In 1-dozen cases Ohampagno, in quarts and pints, ginger wine ¡^8} Hock, Dolnhard and Jordan's, sparkling and stil ' ' Mosollo, do, sparkling Bitters, Leslie and Co.'s Now York, in quarts, pints, and half-pints Confectionery, Wotherspoon's and Gray's, assorted Jams, Wotherspoon's, in 1-lb jars Marmalade, Wotherspoon's, hi 1-lb tins Pickles, saúcos, esc., Copeland and Co.'s. Fancy soap, solublo blue, vinegar, table-salt Mustard-Evans, Lowis, and Co.'s, In hulk and bottle Herrines, carbonate soda, oats, oatmeal Linseed oil, in drums, raw and boiled jCod-llvcr oil, hompsoed, alum, corks China and eaithonwaro, assorted, Copoland's Calival, tarpaulins, woolpacks, floor-cloth Corn-sacks, bran-bags, ore-bags, 1-bushol oat-hags Table-covers, fiannols, imitation Welsh, electoral, Cordage, assorted ; seaming and roping twine Boots and shoos, saddlory, assorted, soda crystals Glassware, plate-glass, brushwaro, pavement j Stationery, brown papor, BiblcB, Church Sorvloes Tobacco-pipes, variety : oak boards, veneers White and red load, paints, glue, &o.; Flour-mill, hydraulic wool-press, flooring-boards Printing-machine, bone- mills, sifters Sodawator-machinos, driving apparatus Smut-maohines, Crimea's patent, llftlng-jaok . Cart stoelyards, w?lgbfng-boams and spanners Sloam-onginos, olght to 26 horse power Stcam-engino bollors, funnels, steam and water gauges, pumping and winding gear Eorsenails and countersunk clout nails, Walker's Blvots and washers, coopors' rivets Patent axles, axlo arms and blocks, crab winches Chains, assorted ; balustors Bedsteads, and olectro-platcd wore Tin-plates, fonclng-wiro, zinc, camp ovens Iron, Morewood's plain and corrugated. io ARmvs. Ale, Berwick's and Knox's, woolpacks Confectionery, oilmen's stores, herrings, oiorots Steam-engines, shoot-lead, wiro, sacks. Froduco, Provisions. otc ADELAIDE BUTTER. - Primo Bainples landing '.every boat, ox City of Sydney and Havilah. Hardy and Co., Westorn Market._ ADELAIDE FLOUR, Magaroy's Crown Mills, Hart's, Booby's, and other good brands ; also Bran. Henriquos Brothors, 53 WUltam-streot._ DELAIDE FLOUR, 60 tons, on SALE, stored at Wahgunyah, Murray Rivor. diaries Watson, IO Flinders-lane west._ ADELAIDE soconda FLOUR, Buperior quality, on iSALE. W. Lawrance, iSj WllUam-street. ADELAIDE FLOUR and BRAN on SALE. W. ' Lawrance, 43J- Wllllam-atreet. _ B RAN.-Adolaldo BRAN on SALE. W. Lawrance, 43} Willlam-sa-eet._ B U TTER, Uno now ' grass, per Morning Light. Lorimer, Mackie, and Co., 122 Collins-street. B "O UTTER, primo Hobart Town, on BALE, just .D landed ox North Star. John Wilson, 69 Flin dcra-strcet wcBt._ AltLEY, 0,000 bushels Californian, suporior, i for SALE, by Lord and Co., 30 Klng-streot. OCOANUTS.-For SALE, 5,000 CÖCOÄNUTS" Apply on board barque Peony, at Sandridge) Town Pier; or Graham, Sands, and Co., 118 Collins street. C1A&ROTS; and ONIONS, Hobart Town, a suporior / lot just landing and on SALE. John Wilson, 60 Flinders-street weat._ C1IIAFJ?, cut and siovod by Bteam power, delivered^ /-atlowostrates. Wm, Morloy, Bay-strcot, Sand, ridge. "_l CRUSHED LOAF SUGAR, a very fine samplo, cheap. Wm. Peterson and Co., ISO Elizabeth, street'. _ LEME FIGS, Normandy Pippins, KeiUer's Jam,' and Confectionary ; Valentia, Sultana, and Mus1 eitel - Raisins ; Currants in tins, soft-shell Almonds) Prunes in casks, Maco, Gingor, Rimmel'B Perfumery, ? Lint, SoidUtz Powdors, Flour Sulphur. H. W. Farrar1 and Go., Bourke-streot west - ! T FOWLS' and HORSE FEED.-Best Chil BARLEY, 4s. Cd. per busliol of 50 lb. Thor. Wright, 143 Swanston-strcot. F iLO UR, Tasmanian, all brands, on SALE. William Baylos and Co., 07 ColUns-streot. "1ALOUR, Oats, and Malt (Tasmanian) on SALE. J ? J. P. Dalrymple, 69 Filndora- atroot Vost. /~1 RAM.-Bhoot GRAM, landing o\ Peony, quail y KX Dnost ovor imported. Graham, Sands, and Co, t.'olllns-strcct. j i ENUINE SEEDS, of every description, at re \X duccd rates. Wm. M'Donald, seedsman, 128 Bourko-strcot east. /"A RAIN CRUSHED, shortest notico and lowest KX prico. Leo, saw-mill, behind Post-offlce, Llttlo Bourko-streot. /"*.< RAM, fino samplo, on SALE. W. Lawrance, 481 »J Williain-streot. LING FISH, In 1-cwt. cases, now landing. Lorunor Mackie, and Co., 122 Collins-street west. ' TMTAIZE, Maize, Maize. Carriers supplied cheaper JLTA than town prices. Thomas Wright, Fie mg lon-road, near Woighbridge._m MALT, fresh landod, and best samples in tbi market, for SALE. William Crosby and Co., 2 Flinders-lane cast. 31' ALT, best English, on SALE. Twycrosa and Sons, 19 La Trobo-strcot. CA1ZE, a primo parcel, on SALE, now landing. W. Lawrance, 43} Willlam-atreot. O NIONS, Onions, best samples, on SALE. T. Peak, Western Market. 33UTATOES, Potatoes, on SALE. Fallenstoin au J . M'Kcchnoy, corner of Bond and Flinders streets. r»OTATOES.-A vory uno aamplo Hobart Town POTATOES landing tilla day, at Rallw.iy. V lilttingbam Brothers, 55 Flinders- street. 1J OTA TOES, prime samples Brown's River, Circular Head, ana Warrnambool, on SALE. Thom;» Wright, 143 SwaUBton-atreot. TJiOTAlOES, Warrnambool and Circular Head, ox JL ccllent samples, direct from tho grower. John Wilson, 69 Flinders-street west. POTATOES, Circular Head, splondld sample, now landing ex Mary Stewart. B, Simpson, importer* 81 Fllnders-8treot, Wharf._ OTATOES,-Best SEED, Brown's River. forBALE~ FaUonstein and M'Kochnoy, comer of Bond an L Flinders streets. POTATOES, far cows or pigs, guaranteed sound ' i on SALE, cheap, at R. Simpson's, 81 Flindora«¡ streot, wharf. , IJlOE. Rice. Rico.-To Poultrymon, Plgkooporav A/ Butehors, and Othors.-200 tons damaged Patniw RlqE on SALE, at tho stores of Mr. Moss, 1135 Fllndors-lano east. And 10 tons of Spun-Yarn ; anoï, 1,000 bags Hayes's and Irish oats. "DI1CE, Patnn, finest samples in market, 1-owt. XV hags, on SALE. Sutherland and BaUey, 61 Flirjuors-str.ect._ "03CE, Carolina, superior sami .j, all- sizodpackagcay 11 always on SALE. Sutherland and Bailey, S, Flinders-street._¡ "ALT, 50 tons coarse, 20 do fine. Wm. Peterson! I' and Co., 180 Elizabotli-strcot. S: OIÎEDS, Agricultural, Farm, and Gardon, every dor jo '< scription. J. N. Roynolds, Victoria Seed Store^ 40 SVanston-streot. s: M1TH and ADAMSON, Wnolesalo.and Retail Hur«' *j 'sorymon, Seodsmon, and FIorUta.'Tl'CoUIns-streaö west, Molbourno, would draw attention to their STOCK of KITCHEN and FLOWER GARDE», SEEDS, which havo been saved with the greatest care J andí can bo rccoinmoudod with confidence. Agricul- tural seeds, among which their clovei s, lucerne, rye» gross, tares, &e.;, cannot be surpassed. AustralLui trco'j and shrub seeds caroiuUy packed for foreign, transmission. Fruit-trees, ornamental treos and slirqbB, florists plants, bulbs, &c.; Tho fourth edition of the Australian Garaonor now ready. Gardons lali^ mitpnrt furnished_ ALT, coarso and fino, Liverpool, constantly ont 11 SALE. Joseph S. Joseph, 13 Elizabeth-street: soutft._ URNIPS, hi primo condition, on SALK Jl j Hcmphlliond Co., 01 Queen-street. TEAS, Tea, oxCoursor, in chests, Nos. 8 and 9 J on SALE. E. F. Sichol and Co., 20 Flindors lano¡wcst._^_ tXfM. M'DONALD, wholesale and retail seedsman^ v« 128 Bourke-stroot east, bogs to call atten- tion) to his Btock of GARDEN and FARM SEEDS,, Milich aro second to nono in this country, Fruit-tree«, and 4hrubs at reduced rates. NJB.-Experienced gardeners rocommonded. S Building Material». ASH, oak, and hickory PLANKING, 1 Inch to J inches Baltic logs, deals, and battens. American clear pino, T. and G. flooring, shelving.? Deals, whito-plno logs, pitch-plno flooring. Oregon, from 1 to 4 in., planking, in logs, IO x 10) \ to 10 x 10, up to 70 feet in length. folonial hardwood, all sizes, sawn, hewn, anot split. ' Now Zealand Kauri pino. ijoinors' work, colonial and imported, or modo to. 1 order-mouldings, architraves, and skirtings. Sheot load, slates, and fire-bricks, flagging Marblo and cnamollod slate chlmnoyplecos i Builders' ironmongery, galvanised and corrugatedC 4 iron English and Scotch zinc, plain and galvanised t water-pipes. Hoppers and shoes, ridge-capping. Tho whole of our business has boon removed to our? inew'steam sawing, planing, and moulding mills and. thnfibr-yards, Collins-street and Flinders-lone west» noarfy opposito to the Railway Terminus. . EDMUND WESTBY and Co., Melbourne ÖPHALTE LAID, guaranteed Dest quality anot ( workmanship, from 6s. to 8s. 6d per suporflciai jardi Office-British Oil Company, 100 Swanston« street. ASPHALTING, best that can bo laid, voriout ) prices. Milno and Co., 24 Collins-street west. A SHOP-FRONT forSALE,Includingdoor,wtndow_ ixïîvvith shutters complote, choap. 89 Hanover-. strool, Collingwood._ CEDAR, Huon and Kaurio pino Boards, well soa Î soned, all dlroonslona. Alcock and Co., 18ft JlussJU-stroot»_ CHEAPEST ROOFING in MELBOURNE.-OOR ÍRUGATKD GALVANISED IRON, J626 per ton. ! Macgeergo's, Elizaheth-btroot north, near uni- versity ._1 CHEAP ROOFING.—CORRUGATED IRON, 2s. per sheet. Hughes and Harvy, 100 Little Bourke-street east. CARLTON SAW-MILLS, Elizabeth-street north.— I On SALE, DOORS, windows, architraves. skirting, deals, flooringboards, weatherboards» ' uinlior, cedar, slates,) and galvanised iron, cheap. i W. Smith and Co.___ ¡TÄ it 5 Ö Ñ Y Ä" B tT0 '¡7Î Flinders-lane, and 55 Flindors-street east ; 121 to 123 La Trobe, and 118 to 122 Little Lonsdale« streels west. _ CARPENTERS' AND JOINERS'MATERIAL. Loltlc, Oregon, hardwood and cedar logs : deals i' and battons (solid ond cut); codar in board. } American clear pine, grooved and ongueA ¡ whito and pitch pine ¡Scotch boards, grooved 1 and tongued, Ox*,?, 1, and 1J inch ; lining: 1 and weather boards, hard and soft wood qunr j terlng, Joistlng, - planking, battens, ant < pickets; shingles, and Mersey palings. Hall, inside, sash, and casement doors sashes, i windows complete, architraves, moulds. I skirting-boards and mantolptcecs in cedar ( Blato, and marble ; turnery, n cedar and deal. SLATERS' AND PLUMBERS' MATERIAL. Bangor slates, deal battens, and composition ! nails ; sheet lead, sheet zinc, tin platea } (charcoal and coko) ; Morewood's and Tnp l per's plain galvanised iron, 26 and 28 gauges ; J corrugated galvanised iron, 10, 22, 24, and 201 . gaugoa ; spouting, piping, and] ridge-cap ! tiles. i PLASTERERS' MATERIAL. Lime (rocho and slacked), laths, hair; Bonum Í Portland, and Parian cements; plaaterof Faris. LAOKSMITHS' AND WHEELWRIGHTS' MATERIAL, od, bar, Bheet, plate and hoopiron ; cast, blister,' ! and shear steel ; axles and axle-mould«, * Carron boxes, patont mall axles and springs; 5 shear-plates and mould-boards, horse-shoes; « red, blue, and flooded gum felloes ; iron-baric J and blackwoodspokos ; applo-treo naves, bluo igum and iron-bark shafts and poles; hard wood and Kaurio hoards ; bolte and nuts, bolt points, anvils, vyces and swage- blocks, paints and oils. IRONMONGERY AND PAINTS. fwhank's patent American and English cut nails floor and joiners' brads, hinges, locks, Berowra i &c.; ; whitelead/ oils, turps, colors, glass . f putty, brushes, and tools. . t FOUNDERS' MATERIAL. Pig-iron, kentledge, and coal-dust ; and to arrive, i English coko and ground- wood charcoal. ENSINEEUS' AND CONTRACTORS' MATERIAL, Anglo T shafting, plato and shootiron,sevon-horaa: J powor fixed Horizontal engino and boiler, r portablo onglnes of 10 and 12 horse powor. \- 20-horso powor boiler with fittings, log % frame, travelling rack-bench, doal-lramo, clr i cular-saw table, screw-jacks, punchlng-mt { chines', eotton-wasto, machine oil, water-pipes, . Derrick cranes (2J to 4 tons), quarry crane). 1 crab winches, earth and quarry picks; sledge, ' spalllng, and knapping hammers ; jumper« j and crowbars, cast stool mashes, ohisels auf i axes, nawlo-barrows and dobbin-carts, pow I dor and fuso. To arrivo-fixed horizontal , engines, 10 to 20 horso powor. . SUNDRIES. Fire-bricks and fire-clay, pavement, hearthstones', , i sow orage-pipes, iron columns, American. , 'liolats, bridlo-posts, field-gates, ploughs, thrashing-machines, and woigbbridges. Contracts undertaken and promptly executed for < the supply of piles, beams, CAIRNS. WILSON, and AMOS._ FOR SALE, by 0. and J. Smith, Collingwood Saw Mills, Albert-street,-CEDAR, in lag and board; Baltic and pitch pino logs, lumber, Scotch flooring, deals, cloar pine, doors. saBhos, galvanised Iron, architraves, moulding, skirting, &c.; Timber being; under cover, is dry and light for carriage. _ IlñVE HUNDRED THOUSAND WEATHER ? BOARDS, Lining, Quartering, Paling, Cedar. da., to bo SOLD, cheap. Wood's Steam Sawmill, Smith-street, Collingwood._ FLOORING, 6x11 red G. and T. A sound parcel, very cheap. Fitzgerald's, Swan-street, Rich. mondj and Wharf._ GEELONG and HEADS ROCHE LIME, landing daily. Blair and Co., 91 Flinders-lane west. IRON FIRE-PLACES, superior to brick, 12 foot high, £1 each. 41 Little Bourke-street east. IRON FENCING, Hurdles, Gates, and Palisading, made to order. Victoria Works, Dudley-street, North Melbourne, Enoch Hughes, proprietor. Draw- ings sent free on application. MARBLE CHIMNEYPIECES, Stove Grates, &c.; —THORNTON and Co. beg to notify that they loavo.tho premises now occupied by thom at 62 Col- lins-stroot east, on Saturday, the 17th of Soptomber, so thoy aro now offering tholr magnificent stock of CHIMNEYPIECES and GRATES, as well aathoir goneral assortment of Furnishing Ironmongery goods, at much below cost prices. Purchasers will save ab least 25 por cent. Observe tho address-Thornton and Co., 62 Collins ttrcot cast._ PALINGS, Joists, Doors, Sashes, Quartering, Posts, , Rails, Battens. Macgeorges timber-yard, Eliza- beth-street north, ucar University. . , C LATÉS/bost Bingor, 24 x 12 and 20 x10, landing. ' O_Gregory's timber-yard, Wllliam-atreot._ ; rp WO HUNDRED THOUSAND FEET Scotch X FLOORING-BOARDS, 50,000 feet Weather- boards Macgeorgo's timber-yard, Elizaboth-strooU north,' near University._ TIMBER cheaper than over. Deal Quartering, very cheap. Hardwood, Joists, Battens, Quar t i Ing, broad and narrow Palings, at greatly reducod. íatcs. Thomas Austin, 22 King-street. TIMBER -Tho undersigned beg to inform builders, Ac , that ho is SELLING OFF remainder ot his SI O CK, at wholesale prices, In lots to suit pur- chasers 8,000 deals, red and white 60,000 foot Scotch flooring, } to 1J x 0 00 000 do T. and G. pitch pine flooring 2,000 doors and sashes, all sizes Clear pine weather and lining boards, quar- tering, &c.; T. and G. lumbor, moulding, architraves, cVc. Also, The freehold property, used as timber-yard, D. OWEN, »'Beckett-street cas«? WATER" PIPES.-To arrive, per State of France 80 tons of WATER-PIPES, spigot acd faucet joint Calms, WilBon, and Amos, Carron Yard. WOULDHAM'S patent PORTLAND CEMENT 600 barrols, heap. Blair and Co.. 91 Flinders«' 