SYDNEY. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Thursday, 4 p.m. POLITICAL. Mr. Martin's Committee were not quite quick enough with their report, on the censure of tile Attorney-General. 'That document has just been issued, when.there is no parliament to present it to; ant there is a public to pronounce judgment, and I apprehend that any who take the trouble to read the sixty-four pages of foolscap that contain the evidence, will be puzzled to understandhow the page and a hilf of thle IReport is arrivedtat. The evidence gaoosu to show that tlhe present Attorney.General, having a renmarkably high professional reputation, amongst the leading lawyers in England, was com- potent for his ppointmnet, and that lr. Somnerville, though somsewhat nervones in making his first up pea?ratce as a Crown P'rosecutor, had distiniguished himself in his naeadeaicetl courses, Ihad studied under .profdssisnal mat of euinancee, and was consoequeoltly, ·a barrister who, primao fScie, might Ihave been en trusted by anybody withl thle duty imposed upon him. From those promisies tile Ciosittoet dedulce the oxtraordluary conclosion that tilte Attorney .ieneral's conduct in making the appointment was inexonsablel Nobody says that Madgwickl ought to .have boon.convicted. Nobody says that Mr. Som ,morville.was incompetent. Yet tuhe Report says that Mr. Bayley deserves censare, fr appouiting a prosecutor who coald not convict Madgwiok! I Isow nothing of the Attorney. General. but ahotld .tlinkethat sech a tepur t, ppentledl to such nvidesce, noust ha inite a triumph fur him. Miscellaneous. d?'V'.u.?!n l't hearsd already of the terrible aeci ot t ollo oU os 1osa.j. 5,, ' - 'itelsncest from Pitt-stroet was n osohmae tI' h. . . nephew of the celebrsted tLousstou.aroscnaut), i.itl' Mr. Wardell. Thefirst oftheso sled already made 1t3 ascents in England, and elsewhere; the latter, lwho is ,the son of a weli.known Vashlall blalhonist, had oslly made two. After hovering over thie city for some time, they'were ohliged to descend in thie yardt tof the Woolpack Insi, in tihe Iaymarket, nld heore, whileothe gas was being expIelled. from tie blloon, sne of tihe lookers-on threw aaidse a lighted match, wlich igsited the as, causis vseoveral persons to . a. .sosiUteis,III I itileoblllo tn Itself to be -ensumen in aflash offire. Althlo~ h Lsbouths a d?Zoi persous.wore injured by bleing scorcheds, Usd tram plud upon in tile rushI, no fatal rTcsIlts have followed. .Tse balloon was the property of Messrs. Green and Brown,.for whom a ubsoeription list is opened-a .meeuing.having been helt last nighit for tihat pucr pose. SOn Touesday evenin the now Teminperanco Hall in Ritf-strect was formn'ly opened, Sir Alfred Stophenl taking tie ehaii. T'iis cummodcious building, calon Inted to hold about 750 people, has beecn cmletpted at a cost of £2,600, only £400 of whichl remains to be 'collected, as £1200 ihas been subscribedt, andt '£100o.granted from the Troeasury. Ot the present ''occasiontthe hall was crowded with visitors, acd tihe .meeotitg waso.uaddressoed in the course of tie evoening 'by the chairman, Dr. Woolloy, and the Iteos. hMessru. MansField, Iroaside. Bonazloy, Stanley, IMr. J. Ii. Plusnkett, and .other gentlemen. On Wodnesdnay there was a soitie.iit fisthser celebrution of the open iing, and all went ofl well. .In the case of Mr. John Garsed, convicled at last Central CHiminal Court of fraudulent insuolveoncy, n argsument cas,-on Tucesda', heard before the Court in lBanco,.tho result ofslsohh is that .tho.conviction is confirmed. At the same sitlicig, an appeal was ,hbar ,fr.cm Mr. Davie, echo some time basis wascon viuted by the lPenritih Benoch.of selling spirits in that laistrict when he had merely ldespatched themi from 'is own publio house at the Park Ilnts according to order. 'This conviction was quoshed. In the early part of September.last5 a fruit dealer, snamed Duffy, was stopped on the Parramatta road by a man armed with a pistol, whostoolk him into the .bash, robbed him of £4, and, after strippingi him, .left him tied to a tree. .At th Water tPolice-court, on Tuesday, a man named Hullgh Macklentio was positively itentiied by Daffy anr the robber, acid was 'committed to take bis trial at the neat Central Criminal Court. Although no olibicouldboproved, the prisoner received an excellent clnharacteor from -several persons, and, as there was evidently some * doubt as to the accuracy of Duffyl'a identihication, " lsackeonio was allowed hail. One of the lascars injured by the boiler explosion, at Waterview Bay, has since died. A coroner's in quest was held on Tuesday whlen tho jury found S4hat death wue caused by the explosion ot the boiler, throuhi an insufficiency of water il it No blame was openly attached to anybody, but it is plain that the men were ignoraunt of the dansgers that they ought td have been able to have guarded against. On Satarday uight last Inspector Singleton con :trived"-to pounce upon a low gambling house icc * Dritisrt.trt hrer he found the owner, Johnson, acid several notorious gamblers, playing at dice for .aony. Johnson has been committed for trial, and ncthe six others found present have been lined £5 and •costs. Michael Arlkwrighlt and Robert Lnndallhavo been Ssent to trial for robbing Mrs. lMeocher, publican, of Dowling-street of £40 and scmao jewelleTry, by breaisng open a desk in a parlour, where they sat drinking. S A young wonman named Emmlan Gaunson has also been 'committed for trial. She gave birth to a chlld in the Sydney Benevolent Asylum, and was after wards seen to deposit it near Dr. Gwynno's residence, at Parraimnatta. whence it was taken to the Orphan "d School, where it died a few days afterwards. The tprsonernssly defeacewas, that she' was 'unable to mainaint the chiihl, : The machinery of the Botany Water Workls was 55:'at into operation on Monday, and was foueid to tao; hae bundaut power to force the water up the ' t mains. .... ::The immigrant ship hl'elington has now been re dfrdmd nrnitinLe, and brought up to Sydney. . The annual licensing sessions commencetd on Me.n with no less tlian 497 applicants for publicans' eses for Sydney alone. This significant fiet 'icd a text for several of the speakers at the "Tom rance Hall., By Yalier flood, whlich sailed for London on 'onda the Mov. Father Rocihe, a much esteemed ,;j',clh?yan of the Roman Catholie Church, and who i,'jaiocnfor fourteen years procureur of the Miarist '?,nissiois in the South Seas, took his 'departure. The k::,c.fath'as is on his way to France.... ' o;'; &usn; N4arlow, a man whi was lately in good cir 'Otnmtances, and kept a public-house in Princes eiebf'dioaa suddenly of apoplexy, on Saturday, rs ewhoI habits of continued intemporance. The steamer Graflon, on Monday, brought up 436 ounces of gold from the Clarence River. With reference to the setLtlement of the case De- vine v. Wilson, Mr. Devino has written to the Herald denying the accuracy of that statement. 1Ie says that he has settled with Mr. Robey and others, but that tile great bult of the Newtown property remains subject to renewed disnlpute. The )Danish bhip Croyline, arrived yesterday from San FranciscJ, reports tlhat the chief nmate, Mr. Christian, fell overboard at sea, on the 31st ulltimo, and that, though a life-buoy wa~us thrown over, he was drowned. There is a di~icullty ill carrying out thle wislhes of the GoverInment, with reference to the stoppage of pIroscuJtiJons against publicans for having Lback en trances to tlheir houses. Pendling the alteration of the law, as 1 before menltioned, the Government haIve resolved to remit any finesl imposedl, but as tile landlordl of the CafJ looks upon tile keeper of Poell man's lhotel as a rival, anml some otlhers regard -Tolano, occupant of tile new hotel, near tile 1'rince of Walesr e heatre, in tILe same lilht, the layers of informations in these eases refuse to withdramw tleom. Mr. Solicitor Cory lhaving said sometlhing offensive to Mr. Forbes, thie Police Magistrate, tlhe latter re fused to hear him in court unJil ohe Ipologizedl. Mr. Cory broughtl tils case heforo the Supreme Court, and Mr. Justice MIilfimrd rules that Mr. Forbces was in the right. A case of "hocussing" was before the police court yesterday. Thomas Rogers was foolish enough to go with one George Davis to a house where William Hodgin and Sarah Ann Ashworth resided, in Druitt-street, and there drunk rum till all was literally blue before his eyes, when he fell asleep, and awoke to find that he had been " ho- cussed" and robbed of four £1o notes. Davis, Hodgin, and Ashworth were committed. [PER ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH] Friday night. A rio broke oult last night at Mr. Ellis's grocery store, George-street. To premoises are complotoly guslted. The origin of the fire is unsinsown. but in volved in suspicion. Mary Anne Perry's sentence has boeen commuted to fifteen years penal servitude. No tidings yet of the mail steamer. COMMERCIAL. At lfort's sale yosterdsy, 114 bales of wool were sold. Prices remain unaltered. 