ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION Mr. W. HAUMiLL-At Coles Wharf Congou and orange pekoe tea damaged) At Fulton a Stores, Flinders street- Patna rice issues, Messrs EDWARD ROW and Co -At their yards, Bourke street Horses and spring cart -with Mr H A COFFEY-On the Australian Wharf Assort- ment of timber Mr S' _^fXANDEB - On the ground, Victoria street, North Melbourne Allotments of land Messrs BEAUCHAMP. BROTHERS -At 88 Collins-street -cSîrTMr J J ¥°n?. stock of furniture, brass 2 and iron bedsteads, floorcloth, carpets, uphol- ' every goods, cedar, piano, c Messrs SYMONS and PERRY-At their rooms, Collins atreot-Building allotment, Beach, and cottage residence, Argyle-street, St Kilda, stock of books and stationery of Mr Nichols, Lotto B diaries Mr N KINSMAN -At premises, Lonsdale Street east ! \- Household furniture c Messrs W EASEY and Co -At their rooms, Collins street Otard s brandy, port wine, matches, whiting, fruits, old tom, candles, ale and stout, claret " oilmen's stores, geneva, Californian and Scotch" oats, rice, also wines spirits ale porter, c On the Railway Platform Flinders-street Rice spilt peas, grain, ex Fairlight. store FRASER and COHEN -At their rooms, Collins street Tartaric acid, tobacco, rosin, dried apples -mackerel, salmon, ex store, lobsters, are , ex Klobei' SIr. ZOIIRAB-At Railway Hotel Swan street, Rich _jnond-rurnituro, wines, spirits, beer, and effects KEW. J LOTHERINGTON - AtHawloy s yards, Bourke street Working bullocks, dray and Lear also horses b ' Mr "WILLIAM HURST -At Kirk's Bazaar White bull Abbas Pacha Mrs J "LONG -On 'the premises, Prahran streets Gardiner s Creek road Brick house and land Messrs DOUGHARTY and Co -At their yards, Bourke -street Broken and unbroken horses Messrs GEORGE THOMAS and Co -At the New Dock Cargo of hardwood ox Commerce Smuuprs SALE At the Supreme Court Hotel Right to cattle and horses Sales by Auction. THIS DAY At Colon Wharf At Eleven o clock 152 Chests Congou Tea 843 Half chests Do 102 Boxes Do 48 Boxes Scented Orange Pekoe Tea More or Less Damaged and Broken Ex Alliance from Macao HAMMER! has received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, J bio s Wharf, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 152 chests congou tea -14 half chests do 100 boxes do 48 do scented orange pekoe tea, t More or less damaged and broken, Ex Alliance, from Macao i Sold for account of whom it may concern Terms Cash A deposit to be paid on the fall of the hammer ' Observe- Cole's Wharf Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock THIS DAY At the Stores of Messrs Thomas Fulton and Co, Flinders street 780 Bags Patna Rice each lest, one of the finest Samples in the market After the Sale of Damaged Tea ex Alliance To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others WHAMMILL has received instructions to v SELL by AUCTION at the stores of Messrs Thomas Fulton and Co , Flinders street, on Thursday, December 8 at eleven o'clock, After the sale at Cole's Wharf of damaged tea, ex Alliance, R T. and Co 500 bags Patna rice, each lent One of the finest samples in the market Terms at Sole THIS DAY Horse and Spring Cart I In the Insolvent Estate of King, Brothers and Co. EDWARD ROW and Co are instructed by A Laing, Esq Official Assignee in the above estate, to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards, Bourke street, on Thursday, December 8, at twelve o clock, A first-rate bay horse, thoroughly Blanch to a ton or more, with an excellent spring cart No Reserve MONDAY, DECEMBER 12 important to Railway Contractors, Browors, Farmers, and Others Sale of Cart Horses. EDWARD ROW and Co are instructed by a is Mr James M Kenzie, in consequence of the corn section of his contracts, to OFFER for PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their yards, Bourke street, on Monday, December 12, The whole of his first class cart horses 30 head There never was a better opportunity of procuring prime horses in Melbourne than the present, this lot being unequalled in the colony for size, power, and action They are thoroughly sound and of a mild and li net ohio temper, in short, possessing all the qualities to render them perfect cart and farm horses They will be sold without reserve, together with all the drays and harness. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16 Sale of Imported Sheep and Bulls, Horses, Dairy Cattle, Hay, Household Furniture, Carriages, etc , At Mount Ridley, Kinlochewe, The Residence of F R Godfrey, Esq EDWARD ROW and Co are instructed by the proprietor, F R Godfrey, Esq (in consequence of of his Dome about to leave for England by the Copenhagen) to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Mount Ridley, Kinlochewe 17 miles from Melbourne, in the Sydney road, on Thursday, December 15, at eleven o clock, 40 imported prize sheep, comprising Merino, J. Cheviot, Dartmoor, Cotswold, and South- down broods 2 imported short-horn bulls- And Some Victorian bred bulls Entire cart horse, a sure foal getter 30 horses (draught, saddle, and harness) And Several colts and fillies Pigs and poultry 20 hives of bees About 100 tons of now hay, just stacked under splendid iron roofed shed About 20 tons of last year's hay A herd of good dairy cattle, many in milk , Harness, double, single, and tandem. , ' Also, a ThO household furniture Carriage Dogcart American buggy, on Catalogues will be ready in a few days, and may be had at the office of the auctioneers THIS DAY At Eleven o'clock Van Diemen's Land Timber. On the Australian Wharf Ex Freak and Mayflower from the Mills of Messrs Cummings, Raymond, and Co, River Don "ITA. COFFEY is favoured with instructions JULY to SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Thursday, December 3 at eleven o'clock, The following choice assortment of timber, now in process of landing - Ex Freak £00 pieces, 82, 4770 feet 6 inches 76 do, 422, 776 do 4 do Side, S x2,422 do 4 do 186 do, do, 0x2, 2060 do 3 do, 7 x 2, 63 do 388 do, 48, 6867 do 348 do, 598, 8862 do 6 do 32 do, 6x8 17,00 do 40 do, 7x8,1161 do 4 do 3 do, 9 x 8,80 do , 18 do, 918, 070 do 6 do 18 do, 6 x 4, 648 do 34 do, 6x6 1518 do 6 do, 7 x 0,822 do Ido, 8x6,64do ' 1 do, 7 x 7,73 do 0 de- Ex Mayflower; 283 pieces, 82,1 36 feet 6 inches 37 do, 4 x 2,144 do Sdo, 62,03 do 4 do 81 do, 6 x 2,1121 do 2 do, 7 x 2,44 do 4 do 171 do, 4 x 8, 2280 39 do, fix 8,802 do 4 do 217 do, 618, 4876 do 10 do,7x8, 311 do Odo do, 8x3,28do 6 do, 6 x 6,210 do Hotel -The attention of the trade, city and subur of ants, particularly directed to the above solo THIS DAY Sale by Auction, on the Land Victoria and Miller Streets North Melbourne MR G ALEXANDER has received instruct tions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, urday, December 8, at one o'clock sharp, L 4 valuable allotments of land, situate corner of Miller and Stawell streets 4 do do, corner of Victoria and Stow oil streets The auctioneer requests attention to the above sale choice allotments of land, being so eligibly situated opposite the North Melbourne Railway Station Title, Crown grant Terms, liberal, declared at sale Plan and further particulars at the office of the auctioneer, 42 Bourke street east PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. Splendid Investment JAMES WATSON is instructed by the pro 1 prietor, who is about to leave the colony, to SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, of which due notice will be given The following very valuable country property 2,200 acres of first rate land, subdivided and well , (need, with residence, farm buildings, and other improvements, as follow- > CO acres cultivation paddock 40 acres do do 15 acres do do 750 do grass paddocks 285 do, do do iOdo, dodo The above are all well watered Improvements A comfortable stone cottage, with verandah on three ?cides,-dlningroom, drawingroom, and six bedrooms, leitchoñ^scullcry, men's huts, and large stone stable, about) acres of garden and 4 acres vineyard in full bearing. 2 On Farm, A four roomed cottage, six stalled stone stable and lost, Email garden, store, men's huts, and kitchen, dockyards, and several slab buildings, loose boxes, also large barn - All implements given at valuation, if required Further particulars at 29 Bourke-street west. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS' SALE of Mr. J N W BELL'S STOCK of first-class English, colt ria), and American FURNITURE will be resumed THISDAY(Decombor8),attheIr new rooms, 38 and 40 Collins street east, at eleven o'clock Catalogues to be obtained on application THIS DAY. THREE DAYS' SALE, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, and TWO FOLLOWING DAYS To Families Furnishing, Merchants, Country Store keepers, the Furniture Trade of Melbourne and Suburbs, Upholsterers, Cabinetmakers. Carpet Warehousemen, and Others The Entire Stock of English, Colonial, and American-made Furniture Brass and Iron Bedsteads, Floor- cloths, Carpets Upholstery Goods, Cedar and Huon. Pine, Cabinetmakers' Fittings, Co BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received no) instructions from Mr J W Bell, who is relinquishing the furniture trade, to SELL by AUCTION at his late promises 38 and 40 Collins street east on Wednesday, December 7, and two following days', to commence each day at eleven o clock, The whole of his substantial and well selected stock of furniture, &c;, comprising Drawingroom suite in walnut and rosewood Handsome chiffonniere, marble slabs and plate glass backs, in walnut and rosewood Do gilt pier glasses, in various sizes Davenports, canterbury s, whatnots, occasional tables in M walnut and rosewood Round and oval loo tables, do do Velvet pile and other carpets, hearthrugs, and hassocks Diningroom furniture, chairs, mahogany and cedar, in hair seating and morocco Sofas, couches and cosy chairs, do do Extension tables, with patent serious, in mahogany and cedar Sideboards and chiffonniere Loo and square tables, in large variety Office tables, a large stock, double and single, in cedar Bedsteads, bedding, and bedroom furniture Magnificent bran and tubular bedsteads Patent iron bedsteads, double and single, Win- field s and Peyton's make Children s iron cots and bedsteads Iron stretchers Horsehair, fibre, flock, and flax mattresses and Wardrobes, in mahogany, cedar, and Huon pine Chests of drawers, do do Marble slab, mahogany, and cedar washstands, double and single Do do, toilet tables, do do Toilet services, towel rails, commodes (one seat and other chairs American chairs, tables, and washstands, in cases Upholstery materials, game, well, have Boating, buttons, etc The stock of cedar, Huon pine, and cabinet- makers' fittings, And A variety of articles too numerous to mention Catalogues in course of preparation Thowholo of the stock will be anyhow two days prior to the sale t It is needless to say that the furniture is of the best description, a large proportion being manufactured on the promises by the best workmen, and from a large stock or seasoned timber The auctioneers instructions are to sell Terms Cash THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15 To Furniture Dealers, Ironmongers, Storekeepers in the Country and the Diggings, Hotelkeepers, Parties ! Furnishing and Others 75 Cases Winfield s Patent Iron, Brass, and Tube Bedsteads BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received my instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their new rooms (late J W Bells, 38 and 40 Collins street east) on Thursday, December 15 at eleven o'clock, 78 cases Winfield s patent iron, brass, and tube bedsteads, consisting of Stump bedsteads, 3ft 6in, 3ft, 4ft, and 4ft 6in Half tester do, 3ft and 4ft 6in, with and without foot rails Do do, brass ornamented, 4ft 6in Tent do, 3ft 6in 4ft, and 4ft 6in, with and without foot rails French do, 3ft, 4ft, and 4a Gin Do do, 4ft and 4ft 6in, brass ornamented Four post do, with curtain rods, 3ft and 4ft 6in Test tube bedsteads, 4ft and 4ft 6in ( Handsome brass do, 4ft 6in Do do half tester bedsteads, 4ft 6in 160 iron stretchers with iron bottoms The above lot of bedsteads are in first rate order, and Winfield s make, the double bedsteads all having long stretcher bars up the centre Terms at Sale. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10 -- To Parties Furnishing and those in want of really First-class Furniture Furniture Dealers, and Others Dalgety street, St Kilda, opposite EdenB terrace BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received JJ instructions from Mr Salter to SELL by AUC STON, at his late residence, Dalgety street, St. Kilda, on Saturday, December 16, at one o'clock, Tho whole of his first class household furniture and effects, comprising Drawingroom, Magnificent rosewood pianoforte, by Erard Handsome rosewood drawingroom suite, in silk taborot Tapestry carpet and hearth rug, blackwood table and cover a Fender and fire irons, rosewood canterbury, and music-stool Lot of loose music and music books, papier mache tables Diningroom, Handsome cedar carved sideboard, cedar book- case Chair seated chairs, easy chair and rocker, telescope table and cover Fender and fire irons, engravings, race game, electro-plated wore, handsome china dinner service, glassware White and gold breakfast service, curtain pole?, and curtains Bedrooms Half tester Iron tube bedstead and curtains, hair mattress, palliasse be Is ter, and pillows, hand ~ some mahogany four post bedsteads and curtains, large cedar chest of drawers, cedar wardrobe Handsome double mail his slab washstand and toilet services in marble slab looking glass, < marble slab toilet table, shower bath Cedar washstand and service, toilet table, tow of , horse, &e; 1 Als 3 of Child's perambulator, with cover in good order Every requisite in kitchen at nails, A quantity of poultry , and A variety of miscellaneous articles \- The whole to be sold v. Without reserve On low the day prior and morning of sale, and catalogues at the rooms of the auctioneers, 38 and 40 Collins street (late J W Bell's ) J Terms-Cash ON AN EARLY DAY To the Furniture Trade of Melbourne, Geelong-road Ararat, Sandhurst, Pastleni line, an I Beechworth, and r Shippers to Adelaide Tasmania and New South , Wales / £20 Cases American Cane and Wood Seat Chairs , Leaf, Toilet, and Extension Tables, Washstands, Bureaus, ", Bedsteads, c Now in course of landing from the Astrea and Niobe, from Boston -BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by Jim AUCTION, at their new rooms, 38 and 49 Collins street east (late J W Bell t,), on an early date, due notice of which will be given, 520 cases superior American wood and cane seat chairs, leaf tables, toilet and extension do, washstands, bureaux, bedsteads, bedroom -. states At Full description in future dv erlmemcnis FRIDAY, DECEMBER V " To Confectioners and Others IS Cases Hobart Town Jams G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, at F E Body or s Mart, Collins street, on this day, December 6 at eleven o'clock, 5 cases raspberry jam, COI lb 1 do black currant, 40 do I do peach, GO do J do damson, 05 do 3 do apricot, 101 do A direct shipment In splendid condition No Reserve FRIDAY, DECEMBER 200 Bags Scotch Oats \- 200 Do Dai Isle Do 100 Do Pollard G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, at F E Beaver s Mart Collins street, on any, December 6, at eleven o'clock, 200 bags Scotch oats , _ SOO do Danish do 100 do pollard In fine order and condition Terms at Sale " SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10 At Eleven o clock Prompt At the Auction rooms of Messrs W M Tennent and Co Collins street Books Books 1 Extensive Sale of t> new and Popular Works History, Biography, Travels, so Also Christmas and New Year's Presents ED GREIG has received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the month of Mes re W M Tennent and Co, on Saturday December 10 at ele r no lock sharp, -several thousands of the publications of various pah lifhers, comprising works of General literature Biography History Travels St 11 nee : Agriculture Theology School books Also, Books for Christmas and New Year's presents. And Original and cheap editions of novels and the s PCO'S The attention of the trade librarians, teachers, and clergymen is. particularly requested to this great sale of IK oks, suitable to this area is of the year quote -As the field is extensive, it will commence ) next day at eleven o chair Cr taloguen are blue, p to. end and may be obtained %.!> Friday, at which time no law les n II be on view Observe At the r i h f W M Tennent and Co , Pi i r' > December at eleven once k it, UML'M N in 'A NT (I a FIRST RAI ft, TURNOUr J AWES HENDERSON and Co will SELL, at Mile raw r, It in street instant p t ii t ride or drive loin 21 ex ltd I a i h hood and homes- our late POSTPONED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. Preliminary Notice. The Terminus Hotel, St. Kilda. The Whole of the Household Furniture. Do Stabling. Bar Fittings. Gas and Water Fittings, &c.; To Publicans, Parties Furnishing, Brokers, and Others. C SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from Messrs. D. S. Campbell and Co. to it. by AUCTION, at the Terminus Hotel. St. Kilda, on on early day, due notice of which will be given, in The whole of the household furniture necessary for an hotel of the first- class, consisting of Diningroom furniture Drawingroom do Large number of bedrooms completely furnished Crockery and glassware ' ' Bar fittings . > Gosund water fittings. Also, The whole of the stabling. Full particulars of which will appear in future advertisements. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Valuable Building Allotment At St. Kilda. Close to the Beach. Neat Cottage Residence in Argyle-street. SYMONS and PERRY have received instruc- gr tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, December 8, at twelve o'clock, Lot. All that piece or parcel of land situate at St. Kilda, being Lots 10 and 11 in the plan of subdivision of . Allotment 8, having a iron cage of 80 foot to Vio i toria-road by a depth of 80 feet. i This beautiful allotment is situated close to the resi- dence of the late - Crosbie, Esq., and within three minutes' walk of the Beach ; it is well sheltered, and admirably adapted for anyone seeking a site for a marine residence, Lot 2. All that piece or parcel of land being part of Allot- ment C of Portion No. 70 in the parish of Prahran, having a frontage to Argyle-street, St. Kilda, by a depth of 170 foot, on which is erected an excellent weatherboard house, containing five rooms, out-kitchen, and other buildings. There is a neat garden in front, and altogether capable of forming a delightful rural residence. For further particulars apply to the auctioneers. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Lotto's Diaries for 1800. To Stationers, Booksellers, and Others, SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, December 8, at twelve o'clock, I An assortment of Letts's Diaries for 1860, consisting] of Office editions , I Pocket do Cheap do. And A great variety of sundries. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Booksellers, Hawkers, and Others, Unreserved Sale, by Order of Trustees. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC J TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, December 8, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the stock of books of Mr. George Nichols, comprising ? Bibles, testaments, prayers, church services, alas i sical and scientific works, atlases, dictionaries, histories, Shakspeare (illustrated), books of reference, and a large assortment of novels, poetry and light roadGig, by the most popular ' authors. 2 Sets of London Journal, Family Herald, Illus-I 1 trated Nows, Welcome Guest, Art Journal, reviews, magazines, and a variety of en- gravings, &o.; N.B. Positive sale, by order or trustees. Catalogues may be had at the rooms of the auc | pioneers. Terms Cash, and No Rosen c. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9. On the Premises. By Order of the Trustees. One of the very best Business Premises in Melbourne. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, on Friday, December 9, The fixtures and lease (having four years and a half to run) of those excellent business premises, No. 9 Collins-street west, lately occupied by Mr. G. Nichols, as bookseller and stationer. The fixtures are of a very superior description and the rent low. At present one half is sub-let. It is unnecessary for the auctioneers to point out the probability of this site of promises for almost any business. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 166 Bundles FenclnaT-Wiro. Ex Rhea Sylvia. , SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC J TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, December 6, at twelve o'clock, ' 158 bundles black fencing wire, Nos. ] 7. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, Unreserved Sale of Stationery. By Order of the Trustees. SYMONS and PERRY, will SELL by ATJO TION, on the promises, No. 6 Collins-street west, on Friday, December 9, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the stock of stationery, comprising Ledgers, journals, day-books, memorandum ' books, pocket do, letter paper, foolscap, note, envelopes, pons, penholders, quills ; black. r blue, and red ink ; inkStands, pencils, play " ' ing-cards, drawing paper, wafers, Sealing wax, states, state ponies, &c.; Catalogues may be had at the rooms of the auc | tioneers. « No reserve. Terms Cash. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. 100 Casks Byass's Pint Ale and Porter. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms Collins-street, on Friday, December 9, at twelve o'clock, I 100 casks Byass's pint ale and porter, each 8 dozen J Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. 5 Cases Hams. 3 Do Corks. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC j j TION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday of December 9, at twelve o'clock, 6 cases Sinclair's hams 8 do corks. Terms at Sale. Bec FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. 90 Bags Java Sugar. EN|Wiedoman. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. j SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCj 55 TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday December 9, at twelve o'clock, 60 bags Java sugar, Ex Wiedeman. For the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6. "l " Oilmen's Stores. S' SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC , TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday December 9, at twelve o'clock, 15 cases cherries, each 2 dozen 4 do mushrooms 10 do mustard 20 do salad oil. . ' Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9. Malt. Malt. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. CJ SYMONS and PERRY have received instruct a tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms Collins-street, on Friday, December 6, at twelve o'clock, -48 bags damaged malt, each 4 bushels 20 do sound do do. For the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. 640 Acres Agricultural Land, All Fenced in, at Bushy Creek, , Parish of Warrandyte. To Farmers, Dairymen, Speculators, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms! Collins-street, on Monday, December 12, at twelve! o'clock, 5 f 640 acres of good agricultural land, all fenced in with substantial fencing, good culth allow paddock, and all buildings erected thereon. The property is situate at Bushy Creek, bend I Section 10, in the parish of Warrandyte in the county of Evelyn. , 2 A fine grazing section, , Believed to he auriferous, area as the creek runs right through the property, there is a never-failing supply of water. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13. Boots and Shoes. To the Boot and Shoe Trade, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION in their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, December 23, at eleven o'clock, 'The following assortment of boots and shoes com pilling- Women's cashmere boots , Do kid do MaidB'patent calf ankles, 10s, 13s Do black cashmere elastic boots Do coloured dodo Child's do do buttoned-lo . Coloured napoleons, 2s 6d Coloured and black cloth boots, 3s 5d Cahbmcro do do, 10s, 18s .' Coloured balmorals, 6s 6d Gentlemen's kid promenade boots , Do more calf do do Men's kip high back blushes . Do stout kip army do ?- ' Youths' about high hock do Do stout kip front lace boots Men's strong kip watertights Do grain napoleons , ? , . Do hobbed wellingtons, 4c. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. Preliminary Notice. Important and Unreserved Sale of Freehold Property in Flinder's-lane. To Merchants, Capitalists, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY are favoured with, instructions from the Assignee, Edward Courtney, Esq., and James Henty, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, ColUns-strcoo,-onr - Monday, December 12, at twelve o'clock, 3 he stores and offices lately in the occupation of Messrs. J. B. Were and Co., Flinders-lane. Full particulars of which will appear in to-morrow's paper. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20. To Mining Companies, Quartz-crushing Companies, and others. A First-class 00 Horse Power High-pressure Engine." Capable of Working up to 100-Horse Power. Cylinder 269 in. Diameter, Length of Stroke, 5 feet. Situated at Happy Valley, Bendigo. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, December 20, at twelve o'clock, A first-class 60-horse high-pressure engine capable of working up to or over 100 horse power, Cornish boiler, 80 feet by 0 foot, S foot tube, cylinder 25in diameter, length or stroke 3 feet. Together with SO head of stamps, 8 stamp boxes, with all shafting gearing, pumps, and fittings complete, as per inventory. Also, 100 feet 7-inch iron piping. The above engine is well known as being the best and largest of any at present on any of the gold-fields, and is well worthy on inspection. It has been about 12 months in actual work, and has therefore been thoroughly tested. The engine can, with the greatest safety, be worked up to, or over, 100-Horse Power, As certified to by the leading engineers in the colony. The framework and stamps are nearly new, not having been in use more than three months, Terms, liberal, declared at sale. 'The above engine, Shafting, pumps, etc, will be sold as it now stands, at Happy Valley, Bendigo and parties desirous of purchasing can inspect the some by making application to Mr. Samuel Stephenson, Happy Valley, Bendigo. Inventory will be ready in a few days, and can. he inspected at the rooms of the auctioneers, Collins street. THIS DAY. Elegant Household Furniture. "VT KINSMAN has received instructions to II , SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, No. 181 Lonsdale-street east, opposite Keeley's Parliamentary Hotel, on Thursday, December 3, The elegant household furniture, comprising Handsome sofa, forming a bedstead, loo tables, handsome couch, carpets and rug, 12 elegant chairs (horse-hair seated), fenders and irons, magnificent pier glasses, musical-box, plated ware, superior chest of drawers, handsome paintings, ornaments, drawingroom curtains, ron bedsteads and bedding, washstands and ware. dressing tables and toilet glasses, follow requisites, talking parrot, Kitchen Utensils, and a variety of other goods. Sale at eleven o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, 8 Moor-street, Collingwood. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6. Oats. Oats. Oats. KINSMAN has received instructions from J a Mr. Parkin, who is leaving Collingwood, to SELL by AUCTION, at the stores of Messrs. Parkin and Elliott, Brunswick-street, near Victoria-parade, on Friday, December 6, at eleven o'clock, 200 sacks of prime oats Do maize. In lots to suit purchasers. Office furniture, tables, chairs, desk, washstand, Avery's platform scales, and 50 gallons Chinese oil. , Also, ) At his private residence, St. David-street, on Wednesday, December 14, The household furniture. Sale at eleven o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. Important Sale, 05 Building Allotments, Hoddle-street, Continuation of Wellington-street Byrne and Gold streets, East Collingwood. At Four o'clock in the Afternoon. "Vf KINSMAN is favoured with instructions JJ to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Saturday, December 10, at four o'clock, Without reserve, All those 65 valuable building allotments, Ryrie, Hoddle, Gold, and WoMnwton streets, 12 allotments being choice corners, 80 allotments having 83 feet frontage each to Great B> rio-stroot 52 foot wide, with a right-of-way In the rear of 20 feet wide, each allotment having a frontage of 88 foot by 60" foot drop to a street 20 foot wide. This being an opportunity that rarely occurs to the speculator and man of small means to obtain a choice freehold, the auctioneer has much pleasure in inviting the public to attend. Terms remarkably easy, viz. One-third cash, and monthly payments for the balance ; or, three, six, nine, and 12 months. Title good. Solo on the ground, Saturday afternoon, and further particulars at the office of the auctioneer, 8 Moor street, Collingwood. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13. Desirable Stone-built Property. N KINSMAN has received instructions from Mr. John Kelly to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Tuesday, December 13, Two stone houses, each containing four rooms, situated in George-street, close to 6 or crude street. The land has a frontage of 44 feet 6 inches to George-street, by 42 foot deep, and most eligibly Sale at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16. Valuable Freehold. Napier-street, Collingwood. I "VT KINSMAN has received instructions to 1 JA o OFFER by AUCTION, for positive sale, All that valuable property, being the allotments of 30 foot frontage each to Napier-street, by Ga feet deep. Also, 01 feet frontage to Napier-street, by I 68 feet to Argyle-street, being a choice corner, on which is erected a four-roomed brick house. Title good. I Sale at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer | and voluor, 3 Moor- street, Collingwood. -~~~ FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. Weekly Unreserved Sale of Household and Office Furniture, Engravings, Paintings, And Electro plated Ware. 1 To Private Families Furnishing, Merchants requiring a really good Office Furniture, the Trade, and Others. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- " TION, at the mart, 81 Queen-street, on y, December 6, A varied assortment of furniture, comprising Very handsome and convenient secretaire, colonial mode, by Thwoitos Office desks, mahogany, with drawers Very handsome walnut drawingroom suite Walnut whatnot Diningroom choirs '. Engravings Electro-plated tea and coffee services Do cruets and pickle francs Large size oil painting, St. Cecilia, ie. _Tonns-Cash._.^ MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. ' To Builders, Contractors, and Newly-arrived Immigrants. Westgarth-street, Westgarth place, Collingwood, Near Nicholson-street. Six Unfinished Houses. Just the thing for a Builder to finish, with a view to future Sale, for Easts from 1 to 6 for the Working classes, or to add to his own rent-roll. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION (as per instructions received), on the ground, adjoining the property of Mr. Fergie, West North-street, and immediately opposite to Mr. Bunny'« aVery, on Monday, December 12, at twelve o'clock precisely. The whole of the above-mentioned property, Note-The front face of these cottages consists of solid masonry, bonded with superiority of design and w workmanship. The inside walls are of brick, and contain In each three rooms and a very small outlay would finish them. The situation is near the intersection of Nicholson and Westgarth streets, and a few yards off only from the Sir Henry Barkly Inn and there is a piece of land to the rear of each house sufficient for of gordon, with a right-of-way leading to the principal streets of the municipality. Area, 09 feet frontage, by 68 feet depth. Title first rate, particulars of vi is rich may be obtained at Messrs. Cunnington and Cresswell, Seven ston street. Terms liberal, And They are to be Sold. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16. The Mercantile and Draper's Warehouse and Stores of \- Messrs. J. F. Pawson and Co., of London, now in the occupation of Messrs. H. W. Farrar and Co., ' Merchants, Bourke-street west. To Merchants, Agents, Commission Merchants, Warehousemen, Wholesale Importers, Brokers, and Others. MR. STUBBS has received instructions from Messrs. Pawson and Co., of London, to SUB to PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, on Wednesday, December 16, at twelve o'clock precisely, The base of their stores In Bourke-street, full particulars of which will appear in a future newspaper. Terms-25 per cent, cash deposit, and the residue at three and six months', with bank interest. MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. At Eleven o'clock. To Jewellers, Watchmakers, and Others. ?UnrOFcrvcd Sale of First-class Gold and Silver Watches, Jewellery, Electro-plated Goods, Clocks, &o.; "I7DMUND"JACOB has been favoured with. joy Instructions from Mr. H. Drew (who is positively relinquishing business) to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, 01 Swanston-street opposite Rainbow Hotel, on Monday, December 12, at eleven o'clock, The whole of his valuable stock-in-trade, consist * Gold and silver English and Geneva watches, colonial and London made fine gold Jewellery, comprising ladies' and gentlemen's rings, chains, pins, studs, bracelets, Brooches, etc. Also, _ An excellent assortment of Di -t class electro-plated goods, comprising a large, corner dishes, cake baskets, even in 1 liqueur > frames, tea services, kottleJ, ? er . Also, The whole of the shop fixtures, glass cases, i . counters, &c.; 3 he shop to let. THIS DAY. 11 Hhds. Otard's Brandy. in qr-casks Port Wine, Genuine. No Reserve. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION a at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 11 hhds. Otard's brandy 50 qr-casks port wine. For positive and unreserved sale, Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. < i 60 Cases I. N. E. Matches, ' Black Tops, 6 gross Tins. 25 Cases Saloon Matches (Polox), To Grocers, Ironmongers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 60 cases I. N. E. matches, 6-gross tins, black 25 cases saloon matches (Polox). / Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Peaches, Pears, Apricots, &c.; Ex ROY al Bride. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, Ex Royal Bride. Peaches, pears Apricots, &c.; No Reserve. THIS DAY. Brandy, Old Tom, &c.; For Positive Sale. To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. THE EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Y of 9 at their rooms, 83 Colllns- street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, Ex Ocean Traveller, 28 hhds. old tom, Bumott's 26 do dark brandy 16 do pale do 16 qrs. dark do 10 do pale do 310 cases dark do 165 do pale do. For positive and unreserved sale. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Candles, Ale, and Stout, Matches, Claret, Oilmen's Stores, Ac To Grocers, Wlno-Morchants, and Others. WEASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 200 boxes genuine Nova candles 600 cases oilmen's stores 76doDumpby'anlo 30 do Guinness's stout 10 do I.N.E. matches 300 do claret 25 hhds. rum, 10 of p. 30 do do, 22 do 20 quarter-casks Jamieson's whisky 300 cases Gillan'Belo 100 do old tom < 100, deG. V. brandy I 20 do bitters 300 do geneva, palm-tree 200 do do, green 10 butts (thrco-dlamond) Bustamento sherry 18 hhds. do do 18 butts do port wine 60 euiartcr-caBks Colza oil. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ] 1,000 Cases Geneva. To Wine Merchants and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, December 8, at show on o'clock, 1,000 cases anchor Geneva. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 3,000 Bushels Californian Oats. 8,000 Do. Scotch Do. To Cornfactors, livery-stable keepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, - 3,000 bushels Californian oats. 3,000 do Scotch do 1,600 colonial do. Fine Samples, and for Positive Sale. THIS DAY. 100 Bags Rico. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 100 bags rice. To close accounts. No Reserve. "" THIS DAY. Extensive Sale of Wines, Spirits, Ale and Porter, &c.; To Wine Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received instruc- s tions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, An extensive parcel of wines, split its, ale and porter, &c.; Full particulars of which will appear in a future advertisement. was DAY. At Eleven o'clock. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. To Wine and SpiritMorchonts, Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received instructions a to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins street, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, The following goods :- ' i . 450 cases Crosse and Blackwell's old tom 40 quarter-casks Dauson'B whisky 6 lines Hennessy 's brandy 6 do do 50 cases brandy , 40 do do 36 do Champagne V. P. brandy, , 38 hhds Roy's dark brandy , , , 2 do Otard's do. . . Also, 0 barrels Ceylon coffee is < / II 20 chests congou tea, ex Maggie 10 half- chests do, ex Anna Dixon 17 kegs twist tobacco. Toi in at sale. < Not the Slightest Reserve. THIS DAY. Wines, Spirits, nee. Clarice Parcel, for Positive Sale. To Wine Merchants and Others. WEASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 3 qr.-casks Central Vineyard brandy 47 cases Thin's whisky 40 do M'Konzio's do 100 do claret 00 baskets pints champagne 15 cases port wine, Hunt's 76 do Hunt's sauterne 22 do brandy. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ] 40 Tons Colonial Flour. For Positive Sale. To Bakers, Storekeepers, and Others, W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on 1 Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 40 tons colonial flour. For positive sale. Terms Liberal. ~" THIS DAY: 8 Tons Whiting. To Grocers and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 8 tons whiting, In small casks. Terms at Sale ' ~~ THIS DAY. Burgundy, Moselle, Hock, A Choice Batch. To Wine Merchants, Hotelkeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, The following choice batch of sparkling wines : 60 cases sparkling hock 80 do do moselle I 46 do do but gundy. Also, A quantity of capsules, assorted brands. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 200 Hhds. Burton Brewery Company's No. 1 Australian Alo. Guaranteed. To Wine Merchants, Hotel Proprietors, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 200 birds. Burton Brewery Company's No. 1 Australian are. , A fine parcel, and guaranteed. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock Sharp. On the Railway Platform, Flinders-street 380 Bags Rice, each 1 Cwt. 120 Do. Split Peas, Do. 00 Do. Omm, Do. Ex Fairlight, from Calcutta More or Less Damaged by Sea water. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TUT EASBY and Co. have received instruct W tions from Messrs. Downie and Murphy to SELL by AUCTION, on the Railway Platform, Flinders-street, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock sharp, Ex Fairlight, . 380 bags rice, each least. 20 do split peas, do 50 do gram, do. More or less damaged by seawater, And gold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 124 Pockets Kent Hops, 1863. 60 DO Do, 1867. To Brewers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION 2 at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Sunday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, , 24 pockets Kent hops, 1868 I : 50 do do, 1867. I.",,, ' . To be sold. ' * j Terms at Sale, THIS DAY. "~mm"mmmmm 1 IB Cases Frozor's Bacon c Oil, Claret, Ale, c To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION a at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock, 16 cases Frazer's bacon -. Boiled and raw oil Park's pole are Port wine, In case Oatmeal. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6. A 3 4 and 5 ÇtaskaCarbonato of Soda. At the Risk of Mr. E. Davis, the Former Purchaser. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WE ARE Y and Co. will SELL by AUCTION at their rooms, 88 Collins street west, on Friday, December 9, at eleven o'clock, ' SO casks carbonate of soda, of the risk of Mr. E ' Davis, of Flinders-lane, the former purchaser' No Reserve.. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 400 Boxes Adamantino Candles. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. "W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION J, S . of "four rooms. 88 Collins street west, on Friday, December 6, at eleven o'clock, 400 boxes adamantine candles. TormBatSolo. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9. 30 Boxes Gunpowder Tea. 60 Do Young Hyson Do. 807 Do Scented Orange Pekoe. To Grocers, Wine Merchants, and Others. JST EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION _,*,¥ at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Friday, December 6, at eleven o'clock, ' 60 boxes gunpowder tea 60 do young hyson do 60 do scouted orange do. Fine qualities, and to be sold to close accounts Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, Cope Fruit. Cape Trait. 1,000 Boxes Cape Raisins. 20 Cases French Plums. _ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others YET EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION JfT at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Friday, December 6, at eleven o'clock, 1,000 boxes Cape raisins 20 COBOS French plums 0 casks colonial jams. The above suit are of the new crop, and fair landed. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 4,058 Bags Fine Mauritius Sugars. The Cargo ex Joiumy. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received instruc- . tons from Messrs. R. and P. Turnbull and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Col- lins-street west, on Friday, December 9, at eleven o'clock, The cargo ex Jemmy, from Mauritius, comprising BPT, No 1-267 hogs Grande Gordo 2-200 de Riviere Moire 8-212 do Clemencia 4-440 do do 6-128 do do 0-400 do Bonne Mero 7-148 do Constantine 8-800 do Mont Piton I 0-230 do Belle Vue 1 10-28 do do 11-284 do do 12-430 do do 18-180 do Constance 14-150 do Virginia ' < 15-253 do Constance 10-312 do Mon Repos t 7000 do Bonne Mere *? 18-100 do Barraque ' Total, 4,058 The attention of the trade and purchasers generally IS solicited to the sale of the above cargo, which com- prises BOmooftho finest counters and crystals offered this season, particularly the crystals, which are quite equal to No, 1 Cossipore. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9. Coffee. Coffee Unsold Portion of Cargo Ex Marlon, From Colombo. 20 Casks Finest Plantation Coffee. 100 Bags Do. Do. To Merchants, Grocers, OofToo-Roastors, and Others. EASEY and Co. have received instruc- 2 tons from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, December 6, at eleven o'clock, The unsold portion of cargo ex Marion, from Colombo, comprising 20 casks finest plantation coffee 100 bags do do. The auctioneers beg to direct the attention of the trade to the sale or the above choice parcel of coffee And as no supplies can reach this market for the next two months, the trade should not let the present opportunity pass of renewing their stocks. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. Tobacco. Tobacco. half-pounds and 10's, Best Brands. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. "W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, j yy a at their rooms, 83 Collins- street west, on Friday, December 6, at eleven o'clock, 46 cases Victoria Regina tobacco, Jib. SO do Charles Napier do, do 20 do Barrett's Crown do, do 26 do Phillips do, do 50 do Moss Rose do, do 28 do Charter Jackson do, do 60 do Olive Branch do, do j 22 do Old Douuniaon do, do 44 do Stanley do, do 25 do Conway's so, dear i 40 do Blggor s do, do 04 do Golden Pippin do,' do, Also, 100 three-quarter boxes Gilpin's do, 10's t 66 do George Lay's do, do 107 (To Northants do, do 40 do Clifton's do, do 16 do do, do 107 do B. Diamond do, do 102 do Commercial do, do 60 do Clinton's do, do 104 do 5 do, 3's. The auctioneers solicit the attention of the trade to the above Important sale of tobaccos, which comprise the best brands now in the market. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. 0 cases York Hams. 8 Do Do Bacon, To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, of We at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Friday, December 9, at eleven o'clock, 6 cases York hams 8 do bacon. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 2,221 Bags Fine Patna Rice. For Positive Sale. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TTTT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, by Y C at their rooms, 83 Collins- street west, on Friday, December 9, at eleven o'clock, 2,231 bags fine Patna rice. The attention of the trade is requested to the above sale of rice, which is the finest sample in the market, and for positive sale, to close an account. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. " 10 Cases Prime Cheshire Cheese. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. "THE" EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, We at 'their rooms, 83 Collins- street west, on Friday, December 6, at eleven o'clock, 10 cases prime Cheshire cheese, Of guaranteed quality. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6. Raisins, Candied Peel, Nuts, Herrings, &c.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on December 9, at eleven o'clock, 260 quarter boxes Muscatel raisins 200 half-boxes do do 100 quarter-boxes Sultana do 200 half-boxes do do 40 cases candied peel 40 barrels nuts 40 do French walnuts 34 firkins herrings 30 quarter-barrels do 30 barrels red do. Terms at sale. No Reserve. Wests Friday, Dccc MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, SOTons Staffordshire Best Sheet Iron, Cbllllngton and CO'S Make, GO x 24 wide, Assorted Gauges. To Ironmongers, Builders, Contractors, and Others, as I EASEY and Co. have received instruc W . tlonB from Messrs. E. F. Sichel and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins-street on Monday, December 12, at eleven o'clock, 20 tons Staffordshire best sheet iron, Chillington and Co.'s make, 00 x 24 wide, 8, In, 12,14, 17, 24, 20, 28 gauges. The auctioneers beg to direct the attention Of the trade to the above sale of iron, which is the fiercest article In the market. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. South Yarra., OAT Gardiner's Creek-road. & Building Site for a family Residence. Measuring 137 feet, by 140 Kia t. MR. JAMES EVANS. is instructed by the proprietor to SEulj by AUCTION, on Friday next, December 9, at. two o'clock, All that piece and parcel of land, being part or Portion No. 30, measuring frontages Arthur street east or '"as. toys "J»!'111 seat," "Mr?" 'H'!, This is one of the few large areas It ft in tlilshonlthy suburb for the selection of merchants and others for a plate' rcsldciieo-out of the day of the main li oroughforcp, yet v thin one minute of it it proposed Skidmore creek and railway "iron, and live in li acts of the Yarra boots in its immediate vicinity are Hit or, "death of ? several o|"ilii_miK)itil gentlemen, i . (li at Tarlo, y i a , 1 cells valued e.b , - Pt li' 11,1 "( , On bills, 1 in 'Inner City., ac. 'Bill will be sold, together with, the cottages at two two-stall stable, on the ground, on today s s. 1.1 Iii here at two o'clock. for Ant) the man-" was Mean auctioneer. ally Guaranteed. in,"" AUCTION NOTICE -. THE LAND at NorthMelbournn "" i I ad.-crtisodforSALEonFrid^(?nilSt'EllU WTTHDil AWN from sldTuStU Ä"^0.,0111 Ch p SABER and OOHEN^Sy^J THIS DAY! 2 FTartaricAcid. FRASER and COHEN will HURT WON,atthelrmart,onThuÄ^ACC. at eleven o'clock, ' sunday, December 2tonsoftartarioacid, In jars, close, and keen Terms at Sale. THURDAY A. Postponed in consequence of the skin Goods not being? issued a state > Tobacconists, Provision M - CU Others. Ex Kleber. Tobacco. Rosin. Dried Apples. Mackerel. ' Salmon. ' Tongues and Sounds. Oysters. Lobsters. J? I Mons from the imports Mf,Clt(!d strain. others, to SELL by AUCTION IT' JS 60 do, Woodrow, do 160 do, Lynch, do 60 do, Mayflower, do 20 do, do, Shire 16 do, do, Old Dog Tray 16 do, do, Spirit of the Times 60 do, do, Lady of the Lake 14 do, do, Milleflour 20 do, do, Honeymooning do, do, Express , 300 barrels bright rosin ' 100 quarter-barrels dried apples i 200 half-barrels do PP I 200 barrels do I 100 kits No, 2 mackerel I 100 half-bags do ' 25 half-barrels No. Ido 100 kits salmon 100 half-bags do 3,000 cases 2 dozen, lb. lobsters 200 do do, lib, oysters 200 do lemon syrup 100 kits tongues and sounds 100 half-bags do. The auctioneers beg to call the names. . . tobacconists, provision merchanting SS ? above sale of first-class goods, just arrived 5m Horn New York, in prime order and AIF'' will be round on inspection to be well AS attention of the trade. gracing the Terms at Sale FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0," 200 Trunks Superior Boots and Shoes Manufactured by F. and E. Bostock, Northampton, By Order of Messrs. Hyam and Co. FRASEllandCOHENaro.inBtnictedbyMesrs1 Hyam and Co. to SELL by AUCTION at the Mart, on Friday, December 6, at shivering 200 trunks of- ' Men's Women's Boys and youths' Girls' and children's boots and shoes Manufactured by Fredk. and Edwin Bostock. Full particulars in future issue Terms Under £100, cash ; above that sum, an. proved acceptances at three months'. "" " FRIDAY, DECEMBER, Preliminary Notice. 200 Trunks of Seasonable Boots and Shoes, "FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- JP tions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Hart, on Friday, December 6, at eleven o'clock, 108 trunks of Men's, Women's, Boys' and youths' Girls' and children's boots and shoes. Terms Under 100. cash above that sum, an. proved acceptances at three months', FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 115 Cases American Boots. FRASER and COHEN will SELL, by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, December 9, at eleven o'clock, 30 cases Es. Congress boots, cloth and glove top 40 do boys' and youths' gilt top boots 25 do men's tree-top wellingtons £0 do men's and boys calf and enamel brooms. 20 cases full-nailed Hungarian boots 2 do leather shoe lacings. All seasonable goods and in prime order. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. Allotments In the Rapidly improving Munljipalityol East Collingwood, Fronting Willlam-street, Nicholson-street, Clark!. street, and Mollison-street, the Property of by Charles Nicholson. Baronet. FRASER and COHEN are favoured with. JP instructions from Sir Charles Nicholson to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, December 12, The whole of the remaining unsold allotments of land, having frontages to Mollison, William, Nicholson, and Charles streets, in the municipality of East Collingwood. Terms, date of sale, and further particulars will given in future advertisements. Intending purchasers are requested to inspect to property prior to sale, as the whole of the remains,; of a must be sold WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14. ~~" Sale of Valuable Household Furniture and other Effects, Plated Articles, Piano, Elegant Binna Service, China, Glass, Choice Engravings, an E's gone Mail Phaeton by Lenny of Croydon, Double Harness, Gig Harness, Pony Phaeton and Harness, etc. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from Lieutenant-Colonel Ross (whose about to remove from his present residence to SELL by AUCTION, at his dwellinghouse, In Acland-street!, St. Kilda, on Wednesday, December 14, at eleven o'clock precisely, His household furniture, consisting often Superior diningroom, drawingroom, bedroom, and kitchen articles ; very elegant dinner service solid ; mahogany dining table, of London smoke, for 18 guests ; very elegant bookara, large pier- glass, fine-toned Cottage piano, china tea and other services, fine engravings, glass, plated articles, a Very light and elegant mail phaeton, by Lenny, of Croydon, for one or two horses, act of very superior plated doubloharness nearly new, gfglianicss, bridles, c, all well worthy of otto ition. Catalogues may be had at the auctioneers', and the furniture, c, may be soon on the 12th instant and following days, between the hours of land 8pm. UNAVOIDABLY POSTPONED, " In consequence of the Goods not being Landed, until further notice. Important Sale of of 148 Bales and Cases of Seasonable Clothing and Drapery, _ Ex Monarch. FRASER and COHEN have received construe JP tions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, as soon as landed, due notice of which will be given Ex Monarch, 10 cases men's millers' mole trousers S do boys' and youths' do do 7 do men's Imitation Bedford cord do 2 do do white and brown drill do 16 do plain and fancy doe do 5 do steel-grey do 4 do Bedford cord do 6 do black cloth alliance soon coats ? do fancy and plain do do 3 do do shooting vests 4 do Crimean shirts 3 do white shirts, L. F. and 0 10 bales Scotch twill shirts, L.B. Sdofsnoyregattoshirts 10 do blue pilot American pea jackets 4 do white drill sacs , 2 do cotton handkerchiefs 2 do mail's U. B. socks j 1 do that ribbons 2 do bandanna silk handkerchiefs 5 do braces 20 bales 8 i grey sheetings 3 cases men's French felt hats 6 do do navy caps, French peaks S do do army caps, do do 6 do boys' and youths' do 2 do men's underclothing. . rich. The auctioneers beg to call the end of the trade to the above Sale of first- class fast only just arrived and ordered expressly crisis markets THIS DAY. To Publicans, wine Merchants, and General Dealers. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Positive and Unreserved Sale of Rio entered the trade. Bar Fittings, Furniture, Phaeton and Hero, and other Effects,' of the Railway To eh So street, Richmond, in consequence of of To humorous Demolition of the house by the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company. Ainger 1. I It R. ZOHRAB has been made by it VIII. Zlerk, proprietor, to SELL by Taiwan ALBION, withoutStile slightest«**«*X,\D. way Hotel, Swan-street, Richmond, on Thursday, December 8, at eleven o'clock prompt, a blowhole of his furniture winters the other effects, being compelled tortvooptuo v by Friday next, to the Suburban Gas Co met Excellent billiard-table, by sufferers and nearly now, with 60 "a?"""" site. pole sets of balls, cues, and £5 Superior rosewood cottage piano, by Hutt'»*.A Ellson, and Co. Family phaeton, horses. and harness. , Full size bagatelle table, complete, in ex condition, . /." Capital cedar for fittings, beer-engine, so. Door lamp, large horse-trough members Handsome sitting, dining, and bedroom ian Swinging scaffold , " LIM less Quantity paint, colouring, and spirals. Beers, wines, spirits, and the 25sec' W', a ho present is on ewMilcnt opportune as 0,, keepers requiring supplies, since says slightest taint of whom it may concern, wrong in Terms Cash. ___---?< THIS DAY. To Gentlemen, Farmers, Dealers, and Others. Working Bullocks and Harness BOM for B TOJM.IAM J. LOTHHRnfOTp^-S W ceived Instructions to SELLbvA««£ "" Biwlcyam! Co.'s yards, 20 B<'"*°jfCt . »paffií,0Atow». yokes, and chains. Also, Saddle and harness horse:. 