STEAM to CMRENCB RIVER, by the Grafton, and Ornum B°!>le> from S>'dney, every Wbdnesdat t Ei"ht p.m., «vilifg at Newcastle on the following ¡Unin? early. Apply to m0 ° WM. K. LOCHHEAD, . Agent, Newcastle. Hunter Biver Now Steam Navigation Company. THE STEAMERS of this Company will be dispatched for Sydney, from the Wharf, Morpeth, m under, viz. i- . " / '' ThB Pi TSRSON, Tuesday and Fbioat, at 8 a.m. The WILLIAMS, Wednesday and Saturday, at 8 a.m. Leaving Sydney for Morpeth : ^ The Pi TER80N, WEDNEsnATand SATüRDAT,'iitilp.m. Tho WILLIAMS, Mond at and. Thursday, at 11 p.m. J. H. BURROWS, Agent. Company's Office, Morpeth, 3rd June, 1859. 3596 FOR SAN FRANCISCO, ToBOHmo at Honolulu on tub route, THE first-class Danish clipper ship CAROLINE, 800 tons, Captain H. Mattiiiesson. This beauti- ful dipper, now regularly in the Californian trade,« dailj eipected from Melbourne, where she lias just dis- charged her inward cargo from San Franoisoo, and will bo at onoe laid on for passengers and freight for that port, to leave here on or about the 10th June. Hor ac- commodations are of the most satisfactory character, and it mar bo desirable to intimate that Captain Matthies jon'i capability as a commander, .and gentlemanly cun- doot, ¿as been borne testimony to in the most handsome manner by the numerous passengers^ he has conveyed ¿¡tween these colonies and San Franoisco. for Freight or Passage apply to SOLOMON, VINDIN, A CO., West Maitland ; or GEORGE A. LLOYD & CO., «71 _Sydney. A. S. N. COMPANY. TEAM FROM MORPETH TO SYDNEY. COLLAROY, on Monday and Thursday, at 8 a.m. ILLALONG, on Tuosday and Friday, at 2 p.m. 3566 JAMES SOROGGIE, Agent. NOTICE. THE ANNUAL MEETING of the Scone Benevolent Society will be held at the Police Office, Scone, on FRIDAY, the 10th instant, for the purpose of AUDITING the ACCOUNTS of the past year, Electing Office Bearers, and transacting such other business as may be brought before the meeting, to which the attendance of Subscribers and others is invited. JAMES SMITH, Secretary. Scone, June 1, 1859. 3564 WAKE UP! WAKE UP!! A PUBLIC FRIENDLY MEETING of the ELEC- TORS of East and West Maitland will be held, at the "Plough Inn," West Maitland, on Wednmday, the iib Jons, at, Eight o'clock p.m. sharp, to oisobW- robiTl (.'AL SUBJKCT8. ,1645 WIALTAM CHEATER. K. BUCKNEL!, will MEET the ELECTORS of Paterson, at the Gresford Inn, Gresford, on Wednesday, the 8th June instant; and at Cordell's, Half-way House, on Thursday, the 9th, at Three p.m. each day ; anil on Thursday Eveniko, at Seven o'clock, at tlw Court House, Paterson. Brecon, Juno 4th, 1859. 3616 TO THE ELECTORS OF THE WILLIAMS. MR. GORDON will be happy to MEET the ELEC- TORS of the Williams at the following places, ia order to oxplnin to thom his political opinions : STROUD : Court llouso, Tuesday, 7th June, at Half-past Six p.m. CLARENCE TOWN: Court House, Thursday, 9th Juno, at Half-past Six p.m. DUNGOG : Court House, Saturday, 11th June, Half-past Six p.m. 3531 NOTICE. MR. THOMAS DANGAR will be happy to MEET tho ELECTORS of the Upper Hunter Electorate, and further explain his views At JERRY'S PLAINS-Mr. Oxly's Inn, on Friday, the 10th June, at Two p.m. At ARDKNHALI/, near Scone-Mr. Cameron's Inn, on Monday, the 13th June, at Three p.m. 3619 TO THE ELECTORS OF NORTHUMBERLAND. ' KNOWN to many of you as an old resident in the colony, and identified in some measure with your Interests, as settled In the adjoining electorate, 1 beg respect- fully to offer myself as a candidate lor your suffrages. On Education, I advocate a system or schools (including industrial imlilutiom, and reformatory establishment* for Juvenile offenders), calculated to free tho Government from the embarrassment of religious differences, by embracing, under ose board of finance, mixed and sectional schools. 8TATE-A1D. Willie I would preserve faith with the recipient* of State-aid, by compensât tug ithem out of the salo of church and school Undi, lu reference to the Constitutional schedule, I would discontinuo this source ot Government assistance, as the last remnant ot religious supremacy. Land Question. Comlicring tho great variety of interests, as to quality of toils, and value of tho same, and many difficulties fostered under a bad system, I am Inclined to adopt the system of vain- ita in blocks now in operation at Port Stephens, thereby cu- raring Immediate possession, free from the antiquated restric- tions of cultivation, residence, or auction competition, thus colonlalng the population, with the exception of town suburban allotments, and lands along tho railway lines. I advocate the reduction of the present Survey Department, ana the establishment of a land board with branch eatubllsh \ ment«. All surveys to bu made by contract, subject to the «"penlaton or n survey stall In connection with the land Squatting Interests. I advócalo the system recently brought forward In South Austral a, of valuing the runs as tho leases expire, mapping off tue lands lit for cultivation, and giving tho occupiers of runs Hie nrat offer ofpussi'ssloii. , Railways, Seo. I advocate every pinn of Improving our transit cither by land 11 m' *"''nm oppo^d to Increasing our dobt, believing that »ya liberal land Bystcm, and the reservation of land along the T«W lines to bo sold by nuotlon for railway extension, bor- rowing may bodlspenscd with. ,.iîÇ opposed to Protection so-called, but would consent to a iaT rounded on reciprocity of trade. i consider the reconstruction of tho Legislativo Council »«ntlal to Its responsibility. r '^"eelvo the appointment or Magistrates should bo freed rom political Influence, and should be vested in tho Governor general with tho advice of tho Judges of tho Supremo Court. .J,im,°PP0Mll *° 'be sowcrago expenditure In Sydney being SKsw.UDtm,'i° geuernl revenue, conceiving Sydney, with its ."¡J}T»»!". Circular Quay, Colleges, &c;, has had moro than ,,.!,"Av»f«te the protection ortho Hunter, now exposed to tho populou dHrif m mtm^' m "¡»o»*1»1 to tho satoty of this lnriÄmy ÎP,departmental arrangements, simplifying tho «S ,UonJof th9 oolouy, and making law, Vpossible, common TLW? rcoclvo n,y oonatnnt nttentlon. IhmtÎÏi a ko »nearly opportunity of visiting your electorate «St moro ully my P011110«1 Principles, and to solicit your Tam, &a;, ka.. llavmn^T " UIOIID. SADLEIR-. J^nondTorrnco, Juno 2,1850. 801» 10 THE ELECTORS OF THE PATERSON. I^ENTLEMEN-In compliance with a requisition nui"ir wi.".1" ntts boon presented to me, 1 hop- to announoe SR 1 f.CANI)l DATE for the Representation of your Elcoto "W'i «y next Parliament. 3 if ii ii.! uo mobt 'nippy to attend in any part of tho olectorato, « t» MT w'81'of "Ie doctors to satisfy thomsolvos moro fully rraim.íf.f0"T0 í ,ua11 Pursuo " eleitedi but tho scattered JE T, «i« population renders It dlffloult for nie lo lix on .1 où "?"'. without considerable inconvenience and loss oi SS i "m t0 tho electors, 1 could hope to meet any con lbÄ 1u"lbl;r pf'.'iom. 1 am, however, making enquiry on învffiî01, ana 8,!mU V" I5,lul of Information. 1 aîso feel that MiT0?? on "" mniesllkoly soon to ho dlsousscd huvo been inthT,mtl)71.ml 1WV ««Pressed that lew uro unacquainted ¡ni ,hÄ X ,lave 8.con no teu*on *° ohango those opinions, MsUbo prepared to act upon them. lnronÏÏ?re<lui8.U1.om8,8who lmvo '?' B0 flattering a manner fi t" >0 ol ""¿r "PProval of my conduct in Parliament I Al *"x.prcM.,nu,Kmtl.flo<,,lon " «"» affordod mo to find uinTÄtuclVi f? 'iave bc0" "° penerally appreciated, and to XrtTii'wU1 b.° *S 'S? a ma"or of peoiillnr Pride if I aro wrhanT preMnt ?u that now '«»»ins of the County ol I am, gentlemen, ... Your» very gratefully, ' ' W. MUNNINQS ARKOLD. TO JAMES DICKSON, ESQ., SYDNEY. WE, the undersigned Electors of the District of East Maitland, having every confidence in your political honesty, straightforward character, and your intimate acquaintance with our requirements, beg respectfully to request yoi will allow yourself to be NOMINATED as a CANDI- DATE to Represent us In the ensuing Parliament. John Kingsmill, East Maitland James Thomson, East Maitland William Brown, East Maitland Henry Gooch, sen., East Maitland JnmeB Price, Buttai Creole, East Maitland John Wright, East Maitland James C. Eastmure, East Maitland William Cains, East Maitland William Masters, East Maitland William Newman, East Maitland John Carey, Eust Maitland Edwd. Richardson, East Maitland ?lohn Nixon, East Maitland Alex. Macpherson, East Maitland William Wicks, East Maitland J. A. Downing, East Maitlaud William M'Intyre, East Maitland E. M. Maitland, East Maitland John Eckford, East Maitland James Dodds, jua.. East Maitland Thomas Ilanflcld, East Maitland R. E. Douglas, East Maitland Thoa. B. Lemon, East Maitland Joseph Williamson, East Maitland A. Dodds. East Maitland Malcolm Campbell, East Maitland Robert M'Grcgor, East Maitland William Quick, East Maitland John Ewing, East Maitland C. Whittaker, East Maitland John Crockett, East Maitland John Alcock, East Maitland Charles White, East Maitland John Kelly, Jun., East Maitland William Kelly, East Maitland Thomas Lenard, East Maitland John Richardson, East Maitland W. Ganter, East Maitland W. M'Grcgor, East Maitland S. A. Pritchard, East Maitland R. E. Webster, East Maitland Win. Taylor, East Maitland 'J'hos. Taylor, East Maitland Arthur Johnson, East Maitland W. M. Giinber, East Maitland John Stonham, East Maitland Tilomas Marr, East Maitland George Green, East Maitland David Stevens, East Maitland Joseph Eckford, East Maitland Peter Eckford, East Maitland - Win. Wilton, East Maitland Charles Field, East Maitland William Keen. East Maitland George Long, East Maitland John Wilson, East Maitland John Borrey, East Maitland Win. lloustin. East Maitland Gavin lloustin, East Maitland Win. Russell, East Maitland W. Crockett, East Maitland II. Milton, East Maitland Charles S. Pitt, East Maitland James Hamilton, East Maitland A. J. Cobcroft, East Maitland II. Eckford, East Maitland Francis Tclear, Sugarloaf, East Maitland John Whitten, Sugarloaf, East Maitland John Ford, Sugarloaf, East Maitland John Morton, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Joseph Taylor, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Donald M'Donald, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Alexander M'Donald, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Roary M'Donald, Sugarloaf, East Maitland II. Carty, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Win. Child, Mount Vincent, East Maitland II. Northcott, Sugarloaf, East Maitland II. Strong, Sugarloaf, East Maitland W. Short, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Sam. Short, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Thomas Foster, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Thomas Blissct, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Win. Stevenson, sen., Sugarloaf, East Maitland John Monnox, Sugarloal, East Maitland Wm. Cloutin, Sugarloaf, East Maitland Mathcw Stevenson, Sugarloaf, East Maitland W. Stevenson, jun.. Sugarloaf, East Maitland Wm. Willard, Sugarloaf, East Maitland S. Willard, Sugarloaf, East Maitland W. Andrews, Sugarloaf, East Maitland P. Lcneghon, East Maitland Sam. Teas, East Maitland John Stewart, East Maitland John Godfrey, East Maitland John Elliot, East .Maitland Jos. Smith, East Maitland R. Iluttlcr, East Maitland I. Selton, Louth Park, East Maitland Thoa. Jones, East Maitland William Hudson, East .Maitland James Boden, sen.. East Maitland Patrick Walsh, East Maitland James Boden, jun.. East Maitland James Byrne, East Maitlaud John Bourke, East Maitland Martin Walsh, East Maitland Janies Culletin, East Maitland John S. Shepherd, East Maitland Charles Gale, East Maitland John Fogarty, East Maitland William Bradcy, East Maitland Robert Kerrigan, East Maitland M. Moran, East Maitland D. Henessy, East Maitland Patrick Hogan, East Maitland John Madigan, East Multland B. Griffith, East Maitland E. J. Pritchard, East Maitland John Pritchard, East Maitland Churlos Bailey, Louth Park Patrick O'Connely, Loutit Park Cornelius Curtin, Louth Park M. Doyle, Dagworth John Friend, Bloomfield Edward Callahen, Bloomfield William Mooro, Bloomfield K. Byrnes, Bloomfield .lohn Byrnes, Bloomfield Laurence Crotty, Bloomfield Jamos Darcy, Bloomfield Richard Morrison, Louth Park James Walsh, Louth Park John Conlon, Louth Park John Masterson, Dagworth John Moore, Dagworth John Russell, Louth Park. Gentlemen-In acknowledging the receipt of the above re- quisition, I sincerely thank you for the honor you havo done nie, by your expression of confidence In my political character, and your request that I would allow myself to be put in nomi- nation as a candidate to represent you in the ensuing Parlia- ment I have much pleasure In acceding to your request ; and, if elected. It will be mr aim, by a diligent and faithful discharge of tho duties devolving on mc as your repräsentative, to merl) a continuance of your confidence. I will toke an early opportunity of meeting the electors, at which time it is my Intention to render them a full account of my past proceedings In the Legislative Assembly, and to lay before them the general course I shall pursue with reference to those measures likely to engage the attention of Parliament in the euBulng session. I have the honor to be, gentlemen, Yours very sincerely, JAMES DICKSON. Holmwood, Newtown, 31st May, 1B0D. 8325 ELECTORS OF PATERSON. GENTLEMEN-Permit me to take tho liberty of acquainting yon that, having made yon the offer of my services as your Representative, I do not consider it a part of my business, or duty, to ask any one to nominate me, nor to solicit a single vote ; that consequently I leave these practical details entirely tu yourselves, taking it for granted that should no person movo in these mattera In my favor, I do not possess a sufficient share of your confidence to becomo your representative. I havo the honor to be. Gentlemen, Your very obedient servant, ¡H81 W. W. BUCKNELL. TO WILLIAM JOHN FOSTEE, ESQTJIBE, Sydney. SIR-We, tho undersigned, ElootorB of Wollombi, having confidence in your politioal honesty and upright character, and being acquainted with our local require- ments, request that you will allow yourself to bo nominated as a Candldnto to represent the United Dlstrlota of Wollombi and Gosford In the ensuing Parltamont. Wollombi, May lath, 18&9. [Here follow tho signatures.] To Thomas Crothers, William Row, Henry Crothers, Rlohard P. Hewitt, Esqrs., and Uio other gentlemen signing the re- quisition. Gentlemen-Accept my best thanks for the very complimen- tary requisition which you liavo sent me ; and which is especi- ally gratifying from the fact that tho signatures ara, I believe, without an oxcoptlon, thoso of electors to whom I am person- ally well known. I havo much plcasuro In acceding to the rcquost so kindly convoyed, believing myself Justified In so doing from my prac- tical knowledge of your requirements-tho coincidence of my political views with those of the majority of you-and my pre- sent residence nt Sydney, which renders a regular attendance to Parliamentary duties cosy and convenient. I would not benefit one class by an Injustice to another, but I own my personal sympathies aro with the agriculturist and farmer. Hitherto these havo been totally neglected i but I trust and believe tho day is not distant, if the farmers are true to themselves, when theirs will bo, if not tho leading interest, at least ono of the principal interests In the colony. As to general politics, I am in favor of State Aid to religion, at leant for some time to come-Two houses I think Indispen- sable In the Legislature ; but they mult both bo elective.-Free selection 1 am opposed to ; but I think land, wherever really required, should bo attainable without any such delays as at present. The auction system I think tho only means of pre- venting extensive corruption ; oountry lots should be set up at £1 per aero, and if unBold should bo reduced gradually at in- tervals to 5n, or perhaps 9s. (id. per acre.-Tho roads of tho colony, especially in such dlstrlots as yours, require tho Imme- diate attention of tho Government, and I should bo In favor of liberal grants of money for these and other local purposes, so that the expenditure upon tho country districts should beor some roasonablo proportion to that lavished hitherto upon tile metropolis.-The taxes upon tea and sugar I think iniquitous, nuil would never support a tariff in which they uro continued. Finally, should you do mo tho honor ot electing mc, I will serve conscientiously the colony lu general, and my oonstltu enoy in particular, without respect ol persons or parties, where I consider principio to bo at stake. You have now voto by ballot. Bo truo to yourselves I And, remember, a dny's ploughing lost by attending at tho Polling Is little In comparison with tue ruinous neglect which you have hitherto suffered. I hope shortly to visit you in person and fully explain myself upon any question the eleotors may require.-Meantime, I remain, gentlomcn, Youri very sincerely, Sydnty, May Slit, TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTOES OF THE UPPER HTJNTEE. j GENTLEMEN-When I announoed myself as a Candidate for your suffrages, I did not intend to publish my political views, fully believing my mcctlugtnd ad- dressing you at the dllTerent polling towns would"bfe more appreciated ¡ but as n few elcotors have publicly atated'tuat I conceal my political principles and oniniotis undera buihel, I venture respectfully to relievo them of their Imaginations. In doing so, I feel it incumbent to be as brief as ray humble abilities m\\\ admit, and only enter into a few of the mort ira norKand leading questions that will In all probability occupy the attention of the next Parliament. I think It right, nevertheless, to inform you that I do not come forward, from any ill feeling, to oppose tho Hon. John Robertson, but consider it a duty to my adopted country; and this electorate in particular. Mr Robertson is now and has been a respected friend of mine for many years, end'hag struggled with me, side by side, in tho " liberal cause, lor free- dom and progress. 1 therefore feel I am opposing a gentleman of superior talents and attainments-one also so popular in many other constituencies. Nevertheless, some of my opponents are not Justified in domineering, taunting, or dictating to me a» to my opposing him for this electorate, and I trust he will meet me fairly, al becomes his exalted position, without any acri- mony, and If I am elected I fearlessly assert that I belong to the " Cowper" section oí the house, so long as that party net con- sistent; and do not attempt to crush any particular class of colo- nists, but legislate with even-handed justice. The most Important and vexed question that at present agi- tâtes the public at large, is the Waste Lands of the Colony, and in legislating respccUng it due regard must be had to bygone right!: 1 nni an advocate for " free selection" of lnnds, without any hindrance, at one pound per acre, and think permanent residence and cultivation necessary to stop tho capitalist and moneyed land owners lrom buying land on speculation to keep the small farmer, or men of limited means, from investing ntl savings, perhaps for years, for farming purposes ; and I would secure the trader, m no alienation should take place unless by. tile consent of the Government, until the land was paid for. II would suggest that ten shillings per acre bo paid at the time or, selection ofthcland surveyed, the residue in five years or more, by Instalments, interest charged at G per cent, per annum. 11 would sell all other lands by public auction, the upset price 5s. per acre; mountains and rocks and inferior grassed land at 2s. fld. per acre upset price, but the quantity in all cases to be 40 acres the least, and 3S0 acres the largest blocks. Monthly sales, advertised In the Government Gazette and local papers, whether applied for or not. I would have sections surveyed, and all sold for their legitimate value, and not have the country eyed I would allow applicants to sit down on the land applied for in the settled nnd intermediate districts (priority at all times to have precedence), on paying 10 per cent, or 2s. per aero as de- posit, if the demand be in advance of survey, and the residue, 8s. per acre, paid when the survey is completed, other final ar- rangement to be adjusted, on pain of forfeiture of deposit; dis- putes of boundaries to be settled in the usual way by persons chosen by cadi party, should any arise. The small farmer or poor man must bo protected against bad seasons and other unforeseen causes, as well as the largo and wealthy landholders, and I would therefore suggest that two distinct land bills be passed into law, for the settled and unset- tled districts. I would, the moment squatters' leases expire in tho squatting dlstriota, in 1860, throw open all their stations for free selection, and auction, for if these gentlemen have not secured their pre- emptive rights they have themselves only to blame; but they will have the opportunity of purchasing oswell as others, and retake their stations, or keep them until required for purchase. I would assist in opening out every acre of land available for agricultural purposes. In whatever part of the colony situated, and endeavour to assist and raise the industrious and small farmer from the fallen and degraded state of long pressura oc- casioned by large and greedy land-owners- believing such a course will lead to progress, population, and civilization, and bring tlie wild and uncultivated bush Into the use ordained by a bountiful Providence. As when railways and bye-roads are extended and formed, the country opened out, farm produce will be cheaply and with despatch conveyed to market, and our thriving but scattered Eopulation will In due time check all sorts of importations of rondstuiïs from foreign countries. Railways will, therefore, be supported by me so long as the interest can be paid on the debentures from waste lands sold, and the money di\ cried from immigration-as Buch will follow of its own accord when land is sold at a reasonable price, as in America-therefore the sooner main trunks of railways arc opened out, the quicker will the lands become saleable and bought for legitimate purposes. Having no squnttages individually, I have no particular class to servo ; but 1 believe their tenure will have to be adjusted when their time of occupancy expires-although I feel that Jallh ought to bo honorably followed in existing contracts. Tiley may have hitherto had good bargains, whilst Providence favored them ; and when the time arrives, these runs must be re-let to the highest bidders at fixed upset prices, the occupant having the preference, but subject to an equitable and just arrangement, which I will assist in carrying out in honesty and fairness to them and all classes of the community-believing wo are all working together for one general good ; and without wool, tallow, beef, se., &c; this colony, with all Its golden treasures, would soon become Impoverished and its prosperity greatly impeded. The electric telegraph is paying so well that I would advocate for its extension, so that all classes and districts may havo the same speedy communication and advantage. I am for supporting State-aid for religion, thinking, with tho majority of my fellow-creatures, that the voluntary principle cannot be safely carried out except in populous towns. I there- fore agree to provide from the State to a larger ratio tlan hitherto for the small and scattered population, and withdraw the State aid gradually-provide a general fund for each ftil/A, and recommend the appointing of more ministers of religtou for the Interior. The respective congregations as now subsorb ing aud remitting to their various heads of churches, with a lay board to watch ita apportionments rateably, and no interfereice with any form of worship-all minister» of religion to be p|id from the State-this moiety according to the last census. As soon as the voluntary principle cou be carried out, I woild support it, having a due regard for existing rights as respecta ministers of religion at present, or any future period, located and ministering Tor tho good of their parishes or districts, aid beyond the boundaries ; as It the State aid is withdrawn, 1 ftar the scattered population will soon become heathens, and a dis- grace to a British community. I would have one general comprehensive system of schools, to prevent collision with the two boards, and am a strong ad ti- ente for the National system of education-believing it tue btst mode of teaching in the scattered districts, and where all faiths compose the scholars. If practicable, I would recommend a superior class of teachers as to general training and qualifica- tion, and pay them a higher salary -, also attach cheap boarding schools for shepherds1 children and people residing in the buen -something similar to schools in other countries, and whcie compulsory attendance of children is enforced by tile State. I would endeavour to abolish the system of payment forjxxr men's children attending, and moke the schools all wee cb parish schools in England, and vote larger sums from tho State, so as to ensure regular attendance. Education in ayoung colon; is foremost In guiding the young to all sorts of virtue and use- ful occupations-arresting crime, and In after life emulates th« native faith to aspire to honorable places of trust and emolu- ment. With respect to the Upper House, I will use my utmost en- deavours to make It elective as soon as possible-believing, from the political patronage now adopted, the nominee mem- bers have not the confidence of the public. I would sweep away nomlneclsra, and have an elective house. Many members of the old Parliament promised to bring In a more liberal law for the general licensed publican. If elected, I will endeavour (well knowing their vants) to assist to repeal the obnoxious law now hi force, and relieve them from thral- dom. I consider they aro a disgraced body of tradesmen, and legislation is earnestly demanded, so that they may be protected from the harsh and unjust law now in force, anil milder laws enacted In their stead- having due caution to respect the Sab- baths and subjects, and punish the wrong doer who may be allowed the privilege of following the occupation or calling. I am a free trader In all matters, believing protection in any shape inj urious, and will retard the progress and destroy the gene- ral branches of commerce and agriculture in any country, and especially the small towns like those comprised In the Upper Hunter Electorate, and which towns will ultimately go-aheadand flourish when tho land is opened out to the small farmer, and when tlie large and selfish landholders arise from their slum- bers In so long locking up their louds, instead of converting them to the purposes ordained by creation. Besides, protection opens the door to usury, selfishness, and the great essential to trade-Incivility. I am also a strong advocate for all public works being, as taras possible, performed by contract, in every department of Government. I would assist in passing a bill to make brands on cattle and horses legal evidence, and compel owners to register yearly their brands at the nearest police office-paying a small fee, ana nl«o for examining tho registry book, as often brands are altered ; then register anew, which would check and put a stop to cattlo Bteallng. I would repeal the present Impounding Act, and pass one sultnble to the timo wellvo In, or let tho aggrieved sue lu the District Court. I would have fees fixed by legislature, to prevent magistrates and private interests from overriding the Justice of tho different districts. I would encourage the making of bye road«, as tho main trunk of railroad extends into the interior, so that tho farm produce may bo brought to the nearest stations, I am un ndvocato for commonage at every town-especially in the interior, for camping places for teams at proper distances, and would recommend large reserves being lett in appropriate localities for that purposo when the Waste Lund Bill is before the House. If you do mo the honor to cleot mc, I promlso to uso tho most strenuous exertions to reduce tho publlo expenditure, believing nt present many useless offices are created, and the patronage absurd. I consider the votes or 1858 and 1850 a lavish wasto of publlo money, especially on tho publlo roads ; and although tho contract system is being reluctantly carried out In tho road department trusts, I still perceive that Incom- petent officers aro appointed where nono aro necessary, and tho jC13a,000 voted last session reoklcssly expended on the main roads of the colony. I am totally independent, having retired from business, and. It elected, will endeavour fearlessly to legislate for tho mass, and bellevo I shall best serve you by a regular attendance to my Important duties, and acting with seal nnd honesty of pur- pose. I am no oloss man, aud think nil the community, what- ever their occupation, aro working together, as one human family, tor tho general good. Many of the present codo of co- lonial laws were passed lor penal times ; I will assist In repeal- ing or amending them, and replacing others more sultablo to an enlightened community of freedom and progress. In conclusion, if my opponent defeats me, I shnll willingly bow to the majority ; but, If elected, I promlso honestly and with assiduity to perform tho honourable mid snored trust, and endeavour to servo tho Independent elector» of tho Upper Hunter, and the colony generally, with perhaps as much zeni as a responsible Minister of the orawn-although, if elected, I promlso not to take any office under Government, and will at any time resign on the requisition or tho majority of the elec- tors who may have supported me. If thoy ian bo ascertained. 1 nm not a place-hunter, and profor being at liberty at any moment to Bervo my constituency, and uttend to any commu- nication made to mo for redress us to local matters, oftentimes ncocssury to lay before the Executive who may bo lu power. I am, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, ""." THOMAS DANGAR. Soone, 14th May, 1889. 33S0 TO THE ELECTOES OF THE HASTINGS. GENTLEMEN-As Captain Williamson, your late representativo, has offered himself as a onndidato for tho Lower Hunter, I havo been induced, nt tho request of many influential clootors in tills district, to offer mysolf as a CANDIDATE for your suffrages nt the ensuing oleotfon. It is my intention to meot you on nn early day at the several polling or other convenient places throughout the elootornto, for the purposo of expressing my opinions on the leading ques- tions ot tho day : at tho samo timo, I shall bo happy to answer any questions willoh may bo put to mo on tim several subjects. I am, Gentlemen, your obedient sorvant, HY. FLETT. ? Torreo, Manning River, UOthMay, 1Í6». SOU TO SAMUEL DEANE GORDON, ESQ., Sydney. SIR-We, the undersigned, Electors for the Williams, having viewed with much satisfaction yonr past Legislative career, request that you will allow yourself to be put in nomination as our REPRESENTATIVE at the forth- coming Election ¡ and we pledge ourselves to use every exer- tion in securing your return. Signed by 178 electors. Dungog, 12th April. To Messrs. Thomas Hanna, Thomas Abbott, Patrick Laney, Peter M'WllHam, and the other Electors of the Williams signing the above requisition. Gentlemen-I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the above requisition, and in reply will only say that I nave much pleasure in complying with your request The vory flattering terms in which you speak of my past services in Parliament is, I confess, very satisfactory and pleas- ing to mc, and I shall best express my gratitude by increased endeavours to deserve them If again returned as your repre- sentative. , I will, if possible, endeavour to be in the district the whole of the week previous to the nomination, which takes place on the lath June, so as to make myself a little better acquainted with the wants and wishes of the constituency, and to give such explanations to the electors as may be deemed neces- sary. I remain, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, 3H0 "^Samuel d. gordon. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE PATERSON. GENTLEMEN-At the solicitation of many influ- ential Eleotors of yonr district, I am induced to offer myself as a CANDIDATE for the representation of your Electorate in the ensuing Besslon of the new House or As- sembly. It I consulted my own wish, I should have waited until a re auest-which I am assured would be sent to rae from your (strict-came ; but the time is now so short that I have been persuaded to adopt this method of announcing to you my in- tention of offering myself as a Candidate. My opinions on the most important questions or the day have possibly already become known to most of you. They arc, I am given to understand, the opinions of a very large portion of the electors, and are not represented by any Candidate who has, up to this moment, solicited your suffrages. I am, I would hope, by that circumstance, justified in coming forward at this late hour, and In believing that a very general support will be extended to me on the day of election. I shall not now give you any further exposition of my political principles, as it is roy Intention to pay you an immé- diat« visit, personally, to explain them fully, and to express to you the grounds upon which I base my hopes of success. I have the honor to be. Gentlemen, Your faithful servant, 3483 HENRY C. DANGAR. TO THE ELECTORS OF LIVERPOOL PLAINS. GENTLEMEN-A» the trust which you confide to your Representative in the Legislative Assembly, borrows all its value aud security from an explicit and received exposition of his views and senti- ments, I beg leave, before asking your confidence, to state my opinions upon the principal questions at present agi- tating the public mind. I am, indeed, desirous of becoming your representative in the new Parliament ; but my election would not gratliy my ambition, if it was secured by misconcep- tion on your part, or mis-statement on mine, i Your suffrages-to realise my aspirations-must be your ver- dict upon ray political faith, altera fair and deliberate consi- deration ot its various tenets. I It is generally admitted that the land question is the one of greatest importance to the community, and that It is surrounded with great difficulties. I concede its importance, but think that the difficulties can be successfully dealt with. Many parties wish to make it appear that the grazing or squatting and agri- cultural interest must necessarily be antagonistic, but I cannot see it ; on the contrary, I do not see why they should not benefit each other. The pastoral interest must be considered, in the present state of the population, ot greater importance to the country than the agricultural, and therefore I do not sec why it should be sacrificed to the latter, which would be the case by iadiscriminatesclection. Iamthcreforeopposedtofreeselcction, and free grass, or as it has been properly called " no grass at all." My sympathies are to a great extent with the laboring class (properly so called.) They are without doubt the muscle and sinew of a country; and I would be will- ing (if allowed the opportunity), to assist in framing a liberal Land Bill suitable to the requirements of this rising country ; but I think it a fallaoy to suppose that free selection, even with the Intended restrictions, as shadowed forth in the address ofthe Minister or Lands and Works, will be for the benefit of the poor man. I consider free selection, and the upset price of land reduced to 5s., indisputably In favor of the land monopolist, (for there will be no difficulty in evading the restrictive clause,) and therefore approve of sale by auction and present upset price, for then no one would purchase except those who wished to make uso of it; the security of the publlo creditor would not be lessened, nor would the future land revenue be injured. I think the leases ofthe squatters should be kept inviolate ; bnt as they fall through from cflluxion of time, lands fit for agriculture should be reserved, and new leases granted for not less than five lyoars, which would be an inducement for the occupants to make dams and waterholes, which all will admit are indispensable to stock tho country fully ; and the pre- emptive right should be restricted to blocks of land not more than 160 acres in any one ease. When the reserves are so made, unprejudiced and practical assessors should determino what rent would be fair between the grazier and the public and if he considered it would not suit ulm to pay so much, then let the run be submitted to publio competition; in such an event the successful competitor ought to pay tho squatter for his substantial Improvements, if not already secured to him by the exercise of his pre-emptive right Extensive reserves, too, should be made for the townspeople and parties travelling along the principal roads of the colony. With rcspeot to Religion, I am in favor of State support, and would rather raise my voice to have the present Government aid supplemented than reduced. I consider to make a country pros- perous and happy too great caro cannot be taken with Ita youth, and those to whom we intrust their education should be carefully selected and well remunerated for their services. I think the schoolmaster should hold a high place in the estima- tion of parents and children ; In fact, his influence over the minds of both should be little short of that exercised by their clergyman. I believe the National system the best for small communities i the rivalry, however, of that and the Denomi- national in populous districts is not without Its advantages, and until a better plan can bo agreed upon I would crane aid to both, according to their relative number and peculiar circum- stances. Although^at one tlmetin favor of a nominated Upper House, I have seen with alarm how easily for party purposes Its political complexion can be altered, and will therefore vote for one elected by the people. Last though not by any means the least comes the Gold Mining Interest ; it has been, and still is, one of great importance ; I would therefore give it every reasonable encouragement With regard to Railways, whilst freely admitting their utility In lessoning distance and developing the resources of the coun- try, I am of opinion that these benefits should not be purchased 'at too great a price, nor at the expense or those who derive little or no direct advantage from them. I am, however, pre fared to deal with the question in a just and progressive spirit n conclusion, gentlemen, 1 will visit the polling places prior to the nomination day, and call upon as many of yon as I can, I will ohecrfully answer such questions as you may propose, and endeavour to improve that knowledge of your local wanta which I have acquired by eighteen years' residence amongst you. Do not hastily pledge yourselves. Remain free and unfet- tered until tlie day of polling ; and if it is your pleasure to elect me as your representative, I trust that when I come to render an account or my stewardship, I shall be enabled to vindicate my career In Parliament, and prove my anxiety to advance the inuresta of your important district-the district where I have spent so many happy days. I remain, Gentlemen, yours faithfully. Maitland, May 23,1859. To Captain WILLUM BUSSELL, of Ravensworth. T7ETE, the undersigned Electors of the Distriot of Vi Patrick's Plains, do most respectfully request that you will become a CANDIDATE) to represent us in the ensuing Parliament; and, should your political opinions be in accordanoe'wlth otu* own, we will nie every exertion to secure your return. [Here follow 02 signatures.] To Wm. C. Lesley, Esq., and the Electors of the District of Patrick's Plains who signed the requisition willoh I have just received, requesting me to become a Candidate to represent them In the ensuing Parliament GENTtpiEN-After an absence of over five years from the colony, I assure you It has been very flattering to mo to receive the nddress which you have forwarded, and served to . onvlnce mo that my old friends and aelghbours or Singleton, had not forgotten the good-will and kindly feeling willoh always existed between us. On the subject of becoming your repre- sentativo, I really never had any desire In that way, for attend- ance at tho Council Involved loss of time, which I deemed very unprofitable, and I confess that I am or the samo opinion still ; but, gentlemen, when a new era as It wera has arrived In the colony, and that my neighbours think that I am the man they wish to bo represented by In tho now Parliament, I feel it would be uncoiirtcous to declino the high honor proffered to mo, and thcroforo I place my services at your disposal. My political opinions aro tho same as they have always been, and Uley aro-that all men aro entitled to the utmost freedom con- sistent with a duo regard to the snfety of Uto mid property, and this, of course, is necessary to keep society together. On the subject of the Land Question, which appears to agi- tato the publlo mind a good deni, I have given the subject my best consideration, and lam persuaded that within the bounda rlcsoriocatlou, orsettlod districts, freo sclcotion should begrnntcd to any settler wishing to occupy 50 or a hundred norcs or moro of Crown lands: that Is to Bay, when a man sees a piece of land to suit him, ho should go to tho "Clerk ot tho Bench" for the district, describo tho lund, pay half tho price, and com menoo work without further delay or Interruption-the " Clerk of the Bench " keeping a registry of such applications, and the " District Surveyor " to survey thom In turn as they stand on the list, and tho "ownor " to pay theothor half of the price, at 20s. an acre, An the survey bolng completed, and recelvo from tho "Clerk or tho Bondi1' his title deeds. I am persuaded that some simple and inexpensive mode In this way, of allowing the smnll settlers to acquire property, may cosily bo managed, and thus savo at tho outset the competition and delny of the auction mode of selling. Wo huvo another matter just now In progress, I mean the construction of Kuli ways, willoh no doubt la of great import- ance to the country ; and any one who has been from New- castle to Weit Maitland lu an hour, will agreo with mo that it is a very pleasant way or getting ovor suoh a dreary plcoo or country. But It must always bo lorne in mind that wo have Just now thrco lines at work, one north, nnd tho other two to tho southward, and that for every milo the three lines advance, a debt or betwoou forty and fifty thousand pounds is Inourrod by the colony. Now, as soon as wo reach the good town of Singleton, wo shall have ndvanocd nbcmt 60 miles from New- castle. I hope wo may then hn,vo an audit of how wo stand on the score of dobt, and will also soo how ntuoh of the Interest of the dobt tho publlo lines pay. Tho opening out of a country, as tho phrase goes, and at suoh anoxpensc, Is, In my Judgment, totally Inapplicable to Aus- tralia, as mort, women, and children too, aro not produced ata j. nave mus. goiiuomen, given you my opinion on the leading questions oftho day, and wo shall have ampio time for minor matters; and. with rauoh gratitude and many thanks for the opnfldonoo you appear disposed to.plaoe In mo, Tremain, gentleman, Your obedient bombie sorvant, M7S WM. RUSSELL. TO THE ELECTORS OF THE HASTINGS. GENTLEMEN-At the request of many of the Elec tois in this Electorate I have been induced to oiler myseir as a CANDIDATE for your suffrages at the forth- coming Election. . . _. My political opinions ore well known to the greater number or the electors in this district ; but that those who haye recently settled amongst tis should know what they aro on the leading subjects that will, in all probability, engage the attention or the new reformed Parliament, I beg briefly to Btate 1st. I am opposed to the formation of an Upper House in any form, elective or nominee. 2nd. I am in favor of the National System of Education. 3rd. I am ot opinion that State aid to Religion should be gradually withdrawn. ,, , 4th. With regard to the Public Lands, I would give every facility to the purchaser to acquire land at a fixed price, for cash, the price of the land to be determined according to quality : tile upset price of town and suburban allotments to be fixed from time to time by the Exeoutlvo Council, and to bo sold by I will meet the electors at the respectivo polling places In the district (due notice of which will be given), when I will explain at greater length my views on these and other subjeote con- nected with our electorate. I have the honor to be, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, JOSEPH ANDREWS. Woodside, Manning River,) ,"_UJ. "_" June l, 18S0. / ^^_3(02 TO ALEXANDER WALKER SCOTT ESQ., Ash Island. SIB-We, the undersigned, request that you will permit yourself to be nominated for the representation of the Electorate of Northumberland at the ensuing election, in which case we pledge ourselves to support your return-believing that the faithful performance of your duties as one of the representatives of the counties of Northumberland and Hunter in the last two Parliaments, and your uniform support of liberal measures, afford satisfactory assurance of your zealous and honest discharge of the duties of the trust of member for this electorate, to which office your extensive and long standing and local connexion, and your well known adherence to those principles of reform with which this constituency is identified, give such strong claims as leave little doubt of your unanimous return. We are, Sir, Your obedient servants. 31st March, 1859. D.Jackson Thomas Grove Thomas Newton Thomas Hardes F. W. Tomkins William Charlton Robert Gardon C. H. Hannell Joseph Bedford John Pemran Benjamin Scarth Thomas Richards Thomas Lewis William F. Hookway Henry Peacock Henry Harper Alan Wilde Henry Parker Charles Harper John Harper John Hannell George Grey Thomas Hard Dugald Buchanan Francis Hughes William Mack John Thomas Smith George Smith James Jones John Jordan James Fletcher James Cuthbertson David Murray James Bogg William Jaik Henry Smith George McKean William Richardson James Wilkins George Baldwin John Francis Hugh Fife Peter Norgard Harry Myers Robert Whytte James Brown William Chaucer James Cameron Thomas M'Phail John Lindsay John Jones Benjamin Baker James Watson Edward Drinkwater John Cordy James McMulkin James Belford William Milkham David Godley John Reynolds John Gordon Benjamin Green, Jun. George Relf William Newton Daniel Lintot C. H. Shamos John Harris Thomas Hinton William Elliott Thomas Cavenagh Matthew Beet Thomas Slater James Kemp George Brooks William Maloney William Williams George Tully James Hannell, J.P. W. T. Boyce Wm. Henry White Thomas Adam W. Page William Brookes C. Bolton, J.P. William Greaves S. Kemp James Donaldson Martin Richardson Henry Dalby M. Parnell, surgeon Atkinson Tighe James McMichael John Howden Thomas Fryar Andrew Morgan Charles Way E. A. Knowles Charles Bryant William Donaldson John Smith James Hesp Edward Buntury John Boyd John Green James Lindsay Joseph Moffat Daniel M. Lawson Stephen Drummond Daniel Swain John Linton George Donald James Morris George B. Robertson David Ronald Walter Middleton Daniel Davies John Howie Robert Reay George Cowell John Thomson Robert Duncanson David Watson Samuel Sommerville Mungo Pemran David Lawson William Duncan John Corbett Archibald McLaughlan William Laing John Fogo John King William Adamson Andrew Adamson George Hutchison James Nelson James Brown Edward Turnbull William Clarke Thomas Baker William Brown Thomas Beddes Alexander Kerr William Wilson William Usher Mathew Hall William Smith William Elstob John Simms William Charlton Joseph Walters Thomas Robinson John Davison Robert Shaw James Dorrity John Parker David Hughes William Blake Thomas Walton Joseph Sands William Andrews Rlohard O'Donald Martin O'Donald Edward Parkin Thomas Wilkinson Robert Wilkinson Jeremiah Deloney Evan Jones Samuel Seley Cuthbert Hislop T. M. Mackay Michael Heffernan Thomas Lister George Chapman Timothy Mara Patrick Lenaghan Patrick Lenaghan, jun. Henry Thomas Patrick McCabe Henry Durrant Joseph Notley John Phemister Thomas Locock Walter Taylor William Webster Joseph Sands James Busk Henry Stiles John Jones William Harris James Coghlan Thomas Colling James Colling William Colling Charles Isen Elisha Langley George Griffen William Koyle Barney Keoagh John Ryley Thomas Evans Robert Martin David Bell Joseph Ramsay Peter Surtees David Lewis John Lewis Joseph Watson Joel Whreit Jacob Jawbson John Terry David Howell William Hopkins David Gardner William Mathieson Joseph Pritchard George Spence Henry Simpson James Carroll Alexander Mathieson David Dewhirst George Johnston John Edwards Thomas Fisher George Welsh Andrew Hunter William James George Thomas Stephen Powell Mark Noble Samuel Spear Richard Bowlen James Huff Joseph Right William Lightfoot William Lane Thomas Davies David Mitchell Arthur Marget Thomas Fletcher Robert Davidson John Jones Joseph Chambers Samuel Jones John Williams James Jones Thomas Morgan Joshua Aubruy Thomas Hemmlngs William Griffiths George Griffiths Uriah Broom William Bevan William Price George Albrow John Green George Thomson Thomas Salt Steven Salt Evan Morgan George Phemister John Snadden Joseph Spencer William Swan Thomas Smith W. H. Greenway Alex McDonald Thomas Aitken Enock Davies Thomas Treave Richard Gibson William Johnson James Snadden William Hunter Andrew Kirkaldy John Mahoney William Bell James Colgan Walter Bailey William Brice William Smith David Wilbram John Barton Robert Archibald George Buttle Henry James David Black William Edmisten George Grant John Brian Richard Crumpton John Roscoe Eli Chadwick Benjamin Lunn William Wonders John Wonders James Webster Robert Dunlop Joseph Dunlop Robert Greenwood Daniel McAuliph George Oddis William Gaukell John Lowe Thomas Horsfield William Powell William Jenkes James Kinloch William Mathews David Howell William Spencer Thomas Mytton Henry Wright Joseph Smith Robert Gibbs George Stone Elijah Abel John Watkins Alexander McCluckey Edward Butterworth Robert Ashworth Benjamin Hopton Joseph Walton James Stuart Daniel Gillsey James Sharp Peter Duncan David Williams John Hogg Edward Oswald Thomas Winterbottom Duncan Ross David Gardiner Alexander Brown Alfred Brain Thomas Clough Michael Fenwick Matthew Thomas Joseph Snadden Francis Henry Peter Keegan George Curless James Richardson Benjamin Warrington Thomas Griffiths William Hunter Robert Hunter John Patrick William Gibbs Joseph Wonders George Holland Michael Tray John Baker James Mason John Conway W. Longe John Hopkins Richard Steel William Dlnsley Richard Lord Andrew Robeson William Craig Joseph Anderson David Jones Thomas Griffiths Samuel Jones William Layshon Thomas Parry Edward Flood, J.P. James Snadden. TO THE ELECTORS OF NORTHUMBERLAND* Gentlemen-ThlB day I have had the pleasure to reçoive your requisition (containing no less than 000 signatures), requesting that I would allow myself to be put in nomination as a candi- dato to represent your interests In the ensuing Parliament. rohavomypast services sa unmistakably acknowledged by the presentation of Buchan honourablo testimony of approval, mid to find that my political oonduot has bcon concurrent with thoso principles of reform with willoh tho Eleotors of Northum- berland have been so long and so steadily Identified, aro facts to mo deeply gratifying, and, in acoepting this invitation to bo n candidato for your electorate, I ussuro you I fully fool the great honour you oonter, and, If eleoted, the weighty responsibility I inour. I will endeavour, If possible, to be amongst you prior to thO day of nomination, and to express, if need be, my detornunatiOtt to advocate and support the most liberal polioy, which intention, - I may venture to hope, may be relied on, as deducible ftomthatt uniformity or behaviour which has marked my progress througD. the last two Parliaments. I have the honour to remain. Gentlemen, Your obedient and obliged servant, I Sydney, 2nd June. - > To the Independent Electors of the Paterson. GENTLEMEN-It may appear to some of you, who have honored me with o request to stand for your Electorate, tbat I am either careless of such honor, reluc- tant to state my principles, or that I will not take the trouble) which your request necessarily involves. I desire to show you that such is not the case-1st, by the following exposition ofm» sentiments on tho leading political questions of the day i 2nd. by respectfuUy acquainting you, as I now beg to do, that I will meet you within the ensuing few days, at the chief places fnthe district of whioh I will giv» you due notice ; 3d, by apprizing you that, especially as the election for your dlstriot is Ukely to be a contested one, I will use every fair and honorable means, short of asking you individually for your votes, to secure my return. ,_ 1\. Administration oí* the Public Lands. I am in favor of throwing open the the whole coast coonta?, and for two hundred mUes inland, from the Victoria boundary on tho south, to that of Moreton Bay on the north, for freo selection by bona fide occupiers, surveyed or otherwise, without auction, at twenty shillings per acre for agricultural lands, la lots of from 60 to not moro than 320 acres to one occupant i other lands at a proportionate rate ; and on deferred payment« of a portion-say one- half, or even more-of the purchase money. I am aUo in favor of large spaces, say four to five) seotlons, being reserved for town commonage ; and also for rt townships along the Northern Road, and probably elsewhere. The Government should provide them, as well as the camping; places before mentioned. Should you return me as your repre- sentative, I will endeavour to have these measures carried ont, os part of the general land policy. The frequent impounding, by large occupiers of the Crown lands, of carriers' bullocks, ice., illustrates the necessity of such reserves as are now referred to. 2\. Education. Of the two systems now in operation, I prefer the Nationali but it is quito clear that neither, as at present administered, ? meets the publlo necessities. Some modification thereof must be made, and I will support that plan which provides ior the instruction of the largest number, in the most efficient way, at the least comparative cost to the State. 3\. State-Aid to Religion. ' I am prepared to advocate the aboUtlon of the grant to pnblio worship under Schedule C, accompanied with compensation to , aU parties now deriving incomes thereunder, and this compen- sation should be of the most liberal character. 4\. Railways, The main lines to be pressed in front of population. It being made patent to the European world that agricultural freehold homesteads aro obtainable in this colony on very easy term*, thereby inducing population to foUow. b. Reform op the Upphr'Hoose. I am or opinion that the Upper House should be elect!ve i the franchise should be the same as that for the Assembly ; «nil there should be no property qualification for the members. 0\. Introduction of Chinese. I am opposed to the introduction ot Chinese, or other Atlatio races, into this colony. 7\. Claims of tits Squatters. With reference to the squatters, their just right«, whatever they may be, should be respected; but when the general inte- rests demand the assumption,'either wholly or in part, of runs, fair compensation for Improvements should be made to the re- tiring lessee. In no case, however, should the pastoral occu- pant tie made to gl\ e way save to the bona fide occupant for agricultural pui poses. In thus stating my opinions, I desire to recall to your recol- lection the fact that for i ho last twenty-five years I have been living among you, engaged, like yourselves, in the cultivation of the soil. I believe, therefore, I con lay claim to such prac- tical experience as entitles me to deal with the Land Question, mid at the same time affords a guarantee that I would, in Par- liament, be a fair exponent of the wants and wishes of the) Paterson constituency. But, should you elect me, I will not go there as a mere representative of class interests, or as a sup Íiorter of any particular ministry. If, lrom your long know edge of me, you think I will act an independent part, and be capable of doing good service to the country, then it will be weU to elect me. I am so far released from business that X shall be enabled, fairly and honestly, to attend to my duties as your representative ; and while I still adhere to my already ex- pressed determination to ask no one, IndividuaUy, for his vote, collectively I now ask you all ; and should tho explanation» which I propose personally to make to you be satisfactory, X shall then with confidence await y our decision at the poll. I have the honor to be, Gentlemen, " Youri ¿uibflsUj-, WM. WENTWORTH BUCKNEL!/. Brecon, Paterson, June 1,18i9. . 3671 H ' > TO TEE ELECTORS OF THE WILLIAMS. GENTLEMEN-Permit me to draw your attention to a portion of a leading article in the Northern Times and Navcastle Telegraph of Saturday last, having refer- ence to me, for which highly edifying and eUgant production I tender the editors and proprietors of that paper my sincere thanks. . Permit mo HVewise, gentlemen, at the same time, to ask yon to peruse and inwardly digest my counttr statements, Whioh no public writer, nor oven time itself, shall prove to be «Me. nor the statements made therein nothing worth. I respectfuUy submit, gentlemen, that my claims to your suffrages do not depend upon, nor require, any misrepresenta- tions, the assistance ot any subterfuges, or political partisanship whatever. I certainly could have wished that the editors oi the Northern Times would havo made themselves a little better acquainted with facts before publishing such personal expletives against me as chicanery, trickery, treason. Und political iniquity, dodgery. Seo., &a;, &at;&a; As I have always been of opinion that past actions are toe best criterion by which you can judge of the sincerity and honesty of any individual, I intend that the following remarks shaU be strictly confined to my expressed opinions in public, or your, experience of my usual course of procedure. In the article it reads that " Mr. Dark has no published requisition." Precisely bo, and for this simple reason :-It bo happens that Mr. Dark stated to those friends who asked him to ooma for- ward that he saw no necessity for a requisition. If he did, he firmly believed that no difficulty whatever would have been ex- perienced In procuring a requisition signed by at least f our-nltha of the electors. It so happens, Ukowlse, that In conversation with any of the electors, he has impressed upon their minda the non-necessity of committees, canvassers, or any other mean« usually adopted to ensure the return of candidates. The Nor- thern Times proceeds-" Mr. Dark is indifferent to the actually expressed opinions of his hearers." Pray, Messrs. Editor», be food enough to inform the electors where, and at what meran», ever expressed Indifference to their opinions. It is perfectly true, gentlemen, that the principles I have avowed in my ad- dress I have for years advocated; I have not concocted thank for the purposo of procuring votes, but for consistency's sake s ' and I have not the least idea of shirking or evading the expnsj sion of my opinions even at the risk of listening to a few dis- sentient voices at any meeting of tile electors. I shall respect the opinion of the electors. I freely acknowledge that I do' not possess that peculiar structure of mind to enable ma to fileaso every ona. The mind of the writer of some of the eaders must have been formed In a very peculiar mould. I am not at all desirous to havo one of the same east. The Northern Times continues-" There Is a rumour that Mr. Dark is a warming pan for Mr. Hodgson." I am not aware to what extent some editors of papers consider themselves at li- berty to go ; nor as to whether In political mattera, and at) partlzans, they do not consider themselves perfectly Justified ia throwing overy conscientious scruple overboard altorethtr. Private society would scout the idea of mere rumour jusufjrtse an individual in using opprobious epithets, gross personaliUea. and insults. I believe that the electors of the William« tH5 come to the conclusion that the Northern ÏYni« ha« adoptad.. that course towards me. A great majority of Ula electors SB» aware that, at ev cry meeting I have attended in this electorate, I have publicly contradicted the report in reicrenoe to Vs\ Hodgson, and that in the most decided language I oould tam.' I admit that I said to Mr. Green. I should cooiest the election against Mr. Gordon if Mr. Hodgson rçsigued. I should like tho Northern Times to provo that I had ever been a warming pan for any man. I am inclined to think if tho editor or any other person tried me tiley would find me the most untractable individual imaginable on that head. Brother electors, di ii w your inferenco from my cours* of action. I plodgo myself, if elected, to serve you faithfully, and that In my own person, Tho Northern Times continues, and says, " Wo were amazed, having considerable faith in Mr. Dark's honesty." Now, I behove they really had more fear than amazement, and dread tho loth of Juno. Their remarks in rclercnce to my honesty really refresh me, and appear like an ousla.lu a desert. The smallest donation most thankfully rcocived, dear Messrs. Editors. They state, " It is said that Mr. Dark comes forward as a Liberal." I defy proof to the contrary, when I state that ut tho first anti-transportation meeting held at the Paterson I drew up tho resolutions and petition, and placed them In tho hands of Messrs. Warron, Carmichael, and other gentlemen, who took a part on that occasion. I aoted aa agent at Dungog for Mr. C. Cowper when ho was returned for Durham, ami havo invariably token an aotlve part in aU matters of progress. Thus much for my Liberalism. Thoîïme» proceeds, and says that " support Is to bo purchased in the manner we have indicated." I can solemnly aver that all the wealth on tho Williams River can never purchase my political Influence, nor make me swerve from tho course I havo adopted. I shall never decelvo nor desert tho electors of tho Williams ; and will pledge myself to opposo any candidate who may come forward for this electorate The Northern Times then goes on to say-" Wo hope none of the'electors havo pledged them- selves to Mr. Dark." Now, it so happens that Mr. Park.', previously to any notion bolng taken lu refcronoo to Mr. Gor- don, inserted a caution in tho Mcrcurt/, wishing the electors to withhold their promises until they had heard the whole of the candidates ; and at every meeting in tho electorate lie has fully and freely absolved ono and all from any promises thoy mar havo modo to voto tor him. It Is not my wish to make any rcforoncb to Mr. Gordon In this communication ; but I cannot pass over in silence the as- sertion of the Northern Times, whioh is as follows-" Contrast with tho dodgory that the world beltovcs has been practised upon the people of tho Williams." Now, gentlemen, this paragraph is In perleot keeping with the rest of their remarks. What magical luUuencc, what miraculous power do they possess, so as to Impart Information to tho uvrld In so short a time ! Some of you will most probably come to the conclusion that tho ovor-strulned and very brflUnnt remarks contained in the leader of tho publication previously alluded to must have ema- nated from a confab with a certain respectable gentleman, said to reside underneath us. Query? lias tho knowledge the world is said to have received of our local olcctlon proceeded from tho Baum agenoy V Tho truth is tho very limited circula- tion of tho Northern Times in our electorate has kept It to a very considérenlo extent hitherto that very few know it even here. . , Brother'electora I I feel that my interests are assisted by the leader of tho NorUiern 'Ames. I respectfully solloit . continu- ance of their favors-so long as thoy are strongly flavoured with spirit and wlno, and continue nn tagonUtical to me. 1 am, gentlemen. Yours falthfuUy, 3°2* _STEPHEN N. PARK. MR. DICKSON'S REQUISITION. 1 HEREBY beg moat emphatically to corroborate Mr. Nainby's Btntoment in the Court-hoise, the other ovening, to the effoct that my name was put urjon Mr. Diokson's requisition without my knowledge and contant« PETER ECKFORD. Maitland, Juno C, 1859. 3633 