THIS DAY. To Public Companies, Merchants, and Othors. J LYONS and Co. will SELL, at the New Commercial Sales Rooms, onwednosday, No * Two very suporior ofllco tables, covered irltli morocco, and other useful furniture. Torms- Catb THIS DAY. Te Privato Families, Furniture Dealers, andOthen. T LÏONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, _1 at their mart, Bourke street, on Wodnoaday, Sbvémber 10, at olo\on o'clock, A largo qunntlty of household furniture, &e.;, the property of a gentleman proceeding to Europe, atti '"""Horsehair sofas and chairs, French bodstoads aal bedding, assorted kitchen and earthen ware, moats fon, ohest of drawers, writing table »ni desk, Clibrao socretury, toilotte glasses an-i dressing- tables, out decanters, iron stretchers, paint«! and other washstantls, loo tables, &3. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. By Order of Mossrs ricot and Berriok, Llcensoil Pawnbrokers, 167 Elizabeth street. f LYONS and Co will SELL by AUCTION', .1 . at their mart, Bourke-streot, on Wednesday, November 10, at eleven o'olock. The wholo of tho fixtures and goodwill of that well known establishment, No. 167 Elisa- beth street, at prosont in the occupation st Messrs Fioot and Borrick. Aftor which, h cfollowlng unredeemed pledges, consisting of Gold and silver watches, aisortod Jewellery, ladle«' and gentlemen's woaring apparel, gua*, pistols, uir|ioiiters' tools, dto Torms-Cash THIS DAY. Pawnbrokers' Salo of Unrodoomcd Pledges. T LYONS -uni Co. will SELL by AUCTION, ?J . at their mart, Bmirko stroot, on Wednesday, November 10 ot olcv cn o'clock, Tiio following unredeemed plodgos, by order of Mr. Henry Marks, 71 Lllzahcth street, viz. : Gold and hll> cr watches, gold and Bilvor gu&rdi;, colonial and diamond riugs, brooche* aai jo» ellery of every description, musical aai surged instruments, guns and pistols, sex tanl-i »ud quadrants, satin and silk drosses, wenrb g apparel, immigrants' boxes, phott graphs, charts, ¿te Terms-Cnsh. UNAVOIDABLY POSTPONED to THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, In consequence of tho Goods not being Landed. Peremptory and Unreserved Sala of 64 Trank« Suporior Boots and Shoes Just Landed, Ex Eonslugton. J LYONS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, , at their mart, Bnurko-street, on Thursday, No- vember 17, at eleven o'clook, The felton In,; guods, \lz. . 5 trunks stunt army bluchers 5 do 011 btout wellingtons 4 do 4 and Ti leather hoots 2 doCnnd ) do 2 do 10 and 13 women's do 6 do 2 and 6 colourod morocco balmorals 8 do mon'o alf short wellingtons 3 do ladloi' moniel calf golouhed boots a 2 do 0 and 10 mon's calf bluchers 2 do men s (.rained napoleons 2 do mon u enimcllcd nido napoleons 8 do stout men's sprigged bluchers 4 do girls cloth boots, 10 l8 2 do U nml 11 memol leg side, fly fronts 2 do militar} calf wellingtons, &e.; Tonna-Cash. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17. Ex » O I leming, from London. Tositho and Unrohcncd "alo of 00 Trunks First-class Scaaonablo Hoots and S'wcfl, To Order. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, «I ( at their mart, Bourke street, on Thursday, Hovomber 17, at elston o'clock, 00 trunks ..up hoots, &o;, consisting of Men's high liackod blucbors Youths'st ut do Ladies' cloth patent coloshcd, extra lift* Do black cashmere olastic pumps Do cloth patent seal, cxtia goloahed Do picone uilchldo CPFS. black boot* Do co-ihnu i o clastic-Hide balmorals Do do rrench uo do Do elastic side o lamel boots Bo hal mom I morocco do Do and w union s cashmore vamps Gentlemen h everlasting balmorals, super. Girl*' do do, do Women i d i do, do Gentlcmcn'suilf prlnco georges Do c ilf | oloshcd olastlo-sldo do Do udf bluchers Youths' »sorted calf bluchers, tu. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. , Mclliournc Sale yards, 20 Bourko-Btroot west. Draught, I uU lliirncai Horses, and Hacknoys. ToGciitloincii rinnen. Dealers, and Others, TIT" J. TiOi'ilEIUNQTON will SELL by }} . AL( UON, at Hawley and Oo.'s yarm«, lourkoitre I ucbt, on Wedneadaj, November l8, at elcien o'clock, 0 draught horses 10light ii-riKsi horses Ufaddli horses THIS DAY. in BOKO II THOMAS and Co. will SELL by \J¡ AUCllON, on tho Australian Wharf, on Wed- nesday, Noi ember 10, at eleven o'clock, Huon pine, and haiduocd in log. 5,000 feet «f Huon pine, in log, 8&vm; scmar«. vmouH li nglhs and Bizos 10,000 do hardwood In log at Gasworks. Also, A quantity of hardwood, various sises and ko" ¡is No reserve linns-Cash. THIS DAY. I urmturo, Dogcart, and Effects. "VT KIV3W IN lum roceived instructions from i\ a theo« mr who 1« returning to England, te SELL b) Al ( lins, on the promises, No. 30 Wel- lington strci I ni ir Victoria parado, on Wednesday, Hoionibor Id it cloven o'clock, Cedar t Ile, ohiira, easy-ohair, aofa, tlmoplooo, iiict nu, books, carpot and rug, now iron hi-dsl i l(lirai-. iiiountcd),excollentfeathorbed, boitte mil pillows, two email iron bodstealt, largo non bed chair, washstands and wiro, dressing table, moat-safe, tablo, crookery, *o. Also, Now dogcart, by Fullor, of Bath ; sot of harness, i- iddlcrj, deni plauks, Smithfield Bhoop-do;» Kc Sale al dei cn o'cloen, hy N. Kinsman, auctloneer lad relucí, " Mi or stroiit, Collingwood._ THIS DAY. At tlovon o'clook. In the Koonin, Moorabool streot, Goolong A Larto and Splendid Assortmont of First-class Saddlery. Belonging le tho Citato of Mr. James Woo«. Jil HU J TON and Co. aro favoured witk i_ , ttriictinni from tho trustees of tho abovo estate toSELLb> AUCriON, on Wodnosday, November 1«, st eleven o'clock, All that m lucillo stock in-trado, comprising Saddle-i-la lies' summersotts, gentlomen's best hit'-Unij, and stock Ilarnois-i urlaira, gig, and spriug cart Do-cart 1 ding, and plough linilliH-11 h / Weymouth, Pelham, and snaMe Brcaklnir tncklo Saddle cloths Willis, In créât variety, consisting of tandem, gil,', »ud carrlago, jockoy, stock, and ourfc whips Spur»-plated, Gorman silver, and atocl Coach and 'ig furniture I'ortuuuilc ins and valises Welu, brushes, ladles' slippers, stirrup-irons Ulrtlis, mirtlngalos, stirrup leathora, apongo, ani a large assortment of saddlers' Ironmongery, hotiehtir, &c; C itidogues in preparation. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17. Important Sale of Crop, Stock, and Implomonts. TUCSSH8 M'CAWand ANOTHER havo ra- ll!, eelved instructions from Mr. Archibald ¡¡Donald to SELL hy AUCTION, at his farm, Moonee Ponds (in conscquonce of oxpiration of kia lemo, on Thursday, November 17, »t twelve o'olock, Tho whole of his crop, stock, and implomonts, oom prliug 100 acres oitonhay (on foot) Draught bornes, colts and fullea Team of bullocks with drays, io., milch cows Young cattlo, pigs, poultry, ploughs, harrows, dray, rollers, «o. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER l8. English Imported Roaplng-Machinos. Royal norso Bazaar. Most Important to Farmors, MM'OAW and ANOTHER bavo boen iu . etructed to SELL by AUCTION, on Friday, ote l8, at twolvo o'clook, 0 English reaping machines. They are capablo of being worked by two horse?. ral one man w 111 reap 12 acres per daj, corn or hay ; antr require the knives sharpening, and are built by Uijcolobrated Dand, of Durham. , Tii,hfvo just arrived por Champion ot tho Som, »"mull be on viow a day or two beforo tho sslo. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21. To Implement Doalors, Farmora, and Othors. " M'OAW and ANOTHER havo roooi/od « nJ_il,8tTtions to SELL by AUCTION, at ta» mtl Horio liazaar, on Monday, Novembor 21, at "wen o'clock, 12 Ball's patent criterion prlzo ploughs, ihese ploughs took a first-class medal at eaouer u»national exhibitions, vis., England, Iroland, a»l «"MMlei. 0Very °*h0r placo y,h*t0 thoy lu"ro b80B ., Also, o winnowing machines, by Garratt and Bons, or __ Leisten Works. Saxmnndhun, Suffolk. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21. Farm for Sale. M'OAW and ANOTHER have received « Instructions from Mr. William Patterson t» *«U. by AUCTION, at their office, Royal Hone T»*r, on Monday November 21, at twelve o'clook, Tt» farm of Woody Hill, situate on the Merri Creole 5 JTi ?. coT«ttmr of 60 acres of rich agricul wnl laud, 40 aeres of which aro under otoo. T> inipnnemonts consist of a four-roonaoöl »»Uieruoard houso. stono dalry, stalls»plgifny, gd garden ¡ and tho wholo of tlio lana^substamt THIS DAY 10 Extra Heavy Draught Horses. Tho Finest Importation from Sydney this Season. WW TREACY lias received instructions to a SELL by AUCTION, at his yards, 59 Bourko-stroot wost, on Wednesday, November 16, at clovon o'clock, 16 powerful drought horses Just arrived from Sidney Thoy are a superior lot, and woll worthy tho atten- tion of buyers THURSDAY, NOVEllßm 17 Housohold Furnttitlu To Furniture Dcalors and Others. Q GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUO jj, TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 13 Collins-street east, on Thursday, Novomber 17, t cloven o'clock, Household furniture i AIob, portoi, spirits, &c; Without Resorvo Pub Ho Comjpanla*. H USTLSR'S REEr GOLD MININO COM- PANY, BENDIGO Capital, £80,000 In 00,000 Shores of £1 each , 24 000 for the Publie 10s on deposit, and 10s 14 days after ollotmont of shares Oporatlons to commonoo as soon as 10,000 shares ore sold Limited Liability Undor Halnos s Act N B -As a guarantee to the public, the Directors' undertake to roturn all the deposits In full should the roquircd numbor of shares not bo subscribed foi John Halfoy, Esq Josoph Wilkie, Esq , M L A E S Harley, Esq ThoB Splatt, Esq Charlos Bro» or, Esq Sandhurst John Dowding, Johnson's Roof Jonathan Latham, Little Rcdau Roof, i Robert Sibley, Hustlors Beef William Souter, Amorican Bcof Bankors Bank of Victoria Solicitors Melbourno-Henry Qoorgo rroatno, Esq Sanahurst-Edward Wrixon, Esq Secretary pro tom Mr L H Knowles Brokers Melbourne-At tho Company s Offlco, d2 Collins stroot (noxt Symons and Perry s), and William Clarke and Sons, Elizaboth stroot Sandhurst-J H Knlpo, Pall mall Tho following prospectus and extracts will show 1 That this company inoludos all tho rich claim 1 on Hustler s Roc! 2 That one of tho claims secured by the company has produced upwards of S.COOoz slnco February, and also the largest take of amalgamated gold over soon in this colony 8 That tho company, having sccurod the orush lug machinery now on the roof, oro in a position to commonco work immediately HUSTLERS REEr GOLD MINES COMPANY Tho Provisional Directors of this company, in bring- ing it boforo tho publie, deem it superfluous to occupy much spaco In praiso of this reof Although only 201 3 ards have as j et boen oponed tho extraordinary j iolds that have boon obtained during tho last four years have stamped it as ono of tho main reefs in tho Bendigo district, and tho provisional diioctors, with out w Ishing to draw invidious comparisons, venturo to assort that tho Hustlors Roof stands socond to none Tho amount of ground socurcd by tho provisional directors is 045 yards in length, comprising tho cole bratcd claims of Messrs Latham and Watson and Sibloy and Co , whiob. of thcmsolvcs form an extent of 200 yards of leased ground, tho romoinlng 445 j ords being in a continuous lino, and includo tho claims of Messrs Lockhart and Co , Soutor and Co , Fowell and Co , Magrath and Co , Taylor and Co , Mackay and Co , Jackson and Co , Davis and Co, Quinn and Co , Quinn and Cooper In mentioning tho claim of Messrs Sibloy and Co , the Provisional Directors would draw particular at tentiou to tho fatt that Ulta claim is in full working operation Six weeks work on this claim produced the largo amount of £11,000, and it has hod tho honour of prosontlng to tho world the largest cako of amalgamated gold ovor produced- namely, tho enor- mous waight of 1 '230oz , and tho quartz in this roof has yielded as high as lOOoz por ton, and avoragod £600 por yard Tho adjoining claims, some of which oro sunk to a depth of 200 foot, at a largo outlay of capital and tlrao, havo been struggling for months against that great obstacle to tho operation! of tho roofor-super abundance of water-and seeing the futility of thoir efforts to contond single handed against this mastor clement, tho holders have been couipollod to invito the aid and co operation of capital In addition to tluso c aims the Provisional DIroo tors have socurcd o splond Id 20horso powor staam cngino, thrco batterios of stamps, and bilok building! of the most substantial character, tho proporty of Messrs Latham and Watson, situated on tho reef No expense has boon spared to render it tho most oflicio it and completo In tho district. In connection with tin crushing raachinory, tho Provisional Direptors hare also Bccurod 10,000 tons of quartz tailings, which thor expect will yield a considerable sum The plant is now In full working order, crushing upwards of 103 tons por week, and the surplus capital will bo sufficient to eimblo tho company to conduct thaja works on a much moro extensive seale Tho Provisional Dlroctors havo contraolod for tho purchase of tho wholo of thoso laluablo claims and ciushing plant for tho sum of £78,000-to bo paid for . ¿CO 000 in sharos and £12,000 in cash-to bo divided between about 70 clalniholdors In conclusion, tho Provisional Directors, without wishing to disparage any other mining enterprise, pany which has yot beon started possosscs greater claims to public support Tho following extracts from tho publie joui nab will conclusively show in what estimation this reef is hold - Lxtraet from the Bendigo Advertiser, Moy 81,1855 "Wo hoar of ono extraordinary rosult from a crushing of so\ on tons of stonoj which ga\ o 25ioz Tho fortunato proprietors aro Mossrs Sibley aal Putnam, of Hustler's Hoof " Lvtract from tho Ago Summary of Juno IS, 1853 " The Bendigo quartz roefs, which have always boon celebrated for thoir richnois, still maintain thoir suptrlority HuBtlor a Reof, ono of tho vory earliojt opontd, has lately furnishod from tho olatm of Messrs Latham and Watson Bomowhat moro than OOOoz from 14 tons of quartz ' Extract from Bondlgo Mercury a Summary of April 15,1850 " A Bplondld cako of 450oz of tho precious motal was the result of a crushing from Sibloy and Co s claim, on the Hustlors Reof This was crushed at the mills of Mossrs Latham and Watson, of Iron- bark MONSTER CAKE Or GOLD Extract from tho Bendigo Mercury, April 80, 1859. 1 Yesterday, thoro waa oxhibltod in tho window of Mr Henry Jackson, of Viow Point, tho largest coko of gold, it may bo safely assorted, that tho world han oir Beon This huge moss of motal attractod crowd] throughout the day, and it was amusing to noto the different forms of speech in which, different porsoui expressed thoir wonder, and froquontly envy When we stato that this cako weighs l,230oz , and is worth £4,70j, it will bo ooncolvod that It uossomothlng to excite astonishment, and thoro Is perhaps no bettor «j of giving an idoa of its size than that the rotort lu willoh it was roasted, and which was mado oxprossly for tho purposo, is 8} inches in height, and 10 inches in diametor, The ovaporati in of the quicksilver from a cake of this slzo was, of courso, no small undertaking, and took betwoon flvo and six hours, six bags of elm coal being used In the operation This wondrous mass is the produce of 80 tons of quartz, and tho splendl I reward of throo weeks labour, and wo understand that the noxt thrco weeks aro oxpooted to yield as muth more As tho cako will bo displayed in Mn latkflon's window to-day, the public will havo an op portunity of inspecting this goldon moss, which Id I from Messrs .Sibloy and Co s claim on Hustlors/ Ilccf Hustler's Roof ond Johnson's Roof Compared. Extract from the Bondlgo Morbury s Summary f"r England, of August 15,1850 " To begin with Hustler's Roof, whloh was one ot the first oponod on Bondlgo, out of two claims on this Uno near £00,000 worth of gold has boon taken On tho Johnson, out of two claims, upwards ot £58,000 worth has boen oxtractod." , form of Application for Shares To the Provisional Dlroctors of tho Hustlor's Beef 'Gold Mining Company, Bendigo Gontlomon,-I roquoBt you will allot mo -, shares in tho abovo Company, for which I onolose (In tho torms of prospectus) £ i boing tho deposit of 10s per nharo q* shares, and I heroby agres to pay the remaining 10s. per nharo on the above number ot shores, ( on any less numbor that may b3 allotted mo, within 14 days of the Letter of AUotmont thereof being i delivered, or forwarded through the post, to mo, at my residence as bolow, and I also ajroo to sign the Deed of Settlement of tho Company, or rules and, regulations thereof, as approved and adopted by tho Provisional Directors, when required. Date Name In full , ' I Resldonco Profession or trado.J ' THE l EUROPEAN ASSURANCE SOCIETY, Empowered by Special Act of Parliament, it Viet., Cap 2S. » » f I - ( Chief Australian Office, Melbourne * 00 Collins street west, opposito the l i Western Market. I Directors. . Edward Belli Esq |J>i Q Francis, Esq. D S Campbell, Esq I H.LA. I 1 A Walsh, Esq 1 W T Mollison, Esq ,M.L A iii Guarantee Department' Kates ot promium dotcrmlnod according to the nature of the situation for which security is required If a life assurance bo effected! the guorauteo premium will bo rcducod in proportion to the relativo amounts cf guarantee and life When equal, the guorauteo premium is only 0s per cent I t < Lifo Assurance Department Lifo policios issued upon the faithful representations of assurers aro Indisputable Three fourths' of tho profits of the society are dlvl slblo amongst tho policy holders on tho "With Profits'1 Tablo of Premiums , AsBuranoosi are granted either willi profits,: or, at lower ratos, without profits. , I Prenilunls moy bo paid in ono sum, or by yearly, half y early»ror quarterly instalments They aro such as aro charged m turopo, and. tho lowest that oan bj adopted with full security to tho assured and to tho society Jj t I 11 j i lollcies aro not forfeited, as In other societies When four years' payments havo boon mado, tho iiolicy holder^ lr unablo or unwilling to continuo pay ng, may recelvo a fresh policy in exohango, equivalent to the then raiuo of thoipramiums already paid \ or a cash payment in purchase of the policy ? , Forms of proposal and overy information may be hal by applying toi , * I I t r >, i MICHAEL O'ORADY, Secretary. European Asiurataco Society, 00 Collins-street west, Melbourne. . i, -. . , SARNIA 1EEF, Spring Gully, B*_dIgo.-.Taa SHARE LIST of this Company is NOW OPEN, prospectuses and forms for applications for Shares to lo hod at Messrs. Wray and Bryant's, Temple-court, Mel , i bourne, i Messrs. Jamieson, Townsend, and Co. Sandhurst, And at the office of the Company, Wllllamson-streot, Sandhurst, from JOHN N. MACARTNEY, See. pro tem. " The Sarnia Reef, Spring Gully, has struok gola . in. largo quantities. This, I feel positive from its posi- tion and general appearance, will ovcntually become one of the best leads In this district."-(Vida reports. Argus 10,1850, from Edward T. Harper, Government 'Mining Surveyor.) AUSTRALASIAN FIRE AND LIFE INSUR- ANCE COMPANY. Head Office : ' ' Hall of Commerce, Melbourne. , , Directors: Chairman : Robert Kerr, Esq., J.P. Vlco-Ohainnan : ' I W. H. Tuekett, Esq., J.P. Joseph Sutherland, Esq. - I Edward Cohen, Esq., J.P, E.L. Montefiore, Esq., J.P. t James Spowers, Esq. Actuary : G. E. Cowloy, Esq. , GEELONG BRANOH: Markot-squaro. Agents: Ballaarat-Wilson Brothers and 0*. Beechworth-James Ingram. Belfast- \V. N. Hosking. 1 Brighton-John Simmonds. Castlomalno-Coll] ns and Co. Clunes-Charles Kinnear. Gisbonio-HuiBoy, Haigh, and 0». / Maryborough-John Levy and Boa. '- Fortland-Thomas Must. Port Albort and Gipps Land-J. L. Roberta.' Richmond-John Wright. ' -Sandhurst-Philip Kennedy. Sandridge-Mackay, Balharry, »nd 0». Williamstown-James Lawrence. Warrnambool- Edwin Atkinson. WILLIAM MAOREDIK, Secretar?. MELBOURNE BRANCH TASMANIAN FIRB INSURANCE COMPANY. Established 1885. Head Office-Stouo-buildlngs, Hobart Tow». ¡ Diroctora. Henry Hopkins The Hon. Thomas T. Tho Hon. J. Walker, Lowes, U.L.O. M.L.O. Wllbom Crosby. Henry Miller i ,. Managor-Themas MacDowell i Agents at Holbourne DOWNING, GRIFFITH, and no., Quenurtreet. at ELBOURNE FIRE INSURANCE COUPANT. Head Offices, 20 Collins BtroetwoBt. William Perry, J.P., Chairman. 1 Andrew Sutherland, J.P, Vico-Ohalrmaa. Capital, -SO0.000 Subscribed and guarantoeil, £16*0,000. ? JOHN JAMIESON, Secretary. Mcllmurno, Novombor, 1850._ M' ELBOUKNE BRANCH HOBART TOWN AN ) r LAUNCESTON MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY. Established 1835. Hoad Ofllco-Stono-bulldings, Hobart Towm. i Directors : ' ' Askin Morrison. I Thomas Giblin. , Win. Crosby. I John FoBter. Houry Hopkins. | Thomas MacDowell, Managor. I Michael Evans, Accountant. Agents at Melbourne-Downing, Griffith, and Co. i Joseph Lukoy, Surveyor. i Agent at Launcwton-James Peter. Agents jit Adolaldo-F. J. Beck and Co. Agents at Geelong-Swanston, Willis, and Stephen. AgontB in London-Fenwick, La Roche, and Co. i ?' Abchurch Chambers, Abchurch- squaro, , , Cannon-street. This Company having mode arrangements for the paymont in London of claims for loss or average on polices offectod hy them in England, aro now prepared lo lasue policies payahlo in London ; or the same, U roquired, grantod in triplícalo. DOWNING, GRIFFITH, and Co., agents, Queen» Btreàt ELBOURNE GUARANTY COMPANY. ' Capital, £100,000. ' Temporary Offices : 1 SO Colllns-strcot west. Andrew Sutherland, Esq , J.P., Ohalnnam. Ratos of premium according to risk. Forms proposal can bo obtained at the Hoad OfUco, or from ti logouts, at Goolong, Ballarat, Castlemaine, io. ; - T. STEVENSON, Managor. HE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRB AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. hairmon-Tlio Hon. Sir James F. Palmor, Präsident . of the Legislativo Council. Subscribed Capital, £1,834,820. Paid-up Capital and Accumulated Funds, £1,156,035, of,which £100,000 is invested in Victoria and Now South Wales. '. Fin« D-FARTUBNT. This Company issues policies on proporty and goods jubject to the reduced rates of premium. ' 12 months' uiorcantilo policies will bo cancoUod on Interest ceasing, and a return of premium mado cm Bl ory unconimcncod month after the first two. Tho Fire income in 1868 was £276,058. Losses paid from commoucomont of business, 01,190,000. . , LlFB Dbpartmknt. Lifo . Policlos aro issued with all tho advantage* of lintual company, combined with tho stability to be lcrivcd from nn Influential proprietary, a subscribed iipltal oxcoeding One Million and a Half, and accu uulated funds hicludlngpald-up capital to the amount jf £1,160,035. Tho Lifo ¡noonie in 1868 exceeded £121,111. Losses aro paid In Molbourno. Ago. 1 Paymont. Ago. Payment. Ago, Paymont. 25 80 | £ s. d. i 1 17 8 ,220 1 85 40 £s. d. 2 8 6 2 16 3 45 60 £ s. d, 8 6 4 8 19 8 RATBH POA £100, WITH GUARANTËBD BONUS. Ago. Paymont. Ago. Payment. Ago, Payment. . 1 25 SO ! £ s d. 2 3 10 , 2 9 e 35 40 £ s. d. 2 16 5 8 6 5 45 60 £ s. d. 8 17 S l18 7 Tho Jionus bolng guaranteed, is not, as In .thor companies, depondont upon profit«, and Is al follows: If a policy for 1.000Í. is taken out at SO years of age. It will have increased 1 In 10 years to 1,000?, 8s. 4d. ' IÍT20 years to 1,27». 5s. In 30 J ears to 1,5122, 10s. i I In 40 years to 1,00«. 8s. 4d. Or, Jf tho Ufo dios hetweon any of thoso periods, the liolicy w ill bo added to at tho rato of 18s. Id. per cont, per annum. No chargo is mado"for voyngos botwoon any port* uf'Australia, Van Dlomon's Land, or Now Zealand' hi afariijg porsons by profession oxcoptod. Policy-holders travelling can pay their ronowal pre- miums to, or in tlio evont of death claims can be made ii oin, any of tho branches-viz , in Syduoy, New Zea- land, VaniDIemcii'B Land, New York, Now Orleans, Montreal, San Francisco, London, &c; Tlio ratos charged lu Australia aro the some those used in England. The many various modes of effecting Lifo Insuranc* i cas toitnako provision for a family, or to accomplish ?onie financial object, can bolearncd on application ta tbo Resident Secretary, j j ,_W. MURRAY ROSS. Î.TN1TY FIRE and LIFE INSURANCE J >. ASSOCIATION, of LONDON. i Capital, £2,500,000. ? DICKSON, WILLIAMS, and Co, agents, SS Flin ( dors stroot weat. VICTORIA LIFE »nd GENERAL INSURANOJS COMPANY, and SAVINGS' INSTITUTE, Head Office-82 Collins-street east, Molbonrne. , i ' Capital : £2,000,000, in 40,000 sharos of £50 oach. i j i i Unlimited Liability. , I ' Directors: Chairman of thoBoard-Tho Hon. nonry Miller M.L.0 11 , Tlio Hon. H. S Chapman, M.L.A Hugh Glass, Esq., J.P. . The Hon. George Harkor, M.L.A. i (Germain Nicholson, Esq., J.P, Tlio Hon. W. J. T. Clarko, M.L.O. r j Standing Counsol : 1 Ï Tho.non. T. II. Follows, M.L.O. ! I ' Auditors : i ( William Hull, Esq., J.P. I William Lane, Esq \- , Solicitor: 1 P. A. O. O'Forroll, Esq, , ¡ « | Modical Referees : A! Brownles3,Esq., M.D. | W. II. Campbell. i > Bankers : j ,n Tho Bank of Victoria, Aotuary : ?ii , Edward Woods, Esq. LIFE DEPARTMENT Special Features. 1\. Security.-That of a Joint-Stock Company, «ins i paid-up and accumulating capital, and a proprietary I osscssmg means in this country to moot the claims c4 ,he aSBurcd. , 2\. Premiums.-The lowest that can bo charged with afoty. 8\. Guaranteed Bonus.-Giving to tho assured tha irodts 4\. Reduction* of i Premiums. - At each decennial llstrlbution of profits until the payment of premium* cease, i > 5\. All Policies (Indisputable. [ -Bates wa tub Abburanob of £109, ¡, i Without Bonus, ago. | Age. 36 .. ..£8 8 3 45 .. .. 8 5 19 50 .. II» I ', ( Kates fob, iii« Asburanob or £100, lill Bonus Guaranteed, or an equivalent reduction of! Premium, at tho option of the Assured. 20 ,.'. , .. £1 l8 1 117 5 80 ' '.. ..222 age. i,f| Afro. £119 0 35 .. £8 16 a 2 3 10 46 1 .. 8 17 8 2 0 6 60 ,.. a ia 8 so 25 '"¡. 80 'J. ..._ Rates, for intermediate ages aro charged In propor- tion. . Short period, old age, joint Uves, and other irdln&ry; assurances effected, and annuities granted-! Ma, Mitlers and others assured against accident. I Formt and all necessary information will be tar- nished on application at this office. ; ' ' FIRE DEPARTMENT. v Fire* risks taken at the current reduced rates, te tha axteut of £30,000 on a single approved risk. "» ' MARINE DEPARTMENT. ^. insurance on ships and merchandise, la harnear and it Beti effected. __ *\ ' SAVINGS' INSTITUTS. This department is now Open for buslnoss, aa par id\ ertisemeut. > "U JOSEPH COLLIE. R^.«_-_ .\TICTORIA FIRE and MARINE ASSUKAH01 V COMPANY. Established 1810. Empowe/odbyActof the Legislative Ckranoil. Capital, £1,000,000. Head Office-82 CoUins-streot east. Directors : The Hon. Horny Miller, M.L.O., Chairman, TV. B. Burnie}, Esq., Doputy Chairman, John Brown, Esq. John Dinwoodie, Esq., J.F. William Hull, Esq., J.P. Tho Hon. William Highett, M.L.O. Sollcitor-J. B. Bennett, Esq. Agents for rocoiving Proposals: Geelong, 0. M. Smith. Portland, G. O. Crouch tVarrnambool, T. Donny. Belfast, L. Trew. Castle maine, H. Christopher. Sandhurst, W. Garnett Ballaarat, W. 0. Smitn. Maryborough, J. 0. Hooper Dunolly, A. Farquhar Beechworth, W. Witt, Collingwood, J. Bellin. Prahran, J. B. Crews. St. Kilda, H. Wilkinson. Carlton, J. Plummer. Wil- liamstown, J. Courtis. Hawthorno, B. F. Kennedy. Brighton, G. S. Whltnoy. Ararat, Kerr, Gunn, and Smith. Gipps Land, P. H. M'Ardell. Kilmore, J. Byan. Hamilton, Alex. Learmouth. Richmond Flannagan and Jones. JOSEPH COLLIE, Secretary. VICTORIA INSURANCE COMPANY. - Partios insured in tilla Company against fire whon POLICIES expire on this quarter aro respectfully in« ormed that tho samo CAN BE RENEWED ou appU ' oiuou at the office, at the current roiucod ratea »roiriu.ro. JOSEPH COLLIE. Secretar» '1 Government Advertisement*. Public Works Office, Molbourno, , Novombor 14, 1859. TENDERS will bo rocoivod until 12 o'clock on Tues- day, November 22, for REPAIRS to SHEDS on tho WHARVES, Molbourno. Full particulars at this office. JOHN 0. KING, _0ommls8ionor of Puhllo Work». Departmont of Lands and Survoy, Molbourno October 25, 1859. CONTRACT SUKVEYS--TENDERS will bo re- ceived at this olflco until noon on Friday, No« vemborl8, for SUBDIVIDING into ALLOTMENTS tho following BLOCKS of LAND : A block of land containing 20,142 acres and 8 roods, adjoining tho Rlvor Loddon, about 15 mi'oj north-west of tho township of Sandhurst. A block of land containing 12,250 acres, situate) in the county of Polwarth, from 5 to 0 milos south of Winchelsea, and about 25 milos from Geelong, near tho Rivor Barwon. Full particulars can be obtained at this office, and at the District Survoy Offices at Sandhurst and Geelong. By His Excellency's Command. , G. S. EVANS, Commissioner of Lands and Survey Dopartmonl of Railways, Secretary's Olflco, La Trobo-Btrect wost, Molbourno, J Novombor 12,1850. .VTOTIOE.-TENDERS aro invited for a SUPPLY ot X" ROPE, Chain, S.o., for tho oroction and working tho sheer legs on Ballway Plor, Williamstown. ,¡ Full particulars at the office of the Engineer-in« Chief, Botman's-hlll. Tenders, oudorsed " Tondor for Ropo, Chain, isc," and addressed to the undersigned, must bo sont lu to this offlco at or before 11 o'clock a.m. of Tuesday, 22nd November, 1850. J. 0. KING, ' Commissioner of Publlo Works. IN tho INSOLVENT ESTATE of JAMB3 WASHER PARFREY, of Belfast, In the Co lony of Victoria, Contractor.-Whereas the ostato of James Washer Parfroy, of Belfast, in tho colony of Victoi ia, contractor, was, on the twonty-flrst day of Ootobcr, one thousand eight hundred and flfty-nlno, placed under Sequestration in my hands, by order of his Honour Sir William Foster Stawell, Knight, Chief Justice of tho Supromo Court of tho colony of Victoria, and who did by further order undor his hand appoint Goorgo Wobstor, Esq., of doolong, one of tho Official Assignees of Insolvent Estates for tho colony of Victoria, to ho tho Official Assignoo of and for this estate, I horoby appoint a PUBLIC MEETING ol tho CREDITORS of the said Jamos Washer Parfrey to bo boldon bi,fbro mo, at my offlco, Myers-street, Geelong, on Saturday, tho third day of Docombor instant, at the hour of ton o'clock in tho forenoon, for proof of debts, and for tho election of an Assignoo, if necessary,, to act with tho Official Assignoo ; and unless it shall bo shown at ,such mooting that the goods and offsets of tho said James Waahor Parfroy oxeced tho sum of ono hundred pounds, I shall sum- marily proceed to rank tho dobts willoh shall thon b3 proved upon tho said estate, and dlroet tho procoed) to bo distributed accordingly. Dated at Geelong this 14th day of Novombor. A.D. I860. , H.H. ROBERTS, fortho Commissioner of Insolvent * , Estates, Circuit District of Goolong. IN the INSOLVENT ESTATE of CHARLES MOR- TON MILLER, of Barrabool, near Geelong, in the Colony of Victoria, Farmer.—Whereas the estate of Charles Morton Miller, of Barrabool, near Geelong, in the colony of Victoria, farmer, was on the 20th day of October, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, placed under sequestration in my hands, by order of his Honour Sir William Fostor Stawell, Knight, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the colony of Vic- toria, and who did by further order under his hand appoint George Webster, Esq., of,. Geelong, one of the Official Assignees of Insolvent Estates for the colony of Victoria, to be the Official Assignee of and for this estate, I hereby appoint a PUBLIC MEET- ing of the CREDITORS of the said Charles Morton Miller to be holden before me, at my offlce, Myers- street, Geelong, on Saturday, the third day of De- [cember, at the hour of ten o’clock in the] forenoon, for proof of debts, and [for the election of] an Assignee, if necessary, to act with the Official As- signee; and unless it shall be shown at such meeting that the goods and effects of the said Charles Morton Miller exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, I shall summarily proceed to rank the debts which shall then be proved upon the said estate, and direct the pro- ceeds to be distributed accordingly. Dated at Geelong this 14th day of November, A.D. 1859. H. H ROBERTS, for the Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, Circuit District of Geelong. IN the INSOLVENT ESTATE of JOHN MICHAEL MULLIN, of Geelong, in the Colony of Victoria, Boardinghouse-keeper.-Whereas the estate of John Michael Mullin, of Geelong, in the colony of Victoria, boardinghouse-keeper, was on the thirty-first day of October, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, placed under sequestration in my bands, by ordor of his Honour Robert Williams Pohlman, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria, and who did by further ordor under his hand appoint George Webster, Esq., of Geelong, one of the Official Assignees of Insolvent Estates for the colony ot Victoria, to be the Official Assignee of and for this estate, I hereby appoint a PUBLIC MEETING of the CREDITORS of the said John Michael Mullin, to he holden before me, at my office, Myers-street, Geelong, on Saturday the third day of December prox., at the hour of ten o'clock in tho forenoon, for proof of debts, and for the election of an Assignee if necessary, to act with the Official Assignee ; and unless it shall be shown at such meeting that the goods and effects of the said John Michael Mullin ex- ceed the sum of one hundred pounds, I shall sum- marily proceed to rank tho debts which shall then be proved upon the said estate, and direct the proceeds to be distributed accordingly. Dated at Geelong this 14th day of Novembor, A.D. 1859. H. H. ROBERTS, for the Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, Circuit District of Geelong. IN tho INSOLVENT ESTATE of CORNELIUS EGAN, of Goolong, in tho Colony of Victoria, Publican.- Whereas tho cstato of Cornelius Egan, of Geelong, in "tho colony ol' Victoria, publican, was, on the-day of November, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, placed under sequestration in my hands, by ordor of lils Honour Robert Williams Pohl- man, Esq., one of tho Judges of tho Supreme Court of tho colony of Victoria, ond who by ,further ordor undor his,hand did appoint George Wotutor, Esq., of Geelong, one of the Official Assignees of Insolvent Estates for the colony of Victoria, to bo tho' Official Assignoo of and for this ostato, I hereby, appoint a PUBLIO MEETING of tho CREDITORS of the said Cornollus Egan to bo haldon before mo at my office, Myers-street, Geelong, on Saturday tho third day of December prox., at tho hour of ton o'clock in the forenoon, for proof of dob ts, and for the election «f an AsBigneo, if necessary, to act with the Official Assig- noo ; and, unless It shall bo shown at such mooting that tho goods and olfects of the said Cornollus Egan exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, I sholl sum- marily proceod to rank tho debts which shall then ba proved upon the said estate, and direct tho proceed» to bo distributed accordingly. Dated at Geelong this 14th day of Novombor. a.b. 1860. H. H. ROBERTS, for tneCfominlBsionorof Insolvent Estates, Circuit DiBtrict of Geelong. , IN the INSOLVENT ESTATE of HENRY ALLD A Y ALEXANDER, of Batesford, In tho Colony »f Victoria, Poundkeopor.-Whereas tho estate of Henry AlltUy Aloxandor, of Batesford, in the colony of Vic tori», poundkeeper, was on the 28th day of October, ono thousand eight hundred and flfty-nlno, placad ! undor sequestration in my hands, by ordor of ¡hU Honour Redmond Barry, Esq., ono of thoJudjroäot the Supremo Court of the colony of Victoria, who'by further order' undor Mo hand did appoint' George WebBtcr, Esq., of Goolong, one of tho Oflloial Aaslg nets of Insolvent Estates, to be tho Official Assignoo of and for this ostato, I hereby appoint a PUBLIC I MEETING of tho CREDITORS of the Bold Henry Allday Alexander to be holdon before mo, at my | olllco, Myora, street, Geelong, on Saturday tbo third , day of December, at tho hour of ton in tho forenoon, i for proof of dobts ; and another publlo meeting will be holdon boforo mo, at tbo samo placo and time, . for tho liko purpose, and, ii the creditors think fit, to ! select an Assignco of their own'chotco, to act with the Official Assignoo. ' Doted at Geelong this 14th day of Novomber, A.D I860. ' ' ' ' ' II. H. ROBERTS, for the Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, Circuit District of Geelong. IN tho INSOLVENT ESTATE of JOHN FREDE BICK ATKINSON, of Goelong, In the Colony of Victoria, Butcher.-Goorgo Webstor, Esq., of Goolong, being tho Official Assignee appointed fortho ostato at.d cficcts ol John Frederick Atkinson, tho above named insolvent, notice io hereby given, that all debt« duo-tortlie estate are to be paid to lilin, the said Official Assignee, and that tbo THIRD PUBLIO MEETING of tho CREDITORS of tho said insolvent will bo holdon before mo, at " my offlco, Myers strcot, Geelong, on Saturday_tho third day of December, at the hour of ten o'clock in tho fore- noon, for proof ot dobie, to receive tho report of the Official Assignee as to tho condition ot the «aid estate, and to glvo linn directions as to the futuro management thereof. I . Dated »("Geelong this 14th da; of Novomber. A.D. 1869. H. IT." KO lit OTO, forlhoCommuMloncrof Insolvent t ¿ulai. Circuit DUtrijrt 0 Gouloug, . IN the INSOLVENT ESTATE of ROBERT FORD, of Geelong, in the Colony of Victoria, Engineer. —Whereas the estate of Robert Ford, of Geelong, in the colony of Victoria, engineer, was on the 24th day of October, one thousand eight hundred and fifty nine, placed under sequestration in my hands, by order of his Honour Redmond Barry, Esq., one if the Judges of the Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria, who by further order under his hand did appoint George Webster, Esq., -of Geelong, one of tho Official Assignoos of Insolr-it Lstutds, to bo tho Official Assignco of and fir this ekato, I hereby appoint a PUBLIC MEETINÄ of the CREDITORS of the said Robert Ford to be holden before me, at my office, Myers-street, Geelong, on Satur- day the third day of December, at the hour of ten in the forenoon, for proof of debts ; and another public meeting will be holden before me, at the same place and time, for the like purpose, and, if the creJltorj think fit, to elect an Assignee of thoir own ohoico, to act «¡¡li tlio Official Assignee. Dated at Geelong this 14th day of Novomber, A o. IS5D i H. H. ROBERTS, for the Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, Circuit District of Geelong. IN the INSOLVENT ESTATE of CHARLES STEVENS REEVES, of Geelong, in the Colony of Vlclmln, Wool MefShant-Whereas tho estate ol Cliailéf Stoiens Rcevos, of Geelong, in tho colony of Victor! i, wool merchant, was on tho twenty see» 11 da\ of October, ono thousand eight hundrod and fifty niño, placed under séquestration In my hands, by order f lis, Honour Sir William Tostor Stawell, Kmgkt, Uli cf. I ustico of the Supremo Court of tho colony of \ ktorj i, \\\ ho by further order under his hand did i ppi Int Georgo Webster, Esq , ot Geelong, ono of the Official \ssgnccs of Insolvent Estates, to bo tho O-fi- lial AhWiioo of andforthis cstato, I hereby appoint a I unfit, MEETING of thoOfinDITORS of the said Crmrlett Stevens Roovos to bo lnldon beforo mo at ray llicu 51 j era street, Goolong, cn Saturday the third, jj of| December, at tho hour ot ton In tho forenooi, fi i [ ruof of debts , and another publlo meeting will be boden boforo me,at tho same placo and time, for tiili like pul poso, and, if the croditors think fit, to den an Assignee of thoir own choice, to »ot witll ti o Official Ashigiioo Dated at Geelong this 14th day of Novembor, A.D. um i H II ROBERTS, for tho Commissioner of Insolvent) I Batatos, Circuit Dist! let of Geolong_ IN tiu INSOLVENT fcSTATE oí WILLIAst JA M TS WOOD, of Goelong, in tho Colony of Vic ula 1! ikor - Whorcas tho estate of William Jamoi )\ pod I of Geelong, in tho colony of Viotoria, baker, »ns on tlio fourth day of Nosombor, ono thousand eight hundred nud fifty nlno, placed undor aoquoätr* tlou In my hands, by ordor of lils Honour Robert V llliamtf Pohlman, Esq, one of tho Judges of the cuprcmo Court of the colony of Vlctorir-, who by 'nrilici -order undor lils hand did appoint Georg} Wobber Esq , of Goolong, ono of tho Official Assigaoe i f Iiuislvent hstates, to bo tho Official Asslgneoof »ni tor tills astate, I hereby appoint a PUBLIC »ETlJNCi of tho CREDITORS of tho satdWilliam., Jinics|Wood to ho holden before mo, at my office, M j cr« street, Geolong, on Saturday tho third day of lu coodlei, at tho hour of ten in the forenoon, for ¡roof(if debts , and anothor public mooting wHU b3 1 uldoi before me, at tho same place and tima, for til3 like pnrpnso, and, if the creditors think fit, to elect a i Assignee of thoir own choice, to act with, the Official Assignee Dated at Geelong tills 14th day of Novombsr, a.b. 18o0 Í H II ROBERTS, for the Commissioner of Lisolvoit ( Estates, Circuit District or Goolong à N the INSOLVENT ESTATE of STANHOPE 1 BONE, of Goelong, in the Colony of Vioteri», IorwaKling- Agont -Whorcas tho estato nf Stanhopj i one, pf acolong, in tho colony of Viotoria, forward i nu; agin t, was ou tho 11th day of Novombor, on<5 i t lOUMijul eight hundred and fltty-ntno, placed undo. I sequestration in my hands, by order of his Honou Sit William Tostcr Sliwoll, Knight, Chief Justice »I tho Supremo Cuurt of the colony of Victoria, and wh » i'U hy further order undor his liaud appoint George WebsMr, Esq , of Geolong, ono of the Official Assig- nees of Insolvent Estates for tho colony of Victori», in bo tlio Official Ass'gnoo of and for this estate, I 1irobjj appoint a PUBLIO ME1ÎHNG of tho CREDI- TORS pt the siid Stanhope Bone to bo holdiin boforo me, at, my office, Myers streot, Geolong, on Saturday tie thud day of Docombor next, at the hour or toa o'clock/ in the forenoon, for proof of dohts, and for ti o olqction of an Assignee, if ncccsaarj, to dot with, tlio Official Assignco , and unless it shall be shown at «nch meeting that tho goods and effects of the said Stanhdpo Bone exceed tho sum of one hundred punida I «hal summarily proceed to rank tho doutt whlcli Miall then ho proved upon tho said estate, and direct [ho proceeds to be distributed accordingly Dated at Geelong this 14th day of Novomber, A o. 1F00 I li n ROBERTS, for the Commissioner ot Insolvent ¡ Patatos, Cirouit District of Goelong._ ÍN tho INSOLVENT ESTATE of JAMES MO'SHAN NAfeSY, of Geelong, in tho Colony or Victoria. Clrocorl-Georgo Wobstor, Esq , of Geelong, bohl!* th 5 Official Ahii='1ico. appointed for tha estato and ouTocts of Jamb* M O Shaunassy, tho above namod insolvent, notico ils hereby givon, that all debts duo to the estato aro to ho paid to him, tho sold Offlclnl Assignee, and tint tho THIRD PUBLIO MELTING of tho CREDITORS o< thoisaid insolvent will bo holden bototo me, nt inj loluco, Mjors streot, Goolong, on Saturday, til) third flay of December al tho hour of ton o'clock in tin! foronoon, for proof of dohts, to roooivo tlio report of the Official Assignee as to tho con- dition uf the said estate, and to givo htm directions ui to the futuro management thereof. Dated at Goolong this 14th day of Novomber, A.D. IBoO j H H ROBERTS, for tho Commissioner of Insolvent | Estâtes, Circuit District of Geelong_ IN the INSOLVENT ESTATE of WILLI-.St BRYAN, of Goolong, in tlio Colony of Vioto- ria, Storekeeper and Grocer -Notice is horoby given, that n SPECIAL MEETING of CREDITORS in tin ia oro estate will bo holden before mo, at my office, M j ora ktrcot, Geelong, on Saturday tho third day of Dccoiuner, at the Lour of ton in the forenoon, at m liicli ¡lay and hour tho Bald meeting will be holden boforo jue for proof of dobts on said estato Dated at Geolong this 14th day ot No\ombor, A.n. ix ü ii.v»_.L,.»A_î ,w. u"i7-wiiiiniB3iuiiwi in jiisulviftib ' ' ' Estates, Cirouit District of Geelong ____^ IN the INSOLVENT ESTATE _of HENR Y JL DEWING, of Goolong, in tho Colony of Victoria i cutloman-Notice is horoby gHon, that au AC tOUNTand PLAN of DISTRIBUTION oí avail ablo AfcShíd in tho abovo estato now lies nt the ofllco of the Commissioner of Insoliont Estates' for the Cir l ult District of Goelong, In tho colonj of Vlotoua, at tho] Insolvent Court, M} ors street, Geolong, for the iiirtieetlou of the creditors thereof, and that any (.millen or other person Intorested therein objecting to tlio I SAine must lodgo a ca\ cat, stating the groundi of suili objection, at the ollico of the said Commis i io lor i f Insolvent Estates, within sixteen days fro u llio dato hereof Dated at Goolong this 14th da of No\ ember, A D. 18^0. f i GEORGE WEBSTER, Officiai Assignoo INthb INSOLVENT ESTATE of GEORGEnnd WIL LUM CLEMENTS, of Geelong. In tho Colony of \ Ictoria, Butchers -Notico is hereby given, that a i Al COUNT and PLAN of DISTRIBUTION of avail i bio ASSETS in the abovo estate now iles at the otlicc i f tlioj Commissioner of Insolvent Estates for the Circuit District of Geolong, in tho colony of Victoria, »t tho Insolvent Court, Mjcrs streot, Goolong, for the impectlon of the creditors thereof, and that any cra dltoraor othor porsoii interested theroin objecting to the same must lodge a caveat, stating tho groundi of such objection, at the office of the Bald Com- missioner ot Insolvent Estates, within sixteen days horn tlio date lieroof Dated at Geolong this 14th day of Not einher, A. o. 3860 < GEORGE WEBSTER, Ofllclil Assignee. 1' N tlio INSOLVENT ESTATE of DUNCAN anl i MORRISON, or Goolong and Bendigo, In the Colony ot Victoria, Storokoepers -Notice Is lioieby Mion, that an ACCOUNT mid PLAN of DISTRI liU 1I0N of available ASSETS in tho abovo estato now . led at i tlio olHco of tho Commissioner of Insolvent 1 Mates for tho Circuit District of Goolong, m I ho colony of Victoila, at the Insohent Court, Jh ora streot, Goelong, for tho inspection o! the cro- ditors thereof, and that any creditors or othor por^o i liitorostcd thoroluobjocting to the samo must loth» J i latcat, stating tho giour.dfl of such objection, ti- tilo omeo of the said Commissioner of Insolvent IMtatoä*, within eixtoen days from the date horoof Dated at Geelong this 24th day of October, A.o, I860 > , II .> i GEORGE WEBSTER, Official Assignoo. j rrocVaoe, Provisions, etc DELAIDE FLOUR on SALE, of following brands .-Magaroy's, Crown, Dunn's, Booby and Diuistin's,! Clark and Co's, ¿te. W Lawrarno, 43 i Vi lilian) street_ B UÍTLR, Gould's and Honan's, now buidiug, ox I lute arrivals Lorimer, Mackie, and Co BU1ÏIER (Wollongong), Flour, Maizo, Barley, and Bran, on SALE Hoseason, 109 Flinders lana east '_ UUTER -Wollongong BUTTER on SALE, now landing W. Lawrance, i3h William Btreet. UTTER (Wollongong) vory superior, solccted by our Mr. Georgo Whittingham. Whittingham llrnthirs, C5 Flinders street_ ÜAN -Adolaido BRAN on SALE. W. Lawrance. 43j William-street._ LACK .PJ-PPER, m bags, heat Singaporo. K. > Towns and Co , 20 William street B urXER, primo Wollongong, every Btoamcr IC ' ?* and T. Poak, western Market_ BIOGER'SHAMS and BACON, direct shipments, always on SALE, Campbell Brothers and Co, sole agents_ BARLEY for fowlB', cowb', and horses' food, prime sample, lowest rates, Thomas Wnght, 143 Swanston Btreet. BARLEY. Barley. Barley --Contractors supplied, in quantities, lowest prlco in town. Thomas Wright, 148 Swanston street UTTER, leaded aud to land. Smith, Merry i_and Co. _ lUOCOLATE and COCOA, Fry and Som', on SALE, -y I Miles and Co, 07 Flinders-lane w oat FLOUR, Rice, Rico Flour, Colonial and Califor nlan Oats, and Pigs' food Flour on .SALE, by C O Slovens and Co , 20 Flinders- lone wost. HAMS and BACON, Compton's, FrsBer's, Coey's, &c;, always on SALE. Milos and Co, 07 FUnders-lano weet._ FLOUR on SALE. W. Lawrance, 4SJ William-street. w HAMS and BACON, Sinclair's, Coey's, Bigger*«, Frazer*!), for SALE. Campbell Brothers aud Co._ JORDAN and soft-shell ALMONDS, Wslaitu, French Plums, African Ginger, Sultana atti Muscatel Raisins, mixed Splcos, Macearon!, Vermi- celli, Mustard, Starch, Arrowroot, Preserved Ginger, and Limes. H. W, farrar and Co., 99 Bourke-strjut ?weat, INO FISH, lu tins, eaili 1 cwt ; Rod Horniy., In do , 2 d lion, 1 lillian fladUocLs, lu do , at iib , itadduclm, in tius, of lib. R Towns au IC j , ,20 viililuu au cet. LORD and Co. haye on SALK, Oysters, in lib. and 21b. tins Lobstors, lib. and 21b. do. Strawberries, lib. do. Green peas, lib. and 21b. do. Frcshfpeaches, 21b. do. Tomatoes, 21b, do. 30 Klng-stroot._ AIZE, Oats, Gram, Barloy, Malt, tea.,CRUSHED I by steam. Goorgo Boncraft, 78 Flinders-lane westj_^^ MAIZE, Maize-Cornfootors supplied, lowest prlco In town. Thomas Wright, Importor, 113 Swanston strcot. MAIZE, 10,000 bags, orushod or wholo, 8s. per i bushel. In parcels of 500 bushols, 2s. Od. ; ot 1,000! bushels, 2s. 8d. Charles Steedman's, 27S and 280 Bllzobeth-stroot._ ALT, white Suffolk, primo sample. Campbell ' Brothers and Co, 03 Flinders- stroot west. RTH WILTS CHEESE, i primo samplo, now _ landing. Campboll Brothers and Co., 03 Flin- ders street west. ' Ñ S A. L ÉT^ Beeby and Dunstan') flour Crown do Hart's do. Dunn's do. > Harrison's do. CALLENDER, CALDWELL, and Co., 83 King« street._i i_ ATS -Danish OATS cn SALE. W. Lawranoo, 43J Willlam-stroet. ñ! o POLLARD on SALE, now landing. W. j_43} William-street. Lawranco, O. Walker, l8 LlOllK, 50 barrols primo moss, on SALE. Lorimer, A Mackie and Co,, 122 Colling-streot west. PASSOVER OAKES.-Mossrs. Pulver and Lazarm Ibog to Inform the Jews of Victoria thatthoy ara ready to rocelvo orders for MOTZ ES for tho murnini holldftys, which thoy guarantoe to bo cheaper In price and bottor in quality than any that may be had in tin oolony. ' IJJTY TONS POTATOES, Warrnambool, opposite leo Houso, from 2s. per cwt. i S SALT, coarse and fino, Liverpool, constantly on SALE. Joseph S. Josopb, IS Ellzaboth-streot south'. ALT.-Coarso Liverpool SALT, £5 10s. por ton. ! Joseph S. Josoph, 13 Ellza-both-street south. "S_ EEDS, RAPE, Hemp, Canary, Linseed, and every other sort. J. N. Reynolds, 40 Swanston street. SEEDS, LONG SCARLET RADISH Cabbage, ovory variety, all now and primo. J. N. RoynoldJ, 49 Swanaton-strcot. 8M ¡TU and ADAMSON. Wholesale and Retail Nun sbrymen, Soodsmen, and Florists, 71 Collinj-streai westj Melbourne, would draw attention to thoir STOCK of KITCHEN and FLOWER GARDEN 8EEÇS, which havo boon saved with the greatest care, and can be recommended with confidence., Agricul- tural! seeds, among which their clovois, lucarne, rye* grass! tares, &o.;, cannot bo surpassed. Australian 'tree Jmd shrub seods carofudy packed for foreign transmission. Frult-trcoB, ornamental troos and shrubs, florist» plants, bulbs, &c; \- The fourth edition of the} Australian Gardener now ready. Cardona laid out and furnished 0¡ MARKETGARDENERS.-St. John's Day and ¡other CABBAGE SEEDS arrived por mail. Smith and Adamson. SPIOCA, In batrols, best Rio.- R. Totvna'iul i Co., 20 William streot. r"|"\oi MERCHANTS and Others.- RE-DRESSING X j FLOUR at extromoly low price. J. Whyto, -Erunjwick-stroet Flour Mil s. TEA - Fine young hyson, in boxes. Tobacco-Chinese tobacco, best brand. Preserves-Glngor and chow chow. OKAY, MARSHALL, and Co., No. 35 Market Ftrcc( , Wodioal. ANNOUNCEMENT-Mossrs. R. and L. PERRY land Co , Surgeons, 10 Bornors-ntroet, London, havoNO CONNECTION with ANY PERSON prac tising" In tho SAME NAME in Melbourno, Mossrs. K, and ¡L. Perry and Co 's solo agents bolng W. H. Florancoand Co ,228 Lonsdale streeteost. Thofollowing gentlemen have been appointed agents for the sale ot Messrs R and L. Perry and Co.'s colchratod raedl .clncsJanil of whom only they can bo obtained. W. Ef. Florancoand Co. :-(Signed) J.r. Witt. -4 AOi Beechworth, W. Sjdnoy, T. Plnhoy. Hobart Town, Woa\ or and Co. "launceston, F. G. Spicer. A CARD.-Messrs. PERRY and Co., SURGEONS. Consulting-rooms at 250 Lonsdalo-strcot east, near iprmg-stroot, within thrco doors of tho Parlia- mentary Hotel. A1UTFICIAL LEOS, Hands, Arma, Crutoho*. ! Splints, Spinal Supports, Leg Instruments, Laco Stockings, Knoo caps, Belts, and Trusses of tho most improved principios, made to measure JONES,tar gical (Instrument maker to the Melbourno and the principal hospitals in Victoria, HO Lonadale-stroet. ADVICE GRATIS ; mornings before 10, evenings )0 till 8. Dr. L. L. Smith, Bourko-strect oast. RT1FICIAL TEETH, 10s each. Lato Eskell.'1 surgeon-dentist, 118 Collins streot east A HIS (GALVANIC), by letters patent, for ox-, .trading mercury, curing rheumatism, and all nervous complaints. 83 Russell Btreet. BY special appointment, Mr. BAMFORD, ldtf Swonston-ttreot, DENTIST to His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, K.Q.B. _ CAUTION -CUHTISS'S colobrated PURIFYING RESTORATIVE obtainable; only atOurtlss^ CURIISS'S TEMPORARY CONSULTATION ROOMS, Bourko street east. Country patients corresponded with, and medicines supplied until cured_ CORNS,-CORNS EXTRACTED, without cutting, bv Dr. Goldsthmldt, 71 Russell street, corner of Little, Collins strcot._ T.R- BRANDETH'S VEGETABLE UNIVERSAL J-JPILLS, AHcock's patent Porous Plalstors. Whole- sale agent, C. P. Davis, 188 Russell-street._ R. B LILIENFELD, SURGEON and OCULIST, , 3 Glass's buildings, Brunswlck-Btroot, Colllng w cod, next door but ono to Dr. Crooko's. Hours ot consultation, 0 to 11 a in., 4 to 5 p m._ 111, SMITH'S VEGETABLE PILLS. Sold by all chemists and storekeepers throughout the) colonies. _ B. L. L. SMITH can be CONSULTED every morning till 2 p m. Bourke-Btreet oaat. EAFNESS and its CURE, of all booksollors.-? Dr. HEATH may bo CONSULTED on hi» re- turn i from Sydney at Mr. Cooper's, chomist, Colllns fitreet._ TV«. DE JONGH'S LlGUl'-BttOWN OOD-LIVEtt JL/ »OIL -Diseasos of Children.-Mothors, and all who know tho porlls attending tho early years of child- hood/will be interested in tho following observation j by Mi. Thomas Hunt, Vico President of tho Medknl Society of London :-" In badly-nourished infants Dr. de Johgli's Light-Brown Cid-Liver Oil is invaluable. The rapidity With which two or three teaspoonfula per day will fatten a young child is truly astonishing. Children Uko tho taste of the oil, and when it is giren theniiofton cry for moro."-Dr. do Jongh'soll Is sold only in Imperial half pint, pint, and quart bottles, capsuled and labelled with his stamp and signature, withopt which nono can posilbly bo genuine, and to imitate which is felony. Solo agents, Ansar, Harford, ami Co., 77 Strand, London. Wholesale agents at Holbourne and Sydney, Messr». MONTEFIORE, GRAHivM, and Co._ D / 1ALVANISM_Mr. CHARLES KNIGHT li the \X ¡only practical medical golvanist In Victoria, 8J Russell street, Melbourne_ HOMOEOPATHIC PHYSICIAN.-Dr. COWAR», Member of tho Royal College of Surgeons, England, 71 Stephen-atroot, opposite the Protestant Hall.! IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT,-Woasrs.PERRx" and Co,, SURGEONS* Consulting-rooms at 260 I onsdalo-Btrcet east, Melbourno. B CUMMING, SURGEON-DENTIST, 80 Cou 1 ltns-Btreet, ahovo Argus offlco. Artificial tooth at moderato charges. _ ' MR. W. CROOKE, Member of Royal College of . Surgeons of England, late of Tasmania, CON- SULTING-SURGEON, Brunswiok- stroet, comer »f Gortrudo-Btreet. Hours of consultation, 9 to morning, 2 to 3 afternoon, 0 to 8 o vening._ MR. JAMES STEERS HUTCHINSON, Burgoon, has REMOVED to 27 Napior-strcot, Vloterl* parade. _ THE best preparation that can be taken at this, season to prepare and Invigorate the system fa. tho approaching summer weather Is DAY'S con- centrated compound SARSAPARILLA, combined with dandelion and potash.' Prepared only byOharlea i Day, chcmiBt, 27 Lonsdalo-stroet west. Bulldut* Materials. ARBROATH FLAGGING, and Kangaroo Pola- . Freestone, In blocks and sills, at No. HO Flindorjt ano west. '_ ASH, oak, and hickory PLANKING, 1 inch to 3 inches Baltic logs, deals, and battons. American clear plue, T, and G. flooring, «helving.1 Deals, white-pine logs, pitch-pine flooring. ' Oregon, from 1 to 4 in., planking, in logs, 10 x 8 . to IB x 16, up to 70 foot in length. Colonial hardwood, all sizes, sawn, hown, and ' split. New Zealand Kauri pine. Jolnora' work, colonial and imported, or made to ordor-mouldings, architraves, and skirtings Shoot lead, -slates, and flro- brieks, flagging Marble and enamelled slate chlmnoypleces Builders' Ironmongery, galvanised and corrugated l Iron ' , English and Scotch Eine, plain and galvanised ! " water-pipes. Hoppers and shoos, ridge-c&pping.; The whole of our business has been removed to our new steam sawing, planing, and moulding mills and ' t mbor-jards, Collins- stroot and Flinders lane weit, nearly opposite to the Hillway Terminus. EDMUND, WESTBY and Co., Melbourne. LAIR and Co., lime and cemont stores, 01 Flinders lano wost, havo on SALE, 3Ü0 barrels ploster-of-parls, landing ex Herald of the East and Helen Hood 400 do. Wouldnara's cement 800 do. Hilton's and Knight. Bevan, Aid Co.'s do. 200 do. Sir William Maxwell's Roman do. Geelong and Heads rocho lime, laths, hair, &e;, i lOKUUUATKD IRON.-QALVANISED OOKltl/" V.» GATED IRON, «i, nnd30s. per ctft. 41 Little liourkcttroet CMt. B American clear pino T. and G. white pino T. and G. yoUowpino, pino log's architraves Asb,Eiigli=bandAmorican Balttt red and whito deals, battons, logs, spars Blackwood Cement - Portland, best . brands, Roman, do ; Palian, course and super Cedar, in ¡ogs and boards Doon?-Giats, panel, and , ledge DraiA-plpos Vire bricks Flouring, Baltic rod and vi bite, Scotch proparod Glass) Galvanised and cast iron, do*n pipe and spouting, w(th fittings, &c.; Hardwood, m log, plonks, and scantlings, ali full cut Hickjiry Hearths, Arbroath ond slate CARRON TIMBER TAB», 72 Flmdors-lant and 68 Flinders-street east. LA TROBE-STREET 8AWING- and MOULBINGt MILLS, Near tho Exhibition Building. Large and assorted stock of budding materials, cona Huon pino Kaurio pine, In logs and. boards Loddon, from 10 to 50 feat Laths - American saw», Baltlo split, V.D.L. do. Lime, roche, slaked Liningboards Mantelpieces-Cedar, deal. onamelled slate, marbi» Mouldings Oregon timbor, assorts!. sizes . Oak, English and America«. Palings, best Mersey Posts and rails . Pavement -- Arbroath, Caithness, Yorkshire Sheet-lead, assorted Slates, best Bangor, 4*. Skirtlngboords Shingles Turned work Venotian shutters * Weatherboards, dressol and rough, assorte 1 widths and thicknesses Windows, glazed au* \--.- hung. ' Joiners w ork of ovory description mado to order, oia tho promises Gop-ls kept dry in sheds, thoreby effootlng consider- able Mvlng in cost of carriage to the interior. All, orders (as hitherto) promptly oxooutod, auot goods »tint oiily of approved quality, and suitable foe the pill posts required EDAH-20,000 feet prime LOGS, ox Oolde» ' ¡Spring, just landed, on SALE. Thomas Wright. Swanston sticct. CEDAR - 20,000 feet prime LOG CEDAR, now |)iu,lied, Australian Wharf, on SALE, Thema« Wright, 113 Swanston stroot T7 X12 ! j inttiiuis, all size. Lowest prices the tra*?.. 7 Queen street. FitíüiT THOUSAND Block and whito MARBLE j {FLOORING TILES, 12 Inches Bquaro, cheap. Djcr and Co , 7 Queen strcot. ¡LAGGING-Tooled and polished FLAGGINafer 1 j S A L B. Campbell Brothers and Co., 03 FluUer». streot wtut LlilK and CEMENT STORES!. 500 barrels Wouldhom's patent Fortland. 850 no Knight, Bovanand Co.'s do. Í00 do. White's do. * <(51 do Si IVm Maxwell's Roman 150du French, dolls,6d per barrel 2J50 do Hcnshaw's supor. plaster paris. Thi largest and cheapest stock in tho trade. 1 Lime Heads roche and slatked, always fres» Geelong niche, superior quality, picked. , DYER nnd Cn , 7 Queen street. , 1",N> HUNDRED THOUSAND FEET SOOTOHt 1 \J I KLOOUING and LINING, SELLING OFF, choap, at Soinplo's timber-yard, Nicholson-street* Corlion _ PLAS! LR-PAR1S, 250 barrels Henshow's fine and ^bupcrfine, now landing. Dyer's cement stores, 7 Queen-street. -1 -< PLA8i'BR-OF-PARI8, 54 barrels. R. Towns an« I Co., 20 Wllllam-fltreet. T~i I T~ E - G L AB S. I The substribor hogs to direct tho attention of architect', builders, nnd purchasers to hil present» stock} which coimiâta of a largo assortment otsbso-i» fromfll feet x 5 foot downwards, at greatly reduce*, pricob Henry Brooks, Stephen-street south, and liff flinders street cast. PLATE GLASS, at gicatly reduced prices Honrjr Brunks, Stopbeu-strctt south and Flindors-strcea cast ;_^___ HOP FRON l'S.-Ohanco's thick shoot WINDOW OLA--S Mzcb, fi omCO x 40 downwards, Henny Brookh, Mcphon streot and Flinders- street eut. SLATES, best Bangor, 20 x 10, now landing.1 I Gregory's Timber yard, William street, opposite 1 Wcttt-ni Markut. SLATES, bout duchess and countess, now landing .? ¡Australian Wharf. Watson and Johnson, Low- dale Urci t east rpEN THOUSAND white FIREBRICKS (English X j umko) on SALE, cheap, at Dyer's lime stores, % VTÍOULDHAM PATENT PORTLAND OEMENr» T t| 400 barrels now landlug, ox Stoto of Mains. T>\ or.'s, 7 Queen-street._ I Money. A DVANCES mado by Marks and Barnott, pawo. JA. bioktrb, 107 Elizabeth street. Lowest roto «C intorest in Melbourne. A AVANCES MADE at hair the usual rate of ha- llt rust, at the oldest and most Becuro pawnbraklnsx < stabllshipeiit in Melbourno Cohen and Marks» 1S7 Eluaholh street, next Hockin'a Hotel, ant 12K Russell strcot. ADVANCES mado Immediately on mortgage, »r ¡dipoKit of deeds. Stritt secrecy .obsorred. 84 Chaiuierj lane A ¿VANCEtj -£¿0 to £6,000 ready, deposltine J\\. I dtcdi, or mortgage Money aafoly invested, at liboral ititi rest. John Buchan's money offices, 67 Little) Collins street cast. JJ <|BUILDIKG SOCIETY Low premium. Hug i;ins. conimihblon agent, Commercial- chambers, Swan- ston ptrcot_ _^^^^ TA/TONET -£20, £TO, £40, £60, £60, £70,£89, £9». 1t1| £100, £2u0, £300, to LEND on deposit of deeds. William Gledhill, 32 Lonsdale street west_ Tt/TONKY -LOANS on personal security, deposition. JLYJLJ of deeds, pronils»orj notos, and guarantee«. o itaíiiablo at the Mtlbounio Investment and Looa rum}Ollie), 74 Chancory-lane_ M'ONLY ready for ADVANCE upon ovory desorlp J . tlim of property, on application to Fi Spence» J l8 Swanston streot. yu 'ONEY. - ADVANCLS roany on dbposit ut lil tdn, 1 pon any description of Froohold. , House or Lauded Proporty, for short or lons peuqcls, in punis of 102, 20Í, 802. 402, 602., 602., 702.. bOI ,1001,2002, 3002, 4001, to 5002. Parties can bo attpmmndatod w ith cash this day, in any of the «bov«. amount» 6002., 7002 , 800Î, 9002., 10O0I., to 6,000!.. and ¡from that to 10,0001, on mortgage, without i1 clay To the borrower It orfers unusual adran, t igol,{as the strictest privacy may bo dopended apon« thora i being no othor business transacted at the»« offices. ' J THOMPSON'S money offloeB, 66 and 68 Llttl« Collin» street east, noxt City Police Court, Swanston« MONEY - The Australian Trust Company will J LI ND, al thecurrentrateof interest, uponmort rngol of first-class freeholds, SUMS from £500 t« ?Q ¡R ROGERS, Mochanlcs' Institution-building». JlV, 1 ADVANCES promptly mado, on dopoait Ot deedsj No law charges. SEVEN HUNDRED POUNDS for INVESTMENTE on mortgage, by Mr UeUicar, Eldon chambers. UOnk place, Chancery lane. THE oldost and most secure pawnbroklng esta- blishment in Melbourne. MONEY LENT at linlf tho usual rate of Interest Cohen and Marks, 181 Elizabeth-street, next to Hookin's Hotel, and at IBS. Russpll street. HE 'undersigned aro prepared to make liboral, 'ADVANCES on WOOL and other cargo shlppodl by tho Black Bull and Eaglo Lines of Pockets, oither t«t Lherpool or London BLIGHT BROTHERS and Co , Flinders-lane NCLE TOM continues to charge a FARTHING lit thoSHILLING, any SUMS. 177 Lonsdale-abrcefi ! ¡ Wines, Spirits, &o.; ALE, Gundry, Downo, and Co.'s colobratod Doisot, 1 in bulk and bottle. Miles and Co., 07 Fllndors liuio west OTTLED SI OUT on SALE, by the undersigned. , ' in splendid condition. William Nicholson aiuli, Co, IS Flinders-Btroet wost_ «' CIDER, of the finest quality, can be hod at T>J Pctorson's cordial manufactory, 165 Swanston« stieet CHAMPAGNE, Pale Sherries, bulk and bottled. I Old Port Wine, in bottlo. Geneva, V. H anti C, rod and green cases. H. W. Farrar and Co , 9> ; Bourke street west. EI'FREY'S, Fulton's, and Tounger's celebrate* 1 'Edinburgh and AUoa ALES, in bulk and bottle, just landed, and on SALE. Alex. Maofnrlan and Co " I'llnflcrn lane._1 TVTOW landing, Bast's PALE ALE, for bottling, ra Vi coivod direct from these celebrated brewers. 1 -abols have been rocelvcd from Messrs. Bass and O« . and '«111 bo supplied to bottlers. Parbury, Lamb. alni Co , 4 Collins-stroot west, ON SALE, by the nndorahrnod,-. i Claret, 3,000 cases, various branda Bass's ale. No. 8, ex late arrivals Bottled ale and porter 1 1 Brandy, U. V., in bulk and casa French confectionary, ¿¡0. 1 JUNG BROTHER8, D'AVIS, and Co,, 4 Fliaderf»* lane ,\\\ est. JbT , SALE, by tho undersigned,---. Dcmcrora rum Martoll'g dark brandy Renault's case brandy Port wine, in quarter-casks Gonova (halt-cases). EDMUND WESTBY and Co. O PORT WINE.-On SALE, by the unaerslrxodt. 1 Quarlee Harris's four grape, in 1-dozen ease«. MThorson, FranclB, and Co, 28 King-street. THE undersigned aro in receipt of regular «hlp> monts of Booth's celobrated OLD TOM and Dal dora lane west. YINEGROWERB" BRANDY, hhds. and case**' Champagne and Chambertin, Jumólo» Bun. Whisky 8mith, Merry, and Co._ ?\TTINB- PORTS and 8HEHB1ES, median and T T very fine qualities, In hhds. and quarter-oMut^; Miles and Co,, 97 Flinders lime west. < 