AB8TBA0T OF BAIEB BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Veins. 8. GiuruM and Co.-At their rooms, Collina. atreet east-American stove, pictures, furniture, and miicollancous gooda ; also, Youngmau'aHfo, ' ¡Se Mr. B. 0. LUSCOMBE,-At the Emeu Hotel, Bouverie street-Business premises, corner of Bouverie and Barkly streets Messrs. W. EASBY and Co.-At their rooms, Collins. street-Books. Mr. H. HORNER -At hie rooms, Brunswick strcot ' Books, knlttingcaies, and wcikboxes; household ; furniture, immigrants' boxes. I Vr. H. BBAticiiAiir.-At his rooms, 24 Lonsdale-strcet east-Oloarlng-out sale of furnlluro, upholstorera* trlmmingB, Se. « ^ Hr. J. BELLIN.-On the ground-Allotment of land, Hodgson's Punt-road, Collingwood. Mr. J. Lemo.-On the premisos, Mollison street, East Collingwood-Iron houso. i Balea by Auotioa, ' -_-| MONDAY, MARCH 7. To Grocers, Doalors, and Others. 26 Kegs Wollongong Butter. New Shipment. G.M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, ¡JL» In his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, arch 7, at eleven o'clock, 26 kegs Wollongong butter. Now shipment. Actual weight», _No Beservo. MONDAY, MARCH 7. To Confectioners, Grocer , and Others. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTI ,_.J In his rooms, Collins-streot, on Monday, arch 7, at eleven o'clock, D cases assorted confectionary 60 do assorted jams. To close an Invoice __^_No Reserve, MONDAY, MABOH 7. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, 20 Hhds. Ale. On account of whom it may concern. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTIO N. J\, « in his rooms, ColllnB street, on Monday, Sar cn 7, at eleven o'clock, 20 hhds. Burton ale. To be sold for account of whom It may concern. ^_Without Beiervo. MONDAY, MARCH 7. To Grocers and Others. SO Cases Wax Testas and Wood Matches. i To bo Bold to Close Accounts. | âG, M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, . in his rooms, Colllni-street, ou Monday, A 7, at eleven o'clock, 20 cases wax vestas and wood matches. To close accounts. No Beservo. MONDAY, MABCH 7. 200 Barrels Gallego Flour. 100 Half-Barrels Wbito Beans. 6 TODB Split Peas. âG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, . in his rooms, Oolllns-Btrcet, on Monday, h 7, at eleven o'clock, 200 barrels Gallego flour 100 half-barrels white beans E tons split pesB. All In guaranteed order and conultlon. _Terme Liberal. MONDAY, MARCH 7. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. 100 Boxes Candles (Star). 600 Bushels Scotch Oats. A G. M'COMBE will ¡SELL by AUCTION, wti» in bis rooms, Colliss-strcot, on Monday, Starch 7, at eleven o'clock, 100 boxes candles (Star) £00 bushels Scotch oats 14 boxes tobacco 81 firkins Kiel butter. To bo Bold to close conslgnmon Terms at Balo. MONDAY, MARCH 7. To Publican« and Others. 100 Cases Ale and Porter, Halt and Half. IA G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, Xl» in bia rooms, Collins streot, on Monday, Darch 7, at eleven o'clock, 100 cases ale and porter, half and half. All guaranteed, and In first-rate condi Terms at Bala POSTPONED till WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9. TO tho Boot and Shoo Trade of Melbourno, Geelong1, Ballaarat, Bendigo, &c; large Bale of English and American Boots and Shoos, all of Superior Quality and in Splendid Condition. A G. M'COMBE is infitiucfed to SELL by ^\ a AUCTION, In his rooms, Coilins- btrott, or» wednesday, March 0, at eleven o'clock, The following invoices of well-asBortcd and firet-clais loots and shoes, viz. : 1\. Homan and Co.'s manufacture. § 816-1 trunk, 60 pairB, calf wellington boots, clumped . BIO-1 do, 60 pairs, calf wellingtons t 817-1 do, same as 816 ' 818-1 do, 86 pairs, grain hldo napoleons, Bprigged SIS-1 do, 12 pairs, enamelled liido napoleons; 26 pairs, emperors, do do 3S0-1 do, 60 pairs, calf prince george boots, clumps SSI-1 do, 60 pairs, calf prince george boots, sprigged S22-1 do, 60 pairs, calf front lace shoollrg boa's 828-1 do, 10 pairs, grain hide napoleons 321-1 do, 10O pairs, ladies' black kid boots, elastic sides 826-1 do, 60 pairs, ladies' merool cilf and cordo- van boots 826-1 do, 60 pairs, ladies' kid boot«, clastic ildeB 827-1 do, 100 pairs, ladles' kid adelaide boots 828-1 do, 76 pairs, ladlot' cloth adelaide boots 829-1 do, same as 828 S80-1 do, 100 pairs, cloth and cordovan booti 881-1 do, 100 pairs, grain-front boots. 2\. Benson Elley's manufacture. 218-1 trunk, 72 pairs, men's carpot slippers 220-1 do, same as 219 221-1 do, 60 pairs, medium Spencer's elastic fits 222-1 do, 60 pairs, 2 men's kid-leg boots, calf elastic i 228-1 do, 26 pairs, 2 medium short wellingtons. 8\. Goods, by other makeis. 14 trunks watertight!) 10 do lace boots, rough brsddcd 16 do wellingtons, broEs sprigged 10 do grain hldo diggora' boots. 4\. American boots. 60 uses clumped soled n ollingtons 40 do indlarubber boots and over charges. The attention of the trado Is particularly directed to the above «nie of very supeiior end seasonable) toots. The goods will nil bo on view early on the,' norning of sale, and open to tho inspection of tia trade. '< Terme-Under 1007. cash; at and at ovo that zmon nt, approved acceptance at three montha'dato, AUCTIONEER' î<OTICB. THE final SALE of (he remainder of tbe valuable stock in-trodo of Mr. F/anntris POST lu NED tolhursrlny next, March 10, commencing' precisely at cloven o'clock. Particulars of the articles to bo Bold (Including tho medicinal bottles) will bo duly announced in a futuro advertisement. i J LYOÎ S aid Co , auctioneers. Mart, Bourte-Btree», Maich 1,1860 I PBELIM1HABY NOTIOE. Important to Ironmongers, Builders, end All Whom It May Concern. On an Early Day. Extontivo and Unreserved Sale of Handsomely Carved Mantelpieces. Begtster Grates, Largo Kitchen Ranges, Baddlery, And A Large Quantity of Other Merchandise. J LYONS and Co. have been favored with M instructions from J. R. Pascoe, Ecq,, to SELL Hy PUBLIC AUCTION, at hie store, in Collins »trcet, on an early day. I A large quantity of merchindiso, full particulars of which will appear in to-morrow's issue. MONDAY, MARCH 7, To the Trade of Melbourne, Geelong, and tho Gold- fields. Xxteni vo and Unrescned Balecf 81 Trunks of Boots and Shoes. Just Landed. JL TONS and Co will SELL by AUC . TION, by ordtr of tho importers, at their mart, Bturko-itrcot, on Monday, March 7, at < leven o'clock, 96 trunks of boots tnd shoes, just landed, the ?whole having been selected by the Importers, Tis. : 10 trunks women's sloth goloihcd loots, T P.H. 10 do children's do, 0 to 9 10 do do, 10 to l8 6 do goat balmoials, 8 to C 1 do do, 0 to 9 4 do do, 10 to l8 6 do ladies' patent balmoials 6 do do spring side do 6 do ladies'sup cloth boots, sprinj E dCB 6 do women's tup. cloth do, beela 4 do children's cashmere do, 0 to 0 4 do do, 10 to l8 4 do kid balmorals do, 6 to 9 4 do do, 10 to l8 4 do ladles' grained balmorals, B.Jclvrnp 4 do cloth boots, gotoilied welts. Also, 10 do men's sup. bluchers C do do watertightB 4 do gentlemen's sup, wellington« 2 do do balf-welllngtons 2 do sup. oxonlans and dress boots 2 do boyB' and youths' assorted wolllnpton3, &o.; Terme, Liberal, declared at time of Bale. ~ THURSDAY, MABOH 10. I Icsitlve and Final Salo of tbo whole of the remaining fitcck-iu-Trido of Mr. J. Flanner, of tho Etna Glass Warchoutc, Bourke street cast. "?"ONS and Co. will SELL by AUO «ri the prcmlies, Bourkc-Btrcet (the Etna "rtdsy. March 10, atelcven o'clock, '.o stcck-ln-trade of the pro« . MO»k -__ i-r?Ä°Ä.t %' -r, article suited prietor, Mr. J.?"""»; E'CB e>. _ "Me famille* The stock to bo sold comp. -. crtx*. no the requirements of hotelkeepe,., ^ _*Bd P»VieAÄÄ"wbleh, will also bs sold, , - I -.^ÄÄ of ¿.'diemal bottles, to s!'*S, Term»"*' I TUESDAY, MAROH 8. ( m -t rrcl"nini»'y Announcement of «ala of -rtWholoof the Valuablo StooB-iii-l'rado of Hem. _, M- Marks and Co., Wholoulo Clothiers, &c;, 110 FJIzabeth-stroet. I T LYONS and Oo. are favored with in . I» atructtons from Moasrs. M. Marks and Co., to BELL by AUCTION, on the premises, 110 Rllziboth tlreet, on Tuosdsy, March 8, at elovcu o'clock, I The whole of their valuable stock-in-trade, consist- ing of j Ready-made clothing, drarory, h.bordaehMy, hosiery, &e.; Full particulars of which will be given in to-mor , i OW'B issue. Terms-Cash. , WEDNESDAY, MAROH 0. Pawnbroker's Salo. i i Undor Act of Council. J LYONS and Oo. will BELL by AUO . TION, at their mart. Bomko-atreot, on Wed nesday, March 9, at elovon o'clock, The iollowing unredeemed pledger, up to November 0,1858, viz. : I Gold and silvor watches, by Dent and other! ; diamond and colonial gold rings, surgical in- struments, gun«, pistols, ladies* and gentle I men's w carin g-apparol, &c.; The wholo of the abovo goods aro for positivo anel unreserved solo by ordor of Mr Jcscph Cohen, llconsed pi«nbroker, 210 Bourke-street east. I Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, MAROH 8. Peremptory and Important Sale of The wholo of the Valuablo Stock-in-Trade of Messrs. M. Marks und Co., Wholesale Clothiers, i.e., 110 Elizabeth street. J LYONS und Co. aie íavored with in . struclions from the proprietors, Messrs. M. Marks aud Co., to SELL by AUCTION, on the pro- mises, 110 EIlzaboth-Btrcot, on Tuesday, March 8, at eleven o'clock, The wholo of tho valuablo stock-in-trade, without the slightest resorve, by reason of thoir removal to other more contrai premisos. The stock consists ot- ' Ready-ma.o summer and win ter olothln Beautifully assorted doo and other suits Fnncj tweed and othertrouaers Bcgatta, swiss, and linen shirts Assorted hosiery Crimean shirts , Flannel shirts _ Electro colored flannel shirts Grey heavy cloth jumpers Assorted oallcces , Mcrlnooa < Flannel drawer» Doo and other sacs French and other felt hats <^ Ladies'drosses ' . Assorted baizes Fancj works, in groat variety. Together nitb, A largo atsortrocnt of goneral morchaudlso, ault, ablo to tbo wants of gcnoral atorokcopors, country doalors, and the general trado. Purchasers will obserto that the whola will be sold (othohighest bidder, nndi Without thoslightost resolve. Termo at Bale. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. At tho Now Cattle Yards. Now Market Hotel, Flemington. Without Reserve ( By Ordor of tho Trustees. A valuable Paddock and Property, all fenced in, nnel just tho hing for the convonicue-o of wholesale and retail Cattle Doalors, and retull and wholesalo Carcase Butchers. MB. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tue Now Cattle Yardi, on Tues- day, March 8, at twolve o'clock precisely, That fine paddock of ii, acres and 20 perehe?, nil fenced in, with irmnediato possession, situate itt the corner of tho Kow Brldgo, just bolow North Melbourne TUESDAY, MARCH 1C. Lot 1.-Zander's Bonded Stores, three stories high, with a Gauging Shed In the rear, now producing £600 per annum, aroa 60 x 76, moro or less, Lot 2,-Tho Storo adjoining Zander's, also tbreo stories high, 80 x '.6, moro or loss, Lot 8.-A Building Warehoueo Allotment opposite, 40x25, Adjoining tho Storos of McesrB. Ncuhauss ami Co. The whole situate botwoen Fllndcre-strcet and rilndcrs-lano. To Capitalists, Merchants, Commission Merchants, Warehousemen, Woolbrokors, &c.; ? ME. STUBBS iBiBBtrncted to make Isnowii the SALE of tho above properties by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, opposite Foxton's bonded stores, on Tuesds., March 16, at twelve o'clock pro clBcly. Terms of Payment Liberal. TUESDAY, MARCH 22. A Gentleman's Agricultural and Family Homestead Estate. The Heirloom of a Family. Near Lady Franklin's and Colonel Kenny Estâtes, and adjoining the Property of P. Phelan, Keq., M.L.A., Parish of Doutta Galla. MB, STUBBS is Icstraeted by the pro- prietors, Moss». Wright and Crighton, to bBLL. by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Bear. Auction and Exchange Rooms, D9 Queen-street, on Tuesday, March S2, at tnelvo o'clock precisely, Xbeir beautiful oi>tato of DOUTTA LEA, in ordor to closo tho partnership, fuller particulars of wbith will appeat In a futuro ncwipapcr. Total number of acres, 150, more or less. In cul- tivation, 70 ; nil fine hay- fields ; grass-paddocks, 80. All fenced in. , Terms-One-third cash; and the residue at three, six, ned rino months. SEVEN YEARS' CREDIT. Melbourne Standard Property. , , Highly Important Public Auction of tho Undermentioned Standard Freehold Properties, Mortgages, Shares, &,c. , Terms of Payment, viz.:-25 percent Cash Deposit, and tho Residuo at three and six months', with 8 per cent.; or, optional to the purchaeer, Half Cash, and the other moiety to remain secured upon tho property Jar tbroo, five, or aoven, year?. MB. STUBBS l8 Instructed to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at Boar's Auc- tion and Exchange Rooms, on Friday, -larch 11, nt twclvo o'clock, in consequonco of tho proprietor's Intended departure for England, The following list of freehold investments, i.e.:-. In the City. First. Three shops and premises near the Town Hall, and nearly opposite Tho Argus ofilca, ndjoimns: Mr. Blelgbt's pt opcrty, »IWBJ s profitably tenanted, tho tinco producing £630 per annum, with nd ditionrl buildings in the r^ar. Aren, 85 ftus front DEC, and 1(10 feet in depth, Noie -The great length of credit lento* a min elbow-room to buy one or more of theso housos. In tho City. Second. ' Transfer or mortgage, value 3,700Z., secured upon tcry valuablo city properties, bearing 10 per lent. / In the City. Third. j thares in public companies. , In the City. . Fourth. A 1 those \cry taluoblo flrBt-cIiEB eily frcoholcl pre-pertlcs, ti'utuo lu Collins-street, comprising Ii OB. 62 and 64, near the Melbourne Club, includ- ing two supor'or dtiollingbouses, shops, and ofiTces, embracing altogether 20 looms. A portion of these aro let to the directors of thoMolDOumo Cas Company fora temi of fito yeara(thrco of which aro uncxplr«d)and tho remainder to highly resrcctablo tradcemon. Theso front ehopsand offices are backed up by Ibo erection of a very large commouious thrce-Btoricd wholesale pen- tan lit store, which covorB tho remainder of tho premises, tho wholo 110 lett in depth, moro or less. , Buburlnn, near FnotïCray. Fifth. Atalueblo suburban propeity, within a short dis- tance of tlio Footscray Tcrmlnm nnil Saltwator lili cr, left for subdivision by tho futuro pos- sessor. Sixth, fcvrral other town end country properties, which «ill be fully described In tho catalogues to bo pre- pared for general dii- trlbutlon. City Property. Seventh. , Wallock's note!, Eourkc-ttreet. near tho New Parliament Houses. City Properly, EaBt MclLourno. Eighth. ; >er> excellent well built commodious family «lwtllinghouee, bavin 10 rooms, and Btaidin.; ) 11 nearly qtarter-aero of land, MONDAY, MARCH 7 Twelve o'clock. , Land and HOUBCS, Eatt Collingwood. -, Titles Good. Terms Easy. i N KINSMAN has been favored with in o etruotlons to SELL by AUO HOW, on ther re- spectivo grounds, on Monday, March 7, at twclvo o'clock, i As follows- > Loti. Í3feet to Vore-slrctt by 08 feot deep, with a right of-way at the hack. On this lot is erected a »cat two-roomed weatherboard house. Lots _ and 3. Two weatherboard cottages adjoinlutr, having n, frontage or S3 feet to Verc-street by 0Í feet deep. Can bo sold, if desired, in two lots. Lot 4. A choice corner, having a frontsgo 93 feet to Park street, by 70 foot froutago to Vere-Mioot. Theso properties aro well sltuateil, a llttlo below Hoddle street. Also, Lot 6. An allotment, 36 feet to Yarra-stroot by 05 feet deep, near Park-street. ' Lote. A corner, C1 feet to Park-street, and 76 feet to Stafford-street. This lot to bo sold without reserve. Titles good. Terms oasy. . THUR8DAY, MARCH 10, At Twolvo o'clock. Brick House and Land, Ro^ent-streot, East Colling- wood. KINSMAN has received in-tructiona from Mr. Hiam (In consequence of having ed to GippB Land) to SELL by AUCTION, na -<1\. on Thursday, March 10, at twelve )«_«.", (ha grim»... four-roomed brick houso, well o'clock) .rt . --« ««.-»».»-»-" . "weet, with 86.> >«<* f'T »ted'between Abbotsford "N. IÄÄathÄcÄkhoPu.o. MONDAY, MARCH 7. Superior Waterpooof Clothing, Xx John Cottle. F BASES and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at the Mart, on Monday, March 7, at lleven o'clock, Ex John Cottle, 16 cases of superior waterproof clothing, consisting Alpaca revoratble waterproof oo Double texture do do Zephyr do do Bilk warp do do Aberdeen cloth do do India cloth do do Tweed do do Shepherds' plaid do do Welton cloth do do Vulcanised do do Hoggings IndFarubber hats Fishing hats Weather protectors Air beds Gun cases Fishing stockings. _Terms at Bale. _ MONDAY, MAROH 7. To Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others. Ex Spitfire. PBASEB and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at the Mart, on Monday, March at eleven o'clock, Ex Spitfire, E H 0, lu diamond, bales, each 80 dozen, men's Bcoich twill shirts 8 cases solf doe wellington vests 1 do superior Crimean flannel alliance sacs 6 do men's whlto shirts, colored French fronts. _Terms at Bale._^^ MONDAY, MARCH 7. 88 Oases Felt Hats and Cloth Caps. Ex Suflulk. Manufactured by Louis Braun, London. FBASEB and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho Mart, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, Without reserve, Ex Suffolk, 16 cases of superfino felt bota and cloth caps, con. sitting of Blue cloth navy capB Do military do Infants' black Paris hats, trimmed Cloth balmoral caps Do plain albert do Flato felt Canadians Mouse dodo Brown do do Boys' and youthB' cloth Zouavo caps and peake BUk velvet caps Do turban do ShepherdB'-plald and fancy do Tweed do. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, MARCH 7. Scarlet Silk Sashes. To Drapers, Warehousemen, Outfitters, and Othors. FBASEB and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Monday, March 7, al eleven o'clock, S20 corded scarlet silk sashes E6 do do, vory «upeiior 113 dozen scarlet silk do, Torms at Sale. MONDAY, MARCH 7. £0 Cases and Bales of New Goods. To Warehousemen, Drapers, and Others. THBASEB and COHEN have received. __ instructions from tho Importers to BELL by* AUCTION,«- at] their Mart, on Monday, liarch 7,' at eleven o'clock, Without Roscrve, Tho undermentioned following lot of firtt-ches slops, consisting or 4 cases boys' stont drab cord trousers 2 de boys'and youths stout millers' cord do i do do do drab cord do 2 do do and mon's white drill do 2 do do do tweod and shepherds' plaid do 87-3 do mon's stout miller-' molo do, half fly, half falls ^ 2 do do do drab mtllera' molo do 2 do do do minors' cord do 2 do do do drab cord do 2 do do B 0, millen' molo sporting veBts Í do do whito flannel cricketing trousers, spring bottoms, fly fronts 14-2 do do Bedford corn do 46-2 do do fancy doo do, F. and W. falls 1 do do gross cloth Brighton sacs 1 do do twist tweed trousers £0-2 do do fancy doo do 2 do do patent Leamington cord do 1 do do Btout miller a Leamington cord do 2 do boya' and youths' lanoy doo do 2 do shepherds' plaid and fancy doe do 1 do men's and boy's twist twocd and shepherds plaid do 1 do do fancy doo twist doo 2 do do whito Bedford cord do 1 do boys' and youths' shepherd plaid, and West of England Brighton saos 2 bales boys'amd youths' twill regatta shirt« 61-2 do men's twill regatta ibirts, lined backs 1 do do serge shirts, double backs 1 do do super, all wool, do do 4 do do do twill regatta shirts. The Auctioneers beg to call tho attention of the trado to tbo abovo Bale of first-class goods, being non in course of landing, and to be sold without roservr having been ordered expressly to suit tho Molbourni maiket. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MAROH 8. On account of whom It may concern. Moro or Loss Damagrd, FBASEB and COHEN will SELL by AUO TION, at tho Mart, on Tuesday, March 8, a eleven o'clock. On account of whom It may concern, Moro or loss damaged, CO sacks, each 8 bushels, of oats. Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. On account of whom it may concern. For Unreserved Salo. , FBASEB and COHEN will SELL by AUCl TION. at the Mart, on Tuesday, March S, a eleven o'clock, On account of whom it mry concern, Bhhds. rum £ quarter-casks brandy. No reservo. Terms-Cash. TUEBDAY, MAROH 8. On account of whom it may concern. Moro or Less Damaged. PBABEB and COHEN will SELL bjr AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, Marcji 8, at eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, More or lose damaged, 80 cases half-lb. sardineB. Terms-Cash. T UE8DAY, MARCH 8. E BASER and COHEN will SELL b. AUCTION, at the Marr, on Tuetdav, Mare. > t>, at eleven o'clock, " ' Without reserve, 60 cases Coson's tliorry 2 bbds. old tom 2 do brandy 8 quarter-catkB do. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 0. 260 Trunks of Boots and Shoo;. F BASER and COHEN are instructed "o ' tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at til > Mart, on Wednesday, March 9. at eleven o'clock, Ex late arrivais, 260 trunks of assorted seasonable boots end shoei, consisting of- r Men's calf, kid, ard nail bluchers Do clump, calf, and kip wellingtons Do do, do, half wellingtons Do calf, clump, and enamollcd spring cides Do velvet pile and seal albeit slippers Do watortighlB, in every variety. Youths'bluchers and lace upB Girls' cloth, memo), and cordovan boots, 2 to l8 Men's balmoral shooting boots Do enamelled and grained napoleons Ladies' clotb, tuomel, and cordovan booti T.P H. ' Do do L S military and T.P H. The auctioneers call tho particular attention of thb trade and up country buyers to tho above sale, as ti: o goods aro of superior manufacturo, and for unreserve 1 tale. Terms-Under 100Í, cash ; above teat sum, and t > SOO!., cash ;abovo that sum, four months'. TUESDAY, MARCH 8 FBASEB and COHEN are inadvicttd tb SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Xuoida], March 8, at eleven o'clock, * Ex Panama, 200 half-chcBts of congou. Terms at Sale. iUEBDAY, MABOH 8. Muscatel Balslns. White HcrringB. P BASER and COHEN will SELL b AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, March at eleven o'clock, 600 boxes of layor muscatels 880 kita of white herrings. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, MABOH 11. Carriages. Carriages. Carriages. Otard Annual Sale, At Stevenson and Elliot's, GoachbulIderB, King street. ERASER and COHEN will SELL by AC( TION, at 8levcnson and Eulo"», King stree, vu Friday, March 11, at twelvo o'clcok sharp, Comprising carriages of overy detcrlption cf col >. rial end Erglisb build, both now andsecondhan I, i mongst which «ill bo found- i 1 barouche by Croall, with sldo-glasses, A completo 1 do by Mason, of London 1 Albert phaeton, with hcod 1 mall aDd 1 Stanhope phaeton 8 park phaetons j fcof ey, four wheels 1 ÍCpr-rtfifeled dogcart EtVeraLpew and tíPOndhsnd family cars, tit, dogcarts, pony and spnrg carts, tnd a ll¡ bt omnibus, nearly rew. > îlls-wlll beaiiocd opportunity for gentlemen \ io. MC tbcut to dlrpoto of cr excharge their carries, ii. Jritles favoringuBvIthlbflrcarrlfgcs onthlB oe a t'en for [ale «HI piesse lo communicate es earl) as j ci tit lo. All entringe» intended fortbin sale must be Ictkid cot later than Thurtday, tho lOtb, ?* -" TUE8DAY, HAKOH 8. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, Tho Finest Congou Teas, Ex Qszelionnd. FRASER and COHEN are instructed to BELL by AUCTION, at tho Mart, on Tuesday, Al arch 8, at devon o'clock, Ex Gazohound, R&A;, 126 chest) of cuperlor congou 160 half chests do do. Terms at cal?. The abovo toa* aro just landod, and of a vary tuperlor quality. IUEBDAY, MAROU 8. Rnssoll's Jama. Brend and Co.'s Confectionary. Just landed from Hobart Town. "ORASER and COHEN will SELL by Jj AUOTION, at tho Mart, on Tuesday, March at cloven o'clock, Just landod from Hob» rt Town, Invoices of Ruesoll's jams Do of Broud and Co.'a confectionary. Particulars In future advertisement. Terms at Bolo. TUESDAY, MAROH 8, ' On Account of Whom It May Ooncorn, Aloro or Lose Damaged. Ex Epsom, Buckland, master, from Manilla. At tbo Bonded Stores of Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Oo. PBASER and COHEN have received ia struotlonslfrom Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co,, to SELL by AUOTION, at thdlr bonded Blores, cornortf Spencer-stroct anil Litllo Lonsdale street west, on Tuesday, March 8, at olovon o'clock, On account of H horn It may concern, Moro or less damaged, > Ex Eproni, From Manilla, 0.0 , 30 bogs coffee, slightly damaged. 1 R.H. 24 do do. G.F & Co. 70 cases Manilla cigars, No, 2, each 20 boxes, each i £00. G. F. & Co., H. under, 20 do do, Havannah shape cigars, do K and B. £8 packages of rope, 08 coils, J to 4} Inch. I Alto, Kx sundry vessclr, 60 bags sugar, moro or lass damaged, _ Terms-Cash._ TUESDAY, MAROH 8. Barcelona Nuts, York Hams. TJIBASEB and COHEN will SELL by AUO JL1 TION, at the Mort, on Tuesday, March 8, at ¡Teven o'clock, Without reserve, Ex Sultana, , U in diamond, 95 barrels of Barcelona nuts (black Spanish). Ex Shepherdess, 10 casks of York hams. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, MARCH 7. Exlentivo Sale cf 40 Bales Papcrhangirgü, Of the riebest »na newest design«. Kow landing In first.rato order, Kx Sparkling Stn. To Faporhangcrs, Paintors, Contractors, Storekeepers, and Others. W" M. TENNENT and Co. bave received . instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, üolllns- stroet, on Monday, March 7, at twelve o'clock, RxBiarkling Sea, FHoverC, 107-140, SO bales, each coutaining SOO pieces, room paper 2 do, do 850 do, do 1 do, do 284 do, do 4 do, do 200 do, do ldo, do 100 do, do 1 do, do 146 do, do 1 do, do 160 do, do. Comprising flacks, Imitation flocks, collings, oaks', marble, moula, passages, &c.; _^_Term» at Salo. * MONDAY, MARCH 7. 1,000 Wheelbarrow». For Account nnd ItiBk of tho Fotmer Purchasers. To Contractor, Builders, and Others, WM. TENNENT and Co. have received 0 Instructions from Messrs. Callender, Cald- well, and Co., to BELL by AUCTION, el their rooms, on Monday, March 7, at twclvo o'clock, On account and risk ol the former purchaser«, 1,C00 wheelbarrows. _Terme at Cale._ MONDAY, MABOH 7. Gardiner's Creek-road. Freohold Proporty, about Two-thirds of nn Acre, with Buildings thereon, Sltuftto at the Corner of Gardiner's Creek ron J and Chapel-street. To Prit ate Gentlemen, Capitalists, Sptculatorp, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. are instructed , to SELL by AUCTION, nt their rooms, on Monday, Match 7, at tweivo o'clock, That magnificent allolmcat nt tho junction of Gar- diner's Creek-road mid Ghapcl-strccr, opposite the Kew Bridge Hotel, togolhor with the ci t étions thereon, described as All that piece or pared of land in tho colony ot Victoria, county of Bourko, and parish of Prahran, being part ef luburban allument No. 7, anil forming lotB 34, £6, 80, 37, and part of lot 88 of u certiin plan of uibdlt Uion, commencing at tbo south-wokt cornor ef tald subiuban allotment, bounded on the wort by Cbapil-strcot by alino bearing north ICO (cet, on the north by| lol i'i off said plan of distribution, by a 'ina bearing rest 101 feet 0 inches ; on tlio oat',by other part of allotment 88 aforesaid by ri lino bcr-rlrg Bouth ISO (cet 4 inches, on tho touth by tho Giidlncr'n Creek-rood, by a Uno bearing west 108 feet 2 inches, to tho commencing peint. Title and Terms at Salo. MONDAY, MAROH 7. To Capitalists, Speculators, and O hers. Salo of Valuable FrctholJ Property. In tho Intolvent Eslato of Patrick Trainor. Tko White Horse Inn, with GO-acro Farm attached. WY M. TENNENT and Co. have received 7 Y j» instructions from Edward Courtnoy, Esq., CHiciel Assignee in tho ufaove OBtato, to BKLL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins-ctrcct, on Monday, March 7, at twclvo o'clock precisely, All that vkluablo freehold property situated In tho parish oi Nunawading, lately In the occup&llou; of tho Insolvent, and comprising tho w oil-known Whito llorso Inn, a most substantial brick bnll'llng, containing nlno woll arranged and cotvraodloun apartments, adapted to tho purpoiee of a firet-Uaas country lietel business. Tho building, nhlch is of recent ortcllon, Is in tho bett state of repair, and has very extensivo Out-ofllccs, Kitchens, Stablirg, &c.; Thero is aha a very excellent and well-stocked flower-garden and orchard, with fruit-trees of all kinds in full bearing. Tho Farm, of CO acres, attached to this property, bas been suc- cessfully weiked by tilo lato proprietor for somo years, omi is in tbo hle,heit otate of culthntion. T),o whole forms a muir rind dcBliablc proporty, ana parties feekliig such, cither for occupation or as au lincotment, aie hill ted to an Inspection prior to sale. The title is perfect Tcimsicrj liberal, which will bo declared at sale and a comldcrable portion of tho purchase money may \ < ito remain on mortgage. TUSSDAY, MARCH 8. Sale of Now and Soasonablo Goods, from tho Colobrated Manufacturers, Gamblo and Davis. To Boot and Shoe Makers, Storekeeper?, and Others. TIT M. TENNENT and Co. have received fr . hutt uctloiis from tho importers, Messrs. Giaham Brothers and Co., to BELL by AUOTION. it their rooms, on Tuesday, March 8, at tivelvo o'clock, / ti invoice of Gambia and Davis'/) noted boots and (bees (tho first importa.lon for tho coming season), conflating « f- , Ladies' cloth side-spring boots, patent goloslicd Girls' cloth front-lace do, do do Ladles* cloth side-spring boots, patent goloshod, black soles Girls' calf kid front-lace boots, patent goloshed Do cordovan do do, top pieces Ladles' cloth sldo-spring boot«, patent golosheil Do E. cloth eldo lace boots, patent goloshed, black sole H Clrls'cloth front-Iaco boots patent goloshcd, top pieces, ka, Terms at Eale. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. Important Unreserved Salo of C7 Trunks James Davit« and Son's Now and Fashion- able Goods. Now Landing. Ex Ocean Chief. To Boot and ShooMakcrs.Btoickecpers, and Other». \Jff M. TENNENT und Co. have received If e Imtrucllons from tho Importers, Mccarr. Gilham Brothers and Co , to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tue:day, March 8, at twclro o'clock, Q 3 & Co. 1 to 67-07 ttunks Jamo* Davies and Son's boot» and shoes, comprising flontlerccn a best stout calf jockey boots Do enamel napoleon do 1!0 grain do Do »tout calf wellington do, bradded Mcn'a do, do Gentlemen's stout calf princo do Co bebt stout mcmel mock balmorals Do do boots, ela,tie sides, calf goloshed Men'' «alf stout blucher boots, dji.Mo toles,' bradded Do ttout kip do, rough do Do do, nailed Do do, army bradded Stockmen's stout kip lacin do, nailed Youths' and boys' stout memel do, and sides cal. goloshcd Do doatout kip blucher do, rough bradded Women's calf loco do, leather lined Do grain do, blass bradded Ladles' best kid balmoral boots, welti Do best cloth do, clastic sides, patent gol ot he J Do heit cashmere do Women's cloth dor welts, elastic tides Ladies' casbmete do, do, do Do kid top do, do, do WnmtnV natent calf slippers, and sandals Girls' best bronro kid mock balmoral boot« Do black mtmel balmoral do Children's cloth and cordovan do, p»W«. Do pâtcnt°c»If shoos and straps, welt Men's \ civet pilo and brunell slipper« Men's patent and margate slippers Women' russels slippers,,&c.; , Terms »t »»«. . - - i WEDNESDAY, MAROH 9. . Io follow the Government Land Sale. Footsoray. Tir M. TENNENT and Co. will 8ELL by W Y ? AUCTION, at their rooms, OoIIIns- streot, on Wednesday, March 9, immediately after tho Govern- ment land sale, 7 allotments of land at Footsoray, being part of auc- tion No. 16, and marked as lots 16,16,17, of bloex 0 on the plan of subdivision. Also, Lots 22, 28,24, and 26 or Bald blrck. . Tltlo guaranteed. '_Terms at Bale._ WEDNESDAY, MAROH 9. XxtonBlvo and Absoluto Bale of tho entiro Valuablo Stock-in-Trado ot Mossrs. A. R. Orulkshauk and Co, late Mr. D. Haatorton, 89 Quoon-Btroot To Merchants, Grocers, Up-country Storokoepora, and O thora. i WM. TENNENT and Co. have reoelvei , instructions from tho oxocutors of the lats A.. R. Ornlkshank, Esq., to BELL by AUOTION, at the stores, 80 Queen-street, on Wednesday, March 0, at eleven o'clock, Tbo' whole of tho valuable stock-in-trade of A. R. Crulksbtnk and Co., late D. Masterton, consisting; Grocories, Oilmen's Stores, ose. Jams and jellies. In tins and jars-Crosse ande . Blackwell'!, Keillor's, Volckmann's, Oopla-d ! and Barnes's, &o.; Pint and half-pint salad and castor oils Salad oil, quarts, French Pint and quart pickles-Batty's, Wbybrow's, and Hill and Ledger's Mustard, J and 1 lb.-Feast's, Grosso and Black well's, Whybrow's, &o.; Botllod fruits-Grosse and Blaokwolfs, Why ' brow's, deo, Bauces, mushroom ketchup, Jsc, Potted meats, essences Oysters, salmon, lobsters, In 1 and 2.1b. tins Bed herrings, In lins Whito herrings, In tins and «.EOS Bardines, half and quartor tua Teas, comprising fine congous, byconskin, gun- powder, Imperial, young hyson Sugars-No. 1 Bally ; Sankey, equal to No. , Cossiporo ; Mauritius BugnrB of all dojorlp J tions Soda crystals, bathbrlokB, blacking Curry-powdor, corks Datos, almonds Gcuda and various ehceso Porfumory, soap, &c.; Maccaronl and vermicelli Tapioca and arrowroot Muscatel raisins Ctfice, mixed splco Wholo and ground pimento White and black pepper Candles, various Crosse and Blackwell, checso Bl» cb load Staroh-Colman's, Seo. Tattaric acid Dried peaches and pear« Cunants, new fruit Bleached-ginger Hops ,i > Coarse salt Genuino Havannah cigars Manilla and Havannnh-shaped Manilla cigars Paper-grocers', drapors', toa, purplo shop, &o.; ? Spirits, Wines, So. Brandy. Inhhda. and quarter-casks-Vlnogrower*', . U.V.P.'s, Bornard's, Nicholson'«, ¿to. Brandy, In caso-Contrai Vlnoyard's, Fauro's, Blanchton's, Otard's, Loco, &c.; W. I. rum, In hhds. and quarter-casks Old tom, in caso-Grosso and Blackwells. Plgoon's, Booth's, Williams'«, Burnett's, Nicholson's, ! &c.; Old tom, in hhds. and quartor- caBlca Sherry and port wines Claret, hook, ana Rhino winos Gonova, Marsala wines Still and sparkling hock Dawson's alo f oda and seltzer wator Byais's ale and portor, pints Tobacco-honeydow and twist Bboopwash tobacco. Sundries. American tacks, Bhlngling hatchets and axes Do tubs and buckets Do olothcs-pog», washing-boards, {to. CroBs-cut Bti\iT, elulclng forks, &o;, Woo'packs, shop twine, &o.; Calcutta Hues. 3-bushol bags Earthenware, glassware, tutors Hobblce, Ironmongery, &o.; Spades, shovels, safes Cotton twine, candle wicks Weighing-machines, iron wedges Percussion caps, shot Nails, zlno Cordage, Ink, &c.; Varniab. Also, Valuable cart horses, drays, üarnoss, Arc, Patont chaff-cutting machino, &o.; TorniB at Sale, f ? FRIDAY, MABOH li. 120 Trunks James Davies and Son's Boots and Shoes. Kx Victory. By order of tbo importers, Mossrs. B. Towns and Co. To Boot and Shoo Makers, Up-country Storekooport, and tho Trade Gonernlly, For Unreserved Sale. TIT M. TENNENT and Co. bave received IT . Instructions from tho importers, Meiers. R. 3 own« and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, st their tooms, Oollins-itrcet, on Friday, March 11, at twolve o'clock, Ex Victory. T. & Co., M undor, $ 840-406. 2 trunks, containing gontli men's grain napoleon bootB 0 do do calf wo'.lington boots 0 do do stout do, bradded 2 do do stout calf prince boots, French clumps 0 do do stout calf prince- bootB, bradded 2 do do stout mock balmoral boots 1 do do st out balmoral boots, calf golothcd, bradded 0 do do best stout memel boots 6 do men's stout calf blucher booti, bradded 2 do do, double-sole, bradded 2 do do Btout kip blucher hoots, rough biadded 4 do do kip blucher boots, hobnailed 4 do do blucher bootB, army brsddcd 1 do. stockmen's best kip lacing boots, rough bradded 2 do do kip lacing boots, rough bradded 7 do do kip lacing boots, hobnailed 2 do men's stout kip half-laced boots, nailed and bradded 1 do youtliB' and boys' stout oilf wellington aud princo boots, bradded 1 do youths' and boya' stout nir.mcl boots 1 do do kid top boots, clastic eldee 8 do do st out calf blucher boots 8 do do kip blucher boots, rough bradded I 1 do youtliB' watertight boots, lough braddoJ 1 do youths' and boys' kip laoo boots, rough bradded 8 do women's calf lace boots, leather Unod I 2 do ladies' kid-top boots, welts, elastic sides 1 do do best cloth boots, clastic aides, and laco 4 do do cloth boots, welts, o'astio sides, patent goloshed 2 do wemen's cloth boots, welts, elastic sides 2 do do cloth boots, to laco 2 do do memel boots 1 do ladlos' enshmcro do 1 do, do bent wlilto kid do, end [bite!; moire antlquo do 2 do giris' cloth do, welts 8 do do cordovan and caehmero do 12 do child's kid boots, shoes, ihoes niul]>tropr &o.; 1 do ladies'patent morning slIprcrB 1 do women's volvot-pllo[do 2 do do Brussels do 6 do men's Brussels carpet do, 4c. For unroteivcd sale. Terms at Sale. PBELIMINABY NOTICE. To Speculators, Persons seeking Investments, and Others. Bouverle-streot Hotel. SYMONS and PERRY will BELL by AUO TION, ut their rooms, Collins ctrcot, on an carl. day, duo notice of v-liich will bo given, The Houveric-stmt liotel, tlluated in Bouverie street, Welbourn1, containing 10 roon», wel built of bluer tone and brick, lind now lot to a respectable tcn:<ut for thrco years, at £200 per annum, and In d lug a splendid business. Terms, liberal, declared at, sale. Further partícula» in n futuro advertisement. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Speculators, Persons Becking Investments. Unreserved Salo ofValuablo Freehold Property. Singapore-ter race, Geelong. By order of tho Mortgagee. SYMONS and PERRY havo received in structlons from tho mortcageoi to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns- streot, on an early day, i Duo nottco of which will be given, j All thoso valuable premIios,'.sItuatcd at Geelong,' having a splendid fron tago to : Corio Bay, and In a very high and commanding situation, and In tho bett part of tho town, known as Singaporo-terraco, well and substantially built of wood, and in first rate order. TcrrflB at salo. Further particulars in future advortlsenont. _Title Flrst-rato._ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. , Valuable Collection of Oil Paintings. [YMONS and PERRY have received In- structions Irem E. B. Green, Ern;., to SELL by JCTION, at their rooms, Colllni-stroet, on an early day, duo notice of which will bo given, A valuablo collection of oil paintings, copies from first-rate mastors, rolcclcd by bim on the Continent, and principally at Florence Further particulars In futuro advortliemonts. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. 810 Casks Bottled Stout. At Foxton and Jones'» Free Stores. For tho benefit of whom It may concern. To Publicans, Btorokeopors, Doalors, and Others. ÖYMONS and PERRY have received In |^ «tructlons to BELL by AUOTION, nt Messrs. Foxton 'and Jones's Freo Stores, Fllndere-stroct, on Tuesday, March 8, at eleven o'clock, 810 casks, each 4 dozon, Morice, Cox and Co.'« bottled stout. riTo bo sold for the benefit of whom it may concern, with all fanltB, and to tho highest biddon No reserve Terms-Cash, """"" THURSDAY, MARCH 10. 657 Bags Superior Native Ceylon Coffee. Ex Gustav and Ernest. To Coffee-Roasters, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Other». SYMONS and PERRY are Instructed to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins* * street, on Thursday, March 10, at twelve o'clock, J 667 bagi superior nativo Ceylon coffee i Ex Gustav and Ernest. 1 Term at Sale. -a _, TUESDAY, MAROH 8. Valuable Farms at Ringwood. YMONS and PERRY " have received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by CTION, nt their rooms, Collins- street, on Tuesday, March 8, at twclvo o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land situate at Blng « ood county of Mornington, being part of por- tion l8, and containing 166 acres 8 perches. The wholo will bo sold as per plan, now to bo coon at the rooms of tho auctioneers. Tho small blockB containing 8 to 0 ncros each, and tho large blocks containing CO acros 1 rood, moro or less. For furlhor particulars apply to the auctioneers. Title, Crown grant. Terms at Balo. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 0. To Ealltvny Contractor?, Carrlors, Storekcopers, an I Others. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their room», Oolllns-Btrcot, on Wed- nesday, March 0, nt twslvo o'cloole sharp, 1 well finished Knglish-mado railway lurry or waggan, on extra strong springs, otpablo of carrjlngO tons; Buoh ns used byPickfore!, Chaplin and Borne, and other large railway carriers. Also, i American express waggons, of tho bsst con- struction, with shafts and polo complete. Torms at salo On view morning of salo_ WEDNESDAY, MAB.0H 0. Studley Park. At tho Kesldonco of the late R. W. Wrodo, Esq. Hourohold Furniture. Cottage Cabiuot Piano, by Collard and Collara. Splondl I Alabaster Ornaments Valuable Oil Paintings. Carriage, Horses and Harness, To Parties Furnishing, Dealers, and Others JY-ON8 and PERRY have received in- structions from tho executrix of the late R W. , Est|, In conscquonco of her departure to Eng- land, to SELL by AUCTION, at her rosldcii co, tu Hoy Park, on Wednesday, March 0, at tivoli o OIK, Tho wholo of tho household furniture anJ lUVKt«, consisting of Splendid cottnga cabinet piano, by Collard and Collard, 6} oclaves, with makers' certificate) Very beautiful and enasto alabaster ornaments E choleo and valutbla paintings, nftor raphael, Carracci, Gulllctno, and Correggio Drawing and dining room tables, eofne, chair?, easy chairs Work-tables, alabaster vases and o'herornamonts Pictures, bodBteads and bedding, chests ot drawer» Waehstands, toilet-tables, toilet-glasses. And All tho usual requisites ol a gentleman's houso hold. Also, A neat carriage oxoellent horso and harness* , Cart, harness, &c;, Tho goods will bo opon for inspoctlon on Tuesday, i March 8 Tho alabnitor ornaments and pictures aro well worthy tbo attention of connoisseurs. I _Term» at Salo._ "" THURSDAY, MARCH 10. I To Wine and Spirit Mordíante, Publicans, and I Others SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Thursday, March 10, at twelvo o'clock, 160 cases sparkling winos ¡0 butts Burdon'» sherry 20 do M Izado 600 casos ciarot 100 do whisky 200 do Feast's pint pickles 100 do Champion's quart vinegar 25 do black currants 100 e!o bottled fruits, assorted I 800 do Gouda cheese 200 do raisins 80 chests sago. ÜY1Í Wícdo, ) Torms at Sale. I THURSDAY, MARCH 10. To Wine and Spirit Merchante, Publicans, and Othcrr. Extensivo Salo of Winos, Spirit», &c;, SYMONS and PERRY have received in- structions from the Iinportors, Messrs. Raleigh«, laugllib, White, and Co,, to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms. Collins itroot, on Thursdoy, March 10, at twolvo o'oloek, Codicil's rum, 10 o.p. Whrtky, in caso OiTlcy'e port wino Qunrlos Harris's port wine Burdon's sherry Old tom. Furtlior particulars In futuro advertisements. _Terms, Liberal, at Salo._ "~~ THURSDAY, MARCH 10. ~* To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Othor». 160 nhds. United Vineyard Proprietors' Company'« Dark Brandy; Agents'Certificates. For Positivo and Unroscrved Sale. SYMONS and PEBBY have received frt »truotlona froai tho agents of tho Unltod Vmo yard Proprietor»" Company, Messrs. Raioighs, Dnu¡r liih, Wbito and Co. to SELL by AUOriON, at thule rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, March 10, at twelve o'elock, 160 hhds. United Vinoyard Proprietors'Company's darli brandy 260 casos do do pile brandy, agents' cortlOcUos. Terms, liberal, declared at salo. _For Potitlvo and Unroaorvod Balo, ifulDAY, MAHOU 11. To Land Speculators and Others. Sundry Allotments or Land In the Parish of Kange- rong, on tho Port Phillip Bay. Without Itoservo. ' SYMONS and PEBRY will SELL by AUO TION, at their mart, Collins-street, on Friday, March 11, at twelve o'clocs, 80 allotments ot land, part of allotmont 1 of section 2, pariel) of Kangerong, close to the Government vlllairn of Dromana, subdivided into allotments, to i mt the convenience of purchasers, of 5 acroi each, liuvinga large frontage to a main Govern- ment road. Terms at sale, The auctioneers beg to remind purchasora that land at Dromana realised, on au average, 401. per aero at the last Government land sale, but thoir instructions aro to soil tim above positively without any rossrvo. A plan of subdivision can bo Inspected at the roo mi of tho auctioneers. Titlo, Government grant to the presont vendor. FRIDAY, MABOH 11. """ To Capitalists, Speculators and Others, Positivo and Unroecrvod Sale of various Allotments of Land at St. Kilda. To Close a Portnorohlp Account. QYMONS and PEBRY will SELL by AUO S3 TION, at their mart, Oolllns-strect, on Friday, March 11, at twelve o'clook, All those 20 remaining allotments of land st Mary- ville, pirt of subdivision of portion 248, imrlih St. Kilda, subdivided au por plan, and sltnato close to the roildouco of Wilberforce Stephen, Esr)., and othor in flucntlal gontlemon. Also, An allotment of land having a frontage ol 48 feet ti tho Park reserve, Brunawick, by a depth of 207 feet to Barkly-Btroct, on which is etccted a sub- stantial brick cottage, now let to a respectable tenant. Torrar at Bale. Title unexceptionable. Plans at the rooms of tho auctioneers. N.B. The above must bo sold positively without roictvc, to cloie a partnership account. FRIDAY, MARCH 11. To Speculators, Persons Seeking Investments, and Others. Valuable Freehold Property, Situate on the Mount Alexander-road, and known as the North Pole Hotel, Keilor. For positive unreserved sale. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Collins-street west, on Friday, March 11, at twelve o'clock, A very valuable properly, situate about 8 miles from Melbourne, on the main Melbourne and Mount Alexander road, and at the Junction of the Geelong read, known as the North Pole Hotel, Keilor, containing 11 rooms, with good bar, kitchen, washhouse, storeroom, stabling for nine horses, hay shed, gig-house, &c.; also large watertank, 12 feet x 12 feet, with a constant supply of water at all seasons. Together with 10 acres of land, of the best quality, and in a good and improving locality. The house is at present under lease for a short time to a highly respectable tenant, at a moderate rent, and is now doing a first-rate business, which could easily be increased. Terms, liberal, at sale. The house will, for the convenience of purchasers, be sold either with the 10 acres or with 1 acre, as may be desired. Title first-rate, and will be guaranteed. For further information application to be made at the rooms of the auctioneers. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. To Corn factors, Lhery-stnble Keepers, and Others. Californian Oats, Eco'chDo.B Danish Do. Calcutta Do. Gram. Maize. ESYDES and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, t at their rooms, 10 Queen-street, on Tuesday, | march 8, at olovon o'clock, 400 bags Californian oats 200 do Scotch do i 360 do Danish do 200 do Calcutta do I £00 do gram i 200 do malro. _Terms at Sale._ TUESDAY, MAROH 8. Rico. Tj1 BYDES and Co. will 8ELL by AUCTION, J_« at their rooms, ID Queen-street, on Tuesday, March 8, at eleven o'clock, 300 bags rice, 2 c»t each. To closo an account. No Reserve._ THURSDAY, MARCH 10. Twclie o'clock. At tho Falls. GM. WHITEHEAD iß instructed to . BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Falls, tu ihursdey, March 10, at twelve o'clock, The B U O O E S 8, 44 ton«. Ills testtl la well rdapted for any trade whero Pill e raught is an ol je et. 1er r.mlcu!r rs npi 1} c n board, tr of the auctioneer, thiel dui-ttit t.Iíuifild li su THIS DAY. To Furniture Brokers, Doalers, «ad Otts» S.QB« _ ÖÄJSJFäfrV &e;"Ä"trart' 0a Ä?Ä_l^ Amorlcan stove Pictures Furniture. And, Other miscellaneous goods. _Without Reserve. e THIS DAY. ~ To Storokcopors, Doalers, and Others. GRAHAM and Co. will SELL hv inn i . WON, at the Metropolitan A¿eUon__ twelvo o'clook, 10 hhds. ale, Youngman"! 10 do do 60 cases do 6 do pickles 1 do figs. Without Reserve. THURSDAY, MARCH 10. "~* To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Otherh Hollowwaro, Ironmongery, and Cutlery. Ci GRAHAM and Co. aro favored with in> )0« struotlons from the Importers to BEDE by AUOTION, at the Metropolitan Auction Hart, li Collins-street east, on Thursday, March 10, at twelve o'olock, Invoices of Ironmongery, conslitlng of Amorlcan axe-handles, picks, hammers Mllk-dlihos, buokets, baths Lanterns, tea-kettles, soup turoons, plates Hatchet», aluloe-forks, gold-èli- vca Beales and weights, maul-rlngs, lamps Bokteg-dlshes, horse-shoes . And Other articles too numerous to dotal I, _Torms at Balo. THIS AY. "~ Ra. LUSCOMBE will 6ELL by PUBLIQ a AUOTION, at tho Emeu Hotel, Beared«, eneot, North Melbourne on Saturday, March 6, at ono o'clock sharp, ; All that well-situated hOBlnesspremises sUndlngoa part of allotment No. 6, of scotlon S6, tom» Holbourne, corner of Bouverie and Barkly «trwtj contlBting of bntchor'a chop and four looms, non occupied by Mr, Reynolds, and let at a rental o| £62 per annum. Tho auctioneer would call tho special attention of Email capitalists to this sale, as the property li sar. rounded with thriving business premises, a thickly populated neighborhood and largo manufacturing concerns (such as (bo Carlton Mills, Se). Seo pitearás on the house. Tho property must bo sold to the highest bidder. Title first-olasB, being only ono rsmove from tbo Crown. Tonne.-One-third cash ; balance- by bill at three c ontbs Auctioneer' offices, 89 Bwanston-strcet. TUESDAY, MABOH 8. Soft Goods. Boots and Shoos. To bo sold wlthou*. reserve. Byordoroltho Executors of tho late A. R. Crulkshanfr, ira Being tho stock of Messrs. A. B. «rulksbank and Co,, late Mr. DAVID MASTERTON. To Drapers, and the Boot and Shoe Trade. To Country Storekeepers, Outfitters, Doalcis, and Bayers for tho Digging». J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, han boor* . Instructed by ths executors of the late A. B. CruikBhanle, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at their mart, 80 Colllns-strect east, on Tuesday, Marcia 8, at elevon o'clock, The whole of tho stock of toft goods and boot) and ?hoes, consisting of Boys' Scotch twill shirts Men's cloth caps ' Do longcloth and regatta shirts Do and boys' American pea laokots Men's fancy doo and tweed coats Do and boys' do do trousers Men's alpaca ccats and vests Do twced[and alpaca jumpo» Do blue and scarlet serge shirts Do lambswool half- hose Boys' and Infants' cotton socks Women's whlto lambBweol boto 17 bolts canvas Green baize and calico. Also, A largo assortment of haberdashery anil cthif goods. Boots and Shoes, Men's patent knee boots Do half-wolllngtons So long thigh coots Do stout kip bluchers Do do watertlghts Women's cashmere boots, spring sides So super pegged boots Boys' calf wellln gtons Women's slippers, &c.; The whole of the abovo will bo sold without US' reierve. _Terms-Cash._ TUESDAY, MARCH 8. For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. Crown Molo Trousers. T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SEIS «J # by AUOTION, at thoir mart, 80 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, March 8, at eleven o'clock, . 6 cases millers' mole trousers, crowns. Elightly damaged, ^_Terms-Oa>h._ TUESDAY, MARCH 8. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Country Storticcfti?, and Others. 8-4 Corded Coats. Blue Sorge Bhirts. Woollen Cord and Molo Trousers. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been . Instructed by the .importers to SELL by PUB- LIC AUOTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street eut, on Tuesday, March 8, at elovon o'clock, The following seasonable goods : O. O. & Co. § 1,2-2 cases 8-4 jubileo victory and fancy corded coats B-0-4 do all wool bluo serge shirts, with pockets 7, 8-2 do woollen cord trousers, F.F. and W,F. 9-12-4 do stout drab molo trousers, cronus. No reBcrvf. _Terms at Sale. _ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Brickmakers' Plant, Horses, &c.; MM'OAW and ANOTHER bave received . Instructions lrom Mr. John Affleck to SELL UOTION, on the ground, at Kew Reserve Tut; dock, on an early day, The wholo of tbe plant latoly used In the mann. facture of bricks, consisting of 2 pug mills, n Itb gearing Eight-horse power onglno, with Its appurtensnee! Clay waggons, off-bearing barrows Crowding barrows, moulds Quartering, grass, calico. Also, Draught horses Brays Harness, lie. No Reservo._ TUE8DAY, MARCH 8. Horses, HorsoB. To Gentlemonln want of a Flnt-claes Horse, Eporte» men, and Others. MM'OAW and ANOTHER bayo been . instructed to SELL by AUOTIOS, at ti Horse Baiaar, on Tuesday, March 8, at twain 30 'colts, nearly thoroughbred, from 15J to 185 hands high, selected from the voryteit studs In Austialla, suitably adapted forcanligeoç hunting horses. Sportsmen requiring horses for tho .,.,.. hunting season would do woll to attond the sale, No reserve. Observo.-No Imposition of what Is gcnerslljttraitu Indemnity or purchasers'commission charged stour, yards. __^____. THURSDAY, MAROH 10. Draught and Ourringo Colts, By Westhorn and Grand Duke MM'OAW and ANOTHER liavo » . ceivod Initiuetions from Messrs, Nltl Black »net Co. to SELL by AUOTION, at th« Bulli Horso Bazaar, on Thursday, March 10, at twelro o'clock, 80 colts, from tbolr eolobratcd stud, comprliirr Yory heavy draught coltB, by Westhorn, isa other draught entlro colts, suitable 1er the hunting-field or for cavalry cbsrgtn, by Black Prince and Grand Dilkei. Comment would bo superfluous. Tho Darno of the stud Is cufilcient guarantco for 1 ho quality cf the Block to bo offered. Observo I No imposition of what Is genenllf termed Indemnity, orpurchasora'commitilcn,cbirîw at our yards._____ MONDAY, MARCH 7. G THOMAS and Co. will SELL by ABO . TION, on tho Australian Wharf, oil Utf day, March 7, immediately altor tho salo of logs, Ex Swordfish, 80,700 feet quartering, from 8 to 10 feet 2,800 do joist, fi x B" 8 to 13 do 11,200 do do, O x8, 8 to 16 do 300 do do, G x 6, 8 x 3, 8 and 10 do 7,000 0-foot palin« s. No resorvo. _Terms-Cash._ MONDAY, MAROH 7. To Contractors. Timber Morchants, sod Eolito An Invoice of Memol Red Deal Dogs, g*\ THOMAS and Co. will SELL bj;AOT VJa TION. at tho Railway Station, oa Ho»«»). Mil eh 7, at e levon o'clock, _ , .."" 72 Baltic red deal logs, ox Black Eagle, of » «1 snpcrlor quality, and in first-rate condition, specification OB follows : 2 logs, 12 feet, 12 x12 1 do, 20 do, do 8 do, 21 do, do 4 do, 28 do, do 0 do, 24 do, do lido, 27 do, do l8 do, 28 do, do 6 do, 29 do, do 2 do, 82 do, do 11 do, 8B do, do 11 do, 84 do, do 72 legs, 2,044 cubic feet. Terms, Liberal, declared atS»Ie._^, MONDAY, MAROH 7. ri THOMAS and Co. will §P&%$£ VT« TION, on tbo premises, No, 17 "J V.^. siiee! east, on Monday, March 7, »t t« <">** >hTquanllty o! 11 x 8 deals, 0 x 8 harowoos J*» and New Zealand 1-lnch flooring. ' Also, An office, 4tc. No resorve. Torms-Cash« 