Advertising charges in the ' AGE ' are new as under ; — Sixteen words and under .... ONE Snilling. Ove sixteen and under thirty Two Snillxsqb. . One hundred word ten lines, or one non _ ... Focr shilling Every additional inch ... Three snillings Accounts rendered monthly. No longer credit lren. Considerable allowance made on repetitions. shipping. S T E A M TO SYDNEY. Great Reduction of Fares. The CITY OF SYDNEY. On Thunday, 26th inst., from the Railway Pier, Ssndridge, at 1 p.m Special train from Melbourne at 12.13 p.m. Reduced Fares:— Baloon ....... £8 o Intermediate ....... £S 6 Steerage ..... £3 0 Return Tickets : — Falcon .. .£14. 0 Steerage ........ £5 5 W. P. WHITE and CO., agents, TO Elizabeth ticet south STEAM TO HOBART TOWN. Th° CITY OF HOEART Leaves the Railway Pier on Wednesday, June 1st, at noon. Saloon ........... ........ . £7 0 - Steerage ..... 3 0 Freight per ton ..... 0 15 Return Tickets ..... 12 10 GILLES, NICHOLSON, and CO., Market street 67 29 o STEAM TO ADELAIDE. The steam ship H A V I L A H, On Tuesday, 31st instant. For freight or passage apply to M'MECKAN, BLACKWOOD, and Co., 2, King street......... 65 320 THE ST. LEONARD'S, QUEENS CLIFF, and POINT NEPEAN STEAMER; on and after Tuesday the 22nd March the steamer will leave Williamstown at 10.46 a.m., and the Sandridge Rail way Pier at 11 a.m., every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, returning to Railway Pier every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Leaving Queenscliff at 8 am . 72 23c GEORGE WARD COLE. STEAM TO warrnambool, PORT FAIRY AND - PORT LAND. .Nearest Route to Ararat and the Western Gold Fields. The favorite s.s.s. LADY BIRD, will sall for the above ports every Tuesday, weather permitting. JAS. HENTY and CO:, 11 Little Collins street West. 47 07 July 26 WHITE STAR LINE OF BRITISH AND AUSTRALIAN PACKETS. Sailing From Melbourne for Liverpool, -On the 25th of every month, ' And From Liverpool Fob Melbourne, On the 1st and 20th of every month. White Star..T. C. Kerr Red Jacket. .0 Halloran Prince of the Seas. .H. A. Shalimar.... J. R. Brown Brown Mermaid.... J. White Blue Jacket.. J. Clark Annie Wilson J. Duckitt Beechworth . .Thos. Frain Sirocco J. Flood Arabian . . . . M. Gandv Star of the East, J . Gaggs and other first-class Clippers. TO SAIL 26th MAY. The magnificent clipper ship, PRINCE OF THE SEAS, 1427 tons register, A 1 at Lloyds, H. A. Brown, Commander. Passengers to embark at 2 p.m. on the 26th May. The Prince of the Seas is one of the largest, hand- somest, and fastest clippers afloat. Designed ex- pressly for the Australian passenger trade, her accommodations are replete with every essential for the comfort of all classes of passengers. Her saloons are sumptuously furnished, including a piano, library , and bathroom, and the staterooms are supplied with beds, bedding, &c.; A cow is provided for the use of cabin Her second cabins are in front of the poop, and fitted up in a style superior to that of any ship on the berth, being equal to the chief cabin of many ships in the trade. Her steerage accommodations are extensive, lofty, and thoroughly lighted and ventilated. A qualified surgeon accompanies the ship. The ship can be inspected at the Railway Pier, N.B.— PASSAGES FROM ENGLAND by this Line of Ships can be obtained at moderate rates on application to the undersigned. For rates of passage, or freight, or other particulars, apply to L0RIMER, MACKIE, and CO., 122 Collins street west. 47 320 my 26 WHITE STAR LINE OF BRI- TISH AND AUSTRALIAN. PACKETS. PRINCE OF THE SEAS, For Liverpool. Notice to Passengers. Owing to the Custom House holiday on the Queen's birthday, the departure of this ship is unavoidably postponed one day. Passengers must embark on Thursday, the 26th list., by the steamer Black Eagle, which will leave the Queen's Wharf at two o'clock p.m., sharp. A few second and third class berths are still dis- engaged. LORIMER, MACKIE, and CO., agents, 122 Col- lins street west. 48 330 WHITE STAR LINE OF BRITISH AND AUSTRALIAN PACKETS. For Liverpool Direct. To Sail on Saturday, 4th June, The Splendid Now Clipper Ship, BERCH WORTH, 2008 Tons, WM. FAIN, Commander, Will be despatched as above. This magnificent ship was built by Donald McKay, of Boston, who built the Lightning, Champion of the Seas, and other noted clippers, and is acknow- ledged to be one of the best moulded and best con- structed ships ever launched from the yard of her cele- brated builder. She was designed exclusively for the passenger trade on long voyages, and her large dimensions and spacious accommodations for all classes are calculated to insure an amount of comfort to intending passen- gers rarely to be met with. Her chief cabin consists of two saloons handsomely furnished and liberally supplied with every comfort for the voyage. The state-rooms are very commodious and fitted up with beds, linen, and every requisite. The second cabin is on deck and affords very supe- rior accommodation to second class passengers. The steerage accommodations are unrivalled for space, light, and ventilation, the height between the decks being over eight feet. A surgeon accompanies the ship. Inspection from intending passengers is particu- larly invited, and orders to go on board free of charge can be obtained from the undersigned. For rates of passage freight and other particulars, apply to— LORIMER MACKIE, and CO., 122 Collin. street west. 48 26 jun 4 MERSEY LINE OF PACKETS. BLACK WATER, Captain H. JONES, FROM Liverpool. Consignees by the above vessel are informed that she will discharge at the Hobson's Bay Railway Pier, and are requested to pass entries, pay freight and pre- sent bills of lading to the undersigned. Arrangements have been made with Messrs T. Nor- ton and Co., to truck the cargo at 6 s per ton. Consignees of goods for Melbourne or Geelong are requested to notify to the undersigned where they wish them delivered, otherwise the goods will be No claim will bellowed for damage unless notified to the undersigned previous to the goods leaving the Railway shed. R.TOWN and CO., 20 William, street. 41 321 Q U R H N S C L I F F E.— FRANCIS PATERSON, Shipping agent, has a boat and crew always in atten- dance. All letters, telegraphic messages, or other com- munications entrusted to his care, to be conveyed on board vessels arriving within, or departing from, the Heads, shall be promptly attended to Charges— Telegraphic messages and letters delivered on board vessels, 61 ,1s cores nicotion not requiring boat, 10s 64 5957c' Shipping. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. BLACK WALL LINE OF PACKETS. (SOLE AGENTS, W. P. WHITE and CO.) The local agents of a Liverpool, As DISTINGUISHED FROM TEN LONDON LINE OF PASSENGER SHIPS, having thought to mislead the public with reference to their assumed connection with the BLACK WALL LINE, the undersigned are compelled to inform in- tending travellers that the agents alluded to hold no authority whatsoever to justify their proceedings. THE AUSTRALIAN AGENCY of the BLACK WALL LINE OF PACKETS IS HELD EXCLUSIVELY by W. P. WHITE and CO., 10 Elizabeth street south. 61 96 e ; IMPORTANT NOTICE BLACK WALL LINE OF PACKETS. (Agents— W. P. WhitE and Co.) The undersigned consider it necessary to state that tho following vessels alone compose the celebrated Blackwall Line of Packets, for -which they hold the exclusive agency : — Tons. Tons. Monarch . . 2000 Anglesey . 1300 Prince of Wales . 2000 Blackwall . . 1000 Roxburgh Castle . 1200 Result . . . . 2000 Agincourt . 1200 Swifttaure ... 1200 Dover Castle ....1200 Orwell . . . 1400 Owen Glendower . 1250 Newcastle . 1600 The reputation of Messrs Green's renowned clippers is such that the colonial, agents feel called upon to inform the public that no other vessels whatever trading to the Australian waters are entitled to bo included in the list of Blackwall liners. _ Prepaid Passages— Persons desirous of sending for their relatives or friends from, home, may obtain orders on London at the Melbourne office. W. P. WHITE and CO.,- Agents, 10 Elizabeth street south. 55 93 c —B L A C K W A L L LINE OF PACKETS. For London Direct. To sell positively on Thursday, the 9th June. The fine clipper ship AG1NCOURT, 1200 tons, A1 at Lloyds, George Tickell Commander, belonging to Messrs. Green, of Blackwall. The abovenamed favorite and well-known Black wall Liner, will be despatched for London direct, with strict punctuality, on Thursday, the 9th Juno. Being the property of Messrs. Green, of Blackwall, it is scarcely necessary to remark that the accommo dations in all classes are of a very superior character, and will compare favorably with those of aoy pas senger ship afloat. . In the saloon the chief cabins are capacious, well, ventilated, and in every respect adapted to suit the convenience of travellers who desire to render the homeward passage as comfortable- as pot sible. The second and third Class cabins are also capable of affording complete accommodation to a limited number of passengers, who will have abundant space allotted to them. It is confidently believed that under the' command of Captain Tickell, who possesses great experience of the trade, the Agincourt will accomplish a clipper passage to London. Early application for cabins is necessary, as it is anticipated that the inquiries for berths will be more than usually numerous. An experienced surgeon accompanies the ship. A cow has been placed on board for the use of the cabin passengers. Fares Cabin .. .. ..per agreement Second cabin .. ... £35 (including steward's attendance) Third cabin .. . £18 to £25 For plans of cabins, and second and third class dietary scale, apply to W.P. WHITE and CO Agenta. - 10 Elizabeth street south. 61 24o. FOR LONDON. The fine new A 1 ship 1NDRA, Captain Lipp, will sail for the above port on June 10 th Hides, tallow, wool, &c.;, taken at lowest rates. For freight or passage apply to J S. MOORE and CO., 2 Hall of Commerce. . 53 265 FOR SAN FRANCISCO, Touching at Sydney and Honolulu. The favotite Danish clipper ship CAROLINE, Captain H. Matthiessnn, to sail punctually on the 25th May.. This beautiful clipper, now regularly .in the Cali fornian trade, is too well known to require comment, and Captain Matthiessen's capability as a commander and gentlemanly conduct his been borne testimony to in the most handsome manner, by the numerous passengers he has .conveyed between this port and San Franeisco. For freight or pasage apply to . DICKSON, WILAMS and CO., Agents, 62 William street. FOR BATAVIA DIRECT— The very suporior and fast sailing Dutch East India man . DIRK ARNOLD, A1 at Lloyd's, 950 tons, C. De Veer, Esq., comman der is appointed to leave as above on the ;nd of June next. Has splendid accommodations f or in tending passengers, who will be taken at moderate For particulars apply to the commander, oa board ; H. NAHMER, son, and CO., 09 Queen street FOR LYTTELTON, VIA NELSON. The well-known and favorite schooner, MARCHIONESS, C. T. Kreeft, master, Is appointed to sail for the above port on Saturday, Arrangements have been made to keep this vessel constantly in the trade between this port and New Zealand, and shippers may now rely upon having, at regular intervals, an opportunity for shipping goods at moderate rates of freght. Has supperior accomadation for both first and second cabin passengers. For freight or passage, apply to Captain Kreeft, on boards or to MILES, KINGTON and CO, Flinders lane west 38 296 may 28 FOR FREIGHT OR CHARTER. The fine clipper Ship CHARLES, 652tons F.Lechere, master, now delivering her cargo from london,in first rate order. Apply-DENNISTOUN BROTHERS and CO., 104 King street. 40266 FOR FREIGHT, or Charter, to any part of the world, The Fine Al Clipper Ship QUEEN OF THE CLYDE, 1090 Tons Register, A. Glbn, Master. Apply to DENNISTOUN BROTHBES and CO., 104 King street. - 42 267 Shipping. THE ORIGINAL BLACK WALL LINE. Notice to Passengers. The public are respectfully informed that the Agency of Meassrs Money Wigram and Sons Black wall Line of Packets, comprising the Kent | Southampton Norfolk Lincolnshire. Suffolk And other well-known clippers, has been Transferred from Messrs W. P. White and Messrs BRIGHT BROTHERS: and CO., Flinders lane west. 61 11 ju 1 THE ORIGINAL BLACK WALL LINE. MESSRS MONEY WIGRAM AND SONS, (Of -Black wall, London,) LINE OF PACKET SHIPS, The following magnificent clipper ships, celebrated for having made come of the fastest passages yet ac- complished to and from the Australian Colonies, com- prise the above named splendid fleet :— Tons. Essex .... ...... A'twood .. .. .. 1000 Suffolk .. .. .. Martin .. .. .. 1100 Lincolnshire.. .. Roe ... ............ 1000 Southampton ., Tonkin .. .. .. 1000 Kent .. .. .. .. .. Clayton .. .. .. 1000 Norfolk ......... Reynell .. .. .. .. 1000 Sussex .. .. .. Fethergill .......... 1000 Maidstone .. .. Stcavenson .. .. .. 1000 These vessels have acquired so great a reputation for the rapidity and regularity of their passages, their exceedingly comfortable accommodations, and for the attention and urbanity of their commanders, as to render further description unnecessary. Persons desirous of bringing out their friends to the colony, can arrange to do to with the undersigned, who issue passage tickets, available by any of the ship of this line. BRIGHT BROTHERS, and Co., Agents 60 11 June 1 RAPID COMMUNICATION between LIVERPOOL and AUSTRALIA by STEAM and CLIPPER SAILING SHIPS. The BLACK WALL LINE of British and Australian, ex Royal Mail Packets, and EAGLE LINE OF PACKETS, in conjunction with the celebrated AUXILIARY STEAM CLIP- PERS Great Britain and Royal Charter will sail regularly twice a month, from Liverpool to Melbourne, and once a month from Melbourne to Liverpool. The splendid fleet is composed of the following and other vessels, being the largest, finest, and fastest, merchant ships in the world : — Tons Ships.. .. .. .. Captains. Burthen. Great Britain, s. s. 8. Gray .. 6000 Lightning .. . . Clarke . . .. 4500 Rowena .. .. .. Wilson .. .. 3000 Marco' Polo .. . . Johnston .. .. 5000 Royal Charter, B.8.S. .. Taylor .. 6000 Champion of the Se as . . M'Kirdy .. 6000 Donald M'Kay . . Tobin .. .. .. 6000 Eagle .. .. Murphy .. .. .. .. .. 3000 Ocean Chief .. . . Brown . . .. .. 3500 Indian Queen Brewer .. .. .. .. ..2500 British Trident .. .. .. O'Neil .. .. 3000 Gipsey Bride .. Murphy .. .. .. .. 3000 Great Tasmania .. Gardyns . . .. .. 4000 Commodore Perry .. .. Webb .. .. 4900 Meteor .. . . Porter .. .. .. 3000 Montmorency .. Kiddie .. .. .. .. 2000 The above celebrated steam and clipper ships, forming the two lines so well known for their rapid passages, punctuality in as filing, and splendid accom- modations, unsurpassed by any ships in the world, will continue to sail regularly between Melbourne and Liverpool, thus affording; to passengers and shippers the greatest possible advantages. The commanders are men of experience,and noted for their kindness and attention to the passengers.The cabin accom- modation for all classes is most superior, the saloons being elegantly furnished and fitted up with every convenience, the staterooms supplied with beds, bed- ding, towels, &c.; Passages for friends from all parts of Europe and America can be engaged Melbourne, by application to the agents, BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO., Flinders lane west. 49 11 BLACK BALL AND EAGLE LINES OF PACKETS. For Liverpool direct. To follow the Lightning. The well known favorite Eagle Liner EAGLE, 1050 Tons, M. Mxtbpuy, Commander, Will be despatched for Liverpool direct on Saturday, the 4th June. The saloon is most comfortably fitted up, being furnished with beds, bedding, towels, and every requisite. . Tho second and third cabins are also very comfort able, being lofty and well ventilated. The Eagle is still commanded by Capt. M. Murphy, who is well known for his kindness and attention to his passengers. A cow is provided for the use of saloon passengers. An experienced surgeon will accompany tha Bhip. FARES. Saloon per agreement, \- Second cabin .... £35 Third cabin ....... £18 and £20 A boat is in attendance at the Railway Pier, Sand ridge, to convey intending passengers to inspect the ship free of charge. For plans of cabins and further particulars apply to BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO., Agents. ... To be followed by the clipper ship Marco Polo on the 6th July next. 64 19c THE ORIGINAL BLACKWALL LINE. Messrs ''Money Wigram and Sons' (of Blackwall Yard, London) Line of Packets. For LONDON direct, To sail on Tuesdav, 21st June, The celebrated clipper ship K E N T, 1100 tons, A 1 at Lloyds', M. T. Clayton, commander, will positively be despatched us above. _ The Kent has earned such a high reputation for the rapidity and regularity of her passages as to entitle her to rank as the fastest ship sailing between London and the Australian colonies. Her accom modations for all classes are very superior, but they are now so well known as to render a description unnecessary. She is commanded by M. T. Clayton, Esq. (formerly chief officer), who, on the outward voyage, won the esteem and confidence of all on board, and upon his arrival in Hobson's Bay, received the highest testi monials from his passengers. An experienced surgeon will accompany the ship. A cow is on board for the use of the saloon pas A stewardess has been provided for the comfort of the lady passengers. FARES: Saloon, as per agreement. Second Cabin £35, including steward's attendance. Third cabin £18 to £25. A boat is in attendance at the Railway pier ier, Sand ridge to convey intending passengers to inspect the ship free of charge for which orders can be obtained from the undersigned. For rates of freight, plans of cabins, &c.;, apply to BH1GHT, BROTHERS, and CO., Agents. 30c THE ORIGINAL BLACKWALL LINE. Mesers Money Wigram and Son's (of Blackwall Yard, London) Line of Packet Ships. SOUTHAMPTON, FOR LONDON. Notice to Passengers. Yesterday being a public Holiday in celebration of her Majesty's birthday, this ship's departure is post opened until to day, the 25th inst. The few remaining berths vacant can be secured on application at our office before three p.m. application at our office before three p.m. 311 BRIGHT BROTHERS AND CO. SHIPPING. GERMAN IMMIGRATION. Tho undersigned, general agents of Messrs J. C. Godeffroy and Son, Ham burg, beg to inform the German colonists that they are prepared to issue Passage Orders from Hamburg in the well-known vessels of the above named firm. F. HALLER and CO., 110 Flinders lane west. 59 298 sat, wed, jun 18 OUTFITS for England and all parts of the World, at English prices. Passengers proceeding to England or else where will find every article required for the voyage on sale by the undersigned — Beds, pillows, sheets, blankets, counterpanes, rail way and opossum rugs, clothing of every kind, towels, carpet bags, trunks and boxes, tinware, plates, knives and forks, spoons, water kegs, marine, common and scented soaps, brushes, and every necessary article, cheap, durable, and specially adapted for sea-going passengers. Trunks made expressly for passengers per overland mail, and constantly on sale. WILLIAM SELKIRK, general shipping outfitter, 84 Collins street west, opposite Bank of Australasia, and near the Wharf and Railway Station. US' Observe — English prices. 49 25 july 17 alt Mailmaps, MELBOURNE AND HOBSON'S BAY RAIL WAY COMPANY. Notice is hereby given, that in terms of the Act of Council, incorperating the Company, the General Half-yearly Meeting of Shareholders will be held at the Offices, in Flinders street, on Tuesday, the 7th day of June next, at twelve o'clock noon, and which meeting will afterwards be made special, in accordance with section 30 of the Act of Incorporation, for tho purpose of appointing a Director in place of itichard Grice, Esq , resigned. Holders of ten or more shares are eligible as Direc tors, .and those gentlemen who are willing to serve, if elected, are requested to signify their intention in writing to tho Secretary, on or before Saturday, tho 4th day of June. The transfer books will be closed from Tuesday, tho 31st May, until Wednesday, the 8th June. By order of the Board of Directors, THOMAS FINLAYSON, 39 3101 jun 7. Secretary. VICTORIAN RAILWAYS. Excursion Return Ticket for QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY will be issued on Tuesday 24th, inst., at single fares at and for all V.R. stations. 61 229 J. WARD, Secretary. VICTORIAN RAILWAY S . On and after 1st April, Trains will run as follows: — MELBOURNE and SUNBURY Week Days. Leave Melbourne at 6.15 8.45 3.15 6.45 ' Leave Sunbury at 5 7.30 1.30 4.30 The 6 a.m. train will not leave on Mondays. Sundays. A.M. a,m. p.m. p.m. Leave Melbourne at 8 — 2.15 6.15 Leave Sunbury at 5 9.30 3.30 6.30 MELBOURNE and WILLIAMSTOWN. Week Days. A.M. P.M. Leave Melbourne 8.30, 9.16, 10, 11 1 1,2,3,4,5, 6,7 Leave Williams town ........ 8, 8.30, 9.20,10, 11 [1,2,3,4,5,6 Sundays. A.M. P.M. Leave Melbourne 8.30, 10 1.30, 2.30, 3.30,4:30, 5.30, 6.30,-7.30 , Leave Williamstown 7.46, 9,30 1.30, 2 30, 3 30, 4.30, 5.30,6.30 ' On Saturdays and Sundays, Excursion Tickets will be issued on application at single fares. These tickets are available for return by any train up to the fol- lowing Monday night. By order, JOSEPH WARD, Secretary. 42 79 c A T Mr and Mrs Elderton's Male and Female Servants Offices, 88 Collins street east, — a se- lection of efficient and respectable Servants and Mar- ried Couples, with good references, for town and country-service, wait engagements. Country orders punctually fulfilled. Luggage stored. 7 23 aug 15 AT MRS. MAIN'S Servants' Offices, corner of Bourke and Elizabeth streets, a numerous selection of efficient and respectable Servants, with references, for town red country, daily wait engage- ments. Spacious receiving-room for employers. Luggage stored. 44 90 July 6 Melbourne protestant orphan ASYLUM, EMERALD HILL. Required for the above Institution a Superinten- dent. One having a knowledge of Medicine would be preferred. If married, and the wife capable of undertaking the office of Matron, a salary of £250 would be given with board and residence. Applica- tions, with testimonials and references, to be left with the Secretary, Mr. Browning, 133 Fitzroy street, Col- lingwood, before June 11th. wed sat, June 8 WET-NURSE.— Wanted by a young Woman, just confined, and who has lost her baby, a nursing either in town or country. Address 163 King street. 7 311 WANTED, a steady Partner, with £50, to pur- chase a Horne and Trucks, to join the adver- tiser, who has a puddling machine, dam, and a great of surface, which is likely to return £5 to £6 a man, per week. Address George Gattie, Post Office, Bu- ninyong. 45 238 mo we sa WANTED, two or three pairs of Carrier Pigeons. Address ' Sportsman,' Office of this paper. 2102 WANTED.— Books Wanted in any language or quantity. The highest price given. Dwight, bookseller, near Parliament Houses. 65 10 augt 5 WANTED secondhand Guns, Pistols. Vincent's, gun maker, 59 Collins street east, five doors from Swanston street. 67 16 jun 6 WANTED, Secondhand Furniture. Harrison's Cheap Furniture Warehouse, 14 Little Col- lins street, between Elizabeth and Swanston streets. 40 08 July 27 BLACK, JOHN, who sailed from Liverpool in the ship Mobile, in 1854, is earnestly requested to write to his sister, Mrs M' Omish, at office of this paper. CHARLES JOBSON, from DUNDEE, in Scot- land, who had been in Sydney for several years, when last heard of by his friends at home, is requested immediately to apply personally, or by letter, to the subscriber, from whom he will hear of something to his advantage requiring his prompt attention. Any person who can give information about Mr Jobson is requested to communicate the same to the subscriber as soon as possible. M. L. KING, Merchant. 48 Flinders lane east. 48 21 ja 12 CARL RAU, a native of Furth, Bavaria, who left London for Melbourne in 1852, and has not since been heard of, is entreated to write to his friends. Any information respecting him will be gladly re- ceived by Messrs S. Stibel and Co., 32 Nicholas lane, London, who will defray any necessary expenses. 22 Missing Friends. FIFTY POUNDS Reward will be paid for satis- factory information of the present abode or fate of Mr John Robertson, passenger per J. Bogart, 1853, and last seen at Dunolly, 1856. Mr Robertson is thirty-three years of age, 6 feet 9 inches in height, fair hair and complexion, grey eyes, an engineer by profession, and lived for some years in Russia. Apply to W. Robertson, at Mr Lyell's, 100 Queen street, Melbourne. 2 217 GEORGE HUGH GRANT WHITING, of Maidstone, who came out to Adelaide in the Blundell (1851), and was last heard of (1864,) as en- gaped at a sheep-station on the Goulburn River, Victoria, is earnestly requested to write to his friends who are now settled in Tasmania. Any information respecting the above, addressed to Mr Whiting, Grove, Huon, Tasmania, will be most thankfully acknow- ledged. 10 92 jn 7 HENRY DEWING, from London, last heard of at Sandhurst, your brother Thomas will be glad to hear you News from home. Address Post Office, Taradale. 52 268 JOHN GILFILLAN will hear of something to his advantage by communicating with John Gow, Buckland, Ovens. 267 IF this should meet the eye of William Crockford (native place, Cheriton, Hampshire, England, and arrived in Victoria from Van Diemen's Land in 1854.) If he will write to his brother he will hear something to his advantage ; or if any friends will give information of his whereabouts, they will greatly oblige. Henry Crockford, Junction Farm, near Carrick, Launceston, Tasmania. 22 JOHN BONFIELD, late of Liverpool,send your address to Mr R. Edmunds, Age Office. 22 NESS. —If Richard Ness, who kept a store house at Tarradale, forty miles from Melbourne, will come to his friends at No. 27 St. John street, River lane, Islington, London, five hundred pounds shall be at his disposal with a comfortable residence. 22 PECKHAM RYE.— Benjamin Bagust, — will you call upon Charles Matthews, Castlemaine : im- portant news from home. 267 REGINALD STIRLING will find, his brother Archibald at Middleton's Creek diggings. Address Post Office, Fryer's Town. 13 266. Robert Thompson (grocer), of Galloway- shire, Scotland, arrived in Melbourne per ship Hibernia about seven years ago, — your sister is most anxious to hear from you. Write to the Miner's Exchange; Back Creek, Daisy Hill. 267 ST. JOHN'S, N. B.— Andrew Graham will oblige James Doyle by forwarding his letters. Direct in care of James W. Cremor, Mount Ararat. 267 TOMLIN. — John Vanhear Tomlin, musician, is earnestly requested to communicate with his family at 39 Drummond street, Euston square, Lon- don, or return to England immediately, his father having been dead nearly three years; Any one giving information respecting him will be rewarded, on applying as above. 22 THERE are letters lying at the office of this paper for the following persons: — . Mr M' Kenna, storekeeper, Beechworth Mr J. T. Charlton, contractor, Geelong Mr P. K. Campbell, Maryborough, Lecture and Demons. LECTURE, MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.— Saturday, 28th instant, at seven p.m.— A public Lecture will be given on the above evening by Martin Gardiner, Esq., C.K. Subject — The necessity of having the Mathematics and Applied Mechanics occupy a more prominent place in public instruction. Members of the Philosophical and Mining. Institutes, civil engineers, machinists, gentlemen of the Royal Victoria Artillery Corps, and all others interested in the progress of science, are requested to attend. Admission free. 4 331 THE Rev. Joseph Dare, of Sandhurst, will preach this evening, in Wesley ' Church, Lonsdale street. Divine service will commence at half-past seven o'clock. A collection will be made. 2 311 Notices. ALL Claims against the Estate of the late Cornelius Green, of Omeo, to be sent in on or before 7th June, 1859, to D. Masterton, Administrator, 25 Latrobe street, Melbourne. 24th May, 1859. 6 331 CIT Y OF MELBOURNE. To Architects. Notice is hereby given, that the Council of the city of Melbourne are about to proceed with the erection of Abattoirs on the land reserved for that purpose adja- cent to the cattle-yards on the Saltwater River, and are desirous of being furnished with Plans and'Draw- ings for the same, prepared by architects; and that, for the designs which may be approved by the Coun- cil, a premium of £50 will be paid to the architect who shall have prepared them, and who will also be entrusted with the superintend e of the erection of the building. The buildings must not exceed a gross cost of £8000. Competitors are required to acquaint themselves with the contour of the ground, either by inspection of the reserve, or by reference to a plan to be seen in the office of the City Surveyor, and they will be required to select the sites they may deem most suitable, and to give the reasons for their election. The plans, which must be deposited in the Town Clerk office at or before twelve o'clock noon, of Tuesday, the 14th day of June proxime, are to be addressed to the Right Worshipful the Mayor, en- dorsed ' Plan 'for Abattoirs, ' signed with a motto, and accompanied by a sealed envelope, containing the name and address of the author and the motto en- dorsed on the plan. Further information can be obtained on applica- tion at the office of the City Surveyor. E. G. FITZG1BBON, Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Office, Town Hall, Melbourne, May, 1859. 67 265 may 28 MILNER'S FIRE RESISTING SAFES.— To Messrs Bright Brothers and Co., Melbourne, Mer- chants, Wholesale Agents for Milner's Fire Resisting Safes. Gentlemen, — We have much pleasure in informing you that the Milner's File Resisting Safe, which we purchased from you three years ago effectually pre- served our books and bank notes, to the amount of one hundred and twenty pounds, although it was ex- posed seven hours to a heat so intense as to render it quite red in the destructive fire which reduced to ashes our promises with those of Messrs Harker and Co., on the morning of the 22nd March, 1859. We propose sending down the safe to Melbourne that the commercial public may have an opportunity of inspect- ing it. We are, gentlemen, yours obediently, (Signed) GIBSON AND STEWART. P.S. — Notes and parchments were in tho inside drawers. Pall Mall, Sandhurst, May 4th, 1859. 71 283 wed sat jun 8 amusements, H I P P O D R O M E.— Lonsdale Street. Continued Success. Wednesday and Thursday, May 25 and 25. Elegant and Classical Olympian Sports, worthy the palmy days of Ancient Rome. Nightly Achievements at the Hippodrome . J. O. PIERCE Will sing his New Song, which was received with shouts of applause last night. Doors open at seven. Performance at a quarter to eight. Admission : Pit, 1-. Boxes, 2s 6 d, Dress Circle, 4s. 87 321 Subs c r i p t i o to the ''AGE' is now as under,— For delivery in Town and Suburb, Town Shillings.. Twenty-Six Shillings and Sixpence for Country Subscribers, postage paid. Subscriptions, in every instance, paid in Advances Subscribers may commence during the currency of any quarter, and charged only for the time they may receive the paper. 12 Amusements. T H E A T R R R O Y A L. Sole. Proprietor : MR G. V. BROOKE. Manager and Director : MR R. YOUNGE. LEGITIMATE COMEDY. In consequence of the applause bestowed on the representation of THE COUNTRY SQUIRE AND MARRIED LIFE. They will be repeated this evening. On Wednesday Evening, May 25, 1859, The performances will commence with THE COUNTRY SQUIRE OR TWO DAYS AT THE HALL. Ballad. .....Mrs Hanoock. To conclude with MARRIED LIFE. To-morrow Evening, Thursday, May 26th, MR.R. Y O U N G E 'S FAREWELL BENEFIT At this. Theatre, when will be presented the beautiful Comedy, entitled STILL WATERS RUN DEEP AND ALCESTES, THE STRONG- MINDED WOMAN. Doors open at seven o'clock ; the curtain to rise at half-past seven precisely. TH E A T R E ROYAL. MR. R. YOUN'GE Will take his F A R E' WELL BENEFIT, And make his last appearance at this Theatre on Thursday Evening, May 25th, When will be presented the beautiful Comedy of STILL WATERS RUN DEEP. And , ALCESTES, Or, The STRONG MINDED WOMAN. 310 . PRINCESS'S THEATRE. — Benefit of Miss- Fanny Young. Immense success of Pianche's 'White Cat.'— ' Raffaelle the Reprobate.' 12 320 PRINCESS'S THEATRE.— Grand Holiday Per- formance. The Fairy story of the 'White Cat,' and '- Raffelle the Reprobato. 12 320 PRINCESS'S THEATRE.— Planene's Magnifi cent Spectacular Extravaganza 'The Whit® Cat,' and the celebrated Drama ' The Rake's Progress,' 9 311 PRINCESS'S THEATRE.— First Time of Rede's famous Drama 'The Rake's Progress,' and ' The White Cat.' 9 311 ARGYLE ROOMS — Last Night but three of the Season, as extensive alterations are required previous to opening for the Dramatic Season. 311 POSTPONEMENT OF THE QUEENS BALL. LADIES and Gentlemen, who have received in sitations to a Ball in honor of her Majesty's birthday, on Thursday', the 26 May, are informed, that it is unavoidably postponed, and .will tako place instead on Tuesday, the 28th June, the anniversary of her Majesty's Coronation. . ... W. C. BANCROFT, Captain. A.D.C. . 10 320 COM E A N D SEE THE CRYS AL PALACE, LONDON TAVERN, 65 Elizahbth street- 67 Storage FOXTON, JONES and CO.'S' Free Stores, 87 Flinders street, Wharf. Storage for 2000 toni of Goods, at the lowest rates. Goods' landed, carted, &c.; . 45 90 july 5 STORAGE, for Merchandise. William Tilley's, 100 Collins street. First- rate cellar for butter, ale, &c.; 360 STORAGE, current rates. Room for 500 tons, at Creaton's Stores, 17 King street, Wharf,' 1st Jones's. 50 25 ne 17 Machinery ALEXANDER MACFARLAN and CO., Iri porters of Steam Engines, Agricultural Imple ments, and other Machinery. 13 Flinders lane »ast, opposito Degraves' mills. 44 29 june 22 MANSFIELD and HEWITT'S Patent Tree and Stump Extractor Manufactory, 9 A'Beckett street. Office, 1874 Elizabeth street. Awarded the First Prize Gold Medal by the Port Phillip Farmnrs' Society on February 23rd, 1859. 67 68 june 10 ON SAL E, by, the undersigned:— Sadler's 20 and 22 inch sausage-chopping ma chines, for hand or horse power Nye's domestic sausuge cutting and filling machines Lyons's do do Taylor's sausage-stuffing machines Eavage's groccrs' coffee-mills, with two fiy» wheels to each Savoge's tea cutting nnd mixing machine* ? Savage's currant- dressing maehines Avery's sugar-mills Richmond and Chandler's bean and oat crushers Richmond nnd Chandler's chaff-cutters, for hand and beree power Richmond and Chandler's malt-mills ? Wine-bottling machines and corks. WALTER POWELL and CO., 7 Swanaton street. 44 266 ON SALE, ono of Clayton, Shuttleworth, and Co.'s fixed horizontal Steam Engines, a rever sing link motion, with two improved tube and fluo boilers; also Carriage for conveyance up country. The above, which is one of the best fiaishud and most complete engines in the colony, can be seen, put to gether, at the stores of Miles, Kington, and Co., 97 Flinders lane west. 41 2127 SEWING MACHINES On Sale, An Assortment of FAMILY SEWING MACHINES, From GROVER AND BAKER; Makers of the Best Sewing Machines Extant. FISHER, RICARDS AND CO., 114 Collins street West, Sole Agents for Orover and Baker, In Australia. 3 11 jun 1 STEAM-ENGINES, from 12 to 25 horse-power, with reverting gear, pumping and winding gear, o-inch wrought-iron piping and cast do, 13-inch latho, and other engine tools for Sale. J. J. Murphy, 61 Swanston street. 40 24 june 16 STEAM ENGINES, vtith pumping and winding gear, constantly on hand. J. J. Murphy, 61 Swanston street. 51 13 jun 3 