Sales by Auction. THIS DAY. 100 Casks Ale and Stout. To Wine Merchants and Others. ' "07" EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, JJ so at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, - 100 casks ale and stout. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 100 Bags Town-made near. ~ To Bakers, Grocers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Monday, September 7, at eleven o'olock, 100 bags town-made four. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 100 Tons Fine Java Rice To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 2 at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on "Tuesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 100 tons And Java rice. Guaranteed in fine order and condition. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. 20 Cases Soft Shell Almonds. ' To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, September 7, at close on o'clock, _ 20 cases soft shell almonds. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 180 Bags Hayes's Black Oats. 300 Do. Scotch White Do. More or Less Damaged. To Contractors and Others. v EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Tuesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, ISO bags Hayes's black oats SOO do Scotch white do. More or less damaged by sea water. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. 60rirltins Dutch Butter. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, -2 -at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on as day, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 50 firkins Dutch fresh butter. A One parcel. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. " 628 Sheets Galvanised Corrugated Iron. To Builders, Contractors, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, as at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 288 shoots galvanised corrugated iron, 7-feet . gauge 40 do do, 3 do, do 250 do do, 6 do, do. Slightly damaged, and sold for account of whom may concern. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 200 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. \- To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 200 firkins Cumming's D R. Cork butter. ss A guaranteed parcel. i Terms Liberal. as THIS DAY. \-- fiO Pockets Fine Kent Hops, 800 Horses Nova Candles. To Brewers, Storekeepers, Grocers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, w at their rooms, 88 Collins street west, on nesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, £0 pockets Kent hops 800 boxes Neva Stearine candles, r Guaranteed. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 3,000 Bushels Danish Oats, f To Cornfactors, livery-stable Keepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 9- at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on a Monday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 3,000 bushels Danish oats. The finest sample in the market. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 200 Boxes Nova Stearine Candles. More or Less Damaged. , To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 9 at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 1 Ex Zuleika, 200 boxes Neva stearine candles. More or less damaged by sea water, and sold for the benefited whom it may concern. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. 80 Cases Brobncr's Bacon, To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TTC" EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 20 cases Brobner's bacon, middles 10 do do, sides ' Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. li'Cases Tupper and Co.'s Galvanised Iron. 8 Tons Do Do. Tiles To Builders, Contractors, and Others. 117" EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 11 cases Tupper and Co's galvanised corrugated ¡ iron, 28 gauge < 8 tons Tupper and Co's tiles, do do, 3 ft. shift. in. a Alt landed in good order. t Terms at Sale,' " : THIS DAY. 6 Bolos Brown Paper Bags. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 Collins-street West, on xuHwuay, September 7, at eleven o'clock, ' 6 bales brown paper bags. No reserve. Terms at Sale. _ THIS DAY. 150 Barrels Prime Californian Salmon. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on nesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 160 barrels prime Eel River Californian salmon. Terms Liberal. Wednes WAS Wednesday, I ¥ swedes 3 'Weare THIS DAY. 26 Tons Fine Patna Rice. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. , EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . a at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 26 tons fine Patna rice, in good order. Terms at Sale TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. At Twelve o'clock. Valuable Building Sites, situate in Inkermann-road, close to the Brighton and St. Kilda Railway Station, and adjacent to the residence of Francis McDonnell, Four'Acres Building Land, subdivided as follows: Six Allotments, each having a frontage, of 40 feet 8 inches-to Inkermann-road, by a depth of 140 foot. Sixteen Allotments, each having a frontage of 66 feet to a Private) Road, by a depth of 140 foot. To Gentlemen, Private Families, Tradesmen and Others in Search of Eligible Building Sites, near EASEY and Co. have received instruc- W - tions from the proprietor to SELL by AUC aiON at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, September 18, at the. cf o o'clock, The following splendid building sites : Lots 1 too. Six valuable allotments, each having a frontage of 40 feet 8 Inches to Inkermann-road, by a depth of 140 feet. is "" Lots 7 to 22. 10 valuable allotments, each having a frontage of 66 feet to a private road, by a depth of 140 feet The above is part of Government Allotment 174 A, iswollBitnato, and commands extensive and beautiful views of the surrounding country, and is admirably adapted for the erection of first-class family residences. " .. " The auctioneers particularly invite the attention of gentlemen and others requiring a site for building a snug retreat to the above sale. The neighbourhood is both healthy and cheerful, and their instructions are to submit the same Without reserve. Title, one remove from the Crown. Terms liberal, declared at solo, rates now on view. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 28 Trunks Gamble and Davis's Ladies' Girls', and in " Children's Boots and Shoes.' To Boot and Shoe Warehousemen and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION. ,,»,T ." a? their rooms 83 Collins- street west, on Friday, September 6, at eleven o'clock, 21) trunks Gamble and Davis's ladies', girls', and children's boots and shoes, comprising Ladies' cordovan, welts Women's calf, do Ladies'' cashmere, side springs Girls'patent ankles Do coloured cashmere Ladies'' do do Do black satin boots - Do coloured cashmere adelaide Do French cashmere coloured boots, &c.; _ Terms Liberal. FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 9. Unreserved Sale of 81 Trunks and Cases of m r-, ~ Boots and Shoes (Spring Goods). To the Boot and Shoe Trade, Storekeepers, Dealers. and Others. W EASEY and Co. have received instruc- .- . i.-rt10?8 fí"?ÜL,?Il!SSra' arbury, Lamb, and to to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Friday, September 6, at eleven o'clock, I 81 packages seasonable boots and shoes, just Ex Black Swan, Consisting of Gent's best light calf wellington boots Do do princes boots Do do kid top boots, elastic sides Do do balmoral do, do Do do do, calf goloshed Gent's light memel boots, do Do do do, branded Do Lionel mock balmorals, do Men's stout kip bluchers, do Do do army do i Do calf bluchers do Ladies' best colored cashmere de- Do do (French) pumps Do best block Botin do Do do do, elastic sides Do cashmere do, do Do do do, to lace Girls' best do do, elastic sides and button ' Do coloured French cashmere, do Do cordovan boots, welts Children's best cashmere do, elastic sides Do coloured French cashmere, do Children's kid top balmorals Do cordovan boots, vi oils 3 Do morocco balmorals, and to button Do patent calf shoes, and straps ' Do coloured kid do Men's margate Slippers Gentlemen's white drill oxonian shoes, elastic fronts Chinese pegged blucher boots, &c.; The attention of the trade Is solicited tothoolovo unreserved sale of new and seasonable goods, oil to be sold without the slightest reserve. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. At Twelve o'clock. A Valuable City Property, situate in Flinders-lane West, near the comer of King-street, and opposite the Stores of Messrs. Miles, Kington, and Co., Levicks and Piper, and Alison and Knight's Bonded Stores. To Capitalists, Speculators, Merchants, Builders, and" Others. *¥X7" EASEY and Co. Ium o received instructions Y f from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION S, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, September 18, at twelve o'clock, The following desirable property Having a frontage of 28 feet to Flinders-lane, by a depth of 70 feet, with a right-of way on the westside, running through to Flinders street, and being part of Allotment 2 of Block 2, in the city of Melbourne. The auctioneers beg to call the attention of all classes to this sale of building land, it being in one of the Finest business positions in the city, and admirably adapted for the erection of first-rate) stores. Its proximity to the wharves, Custom-house, 1 railway Terminus, and the new bridge from Emerald Hill, are, must stamp at once Its great value for build-' one; purposes. Full particulars furnished on application to the end -stoners. Terms liberal. Title Unexceptionable TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. At Twelve o'clock. Unreserved Sale of Five Building Allotments, Front \- tag the Inkermann-road East St. Kilda, being Go . vernment Section 204, near the Brighton Railway Station, and close to the Residences of Madame Testar and Jno. Scraplo, Esq. To Capitalists, Builders, Private Families, and Others, I Socking Desirable Sites for Private Residences. EASEY and Co. have received instructions from the proprietor toSELLbyAUC TION at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, September 13, at twelve o'clock, The following valuable properties : Lots, 2 3, 4, 5, Each having a frontage of 60 feet by a depth of 628 feet, and containing by admeasurement 3 , roods and 8 perches. These suburban sites possess many advantages. Their large area, and the retired position from the noise and dust of St. Kilda and the city. The extensive views of the Bay and surrounding country, whilst sheltered from the strong sea breezes. From St. Kilda baths the distance is short, and the Railway Station Is Within 10 minutes' walk. The position of the land is admirable, and situate between the Residences of Madame Testar and Jno. Semple, Esq]., and fronting the \- Mansions of James Gill and J. Bennett, Esqrs. 7, These allotments can be recommended to business men desirous of obtaining first-class building thos for the erection of substantial villas. The soil is highly productive, and the section, as a whole (Bay 4 acres) would make - A first-rate vineyard or market-garden. Intending purchasers are solicited to inspect this property, which is close to W. Lyall's fenced paddock. The auctioneers will simply remark to all parties interested, that they are instructed to sell without reserve ; therefore, great bargains may be expected. Terms Half cash ; residue by be at three months'. Title, a grant from the Crown. PhuoB of the property can be seen at the mart, and every information furnished. Under the some instructions, date and hour, will be offered, Government Allotment 2 of Section 10, situate at Dunolly, having a frontage of 22 foot to the Broadway, by a depth of 106 feet. This valuable allotment is situate opposite the Bull and Mouth Hotel, and in a central position, being near the Victoria and other banks. Also, Allotment 4 of Section 10, corner allotment at Elsternwick, near the residences of Messrs. Foote, Thomson, and others, situation remarkably good. Terms at Sale. Mr FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, Footscray. To Small Capitalists and Others. LONG has received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, on day, September 9, at one o'clock, 'A valuable allotment of land in Footscray, adjoining the Railway Station, having a frontage to Albert Street of 83 foot, by a depth of 100 feet, all closely , fenced ; thereon a capital _ Four-roomed Weatherboard Cottage, well finished, and in a good state of preservation. Also, A large- water-tank, capable of containing DOO gal \- lone, wood shed, &c.; The beautiful position of this property is too well known to require any comment on the part of the auctioneer. Only a small amount of cash will be re- entered, the remainder being payable by monthly instalments of £3. ! Immediate possession of the property will be given toUlo purchaser. Title perfect. Also, Several excellent quarter-acre blocks in Hobb's Paddock, facing Station-parade, and other pal U ofFootscray. AH to be sold without the slightest reserve. James Long, auctioneer, 63 CoMes street west. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. To Shippers of Horses to India, Merchants, Dealers, \- and Others. 40 Tons Pressed Hay. WL. LEES and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the warehouse of Messrs. K. Goldsbrough and Co, on Monday, September 12, at twelve o'clock, Without any reserve, AsHhewarohouBo is to be cleared out for the wool season, 40 tons superior oaten hay, hydraulic pressed. Guaranteed parcel. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. At One o'clock. To Millers, Capitalists, and Others, Connewarre Steam Flour Mills. Land and Cottages. A Splendid Investment. T W. JOHNSTON and Co. are favoured with in instructions from the proprietor, John M'Vean, f£q7, to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION,, at their Produce Sale-rooms, 01 Myers- street west, on Thursday, September 16, at one o'clock, The Connewarre Steam Flour-mills, situate 6 miles \- south of Geelong, in the heart of a large and increasing agricultural district. The mill is substantially built of stone and brick, with side rooms, verandah, office, engine of 10-horse power, capable of working up to 20, engine-house and boiler shed attached. The interior fittings are three pairs of French burr stones, dressing machines, patent smutter, with elevators, holstlng-tacklo, Co. The machinery, which is of a very superior class, is in perfect working order, and has had but little wear. The cottages adjoining the mill comprise six comfort nblo/dBolUngs of two rooms each, built of brick, all spouted, and leading into a tank, built and arched with brick, containing 12,000 gallons. The mill and cottages, etc, stand on Ga. 2r. 3p. of rich garden land, and there is a creek running through the where length of this fine piece of ground, which affords all the year a copious supply of fresh water. The firewood, when stocked, will consist of 1,000 tonsj'moroor less, of good sound she-oak and gum, and which must be taken by the purchaser of the mill property at 7s. 6d. per ton. The mill stock to be taken at a valuation. , Title perfect. Terms for mill, land, and cottagos-ono-lourth cash, and the remainder by acceptances at eight and 12 months', bearing 10 per cent. Interest per annum. Terms for firewood declared on day of sole. -NB-The Connewarre Steam Flour Mills and flour are so favourably known throughout the colonies that it is quite superfluous for the auctioneers to add their modicum of praise. The mill is but recently built, and the machinery, which is in excellent condition, is of the best and newest description. A property of roch'üvtrlnsio worth is not the only inducement held out, but a mill already established, and celebrated for its manufacture of flour, and returning annually a very large per-centage. Anyone of ordinary perception must see at a glance that the fortunate pur _ chaBcr con at once, and with no trouble whatever, command an extensive business, and secure to J hiroBOlf a permanent and magnificent income Hoon PRELIMINARY NOTICE. On on Early Day, of which Due Notice will be Given, Overtime Goods, Machinery, Co. IT A. COFFEY will SELL by AUCTION, by order of G. W Cole, Esq., at the stores at hotham buildings, Flinders-street west, -?- - -v Ovort'tno goods, consisting of Machinery i Immigrants luggage And - - - Sundries. Further particulars in a future advertisement. THIS DAY. At One o'clock. At the Patent Slip, Williamstown. HA. COFFEY will SELL by AUCTION, as a the Patent Slip, Williamstown, on Wednesday, September 7, at one o'clock" 24 tons (more or less) yellow metal, Stripped from the ship Coquimbo. i Without Reserve THIS DAY! ' ' ~ At Eleven o'clock. On the Australian Wharf. Primo Launceston Oats. -. A. COFFEY will SELL by AUCTION on the Australian Wharf, on Wednesday, S sp ember 7, at eleven o'clock, Ex Dobsons, ' 2,000 bushels prime Launceston oats. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. At the Stores in the Roar of Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street west. Nitric Acid, Naphtha, Gum Arabic, so. A. COFFEY is instructed to SELL by glass j AUCTION, at the stores, roar of Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 3, 4 cases nitric acid, each 12 bottles (7lb,) ' 9 drums burning-naphtha 5 cwt. gum arabic , 1 case (about 5lb.) sweet spirits of Title. No Reserve. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. At Eleven o'clock. At the Stores, in the Rear of Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street west. To Wholesale and Retail Druggists, Perfumers, and Others. H A. COFFEY is instructed to SELL by XII AUCTION, at the above-named stores, on Thursday, September 8, at eleven o'clock, -A large assortment of genuine drugs, i And Fixtures. Suited for either wholesale or retail druggist. Together with Retorts and various chemical apparatus. Catalogues to be obtained at the office of the auctioneer, i THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 27th "VT KINSMAN has received instructions from. Jj__j| the Curator of Intestate Estates to SELL by AUCTION, at his mart, 8 Moor-street, Collingwood on Thursday, September 8, at three o'clock,? [ - The effects of G. Ford, A. Gardner, C. Trimmoll.l. i i J. Carlton, - Madgott, and others, deceased," consisting of " Wearing apparel, boxes, &c.; Also, " 'X ' Silver Lever watch \- 2 Iron pillars, 10 feet , , """" 1 hotel over 100 gross pipes of Patent leather summer shoes Do do boots .' White canvas shoes l ' 2 A quantity of muslin work 8 doz. cabbage-tree hats 8 do. with do ' _ 1 truck. Sale at three o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer 3 Moor-street, Collingwood". WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. At Twelve o'clock. Important Sale of Household Properties in the Hall of Commerce, Collins-street. To Capitalists, and Persons on the look-out for investments generally. "OTTO. SCHULTZ begs to announce to capt W talists and the public in general that he has made up his mind to DISPOSE Or most of his freehold properties In this colony by PUBLIC AUCTION, In the Hall of Commerce, Collins-street,. on Wednesday, September 7, at twelve o'clock a.m. Mr. Schultz would merely draw attention to the fact that he purchased and built these properties not for the purpose of reselling; that they will pay the purchaser at present rentals from 20 to 40 per cent. } or annum on his outlay and that the titles are in all cases guaranteed, and in many cases Crown grants... All the lots will be put up at the upset prices affixed to them, and positively sold. Lots. £100 per annum rental. Two shops in Brunswick, on the main Sydney-road with dwellings attached, mostly slate roofed, situate nearly opposite the Wesleyan Chapel, in the best business part of Brunswick, and in the occupation of Mr. Pryor, draper, and Mr. Bridges, shoemaker. For the last two years these shops have been occupied by the same tenants, and produced a rental of £3 5s. per week. Water is laid on, and there is also a large tank 10 foot deep on the premises. Size of land, 60 foot frontage by 100 feet in depth. Upset price, £000. Terms £200 cash, £100 with 10 per cent. Interest at three months' ; the balance, with interest at 10 per cent., at 12 months'. Lot 2. Five-roomed brick house, four-roomed stone house, 2, and six-roomed weatherboard, house, all slate "roofed and finished thoroughly, on land 80 feet by 100 feet. being Allotment 2 and part of Allotment 8 of Section 64, North Melbourne, fronting Stanley- street, which has been newly formed and metalled. The houses have been built for two and a half years, of the best materials, and one of them for Mr.. Schultz's own occupation. There are sheds and out- houses to each dwelling. A large brick cemented tank, into which the rain- water from the slate roofs be conducted by underground pipes, Supplies the pro- mises abundantly with water all the year round. A fine view of the Bay and shipping is obtained from this land. The houses have produced Mr. Schultz a rental of 182 per annum. Distance from the Post-office 20 minutes. Distance from the Spencer-street railway station eight minutes. Distance from the North Melbourne station four minutes. "" Upset price, £000. Terms £200 cash : balance in 18 months, paying a the meantime 10 per cent, per annum interest. Lot 3. Nine-roomed brick house, with large brick stable and hayloft, situate in Dudley-street, North Melbourne, a little below the Flagstaff, and known as No. 8, nearly opposite Captain Sturt's residence, The house is stuccoed and cemented all round, and was put into thorough good order by Mr. Schultz a few months ago. being then newly painted and papered, and finished with cupboards, mantel pieces, &e.;, of the best description, at an expense of £260. Size of land, 63 feet to Hindley-street, by about 140 feet in depth. Those promises have until lately been in Mr. Schultz's own occupation. Upset price, £050. Terms £160 cash; balance, with 10 per cent, interest, at 12 months'. ' Lot 4. St. Kilda Land. Corner allotment of land at St. Kilda, 30 foot frontage to the Brighton-road, by 102 foot along Maryville-street, 09 foot wide, and fronting the reserve at Monahan's, on which the St. Kilda and Brighton Railway Company have a grant for a station, near the properties and residences of - Monohan, T. M'Combie, Halo, Esqs and other well-known citizens. Till she is fit for any purpose. would be found very suitable for on hotel, i being about half-way between the Greyhound Inn and Elsternwick Hotel. Upset price, £150. Half cash; balance at three months', with 10 per cent, interest. Lots 66 and 7 44 feet frontage each to Maryville-street, by 108 feet in depth, nearly adjoining the above, and about 250 feet off the Brighton-road. Excellent villa sites. Lot 6 to be sold with the option of taking Lots 6 and 7 at the same price. The land .- ironed. , , Upset price. £50 per Lot, Cash. ! Lot 8. CO foot frontage to Albion-street, 60 feet wide, by a depth of 108 feet, at the roar of Lots Sand 7. Lot 3. Lot 9, Sec. 8, parish of Bong Bong, on the Bet Bet \- Creek, fronting the main road to Daisy Hill, and i ' near Bradshaw's pre-emptive right. Contains nearly 80 acres ; is in the centre of the gold-fields ; distant 15 miles from Maryborough, and 0 miles from the Avoca. Is excellent soil, and it is pro 1 Burned that a lode of tin exists on this land, it having been selected by Mr. Schultz on that account. j- Upset price, 30s. per acre. Half cash ; balance at two months', with interest. Lot 10. A. Suburban Lot No. 28, at Broadmeadows, on the Moonee Ponds, containing nearly 4 acres. Within a stone's-throw from the National Schools. A freestone quarry could easily be opened upon this land. Upset price, £00. n. Town Lots 1 and 5, of Section 20, at Broadmeadows, containing 1 acre 16 perches and 2 roods 22 perches respectively. Two of the prettiest lots in the township, which, as soon as the Essendon Railway will be continued, will be within 20 minutes ride from the city. Upset price for both lots. £50. Lots 11.12,13, and 14. Boluc subdivision of suburban Allotment No 16, parish of Paywit, at Portarlington, containing 4 acres 2 roods 24 perches each lot ; about three fourths of a mile from the jetty at Portarlington, and opposite the residence of Captain Brown. Of all places Mr. Schultz has visited in this colony Portarlington is the prettiest spot. From there you look into Bass's Straits southwards, and over Port Phillip Bay up to Williamstown northward to the eastward across Corio Bay are the Yowanga to the westward opposite is Schnapper Point. d ho land is undulating, and of excellent quality. Distance from Melbourne 32 miles, or about two and a-half hours' by steamer ; from St. Leonard's, 7 miles from Queenscliffe, 10 miles. Land at Portarlington has been sold at the Government land sales at as high a rate as £23 per acre. Upset price, £7 10s. per acre. Cash. J Lot 16. I Splendid farm of 147 acres of the richest soil at Bacchus Marsh, improved, fenced, with farm house, barn and stabling erected thereon, the] creator part cleared and partially under crop ; id Known as Cruikshank's Farm; with extensive) water frontage to the Lerderderg River, never known to be dry. The district of Bacchus Marsh is well known to be one of the richest In the colony. Upset price, 20 per acre. £700 may remain on mortgage for five years at 10 per cent, per annum. Further particulars from Mr. Schultz, at his office' CO Elizabeth-street, or at the St. Kilda Auction Mart AUCTION BUSINESS. Notice of Removal to Messrs. Mackillop and Cooke's. MR. STUBBS respectfully acquaints his All monds and the public that he has taken more i^SsÄsrSSS^ °n hisAUCTIONau1 At his old rooms, 81 Queen-street, Adjoining the Queen's Head. In the office daily from 9 a m. to 6 p.m. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. To the Boot and Shoe Trade 7 Cases Boots. Without Reserve. To Close a Shipment. as.?:. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AND IT. "ION, at the mart, 31 Queen-street, opposite the union Bank, on Friday, September 9, at twelve o'clock, 7 cases boots- 2 878-1 cost, 30 pairs Gentlemen's patent dress wellington boots - 870-1 do, 30 do do 880-1 do, 30 do do 881-1 do, 12 do do 24 pairs prince george boots 882-1 case, 30 pairs Gentlemen's patent dress prince george boots 884 do, 12 do Gentlemen's patent calf boots, albert elastic sides 24 pairs motor calf boots, patent hide, goloshed 887-1 case, 14 pairs motor elastic-side boots, do do 24 do gentlemen's black balmorals 889-1 case, 80 pairs black cloth albert, elastic. side, calf, goloshed boots. _ Without Reserve, for Cash. MR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, Silks. To Warehousemen, Drapers, and the Trade. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the mart, 81 Queen-street, on Friday, September 9, at twelve o'clock, A few pieces of assorted silks. To close an invoice Without Reserve, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. Seaport of Melbourne. ABSOLUTE SALE of the choicest and most valuable HALF-ACRE in Sandridge Being all that very commodious and very eligible Import and Export Shipping Property, Corner of Ross-street and Beach-road, Allotment I of Section 2 B, On which are the Extensive Premises recently used and known as The Hobson's Bay Saw Mills, having a noble frontage of 110 foot to the beach, by a frontage of 134 feet to Dow-street, recently made and metalled, and now open to the public traffic. It adjoins the Police Reserve, and Is immediately opposite that splendid pile of buildings, The Victoria Sugar Works. Situated as this splendid business property is, in the very best part of Sandridge, it is in every way adapted to the especial wants and worthy the name date attention of Agents to steam-packet companies Engineers, Import and export merchants, Timber and coal merchants, Wholesale and retail ship chandlers, Shipping agents, and would prove without doubt an exceedingly lucrative Investment for The capitalist and speculator. It is to them, therefore, that Mr. STUBBS Is especially justified in addressing this advertisement, and respectfully soliciting their immediate attention to this unreserved sale. The whole of the above-mentioned property, Including the capaciouS timber shed thereon, with plant and machinery, to" together with the very neat and comfortable cottage with verandah, Co" will be submitted to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at his old auction rooms, 31 Queen-street, by order of the proprietor. By Mr. STUBBS, On Monday next, September 5. , Sale to commence at twelve o'clock precisely. Terms very Liberal, vis. : One-third cash and the residue by acceptances at three and six months', bearing bank interest. Note. Late sales effected of township property of Sandridge, both by auction and private contract, have established a daily Increasing confidence In its daily growing importance No wonder, considering that Sandridge is undoubtedly the natural seaport of Melbourne, and the " forgot" that receives and protects not only all the Import-wealth from foreign countries, but the principal portion of that of the Intercolonial and export trade. Hundreds of ships, laden with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of property, He. anchored within a few hundred yards of this identical property. Besides which, In close contiguity to the railway Station is perhaps not the least of its many advantages, and the recent completion and opening out of Dow-street cannot fail to add to the already great traffic of this locality. The good title is an especial recommendation, being the Crown grant. Further particulars may be obtained at Mr. Stubbs's office, 31 Queen-street. San Ey PUB! WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. 6 Aero Lot for a Small Capitalist, Dorriuvut. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- II TION, at the Mart, 81 Queen-street, opposite the "Union Bank, on Wednesday, September 21, at twelve o'clock, : A 5-acre plot, being, All that piece of land, being Lot No. 13, per plan of sale, of Portion 3 of Section 2, parish of Derrimut, commencing at a point 40 feet south from a point 30 chains 68 links east from the north-west corner 1 of said Portion 3, and bounded on the north by a road 40 feet wide, In a line bearing further east I O chains 6 links on the east by a road 18 foot wide, i in a line bearing south 8 chains 20 links on the south by Lot No. 14 on- before-mentioned plan of I came, in a line bearing west 3 chains 6 lines, and on the west by Lot No." 15 on the said plan, In a a line bearing north 8 chains 20 Units, to the coin ' mcncliig-pomt. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. \- ! Peace I I ' Favourable to Property-Holders. To Merchants, Commission Merchants, Monoycd Squatters, Importers, Wool sorters, Warehousemen, " Capitalists, and Others. ! . Preliminary Notice. By Order of the Trustees of John Orr, Esq., j And Without Reserve. STUBBS is instructed to announce instructions received from the trustees to SELL UJ x PUBLIC AUCTION, at the mart, 31 Queen-street, on Wednesday, September 21, at twelve o'clock precisely, All those eligible and very extensive mercantile 1 premises, situate in Flinders-lane, and well known I as Mr. Orr's stores. Full particulars (of which, with the area of land upon which they stand, will appear in a future and more enlarged advertisement. Reference as to title, &c.;, trustees' solicitor. THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 8. To Furniture Dealers, Hotelkeepers, Parties Furnish- ing, Country Storekeepers, and Others. 80 Cases Winfield Patent Iron Bedsteads. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received by Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, September 8, at eleven o'clock, 80 cases of Winfiold's patent Iron bedsteads, consisting of Tenta, feet Four-post, do French, 4 feet and 4 feet 6, plain and ornamented Half-tester, 4 feet 0 with and without footrail i Do, do, ornamented \- French, with poles, 4 foot and 4 foot C StumpB, 8 feet, 4 feet, and 4 feet 6, The make of these bedsteads (Winfiold's) is a guarantee of their superior quality and finish, the double bedsteads all having long stretcher bars. Samples on view at the rooms of the auctioneers. < Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Agricultural Implo 1 ment Makers, and Others. Extensive Sale of American Ironmongery, c To Close Consignments for the Mail. Collins's Picks, Handled Axes, long-handled shovels, Ploughs, Hayouttors, Manilla Rope, Resin, Sausage Machines, c, BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, September 8, at eleven o'clock, 20 cases lubricating oil 6 cases Hunt's picks 27 do Collins's do I do hatchets 2 do stocks and dies 2 do sausagc-mochlnos 2 do do sellers 16 do handled axes 10 do broad hatchets 20 dozen scythes \- 21 do do sheaths 6 cases Ames long-handled No. 3 shovels 6 do handled do 2 do axe handles 400 barrels rosin Ploughs, hay cutters, so. Manilla rope 1 case coffee mills. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. To Provision Merchants, Bakers, Storekeepers, and Speculators. 160 Barrels Prime New Gallego Flour. 60 Do Corn Meal. "BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by Jj AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Friday, September 6, at eleven o'clock, 160 barrels Superfine flour, celebrated Gallogo brand, guaranteed. 60 do cornmeal. To close an account. 1 Terms Cash. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and 1-lb. Oysters, Lobsters, Carolina Rice, White California fc Beans, peas, and 1-lb. Mustards, 1-lb. jams, &e.; BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received is instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on Friday, September 6, at eleven o'clock, 120 cases 1-lb. lobsters 160 do do oysters 86 barrels white California beans 25 tons Carolina dressed rice 10 cases, each 4 doz., 1-lb. mustards, full size lOdo, each 6 doz., lb. do, do 10 do, each 2 doz., 1-lb. jams ^Th^wholoof the above are fresh goods, in excellent condition, and are to be sold. Terms Liberal. _ re THOMAS and Co. will SELL byAUC In TION, at the Railway Station, Flinders- street, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o clock, NO redwood deals, 11 x 8 60 deals ends, do . , 120 do do, do, slightly damaged. Also, on the Australian Wharf, 70 deals, 11 x 3, various lengths, Slightly damaged. Terms declared at Sale, THIS DAY, To Booksellers, Librarians, and Others. 1,600 Secondhand Books. Q GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by SAUCE FOR TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart. 48 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, September 1 at eleven o'clock, Immediately after the sale of stationery, 1,500 secondhand books, including, mooloo!, scientific, clerical, classical, romantic, dramatic, poetry, and other works. <, Terms Cash. No Reserve. THIS DAY. To Stationers, Booksellers, and Others. - Writing Paper, Account Books, Pens. S GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 2 at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 10 Collins street cast on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, An invoice of stationery, consisting of- -' Foolscap yellow and blue wove paper, wafers, adhesive envelopes, pons, sealing-wax, ac- count books. Without reserve. "as Terms-Cash. is " FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 0 ~ To Warehousemen, Drapers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. Hosiery. Fancy Drapery. Slops, Ac. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been a instructed by the importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins street east, on Friday, September 6, commencing at eleven o'clock, The following assortment of seasonable goods is- " To b o sold without reserve, - Printed sponges, hemmed Fancy beaufort ties Newport and Nottingham lace Youths' blue and white L. W. boso Men's brown and grey do do black cloth caps Do dark tweed do White and drab bands Coutlllo, sation, and P. wore stays > " Roll Shirtings r Crochet Collar - Sheetings, white and brown Fancy cotton and worsted socks ' S White and brown do Window not Mixed pins, in ounces Ladies' nightgown tins and chemises Fine Welsh flannels glass Coburgs and double Circassians. Terms at Sale. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. R. SAMUEL DEEBLE respectfully an _._^_ nounces to importers of drapery, fancy goods, and general merchandise, that, having obtained an auctioneers' licence, he is prepared to SELL all descriptions of MERCHANDISE at his Now Central Auction Rooms, No. 00 Elizabeth street, three doors from Collins-street. Sales of furniture, houses, land, As., ofTeetcd. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. Central City Auction-rooms, 00 Elizabeth-street. To Drapers, Clothiers, Dealers, and Others. Unreserved Sale of a Retail Stock of Slops. " S DEEBLE will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his rooms, 30 Elizabeth-street, on Thursday, September 8, at eleven o'clock, The on Uro stock of a retail shop dealer, comprising Boys' and youths' clothing Men's tweed and doe sac coats Do do shooting do Do do trousers Dodo vests Do rich more do Do white and brown drill trousers Do pilot coats Do alpaca do Gentlemen's white L. C. shirts Do fancy regatta do Men's Scotch twill shirts Beaufort tion Coral and spun handkerchiefs Cotton and Lambswool Half-hose Merino and cotton shirts Serge do, blue and scarlet White, blue, and scarlet blankets Men's felt hats Do French do Chinese netted sashes, Also, A large lot of fancy drapery, millinery, &c.; No reserve. Terms at Sale. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. Carisbrook. Carisbrook. To Capitalists and Others desirous of embarking into Very Lucrative Business. Valuable Brewery and Allotments of Land in the Township of Carisbrook. G WALSTAB has received instructions to a SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, 86 Collins street west, Temple court, on an early day, of which due notice will be given, That splendid and magnificent building known as the Carisbrook Brewery, in the township of Calls brook, county of Talbot, " Together with the following valuable allotments, also in the township of Carisbrook: n. P. Allotment 11, Section 21, admeasuring 1 20 .. 12d 17 at 13, in 1 It is 14, a 1 of ii 16. ii I 1 88 _ "" ~ ii i. ii 1 20 17s " I 30 1 Its TO ii 2, in to .. 16 .... 10 Full particulars of this highly valuable and important property will be given in future advertisements. i: POSTPONED until THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, In consequence of the Arrival of the Mail!, To Storekeepers and Others, Extensive Sale of Provisions, Groceries, Beer Wines, Spirits, Oats, do. d, Wo< \- - . - - Ex Nepaul, Woodstock, Oloadon, Silistria, And other arrivals. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from Messrs. De Pass Brothers and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, September 8, at twelve o'clock, The following choice assortment of merchandise : Provisions. 50 cases Glare's bacon 26 do Adams's prime hams 10 casks do 40 cases Uno Gloucester cheese 24 do Cheddar do, in skins 20 do Cheshire do ' 100 casks prime mess beef. Ale and Porter. 750 casks Byass's ale ' 750 do do porter ' 100 head. Bass's No. 3 Burton ale. Wines. 50 pipes Lisbon port. In hilda, and qrs, 20 do Hunt's port wine 16 do Bruno Silva's four diamond 8 do Gould Campbell's particular 10 butts do do gold sherry 15 do Burdon's Uno pale do 200 cases No. 1 Imperial do 200 do No 2 do do 250 do fine old Madeira 100 do sparkling moselle and hock 1000 do clarets 200 de Stolen wine. Spirits. 200 cases Otard's dark brandy 1000 do Pigeon's old tom 20 birds do do 200 cases whisky 80 hhds. W. I. rum. Oilmen's Stores. 100 cases Batgert lib. Jar Jams 100 do do 2lb. do do 100 do do lib. trade 100 do do 2lb do do 200 do do assorted fruits 100 do do all black currants 200 do Ano Patras currants 200 boxes Hale's lib. packet British sperms 80 cases sardines, halves and quarters 100 boxes layer raisins, 2lb. each 100 do do, 26. do 15 bales soft shell almonds 20 barrels Barcelona nuts 5 cases currants jolly 25 boxes macaroni! p 14 do vermicelli h 10 do arrowroot 25 cases half-pint salad oil 20 do pint do do 18 do do Worcester sauce 40 do assorted sauces 20 do lib. mustards 10 do Kolller's confectionary. Also, 1,621 bags Midlothian oats. Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale. glass THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. To Graziers, Stockholders, and Others. 3 Tons White clover Seed. 1 Ton Rod Do Do. 6 Tons Linseed Oil Cake. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thurs , September 8, at twelve o'clock, 8 tons white clever sood 1 ton red do do 5 tons linseed oil cake. Terms at sale. The above seed and coke Is Just landed in splendid condition, . .,,..« Samples can be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. _ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER. To Speculators, Persons Seeking Investments, any Others. ",, , Two Two-storied Brick House. situate in Nicholson street, opposite Carlton-gardens. S SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC Ki TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, September 8, at twelve o'clock, rains" "All that piece or pieces land, having frontage of 40 feet to Nicholson-street by a depth ores feet to a right-of-way 20 foot wide running late Regent-street, on churchyard erected Two Two-storied M<*-1>uU'.S0S5?|,"n .," one containing seven rooms, with kitchen, the other six rooms, with kitchen, both of>WWeira« well and faithfully built of bluestone and brick and have stated roof?, and being Nos. 18 and li Nicholson-street. Terms at sale. The auctioneers wish to ^'«AO seeking for first-class properties for either in best more as for speculation to the above really good and sub ttrÄroperty. as it affords one of those few oppor trustees of purchasing property of such intrinsic value- and as a portion of the purchase-money cat Tryalion mortgage at the low rate of Interest of. ïc?coX?"thereby enables persons money may be at present locked up an opportunity that should not be lost sight of. «_,i,".i Immediate possession can be had. For particulars of title, which is first-rate, apply to tion to be made at the office or Messrs Duerdin KoVckhorstiond Palmer, solicitors, Collins street. POSTPONED until FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER a. '"* " Important Sale of Valuable Freehold, Suburban. Sir c,°,Vntry Properties, situate In the Parties Jika Jika, Moorabbin, Carisbrook, and Brighton. \- Also the Marine Hotel, Brighton. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. SYMONS and PERRY have received instroo Tariff 10 SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins-street, on Friday, September 6, at twelve o'clock, Lot 1. All that well-known family hotel, called the Marine Hotel, Situate at Brighton, substantially built of brick and stone, with slated roof, containing a large bar. billiard and bagatelle rooms, eight large sittingrooms, eight bedrooms, kitchen and scullery detached, and every other convenience for carrying on an extensive business. There are also two large tanks and a well, with stabling and out-offices complete, the whole standing on ground containing nearly 2 acres, and fronting three main roads. Lot 2. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the parish of Carisbrook, containing 150 acres, being Portion No. 20. This land is situate adjoining the township, and is bounded by two Government roads, and adjoins the Govornment Po- lice Paddock. Lots. All that piece or parcel of land situate at Lyndhurst, in De Carle-street, and near the Court- house having a frontage of 141 foot, by a depth of 800 foot 9 inches. Lot 4. All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement 1 acre, be the same more or less, situate in the county of Bourke, parish of Jika Jika, being part of Portion, 124 of the said parish, and comprising Lot No. 30 on the original plan of subdivision of the said portion bounded on the west commencing at a point on the southern boundary line of the said portion distant 616 foot 2 inches east from the south-west corner thereof, by a Street 40 feet wide, reserved through the said portion, and called De Carle-street, bearing north 114 feet; on the north by other part of said portion, being Lot 86 on Bold plan of subdivision, by a line bearing east 810 foot 6 inches on the cost by part of Lot No. 48 on the said plan, being a like bearing south 141 foot and on the south part of Portion 147 of the said parish, being a line bearing west 310 foot 6 inches, to the point of commencement. Lot 6. All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 of the said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 64 to 104, both inclusive, on the plan of subdivision by the said Robert Willan of Lots 06, 00, 07, and is, on the original plan of subdivision of the said portion, commencing on the northern boundary line of the said portion at a point distant 2,107 feet 2 inches east from the north- west comer thereof, bounded on the north by part of Portion 127 of the said parish, bearing east 15 foot 6 inches on the east by a street 80 feet wide, called Victoria street, reserved by the said Robert Willan, bearing south 483 feet on the south by other part of sold Portion 124, bearing west 118 feet 6 inches; and on the west also by other part of the said Por- tion 124, bearing north 48 feet, to the continent one-point. Lots. ALL the other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 in the said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 74 to 81, both inclusive, on the said plan of subdivision by the said R. Willan, commencing on the northern boundary line of the said portion at a point distant 2,260 feet 8 Inches east from the north-west corner thereof, bounded on the north by part of the Bald Portion 127, bearing east 111 feet on the east by a street 80 feet wide called LaTrobe-street, reserved by the said R. Willan, bearing south 184 foot on the south by other part of said Portion 124, bearing west 111 feet; and on the west by Victoria-street aforesaid, bearing north 184 feet, to the commoncliig-polnt. Lot 7. All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 of said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 64 to 68, both inclusive, on sold plan of subdivision by the said H. Wilson, commencing on the northern boundary line of the said portion at a point distant 2,301 feet 8 inches cost from the north _ west comer thereof, bounded on the west by La Trobe-street aforesaid, bearing south 18 feet on the south by other port of sold portion bearing east 111 feet on the cost by a street 80 feet wide, called Albert-street, reserved by the said R Willan, bearing north 114 feet, and on the north by part of said Portion 127, bearing west 111 foot, to the commencing point. Lot 8. All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 of the said parish of Jika Jika, comprising Lots 47, 48, and 40 on the said plan of subdivision by the said li. Willan, commencing on the east side of La Trobe-street aforesaid at a point distant 207 feet south from the last-mentioned point on the northern bonn day-time of the said portion bounded on the west by La Trobe-street aforesaid, bearing further south 60 feet; on the south by other part of the said portion, bearing cost 111 feet on the cost by Albert-Street aforesaid bearing north 10 feet, and on the north also by other part of the said portion bearing west 26 feet, to the commencing point. LotO. All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 of the said parish, comprising Lots 32, 33, 84, and 86 on Mia . said plan of subdivision by the said R. Willan, commencing on the northern boundary line of the said portion at a point distant 2,682 feet 8 Inches cast from the north-west corner thereof ; bounded on the west by Albert-street aforesaid, bearing south 62 feet on the south by other part of the said portion bearing east 118 feet 6 inches on the cast also by other part of the said portion bearing north 62 feet and on the north by part of said Portion 127, bearing west 113 feet 6 inches, to the commoqclng-polnt. Lot 10. All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 of the said parish, and comprising Lots 21 to 30, both Inclusive, on the sold plan of subdivision by too Bald R. Willan, commencing on the east side of Albert-street aforesaid at a point distant HIS feet south from the last-mentioned point on the northern boundary line or the said portion ; bounded on the west by Albert-street aforesaid, bearing south 66 feet on the south by other part of the said portion bearing east 15 foot 6 inches on the east by other part of the said portion bearing west 113 feet 6 inches, to the cemmonchig-polnt. Together with, All and sundry the various buildings, messuages, and tenements erected and built thereon, Of which Further particulars may be obtained on application \- to Winfield Attenborough, Esq., solicitor, Collins street, or at the offices or the auctioneers, Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 0, , To Farmers, Dealers, and Others. In the Insolvent Estate of Mr. James Levack. By Order of the Official Assignee, R. E. Jacomb, Esq.. SYMONS and PERRY have received instruc Cj tions from the Official Assignee, R. E. Jacomb, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at the Faro, about 8 miles from Gisborne, and nearly opposite the National Hotel, on Friday, September 6, at one o'clock. n s i 17 horses brood mares, cart and plough horses i 16 milch cows r 10 pigs 1 , 1 boar r- i 2 teams working bullocks 6 drays 7 sons gig and cart harness \- , 1 superior dogcart ¡ 1 dogcart horse j 2 ploughs ' i 1 chaff machine, 1 And A quantity of forming implements, &c.; ?? Terms- Cash on the fall of the hammer. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. 1 To Private Gentlemen. Capitalists, and Persons requiring a Splendid Suburban Retreat. Handsome Family Residence with Farm attached, Situate 6 miles from Melbourne, On the Flemington-road. In the Insolvent Estate of James Levack, "By Order of the Official Assignee, R E. Jacomb, Esq. CRAMOND and PERRY have received an Cj structions from the Official Assignee, R- E. Jacomb, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Monday, September 12, at twelve o'clock, 1 . All that desirable property situate near the Essendon Hotel, On the Main Mount Alexander-road, 6 miles from Melbourne, and recently In the , occupation of the late Mr. Wm. Kerr, consisting of 14 acres of land of the most fertile description, the whole well and securely fenced, and under \- cultivation, having a frontage to a crook with a never-failing supply of water. Together with, a substantially built stone house, containing dining and drawing rooms, four bedrooms, lobby, kitchen, servants rooms, storeroom. laundry, three-stalled stable and other out-offices; all in excellent repair, and suited to the reception of a large fondly without incurring any outlay. "" There is also an abundant supply of water from an underground tank recently constructed, a large kllckongardon securely fenced and well cropped, a neat and convenient stone cottage for a gardener or superintendent, and all requirements for a genteel country residence Title unexceptionable. The above property is of a description now rarely offered to the public, situate be near town as to criauU the man of business to reach it easily after ordinary business hours. The air is unquestionably healthy and bracing, the aspect being eastward, overlooking the pleasing undulations of the Moonee Ponds district, whilst uninterrupted communication with the Old and New Sydney roads will be afforded by means of a road about to be laid out from Glass- street, Essendon, to which the property fronts, extending to near Brunswick town. Title, First-class. For further particulars application to be made to the auctioneers. Terms liberal. Declared at Sale. _ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18. 143 Barrels Finest Flour Sulphur. 20 Casks Refined Rape Oil. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street west, on Tuesday, September 13, at twelve o'clock, 143 barrels finest flour sulphur 20 casks refined rape oil. Now landing, ex Washington. Terms at Sale. was THIS DAY. underwriters' Solo or 8 Bales Sntt aw j ExZuldBovoland, huSZSßgS* G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUfWnw . J P*TT. Collins-street, on-Sea' ember 7, at eleven o'clock. "Odncsdayi Ex Zuid Befand, from Amsterdam, to" wards llMnaS' «"»«?tat« 20 pieces, lm ^}í°?TUro, containing 10 nieces r,9n». . 40-1 do Hercules, containing Joss 89, All more or less damaged bvimSS a88yards. tódfWBOMuntofthonmíerwrKT110'' and took Without reserve. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Painters, Oil and Colour Men, and Others Unreserved Sale of Points. Whitelead, Varnishes, St, A8; M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms, ColUns-strcet,'onWofln"ni ' september 7, at eleven o'clock, reason Wednesday, 4 casks lemon chrome, each 10lb 4 do wild. do, do 1 ton patent dryers 4 casks dry English umber, each 20s. 1 ton blue point, in oil 8 casks gum arabic, each 125lb. 6 tons whitelead 1 4 do putty 800 kegs stone coloured paint, And 80 gallons assorted varnishes, To be Sold to close accounts for the mail No Reserve. THIS DAY. To Pnpcrliangors, Painters, and Others. 8 Bales Superior Paperhangings. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION Bolo 1, containing 400 pieces 2, do 100 do 3, do 400. do 4, do 400 do 5, do 400 do 0, do 400 do 7, do 100 do 3, do 400 do. All In guaranteed condition. I Samples now on view, i 'J crms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Grocers and Others. " 160 Boxes Belmont Sperm Candles. ' 08 Do Victoria Sperm Do AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION a in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday September 7, at eleven o'clock, -"wiring, 160 boxes Belmont sperm candles 08 do Victoria do do. All in guaranteed condition. Terms Liberal. J THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others Unreserved Sale of Ironmongery, &c.; G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION In 318 rooms Collins-street, on Wednesday; ember 7, at eleven o'clock,, " A quantity of ironmongery, comprising- ' Coffee mills, beer engines Register grates, flour-scales Bagatelle markers, spittoons "T axe-handles, adze handles ( Shovels, to. No reserve. at a Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Grocers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. 148 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. ) Q. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday, ember 7, at eleven o'clock, Ex-, 143 firkins D. B, Cork butter, of the brands : Berry's Honan's Oumrains's Brobnor's, and Adams's. All in splendid condition. Terms, Liberal, at Sale, THIS DAY. To Oil and Colour Men. Invoice of Dry Colours. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION,' a In his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, ember 7, at eleven o'clock, An invoice of - Rcdlcad, 3cwt casks I Do 2-cwt do English pink, for coachpainter Body and Japan varnish, 1 gallon each Japannors' and gold size, I do Yellow ochre Chalk, No. No reserve. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of 8 Cases Cheddar Cheese. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION,' _# in his rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, ' - 8 cases Cheddar cheese, marked weights. To be sold for account of whom it may concern. Without reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At No. S Customs Shed, To Tobacconists, Grocers, and Others. Underwriters' Solo of 80 Boxes Virginia Tobacco, states. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, 2 at No. 3 Customs Shed (on Hughes's Wharf), on Wednesday, September 7, at quarter to eleven o'clock precisely, Ex Continent, li in diamond, 8 cases tobacco (LittloJohn's brand), each 8 boxes 8 do do (Oceonielico brand), each 8 boxes 4 do do (Alliance brand), each 8 boxes. . All more or less damaged by seawater, and to be sold for account of the underwriters, at Customs weight. Without reserve. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Builders, Contractors, and Others. Unreserved Sale of 6 Tons Galvanised Iron. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 5 tons, more or less, galvanised iron. More or less damaged The whole of the above is now in the auctioneer's mart, and To be sold without reserve. Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. 10 Illida. Rum. 150 Cases French Brandy. 20 Quarter Casks Port Wine. . M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION,' in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, September 6, at eleven o'clock, P, 777 under, 20 quarter casks port wine. N, BE under, 160 cases French brandy. N, 631 under, 10 hhds. W. I. rum. Rent paid up to date. To be Sold to close accounts. Without reserve. Torms-Cash. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER. To Oil and Colour Merchants, Painters, Ship Chandler lers, and the Trade generally of Melbourne, Geelong, and Country Districts. Extensive and Unreserved Sale of. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION,' in his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, ember 12, at twelve o'olock, at Sea. 100-177-77 kegs, each about 2 cwt., party of superior quality 60-83-84 kegs, colors, about li cwt, lead colour, made from host whitelead and tinted 200-225-23 kegs, each about 15 cwt., patent dryers . . . 260-271-12 kegs, each about 15 cwt., purple 250-401-15 kegs, each about 11 cwt., Vonotlaa red 280-280-7 kegs, each about 15 cwt., stone colour, made from host whitelead v 300-300-7 kegs, each about town., brown ochre 820 352-18 kegs, each about 15cwt,, blue paint 863-800-7 kegs, each about IJcwt., ochre paint 810-314-5 kegs, each about 15cwt., green paint. All now in course of being landed, and may be book In bulk at the rooms of the auctioneer. The attention of the trade is requested to the above sale, the whole of the goods being of first quality, aw Will be sold Without any reserve. . Terms Under 50, cash ; atandnbovo that amount approved acceptances at three months' date. THIS DAY. Melbourne Solo-yards, . 20 Bourke-street west. To Gentlemen, Farmers, Dealers, and Others. W J. LOTHERINGTON will SELL by W AUCTION, at Hawley and Co.'s JW*.*» Bourke- street west, on Wednesday, September 7, at eleven o'clock, 7 draught horses 15 light-harness do 40 good hacks. Also, Drays, dogcarts, and harness. ' -THURSDAY, OCTOBER 6. In the Supreme OourtYoWho Colony of Victoria. Between Ashley and Hoare, Plaintiffs, and James Marshall, Defendant. NOTICE is hereby given, that tho'Sherifffor J thtfColonyof Victoria will cause to.be.SOLD ey jhjBLIOSAUOTION (unless the execution be pre Äy satisfied) at the Supreme garage % Trobe-street, Melbourne, on Thursday, across » at the hour of twelve o'clock noon, at,,.," two he right, title, and Intends, 4 W, °»gggft named defendant in and to all that P10TS'_^\f is situate in the city of Melbourne, and Tress 2 North Melbourne, in the county of Bourke T" , Colony of Victoria, having a "swarm - . (more or lesser Dryburgh street. On this ioT,., erected a large two-storied wooden the occupation of the defendant. Terms",?,? GEORGE BUT Sheriffs Office, Melbourne. GEORG^BlH?NS.ShorifrsOfflcOT, 