Advertising chasobs in the ' AGE ' ore cow as under : — Sixteen words anil under ... Osb Shilling. Ove sixteen anil under thirty Two SniLLIHQB. One hundred words, tin lines, or one nca ... Foes. SniLLixas. Every additional inch ... Tuksk SnlLLlKQB. ?Accounts rendered , monthly. No longer credit iven. Considerable allowance made* on repetitions. S&tppmB.; -JL* QITE'AM TO SYDNEY. aisiy r GBEAT RbDOCTIOX OF FARM. , ; Th« WONGA WON OA, On Monday, 23rd May, from the Railway Pier, Bundriiige, at 1 p.m Special train from Melbourne at 12.13 p.m. Reduced Fares: — Saloon ? ? ? ........... £8 0 Steerage ? ? £3 0 Return Tickets : — Saloon ? ? ,...,£14 0 Steerage ? ? ? ? ? £5 6 W. P. WHITE and 00., agents, 10 Elisabeth tieet south ? ' ? '«T»T~ Q TE am! T^O SYDNEY. StBsSx aN^LTne favorite screw steam ship . Z I N G A R 1.- . R. Q. Gilmour, commander, will lcavo the Railway Pier, Siniliitljje, on Saturday, the 21st instant, at 2 p.m. Fares: Saloon ' , . ' ? ? , . £0 0 0 Do Return Ticket ?? 11 0 0 Steeraee ,, ,. .. 2 10 0 For further particulars apply to BRIGHT, BROTHERS, and Co., Agents. ? ? 57 m * J§TEAJi T0 H0BA-R1' T0WN The steamer CITY OF HOBART Leaves the Railway Pier, Sandridge, on Wednesday, Juno 1st, at noon. Saloon..... ? ? ? ? £7 0 Steerage ? % ? ? ? 3 0 Freight, per ton ? ? 9 15 Return Tickets,. ? ? ? 12 10 GILL12S, NICHOLSON, and CO., 2-5 Market street W 63 may 21 j^TBAM TO ADELAIDE. «k/^^^K5^^.Tho steam ship ? ? ' ? - : II A Y I L A H, On Tiitfday, 31st instant. For freight or passage apply to M'MECKAN, BLACKWOOD, and Co., 2, King street. ? ? ? !! ? rr|BE ST. LEONARD'S, QTJEENS ra3~i-^ P CLIFF, and POINT NEPEAN J STEAMER; on and after Tuesday the 22nd March the steamer will leave Williamstown at 10,46 a.m., and the Sandridge Rail way Pier at 11 a.m., every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, returning to Railway Pier every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Leaving Queenscliff nt 8 7 2° i-3c GEORGE WARD COLE. ' otbam TO WARRNAMROOL, PORT FAIRY, AND PORT Nearest Routo to Ararat and the Western Gold Fields. .. , ' Tho favorite s.s.s. LADY BIRD, will sail for the above porta o^ery Tuesday, weather permitting. JAS. HKNTY and CO., 11 Little CoUina street west. 47 07 July 2-? gTEAM TO PORT ALBERT. ' a5?5as[v^« The fast paddle steamer SHANDON . Is now at the Queen's Wharf, receiving cargo, sail ins on Saturday at eleven o'clock punctually. Goods , requiro to be on the 'Whatf This Afternoon. Faius : Cabin ? £3 fs. Steerago ? £-. FreiKht ? £1 5s per ton. * JOUN ANDERSON, Agent, 41 Collins *treet wot. ? _ ? L_-'_ ^ - O I TEAMEU TO SJHNAPPER A Fteamer \riU leave Cole's Wharf m 'Parirday i.ext. the 21st May, for Schu*ppc- : Point nt hrJf- piit twelve o'clock, anil tho Railway Pier at two p in. Leaving Schnapper Point on Monday at eight a.m Fright, 10s. GEO. WARD COLE. ? liOYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY. f-pi h jj Royal Mail Steam Ship L ONEIDA, u. M. Leeds, Esq , Commaodor, will will tie despatched ftoui Sydney on 1st' J uue. and from Melbourne on 9th June, to STuth ampton direct, calling «t Rio and St. \incents, Cape do Verds, to coal, if neccisary. Passnge-moncy, first-class £S0, second-class, £3o. Treasure will bo conveyed on terms unusually favo rable to skippers, particulars of which, with forms ol bills of lading, may be obtained at the Royal Mail Company's Offices in Melbourne and Sydney. For further information respecting tho Royal Mail Company's lines in -.the West Indies and South Ame ''c'd'iI'AYS, agent, IS, Collin9-street east, Mel bourne. 46 2S sa tu jun 9 ? r; ? \xr HITS STAR LINK OF YY BRITISH AND AUSTRALIAN PACKETS. ? from Mblbockxb fob. Liverpool, On the 25th of every month, And from Liverpool for Melbourne, ' On the 1st and 20th of every month. White Star..T. C. Kerr Red Jacket. .0 Halloran Prince of the Seaa..H. A. Shalimar. . . . J. IL Brown Brown Mermaid.. ..J. Whit# Blue Jacket.. J. Clark Annie Wilson, J. Duokitt Beeehworth..Thos.Frain Sirocco...... J. ?tl0°a Arabian Gandy Star of the East, J. Gaggs and other first-class Clippers. PACKET OF 25 th MAY. The magnificent clipper ship, PRINCE OF THE SEAS, 1427 tons register! A 1 at Lloyds, H. A. Brown* Commander. , . Paisengers to embark at 2 p.m. on the 25th April. Tho Prince of the Seas is ono of the largest, hand somest, and fastest clippers afloat. Designed ex pressly for the Australian passenger trade, her accommodations are replete with every essential for the comfort of all classes of passengers^ Her saloons are sumptuously furnished, including a piano, library, and bathroom, and tha staterooms are supplied with beds, bedding, &c.; A cow is provided for the use of cabin passengcrs.^nd cal)in, flro jn front of the poop, and fitted nn in a stylo superior to that of any slup on the berth, being equai to the chief cabin ot many ships in the trade. . . . ? Her steerago accommodations are extensive, loity, and thoroughly lighted and ventilated. A qualified surgeon accompanies tho ship. . The ship can bs- inspected at the Railway Pier, MNTB. -PASSAGE S FROM ENGLAND by this X,ine of Ships can bo obtained nt moderate rates on application to the undersigned. For rates of passage, or freight, or other particulars, aPLORIMER, MACK1E, and CO., 122 Collins itreetwest. 41 06 my 25 ? ? ? |«r HITESTAlt LINE OF BRITISH W AND AUSTRALIAN 'Wm&& PACKETS. * For Liverpool Direct. To Sail on Saturday, 4th June, The Splendid New Clipper Ship, BEKCHWORTH, 2uO0 Tons, Wm. Frain, Commander, Will bo despatched as above. This magnificent ship was built by Donald McKay, of Boston, who built the Lightning, Champion of the Seas, and other noted clippers, and is acknow ledged to be one of the best moulded and belt con structed ships ever launched from the yard of her cele brated builder. Sho was designed exclusively for the passenger trade on long voyages, and her cargo dimensions and spacious accommodations for all classes are^calculatcd to insure an uniQunt of comfort to intending passen gers rarely to be met with. Her chief cabin consists of two saloons handsomely furnished and liberally supplied with every comtort for tho voyage. The state-rocms are very commodious and fitted up with beds, lineu, and ovry requisito. The second cabin is on deck and affords very supe rior accommodation to sccond-cluss passengers. \- Tho steerago accommoditions are unrivalled for apace, light, and ventilation, the height between tho decks being over eight feet. A surgeon accompanies the ship. Inspection frora intending passengers is particu larly invited, and orders to go oa bourd freo ol cburgo can be obtained fron? the undersigned. For rates of passage, freight, and other particulars, apply to — LOKIMJStt, MACKIE, and CO., 122 Collins ttreet west. 48 28 jun 4 Sfjtyjitojt. T^rO'.CICE TO THE, PUBLIC. BLACK WALL LINE OF PACKETS. (SOLE AGENTS, W. P. WHITE and CO.) Tho local agonts of a Liverpool, as dietihquishsd PROM THE LONDON 1INB OF PA8BEXOB*. »MIF», having i ought to mislead the public with reference to their assumed oonnection with tho BLACKTVALL LINE, the undersigned are compelled to inform in tending travellers that tho agents alluded to hold no authority whatsoever to juttify their proceedings. THE AUSTRALIAN AGENCY of the BLACK WALL LINE OF PACKETS IS HELD EXCLUSIVELY W. P. WHITE and CO., 10 Elisabeth street south. 'I 'a As. TM PORT ANT NOTICE BLACKWALL LINE OF: , PACKETS.. ! (Agt nts — W. P. »Vkitb »-nd Co.)2S I The undersigned .consider it necessary r» state that i the following vessel's alone compos# the celebrated Wackwall Line of packets, for which they hold the exclusive agency 51-ons. Ton. Monarch . . 2000 Anglesey . .1300 Prince of Wales . SOW Blackball . . 1000 Roxburgh Castla . 1200 Result . ... 2000 Igincourt . - 1200 Swiftsure . . 1200 D6ver Castle - 1200 Orwell . . . 1400 Owen Glendower . 1260 Newcastle . . loOO The reputation of Messrs Green's reno-wncd clipper, is such that the colonial agents feel c filled upon to inform the public that no other ves « els whatever trad'nsr to the Ausl relian waters are untitled to be included in the list of Blwkwall liners. . Prepaid Passages.— Persons desirous of sending for their relatives or friends from hoi ae, may obtain orders on London at the Melbourne oil lee. W P WHITE and CO., Agents, 10 Elisabeth street south. ' ? 65 93 c -1 OLACKWALL LINE OF J5 PACKETS. SyiisSftiSm For London Dir. Jet. To sail positively on' Thursday, the, 9th June. ; The fine clipper skip aoincourt, 1200 tons, A1 at Lloyi Is, George Tickell .Commander, belonging to Messrs. *C *reen, of Blackwa 11. The abovensmed favorite and well-Unown Black wall Liner, will be despatched for London direct with strict punctuality on Thursday, fJie 9th Juno. Being the property ot Messrs. Green, of Blackwall, 'it is scarcely necessary xcniark that trie accoznmo datioris in all classos » re of a vory superi* -r characte- , and will compare fs.vorably with those of any pas senger ship ofloit. ' , . _ ,, Iu the saloon the chier cabins are capacious, well . ves.tilated, and in « .very respect adapted to suit the convcnionca of ttavjllers who desiro to render tne homeward passago an comfortable as possiolc. The wcoud and th ird class cabtus ere also capable of affording complete n-i ?ommodauoti to a limited number of passcngeis, wl.o « ill have abundant space allotted t°iusDconfidc-Uly bo' \ioved thai under the command of Copt Jin Tickell, who possesses great experience of the trade, tho Aglw ourt will accomplish a clippor passage to London. ... . :k ?. llaily application I or cabins is necesssry, as tt is anticipated that the .1 nquiries for berths will be more than usually numerou «. . An experienced sup geon accompanies the ship. . A cow h.s been pi. uced on board for th» use of the cabin passengers. Fares Cabin .. .. per agreement Second cabin .. ?? (includini ' steward's attendance) Third cabin .. ?? ? 1-18 to £25 _ For plans of cabi ins, and second and third c.ass dietary scale, apply .'o ^ ^ ^ 10 Elizibeth street; south. 51 24o -J^OlR LONDON. I'ho fine, new A 1 ship INDRA, Captain Lipp, will s ail for the above port on J une 10iiides, tallow, wool,. ,&c.;, taken at lowest rates. For freight or pasaap s apply to J. S. MOOBE and CO., 2 llall of Commence. 6'J 265 UOB iS AN FRANCISCO, Jp Touching at Sydney and Honolulu. ? Tho favorito Danish clipper ship OAR01INE, Captain H- Matthiessbn, to sail punctually on the 25 th Mny.| _ This beautiful clippor, now regularly in the Cali fornian trade, is too well known to require comment, and Captain Matthiesien's capability as a commander and gentlemanly conduct has been borne testimony to, in the most handsome manner, by tho numerous passengers he has convej'ed between this port and Ban Francisco. , For freight or passage »pnly to DICKSON, WILLIAMS and CO., Ag'ants, 62 William street. ® *78 -nOE lyttelton, via NELSON. I The welKknown and favorite 6chooner, Baamiiinf MARCHIONESS, C. T. Kreeft, master, Is appointed to sail for the above port on Saturday, Arrangements have bea n made to keep th.-s vessel constantly in the trado bo tween this port and New Zealand, and shippers may now rely upon haTing, at regular intervals, an opportunity for shipping goods * ' H as* superior accomodatioii for both first and second °&For; freight or passage, apply to Captain Kreeit, ! 0nMILES°KINGTON sind CO., Flinders lane west. I So 2s K- may 2o — ERMAjS' IMMIGRATION. Tho undersigned, general agents of Messrs J. C. Oodetfroy and Son, Ham wTbegto inform the G« rman ^ colonists that they are prepared to issue Passa.0 e Orders from Hamburg in the well-known vessels o). the above named hrrn. F. 11 ALLER and CO., UO Himlors lano west. 59 298 sat, wed, jun 18 I T70R F'REIGHT OR CHARTER. The fine clipper ship Ziaaagff ciiaRlks, 602 tons, F. Lechere, niasier, now delivering her cargo from London, in fif ^t-rato order. Apply DENNISTOUN BROIHERS and CO., 104 King street. ? 40 266 _ 'T^OR. FREIG HT, or Charter, to any P part of tho world, The Fine Al Clipper Ship QUEEN OF THE CLYDE, lObO Tens Register, A. Glek, Master. Apply to DENNISTOUN BROTHERS andCO., 104 King street. m THIRST S1B.IP FOR LIVERPOOL. Natice to Passengers. t*Th?'\Vhi:e Star Liner, PRINCE OF ?HE SEAS,, retain H. A- Browr., wiil sail positively cn her .drntLd d.ie, the 25th inst. passengers must therefore be ready to imbark at 1 p.m. ou that cay. Pfts'»ceslet at the lowest current sates. LOK1MEH, MA.CKIB, and CO,, agents, ^Col lins street west'. *' -i_ nnHE ORIGINAL BLACKWALL JMfrv J_ LINE. Notice to Passengen. The public ate respectfully informed that the Agency of Messrs Money Wigram and Sons' Black- | wall Line of Packets, comprising the Kent I Southampton Norfolk 1 Lincolnshire. Suffolk I And other well-known clippers, has been Transferred from Messrs W. P» White' and Co. to . Messrs BRIGHT BROTHERS.' and CO., Flinders lane west. 51 H iu ^ THE ORIGINAL BLACKWALL LINE. -i Tt/TESSRS! MONEY WIGRAM 1Y1 AND SONS, (Of Blackwall, London,) LINE OF PACKET SHIPS, The following magnificent t:\ipper ships, celebrated for having made some of tho fastest passages, yet ac complMied to and from the Australian Colonies, com prise tho above-named splendid fleet : — Tons. Kssex ? ? Atwood ............ 1000 Suffolk ? .Martin ? ? 11G0 Lincolnshire.... Roe ? ? ? 1000 Southampton .. Tonkin ? ? ? 1000 Kent ? Clayton ? 1000 . Norfolk ........ Reynell ? ? 10';0 Sussex ........ Fetheigill ? KM) Maidstone ? Steavenson ? 1000 These vessels have acquired so great a reputation for tho rapidity and regularity of their passages, their exceedingly comfortable accommodations, and for the attention and urbanity, of their commandcrs, as to tender further description unnecessary. Persons deairous of bringing out their friends to the colony, can arrango to do so with the undersigned, who issue passage tickets, available by any ot the ship of this line. BRI9HT BROTHERS, and Co., Agents # 50 ll jun# 1 rr\HE ORIGINAL BLACKWALL J. LINE. ?ivISSgS. Msssrs Money, Wigram and Son's (of Blackwall, London) Line of Packets, Comprising the Kent, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincolnshire, and other well-known clippers. . For LONDON Direct, To follow the Lincolnshire, To sail positively on Tuesday, tbe 24th May, th. SOUTHAMPTON, 1100 tons, A 1 at Lloyd's, Bryan Tonkin, commander. This splendid ship has been fitted expressly for tho Australian passenger trade, having a full poop and great hoight in the 'tween decks, jilao spacious and well-ventilated accommodation for second and third class passengers, to whose health and comfort every attention wiU'bo paid. . , For the chief cabin passengers an excellent t»Wr will bo kept, including wines, spirits, beer, &e.; The second and third cabin dietary tcales will be found most liberal, and'caie nil! be tnken that every article supplied shall be of superior quality. Fares : Saloon .. .. as per agreement Second cabin (insluding steward', attendance)., £35 Third cabin .. ?? £18 to £25. An experienced surgeon accompanies the ship. A stewardess has been provided for tho comfort of lady passengers. A cow is provided for tha use of th. saloon passen ger*. Hosts are in attendance at the Roilway Pier, Sand ridge, to convey intending passengers to inspcct the ship, freo of charge, on presentation of orders from the undmi-ntd. For plans of cabins, rates of passage money, freight, &c;, and all particulars, apply to BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO., agents. The Southampton will be followed by the well known clipper Kent. -11 10 ~i m H E ORIGINAL BLACKWALL LINK. SOUTHAMPTON FOR LONDON. Notice to Passengers. The steamer Sophia will leave the Queen's wharf, on Tuesday next, the 21th instant, at two o'clock p.m., to convey passengers and luggage on board freo ofchaigo. ? . .All balances of passage rmonoy must be paid into our office before embarking. ? 2-38 BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO. SOUTHAMPTON, For London. All Accounts and Claims against this vessel must be rendered, to the undersigned, in dupli cate, by twelve o'clock on Monday, the 23ra inst., or they will not be recognised. 228 ;BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO., Agents. -l T- APID COMMUNICATION botween jyfefex K. LIVERPOOL and AUSTRALIA by STEAM and CLIPPER SAILING 4 fimSPL SHIPS. Tho BLACK BALL LINE of British and Australian, ex Royal Mail Packets, and EAGLE LINE OF PACKETS, in conjunction with tho celebrated AUXILIARY STEAM CLIP PEKS Great Britain and Royal Charter will sail regularly twice a month from Liverpool to Melbourne, and once a month from Melbourne to Liverpool. The splendid fleet is composed of the following and other vessels, being tho largest, finest, and fastest merchant ships in the world Tons Ships. Captains. Burthen. Great Britain, s.s.s. .. Gray .. 5000 Lightning .. ?» Clarke 4500 RowcLa ?? ?? 'Wilson ? , 3000 Marco Polo ? Johnston .. 5000 Royal Charter, s.s.s. .. Taylor 5000 Champion of the Seas., M'Kirdy ., 5000 Donald M'Kay .. Tobin .. 5u00 Eagle ? Murphy .. 3000 Ocean Chief . . . . Brown . . 3500 Indian Queen .. Brewer .. 2500 British Trident ., O'Neil ,. 3000 Gipsey Bride * ., Murphy .. 3000 Great Tasmania .. Gsrdyne .. 4o00 Commodoro Perry ?? Webb 4900 Meteor .. .. Porter ,. 3000 Montmorency .. Kiddie ., 2000 Jhe above celebrated steam and clipper ships, forming the two lines so well known for their rapid passages, punctuality in sailing, and splendid accom modations, unsurpassed by any ships in the world, will continue to sail regularly between Melbourne and Livet pool, thus affording to passengers and shippers the greatest possible advantages. The commanders aro men of experience, and noted for their kindness and attention to the passengers. The cabin accom modation for all classes is mo3t superior, the saloons being elegantly furnished and fitted up with every convenience, the staterooms supplied with beds, bed ding, towels, &c.; Passages for friends from al parts of Europe and America can be engaged M. bouino, by application to tho agents. ? BKIGrHT BROTHERS and CO., Flinders lano west. ? 49 11 -t r- LACK BALL AND EAGLE LINES jJ^s J) OF' PACKETS. For Liverpool direct. To follow the Lightning. Tho well known favorito Eagle Liner EAGLE, 1050 Tons, M. MuuPl'.r, Commander, Will bo despatched for Liverpool direct on Saturday, the 4th Juno. _ , , , . The saloon is most comfortably fitted up, oeing furnished with beds, bedding, towels, and every re^he1se'cond and third cabins are also very comfort able, being lofty and well ventilated. The Eagle is still commanded by Capt. M. Murphy, who is well known for his kindness and attention to i his passe® KiTS. ' , ' A cow is provided for the uso of saloon passengers. ! An experienced surgeon will accompany the ship. I _ Fares:— ' Saloon per agreement. ! . . Second cabin ? ...???to® Third cabin ? .£18 and £20 A boat is in attendance at the hallway Pier, Sand ridge, to convoy intending passengers to inspect the I shin free of charge. , , For plans o f cabins and furth er particulars apply to BRIGHT BROTHERS and CO., Agents^ ^ Shipping. jmHE~ ORIGINAL BLACKWAUL L LINE. Mcrsrs Money Wigram, and Sont* ? (of Blsckwall Yard, London) Line of Packets. For LONDON direct, The celebrated favorite clipper ship KENT, 1100 tons, A 1 nt Lloyds', M. T. Clayton, commander, will positively be despatched on Tuesday, the 21st June. BRIGHT, BROTHERS, and CO., .gcnti. ? 39 23 u E i N 8 C L I F V E — FRANC18 PAYERSON, snipping agent, has a boat and crow always in atten dance. Alllettcrs, telegraphic messages, or other com munications entrusted to liis care, to be conveyed on board vessels arriving within, or departing from, tho Heads, shall be promptly attended to. Charges — Telegraphic messages and letters deliverod on board vessels, £1 Is ; communication not requiring boat, 10, fld '' -7 « I ' ' 5KatUi!ai)0, 'y^i;C T O R I A N ' RAILWAYS. On and after 1st April, Trains will run as follows:— MELBOURNE ar.d SUN BURY Week Days. A.M. A.M. P.M. P.M.; Leave Melbourne at 6.15 8.46 3.15 5.45 Leave Sunbury at *5 7.30 1.30 4.30 ?The 6 a.m. train will not leave on Mondays. Sundays. A.M. A.M. P.M. P.M. Leave Melbourno at 8 — 2.15 5.15 Leave Sunbury at 5 9.30 3.30 6.30 , MELBOURNE and WILLIAMS'! OWN. Week Days. A.m. P.m. I Leave Melbourne 8.30, 9.15, 10, 11 1 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 | Leave Williaml- | town ? ? 8, 8.30, 9.20,10, 11 j 1,2,3,4,5,6 . (Sundays.; A.M. P.M. Leave Melbourne ., 8.30, 10 1.30, 2.30, 3.30, [4.30, 6.30, 6.30, 7.30 Leave Williamstown 7.45, 9,30 1.30, 2 3'J, 3.30, 4.30, «; a. .5.30, 6.30 On Saturdays and Sundays, Excursion Tickets will be issued on application at single fares- These tickets are available for return by any train up to tho fol lowing Monday-night. By ardor, JOSEPH WARD, Secretary. ^ -i* 7« c &2HanteU, A T Mr and Mrs Elderton's Malo and Feiaule t\ Servants' Ofllces, 8S Collins street east,— a sc Itouon of efficient and respectable Servants and Mar ried Coaplcs, with good references, for t'nvn and country sei vice, wait cng gements. Countiy orders punctually fulfilled. Luggage ttored. 7 23 aug 15 AT MKS. MAIN'S fcrvanu' Offices, corner of llouike and Elizabeth streets,^ a numerous soleciiou of eflicient and respectablu-Serv«nt3, with references, for town end country, daily wait engage ments. Spacious receiviug- rooia lor employers. Luggage stored. . 44 00 july 6 CITY OF MELBOURNE OAS AND COKE COMPANY. To Gas Engineers. Applications will be received by this Company until Monday tho 30th of May next ensuing, from gentle men thoroughly qualified to fill the office of Resident Engineer to this company. 'lhc gentleman selected will be required to com mence bis duties on the lsj August next. Salary, £800 per annum, with house, fuel, light, and water, and forage for one horse. Further paiticulars can be obtained on application to the Secretaiy of the Company. ? No application will be entertained unless ac companied by unexceptionable testimonials of ability. By order, A. PRIESTLEY, Secretaiy. Gas Office, Melbourne, 29th Mai oh, lb&9. 59 8lt-7 sa mo may 30 aUARRYMEN wanted. Apply at Cornish and Bruce's workshops. 69 235 TO QUARRYMEN. — Wanted a Foreman. Apply at Cornish and Bruce's workshops. 60 236 TO BUTCHERS. — A young man, who has been accustomed to a first class business in Brighton, Kngland, seeks a situation. Jonot, Agt office, Mel bourne. 7 218 WANTED, a good Lathe suitable for iron turning. Apply at 147 Russell street. 4 218 ' ? WANTED, a steady Partner, ^with £50, to pur chase a Horse i-nd Trucks, to join tho adver tiser, who has a puddling machine, dam, and a grant of surface, which is likely to return £6 to £6 a man, per week. Address George Gattio, Post Office, Bu ninyong. 45 238 mo we sa WANTED to Purohnse, Six-horse Port jblo En gine, new or secondhand. Address A. O., office of this paper. ? 9 213 WANTED Snakes alive. For Sale, Underwood's Antidote, bird Bkins, &o.; Heuson, gunmaker, 42 Queen street. 10 218* WANTED, two or thred pairs of Carrier Pigeons. Address ' Sportsman,' Office of this paper. ? . ? ? ? 2102 WANTED. — Books Wanted in any langui^o or quantity. The highest prico given. Dwiglit, bookseller, near Parliament Houses. 55 16 augt 6 WANTED secondhand Guns, Pistols. Vincent's, gunmaker, 59 Collins street east, five doors from Swanston street. 5716jun6 WANTED, Secondhand Furniture. Harrison's Cheap Furniture Warehouse, 14 Littlo Col lins street, between Elizabeth and Swanston streets. 40 08 july 27 BLACK, JOHN, who sailed from Liverpool in the ship Mobile, in 1854, is earnestly requested to writo to his sister, Mrs M' Ornish, at office of this paper. ? ? CHARLES JOBSON, from DUNDEE, in Scot land, who had been in Sydney for several years, when last heard of by his friends at home, is requested immediately to appl; personally, or by letter, to tho subscriber, from whom he will hear of something to his advantago requiring his prompt attention. Any j person who can give information about Mr Jobson is requested to communicate the same to tho subscriber as soon as possible. M. L. KING, Merchant. 48 Flinders lano east. 48 21 jn 12 CARL RAU, a nativo of Furth, Bavaria, who left London for Melbourne iu 1852, and has not sinco been heard of, is entreated to writo to his iriends. Any information respecting him will be gladly re ceived by Messrs S Siibel and Co., 32 Nicholas lane, London, who will defray any necessary expenses. FIFTY POUNDS Reward will be paid for satis factory information of the piesent abode or fato of Mr John Robertson, passenger per J. Bogart, 1S53, and last seen at Dunolly, 1856. Mr Robertson is tliirtv-three years of age, 5 feet 9 inches in height, fair 'hfcir end complexion, grey eyes, an engineer by profession, and lived for tomo years in Russia. Apply to W. Robertson, nt Nr Ljell-, 1C0 Queen ^trcet, Melbourne. jfiHtccins drdcnlic. FALKIRK. — Alexander Callander will hear of something to liis advantage by writing to his brother Andrew. Address, Post office, Chbwton. 242 ^niEORGE HUGH GRANT WH111NG, ol \J T Maidstone, who camo out to Adelaide iu the Blundell (1S51), and was last heard of (1854,) as en gaged at a sheep-station on the Goulburn River, \ ictcria, is earnestly requested to write to his iriends w 10 are now settled in Tasmania. Any information respecting the above, addressed to Mr Whiting, Grove, Huon,.. Tasmania, wiU be most thankfully acknow ledged. io 92 jn 7 ' HENRY DEWING, from London, last heard of at Sandhurst, your brother Thomas will be gifd to hear from you. News from home. Address Post Officc, Taiadale. 62 266 IF this rfiou'd meet tho eye of William Crockford (native plnoe, Cheriton, Hampshiro, England, '^arrived in Victoria from Van Diemen's Land in io$4.) If he will write to his brother ho will hear something to hi j advantage; or if any friends will of his whereabouts, they will greatly oblige. Henry Crockford, Junctiofi Farm, near Carrick, Launceston, Tasmania. 22 JOHN GILFILLAN will hear of something to his advantage by communicating with John Gow, Buckland, Ovens. 267 JOHN BONFIELD, lute of Liverpool, send your address to Mr R. Edmunds, Age Office. 22 MRS. JANE TICKNEU, or her daughters, Mrs Craig, or Mrs Chadwick. — On inquiry at the Office, no letters addressed there for either party. Mrs Craig, 101 Yorlt street, Emerald Hill. : : 8 218 MR. BALDWIN, last heard of at Victoria Hotel, would oblige by writing to Mr Cusden, 15 Bell streot, Edgeware roHd, Loudou.i '1104 NESS.— If Richard Ness, who kept a storo house at Tarradale, forty miles from Melbourne, will cutnc to his frienas nt No. 27 St. John street, River lane, Islington, London, five hundred pounds shall be at his disposal with a comfortable residence. 22 PECKHAM RYE.— Benjamin Bagust,— will you call upon Charles Matthews, C&stlcmainc;: im portant news from home. 267 Reginald Stirling win find his brother ?Archibald nt Middleton's- Creek diggings. Audress Post Office, Fryer's'Town. 13 26b ROBERT THOMPSON (Rrocer\ or Gi'lowuy ' shire, Scotl1 r'', p.rimu m Melbourne per ship i-'i'iernin aboUt scvun years ngo, — jour sister is most anxious to hear from you. Write to the Miner'. Exchange, Back Creek, Daisy Hill. 2b7 ST. JOHN'S, N. B. — Andrew Graham will oblige James Doylo by forwarding'hi* litters. Direct in care of James W. Crcuior, Mount Ararat. 267 rg^OML'lN.— John Vanhear Tomlin, musician, is i earnestly requested to communicate with his Uaiilv tt 3D Drummoi i! street, Euston iquaro, Lon don, or return to England immediately, his father having been dead nearly three years. Any one giving information respecting him will be rewarded, on applying ns above. 22 ' jPHEUE are It tters lying at tho office of this paper B for the loiloxving persons: — Mr M'lvenu3, storekeeper, Beechworth' Mr J. T. Charitoc, contractor, Goelong Mr p. K. CamptieU, Maryborough, NOttCf02 ' : BIBLE' INVESTIGATION. — Public meeting, lemperance Hall,, evory Sunday morning at Ten. Commencing to-morrow week. Free discus sion. -14 218 .0 I T Y O F MEL B, O U R N E. To Aiichitects. Notice is hereby given, that the Council of the city of Melbourne ore ubout to proceed with the ertction of Abattoirs on the land reserved for that purpose adja cent to tho cattle-yards on the Saltwater River, and are desirous of being furnished with Plans and Draw ings for the same, prepared by architects ; and that,' for tho designs which may be approved by the Coun cil, a premium of £50 will bo paid to tho architect who shall have prepared them, and who wilt also bo entrusted with the superinte ndc ce of the erection of tho building. -. 1 he buildings must not exceed a grojs cost of £8000. Competitors aro required to. acquaint themselves with the contour of the ground, either by inspection of tho reserve, or by reference to a plan to be seen in the office of the City Surveyor, and they will be required to solect the sites they. may. deem most suitable, and to givo tho reasons for their selection. The plans, which must bo deposited in tho Town Clerk's office at or before twelve o'clock noon, of Tuesday, tho 1 4th day of June proximo, are to be addressed to the Right Worshipful the Mayor, en dorsed ' Plan for Abattoirs,' signed with a niotto, and accompanied by a sealed envelope, containing the name and address of the author and tho motto en dorsed on the plan. . ? Further information can be obtained on applica tion at the office of the City Surveyor. E. G. F1TZOIBBON, Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Office, Town Hall, Melbourne, May, 1SOO. 67 265 may 28 EXHIBITION OF PICTURES, 110 Collins street East. M. CEDERBERG begs to announce, that owing to insufficient support, the Aht Union for tho abovo pictures is discontinued. Subscribers, who have paid their tickets, can have their money returned on calling at the rooms. Tho Pictures are for Private Sale, tho prices being marked upon them. 5 lt8 alt IN the Supremo Court of tho Colony of Victoria — Insolvency Jurisdiction.— In the Insolvent Estate of David Frew, of Bullaarat, in tho Colony of Vic toria.— I, the abovenamed insolvent, herebjr notify my intention to apply to the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates for the colony of Victoria, on Monday, the 20th day of June, Ifc59, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon, for a certificate of disohurge from such insolvency, according to the provision.' of the Act of Council, 7 Vict., No. 19, in that caso made and provided. ' Dated this 20th day of M^SSD.^^ By his solicitor, O. G. Hardy, Bollaarat. ' 1 218 jyj-ILNER'S FIRE RESISTING SAFES. To Messrs Bright Brothers and Co., Melbourne, Mer chants, Wholosale Agonts for, Milner's Fiio Resisting Safes. Gentlemen,— Wo have much pleasure in informing you that tho Milner's Fire Resisting Safe, which we purchased from you throe years ago effectually pre served our books and bank notes, to the amount ot ono hundred and twenty pounds, although it was ex posed seven hours to a heat so intense as to reudor it quite red in tho destruolive fire which reduced to ashes our premises with those of Messrs Harker and Co., on tho morning of the 22nd Mtrtch, 1859. We propose tendinc down the safe to Melbourno that the ! commercial public may have an opportunity ofinspect 1D*\Ve aro, Rentlemen, yours obediently, - I (Signed) GIBSON AND STEWART. p g, ? Notes and parchmonts were in the inside drawers. Pall Mall, Sandhurst, May 4th, 1859. 71 283 wed sat jun 8 NOTICE.— All persons having any elsim against the estate of Jamet Hague, deceased, late over seer to A. S. Robertson, E;q., Kinlock, Abbert Shol ford, aro hereby requested to forward the same to tho undersigned for liquidation within thirty days of this date; and all persons indebted to tho said James Hague, will oblige by paying the same to WALTEll BELL, Administrator, Corner of Albert und Nicholson streets, Melbourne, May 12tl, 1850. 7 22 alt ju 14 SDB 8CR IPT10 to the ' AGE' is now as under,— For delivery in Town and Suburbs, TwsST Shuunos. . ? Twsntt-Six Shillings and Sixpencs fit Country Subscribers, postage paid. Subscription?, in every in'tance, paid in Adyan'CB Subscribers may comnecce during the currency of. any quarter, and charged only for the time they may receive the paper. S2 j iioticcs. O T ICE. The attention of Importers and Consignees of; Goods is directed to the Customs Aot 1857, which- re- quires that all Entries shall be passed withiu forty eight hours after tho reports of the importing ship ; aud especially to the 52 sec. of said Act, which renders persons failing to comply with the regulations liabla to a penalty of £20. (Signed) THOS. DRYBURGH. Custom House, Melbourne, May 20, 1859. 28 Royal Victorian yeomanry cavalry. The Members will assemble at eleven o'clock a.m., on the 24ih instant (being her Majesty's birth day), in front of tho Exhibition Building, William street , [ in review order, and march from thence at half-p eleven, to join the general muster at Princes Bridge ground. By order, O. S. BURTON, Captain and Adjutant. Orderly Room, 42 Eliraboth street. ? ? ? 42 238 may 21, 23, 24 Education versus His Excellency's Adviser*. Parliament xerius the Crown. ^Working Men versus Sub-contractors. ? Justice versus Creed and Country. i g\A ;P U B L I C M EETI 18 ' 1\. Of tho BCOLONISTS OF VICTORIA, £ WILL be held at tho {Princess's Theatre, Spring \- street, on Monday, tho 23rd May instant, at half-past three o'clock, for tho purpose of adopting resolutions .condemnatory of Ministers, who havo not only interfered with the decisions of a conscien tious jury 'and an upright judge, but who havo failed to carry out tho intentions of, Parliament in reference' to Railway Contracts, Education, Registration, and the Colling together of the new Parliament. The Chair will be taken at half part Three. Members of the Legislative Couucil, aud of the defunct Legislative Assembly, and Frifnds of Law, Order, and Justico, are requested to attend. God save tho Queen. . . 50 246 ILcctuws airti Strmojis. EASTERN MARKET. — Dr Milton. — Seven o'clock to- morrow evening. Subjcct: 'The Worth of the Soul.' REV. WM. FKASER will Preach in English' in i Mackenzie uteet United Presbyterian Church to-morrow lorenoou nt eleven o'clock. 11 218 rrSEMPERANCE HALL.— Christians assemble JL ' every Sunday at Eleven. Evening Discourses commencing at half-past Six. 14 218 dfunccal iSoticta. 'PHE Friends of Mr Richard Fechan, are respect I fully invited to follow the remains of his father, Mr Maurico Feehcn, to the place of interment, the Now General Cemetery. Tho funeral to rnovo from the City Arms Hotel, corner of Elizabeth and Latrobe streets, on this day, Saturday, 21st inst., at half-past two o'clock p.m. JOUN DALEY, Undertaker, Latrobo and Spring streets, Melbourne. ' 8 227 , ? ? ? -?? ? ? 1.JMMIII ''?in'— ' &tnit2icncnt;£, ? ? ? rp H E A ,T R E R O { T A L 'Sole Propriotor : MR G. V. BROOKE. Maneger and D rector : MR R. YOU .\GE. .* . s ? !l''irst Ni(:h of . ADVICE GRATIS. On Saturday Evening, May 21, 1859, ' ! ' Will bo presented the celebrated Drama, DON C-ESAR DE BAZAN ; — : Or, A MATCH FUR A KING. After which, ' The Wishing Gate,' Sp»rle, will be suug uy , Mrs Hancock. ] To conclude with ADVICE GRATIS. Doors open at seven o'clock;- the curtain to rise at half-past 6evcn precisely. rpHE ATRE ROYAL. \- Mli. FRED. YOUNGE'S . . F A R E W;E L L BENEFIT, At' this Establishment, ; Tuesday Next, May 24th, ?' The Queen's Birthday, The undernamed gentleman have, with tho most marked kindness, consented to act on this occasion as a Managing Committeo:— Butlor C. Aspinall, Esq., M.L.A., &c.; ; Joseph Wilkie, Esq., M.L.A. ; George Holmes, Esq. ; William Randlc, Esq. ; — Richard son, Esq. ; John Higgins, Esq. 218 T*Vr. R. YOUNGE'S FAREAVELL BENEFIT, lyl AT THE THEATRE ROYAL, Thursday, 26tk May, 1S59. 216 ARGYLE ROOMS.— Queen's Birthday, May 24th, Grand Fancy Dre9s Ball. Kohler'smag uiticcnt Band. Tickets, 5s each. ' 216 ARGYLE ROOMS.— Last Night but five of tha Season, as extensive alterations ore required previous to oponing for tha Dramatic Season: 2l8 -|-j- i p P O D R O M E — Grand Opening Night, , 8 A T U 11 D A Y, MAY 21. . Under tho Management of J. A. Rows. First Appearance in Public of , Madam' IIEREQUES. 'Fiist Appearance in Melbourne of ? 1 ' ' ' ? J. O. PIERCE. idmiision: Private Box,' £2, £1. Dress Circle, i«. ^ Boxes, 2s 6d. JPH 1«. v «..? Doors Open at Seven o'clock, commence at a quarter ? , i to Eight o'Ciook. Particular* 'see small bills of the TNAUGU11AL ISOIREE AND CONCERT. ? Netv Tkades' Ham, Victoria and Lygon streets, _ Tuesday next,. May 24th, 18oD. Tea on tho tablo at Half-past Six o'clock. For particulars see programme. 12 218 \^r o T I O E TO MEMBERS. Mxlbouukb Private Assembly Balls. the NEXT BALL will tako place at hocking HOTEL, Elizabeth street, Oh Friday, 27th May, inst. Applications for tickets to be made to tho stewards, between the hours of 3 and 5 p.m. on tho 25ui and 26th at tho Ball-room, it being most lnoonvenSent to issue tickets the dsy of tho ball. 38 22'., my 14 21 CO M E A N D 8 K-.S TUB ? ' CRYS AL PALACE. *; LONDON TAVERN, : 66 Eliiabbth Jbtbbhx.' 67 