" N : ;.: ' VESSELS IN PORT. . I Acls, schooner, 91 tons, Thompson-; Armin, Banish, 034 ton Bormnor. " Burnett, hr)?, 145 tons, Sesplehorn ; Bonnlo Soon, barque, 2 tons. Foreman. Cono irde, Fronen barque, 400 tons, Congnrilel; Cheropo ship, 730 tons,' Allen : Caldera, ship, 730 tons, Olyma ; City i Melbourne, barqae, 170 tons, M'Lean; Catherine, barque, 21 tons. Sherbert. Dart,brig,-107 tons. Jenkins; Dunrobin Castle,sh'p, 540 ton Sim; Dart, schooner, 83 tons; Dawstone, barque, 490 ton Nolan. \- Ell Whitney, Amerloan ship, 700 tons. Franois, solioonor, 102 tone,Wilson ; Fernand, Freuoli ship, St 'tons, Blanohet. ' ? Goldon Spring, brig, 189 tons, Rozoa,; Goldseokor, schooris 140 tons, Boodoll ; OoTOrnor, brig, 190 tons, Thompson ;, Grace barque, 440 ¿ons. Farlane. ' Helen Douglass, ship, «Ol tons. Welsh ; Huhn, brig, 198 ton' M'Loan ; Himalaya, Danish ship, 00J Lons, Bendioea. . Indio. Amerioan «hip, 13) tons. Kate Hoopor. American ship, 957 tons, Johnson. Kellormont, schooner,' 101 tons.. ' Kestrel, brig, 103 tons. Smith. J Aon, barqua, IBO lons. Barrack. Melbonruo, barque, 32(1 tops, Dickie ; Morin, Frannh ship, 4!. lons, Jassrird ; Maid of Judah, Bhip, 007 tons, Mitchell ; Malu barque, 5:10 lons, M'Qncon. ? Nimroud, sill», 9-9 ions, Tillman ; Northam, P. and O. Co.'8.S 1ÚJO tori«, stead. . ~ . ,1 Orion, Amorlunn shin, 120;. tons, Sibley.' ........ Pbmnlcian, barque, 478 tons, Milobell. . -Qiioen of England, ship, 1105 tons, Nolan. . ?' Roberttaa, brig, 210 tons, Du vi s ;. Itobacca, schooner, 115 tam Soutori Roska, Swo llen barque, 293 tons. Jacobson, -i .Ses Bird, ship, 45) tons. Punch ; Sapphira, ship, .740.ton Douglass; Spoo, brig, 04 tons, Milos ; Sulsollo, P. and O. Co.' aloam ship, 18 0 tons, n'otbvon. Thisbe, Fronoh Corvotlo. Do Contre. . ..... . : ."Venture;brig, 12» tons, Brown. . .. THE SALSETTR.-Tho i'oninsuii-r and Orlontnl Steam Nnrlgi lion Company's steamship Salsotte sailed from Suez 271 li May, « '0.20 p.m.; auchorod at Aden J uno 2nd, at (1. Kl o.m. ; Bulled Jun \- 2nd, at 0.15 p.m ; arrived at Mauritius June 15th, at 10.30 a.m. nulled June J nth, at 2.21) p.m. ; a-rlvod at King. Ooorgo's Sonn Juno 3«th, nt 10 a.m.; sailed July 1st, ntii.4.1 am.; arrived nt Kan 'garoo Island July Aili, at 0.50 a.m. ; Bailed July 0th, at 2.20 a.m. arrived at Port Phillip Heads on nth July, at 9.2I> p.m. ,- anehorci in Hobsou'sBay ut lu a m. of .7th ; ooolod and. left at .2 45 p.m. passed oulsldo of Heads at UM ri.m.; found Uio' wini 'rising to' a gale at 8.W., with, unsettled'' weather mid 1boina unacquainted with tho const,' aud' - without exac Information of tho oompitssos. hauled well to .the. southward till daylight. At noon of- 8;h passed betweei Cart! i and Sugur.Iioaf Island ; passod Capo Hnwo light at 2.30 a m. of UH Instant; arrived inside tile Heads of Pert Jackson at 11.30 p:in. and anohorod off Farm Cove at IO minutos past midnight.. Tin Salsetlu cleared the Golf or Aden and' rounded Capo Gnardafu on tho 4th Juno, at noon, thonoo to Mauritius, ami for throo day after leaving that island bad a snccassion of hnrd head winds which blew in galas of 7 to 8 and at times 9 forao. for two days ii tho S.W. monsoon, ami for throo days, by tho Mauritius. ,Afte: dooring tho S.E. trades, she .had favourable hut stormy weatlici Slowed the ship at 10 p.m. on tho the 20tb,°sixty miles east o King George's Sound, and hove to nt I a m , thowonthor cloud; and stormy. Detained 8 hours overtime coaling at KlngGoorgo' Sound. ; . . . ' , ' The Salsetta baa h id a stormy passage, tho S.W. monsoon nni tho S.E. trades, blowing between S.S.W. and S.S.E., anti thu latte 'extending^far south with 20J latitude. c ... STHANOÍSO OP THE SOLON OH MORETON ISLAND.-At.the oom moncemeiit oDast wuok, the barque Solon'loft boranohorago al tho bar ; and proooeded across the boy in .ehn'rga of Pilot Watson ' Captain Blioito Intending to go on to Sydnoy. ' On TueBday even lng The pilot anehorad her off tho Pilot Station clono in shore and when'-qiio'tloood by tlio captain as to the security, uf thc position-tho Bhip hoing so eloso to tho sho'rb, willi 30 fathom of chain outside tho bowser pipe-Watson replied that lt was al safo, and said, as ho wont on shore; that he would como off a early morning and tako tho vessol out to sea When.morning broke, tho pilot dino orr. and Captain Rhode again expressed lil' apprehensions, the »hip not appearing to him td be safo,'as lin wind was ) In an awkward quortor for hor to wear away frorr the land with so little sea- room. Tho pilot asseverated that then was .no causo for tho slightest apprehension, and orders wart accordingly given to weigh tho anober. As tbe anchor rose tho vessel gradually driftod towards the shore, and sail was set tc enable her to make bead ngaliiBt the current. The oanvas linc not long boen sol, however, before everything was'aken aback «nd the voasol filially went ashore Just opposite the pilot bouses She lay high and dry on tho beuoh, hoing qnite dosartod by thc woven at low wutar, and thore she remained uutll Thursday mora lng, when by tba strenuous oxertions of Captain Rhoda, his oOl. eora and crow, aided by a high spring lido, she was happily re. leased from her porlloiu position,and broutflit to a sere unahorngc undar tho island. We a. e sorry tu say that Captain Rhode had tba ralsfortuno to brook one of the small bonos of IIIB arm whiU ongagod In getting bis ship off-a job willoh was of itself sufflci enuy harrasslng, without any suoh disastrous accompaniment. JV. JJ. Frte Pru; July 0. ?. Loss OP THE SAIIINK.-Tho Cyolono whloh arrived on tho 21B Juno, roported the loss of tho bai que of Sabino, of .' plo Polut, or the wost coast nf Boruno. Sha was from Manila, bound to this pori withs ctt'go of sugar, and the property of R. Towns and Co. Wu or tho oaplaln of tho Cyclone first sow her she was lying on bei bnum ends, the crow having boen taken on hoard the Bhip JosopL Peabody, of Boston.whloh vessol was in company with tho Cyolonc the cloy previous, and being some distanoe a head of he'r'was the first vessel to rouder assistance Captain Hossack of the Cyclone finding that ho could bo of no service to the ship 01 craw stood on his course. The Sabino was insured in the Dcrwentand Tamar Insurance Offloo for -t'MJO, ami tho oargo in the Sydney Marino for ¿'20JO, Now South Wulos, .£2000, Dérivent and Turnar £i000, making altpiwllioi; ei.uoo. xmpiam Arnold ot the s»'''"»-»"' «nuomnonied by his wife, but .no female was observed In tho boat with tho captain and. orew when going on board tho Josoph Peabody. CUSTOMS' 8EIZUBF.B,-A seizure of opium was modo on tho 17ih Juna, on board the American ship Kate Hoopor, from China, tho duty upon whicli amounted to about £Mt)., Tho opium was discovered tby ono of tho tide surveyors when rummaging the vassel boforo dooring for Melbourne. This opium was not in the ship's manifest, mitt although tho Captain stated timi tho omission wos on oversight, ho hod failod. to report tho olroum stanco to tho'CiiBlom.house-boneo tho snlznro. Since tho Act ot Parliament, imposing a duty on opium has been passod, a vary trilling revouuo has boen derived. - A little reflection will maka it quite clear that smuggling to a grnnt oxtont must havo boen carried on in this ono urtialo, as it is pretty well known that tba Chinóse population oonsumo a largo quantity-Auolhorsoizuro was made on board tho Dutch ship Hollandia, nf 9 cases of geneva, whlch woro found in tho lazarinis. Tho Captain states' that <hoy waro ship's stores omitted tn bo reportad lu the manifest, 30,000 oigars were nlso iilsanvorod in tho search, hut whloh have boon reported since. Sinoo lhe investigation into tho Customs' department by tho Executive Government, and tho appointment of .another gentleman to tho important nulco of Collootor of Customs, the rules and regulations Jmvo bonn revisad, and a moro strict seuroh maclo on all vossels arriving from foreign ports. It is ovident .that greater oaro is taken in tho transaction of all business conacotad with tho Customs department than formerly. \- Tho steamar Thlstlo, ono of tho first of tho Australasian Steam Navigation Company's fleet of steamers whloh arrived in the year 1841, for tho Hunter River Steam Navigation Company, took hor departuro for Melhourno on tho 23rd of Inst mom li, huvlng boon Burobased by a firm in Melhourno for the Pott Altiort trade. Hiring tho time silo was employed in tho Humor River trado this vessol mado upwur ls of thlrteon humbert trips between Morpeth and Sydnoy. Captaiu William Mulhall, now «munumi. Inp; tho Collaroy lu this trade, was mas tor of her from tim year 1B42 to 1850, and during that time 110 aooitlent of any importanco ooourred.- Sha will bo a gl oat acquisition lo tho triulo, for willoh she isintouded, and is tua third vessel omployod borneen Port Albert nm! Melbourne , , Tho Fronoh Government hove piirehasod a smart lltllo sohooneri callad the Lady Grey, from Messrs. J, M alcorn and Cu., for the purpoBO of making asurvoy of tho const of Now Caledonia ond tho Islands In tho vlolnity. Sbn is well adapioil for this pur poso, hoing af n light draught of wator, and ouiisldurod a good Bea boat. She lins rcoolvod lim iioaessnry-ronnirs for this ser- vice, and has boonnumed tho " Loyalty," Tho Spoo, from Now Caledonia, reported tho arrival there of a Now Grenadian brig, callod tho Drodly, from San l-rnnoisoo. bound to Mulliourno, having put into 1'ort da France tn distress willi six feetofwmar in the hold;- She ha. boon ton mouths ont from Humboldt Dny, and four months hos had both pumps con. stonily ot work, with sails under hor bottom to prevent leokago She was surveyed, aud ordorod to disoharga cargo, and honvo out. The Quean of England moil o an nvorogo passngo, having had lino weather rmi light winds. Thu immigrants havo boen well uon ducted during thu vuyngo, and no siokuoss has ocnurred, owing no doubt to tho size mia well vonlilniud «tato nf tho venaol. Th a immigrants spook In tho blghont toi nu nf tho Surgoon.Supeiin tandont Mr. A. Newbold, and havo presumed him willi a testi- monial for his kindnoss nnd ntinntlon during tho passage. Six births and B X dcailm bavoooourrad since h aving Liverpool. H.M 8.8. Oardolla paid a visit lo Norfolk Island with his ?Ex- cellency th- Oovornor.Gonoral whoso intention was tn visit tim Pitcairn Mandora ot that pluau. A fur remaining five days, during whloh Slr William Donison was ongagnd in making laws for tho ClovornmuiH of tho Islaudors, sha , oturnad and urrlvad an tho Otb Instant, The A.S.N. Co.'s stonmshlp Telegraph modo n success- ful trial trip to Molbourno aud back sinoo tho great alterations made to her at tim Company's "works. Shu stonmod from tho Swan Bplt LlghthniBn, Molbourno, to tho Blaok 1 uoy off Williamstown, a illstuuco of 2 . miles, in Ibo short spnoo of two hours ; and in the rim from Mel. baurno to Sydney Honda mudu tho piiaaogo in ono hour lon« thou bas over boan accomplished boforo hy any atoara vessol. Uho loft the Molbourno Wharf ut 2 o'olnuk, und arrived at tho south runt of Sydnoy Heads, lu forty-five hours. Uar averago spoed was WJ knots por hour. Tho l aWBlano loft tho Downs an tho 21st of Fobruary, and ha« beim 134 days on tho' pussago. I' xiierlonood henvv wosiorly gales in tho Kngllsh channel : light winds in the ».E. trados ; aaatarly winds off Capo l.riiwlu ; mid slghtad Cnpn Otway light ntl a.m. lust äatnrduy, tba 2ml instant, 'tho following vossels bnve been Bpokoii diirlug lha passogo;-April ll, Byilonhani, from .Molbourno to London, 51 days out, In lal. 5 30 8.. lon. 9U.3U W.i April 21, Unka or Wellington, from l.acolly to Melhourno, 40 days out. In lat. 81.21 8., lou. 311.37 W. ¡ May 2, Speedy, from Sydnoy tu Loudon,43 day« out. In lat, 37.14 H., Ion. 32,o3 w. Tho Viscount Canning sailed with a fair oargo for London, on tba 92nd Juno. Thu John Bunyan soiled on Saturday lost, «nd hoing In beautiful trim ls oxpootod to moko n good run. 