ABSTRACT OF BAIES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. S; J¡a Messrs. EDWARD ROW and Co.-At tlioiryards, Boúxkc street-Storo pigs. V> t**"* XJ' AUGi Mic£"I"! _At -Beaver's Mart; Collina streot -Hobart Town jams, Scotch and Danish oats, extract of sarsaparilla, &c.; air. N. KiNBMAi,.-At stores of Parkin and Elliott BrunBWick-strcot-Oats. Mr.W. J-XOTUKRUXOTON.-At Hawley's yards, Bourhe ¿street-Horses, Working-bullocks, and vohicles .Messrs. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS.-At 88 Collins-strcot '-cast-Mr. J. AV. Boll's stock of furniture, bras3 ". and iron bedsteads, floorcloth, carpots, uphol , < story goods, cedar, pine, &o.; . Messrs. SYMor.B and Prnrtv.-At their rooms, Collins .street-Fencing wiro, Byass's pint alo and porter \- lunns, corks, Java sugar, ojlmon's stores, malt* . i , corrugated iron, E. I. rum, &o.; At 0 Collins street west-Mr. Nichols's stock of Btationory \- hooks, &c.; , ' . llr. STDJIBH.-At his rooms, Queon-Btreot-Furnituto engravings, paintings, rind oloctro-ploted waio- * "Messrs. W. EASBY and Co.-At their rooms, Collins " i street-Carbonate of soda, adamantine candles teas, Capo fruits, cargo of Manilla sugars ox 3 Jemmy, coffee, tobacco, York hams, bacon, Patna rico, Cheshire cheose, raiBins, candied pool, nuts ihcrrings, &o.; ' air. JAMES EVAI>S,-At ground, Gordinor's Creek road -Building land. Messrs. FRASER and Comar.-Atthoir rooms, Collins \- -street-Boots and shoes, American boots, &c.; 'air. JOIIH BELLIN,-On tho promisos, Oxford-street. , Collingwood-Housohold furnituro and effects. 3Ir. JAMBS WADE,-At his rooms, Collins street ' Slops, roady-mado clothing, Bummer coatB, hats fancy docshins, io. Jlesars. J. Lvoj,s and Co.-At thoir rooms, Bourkc strcot-Stock of Ironmongery, cutlery, cream of tartar, fancy merchandise, S.o. Mr. J. Loi,a.-At the premises, Colo-street, AVil "liomstown-Groceries, earthonwaro, Ac. j Messrs. DouaittOTY and Co.-At thoir yarda-Pure imported sow, horses. - » Bale« by Auction. J __ THIS DAY. _ ~~ Te Butcbors and Others. T71DWARD ROW and Co. Avili SELL by AUC JTi TION, at thoir yards, Bourko street, ou Friday, i coomber 0, '80 storo pigs. , ,. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15. Salo of Imported Sheep and Bulls, Horses, Dalry Cattle, Hay, Household Furnituro, Carriagos, 4c" At Mount Ridley, Kinlochowo, 'I Tho Residence of F. R. Godfrey, Esq. EDWARD KOW and Co. aro instructed by the proprietor, F. R. Godfrey, Esq. (in conso -nuenco of his being about to leave for England by tho Copenhagen) to SELL by AUCTION, at his residonco, Mount Ridloy, Klnlochowo, 17 milos from Molbourno, en the Sydney-road, on Thursday, Dccomber 15, at cloven o'clock, - 40 imported prize sheep, comprising Merino, ' Cheviot, Dartmoor, Cotswold, and South ,- * down breeds ? n 2 imported short-horn bulls tie , And Somo Victorian-bred bulls ?- Entiro cart horso, a sure foal-getter " r SO hornet (draught, saddle, and harness) , |_ ' And 1 Several colts and Allies ' Tigs and poultry _20 hives of boes ,, [About 160 tens of now hay, juBt Btackod undor' i splendid iron roofed shed ' About 20 tons of last year's hay \- A herd of good dairy cattle, many in milk -r I Harness, doublo, singlo, and tandem. f Also, * The household furniture ' * Carriage i , Dogcart . American buggy, &o.; Catalogues willbo ready in a few days, and may be had at the ofllco of tho auctioneers. - ? ---i THIS DAY. 1 To Confectioners and Othors. 15 Cases Hobart Town Jams. _ G. M'OOMBB will SELL by AUCTION, _ at F. E. Boavor's Mart, Collins-street, on y, December 0, at eleven o'olock, 8 cases rospborry jam, 591 lb. 1 do black currant, 40 do , 2 do peach, 00 do 1 do damson, 05 do ' 3 do apricot, 101 do. ' A direct shipment. In splendid condition. No Reserve. t Âk THIS DAY. 11 200 Bags Scotch Oats. 200 Do Danish Do. 100 Do Pollard. G. M'OOMBB will SELL by AUCTION, at F. E. Beaver's Mart, Collins-street, on lay, December 0, at eleven o'clock, _ 200 bogs Scotch oats 200 do Danish do 100 do pollard. In fino order and condition. < TcrmB at Sale. THIS DAY. '. "" To Chemists, Druggists, and Others. 44 Jars Hard Extract of Sarsaparilla. A G. M'OOMBB will SELL by AUCTION, _fjLm" »t 3F- E. Beaver's Mart, Colllns- stroot, noxt «heCriterion Hotel, on Friday, Dccomber 0, at cloven o'clock,, - > l "i 38 jars hard extract sarsaparilla, each 3 lb. 6 do do, 8 lb. All guaranteed genuino. Direct from Hodge and Co.'s, London. ?> " To bo Bold without reservo. ' , Terms-cash. * SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17. At St. Kilda. Unreserved Salo of tho Splondld^Yaoht * , ?>' Southern Cross." 37}-at two o'clock p m, The well known and fast sailing yacht SOUTHERN CROSS, ' "with dingy, ¿to, now lying at anchor between Kenny's' Baths and the St. Kilda Pier. , This -yacht, which is in splondid Bailing trim, was i built in 1868, of the best Kauri pine ; her ton- nage ia about 12 tons, length 30 ft. 'B in, breadth, 8 ft. 0 in,, depth, 8 ft. 3 in. She bas a "complete sot of sails, spars, anchor, and «bain, ; leaving mooring fluke anchor, oars, boathook, «paro ropes, blocks, i.e., _ _ Also, _ A now dingy, with oars, ¿co. complete. ' i > Tho attention of gontlomen residing on the coast, -watermen, and others, is requested to notice that the yacht will bo sold to tho highest bidder. ' Terms-Cash._j ~ THIS DAY. J "~ . Oats. Oats. Oats. KINSMAN has received instructions from , Mr. Parkin, who is leaving Collingwood, to _by AUCTION, at tho stores of Messrs. Parkin and Elliott, Brunswick-Btreot, near Victoria-parade, cn Friday, December 0, at eleven o'clock, 200 sacks of primo oats ~ Do maize. In lots te suit purchasers. ' Office furniture, tables, choirs, desk, washstand, Avery's platform scales, and 50 gallons Chinos oil. Also, . -. At his private residence, St. David-street, on Wcd i nesday, December 14, The household furnituro. Sale at eleven o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioAoor. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. " Important Solo, 05 Building Allotments,1 Boddle-stroet, Continuation of Wolllngtontstreot Ryrie and Gold streots, East Collingwood. At Four o'clock in tho Afternoon. ' KINSMAN is favoured with instructions J a to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on aturday, Decembor 10, at four o'clock, Without reserve, AU those 05 valuablo building allotments, Olyrio, Hoddle, Gold, and Wellington stroots, 12 allot- ments being choice corners, 30 allotments having 33 feet frontage each to Great Ryrio-street 62 feet wide, with a right-of-way in tho rear of 20 feet wide, each allotment having a frontago of 83 feet by 00 feet doep to a street 20 feet wide. ' This being an opportunity that rarely occurs to tho «peculator and man of small means to obtain a choleo freehold, the auctioneer has much pleasure in inviting tho publia to attend. Terms remarkably easy, viz. :-One-third cash, and monthly payments for tho balanco ; or, three, six, nine, and 12 months, Titlo good. Sale on ttie givuua, o»tujuu,y one, »mun, »«u *«. lhor particulars at tho otlico of tho auctionosr, 8| Moor- al roetTCeUhigwood._ MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. Stone House, Johnston-street. , Stono Cottage, Stafford-street. *VT KINSMAN has received instructions to l\ # BELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, on Monday, Decembor 12, at twolvo o'clock, ' A three-roomed stone houBe, adjoining the Abbots- ford Hotel, having a frontage of 33 feet to John- ston-street, by 08 feet deop.j Also, ; A stono cottage, of threo rooms, Stafford-street, 20 foot frontago by 1)0 feet deop to a right-of-way. And i ¿seres of land in the township of Albion, 0. miles from Melbourne. Sale by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and \alucr, 3 Moor xtrcet, Collingwood. _, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13. Desirablo Stono-Built Property. TVT" KINSMAN lins rcceh od instructions from 1^1 # Mr. John Kelly to SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, on Tuesday, December l8, Two stono houses, each containing four rooms, situated in Gcorgo-Btrcet, closo to Gorcrudc itreet. The tend has a frontage of 44 feet O inchei to Gcorgo-strcot, by 42 feetdeop, and most eligibly situated, being opposite the bank, and adjoining Messrs. Scott and AVilson's. Salo at tweivo o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctlonoer. *" THIS DAY. Melbourne Salo yards, 29 Bourko-strcct west. To Farmers, Carriers, Dealers, and Others. WJ. LOTHERINGTON t\ ill SELL by AUC- TION, at Hawley and Co.'s yards, Bouiko tircet west, on Fridaj, Decembor 0, at oloven o'olock, 1 team working-bullocks 6 draught horses 8 Ught-hanicss horses 32 backs. , Also, "Waggons, carle, and drays. , B AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. ' lEAUCHAMP BROTHERS' SALE of Mr. J. jj W. BELL'S STOCK of first-class English, Ame- rican, and colonial FURNITURE, chlmnoy glassos blass and iron bedsteads, cedar, Huon pino, fibro.flax* cabinet makers' fittings, will be resumed THIS DAYI »ttheir new rooms, D8 and áO Collins- stroet cjst. at devon o'clock. Catalogues to bo obtained on application. THIS DAY. THREE DAYS' SALE, WEDNESDAY, DECEM- BER 7, and TWO FOLLOWING DAYS. To Families Furnishing, Merchants, Country Store- keepers, the Furnlturo Trado of Melbourno and Suburbs, Upholsteiers, Cabinetmakers, Carpot Warehousemen, and Others. Tho Entire Stock of English, Colonial, and American made Furnlturo, Brass and Iron Bedsteads, Floor- cloths, Carpets, Upholstory Goods, Cedar and Huon Pino, Cabinetmakeis'Fittings, &c.; TDEATTCHAMP BROTHERS havo leceived Jj instructions from Mr. 0. W. Boll, «ho is relin- quishing tho furnlturo trade, to BELL by AUCTION at his lato promises, 88 and 40 Colllns-streot cast, on Wednesday, Decombcr 7, and two following days, to commence each day at oloven o'clock, Tho whole of his substantial and well-'soloctod atocle of furnlturo, i.e., comprlslnt Drawingroom suites in walnut and rosowood Hondsomo chiffonnioros, inorblo slabs and piato glass backs, in aialnut and rosowood Do gilt pier glassos, in various sizes Davenports, canterburys, avhatnots, occasional tables, In walnut and rosowood Round and oval loo tables, do do Volvot-pilo and other carpets, hearthrugs, and hassocks Diningroom furnituro, chairs, mahogany, an cedar, in hair seating and morocco Sofas, couches, and easy chairs, do do Extension tables, with patent screws, in maho- gany and cedar Sideboards and chiffonnières Loo and squnro tables, In largo variety Offlco tables, a largo stook, doublo and single, in cedar Bedsteads, bedding, and bedroom furniture Magnificent brass and tubular bedsteads Patent iron bodsteads, doublo and singlo, Win field's and Peyton's make Children's iron cots and bedsteads Iron stretchers Horsehair, fibro, flock, and flax mattresses and palliasses Wardrobes, in mahogany, cedar, and Huon pine Chests of drawers, do do Marble slab, mahogany, and cedar washstands, double and singlo Do do, toilet-tables, do do Toilet services, towel-rails, conunodos Cane scat and other chairs American chairs, tables, and washstands, ¡n cosos Upholptery materials, gimp, a^ob, hair seatmg, buttons, &c;, The stock of cedar, Huon pino, and cabinet- makers' fittings, And A variety of articles too numerous to mention Catalogues in course of preparation. v Tho whole of the stock will be on view two »ya prior to tho salo. It is needless to say that tho furniture is of tho est description, a largo proportion boms; manufac- tured on the premises by tho best workmen, and from a largo stock of seasoned timber. The auctioneers' instructions are to sell. Torma-Cash. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15. To Furniture Dealers, Ironmongers, Storekeepers in tho Country and tho Diggings, Hotelkcopors, Parties Furnishing, and Others 75 Cases Winflold's Patont Iron, Brass, and Tubo' Bedsteads. T)EAUCHAMP BROTHERS havo received Jj instructions from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their now rooms flato J. W. Bell's, 88 and 40 Collins street cast), on Thursday, Dccom ber 16, at eleven o'clock, 76 cases Winflold's patent iron, brass, and tuba bedsteads, consisting of- i Stump bedsteads, 2ft Oin, 3ft, dit, and 4ft Oin Half tester do, 3ft and 4ft oin, with and without foot rails Do do, brass ornamented, 4ft Oin Tent do, 8ft Oin, 4ft, and 4ft Oin, with and with- out foot rails French do, Sa, 4ft, and 4ft Gin Do do, 4ft and 4ft Gin, brass ornamented Four-post do, with curtain rods, 3ft and 4ft Oin Tent tube bedsteads, 4ft and 4ft Oin Handsome brass do, 4ft Oin Bo do half-tester bedsteads, 4ft Oin 160 iron stretchers, avith iron bottoms., Tho abovo lot of bedsteads aro in flrst-rato order, and Winflold's make, the double bedsteads nil having; long Btrotcher-bars up tho centre. Terms at Sale. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. ~ To Parties Furnishing, and thoso in avant of really First-class Furnituro, furniture Dcalors, and Others. Dalgcty-Btrcot, St. Kilda, opposito Edons-terraeo. TJEATJCHAMP BROTHERS havo received JJ instructions from Mr. Salter to SELL by AUC- TION, at his lato resldenoo, Dalgoty-streot, St. Kilda, cn Saturday, Decombcr 10, at one o'clock, Tho whole of his first class household furnlturo and eiJocta, comprising Drawingroom, Magnificent rosewood pianoforto, by Erard Handsome rosewood drawingroom suite, in silk taboret i Tapestry carpot and hearth-rug, blackwood table and covor Fonder and fire-irons, rosewood canterbury, and music-stool Lot of loose muslo and music books, papier-mache tables. Diningroom, Handsomo cedar-carved sideboard, cedar book- case 0 hair-seated chairs, easy chair and rocker, tole scope-table and cover Fender and flro-irens, engravings, raco game, electro-plated ware, handsomo china dinnor service, glassware White-and gold breakfast service, curtain-poles, and curtains. Bedrooms, Half-tester iron tubo bedstead and curtains, hair mattress, palllasso, bolster, and pillows; hand- somo mahogany four post bedsteads And cur- tains, largo cedar chest of drawers, cedar wardrobe Handsomo double marble slab washstand and toilot services, marblo slab looking-glass, marble slab toilet-table, shower- bath Cedar washstand and sorvico, toilot-tablo, towel , I orso, &c.; Als % Child's perambulator, with cover, In good order Every requisite in kitchen utonsilB, A quantity of poultry, And A varioty of miscellaneous articles, f Tlio wholo to bo sold w ithout reserve. On view tho day prior and morning of salo; land catalogues at the rooms of the auctioneers, 38 and 40 Coliins-Btroet (lato J. W. Boll's.) Torms-Cash. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. To Agricultural Implomept Makers, Farmers, Wheel- wrights, and Others. Horse-power Flour and Crushing- Mills, American 0<c Bows, Doublo PloughB, Fan Mill, Chaffouttors, &c.; J TJEAtTCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL, by JJ AUCTION, at thoir now rooms, 38 ancl 40 Collins-streot east (lato J. W. Bell's), on Saturday, December 10, at devon o'clock, 20 dozen American soythes 1 case scytho rifles 0 chaffcutters, oxtra knives and drums for do 8 horse-power flour and crushing mills 2 cases American ox bows 1 fan mill 2 doublo ploughs. Without resorvo. Terms-Cash._ ON AN EARLY DAY. To the Furnituro Trado of Melbourno, Geelong, Bal- larat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and Beechworth, and Shippers to Adolaldo, Tasmania, and Now South Wales. C20rCases American Cane and Wood Seat Chairs ; Leaf, Toilot, and Extension Tables ; Washstands, Bureaus, Bedsteads, &c.; ' Now In course of Landing from tho Astron and Nlobe, from Boston. TJEATTCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by" JJ AUCTION, at their new rooms, 88 and 40 OoUins-strect cast (lato J. W. Bell's), on an early date, duo notice of which will bo given, 620 cases superior Amorican wood and cane scat chairs, leaf tables, toilet and oxtonsioir do,-( washstands, bureaus, bedsteads, bedioora suites, &c.; Full description in futuro advertisements. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. , Baie on the Ground, corner of Victoria, Btawoll, anil - Dryburgh-strcets, North Melbourne. ,> , At Two o'clock, » Without Resorvo. xiy urucrur i^ruwii urantco, EDWARD DE CARLE is instructed to SELL, to the highest bidder, on the ground, on Satur- day, December 10, at two o'clock, 4 allotments of land, having a frontago to Victoria, Stawell, and Dryburgh streets, North Melbourno. 2 allotments, fronting Hawico and boland Btreots. No reserve. Title, Crown grant, , Terms liberal. A good opportunity for tho working-classos to get _ TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13. Freehold Property. Stock of Grocery, Crockery, Brushware, &c.; To be Sold without any Reserve On the Premises, Main Sydney-road, Brunswick. EDWARD DE CARLE is instructed by Mr. Eckersall to SELL, on the premises, Sydney Road, Brunswick, on Tuesday, Decembor 13, at twelve o'clock, Without the slightest reserve, All that piece of land having a frontage to Sydney- road of 39 feet, by a depth of 140 feet, and 39 feet to Princess-street, by a depth of 150 foot. On this property are erected two substantial brick buildings, as follows-butcher's shop, bedroom, and kitchen; grocers' shop, parlour, two bed- rooms, kitchen, store, and stables, water-tank to hold 8,000 gallons, English kitchen-range, &c.; Large cellar under the whole property. 2.The stock-in-trade, consisting of grocery, earthen- ware, brushware, shop fittings, spring-cart, horse, harness, large coffee- mill, &c.; 3. All that piece of land having a frontage to Barkly- street of 54 feet by a depth of 120. On this pro- perty are erected three two-roomed houses. The auctioneer would direct the special attention of all classes to the Sydney-road property, as being one of the best sites for business out of Melbourne. The instructions are to sell, without reserve, give liberal terms, and guarantee titles. POSTPONED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. Preliminary Notice. The Terminus Hotel, ^ ^ St. Kilda. Tho Whole of tho Household Furnituro. Do ¡stabling. Bar Fittings. Gas and Water Fittings, &c.; To Publicans, Parties Furnishing, Brokers, and Others. § YMONS and PEERY have received instruc- tions from Messrs. D. S. Campbell and Co. to ,L by AUCTION, at the Terminus Hotel. St. Kilda, on an early day, duo notice of which will bo giveu, Tho ttholo of the housohold furniture necessary for an hotel of tho first- class, consisting of Dlningroom furnituro . Drawiîgroom do Largo numbor of bedrooms complotcly furnlshod Crockery and glosBuaro Bar fittings > i Gas and water fittings. Also, Tho wholo of the stabling. Full particulars of whick will appear in futuro ad i ertisements, Torms at Sale. THIS DAY. ["On tho Promises. By Order of tho Trustees. Ono of the very best Business Promises in Molbourno. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, on Friday, Dccomber 0, The fixtures and loase (having four years and a half to run) of thoso excellent business promise?, No OCollins-BtreotVicst, lately occupied by Mr. G. Nichols, as booksullor and Rtnttouer. Tho fixtures aro of a very superior description and tho rout low. At prosont one half is sub-lot. It Is unnecessary for tho auctioneers to point out thovaluabllity of this sito of premises for almost any ?Minlnnco - THIS DAY. 156 Bundles Fonclng-AViro. _., Ex llhca SjlvTa. QYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC O TION, at their roomf, Collms-btrooi, on Trlday, Decembor 0, at twelve o'clock, 160 bundles black fonelng-wiro, NOB, 7, TcrmB at Solo. THIS DAY. Unreserved Salo of Stationery. ' By Order of tho Trustees. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC TION, on the premises, No. 0 Collins stroo West, on Friday, December», at twelvo o'clock, Tho whole of the stock of stationery, comprising Ledgors, journals, day-books, memorandum books, pockot do, letter paper, foolscap, note, envelopes, ponB, pen-holders, quills ; black, blue, and red ink ; inkBtands, pencils, play- ing-cards, drawing-paper, wafers, seallugtvox, slates, slate penolls, ate. Catalogues may be had at tho rooms of tho auc- tioneers. No reserve. _TemiB-Cash. THIS DAY. < 100 Casks Byoss's Pint Ale and Porter. For the Benefit of AVhom it May Concorn. QYMONS and PERRY liavo received instruc kj tlonB to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Colllns-streot, on Friday, Decembor 9, at twolvo o'clock, 100 casks Byoss's pint alo and porter, each 8 dozen, Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 5 Cases Hams. 8 Do Corks. QYMONS and PERRY AS ill SELL by AUC Kj TION, at thoir rooms, CoUins-stroct, on Friday, December 0, at twelve o'clock, G cases Sinclair's hams. 8 do corks. _Terms at Salo._" THIS DAY. 00 Bags Java Sugar. ExfWiedeumn. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. YMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC _' TION, at thoir rooms, Colllns-stroU, ou Trlday, coomber 0, at twelvo o'clock, SO bags Java sugar. Ex AVIcdoman. For tho benefit of whom It may concorn. Tormsat Sale. THIS DAY. Oilmon's Stores. QYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC kj TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, December 0, at twelvo o'clock, 15 cases cherries, each 2 dozen 4 do mushrooms 10 do muBtard 20 do salad oil. , _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. Malt. Malt. For tho Benefit of AVhom it May Concorn. QYMONS and PERRY have received ínstruo O tlons to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir roomsj Collins-street, on Friday, Decembor 0, at twelvo o'clock, . 48 bags damaged malt, each 4 bushels 20 do sound do, do. For tho benefit of whom if may concern. _Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. ' 1 Hhd. East India Rum. YMONS and PERRY_will SELL by AUC-, P Deo S. TION, at thoir rooms, ColluiB-strcot, on Friday, December 9, at twelve o'dock, 1 1 hhd. East India rum, Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 4 Tons Corrugated Iron. , j SYMONS and PERRY are instructed to SELL1 by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins street, on Friday, Decembor 9, at twolvo o'clook, i tons corrugated hon, 0,7, and 8 fcotlongths, 21 and 28 gauges. Terms at Salo. 1 SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. To BookBollors, Hawkers, and Othors. Unreserved Sale, by Order of Trustees. QYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC Ö TION, at thoir rooms, Colllns-streot, on Satur- day, Decorobcr 10, at olvevon o'clock sharp, The wholo of tho stock of books of Mr. Goorgo Ni- chols, comprising , Bibles, testamonts, prayors, church services, clas- sical and scientific works, atlases, dictionaries, histories, Shakspcaro (illustrated), books oi roferonco, and a largo assortment of novels, poetry and light roading, by tho most populai authors. Sets of London Journal, Family Herald, Illus- trated News, Wclcomo Guest, Art Journal, roviews, mngazlnos, and a varioly of cn gravings, Ac N.B.-Positive sale, by order of trustees. Catalogues may bo had at the rooms ot tho auc tloncors. Terms-Cash, and No Reserve, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. i 640 Acres Agricultural Land, All Fcncod In, at Bushy Crock, Parish of Warrandyte. To Farmers, Dairymen, Speculators, and Others. QYMONS and PERRY have received instruc Q «ons to SELL by AUCTION, nt their rooms Collins-street, on Monday, December 12, at twelv o'clock, t 640 acres of good agricultural land, all fenced ii with substantial fencing, good cultivation pad dock, and all buildings erected thorcon. Tho property is Bituato at Bushy Creek, bolnj Section 10, in the parish of Warrandyte, in the countj of Evelyn. A lino grazing section, Believed to bo auriferous, and, as tho creek runs rlgh through the property, thcro is a never-falling suppl; of water. ? Terms at Sale. MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. Preliminary Notice. Important and Unreserved Sale of freehold Proportj in Fllndors-lano. To Morchants, Capitalists, and Othors SYMONS and PERRY aro favoured witl instructions from tho Assignees, Edward Court noy. Esq., and James Henty, Esq., to SELL bj PUBLIC AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins streot, or Monday, DccomDena, "t twoive o CIOCK, Tho stores and offices lately in tho occupation o Messrs. J. B. AVoro and Co., Fllnders-lano. Full particulars of which will appoar in to-morrow'i 1 »per. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20. To Mining Companies, Quartz-crushing Companies and Others. i A First-class 00-Horso Power High-Pressure! Engine Capable of Working up to 100-Horso Power. Cylinder 25J in. Diameter. Length of Stroke, 5 feet. Situated at Happy Valley, Bendigo. QYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC O TION, at thoir rooms, Collins-street, onTuoa day, Docombor 20, at twolvo o'clock, A first-class 00-horto high-pressuro engine capable of working up to or over 100 hors power, Cornish boilor, 80 foet by 0 foot, 3 fee tubo, cylinder 25} in. diameter, length o stroke 5 feet. Togothcr with SO head of stamps, 3 stamp boxes, with all slnft ing, geoiing, pumps, and fittings complete, ii por inventory. Also, 100 feet 7-lnch iron piping. < Tho abovo engino Is «oïl known as being the bes mid largost of any at present on any of tho gold-fields and Is well worthy an inspection. It has been abou 12 months in actual work, and bos tliorcforo beo thoroughly tested. , " Uhe engino can, with tho greatest safoty, bo workei up to, oi over, ' 100 Horse Powor, j AF certified to by the hading ongineois in tho colonj Hie framowork and stamps are ncirly now, not luvt ing been in use moro ibonthreo months, Terms, Ubcral, declared at sale, 'alio abo\o engine, shafting, pumps, Ac, will b sold OB It now stands, at Happy Valley, Bendigo ; an Turtles desirous of purchasing can inspeot tho same b, ? nnUngappllcatlon to Mr. Samuel Stephenson, Happ. Valley, Bendigo. " i Inventory will bo ready in a few dajs,,and ca i to Inspected at the roomi of tho auctioneers, Collin- . ttrcvt, J TUESDAY, DECEMBER l8. To Wine and Spirit Morchants, Publicans, Dealers and Other«. Unreserved Salo of Wines, Spirits, Bottlod Beer, &c.; C< YMONB and PERRY have received insfcrue k3 tims to SELL by AUCTION, at the stores of Messrs Mollcnbacck, Uhlhorn, and Co., Bourkc-stroot on Tuesday, Decomber 13, at twelvo o'clock, Tho wholo of their stock-in-trado, consistiner of 280 bags oats b 140 casks Morice, Cox, and Co.'s porter 80 do Bj ass's ale 48 do Bass's do l8 quarter casks sherry, doublo grope 8 do port, doublo diamond - 8 hhds. sherry, singlo grupo 14 quarter-casks do, do 3 linds, port, trcblo diamond «J quarter-casks do, do - 6 hhds do, doublo diamond I 8 quartor casks do, W.B. ~ 2 hhds do, do 6 quarter-casks do 20 casos raspberryvinegar .' '". 26 do Johannisborg . ' * ' OdoThorloy'sfood 43 casts matches 7 do ohco60 v , ' 10 tubs Swiss cheese 2 casos ironmongery 2 iron Bafcs 1 caso clothing 1 do cloths. Also, Offlco furnlturo Scales and weights. And, . A quantity of spirits, &o;, in bond. _Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, DECEMBER l8. Boots and Shoos. To the Boot and Shoo Trade, Storekeepers, and Others. __ SYMONS and PERRY havo received instruc- tions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION at their rooms, Colllns-stroot, on Tuesday. Docombpr 13¡at cloven o'clock, Tho following assortment of boots rand shoes com. prising Women's cashmere boots Do kid do Maids'patont calf ankles, 10a, 18s Do black cashmero clastio boots Do coloured dodo Child's do do buttoned do Coloured napoleons, 2s 5d Coloured and black eloth boots, 8s 6d Cashmero do do, 10s, 18s Coloured balmorals, 0s Od Gentlomon's kid promenade boots Do nicmel calf do do Men's kip high baok bluehors Do stout kip army do Youths' stout high back do Do stout kip front lace boots Men's strong kip watortlghts Do grain napoleons Do bobbed wellingtons, &e.; Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Wookly Unreserved Salo of Housohold and Offlco Furnituro, Engravings, Paintings, And Electro-plated Waro. To Private Families Furnishing, Morchants roquiriii" really good Offlco Furniture, tho Trado, and Others'. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION, at tho mart, 81 Queon-streot, on y, December 0, A val led assortment of furnlturo, comprising Yoi 3 handsomo and convenient secretaire, colonial made, by Thavaites Office-desks, mahogany, with drawers Very handsome walnut drawingroom suite Walnut whatnot Diningroom chairs Engravings Electro-plated tea and coffoo services Do cruets and plckle-Iramcs Large size oil painting, Bt. Cecilia, &c.; Terms-Cash. MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. ~ To Builders, Contractors, and Noavly-arrivod Immigrants. Westgarth strcot, Wostgarth-placo, Collingavood, Near Nicholson-stroot. 8b; Unfinished Houses. Just the thing for a Builder to Finish, with n alow to futuio Salo, in Lets from 1 to 0, for the Working classes, or to add to his own Ront-roll. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION (as per instructions received), on tho ground, adjoining the property of Mr. Forgio, Wcst garth-strcet, and immediatelyopposlto to Mr. Bunny's bakery, on Monday, Deeombor 12, at twelvo o'clock , precisely, Tho wholo of tho above-mentioned property. Noto.-Tho front faco of theso cottages consists of solid masonry, b'ended with superiority of design and v> orkmanshlp, Tho insido avails aro of brick, and con tnin in cadi tlireo rooms ; and avery small outlay v. ould finish them. Tlio situation is near tho intersection of Nicholson and Wostgarth strcots, and a few j ardo off only from tho Sir Henry Barkly Inn ; and thero is a piece of land to the rear of each house sufficient for a gordon, with a rlght-of- avay loading to tho principa btrcets of the municipality. Area, 00 feet frontago, by 88 fcot depth. Titlo first rato, particulars of avhich may ho ob- tained at Messrs, Cunnington and Cresswell's, Swan ston-strcet. Terms liberal, And Thoy aro to bo Sold, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14. The Mcrcantllo and Draper's Warehouse and Storos of Messrs. J. F. PaWBOn and Co., of London, now in the occupation of Messrs. H. W. Torrar and Co, Morchants, Bburko-strcet west. ,To Merchant»! Agents, Commission Merchants, Warehousemen, Wholesalo Importers, Brokers, and Others. fR. STUBBS hns received instructions from Messrs. rawson and Co., of London, to SUB "to PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, on Wednesday, December 14, at tw oh o o'clock proolsoly, The loabo of their stores in Bourko-stroet, full par- ticulars of which will appear in a future nows papor. Terms-25 por cent, cash deposit, and tho residuo ! at threo and six months', with bank interest. THURSDAY, DECEMBER IS. ~~ To Brewcis, Glngorboor Manufacturers, Candle Manu- facturers, Soap Boilers, and Othors. A Capital Proporty for carryin g on any Branch of Domestic Industry, On Richmond Hill, Opposlto tho Wesleyan Chapol, Cliurch-stroot, And In tho >ory Contro of n Donso Population. I"R. STUBBS hns received inBtrtictions fiom J the proprietor, E. Palmor, Esq., of Boroondara, to'faKLL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the promlsos, Cliurch-streot, on Thursday, Docombor 16, at tw olvo o'clock precisely, All thoso extensive promises, known as the Anchor Brewery, situate in Church-street, Richmond, hnvingabout CO feet frontage thereto, by 250 feot in dopth, bounded south by tho property of W. B. Buroloj, Esq , and that of the family of tho late Mr. Hop avood, and from avhero tho proprietor retiicd with a respectable competency. On tho premises aro erected a primitivo little cot tago of four rooms, brewery, with two boilers ready for uso ; kitchen, fowl- houso, 6sc. The whole witli Immediate possession. Terms Liboral. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27. For Christmas Week. By Ordor of the Propnotor. The Last Sato of Tho Rowena Parado Allotments. Opposlto to Messrs. Pigott and Co 's,and Mr. Plnnlgor's Proporty, near tho Corner of Rotherwood-strcot, Richmond, and in tho iminediato vicinity of tho Railway Station. Of all othors these are tho very Lots for all. Builders, Mechanics, Operatives, and Industrious Classes. MR. STUBBS is instructed to hold a final SALE of the remalndor of the Rowena-parodo allotments, to como off during Christmas avook, on Tuesday, December 27, at twolve o'clock precisely, Lot 1. £0 feet frontago to Rowona-parado, by 00 foot in depth. Lots 2 and 3. 1 2 allotments, each 80 foet to Rowona-parado, by 00 feet In depth. Lots 4, 6, and 0. 2 allotments, each 30 feet frontago to Derby-Btroet, by 53 feet 0 inchcB in depth. Lots 7 and 8. 2 allotments, each 28 foot frontago to Alfred-street (80 feet wide), by 80 foot In dopth. LotO. 1 allotment, 27 feet frontago to Alfred-Btreot, by 80 . feet in depth to a right-of-way. Jtioto 10 and 11 2 allotments, each 25 foot to Alfred-street, by 89 feet in depth. Lot 12. 1 allotment, 33 feet 0 inches frontago to Alfred street, by 05 feet in depth, ', Titlo guaranteed. Terms, Liberal, at Salo. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28. ' St, Kilda Bale of nousohold Furnlturo, Horses, Carriages, S.u., at tke Rcsldoncoof G. 8. W. Horne, Esq., H.LA. (the family visiting England,) ^ MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from G. S. W. Horno, Esq., M.L.A., to SELL UBLIO AUCTION, on tho promises, Oaillslo str,eet, St. Kilda, on Wednesday, December 28, at twelve o'olock precisely, Tho wholo of that gentleman's vory oxcollent liouBOliold furnlturo and eflosts, catalogues of which will bo prepared for distribution in a few days. \- N<B The premises to let._ SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. ' At Four o'clock. "' To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. Desirable Investment. r" ' Freehold Cottages aud Land. m - KOBLD has received instructions fiom the JL. - proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, on tho wcmlses, BankBtreot west, opposlto the Catholic Chapel, Emerald Hill, on Saturday, December 10, at ,i0AJl thätVleco or parcol of land, situate as abovo, *-and upon which are erected two subBtantlally-bullt t four-roomed cottages, with detached kitchons and ¡"servant's-rooms, producing a rental of £185 per annum. Most desirably situated, commanding a fine viow of the Bay, and close to the Raliway Station; admirably calculated for private ro-l \- dences, with right-of-way and back entrance To those seeking a really comfortable rcsidenco the above ii well worthy their attention, " Title guaranteed, 1 Terms at Salo. m SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. Brighton. Housohold Furniture and Effects. In the Insolvent Estate of J. B Houghton, hy Ordor of R. E. Jacomb, Esq., Official Assignee. A LFRED BLISS has received positive in _£V structions from tho Official Assignee to SELL byPUBLIO AUCTION, on the promises, opposite the Devonshiro Hotel, Brighton, on Saturday, Docorn ber IO, at one o'clock, Tho wholo of tho superior housohold furnituro and effects in the above catato. Terms-cash. ,.". N.B.-Salo on tho premises, opposlto tho Dovonshiro Hotel, Brighton, on Saturday, Decembor 10, at ono o'clock. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13. North Molbourno, corner of Capel and Quoensborry Streots. To Blacksmith. Whoolwriglits, and Others? Solo AVithout Resers o or Tho Tools, Stock-in-Trado, and Effects, By Order of Mr. J. Witchol], who Is relinquishing Business, ; A LFRED BLISS has received instructions J\ from Mr.AVltoliell to SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION, on the promises, situate tt the cornor of Capel ¡ and Quconsborry streets, North Molbourne, on Tues- day. December 13, at twelvo o'clock prcclsoly, Tbo wholo of lils BlackBmitliB' and whcolwrights' tools Stock in-trade, and oflects. Torms-cash. N.B. Tho salo commences at twelve o'clock. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13. Brunswick. Unreserved Salo by Ordor of tho Mortgagoo. To Speculators, Small Capitalists, Bakors, and Other*. j Sale of Frcohold Land and Two Bluostono Cottages, situate in Barkly-streot, near tho Turnpike.. A LFRED BLISS has been favoured with in /V Btructions fiom Mr. Mackay to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho ground, situate ni Barkly-streot, Brunswick, on Tuosdoy, December 13, at one o'clock, An oxcollent freehold property, tho land having a frontago of 120 feet to Barkly road and Luscombe street, by a depth of 125 foot between the two, on which aro erected two woll-bulltbluoatonc dwcll inghousos, ono of which is now occupied by tho proprlolor, and up to w ithin tho last fow months has been used as a baker's shop. It has a first rate oven in tbo rear, lately erected in tho most substantial manner. This proporty offers a llrst-rato opportunity for an active and rcspectablo tradesman to carry on a pro- fitable business, It being a thickly populated neigh- bourhood, and a bakery being very much required. i A capitalist might at a very nominal outlay rnako como slight additions to this very valuablo block of 1 tfildings by forming them into four vory comfortable cottages, willoh would readily ho tenanted, and return a very handsomo Interest on tho outlay. | Title porfect, " Full particulars of which can bo obtained on appll | cation to Messrs. Hancock and DtnTott, solicitors, 35 Quecn-strcct - Terms-Ono fourth cash ; bolanco by bills at three, six, and nine months', bearing bank interest. N.B.-Salo takes place on tbo ground. Barkly streot, Brunswick, on Tuesday, Decembor 13, at ono o'clock. FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT. Mercantile Hotol, And Two Shops adjoining. King and Flinders streets, Melbourne. ALFRED BLISS has received instructions from tho proprietor, who is retiring from busi- ness, to SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, Tho lease (havingflvo years to run) and goodwill of that valuablo proporty known as tho Morcantilo Hotol, togothcr with tho Two Shops adjoining, situate corner of King: and FHuders streets. The stock and furniture to bo taken ata valuation. Tho proposed station for tho Sandridge Tramway Company will bo Immediately opposlto this pioporty, i which must necessarily Incrcaso tho already extensivo I business of this hotel. Immediate application to bo rando to Alfred .miss, I auctioneer and hotol broker, 10 Collins street wear. THIS DAY. 30 Casks Carbonato of Soda. At the Risk of Mr. E. Davis, tho Tormor Purchaser. To Grooors, Storekeepers, and Others. XJST EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, AfT . at thoir roon», 88 Colllns- Btroot west, on Fri- day, December 9, at oloven o'clock, 30 casks carbonato of soda, at the risk of Mr. E. Davis, of Fllndors-lane, tho fonnor purchaser. No Kcsorvo. ~ THIS DAY. ^~~ 400 Boxes Adamantino Candles. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Fiiday, December 0, at eleven o'clock, 400 boxes adamantino candles. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. £0 Boxes Gunpowder Tea. ' 50 Do Young Hyson Do. 50 Do Scented Orange Pekoe, To Grooors, AVlno Merchants, and Othors. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION I »t their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Friday, December 0, at olovon o'clock, 50 boxes gunpowder toa 50 do young hyson do 50 do scented orange do. Fine qualities, and to bo sold to close accounts. Terms at Salo. ~~ THIS DAY. 7~ Capo Fruit. Capo Fruit. 1,000 Bonos Capo Raisins. 20 Cases Fronob Plums. To Grocers, StoreUeopere, and Othors. ; TIT BASEY and Co. will SELL byAUCTION, T V . ftt th°'r rooms, 83 ColllHs-street west, on i Friday, Decembor 9, at eleven o'clock, 1,900 boxes Capo raisins 20 cases Tienen plums i 0 casks colonial jams. - Tho abovo huit aro of tbo now crop, and just i landed. _ TermB at Sale._ THIS DAY. 4,058 Bags Fino Mauritius Sugars, Tho Cargo ex Jommy. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekcopors, and Others. W BASEY and Co. havo received instruc s tiona from Mosers. It and P. Turnbull and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, ot thoir rooms, 83 Col i lins-stroot west, on Friday, Deoombor 9, at elovon o'clock, 1 The cargo ox Jomroy, from Mauritius, comprising RPT, No. 1-207 bags Grando Gardo 2-200 do Riviere Moiro 3-212 do Olomoncia i 4-440 do do 5-128 do do .<¡-400 do Bonno Mero 7-148 do Constantino 8-300 do Mont Piton * 9-230 do Bollo Vue '_ Jj 10-28 do do < 11-284 do do « 12-480 do do .) 18-180 do Constance 14-lfiO do Virginia 16-268 do Constance 10-312 do Mon Repos 17- 000 do Bonno Hero 18-100 do Barraque Total, 4,068 i The attention of the trade and purchasers generally I is solicited to tho sale of the abovo cargo, which coni I prises some oftho finest counters and crystals offered this season, partlculoily tho crystal«, which aro quito i equal to No. 1 Cosalporo. ' Terms Liberal._ ' THIS DAY. Tobacco. Tobacco, Half pounds and lO's, Best Brands. To Tobacconists, Storekoopors, and Others. 1 TÏT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, I YV a at thoir rooms, 83 Colllns-streot west, on | Friday, December 0, at oloven o'clock, 46 casos Victoria Regina tobacco, jib, 30 do Charles Kupier do, do 20 do Barrott's Crown do, do 25 do Phillips' do, do 30 do Moss Rose do, do 28 do Charter Fackson do, do 60 do Olivo Branch do, do 22 do Old DommiBon do, do 44 do Stanloy do. do 26 do Conwoy's do, do 40 do Biggara do, do 64 do Golden Pippin do, do. Also, lOOthrec-qiiartor boxes Gllpln's do, 10 6 60 do George Lay'a do, do 107 doNorthan's do, do 40 do Clifton's do, do 111 do do, do 107 do B. Diamond do, do 102 do Commercial do, do 61 do Clinton's do, do i 104 do 8 do, 8's. Tho auctioneers solicit the attention of the trado to tho nbovo Important sale of tobaccos, which comprise tho host brands now in tho markot. . Tern» Liberal._ THIS DAY. 2,281 Bags Fine Patna Bico. For Positivo Salo. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. XXT EASBY and Co. v, ill SELL by AUCTION, I W . st their rooms, 33 Collins- street west, on | rnday, Decembor 0, at eleven o'clock, 2.281 bags fino Patna rico Tho attention of tho trade is roquestod to the abovo inlo of rico, which Is tho finest samplo in the market, nnd for positivo sale, to close an account. Torms at Sale. THIS DAY. Cofleo. Coobo. Unsold Portion or Cargo Ex Marlon, From Colombo. 20 Casks Finest Plantation Cólico. 100 Bags Do. Do. To Merchants, Grocers, Coffee-Roasters, and OthcrJ. W EASBY and Co. havo received inatruc s tlons from tho itnportorsl to SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir rooms, Collias- stroot, on Friday/ December 0, at cloven o'clock, The unsold portion of cargo uc Mai Ion, from Colombo, comprising- < 20 tasks finest plantation cofleo 100 bags do do. I Tho auctioneers bog to direct the attention of tho tindo to tho Balo of tho rdKno choleo parcel of Loftee. And as no supplies can roach this markot for the noxt two months, tbo trado should not lot tho present op iortunity pass of renewing their stocks. . I lcrnjj Liberal THIS DAY. 10 Cases Primo Cheshire Cbeeso. To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Othors, WEABE Y and Co. will SELL by AUCTION X--I, .T.** '^»fr"roora, 83 Collins- street west, orí Friday, December 0, at cloven o'clock, 10 cases primo Chcshlro cheese, Of guaranteed quality. _ Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 0 Cases York Hams. S Do Do Bacon. To Grocors, Storokeopors, and Others. W BAtSPJ,and Co-will SELL by AUCTION, T?7nîL,ia« »eir rooms, 83 Collms-stroot wost, orí Friday, December 0, at elovon o'clock. 0 casos York hams 3 do bacon, _Toni» at Sale. TniS DAY. Raisins, Candied Peel, Nuts, Horrinirs &o; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others " TIT EASBY irnd Co. will SELL bvAUCTION r-*,T .T,atthoir rooms. 83 Collins streot west, on Fiiday, December 0, at cloven o'clock ' 250 quarter boxes Muscatel raising 200 hali-boxcs do do 100 quarter-boxes Sultana do 200 half-boxes do do ' 40 casos candied peel 40 barrols nuts « 40 do French avalnuts 34 flrkinB horrings 30 quarter-barrels da 30 barrels rod do. Terms at salo. No Resorvo. THIS DAY. " 6 Tons Chilian Flour. Moro or Less Damaged, To Storokoepors and Othors. TIT EASBY and Co, will SELL by AUCTION Jlif .^at tholr roolns> 88 Collins- stroot weat, oil Friday, Decoinber 0, at olovon o'clock, ' 6 tons Chilian flow. Moro or less damagod. _ Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Currants, Raisins, Almonds, Nuts, to. To Grocors, Storoltcopors, and Others. TÏ7" EASBY nnd Co. will SELL by AUCTION TV « at their rooms, 38 Collina-strcot west, on Friday, DocomborO, at olovon o'clock, Ex Norwood, 215 barrols Ano currants Barcolona nuts Tronch prunes, in bottlos Jordan almonds Sholl do Valencia raisins Sultana do Malaga do, _Terms at Salo. ' MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. ~ By Order of tho TruBtocs in tlio Estate of T. J. Laby. At tho Stores, Fllndors-tono. Tobacco, Hayes's Oats, Lobsters, Oysters, Rice, Choose, Brandy, Maizo, Bags, ¿to. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealors, and Othors. TXT EASBY and Co. have received ínstruc JM » tiona from the trustees in tho aboaoostato to SELL by AUCTION, nt tho stores, Flindors lane, on Monday, Dcccmbor 12, at elovon o'clock, Tho whole of the stock, comprising Tobacco, Hayos's black oats Lobsters, soda crystals Oakum, Patna rico 0} store, cheese, raisins Brandy, maize, sacks, ¿to. To bo sold without tho slightest resorvo. _Terms at Sale._ MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 20 Tons Stnflbrdshlro Best Sheet Iron, Olillllngton and Co.'s Make, 00 x 24 wide, Assorted Gauges. To Ironmongers, Buildors, Contractors, and Othors. WEASEY and Co. havo recoived instruc s tlons from Messrs. E. F. Slchol and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins stroot, on Monday, December 12, at devon o'clock, 20 tons Staffordshire best shoot iron, Ohilllngton and Co.'s moko, 00 x 24 wido, 8,10,12,14, 17, 24, 20, 28 gauges. i Tho auctioneers bog to direct tho attontlon of tho trado to the nboao salo of iron, avhieh is tho Bcarcost nrtlclo in tho market. _Terms Liboral. THIS DAY. ~ South Yarra. Off Gardiner's Crook-road. A Building Site for a Family Rosldonco, J Measuring 137 Foot, by 146 Feet, J MR. JAMES EVANS is instructed by the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, on Friday next, Dcccmbei 0, at two o'clock, All that pleco and parcel of land, bolng part of Portion No. 30, measuring frontago to Arthur street west 137 foot, by a dopth south of 145 foot. This Is ono of tho few largo areas left in thlshoalthy suburb, for tho selection of merchants and othors for a privato realdoneo- out of tho dust of tho main thoroughfares, yet within one minute of the proposed Gardiner's Creok-road Raliway Station, and flvo minutes of tbo Yarra boats In its immodiato vicinity aro tho rcsldonoos of several distinguished gentlomon, viz, Claud Parle, Esq., Leslie A.Moody,Esq,, - Tontón, Esq , - Corbott, Esq., - Turner, Esq., A.o, Tho nbovo will ho Bold, togothor with two cottages and two two-stall stables, on the ground, on Fnday next, Uth Inst., at two o'clock. Tor further particulars apply to auctioneer, Titlo Guaranteed. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. Salo of Elegant Housohold Furnituro and other EffectB, of a Gontloraan giving up Housokooplng. ' R. JAMES EVANS is instructed by the proprietor to SELL the abovo, on Saturday, iber 10, at two o'clock, Without reserve, Comprising Chlflbnnioro, chests of drawors, loo tables,.throe iron bedstoads, boddlng, washstands, toilet- ware, eight-day clock, glass, crockery, fondors and flro-irons, complote set of kitchen utensils, sot of dish-covers, &c.; Also, A splondid harloquin dosscrt-sorvlco. And, A royal patont equal tousion pianoforte, by Wornum. Salo at tavo o'clock, Saturday, Dcccmbor 10, in Victoria-street, opposite tho Scotch Church, South Yarra. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. South Yarra. Building Allotment in Murphy-street, Near to the Proposed Gardiner's Crock road Raliway Station. To Capitalists, Speculators, Merchants, Govornmont Employees, &c.; __ R. JAMES EVANS has plcasuro in an _ , nouncing for SALE by AUCTION, In Murphy BtreSt, South Yarra Proper, on Saturday, Decoinber 10, A fino building site, measuring 60 foot by 140 foot. This proporty is tho moro dooirnblo, boing ono of tho fow original allotments In Murphy's Paddock un- built upon-its position second to nono on the hill, and dally increasing in valuo-avlthin two minutes of Çropeied railway station, and flvo minutes of tho arra boats. Tho many elegant houses In the immediate vicinity, the proximity of Toorak, and tho avoalth and position of tho rcnidonts, stamp South Yarra as tho viceregal suburb. Salo on the ground at ono o'clock, Saturday, Docom berlO._ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Thursday, Dcccmbor 22. Extensivo Salo of Costly, Elegant, and Superlorly mado Housohold Furnituro and Effects, Mosslvo Silver and other Tinto. Splondldly-mado Carrlago. and Pair of tho Best Carriage Horses in the Colony. Two Beautiful Riding or Buggy Horses, Expenslvely-mado and fine toned Semi-Grand Piano, by Erard; also, , Grand Piano, by Erard. ¡ Choleo Services of Glass and China, Pictures, &c.; WALTON and Co. have received instruc _j, tlons from William Kaye, Esq. (who Is about visit I Europe, by tho December mail) to SELL by AUCTION, at his mansion, in Southey-strcot, St. Hilda, on Thursday, Dcccmbor 22, at olovon o'olock precisely« Tho wholo of his magnificent and superbly-made furnituro, manufactured by tho colobratod maker Thwaites. Tho drawingroom suite is of the most costly mate- rial, with the richest silk damask covorings, , curtains, &c.; Double gilt largest slue elaborately-carved chim- ney-gloss Ferfoct-toncd and highly-finished semi-grand piano by Erard. Also, i A grand piano, by Erard Ornaments, &c.; Tho diningroom furniture Is of the most solid and tastefully-made description. Tbo bedroom furnituro. hangings, ice., as also in every part of this woll furnished house, everything is of tbo vory best moko and material, and cannot be surpassed by any gentleman's establishment in tho colony. The plato is most elaborate, massive and costly, and tho china and glass services havo boon Bolcctedwitb thogroatOBt caro and roflned tasto. Tho largo assortment of linen and other articles, forming a portion of the requisites of tbo bouses aro ali of the best description. Tlio exceedingly woll-bullt and oxponslvoly-made carrlago, and well known beautiful pair of carriage horses, form one of tho most perfect equipages in the colony. To gentlemen and ladies about lo furnish, clubs, hotel proprietors, furniture dealors, and othorj, the abovo salo will oller an opportunity to purchaso a class of furnlturo, &e; , of so superior a description that it is but rarely mot with In tho colony, as well as ovory requisito for furnishing of tho very bo«t material and workmanship. ., , . Further particulars will bo given in futuro adver- tisement, and cvory Information will bo affordoi at tho Cfllce, 107 Collins-stroot west. WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 14. Prahran. Trli ian-Blrcet, off tho Coramorclal-road. Snlo of Fieohold Cottage Proporty. ALFRED JOY hns received instructions from tim Trustees of tho Boroondara Building So- . L.iiv to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the pre nilsis in Trlnlnn-slroot, Prahran, off tho Coimnoroial reid and near tho Mount Erica Hotel, on Wednosdoy, Eoee'mbcr 14, at twelvo o'clock, All that pleco (r parcel of land in tho parish of Prahran, fcavirg a frontago of 8) foot to Trinlan- - streot by a de]ln °r 80 feet, on which is creotoda four-roomed v oodon cottago, lato in tho occupa- tion of G. B. Wilkinson. Esq. Tbo cottage Isicmpactly built, and the land well fiuccd In, oud aa ill bo sold without reserve. Terms-Cash. j THIS DAï. "? .Ut%, Uli XllUMJ, 200 trunks of Hen's Women's Bojs" and youths' Girls' and children's boots nmi .T," Manufitctured by îffiî?Ä0C,S' Full particulars inStf Edwin *** - Terms-Under £100, cash -ni« ,i proved acceptances at threom'^?w that »um,,; " THIS DAY. ^lOSTrunl^rÄÄÄand'a TjIRASERand COHEN haT " ^ Jh tiona to SELL by AUCTION T.^ ^ Mon's, Women's, Boys' and youths' Girls' and children's boola ami «h**., Torms-Under «100, cwh' rtcîo?i . proved accepianccB at three ¿roth'. nt sT' »Í THIS BAY: 115 Cases American Boot« I^A^.tó "»AUB atelovon o'clock, ' n iTaJr> December!^ 80 cases Es. Congress boots rtnih ""j , 40 do boys' and jVthK SftS*«K>P 26 do men s law-top woftons °ta 20 do mcn'a and bovs- calf ¿XL». i?- ' 20 oases, full-nallcd^uñgarian S* ta,w* ! 0 do leather shoo lacings muu00l!» » All scaBonable goods and In prime order ' Torms at Sale. . , \- . t 77 MONDAY, DECEMBER is"-? ÏÇhwlea Nicholson. Baronot. "°PC"Ï o S» ERASER and COHEN aro favoured J palityoflWcolltagTood' * tho Mo1* Torms, dato of sale, md further particulars mttJ givon in futuro advertisements. win"t Intending purchasers aro requested toinsnwitvi; F .WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER». Salo of Valuablo Household rurnltiim n".i ",i! ' Effects, Plated Articles, Piano San" nflb,t Service China, Glass, dhetaSÄS JA gant Moll Phaeton by Lonny of Crewim'nLw 5g G'8 Harnea ^r/phaoÄft ¡RASER and COHEN have received instruí ^ tiona from Lioutenant-Colonol Ross (Ä a bout to rcmovo from his present resident ¿ wi t B is household furnituro, consisting of- I SUPAi.dl-ninfrro,ïm' «»wlngroom, bedroori" and kitchen articles ¡ very elegant dinon-ser. vico solid ; mahogany dining table, o LA mako, fprlSguosts; vory elegant boclS largo pier-glass flne-tonod cottagTKfc china tea and other sorviccs, Uno ongravS mail phaeton, by Lenny, of Croydon, tor o» or two horses, set of very superior platel doubloharnoas nearly now, gigharness, bridli ¿to, all woll worthy of atto Mon. T Catalogues may bo had at tho auctioneers', and tb urnituro, io., may be soon on tho 12th instant aid following day, between tho hours of 1 and 8 p.m. t UNAVOIDABLY POSTPONED, Î In consequence of tho Goods not being Landed, unto. furl her notlco, t Imporumt Salo of 143 Bales and Caaes of Soasonablo Clothing and Drapery, f i Ex Monarch. ¡ j JÎ1RASER and COHEN have received instrai. 1 tiona from tho importers to SELL by AUfli ON, at tho Mart, as soon as landed, duonotltc«! which will bo givon, ,¡ Ex Monarch, 10 cases men's millers' mole trousers 6 do boys' and youths' do do 7 do mon*« imitation Bedford cord do 2 do do white and brown drill do 10 do plain and fancy doo do 6 do steel grey do 4 do Bedford cord do 6 do black cloth alliance sao coats 6 do fanoy and plain doo do 8 do do shooting-vesta 4 do Crimean shirts 8 do white Bbirts, L. F. and C. 10 bales Scotch twill shirts, L.B. 3 do fancy regatta shirts 10 do blue pilot American pea jackets 4 do white drill sacs 2 do cotton handkerchiefs 2 do men's U. B. socks 1 do bat ribbons 1 do bandanna silk handkerchiefs 2 do braces 20 bales 8 4 groy shootings " 6 cases men's French folt lists f 6 do do navy caps, Fronoh peaks t 8 do do army caps, do do I 6 do boys' and youths' do 1 0 do men's underclothing. s Tho auctioneers beg te call tho attention of lb» trado te tbo abovo salo of first-class goods, barine only Just arrived and ordorod exprossly for this market._i THIS DAY. Í Household Furniture, Kitchen Utensils, 4c. ,1 X BELLIN has received instructions to SBLIÎ .I a by AUCTION, on tho premises, 72 Oxford. streot. Collingwood, botwecn Peel and Stanley street^ ?on Friday, Decembor 0, at two o'clock, j AVithout tho slightest reservo, I Four-post Iron bedstead, horso-halr mattress, .<*!% china, clock, loo table, blankets, shoe«, and counterpanes, dressing-table, washstaal and servieos, kitchen utensils, window cut; tains, A.c. f No reservo. f . Bellin, auctioneer and money broker, Fitzroy Auction Mart, CD Gortrudo-Btrect, Collingwood, [ SATURDAY, DEOEMBEll 10. [ To nouseboldors, Partios Furnishing, and Others.? Unrosorved Salo of Housohold Furniture, Ac. ? J BELLIN will SELL by AUCTION, without . roservo, at tho Fitzroy Auction Mart, C9 On trndo-strcct, Collingwood, on Saturday, December IA, at two o'clock, h A quantity of housohold furnituro, tbo property tf a gentleman leaving tho country, and remoled fK convenience of Balo, consisting of- F, Cedar dining and drossing tables, carpets, ctalrj, washstands, iron tent and French bedsteads, meat-safes, dripping-stone (filter), Ameno» stove, kitehon-rango, about 80 yards fencing« wiro, load- piping, gilt picture-frames, en- gravings, mattresses, ofllco and chlmnqf clocks, child's carrlago, wrltlng-dcsk, car» chair, about 100 volumes books. t Also, Í Oflleo-desk, pigeon-holes, Avory's weighing machino (Ocwt.), blocks and tacklo, pair« cart-wheels, wooden rakes, pit-saw, sodawater machino, spirit do, montolplece, and a lot o! sundries. MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. To Working-Mon, Draymen, and Others. Two Houses. f In Sackvlllo-street, noar Bmith-sttoot, East Colin* wood. I J BELLIN lias reeoived positive instructions . from Mr, Sutherland, who is going to England, to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, Sack; ilk* streot, noar Smlth-Btroot, East Collingwood, on Moil. day, Dccomber 12, at two o'olock, >, Two AVcathorboard IIousos, [ Each containing shop, two rooms, and sheds j The land has a frontage of 83 feet to Sackville« streot, by a depth of 60 foot, lUthariglit-of-iu)« tho sido. , I Thcso houses aro sultablo forwoiklng-men, orang ties looking out for small Investments ; and ai ti* proprlotor Is going to leave th 9 colony, this property must bo sold. i Titlogood. f Torms at salo. I J. Bollln, auctioneer and monoy broker, Filtro^ Auction Mart, 00 Gertrudo-stroot, Collingwood, t AUCTIONEERS'NOTICE. | To AVarobousomon, Drapors, Outfitters, and Othcm.S nnnE SALE ofready-mndo CLOTHING, Wool' I Ion. &o.;,at WADE and GOAVAN'S mart, 80 Col, llns-alroot cast, THIS DAY, will commence at clere« o'clock, with tho clothing. | To Hatters. ... f The hats will bo put up at half-past two o cloct. f No reservo. I The wholo must ho sold. | _See Advertisement Below.__J THIS DAY. Fancy Doeskins. To AVoollcn Drapers, Tailors, Outfitters, Dealers, Others. T WADE, of Wade and 0°}T"/Ji£?Jf j J . instructed to SELL hy POBLIoXuOTION, »I Sfelr mart, 80 Collins-Btreot oast, on Friday, DeccmJ ber 0, al olot cn o'clock, 1 case 6 pieces fancy doosklns. To bo Bold without rcsorvo. Terms at Salo._ " THIS DAY. Silk and Holland Coats. Silk Shirts, rimmel Coatí and Vests, Merino Hats. Panama Hats. To bo Sold AVithout Reserve. Now Goods, Just Landed, ox Confidence. To AVarchousomon, Drapors, Outfitters. To Hnttcrs, Country Storekeopors, Dealers, ann Othors. , I J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, bas boeninï . structoii by the importers to SELL by PUBLI« AUCTION, at their mart, 80Colllns-streot cut, «| Friday, December 0, commencing at oloi en o clocs, The folios?Ing now goods : Mintrianglo, . 2 cases men's fashlonablo German t^iri «J*» ; 1 do boys' and youthB' Uno liol and ^«"«S? 2 do men's fashionable drill and sllk-warp coats J 1 do do China spun silk shirts 2 do do duck trousers, unlinod ««.«««' 2 do gentlemen's Btipor. flannol Alllaneo sac cou 1 do do fancy flnnnol vests, silk trimmed 4 do do lashlonablo drab merino hats | 1 do do low crown patent hats I 2 do do patent tourist hats i 2 do mon's Panama hatB, trlmmod I 1 do 8-4 bwvn drill. h»tlcr»J¡ Tho attention of wnrohousomen, drapers. " s and othors, Is called to this ¡»lo. The wnoie * new landed, and wUl ho sold without resen o. Torino at ealo. . ,híh,¡.¿ N.tt-Fortho convenlencn of^lljotrtd» «B »Ld cups y, Ul be offered at half-piut two o w I 