Seine by Auotlon. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. In the Estate of F. R. Wallen and Son. By order of the Ofliclal Aisignoo, II. 8. Shaw, Esq. Magnificent Frceb-ild Property, lu Albert-strcot, Fltzroy-squaro. Also, Rich Agricultural Farm, Part of the colebiated Morolaud Estato, Situate near tho Moonee Ponds, about S miles from Melbourne. So Agriculturists, Markelgardenors, Speculators, atij Others. X17" M. TENNENT and Oo. havereceive! jy m instructions fromH. S. Shaw, Esq., Ofliclal Assignee in the estato of F. R. Wallen and Son, to SELL by AUCTION, ut their rooms, on an early day, .Jue notice of which «ill ho niven, A portion of the colobratod Moreland Estate, situ ttn about 5 miles from Molbourno, comprising 35 acres, moro or lesB, of rich fertile land. Also, A splendidly situated nllotmont in Albert-street, Fitztovsquarc, admirably adapted for tho erec- tion of flrst-olass residences. Full particulars, with day of sale, will appear ».bortly. Titles guaranteed. _ Terms, Llboral, at Sale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE, Sale of Magnificent Buburbau Allotment, consisting of i Acres 2 Roods 11 Porches, In the Choicest Part of St Kllds, Being Allotment 167 B, Parish of Prahran. By Order of the Mortgagoo. 30 Gentlemen in quest of Sites for Prívalo Residences, Speculators, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by « AUCTION, at tboir rooms, on an early day, due notlco of which will bo given, By order of the mortgagee, | All that most duslrablo and beautifully-situated portion of land at St. Kilda, boing allotment 167 B, parish of Prahran, and containing by ad- measurement 4 acres 2 roods 11 porches, as per Government plan. This magnificent property has a frontage to two Coven ment ronds, is situate in about the bent pe- tition ¡ninia favorito locality, and ad joins the rési- dence of Archibald Michlo, Esq., and others, i The auctioneers beg to call tho attention of gentle- men in sorell of sites for residence to this sale, na .his is the only allotment, offering in this most ra »pectablo and fast-rising neighborhood. i The 1 Mo is a Crown grant. Terms, liberal, at Bale. Plans of the property may be soon at tho rooms of the auctioneers. THIS DAY. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Dealers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. hove received . instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins- street, on Thurs cay, Jonutry 20, at 12 o'clock, Ex Maurice and Reunion. 102 cases clarot 66 do very superior do. Ex Robert. 164 cases superior claret. Ex Warron Goddard. 210 caECs clarot. Ex Estelle ot Reine. 200 cases claret 80 do cauturno. Terms at Salo. *" THIS DAY. : Unreserved Sale of Claret, &e.; To Wine and Spirit Merchants and Others. WM. TENNENT and Oo. have received a instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their .«rjTijms, Collins-street, on Thursday, January 20,' at 12 o'clock, £00 coses clarot 21 do do 100 do eauterne 94 do hock, For unreserved sale. ' Terms at Bale, i TRIS DAY. Unreserved Sale of Clarets. To Wino Merchnnts.g9torokeepofB, and Othorj. "\\*r M. TENNENT'and Co. have recolvpd YY . Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, atthoir zooms, ColllUB-strcot, on lhursday, January 20, at 12 o'clock, 166 case i, red label, St. Julien claret 132 do, white and gold, do do 42 do, Klopper, do do 10 do, Johnstone, do 97 cases bock. Unreserved salo. _Terms at Silo. THI8 DAY. Oflley's, Tailor's, Port Wine. Cousons's, Duff Gordon's, Sherries. To Wino Merchants, Storekeopors, nnd Others. Tßfr M. TENNENT and Oo. have received f Y . instructions from tho importers to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Oollins-alreot, on Ihtir«. .lay, January 20, at 12 o'clock, Port. 4 hhds. Oflley's treble grape 5 qrs. do do 4 hhds do four-grape . 0 qrs. do do I 6 hhds. Tay lor's troble diamond 5 qrs. do do. Sherry. 9 bhds. Cousons's troble diamond 12 qrs do do 4 hhds Duff Gordon and Co.'s 3 qrs., 4 hhds., 10 qrs, and 5 octaves, brown do do. Terms at Balo. THIS DAY. Preliminary Notice. I Unreserved Sale of Claret, Sauterno, &o.; . To Close Accounts. WM. TENNENT and Co. have received a instructions to SELL bv AUCTION, at their Tooms, Collins-Btreet, on Thursday, January 20,¡at 12 e'e'ock, A quantity of claret, sauterno, &c.; ¡ For uurosorvod sale. I To eloio accounts. . Particulars in a future udvortlaoment. Terms it Sale. ' ' " THIS DAY. ' Schnapper Point. I Sale of Marine Rosidenco and »botit 24 Acres of Land at Schnapper Point, i JJ'iiutifully Situated, Commanding an extonsil o Vie w of tho Bay, Queenscliffe, dec. ¿To Capitalists, Gentlemen Looking out for Sitos for Marino Residences, Speculators, and Others. *Ilf M. TENNENT and Co. have received TY « instructions from John Armstrong, Tiaq., lo SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, on Thursday, January i 0, at 12 o'clock, /li that dcsirablo properly at Schnapper Point, being Government allotments 27 and 28, parish of Moorooduc, containing about 24 acres, boautlfully situated, overlooking tho Bay, and adjoining tho Government reserve, next the Pier. It bas beorí BubdMded into allotments of convonleut aizî for marino residences and bmlncsB premises ; and from its situation being decidedly tho best in or about this faiorite locality, make< this an opportunity that is raroly to bo mot with. Thisraacrniflcont property is slluatod within four mlnulCB' walk of the Plor, is bounded on two cUei b/ Acheminent roads ; and strcetB connecting tile Go- vernment roads havo been laid out, otconsiderabio .width, with right-of-way at the roar. A st osmer runs there regularly twico every nook - thus s Hording rapid and regular communication! with Melbourne. I Schnapper Point, possessing so many natural ad- vantage» aB a watcrlng-plsco, will no doubt oventuallv iii como the most favorite resort for ploasuro- eoeiors ; and being tho most healthy locality abouti Mel- bourne, makes it most desirable for maring résider ces. * Jhe house has been built by the proprietor fjir his <? v ii résidence, with overy idea to comfort. i Title-Crown grant to the vendor. j Terms, liberal, at sale. J Lithographic plans, and any further particular», can he obtained of tho auctioneers._;_ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. ~] 22 Casca Iron Bedsteads and "Cots, .! From the celebrated houso of Peyton anti Poyjton. 2o Ironmongers, Upholstcrors, Parties Furnishing, and Others. ( WM. TENNENT and Co. aro instructed , by tbo importor to 8KLL by AUCTION, M ihtir rooms, Collins-stroot, on Friday, Januiry ii, at 12 o'clock, ! S cases children's solid iron cots, 4 ft, x12 ft., japanned cano I 8 do do, 4 ft. 8 in. x 2 ft. B in., japanned: bl ie, 1 enamelled green, blue aud primrose, cnnrnollo j green and white 8 do patent colldlron stump-bedsteads, 5 ft.'x 2 ft. and 6 ft, 0 in. x 8 ft., blue and greon S do solid iron etump bedsteads, 0 ft. x 8 ft., cane, blue nnd green 2 do. 0 ft. 0 ia- x 4 ft. 6 in. solid iron Frcnoh bod steads, black, bluo, and green 2 do, O ft, O in; x 4 ft. 0 Injsolid iron tester bod steads, black, blue, and green, gold and flower« brass vases do, O ft. G in. X 4 ft. 0 in,, half-tester bedstoa Is, black, blue and groan, gold and Howers, brass i vate» 4 do., 6 ft x 8 ft., solid iron French bedsteads, black, blue, and greon, ornamented In front. Terms at Sale. J : $h¡ j V FRIDAY,JANUARY ». To Parties Furnishing, Dealers, and Other*. WM.. TENNENT and Oo.-will SELL by . AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, January 21, at 12 o'clock, ' ' Sundry articles of bousohold-furniture, consisting of Chests drawers TYardrobeB Ára.cu¿ír> and others ' Sofas, loo-tablîs Carpets Ofllcc-doiks i Engravings Pier and other glasses, &c;, FRIDAY, "JANUARY 21. Ur;reserved Salo of 10 Crates Earthenware, Assortod. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by . AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-stroot, on Friday, January 21, at 12 o'clock, 10 crates earthenware, consisting of, Bluo bosphorus, coral, printed brown bosphonn, and green bosphorus, dinner services com- plete, breakfast and tea scrvlcos Chambor sorvicos Willow platCB, bakers' flit dishes, vogetnblo dishes, &e.; Bowls and sauces, jugs, covered do, mug*, boola, &c.; The above will bo sold to the highest bidder. Terms-CaBh. MOND'AY, JANUARY 24. Entiro Cargo of the Leopard, from Mauritius. Bright Yollows, Fluo White Crystals, Small Grain, "FlrBt class Counter Sugars, &o.; To tho Merchants and Grocors of Molbourno, Coolong, Ballaarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, &c.; X17" M: TENNENT and Co. have received VY a instructions from tho importers, Messrs. Dennistoun Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-st-eot, on Monday, Januaiy 24, nt 12 o'clock, Tho cargo of tho Lccpard, from Mauritius, consist- ing of- i Beau Bivngo, 417 bogs . Bello Etoile, 1283 do Mon ItcpOB, 160 do Do, 526 do Bollo Vue, 147 do Poudre d'Or, 760 do Etoilo,-100 do. Arrangements are made to complete tho discharge of this vessel at the Ballway Jetty prior to tho day of ' sale, eo that the whole of the cargo will bo sorted and ready for delivery, from the railway premises in Fllndori-strcet, immediately upon the fall of tho ham- mer. Samples from hulk may bo seen at our rooms, and the trade oro invited to Inspect them. This small cargo will bo found to bo remarkably well assortod, Including eomo beautiful grocery sugars. Terms, liberal, at sale. Observe Monday, January 24, _At 12 o'clock precisely._ TUESDAY, JANUARY 26. Fine Agricultural Land, Parish of Dorrimut, situated on tho Main Ballaarat-road. To Agriculturists, Speculators, and Others. X17" M. TENNENT and Co. have recolved JT s instructions from ThomaB Whyte, Esq., to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, January 26, at 12 o'clcck, The following first-class agricultural land : Loti, Containing 11 acres 3 roods and 84 perches, situate at the junction of tho Ballaarat and a Government road. Lot 2. f-ltuato almost immediately opposite Lot 1, cm tains 0 acres 1 rood l8 porches. Lot 8. Has a frontage to a Government road, 1 chain wide, and contains 8 acres, 1 rood, nnd 30 perches. Lot 4. Situate at the intersection of the main Ballaarat and Buninyong road, of 8 chains wide. Isa most eligible site for an hotel. The abovo property, part of portions 6 and fi section 26, fronts tho great 8-chain main Ballaarat-road, is situate about 15 miles from Melbourne, and 7 miles Oom tho important town of Melton. The land is of a rich agricultural soil, well grassod, and abundance of water may bo always obtained fro ii the Kororoit Creek. Title guaranteed. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. THI8 DAY. Freehold Property, Oamferidgc-3troet, Collingwood. QOHULTZ and ATOHISON have been kj favored with instinct!.mu from Mr. R.Scott to (SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, Cam- bridge-street, Collingwood, on Thursday, January 20, at 2 o'clock, SS feet frontage to Cambridge-street, Collingwood, by a depth of about 00 feot, on which Is orooted a three-roomed weatherb ard houso, willi shop, at present in tho occupation of Mr. Humphrey. 3hose on the look-out foro Bnug property, suitable for any purpose, would do well to attend the salo. Terms-One-half cash,r,remalndor In four months. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. A Largo Quantity of Furnituro, and other Miscelli neous Effects, &c.; To Private Families and Others. WALSTAB and WALTON will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Friday, January 21, at 2 o'clock (to suit the convenience of private parllrB), (At their usual weekly sale,) Loo tables, of superior mako Handsome chiffonnières Chest of drawers and looking-glass Bet of diningroom chairs Very handsome writing-table, secretary, 11 drawers, a very elegant piece of furnituro An elegant library writing table and seorctiry Sofas and couches Superior iron perambulators Cottage chairs Cottago piano. Togethor with Other houiohold articles. i Ladies and gentlemen requiring single articles of furnituro are invited to attend this sale. The articles on viow on the day before and on morning of Bale. i Terms-cash. N.B. The auctioneers will hold a sale of this de- scription every Friday ; and parties having articles to d'sposoof should send them Into the rooms early in the week to ensure thoir Insertion in tho catalogue. Parties, also, whose houses aro not commodlou-ly or conveniently eituatedto hold a sale of tbclr furniture upon the premises, will find this on economical and advantageous mode of disposing of i>, and tho auc- tioneers will send furniture-vans and careful men to rtmove it, and mako a cash advance when requited. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20. In the beautiful Village of Elsternwick, on tho Beach. WALSTAB and WALTON have the plea- sure to announce that they have received in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins-streot west, Tomple-court, ou Wednesday, January 20, at 12 o'clook, Ono of thoso-beautiful and much-sought-after plots o! gtound'ln Elsternwick (adjoining Brighton), which run¡down to tho beach, subdivided in loti, having from 80 to 100 feet frontages, to depths of nearly 300 feet. Tho property,ia situatod in the rame road as, and a / little beyond, the beautiful grounds of B. J. Alleyne, i Esq., adjoining Brighton, and there is nothing ilnr, the auctioneers can say that can for one moment como up to thoiroal boautloi of this favorite spot. It ia a well known faot that at tho Government eales of the allotments ia Els'crnwick there is ohvays a most spirited competition ; but it is not in tho power of the Government to offer such building sitos as t hi auctioneers haye now the pleasure to advertise for positivo sale, and upon very eavy torms of payment. Everyone who Is desirous of having a raoBt convu nient-Bized allotment for amarino cottago, close to the beach, in one of the prettiest places In tho colony, ii invited to inspect tho plan and the property itself, and not fail to attend on the day of sale, Wednesday, January 20, at 12 o'clock, At the auctioneers' rooms, '86 Collins-streot west. _ WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 26. Unreserved Sale of Fino Agricultural Land at Mordi- alloc, Worthing, Mulgrave, and or splendid Building Sites at the Rod Bluff and Norlhcoto. WALSTAB and WALTON have received Instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, Temple-court, on Wed- nesday, January 20, at 12 o'clock, The following properties, and thoy desire rcsp-ct fully to call special attontlon to thom, as they Mill bl found to bo all well worth cons'deration : 1. Mordialloc, Agricultural. This property consista of 82 acres, more or les*, being part of allotment 2 section 10, having it frontage of 10 chains to the Dandenong-roml, is heavily timbered, will pay well for clearing, and will be found to be a fine rich loamy soil. 2. Worthing, Mai korgarden Land, 1 his property consists of 8 acres, being psrt of po tiou 87, and lots 42, 43, 44 and 46, on a 11 m <if subdivision ; will bo Bold In two-acre lots, ami is worth the attention of any person desiring to have a marketgarden, for which the soil ii peou - llarly adapted, it being well known that some 0 f the finest vegetables aro grown in this locality. It is only IO miles from town, and tbo m-talled oad runs to within a few feet of the property. 8. Mulgrave. Agricultural. , This property consists of two blocks, one of 21 aces and another of 12 aero», being 7, 8, 0,10, 28, 20, 30,31, 82, 83, 81, and 85 of a subdivision of-pirc of portion 7B. This neighborhood is so woll »no* t for its excellent agricultural qualities, tbst it U deemed superfluous to say moro than that It is one of the prettiest and most Improving saburbi. The auctioneers call attention to the very liberal terms oi payment for this property, viz. :-one-fourth cash, and tho remainder in three equal Instalment!, at six, 12, and l8 months', with bank interest. 4. Rod Bluff, Smiles from Brighton. Building BltcB. This property consists of 80 acres, boing section S3, Hirers a most eligible opportunity of securing a fine building site, as it has not only an extensive view of the bay and the coast generally, but of the surrounding country as well. It will bo solp In one lot, thus giving gentlemen the chanco of securing » fine block to surround their rcsidencs. H is within a very short distance of the fine estate of C. H. Ebden, Ksq, M.L. A. i 6. Northcote. Building Site. .. Ibis property consists of S acres, being allotment Sf, ¡»nd part of section 101. It is situate a eriort distance beyond tbe toll-bar, in the irrnxedlate vicinity el the best résidences in this blghly-plcturcsqui and improving suburb, and will be sold in one lot. an ad- vantage not to bo lost sight of In these days of Umlliog lulldlng sites to a few feet of ground. Plans of all the above properties can be seen and (very Information obtained at tbe auctioneer»' rooms, E6f clllna-strcet west, opposite Temple-oourt, where the sale of the properties will be helo On-Wedneoday, Jim?» 20, at 12 o'clock, I I THIS DAY. . 1 <> China and Earthcnwaro Doalors, Storokoopers, and 1 Others. 50 Casks and Packages of Assorted Glass and Earthenware SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at tboir rooms, Collins-street, on ïhurs eay, January 20, at 15! o'clock. T | 50 packages containing- '' Cnrafles and tops ^ Butters and stands 3, 4, and 5 hole cruets Gas-arms, cut drops and lacquered mountings Do do, plated Dinner f orvicos ' Wbito and gold egg-cups Toilet sets Covered jugs, ¿te. Terms at Sale. " THIS DAY. -To Glass and China Dealers and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUO TION, at their rooms, Oolllns-itreet, on Thurs- day, January 20, at 12 o'clock, Cut decanters Do tumbi:» Co wines Do champagnes Do bocks Do CUBtordä, &c.; TermB at Sole. "" THIS DAY! ' Sodawater Bottles. So Sodawater Manufacturers, Doalors, and Othors. SYMONS and PERRY have received in- structions trom Messrs. Miles, Kington, and Co. io f?ELLrby AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins meet, on lhursday, January 20, at 12 o'clock, Ex William Jackson, 12 hhds. sodawater bottlos, about 78 gross. i Ex Shepherdess, 30 crates sodawater bottlos, each 2 3-12 grots £0 do, 2 do. Ex Tasmanian, 17 err-tea sodawater bottles, each 2 3-12 gross 8 hhds. do, containing GO do. To bo Bold in lots to suit purchasers. No reserve. _Terms at Salo._ THIS DAY. ~ 5 Casos Cut Glass. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Collins-Btroot, on Thurs- day, January 20, at 12 o'olock, 6 casca handsome cut glasswaro, comprising out and ongravod wines, champagnes, hock and claret glasses, decanters, salts, &c.; _TermB at Salo._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Io Boot and Shoe Makers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. For tho benefit of whom it may concern. Ex Northern Crown. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at the stores of Messrs. Milos, Klngton, si d Co., Fllndors-lane west, on Friday, January 21, al 12 o-clock, For tho benefit of whom It may concern, R E in diamond over M, 07-8 dozen youths' and beys' laco boots CO-8 do boys' do do, sprlggod 71-7 do womon's cordovan boots 73-10 do glrlB' cloth hoots 74-7 do womon's cordovanB 75-10 do girls' cloth boots. Ft over A (tho A in diamond), ovor M, 168, SOO, 398, 402, 403, 401, 406, 407, 408, 579, 680, 682, 589, 684, 686, 683-16 trunks chil- dren's black casbmero boots, olastlc sidos-2 to 5 and 6 to 0 809-1 do children's colored do do 670-1 do ladles' black cashmero boots 657 681-2 do children's cordovans 678-1 do ladies' kid elastic. Terms at sale. For the benefit of whom it may concom. All more or'lcsB damaged. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Boot and Shoo Makers, Storekoopots, Dialers, and Others. E0 Trunks Seasonable Boots and Shoes, by F. B, Elloy and O. and J. Clarke 1 Caso French Goods. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho atoros of Messrs. Miles, Klngton, and Co , Flindcrs-lano west, on Friday, January 21, at 12 o'clook, 80 trunks and cases of seasonable boots and shoes, Childi en'», colorod and black cashmero boots, elastic sides Do merool hutton boots Do kid, spring sides Do cloth anti cordovan hoots Do colored and plain balmoral* Youths' lacc-upB, bluchers and watertight« Boys', do do Women's cordovan boots Do cashmero do, elastic Do colored.coutlllo and delaine boots Do do booties Men's brown slipper«. 1 rase Frcpch goodB, Men's calf welllrgtons Do patent'do Do calf lace shoos Do patent do Do calf elastic Bide, kid top Do patent do do Do do fancy slippers. Torms at Sale. MONDAY, JANUARY 24. Valuable Freehold Property In Stephen-street, now in the occupation of tho Rev. ¡j. L. Chase. SYMONS and PERRY aro inetrnctíd by tho Incumbent and trustees of St. Paul's Church to SELL hy AUCTION, at thoir mart, Oolllns-streot, on Monday, January 24, at 12 o'clEok, The piopcrty Eituato in Stephen-street, at present I ho resilience of the Roy. 8. L. Chase, near tho corner of Flinders-lane. The house contains IS apirtmonti, with spacious yards, Jic, and ÍB Cully convertible into two diBtinct dwellings, tho wholo being in excellent repair, and well suited for respectable private families. Dimensions of land, 30 feet frontago to Stcphon-streot, by about 90 feet to a right-of-way. Tillo uncxcopMonablo. Terms at Sale. I MONDAY, JANUARY 24. Essendon. Essendon, Handsome and Commodious Family Country Resi- dence, within easy distanco of Melbourno, with well-cultlvatcd Farm, and every convenience for a respectable family, ÜTMONS and PERRY aro inetrncted by JO »no owner to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, January 24, at 12 o'clock, All that vory desirable property situated' noir Essendon, on tho main road from Melbourno, known as Craigville Hall, containing dinlngroom, drawlngroom, four bot rooms, kitchen, pantry, servants'-rooms, willi stables, coachlicuso, fowlhouse, and all requisite outbuildings ; 8 aoros of garden, well fenced, and stocked with tho choicest fruit-trees ; the « bolo at présent in the occupation of li. King, Esq. Also, Adjoining tho abovo, all that property, known as The Essondon Vale Farm, with house containing full accommodation for tho purposes of the form, stabling, piggeries, &e;" and a 2-s.cre gardon, well stocked and fencod. The houses are substantially built of stone, woll ilnlfhcd, and tho premises replete with every con- trivance for comfort, tho extont of the »holopn pcrtics is about 82 acres, and as no expense has been i pared by tho'owner to moko it complete, and tho whole is situated only 6 miles fiom tho city, a gond opportunity is offered for obtaining a first-class rotl denec. ' Terms at solo. Particulars of tilla may bo obtained from Albert Bend, Esq., solicitor. Collins-street east. MONDAY, JANUARY 24. Warrandyte. Warrandyte. Valuable Farm for Salo, In the Palish of Warrandyte, about 16 miles rrom M olbourno, i Noar the Property of Sir James Palmor. ' j By Order of the Mortgagee ÖYMONS and PERRY aro instructed IO by tim mortgogee to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, ColllnB-i.trcet, on Monday, January 21, at 12 o'clock, All thai piece or pared of land «kilato In thepariiii of Warrandyte, county of Evelyn, and colony of ¡Victoria, titling part of section l8 of tho said parish, and commencing at vho north-eastorn coruor nr angle of said Beaton, and running south along the oaittm boundary-Uno of said section 80 ehilns 60 links ; thence In a line at right angles to tho laic line running west along tlio northern side |Of Go vornnioiit road one chain wide, running centrally through tho mid section cast and west 40|cliai' n 47 links; thence in a line at angles to the last Uno tunning nortb 30 chains 60 links, mid bcuntletl on tile west by other part of salt! section 13; thence by a Hue at tight angles to the in it Uno running east 40 chains 47 links n'ong tho norltfern boundary-lino of said section hjmu ti the commcncinit-point, containing by admiosur i rncnt If Da. !tr Sip., moroor less. J Terms at sale, j l'or particulars of title apply to Wingfield lAtto'i btroucli, Eiq., solicitor, Collins street west. . THURSDAY, JANUARY 27. j To Speculator*, Persons seeking Invostmontsj and Others. Absoluto Stlc of.Valuablo Freehold Land and IIousos in the Punt-road, ? Close to the Junction Hotel. I , Elx-roomed Verandah Cottago and Outbuildings, Jtnw In tho occupation of A. J. Smith, Eil). Four-roomed Cottage, Kitchen, Servantt'-lloom, Stabling, tie, : Adjoinlog Mr. Lovitt's. SYMONS and PERRY have rcceivid in-1 struclions from Tlieophilua Thompson, r,sq" In I SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the prbrjiisji, t-iluatcd oi tho corner oi Punt-road and Albärl'strc-'., Windior, on Thursday, January 27, nt 12 oMnck, For positive unreserved sale, ' All that pleco or parcel of lar.d, being a coi' 'r allotirent, having a frontage of 00 feet,to tau l'unt-rof-d by a depth of 03 foot to Albert.»! root, cn which is erected the house and premises now In the occupation of *A. F. Smith, Esq. , Also, I \- /II (bat piece or parcel of lsnd having a frorjtago of 32 fett to the Punt road by a depth of 08 feet, on which is erected a cottage, containing four rooms, kitchen, scrvant's-rooin, and stable, adjoining Mr. ¿u ittvimmedlatcly opposite the waterton*:* at the Junction. Titlo gusrantecd. 11 o above property is situated close to the Junction Hotel, and is raploly increasing in value, and the whole form a most oesirable invoBtmont to anyone \- » j-i etiloilrg In Improving property. lern s-one-third cash : balanco by bills at threi li x n.ir.ti.1', Lcwii-g 10 per cent, interest. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Splendid Assoitment of Furniture, Px Northern Crown. To PartloB Furnishing, Furnituro Doalora, and Other» SYMONS arid PERRY bave íeceived in- structions from i ho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins- street, on Friday, January 21, at 12 o'clock, Tho following splendid assortment of furniture, ox ' Notthorn Crown, consisting of Very Buporlor walnut loo tables, Frenchp.ltshad, , oirved pillar and claws , , . Handsome and superior mado walnut card-tablOB, carved pillar and o'»Ws A library or smoking chair, in mahogany, and oo/ered lu rich crimson Bilk velvet Very superior papier macho occasional chairs, inlaid pearl and beautifully painted Euporb and olegantly painted on pearl music stand, with brass slides and screws Walnut occasional table, fujl-sized, carved pillars Finest whlto swansdown quilts Bordered and bound beds, bolstors, and pillows, lo linen tiok and fine goose feathers. Also, 24 plecos gieen and marono American leather cloth. _Terms at Salo._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Household Furnituro. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUO Tioy, at their room», Collins-streot, on Friday, January 21, at 12 o'clock, Tho entire fnrnlturo of a house removed for tho convenience of salo, and consisting c1 Rosewood pianoforte Dining and loo tables ( hiffi nnierc, wardrobe, and chosls of draw ors Velvet-pile carpets and hearth-rugs Toilot-tables and sorvioe Iron bedsteads and bedding Pier and ti llet glasses Kartbenwaro, china, gliinp.&c.; Kitchen utensils and iurniture, &c.; Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, JANUARY 26. ! Notice.-To the Merchants and Gentlemen of Melbourne, And all iloslmns of securing first-class Allotments, With Frontages to the Yarra, And also to the Woiking-man and Small Capitalist. Subdivision of tho only unsold and original scclion on tho Yarra, named Tho Grosvonor Eslato. SYMONS and PERRY have received instiucUons, In conscquenco of the departuro of tie propiiotor, Mr. Norton, to Kuropo, to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Tuesday, January 26, it 1 o'clock, Tho whole of the Improved part of thal splendid property, situated on tho Yarra, in Collingwood, i.r.d named.the Grosvenor Estate, comprising the residence cf Mr. Norton, with his Beautiful gulden, Tho splendid orchard, The Ano viney nid. Great caro has boon taken in making the sub dlvition, and tho rciidcnco bud garden can be pur- chased in one lot, and be at once availablo without further outlay. Subdivision of tho river block, Loti. The Brook-Btreot gardon comprlsos 2r, 20p., mid lias a frontage to tho river of 07 foot 8 Inches by a iplondid depth to Brook- street of 447 feot. Lot 2. The vineyard, containing an area of 1 a. 1 r. 6 p., lias alto a frontego to the river of 124 feet by a dopth of 470 feet to Southampton crosccnr, to which rt also has a frontage of 141 feot. Noto -Ibero are about 1,010 vines, besldos a groat ii mber of poach, chorry, plum, lemon, apricot trocs, i.e., all In full bearing, on this allotment, the produce cf which will bo of great value, and will of coursa lelor-g to the fortunato purchasor. Lot 3. Soulharopton-gardon. The frontsgo to the river Is 126 feet, by a depth of ovci 480 lect to Southamp- ton-crescent. The area rf this lot is la. lr. 10p., and comprises a garden and orchard, iu which are lina mulborry, peach, pear, and eiory other varioty ot fruit trcos. Ihowholo of tho trees aro in fu 1 bealing, and of considerable valuo. Lot 4. Grosvenor Lodge and Garden. On this lot is the ' residenco of tho proprietor, iir. Norton, which contains six room-, with sundry kitchens and outhouses, and is now avallalilo as a residenco. Tills lot ha< an area of la. Or. lp., and has a river frontage of 108 foet, by a depth to Southampton cmccnt of 481 feet, ai.d with a frontsgo to tho a n cent of 10B feet. The improvements on this lot ero most numerous end valuable ; among them may be enumerated ona i f a most Iniportout character-namely, a force-pump, 1 y whiih water Is raised a dlManco of 470 feet io tho bi use and offices, and also Is nrranged fur the pur- ri BIS of watering the gardens. This was a most i.\ ¡.i i.slve Improvement, and will bo given over witn uihirs to the purchaser. 11.0 garden comprîtes all tho choice varUtlcB ot fitill tic«,-plum, peach, apricot, pomograuate, mul biny, apple, pear, walnut, &c.; Lots. The Almond Garden, has an area of Sr. 8f p., a frontsgo lo tho river ot 87 feet 9 inches by a noble deptli of 420 feot. Tho fruit trees of tho sorts enumerated abovo also aro In abundance, and splond'd bearing con- dition, lhere Is also a capital summor-huuso in the garden, and the largest and finest mulberry tree in the colony is on tills lot. Loitl, The Peach Garden, has an area of la. Or. 2d p., frontage to tho river it 112 foot, by a depth of 480 feet to Southamp- ton-crescent. This is alco a garden containing numerous fruit treos, in full bearing. Ino frontages to Victoria-street comprise 10 lots, varying from 30 to 40 feot, by a depth of 100 feet tu a right-of-way of 12 feet wido; and tho allotments to the streets (of which there aro four) running to tho river are all of 40 foot trontago, and so arranged, hack to back, that a purchaser can obtain a dopth of about 100 feet, and thus securo a sufficient orea for garden purposes. The auctioneers, in submitting this properly to public competition, cannot but congratulate thom sCIVCB on billig the medium for tho sale of so splendid end desirable an CBiate. Tho biauty of the situation is well known, and tho willows havo long been lucked upon an the most boauliful ornament to the fluent rver-walk in the neighborhood of Melbourne. Such an opportunity to obtain a *i*e of this description can rot »gain occur, na there., nu other land with asimi- lar frontsgo to tho Yarra unsolJ. Attention may si o bo cnllid to tho fi.ct that the cstato must, in conse- quence of its being bounded by the river, always re- main private, and thus will be most cxcil cut na a sita lor resldcnccB ; whllo Its rcspcctablliy Is Oftabllthod by tho immediate neighborhood of the Honorable tho Sp,eBkor of tho Bouse of Assembly and other influen- tial gentlemen. Tho river allotments, it n 111 bo observed, havo beon made large, to afford opportunity to tho gentry mid citizens ot Melbourno to sicuro eliglblo sites fcr vin i residences, i Llthogrsphio plans of tho subdivision can bo ob- tained at the,rooma of tho auctioneers, on and after Tuo.day, January IS; and abo at tbo offices tit Mr. B. O. Lusconibo, S7 (swanston- tree', at both of which places all-further desired information can bo ob- tained. lho title is,guaranteed first-rate, and what is of tho utmost importance, each purchaser of a lot or Uti in this cstato will fo entitled to his dords of conveyance at a cost of £8 3>., rtgisteied completo. Teims very liberal, viz. : 'One-third cash ; One-third threo months : One-third six mr nibs. AJlunohcon »111 be provided on tho ground. Omnibusos run from tho Glasgow Hotel, opposite the Post Office, Ellzabeth- Btrcei, every half-liou-. Fare 6d. _ TRIDAY, JANUARY SI To Dealors and Whom Concerned Clearing out Bale of Fancy Goods, Cutlery, A.c. TO bo BOLD, without reRerve, at tbo Now Commercial Solo Rooms, on Friday, Jnnusry 21, at 11 sharp, 20 cases of the undcrmontlonod goodB : Portemonnaies Dolls, slates Opera-glasses Zinc mirrors Flutlmtf, pipes Plajlng cards, tape moasure» Magic-lanterns, cricket-bats Ornaments, baskets WblpB, tops, leather dolls. And A very largo assortment of goods to bo cleared out. Without reservo Term«-cash 11 sharp _J. LYONS and Co , Auctioneers FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Storekeepers, Dealers, end Others. 11 casos I.N.E, Matches J LYONS and Co. will SELL by PUBLIC a AUCTION, at tho New Commercial Sale lioomB, Bouike street, on Frida}, January 21, at 11 o'clock, 11 cases, each 25 gross, I N.E. matchos. _Terms at Sale._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Ironmongers, Dealers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, t at the New Commercial Sale Boom, Bonrke .treet, on Friday, January 21, at 11 o'clock sharp, 7 eases oi assorted ironmongery, conBlstlbs/ of Axe handles Box rulos Bnperlor do do . «, 7, and 8 in, locks Percussion caps Whips, ' And, A largo lot of goods. To be cleared out for cash. _11 o'clock sharp._ MONDAY, JANUARY 21. To Photographers, Showmen, Travelling Hawkers, and Others, J LYONS apd Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 0 at the New Commercial Bale Booms, Bourke street, on Monday, January 54, at 11 o'clock ihirp, A travelling four-wheel van, on patent axles, painted green, built in van Diemen"s Land at a cost of 200 guineas, suitable for a photo» graphic travelling van, Bhowmen, hawkers, and others, and can be used as a dwelling. Without the least reserve. Can be seen on application. "" TUESDAY, JANUARY 26V~ - Preliminary Notice. To the Boot and Shoe Trade of Melbourne and the Surrounding Districts'. £8,000 Worth of Goods to be Sold. Moro or Lou Damaged. For the benefit ol whom concerned. Full particulars in to-morrow's issue. Terns-Cash ; 25 per cent, to be paid deposit on i | tbe Call of the hämmert I 11 sharp. , I J. LYONS and Co., Auctioneer», FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. . ^Ready-made Clothing. 8htrtr. Hosiery. Haberdashery, ¿te. To Drapors and Outfitters. To Country Storekeepers. To Dealers and Buy ers l'or tho Diggings. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been «, favored with instructions from the imnortors to SELL by PUBLIC.AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Colllns-stroot east, on Friday, ¡January 21, at li 'o'clock, abo following, zelcoted expressly for this market Gentlemen's summer doe trousers Do white, grey, and brown milled flannol suits Do snpor fancy tweed trousors Do fancy Scotch tweed broken-check do Do supor shepherds'checked do Do brown drill do Do fancy check drill do Boys'and youths'white, brown, and check drill do Do drab cord do Men's Bedford cord do Do woollen do do. Gcntlomon's fine tweed soo coats Do brown mixed do Do drab russoli cord coats Do grey flannel sne coats Do Ano grass cloth summer coats Do fancy flannel cricketing vests, long and short slocves Do do bopsack vest;, D and 8 B Do do tweed vests Do grey and drab Saxony flannel vests Boys' and youths' fancy tweed velts Gentlemen'» grata cloth vests Men'* whito and fancy morlno shirts Do grey shirts Do boys' and youths' Scotch twill shirts Do light summer pattern Saxony flannel shirts Do Scotch Iambi- wcol pants Do Ano merino rlilrts and drawers Do super milled rogatta shirts Do brown cotton balf-boso Women's white cotton hoso Fine summer mantle cloths Dutch carpeting Hats and Caps. Gcnilcmon's suucrflno silk batB Do drab elicll batB Do black satin vtlvet-naphats Do fine Panama hats Do white, drab, and black folt hats Mon's and youth",' tweed caps, assorted Do tweed and balmoral csps Lo black and shepherds' plaid do Lo white caps and covers. Alco, A largo assortment of haberdashery. _Terms nt Sale._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Drapers' Sp'ing-Oart. To Hawkers, Country Storekeepers, and Othors. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELL a by AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street, cn ïridny, January 21, at 2 o'clock, A well-made light »prlng-cart. To be sold without reserve. Terms-Cash. AUCTION SALES BY MR. STUBBS. MR. STUBBS will sell by auction, at the under mentioned times and places : - 21st January.-At Bear's Auction-rooms, 66 Quecn street, By order of Mr. Connolly, The Rose and Crown Inn, Flemington, let to Mr. Murray at £280 per annum. 26th January.-At Bear's Auction-rooms, Queen- street, The Callatin Estate, Situate on the Yarra, opposite the Survey Paddock. 26th January.-On the premises, corner of Lonsdale and Spencer-streets. By order of His Honor Mr. Justice Williams, Valuable Household Furniture, Library, Barouche, &c.;, &c.; After which Two Years' Lease of the House, Store, &c.; 31st January. The Village of Gretna Green, Parish of Tullama- rine, situate on the other side of the toll bar, Deep Creek road. 2nd February.-On the premises, corner of Rowena Parade and Punt Road, Richmond, House and Land. Fronting the Richmond Paddock. Hour of Sales 12 o'clock. Full particulars of the above may be had at Mr. Stubbs's office, 66 Queen street. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Tho Rose and Crown, Flemington, Opposlto tho Flemington Hotol. The host inn on tho road, and most rospectably conduoted. I To industrious money-saving colonists, who may bo dosiruiis of Increasing and securing another pi r.mi- nent addition of income, to live upon in England or tho Continent. MR. STUBBS is inatructod by air. Can- ' rolly, who contemplates removing to V. O. Land, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Boar'* Auction and Kxchango Rooms, 09 Queon-street, on Friday, Jai nary 21, at 12 o'clook precisely, I All tho ahovo important publlu-tliorouglif.iro public business property, known a« tho ROSE and CROWN INN, now under leaso to Mr. Murray, at 280Í. per an- num, permanent fortho next two years and olkht months, than which, perhaps, no hotiso hu i been li cid In higher estimation all along tho Minuit Alexander-road. It ie tho resort of all the labor- ing classes ; nut a dray or waggon but calls there, j the accesB Is so very convenient for travellers. It was erected unJer the superintendence, of a com- petent architect. The foundation is built of solid bluestone, and tho walls and partitions, togolhor with the carpenters'and jolnors'work, aro a') of tho best materials and workmanship. It has a capital frcntngo of 47 feet, by a depth of 263, moro or less, exttndirg In it o rear to Pitt-atroet, a new roid, rando and mrciriamlsod at the oxpense of Its puh'io spiiitcd neighbor, II. Glass, Esq. Parties Intending to, or thinking about the, pur- chase aro respectfully Invited to visit tho Rose boforo the salo, in order to enable them to forra n orrie» Idea of KB value and of the numborol carin, ilnv, «, waggons, carriage», foot and mounted porMins ulm Ears and ro-poss this great thoroughfare in and out of lolbourno daily. 2 he plan of tho house exhibits, vlr. : ¿. capital collar-flo.ir ;tho compartments aro conve- niently arranged and well told ofT, ono boing untlor tho parlor lloor, and the other under tho diningroom .floor. . First-floor.-Bar and tap, and ample accommoda- tion for olthcr standing, sitting, or running CIH tomoru ; bcsldeB one hreaktist parlor adjoining, one diningroom do, ono billiard-rocm In the rear. Tho whole well arranged, Including the kitchen. Upper floor.-Ono largo drawlngroom, opening Into tho balcony, overlooking tho Ho j ni Park; one family bedroom, 1 ; one do do, i ; ono do do, 8. In tho yard.-Stabling for bix bonos, with plenty of yard and gorden-ground In tho roar. TermB vory liberal, viz. :-One-third eaah, and tho residue at tinco, 12, and l8 mouths', bearing bank in- terest. Title First-rato. / TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. i Tho Oallatini Kstato, On tho Yarra, Opposite the Survoy Paddock. MB. STUBBS la Instructed by tho pro- prietor to BELL byTOBLIC AUCTION, at m« ?< Auction and Exohange ItoomB, GO Qucen-stroat, on Tuesday, Jauuary 25, at 12 o'clock proclsoly, The wholo of the remaining portion of this highly popular property. Note.-This enlato Is situate near the intersection of tho Glenfcrry with tho Toorak road, n stono'« throw or so from "Mr. Darayon'a cornor." It is ap- proachable cither bj land, or by water via tho Yarra; or, for a choice of roads, through Hawthorne, Toorak, cr the Survoy Paddock. It» cont jur Is undulating, and the quality of the soil IB eminently productive. Loti Consists or 18J acres, on a fine elevation, " living in liberty to gaze on all below"-it is tho alto of all others prcferablo for ino erection of a villa rod donco of the highest order of cottage architecture, in the ait of which Fngllsh architects ro well excel \- it has a beautiful sloping torrace to Gardluei's CK ok, and has n lu>g frontngo both to the Glou ferry and Davidson roods. Lot 2 Isilius described :-12J acres of Nilla building lan 1, including part of the valloy of Gardiner's Creel., the wholo highly productivo and enclosed, com- mands most intercs.ii g views of the neighboring proporttos of Jas. Dainyon, Esq, Russian Con- sul ; F. A. Powlott, Esq , ComraUeloner of Crown Lands ; - Cjuartorman, Esq., M.L.A. .- Ruther- ford, Esq. ; T. B. Payne, Erq. Lot 8. Tbo history of this property almost in a paren- thesis, Mr. Hutchinson and lils family occupy it with tho remalndor of the estate, ni a yearly rental of j>60i Tbo house IB not tho best In the vt-rlt', but tho industry and ta«to of ita Innnt s have made It a spot of aw out delight, not unworthy of belhg associated with somo of tho rcmiulscoiiccs mention!<1 In Bearleys Memoir of Wordsworth. 13} acres In all. Lot!. Nothlrg could bo more absurd than tbo subicction of a spot Uko this to anything Uko exaggerated praiso. Ireland Iscolobratcd for its cottages "un- der the bill," and it would bo a pity to seo tills allotment pass into tho hando of other than ono of its highly educated sons for tho tumo purpoB ? and repose. It has three char j c' i r'.stic frontages, the riler, tlio creek, and the rend, and, In» country bubjict to tho ovorpoivtrn g heat of mininer, (in somo cases more opprcstiio than that of the Red Sea) thovaluo of water is boyond all price. Lot 5, Is (Hunte on the north Bide of Davidson's-road, and hounded by the properties of Messrs. Cadden and Lobcrts, i.e. It is well-known for its productive- ness, its crops of hay, oats, and whoat, and hie besidos, n frontage to tho Qlonfcrrj-road. A plan of the wholo of the property will be on view in n ft vi da} s. 'ferme-One-third cash deposit ; the rCBtduo by bills at three, six, and 12 months' credit. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 26. Preliminary Notlco. To be Let by Public Auction, If not'previously taken by prhato contract, The veiy superior Family Houso, and excellent suite of Out-ofllccB, Storo, Premises, and Garden, the iroprrty of Mr. Justice Williams, Opposite tho Railway, Spencer street. Also, The Falo of all the valuable Household Furnlturo, Library, Baroudin, "-ad othor offsets, rroious to'his Honor's departure for England for a abort time. MB. STUBBS is fayoied with instruction!) to inform the public, that the SALE of tho s. 11'\ e is fixed fcr Wednesday, January 26. Fuit her particulars will appear In a future advor tiiin.cnt. In the meantime, portlcs wishing to take tho house »111 le llteiellj dedtwltb. Atitlm Kin»,ICQuctn-itrect. MONDAY, JANUARY 81. Gretna Green, Opposite Colonel Kenny's Estate, Parish of Tullamarine. Subdivision of part of portion No. 4 of Section 4, the property ot A. M'Douald, Esq. ïubdivlded by tho proprietor epoclally for the acoom modatlon and convenience of newly-married couples, carriers, llttlo Bhopkocpers, farm laborers, gardeners, and Immigrants. All pegged off as you go along fust on the other Bldo of the toll-bar, Dcop Creek-road. MR. STUBBS la instructed to announce tho SALE, on Monfay, January 81, ot the before-mentioned popular-named village, In lots to suit purchasers, and upon liberal terms. Further description in a future advertisement. BATURDAY, JANUARY 22. Xo Hotelkeopers and Others in Want ot Really Good Furnlluro, Bagatelle-Table, &c.; Sale on the Premisos, Corner of William and Bourke 8treots. Tho Lato Residence of Dr. Barker. TLfB. STUBBS will SELL by PTJBLIO Jj I AUCTION, on the premises, corner of William huoBourko streets, on Saturday, January 22, at 11 o'clcck preclsoly, All the good, sound, and substantial English and cilonial made furniture, comprising First-class bagatolle-tablo Mahogany dlmng-tahlo Do teloscope do Do hair-seated chairs Do do sofa Morocco Unod arm-chairs Window curtains, cornices Sidoboard and em ill table Carpets Fender and irons Breakfast and dinner sots Brass and iron bedsteads Beds and chairs, furniture, &c.; Kitchen utensils, Ac. _Terms-Cash. _ WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. Richmond. At 12 o'clock in the forenoon, sharp. On tbo Premisos, cornor of Rowona-parado, Punt road, Richmond. MR. STUBBS bos received instructions from tbo proprietor (who Is about to remove ironi the vicinity of Melbourne), to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, If not previously idlspoaod of by private contract, at the premises, cornor of Rowona-parado, Punt-road, Richmond, on Wednesday, February 2, at 12 o'clock sharp, The following freohold properties, viz., Loti. A most dcsirablo cornor allotment of land, situite nt tho corner of Rowonn-paiado and Punt-road, Richmond, having a frontago to tho Punt-road, chain wide, of 36J foot, by a dopth of 78 fest, on which 1B elected a most substantially-built and woll-flnlshed Brick store and dwilllnghouso, containing convenient shop, parlor, two bed- rooms, kitchen, &o.; A noat corrugated iron verandah !s fitted round tho premises, which has a privato entrance to Rowcna-parade. The premisos ato situated near the property of His Honor Judgo .Pohlman, fronting tho most beautiful part of tho Richmond-paddock ; and the building having beon built with tho vlow ot addi- tions thereto, could with small exponeo bo converted Into a private dwelllnghouso or into an hotel, drug- gist's, or linen-draper's shop, for either of which pur- poses tho sito and situation aro admirably adapted. Lots 2, 8, and 4, adjoining lot 1, each contain a frontago to tho Punt-rond of 80 feot by a depth of 78 foot. The wholo of the so lots are well suite.t to tho erection of private houses, having Frontages to Richmond Paddock. The advantage of fronting this paddock, which possesses park-liko scenory unrivalled by any other locality noar Molbourno, Is too obvious to require comment. The present is one of tho faw remaining opportunities of securing sites lu this peculiarly favored locality. Conveyances pass every two or three minutes throughout the day, while the pedestrian can walk to business ia Melbourne in 26 minutes. Tho title ia unexceptionable, and but ono removo from tho Crown. Terms : One-fourth cash, remainder by hills at six, 12, and l8 months'. CsrdB to view, and inspection of plan of locality may bo obtained at tho auctioneer's ; or at the reel dence of T. W. Badham, Rowenn-parado, Richmond. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. First-class Investment. City and Suburban Property. By Order of tho Proprietor, John Moonoy, Esq. ERASER and COHEN havo received in- structions from John mooney, EBq., to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, on au early day, duo notice of which will ho given, Ellzanoth-street. Half-acro allotment of land, situato In the most central buslnoss part of Eliza- beth-street, on which 1B erected the City Arma Hotel and other buildings. Also, A large quantity of Suburban land. Full particulars of which will appear in a future ad- vertisement. Terms Liberal. i , THIS DAY. Important Sale of Spirits, Grocorios, and Provisio j Ex Nlmroud, Emma, Ohilo, Golconda. By order of tho lmportors, Messrs. Hyam and Co. FRASER and COHEN have received I structlons from tho Importers, Messrs. Hya and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, c Thursday, January 20, at 11 o'clock, Ex Nlmroud, Emms, Cbllo, Golconda, 109 caBOS Honnossy's palo brandy 100 do Renault and Co 's do ICO do Clnuzcnu's do, No. 6 200 do JDKZ geneva 200 do Bwalno, Boord'» old tom SOO do Pigeon's do 200 do Booth's do 16 hhds. Dimcrora rum, 80 o.p. 10 quarters do do 200 casks ByaiB'B bottlod alo and porter, ca dozon 200 cases Bill and Ledger's bottled fruits 166 do do lib assorted jams 60 do do lib. do jellies SO do do black currants, each 2 dozen )C0 do do osBorted bottlod fruits 60 do do black currents 8 do do black currant jams 80 do do oaiortcd pint pickles 6 do do onions 20 barnlB tapioca 30 casos Taylor Brothers' chicory 73 do M'Flo's loaf sugar 200 cask« Beda crystal« 100 boxes Oilando Jones'* white starch CO cases Barry and Co.'s chicory 100 do 1 sardines 26 do J do 10 casks Bin colona nuts 11 do soft-shell almonds CO carotecls Carolina rice 44 catos, boxoB, and half do, layer muscatels 20 do cartoons do 20 boxes Jordan almenes. Terms-Under 1001., cash ; above that sum, »p. i ) < M íacieptnnccs at threo monthb'. | Th i above goods are now in courso of landing. ' THIS DAY. To YVino and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Othors. TjiRASER and COHEN are instructed to P SELL by AUCTION, at tho Mart, on Thursday, January 20, at 11 o'clock, Î6 qturtor-cnskB brandy 8 do U. V. Company's do i 200 caeos brandy, eau de vie 500 do do, Jean Goutlcr 290 do claret, Bl Julien 400 do do 20 do sparkling mosolle, quarts 20 do do, pintB 17 do no, quarts ' 0 do do, pints 8 do do hock, pints 19 do do, quarts 28 do do, pint« 44 do do, quarts 10 do do mosolle, do C8 do do chsmpagno, do _Terms at Ba'o,_ THI8 DAY. To Brewers, Oornfactors, and Othors. 1,009 Bushols Palo English Malt. 500 Bushell Oat). FRASER and COHEN ara instructed bv Messrs. Hyam and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, Jmuary 20, at li o'clock, 1,000 bushels pale English malt 600 do oats, _Terms at Sale._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Boots and Shoos, "ECRASER and COHEN are instructed by W} Moisrs. H. W. Farrar and Co. to BELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, January 21, at 11 o'clock, To cloie sbipmonts, The undermentioned goods, manufactured by Stead Mia Simpson, tay 6 trunks gentlemen's Wellington's, patent legs, &c.; t do do Bhort do 8 do youths' and boy«* dhrcuco 1 do boy' eau bluchers 2 do youths' calf balmorala .1 do gentlemen's best balmoral pumps 1 do patent (Uppers 2 do ladles' channel booti C do children's straps, etc. > 2 do girls' boat leather-legged boots, 7 to 19 and 11 to 1. ' Terms at Sale. "?"" FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. 88 Trunks of Superior Boots and Shoes. Manufactured by John Hoppe. TÜBABER and COHEN are Instructed to J> BELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, January 21, at 11 o'clock, Without any reserve, l8 trunks of superior boots and shoes, mmuiacturel ; hy John Hoppe, consisting of Gentlemen's fine calf wellingtons Do do half-Wellingtons Do esamelM elastic oxfords Do calf balmoral! Men's bluchers Women's cashmere boots, elastics ¿o dr, to lace lo colorid, do I.¡rh'aid children'» do A. «lo tiMi« lb d Sirup*. Te.iu.m tale. | I FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, Boots and Shoes. Kx Nlmrond. For Unreserved Bale, F BASES and COHEN are instructed to SELL by AUOTION, at tho Mart, on FrnT U»y, January 21, at 11 o'clock, Ex Nimroud, R 0, 1-3-Strunks, each eight dozen,women's cashmere boots 4-6-8 do, do do 7-0-3 do, do buper do channelled 10-12-8 do, do do 18-15-8 do, do clastic do 16-1 do, domemel do 17-1 do, do patont goloebed do 18-1 do, do colored cashmere do 19-1 do, do girls'grain and calf straps 20-1 do, do colored cashmere boots 21-1 do, do 0 9,10-18, do do. Terms at Balo. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. 1,200 Barrels Haxall Fino Flour. F BASES and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at the Mart, on Friday, January 21, at 11 o'clock sharp, 1,200 barrels Haxall fine flour. Now landing In nne ordor and condition. Terms at Bale. THIS DAY. To Jewellers, Dealers, and Others. Unreservod Solo of a Small Invoice of Jewellery, AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTION. « in his rooms, Colliiis-street, on Thursday, nry 20, at li o'clock, A London invoice of jowellory, comprising Rings, gold pens Stone bracelets, albert chains, and keys Seals, gold brooches Silver poncllcasos, koepors, assorted Silver toothpicks, gold bracelets Cards, pencils, slides, &c.; To be sold to closo an account. Without ReBorvo, FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Preliminary Advertisement. Sale of Oilmen's Stores, Groceries, &c.; AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTION. a, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, ary 21, at 11 o'clock, An invoice of oilmen'« storos, groceries, provi- sions, lie,, All now lauding. Full particulars in future adveitlsoments. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Grocers, CofToo Deolors, and Others. Solo of £0 Casks of Chicory. Just landod. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, T\\_, in hlB rooms, Colllus-streot, on Friday, January 21, at 11 o'clock, £0 casks, each about 2 cwt, of chicory, in bond. Just lauded, in the beBt order and condition. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Grocors, Golfeo Dealers, and Othors. Salo of '.¡Tons of Finost Plantation Coffee 8 Tons oi Manilla Do. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a in lils rooms, Oollins-streot, on Friday, Jouuary 21, at, 11 o'olook, 2 tons of finest plantation coffee, in bond. 3 do of Manilla do, duty paid. Terms-Under £100, cash; at and above thst amount, approv od acceptances at three months' date. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Grocors, MorchantB, and Others. Sale of 840 Cases Lazonbv's Oilmen's Stores, At. Just landed ex Chile, from London. AG. M'OOMBE will SELL by AUCTION-, a in his rooms, Collins-street, on Fridsr. J anuary 21, at 11 o'clock, BH, B under, in diamond, § 1-60-60 cases, each i dozon, L»»cnby's Harvey's sauce 61-00-40 do, oach 1 dozon, do half-plot saucss, oalortod as por Invoice 91-130-40 do, each 4 dozen, Lazenby's pint plckloa 131-140-10 do, each 6 dozen, half-lb. mustard 341-340-200 do French vinegar, double distilled. TermB-linder 100Í., cash; at, and abovo that «.mount, approved acceptances at throo months' date. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Grocers, Dealers, and Othors. 60 Catos flommill's 21b. Salmon. Just landod. áG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a In hie rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, ary 21, at 11 o'clock, 60 cssos Gcniinill's 21b. salmon, in cases of 2 and 8 dozen each. All guaranteed. Terms nnd Particulars at Sale._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Cornfaetors and Others, 40 Bags Oats. Bogs stained. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTION, , In his rooms, Obllins-Btroot, on Friday, ary 21, at 11 o'clock, 40 (more or less) bags Scotch oats. Bags slightly stained. No rcsorvo. FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. To Cornfactors and Others. 8,600 Bushels Scotch Oats. áG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION . in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, ory 21, at 11 o'olook, 3,600 bushels Scotch oats, All in tho best order, And guaranteed. Terms-i bovo 1001., acceptances at tbroo months' date. , FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. 600 Dozon (moro or loss) Bynss's Alo and Portor. Ex Northern Crown. A G, M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, As in lils rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, January 21, at 11 o'olock, 600 dozon (moro or lose) Byass'sale and porter. Ex Northern Crown. To be sold for account of whom it may concern. Without Reservo. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Land at Emerald Hil). Do Abbotsford. Do Collingwood, Do CaulOeld. Do Gardiner. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. are instructed c to SELL, Sevoral properties, situate at Emerald Hill, Abbots- ford, Collingwood, Caulfield and Gardiner. Particulars of whloh vrlll appear in a future adver- tisement, or of tho auctioneers. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To tho Iron Trade. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL by . AUOIION, at their rooms, 36 Collins-stroet west, on a day te bo horeafte r named, An invoice of suporlor plain galvanised shoot iron, 6 cot x 8 foot, 28 gaugo, now landing, _ex BhephcrdoBs, from Liverpool._ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Danish and Scotch Oats. JB. HOUGHTON nnd Co. will SELL by ? AUOTION, at their rooms, 36 Oolllns-Btrcot wost, on Friday, January 21, at 12 o'clock, (00 bsgs Scotch oats, each 3 bushols 0CO do do do 81 do 1,000 bushels Danish oats. The auctioneers beg to call tho attention of the trade to the abovo primo parcels. Terms liberal. _ _No Reserve. __ FRIDAY, JANUARY 21. Bon BOUB and Confectionary. Fnncy Goods, Glass and China Ware. To Confectioners, Dealers in Fanoy Goods, and Others. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL by a AUCTIuN, at their roomB, 80 ColliuB-atroot west, on Frldty, January 21, at 12 o'olock, A choice and varied assortment of Ficnch bonbons Do stotuettoa and clocks Flower »nd abell groups Fancy Chineso, japan, and glass ware Simpson's illustrations of tho Crimean war Lamp», marido ttble-tops, &c.; On view at tho auctioneers' rooms tho day prior to i ale. _^^ MONDAY, JANUARY 24. Valuablo Building Allotment, and Stone Cottage, Hanover street, Collingwood. "VT KINSMAN has received " instructions r>| ? to BELL hy AUCTION, on tho promisor, Hanover stroot, Collingwood, on Monday, January 24, at 12 o'clock, All that valuable building allotment, having » frontage or 28 feet to Hanover-strcot, by 01 feet: dtep to a right of way, on which la erected a stouo houso ol two rooms After which, will bo sold 28 feet lo a private stroot, by 00 feel deop. To bo sold In one or two lots, as may bo desirod. Tho property la situated opposite tho residence ot Mr. Wills, anti being lor positive sale, tho auotloncec invites tho attendance of persons tloslrouB of a good inicstment. Sale at 13 o'clock, hy N. Kinsman, auctioneer, 3 Moor strcoti, Collingwood. MONDAY, JANUARY 24. Two Cottagos. One Brick Cnttago and One Weatherboard Cottage. Wellington street, Collingwood. "VI KINSMAN has recoivtd instructions JL\ . to SIILL by AUCTION, on tho ground, on Monday, January 24, at 1 o'clock, Two cottage», ono a brick cottago of two rooms, and one a weatherboard, ot two rooms. The land, has a frontage of 80 feet to Wolllngton-strcot, by 01 feet diop, situated near Stanley-street. The property being for positivo sale, tho auctlonoor would lui Ho the attendance of persons doBlrouB of making a good iuvostment. N. Kimman, auctlonoor and val nor, 3 Hoor stroe', Ci lllngwoDil. TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. Frocbold, George-street. N KINSMAN has received instructions « to BELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, by order of the mortgagee, on Tuesday, January 25, Two weatherboard cottages In Oiorge-atroot. Iho lund has a frontage of 83 feet to George-street. 1 j 110 feet deep, with a dcublo frontago of 83 feet to Lillie Ocmgc street. Hie property Is .veil situated, lit riite thi >V isley no Chi pel. N. Kinsman, auctloncir and \alucr, S MoDMtreet, Ililli i. v co V 