AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. illUSEB and COHEN have to gfre notloa I that tbe BOOTS and BHOE3 advertised for e at thoir rooms this day, aro WITHDRAWN until further notice. ___ PBEHHINARV NOTICE Valuable City Property. Now Market Corner. In Eilzaboth-strcot, Being that oxcellently-alluatod corner allotment, hiving 2081 feet frdhtagoto Ellzaheth-stroot, oppo- site the Stork Hotel, now being subdivided to suit intending purchasors. full particulars of which will appear in Monday'» issne. EBASER and COHEN bave received in- structions from the proprietor» to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on an oarly day, du» notice of which will be given, Ino abovo moBt valuable city freehold. Tom« and particulars in a future advertisomont. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuable Housohold Furniture and Effrot». Carriage and Horses, Cows, Harness äse. At the Residence of G. urquhart, Esq., M.L.O., Burnott-Btreot, St. Hilda. In consoquonce of that Gentleman's Intonded Doparturo for England. BASER and COHEN have reeeived in F. to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Barnett street, St. Kilda, on Tuesday, February IS, at li o'clock, The ivliolo of the valuable hou'chold furnituro and effects Carriage and horses Cows Harness, Ac Fall particulars In fat ni o iiBue. Term a Bale. Catalogues in oourso of prepaiation, and to bo hid. on application to the auctioneers. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 400Trunks of Men'«, Women'«, Girls', and Children's Boots and Shoes. At the Stores of MossrB. Flower, M'Donald, and Co., William-atroet. FRASER and COHEN bava received instructions from Mesura. Flower, H'Dorxald, »ou Co, to SELL by AUCTION, at thole atoros, Wllllam-stroet, on Wednesday, February 9, at 11 o'clock, 400 trunks of men's, boys', and youths', women'«, girls', and children's boota and shoos, consist- ing o' Hen's clump wellingtons Do do half-welling ona Fine calf wellingtons Dodo half-Wellingtons Do goat do Do calf balmoral« Strong wellingtons. Cairs. S. boots Do balmorals Men's hobnallod watertight» Do copper bradded do Youths' and boya' do do Do wrought iron nailed d» Do do bluohers Do oxfords Buck Bllppera Boys' and j ouths' S.B. boot De balmoral« Do calf bluchers Do kip do Do oxfords Men's calf sprigged blucher« Do kip do Do do laco boots Women's cloth boots, wella Do do do, elastics Do white jean do Do colored silk do Do bronze balmoral« Do colored satin Franoaiie boot* Do do cashmere do Do white satin and kid operas Do patent ealf slippers Do cashmere spring shoes Do French casnmoio boots Do do dolalno do Do do lasting do Do black cathmere do Do memel boots, welts, T. P. H. Do super balmorals Girls'and children's cloth bool« Do même! do Do balmoral« j Do cordovan boots Do rathmore do Do bronto morocco do ) Do morocco eyolot ihoot Do patent calf sltpt Do seal enamolled strap« i Do leather boots 3 Infants' felt boots í Colored morocco straps ; Grain boots, welts i Jsptu black balmorals Moire autiquo do } Men's and women's morning sllppors. , Iiims-Under 1001., caah ; above that um, Ï roved acceptance« at three months' p. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14. Valuablo City Freehold. New|Market Corner. In Eliza neth-streei. Hist Excellently -Bituated corner Allotment, having a Frontsgeof 20BJ Feet to Khzabeth-itreot, Opposlio ihn Stork Hotel, Bobluson's Agricultural Implement Manufactory, The Intended Now Market, being tho Grand Junction of Elizabeth, Victoria, and Leicester Streets, E BASER and COHEN have receive! instructions from the proprietors to SELL by AUCTION, at their room», 14 Colllni-strcot weat, on MoiiOny, February 14, at 12 o'clock, Tho tbiive described valuablo city property, sub- divided as follows :.=. Loti, A magnificent corner, having afrontagoto EIlzl (»lb-iircet of 103 feet 11} Inches, and other frontage to Leicester-street of 117 foot 9 indus, Immediately ficlng the newmarkot on one sido, sud] a Government ressrro on tho othor. In its direct front is tho great junction of Elizt liotb, Leicester, und Victoria atrootB, being a ?notified road of threo chains wide. For the erteilen of a Aral-clats hotel this most valuable corner stand« unrivalled, overlooking as it dom the whole of Melbourne and tho Bay; UB fast Iincroaeii g valuó muet be apparent to all, bolng ontbonmtn lino of road to all tho diggings-In bel, Ibu nmin outlet from the city. Parties In quest of an investment, or first-class uilntst site, »ill do noll to inspect this lot previous olbedsjot snlo. Lot 2 lina frontago to Eliztbeth-street of 26 foot, by a depth of 09 foot 6J inches, wlih other frontage of ¡3 feet fj luchos to Lolcrster-atreot. A most ox lent lot, immediately facing No. 1. Lot 8 has a frontago of 26 feet- toEllzabotu-strost, by A death ot8t lot>t 8J inches, with tho frontago to Lelceitcr street of 28 feet 3} inchos. Afino bull i inp; let, Lot 4, having a frontago to E Izubeth-strcot of 26 foot, by t dep h of D6 feot, with other frontage to Lolcal ¡erstreit of S8 feet 8îinohos. An admirably situated allitmont. Lot 6 liai a frontsgo to Ellzsbottwtreot of 25 feet, by a depth of lOi (em 6 inches, willi other frontale to Lelctstcr striot of 28 foet 3} Inches This Is a vet j talirablulnt, mid well woithy theattontion of ; intiiidín¡r purolmnors. The auctlimuors would call particular attention to Muslo a» thoy consldor the present to be ntl oppar utltyUat riruly occurs of securing apíceo of land hat is [Qitoii tor iiny business in a locality fast ira itovlci; lu v Uto, a'id aolIUt Inspection of tho taad dor to sale Lot 1 1B unequalled in tho city for Hiiation, Loti 2, 3,4, and 6 aro most t aluablo busl ess sites, liming ouch a douhlo fronlaKi to EUzaboth ed Leicester atroet«. Pcnoni seeking nnumerativo Investment« should ot «Howth, present salo to escapo their notice. i'fl lo, Gram from the Crown TerDs-2C por tont, cash; tho roslduo by bille at ires, «li, nine, and 12 months, tho last three boarlaj ink Interest. Plans may hs scon at the rooms of tho auctioneers. D»y of Salo, Bondiy, February 14 ut 12 o'clock. I TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16. he Bout aud Shoo Trade of Melboutno and Interior. Ibo First Shipment of Winter Goods. Ex ¡shalimar. Mtnufncturod by tho woll-known Houso of Frederick Bostock, of Northampton, le rcanufncuiuH are exclusively confined to Messrs. Hyam and Co. B&8BR and COHEN have received in sttucilon» from tho Importers, Messrs. Hyaca Co., io BULL by AUCTION, at tho Mart, on id»y, "dirimí) 15, at li o'clock, Ex Blmlimar, llieilr-itshlpineiit ofF. Unrtnck's superior ruauu Ueiuml 1,001« and BIIOOI, comprising a flrst chish.ihsiirtiuüiit, adapted for tho town and country trade i. being the first Bblpmoct till» seiion of winter good«, or sijie, /lohn, and durability, oro unoquallaj myolliri 'mp .nation«, nil nartiwiHr* in futuro issuo. eraii-Undor innf, cash ; nbovo that tam, ap. ted ncci'iitmircrt »t three months. ÍTHI8 DAY. Pmltmlnary Notice. Stoik, Crop, and Iniplcmonts. i M'UMV nilli ANOTHER have received I » Im-truUlnna from Mr. 0. M'Nab to SISLL SUCTION, at hi« flinn, Broadmeadows, on Tuev ', February 8, at 12 o'clock, tit hit stork, imp, and ImplMitont«, comprising btack ul h»y, about GO tons 1,000 bu-helo of oats (Tartarian), in bags 1 SOO don heat, in bugs 2hortn rays «nd frames Four IIOIFO potter thrashing tnnchinea 1 1 winiiouhii; machino 11 ihotihoiu hull, î years old 17 rallibcowB I 2bcavy draught horses 11 well bred riding pony I » number of farm I nplemenls and other article 1 tooiiumoroust) particularise. ? No roBerve. ? Toro tat Sale. I Til U USD AY, FEBRUARY 10. r vi Worl I i"(?AW, nnd ANO THE B have recelv«rl k «trustionsto SELL by AUCTIONS M? "'SS-ÄÄÄolk» » »h dray and gear, complote. ^ No Retcrve. THURSDAY, HBIUABY 10. Hay, Stock, and Imptaniati, MM'OAWand ANOTHEB hare reoelral s instructions from Mr. John M'Phall ila o»a ?equence of the expiration of his lease) to BELL by AUCTION, at his farm, Saltwater River, on Thurs- day, February 10, at 12 o'clock, 90 tons first-class oaten bay 1 superior draught maro» 1 do horse lback 2 toals, by Mr. Dick'» Black Champion, weane! 1 do, Colonel, do A few good cow» 2 hay-drays, with frames, nearly new 2 ploughs, by Barrowman Anda variety of other implements and uteaaus Poultry, pigs, Ac. Without Reserve. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14. Tour-roomed House in M'EiUop-itreet, oS Bourka street Weit. MM'OAW and ANOTHEE will SELL a by AUCTION, In M'Klllop street, a» below, in Monday, February 14, at 12 o'clock, A four-roomed brick cottage, to be removed, tatt property of Mr. Jennings, glngorbeer mannt»o turor, Ii^M'ieillop-street, off Bonrks-slree», a little above the Boyal Horse Bazaar. Terms-cash. _No Reserve. TUKSDAV,"FEBBUARY 2Í. Important to Farmers and Capitalist». ,". M'OAW and ANOTHEE have received JJf I . instructions from John Johnston, Etc]., te) iELL by AUC HON, at tbe Royal Hone Bacaar, on fnesday, I ebruary 22, at 12 o'clock, (If not pretlously disposed olby private contract,) Without any reierve, The wholo of his magnificent farm, Newgrove, on the Sydnoy-road, 19 mile» from Melbourne, consisting of 035 acre» of the finest land In the colony, all fenced, sub- divided, and 470 acres of it in a high state of cul- tivation. In tho very centre of the farm stands a bluestone armstead, unequalled in Victoria for extent or luality. Full particulars and card» to view mty bo obtained f the auctioneers. Q îîbi THIS DAY. 26,000 Feet Oregon Timber. S. BOSS and Oo. will SELL by AUO a TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesdar« Kiruary 8, at 11 o'clock, 26,000 feet Oregon timber 11 pieces 8 x 12, long lengths 6 do 8 x 12, do 12 do 10 x 10, do 20 do 9 x 9, do 60 do 8 x 8, do 80 do 6 X 0, do. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Monlded Doon. Bash do. Balled Panel do. Window Satho«. r< s. BOSS and Oo. will 8ELL by AUO ly, TION, on Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'olock, 860 moulded doors 16 sash do 210 raised panel do 820 pairs window sashes. _Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY. ---- Whlto Pine, Clear Plank. IPI S. BOSS and Oo. will SELL by AUX». ILy . TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tnesday, February 8, at 11 o'olock, 8,000 foet 1-ltioh clear white pins 41,841 feet 1} to 6 lnohdo. The above li perfeotly clear, «nd It in fine order, UBt landing. _Terms at Bal». THIS DAY. Doals. Dooli. Dealt. PS. BOS8 and Oo. will SELL by ATJf> t TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, mary 8, at li o'cluck, 2,780 deals, 9x8. Froth lot, just landing and a prime parcel, Terms »t Bale. THIS D4.Y. White Pine T. and a. Flooring. fi S. BOSS and Oo. will SELL by AUO l_y> TION, on Australian Whirr, on Tuesday! Feb. nary 8, at 11 o'cl ok, 107,141 feot Much white pine T. and G. flooring. The above is first quality and Doo condition. Terms »t Sale. THIS DAY, , To Spooulator«, Dealers, and Others. ^P. MACKILLOP (of Mackillop and s Cooke) has rooolved instructions from M'Cowaa ind Co to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their Hore Bonrko Btreet, opposite the Post-office, on Tues lay, Fobruary 8, at 11 o'clock precisely, About 160 boxes of immigrants' luggage. Without the least reserve. To pay storage and other charges lo lit November ast. Tho groator part of this luggage bat been In store for wo or three year«, and will be sole1 without reserve. lor ins-cash, on fall of tho hammer. 81 Colllnt-itroet east. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY li. Janefield, Plenty-road. Farm Stock, Crop, and Implement«. T P.IT AOKILLOP (of Mackillop and Cooke) tj a will SELL by AUCTION, at Janefield, on the farm, adjoining tho Post office, and oppoilta the Plough Inn, on Friday, February 11, »t 12 o'olock noon, All tho (arm stock and implements, ¿te, compris- ing, 8 stacks (1 oats, 1 wheat, 1 barley) of hay, in all about 60 ton«, well saved and first-class Crop of growing potatoes Draught, aaddle, and harnoas horses A number of milking cows, heifers, calves, Sec. Team of bullocks, In Uno condition, accustomed to farm work ; dray and gear Horse and bullock ploughs, harrows, spring-cut, drays, sots of shaft and leading harnett Large-siacd wlnnowlug-niachlne, with patent self. cleaning scroons Large doublo obum Holler, atoelyards, and a lot of firm implement» too numerous to particularité. And A quantity of poultry. Torms at sale. No Reserve. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 0. Building Materials, Old Post-ofMco, Oornor of Elizabeth and Bourko stroetB. JVT KINSMAN has received instructions 1>| 'e from Mr Coney to SELL by AUCTION, at Tie Old Post offlco Buildings, on WcdLcaiaj, February , at 2 o'clock, 6001 piceos corrugatod galvanisod iron, bricks, pitcher«, verandnh posts, beams, joists, quirtorlng, »boot iron, roofing, wire-gauss, plumbed zmo, window-posts, lumber, ¿co. To bo sold In lots co suit purchasers. Salo at 2 o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, & iloor-siroct, Collingwood._ _ THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10. 12 o'elook. Choico Freobold, Wolllngton-streot, Collingwood« Land and a Four-roomed House. "VT KINSMAN baa been favored with in J_\ « Btructlous from Mr. Greenaway to BELL by ft. U 01 ION, on the ground, on Thursday, Fobruary LO, at 12 o'elook, All that valuablo land, having a frontage of 40 lost , to Welllngton-stroor, by 117 feet deep, with a right-of-way at tho roar, on which 1B orootod a four-roomed weatherboard homo, with paasags. The property is fencod In, with a neat garden, and opposite Stanley street. Title good. Term«-Third cash ; three und six months' lor the remalndor. Sale by N. Kinsman, auotloneer and value, No, 8 Uoor-Btreet, Collingwood.____ MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21. Moat Desirable Squatting Properties. To Capitalists and Others. East and Wost Yawong, with 16,000 Hhoept i . 12 o'clock. T G. DOTJ&HABTY; bas reoeived instruc- tif . tiom from Messrs. James »nd F. Orr to SUBMIT t3 AUCTION (if not previously diaposod of by Prí- talo contract), 'at Uocklu's Hotel, on Monday, February 21, at 12 o'clock, The following valuable station properties Known as East Yawong and Weil Yawong, lltuate on tho Avoca River. Togethor with 16,000 shoop, moro or less. The sheep ara perfectly clean, and of a vory supe- rior quality, thoy belüg all bred by the present pro- prietors regardle-s ni oxponee. Theso runs aro not moro than half stocked. The East Yawong run, on which aro tho improve- ments, ojmprlsos an »rea of 46,000 aoros, and the Weit Yawong i un compi Isca an area of 75,000 »eros, 30,000 of which are plains of a suporlor fattening description. Thcao runs are permanently watered, having li mlW frontago to tho Avoca river on both sldoi, oesiden soveral back crook«, in which there Is plonty 3f water, oven at present. Thero aro alto about a dozen novor-failing springt En tbeno rnns. Tho improvements are vory suporlor. hore is a commodious stone IIOURP, with large gardon itttobod, weil atocked with vine« and fruit trees, and ill tho other buildings noceasaiy for carrying on a.large satablishment. Thero aie also two largo grata paddocks, containing egether »bout 8,000 acres, and cultivation paddock of 0 acroB. There will bo gtvou iu with tlicso stations O horsei, 36 bead puro Durham cattle, and all the station paraphernalia. ' The stores, io,, to be taken at coat price, with car. lago added. For further particulars, &c;, apply to 3\. Q. Doughirty, d9 Little Collins-street weit ; orto bo proprietors, on tbo stations._ i THIS DAY. Horses. 15 Splondfd Colts and Fillies, being tho Pick from a _ Stud or 260. VIST W. TBEAOY bau received ln8truot!oni TV » from Mr. James Douglas, of Gipps Lan!, LO BELT, by AUCTION, at bis yard«, 61) äourko-stroct west, ou Tuesday, February 8, at li 3'clock, 38 bora«», tho first draft of 86, consisting' of horses | suitable for overy description of work. All classe« of buyers trill do well to attend thi» ale. , , ' ;, '? No Uosei re. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY iO.| _^ Important. To Waggoners, Omnibus Proprietors, Dealors, «ynd Others. 150 Splendid Horse», Direct from Bathurst, New South Walo«. T\T W. TREACY will SELL by AUCTION. Vf . at his yards, 69 Bourko-street west, ort Thursday, February 10, at 11 o'clock, 40, the first draft of ISO magnlflcsut horses, con- sisting ot heavy draught colts, cavalry howes, i gentlemen's carriage pairs, and hack». The auctioneer would beg to state be ii advised of this being a first-rate lot. _No HoBorve._ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Important to Ironmongers, Builders, and All Whom it May Concern. On an Early Day. Extensivo and Unreserved Salo of Handsomely Carved Mantelpieces. Register Gratar, Large Kitehon Range% Saddlery, And A Large Quantity of Othor Merchandise. J LYONS and Co. have boen favored with . instructions from J. R. Pascoe, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his store, in Collins., street, on an early day. A large quantity of morchandlso, full partioulan of which will appear In to-morrow's Issue. , ~. PRELIMINARY NOTICE ~~" Of 8alo of the Whole of tho Valuable Stock-In Trade ! Of the , Etna Glass and China Store, 186 Bourko-stroet east, ' By Order of the Proprietor, Mr. J. Flanner. JLTONS and Co. have mach pleasure ia « announcing instructions from Mr. J Planner, let a Glass Warehouso, No. ISO Bourko-atreot east (la consequence of his retiring from business), to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, on an early day. The wholo of his valuable and oxtenslvo stock-In trade, consisting of Over four hundred and fifty (460) cratos anl packages ! Of , Buperlor Ware, .' In 1 Crockery, Glass, and Chin«, Full particulars of which will be given, and day of sale deolared, in a fu'ure advertisement. Country purchasers will please observo thatgoudi purchased by thom to the amount of 601. and up- wards will be packed with every care, and freo of ex-> pense. Tho premisos to let, with the right of the unexplred term of the prosont lease, , THIS DAY. ' To Small Capitalist». An opportunity which rarely occur«. , Two brick Cottages. t Without reserve. JLTONS and Co. are instructed to SELL . by AUCTION, on Tuesday, February 8, at li o'clook sharp, Two brick cottages, 30 feet frontage to a right-of wav, 60 feet deep ; one cottage has throe rooms, i the other two rooms, and situate.! opposite the Morning 8tar, Little Bourko-stroet. | The above property 1B let for 621, per year. J. L. would call particular attention of intending Îiurchaaors that It will bo sold to tho highest bldler or cash. i ' Remembor, 11 o'clock sharp. ' ( THIS DAY. To Town Tradesmen, Country Shopkeepers, Tailors, Drapers, and the General Trade, i ' Important and Unreserved Bale of i 102 Bales and Casts of Superior doods. I Just Landsd. I Ex Great Britain. By tho Express Ordor of tho Importers. T LYONS and Oo. are favored with instate . «J . tlons from tho Importera to 8ELL by AUO Î10N, nt thilrmart, Bourke-streot(Vow Commercial Sale« Room), on Tuesday, February 8, at 11 o'clock, I Tho following goods, just landed, and consisting of-> 1 Trunks of superior light fancy suits, a la Albsrt | Do do ahepherds' piala do do I Do do black oloth trouser« 1 Cases very oxcolloat millers' drab and molo / tcuuBora I ' Do do sup. rlor fino saxony flannel vests j Do do regatta shirts, Swiss fronts vBalos of heavy blue sorge shirts CasCB superior light fancy Bummor clothing, in 'Î sacs, vests, and trousers i ¿runks of superior doe, tweod, and othar ' l trousers Do, do, do vesta Do, do, do sacs Do Sydney style coats Casus of French and other pile hats Do diagonal tweed« Do assorted Saxony flannels Do flannel, doo, and tweed caps Do men's asaortcd felt hats Balo» of »ssortod Brussels »nd Kidderminster < carpets Do lory suporlor turnock«, Uto patterns CaseB of fino linen shirt-, latest styles. After whloh, Several cases of millinery good«, including I cottons, tapes, neerllos, thread«, bobbins, ¿GC. Term«, liberal, declared at tho timo of sale, and no reservo, as the whoto of the goods must be chosen to close the last venturo per Great Britain. THI8 DAY. To Carpet Warehousemen and the Trade. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUO ¡ TION, by order of tho vendor«, at thoir mart, liourke-stroet, on Tues l»), February 8, at 11 o'clock:, S bale», eich containing 8 piuco«, superior Brüs- sel* carpo'lug. Elegant patterns and first quality. , In lots to «ult purcnasora. i ïcrm s at bale. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10. To Ironmongers, Goner«! Dotiere, and Others. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, .?? »t their mart. Bourko-mroet (the New Oora tnmcial Salo« Room), onThurrda>, Fobruary 10, at 11 o'clock, The following invoice of goods, just landed from til» United 8utos, and consisting of American falling, murilee, wood, and olhoraxoj. Do tmndlcR to match Do buckets, tubs, mid palls Do churns, brooms, and whatnots. ' AUer which An Invoice of ' Tolloi and other glassw aro . Chimney and pier gli«noi, dressers, Ac. liinnit- Cai.h THIS DAY. Tu Farmern, Carrier« Huuiern, and Othors. 1 Team of Six Worklug-UuUouks, wltb Dray and Goar cúmplete. WJ. LOTIÏËKINGTON and Co. will # SELL by AUUHON, at thoir yards, 29 Boinka stroet west, on Tuouday, Fobruary 8, at 11 o'cloik, ltoam of rix largo, yaun?, and well-condltlonel i working-huUuok», dray mid gearcomplete, I TIIIB DAY. Holbourne Sale yards, 20 Bourko-streot west. Heavy and Light llnrnoss Horses, and Hacknoys. To Oontlemen, Fanner*, Denlo», and Others. X\T J. LOTHEKIS0TON and Co. will VY « SEliL by AUOTION, at thoir yards, 29 Bonrke-rtroi t wojt, on Tuosday, Fobruary 8, at 11 o'clock (-harp, So\ cr>1 stanch draught horses. Also, (laddie aud 11 « h t liarnos« horses, and hackneys Dogcrtt-, dravs, lûmes«, &,o TU l8 DAY. 0,000 Sheep and Btation. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL und Oo. have rtouived Instructions fro», tho oxecutrix of the hi .. ,l"lm Campbell, Major Mltcliill'rf Cronk, to BEOL bj PU3L10 AUOTIUN, at Kirk'» Diiaar, Rourke stroot, on Tuesday, February 8, at 12 o'clook, , Without ro-viirvo, The station known au Major Mticboll'a Creek, aboit 1(1 iiiitoi from Seymour, and 06 ralles from Mel- bourne. , Together with the whole of tho stuok Uiuroon, uonslatlngof 6,815 Blicup, of first-rato quality, aud froo from all Ultu.n0. Tin- improvements consist of a cunitortablo cottage, willi UKI UHiial cultivation anil urizliu; paddocks. For further particulars apply lo the auctioneers. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16. First Hat» Itonldonco, Murphy's Paddock, Prahras stroot, G irdlnor'« Crook-road. For Po'-itlvo Uuroicrvo Sale, by Order of tho i Murtgago». On the Groiintl, lit 1 o'o'ock. Tho Property is known ii« Fairfield Villa. In tho Occupation of MM. Poor». EDE CABLE lu« received instructions » li(,in tim mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, on "lie promise», Pniliran-Mrcot, Garillnor's Crook road, on Tuosdiy, February 16, at 1 o'clock, That beautiful property kim vii al Fairfield Villa, ntiw ocoupLd by Aire. Poer«. Tim housu contiins dining, diavvlng, and throe bol r-nonm, detached kltchuu, p-uilry, collar uudor front roo-ii, w Ide vemnduli all ruuud house, pretty garden and nhruliliury in front; in fact a house tidnpiod for tho ru'idaiit'u of a flmt-olas* family. From tli'B prettily alluatod spot ono of tho finest vlowt ImaxinaMa In obtained, and must bo aeon to ba propelly appreciated. As thiu la a bona Odo sale, it ia oxpeotod thoro will be fair competid jil. Cardi to view oin bo oMalno/1 of tho auctioneer, at 1 1B new estate olllcui, 73 Ellzahuth-atreot. Title unexceptionable. Torms, Liberal, at »ale. miURHDAY, FKBHUARY 10. House and Building Allu.ments. At ltlchmjnd. JOHN I'UlLl? will SELL by AUC- TION, on the ground, Cliurcli-mreot, Richmond, murtho now brld|;o, on Thursday, February 10, at I o'clock precisely, A four-roomo 1 house, with frontage to Cliuroh ttroot of 41 feet ajd depth of 100 feet. Also, 20 building allotments. No rei-erve. Terms liberal. For particular apilyto Mr. Philp, Little Colllus strcct, Molbour.io, or Mr. Robinson, Ian i agent, 2611 Church-strtet, I Ichuioml, 1R1DAY, MARCH 4. POWER nnd RUTHERFORD are In- structed to SELL by AUOTION (If not pre- viously disposed of privately), at Kirk'» Bazaar, an Friday, March 4, Tbo Jallongnng and Bald Hills Statten, with 708 cattle, pltnated on the Lachlan River, and esti- mated to cany 2,0(0 cattle or 20 000 sheep. I Price and terms can be obtained at their office, 12Ü I Queen-street, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11. n the Insolvent Estate ol John Ewart, Farmor, of Boroondara, In the County of Bourke. Unreserved Sale of Farm Stock. MR. ZOHRAB has been favored with In- structions from R. E. Jacomb, Esq., Official «.«signée in tho above oitate, to SELL by AUCTION, in the promises, Mr. Ewart'» farm, Boroondara, on Friday, February 11, at 12 o'clock prompt, The wholo of the Insolvent's farm-stock, com prieing Horsos, cattle, drays, waggon, chaise, ploughs, barrows, harness, farming lmplem.on.ts, poultry, Ac, Together with The unoxpircd lease of tho premises, of about 4 year» and 8 months. Toms-cash. No Roservo. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY l8. Rare opportunity for investment. To »peculators, Capitalist», and Others. Domain-road, 8outh Yarra. An Aere ol Building Land, cloao to the Ohuroh of England Grammar School. By order or tho Mortgagees. Q GRAHAM and Co. are favored with O« instructions from tho mortgagees to SELL by AUOTION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, on Friday, February l8, at 12 o'clock, All that parcel of land now in tho occupation of Mr. John Akora, having a frontage of d8} feet to tho Domain-road, by a depth of 401 feet at 180 feet doop ; the width inoreases to 130 feet, tb.» wbole being an acre, moro or less, with a cottage) \- thereon. To be «old without the slightest reserve. Terms-one-third cash; one-third three months'; one-third six months'. Friday, February l8, at ISo'clsok. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. To Porsoni Building, Contractors, and Others. Another Bale of Building Matorials, At the Old PoBt-olBce, corner of Elizabeth and SCHULTZ and ATOHISON will SELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at tho corner or Eiiziboth ai d Bourke streets, on Wednesday, February 9, at 11 o'clock, Building materials-oonsUtlng of brick«, blue .tone rubble, pitchers, ¿hoarthstonea, ve- randah-posts, beams, joists, quartering, shoot-iron, corrugated galvanised iron,.roof- ing, wire gauze, plumbed zlno, wlndowpo«*.«, lamber, Ac. Abo, A four-roomed two-story house, complete. To be removed in 10 days. Terms-Cash. Election Notices. TO tho ELECTORS of the WESTERN PRO- VINCE Gentlemen, Having been repeatedly invited by some ot th» most Influential eteotors in the Wostern DU' trlct te present myself as » candidate for a seat In tho Legislative Council, I am Induced by th! occurrence of a vacancy in the representation of the Western Province, to solicit your suffrages. Tho attainment of so high an honor as that of n presenting y ou in Parliament would of Itself bo » sufficient inducement for mo to como forward, but I am also influenced by the desire of accelerating the onaotment of measures which I believe to be essential to the material prosperity of the country, and by the postponement of which I feo! convinced many branches ot industry havo been rotarded Pomonal experience, derived from noarly equal ti ako In all the leading pursuits of tho people of tb.ii c, uutry, ha« satisfied me that the assumption of antagoniatlc interests is shortsightedness and » great and doplorable mistake I cannot, th refore, entor Into Jealousies with which I have no tym atby, by ollonng mysolf ns the spcolal friend of 01 o class moro than another. Agricultural, pastoral, mining, and commorcial pursuits severally contribute to our woaltb and proiperlty; and, consequently, being in a high degree mutually interested each In the advancement of the other, alf demand, to a greater or less extent, the fostering attontion of those who pretend to logialate for tue real wollare of the country. I have viewed with unbounded satisfaction the groat progress of agriculture during the last fow years ; and a nieasura by which land can bo placed in the posioi ?lon of tho oultlvator as rap'dly as he can apply capital and labor to It will recolvo my oordlal support. i>o Government wbioh displays a want of attention m f urnlililng the producor with tho means of cheap and ready occoss to the market will recolvo my con- fidence ; and I shall be glad, atoordlng as tillage ad- vances to soo a liberal expeudlture of public money on aitcsian wolla, and the collection of Btorm-wators, with a viow to an extensivo system of irrigation. Believing that the grazing capabilities of this country are far from being tully developod, and im ÎirosBcd with the importance of obtaining ohoap food or tho people, as well as increasing the exports of raw produce, I shall eumur in measure« which may enable the pattoral tenants of tho Crow n to mako their holdings moro productive, so far as those measures at, not inconsistent with the progress of agrleulture and Increase oi populat'03. Hie decrease in the, production of gold, which In- volves the moat serious consequences In a flnanoUl p int of view, and thrcatons distress to all olasBos, J boliove to be almost entirely attributable o a wriiit ot sufficient security for the employment of capital In conjunction with labor. Whorl the suc- cessful miner has attained that position whioh ontlties bim to consider that the porlod has arrived whoa he Bbuuld ceaso to bo a moro laborer, ho is inducod to apply himself to pursuits with whioh ho is, perhaps, alii gother unacquainted, rather than run the risk of having his accumulations wasted In litigation. This «tate of things should, I thluk, bo put an ond to al so n as possible. Though the rovenuo of the country has been en- tirely distributed foi tho benefit of the people, owing to our being uuoncumbored by public dobt, annui- ties, and groat naval and military torces, and not- withstanding that I fully estimate tho utility of our public works, yet I have always questioned the polioy of slnklugso great a proportion or our capital perm«, xently, and am no at all satisfied that tho prematuro diversion from activo employment of too large au, »mount of our anuuil uccuniulnilons ha« had no Sharo in 1I10 frequont recurrence of distress amongst our artlstus and tradors Accordingly, any Ministry which shall adopt tho principio of deferring expendi- ture not of immediate necessity may calculate on a prefironco from mo AB regards future Parliamentary Reform, I am of opiuton that sucb|mU3t bo of constaulty recurring ne comity in a country uudoigoliig euch rapid transition! as this, and I shall therefore willingly Bupport further meuBttros calculated to attain an equitable representa- tion of the peoplo. I purpose, as soon as business claims will permit, to visit your province, lu order to make mtsolf moro fully acquainted with its wants, and, at tbo Bama time, to glvo such further explanations of my polltloal opinions as may ba desired. In conclusion, I ventura to express tho belief that though others m»v serve you moro ably, nono will iiptcsent you moro faithfully ond honestly, I hav e tbo honor to bo, 1 Gentlemen, Your most obodient sorvant, St Kilda, January 22. W. LANE. FUDUO Notices. ALL parties having HOUSES in the paddook of undersigned, »re requested to REMOVE them before March 1, I860, otherwise they will be SOLD.to pay expense». NEILSON and THOMPSON. Gisborne. ALL partios having BOXES, &o.;, stored at No1 li! Elizabeth street, Uolb uruo, oxcecdlng thro j lunar months f u ni tho date of deposit-receipt, are requested to Itl'.MOVE tho same, or they will bs SOLD, on February 16, to defray charges thoroou. Removed to 23 Ellzaboth-streol. February 6. OttOILL, PACKWOOD, and Ga. DISSOLUTION of PARTNERSHIP_Tho BUS! HESS horotof.iro carried on by William Bowson and Robert Little, under tho style and firm of Hewsin and Little, saddlors, Ararat, is this day DISSOLVED, by mutual consent, and that all debts duo to, and all debt« owing by, the said dim, up to the prcsont date, uro to be respco ivoly received by and psid by the said William UevtBon. i Dated thla 2nd day of February, 1850. WILLIAM HEWSON. ROBERT LITTLE.'. Witness-Stephen Young._ 1VK POUNDS REWARD will bo PAID for Infor formation that will lead to the CONVICTION of the PARTY who BTOLE a MUBIOAL- BOX from Mr. Wure'», corner of Oeorgo and Argyle streets. IF the chesnut HORSE left at tho Adam and Eve Stables, Little Colltns-strcot cast, on November P, 1868, branded Ral conjoined, tail of R to left) on ucir shoulder, is NOT TAKEN AWAY by February 11, ho will bo SOLD, to pay expenses. ÏN the INSOLVKNT KbTATE of MARY ANNE BEASLBY.-I hereby call a SPECIAL UESTIN3 of tl.o ORF.OITORS In lilli estate, to be boldon at ïruscr'a Family Ilotol, William-street, on Tuesday, tho (Ah day of February ln«t., at 11 o'clock a.m., nbcn Ml oreditors are requested to attend. _ALEX. LAING, Official Assignor). IN tho SUPREME COURT of the COLONY or VIOTORIA :>Insolvency 'Jurisdiction.-In ths Estate of JOHN DAVID BYUKB, of Goolong, Attor ney-at-law, an Insolvent.-Notice Is beroby glvon, thitt I, John David Symes, the above-named Insolront, intend to apply at tho Court-house, Geelong, to solvent Estates for tho district of Goolong, on Satur- day, tho twelfth day of («arch nexi, at the hour of 10 o'clock in the forenoon, that a CERTIFICATS of DISCHARGE heroin bo grantod to mo, pureuantt) the Act of Council In such case made and provided. _J. D. 8YMKB. ~i OUKEY CLUB MKE1'.-Racecourse Booths.-rho .J unsold BOOTHS, from 8 to 20, are OPEN ta {?ELECTION, to tbo first applicant, at an upset prlo» of £10 each, Parties requiting thom can obtain tho savin upon application to Messrs. Jamos Henderson and Co., Klrk'n Horse Baraar._ R. ROW.-lf your BOXES are NOT BEHOVED within 14 days, they will be SOLD. GEO. GORDON, Richmond. February 7,1869. F M AJOIIUE.-I hereby oertlfy that I will NOT bo i\ llBSPONBIBLEfor any DEBTS Ellen Tobin (not Kllen Copley) may contract in my name, from thiu date. ROBERT COPLEY, Y/lndsor, lato '.fruiterer, St. Kilda. Fobrunry 7,1860. TtJOTfOK.-The PARTNERSHIP (If any) exUtlag JJl between tho uudorslgned and J. A. Wilson, as plumber», gatfltturs, ki., Is this day DIS80LVED. B. H. DOD8 and Co. W. 0. Baillie, witness. (jucen-streot, Melbourne, February 7,1S60._ "VI 0T1CK.-I'KREONB INDEBTED to JOHN H. U.N OADD, Dmpur, Elizabeth btreet, are requested (to PAY tho S AMI:, by order of the trustees, to Mr. vld*a¡il l-pesl-irnp, acrountant, 82 Cjlllnl-straet i yen j THE Friends of the Sisters of Mercy will be happy to learn that the CONVENT, in Nicholson street, is now REDEEMED from MORTGAGE through the klndness of the undernamed ladies and gentlemen in lending or giving sums of money for the purposes. The Sisters of Mercy return many grateful thanks to all who thus assisted them, for although the various small loans have to be paid back, nevertheless the Sisters duly appreciate the advantage of being free from the burden of £200 per annum interest on the mortgage debt. Special thanks are rendered to Messrs. Michael Curtain and Richard Feehan, for their zealous exertions as collectors: DONATIONS In aid of the Liquidation of the Mortgage Debt. £ s. d. A Friend .37 10 0 Mr Callaghan, Moonee Ponds .. 20 0 0 Rev. Patrick Madden ..... 20 0 0 Mr. T. S. Martin ....... 20 0 0 Mr. James Mayne .. .. .. 20 0 0 Mr P. A. C. O'Farrell .. .. 20 0 0 Mr. T. H. Power .. .. " 20 0 0 Mr Pender, sen...20 0 0 Dr. Rowe ....... .. 20 0 0 Mr.Throgmorton ...... 20 0 0 A Friend. 11 0 0 Mr. Glynn (contractor) .. .. 11 0 0 Mr. Martin Butler.10 0 0 Mr. Farmer.10 0 0 Messrs. McCormick and Sons .. 10 0 0 Mr. James Barry ..5 0 0 Mr. Cantwoll ....... 5 0 0 Mr. Dodd ...5 0 0 Mrs Dollahoy ..5 0 0 Mr. Stephon Egan..5 0 0 Mr. Reedy..5 0 0 Mr. Levach..5 0 0 Mr. McGee..5 0 0 Mr McSweeney..5 0 0 Mr. Murphy..5 0 0 Mr Sheedy .. .. .. 5 0 0 Mr. Tracy ..5 0 0 Mr. Westby..5 0 0 Mr. Walsh (Smith-street) .. .. 5 0 0 Mr. Walsh (La Trobe-street) .. 5 0 0 Mr Wilson. 5 0 0 Mr. Griffin.4 0 0 Mrs. O'Connell .4 0 0 Mr. Colgan .. .. .. ..4 0 0 Mr O'Halloran .3 0 0 Mrs Petty..3 0 0 Mr. Whelan. ..3 0 0 Mrs. Corcoran .2 0 0 Mrs. Cook .2 0 0 Mrs. Foy .........2 0 0 Mrs. Kennedy .. .. ..2 0 0 Mrs. Lynch .. .. .. .. 2 10 0 Mrs. McNamara..2 0 0 Mr. McWay .. .. .. ..2 0 0 Mr. Nicholson .2 0 0 Mrs.Ryan .. .... ..2 0 0 Mr Smith .. .. . ..2 0 0 Mrs. Tracy. .2 0 0 Mrs. Burke..1 0 0 Mr Tobias Butler .. ...1 0 0 Mrs Cleary....... ..1 0 0 Mrs Casey.1 0 0 Mrs. Dowling..1 0 0 Mr. Dick ....... 1 10 0 Mr. Dodd .1 0 0 Mrs. Finn .. .. .. .1 0 0 Mrs. Forbes.1 0 0 Mrs. Gilogeby .. .. .1 0 0 Mrs. Heaton. ..1 0 0 Mrs. Hassit. .. 1 10 0 Mrs Hanly. .1 0 0 Mrs. Jackson .. ......1 0 0 Mrs Loughnane .. .. . .. 1 0 0 Mrs. McIvor.1 0 0 Mrs. O'Brien.1 0 0 Mrs. Scanlan .. .... .. 1 0 0 Mrs White.1 0 0 Mrs Cleary .. . .. .. . 0 10 0 Mrs Hade . . 0 10 0 Mrs. Murphy ...0 10 0 Mrs. Murray .. .... .. 0 10 0 Mr. Reynolds .. .. .. 0 10 0 Young Ladies of Convent School.. 78 10 0 Amount of donations .. £488 0 0 LOANS In Aid of the Liquidation of the Mortgage Debt. For One Year. £. s. d. Miss Ellen Butler . .. .. 20 0 0 Mr. Counsel .. .... .. 20 0 0 Mr. Chisel . .20 0 0 Mr. Dollard... 20 0 0 Mr. John Dwyer ....... 20 0 0 Mr. Edward Fitzsimon ..20 0 0 Mr. A. Flanagan ..20 0 0 Mr. Green. .20 0 0 Mr Lowry .. ......20 0 0 Mr.O'Shea . .... .. 20 0 0 Miss Catherine Owens .... 20 0 0 Mr. Andrew Ryan .. ....20 0 0 Miss Jane White .. ... 20 0 0 For Two Years. A Friend . ..60 0 0 Mr. Cusack .. ...... 20 0 0 Mr. Bernard Cavanagh .. .. 20 0 0 Mr James Davis..20 0 0 Mr. D. A. Hughes ...20 0 0 Mr. Michael Keagh...20 0 0 Mr John Kirnan...20 0 0 Mr. E. J. Murphy . .. .. 20 0 0 Mr. M. Murray .20 0 0 Mr. Neylan.20 0 0 For Three Years. A Friend .20 0 0 Mr. Thomas Boyle.20 0 0 Mr. W. O. McConroy ... 20 0 0 Mr. J. Cavanagh. 20 0 0 Mr. John Dalton ........20 0 0 Mr. James Dillon .. .. .. 20 0 0 Mr John Dillon. 20 0 0 Mr Michael Daffy ...... 20 0 0 Mr. John Daly.10 0 0 Mr. Richard Feehan.. .. . 20 0 0 Mr. James Feehan .. .... 20 0 0 Mr. Maurice Feehan.. .. .. 20 0 0 Mr. Quynn (contractor) .. .. 40 0 0 Mr. John Harney.20 0 0 Mr. Rody Heffernan ....... 20 0 0 Mr. Michael Heffernan ..... 20 0 0 Mr. Patrick Higgins.. .. .. 20 0 0 Mr. John Higgins ..... .. 20 0 0 Mrs. Hennessy .60 0 0 Mr. John McPoyle.20 0 0 Mr. P. Murnane .20 0 0 Mr. John Mooney ....... 20 0 0 Mr. Moran .20 0 0 Mr. George Petty .. .... 20 0 0 Mr. Thomas Ryan.20 0 0 Mr. Edward Scott .. .... 20 0 0 Mr. William Terry.20 0 0 Mr. W. J. Walsh.. 200 0 0 For Four Years. Barry, Rev. Dr..20 0 0 Mr David Barry .. .. . 20 0 0 Mr. F. J. Bury . 20 0 0 Mrs. Brentani .. 20 0 0 Mr. M. Curtain .. 20 0 0 Mr. Jeremiah Crowley .. .. 20 0 0 Mr Devine .. ...... 20 0 0 Dr. Dwyer .. 20 0 0 Mr Alexander Joske .. .. 20 0 0 Mr. John Kenny .20 0 0 Mr. D. Meany ..... . 20 0 0 Mr. Monaghan, Moonee Ponds .. 20 0 0 Mr John Mullaby.20 0 0 Messrs Murphy and Co.20 0 0 Hon. J. O'Shanassy.20 0 0 Peter Hanna ....... .. 20 0 0 HOUSE OF MERCY. It has long beon the earnest desire of the Sisters of Mercy to commence an Institution under the above title, the object of which would be two-fold -first, the protection of distressed young women of good character while out of employment; and secondly, the practical training of such as might be found ignorant in the various household duties which would afterwards enable them to earn a respectable livelihood; for it is well known that many servants leave their situations, not so much for want of merit as from incapacity to fulfil duties in which they unwisely engaged. That such an Institution would be a great public benefit cannot be doubted, therefore the Sisters of Mercy appeal to the charity and generosity of the public, which, they gratefully acknowledge, they have many times experienced, for assistance in the projects undertaking. A plaln substantial building, suited to the purpose, would cost at least 8,000 pounds. As soon at that amount, or nearly, is collected, the building shall be commenced, and under the Divine blessing, will get on rapidly. Donation will be received by the Very Reverend and Reverend the Vlcars-General and clergy; also by the Sisters of Mercy, at the Convent, Nicholson street. The following sums have been already received in aid of the House of Mercy Building Fund : From the Bazaar .. .. .. £260 0 0 His Excellency the Governor.. .. 21 0 0 A Friend, per F. J. Bury, Esq. .. 20 0 0 A Friend, per Mr«. Cooper .. .. 4 0 0 Mr. Lucan, per Very Rev. Dr. Geoghan .. .. .. 1 0 0 The Sisters of Mercy have the pleasure of informing their friends, that the late BAZAAR CLEARED £700. Of that sum £440 has boen paid to Mr. Glynn, as the Iast instalment of his contract for the new school building. £260 remains In bank, being the commencement of a fund for the erectlon of the much desired House of Mercy. Convent of Mercy, February 7, I859. "VfOTICB.-Ali persons aro hereby CAUTIONED JL> against PAYING TIMOTHY GAuLAGIIffii any Bums of MONEY on my account, as liolsn-.it .uihorlseil to receive tho samo, and has left my employ. ' ' KIOHARD HARNEY, 100 Ellzabolh-stroot. February 6._ TaJOTIOE.-I havo DECLINED to REOEIVS .Li MONEY or ORDERS for Richard Harney slnci tho 21st of January, 1869 ; but all orders will bo puno -utily atiuided to and monoy received on my ova account at No. 2 Collins-street, Melbourne. T. GALLAGHER. Melbourne, February 6. NOTICE. - The PARTNERSHIP hitherto sub- sisting between the undersigned, under the style of Plock and Kohler, is this day, DISSOLVED, by mutual consent. ADAM PLOCK. FRANZ KOHLER. Witness - Duncan Carter. February 7, 1859. PUBLIC NOTICE.-Mr. WHITE, of Whlto and Dickson, nccouutants, PROCEEDS to MARY- BOROUGH on bUBinosB to-morrow, and will be happy to attend to any commissions entrusted to him. 4 Collins-street west, Melbourne, Fobruary 7, I860. STEVENS' PATENT REVOLVING STAMPERS. Wo hereby glvo notice, that wo have obtained from tho patentees the EXCLUSIVE RIGHT In Melbourne of MANUFACTURING ¿TAMPER! according to their patent. Any parties Infringing said patent right will be Immediately prosecuted by the patentees. JAMES F. DOW and Co. P.S.-We hat o also tho right to manufacture them for any part of the colony._ TKALE'S, COOPER'S, and COLE'S BONDED Bl ORES.-Holders of certificates of goods lo. either of the above stores, on which six months* BENT is DUE, are informed that unless the same li PAID on or bcfoio Fibrunry IO, the OOODS will bo fcOLD, accoidlug to Actof Council. GOODMAN TEAM!, Proprietor. THE PAItTMER^HIPhlthertosubsIsUncbitvieu WILLIAM FRASER AIKJH8 and DAVID j MITH, in the business carried on under the styl» lett I itle of Atkins and Smith, wheelwright! ud black i mitha, Moonee Ponds, han this day been D13 ! IOLYED by mutual consent. All debt» du» to the aldjflrm, aro to be paid to and all liabiUtles of tho said firm will be discharged by the said W. F. Aikins. W. F. AIKINS. DAVID SMITH. Witness— John Fraser. Moonee Ponds, December 6,1858. THE PARTNERSHIP hitherto existing under the style or firm of KAY and STEWART, Australian family sewing-machine manufacturers and patentees, has this day been DISSOLVED by mutual consent, The business will be hereafter carried on by JOSHUA ALEX. KAY. Dated Melbourne, February 1,1859. P.S. Not responsible after this date for any machines unless with maker's name plate upon them. Product, Provisions, &c.; ADELAIDE FLOUR on SALE Magarey's Crown and other brands. W. Lawrance, 43½ William- street. ADELAIDE FLOUR and BRAN now landing and on SALE. Smither and Clark, Queen- street. ALWAYS on SALE, FLOUR, Oats, Bran, Barley. J. P. Dalrymple, 60 Flinders-street west. BARLEY, Barley, the cheapest and best food for horses. R. Simpson, importer, 81 Flinders- street, Wharf. BUTTER, finest Wollongong, on SALE. James Hemphill and Co., 61 Queen-street. BRAN, Maize, Gram, and Oats on SALE. W. Lawrance, 43½ William street. BRAN.— Adelaide BRAN on SALE, landing this day ex Burra Barra. W. Lawrance, 43½ Wil- liam-street. CALCUTTA OATS, a prime sample, ready for de- livery, on SALE. Smither and Clark, Queen- street. COLONIAL SEED OATS and Seed Barley now on SALE. N. M'Lean, 11 Swanston-street. FLOUR, Adelaide, Tasmanian, Haxall, and Chilian, on SALE. W. Lawrance, 43½ William-street. GRAM.— New GRAM on SALE, ex Sunderland and Adelicia, splendld samples. Smither and Clark, Queen-street. GRAM, 100 tons, for SALE, cheap. T. J. Levy? 27 Flinders-lane west. HAY, for shipment, picked sample, pressed, oaten and Lucerne, on SALE. Thomas Wright, im- porter, Swanston-street. HOPS.— Best new Kent HOPS, 1858, on SALE. Melchior and Co., Flinders-lane. MAIZE.— Prime samples whole and cracked Sydney MAIZE. Smither and Clark, Queen- street. MALT.— Pale English HOPS, 1858 growth, On SALE. T. J. Laby, 27 Flinders-lane west. MESS BEEF.— 60 tierces, ex Great Britain, now landing Miles, Kington, and Co., 97 Flinders- lane west. OATS, Californian, Danish, Irish, and Scotch, picked samples. Smither and Clark, Queen- street. OATS, a splendid sample of Danish, guaranteed equal to colonial. Smither and Clark, Queen- street. OATS.— Hayes's and Maybury's black OATS on SALE. W. Lawrance, 43 Willam-street. POLLARD and WHEAT, now landing, for fowls' food. Lowest rates. Smither and Clark, Queen- street. PROVISIONS, now landing, on SALE, by the undersigned,— Hams, York and Irish, Compton's Bacon, York, middles and bellies, Compton's Do., Cumberland Cheese, Cheddar, loaf, and North Wilts, Comp- ton's Do., broad Cheddars. MILES, KINGTON, and Co , 97 Flinders-lane west. POTATOES, a prime sample, sound, on SALE. Thomas Wright, 143 Swanston-street. POTATOES, excellent samples, direct from the grower, on SALE, at John Wilson's, 59 Flinders- street west. RICE, Patna, the only good sample in market, Sutherland and Bailey, 26 Flinders-lane west. RICE, Patna, Java, and Carolina on SALE. Charles Watson, 19 Flinders-lane west. E1 SALT, fine and coarse, in store. Charles Watson, 19 Flinders-lane west. SALT.— Coarse Liverpool SALT, now landed. Smith, Merry, and Co., 19½ Queen-street. SEEDS. Seeds. Seeds.— The undersigned have received a shipment of the following SEEDS, in splendid condition :— Perennial ryegrass Italian do. White clover Red do Yellow do Lucerne Timothy. FILSON and DALZELL, 24 A'Beckett-street. WHEAT.— Adelaide WHEAT on SALE. W. Lawrance, 43½ William-street. WOLLONGONG BUTTER, now landing, for BALE, T. J. Laby, 27 Filndors-lano west. Maoblnery. EER'ENGINEa, Splr t-Fountains, Force and Lift Pumps. M'Kay, plumber and gasfitter, 79 itetn-stroot. CHIHNEY-BWBEPING-MAOHINE8, on SALS, at Waltor Powell and Oi.'s, 7 Swanston-stroet. 7" X Magna Bona, 102 a ise-i Richmond and Chandler' U CUASÏ MACHINES, Oat Crushers, Malt Ililli j. iunowing Machines, patont Sack Holders, Ploughs, Ac. Lev loka and Piper, wholesale Ironmongers, l18 filnders-lano weat. §7IIRS"T CLASS AGRICULTURAL MACHINERY L by M'Oartuey and Drummond, Ayrshire, icotland, Tlireshing-machines. S, 8, and 4 hone power, with or without dresBliig-maoulnoi Winnowing-machines, 1st and 2nd prizes Oat-bruisors, chaffcuttora, hand-churns, ploughs, harrows, &c.; Tho nndorslgjod havo always on band a largo assort- ment of tho above machinery, which has hitherto iv en tho highest satisfaction, bolng made to order \prossly for this colony. MOODIE and GIBB, junction of Flemington and yilnoy roads, Molbaurno. N.B. Machines repaired, »t moderate oharges. -fcyf ANGLE.-For SALE, aflrst-tate BOX MANGLE, lix equal to any patont. 160 Liltlo Bourke-streot last._\\_'__ ! là/f ArtStTlKLD and HfS>vm"3 (Vlotorta Lector. J JW Patent) Improved TRES and STUMP EX- TRACTOR, patented Soptembor 0, 1868.-The pro ¡irlet.r» and authorised agants are now prepared to [iccelve ordors for the above maoblno, all complete, : »eady for operation. AU partlcultrs eau be ascer- tained upon application at Mansfield and Hewitt's omeo, 1374 Ellzabeth-atreot. Manufactory, 9 A'Bockett street. _ MACHI N Ë R ÍVl 40 horse power hlgh-prassuro horizontal sta- tionary steam-engine, wlthJOornlsh boiler 18-horse power engine, with tubular boiler, and flour-mil!, with two pair» French burr-stones 20 and 60 horse power high-pressure horizontal engines, each with revorslng gear and flag boiler 20 and 36 horse power hlgh-pressuro horizontal stoam-englnos, with largo double-fiued bollon and Iron tunnels 26-horse power horizontal engine, with pump] and gear, and set of extra pumps 18-horse power hlgh-pres-uro horizontal eta ' tionary engine, cornish boiler 10-horse powor blgb-pressure onglno, tubular locomotive boiler 6, 8, and 10 horse power portable englnos Quartz-stamping machines, Chilian mills Cornish bollon Pomps and other mining apparatus Ploughs ; winnowing, combined thrashing and dressing, and screening maohlnes, ojra orushers. R. TOWNS and Co., 26 Willlam-atreet._ DTT SALE, by the undersigned, Two horizontal steam-ongiues, 16-horse poMMr, with boilers complete > Two qnartz-crnshlog machlnos, with five Btampors, driving gear, and Bpare stamper, completo One 80-horse power hlgh-preisuro engine, com- plete. Tbo auovo engine» aro manufactured by Measr», :iionwon, Hall, Catto, and Co , Aberdeen. LEVIOKS and PIPER, wholesale ironmongers, l18 rimdors-lano west._ OH SALE, by the underaltrned, the following ' AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS: Nina-horao powor portable englues, Iron wheels, patent BXIOB Eight-horse power patent portable stoam-onglne Improved thrashing and dressing machines, fitted with Bolder'« patent corn-dressing machlnory Two-hone portublo tbrashi/Jg- maohlue« Thrco-horse do Dresslng-maoblnes Patont Blngle-blaat fiuishiug-machine, with bes iniproveuioiits Portable grindlng-miU, with French stones, Jtc. Ohaircutters Tivo-horsc ploughs, with extra mountings, sockets, cnultore, and wheel-fitters Roller-mills acd pulloyB Oue patent endless band saw-frame, with ali the usual fittings Improved horsu-drawlng gear, with Intermediate motion, &c;, connecting shafts and. Joints oomplate Olio largo double-roller boue-mlll, with revolving riddle, Ac, complote One sbigle-rollor mill, with riddloand fly-wheel Lawn-mowers Washing-machines. All from the boBt manufacturers, Including Mestrs. Hay ton, Shuttlewolth, and Co., John Gray and Co., -c. CLEVE BROTHERS and Co., 80 Quoon-street outil, f _ Dfi SALE, now Ittidiug ex llatfltland, ouo of Guy- ton, Shuttleworth, and Co.'s 10-horso power inilzontol STEAM-ENGINES, and two Improved lointiincd tube and (lue Boilers, complete with every tictasaij Utting, togotber with a limber-Carriage, or conveying the above up country if required. ti ILES, K? SPION aud Co., »7 flinders-lane waH. DN SALE, by the undersigned, Or,o Uarl. mill Uno. liijo-i pHtttlng machine. Al-,o, tnnle for tradeo' live. t ,', 1LÍ.1AÜ SkUTU, 66 QolUus-atreot cast. PUMPS, lift and force, single and double action, if to 4 inob, guaranteed. Maclean and Bill, ri¡ Rourke-strcst weat. ÖRTABLE ENGINE, 10 horse] power, by Olaytoa and Shuttleworth ; Crab Winches, QuirtC Btampers, Chilian Mills, Vertical Saw Frames, ita,« proved Saw Table ; Derrick Cranes, Hender«» »'s» ( ti and 8 tong. Carron Yard, 72 Flindor»-l»ne east. . STEAM-ENGINES. MACHINE Bl, at'ij ' Tho andersigned li wo hoon Appointed SOLE AGENTS In those colonie» 1 for the BALE of , í i criii.OLAYTON, SHUTTLEWORTH, snd Co.. ' THRASHING-MACHINES, . Portable and Flxod STEAM-ENGINES, Suitable for Mining and Agricultural Purpow«. j (The engines and machinery made by those ciljÇ ! orated maker« are admirably adapted for windi air« pumping, and crashing, having all the latest improve« nients. They havo been fitted In England ready a li completo for use, and the coat tor aetttng will ha ' trifling. ;We Invite the Inspection of buyers to our «loot <[om the above firm, which will bo continually svujrt unented by monthly shipment». I 'All order» for the same will be punctually aM I *s\idedto. " '. Pumps always on sale. /W. and J. GRIPE, Bourko-itreet, next The»«* Boyal, Me! ¡tourne. I mHRASHING-MAOHINKS, improved de,crlp. o*. 4- °i Clayton and Shuttleworth, n iw landing. r?" i »nd J. Gripe, Bourke-atreet._ rpHREE HORSE power THRASHING-MAOHIcf« X and FANNERS, by Smith, or Glasgow. Carran; Y td,72Flinders-lanoeait* ' w?_. " . .* j fiduoationai. . BRIGHTON.-MIs» Hay's BOARDING KSTirf ' BL18HMENT OPENS on Monday, 7th Fobr*j[ I ary. Beach-road, Brighton._ éBianTON, Wilton Villa, Devonshire-road.-2 ( Miss Sloper'» YOUNG LADIES ASSEMBLE» ; Tuesday, February 1._t EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTE for YOUNG LW f DIES, Basden Villa, Caulfield. Apply to P.'O« , essor Damm, Post ofHco, St. Kilda._' i , "Ï71FGLI8H LITERATURE, History, Geograph* , JEJ Writing. Evening Classes for ladies. Apply. *£, 01 BouverUMtroot, North Melbourne._ E' VENING CLASSES, for Ladles. Private lesiona ! in tho afternoon. 20 RusicU-Btreet, ne te, FHuders-Iano. ' J' *" J. GRIFFITH^ PROFESSOR of MU/ld , Teachor of the Violin, Pianoforte, einging, *» For terms appiy at 16 Collins-street east._ ¡ LÂDIÊTând GENTLEMEH TAUGHT RIDI«!!*? ! by Mr. George Lewis, Cremorne Gardens. Gnats of terms on application._~ B. DKNNING'S SELECT CLASBEa fíe ! DANCING, Deportment, Drilling, and Calista»« ! nfo exerolsea, at the Protestant Hall._' ( isa ARCH EB, who takes a limited numbsr of¡ r 1 young ladle« to instruct In English, French«.' music, singing, and drawing, has now a VAOANOr, I ? fo'r three. Apply Viotorla-parade, corner Gore« «troet._ TJAKK HOCSE, Brunswick.-Educational ustâV ' IT blishmont for Young Ladle»' conducted by Mil« Kelly.-The PIANO and SINGING TAUGHT Ujr ' Situs Hutchinson who is forming Binglng- classes tee i two evenings in the week, at which Miss Kelly will ka i happy to see any lady who may wish to avail herself . «f the opportunity of learning to »ing in part»._ / iI>OSAKNA HOUSE, Heidelberg.-Miss Btawart'S j XV CLA8BE8 A83EMBLE on Monday, January St* i VUcanclea for a few boarders. j S""ir; MARK'S COLLEGIATE SOHOOtji Maoquario Fields, near Livorpool, ¡ Sydney, N. S. Wales. ' 1 " Fido et Opera." ( f Visitors and Examiner». f Rev John Woolley, D O.L., ' I Prinolpal of Sydney University, lato Fellow o' f University College, Oxford. ( I MorrlB Birkbr-ok Pell, Esq, B.A., ' | Professor of MathematUB and Natural Philosophy * the University of Sydney, late Fellow of Se. Joh¿g .College, Cambridge. ,? Principal, . ; IRev. GEORGE FAIRKOWL M'ARTHUR, The untlro management and discipline of Use eohieeT Ia, under tho immediate personal direction of H rta Principal, who 1B assisted in every branch by ..vat, ' ampio stiff of resident and non-resident masters. I ' ' Subject» of Instruction included In the Foes. ' I , , 1. Classics-Latin and Greek. ",' ; 'I. Malhomatloa. ") 8\. Kngllsa language. > > 4. French language. , i 5.. German language. r , 6. Biblical literature and Divinity. J < 7\. History, ancient and modern ( , 8. Geography, ancient and modern ? I i O. NaturU ictonoea. At j 10. Kxpsrlmental sciences. I II. Chural singing. : , i < Scale of Fee». \ S AU fees mott be paid quarterly, in advance. Por one pupil.>? .. £70peranuua{ ,Fbr two puptls(belng brothers), each 60 ,, ' For three or moro pupils (being bro- ' I ! tbeis), each.65 " I I .-Tho above fees are .exclusive of any charge willett ?ney arise during residence for medical ad vic J »£, { SBB-JIntno. j Books end stationery are supplied, and «rill ha 1 oharg«d for at tbe lowest pricos for which they can tis «btatiied. 1 Extra Subjects (optional), involving Extra Fee«. . I « PerQuartu« ' ¡ .' 1. Music-Pianoforte .. ..£4 4 0 1 , S. Drawing. " 2 t 0) < I . i, 8 Dnnoing or drill. 1X0 [ In reference to the abovo extra subjects, the P.in- ¡ ctpal will gUdly afford every faolllty to those pupils . who may deslro to take lessons;but they must bo sa I .rritiig«d us not to interrupt the ordinary course auf i i provided for lu the time-table. 1 Requirements. Em.li pupil must bring with bim two white conn« teepine*, turee pairs or sheets, three plHow-cassa* , tym pj ira , f blankets, one pillow, six towol«,itogetU9c i I with an ample supply of such clothing as will enabiaf * bim at ull limes toinalutain bis appearanco asa youaf* ' tfeutluman. 'Urtu .ii tlclo or clothing and bedding must be o'.eirI»/| marked with the pupil'» namo In lull. ' Vacations. I Midsummer.Five weeks. j KsHter .. .Ono week. ; Midwinter. .. Four woeks Michielwa«.One week. As a rule, no pupil will he allowed to loavo school duriug tho usual torms. The vacations afford evecjr , r»a«onablo opportunity for family re-unlons, and say; Interruptions hoionJ these will prove prejudicial. , { Residence during Vacation». In the ovent of any pupil desiring, either for con« venlcuco or Improvement, to remain in rostjenosf* during a lung vacation, such prlvllogo will bo coa« oodbd ¡ every onci urugemont shall he given, and toa: ooustaut attundauco of a rosidont tutor shall be -nada available-, nut at such times no studies will bet oiaotel. Fur thin advantage, an extra oharge of tari; founds for each vucitioii passed in resldonce will be made, i Notice of Removal. Threo months' notloo to bo given in writing to tatt. Principal prior to tho removal of any pupil ; n failure of which oni quarter's fee will bo demanded. 1 AfliniBhion. Application« to be marlo to tho Rev. GEORGE PJ M'AKTIIUK, Macquarie Fields, near Livorpool, Syd- ia> noy; or to UOIJEKl' WILLAN, Esq., Holbourne. " UNIVERSITY of MELBOURNE_The Council of the Uiiivur-iL) h ive recoutly adopted an ALTS BATI0N, n theSlATUTES, under whioh Stu lo its I urmblö tu attend tho University lectures, can bo ad», 1 mlaed ta Decree* hy pissing the proscribed examina.«! 1 tiou», tuduits will, in future, be divided Into those st» tending, and Umnennt attending, lcotures, and wl l bat required, at matricula'lou, to enrol their names in oat or other of thee chuso», and will not, during any y«Mr, ho permltte I to r em >ve themselves from ta* sne ela« to tno < thor without spécial leave of tua; Coum.il Boin clnsdot nf students are required to pass a in»'. tilcuUuun «a il-intlou and threo annual oxamlnt« tiona before they can ha adraittod to the degrouot H.A. Hie no\t matriculation examination will be held otxf the 83rd nu 1 24sli i f February next. Person« desiring further Information may apply H tho Bigiatrar itthu University._ WHITING -Mr. Nerdh»m has returned and ra« «umeil his CLASSES at 10 Brunswick-street*! Colltnar» no 1 *. ~* -Ti MONEY iminidlKtoiy ADVANCED upon deposit of deeds of fro hold houso andlandod property for abort poriod-i, at current rates, 2,000 to Ion.!, at? 10 nor COT , upon oil) property , und 6,0O0Z. to lo id. »tuiwu-ut (ums from 101 and upwards Invostef tip -u iiiidontablo freehol I property, without risk or? triiuliiq to theliimlkr, returning» very remunerativo ititi root Property x auld on commission. EiUtoa tuan iL't.d, and no < ommisslon cha god uniese » sale lil efiectid. W. Gardinor, ostate agent, 60 Queen-street, Ma» bourne OflOE - Ihe following puntos have been »p* nointul AGI VIH for Tun Anaus. and »reí nulhorn ed tu u.ll«.t ill moneys and reooivo orden, for the paper »ml tor advertisements in their sevenaS loealttioa: i TOWN ANO suitimna. Charlwood and bon .. .. Bourko-streot. J. J. W t h «-.vouer.. - 2d9 Ulzaboth-street. QordoniHud (Jou.h .. .. Colltns- Btreot west. A. T. Boot .. .. u Collingwood. Jiw-ph Duke, Brmw-'i-lr-st... Collingwood. J. ftptlin, Gt rtriKlf-ftreot .. Collingwood. 3\. Moss, iit.ni lied Linn .. Hawthorne, B, «ml w.iury, Poùt-itlici . 1 lemington. \- Chapman .. .. .. Emerald HdL, ' Baavtci Dunno, Park street.. South llolbourn M. 6. lelhrd _ .. .. Satidrldgo. W. Arnit .Bt. KUda. Jsmioo Ait t. en .. " " Brighton. Kd»«rd B. Ii.ylor v. " South Yarr». \- Watson" .. .. ., Prahran. B'ewrrtnrd Carrick .. " WtlllaiiiBtown. HJWIH and rtn'e .. .. Tho Gap. > COUNTRY Cox »nu Koutlidge .. .. Heathcote. Artbiluld Curie .. " Mount Ararat. Cox and li nilli ilgo ., .. Rushworth. Xnunii» Burrow B .. .. Alberton. < John Howell, Hindloy-itreet Adelaide. Collu) »udJanbtuaii.. .. Bacchus Marsh. A. Wortley - _ Brunswio A. 0. Brunig " .. - Ballaarat. Qoarge Lyou.tjuochworth. K. Atkinson " .. .-. Warrnambool. J. F. Hunt " .. .. Belfast. B.Uurle -.Castlemaine. Qeorgo Chaffey « .. Casterton. D. Q Jonen, Deniliquin .. Edward River. Hy. Frank«, Mulop-st. west Geelong. T. Robertson ... ' -. .? Kyneton. A. Stillman .. .. .. Kilmore. -, , G. Bpiftr .Launceston. , » Rob Scott, . .. ¡.. Lockwood, i ' . ., a. W. jRineh .. .. " Linton'B. .._¡, N 