ARRIVAL OF GERMAN MASONS. On Saturday evening last, about four p.m., tbe ship Olympia anchored ia Hobson's Bay with about 250 Ger man masons and their families on board, a second instalment of tho number imported by tho contractors for employment on the Melbourne and Mount Alex ander Line of Railway. Wo are informed that imme diately on their arrival, Mr Lippmann, Mr Bruce 's agent, boarded the vessel with a clerk aud a number of'copies of the agreement prepared to bo signed by the men. He appears however to have beon antici pated by the operative masons, whose agents ara said to have boarded the vessel same two hours previously, and to have distributed copies of an address in French and German. A meeting having beeu held on tbo sabjcct, by the time Mr Lippmann arrived tho men were in a high Btale of excitement, and refined to sign the agreement. Mr Lippmann withdrew, and it is stated despatched four hogsheads of ale, a large quantity of cigars, und various refreshments to tbe vessel. By this time tbe Masons' Society, having heard of Mr Lippman's visit, and haviug also become cognizint of the intended despatch of cigars and ale, sent n. deputation to the vessel, who caulioncd the immigrants against Mr Bruca'a agent, and expounded to them the eight hours question, &c.; On Sunday at nocn, a second deputation was sent to the Germans, and some twenty or t hirty of their num ber wero reaaoved to the Trades' Hall. This removal was, it seems, resisted, and a signal was hoisted for the attendance of the water police. On their arrival they were requested to guard tho Bhip — that is, as was understood, neither to permit any depntation to come on board, hor any of the immigrants to leave. As the captain declined to interfere, tho police, having no authority to net in the matter, left the ship, and tho deputation of maaonB departed with about thirty of the immigrants. It has Bince been stated, though we cannot vouch for the authority, that of the 250 nominal masons who havo arrived, 50 are Danish quarrymen, 18 French quarrymen, and 33 Piedmontese miners, and not above 50 of the number actual stone dressers. It appears that in Hamburg the whole number signed as mason-! ; but iu Germany the term 'mason' has a much wider signification than in England or in this colony. The man who fills in a timber framed homo with stone or plasters it, is called a mason. It ia further stated that Mr Bruce is so dissatisfied with tbe few whose services he has already secured by the last vessel, that he 'flow-demands a trial of fourteen diys with each mason before engaging him. Tbe followiug is a translation of tha conditions signed in Hamburg by the masons arrived in the Olympia : — Conditions by which Messrs Cornish and Bruoe, ia Mel bourne, contractors of tlio Melbourno aud Sandhurst Itaihvuy, through their accredited agent, Mr Julius Lipp ma/iii, (then iu Hamburg) engage a number of stone masons for the above railway. 1\. Tho outlay for the passage, which generally lasts 81 days, as well as tlio expenses for fitting up the ship anil for provisions, which amount to 130 tlialers, will be advanced to the masons by the contractors, aa well as to the needy, the fare to Ham'burg. They engaging to repay ssid sums in fortnightly instalments of li! tluilers, out of their wage.i. 2\. Tlio stonemasons will be in the commencement, en gaged at daily wage3, and tho amount of earno for contract time, will bo :- t!is. 3 Bc^r. Experienced m sons will havo the privilege, after fame time, to take work by the job, by which they will bo able to earn from 5 to (i ths. per day. 3\. Tho length of contract is for 1H months, or 170 working days. Tho working day consist! of 10 hours, from G a.m. to 0 p.m., allowing two hours for breakfast and dinner. 4\. The laborer will have to nourish himself. However, if lie desires it, tho company will 11ml him in salubrious and their customary lodging with good f«od, deducting therefore daily 1 th. 1 sbr. 5\. Only healthy, able bodied men, who can prove that they arc qualiticd stonemasons, and possessed of the requisite documents {passport to Australia), will he engaged. .Mar ried men will be allowed to tiilie their families if they can afford to pay for cach adult 93 ths., and for every eliild from 1 to 10 yearn, 42 J tlis. Advances for families will ou no account be made by the company. ti. Tho laborer further binds himself to contribute, weekly, the sum of 5 fbgr. towards a fund for medical comforts i.nd attendance. 7\. It is Ucs.rable that cach laborer should bring his own tools, whioh will be sharpened, improved, and l:opt in good order by the contractors during the time of labor. The sto':e tn bo worked is a rpocimen of lava, similar to that liroken ia the neighborhood of Andernaeh. 8\. The climate of Australia, whero the railway is being cohstructci1, is one of the most wholesome, and not wariiier tlrin iu Southern Frame or Upper Italy. !). Annexed ia. a Iieport of what a laborer can earn and »uve. Ths. Thi. The wages for 18 inintUs or 518 days, out of which there aro -I/O working days, at 3 ths. 3 sqr.. makes ... ... 1417 Deduct thcrrfrom— Advances by the company for exponcos ... 130 Of voyage to Hamburg, included ,.. 5 Food and lodging, if such aro given by the c unpany for 548 days, at 1 th. 1 sbq. ... 3GC8 Contribution towards sick lund for 18 months, at 5 ebg, ... ... 13 | Deduct I.,' 711. J Itcraaini . ... 742.22 Does tbo laborer, at tho end of contract, wish to return, the passage costs ... 100 Ho must furthermore pay ... ... 142.22 Dsduct ... 242.22 Consequently he still retains ... Ths. S00 Which ho would be ablo to take home in two years. Whoever fsels inclined to sign this contract on the above conditions, will address to Messrs Von Maener and Co., Cattle Market, No 73. The first expedition Btarte.l at tho commencement ef this month, aud tho sccoud will most likely start on the 31st proximo. (Signed) Julius Limh-ihn. Hamburg, July, 1653. 