MENTAL CULTURE. ' THERE are a variety of dialects spoken in England t of .these in tbeir place; bot tbeohanges which:tbe En. glish language has undergone since its birth are trace- able to four sources, Conquest, Commerce, Immigration and Imitation. Conquest: A gradual coalition of the' language spoken by tbe conquerors, with that of the conquered bas ever taken plaoe. By referring to British history it will be found that tho English . language has undergone moro alteration from this reason than from any of tho others. We have but on imperfect account of Great' Britain before the time of the Christian era. Caesar' 'and' Tacitus affirm it was peopled 'from Gaul, in support of which they adduce a similarity of religion, manners',-customs, amusements, &o.; Assuming then that the Gaulic or Celtic was tho original language of tho " country, it-would follow that the first great mutation was tho result of tbe Roman invasion. Julius Caesar did not entirely subjugate tho island, but compelled the Britons ;to ' acknowledge . his-'"'power by paying tribute, end taking hostages to Rome. - During-tho reign of Claudian A.D.; 40, tho southern parts of tho island : were made a Roman Province, hud tho oolony planted near Maldon in Essex. Finally;'tho whole island -was' conquered in the time of Domitian; iihdp.r Julius Agri. cola, save that a portion of the people fled norosB the western mountains and settling in Wales; preserved intact, their --language. ' Thus Britain continued for near 400 years a Roman Province, and it may naturally be inferred,"that many Romans, composing their legions, and' filling various state offices,- must have lived in Britain, and governed by Roman laws, written in Latin, a mixture of languages would result, and a jargon com- posed of Provincial Latin and Celtic would be spoken. About A.D. 443, tho Roman forces were called home,"on' account of intestine troubles, and tho Picts and Scots descended from the north; "In order to suppress these, the aid of tho Saxons was solicited. ' The latter'came, and routing'tbo northmen, in a sanguinary battle near Stamford, in Lincolnshire, received tho Isle of Thanet, from Vortigern, the British King, as a reward' for their' -services. Vortigern afterwards married Miss Hengist, settled the County of Kent upon the bride's father, from whence, when afterwards wished, the Saxons could never be re- moved ; for they, sensible of the fruitfulness of Britain, invited hundreds of their countrymen to come and 'par- take of their good fortune, and finally succeeded in grasping tbe sovereign power, and parcelled the kingdom out into seven divisions, well-known as the Saxon Hep- tarchy. Now we have a mixture of Celtic and Latin, and the Saxon predominant. " About 800, the Danes began to infest the north and eastern, parts of the country, and afters vigorous struggle of nearly 200'years, arrived at the government, which, however, they did not maintain more than 50 years, and therefore tho Anglo- Saxon tongue made no considerable .'alteration; but, of course, this last inroad had some effect in producing a compound language of Gothic, Celtic, Anglo-Saxon, Pro- vincial, Latin,; and Danish. A.D, 1007, came William Duke of Normandy, and the country conquered, remained under the Norman yoke for 350 years. The Normans tried their best to change tho language, by compelling the natives to teach their children nothing but Norman French, in the schools, in which tongue all laws were promulgated, and all law suits, deeds,, conveyances, and public documents, rigorously commanded to be written and executed. But the- sturdy Saxons did not so readily bow to tho dictates of their haughty conquerors, and although many phrases must have crept in, still the native language maintained the precedence, and formed tho foundation of the present structure. The next source of change is from commerce. The English have long been a trading nation, and in the intercourse with - foreign countries, the names of commodities-are derived principally from the language of tho' nation who export them. Now we have-had a large stock of words-grafted on to the parent stock, by means of commerce ; princi- pally through tho agency of the Italian, as Venice was the chief trading port, for nearly- 300 years; and besides,-as England was under the See of Rome in ecclesiastical matters, a great many Italians coming over to manage the Pope's affairs, and' natives going- to rome, on account of snits in canon law, church digni- ties, priesthoods, etc, it follows that many Italian words must invariably have been brought in.- -With respect to immigration-for more than a thousand years foreigners had been pouring into England through conquest. Added to this, even- in more settled times many of our Kings selected- their court favourites from- tho ranks of outsiders, who, no doubt, brought many more in their' .train. Each country would, introduce a phrase or so of its own, whioh useand time made current.. As to ad di ion, our language has received no inconsiderable im'V tation from th»-source. Tho- learned have adopted al most all technical terms inert and science from the .Greek and Latin, for the sako of. eleganoe. !Tho fashionables havo imported occasional supplies. ;frorreFrance, Spain, Italy,.and Germany, chi. fly gleaned during thoir travels. Courtiers, -who .in. général prefer - what is foreign, havo framed roany words of an extremely polite ohnraoter. The edification from oil tho' Bources named, would of course ocenpy time. The change from barbarous to polished ha» been gradual: liba the oak, the emblem of British, hearts, slow of growth,.but per- manent in duration, wo receive now ideas with caution, and when onoe received we do not oasily submit to their being taken from us. It is- interesting to observe how a . word'makes its way into our language. ' The people ore too conservativo to receive the new expression,.till it has run through a preliminary, course,.and has thus become rcsptctabU by familiar usa.. Many words.oommenco as a-. kind of slong,.and aro not to be found ici any. dictionary for perhaps .half a century,, tho words mob-, and bore for instanoe. .French words, too.beoomo naturalised, suoh. as "bagatelle," "Aid-ds-camp," "nonchalance," "pres- tige," " protegee.V and o, host of others. . With- respect to our various dialects, or brogues, as- - they aro termed, not only is the foreigner perplexed, but the natives a'so-that is,.a native of somo-of tho mid- land counties often finds it difficult to understand the conversation of a native from-'some of the eastern or ; northern or western. For example, the peculiar ver ¡nacular of the lower classes, of Yorkshire would puzzle a Londoner, and tho eame may be said of Lancashire, and thenao north to- the Cheviot hills. Tho construc- tion of the Englishi language, in having ono word apply- ' ing lo various objeots, must bo truly perplexing to the foreign Btudent, as in tho word box, whioh may signify a blow on tho head,, or a house, or a seat on tho outside of a coach, or the hood of a steamboat paddlo, a kind of wood, n. reoeptaale for Bnulf, ¿co. Then particular, a-tton tioa must bo paid to number, gender, and caso, or bo will commit the some error as the poor . fellow who. .was driving : a loaded animal, over a narrow bridgo, and somehow tho creature wont into the stream, and being carried away rapidly by the ? ourrent, he sung out, "stop her, stop hex, she hastia small wife, and one-children." ,'. . Notwithstanding tho various mutations and addition", till tho tongue hos aoquired such a degree of copiousness and strength, as shewn in tho. polished style of various authors, during the past three centurion ; still' it will bo found that tho Saxon is tho basis of the English tongue. The language contains about 00,000 words» of theso about 88,000, or nearly five-eight*, are of Saxon . origin. To illustrate the Saxon predominancy we may instance a passage from the book of Genesta, containing : 130 words-Saxon 190, not Saxon 0 ; ditto from Milton of 90 words-Saxon 74, not Saxon 17 ; ShakeBpere 81 words- 08 Saxon, not Saxon 13 ; and so wo might go on. . To shew further that the aonstruotion and idiomatic char- acter of our tongue is baBed upon tho Anglo-Saxon, we have only, to point out tho foot that what few in flec- tions we have are all detived therefrom. The compara- tivo of adjectives, «rand est, tho verbs am,, be, are, was, have, shall, ¿co.; prepositions and conjunctions, and ad. verbs, aro Anglo-Saxon. The Bame is illustrated by the nomenclature of tho bulk of English localities. Abing- ton, Ab a contraction of Abbot-hence Abbotstown. . Burgh, Bury, Borough-burg a rook'or mount,- as Edin- burgh, éso. . -Whilst abstroat and general terms aro de rived from other souroes, special terms aro Saxon. Thus, íoMíid is of Litin root, but to elaBh, orush, hisB, rosr, rattle, olatter, ¿co., are Saxon. Crime is of Latin root, but murder, kill, steal, ¿co., are Saxon. Colour, Latin; but white, black, green, ¿co., are Saxon. TheBo instanoos, Bolooled ; from a large mass whioh it were easy to produce, tend to provo the position that tho. Saxon is tho prominent, featuro in the English language. There are a . few words whioh ore oomporatively unohangod., Thus sacfc, a bag. Tho Hebrew, Ohaldoo Gaelic, Frenob, Swedish, Gorman, and Wolsh all write a noar nppronoh to our English form. The mutation of our tonguo, BO far from being a dofeot is an advantage. .Some of tho European. nations labour to prevent tho > introduction of now and foroign words into thoir ordinary speech. Not so with ourselves. Wo pick up, naturalise, and maka good use of any form of oxprosaion, as we do any ! fact of'soionoo whioh suits our tasto or our nooossitios. And thus hos tho English tonguo continu, -ally extended its boundaries. Tho result is tho pro. dilation of a nervous, beautiful, and unsurpassed liter«, turo. To And tho progroBB we havo made, ono need only consult some old book, and tho obango from roughnoss to tho roAnement of our tinta is at onco manifest. ~_ ¡ SA0KVILLE. iiTixn A TETE.-The correspondence between Slr Franois Head and Frnnoo's Head.-Punch. " MINUTE PHILOSOPH v.-A Gorman «avant has counted, . thu hairs on four heads of different colours. He found . ia a' blond 140,400 distinct hairs, in a brown 100,44.0, iu m blftok 103,000, and in n rod 88,740. 