ABSTRACT OP SALES BY AUCTION ' THIS DAY. Messrs. MACKILLOP and COOKK.-At their rooms Ships' stoves, Bhlps' lanterns, brooms, books, household furniture, immigrants' boxes, hops. Messrs. SYMONS and FERRT.-At their rooms Quick and white thorn, fruit-trees, flower-roots, bulbj, oTergrcens, seeds. Messrs. W. M. TBHNENT and Co.-At .their rooms Tho Wellington Hotel, White Hills, Sandhurst; fruit-trees, shrubs, evergreen», o.e. ; Salt's ale. 2Tr. A. G. M'COMBB.-At his rooms-Cocoa and other mats, paporhanglngs, cocoanut flbro mat- ting, books, stationery, ongravinga, footballs, looking-glasses, water-coolers, plek-handlos, long \- handled shovols, raisins, Danish oats, groceries, arsenic, Colt's rovolvor, Wollongong buttor, woolpacks. Mcisrs. S. GRAHAM and Co.-At their rooms ¡"Carpenters'benches, scaffold trestles, tools, jire «onred fish, porter, Indian curry ; also unrodcomed pledges, , :*#Mr, AjiPRiD BLISS.-At comer of Rcgcnt-stroot Abbotsford-Allotments of land; also building stone Mr. ALÏRBD JOY.-At Kow-Horso, harness, dray, watorcart, patent manglo, and fuiniture. On tho premises, Bourko-streot east- Weatherboard building, gas-fittings, &c.; Mr, N. KINSMAN.-At his rooms, Collingwood Furnituro, books, paporlumgings, &c.; Mr. J. EVAKB.-At Northampton Cottage, Pimt \- hill-Fut nlturo, pictures, ornamonts, &c; Mr. 0. BuiuiKLL.-At his rooms, Smith-street Bousohold furnituro, lamps, oil. Mr. W. SCUULTZ.-At No. 2 Barkly-terraco, St " Kilda-Household furnituro, plated goods, dogcart, house-dog and kennel. Mr. W. J. LOTHEMNOTOH.-At Hawloy's yards Hones and vellidos. lit. J. BKILIN.--At his rooms, Collingwood-Fur- niture, groceries, boots, BIIOCS, planes, &o.; Bales by Auction. THIS DAY. "»MACKILLOP and COOKE are instructed IJJ. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 81 Vnecn-stroot, on Saturday, July 80, at eleven o'clock, forenoon. Ship's stoves 20 ship's lanterns And 42 packages of brooms. THIS DAY. Books. Books. Books. MACKILLOP and COOKE aro instructed, to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 31 «¿ucen-Btrcot, on Saturday, July 80, at eleven o'clock, About 800 volumes books, comprising the most popular novels of the da}-, Edinburgh Re- view since commencement of 1802, German _Medical Works, &c;_ THIS DAY. MACKILLOP and COOKE are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 31 Vucen-strcet, on Saturday, July SO, at eleven o'clock forenoon, 3 immigrants' boxes 8 pockots hops._^_ THIS DAY. . - Household Furnituro. TAOKILLOP and COOKE are instructed I to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 31 fueeh-atrcot, on Saturday, July 30, at eleven o'clock Icrenoon, A quantity of superior household furniture, being the property of »gentleman leaving for the coin ry, comprising largo and handsome pier-glass, 60 x 40 Chiffonnioro, with plate-glass panels and marble top Mahogany horsehair sofa .Brussels carpot, 19 x 1C Hearthrugs ?Superior double-barrelled gun, by Egg, oncloscil In oak and leathor travelling cases 2 very handsome firescreens, with figures beauti- fully workod in Borun wool 2 drawing easy-chairs 4 drawingroom do 1 dreasing- tablo 6 superior Art Union engravings Cos chandeliers, S burners Tancy drawingroom time-piece Class candelabra. _Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, AUGUST 5. Land at Beveridge, In tho Parish of Merriang. By Order of tho Mortgagee. To Farmers, Speculators, and Others. MACKILLOP and COOKE have boen favored with instructions to SELL, at their rooms, 81 Qucen-Btrcet, on Friday, August 6, at cloven o'clock in tho forenoon, By order of the mortgagee, All that piece or parcel of land containing 0 acres and 1 rood, sltuatoin tho parish of Merriang, at -Beveridge, being suburban Allotment No. 1», I bounded on the east by Portion Hi, bearing north l8 chains 60 links ; on tho north by Portion It, bearing west 6 chains ; on tho west by Portion 14, bearing south l8 chains 60 links; and on tho south by a road 1 chain 60 HnkB wide, bearii g east 5 chains, boing the land sold as Lot No. 33, lu pur- suance of the proclamation of tbo 31st day ot January, 1853. Titlo, one removo from tho Crown. Terms at ealo. For particulars apply to Thomas O'Brien, E-q,, solicitor, 41 Swaneton-streot ; or to tho auctioneers. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. Unresorvcd Salo of 197 Packages of Messts. J. Daviot 'afear» ,S and Son's Bootsand Shoes. , T*. - *f Now Landing, Ex Norfolk and Royal Charter. JTo th Boot and Shoe Trado, Storekeepers, Dealorn, and Others. "¥TT EASBY and Co. have received instruc Y Y . H008 from Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co. io SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins Btreet west, on Monday, August l, at eleven o'clock, 197 trunks and cases of Messrs. J. Davies and Bon'* boots and shoos, now lauding, Ex Norfolk and Royal Charter, Comprising and consisting of Gentlemen's best light calf j ockey boots Bo light enamelled napoleons Bo best stout calf wellingtons Men's stout kip do Gentlemen's best stout calf prince's boots Do light kid hoots, elastic sides So best stout mock balmorals do Do do enamelled goloshcd Do do calf do So best stout mcmel boots do ' . So enamelled boots, clastic sides Do stout do ozonian shoes So calf do So best stout calf bluchers Men's do kip" do So do kip watcrtights Youths' and boys' stout calf wellingtons So mock balmorals TV/i mnmnl linntjl ftlnsHi» ulrica Do dressed balmorals Do light kid and cloth do Youthr steut kip bluchers and lace boots Do and boys' stout calf bluchers Do enamelled Oxonian shoes Women's call lace-boots Girls' do do Ladies' best cashmore and cloth do Women's cloth boots Do memo] do Ladies' kid top do Women's grain slippers and sandals ladles' best ?white kid slippers and do So block and bronze do do Girls' patent calf shoes So cloth boots, cordovans Children's best kid morocco balmorals So do kid top boots So do cloth and cashmere do So cordovan and cloth button do So colored morocco do Bo best patent calf shoes Wonnn's brussels carpet slippers Ladies' best kid mock balmorals So cashmere and cloth do So French cashmere boots, elastic side So cloth boots, to lace So kid top boots, elastic sides So best white moire antlquo do ©Iris'mock balmorals, elastic sides ladles' best bronzo and black kid opera Bllppors, , &c.; The auctioneers beg to direct the attention of tho trade and storekeepers gcnorally to tho abovo im- portant and unreserved Bale of Messrs. J. Davies and Son's goods, tho wholo of which will ho found to con- sist ot the newest manufacturo and latest styles. No reserve. Terms at Sale TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. Brighton. Brighton. I Pic-Nio Point. I For Positive and UnreBerved Sale. So Gcntlemon, Builders, and Others seeking Building Sites for Marine Residences Fronting tho Bay. '»If BASE Y and Go. hate received instruo-l V V . tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, | Sa Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 2, at two!va o'clock. All those valuable allotments of land fronting tho Bay, at Pic-Nic Point, being No, 1 of Portion No. 25, parish of Moorabbin, containing about half-an acre, and having a frontago of 200 feet to tho Bay. I Also, JNo. £ ol the said portion, containing 2 roods 20 perches, having a frontago of 100 feet to tho Bay. These allotments ore in beautiful position, being; Mtuato on tho highest ground at Pic-nio Point, com- mand mamlflcent views of the Bay and surrounding country. Tho beach is very One at thiB spot, and can- not be surpassed for bathing purposes, and, in conso tjnence ot Ming offered to close a trust estate, will »?old " Without reserve. Title unexceptionable. Terms liberal. Plans may be Been a tthe rooms of the auctioneers. 1J TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. \- 20 Tons Hart's Adclaldo Flour, Ex Dunedin. To Bakers, Grocers, Storokcopus, and Others. TÄTLEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC li¥ « TION, at their rooms, 88 CoUlns- streot ,*cvetrc, on Tuesday, August 2, at cloven o'clock, Ex Dunedin, SO tons Hart's Adelaide flour. In lots to suit pinchaseis. _ _ Terms at Solo._ TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. 8 Cases Brushware. To Ironmongers and Othci HOT EASBY and Co. willSELLby AUCTION, Wy _ at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on ïueeday, August 2, at eleven o'clock, S eua brushware, assorted, &o.; Ko reserve. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. ' 6 Packages Paints, Xc. »f To Painters, Glaziers, Ironmcngors, and Others. "TTT EASEY ar.d Co. will SELL hy AUCTION, ff i at their rooms, S3 Collins street west, on Tuofday, August 2, at olovon o'clock, 12 eases varnish, ussortod 2 casks printing ink ~" ~ 10 do gum arable 8 do vandyko brown 6 do palo j ellow 5 do mid do «T 6 do vermilion 10 barrels umber _ 10 tons white lead 20 crucibles No reservo. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. "¡. At the Cual ores' Shed, Raliway Station, _I Fllndora-streot. 800 Casca Champagne Vineyard Company's Brandy, Moro oi Less Damaged by Sea-Water. Ex Zuleika. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. WJ EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, ff 0 at tho Customs' Shod, Flinders- street Railvvav Platform, on Tuesday, August 2, at olovon o'clock I sharp, - - Ex Zuleika, 300 coscB Champagne Vinoyoid Company's brandy, moro or less damaged by sea-water, and sold for tho benefit of whom It may concern. No reserve TermtJatSalc. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. Frontages to Flinders street west. Yaluablo Building Sites, bavins a Frontago of Tcct to Flinders street, situoto in Allotments Noa. 2, 3, and 4, Section 1, and forming part of Messrs Langlands and Co 'a Foundry, opposito Captain Coles Whaif, and closo to the Sir Clunes Hotham Hoto'. To Capitalists, Builders, Shtpchandlors, Shop- keepers, RestaurantVkcepers, Dealers and Othora Booking a Tirst-rato Situation for Business. EASEY and Co. have received instructions j from Henry Langlands, Esq., to SELL by _¡TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 2, at tvv elvo o'clock, Tho following valuable building allotments : Loti. Allotment having a fronlogo to riindors Btroot 24 feet, by a depth of 05feot. Lot 2 ,. Corner allotment, having a frontage to Flindera ^ stroot of 24 feet, by a depth or another frontaio to a right-of-way (20 loot w ido) of Oo it.ot. Lot 8. Corner allotment, having a frontago to Flindors Btrcet of 24 feet, by a depth or another frontago - aright of-way (20 feet wide) of 05 feet. Lot 4 Allotment having a frontago of 24 feet to Flinderi Btrcot, by a depth of 06 foot LotB 5 and 0 Allotments, each having a frontago to rilnders. street of 22 feet, by a depth of 05 feet. In calling attention to tho ahov o splendid allotments, tho auctioneers beg to observ o, for business purposos few sites can rival theso for tho erection of stoics, shops, nnd other buildings As an investment for builders, a largo mcomo could bo obtained from a small oulla). For occupation, a rapid fortuno would bo made in an) lino of trado, tho position alone bomg BUfllcicut to command any amount of business This property is closo to tho Railway Tcnnluua, Colima street, the wharves, Custom-houBO, &c.;, whilst bring nearly opposito tho proposed brldgo from Emerald "" Hill stamps its value at onco, and Indicates its becom- ing one of tho most important and thriving places o business in tho city of Melbourne. Titlo unexceptionable. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Solo TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. At Twelve o'dock. Valuable City and Suburban Property. Government Allotments. Situate in Town Spcncor-Btreet, Cornor of Stawell, Miller, nnd Victoria streets, and Cardigan-street, North Molbourno. Situato in tho Suburbs and Country Forest-street, Collingwood. Heidelberg Farm of 50 Acres, Fenced in, with Cottage, Stables, Stock-yard, Plggorics, &o.; To Capitalists, Builders, Farmers, Dairymen, Cattlo Dealers, Speculators, and Othois. W EASEY and Co. havo received instruc # tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, CollirB-street, on Tuesday, August |2, at twolvo o'clock, Tho following desirablo proportlcs : Lot!. Government Allotment No. 7, of Section N, hav ing a frontago to Spencor-streot of 03 feet by a depth of 105 feet. Tliis allotment will bo sold cither in one lot or sub- divided into tw o, as per plan. Tho site of tills lot Is well situated, being elco to tho comer of Hawko- streot, near the residence of J. Hemphlll, E-q, and opposito Mcssis. M'Kciidricks, Jewel, and M'Loren's. Lot 2 Government AllotrnentNo. 1, of Section T, comer of Victoria and Stawell streets, and opposite tho railwaystation, North Molbourne. To ho sold in one or moro lota. Lot 3. Government AllotrnentNo. 4, of Section T, corner of Victoria and Miller strcota, situato near the l.ail way station, Noith Molbourno. To be Bold in ono or moro lots, Lots 2 and 3 aro splendidly situated for tho erection of a flrst-elais hotel, being opposito tho railvv ay station, which w ii bo openedjfor trafile in a few w ccks, and opposite those newly-built rsaidenccs of Mr. Andrews, and near Mr. Mastera'sïRailvvajyStore ; thereby com ninndirjg a llrst-rnto position'for business. \- *»» Lot 4. * Government AllotrnentNo. 20, Section 44, having a irontngD of 00 leot to Cardigan-street by a depth of 105 feet. This is a splendid building site, being, near tho University, and commanding extensivo and beautiful ?views. Adjoining tho property of Mr. Cupitt ano Mr. Sizcr, the contractors, and near the Madeline HoUi. Lot 6. Government Allotment No. 8, of Section 25, corner of rovvlctt and Boldon streets and Earhly-ploeo, fronting tho two Govommont rosorven, Heidel- berg, and tho projected railway terminus, and near the residence of Dr. Butler. Lot 0. Government Allotment No. 7, of Section 25, ad . joining last lot, situato at Heidelberg. ' Lot 7. Government Allotment No. 0, of Section 20, ncidol 4 berg, Bituato corner of Powlett and Baikly iitrcots, and overlooking tho Government re- serve. Lot 8. .. Government Allotment No. 1, Section 20, adjoining last lot. , \- Lots 6, 0, 7, and S aro all situate at Heidelberg, and adjoin each othci. For beauty of situation they can- not bo surpassed in Victoria. They aro fronting tho Government icserves, near the Comotery, on high ground, and command ono of tho most oxtensivo and nnlpiuHd virus In tim rnlrmv i Lot 8. \- Allotments Nos. 82, 83, and 34 of subdivision of suburban Portion No. 87, parish Jika Jika, each having a frontage 25 feet to Torest- street, by a depth of 82 feet 0 inches. Those buildine; sitCB aro closá to tho Government road leading to Dight's mills. LotO. That dcsirablo fino agricultural farm of 50 acroi land, situato on tbo Hawthorne-road, being por- tion of Got crament section 2 at Ringwood, and " about IS miles from Melbourne. Upon the land aro erected comfortable stables, stocks aids, iiiggcrlce, A.c. The wholo property is lencej n with a three-rail fence. The land ia well situated, timbered, and watered, and prosents every Inducement to parties to purchase. Tho abot o proportics aro to bo sold, and the auc- tioneers solicit jmrtles to view the dlfferoutlots. Thoy aro all choleo allotments, and on inspection will bo found well deserving tho attention of purchasers. Full particulars can bo ascertained from tho auc- tioneers, Titlo unexceptionable. Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2; At Twelve o'clock. That Capital and Substantial Newly-Built Family Residence), I Situate in Avoca street, South Yoira, Near-tho Residences of Captain Kay, Messrs. Tom Ray, Gripe, Gatty Jones, and Others, And at present in tho occupation of E. C. Wheolock, Esq. To Ct-pitiilists, Gentlemen, Privato Families, Trustees, and Others, deshous of obtaining a First class In- vestment, or obtaining a Dcsirablo Residence. ' "\Ä7" EASBY and Co. have received instrjtc TV ? tions from tho proprietor, E. C. Wheelock, Fsq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins, street, on Tuesday, Auguet 2, at twelve o'clock, ' That capital and substantial nowly-orected I . < \- Two-story brick-built Family Residence, I Situato in , Avoca-street, South Yarra, and close to tho residences ot Captain Kpy, Messrs. Tom Ray, Gripo, and ¿Gatty Jones, and contains- j ~" Ground-Floor: I Entrance-hall and staircaso, drawing and dilling rooms, China closets, servants' room, kitchen, _ Bcullcry, pantry, store-room, &o.; j | One-Pair Floor : j Three bedrooms, spacious landing, &c.; j The house is beautifully situated, Doing on the crown of tho hill, and commanding an extensivo viow of (ha Bay and surrounding country. The house is stuccoed, and surrounded by a handsomo verandah ; is fitted 'up with window shutters, wardrobes, closets, martilo mantelpieces, and every other convonlenco. The grounds comprise a quartcr-ocro, all tastefully laid out, and stocked with raro and choleo shrubs, fruit-trceB, &c.; ' Gontlcmon wishing to inspect this desirable pro- perty can do so on application to tho partlesiin charge of the premises, and full particulars will ¡bo given on njiplicatlon to W. Eascy and Co. ; or E.¡ C. Wheelock, 120 Russoll-stroot, Molbourno. 1 Terms, Liberal, declared at Solo. 1 MONDAY, AUGUST 1. I Unreserved Sale of Furnituro. \- I Bridge-road, Richmond. MB. EDMUND JACOB will SELL by AU« TION, on the premises (next door to Mr. DObiBto, druggist, six doors from Church-streot), oa. Monday, August 1, at twelve o'clock, The whole of the useful household furniture, com« P B Handsome framed engravings, oil painting, view of the Turon, glassware, sots chairs and sofa, \- loo-tablo, dining-tablo, Stc. It AlBO, The bedroom furniture, comprising- _ Handsome Iron half-tester bedstead, chest drawer^, , i -wash-Btands, table, &c.; .. Togother with the kitchen requisites, .. Largo cooking-stove, water-lcutls, A.c. " "Further particulars at the KUI», 111 Ellatootn. street, next doorto Willlams's Hole . PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Llncndrapcrs, Wholesnlo Warehousemen, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received instruc- tions from tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on an early day, due notice of which will bo ffivon. 160 bales and cases slop clothing, hosiery, blankets, jeraoye, Shirts, caps, Ac. Further particulars in futuro advertisements. ~~~ THIS DAY. " ' To Gardeners, Private Gcntlemon, and Others, SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Collins-Btrect, on Satur- day, July 80, at eleven o'dock, 21,000 quick and whito thom. _Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. "" Extensivo Salo of Choice Frult-troos, Shrubs, ForoBt Troos, Evorgroa n Roses, Pot Plants, &c.; §YMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir rooms, Collins-street, on Satur _ . July 80, at eleven o'clock, The following choice assortment of troos, &c.;, from Mr. Perry's nursery, Heidelberg-road : Pears, various sorts Gooseborrics Plums Currants Peaches Berberries Apricots Grapes, in great variety Cherries Bananas Quinces Elderberries Figs Raspberries Almonds Oranges Walnuts Lomons Loquats Medlars. Mulberries Flowering Shrubs, Evergreens, &c.; Laurels Ficus elástica Lauruatlnus Portugal laurel English box Pinua pinaster Moreton Bay figs Fuschlas Cypress Pyracanthus Pinces maritania Lilacs Oleanders Arbor vitaj Myrtles Veronicas Laburnums Viburnums, &c.; Forost Troea. Scotch fir Poplar Red cedar Cape pine White do EngllBh elm Pinua excelsior Mountain ash, &c.; English oak Roses. £0 varieties of the most dioico and raro sorts, standard, half-standard, and dwarf. A small quantty of plants in pots. Terms-cash. Tho auctloneora wish to call tho attontion of gentle- men to the abovo suporior collection of troea, (¡c, tho parent stock having been Imported by Mr. Perry direct from England, so as to guarantco tho sorts true to name, besides which thero are many sorts now te .tho colony. Observe-Say of Bale, Saturday, July 30, at clovon o'clock prompt. , Persons intondlng planting thoir grounds should not delay, as every' week diminishes their chance ol success. THIS DAY. To Gardeners, Seedsmen, and Others. Seeds. Seeds. Seeds. §YMONS and PERKY will SELL by AUC TION, at tholr rooms, ColllnB-Btroet, on Satur ., July 30, at eleven o'clock, Á splondid assortment of sccdi, consisting of Gordon seeds "Beans, boot, broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower ' Carrot, radish, eolory, lcttuco, leek Cucumbor, parsnip, peas, parsloy, turnip Rhubarb, pumpkin, cress, Scotch kolo Turnip, otc ' Agricultural Seeds. Barley, rod clover, tobacco, ij'o Carraway, chamomile, &c.; Tree Seeds. Pines, chosnut, cedars, pyrus Cypress, betula, ic Flower Scods. A splendid assortment. Torms-Cash. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. 20 Tons First-class Flour. 5,000 Bushols Sound Fresh Bran. To Bakers, Storokoopors, and Others. QYMONS and PERRY havo received in O structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their roonn Collins-street, on Monday, August 1, at ttvclvi o'clock, 20 tons first-class flour 5,000 bushols sound fresh bran. Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, AUGUST 0. To Persons Seeking Investments, and Land Speen lators. Important Salo of A'aluablo City Property, situato at tho conior of William and A'Bcckctt stree-.. and near tho Crown Lands Olllco. §YMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCj TION, at their roomB, Colllns-htreot, on Tue) , Augusto, at twolvo o'clock, All that plcco or parcel of land, being lots 1 and ; block 13, In the city of Melbourne, containin. halfan-acro, and situated at tho coiner of William and A'Bockott-strcets, And now under lcaso to Mcssis. Melchior and Co. a low rental of £225 por annum. The land is all fenced in with a substantial fenc; having large strong gates front and rear. Title, Crown grant. The auctioneers wish to call the particular attentl-v of monoj ed men to tho abovo splendid opportunity fo purchasing, the abovo liroporty being BO splcndldl, situated, within a stono's throw of Tealo's Bondo Stores, Crown Lauds Office, &o.;, and is nearly opposit the contemplated railway station. Torms vory Liboral, Declared at Sale. FOR PRIVATE SALE. Murphy's Pianofortes. Ex Orwell and Stviftsuro. To Privato Families, Music Dealers, and Others, QYMONS and PERRY are instructed b Ö the importers to DISPOSE OF by PRIVAT' SALE, at their rooms, Collins-street, Ex Orwell, One rosowood semi-cottago pianoforte, with ov i sido frets One do do, ornamented fretwork One very neat mahogany soini-cottago plane forto One ologantwalnuttvooddo do Ex Stviftsuro, A vory ologant rosowood grand pianoforte, octavos, from A to A, repeater aud chaj action, highly ornamented, and most dnrabi mado A vory neat rosewood semi-cottage piano, wit French front, fret desk, pilasters, &o.; MONDAY, AUGUST 1. G THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC . TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Mondai AuguBt 1, at elovcn o'clock, Hardwood timber, ox Froobridgo : \- 490 pieces 8 x 2, 0 to 14 feet 470 do 4 x 2,0 to 10 do 450 do 4 x 8,0 to 14 do 206 do 0 x 2,12 to 10 do 160 do C X 8.12 to 14 do. Also, at the samo time, 10,000 foot bluegum logs. Various lengths, 12 x 12 in. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. Choice Fruit Trees, in bearing order. ShrubB, Evergreens, Roses, &c.; _ From Colo's Richmond Nursery. WT M. TENNENT and Co. have receive if« instructions from Mr. Colo, to SELL b AUCTION, at their rooms, on Saturday, July 3! at eleven o'clock, A very choice assortment of fino largo fruit tree n bearing order, consisting of Peaches Apricots Plums Nectarines Apples Cherries Pears ' Quinces Figs Filberts Loquats Currants \- RaspberriOB Also, Gooseberries. Cypresses * Pines Arborvitoo Laurestinas ' Roses Lillies Dahlias, &c.; Terms-Cash THIS DAY. At Eloven o'dock. Prior to tho Sale of Frult-Trcoa, &e.; Positive and Unreserved Sale of tho Wellington Hote White Hills, Sandhurst, With about Half-an-Acro of Ground. Under Powor of Attorney from tho Court of Bankruptcy. WM. TENNENT and Co. havo received i« . Btructlona from tho Hon. B. Williams, M.L.C under power of attorney from tho Court of Bankrupt* in the estate of Oldfield, Couzens, and Co., to SEL hy AUCTION, at thoir rooms, on Saturday, July S( . at eleven o'clock precisely, The Wellington Hotol, Whito Hills, Sandhurst, with about Half-an-Acro o! Ground. It comprises Bar, Concert Room, Five Bedrooms, Two Bar Parlors. The abovo will positively be sold Without reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. At Eloven o'clock. 60 Casca Salt's Ale, each 4 Dozon. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL 1. a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Saturda, July 80, at olovon o'clock, £0 casca Salt's ale, each i dozon. Without rosorvo. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. To Glass and Crockery Merchants, Dealers, Stoi kcopcrs, and Others. ' « 11 Crates Earthonware. 12 Do Cut and Moulded Glassware. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL 1 . AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monda August 1, at twclvo o'clock, 11 orates earthenware, consisting of Toilet sets, now Etruscan door, Blackonbury, ni Etruscan unlquo Palermo, Roman sha unlquo marble, now Etruecan dove marb Roman Berlin bead bowls, flowering blue, fe 12 lihds. superior cut and moulded glassware, co fclsting of ecaskstumblors ,2 do wines 1 do decanters ldo salts <.1 do Jellies and custards 1 do sugars and creams, &C.; Without reserve. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. Invoice of Elegantly-bound Bibles, Proyer-Books, ita.' To Booksollors, Statlonors, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday* August 1, at twolvo o'clock, _, An invoico of elegantly-bound Bibles, Praycr-boôksi &c;, consisting of Lovant, B. G. rims Morocco, do do Rod rubric,loan So, levant, B. G. rims Morocco, olegantly-bound, do Church Services, clasped So, lovant, elegant rims Do, ant. lev., Gothic covors and rims Do, velvot, do Bibles, morocco and roan, elegant. Also, 2 casks ink. Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. _ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. Biggor'H Ham and Bacon. Cooy's Hams. North Wilts Truckle Cheese. Red Herrings, N. W. Chccso, &c; WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by . AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 2, at twelve o'clock, 10 cases Blggcr'fl hams ß do do bacon 10 do Cooy's hams l8 do North Wilts trucklo ohoeso 30 do rod herrings l8 do N. W. cbeoso 15 do Cheddar do, &c.; In splondid condition. Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. To Gcntlomon Requiring an Elegant Turn-Out. Vory Superior Cutrlolo, Manufactured by Jones, o£ Southnmjiton, sititablo for a Pair or Singlo Horso. ~\\\T M. TENNENT and Co. have reooivod Y V s instructions from tho jiropriotor to SELL by AUCTION, at their room?, on Tuesday, August 2, at twolvo o'clock precisely, A very suporlor vehicle, manufactured by the colo brttcd Jones, of Southampton, constructed ni such a manner as to bo driven as a currlclo with pair of horses, or a dogcart, with singlo horso. It was originally built lo tho ordor of. Lord Ilchestor, is furnished in a vory suporior manner with very handsome silver-mounted1 bar, and burnished-stecl polo-chains, and Is in fact, tho most elegant turn-out over im- ' ported into this colony. I Tho harness, which is of tho very best quality, is fitted with hoavy silver mountings, in keeping* . with tho vohlelo. Will bo on view tho morning of sale. Torms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. 100 Bags Goosory Vacuum-pan Sugar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by , AUCTION, at tbolr rnnma T (p"""i w August 2, at tvvolvo o'clock, 100 bags gooaory vacuum-pan sugar, oaeh 1 cvvt. Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. Guinncsa'8 and Carson's Bulk Stout. Whitbread's Stout, Pinta and Quarts. Burton Brew cry Alo. Bass's and Pork'B Alo. To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and _ Others. ITCr M. TENNENT and Co. mo instructed TY . by tho Importéis to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 2, at twelve o'clock, 40 hhds. Carson's bulk stout 80 do GuinncBs's do do 150 cases Pork's ale 100 do Burton Brewery do 20 do Bass's do 30 do Whitbread's stout, quarts 25 do do do, pints, iVe. Terms at Srjlc. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. 30 Bárrela Currante, Now Fruit. 20 Do Barcelona Nuta. 22 Do Almonds. 60 Casos Colman'a No. 1 Starch. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors. WM. TENNENT and Co. liavo received a instructions from tho Importera to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, on Tuosda), August 2, at tvv olve o'clock, 30 barrels currants, now fruit 20 do Barcolona nuts 22 do almonds SO coses Colman'a No. 1 glazed staroh, A.c. Terms at Sale. For PRIVATE SALE. An Importation of Pianos, Harmoniums, Organinos, &c;, oxYoikshiro. "ÏXT M. TENNENT and Co. liavo recoivod VV a instructions from tho importer lo OFFER for SALE by PRIVATE CONTRACT, An liiv oico of Beautifully-toned and olcgantly-finiihod pianos, by tho celebrated manufacturera Cramer, Beale, and Co., and George Murphy llarmoniumsof valions sUcs, suitable for churches and private houaes, by Alexandre Pero and Fila, of Paris Jgk i Organincs, &o.; ¡BP . All these instruments liavo hoon carefully soloctod by a competent judgo, and an opportunity is now . offered to paitlos desirous of soloctuig really good n i strumontB at a ver)' moderato price.' . Tho above aro now opon for¿3nBpoction at the rooms \of W. M. Tennent and Co,,;;;, "T" "* MONDAY, AUGUST 1. Ralscd-Panol Doors. Single Moulded Doors. Double-Moulded Do. OS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a on Raleigh's Wharf, on Monday, August 1, * at oleven o'clock, 3 "' Ex Isabella, 000 door", 2 ft. 0 \ 0 ft. 0,1, li, and 11 in., R.P. 1 26 do, 2 ft. 0 x 0 R. 0, ÍC in., S.M. 26 do, 2 ft. 0 x 0 ft. 0, 14; in., D.M. i 30 do, 2 ft. 8 X 0 ft. 8, l{ in., K.P. k 100 do, 2 ft. 8 x 0 ft. 8, li. 14, and 1J in , D.M. 27 do, 2 ft. 10 x 0 ft. 10, JJ, and 1} in., D.M. 27 do, 3 ft. x 7 ft., 1J and lj in., D M. , The above aro all landed and icady for ¡inmediata delivery. : Terms Liberal. , TUESDAY, AUGUST 0. Larere and Extensivo Salo nf juin go uuu jcxtcusivo üaio oí Baitio Deals. American Lumber. Scotch Flooring. Doors and Sashos, io. Also, All tliat Splendid Freehold Proporty Situato in A'Beckott-strcot; bottvcon Llizaheth and Sttanston Streots, and immediately opposite tho Ofiico of Hugh aiass, Esq. To tho Timber Trado, Contractors, Builders, Specu- lators, and Others. CS. ROSS and Co. have been favored with , instructions from Mr. D. Owen (who is re- tiring from tho timbor trade, and leaving for Europe), to SELL by PUBLIC AU01T0N, on tho promises in A'Bcckctt- stroet, botw con Elizabeth and Swanston streets, on Tuesday, August 0, nt clovon o'clock sharp, abo wholo of his stock of timber, &c;, consisting« follows 130 red deals, li x 0,10 to 21 ft. . C1) do 11 x 5, do t 150 do 11 x 4J, do ' 150 do 12 x 4, do '--~ , 30 do 0 x 4, do _ i 4,079 do 11 x3, 10 to 30 ft. ' . 2,393 do 0 x 3, do ' 1,043 do 7 x 3,10 to 24 ft. 000 do 7 x 2J, do 011 do, various 770 w hito deals, 11 x 8,10 to 24 005do O x3, do 31 Oregon deals, 10 x 4, long longths 250 do, 0 to l8 X 3, do < 60 moulded doors, 0 ft 4 in. x2 ft. 4 in., U in, ' 80 do do, 0 ft. 0 in. x 2ft. 0 in., 1J in. to li in. 015 do do, 0 ft. 8 in. x 2 ft. 8 in., Ig in. US I} in. 340 do de, 0 ft. 10 in x 2 ft. 10 in-, H in. to 2 i 240 do do, 7 ft. X 3 ft., 1 i in. to 2 in. \- BO raised panol do, 0 ft. 0 in. x 2 ft. 0 in., 1J in. " 150 do do, assorted sizes ' 50 sash do, do 000 pairs sashes, from 8 x 10 to 12 x l8 81,213 foot ti hito pino clear, 1J, 1J, 2, and 3 in. 100,000 I-fectsawn laths , 8,000 6 foot do JiickeU 21,271 foot cedar, i to 4 in. 51,278 do 0 x J Scotcli flooring, whlto 10,000 do 0 x 1 do do, white B .- ¿î 80,000 do 0 x 1J do do, do * i 02,500 do 0J x 1J do do, do 45,120 do BJ x 1 do do, do K BJ.740 do 0 x 1J do do, red ? 121,341 do 1} in. iiitch pino flooring, T. and G. 107,071 do 1 in. whlto pino flooring, do ' 17,801 do 1 In. do Bhelving 12,147 do i In. do siding 20,000 do 4, 5, 0, and 7 In. nrehitravos 15,000 do mouldings, various Bizes ,10,000 do 7 and 0 in. Bklrting 60 ttlndows, tiith fiâmes 30,000 foot full-cut hardwood ; ,40,000 do hardwood logs 80,000 do deal qnartormgB 20,000 do deal and hardwood battens 4,000 do l\, li, and 2 In. pitch pine stop-plank 20,000 do pitch pino plank, I to 8 In. 20 w hito pino logs 1 clrcular-tait bench, by Clayton, Shuttloworth and Co. 4 circular saw B P 1 wi ought-iron shaft, 24 ft. by 8 in, 1 horse, dray, and harness ' 1 colonial-mado saddlo and bridlo 1 gig and harnosa 1 llro-jiroof safo, by Milner, And \- - Many other articles too numerous for advertise- ment. , Also, The freehold proporty, having 00 foot to A'Bockctt strcet, by a depth of 105 feet, with two largo sheds erected thoreon; ono measuring 00 fe«tx \- 27 feet, and the othor 47 feet by 84 foot, with y - workshops on tat floor, and roofed with gal h < yanlBcd iron. , Also, \- Good and substantial timber-rack. 80 ft. x 10 ft. » Tha abovo Btock is all In splendid order and condi- tion, has been selected with groat caro, and will bo 'found to bo all of tho best qualities. . To persons dcBlrous of entering into a safo and pro ifitablo business, tho abovo 1B an opportunity seldom had, as the good-will of tho promises alono ia a for- tuno to any enterprising Individual. Catalogues ready August 6th. Lunch provided. Intending purchasers aro requested to vlow pro vioui to the sale. . " _ _ 1 Ful lparticulpjs can bo had either of Mr. Owen, on tho premises or of the auct'onecrs, 44 King-street. Terms Liberal. ?_I WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8. To Furniture Warehousemen, Storekeepers at Sand hurst, Ballaarat, Beechworth, Castlemaine, Dealers and Others. 182 Cases American Chairs, Tables, &c.;, ex J. TJ Cooper. 200 Do Do, ox Brewster. T>EAUOHAMP BROTHERS will SELLb l_> AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Queen-street, oi Wednesday, August 8, at olovon o'clock, 102 coses American chairs, tables, drawers, &c; . ex J. D. Coopor 20 do Baltimore wood chairs 20 do fancy do do 10 do Baltimoro cane do 10 do oak oflleo do 10 do wood do do 20 do Grecian maplo splndlo do, cano 21t 61n and 8ft readmg-tablca, chost of drawers cherry, pino, and walnut wood leaf tables Baltimoro cano rockers, nurso cano rockers children's chairs, singlo washstands, &c; Ex Browater. 50 casca Baltimoro wood chairs 40 do Washington do do 20 do do cano do 20 do Lafayette do do. Terms Liberal. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. On Account of Whom it May Concora. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC TION, at thoir rooms, on Monday, August I at eloven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, 3 cases wood baizes, moro or less damaged. Also, 1 hale blankets. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Ex Donald M'Kay. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by ATTC TION, at tbo Mort, on Monday, August 1, a eleven o'clock More or less dainagcd,| Ex Donald M'Kay, G. M., 60-1 balo, 40 piecos 0-8 prints 71-1 do, 40 do do 76-1 do, 40 do do 09-1 do, 40 do do 76-1 do, 40 do do 77-1 do, 42 do do. Terms-Cash, MONDAY, AUGUST 1. 31 Cases Cloth Caps. Ex Dovor Castle. FRASER and COHEN aro instiuctcd t SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Monda) August 1, nt devon o'clock, Ex Dovor Castle, 81 cases Men's cloth navy caps Do do military do Do do American navy do Boys' mid youthB* do do. No reservo. TcrniB nt Sale. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. 47 Cases Fino French Toit Hats, ic. Ex YorkBhiro. TÏ1RASER and COHEN aro instructed t J} SELL by AUCTION, at tho Mart, on Monda) August 1, at olov en o'clock, Ex Yorkshire, 47 cases of Very suporlor mouao Canadians Do do state do Do do black do Do do French felts Do do drab sholl raglans Do do black Paris hats. Without any roiorvo. Tonus at Sale MONDAY, AUGUST 1. To WorohouBcmon, Drapers, Storekeepers, ami Others. Salo of 20 Casca Silks, Draper)-, i.e. Ex Sebastopol and Hottpui. 17RASER and COHEN will SELL by AUX r TION, at their niait, on Monday, Auguit I at oloven o'clock, Ex Sebostopol nnd Hotspur, ¡0 casos of splendid now gooclB, just arrived,' e latest fashions and styles, consisting of Ladies' and maids' stays, needlework slucro colored corah handkerchiefs, silk scarf white twills, fancy bonnet ribbons, ric moire do, cotton rcols, assorted hoiien table covers, counterpanes, ladles' llounc-« silk robes, wilito sheets, ingrained damask silk and wool do, lomon do, ladies' head dresses, do belts, do fancy dresses, lcno cn, ii tains, rich glace checked and striped silk brocado silk dressoB, oriental ribbons, ni- block gros, do satin, do glaco, do do v. hit balzarino, French ribbons, Noivvlch barones black volvot mantles, moire antique do, eli! dron's do, and women's oloth do. The attention of tho trade Is most particularly cal'» to this important salo. The wholo of those gool aro perfectly now in stylo, being now in the courso i landing. ' Further particulars In futuro advertisements. Terms nt Salo. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC TION, at the mart, on Monday, August I at eloven o'clock, ,i Ex Clarissa Currier, .. 7 packages Amorican groy flannel Tlhlrt3-15 dozen.,. Tenus at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. . 70 Casea Amorican Indiarubbor BootB. ERASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC TION, at their mart, on Tuesday, August 2 atolovcn o'clock, O in diamond, 60 cases Indiarubbor kneo boots 20 do do long top do. Terms at Solo. TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. 104 Trunks of Superior Seasonable Boots and Shoos. x Tudor and Merchant Prince For Positivo Salo. ERASER and COHEN aro instructed t SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuced ly ust 2, at eleven o'clock, Ex Tudor and Morchant Princo, 10-1 trunks of very superior Bcaaonablc nicu't women's, and children's boots and shoes, Northampton houses. No rosorvo. Terms, Liberal, at Salo. TUESDAY', AUGUST 2. 51 Cases Assorted American Boots. TilRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC Jj TION, at their rooms, on Tuosday, August at eleven o'clock, Ex Jano D. Cooper, 61 cases American boots, assorted as under 22-20-5 coses ouroka grain boots, 10 to 13 inc legs 27-1 do do, fancy tops, do 28-30-0 do do, plain do 37-00-24 do do, l8 to 20 inch log 72-74- 3 do do calf boots, 10 to l8 Inch log 76-81-7 do do, fancy tops. Terms at Sala. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3. To Grocers, Wlno and Spirit Merchants, Storekeeper and Others. 8,400 Packages Groceries, Oilmen's Stores, Spirits, Beer, &c;, Kow Landing ox Zuleika, Red Jacket, Orwell, an Donald M'Kay. FRASER and COHEN aro instiucted b tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the ruoniB, on Wednesday, August 8, at oloten o'clock, 3,400 packages of first-class grocericB, oilmen stores, beers, spirits, i.e., now landing in splondi condition, ex Zuleika, Red Jacket, Orwell, and Dona] M'Kay Scotch oatmeal Pearl barley West India arrowroot Tapioca Carolina rice Black currant fruits Assorted bottled do Do jams and jellies Barcelona nuts Soft shell almonds O. Jones's starch Colman'» do Taylor Brothers' solublo chocolate Do homoeopathic cocoa Do gold label do Now muscatel raisins, layors Jordan almonds Sinclair's hams, middles and rolls bacon New currants Sardines, half mid quarter tins Morton's salmon, lib. Volckinan's candied peel Martoll's brandy, palo and dark, in hillls, am quarters U. V. P. do do. do Otard's do, dark, lu hhds. Hcnnc8sy'e palo brandy, in case Clouzcau's No. 6, do Rum, 30 o. p. ByasB's bottled alo and porter, pints By ass's No. 3 ale. Terms-Under £100, cash; abovo that sum, ap proved acceptances at tinco months'. Tho auctioneers have much pleasuro incallini attention of tbo trado to tbo abovo sale, as tho whol are now landing in flrst-rato order, and comprise man articles at present in demand. _ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8. Cargo ox Antonio, from Capo Town. 1,174 Boxes Goodwlo Stalk and Looso Raisins, 400 Do Skinned Peaches. 200 Do Cut Pears. 82 Do Flat Do. 170 Do Apricots. 60 Do Apples. "I71RABER and COHEN havo received iustruc tj tions from tho Importers, Messrs. J. S. Moor und Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, oi Wednesday, August 3, at cloven o'clock. Portion of tho cargo of tho Autonlo, from Cap Town, consisting of WK, Wunder, 1,174 boxos best Goodwlo stalk and looso raisins 400 do skinned peaches 80 do flat do 176 do apricots 60 do apples. , . " , Terms-Under «100, cash ; above that Bum, ap proved acceptances at thrco montliB.' Tho whole of the abovo fruit is guaranteed intoi fincBt condition, and as being of this year's crop : it w11 be found on examination to bo ono of tho finest lots o Gaoo fruits over imported into this market. Tbo attention of the trado is particularly roquostei to the above sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 12. The Whole of tho Lato Mr. Cruikahank's Auriferous Lauds, Situated on the Bendigo Creek, togothor with Agricultural Lands On the Campaspe Rivor. Also, tho ¿Elmore Hotel, " and COHEN have received instruo X1 Wons to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at thoir rooina, Colllna-atroot, Melbourne, on Friday, August 12, at eleven o'dock, If not previously dlapoaed of privatoly, Thowholooftho lato Mr. Crnikshank's auriferous land, situated on tho Bendigo Oreok; togother with agricultural lands on tho Campaspe Rivor, as follow- ing: AURIFEROUS LANDS. (Aa por Government Division,) Lot. A. n. r. 1-118 2 0 2-162 0 12 8-118 2 0 4-152 0 12 5-435 0 24 0-118 2 0 7-162 0 12 8-118 2 0 0-162 0 12 10-204 1 0 11-207 0 0 12-118 2 0 13-162 12 0 14-118 2 0 16-152 0 12 10- 20 0 1 17-31 2 0 18-210 0 0 10-118 2 0 20-201 0 8 21-118 2 0 22-271 1 12 28-118 2 0 24-241 0 l8 26-118 2 0 20-160 3 13 27-135 3 24 28-202 3 24 20-124 0 22 30-120 0 38 31-118 2 0 S2-118 2 0 33-120 0 88 84-118 2 0 35-118 2 0 30-120 0 33 37-118 2 0 38-118 2 0 30-120 0 38 40-118 2 0 41-118 2 0 -Total-0,123a. 2r. 10p. AGRICULTURAL LANDS . (As per Government Division.) Lot. a. r. p. 42- 80 0 81 43- 01 3 30 44- 30 0 0 46- 30 0 » 40- 30 0 0 47- 30 0 0 48-80 0 0 40- so 11 II 62- 40 8 0 63-40 8 0 54- 67 0 2 65-67 0 2 60- Bl 1 0 67-77 8 12 68- 00 1 8 50-00 1 S 00-63 1 15 01- 05 1 82 02-103 1 12 03-: 07 0 24 04-100 1 30 05-85 0 33 CO-ilH 0 3 07-134 1 l8 08-168 0 0 GO-148 0 13 70-158 0 0 Total-2,042a. lr. 10p. Lot 71. Tbo ELMORE HOTEL, with tho allotment on which it stands, vJz. :-No. i of Section 2, parish of Elmoro, containing 03 iierca 1 rood 1 perch good land, fonccd in. The hotel building ¡3 of zlnu and wood, brlcknoggcd iusido ; roofed with zinc and corrugated galvanised iron. Tlio accommodation consists of 11 apartments, viz : -two public rooms, four bedrooms, pantry, bar, and parlor, with cellar and store ; also, brick kitchen, Eorvaiits'-room, scullery dotacbed ; with corrugated iron building, two apartments, six-stall stable, shed 40 foot long. On tho adjoining allotment thcro aro two cattle-yards and a garden, securoly fenced in and trenched, ready for cropjiing. Tho situation in au excellent one for the business which is bolng carried on in it, being on tho main road from Bendigo to tho River Mulray, and contiguous to the Uno of railway. Auriferous Land. Terminer, as this docs, a largo portion of those lundi accidentally jiermitted by Government to be allen itcd ero attention was directed to their supposed Auriferous Wealth, an opportunity is thus presented for tho public to become jiosscssors of this Invaluable property which cannot occnr a; nln, tho remainder of tho survey on ODO side lmvinir been abruptly withdrawn from salo front its auriferous valuo being recollected, while tho lino of railway to tho Murray jiroveuts tho salo oriand in tbo other direction. At a timo whon tho attention of capitalists is being wisely directed to tho moro completo dovolopement of our gold resources, which hitherto havo been in thoir infancy, and largo sums of inonoy aro ready for in- vestment in interests which havo long boon EO singu- larly slighted and underrated, tho auctioneers fool earnest ni thoir oflico of. pressing tbo present ex- traordinary opportunity closely ujion public notico, and In doing so would remark that nu out- lying portion of tho lato Mr. Crulkshank's aurl lorous property has been purchased by soveral capitalists, who havo already successfully initlntcd a company jiromlslng splendid advantages to those for- tunato onougb to comprlBO its limited proprietär}-. Apart from auriferous qualities, those lands aro valuable for agricultural purposes, being situ- ated in tho valo of tho Bendigo, and, extending back to the trunk Uno of railway to tho northern district, promise the prospect of enormously-Increased valuo in a low years. Agricultural Land, situato on and near Itho Campaspe, nnd excellently adapted for farms and homesteads, and divided from tho auriferous property by tho railway line. Plans to guide persons desirous of inspecting can bo obtained at tho auctioneers' rooms, whero also speci- mens of auriferous quartz taken from tho surfaco, and rcjiortB BB to geological features, will bo on vlotv on and after 7th AugUBt. Terms-One-third cash ; ono-third BIX months', ono thlrd twelve mouths, with interest nt tho rato of 10 nor cent, added. THIS DAY. To Lamp elcalera, Oll-manufocturors, Saloon-keepers, and Othors. Involco of Petroleum Lamps and Oil. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a in his rooms, Collins-street, on Saturday, . 80, at devon o'clock, E\ Bruce, F In diamond, See. 1-1 box, containing D petroleum lamps, completo. No. 12 8 do do, No. 5 3 dozon wicks 8 c\tra glasses, With directions for lighting and trimming thokmpa. Bec. 2-1 cask, containing 32 gallons petroleum oil. The attention of tho publie is directed to tho fore- going lannis and oil, and Inspection invited. Torms at Salo. THIS DAY. Unrosorvod Salo of Paporhanglngs. For tho Benefit of Whom It May Concorn, M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _ in his rooms, Collins-street, on Saturday, ly 30, at olovon o'clock, \- Cares papcrhanglngfl of auporior quality. To bo sold in lots, to suit purchasers. AVlthout Rosorvo. A.0, îuTyso, ' - THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, and Othors. 'Sale of 5 Bales Cocoa, Ropo, and Slnnott Mitts. 8 Cases of Boss Brooms. A G. M'COMBE nill SELL by AUCTION, J\\* in his rooms, Colllns-stroot, on Soturday, July 30, at olovon o'clock, 15 bales of cocoa mats, ropo mats, slnnott mats 8 cufies of boss brooms. , All just lauded In good order and condition. Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. To Pel turners, Dealers in Fancy Goods, Ironmongers, and Othors. Salo of 4 Cases of very Superior Brushwaro. Just Landed. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, J\m in lila rooms, ColUna-streot, on Saturday, July 30, at eleven o'clock, I Ex Brlorlv Hill, A W, Boc 1-1 caso 51 dozon nalr-bruBhca, NOB. 0 to 00 0 dozon eio, No». 100,107 0 do beat do, Noa. 44 to 82 3 do best cloth-brushes, Noa. 33 to 80. . 2-1 caso S5 dozon hair-bruBhcs, assented, from No. 5 to 108. 3-1 do 00 do of hoir, cloth, babies' hair, and hat brushes 12 dozen spoke, horso, and solid shoo brashos. 4-1 cask 40 dozen best roadied shoo-bi ushos, NOB lto 5. All just landed in tho best ordor and condition, Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. To Carnot and Furniture Dealers. 40 Rolla Cocoanut-Fibro Matting. 'A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, J\m in lils rooms, Colllns-strcct, on Saturday J uly 80, at cloven o'clock, 40 roi Itcoeoanut-flbro matting, Assorted lengths and widths Terina at Sale. THIS DAY. , To Football Clubs, Public Schoola, Academics, Toy Dealers, and Others. l'Caso very Superior Footballs. À G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, , ha lila rooms, Collins-street, on Saturday, Iuly30, at cloven o'clock, y ' Ex Bricrloy Hill, I R K H, in diamond, II caso containing- "..,,,.. , 21 dozen bcBt largo footballs, leather casos ana indiarubbcrs 2J dozon best largo extra cases for do. The above shipment of very superior footballsworo manufactured to order by Gilbert, of Rugby, who is acknowledged to be the best manufacturer in England, Tirms pud fnr.hor particular» at Bale. Sauifiii >-"ow on Sale. " v ". JHIS DAT Books, Stationery, Engravings, &. G. M'COMBE will SELL byAUPTrn» JL. In his rooms, Collins-street, onîLtmd1?"! ), at cloven o'clock. ' n '»«Uuay, ]^> A parcol of now and secondhand books i".. variety of bindings WOKS, m every 2 cases bibles, stationery, So, _ Also, . ,, .. î^ »oyal Charter, A collection of paintings and ongravinm All to bo Sold Without Rem^88, THI8DAY To Dealers and Others. 1 Case Looklng-Glass. 8 Casks Water-Coolers. A G-, M'ÇOMBE will SELL by AUCTln» Ä«. to ,hls rooms, CoUIns-street, on Sati' ' July 80, at olevon o'clock, ' oMunUy, 8 casks water-coolers 1 case looking-glasses. To bo sold to close an account Without Reserve. THIS DAY. ' « ., ^8°, »ozon Pick-Handles. 61 do Rowland's Long-handled ShovelB A G; M'ÇOMBE will SELL by AUCTIOV J\f in his rooms, CoUIns-street, on SntmT» July SO."''«levon o'clock, oaturdaj, 20 cases pick-handles, contalnlna; about oim . 500 dozen (loose) plck-kandlcs aDout 280<Iozea 61 do Rowland lpng-handlcd cast-stccl shovel. Terms and Further Particulars at ¿i.T* THIS DAY. '-» 110 Boxes Raisins. For tho Bonoat of Whom it May Concern G. M'ÇOMBE will SELL by AUCTIOV . in his rooms, Colllns-strcct, on Saffi' , 30, at oloven o'clock, Minimay, HO boxes raisins. More or loss damaged. To bo sold for account and risk of whom it mn» concern. ' Without resorvo. _Terms-Cash. A THIS DAY. "--. To Comfoctors, Llvory-stablo Koepors, and nth*. 250 Bags Prime Danish Oats. U"W' A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTlnv rt « in his rooms, Collins-street, on sáttmi»* July 80, at oloven o'clock, öatui%, 250 bags Danish oats, each 8 J bushels A Bplondld samplo. Tenns-Undor £100, cosh ; at and above iw amount, approved acceptances at thrco months' THIS DAY. ' T~ Cloarhig-out Sale of Groceries. A Q. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTIOM M, in his rooms, ;Colliiis-streot, on Satunto July 80, at cloven o'olock, «»>unuy A quantity of York hams, Cork butter, cheese, mustard, titán raisins, currants, cutty pipes. >,"Ta» And 10 boxes Belmont candles. To bo sold without reserve. Torms-Cash. A THIS DAY. To ChomistB, Farmers, Squattors, and Others, Unresorvcd Solo of 17 Casks Araoiito. . G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION ^w in lils rooms, Collins-street, on Saturivi' iy 80, at oloven o'dock, '? P, in diamond, 17 casks arsenic, each about 3 cwt. In good order and condition. To bo sold to close an account. Without Roscrvo. A THIS DAY. To Sportsmen, Volunteers, and Others. 1 Vory Handsomo Colt's Revolver. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _In his rooms, Collins-street, on Saturday, y 80, at olovon o'clock, 1 vory liandsome Colt's revolver. No. 12,170,7-loch barrel, with powdor-flask, bullet-mould, io., complete, in volvot-Ilnod mahogany case, w.h lock and key. To bo Sold Without Reserve. A July THIS DAY. Unreserved Solo of 10 Casks Wollongong Batter. Ex Wonga Wonga. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collina street, on Saturday, uly80, at devon o'clock ahorp, Ex AVonga Wonga, 10 casks Wollongong butter, actual weights. To bo sold to close an account for Monday's mall, Without reservo, Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Ironmongers and Others, 1 Balo Woolpacks. Heavy Woights. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, XX» in his rooms, Collbis-Etrcct, on Satúrela), July 80, at olovon o'clock, 1 bolo woolpacks, 10 lba. Weight guaranteed. To bo sold to closo a shipment. Without Reserve TUESDAY, AUGUST 2. Largo Salo of Provisions, Grocorics, and Oilmen's Stores. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, a hi his rooms, Collius-streot, on Tuesday, August 2, at eloven o'olock, A largo assortment of Groceries Provisions Oilmen'« stores, &u.; Terms and Full Particulars at Sale. THIS DAY. To Contractors, Builders, and Othors. Scaffold Trostlos, Carpenters' Benches. d GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUC jja 'TION, at the Metropolitan Auction Mart, 10 CollinB-Btrcot east, on Saturday, July 30, at twelve o'dock, Scaffold trestles Carpontors' benches Tools, ¿to, Without Resorvo. THIS DAY. To ProviBlou Merchants and Others. 10 Casks Colonial-Prcaorved Fish. 26 Do Portor. 16 Hhds. Ale. 120 Dozen Indian Curry. S GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUC a TION, at tho Metropolitan Auction Mort, 10 CollhiB-Btroet east, on Saturday, July 30, at twelve o'clock, 10 casks colonial-preserved Uah 25 do porter 120 dozen Indian curry. Without Reserve. THIS DAY To Privato Buyers, Dealers, and Others. Unredeemed Pledges. Furniture. Plated Goods, Watches, Jowollery, Tools, Looklng-Glosscs, S GRAHAM and Co. will SELLbyAUCTION, s at tho Metropolitan Auction Mart, 10 Collins Btreet east, on Saturday, July 30, at twelve o'clock, Unrcdocmcd pledges Wearing-apparol, furniture, plated gooda Jcwollory, tools, watches, gold and silver Musical Instruments. Without Resorvo. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. Vory Choleo Hacks. To Gontlomon, Dealers, and Others. DOUGHARTY mid Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, at their yards, comor of Queen oui jeourko strcots, on Monday, August 1, A very cxcollont bay horse, six years, by Itory O'Moro out of Modesty's dam; fact, and' up to 12 stono A handsome groy horse, very gentle; carries a lady. They aro tho property of a gontlcmnn having no further uso for them, and will bo sold Without Reservo. THIS DAY. Abbotsford Estate. Corner of Regent-street ami Marino-parade. To bo Sold without Reserve. ALFRED BLISS has received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho ground, situato at tho corner of Regent- street and Marino-parade, on Saturday, July 80, at two o'clock, Lot 282 on original plan of subdivision, having a frontago of 82 feet 10 incluís to a mado and me- talled strcot, called Regent- street, by a depth of 00 foot to Marine-parade Togothor with A largo lot of building stone. For absoluto salo. Terms-cash. N.B.-Salo on tho ground at tho corner of Rcgcnt stroct and Marino-parade, on Saturday, July 3i>, at two o'clock. MONDAY, AUGUST 1. Williamstown. Io tho Insolvent Estate of Thomas Dudley. By Order of H. S. Shaw, Esq.. Official Assignee. Sale of tho Furniture, Fittings, and Stock Of the Clarendon Hotel, Williamstown. A LFRED BLISS has received instructions /A. from H. S. Shaw, Esq., Offlclal Asslgneo.to bfiLTi by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho promises, known. as tho Clarendon Hotel, WilllauiBtewn, on Memory« August 1, at twolvo o'clock, The whole of tho lumituro, flttlogs, and Block ortlio above-named hotol, comprising- ' Drawingroom furnituro Dinlngroom do ' , And « ! Bedroom do. Jit Also, - Bcor-onglnc, bar-fittings, stock, &o.; Torms-cash. __ N.B. Salo on tho promises, Clarendon Hotel, «VU» llaiiiBtown, on Monday, Augusi 1, at twolvo o'clock. _ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8. Richmond. . . Desirablo Building Allotmont on tho Hill, having » Doublo Frontago to Dockor and Lltt'o Docker Streets. ALFRED BLISS bas received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the giound, altuato in Docker and Llttlo Docker BtrootJ, to both of which it ha» a frontago, on Wednesday, August 8, at ono o'clock, «...,i«» A suporior building allotment, high and dry, having ° 88°"eetato° Docker and Littlo Dockor streets, by ft dopth of 122 feet 0 inches between tho two street«. For positivo solo. Title perfect. ... Terms-Half cash, Ulanco by bill at threo montos. N.B.-Tobo Bolt« without resorvo, on tbo ground, on Wednesday, AugUBt 3, at ono o'clock. 