Balas by AHOUOB. PRELIMINARY NOTIOE. 300 Oases Buperlor Amorlcin Furniture. 3o Furniture Warehousemen, Parties Furnishing, and Others. WEA8EY and Co. will SELL by AUC .> TION, at tLelr rooms, 33 Collins-street wost, »n an early day, BO soon as landed, 800 cases superior American furniture, coui jsrising Drawing-room Buttes, tables, chairs, bureau, washstsnds, chests of drawers, wardrobe, ice. Further particulars and terms in future advertise- ment. w THIS DAY. \- On the Australian Wharf. 46,000 Foet Scotch Flooring Boards. Io Timber Merchants, Builders, Conlraotoi s, and Others. WEASEY and Oo. will SELL by AUO . TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, 46,000 foet Scotch T. and G. flooring boards, «1 x li. _Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. On the Australian Wharf. 120 Barrels Stockholm Tar. 40,000 8-feet 0-inch V.D.L. Laths. To Builder», Contractors, and Others. BA8EY and Co. will SELL by ATJO . . j TION, r>n the Australian Wharf, on Friday. ¡January 28, at 12 o'clock, 120 barrelB Stockholm tar 40,000 8-feet 0-inch V.D.L laths. ^_ No Reserve. THIS DAY. On tbo Australian Wharf. 66,000 Feet Leg Cedar. Entlro Cargo ix Gem. Jo Cabinetmakers, Timber Merchant», Builder.», and W Other s. EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUO . TION, on the Australian Whsrf, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, Entire cargo ex Gem. £5,000 feet log cedar Row landing, and to be sold without roset \ a. ^_Terms Liberal._ POSTPONED lill MONDAY, JANUARY 31, In consequence of the timber not bolng stacked. On the Australian Wharf. 849,000 Feot American Lumber. Ex Florida, from New York. Io Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and _ Othors. TKT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO TT , TION, on the Australian Whait, on Monday, January 31, at 11 o'clock, Ex Florida, from New York, 28,113 feet 1 inch carpente rb' clear, H to 22 inches wide, and 12 to l8 feet Iergths 26,838 do li do de, 10 to 20 inches wide, and 9 to l8 feot lengths »7,427 do 1} do do, 10 to 20 incheB wide, and 6 to .20 feet lengths »4,616 do 2 do do, 10 to 20 inches wieta, and 8 to l8 feet lengths 63,926 do 1 do Scotch flooring, Cinches wide, aud l8 feot lengths 10,129 do i do ihcatbing boards 8,000 do 2J, Si, 8, and 8J inch carpenters' clear, of extra quality, 10 to 20 Inches wide 13,021 feet spruce battens, S inches wide, 13-fcet lengths ' 74,268 do yellow pine tongncd and grooved flooring, li, l8 to 20 feet lengths 26,426 do sawn scantlings 180,000 masonB' laths. übe attention of the trade is solicited to tim sale of 1he above cargo, which cannot be equalled by any offered this seascn at public sale. Terms, as usual, very Liberal. *"~"~ POSTPONEMENT of SALE until WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, In consequence of the departure of tho English Mall Unreserved Sale of 12 Butts Coscns's Sborry. ' 44 Hogsheads Do. Do. 415 Quarter-CaskB Do. Bo. Being Portion of the Cargo ox Solide, intended fa tho Molbourno Markot. From Cadiz Direct. To Merchants, Wino and Spirit Mcrcharts, Store _ keepers, and the Trade generally. TIT" EA8EY and Co. have received in YY . structions from Messrs. Faibury, Lamb, aid Co., to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins-street west, on Wodnesdaj, February 2, at 31 o'clock, The undermentioned batch of superior Bhcrrles, «x Solide, from Cadiz : FP, double plamond, VPcocjoired S butts, 12 linds., and 100 quarter-eaakB very pale therry. Double grapes, VP conjoined 2 butts, 13 hhds,, and 100 quarter-casks very palo sherry. Doublo diamond, P uuder 1 lind, and 17 quarter-caskB pale therry. , Doublo grape, P3 under 1 hutt, 1 hhd., and 17 quarlcr-caeltB palo shorry. Three diamond, VP conjoined under S trotts, 7 hhds., and 62 qr.-casks very sherry. Three grape, VP8 conjoined 1 butt, 2 hhds., and 38 quarter-casks very pale sherry. Three grape, P under S hhds. and 10 quarter-casks Ano palo sherry. Four diamond, VP conjoined under 3 butts, 8 hhds., and SO quarter casks superior very pole do. Four diamond, P undor 2 hhds. and 10 quarter-casks Buperlor pale sherry. OS, VP conjoined under 1 butt, 1 hhd., and 20 quarter-casks particular, very pale sherry. OS, JP undor 1 hhd. and 3 quartor-casks particular, very pale sherry. Crown and anchor, VP conjoiuod uuder 7 quarter-casks very choice sherry. SLA, AWF conjoined under 8 quarter-casks Solerán pale sherry. BA 7 «ruarter-casks fine Amontillado sherry. Also, Ex Experance 100 casks Byass's ale, 4 dozen each 1C0 do do do porter, 4 do do. Ex Northern Crow». SOO casks Byass'» alo, 4 dozen each IO do do porter, 4 do do. Ex Owen Glendower. 20C0 cases Bj ass's koy brand geneva. Ex Sussex. 1£ hhds. Kartell's brand", 1860. Ex Heather Bell. S hhds. Martell's brandy, I860. The auetiosecrs, in calllug the attention of the lradetolhe above unresorvod sale of very superior .wines, beg to intimate that the sborrlcs have not as yet been in bond, but were transhipped direct from íhe Bolide, immediately upon her arrival at Sydney. N.B.-Samples of the abovo »herries will be on .slew three days previous to sale, and tho trado is ro »,ue to inspect the same. Terms liberal, at sale. No Reserve._ m' " THURSDAY, FEBBUARY 8. Valuable City P'operty. Bltnato in Victoria-itrcct, between Sn an s ton mi-1 Elizabeth streets, and known as Ailsa-terrace. Adjoining the premises of Mesar». Ashley and Heales'L coach manufactory, and Messrs. Reynolds aud Kntllsb, general carriers, and comprising Three Capital Two-story Brick-built Houses. 30 Capitalists, Men of Business, Trustees, Prívalo Families, and others desirous of Investment or obtaining a first-class city property. "1AT EASBY and Co. bavo received in YY . »tiuotion» to SELL by AUCTION, onThurs i»j,rebrnary8,atl2o'clock, ,",,",,, All that piece or parcel of land, situate In Victoria street, having a frontage of- by a depth of - Upon this land are erected Sbiee inbitantlal brick-built slx-roomcdhouies. .Sround-floor contalos entrance-ball, littlngrooru, ïtdroC"* fcttnliAn Ail, Oa«.pïiiflio1r,lra*w1ngroom and^Iwo bedrooms. îheie homes are well built, and have a bold'aK&U; »«durai elevation. For situations for value orbusK at» can aurpui this, it being Jn »^e7«»to xtafBt. in this important part of the town. The, mlol?of thehOMtsmlet toUghly T*jP«»*T>Un. »»ta, and prodnc* m rental of «-. To pt*tle» ta ..itaioh et » reilly good and safe Investment, the and lone*' can confidently recommend this pro * Jmíifctr .articulan »t tho rooms of tb» auo ' " ' ^ Title wiexeeptloMBi*,' SUM», Liberal, declared. h\ 8*1«, KONDAY, JANUABY 81. On the Australian Whmf, - 120,000 Feet Oregon Bends _ «. 20,000 Do. Doals. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and Othors. WEASEY and Oo.wJIl SELL by AUO . TION. on the Australian Wharf, on Monday, Jnnrary 81, ni 11 o'clock. Ex Wllchorafc, 120,000 feet Oregon boards 20,000 do doals No reserve. Terms Liberal. MONDAY, JANUARY 31. On the Australian Wharf. 2,600 Blue Squaro Paving Slabs. 2,600 Palo Do Do. To Builders, Masons, and Other«. WEASEY and (Jo. will SELL by AÜÜ e TION, on the Australian Wharf, on Mondiy, January 31, at 11 o'clock, 2,600 bluo square paving slabs 2,600 palo do do. Tonus at Balo. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1,704 Bags Mnuritiun Sugars. To OIOBO Accounts. Ex Voneto. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO e TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-Btreot west, { on Tuesday, Fohruary 1, at 12 o'clock, Ex Venete, No, 4-67 bags sugar 6-230 do do 9-£8 do do 10-117 do do 11-793 do do 12-202 do do. Comprising bright yellows and rations. No recorvo. To closo accounts. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 60 Trunks J. Davies and Bona' Boots and Shoes. Just Landed. Ex Brilliant, and Ellen Stewart, To the Boot and Shoo Trade, Storekeepsri, Dealers', and Others. "TfjT EASEY and Co. have received Jnfltmc 1 » . tiona from tho importera to SELL by AUC- TION, at their roon», 83 Collins-street weat, on Tuesday, February 1, at 11 o'clock, Without reserve, 68 trunks; of Messrs. J. Davies and Sons'well-know u hcotn aud sheas, comprising Gcntlcmon's light oalf princes boots Dodo wellingtons Do kip princes boot?, braddod Stockman'« loco boots Gentlemen's calf oxonian do Boyt,' and youths' kid top boots Do csir bluchers Gentlemen's dress wellington hoots Du halt-dress puncen do ' Do patent wellingtons Do best kid-top rlastic-side boots Do best memel boutB , Do enamel oxonian shoes Youths' and boys' princes boots Do kip blucher do Do kip lace do Girls' cashmcro and cloth boots Do enamelled balmoral do Children's ca>hmert> and balmoral do Do best morocco do do , Do colored cv.nmero do Gontlemon's bett kid-top tlv-tic-iidc hoots Do best memo! do, clastic-side Do enamel oxonian shoes \- Youths' and boj s' princes boots. Also, 19 trunks superior light bluchers. The auctioneers beg to direct the attention or the trade to the above unrcscrvod sale of J, Davies and Eons' goode. Terms, Liberal, at Sale. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8. Desirable Slvroomod Houso, Tivoll-placo, Punt-bill, tout» Yarra. Io Parties in Search of a Comfortablo and Genteel Residence», Capltnlht", and Others. WEABEY and Co. bave recoived inotrno o lions from tho owner to SELL hy AUCTION, at their rooms, 33CclliUB-6trcet, on'ihurEday,Fobruary 8, at 12 o'clock, A comfortablo and well-built six-roomed houso, situated Tivoll-placo, runt-hill, South Yarra ; 1 with kitchen, Btsbling, and convenient out offices, 40 feet fiontnge, by 200 foet doptb. Parties in seaich rf a comfortable residence would do well to inspect this property Title unexceptionable. Tern» Liberal. THIS DAY. JB. HOUGHTON »nd Co. aro instiuoted to . OFFER for absolute SALE, at their rooms, on Friday, January !8, at 12 o'clock sharp, ' 2,200 buBbolB primo Scotch oats 1,160 do do Danish do. Terms Liber a\\. THIS DAY. Dates and Sholl Almonds. Ex Leopard, from Mauritius. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, SO Collins-siroot west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, 17 bags shell almonds And the remaining unsold portion of a parcel bf 600 bags dates. The attention of the provision trade Is particularly invited to tho above. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. To Oonfcctioners, Fancy Beale re, and Others. JB. HOUGHTON aud Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, 36 Colllns-streot west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, At the risk and on account of former purchase», Sundry uncltared lots of fancy goods, statuettes, engravings, &c.; Also, Balance of Invoice of bonbons, clocks, &c.; Tho abovo will be sold without the slightest reserve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Io Wine aud Spirit Merchants, Storokcepors, Grocers, Family Dealers, and OtheiB. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. are instructed to a OFFER for absoluto SALE, at their rooms, S6 Collins-street west, on Friday, January 28, at 1 ¿ o'clock, Brandies. 12 hbds British dark brandy 80 qr-CBiks do do 6 hbds Anglo-Au«trali»u Co.'s dark brandy 0 qr-casks do do 10 hhdB Bernard's dark brandy 8 do do pale do 2 qr-casks do do 20 do dark French io 400 casen French do. Old Tom. 23 hbds Bwalno and Boord's fAU tom 140 cases Tanquoray's do do. Wines. 460 cases fine sherry wine, in 1-dozen cases. Samples of the above can now be seen at tbe auc tiwioers'. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. Corrugated and Plain Galvanised Iron. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL by . AUCTION, at tholr rooms, 38 Collins-Btreot west, on Friday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, An invoice of galvanised plain and corrugated lie», 3x6 28 gauge plain 2 x 6 24 do corrugated. Now landing, Ex Shepherdess. The attention of the iron trade is invited to the above very superior lot of iron. Terms Liberal. SATURDAY, JANUARY 28. . To Lodginghouse-Keepors and Others. T B. HOUGHTON and Co. are inEtructed al a by the proprietor, who is leaving Melbourne, to BELL, on the promises, situated 203 Bwaiieton Mrcet, on Saturday, January 20, at 12 o'clock, The whole of tho effects of a respectable boar/ling honse, known as the Good Cheor, Tables, chairs, dinner and broakfait services, beds, bedsteads, and sundries, too numerous \- to mention. Terms-cash. No resorve, Positive Sale. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, To Woollendrapori, Warehousemen, Tailor», and Others. JB. HOUGHTON and Co. are inBti noted to a BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their room», 16 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, February 1, at 12 o'clock, 2 cases woollen». Further particulars to be obtained at the rooms of the auctioneer». Terms- cash, or approved acceptance at threo months' date._ THIS DAY. Household Furniture. Bouverle-street, North Melbourne. "\T KINSMAN io favored with instructions I >j a from Mr, Nicholson, who is returning to Eng- land, to SELL by AUCTION, on the premisos, known sa Mr. Nicholson's Agricultural Implement Establishment, near the Carlton Flour-Mills, on Friday, January 28, Household furniture, comisting of Horsehair seated sofa, mahogany horsehair seated chain, loo-tableB, colonial sofa, chairs, carpet, picture, book», glassware, crockery, tables, double iron bedsteads and bedding, drawers, two feather bed», meat-safe, kitchen Utensil», Ac, Sale at 2 o'clock, By N. Kinsman, auctioneer, 8 Moor-street, Colling- wood. _ THIS DAT. 1« Building Allotments. N KINSMAN has received lnsiracttozts . to BELL by AUCTION, ort the ground, ' CD rriday, January 28,.at 12 o'clock, 16 bonding allotments, having frontage» to Hmith aUtot, Gore-street, Leicester-street, and Rose» »treat ; being church property it will be sold on lease for 7,14, or 21 years} and the allotment» are M x 7» and Ux 99, with four corner», 80 x 89, with right-of-way to eaob. Cat* at 12 o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer api] j i «JOTT, Vcor-itiftt, CcHtmwood. j .... «- THIS DAT. The Property or Mr. Justice Williams, Previous to Bis Honor's Departure for Europe. Opposite the Railway Tcrmlr.up, Spencer-rircet, Corner of Lomda'c-ftrcot, -,,..IlCâse of th6 Houso Tor Two Years, With the Sale of all the Elegant and Modern .m- ", . _. Furniture, WUK», Plato, Plated Ware, 200 Volumes Law and . . »«?«». IHWMJ, mostly Standard Works. A few Valuable Paintings, alter Toniere and Ruboni, . , , . And M 1 original Jansen, Barouche, ¿te. B;8TJS?^.S4B favored with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho pro Uiises, corner of Lonsdalo and Spencer streots, on Friday, January 28, to commonco at 11 o'clock pro «i'ely, F The valuablo household furniture and effects, com. r rising Handsome mahogany bookcase and chiffonnière, yery handsome rosewood and mahogany arm lounging-chain, do ottomans, do loo and other tables, chairs, carpets, rugs, vases, hearthrugs ; handsoino cornice, with suito of exhibition curtains; writing-desks, 15-day clock, sideboard, seasoned feather beds and pillow», horsehair and wool mattrosso», bed- steads, with sets curtains en suite, wardrobes, Ghosts drawors, toilet glasses and tables, washstands and services, crystal and crockery, Including dessert and tea sotB, kitchen utensils, &c.; Catalogues may be had at Mr. Stubbs' auction rooms, 60 Queen-street. MONDAY, JANUARY 31. Gretna Green, Opposite Colonel Kenny's Estate, Pariah of Tullamarine. Subdivislon of part of portion No. 4 of Section 4, the property of A. McDonald, Esq. Subdivided by the proprietor specially for the accom- modatlon and convenience of newly-married couples, carriers, little ahopkoepers, farm laborers, gardeners, and immigrants. All pegged off as you go along just on the other side of the toll-bar, Deep Creek-road. B. STUBBS is instructed to announce tho SALE, on Monday, January 31, tho before-mentioned popular-named village, in lots to suit purchasorB, and upon liberal terms. Further description in a future advertisement. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1. Eulo of Household Furniture, Phaeton, Dogcart, Horse, ¿c, At Folix Cottage, Esphnado, St. Kilda, Immediate opposite the now bathing establishment. MB. STUBBS baa reocivfd instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Felix Cottage, Espla St Kilda, immediately opposite the new bathing establishment, on Tiiesdny, February 1, at l8 o'clock, Tbo whole of tho household furniture, &c;, In the above oottsge, consisting of Mahogany telescope dining-tables Dlnlngroom chairs and sofa Chiffonnière Dinner, tea, and coffee sorvices Handsome rosewood cottage planofbrto Rosewood canterbury Walnut whatnot Papier macho table and chairs Card-tables Paintings and engravings Rhimney-glasses Brussels carpet Register grates Fenders and irons Large iron bedsteads and bedding Mahogany wardrobo Dressing tables and glasses A flrst-rato American steve I Kitchen utensils, &c.; Also, A handsome park phaeton, patent axles, &c.; One do dogcart One chesnut horso, quiet in saddle or liamos BaracBB, saddles, se. Large water-butts and stands And miscellaneous articles. All to bo sold Without Reserve. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. Richmond. At 12 o'clock in tho foronoon, sharp. On the Premises, corner of Rowcua-parodo, Punt road, Richmond. MB. STUBBS has received instructions from tho proprietor (who Is about to remove the vicinity of Melbourne), to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, if not previously disposed of byprivata contract, at the premises, corner of Rowena-pRrndo, Punt-road, Richmond, on Wednesday, February 2, at 12 o'clock sharp, The following freehold properties, viz,, Loti. A most desirable cornor allotmont of land, sl'.utto at the corner of Rowcna-parade and Punt-road, Richmond, having a frontage to tho Punt-road, chain wide, of 86J feet, by a depth of 78 fost, on which is erected a mest substantially-built and well-finiBhcd Brick Btoreanddwellinghouso, containing convenient shop, parlor, two bed- rooms, kitchen, '¿te. A neat corrugated Iron verandah Is fitted round the premises, which Ima a private entrance to Rowcna-parade. Tho premises aro situated near the property of His Honor Judge Pohlman, fronting the mott beautiful part of the Richmond-paddock ; and the building having been built with the viow ot addi- tions thereto, could with imall exponso bo converts.-! teto a private dwellinghouso or into an hotel, drug, gist's, or linen-draper's shop, for either of which pur- poses the site and situation aro admirably adapted. Lots 2, 8, and 4, adjoining lot 1, each contain a frontago to tho Punt-road of 80 feet by a dopth of 78 feet. Thewholo of tlicso lots aro well suite! to tho erection of prlvzto bouse*, having Frontages to Richmond Paddock. The advantage of fronting this paddock, which possesses park-like scenery unrivalled by any other locality near Melbourno, is too obvious to roquire comment. The prcsont is ono ol tho fow remaining opportunities of securing silos in this peculiarly favored locality. Conveyances pasi every two or threo minutes throughout tho day, while tho pedestrian can walk to business n Melbourne in 26 minutes. Tho title ii unexceptionable, and but ono remove from the Crown. Terms : One-fourth cash, remainder by billa at six, 12, and 28 months'. Ords to view, and inspection of plan of locality may be obtained at tho auctioneer's ; or at tho resi dence of T. W. Badham, Rowcna-parade, Richmond. " WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. ~ Elegant Household Furniture. MB. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises of Mr. Sullivan, iiiar the junction of the Toorak and Punt roads, or Wednesday, February 2, at 1 o'clock precisely, Sundry articles of elegant surplus furniture, con Spring-bottom sofa, chlfTornicro, chest drawors loo-tableB, dressing do, washstands, csrpots rugs, erny and hair-seated chairs, poultry harnees. Terms-Cash. _^^ "?"~ FRIDAY, FEBRUARY"^. £200 per annum. Houso of Business, Footscray. An excellent chance for any industrious person «he wishes to go into tho public business. TI/TE. STUBBS is instructed by the pro lyl prictor, Mr. Jonos, to BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the promises, Footscray, on Friday February II, All that commodious well-built wtl'-known publli business property, known as the Junction Inn, situate at the corner of Whitehall and Bunburj streets, immediately opposlto tho Poilco Barracki and Mr. Mortyn'e store, equldistont botwoen thi railway station and the river ; let, for 12 month only, to Mr. Nicholas, at the low rent ol 2001, po annum. Terms Liberal. Title, Flrst-rato._ PRELIMINARY NOTICE. In the Eetate of F. R. Wallon and Son. " By order of the Official Aislgnuo, II. S. Shaw, Esq. Magnificent Freehold Property, In Albert-street, Filzroy-tqunre. Also, Rich Agricultural Farm, Part of the celebrated Moreland Estate, Situate near the Moonee Ponds, about 6 miles from Melbourno. And Allotments at Now-port. To Agriculturists, Marketgardeners, Speculators, am Others. TUT M. TENNENT and Co. have receivH W a Instructions from H. S. 8haw, Etq , OfBela Assignee in the estato of F. R. Wallen and Son, ti BELL by AUCTION, at tbolr rooms, on nn early day due notice of which will bo sivon, A portion of the colobrated Moreland Estate, situât about 5 miles from Melbourne, comprising 8 acres, moro or less, of rich fertile land. A splendidly situated alfotmont in Albertstroat Fltaroy-squnre, admirably adapted for tho ercc tion of flrat-clasB residences. And Set oral allotments at Newport. Full particulars, with day of sale, will appca »her Titles guaranteed. TermB,Liberal, at Bale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Bale.of MagnlilTnt Suburban Allotment, consisting o Acres 2 Roods 11 Perches, In the Choicest Part of St. Kilda, Being Allotment 167 B, Parish of Prahran. By Order of tho Mortgagee. Io Gentlemen in quest of Site» for Private Residences, Speculators, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by » AUCTION, at their rooms, on an early day, due notice of which will he given, By order of tho mortgagee, AU that moat desirable and bcautifully.Eituato I portion of land at St. Kilda, being allulnien, 167 B, pariah of Prahran, and containing by ad- measurement 4 acres 2 roods 11 perches, as pci Government plan. This magnificent property has a frontage to tw Government roads, la situate in about tho beat pu iltlon In this favorite locality, and adjoins the reai dence cf Archibald Michie, Esq., and others. . Ihe auctioneers beg to call the attention of gentle; reen In search of sites for residence to this talo, a this I» the only allotment offering in this most re iptctable Mid fast-rising neighborhood. I Ihe title is a Crown grant. Term*, iberal, at sale. Plans of the property may bd .»« »t "» rooms o he auctioneers. " ~3 THIS DAY. 1 Orlando Jones's White Bice) Ure . J WJkf. TENNENT and Go. will BELL bf . AUCTION, at their rooms, on Frldal, jazcary SB, at 12 o'clock, T H wxei Oriasdo Jcraot's »tarch, se lb», each. J XermatSale. " THI3 DAY. To close accounts for the Mall, and immediately after tho sale of stock in the estate of Wnloot, Land». ~ and Co. 11 Puncheons Codfish. 300 Tin» White Herrings. 20 Oisos Sardinen. IS Calos Corn-snok*. l8 Oasoa W. I. Plckloj. 107 Cask» Alo. 100 Drums Raw Linseed OH. 20 Tons Rock-Snlt. WM. TENNENT and Oo. will SELL by . AUCTION, at thoir room', Oolllns-atreet, on Friday, January 28, (Immediately after the eale of stook in the estate of Walcot, L ndo, and Co.,) The above assortment of goods. To close accounts. _ 'forms at Salo._ THIS DAY. In the I.stato of Walcott, Lande, and Co. Eulo of the Fntiro Stock-in-Tiade, by order of tho OfBolal Asslgnoo, H. S. Shaw, Esq. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Grocer», Btorokeop jr«, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Oo. have received a instructions from tho Official Assignee. H. S. ,81mW, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-stnet, on Friday, January 28. at 11 o'clock, Tho entire stock-in-trade In tho insolvent eîtato of Walcott, Lande, and Co., consisting of a great u.noty of gooda, including Brandy and old tom Whisky nud gin Bottl ii alo and porter Sherry »nil port wine Hams and bacon Rice Mauritius sugar, and Sydney nnd Cotsiporo crys- tals Tia, cfTce Bottled fruits and pickles Split peas Oatmeal and pearl barley Sardines, llngiHh Salmon, herrings, bloators, &c;, Confectionary, &c.; Anil n»i)' other articlos too long lo enumerate. This unreserved salo mcritB tho attention of tho trstlc. _fern», Liberal, at Balo. THI8 DAY. The Whoio of the S oclt-in-Trade, Book-Debts, &c;, in tho Enluto of Walcot, Lande, and Co. By Order of the Official Asslgnoo, II. S. Bhaw, Eaq. to oo Sold in Ono Lot. WM. TENNENT and Co. aie instructed . bj H. B. Shaw, KBq. to BKLL hy AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, In ono lot. The whole of tho valnab'e stock-in-trade of Wai- tui, L«ndo, and Co., grocers, storekeepers, .te. ; also, the book-dubts. If tbo above aro not disposed of In this manner, it will bo Buhdir.dcd and sold iu lots to suit purchaser». Terms at ¡Salo. MONDAY, JANUARY 81. On tho Promises of Charles William Stuart, of Prahran. Household Furuituro and tHects. WM. TENNENT und (Jo. hnve received o Instructions from Alex. Laing, Ksq., Official ¿.lalgneo, lo SKLL l.y AUCTION, on toe premíeos of C. W. Stuart, Orcrlllo-ttroit, Prahran, on Monday, January 31, at li o'clock, A quantity of household furniture »ml effects In the ateve tstatc, comlstii.g of Sofa, mahogany tables Chairs, cariiotr, hearth rugs Work-tuûlcs ReiMeid and bedding Vi'atbitand und drestmig-tablcs Lookliig-Klaabi«, And ÏUlîBDn-Y, FERUAllY 1 40 Biles Cunny Bags, Just Landed. TTfJ" M. TENNENT nnd (Jo. will SELL by VY . AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, February 1, at li o'clock, 40 b.lcsgtintpj bags. In hits to suit purchasers. Term» at sale. Without any Resorvo. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3. Sale of 2,000 Volumes Fit st elms Books. WM. TENNENT and Oo. uro instructed . by thn Importer to SELL by PUBLIC AUCrlON, at their rooms, on Tuesd\y, February 1, at 12 o'clock, About 2,000 volumes of first-class books, comprising tho workBof Byron SLakespoKro Chalmer! Burns Oibbon Hal am Home, Ac. Together with Clicnp editions ol the works o: Dickens, Lcviir, Thackeray, &c.;, And Hal.way Library editions of Bulwer, Gram, Cooper, Low, Gore, and nil the bost modern author;. . Terms -Cash. THIS DAY. Drapery. Drapery. Drapery. fclupB For Positivo Salo, To Clear up gundry Consignments. To Drapers, Ontllttors, Millinors, Country Store- keepers, Dealers, and Otherj, J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has beon a instructed by tho Importer« to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at thoir man, 80 Colllnt-stroot east, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, The following goods, to clear up sundry consign caents : beta ef book collars and »Icovcs B^rcgc deo sei lnianis'mantles Plouncoü luiislin robes iilcb poi-lln (lrocsei Infants' frocks and robes Wúuicn'n Uno merino vests Ladios' embroidered underclothing Men's griy and brown cotton half hose Women's white cotton hoso Superior needles, In fancy bixes Men's superior lambs wool shirts and pants Ladies' nuil ecu jackets Do drab alpaca do, with hoods Do Hack (.lace mantles l)o Mau need organdie drosses Do fancy chip and duiiBUt lo bonnets Do lORboru and straw hits Mon's ntpsc.i coats and VCHIS Geuticmen's gra-ecloth coatB and >csts Boya' anil i ouths' ca'inutto sacs Men's drab mole trousers Do fancy tweed and doe trousors 30 and 38 inch groy calico And a quantity ol other goods. Terms at Sale. mis DAY. J TV ADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELL a by AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Colllns-ètreo ti.st, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, M in diamond, S 4-1 cato lambswool pan ti and shirt 6, 0-2 do superior merino do 8-1 do superior ciiiiclino. _Terme at Sale. _ THI8~DAY. Gardner's Clothlug. To Warehousimm, Drapors, Country Storekeepers, and Others. J WADE, of Wade and GOWSD, baa buen a instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-Btrect catt, on Friday, January £8, at 12 o'clock. Ilio folluwlug goods, from the celobrated house of Gardner and Co., Bristol : 2cates bo)»' and youths' cord trousers 8 do men's white aud brown drill do 2 do do light sac coats 2 do do tweed and doo trousors 2 do boys' and tuen'* twocd and dim vests. The above will be s >!d in lots to suit all buyers. _Terni» at 8ale. ,* MONDAY, JANUARY 81. South Yarra. Positive 8alc of Three Flvo-rooniäd brick Cottages. iiy order of the Mortgagees. RC. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUU . TION, ou the ground, on Monday, January al, Ail UioBo five-roomed brick cottages, recently occu- pied by Measr«. Smith and Studwlck, Carotiire atreet, Soutli Yarra. The land is CO feet frontage by 100 feet in depth, and the cottages stand bick 10 feet from the road, and, being situated on the brow of the hill, n view of the Day can bo obtained from tbo windows. Full pirticulars can be obtained of tho auctioneer. Terms, llboral, to bedcO\red at sale. SO Swanston-strcot. ^^ WEDNESDAY, Fl^fjARY 2. Dockcr-itroot, KIchmouu, ou ll'o Hill, And Swan-itreot, Richmond'» leading thoroughfare. Peremptory Bale of Three Cottages and Two fine Buslnots Sitos, in Richmond. X> O. LUSCOMBE has received inutrnc X\i> tiona to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on »ne ground, on Wednesday, February 2, at 12 o'clock sharp, 1st. A four-roomed weatherboarded well-built house, standing on land 33 feet to Decker-street, on the lill), and a rango of stabling at the back. See placards on the premises. 2nd. A frontage of 33 feet to Little Clifton-itrcet, on tho hill, hy a depth of 60 feet, situate Immediately at tho rear of the Docker- street property. 3rd. At 1 o'clock, on the ground, nearly opposite the Royal Eaxon, It, feet frontage, to Swan-atreet, by a depth of 76 feet to a right-of-way near the Bridge. 4th. The tiro neat two-roomed cottages at the back of the above frontage, with outhouses, standing on land 26 x 80 feet deep. The auctioneer wishes to call special attention to this property, it being all tenanted, in good repair, and returning a nice little income. BID* w11 be placarded on the property. Terms, Libera 1 declared at time of Bale. "" '"' PRJUaMIHABY NOTICE. JOSEPH has received lnstrnctiona Mint I"! . "from" Messrs. M'Cowen and Co., of Ho. JThe remaining portion ol Immigrant»' box« and lognge, To pay store-real. THIS DAY. S3 Drums Turpentine. Now landing, Ex Magna Bona. AS. M'COMBE will BELL by AUCTION. . i? h,s, r.°?m& Collins-street, on Friday, January !8, at 11 o'clock, ' Ex Magna Bona, 486 gallons turps, in drums or 5 gallons each. Mow landing in the best order and condition. fcTcims-Three months' acceptances, subject to the vendor's approval. i The attention of painters and others is called to this parcel, now landing, and will bo ready for delivery on day of sole. | SHIB DAY. Xo GrocerB, Dealers, and Others. , 40 Barrels Fatras Currant!, 20 Oases York Hams. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _£\\_» in his rooms, Oollins-Btreet, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, i 40 barrels Fatras currants 20 cascB York hams. All In good ordor. And to bo Sold Without Reserve. THIS DAY. To Publican» and Others. I 20 Hhd». Ale. áG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, . in his noms, ColliBB-strcet, on Friday, ary 28, at 11 o'clock, 20 hhdfi. alo. AU faults. To be Sold for Account of whom it may Concern. IHIB DAY. 26 Boxes Hobart Town Fruit. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, . lo his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, ary 28, at 11 o'olock, M In diamond, 20 boxCB Hobart Town plums. Just landod. No Resorvo. THIS DAY. 40 Firkins Butter. £0 Bags Oats. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, J\\_0 in his rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'olock, 40 i'ukina D. R. Cork butter to bags Scotch oatB. To be Sold Without Reservo. IBIS DAY. 160 Boxes of Raisins. 10 Cask» Bottled Alo. To bo sold to closo an invoice. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, e in his room», Collins-street, on Friday, »snuary 28, at It o'clock, IfiO bolo» of raisins 10 cask: bottled nie. To be sold to closo an account. Nu Deserve. _ BATURDAY, JANUARY 20. At the Railway Station, opposito tho Booking-office Fllodcre-slreot. 1,000 Feet York Hearths. To Builders, Masons, and Othors. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, # at the Ballway Station, Flintiers-st cot, opposite tbo booking-ofllco, on Saturday, January 20, at 11 o'clock, 132 rubbled York hearths. Now lying as above, »nd to which tho nttontion of 1 ulldcrs masons ,«nd all concerned Is direcKd. No Reserve. MONDAY, JANUARY 81. Unreserved Salo of 400 Bags Gram, Ex Titania. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, .XX« in his rooms, Colllns-atreot, on Monday, ¿Txaary 81, at 11 o'clock, M8, Ex Titania, 400 bags gram, each 1 "*°t. All guaranteed in food order and condition, and To be »old for»cconnt c1 whom it may concern, Without Re-servo. MONDAY, JANUARY 31. Preliminary Notice. Bale of Faints, Papcrhanglngs, &c.; AG. M'COJIBE will SELL by AUOTION, a in his rooms, Colllns-Btroot, cn Mcuday, January 81, at 11 o'clock, A largo astortmont of paints and papcrhanglngs. Full particulars of which will appear Ino mornn.g of sale. MONDAY, JANUARY 31. Io Furnlturo Dealers and Others. 200 Cases American Furniture. Just Landed. Ex Golden Horn. ' AG. M'OOMBE will SELL ,by ADO ¿ION, . in bia rooms, Collins-streot, ou [Monday, ary 81, at 11 o'clock, Kx Golden Horn, ICO cates American furnlturo, comprising Baltimore chairs, cane and wood seats Do cano and wood seat rocking-chairs Nursing rocking-chairs Common wood oftloc do Oak, cano, oflico, and dfnlngdo Children's hole, oflico, and peg arm-chairs Qreclan maplo chairs Imitation rosewood do 8inglo and double washslanda Pino leaf tables, S ft, 8 ft, O in., and 4 ft. Cherry do do do B. walnut dodo do Three drawer bureaus Sideboards, 6 ft. B. walnut bedsteads Cottage bedstead«, Sft. and 4f(. Oin. Teatordo, &c.; The attention of tho trado and country bu j ora ia specially directed to this sale of furniture, manufac- tured at ono of the best establishments in the United States, and will bo found superior to the ordinary shipments received ir> this market. Terms, and ¡urtber particulars at sale. ^_No Resorve._ THIS DAY. Library Desk Table. To Eccrotarics of Public Companies, Merchants, Brokers, and Other*. Splendid Double Pedestal Desk for Saio. TIT ALSTAB and WALTON, of 85 Collina Tt_ street west, Temple-court, will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, January 28, at 2 o'clock, 1 pedestal library desk table (double) « lib drawers and cupboaids complote, in perfect uidur 1 cblflionnlore. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. Sale of Furniture and other Household and Misoel lanoous Effects. W ALSTAB and WALTON will 8ELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, 85 Collin-stroet west. Temple-court (at their usual weekly salo), at 2 o'clock, A dlnlng-tablo, cottage chairs, n stand and dressing-table, cliiflonuiore, book- case, with glased doors ; writing-dealt, iron bedstead, iron chair, occasional table, a very elegant writing-table and secretary Tcgother with Other household articles. Lacios and gentlemen requiring singlo articles of furnlturo are Invited to attend this sale. The articles on vlow on the day heforo and on morning of cale. Tormo- cish. N.B. The auctioneers will hold a salo of tliH de- scription eveiy Friday; and parties having articles to dis poso of should send them into tho rooms early in tho week to ensnro tbelr Insertion In tho cata- logue. Parties, also, whoso houses aro not comino dlously or conveniently situated to hold a sale of Ihtir furniture upon the premises, will find this an economical and auvantsgoous mode of disposing of it, and the auctioneers »111 ici.d furnlturo-vat s and careful men to remove it, ai.d mako a cash advanc» when required " SATUllDAY, JANUARY 50. Household Furniture and othor Kilccts of a gentío man leaving fir England. JAMES EVANS lies tecuivod instructions from the prrprlotor tj OFFER for SALE by PUBLIC AUOTION, opposite tannory- gato, Gardi- ner's Creek-road, cn Saturday, January '.0, at 2 o'clock, The whole of his household furniture and effects, consisting of Elegant mahogany hair-icatcd and other couches, do chairs, do easy-chairs, ladles' work-tabloa ; loo, dining, and othor tables; /cur-post, child's, and other bcdBtoa.'s ; wathstands, waies, La j fenders and flrolrons, very hand- some Erusscli carpet (new), bedroom carpets, oilcloth, prints, ornnmonts aud books, dinner and breakfast sert ices, glass, plated gooda, poultry, &c.; Very bandsomo escritoire, In Spanish mahogany Fine toned OS pianoforte, in elegant walnut case. Saturday, at 2 o'clock, opposite tannery gate, Gardi- ner'« Creek-road. MONDAY, JANUARY 31. CBUBBELL haB been favored with in a structlons from the proprietor (Mr. Hutchin- son), who Is leaving his farm, to BELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at his residence, on the banks of tha Yarra, near the cutting on the Olonferry-road, about lall a mile from Fletcher's Hotel, Hawthorne, and 3J miles from Melbourne, en Monday, January 81, at 1 o'clock, The whole of his dalry stock, growing crops, and produce, consisting of 12 choice-bred dalry cows Several fat calves, at fort bo butcher A few useful horses Handsome buffalo cow and heifer «alf (very rare) A few fine pigs. Also, A stack of hay, in first-class condition, c1 about 28 tons ; 2 aeres growing crop of potatoes, of superior quality. Likewise, Dray», earls, harness, superior chafTcutting machiue, dairy utensils, farm implements. Ate. Tho auctioneer begs to calf the attention of the enhile to the above sale, M the whole of tho clock aro of a choice collection, and worthy their attention. Mark-1 o'clc-k prompt. MONDAY, JANUARY 81. 100 Horse«, broken and unbrokea, from the hand« ol 'tie breeder, Kew South Wales. W.TBEAOY will BELL by AUOTION, # at hil jarda, 60 Bourke-sUeet weit, on Monday, January 81, at 11 o'clock, 40 Vims, bel«! tha «rat draught ot 100, io exoel MSl fosdltlaoj suitable tor beary draught, ihtharï.r,?!*^ * "' 3k ai« o a «rst-raU itaap, uri «ill t» totó) w. THIS DAY. " To Watchmakers, Jewellers, and Others ."", ,so°G01? and EllvorWatches, BO Clocks, Musical-BoxcB, and a Quantity of Jewellery. To be Sold Without Reserve. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by PUBLIO . AUCTION, at the Now Commercial Sale Room», on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock sharp, On account ot tho owner leaving for England, A very superior lot of gold and «ilver lover», brooches, clocks, rings, muBical-boxes, dia rooi d rings, mourning ringB. And very Euperlor lot jewellery. Without tho least resorve. Torras-c»Bb. N.B.-J. L, would call the uartloular attontion of the trade, na the goods must bo sold to thohlghoat bidder._ THIS DAY. For the benofit of whom it may concern. LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUC . TION, at the Now Commercial Salo Rooms, mrke- street, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, I case wix dolls 1 do crlbbage-boards and chessmen. Also, A quantity of Rimmers porfumory, Ex Northern Crown. _Moro or lets damaged by soawater. THIS DAY. To Furnishing Ironmongers and Others. Plated Ware J LYONS and Co. will SELL by PUBLIO a AUCTION, ot, the Now Oommorclal Sales Room, Bourkc-strcot, on Friday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, An assortmont of plated ware, consisting ót- ica and oolloo services, engow, muotard-pot», cruets, fish-slices, &o.; Terms at Solo. I Bot MONDAY, JANUARY 81. To Clothiors, Drapers, Warehousemen, and Othors. 77 Bales and Oases of Soft Goods. J LYONS and Co. have received in s structions from tho importers to CELL by AUCTION, at tho How Commercial Sr.lo Rooms, Bourlie-i,trcot, on Monday, January 81, at II o'clock sharp, The following goods : Boo anil tween trousers Do sac» Do vests Crimean shirts, hilf hose iu piont variety Gentlemen'« flannel shirts and drawers Regatta phirtp, white do Silk handkerchiefs, beaufort ties Carpet bags, leather do Solid leather trunks Flannel», felt hats French braces, belts Scotch twill shirts Molo trouser«, cord do Tnccd caps, Indies' straw lists. And A very large let of goods. To bo sold without reserve. At 11 o'clock Bharp. _Tem«, Liberal, at Sale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 62 Cases of Saddlory. Ironmongery. Plated Wire. Ex Planet. For Unresorvod Sale. THUUSEB and COHEN will SELL by AUO ,1* TION, at tho Mart, on an early day, duo noilco oTwbich « 111 be given, Ex Planet, Pincirclo, MIZ at tide, 02 casos, consisting of Fortablo children's perambulator» Wood screw a Half-tester bedsteads Brougham lamps, stained glass Cutlery CaBt-iron kitchen grates All-ovor-hogskln gentlemen's eaddl s Do ladioe' embroidered do Waggoners' whips Gillott's pens Klcctro-plato dessert dlshe» Do note and cake bnkcts De elishcovers Bl.ck-tin do Wovo iron wire cloth Lattlco wiro Registered Iron troys Dlningroom grates, polished bart', A ho, London-built wicker dogcarts, patci.t «prir-gi and mall axles, lancewood shafts. Terms at Sale. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Boots and Shoos. Ex Shalimar. Manufactured by James Davies and Son. For Unreserved Solo. JNBASEB and COHEN havo received In- struction» from Messrs, Ii. Towus and Co LL by AUOl'ION, at the Mart, in a few days, as Boon ns Undod, duo notice of which will be given, Ex Shalimar, ïlio following superior and scasontblo invoico boots and shoeB, Manufactured by James Davies and Bon. For unrosorved sale. T & Co., li under, 128,124-2 trunks eonllomen's enamelled napo- leon hoot», French dumpB 17fi,120-2 do drovers' kip boot», rough braided 127,128-2 do gentleincn's.host stout half-welling ton boots 120,130-2 do do stout calf wellingtons, bradded 1S1-1S3-3 do (lo stout calf do, Fieuch clumps 184-1 do do, pegged 136, 130- 2 do do wellingtons, bradded 137, 138-2 do do calf princes boots, French clumps 180-1 do do, bratldad 140,141-2 do d i stout kip do 142-1 do do host moak balmoral bool», clastic side», enamolltd and call goloshcd 148-1 do do bent patent boots, elastic sides 1-H, 146-2 do do beBt light merool boot", clastic i ¡ii es, enamelled, goloshcd 140,1(7-2 do do »tout momo! 1 «oin, elasticside», calf, eroloshed, and French clumps 148-1 do do, hrsdded 140-1 do do, calf, golothod 1G0-163- 4 do men's calf blucher boot«, bradded l61, lCfi-2 do (in, doublo solo 160,117-2 do do kip do, hob-nniled 168-106-8 do do, bradded ICa-1 do gentlemen's best grain chootlng-boots, double cole, bradded 1117170-4 do stockmen'» bett kip lacing boots, rough-braddod 171-170-0 ile, nailed 180-1 do ccutlonion's bcBt enamelled Oxonian shoes, tu laco 161-180-8 do. elastic fronts 187-1 do youths' and hoy»' kip loco boot» 1E8-1 do colored morocco-top balmoral hoots, patent goloshod 180-102-4 do kip blucher boots, bradded 108-106-8 do women's calf laco boots, linen lined, bradded ina-1 do grain boots, 3 to 8 107-t do gill»' calf lace boot», brass-braddod, 10 to 2 11)8-206-8 do ladles' oloth boots, wolt», cltsliu lillee, and to Ince, patent goloshcd 200,207-2 do do kid hoot», well», elastic sides 208-1 do do patent calf slippers liSil sandals, wolta 209, 210-2 do girl«' cloth boots, wolt», 10 to 13 211, 212-2 do giris' cashmore boot», T.P.1I., IO to 13 213,214-2 do children's kid and cashmore hoots, Oto 9 21Í. 216-2 do do oloth boots, patent goloshcd, welts, 4 to 9 217-220-4 do do cordovan boot, welts, T.P.H., 8 to O 221, 222-2 do do kid 2 toe 223, 224-2 do do black cashmere boots, elastic sides 226, 220-2 do do patent calf shoes and straps 227-228-2 do do patent kid and cordovan shoci »nd strap», 2 to 5 210-1 do loilles' velvet slippers, chenille bound 230-1 do do berlin do 231, 282-2 do uo nmrgato do 283-288-G do men's volvet-pllo and bruise!» carpet slipper». Terms-Under lOOi., cash ; abovo that sum, ap- proved acceptances at tinco month»'._ "~" PRELIMINARY NOi'lOE. Boot» and Shoe», Manufactured by James Davies and Son. Ex Or cat Britain. Ï1UABEB and COHEN havo received in ' »tractions from .Messrs. R. Towns ond Co. to LL by AUCTION, r»t the Mart, no soon as landed, due notlco of which will be given, The folio"/Ing euperior Invoice of boots and shoer, momifactuted by Jamo« Davies and Bon : EN Great Britain. For unrcsorved sale. T. and Co., M under. 400,487-2 trunks gentlemen's enamel napoleon hoot» 408,409-2 do drovers' »tout kip boot», bradded 470-481-12 do men's stout watorproof mining boots 482-489-8 do gentlemen's calf wellington boots 400,401-2 do do, stout do do, Iraddcd 402-409-8 do do, do calf prlnco boots 600,601-2 do do stout do do . 602-1 do do enamel mock balmoral boots, claBtic aides, enamel goloshcd , ,, 608-510-8 do do holt momol boot», elastic tide», calf, goloshcd .... 611-614-4 do mon'» »tout calf blucher beeta 616-622-8 do do do kip do 628-680-8 do stockmen's kip licing boots 681-1 do youths* watertight do 682-634-8 do youths' and boys' calf blueher do 636,638-2 do women'» calf ¡ace boot», braes bradded 687-640-4 do do oloth weltr, boots 641, £42-2 do do kid-lop bootB, elastic sides 648,644-2 do do enamel bo .ti, welt», elastic side» , , . 616-1 do girls' cloth boot», do, do, patent go loslied, IO to 13 640, £47-2 do do cordovan do do, T. P. H., lo to»8 . j . ,. HE- 1 do do patent calf shoes and strap», welt», 640-1 do children's bett oloth boots, wolli, elastic tide«, T. F. H. Cid-I do do même] boot», wolt«, to button, T. P. H. " 661-664-4 do do cordovan boot», wolt» ,T. P. H. 666-1 do do kid and cloth boots, ela» ,eboot« £66-ldo do patent calf and color nVld shoes and »trap», 2 to 6 «7, ££8-2 do ladies' velvet pilo Mi Brüssel« f (v-602-4 do men's do do and Margate de. T«i«na-Under 1001., cash; above that »um, approved acceptance« at three month«.___ """" THIB DAY. ~~ 16 Oaska Ajtorted Glassware. ?wn BA8EB and COBEN will SELL by ÀJJO .*. -'.xTiiT;*' . v-" |U '""»ÙMtiMiUmwe. ïti»» at B«*i I ÏHIB »AX """^?"^ I 40 Crate« Assorted Grocierr FBA8EB and COHEN will tTET T t. .» TION, at tho maXon Fr!d^br A^C »t 11 o'clock, ' D ¥tm* 'anuaryt^ ... **" Tasmania. 40 crates of earthenware, consiatini of Breakfast cups and saucera Platea Dishes Howls Jug« Hugs Chamber sett Yellowwaro. _Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. " ""*? I 25 Orates Assorted Earthenware INRA8ER and COHEN will SELL fc-r inT at n oin,&tthdr; tooms'on FT^ Dinner sorvloes Breakfast ware Jugs Toilet ware Cops and saucers Plates, {te. _Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ' " 80 Oases of Gounter OoiTeo-Mills, Brushes. 4 Feet French Stones. _ Tinwaro. "C1EA8EB and COHEN will SELL by Alla 30 casoB of Counter cofloe-mills, Mth bags and honre« Black counter do * Do box do Do post do Beam-mills CorncruBhors Doublo-hand brushes 4 foot best French stones Tinwaro Aborted ironmongery. _Torms at Bale. THI8 DAY. On account of whom it may concern. Ex Emma. 2 Cases Writing-Papor. F BASER and COHEN Lave received in- structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their tooms, on Fiiday, January 28, at 11 o'clock, On acoount of whom it may conecto, Ex Emma, M, M In diamond, O and M on Bide, 2 cases writlng-pspor, consisting of Large thin bluo wove post Do croamlald do Do thick do Blue novo medium bank do Kiddle crcamlald post, &c.; Toi ma-Cash. TUEBDAY, FEBRUARY 1. To Capitalists, Truiteos, and Portons Secxisr, Fini. OlasB and Safe Investments. Important Salo by Auction Of one of (bo Finest City Proportion ever Offered in Melcearee, Unequalled Opportunity For Purchasers or Property lu tho most Central Par» Ellrabeth-ttreet. That Well-known Hostelry, tie City Arms Hotel, Situate at the Corner of Elizabeth and Li TroU Streets. Shops and Othor Buildings, Fronting Elizabeth-street. Two Allotments fronting La Trobc-strttl. And, Four Allotments, Fronting a Right-of-Way off La Trobc-strttl. F BASER and COHEN have beta fr vored with instructions from Joha How.». Jsiq., to SELL by AUOTION, on the gre-nai, on Tuesday, February 1, at 12 o'clock, The following valuable city properties, lubditMa) ae follows : Loti. Allotment of land, having a frontage of 42 feet 6 inches lo Elizabeth-Btrect, by a depth or ed« frontage along LaTrobc- streotofSi feet e inebn, on which Is creoted that substantially balli two storied brick building known as the City Amil Hotel, together with tho stab es, outliuiláinp. Ac, tho whole boing ono of tho most comfortsUt and convenient publichousos in the city. Lot, 2. Allotment of land, having a frontago to Eliabcti street of 28 feet 8} Inches, by a depth of Eifert 2 inchos, on which is erected a tivo-storlea brid; shop, at proicnt in tho occupation of Mr. Edirsrt Smith, as a leathor warehouse. Lot 8. Allotment fronting Kllaabeth-sttcot, SB feet l| inches, by a depth of 8! feet 2 Inches, on M birt ii erected a weatherboard building, in the crap. tion of Mr. J. 0. OrasBlo, na a provision store. Lots 4 to 0 have each a frontage to Elizabeth-street of SSftef EJ inches, by a depth of 82 feet 2 inches. Lot 7. Allotment ol land has a Irontago to Ln Tjobe-itreet of l8 foot 11 Inches, by adepth or other (remue of C1 feet 0 Inches along a rlght-of-w ay 12 feet wido. Tills allotmont lias alto a rlgbt-oi-saj st the rear of 12 feet wido. Lot 8. Allotment of land, having a frontago of IS feet It inches to La Trobe-stroct, by adepth of eSftct I inches. Lots 0 to 12 have each a frontago toa right-of-way 12 fett wida,' leading from La Trobo- Btrect, of 23 feet i\ Inches, by a depth of 87 feet 10 inches, The auctioneers, in placing tboabo\ o splendid or* renies hofore tho public, deem it only ntciiiaiyw call attention to tho advantage in point of tituallo* which it possesses in being tituaud in the most hustling thoroughfare in Melbourne, and conseqneallj cdering an opportunity for investment in an an* don lAcdly Improving locality which but rarely en>n. The hotol, situate on allotment Ko. 1, isweh mi lubstsntlally built, is one of tho best-known fcmul ties in Melbourne, ropleto with every conviniese«, and so situated as always to command a iint-iiH bnsIncsB. Tho shop, erected on allotment No. 2, is abo > first-class building. Tho allotments aro all admirably situated for bud riel* purposes. Plans of the above may bo seen at the rooms lie auctioneers. Terms, Llborai, declared at Sale. MONDAY, JANUARY 81. Geelong. Geelong. Geelong, At 1 o'clock. In the Rooms, Great Ryrie-stroot weet. Highly Important Sale. WOOD and E1X have received posifirs Instructions from James Noblo, Eiq" to Sith try AUCTION, at their room», Great Hyjie-.il/af west, Geelong, on Monday, January 81, THE FAIRVIEW HOTEL, Containing 16 spacious room-, sitúalo on Tyar.« Hill, overlooking Fyans Ford and adjacent coun- try. The hotel grouui'a coraptlBO SO acres of rich soil, partially laid out and cultivated, plaited with choice rrnlt-trocB, shrubs, &c;, tho whole securely fenced. The property is roost delightfully situated, and loo much can scaicoly be said in its favor. The land ex- tends to the Uiver Moorabool, along which it ess to extensivo frontage. From the river tlio land stretch« back for some ulstanoo, forming a gentle slop», »ni presenting to tlio eye a magnificent plateau, only it quiring tho plough to develop its biddon virtu«. Its soil 1» of that rich character which Is to he lound along almost tlio whole courso of the far-famed Moo abool. At the termination of this most besutifsl pirtlon of the cstato, the land rises tornertii abi uptly, and at the top of tho ascent is an ex- tensive and well-stocked fruit-garden, so »Hotted a» to bo nicely sholtered from the cold aal i nfavornblo wind», whilst enjoying tho genld wai rath of the sun's rays. Near the garde» lia building which has been used as o pottery, andceclil bo easily mado availablo for a similar purpose. Be- tween the orchard and tho hotel 1» a kllchen-garier, covering Bomo acros of Uno soil ; and on the blgbat t ai t of the land stands The Hotel, in connection with which is a roomy Btable and coats bonte, with other outbuildings. The auctioneers feel that it Is dlfilcult to conter I» the public a correct ldoa of this most valuable pro- < pcrty, and would beg any who willi to make a roly safo and dooidedly profitable investment to look»l the place for themselves. A» a rosort for public recreation this spot I» unri- valled, and would put Montpellier completely In the shade wore tho »ano pains tata» display Its advantages as have been expended on that favorite resort. A» a Bite for Villa Residences tills spot can scarcely be surpassed ; the view lo lae westward Is magnificent, whilst tin proximity of IM estalo tn Geolong rendors It more valuable. For tarda to view, and all particulars, apply to Iii auctioneers, at their offices, Great Ryrie-sttett, Terms very liberal, Tltlo UnQcntablo. _ SATURDAY, JANUARY 20. ' Upper Hawthorne. Splendid Opportunity. MB.OHAMBEBS will SUBMIT to P0BL13 COMPETITION, on the ground, Anlrarf load, on Saturday, January 29, at 2 o'clock, , All that well and substantially built four-rwm» Brick Cottage (Pealaw Cottage), wlthpasiago, detached kitaes, verandah on three sides, two- stalled stably, air house, fowl and pig houses, garden, wit» »J vines and fruit-troes, cultivation paddock, use (8,000 gallons), all securely fenced with «to» fence. , . This property is situated cloie to the reildeaees« C. 0. Duffy, W. H. Pettit, R. Hepburn, «ad *~ King, Esqs. . ., The auctioneer would beg to call the X**T®* attention of parties In quoit of a nice snug r»»»»» It has boen built regardless of expanse, witter« comfort for a respectable family. It 1« wdU«««* easy dlstanco from town, and as this »IB.w»"* time bo the most pleasant drive from Melbean*. when tho Richmond bridge, in course of ereawn," finished, property must ilso at loast 60 per«»*'* value, and the fortunato party who becomes ti»!" chaicr may fairly calculate upon doubling bli capo* Title unexceptionable. _Term» at Bal»._ SALE POSTPONED Until 2 o'clock Saturday, the 28'hiMt. On ttcount o! the proprietor not being ab» MP"' np possession, 1X-BOOM. . COTTAGE under £»» The furnlturo of » gwtlittaft tt\va¡V .* ] Otst*vel|I2lo'clock, Soulh Tarra-W* "" * i 