VICTORIA. The Melbourne has brought us papers, despatched by the Salsette, to the 15th inst. From the Herald of the 14th February we gather the fol- lowing news of the flour and grain markets :- The flour and grain market has presented some signs of in- creased animation, and quotations have consequently been very fully maintained. Country brands of Adelaide flour have been selling at £17 15s, and town do. at £18 to £18 10s. Wheat is quoted at 8s to 8s 3 1/2 per bushel, and bran at 2s. For oats there has been a fair inquiry ; Scotch and Irish are worth 4s 10d to 5s and 5s 2d ; colonial, 6s 3d ; California and Danish, 5s 3d ; and Calcutta, 5s 1d. Maize may be quoted at 5s 1d per bushel, and gram at £11 10s to £12. Hay.-Mr. Fenton reports :-Our market continues to be overstocked with a second class and inferior article, very diffi- cult to sell. I have disposed of 296 loads at the following prices; Best, £8 10s to £9 10s; second and inferior, £6 to £7 10s ; straw, £3 10s to £4. Messrs. Butler and Moss state : There has been a shade better price obtained for best hay, and a little more activity generally, the arrivals being more suited to our demand than for some weeks previously. We obtained the following quotations throughout the week : Best hay, £8 10s to £9 10s ; second and inferior, £6 to £7 10s; straw, £4 to £4 10s. We extract the following from the Melbourne Commercial Report of February 14 :- The great ease in the money market in England, and the difficulty experienced by captalists in finding profitable em- ployment for their money will increase the facilities for advancing upon consignments to this colony. The number of vessels unemployed, and the low rates of freight ruling, will, no doubt, be productive of increasing shipments. We do not, therefore, expect that any relief will be afforded to this market for some time. The opening of the new year has been without any feature of interest, business has con- tinued as dull as before the last mail left, and the Emeu's advices have not had a tendency to improve commercial affairs. The falling off in the immigration is very considerable. It is remarkable that such should be the case, as we hear of much distress prevailing at home, and but little inducement offered to emigrants in other parts of the world, whilst in this colony there is a vast field of employment for all classes of laborers and artizans. We should be glad to see some system of free emigration adopted, or other facilities given to induce a larger amount of emigration to this colony. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce have decided not to acknowledge the new arrangements entered into by the Home Government with the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company, and are determined to have a line of their own, via Panama. Steps are about to be taken to accomplish this object. The sales by auction have gone off without spirit and in face of the late advices, dealers do not seem inclined to operate. The arrivals of timber continue. Tea is coming in freely, as also sugar ; and all these articles are falling in value. The returns show a large decrease in the yield of gold for the month, but it is reported that the new gold-fields on the Dandenong Range have turned out very rich, and are attract- ing numbers to them. In the money market there is a large amount of capital seeking investment on mortgage or other first-class securi- ties, at moderate rates of interest ; but for discounts the rates remain the same. High rates of interest are still being paid for loans, for short periods. 