VIC rOEIA. By the arrival of the Csesar we have received one day's later newB from Melbourne. The only paper to hand is a Herald of the 12th instant, from which we make the following extracts Chamber of Commerce.—Mr. C. E. Bright was, on Friday, November XI, duly elected President of the Melbourne Chamber of Com merce, vice Wm. Nicholson, Esq., resigned. The Cafe Otway Coed-meeds.—The Geelong Advertiser states that reports of gold discoveries in the Cape Otway ranges have been made from time to time during the last eight years. The following has been handed to them for publication. They believe that dependence can be placed upon the good faith of the writer; and one tempting part of his proposition is, that he wants no money till the i gold-field is " fully establishedI "to the editor of the geexong advertiser. " Sir—It is about 10 months since I and a party went to search for gold in the Cape Otway district-. I have succeedud in finding some, enough to give me hopes that I can find more, and, most likely, what will lead to a per manent gold-field; and as it would be of the greatest service to Geelong that a gold-field should be discovered in that direction, I would be willing to give it another trial, providing that the people of Geelang will guarantee to me and the party that goes with me the sum of £1,000,' and further, that they will seek to get from the Government a sufficient remune ration for our services. Let it be fully under stood that I do not require any assistance or reward from the public until the gold-field is fully established. Henry Dowxing, Keera street, Ashby." Ex-Ministers.—With regard to the practice of ex-Ministcrs retaining their seats in the Executive Council, the Sydney Herald of a recent date says:—" Iu conformity to the iustmclions conveyed in the despatch recently received- from the Secretary of ■ State, the Governor-General has required Mr. Cowper and his colleagues, on retiring fi-om their oflLes es Ministers, to resign also their seats in the Executive Council. Several other gentlemen, who were members of former administrations, have had a similar request intimated to them by His Excellency." The German Masons.—We understand that the Germans imported by Messrs. Cor nish & Bruce are in receipt of a daily sum from the Masons' Society. It is stated that the money lodged by the immigrants with the agent of the vessel at home previous to depar ture has been impounded by Mr. Bruce until the men proceed to work. We have also heard it rumoured that about half a dozen of those of l he immigrants who actually are masons were invited into a stone-cutting establishment the other day, and gave such an exhibition of their capabilities as satisfied the owner of the works that he should prefer one British mason to six of the new arrivals. Nationae Bane.—Tn the Supreme Court, on the 11th, the case of Gibb v. National Bank Company was tried. The plaintiff had re ceived as compensation for bis services £1,000, and 100 Bank shares, for which he had given his receipt in full of all demands. At the time this settlement was made £2 per share had been called up, and the plaintiff now sued for £300, the difference between the value of the shares at the time they were given and their full nominal value of £5 each. The defendants contended that the shares were given at their paid-up value at the time of settlement, and that they were so considered in awarding the amount of compensation to Mr. Gibb. The plaintiff was nonsuited. Better Head than Alive.-—An exhibition of the stuffed carcases of two alligators, which were shot by Mr. Thomas Craig, on the Fitzroy Stiver, took place yesterday, at Eate's-buildings. The specimens exhibited were only two In number, but they consisted of the carcases of animals not generally supposed to exist here. The male alligator was 19 feet in length mid nine feet in circumference. The distance from, the angle of the jaws to the snout of the reptile was nearly two feet. The tusks were, on an average, about an inch and a quarter long, but many had apparently been broken by sub marine conflict". The female alligator was about 11 feet in length, and showed in a lesser degree the same formidable power possessed by her masculine companion. Sporting.—The following account of the second day of the Victorian Turf Club meeting is from the Herald of the 12th inatant "The bell waB rang for the first race—the Victorian Turf Club Herby—at 1 o'clock. Only two competitors came to the post, Harold having been scratched. It was re gretted by many that the latter did not ap pear to prove his ability to hold the laurels awarded to him yesterday from his distanced competitor. The race was a gift to the Buz zard colt who waited closely upon Banjo to the gate, from whence he raced him to the hill, at which point he drew to the fore and won as he liked. The Victoria Plate was the race upon which the greatest interest was undoubtedly centered. The heroes that were to contend for the palm, and the conditions of the race, caused it almost to'absorb tha spirit of the day. Cam den and Nimbletoe were scratched, only five horses stripping for the contest. The ap parently tip top condition of the old black duffer' made him the admired of all beholders. The silky glossiness of his coat was veritably resplendent, and not one superfluous ounce of flesh marked his excellent appearance. Bat it availed him nought, and his position in the race was that of the dunces at school. Old Flatcatcher looked fit to earn a victory if it was still in him, and the hopes of his friends were revived by his appearance. . Nutwith looked as fit to go as when he pulled off the Jockey Club Plate. Another mile would have made the chesnut tease the champion. Strop hardly looked in victor's form, and his gallant spirit at the finish, almost surprised his warmest friends. The Buck hardly presented the tip-top con dition he carried on the Champion day, and liis appearance when stripped induced one or two of the knowing ones to put on their money i against him. But the little hero more vindicated his trainer's credit. A good start was effected, but the race was won from the commencement. The Buck jumped off with a long lead, and a round of cheers as he passed the grand stand had been re-echoed on the hill when his competitors put in their appearance. Patting the Buck out of the question, a good race remained between the other four. But the little champion was never caught, and won as he liked by any number of lengths. Nutwith was second, and Strop, by a game effort, beat. Flatcatcher for a third place. The old black duffer brought up the rear. " The Selling Stakes brought 12 horses to the post. Wildrake procured Mr. Huppa another victory to swell his list upon the Victorian turf, but the prize was well contested, and only wrested from Dispatch by a neck. " For the Hurdle Eace, the last upon the card, only Storm was scratched, nine horses appearing on the course. The objections that were made to the unnecessary "stiffness and height of the hurdles used at the Jockey Club and Artilleiy meetings have been regarded by the Stewards of the Turf Club. But the transi tion is almost to the' other extreme—-common, sheep hurdles of the lightest make, and but little over three feet high, are hardly sufficient to test the jumping powers of any well-bred animal. We welcome the change from the lately-uBed abominations with satisfection, hut would suggest that if those used yesterday were in future to be well bushed up, the legitimate purpose of hurdle-racing would he more easily obtained, without incurring'the dangerous risk veiy properly objected to. There was veiy little betting on the event. Many who regarded the slight leaps as much against Modesty's chance, at her top weight find the increased distance, could hardly jscrew up their courage to the point of laying their money against her. The old mare never ran gamer, but the weight and the distance robbed her of the lanrels. ".Subjoined are the particulars of the racing i- '• "Victoria Tear Club Dbrbv of 150 koto, with a sweep-tikes of 15 aova, for colts only. Weights, 8 st *Jb-. The second hone to receive SOsov*. Net valued the stake*, 237 sots. Mr. H. N. SimsoB's b.c. Blizzard, by Warhawk— Sostbod (Henderson) a j Mr. J. Bathe's b.c. Banjo (Waldock) ... j " Betting—4 to 1 on Buzzard. V The non-favourite went away with the lead, which he kept to the gate. Buzzard then headed him, remained with him to the hill, when he bade him adieu,: and won by half a dozen lengths. Time, 2 mia. 54 sec. "The Victoria Pun of 101 «ova_ with a sweep Webftt forage. Distance, two raUeB Mr. W. G, Ynille g b.g. Pi jingBtjck, 3 yr«_ by War* hawVorBomulos—Wilhelmlna,6et.lllb. (Yeendl 1 Mr. ReiHy nr. ch g. Natwith, sged (Bentley) S I; Jv'hteatcher, 5 yis. (Perkins) ... ( Mr. W. P. Stimuli's tiLg. The Moor, aged (Havea) ( Mr. H. Bed wood's b*. Strop, aged (8. CutU) < "Betting—Even on Flying Buck, 4 to 1 agst. Nutwith, 5 to 1 each agst. Flateateha and The Moor. Flying Buck took - the lead immediate?1 after the start, was 20 lengths ahead at the las turn tha first time round, and without beini approached won by eight lengths., Betweei in J? th«« was a good race.' Nutwitl led the way to the Stand the firat time round wtai ha resigned to The - Moor, Fiatcatche SiS?* fourth. ;\Afc the next ton FUtoatcher was second, but at ~the gate w& again passed by Nutwitb, who obtained the | lead opposite the Stand, The Moor second, Strop third, and Flatcatcher last- -At the hill Flatcatcher went to the front, and The Moor •fell off last; the grey went on decreasing the gap between himself and Flying Buck to the turn, when Nutwith again overhauled him, and after a good race secured second place by a couple of lengths, Strop, who passed Flat catcher in front of the Stand, finishing third. The Moor was 10 lengths behind Flatcatcher. | Time, 3 min. 51 sec. " The Selling Stakes of 60 eavs. Entrance, 6 sovs. Oae mile and a half and di&tance.; Weight Tor age, with j conditions and allowances. If entered to he sold for i £160, allowed 10 lb.; for £100. allowed 81b.; for £30, allowed It lb.; for £30, allowed 21 lb.; for £1allowed 28 lb. The winner to be sold by auction, &c.; Mr. Dappa'e b.g. Wildrahe, 4 yra., (Snell) 1 Mr. Teend'e cb.m. Dispatch, 6 yr?., £50 (Hamilton) 2 Mr. Taille's b.f. Birdssing, 3 yrs., £50 (Teend) ... 0 Mr. Hamilton's b.m. Sunbeam, tyre., £1.0 (Morrison) O. Mr. Hamilton ns. b.g. Cberryman, aged, £50 (Bishop) ... 0 Mr. J. Abbott's b.g. Warhawk, 6 yrs., £50 (J. Mitchell) ... O Mr. Bavin's b.g. Bad Deer, 4 yrs., £159 (Henderson) 0 Mr. Filgate's ch.g. Tartar, aged, £30 (Robinson) O Mr. Bathe's b.g. Van Tromp, aged, £50 (Waldocb).., 0 Mr. Bond's ch.tn. Starlight, 6 yrs., £)0 (Hotton) ... 0 Mr. Rutland's b.g. Peterborough, 4 yrs., £39 (Dow ling) 0 Mr. Phillips's br.g. Flying For, 6 yrs., £33 fCarter) 0 " Bettiug—5 to 1 each agst. Starlight, Wildrake, Birdswiug, and Yan Troinp; 6 to 1 | agst. Tartar, and 10 to 1 agst. Peterborough; 12 to 1 agst. Warhawk. " Artcr a false 6tart, Birdswiug jumped off I with the lead, which she soon yielded to Suu- * beam, but again went to the fore after passing the Stand, Dispatch third. At the gate Birds wing had a good lead, Dispatch second, Sun beam third, and Warhawk, who waB leading | rack, fourth, Bed Deer bringing up the rear. Opposite the Stand. Dispatch was three lengths ahead, but at the hill all were in close order, with Wildrake making rapid strides to the front. The last-named twain ran almost neck and neck until opposite the Stand, when Wild rake shook Dispatch off and won cleverly by a length. Time, 3 min. 1 sec. " The Sbbiso Handicap Hcbhie Race of 103 sovs twice round tbe course and distance. Mr. W. C, Yuille's b.g. Orphan, aged, 10 St., carried 10 st. 3 lb., (Campbell) Mr. Allen's b.g. Eiachen, age.3,9 st. (ffaldoek) Mr. J. Key's gr.in. Modesty, aged, 11 st. 7 lb. (Mahon) Mr. Abbolfs b.g.Walkover, aged, 10 st. 7 lb., carried 10 st. 10 lb. (Abbott) Mr. Harcoan's br.g. Tramp, aged, 9 st. 7 lh.(Simpson) Mr. Johnson's gr.g. Pioneer, a red, 9 st.carriedO sL 4 lb. (West) Mr. G. Watson's br.g. Gaylad, 5 years, 9 st. (Robin son) Mr. Green&way;'s br.g. Sam Stick, aged, 8 st. 7 lb. (E. Bishop) ... Mr. Evan's b.g. Orlando, aged, 8 st (Dowling) " After one false start Pioneer was the first to charge the first flight of hurdles, followed by Gay lad and Walkover. In front of the | Stand Sam Slick led the way, followed by Modesty, Gaylad, Walkover, Orlando, and Orphan in the order named. After passing the ] gate Walkover overhauled Modesty, but oppo site the Stand had again yielded to her; Sam Slick still in possession of a strong lead, Gaylad second, and Orlando fifth. Modesty then improved her pace, and from the hill to the Stand the second time round she and Sam Slick were almost neck and neck, the latter jnst showing in front, with I "Walkover in close waiting. At the nest turn | Kinchen made play, and opposite the Stand ' was second, Modesty at this juncture holding I the lead, Orlando third, Orphan fourth, and I Walkover fifth. At the hill, Campbell took 1 Orphan to the front, and, after a splendid race | home from thence between Orphan, Kinchen, and Modesty, the first-named won by a length, three lengths separating Kinchen from Modesty. | Walkover was fourth, Pioneer fifth, and Gay lad sixth. Orlando and Tramp fell at the I hill." _ 1 By the P. & O. Company's mail-steamer Benares we have Melbourne papers to the 19th ! instant, from which we extract various items ofnews:— The Mails.—It appears from the following I remarks extracted from the Examiner of the | 19tli that nothing further is known in Mel bourne with regard to the Kangaroo Island telegraph than we are already acquainted I with:—" A telegram which arrived from Ade laide on Wednesday inf-jrms us that de spatches have been received from the Home | Government stating that, unless telegraphic communication is established with Kaugaroo Island, the mail steamers will cease calling j there. The South Australian Parliament is not sitting at present, so that no immediate steps can he taken. The anticipated cost of j the work is stated to be £15,000, and its com- j pletion would enable the Euglish news to reach the neighbouring colonies six hours | earlier than is at present possible. The South Australians cannot complain of this resolution on the part of the Home Government. If they wish to receive the earliest intelligence from the Old World they must keep up with the times in other respects. The telegraphic communication between Adelaide and Kan garoo Island ought to have bceu established ere this, and so have prevented the necessity j for this warning kick from the Colonial Office. Down with your wires, neighbour • and in the 1 midst of your agricultural labours "don't neglect to cultivate a little nineteenth-century go-aheadism." The Melbourne Masons.—A public meet ing of operatives, over which Mr. Everard, M.L.A., presided, was held yesterday evening in the Trades* IIall. About 500 persons were present. The meeting was convened for the purpose of submitting a report of the steps which had been taken in . reference to the recently imported Germans. From its con tents it would appear that they have dispersed over the country in search of employment, and that their connection with Mr. Bruce is at an end; an acceptance from each for the amount of his passage-money (£16), obtained prior to 1 embarkation, being the only "bond of union." 1 It appears also from this document that a Mr. j JhliuB Xippman, who was dispatched by Messrs. Cornish & Bruce for the purpose of engaging these men, and induced them in Germany to sign a contract, by which they were bound, on their arrival in the colony, to hoard with him or his agents for the period of their engagement with the railway contractors, under a penalty of £10, this sum to. .be for feited also if, by reason of "quarrelsome or ir regular behaviour, Mr. Dippman should he compelled to refuse to board any of them any ' longer."—Arc/as. Volunteers.—Although rumours of wars ' have somewhat subsided it is satisfactory to know that many of the inhabitants of the colony who, during the late volunteer excite ment enrolled their names as riflemen, have proved themselves sincere in taking such a step. At Bichmond the rifle corps musters about 50 members—men who turn out for matutinal drilling, and who indulge'in the same exercise on certain evenings of the week. On Wednesday and Friday-drilling is. made compulsory^ and the members of the Richmond " brigade" have, proved such apt scholars that' next week they are to be entrusted with fire arms. The corps has been inspected on several occasions by Captain Hall and Colonel Pitt, both of which gentlemen have expressed their satisfaction at -the progress made by it under j the supervision of Sergeant Macpherson.— Argus. .Mavoe's Salary.—At themeeting of the ' City Council on Monday last, it was resolved I that the Mayor's allowance should be fixed at | £1,000 as heretofore. An amendment was [ proposed with a view to curtail it £100, but was negatived.—Age. s Pledro-pnbhmonia.—After several sittings,1 the " Pleuro-pneumonia Committee," as we may call them for shortness, have at length committed tire provisions of their proposed Bill to paper, and these are, in snbBtance, as fol low:—All owners of imported cattle must be pro vided with certificates or-declarations on oath that the arrimals have never been themselves dis eased, Or in a diseased herd; and with a eertifi: cate from a veterinary surgeon -that "'they were in perfect health at the time of shipment. -On arrival, here such cattle -are not to be landed" without a permit from an officially-appointed Inspector of Stock. ' Diseased cattle" may be destroyed by order of the nearest Court of Petty Sessions, which tribunal is also to certify to the amount of compensation, according to fixed scales." If only suspected of disease, cattle are to be placed in quarantine for a ;certain period, and their -removal is forbidden under heavy penalties. Where colonial herds are-under supposition of disease, these are to be quarantined on their own runs, and the owners of euch cattle will-be required to give the earliest possible -notice to the nearest Inspector, and to render «veiy assis tance required. In the absence of Inspectors, the nearestConrts of Petty Sessions are to he em powered to take all necessary steps on applica tion of the owners. Penalties are to be sued for by the Inspectors, but all matters for adju dication arftto be left to Courts of Petty Ses sions, with right of appeal to County Courts., Funds will be required to carry out the pro3' visions of tbe Act, and .it is not yet decided whether these should be supplied by a Govern ment assessment on all the cattle in the colony, or ' by voluntary contributions' from those | owners who may wish to ensure themselves against total joss. Sucnare "the main features of the proposed Bill; and it.-promises to sub-.. Berve satisfactorily the objects of the Com mittee, -namely—to-provide securityagainBt the: future .introduction or spreadbf the" disease, without Jh - any way discouraging theimpor-' tntion of stock fi om England or elsewhere.—' Argus. Camels.—The Malta brings from Aden six camels for this Government, four of which are males, and two females. They were in very good condition, and were landed early yester day. The Argus adds the following:—"It was erroneously supposed by the Government authorities, in common with ourselves, that the six camels brought by the Malta were an instalment of those ordered by Government from India. We learn that they were imported upon speculation. It is expected, however, that they will be secured for the exploring ex pedition. The animals arrived in excellent condition, under the care of two Arabs, and were removed to the Zoological Reserve." Adsiell'a Liteeatuee.—We have received a volume, entitled " Narrative of the Shipwreck of the Admella," by Mr. Samuel Mossman. Here the sad story of the Admella is told with. a miouteness—and, since it appears under the sanction of the Committee of the "Admella Fund," we are justified in taking it for granted with an accuracy as to matters of fact, which must strongly commend it to a Melbourne public. Eveiy particular connected with the wreck, with the survivors, aud with the Relief Fund is here recorded. Not the least recom-' meadation this veiy interesting volume carries with it is the fact that the proceeds of the sale will, as we understand, be given to the Relief Fund. A good map of the coast, and a" sketch of the wreck at the time of the rescue, by Mr. J. Fawthrop, who commanded the Portland lifeboat in the rescue, add value to this in teresting record of an event which will long retain a place in the memory of the public of Victoria.—Argus. Fxee ox Boabd the Ship Hebald op the Morning.—A fire occurred on board the ship Herald of the Morning on Wednesday night last. The following particulars of the accident have been furnished:—At about 11 o'clock on Tnesday night, Captain Rudolph, the master of the vessel, Dr. Costerton (the surgeon), and his lady retired to rest, every thing appearing perfectly safe. At about a quarter-past 12 the captain, awakened by the cry of ".Fire!" from one of the seamen,"who was aroused by the smell of smoke, proceeded on deck, when lie perceived frames issuing from the fore part of the vessel. Thinking, how ever, that the fire was in the galley—it bavin" the appearance of being in the deck-house—he at once ordered the fire-engine and hose to be rigged, and commenced throwing water upon the frames. Rockets were fired and the ship's bell rang out the notes of alarm, as upon further examination it was discovered that there was a large volume of flame in the hold. Assistance was most promptly rendered by the boats of H.M. ships Pelorus and Victoria, the ■ Chief and Deputy Harbour-Masters, the Superinten dent and carpenters from the marine yard, and the steam-tugs Sophia, Lioness, and Kangaroo. The 6hip was at this time lying off the San dridge Jetty. One anchor was speedily slipped, but before the other was ready the flames were so strong that the men found it impossible to let it go. Accordingly, the ship hung on till daybreak, when the chain was cut from the outside. The vessel was then towed by the tugs Sophia and Lioness close to the shore at Sandridge, where she now remains. The flames, on breaking through the deck, increased with such rapidity that within a few minutes the vessel was entirely on fire aloft, | yards and masts goiug one by one until 4 a.m. when her lower masts went over the side witl a terrific crash, breaking through the deck ant topaides, which were almost charred through Several attempts were made lo scuttle the shij where she lay, but she burned so rapidly thai by the time the holes were cut throngh hei sides, she lightened to such an extent that the were of no avail. In proof of this, she ros" more than four feet forward before her mast fell. Her cargo consisted principally of an irot bridge intended to cross the Yarra Yarra a Hawthorne, and several tons of water-pipes ordered by the Sewerage and Water Commis sion for the supply of water to Sandridge. Sb had also some case goods, veiy little of whicl had been landed (we believe sufficient to fil two lighters only). Captain Rudolph, witl the Deputy Harbour-Master and officers of th men-of-war, remained on deck until the las! only leaving.the ship when forced to do so b; the flames bursting throngh the deck, whici was burned to a cinder. The alacrity witl which the boats' crews from the men-of-wai under the command of Messrs. Gorbett an< Collins, and Messrs. Norman, Griffiths, an< Home, the Harbour Department (who evei now have not a float inn-engine, although th necessity of having one has been so frequent!; adverted to), and the steam-lugs, were on th" spot, the assistance they rendered, and thi order which was kept, were highly commen dable; and we are happy to say no acciden has occurred, although several men, especially the carpenters -working on the stages along side, were frequently in imminent danger Captain Rudolph's losses are veiy heavy, as in spite of the care displayed by the captair of the Saldanha, who succeeded in saving a largi amount of property, many of his 'persona effects were destroyed,. and abont £400 wortl of merchandise, all uninsured. We understand that a great deal of plunder was carried on— cases of tobacco being stolen, and also a bo: belonging to the surgeon, containing a largi amount of gold coin. The origin of the fin has not as yet been ascertained, but it is gene rally supposed to have been caused by tbi spontaneous combustion of some coals (abou 89 tons) which were stowed in the ship. I was asserted by one of the crew that, previoui to the fire breaking out, the water pumpet from the hold was very hot, bat no notic< appears to have bseu.given of such a fact. Herald of the Morning was a veiy fine sb and lately arrived with 419 Government imi grants. She was but four years old, and built (expressly for trading to this colony) St. John's, N.B. We may mention that I Melbourne Fire Brigade was at Sandridge so after the fire was known in Melbourne. !1 ship, we understand, was not insured, nor t ironwork for the .Hawthorne Bridge.—Argtu COSfMEBCIAL. The Argus in its latest agricultural rep says 'the demand far fl jut has improved agaiD, and pri have rather advanced. Up- coamrj stocks are no do Tanning short, and .during the next two months a« tain amount of bnsincss will have to be transacted, I this will scarcely snBice to cause any material incre of value,'even though the Adelaide market is repor to be reviving, and the holders' there to be seeking - vaneed prices once again, after the subsidence of tt panic. Along with the imports from other places, may look for the arrival of .some, probably not a an quantity, Soar from Western Australia; hat after coming harvest in that colony there is expected to a considerable surplus for exportation.. A greatly creased breadth of land is now ander grain there,s by last accounts the crops promised to be better tl for.many yean put. As flour ia in better demand b< wheat is, of coarse, in moio request, but little is r offering for eale- In other descriptfons'of grain th has been no change since last week. The hay marke still very fully supplied; and as new hay is now sen! trussed, and in very good order, except as to greenn and extra weight; inferior loads of old hay are to had at almost any pric *. Good loads of superior qua are, however, readily disposed of. The same journal in its English Sammi has the-following:— ' The hay harvest is now commencing, and we hi still the same prospect of good and abondant crops all hinds. Complaints there are, of coarse, as usual mischief done by the hot winds or by too much ri by the severe hailstorms that visfted some parts of ■ ooontry, or' by the blight, whether of the known little understood kinds; but the reports from the ffi important districts all agree that the -bulk of the or is looking remarkably well, and that there iris not b for some years put at ads season such fair prospect < good harvest. In the interior, much of the new b has been sown with wheat; so that unless some v unfavourable weather should come to mar onr pros preapects, we will this year make a great stride towa providing within our own territory a foHsopply of bre tuffs. This; the dullest season of the Australian year,'! been even duller than. nana]. Trade has been qi since the date of onr laatSnmmaxy, the money mar! tight; and rumours have to a considerable -extent oc Died the time nsoaliy devoted to business. The hei loss s enitsmed fay -holders of flour, grain, batter, 4 gave the impetus to ths romoar symem, - which fell .o declining market, andspread rapidly. Notwithetsnd: this, the month has passed away without a failure cnumercial circles, and wfah less than theusuilquan! of renewals being applied for. The Banks have shown a strong disposition to n row tie limits of their accommodation, and have some instances administered the check suddenly. T has caused the affaire of solvent firms to be made mat of discussion, in public, and has aided in Impartin tone of want or confidence, which has been fietrimer to the interests of importers and shippers. Conine tion has been steady and inarearing, hot the caterers theuBooaliy trade have been cautiouibujers, i have had the command of a declining market. The Argus of the 18thsaye:— In the import market nothing has been done, prepi turns for .the mail engrossing public attention.. Th has been a fair demand for floor at from £19 lor. to t for Adelaide good town brands, and foe a portion of : cargo of Chilian ex Favourite {which ia reported to b< fine quality) £18 per ton has been procured. In 'i stock and share market business hasbeen doll, and < quotations are nominal. . Hour, Grain, Ac.—The market for this srtirie' continued in an unsettled etato throughout the mot] The arrivals from the west coast of America causa panic, in the market, and prices, which bad beer great measure supported on the reliance of exbsna (supplies in Booth Australia, gave way, and: left : market in a perfect state of prostration. Conn dealers; however, have been at last compelled toco forward to purchase, and considerable orders to taken hack to the out-stations by the returhlngvn drays hsd esused an improved leellng in the mar) ana prices appeared to be settling down eteadfly, about £19 to £1910a. per ton for Adelaide town brae and other sorts at proportionate rates; when .forti arrivals from Valparaiso and Sari Francisco again i settied the market, and there is now no prospect of i advonoe on present rates, mora especially as the ham time of South Australia is close approaching. WbeW Atrthls late period of the season there areof course) few samples, and those of no .extent; offering-in -market. The latest sale reported is of a' parcel about; 1,000 bushels,from the -western district, pla aftwdajs tlnoe at 9s. per bushel. Barley ia so Jars anpplied as to bs-almost cnrxlnabla. The season - malting befog poised lenders the -sale of English v dull, and thetow prtoesof oat» and 'other fovd-oom I rent the sale of C'ni-iaii and Cape. Q rotations for the latter are,however, given at from 3s. «d. to 3s. 93. per bushel. Halt is in bat little enquiry, and, supplies being lar.o, sales are difficult to eSect at the Quotations reported, of Be. 6J. to 9s. per bushel, which may indeed be considered as raerel] "nominal. Oats—The low prices to which the excessive stocks, by continued arrivals:" have caused this grain to fall have increased an unusoal consumption, and induced the belief that prices must shortly rally. Speculators, however, appear fearful of buying, and the amounts taken off by small consumers, although considerable in the aggregate, are insufficient to produce any effect on market prices, which may he quoted as follows, viz.:—Scoth and Irish, 3s. 3d. to 3s. ed.; Danish, 3s, 3d. to 3s. 43.; Califorman,3s. 6d. to 3s. 10d.; Calcutta, 3s. 8d- to 3s. 9d.; colonial, 4s, 3d. to 4s. 6d. per bushel. - -tiram is in fair demand, hnt holders seem indisposed to accept the prices offered, which rule from £9 to £9 10 i. per ton. Maize oomes-forward freely, and owing to the low prices rating for other sorts of feed com is doll of sale, bertsample* efNew South Wales growth not being worth more than 3s. 6d. to 3s. 9d. per bushel. Bran continues in steady demand, aad brings from la. 3d. to Is, 10 3. per bushel. Har Market.—The stpply brought in continues, largely in excess of the demaurf, and sales are conse quently difficult to effect, and the market very dull, h'ew hay is coming in very freely, and sells at from £5 to £5 10s. for trnssed, and at £3 to £3 10s. per ton in bundles. Prime old hay is scarce and wanted, and readily saleable at from £6 to £6 10s. per'ton; whilst the large supplies of low aud stained sorts with whioh the market is crammed move off slowly at almost any procurable price —say from £3 upwards. Straw, £3 to £3 10s. pet ton. 