/SUiffjanTiwe. APPLEF, Pews, Plums, Peaches, and Green PSJ:«jy 8t0rVl 37 mrU2 atreot cast. Jictail. ? « DELAIDE FLOUR, ex Warren Goddard, Admslla, and others : — Maganey's 'Beeby and Dunstan i Poole's Crown Duffield and Turner's. Adelaide wheat, aflnoaample. JHENRIQUES and CO., 6 Willmm^«trect. 4 LTC.-Bass's Pale Ale, bottled by RobcTt'PoTter A and Co., London. Sole agents for Melbourne, Km. Dickson and Co. ? _59_94c _ jjgLAlDE 1'LOCRmd BRAN, on Sale. W. Lawrance, 43t William rtreet ? 52 364 '?SrOUGHAMS, Barouches, Mails, and other lS Pbsotons, Familv Cars, Gigs, Dog-Carts, Se. Btivcn.on and Elliot, c'oaclibuilders, King street. ^46 lo feb b TV.O o T 8 r N D SHOES, * Invoices ot tne above on sale by the undersigned... Napoleons Wellingtons^ Bpringed bluehcrs WtttcrUghts) Shooting boots u ifJlStoai Cnp{n(T-ki(lfi do ilflli WClllQJ^OflS Ledlef kid boot.; Ladies cloth boots GEOKG^'hUGHES, 4 Manchester lane^42 0ollw» ttret* aast. ? 1° ? ^TT^mrS XXX DUBLIN STOUT.-A constant T» Xy of quarts and pints of the ^OTewell Abwu brand of Dublin stout, received by Smith, StrXn, and Co., 43 William street. ^ ^ ^ & BTIAN, Oats, Maisc, and Gram, on sale. VT. uWranco,'43j William street. 49 460 B' TJTTER. — Woolongong hut'er, on Sale, landing this day. W. Lawrance, William street. /CHILIAN and HAXALL FLOUR, on Sale, (j W. Lawrance, 43i William street. 63 364 Ft. OTIR Adelaide, Tasmanian, Haxall, and Chil ean, on Yale. W. Lawrance, 43J William street TtURNITURE, (Brown's Patent). Assortment *?- always on hand, at the sole agents, Miles, King ton, and C-o., 97 Flinders lane west. 40 21 mar 15 HAY. for shipment, picked sample, pressed, oaten, and lucerne, on dale. Thomas Wright, im porter, Swanston street. ? ? T ARGE assortment of now and secondhand English MAIZE, a piime sample, pick of Sydney, always on Sale. Thomas Wright, importer 143 fiwanaton street. ? 48 368 ESS BEEF.- GO tierces, ex Great Britain, now landing. Miles, Kington, and Co., 07 Flin ane west. ? ? JJ 41Z' OIL. — Blsek Oil for Salo, in lota to suit pur chtsors, Miles, Kington, and Co , 97 Flinders Jane west. ' ? 38 40 m' 8 O A T 8 ON SAL E, Scotch, Danish, and Californion. WILLIAM NICHOLSON and CO., 13 Flinders street west. ? 45 mar 4 ON Sale, Hoareand Co.'s Stout, bottled by Morice Cox and Co. William Nicholson nnd Co., 13 Flinders street west, solo agents. 40 39mar '1 ON SALE by tho undersigned : — Cnrtiages, Dogcarts, Gigs, and Harness. R. Goidsbrough and Co., Maiket street. 46 22 feb 17 PltOYISIONS, now landing, on Sale, by tho undersigded — Hams, Yoik and Irisb, Compton's j Bacon, York, middles and bellies, Oompton s Do, C«mbcrlaud Cheese, Cheddar, loaf, aud North Wilts, Compton's Do, broad Cheddars WILES, KINGTON, and CO., 97 Flinder lane «eit. 37 *60 T) aPER- HANGINGS, largest stook iu Melbourne j lotost designs, imported direct from the manu factu us, to tho trado and country storekeepers at prices which defy competition. Henry Brooks, Stephen street south. 50 92 mar 24 PORTER.— Truman, Hanbury, and Buxton's London Stout, bottled by Robert Porter and Co., London. Solo agents for Melbourne, Rae, Dickson and Co. ? ^9 94e RAMSAY BROTHERS and CO., 27 Collins street wei-t, have for sslo — Fnrnitnro, of best English and Scotch manu facture Iron bedsteads (tubular and eolid) Bedding, &e.; Also, Solo Agents for rvden and Son's patent Venetian blinds. 3 63 67 fob 12 THE undersigned respeotfully informs his friends and the public that ho has on sale a superior steak of Wines, Spirits, Beers, &c.;, wilh which he ?will bo happy to supply his wholesale and family oustomers at tho lowest rates. Goods delivered at St. Kilda, Richmond, &c.; George Hull, late Hull Brothers, Wino and Spirit Merchant, 70 Collins street cast. 50 27 ap 22 YAREY'S HAMS.— Tho undersignod hereby gives notice, that ho is Sole Agont in this colony for the Salo of Messrs Varcy and Son's York Hams and Bacon, and that ho is authorised by Messrs Varcy to state that he ships to no other house in tho Australian colonios, nor will ho exocuto ordors for these markets. Tho trade is therefore cautioned against fraudulent mitations of theso justly celebrated provisions. GEORGE HULL, lato HULL BROTHERS, Littio Collins streot oast. 48 27 apl 22 FOR SALE, by FISHER, RICARDS and CO., 114 Collin* street west: — Tobacco, i-lb and tens, superior brands, viz., of A. Thomas and Sons, Honeymoon, Olive Branch, Gem, and Queen of Hearts Bhe op wash, in leaf, stem, and manufactured Dried apples, superior light dried Peaches, in 2 lb tins Lobsters, best brand, 1-lb tins Oysters, do Shovels— long and D-handlo, round and square points, best brands Axes— Collins's heavy, Underbill and Cohoe's, and Sharp's do, and axe-handles Manurti and hay-fork*, hay-rakes, sluice-forks Boys' axes, claw hatchets, hammers, &c.; Meat-outters and ktufl'cra. AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS. Ketchum's celebrated MOWERS and REAPERS, complete Emery's do Thrashers and Separators Do do railway horse- powers Fan mills, American and colonial, of most approved makes Ploughs, harrows, wliipplotrees, seed sowers, and other agricultural implements Express, concord, and road waggons Amoiican Carriages and harness Uny and chaff cutters 65 lfl fob 10 ON Salo by tho undersigned, ex Magna Bona, Chili, Rob Roy, Groyhound, Mormaid, &c.;, 'to., — New Kont hops Neva stearine candles Ilalo's patont sperm do SardincB Lea and Perrin's Woroester sauce Prico and Co.'s perfumery Yurey's York hams and bacon Corks, ginger beer, &o.; Pianofortes Parchment Byass' alo and stout, pints^and quarts Allsopp's by Friend, do Iud Coope's Burton ale in bulk BaBs' No. 3 do do Taylor Walker's stout do Devonshire cyder in lihils and bottle Carriage lamp candles Snltzer Water, pints and quarta Choice claret, hock, moselle, sauterne, cham pagne, Barsac, Burgundy, Madeira, &c;, &c.; Do ports, from tingle to fivo diamond Do sherries, Cosena', Burdona', Garvies', Amon tillado, Paul Dastis, &s.;, &c.; Do ftrst-olass brandies, whiskey, rum, Geneva, English gin, cordials, bitters, &c.;, &c.;, &o.; Orders delivered within four miles of town. GEORQii HULL, lato HULL BROTHERS, 70 Littio Collins street east. 48 27 A pril 22 IRON YARD, 245 Elizabeth street, next g J ohn's Church : — | Bar and rod iron, BBH crown, monthly ship Rents . Sheet and hoop iron, boilor plate Steel, cast, blister, shear and spring Horse-nails, anvils, bellows, sledge ifid hand Gammers Galvanized plain and corrugated iron Spouting, ridging, down-pipe, &c.; I Wire fencing, plain and galvanised 1 Black and galvanised wire netting, 1J to 4 feet J wide , Axlo arms and boxes, axle blocks, ' Carron' J1 boxes ,, Sheet lead, 4, 5, Gib * Lead piping Horse-shoes, light, medium, and heavy Pig iron, Kentledge. *' BRISCOE and CO., 66 and 68 Elizabeth street ; 81 WM. BRISCOE and SON, Wolverhampton. cl ? 39 24 apl 19 ON SAL li, by tho Undersigned , — Martell and Hennessey's brandy j Sherry, pale and brown -» Port, Taylor and Offley's Geneva, JDKZ and key P Whiskey, Scotch, in hhds Rum, Demtrara, 10 and 30 o,p. a Ale, Salt's, and Worthington and Robinson's, in bottle 1 Tobacco, honeydew, J pounds Sugar, Mauritius, crystals and ration Teas, congou, in chests, halves, end boxes _ Sago, coarse and tine Oils, Whybrow's and Feasts, in pints and halves J Starch, Orlando Jones's, white and blue Washing soda, in 2-cwt casks 11 Carbonate of soda, in kegs £ Vinegar, Champion's, No. 24, In quar tor a ' Woolpacks, 10J and 94 lb r Cornsacks, 3 bushels each. RAE, DICKSON, and CO., Queen stre . f ? 0 75c » ON SALE, by the undersigned, ex Royal Charter, Florence Nightingale, &c.; — Regatta shirts, asiorted 1 White shirts, linen fronts J Do, Parisian, &c; , do. Scotch twills p Bergo shirts, assorted c Mole trousers ? Patent ribbed do j Bedford cord do u Tweed and doeskin do i Do coatees and vests. £ WM. P. MUIR and CO., 107 Flinders lane east. ? 46 388 -j 89 QUEEN STREET. \ ON SALE by the Undersigned.— Teas, of best chops Coffees, raw, roasted, and ground Sugars, loaf, Cossipore, Mauritius, Manilla, &o.; Cheese, Cheddars, Wilts, Dunl p, &c.; Butter, Gould's, Houan's Pork, Irish prime moss, in whole and £ half barrels , Salmon, pickled, in tierces and half-tiercei c Salmon, fresh, 1 and 2 lb tins , Herrings, Lochiine,in kegs and tins c Herrings, red, in 2 doz. and 1 doz. tins c Hams, English, American, and Belfast Bacon, English and Belfast Salt, coarso and Une, drums and jari Currants, in barrels and caroteels ] Spices, in tins and loose e Raisins, in casks and boxes j Nuts, of all kinds j Jams, assorted brands, in tint and jars j Fruits, do do c Pickles, quarts and pints, Batty's, Feast's, &c.; Balad oils, assorted, quarts, pints, and half- pints j Mustard, in tins and bottles t Biscuits, fancy and plain a Flour, Adelaide and Tasmanian j Barley, peas, oatmeal, &c.; s Oats, gram, maize, bran. &C.; ( Rice, Patna, Carolina and China t Arrowroot, groats, sago, &c.; : Candles, Belmont, Neva, Franoh, adaman ( tine and composite ( Matches, I.N.E., and wax vostaa ( Soaps, doublo crown, colomai, &c.; ( Soda, washing ( Blue, thumb . Wtarch, Coleman's and Glonilold'i Tobacco, twist, small plug, and honeydew Pipes, cutties, milos, yachting, Ac. , Picks, axes, Bhovels, &c.; ? Axo and pick handles, &o.; } Nailo, of sizes ( Tacks, assorted Buckets, tubs, brooms, &c.; j Paper and paper bags Vinegars, whito and brown, in cask» Brandies, in and out of bond, of »uperior ( quality . Porters and ales, all brands Syrups, fancy wines, &c.; j Wines, in bulk und cases , Rope, Manilla of sizes Calcutta lines, twines, &a.; Boots and shoes, large assortment ' Blankets, scrgo shirts, jumpers, &o.;, &0\. j Trowsers, moles, cords, tweods, &o.; J Matting, calicoes, canvas, &c.; , Also, always on hand, a large assortment of soft j Boods suitable for country stores and station purposes. A R. CRUIKSHANK & CO., 89 QUEEN STREET. 45 84 mar 1 ON S A L E by tho undersigned— Holloway's medicines Quininie, Howard's Varnishes, Harland'a Compd. ext. sarsaparilla \ sattA H*»'' Do do do in bulk / Oil of peppermint Essence of lemon Orris root, Borax White and bees wcx : Blue stono i Linseed meal i Carraway Beeds i Camomile flowers Refined and Solazzt juioa -- Cochineal, camphor Acetic and raspberry acid ' Orange and lemon peel Nitrate of silver, pearloshes Nelson's gelatine, in packots Do do, loose Russian and patent islinglasi Alum, linseed - Also, i Druggists' sundries, consisting of— i Stock bottles and jars I Medicine bottles, from 1 dr. to 8 oi i Perfume do Glass syringes, 1 oz. and 2 ot. Graduated measures, 1 dr. to 20 Ol. I Pill and chip boxes ' Vial corks, surgeon's tow Isinglassplastcr Court and adhesive plaster Fcedingbottlcs Surgeon's lint ' Taylor's do 1 Puffs and boxes Hair, nail, and tooth brushes ' Nelson's gelatine lozenges Surgical instruments Perfumery, Atkinson's Tortoiscshell side and back comb Elastic stockings and knee cops Gallipots, nested 1 oz. to 4 oz. Locock's wafers Murray's magnesia &c.; &c.; &o.; GEO. HUGHES, 4 Manchester lane, 42 Collins street, east. 47 40c i&otice;#. Ancient ordeiiof foresters, court VICTORIA. Anniversary Ball nnd Supper in aid of tho Benovolent Funds of the above Court, Will be hold at tho Protestant Hall, on Tuesday even ing, February 8. Members of the several Courts, and Friends, are invited. M. C., Mr Denning, whero ticketB may be ob tained. Further particulars see bills. 8 336 alt QU Y OF MELBOURNE Notice is hereby given, that applications will ho received at tho Town Clerk's Office, Town Hall, till twolvo o'clock noon, oil Monday next, the 7tli inst., from persons desirous of acting as Agents for tho Salo of Manure for the City Council. Further information may be obtained on application at the office of tho Town Clerk. Applications must bo addressed to tho Right Worshipful tho Mayor, and endorsed ' Application for Agency for the Sale of Munure.' E. G. FITZGIBBGN, Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Office, Town Hall, Melbourne, Feb. 1, 1859. 40 336 wed frsa ' i Nottcctr. QUNOLLY HOSPITAL. Tho Committee of tho Dunolly Hospital have ex FT :nded the time for receiving Dssigns for tho above JL nstitution until 20th February, 1859. has For particulars see former advertisements. ARTHUR FARQUHAR, Secretary. 11 328 feb 4 7 JJOTHAM WARD SEPARATION. T A meeting of the Separation Committee will be eld at tho Ayrthire Arms, Chetwynd street, at _ all-past seven o'clock, a.m., Monday evening, 7th 1 'cbruary, 1869. Business: To receive a Progress Report by the Sub-Committee nd to consider what courss should bo adopted to :cure the accomplishment of separation. All iater Btcd invited to attend. — 10 410 JAMES MARSHALL, Secretary. [NSURANCE ON AGRICULTURAL i L PRODUCE. for Tho Melbourne Fire Insuranco Company are pre- Su1 ared to receivo Proposals from Farmers, &c.;, for T nsurance on Agricultural Produce, Farming Stock, age nd Implements, and Utensils of Husbandry. C Proposals may bo had on application to tho under- Ad gncd. t J. JAMIESON, Secretary. dot 26 Collin, street west, Melbourne, lbth November 1858 60 8S c London and oriental steam transit «» INSURANCE OFFICE. # N® Tho undeisigncd is authorised to iasure policies of j asuranco on gold-dust, spccie, and goods, by first- at 1 lass steamers to ;India, China, tho Mauritius, or rcc lomcwards by overland route, at current local ~ ates. 'T Policies may, in caso of loss, be made payable, X ither in Melbourno or at tho port of destinotion at be option of the nsturcd. W. H. HAWKES, agent, 44 Elizabeth street. 41 37 o th mo H/TULBOURNE AND HOBSON'S BAY RAIL LYL COMPANY. Notice is hereby given that in accordance with tho novisions of the Act of Council incorporating the ompany, a Special General Meeting of Shareholders vill bo held at the offices, Flinders street, on Tues loy, the 15th day of February, at twelve o'clock loon, to appoint Two Directors in ^place of Henry Jreswick, Esq., who has resigned, and tho lato Samuel Ileape, Esq. Holders of ten or moro shares nro eligiblo as lircctors, and those gentlemen who^ are willing to erve aro requested to signify their intention in vriting to tho Secretary, on or beforo Saturday, tho i2th February. By Order of tho Directors, THOMAS FINLAYSON, 46 367 feb 4 7 9 11 U 15 ? Secretary. jyj£ EL BOURNE ORPHAN ASYLUM. The friends of this institution nro respectfully in 'ormcd the Seventh Annual Meeting will bo held at GI he Protestant Hall, Stephen street, on Wednesday ivening, the 9th. Chair to bo taken at seven o'clock, when tho attendance of all intorested in tho welfare -f the asylum and destitute orphan is earnestly re located/ ? ? ? 6' NOTICE ia hereby given that by Indenture of Assignment, bearing date tho fifth day^ of L'tbruary, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, ind maae between Burton Grave, of Williamstown, n the colony of Victoria, storekeeper, of the first part ; Edwatd Browne and Joseph Heath, of tho city oi Melbourne, in tho colony of Victoria, nforosaid, mer jhants, of the second part, nnd tho sevoral creditors of ;he said Burton Grave, of tho third part : th« said Burton Grave, for the consideration therein men ?ioned, hath granted, sold, assigned, transferred, and let over unto the said Edward Browne and Joseph Ucath, their executors, administrators, and assigns, A »ll and singular, tlio stores, household goads, books, ;rcdits, stock, merchandise, bonds, bills, securities for money, CRt&te;, nnd cfluct't mentioned and particular- ) ized in tho sclicdulo thereto annexed, and also all and svery tho lands and hereditaments, both freehold, :opyhold, and leasehold of him, tho said Buiton Qravc, whatsoever and wheresoever situate, and also all other, tho real and personal property, estate, and effects whatsoever and wheresoever, of tho said Bur- Ml ton Grave, whether in possession, reversion, re mainder, or expectancy (wearing apparel, and neccB- Sfc juries not exceeding 125, only excepted), together with freo and full possession, right, and title of entry, = in and to all and overy, the messuages or tenements, i*d premises wherein tho said several effects are, upon certain trusts thotoin mentioned, for the benefit of the ereditors of the eaid Burton Grave. Aud notice is — hereby further given that the said indenture of as- i\ signment wns duly executed by tho scleral parties XY thereto, of tho first and second parts, in the presence jf and attested by ono of her Majesty's Justices cf tho Pcaco for tho colony of Victoria, according to tho provisions of an act of tho Governor nnd Legislative 011 Council of New South Wales, made and passed in the Ifth year ofthe reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, ^ lumber nine, intituled ' An aot for ths further imondment of the law, and for tho better advance- ' inent of justice.' And notice is hereby further given hat tho said indonturo of assignment is now lying in __ he office of Joseph Aloxander James MacGregor, of 33 Swanston street, Melbourno, for inspection and p axecution. Dated this fifth day of February, a.d. 1859. BURTON GRAVE. E. BROWNE. J. HEA1H. Signed, sealed, and delivered by tho said Burton Grave, Edward Browne, and Joseph Heath, in the presence of _ _ 5 410 J. H. HOLLAND, J.P. NOTICE.— Tho Town business connected with the DacchuB Marsh Stono Quarries will bo con- ™ ducted at 18 Collins street Matson Brotlurs. ? 14 fob 10 g* NOTICE.— To sportsmen, gunmakers, and others. D- Blanch (lato Fulton), 13 Collins street east, relinquishing the business, will dispose of the Stock of double guns, including Bentley's central fire guns, and others by good makers; rifles, Tranter's, Colts, and Adams' revolvers, at great reduction in pri:o. Elcy's cartridge's, 18s gross ; hley'B best cups, 6s per an thousand ; Pigou's best powder, 4b lb. All guns, &c.;, left for repair aro requested to bo called for. Tho _ trade supplied. ? 50 rf67 alt jpUBLIU NOTICE. -L William Thomas begs to inform the inhabitants o ^ Melbourne, that his first consignment of China, Glasa and Earthenwaro is now open, and ready for inspec , tion. Dinnor services, from 60s j breakfast services from 30s; tea sets, from 17b 6d ; dessert aervices, from 55s ; toilette sets, from 8s 6d j glass and ornamental w goods, at equally low prices. tT A visit is respectfully solicitod. ? WILLIAM THOMAS, 88 Flinders lano west ^ (close to Western Maiket). and 11 and 12 Wellington . Quay, Dublin. ? 8 89 alt feb 8 ro -jpj a It L I A M ENTARY D R A F T S M AN ' 'The undersigned lias taken officos in Bank place, th opposito Eldon Chambers, with tho view to practising th as Parliamentary Draftsman und Parliamentary e- Asont. Correspondence with the Government or P® other public bodies carried on, and cquitabla claimB aavocatcd. ^ gTANLBY JOMLIN3. _ 5th February, 1859. ? 7 410 -j STEVENS'S PATENT REVOLVING -I STAMPERS. Wc hereby give notice, that wo havo obtained from tho patentees tho exclusivo right in Melbourne of Manufacturing Stampers nccoruing to their patent. Any parties infringing said patent right, will be im- v mediately prosecuted by the patentees. JAMlib 1'. DOW and CO. P.S We have also the right to manufacture them for any part of the colony^ ? 51 375 21 Victoria, No. 59, . Secretary's Otlice, 4th February, 1859. J' QEWERAGE AND WAfER COMMISSION.- ^ Notice to tho owners of tenements in the several ™ streets enumerated at tho foot, and the private P streets, couits, lnnes, nnd alleys opening thoroto. The main pipes iu the said streuts being laid down, , the owners of all tenements situated as under are ' hereby required, on or before the first day of March next, to oauso service pipes to bo laid, to us to supply water from tho main pipe within jrach^premises. Secrotary to tho Commissioners of Sewers and Water Supply. CQ Pclham street, both Bides— Between Leicester street ®r_ and bouvcrie street, and r between Medelino stiset and Cardigan street. Grattan stroot, south side— Between Madeline street ar d Cardigan street. Bouverla street, weBt side-Between Queensborry . struct and Orattan street. ® Madeline street, east flido-Betwcen Queensberry street and G rattan street* ? ? 42 430 'j THE REFUGE.— The adjourned annual meeting ofthe subscribers will be held in the rooms of the Immigrants Aid Society, on Monday, tho 7th day of February ^instant, at hve o clook p.m. | Eittrarture, JNIVERSALITY OP DIFFUSION !' JHB success attending tho enlargement of tho ' LEADER' i induced the Proprietors of tho DAILY AGE To reduce tho Quarterly Subscription to WELVE SHILLINGS In the City and Suburbs, and to ONE x-OUND n the Country, delivered by Agents, or by post (postage included.) Termg — CaBh only. No credit given. NEW QUARTER, 1st JANUARY. ENGLISH AGENCY dessTB Algat and Street havo been appointed agents tho Age in England, and aro authorised to receive bscriptions and Advertisements for the same, tlessra Algar and Street have also been appointed :nts for the Leader. Copies of the Age and Leader filed for th# use ol vertisers. )ffice 11 Clements lano, Lombard streot, Lob i. ? TEW BOOKS ! New Books ! 1 Tho Seventh I Number of Robertson's Book Circular is now .dy, containing the full titles nnd prices of all the w and Standard Works, which have lately arrived tho colony, and may be bad gratis on application 35 Collins street east, or posted to the country on oipt of a 4d stamp. 6133 mo th THE WEEKLY AGE FRIDAY, 4th FEBRUARY, Contuins — OUR PORTFOLIO : The Maid of Treppi. A Tale. (Concluded.) Chargo of Murder in Scotland. Irish Disaffection. The Risk of Living in Ireland. Mr Smith O'Urien. A Proposal of Marriape. THE NEWS OF THE WEEK. Saturday Night Concerts. Washing by Steam. PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS. LATER NEWS FROM CALIFORNIA. Earthquake at San Francisco. A Californian Mining Question. Anti-Chinese Regulations. New Orleans Nows. Peruvian News. MISCELLANEOUS t Capture of tho Omeo Murderers. Incendiary Fire at Indented Hoads. The Suburban Railway. Extraordinary Confession of Murder. 1EAT SWIMMING MATCH AT ST. KILDA. Tho Chinese ' Protectorate ' System. INTERCOLONIAL: New South Wales— Mr Martin's Statement. DSouth Australian News— Local Colebrities. MEETINGS: Tho Biblo Society Annual Meeting. The Citizens' Committee. Prahran Church of England Association Free Church Synod. United Labor Society. Groat Conv«ntion Meeting. Board of Land and Works. City Council. LAW COURTS. The Monster Nugget Company. The Jewel Robbery. LEADING ARTICLES: Parliamentary Registry Offico and Political Labor Market Wanted. Tho Maligned Priesthood. Mr Crews and the Cape Patterson Coalfield Job. The Stato of Traae. The Survey Department. What is to be done with the Registration Bill ? CRICKET MATCHES. INING INTELLIGENCE OF THE WEEK. IIPPING and COMMERCIAL INTELLI GENCE. ISanft Notucs. /TELBOURNE SAVINGS' BANK, r l Established 1841. Corner of Market street and Flinders lano west. Bank open for taking deposits — 0NDAY, TUESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, from Ten to Two o'clock ; id SATURDAY ovening, from Six to Eight o'clook Opon for making payments to dopositors— EDNE8DAY, from Half-past Ten to Three o'olock JAMES BROCK, Actuary. 37 60 fr and sa jy 1859 RATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. Hea office: Queen streot, Melbourne, Capital, £1,000,000. Directors : D aim ahoy Campbell, Esq., Chairman. Thos. Brown, jua., Esq. T. H. Lempriere, Esq. John Mackenzie, Esq. John Houston, Esq. F. B. Franklyn, Esq. Osmond Homo Gillcs, Manager. The Directors meet for discount on Mondays, 'cdnesdays, and Fridays, at twelve o'clock. Us having not mora than 3 months to run, 7 p. oent. j do 4 do, 8 do j over that currency, . , , , 9 do Interest on'Deposits : On sums subject to 3 months' notice, 2 per sent. Do 6 do, 4 do. Do 12 do, 5 do. Branches have been opened at Adelaide, Geelong, id Echuca. OSMOND II. GILLES, Manager. ? 4 3181 SATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA BANKING COMPANY, j. wo thirds and more in number of the directors of io National Bank of Australasia Banking Company sing of opinion, and having declared by resolution , a special board meeting convoned for that purpose tcir opinion, that Mr Daniel Abraham Hughes lias i misconducted himself that his continuance in offico i general manager (if he legally holds such office) ill be injurious to the interests of the company, and »o-third» and more in number of tho directors hav g suspended the said Daniel Abraham Hughes from 10 office of general manager (if he legally holds sueh fice) : Notico is hereby given, that a Special Gene 11 Meeting of tho Shareholders in tho above company convened by the Board of D'rectors for Monday, io 2lst day of February instant, at threo o'clock iu io afternoon, at the head banking house, or office, of to company, in Queen street, Melbourne, for tho cpress purpose of confirming or removing such sus msion, and for that purpose only. Dated at Melbourne this 1st day of February, 1859. (Signed) DALMAHOY CAMPBELL, 38 3107 alt feb 21 ? Chairman. ? Provident institute of Victoria, L A.NB DEPOSIT BANK Established 1855. UK AD OFFICE. Queen atieet, Melbourne. UKA.NCH AGKNCIKS. iow Point, Sandhurst. — Barker street, Castlemaine— High street, Maryborou£li— Dana street, Ballaarat — Moorabool street, Geoiocg — Colac — Beuchworth, Dunolly, &c.; DF-FOSIT DEPARTMENT. Deposits are received and payments made daily iring the usual banking hours. Withdrawals of awards of ono hundrod pounds at a time, requririg io week's notico. Interest ia reckoned half-yearly, z., on tho 30th June and 31. t December, anu is lyablo in ten days afterwards, on all amounts that ivo then been standing at credit of depo-itora for is or more complete months ; interest for the month ling calculated on all amounts that aro deposited on e first day of each month. Deposits may begin with io pound and upwards— the smallest amount re iving its just proportion of interest. LOAN DBPAltTMENT. Money, in sums of ono hundred pounds and up ards, is loaned on freehold proportv in town or untry. Persons having land on which they wish to ect nouses, can have advances as the builiings ogress. Tnose persons who aro not depositors are invitod to :amino the prospectus of this bank, wherohy a liberal terest is given, the security being freeholds ofampie duo, also important accommodation to borrowers. Forms for opening accounts, and full particulars ven on application. JUHN FORTER, Managing Director. 18 C9 mar 31 J-NION BANK OF AUSTRALIA. An Agency of this Bank will be opened a iYLESFORD on the 10th January next. JAMES BLACKWOOD, Inspector. 68 09c A LCOCK and CO.'S Billiard and Bagatelle Ta yr- A bles, cloths, baUs, cues, tips, &e.;, on sale, 132 yy Russell street. 46 11 feby 4 offlc, ? ? — ? — ? Folic A UCTIONEER. — H. HORNER. Auctioneer, Smit A_ Estato and Commission Agent, Valuator, &c.;, LA Brunswick street, Collingwood. 00 Weekly Sales In tho rooms every Saturday, at one Gooc o'clock. Ac , Rent Cash advanced on goods for U nreiwved S aw IUIi, ALEDONIAN SOCIETY OF VICTORIA, 86 Collins street east. John Campbell, secretary. 46 30 aprl 20 CROFT and MURRAY, Furnishing undertakers, A 82 Madeline street, North Melbourno, continua tion of Swanston street. , N.B. A Hearse for sale, 45 13 apl 6 CITY COAL COMPANY, sen Established 1849. Mourltz, Poole, and Co., 16 King strsct, near the Coaia and coke. ^ 4 COPPER Work of every description made and repaired. William Robison, 113 Flinders street west, principal of the lato firm of Itobiion Brothers and Co. 45 27 feb 22 DIJ DISTILLATION.— The undersigned having had (O sereral years experience in the fitting up and repairing of distilleries, is prepared to execute all descriptions of tho same. William Itobiion, copper- Tl smith, 113 Flinders street west. 44 3129 fitter ? ? - — ? ? ? ? ? tho DISTILLERS AND BREWERS. — Robison, aupp Bros, and Co., Coppersmiths and PlumberB, Tr removed to Bond street, Flinders lano west. Colo 47 39 may 4 duct FLEMME'S Dyeing and Scouring establish- Bros ment, 97 Lonsdalo street east. * 54 91 mar 10 LADDERS of Colonial Make, always on hand, or Tl mado to order, up to 50 feet, at tho manufao- ever; lory, 10 141 Latrobh stiu'.bt East. ? JOHN HODGKINSON. ?»« ? 42 21apll5 JyJ Lea and p e r r i n s1 Celebrated WORCESTER SAUCE, Pronounced oy connoisseurs to bo the ONLY GOOD SAUCE, 1TJ And applicable to that EVERY VARIETY OF DISH. ^a, Extract of a Letter from a Medical gentleman at Madras, to his brother at Worcester, May, 1851. ' Tell Lea and Perrins that their Sauce is highly esteemed in India, and is, in my opinion, the most palatable as well as the most wholesome sauce that is r mado.' I J EXTENSIVE FRAUDS. L LEA and PERRINS having discovered hat several uot, of the Foreign Markets have been supplied with BPU M-oU RTOUfl IMITATIONS of thoir — — — 'WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE,' the labels of which closoly resemble those of the genuino Sauce, and in ono or more instances with he I N names of L. and P. fouoed ; they have deemed it -L their duty to caution the public, and request purchasers Sum to see that tho name Lea & Pbuuins are upon the pub] Wrapper, Label, Stopper, and Bottlo. for I L. and P. further givo notice that they will proceed /p0S| against any ono who may infringe upon their right, ;n j either by manufacturing or vending such imitations, ? and havo instructed their correspondents in the various parts of the world to adyiso them of such infringe- Qt mcnts. , Q Wholesale and for Exportation by tho proprietors, T LEA and PBRIUNS, Worcester, England; Crosse lv' and Blackwell, and ether and Oilmen and Merchants, Bl: London. Oi 7523 fr tli ? ? ? ? ? v IETCHFORD'S Patent Wax Matches aro maJo of T j a superior strong wax wick, and arc warranted 1st i to light in any climate, even if dipped in water. This reap important advantage has secured for Lctchford's mako ceiv a general preference at the diggings. char Sold in round plaid boxes and japanned tins, of various sizes, by most dealers in matches — only be sure or a to ask for ' Letchford's,' and take nons without their -0 name en tho box. fi R. Letchford and Co., Old Montaguo street, White- ° ohapel, London. ® r Merchants supplied on tho very lowest terms. ? 41 Ottujun 14 ? MITCHENER and RICHARDSON, Manufac- fTI turers of Venetian and Spanish Blinds, and JL mental Wire workerB, 84 Russell street. all t ? 40 24 july 19 prM MR. ROBERT S. ANDERSON, Solicitor, has lead Removed his Offices to No. 30 Queen street. ®vei 10 22 feb 17 haa ? ? tran MIRRORS, all t-ises, silvered in the colony, war- ren( ranted perfect. RAMSAY BROTHERS j, and CO., 27 Collins street west. 61 67 feb 12 8u-(jj the T)ATRICK HAYES, Manufacturer of Patent 'j | Locomotive and Anti-friction Groaso, Footscray. jjQn Stores, 63 Flinders street east, Melbourne. ? 45 25 feb 20 Ben- ? ? ? ? ? ? ADV Lease of premises , ^ HAVING EXPIRED, the THE REMAINDER to c OF T HICKINBOTHAM'S tow STOCK mit MUST BE SOLD IN A MONTH. *°P Corner of Bourke Btreet. 63 368e M'KERSIE, LOVE AND CO., Wholesale Warehousemen, continuo business In their ? old promises at the rear of 47 Collins street east, Ml until their New Warehouse is completed. JL 37 3107 jaed i ,rr\ J. GARRETT, Coaclibuilder, Lonsdale street, ^ I . in thanking the public for the vory liberal j Eatronage bestowed on him for the last seven years, j egs to intimate that ho has taken the extensive gal- , lories known as the Australian Bazaar (lato Wright's) z. 119 Swanston street, whore bo intends keeping a ^ largo assortment of new and secondhand carriages, of I English, American, and Australian manufacture. £ He therefore draws the attention of gentlemen wish- C ing to dispose of their carriages, and importers, to the C suporior advantages offered by tho central position, Q extent, light, and coolno-s of this Repository, whero every attention will be paid to their being well cleaned »nd placed for inspection. Tho manufactory in Lonsdale street will bo carried on as usual, having . all the requisite machinery, &c.;, for tho execution of ~ all repairs in a prompt and cfficicr.t manner, and at *- the lowest romunoraiive charges. 49 37 alt may 2 I I^HE Carpet Warehouse, 27 Collins street east.— j £3580 Is lOd worth of Carpets, Floorcloths, etc., ( etc., in tho Insolvent Estate of R. G. Waine, has q been purchased at a great discount for cash ; and W. r Hickinbotham, the purchaser, has determined to sell J: the same at an Immenso Reduction on London ; Prices. 6 1 368c ^ THOMAS BOWMAN, Hydraulic Engineer, j Plumber, &c.;, Erector of Pumps, Rams, ^ Syphons, and othor apparatus for raising water. * York street, Emerald Hill. 135 mar 2 I I _____ ^ yy H I S K E Y— P URE MALT. j The undersigned, sole agents in Victoria for Messrs ? James Stowart and Co., Sauccl Distillery, Paisley, . have always ou hand supplies of their celebrated malt J whiskej , both in bulk and bottlo. To prevont mis- ® takes as to tho brand, the agents would respectfully I acquaint purchasers that Messrs James Stewart and I Co. have no connection whatever with the nearly I similar firm of John Stowart and Co. WILSON, BUCHANAN, and CO., 3 Queen street, q Mulbourne, and Geelong. 45 21 alt mar 26 ^ ? B NIGHTMAN. I J. J. P O W E L L, I WOOLLEY COTTAGE, CAMBRIDGE STREET S (ADJOIHINO THE OAMMUDQE AlttlB), E COLLINGWOOD. S S ? S TTJ7 ATERCLOSETS and Cesspools Emptied and 5 YV rubbish removed at tho vory lowest ohargos. -y Contracts taken by the year for the Corporation -r Banks, Hotels, and Publio Buildings, on most reason , able terms. ORDER boxes. At.LChambers's Forgo, 28 Little Collins street -'asi. At Scott'B Forgo, 23 Little Collins streot west. 6 At Mansfield's, Coach Buildor, opposite Theatre It Royal. At 241 SwanBton street north, opposite Ne __ County Court. At Forge, opposite Swan Hotel, Gertrude stroat Prix Collingwood :and opposite the Ayrshire E* Arms North Melbourne^ 1. ^ jRWrrgofSt. r TULLIDGE (of Thompson and Tullidge), ' . HOUSE, LAND, nnd ESTATE AGENT, t, oO Little Collins street east, noxt New City :e Court, Melbourno, and at his residence 76 ih street, Collingwood. i.ND or HOUSE PROPERTY Sold by privato ract or public auction. so, every description of MERCANTILE or other Is, Household Furnituro, &c.;, &c.; :count Sales promptly rendered and settled.' ts and Debts collected. Warrants issued. In- nccs eflccted. 47 27 april 22 BRASS AND COPPER, IN SHEETS, LL BIZE8 [AND WEIGHTS. WILLIAM ROBISON, 118 Flindebi (Street Wmt. C3 13 fob 8 ittjofel#, #C, GIUFFITHS' mra ROOMS AND RESTAURANT, 99 Fmnder# Street West, Ipposite the Wharves and adjoining the Royal Highlander Hotel) (lese spacious rooms aro now complete, and aro d up in a suporior style, with every regard for convenience and oomfort of his patrons and lortors. Restaurant will bo found equal to any in th# my for ventilation, stylo and comfort, aud eou ed with the strictest economy. ikfast, Is ? Dinrer, Is ? Suppsr, la Board per week, 17s.; Board and Lodging £1 Is. and £1 5s. io Bedrooms aro lofty and well ventilated, with y care to cleanliness, and the strictest attention ed lint,n- ? 51 36 may 1 fR J. CLEAL, Alfred place, near Bignoll' L Hotel, begs to inform thos# gentlemen in oh of superior board and residence, that he has vacancins in his establishment. 52 30 mar 1st [R. P. P'lELAN begs to inform the inlabi L tants of Melbourno and the public in genera he has nowopened the Victoria li otol, High streo thcote, where overy article and accommodation on best dcsciiption can bo obtained on tho most rca ible terms. N.B.— Good Stabling woll attended. 45 06 mar 28 HE STORK Family and Commercial Hotol Restaurant. Private bed and sitting rooms , cold, ;tnd shower baths, Elizabeth streis boutno- 41 09 m r » AGK SUMMARY, r order that parties in tho country may have an opportunity of transmitting the usual Monthly I imary to their friends at home on the day of ! l'.cation, subscriptions will in future bs received the Summary iidition, and tho paper forwarded tage paid) direct from tho office to any address I Europe or America, at the rate of 5s. per annum. JBSCRIPTION to the ' AGE ' is now reduced to : — slvs Shillings per quarter, to town and suburban lbBcribers, when delivered by the runners from 11s office ; nnd Twenty Shillings to subscribers hen forwarded by poBt. he quarters commence on tho 1st of January, the let of October, lectiveljr. Subscriptions, however, will bo re- 1 ed during tho currency or any quarter, and rged only for tho time actually delivered, ubscribcrs uot receiving their papers punctually, t a late hour in the morning, are requested to j notice of any Buch irregularity at thia office, at ho office of our agentB in whoso district they may ?eBiding, and their complaints shall be promptly nded to. HE ^ ' WEEKLY AGE ' is published every I Friday morning, and contains fall particulars of . tho News of tho Week up to the hour of going to : ss. All the reading matter — news, correspondence, J ling articles, literary and political intelligence— '' rything, in fact, except the advertisements, whic)i / appeared in tho columns of tha 'Daily,' is { isferred into the ' Weekly Aoe,' and therefors ders this paper very suitable for country readers. [ t contains, in addition, original articles on Mining iects, and a comprehensive review of the state mines every week. .ho 'Weekly Agh' has a very extonsive circula i on the gold-fields, and the agricultural districts erally, aud is therefore a wnsi-CLAta miidium to I 'ERTISE1IEKT3. j Ldvertisements intended for insertion in th* I Weekly Aqjs must be forwnrded to this office on I day previous to that on which they are expected j ippear. I 'he Subscription to the ' Weekly Aoe' is, fo I n and suburbs, 18s per quarter; when trans- I ted by post, 14s, including postage. Single I ies aro supplied by our agents throughout the 1 ntry, at the usual crms. I AGENTS. B IHE following havo beon appointed Agents fo. E the salo of thia Nowpaper, and are author- K 1 to receive Subscriptions and Advertisements :? ; ft Lrarat — Mr Dobson. ii Lvooa. — Mr W. Hogg. H iAOCHUs Mabsh— Mr Thomas Pearce. H BalIjAABAt —Messrs Divers and Co. © Jekohworth — Mr Jno. Orr. -M 3biqhton — Mr James Aitken. Jbunswiok — Mr James Wilkinson. Jdninyoko — Messrs Divers and Co. Jaledonian Diggings — J. C. Knell. Jastlemaink — Mr James J. Steele. JoLLINQWOOD — Mr Maconoohie, Smith treet. Mr Beeston, Brunswick street. Mr Rhodes, Post Office, JPeelsU Mr E. Harris, 85 Brunswick Jochrane's — Mr Giles Pettifer, )ayiesfohd — Mr Julius Westwood. JunoLLT— Mr. Giles Pettifer. Smerald Hill — Mr A. Eider. 'lhminqton — Thomas M'Dermott, 3ap — Messrs J. Hewitt and Hale. Jisborne — Mr H. Horneman. Seelono — Messrs Franks and Jackson. Jlp.NOROHY — Mr A. J. F. Caddy. Sodlbubn — Messrs Divers and Co. Joedo.n Diggings— W. H. Campbel 3EATHCOTE — Mr George Smith. foNES' Creek Mr Giles Pettifer. £ilmore — Mr A. Stillman, Chemist. iCTNKTON — Mr S. Atwood. Singower— Mr Catto. Maryborough — Mr. Giles Pattifer. Haldon — Mr John Ramsay. Helton — Mr A. Shcbler. j Joust Blackwood — Mr James Griffin. J j iIouht Eqerton — MrW. Campbell I! itDRomsoN — Mr J. G. Menon. fl ?ort Albert — Messrs Schiller and Thiel. 'I Pleasant Crkek — Mr Dobson. I Prahran — Mr Wataon, Bookseller and Eg Chapel street. raj ingBNSOiJFFE — Mr F. Paterson. f|| Iioiimond — Mr Griffiths, Richmond Bridge tea j9| tocKY River, N.S.W. — A. W. Hayles. cm tusnWORTiI — H. D. Clarke. Hjy Ialb, Gipps Land — Mr J. D. Leeson. ra| Sandhurst — Messrs Divers and Co. 111! jdnboby — Messrs Hewitt and Hale. ( B|j 50TJTH Yarra — Mr E. B. Taylor, I'unt road' ||| iteiglitz — Mr James Western. lfl it. Kilda — Mr Arnott., H Iydn«y — James Fryer. w| ^aradale — Mr Tomkins. Villi AMSToWN-»-Mr Andrew Rider. Varbnambool— Mr W. Darling. iIelbourne, West — Messrs Gordon *nd Gotohy 99 Collins street west. : NoP.rn— Mr M'Gibbon, Printer and Stationer, 49 Queensberry street west. JT ENGLAND. j lessrs Algar and Street, Clements Lane, Lombard j a street, London. ? ? itod and Published by Ebcukzu and David B| rletors of the Aon Newspaper, and General rrtnuai Bice, Rlliaboth street, Molbouwe, la te Colon* » 