SYDNEY, WEST.-To Messrs. Thomas Collins, Josoph Bayliss, John Dolby, Peter Brennan, John Broom- field, William Webb, Edward Bennett, Georgo Lecky, and the other Gentlomen signing the requisition. Gevtlbmkv,-I havo to thank y on for the honour )ou confer in calling upon mo to represent )on and the Intelests of this city in the new Parliament, I look npon this requisition as a recognition, on jour part, of my pjstpffirts to servo tim citizens of Sydney In my capacity of Alderman I do ni)8olf the honour to placo my best services at ) our disposal. I shall br efiv tnneli upon some of tho subjects which at present occup) pnblic attention. The Land question of this colony is of such vital impor- tance to tim future of tho Empire arising In tin», our southern hominphoro, and tho interests involved aro «if such rnngnitndo as to demand most serious and mature con- sideration from thoso wnom vou ma) send to Parliament, before anv legislativo action is taken I would support the principio of Free Seleotion over a certain extent of countr), to bo determined b) rules and regu- lations framed undir tho Lands Act, that may bo adopted b) the Pailiamont, at the price of£l per aero for not loss than filt) ncxis nor for moto than three hundred and twenty acres, with defcrro 1 pa) ment for half of the irarohase money, and upon condition ot improvement of the and , excepting Rl«n)sall lands in tho ¡inmediato cours« or vicinit) of railroads, which in ordinary lust ice should and must bo mado to bear their portion of the enormous charge on tho roionno croate«! by railway oxtonslm Such lands I shall maintain should be taken at a lair valuation Freo pasturago T conceive to ho destructivo of the best interests of tho colony, and ruinous totherevnnuo The presont tenants of tho Crown piy. by wa) of lieonso and assessment, annually a Mun of £l«fi,000 This revenue will go on increasing, unless iii'lced a polioy should bo adopted which will sip tho foundation of the first and most fruitful woa'th-prodiioing business of tho country. Agriculture requires no such measures as thoso I have inst hinted at There is abundance of land for all, and man) moro than requiie it foi agricultural purposes with out adopting any policy that would destroy tho pastoial inter sts Free-trade, I hold to bo essential to tho progress of this, as of every other country. I admit that protection might bo beneficial to simo few of tho community whoso trades might bo protected, but it would most certainl) in- crease tho prices ot every consúmanlo article, without in- creasing tho rates of wages of an) of tho working mon «>f tho colon), save thoso employed in tin production of the particular articles protected , and it >s moro than question- able whether even these cnnld b» benefited, for the addi- tional expenses tliov would havo to bear, as inciilontal to protection, would «Mimtet balance any increaso in their weekl) wages. As ono of tho means most likel) -na), certain-lo pon- du«*© to tho permanent prosperity of Non South Wales, I shall do m) utmost to promoto a measure to maVo per- manent provision foi tho Branch of tho Royal Mint, now only temporarily worked m «ïjdnev, so that it may bo como for over ono of our institutions-and that the mil) bar to tho coin of New South Wales being roo 'gnised as current coin throughout tho length and breadth of tho British Empire ma) bo removed Wo have tolerable assurance that so soon as this colony dops Its part, by making such provision, tho british Government will con code all that wo can desire Tho Mint has already become a pivtng establishment-it is ono which, while costing tht« country nothing, will tend in a thousand ways to advance its hpst inlorosts, and It is well for us that it vv is first established in Sydney, and that the noccssar) preliminaries for tho open ng of ano her Branch opposes somo dnhciiltv in lbow<) of our sister, Victoria Th« amounis of coin now Issued from Mncqnario street would have been deemed fabulous a von fow vearR ago, and it is scircely possible to picture to the mind's O)0 tho innuendo consequences that aro )ct to follow-must follow its pormanont establishment. iRhall bye>very means m my power seek lo promnto tho connection of tins co'onv with tho great schemo of tole grnphiccommunication w Inch Isnow hcing perfected in,over, and around tho world , and I hopo that tho ro iresontativos of Now South AVules will he anio to adopt at a very early period such measures in this respect as will maintain for sydney ita metropolitan nlmructpr, and for Neiv South "Wales her placo of first of tho Australias Tho extension of railroads is now a natural conseqnenc« of tho extension of civilisation and of the spread ng of civilised man over tho hitherto nnocnpiod wilds of the ter- ritory Tho provision alroa«lv made hy the Loglslatnro for the carr) tug on of such works is sufficient for the preiont requirements of the country, that I should »ot cons der it necessiry to ad Iress myself nt all to the question of railway communication, woro it not to express my determination to support ev ry futuro measure fur its extonsion, not onl) in onter to alf rd employment to ever) willing man in the country, but also to open up valunblo lands and other )Pt unknown resources of tho colon), and placo within tho reach of every honest mann spot of ground upon which ho ma) erect a house mako a home, and dwell with his cluldron «lion his labour is done. The labour question has been much agitated I am ready to admit that tluro has bepii much d«stic«s, that man) havo found it ditficnlt t> obtain employment, and tho subject of immigration has naturally been connected with it. I am of opinio» that the time has urnvod when this country should io longer expend larg' «tims of mniipy in tho lmnort-ntion of immigrants - monpy perhaps sometimes misapplied-rend« red subs« rv lent to the Interests of crowded linio s m tho nmttipr coi ufrv, rathtr than to tho relief of wants windi wero deeply felt by tho colonists But Tcannot advncito the nt'ir c« ssation of public assist- ance. Thero ¡s a lurg« bod) of persons in this c mntry who came hero poor, but who have hardi) and honestly striven, and havo succeeded too, in making cotnpirativo inde- pendence-and ono of tho tirst use« to wl ich they appl) the fnuts of their industry is to assisk their friends and relatives to j in thom v. most v Ouahlo class 0f immi- grants is (hu-, introdiuod Thoso who came beforo thom havo given tho country snbst uitul pledges that they aro valuable mon and w mien, ami I hohl that ho or she who thus contribute., to bring nu1 his poorer relations, an ply di-.char.res »ii) obligation to tho oountr), even though ho or die may h «ve come hither at tho colon)'» solo cost And there Is another, stronger, irresistible ground on windi wo must provide for immigration. It is m established fact that in all emi- gration, unassisted b) Government or other funds, the males are m vei) huge excess To meet this excess we must próvido the means to bring females to this colon). Much has been sud of " Church State-aid " I am de- cided!) an advocito of the Tree Church sistoin, but I will .vt no time consent to any measures which would sacrifico those who have como luther on the faith of a prev 10113 auto of tilings, nor to any fnndimPiital cha"gc, until thoir claims-rights-have been ailpisied I would havo evor) Government, with liberal hand, support tho education of the people The more we educato tho people tho less will bo our police mid gaol expenditure I would support tho National 8)siem as tho best for all plaies, but in populous towns and districts I would give the samo aid to Denominational schools, so long as tho consciences of parents demand them. Foi 1 emote districts, however, whero population is thm and scatteied, tho Natnnal system alone should, in my opinion, bo upheld at public expenso I wish now, however, to revert moie paiticnlarlv to matters in vv Inch, as citizens of S)dnov, )ou aro Interested Tho sewerage ol tho c tv is an acknowledged UPcessit) Tho revenues of tho eitj aro em umbered with a deot of £1H 300 01 their account, to ine«-t tho interest of which the Executive Governimnt-out of monov s coming into tho Treasury, but b-longing to tho Corporation-have with- held £22 231 3s 2 i , and, moro than this, an intimation has been given of the 1 tcntion of this sumo Government to withhold tho sum of£lO,010, voted by tho Legislature In aid of tho citvwoiks for the current )Oir,-making in all. £32 231 3s 2J , winch should have boen at tho disposal of vour finance cimuuttoo ot tho Corpouition I must, while ibefore )Oii, tell von all, and so must uld that tho Treasury o' this colon) is íetaming from )our Treisni) money winch is not due, even on their own showing, tho interest for which tin« £10000 is withheld is not due no1 rall Act" which i"rompiam, w is not create«! b)"tho Corp >r ition Tho Corpouition has no h venues toi seworngo Tho amount collected on tins ik count under the Sewerage Act, to tho present time,Is £1238 19s -for this vve.-tlio citizens of Sydney, have been mulite l-l will not siy riofi mded-of £32 "li 3s 2d Ynii havo now the amount of debt, £°li"300 interest,£32,231 3s 2! And tho works, over windi tho'citizens li id no contiol -which wero carried on by Commissioners ipnoiuted h) the Government, without tho consent or conçut renee of tho citizens,-and irresponsible to all save thoso who appon ted tliem, aro)ct, notwith- standing this amount of debt, tins constantly accumu- lating buithOH, still incompleto The Commissioners, too, -wore pronounced by tho Legislature of theountr) "unfit for tho office to which they weroupi>ointed " undol thoen gmeer whoso dut) it was, with his assistant, to superintend tho works, the same report, from which I havo beforo quoted, says that it "has been most un atisfactor), etueless, and unfaithful in tho performance of the dut) " and that this unfaithfulness and tho nnsplnced " trust reposed by the Commissioners lins led to excessive expen- diture oi tho public money in tho con- struction of tho sewers " In support of all this tho samo document goes on-" Tho estimate of the engineer for a certain portion of tho work was £65,400, and t io tender of the contractoi Tis computed I v tho engineer wl o advised its "acceptinco limonite I to £54 870, whereas the actual cost, including ahmt £'000 dir Hridgo-street, amounted to £119,422 "-a sum moro than doubl» tho esti- mate of tho contnet, it was also proved betoio the com- mittee or the Assembly, from whoso rep n t I um quoting, "that m tunnelling alone tho sum of £23 211 was abso- lutely thrown aw iy " I hold it to bo a monstrous gnova-ico -a great injustice to tho citizans of b)dno) that they should be so deilt with Tho Alum« ipalities Act provi les for largo aids for five, ton, fifteen )eirs for all new munici- palities , but S)dney not only has reilly no aid, but is saddled with an onormon, debt-its proper revenues with- held-tho voto ot the representativo* ot tho country ren- dered of no avail-in short, reduced to suth a state that soon, unless some remedial measure! bo taken, theovery-day work of keeping up tho streets must stop and tho men, whose wages now amount to somo £bu0 tt-wcek, will have to be discharged, to fnnl employment -where the) cMn-all contracts stoppe«!-tor tlie revenues which the Corporation can touch for tho current year are already anticipated. I maintain, and If tent by yon into tho Legislativo Assembly, shall thero maintain, that the r which tin« ¿loouu is witnneiii is not nue 11 a moiet) of it-but the grant of tha pi opie, tilled b) tho Ciow An article of tho 'Appropriation ct" is withheld, and, I si), misapplied Tho debt of ioweragp of Sydney is a work for the oountry, not for the city. Tho sowerago will cost much moro than tho debt now upon the city ; but it is a work in which every colonist, who draws his supplies from Sydney is equally interested with ourselves. As a matter of right, the citir.ous of Sydney-81,531 mit of a population of 2CG,189-contribute to the gonoral revenue at leust ono-fourth of its sum total, and surely they aro entitled to have ft shan- of that ro vei no expended in the improvement of their city, itmtcad of having withheld from them the amount voted hy the legislature, and other stuns they aro entitled to under Coloninl Statutes, for work and labour dono in tho formation of streets The seweraco of Sydney like main roads-railroads-will not bo a benefit to those of the pi osent day only, but also to the future in- habitants of the city; lind while public debt is being created which posterity is to pay in uno shape or other, seivcrago must be provided for too. If your Corporation aro to bo compelled te go on us at present, the Sewerage Act, would soon bo the means of confiscating property after property ; for it is impossible for Oivners of smuil properties to pay tho sewerage assessment, interest ou do boutures, nii'l the expense ol' connecting drains to the main sewer*, tho cost of which has in many Instances been from £500 to £9"0 : and it is estimated that In some instances it will oven exceed the greater amount. The Government has tukon railways into its hands, re- çoives tho tolls-hopes to mnko a revenue, so lot tho Government provide funds for tim com- pletion of the se worngo, then receive tho rates by way of interest. It will ho my earnest endeavour to procure this justice for yon, and I have no doubt but that, with the assistance of public opinion out <>f doors, I shall succeed. Passing from the sowerago question, however, tliero is another point to which 1 wish to draw your attention, and which I shall not fall to pre^s upon'evcry Government.. There ure yet Crown lands within the city of Sydney, mid to iiiorenso the value of theso lands the citizons of Sydney aro heavily ttixnd to the extent, in city rates alone, £40.000, yet tho city has hitherto been put off with a nominal endowment-nominal, because withhold ; but I shall not feel that 1 have dono my duty-until I have, hy every means in my i>ower, ondoavoureu to obtain for you your portion of that otnor revenue to which you so largely contribute. I cannot tee the justice or equity ot spending hundreds of thousands of p >umls to make roads to lands which may fetch £1 an nore, and to denv its own to othor lund which sells at £50 to £S0 ii foot In other words, I would have tho city properly endowed Sydnoy is, to this moment, tho only place in the colony where tho inhabitants aro directly" taxed for thoir own government, and porhaus tho only city in tho empiro that has nut a fair endowment from which it can derive u revenue. Our wharves alono would bo somo benefit to us, but, until your now Parliament devises otherwise, oven theso swell the revenue, which is exponded in railroads, gaols, and court houses, in tho far interior. There is one subject on which nil have spokon-written will all speak and write-tho economy of publie establish- ments ; I would only s.iv on this head that, wherever reduction is practicable, without sacrifice of efficiency, I shall favour it, but with mv present knowlodgo of depart- ments, 1 beliovo that, while numbers might probably bo reduced, you will not got elliciont men to do your work at a loss cost, and I wouM not harass tho pa;d servants or the country by constant chango and uncertainty of ollico. Electors of Sydney We-t,-I havo utntidty and «luce-rely given you my thonghts on most of the subjects now bolero tho publia mind. On somo of them I have nor gnuu into detail-porhnps not so far as you might wish-but there will, I hope, bo occasions on which we m»y per>ohnlly meet, when I shall bo ready to enter niorj fully into u considera- tion of any point which to you may still appear doubtful. I have the honour to bo, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, THOMAS BROUGHTON. Bradley, May Slat, 1859. TO SIR DANlEL COOPER, Knight-Sir,-We, the undersigned electors for the city of Sydney, request that yon will allow yourself to bo placed in nomination as a candidate for the eastern division of the city, at the ensuing general elections, and we pledge ourselves to use our endeavours to secure your return, Joseph S. Willis William Tealo William Buyers Alexander Learmonth W. S. Doloitto S. Dickinson It. P. Ford S. II Smyth Edyo Manning Samuel D. Gordon Isaac Levey M. Alexander G. Klug Edward J. Blaxland E. B. Forrest B. Buchanan Thomas Skinner A. S. Webster S. J. Hooper W. W. Buckland It. Anderson J. D. Liirnnch George R. Hirst S. N. Joseph R B. Dlokson M. Metcalfe îî. Gillards J. K Howell E Wrench James Williamson Thomas W. Hixson J. Black G. Attwood E. Lotzo George W. Lord Thomas Holt J. E. Graham T. Breillat Thomas Bennett William Honnott S. Hebblewhite John Boll Sharp H. Lewis G. Caird Henry Armitage John Smith L. S. Suyers John Taylor J. Hunter Honry H. Beauchamp It. L. Hutton W. J. Davies Charles Nicholson, Bart Francis H. Grundy W. James W. F. Jackson Frederick Fanning Charles Hill W. Green C. A. Wilson Joseph Cook B. Porter. Joseph Rossiter J. Lazarus J. Josophson Church, Brothers D. B. Hughes Henry Chatto John [lill, jun. and Son . Charles Forssborg Henry Wager Alfred White Cornelius O'Brien S. W. Brown John Strath John Mailor John Waterman John Watt John Owen Thomas Walker John Hordern Thomas Dawson L. E. Threlkeld Richard Peek J. J. Vinden E. W. Cameron O. R. Ebsworth P. Favenc Henry Prince John Young Edward Salamon Robert Bingfleld Thompson, Symonds, anil Co. W. narbottle Samuel L. Bensusan William Brown J. E. Ebsworth R. P. Richardson James Henderson W J. Lennon William Drynan Daniel Church : Benjamin Darloy Charles Smith A. Stanger Ijeathes H. E. A Allen J. T. Cohen R. S. Clarke James-Anderson T. II Green James Keelo Edward Rayner J. Flavello J. Roberts W. D Stewart W. F. Buchanan, J.P. J. II. Rundle Henry Mort Thomas Skinner James Mort F. W. Perry John Brewster James Garland M. Consett Stephen W. Rusfleld W. Laidley W. H. Simpson John Fairfax J. B. Viles W. Henry Webb John Williams John Caldwell John Smith J. P. Roxburgh Staunton Spain A. Anstey "W. R Tooth "W. Mae Donnoll B. Apps Smith Tho »ns Pente Alfred Harcourt G. R. K Holt Jnmcs Dean J. M. Leish W. II. Aldis Edward A. Levy Frank, sen. T. E. Rudd B. M. Savers Thomas Felton J. V. Barnard William Woolen George Heath John Alhn William H. Wigley Lewis Moss Walter Lamb John Watkins H. W. Arthur Edwin T. Beilby J. R Young William Kirchner Frederick Parsons J. Frazer A. Hordern John Hordern J. F. M'Donald E. Vickery Edward Dawson John Dawson Josiah Harpur William Love Francis M. Swain Brisco Ray William Williams Frederic Messiter John Co'lyer Samuel Tnompson Charles Northcote G. C. Tuting George Mooro and Co. James John, Pitt-st. Honry Wolsh John Hulbert G. Wiirram Allon Ambrose Foss Thomas Ambrose Foss Charles Moore and Co. John Cousins William Speer G M. L.irniich Charles C. Fiuoh James Goldsmith A. Ashdown H. Haydon G. Hamilton D. P. M'Bwen Daniel Bulman W. J. Munee Walker mid Son Joseph Dyer Ge'Tgo F. Ackroyd J. V. Gorman Francis Mitchell Adolph Solmitz John Roberten R. M. Robey Moses Moss. jun. James Mollson Alfred Fairfax Joh" Levien Thomas Bowden It Harnett James Welsh James A. Spencer James Mackintosh Walter Scott P. Garland Mylrea E H. Pollard S. D. Gordon W. R. Piddington Thomas Croft Robert Thomson Charles Chapman M. E. Murnin James Dickson Adam Wilson To Joseph S. Willis, Henry Mort, James Williamson, Samuel Cohen, S. D. Gordon, Alexander htuart, Alex- ander Macarthur, Esq., and the gentlemen signiug tho abovo requisition. Gentlemen,-I am much gratified with tho requisition yon have presented to mo signed by so many of tho elec- tors of East Sydney, bnt after maturely considering the matter, I have come to the conclusion tnat it would be im- proper for mo, after occupying the position of Speaker in two Parliaments, to mix myself in party or political con I am also guided by a feeling of duty, that I ought not to desert the electors of Paddington, and unless something should occur to indicate that I have lost their confideuce, I shall continue faithful to them. I am, Gentlemen, yonr obedient servant,_ ' ' ' ' DANIEL COOPER. TO THE ELECTORS OF EAST SYDNEY.-I am anxious te obtain a seat in tho Legislative Assembly, believing that I shall, if I have the honour te be returned, bo at lo te do some service te the country, and as thore is no district of the colony in which I am so well known as I am ii the place in which I lune so long resided I beg leave to otror my services to the electors of East 8\dnoy. On Uo or three lending points w hlch will bo probably discussed in the first session of the new Parliament, I will dru Hy state nu views I um. and Uays Iihto been, of opinion that, in theory, the Lomslativo Coum li should be nominated by the Crown < bnt the experience of the last two years has modiflod that opinion Tho result of the present system has boon the i appointment of a House which lins not obtained for Itüolf the confidence of the public, and I shall therefore bo pré- parai to snpiiort a meiiMiro which shall have for its oblect the creation of an Upper Chamber on .the elective prin Tho pastoral interest is, mid has boen for tho last twenty yeirs the most Impnitant In the colony. The original squatters the pioneers of the wilderness, were our most enterpiislug and useful colonists They werotho piomoters of the sett lemont of the interior Main districts which lune no» li«nmg towns and largo popiilntions, but for them would »till have been mero hush, useless, mid unused Am measure liming a tuulencv te check or depress this interest «ill meit with tin most ditirinmed opposition But I believe that all the land required foi agricultural pur- poses may bo obtained without nflWtmg the squatters Pho most urgent measures should be taken te expedito tho survey of tho settled districts, au I the Government should havo uuthoritv to authoriso a person to toko possession of portions of land in advance of the survcv, who should, if he lunn mimili) impioved the land, tie allowed te puroñase it ut the upset price when the district i* opened for Mile The r.ilnelion 0r thepneoto five shillings an acre 1 am oppose 1 to as minecessuiy but if the auction system is continued, tho upset prlco is not of mneb consoquoiice I believe it to be the duty or the <sl«to te assist in the malntenunoe of religious worship Tin re aro m <n\ dis- trict« in tho colony »here ¡t would he impossible to ninin teln the ordinam es of religion without somo e\tinneous support, and I shall thoiufoio oppose any pfniwtion for nvtuoing the amount nlrcndy granted, although I think that some moro . quitublo mode of distribution unionT the dllloront districts may and muht te bo devis»d I was ono of tho earliest supimrters of the railwin move- ment. Ua timen hen if »as Inrfiom popular, I, with others, devoted hot li timo and ninney to promote the Introduction of railways Into this lolonv and to tho labours of that sinai! bund lovell years ago, is te bo attributed much ot the anxiety with which the public no» regard the extension ofriulwavs The Southern line I look upon as the most important Other lines aro no doubt urgently required, but to connect this colony with the neighbouring provincnof Victoria and South Vustrilla, is nocnssnrv on political as «ollas social grounds The reservation of all Government land for flvo milos, on each side of tho railway, R|icolally to do frav the cost ofito construction, »ill, I have no doubt, soon forma fund sufllolont to pay all expenses which will bo incurred lint while railways aro tho chief, they aro not the only public works which ought te be attended to Tho various harbours on our coasts, the entrances to tho northern rivers, tho roads in tho interior, In short, CTery thing having for it« objoot facilities for travelling mid conveying produce to market, should receive tho most prompt and careful regards of tho Government and Legislature \n electioneering address without some profession of oconomy would be considered strange, 1 therefore pledgo nu self to tho most strenuous exertions for tis promotion But that economy must be sought in rooasting the various departments,-In toeing that we have no useless olilcers. and that aM aro tully employed In salaries there «in ho very little reduction. The present rate of ollioUl pav is quite as low as Is consistent with cfllciency, and 1 shall set my face against measures, which. b\ making public pay less than is obtunoi in private establishments, uinst injure tho character and status of Government em piny is Protection, however disguised, is robbing one portion of the community it may be for tlio benefit, but is more often te tho Injury ofnnother portion With mo it is not unargn ahle question, and t shall therefore bo prepared te resist it in any form in which It may present itself. If I secure \our suffrages, I shiil enter the House totally unconnected with partv Me isums, not mon, will regulate mv conrso of notion I shall endeavour to mako myself useful in promoting all manures of a social or sanitary ahiiracter, and shall make such nrringements that I shall b« ahto to devote as much of my tinto to my Parliamentary duties as may bo required It Ib not mv Intention te canvass personall), but arraneoments »ill bo mad« for holding meetings, at »hlch I shall be prepared to enter into fuller consideration of the topics of the day, and te make any explanations that may be required. CHARLES KEMP. Macquario-Rtroct, Sydney, May 11. TO GEORGE LORD, Bsq , M LA, Sydnoy -Silt, We, the undersigned electors of the District of the Rogan, request that you w 111 allow yourself to bo placed In nomination as a candidate nt the forthcoming olection, to represent our interests in tho legislative Assembly of Non South Wales. The attie manner in which you have discharged your dm los in the into Parliament for tho welfare of our im- portant district, ami mom especially with robard to our pii-terai intitests, lu Ince us tn tx|ireis our firm hopo that you « 111 accede to the » islies of t lu' oh ctoruto at I irge Woludivi lually pledge ourselves to our every exertion to secure ) our return Wo ire, Slr.your obedient servants, [Hero follón tho signatures of 119 eleeters ] 18th April. To Robert Johnstone Barten, Esq , J P, Charles Ray Hinch, Esq , .1 P , Eduard Finch, Esq, JP, lohn Smith, Bsq , JP, James M'Donald, Esq, and the other gentlemen signing ti e above I have te aoknowlodgo tim receipt of your flattering ro qtiisii inn, and I ugiun place my soi vices nt Tour disposal it is gratifying te mo to lind that my past parliamentary career ha* met w'th your nppioval. I shall shortly »aiton you, in person, and then takothe opportunltv of explaining my views on the lo »ling ques- tions of the day, and of ascertaining the wants and wishes of the constituency. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, Sydney, April 2Gth GEORGE W. LORD. T~ 0 Tnn «LECTORS OF NEWTOWN.-The writs for the election of members to servo in the New Parliament having bi on issuea, I beg to offer my solfas a eand ulate for your suflruces I would supp irt a liberal policv m the management of the waste lands of thecolonv, including the allowance of freo select ion after snrii>\ at a fixed price, but at tho samo time I would uphold,and have perlormed in their integrity all agreements and contracts made by tho Government, ow in force relating te those lands. The question of Uduc ition is uno that should, at an earlv per od, encrigo tho ittt ntion of the New Parliament, and I nonUl «import any conprtheiisivo scheme that would dill use eduovtion among all c1 sses I believe tho " National System" to be the most calculated to eflect that ob)eet, but I w mid bo prepare 1 to \ ito fir the maintenance of tho Denoinin itionil solio ik in large towns, that p iront s might. If they choose, hine their children instructed by teucheis of tholr own iiersuasion I would enforce a sy stem of strict ec momy in nil depirt ment* of tho Government taking care, however, that so far imlays in mv power all sen .nts of tho Govcrnnuiit should receive ample remuner ition for the sen ii o pi rformed I condilli the constitution of the legislative Council sh uld bo electivo, tho liomin ited one clearly not possessing the ooulldt nee of the people I would udvoi ate the extension of railway s and the main- tenance in proper or 1er of i hu main roads of the colony As I »hail not be able to watt on each of you, I purpose before t> o day of election holding v irious meetings in the Electorate, ut winch I shall more fully explain my views, and should hev meet willi y ur approval, and you do mo the hoiiini" to eleot mo as vour r< presontatlvo, I will to the best of my ability udvocite and nuppjrt all measures, having fir thoir object tho advancement and prosperity of this my native country. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your obi dient servant, STEPHEN i BROWN. mo CHRISrOPHER M'RAB, Esq- sir,-Wo the J_ undersigned electors of tho Electoral District of the Hogan, being- fully convinced from your known political prinuples that you aroa fit and proper person to repre- sent us in the reformed P irli imont, hereby respectlully solicit you te allow yourself to be put in iiomiuatio , ut the ensuing eh ctlon tor mourner of the Legislative Assembly, ami pledge ourselves to use our utmost oxertions to secure your return Wo are, Sir, your obedient servants, J. Ronrdon, Castlereagh Robert Richardson River G Richardson J. L Cheatom G. Gibson D. M'Rno J Hall W. Hamey William Brailiford G Gibson J Tomkms William tngnm A Balderson A. Balderson D M'Cullugh -. Anderson, Coolali J M'Cullagb -.rockburiijCoonabarnbri J. Walsh -. Tuokcrman, Muuduora -. Piper, Casilis. J. Richardson [Copy ] To J Reardon, J. L Cheatom, D. M'Crae, William Harvey, and G Gibson, Esqs , and tho other gentlemen signing the requisition Gentlemen,-! fe+1 highly flattered ny the kind requisi- tion \ ou have been pie wed to piesent to me, requesting mo to como forward us a candidate for your suffrages tor the representation of your important, beuutilul, and ftrtiie district, in the reformed Parliament I most cordially re- spond to your cull, and leel proud that mv conduct mid principles generally have merited your approbation My ' politic ii principles ure well known to you I place myself entirely iii your bunds, and should you do mo the honour j to elect mous your r present itive, you muy depend upon a ' faithful discharge at my hands of the duties there con» tided to me. Again thanking you for the honor couferred I on me, ... II remain, Gentlemen, you obedient servant, CHRISTOPHER M'UAE. Parramatta, May 2nd, 1859, TO WILLIAM V. WILD, Esa -We. the undersigned, Elector» of West Camden, being fully satisfied with tho course pursued by you in the late Parliament, take the earliest opportunity of requesting )on to allow )ourselfto bo pnt In nomination as one of our representatives in the Jnsnlng election, and we pledge ourselves to use our utmost exertions to socnrs your return (Hero follow 420 signatures).' Chambers, Ellsahofh-streot, 17th May, 1859. Grntlrsírn,-I have to acknowledge, with pride und gratification, tho ver) flattering requisition which has Just been placed in my hands. As my views on most of tho great subject« of tho day are tolerably familiar to you, and as moreover I intend to address tho electors immediatol) throughout the county, nt) present ohject is only to declaro ni)solf a candidato in aoeordanco with )our wishes Should jon again do mo tho honour of returning mo as ono of tho représentatives of my nativo count), I shall porsover ingl) endeavour to discharge my dut) to voursolves aud to W10 oountr) with fidolit) and onorgy. I have the honour to bo, Gentlemen, Your faithful sonant, WILLIAM V. WILD. To tho 420 gontlomon signing the requisition TO THE ELECTORS OP PUK HOGAN -Gentlemen, -Having boon solicited b) many of )ou to allow mvsolf to bo nominated as a candidate fir tho representation of tho Hogan in tho New Parliament, I now beg to Intimate to )ou that mv stiicis aro at )Oiir disoosil, and that I am willing to act, if elected your representative Tho probability of most of the olectontcs being repro sented by mon who have no interests boyond tho towns or villages in winch thoy live, will show the great necessity for returning a member who is not Ignorant ol the wants of tho pastoril and agricultural interests and who »ill in his place in Parliament steadfast!) support tho require- ments of such electorates The mt« lost I havo in vour district, pro lucos of neces- sity, a reciprocal feeling with all connected with it Tho neccsit) is, therefore, obvious of |mvInga member whoso Interests aro idotiticil with his follow-electors, and who is independent of an) party Living in S)«lno), and having piont) of time at my dis- pos il, has led mo to take this step, and it is w ith great pleasure that I announce to )on b) this address, that I am a oandidato fory nr suflragcs I havo tho honour, to bo, Gontlomon, Your most obedient sen ant, AV r. BUCHANAN. Sydney, Ala) 12, lS'iO_ ANTE K » II It A h L U U T I O N - COOK'S RIVER COMMITTEE to secure the return of Air SAMUEL HENRY TERRY as a Mombor of Urn now Parliament for tho Electorate ofPantorbun - Michael Gannon J. B Morris Scarfo Hills John Douglass Robert Tooll Isaao Wortley Samuel Lovoly Doniiis Carrin William Welsh - Budd Trank Rrady Potcr Brennan Edward Bakor John Saunders James ^»potman J, Rattenbury William Baker T. Dives E C Rudd J. Dives AA'lllinm Sparkes W. Bradloy John Barbor AV. Clancy Hugh Campbell J Rowswoll AVlUinm Stols T. Rowswell Jesse Floomcv 0. Hunt R Oatinon R. Tindale AV Gannon F Belman F Gannon D. M'Guiro J (¡Hnnon.jnn. B Bramwell James F'ood AV. Lawronco St« phen Boen J Rell C Hoon T. Tjpo George If)nds P. Hamilton George Dont II Bmwn Andrew M'Korline li Harbor Michael Fleming AY. Smith John Cook R Cnrtis Joseph Hilton J Pears James Weward James Swain Charles Crowson T. ( urtis .lames Pointer J Carey Pr mois Con T. Wardal Thomas Kow sell F. Soldmoro William Land J. M'Neloe George Pearce. - Rut'les Thomas Bushby John Welsh AVilnam Valentine J. Redgrave John Hobarts E Grooby Stephen I<eo AV. Kennoy Charles M'Grath AV. Slater John M'Furnal G. Pont Samuel Carr NTäWTüWN ELECTORATE-Air THOMAS HOLT has consented to stand for tho representation of this district in tho approaching Parliament A requisition Is now in course of signature, and will be published, witii ins address, in course of a few days TillNKSTtO~MYSELF, THINKS I -I am passing down tho hill of life Hitherto, things havo gono poaccrull) with mo I havo mnnv friends who havo nlw ivs treated ino klndl) Tho bachelor undo Is rither looked Up to bv a finogronp of mecos and nephews Thp) siy that lindo Hirry is good naturel, hut often »mol) and thought! ii, and they wonilor why I should go about meditating, regarding things which don't c mi ern mo Now, tlieso young peoplo don t un li r,tand me in fact, the truth to tell I am not sure tnat 1 linderst mil myself From a hoy, I havo had a li «bit of tim kmjr, mil «t has so inórense«! upon mo that sometimes I catch myself thinking aloud. Tims, when I havo reid through tho Her vi n-as I do most religiously over) morning-I am sure to bo sur prisoil into the exclamation, peril ips half-a do70ii times, of "Thinks I to myself, thinks I ' Now, there is no par- ticular meaning in tins, but »lion 1 am astonished, it isa relief to re ill « the io nfort of tin se low »ords For a goo«l m inv years, I havo been in tho habit of writing letters intended for tho newspapers. I hsvn wnttPii and re-written, and revised nguiu and again, but, singular to sa), I have ii«vor lind courigo to send ono to tho printer's When a bo), my father bought me a book called "Reiectet Addrnssos," -that book proiluccd a morbid feeling of fear winch I havo never been ablo to conquer. Now, however, that wo havo a Now Elector ii Act, which is to makeover) man a politician , und tho ballot clause which is to give e\er) body a volo,-but intelligent womnn-and, moreover, as I, an old bachelor, am at last enfrinihised, I do not seo w li) ni) fears should not tio scattered to tho winds, mil at any rate trv to say what I think These political meetings piu/lo nie ( haps get np to talk, fur practico, I suppose The) rub peoplo up, and then rub thom down, "'list as my mun grooms " old Gri77lo" One night, not long ago, the gieat piliticians of Svdnc) got Air Premier Cow per to tho Now Temporáneo Ihcarro to exhibit himself, and give an a«count of his stewardship Ho was, too, to shadow foith, (this is the o\pre- sion, I think.) lils futuio polic) But did he * \\\ hat a distress- ing coalition the Cliiol Secretary must havo been in Ho was Cane-cd twice, but ho bit tho bullet, and didn't budgo an inch About that meeting of German electors, " thinl s I to nivself," that's vii) foolish It was ao iirtlul do Igo of tho Doctor s, no doubt Ho is so accustomed to marry couples in tho Germ in language, that it was natural tint ho should try and cc70n thom out of their votes iii their i ativo tongue also But that tho high-minded und uidepo dont C C should havo gone, is past my understanding Seven veirs ago to havo seen ."owper und Laug In couples ' or to havo had the s une olectioii committee-"ni) conscience'" But In in) innotonce, I hayo wondered where it is to ond. Lot mo think there should ht» sop irato meetings also for English, Irish, bco'ch, French, Danish, Ru«s, Chinese, <fco , Ac." [Whv not of tho Aboriginals ' mid get Mr Threlkeld to interpret J P« rhips, also it would be desirable to havo class meotings oral) denominations Thus. " On Monda) evening next, at tho Tempi i ince Theatre, Mr Cowper and Dr Ling will meet the membirs ol tho I burch of Eng- land, and will explain their religious opinions on ' High Church' and 'Low Church' on 'Oithodoxv,' and 'Evangelism' On this occasion Dr. Lang will bo tho chief speaker" Then, on the follow- ing evening, the) ould udilross tho four bodies of Pres- byterians, an«! Mr < owper especially could pxhibit the re- markable agreement in doctrino, and tho curious nature of their practice-particular!) tho Doctor's financial iibilit). The AA'cdiiPsday evening would bo devoted to tho members of tho Roman Catholic chun li, and great care wouhl bo taken that no word should drop to create nn impression that tho time never will como vrlie», chcck-b)-jowl, thoy might journe) together towards Rome The "Question of Q,ues ions" would form no part of tho night's onterUinmeut Thursday, Trida), and Saturday, could bo devoted to the other Gentiles and tho Jews. Tho classification might go on, and meetings bo called lo address tho L mil League, mid the Labour League, anil tho Protection League , tho friends of tho National 8) stem of education, and of tho Denominational , tho State-aid question, and the A'oluntiir) system And why not, all th<so linvo interests special, as well as the Ger- man electors of S«dnoy Uuinoug « " Thinks I to ni)self," that's tho word Tho world is being destroyed by it To act it out m an oitbo dox manner, there must bo two parties. Tho one humbugs, tho other is the humbugged ' In " this beautiful cit) o! S)dnev," touso tho words of tho oracle, how tho peoplo are gulled ' And how inno- cently the) swi How itali Mr Benbow, in his serene old age, must ei jo) it, and if ho bo earned into tho Houso upon the shoulders of the pi npli, certaml) a monument of brass should bo erected lor lum, after ho shall 1 ave pissed into a better world "Thinks I" what a choice we havo for E ist Sydne) ' Nine or ten candidates-ill gooii mon and true-ann the ballot box is to select four of rhem AVost b)dney is allis ' in a state or paral)sis Tnere is divinity, and law, and cabbage, and-what else ? " Thinks 1 toni)belf" If 1 was Sir Daniel Cooper, I wouldn't leave Paddington Hut love is the best and strongest that is first 1 remember Ric! ard Wind« yei, but even his endorsement wont make up lor want of tho power anil talent in the )oung man who can boast of snell a sue I think it is sometimes a bad tiling for a son to have had a clover father Wo shall see I vv is going to say that Mr. Martin bad botter-but my porridgo is ready _ UN« LE HARRY. INVESTMENTS m Debentures, Bank and otlier shares, may alwa)s be obtainoa or disposed of, at current prices, on application to LENNON and CAPE, Btock and share brokers, Terry's-buildiugs, Pitt-street. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY -IK00RPOBATKD (WtTIl IMPORTA« FRIVILEOM) BT Act or Parmamrvt of Nrw South Wals« for granting Assurances on Livo«, Present, Deferred, and ?wvcj°"ary An"uitles» »i11 Endowments for Children *nd Old Age, on the principle (proved bt an exprri ?NCtt Or 150 TEARS OK RINDRSD lSSTlTUTIOHS I» THR MOTHER OOCNTRT TO UK TUB MOST KQUITABLK AttD 8AFMT ron THR assurkd) of Mutual Assurance and a periodical division of the wholo of the profits among the whole of the members. Chairman-Jon* Fairfax, Esq. Oepnty-ohairman-W II. CnKiSTin, Esq. ROBERT THOMSON, Actuary and Secretory. Principal Offlco-Hunter-street. Sydney, February Kith HE NORTHERN ASSURANCE COMPANY OF LONDON. Established In 1836 'Incorporated by Act of Parliament. Capital, £1,260 000 sterling. FIRE DEPARTMENT. BATHS OP I'RKMIUK CLASS 1.-Brl<fk or stone buildings-slated, metal, ot shingled roofs, occupied as dwolling or counting houses only, from 2s. 3d. to 5s. 9d. per coot per annum CLASS 2.-brick or stono buildings-slated, metal, or shingled roofs, occupied for storing mer- chandise, or for purposes of trido, from 3s. Id te 7s 6d per cent per annum Bnlldings no included In cither of the preceding classes, «. if occupied for purposes of any harardous or specially narardous trado or calling, may bo insured by special igrecment. laisses adjusted and paid in Sydney. RUYER^and LEA RviOVTH. agent«. 4. Charlotte-place THE LIVERPOOL and LONDON FIRE and LIFE INs(TR\NCE ( OMI \>'Y. Empowered by Acts of Parliament. Established in 1810 Having a Colonial Proprietary, and tho following Board of Directors in Sidney : J S Willis, Esq , Chairman. Son G. R. Holden, Esq , M L.C I J. B Watt, Esq. iu.u. Sir Daniel Cooper, M P. I B Buchanan, Esq. lion. Sir C. Nicholson. Auditors. Ho John Alexander, Esq. | Archibald Campbell, Esq. MROICvt Upfkhhes Hon John Mac Farlane, Csq , M.D. Joseph Burgen, Esq , F R C S Bavkkrs-The Bunk of Australasia. SiiT.ioitors-Messrs Noi ton, Son, and Barker. SnRi kvor-Francis II. Grundy, Esq , CE. RksidIiNtSkcrptary- A Stringer Leathes. Oppicps - Margaret-street, Wynyard-sqnarb. DapfUl subscribed, ex< ceding .£1,580,000 \coumnluted Funds and Capital paid up, ex ceeding. . 1,088,000 Of which £1*50,000 is invested in tho colony, in Govern- ment and other securities Reserve Surplus Fund, £214,000-with unlimited liability of the shareholders The Directors continue to grant Policies of Insurance in aoth departments of the Company's bnslncss upon terms which will bo fon d as liberal as those of any other office, The fact of this Company having, since Its establishment In 183b, paid claims exceeding One Million Sterling (£1,000,00(1), those during 1857 exceeding £200000, is the best guarantee that can be oflored ef its liberality, whilst its enormous annual income, £450,000, and Its largo amount of accumulated funds, exceeding Ono Million Sterling (£1,000,000), tegother with tho unlimited liability of the shareholders, are the best proofs of its stability. Tables of rates for Fire and Lifo Insurance, In all its iranchQ9, and oven information, can bo obtained from A. STANOER LEATHES. Resident Socretory. k ÜSTKAL1\N JOINT STOCK BANK - .-\\. NOTICE is hereby given that Interest Is allowed îy this Hank, on fixed deposits as follóns, namely - At 5 per cent, per annum for a period of 6 months 4 " " " 3 months Por the greater convenience of depositors, Bank Post Bills, with interest added at those rates, respectively, are Isinod payable to order, and are thus negotiable at any moment. By order of the Board of Directors, A. H. RICHARDSON, general manager. MHE AUSTR\L!AN JOINT STOCK BANK has I reduced the Rates of Discount and Iuterest to the allowing, namely - On Bills of 95davs to run and nnder 6 per cent. Ditto 125 ditto ditto 7 ditto Ditto of longer term and renewals 8 ditto On Cash Credit, and uv erara» n Accounts 9 ditto By order of the Board of Directors, _A. II. RICH VRDSON, goneral manager. BANK OF NEW SOUTH WALE9. Pald-np capital .£500,000 Reserved fund. £175,000 This Bank allons interest upon deposits, if lodged for ixed periods, at rate» varvlnglrora S te S per cent, per .nnnm, and allons the immediate transferor such portion if customers' b dances as may not by them be immediately eqnired to a deposit account, at the above rates of in ^rest ' Divtnemls on shares In public companies, and Interest on eb9nture8, collected for customers free of charge. Investments in colonial securities and also in those of great Britain, etlected. Tho agency of Banks, either In tne colonies or in B i eland, undertaken on such terms as may be agreed ODOD. Credits and drafts tssned on England, America, and on the ohief ports in the Eastern Seas, also opon all towns within the Australnsian colonies ROBERT WOODHOUSE, secretory. Bank Of Now South Wales. 1st November._ COMMERCIAL ISWKIVG CiniP \ N'Y.-Fron the dato the rates of diswunt in operation at this Bank »ill be On bills of 05 «lavs cnrronci and ander, 6 per cení. 125 ditto ditto ditto ... 7 per rent. over 12.5 ditto ditto ditto . . . 8 per cent. Interest on rush credit accounts wúl be chargeable at the ra eol 9 per cent» per annum. By order of the Board. ROBERT NAPIER, Manager Sydney, 1st March, 1859. _^^ ORIENTAL BANK CORPORATION. (Incorporated by Royal Charter ) Paid-up capita) .£1,260,000 Reseñe fund . 252,000 Interest will bo allowed on fixed deposits, lodged after ate as under, viz. :-j Per Annum. «Subject to 7 day s' notice of withdrawal... 2J per ceit Ditto 15 ditto .S ditto Ditto 3 months' ditto .4 ditto Ditto 6 ditto ditto.5 ditto Dltt 12 ditto ditto ... ".5$ ditto GEORGE K. TNGBLOW. Manager. Crown Lands' Ofllco, Sydney, 20th May, 1859. PRE-EMPTIVE PURCHASES APPROVBD.-It is herohy notified that his Excellency the Governor General, with tho advice of the Executivo Connell, has been pleased to approve of the persons mentionod in tho annexed bst being allowod to purchase, under their pre- emptive right, the portions of lund s onlfied 2 Unless the required payments he made into Hie Colo- nial Treasury, Sydnov, within threo months from this dnto, a tine of ten per cent will bo added for every three months or part of threo months, that the pnvment is doloyod, in conmhance with the notice of 7th October, 1858 1 G CO BARNBY, Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands. ArPLICANT. Name of Rus. Cost of Mea-ore MENT. Hodgson and Watts., Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Eaton Vale, Darling Downs Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto 320 0 0 160 0 0 160 0 0 2C9 0 0 160 0 0 170 0 0 160 0 0 160 0 0 320 0 0 160 0 0 160 0 0 £ s. d. 344 0 0 168 0 0 172 0 0 282 9 0 176 0 0 191 5 0 168 0 0 168 0 0 344 0 0 163 0 0 168 0 0 £ s. d. Nil. 7 0 0 7 0 0 7 0 0 7 0 0 7 0 0 7 0 0 7 0 0 Nil. 7 0 0 7 0 0 SYDNEY OPHTHALMIC INSTITUTION, for the Cure of Diseases of the Eye.-Patron, Sir William Denison. President, Sir A. Stephen ; Surgeon, Dr. Bern castle. Apply from 9 to 11,20, W) »yard-square. » Departnwnt of Internal Communication, rjRBAT WESTERN RoÄtenÄ $S b. nolldlng Culvert« on this road between Penrith and Bathurst, In aceordanoe with terms of advertisement in th« Stdkkt Mohwikq HKRsLDoftliP22nd april. Department of Land and Public Work« ~~ riBBA-P WESTERN RoAis^D^A IT TENDERS will be received at tnlsofficeuntU 12 o'clock on TUESDAY. 31st May next, for cmbCgat! tering, draining, forming, ballasting, and metalling 0» this road, between Sydney and Penrith, in accordanceTwIU» terms of advertisement in the Sm-iEr Mobnino Herau» Department of La»id and Public Work*, G"" Sydney, 14th April, 1859i RRAT NORTHERN RO \D -1st DISTRICT - TENDERS will bo received at this office until "l2 o'clock on TUESDAY, 31st May next, for draining, form, ing. ballasting, motalli g, und building culverts on this road, between Morpeth and Doughboy Hollow, in accord- ance with terms of advertisement in the Sydnbt Mobvim» HrnAt.Dof 19th April. Department of Land and Puhllo AVorks, f"""." «vdiiey, 14th April, 1859. 2_RRAT SOUTHERN ROAD-2nd DISTRICT _ T TENDERS wilt ho received at this office until 12 o'clock on TUESDAY, 31st Atav, for draining, forming, ballasting, metalling, and bulhlmg culverts on this ros! botween Camdon and Gunning, in accordance with terms of advertisement in tho Srn\KY Mobmno Hfiuld of Mh April K»r>OE BENDEMEER-TENDERS will bo "ii received at tins office until 12 o'clock on TUESDAY tho 31st May next, from pirsons willing to contract for tho construction of abridge over tho M'Donald River at Róndeme«, in accordance with the terms of advertisement in thoSvDVBT Mormvq limit n of tho 16th April. Department of Land and Public Works. _S)dney, 14th April, 1851. FALBROOK »RIDGE -TEVDHHS will bo received at this olllro until 12 o'clock on TUESDAY, tho 31st May next, from persons willing to contract for the con struction of a Bridge at Falhnuk, i amherwoll, in accord- ance with th« terms of advertisement in tho SïDjfgr Mornino Hmuoof the 16th April Department of Land and Public Works. S)dno),6th April _ BRIDGE. TAMWORTH -TENDERS »ill berecewd at this Office, until 12 «.'«lock on TUESDAY, the list May next, from persons nilling to contract for the construction of a Bridge over the Peel River, at Tam- worth, in accordanco with ho terms of advertisement ¡n tho Stdnky AIorvino Hprai d of the lfith April. Department of Land and Puhllo Works, S)dney, 14tb April. O BUILDERS AND OTHERS-COURT HOUSui ALBURA'-Notice is invit'd to an advertisement in tho Goy KRVMKVT GA7FTTK, calling for TENDERS for tho erection of a Court House at Al' urv Tenders will be rccoivcii at tho Office of fjainls anil Public Works, Sydney, up to 12 o'clock on TUESD \Y 14th June, and must be endorsed "Tender for Court House. Albury" Plan, «pacification, and form of toniler, m iy bo Ram, and further particulars obtained at tho Colonial Architect's Office, S)ilnev. and at the Court House, Albury 11 E N D H li S RE Q U I R B ß . Forthooxcavation for, ami completion of masonry work (about 100 perches) for a new church at Sutton Forest, according to plans and specifications. Tor sawn timber, about 2W0 (ivventy-fivo hundred) feet, dolivered For shingles 28,000 (twouty-cight thousand), delivered. Full particulars can bo obtained np m application to the undersigned, to whom alt tenders (sealed and endorsed) must be dolivered on or before nth lune next. ' F J PAYNE, Sutton Forest secrctvn anil treasurer. TO BUILDERS and others-ADDITIONS AND ALTERATION-* at Legislativo Buildings-Notice is invited to an advprtispmcnt in tho GovfuSMFS/Ga 7FTTF, calling for TENDERS fo certain additions and alterations required at the Legislative i udding8,8)dney. Tenders will be reccivail nt the Oftlco of Lands and Public Wo-ks Sydney, np to 12 o'clock, on WEDNES DAY, Sith instant, and must bo ondorsed "Tender for Additions to Legislativo Buildings " Plan, specification, and form of tender may bo seen, and further particulars obtained, at the Colonial Architect's Office, Hyde Park _ TN THE ESTATE oftho hi'o Mr. SAMUEL ALEV ANDER, saddler, 416, Georgo-street - To Saddlers, Harness-makers, and the Trade gem rall). NOTICE -Tho undersigned, px<"« utors in the abote estate, will be ready to reco ve TENDERS on and after THUR3DAArnPxt, the 12th instant, until tho 31st Ma), Instant, for tho whole of tho valuiblo stock of Saddler), Harness, Saddlers' Material*. Ac , together with the remaining portion of tho Lease, Goodwill, and Fix- ture's of tho premises in tho occupat'ou of the late Mr. Samnel \'pxan«ler. Tho stock comprises every article neccssar) for conduct- ing a flrst^cln<s tude, all the goods having been imported express!) to «ho order oftho late proprietor. In reference to the goo Iwill and nieimses little needbe stated, tho fact of tho premisi s being so centrically situated, and tho laro occupant having acquired an in- dependency in a few years, solely from the profits of the business, is sufficient recommendation. Tho stock will ho ready for inspection on THURSDAY, the i2th instant, for cards to view tho same, and terms, appIvtoMr .T. LAZARUS, 311, George-street, orto Mr I MYERS, 432. Gpo-^-tiPPt_ TENDERS will ho r« co ypd b) t'.p undersigned, athis office, Wynyaid scpiar«,until THURSDAY, the26ft instant, at 12 o'clock no ni, fur ti o erection oftho Rusting» ami Po'ling Booths riypineil for the approaching election, for tho olectoral d'stnet of \\\ p-t S)dnpy. Plans and spociilcatioiis can bo seen, and al) particulars obtained by applying lietween tho hours of 9 and 12 o'clock (forenoon | of pnph day JOHN GOUGH CALLER, returning officer for liest S)dhO). S) dney, 21st Mo)._ BUILDERS aro invited to TENDER for additions re- quired to a Store vpplv tnW B RAD RIDGE «nd SON, architects and surveyor« 200, Palmer-street_ IA O TUE MEDICAN PROFESSION-I faNDWlS will bo received b) tho undersigned, until MONDAY, 23rd Alay, «t noon, for a du") qinlihed Medical Practitioner to attend the members of Court I'ersev crane o, A 0 lî F For particulars appH to TAMKfr CONLON, Exeter-place, near tho corner of Kit/abet li and Campbell street« RGENTS H'lRSE BAX X Alt, LIVERY STAMM and S AliB Y \RDS - The public is respectfully in- formed that the above 'stnblisliment is now open for its accommodation, and will bo conducted, so far as circum- stances permit, upon the plan» lound moat desirable in the mother country Tho propru tor, whoso oxppiienco lins been maturtd la- the prominent position ho long «iccupied, in one of the largest sale yards in Svdn.-v pu rp .»ps the periodical SAlm BA' AUCTION OF DOUSE STOCK at his Bazaar.nnd at tho Cattle Market A'ard , Arrangements lisve also hpen mndo (it ith Mr Dawonji by which tho undersigned ml. be « nahlid to hold Sales of Cuttle and Sheep at Homebush, w lieie the proximity to the Railivay Station, tho shnrt «lisfance Irom the motropolu, and (house of cxtonsivo paddock«, offer triplicate aovan I tages to gra/ior« mid others m ten st ed [ Saving of time to.S)dnc) btiyois has been decpl) con- sulted in refuenco to the hour ni auction-such hour being fixed at 11 o'clo« k in order that pur« husers may have time i to arrive b) tho 10 o'chxk train Irom S)dncy, transact their business, and r turn by the train which reacnM Swlnoy at one o'clock , s,> tint in ordinär) cases bidden will bo enabled to finish their busi .ess at tho )ards, »itt* outbolng absent from town mote than three hours or thereobnits , "nn To old colonists and stockhol lers, the undersigned con aiders himself insufle«! in staling that a tolerable gnnran tee for tho ohuimnpnt « f the full value of snell stock wu bo given, by tho ju lemont and emit nueil supervision oi nu fiither, who has been for immy v ars known to thegnîiers of New South Wales, and tick ami icdjed bl them as an ei collent authority osa pur. has« r, and who will contmiie w> aid tho inteiests ol those gentlemen who favour tins esw mont with their patronage , , of Commissmns, at the rate of 2V per cent upon ni saies m horses, cattle, or she. p and oici) elloit made to dojusu« to both bil) ers and sellers iky»««'« Lively will be charged upon all hoi ses intend'or M» by auction, at tlic rato of bree shillings per night, «PT horses not Intended tor sale, four shillings per night, «T? when such horses urn lort lor n longer period than one we" the rato will be tnont)-fivoshilliius pel week. . The undersigned, tnoref..re, ti mt» lie¡may bo favour« with a Bharo of that supj.K>rt w Inch it « ill ever bo ins em «on to deserve. ,r"0MAS ARGBNT.ju«. Horse Bazaar. P'tt-atrcet, S «Iney_-" EsPABU-HPil) 1842 -Phi: I'll -Messrs J. ami 11. EM \NUKU Dentists, of IW, Georgo-s ^ »«£ near Iluutor-streot -Persons who suff.r from tentegow and loss of tenth, consult Messrs |,J»'ln"_,:1_.°,C*i"0ttt thoa- now method is c rtt n-ihcv oin bo «placed «jwi» extracting s.iund .lumps or causing tho »lightest pom so often resorted to by new rienced p-.sons,talton or placed on tho most fondor gu .is. novi r change colour o break, and will be found ol mímense importance n au cafesofahs.irpt.on.tlK.rtenden.y boing to snnporj a») remaining teeth, securing health. « o ..fort,»* PJT appearance, for as rat»ti.ati..ii and articetotm «W feVtly restored, the »aim becomes uncoM«?» or «J n? artificial teoth. Supplu d at charges to meet tlio viens '"^TeUh and stumps extracted Teeth cleans«! «J "topped with go'd Clill'hen s te til fcjiil»tc«__ ?.\TbOWA »LE >bbl is, v. ». t. d -Ä,^n;_fnn V tho destruction of vegp.i.bVs by the aplite, the<w dersigned has been Induced o imporj " Vlir'c^ eO seeds of the most approved kinds and if from «¿^ Part of them are m p.ckagcs of assorted k nd, M > i 21s., and 42s porpsckugo; selert«! as T»*leior^ private gentleman's garden, add «WW** 1239, Pitt-street, near tho Theatre, down the g»t«i>».. 