Election Notice. T 0 THE ELECTORS OF THE CITY OF MSL Fcllow-Citizons,-I feel tlio time has como wini every well-wisher of his country, every trao patrios, ricttlne asido nil minor and simply porsonal consider* iionB ) should make that effort of which ho Is cipablo to advance tho general Interest of this now country, tho country of his adoption. Under this feeling, I humbly offer myself as s (ii il'da'c to represent you in the forthcoming Legislative AE'e'mbly. And to this end, it will bo nocossary for mo'to loy beforo you a short outllno of the genaral nrlnclplcs which will regúlalo my actions in em lou should return mo ns ono of your represoutativoä ;, and I (hall begin, as I hopo to end, hy being canlll ""bv legislation is meant tho construction, or bund- ine up of a system of laws and regulations, tlio re- sult of which ought to bo tho production of tin crcatcst human happiness and prosperity. . This being the grand and shnplo end of all loglsla tivo action, it is plain that objoots of such woiifhty Importance ought to bo gono into in a spirit of dolibor inveness and caution commonsurato with the glory of tho ends to ho attained. And wo should novor forgot that this is a new country, and In your bandi, as tlio fresh cloy in tlio liands of tho potter, ready and plaitio, to receive tho ovcry Impression and Uno which you think wiso to placo upon It. And thiB leads mo to ob- serve, as sequential upon what I have said, that tho wotk to bo dono hero Is not so much that of reform i tion, as ono moro essentially of construction. If you suffer, thoreforo, the plastic mass which Is In your hands to beconio hotorogoiioous and chaotic, fio fault must !io at your own door, as every thing no.v ¡satyour own disposal, and obedient to your ovdry lids is now tho latter part of tho nineteenth contu-r, nr.d wo havo learned, nnd havo boen taught tliniuifii history, tho various efforts which the world of inl.i 1 has mado during that period to porfeot a systo.ii or coiernmcnt in which tho largest amount Is contihnd of the elements of Individual freedom and happlnun ; and tlio sanio hlBtory points out that tho hist and noblest effort of tho human mind has been tho créa- tion and advent ofDemocraoy : for in Democracy alo io is contained tho eternal and everlasting principio tint in Individual mon alono Iles tho light to liiiluo.ijo his own dentiny, cither for weal or woo. It will appear from this, that whllo Démocratie, in- stitutions (or such as wo now onjoy) aro tho molt In- tellectual and philosophic form of government uudor which wc can lfvo, yot thoy aro tho most dlllieitll to Ira attained, and whon attained rcqulro tho Urj.-st amount of wisdom, cxrorlcnco, and patriotism (o.-i tlio port ef the people) to continuo thom in tint degrto of purity and integrity which will becifro to us tlicir salutary operation. And this lends mo noaai saiilj-to the first orticlo or my programmo-namoly, Edmntlnn, then, should form tho basis ol tills our new political edifico ; for, ts I talco it, thoro can bo i.oiintl no other element whatever that can stand in its place. And why? Bccauso it is education alo.n that elves knowledge, cspnndB tho mind, elevates tha moral«, enables man to know man, und uudoiati-id himself; teaches him the value of freo institution!, and a wholesome horror of anything tlio revel»«. lunn it will bo seen that an educated peoplo-ls Iii! hest pallcdium of freedom, tlio surest antidoto ng dust crime, and tho best guoranteo of tho stability, p acs, and prosperity of tho commonwealth. But education must bo national ; in other wonli, it must bo ai ¡lol germ, taldng its root in tho bri id loam of the universal people It must havo nothl ig to do « lib tho Church In any form, in any. way, how much soever littlo. It inust bo purely sccul ir, and Mint alono ; It must not bo an education of tlio memory »nil of words, of empty forms and decayed crocito, It must bo an education of tho thinking part ; tho teaching of things; of tho relation of thu external world to man himself-In a word, it must bo til3 teaching of the physical sciences and of tho organ!; laws In connection with llfo. ThiB, then, is tlio edu- ca I'll I would recommend tho basis of tho constitu- tion lo ho ; and as its growth is to be univcr-al, tho foui.ilatlon on which it rosts must bo equally so. I would therefore inako its support a first mid perma- nent enarco upon nil land, so that it might becoino tlio imperishable root and basis of the State Having now eared for tho well-boing of tho mind, It naturally follows I should care for tho woll-be-ln-,'of the loily ; mid this dovolopcs tho second article of my programme-namely, tho Land Question. w ¡iliout bread to cat, and firesido happiness, it will ho In valu to talk of education. Ko ono can supposo that starving children or lagged shivering boya could bo sent to school ; and, ¡nilee-d, If In tlieso circumstances their parents uuulil s;uro them (which is not likely) is it not natural to iii-iposo that their stomachs would occupy much muro of tlicir attention than any consideration uhout their mimi 't I th'nk this scarcoly requires an opinion, and It iccms plain, therefore, it wo want universal uJuci tlon, it eau only emanate- from universal bread. And to effect this I know of no othor means tli.au tin land ; mid as tho land has educated the mind, it must now becoino the common mother of all, and oven sup- port (ho body. For, galnBay It who may, I hold that unless tho land bo cultivated and its resources fully developed-unless agriculture, In a word, bo nuvlo tho staple nnd basis of a country-trade, cniuiuurco, and manufactures becoino a meaningless nomo-¡i sound merely, for substanco it cannot have. 1 would, thoreforo, in compliance with tldi vlow, open the public landa to all comers; nay, oncoiiri-ro bona lldu sottlorB upon tho land in every possiblo wny : every aero cultivated is riches added to tho public coffers, and ovory man so employed is tlio trncsS wealth a country can possess. And I should havo no uneasiness (as some would make us believe) about any general bcramblo and spoliation of tlio lands which would take placo under tills arrangement, os the condition of residence and cultivation would naturally and easily adjust tills tendency at tho propor time. Tho lands, then, might bo taken possession of and secured, eithor hy out-and- out purchase, and, certainly deferred payments, or an annual tax, of .a judicious and propoitionato amount substituted, toboper.ni ncnt ; and which, to my mind, is not only the n >r, rational, but ultimately would in ovory way be 11103t boneilclal to thu country. If after the settlement of this question, and a fair trial lind been given to it, I still found tho country restless under tlio pressuro of unemployed hands, I should certainly then turn for succor to tho principio of protection for nativo Industry. And, although 11 believer In the main In freo trndo, yet it must not bo forgotten that in a now country, littlo niiitiiroJ, and tho different interests In no way consolidate!, judgment and contrlvnnco must bo had recourse to to support the young child until it attains tho staturj, 8trcngtli, and vigor of Independent manhood. Such, then, aro my views on what may bo cdled th Broad Question-and no ono will doubt that a vory important question it is. 'llio fourth subject in my programme must bo from Its co-relation to what has preceded, and .from the important part it has always playod In nil previous countries and nations-must bo Churcli and Slate. On tills subject I would say, lot thora Dons m my altars, as many churches, as the pcoplo have a mind for; and lot thom havo tho extremo plcasuio and satisfaction of paying for thom, as thoy at all times willingly do for any other pleasure tiley enjoy ; but let thoro ho no-not tho vory slightest- connection betweon "Church audSlafo;' That liydra-headcd monstor, " Church and State." haslicentho political "infernal machino" for ovcry despot and cut-throat for ages, and has shod more blood, murdorcd moro men, women, and children than tlio wars of all tho Imbcollo Imperial despots and hireling military chiefs put together. Let us havo, I repeat, as many altars as tho poop'o . dcslro ; but lot thom stand upon thoir own intrinsic goodness and vitality ; lot ovory man, as an Indoloa siblo right, worship his God in lils own way, and thon toleration will spread ovor tho land, with tho bonoll ccnt liillucne-o of the rising sun, toning and refining all Intobrothcily lovo and affoctlon. Having discussed the four important subjects of Education, Land, Protection, and Church Endowmont, I shall now pass In brief review boforo ino a fow other Important topics, and then close this, already too long, nrotrrammo. Tho law, in its twofold phaso of civil and criminal hirispnidcnco, demands our boat and gravest attention. Without Justice easily attained, and fairly and Impar- tially administered, no country can ho cstoomod fi-00 or happy ; and I am bound to say, and say it strongly, that I know nothing in this country that stands so much in need of entire and radical reformation as tho subject of law. Thero must bo a rigid rovlslon of all our law stntutos, whotlior criminal or civil, and much must bo cxclsod as not required, while much must bo greatly modified to fit tlio requirements of this new country, and whllo all this Is necessary, it will still bo incompleto, till tho wholo bo reduced to a form and systoni so slniplo and regular as will entitle It to bo called a codo-tho Codo of Victorian Laws; so that in ovory man's houso may bo found a volumo, in dally uso and examination, that all may know, not only how thoy aro protected, but learn to oboy thoso laws which thoy havo assisted' in making. AU magistrates should bo paid, and nono bhould bo appointed to bo rospouslblo aplaco unlosi thoy aro, by previous gonoral education and a thorough knowledge of tho law, porfeetly fitted to oxoroijo so high and perilous a function. Besides, tho power thoy at present possess should bo very much abridged, inasmuch sb tho extent of their Jurisdiction is a crying disgrace and shamo to tlio country, Aa thlngB aro, tho property, nay tho vory wcll-licliig, of tho cltlzon is entirely at tho mercy of every uneducated upstart, who may bo a political partisan, and who may overwholm his supposed enemy, or enemies, from any whim or caprico, which a depraved heart is too apt to lndulgo. This stato of mattera must bo looked to, and Im- mediately adjusted, whllo our jury systom must bo carefully watched, and mado as universal in applica- tion as posslblo. In It alone can bo found tho aafoty and freedom of tho pcoplo. ' Paid Mombora of Parliament.-I bollevo in rofor " enco to this question (and beg to draw particular ' attention to It) that tho country will novor bo pro porly governed, or tho legislative duties zoalously discharged, or public robbery, peculation and hrlbory put down, till tho fair Initiation of this principio. , And 1 contond thoro is moro in the pilnciplo ot -payment of memhors than is apparent upon tho surfaco. e Unpaid members aro nobodies' members, and no- bodies' friends. Thcv got discontented with thoir position, their solf pridols lowored; vanity takes tho alarm, and, their poor consciences unablo to stand the shock or bring up a rescue, thoy gradually sldlo into n nice little uovcrnment billot, or, what Is worso, utterly neglect' the dutios of thoir placo; thus victimising tho con Suing hopOB of thoir constituents, and lcavo tho s country to toko its luck as host it can. Boildos. the principio of nonpayment ofmoniDors, a9 in everything else, is essentially bad, rotten at tho core ; In short, it 1b not a principle at all, but a pre- varication and porvorslon of truth and nature ; a dó- rico to gull common sonso, by misnaming It somotlmos enanty nnd Bomotimeslionor; but tho real Ene'llsh of nonpayment in anything is, "To know how not to do tno thing required." ? Nonpayment in tlio prácticos of uro. o«ery Ono will admit, ,1s noithor a rulo nor a prln opio, but is an exception;'and tho commonest Instinct ?» 1 ne.rcclvo 'hat ft' Is' a principio -in uaturoi as in "mio, that compensation or equilibrium must bo »auitalned,-otherwise tho wholo fabric of- commoroo. »s ornaturo, would como to an ond. ; ' ? J£$i' unPa'd membership narrows the sourcos of »oiecuon to thoso of money morely, regardless of education or general fitness ; and thus debars oddcatail «M meritorious poverty from entering an arena ^JJT^60 congenial to all ita early and natural pre I am an advocate for direct taxation, in tho brondost 25* 'i,10 *£». No man in a free and onllglitonod S ¡?S?*1£° c?Ued UP°B toP»y torn "pigin a none, it ¡j not on]y "ontnuy t0 trndo but ^ u tíary to common temo. It may fit verj well despotic r.nd hrutlDh forms of government, but a dcmocr-isy should havo lea thoso " dark auca" fnr behind. Aifain, if this chango were ofTected, tlio country would got oiiit of vast and oxpensivo iii.ichinciy, with a whole lecion of Govornmont employees, who would bo much belter cmployod at reproductive occupations, such as cultivating tho land, Se., and thus producing I am'opposed to all morconary standing armies and flotillas of war : they may bo comparod to a mU'. stono round tho neck of the body-politic. They look vory well, mako a great noise, but oro quite un- productive, and vory oxpoiisivo to maintain. True, thoy may bo required in ntl old country, where monarchy, Imperialism, or priestcraft requin- to he supported at tho point of tho bayonet ; but as wo h ave nothing of that kind hore, it would seem thoy aro not necessary. As regarda the outcry about inv."fion, and au that "flddle-faddlo," I do not bellovo j, wold In it ; it may suit old wives, and frail but moneyed old gontlomen to mako this nolso.Tiavlng much to loso, as they supposo ; but you do not hear tho wi/rfclng-man expressing any uneasiness or terror on this point; if. however, ho bad a fireside and a horno upon tho broad hinds oí the country which ho cotTld call his own, ho woui 1 then have something real to protect ; and, trust mo, If such wero tho caso, protect thom ho would. And this ovolvoB tho principio of a national militia,, or tho natural dofeneoofa couutry, at all times tho surest and BafcBt, and tho best bulwark against all ag- gression a country can havo. But a national militia should bo organised hy the Government, upon tlio most liberal and otillglitonod principles to bo effective. It should begin with early youth, and tho gymn v BhiXQ and military training: should form a part of our national system of education. It should pel meato all society, andBhouhl only ocaso to oporato upon tho in- dividual having passed the middle ago of lift. , Mechanics' institutions and Trades' Halls would meet with my most oarncst support, bollovlng, ai I do, that thoy form lho real nursories for tho cducati in and nurturo of inidiHoyouth; tho Arts, Scloneos, a:vl Philosophy should he there taught and oxpounded by the host masters, and paid for with tho highest salaries. Thcso institutions should bo open to all comers, at tho lowost possiblo prlco ; while, at the lemo time, thoy should ho fitted and adorned with every convonienco, appliance, and apparatus ncces tary to tho effectual realisation or the objects in vlovv, anel to draw and onllco the voutli of all agos within their portals. . , . Thoy should contain a vital air! progressive prin- cipio, not dead and ttagnaut, gonomting only cobwebs, dust, and malaria. Thoy should not bo closo boroughs, got up for the C5 presa accommodation and support of ono man, to lho exclusion of all other interests, no matter how n.uch soovor important. In a new country tho importanco of roads and bl idgos cannot bo over estimated ; for thom, thorj f< re, I should bo always most anxious to obtain largo and trequont votes of monoy, mid to moot tho vio .va of tho people horo, with comprehensiveness and action, behoving that ono of tho true interests of this count.y is lost sight of In tho neglect ol' the formation of tho ncccsenry groat highwaj s. ,' Our ports should bo open to tho ships of all nation i. free of duos or Imposts of ovoi-yklnd. Our harbors end docks should bo as completo, extensivo, and ai full of contilynucos as the arts and sciences can make them, so as to induce tlio custom of nil the world. Our profit should bo made, not fiom tho duties impose, but from tho oxchango of tho commodities they bring nnd tho trado thereby occasioned. In a vi ord, nothing should bo dono to drlv o tho custom of tho world away; v\ hilo, on tlio other limul, _oi;ory ?il.iiig bhould bo dono to invito and oncourago t'.io stranger to our shores that good treatment and civility er.ii do. . ? Only by such liberal ami cnllghloncd policy ai indicated can wo cicr hopo to llval or outvie tho giundcur and glory of tho f.ur.oiis marts of antiquity. I shall flnlfch this progrnmmo by staling that I am cn nelvocato for bi- annual, or oven annual, Parlia- ments, bolioving that good representatives, like (rio 1 tci vants. Should bo always anxious to squaro account i with their cmnloj ora, andtoicudcr a roportof how they havo conducted tho business cntiusted to tlnir caro as often as possiblo. Fin thermoro, I hollcvotli.et tho excitement, inquiry, and discussion occmbíouo.i throughout tho people by thoiO froquont occurroiiuis, ¡Bono of tho host tchoolB or Impiovement and on lightcnmcnt that tho institution of democracy cv-.i oller them. I havo finished, and wlijlo I know of mam- defeats In this Btatemont, I havo a hope, if my vio» s in-n those of tho people, and find a sincero echo! in their breast--, that I shall yot havo an opportunity upon the platform (In tholr midst) of extending vvji it I havo said, and laying bcfoio them a full exposition of my political faith. But I must add, if tuen bo \hi case, and that tho pooplo bollevo in tho principles I have act forth, it will bo for thom to call mo ipto political existence, for If thcso principles cannot carry mo through, vi Ithout corruption, bribery, canvassing, money expenditure, and all oihor improper practidc-, then tho principles, with the Ulan, had better hUo their diminished heads. , Fellow-citizens, 1 am in your hands, and subicribe myself, > ALEXANDER HUNTER, Fellow of tho noyal Collego of Surgeons, , Edinburgh, ' Morc_an_lse. ¡ < I LEX. MACFARLÀN and Co. have on SALE, jL Brandy-Boilvln's and Fnuro and Co.'s; British do. Rum, old Jamaica, in caso ; do. bulk Daw son's whisky, in quarters ; Mountain Dcwj 11 caso I Bui don'o sherry, ginger vvino Jeffrey's nie, lu bulk and bottled ,, ' Dunlop cheese, hams, and ling fish ' j Janis, in tins and jars ; inarmuludc, do, . , Preserved moats, Finnan hnddocks, and pickles Whito and rod herrings, in hnlf-bnrrels and iinji Macltlo's Edinburgh biscuits ; Perth ink Invoices soda crj-stals, whiting, nnd b'athbricks Enrtho'ivvaro, brushw.ire, and furnltuio - i Tobacco-pipes, meerschaum, washed and sand- papered 1 TcwolllngB, Bhlrts, wax-cloths, and canvas _ . 1 Throe-bushol bags, woolpacks, and sheep-nets < Europo ropo, Manilla do., Beaming and roping twino Sulphuric acid ; blade fencing wiro Plumbers' and onglncera' fittings ; winnowing machiucB Pig iron, phaetons, dogcarts, double crabs Ploughs, harrows, copying presses Flour-mills, engines, wool presses. 13 Fllnders-Uno cast. B RIGHT BROTHERS and Co. havo on SALE - Thln's Joins, fruits, faucon, pickles Tuckor'B staicli, Baker's blacking Tapioca, oatinciil Taylor Brothois'chocolate, cocoa, mustard, &c.; Ling-fish, In 1-ewt. «asos Preserved cod and ling, in 1-lb. tins Yarmouth bloators, preserved do. White honing», in half-firkins Pates do fois gras, pates pola Winfiold's bedsteads Peyton and Poyton'B do. Paper, papor lugs, envelopes ! Malt ; hand, flour, and coflco millB _ ¡ Brazlory, English spades and tliovols Mllncr's Bafcc and deed-boxes White lead, 28-lb. tins ! Wilkic's ploughs and harrows Zinc, Vcfllo Montagiio , Canvas, ships' blocks, mast hoops, &c.; , Boiler plato | 3-bushol wicks, woolpacks , Cordage, seaming twino i Joulo's celebrated Stono alo Marrlnn's Burton-Weir alo ' London stout, in hhds. Howell nnd Co's brandies mid old tom Thln's whisky; ShenifTa whisky ' Arbouin Maiott and Co.'s braudle?, in bulk and bottlo ! Sherry, tho finest, direct fiom Cadiz | Port, Snndeinans. dil cot from Oporto. I Address- Comer of Flin dors-lano and liond-strcot. BRISCOE and Co., 11 Colllns-strect cast, aro now landing, ox sundry ships, the following goodsj B.B.H. crown, bar, and rod ¡ron; black sheet iron, Newcastle griudstonca, Ewbank- patejnt nails, Sorby's falling axes, Scotch screw- oyed augers, mortlso nxes, gimblctB, Iron vvij-o, brasswork, Altwood's anvils, double-faced ¡vpd hand hammers ; fencing wiro, Nos. 2, 3, i ; octagon, spring and doublo-shcai- steel; Îiortablo forges, tin gold-wnslicrs, plate- glais anterns, canillo cotton, whito enamelled dlnncr,platcs and dishes, tinned boshis, Sorby's pit-saws, 0 to 7J feet ; Briscoo's bqst London whitelead, Bccond quality do., bar and sheet coppor, zinc nails. Ingot and sti-^n tin, Id. black inks, Mnrplo'ii gimblots, brace* bits, coopcis' pmiohes, turpentine, Day and Martin's janan blacking, bath-hrleksj ; patent Bafoty," doublo tupo, and gutta-pci-olia fitzo ; single ami doublo iron coakod blocks, Williams? working-knives, carvers and ehop. pors, Indlnrubbor tublng.Elcy's gun and pistol cans, bound tool-baskots, huidlo -nails, sad dloi-s'olontand tinned Flemish tacks, sowing twino, J-lb. hanks, ironwood screws, assorted, atovo-Borows, tinned pestles and mortars, sheot hrasB ; Sorby's 20-in. handsaws, bright iron back, and circular saws ; cross-cut and mill saws, assorted; japanned coal scoops, furinioo shovols, iron padlocks, assorted,; tinned ladies, patent inall-nxics, galvanised and Japanned bow Ia. 12,14 in- ; locks, carpenters', drawback, and rim, assorted ; trunk and chest loelia, assorted ; brass padlocks, land chains ; nursery fondors, brass tops; Borlin black lcglktcr stoves, assorted; Gothic hall stoves, Kentish grates, fondors, polished steel flrolious, patent forco-pumps, brubhwaro ; albata and oloctro platou spoons, forks, &e.; ; japanned trays, as. Borted ; _. M. tea and coflco pots, rosewood handled butchers' Imlves, Rodgers' razors," ns / sorted ; blncklcad, ¡engine-packing, lead pipo, assorted ¡pointed corrugated Iron, 24,20W\G. ; galvanised corrug-tod iron, 24,20 W.G. ; axle blocks and arms, with Canon bushes, Ame- rican hard and wood vvaro, die. BRISCOE and Co., U Collins-strcot cast; Win. Briscoe and Co., Wolvorhi-inpton. C1 N. CAMPBELL and Co., 108 Colllns-strootvvost, j. have on SALE, ox John Linn, Jcssamhio, «ml W nshington, Jama, bottled fruits, sauces and pickles (Tlilnîs) Cheese, finest doublo Olouccstcr Curranta, now Pairas ¡i Plums (Fronch), In bottles , Mustard, starch Blue and blacklcad Salt, Ano tablo, in jars Beer, bottled, In case, best brands Whisky, bottled (Thln's) Nalia, Ewbank's ' Iron (best Stalfordihiro), bar, hoop, and shoot Paints, red and whito load Oils, raw and boiled Unseed Cordage, Manilla, tbreo and four strand. , D RAWING MATERIALS on SALE, Whatman's drawing papers, consisting of - singlo and double elephant, imperial and royal. Windsor and Nowtou's oil tubes, all colors. Rownoy's drawing pencils ' Conto crayons, Nos. 1, 2, and 3 [ Swiss do, quarter, half, and wholo boxes Tracing vellum cloth Reeves and Sons' color hoxes, complete JoBhua Rogcrs'a prize box of colors. LEVY BROTHERS, 24 BourUo-strcet cost. B G AMERICAN CAIUUAGES, ex Isabella.-Just , landed, Two-nhoolcd covered chaises Two-wheeled open tilburies Jump-scat buggies Carryalls, harness, &c.; The usual largo and varied selection of foreign and Victorian built carriages on vlow. Pantechnicon Carriage Galleries, 01 Quoen-Btroot. EOKWITH BROTHERS havo on SALE, now landing, Blasting-powder, largo grained Patent fuze Belmont candles Irish oats Military wellingtons, bluchers, &c.; Caso port wino Do genova MartoU's and Vinogrowers' brandy._ ILL, FOWLER, and Co. havo on SALE, Marble mantolpiccos, marble in slabs French burr stones _ Fortablo mills Iron columns Byass's alo and porter Nicholson's old tom Column's starch Carbonato of soda Tartarlc acid Essence of lomon Sodawator and gtngerbecr bottles Mauritius sugar Woolpacks, snecpshears Corn sacks Printing and writing paper Super-royal printing machino Colored domy, wrapping paper Ink-printing, writing, and colorod Whips-Ashford and Keyston's Cutlory-Lockwood and Fenlon's Navvy wheels, hand saws Axles, spring-cart axles Spring stool Iron bedsteads Avory's lovers and counter-wolghlng michincB Saltcr's balances Curled hair and hair-seating Enamelled leather Enamollcd Icnthcr-cloth Floorcloth Carriego cloth and laces Lancoviood shafts Ash plank, shafts and felloes Carriego harness Lamp candles Sydney maizo Wollongong hi butter. JEWELLERY, Watches, Plato.-The trustees o'. tho estato of David Henry, jowellor and Watch- maker, of Collinsstreot, beg to inform the trado au J tho publlothat the wholo of tho STOCK of WATCHES, Jewellery, Plato, &c;, is to bo SOLD, without tlio slightest reserve. Tho trasteos will offer the stock at 81 Collins-streot cost for 30 days, in order to tivotlu public an opportunity of purchasing prlvatoly, after which tho residuo of tho stock will bo sold by public auction. £00 silver Eng'.ish hunting and opon-facod patent Iovor watches, £3 16s. and £i 16s. each ; English cost, £0 and £7. HO gold English do., £8 and £11 ; English cost, £12 and £15. 200 ladles' gold watches, £310s. and £d 10s. ; English cost, £6 10s. and £010s. 250 silver hunting and opon-facod geneva watches, £115s. and £2 5s. ; English cost, £210s. an £3 Ha. N.B.-In order to guarantco tho watches, tho.tru« tecs havo engaged tho services of a vory experienced Matchmaker, who, having served most of his timo with " Dont," 01 Strand, London, will guarantco nil watehes purchased at this establishment for 12 months. - 400 gold guards, various patterns ISO gold alberts, various patterns 100 colonial gold chains, various patterns, selling for their value in gold f 000 pure colonial gold brooches, elegantly de- signed £40 puro colonial gold ladles' and gentlomon'-i rings, handsomely chased and engraved 1,000 puro colonial gold wedding rings and keepers Also, A very largo assortment of colonial gold earrings, bracelets, studs, slcovo buttons, lockets, watch-koy b, breast-pins, vest- buttons, buckles, charms, necklaces, pencils, &c; Also, A largo assortmont of diamond jowollory, all oficring far below tho original cost prico. Jot bracelets ut 2s. Gd. Opora-glasses, 7s. Od. 100 gold-mounted hair bracolots, 5s. Children's silver knlvos, forks, and spoons, 15s. Silver card-cases, cups, snuff-boxes, vinaigrottes, spectacles, vory cheap A 6rcat varioty of striking-clocks at 15s. and 25s. Silver and plated waro, consisting of tea sets, salvors, cruets, cake baskets, chandollors, candlesticks, &c;, spoons, forks, of every description and pattern, Boiling much bolow thoir valuo, stock being very largo. All claims against tho estato to bo sent in by tho 80th inst. By order of tho trustees. H. JONES, accountant, 74 ChancoryiJano Ñ SALE, by the undersigned, Brandy, hhds., U. V. Co.'s. Do., do., Bayer's Do, cases, PInot, Caslillon, and Co.'s Do., do., champagno Whisky, do., Scotch and Irish. Rum, hhds., W. I, Sherry, do., superior Martinez Candles, Nova Coffco, cases, ground Sugars, Mauritius, assorted Rice, lino Patna. HENRIQUES BROTHERS, 58 William-Btreot: O o N SALE, now landing, 100 hhds. Bass's alo 25 do MartcH's brandy 200 casks Byass's alo and porter £00 boxcB candles 25 hhds. Swan's rum 26 do low-proof do 1,000 wholo and half cases gonova, alm-treo brand Invoices of oilmen's stores. Feast's Do of Crosso and Blaokwoll'fl Involco of plated ware, Deykln's. KAUFMANN, M'CALLUM, and Co._ SALE, Just landing, ?Cheddar and Dun'op cheese, Clcland's fäinclalr's hains and bacon Bremner'» bacon, thin middles Do, butter, uno lot Crosse and Blackwcll's oilmen's stores Thln'a do. Keillor's jams and marmalado Do. mint lozenges and almonds Schooling's cryatalllsedjujubcs Taylor's cocoa and chocolate Colman's mustard, In tins and bottles Do. blue, and white starch Groy paper and paper-bags Baldwin s patent paper-bags Black pepper and nutmegs Patna rico, in 1-owt. bags Mauritius sugar U. V. brandy, in bulk and caso Marett's do, do Maro Araauld's do, in caso Campbcltown whisky, puro white Dawson's Linlithgow do Tliln's and Stewart's do, in caso. MILLER BROTHERS and Co., 0 Quoon-Btreet. THE undcrsignod havo on SALE, Bass's No. 8 ale. Port wlno, in hhds. and cases. Sherry wine, in hhds. and qr.-casks. Champngno, in 1-dozen cases. Old tom, in 1-dozen coses. Do , in hhds. and qr.-casks. Brandy, in hhds. and qr.-casks. Do., in 1-dozon coses. Whisky, in qr.-caaka and cases. W. I. rum. Thln's pickles, jams in tins and jars; fruits, and sauces. Cheddar chocso. Codfish, in boxos and half-boxes. Tobacco-pipes-Milo, yachting, courier, Parte, ¿to. Wheelbarrows. Neva stcarino candles. Twine, Europe rope Fumlturo. Earthenware. A largo assortmont of writing, printing, drawing, and wrapping papor. InvolcoB of stationery. Printing ink, black and colorod ; lithograph var- nish. Copying-presses, llthogrnph-prcseos, lithograph stones. Vortical cutting knifo for papor. To arrive East India palo ale, In 4-dozon casks. Lancowood shafts. Port wino, bulk and caso. Sherry, bulk. CALLENDER, CALDWELL, and Co., 83 King» street. T O LAND, ox Jessamine and Donald il'hoy, Hamilton's corrugated iron, 20 gaugo Crimean and Scotch twill shirts and collars Ladles' underclothing, boxed and drosseel Watcrtlghts, boots and shoes Invoice saddlery and whips, Swaine and Co'*. Ploughs, tobacco-pipes Guinncss's Dublin porter, in bulk Carson's XXX do, do Suarles Harris's port wino, in caso aomson's brandy aud old tom, lu bulk Bass's bottled ale, trado label Burton Brow cry, Porks's do. Square tooled and polished flags Scotch oatmeal and pearl barley Irish, Scotch, and Danish oats Coarse, (Ino, and rock salt Whlto and rod herrings North Wilts trucklo chccso Sinclair's hams and bacon Bigger's liama and bacon Coey's lianiB and bacon Allan's hams and bacon. CAMPBELL BROTHERS and Co., 03 Flindora street west. YULOANISED INDIARUBBER. - SAMUEL HOUSE and Co. offer for SALE, tho largest and tiostBSSortodstock of VULCANISED INDIARUBBER GOODS in tho Australlun coloides, viz. : 20,000 foot vulcanUcd indlarubber dolivory-hoso, ovory bízo, from i indi to 8 inches in di- ameter Suctlon-hOBO, from J inch to 2 Indies In diameter Sheet rubber, A quality, best manufactured, from 8-10 inch to -J Inch thick Vulcanised indiorubber bolting, from 1} inches wide, threo ply ; to 0 inches in width, nix Ply Purchasers of quantities dealt with liberally. 204 Ellznboth-atreot, Molbourno. -*TJ71LLIAM CROSBY and Co. havo for SALE, TY Byass's ale and portor (now label) Whisky, brandy (Mortcil's) Malt, hops Oats Pepper. Barcelona nuts, almonds Currants, starch Navy canvas, blocks, and shlpchandlory Woolpacks, corn-sacks, bran hags Boiled and raw linseed oil, turpentine Bootsand shoes. 2 Flludcrs-lano east, one door from Ellznboth-strcct. 1B0N TARD, 245 Elizabeth-street, next St, John s Church- ' Bar and rod iron, BBIÍ crown, monthly ship- ments Sheet and hoon iron, boiler plates Steel-cast, blister, shear, and spring Horse-nails, anvils, bellows, slodgo and haul hammors GalvaniBcd plain and corrugated iron Spouting, ridging, down-pipe, &o.; Wiro fencing, plain and galvanised Black and galvanised wiro notting, 1J to i t wide Axlo arms and boxes, axle blocks, "Carron boxes Sheet-lead, 4, 5, 0 lb. Sheet-zinc, 8, 0,10 lb. Lend piping Sheet and tilo copper IIorso-Ehoes-light, medium, and heavy Pig-iron, kentledge BRISCOE and Co., 11 Collins-street cast; WM. BRISCOE and SON, Wolvorhompton._ fr HE undoisignod aro now landing, X Ex Brierly Hill. 400 kegs patent nails, li to 0 Inch. S hhds. baths, pillar washstands, diBh-covors, and tin teapots. 2 cases elastic oak and copal varnish. Milnor's fireproof safes, from No. 3 to No. 7. Solar wicks and candle cotton. Galvanised Iron garden engines. 4 hhds. houso hollows, g to 15 inch. 1 caso Walker's poroUBSion caps. 40 casks shot, Nus. 1 to 10. 260 quartor-barrols Hall's extra largo-grala blast- ing powder, 2 hhds. Barsham's patent scrubbing-brushes, i 1 caso Harris's harness blackiug and polishing pasto. Boll and Black's wax vestas, in boxes of SOO and 1,000. 10 cases saloon matches. 4 bales bass brooms, 1 cask fishhooks. 8 bales fishing and masons' lines. 8 and 4 motion patent disc lover boor-machines. 4 cases foolscap and post copying-pressos. 5 bales butchers' baskets. 1 erato milk yokes. 10 packages Avory's wolghing-machlnes, 8 to 15 cwt. Ex Merchant Prince. 0 Nichols's patent mangles, on stands. 20 cases Tuppor's galvanised corrugatod iron, 5 to 8 feet. Ex Amazon. 1 cask ilro-dogs. 20 bundles bar over L hi circle blistered steol. 10 kegs French wire-nails. 8 bundles, each six and seven bar tubular field gates. 2 cases Willlams's butchers' knives and stools.' IS packages Ransomo'B horse-powers, with inter- mediate motion. 2 casks tinmen's soldor. 2 casks bar tin, 10 hhds. gluo. 1 do. hlacklead crucibles. ' 8 casos turkey-stone. ' 10 casks bluestone. , I 2 do T hinges. 2 do B. M. teapots and soup tureens. j 1 caso biscuit deckers. WALTER POWELL and Co., 7 Swanston-streot. w ESTGAE1H, ROSS, and SPOWERS havo on SALE, at their stores, 81 Markot-strcot, Bmiidy,llcmic8sy's,darkanilpalo,lnhhds,tiiid¿a¡>o Whiskey, M'Fni lnno's Bilont, 10 and 25 o.p. 1 Sherry, Burden's, in hhds., qr.-cko., Oct., and casos Do., Sandcman's, in hhds, qr.-casks Port, do., in do. do. Do., Graham's, in do. do. Claret, N. Johnston and Son's, in 1-dozen casos Champagne, in quarts and pints < Hock, Dcinhard and Jordan's, sparkling and still Moselle, do., sparkling Bitters, Leslio and Co.'s New York, in quarts, pints, and half-pints ¡ Confectiom-ry, Wotherspoon's and Gray's, assorted Jams, Wotlicrapoon's, in 1-lb. Jara Marmalado, WothoiBpoon s, in 1-lb. tins Fancy soap, solublo blvo, oilmen's stores Hams and bacon, oatmeal, pearl barley Mut, tard, Eva ns, Lcwls,and Co. 'n, in bulk and bottle Henings, carbonato soda, Scotch oata Linseed oil, in drums, sulphuric acid Cod-livor oil, hcnipsocd, alum, coiks China and eiiitlienwaro,assorte-d, Copoland'a Canvas, tarpaulin«, woolpacks, floor-cloth Corn-sacks, bran-bags, ore-hags, l-bushcl oat-ba-;j Table-cov crs,ilannels,imitation Welsh, elcctoral,.-co Cordage, assorted; beaming and roping twIno Boots and shoes, saddlery, assorted ' Glassware, plate-glass, brushwaro ' Stationery, brown paper, Bibl03, Church Ecrvici1» Tobncco-plres, vanoty ; oak boards, vonccra Flour-mill, hydraulic wnobprosa Printing-machine, bono-niills, sifters Sodawater-maeliines, driving apparatus Smut-machines, Orimcs's patent Cart BlcolyardB, wolghlng-bcams and spanners Steam-engines, 10 to 82 horse power Stcani-onglno boilers, funnels, steam and wator gauges I Horienalls, and countorsunk clout nails, Walker's Rivets and washers, coopers* rivets Patent axles, axle anns nnelblocks ' Chains, assorted, cattlo beds, &c.; Bedsteads, and electro-platoo waro Bar an.t lod Iron/BBH Staffordshire, and Stlt "Axo brand" Galvanised plain iron, tin-plates, fcnclng-wire^ , TO AnilIVK,- i Brandy, easo whisky, port, champagne Jeffroy's and Berwick's nlo ; table salt Vinegar, confectionary, tahlo Bait Bathbrloks, pipes, white and red load Patent driers, paints, putty, gluo, varnish Linseed oil, turpontlno, saeta, soda crystals Woolpacks, canvas, lleionng-boards, pavement Stcam-engmcB, pumping and winding gear Camp-ovens, bar mid rod ¡ron, wiro, rino i Morowood's and Tuppcr's corrugated irun._ A HINT toPAPBllHANGING-PUnCHASEllS and PARTIES REQUIRING HOUSE-DECORAT- ING.-Enormous saving guaranteed, 71 ejueon- stroot. Newest PAPERIIANG1NGS, commencing 4d., dlrojt from tho manufacturers. Expensive goods, gold hud flock, proportionately choap ; and most oxpodlttuus and experienced workmen at OARTER'S/Queon-streot AMERICAN CARRIAGES ox Isabella, JusthndeM Osborn, Cushlng, and Co., 41 Flinders-lane., ARSENIC on SALE, about 2 tons, in Jara. Charles Watson, 10 Flinders-lano west. BILLIARD-TABLES, acknowledged suporior to tho best English makers'. Alcock and Co., 132.ÍIU3 eoll-strcot. BILLIARD-TABLES, Balls, Cloths, Cuos, supor. .r assortmont, always on hand. Poser's, 100 Littlo Bourko-strcot cost. BAGATELLE and BILLIARD TABLES, Bl,', Cloths, Cues, ko., largo assortment. Posse's, 106 Littlo lionrko-strect east. BRASS and COPPER, in shoots ; Block Tin, Coppor Boilers, Buttons, Rivots, Tubing, Brass Tups, Sheet Lead, and Piping, &o.; Parties favoring.With orders will observo tho address is William Robison 138 Fllndcrs-stroot west. ? , BOILER FELT.-Landod and ready for dolivary 80 frames Croggon's patent non-conducting ih-y HAIR FELT, for boilers. Sam. llcuso and Co., 2U1 Elizabcth-Btrcct. ' CARRIAGES.-A largo and variod assortmont of English and American CARRIAGES and HAR- NESS. Oarrott's Carringo Galleries. -, - CARRIAGES. -PHAETONS, with hoods, - ¡lido glasses, &c;" from £65. Newest designs in Dogcarts equally cbonp. Secondhand Gigs, Dogcarts. Stovcn s n and Elliot, builders, King-street. | CHAMBER ORGAN for SALE. Biggs, organ- builder, high-street, Prahran, opposlte the Duke of York Hotel. C1HAIR-TOPS, Backs, Sofa-Scrolls, and Turned Worte J at reduced prices. Alcock and Co., 132 Russoll stroct. COALS. Coals. Coals.-Apport, Prydo, and Co. supply tho best family screened COALS, Fire- wood , cut 1 foot lengths lowest ratos. 100 -Flin- ders-street west. - i COALS, English, colonial, and smiths. Wharf,! or dollvorod at lowest ratos. Jas. L. and O. Burke,' 95 Wharf. piOAL, ox To CORKS, Blowers' Bungs, Coppor-Wiro, Tinfoil, Plain Capsules, Acids, Essonees. Thomas Oc clcston's, 8 Littlo Collins street east. CORKS (all kinds); Capsules, Tinfoil, Bottlinc; wax, Wiro, ko. Richd. Harvey, 30 Littlo Col 'ns-Btrcot cast. COMPULSORY SALE, hy order of tho trustoos, of all tho STOCK of D. Henry. CANDLES for SALE, Nevos. Baumor's, light weights ; Behnonts, Ogolby's, Brandon's, and other kinds. Kaufmann, M'Collum, and Co., 122 Col Uns-street._ EIGHTY TONS of SHEET LEAD, 3 to 7 lb. ; 25 tons Sheet Zinc, Nos. 0 mid 10. Cairon Yard. F1 FOR, SALE, ililleront sorts SPRING-CARTS and PONY-GIGS. Hanson's, Hoddlo and Johnston ftroets. Collingwood._, FOR SALE, wholesale grocers' or fruiterers' CARTS, also Spring-Carts, warranted. 00 Hanovor-streot, Collingwood. _ FOR BALE, cheap, magnificent REVOLVER, hy Dcano, Adams, and Deane. Case, &c;" complete. Kohler, 45 Fllndera-blrcet. F£ GUNNY BAGS on SALE, by Newell, Hoopoi, and _ Stevens, 28 King-stroet. HENRY'S STOCK, consisting of superior JEWEL- LERY and WATCHES, SELLING without rebcivc. INDIARUBBER HOSE-PIPE, all sizes. M'Kay, Dods, and Co., plumbers and gabOtters, Quecn M rett. LAW BROTHERS, CABINETMAKERS, ¡Up- holsterers, Bedstead and Bedding Worchousa men, Importers of English Furniture, &c;, 41 Lons dalc-strcct west, and l8 Collins-street cast. Law Brothers, in returning thanks to the nubile-' generally for tho liberal patronngo received during he last six years, now invite their attention to thoir largo and woll-assortcd STOCK, selected from tho first English makers, comprising drawingroom suites In rosewood and walnut, duiingroom ditto, In morocco and hair seating; Tolcscopo Dlning-tablcs, Sideboards, CblffonnicreB,Wardrobes, Chimnoy-glasses, marble-top Wobhstands, ditto Dressing-Tables, brass and iron Bedsteads, with every other roquisito for furnishing-, L. B. call particular attention to their , < Bedding Department, rrom their constant supply of curled hair they aro enabled to offer Double Mattresses at £810s. ; Fibre ditto, £110s. N. B,-Brown's Patent Portablo Furniture alw.vy mil MR. RICHARD PALING has juat received, e\ Sebastopol, a stock of NEW INSTRUMENTS, of various dcicriptlons, including a lull grand prlzc-mcdal Pianoforte by Erard, Collard's, Broad wood's, Alexandre's celebrated Harmoniums ; also, a choleo collection of Music. RICHARD J. PALING, agent for Erard, 20 and 2S Colllns-strect cast._ "VTOTlCE.pNotic'o. Notico.-E. Jones, Ironmongjr Jil (opposito the Post-ofHco), 20 Qertrude-stroi;, Collingwood, has on SALE, Christopher Johnson's superior Slicli" <dd table and pocket CUTLERY". Alsi the best quality and latest improved patterns nf Electro-plated and Britannia metal Tea and Coffee Pot8, Ac, Tablo and Dossort Spoons and Forks ; together with a largo assortmont of Furnishing an 1 General Ironmonger}'. Fino Colza Oil, Lamp Glasses and Cottons. Christopher Johnson, manufacturer of very supe- rior Tablo and Pockot Cutlery ; Flics, Saws, Carpen- ters' Tools, &c.; Coat-steol, Shcar-stcel, and Blistor Btcel, and fgenoral merchant, Western Works, Shef- field. All articles of Christopher Johnson's manufacturo aro marked C. (cross) J. (Johnson), Western Works. IANOFORTES (usual price £00). Must bo SOLD. No reasonable offer refused. Cross's, watch- maker, Bridgo-road, Richmond._j^-__ IG-IRON,~No. 1, Gartshcrrio, now landing, ox Echunga, on SALE, by Flower, M'Doiiald, and Co. _ QUICKSILVER.-QUIOKSILVERandBLASllNU POWDER on SALE. E. F. Sichel and Co., 20 Fllndcrs-lano west._ OSIN, ox Tropic, now landing, for SALE, by Novvoll, Hoopor, and Stevens, 28 King-streot. R SHEEPWASH TOBACCO, of BUporior quality, de- stroyed and in bond, for SALE, by Politz and Bobo, 03 Queon-streot. SHEEPWASH TOBACCO, manufactured Cavondlsh, tens, hnlf-pounda and pounds, on SALE, by Flowor, M'Donald, and Co. SPRING-CART, Pony, and Harness, very elio.ip, at Miller Brothors', Russcll-strcct. Any trial givop. S ODA-ASH, Tounent'a, on SALE. Falloiistoin and M'Kcchnoy, corner Bond and Flinders streets. (all sorts), Bliip» and etcamors, now. Printors' Ink Varnish, In tins ot 241bs. Apply at tho omeo of this piper._ ri ,0 NEWSPAPER PROPR1RTORS, Printers, mid X Others.-Messrs. COWAN and Co., I'Al'Elt MAKERS, aro prepared to outer into conciacts with newspaper proprietors, and to givo favorablo terms, through thoir agents, Callender, Caldwell, and Co., 33 King-street. _ TO NEWSPAPER PROPRIETORS, Printors, and Otlicra.-Messrs. A. B. FLEMING and Co. aro j i epared to oxecuto orders for their PRINTING INKS (which gained prizes at the Now York and Parla Ex- hibitions), through tholr agents, Callender, Caldwell, : nd Co., 83 Ivlng- stroct. Alargo stock of thoir pilli t ii g Ink always on hand at tho agenta'._ TO NEWSPAPER PROPRIETORS, Printers, and Others.-McEara. STEPHENSON, BLAKE, and Co., tv-pofoundors, aro proparcd to oxecute orders for all sorts of PRINTING MATERIAL, Typo, &o.;, through tholr agents. Callender, Caldwell, ai.d Co., S3 Klng-sticot._ MIO BREWERS, Wine Merchants, and Others.-For X SALE, two VATS, well seasoned, of oak, each vi ill contain OOOgalloiiB, fitted with taps, _e., for bottling. For address where to bo scon apply at Flett's cooporago, Fllndors-lane east, above Russell \- treot. . , TO BUTCHERS.-For SALE, 1SH ARNESS CASKS, for salting, containing 200 gallons each. Apply at Brewery, Bouverie-strcot, North Melbourne. TWO SPRING-CARTS, ono Butchers' Joint Care, for SALE. La Trobo-strcot cast, neir Olivo Branch Hotol. T iWO first-cliss HANSOM CABS for SALE. Apply Crutch and Bowlor, coachbuildors, Quocn-stroet. T HE TRADE is respectfully invited to aoloct portions of tho STOCK of Honry, Jeweller. THE WHOLE STOCK of WATCHES and JEWEL- LERY positively to bo SOLD at D. Henry'a. VICTORIA CARRIAGE WORKS, 178 Collins-street cost.-A largo and varied aolectlon of VEHICLES of all designa constantly on view. Imported vehieloi for Balo, ou commission. Carriages built to order from original designs. w ATCHES, Jowcllcry, Plato. 80 daya' SALE. D. Henry, Collins-stroet east. WANTED, a PURCHASER for 250 wine and spirit CASES. J. K. Lubocko, 80 Fitzroy strcot, Collingwood._ WHITE BOTTLING- WAX, Soft Soap, Alum, Sulphur, on SALE. Edward Whitby,2fl Flin clnrs-hvno cast! Monoy. ADVANCES.-Cohen and Marks, pawnbrokers, Russoll-stroet, opposito Exford Arms, LOWEST BATE of INTEREST in Molbourno. ADVANCES.-Cohen and Marks, pawnbrokers, Elizaboth-strcot, noxt Hookln's Hotel, LOWES l' KATE of INTEREST In Molbourno. ADVANCES made by Marka and Baniott, pawn- brokers, 197 Elizaboth-Btroct. Lowest rate of Interest in Molbourno. ADVANCES.-Various SUMS to £20,000 to bo LENT, at 8 per cont. immediately. J. Maeoboy, lollcltor. ADVANCES.-Ready, £20 to £6,000, depositing deed«, or mortgage. Monoy alsosafely invested. Interest liberal. Buchan's monoy-londlng offices, 67 Littlo Colllns-strect cost. BENJAMIN MARKS having dissolved partnership with tho lato firm ol Cohen and Marks, pawn- brokers, bega to infoim tho public that he has OPENED a PAWN-OFFICE at 107 Elizabeth-street, and Intends LENDING MONEY at a lower rato > interest than any other ofllco in Molbourno, and goods kept any length of timo by special agreement. CAN bo had without delay, MONEY, any sum, at current rates. Cattacli's loan-ofllco, Eastern Market. D ANIEL GRANT, 62 Qucon-Btroot.-£50 to £5,003 on froohold security, nt current rates. EDWARD KHULL 1b prepared to negoliato LOANS on froohold and othor securities, at current rates of Intoroat. EIGHT THOUSAND POUNDS ADVANCED on freehold proporty, at 8 per cent, Isaacs and ?Whitaker. K TiORTY THOUSAND POUNDS to LEND, small or JJ largo sums. Isaacs and Whitaker, 117 Elizaboth !ticot. HULL'S STOCK EXCHANGE.-STOCK and SHARES for SALE : \- Victoria Government's 6 per conts. 60 St. Kilda and Brighton Railway Company's 7 por conta. 11 Goolong and Molbourno Railway Company'a 0 per cents. SO Hobson's Bay Railway Company 60 Molbourno and Suburban Railway Company 10 Geelong and Melbourne Railway Company \- Union Bank of Australia \- Bank of Now South WbIob 40 Bank of Victoria 400 Colonial Bank 200 National Bank 16 Victoria Fire and Marino Insurance Company 100 Australasian Insurance Company 100 Colonial Insuranco Company 100 Molbourno Insurance Company 200 Victoria Lifo and General Insurance Company 71 Melbourne Gas and Coko Company 100 Ballaarat Gas Company 10 Kyneton Gas Company 100 Bendigo Gas Company 100 Bendigo WatorworitB Company 20 Second Victoria Building Socloty 100 Studley Park Bridge Company. 2,0001., 3,000?., and larger Bums, to lend on froo- hold property. EDWARD KHULL, stock and sharo broker, 00 Collins-Btrcct w est. LOANS, on freehold Boourities, NEGOTIATED with despatch, at current rates of interest, by Wm. Schultz, 85 Bourke-Btrect cast, noxt the Albion Hotel. MACKILLOP and COOKE, 31 Quoon-strcct, nro proparcd to ADVANCE MONEY, in largo or small amounts, for long or short periods, on freehold property, or on merchandise and furnituro intended for salo. MONEY to bo ADVANCED, In sumB of not los* than £600, at current rates of Interest, by the Victoria Flro and Marino Insuranco Company, 8; Colltns-streo cast. JOSEPH COLLIE, Secretary. MONEY.-LOANS on personal security, doposit of doods, promlssory-notcB, and guarantoca, obteníanlo at tho Molbourno Investment and Loan Fund Ofllco, 74 Chanccry-lano. MONEY LENT immediately on doods or othor se- curity. Hart and Waters, 05 Littlo Collins Streot cast. ONEY.-Various SUMS to bo ADVANCED Ini mcdiately. Apply to Mr. Atkyns, solicitor, 82 Chanceiy-Iano. MONEY ADVANCED on pomonal Bccurity, certifi- cates, or goods, on application to F. Spenco, SpaniBh Hotel, Ellzabcih-atroet. MONEY. Monoy. Money.-Ono autn of £400, two of £600, one of £760, threo sums of £1,00 > and Bovcral sums of from £1,600 to £5,000 to LEND at tho lowest rates ot Interest. R. O. Luscombe, IO Sw anstoa-htrect, MONEY. Money.-£10, £16, £20, £25, £30, £10 £60, and up to £200 to LEND, on deposit o' deeds. Borrowers are spared all vnxatlous charge v No charra for legal documents of any kind, and n> delay, li. 0. Luscombe, 80 Swanston-strcct. MONEY ADVANCED, Immediately, on doposit of deeds. Isaacs and Whitaker, 117 Elizabeth street. :> MONEY. - Isaacs and Whitaker aro prepared i-j make ADVANCES in SUMS from £100 t» ±20,000, under mortgage of freehold proporty, fj long or short periods, at current rates. For short I orlodB, upon deposit of deeds. All negotiation! carried out lu strict confidence and without delay. 117 Elizabeth-street, and Bridge-street, Sandridge. MONEY.-The undersigned having Deen appointe ¡ agent for aovoral largo and email capitalista, 1* proparcd to mako ADVANCES, In Bums from £60 to £8,000, under mortgage of freehold property, for Ion,; or short periods, at current rates. Also, for shoi I periods only, upon equitable deposit of titlo deeds, with or without registration, according to circuís-' ?lances. Ño delay ; and, in the latter cobo, no legal c1 arges. £10,000, lu separate sums, eau be lent upon mortgago of stock and stations, and all negotiations may bo carried out in strict confidence. If required, nid vi ith no unnoccsiary delay. Apply to W. Gar direr, estate «sent, CO Queen-street. OKEY.-LOANS GRANTED at current ntoi ",. ^..^ diipw.it uf deeds or mortgage. R. R. Rogew, Mcchanl-s' Institution-buildings,_ M MONEY. - ADVANCES ready on deposit o dci-dB, upon any description of Irceholc House or Lauded Property, tori.short or long periods, in sums vf 101., 20'., 802.40)., 502., 002., 701., b02., 1002., 200/,, 3001., 400Í., to 5002. Parties can bo accommodated v> !th cash this day, in any of tho above omountB. 6G0Î., 7002., 8002., 9002., 10002., to 5,0002.. and from that to 10,0002., on mortgage, without dolay. To tho borrower it offers unusunl advan nges, as the BtriLtc-t privacy may bo depended upon, thero being no oilier buBmcss, transacted at those offices. THOMPSON'S money offlcos, 56 and 63 Littlo Collins-streot east, neu City Police Court, Swanston street, "XTINE PER CENT. INTEREST allowed X1 MONEY deposited at my olBce. Old ¿opositora will roceive formcrratcs. Sums as low as £5 received.. Depositors can withdraw principal and interest) i demand. No notico required. R. C. Luscombe, Swonston-strcot. THE undersigned has MONEY for INVESTMENT on freehold securities. H. Solwyn Smith, 107 Col- lins-street west. THOMAS F. WRAY, stock and share brokor, haB on SALE, 50 Bondigo Gas shaics 400 National Bank shares 20 St. Kilda and Brighton Railway shares £0 Victoria Insurance Company's shores 100 Victoria Lifo and General Insuruucc &haro3; 100 Bendigo Waterworks shares 4 Geelong nnd Melbourno Railway ahorca - 400 Studley Pork Brldgo shores £2,000 Victoria Government Opor cent. Debentures, duo 1807. 63 Now Temple-court, Collins-street wcBt._ TWO THOUSAND POUNDS to LEND, in ono or moro sums. JonnlngB and Coote, solicitors, 83 Queon-strcot. _ T O LEND, £5,000, in sums of £100 nnd upwards. John Philp, 83 Littlo Collins-streot. _ WANTED, £700 on freohold city proporty, four or five years. T. C. Jerrems, Mechanics' Institu- tion-buildings. _ Publications and Literature. " A MASS OF COLONIAL INFORMATION." JL HANDBOOK TO AUSTRALASIA Descriptive Guide for uil Iho Colonies. W. FalriVc and Co. ___;___ OOKS nt ENGLISH PRICES.-Goorgo Robort son's Supplementary CATALOGUE now roady; gratis on application, or posted, Od._ BOOKS PURCHASED, or Exchanged. 10,000 vols, old and new, theological and miscollancoii'', con- stan tly on sale. Hw iglit, bookseller._. BOOKS at ENCLISII PRICES-George Nichols has just recthed a largo supply of NEW LOOKS, M hieb ero ofTcrcd at ENGLISH PRICES, Amongst which will bo lound : Momolis of James Wilson, of Woodville ; Mcro wcathor's Diary of a Clergyman in Australia; Haul look of Dining: Elie, or Littlo by Little ; Lioblg'S Letters on Modern Agriculture ; Mutiny of Bongil Al my; Dufferin'B Letters from High Latltudos; Wilson's Enrth, Sen, and Sky ; Guenrzzl's Beatrice Ccnel; JofTrev's Voices from Calvnry; Ko>o's Chris- tianity m India ; Memoirs of tho EmprctB Catherine; Year Book of Fads ; Hicpvcr's Things Worth Know ii g about lion cs ; Historical Reason Why ; and many new sorts cheap novols. GEORGE NICHOLS, book and stationery ware- house, 0 Collins-street-west. _^^ CHEAP EDITIONS. -WESTMINSTER ABBEY, Dumos'n Baatilo, Ainsworth's Ballads, Lifo of John Strggal. Nichols, Collins- Btrect west._ COMMERCIAL STATIONERY WAREHOUSE, cheapest houso in Melbourne. George Nichols, 0 Collins-streot west. _ ing, Agricultural, Monumental, and Decorativo WORKS. All tho hist now works on those subject* oro published by Atcliloy and Co., 108 Great Russell street, London. Now Lists of Works sont post-freo order. JUST PUBLISHED, a series or STATISrieJAL TABLES, showing tho IMPORTS and EXPORTS of FLOUR, Wheat, Oats, Rice, Barloy, Bran, Malt, Maizo, and Grain at Melbourne, Geelong, and tho other poitsof Victoua, including also the produce )£ tho colmo, and tho market prices at Melbournc'or the jeais 1855,1850,1857,186S, and part of 1869. By John Lee. In ono ï olumo, pneo 20s. Mcssri. SANDS and KENNY, Collins-streot wost ; or at Messrs. Mason and Firth's, 10 Ellzabetli-strccc south, Molbourno. 0P1M0Î.S OP TOB M.ES3. "The work berra internal evidence of having been carefully elaborated, mid suppllca precisely that kin I of valuable information which is frequently roqulrol by speculators, importers, and growers. It is woll arranged for tho purposes of immediate reference, and furnishes details «¡th reference to the courso of prloM in our local produce mnrkots which will provo ot trcmely useful to tho trade."-Borald. "It contains much matter of groat valuo for refo renco, and U compiled by Mr. John Leo, to whom tho commercial public havo been indebted for statistical works of a slmller kind, but on a smaller scale." Argus. _ _ MELBOURNE VOCALIST, containing English, Scotch, IrMi, colonial Songs, somo with music. Nichols, 0 Collins-street west, N OW READY, and may bo had of the undorslgncd, _ . MURRAY'S PRICES-CURRENT. Sands and Kenny, publishers, Collins strcot. UBLISHED this day, MURRAY'S MELBOURNE PRICES-CURRENT and SHIPPING LIST. Sands and Kenny, Collins-Btrcet. KOMANS FRANCAIS, par les mcillours auteur». H. T. Dwight, libraire, neal tho Parliament Houses. npHE VICTORIAN AGRICULTURAL and HOK X TIOULTURAL GAZETTE is published on tho list of each mouth. S. Mullen, 07 Collins-atrcot east rpHE EXAMINER and MELBOURNE. WEEKLY X NEWS, a Journal of Politics, Literature, Arts, and Social Progress, is published in Molbourno oi cry Saturday morning, and delivered at an oarly hour to subscribers in town and the suburbs. A special edition. Is issued every Friday afternoon In timo for tho country malls, and posted to tho ad- dress of subscribers, ns woll as forwarded for solo to tho various nowsagontB throughout the colony. The Subscription to tho EXAMINER (payable in advanco) is Six Shillings per quarter, delivered in town, or Seven Shillings ir sent by post. Tho quarters begin on the 1st of January, 1st April, 1st July, and Ibt October in each year. , Subscribers orderbig tho EXAMINER at any timo during the currency of a quarter oro charged only for Iho period for which thoy actually receive the paper. Tho EXAMINER is designed to Bupply tho want of a first-class Weekly Papor, long felt by largo classes of readers lu town, and by thors in tho country dis- tricts, whoso hands tho dally journals do not regularly reach. It is liberal in politici, whilst maintaining au entlro indepondonco of particB and political organisa- tions its intolligoneo, completo and accurate, and biought down to tho latest moment. A considerable spneo dovotod to original literary articles. Tho EXAMINER consists of Twenty Pages of our columns each, and is thus tho largest paper published lu the Australian colonies. Printed and published by George Dili,, Collins streot, Melbourno, to whom all advertisements and communications may be forwaidcd. nAT ARE WE DRIVING AT? A fow ro marks about gold. Just published. W. Fair1 fax and Co. Building Materials. , workmanship, from 03. to 8a (Id. per superficial j ard. Office-British Oil Company, 100 Swanston-, strcot. » , ASPHALTING, best that can bo laid, various prices. Milno and Co., 24 Collins-streot weit. MERIGAN, Baltic, Now Zealand, and Colonn» TIMBER, in baulk or sawn to ordor Oregon timber, in logs, 0 X 0 to 10 x l8, and 20 to 70 foot in length Planks, 2, 8, and 4 thick, 10 to 24 wido, 12 to 10 foot in length ¡ '_ . pino, 1 to 8. Sholving, 7-8 and 18-10. ' Tonguod and giooved white pino and spruco" flooring C x 1J x 1 x J and } Scotch flooring and lining Bluo gum timber, in log ; joists and quartering palinga Shingles and battons, 3 and 85 feet laths Roman and Portland cements, plastor-of-paris ; laths, 3, 3}, 4}, and 5 foots ; hair , Ash, oak, and hickory, woll seasoned Joiners'work, colonial and imported, or mado to.. ordor ; doors, 0 foot x 2 feet, to 7 feet x 8 feet; sashes, 8 x 10 to 22 x 12, with or without, frames, lines, and weights Architraves, 3 to 8, doublo and singlo ; skirtings, mouldings, staff-heads , Galvanisod con ugatcd iron, English and Scotch _ Zinc, galvanised and cast iron water-pipoB Runs, ogee and half round ; hoppers and toes Ridgo capping - 1 Woll-assortcd builders' Ironmongery. The wholo of our business has been removed to our now steam sawing, planing, and moulding mills, and timbor-ynids, Collin -street and Fllndors-lano, west of King-street. EDMUND WESTBY and Co._¿ EDAH BOARDS, from l8 to 64 inchoB wido, well seasoned. Alcock and Co., 132 Russoll-strcot. , TTiOOTSCBAY TIMBER-YAIID, Geelong-road, J} Footseiay.-POSTS, Rails, Palings, and Build ing Materials at Mclboumo prices. _, FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND -FEET Amcr*can. and Scotch FLOORING, 6 x i, J, 1, and 1}. Col-, Imgwood Saw-mills. - i FIFTY THOUSAND best Bangor SLATES, 20 x 10. C. and J. Smith, Collingwood Saw-mills, Albbrt nrcct._ FOR SALE, a largo quantity of all descriptions ( t BLUESTONE, of first quality, nt Brurswick, Mithin 60 yards of Sydnoy-road, and within .$ miles of Post-office. Apply to John Price, Edlnbur, U C'OBtlO. - ALVANISED IRON SPOUTING, HIdgo-cap, Piping, Bmckots, &c.; Alexander Ripplnglllo, wholesale manufacturer, No. 5 La Trobo-stroct. LIME. Limo. Lime. Best Heads lime, Roche and slacked. At lowest market prices. KENNA and HALL, Limo Wharf._ LIME, Goolong Roche, superior quality, carcfullv picked, landed dally. Dyer's Lune and Cemont StorcB, 7 Queen-8treet._ LIME, Limo, Limo, Heads and Geelong Rocha and Slacked, at lowest market prices. Dyer's, fucen-Btroot._. ON SALE, KAURIE SPARS and BEAMS, front 20, feet to 00 rcet long, BnHIc "parn, all sl¿cs. DONALDSON und Co,, Sandridge s "VJ OTICE to PLUMBERS, Ironmongers, Timber X1 Merchants, and Others.-GALVANISED IRONT and ZINC SPOUTING to any pattern ; Ridge-Cap, Piping, Heada, Shoes, Brackets, manufactured by .homas Warburton, 28 Littlo Bourkc- streot vvost, between Elizabeth and Queen streots, Melbourne. REQON DEALS, 12 x 3; Baltio and Amorlcan Timbor, cheap. Fitzgerald's Swan-Btrcet tlmber j ard, Richmond, and Wharf. LATES, bluo and pink, best Bangor countess, landing. Gregory's timber-yard, WUliam-streot, opposite Westorn Markot. LATES for SALE, about 3,000 best countess. P. Costello, Drummond-strcot. WO HUNDRED THOUSAND FEET broal CEDAR and clear PINE, all thicknesses. 0. and J. Smith, Collingwood Saw- mill»._^^^ O COAOHBUILDERS.-60,000 foot broad Kaur.o PINE at Collingwood Savv-mllls, Albert-streot. TO MERCHANTS, Architects, and Builders. Notico.-Tlio undorsignod having boon appointod. SOLE AGENTS in Molbourno by tho SEYSSEL, ASPHALTE COMPANY, beg to inform all persons i equiring such asphalte that it is Bupplled only by them, and through Milne and Co, 24 Collins-street weBt, and caution tho using of any worthless eo'n poBition of clay and gas-tar offered by othor parties a5» a totally useless substituto for tho samo, as the rock: asphalte alono can bo guaranteed to stand tlio tost for stores, cellars, platforms, stables, _c. PARKIN and WHARTON, 24 Colllns-strect woat T Public Notices. ART-UNION of GLASGOW.-Tho SUBS0R1P TION-LIST for tho prcsont yoar Is now OPEN". Early application Is desirable, as the ongravuigs will bo delivered in the order of subscription. Plato for 1850, "Punch," ongraved by H. Lemon, after Wobstor, R.A, James J. Blundell, 44 Collirts-streot v est. _ BASS'S ALE.-Information having boon given th vc. inferior ALE is REPACKED in tho colony, ana vended under tho cask brand of BASS and Co., a. rowaid of £100 is thus offered for the conviction or any person so offending. BASS, RATCLIFFE, and GRETTON, Burton-on Tront, by thoir attornoys, Dalgoty and Co. Melbourne, Juno 3,1850._^___^ COLONIAL INSURANCE COMPANY. - Polioy holders aro reminded that INSURANCES EXPIR- ING this month may bo RENEWED, on application at this ofllco, at the low est current rates of promlumw WILLIAM GREEN, Manager. No. 4 Colllns-stroot west._ CITY of MELBOURNE.-Notico la hereby glvo* that COMPLAINTS of NUISANCES oxlsting Ira any port of tho city will receive attention upon being reported to the pollco eonatablo on duty In tho loca- lity, or upon being entered in a book kept for tho purposo in tho olflco of the City Inspector, Town Hall, botweon the hours ol 0 o'elock a.m. and 4 p.m. daily. In tho event of any such complaint remaining un- attended to, ¡t l8 requested that tho circumstances al the caso may bo Intimated to tho Town Clerk, by letter. By order of the Right Worshipful tho Mayor, anüT of the HcalthlCommittco of tho City Council, O. G. FITZGIBBON, Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Ofllco, Town Hall, Molbourno, _March 1, I860._ - CITY of MELBOURNE.-Notico 1b hereby given, that tho COMPETITION DESIGNS for tho CITY ABATTOIRS aro now OPEN for tho INSPECTION.' of the publlo, at the Town Hall, Suauston-stroct, anel will continue on view until Monday, the 25th July instant. . By order of the Markot Committee of tho City Council. E. G. FITZGIBBON, Town Olerk. Town Hall, Molbourno, July 15, I860. CITY of MELBOURNE.-£5;Roward.-Somo evil disposed person or persons having maliciously torn up and destroyed a numbor of trees und shrubs recently planted In Carlton-gardens, notice Is hereby given", that tho sum of FIVE POUNDS will bo PAIL» to any poison giving such INFORMATION as will lend to the CONVICTION or the OFFENDER, or Offenders. By crder of the Right Worahlpful tho Mayor. E. G. FITZGIBBON, Town Clerk. Town Clerk's Ofilco, Town Hall, Mclbounio, _July IS, 1860._ DISSOLUTION of PARTNERSHIP.-All CLAIMS against the undersigned to bo RENDERED» prior to tho 81st lust. ; and outstanding accounts aro requested to bo settled. A. and N. HARRIS. 86 Elizabcth-strcot, July 11, 1S50. ISSOLUTIONofPARTNERSKIP.-NciticoiBhere by given, that the PARTNERSHIP BUSINESS. D N heretofore can led on by tho undersigned, under the» name and firm or MELROSE and TURNER, bakers, Lygon-strect, Melbourne, has this day boon DIS- SOLVED, by mutual consent. All parties having claims on tho said firm are re- quested to forward thoBamoIminediatc-lj to the under- signed James Melrose ; and thoso indebted aro re- quested to pay thoir accounts to him forthwith, to prevent further proceedings. JAMES MELROSE. JOHN TURNER., Jos. O. Stewart, witness. 62 Lygon-street, Molbourno, July 10,1850. Mesare. M. and T., In intimating tho above dissolu- tion of partnership, beg to inform tholr customer» that they havo disposed of tho abovo business to Messrs. Webster Brothers, of No. 14 Flindors-Iano west, whom they beg leave to recommend as thoir successors, and for whom they respectfully solicit a continuance of that support so liberally awarded to themselves for tho last five years. C2 Lygon-strect._ _ J GARDNER,-REMOVE your THINGS within. . Bovendays, or thoy will bo SOLD. _W. COULINU, Melbourne. JEFFERYS, SLATER, and Co.-AU CLAIMS against this estate oro requested to bo SENT IM to H. C. Piranl, 0 Queen- street, boforo tho-20tr» nstant, or thoy will not be recognised. JAMES O. MALLACH begs to givo notice that having PURCHASED tho BOOK DEBTS, and other Assets, of tho lato firm of Mallach, Clink, and Meiklo, the samo must now bo PAID to bim without, delay, at tho counting-house of Messrs. Cumming Brothors and Co., 20 Colllns-atreot east. OTICE.-In eonsoquonco of tho decoaso of our _.. late partner, Mr. Thomas Klngton, tho Busi- ness in London and Bristol ia now conducted undor the titlo of Miles Brothors and Co., and our BUSINESS in MELBOURNE and LYTTELTON, New Zealand, will from this dato bo conducted under tho TITLE ot MILES and Co. MILES, KINGTON, and Co. Melbourne, July 11,1850._ "VTOTICK-A BOX, with contents, bolonglnir to the J.1 Rock of Hopo Lodge, fjrraorlv hold at the Hit or Miss Hotel, Emerald Hill, has boen HANDED» over to tho GRAND SECRETARY of the G.U.O.O.F. by mo. P. M. ROSS. Elsternwick, July 14,1859._ . ?\rOTICE Is hereby given, that tho BUSINESS off J-1 HENRIQUES, BROTHER, and Co. will b» CARRIED ON, until further notice, undor tho same stylo as horotoforo, by Mr. ARTHUR Q. HEN- RIQUES. Tho firm consists of MoBsrs. D. Q. Honriques, J. Q. HenriqucB, and Arthur Q. Honriques, who aro con- nected in tho colony with tilla business only. 128 Lonsdale street west, July 6,1850. THE PARTNERSHIP hitherto oxlsting under the» firm Mau and Stoeplor has CEASED this day, by mutual consont. HERMANN STOEPLER. TYM. MAU. Mclbourno, July 4, 1860._' VICTORIA GOLD ESCORT COMPANY,-¿Noti(X> is hereby given, that a DIVIDEND of SA per .Bharo is NOW PAYABLE. Application to bo mode, to Lesley A. Moody, office of Ciller Inspector oi Distil- leries, Immigration Office, King-Btrect. ICTORIA aOLD-MINING COMPANY.-PRO SPECTUSand FORMS of APPLICATION for SHARES can bo OBTAINED at 28 Wllllam-stroot, op- posite St. James'B Cathedral. RICHARD SCHLESINGKR, Agent. Wines, Spirits, <_e. BURTON BREWERY COMPANY'S AUSTRA- LIAN No. 1 ALE.-Parcels of abovo celebrated. ALE (surpassing in quality their former ship-lentsy now landing, and for SALE by tho undersigned. THOMAS S. MARTIN and Co., agents. B ULK PORTER, ex Orwell, 60 hhdB., on SALE Charles Watson, 10 Fiiudcrs-lano west. f\ ENEVA, Palm Treo Brand.-The undcrslgnedir iJT appointod AGENTS hy tho United Malt Wine» Proprietors' Company, Schiedam, for the sala their superior manufacturo, and aro in receipt monthly shipments. KAUFMANN, M'OALLUM, and Co., 122 OolUns strcot. (? ' JOULE'S STONE ALE.-Tlio undersigned are ap- pointed AGENTS in Victoria fo- ttiia celebrated ALE, and aro in receipt of regular shipments. BRIGHT BROTHERS anel Co. MARETT'S BRANDIES.-Tho undersigned aro appointed AGENTS for Messrs, Arbouin Ma- rett and Co., Cognac, and aro in regular receipt ot their celebrated brandies, in bulk and bottle BRIGHT BROTHERS and Co. M ARTEL L'S BRANDY Rum, from 10 to 80 o.p. Whisky, old tom, geneva _ _ " Port and shorry, m buhVand bottle Claret Bass's ale, No. 8 ; Marxian's ale Truman'B stout, Byasa's ale and portel Brandy in cases, various brands, of Bu;orlor quality, and lowest market pricoa , . : liqueurs, &c.;, -- - On SALE, by A. E. ALEXANDER, Bond-street, Flinders-lane. ON SALE, by undersigned, Demorara RUM, Re- nault's coso Brandy, Byass's bottled Ale. Ed- mund WcBtby and Co PETERSON'S ORANGE AND GINGER WINE on SALE. N.B.-Spirits and alo rectified. 174 Lonsdale-Btrect. .~n_7 INES.-Very fine old PORT and SHERRY TV direct from Oporto and Cadiz, In quarter-casks,, on SALE, by Bright Brothers and Co. ~\\\i HJSKY, Jameson's and Mooball'«, - In quarter» It casks aud casca, now lauding. Thomas Martin and Co. WORTHINGTON and ROBINSON'S No. 8 ALE. -Tho undersigned have just landed ex Q. Marshall, and StaaUraad Van Ewyck, 200 hbdfl.-ol the» above brand (new brew). Robinson and Co., No. Elizabeth-street. ?»? -TirrORTHINGTON and ROBINSON'S INDIA. Y V PALE ALE,-The undersigned havo jusi re- ceived from the brewery, Burton- on-Trcnt, 000 canee of "the above favorite bottled ALE. Robinson and Co.» No. 4 "lh-fcoth-street. 