PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuable Town and Suburban Properties. To Capitalists, Builders, Private Families, and 4" r Others. I ATT EASEY and Co. have received nature | W J tions to SELL by AUCTION, on an ear ' six of which due notice will be given, The following valuable properties ¡ - All that piece or parcel of land, situate in N Melbourne, having a frontage of 66 feet to Provost-street, by depth of 68 feet; together with the I cottage erected thereon. Lot 2. All that piece or parcel of land, being portion of allotment No 16, of section 82, Collingwood, and having a frontage of 24 foot to George-street, by a depth of 98 feet. All that piece or parcel of land, in the parish of Doutta Galla, county of Bourke, and being portion of allotments, of section No. I, and having a frontage of 100 feet to Flemington-street, by a depth of about 140 feet. Upon this land of "cBPlUUy-bulIt family cottage, with garden. Title unexceptionable. Full particulars in future advertisement. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. At the Stores of Mr. Bancroft, Flinders-lane east. Oats, Oats, Oats, Salvage from the late Fire In Bond-street. Slightly damaged by water. To Contractors, LIvory-stable-Keopers, and Others. W EASBY and Co, have received instruct . tions to SELL by AUCTION, at the stores of Mr. Bancroft, Flinders s lane east, on an early day, of which notice will be given, A quantity of Danish oats, salvage from the late fire in Bond-street. Slight stained by water, and sold for the benefit whom it may concern Terms and full particular, in future advertisement THIS DAY. " 16 Cases Valuable Books, By Best Authors. To Booksellers, Private Gentlemen, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO s TION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Saturday, March 6, at eleven o'clock, 16 cases valuable and choice books, comprising, amongst others equally desirable Byron, Boord, Gibbon, Macaulay, Alison, Warren, Dickens, Thackeray, Carlyle, Hume and Smollett's History, May's Parliamentary Practice, Hutton's Mathematics. Illustrated London News, 20 vols. Gezottoors, &c.; Bax or's Works, Gilfillan, Kitto, HaydoeVs Douay Bible, family prayers, Bibles, and a very large variety of most of the leading works of the day. Terms eia. No Reserve. MONDAY, MARCH 7. 1,300 Bags Mauritius Dates. 1,000 Cocoa Flats. To Fruiterers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUG 6, TION, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, e of Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, 1,800 bags Mauritius dates 1,000 cocoanuts. Terms at Sale MONDAY, MARCH 7. 21 Crates Earthenware. To Crockery Dealers and Others. WE SEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, Ex Princess Royal, 21 crates crockery ware, comprising Breakfast cups and saucers plates and dishes jugs, in sets Metal-covered Jugs Chambers and chamber sets Bowls, etc, dVo. No reserve. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, MARCH 7. 1,000 Bags Mauritius Sugars. To Close Accounts, To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, 1,000 bags Mauritius sugars, comprising counter.) and rations. To be sold to close accounts Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. At 11 o'clock. Important and Extensive Sale of 140 Cases and Casks of Grindery, c, expressly imported for the Trade in this Colony. To Leathersellers, Boot and Shoe Makers, Ironmongers, and Others, W. EASEY and Co. are instructed by the a Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street west, on Tuesday, March 8, at 11 o'clock, The following valuable Invoice of grindery, c, : R in diamond, ; 8-1 case, containing 6 dozen 2 oz. fine apparent hemp, and 1 oz. No. 16 yellow flax 9-1 case containing 60 dozen 2 oz. brown hemp, 0, host shoe thread D, fined 2 D patent hemp, 1 oz. No. 0 patent D flax, and 5 gross 45 orange closing fUx 124 owe containing 60 dozen 2 oz. and 4 oz. No. 18 white patent and best handsome hemp j: 11-1 case, containing 102 di zen 2oz. brown hemp, O 1-lb. pack thread, into. fine living, sharpening strops and Auiirl Mr rubbers 16-1 case, containing 170 gross middle best hard herbalist, white polishing balls, extra large yellow wax balls, 38-lb. stout and extra stout harness hairs, size-sticks, boat-hook, purposes, players, files, wheels, breakers, She. 10-1 case, containing ABBOI ted shoe and other knives;, pogglng-hafts, yellow twist, leather laces, glass paper, we. 17-1 case, containing Assorted double-edged boot webbing, laid corn, sewing twine an skins 18-1 case, containing 38 dozen brown hemp, best nhvpening-strops, peg rasps and cutlery 19-1 case, containing 00 gross assorted awl and pegging handles 20-1 case, containing 70 pairs shoe and harness claims 21-1 case, containing SOOgrns sewing, French steel pegging, closing, Stabling, and other awls 22-2 case, containing CO dozen assorted shoe pincers, nippers, rates as. 23-1 case, containing 27 dozen placers, hammers, grazing? irons, boot wheels with slides, float, forepart pump, waist, and jigger iron 24-1 case, containing Series never lacks, brass middle and French bill), bulls bred', military springs, ice. 25, 212 cases, containing Polished grooved wheels, square tin-plates 27-1 COBO, containing Best shoe thread, D. 50-50-8 c Full s half-inch extra strong cut bills 37-38-2 do so Inch, extra do do 30-46-7 do J Inch, do do 40-00-27 lie by mail, 7-inch Inch, i inch, J Judy, 6 inch, j inch strong cut bills 70-70-7 do 5-10 inch, 3 inch, g Inch Inch Inch middle cut bills 77-78-2 do j and military cut sprigs. 70-1 cask, containing 300 M li, 2,2 j lb. moulded holes 80, Blaze casks, containing 000 M li, 2, 2 lb. clasp, (moulded, and patent wrought holes, Uno countersunk and other tip nails CfeSj £33 a2 886 casks assorted shoe rubbers 6 .87-SD-¿u\,::.RmlIand S and L fall aU wide 'J5i_uicn')i block lasts RUB 28 do men's and youths' fashionable London block lasts 2 do boot trees, 9 pieces, 0 foot and screws 88 DG- 8 cat a women's, boys'', and men's fashion- able London-made black lasts B7 08 cadia sorts of plain boot troop, 6 and 9 pieces, Wellington blocking fronts £0-1 cask fashionable block hints and bookstores 100-110-20 firkins yellow resin 120-130- 20 do best was pitch 11Q-1C0-12 casks {, J, J, and J Inch best shoe pegs. ; The auct cuers beg to call the attention of the trade to the above sale of goods, which are of a superior make and quality, and have been expressly selected for the wants of this market. The whole of the packages are landed, and can be delivered immediately after the sale. Terms Liberal, declared at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6. At Two. of o'clock. By Order of the Mortgagee. 131 Acres 2 Roods and 88 PerchesolGood Agricultural Land. being Government Allotment 6 of Section N, Parish of Gisborne, I Adjacent to the Farm of J. Levick, cod the Property of W. J.T. Clarke, Esq. i 'lo Farmcre,Capitalists,Sottlors,Contractors,Carriers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received in of structions from the mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns- street, on Wednesday, March 6, at twelve o'clock, The following valuable property being all that piece or parcel of land containing by admeasurement | 181 acres 2 roods and 38 perches, be the same more or less, situated in the county of Bourke, parish of! Gisborne, Allotment 8 of section N, bounded on the north by part allotment 41, of section 6, bearing east 20 chains EBllnkB, on the east by a road one chain wide, bearing south 44 chains 12 links on the south by a road one chain 60 links wide, bearing went 29 chains 83 links, and on the west by allotment 7, bearing north 43 chains 5 links. ' This fine agricultural land is about two miles front, the National Hotel, Gisborne. Ii fenced with a leg fence ; has frontages to two Government roads, is opposite to a Government reserve, and is adjacent to the farm of J. Lovick, and the property of W. J. T. Clarke, Esq. Distance from Melbourne 80 miles, the land being about four miles on this side of Gisborne, off the Mount Alexander road. Nearly the entire way up is a capital metal road within a short distance of this property. Josephs pass to and from Melbourne two or three times a day, and the railway is not far off. The auctioneers partie fairly Invite the attention of , Jgrlculturljts, capitalists, settlers, and contractors to ! 25 years no land being of the richest soil and in a fifth-rate situation. _ Title uuexoîptton able. terms One half the, residue by bills at three and IUSUJU due, Imnug Oink, into Mt, MONDAY, MARCH 7. 260 Bags Coarse Bait. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, ? Ex Princess Royal, > 260 bags coarse salt. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, MARCH 7. Surplus Ship's Stores, &c.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO e TION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, Surplus ship's stores, consisting of Roof, pork, rice, flour, peas, cornmeal, flin, molasses, limejuice, apples,, raisins, suet, bread, &c.; No reserve. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, MARCH 7. 60 half-barrels Fine Salmon. 100 Bags Californian White Beans. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUO e TION, at their mart, 83 Colllns-street west, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, £0 half-barrels Californian salmon 100 bags white beans. Tfivmi nt nrtlA. MONDAY, MARCH 7. 25 Bales Fine Kent Hops. To growers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, 33 Collins-street west, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, 26 bales Uno Kent hops. in good order. Terms at Sale MONDAY, MARCH 7. "" 45 Bags Java Rice. To Grocers and Others. VEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUC" TION, at their mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, 46 bags Java rice. No reserve. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, MARCH 7. 800 Bags Irish Black Oats. To Contractors and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, 83 Collins-street west, on Monday, March 7, at eleven o'clock, £00 bags Irish black cats. Terms at Sale. _ " WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6. At Eleven o'clock. To Merchants, Wine and Spirit Merchants, Store- keepers, Publicans, and Others. I Sherries. Sherries. i Ex Solido, I Direct from Cadiz, W. EASEY and Co. have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, JJ such 0, at eleven o'clock, The following fine Colony's sherries : Double diamond, VP conjoined under, 8 hhds. COBonB'o fine sherry 76 quarter- casks do. Double grape, P under, 1 hhd. Oosons's fine sherry 15 quarter-casks do do. j Double diamond, P under, i 1 hhd. Cosonn's fine sherry 12 quarter-casks do do. Treble diamond, YP conjoined under, 1 hutt Cosens'a fine sherry I 1 hhd. do do j 24eiuartor-caaksdo do. Treble grape, P under, 1 had Oosens's fine sherry 12 quarter-casks do do. Quadruple diamond, YP conjoined under, 8 hhds. Oosons's fine sherry 20 quarter-casks do do. O S, V P conjoined under, 1 butt Oosons's fine sherry 1 hhd. dodo 12 quarter-casks do do. Anchor, VP conjoined under, 6 quarter-casks Coson'H fine sherry, Also, Ex Result, NO hhds. West India rum, 30 o.n. COO casus key brand geneva £0 hhds. Taylor's porter. Ex Avon, £00 cases, each 1 dozen, Hennessy's brandy. In calling attention to the above sale, the auctioneers would observe the above small parcel of shares is the only lot of this choice wine remaining in the market, and as the sherries are particularly fine, purchasers will find it to their advantage to avail themselves of this opportunity of purchasing, Terms, liberal, declared at sale. Samples can be soon of the wines and spirits prior to the sale. THURSDAY, MARCH 10. Preliminary Notice Extensive and Unreserved Sale of Morewood's Gilvi placed Iron, Tin Plates, Hollowwaro, Patent Nails, Sewing Twine, Horsoshoes, Paints, Cutlery Tinned Sheets, Iudlarubber Belting, Nails, Japanned Ware, &c.; "ART EASEY and Co. have received instruc W' J tions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, March 10, at eleven o'clock, An extensive sale as above, full particulars of which will appear in Monday's papers. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, MARCH 11. At Twelve o'clock. Richmond. Richmond. Desirable Family Residence, containing Seven Rooms, Two-stall Stable, Gighouse, 53,, Situate In Swan-street. Richmond, Between the Punt-road and Cremorne-street, and near the station of the Suburban Railway. To Private Families, Gentlemen, Capitalists, and Others desirous of obtaining a first-rate residence or investment. W EASEY and Co. have received lucerne 3 tons from the owner to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, March li, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, having a frontage of 100 feet to Swan-street, by a depth of 200 foot with another frontage of 60 feet to McNeil-street. On this land is erected a comfortable seven-room residence, with cellarage underneath, two-stall stable, tjtghOUBU, &c.; 1 'The above is In thorough repairs, and lot to a respectable tenant at £100 per annum. The property is situate in the best part of Swan street, near the railway station, and lies between the Punt-road and Cremorne-street, and has a double frontage, one to Swan-street, and the other to M'Nau street. To parties in quest of a comfortable residence or a good investment, the auctioneers can recommend above property as certain to increase in value In can . sequoia i of the convenience of railway accommodation and other advantages. Title unexceptionable. Terms-One-third cash; residue Sybilla at three, six, nine, and 12 months' date, bearing bank interest. FRIDAY, MARCH 11. At Twelve o'clock. Richmond. Richmond. CIOEO to the Punt-road, and Opposite in Richmond Barracks. First-class Building Sites, Situate in Rowena-parade and Rotherwood-street. To meliora, Tradeston, Private Parties, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. have received In structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 (Collins-street west, on Friday, March 11, at twelve o'clock, the following valuable building sites : lots 12 3, 4, as per plan, each having a frontal to Rotherwood-street of 88 foot, by a depth of 100 feet, with right-of-way in rear of 20 foot wide. Lot 6, as per plan, being corner allotments, having a frontage of 83 feet to Rotherwood-street, by a f depth, or another frontage, of 100 feet to Kowenv p trade. Lots 6, 7, 8, and 0 as per plan, each having a frontage of 28 feet 6 inches, by a depth of 142 foot, with right of way in road 20 foot wide. In calling attention to the above sale, the auctioneers would solicit parties to go and view the allotments, they being the best that have for some time been Offered n this Important locality. The ss are close to the Richmond and Punt roads, nmloppoallo the Richmond Barracks, and all admirably adapted for the erection of private houses and shops. lTo lar d stands high, and had many natural advantages in its favor and to all parties this sale post its an excellent opportunity of! investing or procuring First-rate Building Allotments; _ the plan of subdivision will be marked on the ground, and plans of the same can be obtained from auctioneers. Title undeniable Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale \- FRIDAY, MARCH 11. At Twelve o'clock. Brighton. Brighton. Valuable Building Sites in Bay-street, Brighton, near the Devonshire Arms, And the Residences of Captain Cole, Thomas Clarke, Esq., and Others; and close to The Railway Terminus, the Bay, race. To Capitalists, Private Families, Builders,' and Others. YET EASEY and Co. have received instead VY tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Friday, March 11, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage of 281 feet to Bay-street, by a depth of 842 foot, and I situate at Brighton. 1 This beautiful piece of land will be subdivided into lots suitable for building sites. All that piece or parcel of land, having a frontage to a road off the Brighton main road (and In roar of the above lots, of 438 feet 0 by a depth varying from 110 feet to 160 feet. The above will be divided into lots as per plan. All that piece or parcel of land, having a frontage at 464 foot to a road leading from r,"' extra-' s., the Brighton-road, by a depth of 270 leak This portion of land will to subdivided into lots to suit purchasers. The above properties are beautifully situated, and adjoin the house lately in the occupation of - Selwyn, Esq. Its petition for residences cannot be surpassed In Brighton, whilst its proximity to the Brighton Railway must insure a rapid and certain rise in its value. It is close to the Bay, and within a few minutes' walk of the favorite bathing-place at Brighton. The spot In retired, and in a respectable neighborhood, being surrounded by the residences of Captain Cole, Thos. Chuko, O. Williams, Esqrs. and others. v . omnibuses pass to and from the Devonshire (corner of Bay-street) half-hourly. Full particular! in a future advertise Title unexceptionable. Plans of the subdivisions of the property will be ready in a few days, and can be obtained from overseers THIS DAY. H HORNER will SELL by AUCTION, at c his rooms, Brunswick-street, Collingwood, on (saturday, March 4, at two o'clock, A quantity of books Ladies' knitting-owes and workboxes, Seo. Household furniture. Also, A number of immigrants' boxes. Without Reserve. -1-. THIS DAY. H HORNER has received instructions s to SALE by AUCTION (on account of the owner returning to England), on the premises, La Trobe-street east, two doors from Police Barracks, on Saturday, March 6, at eleven o'clock, The whole of the household furniture, consisting of Horsehair and morocco sofas, looking and chimney glasses, Iron bedsteads, mattresses, Baltimore chain, carpets, dressing-table, dining-table, 4 washstand, are, Without Reserve. MONDAY, MARCH 7. 1 36 Head of Baron Colts and Fuller. EDWARD ROW and Co. are instructed by Mr. Gorman to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards, Bourke-street, on Monday, March 7, 26 head of strong upstanding colts and fillies, by Clyde and other celebrated Bros, suitable for cart and omnibus work, in fine condition. FRIDAY, MARCH 11. To Farmers, Dairymen, and Others, Sale of Horses, Dairy Cows, Hay, Oats, and Wheat, At the Woolshed. Tel 807 and Co. are instructed by Jury Messrs. H. 0. Gillies and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their farm, at the Woolshed, 3 miles from the Rocky Waterholes, on Friday, March 11, at twelve o'clock, 3 draught mares, with foals and yearlings 2 do horses (I saddle horses, broken-in 80 head mixed dairy cattle 1 stack of 20 tons new hay, of the best quality A considerable quantity of oats and wheat Winnowing machine ploughs. And, sundry other farming Implements. MONDAY, MARCH 7. Valuable Freehold Property in Little Lonsdale-street, near Queen-street. BOHDLTZ and ATOHISON have been favored with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, No. 87 Little Lonsdale street west, near the residence of J. T. Smith, Esq, M.L.A., on Monday, March 7, at twelve o'clock, A four-roomed I brick cottage, having a frontage to Little Lonsdale-street of 28 feet 4 in by a depth of slimes 84 feet. Present rental, 30s. per week. At the rear of the above there is erected a two roomed weatherboard cottage occupied by the owner, which would let at 16s. per week. This opportunity ought not to be lost sight of by those on the look-out for a snug property, as the situation is everything that can be desired, Further particulars from D. Solution, Esq., solicitor, Swanston-street ; or from the auctioneers. No Reserve. Terms Cash. TUESDAY, MARCH 3. Geelong. Geelong, At One o'clock. To Farmers, Capitalists, Speculators, Hotelkeepers, and Others. Important Sale of Suburban, Country, and Town Lands, In and near Geelong, At the Produce Sale Rooms, 01 Great Myers-street west. T W. JOHNSTON and Co. are favored with ex . Instructions from the trustees In the estate of the late John Cumming, Bell,, Esq., to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at the Produce Sis Rooms, 61 Great Myers-street west, on Tuesday, March 8, at one o'clock. The whole of that invaluable and improved property known as Cumming's Farm, situate in the parish of Moolap, on the Queens cliff-road. The lots are subdivided by fences, some of which are within, and some arc lamp lately beyond, the old Corporation boundary. Lot 1. 160 acres, portion 4 of block li, at present oceanic 1 by Mr. Joseph Glory, at an annual rent of 801. until April 8, 1801. Lot 2. 38 acres 1 rood, portion 11 of bloc':: 1, and on this lot stands The Moolap Hotel. a first-rate two-storied brick building, containing; nine rooms, collar, outside kitchen, stables, c, at present occupied by Mrs. Priest ; but immediate possession can be given, To an enterprising party, this hotel, being so near town, and situation the great thoroughfare to Queenscliffe, offers singular advantages for rapidly returning to the purchaser A Munificent Fortune Lot 2, 180 acres 1 rood 30 perches, is used as a grazing paddock. It has a frontage to the Queenscliffe road, and has upon it A Large Waterhole. Lot 4, 184 acres 8 roods 17 perches, has a frontage to the Connewarre Swamp. This is a very superior lot, the land is very rich and productive ; there is no v a quantity of manure upon it and the whole has been brought under cultivation. Lot, 170 acres 2 reeds, has a frontage to the Queenscliff]. road ; about 60 acres of this lot have been grubbed, and the wood, now on the ground, is cut into lengths, and, besides a large water-hole, those areas upon this valuable lot A snug two-roomed cottage Lot 6, Hitchin 8 roods 9 perches, has a frontage to the Connewarre Swamp. This is a most invaluable lot, parallel with lot 4; there is a elasticity r" manure on the ground, and the whole is in a Perfect state of cultivation. Lot 7. 182 acres 32 perches. On this lot is the homestead, having overseer's house, men's huts, stables, barn, &c;, and the greater portion of this lot is under cultivation. This is truly A most valuable compact property. Lot 3, 160 acres 30 perches, baaaftontagoof half-a-million the Qucen'cllflo-road. Too firewood alone upon this lot greatly enhance its value, and It of admirably adapted as A grazing paddock, Lots. Town Properties. Allotment I of section 12, corner of Malop and Swanston streets, having 182 feet frontage to Malop-street, and 165 feet frontage to Swanston street. This valuable corner in eligibly situated for A family residence, boardinghouse, or family hotel. Lot 19, Allotment 2 of section 12, adjoining the above, having a frontage to Malop-street of (a foot, by a. depth of 380 feet to Little Malop-street, to which, latter street there is a like frontage of 60 feet. Ohia gracious allotment, having frontages to two important streets, could be readily subdivide! ViUi very advantageous results to the purchaser, Or It is peculiarly adapted for extensive ware. bOUSCB. Titles to the whole Crown grants. Torms-Ono.thirrt Cash; residue, by bills, at six, 12, and 18 months', bearing 8 percent, per annum interest. to, 3!. The auctioneers have much pleasure in submitting their preparation, of such no'.tuowlodgad worth, to the public generally; they would merely state that the country and suburban lands are of the most choice quality, with an ample supply of wood and water; their close proximity to town (about 10 n Inutes' ride) must be a convincing proof that this flu o estate can never depreciate, but must necessarily enhance in value, and that in a very short time it will only be the millionaire who can at all compete for such a domain, Purchasers of land, so" will do well to abide this Bale and secure for themselves st property so promising, and which must rapidly return a princely fortune SATURDAY APRIL 2. At Twelve o'clock. Splendid Squatting Property. KAYE and BUTCHART have received positive instructions from the executors of the ham A. R. Cruikshank, Esq., and also from H. Monro, streets) SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the above date (If not previously disposed of by private con tract) at their rooms, 66 Bourke- street west, Mel ' Their valuable stations, known as Loxlugton and r- Rose, In the Wimmera district, together sew or Ílil¿7 ... ' son's m AP'" and M? w.260 picked ewes, to use- . -game spoilt 6,000 wethers, rising four, six;, auction. at . 10,000 workers 400 rams 2,860 dry OWOJ, aged. e Total, 86,000. 1,000 head of well-bred cattle ' ] 10 horses tests 640 acres of purchased land. These stations join, and the area of both comprises upwards of 128,0 acres. The country is all of a light sandy nature, well grassed, full of herbs, and consequently best adapted as a sheep-walk. The run is remarkably well watered, and its grazing capabilities are set down by the present proprietors at from 60,000 to 00,000 sheep, or, taking as a basis only half the proportion of sheep per ago allowed by Government as remission of assessment for steak depastured on purchased land, It may be estimated to feed 02,000 sheep The sheep are highly bred, and for size of carcass and quantity and quality of wool are not tabs sur passed in the colony. t* The Improvements are well known to be on/e sure. rior route. There is a large and commodious, brick in a sion, kitchen, and store, stable, and other bodies garden and orchard of 0 acres, drafting-yards, wool tariff, overseer's IIOUBO, men's but, c, There have been numerous purchases made by,,. the Isis .'.? "hinted to fnctltt^o tile w ->-. rather attract the sUtWM . "116, nearly 10,000. has been laid out During that time. A good house is in the course of erection at Li BOBO, the materials or which have been brought from Geelong. There are six paddocks, one containing 2,000 acres, partly fenced in. Two teams of working-bullocks, dray, Jto , given in. There is also a large quantity of hay, the produce of about 60 acres of land, which the purchaser has the option of taking at a valuation. Terms-One-fourth cash; the remainder at 12, 24, and 36 months', with interest added at 8 per cent, per annum, secured on the stock: and station. A further extention of credit may be 11 ranged for. i Stores and furniture to be paid for either by valua- tion or at Melbourne em i tut rates, with carriage added, Au^llowjinco, of 10s. a head will be made for all sheep short of the number advertised, and 31, 10s. (or cattle, and the same i star will be charged for all river. UJ\J¡ 5oUs'-ï%nnii!4-àS!}i,i'i»£ team of six. THIS DAY. Clearing out Sale. To Furniture Dealers, Parties Furnishing, and Others. BEAUCHAMP will SELL by AUG a TION, on his premises, 24 Lonsdale-street east, opposite the Catholic Chapel, on Saturday, March 6, at eleven o'clock, Baltimore wood chairs Washington do do Cane-seated rockers, various patterns Oak office chairs Wood do do Children's chairs, In variety Extension and office table 0 Brown's patent chairs Phar glasses, 30 x 40 Do, 40 x 60 Iron bedsteads, &c.; Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Upholsterers' Trimmings. To Furniture Dealers. H, BEAUCHAMP will SELL by AUCTION, ¿ on his premises, 24 Lonsdale-street east, on Saturday, March 5, at eleven o'clock, 20 gross silk game, assorted colors 100 do covered leather buttons, do 60 do chair was £0 dozen springs 6 pieces printed canvas, for first covering. Terms at Sale '. THIS DAY. Sale of Allotment of Land in Hodgson's Punt-road, Abbotsford, East Collingwood. J BELLIN has been instructed to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Saturday, March. 6, at four o'clock, A valuable allotment of land, having 83 feet front, age to the street leading to Hodgson's Punt, by depth of 173 feet, more or loss. This land is situate near Johnston-street Bridge, and is well worth the attention of parties seeking a choice freehold. J. Bellin, auctioneer and money-broker, 67 Ger trude-street, Col logwood MONDAY, MARCH 7. Thoroughbred Stock. Important to Breeders, Racing Men and Others, By Instructions of the Breeder. Kirk's Horse Bazaar. J HENDERSON has been instructed by Mr. James McGill, of New South Wales, the breeder, to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, on Monday, March 7, at twelve o'clock, The following blood stock, Bay stallion Hopping Joe, seven years old, by Ethor (Imported), dam Lunati, by Gratis (imported) out of a Whisker mare, by Steeltrap (do) Bay filly Vanquish, two years, by Waverley (imported), the sire of Veno and a host of winners, out of Hopping Joo's dam, The above are just landed per Governor-General, are in fine health and condition, and will be very valuable on account of the very superior blood. TAWSLEY ESTATE, Near Woodstock. J HENDERSON has received in 1 o etructlonkfrom W. Kirby, Esq., who is about to proceed to Europe, to SELL by AUCTION, on an early day, The splendid estate of Fawsley, near Woodstock, about 18 miles from Melbourne, consisting of about 1,680 acres of fine arable and agricultural land. Any further particulars may be obtained, and plan of the property room, at the office of the auctioneer' back e Bazaar Bourke-street west THIS DAY. Iron House. at the risk of the former purchaser, Mr. Joseph Sovelle. J LONG will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, a on the premises, Mollison-street, off Charles street, East Collingwood, on Saturday, March 6, at ten o'clock prompt, Iron house. sold at the risk: of Mr. J. Savelle. No reserve. Terms Cash MONDAY, MARCH 7. Building Materials, Shop Fittings, Iron Tank, Furniture, are. J. LONG is instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, Little Collins street, adjoining Burllngamo's coal- yard, corner of Russell-street, on Monday, March 7, at twelve o'clock prompt, A quantity of building materials, shop fittings, c-, oomprlBlng Quartering, hardwood do, planking, cedar counter, cashes, iron tank, water-cask?, boxes, iron stretcher, dressing- table, So. Also, Cask of coal-tar and red paint. Without Reserve. ~~ TUESDAY, MARCH 8. Horses. Horses. Horses. lir W. TREACY will SELL by AUCTION, Y 7 'm at his yards, 69 Bourke-street west, other day, March 8, at eleven o'clock, 80 horses, consisting of three and four year old colts and fillies, the produce of a heavy draught stallion. Alto, A few brood mares and yearlings. They are direct from the hands of the breeder, and all of one brand. , No Reserve MONDAY, MARCH 7. 10/ Colts and Fillies. To COUCH Proprietors, Buyers for India, and Others. DOUGHARTY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their yards (late Bear and Son's), on Monday, March 7, 10/ coln and fillies, three to five years old, adapted forBaddleand harness, got by the best English j coaching stallion, from the stud of-Hebden, Esq., of Maneroo. No Reserves TUESDAY, MARCH 8. Fancy Goods. Preliminary Notice JB. HOUGHTON and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, March 8, at twelve o'clock. An extensive assortment of papier mache goods and Chinese fancy ware, consisting of Trays, tables, portfolios, letter cases, handsomest, chess and draught boards, Se. Further particulars in Monday's advertisement. On view day prior to Sale. MONDAY, MARCH 7. To Capitalists, Speculators, Merchants, and Others. To be Sold on Monday, March 7, by Order of the Mortgagee. The whole of that Splendid Property known as Temple-chambers. Leased to Mr. W. M. Brown. WO. SMITH is honored with instruc a tions from the mortgagee to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, in the Commercial Sales Room, Sturt-street, on Monday, March 7, The whole of that magnificent, property adjoining Bath's Hotel, known as Temple-chambers, being all that piece or parcel of land situate in Lydiard-street, Ballaarat, being part of allotment No. 6 of section No. 1, and having 36 feet Frontage to Lydiard-street, by a depth of 100 feet, on which is erected a Two-story brick and stone building. Also, A Store behind. The buildings cover the entire area of the ground, under loasouatan Annual Rent of £000 sterling. On the ground floor is a Commodious Shop, With handsome double front windows. The shop is elegantly fitted with counter, shelving, so. On one side is an entrance to suite of offices occupied by barrister, and on the other side is the entrance from the street to Temple-chambers, on the first floor, containing Eleven Offices. The entire property is without doubt one of the most valuable on Ballaarat, being in the most central and commanding position procurable in our rapidly increasing town. The above is an opportunity rarely to be met with, and parties desirous of securing an Invaluable Site on Ballaarat West would do well to attend the Polo. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. W. C Smith, auctioneer, land and estate agent. Colonial Land Office, Sturt- street, Ballaarat. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. Prahran. I T PHILP has been instructed by the mort of who 18 nl50n' *" Iflav0 ESQ colony" to SELL b7*P'UBLtO AUCTION, on "0 ground,' on Tuesday, March 8, at one o'clock, Without reserve, All that piece of land, situate at the Corner of Nelson and - streets, Prahran, having? a frontage of 100 foot to Nelson- street, by 68 feet to a fleet is" a two roomed cottage erected thereon. * Title unexceptionable. For terms and full particulars apply to the auctioneer, 83 Little Collins street. Mark No Reserve MONDAY, MARCH 14. "I Great and Important Land Bale. d MACGREGOR has been honored with Co instructions to SELL by PUBLIC COMPETITION, at the Royal Archer Hotel, on Monday, March 14, and the following days, ,,__."_.. . Its properties connected with the following Insolvent estates :- ?"" Bo Joseph Dobson of ReJ C, Mathieson , Bo J. Lysaght Bo Thistlowalght u Re Peter Briggs -And part of the property in the estate of feel. I Bateman, jun and Co. i Those) lands comprised town, suburban, and country lots * MONDAY MARCH 11. ~ Important Sale. Warrnambool. SAMUEL MACGREGOR has received in- a structions from George Webster, Esq, Official Asslgnee in the Insolvent Estate of James Cast of Warrnambool, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Royal Archer Hotel, on Monday, March 14, Tho whole of the valuable properties belonging to the Insolvent's estate, comprising £0 allotments in and near Warrnambool, a great many of which are beautifully situated, commanding a splendid view of the Bay and the Southern Ocean. Also, A large number of comfortable and commodious dwellinghouses, well situated, and shops in the most business parts of Warrnambool. ' Xornu declared st gain. TUESDAY, MARCH 8. To Parties Furnishing. PR ZOHRAB will SELL by AUCTION, at J the premises, Punt-road, Richmond, adjoining? thcTÎÎapiar Hotel, on Tuesday, March 8, at once elect prompt, A quantity of excellent household furniture, comprising Handsome mahogany couch, chairs, loo and dining tables, drawers, mirrors, not, wish stands, lion bedsteads, framed engravings, 1 plated ware, American cooking stove, bull, I cutlery, glass, dinner and breakfast service!, cooking utensils, fowling piece, and the usual ' requisites of a family residence. Terms cash. No Reserve,_^^^^ TUESDAY, MARCH 8. ' At Twelve o'clock. At Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street west. I WARREN GODDARD, United States Built Clipper. To the Merchants, Importers, Shipowners, and Others ] Generally Engaged In the China, East India, ? West Coast, California, . Mauritius, Or Intercolonial Trades. HA. COFFEY has been favored with a instructions from Messrs. Lord and Co., on account of Captain Bull's departure for home, to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, Collins street west, on Tuesday, March 8, at twelve o'clock, 'The celebrated clipper brigantine WARREN GODDARD, 218 American, 180 English, tons register ; 800 tons burthen J built at Eastport, U.S A., in the year 1853, of oak, beech, and kookmatask ; well fastened and I thoroughly strengthened with heavy growth knees and stringers. She was placed in Messrs. Dove and Oswald's floating dock In September last, and there under one a co u pit-to overhaul of hull, masts, &c.;, and was sheaths 1 with Muntz's metal, of 18, 20, and 22 oz,, under In- spection. Her carrying and sailing qualities are not equalled, certainly not surpassed, by any vessel engaged in the intercolonial trade. She, this voyage, landed on the Melbourne Wharf, 1\ without lightering, 1 807 Tons Adelaide Cargo, without damage to a package, and has on several occasions made a complete voyage, including detention. in, port, within 16 days. She shifts and stands without ballast, and cm go to sea with 80 ton". The cabin is on deck, Well fitted up with a view to comfort of passengers, and will accommodate eight In addition to the master and officers. Hor Inventory is complete in every respect, and include] double suit of sails, anchors, chains, patent windlass, two bouts, c, all of the best material and in excellent order. In asking attention to the sale of the Warren Qoi dard, the auctioneer feels justified in stating that he has never yet had an opportunity of submitting to the public a vessel so thoroughly well adapted to the intercolonial trade, Or one that would be likely to make so large a return for the outlay, her working expenses not exceeding those of a vessel of 160 ton, whilst her earnings will be more than double Terms and particulars In a future advertisement. STAble Companies, AUSTRALASIAN FIRE AND LEE ENTER. ANCE COMPANY. Head Office : Hall of Commerce, Melbourne. Chairman : i J. G. Francis, Esq. Vice-Chairman : ' Hon. Alexander Fraser, M.L.C. Directors : Hon. Joe. Stewart, M.L 0, Edward Cohen, Esq., JP. W. C, Dickson, Esq. W. H. Cropper, Esq. W. H. Tuckett, Esq. BRANCH. D. 9 Campbell, Esq., the L.A. Robert Roe, Esq., J.P. It. Langlands, Eeq.,M.L.A. 2 L. Montefiore Esq., J.P. Thomas Loader, Esq. GEELONG Market-square, . Agents. Ball Garage Wilson Brothers. Castlemaine Collyns and Co. Sandhurst Philip Kennedy. Maryborough-J. Levy and Co. 1 Beechworth-G, W. Henderson. 1 Portland-Thomas Must. i Warrnambool-Edward AtSlnton. ! WILLIAM MACREDIE, Secretary. 0 Ii O NEAL INSURANCE OOBfAflï Empowered by Act of Parliament. Subscribed Capitel-£200,005, Paid-up Capital £40,000. Reserve Fund £18,88. Liability Unlimited. Head Office, No. 4 Golll_-atreet]ii - Directors : William Clarke, Chairman. ; John Carson, Vice-Chairman. 1 Peter Davis. . Theophilus Lightfoot! j George Lewis. 1 George Houston, a Auditors I Peter Davis. ? Henry Creswick. ' Solicitor: WlnSold Attenterons Secretary : Charles James Lucas. The advantages offered by this Company are had the whole of the shares (40,000) are in the hands of a local proprietary, whose liability being unlimited renders the security offered second to none other, either English or local. According to the practice initiated by the local offices, policies are cancelled and premiums returned (on interest ceasing )for every recommenced mouth after the two Drat. Insurances effected at the lowest current rates of premium. Losses paid immediately on adjustment of claim. No charge made for surveys. McWILLIAM asSEN. Manager THE LIVERPOOL AND LONDON FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE! COMPANY. 1 Subscribed Capital, £1,884,220. Paid-up Capital and Accumulated Funds, £1,033,0004 ! Unlimited Liability of the Entire Body Shareholders. No Reference Homo Required, Losses Paid in Melbourne and Geelong. s Directors in Melbourne. The Hon. Sir James F. Palmer, President of Legislative Council, Chairman. The Hon. James Henty, M.L.C. The non. Francis Murphy, Speaker of the Logs lative Assembly. The Hon. John V. F, Leslie Foster, the Hon. James M'Culloch. Solicitor Edward Klingender, Esq]. The Directors take this opportunity of announcing that the Fire premiums received by the whole Company in 1857 were £289,251 Their Uro losses in 1867.. .... 165,210 And that the Life premiums In 1867 wore - .. £110,293 Life losses in 1857 .... - 48,616 Among ta received for annuities in 1867 £28,903 Sums paid to annuitants in 1857 .. 18,498 "ret the remove CITY and AOonMO-Tin rest Invited to meet the engagements of the Company exceed ONE MILLION STERLING. one-half of which, or £600,000, is reserved entirely r fire liabilities. For, the purpose, not only of meeting their cottage. mounts with the Colonial insurers, but also with the view of securing to the Company the confidence of thocüoniíts as being an Institution which has dental. fled fell with the interests of the colony, the Directors have, of the funds of the Company, INVESTED IN NEW SOUTH WALES AND VICTORIA, £180,000. Fire Department. the company issues policies on property and goods subject to the reduced rates of premium. First-class mercantile buildings, 8s. per cent. First-class private dwellings. 6s. per cent. 12 n oaths" mercantile policies will he cancelled on interest ceasing, and a return of premium made for every recommenced month after the first two. Losses paid from commencement of business, £1,000,000. LOMOS are paid in the colony promptly. 1 Life Department. ' T tfo policies are issued with all the advantages of a mutual company, combined with the stability to be derived from r 4 influential proprietary. \- VOR SIMMS ABBTJlUKOH OP £100?' Fay front Age. | Payment Age, a Farmer's £. s. d. 8 8 i S 19 8 BATHS FOR £100, wire GÍTAIUSTIIHD Bowra. Age. Payment.] Age. Payment. Age. Paym' 1 is a #..<». 8 17 6 .W7 2880 t. s. d. 1 £ s. d. 1 2 3 10 1 35 2 16 5 1 2 5 5 AD 1865 60 office for intfl"n,"II»'<' 8- can WrtA J T. Iho bonus being paid part". «ePeÄuVpÄnud He : H w7ubaÄeaÄUtekenont"WyeW.of.g9( In 10 years to LOCO 8s. 6d. In20yoanitol,271f.6s. - In80yearstol,6«i.xo». Jr. If the life dies between any or takes "a.., ., half . ^^»tthe^oV&rpMt;: from, any of the branoneiL-vi;.. ir^i!?.^?»^ Seafaring persons by profesalon^sWDteä Z6»Ul»d. As ^astr^Ä^m.«.»,.. Xouespald in the colony promptly. in Piraeus BOY. F FIDELITY GUARANTEE and LIFE PASS RANGE. Australian Branch of the I People's Provident Assurance Society. Chief Office, Melbourne, 99 Collins-street west. , - Directors, Edward Bell, Esq. D. S. Campbell, Esq., M.L.A. Jas. G. Francis, Esq. W. T. Mollison, Esq., M.L.A. i Fras. A. Walsh, Esq. Secretary for Australia Michael O'Grady, of melbourne. Guarantee Policies for fidelity in situations of trust are Issued upon very favorably i terms and if a Ufa asiuranoobeolfeotod at the same time, the payment for guarantee is considerably reduced. Life assurance policies at European rates. From the liberal and popular character of its constitution, and the sphere of extended operations which he society enjoys in Europe and the colonies, as. surers are afforded facilities and advantages not gene rally available in societies of the kind, and not sure passed in any. Policies are promptly issued, and all claims are payable in Australia. Application? from persons desirous of noting AS agents or medical referees, may be addressed to MICHAEL O'GRADY. Secretary. Australian Branch Office, 102 Collins-street west, Melbourne. LONDON and ORIENTAL STEAM TRANSIT INSURANCE OFFICE. The undersigned is authorised to ISSUE POLICIES of INSURANCE on gold-dust, specie, and goods, by first-class steamers to India, China, the Mauritius, or homewards by overland route, at current local rates'. Policies may, In case of loss, be made payable, either in Melbourne or at the port of destination at the option of the assured. W. H. HAWKES, Agent. 44 Elizabeth-street. 1,8 MELBOURNE BRANCH HOBART TOWN AN 11 LEVI.. LAUNCESTON. MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY. Established 1835. Head Office stone Buildings, Hobart Town. Directors : Askin Morrison. I Thomas Giblin. Wm, Crosby. I John Foster Henry Hopkins. Thomas MacDowell, Manager. Michael Evans, Accountant. Agents : Melbourne Downing, Griffith, and Co. Joseph LuKey, Surveyor. Agent at Launceston James Peter. Agents at Adelaide-7. J. Beck and Co. Agents at Geelong Swanston, Willis, and Stephen, Agents In London Fenwick, La Roche, and Co,, EO St. Mary-at-Hill. This Company having made arrangements for the symons in London of claims for loss or average on l policies effected by them In England, are now prepared to issue policies payable in London ; or the same if required, granted in triplicate. sOrTING, GRIFFITH, and Co., Agents, Queen. street. RA MELBOURNE BRANCH TASMANIAN FIRE L. J. INSURANCE COMPANY. Established 1835. Head Office-Stone-buildings, Hobart Town, Directors: Henry Hopkins The Hon. Thomas Y. The Hon. J. Walker, Lowes, M.L.O. M.L.O. I William Crosby. Henry Miller I i Manager Thomas Macdowell. Agents at Melbourne DOWNING, GRIFFITH, and Co.. Queen-street; (P'BOSPEOTUS A I Of the WILLIAMSTOWN GAS AND COKE COMPANY. Capital, £12,000, In 2,400 Shares of £5 each. Provisional Directors. Thomas Hunt, Esq., Chairman. Then. Mason, Esq., J. P., I C. J. Perry. Esq , MLA Councillor W. H Litchfield, Esq. Geo. Barrell, Esq. j Andrew Rider, Esq. Henry Taverner, Esq. I William Carder, Esq. William Bull, Esq. I J. K Freyer, Esq. Jas. Moxham, Esq., Mount William Probert, Esq. cllKr Lieut. Payne, R.N., J.P, J line! Conroy, Esq, Joseph Dalgarno, Esq. John Courtis, Esq. | I Bankers; El The Back of Australasia, Williamstown. Solicitor. S. B, Vaughan, Esq , Eldon-chambers, Melbourne. Consulting Engineer. William Elsdon, Esq , Melbourne, Secretary. Thos. Grubbe, Esq, Williamstown, Temporary Offices. C7 Nelson-parade, Williamstown. f\otulthBtandlng:tho great improvement in the s lease of gas-lighting, which has enabled it to super cede all other modes and whilst several towns of far less importance in the colony have established gas works, or are about to do so, Williamstown in this respect still remains unprovided for, although there is no place in the colony whereas would prove of greater advantage. The connection of the municipality and the port with Melbourne and the interior, by means of that portion of the great trunk railway which is already com- pleted, renders the introduction of gas to this town, immediately necessary, and as the railway progresses the necessity will also increase. Tile vast importance of the measure being in all respects undoubted, and the promotors of the com- play having obtained all the necessary Information r quest for carrying out so desirable an undertaking, for justified in stating that It will be as remunerative a?) Hid shareholders as it will be beneficial to the in -habitants of the municipality. 'The company is formed to provide a good light at a cheap rate, to accomplish which the general course of proceeding proposed corresponds in all Its miles of nature with that at present adopted by the most e jcccSEful companies in England. 3 r addition to the gas that would he required to supply places of public worship, railways, patent slips, and workshops connected therewith, wharves, public buildings, hotels, shops, and street-lamps, a large quantity will assuredly be required for dwelling houses and as it is for culinary purposes far superior to other events, especially in this hot climate, the increase in consumption will undoubtedly be oon Baora bro It has been carefully estimated that the maximum price at which the gas can be supplied will be 161. for 1,000 cubic feet, and that at this price it will yield a highly remunerative profit to the shareholders, and render an adequate advantage to the public. Application has been made to Government for the grant of a also on the shores of the Bay, for the purposes of the Company and as similar grants have been bestowed on other companies, it is believed no difficulty will be experienced in obtaining the site sought for in the present instance. It is intended that soon as the necessary number of shares are allotted, application shall be made to Parliament for an Act of Incorporation, limiting the 1 ability of the shareholders, Applications for Shares will be required to be accompanied by a deposit of 2s. per share, 18s per share to be paid on allotment, and the remainder to be paid in four equal instalments of £1 each, at intervals of not less than two months, of which calls due notice will be given. Application for shares to be made to Messrs. Weir, Clarke and Sons, Elizabeth- street, Melbourne; Mr. Edward Khull, Collins-street, Melbourne; and to Messrs. White, Dickson, and Co., Melbourne; or to the Secretary, Thomas Crabbe, Esq, 57 Nelson parade, Williamstown. Form of Application for Shares. To the Directors of the Williamstown Gas and Coke Company. Gentleman's request you to allot me shares in the Williamstown Gas and Coke Company, for which I enclose, in terms of the prospectus, I , being the deposit, at 2s. per share, on shares and I hereby undertake to pay all calls on the above number of shares, or on any less number which may be allotted to me, and to execute the subscribers' agreement, or deed of regulation, when called on to do so. Name in full Residence Profession or occupation states' THE MELBOURNE PERMANENT FREEHOLD LAND and BUILDING SOCIETY, 81 Collins-street east. and van con made to members, repayable by Monthly Instalments. Town and Country Lands Purchased for Members; Interest Paid to Investers. W. SCHULTZ, Secretary. UNITY FIRE and LIFE INSURANCE ABSO _ CIATIONS, of London. Capital, £2,600,000. DICKSON, WILLIAMS, and Co., agents, 02 WIFe ram-street. VICTORIA FIRE AND HABITS ABLE AMOS ! COMPANY. I , ^ta'bllBhedl^; Esnpowereil ,>y AoV M lü0 tot;UuatlV0 Council \- Capital, £1,000,000, J S _eadOiüce^OoIUn».streete_t. John Brown, Esq. John Dinwoodie. B" - Jess A °,i!clt0"-J. B. Bennet!. Esq. Coolon- waits for receiving Proposals. Warm-- ., O. M. Smith, Portland, G. G. Oranah. Barrabool, T. Denny. Belfast, L. Trew. Castle -sine, H. Christopher. Sandhurst, W. Garnett, I Ballaarat, W. (,. Smith. Maryborough, 3.0. Hooper. I Dunolly, A. Farquhar. Beechworth, W. Witt, I Collingwood, J. Bellin. Prahran, J. B. Crews. 8t. J Kilda, H. Wilkinson. Carlton, J. Plummer. Wil | Claretown, J. Courtis. Hawthorne, R. F. Kennedy, Brighton, O. S. Whitney. Ararat, D. Tallerman. I -Ch p Land. P. H. McArdell. Kilmore. J. Ryan, J fû Alex. Learmouth. Agent Marine Department. R, Scaife, Hall of Commerce. JOSEPH OOEeUK, Secretary. iriCTOKIA INSURANCE COMPANY Parties V insured In this Company against fire whose POLICIES expire on this quarter, are respectfully in- is termed that the same CAN BE RENEWED on appll- j afloat the office, at the current reduced rates of i " OMCPH OOLUg, secretary. Wines, Spirits, Do. j ALE, Bass's No. 3 Burton, now landing, on SALE. ¡ Joshua Brothers, Willis-street ALE, in balk.w-Tcnnent's doublo-strong ALE, 0! , -the new brow, on SALE,, by Dennistoun Bro. ' there and Co. of ALE, In bulk. Jeffrey's Uno Edinburgh ALK, of the now brew, on SALE, by Dennistoun Bro- I then and Co BLOOD'S XXX DUBLIN STORY A constant supply of quarts and pints of the above well known brand or Dublin STOUT, received by Smith, Strachan, and Co., of WUlitw-tUwi. ' B ABB and Co.'s No. 3 ALE, new brew. IS. Lang; and Co., 81 Collins-Street west. BASS'S No. SALE, of the new brew, to arrive, on; SALE, by Dennistoun Brothers and Co. EDINBURGH ALE R. Youoger's celebrates strong bulk ALE on SALE. Fisher, Ricards and Co , Collins-street west THEATRES BRAND-The undersigned have for . ceived a shipment of above case BRANDY. Edmund Westby and Co. IND, COOPE, and Co.'s, BURTON ALE, No. 85 The undersigned have in stock, and are in regular receipt of shipments of this favorite ALE, which after increasing demand bids fair to place on a par with the first brands. I Shipments of IND, COOPE, and Co.'s BOTTLED ALE now (landing. This is a new article, and, from quality and getting up, likely to gain favor in this market. ASVX. WILSON, NEPHEW, and Co SHERRY. Just landed, ex Emma, single, double,' and quadruple diamond SHERRIES. EdmUDiif; Westby and Co S" ~HSSrtRY, ex Solide.-Dosons' superior SHERRIES' j direct from Cadiz. Parbury, Lamb, and Co., 4. Collins street west._ WHISKY. James Mackenzie and Co.'s High. land small still WHISKY, a quite clear; sample, on SALE Dennistoun Brothers "Mido y f ' - ' a \ ;. sank mottoes. ECONOMIC BANK of MELBOURNE.-. PROSPECTUsEs may be had and commune tion made, at 69 Temple court. NATIONAL BANK of AUSTRALASIA, February XI 10,1850 -A BRANCH of this BANK will be OPENED on the 1st March, at BALLAARAT, under the management of Mr. Malcolm Horloon. } OSMOND H. GILLES, Manager. F" PROVIDENT INSTITUTE OF VICTORIA and DEPOSIT BANK, Established 1835. Head Office Queen-street, Melbourne. Branch Agencies. view Point, Sandhurst ; Barker it not, Castlemaine ; High- street, Maryborough ; Dana-street, Ballaarat; Moorabool-street, Geelong); Colac, Beechworth, Dunolly, &c.; i Deposit Department. Deposits are received and payments made daily during the usual banking hours, withdrawals of upwards of 1002. at a time requiring one week's notes. Interest is reckoned half-yearly viz, on the sails. Junee and 31st December, and is payable in 10 days afterwards, on all amounts they have then been stand Isz at credit of depositors for one or more complete months, iuteroBtfortho month being calculated on all amounts that are deposited the first day of oats, mouth. Deposits may begin with 1?. and upwards, has smallest amount receiving its just proportion of, interest. Loan Department. Kfmey in sums of 100. and upwards is loaned Ott' freehold property in town or country. Persons having land on which they wish to erect, houses can have advances as the buildings progress. 1 Those persons who are not depositors are invited to examine the prospectus of this bank, whereby liberal! Interest is given, the security being freeholds of ample value also important accommodation to borrowers. Forms for opening accounts, and full particulars plans on application. i JOHN PORTER, Managing Director. w" i " of public OonoyasooB. TeLL and DEAKIN'S PEOPLE'S LIKE of JO COACHES and ROI AL MAILS from Melbourne every) Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 11 a.m., arriving at Kyneton at 6 p.m., from thence next. morning g at 0, arriving at Sandhurst at 12. Tram Sandhurst to Heathcote every Tuesday? Thursday, and Saturday, returning Monday, Wed nculky, Mid Friday. From Sandhurst to Swan Hill every Friday, last turning on Monday, Fares reduced as follows I To Kyneton .. u £100 , Castlemaine .. ALSO JJ of Sandhurst 1 15 0 * ' Sandhurst to Heathcote 100 , ! Do. to Swan Hill. 6 4 0 0 Way-fares In proportion. , Booking Offices. Glasgow Arms, Elizabeth-street, Melbourne 28 Gertrude-street, Collingwood ; Temperance Hotel, Kyneton ; Cumberland Hotel, Castlemaine ; Abbot's Hotel. Sandhurst; and Bill and Deakin's, Market-square, Sandhurst. CROSS and Co.'s TELEGRAPH LINE or HAY J COACHES Reduced Fares On and after Monday (the 14th Instant, this line of coaches to Castlemaine Sandhurst, Maryborough, &c.;, will connect with the Melbourne and Mount Alexander Railway, at the Diggers' Rest Station. Passengers booked by this line of coaches will leave the Melbourne Terminus by the 6.15 a.m., 8.45 a.m., and 5.45 pm. trains. Returning will leave Castlemaine at 6 a.m., arriving at Melbourne at about 2.30 p.m. 0 a.m. do. do. do. 380 pm. 0 p.m. do, do. do. 8 a.m. FARES 6 No Castlemaine 6.16 and 8.46 a.m. trains, 1st class., 1 15 Do do 2nd do... lit (I 5.45 p.m. do. 1st do... 2 100 Do. do. 2nd do. 270 To Sandhurst '0.15 am. do. do do. 250 Do. do. 2nd do. 220 6.45 p.m. do. 1st do. 850 Do. do. 2nd do. 8 2 I To Maryborough 0.16 am. do. 1st do. " 2 15 0 Bo. do. 2nd do. .- 212 U 5.45 p.m. do. 1st do. "150 do, do. 2nd do. 3 12 6 lb Ararat 6.16 a m. do. 1st do. Yet 2 6 Do. do. 2nd do. 400 5.48 per. do. 1st do. 4 12 6 -Do. do. 2nd do. 4 100 By this arrangement passengers will arrive in Melbourne one hour and a half earlier than formerly, besides scouting greater comfort than coaches can afford. A coach also leaves the Diggers' seat on the arrival of the 8.15 p.m. train, for Kyneton and intermediate stations. FARES. 1st Class. 2nd Class. s. d. s. d. TQGap 9 6 2. 7 6 Gisborne 10 6 9 0 Woodend .. 14 8 18 0 Kyneton 39 9 30 of AGENTS. Melbourne A. Butler; Diggers Rest J. M Peck Castlemaine: J. F. S convey, Victoria Hotel ; Sales hurst : Heffernan and Crowley, Shamrock, Hotel Maryborough: O. B. Clapp, M'Ivor Hotel. Victoria Stage Company Proprietors. A. L. BLAKE, Manager. REDUCED FARES TO BALLAARAT TELEGRAPH LINE OF MAIL COACHES TO BALLAARAT. Coaches leave No. 28 Bourke-street east, for Balla rat direct, daily (Sundays excepted), at 6 am. Coaches leave No. 28 Great Malop street, Geelong?' daily at 7 B m-, and on arrival of 7.45 and 4.16 trains from Melbourne. Passengers and parcels for the route via Geelong booked at No. 28 Bourke- street east, Melbourne. PARKS. s. s, d. To Ballaarat, via Geelong, is a class, day .. ~ ,-. 2 2 6 To Ballaarat, via Geelong, 1st class, night. " 2 IS J To Ballaarat, Via Geelong, 2nd Class, day " .. a."BOU So Ballaarat, via Geelong, 2nd class, night - -- 5 2 100 To Ballaarat, via Geelong, 3rd class, day 2 - ~ - 1 13 0 To Ballaarat, via Geelong, 3rd class, night a .. "360 To Ballaarat direct, fares now re. deeds ~ .. - 2 2 O O' F. B. CLAPP and Co,, Proprietors; A. Butler, agent, 28Bourko-streotoa3t. N. L. Butler, agent, 28 Great Malop-street, HOw engaged -ERECTION of FARES to BKBOUWOtUtt. Through In 24 Hoare for £0. """a TELEGRAPH LINE of MAIL COACHES to BEECH WORTH. A Coach will leave our Booking-office, 28 Bourke-street east, at 12 noon daily (Sundays excepted, for Beechworth, via Kilmore. Broadford, Seymour, Ave-, at, Longwood, Euroa, Violet Town, Benalla, Was. BATSON and HEWITT, proprietors. A. BOILIng; agent. A S rTHKLEGHAPH LINE of MAIL COACHES ii TO be M'lYOB. Reduced Fares. M'Iver .. ~ 30 Kilmore. 3 15s. A COACH will leave our office, No. 28 Bourke street east. EVERY MORNING at 7 o'clock (Sundays excepted), connecting with conveyances to Whroo. Rushworth, and Murchison, passing through Somer- ton, iionnyoiooK, Enmore, and Pyalong, amongs SI'Ivor In nine hours. WATSON and HEWITT, proprietors. O. B GORDON, agent, M'Iver. A. BUTLER, agent. Melbourne Bottles. AUSTRALASIAN HOTEL, Queenscliff -9. a " "HMF ADAMSON begs to intimate that he has COMPLETED and FURNISHED tnertevelLotel! a -tailor is now ready for the reception of families and others visiting this delightful watering-place. BLAi,K"B??r'1' HOTEL, Geelong, nearest house to our »noEy'way Stationer ORDINARY on the table every Sunday. Refreshments in the Ice dollars. Joseph Rice, proprietor. RACECOURSE HOTEL, Great Dandenong-road 0 miles from Melbourne, on the direct road to the Sandonong gold fields. Substantially fenced Dad docks, for cattle or sheep, and every other accommo. dat ion for travellers or visitors. Edward Tonner. SCHNAPPER POINT Ladles and Gentlemen i visiting this locality are respectfully requested to inspect the ACCOMMODATION at the Schnapper? Point Hotel, which will belong to every 6 desire to comfort. ' WBy was rJIANKABP'3 ÏBMPSSruiOB HOTEL, LoasdX \-- street ween This hotel is the oldest near future, and the only one connot for strictly SS. perance principles. ACOOMMODAMfllJ" .ÏÏXsïS» and in the colony? of: THe T ibraryandsmoUn/roonTattalhed ' A 1904 