VESSELS IN HARBOUR. I ARMING Danish ship, 624, 8oiwner, Darling Harbour, Captain. airenr. ACTS, schooner, 91, Thompson, in the Stream, J. Macnamara and Sun, agents. AGNES, scanoner, 104, Robinson, CampV/tll's Wharf, Franlcland asrent. Ft South Sea Island*. ALICE BROWN, brig, 133, Fletcher, fl.i-hng Harbour, Captiin, aeent. BUR.VETT, brig, Sjaplenorn. Victoria Wharf, H. Clarke, agent. f.ir wpuingtyi1.. BSSSIEYOUSr*. barque, 320, Dunoin, Darling Harbour, Cap tain, agent. BOSNJ.S DOOM, barque, 212, Foreman, at Towns' Wharf. R. '^owns and Co., agents. C.OS0ORDB, Frowst) birqua, 4*10. Caueardel, Maonamara's t'harf. Vial D'Aram, an4 Co., afr«ntt-. For Mauritius. CHjsUOKEE, ship, 780, Allen, Campbell's Wharf, Silchrist, Watt, »nd Co., afrenrs. {JALDKRA, ship, 730, Clymer, in the Cove, G. A. Lloyd and Co., ' Agents. (CITY OF MELBOURNE, barque, 176, M'Lean, Darling Harbour, Cap'ain, ascent. For Auckland. CATHERINE, barque, 280, Sherbard, in the Stream, Captain, agent, ' DART, brig, 167, Jenkins, Flour Company's Wharf, Andrews, agtnt. For Port Cooper. ' i DUM ROBIN CASl'LE, ship, M9, Sim, Circular Whirr, G. A. Lloyd and Co., agents. DART, schooner, 83, at Flour Co.'s Wharf, Laidloy, Ireland, and Co., agents. For Port Cooper. DAW3TONE, barque, 495, Nowlan, at Circular Wharf, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., ngents. Discharging. «LI WHITNEY, American ship, 760, in D«ling Harbour J. Malnolm and Co., agents. FK.ANOI8, suhooner, 102, Wilson, Grafton Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For fort de France. FERNAND, French ship, 269, Blanchet, Darling Harbour, D. N. Joub'»r!. a«M!'. GOLDEN SPRING, bri«r, )89, Rozea, at Flour Co.'s Wharf, Laidley. Ireland, and Co., agents. For Melbourne. GOVERNOR brig, 190, Thompson, at Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and O(i., a (rents. HOLLISNSIDE, ship, 640, Thrift, Moore's Wharf, Gilohrist, Watt, and Co , agents. HELES DOUGiiAS, ship, 894,. Welah. Campbell's Wharf, Hon tptiore, Grahim, and Co., agents. Discharging. HEBE, brig, 19S, M'Lean, Darling Harbiur, Malison and Black, agents. H. U.S. IRIS, 26 guns, Loring, in Farm Cove. H '»f.8. CORDBLl \, 11 guns, Vernon, in Farm Cove. HIMALAYA, Danish ship, 660, Bcidicen, ia the Cove, Mollison *nd Black, agents. For Hongkong. INDIA, American ship, 433, Wilkinson's, Wharf, Wilkinson and do., atrents. JOHN BUNYAN, ship, 49fi, Henry, in the Stream, MonteBore and Co., agents. For London. KATE HO) PEA, American ship, 957, Johnson, in the Stream, Captain, agent. KATE KEARVEY, schoiner, 59, Dickson, at Grafton Wharf, R. T. Ford, ag mt For New Plyrmuts. KILLERMOMT, schooner, 161, Wilson, off Macnamara's Wharf, Lafdley, Ireland, and Co., agents. For sale. K STREL, brig, 198, Smith, at Victoria Wharf, H. Clark, agent. For Adelaide. LOUIS and MIRIiW, brig, 180, Vand-rwo d, Grafton Wharf, L idley, Ireland, an* Co., agems. For Port Co per. LADY DENISOV, brig, 180, '*Kiney, off Flour Co.'s Wharf, Laidiey, Ireland, and Co., ageats. For Lmncesum. LIOV, barque, 18), Barriek, at Plmr Company's Wharf, J. Maloolm and Co., asents. MELBOURNE, barque, 329, Dikie, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. MOD N'T 4 IN MAID, brig, 192, Longmuir, Moore's Wharf, J. J. ?? acick, .igent'. MARIi, French Rhip, 452, Jattona, at Botts' Wharf, Griffiths, Fanning, and Co., agenis. MAID OF JUDAH, shio, 665, Mitchell, Circular Wharf, Mon fiore, Graham, and Co., agents. For London. NIMRO'JD, ship, 912, Tillman, off Campbell's Wharf, Monteflore, f*rahara, and Co., agen- s. For Singapore. NORTHA vl, P. & O. Co.'s S. S., 1600, Stead, off Moore's Wharf, Li. ^loore, agent. ORION. American ship, 1297, Sibbfy, at Circular Wharf, G. A. L^ yd and Co., asrents. Discharging. P/lffi^ICIAN, barque, 478, tfitcnea. at Circular Wharf, Monte fi'-r.', Gi uha:n, and Co., agents. For London. QOEEN OF ENGLAND, ship, 1195, Nolin4, at the Cove, Captaiu, a^put. ROBERTINA, brig, 213. Davis, at Borta' Wharf, Mollison and B'ack. agents. For Adelaide. REBECC \, aohooner, 115, Souter, Grafton Wharf, Laidley, Ire land, and Co., asents. For Melbourne. ROSKA, Swedish barque, 293, Jacobson, DarliDg Harbour, Captain, agent. SEA BIK.D, ship, 450, Punch, off Macnamara's Wharf, J. vtacnatnara and Son, agen'g. For Calcutta SPRAY, eohooaer, l'3, Anderson, Grafton Wharf, J. Roberson, agent. For vuekland. SAPPHIRE, ship, 749, Douglass, Botts' Wharf, Willis, Merry, and Co., agents. SPEC. brig. 64, Miles, Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co., agents. For New Caledonia. THI^BE, French corvette, De Centre, Farm Cove. VENTURE, brig, 124, Brown, Darliug Hirbour, F. &nd; G. Kirff, age'itc. WANDERER, brig, 190, Smith, at Victoria Wharf, H. Clark, agent. The Orion, from Puset S -und, touched at H nolulu, where she obtained Sin Francisco news to 14th May. She reports the Orestes as having sailed for Melbourne from Puget Sound on 14th April, and the F^-lix as loading at Honolulu for Sydney. The cargo of the Illawarra (s.), from Port Maequarie, consists of 110 bags mnize, 12 casks beef, 9 casks pork, 4 casks oranges, 2 horses, 28 hides. Tde steamship Clarence left Wide Bay, on Wednesday, the 29th, and Cape Moreton, on Thursday, the 30th ultimo, at six p.m. ; first and middle part of the passage light N W. winds and fine weather ; latter part fresh southprly winds ; passed the Yarra Varva(s.), ten miles north of Smoky Cape, at four p.m., on the 1st, and the Grafton (s.), off Solitary Islands, at a.m. on the same d»y. The Clarence brings up from Wide Bay, 83 bales wool, 78 casks tallow, 4 bundles skins, 155 hidts, and sundrine. The Duncan Hoyle (s.), left the Clarence River on the 30th ultimo, and bring* up 12 casks tallow, 1 bale wool, 800 bags maize, 100 hides, and 15 packases sundries. The Moselle was going in on Thursday. The Yarra Yarra (s.) wag righted off Tacking Point at 8 a.m. on the 1st, and the Eaglt (s.) off the Manning River, at 3 p.m. same day. Also, a steamer off Port Stephens. Captiin Quail reports 'hat the intelligence from the gold fields was favourable ; he only brings down 90 ozs. 4dwts. of sold for the Joint Stock Bank, as the eecort returns by the Grafton (s. -n her next trip. The Briliant left this port for New Caledonia on the 20th ultimo, and returned on the 7th iustant. Tae chronometer stopped when two days out, which impeded the longitude from tiding obtained. Proceeded about 600 miles to the northward. During the first week at sea lost four horees out of five ; on the 28th a sea struck the vessel, whic oariied away her quarter boat off the davits, and on the 3 th ultimo, lost foretopmast. Heavy E. and N.E gales prevailed, until the l»st few days, when the weather moderated ; the first land made was Smoky Cape, which place was sighted on the Srd instant, when the wind chopped round, which enabled them to almost immediately bear up for Sydney On the passage back the weather has not been so bois ttfroun. ttu wind blowing from the S. and 8.E.; for the last two days gentle breezes from the N. W, and N. were experienced. The Governor ha- been absent about four months, but han no taken ar-y whales. She has bnen cruising to the northward, but thfi weal her haR been verv heavy, and she has lost two of her boats from the davits, a third was stove while fast to a whale ; phe has therefore been compelled to return to port. The following whalnrs are reported :— May 1st, Curlew, with 120 barrels; vjay 3rd, Caernayiin, with two whale* ; and the Onyx, on Cato's Bank, eight months out, with 350 bin elf. ThpQuat'n of England left Liverpool on 18th March, and arrived yesterday, bringing- 429 immigrants, classifier! a*- follows :— 148 single men, 47 married couples, 1 18 single womon, and79obildron. There have been six births and six deaths (infants) during the passage, but no disease of any moment has affected the emigrant.?, who are all in excellent health. The ship is also a pattern of cleanliness and good order. Dr Newbolt speaks highly of thn conduct of the passengers under his charge. No vessels have betn spoken. H M. steamer Cordelia returned yesterday with his Exnellency the Governor-General, from his visit to Norfolk Island. She leff. thiR port on 16th ultimo, and arrived at the TRiand on thp 24th, sailing ag'iin for Sydney on the 29ib ultimo. Tie Coral Queen, henoe, arrived on 28rd, an-J sailed the nr-xt day. The American whaler Shepherded was off the isUnd ; and a Dutch barque wsph siahied on the 2nd instant, apparently bound frr Sydney. His Excellency landed privately shortly after the Cordelia came to anchor. The Yarra Yarra left Cape Moreton on Wednesday, July 6th, at6 p to., and arrived at Syd -ey Heads on Friday, at 11.40 p.m. Experienced light N W. and westerly winds to Smoky Cape, and from thence Rtrong S.W. winds, with clear weather ; passed thfi Din Juan schooner in the river, on Wednesday, and the emigrant ship Glentanner. at anchor in the b ly, off the pilot station ; passed the (s.) New Monn, 3 miles N.E off Port Stephens, on Friday, 0.40 p.m. The cargo consists of 72 balen wool, 40 caskp tallow. 15 bundles sheepskins, 800 nides, and sundry cases and ca«ks of fruit. The Grafton (s.) left the Clarence on the 7th instant, and ex perienced light northerly wind till off the Brothers; thence frpsh southerly wind with heavy tea. The schooner Moselle, with coals for Graftun, waB passed in the river at Br adwater, and the. schooner Sacramento was outside the bar since Sunday la«t ; she was likely to get into the river on Thursday afternoon. Passed a steamer at 3 a.m., on th» 8th, off Dia- ond H°ad. supposed to be the Duncan Hoy'e and he New Moon (s.), at 11.30 a.m., south of Seal Rocks, and severil sohoon^rs bound north. The Grafton brings up 13 casks tallow, 214 hides, 524 bags maize. 100 boxes «oip, 57 ounce* gold, 5 horses, and sundries. The schooner Henry reports havintr sighted a large ship, appa rently with emigrants on board, off 6moky Cape. She showed No. 614, third pennant. The C ldera has had a rather long pissage from London, havine met with a continuance of adverse weathe throughout. While in the channel she carried away her main yard, and twojibboema, whicb delayed her considerably, and her passaen through the S.E. trades was a sucepRMon of calms and light winds. She has bferi fourteen day.' making this port fronn Cape O' way. Trie Caldera is a very ' fine vessel,, \f ith every appear mee of being fast, but the very unfortunate wi ather she has encountered has totally precluded the possibility of her maki' g even an average passage. It is anticipi'ei that *he will be laid on the berth for London. Thb Telkobaph (b.)— This vessel returned from what may justly be considered a trial trip, and we are happy to say that hpr perform ancp of the voyage to Melbourne and back has fully borne out all that w'S anticipated. She is truly a clipper steamer, an* itisinosr unfortunate that sufficient induci-men1 does not offer to Veen hpr in the trade ; her good qualities as a sea boat have beon eonsidprably increased by the reeent alteration. She is much ensipr in a sea way, and stiffer under canvas. The engiiaes ? -worked without the least jar or irregu'arity. and h°r speed, as shown by the passage she has made, better than ever. She started from the Melbourne wbarf. at 2 p.mM on Thursday, 3 th ultimo ; panned through Port Phillip Heads, at 4 25 p.m., arrived at Sydney Heads, at 1 1 a m.. ou the 2nd, and was alongside the Company's wharf a few minutes before noon, thus making ihe passage in 4'i hours ; allowing for th» difference o' time between the two portR, the run frem Wil.iamstown Light to the South Reef was done in 45 hours. Subjoined is an account nf her passage from this port to Melbourne as reported in the Argus:— 'The Australasian Steam Navigation Company's paddle-steamer Tele graph, William Cottier (late of the London), commander, left Sydney at 4.30 p.m. on S .turday, 25th instant. She was off Ram Head in twenty-two hours, being one half of the distance from Sydn.-y to Melbourne; thence Rtrong S.E. winds, thick cloudy weather, with rain, in consequence of which the vessel was hove to for four hours until daylight. Monday. She rounded Wileon's Promontory at 10 a.m. same day, weather continuing thick, with heavy rain and a high cross sea. When off Cape Liptrap, wind suddenly shiffed to N.W., blowing very heavy, with frequent showers. Passed the City of Sydney off Cape Schank at 6 p.m. At 8 p.m. wind shifted to the west, with a thick heavy rain and fog ; was obliged again to heave to till 10 p.m., not being able to distinguish the lights at Port Phillip HeadB. At 10*30 p.m. anchored off Qu^enseliffe. Sh^ Wt the Heads at day ight yester day, and nrrive.d in HobBon'* Bay about 9-15 a.m. She steamed from the Swan Spit lightship to the Blaok Buoy, off Williamstown, a distance of t'enty-eight miles, in theshon space of two hours. * The following letter was addressed to Captain Cottier, of the Telegraph, by the passengers, on her arrival in Melbourne :— ' Port Phillip, 27th June, 1859 —Dear Sir,- Wethe undermentioned p issengers by the Telegraph to Melbourne, beg to tender you our congratulations upon your recent appointment to the command of this splendid vessel, to express onr admiration of the proper caution, and unremitting: attention manifest! d by you in the dis charge of your ducies, rendered peculiarly difficult by the altera tions the sbip has undergone, which necessarily caused anxiety and doubt as to the action of the compasses; and to tender our thanks for your courtesy during the passage With sincere wishes for your future prosperity, and earnest desire that your valuable servi es may be duly apprecia ed by those who may have. the pleasure to »ail with y»u. as well -as by the gentle-» men under whom you serve, we are, dear sir, yours faithfully — CbBrlp.s Sladen, W. Ray, R, Gilmore, G. Perry, 8teven Donovan, J. J. Luther, J. H. Palmer, Philip Cohen, Thomos 8hort, G. Vic toria, E. C. Woods, H. A. Leishman, John Tait, William Sherwin, M.D. Presentation.— The crew of the Louisa schooner, which whs wrecked at Eddy si one Point, have presented to and urged upon. Captain Robertson's acceptance a gold watch, accompanied by a letter begging him to receive it as a token of their respect for bis exertions and his honorable conduct to them in every way. The captain accepted the watch (reluctantly), and wrote a feeling letter in reply, -launcester Examiner, June 28th. 