as ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION, THIS DAY?. ' "SS, Messrs. SYMONS and Par. tAt Clonard, Heidelberg Cows, horses, dogcart, harness, saddles, guns, hay, c. At their rooms Damaged ale and ( we -porter, almonds, sugar,- matches (salvago-froti*« Uro). Mr. J BRAur.-Brick-eottagosiiHi George and Napier Streets. " Mr. J. WADE At the Rooms, < Collins-street Fury , blue blankets, retail stock, of draperies sizes and bagging, corsets, mulofflothlng, to. Messrs. J. S. OMANT and Coast their rooms, Smith street Boots and shoes. At 155 Brunswick street Leases of prornlBos<IC5 and 153 Brunswick street Mr. N. KINSMAN.- On the premises, Easey-street; Collingwood Cows, dairynutonsils, Ac. At 234 King-street,-Furniture, watch, gold chain, we. do Messrs. M. M'CAW and ASOTUISB.-At their yordSy. Working bullocks. ' . Messrs. FRASER and Conns.-At'-tholr rooms, Collins street- Adelaide fine flour, Chinese and report,' to. Messrs. W. M. TENNENT anHiCo.-AW the rooms, Col " This street GROWN LANDS. Allotment of land in Hawke-street, North Melbourne ; land at Moorabbin, land at Mollison's Creek. Mr. E. DE CAREENA the premises, 125 Elizabeth street Stock of paperhangings, colors, oils, are. Messrs. W. EASEY and Coat the rooms, Collins street Coarse salt, furniture, nutmegs, Jan 3; 9 Mauritius sugar ex Yarra, Uunthops, Bass's ale, 1 Hayes's black oats, pepper¡VBy»£S'e pint ale, Liverpool fine salt, Cossipore sugar, Danish oats. Mr. W. Vf. TREACY-On his yards, Bourke-street Horses. "" . , i Messrs E. Row and Coat their yards, Bourke street Saddle and light-hornes^iiorses. Messrs. G. THOMAS and Coat the yards of Mr. Dowling, Flinders-lane Scotch flooring-boards. At the Railway Btatlon-r- dtedwood deals, Baltic logs. At New Dock Cargo of hardwood ox Margaret Chessell. " MCSMU O. S. Ross and Co.-AHherAiUEtrallan Wharf Red deals, clear white pine, SooWh flooring, spruce . deals, white pine shelving imdiftoorlng, moulded doors. Mr. J. 1JYRNR.-At his rooms, Sandridge-Immigrants' boxes and bags, boats' chain, quadrant, land near Bay, building materials, points, went, Mauritius sugar, tea, Liverpool soap, ale,ii<crter, spirits, Californian oats, grain, &c.; Messrs. E. SYDES and Coast their rooms, Queen street Hops, old tom, champagne, 'fitted shirts, ' woollen cloths, millers' moles, cioj"d».is. Messrs, S. GRAHAM and Co.-At their rooms, Collins" street Brandy, lo, groceries, c Messrs. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS. - At "their rooms, \- Queen-street - Marble mantelpieces, iron bedsteads, umbrella stands, bright and onions registered grates and vendor. Sales by Auction. THIS DAY To Farmers, Cattle Dealers, Private Ifanillles"iBjid Others. Cows, Horses, Hay, Dogcart, Harness Saddles, Guns, Sx. At Clonard, Heidelberg. SYMONS and PERW have received instructions from F. A. Powlett, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Clonard, Çoislfllbcrg, on -Tuesday, April 12, at one o'4ÍC$k.sharpi, Cows Horses Dogcart horse Dogcart Horn one Sadd! os Guns i Pistols, &c.; Also, ' t A stack of prime oaten hay. Terms at sale. The auctioneers wish to call the attention of the public to the above sale. The cows are nearly all imported from England and Van Diemen's Land, and are really a very superior description of stock. Observe One o'clock, Tuesday, April 12, ~ THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. Salvage from the recent Fire at Mr. C J. Levien, Flinders-lane. SYMONS and PElUtYare instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, April 12, at twelve o'clock, A quantity of goods saved from the above fire, consisting of Bottled ale and porter, almonds, sugar, vestas, clocks, &c.; All more or less damaged by fire and water, And Sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms-Cash on fall of the hammer. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. 100 Tons Gram. To Cornfactors, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received in IO structions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, April 13, at twelve o'clock, 100 tons grain, fine sample. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. 30 Tons Java Rice. To Storekeepers, Contractors, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street on Wednesday, April 13, at twelve o'clock, 80 tons Java rice. J Terms at Sale. " WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. ' 60 Butte Pale Sherry. 00 Pipes Port Wine. 1,000 Cases Old Tom. 50 Do Absinthe. To Wine and Spirit Mer chants, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUG TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wed -nescüiy^-*VprlI"}3,*t twelve o'clock, 50 butts paloUien-y 00 pipes port wine 1,000 cases old tom 60 do absinthe. Full particulars in future advertisement. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. * Extensive Sale of Groceries. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received in J structions from "the importers to SELL by AUC- UN, at their rooms, Collins- street, on Wednesday, April 13, at twelve o'clock, 300 cases Feast's pint pickles 100 do do onions 100 do do bottled fruits 100 do Wotherspoon's jams 160 do French oils, each 2 dozen EO0 boxes Halo's British sperms, in lib fancy boxes - 300 one-eighth boxes Eleme figs 100 boxes raisins 60 bags soft shell almonds '? 60 do now Barcelona upto 50 barrels oatmeal 20 do pearl barley 4 casks unbleached whole ginger 5 cases liquorice juice 100 do Loscher's starch 6 tons carbonate of soda 6 do Windsor soap 15 cases quadruple i a VIULU VI «J,*** 100 cases Dunn's red herrings 150 do do white do, in tins £0 do do 2lb salmon . 100 do lobsters, each 2 dozen 100 do oysters 5 tons codfish, each 5lb and 10lb _ Terms, Liberal, at Sale WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18 Important Clearing out Sale of Groceries, Provisions, \- Go To Grocers Storekeepers, and Others SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION at their rooms, Collins Street, on Wednesday, April 13, at twelve o clock, 300 boxes Ogleby s condies, In 1 lb packets 160 Halo s do do 200 cases Hill and Lodger a bottled fruits 100 do Feast a do 60 do do curry powder 160 do do pickles 20 do do capers 20 do do half-pint mushroom catsup, 0 dozen each 16 do do Worcestershire sauce, 0 dozen each 20 do do assorted! do, do 30 do Wothorspoon s assorted confectionery Malaga raisins, in boxes halves, and quarters 80 half-drums sultana raisins 100 quarter-drums do 68 cases French prunes, in bottles 60 do do bottled fruits, in brandy 30 do one-eighth boxes figs 47 casks soft shell almonds 40 do Barcelona nuts 25 cases refined loaf sugar, in 2cwt cases 20 barrels crushed loaf 160 chests pearl sago 60 barrels Crosse and Blackwell's tapioca 11 cases arrowroot 20 bags cloves 20 do pimento 1 ' 10 cases Penong ginger 20 barrels bleached Jamaica ginger 26 cases gum arabic (i 100 cases Colman's starch 60 do do blue S0dodoj-lb bottled mustard CO casks refined table salt 10 cases Huntley and Palmer's biscuits 00 do Yarmouth red herrings £0 do half sardines 20 do quarter do 10 do saloon matches 6 do do, in tins 16 do Bryant and May s paste blocking 28 casks Day and Martin side bottles and tins C bales seaming tine Maccaroni Vermicelli, Act. Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13 Family Car, Horse, and Harness MONS and PERRY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms Collins-street, on Wednesday, April 18 at twelve o'clock, A family car nearly new, an excellent set of plated harness and a handsome grey horse, fast, and steady in saddle or harness. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. 6 Tons Fine Salt SYMONS and PERRY are instructed to SELL JJ by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Wednesday, April 13, at twelve o clock, 5 tons fine salt - Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15. 2 20 Tierces noms , To Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received instruc O tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Wednesday, April 13, at twelve o'clock. 20 Misses prime hams Terms at Balfe f>,,, FRIDAY, APRIL In. V Hemp Linos, Pack-Twine, Wdbbeods, So. ! (SYMONS and PERRY are instructed to SELL O by AUCTION, at their rooms, ..Qolllns-stroot, on Friday, April 15, at twelve o'clock, , to packages, containing 'Homp lines, pack thread, ; Stout, fine, and middle landlord; tea-twlnivcolorcd mine, superior scaling and middle Shop twine, warheads and runs, to 5 _ Terms at Sales) SATURDAY, APRIL 10 _ To the Merchants, Trodeinioii, Clerks, Citizens of Melbourne and Suburbs generally of Up-country People, and to all who are seeking for a choice Cottage or Villa Site on which, to erect a town' residence BAtONS and PERRY are favored with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the gi ounU, Grosvenor Estate, all the Yarra, at the foot of Victoria-street, Collingwood, on Saturday, April 19, At three o'clock in the afternoon, All that remaining portion of the Grosvenor Estate comprised in the best lots in the estate, and which are situate on the high commanding por Items of the property. One/S has a frontage of 198 feet latino tiver Yarra, fry a depth extending from the rivers the brow of Ino include 488 foot, and which comprises in its area one of the most delightful rctrcsitsiuuitiitUs possible to meet wilds around the city. To thctwigler or river excursionist of the possession of this block of land must prove a COURT of great gratification. Several lots fronting the main ^ictotia-alTcct measuring 35 100 feet to a right-of-way rowboat 16 lots, each 40 by 100, fronting the roads leading to South ampton-euiscont and the river. Intending purchasers might now reach. lot, as iaarkcd-sUlk?j) will be fixed in the ground. The laiictisnecrs would advisei>iio«owvïho wish to possess a really valuable property to attend this sale, as bargains will be sure to be obtained, AS this estate I must be soKDVy auction, and to the bJghostiMddor. Terms One-third cash ; three, sb>-, and nine months' blllsrfNr the balance I Plans to be had at the auctioneers' rooms. -TUESDAY, APRIL 10. Valuable Household Furniture. Horses, Carriages, &c.; (To Private Families, Parties Furnishing, anUiSJthcra. SYMONS and PERRY have receired-initnic tions from albinos B. Payne, Esq., TOSSELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Marittiiui}, South" Yarra, on Tuesday, April 10, at eleven o'clock pro 'closely, The whole estate very valuable household turn-. turn, shaped, silver and electro-plated;, glass, ' china, carriages and horses, &c.; The furniture is of the newest and most fashionable description, having been selected by Mr. Payne who some of the best houses iii the west-end of London- road comprises : Drawingroom ou paste in walnut, covered with blue and gold satin a large mirrors, cliandoUw, grandees, Parian marble, &e.; The diningroom mai oganycouches and chairs, In morocco ; luirrors.ifcc. ; handsome bookcase, ' with some valuable books Breakfast-room by TbvHuta ; couches and chairs A In green. i The bedrooms contain somcsplondid wardrobes and furniture of the best quality; the carpeting is of the best velvet pile and Brussels. The silver, electro-plate, china, and glass are of the newest patterns. , Tile carriages have been built expressly to order, are considered very handsome, almost new, and of the most fashionable and latest models. | The horses are young and beautifully matched, : gentle, and well trained to saddle and harness, with very stylish action. Catalogues and cards to view can be had on application to the auctioneers on and after Friday, -April 16. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20. Valuable Building Allotments in Cochrane-street, Brighton, Between the Railway Terminus and the Beach. To Parties Seeking Beautiful Sites for Marine Rcsi dences, Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, April 20, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, being portion of allotment No. 17 of Dendy's Special Survey, site are in Cochrane-street, Brighton, and near the Railway Terminus, ; For building purposes the site is unsurpassed, being a beautiful undulating slope, and commands on osten- sive view of the Bay and shipping, and In in the immediate vicinity of the residences of R. Gill, Esq., - Larnack, Esq., - Budd, Esq., and L. Rostron, Esq. The property has been laid out in convenient allotments, having frontages to Cochrane-street and Mildred-street, leading to Bay-street, and offers an opportunity for parties seeking a quiet retreat, or marine residence, in a delightful locality seldom to be met with. " Plans showing the subdivision may be seen at the rooms of the auctioneers. Terms-One-fourth cash ; balance, three, six and nine months, the last two bills bearing bank interest. -" 1 WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20. To Speculators, Persons seeking Investments and Others. ! Valuable Freehold Property, situate in Swan-street, Richmond. Close to the Junction of the Melbourne and Suburban ~- < Railway Terminus. ! | For Positive and Unreserved Sale. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the owners to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, April 20, at twelve o'clock, Lot 7 has a frontage of 44 feet 3 inches to Swan-street, by a depth of 126 feet. Lot 2 ' has a frontage of 44 feet 3 inches to Swan-street, by a depth of 125 feet along a street 25 feet wide, .' called Station-street. ! ¡ Lots has a frontage of 29 feet 6 Inches to Swan-street, ,"" by a splendid depth of 153 along Station-street, i and has a right-of-way in the rear. Lot 4 \- has a frontage of 20 feet 6 inches to Swan-street, by a depth of 130 feet to a right-of-way. On lots 3 and 4 are erected two well-built brick cottages, containing five rooms each, and in excellent repair. \- r Lot 5 has a frontage of 30 feet to Swan-street, by a depth of 132 feet, having also the benefit of a right-of-way in the rear. Lots 6 and 7 have each a frontage to Stephenson-street by a depth of 33 feet 6 inches to Station-street, ?r Terms, liberal, declared at sale. i Thó~alíovo property being situate in such an Improving situation in that rapidly-rising municipality of Richmond, and in such close proximity to the Station of the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company, offers really such a sterling opportunity That it should not be lost sight of by persons seeking permanent investments, and persons wishing a nice snug cottage could not do better than to secure one of the above,, "Immediate possession can be had. 1 Title perfect. For further particulars application to be made, either to the auctioneers, or to Messrs, Selwyn, Klingender, and Charsley. N B -Not the slightest reserve. WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY, APRIL 20 and 31. , Extensive Clearing-out Sale of Ironmongery. To I Ironmongers, Saddlers, Coachbuilders, and the Trade generally of Melbourne, Geelong, Ballaarat, Sandhurst, and Beechworth. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from Messrs Gill, Fowler, and Co. to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Wednesday and Thursday, April 20 and 21, at twelve o'clock, The undermentioned importations of ironmongery, saddlery, and coachbuilders' materials, consisting of 303 casks and cases of ironmongery, comprising Assorted shelf ironmongery, fenders, registered grates, tinned and Japanned ware, hollows are, cutlery, mangles, spades, shovels, picks, wheelbarrow wheels, grindstones, buckets, papier-mache and fancy goods, combs, _ brushes, horseshoes, horse nails, hobble chains, | bullock chains, plough traces, leading chains, bolts and nuts, wire webbing, cast steel, door mats, tool baskets, coffin furniture, frying pans, pistols, revolvers, rifles, pistol flasks, \- dram bottles, electro-plated ware, &c.; 26 casks and cases saddlery, comprising Bridles, bits, spurs, stirrup irons, harness, halters, homes, girths, brushes, harness furniture, T stirrup leather, whips, le 40' casks and cases coachmakers' materials, comprising \- Handles, steps, staples, tips, sockets, clips, nails, 4? hinges, lug plates, rib, enamelled cloth, laces, \- japanned basils, enamelled leather, eve. \-- I Also, 250 pairs springs 100 small gig axles _ 150 cart do 300 do bushes 11 60 pairs 1 n Selwood shafts, Ac. Catalogues will be printed and ready for distribution in a few days. Terms, Liberal, at Sale THURSDAY, APRIL 21. 1 To Speculators, Merchants, and Others. .. ' Valuable Freehold Property, 1 Close to the Goods Station, -? Melbourne and Mount Alexander Railway. SYMONS and PERRY have received instruc¡ tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, April 21, at twelve o'clock,. All that piece or parcel of land situate, lying, and being in the town of Melbourne, county of \- Bourke, being part of allotment No 3 of section ' 82, having a frontage of 64 feet to Little Lonsdale-street bounded on the east by a line commencing at the north-east corner of sold frontage, and bearing southward 120 feet and on the south by a line at right angles with the aforesaid line, and bearing westward 64 feet and then by a line at right angles bearing northward 120 feet and \- from thence by a line bearing eastward 64 feet to commencing point. _ Together with The use in common of a right-of-way 12 feet wide on the western side, entering from Little Lonsdale-street Terms, liberal, declared at sale. The auctioneers wish particularly to call the attention of merchants, speculators, and the public generally to the above choice piece of land, being situate in close proximity to those magnificent bonded stores of Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., also Messrs. SmitnBrethers' stores, and Humorous others and Is also-near the residence of his Honor Judge Williams, and the goods station of the Melbourne and Mount Alexander Railway, the increasing traffic of which alone should make the above property very valuable. | Title first-rate For particulars of title application to be made to John Clarke, Esq, solicitor, corner of Bourke and Queen streets. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18. THE ObemlKte, Perfumers, FauioyVWoxoliousomcn, and Others. JOYMOJaS and PERRyiOmvo received in |)¿J» structions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, April 15, at twitter o'clock, _ j. t ii. p 60 cases Jean de Cologne in glass and wicker 2, bottles - 10 do lavender-water, do do. Further PartlculanmnVSalo. FRIDAY, APRIL 6. Leather. Leather. Laugher. ZO Bales Harness Leather. ? i TI HaiuossrJUicrs, Saddlers, Gardeners, and Others. , ~ ljrMOBa.M»d PERRY liavevrecoived instruct S tons from the importers to SELL by AUC -1932, at their rooms, CollhiSiStieet, on Friday, April 15, at twlYS o'clock, id bales states Leather. No reserve. ' Terms at Sales WEDNESDAY, APBXLJ13. To Grocçrs^KS-ovlsîon Dealers, and Others. . Preliminary Notice. Sale of GiPflories, Oilmen's Starts, &c.; A O. M CÓMÍ.E will SELL b,Y_ATJOTION/, _£_P in his, rooms, Collins-street. on Wednesday, April 13, at eleven Carlock, - Invoices of provIsions, groceries, and oilmen's stores. Particulars and tennis prio day of hides WEDNESDAY, APRIL 15. le Grocers, Cemetry Buyers, and Others. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION » jun )\fa rooms, Collins-street, on VfeduiBduy, April 18 at eleven o'clock, 100 half-barrels white" herrings 60 lines Yarmouth bloaters 10 do Jiackio's biscuits 250 do Whybrow's bottled fruits, assorted, 100 plants, do. Also, 300 cssosjFooth'B are. The above are all now floods, and only reptyjtly landed. Terms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. ' To Produce Dealers. 60 Bags Onions, AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION,! a In his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, April 13, at eleven o'clock, 60 bags onions. To be sold for account of whom it may concern. No Reserve. WEDNESDAY, APRIL W. TotGrocers and Dealers, 15 Oates Cheese. TO Firkins Butter. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, ; s in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, A April 13, at eleven o'clock, 16 cases Dunlop cheese 10 firkins butter, slightly damaged £12 cases chutney 22 do curry powder. No Reserve. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. Unreserved Sale of 80 Cases St. Julien Medoc Claret. 'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _ Jlis rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, April 13, at eleven o'clock, 80 cases claret, St. Julien Medoc, AU guaranteed, and to be sold Without Reserve. 4 a. we in J's 13, at elev WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, ^ To Grocers and Others. Sale of Currants, Sardines, Co. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, In his rooms. Collins street, on Wednesday, April 13, at eleven o'clock, 250 cases white herrings, in tins 8 do sardines 13 caroteels currants. To close shipments. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. To Grocers and Others. Sale of Blacklead and Mustard. 'A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _C\\_« In his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, Apm 13, at eleven o'clock, i 10 cases black lead, in 2, 4, and B oz. packets 60 cases mustard, in jobs. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. To Merchants, Soapboilers, and Others. Sale of 40 Tons Salt. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, April 13, at eleven o'clock, ' 20 talia Liverpool coarse salt, 11 bags to ton Do do do fine dairy salt, to be weighed 10 do rock salt, do do. Terms, Liberal, at Sole A. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. To Contractors and Others. 200 Sacks Oats, Scotch and Irish. 60 Bags Gram. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, _"_.__» 111 1916 lUUUlB, VrfUl April 13, at eleven o'clock, 200 sacks oats, Scotch and Irish 60 bags gram. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, APRIL 18. To Cab and Cart Proprietors. Unreserved Sale of a Four-roomed Stone House, with a two-stalled Stone Stable, No. 123 Leicester-street, Brunswick-street, Collingwood. MR. PRINCE is instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, on Monday, April 18, at three o'clock in the afternoon. All that piece of land having a frontage of 48 foot 6 inches to Leicester-street, Collingwood, by a depth of 33 feet 6 inches, on part of which is erected a four-roomed bluestone house, with stabling attached. A right-of-way 12 feet wide * runs along the side and at the rear of the premises. Title Two removes from the Crown. Terms at sale. The above property is well adapted for a cabman or carter, and is well worthy the inspection of parties requiring a substantial residence within an easy distance from Melbourne. TUESDAY, APRIL 12. ' Two Brick Cottages In George and Napier Streets, _ Collingwood. J BELLIN has received instructions to OFFER for positive SALE by AUCTION, on Tuesday, April 12, at twelve o'clock, Two brick cottages and land in George and Napier streets, Collingwood. Lots. The land has 20 foot frontage to Napier-street, by depth of 114 feet, and has erected thereon a brick cottage of four rooms, with verandah, known us Scarborough Cottage, Tit 9 XiOt 2.. The land has 20 feet frontage to George-street, by depth of 114 feet more or less, and the brick cottage contains three rooms, with wooden kitchen behind. This property adjoins the North Col lingwood Independent Church, and is well worth the attention of parties seeking a freehold, as the property is well built and in good condition. '- Title good. Terms at sale. John Bellin, auctioneer and money broker, 07 Ger trude-street, Collingwood, agent for the Victoria Fire Insurance Company. THURSDAY, APRIL 14. Sale of Building Allotments in Barkly, Grooves, and Vale streets, St Kilda Within five minutes' walk of the Terminus of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway. J BELLIN will SELL by AUCTION, on a the ground, on Thursday, April 14, at two o'clock, » i 21 building allotments. Six lots have SO feet O inches frontages to Barkly street by depth of from 87 to 99 feet. Six, lots have frontages from 30 feet 6 inches to 4 "foot 6 inches to Greeves-street by depths of from 30 feet to 154 feet 6 inches. Nine lots are in Vale-street, having frontages from y 38 feet 2 inches to 40 of derby depths of from 102 feet 7 6 inches to 100 feet 0 inches This property is in one of the best positions in St. Kilda. Parties can reach Melbourne in less than 15 minutes' from the ground ; it is near the junction of the proposed esplanade and Barkly-street, is close to the residences of Hon. JB. Patterson, XI L C, and G. S. W. Home, ULA.; and as it is in the immediate vicinity of the new Court House, the allotments in Barkly-street will be very valuable as business situations. Plans of the property may be obtained of the auctioneer. Terms One-third cash ; balance, three and six months'. The title is guaranteed, and the vendor will give each purchaser a conveyance, duly registered, for the sum of three guineas John Bellin, auctioneer and money broker, 07 Gertrude-street, Collingwood. a WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18. To Farmers, Livery Stable Keepers, Dealers, and Others. WANT L. LEES and Co. have received instruc- Y Y #* Wons from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday, April 13, at eleven o'clock, 5,000 bushels V. D. Land seed oats 250 do Cape barley 250 do English seed do 22 bales pressed oaten hay. After which, to close accounts, 1 ton of grain 8 do Ano Victorian flour 100 bushels Californian oats 100 do bran , , 10 bags black oats. Terms at Sale SATURDAY, APRIL 10. ' Unparalleled Opportunity. House and Land, Freehold, Five minutes' Walk from Richmond Railway Station. To Clerks and Others desirous of obtaining a Comfortable Suburban Residence, within five minutes' ride of Melbourne J LONG is favored with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, Ginn street, off Balmain street, close to Cremorne Gardens, Richmond, on Saturday, April 10, at three o'clock, prompt. All that piece or parcel of land, situate in Oban street, Richmond, the property of Mr. Bjrrcbell, tun long a frontage of 60 feet, by a depth of 62 feet; thereon, one four-roomed weatherboard house, &e;, Title unexceptionable. Terms Cash, TUESDAY, APRIL 16. A Cecil Investment. , Three Dwolllnghouses for Sale. Little Church-street, John Knoj-Ghurch. ?TV?!"»* STUBBS is authorised to SELL by case PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, on Tuesday, April 19, at twelve. o'clock precisely, i Three capital dwellinghouses, viz. 5 or 1. Has a shop antltthroo rootus.iproducln £06 , per annum- . i . , ' i Lot 2. Has four rooms, do, 206 panicum Local. Has three rooms, in £05 persecute Auliriek, built. -a- Titln, first t class. 'ITonJis-26 per cent, deposit, the residue three and sîlxinicnths', bearing 10 per cent. By Order of the Proprietor, Mr Robert Warren 1 FRIDAY, wARRIL.l. i AnothorBit-tf Good Land. Vine-street, Windsor. Three Building Allotments, i ORUntjBBourko, part of Allotment C, Of iBnrtlon No. 60, as per plan of solo axblbitcd.by Mrs. Elizabeth ! CackuT, November 21,1847. PR. STUBBS has received instructions to _ »jSELL'by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, Vine-street, Windsor, on Friday, Aprll.lft.at twelve o'clock precisely, The above three allotment of business building lmuLns per plan engrossed on the decks, to be fisheries at the sale. Title perfect. Terms Liberal. SATURDAY, APRIL 10. LA of SALE of size SEASONS of Allotments, Footscray, On the Ground, at Half-past One o'clock, By Mr. STUBBS. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. 1 Nos. 187 and 188 Johnston-street Abbotsford, j Near that beautiful object of art and enterprise, the Johnston-street Bridge. MR. STUBBS is authorised to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Bin-jJ-igharn Hotel, J bmUh-stroot, Fltstpj- Ward, on Thursday, April 21, 9 at twelve o'clock precisely, Lots 187 and 188 of the original Abbotsford town ship, near UUsn ster Cottage, so convenient for j wood, water, hunting, and fishing ; 33 feet each, i by 99 in depth. I 187 is a corner allotment Just the spot for same colonial Isaac Walton. THURSDAY, APRIL 21. Immediate Possession. Shop and Store, with Prfcrato Residence attached, Adjoining the Blraitnghcm Hotel, Smith-street. To industrious Respectable Shopkeepers, desirous | of securing such a Purchase for Immediate > Business. MR. STUBBS is authorised by the proprietor to OFFER the publican opportunity of buying by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Thursday, April 21, on the premises, at twelve o'clock precisely, All those the well-arranged premises situate at the east end of Smith-street, adjoining the premises of the Birmingham Hotel, opposite to the town residence of the Hon. J. P. Fawkner, M.L.C., having 50 feet frontage to said street by 124 foot (more or loss in depth, and eminently suited for the wholesale and retail trade. To any respectable tradesman, or extensive dealer who may be desirous of purchasing a good (and every day improving) property, this is well worthy his attention, especially If he wishes to change his business from an out-of-the- way situation to the more bustling one of this corner, in and around the Birmingham Hotel. The whole comprises a very comfortable cottage with five rooms, receding about 16 feet from the front 'ago, a very convenient shop level with the street, store attached. There is an entrance-gate leading to a noble yard and garden at the back. Terms- One-third cash; and the residue at three, six and nine months', bearing 8 per cent, per annum. FRIDAY, APRIL 22. Seaport Building Property. Absolute Sale. Sandridge Allotment No. 65 of Section 0 MR. STUBBS is authorised to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Bear's Auction and mgo Rooms, 66 Queen-street, on Friday, April 22, at twelve o'clock precisely, All that piece or parcel of land being allotment 5 of section 6, Sandridge, having 60 feet frontage to-street, by 100 feet, more or less, in depth. " A word to speculators.-Sandridgo is the natural seaport of Melbourne, and, of necessity, participates in all the advantages arising from its city trade and commerce. It is daily and hourly becoming a place of vast importance both to the Government and the people, and this is the time to buy there. The Terms-25 per cent, deposit, and the residue at three and six months'. Title from the Crown. FRIDAY, APRIL 22. Clarendon-street. > , Adjoining Clarendon-terrace. ' With its classic portico, c I - To Mon of Taste. MR. STUBBS is authorised to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at Bear's Auction and Exchange Rooms, 66 Queen-street, on Friday, April 22, at twelve o'clock precisely, One of the most valuable private residence allotments of land in East Melbourne. It adjoins that celebrated and very handsome pile of buildings, Clarendon- terrace, Clarendon-street, in the same street as the Bishop's Palace, 40 feet x 100 foot, more or less. \- Terms at Sale. " MONDAY, APRIL 25. Great Holiday Auction. Another Great and Important Sale of Allotments. Suitable for the Working Classes, Wishing to reside near p The Richmond Railway Station, With Frontage to The very best part of Rowena-parade, And having , Seven Weatherboard Houses erected thereon. MR. STUBBS announces to the working classes, clerks, and railway-men, that he has been favored with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, On Easter Monday, April 25, At twelve o'clock precisely (When refreshments will be provided), ¥' Forty Allotments, In the celebrated Electoral District of Richmond. \- Rowena-parade. Moleskin offering this highly select and valuable estate to public competition, Mr. Stubbs congratulates himself upon the fact that the known Intrinsic value of this identical property is such as to supersede the necessity for his entering into any elaborate description of its merits, or the peculiar advantages which it holds out to such as are fortunate enough to become the purchasers. He feels assured, however, that on no previous occasion has any property equally eligible for the working-classes, we, been offered for sale, and on terms so liberal as will be made known to them. Unlike too much of the questionable property now offered for public sale, the situation and character of which can only be explained by having recourse to third-rail dissertations of an auctioneer's advertisement, Mr. Stubbs would, in the present instance, discard all the means usually had recourse to on similar occasions, and should simply direct those who may wish to have a portion of this fine property to walk out, or take the rail, to Richmond, and to examine for themselves. The estate is subdivided into allotments along Rowena-parade, and which possess the united advantages of superior drainage and an unobstructed view of the surrounding scenery. Two new lines of street have been carried through It, and three well-designed rights-of-way. Sec. 1-5 allotments, fronting Rowena-parade Sec, 2-5 do, do do Sec. 8-0 do, do Alfred-street "Sec. 4-4 do, do Derby-street east ? Sec. 67 do, do do Sec. 6-7 do, do right-of-way Sec. 7-0 do, do do. The whole to be sold to the highest bidder. Terms 26 per cent cash deposit and the residue at three, six, nine, and 12 months', bearing 8 per cent. per annum._._<_ WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27. i Family Watering Places. I Unreserved Sale of an 80-acre Section of Land, Subdivided into Four and Five Acre Allotments, for the Convenience of Town Families, lie., During the Bathing Season, ; At St. Leonard's on the Bay. R. STUBBS is instructed to offer the above A valuable property for SALE by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the St. Leonard's Hotel, on Wednesday, April 27, sale to commence at 2 o'clock p.m. precisely, Note-The families will ultimately be without their bathing bivouacs In the summer time, especially so near this charming seaside locality, and so very cheap compared with the prices of land at St. Kilda, Brighton, Schnapper Point, and Queenscliffe. The property is bounded on the north by that of R. C. Selwyn, Esq., Government Geologist, and on the south by that of Thomas, Esq, J.P. St. Leonard's, being block B of section 20, parish Paywit, Indented Head, and near the newly- erected residence and property of Mrs, Cassell. Tolerable agricultural land, thickly wooded. An artificial dam of fresh water, reserved by the Government, CIOBO by. _ THIS DAY. ," For Positive and Unreserved Sale. To Storekeepers, Drapers, and the Boot and Shoe " Trade. T S. GLOVER and Co. have received in GI's structions from the trustees In the estate of Mr. Thomas Chapman to SELL by AUCTION, at the Commercial Sale Rooms, Smith-street, Collingwood, on Tuesday, April 12, at two o'clock, Men's boots, women's boots, children's boots, all of sizes. a Also, A large assortment of drapery, Sx. For further particulars apply to the auctioneers. Money advanced on goods. Rents and debts collected. , _ FRIDAY, APRIL 15. Tof Speculators, or Parties desirous of making an i ( Advantageous Investment, US. GLOVER and Co. are Instructed by the trustees In the estate of Mr. Thos. Chapman to OFFER for unreserved SALE, on the premises, on Friday, April 15, at twelve o'clock, The valuable leases of the desirable business premises for. 155 and 168 Brunswick-street, Collingwood, and the buildings erected thereon, now occupied by Mr. Lees, grocer, and Messrs. Willoughby and Taylor, butchers, The auctioneers would direct especial attention to this favorable opportunity for a profitable investment of capital. For further particulars apply to the auctioneers. Money advanced on goods. Rents and debts col Jcted, THIS DAY. Corsets and Underclothing. J WADE; of Wade and Gowan, will SELL by a AUCTION, at thousand, 80 Collins-street eos V "On Tuesday, April 12, at eleven o'clock, 1 . l case white and grey Furnell corsets 1 So ladies' and children's superior underclothing.. ...._ Terms at Sale. _ . . THIS DAY. , I 1 ' Rarctho Benefit of Whom it May Concern, I 1 OR Barges and Matting. J WADE, at Wade and Gowan, will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, April 12, at eleven o'clock, 1 case printed and wood oil baize 10 pieces India matting. More or less damaged. _Tenps-«Cash._ THIS DAY. Furs. Furs. Furs. I WARE, at Wade and Gowan, has been entwined with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, April 12, at eleven o'clock, A very choice invoice of fiira,jx>nsisthiR of-, Dark lawyer sable, girls' squirrel, musquash, ermine, chinchilla, Swan, mock sable boas, , Victorinos, muffs, cuQij, Ac, all of the newest styles and patterns. No reserve. was Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. BUio Blankets. ?. at For the Benefit of Whom it may Concern. WADE of Wade and Gowan, will SELL by AUCTION at their mart, 80Collins-street east, on Tuesday, April 12, at eleven o'clock, ZA. Sec. 105-1 boat, containing 38 pairs 10-4 gentian blankets. Slightly damaged. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. j Retail Stock of a Draper, Giving up Business. To be Sold Without Reserve. To Drapers, Milliners, Country Storekeepers, Slop , solders, Dealers, and Others. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been favored with instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 20 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, April 12, at eleven o'clock, The following goods Without reserve, Apsley bayadere robes Girls' and maids' brown T E. hats 7-8 chintz furniture prints, glazed Crs drab, sky, and fawn Circassians 4-4 brown hollands bodies' superior Underclothing, tucked and trimmed Do drab cloth mantles Sky and drab coburgs Girls', maids', and women's sun-bonnet 3-4 bleached cot. huckaback Scarlet and gray hair skirts White ground chenille do White and colored French charlatans Embroidered white opera mantles, with hoods Do balearic military robes Crimson netted silk China sashes Women's white cotton hose Men's Lambswool shirts and pants Do brown and grey cotton half-hose Do merino pants and vests Gentlemen's tweed and doe trousers Men's black cloth do Do block and fancy doe vests Do tweed jackets Do millers mole trousers, W. F. and F. F. Do soft felt hats Do brown and drab straw do 3 Do deerstalker do 12-inch grey calicoes Kidderminster carpets Scotch twill shirts. And A variety of other goods. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, APRIL 14. , Valuable Pair of Grey Horses, Carriage, And Plated Harness. T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been so favored with Instructions from F. G. Dalgety, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION (if not sold before by private contract), at his residence, Buena Vista, Gardiner's Creek-road, on Thursday, April 14, at half-past two o'clock precisely, i A valuable pair of grey horses, young and a beautiful, gentle, and well-trained I A colonial-built four-wheeled open phaeton, handsome, and of the newest model _ A superior London-built brougham, handsome model, and in good repair | A neat four-wheeled charge, by Fuller, of Bristol, suitable for one or two horses \- IA dogcart, colonial built, light, and in good order. Also, A double set of plated harness, in good order. A London-made saddle, nearly new. Further information can be had of Wade and Gowan, 80 Collins-street east. Terms at Sale. ~ THURSDAY, APRIL 14. To Householders, Parties Furnishing, Private j Families, and Others. 1 Sale of Valuable Household Furniture At Buena Vista, the residence of F. G. Dalgety, Esq., Gardiner's Creek-road, South Yarra. > J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been favored with instructions from F. G. Dalgety, Esq" to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at his residence, Buena Vista, Gardiner's Creek-road, on Thursday, April 14, commencing at twelve o'clock, The IA bole of his valuable furniture, glass, china, silver, and electro- plate, &c.; : Drawingroom - Handsome mahogany loo table, rosewood cottage piano (by Allison and Alli- son), and music stool to match ; walnut sofa, six chairs and arm-chair covered with tabor the match, two rosewood card tables, fancy cane-seated chairs, side-table, carpet and rug, fender and fire irons, muslin curtains and cedar poles and rings, papier-mache Ink- stand and blotting book, stereoscope and stand, A c. Diningroom Large mahogany dining-table, Bldo board, eight mahogany chairs, morocco Boated, carpet and rug, fender and fireirons, mode motor lamps, so. Bedrooms contain double and single iron bedsteads, marble-top and mahogany washstands and sets complete, mahogany chests of drawers, r wardrobes, looking-glasses, carpets, bedding, &c;, all of the best quality, hall, kitchen, laundry, dairy, are furnished , with every useful article of the best description. The glass, china, silver, and electro-plate are all of the newest styles and patterns. A large assortment of Huon. A quantity of books, by the best authors. Gardeners' tools, and other utensils. Also, Two milch cows, and a valuable roan saddle ' horse. Catalogues can be had on and after Monday next, at the rooms of Wade and Gowan, 80 Collins-street Terms Cash ~ WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. ' To Boot and Shoe Makers and Others. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their mart, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, I April 13, at eleven o'clock, 85 trunks of boots and shoes, being the stock-in-trade of a retail shopkeeper, who is giving up the business, and consisting of Men's strong winter goods Ladies' assorted do Youths' and children's do Maids' do do. The whole to be sold without the least reserve, and terms cash. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13. A Most Important Sale of of Seasonable Goods. The whole being recent importations. By order of the Importers. J LYONS and Co. are favored with in t ' structions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart (the New Commercial Sales Room), Bourke-street, on Wednesday, April 13, at eleven o'clock, 233 trunks of Bostock's manufacture. In assorted parcels, Just landed, and ordered for positive solo, viz. : Men's hobnailed watertights, nailed in the waist Do sprigged do, do Gentlemen's extra long branded wellingtons Do calf clump wellingtons Do calf hobnailed wellingtons Do enamelled hide napoleons, sizes 5 to 11 Do grained do, do Do slump do, do Gentlemen's Bun. sprigged -wellingtons Men's do hobnailed bluchers Youths' do do, and lace-up Women's colored morocco boots Men's army bluchers Ladies' Tialmorale, military heels Do seal boots, goloshes. Also, 7 do loco ups, stout nailed 3 do colonial nailed wellingtons -1 do napoleons, rough brodded 4 do bluchers, do 2 do youths' bluchers, do 4 do police boots 2 do military bluchers, superior make, After high, Men's patent hide napoleons ' Do short calf wellingtons. 1 And 7 trunks Prince George boots I do women's cordovan boots, basil lined 7 do grain do, do 17 do cloth boots, enamelled goloshed II do do, patent calf do 7 do cloth boots, spring-sides 11 do women's carpet slippers 0 do split wellingtons, &c.; Terms-Under £100 sash ; £100 to £300, an approved bill at three men the"; above £300, approved acceptances at three and four months'. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 100 Head Horses. Draught Colts and Blood Stock. Kirk's Horse Bazaar. By Order of the Breeders. To Close Partnership. J HENDERSON" has been instructed to SELL by AUCTION, on Wednesday, April 13, at 12 o'clock, Without reserve, 20 head, the first draft or 100 head. The above are a very superior lot, in fine condition, and for positive sale. .- THIS DAY. Working Bullocks. M'CAW and ANOTHER have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on _,y, April 12, at twelve o'clock, 2 teams of excellent working bullocks, with bows, yokes, and chains. The above are in first-rate condition, and will be sold without Reserve. I PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Allotments In the rapidly Improving Municipality of _,,_. _jeaat.ColIingwood, - ----; TFrontlrlg Simpson's-road, William-street, Nicholson street, Charles street, and Mollison-street, the property or Sir Charles Nicholson, Knight. -FRASER and COHEN are favored with in-" Jj structlons from Sir Charles Nicholson to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, 83 allotments of land, having frontages toSlmpeon's road, Mollison, William, Nicholson, and Charles streets, in the municipality of East Collingwood Terms, date of sale, and further particulars will be given in future adv casements. Intending purchasers are requested to inspect this property prior to sale, as the whole of the lots must be sold. THIS DAY. Chinese and Rape Oil. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, April 12, at eleven o'clock, 150 cases, each 10 gallons, Chinese oil 10 casks rape oil. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 60 Tons Adelaide Fine Flour. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, April 12, at eleven o'clock, 25 tons Beeby and Dunstan's flour 24 do Poole's do do. Terms at sale The auctioneers call attention to this sale ; the brands ' are too well known to need comment WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13 Important Sale of Winter Slops and Fine Clothing. 200 Cases and Bales. Ex Cambodia, Lincolnshire, Prince or Wales. By Order of the Importers, _ Messrs. C and I. S. Davis and Co. TTi. FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- (j tions from the importers, Messrs. C. and I. S. Lavis and Co, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, April 13, at eleven o'clock, Ex Cambodia, Lincolnshire, Prince of Wales, and Southampton, Now landing in fine order and condition. Ex Cambodia. 47 cases and bales Blue pilot American Pea Jackets Tweed Havelock jackets Black cloth do Tweed do Fine white shirts grey and brown tweed trousers Heavy mixed do Fancy do Inverness do Fancy doe do Grey and brown tweed do. Ex Lincolnshire. 72 cases and bales Lion self mole trousers Blue pilot American pea jackets Fine white starts Black mohair jackets Inverness tweed Havelock Jackets Fatness Melbourne do Black cloth do Fancy tweed do French beaver Havelock jackets Heavy mixed tweed trousers Grey and brown do Boys' and youth' blue pilot pea jackets Do fancy doe trousers Men's Bedford cord trousers Do fancy doe and tweed vests Do do flannel shirts , Do tweed trousers 'Do will regatta shirts. Ex Prince of Wales, 67 cases and bales Lion self mole trousers Blue pilot American pea jackets Inverness tweed Havelock jackets Super, black cloth do Do French beaver do Do mixed tweed Melbourne do Boys' and youths'' do do Moir's heavy tweed trousers. Do colonial do Do mixed do do Boys' and youths' doe vests Men's finley shirts Do colored do Do Crimean flannel shirts Do will regatta shirts. Ex Southampton, 41 bales and cases Moll's lion self mole trousers Do. super, pilot pea jackets Do Cheviot tweed trousers Do grey and brown do do Do fancy mixed do do Do heavy tv, 1st do do Boys' and youths' do do Men's heavy shepherd's' plaid do Do fancy flannel shirts Do will regatta do. Ex various shipments. Men's Bedford cord trousers Do drab mole do Do fancy tweed shirts Do grey tweed Jumpers Do blue serge shirts Do do pilot trousers Do felt hats Do cloth caps Children's fancy beaver hats Hosiery, &c.; Terms Under 100., cash ; above that sum, approved acceptances at three months'. N.B. For the convenience of warehousemen, up country but ores, and the trade generally, the whole of the above superior shipments of goods will be sold in original packages. "~j~~ THURSDAY, APRIL 14. i Houses and Land. Prahran. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 14, Collins-street west, on Thursday, April 14, at twelve o'clock. All that piece or parcel of land situate in the parish of Prahran, and being part of portion No. SU, and lot 63 on the plan or subdivision, and having a frontage to Chapel-street of 33 feet by a depth along Oxford-street of 69 feet, on which is erected a two-storied iron store and dwellinghouse. Also, An iron cottage containing three rooms. To persons on the look-out for a suitable investment the above affords a favorable opportunity. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, APRIL 14. " 1 Carriages. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Pantechnicon Carriage Repository, 99 Queen-street, on Thursday, April 14, at twelve o'clock, i Without the slightest reserve, The following eligible London-built vehicles, the manufacture of the well-known house of Nurse and Co., makers to Her Majesty, of Regent and Crawford streets, London. They comprise a very elegant park phaeton, with head In front, first materials and finish 1 first-rate and fashionable cab phaeton, doors to side painted green. plate class shutters. to. MUD, pUUlbUll grUUll, JMIItU LIMIM ailUkLUlU, U.U. 1, domestic phaeton, inclosed with canopy and curtains to shift, patent axles, suitable for station purposes 1 new double-bodied cab phaeton, beat make and finish, head to shift to other seat, fully njn painted and finished 1 first-rate cab phaeton, lined and finished in best manner, royal enamel leather head, light and elegant, painted blue, relieved. Terms at Sale, THURSDAY, APRIL 14. _ i Carriages. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC fo TION, at the Pantechnicon Carriage Repository, 01 Queen-street, on Thursday, April 14, at twelve o'clock, Without the slightest reserve, The following superior and handsome London built vehicles One pilonthum, of best make and finish, with enclosure to shift, appointed with a wheel-break and all the latest improvements Ono barouche, by Buchannan, Glasgow, in very excellent working order One capacious family car, to hold six, colonial built, highly finished Olio single body-cab driving phaeton, with head and barouche seat behind, patent axles, manufactured by Gaze, of Whitechapel. Ono phaeton, with side glasses, lamps, die., complete. -~ Terms at Sale. I THIS DAY "I 7 At Two o'clock. 134 King-street, Melbourne, Golden Cross Hotel. "IVp KINSMAN has received instructions to l\ SELL by AUCTION, on the promises, 834 King-street, Melbourne, on Tuesday, April 12, at two o'clock, A small quantity of household furniture, gold watch, and gold chain, NT Kinsman, auctioneer and agent, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood, THIS DAY. Cows. Cows. Cows. KINSMAN has received instructions from Mr. T. Rowdon, dairyman, to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, Davey-street, on Tuesday, April 12, at twelve o'clock, 18 cows, 10 In first milk, with Dairy utensils, &c.; Also, The milk-walk of 100 customers, now for solo. Solo at twelve o'clock. For particulars Inquire of the auctioneer, N. Kinsman, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood. THURSDAY, APRIL 14. Valuable Mortgaged Property. Goro, Argyle, and Johnston streets. At Two o'clock. K KINSMAN is favored with instructions from the mortgagee to SELL by AUC,",,(, on the ground, Goro, Argyle, and Johnston streets, on Thursday, April 14, at two o'clock, As follows: Lots. All that valuable property having a frontage of 44 feet to Johnston street, by 80 feet to Gore-street, being a good woman, with a verandah weather- board cottage of four rooms, and stables. Lot 2. A four-roomed weatherboard cottage, with large stable, having a frontage of 44 feet to Argyle _- street, by 100 feet to Gore- street. Lots 8 and 4 2 allotments of land, each having a frontage of 80 feet to Gore-street, by 44 foot deep. The above property is well situated in one of the best parts of Collingwood, and will be sold, one or four lots, as may be desired. Title good. N. Kinsman, auctioneer and agent, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood. THIS DAY. immediately after the Government Land Sale . Valuable Agricultural Land ' Ti, i ... At Mollison's Creek - ~~ states' rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday April 12' feet I Immediately after the Ooi ernment sale All that valuable section of agriculture i . , marked as portion 48 on the Government Dish allotments on Mollison's (W SiSf _ township of Pyalong, containing 208 in plains "and to Ö^S'roodt, Also, portion 14 of same parish, containing 33 acres 3 roods, 30 porches, or good land, moderate tim bored, and bounded on two sides by (Sly 4,., R Plan on view at rooms Title, Crown grant to the present vendor Terms at Sale THIS DAY -at Immediately after the Government Land Sale < I Moorabbin in 8 Azores 1 Rood 6 Perches Land at Moorabbin -was Lot 4 on Plan of Subdivision Portion 62 J ""L Near Dendy's Special Survey ' TXT M TENNENT and Co will SELL w oïïieîdoA^: at their -- force? Immediately after the Government land sale, An allotment of land in the parish of Moorabbin county of Bourke, containing 8 acres Trees T BSM? skin "tat0"plaa of subdeacon of a Title perfect Terms at Sale TUESDAY, APRIL 12th Immediately after the Government Land Sale. Valuable Corner Allotment, At North Melbourne, Fronting Hawke and Adderley streets To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others W M TENNENT and Co have received! If TfrtM'ín?1?T morn th0"PwPî-otor to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, April 12 Immediately after the Government land sale' An very desirable freehold property slimes ., North Melbourne, described as- Py UOto at All that piece or parcel of land containing by ad measurement 23 perches (more or less), being? allotment No 10 of section 60, town of Melbourne, bounded on the north by Hawke-street and on the west by Adderly-street etc " This valuable corner allotment forms the junction of the above streets to each of which it has extensive frontage It adjoins the residence of Era McMeckan and Blackwood, and is decidedly one of the very best properties in the neighborhood It is securely fenced in with a 5 root close paling fence, and is ready for immediate occupation was? one Terms, liberal, at sale Titles unexceptionable, being only one remove. from the Crown WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18 At the Australian Wharf Portion Cargo of the Alster, from Hamburg TENNENT and Co are instructed by the importers to SELL by PUBLIC Primo Rod Deals ex AUCTION, at the Australian Wharf, on Wednesday. April 13, " A portion of the cargo of the Alster, from Hamburg, comprising Primo red deals, Oxy and 11 x 3, assorted lengths Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13 To Grocers, Com Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others WM TENNENT and Co have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, April 13, at twelve o clock, 200 half barrels white herrings 60 cases red herrings, each 2 dozen tins 14 do Biggor s hams 15 tons coarse salt 10 do cock do 4,000 bushels oats, Llinorlck 860 do malt Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13 To Grocers Storekeepers, and Others TTT M TENNENT and Co will SELL by Y V a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, April 15, at twelve o'clock, 800 bags Mauritius sugar Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13 To Storekeepers, Grocers, Dealers, and Others Xrr M TENNENT and Co will SELL by VY a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, April 18, at twelve o clock, 500 bags China sugar lcnnsatSale WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13 To Grocers, Chemists, and Others TENNENT and Co will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, April 18, at twelve o clock, * 80 bags linseed 05 heads molasses Terms at Sale WARE April 18, at WEDNESDAY APRIL 13 To Grocers Dealers, and Others TXT M TENNENT and Co will SELL by YY I AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, April 13, at twelve o clock, 20 half chests congou 60 boxes do do Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, APRIL 14 Splendid Modern and Useful Furniture, just Landed ex Alster To Furniture Warehousemen Cabinotinakors, Private Families and Others WM TENNENT and Co will SELL by 1 AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street. West on Thursday, April 14 at twelve o'clock, A splendid assortment or household furniture, Just landed ex Alster, comprising Mahogany diningroom chairs, In morocco and haircloth Couches Sofas Chests of drawers Wardrobes Superior secretaries Whatnots Looking and toilet glasses Also, 20 cases chairs, £10 Terms at Sale. M ON AN EARLY DAY, Due notice of which will be given A Small Invoice of Choice Millinery, direct from France ox Equateur TXT M TENNENT and Co are instructed VV a 1 by Messrs H Lange and Co to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on an early day, 1 case artificial flowers 2 do French bonnets 1 do crinolines 1 do silk ribbons. Now landing ex Equateur, from France, of the latest, fashions, and worthy the special attention of niUlliiora,. drapers, and others. as Terms at Sale. as a ON AN EARLY DAY. So soon as landed. . Cargo ex Equator, from Bordeaux. I 1,302 Deals, 9 x 3 and 11 x 3. I 225 Eirrofo Pitch. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Dealers, and Others. "XXI M. TENNENT and Co. have received YY , 'Instructions from the importers, Messrs. H. Lange and Co., to SELL by AUCTION, on the Wharf, as soon as landed, 1,802 deals, 9 x 3 and 14 x 8 225 barrels pitch. Hcrmsatßalo. ¡ THIS DAY. " Unreserved Sale of Stock-in-Trade, Goodwill of . Business, No., "3 At the shop of Mr. Thomas Gooch, ! ; ' 145 Elizabeth-street, at 2 p Painter, Paperhanger, c. THE DE, CARLO has received instructions jPja -from Mr. Thomas Geach to SELL by AUCTION, on his promises, 125 Elizabeth-street (owing to his giving up the business), on Tuesday, April 12, at eleven o'clock. All his stock-in-trade, consisting of Paperhangings, paints, oils, colors, glass, c, goodwill of business, fixtures, Co. The rent is at very low rate, considering the position of the house, opposite the now Post-office, EUm beth-street. Full particulars of the auctioneer, at his new Rooms, 78 Elizabeth-street.___ SATURDAY, APRIL 10. ~~ At One o'clock. Sale of First-class Property. Within the Town Boundary of Melbourne, out of , Building Act, fronting the Great Sydnoy-road(3clialnswido), and exactly opposite the Royal Park. , For Positive Sale. THE DE CARLE has received instructions from JQj. the Crown grantees to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, opposite the Sarah Sands Hotel, and fronting the Great Sydney-road (3 chains vvluoX on Saturday, April 10, at one o'clock, Six allotments of land, with good frontages and depths. And Eight allotments, at the rear of the above, adopted for persons of smaller means. Immediately after, 20 acres I at Pentridge, by order of the trustees In Mr. Dwyer's estate. 1 Terms liberal. Title, Crown grant. Full particulars at the auctioneer's rooms, 78 Elisa beth-street SATURDAY, APRIL 10. At Three o'clock Afternoon. For Positive Sale by order of the Trustees In the Estate of Mr. C. Dwyer. On the Ground, at Pentridge. 30-acre Farm. 11 DE CARLE has received instructions, from the trustees In the estate of Mr. Dwyer SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, at Pentridge, on Saturday, April 10, at three o'clock, A farm of 20 acres, more or less, fenced In, under cultivation, with dwellinghouse, occupied by Mr. Ltunbort. This is a good opportunity to get a bargain, and should not be lost sight of. Terms liberal. Distance of the farm, 0 miles from Post-office. Full particulars at auction-rooms, 78 Elizabeth street. 