COMMERCIAL NEWS. ^ ? * ? i VICTOEIA ? to Joke 25. TASMANIA ? to Jdwe 18. NEW ZEALAND ? to June i. Prom, our various files to hand; per Havilah, we ex- ! tract the following : — TICTORL1. Melboubne Import Markets. — The Age says — 'In consequence of the departure of the mail steamer, and the attention of our merchants having, as usual, been directed to the preparation. of their correspondence, busi ness during the latter portion of the week has been transacted on a limited scale ; and witb the exception of a movement in the flour market, no important change in quotations has taken place. Tie demand for bulk ale has not been well sustained, a;id the best brands have been offered for sale at £8 17s '3d. Bottled ales, &c.;, however, have been in good request at previous rates. jK- For butter, hams, bacon, and cheese, the prices which ruled at the close of last week have been maintained with tolerable firmness, and candles have likewise been disposed of at the advanced quotation of Is 5id per lb. In the markets for Eastern pro duce' no alteration or improvement has been re- ' corded, but holders appear to be .determined to hold theirground and not to submit to any material reduc tion. Teas are in fair demand, but as there is no specu lative inquiry, the sales which liave been effected have only supplied the demand for immediate consumption. ; Rice is held with great firmnass by importers, and, although stocks have largely tccumulated, Patna is quoted at £16 to £17. We do not think that much stress should be laid upon the argument that the Chinese will persistently decline to buy the actual necessaries of life, because the law imposes a residence tax upon them. Whether disaffected orcontented, the demands of hunger are recognised by these people with perhaps more eager ness than they are acknowledged by civilised consumers, and it ig certainly straining a point to assume that the ^,_ contrary will henceforward be tho case. The market for sugars is devoid of animation. Mauritius counters may be quoted at from £44 to £47; crystals, £48, and Cossipore, £.57. The receipt of intelligeneefromSouthAmericaregard ing the unfavorable prospects of tbe export trade in tbat : ' direction caused an immediate rise in the price of flour, j* and sales of Adelaide brands have been effected at £26 ; whilst many holders are demanding higher rates. A corresponding advance is reported to have taken place at Adelaide, and although buyers generally are not im pressed with the beb'ef that the market will be well supported, we do not doubt tt.at the advices which are said to have reached Sydney are substantially correct. Wheat is now worth 10s to 10s 6d per bushel, , and bran is selling at Is lOd to Is lid. The market for feed grain continues in a very depressed condition, - and there does not appear to be the least prospect of any improvement. Colonial oats are quoted at 4s9dper I bushel ; Californian, 4s 3d ; Scotch and Irish, 4s ; I Calcutta and Danish, 3s 9d to 4a. Maize is worth 4s 6d 1 per bushel. In the wine and spirit market no change in I quotations has taken place.' J From various Melbourne papesrs of latest dates we take m the following : — I The Mosey Market. — In the money market there 4 are still large amounts of capital available for invest- I ment, but the demand for loarus upon approved securi- I ties is very limited. Laige sums are offered at 8 per I cent., and for smaller sums on 2«ss satisfactory securities, I 10 to 12£ per cent, is expected. The banks issue drafts I on London at 60 days' sight at li per cent, premium ; . I buying price at par. Freight oa gold by direct steamers ~\ or sailing vessels, 2M to 3d per ounce, deliverable in London ; insurance, 1£ per cent. ; by the overland route, 2 per cent., or about 7d per ounce ; insurance, ] 1 to li- per cent. For commercial purposes the banks charge : — For bills under 95 days' currency, 7 per cent. ; from 95 to 125 days' currency, 9 per csnt. ; and on overdrawn accounts, 10 per cent. Stock asv- Stations. — There are purchasers in the market, but suitable properties are not offering. The Sunday Creek station was submitted by us to auction without any buyers, but has since been placed under offer. We have not heard of any properties having changed bands. The store cattle market is not rery ac tive ; the only sales reported aie from Messrs. C. Edwards T and Co., consisting of 1,400 mixed cattle in very low condition, and a large number barely two years old, at £3 10s ; 1,000 very superior mixed, equal sexes, at £4 ; 700 mixed, not first quality, a; £3 12s 6d. Store sheep. — There are no sales to report ; the demand continues for - good breeding ewes. — Bear's Circular. Produce and Stock, Wool, &c.; -There has been an auction sale this week, at which 122 bales were offered, and 82 bales sold at fair prices; considering the descrip tion of the wool brought forward. We have privately disposed of 156 bales as under : — 76 bales fleece, at 19d to 21d ; 80 bales scoured, at 23Jd to 23d. which prices we consider equal to the average value obtained through the season. Tallow — There vrere a few casks sold by auction tbis week at a slight reduction in price. We nave sold a few small lots privately, mixed, at £52 to £54; mutton at £60. Hides — There is a little more enquiry for good skipping parisels, and we hear of a small lot for shipment having changed hands, but the price has not yet transpired. Stations-- We have not heard of any sales of this description of property. Store Stock — Store sheep continue to be in good demand, and for a superior lot of large framed wefcher3 17s per head has been obtained, and we have several buyers for flocks of from 5,000 to 10,000 wethers. Store cattle continue in good demand, and are ranging in price from £.3 5s to £3 ios for equal sexes, and £4 to £4 10s for bullocks. — ClovjgKs Circular. Insolvency Proceedings. — On the 18th inst., the Chief Justice sat in equity, s n re Wright, an insolvent. His Honor made the rule absolute to set aside an order which had been obtained to lake the estate out of seques tration. The debts amounted to upwards of £55,000, i and the assets to over i5,000. It appears that a w portion of the creditors had jigreed to take a composition »? of Is. in the pound, a con litional order to release the estate had bean obtained. A number of creditors, whose debts amounted to £40,000, did not agree to this procedure, and Mr. Sitwell had obtained a rule nisi to set the order aside on ten grounds chiefly based upon irregularity. The estate, by the decision of the Chief Justice, will still remain in ;he hands of Mr. Noel. New Insolvents.— William Blenkin, of Melbourne, livery-stablekeeper ; causes of insolvency, losses in busi ness and pressure of creditoi-s ; debts, £172 6s. ; assets, £23 ; deficiency, £149 6s. William Jobster, of Wiuiams town, shipbuilder ; causes of insolvency, losses in con structing patent slip in WiLiamstown, and pressure of a creditor ; debts, £5,715 8n. lOd. ; assets, £622 2s. ; deficiency, £5,078 10s. Goldschalck, Jacobson, and Alex. Livingstone, of Sandhurst, merchants ; causes of insolvency, losses by fire an^ losses on a quartz claim ; debts, £1,066 5s. 2d. ; assets, £.278 2s. 9d. ; deficiency. £788 0s. 5d. Fwods ON the Gold Fields.— There is little to report of novelty from the gold fields this week, No aew rushes of any moment have taken place, if we ex cept the rush of waters, which has been damaging to a great degree at the Yackar.dandah, Ovens. One com pany, in particular, have been severe sufferers. Repairs amounting to £2,000, from the effects of a previous in undations, have scarcely been completed, when another flood undoes the whole, aid before mining operations can be resumed, a similar outlay will have to be in curred. At Mount Blackvrood the rains have had quite an opposite effect— the crushing and sluicing operations have materially improved, and more activity has taken place than for a considerable time past. Land Agents. —In the New Court Mackillop and Cooke, land agents, brougi.t an action against a lady te recover £100, for selling' some landed property at Richmond. The plaintiffs were non- suited — it appear ing that they were to receive no commission unless they actually effected a sale for £3,000. The property was bought by a Mr. Harrison for £2,500, and His Honor held that under the terms of the contract, no sale had. been effected by the plaintiffs— they were not entitled to any commission. -*- Immigration. — Numbei -of persons who arrived at Melbourne by sea during tiie week ended 18th June : — From tbe Australian colonies, 234 ; Cape of Good Hope, 11 ; Calcutta, 4 ; Sweden, 2 ; San Francisco, 8 ; Hong Kong, 50. Total, 309 persons. . v We extract the following from the Argus of the 25th June : — ' The import markets continue dull ; no sales of importance are reported, and by auction but little has been done. Messrs. Easoy & Co. sold a parcel of 25 tons of Adelaide flour, of Hart & Hnghes's brand, at £24 5s. per ton for cish, and Chilian at £25 10s per ton on terms. (Jood ordinary congou teas (chests broken) at~£7 15s to £8 12s 6d per chest, weight (841b.) guaranteed; and hsdf-chests at £4 7s 6d each. Good yellow Mauritius sugsirs at £43 7s 6 per ton ; colory Siam sugar at from £42 to ;£43 per ton ; and a parcel of gram at £10 10s per ton. Messrs. Tennent and Co. placed; a parcel of about 500 bags damaged. Mauritius eager,. ex Arlequin, on tbe railway platform, at full prices - 