COLONIAL MABKETS. Meuiouiinf. Ftonn ano Quain Market.-The import market: The flour markot continues very quiet, buyers purchasing only for a week or fortnight's use ; holders are, how- ever, Arm, in tho anticipation of a brisk demand springing up. The imports, sinco the. 1st of January, in flour and wheat, amount to 14,160 tons, and with tho additional produce of our own harvest, and tho known supplies at hand in the neighbour- ing colonies, there is nothing to Justily the predlotions of soma of those eugaged in the trade, that a considerable advance b inevitable. Grain of all descriptions, with the exception of Wheat, which, thoogh not particularly brink, move« off steadily at from se. pd, to IDs. Sd/nior bimbel, is held very largely, aid Is exceedingly dull. The Importations of oats has beca enor- mous, no less than 660,000 bushels having been landed since the commencement ot the current year, l'rioes of this grain aro glviug way, and although reduced prices will duubtless inórense consumption, blocks of uther descriptions ol' horse com are so heavy also, as to shut out tile prospect ut auy amendment in prices of oats for some considerable period. CalUornlau have been «old by auction (luring the week at 4s. Od., and Irish white, i of good quality, at 4s. lid. per bushel. Tho general market : ¡The flnnuess of holders sustain* the prices of flour, but .there has been but little doing in this article during the week. By auction a lot ol' about 30 tons of Adelaide, of Hart and Hughes * brand, has been disposed of at £24 los. Adelaide country brands movo oil' slowly at £24 ; Crown aud Magaroy's at £24 los. to £25 per ton. Tasmanian finds buyers at. £23 per ton, and Huxall and Gallego brands at 02s. per barrel. Wheat Ib pretty firmly held, but miller» beiug tolerably well stocked for present use, are unwilling purchasers at above 9s. Od. to 10s. per bushel, although a sale is reported at 10s. 3d. per bushel, for grinding. Oats are very dull of sal» Conslderableparcelshaye been submitted by auction during tho week, and toles made at tlie lollowing prices, on terms, viz. :-Irish aud Scotch, 4s. tid. ; Calcutta, 4s. od. ; Californian, 4s. 9d. -, seed paree)*, 6s. The sale ot part of a cargo recently Imported here of the last descriptions Is reported at 4s. Od., on terms. Danish and Russian oats are pressed ou this market without tlndlug buyer«. Colonial oats bavo been sold at 4s. 9d. ; a very line parcel Yictoriau-grown Tartarian« could uot find buyers over Ss. The l quantities coming forward from our own ports, Tasmauia, New Zealand, India, andSydaey, to say nothing of foreign imports whioh continuo to drop in, «o entirely glut tho market, that speculators aro deterred from entering it. Barley seems to be less inquired for. Chlllau tludlng buyers at 4s. ColonialgroWn is dull, at 4s. 9d. for Cape, and da. Cd. for English. Maize is selling at 4s. 3d. ; cracked, 4s. «J. Gram : Though large parcels arriving to hand from Colouttu have caused buyers to operate with caution, prices aro nominally £9 to £10 per ton. Bran finds ready buyers at Is. lOd. to Is. lid. for Adelaide sorts, the low prices causing moro inquiries for it. Tho mills: Millers report the demand for flour as having declined towards the close of tho week, l'rlces are, however, unchanged, viz. : Fine flour, £25., Seconds, £22 per ton ; Huxall, 02s. to «¡Is. per barrel) bran, la. lOd. to 2s. per bushel; wheat, 0s. Od. to 10s. 3d. per bushel.-Argus, Mau 30. Mr.LiiOUKNK Stock Maiiket.-Fut Calila: The market has been largely over- supplied, loco head having been brought to market. Trie supply of really good quality was about adequato > to the demand, but with inferior stock the market was glutted, some of which were with dilUculty disposed of at store prices, and some sent back unsold. Good quality sold at from 25s, to 27s. ed. per loo lbs, or bullocks from £8 to £10 -, cows from £S 10s. to £7 ; plokcd pens from 30s. to 60s. per head higher -, second quality, middling, and inferior bullocks, from £4 to £71 . cows, from £3 to £B cadi. Messrs. Dalmohoy Campbell fc Co. report having deposed of l61 head, a very mixed lot, bullocks at from £2 isa. to £8 les. ; cows at from £2 los. to £010s. ; and 40 head of similar quality bullocks at from £110s. to £710s. t cows at from £fi to £6 Ids, Messrs. W. K. and A. S. King acquaint us with tho sale ol' bullocks of an average quality, at from £0 ins. to £9 los. ; and a lot of 170 bullocks, of fino quality, at from £6 Ills, to £13 5b., averaging £9 14s. per head ; and primo cows at £9 eaoh.-Store Cuttle: There is a better demand for this description of stock, but no alteration In prices has occurred. Messrs. Clough aud Co. report having disposed of a mob of 800 head, about equal Boxes, at £3 los. per head. Messrs. C. Edwards and Co. report having disposed of a inob of 800 head, about equal soXcb, at £313s. por head. Messrs. C. Edwards and Co. announco having sold 008 head mixed cattio, over 2 years old, at £312s. M. i 1000 ditto, from 2| to 7 years, at £312s. Od. s and 800 ditto, at £3 11s.-Tho market has been over supplied with middling and second quality stock, whioh met with dull salo. The supply at murkot amounted to 9S7« head. Messrs.] Ryan und Hammond report sales of wethers at from Us. to 17s., and ewes at from 12a. to 14s. each : and of good wethers,' for which there was a brisk enquiry, at irom 19s. to 22s. Tlie mar- ket, however, was not cleared out to tho trado, and sorao lotB were sent out unsold. Store sheep uro In fair demand, but the , lots ou hand consist chletly of Vlotorian bred sheep, which aro not preferred. For really first-class breeding ewes there is considerable demand. Messrs. Clough and Co. report having < sold «000 wethers, delivered on tho station, at IDs. i and 1500 ewes, at 18s. Od. each.-Stations and Stook:1 There Is a fair demand for good fattening stations, but few transactions have been closed. Messrs. Charles Edwards and Co, report tho sale ot a baok block between the Blllybóng and Murrumbidgee, tho property of Messrs. T. and W. Lang, to David Reid, Esq., for £1«00.-Horse Market-, The demand for horse stook generally hue Improved. Unbroken stock of heavy descriptions liavu realised higher prices, Harness horses and j hackneys in good condition are in good enquiry, and for medium draught horseï there has been moro ' demand. , Imported draught horses »ro not so saleable as of late. Messrs. W. J. Lothorlngton and Co. report sales of a lot of colts, got by Planet out of draught mares, at from £35 to £57 each, and a number of light harness horses and hackneys at from £21 to £48 each. Messrs. Dougharty and Co. bIbo announce having effected sales ol draught horres of medium quality at £48 -, Becond-clOBS ditto, £18 to £29 -, also the first draught of 120 from the stud of Hugh ' Hamilton, Esq., of the Laohlnu, a very mixed lot, ranging from £4 to £33, average, £12 17s. -, and the second from tho same stud at from £316s. to £43, avcraglng£18 7s. per herd.-Argus, Am« 30. MEi.HOURun Hay Market.-The demand continues unim- proved, and the market having been ovcrsuppllod, lower prices have been sabmltted to at the olose of the week. Good hay is quoted at from £7 to £8; stained and inferior, at from £5 10s. to £610s. per ton. Tho nuaber of loads brought to market during the week amounted to 370.-Argus, May 30. EXPORTS KtOM THE DISTRICT DOltlNO TlIE WEEK.-Tho following is an abstract of the exports, from tho mani- fests of the steamers and coasters, of the principal produce (ex- clusivo ol wool and tallow) received coastwise In Sydnoy, from the Hunter River District, during the week euding Wed- nesday, June 1,1B59: Grain........bag1*. SOO Wheat..bags._. __ " .bushels.1000 ., .....tons. 84 Maize.bags.1229 ,. .bushels.1200 Barley.bags. 31 Flour.bags.'.. 578 " .tons. 12 Brim..bags. 324 ., ..tons. 2 Hides.1163 Sheepskins..bundles.,n. 12 Hay.bales. 808 " .trusses . 153 ChafT..bags. 8 Homes . 36 Cattlt- (calves). 9 Tigs . " Beef .quarters. 4 Pork.carcasses . 0 Butter....kegs. 2 Coal .tons.3348 Tobacco...cases . Onions ...bags . Pumpkins ..Tbags. 6 " ...dozen. 15 Horns .1000 Shankboncs,. 700 Saltflsh ...bags. G2 Honey ...casks Jam .cases . Poultry...coops. 19 Eggs.cases.. 28 Oranges.,"bags. 6 Felloes. 328 And Bundries. Election Memos.—Mr. A. W. Scott has accepted a requisi- tion to stand for Northumberland. Lieut. Richard Sadleir has also addressed the same electorate. Both the addresses will be found in another column. The addresses also of Mr. Henry Flett, and of Mr. Joseph Andrews, to the electors of the Hast- ings, will be found elsewhere. Mr. Robert Wisdom has accepted the requisition to stand for the Western Gold-fields. Election Meetings.-Tho supplement to this day's Mercury contains reports ol tho following election meetings: Mr. Dick- son at East Maitland ; Mr. Henry C. Dangar at Paterson ; Mr. Mtdgwiok at'Dungog -, and Mr. Murray at Goulburn. Newcastle Export or Coal.-Export of coal for the week ending 3rd June, 1859.-A. A. Company: Sydney, 780 tons-, Melbourne, 1468 tons ; Hobart Town, 160 tons ; foreign ports, 311 tons; total, 2631 tons.-C.C.Company.- Sjdney, lSJO tous; New Zealand, 154 tons; steamers, 126 tons; total, 2110 tons. Netocastls Chronicle, Immigrants.-Fourteen more ot Uio Sapphire's immigrants arrived in Maitland on Saturday. They comprise four married couples, one young man, and five children. Tue Weather.-Wo have at length had sufficient rain to snswer the farmers for a time, in respect to getting in their seed wheat On Saturday morning it commenced to rain in showers, and continued that day and Sunday, mid to some extent yestcr Íay. At no timo was the rain of a continuous character, but iany of the shower» were pretty heavy. The streets aro now Icllghtf ully dirty, and we hear that tho rain has penetrated in loft ground about a spit deep-sufficient for present wants. Nowland v. Clift.-Supreme Court, Thursday.-Before Mr. Justice Dickinson and a Special Jury of Twelve.-This action, which Is brought to determine the right to a valuable ibeep and cattle station on the Liverpool Plains, was continued to-day, aud being unconcludcd, the further hearing was post- poned till Monday, the 4th August, being the first day of tho next sittings of the Court for tho Trial of Causes. Mr. Martin, Q.C., and Mr. Isaacs appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Plun- kett. Q.C., Mr. Darvall, Q.C , and Mr. Faucettlor the defend- ant,-Empire, Jims S. ? Supposed Trace op Lr.icmiAnDT.-In our Issue of yesterday an account was given of tho capture, by the South Australian police, of a grey horse, branded M on the oil Bhonlder, in tile neighbourhood of Mount Hopeless, a portion of the country recently discovered by Mr. Babbage. Tile natives stated that it had been running in the district for many years, and tho im Eresslon in Adelaide was that it was one of the horses lost by aptaln Sturt in his expedition. Mr. S. Ii. Marsh, of Sydney, informs us that be lent a horse answering to the description and branded in tho same way, to Dr. leichhardt, on that ill fated gentleman's departure for his lost expedition. It is to bo hopou that from tills slight clue some information may bo gained as to the fate of the great explorer and his comrades. Should Mr. Marsh's suspicions turn out correct, two very lm Eortant facts will bo elucidated-first, that Dr. Leichhardt must ave penetrated further to tho westward than was generally supposed-, and secondly, that there must be good country much further north than is generally believed in South Austra- lia.-.Melbourne Herald, May 31. St. Vincent's Hospital.-In conséquence of a report which appeared in tho Freeman's Journal of Wednesday last, of the proceedings of a meeting of Catholics, held at Mr. .1. Moore's house, Sydney, the preceding evening (on abstract of which ap- peared in the supplement of this paper of the 4th Instant), Mr. Thomas C. Makinson, the private secretary of the Archbishop of Sydney, has addressed a letter to the editor ot the Si/dncy Morning Herald, In which he requests the public to suspend their judgment on the matter until an explanation and reply, which will shortly appear, shall have been published. Messrs. Dodds and Co's Sales.-We aro requested to call attention to the following sales, this day, by Messrs. Dodds and Co., viz. :-At the Campbell's Hill sale yards, of 125 head really prime fat cattle, direct from the station, on the Liverpool Plains ; of 1200 very primo lat wethers, direct from Bukkulla, M'Intyre Liver ; of 80 prime fat pigs, corn (ed, from Singleton. Also, at the East Maitland salo yards, of 14 head of Btout weight carrying horses* and mares, in good condition, with two small ponies, broken to side saddle, and a mule. Communicated. Serious Accident at the A. A. Company's Shoots. Very early on Tuesday morning last, as Mr. Taylor the pilot, and Mr. Davy ware on the Look-out Hill, they spied and saw something that appeared to them like Are. They proceeded to the shoot, and discovered that the galley ot the brig Squaw, of Melbourne, was on fire. They Instantly gave the alarm to those who were on board. The galley was burnt level with the deck. Mr. Atwell, the mate, in the confusion fell down tho hatchway, l8 feet, his head was very much hurt ; bia recovery was expressed as hopeless ; be ivas removed to the hospital. We aro elad to learn tliat he is recovering. Mr. Reid, tlie master of the vessel, desires to express his thanks to Mr. Taylor and Mr. Davy, through whoso exertions the brig was saved from total destruction.-Newcastle Chronicle, June 4. Mail Accident at Tamworth.-An accident to the mail occtrrcd on Monday night last, when within a short distance of tom. It appears that prior to the occurrence one of the lamps had been broken, and the horses by some means got off the roa4. When near a pool of water not fur from the Court-house, the leaders shied-one jumping completely out of his harness, and getting away-and the coach upset. Although there wcro several passengers no injury was sustained.-Turnworth Exami- ner, Jane 1. » Binoera DiooiNns.-Tiloso diggings are going ahead rapidly. W« were shown a parcel of gola from there lately, amounting to to less than 290 ounces, which was purchased by a firm in town. This speaks well ; and we are informed that the number of Jiggers docs not exceed 100.-"Jltmworlh Eraminer, June 1. Bit. Jenkins.-We have been informed Upon good authority that there is every probability that Dr. Jenkins will contest tuft electorate. Requisitions tor bim to stand are in circulation through the Peel River, Hanging Rock, Tamworth, and tho Namoi, by persons warm hi lils support. At tho latter place his Irlands are said to bo most active.-ïlimirortA Examiner, 1st June- . ". " Breach or Publicans Licensing Act.-Thomas Brown wts chanced before the bench at West Maitland, yesterday, with tho commission of a breach of this Act. Sergeant Kerri 5n deposed on Thursday evening last ho was on duty at Catnp ll's Hill, and saw muslo and dancing in defendant's bouse, lu an upstairs room over tho parlour: witness asked Mrs. Brown whether she had had permission from the polloo magistrate, and she said Mr. Clark had told her there was no necessity ; Mr. Clark was playing the liddle, and children and adults wcro dancing. Cross-examined by Mr. Briggs: Witness did not look sufficiently close at the people dancing to know whether thoy were taking entertainment or not ; witness saw no drink lu the room, and could not say whether the majority of the people dancing w ero children or adults. Mr. Briggs, for tho defendant, contended that this was a case that did not como within the meaning of the act. Mrs Brown's ohlldren and some of Mr. Clark's pupils were dancing in a part or the house to which tho Cubilo had no access.-CM. Clark deposed that he went on hureduy night last to open a olass at Mrs. Brown's ; they wore all his pupils present, except tho mothers of some of them -, there was no drink admitted.-Honora Brown deposed that tho room where the dancing was carried on was sel apart for the use of hor own family, aud the publlo had no access to it ¡ there were only neighbours present The benoh dismissed the case. NEWCASTLE ELECTION. -- On Friday evening Mr. A. Hodg- son addressed a crowded meeting of the Newcastle electors at the Old Oak Inn, Lake Macquarie Road, and, having answered several questions that were put to him, was formally declared by resolution to be a fit and proper person to represent the district. -Abridged from the Newcastle Chronicle, June 4. Police Business.-There were three casca onthepo'"» list at West Maitland, yesterday. Mr. Green, Mr. Day, and Mr. I^vy were flic sitting magistrates. Tùiir Gosstr.-SiQlor, who acquitted h nuclf so well at Homebush, goes to Melbourne, wo believe, this afternoon, and will be followed by the Nelson lot next week, or the week arter. Chevalier has been sold at £500, for stud purposes, to Mr. Wyndham. There was soma rumour of a match between Lau risUnn and Mariner yesterday, but we are unable to say whether or not It is actually concludod.-firn, June 4. Aquatics. - The match between Punch and White, for £100 a side, is fixed to come off on Monday afternoon. The part of the river selected for the race is between Kissing Point and Bedlam Point, on the Parramatta River; distance, one mile the prize is to be competed for in wager boats, to start at three o'clock p.m. The final deposits are to be made this evening, between eight and nlne o'clock, at Mr. Doyles, Butchers Arms, corner of Park and Pitt streets.- Bell's Life in Sydney, June 4. Drunkenness.-Thomas Limo was convlotcd before the j benoh at West Maitland, yesterday, of drunkenness. Ho was i fined 6a : lu default ol' payraont, twenty-four hours' imprison. I ment. James Macgratli pleaded guilty to asimilar offence, , and it belüg lils first offence, -ho was admonished and dls C OiSci.ne Lanoiiaqe.-Tilomas Lane, convicted before the i bench at West Maitland, yesterday, or using obscene language to Constable Arthur whilst being conveyed to tho lock-up for I drunkenness, was «ned 10s. i lu default of payment, three days } imprisonment 