ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Messrs. FRASER and COHEN At their rooms, Collins street Wines, spirits, ale, porter, damaged oats matches. * Messrs. W. L\46KT and Co.-At their rooms, Col Hns-Btreot-Boots and shoes, tents: also the iron screw steamer, Storm Bird. At Nicholson's bonded stores, Flinders-street Shag tobacco cigars. . Mr. R. C. LUSCOMBE. --On the ground, Emerald Hill Building Sites, Napier and Little Pork streets. POLICE SALE At Police Court-yard-Housohokl furniture. Mr. N. KINSMAN.-At his rooms, Moor-street Col 'Hngwood-Allotment at Footscray. On the respective grounds Allotments, Catherine, Church and Buckingham streets, Richmond. Messrs. SVHONB mid PERRY.-At their rooms, Collins street Boots and shoes. Mr. W. J. LOTUBKINQTON.-At Hawley's yards, Bourke street Horses, vehicles, and harness. Messrs. J. LYONS and Co.-At their rooms, Bourke street Drapery goods, clothing. Mr. A. G. M'COMBE.--At his rooms, Collins-street Pitch, pick handles, broom heads, patent scales, groceries, provisions, tarred rope, Tooth's alo, Cheddar cheese butter, stareh,eoifoo, sugars, mixed pickles, red cabbage, candles, currants, Danish and Scotch oats, oatmeal, moss hoof, mats and matting. Mr. J. BEIIIIN.-On the premises, Smith-street Household furniture and effects. Mr". STUBBS.-On the premises, Flinders-lane east Building materials of stone HOUses. Messrs. E. Row and Co.-At their yards, Bourke street Milch cows, horses. Messrs. DouonARir and Co At their yards, Bourko-street-Draught colts. ''" i Sales by Auction. AURIFEROUS LAND. Postponement of Sale for a Future Day, And Notice of which will be Given. FRASER and COHEN have received in Instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION on an early day, 0, 123a. 2r. 19p. of auriferous lands 2,042. Ir, 19p. of agricultural lands. The Elmore Hotel, with 63 acres 1 rood 30 perches good land fenced in, being the properties of the late Mr. Cruikshank, situate on the Bendigo Creek and Campaspe River. This property is withdrawn for four days only, that plans and lithographs may be prepared and that every facility may be given to the public for inspection, previous to sale. THIS DAY. of Grocers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, Dealers, and _ Others. FRASER and COHEN have received in £1 structions to SELL by AUCTION, at the rooms, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 112 cases whisky, Highlander brand 119 do brandy 176 do rum, old Jamaica 10 hhds. rum, British 12 do brandy. ^___Terms at Sale. e THIS DAY. To Grocers, "Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. "CJ BAKER and COHEN have received in JP structions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, Just landing, The following shipment of first-class wines and spirits 21 hhdB. of Charente Vineyard dark brandy 20 quarter-casks do do 1,000 cases of brandy, " La Costa " 1,200 do of geneva, V. H. O. 2,000 half- cases do do 75 COSCB Cliquot champagne SOO do Cozcns's amontillado 40 quarter-casks sherry £0 hhds. rum, B. P., 12 op. 100 cases curacoa CO hhds. Guinness's stout. The above goods are just landing In first-rate condition, are guaranteed as described, and will be found well worthy the attention of intending purchasers. Terms under £100, cash ; above that sum, ap. proved acceptances at three months'. ~- THIS DAY. " On Account of Whom it May Concern. Ex Queen of the East. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AJC Jj TION, at their rooms, on Monday, August 22, st eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, 880 casks Byass's bottled ale and porter, each a dozen. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. --~ On Account of Whom it May Concern. More or Less Damaged. Ex Sir William Eyre. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC JP TION, at the Now Shed, Railway Station, Tnndera-strect, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, More or less damaged, Ex Sir William Ey re, 380 bags of Mabury's black and white oats. ^_Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. CO Cases Matches. THE FRASER and COHEN have received installa- is tions from the importers to SELL byAUC TION, at their rooms, 14 Collins-street west, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 60 cases of various lucifer matches Comprising Vestas, wood in fancy packets, and gross boxes Attention is called to this sale, being the finest lot of fancy matches over imported to this market TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, Nests American Tubs. Three-hoop Pails. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August eleven o'clock. Ex Continent, SOO nests American tubs, each eight 194 dozen three hoop pails. sTorms at Sale TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. 890 Dozen of Pressed Tumblers, Without Reserve. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, August 23, At eleven o'clock, Without reserve, 890 dozen of pressed tumblers. Terms at Sale TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. Kidderminster Carpets. Ex Low Chow. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELL by s PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Colllns street east, on Tuesday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, W. J. and Co. in diamond, M at side, 18s bales 4-4 super Kidderminster carpets. More or less damaged. Terms Cash. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. Fancy Drapery, Hosiery, Slops, &c.; So Warehousemen, Drapers, Slopsellers, Outfitters, Dealers, and Others. WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been v instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, their mart, 80 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, The following assortment of useful and seasonable goods : French merinoes i Coburg and alpacas Ladies fancy dresses Do French stays So underclothing Do mantles, cloth and velvet No muslin collars and chemisottOB Children's fancy dresses Women's white cotton hose Infants' white and fancy socks Fancy bonnet ribbons 7-4 and 8-4 coloured cotton tablecovers j Black silk velvets i Crochet collars ' Union diaper ' Men's brown cotton half-hose Bo Abordoon half-hose Do lambswool pantaloons and shirts Do fancy tweed trousers, > > Do millers'' more Do plaid vestas '- ' > ' Do blue and scarlet serge shirts Do and boys' tweed caps. - . And a variety of other goods. Terms at Sale. ? ' F 237 at -" TUESDAY. AUGUST 23. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. Mole Trousers, 12-inch GroyB. Ex Hotspur. ? ' T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been instructed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-street east, on Tuesday, August ' B and H, G under, in diamond, Sec. 88-1 case drab mole trousers 240-1 bale 12-inch stout grey calico. More or less damaged. Terms Cash. -_ TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. To Publicans, Spirit Merchants, and. Others. Stock-in-Trade of a Wine and Spirit Merchant. C GRAHAM and Co. will SELL by AUC is TION on the premises, 08 Flinders-lane east, farmer of Russell-street, on Tuesday, August>23, at *^hoeÄn.trade of Messrs. S. Palmer and Co., who are removing to Swanston-street, consisting of Bass's No. a ale, No. 2 pale ale, Elliot's porter, Beasley's also. Taylor and Walker also, bottled ale and stout, whisky, rum, gin, brandy, p art and sherry, In bond and duty paid. Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale "9' THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. Portland. To Close Partnership. Hilgay, on the Wannon. ? ROUGH and PETERS have received instructions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, Gawler-street, Portland, on Thursday. September 1, at noon, wa"s."s The Hilgay Station, With 2500 sheep, 600 head of cattle, with the right of brand (the total number as per book Being about 700), 80 horses, stores, bullocks, drays, chattels, and other effects. Also, Purchased lands, amounting in all to about 1,400 For further particulars apply to the auctioneers,! Portland, or to Vaughan and Wlkl, Melbourne, . . ex THIS DAY. ""To . "as - El Norfolk. C8 Trunks Boots and Shoes, Spring Goods, of Superior Quality. in , j- .- For Positive Sale. To Boot and Shoe Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and the. Others. "JOAN EASEY and Co. have received instruc BY . therefrom Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, Ex Norfolk, ON trunks boots and shoes, consisting of Gentlemen's best kid top boots, elastic sides, patent goloshed Do memel do do, calf do Do stout do do, do Men's extra fine kip bluchers boots, branded Do stout kip army bluchers, do Do do calf bluchers do Do light do do Ladies' best cashmere boots, elastic sides, patent fronts Do do, military heels Do do, to lace Do do, elastic sides, patent fronts, pumps Women's Boan Francaise do, French bottoms Ladies'' best kid boots, elastic sides, military heels 5 Do colored cashmere boots, do do Girls' best do, do do cordovan boots, welts top, patent he Children's do do. Do best cashmere de, do, do Do do, to button Do do coloured cashmere boots Do kid top boots, balmorals Do coloured cashmere boots Do do morocco do Do do balmorals Children's black kid balmoral boots Do patent calf shoes and straps Men's margate slippers, The above Invoice of boots and shoes has been selected with the greatest care, are of very superior quality, and will be found especially suited for the spring and summer trade. No reserve. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. At Nicholson's Bonded Stores, Flinders-street. 7 Cases Fine Cigars. 8 Do Shag Tobacco, To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION a at Nicholson's Bonded Stores, Flinders-street, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock sharp, 7 cases prune cigars, various brands 8 do shag tobacco. To be sold to close accounts. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. At Twelve O'Clock. By Order of the Shareholders. In Consequence of the Winding-up of the Company. For Positive Sale. The Iron Screw Steamer STORMBIRD. To Merchants, Shipowners, Capitalist!, Companies, and Others interested in the Intercolonial Trade | W EASBY and Co. have instructions to a SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Monday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, The iron screw steamer STORMBIRD, 87 tons register, and two engines of 20-horse power. Machinery made by the celebrated house of Lowrie and Co., of Whitchurch. Has good cabin and steerage accommodation for) passengers. Draught of water when loaded, 7 feet. The vessel is perfect and complete, and well found in every necessary for the passenger trade Hill end moohlnory-dn first-rate order. She has been employed in the Port Albert trade, and will be found admirably adapted for the New Zealand, Van Diemen's Land, Adelaide, or other intercolonial traffic. This fine vessel is being sold on account of the winding-up of the company. Terms liberal. Full particulars can be obtained on application to Wm. Boyles and Co., 97 Collins-street west; or the auctioneers. s. THIS DAY. 8 Bales Tents. To Tent makers and Others. "fir EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION YY i at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 1 bale white tents 2 do grey do. No reserve Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. CO Barrels Prime Mess Pork. Limerick Brand. To Shipchandlers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Y Y a at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 60 barrels prime mess pork, Limerick brands, and a first-rate parcel. Now landed, and to be sold. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. 8 Cases Ballaarat Brand Tobacco. 4 Do. Bendigo Do. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. \fj~ EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY in at their rooms, 33 Collins- street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 8 cases Ballaarat brand tobacco 4 do Bendigo do do , Fine honey dew, And to be sold without reserve. Terms at Sale, TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. 80 Tons Dutch Crushed Lump Sugar. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. XHT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, If Y a at their rooms, 33 Collins- street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 30 tons Dutch crushed lump sugar. The above will be found a very superior sample. And to be sold. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. 60 Very Handsome and Superior African Skins. To Fancy Warehousemen, Gentlemen, and Others. for EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YT at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 60 handsome and superior African Skins. Well worthy of the attention of gentlemen, being well adapted for carriages, &e.; Terms Cash. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. At Twelve o'clock. 40 Tons Fine Java Rice. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Y Y at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 40 tons fine Java rice, guaranteed. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. At Twch o o'clock. 3000 Bushels Fine Maize Ninety Days. Entire Corio ex General Jessup. From Timor. To Cornfactors, Contractors, Coach Proprietors, and Others. TIT EASEY and Co. have received instruc Y? . tions, from the importers to SELLbyAUC TION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, The entire cargo ex General Jessup, from Timor, consisting of- . 8,000 bushels 00-day maize. The above is a splendid sample of maize, and in very fine condition, and well deserving the attention of purchasers. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. 300 Casks Ale and Stout To Grocers and Others. TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, If at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 800 casks ale and stout. Terms at Sale TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. 700 Bags Scotch and Irish Oats. More or Less Damaged. To Contractors and Others. "elf EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION YY at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 700 bags Scotch and Irish oats. More or less slightly damaged, And sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. ' At Twelve o'clock. 800 Boxes Belmont Candles. Without Reserve ' To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, "fir EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, BY at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 800 boxes Belmont candles. Guaranteed. No reserve. Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. 800 Bags Mauritius Sugar. Without Reserve. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION WV at their rooms, 33 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 800 WB Mauritius fine counter sugars, To be Sold without the slightest reserve, To close an account. Terms at Sale. _ TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. 80 Cases Ling Fish. In Prime Order. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TIT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, VV at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, s'?"?" i Ex Echunga, 80 cases ling fish, each 1 cwt. Now landing in fine order, Terms at Sale. \- TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. At Twelve o'clock. 26 TOM Fine Patna Rice. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at toeiTrooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, 1st August 23, at eleven o'clock, (a 26 tote fine Patna rice. <r in good condition. J Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. 0 Flasks Quicksilver. To Quartz Crushers and Others. 'W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION ITS at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 28, at twelve o'clock, 0 flasks quicksilver. No Reserve. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. On the Australian Wharf. At Eleven o'clock. 12 Tons Sheet Lead, Assorted Sizes. To Builders, Contractors, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday. August 23, at elovciro'clock, 12 tons Sheet lead, assorted sizes. Now landed, and in very fine order. _ _ Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. On the Australian Wharf. 10,000 Feet English Oak Planks, 1 to 4 Inches. To Cabinetmakers, Timber Merchants, and Others. 'W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION IV won the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 10,000 foot English oak plank, 1 to 4 inches. A picked lot, and landed in nice order. Terms at Sale. UNAVOIDABLY POSTPONED (In consequence of the Goods Not being; Landed UNTIL TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, At Twelve o'clock. Cargo ex Zuid Beveland, from Amsterdam. Oats, Cheese, Hams, Sausages, Geneva, Canary Seeds, Carraway Seeds, I.N.E. Matches, &c.; To Merchants, Wine Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W. EASEY and Co. have received instruc- of tons from Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co" to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday. August 23, at twelve o'clock, The cargo ex Zuld Bovolond, from Amsterdam, comprising 8,000 bags fine feed oats £00 prime hams 900 boxes Gouda cheese 12 cases German sausages 8,000 do key brand geneva 10 barrels carraway seeds 10 do canary do 01 do, each 25 gross, I.N.E. matches 10 rolls sheet lead 200 red wood boards. The attention of the trade is directed to the above sale. The goods are of the best quality, and were selected with great care for the requirements of this market, Terms Liberal. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. On the Australian Wharf. 238,782 Feet Scotch Flooring Boards. 80,100 Do Do, Red Do. Do. 1,701 Primo Deals, 018, Good Lengths. 100 Do Do, 11 x 3, Do Do. 220 Dantzic Logs. I For Positive Sale. To Timber Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 100,860 feet white Scotch T and 6 flooring, 6 x IS 70,612 do do, 6 x f a 01,800 do do, 6 x J 80,100 dered do do, 6 x 12 170 deals, 9 x 3, 9 cuts 200 do do, 4 cuts 70 do do, 3 cuts 1289 do do solid, good lengths 100 do. 11 x 3, do do 220 prime Dantzic logs, do do. The particular attention of the trade is directed to the above parcel of timber, which is now landed, without speck, and in the finest condition of any in the market. Terms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. At the Bonded Stores of Messrs Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., Spencer-street. 19 Casks Plantation Coffee Slightly Damaged. Ex Marion, from Colombo. To Coffee Roasters, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at the bonded stores of Messrs. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., Spencer-street, on Wednesday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, Ex Marion, from Colombo, 10 casks plantation coffee. Very slightly damaged by sea-water, and sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, AUGUST 25. \- I Victoria-parade. On the Ground. Between Hoddle and Islington Streets. Bluestone Chapel, Brick Dwelling, and Hay and Corn Stores. To Gentlemen, Speculators, and Others in search of Property for Investment. Also, Sites for Building Purposes. W. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a on the ground, situate in the Victoria-parade, at the corner of Islington street, and opposite the Church of England School, on Thursday, August 25, at three o'clock liftho afternoon, The whole of that very valuable half-acre block of land, having a frontage of 120 feet to Victoria parade, by a depth or another frontage to Isling- ton-street of 137 feet, more or less, and upon which are erected all those substantial buildings, as follows: Stone building, 35 feet x 15 feet, corner of Islington street, now lot and occupied as an Independent Chapel. Also, A substantial four-roomed brick-built cottage, in good repair, newly papered and plastered, now let to a respectable tenant and hay and corn store, 36 ft. by 17 ft. The remaining portion of land can be readily subdivided and resold for building purposes, sufficient ground being unoccupied for the erection of four or five houses. The property is situate adjoining the promises of Messrs. Roberts and Ferguson's factory, and opposite the Lord Raglan Hotel, and will be sold in one lot, subject to a mortgage of £450. The auctioneers would particularly direct the attention of parties seeking investments, or desirous of obtaining a first-rate situation for a publichouse to the above choice site, being in a daily improving situation, and their instructions are also to offer the same for unreserved sale. Terms liberal. Rose-On the ground, at three o'clock. THIS DAY. Emerald Hill. Emerald Hill. T O. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUCTION, Atlas on the ground, Napier-street, on Monday, August 22, at twelve o'clock precisely, All those excellent building sites, being a subdivisions of Government Lots 20 and 21, of Section 82, Emerald Hill, having frontages of 22 feet to Napier-street, by a depth of 85 foot to a right-of way. , Also, Allotments having 20 feet frontage to Little Park street, by a depth of 70 foot. The property is beautifully situated and in a salubrious locality, lying between Moray and Clarendon streets. < i The terms are llberal.andwill be declared at the time of sale. For further particulars apply at the auctioneers office, 89 Swanston-street. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. Splendid Opportunity for Purchasing Building Sites. close to the Railway Station. 15 Allotments of Land in one of the Healthiest and Most Important Positions in Melbourne. RC. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, InDryburgh-strcot, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock precisely. All those excellent building sites overlooking the Melbourne and Sunbury line of railway, close to the Benevolent Asylum, being subdivisions of Allotments 1 and 8 of Portion W having frontages to Dryburgh, Victoria, and Lothian streets, and Lot 1 of Portion X, and arranged into suitable allotments, which are marked out on the ground. The auctioneer in offering the above valuable property for competition, calls the especial attention of purchasers to its situation, and trusts that no citizen who has an hour to spare will allow the opportunity to pass without walking up and Inspecting the The allotments are on the highest point or that the steel and commanding block or land which bounds the western side of of the Benevolent Asylum Reserve, and from which one of the finest prospects that the country offers to the view can be enjoyed. Numerous other advantages are to be gained by the purchasers of this property for Dryburgh-street, being the continuation of Spencer-street. through to the Flemington-road, must inevitably secure to itself the immense business which always attaches to a large traffic thoroughfare. A new railway station is in course of of erection at the foot of Victoria- street, to which several of the allotments front. This alone is a sufficientparantoo that the property, which must he sold to the highest bidder, is really worth the attention of the public, and therefore should be eagerly sought after. For inspection of the planned for full particulars, apply at the auctioneer's office, 30 Swanston-street. Terms- One-third cash ; balance by bills, three, sit, and nine months', A luncheon will be provided in Mr. Andrews s new buildings, corner of Dryburgh-street. TUESDAY, AUGUST 30. Agricultural Land in the Parish of Derrimut. RC. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUCTION, s at his rooms, 89 Swanston-street, on Tuesday, August 30, at twelve o'clock precisely, 60 acres of fine agricultural land on the main Ballaarat-road, about 6 miles from town, and within 2 miles of the now Derrimut Railway Station, being part of Portion 1 of Section 23, of The land is all fenced, and a never-failing supply of water is close to the property. Title first-class, being only one remove from the Terms half cash,- balance by bill of one month's For further particulars apply at the Auctioneer's Office, 89 Swanston-street THIS DAY. Household Furniture. F nu SALE by AUCTION, in the yard of the City Police Court, on Monday, August 22, at V's Aauan'tity of household furniture. "J , , Season by virtue of warrant of distress Issued Seizes upon rivalry.. court, Melbourne, in the lVa %fwiW> O'REILLY Police Sergeant AE. THIS DAY. Four Allotments, Footscray. TNT KINSMAN has received positive instruc -L i . tons from the owner, in consequence of his leaving the colony, to SELL by AUCTION, at his mart, 8 Moor-street, Collingwood, on Monday, August 22, at three o'clock, Four allotments of land, being Lots 42, 43, 44, 45, Portion of Allotment No. 2, of Section No. 8, having a frontage of 40 feet to Avoca-street by 70 feet deep. Also 40 feet frontage to Castlemaine street by 70 feet deep, abutting on the two first allotments. To be sold without reserve. Sale at three o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood. THIS DAY. At One O'clock. 5 Allotments of Land, Catherine and Church streets, Simpson's-road. N KINSMAN has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the respective grounds, on Monday, August 22, at one o'clock, If' *. having a frontage of 88 foot to Baker-Street, by 100 feet deep. Lot 2. 38 feet frontage to Catherine-street, by 90 foot deep. Also, Lots 3, 4, 6 having a frontage of 33 feottoOhurch-strootby 138 foot deep. This property is situate near the Eureka Hotel, and Lots 1 and 2 near the Albion Store. Sale by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuator, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood. THIS DAY. At Twelve o'clock. Buckingham-street, Richmond. N KINSMAN has received instructions s from the mortgagee, with the consent of the Trustees in the estate of Mr. Griffith, to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Monday, August 22, at twelve o'clock. Lot, All that valuable building allotment, having a frontage of 66 feet to Buckingham-street, by 120 feet deep, and the use of a right-of-way, with a brick house of four rooms, Lot 2. A brick cottage of two rooms with bake-house and stable, Also, A two-roomed brick house of two stories. The land has a frontage of 16 foot to Buckingham street, with a depth of 100 foot, having a frontage of 16 feet to Buckingham-place. The property is situated off Church-street, nearly opposite Mr. Rule's nursery. Solo at twelve o'clock. N. Kinsman, auctioneer, 8 Moor-street, Collingwood TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. Land, Weston-street, Brunswick. At Twelve o'clock. "ICT KINSMAN has received instructions to _M| a SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, An allotment of land, having a frontage of 60 foot to WestOn-street, by 186 feet deep. The land is well situated at the east of Weston street on the north side, nearly opposite Mr. Willis quarry. Sale at twelve o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. ' N KINSMAN has received instructions from Mrs D. Smith to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on Wednesday, August 24, All that valuable allotment of land having a front age of 60 feet to Emerald-street, by a depth 100 feet, having a double frontage of 66 feet to Bond-street, on which are erected two weather- board houses (one quite new of two rooms each, with gordon, containing choice vines and fruit trees. This property will be sold in one lot, or subdivided into two allotments of 66 feet each to Eme- Gold-street, by 50 feet deep, with a two-roomed house on each and two allotments of 25 feet 6 Inches to Bond-street, by 50 foot deep, with right-of- way 0 foot wide For positive sale at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman auctioneer and valuer, 8 Moor-street, Collingwood. TUESDAY, AUGUST; To Builders and Plumbers. CA. DAVID is favoured with instructions to SELL, at his rooms, 80 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, 10 tons zinc, Nos. 9 and 16, damaged 5 do corrugated iron, 20 and 23 gauges. 7 do sheet lead. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. In consequence of the Departure of the Mall. To Boot and Shoe Makers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and i Others. Important and Unreserved Solo or 150 Trunks Seasonable Boots and Shoes. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, August 22, at twelve o'clock, 160 trunks seasonable boots and shoes, comprising Men's wellingtons Do calf elastic side springs Do button boots Do patent balmorals Do do Oxonians Do cloth gaiters Ladies' cashmere boots, spring sides Do do patent fronts, military heels Do kid boots, elastic sides Do calf seamless boots Do bronze morocco boots, elastic sides Do calf and patent balmorals Gentlemen's Cambridge shoes Do best cloth gaiters Do kid potent oxonian Do kid button boots Do come button boots Do balmorals Do patent calf balmorals Men's patent hide, spring sides ' Do calf half boots, spring sides Do military bluchers. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. To Printers, Stationers, and Others. l Ink, Ink, Ink. > SYMONS and" PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 60 drums black machine printing ink, 50lb, each 5 casks black posting do, 1901. 27 tins do do, 121. 48 do fine block do, for book-work, 12th. and 24th. each, Also, An assortment of coloured do red, blue, green, and brown. Terms at Sale TUESDAY. AUGUST 28. 60 Crates Earthenware. Now Landing. To Earthenware Dealers, Storekeepers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, August 28, at twelve o'clock, 0 crates bowls and saucers, neutral, aquatic, Dresden unique, F. green, Chantilly, c. 4 do bowls and saucers, blue Chantilly, brown crystal, Sussex Brosloy, &a.; 8 do bowls and printed assorted 2 do breakfast sets complete, F. blue, Henry and unique trellis 2 do dinner sets, French unique, trellis, Etruscan, Cambridge, via 2 do plates, soups, twisters and muffins 2 do soup tureens, cover dishes, salads, cheese stands, drainers, gravies, &e; 0 do toilet sets; sizes 5 do ewers and basins, chambers, etc, 8 do porter mugs and jugs 14 do flat plates, soup plates, bakers, muffins, tureens, bakers, dishers, covor-dishors, cheese stands, &c.; Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Publicans!, and Others. 2,000 Cases Brandy. 60 Hogsheads Do. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC O TION, at their mart, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 24, at twelve o'clock, 2,000 cases fine French brandy 50 hhds do do. Terms at Sale _ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. To Close Consignments. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL byAUO 3 TION, at their mart, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 24 at twelve o'clock, Without reserve, 0 bales Bavarian hops < 14 pockets Kent do ' 10 boxes Price's night lights, each 4 dozen 2 cases eau de cologne, wicker pints, genuine, first quality 2 hhds. vinegar 1 quarter do 1 octavo do 3 damaged clocks. Terms at Sale. glass WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. To Grocers, Coffcodealcrs, and Others. Ceylon Coffee. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 24, at twelve o'clock, 8 tons Ceylon coffee Terms at Sale _ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. SordlncB. Sardines. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 24, at twelve o'clock. 16 cases, each 240 or boxes, sardines 2 do, each 100 half do do 50 do, each 100 qr. do do 50 do, each 100 half do do 14 do, each 200 qr, do do. 2 , Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. To Cornfactors, Llvorystablo-Kecpcrs, and Others. v. Oats and Flour. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wed needy, August 24, at twelve o'clock, ... 2,000 bags and cases black oats, each 4 bushels 700 do Hayes's oats, each 21 bushels 100 do colonial do, each 83 do 12 do flour (5 do bran. WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 14. Important Sale of Valuable Suburban Properties and Country Lands, in the Parishes of Jika Jika Moorabbin, Carisbrook, and Brighton. \- By Order of the Mortgagees. Without Reserve. Ci SYMONS and PERRY are instructed to SELL k by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Wednesday, August 31, at twelve o'clock, The undermentioned valuable properties : Firstly, All thatplecoorparcol of land situate, lying, and being in the parish of Moorabbin, in the county of Bourke, in the colony of Victoria, -being part of Dendy's special survey of E,120 acres, now known as the Brighton Estate, and being Lots Nos. 28, 24, 25, 26, 27, and 23 on the plan of subdivision of the Block No. 5 of the subdivision of the said Brighton Estate, and bounded on the north by a road of 1 chain wide, bearing westerly 870 feet 6 inches, more or less ; then on the west by a street of 66 feet wide, reserved out of said Block 6, and called Sussex Street, bearing south 156 feet ; then on the south by a lane or way of 10 foot wide, also reserved out of the said allotment, being a line hearing east 105 feet ; then again on the west by the end of the said right-of-way, being a line bearing south 10 foot ; then again on the south by Lot No. 22 of the Bald block, being a line bearing east 188 foot, and on the cost by a road of 1 chain-wide, called the Melbourne-road, bearing north 70 foot, home to the commencing point. Secondly, All that piece or parcel of land in the said colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement 160 acres, be the same more or less, situate in the county of Talbot, parish of Carisbrook, Portion 20, bounded i on the north by a line bearing west 40 chains ; on I the west by Portion 86 and the termination of a road 1 chain wide, bearing south 30 chains on the south by Portion 27, bearing east 40 chains; and on the east by part of Portion 82, bearing north 89 chains, being the land put up to sale by auction as Lot 21, in pursuance of the proclamation of the 12th day of January, 1858, and subsequently selected by one William Redmond Belcher, under the 11th paragraph of the regulations of the 1st day of March, 1843. Thirdly, All that piece or parcel of land situate in the parish of Moorabbin, in the county of Bourke, In the colony of Victoria, being part of Henry Dendy's special survey of 5120 acres, now known as the Brighton Estate, and being Lots 166 and 156 on the plan of subdivision of Block No. 5 of the Brighton Estate, commencing at the south-west corner of the said Lot No. 125, at the junction of a reserved street of 60 feet wide with the Government reserve fronting Hobson's Bay, bounded on the west by the said reserve in a line bearing north from said conunonclng-point 76 feet on the north by other part of the said special survey lately agreed to be purchased by the said Albert Read, in a line at right angles to the last line, bearing east 102 foot on the east by a certain reserved street 60 feet wide, called Victoria-street, in a line at right angles to the lost line bearing south 130 feet, and on the south by Wellington-street aforesaid, in a line bearing north-westerly 207 feet, home to the commencing point. Fourthly, All that piece or parcel of land situate in the parish of Moorabbin, in the county of Bourke, In the colony of Victoria, being part of Henry Dendy's special survey of 2,120 acres, now known as the Brighton Estate, and being Lots 157 and 158 on the plan of subdivision of Block No. 5 of the Brighton Estate, commencing on the western boundary line of Bald block at a point distant 75 feet north from the south-western corner of Slid block, thence by a line bearing further north 89 feet, from thence in a line at right angles to the last Uno bearing east 102 foot to Victoria-street, then in a line at right angles along the western side of Victoria-street 80 foot, and from thence at right angles to the starting-point 192 foot, being bounded on the south by Lot 160, the property of the said Albert Road. Fifthly, All that piece or parcel of land in the colony of Victoria, containing by admeasurement 1 acre, be the same more or less, situate in the county of Bourke, parish of Jika Jika, being port of Portion 124 of the said parish, and comprising Lot No. 30 on the original plan of subdivision of the said portion, bounded on the west commencing at a point on the southern boundary line of the said portion distant 66 feet 2 inches east from the south-west corner thereof, by a street 40 feet wide, reserved through the said portion, and called De Carle-street, bearing north 114 feet; on the north by other part of Bald portion, being Lot 38 on said plan of subdivision, by a line bearing east 810 feet 9 inches on the east by part of Lot No. 43 on the said plan being a line bearing south 114 feet and on the south by part of Portion 147 of the said parish, being a line bearing west 310 foot 6 inches, to the point of commencement. Sixthly, All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 of the said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 34 to 10-1, both inclusive, on the plan of subdivision, by the said Robert Willan, of Lots 65,00, 07, and 63, Of the original plan of subdivision of the said portion, commencing on the northern boundary line of the said portion at a point distant 12, 107 foot 2 inches east from the north-west comer thereof, bounded on the north by part of Portion 127 of the said parish, bearing east 113 feet 6 inches on the east by a street 80 feet wide, called Victoria street, reserved by the said Robert Willan, bearing south 483 foot on the south by other part of Bald Portion 124, bearing west 113 feet 6 inches and on the west also by other part of the said Por- tion 124, bearing north 483 foot, to the continent nine-point. Seventhly. All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 in the said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 74 to 81, both Inclusive, on the said plan of subdivision by the said R. Willan, commencing on the northern boundary line of the said portion at a point distant 2,250 feet 8 inches cast from the north-west corner thereof, bounded on the north by part of the said Portion 127, bearing east 14 feet on the cost by a street 80 feet wide called La Trobe-street, reserved by the said R Willan, bearing south 114 feet on the south by other part of said Portion 124, bearing west 111 foot and on the west by Victoria-street aforesaid, bearing north 114 feet, to the commencing point. Eighthly, All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other part of Portion 124 of said parish of Jika Jika, and comprising Lots 53 to 58, both inclusive, on said plan of subdivision by the said R. Willan, commencing on the northern boundary line of said portion at a point distant 2,301 feet 8 inches cast from the north-west corner thereof, bounded on the west by La Trobe-street aforesaid, bearing south 131 feet on the south by other part of said portion bearing east 111 foot on the east by a street 30 feet wide, called Albert-street, reserved by the said R. Willan, bearing north 384 feet, and on the north by part of said Portion 127, bearing west 111 foot, to the commencing point. Ninthly, All that other piece or parcel of landlnthosaid colony, being other part of Portion 124 of the said parish of Jika Jika, comprising Lots 47, 48, and 49 on the said plan of subdivision by the said R. Willan, commencing on the east side of La Trobe street aforesaid, at a point distant 207 feet south from the last-mentioned point on the northern boundary line of the said portion bounded on the west by La Trobe-street aforesaid, bearing further south 60 feet on the south by other part of the said portion bearing east 14 feet, on the east by Albert-street aforesaid bearing north 10 foot, and on the north also by other part of the said portion bearing west 26 feet, to the commencing point. Tonthly. All thatcher piece or parcel of land in the said colony being other part of Portion 124 of the said parish, comprising Lots 82, 83, 84, and 85 on the said plan of subdivision by the said R. Willan, commencing on the northern boundary line of the said portion at a point distant 2,682 foot 8 inches cast from the north-west corner thereof ; bounded on the west by Albert-street aforesaid, bearing south 92 foot on the south by other part of the said portion bearing east 15 foot 6 inches on the east OIBO by other part of the said portion bearing north 92 feet and on the north by part of said Portion 127, bearing west 113 feet 6 inches, to the commonclng- polnt. > ' Elovcnthly, All that other piece or parcel of land in the said colony, being other port of Portion 124 of the Bold parish, and comprising Lots 24 to 30, both inclusive, on the said plan of subdivision by the said R. Willan, commencing on the east side of ot Albert-street aforesaid at a point distant 116 feet south from the lastmentioned point on the northern boundary line of the said portion ; bounded on the west by Albert-street aforesaid, bearing south 40 feet on the south by other part of the said portion bearing east 15 foot 6 inches on the east by other part of the said portion bearing west 113 feet 6 inches, to the commencing point. Together with, All and sundry the various buildings, messuages, and tenements erected and built thereon, Of which Further particulars may be obtained on application to Winfield Attenborough, Esq., solicitor, Collins street, or at the offices of the auctioneers. Terms at Sale. FOR PRIVATE SALE. To Persons on the Look-out for First-class Property. SYMONS and PERRY have received in structions from the proprietor to SELL by PRIVATE CONTRACT, 2 two-storied stone and brick houses, situated in Nicholson-street, opposite Carlton-gardens, one house containing seven rooms, the other six rooms, of convenient BRO, standing on a piece of ground having a frontage of 40 feet to Nicholson street by a depth of 180 feet to a right-of- way. Title, first-rate. A portion of the purchase-money can remain on mortgage at 8 per cent, per annum. THIS DAY. Melbourne Sale-yards, 29 Bourke-street west. Heavy and Light Harness Horses, and Hackneys. To Gentlemen, Farmers, Dealers, and Others. WJ. LOTHERINGTON will SELL by AUCTION, at Hawley and Co.'s yards, 20 Bourke-street west, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 0 first-class carriage horses 8 Blanch draught do O medium do , 5 good hacks. Also, Spring-carts and harness. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. Melbourne Sale-yards, M Bourke-street west. are working Bullocks. \- To Gentlemen, Farmers, and Others. "Vrr J LOTHERINGTON will SELL by W " AUCTION, at Hawley and Co.'s yards, 29 Bourke-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, i 1,1 Cl 2 teams of six well-bred working bullocks. in good condition, with gear and dray complete. I THIS DAY A For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. f LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION. Ja at their mart. Bourke-street, on Monday. August 22, at eleven o'clock, - - The following goods, Damaged by sea water, Ex Linda, OF pieces Mong and Co.'s white-ground brilliants 18 do do brilliants 27 do do organdie. All more or less damaged by seawater. Terms Cash. THIS DAY To Clothiers, Drapers, SlopBollors, and Others. Final Clearing Solo of 62 Packages of Assorted Goods. For Positive and Unreserved Sale. By Order of the Importers. J LYONS and Co. are favoured with in.' s structions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart (the New Commercial Sales Room, Bourke-street), on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, The following choice invoice of goods, for unreserved sale, viz. Cases of Moleskin, doo, and cloth trousers Superior sacs And Black cloth coats and vests American pea and pilot jackets Superior shcphoritf-plafd and other suits Gentlemen's French felt hats and French caps Panama and cabbagetree hats Silk handkerchiefs and assorted bandannas Indiarubber braces and assorted belts Scotch twilled and linen-fronted Sout's shirts. After which, A general assortment of ladies' stays, hosiery, bindings, flannels, brilliant, haberdashery. &c.; Terms at Sale TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. " Pawnbrokers' Sale J LYONS and Co. are instructed by Messrs. al E S. and J. Levy, licensed pawnbrokers, 8 Little Bourke-street, to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-street, on Tuesday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, The following unredeemed pledges : Gold and silver English lover and geneva watches, diamond rings, ladles' rings, gold albert and guard chains, guns, pistols. Terms Cash. ~ WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. ~ flowered Clearing-out Solo of Assorted Merchandise By Order of the Proprietor. T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at a at their mart, Bourke-street, on Wednesday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, The following goods for positive and unreserved sale, viz. : 20 trunks of assorted seasonable boots and shoes, consisting of Wellingtons, bluchers, Oxonians, ladies' boots and shoes, children's do do 6 cases of assorted lamp glasses and globes 6 do assorted brushware 10 cases, each 12 jars, coachmakers' varnish 20 pairs very elegant silver mounted carriage lamps 10 dozen assorted wire dish covers 2 dozen plated spurs 00 cases assorted pipes, each 5 gross 10 casks, each 1 cut., English horseshoe?. 13 After which, A general assortment of ironmongery, tinware, watering and basins, carpenters furniture, to. a Terms- Cash. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. ~ On Account of Whom it May Concern. 150 Cases Byass's Ale. 160 Do. Do. Stout. All Faults. Now Label. Ex Hotspur. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. have received no instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 100 cases Byass's ale 160 do do stout. All faults. Now label. Ex Hotspur, And sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. ' Wines, Spirits, Liqueurs, Ale, c, To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday August 23, at twelve o'clock, 10 hhds. and 20 quarter-casks Uno pale sherry 10 hhds. port wine 200 cases claret 60 do champagne, Villamont 60 do port wine, each 1 dozen 200 half-cases geneva 160 casks Tooth's ale Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23. , To Wholesale Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others, WM. TENNENT and Co. have received a instructions to SELL by AUDI TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, 100 casks Byass's ale, each 3 dozen. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. To Grocers, and the Trade 1,100 Bags Mauritius Crystals, Fine Counter, and Ration Sugars, TIT M. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by W a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 24, at twelve o'clock precisely, 170 bags ration sugar 360 do good yellow counter 100 do do do do 400 do fine white crystals (the best sample in the market). Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. 600 Bags No. 1 Sankey Vacuum Pan Sugar, each lost. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, for M TENNENT and Co. have received YY a Instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 24, at twelve o'clock, 500 bags No. 1 Sankey vacuum pan sugar, each least. Just landed. Terms at sale This sugar is made in England by the manager or the Cossipore Works in Calcutta, and indeed if a branch of that concern. The quality is known to the trade as being superior to No, 1 Cossipore WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. To Grocers and Storekeepers. Patras Currants, Salad Oil, White Pepper, &o.; WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their- rooms, on Wednesday, August 24, at twelve o'clock precisely, 6 tons fine Patras currants, in boxes and casks ; new fruit, In splendid condition 20 cases half-pint salad oils (Crosse and Black well's) 20 bags, least. each, white pepper 10 boxes Colman's blue, each 601. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24. 00 Cases Ling Fish. 80 Firkins White Herrings. 14 Cases Do Do. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. will SELL by a AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, August 24, at twelve o'clock, GO cases ling fish, each 1 cwt. 80 firkins fine white herrings 14 cases do 100 bags Scotch oats. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. At Eleven o'clock. At Lloyd's Rooms, Collins-street west. To Stationers, Booksellers, Architects, Fancy Warehousemen, and Others. To Close Accounts. A. COFFEY is favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, Kins-street west, on Tuesday, August 28, at eleven o'clock, letter and note paper Mitchell's Pens Envelopes Cash books, journals, and ledgers Pocket Ledgers Memorandum books Continuous drawing paper Tracing-paper Do vellum cloth Water colours Mathematical Instruments Drawing pencils Baxter's oil prints, They '. 2 cases playing-cards Blotting paper Foolscap do. Without reserve Catalogues to be had on application to the notice tioncor. - _ TUESDAY, AUGUST 28, At Twelve o'clock, At Lloyd's Rooms, Collins street west. clipper-built schooner SOUVENIR, , Admirably adapted for the South Sea Islands, Warrnambool, Portland Bay, Circular Head, or general Intercolonial Trade. BA. COFFEY has been favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at his Rooms, Collins-street west, on Tuesday, August 23, at twelve o'olock, The colonial-built schooner SOUVENIR, 65 tons register, 100 tons burthen, copper-fastened and sheathed with Muntz heavy metal. Her timbers, planking, knows, we" are all of the best colonial timber. She was built to order at Launceston by Mr. R. G. Gibbons, and finished by him in a manner that for strength, durability, and material will bear favourable comparison with any vessel in the port. Her masts, sails, rigging, tus., are all in excellent sea- going order. She draws when loaded 8 feet 6 inches, and sails very fast. Her dimensions are- It Length 64 feet 7 tenths. ' Beauty 2 " Depths " 8, The auctioneer solicits an inspection of oils vessel by parties engaged in any of the above-mentioned places, and feels certain that a more suitable vessel could not be selected then the one now orroroo. The cub reason for her present owners disposing of her is that their trade has so increased as to require a large vessel. " " Terms at Sale, A day, I PRELIMINARY NOTICE. '" "^ I \- Cprtofir-out Sale of Boots and me. To the Trade of MolbcimÄloÄ G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTTryvn is, in his rooms, Collins street? onions ' A large assortment or boots and his <" , ' consignments. a 8n00s> to close Full particulars in future advertisements. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. To Paperhangers and Others. Sale of 20 Bales Paper haS. Just Landed ex Hotspur AG. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION cay, * his rooms' Colllll^trcot,y on af of SA v , , Ex Hotspur, 20 bales paperhangings. , Just landed. Full particulars in future advertisements. ,_TonnsatSalo, THIS DAY To Shlpchandlors, Shipmasters, and Others 100 Barrels Pitch. 2 AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION' in his rooms, Collins-street T M,T".YJ August 22, at eleven o'clock, ' n Mon%, 100 barrels pitch. in good condition. TonnsatSalo. THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Dealers, and Others 540 Dozen pick-handles 2 Cases Broom heads. 1 Day's Patent Scales. A G. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION says I? 'I's, room"- Collins-street? on Monday' August 22, at eleven o'clock, Jnonuaj, as 640 dozen pick-handles 2 cases broom heads 500 broom-handle 1 Day's patent platform scales, 7 cwt. camels" SOO sheets galvanised iron, 8-inch portion " To be sold to close accounts. _ Without Reserve. THIS DAY. Sale of Groceries and Provisions AG. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION J? ll,l\">°°">. Collins-street, on Monday' 1st 22. at eleven o'clock. ' Tramway. August 22, at eleven o'clock, Groceries Provisions Oilmen's stores, &a.; Terms at Sale, THIS DAY. To Shlpchandloraand Others, AG. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION as In his. rooms Collins-street, on Monday' 1st 22, at eleven o'clock, J* An invoice of tarred rope. assorted sizes. No Reserve THIS DAY. To Wine and Spirit Merchants. 200 Cases Tooth's Ale. 10 Hhds. Bulk Ale AG. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday August 22, at eleven o'olock, 200 cases Tooth's ale, each 3 dozen 10 hhds, bulk ale. All guaranteed. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 27 Cases Cheddar Cheese 85 Fbklns Butter. 20 Bags Sugar, Ac. G. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION in his rooms, Collins street, on Monday August 22, at eleven o'clock, ' 85 Arkins D. R. Cork butter 27 cases Cheddar cheese, each case 2 cheeses 10 cases North "Wilts do 20 bags counter sugar 170 loose York hams. Terms and Further Particulars at Sale. THIS DAY. GO Cases Mixed Pickles. 60 Boxes Candles. 30 Dozen Rod Cabbage G. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION,' in his rooms, Collins street, on Monday, effigy An August 22, at eleven o'clock, 50 boxes sperm candles 60 cases mixed pickles 80 dozen red cabbage 15 bags arrowroot. All guaranteed. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. To Go beers and Others. 40 barrels Currants. 30 Cases Do. 46\. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION,' in his rooms, Collins street, on Monday, ist 22, at eleven o'clock, "30 cases cure ants 40 barrels do. Recently landed in the best order and condition, Terms at Sale THIS DAY. To Cornfactors and Livery stable Proprietors. 200 Bags Prime Danish Oats. 100 Do Sound Scotch Do. A G. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION,' jelly in his rooms, Collins street, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, COO bushels Danish oats dOO do Scotch do. All guaranteed. Terms Under £100, cash; at and above that amount, approved acceptances at three months' dates THIS DAY. 10 Hhds. Qroon's Brown Starch. AG. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION, a In his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o clock, 10 hhds. Green's brown starch. Guaranteed. Terms Cash. _ THIS DAY. 50 Barrels Extra Mess Beef. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, of a 1" his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 60 barrels extra mess beef, A guaranteed parcel. Terms, Liberal. THIS DAY 20 Bags Coffee. Duty Paid. 43\. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION,' in his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, ist 22, at eleven o'clock, "20 bags coffee. Duty Paid. To be sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Without Reserve THIS DAY. 3 Bales Door Mats. 20 Rolls Coir Matting. AG. M'COMBB will SELL by AUCTION,' 0 in his rooms, Colllns-street, on Monday, August 22, at eleven o'clock, 3 bales door mats, assorted sizes and colours THIS DAY. 2 Tons Scotch Oatmeal. 46\. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION,' in his rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, 1st 22, at eleven o'clock, "20 barrels oatmeal, each 2 cwt. The remnant of a shipment. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. Unrcscned Solo of Household Furniture 102 Smith-street, Collingwood. T BELLIN has been instructed to SELL by 1 - AUCTION, on the premises, 102 Smith street, Collingwood, on Monday, August 22, at one o'clock, A lot of household furniture, consisting of Iron bedstead, mattresses palliasses, child's cot, 2 chests drawers, Hitor, chairs, sofa, floor- cloth, table, washstand and service, books, kitchen Utensils, to., No reserve , J Bellin, auctioneer and money broker, Fitzroy Auction Mart, 00 Gertrude street, Collingwood. TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23 and 24 Unreserved Sale of Guns, Pistols, Clocks, Watches, Musical Instruments, DresSing Cases, Books, se. J BELLIN has been instructed by Mr. Ninnis to SELL by AUCTION, at the Fitzroy Auction Mart, 60 Gertrude-street, on Tuesday and Wednes. day, August 23 and 24, at one o'clock,. in . Guns, pistols, flutinas, accordions, and other music cal instruments charts, clocks watches, scales and weights, gold do. writing- desks, dressing-. c^es.work-bSxes, out, pocket and back combs, pictures, dolls, telescopes, quadrants, sextons And A lot of miscellaneous goods. The books comprise- """Train., Dictionaries, cyclopedia, ,ß«z°te°T'vc?Te0nrte ries, 80 volumes Punch, time-book works on theology, history, biography, se"e.s geography, navigation, poetry ; Chombcrs'S Sournois, Household Words, maize, to. The whole of which have been removed to me 1 its roy Auction Mart for convenience of sale Terms cash. Observe Sale Tuesday and Wednesday next, coin menacing each day at one o'clock. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 18 Cases English Furniture A well-assorted invoices. Ex Saracen. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by AUCTION, at their ,7rS',,,tenvT' an early day, due notice of which will be given, 18 cases of English furniture. Ex Saracen. FRIDAY, AUGUST 20. To Dealers and Others. Immigrants'Boxes. T> EAUOH AMP BROTHERS will SELL b? H AUCTION, at their rooms, Queen-street, on, Friday, August 20, at eleven o'clock, _.__,,-"«I The remainder of the boxes from the Immigration s Aid Society. ., By order of the Committee. , Removed for convenience or Bale. 2 Without Reserve 