[Br Klecjeic Xnixmra.] CAPE OTWAV., "Soy U-£L0 pjn: Wind, SJE, lighi, ^feather Cue j J5.th: a.ni - I hag, palmed green, inward l»oun<3; wind, E-, light, weaUier JL10: £olch»t£r, fans, from Adelaide, ?> days our 12.0 nooa: WittdEiLE- light, weather fine -tSOpja* I brig in «ght iuwanl hound 0,0; Wind ESJL light, wither cloudy. BREACH OF THE VLvzxgzh REGULATIONS. On Monday, C. Ji. Kobii. master of the Danish "barque P. C. Kind), appeared at tlie Williainstown I Police Court, before Lieutenant Crawford, Puis., police magistrate, to answer cZuige* preferred by Jtfr Broad, asatant immigration officer, for having ! on arrival in this port, thirty-two passengers in ; . excess of what is permitted by the aet The j ioister pleaded ignorance of thp set, but was lined I 203 for each case and costs of ci' art-Aye. | VESSELS OF WAS OX THE CHIXA STATION. There are at present (August) 39 British vessels g{irar on the Chinese station. Of these, IS are gunboats, 14 of them carrying two guns each. 2 three guns, I four gurw, and 1 six gun*. There are 11 steamers, the smallest carrying sis guns, and the largest 21 guns. There are two frigates, cne of them (a surveying vessel) carrying 26guns, the other 44 guns. There are three sloops, one carrying as, the other 12, and another 1G guns. "There are three used for special purposes*-oue as ainilitanr hospital, one as a seaman's hospital, and one as a storeslup. Then?1 are two Fleamex despatch boats. The French have 25 vessels of. war-on the station.. Amongst these there are three frigates, two carrying 40 guns each, and oue carrying 50 guns. They have steamers, the smallest carrying six guns. ;ind the largest 12 guns. They have «k guuboats, earrying gene rally six guns eaeh. The United States have five .vessels of war on the station, one of them (a sur veying schooner) carrying 10 gun?, one (a sloop) carrying 20 guu.% and three earners canying 0. S, and JC gun.? respectively. The Portuguese lave two vessels of war. oue canying six, the .other 20 guns. The Dutch have oue vessel of war fa steamer), carrying 1ft gun*.-Strait* Times. 