PBELIMIHARY NOTIOK. Ia the Estate of F. B. Wallon and Son. By order of the Officiai Araignée. II. 8. Shaw, Ea<l. m Magnificent Freehold Property, Ia Albert-Btreet, Fltsroj -square. Also, ', - Rich Agricultural Fivriu, Part ol the colobiated Morolaud Estate, situate near the Moonee Pond«, about 5 milos froia Molbourno. Te Agriculturist«, Marketgardcuers, Speculators, aal M. TENNENT and Co. havo rooalval w« . instructions from H. S. Shaw, Esq. Offlolal Aislffn'o in tho estate of F.R. Wallen and Son, te, BELL by AUCTION, at thoir room?, on an early day. due notice of which will bo given, , _ti '[? . A portion of the oolobratod Moreland Estate, sltuMO, about 6 miles from Melbourne, comprising 85 ncroi, more or lesB, of rich fertile land. :. Also, i A iplcndldly situated allotment iu Albert street, Fitr.roy-s.quaro, admirably adapted for tho orea tion of first-class residences. . Full particulars, with day or «alo, will appoar Buc-ttly. Titles guaranteed. Terms, Liber»!, at Sale. . l , *~ PRELIMINARY NOTICE ~ Silä or Magnificent Suburbmi Allotuiont, coralatln«; of Acres 2 Roods 11 Porcho», In the Oholoost Part of St. Kilda, floing Allotment 157 D, Parish of Prahran. By Ordor of tho Mortgagee. , ' To Gentlemen Inquost of Sitos for Prívalo Rcstdoac», Speculators, and Other«. 'TOT M. TENNENT and Oo. will SELL by W a AUOTION, at thoir room«, on au early d»y, diouotlco of which will bs given, By order of the mortgagee, All that most dcslrablo and bcautifiilly-situitil portion of land at St. Kilda, boin* allotmont 157 B, pariah of Prahran, and containing by ad- measurement i acres 2 roods 11 perches, as per Government plan. This magnificent proporty has a fronta¡¡0 to two Government roads, is sltusto in about the ha« pa- ssion In this favorite locality,, and arijoiuathere« donoo of Archibald Mlohlo, KBCI., and otlior«, The auctioneer« beg to call the attention of gontls nion in search of sites forrosldonco to this sals, as this I« tho only allotment offering- iu UtU moil ra. Rpertoblo and fast-rising neighborhood. J Tho title Is a Crown grant. Terms, liberal, at salo. plans of tho proporty m»y bo seen at tho noon or tho auctioneer«.___ ' THIS DAY. 104 Bags Patna Rico, In 1 owl. bag». All fault«. "TOT M. TENNENT and Oo. will 8EBL by T» . AUOTION, al thoir rooim, Collins-str»»t, oo Monday, January 24, at 12 o'clock, 101 bags Patna rice, In 1 cwt. bags All faults. Ott account of whom It iu ay concora. No reservo. ^_Terms-Catii. THIS DAY. Damaged Lines. Ex Julia. On account and rlik ol tho first purchaser. M. TENNENT and Oo. will SELL b j AUOTION, at thoir roon», C'alllns-straet on Monday, January 24, at 12 o'clock, A quantity of damaged lines. On account and risk of tho ural purchater. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. Entlro Cargo of tho Leopard, From Mauritius, Cou ulina: of 8,818 hsg9 Sugar, of qualities ranging; from Bright Yellow Grocery to really First-class Counter and fino Wulto Small- grained Crystals. , To the Merchants and Grocora of Holbr/urna, Goolong, Rillutvrat, Sandhurst, Caatlomaine, Beechworth, &c.; i .«T M. TENNENT and Oo. havo racolred TT . instructions from the importers, Morara. Dennistoun Brothers and Co., to SELL by AUOCION, ' at their rooms, Gollini-strcot, on Monday, January 21, at 12 o'clock, < ' ? The ontlro cargo of the Leopard, from Mauritius, consisting of Beau Rivage-«17 bsgs Bollo Etoilo-1,283 do Mon Bepos-160 do Do-226 do Bollo Yuo-117 do Foudre d'Or-768 do , Ktollo-100 do Union-77 do La Oarollno-65 do Do-WS do Mon Ropos-63 do i Do-188 do Boll Vuo-112 do , Bounion-58 do. , Walmar-85 do.. Total, 8,813 bag) Mauritius sugar. Tue qualities of this remarkably woll-aaiortotl IltU» cargo range from bright yellow grocery to really first class counter, and fine white «mall-grained crystal«. Samples from bulk may be seen at our roora». Arrangements aro made to oomplata tho discharge) of sole vossel at the) Railway Jetty prior to tho day e>C rut«, eo that the wholo cargo will be sorted and road/ for delivery from the Ballway premiso« lu Flinders Btceot mmodlatoly upon tbo fall of the hauiuior. _Term», Liberal, at Sale. _ I ' THIS DAY. ''" I Ex Golconda. j M. TENNENT and Oo. will SELL by AUOTION, at the Railway Whirf, on Moa ay, January 21, at 11 o'elock, W H.K.-1,800 yollow battoni,7 x8 and 7 xVr, roru 13 to 24 feet long. Also, Ex Emma, 61 logs fir timber, assorted sizes and longlln. Terms at Sale. w, THI8 DAY. 22 Oases French Butter, In tins. WM. TENNENT and Co. havo received t> instructions to SELL by AUOTION, at their room«, Collins-street, on Monday, January 24, at 12 o'clock, 22 cases French butter, In tins of from 2Mb. to 11 Jib. each. Term« at Salo._ ' TUESDAY, JANUARY 26. ~~~ Vino Agricultural Land. Parish of Derrimut, situated on tho Main Ballaarat-road. To Agriculturist«, Speculators, and Otliors. "TOT M. TENNENT and Ob. havo received T T . instruction« from Thomas Whyte, Esq., toe SELL by AUOTION, at thoir rooms, on Tuoiday, January 2fi, at 12 o'cloek, f ho following first-clan agricultural land : Loti, Containing 11 acres 8 roods and 84 perches, situate at the junction or the Ballaarat and a Government road. Lot 2, Situate almost Immediately opposite Lot 1, con- tain« 0 acres 1 rood l8 porches. Lot 8. Ha« n frontage to a Governuiont road, I chain wido, and contains 8 acres, 1 rood, and 8» potchon. Lot 4. Bituato at the intersection of tho main Ballaarat and Buninyong road, of 8 chains wido. Isa moat eligible site for an hotel. The above property, part of portions 6 and 8 soctloa 20, fronts tho great 8-chain main Ballaarat-road, I* situate about 16 miles from Molbourno, and 7 milos lrom tho important Uwn of Melton. The land Is of a rich agricultural coll, well graaaoil, and abundance of wator may bs always obtained rain tbo Kororoit Crook. Title guaranteed. Terms, Liberal, at Salo. TUKSDAY, JANUARY 26. On tho Promises of Charles William Stuart, or Prahran. _ Houiobolel Furnituro and Effects. TOT M. TENNENT and Oo. havo recalvecl T» . instructions from Alex. Laing, Esq., Official Arsfoueo, to SELL by AUOTION, on the promises of 0\. W. 8tuart, Grovlllo-Btreot, Prahran, on TuoaxUy. January 26, at 11 o'clock, " A quantity of household furnituro and clfeict« ia tu» »novo estate, consisting of Zola, mahogany tables - Chairs, csrjiols, hearth rugs Work-tables Hedstood and bedding ) WaBhatand and drosBlng-tables Looking-glasses, And Various appurtenances. Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20. 1,500 Cask» (more or loss) J. and R. Tonnont'a (of Well Park, Glasgow) celebrated Ale and Porter, Star Brand. Io Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeeper», Doalers. _ and Others. "TOT M. TENNENT and Oo. havo received T7 . instructions from Monro. Dennistoun Brothers aud Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their room«, Oolllni-atreot, on Wodnoiday, Jauuary 4a. at 12 o clock, ' 1,600 casks (mor« or loss) J. and B. Toaneul'e (of well Park, Glasgow) eolobrated alo and porter. lae attention of lite trado Is called particularly te» ' Thn m,lei*iiT- hi5HI,Ull,nr080rT£d't0 <!lo«ooonslgnm5nt«. The quality of the Mesar». Tonnent'» brew Is too woll ¡.uowu to neod oomment. _Terras, Llboral, at Balo. _ WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20. "~ * " " 60 T'ore«« Suporlor Plantation CofTeo. To Co« oo roaster«, Grooer«, Btorokcopere, and Other«. EM. TENNENT and Co. havo received frt¿"'?u£"?n" ,rom "" Importors to SELL by ION, at their room«, Collins- itrcet, on Wouuo». elay. Jautiary 20, at 12 o'clock, CO tierce« plantation coffee. Term* at Sale. WEDNESDAY, JANUARYïô: 680 Bags Mauritius Sugar. To Merchants, Qroocr«, and Others. WM. TENNENT and Co. havo recolved . instructions from the Importers to SELL bj A 0CT1ON, at thoir room«, Colllni-stroot, on Wednoi tlay, January 26, at 12 o'clock, 680 bags Mauritius sugar. 'So bo sold without reserve, to closo account«. _ Torm» at Sale. WEDHE8DAY, JANUARY !0. 260 Bug« Danish Oat«, 600 Do Californian Do. To Contractor«, Livery-stable Keeper«, and Other«. EM. TENNENT and Oo. have received . '«»tniction« from thB Importers to BELL fcr t ION, at their rooms, Ooliins-street, on W«3u »OMlay,1 January 20, at 12 o'clock, SCO bag« Danish oat« 690 do Cailfuiii'an do, a very «upsrlor parcel. Term« at Sate. TUEBDAY, JANUARY 26. By Order ol tho Official Assignoo. Land at Kingstown, parish of Mordialloc WM. TENNENT and Go. have recelvsi . lmtruotlona from DJ. 8. Shaw, Erç., Official Assignee, to SELL by AUCTION, at thole rooms, on Tuonday, January S5, at 12 «'dock, Tho following portions of land at Klngjsoju, parish of Mordiallac, part subdlvhlon allotmont 2, BCctlon8- . " . , Dloclt 14-34 allotments Do J 4-18 do Do K 4-24 do Do A 4-18 do. . , , litio guaranteed. Terms at Salo. -" WEDNEBBAY, JANUARY 20. Grosso and Blackwells, Batty'», &o;, Oilmen's Storoi. To Grocors, Storokeopers, aud Others. TSf M. TENNENT and Oo. have reoalvad VV « instruotlouB from tho Importers to SELL by AUCTION, »t thoir room», Colllns-stroet, on Wodnoi day, Jr.uu..iy 20, at 12 o'olook, To cloie accounts, iO cases lib, salmon, 3 dozen, Grosso and Black- well C7 do 2 lb do, 2 do, Gi ratnoll 36 do 4 pint salad oil, 3 do, Grosso and BlaekWdlt 20 do J do do, 4 do, Batty 6 do pints do, 2 do, do fi do catsup, 4 do, do 12 birr. Is Day and Martin's blaoUlng, oach7J anl 13 doz. 2 do puto, tint, oioh 60 doz. 2 cues cayenne, each 10 dor, BUty 1 ci-o preserved moats, 10 doz do 2 CWOB capers, 10 do do 1 eise curry powder, 0 dor, Oroaso and Blackall ldo patont groatn, 0 de, Robinson. Torms at Sale._^^^^ * THURSDAY, JANUARY 27. Preliminary Notice. Great Clearing Salo, at MOOTS. Miller Brothers Storaj, Uoml-itrcot. Invoices of riama, Bacon, Choeso, Ollmens' Storoi, Dm tied and Bulk Boor, M ¡noa mid Spirit', Plantation Cofli'o, liinritius Kallon Sugar. To Merchants, Storobcopors, Dealer», and Otliors. jijrT M. TENNENT and Co. bnvo reoalval V V » Instructions from Meurs. Mil 1er Brothora to TELL by AUOTIOW, at thoir storoi, iiood-stroot, Ou ShUPilay, January ?7, nt 11 o'clook, _ In cotisa.iuonoo of h.vdrg to rr>móv.i to thoir now premlson, Ho. 0 Queen street, and to oloso virloui consignment», , Ahito variety of good», consisling of Invoices of hams, and bacon Do cliicto Dq oilmen's «toro? DA b ittlod and bul'', beer, of favorito brands Di wines and «pirlta , Do Mauritius ration sugar * i>o ¡"iántiitiou oufteo And a great ijinnlity of good«, full particulars of which in Tuesday'» paper». The attention at tho tra'lo Is cspoo'mlly Invito 1 to .h'i Important salo ; tho goodi aro all of tho b«i and moat niarkotiiblo brands. Observo Thi'raday, 11 o'clock._ TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. To Draporn, Groor«, nnd Othors. 141 r.oxes AfBorted Soip», furn tho oelebratod Woät of Knglind P'iao Cntnpiny, .-> Q. M'UOiilBE will ÖELL by AUOTIOH, >'\i> ln u'9 roora», Oolllna-itroot, on Tuoslv», Jonuirj 26, at 11 o'oloo'r, Kx Monarch, 141 boxes soap from tho oelebratod manufactory o( tho Wot of England Soap Company, and consisting of Moii'tor brown Windsor liniii'lltiiit do '. 1) i first anil second sizes, aseot ted 1 Do lanoy eidei (boxe») Mutti blown Windsor and Plymouth BOnp. All now Undine, In tho very best ordor and con- dition Torms and Further Particulars at Salo, 1UKSOAY, JANUAP.Y 26. " < To O mers i f Shcop Station», Dealors, and Othora. Hale of IO Tons .Sheepwash Tobacco. Iii Bond. A. G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, (\t lu his room», Colllns-Btreot, on Tuoiday, Jflninry 26, at 11 o'clock, . i 10 tons sheepwash tobneco. In bond, No Reserve. TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. ' Io Coinfactor», Lively stable Keeper», and Othors. Unresoi veil Salo of - Bags Gram. Ad. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, e In \\\U room«, Oollins-stroet, on iTuojilay, January 25, at 11 o'clock, b'i¡>i gram. Slightly damaged. , The attention of llio trade I» directed to this im- portant a»ln, tho major portion of which is vary! Bllghtly touched. The »bolo to bo sold for aooount of whom It miy concern. _Without Kesorvo._ TUE3DAY,TANUARY 26. To Wine and Spirit Moi chant», Country Storokoopaw, Publican», í¡c. Silo ot 100 nhd». Bulk Alo. ! A Q. M'OOMBB will SELL by AUCTION, ia.» in hi'i rooms, Colllna-stroot, on Tuoaday, Jauunrv 26, at 11 o'clock, CO lilid'i. Quest alo 60 du Pork'» alo. 'tho attontl n of buyora Is direotod to the aboya lirai (Is ol »le, s'imples of willoh (taken from tho bulk) may bo examined at tho Auction Mart oarly on tho murnini," nf sale. Terms-AboTO £100, approvod aocoptanoos at tliroo month»' dnto. TUESDAY, JANUARY 26. To Corn Faotor», Grain Dealer», and Other«. California Oats. Danish Oats, Scotch Oatr. A a. M'OOMBE will SELL by AUCTION. « In his room». Oollins-Btreet, on Tuosliy, JuuÛKry 26, at 11 o'clock, 3,075 liiiHhels California oats 1,600 da D.rniiihoatB 2,610 do Bcotoh oats. AU guaranteed Hound, undia the host ordor arti comilitón. Torms-Abovo £100, approvod acceptances at thrao months'dato. "" TUBiJDAY, JANUARY 26. 400 Dozen Bottled Alo and Porter, Quarts and Pints. a« M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, o l<i hie moms Collins-street, on TuosUy, Julinu} !\ ni 11 o'clock, 401) ilu/cu (muru or lass) bottled ale and portor, i|U-.rtB and pint». Funlior Particular» and Torn» at Salo TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. To OrocorB, Paper Dealers, and Country Store- keepers. Unreserved Balo of IO Bains Brown and Grey Papor. AG. Si'COM BE will SELL by AUÜTION", a in Ina rooina, Oolllne-Btroot, on Tuesday, Jauiiary 26, at, 11 o'clock, § 446-1 halo, 48 ream», each 78 lb" brown papor 431-1 do, 60 do, 67 lb , do 4S3-1 do, 80 do, 601b., do 400-1 do, 148 ilo, 81 lb., do 414-1 do, 10U do, 20 Iii, I'O 482-1 tin, 160 do, 81 II), do 450-1 do, 160 do, 17a- lb" do 410-1 do, 60 do,88 lb., grey papor 404-1 do, 100 do, 81 lb., do 403-1 do, JOOdo, 88J Ib., do 4i.7-I ilo, 100 do, 81 lb, do 431-1 do, 185 do, Î0 Ib., do Ho rusotvo. Tirma at Sale. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20. To the Bout mid ßhoo Tiado of Melbourne, Goalong1, llail.iniut, and Up-country District». Urrehervid Salo of lol 'trunks and Gases of Booti, and Shoe», from tho Oolibrntcd HOUBO of Moura. J. Davies nnd Son. A O M'OOM HE will SELL by AUCTION. [\\_ú in bli roo ii», Colliiis-Btrcot, on \Yodncal»y, January 20, at 11 o'clock, 164 trunks and citoi of lidies', gontlomonM, anil children'» bootu mil shoe», dlnct from Mossra. J. Davie» and Son, and cnii'lsting of os follow», 873litr>aiiK>. 51-fl-6 trunk», lach 3d pain, frenllomeaVlight c«U milllnutons. Siseo, IO to 0 7-12- O do, oaiii 80 pair i gtiitlomen'n light calf prinee boots l8-1 do, DO piira best patent boot«, clastic sldoj 14-10-0 do, oach 80 palra mock balmoral», mooni bootn, and fancy olnth do, olaetlo aides 20-55- 0 do, each 80 pair» gontlomen's momol boots, elastic sido», oilf goloshod 26-30-G do, caoli 60 pairs mon'u calf blucher boot», plain. Sizes, 11 to 5. 31-36-6 do, each 60 pairs, mon's kip Machar», rough-braddod 30-4n-6 d0i each 60 pairs, men's do, braddod anil bleckod 41-46-6 do, each 60 pairs, «ion's baBtwatorboots, rough-bradded. Size», 11 to 0 4C-60-6 do, oach 72 pairs, gcntloraon*» cilf < xnnian ohooi. Bizes, 10 to G 61-£7-7 do, each 72 pair», yonths' and boys' calf bluchers, brass and rough braddod. Bia», IO to 4 68-04-7 do, «ach 60 palra of woman's and girls' co dovan boot», brass-bradded. Sizes, S to 8 1-4-1 cases, oach 72 pairs, ladles' and women's 1 patont calf slippers and sandals. Sizes, 7 to I 6-14-10 do, each 48 pairs, ladles'beat cashmore hoots, elastic aide», U.U., io. 16-24-10 do, otoh 48 palra, womon'j cashmere. boots, elaatlo sides and to lace, patent fronts 26-82- 3 do, each 48 pairs, ladles'colored cashmere boots, ehstlo sides, military hoels, io 33 30-4 do, each 48 pair», ladloB' kid top boots', clastlo Bide», patent and plain fronts 37-42-Odo, caoh 48 palra, womon's cloth boots, wolta, to lace. Sizes, 8 to 1 ' 43, 44-2 do, each 72 pain, glrh' best patont oatt shoes. Elzos, 10 to l8 15-68-14 do, each 72 pair», girls' cordovan, caihmcro, colored cashmore, kid, cloth, and' grain boot», varloua pAttcrna 10-7'-'-14 case», each 72 pairs, child'« patont oilr »boen and strap», cordovan do, grain Jo, «Sa. Sire«, OtoO, and2 to 6. 73 81-12 di>, each 72 pair», children's black and color"! eulimore boot«, olaatiu Milos; bliolc muí colored cashmore do ; cordovan do, elistlo eidei, and to button : Au. 86,BO-2 do, iO"h 72 pairs, womon's velvet anl runrsato slipper». Size», 7 to 1 and 8 to 2. 17-00-4 do, each 72 pair», lncn'd márgalo au! fuir »Itiipoi». hire», 10 to C. Thr aitoiuirn of llio trado ia particularly directed totlioub m« a'leof »ill- assorted and »onsoiiahlo biita and ilirc», din ct from tho celebrated homo of Mosira. J. Davien iir.d Sons. Tho a. is »i.d u miks will ho opened up for Inspect, lion t«i) tii.ys i rlcr to the day of silo. ? Toms-Umlcr KU, cash; at and abovo thal; snett.t, approved ucptwjeB at threo months* dato. TUESDAY. JANUARY 26. 2P0 Boxes Valencia Raisin«. 40 Oases Best Blaokload. 200 Cases White-Wine VlnrgaT. 160 Cases Groceries. AG. M'COMBE will SELL by AUOTION, a in his rooms, Colhns-stwot, o a Tuesisy, Janaary 26, al 11 o'clock, SOO boxos Valencia raisius 40 cases host blaeklcad SOO cisoa white-wine vinegar 25 casos Gamble's 2-lb, salmon 150 cases groceries, various. _ Terms Liberal._ THURSDAY,' JANUARY 27. At No. 11 Spring-stroot, the rosldenco of tho lata Comic Lionel do Moreton Chabrilktu, Consul do France. Salo of New ami Valuablo Houioiiold Furnitur«, Silver Plato, Bod aud Table Linen, OIRco Furnitur», ire. Also, Invoices of Rich Porfumery, Saddlery, French Shawls and Dresses, Operatic Music, &c.; A G.M'OOMBEis instructed by Edouard 4\\.» Adot, Esq., executor of the late Comto Lionel ele Moreton Qbabrtllan, Consul do france, to H But. by AUCTION, at the deceased's late rostdono«. No. li Spring-street, nJarFlinders-atreot east, on XhuratUy, January 27, at li o'clock, The wholo of the housohold furniture, silver ph to. nvolcosof perfumery, saddlery, French Bhawlaaai drosses, operatic music &c;, belougmg to ths de- ceased, and oouilsting of 1\. Diningroom Furnltuio. 1 îmliogany telescope dining tablo, with CM9 for «pato loaves 12 mahogany chairs, hair seating l mahogany sideboard 1 gasalior 1 comploto dlnnor Berrico " » Tea and coffeo services Cut crystal decanters and wineglaisoi, Sea, ¡it variety Carpot,&c.; 2 Drawingroom runiituro. An ologant and valuable rosewood cottage pluto F forte, by Erard, with certificate ot guaran',« Suite of drawingroom chain, couche« i Easy choirj, &c.; ' ,1 1 largo rOBOivood table . Card and chess tables < 1 elegant gasalior, four burnora 1 largo mirror 1 white marblo clock i I Kow oarpet, window bund». ice. 8\. Silver Plato and Plated Wa Stiver dessert forks and «poon« Do dlnnor forks and spoons i So tea and gravy spoons Do cruot stand Do sugar basin, cream jug, ¿Vc. DoLAireopot ' Boau'sr-tong«, butter knivoi,&.o. Plated vogotablo dishes and oonrs Do spoons, forks, tea pot, eke i 4. Bedroom Furniture. ) Irou boJatoad and bedding Mahogany wardrobe Do chest of drawers Do dressing tablo with marblo top Do waihatand, marble top Rosewood whatnot Foot aud pluugo baths, window blind', cárpate, &c.; C. Offioo Furniture. Writing-table, chair« Book Bbelvos, loltcr-caso Inkstands, carpet, tablo cloths, clock« Bust of KinprcBs Eugenie, books, eke. I 6, Hall and Stair Furniture. Mat«, oilcloths (now), gas-lamp, stair carpáis «al brass rods, se. 7\. Bed and Tab'o Linon, and Wearing Appirol. Tablecloths, table napkins, towel«, &o.; , White and colored shirt« So do silk socks . > Flannel morning suit« Now boots and shoos and clothing. 8\. Kltohon Utaiulli. ' 1 complote cooking-storo Table, cbaii«, filter Cooking utensil«, &c.; i Servants' bed«, &c.; Knives, forks, «poon«, (te. 1 cage and three llvo King Gtoorgo's Souaf parrots 0\. Invoice of Perfumery. From the colobrMcd houso of Demaraon Petit, Paris. LMO, § 60-1 caso, 24 boxes, l8 dozen, aromatic vint¡tr and lavando ambres 61-I do, 67 boxes, 84 dozon, extract eau da O logno, oau dentífrico, and various caseuoea , 62-1 do, 40 boxes, 22 dozon, \arious and doll extraéis and essences i 63-1 do, 64 boxes, 28 dosen, cream of almonds, extracts for handkerchiefs C7 parools of valuable and highly-eoanted soap J. 10\. Invoice of Saddlery. ! 1 case, containing 1 comploto set of double liar- nos«, of vory suportar quality, eke. 1 do, containing 1 sot of dogcart hamos» 1 do, containing 1 lady'« «addie and goutleuaa's. do, complete, whips, &e.; 11, Invoicool elegant French Shawls, newest (oshion. From Bertram, Carllet, and Co., Parla. LMO, § 3-1 caso, IO cartoon« OfWU, J2 Algorlono attxTrtj ' i-1 do, 120 Algorlono sha« Is 0-1 do, 120 do 8-1 do, 4 eutoons each, 80 chenille) stuvri* 2 cartoons, containing 12 Bamplo shawls 0 do, containing 6 gronidino dresjos, very clogaiit. IS. Invoice of Opera Music. 1\. Opera IA Travista, oouaistlug of 0 parts or volumes for milo volcai S do for romalo du l8 do for 10 Instruments 1 completo volume for pianoforte. 2, Opera Klgolotto, constating ol 0 parts or volumes for malo voleos 8 do for female do 10 do for l8 instruments 1 do for pianoforte. 8\. Opora li Trovatoro 21 parts, for 23 Instrument« 1 dn, for stage deoorator 1 do, for pianoforte, ice. Tho auctioneer roquests the particular attention of famillos to the above unresorved «ale of valuable and new furniture, the wholo having boen purchased Ian than two months heforo the death of Count do Oha brillan. Tbo nuctioncor desires also to direct ths attention of tbo trado to the valuable invoices ol cor- fu mory, aaddlory, French goods, operatic music, *o,, v. hlch will bo submitted to «ale ou tho above ocoa tion. Further particulars and terms at «alo. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. To Fumlturo Ponier«. sTicteustro Salo of 200 Cases of American Fumlturo. In course of being landed. A G M'COMBE will SELL by A.TJOTION ( in bl« room«, Oollhu-stroot, on an »arljr» Ex Gol Ion Horn, £00 casca of American furniture, consisting of Bodvtcads, tabUs, chairs, bureaus, chestidrawers, 4c. Full paiticulars and torms m future advirtlaa mentí lflURSDAY, JANUARY 27. Positive Salo of Homo and Laud. Afier willoh, lie Wholo of the Household lurnituro will bo So'J. To all who reti'lir« A neat Threo-roomod Brick Cottage, With Land 85 \ 80. SO LUSCOMBE will SELL by PUBLIC 0 AUCTION, on tho premises, on Thursday, ary 27, at 12 o clock, Shit coat aud no w13-built house, called Primrose tiottago, situated in Bark!}-street, at the north weit corner of Carlton- gardon«. It contains two rooms, u ltb a passage through, and kitchen at tho took. The auctioneer hal sold tbo city proporty of tha proprietor, who is on the eta of departure! for England, and therefore this, his privato roiMouo1), must bo told to tho highest Milder. Title, first-clans. Terms-One-third cash ; the balança within 19 day». The housohold fumlturo consists of Chosts of elrawors, bedsteads, feather bed, mtt tressos, cnild's cot, and the usual parlor, bod room, and kitchen requisitos. The wholo to bo «old to tho highest bidder Terms-Cash. MONDAY, JANUARY 31. South Yarra. Positivo Sale of Three Five-rooruod Brick OotUge«. By order of the Mortgagees. EO. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUO . TION, on tho ground, on Monda), January81, AU thoso five-roomed brick cottages, recently occur p'ed by Mes«rs. Smith and Studwlck, Carolins street, South Ynrra i Tho land is CO feet frontcge by 100 feet in depth, and the cottagos stand back 10 feet from the road, and, being situatod on the brow of tho hill, a view of the Bay can bo obtained from the window«, Full particulars can bo obtained of the auctlonMr. Terms, liberal, to bo declared at salo. SA Swauston-Btreot. THIS DAY. norsos. Dogcarts, and Harness. Kirk's Horso Bataar. T HENDEBSON has been inalrnoted by «J . Mr. N. Polak to SUBMIT to AUOTION, on Monday, January 24, at 12 o'olook, 1 tory auporlor obesnut horso, dogcart, and harness Dodo white do do do. , The above havo boen used for the past (weirs month?; the horses are In first- rate stable condition, and particularly euitablo for any family. The machine« «md harnest aro In excellent order. Ilia owners having no furtnoruae for them Is tua «ol« («con of sale. I WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. Horse«, Store Cattle, Milking Cow«, &c.; Important and Unrosorved 8alo of Stock. Io Clear a Station, to Close a Partnership. J HENDERSON, having received instrno , tiens from Mesar«, A. Brock and W. Brockman will SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, Miller'« Ponds Station, Ooulburn filver, on Wednesday, Feb- ruary 9, lhe whole of tho valutblo »tock now depailttnag there, consisting or About 70 head of horses, broken and unbroken, of tbo heavy draught, by Farmor and Dragan, and thoroughbred by Peter Frier; mares. with foals al foot, &.O. About 100 well-bred and quiet milking oom, vary «uperlor dairy cattle 6 young bulls, the get or Mr. M'Dlugall'« asia orated bulls Van Aenburgh and Northampton And About 200 head of young cattle, one and two yoani old, about oqual Boxe«, milkers, caira« ita. ; and the whole could bs easily brolura to any run. V Terms very liberal, and daolsred at sale. Luucaoou Provided. AUCTION BALKS BY MR. STUBBS. MR. STUBBS will sell by auction, at tho uudcr montioncd tlmco and places : Saturday 22.-Rousohold furnlturo and Jeff cols, oa t e premise», corner of William and Bourke atroots, 26th January.-At Bear's Auction-rooms, Quoett strcot, ThoCallatin Estato, , Situate on tho Yarra, opposlto the Survoy Paddoofc. 20th January.-On tho promises, cornor of Lonsdale and öponecr-streots. By order of Ela Honor Mr. JuBtlco William!,, uahle Household Furnlturo, Library, Birouolio, ' &c;, ko. After which Two Yoars' Lcaso of the House, Blore, i.e. 81st Januaty. Tho Villago of Gretna Groon, Perish of TiiUainv rine, situate on tto other side of tho toll bar, Docp Crook road. 2nd February.-On tho premises, corner of Rowan» Parade and Punt Road, Richmond, House and Land. Fronting the Richmond Paddock. Hour of Sales 12 o'clock. Tul) particulars of tho abovo may be had at Hr. Stubbs'.! office, 00 Queen stroot. TUESDAY, JANUARY 26. Tho Oallatlnl Estate, On tho Yarra, Opposlto tho Survoy Paddock. OV/TR. STUBBS ia instructed by the pro iyjL prlotor to BELL hy PUBLIC AUCTION, at liuä?« Auction and Exchange Room», 00 Qnoon-stroat, on Tuesday, January SS, at 12 o'clock precisely, Tho wholo of the remaining porlion of this highly« popular property. Note.-Thli citato ia Bituato near tho intersection, of tho Qlcnfirry with tho Toorak road, a stone's throw or so from "Mr. Dunyon's cornor." It is ap proailnblo cither by land, or by water via tho Yarra; or, for a choleo of roads, through Hawthorne, Toorak, or tho Survoy Paddock. Its contour Is undulating, and tho quality of the soli is omiuoutly productive. Loti Consists of 131 acres, on a Uno clcvition, " living la Iibeity togazoon all below"-it is the Bite of all othcra preferablo for tho oroctioc of a villa roal dencoof tho highest order of cottage architecture, in the ait of wnich English architects so well oxcol -It has a beai'llful sloping terraoo to Qardlnor'a OrcoU, and his a long frontago both to tho Qlaa« ferry uud Davidson roads. Lot 2 Is thuB dosonhed :-12J acros of villa build Ing land, Including part of tho valley ofGardlnor's Creek, the wholo highly productive and onclosod, com- mands most Intoros ing views of tho neighboring propertioi of Jas. Damyon, Eoq, Russian Con- sul ; F. A. Powlett, Ksq , OonimUrtonor of Crown Lands ; - (¿uartorman, Esq., M,L,A, . - Rutlior« ford, Esq. : T. B, Tayno, Esq. tot 8. The history of this property almost in aparen* thesis, Mr. Hutchinson and his family occupy it with tho romalndor cf the ostale, at a yearly rental of 2601. The houso is not tho best in the world, but tho industry and tasto of ita Inmttes havomadeltaspotot Bwoctdelight, not unworthy of being associated with somo of tho romlnlsconcoi rrontloned In Scarle'a Momolr of Wordsworth, 131 acres in all. Lot 4. Nothing could bo moro absurd than tho subjection of a spot Uko this to anything Uko exaggerate! praiso. Iroland Is colobratod for Its eottagoa *' un- der the hill," and it would bo a pity to soo this allotment pai» Into tho bauds of other than ona of Its highly educated sons for tho carno purpos3 and reposo. It has three characteristic frontage?, tho river, tho creole, and the ron J, and, in a country subject to tho overpowering boat of summer, (lu acmo C»BOS moro oppressive than that of tho Red Boa) tho valuó of wator la boyonl all price. Lot 5, Ia citua'.o on tho north side of Darldson's-road, and bounilo 1 by tho properties of Messrs. Oaddon and Robert», ¡io. It is woll- knonn for its productive- ness, its crops of hay, oat», and whoit, and lui bonito, a frontigo to the Olonforry-road. A pim of tho wholo of tho proporty will bo on view in a few days. Terms-One-third c vh deposit ; the residue by bills at threo, six, add 12 months' credit. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20. By Auction. Tho Proporty of Mr. Justice Williams, Provious to Ula Honor's Departure for Europa. Opposite tho Raliway Terminus, Sponcor-Btreot, Corner of Lousdale-stroot, Leaso of tho House for Two Yours, With tho Salo of all tho Elegant and Modern Furnituro, Wines, Plate, Tlatod Waro, 200 Volumes Law and Honorai Library, mostly Standard Works. A fow Yaluablo Paintings, a'tor Tonlero, and Rubeut, And _lorlglnal Janson, Baroucho, &o.; MR. STUBBS iß favored with Instructions to SKLL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho pro liitai u, corner of Lonsdalo and Bponcer stréotB, oh Wodnosday, January 20, to commence at 12 o'clock precisely, I Tho valuable household furniture and offset», com priblng i tymt'eomo mahogany bookcase and chiffonnier, i very bandsomo rosewood and mahogany arm lounging chairs, do ottomans, do loo and j other tables, chairs, oarpots, rug», vasa», hearthrug», handsomo cornice, with suite of ; exhibition ourtalnB, writing- desk», , 15-day olock, sideboard, soaaoncd feather-beds and pillow», horaohair and wool mattroaaos, bad atoails, with sots curtains on suite, wardrobe», chests drawors, toilette glassas and table), waahatands and sorvlcos, crystal and crockery, Including doBsert and tea sots, kitchen utentlls, &c.; » | Catalogues may be had at Mr. Stubbs'« auotion room«, 00 Quoen-stroet._j-_ MONDAY, JANUARY 81. Orotna Oroen, Opposite Colonel Kenny's Estate, Parish of Tullamarine, Subdivision of patt of portion No. 4 of Section 4, the proporty of A. M'Donald, Eaq. Bubälvlilcd by tho proprietor apoolally for tho acsom modatlun and convenience of uowly-marrled coupli», carriers, little shopkoopore, farm laboro», gardener», and immigrants. All pegged in*AS you go along fust on the other sid» of tho toll-bar, Doop Creek-road. MB. STUBBS Is instructed to announco the SALE, on Monday, January 81, Ol tho beforo-montloncd popular-named vlllago, in lots to suit purchasers, and upon liberal terms, Further description in a futuro advertisemont. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. Richmond. At 12 o'clock In tho forenoon, sharp. On tho Premisos, cornor of Rowona-parado, Punt road, Richmond. , . MR. STUBBS has received instructions from tho proprietor (who is about to romovo , from the vicinity of Melbourno), to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, if not previously ¡dlsposod of by private oontraot, at tho promises, oornor of Rowona-pvrad«, Pnut-roail, Hicliiuond, on Wednosday, February 2, at 12 o'clock »harp, The folio« lug freehold proportlcs, viz., Loti. A most desirable cornor allotment of land, al'.uitti at the cornor of Rowena-parado and Punt-roaJ, richmond, having a frontago to tbo Punt-roil, chain wliln, of 85J foet, by a dopth of 78 lost, on which is elected a moBt substantially-built and woll-flnlahod Brick store and dwelllnghouoo, ' containing convenient shop, parlor, two bod room», kitchen, i&c.; A ne.it corrugated iron! verandah is fitted round tho premises, which UM a prlvato ontrnnco to Rowena-pararto. Tbo premises aro situatod near the proporty of Ills Honor Judgo Pohlman, fronting the muse beautiful part of tho Richmond-paddock ; and the hutkllng having bcon built with tho \iow of addi- tions thereto, could with tmall oxpouso bo convortotl Into n private dwollinghouso or into an hotol, drus gistV, or liiicn-draprr's shop, for either of «hlch pur- poses tho site and situation aro admirably adapted. Lots?, 8, and 4, admitting lot 1, each contain á frontage to tho Punt-road of 80 feet liv a dopth of78fout. Thon bolo of these lots aro wellsultod to tbo erection of privato liousui, lining > Frontages to Richmond ruddock. i Tlio advantage of fronting this pnddook, willoh possesses park-liko scenory unrlval'cd by any other locllty near Melbourno, is too obvlou» t9 require comment. The prcsont ia ono of tho few remaining opportunities of securing sitos In this peculiarly Invored locality. Conveyances pa« ovory two or threo minutes throughout the day, whilo tho podoKtrlan oan walk to business in Melbourne in 25 minutes. Tho titlo . ia unoxcoptlonable, and but ono removo from the Crown. ! Torms : One-fourth cash, remainder by bills at six, 12, and l8 month«', , Cards to view, and Inspection of plan of locality may bo obtained nt the nuctlonoor'« ; or at tho real dence of T. W. Badham, Uowena-parado, Richmond. THIS DAY. At 12 o'olook. .' i In Johnston-street, noar Tankerville Arms. , Six-horse power Steam Engine. SOO lb. or Liquorice. Largo Quantity of Crockery. T PBINOE is favored with lnattuotions »>| « from the cxooutor« of the lato Captain Bailer to SELL by AUCTION, on Monday, January 24, It' 12 o'clock, A collection of valuablo and useful artlclo«, con. aUting of LI 1 «Ix-uono power steam engine, 0001b. or liquorice», crate« of toilet sorvloe«, vinegar, a llitl» iurntture, and a largo quantity of sundries, f Without reierve. fe Sale at 12 o'clock. ' ! Ja«, Prince, auctioneer and ostato agont. ?^-._ » WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20. } Studloy Park. ,. ¡ FIIITCniNS is favored with inatruotions . from tho proprietor to BELL by PUBLKJ AUCTION, on tho promise«, on Wednesday, January SO, atl o'elock, All that valuablo freobold proporty iltuato noar Studley PRrl', and now in tho occupation of Mr Brooke, cnnnslii g of 2 acres 14 porchea of land all fint.ee! v.llh posts nnd rall« and pa'lng, about 1J r-crtf. tastefully laid out in gardon ground, an-l upon Mhlch la erected a vory substantially.built cott-go, mid consisting of four handsoiro room), vlth elctnchod >? lichen and ccrvant'«hodroom lei tho rear, two-stalled stable and glg-liouro, fowl house, Ac. There is a urnndnh round thrco sides of tho buildinf, and crmn and« a most pleasant »low. Tho abovu IH for positive sale, tho proptlotor being »lout to have Utlboumo. 3 ltlo unexceptionable. Terms-26 p- r cent, catii ; roslduo ¡it three, six, and rire menti]!.'. (I THIS DAY. Valuable Building Allotment, and 8toue Cottage, Hanover stroet, Collingwood. "rVT KINSMAN has received Instruotloa* 111 « to 8ELL bv AUCTION, on tho pretnuei, Eanovsr-atreot, Collingwood, on Monday, Jaauvy 21, at 12 o'clock, All that valuahlo bulldi";? allotment, hiving a frontage or 28 foot to Hmiover-stroet, by 61 ta»-. deep to a right-of-way, ou which iaerected a eton house of two rooms. After which, will be soil 31 feet to a private street, hy 80 feet daop. To bj soldi a one or two lots, as may bo desired. The proporty is situated opposito the roäldance ol Mr. Wills, and boing for positive salo, tho auoiioassf invites the attendance of persons daairoiu of a gul investment. Sale at 12 o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer, Î Moor-Btreot, Collingwood. . THIS DAY ~" Two Cottages. Ono Brick Oottago and Ono Weatherboard Ootta?-). Wollington-street, Collingwood. "VT ' KINSMAN has rocoived instruction J_> . to SELL by AUOTION, on tho ground, o i Monday, January 24, at 1 o'clock, Two cottages, ona a brick cottage of two room?, a til one a weatherboard, of two rooms. Tbo Uri lias a frontago of B3 foot to Woltiogtou-atroot, hy 0 1 foot deep, situated near Stanley -stroot. The property being tor positive sale, tho aucUjim would invite tho attendanco of persons doälrom of making a good investment. ! N. Klusman, auctioneer and vainer, 3 Hoar strict, Collingwood. THIS DAY. Household Furnlturo, Rosslyn-street, near FlajjUíl. N> KINSMAN is favored with instruction* » to SELL by AUOTION, on tho pretnliot, opposito Mr. Smith's, grocer, and near the Jam ii Watt Hotel, on Monday, Jinuary 24, at 2 o'clock. Household furniture, consisting of Sofa, chiua, carpot, fonder and fire IIYI.H, wirf robe, iron bodstoad and beddlug, tollotglasi, washstand ond ware, drosdng- ttblo, ooii tahlee, gUiBwaro, ornament», pictures, kit chon utonBlls, ice Sale at 2 o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer aal valuor, 8 Moor-atreet, Collingwood. Tuesday, Ji TUESDAY, JANUARY 25 i Freohold, Ooorge-Btroct. t N, KINSMAN lisa received inshuctlotH " to SELL by AUCTIOH. ou the ground, by ' order of tho mortgagee, on Tuesday, Jinuary 20, I Two weatherboard cottages in George-street. Tho land IIBB a frontage of S3 foot toQeorge-3tro.it, by 110 foot deop, with a double frontago of 38 feet 11 Little Gootgo-Btroot. The proporty is well sitúalo 1, opposito the Wesleyan Chapel. lil. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, 3 Mojr-Jtrsot, Collingwood, FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. 16 Building Allotments. j Ni KINSMAN has received instruction) . to BELL by AUCTION, ou the groaad, on r riday, January 28, at 12 o'clock, 16 building allotments, having frontagos to Smith-11 atroot, Ooro-stroot, Loicostor-stroot, and Rots streot, being church property it will bo Boldon. I lease for 7,14, or 21 years; and the allotments ara SaîCandSSx 00, with four coruerB, 80 K 89, with right-of-way lo oach. Sale at 12 o'clock by N Kinsman, auctioneer aud valuer, 3 Moor-Btreet,Collingwood._ TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. Horses. Horso». In tho Estate of the late - Lovell, Eiq. MM'OAW and ANOTHER have received «, instructions from the executors of the Uti \- liOToll, Esq., of Gipps Land, to SELL by AUO- TION, at the Royal Horso Banar, on Tuesday, January 26, at 12 o'clock, 00 head of borsos, of a very useful doacrlptlou, broken and unbrokon. i No Boservo. Observe.-No imposition of what is ffcuarall? termed indemnity or purchaser's commission chargel at our yards. TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. English Carts. OAW aud ANOTHER will SELI, br AUOTION, at the Royal Horso Bazaar, on January 25, at 12 o'clock, Without reservo, B English-mado carts 1 do gig, _a_Without Reservo._ TUESDAY, JANUARY 25. Vehicle». MM'OAW and ANO THER will SELLby # AUCTION, at the Royal Horse Bazaar, OB. lay, January 26, at 12 o'clock, Without any rosorvo, . 1 very superior family.cutt und bara os i 1 spring-cart do 1 secondhand gig. _No Boicrvo._ TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. Preliminary Notice. '' Stock, Crop, and Implomonta. M'OAW nnd ANOTHER have received _, Instructions from Mr. D. M'Nab to SBMt OTION, al bia farm, Broadmeadows, onTaoi. day, February 8, at 12 o'olock, AlthlB stook, crop, and Implement«, oomprlslog- | Stack of hay, about 50 tons 1,000 bushels of oats 800 do whoat 2 horse draya and frames Four-horse power thrashing machines 1 winnowing machino 1 shorthorn bull, 8 years old 7 milch cows S heavy draught horses 1 well-bred riding pony And A number of farm Implements aud other article! too numerous to particularise. No reierve. _Terms at Sale. LINCOLN-BRED ENTIRE HORSE SAMPSON. Just Imported. M'OAW and ANOTHER hava for PRIVATE SALE, Tho magnificent cart stallion Sampson, Ovo yoars old, jot black, 17 hands high, a for bone and symmotry stands unrivalled. Pedigree at the office ot the auetloneors. _ SATURDAY, JANUARY 20. Salo on the around, In West part of St. Kilda, at 3 o'clock, CIoso to tho residences of W. Kaye, Esq. ; A. Kauf- mann, Esq., Hanovorian Consul ; -Baldwin, Esq., and other influential inhabitant«. The land li situate in Southoy-atreot, and U cloie to the Bay. EDE CARLE has received instruction] » to BELL, without roseive, on the ground, Jaouthoy-slroot, St. Kilda, on Saturday, January 29, at 3 o'olock, 5 allotments of land, beautifully situate, with, frontages of GO feet, by depths of from 180 to 35) feet, and well adapted for building Grst-cUi? rosidonces, DI a fine viow of tho Gay 1B obtalnod from ovory allotmont. A flag is placed on the ground to donóte the spot. Terms-Quarter cash ; balance 3,0, 9 mouths'. Title, one remove from tho Crown. Mt M, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1. ' Oreat Salo of tho highest and boit-sltuatect Laud ia tho important Town of Footscray. For positive and unresorvod Sale, at 1 o'clook, on ttta Ground. Freo rqturn t'clects will bo obtainable at the Auc- tioneer's officer, 78 Elizabeth-street. EDE CABLE has boon instructed by t tho proprietor to 3ELL, on Tuetday, February 1, at 1 o'clock, Without reserve, 25 allolmonle of land in the very best part of all Footscray, adjoining tho Roman Catholic Church and Railway station, and commanding tho moat enchanting vlow concoivablo. The bay, tho river, St. Kilda, Molbourno, and milos rouna oan b« seen from thl-i lovely «pot, and the distanco tmur only Qvo minutos from the metropolis. The allot- ment« aro so subdivided an to suit all partie«. O a« will bo put up, with tho op'tion of taking more, and every allolmont will positively bo sold. ToJms,-Quarter cash; bills, throe, six, nine, 13 months' date for balance. Title first-class. Chimpagno luncheon provided on the ground. , Free return tickets for 12.30 train. Full particular« and plans at tho auctioneer's uarr land and catato agoncy rooms, 7B Elizabeth-street. ""*" THIS DAY. Upper Northcote. Stock -in-Trade of a Cbotnlat and Druggist, together with Household Furniture, Splendid Rosewood Planoforto, So. Io Chemist«, Dealers, Prívalo Familles, and Others. JP. MACKILLOP (of Mackillop and a Cooke) is favored with Instructions from Mr. Turner, chemist and druggUt, ol Uppor Northcote, to BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho premises, on Monday, January 24, at 12 o'clock, Tho wholo or his stock-in-trado, consisting of Bottle«, globe«, drugs, patent medicines, per- fumery, glass case«, broiB «eales and weight«, counter, shop fitting«, Ac. Together with a quantity of household furniture, including a vcry-handsomo full-toned rosewood planj forto, by Manktelow and Co. Terms-cash. Further particulars at the office« of Mackillop sal Cooke, 81 Collins-street csBt._ THIS DAY. ' Boaalyn-straot, North Melbourne. JOY will SELL by AUCTION, on (¡ha __# premises, situate in Rosslyn-stroot, lato in Ko occupation of Patriok Gibson, on Monday, J*, iiuaiy 21, at 12 o'clook, A small quantity of household fornitura. _Terms-Cash._,_ THIS DAY. i Splendid Waggon end Cart Horses. To Waggoners, Draymen, Dealer«, and the Public. DOUGHABTY and Co. have boon ia Btruoted by James Osborne, Esq., of Yacht* nandah, to BELL by AUCTION, at thoir yard«, corner of Queon and Bourke streets, on Monday, January 24, at 12 o'clock, 80 largs cart horse«, in fine condition, most of them broken and subject to trial of heavy weight«. Also, The attention of the publloia particularly requested. Iho stock are got by a pure draught hone, aud bred fry Mr. Osborn»,_ THI8 DAY. Store Cattle. KAYE and BUTOHART will SELL by AUCTION, at the new Market-yard«, Fleming. Vuu, on Monday, January 21, 300 head atora cattle, half cows, half steers, ff«m : the Avoca, s A wy superior lot. , THIS DAY. Molbourno Salo Yards, 20 Bourke-strcet weat. Heavy and Light narnossHorees and Hackneys, e To Gontlemvn, Farmers, Dealers, and Others. W.LOTHEBINGTON and Co. will SELL' . by AUCTION, at their yards, 20 Bourke stroet west, on Monday, January 24, , Several stanch vfoll-brod draught horse«. Also, , Saddle and light barnes horso« and hackneys Dogcarts, drays, and harness. THISDAY. "~" To Doalors, Partios Furnishing, and Others. Unreserved Salo of Household Fumlturo and Elliots. On tho Promises, 147 Sprlng-stroot, opposite tho National Modol Echooh. J LONG ia instructed to SELL by PÜ3 . LIC AUCTION, on the premises, 147 Sprltir stroef, at 2 o'clook prompt, Atuperiorlot of household furnliuro and effjota, comprising Loo and other table, vclvot couch, hair-seatod chairs, morocco easy chair, chest of drawers, oil pilutlugi, engravings, Brusela and Kid del minster carpet*, floor-cloth, orintnoats, glassware, china; iron bedsteads, double and i elogia ; inattressoä, bods, bedding, kltdiou utensils, &c.; Without tho nlightB3t reserve. Torms-Cash. TUESDAY,'JANUARY 25. Ferney Drapery, Underclothlnjr, Slops, &c.; To Draporr, Outfitters Country Storekeepers, Doalors, ' and Others. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, lias boan 0 favored with instructions from the importor« to hELL by PUUÜIU AUOPION, at thoir nure, 80 Cnliins-atreot east, on Tuesday, January 25, at It o'clock, The f llowiog now goods limbroideiod bnrego dresrea Miophord'» flounced robes Muslin drus'cs Chilil'sjricbly-worked frocks and pel'«33 Ladies' underclothing . Fogonie ombroiderod cambric collu« Infant's frocks and robes Pot« of bookcollar« and i leevo» Oontlomon'ti beaufort ties fallu ribbons ?uad'es' colored summer cloth mantles Jtfon's grey and brown cotton ba'f-hoso Woman's wbito cotton hneo Girl,', maida', and woman's sun bonncti 200,000 needle*, assorted 1! aids' improvedistiaw bonnets Gentlemen's sill: rammer coats BoyB' and yoülba' tweed vasts Men's tweed and doe trousors Do regatta and twill shirts Panama hate. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. ; To the Working-Clo/ues. Pay no Moro Rent, Snug Freehold. Park-atroot, near Junnston-stroot, East Colling- . wood. J HUGGINS has received inßtraotions from e Mr. W. R. Sheppard, to BULL by PUBLIC AUCTION, mi tho giound, Park-strcot, near John s'on-streot, East Collingwood, on Monday, January '¿i, at 4 o'clock p.m., An excellent and woli-flnWicd two-roomod now Wcathorboardcd Houso, lined, painted, and papored, togoth-r with tho land, containing 11 fcot 6 ¡nobes, by a depth Ol' 75 feet. Also, tho laud adjoining the above, having a frontago of á7 feet to Park-streot, by a dopth of 75 foot. ' , Titla porfoct. Terms-one-third cash ; tho romaindcr by bills at tbrco and six months', boarlng bonk interest. This hi an excellent opportunity for thosa iu soiroh of a snug freehold, at a small outlay. Further particular« by applying to J. HuggluV auctioneer, homo, laud, and loau agent, Neave'« , buildings, 62 Oolllns-stroot oast, and 10 Gertrude çtreot, Collingwood. i THIS DAY. Park-streot, near Johnsjn-stroct east, Collingwood.' , J HUGGINS has received instructions from, « Mr. W, It. Sheppard to SELL by PUBLIC wUOriiiN, on tho ground, Park-street, near Johnston «trcot cast, Collingwood, on Monday, January 21, at 4 o'clock p.m., An excellent and woll-fiiiishcd now weatherboirdod houio, i ¡ i Also, ; Tho land adjoining tho abovo, having a frontage of »7 loet to Park-stroot, by a dopth of 75 foot. ' > , ; Title good. , Terms at Balo. Further partloular« by applying to J. Huggins, auctioneer, house, land, and loan agont, Noayo's buildings, 02 Oollins-stroot east, and 10 Gortrudo streot, C illingwood. THIS DAY. Four-roomoil Brick, and Two-roomed Iron Houso, 68 Young-stroot, Collingwood. J HUGGINS has received instructions « . from MossT. J. and O. S"ch to SELIj by PUBLIO AUOriON, on the ground, 58 Young, arreet, Collingwood, on Monday, January 24, at 1 o'clock, That exoollent, substantial, and well-flnlshod pro- perty, conttinlng a four-roomod brlok house, anl a two-roomed Iron detached houso, with land, having a frontage of 83 foot to Young-stroet, by a depth ol 69 fcot 8 inches, moro or loss, * Title perfect. Terms at sale. Furthor partloulira hy applying to J, ttaggliu, auctioneer, houso and citato agent, Noave'a-buildlngr, OolUna-streot oast, and 40 Gertrude-street, Oolllag wood. '_ i TJE3DAY, JANUARY 25. Io Sinvll 0 ipltalists and tho rYorklng-OIassoi. J HUGGINS has received instructions from Mr John Hill to SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION, on the ground. Church street, Richmond (between Simpson and Richmond roads), on Tuesday, January 26, at 1 o'clock, A Two-roomed Brick House, with 24 feet frontage to Church-street, with the option of taking 48 feet. Also, A very superior brick-built four-roomed house, finished in the best style stabling, and a never failing supply of water. Terms- One-third cash; remainder, three, six, nine, and 12 months' bills, bearing bank interest. Further particulars by applying to J. Huggins, auctioneer, house, land and estate agent, Neave's buildings, 63 Collins-street, and 46 Gertrude-street, Collingwood. FRIDAY, JANUARY 28. ¡ . Milch Cows. DALMAHOY CAMPBELL omi Oo. will M5LL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at Kirk'* 113/Jiar, Hi urkc-htrcot woBt, on Friday, January 23, nt 11 o'cl ck, sharp. Without rosorve, ' 10 superior rnlloh cows, nil thoroughly brolcen-in. Term»-Cash. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4. Drauj'bt Dorso», Farming Implemont«, ¿co, And 14 0 Ton« of Good Hay. 3M,VAII0Y CAMPBELL and Oo. have received Instructions from Mr. Jamos Boll, oa ii-u I of tho expiration of hil losco, to SELL by -M, C1 ION, at L'ñton Slilel'», Siltwator P.ivor, on Fri- day, I-1 lu airy 4, ut 12 o'clock, 140 tim» of flmt-clasH hay ;. lu .ivy draught horns, and 3 foals, got by Clyde 1 S-HIII'P and hnrnc-s maro 1 síiihllu linne, will bred, and good In all his P ICH 2 li ri.li ha>-rakes (West's) S iron ploughs 1 roller 2 to'« I arrows 8 hiiv dray», noarly now Saddloi, bridles, and a variety of havnos», »al other iwlick» Lunch provided. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8. 0,001 8 loop an I Station. ALMAHuV CAMPBELL and Oo. have roc i veil iiis'ruotioii8 from tho exeoutrlx ot the John Cbrapuull, Major Mitchell's Creek, to BELL hy PUliLlU AU'JIION, at* Kirk's Baziar, Bourko ffticet, on Tuesday, Fubruary 8, at 12 o'clock, Wi.hout resoivo, Tho station, known as Major Mitchell'» Creek, about 10 milos from Seymour, mid 06 milos irom M ni bourne, together with tho whole of thu »toilt thenon, connlstlug of 0,348 sheep, of flrst-rato quality, and free from all dlso.no. Tho iuiprovi monta consist of a comfortable cottage, with the usual cultivation and grazing paddocks. For further particulars apply tu the auctioneers. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 26. To Dealers, QhopkoorB, and Othors. H JOSEPH have receivod instructions * from aicssrs. M'Gowan and Co., of Bourke tareit, opposite Post-office, to SELL by AUCTION, on tho premise», on Wcdnoiday, 20th Inat., at 11 o'olock, tbo following, viz. : 150 hosoo oralgiiiiits' luggage To pay store rent. ' Without reBorve, * Terms-Cash. The auctioneer calls tho attention of the publio to tho fact that this is the most genuino sale of boxee ever offered, most of thom having boon in store (or threo a!nd four year». _ 1 WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20. Geelong. In tho Rooms, at 12 o'clock. Highly Important Sale of Very Valuable Town Fro» portics. By Order of the Mortgagee. OGILVIE and ROBINSON hare boen favorod with Instructions to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, January 20, at 12 o'clock precisely, Without tho slightest reserve, Tho following splendid properties : 1. AU those very substantial and beautiful premlsoi nituntu In Ulicrlnghap-stroct, now ocoupled by the Qovn unient, und known as tho Treasury. 2. AU thosu very centrally-situated properties situata tn Unorlnghap Btreet, now occupied by Moss», Telford mid pago, and Messt s. Cutler and Cox. 3. All tlul ' 2iy valuable and centrally-situated pro- perty in li)ric stroot nest, now In tho occupation of the uuitloncors. 4. All that vtiluililo proporty known as tho Sawyors Arms, Chilwell. 6. Portion of ollotuioiit 0 of section 10, parish of Moor- panyal. Terniu-One-third cisli onc-thlrd aix months; and oni-tblrd 12 month», kauring interest at 10 per cent. Fuller pen nu ars will appoar in a day or two, and .all information as to titles may bo obtained from iWcbsn. Mat ty i,'lay lor, and Buckland, solicitor«. THIS DAY. Postponed Salo. In thoSupreme Court of the Colony of Victoria. Fi. Fa. Between John Bartor Bennott, Plaintiff, and J it in M Macnamara, Defendant. "VTOTIOE is hereby Riven, that the Saariï V\ for the colony of Victoria will cause to b* EÖLD by PUBLIC AUCTION (unless tho oxeotitUx le previously satisfied), at Macnamara'« State3A, Eororoit Creek, Keilor Plains, on Monday, January 21« at ¿2 o'clock noon, Tho right, title, and interest (it any) of the abio s named defendant in and to a quantity ?£ * cattle, Including a number of milking co n iK household furnituro, &o.; Terms-cish. GEORGE BURNS, Sheriff's Offi:Jr. SherlfTs Oifloe, Melbourne _____ ? WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2. "~" In the Supreme Court ol tho Colony of Ylctorti No. 4.695 Fl. Fa M'Eachern v. Foster. "VTOTIOE Is horeby given, that under aa t 1}( ny virtuo of the above writ of Su Fa , C« Cichard De Courcy Rose, the spocial bsillfT appointai to execute tbo same, will SELL by PUBuIO A.U J IION, at the Tasmanian Inn, in the town of PortUu {, on Wednesday, Fehru wy 2, at 12 o'clock noon, uni H I tho abovo exooutlon b3 proriously satisfied, All tho right, title, and interest (if any) of i ve abo\ o-named dofendant in and to ali that tu« -Ht tír parcel of land, being allotmont No. 9, ot «o*« tion.4, in the pariah of Portland, with thedwolltai* house thercou. . i . Torms-Cash on the foil of tho hanuuBr. < Dated the Stn day of December, 1853. R. DE COURCY ROSE, Special Bailiff; «?^ » ' s TFnbiioationn and Eiiteiattura, A'BECKETT'S MAGISTRATE^' 'MANUAL OC VICTORIA Map Victoria, largo sizo, scale 8 miles to 1 mc'«.' < 15s. in sheets, 81s 6d. in bool form Do Australlo, including Tasmania and Now Zjt« land, 21s in cases, 25s. on rollors Illustrated letter-paper, diggings viow«, C1. t»tf sheet Also, fust rocelt ed, Staunton'« new Illustrated Shakespeare, DoruSijt and Son, Copperfield; Ingoldsby {¡Legende* Darter), in cheap form, minor's attUer? of Haturo, Kenny Meadoa/s'á Illustrated Byron, Macanlay's England, Graham's, Bull's, »tell othor Medical Works ; Annual Pocket-Biokw ?> 1850, Davidson'« Universal Melodist, Verdaue croon's Adventures Hook's I Precept« ait Practice, with uumarous others Subscriptions received for Illustrated London M\Jir< and London Punch JAMES J. BLUNDELL and Co., di Collin« strdiÇ west ALL the NEW NOVELB at Glcnny Wilson'«, boo*< teller, 172 Bourko-street cut Splendid aviort* ment just unpacked, CABLILK'S MANUAL of FREEMASONRY Ni* supply. Timbs's Outlosltiei of History. Go5r¡v«i NiclfOlB, 0 Oolllpa atroet west._ EMMA POLKA, dedicated to E. H. M. Tod, Esq. 40th Regiment. Joseph Wilkie's wholesale aa* retail music and musical instrument warehouse, lit Collu.« stroet. ; fÏA'IRFAX and Co. SHEET ALMANAC for 131», printed in colors, containing tho usual oafoaiu: information. Cd._ L.BNNY WILSON respootfully invites the auc- tion of the reading publie to tho large and ofcoic« selection of new and standard BOOKS on aU oubjseU, which he has constantly on SALE, it tho very IUWMÄ remunerativo price«. ' Secondhand books purchased, oxclnngcd, or «oil on oommlsalon, every transaction being conducts!*)* the most liberal terms Pltiaao to note the address, OLENNY WILSON, now sad secondhand bask seller and stationor, 172 Bonrke atrooteast, four door«: below tho Eastern Market._ GUIDE, to HEALTH,-a medical work oo aerrsout debibty, with plain directions for perfect resto- ration to health and vigor. By Perry and Co., sar-« goons, 250 Lonidale-atroet east, and 810 Bourko-strsK; east. Price, gi. Od. ; post-paid, 8s_ HANDBOOK to AUSTRALASIA By W. FAIfl^ FAX. "Amass of information." 104. FafrftuJ and Co .Melbourne._ _ LETTS'S DIABIEB, 1860, various sizes aud bind- ings. James J. Blundell and Co., 41 OOUIOA etreet weat._^_-_ ÜSIC-A quantity or «lightly soiled MUSIC, as; half price. E, Arnold, 50 Elizabeth street. M "fVTKW MUSIC just arrived, vocal and instrumental« X1 including Ever of Thoo, Little Nell, and ottuc favorite ballads, at M'OulIooh and Stewart's, 2T Col Ilns-Btreot west. NEW BOOKS, at greatly roducd prices, durfaac this week only. E. Arnold, 60 Elizabeth Btrcet. o RATOBIOS, in oloth or paper, Ulnck's OrgtK _ ' School, Handol'a Choruses foi organ. Jo»pt*, Wilkie'«, Qolllns-Btreet._!__!_ Tp-ÜBERÜ BÜBNS.-12 copies unsold of P10TURÏ X& inauguration as poat laureate, and toy, betas « »"Winter with Borns." Whon Bold, thoso worla at« out of print. Suitable for halls and rospcctablo hotol v Gordon and Golch, 108 Collina streot weat._^ OPURGEON'S BEKMONS, wholoBalo and rotali JD Dwight'», noar Parliamont Houses. aííoW ibojjjrht, exohangcd^or sold on commission, rpHS EXAMINER atid MKLBOURNB WKSKutC JL NEWS, a Journal of Politic», Literature, Art, and Social Progress, is published lu Melbourne erorjr Saturday morning, and delivered at an early hour te) subscribers in town and the Buburba i . A special edition is Issued every Triday afteraeaec in lime for the country malle, and posted to thefia*. dross of subscriber», as woll es forwarded for sale t« the various news agents throughout the colony.' The Subscription to the EXAMINER (payable 1st advance) is Six Shillings per Quarter, delivered IK town, or Seven Shillings if sent by post. Tbo quattunt lieg.u on tho 1st of January, 1st April, let Jotjr, «ai*. 1st Ootohor in each y ear. Í >, Subscribers ordering the EXAMINER at any tnur during the curronoy of a quarter aro oharged only foe the period for which they actually receive tho paper The EXAMINER ia designed to supply the «rant of a first-class Weekly Paper, long felt by large dawes oC readers in town, and by othors in the country dis- tricts, whose hands the daily journals do not regular! 7 reach. It Is liborallnpolitlos whilst maintaining! aoc ontire Indepondonce of parties and political organisa- tion» ; It» intelligence, complete and accurate, eui brought down to the latest, moment. A conslderabl-x spaoo devoted to original literary article!. a ho EXAMINER consists of Twenty Pages of (otaV columns each, and is thus the largost papor pub'lshe* lu Uto Australian colonies. 1 Printed and publisbsd by Gsoitox Dub, Oollloa stroet, Melbourno, to whom all advertisements, and communications may be forwarded. ) ILLIB, WE HAVE MISSED YOU, Nearer at« Doaror, Plccolomini Quadrlllon, Violetta Waite;, Joseph Wilklo'a, Colllns-gtreet _ B8TEBN VICTORIA, by Jamos Boawiofc 'Thomai Brown, Geelong; George Robertson, Kelboarno ; and all booksellers. 1 Drapery and Clothlae, A Pair Bedford cord TROUSERS, or Pants, fir order, 85>, shrank Fit guvranteed. B ' Jjobson_^_____ ASuperQne black FHOOK SUIT, superior da* trousers, 0 guineas Fit guaranteed Dobio«* 1U Bourke stroet_ _ APPOLD'S DE8IGNS for EMBROIDERY, price«1 _reduced 60 per cent 217 Bourke Btreet oatt ABSOLUTE HALE -The whole of the rich au« valuable STOCK of SILKS, Shawls, Mantles, DrcBsos, Infanta' and Childrens Clothing, &c; , al Mci.. James Finlay'», 17 Collins street east. Pncos of geo ii reduced to under cost price Early inspection sou« cited Term», cash BONNETS, FLOWERS, and BALL DRESS«* At Half Price MISS SAWTELL, 78 OoIIlns-atroot east. In announcing her Sooond Annual Sala of Mllllniff. will ofTer dallv, until tbo whole ii oloared, all hie very choleo stock of Bonnet», Flowers, and Ball Dressos At balfprioe, and the undor mentioned goods a st, reduction of 26 per cent, consisting of Ladles'and childron g orinollne hats Ribbons and feathers in groat variety £200 worth parasols Maltese collars, sleeves, and handkerchief» £600 worth Honiton lace, viz - Collars, aloevos, handkerchief», lappatn, coiffures, bertltes, edgings and floemolnga Ladies'and children's underclothing, stays, »ni corsets ABBUJE-TP.EE HATS constantly on SALB, ti? J Katzenstein and 00, 24 Littla CoUios-ntrea cast _I_ BRhSB COATS newest style and superior q ulity. Wright, clothier and outfitter, 01 Bourka, ntreet -«f-^KMTLÍCMKN'á FIR8T CLASS OLOXHIMJ \JC MADE to MEASURE, In the best stylo Tho subscribers respectfully intimato that Muir ntocks of CLOTHS, Tweeds, Trouserings, and Vest lugs la always complete, and the Tailoring; Departe m»ot under the superintendence of a Cutter ot drst-rato .>; llty >* j C larges strictly moderate. _. O and J ESPIE, Clothiers and Outflt'er«, 41 and 48 Bourke stroet east. _ ÀTB, flnost French felt, On BALt-, by Ledd'at and Schmidt, 88 Market street ff MADAME VICTORINE, 101 Flinders l.uo e»«. AB'ORTMENT of FRENCH STAYS, ah» French merinos, silk dresBts, &c; .VTO 00 QUEEN BTBEET -The undersigned bsr JL1 to intimate to the soft gooda trade of Meiboimq* Oio ong, and the various gold field», that, having taken tue abovo premises, and being In regular receipt of large shipments of good» from home, tuer Are enabled to SUPPLY the TBADE cheaper tua« »nyollwr warehouse In Melbourne The gooda wilt 1 e sold either in bulk or in lots, to suit purchaser». The following goodB aro now on sale, cc Sydenham* Maidstone, »nu 8U8303C Men's, boys', and yootha' doe and cloth trouser» Do do do white and drab mole do Do cord and bedford cord do Men'f, boys', and youths' doe and tweed veeU Scotch twill and fancy shirt« Men's doe and silk alpaca sacs Dungaree and dock Jumpers, and every otk«' r article suitable for the trade. * O OREEN and Co, ANAMA HATS, narrow brim«, on BAL«, ehe» ^ to olose account«, by Bright Brottux» »«* £*« oV www xss£[ 