MELBOURNE MARKETS. (From. Bear's Weekly.) CATTIK AVD SHF.EP.—The cattle market has again been veiy fully supplied, and the trade has been very dull at last week's rates. There was a large supply of sheep, with no alteration in price. There was a full supply of lambs, wWcli brought lis to 14s per head. The mai ket was glutted with calves; prices ranged from 25s to 26s per head, according to ' quality. HOUSES.—The market has been very brisk, and all classes of horses have been in demand Draught horses brought from 34Z to 637; also a lot of mares for export at an average of £28 10s. One team of working bullocks sold at £20-per pair. - The horse market is likely to be good for some lime; the demand f_>r Lidia slill continues, and holders would do well £o send in their stock. LAUDED PROPERTY.—rhe only sale we nave heard of during the week is some land at Footscray not worth reporting. FLOPR AKD GRAIN.- A fair steady business is doing in flour; supplies come more fieelv lo hand from South Australia, and some parcels of barrel have dropped in from the United State*, which keep the market in good supply. Adelaide sorts remain unaltered in price, and barrel flour is again more firm; any parcels of liie latter offered at 37s have found buyers, holders now demanding 38s The following are the quotations of the day— Adelaide, country brands, £17 10sto£17 15s, medium town £17 15s to £18, crown brand 1SZ 2s 6il, Margery's 1 SI 10s, Tasmanian, scarce 1 7/10s to 18/, barrel flóur, Haxall and Gallego brand, 38s. Both town and country mills are .fully supplied wiih wheat, and several parcels have come forward from South Australia; in consequence, prices "are somewhat ••easier; country w heat ranges fiom 7s to 7s 6d, South Australian 7s 6d to 7s Sd. Oats remain unchanged. 6000 bushels are to hand fiom Calcutta. The trade only purchase For immediate wants at the following rates—-Lis'.i and Scotch 4s 8d to Calcutta 4s lOd, Caltfornian 5s, Danish 4ś ód to 4s 6d, colonial 5s3d to 5s 6d. Bailey is dull of sale, there being no demand for seed yet. Califoriiian is on the market at.3s 'Ed ; • in colonial-grown, Cape, or English barley, there are no transactions to enable a quotation beiiig given. M iize is in light dem ind, aod find buyers in retail prices at 5s 6d to 5s 9d. Gram may be quoted at 11/ .10s. Bran is in good request, and sells . freely at 2s to 2s 1>1 on lU« wharf. ! HAT MARKET.—The market is st 11 o'er- ' stocked, and prices are giving v.av. We i quote as follows:—Best hay SI to 91, second and inferior 5Zto7Z; straw, 3Z to 3l i0s. LABOE.—The market has been brtter attended than for weeks past. Ploughmen, useful farm servants, carters, and shepherds "have been hired. Male domesiic servants have been asked for much m the usual average. Female servants have been in good demand, V^nd those of a superior class, and competent o perform the required duties, and possessing j references, met villi immediate situations. Married couples, also, iinve been li red for the interior rather freely. During the week the ] goveniment immigrant ship Jessie Mund , STI^E MIRISG | girls, and 4 infants. About half of the number of single women were assisted immigrants, and 40 o'hers went to Geclong, and -tlie remainder were hired from the -depot. Mechanics and skilled laborers in all trades are still without employment in considerable numbers, and great distress prevails. A very large number of carpenters and joiners are without work, though willing to hire at moderate wages, and work ten hours a day. Wages in most cases arc merely nominal, as many are compelled to go at a reduced figure. 