VESSELS IN H ARBOUR. ANV MART \, American ship, 480, Maeowan, Wlklnson's VC^urf, Wiltcfnson, Brothers, and Co., aifenti«. j ARMIV. Hamburgh 'hio, 624, Summer, Darlini? Harbour, K'rchncr and C'*., agenw. ABYSSINIAN, ohio. 1070, Thomas, Campbell's Wharf SUehrlrt, Wutt ar.d Co., as- nte. AMELIA BREILLAT, brig, 280, Morris, in Darling Harbonr, Fi«her. aeent. BBNARB8, P. and O. Company's steamer, 1800, Skotowe, Dar liu* Harbour, H. Moore, aeent. BLUB JACKET, ship, 1556. Frost, Circular Wharf, Brieriy, Drug and Co., agents. For London BELL4 VISTA, barque, 179, Limmex, at Maonamara's Wharf, J Macnamvra and Hon, agents. BLACKWaLL. ship, 838, Stewart, at Circular Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. Discharging. BSTTT, Danish brig, 260, Holmberg, in the Stream, Brown and Oo . atrents. JBUKXETr, brig. J3*. Soapleborn, at Victoria Wharr; H. Clark, aifit. For Melbourne/ CPT OP MELBOURNE, barque, 320, Maclean, at Flour Com twnv's Wharf, Captain, agent. ?CONDOR, French barque, 245, Barbe, in Darling Harbonr, Lo'prien and On,, agents. Fnr obarter. CAROLINE HORT, brig, 258, gqtum, in the Cove, G. A. Lloyd **d Co., agents/ CARIBOU, ship, 1060. Cameron, at Maenamara'e Wharf, Thacker . And Co . agentn. Por Callao. CORAL QUEKN, Rchoon-»r. 80, Shank, at Circular Wharf, J. Maenanara and Ron, aeents. DART, brig, 192, Jenkins Flour Co.*s Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agent'. For Port. Cooper. DAMASCUS, shlo, 964, Alexander, Campbell's Wharf, Menteflore, Graham, and Co., agents. . Por 'London, 5th November. ELECTA t, fcteip. BOSjCayser, atCamp^jell'e Wharf, G. A. Lloyd and Co., agents. EARL OF SHAFTSBORY. barque, 518, Wallace, at Maona mnra'^ Wharf, Brierley, Dean, and Co . agents. Discharging. E. CORNING, American barque, 822, Rotchia, ia the Stream, Captain, agent. FANNY FISHER, barque, 360, Sullivan, at Victoria Wharf, H. Clark, a (rent, , F. A GARRIQUES, brig, 200, Woodcock, at Flour Company's Wharf, Molison and Co., agents. For Adelaide. FOREST QUEEt, barque, 526, Stewart, Circular Wharf, P.N, Russell and Co , agents. GAZELLE, brig, 284, Downie, Darling Harbtur, ft. T. Ford, agent. GRATIA, brig, '189 Rodger, at Soguld'e Wharf, J. Malcolm and o.o., agents. Fnr Tongatoboo and Navigators. GALLILEE, Dutch barque, 623, Volb, Darling Harbour, H Moore, agent. For Batavia. GOVERNOR, brig, 190, Thompson, at Towns' Wharf, B. Towns and Co., agents. GOLDEN SPRING, brig, 189, Roiea, at Albion Wharf, W. Wriirht. agent. For Melbourne. GERTRUDE, brig, 290, Sherlock, at Grafton Wharf; S. A. Joseph, HARGRAVES, schooner, 189, Henderson, at Clrcolar Wharf, Capnin, agent. HELIOS, American 'hip, 730, Cartney, In the Cove, R. Towns, and Co., agents. For Hongkong. TT.M.S. IRTS, 26 gun*, T/Oring, Farm C^ve. H. M. 8. HERALD. 4 gone, Denham, Farm Cove. HEBE, brl? 198, Darling Harbonr, Captain, airent. JENNY DOVE, sohoooer, 108, Pagh, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. JOSEPH JOVE8, American ship, 784, Pendleton, Waterview Bay. Cnntaln. aeent. JOHN BANKS, ship, 750, Voang, Ciroular Wharf, Gilohrat, Watt, end Co., «ffen»s. F r Mauritius. JOVEN ROSARIO, Spanish barque, 290, Orriz, in the Stream, Rnhcr ond On., scents. JOHN ORMEROD, brig, 187, Sevier, at Circuter Wharf, Ebs worth and Co.. agents. For Adelaide. KATE KEARNEY, sohooner, 87, Dixon, at Grafton Wharf, R. T. Ford, flffent, Por New Plymouth. KL A WITTER, German ship, 922. Nohlssen, ofT Botts* Wharf, Brierly. D'ar-, snd Co., agents. Fnr 'reieht or charter. KITE. brig. 188. Baiihaohe, off Moore's Wharf, Lamb, Partrary, end Co., n gents, LORD RAGLAN ship, 928, Hardy, in the 3tream, Gilchrist, Watt, »nd Co.. agents For Bombay. LORD 8TANLEY, barque, 749, Williams, in the Stream, H. Moore and ^o., aaente. LALLA ROOKH. brig, 147, Simpson, Darling Harbour, ST. Bnilev, agent. For Feegeea. VATILDA, American sbip, 689, Lee, Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co., agents. Discharging. For Hongkong. MADURA, Dutch barque, 500. Van Leaurrear, Bott'e Wharf, Captain, agent. MARI x, brie. 150. Anderson, in Darling Harbour. Captain agent. ' MA HGARETH A. Danish brig, 166, Jessen, iB the Stream, Captain, agent. MARIA, brig, 200, Anderson, in Darling Harbonr, Captain, agent. NORMAN. American barque, 838, Ray, Stream, Captain, agent. It fitting. OSPREY. barque, 4'7, Allen, in Darling Hirbour, Griffiths, Fan ning, 8'd Co.. agents. OCEAN QUEEN. schooner. 121, McBurney, at Commercial Wharf, Laidley and Co., agents. For Melbourne. PROVENCAL, French rtnre-sbip, 4 gnns. Martin. Farm Cove, PRINCE85* AMELIA. Hamburg brig, 280, Groeneveld, at Lamb's j Wharf. Lamb, Parbury, agents. Diecharping. I 8EBASTO°OL. ship, 609, Luokie, Maenamara'8 Wharf, G. A. Llnvd mi() Co., agents. 8HAMROCK, brig, 260, Burns, D.rllng Harbour, R. T. Ford, ae*nt. SPRflY, schooner, 103, Macdonald, Grafton Wharf, J. Roberton, ejrent. TRT^ON. brig, 120, Sharp, in the Cove, J. Davis and Co., affent. TJTRE. brig. 276. Mackellan, Maonamara's Wharf, Tbacker and on., aoentg. Discharging. TARANAKI. sohooner, 18--, M'Leod, Darling Harbour. J. A. agent UNION, 'schooner. 120, Littleoote, Victoria Wharf, H. Clarke, apent. For Melbourne. VALIANT, brig, 'no, Brodie, Grafton Wharf, Mollison and Co., Fot Melbourne. VIMEIRA, ship, 1037 Swauson, at Ci^ular Wharf, Gilchrist, W»*t. and fV-.. agents. F^r London, 15tb November. VIRGINIE, Danish ship, 800, Prehn, in the Cove, G. A. Llnyd and Co., agentn. WILLIAM ALFRED, schooner, 130, Tin'ey, Flour Company's WbBrf. V E. Mumln, ap»nt. For Wellington. WOODLARK, barque, 280, Verney, off Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co.. icwits. WILD WAVE, brig, 179, Maughan, in the Cove, J. Malcolm, aeent. WILLING LASS, schooner, 116, Collins, Darling Harbonr, Cap tain, agent. ? . The Francis, sohooner, reported wrecked at tne entrance -t Port deFranoe, on the 1st instant, is tn«ured at the 8vdney Marine Office fo* £1000 on the vessel, and £300 on portion of the cargo. The Waratah fs.) left Cape Moreton on Monday, at 4 p.m., and experienced freBh southerly winds Bnd fine weather the greater piirr of the pass ite. The Aurora Australia wa» observed at 9 p m. of Tuesdav, lAtb. when off the Brother ?. The Marearet, schooner, «a« at Brisbane, loading for Sydney, when the Waratah Wt. The brig Marin left the bar on the 14th, and the schooner Vanquish was passed , off tbe pilot station, both bound for 8vaney. The Waratah brings nt» 49 ba'e* 1 bag wool, 11 bundles shins. 2 bogs beflria tallow, 60 hides, 73 packages bacon 154 bams, 138 ounoes gold duet. The cargo of the Sams- m eonstats of 329 bags mxise. ^ boxes eggs, 1 keg tobacco, 1 keg butter, 1 1 pigs, 1 horse, 60 begs oyster*, and sundries. The 8amson left the Manning bar at eleven a.m. on . Friday; she passed the Eagle steamer attwo p.m. off Cape Hawke. The Australia. Martha, and Sarah hod arrived is the river. Tbe Jessie, lightning, and iB ilus were ready for sea. The Margarethe left Valparaiso on the 3rd August ; an English barque for this port also left in, company 'with ber. Captain Jessen reports other ehlps loading for the colonies, although the price of flour was rising rapidly. The Fanny Fisher arrived on the i6tb from Valparaiso, bringing dates to the 9th of , August, being six days later than those received by the Margarethe, The only vessels loading w6re the Lord Hurdinge, tosailabout the I2tborAugUPt ; andth- Favourite nearly full. None others wer.' on the berth for the colonies. Captain Sullivan reports 'fine weather from the time of sailing until last Wednesday, when a gale came on from the northwurc, shifting to the southern quarter, during which he lost bis fore topsail. No vessels have been spoken. A heavy squall, accompanied with very vividfiightning, came on eudddenly from the N W., about 7 p.m. yesterday, the Kind h»ving shifted from N.E. The squall lasted about halfan ' hour, and blew with great vi -.lence during the night ; tie wind gradually Teered round to the N.E. again. The Cargo of the Illawarra consists of 32 bales wool, 8 bundles sbecpsklne, 42 bags wheat, 8 hides, and sundries. Tae Yarra Yarra (s.) left Moreton Bay for R -ckhampto& on the 11th instant. Dangbboub Shipping Accident and Prompt Remldv.— as the Concorde was being towed out of the coal channel to tbe Horse Shoe, on Thursday week, she struck on an anchor in the channel, and it was found, on sounding the pumj a, that ehe was making a great deal of water,— some lit inches per hour, in whicb state it was impossible ehe couid proceed on her voyage to Launceeioa, whither sue was bound. At the euggeBUM of the harbour master, Captain Allan, application was made to rtessrs. Mitchell and Co., of Sydney, who promptly despatched their diving machinery and men, and by Monday morning the ship was again ready to pro ceed on her voyage as tieht as when she entered that port. The diver reported that the fluke af the anchor had gone quite thromrh her outside plank, making a email hole, through which the water rushed, but which he was enabled to plug up and render tight, oovering the hole with a piece of sheet lead welt nailed, sufficient to take her to any part of the world —Newcastle Chronicle. The E. Corning, American whaler, b&* put in for uupplies. She iB 49Vg monthB out from New Bedford, and has been cruising on the line. 8h- reports the 8 -rah Ann, at Pitt's I&laud;, on the 12th. August, 22 days from Sydney. An American ship has also been «een off Howe's Island, on Wednesday last. The E. Corning is last from Pleasant Island. The Jourier, ketoh, from Twofold Bay, brings up 45 tons pota toes. The Kate Kearney frtfm New Plymouth has made rather a lon£ passage of seventeen days, oscasioned by strong W.S. W. gales and calms. Cai-tain Dixson reports the Lord Ashley, (s.), as having sailed for Ne-son on the 30th ultimo, but owing to a heavy gale that was blowing at the time she was unable to get her purser on board, the sea running too high on the beach to launch the boats. The Don Juan from Moreton Bay brings ap 20 bales woo!, 140 hides, and 14 bundles skins. Tbe Maria brings up 40,000 feet of round pine. Observatory, Sydney.— Latitude 33-51-41 1' 8., longitude lOh. 4m. 59.50s. Tbe Time Ball drops at lb. 0m. 0s. Sydney mean time ; or 14h. 55m. 0.5s. Greenwich mean time. The Gertrude left Nelsun on the 5th Instant, but brings no later papers. The first ten days of the passage were attended wi' h heavy westerly gales, and the latter part light baffling wjodt. The Emma sailed on the 3rd instant, for Taranaki. The rfartha, from Melbourne, arrived same day. The Moa, hence, for Auck land, was sighted 160 miles east of these Heads ; also the Win. fred, standing to the eastward. T&ial; op thb Lire Boat —Yesterday, at noon, the principle of self-righting was tested off Dariey's slip, in the presence of the several members of the Pilot Board. Three separate trials were made. The lite-boat being taken under the stem of a vessel and capsized by means of a parbuckle, but the experiment wan fur from satisfactory, as on 'each occasion, instead of a: onoe righting, die remained floating bottom up until canted by the tackle at tached; to her ; the principle therefore failed. On the other hand, mere than one cause may be advanced which has produced this result, vie,, want of sufficient weight of keel, water getting in the air hoses, or the want of sufficient motion on the water. Any cf these might account for the defect, bat unless that is corrected, she is totally useless for the ourpof-e for which she is intended. The life-boats which were imporud to the colony ftom England to here, capsized in the same manner, righted at once ; so that ti e | principle is evidently correct, the fault pr jbably lying in eoma i minor detail. The Virginie left Manila on the let August, and experienced * very severe typhoon, inride Bashee Islands, which compelled her to come the outside p iaaage ; here &he; fell in with a second Typhoon, fortunately, the only accident was the loss of some canvas. The Belleton was loading for 8ydney, and would sail about tbe 85th of August. No arrivals are reported, nor have any vessels been spoken. Doneoai, JsiMioBANTfl PER Caribou.— .Some enquiries having been made by a correspondent respecting certain families at pre sent on board ship, who, unlenB provided for. wi 1 be throw a entirely on their own resources, we have been enabled to glean the following particulars The Caribou arrived in this port un tbe 4th instant with 3S7 immigrants, the principal part being oomposed of a poor though respectable class of persons who cdaie to the colony under the auspices of t) e Donegal Relief Fund Committee. Of these sixteen families are at present on ~buar-2, who cannot meet with employment of any bind. The time claimed by the charte ers of the sbip will exp.re on tbe 2ntb, but as yet no provision has been m^de fur tneir maii a tenance by the committee, and if the charter p«rty were oitrieu out in its int grity, these unfortunate families would be expelled the ship, and left to seek support as best they might. Captain Cameron the commander of the Caribou, has pi ced himueir in communication with the Immigration B'»rd, respecting thtm, but the reeult has not as yet transpired; at the same time he has expressed his di^terminijon to allow them to remain by tbe ship, until proper arrangements are made for their accommodation. The eurgoa,^. superintendent, together with the captain and officers, speak m I tbe highest terms of the exemplary cocduct of these parties «ince leaving Liverpool, and it is imperative that something should be done to afford relief to a number of persons whose helpless con dition ia eo apparent. 