ABBTBACT OF BALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Vessra. Stbons and Perry.-At the promises Swan streot, Richmond-Household furnituro. ïr. A. G. M'Combe- At Beaver's Mart, Collins streot -Spirits, wines, alo, porter, damaged flour anil bran, Gouda cheeso, Danish oatB. colza oil, office) furnituro (damaged), Ac. Jtsasrs. Beauchamp Bromers.-At their rooms, Queen-street-Furniture, iron bedsteads, iron- mongery, hardwaro, &c.; aietBTfl. Ryan and Hammond.-At Market-yards-» Durham and Ayrshire bulls. VaetB. J. Lyons and Co.-At their rooms, Bourko strcct-Glasswaro, ironmongery, brushworc, jew ellery, perfumery, saddlory, fancy beads, &e.; Herns. W. Easby and Co.-At tho Australian Wharf -Cargo of cedar ex Josephine. At Smith and Merry's offices, Queen-street-OfDco furniture, maps, lie. Vt. N. Kinsman.-At tho promises, Hoddle-streot, Collingwood-Housohold furnituro, io. At the ground, Napior street-Freehold property. At premises, Georgo-street-Household furnituro. atours. W. L. Lees and Co.-At their stores, Collins strcot west-Produce. Jletsrs. FRAsEa and Cohen.-At Dcgravcs's Freo Stores-Oats. At their rooms, Collins street -Canadian and oloth caps, Panama and felt hats, floorcloths, clothing, drapery, oilcloth, &o.; 3fr. Simms.-At his rooms, Queen streot-Land in Bedford-street, Flomington-road ; also, freehold property In Dudley-street, and m Stanloy-street, West Melbourne County Court Saia-On tho premises, Darobin. Crook-Household furniture, cows, calf, poultry, farming implements, 4c. Jlcfsr«. M'Caw and Another.-At tho Royal Horse Bazaar-Horses and vehicles. 3Jr. W. J. LOTiiERiNQTON.-At Uawley's yards, Bourke, street-Horses. Bales by Auction. THIS DAY. Housohold Furnituro. To Partios Furnishing, Furnituro Brokers, and Othors. SYMONS and PEERY have received instruc- tions from J. M. Llowellen, Esq., Walpole Cot lago. Swan-street, Richmond, to SELL by AUCTION, <ntho premises, on Friday, Novombor 26, at twelve o'clock, Thowholoof his housohold furniture and effects, consisting of Mahogany dining tables Cane-seated chairs Horsehair sofa Chiffonniere Pior glass Chimnoy ornaments Fcnoers and flrolrons Brussels and KiddcriuinBtcr carpets Iron bedstcadf, singlo and doublo Washstands, dressing tables Looking glasses Kitchen lum 1 turo, Jie. Terms at Sale. MONDAYi NOVEMBER 28. Extensivo Sale of Valuable Freehold Properties, Situated on the Banks of The Yarra 'Sorra, at Heidelberg, And On the Goulburn River. ÇJYMONS and PERRY havo received inBtruo lO tiona from tho owner to SUBMIT to PUBLIO COMPETITION, at thLir rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, November 28, at twelve o'clock, The following valuablo properties : Land at Heidelberg, consisting of 414 acre» of very uno agricultural soil, situate near the splendid mansion of J. Hawdon, Esq., and being on the banks of tho Yarra Yarra River. This proporty wUl bo subdivided into two lots, each liaving tho advantago of a water frontage to tho river ; Xcsldes, on the low cr portion of the abovo property, 3s a splendid orchard, well stocked with the choicest fruit trees, and a markotgardeu ; and on the higher Jiortlons of this truly magnificent property aro erected two farm-houses j and i» in every respect well adapted inrtho erection of suburban residences, being situate -Mithin so short a distauco of Melbourne, with a good »osd the whole way. Land at tho Goulburn Rivor, Comprising four sections, a. r. p. No. 9, containing 202 0 0 10, do 230 1 80 l8, do 75 2 0 16, do 102 8 0 Tho abovo ?valuablo proporty is situato on tho south lank of the Goulburn River, and consists of Rieh Alluvial Land, and is within half-a milo of Seymour, and only 2 milo Jrom Tallarook and tho Reedy Creek Diggings, How so Justly famed for its rich alluvial land and quartz-diggings. The whole of the land is securely fenced in, and. the gi cater poition is now under cultivation. Title, Crown grants to tho vondor. j The abovo valuablo properties are now being sub- ' divided, and plans, &c.;, can bo inspected at the rooms «f the auctioneers, where also all information respect- ing them con bo obtained. Terms-Quarter cash, quarter by accoptanco at six Months'; balance can remain on mortgage at 8 Tier cent, per annum, if required, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. Building Sites, Township of Warringal, Heidelberg. CJYMONS and PERRY have received instruc |3 tlons to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Monday, Novombor 28, at twelve I «'cloek, Tho following splendid building sites, viz, Allotment 8 of Section 4, GO feet to Buckland-streot. Allotments 0,7, and 0, of Section l8, 00 feet each to Capo-street. Allotment 10 of Section l8, 66 feet to Cape-street, and 380 foot to Darcbin-street. Allotment 11 of Soction 13, 830 feet to Darcbin street, and 06 feet to Hawdon-street. Allotments 12,13.14,16, and 16 of Section 13, each 00 feet to Hawdon-street. Allotment 0 of Section l8, 60 foot to Hawdon-street. Allotment 12 of Section l8, 06 feet to Main-Btrect. AllotmontlO of Section l8, 06 feet to Hawdon-street, and 830 feet to Darobin-streot. And Allotment 11 of Section l8,830 feet to Darebin-stroot, and 60 feet to Main-street. These aro all most desirable situations, and worthy the attention of speculators and others. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30. ¡To Persons Seeking Investments, Speculators, and Others. Valuablo Allotment of Land In the City of Melbourne, Situated in Qdoeu-streof, nearly opposite the i Union Bank. BYMONS and PERRY have received instruc- tions to S ELL by PUBLIO AUOTION, at their rooms, Collins-streot, ou Wednesday, November 30, at twelve o'clock, All that pieco or parcol of land, In tho city of Mel- bourne, being part of Soction No. 3, having a frontage of 20 feet 9 inches to Queen-street, by a depth of 90 feet to a right-of-way 12 foot wide, on which aro erected the present buildings now in the occupation of Mr. Charlos M'Pheo, Forwarding Agont, and Mr. William Crutch, CoachbuUder. Terms declared at sale. The position of the above-described proporty is saoh that it requires no comment from tho auctioneers, situated as it is in one of tho best and most business jiortsoftho City of Melbourne, Within a vory Bhort distance of the Custom-houBO, Telegraph Office, And is immediately opposite The Union Bank. Tor particulars of title application to be modo at the dil co of Messrs. Klingenderand Charsloy. MONDAY, DECEMBER 6. Turrot Lodge. Cue of tho most Dosirablo, Valuable, and Improving Properties in the Colony of Victoria. To Merchants, Bankers, and Others in want of a Beautiful Residence. , ßYMONS and PERRY have received instruc- tions from John Johnson, Esq. to OFFER for ¡PUBLIC COMPETITION, at tholr rooms, Colllns tlrcot, on Monday, December 5, at twelve o'clock, His delightfully-situated residence, TURRET LODGE, having a frontage to the Great Dandonong-road, 3 chains wide, of 248 feet, by a depth of 876 foot to Nolson-stroot, and exactly opposito tho Reserve, the Catholic Chapel, and the Church of England, now in eourso of erection, lho house contains the following rooms, finished in Ihc most olaborato manner, viz. :-t < Ground Floor. ? Drawingroom, 44 feet x14 feet, divided with foldinc; ] doors Diningroom, 16 focl¡ x 15 feet Library, 15 feet x 14 feet 6 inches Bedroom, 13 feet x 12 feet Bath-room, with Carrara marble bath, tank, and piping completo for hot and cold water, wator closot, &c.; Kursery, 12 ft. X14 ft. ' Smokingroom, 12 ft. x 8 ft. 0 in. Butler's pantry, with larga safe, and water laid oil, l8 ft. x 8 ft. Tantry, with eupboards, 17 ft. x 6 ft 6 in. J'ntrauco-hall, 12 ft. by 11 ft. 0 in., and passagos, 24 ft. 0 in. x 8 ft. 6 in. Loft Turret. ,' "ft ide winding staircase. .,',". Iront bedroom, 10 ft. x 14 ft., with drcssingroom, 10 ft. x 9 ft. 0 in. Back öedroom, 14 ft. x 11 f t. ¡ Passage, 10 ft. 0 in. x 8 ft. 0 in., and watercloset. Right Turrot. Wide winding staircase. Front bedroom, 14 ft. x14 ft. Back bedroom, 12 ft. x 10 ft., and passage, 8 ft. x 3 ft. Oin. Middle Turrot room, 12 ft. 0 in. by 11 ft. Out bouses. Kitchen, two bedrooms, coachhouse and Btables, and all tho usual .requirements for a gonileman's establishment. The cround contains about 3 acres, is very tastefully laid out. and planted with the choicest collection of ¡brui)», roses, bulbs, and flowers, of ovcry variety, pro CU^eaÄndt fenced ali round, twined In with actes and beautiful croopors, a-d shaded with weeping ("Öh^kltchongardcn is-well stocked with vines, frult ^Thó'ilffgnton'BaÚway passes close to, and thora -»ill bo a terminus in Cnapel-stroot, Prahran, only »lout 160 yards from tho proper». »"»"", It is surrounded by tho residences ol tho elite of »¿bourne, command') a most magnlflcont view of the lay and the surrounding1 channing scenery. An Tlisinm in this goldon.lond. lithographic views may be seen at the rooms of tho auTlK «ho will also furnish cards to Inspect the iicniise», -which wüT be on view any day (Sunday ex- il pttö) from 10 to 12 o'clock a.m. . , '"*-'*.' xitlo unexceptionable. , Zcno», Liberal, declared at Sole, s MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. * Splendid Building Sites at Holdolborg. YMONS and PERRY have received instruc Ö tiona to SELL by AUCTION, at tneir rScî CoUins-strcet, on Monday, November 28, at twelve ¿oclock, The following splendid Bites nt Heidelberg : ÀUAÎÎ ploco or Parco1 °r ]and, being Lots IO and 17 ïrïm^18' "j^0 ma«° o{ HeldoCrg, pírish1^ Lot 2. Being Lot 11, In Block 4, containing 1 rood. A valu- able corner allotment in Brown and Capo streets. Lot 8. Bo^,Lot 8/ ll\?1°,c!i; Vontaminf" 1 rood, having a frontage to Buckland-street nn3 the adjoining lot to tho Wosloyan Chapel. b Tho wholo of tho above havo splendid views, and Well worthy theattentlon of speculators, and to bo sold _ _TennB nt Snip. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. ' . 1,000 Casks Moi Ice Cox's Stout. _ " , At Foxton and Jones's Storo. ToJWine and-Splrit Merchant«, Storekeepers, and , Others. SYMONS and PERRY havo received instruo tlons to SELL by AUCTION, at Messrs. Foxton and Jones's Storo, Flinders lane, on Monday. Novem- ber 28, at eleven o'clock, " 1,000 casks Morico Cox's stout, each 4 doz. _ Terms at Salo._ THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1. Clearing-out Salo of Marblo Chimnoypieces, At tho Storo of Mr. A. Wolfon, \- 44 Elizabeth-street. C* YMONS and PERRY havo received instruc Kj tions to SELL by AUCTION, at tho storo of Mr. A. -Wolfon, 44 Elizaboth-streot, on Thursday, December 1, at twolvo o'clock, 20 whito veined Italian marblo chimnoypieces 10 black do do 8 mottled do do. _Torms at Sale. THURSDAY and FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8 and 0 Important Sale of Farms, High-bred Cattle, Fat Sheep, Horsos, Furni- ture, &e.; At Charlotto Plains, Carisbrook. T71DWARD ROW and Co. have received in JTj structionB from H. N. Simson, Esq , prepara- tory to his leaving tho district, to SELL by AUC- TION, on Thursday and Friday, December 8 and The following valuoblo property, viz. ¡ The Stoneyhurst Farm, of 180 acres Ardborg, 100 do The Curragh, 40 do, sltuato in the immcdlato vicinity ot Carisbrook, all fenced in, and partly cultivated. Tho soil is of the most suitable character for successfully carrying on terming- operations. £00 head high-bred Durham cattle, consisting of dairy cows and their incroaso, by pure bulls 10purebred bulls 10,000 fat sheop 60 head horses, consisting of well-bred mares and their progeny, by Warhawk and Conrad; stock and draught horses. Farming Implements.-Every requisito for con- ducting tho bUBlness of an extensive farmor, including steam thrashing- machine, of eight horse power, by Claj ton and Shuttleworth. Also, The household furniture, comprising Dining, drawing, and bed room suites, cooking utensils, Se. In calling attention to tho foregoing tho auctioneers deem it unnecessary to enter into a longthonod de- scription of the stock, Mr. Simson's well-known re- putation as tho owner and breeder of first-class cattlo being srufliciently before the public. They would rework that as it is the wish of tho owner to accom- modate all classos of purchasers, the stock will be offered in lots to suit the small as well as the large capitalist, and upon liberal terms, which will bo de- clared at time of salo. Lunch each day at twelve o'clock. Sale to commence at one o'clock sharp. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0. Immediately aftor tho Sale of tho Stock belonging to H. N. Simson, Esq. "CID'WAB.D ROW and Co. (by instructions JPj from tho trustees in the cstato of the lato D. O. Simson, Esq ) will Oi FER to LET, on leaso for »even years, tho ARDMORE ESTATE, Known as tho Bald-hill, near Carisbrook, consisting of 1,600 acres of primo land, subdi- vided into fivo paddocks If not disposed of in ono lot, will bo offered in portions to suit. MONDAY, DECEMBERS. Important to Railway Contractors, Browors, Farmors, and Others, Solo of Cart Horsos. TjlBWAED ROW and Co. aro instructed by JQj Mr. James M'Konzie, in conscquonco of tho com- pletion of his contracts, to OFFER for PUBLIC COM- PETITION, at thoir j ords, Bourko-strect, on Monday, December 12, Tho wholo of his first-class cart horses-30 hoad. There nover was a bettor opportunity of procuring primo horses In Melbourne than the present, this lot being unequalled in tho colony for size, power, and ac- tion. They are thoroughly sound, and of a mild and tractable temper ; in short, possessing all the qualities to render thom perfect cart and farm horses. They will bo sold without reserve ; togothor with all the drays and harness. -PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Tuesday, December 20. Extensive Solo of Costly, Elegant, and Superiorly mado Household Furniture and Effects. Massho Silver and other Plato. Splendidly-made Carriage, and Pair of the Best Carriage Horses in tho Colony. Two Beautiful Riding or Buggy Horses. Expensivcly-mniio and fino-toncd Semi-Grand Piano, by Erard ; also, Grand Piano, by Erard. Choice Services cf Glass and China, Pictures, &a;, WALTON and Co. havo received instruct-, j tiona from William Kajo, Esq (who Is about* . - . .Jit iEuropo, by the December mail) to SELL by AUCTION, at his mansion, in Southey-strcot,1 St. Bilda, on Tuesday, Decomber 20, at eleven o'clock precisely, ' The whole of his magnificent and superbly-mado furniture, manufactured by the celebrated maker Thwaites. I Tho drawlngroom suite is of the most costly mate- rial, with tho richest silk domask coverings, curtains, (co. Double-gilt largest size olaboratoly-carved chlin noy-glass Peri cot-toned nnd higbly-finishedsemi-grand piano, . by Erard, Also, A grand piano, by Erard Ornaments, &c.; The dinlngroom furniture is of tho most solid and tastefully-made description. ; The bedroom furniture, hangings, <tc, as also In every part of this well furnished houso, everything Is of the very best make and material, and cannot bo surpassed by any gentleman's establishment in the colony. The plate is mest elaborate, massive and costly, and the china and glass services havo boon selected with tho greatest caro and refined tasto. The large assortment of linen and other articles, forming a portion of tho requisites of the houses aro all of tho best description. The exceedingly well-built and oxponsivoly-mado carriage, and well-known beautiful pair of carriago horses, form ono of the most perfect equipages m the colony. To gentlemen and ladies about to furnish, clubs, hotel proprietors, furniture dealers, and othew, tho above solo will offcran opportunity to purchase a class of furniture, &e.;, of so suporior a description that it is but raroly mot with in the colony, as well as ovcry requisito for furnishing of the vory best material and workmanship. ' Further particulars will bo glvon in future adver- tisement, and ovory information will be aflbrdod at the ofllco, 107 Collins-street west. ( MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. Positively for Sale Without Reserve. In the Rising Township of Yarraville. TI/t"K. G ADD is instructed by tho owners to I*! SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the ground, «¡ve minutes' walk from the Footscray Railway Sta tlon, on Monday, November 28, at twolvo o'clock, without resorvc, A capital dwollinghouBO, .consisting of Ave room«, cellar, outhouses, stabling, and a splendid garden under beautiful cultivation, standing on 12 allot- ments of land; each 20 by 70 feet, the wholo fenced in. T Also, Two allotments, each 20 by 70 fcot, in tho same township, being Lots^O and 24, in Andorson and Simpson strcots. The above property will bo sold subject to a mort »pee of £100, which has about 12 months to run, and the i urchascr may either take It up or atail himself of the time afforded by the deed. Tho property at pro tent U in the occupation of Mrs. Bottomley. The auctioneer cannot refrain from stating tul» property is delightfully situato and commands a fino «anoramic view of the surrounding country, in dose proximity to the Railway Station about to bo croctod immediately. . ~~~~ "' . . I After the solo of tho abovo proporty, Mr G»dd will Boll, without rcsorvo, to the highest \- bidder, The whole of the household furniture and effects. Also, i A completo sotol churning Imploments.a splendid milking cow, kitchen utensils, and a quantity of household linen. ' The auctioneer's remarks aro simply, there is no reserve The whole- muat "bo sold on Monday next. All communications to bo addressed to the auc- tioneer, Footscray. Title pcrfcot. _Terms-Cash._I WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7. | The Bunguyan Station, In the Western Port District. ' \7 ATJGHAN and TVII-D have tataractod tholr Edward Wild to SELL by PUBLIC ÀUO. TI ON, at Bear's Exchange Rooms, on Wednesday, December 7, at two o'clock. The Bunguyan, in the Western Port Patriot, 85 miles from town, with the Block of v.clt-brod horses and cattle depasturing thcroon. The mu comprises about 26 square mues or woil «rossed country, nearly 4,000 acres being securely ?tnced-ln and subdivided into thioo paddocks. At the homestead, which is on purchased land, theio is a comfortable house, with out-kitchen, dairy, stable, barn, &c.;, a garden .well stocked with fruit ti ces in full bearing, cultivation paddocks, goed stock ^»^ds, and all Uio other requisites for an extensive dairy and breeding Btatlon. ' The station will besold either with or without the bone stock, and with such a numboi of cattlo not ox feeding 600 head as may suit the convenience of the PBÏOT*imtiier parUculars app'y to Vaughan and Wild, ÇvKS-ftrett. to visit AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. ~" S J consequence o the DESTRUCTION of rai AUCTION MART by FIRE this morning'Sj ... ÇTÏSS, SAL*» for »ho present will bo HELD at the MART of Mr. F. E BEAVER, noxt the Crite- rion Hotel, Collins street, that gentleman havinir kindly placed his rooms at my disposal. * ,. ,. A G. M'COMBB Melbourne, November 16,1869. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. TO Owners of Goods Stored at Mr. A. G. M'Combo'a ' Auction Mart. 3r«]?^3uestc<1 thnt a11 CLAIMS on account of L «COOS DAMAGED by the LATE FIRE may o SENT to Mr. M'COMBE within fourteen days from this date, otherwise thoy will not bo allowed. Melbourne, November 16, 1869. THIS DAY. To Brewers and Dealers. 65 Pockets Kent Hops, 1867. A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _£x» »t F. E. Beaver's Mart, Collins-street ("noxt tho Critonon Hotel),'On Friday, November 2S, at eloven o'clock, 65 pockets Kent hopB, 1867 50 bales Tooth's hops, 1856. Avery fino sample Torms at Salo. THIS DAY. To Furniture Dealers and Othors. "Unreserved Solo of Household Furnlturo and Effects. Salvage from the late Firo. A G. M'COMBE is instructed by tho _CJL» Directors of the Australasian Fire Insuranco Company to SELL by AUCTION, at F. E. Beaver's Mart, Collins street (next tho Criterion Hotol), on Friday, November 26, at clovon o'clock, Tho wholo of tho household and ofllco furnlturo saved from tho late fire, All moro or less damaged. To bo sold for tho benefit of tho Insuranco Company. Without Reserve THIS DAY. To Wino and Spirit Merchants and Others. Pobilive and Unreserved Sole of 240 Cases Brandy. 20 Quarter-Casks Do. 2 Bhds. Do. 2 Do. Rum. AG. M'COMBE is instructed by the con , slgneeB to SELL by AUCTION, otF.E. Beavor'a mart, Collins-street, noxt tho Criterion Hotol, on Friday, Novcmbor 26, at clovon o'clock, 240 cases brandy 20 quarter-casks do 2 hhds. do 2 do rum. In bond. To bo sold to close accounts. Without reserve. "_Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. ~~ To Wino and Spirit Merchonts and Others. -Unreserved Sale of Alo and Spirits. I A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, _£JL» at F. E. Bcavor's Mart, Oolllns-streot, (noxt ino Criterion Hotel,) on Friday, November 26, at eleven o'clock, 60 cases E. Luco'b vieux cognac IO do Tooth's alo 9 hhds. Salt's do. All to bo sold without reservo. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Cornfactors, Grain Dealers, and Othors. ' Solo of Damaged Flour and Bran. G." M'COMBE is instructed by tho im _.-porters to SELL by AUCTION, at F. E. leaver's Mart, Colllns-strcct, (noxt tbo Criterion Hotel,) on Friday, November 26, at cloven o'clock, Ex Favourite, from Valparaiso, 400 bags moro or los s Chilo flour 200 do do bran. Moro or leas damaged, And to ho sold for the benefit of whom it may j concern. Without roBorvo. i Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. A G. M'COMBE is instructed by tho im J\\.» portors to SELL by AUCTION, at P. E. Eoavor's Mart, Collins street (next tho Critorlon Eotel), on Friday, November 25, at cloven o'clock, 70 cases Gouda cheese. Each case 1 cheese To be sold for tho benefit of whom it may concern. Without Reserve THIS DAY. To Corn Dealers and Others. 100 Bags Danish Oats. To bo Sold for the Benefit of Whom it Moy Concern. AG. M'COMBE is instructed by the im . porters to SELL by AUCTION, at F. E. Heaver's Mart, Collins-street (noxt tho Critorlon Eotel), on Friday, November 25, at elovon o'clock, 100 bags Danish oats, In Uno order. To bo sold without roscrvo. Terms-Cash. " THIS DAY. . Clearing-out 8<ilo of Spirits, tie. 4G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, 0 at F. E Beaver's Mart, Collius-strcot (next the rion Hotol), on Friday, Novombor 26, at eloven o'clock. Sundry packages of Byass's porter, whisky, geneva, brandy, íte. t Duty paid. ' No reserve Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. To "Wine and Spirit Merchants and Country Store- keepers. 104 Casks Byass's Ale and Porter. AG. M'COMBE is instructed by tho im . porters to SELL by AUCTION, at. F. E. Bcavor's Mart, Collins street (noxt the Criterion Hotel), on Friday, November 26, at eloven o'clock, BA and BP, 07 casks B} ass's nie 7 do do porter, Each lour dozen. The balance of a shipment. Torms Liberal. THIS DAY. To Painters and Paporhangors. Unreserved Sole of 260 Gallons Colza OH, &c.; A G. M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION. xV . ftt F. E. Beaver's Mart, CollinB- street (next iho Criterion Hotel), on Friday, Novombor 26, at eleven o'olock, 260 gallons Colza oil, in 6-gallon drums 261 pieces paporhangings 22 kegs point 6 boxoB window glass 6 druraB linseed oil, &c.; No reserve. ' 1 Torms-Cash. B an ea PRELIMINARY NOTICE. 75 Coses of Winflold'n Patont Iron Bedsteads. EAUCIIAMP BROTHERS will SELL by I -.."UCTION, at their rooms, Quoon-street, on sa " day, duo notico of w hlch w ill bo given, 75 cases winfiold's patent Iron bedsteads, now in course of landing. , THIS DAÏ. To Ironmongers, Doalors, and Others. i Assorted Ironmongery and Hardware. TDEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by Jj AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Quoen-Btroot, on Friday, November 26, at clovon o'clock, 8 hhds. assortod ironmongery, consisting of Tin dippers and pannikins T hinges, [thumb latches Enamelled dishes D-H. shovels, Rabono's hatchots, rat-traps Hobblo-chalns, splitting-knives 601b. and 281b. iron weights IO ovvt. cast-steol 2 dozon frame-saws ' 4 do puddling-spades 25 do throb-hoop buckets 30 boxes cjothes-pins , \- I Also, 12 pairs blacksmiths' hollows, 20 to 81 Inch, more or less damaged. ¡ Terms-Cash._ 1 THIS DA!T. ''o Parties rurnishing, Dealers, and Othors. Furniture, Iron Bedsteads, &c.; "DEAUOHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by Jj AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Queen-strcot, on ïriday,Novombor 26, at eleven o'clock, An assortmont'of uîeful furniture, comprising Loo, ofllco, and other tables Chiffonnières, hair-seated sofa Commodos, towel rails, children s table chairs French four-post and Btump bedstcadB, and a vory superior oak bedroom tuite ' | Also, 26 immigrants' boxes, And A milch goat. , u i .Without Reservo._ THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1. 'Valuable Freehold Property, 'At Sandridge, Near the Bay and tho Melbourno and Hobson's Bay ! , Railway. ROBERT BYRNE has received instructions from the ownor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho ground, Rouse streot, Sandridge, adjoining Messrs. ThomusSwâllow and Co.'s extensive blsoiilt nmnufaotory, On Thursday, December 1, at twolvo o'clock precisely, , " Four choice building lots, each having a frontago of 20 feet to Rouse-street, by a depth of 92 feet to i a right-of-way at the sido and back 20 feet v> ide These truly valuablo lots aro In ono of tho best fcltuationBintho place, being closo to the Bay, con tiuuouB to the bxtonBlvo freo and bonded stores loto built by Samuel Gregory, Esq., and adjoining tho largest biscuit factory in tbo colony. ?J bo auctioneer invites parties on the look-out for i c ally desirable sites at Sandridgo to inspect the aboyo, and considers It Superfluous tossy moro than th.t Uitv aro to,bo sold, and not likely to have their nTateh in tho morkot for a long time, the other pro ieities adjacent being in tho hands of wealthy pro. mietOTB-vU;Captain Colo, S.Donovan, Esq., R.K. Gi cgory, Esq., and others. Terms liberal, , One-third cash ; residuo by bills at throe and six ( months'. . 7' ! THIS DAY. Durham and Ayrshire Bulls. T> YAN and HAMMOND will have for SALE, \~\, at tho Marketyords, Flemington, on iriday, ^vcmber 26, at eleven o'clock, i young well-bred Durham bulls. , 3 Ayrshire bulls. , Ajplj "7 ft.utl.c direct weet. THIS DAY. To Glassware Dealers and Othors. T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, .J» at thoir mart, Bourko-street, on Friday, Novomber 26, at eleven o'clock, Hie following goods, ex Ellon Hood, viz! 6 caskB tumblers, 5 to quart 4 do pint and quart decanters 0 do sugars and milks 6 do assorted Balts. In lots to suit purchasers. Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY, \- -« To Ironmongers and OthorsT T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, .Io ' at their mart, Bourko-strcot, on Fridav. Novomber 25, at elovcn o'clock, The following ironmongery, &o.;, viz: Assorted BhovolB, American axes, dung forks, __ potato forks, eooop spring balances, scales ano! weights, butter prints, yokes, adze-eyed hammers, French wood taps, mirrors, plated goods, &o.; " _ Terms-Cash. ' H THIS DAY. -- To Brushmen, Manufacturers, Dealers, and Others. T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION «J, at their mart, Bourke street, on Fridav' ¡November 25, at olovon o'clock, 10 cases assorted brushwaro, consisting of Long-handled cloth brushes Shoo brushes, superior mahogany backs, Nos. 1 Assorted hair brushes, Nos. §1 to 7 Horse and floor brushes, very suporior qualities Superior octagon cloth brushes, doublo backs ' Children's assorted hardwaro, &o.; _Terms-Cash. THIS DAYÍ To Jow ollera and Others. T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION jj « at their mart, Bourko-Btroot. on Fridav! November 25, at oloven o'clock, 8 casos assorted jewellery, &c;, consisting of Snake-stone and assorted brooches Assorted spectacles, with Brazilian nobbies, and Scotch, No. 1 German silver and other Bpurs Assorted skai lng brushes, ¿Va _Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. " To Porfumors, Hairdresaors, and Othors. T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, .J « at thoir mart, Bourke-street, on Friday, JNovomber 25, at olovon o'clock, 1 caso, 2 cwt. suporior Windsor soap. 1 do 2 do do 1 do 2 do assorted scented do 1 do assorted mahogany hand mirrors 1 do do fancy do do. _Terms-Cash. THIS DAY] ' ' To Ironmongers, Saddlers, and Gonoral Dealers. T LYONS and Co. aro favoured with instruc »I a tiona from tho Importers to SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir mart, Bourke streot, on Friday, November 25, at eleven o'clock, 1 case 20 dozen assorted Biddle girths 1 do suporior Btalncd dressing and other comb3 1 do assorted B M. toa, dessort, and table spoons 1 do do forkB 1 do do table and dessort knivos. After which, 1 case B. M. tea and coffco pots. _Torms-Cash._ THIS DAY. To Fancy Worohousomon, Dealers, and Othors. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION. a at thoir mart, Bourko-strcot, on Friday, No- vember 25, at cloven o'clock, The following involco of fancy beads, viz : 1 case, 180 dozen doublo bunches Op. beads, Nos. 1 to 14 1 case, do do 1 do, 100 dozen doublo bunches ambor beads, Nos. 8 to 12 1 do, 160 hundios black hollow do 1 do, 150 do L, crystal do 1 do, 160 do satin assorted do 1 do, 120 do best coral do 1 do, 21 groBB strings whito pearls, &c.; _,_Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. ~~ For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. J LYONS mid Co. will SELL, by AUCTION, « at their mart, Bourko-streot, on Friday, Novom- ber 26, at olovon o clock, One case merchandise, moro or loss damaged by sea Water, ox Champion of tho Seas, consisting of S. M., No. 1., Viz., Assorted spectacles, stool folders, assorted con groves, singlo and doublodo, metal spectacles, patont fusees, &c.; Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. ' "* To Saddlers and Othors. T LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, (3 m at their mart, Bourko street, on Friday, Novombor 25, at olovon'o'clock, Without the least resorvo, 4 esses honoycomb sponges (p. lb ) 1 do bottled iudiarubber (do) In lots to suit purchasers. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. For tho Bonellt of Whom it May Concern. LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at thoir mart, on Friday, Novombor 26, at -'clock, H U M (In squaro), Sec. 3,4, 7, Throo cases assorted copy-books, slightly damaged. _Terms-Cash._ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. ' A Direct Importation from tho most eolobrated Manu- facturing London Houses, To tho Gonoral Trade of Melbourne. Goolong, and Ballarat, and tho numerous Uold-Uolda, Se. Sale of Drapery, Clothing, io. f LYONS and Co. aro favoured with ill- ili» struotions from the importers to SELL hy AUCTION, at thoir mart, Bourko-strcot, on Monday, j November 28, at cloven o'clock, The following involco of first-class goods, juatlandad, and invoiced undor date August and September : 10 cases, each 24 dozen, twill regatta shirts 6 do Essex check doo trousers 2 do light tweed do 3 do men's plain light doe do 6 do do fancy doo do 10 do gentlemen's do twist tweed do ù do men's light tweed do 2 do gentlomon's fancy drill do 10 do men's lion self-mole do 10 do, each 12 do?on, fancy flannel shirts 10 dogentlomcn's shepherd's plaid trousers 5 bales twill regatta shirts, lined backs 2 cases gontlemon's wool tweed trousers 4 do do suporior fancy tweed do 4 do Scotch tweed do do 3 do gentlomon's diagonal tweed trousors 10 do suporior gontlemon's block doo trousers 3 bales superior assorted flatmols 3 do assorted ticks C cases mon's molo trousors 3 do (in boxes) gontlemon's fino linen shirts 1 do suporior Crimean shirts 2 do gentlomon's fashionablo summer sacs 2 do Bedford cord trousors 1 do gentlomon's superior military drill trousors 1 do China cloth coats 2 do ladles' and gontlcmen's assorted hosiery 1 do trentlcmon'e French faBhlonablo nats 1 do boys' and youths' assorted tweed and othor caps 1 do gontlemon's fancy plaid tweed caps 2 bales superior No. 1 Panama hats 1 case gentlemen's Beaufort tics, io. Terms-Under £100, cash ; abovo that sum, au approved bill at throo months'._ 1 8ATUHDAY, NOVEMBER 20. At Throo o'clock. To Parties Looking for a Bargain, Working-Classes, and PersonB Wishing for Freeholds. Sale on the Ground at Carlton, in Rathdowno, Elgin, Kay, Palmerston, and Pitt stroots. TjlDWARD DE CARLE is instructed by the fij Crown grantoo to SELL, IO allotments of land in the nbovo streets. The lots aro in line situations, and adapted-some for business sites, and others for privato residences. Terms, Liberal, at Sale, MONDAY, NOVEMBElt 28. Clearing-out Solo. At the Stores of Mr. Robert Wilson, Storekeeper, Brunswick. Owing to his Retiring from tho Business. On tho Premises, Sydney road. ' Groceries, Wines, Spirits, Provisions, Crockery, Glass- ware, &c.; TjlDWARD DE CABLE is instructed to SELL flj by AUCTION, at the stores of Mr. It. Wilson, tyuney-road, Brunswick, cIobo to the Melbourne City boundary, en Monday, November 28, at devon o'clock, All his stook-in-trado, consisting of Wines, spirits, provisions, groceries, horses, carts, ice., fixtures, and utensils in trade. Groceries.-Teas, sugars, coffees, bacon, butter ; herrings, rod and white ; spices, fruits, vine- gar, sauces, oils, mustards, biscuits, ¿te. Spirits, &c; -Bottled alo and porter, hock, claret, aauterne, colonial wines, gin, rum, and brandy. Sundries.-Crockery and glassware of ovory de- scription, scales, woights, fixtures,- and measures, 2 horses, cart harness, dec. ' Terms at sale. No reserve. The Owner Giving up Business. ' ' WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 80, Bate at the Rooms of Mr. Do Carlo, 78 KUzaboth street. i> By Order of the Mortgagee. No Reservo. DWARD DE CARLE is instructod.by tito ___ mortgagco to 8ELL, at his rooms, 78 Eliza «tn-ktreet, on Wednesday, Novomber 30, at twelve o'clock, One-fifth Bharo in the Queen's Arcado, running through from Lonsdale-street to Little Bourko streot, and subject to a bataneo of a mortgago of £200. Terms liberal. No Reserve. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 20. T LY O . ^ oloven ot T, At Eleven o'clock. T. NOBLE has received instructions from Mr. Maxey to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, 126 Flinders-lane east, on Saturday, Novem- ber 26. at eleven o'olock, Tho whole of his household furniture, comprising as follows :- , Dining-tables, sofa, chimney glasses, pier do, chairs, easy do, solar lamp, colonial sofas, ornaments, plate and glass ware, floor-cloth, stair carpets, double and single bedsteads, bedding, washstands and ware, looking-glasses, towel rails, tea and breakfast service, kitchen Utensils, &c; No Reserve THIS DAY. On the Australian Wharf. 16,000 Foot Log Cedar. 60,000 Do. Board Do. ToCabtaetmake^mÇAtnts, Contractors ?\ i \ and Others. ' W ?^f??Yian.d C,?- tT SEM by AUCTION, The cargo ex Josephine, from Richmond River comprising- * 60,000 feet fine log cedar 16,000, do do board do, j inch, J Inch, and 1 inch. The above cargo Is of very superior quality, and well deserving tho attention of the trade __^__Terms Liberal. _ ~~ THIS DAY "~~"^~' ...,_ ~T At Twolvo o'clock. At tho Offices of Messrs. Smith, Merry, and Co _ lue Queen street. * " Offlco Furniture, Maps, &o.; To Merchants, Furniture "Warehousemen, and Othera. W EASBY and Co. havo received instruc . tiona from MesBrs. Smith, Merry, and Co. to SELL by AU0TION, at their offices, 19J Quoen street, on Friday, November 25, at twelve o'clock, A quantity of ofllco furniture, comprising BiussoIb carpet and hearth rug Largo consuiting-tablo, blue cloth Small do, do 2 book-presses, with pigeon-holes 1 largo Iron safe, or iron stand IMilner'ssafo 1 double desk and 1 single do 2 copying prcssos 2 small tables 2 sets pigeon-holes 1 bureau 2 largo maps of the world 1 umbrella-stand Chairs and stools, &c; No reserve. Terms at Salo. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23. Bagatollc-Boards, Cues, and Balls. Oillco Fumituio, &o.; _ To Furnlturo Dealers and Othors. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, f f s at their rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Monday, Novombor 28, at cloven o'clock, Bagatolle-boards, cues, and balls. Also, An assortment of ofllco furniture. Without Resorve MONDAY. NOVEMBER 28. Parian and Alabaster Vases, Founts, and Imagos. To Gentlemen Connoissours in tho Fino Arts. TST EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION. TV » at tholr rooms, 33 Collins-strcot west, on Monday, Novombor 28, at olovon o'clock, A valuablo collection, comprising Parian and alabaster vases Images and founts. Torms-cash. Without Reserve MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. Elegant and Raro Chinoso and Japanrso Goods. To Merchants, Dcalors in Fancy Goods, Families, and Others. TXT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, TT . at tholr rooms, 33 Collins street west, on Monday, November 28, at cloven o'clock, A consignment of ologant Chinoso and Japanese goods, consisting of Chinoso paintings on ivory Do do, in oil Do do, on rice popor Ladles' workboxes Elegant curved ivory brooches Do do card baskets Japaneso ladies'scarfs Chinese and Japaneso walklngstlcks Do do screens And A largo variety of Chinoso toys and figures. > Without reserve Torms-Cash. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. Elegant French-manufactured Workboxos, Liquoar Froinos, and Glove Boxes. To Gentlemen, Boalors in Fancy Goods, and Othors. TXT" EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, T T . at their rooms, 83 Collliu- stroot west, on Monday, Novcmbor 28, at elovon o'clock, An invoice of vory elaborate Inlaid workboxos, llquour-fnimos, and glove-boxes. Also Some very splendid specimens ef coral from tho Mauritius. Without reserve Torms-Cash. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. Extensive Clearing Solo of Hardware, &c.; To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Othors. TT7" EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, TT . at tholr rooms, 83 Collins- strcot west, on Monday, Novomhor 28, at eloven o'clock, 30 hhds kitchen-ranges, Rothorham Foundry 26 cases rcglstor grates, black, ¿te, Yates and Howard 5 hhds. enamelled hollow waro 6 do do boilors 3 do do tinwaro, Shoolbred's, assorted 6 tons galvanised fencing-wire, 2, S, and 4 gauges 10 do Morowood's plain iron, 20 and 28 gauges 9 do hoop iron, 1-inch 26 do English-wrought spika-nalls, 7 and S inch 4 do Gilpin'* horso-shoes 6" tons best red lead, 1-cwt. kegs 1 case hand-saws, framo and Lancashire. AH in fine order, and lo bo sold. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30. At tho Yard, Willlam-strcot north, noxt to Mr. Som!. Amcss's Promises. 4,000 Best Red Baltlo Deals, 0x8. 8,000 Do Do, 11x8. 1,000 Do Do, 7 x 2J. 1,000 Do Do. 7x8. To Timber Merchants, Buildors, Contractors, and Othors. ~\\\T EASEY and Co. havo received instruc T V . tions from Messrs. E, F. Sichel and Co to SELL by AUCTION, at the yard, William-street north, next Mr. Saint. Amcss's, ou Wednesday, No- vcmbor 30, at oloven o'clock, The cargo ox Ariel, comprising 4,000 red Baltic deals, o x 8,10 to 28 feet lengths 3,000 do do, 11 x 3, do do 1,000 do do, 7 x 2J, do do 1,000 do do, 7 x 8, do do. Also, 46,000 rod Scotch T. and G. flooring-boards, 1J .30,000 wbltodo'do.: Tho abovo cargo uf. deals oro tbo well known Crown brand, and will ho found of very superior quality ; and the trâdo aro particularly roquostcd to attond this solo, as it will bo a favourable opportunity of renewing their stacks. Torms Liboral. THIS DAY. Freehold, Noplcr-Btroct, Fltrroy, Collingwood. N KINSMAN has received instructions to . SELL by AUCTION, on Friday noxt, No- vcmbor 25, at tnolvo o'clock, on the ground, Naplor strcet, All that choleo allotmont having a frontage of 43 feet 0 inches to Naplcr-strcot by 48 feot 0 inches deep to a right-of-way, with a small brick cottage Sale at twolvo o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuer, 3 Moor-street, Collingwood. THIS DAY. At Eloven o'clock Sharp. Elegant Household Furnlturo. Hoddlo-Btreot, Collingwood. TVT KINSMAN has received instructions from l\ . Mr. Merrifield to SELL by AUCTION, at the residence of Mr. A. Curtis, Hotldla-stroet, oppo- site the Church School, Superior housohold furniture, consisting of Mahogany horsohair-seated sofa, couch, oasy cbair, 0 rosowood spring-bottomed chairs, 8 cano do, 2 chests of mahogany drawers, largo mahogany side-tablo, largo gllt-f ramo mirror, carpot, clock, oil paintings, dlnnor-sorvlce, fender and Irons, kitchen utensils, &e.; Sale at elovon o'clock sharp, by N. Kinsman, auc- tioneer, 8 Moor-itroot, Collingwood._ THIS DAY. Household Furnlturo. KINSMAN lins received instructions to , » SELL by AUCTION, on the promises, To. 92 Gecrgo-strcot, near the Chapel, on Friday, November 26, at half-post twe, Cane-Boat chairs, rocking do, loo table, couch, pictures, oilcloth, fender »nd irons, mirror, venetian blinds, curtain and poles, iron bed- stead, palliasses, mattross, now pillows, washsland and waro, dressing-tables, toilet glass, bedstops, now Brussels carpet, kitchen utensils, &c.; Solo at half-post two o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auc- tioneer, 3 Moor-strcot, Collingwood._ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. Freehold, Cambridgo-Btroet, near Stanloy-street. N KINSMAN has received instructions to . i SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, on Mon- day, November 28, Two verandah weathorboardcottagos, of throo rooms each. > Tho land has a frontage of 38 feet to Cambridge street, by 04 foot deep. For positivo sale Torms-One-hair cash, and threo montliB. Sale at two o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and house agent, 8 Moor-street, Collingwood._ " : MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. Land and Weatherboard Cottago. Cromwell-stroot, East Collingwood. N KINSMAN will OFFER for SALE, im s mediately after the salo of the brick house, tlarmsworth-strcot, on Monday, November 28. A threo-roomed weatherboard houso, with land 45 feet frontago to Cromwoll-Btroet, by 125 feet deep. This property is pleasantly situated near Gipps street, near tho Willow Tree. N. Kinsman, auctioneer, 8 Moor-street. THIS DAY. At Twolvo o'clock. 2,448 Bushols Tasmanian Oots. WL. LEES and Co. will SELL by AUC . TION, at thoir Store, Collins-street west, opposite tho Western Gaol, on Friday, Novombor 26, at twnlvoe'clock, 2,148 bushels Tasmanian oats, To be soldat tho risk of tho former purchaser. Without any reserve. Terms at Sale THIS" DAY. WL. LEES and Co. will SELL by AUJ m TION, at their produco stores, Collins meet wcBt, cn Friday, November 25, at twolvo o'clock, . 1,000 bushels bran £00 do Californian oats. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. " "",,s To Cornfactors, Dealers, and Othors COO Bags Oats. TjIRASER and COHEN havo received instrao J? tiona to SELL by AUCTION, at Messrs. Degraves and Co.'s Free Stores, on Friday, November 26, at eleven o'clock, 000 bags oats, each 8 bushels. _ -. Terms at Sale. > THIS DAY. ~~ 88 Cases of Suporior Folt Canadian and Cloth Cans. Ex Kensington. IFE£8SR and COHEN will SELL by AUC nteleveÄck,"10 "** °n Frlday' *««*».« «* Ex Kensington, " ;¿-~ BB "* diamondr - coÄpof-iUp,!ri0r ,0lt ******* cloth ans. Block felt Canadians -\ ii Brown do do , , Mouse do do , Slate do do Lavender do do Fawn do do White do do Gontlemen's cloth regulation ca Do fawn do do Do cloth voluntoor rifle do t , Do shepherd's plaid do Do French stitched military peak do Boys' and youths' assorted do. Torms at Salo. THIS DAY. ~ Panama Huts. French Felt Do. Crinoline. IilRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC 1 _TION, at the Mart, on Friday, November 26. at eleven o'clock, ' 0 serons of lino Panama hats 5 cases of French felt do 1 do crinolino. Terms atïSalo. THIS DAY. 14 Cases Floor Cloths. On Account of Whom it May Concern. ÏIRASER and COHEN havo received instruc- tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms on Friday, Novombor 25, at eloven O'clock, 14 cases floor cloths. Slightly damaged. _ lorms-Cash. THIS DAY. Important Salo of 107 Balos and Cases of Seosonablo Clothing and Drapory. Ex Indoninlty, JjlRASER and COHEN have rocoived instruo . tionB from tho importors to 8ELL by AUC ON, at tho Mart, on Friday, November 26. at eleven o'clock, . Ex Indemnity, i AB, 107 bales and cases of Men's millorB' molo trousors Boys' and youths' do do Mon's imitation Bedford cord do Do whito and brown drill do Plain and fancy doo do Steel groy do do Bedford cord do Block cloth Alllanco sac coats Fancy and plain doo do Do do shooting vests Crimean shirts White shirts, L F. and O. Scotch twill shirts, L.B. Fancy regatta shirts Blue pilot American pea jackots White drill sacs Cotton linndkorclilofa Men's U.B, sooks Hat ribbons Bandanna silk handkerchiefs Braces 8-1 grey shootings Men's French felt hats Do navy caps, French peaks Do army do, do Bovb* and youths' do Mon's underclothing. Terms-Under £100, cash ; abovo that sum, ap. proved acceptances at throo months'. THIS DAY. To Closo Accounts. For Unreserved Salo. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, a% tho Mart, on Friday, Novombor 25, at eloven o'clock, To closo accounts, 10 bales 72 in. grey sheetings 4 cases of clmlli checks 1 do bailarines 1 do sac coats 8 do gentlemen's whito drill sao coats. Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. "" " ¿* 14 Cases of Oilcloth. Without Rcsorvo. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho Mart, on Friday, Novomber 26, at cloven o'clock, Without resorvo, 14 cases of oilcloth. Terms at Solo. THIS DAY. To Warehousemen, Storokcopors, and Othors. ERASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at tho Mart, on Friday, November 26, leven o'clock, Without resorvo, M in diamond, 6 cases of men's trimm cd Panama hats 2 do do cahhago trco do 1 do io military cloth caps 8 do do drab merino hats ' 8 do do drab and fawn stiffened folt do. Torms at Salo SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Moro or Less Damaged. ' At tho Railway Station, Flindors-strcot. TH1RASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC Jj TION, at tho Railway Station, Flindors- strcot, on Saturday, Novombor 20, at olovon o'olook, On account of whom it may concern, More or less damaged, 58 casks of roll Bheot zinc. Terms-Cash. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Dealers, and Othors. ÎÏ1 RASER and COHEN havo received instrtie " tlons from the Importers to SELL by AUC- UN, at thoir rooms, on Monday, November 28, at cloven o'clock, COO cobos claret 600 da brandy. Torms at Salo. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 20 Casos I. N. E. Matches. THRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC 1* TION, at their rooms, on Monday, November 28, at olovon o'clock, 20 cases I. N. E. matches. Torms at Solo. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. Important Salo of Now Fruit. Ex Wollcsloy. FRASER and COH EN will SELL by AUC TION, at tho Mart, on Monday, November 28 at eleven o'clock! Ex Wollesley, 200 half-boxes muscatels 270 quarter-boxes do 40 barrels French plum 85 cases currants 84 barrels Brazil nuts 71 bags Barcelona do 22 do walnuts 85 do shell almonds 115 boxes Eleme raisins 800 quarter-boxes do figs 400 halt-boxes do. Terms st salo. The whole of the above shipment of now fruits are just landed, in fino order and condition, and well ?worthy the attention of intending purchasers._ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 20 Tons Sheepwash. Tobacco. ERASER and COHEN havo received instruc- tions from the impoi tors to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, on Monday, November 28, 20 tons sheepwash tobacco. Terms at Sale. MONDAY. NOVEMBEB 28. To Tobacco Merchants and Others, i 76 Kegs Tobacco, 402 Boxes Do. Ex Late Arrivals. . FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Monday, November i», at cloven o'clock, 100 three-quarter boxes White's tobacco, 10's 02 do Staple's do, do 28 do Harry Noon's do. do 26 do Wilkinson's do, do 29 do 0. Lear's do, do . 60 do Newall Stowart's do, do 45 do do do, do 60 do Aloxandor's do, do 50 dodó do, do I 41 kegs twist, Kennett Dudloy's do 84 do Highland twist do. Tho auctioneers havo much pleasure in calling the especial attention of tobacco merchants and "others to this really Dnt-class lot of tobacco, which will bo found to be well worthy of inspection. Terms at Sale. CORDUROY HOTEL, Geelong and Ballarat Road. FRASER and COHEN havo received iustruo ' tloni to SELL by PRIVAI E CONTRACT, Tile Corduroy Hotel, sltuato 'on the Geelong and Ballarat road, con- taining 20 rooms, including parlour and sitting room, and har ; also outhouses, and tho commo- dious and substantial stables, capablo of holding about 80 horses, together with 1$ acres of land, upon part of which tho hotel is built; there Is also a 46-acro paddock adjoining. The above hotel is considered tho first on tho road, both for its delightful position and for Its neat appear- ance ; the 1] seres of land ia under cultivation as a garden, and contains a quantity al fruit-trees. The paddock ia partly undor cultivation. Cobb and Co.'s coaches chango at the hotel. Terms-Holf cash, balance by bills (bearing bank nterest) «tending over a period of two years. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. To Carrier», Contractors, Parties In Wont of Flrst Class Cart Mares, Dealers, and Othors. TlOUGHAHTY and Co. havo received instruc I I tions rroui William Sherwin, Esq., of tho Bil» iftong, to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards, lato luu't Bone Harket, cornor of Queen and Bourke streets, on Monday, Novomber 2?, at twelve o'clock, 2Sfat unbroken horses, , Amongst the lot aro some fino cart marei, w:l adapted for breeding purposes. THIB DAY. Another Capital Investment. £3 6s, per week. Ontario Cottage and Two Houses. -C.,a.ni2y:P'Ilcot Stanloy-Btreet, West Mclbonm« With Delightful Views of the BayandSnXi MR. STUBBS is instructed hythe proprie- tor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTlONToï y, November 26, at twolvo o'clock nreclsolv With all the rents, Ac., ' Ontario Cottage brick-buiU,, producing 26s m.» week *"** Stono cottage, let to Mr. Sutherland, 20s. nor wont A comfortablo wooden cottago, producing 20s. pen Tho whole in ono lot. ' * ' All lot ob prívalo residences ; in every way of IW teeription which takoswlth poople in search of com fortablo homes. *"" » .- Terms at salo, very liberal _ Title Guaranteed. Bcdford-ploco, Bedford streot, North Molboume on pósito the Now Artillery Hotol and Ramsden ami Bight's Flour-mills, and near tho Now Hay MarW mid Wealeyon Church. Tunet Ten Houses. 100s. per Week Incomo. MR. STUBBS is instructed hy the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at\heT£a üuetn-stroot, on í'riday noxt, Novcmbor 26, at twolvi o'clock precisely, BT All that pieco or narcol or land, containing one ron* (quarter acre), boingNo. 8 of section 10, townnf Melbourno, houndod~on the cast by Bedfbnl street, with a right-of-way leading out to Black- ', wood-street, nnd adjoining tho properties roanT ' tlvely of Messrs. Bowater and ConnolL ! v îlotoV",?he ^h,ol0,°XthBabovoPr°PMty. eonsUtinr both of the original Government grant and thenum houses, will bo sold to the highest biddor, In ono lot Mr. Stubbs thereto begs to direct tho particular * attontion of capitalists to this invaluable property thn incomo and valuo of which is not prospective, but real i and immediate. ' Torms-26 per cont. doposit, and tho residuo at ihrco, six, and nine montliB'. THIS DAY. " * ! West Molbnumo. J Investments. "' Dudley Cottago and Place, Dudloy-street, No. 8. Opposite tho Uandsomo Town Resldonco of E P Sturt, Esq. > MR. STUBBS is instructed by the wo priotor to SELL by PUBLIC AUOTIONV at tho roomB, 31 Queen otreot, on Friday noxt, Novom- bor 26, nttwelveo'clock, All those tho oxponslvely-orectod and extromolv eligible brick-built family premisos known as , Dudley Cottago and Placo, Dudloy-Blrcot, now I producing £130 per annum. This proporty consists of throo soparato houses, but so constructed as to admit of thoir bolng appropriated to ono family ; thoy aro sot down at tho low rental ot ¡C2 10s. per week ¡ Blatcd roof, stuccoed outsldo with t roman cement, tank of wator ; and from tho excellent "' materials mid workmanship bestowed upon thom they k aro not llkuly to require any repairs on them for years. ; Terms liberal. * ' ' _Titlo Guaranteed. > WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 80. AtTwelvo o'clock. At Lloyd's Booms, Collins-stroot wost, ,1 A1 Barque ¡' FORMOSA. ¡, To bo Sold to tho Highest Bidder, ' Without Resorvo. Tern, s-Cash. / By Order of the Mortgagees, Mossrs. Joshua Brothers ' To East Indian Importers, Morcbants, and Othors. t HA. COFFEY is favoured with instructions . to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms. , l/Olilns-strcot west, on Wednesday, Novombor 80 as til elvo o'clock. The clippor barquo FORMOSA, . ? 460 tons register, 000 tons burthon, I Built at Sunderland in tho year 1862, and classed A1 10 years, i i The Formosa has boon almost continually omployed I in the Eastern and Australian trade, has always boon f kept in tho best possiblo order, and is now admitted to î ho ono of the finest, if not tho finest, Bhip belonging to ' the port Sho Is thoroughly bolted with copper, thnbored with oak, and otberwiso woll fistoned with ' heavy iron knees. Sho has cabin accommodation I fitted up in tho non oat and most approved stylo, in- cluding saloon, aftor cabin, Btate-roonis, Jto., capablo f of accommodating 10 passongors ia addition to the ' master and officers. I Dor outfit is ampio for a voyago to any part of the world, and ovory artielo Is oftho best matorial. I Just piior to her sailing ou hor last voyago sho waa i placed in Mossrs. Dovo and Oswald's Floating Dock, i and thoro under« eut a complote overhaul, was ra- j sheathed with Muntz's heavy molal, caulked, &c.; j The auctioneer would earnestly solicit tho attontion I of persons desirous of possessing a really first-class I ship to this sale, as tho opportunity very raroly pro- t stitts itsolt in thiB markot. 'j Orders for inspection, inventories, surveys, and It other information, to bo had at tho rooms of the J auctioneer. j No reserve. \ ^_Torms-Cash._ .j THIS DAY. In tho County Court at Melbourne. ! Botwoon Honry Miller, Plaintiff, » And Jamos Attcnborouph, Defendant. I T) Yî-virtue of o judgment in tho County Court I JJj-nt Molbourno, in tho above causo, I shall, unless , Uns exception bo previously satisfied, cause to be [ SOLD by PUBLIC AUüTION, on tho premises, noar J the Darebin Crook Hotel, on Friday, tho 26th day of j November, at tho hour of ono o'clock sharp, I I Housohold furnituro, 2 cows and calf, poultry, i I forming implements, &o.; ,7 Torms-cash. f No cheques taken. \\\ Dated nt Molbourno Oils 22nd day of Novombor, T nco. ROBERT SMITH, County Court Officer. 1 In the SUPREME COURT of tho COLONY or , VICTORIA. ' Fl. Fa. Between Hugh Glass, the National Bank, and Othors, Flaintitr» ; and J. O. and R. King, Defendants. "VTOTICE is horohy given, that the Sheriff; 1\ of the Colony of Victoria will cause to bo bÖLD by PUBLIC AUCTION (unless the oxecution he previously satisfied), at 20 Coillns-Btroot west, Mel- bourne, on Saturday, tho 20th day of November, 1860, at tho hour of olovon o'clock forenoon, Tho right, titlo, and interost (if any) of tho above named dofendants in and to an oxtonsivo Btock of ironmongery, gunpowder, &o.; TcrmB-cash. GEORGE BURNS, SherlfTs Officer. Sheriffs Ofiico, Molbourno._ THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1. In the Supremo Court of the Colony of Victoria, Fi. Fa. Botwoon Black, Wilsmore, and Others, Plaintiffs ; and Albert Read, Defendant. ÎTOTICE is hcicby given, that tho Sheriff for Sj the Colony of Victoria will causo to bo SOLD by IBLI O' AUCTION, unloss tho oxccutlou bo pro liously Kttisficd, on Thursday, tho 1st day of Do toinber, at tho hour of twolvo o'clock noon, at the ¿nprenio Coui t Hotel, La Trobo-strcot, Molbourno, Tho right, title, and interest (if any) of tho abovo nanicd defendant in and to oil that pioco of land fcitunto at Brighton, in tho parish of Moorabbbi, county of Bourko and colony of Victoria, con- taining noarly 2 acres, on which Is erected thtr Mnrine Hotel, Bald land bolng patt of Dondy's Special Sun ey ; also, all that messuage or tene- ment sltuato at the end of Wolllngton-Btroot, near the Beach, containing about 1 aero, on which is elected tho dwclllnghouBO and pro- mises occupied by Albort Head, EBq. ; and all that farm situate at Little Brighton, containing 30 acres, Portion 41 ; and nil thoso 6 acres of land sitúalo at Moorabbin, adjoining property belong- ing to John Bignell, Esq., part of Section 02 ; all that pieco of land situato near tho Marino Hold, on tho main road, at tho west cornor of Wel- lington- street, having a frontago of 116 foot to tho main road in Brighton ; all that piece of land Mtuato at Carisbrook, containing 160 acres, Por- tion 20 ; all that ploco of land Bituato at Lynd- hurst, Immediately bohlnd tho Court House, con- taining 1 acre : all that pioco of land at Lynd- hurst aforesaid, nearly opposito tho residence of E. M. Dyne, Esq., containing 41 acres, part of Portion 124. TorrnB-cash. GEORGE BURNS, ShorlfT's Officer. Sheriff's Omeo, Molbourno._ MONDAY, DECEMBER 5. " In the Supremo Court of the Colony of Victoria. FI. Fa. Between Honry Lowcock, Plaintiff; and William Atkinson, Defendant, NOTICE is hereby given, that tho Sheriff for tho Colony of Victoria will causo to be SOLD tiy PUBLIC ALOTION (unloss tho oxecution bo pre- viously satisfied), at tho Supremo Court Hotel, L* Trobc- strcot, Molbourno, on Monday, tho 6th day of December, at the hour of twelve o'clock noon, The right, titlo, and interest, If any. or the above nnnicd defendant in and to all that ploco of land hituato in the township of South Braybrook, in the parish of Cut Paw Paw, county of Bourko, and colony or Victoria, part of Portion No 17 of said pariah, and bolng form allotmont» numbered on tho plan of subdivision by Samuol Bottomloy 01 to 72 both Inclusive, commencing at a point 8,088 foot south from tho north-west corner of said portion, bounded as follows:-On the north bj a road 60 foot wido, in a Uno bearing cast 1,28» feet 4 inches; on tho east by Darnloy-stroet, 6» feot wido, in a Uno bearing south 1,086 feot; ou tho south by a road 60 feot wido, in a Uno boning west 121 feet 10 inches; and on thowcBt bytno western boundary-lino of said portion, in a imo bearing north to tho point of commencement i,qs» foot. Togetbor with, The improvements thereon. Terms-cash. "_ GEORGE BURNS, Sheriff's Officer, ShorifT'8 Ofiico, Melbourne._ SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 20. At Two o'clock. 'Sale of Household Furnituro, &c.; Ohapol-stroot, Prahran, Opposito Pino-Btreot. T\/fit. JAMES EVANS, «?v^ome«,oiBo«m IVI Yarra, is Instructed to SELL by JOBMO. AUCTION, on tho premises as abovo, tho following he wehold furniture, consisting of- , Cottago pianoforte, by Brangus i » 8&W;&?Ä flceiit Genovo muslo box, 12 aira ; P^í*?' six Brown's patent halr-seatod chain, one mi hogany spring couch to match, l,«n»«S¡* top oval contre-table. 1 loo table, 1 paptor micho cablnot, Inlaid poarl.aiid gold ; velvst pllo carpets and rug, 2 opossum rugs, mano gany wardrobe, 2 chests oftdrawers, iron bed Steads, liair mattresses, 1 mahogany swe board,' marble top ; «total «f*\^Ä ware, kitchen, utcnBlls, fowl«, magpie ana cago, water-casks, &o.; . j.» ' Cotolognos to ho hod of the auotlpnoor tbo day prior ' tt at tUe, cn Murd' y, the 2«lh tuet. 