ABSTRACT OF BALES BY AUCTION , THIS DAY. Messrs. BsADcnAurBnoTirEBs.-AtHamllton's Bonded Stores-TwlBt tobacco. Va ETO. BnaoBand Co.-At their roomB, Queen-Btreet .-Groceries, provisions, oilmen's stores, CaU fomlan oats, English barley, portwine, cognac brandy, Ind and Co.'s ale, Barclay's porter, be Mr. WILLIAM. HTJBBT. -At the Cattlo-j ords-Fat cattle, Slessrs. J. LTOKS and Co.-At their rooms, Bourko; a.reet-Boots and shoes. Ifeisis. FIUSEO and COBEK.-At their rooms, Colling« ttrcet-Boots and shoes. Mr. B. F. STUBBS.-At tho rooms, Quoon-strect-? Cordage, Patna rice, jams, etarcb, galvanized cor« rugated Iron and spouting, sewing-machines. Mr N. KiNniAN.-On the ground-Freehold in Ros». mond-strcct, St. Kilda, f niEirr's SALB -At tho Supreme Court Hotel-Right and interest in slaughterhouses at Fisherman's Bend. Messrs. W*. EASBV and Co.-At their rooms, Collins street-Provisions, groceries, oilmen's stores, Mauritius sugars, Danish oats, Swiss cigars. Spanish qulck6iIvor, English loaf sugar, Liverpool rait On (bo Raliway Platform, Fllndors-street Wollongong butter. Messrs. Row, KIBE, and Co.-At their yards, Bourke« street-Working-bullocks, dray, ¡te JfcFers. GRBIO and MURKAY.-At their rooms, Collins street-English fumituro, chatTcutter, immigrants* boxes, light bear duck. Messrs. PURCELL and KBIOHHAN,-At their yards, Bourko-streot-Worklng-bullockB, dray, and gear, Messrs. JOSEPH 8IUHOI,B and SON.-At their rooms, Collins-street-Boots and shoes. Messrs. JAMES HENDERSON and Co.-At Kirk's Bazaar -Racing properties of Mr. Anthony Green. Mr. B. AAROK.-At tho premises, Collins-strcot cast-? Fancy goods, show glosses and flttingB. MT. E. MARES.-At 21 Regent-street, Victoria-parado -Household furniture and effects. Bales by Auction. THIS DAY. Twist Tobacco. Twist Tobacco. At Hamilton's Bonded Store For tho Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 25 Caeos Twist Tobacco. To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. T)EAUCHAMP BROTHERS liavo rcceivod I) instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at Hamilton's Bonded Store, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, Tho following tobacco ex Windward, Hamlin, mas- ter, from New York: William Crampton, Blackberry Twiít, 25 cascB, each containing eight tin boxes, twist; tobacco. Terms-Cash.. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. "* 13 Bales Indtarubbor Hoso and Belting. To Ironmongers, Machinists, Engineers, Ship cbandlors, and Dealers. Prior to Catalogue Salo of Ironmongery. TJEATJCHAMP BROTHERS have received |> instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collina-etreot east, on Friday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, Tho undermentioned specification of first-class pa- tent indlarubber hoso and belting : Seo. 745-1 bale, containing 1,000ft. i-ln. 8-plyhoso 746-1 do, do 700ft ¡¡-in. do 747-1 do, do 600ft. 1-in. do 748-1 do, do 200ft. lj-in. do BOOK, li in. do 740-1 do, do EOOfc. I? in. do 760, 768-2 bales, do 800ft. 2-in. do 751, 762-2 bales, each containing 250ft. 8-in. do 768-1 bale, containing 200ft. 2-in. spiral 767-1 do, do 200ft lf-in. do 754-1 do, do 1 belt 8-in. 8-ply, 240ft. 1 do 4 in. 8-ply, 252ft. 1 do 6-ln. 4 ply, 245ft. 765-1 do, do 1 do 0-in. 4-ply, 160ft. 1 do 7-in. 4-ply, 160ft. Attention is respectfully requested to the above Invoice of superior indiarubber hoso and belting, to be sold prior to catalogue sale of ironmongery, on .Friday, August 24, at elci on o'clock. Terms at Sale FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. So tho Ironmongers of Melbourno and Suburbs, Geelong, and Provincial Towns, Shippers to Tas- mania, Now South Wales, Queensland, Adelaldo, und Now Zealand, Speculators, Dealers, and Others. 60 Packages very Superior Ironmongery. 200 Dozen Throo hoop Buckets. 180 Nests Tubs, Eight in Nest. 200 Boxes Clothes-pins, Whittled Heads. 30 Cases Fairbank'a Scales, Assorted. TJEATJCHAMP BROTHERS have received in- ri structions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street cast, on Friday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, 6 casks T hinge?, »Escrted sizes 4 do Chamberlain and Ncttlcfold's patent screws 4 hhds. japanned ware, oak and gilt toilet jugs and basins, footbaths, washstands, shower and sponga batliB 6 do soup tureens, Griffiths and Heart's coffee- pots 2 cases padlocks, 1J, 2, 2}, 21, 2}, and 8 Inch. 1 case do do, tumbler and duplicate koys 5 casks brass-head nails, brats snuffers, brass pad- locks 2 casks Bash-fasteners, rack pulleys, and brass butt hinges 4 do sots blind furniture, whlto door-knobs, glas do; opal doorhnndlos, brasa door-knockers &c; 2 do brass chest, till, and cupboard locks 5 do cornice ends, ourtain-bands, patent blind ends, pole-brackets, pole-rings, and curtain hooks 1 caso knife-backets 12 patent cottage manplcs S Baker's patent mangles G very handsome bronzed hat and umbrella stands 20 register grates 78 bags out floor brads 40 kegs Ewbank's patent nails, assorted sizes 200 dozen American three-hoop palls 180 nests tubs, 8 each 200 boxes whittlcd-head clothes-pins 30 coses Falrbank'a patent platform and other scales, &o.; Terms liberal. The auctioneers beg to call particular attention to the above extensive salo of furnishing and builders' ironmongery, American goods, &e;, all being of first« class manufacture, and just lauded in Beautiful condition. , i Catalogues in course of preparation, and can bo liad at the rooms, 88 and 40 Collins-street east, on ?JVednesday. TRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Io Ironmongers, Storekeepers, Shippors, and Others. American D-handlo Shovels, long strapped Spades. Collins's heavy handled Axes, Extra Axe-Handles, &e.; SiEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received ) instructions from the importers to SELL by OTION, at their rooms, 88 and 40 Collins-street «ast, on Friday, August 24, at cloven o'clock, £0 cases, each 10 dozen, best D handlo American shovels, 83 to 84 and 36 inch, Keith's and Chapln's £ do long strapped spades £0 do Colllns's handled axes, 4} to 6 lb. 300 kegs American cut nails, assorted SIZJB £ cases household grindstones, on stands 16 do super, axe handles, extra large 7 do meat cutters and ¡¡tullera, Torma Liberal. THIS DAY. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. BURGE and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 19 Queen-street, on Thursday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, About 20 casks currants, Terms-cash. Without Reserve. THIS DAY. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. BURGE and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their roomB, 10 Queen-street, on Thursday, August 28, at twelvo o'clock, t 10 barrels oatmeal i 10 do barloy £ cases chicory 23 boxes raisins, in layers 7 casks sun raisins 25 cases Batty's oniona i £0 do do fruits 100 do dried fruits. _Terms at Hale._ "" THIS DAY. T~ To Wino and Spirit Merchants. BURGE and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 10 Qucon-strcot, on Thursday, August 28, at twolvo o'olock, , 4 lihds. port wino, Graham's double diamond 5 qrs. do do 160 casos cognac 26 cases ale, Ind, Coope, and Co.'s i £8 casos Barclay's porter. _' Terms at Salo._ ~ THIFDAY. PrunoB. Pearl Barley. Jordan Almonds. Arrowroot. < Io Grocers, Dealers, and Others. BURGE and Co. will BELL . by AUCTION, at their rooms, 10 Queen-street, on Thursday, August 23, at twelve o'clock, -40 bárrela finest prunes 20 do pearl barley £0 boxet Jordan almonds 16 cases arrowroot. Terms at Bale._ ~~ THIS DAY. Starch. Walnuts. Cheese ! Lobsters To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. > BURGE and Co. will SELL by AUCTION! at their rooms, 10 Queen streot, on Thursday, August 23, at tv.oho o'clock, 160 boxes Windsor starch 20 cases cheese ' £0 bogs walnuts ! 40 caioB lobsters. Termb-cash, i _Without Reserve._, ' THIS DAY. i To Maltsters, Cornfactors, and Others. ' BURGE and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their roomB, 10 Quocn street, on Thunday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 1,600 busholB Californian osts 1,600 do English barley. The barley ia a primo sample, and wea worthy tho attention of maltsters. Terms at Sale. " -' THIS DAY. To Butcbors. WILLIAM HURST will SELL by AUCTION, at the Cattle-yards, on Thursday, August 23, at »ho usual hour, \ OThto4oV primo la« cattlo. y*'1 ^ rBELIMINABY NOTICE. -Extensive Balo of Superior Household Furniture. Dogcart, Börse, Harness, &c; To Persons Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, and Others. WILLUM PERRY (late Symons and Pern) will SELL hy AUCTION, on the premises on an early day (due notice of which will bo given), at twelve o'clock, An extensivo sale of superior household furnlturo, &c.; dogcart, horse, harness, &c; gull particulars of which will appear In a few days. SATURDAY, AUGUST 25. Last Sale but one for the Season. 70 Gentlemen Laylng-ont their Grounds, Gardeners, Nurserymen, and Others. Splendid Assortment of Fruit Trees, Flowering Shrubs, &c.; WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will BELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Saturday, August 25, at cloven o'clock sharp, Tho following choleo and varied assortment of fruit trees, handsome shrubs, evergreens, {to. : Fruit Trees. Apple, pear, cherry, plum, peaches, nootnrines, loquat, mulberry, apricot, figs, guava, dato, filbert, barberry, oranges, lemons, &c.; Flowering Bhruhs, EvcrgreenB, &o.; Moroton Bay chosnuts, Moreton Bay figs, ginger, laurels, laurustinus, oleanders, hibiscus, big nontas, cedars (red and white), cypress, Italian cherry, verbenas, ¿te A Choice Collection of Roses, Pot Plants, &e; Camellias, magnolias, azaleas, daphne, custard apple, pines, various gardlnias, aucuba, ja- pónica, coral, rose applo, auracarias, hibiscus, cinerarias, calceolarias, Murray River pino, cedar of Lebanon, &e; Terms-cash. Gentlemen laying-out their grounds will do woll to attend tho above sale. Observo.-The Lost Salo but one of tho Season. MONDAY, AUGUST 27. ~ To Speculators, Poultry-Breeders, Dairymen, and Others. CCO Acres Rich Grazing Land, Parish of Corcorac, near tho Little River Railway Station, adjoining tho property of Thomas Chirnsido, Esq. 60 Acres Well-cultivated Land at Oakleigh. 12 Acres Land near tho residence ef H. Newton, Esq., M.L.A. WILLIAM PERRY (late SymonB and Perry) boa received instructions from tho proprietor to SELL hy AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins-street, cn Monday, August 27, at twelve o'clock, Loti. 600 acres rich pastoral land, sltuato in the parish of Corcorac, near tho Little River Railway Sta- tion, and adjoining the magnificent property of Thomas Chirnsido, Esq., the railway fence form- ing one of the boundaries, and affording an ex- cellent opportunity to poultry- breeder», dairy- men, cattlo dealers, and others requiring such j description of proporty. A large portion of tho purchase-money can remain on mortgage. Lot 2. A very valuablo farm of 66 acros, sltuato about nine milos from Melbourne, well and securely fenced In and divided into paddocks, closo to the vlllago of Oakleigh ; 20 acres aro now under cul- tivation, the remainder of the Una is boing ploughed. There is erected a comfortablo and substantially-built brick house, containing fivo rooms, oight stalled stable, a large building also built of brick, a tastof ully-lald-out flower-garden, orchard, tineyard, &e; A portion of tho purchaso-monoy can remain on mortgage Lot 8. 12 acres of land closo to tho township of Oakleigh, "tod near to tho residence of H. Newton, Esq., M.L.A. Titles unexceptionable Terms, exceedingly liberal, declared at salo. Tho auctioneer is desirous of calling the attention oi dairjmen, cattlo dealers, &c;, to the above favourable opportunity for purchasing first-class pas i oral land on very liboral terms._ » 1 MONDAY, AUGUST 27. ~" To Farmers, Speculators, Dealers, and Others. Valuable Farm of 168 Acres Agricultural Land, Section l8, Parish of Yon Yean. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) has received instructions from tho owner, Mr. Michael Carroll, to SELL by AUCTION, at his rccms, Collins street, on Monday, August 27, at twelve o'clock, All that plcco or parcel of land, consisting of 168 acres of rich agricultural land, being part or Sec- tion l8, parish of Yan Yean, now well and securely fenced with post and rail and log fenco ; CO acres has been cleared and cultivated. Barber's Creek runs through tho section, and Is situate about one mile and a half from The Yan Yean Rcsorvoir, and near the Whittlesea Hotel. Title, one remove from the Crown. Thero is erected on tho above land a capital four roomed houso, built of tongued and grooved boards, two largo rooms now building of stone, tho walls of which ore now only up. Also, A stone barn, five-stall stable built of stone Together with Stock-yards, stack-yards, piggeries, Sec. Terms, liboral, declared at time of sale For particulars of title, application to Thomas Miller, Esq., solicitor, Bwanston-stroet._ "-"? WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 29. To Hotclkecpors, Speculators, Dealers, and Othcri. Positivo and UnrcBorvcd Sale of all thoso Valuable premises situated in La Trobc-strcct, and known as Menzies' Hotel. By Order of the Mortgagees. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry has received instructions from tho mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins-street weBt, on Wednesday, August 20, at twclvo o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land sltuato in the city of Melbourne, being part of Allotment 16, Section 28, having a frontage of 02}ft. to La Trobe-stroet, by a depth of lSO^ft.) along a right-ofwny 16ft. wide, and on which are orectcd those well-known premises Menzies' Hotel, well and faithfully built of tho very host materials, and in splendid order, containing 27 bedrooms, with parlour, sittlngrooms, largo bar, billiard room, kitchen, &c;, In all 86 rooms; now let to tho present tenant until February, 1301, at a rental of £1,200 per annum. Terms declared at timo of salo. For particulars of title, &a;, application may bo made at tho ofilce of Messrs. Attcnborough and Bellas, solicitors, 20 Coliins-streot west. Further particulars in to morrow's paper. THURSDAY, AUGUST 30. To Millwrights, Englneera, Storekeepers, and Othore. Steam-engine, Crushlng-millB, Chaff cutter, &c; At tho Premises of Mossrs. Edwards and Bmootby, . Llttlo Lonsdale streot east. TXTILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry Y Y has rccohed instructions from Messrs. Edwards and Smoolhy to SELL by AUOTION, at their pre- mises, Little Lonsdale-strcct east, on Thursday August 80, at eleven o'clock, A very superior eight-horso powor atcam-ongino 3 ciushlng-mllls, fur grain Chaff-cutter Dressing-machine Hoisting-machine. Together with The leaso of tho premises, having about Bis months' to run, rent free. Terms, liberal, declared at sale. The abovo machinery is now in perfect order, and intending purchasers aro desired to inspect the samo Íreviously to tho day of Bale. The machinery will either o sold in ono lot, or separately, to BUit purchasers. THIS DAY. Positive and Unreserved Sale of 123 Trunks Superior Winter and Other Qocdfl. Ex Suffo'k and Great Tasmania. To tho Boot and Shoo Trado'of Melbourne, tho Suburbs, and Others. J LYONS nnd Co. are favoured with in s structions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir matt. Bourke street, on Thura day, August 23, at cloven o'clock, 123 trunks and boxes boots and shoes. Just landed, Ex Suffolk and Great Tasmania, all being first-class seasonable goods, and consisting of Ladles' superior balmoral», 2 and 6 Do cashmere, E.S., assorted do Do calf assorted slippers Do clastic BldcB, military heels, assorted colours Women's cloth boots, E.S., pumps Do coloured cashmere, patent tops, spr s Girls' host cashmere boots, patent bon Do mt-mel balmoral«, patent hcols Children's coloured coBhrnero boots, E.8. Do assorted button boots Ladies' coloured morocco balmorals Maids" lcitbor, L.U., 1 and 2 Men's sup, calf bluchers, sapper treed Do do army bluchors, treed Pollco wellingtons, trcod Gentlemen's sup. long wellingtons Do eup. patent E.S. boots Do colonial Bprlggcd wellingtons 'Do do half-welllngton's Men's flrst.class artillery wellingtons Do do bluchers Youths' and boys* Btout bluchers Men's and youths' assorted watertight;, &c.; Terms at Salo._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Pawnbroker's Sale cf Unredeemed Pledge». J LYONS and Co. are instructed by Mr. m Aaron FlnkuB, licensed pawnbroker, of 230 JSlltaboth-Btreot, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke-strect, on Friday, August 21, at eleven o'clock, A quantity of unredeemed pledges, &c.;', consisting of gold and silver watches, gold rings, as- sorted chains, clothing, firearms, cloukt, io. Terms-Cash._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Superior Abordoen Combs, assorted, and Amorlcin Eight-Day aud Other Clicks. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, # at their mart, Bourke-strect, on Frilay, August 24, at eleven o'clock, 3 casuB sup. Aberdeon combs, consisting of Dressing, rack, back, braid, and oth?r comba. 14 oates American clocks, viz. :-striking eight day unions, octagon ¡overa, small cottage, 8 inchJowellod striking levers, slop-clocks, &c; Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Swan Hotel, Richmond. To Parties Furnishing and Others. E WALTER (of Walter and Spankio) m will SELL by AUOTION, at tho Swan Hotel, h-strcet, on Friday, August S4, at twelvo o'clock ' "5! Urge quantity of household furniture, eora prising bedsteads, bedding, sofas, chair», tables, carpets, se., and the usual assort- ment of kitchen utensils. No retcrve. Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. ' , On Account of Whom it May Concern. 64 Trunks of Boots and Shoes. Ex FRASER and COHEN are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, August 28, at eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, Ex-, 54 trunks of assorted boots and shoes, consisting of Men's boots and Bhoca Women's do Boys' and youths' do Girls' and children's do. Terms at sale. To bo sold with all faults. "" FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. " For Positivo Sale, To Capitalists, Speculators, Farmers, and Others. Land at Essendon. Til RASER and COHEN have received instrao J* tlons to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, August 24, attwo-vo o'clock, 20 acres land opposite the Railway Station and Resorvo, Essendon, and about half a mile from the Fanners' Hotel, on the main road. The land is at present under crop, and is I described in tho deed as follows:-All that I piece or parcel of land situate in the parish of Doutta Galla, in tho county of Bourke, in tho colony of Victoria aforesaid, boing part of Allotment A, of Section Number 6, containing by admeasurement 20 acres, be the same a llttlo moro or less, commencing at tho N.W. o:rnor of tho said allotment, and bounded on the north by a Government road by a Une bearing east 10 chains; then on tho east by othorpart of tho said allotment by a Uno bearing south 19 chains and 91 links ; then on the south by a part cf the southern boundary Uno of the said allotment by a line bearing west 10 chains ; then on the west by a part cf tho westorn boundary line of the said allotment by a line, bearing north 20 chains to the commencing point aforesaid ; toge- ther with aU and singular houses, &c; Tho auctioneers can confidently recommend tho above to portons seeking a good investment for thoir money ; it presents, especially to farmors, a rare op- portunity for the purchase of really first-class agricul- tural land, being situate nearly opposite tho railway station, and short distance from town. Terms, liberal, at salo. Note day of salo-Friday, August 24. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Damaged Portion of tho Cargo of tho Allies, from Mauritius, at tho Stores of Fanning, Nankivell, and Co, Spencer streot. 437 Bags Mauritius Sugar. All Faults. On Account of Whom It May Concern. _ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TplRASER and COHEN have received instruo !? tiona from the importers to SELL by AUO UION, at the bonded stores of Fanning, Nankivell, and Co., Spencer- street, on Friday, August 24, at eleven o'clock, Tho damaged portion of tho cargo of tho allies, from Mauritius, consisting of 870 bags Mauritius sugar 40 do do 12 do, washed out. Total, 437 bag«. All moro or less damaged, and To bo sold for account of whom It may concern. _Torms-Cash._ MONDAY, AUGUST 27. " 600 Bu-rola Duelos Flour. On Account of Whom it May Concern. "C1HASER and COHEN have received ínstrue 1» tlons from the importers to SELL by AUOTION, at thoir rooms, 14 Collins-street wost, on Monday, August 27, nt half-past ten sharp, On account of whom it may concern, £00 barrels of fine Trench flour, Duelos brand. With all raults. Toms-cash. Noto time of sale-half-past ton sharp._ MONDAY, AUGUST 27. In tho Vice-Admiralty Court. Salo of Goods ex Black Eagle, from Glasgow. On Account o! Whom it May Concern. FRASER and COHEN have received instmc tlons from Messrs H.W. Farrarand Qcorgo Martin, acting* under a decroo of tho Vice-Admiralty Court of Victoria, to SELL by AUOTION, at tho stores of Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co, Collins-stroct west, near King streot, on Monday, August 27, at olevon o'clock in the forenoon, The undermentioned good«, with all faults, being Îiart of the cargo of tho Black Eoglo, of which cata egucs, with further particulars, will bo published before tho sale :-Bay about 60 hhds. Martell'B brandy, dark and palo 1,000 cases whiskey 2,400 bags oats 74 casks malt 68 do barley 83 cases galvanized iron, assorted sizes An Albert car 2 bales bags 1 erato earthenware > 8 casks sad Irons < \ 8 cases axo and pick handles - , 7 do lamps, globes, &c; 10 do Milner B fireproof Bafcs ' 436 tins assorted biscuits 1 vol Encytlopccdia Britannica 07 casks coal dust 1 1 case and 1 cask engineers' and plumbers' tools. Terms at Bale._^^ " BLACK EAGLE. *~ nnHE SALE of GOODS ex Black Eagle; ad I icrtlscd to take place on Wednesday, August 22, isPOETPONED until Monday, August 27, at tho stores of J. H. Clough and Co. FRASER an COHEN, auctioneers. THIS DAY. Cordage EF. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC s ÎION, at the rooms, Qucen-strcot, on Thurs elay, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 108 bales and coils cordage In lots to suit purchasers. _Particulars at Sale THIS DAY. " On Account of Whom it May Concern. Patna Rice. Just Landed. Ex Hannah Nicholson. RP, STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC A'UO o TION, at the rooms, Qucon-streot, on Thurs- day, August 23, at cloven o'clock, 102 bogs Patna rice, slightly damaged , £20 do do, much damaged. In lots to suit purchasers. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. ~ On Account of Whom it May Concorn. j lib. Jams and Starch. RP. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC . TION, at the rooms, Quecn-ttreot, on Thurs- day, August 23, at cloven o'clock, ¡ 68 COBOS Wothortpoon's lib. Jams' 80 do Colman'« starch, each 60 lbs, _' In lots to ault purchasers._ THIS DAY. Galvanized Corrugated Iron and Spouting, &c;, RP. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC ATJC « TION, at the rooms, Queen-street, on Thura tiny, August 23, at eleven o'clock, , 0 cases galvanized corrugated iron, 20 gaugo, 0 . and 7 feet i 2 do piping and spouting. In first-rato condition. _Without Reserve _' ' THIS DAY. ~~~ ; Groceries, Oilmen's Stores, &o.; KP. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC s TION, at tho rooms, Quteu-street, on Thurs- day, August 23, at eleven o'clock, \- W In diamond, 02 cases and packages of oilmen's Btorcs, fruits, Taylor Brothers' cocoa, chocolate, Colman'« starch, Valentia rait! IIB, currants, Eleni o raisin B, pickles, &c.; Also, 4 cases Sinclair's bacon ! 6 do Selby Clair'» do -2 do middles._ "" THIS DAY. , Sewlng-Machinos. '. RP. STUBBS will SELL by AUCTION, s at tho rooms, Qucen-strcot, on Thursday, August 28, at cloven o'clock, 1 first-class sowing-machine, with all tho latest improvements and adapted for saddlers, Bhoo makcrs, clothiers, tentmakers, guaranteed perfect and complete. Abo, at risk of former purchaser. , 1 sewing-machino, hy Groves and Baker, perfect, i and in working order. ; THIS DAY. Freehold, Rosamond-stroct, St. Kilda. "VT KINSMAN has received instructions to l\ « SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground] on Thursday, August 28, A neat tbroo-roomed weatherboard cottage, with 'verandah, and fenced in. The ground has a frontage EOft. to . samond-stroet, hy 80it. Oin. deep to a right-of-way. Tho proporty is beautifully Bituatod oppoBlto tha Grej bound Hotel, and being for positivo salo the auc- tioneer invites attention to the salo as a good lnyojt ment. . , ', Solo at twclvo o'clock hy N. Kinsman, auctioneer and valuator, 8 Moor-street, Fitzroy._ "~ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. . Freohold. Wellington street, near Johnston-street. - TVT KINSMAN lias received instructions to l\ » SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, on I ííldav, August 24, at twolvo o'clock, A three-roomed weatherboard cottatre, with land 33f£ frontago to Wolllngton-streot, by 70ft. deep. Tbo proporty is well situated, and is for positive cele Salo at twolvo o'clock by N. Kinsman, auctioneer rrd valuer, 8 Moor street, Fitzroy._' ~~ THIS DAY. In the Supromo Court of tho Colony of Victoria. Fl. Fa. Between Nicholas O'Connor, Plaintiff, and Honry W. Wilson, Dofondaut. TVTOTIOE is hereby given, that the Sheriff'for. 1\ the colony of Victoria will causo to bo SOLD by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho Supremo Court Hotol, L» Trobo-i4reot, Melbourne, on Thursday, August 23, at tho hour of twclvo o'clock noon, Unless the oxecutlon ho previously satisfied, Tho right, title, and interest (If any) of the above named defendant in and to tho slaughter house, holling-down house, dwellinghouso, Btabllng, plg gcriOB, yards, and premíeos held by tho defendaut, undor liconco from the Crown, Bltuato at Fisher- man's Bend, near tho Raglan Station on tho Sand- ridge Raliway Lino. Terms-cash. GEORGE BURNS, fiheriff'd Offlcor, THIS DAY. Bacon, Chicory, Mustard, Bottled Frit Its, Lemon Pool Vinegar, Paper, Bait, &o.; To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, p at their rooms, 83 CoUins-etreet west, on Thursday, August 23, at devon o'clock, 20 cases Brobner's bacon 20 do chicory 10 do Stlvcn's mustard 16 do C. and B 's bottlod fruits 5 do lomon peel 6 do KoUlor's 21b. jams 20 quarter-casks vinegar 5 bales grey paper 5 do purple do 20 cases jar salt IS do Feast's onions. No reserve. Terms at Salo. THI8DAY. 800 Bags Fine Mauritius Sogars. To Closo Accounts. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Olhors. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 300 bags Uno Mauritius sugars. To closo accounts. Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 100 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. 77 Bags Engllsh-drosscd Patna Rice. 10 Cases Tapioca. 40 BarrolB Barcelona Nuts. Ex Venus. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, « at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at eloven o'clock, Ex Venus, 100 firkins D. R. Cork butter 77 bags English dressed Patna rloo 10 cases tapioca 49 barrels Barcelona nuts. To be Bold without rJEervo. TorniB at Sale THIS DAY. 110 Bags Mauritius Sugars. More or Less Damaged by Sea-water. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, v at their rooms, 83 Colllns-etreot weat, on Thursday, AuguBt 28, at olovon o'clock, 110 bags Mauritius sugar«. More or less damaged by sea-water, and Sold for tho benefit ot whom It may concorn. _Terms-Cash._ THIS DAY. 8,000 Bushols Fino Danish Oats. For Positho Sale To Oornlaetors, Livery stable Keepers, Contracto«, and Others. \ST EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, Y Y a at their rooms, 83 Colllns- atrcet weat, on Thursday, August 23, at olovon o'clock, 8,000 bushels fine Danish oats. A fine sample, and to bo sold. Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. 27 Coses Swiss Cigars, bost Brands. To Tobacconists, Up-country Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, . at thoir rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thurcday, August 28, at oloven o'clock, Ex Cote d'Or, I C. & A., M. V. & Co., C canes vovy fins Gurton and Ormond's Swiss ] cigars l8 do vevoy sans Gouton and Ormond's do do 8 do vevey sans Maqulen, Vaudel, and Co.'a do do. The attention of purchasers is solicited to tho above salo. Tho cigars aro of tbo finest quality, and will bo sold, so tho txado should not lose the present opportunity. Terms Liberal. THIS DAY. 26 Bottles Best Spanish Quicksilver. To Ironmongers, Quartz Crushers, and Others. WEASEYand Co. will SELL by AUOTION, a at their roomB, 33 Colllns-stroet west, on Thursday, August 23, at cloven o'clock, 26 bottles best Spanish quicksilver. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. On tho Railway Platform, Flinders-street. 14 CaBks Wollongong Butter. Ex Wonga Wonga. To Grocers, Confectioners, and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, « on tho Railway Platform, Flindcrs-strcot, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock aharp, Ex Wonga Wonga, 14 casks Wollongong butter, Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. 20 TonB Fino Liverpool Salt. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Contractors, and Others. WEASEYand Co.wiUSELLby AUCTION^ a at their rooms, 88 Collins-street wost, on Thursday, August 23, at eloven o'clock, 20 tons fino Liverpool salt, in fino ordor. ^_Terms at Sale THIS DAY. 100 Cases English Loaf Sugar. Slightly Sweated. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, August 23, at eleven o'clock, 100 cases 101b. lowes English refined sugar. More or less slightly sweated, and sold for the benefit of whom it may concern. Terms at Salo. ~ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. On tho Railway Platform, Fllnders-strcot. 51,640ft. Ci x 6i Scotch Flooring. 81,120ft. Of xJDo. Do. 16 700ft. 01 xj Do Do. To Tlmbor Merchants, Builders, Contractors, and Others. WEASEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, _ , on the Railway Platform, Flinders ttrcor, on Friday, August 24, at elevon o'clock sharp, Ex Lorenzo, 61,646ft 01 x 0J Scotch flooring-boards 31,120ft.. 6Î x} do do 16,706ft. 61 x i do do. To bo sold without reserve. Terms Liboial. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Furniture. To Furniture Warehousemen, Parties Furnishing, and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at thoir rooms, 88 CnlllnB-strcct weat, on Friday, August 24, at elevon o'clock, A quantity of furniture, consisting of Drawlngroom suitos Diulngroom furniture Tables, chests of drawers Chairs, wardrobes WashBtnnds Loo-tables, card-tables, &C; Also, A handsomo grand piano. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. 10 Cases Superior Toys. To Fancy Warehousemen and Others. WEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 33 Colllns-stroet went, on Friday, August 24, at eloven o'clock, 10 cato« superior toy», comprising wax doll«, rock- ing-horses, leather dolls, devils In boxe-, . buildings, cannon, shorn rounds, shooting games, furniture, bricks, dolls in creal variety, and every description of fancy te..) a. Terms at Salo. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. ~D OW, KIRK, lind Co. have received inFtntc r\i tlonB from the executors of tho lato Cít-t>»j_-o ¿liner, Etq. to SELL by AUCTION, on an caily dij, notice of which will bo given, AU the valuable he ree stock, consisting of Tbo noted draught stallion Mllncr's Champion The magnificent coaching entire Trtnip, im- ported S entire draught colti, three years old, by Cham- pion, out of picked V.D.I.. mares 78 Bplcndid mareB, cart and thoroughbreds 12 mares, in foal to Dolo, Warhawk, and Kolp'o l8 htad hack, carriage, and stock horses £ cells and fllliCB, five years old fi do, four do 10 do, thrco do OB do, two do C3 do. ouo year old. In calling attention to this sslo, the auctioneers deem it unnecessary to dctcrlbo tho superior qualities cf the slock, as Mr. Milner was well known to be tho most successful breeder of drought horses iii Vlctoi ia, and obtained tbo lushest avcrago (or hi3 two-year olds at his annual sales lor the past four years. THIS DAY. 8 Woiking-Bullocks, willi Diay, &c; , complolc. ROW, KIRK, and Co. will SELL by AUC- TION, at their yards, Bourke street, on Tliur. tiuy, August 23, . 8 superior worklng-bullockB, with bows, yokes, chains, and dray. ' FIRST WEEK in SEPTEMBER. Splondld nacks and Harness Horses, "DOW, KIRK, and Co. aro instructed by J~\, Messrs. Bskcwell and Lyall to BELL by AUU (uON, at their yards, Bourko-streot, the first weck «n September (duo roticu of which wl'l bo given), A uralt of first-rate colts and fillies, suitable f.ir harness and weight-currying hacks, nil in splondld condition, direct from tho above named gentlemen's station. This lot will bo disposed of previously to Mosirs. Bakewell and Ljall's annual sale of Suffolk Punch horses. _ TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. At Twelve o'clock. At Lloyd'» Rooms, CollinB Btroot west. By Order of tbo Mortgagee Barquo TARBERT CASTLE. HA COFFEY ia favoured with instruction» . to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Room«, toimis-itreet west, on Tuesday, August 28, at twelve o'clock, _ _ ' Tbo Barque TARBERT OABTLE, lfcO tons register. (Now oí. hor voyage to Gipps Land.) Her dimensions, as per register, aro Length, 122 feet 010 Breadth, 10 do 5-10 Depth, 0 do 6-10. Without reserve Terms-cash on the fall of the hammer. A clear and perfect title will bo given to the vessel, under tho Merchant Seaman's Act of 1864. } THÎBVDAY. An Assortment of English Furniture, Tram one of the best London houses. Alto, Pianos. To Gentlemen, Furnlturo Dealers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, *t their rooms, on .Thursday, August l8, at twelve o'clock, An nssoitmont of English manufactured furniture, fiom one of the host London houses, consisting of Mahogany couches, hair seating -So chairs, do So hall chairs Hat stands _ Birch lath Derby chairs Loo tablea Tcmbroko dinlng-tables. Also, Largo mahogany carved four-post bedstead Eandsomo mahogany chiffonnière, spiral pillars, carved and glass back 2 superior mahogany dinlng-tables Unique rosewood card table, on centra pillar and claw Cedar toilet table, mahogany toilet glasses 12 very superior mahogany chairs, carved and plain backs First-class 6}-octave walnut-wood pianoforte, by Tomkinson, carved legs and front, a very handsome Instrument Rosewood cottago pianoforto, by Murphy Engravings, &c; No reserve. Term«-Cash. THIS DAY. ~ At Twelve o'clock sharp. Prior to tho Bale of Furniture. 2 Bales 50 in. Light Bear Duck. 2 Do 86-ln. Heavy Do. Moro or Less Damaged by Sea-water. Bold for Account of Whom It May Concern. To Tent Makers and Others, f*i REIG and MURRAY have received instrnej. VX tions from the Importers to BELL by AUCTION, tT their rooms, on Thursday, August 28, at twolvo o'clock sharp, Ex Commodore Perry, from Liverpool, M, T A over. See 402-1 balo, containing 12 pieces 60 in. light be» duck, 738 yoi la 404-1 do, do 12 pieces 50 in. do do, 788 do 466-1 do, do 12 pieces 30-in heavy do, 694 do 400-1 do, do 12 pieces 80 In. do do, 695 do. All moro or less damaged by sea-water, and Bold for the benefit of whom It may concern. No reserve Terms-Cash ; and 25 per cent. dopoEit on the fall of tbo hammor. _Observo-Tilla Day, Twelve o'clock._ THIS DAY. " " A Chaff-cutter (Colonial), by Robinson and Ce Fho Immigrants' Bo\es /IREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AU<". Uf TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Augus) £3, at tweh o o'clock, A chaff cuttor (colonial), by Robinson and Co. 5 immigrants' boxes. No reserve. Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. 100 Half-Chests Congou, in Bond. A Vory Oood Ration Toa, For Unreserved Solo. To Grocers, Storokeopers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, on Friday, Aujrust 24, at twelvo o'clock, 100 half-chostB congou, in bond. ' A very good ration toa. No rcsorvo. _'forms at Salo. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. ~ 60 Hhds. Mixing Brandy. To Close ah Account, To Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. fï REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC %JC TION, at their rooms, on Friday, August 24, at twelve o'clock, £0 hhds, mixing brandy. To closo an account. _Torms at Salo. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. ' 400 Bags Patna Rice. A Flrst-rato Parcol. To Grocers, Storekecucrs, and Olhore. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, on Friday, August 24, at twelve o'clock, 400 baga Patna rico. A first-rato sample Terms at Sale. ' FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. " 60 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. A First ralo Sample. To Grocers, Provision Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. fV REIG and MURRAY ave Instructed by the VjT importorä to SELL by AUOTION.at their rooms, on Friday, AugUBt 24, at twelve o'clock, £0 firkins D. R. Cork buttor. A splendid sample _Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. " 80 Cases Van Diemen's Land Jams. For Unreserved Salo. To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Others. REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AU 1 _TION, at thoir rooms, on Friday, August 24, at twelve o'clock, 80 cases V.D.L. jams, assorted. No reservo. Tonns-Cash. G FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. £0 Coses North Wilta Cheoso, in zinc To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Others. /"> REIG and MURRAY are instructed by tho \J[ impoitors to SELL by AUCTION, at theil rooms, on Friday, August 24, at twelve o'clock, 20 coses North Wilts cheese No reserve Torms-Cash. ' FRIDAY, AUGUST 2i. ' 30 Oases Mustard, iib. and Hb., Coward's, ic. 2 Do Do, In tins. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Othors. REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC _ TION, at their roomB, on Frldoy, August 24, at twelve o'clock, l8 coses muuard, each 0 dozen, jib. 6 do do, each 4 do, jib. 7 do do, oach 8 do, lib. 2 do do, in 71b. tins. No reservo. Terms-Cash. G FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. 45 Bolts No. 4 Best Navy Canvas. 45 Do No. 3 Do Do. To Shipcluvndlcrs and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY nro instructed by tho importers to SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, on Friday, August 24, at twclvo o'clock, 46 bolts No, 4 best navy canvas 46 do No. 8 do do. To close accounts. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. ' 60 Half-Barrels Driod Apples. A Splendid Sample To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by tho Importers to SELL by AUOTION, at their icoroB, on Friday, August 24, at twolvo o'clock, To close accounts, £0 half-barrels dried apples. No reservo. Terms at Sale._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. ICO Boxes Halo's British Sporm Candles, In lib. packets. 100 Bo. Price's Belmonts, 61b. packets. To Qrocers, Storekeepers, and Others. ,0 REIG and MURRAY aro instructed by the VJT Importers to SELL by AUOTION, at the! rooms, on Frldoy, August 24, at iwolvo o'clock, 100 boxes Hole's British sperm candles, in lib, packota 100 do Price's Belmont candles, in 01b. packets. Tho abovo are just landed in splendid order, and tho attention of storekeepers and others is particularly re- quested. Terms at Sale._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. Cases SlrRobort Burnett's Gin, all faults, duty paid. Ex Rapid. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by tho importers to SELL by AUOTION, at theil rooms, on Friday, August 24. at t« elvo o'clock, Ex Rapid, T, 8 under. l8 cases Sir R. Burnett's old tom. Moro or less damaged by soa-water. Sold for account of whom it may concern. No reserve Terms-Cash._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Hay Dealers, Shippers, and Others. Without Reservo. 40 Bales Pressed Hay. "ITT L. LEES and Co. will SELL by AUC VV a TION, at their stores, Colllns- streot weat, oppoaito the Western Gaol, on Friday, August 24, at twclvo o'clock, 40 baloB pressed hay, In good order and condition. No rcsorvo. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Corn Factors, Grocers, and Olhors. Colonial Wheat, Barley, and Potted Butter. WL. LEES and Co. will SELL by AUC t TION, at their produce stores, Collins street west, opposite tho Westorn Gaol, on Friday, AugUBt 24, at twelvo o'clock, 100 bushels wheat 600 do barley 10 casks potted butter. Terms at Sale FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. To Com Factors, Livory-slablo Keepers, and Others. 7,000 Bushels Scotch Oats. '\lLT L. LEES and Co. havo received instrue YY « lions to SELL by AUCTION, at their stores, Collins-street west, opposlto tho Wostcrn Gaol, oa Friday, August 24, at t« elvo o'clock, 7,000 bushels Scotch oats, a superior sample, in fino order and condition. Without reserve. Terms at Bale THIS DAY. To Farmers, Carriers, Dealers, and Others. PURCELL and KEIGHRAN havo received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on Thursday, AugUBt 23, at their jatdB, Bear's Horse Markot, at twolvo o'clock, 2 teams of working-bullocks, gear, and erays, ctmplcte. "^.TUESDAY, AUGUST 28.'-': r 71,S83ft White Pine Shewn«;,' , 81,769ft T. and G. Flooring ' '" 46,276ft Clear Pine- B 21,000ft. 6x1 Scotch Flooring. 28,707ft.Ox 11 Do Do. 6,000ft Ash Plank. 8,000 Oak Do. 84,000 4ft 6in. Sawn Laths. To the Timber Trado, Builders, Contractors and Others. Ca ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 0 on Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, August 28, at eleven o'clock, 71,263a. lin. white pine shelving, planed both sides and edges, 14ft. to 20ft. lengths 81,760ft. lln. whlto pino T. and G. flooring, loin. wide, 13ft. to 16ft lengths 6,164ft lln. clear pine, planed ono sido, I2f t. to 16ft lengths 25,147ft. ljln. clear pine, planed one side, 13ft. to 17ft. longths 5,780ft. lain, do do, do do, 14ft to 18ft. longtha 9,276ft. 21n. do do, 12ft to 10ft. lengths, planed one side 21,000ft 6x1 Scotch flooring, 14ft to 20ft. 28,767ft. 6 x 1J do do, 14ft to 20ft 5,000ft. ash plank, 81n. to 61n. thick 6,000ft. oak do, 2jn. to Sin. do 84,000ft, 4ft. Oin. sawn laths. The above lumber is all landed in fino order, ready for immediate delivery, and of superior quality. _._Terms Liberal. FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Melton. Btock-in-Trado of a General Storekeeper, Wino and Spirit Merchant For Positivo and Unreserved Bale. In tho Insolvent Estate of Augustus Shebler. By Order of John Goodman, Esq, Official Assignee A LFRED BLISS has received instructions _/\ from John Goodman, Esq., official assignee ia thoTnsolvent cstato of Augustus Bheblor, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tbo premises, Melton, on Friday, August 24, at one o'clock, Tho wholo of tho well-selected and valuable stock In trade of Wines and spirits Groceries Drapery Boots and Bhocs Ironmongery, &c.; Torms-cash. N.B. Salo on the premisos, Moiton, on tho main Pnllarat-road, on Friday, August 24, at ono o'clock. SATURDAY", AUGUST 26. Collingwood. Household Furniture and Effects. By Order of Alexander Laing, Esq., Official Assignee in the Insolvent Estate of William T. Rudd. A LFRED BLISS has received instructions from Alexander Laing, Esq , Official Assignee in the insolvent estate of William Thurston Rudd, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, No. 56 King William-street, Collingwood, on Saturday, August 25, at two o'clock. The whole of the useful household furniture in slttingroom and bedrooms. Together with Kitchen utensils. For unreserved sale Terms-cash. N.B.-Sale on the premises, No. 56 King Wllliam street, Collingwood, on Saturday, August 25, at two] o'clock. THIS DAY. 100 Trunks of Scasonablo Boots and Shoos. Just Landing, Ex Roxburgh Castle JOSEPn SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street ad-l Joining tho Gritorion Hotel, on Thursday, August 23, at clov on o'clock, " ' 100 trunks boots and shoes, comprising Gcntlomcn's patent leather bovll-odgo spring sido boots Do summer wellingtons Do do short wellingtons Mon's bluchers and cossacks, various Maids', children's, and girls' boots and shoes Ladies' patent leather slippers, 8 to 8 Do do Berlin slippers, 8 to 8 Do do calf shoes, S to 8, B.B., &c.; Terms at Sale FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Potatoes. AuBtrallsn Wharf, near tho New Dock. I Tho Entire Cargo of tbo Peveril, from Warrnambool. 405 Bags 1 .¿ked Potatoes. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by I AUCTION, at tho Australian Wharf, near the I KOW Dock, on Friday, August 24, at cloven o'clock| prompt, Without any reserve, Tho entlro cargo of tho Povorll, from Warrnam ! tool,- , 405 bags primo potatoes, all being picked and fully equal to any Circular Heads. Torms-cash. Observo-Tho Australian Wharf, Friday, near tho j New Dock._ FRIDAY, AUGU8T 24. To Fancy Dealors and Shopkeepers. Wax Dolls. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL byl AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins street, ad-l joining the Criterion Hotel, on Friday, August 24, at( eleven o'clock, Without resorvo, 7 cases wax dolls, sizes, x, 00,0, 1, 2, 8,4, 5, 0,8j 11, consisting of Composition dells Do do, moving oyes Do dressed do Do, moving eyes Do Fronch dolls Dutch dolls, assorted sizes Dressed do, do. Terms at Bale. " FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. Fancy Goods. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at thoir rooms, ColllnB-stroct, ad- joining the Criterion Hotel, on Friday, Auguet 24, i at eleven o'clock, An assortment of fancy goods, cutlery, and a va rloty of fancy articles. Terms at Salo. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE _ To Householders about to Loavo tho Colony, and Others. JAMES WADE, of Wodo and Gowan, having completed arrangement« for tho sale of furniture, &e.;, in addition to lün present auction business, is now prepared to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, »t prl rate residences, on tho usual terms, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE tnd ctber effects, which persons may entrust to Um for disposal. Dm partner, J. D. Gowan, will glvo his personal attention to tho lotting, cataloguing, and carrying out of the necessary preUminnries, in such a manner as will reliovo tho Boilers of all trouble and ensuro to them the best sales. JAMES WADE, of Wade and Gowen, 80 Collins-street, Drapery and Furnitnio Auctioneer. FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. Boots and Shoes. To tho Boot ard Shoo Trade, Drapera, Doalers, and Othors. T WADE, of Wado and Gowan, has been in «J a Btructed to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, at tnoir mart, 80 Colllns-stroet east, on Friday, August 24, at twclvo o'clock, " Tho following goods, just landed ex Ella E, Badger : 1 trunk men's army bluchers 2 trunks ladies' cloth and cashmere do 1 tiunk Infants' boots and shoes. To be sold without any reserve Terms-Cash. FRIDAY. AUGUST 24. Fancy Lropoiy, Hosiery, Millinery. CoburgB, MorinocB, Gala Plaids, RibbcnB, Underclothing. Stopp, ¿to. To WarehouEorrcn, Drnpets, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been in a| « Btructed to SELL by PUBLIO AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-streot cast, on Frldoy, August Í4, commencing at eleven o'clock, Tho following well-assorted list of draper}', &c.; comprising : Black Earsonct ribbons Gala plaids Patent crlnollno bell shaped hats Velvet rlbboiiB, cut edges Alpacas and demi black lustres Coburgs, all colours French merlnoes Crossover mixtures Mohair fancies ' Ladles' muslin nightcaps Do double Bhlrtc Do fancy alpaca drosses 24 drab and brown oriental ribbons Crimson sashes, with tassais Ladies' dross caps and blonde Do white and drab coutlllo slays Do Irish point and Eugenie collara Men'« grey and brown sealskin college veets Do Melboumo rldlug vcstB Do moire antique and velvot do Do fancy check tweod trousers Gentlemen's twocd riding coats Do fancy tweed trousers Do do suits Men's groy tweed jumpers Children's whlto and coloured lambswool hoods Men's lambswool shirts and pants, And a variety of other goods well worth tbo attcn tlon of the trade. Term eat Solo._ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. _H EO. THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUC %JÇ TION, on tho Australian Wharf, on Friday, August 24, at eloven o'clock, Ex Missionary, 80,000 feet genuino bluo gum logs sizes from 1! x 12 to 20 x 20 ; lengths, from 20 to 60 feet. N.B.-Tbo above will bo sold iu lots to suit pur chotera, Terms at Sa'o._ TUESDAY, AUGUST 28. g~i EORGE THOMAS and Co. will SELL bj IT AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tuei ¿ay, Auguat 23, at eleven o'clock, Ex Evangellno, - 33,860ft. lin. white pine flooring, drcs'cd 28,080ft lin. shelving, planed two sidos 0,040ft. clear pine, lill., IJln., and ljlu,, planed 16,476ft. carpenters' clear pine, do 0,000ft. clear pino, 2ln. do 4,100rt. carpenters' clear pine, 21n. do 11,700ft. Jin. lining, planed one side Term», Liberal, Declared at Sale. To FARMERS, DAIRYMEN, and Others. Weekly Sales. S. FYFE holds WEEKLY SALES b; ... AUOTION of COWS, Pig«, &c;, ever I Lui i day, at Henderson and Co.'s Bazaar, Bourke tuet FRIDAY, AUGUST ïfc "^ Tho Golden Cross Hotel, King-street. Sal« of the Whole of the Valuable Household Ptrmi. ture, Eflecta, and Fixtures, &c.; ^"^ Mr. STUBBS is instrnoted by the proprietor James Colvin, Esq., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, Golden Cross Hotel King-street, on Friday, August 24, at twelve o'clock precisely. Tho wholo of tho valuablo houBehold furniture and effects of the above popular hotel ~_Terms-Cash. " TUESDAY, AT. GUST 28. At Meudon Cottage, Groy-strect, St. Kilda. Valuablo Drawlngroom and other Domestlo HOIIO«},M., mmituro and Effects, OU Palnttogs, Ptaoforte4M Tl/TR. STUBBS wUl SELL by PUBLIC AUO ÄjL TION by order of the proprietor, (removing on the premises, Meudon Oottago. Grev-stront 6* Kilda, on Tucïday, AuguBt 28, at twàvo o'clock precisely, " ougee Tho wholo of the valuable drawing, dlninrr room bedroom, and other housebolci furniture and effects, pianoforte, and a few gems in the uno arte, curiOBltieB, &e; """ Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 20. ' Hlgh-Btreet, Maldon. To Newly-Arrived Immigrants, Successful Miners and Moneyed Publicans. To bo Sold by Order of the Mortgagee/' Tho Tarrangower Hotel, Including, Allotment 1 of Section l, Town of Maldon Allotment 2 of Section 1, Do. AUotment 3 of Section 1, Do. Allotmont 4 of Section 1, Do. Farm, 108a. lr. 88p. MR, STUBBS is instructed hy the mortga- gee to SELL by PUBLIO AUOTION. at tho Tooms, Queen-street, on Wednesday, AuguBt 29 ah I twelve o'clock precisely, ' The whole of the abovo properties, sitúalo In tho Increasing township of Maldon, including- . She Tarrangower Hotel, Now in full trade. 93io loua, farm wUlbo sold separate Terms liberal. Further particulars as to title may bo ascertained . at tho offices of Messrs. Muttlobury and Malleson coUcltors, Qucen-ttreet. * _Title Guaranteed. THURSDAY, AUGUST 80. Household Furniture and Effects, On tho Esplanade, St. Kilda. With ono of Erard's Brilliant-toned Oottago Grani Pianofortes, a magnificent Instrument. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the ownor previously to hlBlcaving tho colony, to SELL bv L1CAUC1ION, on tho premises, next door to the beautiful cottage residence of Mrs. Crosby, on tbe Esplanado, St. Kilda, on Thursday, August 80, at twelve o'clock precisely, The wholo of tho well-appointed drawlngroom, dlnlnjtroom, bedroom, and other vñuabíó household gooda and effects of agontlcrnan and family leaving for Europo. Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. To Town Capitalists and Others. First-Class Central City Property, Botweon The Salutation Inn And Mr. Lovin'a Extensive Grocery Warehouse Ko. 166 Bourke-Btrcet. By Order of the Mortgagee, MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from tho mortgagco to SELL by PUBLIO TION, on Friday, the 7th day oí Septombor, on the premises, Bourko-Btroct, at twelve o'clock pre citely, All those two-storied stono and brick-built central business premises, suitable for Tho capitalist who ccoks a secure investment for his money. Teims and further particulars «111 appoar In a future newspaper ; and for titlo parties aro rospoct inlly referred to Messrs. Muttlcbury and Malloson, Folicilors, Queen-street._ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. ' Investments. Weekly Incorr.es. , £240 per Annum. £62 por Annum. £62 per Annum. I £80 por Annum. ' £20 per Annum. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIO AUOTION, at his rooms, CvUtcn-strcot, on Friday, September 7, at twelve u'clock preclsoly, Tho undermentioned valuablo weekly-Income pro- jet tics, to which ho would respectfully Invito tho attention of town and up-country capitalists, viz, : Lot 1. Qucensberry-Btreet, tho Lalla Rookh Hotel, producing £240 per annum Lot 2. The house adjoining Municipal Chambers. £62 por annum Lot 8. Tho house do. £62 per annum Lot 4. Jeweller's shop (Mr. Scllg), Swanston-street. i £80 per annum Lot 6. Klug William-strcot. £26 per annum Let 0. Store adjoining the Lalla Rookh. Toma and further particulars on o futuro day. SATURDAY, AUQUST 25. Brighton Esplanado. Two Choleo Allotments of Land, Fronting the Espla- nade, between the Great Brighton and Retreat Hotels. Absolute Sale GWALSTAB has received instructions to a SELL, at tho Retreat Hotol, on Saturday, August 26, at thtco o'clock in tho afternoon, Two allotments of land, fronting the esplanade, each having a frontage of 68ft Ein. by a depth of 272ft,, bounded in tho rear by -- streot. ThcEo allotments ore situated in the best part of tho ctplanodo, being on tho rising ground. Jt having been decided immediately to extend tho loilwaytothe Prest Brighton Hotel, tho land on tho ttplanade will bccomcmuch in demand ; but It is rarely an opportunity will occur to purchase any of tho allotments, as they aro clil(il> held by persons not likely to put thom in tho market. Tho auctioneer, therefore, imites attendance at this salo, which will bo tbtolute Mr. Ashling, of tho Retreat Hotel, has offered to B1 OW tbo allotments. Further particulars at tho auctioneer's offices, 85 Collins-street weet._^__ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. Ty Order of the Official Assignee, John Morris, Esq. MR. T. W. BOWDEN will SELL by AUC- TION, at his rooms, Goorgo-Etrcct.Sydnoy, on 'jhurBdBy, Septcrr.bor 0, at eleven o'clock, All the right, title, and interest of Mr. John Morris, rs Official ABilgneo of tho Insolvent cttoto of Honry Jeffreys, of Sjdnoy, gentleman, In and to tho tollow Iro otscts and property returned In the schedule filed l\ tho iusohent OB belonging to his estate, viz. : About 100 acres of land, situate at Otago, Now Zealand. A debt of £2,017 es., returned in the schedule as duo tho imol\cnt by Messrs, Ed. Row and Co., of Melbourne, being a bslanco of cash in thoir bends over amount secured by mortgago to Châties Browne, of Melbourne, deposited In their hands f r distribution among the creditors. A debt of £711 12a. lid., returned in tho schedulo as due the insolvent by Mr. Charles Browne, of Melbourne, being a balance of account on sale of Darling stations. A debt of £054 2s. 6d., returned in tho schedule a» due, but disputed, by Mr. PrcBton, of Retreat, Queensland, being- lils third ¿hare of loss sustained by insolvent on sale of ceitain btotlons. Torms-Cash. THIS DAY. To Sporting Mon, Jockeys, and Others. JAMES HENDERSON and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, at Kirk'B Bazaar, Bourko-street, on S hursdoy, August 28, at twelve o'clock, Tho racing propcriics of Mr. Anthony Groen, of Geelong, consisting of Saddles, bridles, clothing, &c.; _For Positive Sale_ FRIDAY, AUGUST 24. , Freehold. Goro-strcct, near Buildors' Arma. E YEATMAN will SELL by AUCTION, on . tho ground, on Friday, August 24, at twelve ti clock, A very desirable froohold cottogo of three rooms, substantially-built of brick, with stable, out- house, Ac. Tho land hat a frontago of 17 foet to Gore street, by a depth of 132 feet to another sttcetcalled Littlo Gorc-sticct. This ii a good opportunity for persons of small capital to get eff paying rent, or for investment. E. Yeatman, auctioneer and valuer, 81 Qertrudo strext, Fitzroy. * THIS DAY. Fancy WarchouBomon, storekeepers, Dosiers, and Others. S AARON has received instructions from Mr. 0 Platnauer, who is ahout reluming to Europe, to fcELL by PUBLIC AUCTION,on the promise», 130 Collins street cost, on Thursday, August 23, at cloven o'clock, The whole of his valuablo stock, consisting of Fanry goods, toys, combB, Jewellery, he. Also, , Show-glosses and fittings. I In lots to suit purchasers. _TermB-Cash._ " THIS DAY. To Parties Furnishing, General Dealers, and Other*, Positivo Sale Household Furniture and Effects. MR. E. MARKS has received instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLIC COMPETITION, at 21 nVilrect, Collingwood, off Victoria- parade, 04 Thursday, August 23, at twolvo o'clock sharp, Tho whole of tho household furniture and cffecti, consisting of horsehair chairs, sofa, loo tables, Brussels carpeta, largo engravings, platel candlesticks, chunney-glassos, sido-labUw, iron bedsteads, feather beds, pillar;, waah htatids and sets, tea and coffco sots, chin*, chest of drawers, Chiffonniere, work ond papier mache tables, cut glasses, handsoino clock and shade (31 day»), lad) 's woik-box, cut tjlsss and silver fittings, a quantity of kitchen utensils. Also, 1 largo American Btovo, capable of cooking for 2* porsons. Also, A quantity of othor useful furniture. No reserve. Tlio houso to let. _ p ' "^ TI/fESSBS JAMES and JOHN CHARLES YOUNO JUKI Warehousemen and General Merchants, of Loii» den, beg to intimato that they have COMMENCEE» BUSINESS as IMPORTERS and GENERAL MER ( HANTS in Melbourne, under tho stylo or firm of J. j i d J. 0 Young, and that such business » ill bo carried en by their duly authorized attorney, Mr. Robert Coxon Young, at 40 Elizabeth-street south. 40 Ellzabctb-slrcct south, Melbourne, August 13, I860. 