ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. ,r ?Xr. JCDN M'Combe -At IiIb rooms, Collins-street Paints-, oils, colours, whiting, varnishes. air. B. F. Etches.-At tho rooms, Queen-Btreot Eungs, castor oil, iron bedsteads, spirits, wines, teer», &o.; Messrs, GiiEia and MunnAY.-At tholr rooms, Colllns ttrcct-Wines, spirits, congou toa, Price's Belmor, t candles, Neva stoarmo candles, gTocories,_pro vleionp, confoctlonory, oilmen's stores, colonial -mesa beef, Calcutta lines, eau do Cologne, colonial flour and pollard, Havannah cigars, stcarlno sperm candles, Kent hops, Dublin stout, Whltbrcad's rteut, Ind and Coopo's alo, chicory, &c.; Mr, N. Kinsman.-At tho ground, near Ohureh-Btroct, Richmond-Freehold properties. Mr. Stums -At the premises, Ia Trobo-stroot-rrco liold houso property. Mr. \> ILHAM PEWtT.-At his rooms, Collins-street Jams, flour of sulphur, Liverpool salt, coal nap 1 tba, and general merchandise. Messrs. Geohge Thomas and Co.-At the Queen's Wharf-Timber. Messrs, J. Lyons and Co.-At tholr rooms, Bourko strcet-Jew ellery. Messrs, Puhoelt, and KmanraN.-At their yards, Bourke-strcet-Cows, calves, heifers, Hertford bul). Mceets. W. Easby and Co.-At their roome, Collins street-Congou to», Btoarino candles, carriage candlCB, Burdon's Bbcrry, Cero stcarlno candles, Kent hops, oatmeal, bacon, Nova candles, Mauri- tius sugars, Cosoub's sherry, Elcme raisins, North Wills oheoso, Otard'a and other brandy, old tom, light wines. At Railway Station, Flinders-stroot -Foi Hand cement. HcEsrs. 0. S. Ross and Co.-At the yarda of Osborn, Cushlng, and Co., Flinders-street-Building ma- terials. Messrs, How, KinK, and Co.-At the Pentridgo Ho- tel- Horaea, cows, hoifors, harnoss, dogcart, &,o Messrs. James Henderson and Co.-At Kirk's Bazaar-Racehorses Phcobo and Wildrako, &c.; Messrs. BonoE and Co.-At their rooms, Queen-street Oats, groceries. Mr. J. P. Mackillop.-At tho premises, Swanston Btreot-Stock of drapery, millinery, &o.;_ |SalCB by Auction. THIS DAY. Invoice of Paints. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by tho importer to SELL hy AUCTION, in his rooms, 10 Collins street east, on Thursday, September 27, at twolvo «'clock, (it drums raw Turkey umber, in 281b. and 601b. packages 13 do redlcad, each lewt. 36 do yellow paint, in 281b. drums 20 do Spanish brown, In 281b. kegs 10 kegs emerald green, in 281b. casks. All guaranteed sound. ^_Terms at Salo._ ' Ï.HIS DAY. To Painters, Paperhangors, Ironmongers, and Others Solo of Paints, Olia, and Colours. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the impor- ters to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, 10 vollins-strcot cast, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, Colza oil Baw and boiled linseed oil Paints, papcrhangings Whiting, London waggon grosso, &o.; Fnrthor particulars and terms prior to salo._ ' THIS DAY. ' Xo Painters, Sodawator Manufacturers, and Othorj. 4 Tons Whiting, in small casks. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, ia his rooms, 10 Collins-streot east, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'olook, i tona whiting, in small packages. Invoico weights, and tares. The bulk of the abovo 1b in tho stores of Mossrs. Textern, Jones, and Co., whoro intending purchasorj aro invited to inspect. No Reservo ' THIS DAY. To Painters, Paporhangers, Country Storekeepers, and Others. Extensive Salo of Oils, Paints, and Colours. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in Mb rooms, 10 Collins-streot east, on Thursday, ¡september 27, at twclvo o'clock, 15,000 pieces papcrhangings, comprising Pulps, flocks Satins, bedroom papers Hall papers, marbles, &o.; Also, Colcothar brown paint Chromo yollow, bronzo Bed lead, Turkey umber Brown and yellow paint Emorald green, &o.; All fresh goods, and in lino condition, and To be sold in lots to suit purchasers. I Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. To Painters, Builders, and Others. . 6 Tons Whitelead, in 281b. and 601b. drums», JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the im- porters to SELL by AUCTION, in his roomB, 10 Collins-streot east, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, 6 tons whitelead, first quality, in 281b. and 501b. drums. All in guaranteed condition. Terms at Bale. ' THIS DAY. ' To Oil and Colour Men, Ironmongers, and Others, Baw Linseed Oil. Boiled Do. Do. Colzi Do. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the, im- porters to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, IO Collins-etrcet oast, on Thursday, Soptomber 27, at twelve o'clock sharp, ' 360 gallons raw linseed oil, in five-gallon drums 2S0 do boiled do do, do And 376 do refined eolza do. ' \--. h i" flm> ""ter. nnj original packages. -?-"this day. To Coach Builders, House Putntors, Builders, Paper ^hanCTM, Oil and Colour Men, and Country Storo -»¿¡»ii xunni» oi iiuuio a and Hoaro's Varnlshos. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the im- porters to SELL by AUOTION, in his rooms, 10 Collins-streot east, on Thursday, Soptomber 27, at twclvo o'clock sharp, la gallons coach-buildors' Bizo, in one-gallon tins 10 do do black japan, do 21 do clastic body varnish, do SO do papor do, In two-gallon tins. All in splendid condition. i The above Email invoico Is a cuarantced shipment, ia original packagoa, and to bo sold. Terms-Cash. * FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. ' JSalo of Fine Fresh Groceries, Stout, Bottlod Ale, S.o. JOHNM'COMBEwill hold an extensive SALE of grocerios, ¡te, in his rooms, 10 Collins street «net, on Friday, September 28, at twclvo o'clock, com- prising Sinclair's pigs' jowls and chocks Morice Cox and Co.'s stout Lothflno white herrings, half cases Sago, cheeso Robinson's assorted biscuits Bottled alo, bulk beer, &c;, > _ All now goods. , * THIS DAY. ~~ Bungs and Castor Oil. RF. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC ATJC a TION, at the rooms, Quoen-street, on Thurs- day, (september 27, at eleven o'clock, 4 hhds. castor oil 6 hales bungs, 1 to 3 inch. T* THIS DAY. ' Extensivo and Important Salo of Tubular, Iron, and other Bedsteads. To bo Sold by Order of tbo Importers, ' Without Resorve. ¡ T> P. STUBBS has received instructions to XV, SELL by PUBLIC AÜOTION, at tho rooms, «¿ueen-strect, on Thursday, Soptomber 27, at eleven Tbo 'following shipment, in lots to suit the trade, Tiz':- s, ! Sec. 6 to 8-i cases, each containing C four-pOBt iron bedsteads, 6ft. Oin. by 4ft. Oin. 11-1 caBO do, 6ft. 6in. by 3ft. Oin. 18-1 do do, 6ft Oin. by 4ft. ; ? 18-1 do do, 6 do tubular 6ft. Oin. by 8ft. oin. , 10-1 do do, 0ft. Oin. by 4ft. Oin. 21-2-2 cases do do 28-4-2 do do, 6ft. Oin. by 8ft. Oin. .¡7.9-3 do do, 6ft. Oin. hy 4ft. Oin. ' 32-6-4 do do. Also, bale coir rope mats. Terms at Solo. ' *""-" THIS DAY. ~~" To Hotelkeepers, Restaurateurs, and Others. Unreserved Sale of Spirits, Wines, Boers, &e;,' nry p, STUBBS has received instructions to X\m» SELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at the rooms, <¿uecn-6trcot, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 1 hhd. Honnessy's brandy 6 do Baret's do £ do ram , 80 half-casoi geneva, J D K Z 30 cases Toilet's brandy 26 do do 26 do do 1 lEhbds.alo 8 quarter-casks Cosens's sherry 4 do Graham's port (two diamond) O butts sherry, Bustamento (in bond) 12 hhds. do do (in bond) 80 cases Quillauino Molero's palo brandy O hhds. Roy's brandy 3 do. dark do C quarter-casks do 40 casks By ass's ale and porter, oach 4 dozen 12 cases Jacqucsaon's champagne, each 1 do. ; Terms at Sale. 1 m WEDNESDAY", OCTOBER 8.K5 To Hotelkeepers, Speculators, andOthors. Sale of Valuable Freehold Hotel Property, In High-street, Miry borough. 1 TV W. VIRTUE has received instructions from 1 J. the proprietor to OFFER for SALE by SuBLIO AUCTION, if not previously eold by pii Tato contract (or which duo notice will bo givon), on ttie premises, on Wcdmsday, October 8, at twelva o'clock Bharp, Tho whole of those extensivo premisos known as Commercial Hotel, fituate in tho most business part of Maryborough, having 60ft. frontage to the High street. The hotel contaras 14 rooms, and commands anox «el'cnt trade. Kitchen, stables, out-offices, &o.; The whole to be sold without reserve. Tltlo, Crown grant Terms at sale, very liberal. Further particulars can bo bad on application to air D W. virtue, auctioneer, Maryborough;or Mr, J.'yi. Dunbar, solicitor, Dunolly. Ci) THIS DAT. 1 Caso Beal Havannah Cigars, o Tobacconists, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. KEIG and MURRAY will SELL byAUC " TION, at their rooms, Collins-street west, on mrsday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, 1 coso real Havannah cigars, containing 10,000. In first-rate order. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 100 Boxes Stearine Sperm Candles.' To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Othon. /^IKEIG and MURRAY have received inslruo IX tiona from the importers to SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Colllns-streot west, on Thurs- day, September 27, at twelve o'clock, 100 boxes stcarlno sperm, candles. In splendid order. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. On Acoount of Whom it Moy Concern. Ex Rapid. 4 Bales Kent (1859) Hops. Slightly Damoger! by Soa-water. To Brewers, Grocers, Storokoopors, and Other.!. /^IREIG and MURRAY will SELLbyAlTC VT TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Septombar ST, at twelve o'clock, On account of whom It may concern, Fx Rapid, i bales Kent (I860) hops. Slightly damaged by sei water. Terms-cash. No Rosorvo. THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Ex Gosport. 68 Cases Mechin's Dublin Stout, ullagcd bottles. To Wine and Spirit Morchauts, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Septembor 27, at twolve o'clock, On acoount of whom it may concern, Ex Gosport, G B and Co., in diamond, Bec. 2,051-8,100-68 cases Dublin stout, ullagcd. TermB-cash. No Reserve. THIS DAY. 20 Bales 1867 Kent Hops. 16 Barrels Driod Apples. To Brewers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at theil rooms, on Thursday, Septembor 277 at twelvo o'clook, 20 bales 1867 Kent hops 10 barrels dried apples. Terms-cash. Without Reserve. THIS DAY. 50 Cases Colonial Jams. To Grocers, Confectioners, Storokoopors, and Othorä. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, »t thoir rooms, on Thursday, Boptombcr 27, at twelvo o'clock, 60 coses colonial jams, consisting of-gooseberry, Orleans plum, peaches, &c.; Tornis-cash. No Reserve. THIS DAY. Account of Whom it May Concern. 81 Bags Liverpool Coarso Salt. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Doalors, aud Others. /3.REIG and MURRAY will SELL by.AUC %J| TION, at their rooms, Collins-stroet west, on Shnrsdoy, September 27, at twelve o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, SI bags Liverpool coarse salt. t No reserve. I Terms- Cish. t THIS DAY. ; 100 Cases Alo and Porter. To Wine and Spirit Morehants, Doalors, and Others. f^JREIG and MURRAY will SELL by'AUC IX TION, at their rooms, Colllns-Btroot west, on Thursday, September 27, at twolvo o'clock, , 100 casoH ale and porter. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 20 Cases of Castor Oil. 10 Do Salt, in jars. 10 Barrels Currants. < . ?? Old Tom, Brandy, &c.; ' To Wine and Spiiit Merchants, Grocers, and Others. pi REIG and MURRAY will SELL by 'AUC IJ« TION, at thoir rooms, Colllns-streot west, on Thursday, September ii, at twelvo o'clock, To closo accounts, 20 cases quart castor oil 10 do salt, in jars. 10 barrels currants. Also, 3 hhda. Nicholson's old tom 6 do Dumas brandy. Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. ICO Cases Assorted Jams. 8 Do. Pint Saúcos. 0 Do. Half-pint Do, each 1 dozen. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. f^\ KEIG and MURRAY have received inslrue IT tlons from the importers to SELL by'AUC- TION,'at their rooms, Colllns-streot west, on ühiirs day, September 27, at twelvo o'clock, 100 cases a'sortcd jams 8 do pint sauces 0"do half-pint do. ? The attention of the trade is particularly requosto.l to this parcel of first- rato goods, which is just landed in primo condition. ; Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 20 Tons Rico Flour. To Grocers, Storokccpots, Dealers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AU1 ;.TION, at their rooms, Colllns-streot west, on Thursday, Scptomber Ï7, at twolvo o'clock, ~~" THIS DAY. Ex Wellesley, now Just Landed. Bottled Fruits, Pickles, Salad Oil. Jams, Carraways, Arrowroot. Mixed Spice, French Plums, Figs. Also, 20 BarrelB Brewers' Isinglass. To Grocors, Fruitorors, Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC . TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Septum ? her 27, at twelvo o'clock, Bottled fruits ?'< Jams Pickles Salad oil : Mustard 50 bags carraways 60 cases arrowroot 15 do mixed spice 25 do Imperial plums ? 82 do Eleme figs, in drums and boxes 20 barrels brewers' isinglass. Terms at salo, I The attention of the trado is particularly requested to the'abovo choice lot of goods, now just landed ex WolleBloy. _._' THIS DAY Sherry, Claret, Bum, Whiskey, &c.; " To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Dealers, and Other«. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC .TION, at their rooms, Collins-street W0i t, on Thursday, September 27, at twolvo o'clock, 80 quarter-casks sherry 250 cases claret, 1 dozen 20 hhds, W. I. rum, prime samplo 10 do whiskey, do. ; To close accounts. j; Terms at sale. No Reserve THIS DAY. 160 Half-Cbotts Congou Tea. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Deal ora, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- tions from the importers to SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Colllns-streot west, on Thurs- day, September 27, at twolvo o'clock, 150 half-chests congou tea. Tern» at Salo. THIS DAY. 160 Boxes eva Stearine Candles, light weights, 23 packets each box. For Unreserved Sale. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, i^i REIG and MURRAY are instructed by tbo Bx Importers to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms,', Collins-stroot west, on Thursday, September 27, at twolvo o'clock, ', 160 boxes Nova stcarlno candles, light weights, oach 26 packets. t No reserve. Í Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. Important Sale of Choice New Goods. Just Landing and Landed. ' Candles, Jama, Sauces, Castor Oil, Confectionery, Raisins, Currants, Mustard, Sardine?, io To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, anl , Othors. , g-\ REIG and MURRAY have received instruj IT tlons from tho Importers to SELL by AUCTION, atUieir roomB, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock! . , , , The ..following invoice of choleo now goods, ju>t landed in splendid order :- ¡ 100 boxoB light-weight candles 60 coses Batty'a pint pickles, assorted 10 do Colman's mustard, in 71b. tins " 60 boxes Muscatel raisins, hi splendid order 60 halt-boxes do, do < 26 barrels pudding raisins, do 100 boxes Kbme do, do ; 26 barrels ) rime currants 60 cates assorted jams 20 do do sauces 10 do do confectionery 10 do castor oil 5 dojujubes iO do quarter sardines, se. TcrmBatBalo. ' The abovo aro primo now goods, just lauded, an J are to bo sold. _ THIS DAY. 24 Tierces Fine Colonial Mces Beef. To Bhipchandlcr-, Provision Dealers, end Othor». r^REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC Ix TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, a«- twelvo o'clock, 21 tierces fine colonial mess beer. Without Reservo._ " THIS DAY. ' i 100 Firkins D. R. Cork Butter. To Cheesemongers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. rf-IBEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC 14 TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 2îT»t twelve o'clock, I 100 fiiUinsD. B. Cork butter. J Terms at Sale. I ' ,THIS DAY. 160 Boxes Raisins. 00 Do. Sultanas. 20 Cases Elemo Figs. 100 Bundles Calcutta LineB. To Grocors, Storekoopors, and Others. flREIG and MURRAY -will SELL by AUC VX TION, at tholr rooms, on Thursday, Septom ber 27, at twelve o'clock, 160 boxes raisins 00 do sultanas 20 cases Elemo figs 100 bundles Calcutta lines. Without reserve. ^_Terms-Cash. "~"~" THIS DAY. ~ 20 Cases Barry's Chicory, In 601b. tins. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. /I REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC ^T TION, at their rooms, Colllns-stroot west, on Thursday, Soptcmbor 27, at twolvo o'clock, Ex Australian, £0 cases Barry's chicory, each 2cwt., in 661 tins. In first-rato order. Guaranteed sample _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. 70 Casca Whitbrcad's Stout. To Wino nnd Spirit Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their roomB, on Thursday, September 27, at twclvo o'clook, 70 cases Whitbroad's stout. A genuino shipment. Without Roserve. THIS DAY. " 25 Casos Doublo Gloucester Cheese l8 Do. North Wilta Do. To Cheesemongers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on ThuiBday, Soptombor 27, at twolvo o'olock, 26 cases double Gloucester choeso l8 do North Wilts do. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 8 Cbbcb 'J. M. F,, Jean Marlo Farina Eau do Cologne, each 60 dozen. To Perfumers, Hairdressers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will [SELL by AUC TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twclvo o'clock, 8 casca J. M. F" Joan Marlo Farina eau de Cologne, each 60 dozen. TonnB-cash, No Reservo. THIS DAY. 8 Tons Colonial Flour. 2 Do. Pollard. To Mlllors, Bakors, and Others. ¡Ti REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC »X TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 277at twelve o'clook, 8 tons colonial flour 2 do pollard. No resorvo. Terms-Cash, THI8 DAY. 2b Cases Bromnor's Bacon, each 2cwt. 66 Half-Bairols Dried Apples. 100 Casks Ind and Coopo's Alo, quarts. Tor Unrosorved Sale. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Wino and Spirit Merchants, and Others. ' *1 REIG and MURRAY have received instruc \TT tionsfrom tho importera to SELL by AUCTION, atthoir roomB, on Thursday, Soptombor 27, at twolvo o'clock, Ex Gipsoy Bride, 20 cases Bremncr'a bacon, each 2cw t. Ex Mary Bangs, £6 half-barrels dried apples. Ex Malvina Vidal, 100 casks Ind and Coopo's alo, quarts, each i dozen. No reserve. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. . 100 Barrels Currants. 120 Boxes Elemo Raisins, 10 Casos Chocolate 20 Caaks Pearl Barley. 10 Barróla Ginger. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, Septem- ber 27, at twelve o'clock, 100 barrels currants 120 boxes Elemo raisins 10 cases chocolato 20 casks pearl barley 10 barrels ginger. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 100 Cases Guinncai's Stout, each 3 dozen. 160 Do. Champagne Vluojards Brandy. 200 Do, Geneva, half-coses. To Wino and Spirit Morchants, Storekeepers, and Othors. GREIG and MURRAY aro.instructed by tho importora to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twclvo o'clock, 100 cobos Gulnness's stout, each 3 doz. 160 do Champagno Vineyards brandy 200 do geneva, half-caste. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. On Account of Whom it May Concorn. Ex Bunker Hill. 80 Boxes Prico'a Belmont Gandío?. Moro or Loss Damaged. To Grocors, Storekeepers, and Othors. Í1 REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC T TION, at tholr roora«, on Thursday, Soptomber "Ex Bunker Hill, O B and Co. in diamond, 40 boxes Price's patent Belmont sperm candles, each 25 lib. packets .IB do do, each 25 01b packets 0 do llght-w eight candlcB, each 251b. ' Moro or lose damagod. Without rosorvo. Torms-Cash. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. At Eleven o'clock. Thrco Cases Now Books. To BooksollciB, Gentlemen, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC- TION, at tholr rooms, on Saturday, Soptomber 20, at twolvo o'clock, Tbrec casos now books, comprising tho works of Byron, Shakspcaro, Pope, Longfellow, Bulwer, Lever, Sir W. Scott, Dumas, Charlotte Bronto, Mra. S. O. Hall, Mrs. Goro, Mrs. Trollope, Mrs, Sherwood, Ainsworth, Cuthbert Bodo, Moyhoty, O. Reado, Aytoun, Cressy, Hazlltt, Carlyle, Washington Irving, Gerstaecko», i.olgh Hunt, N. P. Willis, Ohrlatian Cabinots, and various popular authors. Terms-caBh. Observe-Soturday's Salo Elovon o'clock. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. To Speculators, Country Storekeepers, and Small Capitalists. 20 Mount Hopo (Gordon Diggings) Mining Company's Shares. Quarter-acro of Land in Government Township, at Gordon Diggings. GREIG and MURRAY aro instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Saturday, Beptcmbor 20, at twolvo o'clock procifoly, 20 Mount Hopo mining Bharcs, £3 paid on each. Tho attontlon of speculators Is directed to the fa- vourable prospects of this company, as published In tho daily papers of tho 27th ¡mt, and also to the fact that tho recent call of £1 porabaro Is paid on thora shares, One quarter aero allotmont, in tho Government township at tho Oordon Gold-field, main Ballarat road, being Allotment 20 of SCction 11. This lot has two cornors, with throo frontagoî, two and a half chains of which latter front Wallaco ttrcct, aftor which tho township is named, and is ono ofthenoarcst lots to tho quartz-roofs for which this gold-field ia bo celebrated. It has also tbo additional recommendation of being on tho adjoining block to that reserved hy Govornmont for public offices. Thoso parties who aro unacquaintod with Gordon aro referred to Bradshaw'fl Guido. Plan of the township at the auctioneers', and at tho sale. Title, Crown grant to vendor. No reserve. Terms-cash. Note tho Timo-Twolvc o'clock Precisely. E THIS DAY. Freehold, Richmond. KINSMAN has roooived instructions to _ SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, All that valuable stone building, having five rooms, with out-bulldlogs, neat garden, all fenced in. The land has a frontago of 33ft. to Buckingham £lnco by 144ft. deep, with a frontago of 38ft. to incoln-Btroet, makintr two frontages. Tho property is woll situated, near Ghurch-Btroct, and oppoBl*,e Mr. Rulo's gardens. Aloo, 10 allotments in Buckingham-strcot, each SO feet hy 63 feet deep. Tltlo good. Terms-Half cash, thrco and lix months'. Salo at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and vainer, 8 Moor-Etreet, Fitzroy._ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Household Furniture. 7 Stowart's-bulidings, Regont-Btroet, Fitzroy. N KINSMAN has received instructions to a SELL by AUCTION, on tho premises, 7 htewart's-bulldlngs, Rcgent-Btreet, near Victoria parade, on Frldaj*, September 28, The whole of the household furniture Mahogany couch, enarra (covered with velvet, &a; ), gilt-frame mirror ; dining, card, and other tables ; fonder and irons, carpet and rug, easy chairs, Bidcboard, clock, books and glass book- case, ornaments, pictures, loo tablo and cover, iron bedsteads and bedding, toilet-glass, wash stand and ware, dresslng-tabloi, bair mat- tresses, china, crockery, pans, kitchen uten Salo at eleven o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer I nd valuator, 8 Moor-atreet, Fitzroy, _? MONDAY, OOTOBER 1. Comer Allotment, Mollison and Charles Btrtets.'East Collingwood. "VT KINSMAN has received instructions to _M| « SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, All that choleo corner having a frontage of 44 feet to Mollison-strcet, by 148 fcot frontago to Ghirlej streot. Title good. Terms-Half cash, three and bIx months. Salo at two o'clock, by N. Ktnsmvi, auctioneer, toute and land agen', 3 Moor street, Fitzroy. PRELIMINARY NOTICE of SALE. To Master Marinorp, Bailwuy Contractors, Navvies, and Others. Extension cf Williamstown, Between the Great Junction Terminus and the Town and Bay. MR. STUBBS is instructed by tho proprie- tor to bring tho valuablo semi-suburban aud semi-town property to PUBLIC COMPETITION, on tho ground, on Thunda], October 4, at twelvo o'eloeï precisely, As per plan to bo inspected at the mart. 1st. The sizes of tho lots vary from 00x106, moro or Icsb, leaving ovcry purchaser freo as to tho extent ho might-wish to go. 2nd. Tho land is fit for immcdlato occupation, and divested of underwood, decidedly improving tho pro- perly by a delightful opening view of tho Buy. I 3rd. It is not moro than a fen minutes' walk from the railway station or steamer. The train posses every hour, ,. Noto.-Tho man of business has ovorythiiig ho can wish for in tho enjoyment of hlB villa conugonnd giounds, without any hindrance to his dally ii Hairs, for it is well known that mon living out of town aro more punctual by an hour or two than those living in. Their sleep is sweet, and men riso lusty and strong, w lih a cool head and Bteady band. Thon, as to Locality. The town and harbour is on tho loft, and the junction terrcinus on tho right, cqul-distant irom both; In tho rear. Williamstown properties, the town itself being bo subdivided by well-established streets of lntorcouraa that overy deslroblo communication Is most provi- dently taken caro of. Term's-25 por cent., and tbo roslduo at threo, six, nine, and twelvo months', bearing 10 por cent, por annum. ' \ THIS DAY. Moro Freohold Investments. Monthly Incomes. Opposite St, John's Church, Melbourne. Four Good-sized Houses. Each let at £6 10b. por Month. To Moneyed Contractors, Small Capitalists, and Others. ["R. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor ..'(who is settled in tho country) to SELL by LIO AUCTION, on the premises, LaTrobo-strcet, near the corner of Ellzaboth-stroot, on Thursday, Sep. tcmber 27, at twelvo o'olock prcolsoly, All thora four freohold income properties b1 tua to opposite St. John's Church, and numbered S, 10, 12, and 14 La Trobo-Btreet. N.B. To bo sold all in ono lot, or separately, with right-of-way in tho roar. Ihoy will go cheap. Terms at salo. Tltlo, freehold. Note.-Tho publie oro awaro of tho^prudont policy adopted by tho banks. MONDAY, OCTOBER 1. East House, With Immediate Possession. Adjoining tho Residence of- Huckson, Esq., East Melbourne MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho pro mises, Fowlett-stroot, on Monday, Octobor 1, at half past twolve o'clock precisely, Tho abovo oliglblo property. Noto.-Tho houso contains sovon rooms, two Btorlos high, is woll and substantially built, and tho bricks and all tho materials used bolng of tho very best de- scription, tho front btuccocd with Portland cement. On the ground-floor thoro is front room 12 x 12, backroom 12 x10, ontranco- hall, and passago, 6ft. and 3ft. 81n. wido. On tho uppor floor thoro is largo drawingroom 10ft. Oin. x 12ft. flin., and two bedrooms, sorvants'-rooru over the kitchen about 10ft. lonir, approached by so parato s-talrcaso, and communicating with the uppor bedrooms. Tho yard is partly paved with bricks, largo fowlhouso, and othor outbuildings. The front garden is woll stocked with choice planti, and enclosed with a neat fence, and thoro is a right-of way 0ft. Oin. wide, leading into Powlott- strect, running; tho wholo length of tho premises, 182ft. Tho street is metallod, and has been roeontly kcrbed and channelled, and lighted with gas. Thcro is a beautiful vlow from tho drawingroom windows of tho Studley Park Reservo and Dandenong Ranges. The houso is in good ropalr, bolng nearly new, and in fact it posscssos everything which tends to mako a residence comfortable, and combined with respect- ability and convenience. Cards to view moy bo had hyapplylng at tborooms, Quccn-streot. Terms-Half-cash, and tho rcBiduo at three, six, and nino months', Tltlo guaranteed. Locality-Powlett-street, near the residence of the Lord Bishop of Melbourne TUESDAY, OOTOBER~2Í To Industrious Clerks, Mechanics, and Immigrants Lately Arrived. Barkly Cottage, Opposlto Barkly-square, Richmond, Near tho Church-street Railway Station. MR. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION, on tho premisos, Lcsiioy-street, on Tucs Octobor 2, at one o'clock ptceisoly, AH that valuablo freehold Richmoud property and premises known us Barkly Cottage, comprising parlour, two bedrooms, and kltchon (fitted v.l.n good cooking range); altogether a vory snug little neat placo, just suited to a man with a small family. No outlay roqulrcd but tho purchnso, tbo rest all ready. Terms-Half Cash; tho residue at four months. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. The woll-known Crack Sailing Yacht, PADDY FROM CORK. Just in timo for the forthcoming Geelong lirgat'a. To Gentlemen of Independence, roslding at Bishton, St. Kudo, and other PIcturcsquo Watcrlng-phu.o>. MR. STUBBS is instructed by tho winners and ownere to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tno Government Pier at Sandridge, on Finlay, October 5, at ono o'clock p.m. precisely, Tho above-mentioned beautiful sailing yacht, PADDY FROM CORK. Noto.-She is 0 35-94 ton«, coppered and copper fastened, nnd well found. All her upper and groi nil tier tacklo is in flrst-rato condition, and all her «Und- ing and running rigging alsj. She has two mainsail', two foresails, square sall, two balloons, three working 6tons7caVbaïa1slt','r,IlVa UoJo ""' «few-A" Í"¡o The inventory w^^g^at m. -,. Refreshments, &c;, on board. " TUESDAY, OOlOBElt 0. "" Preliminary Notice. Near tho Post-ofllco, Littlo Bourlto-stroot, oppoMto tho handsomo rango of buildings of M. Limh, iE i| J.P., and adjoining tho property of tho lion, li! Miller and other wealthy proprloters. To Capitalists and Others. MR. STUBBS has been favoured with instruc- tions from Andrew Mncarthur, Esq , moiit nul attorney for tho proprlotor, to BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho ground, on Tuesday, Ootob:r 0, at, twelvo o'clock precisely, All thoso eligible control city promises, Lil lu Bourko-strcet, now in tho occupation of Mr. Hutchinson at £100 per unnuin, with n la-¡.ei area of mercantile warehouse building land, im- mediately behind tho Herald ofllco and tim i xiin slvo establishment of Messrs. Buckley and N uuu. Further particulars in a futuro advertitummt. Term» ot Kolo. WEDNEbDAY, OCTOBER 17. " To Markotgardcuors, Ncwly-Arriud Immigrant-!, ami Others. Wilton Grange, Elsternwick'and Llttlu Brighton. A very Valuable Villa Estato c-r 20 Acres, Fit for tho Establlslimcpt of a Gentleman and Family. MR. STUBBS' is instructed by the promiuur to SELL by PUBLIC AUCT-ION, lu iL , r, petty, on 1\ ednosday, October 17; at ono o'elucl: in ». cicely, A valuablo villa or markctgarden estato cf 2i acres, sltuoto at the corner of the listen.« le k and Littlo Brighton boundary, opposite tho i..-,i dence of - Shepherd, Ei q. Tho deeds of grant (two) of ibis completo pn ductlvo property aro In favour of tho prcsbirfnn mr, and may bo inspected if uccwary before tim mlo, ?*.'> that an intending buyer thus nothing to' du hut i,> mako up his mind to the propr.oty of the purch isa, nnd to go upon it at oneo, having the following e.i.y grounds to work upon immediately, viz. : 1\. It is all fenced Jind cnclorcd.. . 2\. All undor crop, and In cultivation. 8\. A nover-failing spring e>f pellucid water. Terms at balo. AUCTIONEERS' NOTICE. THE SALE of HOUSEUOLD FURNITURE and EFFECTS advortlsod to take place at 1 Uurner's-cottages, Gardiners Cieek- roail, it POST- PONED until Baturdiy next, September 20, at ono o'clock. , Further particulars In futuro orlurt'somcnln. , _BEAUCHAMP BRO fHF.Ita, Auctioneers. PRELIMINARY NOTICE! j Valuablo Property lu Brunswick-street, Collingwood. In tho Estato of Edward Grln.oi, Ksq , Deceased. By Order of tho txecutor, Charles II. Ebden, Esq. X3EAU0HAMP BROTHERS aro favoured Jj with instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLhJ COMPETITION, on nu early day, duo uotlco of which will bo given, ¡ All that valuablo property now occupied by Mr. William M. Akhurst, having a frontage to Bruni wlck-stroet of 41ft. by a depth oi 132It., wita n. right-of-way leading to tho DevonBbiro Arms Hotel, together with the buildings thereon. Torms, liberal, declared at salo. For further particulars apply to tho auctioneers. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuablo Building Land at Sandridge, Having frontages to Bay-street, Railway-placo, Raglan and Nott streets. IEAUOHAMP BROTHERS havo iiiEtrtfclion _I to offer for SALE by PUBLIC AUOTION, on tin early day, Several valuablo building allotment, Fomo in the original Government blocks and others subdlvidiil, plans of which, with full Information, may bo ob- tained of the auctioneers. Terms liberal. Titles, Crown Granta._ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. iTo Families Furnishing. Cardlgan-strcot, Carlton. MR. ZOHRAB has received instructions to SELL by AUOTION, without reserve, tim property of a family leaving tho colony, at their rod denco, l18 Caräigan-stroet, Carlton, on Friday, S;,. tcmber 28, atone o'clock, AU tho modern and nearly "now household fmni turo, eomprlBlng-Excellent mahogany cjiuch, lounging and other chairs to match in lialr seating, superior mahogany escritolro, chiffon- nière, drawers, and dining table, handsomo plated tea and ooffeo services, and other ar- ticles, double iron bedsteads, hair mattrcs-c, blankets and bedding, china, dinnor and te.i services, mirror, cutgloss decanters, Ac, dressing-tables, wasbstand, cooking utensils, pictures, culleiy. spoors, carpets, rugs, &o.; No Reserve, / THIS DAY. To Country Storekeepers, Grocers, Doalors, and Others. _ Extensivo Salo of Gonoral Merchandlso. TJtriLLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) f ¥ has recolved instructions from Messrs. Colin >. Cainpboll and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at his i oom*, Collins-Btreot, on Thursday, Soptombor 27, at twelve o'clock, 120 cases Tbin's jams, 4 dozen each, assorted 100 barrels currants, now fruits 60 cases do, do 400 boxes Musca,«! raisins 4 tierces Sultana do 46 boxes Bago, Uno grain £0 cases Colman's mustard, in tins, 71b., 41b, lib. and jib. 20'do do starch 80 do blacklead 120 barróle table salt SOO tons coarse »-It 140 drums linseed oil, boilod and raw 20 do turpontino 15 tierces rcdlcad, 281b. and 601b. kcgB] 100 boxes tin plates, lo, Ix, lxx, lxpp, and lxxx 300 kegs patent nails, assorted 8 tons galvanized corrugated iron, 24, 20, and 23 gaugo 4 do do plain do, do do 10 do boilor-plato, assorted, from 8-0ths inch to Jin. 80 bottles best Spanish quicksilver, guarantsoJ 761b. not Caithness and other pavement 20 cases Storoy's oil baizes 250 coils Manilla cordago, jin, to 61n. 26 balos throo-bushcl bags 80 bolts bleached canvas 08 do navy boiled do 300 boxes Liverpool soap, 601b. and 1121b. each 400 cases whiskey 8hhds. Capo wino 45 casos do 150 do Burton ale, i dozon each 6 do fancy soap. « 20 barrels primo moss pork 20 half barróla do. Torins, Liberal, Declarod at Salo. Tho trado would do woll to attend tbo abovo sale, as the wholo of the gooda aro of first quality._ THIS DAY. To Grocors, Storokccpors, and Others. Jams. Jams. WILLIAM PERRY (lato Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his mart, Collins street, on Thursday, Soptombor 27, at twolvo o'clock, 20 cases colonial jams, nssortcd-applo, peach, and greengage, In lib. and 21b. jars. Terms-Cash. TniS DAY. To Settlers, Storokeopors, and Others. 20 Tons Flour Sulphur. WILLIAM PERRY (lato Symons and Perry) wiU SELL by AUOTION, at his rooms, Collins streot, on ThursJay, Soptombor 27, at twolvo o'clock, 20 tons flour sulphur. _Terms at Sale._ THIS DAY. To Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, Doalors, and Others. 100 Tons Coarso Liverpool Salt. 10 Do Fino Do. Ex Champion of tho Soas. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUOTION, at his rooms, Collin«, streot, on Thursday, Soptombor 27, at twolvo o'clock, 100 tons coarso Liverpool salt 10 do fino do. _Terms at Salo._ THIS DAY. To Ironmongers, Storokeopors, Doalors, and Othors. Coal Naptha. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry will SELL by AUOTION, at bia rooms, Collins streot, on Thursday, Soptombor 27, at twolvo o'clock, 60 drums coal naptha. Torms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Grocors, Storokoepors, Doalors, and Othors. WILLIAM PERRY (lato Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Col- lins-street, on Thursday, Soptombor 27, at twelve o'clock, 20 cases Keillor's lozenges and confectionery 20 do dojams 16 balos trey papor 20 do glngorbeer corks. _Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY. To Giocors, Storekeepers, Dcalors, and Othors. 63 Cases W. I. Arrowroot, 1LLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins streot, on Thursday, Soptomber 27, at twolve o'clook, 24 cases W. I. arrowroot, each S 141b. tins 24 do do, each 10 71b. do 16 do do, each E4 lib. packets. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. ' To Wino and Spirit Merchants, Publicans, and Othois. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUOTION, at his rooms, Collins streot. on Friday, Soptembor23, attwolvoo'uioek, 200 cases champagne 100 do Central Vinoyard brandy 100 do sherry. Terms at Salo. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. To Country Storokccpors, Dealers, and Othors. 40 Tons Fatua Rico, 1 cwt. bags. WILLIAM PERKY (lato Symons and Perry) V.Í11 SELL by AUOTION, at his rooms, Collins streot, on Friday, Soptomber 28, at twolve o'clock, 400 bagB Pama rico, 1 cwt. each. Terms, Liberal, declared at Salo. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. To Corn Dcalors, Livcry-Btablo Keepers, and Othors. 8,000 Bushels Californian Oats. 4,000 Do Colonial Do. WILLIAM PEERY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUOIION, athis rooms, Colhns tf.OUO Eusfiols Californian oats 4,000 do colonial do. _Terms at Salo. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Important and Extensivo Solo of General Merchandise To tho Trado of Molbourno, Goolong, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, Ballarat, &c.; Ex Lato Arrivant. TXriLLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) f w has received inBtructlons from tho importers to SELL by AUOTION, at his rooits, Colllns-stroot, on Friday, September 23, at twolvo o'clock, Tho following choleo assortment of merchandlso, comprising Groceries and Oilnion's Stores, 860 caBos Batgor'sjams, lib. ja>s 200 do do, lib. tina 200 do do, 21b. jira 200 do do, 21b. tins IO do candied pool S60 do Feast's bottled fruits, aisortod 170 do do gooseberries 160 do do chorrlos SO do do black currants 60 boxes Capo raisins 100 chests sago 100 cases sardines, quarters 300 do Feast's pint pickles, assorted 60 do do walnuts 100 do do onions 60 quarter-casks Champion's vinegar, No. 24 100 do do, No. l8. 40 cases arrowroot 26 barrels tapioca 10 jam ginger 80 casoa Orlando Jones's starch 1 caso nutmegs. Wlncfl, &o.; 80 hhds. Hunt's port, four diamond 40 quarter-casks do do, do 30 hhds. Cosons's sherry 20 do Duff Gordon's do 600 cases Imperial sherry, No. 1 COO do do, No. 2 lOOdopoit, No. 1 100 do do, No. 2 200 do superior lint) ol ra 100 do clarot, St. Kittpho 64 do do, St, Julien 86 do do, Paulllao 180 do Burgundy 36 do stolnwlno 160 do sparkling mosollo 120 do do hock 07 do do muscatel. Torms, liberal, declared at Balo. Tho attendance of tho trado le particularly roquosted to the above, as it will afford them an opportunity of «sorting their stockB with flrst-clasB goods. MONDAY, OCTOBER 1. " To tho Boot and Shoo Trado, Storekeepers', Dcalors, and Others. 35 Trunks Boots and Shoes. From tho Celebrated Maker, Thomas Benson Elloj. At the Exncnso and Risk ot Mesara, J. Uoymonson and Co. WILLIAM PERRY ¡late Symons and Perry) will SELLlby AUOTION, at lila roomB, Cblllns Etrcet, on Monday, October 1, nt twelvo o'clock, 35 trunks first-class boots and shoes, consulting of Men's stout blucbors, tipped and bradded, No. 1 Do do, do, No. 2 Do bluchers, copper sprigged, No. 1 Do do, do, No. 2 Do do, do, No. 8 Do calf wellingtons, copper sprlggod, No. 1 Do do, do, No. 2 Do clump wellingtons, No. 2 Do short wellingtons, coppor sprigged, No. 1 Do do, do, No. 2 Do short wellingtons, clumped. No. 2 Youths' laco boots, tipped and braddod, No. 1 Do do, bradded, No. 1 Women's cloth boola, lace, patont golOBhod, No. 2 Do do, do, elastic sido, No. 2 Do do, do, No. 8 Do cordovan boots, eyelets, No. 1 Girls' do, do, No. 1, 10-13 Do do, do, No. 1,0-0, itc. Terms, Liberal. Declared at Balo._ TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2. JOHN PHILP has received instructions from tho mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, on tho i romiscB, on Tuosday, Octolor 2, at twolvo o'clock. All that pieco or parcol of land bolng part of Allot- ment 10 of Section 74, containing 20 porohos, having a frontago to Dryburgh- stroot of 1 chain, by a depth along Victoria streot of 1 chain and 25 linkB, togethor with flvo well-built weatherboard cottages erected thorcon. _Terms at Bale._ THIS DAY. GEORGE THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on tho Queen's Wharf, on Thurs- day, September 27, at cloven o'clock, 7,400ft, 9x4,20ft. long. No reservo. -"?» Terms-Cash. THIS DAY. Important to Jowollcrs, Watchmakers, Admirers ol Bijouterie, and Others. Positivo and Unresorved Salo of A Valuablo Selection of Flrst-eloss Jewollory, orderod expressly for solo, for and on Account of the Execu- tors under tho Conditions of a Will. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at thoir mart, Bourko-street, on Thursday, e eptcmbor 27, at elovon o'clock, Tho following valuablo selections of ilrst-olass j e v, ellery, consisting of Diamonds Singlo and double stoned diamond ringB J Diamond, opal, and emerald hoop rings Enamelled cluster and pearl do Emerald, ruby, and carbunclo do Armlets, richly sot In diamond, ruby, poarls, topas, garnets, and carbuncle > Richly embossed earrings, rings In momorla, mourn- ing broochc?, Maltese crapes. i AmotbyBt and other brooches, Irish goid-mountod brooches, &o; Colonial Manufacturo. Brooches, pot», rings, neckties, diggers'pin;, with cradles, kangaroo, nuggets, masonic omblora j L-idios' chains Gold chains', &o.; Curb, albert, ring, and other patterns ; gold koys on rings, gold seals, fino gold peiicllcoses, ladies' lockets, vinaigrettes, gentlemen's gold studs, and ladles' gold keepers, tipsy keys, cite., coral and other beads, neck ornnnicnts. Buttor knives, silver plcklo forks, spoons, and knives i And A quantity of other valuablo articles. Tho wholo of which must bo sold to tho highest bidder Without any reserve. Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Pawnbroker's Solo of Unredeemed Plcdgos. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, . at their mart, Bourko-Btroet, ou Friday, Sep- tember 28, ot oleven o'clock, Tho following unrodoemed pledges, by ordor of Mr. M.Davis, liconsod pawnbroker, 84 Swamtou-strcot, A largo quantity of gold and silver watches, vory handsomo sot of diamonds, earrings and brooches, diamond rings and pins, colonial gold brooches and rings, ladles' and gentlemen's gold chains and alborts, quantity of silver guards, trunk of gontlemen's E. S. boots, tiuuk of ladles' hoots, Denne and Adams's rovolvers, doublo and single barrel guns, musical-boxes, io. ' Also, Choice assorted library of books, a largo quantity of wcarlng-apparol, two bales groy blankets, &c.; Terms-Cash. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Pawnbroker's Salo of Unredeemed Pledges. X LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, .I a at their mart, Bourke street, ou Friday, Soptonibor 28, ot cloven o'clock, Tho following unredeemed pledges, by order of Josoph Davis, lato Morris Snick, 100 King stroot:-Cold and silvor watches, diiraond rings, silvor spoons, clothing, aud a eortlflcotu _ot brandy._ MONDAY and TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1 and 2 Two Days'Balo of tho Wholo of the Stock-in-Trade of Mr. John Juniper, In Consequonco of his Retiring from tho Business. To Builders, Contractors, Ironmongers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, a on tho promlsoB, cornor of Vlctorio-parado and Brunswlck-strcot, on Monday and Tuesday, Oc- tober 1 and 2, commencing each day at eleven o'clock precisely, , The wholo of Mr. Junlpor s valunolo Btoek-ln-trado of ironmongery, shop fixtures, &c.; Full particulars of which will bo given in a cata- logue now in course of preparation, and which may bo had at tho rooms of tho auctioneers previously to sale. Torios-cash. The premises to let._ AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. , To Householders about to Loavo tho Colony, and J [Others. ; AMES WADE, of Wado and Gowan, having completed arrangements for tho Bolo of furniture, &e;, in addition to his prêtent auction buslnosi, is now proparod to SELL by PUBLIC AUOTION, at pri- vate residences, on the usual terms, . HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, and other effects, which porsoflB may entrust.to him for disposal. ' His partner, J. D. Gowan, will glvo his personal attention to tho lotting, cataloguing, and carrying out of tho necessary preliminaries, in such a ninnnoi ob will relievo the Boiler of all troublo and ensure to them tho best sales, JAMES WADE, of Wndo and Gowan, 80 Collins street, Drapery and Furniture Auctioneer. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. To Buyors for Moreton Bay, Queensland, Countrj Storekeepers, and Others. Panama Hats. J "WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELL bj s AUOTION, at tho rooms, 80 Colllns-streot, on Friday, September 28, at twolvo o'clock, 8°Berons Panama hatii. No rosorvo. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Unresorved Bolo of Fancy Drapery, Ribbons, Silk Muslin Goods, Mlllncry, Underclothing, Hosiery Haberdashery, Linen QoodB, Slop«, &o.; To Warohousomon, Drapers-, Milliner», Silk Mcrcors, Clothiers, Outfitters, Country Storekeepers, Doolor» and Buyers for tho Diggings. J WADE, of Wado and Gowan, hag boon in . structcd by the importers to SELL by PUBLli. AUOTION, at their niait, fcO Collins stroot ca-t, on Friday, September 28, at eleven o'clock, Tho following new and choice assortment of non goods, to be sold without reservo : Muilin drotscs Striped and crossover silks Fancy head-dresses and feathers Muslin curtains and sets . Black silk hood tassols , Patent crinoline boll- shaped hats , French morlnoos Crossovor mixtures Mohair fallólos ' Lsdlos' muslin nightcaps , , Do Tancy alpaca dresses 24 drab and brown orlontal ribbons Ladles' dross caps and blonde Do white and drab coutilio stays Do Irish point mid Eugenie collars Men's Molbouino riding vests Do nioiro antlquo and velvet do *, Do fancy cheek tweed trousers '. Goutlomcn's tweed riding coals Do fancy tweed trousers Men's groy twoed Jumpers Children's whlto and coloured lambswool hoods Men's lambswool shirts and pants. Ando variety of other goods well worth the alton tion of tho trade. Terms at Solo. PRELIMINARY ADVERTISEMEMT. Valuablo Building Sites In Richmond, ' Near tho Swan-strcot ond Crcmorno Stations Of tho Molbourno and Suburban Raliway. \ For Positivo Salo, by Order of tho Wortgogco. To Cripitollsts, Speculators, and OthcrB. FRASER and COHEN hnvo received instruc- tions to SELL by AUOTION, at their rdônu-, oi an early day, duo notice of which w ill bo given, 17 building allotments In Richmond, in closo proxl mity to tho Swan-slrcet and Cromorno Stations o tho Molbourno and Suburban Railway, und havlne frontages to Stephenson and Now streets, r For positivo Balo, by order of tho mortgagee Terms at Solo. ¡ FRIDAY, BEPTEMBER 28. Castor Oil, in Tins and Bottle Rape Oil, In Tins. Scotch, Danish, and Black Oats. Hops, Mauritius bugir. Convag, Gunny Bags, Calcutta Lines, &o.; To Mordíante, Grocers, Druggists and Oilmen, Store- keepers, and Others. , ERASER and COHEN havo roceived instruc- tions from tho hnportors to SELL hy AUCTION, ai tin Ir roon-B, Collins Btreet, on Friday, Septombei 28, at balf-paBt eleven o'clock, Ex sundry ships, l18 coses cantor oil, In tins 46 do do. In bottles ' 280doiapodo, In tins 2h0 bags Scotch oats 034 do Danish do 277 do black do 65 bales hops, various years ? 380 bagB Mauritius sugar 60 bales gunny bags 48 do canvas 87 do Calcutta Unes SO do oak um 26 gross Carrara water bottles. ' Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, BEPTEMBER 28. Tylor's Pateut Sodawater Machines, To Cordial Manufacturers and Others. FRASER and COHEN havo received instnto lions to SELL by AUOTION, at thoir room' Collir.s-slreet, on Friday, September 23, ot half-p i eleven o'clock, 2 Ty lot's potent sodawater machines. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, SEI'TESIBI'.U 28. Portion Cargo ox Bcvorloy. from Galoutta. - 1,000 Bags No. 1 CoBslporo Sugar, each lent. 810 Bales Sheepwash Tobacco, 3O01b, each. 00 líales Gunny Bogs. 20 Hhds. Rum. 100 Casoi Castor Oil, in tins. 0 Do. Do., in bottles. To Merchants, Grocors, Storekeeper», and Ollies. ERASER and COHEN havo received instruí lions from the Importers to SELL by AUCH o at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, Sopteni i. 28, at half-past eleven o'clock, Portion cargo ex Bovcrloy, lrom Calcutta, 1,000 bags No. 1 Cosslpuro sugar, each lent. 810 bnlcB sheepwash tobacco, aiMHb. each. 80 do small-sized gunny bags 80 do largo do 20 hhds. Boorgapororum, about 30 op. 100 cases castor oil, in tins 0 do do, in bottles. Terms at Solo. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. [0 Bales Woolpacks, all Faults, On Account of Whom it Moy Concern.' Til RASER and COHEN havo received insinie fi tlons from the Importers to SELL by AUC111> N ii their looms, Collins-street, on Friday, Eipteiube it-, at ho'f post e'cvcii o'clock, 0 bales woolpacks, all faults.| On account if «hum It may concern. Nn reserve. Terms-Cash. ¿ I FBIDAY^SEPIEHbEU 28. ' ** Choleo Proporty In tho Municipal Township of Vt,. "C1RASER and COhÉAvo received î".t '' J? tionB from the mortgageo to 8ELLhl arrA06, «the rooms, 14 Collins Btrootwest onvÄ tembor 28, at twolvo o'clock, * Ä"%> Sep. The following valuable properties in iimtT. ,. ^Maryborough, for positive andCrèsemd^ loti. Lot 2. All that piece or parcel of land in said colony con taining by admeasurement 80 percheH« ?h» .samo moro or loss, situate in the county 5?iïi hot aforciaid, parish of Maryborough L\L . ' lotment3of Section 27, K2' Ä?'", on the north-west by Barnard-sS Ä"1 north 42dcg. 10min., e¿t 1 etain on tbeÄ cast by Al otment 2 bearing south «dei tSïïfÎ" east 2 chains 25 links ¡ on tëo XÄ mont 14, bearing south 42deg. lOmln., "7,.°Y chain ; on the sou' h-woit by Allotment 4 be« nÏ north 47dojr, 60min" west 2 ohains 26 Unis, S Lot 8. All that piece or parcel of land in tho said colony containing by numeararament 88 porches, bs ",5 samo moro or esa, situate in tho county of Talc- ? aforesaid, parish of Maryborough, boiog ffi munt So Section 28, Maryborough bounucdoo tho,Äh wcíí ,b' rotoierston-stroct. Sur north 42dçg 10mln"eaatlobalnj onthonS east by Allotment 2. bearing Bouth 47deg. 66roT, east 2 Chans 26 links; on tho Bouth-OMtbv Allotment 14, bearing south 42dog. lOmin./wcst? chain ; and on the south-west by Allotment i. links " B' """k" W0St 2 ctau" » Lot 4. Allthatplccoorparcol of land in tho Bald colonv containing by admeasurement 30 perches, bo thó samo moro or leas, situato in the county of Talbot parish of Maryborough, being Allotment 13 of Sta- tion 27, Maryborough, bounded on tho north- west by Allotment 4, bearing north 42dcg. 10min. east 1 chain ; on tho north-east by Allotment 14 bearing south 47deg. 60mln., cast 2 chains 25 links; on tho south-oaBt by Olorendon-streot. bealing south 42dog. lOrain., wost 1 chain ; anil on tho couth-west by Allotmont 12, boarins north 47dcg. 60m!n,, west 2 chains 25 links. Tbo auctioneers would draw the cspocial aitonlioa ( Í lopllallhts, speculators, and othorB to theso really fiikt class properties, affording as they do an opportn. i Hy of lnvcBtmcut for capital in one of tbo most rising townships In tho colony. The properties aro unreserved, and for absoluto salo, by order of tho mortgagee. Titlo guaranteed. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. For furthor partiouhrs apply to Frasor and Coinn, or to Messrs. Klingender, Chartloy, and Llddlo, solici- tors^_ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER-^ ~~" At Twolvo o'clock. To Speculators, Capitalista, Guardians, and Others, DoBirablo Residence, No. 26 Stopbon-strcct. ERASER and COHEN have received instruc- tions to SELL by AUOTION, at tholr rooms, on Friday, Soptombor 28, at twolvo o'clock, All that píceo or parcol of land, situate in Stophcn strcot, Melbourno, near Flinders-lane,- com- mencing at a point 21ft 2JIn. north from Flinders. lano, and having a frontage to Stephen-street of 21ft. 2in., by a depth to a right-of-way in tho rear (10ft. wido) of 0011. Togothor with Tho mcssuDgo and buildings erected thereon, anil known as No. 25 Stopben-stroot. Tbo houso is two-storied, and built ol brick, and contains on tbo first-floor two parlours and passago, and on tho second-floor two rooms. There is also a dry cellar, divided into kitchen, storo-room, anil pantry. 1 hlB proporty is woll worthy tho attention of pirtla seeking a roaidonco for a small family. It is situated in ono of tho most healthy and respectable parts of the city. Titlo guaranteed. Terms, Llboral, Declared at Sale. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 45 Chests Congou Tea, Ex Blanuho, Algornon, and Alliance. 176 Half-chosts Congou Tea, Do. To Grocors, Tea Dealers, and Others, ERASER and COHEN have received instruc- tions from the Importers to SELL by AUOIION, nt their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, September 2f}, at half-past olovon o'clook, 45 chests congou toa 175half-chcstado. Ex Blanche, Algernon, and Alliance _Terras at Salo._ ' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. COO Boxes Orlando Jones's Starch. 300 Casks Schw oppo's Sodawater and Lemonade, To Grocore, Storokccpors, Wino and Spirit Merchant), and Othors, ERASER and COHEN have recoived instruc- tions from Messrs, A. Woolley, Nophow, and Co, to SELL by AUOIION, at their rooms. Collins-strict, on Friday, Soptomber 28, at half-past cloven o'clock, 500 boxes Orlando Jones's starch. Also, SOO casks of Schwoppo's eolobrated sodawater sal lemonade. _Torms at Balo_ TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2. St. Kilda, At Iho Residence of John Grlpo, Esq, Westbourne-torraco, Grey-stroet, St, Kilda, Draw ing, Dining, Bedroom, and othor Furniture tail Meets, made to order by Messrs, Emco and Mesa mhiwtr iT,iT AUOi Carrlago, Horse, Harnoss, Se. RASER and COHEN have roceived instruc tiona from John Orlpe, Esq. («hois leaving the j colony for England) to SELL by AUOTIOB, at his residence, WoBtbourno-torraco, St. Kilda, on Tuesday, October 2, at twolvo o'clock, The wholo of his furnituro and effects, com prising Elegant drawingroom suite (in walnut), consistas cf sottco, couches, chlflonnioro, chairs, ear/. chairs, tables, &c.; Fino-toned piano, in walnut, by Collard and Col- lard Pier glosa, vasOB, curtains, oraamonts, &c; Elegant dlningroom furnituro Mahogany chair«, sideboard, sofa 1'ookcaso, dining-toblo, pier-glass, pictures, cur- tains, &c.; And About 200 vols, booka. Bedrooms. Bress tubo bedstead, fitted with patont rboio clines ¿to., toilet tables, wnsbstands, lookiDg |!lauos, chests of drawers, Brussels and velvet pilo earptts Plato chest, consisting of forks, spoons, cruets, coll'co and tea sorvicos. Superior phaeton, adapted for ono or two horsci . A fine-conditioned horse, guaranteed perfectly quiet, and a very fast trotter A child's perambulator An ice-box, meat safes And tbo usual kitchen requisites. Catalogues can bo had at tho rooms of tho auc- tioneers. 3 ho auctioneers would particularly call tho atten- tion of gci'tlemon furnishing and others totbeaboto enlo of furnituro. Tho whole bao boen mado to order, and is almost now. Wo havo much plossure in ro- ce miiendiiiií tho wholo of this household furnituro ai,d effects to tho particular notice of intending pur- chasers. Furniture on view Saturday and Monday before. calo. Tho horse and carriage will bo sold at half-past ono o'clock. The Wholo will bo Bold Without Reserve """ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. " To Hollway and Mining Companies, Engineers, Contractors, and Othors, Ex Black Eaglo. Etenm-Englnes, Railway Chairs ; Bar, Rod, and Gal ^ anlxcd Iron ; Ploughs, Spring-Cart, MaBons' Tools, Fash Weights, &c.; "IP RASER and COHEN havo roceived instruo J> tlons from Mesare. H, W. Farrar and Geortc Erirtln, acting under a dooroo of tho Vice-Admiralty Court, to SELL by AUOTION, at tho Mart, Colllns ttrott, on Friday, October 6, at eleven o'clook prompt. On account of whom it may oonccrn, With all faults, 3 horizontal hlgh-prcssnro steam-engine», 7m. cj linders, 14in. stroko 1 dosteam-engine, lOin.do,20m,do 1 do do, 11 In. do, 20ln. do 1 do d >, lOin. do, SGln. do 1 horlnntal steam-engine, 81n. do, 12In. do 2 portable stoam-onglnoB, Illa, do, 20in. do 1 boiler, ltit by 6ft, with fittings About 40,000 railway ch»lrB Do 7fi0 bars anglo Iron, various sizes Bo 670 do i round Iron Do 2,600 sash- weights Z cases galvanized Iron Quantity of Bpoutlngand guttering, se. 2 Derrick cranes 1 nuncblng and shearing machine _ S cases caí t-tteol chlselB, dressing tools, hammer», and hammer han dios 1 caBo hammer-bandies 2 Iron ploughs I sprlngcart 4 sets haines, for dray harness. Terms at salo. N.B. Catalogues may bo had of the auctions« on »Edifier Saturday, the 20th Bertml»r.¿¡¡¡¿* rrllwny chairs, &c;, may bo Beon at 0. I* 1"TT°$, iii. Cole'« Wharf ; and tho Btiam-onglnes on appll <, "ion to Mr. 1 hoi. M'Pherson, Sponcer-rtreet, oppa tile tho Ballway Station._____ ~~ -" THIS DAY. To Dairymen, Farmers, Dealers, and Others._ PURCELL and KEIGHRAN have recesnf wear's Ilorso Markot, onThureday, September27, « tweho o'clock, II comb and calves y ot by a flrst-rato hull._ " " THIS DAY. Pure-bred Horeford Boll. . , T3URCELL and KEIGHRAN have «Mir* H Instructions from tbo proprietor to WUi JJ AjCTIO». at their yardB,Boar'iHor«oM»rl«it,oa îhursday. Soptomber 27, at twelvo oclocK, 1 pwo-brcd Hereford bull. very fino cow, good milker, perfectly quiet, V» Vi cairo in a few days. -nil JJ ti colon; 