POLICE COURT.—There was no case before the court on the 25th inst. DULL TRADE IN IRELAND.—The un- certainty of the harvest prospect in Ire- land is telling fearfully upon trade and commerce in every shape. In Dublin, business has been, and is at a complete standstill. Wholesale houses of the first eminence are idle, and the shopkeepers, great and small, are in a similar plight. A FREAK OF NATURE.—The Yass Courier says it is strange, but true, that a settler at Gundaroo has a mare, which had two foals this year. But what makes the thing more strange is that one of the foals is, we believe, twenty-seven days older than the other. PURE SHEEP TO QUEENSLAND — A valuable flock of merino rams has lately been shipped to Queensland from Sydney. They came originally from Germany, and a German shepherd accompanied them to their destination. They were 29 in num- ber, and the remainder, all of which were originally consigned to Sydney, are in- tended shortly for New England. Among this number is a specimen of the Danish breed, which is not unlike the Southdown, although the head is different and the car- case is larger. A BRIGHT LOVER.—A young man, becoming engaged recently, was desirous of presenting his intended with a ring, appropriately inscribed; but being at a loss what to have engraved on it, called upon his father for advice. " Well," said the old man "put on—When this you see remember me!" The young lady was much surprised, a few days later, at receiving a beautiful ring, with this in- scription : When this you see, remember father." A YANKEE OATH.—The following oath, an American paper tells us, was lately administered to a little boy ten years of age, in the Iowa legislature, chosen to do up documents :—" You do solemnly swear to support the constitution of the United States, and of this state, and to fold papers to the best of your ability, so help you God." THE HAY CROP.—The mowing of Barley for hay has already commenced at Trewalla in the neighbourhood of Portland. The crop is very heavy. Indeed this has been so fa- vourable a growing season, that all the crops 1 about here are most luxuriant. A few warm days, would render haying very general. THE SUEZ CANAL.—The works of the famous Suez canal are going on with prodigious rapidity; the native "navvies", stimulated by French example, prove efficient, and a place called Port Sahib, which a year ago was a bare desert, is now a town and will become a city before an- other year expires. SINGING AND DANCING.— A new feature has been introduced into the drill of the 1st Bewickshire Volunteer Rifles, viz, practice of vocal music by the com- pany while engaged in marching drill. A good many in the company possess musical abilities of no mean order, and the effect of exercising them on the march in singing such songs as "Cheer, boys, cheer," "What's a' the steer, kimmer," &c;, where voice and feet go together, has a re- markably fine effect. BUTCHERS' MEAT IN LONDON.—The price of Butchers' meat in London, July last, was as follows :—Sirloins of beef, 1s per lb.; legs of mutton, 10½d; necks of mutton, 9½d; rumpsteaks, 1s 4d; mutton chops, 1s 3d to 1s 4d ; veal and small pork, best joints, 9½s to 10½s per lb. A LADIES' CRICKET MATCH.—The county of Sussex has been famed for cricket during the last 50 years. An annual match between 11 single and 11 married ladies of Little Hampton was played July 9, which attracted a very large concourse of spectators. The mar- ried ladies were the victors. In 1859 the game was won by the spinsters. Possibly some of the latter have changed sides in the interim. THE DOMINICK DALY.—This brig, which lately brought a cargo of sugar here from the Mauritius, sailed hence on Wednesday last for Melbourne. THE NEXT CENSUS.—It is stated that the next census of the colony of Victoria will be taken upon the 7th April, 1861. That is the date fixed upon in the mother- country and British North America, and as the neighbouring colonies have agreed to co operate with us, the number of Her Majesty's subjects will upon that day be accurately determined. PROSPECTS OF IMPROVEMENT.—The following remarks we condense from the : Geelong Advertiser:—A few weeks ago a very general opinion prevailed that an im- provement in business affairs were about to take place, but this has given way to a feeling of disappointment—the change, if any, having been of an opposite character to that which was anticipated. It may be that the wish was father to the thought, and, on the other hand, it may be that the opinion was firmly based, that its verifica- tion is a mere question at time—of weeks or days. It may also be that the improve- ment has been looked for in the wrong quarter, and that it will manifest itself in a more satisfactory way than mere stimu- lation in the buying and selling of imported goods.The improvement which we anti- cipate is rather in the value of colonial properties than in the prices of imported merchandise. This will be brought about by an increased in flux of immigrants, and by the bringing into circulation of a great amount of savings which had been laid up in expectation of the new land act afford- ing facilities for occupation and investment. There is likely to be a much greater influx of immigrants, during the next six months than there has been during the last twelve. This will be due not so much to any revi- val of prosperity here, although that is almost certain, as to the increased pressure which the adverse season and consequent high prices of the necessaries of life will produce at home. COAL.—We understand on good author- ity that the indication of coal about Col- eraine, as reported in this journal some time ago, are such as to warrant the ex- pectation of the discovery of an extensive and paying coal field in that quarter. VIOLENT DEATH.—A person named Henry Taylor, says our Geelong contem- porary, a contractor residing in Colling- wood, met his death on Thursday, under the following circumstances. He was walking out, accompanied by a dog, when it set upon another of its species, owned by Mri. Binge, chemist of Brunswick-street, who was riding by on horseback at the time. Whilst the dogs were fighting, Mr. Binge, for some reason, struck Mr.. Taylor's dog with a riding whip he had in his hand, which annoying Mr. Taylor, he seized the reins of the horse and was in the eat of manking an attempt of some kind upon Mr. Binge, when the animal reared, plunged forward, and struck Mr. Taylor violently on the chest, throwing him to the ground with such violence that he soon died. An inquest was held yes- terday. ACCIDENT TO A HORSE.—This morning a horse, with a four wheeled trap, belonging to Mr. Evens, contractor for the tramroad, sud- denly bolted from the upper part of Percy- street, running along towards the Tasmanian Inn, when in turning the corner to go in at the gate, the horse dashed its head up against the post, fracturing its skull. The trap also was broken. The horse is so much injured that it doubtful whether it will recover. EXPENCES OF EXPLORATION IN S. AUS- TRALIA.— A return of the cost of the four ex- ploratory expeditions organised by the South Australian Government, of which, it will be observed, that neither of Mr. Stuart's was one, has been laid on the table of the House of Assembly in Adelaide, and is thus noticed in the South Australian Register of Monday last, the 15th inst.:—"We have before us the re- turn laid before the House of Assembly of the four exploraty expeditions organised by the Government, commencing with Mr. Hack's. The return shows the cost of each expedition ; the number of square miles of country since leased, or under claim for lease, in the coun- try explored; and the distance reached by each north of the latitude of Adelaide. The particulars are as follows:—Hack's expediton cost £1981 16s. 5d , the number of square miles of country taken up in consequence was 312, and the distance reached north of the latitude of Adelaide was 225 miles. Preserving the same order in the items. the others stand as follows:— Babbage's cost £4681 5s., 900 square miles, 402 miles north. Warburton's cost about £250 18s 5d., 2287 square miles (including the 900 in Mr. Babbage's country), 450 miles north. Parry's cost about £120, 1586 square miles, .415 miles north. The actual distance travelled in each case is not known.From these returns it appears that the country taken up which was discovered by Hack cost at the rate of £6 7s per square mile ; that discovered by Mr Babbage £5 4s. per square mile; that by Major Warburton (after deducting Mr. Babbage's 900) 3s. 8d. per square mile; and that by Mr. Parry 1s. 7d. per square mile." THE A. O. FORESTERS.—It will be seen by advertisement, that the Anniversary dinner of this Order, Court of Prosperity, is to be held on Friday, 2nd November, at the Tasmanian lnn. 