\- ABSTRACT OP SALES BY AUCTION * THIS DAY. 3Ir, ZormAB.-At tho promises, Cardigan-street, Carl- ton-Household furniture and effects Messrs. M'Oaw and Anotiikr -At Miller Brothers* yards, Russell street-Stock of English and Ame- rican carriages. \- Mr. WttiiiÀM Perry.-At his rooms, Collins street f Wines, spirits, Californian and colonial oats, I'atna ß rice, grocerios, oilmen's stores, &c.; * "Mr W. 8. Ftfe -At Henderson and Co 's Bazaar *. Fat and store pigs. v< UU 3J0ESTS. J. Lyons and Co-At their rooms, Bourke u J 1 i street- Unredeemed pledges. <3Icssn. Fraser and Cohen.-At their rooms, Collins street wost-Properties nt Maryborough, resi- dence in Stephen streot, congou toa, starch, castor oil, rape oil, Scotch and othor oats, hops, Mauri i tius sugar, canvas, gunny bags, Calcutta lines, woolpacks, Cosslporo Bugar, sheepwash tobacco, rum, sodawater machines, floor (damaged) && 11 Mr. I. Wade.-At his rooms, Collins streot-Panama hats, drapery goods, ribbons, silkB, muslin goods, _ millinery, underclothing, hosleiy, baberdashory, ,-, linen goods, slops, &:. Í ijMesßrs W. Eabey and Co.-At their rooms, Collins btreot-Boots and shoos, woolpacks, charcoal Iron, \- camp ovens, paperhangiegs, &c.; On Australian Wharf- Bluo Bangor slatos i _air. Awred Jqy.-At tho premisos, Kow-Pair horso ' I, omnibus and harness, Albert cars and harness, ; \ h \ horses, wator-cart and harness, &c.; j Messrs. Row, Kirk, and Co-At their salojards, Bonrke-street-Carriage and hackney horses Mr N. Kinsman.-At Stewart's buildings, Regent street, Fitzroy-Household furniture and effects. Messrs. 0. S. Robb and Co.-At tho Australian Wharf -PaliDgs, timber, posts and rails, battons, ox Picard, Mossra. Byan and Hammond-At Morton's Hotel, Bourke Btreot-Tho Doradora Station, with cattle. Ilecsrs. George Thomas and Co -At tho Australian Wharf-Timber and palings, also a portable office. -, On Queen's Wharf-Timber. , Mr James Prince.-At tho National Hotol, Fitzroy Farm at Mulgrave ISolea by Auction. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. At Elovon o'clock. j Three Coses Now Books To Booksellers, Gentlemen, and Others (f3.REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUO \jf TION, at their rooms, on Saturday, September 29, st eleven o'clock, Threo cases new books, comprising tho w orks of Byron, Shakspearo, Popo, Longfellon, Bulwer, Lever, Sir W.Scott, Dumas, Charlotte Bronto, Mrs. 8. C. Hall, Mrs. Gore, Mrs Trollope, Mrs. Sherwood, Ainsworth, Cuthbort Bodo, Mayhew, O Reade, Ay toun, Cressy, llazlitt, Carlyle, Washington Irving, Gorstaockor,. Leigh Hunt, N. P Willis, Christian Cabinets, and various popular authors Torms-cash. Observe-Saturday s Salo Eleven o'clock Catalogues are now ready, and may bo obtained at I the rooms of tho auctioneers. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. To Speculators, Country Storekeepers, and Small Capitalists. 20 Mount Hope (Gordon Diggings) Mining Company's I Shares <2narter-acro of Lind in Government Township, at Gordon Diggings. GREIG and MURRAY uro instructed to SÜLL ! by AUOTION, at their rooms, on Saturday, September 29, at twelve o'clock prccisoly, 20 Mount Hopo mining shares, £3 paid on each The attention of speculators is directed to tho fa- vourable prospects of this company, as published in the daily papers of the 27th inst, and also to tho fact that the recent call of £1 per share is paid on thoso shares One quarter-acre allotmont, in the Góternraont township at the Gordon Gold Cold, main Ballarat road, being Allotment 20 of Section 11 Tilla lot has two corners, vuth threo frontages, two and »half chains of which latter front Wallace street, after which tho township is named, and is ona -of tbo nearest lots to tho quartz reefs for which this Sold field is so celebrated It has also tho additional leootmnendotlon of being on tho adjoining block to that reserved by Government for public offices TI1030 parties who are unacquainted with Golden aio rofoirod to Bradshaw's Guido Plan of tho township at tho auctioneers', and at the ialo. Title, Crown grant to vendor No resorve. Terms-cash Note the Time-Twelve o clock Preo Isoly. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29 At Eleven o'clock. - For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 2 Oases of New Books To Booksellers, Stationers, and Others. REIG and MURRAY will SELL l>y AUC _ri' TION, at their rooms, on Saturday, September ¡Pat eleven o'clock, 2 cases new books, consisting of-Moss Sido, Voices of the Night, Mabel Vaughan, Russell's Europe, Lucky Penn), Nursery Bli}mes, Private Life of an Eastern King, Pastor's Fireside, Jasper Lisle, Prophet ot Caucasus, Boyal Princesses, Common Things, Euclid, Dlvorccdj Indian Mutiny, Tics of Kindred, SE g Objects for the Country, Wajsido Pictures, Buchanan's Researches, Sepoy Rc\olt, Coun- try Curate, Milton's Comus Sold for tho benefit of whom it may concern Torms-cash Observe -Satnrday's Bale at eleven o'clock. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. At Eleven o'clock. 2 Coses Writing Paper To Stationers, Dealers, and Others REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUO ^ TION, at their rooms, on Saturday, September I 1, at oloven o'clock, 1 1 case, containing 100 reams water-lined Ito. bank post 1 case, containing 100 roams cream wove Ito. copying do. Torms-Cash. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2. Preliminary Notice SSxtonsive Solo of Groceries, Provisions, Oilmcn'd Stores, Ac ¿To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Merohants, and Others g-\ REIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC VjT.TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 2, at twelve o'clock, - Grocorics Provisions Oilmen's atoros Wines and spirits, &c; Foil particulars prior to salo. Terms at Salo. MONDAY, OCTOBER 20. Sale by Publie Auction of tho Finest Farm in Victoria. Moonee Tonds. Salo el that truly Valuallo Form, Dwelllrghouso,. Gardens, and Out-buildings, known as La Rose Estate, Containing 270a. 2r 37p. By order of John Goodman, Esq , Officiai Asslgnco in tho Estato of Collier Robertson. So Farmors, Capitalists, Speculators, and the Gentry of Victoria. 4LFRED BLISS has been favoured with in- structions from John Goodman, Esq , Official, ?nee in the estato of Collier Robertson, to SELL oy PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho farm known ns La Bose, situate off Essondan, at tho Moonco Ponds,'on Monday, October 50, at ono o'clock, . . AU that piece or parcel of land, being Portion 141, parish of Jika Jika, containing by admeasurement. 276a. 2r. 87p. Together with, Tho Btono dwellinghouso, stabling, and out-build- ings erected thereon, and known as La Roso Estate, consisting of a. r. p. Xwgo cultivation paddock.227 8 82 Paddock, including vinoyard .. .. 8 10 Garden attached to house. 0 l o Homestead and stockyards. 0 2 87 Grass land alone: bank of ponds .. .. S3 1 0 Grass paddock at north-east angle of estate 0 18 270 2 87 The Largo Cultivation Paddock, consisting of 227a. Sr. 32p, is now bearing a most luxuriant crop, and is well worth the Inspection of intending purchasers. The Dwellinghouso is very substantially built of stone, and Ib very well finished, and commands a most delightful view of Molbourno, the Bay, and shipping, besides overlook- ing tho valley of the Moonco Ponds, with its EngllBh liko homesteads. The Stable contains 12 Btalls, and Is exceedingly woll oroctod in stone, with harness- room and good roomy lofts, and stockyards in the rear. Tho Gordon, consisting of a quarter of an acre, comprises ovory de- scription of plant and fragrant flower-indeed con- tains all that con be dcBlrcd. Paddock, including Vinoyard, consisting of Sa. lr, two to three acres of which are well stocked with choice vines, orango, pear, and apple trees, ¿se. Gross Land along the Ponéis »onsists of 83a lr, and the Grass Paddock, at the north-east angle of tho estate, consists of Sa. lr. 8p. This estate altogether forms, without exception, tho ' most magnificent property for farming anti rcsidont .purposes near Molbourno, being only about five mile J from tho Post-office. It is v, eil watored bj the Moonoo Ponds, besides which thoro is a very extensivo and -well-built reservoir at the back of tho dwellinghouso. which holds Bufllclent water for supply of homestead throughout the 3 ear. The auctioneer ia well aworo that this property is ?well and favourably known, but to thosowho havo 1 ot seen it he strone ly urges an Inspection. Apian of the estato Ib on viow at tho offices of the auctioneer, 16 Collins- street west, Melbourne, whero lards to view and all Information can be obtained The title Ib guaranteed. The terms will be declared at solo. N.B. The salo takes place on the ground, on Mon- ti By, October 20, at ono o'clock. THIS DAY. \1o Families Furnishing. Cardigan-stroet, Carlton. ME. ZOHEAB has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, without reserve, the property of a family leaving tbo rolony, at their resi- dence, l18 Cardigan street, Carlton, on Fridiy, Sep- tember 28, at ono o'clock. AU the modern and nearlynow household furni- ture, comprising-Excellent mahogany couch. lounging and other chairs to match in lialr «eatlng, superior mahogany escritoire, cblffon ' olere, drawers, and dining table, handsome plated tea and coffee services, and other ar > tides, double iron bedsteads, bair mattresses, blankets and bedding, china, dlnnor and tea, services, mirror, cut-glass decanters, &o;, dressing-tables, washstand, cooking utensils, pictures, cutlery. spoonB, carpets, rugs, &o.; 1 No Reservo. J THIS DAY. Annual Clearance Cairiago Sale, Of English and American CarriJgos. EBSRS. M'CAW and ANOTHER have re eclved instructions from the Messrs. Miller ¡roTEers to hold a grand CLEARING SALE of Eng- lish and American CARRIAGES &c;, at their esta- blishment, 121 Russell-stroet, Mclbourno, on Friday, September 28, at ono o'clock sharp, - - When tbo whole of their valuablo Btock wiU,bo told, comprising tho following vehicles : 1 splendid rockaway, to carry six, drab lining, lamps, &o;, completo 1 turn over elido scat buggy, drab lining 1 top buggy, green lining, silver-mounted 1 do do, drab lining, do, suporlor bnlld 1 do do, do, extra finish 1 suporlor carryall, drab lining, silver-mounted 1 no-top buggy, cut under body, do » 1 no-top carrj all, silvor-mountod ' 8 superior Boston chaises, extra finish - 1 express waggon, very strong ' 1 do, on leather braces 1 dogcart, superior build - 1 secondhand carryall, very little used 1 do, do - 1 tilbury, do 1 family car, secondhand, very good 1 Albert pony phaeton, lined bluo and white, lamps, completo 1 do do, do green and whito _ 1 superior Whitechapel cart, extra finish, cushions, &c.; 1 do, for business or pleasure , ? 1 do, do -^ 1 wholesale grocers' cart, cross-springs, &o;, 1 ironmongers' cart, very Btrong 1 grocers' van, superior build 1 brewers' cart 1 spring carts, suitable for butchers or market gardeners, &o.; 1 Albert car, oxtra finish, patent top. Aleo, Secondhand phaetons, spring-carts, harness, &c.; _Terms at Bale_ FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5 Important Sale of Pure Merino Rams. M'OAW and ANOTHER have been fn » vourod with InBtruotious to SELL by AUO _», at tho Boyal Horso Bazaar, on Friday, Octobor 6, at twelvo o'clock, - 7 pure merino rams, bred by Baron von Luttiwltz, of Bimmenau, in Silesia, who obtained tho first-class gold medal at tho Exhibition in London in 1851 for tho finost and l&rgoat; fleece of wool. _Imported direct from Hamburg._ PRELIMINARY NOTICE of SALE. To Master Mariners, Railway Contractors, Navvies, and Othors. Extension of Williamstown, Botween tho Great Junction Terminus and tho Town and Bay. MR. STUBBS is instructed by tho proprie- tor to bring tho valuablo semi-suburban and semi-town property to PUBLIC COMPETITION, on tho ground, on Thursday, Octobor 1, at twelve o'clock precisely, Ab per plan to bo inspected at the mart; 1st Tho sizes of tho lots vary from 00 x 195, more or less, leaving every purchaser free as to tho extent ho might wish to go. 2nd. Tho land is fit for immediate occupation, and divested of underwood, decidedly improving tho pro- perty by a dolightful opening viow of tho Bay. \j 3rd. It Is not moro than a fow minutes' walk from the railway station or steamer. The train passes over? lour, Note.-Tho man of business has everything he can wish for in tho enjoyment of his villa cottage and grounds, without any hlndranco to his daily affairs, for it Is well know n that men lit ing out of ton n aro moro punctual by au hour or two than thoso living in. Their sleep is bw cot, and men riso lusty and strong, with a cool heal and Bteady hand, lhcn, as to Locality. The town and harbour Is on tho left, and tho junction tenrinus on tho right, equl distant from both ; In tho rear, Williamstovt n properties, tho town itself being so subdivided by well-established streets of intercourse that every destablo communication Is most provi- dently taken caro of. Terms-26 per cent, and tho rosiduo at threo, ti\, nine, and twelve months', beorlng 10 per cent, per annum, MONDAY, OOCOBER 1. East House, With Immediate Possession. Adjoining tho Residonco of- Huckson, Esq., East Melbourne MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor to BELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at tho rooms, Queen streot, on Monday, October 1, at half past twelvo o'clock precisely, Tho above cligiblo property Note -Tho houso contains seven rooms, two stories high, is well and substantially built, and tho bricks and all the materials used being of tho t cry best de- scription, tho front stuccoed with Portland «mont. On tho ground-floor there is ii ont room-12xl2, beck room 12 x 10, outrance hall, and passago, 5ft. and 3ft. Sin. wido. On tho upper floor thero is largo drawingroom 10ft. 6in. x 12ft. Oin., and two bedrooms, Fcrvants'-room, ot er tho kitchen about loft, long, approached by se- parate? stall ci'o, and communicating with tho upper bedrooms The j ard is partly paved with bricks, largo fowlhouse and othor outbuildings. Tho front garden is woll stocked with choice plants, and enclccd with a neat fence, and thero is a right of way 0ft. Oin \tido, lending into Powlett- stroet, running tho wholo length of tho premises, 182ft Tho street is motalled, and has boon recently kerbed and channelled, and lighted with gas. Thero is a beautiful view from tbo drawingroom windows of tho Studley Park Besen o and Dandenong Ranges. Tho houso is in good repair, being nearly new, and in fact it poEsossos everj thing which tends to make a residence comfortable, and combined with respect- ability and com omenco. Cards to view may bo had by applying at tho rooms, I Queen streot. I Terms-Half cash, and tho rosiduo at threo, Rix, and nino months'. Titlo guorantced. i Locality-Powlott-stroot, near tho residonco of tho Lord Bishop of Melbourne. _ _______ " TUESDAY," OÖTOBER-2. To Indu6trlous Clerks, Mechanics, and Immigrants Lately Arrived. , Barkly Cottage Opposito Barkly-squaro, Richmond, Near tho Church street Railway Station. R. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION, on tho premises, Lcsnoy-street, on Tues» ayfOctober 2, at one o'clock prccifol}, ' All that valuablo freehold Richmond property and premises known ns Barkly Cottago, comprising parlour, lu o bedrooms, and kitchen (fitted with good cooking rango) : altogether a very snug lutlo neat placo, just suited to a man with a small family. No outlay required but tho purchase, tho ieBt all ready. <. Terms-Half Cash ; tho residuo at four months FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. Tho well-known Crack Sailing Yacht, - . PADDY FROM CORK. ?- , Just In timo for tho forthcoming Geelong Regatta, To Gentlemen of Independence íosldlng ot Brighton, St. Kilda, and other Picturosquo Watorlng-placo?. ME. STUBBS is instructed by the winners andownointo SELL by PUBLIC AUOTION. un tuo Government Pier at Sandridge, on Frid.iv, October 6, at one o'clock p.m. precisely, The above-mentioned beautiful Boiling yacht, PADDY FROM CORK. Noto.-She is 9 85-04 tone, copporcd and coppar fastencd, and well found. All bet uppor and ground tier tackle Is in first-rato condition, and nil her stand- ing and running rigging als?. Sho has two maiiuall», two foret alls, tquare Bail, two balloons, three worung- alla ono storm Jibs; also, ono balloon topsail mid four working ditto, Marryat's Code of Signals, and 4 to 6 tons lead ballast. . ~ - Tho invontory will bo produced at tho salo. Terms at solo. . I Refreshments, &o;, on board._ I T TUESDAY, 0010BER 0. ; * ' Preliminary Notice. Near tho Post-ofllco, Little Bourko-streot, opposite lUo handsomo rango of buildings of M. Ljnch, Esq., J.P., and adjoining tho property of tho Hon. II. Millor and other wealthy proprietors. To Capitalist S and Others, ME. STUBBS baa been favoured with instruc- tions from Andrew Macarthur, Esq., rtpont and attorney for tho proprietor, to SELL hy PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho ground, on Tuesday, Octnbsr », at twelve o'clock precisely, All thoso eligible control city premises, HUlo Bourke-strcet, now in the occupation of Mr, Hutchinson at'£100 per annum, with n largo area Of mercantile \»arohouso building land. Im- mediately bebind tho Herald office and tho cxtcn Blve establishment of Messrs. Buckley aud .Nunn. Further pnniculais lu a futuro advertisement. ^_Terms at Sale. * ? " TUESDAY, OOTOBER 0. j"! To Nowly-arrtvcd Immigrants, Retiring TradOäiucn, and Others. * ¡ A Compact, Snug 80-aoro Freohcld. ' With Immediate Possession. > ME. STUBBS will PUT UP to PUBtilO AUOTION, by order of the ngont of tho pro >r, at tho auotion-roomi", Queen- street, on Tues- day, October 0, at twelvo o'clock prcoisoly, , All that ploco or parcel of land, Section TSo) 143, situate In tho parish of Boroondara, neljoining the beautiful estato of Mr. Humano. 1st Situation, about three milos from Toorak. ' 2nd. Near the residence of Mr. Councillor M'Grath. 3rd. The whole fenced in and subdivided into.pad docks. 4th. The residence, with four rooms, neatly paintod and papered, and fit for the reception of a respect- able family. 6th. 80 acres under plough. 6th. 60 acres in grass and other paddocks. 7th. Title guaranteed. Terms—Third cash ; the residue at three and six months'. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17. To Marketgardeners, Newly-Arrived Immigrants, and Others. Wilton Grange, Elsternwick and Little Brighton. A very Valuable Villa Estate of 20 Acres, Fit for the Establishment of a Gentleman and Family. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the pro- perty, on Wednosday, October 17, at one o'clock pro A valuable villa or marketgarded estate of 20 acres, situate at the corner of the Elsternwick and Little Brighton boundary, opposite the resi- dence of Shepherd, Esq. The deeds of grant (two) of this complete pro- ductive property are in favour of tho present owner, and may be IiiBpectcd If necessary before the sale, so that on Intending buyer thoa nothing to do but to maUo up his miud to the propriety of tho purchase, and to go upon it nt once, having tho following easy cronnds to work upon immediately, viz. : 1\. It Is all foneeel ¡and enclosed. 2\. AH undor crop, and in cultivation. 8\. A nover.faUing spring of pollucld water. Terms at Salo, PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuablo Property In Brunswick-street, Collingwood. In the Estato of Edward Grimes, Esq., Deceased. By Order of the Executor, Charles H. Ebden, Esq. \- EATJOHAMP BEOTHEES are favoured with instructions to SUBMIT to PUBLIC PEHTIONron an early day, due notlco of which will bo given, All that valuablo property now occuplod by Mr. William M. Akhurst, having a frontage to Bruns- wick-street or 41ft. by a depth ol 182ft., with a right-of-way leading to tho Devonshire Arms Hotol, together with the buildings thereon. Terms, liberal, declared at salo. For further particulars apply to tho auctioneers. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuablo Building Land at Sondridge, Having frontages to Bay-street, Railway.-placo, Raglan and Nott streets. BEAUCHAMP BEOTHEES have instruction, to offer Tor BALE by PUBLIC AUCTION, on on early day, Several valuablo building allotmont, Borne in tho original Govornmont blocks and others subdivided, plans of which, with full information, may be ob- tained of tho auctioneers. Terms liberal. Titles, Crown Grants. _ SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. Housohold Furnlturo, So. _ No 1 Turner's-cottages, Gardiner's Crook-road, Near tho Suburban Railway Hotel. EATJCHAMP BEOTHEES have'" received instructions from the proprietor, who is leaving _or the country, to SELL by AUCTION, at tho above address, on Saturday, September 20, at ono o'clock, The whole of his household furniture, &o.;, consist- ing of parlour, bedroom, and kitchen furnl- turo; carpetB, hoir-seatod chairs, sofa and easy chairs, chiffonnière, pier glasses, loo and other tables, iron bedsteads, hair and other mattresses, chests of drawers, wa shs tanda, toUot- tablcs, looking-glasses, plated goods, A lot of poultry. And A quantity of sundries. Without reserve. Catalogues to be had at tho rooms of the auc- tioneers. PRELIMINARY NOTICE. ~~ Valuable Household Furniture. St. Kilda, Superb Suite of Elaborately-carved Indian Ebony Drawlngroom Furniture. Elegant Berlin Wool Work Chairs. China, Glass, &o.; To Parties Furnishing, Furnlturo Brokors, and Others. ILLIAM PEEEY (late Symons and Perry) havo receivod histructions to SELL by AUC- TION, on tho premises, corner of Waterloo-street and Brighton road. St Kilda, on an early day, duo notloo of which will be given, The whole of tho valuablo household furnlturo, com. priBing Superb suito of olaborately-carvcd Indian ebony drawlngroom furniture 3 very beautiful Buthorland and Prie lieu chairs, in Berlin wool work . DIning-tablo with four leavoi, and hall tablo, by Thwaites Couches, chairs, dinner-waggon, bookcase, &e.; China, Dresden and Bohemian ornaments Plated ware Fonder and firelrons, kitchen utensils. And a great variety of sundries, full particulars ot which will appoor in futuro advertisements. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Wlno and Spirit Merchants, PubUcaus, and Others. WILLIAM PEEEY (late SymonB and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, CbUiris ttrcet, on Friday, Soptombor28, nttwolvo o'clotk, 200 cascB cbampagno 100 do Central Vinoyard brandy 100 do sherry. Terms at Solo. THIS DAY. To Country Storekeopors, Dealers, and Others 40 Tons Potna Rice, 1 owt, bags. WILLIAM PEEEY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Colllns streot, on Friday, September 28, at twolvo o'clock) 400 bogs Fatna rico, 1 cwt. each. - Terms, Liberal, declared at Sale, THIS DAY. To Oom Dealers, Livery stablo Keopors, and Others, 8,000 Bushels Californian Oats. 4,000 Do Colonial Do j WILLIAM PEEEY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUOTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, September 28, at twolvo o'clock, I 8,000 bushels Californian oots 4,000 do colonial do I Torms at Solo. THIS DAY. Important and Extensive Solo of Goncral Merchandise. To tho Trade of Molbourne, Geelong, Sandhurst, I Castlemaine, Beechworth, Ballarat, ¿to. Ex Lato Arrivals. TJfTILLIAM PEEEY (late Symons and Perry) I f y has recolved instructions from tho imnortors to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins-atroot, on Friday, Soptomber 28, at twelve o'clook, Xho following choice assortmont of merchandise, comprising- ' Groceries and Oilmen's Stores. 860 cases Batgor's jamB, lib. ja's 200 do do, lib tins 200 do do, 21b Jars 200 do do, 21b. this 10 do candled peel 860 do Feast's bottled fruits, assorted ' 170 do do gooseberries 160 do do cherries i 80 do do black currants £0 boxes Capo raisins ' 100 chests Bago 100 casos sardines, quarters 300 do Feast's pint picklos, assorted 60 do do walnuts 100 do do onions 60 quarter casks Champion's vinegar, No, 24 100 do do, No l8. 40 cases arrowroot 26 barrels tapioca > 10 jars ginger , 80 cases Orlando Jones's ¡starch 1 case nutmegs. Wines, &o.; . 30 hhds. Hunt'B port, four diamond i _ 40 quarter-casks do do, do 80 hhds. Oosons's sherry 20 do Duff Gordon's do 600 cases imperial sherry, No. 1 600 do do, No 2 lOOdopoit, No 1 100 do do, No. 2 200 do superior Modolra 100 do claret, 8t. Estephe G4 do do, St. Julion 86 do do, Pouillae 180 do Burgundy . 86 do steinwino ' 160 do sparkling mosello 120 do do hock - 07 do do muscatel. , , < Torms, liberal, declared at salo. Tho attendance of the trado is particularly roquosted j f to the above, as it will afford them an opportunity of j THIS DAY. To Brewers, Storekeepers, Dosiers, and Others. Hops. Hops. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Friday, Scptombor 28, at twolvo o'olock, 26 pockets hops _Terms at Salo. _ MONDAY, OCTOBER 1. To tho Boot and Shoo Trade, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. 85 Trunks Boots and Shoes. From tho Celebrated Maker, Thomas Benson Elie). At the Expense and RUk of Messrs. J, Hoymenson and Co. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELLlby AUCTION, at his rooms, Colll/ts ttrcot, on Moudiy, October 1, at twelvo o'clock, 36 trunks first-class boots and shoos, consisting of Men's stout bluchers, tipnod and branded, No. 1 Do do, do, No. 2 - Do bluehors, copper Bpriggcd, No. 1 Do do, do, No. 2 Do do, do, No. 3 Do ca'f wellingtons, copper sprigged, No. 1 Do do, do, No. 2 Do clump wellingtons, No. 2 ' Do short wellingtons, coppor sprigged, No. 1 ' Dodo,do, No. 2 _ Do Bhort wellingtons, clumped. No. 2 YouthB* laco boots, tipped and braddod, No. 1 Do do, braddod, No. 1 Womon's cloth boots, lace, patont goloshod, No. 2 Do do, do, olastio Bide, No. 2 Do do, do, Ko. 3 Do cordovan boots, oyclets, No, 1 Girls' do, do, No. 1, 10-13 Do do, do, No. 1,0-9, &o.; _ Torms, Liberal, Declared at Solo. MONDAY, OCTOBER 8. Crcmorno-strcot, Richmond. To Small Capitalists and the Working Classes. Absoluto Bale of Allotments of Land and Four CottagOJ. By Order of tho Mortgagee Excellent Opportunity for Securing n Small Frooholl In this Improving District, ^~i WALSTAB has received instructions to \JC» SELL by AUCTION, on tho ground, on Mon- day, October 8, a* four o'clock in tho afternoon, bevon allotments of land, with 20ft. frontago t> each, ' And > One allotmont of l8 feet, upon which aro erected Four Cottages. This property is situated in one of tho host Btreots in Richmond, within two minutes' walk of tho Swan street Station, on the Suburban Railway, and within a few hundred yards of the Richmond Paddock, thi Greyhound Hotel being at tbo corner of tho street. The situation, whether for tho erection of smi'i privato dwellings or for places of business, is second to none in this district. Tho cottages, which aro now let at 6a per wee'-< each, would, if some few pounds were laid out upi them, let at 7s, thus producing on lncomo of £67 10 > pi r annum. The auctioneor callB tho attention of Bmall capltillit i ni d the working class to this absoluto salo, as afford- ing them au opportunity of laying out their money a", toed interest, and of securing a freehold upon whlc'i to erect their cottagos r - TormB of payment will be very liberal, running over period of 12 months < Further particulars to ho hod at tho auctioneer'* < trices, 86 Collins-street west._ THIS DAY. To Batchers and Others. FYFE will SELL by AUCTION, at Henderson and Oo.'s Bazaar, Bourke-Btreot, _"i Soptomber 28, Severa lots of fat and store pigs. I cn Friday, THIS DAY. Pawnbroker's Sale of Unredeemed Pledges. J LYONS and Co. will SBLL by AUCTION, a at their mart, Bourke-streot, on Friday, Sep- tember 28, at oltven o'clock, Tho follow lug unredeemed pledges, by ordor of Mr. M. Davis, lioensed pawnbroker, 81 Swanston street, viz, .- * T A largo quantity of gold and silver watches, very haudsomo set of diamonds, earrings and broocbe», diamond rlngB and pins, colonial gold brooches and rings ladies' and goiilloniou's gold chains and alberts, quantity of silvor guards, tiunk of gentlemen's E S boots, trunk of ladies' boots, Deano and Adams's revolvers, doublo and singlo barrel guns, musical boxes, &c; Also, Choice assorted library of books, a largo quantity of wearing apparel, two bales groy blankets, Ac Torms-Cash. THIS DAY Pawnbroker's Bale of Unredeemed Pledges J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their mart, Bourke street, on -Friday, Soptembor 28, at eleven o'clock, Tho following unredeemed plodges, by order of Joseph Davis, late Morris Salok, 100 King street -Gold and silver watches, diamond rings, silvor spoons, clothing, and a certificate of brandy, furniture, Ac MONDAY and TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1 and 2 Two Days'Salo of tho Wholo of tho Stock in Trade of Mr John Junipor, In Conscquonco of his Retiring from the Business. To Builders, Contractors, Ironmongers, and Othors. J LYONS and Co will SELL by AUCTION, a ou the premises, corner of Victoria parado and Brunswick streot, on Monday and Tuesday, Oc- tober 1 and 2, commencing each day at cloven o clock precisely, - Tho wholo of Mr. Juniper s valuablo stock in trade of ironmongery, shop fixtures, &o; Full particulars of which will bo given in a cata- logue no» in course of preparation, and which may bo had at tho rooniB of tho auctioneers previously to salo. Terms-cash - Tho premíeos to lot_ PRELIMINARY ADVERTISEMEMT. Valuable Building Sites In Richmond, Near tbo-Swan street and Cremorne Stations Of tho Melbourne and Suburban Railway For Positivo Sale, by Order of tho Mortgagee To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others FRASER and COHEN have rocen ed instruc- tions to SELL by AUCTION, at tholr rooms, ou an early ilaj, duo notico of which w ill be gh en, 17 building allotments in Richmond, in closo proxi- mity to tbo Swan streot and Cremorne Stations of tho Mclbourno and Suburban Rall» ay, und having frontages to Stephenson and Now streets Tor positivo salo, by order of tho niortgageo. Terras at Sale THIS DAY Ohoico Piosorty in tho Municipal Township of Mary- borough FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- tions from tho mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, Bl tbo rooms, 11 Collins streot west, on Friday, Sep- tember 28, at tw olvo o'clock, Tho following valuable properties, in the township of Mar} borough, for positho and unreserved salo, viz - Loti r > AU that pieco or parcel of land situate in tho county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, and colony of Mctorla, being part of Allotment 2 oí Section 11, township of Maryborough, bounded on the north by a line commencing at tho south cast corner of Allotment 1, boing the boundary of Allotments! und 2, from thenco bj a Uno bearing; south 17deg SOmin , east 1051t , from thenco by a lino bearing south 12deg 10min , west 16ft, being tho boundary to High street, from thonco by a hue bearing north 17dcg 60min , west 21ft , from thenco by a uno bearing 12deg lOniin , 4ft , from thence by a Uno bearing north 17deg 60mln , west 1 lift , from thonce by a lino bearing north 12dog lOmin , cast 12ft, boing tho boundary to Clarendon ft root, and on which is erected That woll known bowling saloon and bar adjoining tho Talbot Ht toi Lot 2 All tint piece or parcel of land in Bald colony, con tain!) t, by admeasurement 80 percho*, bo tho samo moro or loss, situate lo the cmmU of Tal- bot aforotald, parish of Maryborough, being Al- lotment 8 of Section 27, Mar] borough, bounded on tile north v> est by Barnard streot, bearing nortli 12dcg lOmin , east 1 chain, on tho north cast hy Allotment 2, bearing south 17dcg 60raln, cast 2 chains 26 links, on tho south cast by Allot- ment 11, bcarincr soulh 12dcg lOmin , west 1 chain, on the sou h west by Allotment 4, bearing north 47dcg, 60min , wost 2 chains 2o Units Lot 3 All flat píceo or parcel of 'and in tho sold colony, containing by ndincuurcuiuit 36 perches bo tho same u oro or lesi, situate In the county of Talbot aforesaid, parish cf Maryborough, being Allot- ment 3 of Section 28, Maryborough bout tied on tho north wcBt by Palmerston street, bearing north 12dcg lOmin , east 1 chain , on the north east 1 y Allotment 2, bearing south ITdCL. SOmln , cast 2 chains 25 links , on tho sr nth ci t by Allotment 11, boariug south 12dcg lOmin , weat 1 chain, and on tho south west by Allotmont 4, beating north !7deg 5"ti in, west 2 chains 25 Hillls Loti AU thrt pieco or parcel of land in tho sail colinj, containing by admeasurement 30 porche!,, bo tho samo moio or les«, situato In tho count} of lnlbot, poriih of Marjboiouth, being Allotment l8 of Sec- tion 27, Mnryborou0h, bounded on tho north- west bj Allotment 4, bearing north 12deg lOmin , east 1 chain , on tho north cast by Allotment li, bearing eoutli 47deg CO nin , oni-t 2 elmina 25 links, on tho south east by Clarendon streot, boaiuiL, south 42dag lOraln , wost 11 hain , and on tho south wont by Allotment 12, bearing north 17dc" COniln , wost 2 chains 26 links Tho auctioneers would draw tho ospcchl attoution of capitalist«, speculators, and othors to theso reilly first class properties, affording as thoy do an opportu- nity of imcBtmcnt for capital in ona of tho most rising townthlps in tho colon} Tbo propertlLi aro unreserved, and for absoluto salo, bj order of tho mortgagee Titlo guaranteed Torms, Liberal Declared at Sale For further particulars apply to 1 raser and Olbin, or to Messt s K ingender, Charslo}, and Liddle, solici- tors / THIS DAY ' AtTwoho o clock To Speculators, Capitalists, Guardians, and Others. Desirable ltcsidenco l>o 26 Stephen street "CREASER and COHEN Jinvo received mstruc X" lions to "ELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, ou Frida}, fccptombei 28, at tweh o o'clock, All that plcco or pal col of laud hltuato in Stephen street, Melbourne, near Flinders lnno com- mencing at a point 21ft 2Jln north from Flinders lano, and having a frontage to fatuj hen street ef 21ft 2ln , by a depth to a r!¡,kt of »nj in tho i tar (10ft wide)of00lt Together with Tho messuago and building a creeled ther on, and known as No 26 Stephen sli cot Tho homo Í3 two storiod, and built of brick, and contains on tiro first floor two parlours nnd passapo and on tho second flooi t io rtoms Thero ii al o a dry cellar, divided into kitchen, store room, and pantry Thlaproport} l8 woll worth} tho attention of partios seeking a resldcuco for n small family 11 is cltuatod in one of the most healthy and respcctnhlo parts ot the city. Tillo guaranteed lenas, Liberal, Declared at Salo THIS DAY. 45 Chests Congou Tea, E\ Blanche, Algernon, and Alliance. 176 Half chests Cougou Tea, Do. To Grocers, Tea Dealer«, and Others. E EASES and COHEN haï o rocon cd instruc- tions from tho importors to BFtL bj AUOriON, attboir rooms, Collins atrcot, on Trida}, September 28, at hair past eleven o'clock, 46 chests congou tea 176 hill chests do Ex Blanche, Alsrornon, and Alliance Terms at Bolo - - THIS DAY. Castor Oil, in Tins and Bottle Rapo OU, in Tins. , ~ Scotch, DanWi, and Black Oats. , Hops, Mauritius Sugar. Canva», Gunuj Bags, Cilcutta Lines, &o; To Merchants, Grocers, Druggists and Oilmen, Store Itoepors, and OlhtrJ. EBASEE und COHEN lmvo received instruc tiona from the importers to SELL bj AUCTION, at their roon », Collins street, on Friday, Septombor 28, at half past devon o'clock, Ex sundry ships, 113 casos castor oil, in tins ' 46 do do. in bottles _ 230 do rnpo do, in tins 280 boga Kcotch olia < 634 do Danish do , 277 do black do 06 bales hups, various years 380 bu(,s Mauritius sugar 60 bales gunny bags 48 do canvas 87 do Calcutta lines 80 do cakum 26 groEs Carrara water hollies. Torms at Bala, THIS DAY Tjlor's Patent Sodowater Machines, lo Cordial Manufacturers and Others. _ E BASEE aud COHEN have received instruc- tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their room», Colline street, on Friday, Soptombor28, at half past eleven o'clock, 2 Tylor's patont sodowater machines. Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. 600 Boxes Orlando Jones's Starch. SOO Casks Schwoppe's Sodawater and Lomonado. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Wlno and Spirit Merchants, and Othors. E BASEE and COHEN have received instruc- tions from Messrs. A. Woolley, Nophow, and Co. to BELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins street, on Friday, Soptembor 28, at half-post eleven o'clock, 500 boxCB Orlando Jonos's Btarch. Also, 800 casks of Schwoppo's celebrated sodawator and lemonade Terms at Solo THIS DAY. 0 Bales Woolpacks, all Faults. On Account of Whom it May Concern. TUBASEE and COHEN havo received instruc- ts tions from the importers to BELL by AUCTION, ia thBir rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, Soptembtr 28, at half- post olevon o'clock, , 0 bales w oolpocks, aU faults.| On account cf vi lie m It may concern. No reservo. Terms-Catii. Vi THIS DAY. Portion Cargo ex Beverley, from Calcutta.! 1,000 Bags No. 1 Cosslporo Sugar, each lcwt. 810 Sales Shoopwash Tobacco, 8001b. each. GO Bales Gunny Bags. 20 Hhds. Rum. 100 Cases Castor Oil, in tlnBV , 9 Do. Do., In bottles. To Merchants, Grocors, Storekeepers, and Othora. E BASEE and COHEN havo received Snstruo tlons from the importers to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, Collins-atroet, on Friday, Septembor 28, at half-past elevon o'clock. Portion cargo ox Beverley, from Calcutta, 1,000 bags No. 1 Cosslporo sugar, each lcwt, 810 bolos shoopwash tobacco, 3001b. each. SO do small-sized gunny bags 30 do largo do 20 hhds. Boorgaporo rum, about 80 o.p. 100 casos castor oil, in tins 9 do do, in bottles. Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. . At the Risk of tho Forcnor Furcliosor. 64 Bags Flour, slightly domoged. 24 Do. Mauritius Sugar, do by solt-wator. EASBE and COHEN will SELL by AUO- TION, at tholr rooms, on Friday, September f, at half-past eleven o'clock, At tho risk of the former purcliasor, 64 bags flour, slightly damaged 24 do Mauritius sugar, do by salt-water. Terms-Cash. TUE8DAY, OCTOBER 2. 1,870 Casos Tobacco, assorted brands, 100 Quarter-barrols Driod Apples. Í0 Half ban ola Do. 80 Boxes Croam Tartar. 12 Cases Currants, 670 Do. Oysters. 60 Tons Shoopwash, r To Tobacco Merchants, Grocers, Storokoopers, and Others. - E BASEE and COHEN have received instruc- tions from the Importers to SELL hy AUOTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, October 2, at half-past eleven o'olook, The following assortment of now goods : 20 cases Yollow Bonk tobacco 100 throe-quarter boxes Lennox do 60 do Block Diamond do 266 do Wm. Grennon's do 28 do Braxton do 100 do Macklin do 240 do D. Ham's do 100 do Richard Iron's do 80 do Jordan and Morton's do 840 do Thomas and Oo.'s do. And 26 ion» Bhoopwash, in boxos, plug 26 do do loaf, in bowls. Also, 120 tins soda biscuits 100 quarter boxes dried apploa 60 half-boxes do 80 boxes croam tartar SOO casos 21b. oystors 200 do lib do 70 do lib. lobstors 12 do Zonto currants 36 do port wlno 80 do old tom 60 do Kinnahan's whUkey 20 caaliB Byoss's alo, quartB 10 do do, pints. The auctioneers havo much pleasure in colling the attention of tho trade to this splendid lot of now l oods, which will bo found on Inspection to be well worthy their attention. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, OOTOBER 2. St. Kilda At the Residence of John Gripe, Esq, Westbourno terrace, Grey-streot, St. Kilda. Drawing, Dining, Bedroom, and other Furnlturo and Effects, mado to ordor by Messrs. Bmco and Messrs. Cobbott, London. Also, _ Carriage, Horso, Harness, &c; fjlBASEB and COHEN have receivod instruc !? tiona from John Gripe, Esq (who is leaving the colony for England) to SELL by AUOllON, athis rcsldcnco, (Voetbounio-tcrraco, St. Kilda, on Tuesday, October 2, at twolvo o'clock. Tho wholo of his furnlturo and effects, com- prising Elegant drawlngroom suite (In walnut), consisting of settee, couche«, chiflbnnioro, chairs, easy chairs, tables, Ac. Fino toned piano, in walnut, by Collard and Col- lard Pier glass, vasos, curtains, ornamonts, &o.; Elegont diningroom furnlturo Mahogany chairs, Bldoboard, sofa Bookcaso, dlnlng-tablo, pier glass, pictures, cur- tains, Lo. And About 200 vols, books Bedrooms. Brass tube bedstead, fitted with patent rhoio clines ¿so, toilet tables, washBtandB, looking glassos, chests of drawors, BiussoIb and volvot pilo carpets Plato chest, consisting of forks, spoons, cruets, cólico and tea sorvices, Suporior phaeton, adapted for ono or two horses A fine-conditioned horso, guaranteed perfectly quiet, and a very fast trotter A child's perambulator An ice-box, meat safes And tho usual kitchen requisites. Catalogues can bo had at tho rooms of tho auc- tioneers. ' The auctioneers would pirticularly coU tho atten- tion of RO'Hlomen furnishing and others tothoabovo ralo of furnlturo. The whole has been modo to order, and is almost new. Wo havo much ploasuro in re- commending tho wholo of this household furniture and effects to tho particular notico of intondlng pur- chasers. Furnlturo on viow Saturday and Monday before sole. The horso and carrlago wlU be sold at half-post one o'clock. Tho Whola will be Sold Without Reserv o. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 8. To Ironmongers, Shlpcbandlors, and Othors, Oars. Picks and Handles, Pilot Duck. Shovels. Nails. Hatchots, ko. EEASEE and COHEN havo received instruc- tions from tho importers to SELL by AUOTION, at Uiclr rooms, 14 Collins street west, on Wcdnosdoy, Octoocr 8, at half past cloven o'clock, Tho following goods, juBt arrived : 260 dozon Mmmons's picks and handles 200 ash oars 27 dozen wood scoops 20 do square point D-H. shovels 7 do hatchets 100 kegs wrought nails 60 neals koolers CO bales pilot duck 130 boxes clothe» pins 20 do/en old colony L, H. Bhovels 20 do do D-H. do, 301n. 10 dido, 321o. The auctioneers con recommend tho abovo first-class parcel of goods to tho trado, bolng of .first rato quality, and in good condition. Terms at Sale. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. Ex Black Eagle. Etcam-EnginoB, Ruilway Chairs ; Bar, Rod, and Gal- vanized Iron ; Ploughs, Spring Cart, MaBons' Tools, BaBh Wolghts, &c.; FRASER and COHEN have received instruo tlouB from Messrs. H. W. Farrar and Goorgo Martin, acting undera docioo of tho Vice-Admiralty Court, to SELL by AUCTION, at tbo Mart, Collins street, oh Friday, Octobor 6, at cloven o'clock prdmpt, Ou account of whom it may concorn. With all faults, 8 horizontal high-presBuro stcam-on£Ínop, 7in. 0} linders, 14lu. stroko 1 do steam engine, lOln. do, 20in. do 1 do do, Hin. do, 20in. do 1 do do, lOin. do, SOin. do 1 horizontal steam-engine, Sin. do, 121n, do 2 portablo steam-ongihcB, Hin, do, 20in. do 1 boiler, 18ft by 5ft, with fittings About 40,000 railway chairs Do 760 bars anglo Iron, various sizes Do 670 do J round iron Do 2,600 iOkh-woights ? 2 cases galvanized Iron Quantity of spouting and guttering, &C.; 2 Dorrick cranes 1 punching and shearing machine 8 tases catt-Btccl chlsols, dressing tools, hammers, and hammer handles 1 case hammer-handles ' 2 Iron j loughs 1 tprlng-cart 1 sets barnes, for dray harness. Terms at Galo. N.B. Catalogues may bo bad of tbo auctioneers on and öfter Saturday, tho 20th September. Tho iron, railway chairs, Ac, may be soon at O. L Throckmor ton's, Cole's Wharf; and the steam-engines on appli- cation to Mr. 1'lios, M'Phcrson, Speucor-strcct, oppo sito the Raliway Station. THIS DAY. To Buyers for Moreton Bay, Queensland, Country Storekeepers, and Othors, Panama Hats. T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, will SELL by J.« "- .". Trid . _ AUCTION, at tho rooms, 80 Colllns-streot, on riday, September 28, at twolvo o'clock, 8 Borons Panama hats. No resonó. _Terms at Bolo._._ *"" THIS DAY. " Unreserved Balo of Fancy Drapory, Ribbons, Silks Muslin Goods, Millner}', Unuorclothlng, Hosiory, Haberdashery, Linen GoodB, Slops, &c.; To Warehousemen, Drapers, Milliners, Silk Mcrcorsj, Clothier«, Outfitters, Country Storekeepers, Dosiers, and Buyers for tho Diggings. J WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been in a structcd by the Importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at thoir mart, 80 Collins-street oatt, on Fiiday, September 28, at eleven o'clock, The following now and choice assortment of now gcods, to be sold without reserve : Muslin dresses Striped and crossover silks Fancy head-dressoB and foathors Muslin curtains and sots Black silk hood tassels Patent crinollno bell-shaped hats Alpacas, and demi black luEtrcs French merlnoos Crossover mixtures Mohair fancies Ladles' muslin nightcaps Do fancy alpaca dresBes 21 drab and brown orion tal ribbons Lsdics' dress caps and blondo Do whlto and arab coutillo stays Do Irish point and Eugenio collars ¡ Mon's Melbourne riding vests - . Do moiro antiquo and velvet do Do fancy check tweed trousors Gentlemen's tweed riding coatB Do fancy tweed trousers Men's groy twoed Jumpers Children's whlto and colouredlambswoolttOJas Men's hunbswool shirts and pants. And a variety of other goods well worth o atten- tion the trade. , Terms Sale. THIBDAY. ^ ' 167 Packages of Ladles* and Children's Beasonabla Boots and Shoes. From Messrs. J. Davies and Sons. " " x , " Ex Moravian. To Boot and Shoo Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and .ww ' ti Others. 1*7" EASE Y and Co. havo received instructions J J/ s from Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co. to BELL by AUOTION, at their rooms, Collins-stroot. on Friday, Septombor 28, at 11 o'clock, i , , , Tho following invoieo of Boasonablo -hoots and shoes, Ex Moravian. ; Lndica' cashmoro booti, olostlo Bidos, patont fronts Do English do, do Do oloth do, do . Do best coloured do do, military heels j Do do, pumps, ohannols Girls' do do Do do, elastic sidos, potent fronts j Dodo, button, do ; Do memel boots, ilvottcd, do Do cordovan do, leather linod, do t Child's coloured cashmoro boots, elastic sides, potent Bides , Do do, button, do Do kid boots, olostlo sides, do Do do, button, do Do kid balmerah), patont fronts, pumpB Ladies' velvet slippers Do Berlin do Do Brighton do ' Do Margato do , Men's Grcclon morocco do Do Brighton do Do buff do, ko. Tho abovo aro a very superior Bhlpmont of summor goods, and wiU bo sold without reserve. Torms Liberal. " THIS DAY. ~~ On tho Australian Wharf. 10,000 Best Bluo Bangor Sletes, 24 x 12. 88,000 Do Do, 20x10. Ex Adoliclo. To Slotors, Builders, Contractors, and Others. EASEYand Co. will SELL by AUOTION, 0 on tho Australian Wharf, on Friday, Soptein w bor 28, at eleven o'clock, Ex Adoliclo, 10,000 best bluo Bangor slates, 24 x 12 ' , 38,000 do do, 20 x 10. Fino parcel. No reservo, i Torms Liberal. ' ' THIS DAY. - 7 Balos 101b. Woolpacks. Slightly Damaged. , To Ironmongers, Storekeepers, and Others, EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, e at tholr rooms, 83 Collins-street vv cat, on Friday, Septombor 23, at olovon o'clock, 7 boles 101b. woolpacks, Wrappors slightly Btalned. Torms-Cash. ' THIS DAY. "" 27 Bundles Charcoal Iron, 800 Camp Ovons ' To Ironmongers and Others. _ WE ASEY and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, s at their rooms, S3 Collins-street west, on Frl. day, Bop cinbor 28, at olovon o'clock, Ex Constantino, 27 bundlos charcoal iron. Ex Dream, 869 camp ovens. Torms at Solo. \- - THIS DAY., 0 Oases Suporlor Paperhangings, Hanusomo Patterns. 1 To Faporhangera and Othors. t .TO- EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, YY . nl tl,c,r rooms, 33 Collins stroct west, on Fri- day, Boptembor 28, at olovon o'olock, , 0 cases superior paporhangings. ' To bo Bold without reserve. Terms at Salo. """""_ THIS DAY. 4 Trunks Boots. Moro or Less Damaged. To Boot and Shoe Warohousemon and Others. TT|7" EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, Y Y . at their rooms, 33 OolUiis- street -west, on Frlday, Scptomber 28, at eleven o'clock, , ¡ Ex Joseph Halo, ?? ' W over M & Co, M under, 84-24 pairs spring side boots 86-24 do Balmoral do 80-24 do do watertight do 87-24 do do. Moro or less damaged by soa-wator, and sold for tho benefit of whom it may concorn. Terms-Cash. ' MONDAY, OOTOBER 1. At Tv, elvo o'clock. Without Rosorvo. . Valuablo and Extonslvo Business Premises, situato 80 Queen Btrcot, Melbourno, Lato in tho Occupation of David Masterton, And These Capital Substantial Stores in Tho Most Central and Business Part of ¡sandhurst, Lately occupied by Messrs. Watson, Hondorson, and Co. ; and Messrs. Moses, Myers, and Co. Also, Thoso Desirable Building Allotments, Situato in tho Most Valuablo Part of High street, Eohuca, By Order of tho Exocutors of tho Lato A. R. Cruiksbauk, Esq. . To Capitalists, Merchants, Storokeopors, Hotol Pro- prietors, Wholcsalo Grocers, and Others, Desirous of Obtaining First-rate Stores or Building Sites. W EASBY and Co. have received ¡nstruo m tlonn from tho oiccutors of the late A. R. OrulkshMile, Esq , to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms. Collins street, on Monday, October 1,' at twolvo o'clock, Lotl. . > All tbot pleco or parcol of land, boing part of Allot- ment 0, Section 0, in tho town of Molbourno, and having A frontage of 46ft. to Queen-street, by a depth of 182ft. Oin., with uso of rlght-of way 10ft, wide in tho rear, from Littlo Bourko-streot, together with All buildings erected thereon. Comprising, ' Substantial brick-built commodious store cov orlug tho wholo area of ground, with offices mid other compartments divided oil' infido, and ad lnlribly adapted for carrying on any largo whole- sale grocery, produce, or other general business, requiring spacious premisos. This storo Is well known to tho trade in tho city, suburban, and country districts as that occupied by David Masterton. And la*ely by Messrs. A. R CrulkBhank and Co, (In liquidation.) and, from ii3 contrul and splendid position, oqual to nnv business premises In Meluourno Ti o storo is open to Inspection dally. ' Further particulars 'opply 80 Queen stroot ; or tho auctioneers, Oelllns street. 'litio unexceptionable. Lot 2. I Allotment corner of Vrllliomson and Hargroavoa strcetB, Market square, Sandhurst, and hating a frontago of lieft, to Williamson-street, Markot iquaro, and a frontage toHiirgrcavcs-strootof 71fc. Upon this land aro orcctcd thoso capital and spacious brick-built stores, lato In tho occupation cf Mc-eis, Watson and Henderson and Messrs. Idcsts, Myer», and Co, comprising- largo store, flooiod with ubi. colonial hardwood, cellar Oft. dcop, 22ft. w ido, oxteiidiug the'whólo length of tho btoro, with plafonu above, similar dimensions, iloored with (J x 1J lioorlig. and having half tile length divided by a wood and glass partition, which ioruis nn extensivo waroroom woll Bultod tor a drnpory or boot and Blioo department, or could bo cosily subdivided into prívalo,dwolllng nparliiitnt«. Large briek-bullt general offices, with threo dwelling-rooms ; four-etall stnblo, paved with woodon blocks ; brlok and comontod water-tank, containing upwardB of 0,000 galloiiB water, and roofed over; yard, 15ft.'by 16ft., oa clotod with brick walls, &c.; . ' - . ThcSo orcuiises aro so well known that tho auc- tioneers deem it unnecessary to givo lengthened par- ticulars. Tho stores aro built in the most substantial manner, very extensivo,"and with, ahold arohltoctural deration to,Williamson and'Hargrcavcs streets, and havp three entrance) from Murkot-equaro, and onu entrance from Hargreavos-Blrtct - Tho*.site is unri- valled, boing in tho nust otntial 'and business part of Sandhurst, cloto to Pall ii all, and the various banka, Markot-tquaro ii tim great contre for all tho outlying diggings, and where all tho markets aro- hcld. Uio woighbrldgo la convoniently situated in front of tho storo, and tho premises aro so built and arranged that for a trifling expense four lurgu and substantial stores could eaUly bo mado bj subdivision. ~ ,, " Puroh-iscr» will bo furnished with ovory information on application at tho auctioneers', where a plan and elevation of tho stores can bo Boon. . '? . Lot 3. All that valuablo allotmont of land,. sltuato at Echuca, ha\ it.g a frantago to High-street of 1 chain 70J links, by a depth or another frontago to Lesllo-slrcct of 2 chains. This capital piece of land Is situate in tho most coa tral part of fliuli- street, Echuca, and for tho erection of stores or other buildings is linaluablo. ? * Titles unexceptionable. . Torms littoral, Ard ' < No reservo. - Full particulars as to titlo, iic , can bo obtained on application to Messrs. Kllugondcr, Oharsloy, nnd Co,, or tho auctioneers. " WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 8. - 50 Trunks Women's Seosonablo Boots and Shoes. From II. A. 11} do and Co.'s. Ex Wollosloy. To Boot and Shoo Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others. EABEYand Co. will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Octobor 3, at cloven o'clock, . Ex Wollosloy, i Women's coloured and black boots Do black cashmore do, to laco Do do, pumpB Do do, do, clastic sides Do kid sldo-spilog pumps Do grain bahnoralB, clumps Do patent slippers Do black French cashmere, pido lace Do coloured cashmere, elastic sides Do black do, do Do do satin sldo-sprlng boots Men's patent seal Albert sltppors. ? The above aro In good condition, and will bo sold without reserve. _Terms Liberal._ THIS DAY. Unreserved Solo. Kow. ALFRED JOY has received instructions from Mr. Alexander Mackio, omnibus proprietor, who »giving up business, to SELL by AUCTION, on tho premises, on Friday, September 28, at ono o'clock, Tbo wholo of tho stock, consisting of-1 pair horso omnibus and harness, 8 Albert carn and harness, 10 horses, stable utensils, &c;, 1 water-cart and harness. W.Eaf M ednosday, I " raKLIHWASYNOTIOB" -i Important to Carriers, Farmer» »"j /ml E Suffolk Punch ÓoAd rÎSie.0Ul91 OW, KIER, and Co. aro W OFfrER forSÁLE,;t their Jlft«W I v.. an early day (notice ¿f whichTwlUbe Sïïf*» The annual draft (40 headl of uJ?v and Lyall's Suffolk PunchÄW* The sire is an imported ftafloÄS?m« The auctioneers deem It nun»T... , than call the attention of thMelhS'0 *> "» stock to this opportunity oKrWkdc,lr6 "">.* tborarocombinatloa S&ffiJSftVm; THI8 DAY - ^following valuable and vreu-knovra bm ah^ÄutoÄmMM c"0,1,'0>iaBcta^ The Tasmanian champion trotter CairnT w, "J* BoWioî. «nS one of"ShSÄ toria, underweight, is well unta iny and perfectly qÚV in 4ÄVu% o* w Alio» ' ' ""R'M:? est, . ";** - Boy gelding, lo hands high, with snlondM »*. andperfeetlyqui^l/slnglooÄbtebÄ JCnïolCAnÎWnU *"-»«« They con bo see/and fiÄa tftaÄ'* U» hour of sole, when fuller partieutirs^ffi TD OW, KIEK, and Co. aro instructed^ to fipn ^eby AUOTION. without reserve, on S^fi J'-Snd^Ä^ÄK h°T-^ They hove been in conBtont use bytheom»i tinglo and double harneBB, and saddle? ma<' MONDAY, OOTOBER 1. To Farmers, Carriers, Dairymen and Othm. Salo of First-class Draught Horses. Colt and Fillies. Milch Cows and Working Bullocks. At Moonco Ponda. ROW, KIEK, and Oo. aro instructed hv vJ Pearce to BELLby AUOTION at th» ii . J coonee Ponds, cn Mo/day. A^S'Ag 16 colts and fillies 20 first-rate milch cows, eomo having younc cal« at foot, others near calving '"""sain 8 tooms of working-bullockfl, dravs, &c; __ No Resorvo. MONDAY, OOTOBER Í7 ToCmiImBi Omnibus Proprietors, ana Others £0 Head of Upstanding Colts and !»«%, Tootgarook Station. ROW, KIEK, and Co. are instructed « SlsLL by AUCTION, at their Ä streot, on Monday, Ootoborl, ' "" i 0 head of colts and aillos, comprlsine ahonU 12 powerful colts and flUlos, suitablo for tiri « waggon. »««Hilo And , l8 Blrong colts and milos, suitable for canto J omnibus, or saddle. ."?"ra All In fino condition, direct from the station J Janies Purvis, Esq., Tootgarcok, Western fttttl&ijifl; TUESDAY, OOTOBER 2. To Carriers, Farmers, and Other«. 80 Cart Colts and Fillies. From Duck Swamp Station. ' T> OW, KIEK, and Co. aro Instructed bj i\ Edward Argylo, Esq., to SELL by AUOTION at their yards, Bourko-streot. on Tucsda), October! 80 very fino cart colts and Allies. In splendid condition, bred by tho above-niac gentleman, and got by tho noted horse President,ti Hie the original Button's Emperor. MONDAY, OOTOBER 1. Stork Hotel, With all Fittings, Fixtures, Se, &c.; Ellzaboth-stroet North, By Order of tho Mortgagee Looso Terminating in 1878, At a Ground Rent of £260 per Annum. A. COFFEY is favoured with'butru J _, lions to SELL by AUCTION, on tit [J nalsTs, on Monday, October 1, at ono o'clock, The Stork Hotel. It Is almost a new house, containing large tur, i Sorlours, snuggery, concert-roorn, and tew! cd-rooms, on tho ground floor; on tbsicttcl lloor two sitting-rooms and four bcd-roomi;iii on trio uppor floor six attic bed-rooms, ]tr| are also suitablo kitchens, wine-cello», 4e, s tho baaemont ator}'. The house is admirably furnished, and everyarlii is in tbo best possible ordor. It Is also dois; il IM n t ment ono of tho best businesses lu the city. '1 hero aro also largo stable s adjoining ths tatl r attaining 14 stalls, 4 looso boxes, coach-TlQllie,dîi ling for groom, &o.;, wblch aro lot at 80s. pemil tTliera Is also a wheelwright's shop and ¡allouer shop, both lot to respectablo tenants. Parties dcslroueol inspecting thopromliei.orob taming further particulars, can do so onappllBlü to the auctioneer, who will give orders to view. _ Terms in a futuro advertisement. N, THI8 DAY. Household Furniture. 7 Stowart's-bulldingB, Regent-street, Fitzroy, KINSMAN has received instruction! I _ j BELL by AUOTION, on tho premiss, li Mewart's-buildings, Regent-street, near Victor*] parado, on Friday, Soptombcr 28, The whole of tho household furniture Mahogany couch, choirs (covered with volvet,i:\ gilt-frame mirror : dining, card, and otter tables ; fondor and irons, carpet and rug, eary chairs, sideboard, clock, boots and glass boot, case, ornaments, pictures, loo tablo and cor«, iron bedsteads and bedding, toilct-glus, wui stand and ware, dresslng-tabloi, bair rat, trcssoB, china, crockery, pans, kitchen ultu Blls, &o.; Bolo at oloyon o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer ted valuator, 8 Moor-street, Fitzroy. I MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, I Corner Allotmont, Mollison and Charles streets. Eut I , Collingwood. I NKïï?.S,MAIÎ ,ms received instruction» la «SELL by AUCTION, on the (¡round, A« that choleo corner having a fruitage of« feel to Molllsou-ttroot, by US fcot frontage to Chu!* street. Titlo good. Tormj-Half cssh, throo and six month!. Balo at two o'olook, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer, house and land ogent, 3 Moor- street, itzroy, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1. Twolvo o'clock. Choleo Corner Allotment, Sackvlllo and Budd street«. TCT KINSMAN has received instrncBcci to _L\« SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, it twelvo o'clock. All that choleo cornor allotmont, having o frotUji of 05ft. to BackvWe-stroot, by 6Wt. frontag) » i Bud 1-street, Collingwood, Salo by N. Kinsman, auctioneer and ocont, 3 How ?Ircot, Fitzroy. ' SATURDAY, 8EPTKMBEU2 Land at Carlton. Without Reserve. J LONG will SELL by AUCTION, on to « ground, off Drumniond-ttrcot, Carlton, nail; oppoBli u Messrs Hawkins and Bullers, groeiiErocirl, on Saturday, September 20, at throe »'clock, All that valuable and woll-eituatu all' tiutnt of laud, having a frontogo of 21ft. off Drummond street, by a depth ofO&ft.;, below tho Stratford Arm!. The auctioneer recommends the abuse ni w11 adapted for a privólo residence, being situóte in ti» most hoaltby part of Carlton, on the hill, and com- manding a splendid view of tho surrounding couutrj. Title perfect. Terms at sale. Long and Ball, C8 Collins-street west._ I SATUBDAY, SEPTEMUEll 29. To Small Capitalists, Tradesmen, and Others, Cheap Freehold Proporty, Situate lu Ballarat-strnt, East Collingwood. T LONG has received instructions from the cls vondor to BELL by AUCTION, oo the pre. miles, Ballarat street, a short distares norfn-eut from tho Birmingham Hotel, Hmlth-mrcul, on Satur day,September 20, at four o'clock, A neat and well-finished tbrco roomed cottigf, ve- randah, fowl-house, workshop, tcullery, se.; land, 26ft. by 83ft, well fenced, and stocked nib fruit trees, vegetables, ito. No reserve. Tormxeisy. Title (rniminteed. Long ond B>11.58 Colllns-strret west._ " MONDAY, OOTOBEK1. " Freehold Hotel and Two Cuitares. Bosc-street, Collingwood. | Without Reserve Ï" H. KELSON is instructed by Mr. K W" a sor to SELL by AUCTION, without resero, oa o premises, Hoie-Btroet, Colllugwcod, onMonty, October 1, at twelve o'clock, Tho following properties: Bluestone hotel, nine rooms, floto roof, ond wal collar, with licence graited, situato on an anot ment of land having a frontsgoof aBrt. to kos*' street, by a depth of 160ft, moro or lea. Io* *. «.i 2 cottage», adjoining the abovo, and on on «w ment of land the ssmo sito. For terms and other particular», orply on lliepn* mises, or to tho auctioneer, 31 Quocn-itrcet. _Title Guaranteed._ TUESDAY, OOI01SKKS. Uandiomo Household Furniture, 3:0. IH. KELSON will SELL by.VrjtJTiOH,«* . his rooms, 81 Queen-sticet, Melbourne, An elegant assortment of furniture, comuriiing Drawers, sideboard, arm chairs, »»"'.J?; I stands, largo mirrors, loo tables, Hlr eena, I teloecopo table, Brown's patent hitaW»! chairs, iron bedsteads, mattest*, paul«« | hair mattress, tie, No reserve. Terms-Cash. li 