FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The Salsette, with the Australian mails of February, takes her departure to- morrow morning. The Northam, with the European December mails, arrived in Hobson's Bay on the 6th inst., being only a few hours behind her contract time. The interval since our last monthly summary has been a tolerably busy and eventful one. In politics, the position of parties continues the same. The Land Bill is making its slow way through the Committee of the Lower House, at the rate of two clauses a night. After an enormous amount of talking, scarcely one principle of im portance has been definitely affirmed. The Ministry have virtually made over the charge of the Bill to Parliament, and seem careless of its ultimate fate. A matter of nearer and dearer interest has occupied the minds of the extreme, er soi-disant " popular," section of the House. While all Melbourne was ab sorbed in a cricket match, a furious de bate was taking place in the House, on the motion of Mr. Barton, that a sum of money should be placed on the Estimates for the payment of members. The scene that ensued was in every respect worthy of the character of such motion. The opposition offered by the decent portion of the House to so flagitious and scandalous a vote, wrought the raging appetites of the other side to madness. All disguise as to the motives of the mover and his friends was cast off. It was explicitly declared that the " popular " members could not live without appropriating the public money. After repeated discussions, in which the resolution in favour of payment was several times carried, owing to the thinness of the House, a final vote decided, by a majority of one, that the matter should be brought forward in the shape of a Bill. And there for the present it ends \- there is good reason to believe, finally. The public out-of-doors have been al- most unanimous in condemning the principle of payment of members, espe cially in the form in which that prin ciple has been introduced. In a fit ot prodigality, the Assembly have, in one night, voted £50,000 for providing a system of water supply to the gold-fields ; and £30,000 for prospecting. Both votes were carried against Ministers, through a combina- tion of the mining members with the " Corner " and Mr. O'Shanassy's fol lowing. No definite plan has been sug- gested as to how either of the above sums is to be expended, and, so far as the practical interests of the gold- diggers are concerned, we are perhaps no nearer than we were to the very im portant objects sought to be obtained. A motion, brought forward by Mr. O'Shanassy, for the appropriation of £50,000 towards assisting female immi- gration to this colony, has met with less favour. After a long debate, in which the real merits of the question were made subservient to sectarian or political feelings, the vote was negatived by a majority of 38 to 25. The Upper House has been engaged in passing a Divorce Bill, on the basis of the English Act, with some imma- terial modifications ; and in discussing a scheme for the transfer of real property brought in by Mr. Coppin, in imitation of Mr. Torrens's Act, which has worked so successfully in South Australia. The lawyers, whose privileges are sought to be invaded by the latter Bill, are doing their best to impede its progress. The sum of £9,000 has been voted by the House in aid of the national de- fences - a sum ludicrously small for such a purpose. Captain Seymour, of H. M. ship Pelorus, has laid before Govern ment a scheme of naval defence, which is economical, practicable, and sufficient, but which has been altogether ignored by our rulers. The design for the exploration of the in- terior has at length assumed some definite shape. The funds required to be raised by public subscription in aid of the munificent donation of £1,000 from an anonymous source, have been collected through the untiring exertions of the Committee, and £6,000 have been voted by the Assembly. The expedition yet awaits a leader, but Major Warburton of South Australia, has been named as the most eligible among the few who are fit for the undertaking. The event of greatest excitement in our domestic annals of the month has been the cricket match between Victoria and New South Wales. For the third time, the Victorian players have triumphed. Nearly fifteen thou sand persons were present on the ground during the match, which excited the utmost interest in both colonies. As batsmen, the Victorians displayed a marked superiority to their rivals; and it is to this cause that their easy triumph is to be mainly attributed. The reaction after the fever of mining speculation has been rapidly setting in. Several of the bubble com panies, brought out with a great flourish six months ago, have come to grief, and others are on the way. As yet, the palm of being the neatest of the swindles belongs to the Bolinda Company, which was founded on certain washings of equivocal gold from quartz of the Lord knows where, got, the Lord knows how, by an enthusiastic merchant in a soup- plate. Two new members have been elected to the House, in the place of Messrs. Phelan and Cowie. The successful candidate for East Geelong was Dr. Greeves ; for West Bourke, Mr. Riddell. In each case, the "popular" party put up a candidate pledged to the principle of payment of members ; and in each case, the Conventionist was defeated by a very large majority. No action has yet been taken by this colony in regard to the propositions of the Peninsular and Oriental Company for a change of the mail route. The public feeling is, however, strong in favour of the fortnightly line via Galle, even though Victoria should have to pay the whole colonial subsidy. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce have refused to entertain the new proposal, as tending, in their opinion, to interfere with their prospects of the Panama line. The further intelligence will be found in detail under the usual heads. THE GOLD FIELDS. The condition of the miners is never very sa tisfactory at this time of the year. Of course we allude to those of nomadic habits, without capi- tal or other resource for their subsistence than the earnings of the day. The scarcity of water provents very much of the poor man's ground on the different fields from being worked, and new rushes always end in disappointment to the great majority of persons who take part in them. If they promise well at first, too many assist in the getting up of a " great rush," and a large proportion of the miners are then shut out from the good ground, and the finding of gold being confined to a few, the storekeepers have not business in proportion to the population around them, and both classes suffer alike. Such is now the state of affairs at what was for some weeks the most promising of our new gold fields, Lamplough, but where the ground has been proved to contain merely a series of auriferous patches, like all the other diggings in that part of the country, and to be altogether without any defined or con tinuous lead, so that the number of persons at tracted by the richness of the early discoveries find that there is nothing for one half of them to do, at least with the probability of receiving any return for their labour. The uncertainty of hitting on one of these patches is so great that, although the sinking is shallow, the mining part of the population has been quite disheartened, and many are wishing themselves elsewhere ; but with the present great scarcity of water on all the tried fields the difficulty is to decide on the best place to go to. The other new field in that direction, but several miles from Lam- lough, Inglewood, is apparently very rich in gold, but being situate in a dense scrub and some miles from water, the pioneers on it are working to great disadvantage ; still the number of resi dents is increasing, and as they penetrate the surrounding scrub, new and productive gul lies and reefs are frequently being opened up. When the rainy season comes round again the Inglewood diggings promise to afford remunerative occupation to a large number of miners. We mentioned last month that a little excitement had been caused by reports of the discovery of a very extensive tract of auriferous country some where among the ranges near the heads of the Yarra ; but now that the reality is known, the ex citement has died away, and so have the hopes en- gendered by exaggerated and almost baseless rumours. The Nicholson gold field is no more than a part of what two or three months before was taken up by a few miners and named the Bri tannia gold-field. The discoverers of the so-called new field merely pushed on a little farther into the densely-timbered country, and found that the creeks and rivers were auriferous in the upper parts of their course as well as in the lower. Little has been added to our general knowledge of the fact, that there is a vast extent of ground among the ranges, which will pay for sluicing on a large scale some day or other, but that it is not suited for the occupation of small parties of men without capital. On the Gipps Land side of the ranges some of the late discoveries are said to be of importance, but the spot now attracting most attention is farther away from us, among the Snowy Ranges, and on the New South Wales side of the boun- dary line. A very rich field is said to have been opened up at the head of the Snowy River ; but, as these names imply, the climate is very severe, and even if the yield of gold should equal expec- tations, such a cold region will have to be de serted for a great part of the year. The subject of a water supply for the gold- fields is attracting much attention now that the want is severely felt, and as an acknowledgment of its importance the sum of £50,000 has been voted by the Assembly for the purpose of con structing reservoirs where most needed. We use the term acknowledgment, because such a sum will be of course quite inadequate to meet even a very small proportion of the urgent claims that will at once be made upon Government. The works absolutely required, and almost certain to prove most remunerative investments, would necessitate the expenditure of millions, but legis lation for the gold-fields is not in a sufficiently advanced state to allow of the initiation of any- thing like a general or comprehensive scheme with local bodies to attend to the wants and collect the rates and charges at each place, so that little more can be done at present than agitate the question. In the meantime the erection of machinery for the drainage of the reefs and some of the wet leads, which cannot otherwise be worked, is increasing the supply of surface water in some localities, and allowing the resumption of operations where these are likely to be most profitable. Most of the older reels have been opened to the water level, and cannot be worked below this without the aid of the steam pump, although the stone there abouts generally improves in quality. From two at least of the mining districts, Sandhurst and Castlemaine, the weekly returns of gold have been mainly supported by the yield from the reefs since the puddlers have had to succumb to atmospheric influences and abandon their ma chines for the season, and in both districts a few of the reefers have had more than ordinary good fortune. Thus from one claim on the Victoria Reef, in the Bendigo district, gold to the value of £9,981 was taken within the last five weeks, and before that the yield from the same claim was very high, though averaging less than this; and from a claim on Nuggety Reef, in the Castlemaine district, 565oz. of gold were obtained from 16 tons of stone in about three weeks, the owners having before that crushed some equally rich lots of quartz. At the Reedy Creek, too, many of the large crushings have averaged 13oz. and 14oz. to the ton ; but such returns it must be remembered are the exceptions, one ounce to the ton being considered a good average yield now from most of the reefs through the colony ; and so much have the expenses been reduced that even less than this is found to pay well AGRICULTURE. While, on one side, the patriotic members of the Assembly in the House and the small remainder of the Convention out of doors are demanding greater facilities for the settlement of agricul turists on the land, the farmers round town, on the other, are beginning to hold meetings to draw attention to the low price of produce, and to consider what steps they should take for the protection of their interest. They say that at the present rates farmers cannot continue their business without ruin; but the land reformers say that the extension of agriculture is absolutely essential to the general prosperity of the entire body of colonists, and needful to avert ruin from the country. Both parties are to a certain degree right, and both are also very much in the wrong as to detail and the application of their own remedies. The farmers are asking for protection against growers from without, while the patriots want to increase indefinitely the number of small holders, having no capital but their labour, and whose competition would be the most injurious, for they could grow nothing but those crops which are now, or are likely without their aid, to be grown too exten- sively, and exclusive attention to which has been the principal cause of the present damaged condition of some of the followers of this pur suit. The only class of farmers who are really suffering or are unable to pay their way, now are those subject to high rents, and who have trusted to hay, grain, or potatoes, the standard colonial crops, without improving or in any way providing for the continued productiveness of their land. Hay, the principal crop grown near Mel bourne, has become so abundant that it is cer tainly very low compared with the prices obtained for some years past ; but it still fetches a price it could be grown at if produce of other kinds were raised on each farm, or if means were taken to ensure larger crops. Under the slovenly system followed by most of the men who are now com plaining, the yield of whatever crops they try to raise is naturally small, and instead of altering their plans, or removing to parts of the interior where such a system may be followed for a few years longer with some little temporary profit, they have taken up the cry first raised at Geelong, but since merged in the general de mand for protection to industry of all kinds. The farmers of the interior, however, who are fast becoming the principal producers of grain, have mostly good land to till, at less exorbitant rents where the fee simple is not their own, and have also the protection of 50 or 60 miles of land car riage to enable them to complete successfully with importers of produce from the neighbouring colonies and more distant countries. This cry for protection will therefore not become general, but will die out, as it has already done at Gee long, - in the district around which place, by the way, so far from the farmers being ruined, we are told by a gentleman of many years expe rience both as a farmer and salesman, that many of them are expecting the price of wheat to de cline until the limit is reached below which it cannot be produced or imported with profit, and yet, in the face of this conviction, they are ex tending their operations in preparation for the coming season. They have tried the Adelaide reaping and thrashing machine, and hope, with its aid, to make wheat- growing pay them at least. It was long ago predicted that this machine would have to be generally used here to enable us to compete on equal terms with the South Australian farmers in wheat-growing ; and by thus economising labour, and consequently curtailing expenses, no doubt, as the preliminary difficulties of clearing and bringing new land into cultivalion are over come, the greater productiveness of our soil and humidity of our climate will allow of wheat being grown as cheaply here as there. What ever means are to be used, the patriotic politicians are right in saying that cultivation must be extended until we have the first neces saries of life of home production ; and, notwith standing the outcry now raised by the farmers, they will by degrees find out how this can be done without the ruin to their class they at pre- sent anticipate. The autumn shows of grain and produce are shortly to be held through the country, and these are likely to be better than usual this year. In many districts, indeed, shows will be held for the first time, so that comparisons cannot in all cases be instituted ; but the crops of the season just ending were secured in much better condition, and were mostly of much better quality, than those of the year before, so that the samples of grain especially are expected to be very superior. The season has been rather dry for root crops, but, except potatoes, these are not cultivated to any extent, and enough will be found on the low alluvial lands to make up a good collection for the shows. This dryness of the season has caused the farmers, as well as the miners, to pay rather more attention to the advantages to be gained by providing for an artificial supply of water, and in all the colonies irrigation and the sinking of wells, are becoming topics of interest and discus- sion. A good fall of rain is wanted just now in the interior to cause a fresh spring of grass, the stock in many parts of the country suffering much from the scarcity of feed. In some parts of New South Wales there has been rather too much rain, followed by destructive floods ; but, although for days together, while the rain was falling to the eastwnid of the ranges, there was every ap pearance of its becoming general, nothing more than a passing shower fell within our territory ; if the autumn continue dry, serious loss will be suffered by many of the stockowners. Shipments of well-bred stock are still coming forward, and in the opinion of some of the con signees of animals sent hither on speculation, rather too frequently. Breeders and their agents in England should remember that the market here is but limited, and it is really difficult to find purchasers at barely remunerative, or even at unremunerative, prices for any number of sheep or cattle, no matter what their kinds or pedigrees may be. Most of the persons here who require such animals, and are inclined to give good prices, either go themselves or send their own agents to make selections at head-quarters, and ship on their own account. LABOUR. The busy season is now almost at an end, and Many »ore men aro going about the country m starch ef employment, cr waiting; U luke thou .lance m town Tlio farmers bare nearly com fitted their harrest work and tho securing of tluir staths, so that thoy are discharging roo ,t .f their extra hands, and are now only in want of a fow good ploughmen, whoso sei vices cannot be rendered of much avail while tlio ground is t x dry. There aro always tlie ronda foi tli03o who have not husbandod their resources to tin n t» , but, during tho last few weeks, every opening ou theso has been quickly Ulled lrudcsnicii anil mechanics aro also numerously unemployed, and it is difficult still to ascertain exactly how much this is owing to trade regulations, oi how much to nn actual failing m the domnnd ns com pared with tho numbers requiring work Cer tim it is, howovci, that many men hilon^m^ to the elapses of skilled labour aro ent,aL,m(r them selves as lined servants, at much less than tho standard rates of wages, or, indeed, it no moro than is given to ordinary labourers if known to bo activo and intelligent Thora aiv. comparatively fow buildings no« undertaken in Jlelbourno, except tho indu-pensable public works and tho sum to bo expended in tlusonill bo much reduced this year, BO that masons and cnrpeutoin have llttlo to LMII by hunting nbi nt town l'hi difficulty with tho nin&oiis; on the railway wen le- ws» nerjUBted long sinop, and tho full numbul o men hav o boon for somo timo at work llore Germons havo arrived, and these have boon «ft to employments suited to tho capacity of on h and are earning wn(,cs in proportion to what thov can do, the original agreements enteied rn'o beforo leaving Europe not being enfoiccd oi lins point liy woiking extra hours, tho go>l woikmcn among them can carn the full rate ol »»gea, and this is possible for them, boing fio fiom the trado society s rules forbidding mon (han eight hours «otk in tho day \\\ ith tlio Lnghbh masons thero is now a clear linderst in I i»g an to both wnees mid hours, and tha worl<> are proceeding rapidly Hiero is just at the pre tent timo a disputo with tho stonehrcalceis, oi one section of tho northern line, as to tho rat of pnyment they should icecive for brenkm. metal, but this is a compa atively tullin ' affin and will, no doubt, bo quickly settled Of coursi the numbci vnricb from time totmio, but on tins the Ctistleinnmo and Sandhurst lino, thero an! usually about (),000 men, of nil classes, em pl( ycd. With repaid to domestic servants, theie ha; been little or no chango sinco our hist report Men have a difficulty in finding situations, unless married, and without children, but superior women servants are in great request, and receive proportionally high wages. Untaught country girls are still seeking employment in rather greater nuiuhcrn than aro required, but eve i these, if tidy in their habitB ¡mel willing to tent ii have poon tho opportunity of blcomiut, settled ii rcfpectable fimihes, and of using into (ho c1 is, o' i jpirieiieed seiv-intB Gills of the rougher ioi?: havo llttlo better prospect hoio than they lia I ii iho mother country. RAILWAYS. The works on the Government lines of railway are again progressing with tolerable rapidity. The men engaged on these undertakings have settled down very generally, and the difficulties which existed between the employers and the employed at the close of last year have not been revived. The contractors for the Geelong and Ballarat Railway have had to seek the support of their creditors, but the works have been carried on without interruption. The Geelong and Melbourne Railway accounts have been at last arranged. The following report of the Commissioner of Public Works on the progress and present state of the negotiations for tho purchase of this line by the Government has been printed for general information, by order of the Legislative Assembly. 1 lie only step which remains to be taken ii ti pr i ung of nu Act by the Legiblutuie to le_;..'. I iLc tiniisfcr of the lino : - " .ho f. >1 IonItigr resolution! authorising the Govern moil to puicbuho the Geelong and Melbourne Rill «i, \, were pareil by tl.o Lu jit! jil vu .Assembly, ii I', II ni lit co of tho wholo House, on ttio 27 th Januar} Ittf, vii. :- - I « t '"1. Dial Uili CommHtco, having fully consider^ the eorrcsponilouco which has passed botweon tha Go i yornment and the directors of tho Geelong and Mel bourne Raliway Company, inroforonco to the purchase cf that Uno, doom it advisablo to einpowu tho Go | Ten mont to purchase the cntlro proporty of tint ¡ ? ' 2 That an authentic and satisfactory statement Of the whole oxpondiluro and liabilities incurred hy the company ho furnished to tho Government " * 3. rhnt tho assent and authority ni tho proprlc tary to tho transfer of tho lino bo obtoinod "'4 That the Govemmont bo authorised to I poy in cash for the entire propoityof tho oorapan), I ïuch pavmont to bo ehargonblo on the sum of £s,C00,000 already authorised by Parliament fortlio .cnitrnctlon of railways ."ii That on tho ratification of tho termsproposed, a. Bill be submitted to Parliament onabllng tho G) vcrnroent to carry into effect tho torms of tho pin chace agreed upen ' " Immediately after tho pasting of theso rosolntioi s copy of thom was forwarded to tho directors of tim company by tho thon Govemmont, accompanied In ta nllmatlon that thoy would bo prepared on tholi part t o carry out tho samo so soon as tho companj, by eon r lying with tho conditions imposed upon them walled tho Government to tako action in tim mattor. ' Nearly sovon clghtliB of tho capital stock ot tho conpany being held by English shnroholdcrs, it wai rrqulsito for tho directors to transmit tho proposals f the Government to London for tho approval of ths El gllth proi rloturs, in accordance with tho loquir.. ntl tsofthothird resolution "This proceeding necessarily consumed norn months, but on the 11th July last tho Government r oeiTCd a lottirfrom tho directors, stating that a moo mu had been hold in London on tho 11th Mi picvionn, nt which shares worn represented to tho an i unt of £116,800, vvhon tho proposals for tho pul ilmfc of tho railway as set out lu iho rosolutiniish-nl bet n duly »auctioned, and on tho 28th of July tho Go viiniucnt woro further informed hy tho directors thit on that di) a mooting ofthe col nial shareholders hil al o been held, at Geelong, representing share« to tho ouicui t ? f JCS9 COO, when lho resolutions ofthoIVit di ii meeting w ero duly confirmed and tho direct II S cn powered to treat and concludo tho torms up i wl ich tho undertaking should bo transferred lu i coi dance thciowith " Tho company having thus complied, as far al po'tiblc, with the third resolution, and obtained thi ci i cent of a large number of shareholders both 11 England and in the colony to tho salo of the Uno, tho diuciors wne called upon to furnish a statement of tbo wholo of tho capital oupomhturo and Iiabilitloi ol tbo company in aecordauco wltliltho second resol i lion " Accordingly statonionts mado up to the 81st Mil lost nero soon afterwards rccoival and transferred to ti o Ci HIIIIIBHU ncrs of Audit, who at the request if li is Fxcclloncy tho Governor undertook to investiga o ti em " On the 7th of November the Commissioners furnished the Board with an elaborate report on these accounts, and, subject to certain objections to various items submitted to the decision of tho Board, found tho total ascertained liabilities of the company up to the 31st of May to be as follows - LIABILITIES . 17,500 shares, at £20 .. .. .. £350 000 0 0 Loans on debentures .. .. .. . 202,500 0 0 Liabilities as per balance sheet £73,037 19 11 less cash balance and unexpended balance of capital account, do. 20,708 0 9 43,029 19 2 £656,429 10 2 ïhls amount is acknowledged by the company to be correct, with the exception of one item, amounting to £2,746 2s 11d., being debts duo to them, and for which they desire to be credited in the above statement, thereby reducing the liabilities to £653,688 16s 3d. "The disbursement of which amount is accounted for thus - EXPENDITURE Expenditure in the formation of the railway £604,158 8 0 Value of stores on hand . 19,387 4 8 Total assets £623,545 12 8 Losses of the company, being the balance of the profit and loss account to 31st May, 1859 30,138 3 7 £653,683 16 3 " Besides these ascertained liabilities, the accounts also dlsclose Ho following outstanding or contlngent ones, viz - 1 Claims admitted by the company £8,529 11 4 2 Disputed land claims 11,872 0 0 3 Disputed claims, various for compensation stated In the accounts examined by tho Commissioners of Audit to be £3 013 19s 8d , but increased by a subsequent statement received from the Directors 22,171 2 0 £42 572 13 4 The various items comprising the two last sums amounting together to £34,043 2s , are either wholly or partly disputed by tho company, and it would appear, in most cases, with much reason. Nevertheless, there can be no doubt that a considerable sum will have to be paid in respect of these claims, and that the settlement of them may involve considerable expense in litigation. ' Nothing more definite can, however, be ascertained in relation to them at present, and as remarked by the Commissioners of Audit, 'The only safe way will be to determine in each case as the claim is made after the line has been handed to the Government. " Moreover, the last half yearly report of tho directors discloses a loss of £4,700 18s 2d. in working the line during the previous six months ending the 30th November, 1859, which will increase the balance of the profit and loss account to that extent, and lastly the debt due to Government for guaranteed interest paid on the company's capital amounting to £72,771 16s 11d. (the repayment of which was to be secured by mortgage on the land and works of the Company), must be added to the above liabilities, in order to exhibit the total amount to be paid by the public for the railway, viz.:- Ascertained liabilities as detailed £653,083 16 3 Outstanding and contingent do 42,572 13 4 Loss on working tho line from 31st May to 30th November, 1859 4,700 l8 2 Due to Government for guaranteed interest received 72,771 16 11 Total £773,735 4 8 " It will be understood that this is not the exact amount which the line will ultimately cost, as that depends upon the sum which will have to be paid In adjusting the contingent liabilities put down at £34,043 2s. "That these will be greatly reduced there can be no doubt, but, on the other hand, it is to be feared there will be a further loss on the working of the line, as well as an increase of the interest debt to Government during the current half year. I "Thoro uro also somo othor obligations contucto 1 b) the company, v\r tro undertaking to construit i , irldco ov or lho Imo at Corio orroco within n porio 1 of three j cars from the 1st August, 1869, and the formation of certiln level crossings, Lu , as per n"reti mci t with the ' Ashby Association.' 'In tho rcpoit of tho Commissioners of Audit attention Is drawn tovarlousquostionnbloltoms In tlio expenditure, such as the expenso of the Inauguial ICto on tun:¡np; the first sod, tho cost of a drj wier and 1 lull given at tho opening of lho line foi trafilo, and otl cr Itoms of a similar character It is.howovoi, rontidcrcd impossible to dhallow any portion of tho actual expenditure of tho company without Infringing the original anieles of agreement for tbo sale and pur chase of tho railway as stated in the first propnul-i ii «du by the company for that purposo on the 10th of rcecmbci, 1S57 und accepted by tho Government of tho daj, tho basis of which was, that all tho share holdors should lecelve back theirsubscribod capital In . _--... .-_ ouiauiuuu UipjUl! in full. It has lieon finally proposed that tho Government * hall cntor in to the rights nnd property of tho company on tho 6th of April next, on which day tho current hiilf-jcM'8 (guaranteed) Intcrost will fall duo, ami when tho furtlior pav mont of such intero3t will cca-o. " It therefore now only remains for the Legislature to legalise tho purchase and transfer of tho line, by passing the Bill which will be Immediately laid before Parliament for that purposo. (Signed) " JAMES G. FRANCIS, " Commissioner of Public Works. " Railway Department, February 1,1860." Tho Molbourno and Hobson's Bay Itnilrvay <'ompimy's traffic returns from November 1st, 18CU, to February 9th, 1800, give the following ; results : Passengers, paicols, &c;, from No- vember 1 to January 12 .. ..£11,012 13 11 Do., from Jannnry 13 to February 9 1,488 1 t) £10.130 10 S Merchant! if e horn November 1 to January 12, 34,607 tons- re- ceipts .£6,641 fl 5 Do., from January 13 to Fobruary 0 inclusivo, 13,ÏC8tons-rocolpts 2,609 1 2 £0,140 13~7 J un» tonnage since ¿iovombcr 1, 48,306tons-totaliceolpt«.. ..£25,271 0 3 Thofoljowin^is alistof tho ships discharged at Bondi ¡dgo lîailway Ker sinco last mail.ox clnsivo of 14 colonial steamers :-Whito át.ir King of Algeria Southampton, Lady Hoad Spray, Omar Pasha, General Williams, Forest Oak, Dawn of Hopo, Marco Polo, Kevonuo, l'rinco of Wales. u» Tho St. Kilda and Brighton Lino, which lias bconrcuently opened for public traffic, has earned ?Hlio sum of £1,001 «Is. oi. during the mon 1 °0f . January. Tho Melbourne and Essendon ¿in" i* I. completed so far as the earthwork is coiicmed 'Mill tho contractors only av,ait tho arrival of til. rails from England, which are now overdue Tim .Melbourne« and Suburban Railway Company «re rapidly pushing forward their VVOIIÍH to Hawthorne and towards tho South Yarra suburb Tlio following is a statement of the trafilo re- turns of all tho railways, public and privato in netunl operation for the month of January« .Ci vemment Lines.. llclbourno and li ob «n'sBay .. , Geelong and Mci f fcounio Melbourne and Sub b uilan fit. Kilda and Brigh- ten. Pas songera. , A s, d. «37 8 0 1300 1 0 [1843 14 10 007 16 11 2418 8 11 8 8 7 077810 8 Í831J4 i 1343 14 IO [1001 4 8 THE MAIL SERVICE. Tho proposition of tho Peninsular and Orienta Steam Navigation Company to alter the routo of the li.ail-stenmers from Mauritius to Galle, anc to givo a fortnightly service for an add ¡tiona ¡£25,C0O a-year, has not met with a favourable reception in Sydnoy. The Ohnmber of Commerct Ikave adopted a petition in favour of tho Panamr line, and havo adopted the report of a Select Com- mittee appointed to take into consideration the letter addressed to tho Chamber by Mr. Henri Moore, tho agent for tho Peninsular and Orienta Steam Navigation Company, by a majority of 3' to 2. The report is to the effect that the Cham 1er cannot concur in the proposition of tk< Company, for the following reasons: i "lit. Because, having relinquished ono postal cou tract, in conscquonoo of ito having proved unremuno 1 rative, thero IB no guaranteo why tho Peninsular am | Oriental Company might not sot asido tho one no_ I proposed, should it provo oqually unprofitable. ! ''2nd. Becauso cxperionco has shown that, in th conduct of a brnnch servico, Australian Interests would bo mado subservient to those of India. " 8rd. Because as at prosont efforts aro bolng m.vdi for the speedy establishment of direct tolegraphi communication with this continent, tho oxistonco o th e electric wiro os far as Galle. is comparatively but o: 1 little importance " 4th Becauso this colony would bo called upon ti I pay a rateable subsidy with tho southorn colonlos while it would not roap a ratcablo and propor; I t'onoto advantage . I " 5th. Bojauso tho Suez routo, as making tin colony tho last place of arrival and tho first of doparj I turo, has, for all practical purposes, boon proved tu ty useless tor the peoplo at largo of this colony, and no alteration is proposed in tho tinis-tablo. I I " 6th and lastly. Becauso the proposal convoyed by you would effectually in, pedo any action in favour of thf Panama routo, which the Chamber conslilors as ¡ikulj to bo of far greator interest to tlito colony than tin sei vico contoroplatcd by tbo Ponlnsular and Orienta Company." In tho faco of the inovitablo disunion of tin colonies in this important matter, the project mooted somo four years ago and rovived by dis CBS8ion several times since, that of the Govern ra cnt of Victoria takiDg tho matter in hand, am subsidising a colonial servico between Melbourn and Galle, isoucomoro occupying somo attention A fair field is open for the enterprise of cap: tnlists, and the successful carrying out of tho pro jtot would relieve tho Peninsular and Orienta Steam Navigation Company of tho rcsponsibilit; of that portion of the lino which it complains ha always yielded a IOSB to the proprietors. THE DISTRIBUTION OP ANIMALS. The importance to tho Australian colonies ol the labours in which Mr. Edward Wilson is on gaged will bo generally recognised. Nature ha dealt with tho colonies with a liberal hand ii many respects, but the prodigality with vvhicl she has showered mineral wealth upon them ha | teen balanced by the niggardly hand with whicl sho has clothed the wastes, provided the wood .with varioticB of animal life, and stocked tho fov and far separated rivers of tho country. Whoovo deals in a patriotic spirit with that scarcity o yaucity of kind of animal life, and introduces noi varieties, to extend the resources of tho cotuitr SB regards tho Bupply of food, and fill the wood with songstors whoso notes wore familiar to th ear in other days, in other lands, does as goo amd useful service ns tho benefactor of his cour try who makcB " two blades of grass grow wher only ono grew bofore." In this light theso coll mes look on tho services of those Australian gei tie men in London-foremost amougst whom w may, without offence, uamo Mr. Wilson-no engaged in this useful servico, and it woul be a lasting source of regret if thoso lr hours should bo suspended from tho lae. of sympathy and help_ on this side. Sue is the feeling to which general oxpressio bos been givon sinco tho publication of Mr Wilson's letter in The Argus of February in, i "which ho pointed out the too engrossing déniant i made upon his time, and suggeste/j the appoini ? ment of a paid agent iii London, by whom a 1 the minor arrangements might be made cm ? nectcd with the selection and transmission 11 TUntlish and othor irunio animals and liml«, ploni,, lie. In such an agent s hands a perfect list o : all the selections mado would bo preserved, a I waste of effort would bo prevented, and unit, would bo given to tho laboura of a I who desiro to do the colonies service in tho manner to which ,wc aro referring. TM reasonableness of the suggestion is apparent, nn I hud an appoal to the public for sympathy ii mppcrt been necessary, it would have been moil readily accorded. We are happy in boing ablo t j state, however, that such an appeal is now un Btesssftry. Tho valuo of Mr. Wilson's labour h M be«n recognised by th». Government, and bl the «nail of January last a sum of JEC00, spi ? nally voted, waa transmitted to London to en- courage the movement. "We are also glad ti loan that a proposition has been made to Gc - vermrmnt by Dr. Mueller, that a, sura oí JE169 should bo sot aside from the annual grant 11 . the Botanic Gardens, for the purpose c E «?paging an agent ia London, the appro «nation and appointment to be permanent, Jlr. 'Wilson'B views have thus been acted upoi i oven beforo their expression reached this country; aid the fact-offering as it does the best of al) proof of the acceptance his labours meet with ii this colony-wiil no doubt be received as at oncfe encouraging and gratifying. It is not necesaart hero, and now, to show the propriety of the grant, or that the recommendation of Drl Mueller should bo acceded to, as no doubt it will, by tlio Government. Thoro aro few civilised lands umlcr the sun which do not. owe ti| others sonic of the good things which they noit possess. How much docs not England owe ¡A this respect to her hardy sons, who, in the course of long generations of travel by sea and land! have gathered for hor new or bettor brecdl of animals, plants, and flowers, from all tho ends of Ino earth? With our better know lidge and our immeasurably greater facilities we desiro to seo dono for theso Australian colo nies all that science or observation can sugges. in tho Bamo way, systematically, and as early a¡¡ may bo. By tho encouragement of the Govern mint, by private effort being baeltcd as suggostci by Mr. Wilson and approved by Dr. Mueller years of desultory effort may bo anticipated. I, may not bo possible to mnko ourdesertB "blosson as tho roso," but at least much can bo dono ti i increase the varieties of our wild animals, ou game, our fish, and our useful plants. Preparations havo boen made at tho Botanic Gardens for tho reception of tho " guarnmior, announced by Mr. Wilson as likely to arrive by the next mail steamer from tho Mauritius, wit! the character of the "very best frcBh-watci pond fish in tho world." The pond in whicl they will bo placed in tho ovont of thoir.'safi an ¡val, lins been carefully prepared, is iiuppliei with tho best water the gardens afford, and ib ' inmates will bo protected by wirewoik from tin predatory visits of all fish-loving members of tin Icathcrod tribes, and from the intrusion of eels &c.; _ Tim necessary shelter »ill nlso bo foum provided in the manner suggested. The importun stranger, with the somewhat strange namo, w11 thus find that his ense and comfort in his nov homo have been provided for as far as IIÍB habiti aro known, and that ho may increase and multiplj ?without fear. -iiuu ii ie r I Tasmania, wo ai o now informed, i» to recoivd tho first eonsij nmcnt of the impregnated ova of the salmon Without doubt Iho wvtois of J" is] mninu aro bettor adapted for such an experiment as the introduction of salmon than UIOHU of Vic] torin Hie element of latitude is in ltiolj important, ns tho salmon shun« warm sens nnd the ever Honing and Bilierj Derwent is a homo moro likely to be eoiiL,eniul to tho "monarch ofi the «speckled tnbo ' than the dark and soft flow] )Dg "yarra Onooplaced ni .fWiuni.m waters tlicj sulmon will hav o i better chance of mere IMIIQ in numbcis than tbey would m nny of our wafers! ?scarcely excepting tho MurrnV, sudden or na\ vero Hoods, such as our nvcis aro exposed toj ben g i rcjuiheuil to the salmon (ribo in destioy-i. inc or altering the gravel beds on which they do-j 1 ghtto spinn, and m sweeping to the henb^foio ti en timo thobO shoals of lnrrs, many of which (it is now nseeit lined) would not vtlnntniilj gd diwnto tho sea in their first jear Wo loinij low ever, that Dr IM Helier will endeavour tcj ol turn fui tlio pi epared ponds in the Gardens ñj pcrtion of the impte_ii ited ova, and that Angia M'Millan, Lsq , M 1* for Gipjis Lind, h d (ï]rif6 d his intention to eonstiuct ponds m ti c3 itrtumn tonnected with his property in Gip, s Land, where experiments mny bo tried with ti aj eva As theso htioams npproich in c1) uaetcï these of Scotland, any experiment m idu mm thim will havo gieat interest Wo undeistand that a reconimctuiutiou has been scut to Lund in lj Dr Mueller, that tho i-eeond experiment with salmon should be tried with llsli m tho pur or fry Mate, mid m sea wntci Iho icibouuy is ltanble( tint fish which dcbcend at a eertinn a *, by inhtiiiit, to sea water, and livo in it lor li cullin betoio leturiung to Hie i ivers, muy ha brought out m sitetyw Bta wutir, if euibaiLed t,t tho n0ht inumciit Tho temp raturo of ti o vi nter under tho tropics may, uo doubt, liff eli the fry unfavourably, but tint icmaiua to bol Kfcted Since the arrival of the English pheasants by the Great Britain one of the male birds has died. He was sick, however, when he was landed, and had been ill for a great part of the voyage. The others (six cocks and four hens) are doing well, and one of the former has been placed in Cre morne Gardens,for the time being, with the two hen birds formerly exhibited there. The co-oporation of gentlemen who will interest themselves in the increase of these birds will be asked for in due time, and set he pheasant breeds freely in confine- ment, iti s hoped, that in the course of a few years this handsome bird will be familiar in Australian policies and woods. It may be noted here, that, in confinement, the hen pheasant is never en- trusted with the care of her own brood. She is a bad sitter and an impatient mother. In the Highlands pheasant-rearing is conducted in the woods, A site near an ant-hill is selected, a little lodge is built, and there the nest of pheasants eggs is placed under a common game hen. Tho lodge is so arranged that the foster mother cannot pass out, but that the young chicks can run freely out to the ant-hill, where, in the ants, they find their favourite f ood, and can return when a signal of danger or of impatience is made by the mother. Similarly tended, there is no reason to doubt that the pheasant may soon be multiplied hore rapidly and successfully. Tho thrushes thrive in the aviary, and are as bold as if they were in their native glens. The larks, though thriving, are scarcely so much at home; and one has died within the last few days. Dr, Mueller is already prepared to receive appli- cations from gentlemen who may desire to pos- sess pairs of these birds, and who will give them the protection from the native cats and hawks which they will require for a time. Ho also pro- poses to carry with him to tho Dandenong Ranges, when the proper season arrives, a few pairs both of thrushes and larks, to camp with them for a short period, and gradually to accus- tem them to the change, and then to give them their liberty. It is to be hoped that no misconception will prevent-other circumstances being favourable Her Majesty's gracious and kind offer of a number [ of red deer for this colony. We have a flock of fallow deer, now increased from 12 to 16, in Vic- toria, but no red deer. The former variety, as every body knows, is the deer of English parks ; the latter is the wild mountain rover, the deer of the Highlands, whose bold head, with its branch ing antlers, is prized as so fine an ornament in a sportsman's hall. The red deer will thrive wherever there is wood, water, good grass, and, above all, solitude; and surely we can piomise hirn these in this land. We learn that a first attempt is now being made by the London Australian Associnlion, and more especially by Mr. Wilson, to accom- plish the great object of introducing the salmon to some at least of the Australian and Tasma- nian rivers. Various suggestions having been found untenable, the initiatory experiment will be mado with impregnated ova, placed separately under glass, in a manner permitting the sun to shine on and a constant stream of fresh water about an inch and a-half in depth to flow over them. It is anticipated that by despatching the ova thus arranged, at the proper season, the fish may have been hatched, and approaching the parr condition, by the time they arrive here to be placed in the ponds of the Yarra, now being pre- pared for them by Dr. Mueller. THE PHEASANTS AND SINGING BIRDS BY THE GREAT BRITAIN. The Great Britain has brought an interesting collection of pheasants, thrushes, and larks, sent out from England for the Botanic Gardens by the Australian Association in London. More than usual interest was felt in the result of this attempt to introduce the English pheasant, from the failure, comparatively, of some provious ex- periments ; and we are glad to leam that a large proportion of the pheasants, and all but a few of the thrushes and larks, embarked were safely placed on the 8th inst. under the charge of Dr. Mueller, in the aviary of the Botanic Gardens. The number of pheasants originally selected was 24, or 12 pairs ; of thrushes, some 42 ; and of larks, 55. Of those, 11 pheasants (7 cocks and 4 hens). 37 thrushes, and 48 larks, have survived the accidents and ailments attendant on the passage. It is unfortunate that so few of the pheasants have outlived the voyage, but ex- perience has shown that unless extraordinarily favoured by circumstances at the commencement of the voyage, and watched with experienced care throughout, they die off rapidly when cooped up in cages, and exposed to the an- noyances of travel. Seven of the 24 died on the railway between London and Liver- pool, and a chilling east wind blowing down the Mersey killed two others before the ship left the river. At sea, and soon after the Great Britain began to feel the ocean swell, the sur- vivors became peculiarly pugnacious. In the course of the first night at sea one of the hen phea- sants was killed, a very fierce male bird (which has reached the gardens in good condition) being the murderer. Next day it was deemed prudent to separate all the birds, and to add scraps of raw meat to their food. The separation pre- vented their doing mischief to each other and the scraps seemed to satisfy an un- natural appetite. Throughout the voyago the hens were particularly restless, and were with difficulty prevented from doing serious injury to themselves by jumping violently and sinking their heads against the top of the cgaes. At a later period of the voyage diseases of various sorts set in, and in two instances with fatal results. The first of these, on examination, was found to have arison from constipation ot the bowels, and, as measures of prevention, small pieces of fresh turnip and carrot, with oatmeal were given to the others with good effect. Under this disease, however, the sufferers became wasted to skin and bone The second fatal case occurred after the longitude of the Cape was crossed. The bird (a hen in splendid condition) was sud- denly observed to make three or four convulsions springs round and round, and then to jump once or twice upwards. Water was freely applied to its head, but it died almost instantaneously. On examination, the brain was found congested and the knowledge was afterwards found useful in the case of another bird, the life of which in a similar fit was saved by the free application of water. The thrushes proved themselves excellent sailors. They gave no trouble, and exhibited no symptoms of illness of any kind. The cages however, Were small, and too lightly constructed for so strong a bird, and from this cause two thrushes were lost overboard, the cages having been broken in the process of cleaning, and the birds having escaped through the open port-hole Another made his escape on the wharf here while being landed, from the same cnuse, but he was re-captured; and a fourth was lost in the gardens, having got out between the wires whilst being conveyed from the dray to the aviary The larger proportion of the thrushes wero in song throughout the voyage, especially at the firist dawn of light, and their activity and pertness made them general favourites willi the passengers, numbers of whom visited them almost daily throughout the voyago. The larks were found much more delicate and difficult to manage. During the south west gale off Madeira in which the Great Britain lay to (though under steam) for 12 hours, and rolled heavily to an awkward cross sea, two of the larks and a thrush were strangled by getting their heads fixed in the wires of their cages. Several others were afterwards found similarly entangled, but in time to be saved. In the same galo another unfortunate lark broke his leg, and when placed in a cage by himself to give him a chance of recovery, he pine and died Diarrhoea affected them considerably, and the rapidity of the ship's passage from the tropics to the colder southern latitudes was followed by other types of disease which affected almost the whole of the larks, and in three instances fatal. On the Great Britain's previous passage. 22 out of a consignment of 24 larks died in the same locality from the same cause. The vicinity of land as the ship approached the Heads, seemed to become known instinctively to the whole collection of larks and thrushes. They became restless broke into snatches of song, and scarcely rested for a moment from the time land was made till they were placed in the gardens. When released there, they gave themselves at ones to enjoy their unwonted freedom ; for in a few minutes the larks were rolling their heads in the dry warm earth and the thrushes were bathing in the water, with evident enjoyment of the novelty. Mail advices of the despatcli of the col ectiou wero only received in Melbourne 24 ours after the nrrival of 'tho Uicnt Britain hit by tho caro of Dr. Mueller, excelle" t arrangements lind been mado foi their re- ception in the improved aviai y. Muoh inter.«* was taken in tho experiment hyilc^rs. Gibb, Bright, and Co who in avery hand"omo mai "or ict apart a well-lighted and airy comnirtmont of ho Great Britain for tho collectioP, , ni the largo quilty of stores of all kinds n-¿sg_» for the use of the hirds on the voyage. Kqual anvioti vUBCViuccd by Captain Gray? vTho diloicSt in his power to land these iatcreating rlvangS luivty, TEE VOYAGE OP THE GREAT BRITAIN» The lato voyage of the screw steamer Great Bri- tain from Liverpool to Melbourne in 55 days Iß 1 oursfrom theRockLighttothc anehorngoin Hob i CU'B Bay,has excited great interest in the colonies, ! s being tho fastest by some houis ever accom- plished between England and Victoria, and by ffur days between Liverpool and Melbourne. H er run from day to day and her course will bo ten from the ship's log, which we append j but a few particulars of the voyngo will not be without interest both for home and colonial readers. The Great'Britain sailed from tho Mersey on the forenoon of Sunday, tlio 11th December, » 1869\. under the command of Captain John Gray, so long and so favourably known in tho Mclbourno passenger trade. At 1.30" p.m. (he Rock Light was passed, mut the pilot dis (hnrged, and the Great Britain steamed out into the Channel before astrongsouth-easterly bree/.o. MoelfraBay, now associated withi-o many sad iccollcctions, was passed early in tho afternoon, s ml soon after dusk Holyhead Lights were passed. At4 am. on tho following moining Tuskarwas left behind, and in tho course of tho forenoon the Irish land was lost sight of. Tho last of Erin's blue hills visiblo woro thoso that cradle flic sweet Avoca, so celebrated by Moore. Tho Bay of Biscay was crossed under sail, with a i'no north-easterly breezo and a smooth BO',' li o wind holding until the 17th, when it fill light, and steam was again employod. I On iho evening of the 18th, off Madeira, in extraordinary display of electrieity took, I place. Soon after sunset a thick threatening i rcy cloud stole up apainst the wind, covering tho sky, and in a few moments nftervvardB the whole heuvenB were lighted np by flashes, of pale blue lightning, that leapt from cloud to cloud, or asFumcd the form of suns, and dazzled tho oye with tho intensity of its momentary blazo, or quivered like tho Archangel's sword beforo the tates of Paradise. This electrical storm lasted for some hours, and as the baromoter continued to fall, everything was made Miug for a storm. About 3 o'clock on the following morning tho tloim burst in fury from the S.W., and m an licur oftorwards so heavy a cioss-sea had gob up that steaming ahead was dangerous, and the slip was hove-to under steam foi 12 hours, rolling luavily, hut throwing oß the seas with the ease peculiar to tho Great Britain. _ Thisi «ns tlio only unfavourable pale experienced, throughout the voyage, experiencing; only a few (lajs of light N.B. trades, sailing insido the Cape de Verde Islands, and passing haiid-over- hanil ivery vessel she sighted. Tho Great Britain ircsscd the Line on the morning of the 29th oí Bictmber (the 18th day out), m 20.47 W. Ion., 1 r.ving up to that date made an average speed o£ '¿'¿'6 nautical miles per day. The S.E. trades wcio met about three degrees to the north of the Line, and wero carried pretty far i-outli, for the i cosen, but they wero extremely light. Trini dada wns sighted on the morning of the 4th o£ Jonuaiy, and the longitude of tho Capo was i cached on the 35th day out. From 28th o£ Decimbcr to 16th of January (lat. 42dcg. S4m., long, lfldeg. C9m.), the average daily speed rose fo iC6 miles, and from ICth of January to 5th of Feliuary, the day of her arrival in the Bay, the Ftliuary, the day of her arrival in the Uoy, tue average daily speed was 285 miles. Tho total length of tho voyage was 13,405 mileB, accom plithcd at an average speed of 275 miles per day. lum tho time tho Liverpool pilot left till llie Bay pilot came on board at the Hcads Stinm alone was employed for 8 days 11 hours, cnil and steam combined for 15 dayB 11 hours, and tail alone for 31 days l8 hours. It will bo ob teived from her log that tho Great Britain ore her run from tho longitude of the Cape of Good Dope did not go to the south of the 44th parallel ! of latitude. She met on this part of her course líe most favourable weather, with good breezes furn S.W., W., and N.W., running as many as 327 and 328, and on one occasion, under sail nie ne, 345 nautical miles in 24 hours. In the heaviest weather tho Great Britain proved her- self an admirablo sea-boat, her unusual breadth of beam giving her great stability, and enabling her to stand up under btudiling-sails, when, other largo clippers wero unde-r reefed top i-nilF. Nothing could exceed iho kindness and attention shown by Captain Giny to all classes of his passengeis, and the latter gave mniked expression to their appuciation of his personal courtesy and professional ability. _ On the day beforo Cape Otway was sighted, a highly cexnphmentary address was pretcntcd to Captain Giny by the saloon passengers, and a purso con- taining 60 sovereigns. J. B. Bui roll, Esq., of Aithnr's Seat, an old and much-estcemed colo nift, was chairman, and the Venerable J. M'Encroe, Archdeacon of Sydnoy, was spokes- man on tho occasion. Addrebses from the se- cond cabin ami intermediate passengers wero alf« presented to Captain Grav on tho samo day. The officers of the Great Britain on this me »íerable voyage were:-1st, Jlr. Brown (for- merly of the Ellen Stewart) ; 2nd, Mr. Petor !«n ; 3rd, Mr. G. Peterson ; 4th, 11 r. Liddell. Chief-engineer, Mr. Beamish. Hate. Winds. i Courses. «J Lat. LO0(f. It». Veg. nog. Bo*. DticmlMr 12 N.AV.byAY. 4 B. 81 W. 212 61.22 7.17 IS NKE. ! S. 39 AV sor. 48.27 îo.oo 14 N.1C. by E 8 S. 10 W. 10(i 46.21 1127 16 HE. G S. 20 AY. 232 41.08 14.15 l8 E.N.E. 8 S. 22 AV. 104 38 C8 16.41 17 SE.byE. Variable. 6 S. 28 AV. '241 3510 17.8C l8 4 S. 26 "W. 178 32.10 10.10 IS W. by 8. 8 d. 27- E. 101 31.0 18.14 20 Variable 7 S. 20 AV 14! .28.47 10.1 S 21 Variable. 4 S 26 W. 103 26,21 20.40 22 8.SAV. 8 S. 7 E. 21.1 22.64 2012 23 VarUble. 2 S. 8 W. 228 10.18 20.23 24 N.E. by E. 6 S. 1W. 221 15 33 20.28 2S NE. 4 S.2W 174 12 30 20 38 2« E.N.E. S S. 2 AV. 20] 010 20.31 2V Vari» bio, i S. 201 6 58 20.3,t 28 Variable 2 S.13E 221 1.23 10.42 2U S SE. <. S. 19W. Mi 0.14 20.45 30 S.E. i S. »SE. 22Í 3.30 28 0 I860. January 31 S.E.byE. 4 S.80W. 214 0.44 24.5.1 1 SE. 4 S. 24 AV. 20/ 0.61 20\. J fi 2 SE. 3 S. 24 AV. 22 13.20 27.62 8 SE. 4 S. 7AV. 221 17.1 2S.1S 4 E S.E. 8 S. 2 AV. 241 21.7 28 33 6 E.S.E. 8 S. 10E 22Í 2140 27 21 0 S.S. 13. 2 S. 17 E. 21 '¿ 28 8 20.9 7 S. hy E. i S.24E. 104 31.0 24.10 8 E. 4 S.10E. 2J! 34.53 23.21, «J N. ß S. ME 231 30.52 10.21 10 S.W. by AV. 4 S.70E 224 37 48 14.41» 11 S.E. by E. 3 S.87E. 201 37.60 10.30 12 E.byN. 3 S. 07 E. «¿2. 30 25 0.1S 13 M. by E. 0 S.64E. 311 42.20 0.43 14 AV. 0 S. 84 E. 80. 12.60 0.0 16 AV.S.AV. G N. 81 K 201 42.13 12.4Ï 10 w. 4 S.77E. 191 42 54 10.50 17 N.W. 0 S.88E. 204 42.60 22 60 l8 Ä» 0 S. 88 E. K21 13 0 30\. S 10 w: 0 S.81E. 27t 43 50 30.30 20 N.W.hyW, 4 E. 221 43 51 41.48 21 Variable 8 S. 84 E. 214 43.60 40.43 22 Variable 5 N 83 E. 201 43.40 62.20 23 W.S.W. 0 S.80E. 32Í 14.80 00.10 ' 24 W. S E. 2&5 41.43 67.00 25 W. 5 N 88 E. 252 44.86 78.00 20 N. i S. 87 E. 201 41.46 70.0 27 28 20 N. hy W. N.N.AV. w N W. 6 0 4 N.S0E. E. S. 86E 301 si; 274 14 26 44.27 44.2 80.0 04.10 100.80 30 W. by>7. n N 88 E. 200 13.64 107.11 Fcliuary 81 1 W. bl N. AV.N.W. a i S 84 E. N 87 E. 204 21)1 44 21 44,7 118.18 124.0. 120.46 2 N.W.bjW.I 6 S. 83 E. 200 43.32 S W.S.W. 6 N.00E. ¡M4 41.66 182.42: ?i S.SW. 6 N.70E 28C 40.20 138.15 6 S.W. | 4| N.72E. 204 38.69 113.4X1 I INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH- li The fifth annual Cricket Match betwoon tho t icked elevens of Victoria anti New South Wales', i was played in Melbourne, on iho 2nd, 3rd, and 41h of February, and resulted in a victory to the i conger colony by C9 runs. Tho score at the fi.ll of the lost wickot stood thus :- Victoria, first ir nings, 50; second do., ¡99; total, 1Ö5. Now ¡¡culb Wales, first innings, 44; second do., 42: total. 8b. Tho decidid inferiority of the j S-'jdncy Eleven in batting mainly contributed to I their defeat, thero being no very innihed differ I (see between the bowling of tho two i ides, while i in point of fielding tlio Victorians wero ainpassoJ. i ly iheir antagonists. It is but just to statu i (lint several of tho best cricketers .'n New South , 11 alts did not play this year, s.o that in 18Ü1,. , when tho venue of the next mnteh will bo Syd I nj, a much closor struggle may bo anticipated. CmiplaintB wero mildool tho roughness of tho in und where tho wickers wero pn ched, which I cuusid the ball frequently to bump. Wo aro not. l.iwiver, prepaied to affirm that Ibis ciroum sliiicc did not opcrato equally to tlio dibadvan I are of both sides. ' Of the flvo matches playeil between iho two j tolcniis, Victoria has won three. Tbo two first Wire passed to the credit of New South Wules. , ]D lbCC, Now South Walts won with threo wxla'ts to fall, tho totals being 02 mid 91} anti ii If C7 "by b3 nins, when the tones wera 166 II d 101. in 1838, at .Melbourne, tlio Victorians i ( nqilctely turned the ttibltn, and won tho male'» willi 171 luns to spare, tho totals being 297 and j lib. The contest in lüñl», jib Sydney, was very i!uc,riiicl the excitement ¡utilise. Itwnswon by ¡ li o Victorians, v¡til two wiihcls to fall. Tho ttlslswero 141 and 140. Tho hiehist number 1 icoicd by, tho New SimtbWales Eleven in one ' iriJngB was 86, and in o' match 1G0; while in i 1118, Uni Melbourne Elchen runde 238 in their j iiUnd hands, and 297 in all.i _ I Sliose who most disiinguif-hed thf-nwelves 14 tho lato match on the Now South AValos side woro-in batting, Gilbert (captain), Hilliard, and Murray ; in bowling/Ittcharjlson and Murray. Brown acquitted himsolf admirably at the wicket, as did Marshall for Victoria," whoso best bats .« ero Wills (captain), Wray, Hammersley. Hud dlcstono. and Morree; and bowlers, Wills, El- liott, and Bryant. The fact o£ six Syduoy wie kefs going down for 8 runs m the second innings, ex- emplifies " the'glorious uncertainty of tho gamo.' 1 Tho interest which is always taken hy the Vic toi ian publio in theso annual contests, was f i creator this year than over, for both colonies h id won two matches each. In Sydney, wo leam tha each day tho telegraph and newspaper offices wero constantly besieged by anxious inquirers a to the progress of the game. When the fina, announcement was made, tho nativo elompii developed itself by tearing down tho ohnoxiou1 plncards, and venting its disappointment it highly expressive but not strictly reportable lau. guage. Wo have not yot learned how the dis coinflted warriors wore ícceived on thoir return The match was attended by a very largo num bor of persons of all classes, as the receipts at tin .gates, wliich reached to nearly £1,000, testify Alis Excellency Sir Ilonry Barkly was proseni each day, and on the Friday lunched with tin , players. A numbor of our leading legislator also received invitations, mo3t of which wero ac cepted. Tho Governor made tho following soasi ,ble and well-timed lemarks m proposing the toon ( of "The Cricketers of Australia :"- "Ilo fcltgreti pleasuro in proposing that toast, partly becauso i afforded him an opportunity of complimontiai his Sydnoy Monds, who, with indomitable oou a-ago, lind again visited them to contest the palm of victory, and also becauso ho was pleased to b able thus to com ey his public recognition of th noblo, manly, and national game of cricket. Som persons had blamed thom for paying too much at tention.to that ¡raino, and had said that they undi moro fuss with it in tho colony than was done ii the mother country. Ho, himself, was an arden admirer and lover of cricket, not merely beoa'is ho was an old 'cricketer himsolf, not bocnuso i wai a popular and national game, nor yet booms lie then bud boys of his own at a public scho J who wero oriokotors also ; but becauso ho con . sidoiod that as a game which materially contri butcd lo good physical development, it was on which would conduce to tho benefit and advance mont of the colony. All history proved that nation cortld not remain great and poworfu unless duo attention woro paid to this importa.i duty, lio would not only íefer to thoir ow native 'tight littlo island,' whoso supromao and predominance wore duo in no slight dogro to tho superior physical development of its man but ho would ask thom to direct their attention t ancient Groeoo and Koine, and thoy would fia that as long as Ihey paid due attention li healthy exerciso, and ¡njprepariug themsolvo3 fo arduous conflicts and encounters, thoy romaino. free, great, and powerful; but as soon as the became effeminate, and employed hired glndia tors to fight for them, they became woak, im potent, and degraded. Modern history taugh thom the samo lesson. Tho Pope recently pro hibitcd fox-hunting in his dominions becauso i Jirincess complained to him that her son had g» íurt. Ho (Sir Hem y Barkly), however, main tftinod, that thoy would bo better fitted to mun tain their own liberty, freedom, and indopoa dence, by paying duo attention to such health and invigorating games os cricket." A number of sports supplementary to th match, which consisted chiefly of every variot of runniug aud jumping, took place on the 6th Tho prijics offered woro of considei.iblo value and wore gonerally much admiied. A novels in tho slîapo of a handicap race, to be compote for only by tho Champion Elevens, w as won bj Mr. Hammersloy, who received seven j arils star in MO. Murray, who received 13, ran second. Tho serious business of cricket being disposo of, the players of both colonies gavo tlicnisolvo up to enjoyment, and dinners and pic-nici oca i pied each day until the departure of the Sydno Blovon on tho Thursday succeeding the m itch Thoy woro escorted to the steamer by o numbj of Yictouan cricketers, aud loudly cheered upai oasliug off. It may not be generally known to our English readers that a liberal offer has been sent to the All England Eleven by the enterprising caterers Messrs. Spiers and Pond, if they will visit Aus- tralia next year. Our players are burning to meet such noble foemen, and we do not speak boastfully when we affirm that they will cut a much better figure than any of the American twenty-twos did last year. SPOUTING. The autumn racing season is rapidly approach iug. The two metropolitan meeting!, w. ill bo held one in tho prosont, and tho other in tho followin month. The pubUc tako very little interest i racing now, and many supporters of tho tui have declared their determination to havo nt thing moro to do with it until an oxtonsivo put galion has talton plaoo. Theso good rosolves ar not likoly to bo shakon, as long as certain porsoa remain oflioo-boarors in ono of the clubs, or unti tho subscription betting-room becomes somewhti moro soleet. Two numbers of a now we3kl journal, ontitlcd, Siwrling Life in Victoria, h.iv mado thoir appearance. The articles and report aro written with ability, aud evidently by soriba who know their .subjects. The prospectus pro mises that the contributors will not pander to i depraved taste in sport, nor connivo at nofari ous piaotices on or off tho turf, or hesitato to visi thom with unsparing "censure. Wo trust thes premisos will bo carried out. If they are, w shall not despair of witnessing a thorough reforn in turf matters. - . AMUSEMENTS. Opera lins been the mam feature of the montl at tho Theatro Royal. Tho success of the Bi anchis has boen most decided. They havo ap penrod in " II Troviitoro," " La Trnviata," " Lu orena Borgia," and in selections from " Ernani, and " I Lombardi." Signora Bianchi is a groa favourite with tho Melbourne public, no singe »ince the days of Miss Catherine Hayes and AL« dame Bishop having achieved, so genuino a popu kiritv. Much of thit> is no doubt to bo allributoi to tho finish of bcr acting. Signer Bianchi on , joys the roputatiou of being tho most poworfu ti nor wo havo yet heard in Vbtoria. Apropos o tho opera, the first season terminated on Satur day night lost, and neither " Rigolelto," " At tila," nor " Norma," had then been producod. I wns supposed, for sufficient reasons, that a socon »enson would havo followed, in tho courso o vi hie h the original managerial programme woul httv obeen ittlcast partially completed. " Itigolotto was announoed, and tho musical world was gra tifio and expectant. It now appears that tho manage ment had lockonedwithoutit« host, and that goo J natured animal, the Public, in again to be suori ficcd to tho caprice or the selfislmoss of artist who havo boon spoilt by flattery and suoooss This is the old story a thousand times repentoil and tho ropotition of the abuse may bo por io di ctlly looked for until by the pressure of publi opinion a popular singer can bo brought to til consciousness of tho tact that tho strnightfor ward and honourable fulfilment of his ongage ments is as essential to him as it H to a, morchaat and that without it ho may bo paid, but ii, rospootcd. ns a professional man. It is but jin to add that thoso remarks are not intonded fot tho Bianohis, who it io well known havo worked hat d in the causo of music fiom the first. In ordo to próvido somo equivalent attraction in theplaoi 1 of the opera, thesorvice» of Miss Avonia Jones, i young Amoiioan tragedian, have been secured to ' the Theatre Koy al. Sho has already played a brio but successful engagement in Molbourno, and wil ' . ' ranko her re-appenrauce in about a fortnight o , . ton days, At both lho Princess's and tho Pan thcon Theatres light comedy and burlosquo con ' " tinuo to form the htaplo commodities, and i " ' ' almost seems that nothing else will prevail fo i 'i somo time to come." At the former the burlosqu ,i ,i of i" Pluto and Proierpino" has had a lengthanei \ loin, the success boiug attributable chiefly to Mis *'"" Fanny Young (Proserpine), the clovor mako-u] Mt i hi' t'-'of^our well-known 'professional and politio.i « .?- a íícblebrlticH, and tho excellent Boono-painting o '. -"Mr. Tanuclt. At' 1 the Pantheon, Creinora . ' Oavdens, the " Willow Pattern Plato," "Coar.i 1 anil Medor.t," and "Itomco and Juliet," hiv i. - becu successfully produced. " Princo Doms" i ' to follow immediately. Messrs. Rogcifl, Har '^woocl, and Dunn, and Mifcsots Moi timor and K-îi * Edouin, have filled the principal rôles. Cromorn ' -. Gardens ' aro largely dovotcd to occasion: < fêles, for which they aro the fuvourit "scene. As nn instance of tho exception use to which the', stage in.iy bo' put, may b mentioned the lionising of Joseph Itodgeurg, th ' ' seaman, to whoso heroic exertions so many o 1 tho pnssougeis by tho ill-rated Beyal Oluric owed thoir lives. At Cromóme especially, Hi . » . proceedingi, which woro looked upon m ,< "dodue" to fill the pockets of tho nianagomjul gavegrcftt ofrenco to numbers, and havo bjo severely rebuked by tho Press. It was ur/o that polkas, pantomimes, firoworks, tlio " sod i evil, Mid shipwreck hardly consorted agiocaV together. ,-t Hodgeurs was presented^ with a purse of 4 I ' . sovereigns on Wednesday night, on tho utago c , i 'J the Theatre- Itoyal. Mr. G. V. Brooke lins go i i ' . for r. brief period to Beechworth. Mr. I1 ,\ ) ?' Youogo ha« been "starring" at Ballarat, »a .. i ' ?> Mr. Mid Mrs. Claranco Holt have been perform ; lag to gopd 'houses at the Princess's. Signo » j.i. «adBigiiora Bianchi, Mr.'Farquharson, and iii . r Winterootton (conductor, at the Theatre Roy-ilj havo'each talton behcStSt * . * COMMERCIAL. ? All reports on tho commercial conditiou of tin colony havo for somo timo boc»' necessarily oE on unsatisfactory characíei\$4.oj shippers. A review of tho transactions of tho past month while following in tho same suite, affords a fow (.limpsos of hope. Our last summary left at a t mo of no inconsiderable pressure, brought about by overtrading, increasing stocks and £upplios, with decreasing specie and a falling off in tho yield of our principal article of export gold. Suspensions wero daily taking placo, aní many firms were struggling, somewhat hop >. lessly, against tho downward tondency whic'i threatened to exert so ruinous an influonco on fio value of marketable, securities. Although money has not increased, nor trade revived to any extent, a healthier feeling now pre- vails. Tho impending! 'pnnio has not burst over iho market, and confidence lins shown some symptoms of a revival. . There havj hem no largo transactions, and goods re- main heavily in importore' hands; but, in tho uggregnto, the daily business has not beon incon r-idernblo, and tho banks havo shown less hoäita tion with regard to accommodation. Tho aggregate averages of the banks trading I in the colony of Victoria for tho fourth quarter of 1S59, taken from tho separate weokly avor- I tiges, wero as follow ¡-Liabilities-Notes in cir- culation, £2,003,9015 ; bills in circulation, ¡660,437; I balances duo to other banks, £185,831 ; dopoiiU not bearing interest, £1,G25,377 ; deposits hair- ing interest, £4,085,744 ; total amount of liabili- ties, £8,807,298. Assets, coin, £1,755,071 ; bul- lion, £üá_,913; landod property, £451,0)); notes and bills of other hanks, £174,01} ; bnlances duo from other banks, £305,303 ; Go . vernment securities, £20,209; debts .duo to banks, £9,400,450; total assets, £12,746,233. Capital account :-Capital paid up, £6,074,5JJ ; average ruto of last divielend, 12 per oaiii. (for eight banks); amount of hist dividend i £354,025; reserved profits, £1,275,496. Com- paring the principal items with thoso of tho third quarter of the samo year, we find an in- crease in notes in circulation of £71,353, nu in a enso in deposits not bearing interest of .£165,01)'), au inorease in deposits bearing interest of £51,831, au increase in liabilities of £205,536, a decrease in coin of £00,747, an increase in bullion of £151,991, an increase in debts duo to tho ban'u of £17,850, and an inorease in assets of £157,877. For tho purpose of affording a comparison ex- tending over-a longer ponod, we havo compUo.1 tho following table, showing tho aggregate qutr te rly averages of the banks for two years ondiag the 31st December, L839. The sums set down against tho various designations represent tin trndo of the colony only, with tho exception of tho last three items, which include tho capital a> tonnt of nil tho banks and branches : 1st 2nd J 3rd 4th 1st ~ _ Ird 4th Quarter, , Quarter, Quarter, Quarter, Quarter, ? »ter, Quirter, Quarter, 1858. 1858. 1853. 1853. 1859. li 9. 1359. 1859. £ £ . £ £ A, £ £ Notes in circulation 2,121,588 2,054,447 1,993,274 2,005,097 1,052,193 1,91R,801 l,f32,553 2,003,900 79,002 81,093 53,446 84,012 70,233 59,711 05,052 00,437 Deposits not bearing' in } 0,017,446 f 1,203,655 ( 4,501,405 1,250,812 1,300,600 1,001,804 1,429,442 1,400,317 1,625,377 Do. bearing interest 4,421,434 4,001,515 4,611,510 4,902,578 4,133,940 4,035,744 Total liabilities .. 8,523,217 8,264,047 7,93S,303 8,211,051 8,457,091 8,530,442 8.(61,762 8,807,293 2,005,170 1,9S4,257 2,129,843 2,171,188 2,307,032 2,303.496 .,«15.818 1,755,071 Bullion. 633,130 493,038 492.225 621,241 413,561 402,818 iS0,O22 632,913 Landed property.. 351,444 371,054 3S0.570 313,351 413,932 425,168 430.814 451,690 Government securities .. 280,885 226,580 185,280 153,918 33,450 10.352 31162 20,209 Debts duo to banks 7,562,428 7,716,676 7,999,243 8,153,678 8,301,732 8,740,791 9,«8,694 9,400,450 Total assets 11,305,863 11,185,108 11,586,793 11,851,358 12,033,707 12,293,434 12,(88,407 12,740,285 Paid-up capital 6,423,894 6,450,057 5,601,121 5,692,594 5,797,511 5,853,134 6,161,437 0,074,539 Amount of lost dividend 354,333 358,500 330,007 359,892 366,625 391,825 »79.825 354,625 deserved profits .. 1,228,359 1,259,939 1,185,470 1,209,005 1,234,832 1,232,912 1,!85,641 1,275,496 Tho returns of all the banks for tho fourth quniter of 1859 havo been published in tho Ùazctte, in accordance with the Act of Council. I'or tho purposo of affording a comparison, we subjoin lists showing the averages, separately, of tho mno banks trading in this colony : BANK OP AUSTRALASIA. Fourth Quartors. 1858\. 1859. Notes in circulation .. .. £430,603 £391,150 Bills in circulation . .. 27,405 13,491 Deposits, not hewing intorcst 302,604 201,103 Do., hearing interest .. 013,700 1,071,417 Total liabilities .. .. 1,070,240 1,770,271 Coin. 647,028 401,875 Bullion. 03,138 '112.0DJ Landed property .. .. 79,834 70,992 Notes and tulls of other banks 41,385 27,010 Dohtsduotothobank .. 1,447,653 1,430,103 Total assets. 2,209,540 2,102,071 UNION BANK or AUSTRALIA. Notes in circulation .. .. £316,120 £281,247 Bills In circulation .. .. 19,805 22,213 Balanced duo lo other banks 2,690 - Doposits, not bearing interest 180,210 180,520 Ditto, bearing intorcst .. 700,104 707,813 Total liabilities .. .. 1,287,240 1,281,33 t Coln . 325,581 2J3.018 Bullion. 00,694 110,601 Landed properly .. .. 41,685 01,890 Nutos and bills of other hanks 21,778 80,3)2 Balam;« s duo from other banks 2,270 - Dobts due to the bank .. 1,080,270 1,529,172 Total assets. 2,138,095 l,932,0i9 BASK OP VICTORIA. Notes in circulation .. .. £420,858 £377,232 Bills in circulation .. .. 12,108 14,030 Balances duo to o'.hcr banks. 158,787 93,707 Deposits, nut bearing interest 600,006) , ,.»,,, Loposlts, bearing interest .. 005,693 J 1«iol'i1'0 Total liabilities .. .. 1,703,613 1,741,204 Coin. 350.0SI 274,027 Bullion. 151,032 110,012 Oovernmont securities .. 100,131 6,500 Lauded proporty .. .. 76,019 85,659 Notes and bl Is of othor hanks 32,012 23,250 B-laneos duo from other banks. 178,822 173,40« Debts duo to tho bank .. 1,373,471 1,061,161 Total assets. 2,276,103 2,343,55t BANK OP NEW SOOTJJ WALKS. Notes In circulation .. .. £311,349 £293,62f Bills In circulation .. .. .1,711 601 Balun«-» due to other banks 22,018 53,270 Deposits, not hearing Intel est 308,003 312,375 Do., bearing Interest.. .. 600,073 655,200 Total liabilities .. .. 1,204,051 1,220,0.10 Coln.800,739 271,828 Bullion. 192,711 85,032 Government securities .. 49,807 14,708 Landed property .. .. 40,828 49,503 Nutes and billsof othcrbanks 14,704 19,500 Balances duo from other banks . 9,780 11,830 Dobts duo to the bank .. 054,800 1,32',011 Total assets. 1,479,437 1,770,080 COLONIAL BAIÍK oif AUSTRALASIA. Notes in circulation ., .. £167,070 £141,20$ Bills in circulation . .. 3,520 2,241 Bvlauces duo to other hanks 22,091 22,889 Deposits, bearing Interest «097,807 752,393 Towl liabilities .. .. 882,050 918,787 Coin.' 270,778 153,503 Bullion._ 12,401 14,305 landed property .. .. 38,800 40,070 Notus and Dills of other banks 13,407 14,312 Balances duo from other banks . 89,020 " 80,078 Dobts duo to tho bank .. 803,638 030,421 Total assets. 1,233,014 1,285,448 LONDON CUAHI-RHO BANK, Notes in circulation .. .. £167,882 £118,475 Bills in circulation .. .. 0,143 2,477 Balances duo to other banks 3,657 5,207 Doposits, bearing interest .. 800,052 333,155 Total liabilities .. .. 657,635 514,378 Coln. 174,620 131,36« Bullion. 83,258 22,511 Landed property.30,335 63,078 JNotcsaud bills of other banks 12,001 13,805 Debts duo to tho bank .. 802,678 810,203 Total assets.' '1,053,045 1,027,351 OaigiTA- BANK COBFORATION. f\ * Notes in circulation .. .. £160,766 £230,50! Bills in circulation .. .. 13,251 7,307 Balances duo lo other bankB , 610 1,017 Doposits, not bearing Interest , 722 010 Do., bearing Intorcst.. .. ,878,887 605,802 Total liabilities .. .. ,649,229 830,320 Coln . 144,050 191,390 Bullion. 63,000 103,223 Landed proporty .. .. 63,675 52,003 No esuud billsof other banks 0,807 14,033 B» anees duo " from other banks. , 5,340 30,103 Dobts due to tho bank .. 704,00i 905,31) Total asset«.. 070,788 1,330.717 EMILUSH, SCOTTISH, AND Aowt-UAs (JBARTBRKD 1ÎVX1I. Notes In circulation .. .. £40,612 £54,795 Balances duo to other hanks 401 1,711 Deposit.-, bearing interest .. 203,720 205,001 Total llabllitlck .. .. 249,703 822,'llll Coin . «70,403 43,181 Bullion. ; 8,100 35,417 Landed property .. .. 57,147 27,117 Notes and bills«! othor banks " 4,787 6,211 Balances duo from other ' *" banks. 4,058 3,751 Debts into to tho bank ... .-"Î03,"78I S0i,«8!3 3 dal assets .. .'. .. , 393,889 432,012 NATIONAL BASE OF AUSTRALASIA. Notes in circulation .. £3,037 107,551 Bills in circulation .... 2 1,019 ».»lances duo to othor banks 2,111 6,975 Deposita, not bearing interest 5,482 00,562 Do., bearing intorost .. 00,601 47,035 Total llibllltios .. .. 101,086 "O.'ÍOT Coln . 2,433 43,001 Bulliin. - 31,737 Landed property .. ..---- S, Vii Ncitcs and billsof othor banks, . 1,213. 17,024 Balance« duo from othor' ' ) ' * liankR.. ."..'. .. ..' 05,750 18,17» llcbts duo to the bank - .. 28,007 236,43) Total assets . 97,401 893,821 Uuriug tlio month largo suniB havo boon re- ceived in Australian f,ovoreigns from tho Sydnoy branch of tho lloyal Mint, to supply tho placo of ,tho British sovereigns which woro shipped away ?:it tho closo of last and the commencement of thj current year. A supplementary voto has sinoj been introduced into tho Estimates to próvido tlio necessary funds for tho establishment of a n.int in this colony. - It is felt on nil sides that ioniothing is necessary to bo dono to put an on 1 to tho combinations among tho banks whioh lea 1 to those fluctuations in tho prices of raw gold, which aro altogether unaceountablo to the minor and to tho outside public. 'With such an institu- tion tho standard price, less tho cost of coiunge, will bo obtaiuablo at all times by the producer. In Melbourne thoro is at present very little doua, tho banks being ready buyers on tho gold-fields «v'. rates based upon from £3 11s. Od. to 61 l«ls. 9d. por ouiico for standard gold. Tua hullion brokers quote the following ratos for tho various sorts of tho metal now offering : - l'or Livingstone, G7s. to 72s. ; Omeo, 68s. to 71s. Cd. ; Pleasant Creek and Goulburn, 74s. to 75s. ; Boggy Creek, Sandhurst, Castloinainí, and Jim Crow, 75s. to 70s. ; Maryborough, Du- nolly, Avoca, Amhorst, fiery Crook, and Ara r it, 70s. Cd. to 77s. Gd. j Ovens and Yaokandand iii, 7Gs. Cd. to 78s. Gd. ; Ballarat, 77s. Gd. to 7ás. Cd. per oimcc. i Tho returns from the gold-fiolcls havo boen uni- formly low this year. The totnl for Inst woak amounted to 27,073.}oz. only. Tho total for th J corresponding week of last year was 32,093li_. Tho weekly avorago of tho past year was 42,40/on. Tho averago for tho first quarter of tho yonr w.n 41,il82oz. ; for tho second, 44;417oz. ; for tin third, 44,623oz. ; and-for tho fourth quart jr, 3i),084oz. 'i'hat for tho current year, up to date, bus boon only 37,01Goz. In the following table a comparison is givon of tito roturas o£ tho currant year and its predecessor : Naroo ol'Gold-Held. 1 1800. oz. dwt. 1850. oz. d*'t. Castlomalno .. 4,630 10 4,650 0 .Itlaekwood 849 0 315 0 JInldon. 1,707 10 3,300 10 Sandhurst 8,012 0 8,851 10 Maryborough .. 008 10 070 0 .Avoca .. 2,037 10 8S0 0 "Hack Crock .. ' 2,518 10 -. Ballarat 2,463 0 7,254 10 «Fiery Crook .. 261 0 763 0 1,605 10 8,237 0 «Ploasant Creek 1,000 10 1,211 0 ''Smythesdale 5,074 0 - Totals for tho wooka .. - 1,050 0 27,078 10 82,093 1« Jan.-First wook 40,025 10 44,170 0 Second wcok .. 82,000 10 80,275 10 Third wooli 46,703 10 53,351 10 Fourth wook .. 82,900 0 31,807' Fob.-First wook 84,634 0 60,014 10 | Total« for tho yoars .. 222,078 0 250.718 0 Tho oacort returns marked * are fortnightly, tho rest weoklv. Tho shipments for the week have been as follow : By the Hilton, for Bombay .. Lightning, fur "Ltverpjol .. FatrllRht, for Calcutta Lincoln-lure, for London .. Previous shipments corroeted by comparison with tho ontries passed at tho Customs 2,030 13.470 3,301 21,8'T 171,040 Total.214,742 Or 8 tons l8 cut. 3qr. 201b. 2oz. troy, of-tho value, at £i per ounce, of .£S38,9GS. Up to tho corresponding dato of last year, tho shipment; amounted to 278,980 ounces, or 11 tons 12cw" lqr. 231b. lOoz., of the vahío, at the same rate, of £1,115.944. In the following tablo tho quantities brought into Melbourne by the escorts from all tho gold- fields are givon for three months ending on Saturday. In tho last column will ho found tho total for tho corresponding period of 1838-59 : - . ' .3 ?2S 5o OS " 3 X g 5 o 1859. g1 i3 ¿3 g H g S ~ ¿3 Ia ê 5 M Ö ° 2 < b p. Vuv. 19 10,064 _ 502 S501 5104 _ 3519 1615 1114 Nov. 20 5,483 3730 \- 18053 3900 >302 _ .904 Dec. S.". 0,471 . CÛ0-7200 45S0 - 591 :"249 475 lee. 10 4,140 17Û0 \- 0725 4312 16S2 2350 _ 1312 Dec. 17 Ô.84S \-- 452 6741 4563 - 511 1-179 750 Dec. 21 5,44« 1758 - 6395 4901 3055 C53 - 400 Dec. 31 40,904 - 251 1855 2074 - 2545 22S0 553 1S60. Tan. 7.. 7,673 2560 - 4751 5400 2017 _ _ lotis Ian. 14 7,307 £51 gS05 7277 -905 2418 1303 Ian. 21 4.897 1888 \- 10624 1770 3617 1506 _ 1276 fan". 2S 9,050 - 251¡6128 4760 - 472 2547 1228 Feb. 4.. 3.063 5578 \- ¡6364 1S43 2028 804 _ 201 Feb. 11 7,527 251 3912 1 4536 1798 26SS 909 2432 : 3981 S ; < 51813151 \- 16207 450;5023 \- ¡3S5S 45313638 \- 3009 00315413 J i¿ "'jí a b à g S 5 «5 S rs -. i-i co is 3 S o 1 Is 1 ¿¿ "3 -3 1 -". ä S ;-> « H H 2197 _ _ _ _ 37.334 30,332 i 10,481 -ÍS9 1739 l<147 45,620 44,360 2820 - - - -. 33,550 C0.Ó5S - 10,850 284 1753 1033 47,024 4S.860 3S92 Ï2.338 35,957 - 10,S2S 1218 12d7 350 47,509 45,102 3600 - - - - 30,210 34,592 _ 11,729 444 1405 S53 49,620 44.170 2901 - - - - 32,007 36,276 - 8,654 221 909 399 45,794 53,352 3463 - - - - 32,990 34,807 - 8,169 897 1478 544 34,5St 50,015 2556 27,074 32,093 495,762 535,576 The separate amounts given in this table giva evidence that tho fnlling-olTis n very general one, from whatever cause arising. Tho mfluenoo of the protracted drought has been soveroly folt, and tho 48 new joint-stock companies, now en- gaged in thoir preliminary worko, havo draftol off largo numbers of tho mining population, with- out as yet yielding any corresponding rotura. In tho following table, compiled by Mossrs. William Clarke and Sons, tho exports of tho i metal aro given monthly, from tho beginning of | 1852 to tho close of last year. Proviously to 1852 only 145,140 ounces lind been shipped. 1852. 1858-. 1854\. 1855. On. Ozs. Ozs. Oz«. January 100,470 205,002 178,14* 180.91T Fobruary .. 153,502 180,070 200,28« 187,271 March 107,400 100,450 232,011 130.0Í! April 02,512 147,041 110,077 320,903 May 01,075 169,041 237,145 132,715 .lune 162,242 170,200 140,758 235,213 July 170,411 185,730 200,669 199,911 291,023 August 172,030 223,129 144,183 September .. 101,183 318,071 173,280 253,935 October 213,300 176,209 82,217 232,707 Novotnbor .. 822,550 160,021 130,248 202,037 tiecemher .. .ratall .. .131,102 334,004 238,073 142,172 1,071,075 2,407,723 2,144,009 2,570,74» 1850. 1S67. 1818. 185». 07.9. Oat. Oi-s. Oil. January 310,550 300,001 200,70« 1BI.403 robruary .. 210r6-|7 188,505 220,700 182,502 March .. 320,740 212,057 224,717 200,551 April - 283,606 '¿50,030 171,891 188,301* May 233,821 104,071 210,814 100,971 June 100,508 101,353 176,002 240,031 July 187,320 217,880 235,287 182,009 August 32.1,020 197,452 238,588 213,17« September .. 242,929 249,920 137,102 223,444 October 207,533 820,3*5 221,010 102,83$ Novembjr .. 163,722 223,022 235,893 180,805 December .. Totals .. 359,550 197,001 170,015 204,014 3,003,811 2,720,055 2,530,983 2,280,5 % Tho following gold-shipi. havo boon despatched from tho port of Melbourne since January 1 :-? ¡ Date of Ship. Destination. Ounce« Sailing. Jan. 4 Wonga AV on«ra .. 3v ilncy .. 13,947 5 Bollo of tho West.. Hong Kong . 2,182 » '.> CityofSvdnoy .. Sidney .. 1,999 ,. T áuiMlc .. London .. 82,331 " 10 Wonga Wonga .. Hy -noy .. 4,071 ., li Columbian duez 8,247 ,, n Greyhound Liverpool 0,0)) " in City of Sydney . Sydnoy .. 0,472 " 23 Blackburn.. . .' Calcutta.'. 6,02) .. ' 24 Monarch .. London .. . ,29,1)1 " 24 .Vorwood .. landon . 9,41» " 24 ilcean Chief Liverpool S-.SU " 20 Wonga Wirnga .. ?lydnoy .. 5,000 ii 28 Montmorency .. London . 9.017 " Bl City of Sydnoy .. .lydney .. 7,953 Keb. 3 Hilton Bumbay.. 2,017 ., 8 l.lghtnitijf.. Liverpool . 13,411 ., » Lincolnshire l-ondon .. . 21,823 .. o fairlight. Calcutta 3,301 As wo havo already had occasion to notice, tin money market has becomo ¡ensior .and mor«) settled. The largo sums in the hands of mooor brokers, for iuYestai înt'i on: D lortgHgc, !?¡T0'0VÍ i < nee that capital is not wanting for othor than I nulling purposes. Even nt S per cent, any sum I might bo obtained at once if the security bj fni-t- clnss, with a moderate margin of valuo over the sum to bo secured. Tho class of capitalists who seek investments of this charactor hold I themselves aloof fiom commercial affairs, ii I which the jrisk is greater, jynd tho majority of i hose who "havo dabbled In" mining sharer I lmvo shown a strong disposition to realise mid retire from that market. Tlio ban'cs have noted with considerable caution dur- ing the late piessuvo in commercial oirolos ; and, as regards the minpig interest, they have maintained their determination to refuse tj le cognise shares nimming joint-stock compinia? I i s securities. It is to this determination that th_ check given to the mania is altogctltpr attri- I lutable. The soundness of tho judgment oxor citcd in the matter has been proved on moro thai cno occasion recently, when shareholders hava titsemblcd together to discover that nothing but -eiipcricnco had resulted to them for the sums in- | vested in "prospecting" unlikely ground, pur- chased under excitement at GO tunos ¡u ] value. Por a long time the sharo market will frei tho effect of tho mania, and the valu) of ^shares in genuino mulei takings will suffer cqiiilly with thoso of undigested bohèmes. It is ni ora , ti nu probable, however, that ' the inania will re- tín n with redoubled influence when tho dividends fiom legitimate enterprises, begin to pour in. Tho operation of bringing the market to its level will bo tho work of yoars. In business circles, periods of depression mara I or leBS severe follow, as a natural consequents, j an overgorged market threatened with iuoroasin; supplies. The heaviness which has npparonily passed away, must return, unloss somi- I thing Uko a reasonable ratio hetivoon our powers of consumption and our stocks is mniutainod. As exhibiting vory clearly tli3 chitted state of our warehouses, wo vontura on .repeating, and giving prominence to tli3 following computation of tho quantities of duii ablo goods at the closo of last year, with tho cxl culntions annexed to each nrticlo of tho turn such quantities would last at the present rat J o ; consumption :-Brandy, 10,112.4 hhds., 92 weeks; 100,024 cases, 78 weeks. Hum'; 2,700 hhds., 47_ weeks ; 43G cases, 327 weeks. Geneva, 971iiuU." 100 weeks; 32,001 oases, 2G weeks. Whiskey, 1,072 hhds., 38A weeks ; 07,304 cases, 114 weoks Old tom, 1,G53 lihds., 92 weeks; 22,470 caso3, 41 weeks. Cordials', 4,327 casos, 45.J weeks. Spirit? of wine, 191 hhds., Ó7.1 weeks. Otherspirit«., 435.1 hhds.. lOSh wocks ; o.líOj casos, COA weeks. Wine"! 4,07Ga hhds., 90 weeks ; 29,797 eases, 82 wooks. Beor, "3,120 hhds., 30. weeks; 898 cases, 25 \ weeks. Tobacco, S3!) hhds., 279 weeks ; 3,79J bales, 31G weeks ; 395 tierces, GG weeks ; 3,941 three-quarter boxes, GO weeks ; 5,831 casos and boxes, 40 weeks. Cigars, G35 cases, 30 weeks. Snuff, 159 packages, 477 weeks. Tea, 1G,013J chests, 22 weeks. Molasses, 42 hhds., 4J wooks". CofTco, 2,350 bags, 11 weeks; 290 barrels, !) weeks. Sugar, 05,-217 bags, 24 weeks; 225 packages, 23 weeks. Chicory, 581 packagoi. 43 weeks. Opium, 3 chests, 3 weeks; 3 packages, 3 weeks. If it were possiblo ti continuo theso calculations , through the fro 2 w »rehouses, somo most extraordinary dis- closures would bo made. The bonded goods may he taken as representine: with to'crablo accuracy tho general stato of stocks in Mclbourno. Tho imports and exports for so "many wooks of tho year as tho official returns aro completed show ihe process of accumulation to be going steadily on. In the following table tho declared values of imports and exports are given weekly for tlu current year compared with 1859 : Imports. Exports. ending 1860. £ 227,607 200,810 208,899 230,210 410,295 1,412,733 1800. 1859. 1800. Jon. 7 » Î* .. 21 .. «8 Feb. 4 £ 111,793 872,342 222,33 t 680,180 475,010 .1,701,071 £ 88,434 420,323 287,628 303,905 200,212 1,300,607 £ 185,821 107,181 402.03 t 372,813 11U.U7 Ü7241.135 lu tho first porlod tho account stood thus : Imports.£1,412.733 Exports.1,800,507 Balanco of imports ovor oxports .. £40,228 In tho second period : Importe.£1,701,071 Exporta.1,241,015 Balance of imports ovor exports ., £617,038 Tho selling rates of oxehango on England aro Suoted at from _ per cent, discount to par for GD ays' sight for inrgo amounts, and at 1 per ojnt. premium for 30 days' sight for bills under £53. Drafts against gold, &c;, purchased at from I to ..percent, discount. Freight on goldbysailing V PKSlds io f i-omil_d. to 3J. ,,or uulluc, UullVOraMB ftl London ; insurance, 1.J per cent. By tho ovorl ind route tho freight to the Bank of England, includ- ing insuranco and transit duty, is 2 por coat. ; lo Mauritius and India, freight 1 per cent. ; insurance according to tho character of the port to which tho shipmont is mado. The bank ratoi of discount remain at-Por bills under 93 d.vys" currency, 8 per cent. ; for 95 days' to 123 days', 9 per cent. ; over 125 days', 10 per cent. ; and for overdrawn accounts and cash credits, 10 por cent. We have already alluded to lho stock and shnro market. Messrs. Wray and Bryant report of tho transactions of the past four weeks : " Tho Iniprovcmont that has boon obsorvablo In tha slock and sharo market »luco tha late depression mill continues, and tho amount of business traiisaotoi during tho last two or three wook« has hoon consider al ly abovo tho average. Somo largo investments biro bein mado in sovoinl of our older cstabll-hod u toaks railways, banks and gas - and oven mining shares lmvo root with moro attention despite tho lipslng of ono or two companies, an I the unfortunate rate of tha llollnda. Tho low prices of many of thoso aliaros Ima hud thoir attraetlvo inllucnco counteracted only by tho tho non-payment ot calls. lu most casca tin tharoholders havo beon compelled to pay. Muoh of the delay in tho payment of these calls by Molbourno tlmrulioUluro arisen {rom tho Impression that tbo loc.il lum, and oven directors lliouisclves, do not pav up willi that regularity which thoy, at least, should do. This would probably bo obviated were the hoards of mnnagoniont to publish, say once a fortnightaftor ovory call, a list of thoso porsons who had, or liad not, paid. Tue offect of oxamplo would bo highly bonollolal, especially when tho names of directors appeared promi- nently In tho foreground. -Wo cannot doprocato to» highly tho course pursued by lt.auy persons In not ro glbtcrlng their transfers, thereby allowing thoorlglail 'holder to bo sued for calls for which hois not liable; and it li also groatly to bo regretted that thoro is ni Act for tho better regulation of mining companloi, and tho transfer of shares, wh cb is equally Important. Several el tho nowly-forincd companies aro about to cojnmoiico operations in tho courso of tho month; lho result will be lonkod forward to with grout Iii tciest, aoo'iig that thoy havo tho bonollt of the ox Íierlenco of thoso already working, whoso (allum, n many Instances, lmvo been consequent upon tho Ignomnco displajcd in tho management, manana» having ar-ogatod to themselves tha duties of a mining captain, a thing qultu Incompatible with thoir j oßltl'iii ; heneo iho ovil i-o strikingly shown, pirtl cularly In the Castleundiio districts, whero co.upanloi tim teil with i nell favorable prospects and havo Bhioa Tullen under a cloud solely boin this causo. Still wo must continuo tu odvic.ito minim.' as likely to bo a mott profitable speculation, nor are i-ymptoms want ing or a return of conlldenco in tlio siluro mirkoi. Mcvor wero things moro rifo for a riso, monoy li I plentiful waiting Invostiuotit, and It but remains for ' tlicto coinpiiiies to provo tho truth of thoir origin»! I prospect Ubcs. I " Tho amount of business lately has boon largo, and Includes Bales In the folio» big »hares : * " Bank of Victoria, prior to tlio declaration of a dividend at tho rate of 10 por cent, and ulatonunt etui wini; a prout of £35,210 up m tlio half year, wars s ild at 31} to 36, and blnoo at 33}. Tho doslro thlt has been shown for some time past of allowing a London registry tor th s'mros has boen accomplliliol to tho extent of half the number of shares, but without uffinting tho prk-o; iho shares gonoMlly ipcaking aro not frequently dealt in. Colonial Biak? hitio lurthor improved, having sevoml tluios boon di all In at di, and aro readily saleable between that and 0\\. National Uinlts mako thoir appovranco from somo quarter at every Blight improvement lu [ their valuo, Tho supply bavin.' continued groitor Hun tho demand lho shares havo again slightly lo- ci ucd, and have been sold as low as 3} and 3. Thvt I timo »haies aro far below their Intrinsic value is oloir from tho known position nf the hunk, -the statement iskUlng BO long after tliclr mealing alone operating ui favourably. Provident Institute shares ara soatî limes Inquired for, but oro scarcely marketable. *' Hallway«.-Ilobson'a Bay's havo beon remarkably quiet of late. They roso from 02 to 00 from tho I tliBparliyof tho price beru and In London. Silos havo been mado at 60 und OS, at which they now stand. ' .be nsw issue has been dono at £10 premium. Sub- urban's will evontually provo a g»od lnvoitmiat. I Thoy havo slightly declined, in consequoacs of bills tailing duo that wero accopted for a further Issue of thilr stock. Wo havo ravi» (.a os at 0} and 0. St. Kilda and Brighton continue depressed. "Inmiranco Companies.-Our insurance compinia« continuo to stand low In prlco and in estimation, aal wo think the cause is allritmiablu to tho faut ot tha ratio being to J low In proportion to tho risks whom tlio chanco of fires is i-o great as in (his country. Colonial Insuranuo, which unco was at44«., Isniwav low as 17s. Od, and bcarcely wilcabloat that. V7o hvro Hum lo dispose of al iho price Australasian seam periodically tor.iugo hetnoon 32J. Od and 22s. Od., bolng now about the latter ligure, with littlo prospoot ol prêtent recovery. Melbourne remain at 5s 01. and Us, with littlo business. Uuuruuty shares dojsrro moro attontlon. Tho pro a tatlsfactory chuniutor A transaction rarely Ukos tilico in tho »lures. "das_ilullarat Gas koop at £7. The usual divi- dend of 12 por cont. will prnlublv bo deelarod. Mil tourne aro at 131, and, helm; lu good hands, aro rarely dealt in Castlôiualuo, Collingwood, Kyneton, anl Geelong wo aro iel eis of, b it nimble to find buyers, " Minos.-Business, in tim majority or mining oo n pnnlos »hares, lins been very-Mr on the aver»go, buyors at tho ruling low prlcos huvo boen numerous, Inowlng at tho sumo time tho ncecssltj of untiy 1 arthur with their shara- fronrinabllliy to payoalU and sales of Imnlvonts'eslates of which wo have hvl mtiiy. Albion's havo been freely ifl'ered'at JandJ without Hilling milly purchasers Big.hotUara viry dark in their movements! VoryenntMdictoryoplnioni aie expressed lu the markut relativo to their miva mints Tim Bharcs uro about £4, but should a buyor appear In iho absence "f u seller, ho mininoo ailcol £6, Or ¿v"oiv£0,^w hilo-a heller nilcht not readily find » buyer. Belinda's have not alteied in price tinco the adjournol meo'iog, nor is it yet known at what con c u bu Hie appolntod Committco of invos gatton havj »nliod at Hie prco is I , Bolivia s un. niw rurclj lntmtionod, conscquonliy no price for thom Bendigo Vallo) and Whlto Ullis aro about i Gili doiiUnu aro about to wind up Clintons hare boon as Ion as 20 hkoly to ivnprovo thom Colibans, with tlio roi have declined, but vi 01 king upon tho tilhutc ay atora it is oxpected to prove very profitable Eajli Hawk Tsrrongowor, has saoim a good result from tho crushing upwards of Uoz to a ton of ord! nar} quartz , acallan the shares ¡s low orlng thopnoi lor a time Laglo lim!, Bonilljo aro suiTeting from Hie sams owso Enrolcns uro heavy ii oin tho pressure of proporty shares Johnsons havo improved sind tlio mooting, tho low price of 1 dis on a £2 bha.ro hil tempted buj ci s, and « ero H not for tho probability of a furthoi cul thoy would riso above their pro-ion market value of _ s Cd Lorn; Gully s romain uti tlonory at 17« , ¡Maryborouglis Boom unab o to risi ahoi o pir Monto Chi latos sinco the mocttng and ru port of tlio niauagor, uro looked upon as a thorourli oona Hit nuil profitalito« » co n tho main i oefhas bfl i struct at a depth or ISO foot and good payable sto io lins twon soo» in some cuinuUt«,, thosluucs have 1m proved so nor«. or Os, and aio now on a fair way t j pir Mount Hopo Is now proved to bs good fr i n two dlflorent processos of a ulai of oidlnari stuT, loz Idwta is tho lowostavoi i¡,o kelson's Bcof havo ssuihrht have beon c\peetol gradually fillon from I Iircm to i tho onorniouä qu intliy of sharos holl I iv olalinholdord outwolghinj tho benefit that wonll othcrwlso havo appouutl in tho valuo of the shares, from tlio oxtraoriliiuiri crushing of 1 Olio- from 20 tons of quarts' M Iv or Colcdonias aro dull at¡ dis, tholr crushing was good, ovor doz Old Penny vi oights aro Improving tolls Bindy Chook and Poiortj 1 lof do not improve a» thoyshoullfiam tho vorj fa v ourablo atatomont of tholr accounts, still thoy aro nv -i high premium Stolglitz ira hotter, transactions at 1 and 1] ihird Wluto llllls chango tnuids occasion | ally at J dis and pal W attie Gulljs vilnUi ivoroonco I in lu.,li estlnuiion, hive occndamjicd both by tho un hiitlsfiolor! procoss of ci ushlng, wl ero moro than three quui tors ot au oiineo por ton was lost in tho tailings, and from theil linving most Injudiciously trashed a quantity of p cn stud A lator crushing liowcior, li is shown ncailj OUoz dom 160 tons Hil such resulti hoon show n at [ho proper timo a furth ir uall would havo boon avoided, and tho shire«, in pioachiiiç par " Bendigo Water Works aio stoadilj progressing, Hu proflw being lui ¿or enen week " Monoj is plentiful, at full rates and upon first o!a«n security Sovoral half yearly nnd othoi gonoral moot nigs havo boen hold of shnieholders m locnl joiii1^ stock cntoipiises A hnlf yeaily general moot mg of tho shareholders m tho Hank of Yiotoru vins hellion tho 7th inst, at tho bank, Mi Honry jUiilci piosidnig The report of tho dirootoio, vi Inch was adopted, stated that an angomonts hil been mado hy tho London manngoi to opon ii bl an« h establishment m .Threadneedle street o i the 1st Jaiiiinrv , and that the Mauritius branjh establishment was to bo withdiawn as soon in existing engagement«) would permit Tho not profits for tho half j ear amounted to £35,217, iv Indi sum wns apportioned thus-to dividen I, .it tho rato of 10 per cent poi annum, to resorvo fund £10,000, to balance earned on £247 Tho íescivc fund of the institution now amounts to £72,000 A discussion aroso as to tho dosirv bilitj of establishing » shuc ie¡,n.try m England, «luth rosiiltcd in a motion being carried that each oxistiiig shiioholdci havo tho pnvilogo at nv tuno of getting one half tho numbai of his shares as tho list now stands mado transferable m London A general meoting of tlio sh u eholdors of tho Molbourno Gas anil Coko Company v. as held on tho 2-frd of January, at tho company's offloos, m Collins street Tho hilfjenili financial state ment showed a a edit bal into of tll,731 Js lid a largo lneronso upon that ot tho previous six onths A dividend of 6 pei cont wns declared At a mtoting of tho shareholders of the Aus ti alasita Fire, and Life Insiuinco Company, hold on tho 3rd inst , tho loport and tho financial st iloincnt, which hiltci showed a balance m 1 iv oui of tho compiny oi us opcivtions foi the hist half j our of about C i,000, and a roaorvod lund of upwarils of ¿20,000, wcio lead and unaui mousl) approved of Although m mercantile cuele-, finimos hare been fen er, largo numbeis ot schedule*, involving small imounts, ha«,o been filed of Uto lim monthly Insol>au-y Oil eula) of Messrs Mackillop and Cooko gives a list t>f 15 insolvencies, tho schedules in whioh wcio filed during the last weck in Decon Lei, and of 77 filed m January , nlso of 15 assignments for tho bonefit of creditors, whioh havo been registered The est-itcs consist chiolly of those im oiling smill amounts of liabilities, tho majority under Jt.' 10 Iho tiades and c til- ings of tho insolvents weio as follow > agents, 1 must, 1 ucoiintant, i bakors, 1 loaidinghouse koepoi, 2 brcttcis, > 1 biicklnyoi, 0 butcheis, 1 carter, 1 caipontci, 2 cabdnvors, 7 clerks, I > clolluor, ) contractors, 1 cooper, 2 co n mission agents, 1 coffeehouse > kcepei, 1 dairy min, 2 drapers, 2 fuiiner«, gcntlomiu, i rocers, 1 gnrdonoi, i ham!rosiers, 1 hav an! emituilcr, l jeweller, i intjouteli,Tminors, 1 merchant, 1 jiamtor, 1 plumbor, 1 poultoror, 11 public ins, 1 lostiiurant-kcepci, 11 Btoi ckoopors. 1 suivcyor, 2 school misters, 1 shipping agon t, I ohcitoi, 1 stonemason, 1 saddler, 1 tinsmith, 1 vi mo uicichint, anil 2 callings not stated Tho follón mg is a .statement of the stook> if all bonded goods at tho port of Melbourne on tho llth instant -Blandy, 10,190$ hb.ii 1(15,0li) cases, rum, 1,170^ Midi 12Ö casos, conclu, Ol' hhds TJ.SOJ cases , whiskoy, 1,23151 hhds 01 0S1 cíaos, old tom, l/ilOhhds 20,41» cases, cordial-,, \,YYt coses, spirits of wino, 170\. hhds , othoi spmts, 401 hhds 7,114 casos , wine 4,I80_[ hhds 30,974 cmos, beor, 1,815 hh Is 1,1M ensps and casks , tobacco, 8,17 hhds , 1,07.) 1 ales, 4b!M tioiccs, 7,105 ,'-bo\es 0,ld0 casos and 1 oxos, cigars, 703 cases , snuff, 104 packages, tea, 1.1,2113 cheat) cofleo, 3,O0J hags 1,104 harrols, sugni (in«), 70,997 bags 284 packagos, m J lusses, 42 lilicl- , clncoiy, 737 nackiges, opium 1 1 chestH 71 pntl ages Iho following goods woro londod for tho month ending Tcbninry 11 - Trnndy, 911 hhds 11,702 cases , rum, 70J hhds , ! cntv-i, 12,800 ca-ies, whiskey, II? hhds 12.GS3 ruses, old tom, 10 libels J,8i0ciscs, cordials, 472 «ases, other spirits, GO linds 108 cases, wino, T>3hhds 2,¿<)l ou«-cs , beer, DoO canos and casks, tobacco, H Illida , 204 Mes, It") tierces, d,5ii3 .' boxes 1,1*0 cases, ci.nrs, 305 cases, toi, 10,52.! chests, cmTco, 402 bags 1,118 bands, ugfti (ian), o2,f)75 bngs 280 packages, clnoory, 171 pickagos, opium, 0 chests (l'ntna) C7 casos The deliveries for ho ne consumption wore - tltnndv, 17S hilda 0 013 cases , i um, 189¿ hhds. 10 eases, genen, l'Mil 1,857ea"es; wlnskoy, KL hhfls 1,278 ctses , old tom, d13 hhds 2,235 i wes , embaís, 471 cases, Bpirits of wmo{ 12 I hds , othor spirits, 193 hhds Í4')CISCH, wino, >i> hhds 1,000 cases, boor, 977 hhds ST, i iscs and casks tobacco, HO bales, 2JÍ tioroos, 10 J boxen, 130 CIHCS , cigars, 1M cases, snufT, "> packages, ton, 4,070'i chests coffee, 844 bi:rs lal bal reis, sufcar (raw), 19,717 bags 100 pack. »"08, chicory, 07 packnges opium (1'atna), chests 1 c ist Tho dohv ones foi export w oro - T>rund}, 1883 liiids 1,832 cases, rum, 1011 1 lids , genovft, 409 cases , whiskey, 14 hhds Ho e iscs, old tom, 71. hhds Col cases , cordials. 140 discs, other spirits, 4(5 hhds , wine, G2, hhd 122 cases , beer, 75 hhds 10 casca and casks , tobacco, 10 hhds, IO tierces, 100 ,' boxes, 127 ensco , cigari, 23 cases , tea, 07J chests, coffjî. 17 bags lLbirrch, sugnr(iaw), 3;217 bags 2) I achages , chicoiy, S pack iges , opium, 2 casos Vic subjoin, for tho purposo of comparison, i tnblo showing tho stocks on the list Doeoni I cr for thrco ycais - Description 185U 1867 1358 Spirits-rrandj, gals ois.iao OJJ 176 020,0 3 04,270 IOJ.FOO 120 7J» Gonorn " 128,481 301,027 261,020 Vi hislcoy " 140,307 1)7,001 12ri 5« Coi dials " 4,010 0,010 11,277 I'oi fu nod " .M 100 2 1 Other sphlki " 11,137 10 072 80,377 W Ino " lis.oao 178,078 151.4ÎI Ale, beer, «fee " 40.H74 184,710 0,422 1 obacco lb ¿,0",804 772,3« 704,0JT 210,842 240,124 23,1 550 .-iiuir " 10,113 17,007 14,521 fen i, 0a0,102 831 307 20,232 Coffee " 005,040 1,233 320 C34.3Î» .sugar owt Chicorv lb 2,090 4,325 83,T00 - 01,785 45,90a Opium n - 10,010 1,80» Below wo give our UBunl tables of commercial .tntistics, compiled from oOicial data - IiirOltTS At the Port of Melbourne during tho mouth ot Tanuary, 1B0O, corapareel with tho correspondía? period of I860 - _ 1 Values Qiuuitltios IS'O . 1800 1850 1800. Agricultural Ira £ ' £ plcmcnts 0,003 a.ooi - - Alkali-fioda, ton» 102' .1,418 140 es2 apparel and slops 30,231 41,160 _ » Ammuultlou ru»o and Uro works \-- 1 00' - _ l'on dir. Hi t,75S 0,011 73,007 T 8 233 890 Shot, tom 242 401 iff Arm» Gun and pistola 100 110 _ « Arrowroot, lb C8f 1,020 "10,488 ÎÏ.702 Asphalte, tons (¡iO - 157 Poj-s and sacks 7,122 7,080 ^ M 1 ark, tons 140 057 14 25 J cans and peis, Imshols 315 - 400 -. ltrcr IWttlod 12 67J 20,080 - Draught 12,047 8.8J0 . - \-- liticult tons l,Jb7 COI ia T 11 mkcU. a idwool kim 17 671 20,871 - \-- Boolo 2,000 7.O07 - - I rots »nil thora 10,7 £2,801 titi, busliolü 3,021 1,715 20,041 21,417 S -'AM KO W> trail Ung - 45 \-- - Lath 40 D u. hw ure Id70 2,018 - - Tuhilhig mut-erinh Ö233 0 724 - - Better, tons 27,Ht 22,400 1 215 Mr Cnhbagif trt» '21 .GCJIL'S. , tons «3,267 ao.MC L ~107 S)C \- . Values. »j* Quantities. 1859.1 180b> 1850. 1800. £ £ Daiidlewick 310 _ __ Daiivas 807 710 _ __, Carpoting 735 407 __ __. Carriages, carts, &o.; 0,100 4,002 Cement, tom 085 1,832 ,_ 215 Cheese, tons 0,026 \- 13,811 01 137 Chicory 443 1,831 Chinawaro 05 . » 421 Cider - 434 _ __ Coola, tons 7,30., 7,003 4,050 4,004 Cocoa and choco- late, lu. 747 037 - 22,844 Cólico 0,212 1,400 _ __ Coir libro 200 Coke and fuel, tons 3,110 ' 4,783 551 870 Confectionery .. l,05d Ult - - Copper, tons 125 21(1 1 1 Copper oro, do. .. ? 17,77« - 753 Coppomaro .. 022 i ,1,008 - _ Coi dago, tons .. 3,31 i 10,021 8b 215 Corks 014 fcS'.l Cottons 17,417 17,247 - _ Cotton waste il 24» Cutlery .. 1,000 2,"U00 - - Dmpory .. 03,200 1411,000 Duigs . 6,310 0,401 - - Diiuigists' ivnio .. 740 <. , 278 Earthenware 3,0OS 4,135 - - Efigs f>7F l|OSl - - 1 liney goods 0,07', i :l7í - - Felt 47 Fish Dried .. 10. "OSO - __ Fresh 171 -' -. \- . Preserved 4,32« 10,420 \-- - Salted, tons .. 2,03 4,617 38 .114 FJnx l8 1 hmr, tons 38,45 10,500 . 1,033 1,005 Fruit Bottled 2,23 5 1,008 - - Drieu, tons .. 0,42, 3 11,016 170 238 Green, bush. .. 15,51 S 17,3« 17,732 10,550 Furniture. Class Uottlos .. 8,81 7 0,082 - - GO 0 120 _ _ l'lalo .. J,30 ß 2,023 - - Window 1,40 I 070 - - Oiasbwaro ., 1,7S ) 0,717 - - Gluo 10 1 81) Oold-lcaf - 00 - _ Grain Barley, bush. .. og 0 17 1,200 112 Gram, tons 7 0 030 0 70 Jlnlzc.bush. .. 3,40 S J.,340 12,083 7.721 Unit, do. 4,45 0 11,303 8,000 21,508 Ont«, ila. 25,4'. 2 E0,33i> 103,037 01,070 Hice, tons 4,05 I 14,12! 230 877 Wheat, bush... 17,12 3 8,671 40,5;7 24,070 Uncleserlbedjdo. 1 0 - 40 -. Grindery .. 11 0 -340 Grlndbtuiios * 6 -, . _~ Gum, tons £ f, ' ir -. 8 Haberdashery .. 0,3 4 0,071 - - Hair, tuns H 3 436 8 a Hard wa.ro anil 1 iionniongory .. 14,8! 0 82,300 ' -« lints and caps .. o,r 0 0,003 - Hay, tons.. 7i 0 - 70 Hides, No.. { 0 116 01 100 llullowwaro 0 J2 1,0311 -. Honey ( S 285 Hups, lb. .. 3,3 0 4,420 85,377 09,611 Hosiery .. 5,0 C 8,314 lndlnrubbor goods £ 0 1,33S - Instruments Musical.. 8,4 0 4,810 - Sclontillo 7 7 001 Iron, tons 20,7 JO 20,09.' 1,000 1,000 Jow ollery.. 1 10 0.03C - - Lead, tons 5,0 30 4,07t 18£ 159 Leather, do. 1,1 31 02 1 3 Lcatherivaro 4 23 05 - Linen 2,1 30 8,30 - - Live stock llornod cattlo No. .. S 10 1,05 ) 10 Horses, do. . 3,6 00 8,68 8 132 Figs, do. 21 L - 26 Poultry.. 1 60 C 0 - Shoep, No. C2 0 - G20 Dogs .. 1 0 - lluros .. 6 - Zebra .. 2 6 - - Machinery .' iïfi 06 34,50 1 - - Mirblo .. 0 77 20 1 - II, toll as and vestas .. £ 54 1,20 3 <*. - Mats and rugs . 4 73 71 3 - - Meal Corn, tons 3 04 - 0 - Oat, do. 1,40 0 - 72 Metal-Yellow 20 - - - Millinery .. '? V 00 c,oo 0 - \-- Molasses, tons U0 16 0 1 8 4 Nailf. do... .li 2u Ö,3C 0 1 6 101 Naphtha, gale. 3C 0 - 1,0J0 Nets ' 30 Í u - Nuts 1188 0Í 2 - -. Oars It U - - Oil Colza, gals. 3,1' 2 - 12,010 Linseed, do. . 1, 201 2,2 ; 6,s 51 10,105 Olivo, do. 1( 0 - mo bperm, do. . D76 0 )t. 2,8 D3 2,178 Unclescribod.c o. 2, 108 5,3 U 10,0 üb 23,1)0» Oilcloth .. D30 7 Il - Oilmen's stores .. l8, 123 22,8 0 - - Onions, tons 374_ri 760 14,0 IS C2 g Opium ..' */ 8 - Paintings and o 1 gravings 890 G S - Faints and vorni al) 3, 171 2,7t ).' - l'aperlianglngs .. 77U 4,0 S - - I'eiAimory 40U o 0 - Photographic goods .. R i - goods _ Pipes-Tobacco .. OSO Pitch, tar, iSc. .. Pliintannd seeds.. 1,03 l'lato and plated waro 1,317 numbers' waro .. 1,020 Potatoes, tons .. 3,421 l'rcsorvos 0.05S 1'rintiug niatorlals 1,515 Provisions Prosorved 0 Salted, tons .. 0,001 Quicksilver 401 ltallwny matorlalb 3,000 Itcsln 124 Saddlery .. 5,027 Sago, lb." - Sall, tons,. 1,750 Slilp-chuiidlory i 1,050 Silks 7,510 Skins 16 Slates, Ko. 8,170 Snuff _ Soap, tons.. 576 Spceio 01,001 Spices 800 Bpiiits Urandy 25,738 Cortile 1,01)0 Gin 0,718 Perfumed 1,450 Hum 6,000 Of wine 250 Whiskoy 5,768 cJndoscrlbed .. O02 Spongo Starch and bluo .. 00 2,726 Stationery 10,013 Steel, tons 835 Stone liulldiug 700 Mill « Paving \-- Stoneware 840 Sugar 84,732 Tapioca, lb. 218 Tallow _ Ten 3,203 1'inls and tar- paulins 20 Timber Deals, No. 24,413 Luths, bundlos.. 202 Lona & piles, Ko. 1,370 Palings, do. 830 Potts and rails, do. 540 Saw», foot 10,178 Spurs, Nu. Undoucribcd .. 250 4,636 1,710 Tinware 1,272 Tobacco 10,700 Cigars 3,205 Tobacconists' ware 12 Tools and utensils 1,101 Toy« 357 Turpentine, gals. 717 Twine and thread, tom BIS Vrgelablos 1 Vinegar, gals. .. Watches andclocks 007 1,212 Whiting .. 77 IV Ino 30,741 Woodonwar« 600 Wool, lb... 2,030 Zinc, tons.. 1,367 miscellaneous ,. 2,205 1,070 3,037 4b .l.OSO 2,014 058 10,200 l.OSO 27,850 02u 0,037 887 2,607 1,010 6,701 100 5,100 ' 300 80 1,108 27,875 .200 10,743 1,028 4,60!) 1 3,024 808 13¡ 1,330 24,400 1,078 203 100 710 1,200 100,720 803 13 7,410 5,143 200 800 1,240 210 22,8234 100 1,200 £41 Oil 20,288 8,003 300 3.032 448 1,512 043 ß .ern 3,008 20,543 2,730 6,801 400 2,071 427,850 01,705 4,300 204 130,000 13,000 ,174,803 12 1,300 5,104 40,320 483,010 S3 31,324 10,051 8,31) 154 180,001 9,300 :,853,05_ 140 7,810 77,1»» - Valuos. Quantltioi. 1860. 1800 18ÖD. IBU«. Agricultural Im £ £ plomoiits Alkali-Soda, tons 131 1,202 ' 44 760 67 t Apparel and slops SOo 1,208 Amu and ammu- nition .. ,. 841 -_, - __ Arrowroot 20 _ __. __ Bags aud sacies .. 078 O20 -. _ Bark - 1,100 « - Boer- . Bottled, gals... 277 l10 1,018 BO Draught, do. .. - .100 - i,U» Biscuit, tons 103 1 Black-sand, 405 8 Blankots and wool- 1 . lens .. .. - 100 -. _. Bones, tons 05 ' 24 Books 800 023 Boots and shoos .. 1,260 COO _ _ Bran, bushell - 1,738 ' -* 1,783 Brusliwiiro 180 Building materials 5i7 3b - _, Butter, tons , 205 8 Candles, do. 230 l130 S - Canvas M. 86 T Carpeting 1 - \--. -. Carriages, carts. - . &c.; OS 142 Cask», empty Cement, II). 100 \- -, -. _ u42 4 Cbceso, tons 02 "3 1 S Chicory, lb. - ' 136 - 6,03» Coals, tons 218 4'=4 125 323 CoiToo, lb. 241 761 0.268 4t,40* Confectionery .. - 830 -_> Copper, tons . 400 0 5 Copper oro, do. .. Cordage, do. ,. 010 10fâ 18_i 1 ~8 S» Curt» - - Values. í«**^ Ct Horn .. rrnpcij .. Plllgb Earthenware iticy goods Fill . Uah PrcEcrvod , ., Sailed, tons ., Max I' lour, tons nun-Dried, do. JMunlluro O Incitare.. C1 M .Dottles .. Tinto .. Window Cold, ounces Grain Oats, bushels .. Wee, tuna Wheat, bush. .. Grindery Haberdashery -. Hair Hiudw.-uo & hou niougciy I'atsnnd caps . I ay,tons.. II ¡dei, Ko. Ilollowaro Hops, lb. .. ins and hoofs. Ice, toni; ,. Instruments- >? Musical.. i bilcntiDo Iron & tteol, tont ?icvollory .. I.iad, Urns Leather, tons Lcatlieriviuo Linen jlvo Htoclt Iloi ned c-attlo, No. Horses, do. blico)!, do. Machinery Marble .. Matches mid rent:» Mais and rug» .. Mini-Oat, lons. Millbicry .. Mitlt'olllUlCOUS Molamos Nails, tons ,. Oari Oils, gals. Oilmen » storos .. 0) lum, lb, faints and var liLsh Faintfiuri an«! ou gravlngs Pi rluiuury Pipes-Tobacco .. 1'iteh and tar Plants ami seeds.. Plato and platod waro Potatoes i aseries.. I'rinting materials rrovlsloui l'rosoi i ed Sid »id, tons Ciiiartï linga, tons saddlery . Pago, lb. Salt, tons.. Ship chandlery Pilks fcklnft Slate», No. Scap, ton« Hpcclo-Qold Spices liplrltu KninUy, gals. Cordials, do. .. Gin, do. OfWhie.do. .. Hum, do. Whlskoy, do. .. Undescrlbcd, do. Ktiitlonorjr Stuncvwrc .-.?gar, tons . I fallow, do. .. : Tra, lb. . 'J imbor iin.I Tobáceo, lb. .. j Cigar.!, do. .. Voolb and utensils. IurpeiiMne, gala.' li atcliesand clocks] M ino, !$ds. .. I vVooiloi.waro .. I Mool, Ib. '/lite, tona.'.s . ..' \- 4,351 00 _ l.GSli 878 10, 1,2471 I*. ~ !»'i - 10 «7 II ¡0.740 oo.,iir m,va vsi] "H\ -, or£l - ti 2iis' ~ 1,712 11,000 512 5,C8'J lO.EOîl 300' _. sl 1,053 100' 11,400 2,00 li - » 1.0S1 ' 41 BSJ US " * 1 7 i - 3,230 i,r a r A ~ - 12 - ia -, », - \- 500, _ » - - 210 3,0« 2,327 7,205 11 1,45U 04S 1,200 402 212 15 0,3*0 1,037 15,UOi) 1,032 1,19. 4,05.) 0,070 3.8SI 3,210 0,343 2,410 200,407 13,30-3 ml 3Í '?? 5,732 2,027 8,285 109,070 1,381,7«T Î ¡JELIVEHII2S roit HOME CO NSUMPIUW, ii ' MELBOURNE, TOR 12 MONTHS. - ? Î -3 ' è Ï u 3 o 1-J i* Sai o 8 o tí i é S ' È 5 ' a «D' 1S59. g-Is. sfalü. gate. sala.' guis g-itfs gate lb. lb. lb. lb. lb. gate. g-lS. gala cwt. cwt. lb. February 36,355 20,048 15,000 J 7,771 555 2415 _ 02,002 11.1SS 233 593,893 201,502 43,S>27 102,392 178 25,381 147 2243 Mareil .. 50,555 23,703 17,714 10,300 1094 2730 - 127,031 10,728 390 470,280 204,440 42,053 196,777 34S 36,592 733 2309 April .. 42,821 23,022 10,143 '0,027 073 3825 - 100,295 18,905 230 389,075 144,123 52.S82 290,430 - 20,040 419 1741 May .. -41,010 25,750 18,630 , 12,204 1129 3598 - 102,958 12,535 112 229,845 103,176 36,829 229,097 - 36,846 257 2601 June 41,111 23,340 20.ÏI7 i 12,112 253 3304 - 92,335 11,802 329 162,262 212,499 29,090 230,200 12 24,732 802 1853 July 38,415 22,213 10,258 11,534 727 3692 - 114.748 15,646 124 318,151 205.0S5 35,890 500,453 30 31,113 412 1S03 August .. 37,720 25,105 18,:.05 12,175 743 4517 -. 134,341 14.010 - !22D,7S0 199.6C1 40,140 410,005 160 37,065 531 514 September 35.833 22,400 le.ios 10,227 73ti |3770 115,833 12.8SI 177,243 2G,3G2 S0S,i«l «09 10,700 424 2095 October .. 1 34,003 20,S_S ! 13.2SS 11,569 S4CI27S3 nv.iss 1 ,575 .3*7 170,723 174,672 CS,755 130,131 1501 41,516 240 I21S November 30,500 za.ifl- ll.SSS 8.23S tH4|31S7 115,071 11,071 23 3-23,094 12(i,411 34,443 192,755 667 25,803 100 2452 De_nbt;r thoo. January.. 30,057 S3,«»3 17.4SÍ 9,22S 404 ¡3161 4524 113,013 17,320 249 ä52,ü91 1S2.Ö31 35,524 163,670 324 50,000 107 5'2S5 37.27S 22,303 14,092 9,5S0 504 2741 - 106,552 11,759 240 464,610 244,616 4S.23S 165,972 1346 51,914 75 223! MBWIOURNR iVlIOIiESAhE PBIOW CUHKENT. falr.co tho dcpnvtui o of tho lort monia's null, «ml m «s lins undergone very llttlo alteration. Wlthllu Unowlcdffo of the ON tent of comlrnj supplies, lmrw > ichaso only to tho extent of their wookljr wwh 1 eavliit; Importer? heavily Btocked. Several Ineffee.»« ?oitenipla harp been mado to creato n speculative '*!. i tig lu various articles. Bupplles aro, lionew, to' I cavy, and Coming- parcels too largo, lo bold oat,it wils lato period of the season, any prospoctof locri'lv ¡result, and the ofl\>rt3 havo died anny In oorueqúmí'» . Ith tho exception of huttor, which, bjr«omolnorp»> (.\blo precens, has advanced In raino. This ha* occarrel n tho faco ol oxpeotcd shlpnientsand the*pproich»£ lio Miason whoa our dairlos ara mont prodactlr«. I«, e rta of all dcicrlptionsliavo ooniolica«/llytoh»nl,«ili -oiiHcquant on the caution exhibited by tay»" e-nornlly, aro oithor stored in tliooppsrontlyW .( lie of 1)ringln_r ' bot'or prices at «omo hton H'iiod, or aro at once "sacrificed for wb»t they»'* etch. Baalnoiw, although confined to »null W»' étions, Is generally coiisldaced to bo In »a .". .loved condition, hut until ehlpmoots from Um» -laikot« nthuiuo something Uko a leasoaiWo eitml m compared with our powors of consumption, h-1'' ch.ns cannot reasonably bo oxpectod toextond, TO licso remsrks wo procoed to moro detailed p»"»11"" of tho luadlnu ni Holes of Import. , " Alo and Boor.-Tho demand for hitit alo h»! »". nucd tolerably Hendy, but tho largo quantltfsi oner .ufjhavo proiontod any advance In price. M,B JLT ;>.-ands have boon lu moro dornend, but »t'0*",. Tho continued scarcity of bottle-l «tout lui lndueii ? 'i cal bottUnrr trado, and an Improved domna '« i'mtijrht stout has been orlßlnatcd, not, howorer. . v tulllclout oxtont to Improve prices, which co au»« is last quoted. Ilottlal alo I» larKolyovoreupnlleM" ii but little inquiry. Bottled stout Is still K"«« 6d. to 10s. por doam ; do., pints, 6s. to to. Od. P"T!*: vther bottlors', 8s. Cd. to 10s. V'«ietr-B«a»J'iS*. Is, pci «Wa. . . . í¡a¿t and ßvrfluir.-Woolpaelcs har« ceased J» .' » usquiry, and quntatlons are quit« nominal. OJiM* «.«r» ovemuppîlodalid'dullofaJe. OomsitiloVnol*'»", Ln'UiillnrtciiijOMMiubleUii-iud, urt, outing?!" luP sumhiasuppllos, in ne i equost, and aro freely ofroring) it U¿ per dozen. Quotations aro-Guimios, 4s. Od.; throj lusl'cl sacks, lis. por dozen ; wool bags, 101b., 3s. 3d. io 3B. Cd.eaoh. ,, . _ . , Boots and Shoos-For eeasonahlo goods or bast Tnellsh makcis, thoro is a slight Improvement, and bv -iic-ilon rathor bottor prices hvyo boen procured. American goods aro in no deiuaud, and much di i.ionicd In valuo. . . Candios.-The deeroaso in amount of shipments hu «riven an Improved aspect to tlio markets, holdors ara armor and hlghor ratos aro oxpootod, Bolraont ¡ norms find roidy buyers at 16d. Nova atoadnos ard , u 'tod at ir,il, and light weight- Froneh bring 12}d. °Ciuvvas.-Clio doinand for (IrBt qualities of luv/ canvas continues good, and paMols lind ready silo o i landing. Supplies of this doäorlption arc, howava-, expected, wbon reduction on prebont rates will ni ni Ti'robnbly onsuo. Boat navy, assorted, is worth fw n is 3d. io is. 4d. ; American, Noa. 1 to 10, Is. Id. to Is', 2d.; Bengal, 3'd. tnSJd. por yard. Coniont.-Portland comont Is light in stock, an 1 at l>ra»unt wortli from 22s. Od. to 25B. per barrel ; prleas, Jioivovcr, aro not firm, largo supplies boina; shortly to Ccid's.-English are fairly supplied, and doinand $;ill beingmoderato, prlcos rulo as about hist quoted, s ny from 33s. to 40s., In tlio Hay. Nowcvstlo (col jiilal) , ro moro plentifully supplied, and not worth abova : Os por ton on the Wharf. ? ' Cordage, Twino, &c.-Coir; ropo is in inquiry, anl manilla ot tolerably fuir sale. Twluo although un- changed In valuo U in moro doinand. Spunyarii con tlnti:s suleablo at quotations. Oakum dull of salo, (iiiotationa are-ltusslun, £50 : Manilla, assorted, £51 to £52 ; coir, £35 ; Europe, £35 ; oakum, £25 ; spun jarn, £36 per t in. Twine, soaiuing and roping, U\i. to lljd. ; shop twine, 12d. to, 13d. per lb. ¿rug*- Tho advanced soason. of tbo year bulliens lighter domand for sulphuric and tartarlu acids, and pilcos aro oa8ior. Opium, owing to supplies, has do «lined considerably, Putna not Unding purchasers at abovo £330 por chest, and propared at from 2Ss to 30s. per canister. Castor oil, lu half<|iliiti, Is wanted, anil worth Sa, 3d. to 8s. Od. per dozen. Soda crystils ara considerably ovorstockod, and «iles roportod as low as £10 per ton. Soda inn Is now well supplied, and can- not bo quoted nbovo £16 portón, Flouri.fsulphur boa also fallon in price, and is not worth abovo 10a. to _,7s. por ort. " , Earthenware.-Stocks press heavily on tho market, 4iud thoro Is no improvement lo.raport in quotations. Fish.-Iloavy supplies havo proventod any improve- ment in prices ; nor has, as yot, tho approach of Lons projucid inquiry. Ling ia dull of salo, red norring* in this cannot bo sold to cover cost, aud whlto herrings aro dlllloult to placo ovon at 'must miserable prlcoa. Quotations are, ling, 4d.; cod/salted, 2Jd. t,3d. ; whlto norring*, 4s. Od. por tin; red do., 2s. por two dozen tin. . ii Flour and Grain -Tho supply'of wheat of Viotorlin growth not having boen fairly,at', marltot, and sup pilos ofhoth flour and wheat having been held backb/ our South Australian nolgh boura, pi lees havo been wal supported. Our own grain ia, however, now coming la frcoly, and arrivals liuving taken placo in consider.iblo quantities from both tho United Statos and San Francisco, aceompaniod with intolllgcneo of larga coming Biipplies from thoso , qunrtors, whoro prlcoa aro ruling vory low, have alarmed tha markot, and a Bjicody mid considerable do cllno In prlcoa is lookod for. Adoiaido is "ton; Has ill and Gallofo, 40a. to 41s. por barral. Svhoat coming in moro freely has caused a declino ia prlco, and tlio arrival of 25,000 bubbols por Miry Whltrldgo, from San Francisco, has created furtlio, depression in tho market. Colonial samples have bo J a Îilacod at from 7s. Od. to 7a. Od. per bushul, but hua'y mports must c.u«o furthor reduction.. Burloyii hcarooly inquired for, and i« quito nominal in »rial, 3s. por bUsliol being the highest quotation, oxcopt f ,r primo mahlHg samples uf colonial growth, for whio'i from 3s. Od. to 4s. pur busliol Is asked. Oats hiva again boon endeavoured to ho forced Into speculation, lint all attempts to eroato Improvement in prices hvva failed, und tlio article appears to ho hopelessly da pressed. Irish and Scotch aro worth from 2s. led. to 3s. ; Californian, 3s. ; Calcutta, 2s. lOd. to 3s. Malza Is In bolter inquiry, and good sample* of Now South "Wales growth aro ealenblo at Ss. Od. por busliol, Gram is chiefly in iiceond hands, and demand con- tinues steady, lloldora aro asking £0 to £0 5s. por ton. Fruit, Dried.-Tho markot Is plontliully suppllod, and until tho close of the nelson for fresh fruits, ii likely to continuo dull. Currants aro quoted at DJ., iluscatels (¡Id., dried apples 7d., Jordan almond! Is. Oil-, .Capo raisins 5_d. per lb. Grocoiiua.-Toas continuo to ho firmly hold by Im- porters, who, on tho supposition that on tho com rocncouviit of projected hostilities with China tha prices of tills urticlo uiua< advatico, uro npparontly indisposed to soil unless at full rates, and as tho trail ?domur, but little business is doing. Colfoes ara steady, and iiotnithstniidlng tbo arrival of twj small cargoes from Ceylon, prices aro quita supported, with, as tho oolder vvoathor ap proaohos, a prospoct of advanced valuo. Tua parcol of plantation pir Gonoral Jcsup was par- tially disposed uf hy auc.lon, at Oil. por lb. iii bond, tho residuo bulng rosc-rved ut that prlco. Nativa .Ceylon, fair ordinary quality, bruught from 7d. to 7_d. per Hi.'In bond. Tho cargo per Marion, also fro n Coylon, li is changed owners privately, tho prlco non liavlng transpired. Sugar-Thoro has boun but littl] -doing lu tills artiulo during tho last week ; holders aro, liowover, gonorally firm, and, whero fules have boon «Hooted, bul littlo alt'-ral Ion has occurred, Uno whit i sorts being, if anything, rather on tlio advanco. Bio i lias declined in domind, and Is oasiorin prlco. Largi supplies aro looked for from Onluutti. and £ 15 per til is tlio lilgliost r'uto named for good i'atiiu. Quotations aro:-Toa«-Good to lino cot.gou, £10 to £11 nir «best; inferior, £8 to £0 per ehest ; gunpowdor, uno, 2a. Od. to 2s. Od. per lb. ; Hyaonsklu, £1 to £8 per elio-t. Sugar.-Cusslporo, No. 1, 63s. to55). ; Mauritius, whlto crystals, 40a. to 43s. 01. ; low to Ona yellow, 35s. to 89a. ; low to Uno brown from 30a. ta i'4s. por cwt. I Gunpowder.-Blasting sorts continue in fair do ninnd, and meet ready salo on arrival at about* 12d. jicr lb. Ironmongery and Hardware.-Tho market contiauoi conslderubly ovorstockod with nuuly every ariioli comprbod miller this hi-udlug. Catup ovens aro largely supplied and dull of salo. Malls arc dililoult of ails, and hollowuro has, In conscquonco of fuller suppliai, also declined In valuo. quotations aro:-Ami, (Hart's and Colllns's) £2 8s. to £3 10s. por dozaii ¡ 01\. to 14a. do. ; building Ironmongery, 20 per cou'.. adv. ; camp ovens, £16 portón; cooking stovos, dull, Invoice : outlory, suporlor mid common, 15 to 20 par «out. adv. ; Uro-arms-fowlmg-ploeos, singlo anl doublo, pistols, rovolvora, Colts or Deano and Oo.'s, nominal ; (endors, 25 por coat. adv. ; grato i, 20 nor cent. uuv. ; hollowaro, 15 par cent, off list ; Nails-American-cut, assortod, 17s. i to 18s. por ko r ; American lacks, 2d. por papor ; clout, 0{d. to Od. par lb. ; Bwbink'a patont, 20 to 25 por cent, oh? list, I'lclts-Oollhia's hoavy- wclghtod, £3 6a. to £8 10a. par -doEOU ; do. do., light, £210s to £3 per dozon. Saw«, cross-cut and pit, vory dull. Sholf hardware, assorts 1, £ to 10 por cont. advanco. Shovels-American L. [I., £2 11s. to £2 103. por dozen;.do. do., D.H., £2 per dozon; do.,. English best, £1 10s. to £2 par doren. (Spades- American, £2 is. ; English best, £2 : ?do., long-atrappod, £2 6s. por dozon. Tlnwaro, good japanned, 30 to 40 por cont. advanco. . Motáis.-'Clio heavy stocks of corrugated galvanljod Iron pressing on tho market lias causod a doolina in prices, and rendered mica dlllicult te offset nt quota- tions. Good assortments of Billi Staffordshiro con- tinuo in fair doinand, but with medium qualitlos tha market Is well supplied. Anglu ami T Iron is wall supplied and in Bcarcoly any doinand. Plato Iron Is fairly stocked, and not saleable at ever quotation 1, Hoop iron in limited inquiry. Tho moro inodora',» importations of shoot load havo given a Blight Im- provement to prices, but stocks aro still too heavy to admltofmuuh amendment until reduced. Load ali it Is fully supplied, mid prices havo uiidorgouo furthar doaliuo. Tin plates continuo without animation. Zinc is rather firmer. black wiro in modorato domand at quoted rates Quotations aro : - Iron, MorowomPs patont corniuatod galvanisai tinned, 24 and 20 g., £33 por ton ; Morowooi's corrugated galvanised, No. 2, or untiuncd, £3, do. ; Tuppor's do., £33 do. ; Hamilton's or othor English makor'a, £30 to £32 do. ; Scotch, £27 do. ; Morewood'a iralvanlaod tinned idniu ia «...i «ia . English 'liiakor's, £30 to £32 do. ; Scotch, £27 do. ; Merewood'» galvaulaod tinned plain, 20 and 23 g., £40 do. ; 'l'uii|ior's or other Ihigllsh maker's, £14 do. ; Scotch, £25 do. ; rod and bar, host Stif fordshlro brands, £1110s. do. ; do., Scotch, £10 do. ; plato, £10 do. ; sheot assorted, £12 to £14 do. ; anglo and T, £12 do. ; hoop, £12 do. ; pig, £5 10s. to £0 do.; Swedish, no salo. Lead-Pipo, assortod clzos, £30 to £32 «lo. ; shoot, milled, assortod, £26 do.; shot,assorted, £32 do. Quic-silvor, 2s. to 2s. (k1, por lb, Stool- Blister, £2 6s. pur cwt. ; cast, £2 20s. tu £3 do. Tin-block, Is. Oil. to Is. Od. por Hi. ; plates, charcoal, 1C, plates, charcoal, IX, do., 15,per cont. adviinco. Wiro-fencing, black, £14 to £15 por ton ; galvanlsod, Nos. 1 to 6, £22 do. Zlno-rolled, light, £34 On. ; nails, £2 8s. to £2 10a. por cwt. Olliuon's Stores-Pickles and bottled fruits aro ia liot'er Inquiry, and prices souiowli.it firmer, llalf plnt «.alad oil Is much wanted and brings full ratos, ¿jardines nrolnjiiqiiiry, lib. salmon much wanted. Vinegar is in good request, mustard is agilu neglected. S.iuccs in scarcely any inquiry, and jams aro very dull of salo. Oatmoal is over- stocked, and prices declining. Quotations aro : Bluo, thumb, Od. to OJd. per lb. ; currie Îowdcr, quarts, 13s. to 14s. por dozon ; frulti, ottlod, quarts, 12s. do. ; Jams and jollies, 1-11). Jars, 11s. 0d. do. ; lobsters, 1-lb. lins,'American, 0s. 01, to 10s. do.; niaccironl mid vorinlculll, whlto, Nuplai and Qenoa, 7d. to 7jd. pur lb. ; lniiBtarcl, in bulk, No. 2, 8d. do. ; do., In l-lb. bottlos, 12a. nor dozon ; .do., in 1-lb. bottlos, 8a do. ; oatmeal, £17 per ton ; oysters, presorved, 1-lb. tins, 14s. nor ¿own ; do., 2 lb. tins, 17s. to £1 do. ; plokloi, quarts, 10s. to 11s. do. ; do., pints, 8s. Od. do. ; preserved moats, 2-lb. tins, wanted ; salad oil, pints, 12s. por dozen ; do., half-plnlt, 0s. Od. to 101, .do. ; salmon, presorved, 1-lb. tins, 18s. (lo. ; sar dlnos, halves, 9s. to 0s. Od. do. ; do., quarters, 0s do. ; sauces, assorted, half-pints, 7s, Od. to 8s. do. ; do., Worcestor (Lea and Porrln's), 12s. to 12a. Od. do. starch (Colman s), 5d. per lb ; vinegar, brown (Clm'u pioti'a 24), 2s. por gallon ; do,, concentrated, quarts, 8s. to 10s, per dozon ; whlto wlno, is. lOd. to 2s. per gallon. i ' ruliits, 0!l»,4c-Linseed oil continues depressed, and stocks aro dlllluult to placo at almost any Uguro. Tur- pentine is readily salcablo. Chinese, oil Is In largor supply, but rosllses quotations. «Whlto load hal Im- proved in Inquiry, but rod had and colours aro quito nogleotwl, and for varnlshos tlicru Is no Inquiry what- ever, (¡uomlous aro ¡-Chalk, £3 to £3 2s.Öd. pjr ton; colours,assortcdjdry, £1 6s. to£18s,porowt. ; do,, mixed, 13s. to 18s. co.; rod load,' £1 15s. do.; whlto do., host ground, £1 16s. do. ; oils, block, £ t«i to £40 per tun; do., Chinoso, 5s. 3d. por gallon; do. llusoud, 8s, 0°d. do.; do., polar, £40 to £5) per tun ; do., rapo, 8s Od. to 4s. per gallo i ; do., spon», £86 to £88 portun ; "turpentlno, 6s. pir galton ; varnishes, Nublo'« and lloaro s, dull ; whiting, small oisks, £7 por ton. Pitch and Tar.-Thora is scarooly any supply of tar in tho m «rkot, and being In domaiid, buyers have ' U paj exorbitant prices whero thoy can moot with it, for pitch thu domanil Is uiodurato only. Quotations arc-Stockholm tar, £J 10s. ; do. pitch, £2 10s. pir 1> ireh ' Provisions.-nutter-Tlio speculative demand fir thlB artlelo lins raised Its price to 16d. per lb. for no #1/ limled good purcolx, mid holders uro a .klug further ad. vanccd raios. llovr these nues-aro, howovor, to hi maliitalnuilltisdlllloult to seo, aiy with aconsumptloi of 4,000 flrkl is per niunth, our Imports for iho last al e months havo avurigod over 7,500 p« r month, or noirly double ourioqiilleincnts Ileeflslh moro inquiry lit .quoted ratos, llacon Is over supplied and dull of salo, ltd. pur lb. bellin tho ulgu««t prlco procurable tit »Oit purcolfi. Ifiiuis aro modoratcly suppllol, uni J frltue parcels Bud ready buyers at from lSd. to ltd, I per lb Choeso is considerably oi orotockod, and to e root rales lower prlcos nie accepted, best samples of North Willsnotjirinnlngabove lOJd tolld per lb Salt -Tho demand for this nrticlo continuos activo Holders are howovor firm, mid aro asking hlgho Erices Coarso and Uno, in equal proportions, ii ivj oon placed at £7 per ton , whilst for fino £9, nnd fjr coarso from £5 to £510s per ton is domanded Spirits -The imolligcuco by tho mail 1)03 caused somo inquiry for tlio better descriptions for which sort highor prices have beon paid and holders app or di p is ii to hold for still furthci advances Bum : is quito noglootod, Importations havo been cccosslv , and any prospect of Improved prices sooms hopohm Qui is much depressed and dlfllciilt of sale Geneva argcly ovor stooked andin but llttlo inquiry VI hlsk y, f)i tioularlj In cases exceedingly dull, and soarooly 11 nquiry Quotations aro - Urandv, Mailells dirr, 10i Od por tallon, Hennessy s do, Os d do , Otards, Os to Os 81 do , U V. P - prictora' do, 8a to 8s bd do , Champagne vineyard Proprietors Compnnv s, 7s Od to 7s Od do , Vlncgrowcra', Cs 9d to 7s do , OIIIT brands, do, 6s to8s do .palo, Martclls 10s Od c1 j ; do , do , or tloimcfisv s, 27B pci dcuon cvso do , U \ Proprietors', 25s do , \incgrowers', £1 4s d» , Chanipagno Vlnojaril Piopnotors Ompanjs, £1 3a. do , Clou 14s üd por 4 gallon case, do do, 99 9d p r half caso, do other brands, 10s lo Its per ctio Gin London oki to'r, best brands, 2s to 2s 01 pir fillan, do , do do, lis poi do¿cu Kimi, La t ndia, 20 to 30 op, Is Od lo 2s 3d per gallon , West ludia, 10 to 12 op, 8s Od do , do, 20 to80op,4s3d do Whiskey, Irish Mohan's, Is Od do , Scotch, host, 4s Od to 4s Od do , do, hcht brinds, 10s Od tolls per dozen cvso Timber-Tho market is nilsenbl«, diprossod, and with tho prospect of continued hcivj supoltcs tho Erospcct for nnportors io cheerio s American lum or IB saleable only at a Ml.ht advanco on primo cost -Hard pino flnorh g, AS lo £9, laths, Buwn, 4 feet, 12s Od to £1 per 1,000, cloir pine, lil to 2 inoli, £0 10s to £10 10s per 1,00> icet, ditto whlto pine, tou.ucd and groovod, 1 inch, £8 10a to £0 IO« per 1000 foo «1 ruco scantling, £4 to £5, sholl ur 1 Inch, £9 to ¡CO 103 Baltic -Deals rod, 0 " 3 d to 4J p sr foot, ro 1, 11 x 8, 4Jd to Old pel foot, whlto, 0x3, 3d lo 8yd por foot, ditto, 11 \\. 3, 4Jd to41d pa foet flooring, tonyicd and grooved, OJ x li, HI. pi r foot qohacco-Arrlials havo continued locomofrooly tolland, tho declared value of in ports fir tho past month being £29 201) 1 ho brisk domand, however o\istint, has proi on > ed any serious dccll uoin v aluo, and prices uro tolerabh «oil sustnlnod Cigar-, Hay-nu is, loal, £12 por 1,000 Imitation do , £8 to £10 do , Ma- nilla cheroots, Ko I, £2 2s to £2 3s do , No 2, If i lilma shape, £' 8s to £2 4s do Toaacoo - Bir- ran s, anchorbrmd 2s per lb , Eaglo do, Is. lid to 2s do , honoydovi, 201b bo\«_j, half lb lump) lid to 12d do ,do, 8s and 10s 10}d to ltjl do , Korra brand, Is Gd do , £ stcillngdo, nono, Shollard's do , nono , shcopwash do , 4d por lb « W nies -Thero Is no improvement to report, th > only chango having been a sllLht Inquiry for ports and a trifling demand for good champagne Olaroti aro nearly out of inquiry, and sherries contiuuo quit J neglected Importers'quotations aro -Ports, fion £ 0 to £85 por pipe for from [*ood to suporlor, an 1 sherries from £J0 to £80 for oidin iry to fine sorts liiutundy, 30s to 40s , clirct 11s to 80i , cham la^nc, 30s to 405 , hoik, 18a to 30» por dozon MELBOiniNL, MA11KUÏ& Tut MiLiiS-Mlllorä roporta stcidy townbUBlncaí doing, although purchases aro confined to small amounts, the trade anticipating low or prlcos K itej are, bowever, ns yot unchangod, and aro quotod as foi low --Fino flour, £18 por ton , United States, 49s. to 41s por barrol, bran, la 8d per bushel Wlica* muro plentifully supplied, and purchvacil at froji 7s üd to 7s Od por bushel ltttTAU. MARKBTB -Butchors' Moat-Beef, 4Jd to7d. per lb , mutton, 5d toOd do , veal, Od tolOd. do., pork, lOd, to Is do Poultry-lnrkcjB, 11s to 13) each, gooso,15s to 18s per pair, ducks, 7s to Os do., io«li, Os to 8s do , rabbits, 6« to7e por braco; buttor, fresh, 2s. Od to Sa per lb ; eggs, Sa to 3s, 3d. per di zen , milk, 10d to Is. per quart. Bread, the lib loaf. lOd 11 vv MAIIKIT -Tlio suppHos brought in during t'ti «lok lmvo booti moderato, and nut being in excoss of ilcmniiu, the market has Lcui cleared each d y, nil nu ad niñeo of 10s portón on best sorts established I nocí aro-foi best luy, £6 t j £5 10s , second cl.ns from £4 to £110« per ton LASTFU» MAIII n -1 ho rupplv of vegetables it market fblB morning «as of lory limited ovtoiit fis continual Jiy wcathei bcln0' uufiiouriblo fh ro win. a good supply of grapes anti othci soisouaMa fruits, and Saturdiy s prlcos- generally woic quito tai tallied Pututooa were oircrcd in ICHS qu-tntitlos thm of lino, and brought hlglioi prices 1'oultri «asiibu i dnnt, mid being ovcrsuppli c1, sold at much rcdild! ni lees Tho follón big »ero tho | ikes obtalnod - >ii.otnblos-Boans, kidney, 3_d ti 41 por lb , bisil, la por dozen bunches, boct, li Od to2s Cd por il cn, bouquets,Os lol s perd /cn, eabbn.'os, 2s CI to 12s por dozon, carrots, is t-d to 2a por doia-i li uches, colory, fla to 8s pordo_on buuclios , croll. Vi 'cr, Is Od to 28 per donn bunches, cncumbois, prickly, da tola Od poniesen, do , longspluo Os t) 7s per doren , yirlli, 3d to4d pir lb , liionüor, 2i 1 jioi dozen bunches, lottuco, Is lol Od per dozen u 1 ijonun. Is poi llorón bunches, mint, Is nor do/a 1 lunches, onions, dried 8s to 10s pot owt , di, jinn, Od lois per ill z Oil por dozen bunches, pursiiirp, la Od to 2s par ii /en bunches, peas, 4d io 6d per quart, potvtoes, 7s (k1 to Sx Odporcwt , pumpkins, tis por do/en, mut h, Is por dozen bunches , rliubiib. Is lo 2s per dozen bundies, bago, Oil tu Is per dozen bunches, »iii nell, 2a 01 per baal ct, thyuio, Is per dizo 1 Jiuuchca, turnips, Is 2d to 2s per dozon huno'ies, Un atoen'. Cd j> 4d per lb , vo.ctablo marrms, ( to 8s por dozon, spimcli bet, 3d por Ib t in ita-Apples, 4il to lu por li , ü misons, 6d por lb , grape* 3d lo Od per 11) , melons, wator, 0) ti Ps per do-cu, do, roi k, 12s to21i por do/on, 110c lililíes, Od to lb por do/en, peachc , lOd to 2s 01 in doi'on; pears, .d to Od pe- lb , plums, 01 to Is per lb Dalry Produce - Butt ir, 2a k1 to2s DI po II eggs, 2s Od to 2s Od pcriUzcn duels, 5s. G I. I is per pair, gccesjios to 12s per pair, heil», 4s O I tiri Gd pci pair, tiulojn, 1 J to 14s per pair, ni 1 big pbjs, 12s to 14s each 1 uconn, 2s lo 2s. 01 p 1 1 mr, honey Is per lb , rib» tn, 5i pel pall Wool, 1'AiMin, wo HIDES-iles ra 1 11 OlourU and Co ripon, -" Hool- Nearly tho whola of tho dip m 11 now bo considered io li iv o prono fora ard, I 11 fr nc- irly a month culler than tho previous ydii, II lib can bo ac ountoil fu fiom tho bcason hail ij bien unusually curly and tho ivcithoi mlUl.it slioirii r 11111, and by tho increased facilities for tho aquitt rs jilling theil woola comojod from tbo interior riio-e io 11 fow lots still In [bo n>ir»o , which havo boo 1 1 dd ov or for somo lime the owner» hal big piaccd 110 1 "li rosorvds upon thom, nu doubt anth Ip-iting til a 1 iden ¡voleinher asios w ult hilo closed mi li I (.hor than our previous advices Thoso wools ara itw being oin red al n cons,idcrnbly less prlco Ihn Du} could have been sold for beforo f/ioauiulm ali» during the past month con-tUt of about4 7)1) ljlts, und tho salos by private contract about 1,4),), wuk huí a touil of ovor 0 000 bulos disposed of duri i< Ho month, at prices about tbo same as wo last quota I, 11/ -Gre 1 >y, from ltd to l2jd. , fiocco, from 101 to Ail .scoured, iiomlftjd to 23d Tho following ara tho v ensuis which have «ailed during tho mouth - January 17 Groy hound 2, liSbvlos " l8 Motaiiiu 2,807 " ,, 21 Is a (add clearance) 2'5 ,, " 21 Monarch 1,828 " ,, 21 Norwood U,¿M " " 24 Oco-ui Chief 1 ISO " , 27 Moiitinoruiioi 1,001 " ,, 20 Calliance 2 281 " " 27 Itobort Hickson 21,7 " I obruary 7. Llgbti Ing 2,455 " ¡ ,, 8 Lincolnshire 1,170 " Total 20,703 bilm JI n Customs'clearances havo boen is un 1er - i rom Oct IO, 1850, to Jan 7,1SO0 li oin Tan 14, 1800, to lob 4,1800 Total S.180 016 4,007,255 12, "77,870 071) U1 £ 001 7)3 3 w, as ) I allow- Wo havo 110 alteration to report sinco oui lint, tho bulk of tho tallow boinp used In tho colony, and pilcos remain about tho same Beef £13, ali mutton £50 pur ton Hides -Hiiro Ima bcoa vor/ littlo Inquiry during tho month for sblpmoiit, a par- cel Is now being thlppcd on curer's account " Ltvi kroch -I at Cattlo - Thcro has boen moro ae llvlti in tbo maikot this week, aud although tio yards havo boon better trapplicd, pricos of all ga al sorts bbow every appcaranco of luiproi imont Prims bullocks havo brought from £0 to £10 10s , sooond class from £7 to £8 15s , Infor! r sorts fruin £5 up- wards, according to quality Host cows sold at fra JI ¿716s. to £0 6s , Inferior ft oin £4 upwaida Calvas havo boon vory moderately supplied this week, a id tho domand having boen good, sales have boon 10» lily mado Bust caliea brought C5a, and Infarlor M middling- descriptions from 20s io 60s each l\i Sbcop-lho number at markot haB been coinpiri tivcly small, many of tho pens being of pi lino quality I lho doinand has. honour, boon but ni idorato, and I prion show but little alteration Best v>others woro sold at from 10s Od to l8* , soeond class from 14a to 15B , inforioi and light weight* from 12s to 13a 0d j each, owe« brought from 10a to 11s each Laiu'ji -Ino advanced soasen lias caused it light supply at nurkct, and tho dcmmid being- tolorably brisk, ttima ottering wero oaslly disposed of One primo lot brought from 12s to Ida , othor sorts selling at »baut 8a Oil each ! Honsf MAUKKT -Messrs Doiighart,, report-" Tlio berso mai kot continuos to Iniprov e, anti thoro 1> a ready sale for all description» of mi fui stock, IVIIOHIDI broken or unbroken There is also a good dom ml for country mobs, but the market has boen vory bully supplied thU week On lliuradaywo disposed o' tim 1 second draft of Mr II J Bowlers horses, nt from £6 to £14, average, £8 4< , aud, during tho nook, a Urge number of toivn lots For cart horses, at fron £16 to £38 IO» , light harness and bjuldlo, CtO to £2-', hack«, £5 6s to £18 por head Wo hal e alto «old, pri- vately tho bulls Yellow Jack, threo > oats old, and C< mot, 17 months, lately Imported per ltcsolute fro a 1 ondon, together, for £¿30 " LAnoim MAUMU -NO favourable ehatyo hu ou tuned lu this marl et during the plat month, nor 1. this advanced period nf the sea. on is thoro any prjs poet of amondmont Tho supply of malo liboui of at ricfccrlptiona Is largely In C\ICI,D of tho requIroinoaW, and numbera of men aro consoquontly out of employ lho continued dry tvialher prevents the cuinmoao mint of ploughing, and no othor agricultural pura iles bolnff at this telson carrl don, thpro Is no occiipvtlja lor mon in this Uno Die wool neoso 1 being closed u extra bands aro required a tho stitloiu, and lu deed tho present being tim dull season of tha yan forall farming: oporntloin, tlu 0 is but littlo country employment of any kind oller! l? Grooms, coach noa, waite», and malo domcrttu of -eli kinds uro nunn roualy unemployed, and, as tho rainy season np pioaches, bato but little prospect uf pi Kiurliig ca litgoiuouls Indued tho nuiiLirotmiuinplnyodmin. ino largo, that dlatinalsllkoii to eui» during tli, wiutir, as, stran.ro us It utaj appear, miuj soo ut> luofcr lounging about tho to« 11 iuftcaet of Bookin, employaient on tho iiilnci or country dhtrloH Tradesinfit, mccunnies, and skilled workmen aro hu-Koly unemployed, hut 03 this crises lo greit n ¡«.uro from the atritos ovlstn g, «wlug to différons! 1 betw&n; masters, nnd mt n, ¡ile impossiblo te- say li M the racket would shird II UIMKOUV arrüi/eawnt» worn «niade. Marrlod couples, not onoumborod with yoi«.n¿ families aro pvoforrcd for country sorvieo, »ni can readily pruouro oiigajtoroont at full quoted ratoä of wages. Foinnlo sorvants, thoroughly accustomed to tho flovoral bronchos ot household work, and cnablod to ¿ivo roforencos as to clnraotcr and ability, aro ui'i.'h wanted, and aro considerably bolow tho requlromo.its of tho market, ltospectablo yonnï wonion, unaooai tomed lo servie, aro, however, numerous, and havo some dllHculty in procuring situations at lower rate i of hire. Tho following aro about tho curront ratos:- , Married couples, without "aillos, £05 to £75 por ] annum ; do., with families (dllllcult to obtain em- ployment), £00 to £70 do. ; gardeners, £00 to £75 du. ; «looms, COs. to 80s per woclt ; shepherds, £35 tn £40 por annum ; hutkoopois, £20 to £25 do. ; general farm sorvants, 25s. per week; flrst-olass | ploughmen, 25s. por wool: ; mowors, Os. Od. an aero ; TPapars, l8«, to 203. an nero; binders, 25s. awoa'c; Inillncl.-drlvprs, on road, 25a do.; do , on stations, 2)3, do. ; raou-iooks, 20s. to 258. do. ; and professed coo'es, £3 do. ; fomalo do., from £35 to £40 per annum ; l £10 to £25 do. ; laundresses, £85 do. ; homo maids, £20 to £30 do. ; pailourmaids, £25 to £ iO do. ; carpenters, 11s. to 12s. a day ; masons, bricklayers, blacksmiths, 11«. to 13s. ; plck-aiid-shovel men, 7s. Oil. ; cartera mid store labourers, 40s. to 60s. a week ; quurrymun, 10s. to 12s. por day ; fonoara, L'a. 3d, to 2s. Oil. a rod ; (.putting posts and rails, 20s. to FOs, per 100. SI:AM».N'H VVAnns.-Tho Inquiry for soamon con- tinues stonily, but ns hands aro offering freely, shlp3 h ne no dllHculty In procuring crowa, for long voy. narin, at the rato of £4 por month. Coostors aro nut, I,»« «vor, so roadily supplied, tho mon seeking hlglnr Manes for that trade. CARTAOK -A fair quantity of up country loading Is oilcriii2, but teamsters aio mininiup; to engage at pnsi nt rates, as at this season of tho year, thoro betas; MI food, higher rates aro gonemlly looked for; tho following aro, howovor, still about tho euri out ritoä payhig, maoliinory, luggngo, or bulky loading liebig takon by arrangement,'according to quantity and wolght :-Bullook-toams.-Albury, £8 10a. to £9 ; Amherst (Daisy Hill), £0; Avoca, £0; Beechworth (Ovens), £9 ; Bendigo, £5 10s. Horeo-toams.-Albury, £12; Amhorst (Daisy Hill), £7; Avoca, £7; Bacchus Marsh, £4 ; Tlallnn, £4 10s. ; Ballarat, M ; beechworth (Ovons), £1110s. ; Benalla, £0; Bondlgo, £0 ; Huckland, £14 ; Buninyong, £7 ; Calodoaia, £5 ; Cinslirook, £0 10s. ; Cvstlomaino, £5 15s. ; Oros vilck's Ciook, £7; Crowlands, £7; Donlllquln, £13; Dunolly, £7; lîlpliliistono, £5 los. ; Qjr. don's, £0 ; llorslmm, £15; Indigo, £12 ; JimCro.v, £0 ; Kilmore, £4 ; Kyneton, £1 10a. ; Kingower, £7 ; Malilon (Tarrengower), £0 ; Maryborough, £ ! 10s.; M'lvor, £0 ; Moliagul, £7; Mount Arara«,, £1 IDs.; Mount Egorton, £7; Mount Korong, £3 10e ; New Bondlgo, £11 ; Pleasant Crook, £10 10s. ; Rush ?worth (Goulburn), £8 10s. ; Raglan (Flory Crook), £3 ; Seymour, £7 ; Taradalo, £5 ; Warangl (Goulburn), £3 ; Wangaratta, £0 ; Woolshed (Ovens), £11 ; Yaok. andandah, £13. _ SHIPPING OP THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. AimiVAIiS AMD CLliAIlANCES BI^CB OMI LAST StTMSttaV. [11., British; A., American ; Au., Austrian; Di., Danish ; D., Dutch ; 1«'., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese ; 11., Hamburg ; N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish ; Bel/r., Belgian ; Br., Bromen ; Pi-., Prui olan ; s, ship ; b., barquo ; br., brig ; so., schoonor; St., stcainor.J Jan. AIUIIVBD. 17\. Commodore, A. b., 101, J. Roas, Portland. Captain. 17\. Julio ularc, D.s., 460, A.Von Costoroom, Batavia. \- Prust, Kolilor, and Co. 10\. White star, II s., 2,330, T. O. Kerr, Liverpool, L rimer, Macklo, and Co. j 21 Pulnrub, U.M. ss., 21 guns, Captain Seymour, a I cruize. 21\. Southampton, B. s , 071, B. Tonkin, London. W. P. Whlto and Co. 21\. King of Al/orla, B. B., 1,330, G. Browno, Livorpool. \- Brhjht Brothors und Co. 21\. Industry, A. s., 1,073, li. H. Waters, Mnnltli. Vlotoi la Sugar Company. 21\. Jaeon I'uabody, A. a., 1,108, C. Whitney, Boston.-« Jsewoll, lloopor, and Co. 21\. Fanny Buck, A. b., 5S3, L. S. Crookott, Now York. -Lord and Co, 21\. Omar Poona, li e., 1,003, J. Thornton, London, Dalgotyand Co. 21\. Minium, D. li, «173, T. A. N. Sohognn, Amsterdam. -Prost, Hobler, anti Co. 22\. Bosphorus, A. s., 1,425, P. Pondloton, London, It ilolghs, DauglUh, and Co. 23\. Lady Ilo.ul, IS. s., O04, P. Bick, Livorpool.-A. Wilson, Nophow, aud Co. 23\. William Curvlll, B. s., 1,015, O. Copoland, Livor poo!, Cuni,»boll Brjthcrs and Co. 23\. Silistria, B. a., 1,217, J. J. Joslin, Glasgow, Holmes. Whlto, one Co. 21\. Dorothy D.ibson, U. b.,.268, M. Young, Mauritius, ' Fanning, Nauhlvoll, and Co. 2i. Spuiy, U. se, 255, J. Farr, Hong Kong, Molohlor uinl Co 25\. Jvorins, B b., 803, E. T. Robertson, Hong Kong, Fanning, Nunliivoil, and Co. 25\. Genoral WU.lanu, B. a., 009, J. Layliold, London, Kaufmann, M'Calluin, and Co, 20\. Ardvitlo, B. b , 424, J. M'Liichlan, Foo-Ohow-Foo, Caughoy and M'Oloory. 20 Forest Oak, A. s., 878, L. Cooper, London, Cloro Brothors and Co. 20\. Victoria, It. M. s. s., 3 guns, W. H. Norman, Ovpe Otway. 27\. Marlon, B. b., 192, D. Fleming, Colombo, W. Nicholson ami Co. 07\. J«.K. j.ution«id, A. n,, o»n, D. vv. fottor, UM ton, Wilkinson Brothers and Co. 27\. Veritas, 8. b., 601, N. Bostron, Ooilo. 28\. Bl iok Kaglo, 15 h, 1,358, A. Dickson, Greonock, Dennistoun Brothers and Co. 20\. Lucy A. Nickels, A. b , 62s, D. Nickels, Now Yorlc-Muller, lticKards and Co. 29\. Owen Glendower, B. s., OsO, 0. T. DIoklnson, \- London - IV. P. Whlto »ad Co. 20 Peru, a. s, 038, M. Wi'otiiuu, Adolaido.-Do Pass Brothors and Co. 20\. B.lsi/o, il. b , 330, R. W. Wlntor, Mauritius. Dennistoun Brothors and Co. 20\. Uneoka, li b., 634, S. Burglstrom, Finland, bniith, Strachan and Co. 20\. Bullirlo«, H h., 193, O. Spiller, Hamburg-.-Smith, Strachan aud Co. 30\. Marco Polo, B. s , 1,025, D. II. Johnston, Livor- pool -Bright Brothorsand Co. BO. Constantine, A. s., 1,100, F. Dunbar, Liverpool. It. TOWIIH and Co. 80\. Dawn of Hopo, B. s., 1,214, E. M'Klo, Liverpool. -Bright Biothora and Co. Fob. 1\. John* Knox, A. s., 041, G. W. Glnn, Humboldt Buy -Nowoll, Hooper, and Co. 1\. Alclopo, B b., 307, W. J. Whitfield, Mauritius. Deiiiilsioun Brothors mid Co. 1\. llolon W, Aliny, A. b., 880, J. W. Davis, Port- land.-Lord and Co. 1\. Anglo Indian, B. b , 440, W. Briggs, Hong Kong. 2, Guidon Kaulo, - b., 277, R. L Oldham, Mauri, tlus.-Faiiutm:. Nankivel!, and Co. 2\. Chantillón, F. s , 600, li. Boauiii, San Franclsoo \- Duwnlo and Murphy. 4\. Prince of Wales, B. s, 1,244, J. WatBon, London. -W. P. Whlto and Co. O. Great tintait!, 14. u.a., 3,500, J. Gray, Livorpool. Bright Urolhois and O». G. KOVUIIUO, B. s., 707, T. Mourant, London.-Kauf- mann, M'Calluin, and Co O. Qouciul Jesup, B. b., 103, Win. Gray, Colombo. D. bcnttatid Co. 0\. Northam, K. M. s.a., 1,200, G. O. Sparkos, Slioz,-. P. and O. 8. N. Co. 11\. Dillions, B H., 700, VV. Holmes, nong Kong. 14\. Mary Whttrldgo, A. s., 973, TV. A. Creosy, S« Francisco.-Dickson and Williams. 10\. Salsotto, R. M. s.S., 1,900, It. Methven, Sydney. P. und O. S. N. Co. Jan. uiiKAiiKD OUT. 17 Domlnlck Daly, B. b., 2¿7, G. Jury, Guam.-. Downie and Murphy. 17\. T. W Suuro, A. s., 610, A. Drew, Guam.-Joshua Briitbora. 17\. Andador, U, b., 300, L. II. Johanson, Valparaslo.-. Duwnlo and Murphy. 17\. Columbian, B. s. s , 1,212, N. Stowart, Suez, P. and O 8. N. Co, 17\. Greyhound, B. s., 1,411, J. Davies, Liverpool Lo inur, Mackie, and Co. 18\. Amazon, S. b., 807, A. Daunbcrg, Guam. Captain. l8. Colbar, U. b., 428, J. Sturge, Guam.-Mackenzie Brothor«. 18\. Moravian, B. a., 003, W. Edwards, London.-Dil (_oty uni! Co. 19\. 1'amolla, 1', s, 071, B. A, Guttoros, Sydney.-. Gray, Marshall, and Co. 19\. rZiska, U. br., 185, It. Medhurst, Guam.-K. F. bicliul and Co. 21\. Alhambra, A. s., 1,278, E, Robinson, Otilio.-. Michaelis, Boyd, mid Co. 21\. Clara Novell«), B b., 612, J. Hingston, Guim'. M'Mnjkiiigaiid Co. 23\. Blackburn, B. »., 054, A. Douglas, Calcutta. Doimlst tun Brotliurs ami Co. Î8. Bon Accoul, B. b., 200, W. Colvlllo, Mauritius Dcnni-toun Brothers und Co. 2-1. Bard of Avon, B a., 706, D. Groon, Call-to.-Do Pass Urothurs mid Co. 24\. Monarch, U. «, 1,28¿, J. W. Gill, London.-W. P. » hilo and Co. 24\. Noiwood, B.s., 1,233, W. Staplodon, London.-R. Turt-ns and Co. 24\. Ocoan Chief, 0. a., 1,020, W. Browu, Livorpool. Bright Di others and Co 2G. Coiuumiiwoalih, A. s., 1,245, J. F. Crozier, Quant. -Sivlro Brothurs. 28\. Bolissaiua, B. b,, 308, B. Patchot, Valparaiso. llumllion and äcutt. 10\. Coud .r, F. b, 280, E. F. Buho, Nowcastlo.--Hay. ward and Co. 10\. Cuud ir, P. b, 286, B. F. Bu-bo, Nowcastlo.-Hay. ward und Co. 20\. Pierro, F. b., 270, D. Soublo, San Francisco.-J. S. Lambert. 27\. Woicudes, Oh. a., 6S5, A. Loft", Hong Kong;,-It. W Inter and Co. 27\. Wiioouata, D s., 083, B. Askoy, Callao.-Holmes, Whlto, and Co. 87\. William, A. b., 523, J. T. Borry, Valparaiso. Dennistoun Urothois and Co. i 28. Aladdin, li. s., 807, J. Wood, Guam.-Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. 88\. Mary Miller, B. b., 272, W. Galloway, Valparaiso. Hamilton and Scott, 28\. Montmorency, li s , 008, A. Stinton, London Bright llrotlior» and Co. 31\. Mury, Br. b., 202, J. Uogeuian, Guam.-Molohlor und Co. Feb. 2\. Commorco, B. b., 275, W. Hutchinson, Hong Kong.-bright brother, and Co. i a. James Wilson, B. b , 305, W. B Sheppard, New custlo, N S.W.- Victoria Sugar Co. I 2. Tellua, U. a, 704, Ü. Uuu.cn, Akjab.-Westby | and Co, 3\. Ulltou, D. 8., 1,204, W. Thomas, Bumbay.-Lort i mer, Mackie, and Co. 1 3. JulU G I'ylor, A. s , 828, Z. Lawry, Callao.-Da Tasa brothers und Co 8\. Natal, B. br, 11)7, W. Durochor, Guam.-Sivlro Drothors. 4\. Kttiidaugliaucr, D. s, 774, W. Zcolt, Nowcisllo, N.S W.-Parbury, Lumb, and Co. 4\. Sirene, F. b , iuJt, Ii. Duboru, Aowcustlo, N.B. W Bligh and llurlioitlo 7\. Lightning, B s , 1,709, J. Clirko, LlvorpDol. Bright Brothers and Co. > 7\. Northam, it.M s.S., 005, Q. O.-Sparkos, Sydnoy. 1*. mid O. 8. N. Co. 7\. Victoria, li. s , 62», A. O. Forss, M-nllla.-Wilson, Nephow, und Co. 8\. Fulrlljht, B. »., 633, It. Koinbill,,Calcutta_Dow- nie aud Murphy. 8\. Fm tUpdo, 1) ij., 420, J. M'Donald, Colomba. -Crntuin, Sands, mid Co. 8\. Moira, B. s., SSü, J. Sr.ir-.it, Callao_Do Pass Bro- thors and Co. 8\. Lincolns» ro, B s.,. 1,025, R. Roo, London.-W. P. Whlto and Co. 9\. Zambia, it. *., 1,004, I!. IS. Miller, Clutun.-Djn mctuun Biothcrjand Co. ~ 10\. Sybil, A.»., COS, J. Frcouuui,' Guam.-Wilkinson Brothers and Co. . 11\. United States, _-a., -1,110, .1. D. JllanoUirJ, Callao.-Tíaleiglis, luugllsli, Whlto, and Co. 11 Julio Claire, D. b., 409, A. van Oostoroom, Guam, -Prost, Kohler, and Co. 13\. Marion, I!, b., 102, D. Fleming, Colombo.-Wm, Nicholson and Co. eutal, A. s, 1,1 i Druthers and 14\. Bolla Creole, A. s., 1.137, B. Crowell, Callao. "Ailsnii, Nophow, mid Co. 14\. St. Gonoviuvo, F. s., 434, V-. ricard, diam.-A. J. Lambert. 35\. Dorothy Jobson, B. br., 258, M. Young, Portland. -Fanning, Nankivell, and. Co. VESS1ÎL3 IN HOBSON'S BAY. KXOLUSIVi: OK COLONIAL ÏI1ADKII8. AixlvIUo, B. li., 424, J. Al'La'c-hum, Foo-Chovv-FtO. -Cnuphev and Co. ? i Alolopc, II. b , 337, W. .1. WliltflolJ, Mauritius.- Den- nistoun Biolhcrs nnd Co. Ang o Indian, B. b., 110, IV. Briggs, Hong Kong. Alico'iliornriikc, A. fl, 817, .W.ü. Thortidikc, Vau couvor's Island - Dnlgely mid Co. Posphorus, A.a, 1,215, J>. Pondleton, London.-Iti lolghi«, Uauglish, and Co. Muck Fnglo, B. s., 1.35S, A. Dickson, Groonojk. Dciinlstoim Brothers and Co. Belsizo, B. b , 380, H. Vf. Winter, Mauritius.-Dennis- toun Brothers and Co. British Kmpii-o, B. 8., 1,133, W. UK-hards, Loudon. J(i3ke H.olhcrs. Commudoro, A. I)., 101, J. ltçss, Portland.-Flower, M'Donnld, and Co. Constantino, A, s., 1,16\ F. Dunbar, Liverpool. It. .Towna and Co. Chantillón, F. s., COO, E. Bo-.min, 'San Francisco. Downio and Mur|iliy. California, 1!. s., 020, R. Allan, Ship Island.-R. Towns and Co. Dawn of Hopo, B B., 1,211, G. M'KIc, Livorpool. Bright Brothovs and Co. Daniel E. Pearson, S. s., SOI, II. Wahlman, GeOo. De Pass Brolhors mid Cb. Dream, B. a., 1,100, J. 11. Dioadfoo', Greenock. Holmas, Whlto, and Co. Eugenio, B. b, 203, W. Bott-, Mauvilim.-Dilgotv and Co. Earl of Elgin, B. s, 1,127, A. J. Rood, London_Di ross Brothers and Co. Esmeralda, B, s, 118S, P. Meldrum, Liverpool.-Do Pass Brothors and Co. Formosa, B. b., 400, D. Pole, Valparaiso.-Law, Djld, and Co, Fanny Buck, A. »., 683, L. J. Crockett, Now York. Lord and Co, Forest Oak, A. B., 878, L. Cooper, London.-Clov Brothors and Co. Gonoral Williams, B. s., 900, .T. Layhdd, London. ' Knufmviiu, M'C'.illuin, and Co. Go'don Euglo, A. h, 277, It Ii. Oldham, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell, mid Co. Gonoral .Icisup, li. h., 103, Wm. Gay, Colomb-). D. Scott and Co. Great Britain II. s n., 8,500, «I. Gray, Livorpool. Blight Brothers and Co. Heinrich, li. li., 103, C. Spiller, Hamburg.-Smith, Strachan and Co. Helon W. Almy, A. b , ESO, J. W. Davlj, Portland. Lord and Co. ! IloijrlcUo, V. 1»., 330, Ti. FoticirJ, Mauritius.-Ton \- deur, Luinprioro, and Co. Industiy, A. s, 1,073, R. II.Waters, Manilla.-Victoria Sugar Co. Jacob Pcabody, A. a, 1,10S, E. Whitney, Boston. Nowoll, mid Co. James Littlcflelil, A. B., 600, D. W. Pottor, Boston. Wilkinson Brothers and Co. John Knox, A. a., 011, G. W. Ghin, Humboldt Bay. -Newell and Co. I . Jcssio Boyle, B. a , 810, C. Rawio, London.-Raleigh», Dauglish, Whlto, and Co. King of Algcili, B. » , 1,330, (!. Browne, Livorpool, Bright Brothers and Co Lvdy Hoad, B. it., 00!, P. Hick, Liverpool.-Wilson, Nephew and Co. Lucy A. Nickels, A. b , 523, D. Nickels, NOT York. l'lf-he-r, 1!icirils,and Co. -Midas, B. s , 602, O. Conway, SUCK.-Captain. Madura, D. li ,473, T. A. N. Scli.igan, Amstordain, Prost, Kohler, ami Co. Miuco Polo, U s, 1,025, D. II. Johnston, Llvorpjal. -Bright Brothel« anil Co. Mary Whltrldgo, A.f., 07S, W. A. Crocsy, San Frtu C-KLO.-Dickson and Williams. Norna, B. b., 393, 1! T. Robinson, Hong Kong. Fanning, Nankivell, ai.d Co. Omar Pasha, !!.. a., 1,008, J. Thornton, London. Dalgoty and Co. üwcu Glendower, B, s ,039, II. T. Dickinson, Loudon. W. P. Whlto «nil Co Oltliona, II. «., 700, IV. Holmes, Kong Koiig. Pelorus, 11.51. a.«., 21 guns, Captain Seymour, on a eruiso. Peru, S. s.. OSS, M. Wrotnian, Adclaido.-Do Pass Brothers und Co.* Prince» of Wales, B. n , 1,2-11, J. Watson, London. . W. P. Whlto and Co. Pheonix, A. H.1.4S7, J. lloxlo, London.-Miolitolls, lloyd, and Co. ifuccii of the Knsfc, A. R., 1,330, (".'. Henley, London. Cloro Brothors and Co. Kiwer-n, 1!. a., 1,100, It. AVilson, Liverpool.-Bright Brothers nud Co. Result, B. s.. 1.100, J. Cow, London.-W. 1*. Whlto ami Co. Iteailute, B. a, 1,072, J. Wallace, London.-De P.i a Urolhur» and Co. llorcnuc, B. s, 707, T. Mourant, London.-Katifininn, M'Cullum and Co. Hag, I!, b., 257, K Kills, MoiworcolUih.-Captain. Southampton. B. a,, 071, li. Tonkin, London.-W. P. Whlto and Co. ipiay, D.s., 255,.!. Farr, Hpii«* Kong.-Melchior and Co. Silistria, B. s , 1,217,1. J. .Iclln, Glasgow,-Holntîs, ¡SlY'lilto, and Co. HalBottc, B. s.a., 1,000, li. Methven, Sydnoy.-P. and O S. N. Co. . I/roioka, It. b., 681, S. Borglstrom, Finlaiid.-Smith, Straohun, and Cn. Vlcloriu, ll.Ul.B.N, 3 gum, W. II. Norman, redlllu.*, - Veritas, S. 1)., 601, N. Bjstton, Gcflo. Voorwaarls, D. b, (IC»3, E. L. Korstrom, Hamburg_j Do Pa's BrothDiaand Co. Whlto Star, 15. s., 2.3>0, T. C. Kerr, Liverpool. Lorimer, Mucki?, »nil Co. Willie in Carvill, B. a , 1,016, G. Copchnd. Liverpool. Campboll Brother» and Co. MISCELLANEOUS l,\lIOLA) tos-About a do/on of tlio sub souliers to tlio Exploration Fund met on Jauuarr ¿¿, at tho Moch une i'Instituto, foi the purpo3o of heal in; tho rcpoit of tim Committee to wlioss otu o it was culi usted to collect tho subscriptions and propino tho piehiiimaiies nccessniy forcu rjm<; uno cllect «hut has for so long b"en a sub- ject of interest to tint- anil tho nei 'hbouiing colo luos- nn expédition into tho nitenoi It Hill be in the recollection of inaiij that somo timoneo à munificent donation of ¿£1,000 was offci ed bl "Au Unknown," on condition thit the sum of £2,033 wis subsenlietl hy tho pubho On vug, howoi ei to tho critical ¡dite of comniciual affairs', it was found must difficult to collect tint »mount, and had it not been for tho prais. worthy exertions tindo hy tho members of the ! Commlttoo, tho hbciiil lesponso in many eases to j thur nwpln, itious, and the extension of thopoiiod foi which the ollei of tlio " Unknown' was avail ublo, tlio Livploiatiou l'uiid Mould not hivo as >umod its pu suit piospeious aspect lho Sub lOiniriiltci) line, lionel 1.1, terminated their 'Horons lnhoiiis, and the woilc of exploration will n all piobnbihtj bo entrusted to the ¿oyal Nmoty of \ letona A deputation fiom the Ex ploration Committco of the Koyal Society hid an interview on January 21 with tlio Glinf Hecrutaiy, for tlio purposo of giving effect to certain re- solutions armed at nt a meeting of the Com liiutco on tho previous day, at which it 1ml beon agreed to lequest tho Govcinni.it toon- I trust tho organisation, ¿Vc , of tho expedition to iinunihoi of çontleincu, who woie then named Tho deputation wns îccoivcil by Mi Nichol sou, wuo stitcd that tho Government would ho found quite willing to siuttiou the ar- rangements proposed by the Committco l'ko Exploration Committco of tho lloynl So- ciety of Victoria met again on January dO. at tlio Hall in Victoria stieet, for the purpose of disousBin^ various matters oonnected with tli3 proposed exploration Tho lion J olm llodgson M.li 0 , was m the chair Two hours woro oocu piod in dmussingas to whom tho command of tho oxploiution pal ty should bo entrusted , not that there vi as a lon_ li t of aspnants forth it honour beforo the Committee, it lctbt of gentle- men of known oxpenonco inj ruell matters, but bicauso it uns thought that the Committee should afford an oppoihnnty to gintlomon ni the innouh colonies ot oflcnng thoir stn icos A ritolution to th it effect, proposed bv Ur Gillbee and seconded bj Mr. Ligar, was earned, as fol ows -" That public intimation bo giv on logon ilemen desu ous to offer their sei v ICCB as loauoT »f tho Victorian Explomtioii, and that thov bo ! requested to put thcmsclvcB m comniunioa tion with tho Societal j lo tlio Exploration Com uiitteo hcfoio thq 1st of March of lho present vcar" It was agreed also, that n speciil oom- . niumcatioii on the subject should bofornardod to Major Warburton, Commissionci of tlio South Australian Police Should the expected camels ?? not «rnvo so soon as IB anticipated, tho expedition ' will set out, nnd thoy will bo sent on afterward^ ''? the most important appointment in an expedí- ' ton has jet, how over, to be made-that of a '? leader-who not only should bo u thoioiigh bush : mini, but a scientific mun, nnd until that soloc tion is accomplished nil othci ai rangements will H be ii day ed be delayed. THIS KXTKAORDINAIIY CONJIUCT purauod by tho officers in command of tho ship Constantino during hor recent voyage from Liverpool to Mol- bourno, which was on tho 2nd of Jfobruarv brought under tho notico of tho PolieoMugistrato al Sandridge, ho» excited much comment, ami desoí-ves notico. In tho ilrat placo, Mr. I'rodk Dunbar, tho master of tlio ship which, woousht t» i tato, belongs to the Mer-soy Lino of Australian I'aekots, was summoned, at the instanco of a dant admitted the offence-hut of which ho al- though legally lesponsiblo, was morally not'tho guilty, and therefore most culpable, party- -, which consisted. in BO bailly and insuUt «..tilly victualling the sliip, that tho DIS Hungers wero depnvod of their fair and pronar allowance of preserved meat, buttor, ooffoo limejuice, and, above nil, fresh viator, durin¿ tho latter part of tho my ago. Mr. I)im.b_? I slated, End)»« statement obtained tho symnatlir I of tho ni-^isti ate; that ho had dono all thaVlaV in his pov.er to muk« his jiasaongeiu suffer *_. little as possible from the insufficient supply o". those necessaries which ho could not help nni greatly regretted. Tlio Bench, believing ho htd A mo his best to mitigate tho evil, orderod da fendant'to pay fiG passengers 11s. Gd. each fo: compensation and expenses, or tlio alternativo of one month's imprisonment. Tho chief officer of Iho same ship, Mr. Saville, was then charge 1 with immoral conduct towards one of the femáis passengers during tho voyage. Tho offonoo wai clearly proved, and the defendant, muoh to hil astonishment, was not JMily fined 40s., hut, in, addition, was sonteneeel to undergo ono month's imprisonment in tho Melbourne Gaol. Tho unusual severity t of this sentence will doubtless,have tho desired effect of acting as a v» arning to officers of passenger vessels trading to this port. ' _ UNUSUAL HEAT.-Tho following returns'of the temperature of the ntmosphero during January ¿1 and 22 have beon furnished to us ii / I'lofossor Neumiiyor :-On tho 2lRt the maximum temperature in the shade was 10S'8 degrees, an 1 did not chango hetweon 2 and 3 o'clock, tlu viind blowing from N.N.W., shifting frequently to N.E. At G o'clock .tho thermometer showo 1 104 degroos, slowly deorensing, tho lowest durin { the night boing 76-8. lOn tlio 22nd, at 4 a.m., it rapidly rose; and i at 2 p.m.. it was as high ns 111 dogrecs, at which poiht it remained until 4,22 p.m., when1 the wind slowly changad lound to tho south, it having during thor.ty blown almost constantly from tho north. At ö p.m. Hie thermometer wns'dowhi to 81'7 doKroes. Cn tho 21st tho maximum heat of tlio soil vins 132 degrees, hut on the following day it was not nearly so high-only 12S-8, owing toit'io hlrong wind which was blowing. During tho 24 hours tho evaporation amounted to 0-472 inches, or almost dry. Altogether tho heat was greater than it has been known for two or throe yoirs, and although vaguo rumours havo been afloat that it was caused by bush fires, such is not sup- posed to be tho oaso by Professor Neumayer, who attributes it to tho rush of hot air which, owin{ to tho mild weather wo havo lately enjoyed, ha I been pent up in tho intorior. The heat in th i sun on tho 21st was 134 degrees, tho 22nd Iii degrees. Two deaths occurred on tho samo d vy in consequence of tho great boat of the weather. One took place ¡It Flemington, and tho othor in Fitzroy. In tho former case a farm labourer, known by the name of Harry, dropped down in the road in a state of oxhanstion, and was car- ried lo tho Melbourno Hospital, where he dio I two hours aftor being admitted. In tho other caso a milkman named Charles James, a young man, after a fow hours' suffering, died from tho effects of a sunstroke. - BOYAL SOCIETY or VICTORIA.-A spooial mooting, the last of the present session, of tho members of tho Royal Society of Victoria was hold on tho 23rd of January. The proceodingi wero commenced by tho President, Dr. Mueller, reading a despatch from His Grace the Duke oE Newcastle, in reply to a request made hy tho late Philosophical Instituto, «in which it was statod that Her Majesty had boon pleased to ap provo of tho Instituto changing its title to that of " Tho Royal Society of Victoria." It is not at present proposed to honour the members with tlio distinctive letters F.R.S.V., but in two or three years thoso members who havo distin- guished thomsolves in forwarding tho interests of tho Society will bo permitted to claim a fellow- ship. Among numerous contributions laid upon the table was a copper-plate con- taining an engraving of Melbourne as it was in 1830. Several copies had been struck off by Dr. Becker ; and those who, colonially speaking, are termed "new chums" would have some difficulty in recognising in this pleasant village landscape of 1839 the noisy, populous city of 1860. Bluestone stores at that period were scarce, and gum-trees along Flinders- street and the banks of the Yarra plentiful, while the gardens which sloped down to the romantic Yarra Falls gave the golden capital a pleasant rustic appearance, which it would be difficult to trace in the roads named after Macadam. Dr. Wilkie informed the society of the result of a meeting of the members of the Exploration Fund Committee, which had been heId that day, and it was agreed that active steps should be taken to obtain the use of the grant of money recently voted for exploration purposes by the Legislative Assembly. AN ORDINATION OF PRIESTS, a very interest- ing ooroinonial in tho Catholic Church, took piano I on January 23 in St Patrick's Church. Tho oin didates woro tho Rov. William Finn and tho Itav. John O'connell. The Rifílit Rov. Dr. Goold was the colobrnnt, and tim following clergymon as- sisted:-Dean Jj'ilzpatrick, Dr. Barry (President of tho Collogo), Dean Hayes (from Goolong), Hov. Messrs. M'Carthy, Haydon, Mooro. Mal- don, oud lundinna, 'l'lio c-cieiiioiiy lusted about an hour, and it is worthy of ' remark that tho Hov. Mr. Finn is tho fir»t -priest educated and ordnined in Victoria. i ' JUVKNUX ABSTINENCE SOCIETIES.-OU Jan- uary 30 a meeting of delegates from tho various juvonilo abstinence societies in and aroun I Melbourno vvaB held, in tho Temporáneo Hall, ..Russell-street, Mr. Pryor,, from Brunswick, in ..tho chair. Tho delegates] present wore from Melbourno, Mr. Seymour; ; from St. Kilda, Mr. J. W. Wobb ; from Carlton, Messrs, Burtt and Weeks; from Abbotsford, Messrs. Hayoi and Davidson ; from Brunswick, Messrs. Pryor and Miles ; from lüast Brunswick, Mr. J, B. -Hollo ; from Hawthorne, Metsrs. Serpell ana Lodiio ; from Richmond, Mr. J. Barwood. Mr. Edwin Wilson was requested-to act as secietnry, and Mr. Callaghan as treasurer, to tho Ooa fcroneo. The question that first engaged the attontion of the delegates was the expediency of holding this year a demonstration similar to til it of last year, and it was utimatcly resolved ti hold a public mooting in tho opon air in tho Zoological Gardens or its vicinity. The mootiu,' will bo preceded by a procession of tlio children through tho principal streets of Molbourno. Various other matters of detail wero considered, and the Conferonco adjourned ( till Monday fort- night. . \ DlSKASB AMONG SHEEP.-Very serious intel- ligence lins ronchad us frorn Clunes respecting n, fatal disoase which has broken out among tho sheep in that district. ' On one run alono, out of a flock of 1,000 ewes ,and rams latoly purchased from Mr. Hodgkinson by Mr. Egan, 250 wero found lying dead, and 150 moro dying. This alarming discovery wns.mado on Thursday last. As soon as the fnot-hocamo known te tho neighbouring settlers, it waa instantly re- solved to purohaso from Mr. Egan the remaining 450 of tlio flock, -which already Bhowcd signi of being attacked, more or loss, by tho disease, and destroy thom by fire. Au obstacle, howovor, presented itself to the accomplishment of this object in tbo shapo of an unreasonable demand by Mr. Egan that ho should receive 13s. for each owo. the market price being duly from 7a. to 8s. Feeling that no time was to bo lost, and that delay of oven one day might* provo dangorous to the stock in tho surrounding district, the farmers agreed to indemnify Mr. Egan for his loss by giving lum 500 ewes in threo months' limo, taking into consideration that it would nut b.! safo to placo any sheep on the ground at an earlier period. Groat fears ara entertained in the district respecting tho largo number of shcop now being brought over from Sydney, it being thought that thoso aro not wholly froe from the discaso, whioh is called " catarrh," and » gonoral opinion prevails that seme legislation is impera- tively nooded to protect tho farmers. By tho samo account wo leam that tholgrass is fast dis- appearing, and it is supposed that in a fortnight more thoro will bo none left. ' A DEATH HY SUN-SMOKE occurred at Chinos on January 21. Tho Ballarat Times says :-" Tha man had boon working during the greater portion of tho day nt tho big dam, when' ho suddenly fell down, apparently in a fit. Assistance was at once afforded, but beforo he could bo carried to his teat ho was quite dead." . ltAiLWAY TO CAPE PATTERSON COAL-FIELD. -Tho steps takou by tho Hi lghton Municipality ' some montliB sinco with rsforonco to tho oon truetion of a railway to Capel Patterson,-and ?whioh resulted in tho meeting (on tho 15th of S ptembcr last) of delegates from most of tho suburban Municipal Councils and Courts of Petty Sessions, the City Council,, and the Mornington and South Bourke Association, who appointed a deputation to wait on theSurveyor-Gonoral,-hava como to a head for tho r)resont.t A second mooting was convenedj at the Town Dull pn the 20th, at which about a ilo¿en delegates,, were present, and ¿ho chair having been taken j by 'Mr. Warner' (chairman of tho Brighton Council); the minutes of the last meeting wore read, nud confirmad. Tho chairman then reported that tho deputation had on the 1st of October ' last waited on the Surveyor-General, who had declined to promise, on behalf of tho Government, i that G por cent. ' intorost should bo guaranteed on the outlay for » railway. He (the Survoyor-Goneral), howovor,, promised that the land required for tho pro- posed railway should bp reserved, and also that an assistant wirvoyor engaged near the line of the projoctod railway should, bo diroetod to make a preliminary survoy of tho game. The report being adopted, Mr.Walkor, of Dandenong Grange, movod that a Committee of four dole gates-viz., Messrs. liitzgibbon,'YValkcr, Mason, and Warner, should bo appointed, to make fur- ther inquiries as to t ho fact of tho existence of a workablo coal-field in the vicinity of Cape P.U terson. This course was considered by Mr. Fitzgibbon and Mr. Mason as tantamount to an adjournment sine die of the business of the meet- ing. A discussion ensued, in which Mr. M'Caw took the opportunity to exhibit two horseshoes, hammered into shape from virgin iron picked up near Cranbourne, as proving the richness of the district through which the railway was to pass. Mr. Walker then withdrew his motion, and proposed another, to the effect that the Committee previously named should wait on the Chief Commissioner of Lands and Survey, to obtain the promised information, as well as to exhibit the virgin iron alluded to, and ask for a survey of the Western Port district, with a view to arrive at a proper estimate of its mineral riches. Mr. Fitzgibbon seconded the resolution, vtluo'i was earned unanimously. The mooting thai I'.nsbcd a resolution, which called upon tho dole gates not to ahato their oxovtions ; and after a voto of thanks to Mr. Warner and Mi'. Burtt (secretary) for t their exertions, adjouriiod io a dato to bo named by the chairman, after tin interview vvith the Chief Commissioner of Ii nils I and Survoy. | TnE CITY ¡GAS AND Cour. CDJITANV. - A special mcoting of the ,sh;u cholders of the I City of Melbourno Gai and Coko Company was held on January 2.1, for the purpoäo of receiving the roporr, for the half-year end- ing December, 1859. The report was con- sidered satisfactory by 'thoso present. Tin I financial statement showed an ineroaso iu tin I business and receipts of tho previous six months. I A dividend of 0 por cont. was declared, to bo pail i on tho 31st of January, tho balanco to the credit of tho company being Xi:{,7313s. lid. | Increased accommodation, both as far as rogard* I reducing tho price of gas nnd laying doini sovor.il extra milos of pipes, has been afforded to tho publio during the last half- year, mid the directors expect to bo ablo to make a still further rccluc- t tion in tho price. , MUBBAV COD IN THE YAW: V.-Four or fivo sTiall fishes woro oauglifc on January 27 in tho Yarra by a boy who was angling near tho Haw- thorne Bridgo, which, upon examination, turne.1 out to bo undoubted specimens of tho Murray Uiver cod. Ono of them, measuring about three inches in length, was brought nlivo to tho offijo of this paper, and nt the timo wo irrito still ro- j mains swimming about in a tolerably healthy con- dition. It has boon seen by n gentleman j thoroughly capable of giving an opinion on tlio ' subj'ect, and pronounced' a genuino Murray Uiver cod. We trust that anglers who may catch any of these littlo fish will bo careful lo throw thom buck into the stream, so ni, to avoid retarding the success of tlio experiment which was inituitod by Mr. Edward Wilson threo years ago, and whiuh now appoars likely to terminate in tho spoody stocking of the Yann with theso magniüoont fish. Mr. 0'SHANAS.SY AND THE Pon:.- Wo lonrn that'tho Hight Ile v. Dr. Goold, on his rocant return from Kurope, brought with hi in from tho Court of Romo an Order of tho Knight of St. Gregory, conferred bythoPopo upon Mr. O'sha- nassy, ns a tostimony of his services on behalf o' lloman Catholicism in this colony. The letter patent bearing tho distinction, which is datod ai far back as December, 183S, is a parchment M.S., i setting forth in Latin tho i casons which induoo I His Holiness to confer tho title. It boara th) | teal of tho Propaganda, nnd ii signed hy twj Cardinals. The Order is a double gold cross o: eight bars, of a star-like appearance, and in th .. centro is a brief inscription. The cross is BUÏ ponded from a gold ling, hanging from a roi ribbon. Dr. Goold ha«, wo believe, already in- vested tho recipient. ST. DAVID IN VICTORIA.-St. Gcorgo, St. Andrew, and St. Patrick aro each fortunata enough in this highly-favoured colony to bj commemorated on their respectivo natal days, or upon tho uoareat appioxiiimtion to tlom which modern chroniclers aro ablo to specify. Why not, thon, St. David of Wales? This thought appears to have struck a number of enthusiastic Cymri, a select band of whom mit at tho Albion Hotel on- February 15, and, aftir long deliberation, determined upon appointing a Committee of 100 pontons to carry into offoat the project of holding a dinner on tho 1st of March, at which all who reverence tho pntroa saint will havo nu opportunity of doing honour to his name. Further arrangements, we under- stand, will bo duly notified. Foun SirnvivoRS or inn Ci:i:w OF TIXIÎ ROYAL CITUITEH uro amongst the crow of tho Grcnt Britain. Their names aro :-.Too Itodgouri (the Mnlteso soaman who.'ewam ushoie with. ti» rope hy which tbo greater number of Ihn sur- vivors of the wreck escaped), John O'ltrioa,, iii orge Gibbon, and William M'Cnrti. Kodgourj, though much noticed and puiiscd, has conduote I himself with grcnt modesty o\ cr since tho accom- plishment of a feat of during which should ranko his name famous. AT A MEiiriNcf or TUB VIC TOWAN- CAITH- NESS ASSOCIATION,!held in lho Southoni Oro« Hotel on I'obruaiy 7. Henry Budge, Hin, , in til J chair, tho ltcv. Mr. Gunn, of 'Ç.inipbcllfie-ld, dj livercd à very interesting rmdjnstruetivo lectura on tho geology nnd early history of CaithnojJ ; in tho courMi'of which ihej-rSV. gentlemtiu re- marked that, although the!County was now bloik and destitute of trees, jet somo,hundrodsof yoxn ngo it was so thickly timbered that the Norwe- gians and Swedes, to have niora scope to oarry | on their warfare ng.ain.st theil- sturdy oppononti, sent over hordes of soldiers, vi ho burnt tlio woi li nr>a committed other acts of spoliation. Tna sppe-iiority of the OnithncKs paving btono over that of any other county, and it-i extensivo uso even in this colony, were also alluded to by til j rev. lecturer. Votes of thanks to Mr. Gunn na I to tho Chairman wero respectively tendered, nail acknowledged. i Two Fi.NK LION CUBS WKKH Bony at Cre 1 momo Gardens on tho Oth of Fcbiiinry, aud aro described as doing well. THE "DON TESTIMONIAL" was presented on . tho 13th at a supper given to tho démocratie re- presentative of Collingwood, ut tho Koyal Goorgo Hotel, Iloddlc-strcel, Culliiiguood. "Tho meû was served up in a tent elected, for lho occasion nt tho back of tho hotel, and bolweou "00 and S30 persono vveie present. Mr. T. 15vc¡.prcsidod, and i-everul M.L.A.'s, near neighlioiiis of Mr. Don in tho House, Mero present on the occasion. A brass band, composed of masons who had availed them- selves of tlio eight-hour system to btudy musio, Eerformed pieces approjiriato to tho various toasts, ut witii fur moro zeal than etlicicncy. Tho testi- monial consisted of a purso of upwards of 20!) sovereigns, and its presentation was ¡tcknoivlcdgod by Mr. Don in u speech of over au hour anil n hulf's duration. Several other toasts prolonged lho proceedings till a some« hat lato hour. "> THE VIOTOKIA AUXILIARY OB- THIS AIM 'IliALASIAN WllSLKYAN MISSIONARY SOOtKl'Y held its annivorsaiy breakfast, on January 2i Among other interesting statements mado, ono of the speakers said that hivtidscmio contribution! wero sent in by tho natives of tho Friendly lUnnds, the Fij'i, and New Zealand. Ono tribe lind given seven tons of cocou-nut oil ; another J-122 for Bibles; and a tliird hud forwarded J223D to tho Bible Society al home. BLACK SWANS FOR ENOLAND. -Mr. Coppin has despatched to Mr. Edward Wilson, by tha Lightning, four black swans, and expects tint the samo number will leave jJioitly-probably in the Great Britain. . s NEW SKAI-OUT.-Our Adelaide correspondent telegraphs thal n now seaport has j'ust beon dis- covered nnd surveyed by Captain Douglas, two milos oast of Capo Northumberland, nnd twenty miles from Mount Gambier. There aro large tracts of valuablo agricultural lund in the vicinity. i TUE MOROCCO, JEWS' RELIEF COMMITTISB met on tho 14th inst. at 3 o'clock p.m., iu tho Synngoguo Chambers, Bourko-strcet east, Mr. Ii. Cohen in the chair. The gross amount collected by tho various mcmbci» el thojOominiUce up to tho present timo was stated, to be about £309. Of this sum Mr. J. G. Silva"collected £82 14s., and Mr. E. Cohen; £45. A uiÜc-spread feeling of sympathy with tho distressed Jons for whoso benefit the fund is making-,, han!been manifested, and among the subscriberu'are ! many gontlomon of different religious creeds. ! Piioi'osKD POULTRY'Snow.-A preliminary mooting of a few persons interested in establi>li ing a Poultry Club in connection with tho Pjrt Phillip Farmers' Society, took place on tho lJth inst. Tho object of the pceting was to induoo tho socioty to award prizes and establish nn ox'ii bitionof poultry for tho encouragement of tio breed in this colony. It was ultimately agroii upon to hold another meeting, with the snrao ob- ject, ou Friday noxt, when a larger attendance might bo expected; and ,in tho meanwhile to communicato, with the Committee of tho society to ascertain their views on tho.sttbject. TUB ANNUAL MBETINO OF TUB lauír OKANTS' AID SOCIETY, waa'held on the 13th inst., at tho Sooiety's offico in Swanuton-etroot; tho Hon. J. Hodgson, M.L.C., ¡presiding, Tho Secretary road tho report, of tho Acting Com.-" mitteo, togothor with an abstract of accounts up to tho closo of tho past year, from whioh it ap- peared that tho society ia,in a ¡prosperous con- dition. At present tho great ¡drawback is tho lmttcd accommodation nt .thelllomo ; audit-U hoped "that sufficient asslstahob will ho forth- coming to ennblo tho society to Construct a build- ing ot moro appropriate dimensions, ami in other ways to oxpnnd thoir sphere of usefulness. Tun ANNUAL MEETING OP THE MELISOUENU AUXILIAKY OK THE LONDON- MLSSIOWABV SO- CIETY was held o» tho" lXh ins . The Hon. I». Wilkie, M.L.C., presided; mut, -soveml in- teresting statements vvuro made, the ltov. T. Williams (formorly a niissiounj-y at tho Fiji Is- lands), tho ltcv. K. Fletcher c f St. Kilda, aid othor ministers, taking part in the proceedings. The income rculised by tho Auxiliary during tha pust year, it appears, was upwards ot £175. Inn ST. .KILDA MKCIMNICSJ INSTITUTE is at length a groat fact, tho On in mitteo of Manag; nient having, talton two /houses in Inkormai ntrcot, closo to tho Town Heil, for arcadia { room; ice. - The1 two front rojoms havo bean thrown, into ono, and it noiy makes a Iar"'j clinrabor, capable of affording, accommodation to a considerable number ot;tho subsorihord. Tho Instituto (was opened for the first tirao on the 25th of January. ! . TUB ltoYAL CIIAIITKR.-Wc «ndorstond that Mr. Coppin has forwarded * to Messrs. Bri'ln Brotbors and Co. a cheque for - .,102 8a., astfu result of a feto held on February 11, ¡u »id of the fund for tho relief of tho sufferere by thowrcok of the Koyal Charter. The Committee announce sub- scriptions, including this, to ¡tho amount of £239 Is. Independently of thik ovor £39 h%i leen transmitted (brough the offico of this Jcurnal for thd benefit of tho fawiK of tlio Rjv i>. Hodge,' cn» of.vhiWUro-.uiLd. Mr.l «dwarda . u artiger -or tho Thuara Itoyal, prwoato-i Joseph llodgeurs, last nicht, with a purso con- taining '40 sovereigns, sobsoribed by a number of gentlemen, as a slight testimonial to tlu "intrepid seaman," whoso name has been for s uno days past in everyone's mouth. Rodgcu-s 'lins got tho sovereigns, that is at least stt'n faHory, and though we havo not tho slightest in- to ition of saying a word in favour of their prese 1 tation being mado a theatrical attraction, we arj h ippy to acknowledge that tho proceedings at t'i i Thoatro Royall.ist night wore, from thoir brovit/, plainness-, and apparent bincerity, fnv niora «, credit to the management than would havo b3 i i any attempt at scenic accessories, or tho rociii tion of bad verses' 'Mr. Edwards appeared o i tho stage, and with,a fow woll-ehoson remark«, which did not sound studied or affected, intr> duced Uodgeurs, who mado a modest bow tv the audience, and a-cccived tho meed of his bravery without moro ado. Tho houso choori I him-and a right hearty cheer it was-to t'u echo. Having tnketi the purse, Rodgours vvhii percd a few worels in the manager's, car, whi ;'i tho latter explained to tho audience. They wore to tho effect that, not being too famili u with, tho English 'language, ho could mt ninko them a speech, but that they might ho assured ho would do a__lio had done ngxin if ho wero placed in a Snffilar situation. T«ij curtain fell, but Rodgeursiwas onco moro sum- moned beforo it, mid, apparently with consid-T ablo diffidence ns to* his position, was piloto I across tho stage by Mr.' Edwards, who, failing to induce him to withdraw behind tho curtain in ti .«-tvictly professional style, was obliged to allow liim to effect his escapo by tho proscenium door, through which Rodgours quickly mado his exit, .-midst tlio good-humoured hmghter of ths audience. ' ' ODD FELLOWS' FETE.- Swnnston-street. on the 13th iiifat., at noon, presented an unusually ani- mated and busy appearance. :' loiis, added" to each moment ns tho curiosity if the passer-by led him- to satisfy himself as: to the cause of tho assemblage, was congrogated m Iho vicinity of the Railway Hotel, from the: windows of whioh hostelrie sundry banners, v\ ith enigmatical dovicos, "waved over tho heads nf the people. Hero and"thero might bo seen: scattered through the motley crowd individuals attired in fantnstio garb,'.adorned with silicon .«?c-iirfs, and many-coloured ribbons, all wear- ing holiday faces apm-opriate to somo fostiva occasion. Thoso of the lookers on who wore njt in tho secret found no solutionofitiu the attempt to decipher the armorial bearings displayed before them. Tho dovico, a ." heart in a hand,'" upon a bluo ground, appeared almost ns enigma- tical as tho mystic letters'M."U.I.O.O.F., P.P.D. which surmounted it. ' Ono^flng of gigantic di- mensions, borne by two standarel-bearers, repre hcuted a group of ligures, tho chief of whioh, a lady of regal port, attired Mn white muslin, ap- peared in Iho act of extending her nrotootiu? hand over another lady dressed in a widow's cap, vi ho, surrounded by taroo' children, clung to her majesty's dress in the endeavour to escapo fron n very odd-looking ruffia.vwearing tho kilts, who threatened the family with a battlo-axo. Undor neath was the motto- - « * " Amlcitia, amor, ot veritas." with somo further reference" to tho widow and orphans whose perilous position was so truthfully pourtrayed above. Other banners, equally gro tes.quo in character and mysterious in thoir sig- nification, added to tho wonderment and de- light of the junior portion of the crowd; a-id ns tlie different groups of tho odd-lookin<" in- dividuals increased in number and tho standard bearers ranged in. tho order of a procession, it was discovered that the pageant was a grand demonstration of the M. U. I. O. Odd Follows, P.P.D., in aid of tho Widows' and Orphans' Fund. Tho procession, which consisted of abouti 300 persons, collected from the different lodge« throughout the colony, formed at tho District! Chambers nt 1 o'clock, and proooeded to C re morno, whore a moro than usually attractive programme invited thom to spend the day. Tha Ïirocession was under tho direction of Marshal ioniface. Arrived at Cremorne, the gay throng; dispersed, to seek amusement in the gardens, and to add in no small degree to tho gula appeir anco of tho place» The /¿ie"vvas in celobratioa of tho anniversary of tho first establishment of the ordor of Odd Fellows in this colony. TIIB gardens wero numerously attended in the even- ing, and tho entertuinments«went off with great eclat. Tho display of fireworks was generally pronounced as equal to anything of the kind that has taken placo in this colony. REGISTRATION OF VOTEBS.-Tho Select Com- mittee appointed to inquirbjnto tho working of tho present system of registration of voters has, in pursuing its inquiries, forwarded to tho deputy registrars throughout tho various electoral dis- tricts of the colony a list of questions as to tha working of tho prcbont system,, and desiring sug- gestions for its improvement. Wo understand that tho registrars aro very generally of opinion that tho present plan is altogether in operativo, and that it affords great facilites for illegal vo- ting, both ns regards impersonation and disquali 'Tictition "by non-residonco,'while, on the other hand,'tlio registrars have np power to rectify errors which they know to exidt'. As a case in point, tho electoral roll for Fitzroy contains somewhat over 3,000 names, and thoVmunicipal roll about 2,700, the excess of theonorovêrtho othor boing caused by the number of tlio Parliamentary voters who aro not householders. During the past year no less than 0881 ñames havo -boon drawn from the municipal roll, in consequonoo o£ ratepayers leaving the district. Tho whole oE theso changos, with féw'ôxceptions, affect the) Electoral Roll ; and in addition to them there ara the changes among the still more migratory classe of Parliamentary voters, namely thoso who reside) in lodgings. Tho necessary " corrections in the» ratepayers' roll aro, of course, made by tho col- lector, but no such power attaches to the regis-«' tiar, and the names of the majority of theso non- residents remain on the Electoral Roll. PORTRAIT OP SIR CHAÍLES HOTHAM. There waB oxhibitod on January 30, in tho cham- ber of the City Council, a life-sized portrait o£ tho lato Governor of Victoria, Sir Charlo* 'Hotham, IC.C.B. The painting is the work o£ Mr. Richmond, an English àirtist of celebrity, and its presentation to the Oity Corporation is ia accordance with a promiso made by his late Ex« cellonoy, and which he desired Lady Hotham to carry into offect if prevented from doing so him- self. The likeness was copied from a photograph, taken, apparently, at a period anterior to Sic Charles Hotham's becoming Governor of Victoria» Ho is presented reclining against a jutting rook on the Bca-shoro, his arms folded, and one foot and leg crossed over the other. The head U turned as if somo object had arrested attention, and the features aro presented to the spectator in three-fourths profile. The portrait represent« truly that which Sir Charles was-a distin- guished British naval officer. The attitude) is ono of _ repose, but the countenaneer shows tho iron will, penetration, and solf possession of tho commander. This appear* to have been the artist's ' ruling idea, and ho has successfully pourtrayed it. The mouth ¡J* firmly compressed, and drawn in at the corners, tho lips slightly curled, while the ejois resting with a calm but eager gaze on the object attract- ing its notice. Tho .figuro,. which is tall and spare, stands out in , bold relief from % cold, groy, stormy sKy, only.disclosingono glimps« of tho azuro canopy,* while near the hori- zon the rays of the setting sun impart t« the mass a sickly yellow"; tingo. No posi- tion could bo more appropriate than that which the artist has choson, and no blending o6 colours conld give the picture a botter effect« The head is uncovered, and it seems as though: tho chill wind was blowing asido the hair, whioh is combed up from each 'temple, to cover the comparatively-bald crownr Sir Charles is wearing tlio collar of the Bath, and its brilliant hue re- lieves the otherwise monotonous uniform. Tho details of tho picture aro almost tho perfection of. good tnsto. The painting, as a work of art, ha» won the admiration of, all,vvho_ have soon it, and tho likeness is pronounced* to bo very striking. The fraino is gilt, of Grecian design, tho severity of its stylo being in keeping wiih the character of, the painting it encloses".''The work was ex- hibited at tho Royal Academy prior to its ship* mont, and was highly spoken of. MODEI, OF BALLABAT.^Thero is now bein* exhibited in the large roora hi. Kyto's-buildingaJ B«Jurko-street, a model of the town and district; of Ballarat. It is tho work of Mr. J, C. Lv-, who States that he spent l8 months in its pre- paration. In measurement', the inodol is about '¿7 foot by 15, and may be pronounced a faithful and ininutely-detailod representation of tha township of Ballarat and outlying districts. Ths general topography is preserved, tho course o£ the leads mnrked out, anil, tho buildings are oxaot miniatures of tho originals. Tho work haï been most patiently and ingeniously executed. and wo hope will reward the labour of the artist. Wo understand it is his intention to proceed with it, after a short interval, to Europe, and there, if"' distanco londs onohantment to tho view," it "»»ill, in all probability, attract considerable a,t tcution. . ' :, i CRIMINAL STATISTICS.-Tho following sta- tistics will bo of interost, as .affording some ide» of tho amount of business transacted during the vcar in tho Central and Western Gaols of Mol- bourno, both of which'aro'undcr the govornor s'lin of Mr. Wintle. The Western Gaol is gone rully appropriated to female ,'prisoners and lu nntics, and the Central Gaol, to thoso of the ratio BOX awaiting trial or underdsontenco of confin.8 * ment. The total numbor of thoso who have Îns«cd through the two gaols during tho yoar BG9 was 4.3JIJ - 3,115- of;tI«Mo being milo* and 1,281 females. Tho''average number oE prisoners oaeh day'during ''tlio year was 3 li and a fraction. The total number of prisoner* brought beforo the Supremo Court for trial from the two gaols was 471. Thero were five oxocu. t'lons during the 12 months, ' and 13 prisona« condemned to capital ptmisliment had their son« tences commuted. 