LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, MAT 33BD. I Tba SPEAKER took toa ohalr ai hatf-past three o'olook. FLOODS AT RICHMOND. Mr. WALKER presented a petition from certain in. habitants in the neighborhood of Riobmond, repre- senting that in consequence of some lands having been washed away by the late floods, their communication with the town had been ont off. and praying for the con. sideration of the Honsa. ALDERMAN NORTHWOOD. Mr. ROBERTSON laid on the table a copy of the opinion of the Crown Law Offloers in referenoe to Alderman Northwood's alleged obstruction of Market, street. In doing so he wished to oorreot the statement he bad made the day before. Alderman Northwood had applied to the Government, and the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Cowper, had written to the Town Clerk, whose reply was that there coujd be no objeotion to notify to Alderman Northwood that the Government would not proceed with the street. The notification had been made in oonseqnenoe. The papers were ordered to be printed. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. CLEMENTS moved that leave of absence, for one week, be granted to the honorable member for Camden, (Mr. Wild). ' Granted. MR. JUSTICE HOLROYD. M'. GARRETT asked the honorable the Premier " Whether the Government are aware of the Metropo- litan District Conrt Judge, Mr. Holroyd, having, on Tuesday, loth May, adjourned the Conrt at half.past two o'clock, for the purpose of attending the half-yearly meeting of the Mutual Provident Sooiety, in which pub- lic company he was a candidate for a director ? 2. If the Government have heard the report that such ad- journment did take place, whether they have made any inquiry into the subject, or oalled upan Mr. Holroyd for an explanation?" He wished also to add another ques- tion-" Were the Government aware that Mr. Holroyd had sinoe been eleated a direotor?" Mr. ROBERTSON said the Government. had heard nothing about the matter ; neither did they think it their duty to make inquines. (Hear, hear.) PETITION OF UNEMPLOYED. Mr. PARKES presented a petition signed by W. Jennett as chairman of a meeting held on Tuesday night on tho race-course, praying for inqniry into the circumstances of tbs late disturbance in front of the Parliament House, (The petition will be found in our yesterday'* isBUe.) Mr. KEMP was remarking that tho assertions con- tained in the petition wera not in aoaordance with fact, when he was called to order. The petition waa received. TUMUT ELECTION. Mr. FORSTER asked the honorable the Secretary for L'nds-1. Has tba Colonial Seoretary written to the Returning-officer for the eleotoral distriot of the Tumut, directing, notwithstanding the irregularities at the recent election for Tumut, tbat a pall should be held at Adelong, being a poll subsequent to the day appointed for the general polling, and subsequent also to the day appointed for the return of the writ for Tumut? 3. If the Colonial Secretary has so written, bas the pro:eeding been taken on the advice of the law officer of tbe Crown ? 3. If such proceeding has been taken, what day bas been appointed for polling at Adelong-and bas the same been proclaimed-or is it intended to proclaim the same in the usual way ?" Mr. ROBERTSON replied in the affirmative. On the 17th instant, tho Colonial Secretary wrote to the Return- ing-officer, desiring that a poll should be held at Adelong as soon as possible. Tbat was not opposed to the Eleotoral Act of 1858. The course had met with the concurrence oi the Attorney-General. JAMES BOYLE. Mr. HODGSON asked the Honorable the Premier " Whether it is the intention of the Government to take into their favourable consideration the petition of James Boyle, presented to this House on the 27th April last ? ' Mr. WEEKES said tbe person in question had received tbe ordinary compensation on retiring from the public service, namely one month's pay for every year be had served. The Government did not think the cir- cumstances of the case were Buch as to warrant any further action in the matter, but they would give it their consideration. SPECIAL TRAINS. Mr. HODGSON asked The Honorable the Seoretary for Publio Works-" 1. Whether the Government are aware tbat a special train took its departure from Syd- ney to Parramatta and back, on Saturday, May 12th ; and, if so, under what circumstances ? 2, Whether the Government are aware that this special train, on its return to Sydney, did not comply with the rules laid down by the Railway Commissioners, by whioh all special trains are required to give way to the daily or ordinary trains ; bat in defiance of such rules, continued on its coarse, earning s very narrow escape of a collision (in Bight of the Homebush station) with tbe evening mail train, leaving Sydney at 5.45 p.m." The honor- able gentleman was proceeding to Btate as faats tbe cir- cumstances referred to in the question when he WSB called to order by Mr. PARKES, who said such a state- ment might be denied and then discussion would erjBue. The SPEAKER agreed that in asking a question nothing Büould be said that was likely to provoke dis- cussion. Mr. ARNOLD said the Government were aware of the \- running of such spécial train. It was to en*bla certain. i officer» ot tba Goren* ment, of whom ha waa one, to inspect portions of the line of railway. Hts was not aware that th «ere had been any danger. If there was, the Ministers had their share of it. With regard to the special train .not haring giran way to the .rdinary one, tbat was in conséquence of an order improperly issued by ose of tho officers on the line, for wbiob he had been censured. Mr. HAY inquired whether all tin Ministers were present. Mr. ARNOLD said, No, not all. Mr. HODGSON inquired whether thor» wera two engines or one. Mr. ABNOLD said there was one at first, but finding a seoond in a siding with the steam ap, they availed themselves of it. MISREPORTING. Mr. LUCAS rose to a point ef order. The-honorable" member proceeded to point out a number of irraoouraoiea in the report of his epeeoh on the previous evening') an the subjeot of the social condition of the working classes, as published in the Herald; bat, owing to tbe low tons of voioe in which he spoke, and the hum which prevailed in tha House, the greater part of his remarks were-lost. The honorable member having referred to several pas. sages wnicn ne eua were incurred. Mr. WALKER rose to order. He laid tbat the Hocus was not bound by tba reports of the Herald or of any other paper. The SPEAKER said that the honorable member (Mr. Luoas) was speaking by way of ezplanafon ; and it was UBnal to permit suoh explanations to be made. Mr. LUCAS then pointed out a passage whsrein ha was made to say that lhere were 3,600,000 persons in the ] almshouses in England. He remarked that ha never said anything'of the kind ; but that was only in keeping with all the proceedings of the Sydney Morning Herald. MESSAGES FROM THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL. Messages were reoeived from the Governor-General, annoanoiug that his Exoellenoy, on behalf of ber Ma- jesty, bad assented to the Bill for securing the purity of the water for the supply of the town of Parramatta ; and to the Bill, an'horising the construction of a tramway from Mount Keira to the harbour of Wollongong. WAYS AND MEANS. On motion of Mr. WEEKES, the Speaker left tha chair, and the House resolved itself into a committee of tha whole, for the consideration of tha supply to he granted to her Majesty for the year 1S00. Mr. WEEKES then moved-" That towards making goad tba supply to -be granted to her Majesty for tho year 1800, a sum of £100,071 be granted out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund for New South Wales." The resolution was passed without discussion. Mr. WEEKES next moved-"That towards making good the supply granted to her Majesty during the pre- sent session, a sum of £113,803 be raised by the sale of "ebentures, scoured on the Consolidated Revenue Fund, and bearing interest at the rate of not more than five per cent, per annum, to defray the cost of public works, and to pay off certain Land and Immigration Debentures falling due in the year 1800." Mr. DARVALL said, be would lika to know whether if this sum included the sum of ¿83,000, voted the other evening? Mr. WEEKES said, that SB bad already been ex- plained, an attempt was made to pay off the sam of £83,000 falling due this year out of the ourrent re. venue ; but this attempt had, owing to unforseen cir- cumstances, failed. Under these oiroumstacoes, it was not only competent to him, but it was his duty, to place this sum in the category of the other deben- tures fallinR due this year. Mr. DARVALL said it appeared to him that it would be better that the vo'e for this sum of £63,000 should ba taken distinctly for the purposes for which it was ob- tained. As the debentures in question were paid off, the application should be to make up the defioit in the re- venue occasioned by money being applied to other pur- poses. Without wishing to attribute blame to tha Government, be thought the better way would be to pro- pose to issue debentures for the purposes for whioh they were intended. Mr. FORSTER made a few remarks to the same pur- port. Mr. WEEKES said that the same oourse was pursued in this instance which was taken up by the Bill of the Government, of which the honorable member who had just sat down was a member. The two oases were pre- cisely similar, After a few remarks from Mr. SAMUEL, the resolu- tion was put and passed. The House then resumed, and the report was adopted. BILL TO RAISE LOANS ALREADY APPROPRI- ATED. Mr. WEEKES moved for leave to bring in a Bill to raise loans for certain publio works, and to pay all land and immigration debentures falling doe in I860. Agreed to. APPROPRIATION BILL. Mr. WEEKES moved for leave to bring in a Bill to appropriate and apply, cut of the consolidated revenue fund of New Sooth Wales, oertaln sums to maka good the supplies granted for the service of the year 1830-60. Mr. FORSTER would grant, tbat as a general rule it was quits right to treat motions suoh as those as a matter of form, but ia a new oountry, there was no analogy in mattera of this kind to the old. Undoubtedly, tba estimates had been passed, but that amounted to a mere mode aa to the way their money abould be ex- pended, and they were entitled to say whether it should be expended. He hod no intention on the present oooasion to express his want of confidence in tbe Government, nor had heany desire to express his want of confidence in the Government land polioy-it having no existence. The question was not whether be agreed with the honorable gentlemen of the Govern- ment in general principles. With regard to tba proposition of the Government to lay a Land Bill on the table, it might be very satisfactory, but he was aware that it was in their power to fish about for opinions, and by the next session to bring in a totally different mea- sure. The stand be purposed to take on the present oooasion was placed on totally different grounds. It was on their financial erisis. He believed that this year they would do nothing but pass Estimates, and honor- able members who turned the late Government out had to thank themselves for that. The consideration of the very large sum voled the other night was one reason why he should vote against the present motion. The vital objection it appeared to him against the pre- sent motion waa that the Government had met honor- able members without any budget, and without any means of meeting the deficiency. It was their dnty to prepare themselves for an increasing expenditure. That deficiency was just explained by the Colonial Treasurer, and it was his duty to have explained how that deft, cienoy was to be met. He knew of no suoh instance in the British Parliament, where there was a gross defi- ciency, and no explanation hod been given as to how it was to be met. The Government were bound, before they aBked for the Appropriation Bill, to shew where the money was to come from. The present Ministry had, certainly, inau- gurated a new system of Government. Mr. Donaldson, Tory as he had been called, had utterly repudiated the notion of borrowing money to defray the ourrent expen- diture. That notable plan was reserved for the preseot Government. It remained, then, for the House to decide whether they would sanction the expenditure without hearing from the Ministry how the money waa to be raised. If the Government did not tell them then, they would not during the recess, but would be rather likely daring that time to dip their bands deeper into the publio treasury. The motion for leave to introduce was the opportunity for deciding on the matter. Toe motion for the suspension of the Standing Orders shewed that they had better take time by the forelock. He had a certain melancholy presentiment that he should not suo ceed. He waa sorry, indeed, to take tha course he was then tabing-he had waited some time, but as no honor- able member rose he felt compelled to do so. He thought it would be a disgrace to the oountry if it went forth to the world that so extraordinary a crisis passed by unnoticed. Mr. ROBERTSON said the honorable gentleman's speech was all fallacy. They wera told that tha ejection of the late Ministry bad prevented tbe oountry from having a Land Bill ; and yet they were advised to turn out the present Government, in order to secure a Land Bill. The honorable gentleman expressed confidence in the general polioy of the Ministry-though he Bald he did not exactly know what it was,-but would not trust their financial polioy, because they had not brought down a budget. Bat ha maintained that, to all intents and purposes, they had brought down a budget, if indeed he knewwbat a budget was. - (Laughter.) The honora- ble gentleman oould rely on no one to support him in his present motion bat on those with whom, if he were successful, he could not sot. That was not the usual way in which tbe honorable gentleman conducted his parliamentary tactics. If the honorable gentleman suc- ceeded, publio works would ooma toa stand.still. When be (Mr. Robertson) came into office, be had promised to arrange the finances of the oountry, tn deliberate on the great measures that were needed, and lay on the table a Land Bill, and a Bill for the reconstruction of the Upper Hoose. If they went on with such measures at once, the country would have no opportunity of expressing an opinion upon them. If the House meant to insist on suoh measures they should have done so when the in- tentions of the Government were first made known. The course he proposed would be a saving of tima, as they must have had a prorogation in order ta pus the Eitimates far next jear, They wen told tbat th.« Coir< I per Government had made great errors ia their estimate of revenue, bat that was not the fact, and even if it were, there would still remain the other fact, that the revenue was larger while that Government was in power than io the days ot their successors. Besides, who could have foresees the unprecedented fl ¡ods, whioh cost the country £30.000. or the ¿10,000 additional for éduca- tion, or the ¿'50.000 for increased gaol accommodation T As co the allegation that tbey were liviDg on the land revenue, it was untrue. For they spent out of the ordinary revenue as much as ¿100,000, whiob might fairly be charged to the land revenue. They reoeived for the uss of public land and other pro- perty £330,000 a year, and they paid for interest £300,000. That left £160,000, whioh was farther re- duced by £75,000 for survey. There then remained £75,000, to whioh might be added £300,000 for tbe sale of land, making £375,000; and he would be able to shew that the claims they had to meet amounted to four or five hundred thousand pounds. They were told that it was the duty of the Government to expend the land revenue on the opening up of the country. He appre- hended that those who entertained that view would not deny that the expenditure OD account of the roads were properly chargeable on the land fuad. Then there were the expenses of the department charged with the carrying ont of those works ; sad also of the department ohargabla with the oontrol of the railways. So far from the allegation that the land revenue waa swallowed np in the ooat of management being trae, nothing ot the kind was being done. _ They were ex. pending the whole in publie works, and in other matters whioh were rightly ohergealli ou thtt revenue. The honorable member for Queanbeyan said he had nr> eonfi denca in the present Government ia matters of taxa, tion ; but the Cowper Ministry was the only one that ever dared to bring in a measure of new taxation. Did the honorable member remember the Assessment Bill which was pas ed in opposition to bim, and whieh added £160,000 to the revenuer The Government of the honorable member, on the contrary, was not able to add to the revenue a single pound note. From the moment they took office down went the revenue,and no moreland sales took place. The Cowper Ministry was lesa chargeable than any other with being afraid of new taxation. By placing a new tax on the most powerful interest in the oonntry, they had, as he already stated, increased the revenue by £150,000; and he would say that if the pre- sent Government again met Parliament, they were prepared for a revision of the taxation whioh would shew that they were not afraid to grapple with the question. Mr. SAMUEL said ha saw no distinction between the land revenue, and any other revenue ; they only knew of the consolidated revenue. (Bear, hear, from Mr. Robertson.) The House was aware that there waa a large deficiency in the revenue of the early part of the year, as contrasted with tbe revenue of the correspond- ing part of last year. If they took the first quarter as a criterion, there would be s deficiency in the revenue of the first three quarters to the extent of £970,000 ; and tbe honorable member told them that there would be a supplementary estimate to the amount of £00,000. Then he (Mr. Samuel) could tell the honorable member that the Queensland Government had a claim against them to the amount of £18,009 ; and to meet all this they had the surplus of the honorable the Treasurer amounting to £80,000. Aa to the £63,000 BO frequently referred to, it was agreed ea all banda that this should be paid out of the ovirrent revanne, and to borrow money to pay it off, was nothing more nor less than to supple- ment the revenue by means of a loan. It was said that the oourse now pursued by the opposition was intended to turu out the present Government, bat he could not assent to that assertion. With regard to the question before the House, he denied that the honorable the Treasurer had shewn them any way of meeting the de fisienoy on the revenue. As to the course pursued towards the late Government, honorable membors now on the treasury benches were constantly insisting that they should bring in a Land Bill ; bat the honorable member at the head of the Government sow indignantly declaimed against those who insisted that he ought to bring forward a measure for the adjustment of the question of the publie lauds. He had no doubt, how. ever, bat that the public would see through the Govern- ment, and measure their patriotism at its true vainc He waa of opinion that they would never have a Land Bill from the present Government. He did not believe io a Land Bill being laid on the table ; his idea was that such a measure should rather be taken off the table. He repeated that be was actuated by no desire to see the Government go out on this motion. (Ironical cheers from tbe Government benches.) He* bad no confidence in the present Government-no belief in ' their ability to carry on the affairs of the country, but he had no wish that they should go oat on such a mea- sure sa this. Mr. ROBERTSON in explanation denied that he had ever opposed the late Government on the Estimates, On the oontrary, he always assisted them in passing the Estimates. He also denied that he bad clamoured for a Land Bill. He had clamoured for a land policy, there being some reason to fear that tho Government would not propound suoh a polioy, unless they were urged to it. Mr. BLACK said it had been stated this was a matter of form, but whether or not it seemed to him to afford members of the House an opportunity to express their opinions on the policy of the Government. Had be been disposed to shew a factious opposition, many opportunities had been afforded. But he believed that the passing of the Estimates had not arisen from any confidence in the present Ministry, but to a belief in the absolute necessity of passing the Estinutes. He for his own part had no aonfidenoe in the present Govern- ment". As to the turning out of tho Government or turn- ing in of the Government, it was no consideration to I bim, bat he thinks be should be unfaithful to bis duty if he lost this opportunity of shewing how this Govern- ment had deluded the country and deluded the House. How WOB it those honorable gentlemen bad not intro- duced a Land Bill, after the clamorous demands inces- santly mads for ono before their advent to power ? How was it they bad not brought in a land Bill ? Mr. ROBERTSON said he had brought in three. Mr. BLACK Baid the honorable gentleman bad ex- cused himself by saying that the country was not suffi, oiently acquainted with his views on the subjeot to enable tba House to deal with the question. He believed there waa more in that than was generally änderst od. Neither he, nor the House, nor the country, understood the principle of the honorable gentleman's Land Bills. Tbey were, if they contained the opinions of the present Government, a delusion. His idea of the present Go- vernment was that they were adepts as wary politicians who wished to float with the opinions of the Hons?. He was distrustful of the present Government on the great question of State aid. On that question the honorable gentleman, who sat on the Treasury benches, bad com- pletely departed from his professions, when be said he would give a life interest to young incumbents. On that qiestion it appeared to him as in many others, the honorable gentleman was playing faat and loose. Was that the way a Government should take its stand ? No, they should adhere to some principle, and in such mattera the present Government could well take a lesson from their predecessors. He believed the honorable gentleman waa unsound, vacillating, and trimming, both on the question of State-aid and on tbe great question of éducation. The honorable gentleman's measure proposed to decapitate the really good system of education-the national system-by depriving it of all ita vitality. When they found that there were no means proposed to meet the very serious growing deficit in the revenue how could they vote for this Appropriation Bil), when they found tbat they might be making appropriations to meet which there was no money. After the late vote for £53,000, he had no faith ia the present flnenoial management of this country. They had lately bad an investigation going an into the condition of the railway. He would not attempt to put the saddle on the right horse, ' but he must Bay tho position the Government stood in relation to the contractors was most discreditable. It was a burning disgrace that such enormous Bums as were voted far their railways should be expended with- out a contract. And he would ask the Honse whether they were to leave to gentlemen who had so mismanaged their railway business, the management of the country? For the reasons be had mentioned, if be stood alone he would divide the House on the question before it. It might be said that he and others were proceeding on Borne organised movement, and it might bo said they wanted another taste of power. (Hear, bear.) .He did not care what construction might be pat on the courso then taken by himself and his late colleagues. He knew -nothing of the plan they intended adopting until he came down to the House. But seeing that the Estimates were passed, and that the Appropriation Aat might be passed as well and bettor by any other Govern- ment than by the present, he bad resolved, even if he stood alone, to oppose the motion. The late Ministry had been blamed for patting one of their colleagues in the Upper House, and now they had the Minister par excellence-\he gentleman who worked the antomatom ia the Upper House. Then again the whole adminis- tration of justice was in confusion, and he did not think the honorable the Minister for Landa waa qualified to act in tbat House as Solicitor-General, He had no pre- sent hopes of putting oat tbe Ministry, bat he thonght the time could not be far distant when they would no longer be endured. The conduot of cha present Govern, ment towards the late one was a. transparent mockery. He certainly wonld not ba disposed to let the present Mir¿stry part . with Par u*5!?'. tmtfl they had declared ' their Land polioy. Tba three Billa formerly introduoed, wonld not do for the Hoose or the country. Let them have some small glimmerings as to what the polioy of the Govern, raent waa on the great questions of the day, before they agreed to part with them. Mr. GORDON thought the whole debate a mere per- sonal altercation between tlc present and tba late Government. Opposing an Appropriation Act was an extreme measure, and quite uncalled for. The late Premier seemed determined to have a last sick at the Government. They bad been nearly nina months in session, and unless they proceeded earnestly in the business yet before them, they might yet be delayed another month. Captain RUSSELL thought the quarrel between the two Governments was a very pretty quarrel as it stood, and he would be very sorry indeed to interfere. (Laughter.) Mr. A. CAMPBELL felt that ha would be stultifying himself if, after aiding to pass the estimates, he should oppose the the Appropriation Bill, In the matter of the Land Bill he certainly felt disappointed by the Government. Ha hoped tba honorable the Pre- mier would favour them witb a full exposition of his proposed lind polioy when he laid bis bill OD tba table. He also boped to hear how the defiaienoy in tba revenue was lo be made np. Up to tbe present time there was a deficit of about .£150,000, and it was dme to the House that the means of meeting it should be explained. It was far easier to postpone a Xand Bill,or any other great measure, than to postpone loch a snbjeot as that. The question was then pat and carried without op. position. The mover and seconder were appointed a committee io prepare and bring in the Bill. Mr. WEEKES brought in a Bill to enable the Govern. I ment to raise loans for certain publia works, and to pay off land and immigtation debentures falling due in 1880. The Bill wan read m ftrat tim«- and Mr. WEEKES moved that the seoond reading of the Bill stand an order of the day for Friday next, the order of the day te take precedence* of all other business. He explained that he proposed tbis coarse in order to pre- vent the session being prolonged by the delay which would taka place, were the seoond reading of the Bill deferred till next week. Afr. MARTIN objected' to the Bill having preeedenoe aa was proposed. He believed it would be unwise to re. fuse assent to the introduction of the Bill ; but he did not Bee why they should give undue facili- ties for the passing of the measure. He moved as. an amendment that all the words after " Friday next " he omitted. Mr. WALKER seoonded the amendment. Mr.DARVALL said that to assent to the motion would be to pledge the House to suspend the standing orders, with the view to the passing of the Bill through its several Btages. There was never an oooasion before, and he hoped there would never ba again, when after sitting for niue months, they wera asked to close their sittings without passing a single important measure-the time of the House having been wasted in a miserable contest for ofJBoe. He believed there was a negleot of the interests of the oouotry on both sides (hear, hear) ; but he a^ked the House not to put a climax to their folly by deserting their] posts at a time when several important measures were about beiDg initiated. Tbe time of the if ou so had been wasted,by man who came there as it were to speak of themselves and their deeds,rather tban rf those measures wbioh the interests of the oountry demanded. (Hear, hear.) They were now asked to suspend the Standing Orders without any emergenoy; be bad not heard a word to shew that they ought to burry through tbis Bill in the manner proposed. He admitted that the Appropriation Act was a matter of form; but there were many important measures passing through tha Upper House whioh they wera bound to entertain before they soupht that ease and retirement whioh the did not de- serve. He believed that none but a powerful Govern mont-a Government possessing large influenae with tho oountry oould pasB an effective land measure, and suoh he believed the present Government not to be. Those who desired things to remain as they were might willi the Government to remain in office ; but those who really wished laoked for an adjustment of the question must wish to see a stronger Government entrusted with that duty. The same remarks might be applied to the questions of éducation and State-support to religion. (Hear, hear.) It appeared to him the Ministry asked too much when they proposed to oast aside all the other business on the paper with the view to passing this Bill. He regretted that the proposition had been made ; but as it was made, he felt bound to oppose it. He hoped, however, that the honorable the Treasurer would soe sufñoient grounds to withdraw iL Under any oiroumstanoea he trusted that tbe Assembly would see the advisability of allowing things to take their ordinary oourse for ten days or a fortnight. The one or two motions which he himself had on the paper, miserable as they were, possessed more importance than anything tba Govern, ment bad y et done. He need only instance the Hawkes- bury Benevolent Sooiety Bill, to shew that they would not be justified in thus summarily bringing the Session to a done. Mr. KEMP would support the motion for getting on with tbis Appropriation Bill as quiokly as possible. They were now trying to do what they should have done in November last. Honorable members, inBtead of grap- pling with the difficulty, were constantly debating to see who was to blame. He thought that they were all more or less to blame. It appeared to him there could ba nothing in the publio business of that country that should employ them more than four months of the year. Tbe sooner they separated the better; forthey wer- gifting essentially corrupt. (Oh,oh.) ItwiB si: for OLO mem- ber had a particular road, another a telegraph he wished to have, or a bar of a harbour he wished to gat rid of, and the aame line of argument applied to a large number of members of that House. If they passed the vote now, they could not adjourn before next Tuesday week, and then they wonld require an ad- journment for two months, so that they oould not meet again till August. He would suggest that the Government should ask for a morning Bitting on Satur, day or Monday, for the convenience of private members. ' Mr. WEEKES thought they wonld havo plenty of time to disouss the private Bills before them, as there were important measures yet to pass the Upper House. Tho objeot of the Government was, lu order to prevent the Estimates for tha next year being carried over De- cember, to make a struggle to bring on this measure as Boon BB possible, quito irrespective of whether they re mained in powor or npt. The SPEAKER then put the question that the words proposed to be struok oat stand part of the question, wbioh was carried on the following division : Ayes, si. Mr. Robertson Mr. Atkinson Mr. Wookea Mr. Bolton Mr. Tarry Mr. Flatt Mr. Oloao Mr. Pernell Mr. Kemp Mr. Vornoll Mr. Piddington Mr. Blake Mr. Broughton Mr. Gordon Mr. Diokson Mr. Laycock Mr. M'Arthur Mr. Laidlaw Mr. Irving Mr. (lorrett. Mr. Hoskins Noss, IS. Mr. Black Mr. Darvall Mr. Donlehy Mr. Wilson Mr. Walker Mr. Maoloay Mr. A. Campball Mr. Parkns Mr. Cummings Mr. Nott Mr. Martin Mr. Samuel Mr. Egan Mr. Lucas. Mr. Forster Leave waa then given, and tho Bill was read a first time, Tbe second reading was made the first order of the day for Friday next. FURTHER STAGES OF THE APPROPRIATION BILL. Mr. WEEKES moved--"That tha Standing Orders be suspended on Friday next, BO as to admit of a Bill to appropriate and apply out of tho Consolidated Revenue Fund of New South Wales, certain sums to make Rood the supplies granted for the serries of the year 1809-00, passing through all its remaining stages on that day." Mr. MARTIN oonld see no conceivable reason fer BUS pending the Standing Orders. Mr. BLAKE considered it most important that the present session should be brought to a close as soon as possible. Mr. A. CAMPBELL wonld like to ascertain in what time the House was likely to be brought together again. Mr. ROBERTSON : In the shortest possible time. Mr. A. CAMPBELL considered tbat reply was an ex. position of tho policy of the Government, for the. only reply they ever gave was-" as Boon aa pOBBiblo."- As to tho Land Bill, the honorable member would, no donbt, lay it cn the table, and then put on hts hat and walk out ; nor would he oommit himself to any prinoiple it contained. Mr. ROBERTSON : To every one of them. Mr. A. CAMPBELL thought tho honorable gentleman j should first of all give his views to tbat House, before giving them to sections of the people. He certainly thought they should have a definite period for the meet- ing of the next session. Until tbe Government stated it, and brought another Land Bill, he would not give another vote for them. Mr. ROBERTSON thought every honorable member in that House mast be perfectly aware that the honor- able gentleman was prepared to vote ' against everything the Government proposed. Ho thought the honorable gentleman's caraar in that House, left no doubt that no matter what the Government did, he would be prepared to vote against it. Tho honorable gentleman did not soy ao to bia oon slitneney. Ha got his seat in that House aa . supporter : of that Government, and pretty well he bad supported them. Mr. A. CAMPBELL rose to order. He got his seat ix« that House without any pledge whatever. The SPEAKER: The honorable gentleman mast eaa^g&¡.> fine himself to the point of order. ? -3«S' Mr. A. CAMPBELL was dealing with a point of order-' The honorable gentleman had stated what waa sot at fact. After some further remarks from Mr. ROBERTSON, in reference to the election of the honorable member foe the Williams, and an objection to those remarla by Mr. DARVALL, Mr. ROBERTSON resumed : The honorable member (Mr. A. Campbell) bad asked the Government to do what every public man who knew BDything about Par- liamentary usage, mast know the Government could BIOS do-to state when they woald call the lionas tog« thar after the prorogation. (Hear, hear.) The Government oould not be ashed to make a statement of that kind. He (Mr. Robertson) had no hesitation in stating it aa bis opinion, that the Government would not be warranted in making the prorogation so late aa August. He believed themain objeot in getting toa prorogation waa to make legal the publir e-cpeoditnrer, and to lay before the country their polioy upon the lead» ing questions of the day. (Hear, hear.) Whatever the? Government bad promised they would endeavour to par« form ; and whatever any member of the Governments had* pledged himself. to do-, he ( Mr. Robertson) con- sidered him boaud to perform. They had stated to that House the course they intended to pursue, and thar ooarse they would be preparad to carry ont. After all the charges made against the Government, if they didi as mueh as they hod promised, they would be doing well -they woald not promise any more-they wore not likely to do any mon-. (Hear, hear.) MT. FORSTER having reviewed the remarks mada by the honorable member (Mr. Blake) said, that tho House had distinguished itself during the session by Bhewing its capacity fer legislation, (Laughter.) They, had spent an immense amount of public time in making, speeches, and authorising large expenditure of pab&s; money. They bad invested the public rooneys! upon localities which retarned a number ot" Ministerrat supportera. (Hear, hear.) He considered that by passing-the motion now before the House, they would, conclude the history of the session by an aot of indecency auite in keeping with its antecedent!*. Mr.LUGAS thought it was indecent for the Gaven» ment to attempt to pa89 a motion of this kind after tba haste whioh they- had already displayed in lushing the» estimates through the Hoste. He would vote against the motion, seeing that there was so much important: business apon the paper yet to be disposed of. Mr. WALKER would oppose the motion on principle,. Boeing that there was a large amonnt of publia business» npon the paper that demanded immediate consideration. No member had a right to assume that there would bo» no House next week, in consequence of there being cer- tain aporta about to come offl Mr. EGAN expressed hie intention of voting against: the motion, beoause the Government had failed to bring; down the Land-Bill, whioh they had led the country ' to look forward to. Tba House ought not to> separate befóse taking steps to satisfy the wishes of Ute) country aa regarded the passing of a Lind Bill. Tier country had for the last two years openly expressed ita opinions as to what kind of a Land Bill was wanted. It was, therefor-?, a mere subterfuge to say tbat the» Ministry desired to give tba country time to consider tho» Land Bill, whioh they would lay upon the table probably at the eleventh hour. Mr. HOSKINS considered it strange that the honora» ble member for Eden (Mr. Egan), who was so anxious to get a Land Dill, should be found Bitting and aatingr with gentlemen who.had openly stated there was none . aessity for one-(bear, hear,)-with those who charac- terised free Beleotion as " wholesale spoliation,1* andi with others who declared it all " olaptrap"-the honora- ble member for East Sydney, in a previous debate Mr. SA M URL tubmittcd that tha honorable member could not refer to a previous debate. Mr. HOSKINS would say thea that the Land Bill or the present Ministry'had been oharaoterised aa an abbe« . tion. The SPEAKER said, as the remark bad not basât . made in the debate then going on, allusion oould not bs made to it. Mr. HOSKINS would submit to the Speaker's ru- ling. He belonged to no oliquo or party, and would not be found pliant to the will of any honorable member. He did not think tho conduct of the honorable th» Premier very creditable to him ; and, as there werai several motions on tba paper salcalated to teBt tb» ?strength of. the Ministry, which would ooma ou for .dis- cussion if, as was stated, the session wss to be prolonged for sixteen days, he would, unless the land polloy.of;'thai Government were explained, support some of those mo- tions of want of oooudenoe. He quite agreed with, tb» honorable member for Queanbeyan in his dissatisfac- tion with the ftnanoial polioy of tho Ministry. Mr. FORSTER rose to order. The remark was made in a previous debate. (Laughter.) Mr. HOSKINS certainly thought there were too-many orators'ia the Assembly. (Derisive oheers.) He woald Bupport the motion. He saw no reason wby the session Bhonld ba brought to a premature oenolusion. (Laughter. J Mr. DICKSON said they had done nothing- yet,, and if they sat lor a month longer, therevwaa- little proba- bility that they would do anything. If they wont on a» they had done, they would soon find that country gontlemen would not coma into that House at all, but that the whole bnslnoss of the country mould be loft to> the inhabitants of Sydney. He oould not understand so> muou outcry being made about a Land Hill,, when ha found the Ministry pledged to introduce such a Bill before the prorogation. The sooner the present session. . was over, the longer time they would have to consider those great measures which tho country demanded. Mr. PARKES did not think that tbe question before tbe House involved any consideration of the general policy of tho Govomment. He was a'moBt .ioolined to> doubt the sinoerity of the last speaker in hil expression of fear that seatB in that Honse woald toon oease to be valued ; for he remembered that the honorable gentle- man had within a short time gone through three bot elections to seoure a seat. The real question they had to decide was whether they were willing to bave all the forms of the House swept away like drifc before a flood without any sufficient, reason. Tba- businoBS of private members had given way to tba Government on many ocoasions, and yet they were asked to. disregard tba Standing Orders so BB to 'allow the most important measure of the sesssion to pass, through all its stages at one sitting. And why? Beoaase forsooth oertaia. raoes were ooming off. They were told too tbat t) ey should commit that irregularity in order to ensure regularity for the future. He woald have offered no opposition to the Bill if it bsd been introduced ia a proper manner, but ba would not believe until he saw it, that the House could so far forget its daly aa to adopt ao improper a coarse at tba beok of any Gov erment. As to the Lied Bill, why could it not hava been introduoad a mooth ago 7 The honourable tba Premier had embodied his principles on the tubjeot, ia a Beries of resolutions,, BO far baofc aa 18Ö7, and only a sh irt time »ince be had framed them into three Bills. Hs could see no reason for the delay. He would oppose the present motion,no matter what Government it came from. Mr. SAMUEL could not see that the loss of the mo- tion would necessitate a Ministerial crisis. Tba conduct of the Government waa iniquitous, lt waa an artful dodge to get the Bill pasBed, and send the He use about - their business. He was inclined to suspect tbat tha honourable the Minister foi Works entertained an opi- nion at rarianoe with that of his colleagues. It ill ba- dine that honourable gentleman to sit silent in the House, and some times not there at all, while a ooaree of conduct was being pursued of whiuh he bolieved he disapproved. That was a mockery, of Re- sponsible Government. (The honorable gen- tleman was then proceeding to stig- matise the conduot of the Government in the matter of the railway contracts, wbioh he said would in the opinion, of th» world be reg. rJed aa a Botany Bay trick, when he waa called to order by the Speaker, and admitted thut he was wandering from the question,) Mr. ROBERTSON complained of the course taken by the honorable gentleman. Why did he notjput a notice on the p:iporon the subject, so that be (Mr. Ro- bertson} might have an opportunity of replying to tho charges made ? Mr. SAMUEL continued his remarks. He con- sidered tho course proposed by the Government that night opened up the whole question of confidence or no confidence in tho Government. Mr. ARNOLD bad not intended to take patt ia this debate, as it appeared to bim ita continuance must be sickening to the House and the country ; but he would say tho Government wire only pursuing consistently the coat se they had avowed. The object of laying the Land Bill on the table was, that the House nnd the country might be more folly acquainted with the views of the Government on the question. Daring the receas, they would have an op- portunity of perfecting it, but be could not aee why, because the Government bad pledged themselves to I certain general principles, that they should not modify the details. But, he oould pot understand the oppo- sition to passing the Appropriation Act, simply because. (Conclufod, m Eighth ¡age.) {Continued from Fifth page.) tt-ftt Bill was not brought forward. With regard to' pe-ftp-raiog the Standing Orders, the Gov«ramain only -wished to study the convenience of the House, and if the Honse thought that such a measure would not-meet their convenience' then the Government neither would nor should ^Dr. LANG had no intention to make a speedh, but he .wished lo state why he should vote for the government. He did not regard the Standing Orders as were the laws .of the Medes and Persians, not to be ohanged. But he believed that cn all occasions where it was the desire of the majority of thot House those Standing Orders should toe and would be set aside. In the present ease there ?were special rea-ons why they should be set aside, and ne should therefore support the Government. As to a Xand Bill be was quite sure if it were brought in thia cession no one would pretend that it could be passed in leas than six weeks. (" Six months.") It might be six -months, be had only stated a minimum period, but ?would not pretend to Btate the maximum. But lie could see no reason «by the Government should not -place the Land Bill on the table, although there was no treason why it should have been introduced before the ?passing ot the Appropriation Bill. The Government bad made no pledge of that nature. Be thought that xnuoh of the opposition that had jUBt been passed on ac- count of the Land Bill, had originated at the private meeting of Monday last. Mr. DENIEHY was sorry to see the last speaker sup- port the Government in forcing the three readings of this measure in'one night. The Standing Ol der s were not merely formalities, but they were the safe saard of the minorities of that House, and -the palladium to guard them from factious legislation. It appeared to him that this was a most impudent demand of a set of men who bad already wasted the time of the country. He believed -that the Land Bill about which the Government had -promised BO much from the momento! their advent to .power, would not be passed for tbe next two years, if they remaioed in power. Mr. MARTIN said it waa his intention to vote against the motion of the Colonial Treasurer, not on account of the Government policy as to a Land Bill, tteoanse he thought the Government on neither this nor any ether question bad any fixed polioy, but on the contrary that they were quite ready to adopt what they thought popular opinion. He voted on stronger pounds. Night after night they had been called on to -vote sums for whioh they had not the money. And xiow they were asked to give a cheque for the total -amount, some three. millions, and where waa it to «orne (rom. Why no time would be wasted in vUsoussing where that money was to come from, -She Government had no scheme of taxation by which the -«avenue was to meet the expenditure. Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, they had. Mr. MARTIN had heard of some dim scheme about a land tax. i"No.") Then he supposed that tbe Govern, .ment had not propounded such a measure. Mr. ROBERTSON: It was their intention. It was -in contemplation. Mr. MARTIN: They knew a certain place was .paved with good intentions. He supposed the ionorable member alluded to a land tax. He was one of those who thought if a land tax were im. posed for purposes of revenue it would tend to the -rapid confiscation of land from the hands of those who now held it. In a crisis like this, when they were not able to pay tbeir way, the honorable member (Mr. "Robertson) was contented to sit with folded arms and -permit things to take their course. The Government bad not shewn themselves equal to the task of initiating any measure with regard to taxation. What had the Assessment Bill to do with the question now before the House ; it bad about as muoh to do with it BB nine tenths of the honorable member's observations bad to do with most of the questions he addressed himself to. Hs (Mr. Martin) did not think (he honorable member bad studied those models which be ought to have studied. He would reoommend the honorable member now and Iben to turn to the records of the Imperial Parliament and awe the degree of forbearance »hewn by Ministers to (heir opponents. He (Mr. Martin) had no desire to throw -impediments in the nay of tbe Government ; he thought the Appropriation Aot ought to be passed as speedily as tba forms of the House wonld permit ; but he hoped i the House would not abrogate any of those forms, ea \--peeially as no case of urgency bad been established. A measure whioh involved the expenditure of three mil- lions ought not to be passed without due consideration. Unfortunately the present Government, like most other -Governments, followed and did not lead its supporters, «nd perhaps that aoeounted in some measure for the -taste displayed by them with regard to the Appropriation Aot. The question was then put, and - the House divided .arith the following result : Ajea, ld. Mr. Garratt Mr. Karan Mr. Roberta Mr. Ulalie Dr. Lang Mr. Itottoo . Mr. Close Mr. Robertson Mr. Tarry Mr. Weekes Mr. M'Arthur Mr. Hoaklna Mr. Pernell Mr. Atkinson Mr. Layoouk Mr. Dickson t T-.II.,,, Mr.laidlaw Mr. Gordon ¡"un* Ttl. Itron Noe», SI. Mr. Macleay Mr. Nott Mr. Bay Mr. Lanas Mr. Danish-* Mr. Kanoott Mr. Simael Mr. Darvall Mr. Hamilton Mr. Hodgson Mr. Clements Mr. Gammlne» Mr. Parnell Mr. Broughton Mr. r«rtos Mr. Walker Mr. Wilson - " Mr. Martin Mr. Forstor The question was therefore resolved in the negative. Mr. WEEKES said, as the sense of the Honse bad -now been deolired on one of the motions, he should -withdraw tho other ; but should it turn ont that the .aesaton shsuld be protracted two or three weeks longer, . -tbe House must take the responsibility. Tba SPEAKER called the honorable member to order. Mr. WEEKES would simply withdraw the motion ."That the Standing Orders ba suspended on friday next, so as to admit of a Bill to enable* the Government to raise loans for certain public works, and to pay off land and immigration debentures falling due in the year I860, passing through all its remaining stages on that day." WAYS AND MEANS. On the Order of tbe day being read for tbe resumption of the Committee of Supply, Mr. MARTIN moved-?< That it be an instruction to -the committee io take into immediate consideration that portion of the proposed Estimate of expenditure for the present yeer, which refers to the granting'of a pension tn the late Collector of Customs, Colonel Gibbes." The honorable and learned member was proceeding to address the House on the subject of bis motion, when . Mr. WEEKES rose to order, and contended that it -was not oompotent for the honorable and learned mena, ber to make bis motion when a portion' of the item referred to had been withdrawn. Mr. MARTIN said the Governor-General bad recom- mended tho item, and he waa not aware that his Excel- lency bsd withdrawn that recommendation; therefore tbe matter mill remained before tho House. Mr. ARNOLD contended that aa the item bad been -withdrawn, and as the House had oonsented to that with, drawal, it was not now competent to re.open the matter. . Mr. FORSTER supported the views of the honorable rn-tuber (Mr. Arnold). The objections taken by bim onjtht clearly to have weight with the House. \- Mr. MARTIN said there had been no motion for ex- pansing this item. Mr. FORSTER thought it amounted to the sime thing, since the House bad exercised its authority over tbe item by assenting to its withdrawal. The mere fact of the Governor having sent down the amount, surely could not cause the item to remain on the Esti \- mates for ever. Mr. MARTIN «aid no, but it remained for the ourrent year. If tba motion were carried it would save time. Mr. GORDON said the supply was all voted, and tba Appropriation Bill introduced, so that it waa too late to carry such a motion. Mr. PIDDINGTON considered that the item had virtually been withdrawn by the Colonial Treisnrer taking the following item. Mr. MARTIN said they must not ignore any ene of the three estates of the realm. The Cabinet were not "t>fl Crown, although tbey represented it. The House did not know the Cabinet in form-it was the Crown with wbich they bsd to deal. The message was the Governor'*, and its recommendation could not be with- drawn by the Cabinet. A great blunder had been com milted, and it onght to be remedied. Mr. PIDDINGTON said the remarkB of the last «peaker ignored tbej old constitutional axiom that the Crown could do no wrong.- It was a monstrous violation of the principles of responsible Government. The Executive were the authoritative exponents of the wishes cf tbe Governor. _ Mr. DARVALL said the matter wes very Blmple. The item had bosn dealt with in the only way possible, «nd some other plan would have to. ho adopted by the honor abl« and learned member for East Sjdney. After some further rem ark n from Mr. ARNOLD, Mr. MARTIN raid be would press the matter no further. The motion was tbtrr'oro witbdrntrn. Mr^C.»phe*l}T»' SUPPLY. ¡ <Öa the motion of Mr. WEEKES, tho- order of the day' far tba resumption of the Committee ot Supply was dis-; «barged from the paper. I ADDITIONAL JUDGE. A message was received from the Legislative Council, announcing that a Bill had passed that Honse, author ising the appointment of an additional Judge to the Supreme Court of. New South Wales, and requesting the concurrence of the Assembly. Ou the motion of Mr. DARVALL, tbe B U was read a first time, and ths second reading was made an order of the day for Tueaday next. LIEN ON WOOL ACT. A message was reoeived from the Legislative Council, announcing that tha Bill to make permanent the Lien on Wool Act had been agreed to, with amendments. On the motion of Mr. A. CAMPBELL, the amend- ments were ordered to be taken into consideration on Tuesday next. WESLEY COLLEGE. A message was received from the Legislative Couneil, announcing that tbe Bill to incorporate the Wesley Col- lege had been agreed to, without amendment. PETITIONS PRINTED. On the motions of Mr. SAMUEL and Mr. PAUCETT, two petitions from members of tbe Jewish faith, relative to Stata-aid to religion, were ordered to ba printed. j REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE RETURNS. Mr. PIDDINGTON moved for a return of the receipts of the Consolidated Revenue Fond (exclusive of loans and advances on account of debentures), ; and also an account of the disbursements from the 1st January, 1859, to 31st December, I860. Carried. Mr. WEEKES said the Government would offer no opposition, and the motion was carried. PLURALITIES. Mr. LUCAS moved-"That in ths preparation of any future estimate of the public expenditure, it is de- sirable that any publio officer holding two or mora dis- tinct offloes, the different ofSoes, and the salaries attaohed to each office held by tba said offioer, shall be set forth ia tba Estimate." On tba suggestion of Mr. WEEKES, an additional olause, requiring particulars of the length of servioe of all such officers was struck out, and the resolution, as above stated, waa screed to. INTEREST FOB PUBLIC MONEY. Mr. DARVALL moved-" Tbat ia the opinion of this House, the practise ol lending the publia money et interest is dangerous and impolitio, beoause it exposes the publia property to tbe risks of trade, and gives undue encouragement to speonlation and the extension of credit. 3. That the foregoing resolution be communi- cated by address to his Excellency the Governor.Ge neral." The practice bad grown np of lending the pub ! ]jo moneys to the banks at tender. The consequence bad been that the hank whose position was the least desir- able to lend publie money to made the highest offer, and so became the fortunate possessor of the public balance. This practioe waa in no ways chargeable to tbe present Government, bat it was altogether bad j it had bad the effect of encouraging the system of borrowing by the banks, which was quite opposed to a healthy system of banking. The effeot was that the money the' banka borrowed they re-lend at an increased inte- rest, and thns obtained one or two per cent, for their guarantee for trade risk. And further, this system encouraged an excessive and insecure degree of mercan- tile transactions. The pnblio moneys should be planed in absolute security, so that they might have a reliable reserve of the surplUB for contingencies. As it was tbe publio money was all more or less subject to the risks of trade. The Bystem was dangerous to the country and injurious by its competition to banka ; and it appeared to him that this lending publio money to banks was opposed to all mercantile principles. Mr. WEEKES agreed with much that tba honorable gentleman had said, especially that it was very de- sirable that hanks should not allow Interest for publia moneys, bat he thought it would be very desi- rable that banks should not grant interest on deposits at all. If banka did not allow interest on Government money, still If interest was given to general deposits, the risk to the public funds would be just the Bane. But he did not think tbe risk was increased by the Government receiving interest. The only alternative he could see to the honorable gentleman's resolution was to withdraw the Government money from all the banks, for although all the revenue waa placed in one bank, there were other publio funds spread over three or four banks. He quite agreed that the ey stem of bink interest. might with advantage be put a Btop to ; but whilst inter- est was allowed, the Government should derive equal advantage, as they ran equal risk. Mr. PARKES : Would the honorable gentleman state tba amount of interest the Government rooeived from banks. . Mr. WEEKES: The rate was 6 per oent., and the amount perlannnm £15,000. Mr. GORDON entirely concurred with the motion. He found that by a return last week there was about £600,000 of Government money in the banks. The system of giving interest by banks, be maintained was wrong altogether, beoause it reduced banks in order to pay their interest-to invest their money in most questionable securities. And while they were paying 6 per cent., perhaps they got only OJ per cent. That difference he maintained did not pay for the risks of business in this colony. Were no such interest allowed, the banks would be able to discount at a mnoh lower rate, and tba trading classes would have all the bene At of it. Under the existing eyBtem, he had known banka established here'without any capital at all, and yet offering large interest for money lent to them. Those were fictitious companies that might fail at any moment. And, again, they bad known companies ooming out here with money, who gradually aent tba money baok, and traded entirely on the capital of their customers. And should those companies fail, where would the oreditors have to go to be repaid ? Why to England, and with all tba expense and tima lost, with but a small chance of recovery from shareholders. He entirely agreed with this motion, and if it went to a division he should vote for it. Mr. PIDDINGTON said lt was a broid assertion to make to say that it was dangerous and impolitio to lend publio money on interest. The House mu»t be aware the practioe had to a oonsiderable extent originated with joint stook banking. Ho looked upon a bank BS a reser- voir of the spare oopital of a community. He did not like to Bee so large a balanoe in the hands of the Govern- ment, as that now in their bands. He could see no ne- cessity for this resolution. It would be monstrous to interfere by law to prevent any man from depositing bis money in a bank ia which be had confi- dence. The interest of money depended upon its market value. He admitted there were certain banks which had a very small capital of their own ; but that question resolved itself into one of publio credit. He did not think they ought to relieve the Government from tba necessity of exercising their discretion as to which was the best place to deposit the publio funds. He boped the honorable and learned mover would with- draw the motion. Mr. ALEXANDER CAMPBELL did not ooncur in the remarks of the honorable member for Hawkesbury (Mr. Piddington). He should like to see this resolu- tion brought forward in a full House and passed by that full House. The prootice of insisting upon interest npon publio money was simply a lending of it He questioned whether the Government had a right to lend money without the sanction of the House any more than tbey bad to borrow it with- out the sanction of the House. To compel the banks to give interest for this money was to compel them to ase ir, and to run tbe risks of trade. The banks would not employ this money to the extent they did if they were not obliged to pay interest upon it. The reason given by the honorable the Treasurer was a most strange one-they found the practice, and they toUowed it. He believed that the praotioa was not found in ex- istence by tbe present Gorernment. Theoretically, the Government were supposed to have barely sufficient money to pay their way from day to day ; but, unfor- tunately, in practice, it was otherwise. The correot prinoiple would ba to keep a large reserve of gold in tba Mint, so that in the event of a run on the banks, the Government might be enabled to lend to tbe banks on good security. He hoped that whtn the Government oame to lend their money again they would do - so with the concurrence of the House, and not lend at interest, so as to compel thosrs borrowing to speculate. It was a new practice altogether asking interest for public mo- neys; it was followed, indeed, in former years, but what did it lead to? It led to over-specu'ation, the result of which eventually was that cattle came down in price, to a few shillings a-head, and sheep to a proportionately low prioo. (Hear, hear, from Dr. Lang.; The Government which lent^itself to suoh a practice were chargeable with encouraging over-trade. He knew of no otber Government that adopted suoh a practioe. Mr. FORSTER thought the debate of great im portance, and would be sorry to see tba question dis- posed of in so small a House. He would, therefore, move the adjournment of the House to Friday. Mr. GARRETT seconded the motion. He had been actuated by a similar motive in his attempt to count out the House. The debate was adjourned accordingly, and the House adjourned at twenty minutes psst twelve o'clock till three o'clock on Friday. Tho total earnings on the Great Northern Railway far tbs same poriod, amonnted to .£31« 13s. lcd. ; «nd Ibu total nrnnbiTor passenprre curried, lo Î39I. 