! COLONIAL MARKETS. DiELnoURNE GENFRAT IMPOUT MARKET -Trade wears a most gloomy nspootatthe close of the year isn Importers will long look bnol to tills year as a disastrous one 1 allure alter failure during the last mouth or two has occurred until coull lence is completely destroyed Stocks have been nccu li ulating to an extent altogether unwarranted by HIL position of our market whioli groans uuder increasing s îpplies oí coo Is for which there is no outlet at the low nominal rates of the ¡lay 1 he most depressing fact is that there is no prosi ect of immediate roller as shipment alter shlpn ent is arriving from nearly all quarters of the globe lho speculation of tho year is the more depressing inasmuch as most of the goods iu stock and to arrive have been ordered by colonial houses onwhomtho losses will principally fall and who appear to have imagined that If they kept on importing something would turn up »o improvement nor any regularity in our mnrkcts enn be looked for so long as a gambling spirit of speculation prevails Sugar may bt taken as affording nu illustration of the cfTects of thissjsttra Wo cannot have less at tho present time in Hie mnrkct than enough for twelve monthB consumption nud yet cargoes arrive almost daily and advices still speak ol more to coi io Oats flour timber and many other articles aro in tho samo position Wo havo said that the year 1859 will be loi g remembered It will be well if the rich crop of experience it has yielded be carefully garnered for future years There is no ohange whatever in prices lho week lins been almost n continuous holiday with importers as the large quantities of goods sent ofl to the country by second houses have failed to «fleet the important branch second houses refusing to purchase until tho commencement of tho non year M c subjoin the Hat of prices current In the market Milich arc however inmost cases nominal -Arn " Jimuxry 2 Mruiounsi 1 Loun AND CRAIN MAnKET -lho demand for Hour during tile week has been confined to small p irccls tor country use nnd the usual supplies for the town trade willoh have however been limited to quantities for immediate us lho prospect of full average supplies from the present hnrvest lu this and tho neighbouring colonies ad le 1 to tho late heavy arrivals from tlio west coast oi America and the prospect of further large s ij piles from the same martcr tend to depress the market and millers are unwilling to purchase to any ex- tent beyond their actual requirements Wheat is consequently in but little denian 1 aud the prices of breadstuffa are cxpectc I to rule verv low during the ensuing year Adelaide flour of best town brands sells in small parcels, at from £1 10s to £18 Insinnnian £10108 to£l , Chilian (sound) £10 Whcatisin but little demand the millers being supplied for present le quircmente nnd unwilling to pnrehase to an> extent until tut close of harvest Oats although In increased consumption ouing to their reduced value are dull of sale without present prospect of increase 1 prices ¡stocks of this grain aro enormous and as constant arrivais continue from nil quarters and o ir colonial luuv est (rciortod to bo a pleulilul one) is getting in no prospect of improved prices can possibly exist Irish and Scotch are quoted at irom "s 3d to ¡8 Calcutta, California and Danish la to .is 3d colonial Js Su to 4g. per bushel Harley is entirely nominal quotations bell g-Cape und Call fornlnn s lOd to 3< id 1 iigllsh Is lOd to 4s per bushil Maize has rallier im) roved iu demnnd and hest samples of New South Wales grow th lind buyers at from Js to 3s Jd per bushel b or gram there is a moderato sale but above £8 to £8 10s per ton eannot he procured Uran is in less inquiry and sells In small lots at irom 1B 01 to Is d per bushel Mr W 1 awrence reports of this mnrkct - The holidays have somewhat interfere 1 with business In flour less has been done In grain there have been more in mirles wheat excepted Any parcels of flour oflerlng in the earlier i art of the week did not meet with a ready sale within tile last few days more 1 usines has been done at prices a shade under those ot previous week Holders of Chilian e\ ince-a desire to realise No moro barrel has arrived an 1 the supplies of new Hour from South Ans tndia nre not kept up Quotations are as follows -Adelaide £17 10s to £18 los Tasmanian £17 Chillon (sound) £lr to i'lß los Unite 1 Mates barrel Ils to -Ms some (Jillian is said to hav c been sold at auction at £lfi if quitted at this price the quality will likclj prove indifferent wheat Is easier here while in Adelaide It IB scarce and supplies come sparingly to limul Strong competition exists between the Adelaide millers and bujers for this and Sydney mnrkcts which keeps the price firm By the Commonwealth from San 1 rancisco we have an importation of CO 000 bushels, which is on the market nome whereabout s Acw Adelaide is saleable at "s rd Oats aro slightly improv ed in demand but prices do not ndiance Some parcels of ol 1 oats long held here are on the market at very low prices but the present buyers are consumers and will not touch anything in the least Ie"ree must} -IO «00 bushels Cali fornlnn are to hand I er Commonwealth and 4000 bushels itus stan per Bclissninn from Cronstadt Some r arccls of Scotch and Irish are to hand bj sundry arrivals during the week tims adding a considerable increase of stock to our already gluttc 1 market. I rices nre as follow-IrMi and Scotch s IO I to .Is Danish Cale Uta an 1 Californian Is to is Id colonial Sa lod to 4s Harley remains unaltered and finds buyers for Cape Californian and Chilian tit °s lol tots fid 1 nglish 4s Maize is in in proved demand and gool sound Sjdney finds bujers at 3s to 3s 3d Gram is saleable at £8 to £8 los Bran is easier anl is quitted at Is (id to Is 7d -lho Mills .Millers report a dull week bujers only purchasing for their immediate requirements in expectation of lou cr prices Quo totions nre -I ino Hour £18 per ton Haxall 44s per barrel Itran Is bd per bushel Wheat prices nominal -Argus January 2 MI.I.IIOUUM' KA\ MAnKFT -There has been an ample sui ply brought in this week 445 loads having been nt market The demand lins however been brisk and but few loads liai o been sent out unsold liest hav lias been of ready sale at about is toi. us per ton and as to day will be observed as a holiduj in the market a good demand is looked foi during the week. -4rj7iii January J MrmouiiM STOCK JlAnhrr -Messrs. Ryan t* Hammond report the fat cattle market as supplied with 134o head of second class and inferior qualitj- no really good beef in the market Trade lias been unusually dull butchers having already too much of the same quality upon hand as shown by the fact of their i urchaslng only 449 Lea 1 throughout the week 10 to country buyers 00 to graziers an 14 0 scut out unsold 1 air bullocks sold at from *< to £8 10s cons Irom £5 to £7 other qualities-bullocks from £4 10s to £510s cons, from £3 to£4 los We have sent out unsold 20f head of mialling quality -Fat Sheep 8004 havo been brought forward and JOOfl store sheep the latter sent out unsold very little activity has been shown in this market owing in a great measure to tho Inferiority ol the stock-2x00 sent out unsold the remainder taken hythe trade at, for fair wethers 14« and 15s enes los and Ils other qualities-wether« 12s and 13s ewes, and tis fid -Messrs Ualinoboy Campbell & Co report -Fat Cattle Throughout the week the lots brought for» arti were principally of a second rate to inferior description and the i rices obtained havo been proportionately lower The total number offered was 131 J head which realised as follows -1 or the best pens of bullocks from £7 to £810s ditto cous, from £o 10s to £0 us next quality bullocks from £0 to £7 ditto cows, from £4 to So inferior at store prices-Messrs Power & Rutherford report in their weekly eirculnr -Store Cattle rhcre is very little animation in the market at present, the low price of fat stock, combine 1 with the dry weather cilectually checking auy briskness large numbers are advertised lor sale but we arc not aware of any sales of Importance taking place Quota tions - liullocks £Jl"s)dto£4 equal sexes £i Ästotilia id inferior rough lot i. to £ s.-Store Sheep With the exception of the demand for joung enes there is very little doini, We have numerous enquiries far the diflercnt lots we have advcrtl transactions buyers generally holding bock for a reduction in prices, which holder» ure not ineliued to submit to Quota tious -Wethers. Ils cd tolAtld, ewes 8s to lus Gd joung brecdine, ewes 11s to 1 s i>d We have bold 1000 ewes, mixed ages, 8s 1200 ewes, mixed ages 8s id 100 lambs mixed ages bs Ud-Horso Market Messrs. 1 How & Co report that Christmas holidajs had the usual effect on this trade aud business was almost suspended in Hie early part of the week lu tho latter part however our yards were crowded to excess and although most of the horses, unbroken were only of a light description w o found no difficulty in effecting sales iu fact the great demand noticed bj us for the post few w ceks has not in the slightest degree fallen off During the w eck w c dis ] oicd of the following viz -The lraught horses waggons Uc in the insolvent estate of I Mcholls-the two best horses realised £Ui> the remainder Irom £1 to £ 8 Hie second draft on account of insolvent c«tatcof lames Graham found buyers at Iron» £7 to £2.1 On tuesday wa offered the second draft from the station of Henry Hull 1 s i Charnwood nu 1 quitted the lot at a slight adv ince on our quotations for tho first draft dUioscd of lost week also same dav a mob of broken lu horses the proj erty of Mr thark* M kendi Mur rumbldgcc tho prices realised rauglng Irom £14 io MO-Art/u* Jan J 1 toiiAitT TOWN MARKETS -In the grain market to day there was uo business stirring îio wheat was on oller > or oats and borley there continued uo inquiry Hay was fairly supplied the quantity of this year s growth preponderating aud the price ranrii g from £4 to £0 according to quality Of old potatoes there were none on offer and new ones were not sup piled lu sufficient quantity to warrant us in giving quotation Vor flour tho demand for both town and country consumí tion was moderate at tho rates quoted on Thursday but be j omi local requirements there was no inquiry Heit flour was quote 1 at tho mills from £°0 to £"2 per ton Uran Is 6d to Is 8d - // J Menury Vii Jl LAUNCESTON MARKETS DEO 39-Ucyond what is required for home consumption there is nothing doing lu tlour which ina) be quoted at from A l8 to £20 U heat bcarccly any otter lug is not worth moro than from 7s to ~~mcuts of oats have been made to Melbourne by the Royal Shep herd ; Uley cannot how ev cr be quoted higher than from .Is Jd to Is. fid Hay £4 los to £ Old potatoes, 6 lb« for Is Dread r.d per . lb loaf Mr I ewis Cohen held his usual grain and produce sale at lils rooms on Tuesday, when there was sold about II 000 bushels of oats, at prices from 3a M to Is i»¡d per bushel fleece wool at Is "id I er li» i bran Is 3d lorbusliili »nari* It) 10s iirtom flour was bought In at £17 10s per ton _____ I \rORTS FROM THE DISTRICT UURINU Titi W LEh -Tho following is an abstract of tho exports, Irom the munit "stsot the steamers and coasters, or tho prinoli al produco (e\cluslvo of wool and tallow) received coastwise lu bydnoj Irom tho Hunter Uiver »Istrlot lor the weekending lan 4 181,0 - Pollard bogs Wheat bogs Moko bags Harley bogs h lour boga ltron bags Hides Sheepskins bales bundles Hay bales Horses Calves Sheep Pigs trusses Uacon bags l8 bales Cool tons 1 otatocs bags Onions bo"s 1 uuipklns dozen Horns bales bags «ones tons I mit boxes 1 oultry coops Fggs cases Wine. hogsheads Gold 26 lu o/s llgrs Tur WRATIIER -We nppoar likoly to lmvo a moon ot broken weather ilio Christmas Lvo thunderstorm ooouired on tlio first day of the present moon, and, as not unirequontly happens «lion a marked ohnnge occurs on tlio day of a now moon, tbo «outlier since has con- tinued of a broken character, marked by frequent storms On bunday a thunderstorm broke, and although in West Maitland little rain foil, itnppoarod to bo very heovj furthor east mid in 1 ait Maitland it rained hard After midnight another thunderstorm broko, and a good deal of ruin toll, including one pouring shower loatordnv thunder was hanging about noarl) all day, and sovoial sboworsof lain loll Ono of the storms, about oloven or half past oleven j esterday morning, was attended by hail, in WestMutlaml tho hail was heaviest at the western end of tho town, and Bomo Btonoswcre pitkod up measuring botween foi» and five nichos round In a northwesterly dirootion, at Anambah, muob larger «tonos fell, and ono raoasurod olovon Indies round, and anothor nearly nlno inches and a halt round The lorgost of these was seen to lull hythe gontloman wboptokod it tip and measured it Vorj little wind happily accompanied this storm, and no daraago was dono by tho hail that wo have yet hoard ol Wo loam, however, that about Harpers Hill the builstonos wero drivon down moro forcibly by the wind, and some foarB aie oxpioBsed foi the safety ol tho crops there MADAME Bisiior-lho Sanlrnnoisco Daily Altaoi 24th Ootobor, says -A letter has boon loooivod m this oity from Madame Anna Bishop, now in New lork, twhonoe sim aulvod from London) in whioli sho signifies lier intontion ol ugiun \ istthig Australia, willoh sho »ill do via California No time is specified lor tho proposed journey -S. M Herald, Jan < SPORTING -A correspondent informs us that a match has been made at Maitland between Jonathan Wild ( Ivon s old horso) and barn öliok, 1 he torm» are to run three milos, carrying lOsteaoh, over Murrurundi course, iorílOO a sido lho event is fixed for the 10th April next - Hell s Life m Sydney, Jan 7 Pol ioh BUSINESS -llioro wore eighteen < «BOB on the Polloe list at West Maitland, jestorduy. Mr Day aud Mr Mitchell wore the sitting magistrate» DttDKKLNNFSB-David Littlejohn pleaded guilty to this charge bofore the benob at West Maitland, yester- day, and" having been in the look-up »inoe Saturday night, wail admonished and discharged. THB SYDNEY TATTERSAI.L'S.-The neiv " Tattersall's" will bo completed in a week or two from the prosent time, and will, when finished, constitute one of the most perfect establishments in tho colonies. Tho rooms which aro destined for tho accommodation of the Club are fur- nished in tho very best stylo, nnd embrace an extensive library and other conveniences. So soon ns the neces- sary arrangements can bo oH'ected it is intended to hold an Inaugural dinner, the festivities to be conducted under the superintendence of a committee comprising several of our principal turfites. The dinner will take place on or about the 25th inst ¡ the preciso date and all particulars will bo duly nnnonncod in a few days. Hell's Life in Sydney, Jan. 7. BISVBHUE FOR THE QUARTER.-The comparative state monfc of tho revenue of tho colony for tho quarters end- ing 31st Decembor, 1858, and 31st December, 1859, respectively, has boen published in the Government Gazette. The total revenue for the last quarter was £364,805 as against £420,142 for 'the corresponding quarter of 1S58, showing a decroaso of £61,337. The principal item of this decrease is in the land revenue, whioh nmountod to.£93,745 against £150,946 in the last qnnrtor of tho previous year ; but the assessment for 1859 was collected in September last, whilst that for 1858 (amounting to £87,858) was collected in December of that year.- The decrease in tho assessment last quar- ter timountod to £74,988. Tho miscellaneous receipts also showed a diminution of £6,578, and city debentures a decrease of £14,550 ; tho other items of decreaso aro comparatively unimportant. On the other hand, various items ofrovonuo oxhibita considerable Increase. That in the customs receipts amounts to £11,202, including tho increased receipt of tea duty (£11,846) and deduoting a decroaso on sugar and molasses. Two items included under tho bond lund revenue showed an increase, viz., sales of land £19«2, and rents £10,639, the total salos having beon £01,015, and tho rents £19,385. Amongst the fees of office, those of the District Courts, £1455, are wholly an increase. Tho rents, exclusive of land, show an increase of £1303; railway tolls, £4175; and elec- tric telegraph receipts, £1669. THE YEAR'S REVENUE-Tho usual abstract of the revenue of the colony has boen published in the Government Gazette, being tho statement for the years ending 3ist December, 1858, and 31st Decembor, 1859 respectively, showing tho items of increase or decrease Tho total rovenue last year was '£1,540,550, being an increase of £ II 8,083 upon tho revenue for 1858. This increaso is mainly due to the Customs receipts, which aro £011,874, or £54,576 in excess of those of last year (including an inorcase of £21,987 in duty on ten, and deducting a decrease of £2430 on alo, porter, and beer of all sorts) ; and to the land rovenue, whioh is £477,892, as against £405,859 in 1858, or an increase of £72,033. This increased revenue from the land con- sists principally of £48,115 from assessment, £13,188 from rents, and £12,694 from sales. There are various smaller items of increaso, as for instance, £3671 in duty on spirits distilled in the colony, £40.61 in gold recipts, £3724 in postage, £3399 on licenses (deducting £1892 decrease on bonded storekeepers' licenses), £G932in rents exclusive of land, £6668 in electric telegraph receipts, and £5778 in pilotage, harbour dues and fees. On the other hand, fines and forfeitures show a decreaso of £2327 ; railway tolls are less by £2914 ; immigration remittances aro £4672 less than in the previous year ; interest accrued on debentures at time of issue in 1858 to tho amount of £7336, 'against which there was no in- terest in 1859, and the interest on City debentures last year shows the large decrease of £23,444. CHARGES or DRUNKENNESS AND ASSAULT.-Matthew Goodall, William EUingworth, and William Howarth pleaded guilty to being drunk at Black Creek, on Satur- day night last. The prisoners were then charged with assaulting constables Crawford and Moroney on the same occasion. Constable Crawford deposed that the prison- ers wore very riotous in tho street, and ho told them to go home and not make a noiso; Goodall said, "You are tho b-v trap that got Barr fined," and struck wit- ness ; both then struck witness, and kicked and knocked him down, and Goodall caught him by the neck-tie and tried lo strangle him ; witness asked him not to choke bim, and Goodall said ho would ; both leaped upon him and kicked him repeatedly ; witness at length contrived to toar his neck-tie off ; nt that time EUingworth had gone away; Goodall then ran away, and witness ran after him and caught him ; then a man named Fielder, a mil- ler, at Mr. Lindsay's, hearing the noise, carno down and assisted witness to take Goodall to the lockup ; when witness returned from the wntchhouse he found the other two in custody of Moroney ; before witness was knocked down he saw Howarth rush at Moroney ; witnesB was some distance u-head of Moroney when,ho was attacked, und tho threo prisoners were together. Constable Moro- ney deposed ttiat on Saturday evening he was on duty with constable Crawford at Black Creek ; three men were coming ulong, making a great noiso ; and Craw- ford, who was n-lioad of witness, told them to go home quietly ; witness then heard some words, and saw the three mon rush at Crawford ; Crawford then took hold of Goodall, and Howarth rushod at witness ; witness suc- ceeded in making a prisoner of Howarth, and had got him across the road towards tho lockup when EUingworth caine up and caught witness by the neck and said he should not make a prisoner of his mate ; witness suc- ceeded in getting thom both down, but one got up again and struok him on the bead ; witness managed to detain them till a man came to his asiistance ; Crawford then returned, and together they got the men to the lockup ; witness was repeatedly struck by prisoners. Prisoners, on being called on for their defence, said that they were very drunk, and did not know what they had done; they wore very sorry for what had occurred. The bench committed prisoners to lake their trial at the next Quar- ter Sessions ; bail allowed-eneli prisoner in £80, and two snretios for each prisoner in £40 each. Cn A ROE or USING OBSCENE LANGUAGE. - William Macdougall pleaded guilty before tho bench at West Maitland, yesterday, to using obscene languago in the public streets on Saturday evening, and, having been in tho lock-up nil Saturday nijjht, was discharged with a reprimand and caution. Nicholas Byan, also convioted of a similar olfeiico, was dealt with in like manner. CHARGE or STEALINO,-James Allen was charged before the bondi at West Maitland, yesterday, with stealing a bank post bill, five ono pound notes, and other moneys, tho property of George Boss, on Saturday last. Constable Ruyiield deposed that from information be received he apprehended prisoner at Turner's public house at Lochinvar, scrambling lollipops among children; he was drunk at tho timo ; witness searched him and found in his left side trousers pocket a one pound note and part of u Bilk handkerchief containing another one pound note ; in his right hand trousers pocket witness found a pocket book containing a bank post bill for £ 105 in favor of George Boss; prisonor said the money bolongod to his muster James Allon, who lived in the Singleton district; witness suspected he had got the money dishonestly, and dotainoduim in custody; witness had nineo ascertained that he had pui chased goods in the town to the amount of £2, and changed another pound at Dickson's store ; on Sunday morning, when witness was about to bring bim to Muitland, prisoner told him he -, would tell ¡lim the truth if he would give him his ' bundle ; witness told bim he would get tbe hundió when he got to Maitland ; prisoner then said ho picked np a. purso closo to tho toll-bar on Saturday, and that it con- tained ono pound.-Georgo Ross, drover, Singleton, deposed bo had the pooket-book produced when ho loft Maitland on his wayhomoon Saturday ; thobook contained the bank post bill produced, five ono pound notes, some shillings ¡ii silver, ami a pair of carringa ; homÍBsed tho pookel-book when he got to Harper's Hill, and not being able to find it returned to Maitland ; witness could not swear to tho notes produced ; witness did not recollcot seeing prisonor on the road. The bonah remanded the prisoner till Thursday next, to obtain the evidonco of the two storokeopors and a bootmaker at Lochinvar wbero . prisoner had purohnsod goods. Glutton or MALICIOUS INJURY.-Martin Hyler was charged before the benoh, at West Maitland, yesterday, with mnlioiouxly injuring property belonging to David Zimmerman. Air. Mullen appeared for complainant, and Mr. Brown (Brenan and Brown) for dofendant. Hen- rietta Zimmerman deposed sho was tho wifo of Jacob Zimmerman, and knew tho dofendant. On the evening of Deoombor 26th her signboard was up, and at three o'olook on tho morning of December 27th, witness saw dofendant olimb up tho fenoe, pull it down, and break it to pieces. Witness and her husband kept an accommo- dation hotiso, and defendant kopt ono also on tho oppo- site Bido of tho road. The valuo of tho signboard was about 7s.-Georgo Ingle doposod to sooing dofendant on the morning and timo named got up the fonoo, pull the signboard down, and destroy it. Mrs. Zimmerman and dofendant had some words the day before. For tho de- fendant, William Matthews deposod to seeing defendant iu bed at two o'olock in tho morning on the day named. -Charles Rlttor deposod to being at Hyler's on the morning named. Hyler wout to bed at ono o'olook, and ho went to bed half an hour after ; witness hoard no one -go out of tho houso after.-John Windridge deposed he was with llyler on Boxing night from aftor sundown till one o'olook, when Hyler went to bed, and ho and others stopped a little longer talking j witness then went to bed and slept till sunrise, mid did not hoar dofendant co out of tho house. The benoh convioted dofendant of the offence, and Unod him £1 over and above the value of the signboard ; defendant to pay court and professional "costs. " . , .,. , BREACH OF IMPOUNDING Aor.-Patrick Kennedy was charged beforo the bench nt West Maitland, yestorday, witliiivyiug excossive damages ou ten pigs, tho property of Bobort Halpin, whioh ho had impounded on the 6tb January. Robort Halpin deposod ho knew the plaoo whoro the pigs wcro impounded from, and the fence was notsoonre. "Vitnoss released the pigs, and paid 2s. 6d. a head on oaoh.-Michael Carron deposed that ho rolenBod tho ton hoad of pigs ¡ where ho was told tho pigB wore ¡mpoundod from tho fonoo was part good and part bad. Jorominh Loyon examined tho paddook whore he was told tho pigs were Impounded from, and tho fonoo was not 8oouro.-Thon.as Graham said the fonoe of tlio pad- dook Mr. Halpin showed him was insecure.-Ann Ledsara said whon Kennedy brought the pigsTielonglng to com Dlainant to tho pound, ho said he had brought them from Fisbory Crook. Mr. Mullen, who appenroifiordofendant, submitted that the caso must bo dismissed, as the place from which tho pigB wore Impounded was not shown. The benoh dismissod the caso.-Another charge brought by complainant against dolondant, for laying exoeislve damages on four bullooks he had impounded, w»l similarly dealt with. tUMj.??.iinnmiranm mt .mi. riggmtg IMPORTANT TO GARDENERS.-A gardener having oc- casion to newly paint the wood- work in the interior ot his "reon-hoiise, detennined to moko a trial of the theory of the absorption of heat by black colour, with ii view of promoting tho maturity of his plants and shrubs, by moans of n greater quantity ofoalono. Jn tho preparation of the paint, he used coal tar; that is to say, tnr procured by the distillation of coal in the manufacture of ¿as. This coaltar, beside tho advan- tage of its colour, offers considerable economy in paint- ing, being about ono-eighth of tho pi ¡co ofthe matorial generally used in mixing blaok paint. The painting here in question was executed before the setting-w of winter. On the return of spring, tho gardener observed with no less surpriso than satisfaction, that the spiders and other insects whioh had infested his groon-houso liad totally disappeared. Ho moreover remarked that a vine, trained on an espalier, which for the spaco of two yetiis had been sensibly decaying, and which ho had intended to uproot for the purpose of planting another in its place, hnd acquired suoh renewed health and vigour as to ho capable of producing excellent tablo grapes. Hav- ing applied his new paint to props, tellisses, and espa- liers of his sickly trees and shrubs, as well as thoso whioh, though in full bloom, were being devoured by in- sects, success again crowned his experiment. Caterpil- lars and snails disappeared, as the insects had vanished from the green-house. The fruits produced by the trees thus treated have elioited the approval and eulogy of purchasers. Similar experiments tried on the Gironde, have, it is said, beon attended by similar excellont re- sults.-Rnglish paper. CHARGE or USING TIII:ATENINO LANGUAGE.-Ludwig Haider, of singleton, was charged before the bench, yesterday, with threatening to tako tho life of Honriettn Zimmerman with a knife on the 2lith December. Hen- rietta Zimmerman deposed that on the day named de- fendant was in hor house, nnd called her bad names ; ho had a knife in his hand, and throatonod to cut hor to pieces ; three men then carno up and took bim away ; as witness's husband was a carrior, and often away from home, she was in bodily fear of her lifo from defendant ; witness had no malice towards him, and gave bim no provocation.-Georgo Ingle deposed to seeing defendant on the day named draw a knife on Mrs. Zimmerman, and three men came and took him away. The bench called on the defendant to enter into recognizances to keep the peaco towurds Henrietta Zimmerman and all her Majes- ty's subjects-himself in £20, and two sureties of £10 caoh ; in default of finding sureties, to be imprisoned for ono month. Mr, Mullen appeared for complainant, and Mr. Brown (Brenan and Brown) for defendant. SALES OF HORSES.-We are requested to call attention foMr. Yeomans'a sale, this day, at the Campbell's Hill sale yards, of io head of very superior horso stock, principally fine up-standing colts and fillies, and sovoral quiet broken-in saddle horses, in good condition, tho property of A. A. Adams, Esq. ; also of three superior saddle horses, a large draught colt and filly, and a maro and foal, the mare broken to saddle- Communicated. \- = 