ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION. THIS DAY. ITestTs. Joseph Simmons and Son At their, rooms, Collins-street- Groceries and oilmen's stored. I Messrs. Fbabbr and ConEN. At their rooms. Collins , street east Congou tea, Fahm îîco.iyollowgro«* every sugar, Mauritius sugars, Cossipore sugar, English crushed sugar, jams, raisins, Brazil nuts, geneva, &c.; At the Hobson's Bay Railway ,_Shed-Plantation and native coffee (damaged), ex. Ewald. Messrs. W. EASEY and Coast No. i Barkly-terrace t -Household furniture, phaeton, and other is effects, - ! Jfr, John M'Combe At his rooms, Collins-street : ( i east- Cabin furniture, new and secondhand furniture, office fittings, and miscellaneous goods, American ironmongery and woodware, iron beds ; steads, American dray, new standard works, of Mr. Stubbs.-At Blythewood Hall, New Household ; furniture said effects. Messrs. Beauchamp Brothers. - At Turner's Cot. 2 logs, Gardiner's Creek-road Household Furn! A - turn, dc Mr. Laurence WILLIAMS At 24 Gertrude-street Groceries, provisions, oilmen's stores, of, Mr, William Perry At No. 27 La Trobe-street east -i -Stock-in-trade of wine and spirit merchant, dog- cart, &c.; At Bowdon's Stores, Spencer-street Bub's No. 3 ale. Messrs. Porcbll and KEianiUN.-At their yards, ' Bonrko-atreet-Working bullocks, dray, and gear. Mr J. Wadb.-At his rooms, Collins street Fancy ' _ dresses, prints, muslin goods, ribbons, hosiery, millinery, ready-made clothing, c. Messrs. McCaw and Another At the Royal Horse Bazaar Colts and fillies; also, draught mare, dray, and harness. Mr. N. Kinsman.-On the ground, Smith-street Collingwood-Ballding materials. Messrs. J. Lyons and Co -At their rooms, Bourke etreot-Stock-In-trado of a general storekeeper; Havannah cigars. '. Sales by Auction. <?' THIS DAY. Groceries and Oilmen's Stores. Without Reserve. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, 80 Collins-street, el joln'ngtho Criterion Hotel, on Tuesday, September 25, at eleven o'clock, A quantity of groceries and oilmen's stores, con ; sisting of teas in quarter- chests, Mauritius sugars, Colman's mustard, prime f'jS in a boxes ; sardine?, Colman's starch No. 1, do < blue. Terms at Sale. ~ PRELIMINARY ADVERTISEMENT. ' ', Valuable Building Sites In Richmond, Near the Swan-street and Cremorne Stations J Of the Melbourne and Suburban Railway. For Positive Sale, by Order of the Mortgagee. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others, I TfjlBASER and COHEN have received instruc- J> Mons to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on An early day, due notice of which will be given, a 17 building allotments in Richmond, In close prox is truly to the Swan-street and Cremorne Stations the Melbourne and Suburban Railway, and having ?- frontages to Stephenson and Now streets. ~ For positive sale, by order of the mortgagee. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Close Accounts. 100 half-cases Geneva, TO BASE and COHEN will SELL by AUC I" TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 28, at eleven o'cUvV, 100 half-cases geneva. Without reserve. \- To close accounts. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. 78 Chests Congou Tea. 170 Half-chests Do. 160 Boxes Do. TCIB ASEE and COHEN have received instruc- Js Hors from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, September 26, at half-past eleven o'clock, > 70 chests congou tea 100 half-chests do 2 160 boxes do. The above teas are a small parcel of ordinary mo tram and very good, and are to be sold to do so accounts. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. Damaged For Mon of the Cargo of the Ewald, from L Colombo. Plantation and Native Coffee On Account of Whom it May Concern. at the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, Flinders-street. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Balls ay Shed, Flinders-street, on Tuesday, September 25, at ten O'clock sharp, The damaged portion of the cargo of the Ewald, from Colombo, consisting of GA, \- O casks plantation coffee 6 barrels do. ' Star over C A, 3 cask plantation coffee. BAJA over W B and Co. in diamond', , 34 casks plantation coffee 7 barrels do. ; 4 carrots plantation coffee. ' JJV Band Co. over Star, over BAJA, WE and Co. under, in diamond, 40 bags native coffee t . < 10 do plantation do. The , 40 bags triage. ) PC, 1 Bag purporting. O bags triage. 3 bags triage. GA over T., MW., No mark, SO bags coffee. Vs *. ' All more or less damagcd,\,.d to be Holden account of whom it may concern. I Observe On Tuesday, the 26th September, at ten o'clock sharp, at the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, Flinders-street. I Terms-Cash._> THIS DAY. | 1,500 Bags Patna Rice, each low I. > Fine Sample. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others, "IjlRASER and COHEN have received untrue J" tions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their room"?, Collins-street, on Tuesday, September 25, at half-past eleven o'clock, 1,600 bags Patna rice?, each mare. 'Terms at Sale. i THIS DAY! ~ 1100 Bags Fine Yellow Grocery Sugar, 30lbs To Merchants, Grocers, Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. , FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- TI tons from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, September 25, at half- past eleven o'clock, GS, ' 1100 bogs And yellow grocery sugar, 80lb. each , nett. The above sugar is a direct import from Calcutta, and the quality will be found admirably adapted for grocery and brewing purposes. It needs only a fair trial by the trade to establish It as favourably in this market as it has been for many years in England and elsewhere t s Terms, Liberal, at Sorell THIS DAY. j \- 860 Bags Cossipore No. 1 Sugar, cwt. each. To Merchants, Grocers, Cordial Manufacturers, and Others, v "FRASER and COHEN have received Estate 12 tions from the 'importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, September 25, at half-past eleven o'clock, 850 bags Cossipore No. 1 sugar, each left. Terms at Sale.' THIS DAY. ISO Farrel's English Crushed Sugar, 2cwt. each. To Merchants, Grocers, Cordial Manufacturers, and " Others, , "FRASER and COHEN have received insure JP tions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms. Collins- street, on Tuesday, September 26, at half-past eleven o'clock, i 150 barrels English crushed sugar, 55 oh 2cwt. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 26, at half-past eleven o'clock, i £0 cases assorted jams, In lb. and 2lb. pots 360 boxes Eleme raisins. Terms at Sale. I THIS DAY. 58 Barrels Brazil Nuts. ! At the Risk of the Former Purchaser. ! To Grocers, Storekeepers, Fruiterers, and Others. "FRASER and COHEN are instructed to SELL JP by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 25, at eleven o'clock, , 68 barrels Brazil nuts. On account and at the risk of the former purchaser. Terms at salesman THIS DAY. 100 Bags Mauritius Sugars. Without Reserve. To Grocers, Dealers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC JP TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 30 at half-past eleven o'clock, > 300 bags Mauritius sugar. Without reserve. Terms at sale J .'- FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. ' Portion Cargo ex Beverley, from Calcutta. 3,000 Bags No. 1 Cosslioro Sugar, each news. 810 Bales Sheepwash Tobacco, 8000. each. CO Bales Gunny Bags. 20 Hhds. Rum. i 100 Cases Castor Oil, In tins, 9 Do. Do, in bottles. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others-, "FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- 21 tons from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, their Mrs, Coungeau. fnFrtdBy' B*P*T°* seen at half-past eleven o'clock-, W i mow",S?SSLÍf78'"^fi,0'aCalcutta, SiSAt^L^Î1«010 """"J:, each few?. potato shown with. each. , do so nnall-rizedgu^y tags SO do large do ÄÄrott.lnün* Sûodo.lnbotaes^^g^ FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Choice Property In the Municipal Township of Mary I borough FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the mortgagee to SELL by AUCTION, at the rooms, 11 Collins street west, on Friday, Son' timber 28, at twelve o'clock, The following valuable properties in the township of Marlborough, for positive and unreserved sale, viz - lots All that piece or parcel of land situate in the county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough and colony of Victoria, being part of Allotment 2 of Section 11, township of Maryborough, bounded on the north by a line commencing at the south-east comer of Allotment 1, being the boundary of Allotments 1 and 21 from thence by a line bearing south 7deg 20min , cast 165ft , from thence by a line bearing south 22deg 10min, west 16ft, being the boundary to High street, from thence by a line bearing north 37deg 40min , west 24ft - from thence by a line bearing 22deg 10min, 4sec from thence by a line bearing north 18deg 50min , west 11ft , from thence by a line bearing north 42deg 10min east 12ft, being the boundary to Clarendon street, and on which is erected That well known bowling saloon and ham adjo nine the Talbot Hotel. B Lot 2 All that piece or parcel of land in said colony, containing by admeasurement 30 perches, be the same more or less, situate in the county of Tal bot aforesaid, parish of Mary borough, being Allotment 8 of Section 27, Marlborough, bounded on the northwest by Barnard street, bearing north 42deg 10min , east 1 chain, on the north-east by Allotment 2, bearing south 18deg 50min , east 2 chains 25 links, on the south east by Allot- ment 11, bearing south 42deg 30min, west 1 chain, on the south west by Allotment 4, bearing north 18deg, 50min , west 2 chains 26 links Lot 3 All that piece or parcel of land in the said colony, containing by admeasurement 30 perches be the same more or less, situate in the county of Talbot aforesaid parish of Maryborough, being Allot- ment 3 of Section 28, Maryborough bounded on the northwest by Palmerston street, bearing north 42deg 10min , eaBt 1 chain on the north east by Allotment 2, bearing south 7deg 20min , east 2 chains 25 links on the south east by Allotment 11, bearing south 42deg 10min , west I chain, and on the south west by Allotment i, bearing north 47 deg. 50min, west 2 chains 25 links. Lot 4 All that piece or parcel of land in the said colony, containing by admeasurement 30 perches, be the same more or less, situate in the county of Talbot, parish of Maryborough, being Allotment 18 of Section 27, Maryborough, bounded on the north-west by Allotment 4, bearing north 42deg 10min, east 1 chain on the north east by Allotment 11, bearing south 18deg 50min, east 2 chains 25 links, on the south east by Clarendon street, bearing south 42deg 30min, west 1 chain and on the south west by Allotment 12, bearing north 7deg 20min, west 2 chains 26 links The auctioneers would draw the special attention of capitalists, speculators, and others to those really first class properties, affording as they do an opportunity for investment for capital in one of the most rising townships in the colony. The properties are unreserved, and for absolute sale, by order of the mortgagee Title guaranteed Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. At Twelve o'clock To Speculators, Capitalists, Guardians, and Others. Desirable Residence, _ No 26 Stephen street FRASER and COHEN have received instants JP lions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Friday, September 28, at twelve o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, situate in Stephen street, Melbourne, near Flinders lane, commencing at a point 29ft 2in north from Flinders lane, and having a frontage to Stephen-street of 20ft 2in by a depth to a right of way in the rear (15ft wide) of 60ft. Together with The messuage and buildings erected thereon, and known as No 25 Stephen street The house is two storied, and built of brick, and contains on the first floor two parlours and passage, and on the second floor two rooms There is also a dry cellar, divided into kitchen, storeroom, and pantry This property is well worthy the attention of parts seeking a residence for a small family It is situated in one of the most healthy and respectable parts of the city. Title guaranteed Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28 Clearing Solo To Grocers, Storekeepers, Druggists, and Others J FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their room B, Collins street, on Friday, September 28, at half-past eleven o'clock, Ex sundry ships, 118 cases castor oil, in tins 230 do Cape do, do 16 do east or do, in bottl s SO bales oakum 57 do G leutta Unca 60 do go mt J bags 18 bolts canvas 280 bags Scotch oats 081 do Danish do 277 do black do 65 bales hops 100 bags Mauritius sugar 2 do patent sodawater machines 25 gross Carrara water bottles. The attention of the trade is called to this Important clearing sale To be positively told Terms at Sale. _ TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2 St Kilda At the Residence of John Gripe, Esq , Westbourne terrace, Grey street, St Kilda. Drawing, Dining, Bedroom, and other Turniti re and Effects, made to order by Messrs Smith and Messrs Cobb of, London Also, Carriage, Horse, Harness, c FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from John Gripe, Esq (who is leaving the colony for England) to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, Westbourne terrace, St Kilda, on Tuesday, October 2, at twelve o'clock The whole of his furniture and effects, comprising Elegant drawingroom suite (in walnut) consisting of settee, coaches, chiffonniere, chairs, easy chairs tables, c Fine toned piano, in walnut, by Collard and Collard Pier glass, cases, curtains, ornaments, c Elegant diningroom furniture Mahogany chairs, sideboard, EOfa Bookcase, dining table, pier-glass, pictures, curtains, etc And About 200 vols books Bedrooms. Brass tubes bedstead, fitted with a bout here clinics etc, toilet tables, washstands, looking glasses, ohostBof drawers, Brussels and velvet pile carpets Flato ches , consisting of fort s, spoons, cruets, coffee and tea services Superior phaeton, adapted for one or two horses A fine conditioned horse, guaranteed perfectly quiet, and a very fast trotter A child s perambulator An ice box, meat safes And the usual kitchen requisites Catalogues can be had at the rooms of the auctioneers The auctioneers would particularly call the attention of gciHlemon furnishing and others to the above sale of furniture The whole has been made to order, and is almost now We have much pleasure in recommending the whole of this household furniture and effects to the particular notice of intending pur- eba ser# Furniture on view Saturday and Monday before sale. The Whole Will be Sold Without Reserve ' Vi WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. At Two o'clock North Melbourne. By Auction, WILLIAM GLEDHILL will cause to be SOLD by AUCTION, on the ground, on Wednesday, September 20, at two o'clock, by James Long, Esq, auctioneer, All that newly erected brick cottage at the corner of two Government roads, Queensberry street, a splendid position for an hotel The above property is freehold, newly erected, built of splendid materials, and stands upon land having a 28 ft of frontage to Queensberry street, by another frontage to Lothian street of 90 feet, is unequalled in North Melbourne, and being a corner is most admirably suited for the position of an hotel, where success would be most certain, there being no other hotel fronting the same street within some distance. (Queensberry street is already levelled, made, and now being channelled , the Municipality of Hotham are making great and rapid Improvements in this portion of North Melbourne, we have already a railway-station near thereto, and the probability of grand and extensive docks in the neighbourhood, so that the reader may suppose that the time is not far distant when to speak of the owner of such property as is now offered for sale will he tantamount to saying " that man is rich, and also seeing that this locality will before long become an important portion of Melbourne, he is asked to form his opinion of the future value of the most eligible property. Without reserve Title one remove, > Terms at sale. For further particulars and to inspect title-deeds, apply to William Gledhill, estate agent, 82 Lonsdale street west, Melbourne 31 Queenstreet " MONDAY, OCTOBER 8. Preliminary Notice j POWER, RUTHERFORD, and Co. are honoured with instructions from Jno. Mooney, Esq. to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on Monday, October 8, on the station, as under, And without reserve, t The whole of his well-known and very valuable horse stock now running on Cox's Station, Warren coot, near Hamilton, consisting of- ? that well known entire Clydesdale draught horse World's Wonder About 70 brood mares, stinted to the above horse, many of them first-class heavy draught mares About 7 blood mares, stinted to the imported horse Premier 10 colts, one and two years, produce of these mares and Premier 40 colts and fillies two and three years, by world's Wonder and Mr. Wilson's horse SO yearlings, the get of World a Wonder fO-proken In horses of very superior stamp Bay entire Emperor, two years i r Grey do Dutchman, do Eay thoroughbred entire Jupiter, by Premier JSP do mare Cornborough (dam of Fusileer) Also, . Durham bulls, and 4 imported. prize i. "s on to imported stock, and I pnre-bredDurh&mt;, Best's in laturffAavertlsemenaaua ^ÄeswmheÄ{nÄaay. w, THIS DAY. On the Promises No. 4 Barkly-terrace, East Melbourne. At Eleven o'clock sharp. Handsome Household Furniture, &c; To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Warehousemen, and _ Others. Tjnr EASBY and Co. have received instruc- off . tons from J. Johnson, Esq., M.L.A., to SELL by AUCTION, at his residence, No. 4 Barkly, terrace, East Melbourne, on Tuesday, September 25, at eleven o'clock, The whole of his handsome household furniture, comprising DIningroom. Extension table, chairs, sofas, chUTonnloros, carpets, &c.; Druwingrocni. Card and loo tables, suite to room, of chairs, couch, easy chairs and ladies' do, curtains, roller blinds, carpets, c Also, A handsome semi-cottage piano. Bedrooms. Single and double iron bedsteads, mattresses, pillows, bolsters, blankets, counterpanes, dressing-tables, washstands with and without marble tops, wore to do, carpets, roller blinds, &c.; Kitchen. American cooking stoves, meat covers, saucepans, candlesticks, to. ; dinner, tea, and breakfast services, plated forks and spoons, he. Also, A four-wheel phaeton. Terms at sale. Without Reserve. _ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 160 Boxes Coro Stearine Candles. _ To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W" EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, WV at their rooms, 86 Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 160 boxes Coro Stearine candles. Terms Liberal. _ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 247 Half-Chests Fine Congou Tea. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. VEASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 2 at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, Ex Algernon, 0 0- 48 half-chests congou tea 10-27 do do. Ex Anglo-Indian, B 4-48 half-chests congou tea 8-17 do do 6-47 do do 50 do do. The attention of the trade is requested to the sale of the above Uno lot of congous. For his Liberals THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 60 Boxes Price's Carriage Candles. 20 Cases Pollak's Saloon Matches To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and Co. will SELL by AUCTION. . . j at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 50 boxes Price's Belmont candles 20 cases Pollak's saloon matches. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 700 Bags Mauritius Sugars, To Close Accounts. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, , 700 bags And Mauritius sugars, comprising fine counters, crystals, and browns. Terms Liberal. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 85 Quarter-Casks Burdon's Sherry. 32 Octaves Do. Amontillado Do. To Wine Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, in at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 85 quarter-casks Burdon's shorey 82 octaves Amontillado do. The above are a superior lot of wine, and for positive sale. Terms Liberal. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 18 PockotB Kent 1860 Hops To Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 9 at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 18 pockets Kout 1850 hops. The above are a first-rate sample and to be sold. THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 27. CO Cases Fine Sherry, London Bottled. To Wine Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 83 Collins street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, , 80 case?, each three dozen, superior sherry, London-bottled. Terms at Sale. _ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. """ 100 Barrels Oatmeal. 20 Cases Prime Bacon. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. TXT EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, of V v at their rooms, 83 Collins- street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, > 100 barrels oatmeal 20 cases prime bacon. 2 Terms at Sale. _' THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. ' 160 Boxes Nova lib. Candles, Light Weights. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on' Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 100 boxes Nova lib packets candles, light weights In One condition, Terms at Sale. < FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28 187 Packages of Ladies' and Children's Seasonable Boots and Shoes. From Messrs. J. Davies and Sons. Ex Moravian. To Boot and Shoe Warehousemen, Storekeepers, and Others W EASBY and Co. have received instructions \- from Messrs. Parbury, Lamb, and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Friday, September 28, at 11 o'clock, The following Invoice of seasonable boots and shoes, . , Ex Moravian. ' l Ladies'' cashmere boots, elastic sides, patent fronts Do English do, do Do Cloth do, do Do best coloured do do, military boots Do do, pumps, channels Girls' do do Do do, elastic sides, patent fronts Dodo, button, do ' Do memel boots, spotted, do ' Do cordovan do, leather lined, do ' Child's coloured cashmere boots, elastic sides, patent Sides Do do, button, do Do kid boots, elastic sides, do Do do, button, do So Kid Balmorals!!, patent fronts, pumps Ladies'' velvet slippers Do Berlin do Do Brighton do Do Margate do Men's Grecian morocco do ' Do Brighton do Do buff do, so. The above are a very superior shipment of summer goods, and will be sold without reserve. Terms Liberal. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 2,000 Bags Fine Mauritius Sugars. UnSold Portion of Cargo ex Amazon. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received instruct , tons from Messrs. Joshua Brothers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock. The unsold portion of cargo ex Amazon, from Mauritius, comprising lot 1-7 bags 0-80 do 10-200 do 11-816 do 12-62 do 14-72 do 10-66 do 17-60 do 24-180 do 25-289 do 2C-800do Lot 27-104 begs 28-80 do 80-60 do 82-27 do 83-10 do 80-80 do 80 250 do 41-31 do 42-60 do 40-180 do 63-20 do. The above Sugars are good useful soils, and to be Terms Liberal. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 35 Hhds. Cousens's Sherry. 401 Quarter-casks Do. ' 106 Octaves Do. Ex Yenikale. I To Merchants, Wine Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. THE EASBY and Co. have received instruc- Wm tons from Messrs. Jos. Henty and, Co. to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, Ex Yanlkalo, The following choice batch of Cosens's shortly?, be only lot in the market : " over VP, 10 hhds. pale sherry 140 quarter casks do 10 octaves do. * over VP, 2 hhds. And pale sherry 100 quarter-casks do 70 octaves do, treble diamond 2 hhds. And do do 2 ««»ovorVP. 10 hhds. superior pale sherry EO quarter-casks do .«««ovorVP, ' 25 quarter-casks very fine pale particular erry 10 octaves do. u 2 hhds. very fine pale, amontillado-flavoured 36 quarter casks do 15 octaves do " over O S, O F under, ; 10 quarter casks fine old pale. 4 J over A MB, 1 butt very fine old, amontillado-Aavoured 20 quarter-casks do . * SLAovorAMF, lEbd.flMifo^amontiUado,0i . wq AM O over crown. j ^^^tÍorefASde^dAtóthiabeve duty-paid. Towns above. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 160 Boxes lib. Packets Candles. More or Less Damaged. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION' VY at their rooms, 88 Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 160 bc\03 lib packets candles. More or loss slightly damaged, and sold for the bondS of whom it may concern. as Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. A Superior Lot of Fine Light Wines. a >' To Wine Merchants, Private Gentlemen, and Others-. are EASEY and Co.willSELL by AUCTION,, of s at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 50 cases Cliquot and Co.'s champagne 75 do Eporntiy do 60 do sparkling hermitage 50 do do maitrank 00 do Steinberg cabinet CO do Johannisborger 100 do superior fine claret, The attention of the trade is directed to the sale of the above realty fine lot of light wines. Terms at Sale. _ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. "" 800 Cases MaitclPa Pelo Brandy. ~ Guaranteed Genuine. To Wine Merchants and Others. W EASEY and Coxwell SELL by AUCTION.' at their rooms, 83 Colllns-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, 800 cases Martell's pale brandy. , Guaranteed genuine. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, OCTOBER 1. ~ At Twelve o'clock. Without Reserve. Valuable and Extensive Business Premises, situate 80 Queen street, Melbourne, Late in the Occupation of David Masterton, And Those Capital Substantial Stores in The Most Central and Business Part of - Sandhurst, Lately occupied by Messrs. Watson, Henderson, and Co. and Messrs. Moses, My ors, and Co. Also, Those Desirable Building Allotments, Situate in the Most Valuable Part of High street, Echuca, By Order of the Executors of the Late A. R. Cruikshank, Esq. To Capitalists, Merchants, Storekeepers'!, Hotel Proprietors, Wholesale Grocers, and Others, Desirous of Obtaining First-rate Stores or Building _ Sites. 6 A] EASEY and Co. have received Instruct 2 by 3 tions from the executors of the late A. R. Cruikshank, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Monday, October 1, at twelve o'clock, Lot. All that piece or parcel of land, being part of Allot- ment 0, Section 6, in the town of Melbourne, and having A fi ontago of 45ft. to Queen-street, by a depth of 132ft. 6in., with use of right-of way 20ft, wide in the rear, from Little Bourke-street, together with All buildings erected thereon. Comprising, Substantial brick-built commodious store, covering the whole area of ground, with offices and other compartments divided off Inside and admirably adapted for carrying on any large whole. sale grocery, produce, or other general business, requiring spacious premises. This store is well known to the trade in the city, suburban, and country districts as that occupied by David Masterton, And lately by Messrs. A. it Cruikshank and Co., (In liquidation,) and, from its central and splendid position, equal to any business premises in Melbourne. TI of Store is open to Inspection daily, Further particulars apply 80 Queen street ; or the auctioneers, Collins- street. Title unexceptionable. Lot 2. Allotment corner of Williamson and Hargreaves streets, Market-square, Sandhurst, and having a frontage of 16ft. to Williamson-street, Market square, and a frontage to Hargreaves-street of 74ft. Upon this land are erected those capital and spacious brick-built store, late in the occupation of Messrs, Watson and Henderson and Messrs. Moses, Myers, and Co, comprising large store, floored with 2in. colonial hardwood, cellar 30ft. deep, 22ft. wide, extending the whole length of the store, wltbtplatronn above, similar dimensions, floored with C x J flooring, and having half the length divided by a wood and glass partition, which forms an extensive wardroom well suited for a drapery or boot and shoe department, or could be easily subdivided into private dwelling apartments. Large brick-built (several officers, with three dwelling rooms a four-stall stable, paved with wooden blocks ; brick and cemented water-tank, containing upwards of 5,000 gallons water, and roofed over; yard, 15ft. by 15ft on closed we 1th brick walls, &o; These premises are so well known that the auctioneers deem it unnecessary to give lengthened particulars. The [stores are built in the most substantial manner, very extensive, and with a bold architectural elevation to Williamson and Hargreaves street s, and have since entrances from Market square, and one entrance from Hargreaves street, The site is unrivalled, holing in the most central and business part of Sandhurst, close to Pall Mall, and the various banks. Market square is the great centre for all the outlying diggings, and where all the markets are held. The weighbridge is conveniently situated in front of the store, and the premises are so built and arranged that for a trifling expense four large and substantial stores could easily be made by subdivision. Purchasers will be furnished with every Information on application at the auctioneers', where a plan and elevation of the stores can be seen. Lot 8. ' All that valuable allotment of land, situate at Echuca, having a frontage to High-street of 1 chain 70 links, by a depth or another frontage to Leslie street of 2 chains. This capital piece of land is situate in the most control part of High-street, Echuca, and for the erection of stores or other buildings Is invaluable. Titles unexceptionable. Terms liberal, And No reserve. Full particulars as to title, c, can be obtained on application to Messrs. Klingender, Charsley, and Co., or the auctioneers. THIS DAY. To Furniture Dealers, Parties Furnishing, Private Families, and Others: Sale of New and Secondhand Household Furniture Counting-house Fittings, and Miscellaneous Goods. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, JJ in his rooms, 10 Collins street east, on Tuesday, September 25, at twelve o'clock, New furniture, colony but make Secondhand furniture Office fittings, etc. All to be sold Without Reserve anís DAY. To Furniture Dealers, Hotelkeepers, and Others. 2 Cases Iron Four-post Bedsteads, each five For Account of Whom it Concerns. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the im- pel tors to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, TO golden street east, on Tuesday, September 25, at the elve o'clook, 10 iron four post bedsteads, 4ft. 6in. x 6ft 6in. To be sold for the benefit of all concerned. Without Reserve. THIS DAY. To Draymen and Others, 1 American Di day. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, J in his rooms, 10 Collins street east, on Tuesday, September 25, at twelve o'clock sharp, 1 American dray, complete, high schools, and suitable for large casks. No reserve. Terms Cash. _ THIS DAY. To Booksellers and Others. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in. his rooms, 40 Collins street east, on Tuesday, September 26, at twelve o'clock, A choice collection of new and standard works, as _. every way lots of binding. / Also, A fine selection of French lithographs, famed. Terms at Sale. THIS DAY. To Furniture Dealers and ( Passengers Returning to England. Surplus Cabin Furniture. Ex Wollesloy. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by a cabin pts senger, ex the Wellesley, to SELL by AUCTION, In his rooms, 10 Collins street cast on Tuesday, September 25, at twelve o'clock sharp, Ex Wellesley, Surplus cabin furniture, consisting of- a Coucji, chairs Halrjmattnv b (swinging lamps sheets, blankets.) .- Waslflng-ttanel, See. No reserve. , Terms Cash. T~ THIS DAY. To Country Storekeepers, Ironmongers, and Others. Sale of American Ironmongery and Woodvvaro. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, TO Collins-street east, on Tuesday, September 25, at twelve o'clock sharp, 12 nests tubs , 100 dozen three-hoop buckets 30 nests market baskets, And . Invoices of American ironmongery. Further Particulars and Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. " To Painters, Paperhangers, Ironmongers, and Others. Sale of Paints, Oils, and Colours. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by the impor II team to SELL by AUCTION, in his rooms, TO Collins-street east, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, Ceta oil Hew and boiled linseed oil Points, poporhang'UgB Whiting, London waggon grease, so. Farther particulars and terms prior to solo. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. To Painters, Sodawater Manufacturers, and Others. v Tons Whiting, In small casks. JOHN M'COMBE will SELL by AUCTION, in JJ his rooms, 10 OoUlnwtreot east, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, J tons whiting, In small packages. Invoice weights, and taken. |_ The bulk of the above is in the store of Messrs. Foxton, Jones, and Co., where intending purchasers TO invited to inspect No Reserve WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. At the Stores of Messrs. Farmer and Bradley. IIB High-street, St. Kilda, Adjoining the Bay View Hotel. Unreserved Sale of Stock-in-Trade, Horses, Harness, Spring-Carts, &a;, of Messrs. Farmer and Bradley, Corn Factors, who are relinquishing the trade. JOHN M'COMBE is instructed by Messrs. s>| Farmer and Bradley to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, 155 High-street, adjoining the Bay View Hotel, St. Kilda, on Wednesday, September 20, twelve o'clock sharp, The entirostock-<n-trado, consisting of Oats-colonial, Scotch, Irish, Danish, do. Barley Maize, whole and cracked By an, pollard, chaff, &c.; In quantities to suit. Together with the utensils used in the business, comprising, Wolgb'ng-maoh'nos, grain-screens, corn-crushers, trucks, scoops, so. Also, Bhoraos, all stanch, and in fine condition, and suitable for any work 2 unbroken colts 1 Spring-cart Harness, Co. A quantity of miscellaneous goods and effects. And, unless previously disposed of by privateers tract. The goodwill of the business, which is now well established, together with the store, and lease for three years, at a nominal rent, the landlord agreeing to purchase the improvements on the expiry of the lease. To parties about commencing business, this Is confidently recommended as a perfectly safe and profitable business. All to be sold without reserve. For cash, The trade are reminded that portions of the stock are stored in Melbourne, where delivery can be taken. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Bolo of Fine Fresh Groceries, Stout, Bottled Ale, No, JOHN COMBs will hold an extensive SALE of groceries, etc, In his rooms, in Collins street east, on Friday, September 28, at twelve o'clock, comprising Sinclair's pigs' fowls and cheek? Morice Cox and Co's stout Lochfine white herrings, half cases Sago, cheese Robinson's assorted biscuits Bottled ale, bulk beer, &c.; All new goods WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26. At Quarter before Eleven o'clock Sharp, At the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, Flinders-street. Ex Samaritan. 100 Barrels Henshaw's plaster-of-paris, Extra Baked. To Builders, Cement Merchants, Contractors, and Others. ~ GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at the Hobson's Bay Railway Shed, Flinders-street, on Wednesday, September 20, at a quarter before eleven o'clock sharp, Ex Samaritan, 100 barrels Henshaw's plaster-of-paris, extra baked. The above is worthy the attention of the trade, being of best quality. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. Without Reserve. On Account of Whom it May Concern. Ex Lorenzo. 81 Cases Galvanized Corrugated Iron. eggs More or Less Damaged. ASSAM for GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- ? T Wells 'from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, Ex Lorenza, O, 31 cases galvanized corrugated iron, consisting of 26 cases, 1,176 sheets, 0 x 30, 21 gauge 6 do, 300 do, 63 x 30, do 16 do, 450 do, 7 x 80, do 21 do, 1,060 do, 6 x 30,20 gauge 0 do, 460 do, 7 x 30, do 16 do, 50 do, 6 x SO, 28 gauge. More or less damaged. Without Reserve. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. At a Quarter to Eleven o'clock. At the Now Shed, Railway, Flinders-street. 40 Barrels Stockholm Tar. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at the Railway Shed, Flinders-street, on Wednesday, September 20, at a quarter to eleven o'clock, 4) barrels Stockholm tar. All faults. No reserve. Terms cash. Observo-Now Shed, Flinders-street Wednesday, quarter to eleven o'clock. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. At a Quarter to Eleven o'clock. 25 Casks Roman Cement, 13 Do. plaster-of-paris. To Contractors, Builders, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC ' TION, at the Old railway Shed, Flinders- street, wednesday, September 20, at a quarter to eleven o'clock, 25 casks Roman coin out 18 do plaster-of-paris. No reserve. Terms- cash. Observe Old Railway Shed, Flinders-street, Wednesday quarter to eleven o'clock. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. On Account of Whom it May Concern. 28 Colts Steam Packing. 1 Tale Hemp No. 7 Grindstones. GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, 7 grindstones 2 16 coils hemp steam packing 18 do flax do 1 bale hump packing. On account of whom it may concern. No reserve. Terms Cash. WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 20. 24 Circular Saws, 13 to 30 inch. To Ironmongers and the Trade. for GREIG and MURRAY are instructed to SELL VDT by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, 24 circular saws, 18 to 30 Inch. No reserve. Terms Cash. - THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 150 Boxes Neva Stearine Candles, light weights, 25 packets each box. For Unreserved Sale. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. ' GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street west, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, I 160 boxes Nova stearine candles, light weights, rich 25 packets. No reserve. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. ' Important Sale of Choice New Goods. Just Landing and Landed. Candles, Jams, Sauces, Castor Oil, Gonfecllonory, Raisins, Currants, Mustard, Sardines, c To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, and Others. of GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc JT tons from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, The following invoice of choice new goods, just landed in splendid order : 100 boxes lightweight candles 60 cases Party's pint pickles, assorted 10 do Colman's mustard, in 7lb. tins 50 boxes Muscatel raisins, in splendid Order ' 60 hat-boxes do, do 26 barrels pudding raisins, do 100 boxes Eleme do, do 26 barrels prime currants 60 cases assorted jams 20 do do sauces 40 do do confectionery 10 do castor oil 6 doJujubes 20 do quarter sardines, c. Torres at sale. The above are prime new goods, just landed, and are to be sold. _ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 20 Cases Bromnor's Bacon, each 2cwt. 65 Half-Barrels Dried Apples. 100 Casks Ind and Coope's Ale, quarts. For Unreserved Sale. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Wine and Spirit Merchants, and Others. for GREIG and MURRAY have received inBtruo IT tions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, author rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, Ex Gipsey Bride, 20 cases Bremner's bacon, each 2cwt, < Ex Mary Bangs, 55 half-barrels dried apples, Ex Malvina Vidal, 100 casks Ind and Coope's ale, quarts, each i dozen. No reserve. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 100 barrels Currants. 120 Boxes Eleme Raisins. 10 Cases Chocolate. 20 Casks Pearl Barley. 10 Barrels Ginger. To Grocers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others, in GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AgO IT TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, 100 barrels currants 120 boxes Eleme raisins 15 cases chocolate 20 casks pearl barley 10 barrels ginger. Terms at Balik *" THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. 100 Cases Guinness's Stout, each 3 dozen, 160 Do. Champagne Vineyard Brandy. 200 Do. Geneva, half-cases. i To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Others. I GREIG and MURRAY are instructed by the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, 100 cases Guinness's stout, each 8 do. 150 do Champagne Vineyards brandy 200 do geneva, Indicates. Terms at Sale, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. Important Sale of Oilmen's Stores, Groceries, &o.; GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc r tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock. An invoice of oilmen's stores-? Jame andjoi'Ies Pickles and sauces Sperm candles Patimiico Oats Bacon and hams. Toms at me. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27. " *. ~ 8 Tons Colonial flour. 2 Do. Pollard. To Millers, Bakers, and Others. |~1 KEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUC AJ TION, at their rooms, on Thursday, September 27, at twelve o'clock, 8 tons colonial flour 2 do pollard. No reserve. Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. South Brighton. Farming Implements, Growing Crops, and Vegetables. Horses, Cows, Fowls, Drays, Go. By Order of R.E. Jacomb, Esq., Official Assignee in. the Insolvent Estate of David Padwick. ALFRED BLISS has been favoured with instructions from R. E. Jacomb, Esq., Official Assignee In tho Insolvent Estate of David Padwick, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the farm, South Brighton, on Wednesday, September 20, at one o'clock, The whole of the Crop, Garden Stuff and Vegetables now growing on the farm of 85 acres (more or loss in the occupation of the Insolvent. Together with the Stock, Farming Implements, to., consisting of 1 horses Saddles and bridles Cows 80 fowls 4 pigs 1 roller 2 ploughs 1 chaffcutter 2 harrows drays Dog cart Quantity of bags 2 sets harness 1 drill, etc. Terms cash. No Reserve.. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. Township of Pj along. Sale of the Pyalong Hotel and Cultivated Farms, 18 miles from Kilmore, on the Main Road to Health to, Echuca, and Deniliquin. To Publicans, Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. ALFRED BLISS has been favoured with in structions to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises known as the Pyalong Hotel', Pyalong (situate 18 miles from Kilmore), on Friday, September 28, at one o'olock, The following Freehold Properties! Allotment 4 of Section 9, township of Pyalong, containing 2r. 2p. ; also Allotment 2 of Section 6, containing 2r. 19p" on which is erected the Pyalong Hotel, containing 11 rooms and bar, kitchen, servants' room, stabling for 80 horses, store room, and other out-buildings ; also a vary large barn. A Allotment 3 of Section 9, township of Pyalong, containing 15\. Or. 25p., on which is erected a Blacksmith's Shop. Allotment 4 of Section 9, township of Pyalong, containing Ir. 36p., with Stock-yard b and Butcher's Shop erected thereon. Suburban Portion 85, parish of Pyalong, containing 38 acres floods, The land fronts the creek and road, is partly under cultivation, and the remainder grass paddock. The whole fenced in. Suburban Portion 12, parish of Pyalong, containing by admeasurement 28 acres 1 rood and 38 perches. This land fronts the high road, and is only a few hundred yards from the hotel, and is bounded by t ive other roads, is well fenced-in with a four-rail fence, and is now under cultivation. The whole of the above unmentioned proportion are now under lease to Mr. Michael Nugent, two year from November next unexpired, and subject to the low yearly rental of £360, and will be sold, subject to such lease, in one lot. Suburban Portion No. 62, potlBb of Pyalong, containing 3 acres 3 roods and 7 perches, and forming A Grass Paddock, fenced in, and is in a most elevated and eligible position. This place is not subject to any lease, and will be sold separately. Title perfect. Terms declared at Sale. N.B. Sale takes place at the Pyalong Hotel on Friday, September 23, at one o'clock, MONDAY, OCTOBER 29. Sale by Public Auction of the Finest Farm In Victoria. Moonee Ponds. Solo of that truly Valuable Farm, DwcllI' ghouse, Gardens, and Out-buildings, known as La Rose Estate, Containing 275. 2r. 37p. By order of John Goodman, Esq., Official Asslgnee in the Estate of Collier Kobousou. To Farmers, Capitalists, Speculators, and the Gentry or Victoria. ALFRED BLISS has been favoured with instructions from John Goodman, Esq., Official Assignee In the estate of of Collier Robertson, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the farm known as a Bobo, situate off Essendon, at the Moonee Ponds, on Monday, October 59, at one o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land, being Portion 54, parish of Jika Jika, containing by admeasurement: 250a. 2r. 37p. Together with, The stone dwelling house, stabling, and outbuild '" ings erected thereon, and known as LaRose Estate, consisting of a. r. p. Largo cultivation paddock. 227 8 82 Paddock, including vineyard 8 10 Garden attached to house. 0 10 Homestead and stockyards. 0 2 37 Grass land along bank of ponds .... 83 1 0 Grass paddock at north-east angle of estate 0 18 270 2 37 The Largo Cultivation Paddock, consisting of 227. Sr. 32p., is now bearing a most luxuriant ? crop, and is well worth the Inspection of intending purchasers, The Dwellinghouse is very substantially built of stone, and is very well finished, and commands a most delightful view of Melbourne, the Bay, and shipping, besides overlook- ing the valley of the Moonee Ponds, with its English-like homesteads. The Stable contains 12 stalls, and is exceedingly well erected in stone, with harness- room and good roomy lofts, and stockyards In the rear. The Garden, consisting of a quarter of an acre, comprises every description of plant and fragrant flower indeed contains all that can be desired. Paddock, includingVIneyord, consisting of Sa. or., two to three acres of which are well stocked with choice vines, orange, pear, and apple trees, &c.; Grass Land along the Ponds consists of 80a Ir, and the Grass Paddock, at the north east angle of the estate, consists of Car. 8p. This estate altogether forms, without exception, the most magnificent property for forming and resident purposes near Melbourne, being only about five miles from the Post-office. It is well watered by the Moonee ponds, besides which there is a very extensive and well-built reservoir at the back of the dwellinghouse. which holds sufficient water for supply of homestead throughout the year. The auctioneer is well aware that this property is well and favourably known, but to those who have not seen it so strong ly urges an inspection. A plan of the estate is on view at the offices of the auctioneer, 10 Colllns- street west, Melbourne, where cords to view and all Information can be obtained. The title is guaranteed. The terms will be declared at sale. N.B. The solo takes place on the ground, on Monday, October 20, at one o'clock. THIS DAY. Auction Sale of Household Furniture and Effects, ' Pianoforte, ? Dogcart, Harness, Fowls, Pigs, Geese. c" At Blythewood Hall, Now. MR, STUBBS has received instructions from Thomas Sutherland, Esq. (previous to his departure for India), to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at BIythowood Hall, near the Post-office, Kew, on Tuesday, September 25, solo to commence at one o'clock, All the very valuable household furniture and effects, including Driwln groom. Complete suite of drawing-room furniture Superior pianoforte Centre table, curtains, bands, &c.; Carpet, rugs Pier glass Chandallcr, ornaments, &c;, Diningroom. Mahogany sideboard, marble top Dining tables Chairs, couch, and sofa Bookcase Marble table, butler's stand Carpet, rugs, &c.; Also, Several sets of bedroom furniture, with a large variety of other household effects, Dogcart Harness Fowls, pigs, geese, &c.; Catalogues of which can be had at the auction mart, or at Mr. Barnard's, chemist. Kew WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17. To Markotgardenere, Newly-arrived Immigrants, and Others. I ' Wilton Grange, s Elsternwick and Little Brighton. A very Valuable Villa Estate of 20 Acres, Fit for the Establishment of a Gentleman and Family MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the property, on Wednesday, October 17, at one o'clock precisely, ' i A valuable villa or market-garden estate of 21 acres, situate at the corner of the Elsternwick and Little Brighton boundary, opposite the residence of of - Shepherd, Esq. The deeds of grant (two) of this complete pro- ductive property are in favour of the present owner, and may be inspected if necessary before the solo, so that an intending buyer (has nothing to do but to make up his mind to the propriety of the purchase, and to go upon it at once, having the following easy grounds to work upon immediately, viz, :-? . L It is all fenced find enclosed. 2\. All under crop, and in cultivation, i 8. A never-failing spring of pellucid water. [ Terms at Sale, M THURSDAY, SEPTEMBEBS7/^T"^ More Freehold Investments. Monthly Tennis., Opposite St John's Church, MdDbtïïÎt Four Good-sized Houses. Each let at £6 10s. per Month. TO Moneyed Contractors, Small Capitalists, and MR. STUBBS is instructed by the DromAnA. (who is settled in the country's tobacco AU AUCTION, on the premiscs/Laftotoste^ near the corner of Elizabeth-Street, annuities' tember 27, at twelve o'clock precisely, """R **. all those four freehold income properties after.. opposite St John's Church, and nurses 12, and 14 La Trobe-street. hammered 8,10, -. QP-è10 he, said all in one loss A separately, with right-of-way In the rear. assay, was They will go cheap. Terms at sale. Title, freehold. Note-The public are aware of then adopt policy adopted by the banks. each TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2.-? To InduStrious Clerks. Mechanics, and Immediate Lately Arrived. ? w Barkly Cottage, Opposite Barkly-square, Richmond, Near the Swan-street Railway Station, ' 'it. STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC Aun w. TION, on the premises, Easey-street once oayToctober 2, at on? o'clock precisely, R Tues" All that valuable freehold Richmond property and premises known as Barkly Cottage simplest parlour, diningroom, and two bedrooms; S gether a very snug little nest place, just suited to a man with a small family. He outlay resulted but the purchase, the rest all ready y W½ Terms-Half Cash ; the residue at four months. " FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. "4? The well-known Crack Sailing Yacht PADDY FROM CORK. ' Just in time for the forthcoming Geelong Forms To Gentlemen of Independence residing at BAY. St Kilda, and other PicturesqueViÄ^Ä* TIGER. STUBBS is instructed by the winners JLVJL land owners to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION on "the Government Pier at Sandridge, one-day October 6, at one o'clock p.m. precisely, Jaguar The above mentioned beautiful Baillie writes PADDY FROM CORK? ' Note-The is p 35-04 tons, coppered and copper, fastened, and well found. All her upper and Xmi for tackle is in first-rate condition, aSdaUheffid ing and running rigging also. She has two males two foresails, square sah, two balloons, throw-off and no storm ribs; also, one balloon topsail and four working ditto, Marryat's Code of Signals, and 4 to 5 tons lead ballast. w The Inventory will be produced at the sale. Terms at sale. Refreshments, Ao, on board. ~~ PRELIMINARY NOTICE of BALES" To Master Mariners, Railway Contractors, Nawios, and Others. Extension of Williamstown, Between the Great Junction Terminus and the Town and Bay. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor to being the valuable some suburban and unknown property to PUBLIC COMPETITION, on the ground, on Thursday, October i, at twelve o'clock precisely, As per plan to be inspected at the mart, 1st. The sizes of the lots vary from OOx 196, more or less, leaving every purchaser free as to the extent he might wish to go. 2nd. The land is fit for immediate occupation, and divested of underwood, decidedly improving the properly by a delightful opening view of the Bay. t 3rd. It is not more than a few minutes' walk from the railway station or steamer. The train passes every hour, Note-The man of business has everything, he can wish for in the enjoyment his villa cottage and grounds, without any hindrance to his daily affairs for it is well known that men living out of town or more punctual by an hour or two than those living in. Their sleep is sweet, and mon rise lusty and strong, with a cool head and steady hand. Then, as to Locality. The town and harbour is on the left, and the junction there Inns on the right, equi-distant from both; In the rear, Williamstown properties, the town Iteolfbelnga» subdivided by well-established streets of intercourse that every desirable communication is most provi- dently taken care of. Terms-25 per cent., and the residue at three, six, nine, and twelve months', bearing 10 per cent, per annum. " PRELIMINARY NOTICE. Valuable Building Land at Sandridge, Having frontages to Bay-street, Railway place, Raglan and Nott streets. T) BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have instruction Jo to offer for SALE by PUBLIC AUCTION, on an early day, Several valuable building allotment, some In the original Government blocks and others subdivided, plans of which, with full information, may be obtained of the auctioneers. Terms liberal. Titles, Crown Grants "" THIS DAY. Household Furniture, etc. No. 1 Turner's-cottages, Gardiner's Creek road, Near the Suburban Railway Hotel. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received instructions from the proprietor, who is leaving for the country, to SELL by AUCTION, at the above address, on Tuesday, September 25, at twelve o'clock, The whole of his household furniture, and., consisting of Parlour, Bedroom, and Kitchen furniture; carrots, Hair-seated chairs, sofa and easy chair chiffonniere, pier-glasses, loo and other tables, iron bedsteads, hair and other mattresses, chests of drawers, washstands, toilet tables looking-glasses, c A lot of poultry. And A quantity of sundries. Without reserve. Catalogues to be had at the rooms of the auc- tioneers WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. Prior to Catalogue Sale. 7 Cases of Damaged Iron Bedsteads, For the Benefit of Whom It May Concern. To Furniture Dealers, Ironmongers, Storekeepers', Parties Furnishing, and Others, BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received j) instructions from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Wednesday, September 20, at eleven o'clock, P P, D over, 7 cases of iron bedsteads, more or less damaged by sea-water, consisting of 6 cases Peyton and Peyton's stump bedsteads, aft 6in x 9ft 6in. Do do four-post, ornamented, herd and foot rail?, 4ft. 6in. x 9ft 6in. Without Reserve. _ WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER SB. ' Catalogue Sale of New and Secondhand Household Furniture, and Miscellaneous Goods. To Private Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, Hotel and Boarding-house Keepers, Storekeepers, and Others. S BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will hold their |"> regular Wednesday's Catalogue SALE by AUCTION, at their rooms, 38 and 40 Collins-street east, on Wednesday, September 20, commencing at twelve o'clock, The day's sale will comprise the undermentioned articles of furniture, to, : Bedroom Furniture. Single and double son bedsteads, horsehair and other mattresses, bolsters, feather pillows, Palliasses Cedar, mahogany, and painted chests of drawers, Cane-seat chairs, looking-glasses, towel Mils, washstands and toilet tables. Diningroom and Petlour Furniture. Carpets ; mahogany and cedar sofas, in hair and cloth Cedar and mahogany chairs, do Couches, chiffonniere, sideboards, telescope and loo tables , , , , . . Easy chairS, oak and mahogany hall chairs, hat and umbrella stands. Drawingroom Furniture. Bulte of rosewood furniture In blue and flowers damask, couches, easy chairs, side-table In rosewood and walnut wood, fancy Cane-seat chairs, whatnots, rosewood loo tables, doors Handsome gilt pier glasses, in a variety of patterns and sizes. , Beauchamp Brothers would call particular attention to their Wednesday's Sales. Parties giving up housekeeping and wishing to realize upon their form turn and effects will find the above rooms, with the auctioneers long experience in the furniture trade, their easiest and best plan of obtaining a fair market values "WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. Prior to Catalogue Sale. Bedroom Suites of Furniture. To Parties Furnishing, Furniture Dealers, Hotel keepers, and Others. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have received H Instructions from the importers to SELL by ¿VoTIoXst"hoirrooms, Collins street, on Wednes VIA suite, of ftaitaveo^iT 05 Bedstead, chest of drawers, washstand, 4 chairs, 1 rocking-chair, and two-horse. Without Reserve, -~ THIS DAY. To Grocers, Restaurant and Hotel Keepers, Dealers, and Others. Unreserved Sale of Groceries, Provisions, to. 24 Gertrude street. T LAURENCE WILLIAMS will SELL by AUS T TION? on the premises, 24 Gertrude-street, Arflngwood', on Tuesday, September 25, at two old stockade of a suburban storekeeper, roBOTed 8 for convenience of sale, comprising smart provisions, oilmen's stores, &c;, In great variety and a lot of sundries. No Reserve THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER W. in the Insolvent Estate, of OF Potts, Draper is in a Swanston-street. . To Owners, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. The estate of G. F. Potts, draper, to BELL Dy tun LIC AUCTION, on the premises, No. 61 Swanston street, on Thursday, September 27, at eleven o'clock, The whole of his retail stock, consisting of Ladies' and children's underclothing merinoes, coburgs, alpaca", and glow as Bonnets, trimmed and untrimmed Hosiery, flannels, ticks, to. Ribbons, Laces, and muslins cloaks and mantles Head-dresses, flowers, and feathers Oilcloths, meetings And together with the Shop furniture and fittings, including Ooillghtsjmlrror 60 x 40, counter, c \- Without the least reserve. Terms-Cash. 31 Queen-street. 