RKYIFAV OP THE MELBOURNE MARKETS. (From Saturday s Journal of commerce.) Oca market has again improved this week inr various articles, although general business has been extremely quiet, and'It has been'positively more difficult, during the past' week, to effect sales to the trade than for a long time past, and with much talk about improved prospects; there is, for the moment, really very little to justify the better feeling ? which on all sides is allowed to exist Nevertheless; things are really better, but the improvement is rather in the hopes and demands bf sellers, than in the fixed convictions aiid concessions of buyers; but there is a suffi cient indication afloat that the views of buyers and sellers will very soon assimilate, and that the low range of values, which we have so long deprecated, will soon be forgotten, and give way to a-more lucrative series of prices, and one more in consonance with the cost and risks of importation. But, for the moment, the change lias not actually been brought about; buyers are halting with a bias however in favpr of closing, with the demands of sellers, and ihe market is in a state of transition, with a good deal of speculative inquiry,' which requires but the least encouragement from the legitimate trade de mand to send priees np pretty widely. To illustrate the foregoing remarks, we will glance at the articles that at present occupy most at tention, but adding, that it is only in these that anv improvement is felt, and tliat those who do not happen to be interested in them have little consolation to expect from any general hotter feeling, such as will he required to release the heterogeneous stocks of the very' articles which most importers have just now the ill fortune to hold. Foremost amongst the articles in favour, we have to place rice. Oats, which were the chief constellation last week, have waned under the more attracting aspect of this new. luminary. At the beginning of last week, new rice was still obtain-: able at LIS; Unit, to-day, it is liard to tell j what the exact value is, and sellers are perhaps more reluctant to fix a value than what buyers would be, for they have actually paid L22 for rice, and this would fix 1.24 as the value of new. The rise is a very rapid one, but many causes have combined to" bring it about. The millers have probably assisted a consumption, which lias latterly largely increased, and the stocks in town liave got into very manageable compass, Freights in'Calcutta .have advanced to Lo for dead weight to the colony^ whilst' some time back they were only L'21 Op, and rice lays down much dcarer.than expected. Beyond the Mary Tleasaiit 110 ship for Australia was on the berth on the 22nd of March, and such quantities as can come down for the present will be considerably smaller-than what- can be taken off at-the recent rate of consumption; and beyond this, and wliat mostly conduces tq, and justifies the speculation, Is the large quantity of Chinese immigrants which we have to expect this year. Oats are higher this week, although there has been no excite ment in the market; but the.total cessation of Bristish supplies has had a mosVbcneficial effect, and, without any renewed speculation, prices have advanced Gd per bushel daring the week— a sufficient rise in so short a time, although, ap parently, it does not keep pace with the expecta tions of holders, who have made their minds up that oats are good stock; and wish every ■ one to be, on the instant, of thosameopinion. Colonial oats-are held for:5sGd; Calilornian for05; at which price we know of sales of very good sam plea of Danish. Calcutta are worth 4s Gd; and Scotch and Irish 4s. In teas there is still an upward movement, and one in which the trade, either from choice, because they hold stocks, or from necessity on account of an active country demand which they must supply, seem very ready to participate in; and fine teas espe cially are LI higher this week—brands which were selling this week at £11, now briug £12. Common congous have scarcely sympatliised with fine kinds, but they evidently must do so before long, as the stocks of fine teas are running out fast. ' In brandies the effect of the mail has been strongly to demonstrate the inconstancy of hope, the futility.of expectation,' and the force of first impressions. Jlarteli's, even though a shade easier in London, still costs 13s to lay down; the quan tity shipped is not large, being mostly represented by one stray lot sent by one shipper for no com prehensible purpose, 'and notbing has taken place in the prospects of this article that would account lor its not going to 13s, the price foreshadowed by recent heavy purchases. But it has not gone to 13s, and remains at lis 9d, simply because the first telegram from Adelaide reported shipments as increased: no matter that the general body of shippera are not sending a gallon, that only some twelve hogsheads went on to Sydney during the month, and that the article was seldom in a better position; the first telegram damped the eourage'of holders, and no subsequent news has been able to remove the force of that impression; and, in spite of all this, some people and the home government especially, will have it that it is no. disadvantage to us that the steamers call at ftepean Hay; just as if, in these times of electric telegraphs, a lightly or erroneously constructed sentence did not cost the public, thousands of pounds. Al though first-class brandies are not higher since the mail, prices are so firmly maintained that it is apparent that a further rise,'though it has not taken place, is imminent, and brandies of les3 known standing are now being taken, and go into consumption at rates comparatively high to those which ruled a few weeks back. ; Thus Central Vineyard is now worth 9s Gd, and almost any real Cognac brands will sell at 7s Gd. On coffee, the mail with advices from Ceylon that the Marion had gone to Madras, and was not coming on here just now, and that ouly a small cargo was being sent in the Yuughal, Lis had a most beneficial efiect upon the small quantity of plantation now in the market, and it is held for extreme rates, lOd and ild being demanded/Amongst minor articles Hops-hare improved, in consequence of the very small quantity shipped , in February to a market extremely bare of stock. To-day most holders are asking 12d to ltd, aud there seems much proba bility of their being higher. Soda Crystals, after "being depressed to li9rare now held for-Lll ; and Pudding Itairins, Cuitants,and Barceloua Nuts are all better. -Jn Timber there is again a marked and decided improvement Scotch Flooring is worth Hd, whilst Deals have advanced to iu the yard, as importers. in consequence of advices to hand, which put shipments from the Baltic in 1SG0 almost out of the question, have raised the price of 9 x 3 to od, and for some very good timber are asking fi.Jd. Deals previously high in Sweden are again, iu consequence of the reduction of the timber duties and other causes, advanced, LI a standard at the Baltic ports, whilst freights will probably rule considerably higher on the opening of the navigation than they did last year, and will render it impossible to lay down deals hereunder Gd to G.ld. In Butter there is no change; but prices of Cnik areles3 firm at Is fid, whilst Colonial trill proliably be Is fid next week, as the price in Sydney has advanced from 1b 3d to Is Gd. Candle3 continue scarce, and Belmonts are worth lGjd. For Hams, higher prices are, expected, but, as yet, they remain uuehauged.! p£ Iron is a shade better, and commands LO, and there is also some improvement in Zinc and Gal-; vauised Plain Iron, whilst Tin Plates are belling faster than they did. For Blasting Powder the trade are at length beginning to inquire, but there is considerable difference as yet between their views and those of holders, who demand 12d, whilst they oiler I'd. In other articles there is little or no change Wend what we notice under specific heads. Ale and Pojiteb.—Bulk Ale is landing in considerable quantities from English vessels, and Ea&s;'s does not meet with ready sale at L7 1.1s. Bottled Porter continues to sell at 103 3d to Ids Gd per down, aud Bottled Ale is now getting scarce, and will very likely presently rule higher I than Porter. | ! Bacon.—We do not make any alteration in our quotations, The demand has not been so brisk : this week. I Bcithi!.—'There is no alteration to notice. The j news per mail was expected to affect Its value, but J holders seem to be satisfied cf their ability to sus-1 j tain the market, and -the trade have beeu obliged i to purchase at old quotations. We quote first class parcels newly landed at la fid, ami iu cloth a I shade over that figure can be obtained. | Oaxlu.l* remain in very good deinaud, aud may be quoted at lGj'd for Beliuonts. Cements are in good demand, The market is overstocked with; plaster, which is consequently unsaleable. Ciikesi: continues as dull as ever. Very fine ; Wilts in bladder would command a trifle over j quotations, but for other descriptions we do not note any alteration. i Dkied Fklti'.s are at length improving in value, j and pudding raisin?, toft shell almonds, and Bar* 1 celoiia auto [ire worth uwre wvaey thau Lut week. I Cape anil Eleine raisins bring 7<1, soft sliell al monds 7d, and Barcelona nuts fid. Currants and muscatels are not as jet actually bigber, but pro bably will shortly fee so. Eastep.v Produce—The market for teas.lias been gradually stiffening this \veek, aud yesterday some considerable transactions were reported at advanced rates, flood congou is now worth L10, very good Lll, and fine L12. This is an advance of about 10s on last week's rates. Bice is much higher, and the general impression is that a further advance will take place. We quote old Patna at 1,20, and new at 1,22, although sales of old are reported atL22; but as we do not hear of busi ness having been freely done at the latter quota tion, we quote prices under for which it certaiuly cannot be procured. . ' Flood and OnAix—The flour market is rather quieter this week, and alt thought of speculation has subsided, an opinion prevailing that during the neat few months veiy large quantities will come over from Adelaide.i Some of the town mills arc asking L25, but the current rate for Adelaide is about 1,24 10s. Wheat is worth 10s fid to 10a fid. In oats a large legitimate-though quiet business :s doing, and the corn factors have been obliged to pay constantly advancing prices. Colonial are worth to-day its "d, Califomian 4s 9d, Calcutta 4s fid, 1 finish 43 9d to 53; Irish and Scotch 4s, maize 4s fid. ' , \ ' IIams—The demand has not been very brisk during the week, but prices are unaltered. Sin clat-'s remaiu at Is 2il, 'and other brands at la to is Id. • Me:als.—l'ig iron is little inquired for, but is held firmly; very little rod and bar iron has been offered of late, and good assortments readdy com mand our quotations. Plate and sheet continue in good request at remunerative rates. For an gle and T, there is no inquiry. Plain galvanised iron of good quality is in demand, but for corru gated there is little 1 iuquiry, except for light gauges, which can be placed on an advance on cost- Sheet lead arid zinc are both a little better and a shade dearer. , Oilmen's Stokes.—Some speculation is going on and bottled fruits and jams are being bought up; but as yet these pufidrases have had no effect on prices.- . r - ; / Slates continue"scarce,'and'would.readily command our quotations, ; Sugar.—There is no alteration to notice. The demand is very light. - TdiiiSbI—A' considerable improvement has taken place in the value of deals; at the last auc tion sale they realised prices equal to 4jd for 9 si 3, but since then importers, taking advantage of many of the yards being disassorted arid low; in stock, have raised their pretensions to fid, and for 11 x " a price could probably'be got equal to fiid for 9 x 3. In American lumber,-we have also to note an advance of fully 1,1 per 1,1000 from a like cause. Scotch flooring boards continue to improve'in value, consequent on moderate ship ments, and :tho advance in lumber. Stocks in the hands of the trnde are not large. \- Wixes Axn SriniTs.—Brandy remains ex tremely firm, indeed it is difficult to meet ivitb sellers of first brands at any price. The London market, at the date of our last advices, was con siderably flatter, but this was traceable chiefly to the absence of ordets from Australia, so tliat from London, we may cxpect.light shipments for some time; 'we hear, however, of a probability of large exporLs from Scotland. At present we quote kartell's nominally, 1 Is 9d 'to 12s; Heuncssy's, 6d to 9d less. U.V.P.C., 10s fid, Wine growers; 10s to 10s fid. Pale brandies, in bulk, ate iri great demand, and almost any price can be ob tained ; in case, they are also looking up. In rum, rather more has been doing, and prices are a shade firmer. Old Torn continues extremely firm at the late advance. The shipments of ge neva are heavy, and large quantities have come to hand during the last few days. -A very fair demand exists for port wines of good quality," and an advance in value is not improbable. 