IKELAND AND THE IBISH. Our Irish readers, and many of our Scotch and English readers too, will, we are certain, feel a genuine interest in a few statements and comments bearing upon the social condition of the Emerald Isle. No country on the face of the earth presents a more extraordinary study than does Old Ireland. With a fertile soil, with a coast line of exceeding beauty, utility, and fruitfulness, with rich old legends, and a history teeming with facts stranger than fiction; with a people brave, generous, poetic, passionate, and patriotic to admiration ; we are nevertheless con- fronted with social disorganisation, physical deterio- ration, wide-spread want, hundreds of thousands fleeing the land they love better than any other spot on earth, as though they were fleeing a pestilence. It is no part of our object to account for these para- doxes ; the cause may be theological, or political, or physical, or all combined, or something yet different. We leave the causes and simply trace out a few of the phenomena of the day. We must, however, premise that we are not about to write an essay on Ireland, but merely to string together after this word of pre- face, by a few connecting sentences, certain extracts from recent papers on questions of general interest, as relates to that country. FLYING ! FLYING ! ! Under this heading the Nation newspaper thus pours forth its grief: "They are flying; through Dublin our flying people pour daily in weeping crowds. For years our streets have not beheld such scenes as those of the past week, though, alas ! the ebb of population has not wholly ceased at any time for a quarter of a century. Long lines (of woeful faces, strangely mocking the holiday attire in which the poor creatures attire themselves as they quit for ever their fathers' clay ; caravans of vehicles, piled with the bright red painted boxes and trunks, with owners' names marked rudely on the fronts ; aged women, with hair white as the hoar of December ; old men, bent and broken by 60 years of toil in furrow and trench ; young men, who try to look hopeful, that the mother may weep the less ; young women, feeling all the more deeply, as women do, at rending the thousand silent ties that link them to home ; while children, too young to know the cause of all the sorrow they see on every face, are only delighted with the wonders of the great big streets through which they pass. Away, away and not willingly nor happily. They are not a nomade race. It is not an Arab community that has struck the tent-poles ; they are not dull-hearted plodding Saxon people, who for a meal the more in tile month would cross the globe itself, and call it folly to feel leas at home in Kamtschatka than in the land where their fathers' ashes for centuries repose. No, no ; these are people whose very heart-strings are wrung by the idea of eternal exile; a people who, almost to a fault-if a virtue so beautiful could ever be a fault-cling to the ancestral home ; a people who, if they could but live-if they could but eat an humble crust, broken amid the hardest toil-in Ireland, the land of their hearts' affections, would deem it sweeter than the bread of luxury in a foreign clime. Away, away, away ! Men thought it had ceased, this terrible exodus ; they thought this fearful haemorrhage had ceased to drain the lifeblood of our country. But here it is, full upon us again ; the wails are rising once more in every village. Whole communities are quitting for ever, in sorrow and despair, a land for which they would freely die." Another paper writes as follows : " The exodus proceeds at full speed. The numbers flying from the strictly agricultural county of Ros- common exceed, 'according to a local paper, those of any past year. Nearly every day groups of comfort- able, well-dressed people, of the small farming class, with their large red boxes, may be seen at our railway station, en route for America, via Galway and Cork. In Carlow, too, a thriving district, large numbers of persons, principally belonging to the farming classes, natives of Carlow and the adjoining district of Queen's County, leave the Carlow and Athy Ballway stations on their way to the 'Far West.' " Of course it will be objected that the Nation news- paper and other Irish journals of that stamp have political ends to serve by exaggerating the misfor- tunes and intensifying the sufferings of the Irish. This may be true in some respects ; but with regard to the renewed exodus, we do not think the Nation has overstated the case. At all events, we find the London Times endorsing the statement of its Irish contemporary, and adding thereunto certain deeply significant and suggestive remarks. They are as follows : IRISH EMIGRATION. "The Irish emigration still continues, at a rate which threatens results far beyond the calculations of the economist, perhaps even the wishes of the statesman. It is no longer the overflow of a vessel full to repletion, but the operation of a syphon which drains to the very bottom. If that syphon may be regarded in any visible form it is the railway system, which in the eyes of every Irishman appears to have one common terminus across the Atlantic. He sees trains of hopeful, if not happy, faces going off to the Land of Promise, from which relations and friends have sent not only invitations, but the means of accepting them. A train starts to catch an emi- grant vessel as regularly as in England to catch a steamer across the Channel. The emigrant ships have no longer to peep into every little port to pick up their passengers. They assemble at Cork, and pass in a continuous stream, if it may be so called, across that ocean which, wide as it be, is easier to an Irishman than the gulf which divides him from England. At present it cannot be said that there leaves Ireland as much as the natural increase, but the causes in operation are not unlikely to make it exceed that rate. As the email holdings are thrown into larger, and the farms grow to the English scale, there must be numbers everywhere bred to the occu- pation of land, and with all the ideas adapted to it, but unable to get holdings that will require little or no capital. They go across the Atlantic as a matter of course. Brothers, uncles, and neighbors have gone long before, and send, not only good news, but the substantial pledge of its truth in the shape of orders on Irish banks. In Ireland the remark is that these are welcome to go. They are the Irish sur- plus. They constitute the storehouse of indepen- dent enterprise which Providence would seem to have prepared through long ages for the peopling of the New World." The Daily News says that the Irish emigration is becoming a serious and perplexing business-per- plexing, because there is no getting at the truth about the condition and prospects of the emigrants, after reaching America ; and serious, because "the tillage of land in Ireland now requires every hand that can be obtained." The Daily News speaks of the vast number of Irish farms now cultivated by the skill and supported by the capital of English farmers, who, notwithstanding, are dependent upon Irish labor, and the same journal also speaks in warm and gratulatory terms of the rapidly rising condition of the Irish peasantry. Yet, with all that is said of the improving state of Ireland, and of the "disappoint- ments and privations experienced by Irish emigrants to America, thousands upon thousands continue to pour their living stream across the Atlantic to people the New World. A few sentences from the Daily News may be appropriately introduced in this WHY DO THEY GO ? "Nothing can be more dismal than the accounts given in American newspapers of the poverty and helplessness of multitudes of immigrants in the United States-accounts which are confirmed by the warnings and entreaties of the Catholic priests in America, who ought to know most of the condition of the Irish, who are their special charge. On the other hand, it ap- pears that these shoals of emigrants are carried over by funds supplied to them by relatives who have pre- ceded them ; and we are informed that the priests have a twofold interest in checking the process. They sympathise in the distress of the Irish priests, who are losing their flocks, and left almost alone and desti- tute in their parishes ; and they see that a large pro- portion of immigrants leave their religious profession behind them, or speedily become heretics when they settle among the Sons of the Pilgrims, or the Protes- tant Germans, who are almost as numerous in the States as the Irish. Amidst all the contradictions that we hear, it is evident that Ireland at present offers a more certain and profitable field for labour than the American towns, and a large proportion of the country. The increase of the Irish element will no doubt facilitate the abolition of slavery in the long run ; but meantime there can be no doubt that there is a more steady certainty of well paid employ- ment in Irish than in American agriculture at present. If the facts could be got into the Irish mind, the stream of outflowing labor would no doubt be checked ; but with the class con- cerned it is not a matter of reasoning or of statistical inquiry-it is an affair of sentiment and impulse. They receive entreaties from relatives who remembered Ireland as a scene of poverty and mourning, and who will never believe that it is now a field of profitable industry. The money comes with the invitation. The strong family affections of a warm-hearted people are stirred up. Their hearts glow at the thought of re- union across the sea ; and off they go, in spite of re- monstrance and threats from their priests, and the offer of good wages from their neighbours ; and in spite also of the spectacle of numbers who have re- turned disappointed, and who can tell of a yet larger number who would come back if they had the means. The going and the returning is always in a stream. It is a matter of impulse, and not of prudent consi- deration.' "The immediate stimulus is evidently the peculiarity of the seasons, throughout last year and the present. Ireland suffered more than England, and as much as Scotland, under the droughts of last summer and autumn, and the alternations of the winter, and this the lateness of spring. The extension of pasturage and root-crops since the famine, and the increase of stock- farming over tillage, have made the disasters of the seasons more felt in Ireland than in any other part of the kingdom ; and the effects on the condition and price of cattle have been alarming to more thoughtful people than the general run of emigrants ; but the way to make the disaster permanent is to strip the country of its best field-labour just when the utmost industry is required to compensate for the compul- sory delay caused by a winter of six months." Two or three questions of great national import- ance are inseparably associated with this migration. Independently of the question of its causes, and also of its consequences upon the emigrants themselves, we may ask what will be the ultimate effect upon Ireland, what upon America, and what at a still remoter period upon England? On each of these points we find a few speculations in the papers before us. But first of all let us take a preliminary glance at the present state of Irish agriculture, and the con- dition of the laboring population. A few days before the making up of the May mail, motion was made in the House of Commons for the second reading of a Bill for enabling tenant farmers in Ireland to improve their farms at the expense of the landlords. In reference to the Bill the Times has the following : IMPROVEMENT OF FARMS IN IRELAND. " It is a remarkable coincidence that at the very moment the French press is permitted to maintain the legitimacy of a desire for separation on the part of the Irish people, and the validity of the motives alleged for it, the British House of Commons should be en- gaged in the favorable discussion of a Bill, in the interest of the Irish tenant farmer, which would not be listened to if demanded for this country. There are many estates in England, many whole districts, which from unfortunate circumstances have been long neglected, or have failed to receive a due share of that floating wealth which is the redemption and sustentation of agriculture. In these estates it is possible to find the farmer under every possible discouragement, and, what is worse, under tempta- tion to spend his money with no security for a return. There will be found here farm buildings, and cottages unfit for the habitation of men and cattle ; fences broken, and drains clogged ; standing water, beds of rushes, thistles, and overgrown hedgerows, the trees of which almost meet one another over the rank vegetation of the narrow and unsunned enclosures. There will be at least twice or thrice too much hedge, too much road, too much of everything that is not wanted. When the aboriginal tenant of such a holding dies or is sold up, a farmer of the modern school looks at it. He stipulates for a new farm house, or for extensive repairs, new buildings of every kind-two or three decent cottages for his own labourers, so much hedgerow to be grubbed up, so many trees to be cut down, so much draining to be done, so much fencing, so many gates, and so much more, which, at a rough estimate, if done with ever so great a regard to economy, will cost £1,000 for a farm of 200 acres. This will be equivalent to giving a lease of the farm rent-free for seven years, on the condition of these improvements being done by the tenant. Now,in England,if the tenant farmers and their friends endeavored to obtain an Act which should enable the present proprietor and tenant to arrange this matter between them, not for seven years, but for forty years, satisfying the reversionary interests with pecuniary payments, the proposition would be scouted at once as subversive and fallacious. Much more would a Bill for enabling the tenant farmer to force some such arrangement on his landlord and obtain an augmented interest in return for work done. The sting of the 'Tenure and Improvement of Land Bill,' in the shape of this last provision, appears to have been withdrawn, and the value of the measure thereby much reduced in the eyes of Irish patriots. But, even without this sting, the measure would not be looked at in this island and applied to this island. Thus much in reply to the Monde, which coolly as- sumes that we are still legislating with greater severity for Ireland than for England ; that we are martyr- izing and crushing the people there with a strong hand ; that we do not yet comprehend our duties to them, but exhibit the same inflexible selfishness that we did ever so many centuries ago ; and that the emancipation of Ireland is an 'idea' worthy of France. We claim credit for this country, then, that now, as on some former occasions, we are legislating for Ireland with more indulgence to social weakness, to national peculiarities, and unfortunate circum- stances, than we should ever think of doing for this country." The motion for the second reading of this Bill gave rise to an animated debate, from the reports of which we make one or two extracts, not for the pur- pose of explaining the Bill, which to us is a matter of inferior importance, but in order to set before our readers the sentiments enunciated in the House of Commons with regard to the present condition of the people of Ireland. We quote the following from the speech of SIR J. WALSH. "The whole agriculture of Ireland was now won- derfully improved ; it had become the agriculture of farmers instead of that of mere cotters. That wretched cultivation by which a few potatoes or oats were extracted from a patch of soil year after year, with no manure but the stimulant of lime, till the land would actually yield nothing, had given place to healthier and more scientific farming. All Ireland had been making astonishing advances in prosperity and comfort. It was impossible to si » the Irish peasants and visit them at their lion -s without seeing that they were better clothed, lodged, and fed than before, and no longer those miserable objects which used to haunt the road sides, to the pain and disgust of the passer-by. The whole country now exhibited a thriving and progressive character, and he therefore said let well alone, and do not, by peddUng législation between landlord and tenant, interfere with the beneficial process which was now going on. (Hear, hear.) He admitted that if a Tenant Eight Bill were to be passed there could not be a milder one than this. But there was danger in admitting the Ïirinciplo that it was necessary to deal with those re ations in Ireland otherwise than as in England. Everything of late years, even the misfortunes and calamities of Ireland, had tended to bring her nearer to England, and to remove the differences between them. A wise legislation should seek also to unite England and Ireland by similar institutions and laws. But this Bill would do exactly the reverse, for it would establish a difference between the way of deal- ing with the Irish and the English tenant." MB. MAGOTEE. "A large class of the people were discontented. He deeply deplored the fact, and he wished to G-od it were otherwise. But how were the people to become contented ? By the means of wise and gene- rous legislation. Kind and noble words uttered by Parliament would have a great effect upon so sensitive a people as the Irish. (Hear, hear.) Looking at the present state of the world, and to what would pro- bably happen, and anxious for the strength and peace of the empire, he was very anxious that the Govern- ment should pass the Bill in such an improved state as to give relief to the population of Ireland. Was the stream of emigration from Ireland a sign of pros- perity? Undoubtedly not; and there was not an Irishman who left his native shores who did not carry with him an abiding sense of wrong which grew into a feeling of rank and deadly hatred against England. He had seen letters upon letters written in that tone of burning indignation by men who had left the country five, ten, and even twenty years ago, and many of whom had prospered. If they wished the shores of Ireland to be protected against invaders, let every man have a stake in the country, and some- thing to defend. (Hear.) The condition of the people at present was like a ship riding with a single anchor, ready to be wafted by the first favorable gale to another land. There were now too many induce- ' inenta for them to leave the country, and by deepen- ing the stream of emigration they would weaken the right hand of England. He therefore asked the right bon. gentleman not only to persevere with the Bill, but to persevere in amending it." MB. GEOBGE. "The hon. member (Mr. Maguire) had painted miseries which had no existence. He possessed as much experience as the hon. member ; he was con- tinually travelling in Ireland-north, south, east, and west-and he must conscientiously say that his state- ments were exaggerated, if not entirely unfounded. He begged to remind the right hon. gentleman, the Secretary for Ireland, of his solemn declaration that it was not the intention of the Government to affect the rights of the landlords of Ireland, or to lend them- selves to the subversion of the rights of property. He regretted to hear the hon. gentleman state that one rule was to be observed in Ireland, and another rule in England-that which was done by usage and good feeling in England must be done by law in Ireland. The difference between the condition of Ireland in 1845 and its condition in 1860 was the difference be- tween a desert and the most blooming of gardens. (Hear.) Both the physical and moral aspect of the people had greatly improved since the date of the Devon Commission. In 1849 there were no less than 620,747 paupers in that country, but in 1859 there were only 44,929. In 1848 there were 21,202 con- victions and 20,767 acquittals ; but in 1859 there were but 2,735 convictions and 3,109 acquittals. The whole of Ireland exhibited indications of improve-1 ment, and it was day by day more closely assimilating itself to the habits of England." Our readers are as well able as ourselves to estimate the degree of credibility attaching to the speeches last quoted. We now quote an admirable paragraph from the,Timevs anticipatory of the effect of this mi- gration upon TBELAND, AMEBICA, AND ENGLAND. " If this goes on long, as it is hkely to go on, Ireland will become very English and the United States very Irish. When an Engh«h agriculturist takes a farm in Galway or Kerry he will take Eng- lish laborers with him. This we shall come to at last, strange as it may now seem. The days may, indeed, come, when Ireland will be no more Celtic j than the Scotch lowlands are Saxon, the Eastern Counties Danish, Cornwall even Phoenician, and | Ireland itself Milesian or Spanish. But several mil- lions more undiluted Celts cannot be poured into the " United States without leavening them even more Btrongly with that very marked element. There will be more poetry, more eloquence, more fanaticism, more faction, more conspiracy, more resentment, more bloodshed, more insubordination, more of the narrow politics that take their origin from race and stop short of society, that ever account the whole less I than the part, and think the best use of Government | is to do convenient ill. So an Ireland there will still be, but on a colossal scale, and in a new world. We shall only have pushed the Celt westwards. Then, no longer cooped up between the Liffey and the Shannon, he will spread from New York to San Francisco, and keep up the ancient feud at anunfore aeen vantage. We must gird our loins to encounter the Nemesis of seven centuries' misgovernment. To the end of time a hundred million people spread over the largest habitable area in the world, and confront- ing us everywhere by sea and by land, will remember that their forefathers paid tithe to the Protestant clergy, rent to absentee landlords, and a forced obedi- ence to the laws which these had made. Possibly a darker and more turbulent era at home may inter- vene to efface these Old World recollections. But, even though the vengeful Celt should forgive and forget, that will not prevent the Burer development of an intractable race and untoward circumstances in the character of the great American nation. It will be more than half Celtic. Saxon, Dane, Gael, French, German, African, and other races will be there, but the preponderating element will be that which has risen to its perfection and gloïy on the banks of the Seine, and fallen to its depth and despair on the western promontories of Ireland. As " the child is father of the man," so have we seen nursed and educated by our side at home the power that will dominate over the New World, show ita influence over either ocean, and be the lord of a whole hemisphere. This is the true and final home of the Celtic race. It is for this that it has wandered and suffered these two thousand years ; for this, that it has never planted the firm foot of civilization on the soil that was not to be its resting-place, but has dwelt in tents and'hovels, and not possessed the soil under the soles of its feet. We have been owners and masters of Ireland that its inhabitants might one day have elsewhere a grander possession and rule. " But what will be the reaction upon us that remain behind ? The present natural rate of increase in these isles would take three timeB ,tho present rate of emigration to bring it to a standstill. We have to suppose, what, indeed, is not unlikely, that with the growth of the United States and the British colonies, and with the increased and more rapid means of com- munication, more and more of our people will leave these shores. But wealth and opportunities will still increase at home. Machinery will supply the work- ing power which ever requires the hand of man to guide it ; and, while multitudes leave, iron feet and iron fingers will multiply at home. These are servants that rebel not and love not; fit for cold masters ; that will not fly, and need neither love nor justice. So we shall have, perhaps, in these islands that peace which we have long desired, if indeed our neighbours will but leave us alone. Most probably, too, as the Englishman supersedes the Irishman in the open market of labour, in our fields and our streets, there will be more order and more subordina- tion to the rights of the proprietor and the employer. But it cannot be expected that we should escape the inconveniences of a household from which the stronger ?ex, the stronger age, the stronger hands, and the stronger will are ever flying. The community left behind will suffer, probably, more than now, the dis- parity of the sexes, the burden of the weak and im- provident, and the incubus of those who sit on society and demand to be supported. We are an old and bur- dened State, but we shall be older and shall have heavier burdens still before we have done. There are other encumbrances besides armies and navies, and civil services, and church establishments that accumulate upon old States, devour their substance, and hamper their movements. There is the universal depredator; the consumer, and nothing else ; the race for whom institutions were founded of old by pious fools, and for whom benevolence is this day besotted. Who is thire that stands but within speaking distance of the avenues of preferment who does not know the monster eril of an old and wealthy State ? There are, indeed, such 'unclean birds,' wo dispute not with Mr. Bright, that settle on the branches of the social tree, and devour or. spoil tho fruits of industry and virtue. But we need not go within the walls of Parliament to learn what and where they are. They are everywhere; they infest all classes ; they devour, they invade, they molest; they paralyze, they exhaust. This is the parasite at the table of the rich man which constitutes the chiefbane of a high civilization and a fixed state of society. ~We "are throwing off Agitators and Be pealen, Socialists, and perhaps Beformers ; old Eng- land turns itself on its bed and expects another slumber. But its own morbid growth of idleness, .luxury, pride, and vice, it cannot so easily get rid of. They must grow upon it all the more from the ab- sence of the more violent annoyances that but lately formed the staple of its domestic annals." Our »pace is exhausted, but not our theme. We nave still materials for another budget, and shall, perhaps, on a future-occasion, put it in print,-sup- posing that our present chapter of Irish scraps does UOt Qtttweary the patience of bur readers. 