VESSELS IN HARBOUR. ALMA, ship, 555, Ritohe, in the Stream, L. and B. Spyer and Co., agents. BONNIE DOON, barque, 215, Trayter, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. BENGAL, ship, 479, Phillips, in Darling Harbour, Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. BEHAR. P. and O. 8.. 1800. Norrle. Watervlew Bav. H. Moooe. agent. BREADALBANE, barque, 290, Barron, Patent Slip Wharf, Laidley, Ireland, and Co., agents. BURNETT, brig, 137, Foreman, Victoria 'Wharf, H. Clarke, agent. For Adelaide. C. £. TILTON, American ship, 420, Briard, Botte' Wharf, Brown and Co., agents. Discharging. , CAROLINE, Danish ehlp, 393, M&ttheson;, Stream, Captain, agent. CHARLES, ship, 1111, Poiyhlank, Btrem, H. Moore, agent. CURLEW, biig, 190, Whybrow, Darling Harbour, B. Town Co., agents. Refitting. «; CHILOE, ship, 467, Cockton, Stream, Thaeker, Daniel, and Co., agents. CAIRNGORM, ship, 938, Cairnoross, at Circular Wharf, Gil ohrist, Watt, and Co., agents. For London. CANAAN, ehlp, 840, Wilson, Circular Wharf, Brlerlev, Dean, and Co,, agents. Disoharging. For London. COLPORTEUR, Frenoh barque, 260, Bernard, Towns' Wharf, W. Dean*nd Co., agents. Discharging. CONStANTINE, barqne, 608, Wranglis, Darling Harbour, Laid Ityv Inland, and Co., agents. For Hongkong. DiaiGO, American ship, 60S, Emery, In the Stream, Wilkinson, JJrothrti, and Co., age&te.; ji ?' ? ??? ? —..— ??..—— ? ? . ? DUNEDIK, barque, 208, Walker, Bethel Wharf, Captain, agent. ELIZA KTEWAftT, barque, 524, Oppenheim, in the Stream, L. and S. Spyer and Co., agents. For Manila. EXCELSIOR, ship, C82, Faithful, Bott's Wharf, Gilchirst, Watt, and Co., agentf. 'Repairing. ELLEN AND ELIZABETH, Chilian brig, 99, Miller, in the Stream, Captain, agent. GAZELLE, brig, 178, Wheeler, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. GKATIA, brig, 160, Rodgeis, Darling Harbour, Molison and Black, agents. . HEBfc, brig, 279, M'Burnic, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. - KATHLEEN, barque, 195, Wilkinson, Grafton Wharf, A. B. Webster, agrnt For Auckland WARY AND ROSE, schooner, 86, Williams, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. MARY O'BRIEN, American ship, 1297, P. Vesper, in the Stream, H. Moore, agent. MARGARET DUNDAS, barque, 341, Fenwick, in the Stream, Gilcbriat, Watt, and Co., agents. For Shaaghai. MARQUIS OF ARGVLB, ship, 915, Munro, at Circular Wharf, Buyers and Learmonth, acents. Discharging, «nd for London. M1MMIE DYKE, schooner, 87, Tullock, Market Whar, H. H. Beauchamp, sgent. NAOMI, ship, 709, Savers, at Circular Wharf, Gilckrist and Co., agents, Discharging. PHILIP I., Hamburgh ship, 458, Meufing, in the Stream, Brown and Co., agents. RIFLGMAN, ship, 725, Duthie, at Circular Wharf, Gilohrist, Watt, and Co., agents. For London. ROCK CITY, ship, 550, Mesnard, Willis* Wharf, Willis, Merry, and Co., agents. Discharging. SALCOMBE CASTLE, schooner, US, Stephens, Darling Har bour, Captain, agent. SUSAN, brig, 212, Spurling, Smith's Wharf, C. bmith, agent. SOPHIE, Hamburgh barque, 360, Decker, Maonamara's Wharf, Frank, Brothers, and Co., agents. 7or Port de France. SEA NYMPH, brig, 173, Morrison, Flour Co.'a Wharf Captain, agent. TUDOR, ship, 1786, Wherland, in the Stream, Willis, Merry, and Co., agent?. VIMEIRA, ship, 1C01), Swanson, at Circular Wharf, Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., agents. For London. VICTORIA, Hamburg barque, 282, Thormahlen, Moore's Wharf, W. Dean and Co., agents. Discharging. VIXEN, schooner, 121, Bennett, Fleur Co.'a Wharf, Captain, agent. For Moreton Bay. WOODLARK, barque, 287, Wentworth, off Towns' Wharf, R. Towns and Co., agents. For Port de France. WAVE, brig, 191, Rossiter, Darling Harbour, Captain, agent. WAVE OF SHIP, 888, Stewart, Walker's Wharf, Monteflore, Graham, and Co., agents. Discharging. W0OLLOOMOOLOO, ship, 650, Ross, Stream Brierley, Dean, and Co., agents. Thk Crrr op Stdnbv (s,).— It is now six years since this fine vessel arrived in Sydney, under the command of Captain R. Moodie, and during the whole of that period she has been con* etantly employed. It having become imperative to lay her np for a time, to receive a thorough refit ; for the last few weeks, there fore, she has been lying at the Company's works, at Fyrmont, where, under the careful superintendence ef Mr. M'Arthur, her machinery was removed, the boilers taken out, and the ship reduced to an empty hull ; but this state of affairs did Hot last long; a pair of boilers had been manufactured, and lay ready to replace the old ones, while the vast resources of the establish ment were brought to bear, and piece by piece the engines were submitted to careful examination, and in a very short time again on board and in splendid working order. The City of Sydney's reputation for speed is well known, but this has been considerably increased through the judicious arrangement of the heatlBg surface of the boilers and by various alterations in the machinery, and it was for the purpose of testing these improvements that she started on a trial trip on Saturday afternoon, the 6th instant. About 3-30 p.m. she tripped her anchor, having on board several of the directors, Mr. Paterson, the manager, and other officers of the A. S. N. Co. ; Mr. Evans and Mr. Cuthbert, Government surveyors, and a large number of gentlemen connected with the shipping interests of the port, atd proceeding down the harbour at full speed, soon reached the Heads, and, pawing outside, beaded away to the north-east, for the purpose of meeting the Collaroy (a.), inward bound from Newcastle, and which had just hove in sight. When about three miles from the North Head the City of Sydney's helm was put a-port, and she was toon heading to the southward, dashing along at tremendous speed, with the Collaroy close astern. When abrest of the North Head, the steamers parted compaty, the Collaroy proceeding up the harbour, and the City of Sydney continuing her oourse to the southward, and when eff the lighthouse her head was again brought round, and she steamed home, anchoring about six p.m. The alterations to this steamer have proved a great success ; the former speed of the screw was thirty-three, it is now thirty-nine, allowing the vessel to make eleven knots per hour with the greatest ease, and Mr. M'Arthur may be justly proud on finding his moBt sanguine expectations realised. The engines worked admirably., a fair test had been offered of the vessel's capabilities, and but one thing wanting to render the pleasure* of the afternoon complete, vie., tbe presence of her worthy commander, who is now absent with the Rangatira. Captain Moodie has been in command of this vessel since her launch, and by his repeated fast trips to Melbourne, and elebrated voyage to Suez and back with tbe mails, established for her a reputation second to no steamer in these seas ; and his numerons friends will be truly glad to find him treading the deck of bis old boat again, and in a fair way to eclipse all hiB former performances. Captain James, late master of the George Henderson, wrecked at New Zealand, came up by the Breadalbane. The hull bad been sold far £25, and the sails, standing and running rigging had been forwarded to Auckland. Tbe clipper barque Breadalbane has made an exeellent run from Anokiand of eight days, and accomplished the voyage in 26 days, bhe had light B.W. winds until the 4tb instaBt, when a heavy gale came on at 6. No vessels bave been sighted. The Breadalbane by her quick passage flown placed Auckland in pos aeBBlon of tbe English news per Behar, two days before the arrival of the Prince Alfred. The A. 8.' N/ Company's steamship Wonga Wonga arrived alongside the Railway Pier, Sandrldse, on Friday morning at * o'clock. '-' '?' . ? '' . Tto Hiutcr brlnft op 60 ntdei, 1 horse. /' Tne Ranpatira (h ) left Port Phillip Heads on Monday, at 6-30 p.m.. and Eden at 2*30 a.m. on Wednesday, arriving at tbe Com pany's What f at 1 a.m., on the lith. She experienced light southerly winds toOfwofold Bay, and., strong, northerly winds tbe remainder of tbe passage. Passed tbe Wonga Wonga at 8 fum. on the 10th, ten miles north of Montague Inland. Tbe Caroline fromToma doeB not report any vessels loading for the colonies, nor has an; been spoken during the passage, whioh has been marked by a continuance of very light weather. Tbe Gazelle arrived on the 7th from Nelson, having made a good tun of eight days Tbe Wonga Wonga (e.) cleared Port Phillip Heads at six p.m. on Thursday, with a fresh N.E. breece, and fine. 6th, 4.30 a-m. rounded the Promontory, 11.30 passed the Rangatira. 6th, 3.30 rounded Cape Howe; 7th, landed forty passengers at Eden— fresh nortterly breeze and fine weather continuing throughout the passage ; and at 9 a.m. entered Sydney HeacSs. . . The Hunter (s.), brings up 200 cheese, 120 bags potatoes. The steamship Telegraph left Brisbane on Wednesday, st S-Jfi p.m., and Cape Moreton on Thursday at 6 a.m. She experienced moderate westerly winds and fine weather during the first part of the passage ; latter part, fresh south-easterly wind and clear weather. On Friday, at 7'30 a.m., passed Manning River und schooner, bound north, off the Mermaid Reef. Rounded the Seal Rocks at 11 a-m.; passed the Grafton (s ), off Port Stephens, at 1*30 p.m., and entered Sydney Heads at 8'15 p.m. The schooner Uncle Tom was loading timber lor Rockhampton. Tbe schooner Don Juan was discharging. The Waratah (s.), from Wide Bay, experienced light variable winds and fine weather to Smoky Cape ; from thence strong southerly winds and fine weather. The Clarence (e.) was passed on Wednesday, ht II a.m., thirty miles south of Wide Bay, oa her way to the northern ports ; at 5 p.m. the same day passed a schooner running to the northward ; she appeared to have come out of Moreton Bay ; and at 8 p.m., off Paint Lookout, passed tbe Eagle (s.), bound northwards. The Ellen, from Twofold Bay, brings at cargo : 9 hogsheads, 1 quarter-cask whisky, 1 bogsbead brandy7and quantity sheepskins. She reports the schooner Yarra lying in tbe bay, and also the brig Fayaway ; and another brig as having sailed on the 10th instant. The Rock City, from Liverpool 7th July, encountered strong N. E. weather after rounding the Cape of Good Hope, whicn continued until making tbe Straits, and compelled him to come sonth of Van Diemen's Land. On 28th Sep'ember, in latitude 42 S., longitude 128 E., a heavv cyclone came on, which lasted three day?. It commenced at E.N.E., and veered round by E. to 8., the barometer down to 29.20. On 19th August spoke tbe Evening Star, from London to Otago, wiih 147 passengers, all well, in latitude 27.26 S., longitude 31.40 W. The-Urara -«.), from Clarence RWer; crowed th* *ar at 5-30 p.m. on Thursday, and arrived here at 7-15 p.m. yesterday. 8be experienced fresh southerly winds during tbe passage. The schooners Albion and Coquette were in the River loading for Sydney. Passed the Graf ion (s.) , at 10-45 a.m. yesterday, 8 miles south of Morna Point. The cargo of the Urara consists ef 229 hides, 1732 bags maize, 1 cask tallow, 1 coop fowls, 5 oases eggs, and sundries. The Tasmania fs ), left Hobart Town at 1 p.m. on Tuesday, and Eden on Thursday at 5'30 p.m., where she landed 30 passengers. She experienced light southerly winds throughout tbe p«s*age and reports tbe arrival at Hobart Town, on the 8th inBtant, of the ship Isle of the South, from London, with 200 immigrants, and also tbe India, from Manila. Passed a brig with painted ports, showing 3rd penant No. 268. off Cape Howe, steering north, and also a sohooner at anchor in Jervis Bay. The India, arrived at Hobart Town on the 8th inetant, reports the departure of tbe S. H. Talbot, for Sydney. Ahmvsbsab* Eegatta, 1861.— The meeting called for Friday evening, at Cunningham's Hotel, for the purpose of organising a committee to carry out the above regatta, was postponed until Wednesday next, in consequence of the Sydney Yacht Club having given notice of a meeting to be held ob that day, at whioh tbe public are invited to attend. 8FtNigK Coloniis.— The following notice respecting vessels proceeding to Spanish colonies, is published for general informa tion :— Spanish Consulate. — Vessels proceeding to Spanish colonies.— The undersigned begs to inform the mercantile com munity that, by a decree of her Spanish Majesty, -dated 21et March last, it is obligatory for all foreign vessels proceeding to all Spanish colonies, including Guam and Philippine Islands, to be provided with a clearance from the Consulates of Spain at the port of departure. Neglect of this subjects the vessels to quaran tine, and the master to a fine of 200 dollars. Edoardo Sab Just, Consul of Spain for Australia, at Sydney. Sydney, 4th Ootober, 1S60. . The Wave of Life left the Downs on 30th June, and discharged her pilot off the Start on 3rd July. The equator was crossed on the 28th, and from thence to the meridian of the Cape, which wag passed on 28th August,; in latitude 43 6., she had a continuance of easterly winds. From this point to Base' Straits, which was entered on the Sod instant, she had northerly and easterly winds, with, great quantities of rain. Several large icebergs were seen from the 6th to 10th September in latitude 44 8., and 46-30 E. , The Woolloemooloo, from Glasgow to Syduey, was spoken 10th July in latitude 87 N., longitude 17 W. The Wave left Port Phillip Heads on 8unday last, at 8 am., in company with the Viceroy, with workmen and materials for the erection of a new lighthouse on Gabo Island, and was in com pany until Thursday, when she parted company. Off Gabo asms day, passed the Highland Lassie and Bon Accord— both bound south. On the 6th, was in company with an American whaler, off Jervis Bay, but aa it was blowing hard from the N.N.E., could net speak her ; she was crnising off and on. The Wave has had stormy weather the greater part of the passage. The Prince Alfred (s.) left Awkland on the 4th irstant, at 3 p.m., and arrived here at 1 a.m. to-day, having experienced rery heavy weather nearly all the passage. On the 6th instant sbe signalled the ship Caduceus, from London to Auckland, 35 mile* west of the Three Kings. ? Capi Gxobqk Liopt.— Captain Walker, «f the Woega Wofcjra (a.), states that on his last passage up tbe new lights were Been by him at a distance of 85 miles, the night being very dear. , The ship Clutba arrived in Hobson's bay during Sunday BlgV, having sailed from Greenook June 10th, eh* had (air1 weather to ' passing the meridian of Cape 'of Gond Hone. Thence she has experienced a suooeasionol easterly winds. Captain 'Wilson «- ports having fallen In with a large laebrrgla latitude 44 degree* south, longitude 70 u*ft*» tuU—Arr**i tad Ootober. 