TUESDAY, APRIL 24, I860. If Mr. CHILDERS, the elect of Ponte fiact, bas not succeeded in persuading Ihc British Houso of Commons to an experiment of the secret system of taking votes, it is, perhaps, because our own example, which he quoted, fails of its duo appreciation at home. No one can doubt that the ballot in Viotoria lias achieved at least a negative triumph. It has not been followed by those disorders and that corruption, of which we had been so solemnly warned. It has enabled us to obtain the sense of the country as to the general fitness of candidates for Parliament, and its ope- ration has been unattended with any practical inconvenience. It has afforded every man an opportunity of* expressing an honest vote, without fear or favour. And so far, the ballot in Victoria may be regarded as a suo CCBS. On the other hand, there aro many reasons why tho people of England should le in no hurry to follow our example. There is a vulgar saying touching the sucking of eggs, which is not without point in our case. If we havo put on the mask and found it convenient, it is BO argument for all the world doing their representative work en domino. Mr. CiiiiiDEits, ia bearing his testimony to tho success of the ballot in Viotoria, has forgotten to state to what cir- cumstances that success is due. Mr. CniLDEas' argument proves too little, i in proving that the secret system has I worked without violence or disorder in this colony j for overy one who has watched the operation of the ballot in Victoria must allow that thoro never was any demand for protection to the voter, at least against those influences which are most dreaded at home. Wo bave been wearing coat of mail when there were no assassins near or pos tibie. ' We have leon masquer^ikT when wo might have hared our faa?| without the smallest risk. We \iv, < concealed what very few caro to di/ rever ; and wo havo set watch winn lhere vas no enemy-at least, no en.m, such as Mr. HENRY BERKELEV fcarj and against whom Mr. BRIGHT thunder.' ut home. ' The truth is, as wo all know, tua tlicro nevor was any occasion for hidin/ votes in this colony. There aro nos Iialí-a-dozen men who caie to huy . vote in Victoria, and not one who cn ¿aie to intimidate a voter. Therefore li e ballot is perfectly gratuitous and useless, for all its intended purposes "Wo may cast it off to-morrow, and no on. can say that our voters would be le3i free and independent. This fact outrht ermewhat to abate the ridiculous air of .tiiumph with whioh tho example of Victoria is quoted at home on the ballot argument. The sneer of The Timn that " the ballot is out of place arnon» " honest men," also loses its sting fo? io one feels in Victoria that the ballot is necessary to preserve our political integrity, or that we retain it for any of the reasons which are urged by it. English advocates. But there is one reason of very con fidcrablo weight, which, in the estinu lion of our best observers, ought to TI .vail with us in maintaining tta ballot; and that is a reason quite til. conveiso of the English one. It ii beginning to be seen that the bal lot is _ required iu this oolony, a', least in its early stages, to prj tcct us, not against the tyranny of individuals, but the more terribl. eu iuui»mui.i¡>; ueiu mu more terrible despotism of the mob. The ballot is, ia truth, at present our best conservativa riinciple. The voter in Victoria is ia no danger from corrupt parliamentary n gents, wealthy capitalists, or despotic landlords. The only intimidation to which he can be subjeot is the intimidi tion of brute force. The ballot so cures to the individual citizen the fres exercise of his opinion j and though it does so at some cost of that open re- sponsibility which should be one de- ment of the franchise, it is worth our while to make that sacrifice, to bo pre- served from the enormous evils of mob dictation. The perfect state of every free and civi- lized country, we still believe, requiroi no secrecy in the exercise of any part of a citizen's public functions ; and wo aro content to admit that, so long a3 wa aie necessitated to employ the ballot, wo have not arrived at a perfect repre- sentative system. The healthy tumult of an open popular election, by oao great writer likened to the smell of a dunged field, is a luxury too great for Vic- toria to enjoy, in the present Btagoof lier giowth. Those who, preferring tho raeans to the end, admiro the ballot for ilself, as a vital principle of free go- vernment, may be referred to the opi- nion of Mr. MILL, an unexceptional)!» authority, as being the foremost living champion of what is called philosopVi cal radicalism. " It must be borno ia " mind," says Mr. MILIV, " that tin " ballot cannot be, and has not beon, uebUf " defended otherwisothanas a necessary " evil. Necessary it might have been, " but an evil it could never fail ti " be. The moral sentiment of-mankind, " in all periods of tolerably enJígütono / " morality, has condemned concealment, " unless when required by some over " powering motive ; and if it be one of " the paramount objects of nationil " education to foster courage and publio " spirit, it is high time now that pooph " should be taught the duty of assorting " and acting openly on their opinions." The reasons which compel us tj adopt the ballot as a shield agaiast mob violence, do not apply to England, where there are a thousand cheoks anl restraints agsinst popular despotism; and where the necessity of protectioa, ¡nising out of the overgrown pore or wealth of individuals, is every day becoming less, as the country advances in liberality of thought, and knowledge of the true vsluo of the franchise. "Wo believe also, that tho class of voters in Victoria, oven '.under universal suffrage, are gonorally superior in intelligence to those in Bug« land; that they are much less liable fe» be coerced, and take a much deeper interest in all political action. Tro individual voter in this colony ii generally fit to exorcise his vote» and stands in fear of no man. The ballot iu Victoria, therefore, U "worked under all the conditions most favourable to its success. There is no one to oppose it, because no one is ia the smallest degree affected by it; nor have we yet reaohed the stage when, a? in the United States, the shield of tho ballot has been torn down, and the mask itself only nominally retained, because the almighty mob has discovered that it interferes with its humours and gives shelter to the individual voter. We confess to a little disappointment when we inspect a homo picture of oat selves-just a shadow of a shade of re- gret that we cannot bo painted oxaotly as we are. Of course we are very muoli obliged to our friends at home that thoy paint us at all. Wo are still mow highly complimented when we aro toll that the pictures aro greatly admirod, and soil well. Of course, wo feel 4 cou« soious pride as we recognise our highway» metalled with quartz yielding an ouuco and a half to the ton, "but too poor " for orushing, you know"- when w. r-eo our little boys tottering homo under enormous burdens, or paying ohequeï of fabulous amounts " into my account.' Of course, wo consider it very flattering [?that our jewellers' shops, our lucky linds, our Blanche Barklies, and Nil Desperandum^, and Welcomes, flboiiH havo such " runs," and bear mioli continued rovivals j and wo are tho last people in the world to deny that thi glowing pictures are founded on faota ; but, nevertheless, we do eonfess to » preference to seo ourselves painted, not us we were, or as-Heaven forgivo us I-wo ought to be, but as fa are-really, wholly, and unshrink ii'gly a3 wo are, We do confeos to * fcpice of confidence that we could bwr ii.spe.tiou so. Wc do confess to a littlo indignation-just a littlo honest indi» nation-that our friends should plj [i or ward any foot of ours as the boat, aul r!^¡Twhercof we arc inclined to put P other foot through the canvas, Sniming with the great PWWKCTOR, ,$nt mo as I am, or I shall not pay « rou a shilling." - .1 SiA _own compliments arc for the ¿Lt unmeaning. When they do J^.tCything, it isShat the speaker îïno very exalted opinion of our .j*-_Bf3inra or our merits. When At Repeatedly told that Ire l,nd was the first gem of the ocean, Tis very certain that a great KBUy people, and among others our iu foimants, didnot believe anything of the nt or that the downfall of the Saxon t'as' half so near ? as was repre rented. When it is insisted that e Cnvy, and confess that we vr the free laws and free manners of the United States, there is great danger that wo shall not be allowed to admire, or even feel inolined to admire, ilicir real good and less obtrusive qua- lities. It is just so with ourselves. Our nally glowing prospects-ourretrospeots -.flhich even still rouse the digger in us and make our fingers tingle to seize a pick and be off-are all true, perfectly true. Everybody has seen somebody else who either touched, felt, saw, or handled, or, colouially speaking, dropped on a hioky find or an enormous crush- ing. But everybody has also seen many hundreds of somebodies who never had say "luck;" and thus our flattering j ainters not unnaturally convoy tho im piession, that betwoen good luok and no luck there exists no intermediate state. Most persons have a dim, shadowy im Trcssion, only needing the slightest encouragement to burst into a full "low- axiom-that it is quite useless to endeavour to stem the tide-that cer- tain nuggets wore placed at the founda 1ion of the world in such positions that certain fore-ordained lucky dogs could not possibly help stumbling over them ; and that blanks were to be the " usual " luck" of other less favoured dogs. If cur friends will insist on depicting nothing but the great finds, the many trill not unreasonably adduce Australia as a country where the natural laws i,f success are inexorably placed beyond luman control, and before leaving for tvhicli it is absolutely indispensable iliat tlio emigrant should clearly ascer- tain his luck. If our flatterers will place the splendid prizes in the forc ¡jroimd, wo must expect Australia to le looked upon as a lottery, and the Australian immigrant to be considered little better than a gambler. This is not fair. Australia is oer lainly not a lottery. If there is one spot in the world where steadiness and energy will with certainty meet with success; where a man, starting from what- ever step of the ladder his circumstances lavo placed him on, can, if he will, climb to the top, that place is Australia. Wc do not ask our painters to hide any of the rough features of ile country. It is no easy task in any country to climb the ladder of life (a very different task from that of merely maintaining one's position upon it), and we would not that any of our peculiar dif- ficulties should be concealed. Our ob Acuities should be concealed. Our ob- jection is not so much to unfriendly misrepresentation as to mistaken con- cealment. Any one can answer indi- vidual instances of haphazard success by equally strong and more numerous cases of those of deserved failure. We only ask that the unanswerable instances of success, and more particularly the means of success, should have their fair stare of prominence. If a man comes out to try his luck and finds none, let lim blame our flatterers. We never said there was any luck in the matter. We always said that it was downright, absoluto certainty. Australia was the constant : man was the variable. Given the man, we could determine his success with absolute precision. But if Australia be constant-if her field of remunerative employment be lusting, we, her inhabitants, are in a transition state. Therefore, it is muoh more easy to depict what has been than what may be-what shall bo by Hie time the picture reaches our hands. Hence your lucky digger is tho only icaily safe, undeniable stock character ; and to deal in any other than golden prospecte, or to represent gold-mining as a mero sober, steady occupation, comes m be dangerous and unprofitable. Hence it is much easier to tell how the road to Castlemaine is metalled with quartz yielding an ounce and a half to the ton, than to toll llint there are inexhaustible stores of quartz, poorer, indeed, but capable of yielding a steady and by no means in- considerable profit. But with many thanks to those who, when they had the alternative of detracting, chose to b. ilattering, wo would beg to inform them that we would much prefer tobe painted as we are, and that we have much to recommend us besides jewellers' shops and enormous nuggets. It lias been arranged that a meeting of the Stakspeiii-Memorial Committee shall bo hold on Friday next, at tho Mayor's room, Town' Ball, Duo notice will be givon by advertise- ment, stating tho hour, &o.; A meeting of allottees in Mr, AV. II. Thomson' 3Iaidstonc estate was hold last «vening. Tha report of tho managing committee, for which we lime not room to-night, was adopted, and a com- I iiiiUeo wns appointed, whoso duty it will bo to «une to Romo terms ivith Mr. Thomson, or, it tint cannot bo dono, to adviso law proceedings. Telegraphic communication was interrupted I jesterdny nt half-past 8 a.m. on tho Tasmanian line, between Molbourno and Geelong, and has not since been resumed. Yesterday afternoon | Hie Adelaide lino became deranged between Hexham and Warrnambool. Tho interruptions on this part of tho line aro becoming so frequent .-is to call for some special steps to protect the viro from injury, The lecturing season of the Melbourne Me- chanics' Institute was inaugurated last evening by Mr. David Blair, who delivered a lecture on " True and False Science ; or the Vestiges of Creation Exploded." The audience was rather numerous, and the somewhat abstruse subject appeared to excite a due amount of interest. The chair was taken by Dr. Gilbee, and a vote of thanks to the lecturer concluded the pro- ceedings. The grand ball to commemorate tho opening _ __ d the St. Kilda Town Hall, which is to come off *n Thursday evening, is likely to prove ajrreat inecess. The stewards havo been indefatigable in their efforts to mako it everything that can be -Hired. Tho company it is said will include tit Governor and party, with many of the lead ii¿ men of the colony and their families, Jj_j r ?» ,, " t , i , M (towards have intimated that the '.lists will close I this evening. _ I In consequence of Uio extreme inclemency of, (ho vventlier, Mr. T. P. Hill was induced to post riono the Shakspeariau ontertainmont announced to como off last ovening, at tho Town Hall, St. Kilda, till Monday next, the 30th inst. The en- tertainment will be given tins evening, at St. S tplien's School-room, Richmond. A meeting of stock and shute brokers was held yosleiday, in tho Criterion Hotel, for the purpose of hearing and considering the report of a sub* i ommitteo, appointed at a previous meeting to . o vise upon tho question of the " Extension of the principles and advantages of tho stock ex- change." Prior to the commencement of tho pro o cdings, a resolution was put from tho chair, and carried nan. con., that the press be not a l mittcd. Tho election of three members of the Muni- cipal Council of Richmond took placo yesterday. There was considerable interest excited in tho pioceediugs, and notwithstanding tho darknoäj ef tho evening andthoinolemenoyof the weather, fCTornl bundled persons weio congregated for hours outside tho municipal chambers, awaitinj . ho result. The Hon. George Coppin, the re- turning officer, announced the election to have fallen on Messrs. Philip Johnson, Oddy, aril Lambert; the numbers polled for each wero as follows :-Johnson, 548 ; Oddy, 488 ; Lam- bert, 385; Egan, 367; Heaton, 322; Russoll, 193 ; Cutter, 102. Tho successful candidates ad. diessed the ratepayers, thanking thom for tho honour bestowed. A special general meeting of shareholders in tho Monto Christo Mining Company was hold at tho offices, Temple-court, yestorday. Mr. Siohol was called to the chair, and gave a detailed ac- count of the prospeots of tho company, after .slating that ho and Mr. M. Mitchell, having ad- vanced a large sum of money, wished som j jndemniûcation. This was given in tin shape of a call of 10s. per share to ba paid within a month; any shareholder not liquidating tho samo withm fourteen days to bj -ticablo in tho Court Mines, Ballarat, without further notice. There was a numerous attend- ance of gentlemen interested in the company. Fressure upon our space excludes the full ropor; of tho proceedings. A goodly audience assembled within tho wall? of the Theatre Koyal last night to do honour lo the memory of our great dramatist. Tin play selected for performance- tho first part of " Henry IV."-is one of the grandest of the histories, and famous especially for two por- traits-Hotspur and Falstaff- which will over engage the strongest sympathies of an English audience These characters were admirably sus- tained by Mr. Brooke and Mr. O. H. Bogers, in lho latter of whom many had lost night to wol ccrno back an old acquaintance and an accom- plished actor. Wo think neither actor nor audience, was disappointed. Mr. Brooke and Mr. Kogors wero recalled at the fall of the cur- tain, and loudly applauded. Tho play generally was -well put on the stage, and, considering tha rarity of its presentation, creditably performed. Mr. Edwards gave a dignified reading of tho pirt of the King, and Mrs. H. Phillips, as Mrs. Quickly, gave the character tho necessary pro- minence. Tlio evening concluded with a now ballet by the Leopold Family, entitled " Shakä pearo's Dream," and a characteristic tableau by tho company. Tho projectors of tho Molbourno and Suburban Building and Investment Society aro pushing their woy, and for tho purposo of vontilating the subject of their claims upon public support a meeting was held at that remotely suburban spot Um SllirlW Arma Tlntol l7«ol PMli-.1 the Studley Arms Hotel, East Collingwood, last evening. There was n good" attendance, tha triiall room of meeting boing crammed to excess. Tho chair was taken by Mr. Kinsman, who at some- length dwolt on tho advantages of building societies in general, and the brilliant prospects of tho now society in particular. Ho was listened to attentively, especially when bo referred to figures to show tho success which had attended tho second Victorian Society, with which Mr. Mars Miller {tho secre- tary of tho new society) had been so clojoly identified. Ho was followed by Mr. Mars Miller, who also lengthily explained tho working of tha present society, and tho certainty of its suoeo3s and prosperous futuro. Mr. Don, M. L. A., followed, and not only enlarged upon tho gonoral subject, but by his questions elicited from Mr. Wilier and Mr. Kinsman several fresh iten» ot information respecting tho subject in hand, H j waa followed by several othors in the room ; au 1 answering questions of this nature becamo tha order of tho night till a tolerably late hour, vhen tho assemblage broko up. Tho policy, or otherwise, of increasing tin medical staff at tho Molbourno Hospital wai again ventilated yesterday afternoon at a moot- ing held in tho Mechanics' Instituto, Thora was a lnrgo number of persons present, his Honour tho Chief Justice presiding. Dr. Mac kenna, in a long speech, denounced the pre- sent system of allotting 50 beds to ono modic.il man. Ho also asserted that the per centago of mortality, namely 15, in tho hospital was "mjn strous," and would not bear comparison with th.it in similar institutions in the mother country. Ho introduced a motion to the effect that 20 bed? only bo allotted to each medical adviser, and tint ii.ct eased assistanco be afforded. In the coursa of his remarks, Dr. Mackenna was frequently as cubed of misstating facts, and on moro than ona Vi mi In nntnrn «Inn nf 1.«.~1-.-. oceiibionhad to entera plea of having been raisin ionucd. His speech was received with great dis- approbation, and at its conclusion a largo iminbar of membors of tho Hospital Committee and of medical men donied the truth of tho statement that the attendance was inadequate, or that tho ratients were in any way neglected. Dr. Mâc- honna accused two gentlemen present-Drs. Bar- ker and Oilbee-of having improperly treated two patients entrusted to them, but the mcetin.i considered that such questions wero irrelevant to the matter at issue. An amendment, that th_ meeting bo adjourned sine die, was moved by Dr. Biownless, and carried by a large majority. The citizens of Melbourne met in public meet- ing at tho Town Hall yesterday, for tho purpoai of determining upon the steps to bn taken in Older to commemorato suitably in Victoria tua tin co hundredth anniversary of the birthday of ' William Shnkspeare, which will occur on tho 21i!i j April, 1864. His Excellency the Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, K.C.B., presided, andintroduccl thcpioceedings with an appropriate tribute to lho genius of "the immortal bard," and able speeches afterwards followed from the Altornoy Gcncral, tho Mayor of Melbourno, Professor Wilson, Mr. John O'shanassy, M.L.A., and other influential gentlemen. The proceeding) throughout were of a most enthusiastic character. It is proposed that tho commémo- ration shall consist of lho inauguration, on tho best site that can bo obtained in Mol loume, of a monument, to bo executed by au i minent English sculptor, representing certain, cf the passages in Shakspeare's works, and crowned by a statuo of the bard himself. To secure a monument worthy of tho object will fully occupy lho time botween this and the yoar 18C4. Hence the necessity for initialing pro- ceedings thus early. Subscriptions will bo in- vited from all in the colony who speak tho Eng 1 sh languago, and the co- operation of foreigners will bo gladly received. During tho progress of the meeting it was stated that it was a practice with the ancients, on departing from their nativo land to found colonies, to tako with thom a bust of each of their great men. This practio. lied not been followed by the English colonists of Victoria with regard to their gro.U j-cet, but they had dono still better- scarcely au I immigrant arriving without having in his po-¡ ecFsion a copy of Shakspeare's works ; and linn, vhile they bad not that which represented tho Lcdy, they had that which represented tliosoul of i this wonderful man, Tho Vice-President of th.3 l Chamber of Commerce (an American) humour- ously obsorved that had William Shakspeare bean born 200 years later tho Americana would havj claimed him as their countryman. Tho meotinj was perfectly unanimous. Exception was takai by ono or two gentlemen as to the form of tha memorial, but beyond simple remark as t} Vihethcr a monument would bo the best mods of < clcbration, there was nothing in tho shape of objection or dissent, everyone present appearing desirous to contribute, as far as lay in his power, to tho general harmony and concord, with a vio.v to tho creation of a recognition, in every way creditable to the colony of Victoria, of the intol lectual greatness of a man who has dono moro than any othor English worthy to unite a3 cno family tho members of the Anglo-Saxoa race scattered over the globe. Tho ordinary meeting of tho Royal Society was held last evening, in the society's houso, Victoria street. Tho chair was filled by His Excellency tho Governor. Dr. Macadam, secretary of the society, having read the minutes of tho last meet- ing, tho following gentlemen wero balloted for, and duly elected members of the society, viz. : - Thomas Shearman Ralph, Esq., M.R.O.S.L., associate of the Linntean Society of London, and lecturer on Pathology to tho University of Mel- bourno, proposed by Dr. Macadam, seconded by Dr. Browniens; Georgo Millar, Esq., Rokeby Hall, Collingwood, proposed by Dr. Robertson, seconded by Dr. Macadam; J. B. Wore, Esq., Danish Consul, Molbourno, proposed by Sir ffm. I?. Stawell, seconded by Dr. Mueller; Angus M'Millan, Esq., M.L.A., proposed by tho Hon. Dr. Wilkie, M.L.C., seconded by Dr. Muollor ; Eugeno von Guorard, Esq., artist, Melbourno, proposed by Professor Neumayer, seconded by Aie_A a_ br. Beoker; Alfred Scurry, Esq., Melbourne, | proposed by Dr. Beanoy, seconded by J. G. Knight, Esq. ; Alexander Russell, Esq., M.L.A., surgeon, 7 Royal- torraco, Melbourno, proposed by John Watson, Esq., seconde 1 by Dr. Macadam. The secretary then laid upon the tablo tho following contributions, viz. : " Fiji and the Fijians," by tho Rev. Thomas Wil- liams, presented by the author; "Papers and I Proceedings of tho Royal Society of Tasmania," | .toi. III., part 2, for 1859, and " Report of the . Royal Society of Tasmania," for 1858, presontod | by tho society ; " The Hobarton Directory," by Hugh Munro Hull, Esq. ; "Tho Royal Kalendar andGuido to Tasmania,"forl8G0,byHugh Munro Hull, Esq., F.R.S.T., and M.P.I, of S.A., pre- sented by tho author; part 3, No. 59, of vol. XV., of tho " Quarterly Journal.'of tho Geological | Society of London," presented by the sooioty ; part 1, vol. X., of tho "Transactions of tho I Cambridge Philosophical Society," presented by the society ; specimens of marine fish, by Thomas E. Rawlinson, Esq., CE, ; No. XI. of Dr. Muel- ler's " Fragmenta Phytographiæ Australiæ," presented by the author ; part 3, vol. V., of tho " Transactions of the Royal Scottish Society of Arts," presented by the society ; 850 copies of tho" Report upon tho Resources .of the Co- lony," by the Roya P«ciety of Victoria, pre- sented by tho GoveÄfcont ; parcel of " cooa" leaves, from Charles Ledger, Esq. ; map of the Leichhardt and Port Curtis Districts, mounted | upon myall wood; also, specimen of tomahawk.] hnndlo, mado from the Bricklow acacia, presented by W. Lockhart Morton, Esq. (the compiler). Tho thanks of tho sooioty wero unanimously ro corded in favour of tho above donors. A ballot I then took place, for tho purpose of filling the vacancy in tho council caused by tho election oE | Professor Neumayer to the office of vice-presi- dent of tho society. Tho following gentlemen j wero candidates for tho oflico, viz. :-James Smith, Esq., proposed by tho Rev. J. J. Bloas dalo, seconded by Dr. Gillbeo ; Frederick Ache son, Esq., C.E., oposed by Hon. Dr. Wilkie, M.L.O., seconded by Dr. lula j Martin Gardiner, Esq., O.E., proposed by Dr. Becker, seconded by T)r Mnnlrnnnn- tim ltnir IT»nT Ht^n.T - Dr. Mackonna; tho llov. Henry Higginson, pro- j posed by J. W. Osborne, ,-Conded by F. Acheson, Esq., O.E. ; B. L. J. Ellery, Esq., I proposed by Professor Neumayer, seconded by C. Hodgkinson, Esq., C.E. ; H. F. Eaton, Esq., proposed by Dr. Macadam, seconded by Dr. Eados. Tho ballot having taken placo, tho nama of H. F. Eaton, Esq., was found at tho head of the list, and that gentleman was declared elected to tho council accordingly. Dr. Mueller, chair- man of tho Resource Committee, brought up tho report of that committee on tho resources of tho colony of Victoria. Tho report, which was a printed document of considerable length, w_3 taken as read, it having been previously circulated among tho members of the society. Mr. Frederick Acheson, C.E,, read a lengthy paper on "A now system of ventilation." The loading of Mr. Acheson's paper led to a length- ened discussion, which was interrupted by His Excellency's calling attention to the fact that it was then considerably past the howat which the proceedings wore usually closed. The debate was accordingly adjourned. Warrnambool can now boast of having two local journals, tho first number of the Telegraph having appeared on Thursday last. The new journal boasts of being tho largest in the district, and it is got up with spirit and ability. In an article on tho wants of tho colony, tho Telegraph remarks :-" Hundreds of our labouring classoä liavo habitually spent their earnings in thopublic houso, becauso no prospect of ' settling on the land' opened to their view. A libe- ral land system may thereforo do much to encourage habits of temperance and industry, I but it needs immigration as a corollary. Com I bincd, these measures may do much to restore | the fading prosperity of the colony, but separately thoy are not the panaceas which their respective advocates would fain mako us believe. Though 'The Corner' had free grass, and the teetotallers drank tho Yon Yean dry, the millemum, would still be afar off. Wo would still find that we were but ' Dipping buckots into ompty wells, And growing old In lifting nothing up.' When electors and Legislators look beyond their peculiar crotchets, and tako a comprehensivo view of tho political condition of the colony we may begin to hope for practical romedies." The mystery of the Casterton murder—par- tially revealed from time to time, by the evi- dence given in our columns—has at last been un- riddled, and the perpetrator, George Waines, a farmer, and the employer and neighbour of the murdered pair, has, as we have already announced, been condemned to death for the dreadful offence of which a jury has just found him "Guilty." It will be in the recollection of our readers that Robert and Mary Hunt, owners of a small pro- perty at Casterton, in the Western District, sud- denly disappeared in October, 1858, leaving valu- ables behind them, and that no trace of them could be found for many a day. Suspicions were early excited against George Waines, who had purchased the property of Hunt some months previously, and paid for it by a bill, which would become payable in November of that year. These suspicions grew stronger, and were fixed in the minds of the neighbours by the strange re- marks of Waines himself, who exhibited a kind of monomania for talking about the Hunts, and whose remarks at times almost amounted to an admission of the murder. At length 12 months after the disappearance of the Hunts, Detective-constable Browne was de- tached from the Melbourne force to investi- gate the subject on the spot. He engaged him- self as a stableman and general helper with a publican in the neighbourhood, became ac- quainted with Waines, and sought diligently for a clue to trace the crime, but for some months without success. At last he got himself arrested as a ticket-of-leave convict at large, and had Waines apprehended at the same time on suspicion. Search was daily prosecuted for the bodies of the missing pair, on the farm, and about the house, Browne taking part in the search, and Waines nightly pressing his fellow prisoner (as bethought him) for information of what was going on outside. At last a chance re- mark, that the river Glenelg was about to be dragged by the blacks, drew the secret from the alarmed man. He had thrown the bodies, in a sack, into a deep water-hole in the river; and when on his way in custody to the gaol he had made an excuse to get away for a few minutes from the police when passing this water-hole, and had seen that a portion of one of the missing bodies had escaped from the bag, and was floating on the surface. He confessed the crime, and begged the detective, as a friend who would not betray him, to remove the remains, and save him. The water-hole was immediately afterwards searched, and portions of two bodies were found, one of the bodies being that of a woman, and the other that of a man. The prisoner was tried at Portland last week for the murder of Mary Hunt, the trial lasting over several days, Mr. Justice Pohlman presiding. The jury found the prisoner "Guilty," and he was sentenced to death. A legal point, however, touching the identification of the body, has been reserved for the opinion of the judges in full court. Mr. Jus- tice Pohlman, in passing sentence, intimated that he would not recommend any remission of the sentence in the event of the legal point being decided against the prisoner. If the last penalty of the law is carried out, it will, we are sorry to learn, take place in Melbourne. Waines is described as a little muscular man, of middle age, whose deep-set eyes and compressed lips in- dicate great resolution. He remained unmoved throughout the trial. His victims were natives of Yorkshire. The whole story is remarkable, and adds one more to the many singular proofs extant, that the blood of the murdered "crieth from the ground." 