ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION THIS DAY. J erins. Game and MURRAY-At their rooms, Collins street Choice shrubs, forest trees. At the Australian Wharf Potatoes, ex Adelaide and Hugh - Roberts. Vcstrs. PURCELL and KmonitAN.-At their yards Bourke-streot-Imported bulls Havelock and Isaac, cows. Mr. STUBBS-At the premises, Brighton Household furniture and effects ; also the freehold property. IÍT. Vf. B WALTER -At the premises, Carlisle-street St. Kilda Furniture, dogs, To. Mr. WILLIAM PERRY -At his rooms, Collins streets Fruit-trees, flowering shrubs, etc, Mr. Zoniun.-At his rooms, Swan-street, Richmond Furniture, wines, spirits, beer, provisions, c 1ST. N. KINBMAN-At the Victoria Boardinghouse Xuggago State, Flinders-street - Immigrants' boxes and swags. At his rooms, Moor street, Col- lingwood Furniture and miscellaneous goods. if. JOUH.DAVISON.-At rooms, Ryrie-street, Geelong -Freehold properties in parish of Duneed. Vr. IiAVliiEhCK WILLIAMS- At the ground, Napier Street, EmonfldTIill-Cottago and land. Athlet rooms, Gertrude-street- Groceries, provisions, boots, shocsVhosIcry, &c.; Mr. J B CREWS and Co -On the ground, Chapel \- street, Prahran Building ground Sales by Auction. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. At Twelve o'clock. English-built Schooner PRINCE of WALES To the Merchants, Shipowners, and Others engaged in the South Sea, East Indian, and other trades requiring; a really first- class vessel, capable of carrying dry cargoes. * . A. COFFEY is favoured with instructions J » to SELL by AUCTION, at Lloyd's Rooms, auofilns-street west, on Tuesday, September 11, at twelve o'clock, The schooner . PRINCE of WALES, 118 tons register, a built at Camarsln, County of Anglesea, Wales, of the best materials, copper-fastened, and Breathed about two years ago with Muntz heavy metal. She is celebrated for her rapid passages, and for the good order in which her cargoes have been landed, her outfit of sails, anchors, chains, de., la of the best track trial, and ample in quantity. Her dimensions are Length .... 78ft. 5-10 Breadth .... 18ft. 7-10 Depth .... lift 2-10 She shifts and stands without ballast, and can go to sea with a very small quantity. Inventories and further information to be had from the auctioneer, at Lloyd's Rooms. Terms at Sale. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. Valuable Freehold Properties In Swanston street, Melbourne. Also, Allotment of Land at Cut Paw Paw. Xf Order of the Executors of the late Mr. William Major Barrett. £1 KEIG and MURRAY have received instruct 30 tions from the executors of the late Mr. William alor Barrett to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on an early day, due notice of which will be given, All that valuable freehold property situate off No. 82 Swanston-street, at the rear of Messrs. Hickin botham's premises, on which is erected a very substantial store, being part of Allotment No. 1, Section 22, city of Melbourne. Also, . Allotment of land at Cut Paw Paw, being Allotment IN. . Title, Crown grant. till particulars will appear in future advertisements, and every information may be obtained on application to Messrs. Freame and Garlick, 16 Collins street west. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. 1 Last Sale of the Season. 1 Choice Shrubs, Forest Trees, eVo. 44 KEIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION at their rooms, on Saturday, September 6, at eleven o'clock, A very choice collection of shrubs, fruit-trees, flowers, &c;, consisting of Anemones, alienates, cotta Ethiopia, colombine Common lilac, common laurel, or press EnonymuB japonica. EnonymuB japonica varisgatuB, Leycester Formosa Xauristinus, motions aqua folds, orange Polyanthus, penstemons two varieties ; privet Persian lilac, piccoteoB, reba sanguinea Roses, various, very choice; thrift Yucca filamentous, c The above will be the last sale of the season, and purchasers are requested to attend this sale to enable them to secure very choice trees. Terms cash ObServe Saturday's sales, at eleven o'clock. THIS DAY. At Eleven o'clock. On the Australian Wharf. Ex Adelaide and Hugh Roberts. 6OO Tons Prime Potatoes. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc- X tions to SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian hart, on Saturday, September 8, at eleven o'clock sharp, ~ Ex Adelaide and Hugh Roberts, SOO tons prime potatoes Note.-The above are a very fine lot of potatoes, and especially worthy the attention of the trade Terms at sale. Observe-On the Australian Wharf, at eleven o'clock: MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 20 Cases Very Superior Stationery. For Unreserved Sale. -To Paper Merchants, Printers, Stationers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc -tions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms -on Monday, September 10, at twelve o'clock, 30 cases first-class stationery, consisting of Superfine blue wove post, 1916. So blue laid and cream laid do, do Cream laid, blue wove, and blue laid envelopes Drawing polished ponds Finest hard India red sealing-wax Steel pens kicking-in Joiners' oval laid pencils , Long and short penholders \ _ Red chalk pencils v photographic blacklead pencils, for short-hand writers Ivory, Tending, and curved knives Extra-thick elastic bands Letters sighing machines Printers' cards, all sizes Morrison's office and copying inks, various sizes So red ink, etc. No reserve. _"_ Terms at Sale. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. A Prior to the Sale of Stationery, etc. About 6 Tons Fish Oil. Co Account and Risk of the Former Purchaser, Mr. David Jarvis. aREa and MURRAY are instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Monday, September 10, at twelve o'clock, Before the stationery sale, About 5 tons fish oil. Cn account and risk of the former purchaser, Mr. David Jarvis. No reserve. _-_Terms-Cash._ MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. < 6 Milner's Patent Fire-proof Safes. To Stationers, Merchants, Bankers, and Others. M GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AU<" AUCTION at their rooms, on Monday, September aojattwelve o'clock, CMilnor'a patent fireproof fire-resisting safes. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. Ex Ocean Eagle. j On Account of Whom it May Concern. Four Bales Demy Paper. > More or Less Damaged by Sea Water. t To Stationers, Printers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL byAUC EX TION, at their rooms, on Monday, September flat twelve o'clock, ' Ex Ocean Eagle, On account of whom it may concern, M W in diamond, No. 203-23 reama superfine printing demy 204-28 do do, and brown, drab and primrose o 208-226-20 do printing double crown 208-20 do superfine printing demy. More or less damaged by sea-water. ' Terms cash. Without Reserve TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. £0 Firkins D R. Cork Butter, 60 Do. Danish Do. CO Cases Pint Pickles, assorted. ' 60 half-barrels Dried Apples. 25 Barrels New Patras Currants. 21 CasesiFeast's Walnut Catsup. , 2. Tons Ground Coffee, in tins. 16 Cases Mackie's Edinburgh Biscuits. ., 10 DO. Police Saloon Matches. ; 20 Casks Walnuts. 20 Do. Brazil Nuts. _ 7 Casks Chicory. '10 Cases Tobacco, black diamond brand. \-- 7 Do. Colonial Jams. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUG, TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September li, at twelve o'clock, £0 firkins D.H. Cork butter 60 Ho Danish do SO cases pint pickles, assorted £0balfbarTcisdried apples 26 barrels new Patras currants 24 cases Feast's walnut catsup 2 tons ground coffee, in tins 16 cases Mackie's Edinburgh biscuits ; 10 do Pollak'a saloon matches ' 20 casks walnuts 20 do Brazil nuts 7 do chicory 10 cases tobacco, black diamond brand 7 do colonial June. . '. The attention of the trade is particularly requested to the above lot of goods, being to close various consignments, Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 20 Cases Compton's Bacon, Middles. 20 Do Do Prime Derby Cheese. To Grocers, Cheesemongers, Storekeepers, and Others. gREIG and MURRAY will SELL byAUO war TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 31, at twelve o'clock, 20 cases Compton s bacon, middles 20 do do prime Derby cheese. Terms at sale. Without Reserve. 7 H' TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. Ex Strathdon. '. On Account of Whom it May Concern 100 Cases Copeland's Red Cabbage, each 8 Dozen. All Faults. ( To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. e GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUG TION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 11, at twelve o'clock, ' Ex Strathdon, On account of whom it may concern, Y M. and Co In diamond, 161-200-100 cases, each 3 dozen, Copeland's rae cabbage. All faults. Terms cash. Without Reserve. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 20 Cases N Z Button. 26 Do Tasmanian Do. 11 Do Wollongong Do. To Cheesemongers, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 13, at twelve o'clock, ' 20 casks N Z butter 26 do Tasmanian do 17 do Wollongong do. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 10 Chests Finest Italian Macaroni and Vermicelli. 10 Cases Chicory To Grocers, Storekeepers, Merchants, and Others, GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 11, at twelve o'clock, ' 10 chests finest Italian macaroni and vermicelli 10 cases chicory. The above are now just landed, in fine order and condition, and will be sold without men of Terms Cash. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 200 Cases M'Dougall's Tobacco Pipes, each 5 gross, To Tobacconists, Storekeepers, and Others. GREIG and MURRAY will SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 11, at twelve o'clock, 200 cases M'Dougoll's tobacco-pipes, each 5 gross, comprising Burns' cutties, large courier, dhu deen pipes, Baltic and large yachting. Derry and Dublin, and various others. Terms Cash TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. Preliminary Notice Important Sale of Groceries, Provisions, Oilmen's Stores, c To Grocers, Storekeepers, Provision Merchants, and Others I GREIG and MURRAY have received instruc IT tons from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, on Tuesday, September 11, at twelve o'clock, Groceries Provisions Oilmen's Stores Oats, etc. Full particulars In to-morrow's paper. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20 Station In Murrumbidgee District. No Reasons KAYE and BUTCHART will OFFER for SALE, at their rooms, 56 Bourke street west, on Thursday, September 20, Immediately after the sale of the Moira Stations, Mr. Robert Brown's Stations, known as BULL PLAIN, COWPASTURE, And SAWYER'S MISTAKE, Without Stock, between the Murray and the Billibong, about 40 miles below Albury Thrso three blocks are contiguous to each other, and comprise about 40 000 acres e f e excellent fattening country, consisting of large open plains, open forests and sandhills, all well grassed A large portion of the runs is securely fenced, and when completed they will become valuable fattening runs One of the blocks is entitled to a lease of 14 years fremlSSC The rents and assessments are very trifling indeed, amounting in all to only £65 per annum These runs will be sold without stock, and no reserve will be placed on them THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. Magnificent Squatting Property in New South Wales "AYE and BUTCHART have been instructed by H S. Lew os. Esq and the executors of the sisters Throsby, to 01 FER for SALE at their rooms, No 50 Bourke street west, on Thursday, September 20, at twelve o'clock, The MOIRA STATIONS, On the Murray River, and in the colony of New South Wales, about 15 miles from Moama, together with 7 COll head of cattle, more or less 10,000 sheep, do 760 acres of purchased land Olio sheep and cattle, with tholrrespectivo runs, will be sold either separately or together, to suit our diapers This property is unquestionably one of the best of the far-famed runs of the Murray, ardconslatscf extensive and beautifully grassed plains, intersected by belts of forest and has a very extensive frontage to the her, being situated in the great bend near Maiden s Punt. ii he estimated area of the whole is 1S0.480 acres. The boundaries are undisputed The cattle run is all enclosed, being bounded on the south and east by the Murray and the Gulpa Creek, and on the north and west by a substantial fence, newly erected. The sheep run is a compact block of 82,000 acres of the choicest grazing country, outside the enclosed cattle run, but joining it at the north west comer The improvements consist of three sheep stations, with good but, hurdles, and brick water tank at each station The cattle area well bred and very quiet mixed herd, a large proportion are full grown, and a good many of the female are spared The whole are station bred, no store cattle having ever been placed on the run A very large number of the cattle will be fit for market this season, none having been removed during the last nine mouths a he sheep are a very choice lot, has li g been called and bred with the greatest care They are all full fleeced, and consist of 2,880 ewes, five years and upwards, now lambing 1,058 do, four years old, do 947 do, three years old do 098 wethers, three years old 2,146 wethers and ONCE, two years old, about equal 8,280 do do, one year old, do do. 78 rams 10,040 8,200 lambs will be given in the wool realized 2s. 4d. and 2s. 6d. per lb. in London this season. The improvements are very extensive, of the most substantial character, in excellent repair, and are mostly of recent erection. The fencing, nearly 61 i miles in extent, encloses a weaning paddock of 6,000 acres and three cultivation paddocks, other two gras i paddocks of 10 and (CO acre.-', and a horse paddock of 100 acres. The other improvements comprise an excellent weatherboard and shingled cottage of nine rooms, lined and pay creek, and nearly new, detached kitchen, with pantry and servants'' rooms, overseer's cottage a d kitchen, three storey one double and two single huts for men (two of which are built of stone), large stockyard, garden, orchard, stable and cart shed, large woolshed with loft above, weatherboard wool store ; five or these buildings are roofed with iron, as he homestead samples with every convenience for the residence of a gentleman's family, and in all respects will be found a most comfortable and pleasant Lemo. Nothing is wanting to insure the successful and easy working of the station. Near the homestead is a house or accommodation, let to a tenant. It is built of stone and has eight rooms, detached stone kitchen of three rooms, but, a table, with 24 stalls, and very large stock yard All these, with the homestead. stand on purchased land. Oho agents would particularly call attention to the admirable position of this station, just within the New South Wales boundary, and within 00 n Iles of the Bendigo market, and only 160 miles from Melbourne a belo 18 a telegraph station at Moama, 16 miles from the homestead. It is rarely that a property combining so many advantages son on into the market; and this opportunity of securing one of the best stations in New South Wales occurs now solely from the necessity of realising a trust estate Intending purchasers are strongly rec manded to inspect the property before the day of sale. A plan of the runs may to seen at the office of Messrs Ka) e und Buterait, 83 Bourke-street west, Melbourne, and every other in born, at ion obtained of them, or Messrs Dalgety and Compy., Little Collins street west, Melbourne. FormS. One-third cash, remainder, bealingintcrott at 8 per cent, per annum, by bills at one, two, and. three-years' PRELIMINARY NOTICE. pure-bred Suffolk and Clydesdale Entire. PURCELL and KEIGHRAN have received - instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards, Bear's Horse Market, on an early day, of which due notice will be given, 2 three-year-old entires, to arrive per City of Hobart, bred by J. Maclanachan, Esq, Tasmania. Pedigrees of the above can bosses at the office of the auctioneers. THIS DAY. PURCELL and KEIGHRAN have received in l structions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards, Bear's Horse Market, on Saturday, September 8, at twelve o'clock, The imported bull) Havelock And Isaac. For pedigrees apply at the office of the auctioneers, where the bulls can be seen \--" THIS DAY. Cows. To Dairymen, Dealers, and Others. PURCELL and KEIGHRAN will SELL by AUCTION, at their yards, Bear's Horse Market, on Saturday, September 8, immediately after the sale of bulls, fine cows. ...... s., some of them have calves at foot, the others will calve in a few days. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. Broken Horses. "PURCELL and KEIGHRAN have received H instructions from G. Ogilvie, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at their yards, Bear's Horse Market, on Monday. September 10, at twelve o'clock,. 8 first-rate saddle horses, in good condition, j us. arrived overland with cattle, Also, 1 Welsh pony. All thoroughly quiet, and for silo without reserve. " CITY of HOBART. Suffolk and Clydesdale Entires, Pure Bred. PURCELL and KEIGHRAN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their vast. Bear's Horse Market, on an early day, 2 pure-bred Suffolk and Clydesdale entires, three years old, bred by J. Maclanachan, Esq, and just landed in splendid condition, ex City of The horses can be seen at the station of the auctioneers, where pedigrees and further particulars can be bad. THIS DAY. To Gentlemen Requiring a Beautiful Summer Best dance at Brighton, Which Must be Sold. Immediately After the Sale of the Furniture. MR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from the mortgagee to SELL by PUBLIC AUC T, on the premises, corner of the Brighton parade and Wellington street, Brighton, on Saturday, September 8, at two o'clock precisely, That beautiful two-storied modern bud residence now in the occupancy of Mrs. Spriggs, fronting the Bay, with coachhouse, stable, and every convenience consulted in its construction for the comfort of a genteel family. Terms liberal Title guaranteed. With immediate possession. THIS DAY; ' Auction Sale of very Elegant Household Furniture, Library and Efforts. Also, Grand Pianoforte, by Erard Square Do by Collard and Collard. On the Premises, Woodford House, At the Corner of the Brighton-parade and Wellington-street, Brighton. R. STUBBS is favoured with instructions from the proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC ION, on the proposed, Woodford House, Brighton, on Saturday, September 3, at twelve o'clock, All the very excellent suite of furniture, comprising Very handsome drawingroom suite, in amber silk damask Easy, loo, and dining tables Marble top chiffonniere, wltbjplato-glasa back and door Velvet pile carpets Canterbury, whatnot Square pianoforte, by Collard and Collard Oak diningroom chairs Grand pianoforte, by Erard * , Library Maps School tables Bedsteads and bedroom furniture Sundries, &c.; Catalogues at Sale TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. " Suburban Auction Sale Of Very Valuable Household Furniture and Effects. Plato. Brilliant-toned Pianoforte Glass. I Phaeton, Harness, Saddle, Car, Poultry, on. the Property of a Lady returning to England. ~ At Boroondara, near Kow. "A TR. STUBBS is favoured with instructions HH from Mrs Crawley to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, Boroondara, near the residence of Mr. Justice Wrixon and that of Mr Surveyor Everest, on Tuesday, September 11, to commence at twelve o'clock precisely, ! The whole of the well appointed suites of drawingroom, diningroom, bedroom, and other household furniture and effects, comprising Suite of spring-seated hair sofa and chairs Dining Tables Chiffonier Handsome carpet and rug Splendid metallic patent plated, brilliant toned a concert pianoforte, constructed to order at a Boston ThnopieceB Handsome pattern, tea, coffee, dinner, and dessert services Glassware Silver plate Bedroom Furniture. Handsome wardrobe Four post Iron bedstead and curtains Feather beds Hair mattresses, palliasses, hair and feather pillows Chest drawers ToUot-tublcs Glasses Washstands and ware Carpets, chairs. Pantry and Kitchen. All requisite culinary and other utensils. Laundry. American stove Tube, palls, &c.; Stable, &c.; Hogskin saddle, bridle, etc. four-wheeled hooded phaeton Silver-mounted Harness Poultry cow, heifer, rabbits, to. > Catalogues at rooms. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. Park place, On the Green Banks of the Gardiner, Section 138, Parish of Boroondara, adjoining Clare Castle, the | Property of Mr. Patrick Murnane MR. STUBBS is instructed by the proprietor, Mr. Browne, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, 3 rooms, Queen street, on W Wednesday, September 12, at twelve o'clock precisely, In one or two lots, All that healthy and picturesque property belonging to him, situate on Gardiner's Creek, comprising a ? grant from the Crown (originally to the Hon. T. H. Power of 08 acres, and marked and numbered as Section 188 Terms liberal. Title, Grant from the Crown Note-The above valuable property contains 03 acres, is well timbered and watered throughout the year; in addition to other advantages, there are two S cod paddocks fenced In (three rail), close to Robert Kent, Esq 's, and within one paddock of Thomas Bor- gan, Esq 's. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. To Industrious Tradesmen. Positively to be Sold By Order of the Mortgagee Fitzroy street, Collingwood. Three Cottages, producing Weekly Rents. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the mortgagee to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the premises, on Thursday, September 18, at t h o o'clock precisely, Two wooden and one brick built cottage, situate in Fitzroy-street Collingwood, near the corner of Moor-street. Terms liberal T tlo Guaranteed. THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. Another Eligible Bargain. Yarra Lodge, South Yarra. By Order of the Mortgagee. Must be Sold. , With Three Excellent Family Floors. MR. STUBBS is instructed by the agent of the mortgagee to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the rooms, Queen-street, on Thursday, September £0, at twelve o'clock precisely, All the above possession, known as Yarra Lodge, 1 South Yarra. Note-The upper floor of this eligible property breaks upon the moBtcxtravagantlandscapes,luxurlous scenery, and picturesque VIOWB, The drawingroom, with a three other rooms, forms the first floor. The street floor has a noble diningroom, with folding doors, breakfastroom, and a Blttmgroom the same. The cellar-floor 18 subdivided into four different compartments viz, kitchen, larder, servants'-room, and a wine cellar. Neat staircases are prolonged throughout the lodge, and it is situate just at that pleasant distance from the banks of the river which makes it a most desirable purchase. Area, Mit. to Prahran street, by 380ft. 6in. in depth. For particulars of title, intending purchasers are respectfully referred to J. L'Estrange, Esq, solicitor, 181 Lonsdale-street west. Terms at Sale. AUCTIONEER'S NOTICE. To Householders about to Leave the Colony, and Others. JAMES WADE, of Wade and Gowan, having completed arrangements for the sale of furniture, fee,, in addition to his present auction business, is now prepared to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at private residences, on the usual terms, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, and. other effects, which persons may entrust to him for disposal. His partner, J. D. Gowan, will give his personal attention to the letting, cataloguing, and carrying out of the necessary preliminaries, in such a manner as will relieve the seller of all trouble and ensure to them the best sales. JAMES WADE, of Wade and Gowan, 80 Collins street, Drapery and Furniture Auctioneer. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. Unreserved Sale of Fancy Drapery, Ribbons, Silks, Muslin Goods, Millinery, Underclothing, Hosiery, Haberdashery, Linen Goods, Slops, ice. To Warehousemen, Drapers, Mininera, Silk Mercers, l Clothiers, Outfitters, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, i and Buyers for the Diggings. if' WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has been in mf a structed by the importers to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, £0 Collins street east, on Tuesday, September 11, at eleven o'clock, The following new and choice assortment of new words, to be sold without reserve : I Muslin dresses Striped and crossover Silks Fancy head dresses and feathers I Muslin curtains and sets 4in. twist fringes , Prussian binding Black silk hood tassels , Black sarsenet ribbons > Gala plaids i i Patent crinoline bell-shaped bats ' Velvet ribbons, cut edges Alpacas and demi black lustres Coburgs, all colours French merinoes Crossover mixtures Mohair fancies Ladies' muslin nightcaps So double skirts Do fancy alpaca dresses 24 drab and brown oriental Ribbons Crimson sashes, with tassels ladies' dress caps and blonde J Do white and drab continue stays Do Irish point and Eugenie collars Men's grey and brown sealskin college vesle..' "DoMelbourne riding coats Do moire antique and velvet do Do fancy check tweed trousers Gentlemen's tweed riding coats , So fancy tweed trousers Do do suits Men's grey tweed jumpers Children's white and coloured lambswool hoods Men's lambswool shirts and pants. And a variety of other goods well worth the attention of the trade. Terms at Sale. ' THIS DAY. Carlisle-street, St. Kilda. WB. WALTER (of the firm of Walter and Bpankio) will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on the promises lately occupied by Mr. G. S W. Borne, on Saturday, September 8, at four o'clock, A few articles of furniture, kitchen utensils, dogs, &c.; Terms-Ca h. THIS DAY. Lost Sole of the Season. To Gentleman Laying out their Grounds, Gardeners, Nurserymen and Others. Splendid Assortment of Fruit Trees, Flowering Mirilba, c WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins, street on Saturday, September 8, at eleven o'clock (sharp, The following choice and varied assortment of fruit trees, handsome shrubs, evergreens, c - Fruit Trees. Apple, pear, cherry, plum, peaches, nectarines, loquat, mulberry, apricot, figs, guavas, date, filbert, barberry, oranges, lemons, &o; Flowering Shrubs, Evergreens, Ac, Moreton Bay chestnuts,. Moreton Bay figs, ginger, laurolB, lauristina, oleanders, hibiscus, bigno alas, cedars (red and white), cypress, Italian cherry, verbenas, &o; A Choice Collection of Roses, Pot Plants. Camelias, magnolias, azaleas, daphne, es lard apple, pines, various gardening, auction pipe nica, coral, rose apple, araucaria, hibiscus, cinerarias, calceolarias, Murray River pine, cedar of Lebanon, etc Terms cash Gentlemen laying out their grounds will do well to attend the above sale Observe-The Last Sale of the Season. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. To Ironmongers, Saddlers, Storekeepers, and Others. Government Stores At the Richmond Police Depot. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) is instructed by H. M. Government to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Richmond Police Depot, on Tuesday, September 11, at twelve o'clock, A quantity of Government stores, comprising 110 sid flea 123 holsters 87 cruppers 113 girths 824 straps 40 valises 168 valise pads 72 pairs reins 61 bridles and breastplates 3 spring carts and harness 1 escort waggon dray rire-annibilators and ammunition Wheelbarrows Ares Handsaws Boilers and tea-kettles camp-ovens, ice Terms Cash TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. To Boot and Shoe Makers, Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others Unreserved Sale of 100 Trunks Boots and Shoes To Close Accounts [WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) C V will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, September 11, at twelve o'clock, Without any reserve, 100 trunks boots and shoes, comprising Girls' best cloth boots Women's enamelled slippers So coloured French cashmere boots Do best cloth boots, Holts So superfine do, Elastic Sides Men's army bluchers Do patent calf, goloshed calf logs, side spring, cross boots Do do square edge Do superior French calf wellingtons Women's carpet slippers Bo leather boots Do cloth do, T P H. Do elastic-side cloth boots Men'S steel sprigged wellingtons Do calf wellingtons, copper sprigged So colonial bluchers Do army do, 46 Terms, liberal, declared at sale. Without reserve To close accounts WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12 Important Sale of Valuable Freehold Property, Victoria Hotel, Heathcote By Order of the Mortgagees WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry ) has received Instructions from the mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms. Collins street, on Wednesday, September 12, at twelve o'clock, All that valuable property, situated in High street, Heathcote, known as The Victoria Hotel, well and substantially built or brick, and lately in the occupation of Mr Phelan. The situation of the above really valuable property is one of the best in the thriving township of Heathcote for business purposes To persons seeking Investments, or those requiring good business premises, the above offers one of those rare opportunities that seldom occur, and should not be allowed to escape their notice, and their instructions are to sell to the highest bidder Terms, liberal, declared at time of sale Title Unexceptionable WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. To Persons Seeking Imoatinocts, Speculators, and Others For Sale, a Comfortable Five Roomed House Little Oxford street, Collingwood WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) will SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, Little Oxford street, Collingwood, on Wednesday, September 12, at eleven o'clock, All that piece or parcel of land situate in Little Oxford street. Collingwood, having a frontage 33ft by a depth of 60 feet, being portion of the original Government section. Together with, A comfortable and well built five roomed dwelling house of wood, lined with lath and plaster, and plaster ceilings, also stable and coach home, now in first-rate repair. Terms, liberal, at sale Title, first class ! Observe-On the ground, Wednesday, September 12, at eleven o'clock sharp MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. Important Sale of Valuable Freehold Properties. Robinson-terrace, Carlton, producing £876 per annum. Yorkshire Family Hotel, St. Kilda Two Corner Allotments Land at North Melbourne. WILLIAM PERRY (late Symons and Perry) has received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Colllns-street, on Monday, September 17, at twelve o'clock, The following valuable freehold properties, viz : Lot 1. All that valuable property known as Robinson's Terrace, situated in Canning-street, Carlton, and comprising also well and substantially brick built c >t ages of four rooms each, slated roof, fitted with marble and Frouohpolisheel mantelpieces, rain and hall neatly papered, large yard, each fence off and verandah in front. The houses are quite- so w, and now producing £376 per annum. The above property is situated opposite His T'a- vouera'Rest, and Vi Ullin 15 minutes'' walk of the Post office. Lot 2. A very valuable block of land, situate at St. K 1 In, on which are erected those substantial building, known as The Yorkshire Family Hotel, containing 14 rooms, and at present let at a very low rental of £100 per annum, payable monthly. Lots. A valuable corner allotment of land, situate in. North Mel bour no, having a frontage of Oijfi, t, Miller-street, by a depth of 118ft. oin along Lachlan-street to a Government right of way Lot 4. A corner allotment, situate at North Melbourne and close to Lot 3, having a frontage of duty in,, Victoria-street, by a depth of 13ft 6in. clear,' Lothian-street, with a Government richter ,v,\ at the rear. Lots 8 and 4 are Situate In one of the choicest is a in North Melbourne, commanding mott with,,!-., views of Hobson's Bay, the shipping, VI IHU.ustj.i.i St. Kilda, and surrounding country. Lot 6. Two acres of land, situate at Sunbury, near the e Railway Station Terms, exceedingly liberal, declared at sale'. Titles Guaranteed. riIIS~DÄY~ Extraordinary Pig with Eight Legs. Furniture, Wines, Spirits, Beer, Provisions, of, MR. ZOHRAB will SELL by AUCTION, at his rooms, Swan-street, Richmond, opens v the Railway Station, on Saturday, September 8, at one o'clock, Without reserve-, Handsome mahogany four-pi *t bedstead, one double and two single iron bedsteads, inn hogany dining and of Rose tables, wa-lHUnile and ware, pictures, sofas, chairs, dressing; glass, clock, back!, and tubs, cutlery, 1 its, earthenware, blankets, clothing, bidding, plated ware. .. A wonderful pig, Well worthy the attention of showmen ; It has two distinct bodies joined with one hand, eight legs, and two tails, and is as great a curiosity as the calf now exhibiting in town. All o, for whom it may concern, C cases whiskey, 7 do geneva, 0 do old tom, 10 do pale brandy, O.V.P. ¡ ale, porter, 2 kegs butter, 30 hams, boan, tobacco, blacklead, wax matches, blacking, ink, sauces, glass paper, clothes lines, raisins, &c.; Terms-cash. No Reason c. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. Sandridge Land. Sandridge. Building Allotments for Purchasers. At their Own Price, and i On their own terms. A Fine Opportunity for Parties Socking Land In this Rising and Prosperous Municipality. MR. ZOHRAB is instructed by Mr. S. O. Isaacs to SELL by AUCTION, on the ground, at Sandridge, on Monday, September 16, at one o'clock prompt, 20 allotments of land in Heath, Bay, Stake, and Raglan streets, Railway-place, and the Beach. Ali which must positively be sold, The sale will commence attRaglan-streot. Titles guaranteed, to be exhibited at the time of sale. Further particulars of Mr. S. G. Isaacs, Bridge street, Sandridge, and 117 Elizabeth-street, Melbourne ; or P. A. C. O'Farrel), Esq., solicitor, Little Collins-street. Mr. Zohrab, auctioneer, Swan-street, Richmond. Terms, most Liberal, at Sale TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. GEO. THOMAS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, on the Australian Wharf, on Tuesday, September 11, at eleven o'clock, 6,000ft. lin. shelving 1800ft. do T. and G. COO pieces 2in" line. clear pine SSO pieces line do 190 pieces line. do. Slightly damaged. Terms at Sale, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. View Summer Goods, by the Great Tasmania, To Warehousemen, Drapers, Clothiers, and Others. J LYONS and Co. are favoured with in a structlons from the Importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their mart, Bourke street, on Monday, September 10, at eleven o'clock precisely, The following superior seasonable goods, to hand, consisting of, vic - LM in diamond, W at side, 3 trunks fancy tweed trousers, sup. cut, and lined 2 do Circassian Tasmania Bats 2 cases sup, carpet bags, with looks complete 2 do Melbourne vests 1 case blue flannel Tasmania sacs 1 do white do 2 cases Circassian Tasmania says ' 3 do fancy tweed Melbourne riding vests 2 d9 youths' light tweed trousers 1 case gentlemen's assorted Brighton sacks 2 cases assorted fancy regatta shirts 2 do sup. white shirts, in boxes 1 case assorted Crimean shirts 2 cases very sup. light doe trousers, &c.; Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. Preliminary Notice. To China Warehousemen, Dealers, and Others. 76 Crates Assorted Earthenware, J" LYONS and Co. will SELL by PUBLIC " AUCTION, at the New Commercial Sales ROCQUE tree-street, on Tuesday, September 11, at eleven o'clock, 76 crates assorted earthenware. Full particulars in Monday's issue.. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. Preliminary Announcement of Sale, of Superior Seasonable Goods, In Boots and Shoes. Just Landed, ex Great Tasmania. To Country Storekeepers, Warehousemen, and Others. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at their mart, Bourke street, on Wednesday, September 12, at olov on o'clock sharp, 78 trunks and cases of first-class seasonable boots and shoes, just landed, ex Great Tasmania. Full particulars of which will be given in Monday's issue. Terms at Sale.. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10 On Account of Whom it May Concern. With All Faults. 74 Trunks of Boots and Shoes, Ex Roxburgh Castle FRASER and COHEN will SELL byAUC !? It ON, at their rooms, Collins street, on Monday, September 10, at eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, With all faults, Ex Roxburgh Castle, 74 trunks of assorted boots and shoes, consisting of Ladies' coloured cashmere boots So black do Girls' coloured do do black do Lae len' enamelled seal slippers So coloured French cashmere boots Bo do, e las tics So black do, do do cloth boots, a ella Men's kip bluchers So army do So memel leg elastic boots So short w ollingtons Solong do So enamelled hide do Women's slippers. Terms at Sale MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 100 Cases of English Wax Kip Leather. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, 0 n Monday, September 10, at eleven o'clock, 6 cases of English wax kip leather. Terms at Sale TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER li. 16 Cases Robinson's Fine Oatmeal. In 2lb Tins To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- 12 tons from the Importers to SELL by AUO ïïbN, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, September 11, at eleven o'clock, 16 cases BobliiBOn's Duo oatmeal, in 28b. tins. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. Three Bales Paper. All Faults On Account of Whom it May Concern. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, September 11, at eleven o'clock, 3 bales paper. More or less damaged Account whom it may concern. Toria Cash TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. " COO Bags No. 1 Cossipore Sugar, each sent. 160 Barrels English Crushed Sugar To Merchants, Grocers, Gingerbeer and Cordial Manufacturers, Storekeepers, and Others. in FRASER and COHEN have received instruc- tlons to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Hay-street, on Tuesday, September 11, at eleven o'clock, COO bags No. 1 Cossipore sugar, oned left 160 barrels English crushed sugar. Terms at Sale TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. To Capitalists, Speculators, Persons Wanting Safe Investment for their Moneys and the Public Generally. Spencer-street, Close to the Terminus of the Great Trunk Railway of Victoria. A Quarter-acre Allotment, Having 132 feet frontage to Spencer-street. By Order of the Australasian Fire and Life Assurance Company, Mortgagees FRASER and COHEN have received instructions to offer for SALE by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street west, on Tuesday, September 11, at twelve o'clock, Without the slightest reserve. Four First-class Houses, having verandahs and balconies to each, situate - in Spencer-street, within a few yards of the military barracks, and lately occupied by the officers of the 40th regiment, under a lease to the colonial Government for three years, at £000 each pot . annum. These four houses were built at a cost of £11,114, in the palmy days of Victoria. In submitting this very superior property to public competition the auctioneers would direct special attention to its very eligible situation, being in the immediate vicinity of the Geelong, Ballarat, and Murray River Railway Station, and that now when the absence of a first-class hotel in that neighbourhood is beginning to be felt, the property about to be offered affords every facility, being readily and inexpensively con- vertible to that purpose, or into a first-class Boardinghouse, The four houses having no less than Twenty-four Rooms. It does not require any extraordinary effort to port cows that, notwithstanding the present depressed state of things in Victoria, the time is not distant when property will assume something like its pristine value, and that those persons who are now so fortunate as to Invest in First-class City Property such as is now offered will reap a rich reward. Arrangements may be made with the mortgagees to continue the present mortgages for £2,000 on the pro- mises, for such period as may be agreed upon. Title guaranteed. Grant from the Crown in the possession of the mortgagee. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 2,226 Bags Mauritius Sugars. To Merchants, Grocers, Brewers, Storekeepers, and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received instructions from the importers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tuesday, September 11, at eleven o'clock, e, Clementia, 857 bags E- Mon Desert, 861 do H-Rounion, 405 do Belle River, 60 do. 2,220 bags Mauritius sugars. The above sugars comprise medium, good, and fine counters, and are to be sold. Terms at Sale WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. Saddlery, Ironmongery, Fancy Plated Goods. Ex Ocean Eagle. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUC W TION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, September- s' at eleven o'clock, Without any reserve, Ex Ocean Eagle, 64 COBOS and hogsheads of Brass-mounted hammer-heads, and crops, hunting whips Malacca cane crop whips and mounts Gig whips Jockey do Ladies' twigs Gentlemen's all-ovcr-hogskln saddles Ladies'' do do German silver spoons Electro-plated cruet and trains ? Do tea and coffee services t Do tea-kettles ' Do beefsteak rJlBhcs \- Do vegetable do Iron sash-weights French Iron bedsteads Four-post do do , Gig lamps Chariot do Flemish tacks Coachmakers' varnish Drawingroom grates Dish covers And a variety of other goods. Terms at Sale. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. At One o'clock. Splendid Piano, Drawingroom Suite, Chairs, Tables, Engravings, And A Fow Marble Chimneypieces. R. J. PRINCE has received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, 135 Moor-street, near Carlton-gardens, A superior drawingroom suite piano, in handsome rosewood case Cane bottom chairs Engravings Neatly new American Stove Hats and, with looking-glass Oilcloth. . . And A variety of furniture. Also, ' Some marble chimney-pieces, not fixed, f are? at one o'clock by Mr. Jas. Prince, 184 Moor- . street. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. At Eleven o'clock. Positive and Unreserved Sale of 280 Chests Fine Teas. 671 Half-chests Do Do. 486BOXOJDODO. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. W EASBY and Co. have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns-street, on Monday, September 10, at eleven G check The following choice lots of fine teas, to close accounts: Ex Henry and Oscar, No. 7-100 half-chests souchong. Ex Strathallan, Sec. 80-100 Chests Congou 40-80 do do 41-101 half-chests do 42-100 do do 48-44 chests do 46-81 half chests do 40-6 do do 47-60 do do 40-08 do do. Ex Horatio, trees. 1-8-3 packages twankay Eec. 84-184 boxes S. O. capers. Ex Clara Novello, Sec. 20-100 boxes S. O. caper 200 do congou The attention of the trade is solicited to the above sale of fine teas, which are to be sold without the slightest reserve Terms Liberal. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, At Eleven o'clock. First Sugars of the New Crop. 0,017 Bags Fine Mauritius Sugars. Cargo ex Amazon, from Mauritius. To Merchants, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEAVER and Co. have received instructions from Messrs. Joshua Brothers to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Colllns- street, on Wednesday, September 12, at eleven o'clock, The cargo of new sugars ex Amazon, from Mauritius, comprising No. 157 bags Beauchamp 254 do Chibel 3-14 do Bon Espoir 4-6 do Beau Bola 656 do do 5- 30 do do 7-4 do Bon Espoir 3-16 do Belle Vue 6-8 do Combo 10\. 200 do Rlvioro Noire 11-14 do California 1256 do do 18\. 2010 Rosalie 1472 do do 16-20 do Phoenix 1066 do do 171-173 dodo 18\. 60 do Esperance 102 do do 20 do Virginia 21-25 do do 22 -do do Esperance 21-18 do Petite Retraite 25-26 do do 20\. 300 do do 27\. 10d do Petite Tarlo 98\. 30 do do 50-50 do Mon Loisir 8-6 do Maison Blanche 82 -27 do Beauford 33 £10 do Esperance 84 do do 86\. 147 bags Schooners 30\. 436 do do 87\. 430 do St Antoine 88-100 do do 30 -230 do Grenelle Baler 40-102 de Riviere Noire 41-31 do do 42-217 do Constance 43-200 do Walmer 44-06 do do 46-64 do do 47-310 Constantine 40-210 do Queen Victoria 4000 do St Antoine 40-410 do Reunion £0-76 do do 68-200 do Poudre D'Or. The attention of the trade is particularly directed to the sale of the above cargo, all of the new crop, and comprises crystal, fine counters, yellows, and rations, superior to any samples now in the market. Terms Liberal. FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 14. At Twelve o'clock. Unreserved Sale of. South Yarra. Desirable Family Residence, Containing 12 Rooms, Detached Coach-house Three stalled Stable, c Situate in Avoca street, South Yarra, in the Occupation of and Belonging to Mr. Tom Ray. W EASBY and Co. have received instructions from Mr. Tom Bay (in consequence of his proceeding to England) to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Friday, September 14, at twelve o'clock, That capital and newly-built family residence, situate in Avoca- street, South Yarra, comprising on Ground Floor, Spacious entrance hall, drawing and dining rooms, breakfast-room, store-room, pantry, servants" room, &c.; One-Pair Floor, 1 Four good bedrooms, dressingroom, wator-olosot.&o.; Basement, Excellent cellarage. i Outbuildings. three-stall stable, coach and gig house, laundry, man-servant's room, fowl-house, force pump, tank, so. Thohouso is surrounded on ground and one-pair Moe is by a spacious and handsome verandah; the buildings are nearly new, in thorough repair, and finished and fitted up in a most perfect manner, and no expense has been spared in making this residence ore of the most perfect about Melbourne. The site is extremely beautiful, and from it are obtained some of the finest and extensive views of the Bay and Bur i rounding country. The house is substantially fenced, with entrance-gate, &c.;, and divided into flower- garden and small paddock for cows a ho auctioneers beg to call the attention of parties to this unreserved sale of one of the most compact and desirable family residences near town. The owner having built the house for his own occupation, spared no expense to make it one of the most complete buildings in Victoria. To parties desirous of obtaining a first-class bout o, this unreserved and positive sale offers great inducements. Terms extremely liberal greatest portion of the purchase money, if required, will be allowed to remain on mortgage, at a very low rate of interest N.B. On south side iBa small poddookundor cultivation, which purchasers can have the option of buying. Full particulars and cards to view the house can be obtained from the auctioneers. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. Most Valuable Allotment of Land Corner of Albert and Nicholson streets. Opposite the Parliament Houses and Denominational Schools. To Builders, Capitalists, Hotelkeepers, Private Families, and Others desirous of obtaining one of the Finest Building Sites in the Colony, and was oil adapted for the erection of an Hotel, Church or Chapel, Private Residence. i.s. EASEY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, 2 at their rooms, 83 Collins-street west, on Friday, September 14, at twelve o'clock, The following splendid freehold property :. All that piece or parcel of land having a frontage to Albert-street of 66ft. by a depth or another frontage to Nicholson street of 32ft., with right of-way in the rear. The above property is splendidly situate, being on the principal line of thoroughfare from Melbourne to Colin gn wood. and from Its prominent position is well that ted for the erection of an hotel, public building, Co This property h to be sold, and the auctioneers can not too strongly urge parties to view the land. Title unexceptionable. Terms, Liberal, Declared at Sale MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. To Connoisseurs or the Fine Arts. Elegant Engiavlnga, Large Size, in Maple Farmer. Do, Do, in Rosewood Do do, in Gold Ovals. Do, Rosewood Ovals and Metals. Oil Paintings, in Gilt Frames JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SrjiLbv AUCTION, at their rooms, 86 Collins street, adjoining the Criterion Hotel, on Monday, September 16. at eleven o'clock, 10 cases splendid paintings and engravings, com- prising- subjects : Cromwell's Family interceding for the Life of Charles I. Amesbury Meet Canterbury Pilgrims Diet of Spiers, First Reformers Lord of the Manor Cricket Match, Pointer Retriever, Woodcock Spaniel and Pheasant Remember the Sabbath Christ Blessing Children First and Last Appeals Good Doggie, and Dawn Love ' Charles the First The First Whisper Oil i paintings, in gold ovals Prints, In rosewood do Paintings upon metal. The attention of the trade, general dealers, parties furnishing, and others, requiring first-class engraving and pointing, is requested to the above sale of splendid goods, all of which are now on view at the rooms Terms at sale MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. . , On Account of Whom It May Concern. Ex Ocean Eagle Damaged Grey Calicoes. JOSEPH SIMMONS and SON will SELL AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, V joining the Criterion Hotel, on Monday, September 19 at eleven o'clock, On account of whom it may concern, B íc S, Bale No 601. 68 pieces 36-inch grey calico, 87 J J yards. BDS, Bale No 601 20 pieces 72 inch grey calico, 1,01.81 yards. More or less damaged by sea-water. Terms Cash SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. Sale by Order of the Mortgagee. To be Sold by Auction. If not previously disposed of by private contract. III. NELSON Is favoured with instruction from the mortgagee to SELL by AU O Ï10N, a ma rooms, Chapel street, Prahran, on batuiJi, September 20, at an elva o'clock, the following desirable properties lot 1.440 foot frontage to Vine-street, Winds!) near Chapel-street, by a depth of 60 feet, part u Allotment O, Portion 00, parted of Prahran, <.. which a four-roomed weatherboard cottage and stables are erected Lot 2 - 60 acres, in the county of Mornington n, parK of Corinella, Portion 21 I at 8 - 6 acres, In the aunty of Dalhoutlo, per Uni II Carlsruhe, part of Portion 21, touting Head-road THIS DAY. Immigrants' Boxes, to. "XT KINSMAN has received instructions (~ JIN SELL by AUCTION. at the Victoria B, to refuse luggage store, No. 120 FIlndersXetwÄ8* 122 oz" Wharf' on Mind. . 100 atare?*T'b0XM and S.W l8, Uft to the above Sale at ten o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auction... - valuator, Moor-street, Fitzroy. auotloneeraiel THIS DAY. Household Furniture,, Pawnbrokers' Pledges, c, "N KINSMAN is instructed by A. Laing v,." J , Official Assignoe^oSELLbV AUSTEN At his mart, 8 Moor-street, Fitzroy, quantity of miles solo furniture, &c.;, comprising choice wish" Hands, beds, crockery, toIlot-glassoB,ion_ law drawers, cedar tables, oil cloth, iron bedsteads "n paintings, glassware, kitchen utensils. Also a qwnthv cf pawnbrokers' pledges, in clothing. ASS? watches, clocks, boots, He. Sale at two o'clock by N' Kinsman, auctioneer "I "I MONDAY, SEPTEMBER lots" At Two o'clock. Toys. Toys. "VT KINSMAN has received instructions to. IN . BELL to AUCTION, on the price sweet, the stock-in-trade of toys and fancy good riflemen of time no fewer fint/irlntlnn III- TITMUS acute, oil paintings, and variety of other goods Mom or less damaged by fire and water. Sale at two off tyN. Kinsman, auctioneer and agent, 3 Moor-street?' Fitzroy. HMV MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14; At Twelve o'clock. Freehold, Richmond. Kent and Buckingham streets. N KINSMAN has received instructions in SELL by AUCTION, by order of the most . All that piece or parcel of land situate at Hog. money, in the colony of Victoria, and having a double frontage of Suit to Kent-street and LltiK Buckingham-street by a depth of 126ft, Together with A and E A thereof, (Now in the occupy Also, 10 building allotments, Buckingham-street. near Church-street. ' Sale by N. Kinsman, auotloneorandvaluor.8Moor. street, Fitzroy. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14,-" At Eleven o'clock. Freehold and Furniture. KINSMAN has received instructions to \- SELL by AUCTION, on the promises Nos 17 and 18 Wellington-street, Collingwood, on nesday" September 11, at eleven o'clock, " All that valuable property near Victoria-parade being two good brick houses of four rooms each' and two-storied, with a small cottage at the back The land has a frontage of 26ft. to Welllwrtoiw street by 165ft. deep, with a right of-way. Also, The household furniture, consisting of piano Chiffonniere, chairs, carpet, fender and Irons tables, feather bed, chest drawers, dressings tables and washstands, plated ware, kitchen utensils, etc. Sale at eleven o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer. Ac, 8 Moor-street, Fitzroy " SALE by AUCTION. ' . ALL that piece or parcel of LAND, comprising Lots 11, 13, and 13, on plan of subdivision by no Charles Bradshaw, of part of Portion 143, parish of Jika Jika, in the county of Bourke, and colony of Victoria, known as the Newlands Estate, commencing - at a point on the west side of of the North-road 60 links ve ide, distant 6 chains and 68 links south from in junction with the north boundary line of said section, " I landed on the north by Lot 14 on said plan, bearing west from the Bold commencing point to the Tem- Creek 18 chains 50 links on the east by the North-road aforesaid, bearing in a south-westerly direction from Lord commencing point 10 chains on the south by Lot 10, bearing west from said North-road 27 chains to the Merri Creek aforesaid; and on the west by the sail Merri Creek home to the commencing point, liebig 41 series; with two small cottages. The property is beautifully situate on the rising ground, and is nearly or posite the Wheat Sheaf Hotel, Sydney-road, about In a! miles from town. In' ending purchasers will have the land shown by applying at the Wheat Sheaf Hotel. Twenty acres of the land is under the plough, three acre garden, with fruit-trees, So., and the remainder grass land, with the Merri Creek overrunning at one of the boundary lines. Sale at the Wheat Sheaf Hotel, on Tuesday, September 18, at twelve o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer,. who has received instructions from the mortgagee Terms very Liberal. " WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. Two Very Valuable Allotments of Land, Situate in and off Little Bourke street west, Midway Between Queen-street and Elizabeth- street. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others,. Wanting a Safe and Lucrative Investment for their Moneys. BURGE and Co. are instructed by the mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, xv Bacon-street, on Wednesday, September 12, at twelve o'clock, without the slightest reserve, 1\. All that piece or parcel of land, with buildings erected thereon, being portion of Allotment No. 16, of Section 20, having a frontage to Little Bourke-street of 10ft., with a depth (facing a right-of-way 22ft. wide) of 33ft. 9in. 2\. All that piece or parcel of land, with buildings erected thereon, being other portion of the above Allotment No. 16, in Section 20, having 20ft. frontage to the aforesaid right-of-way, with a depth of 60ft. The auctioneers call particular attention to the above snug little property, situated as it is in the very heart of the city, and well worthy of the attention of persons requiring a safe investment. For further particulars inquire of Messrs. Read and Cresswell, solicitors, Collins-street east ; or the auctioneers. Terms Easy. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. In the Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria. Fi. Fa. Between The Colonial Bank, Plaintiff, And John Bleakley, Defendant. NOTICE is hereby given, that the Sheriff for in the colony of Victoria will cause to be SOLD by 1 PUBLIC AUCTION, at the Supreme Court Hotel, LaTrobe-street, Melbourne, on Monday, September 24, at the hour of twelve o'clock noon. Unies a the execution be previously satisfied. The right, title, and interest (if any) of the above named defendant in and to all that piece of land being part of Portion No. 31, In the parBhof Lyndhurst, in the colony of Victoria, commencing on the north side of a road 1 chain wide, reserved out of the said Portion No. 81, distant 15 chains 40 links east from a point in the western boundary line of said portion, which lastmentioned point is distant 27 chains north from the south- west corner of said Portion No. 31, and is bounded on the south by the said reserved road of one chain wide, bearing east 27 chains and 66 links on the east by other part of said portion, being a line bearing north 18 chains on the north by other part of said portion, bearing west 27 chains and 86 links and on the west by other part of Bald portion, bearing south 18 chains to the commencing point. Together with The improvements thereon. _ GEORGE BURNS, Sheriffs Officer. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11. In the Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria. Fl Fa. Between Hugh Glass, Plaintiff ; And James Robertson, Defendant. NOTICE is hereby given, that the Sheriff for re the colony of Victoria will cause to be SOLD by PUBLIC AUCTION, (unless the execution be previously satisfied,) at the Supreme Court Hotel, in Trobe-street, Melbourne, on Thursday, the 11th - day of October, at the hour of twelve o'clock noon, The right, title, and interest (It any) of the above named dot ondant in and to All that piece or parcel of land situate in the parish:. - of Boroondara, in the county of Bourke and colony of Victoria, being part of Portion 119 of the satuV . parish, and containing by estimation twelve acres three roods and six perches, more or less, corn . morning at a point on the north of the Government road, one chain wide, forming the southern' boundary line of the said portion, nine chains - fifty Unka coat from the south-west comer of the said portion and bounded on the west by other e, part of said portion by a line bearing north 15 chains 60 links on the north, partly by a Government road one chain wide, and partly by part of Portion 118 of said parish, being lines bearing east 7 chains 76 links on the east by other part of said Portion Number 110 being a line at right angles to the last-mentioned line bearing south 10 chains 60 links and on the south by the north side of the said first- mentioned Government road, being a line at right angles to the last-mentioned Has . bearing west 7 chains 76 links, home to the room mencing point. And also, all that piece or parcel of land situate in the said parish of Boroondara, - 1 in the county of Bourke, colony of Victoria, being; part of Portion HO of the said parish, OJra mencing at the south east corner or angle of Bali portion, and, bounded on the south by a (Mora- . ment road one chain wide, forming the southern boundary line of the said portion, being a line bearing west 7 chains and 76 links on the west by other part of said portion, being a line .' at right angles to the last line bearing north 15 chains and 60 links on the north by part of Por- tion 118 of said parish, being a line at right angles to the last line bearing east 7 chains and 76 lies' and on the cost by part of Portion 128 of said parish, being a line at right angles to the lad . line bearing south 10 chains and 60 links, bone to the conimonclng-polnt ; together with all houses, &c.; Also, . All that piece or parcel of land, containing by ad- measurement 10 acres, more or less, situate in the county of Bourke, parish of Boroondara, near colony of Victoria, being part of Portion 81, corn in octagon the western boundary of the said portion, at a point distant 4 chains and 7 links south from. - the north-west corner of the said portion, and bounded on the west by a Government road, one chain wide, now known as Barkly-street, In a line bearing further south 4 chains and 7 links, more or loss on the south by other part of the said portion, being a line at right angles with the last line bearing east 21 chains 18 links, more or less on the east by other part of the said portion, being a line at right angles with the last- . line bearing north 8 chains and 14 Unka, more or less on the north by another Government road, one chain wide, known as Cotham or Great Gipps Land road, in a line at right angles with the last line bearing west 8 chains 50 links, more or less : again on the west by other part of the said portion in a line bearing south 4 chains laid . 7 links, more or less and again on the north by other part of the said portion bearing east 17 chains 70 links, more or less, to the commenclng point ; together with all Improvements thereon. Terms cash. and GEORGE BURNS, Sheriffs Offices. 