ABSTRACT OF SALE BY AUCTION THIS DAY. Messrs. J. LYONS and Co.-At thoir rooms, Bourko- *. strcot-Fanoy goods, engravings, combs, &c; Mr. J. BELLIN.-At his rooms, Gortrude-stroot-Fur nlturo and miscellaneous goods. Mr. THOMAS GIBBS.-At premises, CoiliisBtrcot Jewellery, watches, plate, fro Messrs. A. G. M'COMBB and Co.-At Boavor's Mart, Colllns-stroet - Molt, oats,'flour, barley, cur- rants, &c.; , Mr. B. C. LüScc-HflB -At the premisos-Cottago and land, Williams road, Prahran. ' On the ground Allotment, Swan stroot, Richmond. Mr. ALFRED Joy.-At premises. Upper Hawthorne Household f urnlturo. Mr. N. KIJ.SM.AV.-At premises, Brunswlck-stroot Billiard table, furnituro, &o.; On tho ground- n Frceholus East Collingwood. Mcstrs. EDWAIID ROW and Co.-At thoir yards, Bout ko stroet-Storo pigB, Messrs. W. EASBY and Co.-At thoir looms, Collln» blreot-Provisions, sago, flour, Stockholm pitch. chairs, corrugated iron, ' Messrs GEORGE THOMAS and Co.-At Now Dock Palings. Messrs JAMES HENDERSON and Co.-At Kirk's Baz lar -Thoroughbred entire horses Messrs MACKILLOP and COOKE -At promises, Colins- l Btreet,east-praneiy, woollens, slops, &c.; ¡T McEsts. GEEIO and MURRAY.-At Railway Platform. Flinders-stroot-Scotch oats, damaged. Messrs. M'CAW and ANOTHER.-At Royal Horss Bazaar-Draught colts. Mr. S. BOTTOMLEY.-At Coleman and Company's room Elizabeth street-Land at Brunswick, St. Kilda. Footscray, and Braybrook. i r. JAMES PRINCE.-At ground-Cottages and land, at Northcote. »? ?alas by Anetion, AUCTIONEER'S TiOTIOE To /.ouBohoIdors about to li ave the Colony, an i OtbMs. JAMES WADE, of Wade and Gowan, having completed arrangements for tho Bale of furnituro Ac, In addition to his proscnt auction business, is now I teparod to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at pri M.to residences, on tho usual tor me, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE Ard othor effects, whiib. persons may ontruBt to him tor disposai. Ills partner. J, D. Gowan, will give his personal st entfon to the allotting, cataloguing, and carrying out of tho neco2sary preliminaries, in Buch a manner KB will relie- the sollors of all trouble and ensuro to them the - (teales. JA S WADE, of Wade and Gowan, 80 Collins-street, Drapory and Furnituro Auctioneer. " TUESDAY, MARCH 0. Draperj. Drapery, Slops, &c.; To bo Sold Without Reservo. To Drapers, Outfitters, Country Storekeepers, Dealers, and Others. T WADE, of Wade and Gowan, has boen U m) . structed to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their mart, 80 Collins-stroot cast, on Tuesday, March Tho following assortment of goods, to bo sold with- out roservo : Blond and Cambray soufllo falls LodieB' silk mantles and Jackets 7aioy bonnet ribbons Printed muslin dresses Pongee silk handkerchiefs, hemtnod Fino twill do Coloured silk tasBCls Boys' straw hats Women's brown do do 36 and l8 white and black hair orinolino Cricketing flannel Goan omer Watered silks Stair damask Gentlemen's gra Hen's drab Bedford cord trousers Do drab and white felt hats Do silk and tweed vests Do tweed and doo trousers. To bo sold without reserve. _Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. *" ' Ex White Jackot and Groat Britain. To Dealers, Fancy Warehousemen, and Othori. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, , at their mort, Bourke-stroot, on Monday, i i.ich 6, at eleven o'clock, A large quantity of now fanoy goods, &e.;, just J. 11 ed, consistirg of, viz. : Gotbio paper tra] s, assorted Elegant papier-macho inlaid work-tables Japanned tea-traj s, assorted Convex walters and oval baskets G. S. sugar lifters, sanco and soup ladies Fleco and other whistles and dominoes Assorted hair, cloth, and shoo brushes Ivorj-handlcd penholders, razor strops Stained dressing, side, rack, and back combs Do assorted braid combs Shaving-boxos and polished oral pencils Assorted chess, cribbago, and backgammon b ards Plated dinner and dessert forks Do spoons, assorted Dollond's da) and night glasses Perspective glasses, assorted Watches for portraits, signet-rings, ¿se. Spar necklaces ¿gate and pearl do Ivory toothcomba Eyeglasses and spectacles, assorted 'lootil, shaving, and hair brushes Chamois skins Elastic purses and portcmonnaies Round and fancy Geneva lockets, &c.; Also, 8 cases engravings, favorite subjects. Terms-Cash. THIS DA Y. £up. Ivory Tooth-Combs, Fine Dressers, and Saloon Matches. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, s at -their mart, Bourko-strcot, on Monday, March 6,' at eleven o'clock, 1 case sup. une ivory tooth combs - 1 do do, 6, 7, 7}, and 8 inch drossers 6 do 25 gross saloon mateheB, 260. In lots to suit purchasers. Terms-CaBh. ' WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7. Positive and Unreserved Sale of tho Remaining Unsold Stock-in-Trado of a Wholcsalo Ironmonger Retiring from Business. J LYONS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, , at their mart, Bourke-stroet, on Wednesday, Darch 7, at eleven o'clock, The follow Ing gooda, removed to the rooms of the < nctioncers for tho convenience of sale, viz. : B H, in diamond, 2 cuscfl patent assorted wood screws 6 wrought-iron fironroof safes, assorted sizes 2 cases best charcoal flemish tacks 2 do superior silver-mounted brougham and car- riage lamps 2 do patent brass screws 10 do, 6 x 6 x 4 x 6 Iron tent-bedsteads. After which, lease best G S tablespoons 1 do do dessert do 1 do do table forks 1 do do teaspoons. Also, A large quantity of Welch hobnails, brass bushod tumbler padlocks, axo and pick handles, stono hammers, enamelled mllk-pails, Italian irons and heaters, splitting knives, coalscuttles, coffee mills, boxwood four-fold rules, japanned, water jugs, anti corrosive patent inkstands, coachmakors' headings, brass tablo and other candloatlckB, japanned boxes, &o.; Terms-Cash._ **" THIS DAY. Household Furnituro and Miscellaneous Goods, J BELLIN will hold his usual weekly SALE s by AUOTION, at tho Fitzroy Auction Mart, VU Gertrude-street, on Monday, March 5, at two o'clock, A quantity of useful household f urnlturo and mls ccuaneous goods, consisting of Four-post iron canopy bedstead, two Iron do, one wooden French do, cedar table, two deal do, pallhuso, hair and straw mattrossos, feather pUlowB, mahogany wardrobe, meatBafo, cedar and kitchen chairs, halr-soatcd do. Immigrants' boxes and contents, &c.; No reserve. J. Bellin, auctloneor, money-broker, &c;_ ? THURSDAY, MARCH 8. To Capitalists, Speculators, and Others. Positive Sale of Valuable Corner Allotment in Smith Btroet, Fitzroy, Near Victoria-parade. J BELLIN has been instructed to OFFER for . positivo SALE by AUOTION, on the ground, on Thursday, March, 8, at ono o'clock, AU that valuable corner allotment having 80 foot frontage to Smith-stroot, near Victoria parade, by a depth of 180 feet along Little Victoria-Btreet, with right of-way bohind, on which is orected, on stone foundation, a substantial iron building, 60 feotdeep, comprising store and house of six rooms. Also, An iron stablo, fowlhouse, «Sx., at tho back of the ground. This being for positive solo, offers a good opportu- nity for purchasing a property In the vicinity or Vic- toria parade, at a prlco that mvat eventually yield a S°TcrmB-One-third cash; balance, throe, six,and nine months', at iaterest. / , Title good. J. Bellin, auctioneer and money broker, Fitzroy Auclion Mart, 68 Gcrtrude.street. - Parties having furniture and merohandiso for dia- ne» al will meet with every facility for displaying and felling at the Auction Mart. Weekly Bale ovory Mon c'qy at twelve o'clock._ -1 THIS »AY. " Jewellery. Watches. Plato. MB THOMAS GIBBS has received instruc- tions from the trustees of the eatato of David n«nry. watchmaker and Jeweller, to SELL, on the »remises, 81 OollinB Btreot east, on Monday, March %. at twelve o'clock, without reserve, ' She whole valuable stock of the above establish irtnt. consisting chiefly of- ' Firet-class gold and »liver bunting and opon-foced chronometer and lever watches, London mado ; also a few very superior Geneva watches, Ano aiSU » JDW »«»J B.^WI« WV..».».- "*.--", gold guards and alberts, a variety of hand- some patterns, pure colonial gold ladies* and gentlemen's ringa and koepers, handsomely chased and engtaved; earrings, bracelets, studs, eloovc-buttons, lockets, watch-koys. and breast- plO". necklaces pencils, wedding rings, &0- " Also, A '01116 assortment of "clocks, diamond Jewol Ury^ owrMlojisea, silver spoons and forks of Ti B. Ingerto guarantee the watchos, the trustees . *. TS.^Si theTBervlces of a very experienced I alcbmakTwbo hSIorved upwards of 20 yearn £?»^ Dent 01 SüMd, London, wfa^guarantee the Als purchased 3 this establishment for 1? "Äot the second «vU«d ?. P«jarrangement. ?"' By order of tbo trustees. p. Jones accountant, 74 Chancery-Ian», WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7. * X, J Ootngbn House r y " ' "'A Mort Convenient Family Hctidonc« "? Prospect hill, Kow ' By Order of the Propi ie' 01, Captain Sinclair With about Three Acres .of Land E STUBBS v,ill SELL by PUBLIC AUG. _TION, at his rooms, Queen street, on Wednes iCMarch 7, at twche ocloek i recisely, All tho abovo *>\collentr family residence and pro mlscsatKow. than which perhaps, no situation has been held) in highor estimation Tho House has swallow od up au immonso quantity of build- ing materials independent of the corresponding outlay expended on woll built premises The Verandah is six feet wide, with pilasters, cornices, ite , drawingroom. l8 x 20, diningroom, 14 x 10, pantry attacl til two suporior bedrooms, 14 x 10, two bei rooms 10 x 12-forming a complote tuito on ono side of tho house for tho comfort of tho female part of the family, tho principal room being fitted w ith permanent vi ardrobes, &o; The kitchen, althiu(,li detachod, i- connoctod w ita, the house by a covored passago, It is 14 x r» an! tho wat«, pure and abundai t, la laid into it from tho tank In lact, tho property is of that description for \\\ hith Mr Stubbs has boon applied to by several hea Is c I families lately, and it adjoins tho rcsldcnco of Mr "Bry ant, Head Master of the National School, and the u nrketgardens of Mr Rattan TermB, Liboral, at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7 "To Hotclkccpers, Publicans, Wine and Spilit Mor chants, Exporters, and Others Brandy and Rum MB STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIÖ AUC- TION, at tho mart, Queen street, on Wcilnos at y, March 7, at twelve o'clock, 880 cases, each 1 dozen, cognac SOO do do do, Vieux do 14 hhds brandy 0 do « est India rum Rent paid up to day of salo FRIDAY, MARCH 0 Gorman lano, Near Lonsdalo-stroet East, With Two Rights of M ay B STUBBS is instructed to SELL by PUB- LIC AUCTION, on tho premises, on Friday, 'arch 0, at tweh e o clock preolsoly, consequonco of Mr Gormau's doparturo for old Ireland ) All that ellgiblo plcco or parcel of land, situate in Gorman lano, hat ing 62 foot frontngo thereto by 64 feot in depth with all tho buildings orcctod thereon, and to go to the highest bidder After which, A valuablo draught horse and lmrnoss And All tho housohold furnlturo &c; Torms-Cash MONDAY, MARCH 12 Ex Qertrudo Earthenwaro, Ohlnawaro A Superior Shipment of the Well 1 nown DPB Brand Mt STUBBS will SELL by PUBLIC AUC- TION, at tho rooms,' Quoon Btreet on Monday, 12, at tw elvo o clock, 82 crates and hhd of superior ware Full particulars in a futuro ad\ ort isomont TUESDAY, MARCH 13 Elegant Drawingroom Diningroom, and othct Fund turo, Pianoforte, Oarrlagoi, Horcos, le B STUBBS is instructed by B, Edwards, Esq (previously to lils departure for Sydnoy ) ÎÔ'SELL by PUBI IO AUCTION, at his rosldonco, opposito the Rev Mr 1 [etcher s Chapel, Alma road, St Kilda, on Tuesday, March 13, Tho wholo of the elegant drawingroom, diningroom, bedroom, and o her Mluablo lurnituro, carriages, horses, and tther effects Particulars of which will be fully git en ill caUloguoi to bo had at the rooms To Let, The Houso, repleto with every comfort Early sppli entiontoMr Stubb«, roomB Queen Btreet TUESDAY, MARCH 13 Howard street, North Melbourne, In a lill cot lino with William street Two Brick built Hoiisos and a A cry neat Wooden Houso, Building Land lb wholo adjoining Mr M Gcogh s Wino and Spirit Store, and opposite to Mr hwannio s North Melbourno Hotel MB STUBBS is instructed to SELL tho abo\ o property by PUBLIOAUOTION, on tho promis-s onluosdny, March 13 sale at twolvo o clock prccisoly For tho accommoditlon of the rising man of busl ness mechanics, and others, tho property will bo sol I in ono lot -No 1 is a brick house, situated at tho cornel of Howard street and right of way, and conipii«n shop parlour two bedrooms abovo, and kitchen I B the forogoing, also brick built, with low and two above Lo o is i loodeu cottago, adjoining tho shop "Lot 4 is the building plot 23 foot frontage, adjoin WE tho wino and spirit storo of Mr M Goofch "Note -In this Bale tho public aro not constrained to lelleve mero than they can seo any day thoy choo o Tho immonso rapidity which has whirled Noith Mel bourne into reputo and notoriety unparalleled, ills cot ers al the same time its ropundancy of populati n nhd its sanitary adtantages moro and moro overy day High olovated nnd open, and with cosy terms of pay inent, it present i to tho spooulator, builder, and no v comer, sound i casons for purchasing Tillo Guaranteed THURSDAY, MARCH 15 Farm Hill Estate, Stoolo s Ponds Essendon By Older of the Mortgigco To Squatters requiting a nice little Metropolitan Farm, as a resting placo for fat cattle , or a prie tical agriculturist anxious for such a property near the city, for cultivation MB STUBBS begs respectfully to mike known to capitaliste resident both in townu-id country who m y be desirous of Keeunng a really genuino homestead and farm in aliighstato ofcultl vation, that ho lias been Instructed by the mortgagee to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at lils rooms, Qaoou street, on Ihuisdny, Milich 15, at tweho oclock, Hist magnificent homestead o tate known as \- ¡ Farm Hill, Essendon, thnn which thoro cannot possibly be found a moro highly prodn Hie mid lucatUo pr porty inthisanl adjacont neighbourhood The soil is good, and tho situation all that can be desiied, And, lu wealthy tonnnt f irmers this onportunity of,pur chasing should nt least awaken and excito no slight feeling of interest considering tho real ecarclyof really good agricultural property so closely connected with tho metí onolis, affording as it does an oipor tunity, ata medente outlay, for their becoming pro- prietors, and n Mug themsolves at once to an oquility with their i ¡elim mLrhbours, tho terms of payment linteury f-dlity litio Guaranteed THURSDAY, MARCH 15. Positively to be Sold. By Order or the Mortgagee. Spring Vale Farm, of 187 Acres, all fenced In, With the North Pole Publichouse, Erected thereon, And about 3,000 Feet Frontage to the Keilor road. Destined in time to become the centre of a large town. MR STUBBS is instructed to call the atten- tion of moneyed men, farmers, and others to the absolute SAIL of the above property, at the rooms, Queen street, on Thursday, March 15, at twelve o'clock precisely. N.B. -Of any property ever offered about the neigh- bourhood of Essendon or the Keilor road, perhaps there never was yet presented such a prospect of realising a fortune sooner or later, than the one now advertised for public competition. Capital can never be better laid out than in what is already returnable in good rental like this, independent of the village capabilities of the property for future subdivision and profit. It Is situated at the corner of the Keilor and Essen- don roads having about 3,000 feet frontage to the former, and about the same to the latter, more or less The whole well enclosed, and comprising 183 acres, in two separate paddocks. The soil is rich, the country undulating, scenery magnificent, and the approach by great Keilor road. Nearest neighbours-P. Phelan, Esq., W. Hoffman, Esq , and other gentlemen. Terms liberal. Tillo, Grant from Crown. THURSDAY, MAROH 36 To City Men of Money lotitivoSale By Order of tho Mortgagee Molbourno Proper Property M'Killop street, betweon Bourko stroct and LIU o Collins-street, near M Caw and Co 's Hrrso and Car riago Bazaar, with an Incomo of £160 per annum TV/TB STUBBS is instructed by the agent of 1VI the mortgagco to SELL by PUBLIC AUC _1UN, at the rooms, Queen street, on Thursday, March 16, at tw elvo o clock precisely, AU thoso the very ollgiblo brick built house andjprc miscs now occupied by J Whiteman, Esq , at a ~ rental of £160 per annum, situate as above thoa tionod. 1 urther particulars of which will appear in a future newspaper TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY, MAROH 20 and1 21 _. Preliminary Announcement j To the Gontry and other Inhabitants of Evelyn, Heidelberg, Preston the Plonty road, Northcote, Bulleen, Pentridge, ¿to At Howard Vale, Just behind Preston ' TE STUBBS notifies inBtructionB rooeivod from F W Howard, Esq to BELL byfPUBLIO AUCTION, on tho oatate, Plenty road (previous t» his departure for England), on Tuosdoy and Wodne-s day" March 20 and 21, sale to cera-nene* at twel*o o'clock precisely each day, ... The wholo of that gontlomon's elegant drawing room, diningroom, bedroom, and other yalu able household furniture and cflccts, htjrses and other farming stock, pigs, agricultural \- imnlomonts, hay, barley, _e Full particulars of which will appear in catalogue* '"A"TÍK rtock include, tboproprictoi' v el,known carriage horses Prince and Grimaldl-tho furner Mr Howard'« handsome and well trained thai ger Also, , A powerful draught maro Bell, four years old; and to fool to Huggett, draught horso Punch, Mack harness maro Kate, with foal at fpot, groy filly, threo years old, and a brown colt, By WllBon's Clyde, rising two, &c; Term'- Cash íé THIS DAY. To Corn Dcolors, Provision Merchants, and Othois A G. M'OOMBE and Co. will SELL by AUO ?**. -TIOîi' at Mr- Boavcr's Mart, CoUins-stroot, on Mondaj, March 6, at devon o'clock, .,. Malt "Oats Flour Darloy, ice. Terms at S ale.* THIS DAY. .To Grocers, Country Storokoopers, and Others. '* ÍA G. M'COMBE and Co will SELL by AUO Tj\ . MON, at Mr. Boavtr's Mart, on Monday, March 5, at eleven o'clock, 60 barrols currants. A Uno parcel and lately landed, j Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. ' . ~ Io Grain Merchants, Livory-stable Keepers, and I " ,> Others. 1 Unrosorved Salo of I flOO Bushels (Moro or Loss) Californian Barloy I I On Account of Whom it May Concern J G. M'OOMBE and Co. will SELL by AUU- d J\m TION, at Mr. Beaver's Mart, Collins-stroot I west, on Monday, March 6, at elovon o'clock. 8.0D0 bushels (moro or less) Californian barloy. To be Bold for account and at risk of whom it may "" concern. \ Without rosorvo. Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7. Prior to Sale of Cataloguo Furniture, Ac To Furnituro Dealers, Country Storekcopors. Shippers _ to the Colonies, and Othors. i * 160 Oases of American Chairs. "BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will SELL by 'JO AUOTION, at thoir rooms, 88 and 40 Collina street, on Wednesday, March 7, at elovon o'clock, . ; 60 casos Baltlmoro wood chairs , 40 do extra do do 10 do roso As tor cano seat do \- 10 do Washirgtondodo , í 5 do wood oftlco do Wood and cano scat rockers Pine leaf tables. J_To bo Sold to ClOBO Consignments. WEDNESDAY, MAROU 7. To Parties rurnlshlng, Furnltuio Doalors, and Othors. Wookly Catalogue Salo of ~ Now and Secondhand Furnituro, and . Miscellaneous Goode, BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS will hold thoir usual wookly cataloguo SALE by AUOTION, at weir rooms, 88 and 40 Collins street east, on Wednes- day, Varch 7, at twolvo o'clock, ; i. onslstlng of n large quantity of secondhand furni- ture nndhousohold effects, removed to their rooms fcr eonvonlonco of salo ( Vory handsome four-post Iron tubular bedstead ' Horsehair mattress, and paillasses to fit Brown's patont mahogany chairs, covered In morocco f Easy-chair in morocco, horsohair soatod sofas Cedar stuffed chairs, loo and other tables \- HandBorao mahogany and Huon pino wlmred "¡r wardroboB, chests of draw ors, iron bodstoads and bedding, oommodos, cane scat chairs, woshstands and toilotvi&ro;, tollot tables ( Also, Dinner and toa sorvico», decanters, and glass» tie American stove and fittings . . A quantity of useful kitchen utensils, butllttlo ' " UBed 1 secondhand rosowood planoforto \- 1 do mahogany do 1 do do, squat c , Cata'ogues to bo liad at tho rooms of the auctioneers on Tuesday. N.B -Beauchamp Brothers hold a sale of this de- scription ovory Wednesday Partios having furnltuio and miscellaneous goods to disposa of will plcaio Bend particulars to tho auctioneers not later than Monday, to Insure their being inserted In the cataloguo. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7. To Gontlcmcn Forming a Library, Booksellois, Librralans, and Others, Magnificent and Choleo Collection of Books. Standard Works. BEAUCHAMP BROTHERS have reooived instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at thole rooms, 88 and 40 Collins streot east, on Wednosjay, March 7, at ono o'clock, ¡TThe property of a gontleman who is gtv mg up ^ housokoeplng, 100volumes of eholco and valuable works, com- prising among others, Gibbon's Roman Empiro, Thlors's History of w Franco Illustrated Glossary of Practical Architocturo, A.c. Tho Art Journal, in 10 volumes, Antiquities of Scotland Vernon Gallery, 2 vols, Catlln's North Amortan Indians Homo's Lifo of Napoleon, Smollett's Worl.F, Book of tho Farm Domestic Architecture of the Middle Ages Boswoll's Life of Johnson, the Great Civil War Fielding's Works, Illustrated Magazlno Works of Charles Lamb, London's Encj clopos lia Lifo and Times of Oliver Goldsmith Horodotus, translated from the Gioek with notes and life of tho author, Sterne's Works Histor} of England, by Humo and Smollett. ThCBO books aro as good as now, and well w ortliv the attention of gentlemen in search of stan lard works. Terms at Sale. THURSDAY, MARCH 8 Without Rosorvo. ti For the Benefit of Whom it May Concern. 25 Tons Morowood's »nd Tupper's Best GaHanised Corrugated Iron. Ex Lightning and King of Algeria Slightly Damaged by Salt Water. To Builders, Ironmongers, and Partios Requiring \- Roofing or Foncing Material. TJEAUCHAMP BROTHERS hnvo received I) instructions from tho importors to SELL by AUOTION, at their room«, 88 nnd 40 Co'lms itroec erst, on Thursday, March 8, at olovon o'clock, Tho undermentioned superior shipment >f More wood's and Tupper's best galvanised coirugvcJ iron, in all aDout 25 lons, damsgod by sea water, Bl) - Ex Lightning, Tupper'B, all 20 gauge. \- 214 sheets, 4ft ; 8 shoots, 4ft. Oin. 68 do, 6ft. ; 180 do, 7ft * 76 do, 8ft. Tupper's, all 28 gaugo. ' 188 shoots, 4ft. ; 240 sheets, 6ft. 105 do, 6ft. Oin. ; l8 do, 0ft Ex King of Algeria. Morowood's, all 24 gauge. ._ 90 Bhects, 6ft Oin ; 228 shoots, 6ft. ; 60 do, 0ft Oin. ; 148 do, 7ft. i. 10 do, 7ft. Oin. ; 280 do, 8ft. . Morowood's, 20 gauge \- 161 shcots, 6ft. ; 52 BhcotB, 6ft. Oin. , 164 do, 6ft. Tupper's, 24 gaugo. J S sheets, 6ft. ; 108 shoots, 8ft i Tupper's, 20 gauge. 181 sheets, 0ft ; 12 sheets, 7ft. 186 do, 8ft. Also, Ex King of Algeria, 2 pairs blacksmiths' bellows, each 20, 84, 30. ' Damaged by soa wator. Terms-cash. i . Without Roson o. i THURSDAY, MARCH 8. Tyrone Cottage, Watoiloo Btrcot. First Turning on the RlghUhand S'do Past tho Alma road, Off tho Brighton road, St Kilda. To Partios rurnisbing, Furniture Dealers, and Othori Household Furniture. Magnificent Mahogany Wlngod Wardrobo, by Brown, ' of Glasgow. "DEAUOHAMP BROTHERS have roooived 1*1 instructions from tho proprietor to SELL ii/ AUCTION, at the ebovc address, on Thunday, March 8, at tv. elvo o'clock, His suporlor household furniture, consisting of-' ' Splendid mahogany winged wardrobo, manufac- tured by Brown, of Glasgow Iron bedstead and bedding, washstand and sor- vico, tol'ot tablo, cane Beat chairs, £,c. DinlHgroom and parlour furnituro Brown's patent mahogany chairs, in hair seating Superior mahogany hair seated sofa Mahogany ooBy-chair, work-tablo Boxwood loo tablo and cover, cedar polished » bookcases ,., . ~.^." Pier {.lass and ongravings,"carpdt andJBaSrthrug,, " Handsome mahogany sideboard " \- Fonder and flroirons, bair soatod couch ' Mahogany office desk, clock and ornaments. To bo Sold Without Rosorvo. THIS DAY. Sale of a Thrco-room Oottago and Land, In Williams road, Prahran. "T> C. LUSCOMBE will SELL by AUCTION, JL\i» on the ground, on Monday, Marche, nttno o'clock precisely, Land, having a frontage of 82 feet to Williams ' road, by a depth of 118 foot, and having a aub ' Btantlally built three roomed W. B. c'ttago, erected thereon, situate opposito Murray Rosa's Paddock, and commanding a magnificent view of the Bay. Tho whole to bo sold without the slightest ro-crvo. Title unexceptionable. Terms, liberal, to bo declared at limo of sale. For furthor particulars apply at the auctioneer's office, 89 Swanaton-streot THIS DAY. Unreserved Salo o! a Capital Building Allotment in the most Important Part of Richmond. R-C. LUSCOMBE has beeu favoured with . Instructions to SELL by AUOTION, on the ground, on Monday, March 6, at twelvo o'clock pre 01 An allotment of land, having a frontage of 27 fort Sin, to Swan-street, Richmond, by a depth of 109 \- feet, being a short distance from tho Swan Hotel, ,' andclosototho Suburban Railway, " The auctioneer would wish to call tho eapeclal atten- tion of all parties engaged on tho railway works an« the public generally to this important suburban Bit», »nd, at tho same time, inform them that it must bj iola without resorvo. Titlo first-class \- - Terms, liberal, to bo declared at tuno of Bale. For further particulars apply at the auctioneer's office, 89 Swanston- ntroct._'? THIS DAY. Upper Hawthorne. Sale of Household Furnituro. A LFRED JOY is instructed by Alexander f\ Laine, Esq., official ossslgneo in tho catato of ¿fAlam Tilley, to SELL by AUOTION, on tho pro niir-cs situated In tho Hawthorne-road, immediately oniosite the paddock, belonging to Michael Lynch, isa., on Monday, March 6, at twelvo o'clock, A quantity of excellent household fomlturo, oin tiEt Ûables. choirs, carpets, brass and other bedsteads, bedding, oak wardrobo, washstands and waro, carpets, plated waro, American stove,klt:hou Utensils, Ac. Terms-Cash. I TUESDAY, MARCHS. To Cornfaotors, Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. 4,000 Bushels Danish Oats. I 80 Tons Patna Rico. Without Reserve. C1 YMONS and PERRY have received instruo KJ tions 10.SELL by AUCTION, at their room*. Collins street, on Tuesday, March 6, at t)vvolvo o'clock, 4,000 bushels Danish oats 30 tons Patna rioev - - * 2^oto-No reserve. ,,_ 1 orms at Salo. ¡' TUESDAY, MARCH 0. To Clota Accounts, i OYMONBond PERRY aro instructed to SELL k_> Dy AUCTION, at tholr rooms, Collina Btreet. cn Tuesday, March 0, at twelve o'clock, 00 barrels Patt as currants k 20 octnv es Madeira. I_ Terms at Sale. ? " . " _ TUESDAY, MAROH fl. To Hotolkocpers, Storekeepers, Dealers, andOthors. 1 Ou "lids. Bai-s's No. 8 Burton Ale. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC TION, at their rooms, Collins street, on Tues- day, March tt, at tw elvo o'clock, 100 hhds. Bass's No". S Burton ale. In splondid condition. Torms at Sale. TUESDAY, MAROH 0. 16 Chests Tea, OK Clara Novollo, No. 6, 10 Half-Chests Do, Do, No 3. On Account of tho Former Purchasers. o YMONS and PERRY have receivod instruo O tiona to SELL by AUCTION, on account and risk or the forniorpuKhascri, Messrs. Learmonth and Co , at their rooms, Oollins-stiect, onTuetdoy, March C, at twelvo o clock, 15 chests tea, ox Clara Novollo, No. 5 10 half chests do do, No. 8 Sold at tho risk of former purchasers. Terms-CaBh. TUESDAY, MARCH 0. fliroo Cases Oonuino Rogollas To Toi acconists, Btorekoopors, nnd Others. SYMONS nnd PERRY havo îeeeived instruc _ tions t i SELL by AUCTION, at their roonw. Collins stn 11, on lursAiy, March C, at twelve o'clock, 3 oa«es "enuino Havannah rogalias. Torms at Salo. TUESDAY, MARCH 0. 'lo iMirsorymcn, Seedsmon, and Otliors Red mid Wliito Clover and Lucerno Seed. SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at thoir rooms, Collins streot, on Tuesday, M.jrch 0, at twelvo o'clock, 2 casks, each 5owt, fine red clover 2 do, do 6owt, wliito do 4 do, do 5cw t, lucerno. Tel ma at Salo. , TUESDAY, MAROH 0. , Olcaring out Salo. Ol'nicii's Stores, Toa, Sugar, Oats, Fruits. Spirits, c\,c. To Grocers, Storokeopers, and Others. :Ü YMONS and PERRY have received iustrue CJ tiona from tho Importer to SELL by AUC- TION, at their rooms, Collius street, on Tuesday, Mareil 0, ut twoh o o'clock, 180 cases Batty'» bottled fruits, oach 2 dozen 1 60 do iib. mustard, each U dozen _ SO do Harvey's bauer, do 4 do bO do assorted sauces, dodo 40 do Lazcnby's pint pickles . i 10 do Hatty's do v 48 boxes toa ' 14 bam white China sugar l8 du brown do do S4 do China sugar, slightly damagod OS do Thornton's black oats ' 17 do M'Mullen'B do l8 cases currants 21 boxoi Capo raisins IOS do muccaronl 2 coses A ormlcolli 2 casks tapioca 2cwt. cut {singlas'), in lib. and Jib. tins 11 canes Column's starch 100 kegs haricot beans. ' 25 bags colfeo 2 cases Fronch wax vostas Also 300 caces Champagne Co.'s brandy 70 Imitation Otaid's do 88 ca cr claret 7ca--ksbuUllng-wax. To cloar out. No reservo. Terms-Cash. TUESDAY, MARCn 0. ) To Tobacconists and Others SYMONS and PERRY will SELL by AUC- TION, at tholr rooms, Colllns-streot, on Tues- day, M arch 0, at twelve o'clock, i),C0O No. 2 Manilla cheroots, primo quality mil two j cars old 00,000 No, 4 Manilla cigars, in boxes of 530 ench. Torma at Sale. TUESDAY, MARCH 0. 84 Barróla French Flout. To Millers, Storokeopers, Bakers, and Others. SYMONS and PERRY have recoived ¡nstiuc tioni from tho importer» to SELL by AUOlluN, at their rooms, Oollins-sti oat, on Tuesday, Mai eli 0, at twcl\ o o clock, 84 barrels Ficncli flour. Torms at Sale. TUESDAY, MAROU 0. 21) Butts Pine Palo Sherry. To Wino und Spirit Merchants, blorokcopois, and Others. GJYMONS and (PERRY ore instructed by the j_) importers to SELL, by AUCTION, at their room», Cullins street, on Tuoi-day, March 0, at tweho o'clock, 20 hills very fino palo sherry, in lihdi. and iiuui ter casks. To be bold to closo accounts. Terms at Salo. TUESDAY, MARCH 0. , 1,110 Bags Fino Counter Bugara. 830 Do. Superior Ration Do. 300 Do. Do. To Grocer-", Storekeepers, and Otilen. SYMONS and PERRY have received instruis, tions to SELr, by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins-street, on Tuesday, March I), at twelve o'clock, 5 1,110 bags fluo grainy countor sugar ' SCO do superior ration do ,>cO do do. Terms at Salo._ TUESDAY, MARCH 13 Queenscliff. ?\ rlunblo Allotment and Cottages at Queenscliff . By Order of tho Mortgagee. _ To Pni lies looking out for a Marino Jlcsldonco, Speculatom, and Othcis CJ YMONS and PERRY have received instruc O lions fiom the mortgngeo to SELL by AUC- TION, at tlulr íúonii, Collius stroot west, onTncsd ly, March 1J, (it Uclvo o'clock, All that pieco or parcel of land, containing by ad- measurement 2 roods, inoro or less, situated In , tho town c1 Qnoeiiselill, parish of Paywit, county ni Giant, being allotment 6 of section ID, and bounded on Hie cast by allotmont 1, bearing north 16 degrees cc&t; 2 chaiiiB, on the north by a Uno ' 1 ealing north 76 diiroes west 2 chaiiiB CD links ; mi tho wot by Sivanston-iitrcot, bearing south 15 degrees nott 2 chains; and on tho south by part «if allotment 3, boarlng south 76 degrees cast 2 ? hains CO links; un which aro erected two neat wooden cottage*, containing each four rooms. Hie piopt i ty is delightfully situated at the corner of Nicholson-street, and near to A damson's and Lchy's hotels It has ii beautiful view of tho Bay, and alto gethei ono oi tho nicest situations m Ulla rapidly increasing locality. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MAROH 7. 400 Casks Curtis and Haivoy's Blasting Powder. SÏMONS and PERRY havo received hutruo tlons to SELL by AUCTION, at their room6, Colhne-strout, on Wednesday, March 7, at twelvo o'clock, 200 casks Curtis and Ilarvoy's blasting powder, in ". the Mftga¿,iio ~ 2C0 do do, lu tho Hulk. " ? -j, Hendy fi>r dolivery, ? \ Terms at Sale. . * WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7. Boi ts and Shoes. At the Stores of Messrs. Milcä and Co., 07 Fliiidcis lano wost. 150 Trunks of Seasonable Booti and Shoe». To the Boot and Shoe Ti ado, Up-country Storekeepers, and Others. Q y MONS and PERRY aro instructed by tho IO in.poiters, Mcssia. Miles and Co., to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, at their store«, 07 Fllnders-lano ii ctt, on Wei'iiutdny, March 7, at twelve o'clock. If 0 trunks of llml-class seasonable boots and flhocs, manufacturai by Johnson, Gilman, and Co , Clarke, Waterman, i". U Ellcy, Ac, aud comprising Men's ano) bluchers Do strong do, rough sprigged 1)0 long wellingtons Do best calf do Dodo short do i Do kid leg and patent calf eldo springs: 1 Do moinel stout do " Do watcrtights, various qualities \- Do carpet slippers Do grain napoleons, lipped and sprigged Women's kid side spring welt boots Do casbmero boots, to lace Do cloth do, patent goloshed laco, clastic, and button "_ Do cordovan boots Do kid and momcl talmorals Do enamelled seal wolt mitre shoes , Girls' coi do v an boots, 0-0 and 10-18 , Do do balmoral! do Do cloth button boots, do \- Do memel goloshed do, do Do cashmere button do, do Children's enamel'cd soal strap «hoes, 2-5 and 6-9 Do patent calf drCBS do, do Do do coloured do, do, ; < No reserve. _ Torms, Liberal, at Salo, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21. 1 Preliminary Notice. SYMONS and PERRY have recoived instruc ?l tionB from Messrs, Gill, Fowler, and Co. to SELL j »j AUCTION, at their stores,. Littlo Collins-street ' w ert, on Weduosday, Mardi 81, at eleven o'clock, To close partnership accounts, -And account sales, An extensive assortment of general morchandlso, Ironmongery, saddlery, coachmakers' mate- rials, ftc. , , Hie whole of which »re for positive salo. t particulars will appear in future advertise« and tatahgncsaio now propsting. Terror at S.elc. í! PRELIMINARY NOTICE. In the Insolvent Estate of Albert Edolman. By Order of tho Ofliclal Assignee, E. Courtney, Esq. BASER and COHEN have received instrao ? ? tiona from E Oourtnoy, Esq, Official AfBlgnoo in tho ostate of A. Edolman, to Sh-LL by AUOTION, In a fow days,-due notice of which will bo glvon, The following froehold add leasehold properties : ,-. Froohold. Steam flour-mill in Lonsdalo-streot,,opposite > tho Hospital, latoly occupied by Ramsden and White,v at present untonanted ; reeontly robullt, and In good working order. An iron Btoro, occupied as a furnituro factory, and brick stables, ia Lonsdalo-streot cost, opposite tho Arcade Two cottages in Fawknorstreet, St. Kilda, known OB Minnlccottages, near tho Beach. Turin Cottage, Waterloo street, Brighton-road. Trio hotiso has a frontago of 60 feot by a depth of 180 " feet. Attached aro stables and coach-house, an 1 good garden running hito Argylo-streot. Leasehold. Two brick-built stores, comorof Flinders lana au! Swanston atreot (Nos. S and 4 Swaiistoii-strcot), hold on lease for nino years unexplrod, at tho lo r ground-rout of £40 por annum. Those stores Eave been recently built, and aro beth unos oupied. T For particulars as to tltlo apply to Messrs. Bronck horst and Palmor, solicitors. Terms and further particulars In future issue. TUESDAY, MARCH 0. 807 Boxes Sago. To Grocers and Othors. Î ARASER and COHEN have received instruo ? tlons to SELL by AUOTION, at their rooms,, llins stroot, on Taosday, March 6, at eleven o'clock, 807 boxes togo. Torms nt Silo. TUESDAY, MARCH 0. 82Hhd. Sherry. > 120 CIEOS Do. To Wine and Spirit Merchants, Storekeepers, and Othors. ERASER and COHEN have receivod instruc- tions from the importors to SELL by AUCTION, at their rooms, Collins Btroot, on Tuesday, March 0, at elovon o'clock, 8'lihd. sherry 120 cases do. Terms at Sale. TUESDAY, MAROH 8. Important Clearing Sale. Martoll's and Hoimossy's Brandy. Whikkoy, In Cask and Bulk. Mackenzie's Old Tom. Claret, Cliampagne, Joffroy's Alo. , SInolalr's Hams, North Wilts Cheeso. Pork, Herrings, Congou Tea, &c.; \- Wine and Spirit Merchants, Grocers, Storckoopors, > and Others. FRASER and COHEN have received ¡nstntc -tionB from tho iroportora to SELL by AUO~ 1 ION, nt their rooms. Collins-Btreot, on Tuosdiy Match 0, at cloven o'clock, > 160 casos Hcnncssy's brandy 160 do Martoll's do 0 bbds. 0 qra Fronch do 7 hbd8. l8 (ira. Lochlndoal Islay whiskey ' 200 cases Kirkliston whiskey ', 800 do Mackenzie's do . 90 do do old tom i 07 do claret 100 do champagno 60 barrels Jeffrey's al«, In stone bottles 20 hilda do, do 15 cosos Slnclair's.bams 40 do North Wilts cheese 100 barrels pork Cases wliito horrlngs Do red do 60 chests fino congou tea, ¿to. Terms at Sale. WEDNESDAY, MAROH 7. l63 Acres, 8 Roods, 2 Porches. Connty of Mornington, Parish Eumemmerring. FRASER and COHEN will SELL by AUO- TION, at tho Mart, on Wodnosdny, March 7, at twolvo o'clock, All that plcco or parcel of land containing 108 acres, 8 roods, and 2 pcrchos, hituato in the county of ' Mornington, parish of Eumemmerring, Portion 42, being tho land sold as Lot No. 12 on Govcrn i mont plan. Tho land is partly fonced In with a dog fence. There Is also a rosen oir, stcck-yard, barn, dairy, ami garden on the proporty. Also, A six-roomed weatherboard house, and a tlireo roomed rubblo building, which tho purchaser of the land w ill ha\ o to take at a valuation. Terms and other Particulars at Salo. MONDAY, MAROH 12. At Twolvo o'clock. Freehold Proportlcs. Situated in tho Best Part of Collingwood. Having Frontagos to King William and Bell streets. Admirably Adapted for Privato Residence». To Speculators, and Persons Desirous of Meeting with Really Good Investments. TT1RASER and COHEN have received inatruc JP tlons from tho proprietor to SELL by AUC- TION, at thoir rooms, on Monday, Mareil 12, at tu elvo o'clock, Loti, r All that allotment of land in King William street, Collingwood, having 60It. frontago, by 100ft. depth to a right-of-way, on which is erected iliroo two-roomed homes, built of brick, and stuccoed, each containing fivo rooms, kitchon, and servint's room. Lot 2 ' All that allotmont of land in Bcl.-stroot, Fitzroy, having a frontago of 60ft by a depth of 100ft, on v hlcli is erected three two storied houses, built of stono, each containing four rooms, servant's room, kitchon, and washhouse Lot 8. All that allotmont of land, situato off Dell-street, fronting a rlght-of way of 10ft, on which 1B crootod four cottages, built of brick, oadi con- taining two rooms anda kitchon. Lot 4. sAn allotn one ef land, having 24ft. fronttgo to John-street, on which is orccted a wooden house, containing four rooms. Thcso aro properties to which the auctioneers can confidently call tho attention of speculators, capital- ists, trustees, and others, as presenting an opportu- nity of Investment raroly mot with. Tho premises ara situatoü in tho most favoured portion of Fitzroy, Collingwood, aro beautifully situ atod, and present ovory inducement to perons In quest of family residences, leaving out of the quo-tiou their closo proximity to tho city, which of Itself muse givo them a certain value Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. Pigs. ÎÏÏDWARD ROW and Co. will SELL by AUC JJ TION, at thoir yards, Bourko-strcot, on ilon y, March 5, at twelvo o'clock, 80 store pigs. WEDNE8DAY, MAROH 7. Salo of Hay, Horses, Dairy Cattlo, Working-Bullock», ¿se. At Glenaulyn, near Broadmeadows. Tho Farm lately oeouplod by Mr. G. C. Cameron EDWARD ROW and Co. aro inslruotod to SELL by AUCTION, at Glenaulin, Broad- meadows, on Wednesday, March 7, 80 head li orso stook, consisting of Brood maros, young stock, by tho eelebmted en- tires, Cbj do and Cromwell. Also, Heavy draught ontiro, by Clj do, tlirco years old Dodo, by Cromwell, two years old Do do, by do, ono year old 22 working-bullocks 13 head dalry cattlo 10 steers 8 stacks hay (about 800 tons) Farming Implements 2 bullock drays. , Terms, liberal, will bo doclarcd at sale. To commonco at twolvo o'clock. MONDAY, MAROH 12. Fourth Annual Draft Of ' Champion's Stock, rroin tho SUtIon of Qeorrro Milnor, Esq. "CID WARD ROW and Co. are instructed by ¡Ij George Milner, Esq , to SELL by AUOTION, îttnolr yards, Bourkc-Btrcot, on Monday, March 12, . so head of fir»t-clnss colts and ailles, By tho celebrated horso M liner's Champion. Tho above aro in splondid condition, direct from the breeder's station, Colac, and aro of that strong, useful stamp which Mr. Milncr's stock are provorblol for. 'I THIS DAY. Freoholds. East Collingwood. KINSMAN has received instructions to s SELL by AUCTION, on Monday, March 6, on tho respective ground', commencing with Loti. At twolvo o'clock. Two neat weatherboard cottages, one of four and one of throe rooms, slated, plastered, and well finished, being the comer of Vero and Park streets, having a frontage of 103 foot to Park Btrcot by a frontago of 25 foot to Vcro-strcot, and will bo sold in ono or two lots, as may bo dctlrcd. Lot 2. At half-past twolvo o'clock. Two weatherboard cottagos, situated in Harmsworth Btrcet, known as Valo-cottagcs, the land having a frontage of 20 fort to Harmsworth-strcot by 70 , feet deep to a right-of-way 16 foot. Ono cottage , has ono room ; tho other two rooms, and Blatcd, , Titles good. N. Kinsman, auctioneer, 8 Moor stroot, Fitzroy. THIS DAY. , To Hotclkcopcrs and Othors. "VT KINSMAN has received instructions to 111 # SELL by AUOTION, on tho premises of Stcssrs. Hind and Turner's new shops, Brunswick itrtot, near the Belvidere Hotel, \- Two superior billiard and bagatelle tables, com- plete ; 20 iron bedsteads, various kinds ; 20 hair and other mattresses, painted spirit kegs, sideboards, chairs, tables, large kit- j chen range, and stoves. And r A variety of other goods, gas chandeliers, tia. t Balo at two o'clock, by N. Kinsman, auctioneer TUESDAY, MAROH 0. To Chemists and Druggists, and Others. N KINSMAN ÍB favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on tho premisos, Smlth nreet. Collingwood, on Tuesday, March 6, The »econd portion of tho valuablo stook of Messrs. Langton Drew and Co. Catalogues and terms at sale, and no rosorvo what« "gale at twelve o'clock sharp, by N. Kinsman, ano. iiltnandvaluer, 3 Moor-stroot, Fitzroy. THURSDAY, MAKOH 8. 156 Trunks Superior Seasonable Boot« and Shoes To Boot and Shoo Warehousemen, Storokcopors, anil Otlicm, Ex Southamplon. Wf HASEY and Co. havo recoived msti tto " W . tloni from Messrs Parbury, Lamb, and Cn. to SELL by AUOTION, at their room», Collins stroot, on Thursday, March 8, at eleven o'cloik, E\ Southampton and Princoss Royal, K5 trunks superior and seasonable boots and shoos, comprising Gentlemen's stout grain napoleon bools Do do calf wellingtons Do best Btout Mcmcl boo's, E 8, Dodo Do do kid top do Do do Mcmcl balmorals do Do do stout Mcmcl calf goloshed do Men's best stout blucher«, nailed Do elo, sprigged Do do watertight Ladles' kid hoots, E S , patent fronts Do kid top, E 8 , do Dojdi, E.S., welts Do French cashmere Dodo, militaryhcols ' Do do, E S. Do cloth boots, E S. Do Memcl do Youths'and boys' goods in varloly Girls' memcl balmorals Do cordovan boots Do kid ton boots, wolts Bo cloth boots, clastic sides. Do French caihmoro, do Child's cloth bootB Do wolts, elaslio Bides Do kid top bootB Do cashmere balmoralsj Do cordovan boots Ladios' velvet slippers Gentlemen's felt albert do Men's carpot do , 1 ho attention of tho trado is requested to tho sain of tho ahovo involco; tho class of goods aro woll an I favourably known by the trado, ami as usual will bo sold without the slightest rcsorvo. Torms LlboraU TUESDAY, MAROU 0. C40 Moulded Doors, 150 R*lscd Panel Do. 76 Sash Do. To tho Timber Trade, Contractors, and Others CS. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at Mossrs, Nowoll and Co'a yards, Sponooi ttrcet (corner of Little Bourke stroet), on Tuosdiy, March 0, at elev cn o'clock, 010 moulded door«, assorted slzos 160 raised panel do 76 sasl do. ...,,, All landed in fino order, and ready for delivery. Torms Llboral. TUFSDAY, MAROR 0. 12,000ft MouldlngB and Architraves. 16,000ft. Pltch-Piuo riooring. Cti. ROSS and Co. will SELL by AUOTION, _ at Messrs Newell and Co's yards, Sponcoi blreet (cornor of Llttlo Bourko ttroot), on Tuesday, March Ö, at cloven o'olook, 12,000ft mouldings and architraves, from lin. to Oin , assorted longtha .,"_,_ I6,OO0ft Hin. and Hin. pltch-plno flooring. Tarros Liberal, _ TUESDAY, MAROU 0. At Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co.'s Yards, Cornor I or Llttlo Bourko and Bponcor streets. 70,000 Foet 6 x li to. Scotch Flooring. 25,000 Do O x S in. Do Do, 8,000 Do Ox fin Do Do. C8. ROSS and Co. wdl SELL by AUCTION, _ at Messrs. Bright Brothors and Co.'s yards ' rcorner of Llttlo Bourko and Spencer street!), on t Tuesday, March 0, at eleven o'clock sharp, 70,000 feot 0 x li in. Scotch dooling 26,000 do OJx J lu. do do I 3,000 do 0 x } hi. do do Terms liberal. . _ . , Obfcrvo placo of eale-Corner of Little Bourke and Siiencer street»._. "~ THIB DAY. C1 EOROB THOMAS and Co. will SELL by r AUOTION, at the New Dock, on Monday, M»reh j,, .»eleven o'clock, ^"^ l6,0C0hroaJ Launceston five feot palings Tcriiib-Ca»li. "t THIS DAY. ** Sinclair's-Roll Bacon, Cooy's Hams and Bacon. I Ounpboll'sJIam's and Bacon. Cheeso, LtagflshToat' °1'»»T,!. Soda, Crystals, .«eda 'Ash, Oh cory, ?urpc»tine,C0¿cDUn,OP ^"^ Sh0rri¿' Fa<"^ ? To-Grocors, Storokcopeis, Wino Merchants, Painters Glaziore, and Othors ' W EASBY ami (Jo. have recoived instrue n.,T« i10'"'?'"'» ""i importers to SELL by AUC- TION, ot ti en rooms, Collins streot, on Mondav. Mai eh S.atoloven o'clock, «""«-j, 7 casos Sinclair's i oil bacon, now cure 10 do C ey'» do do, do Odo Reid s holly do 34 do Campbi 11'a do 82 do North « illa eliccso 150 do llngfUli 10 puncheons do , 100 barrels oatuioal 40 do currants 50 casks soda cry stals 34 do do adi 10 cases chicory » 7 do lomon and orango pool 300 bag« drosscd Patna j leo 21 cases Dunlop cheese Wines and Spirits. , ' 0 quarlor casks Amontillado sherry 211 cases onion'« mountain dow _. 160 do claret, vory Uno Pnlnti, Oils, ¿to. 200 di ulna turpentine 200 do raw oil v 200 do boiled do i 60 do colea do , 1 ton Uno bluo paint 3 do red do 6 do wlilto do. - < AlBU, i 100 bli reis Roman cement 150 sheets Morowood's host corrugated ¡ion 60 gloss bathbiicks 000 feot plate glass, ¿te. < .. The abo to good» aro now landed, and In tho beat ' condition. _Terms at Salo. THIS DAY. Galvanised Corrugated Don, 24 and 20 Gauges To Builder, Contractors, and Other« W CASEY and Co. will SELL byAUCÏION. 0 at tluii rooms, 38 Collins stroot weat, on Monday, Maich 0, at cloven o'clock, 2 tons galvanised oorrugntcd iron, 24 gauge, 0 foots 1 do do, do, 7 fects 2 do do, do, do J do do, "1 do, 0 ami 7 do. A II lutliiucil, and in fino condition. Torms ut Salo. THIS DAY. 12 Moiocco Diningroom Clinirs. At the Bisk of Mr Abrahams, the ronner Purchase!, ïXfcf EASEY ai.d Co. will SELL by AUCT10 ¡>, V V . at tlu-lr rooms, 83 Collins streot west, on Monday, Mareil 6, at cloven o'olook, 12 biindsomo molí ceo diningroom ohairs. At tho llsk of Mr. Abrahams, tbo foi mer purchaser, Torms-Cash THIS DAY. 100 Bags Sago Tlour. To Grocers, Storekeepers, and Others. WEASEYnnd Co. will SELL by AUCTION, a at tholr looms, 83 Collins streot wost, on Monday, Mardi 5, at cloven o'clock, 100 bagB sago flour. Tarma at Salo. '. THIS DAY. s 50 Bands Stockholm Pitch, lo Shlpchandlcrs and Othors. W EASBY and Co. will SELL by AUCTION, » at tholr moms 33 ColllnB streot west, ou Monday, March b, at eleven o'clock, 60 barrels Stockholm pitch. No rosorve Turms at Salo. WEDNESDAY, MAROn 7, At, Tvv clve o'olook. By Oidor of tho Mortgagoo. Without Rcsorvo, llicso Capital Substantial and Extensive Stores, Sltuato in Tho Most Centr ii and Business Part of Sandhurst, I ntely Occupied hy Messrs. Watson, Honderson, ane' Co, and Mi ssrs Moses, My ors, and Co To Capitalists, Meiohanti, Storekeepers, notel Pi oprletoi s, and Others. WEASEY and Co. havo received inslruc s tions fiuiu tho mortgagees to SELL by AUC- TION, at theil roe ma, Collins street, on Wednesday, March 7, al tv elv c o'clock, The foil iwing li rehuid property, boing Allotment corner of williamson and Ilargicnvoi strceh., Morl.ot-Kpiaio, Sandhurst, and hav nig a fronlngo pt 110 feet to Yv llliomsoii-streot, Marlin',. squnru, and a frontage to Hargreaves street of 71 fe ot Upon this lane! aro erected those capital mil spacious blick bullibtorcs, latoiittlio occupation of Mcssi« Watson and Henderson nnd Messrs. Musc s, Myer« mid Co, comprising lal go stoic, noorat with 2inch colonial hardwood, collar 0 let deep, ¡2 feet w ido, extending tho wholo longth ot the storc,wlth platform abov c, similar dimension!!, floored willi 0 x li flooring, and having hilf tho length dil.dod by a w ood and glass partition, iihlch forum au extensivo wareroom well suited torn di apery or boot and shoo department, oi could be lasiiy subdivided into prlvato elvvelllug npartuicnts Largo brick-built gonoral offices, withthrco dwelling rooms, fourBtall stnblo, paved with wooden blocks, brick and comented vvntoi lanb, containing upwards of 0,000 gallons vvntci, and roofed ovoi, yard, 15 by 15 loct, enclosed with blielt walls, &o.; Tlicso promises aro so well known that the auc- tioneers deem it unnecessary to givo longtbcnod pir ticuliir». Tho stoi es aro built in tho most substanll ii mannor, very o\tcm.ivo, and with a bold architectural elevation to Williamson and Hargicavos strcots, and havo three outrances from Markot- squ.iro, nnd ono entronco from Uargroa\cs street. Tho silo is nnriv ailed, being in tho most contrai and business part ot Sandhill t, closo to Pnll Mall, and tho various banks. Markot squorols the gi cat centro foi all tho outly i >g diggings, and «hero all tho maillots aro hold. Tho w oighbi idgo Is conv cniontly situated in front of tho stoic, and tho premises uro so built mid arrangod that for a trifling «.pense four largo and substantial atoroi cuild easily honrado by subdivision. Pul chasers will bo furnished with every information on application to tho auctioneers, where a plan and elevation of the stores can bo seen. Observo day of solo. W idncuhvy, March 7, nt twelvo o'clock. By order of the mortgagee. No reserve Terms, Libel al, Declared at Sale. I THIS DAY. ^ To Breeders, Sporting-Men, and Others 1 "TAMES HENDERSON and Co. will SP-T i u_ J AUOTION, at Kirk's BaSir, BrtSS«^ I Monday, March 5, at twelve o'clock, . 0B -..-« Prince Patrick, thoroughbred cutlro bv n», D O'Moro, dam Norn CffoinaTboth tonortod y He is perfectly sound and quiet siiu"háa ïïî ¡U... | h, Melbourne and Geelong SU Legers. , °n b0th t"î THIS DAY. - I And Following Dava. . To Drapers, Country Storekeepers, and Other, . l GieatanaUnresorvedSaloof £«,600 Worth of Now and Seasonable Drapery I Woollons, and Slops, by Auction r"I'glJr» IntheEstatoof Moody and Mlddlocoat, 45 Collina. _* _ streoteast. winns. Tl/TACKILLOP and COOKE have received in. 1 ljJL structlons from the trustees of tho oat.-te of AioByand MWdlecoat to SELL by AUCTION on I fi.tand following days, at eleven o'clock preclsih ! n ithout tho least reserve, ' * The wholo of the voluable and well-assorted stock ot ' dra| ery, consisting of- ot < Blondo edglngr and locos, sleoves and colin] s , Flowers, feathers, hcad-diosscs, Í.O., in croak vorloty ' b "* Bonnet ribbons, do Fancy satin and lulo ribbon, do ' Silks and satins and silk dresscB Black and coloured silk velvets I Muslins and crapes i Damask table napkins Cloaks, mantles, and jackets ! Furs 1 Fancy dresses j Men's and womon's hoslory, In colton, w orsted. I and silk * i Wool and wotBlcd fringes and furnltlitogs Ladles' bonnotB, trimmed and untrliiiiiicd Ladies' Btraw, tuscan, and other liatn Ladles' coloured gauntlots and glovts Do and children's underclothing Children's frocks and drosses Gentlemen's gloves , Choleo perfumery and brushes Boots and shoes 1 Men's alops, woollen ploco goods, and a laico i.ä Bortmoiit or superior haberdashery, too nu. , merous to partlculariBo. Together with The fin-t-olass shop and countinghoueo furnituro and flttlugs u Mackillop and Cooko's Instructions aro to sill tho wholoof tho abovo slock, without resonó, tho nro n IKS being lot H |aho stock will bo on view on Friday and Baturday. tljo 2nd and 8rd of March. ?" Tui thor particulars can bo had, and catalogues olT j o stock Been, on application to tho auüloiieurs, at 3Ï Quecn-strcct, or on tho premlBcB, 45 Colllns-strcot Terms-Under £100, cash ; above that amount approved bills at three months' date Noto-The attention of tho trade and country Horokocpors is portlcular'y requested to this oxcollont ni d seasonable stock, which must bo sold tbo trustees hiving put no i esirvo whatovcr on anj ol the goods. SATURDAY, MAROH 10. South Yarra. . Building Allotments. To AU Those who aro Desirous of PossoEtlng thoir own. Freeholds. "|\/I ACKILLOP nnd COOKE aro instructed bv i YA tbo proprietor to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, on tho ground, on baturday, March 10, at tno oYlo»tc p.m , Thatvalunblopiooo of land, being part of Portion , 38, in tho parish of Prahran, having a frontago of 1 187 feet to the Punt-road, with frontages to Albion and Rtiddell streets divided Into the follow- ing allotments : 1 Loti. 96 feet to tho runt-road, by a depth of 220 feet, on. 1 which is erected an olght-roomcd cottago, tank, ] and stabling for 12 horsoB, Ac, all fenced and sub | fenced, and bounded on the north bj a street of i 80 feet wide. I Lot 2. 42 fcot to tho Punt-road, by a depth of 110 feet. I Lots 3 and 4. Fitch 60 feot frontago to Albion-street, by a depth of I 84 feet. < Lots 5 to 16. Each 50 fcot frontago to Ruddoll-strcot, by a doptli i of 05 feet I Lots 16 and 17. Each 40 feet frontago, bj a depth of 00 feit. , Lot l8. B-!.r. feet frontage, by a depth of 00 feet. 'j his land is most admirably adapted for tho oration Of ¡good substantial houses, tho situation bumg most 0 mid« ay between tho Gardiner's Creek rund and tilt) Con mercial road, Mackillop and Cooke can safely rccoimnontl tho public to avail themselves of this opportunity to bo como freeholders. 'Hie respectability of (lie neighbour- hood, Its closo proximity to the proposed railway sta- tion, and tbo beautiful position of the land, nil tend to i ender it one of tho most valuablo properties noir Molbourno. Terms-Ono third cash ; one third at six months' ; and one third at twelvo months'; bearing 10 por cont. Interest. , For further particulars apply at the offices, 81 Queen street. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7. Sandridge Important Salo of thoso Well-built Brick Promises, l known as Tho Fountain Inn. To Capitalists, Trustees, Hotelkccpors, Speculators, ' and Others. Bale of tho Entlro Freehold, subject to tho First .Mort Ï[ago of £1,400, having four years to run, at tho ow rato of olght por cent, per annum, By Orilor ofiho Second Mortgagee Without the Least Rosorvo. A LFRED BLISS has been favoured with in t\\_ structlons from tho second mortgagee ta advor Use, and SELL to tbo highest bidder, on the premises situato in Baj-strcot, Sandridge, on Wodneiday March 7, at ono o'clock, All that plcco or parcel of land In the colony of Vic- toria, containing by admeasurement 10} percho?, bo tbo Bamo moro or less, slluato In the county of Bourke, parish of South Molbourno, at Sundi Idge, 1 Allotment 6 of Siction 33, bounded on the north by Allotment 4, bearing Bouth 62 doprcts, cast 00J links, and by Allotmont 0, bearing south 25 degrccB 80 minutos cast CO} links; en the east by a Hue bearing south 04 dfgrt.es 3D minutes, west 73 links; on the south by a, lino boating north 02 degrcoj, west is links; and on tho west by Bay street, bearing north 28. degrees, cast oi e chain ; being tho land sold at Molbourno as Lot No. 48, in pursuanco of tho Proclamation of 21st October, 1858 ; on which Is I erected that handsome building known as tho Fountain Inn. Tills valuablo property is without cscoptlon ono if the handsomest, best- built, and most ornamental < f It i class in tho colony. The nuctlonoor begs to notify that tho mortgagoo selling has given positivo and peremptory instructions to disposo of his Interest without the slightest reserva- tion, and he considers it but duo to those interested in tte equity of redemption to acquaint thom of the* fatt. The terms will bo cash. Tor particulars of title and any further information apply to Jamos Wisowould, Esq, solicitor for tho mortgagco, Chancery-lano. N B. Sole takes place on the promises known OB tho Fountain Hotol, Sandridge, on Wediiosdoy, March 7 at one o'elock. , FRIDAY, MARCHO. Saltwater Rl\ cr. Furnituro, BarFittiigeand Effects Together with tho 8tock-in-Trado, i.c,now in anti upon Raleigh's Punt Hotel, j By Ordor of the Mortgngoo. 1 For Poslthoand Unrosorved Salo. ALFRED BLISS has been favoured with in- structions from the mortgagoo to HELL hy LIO AUOTION, on the promises, Raleigh's Punt Hotel, Saltwater Uiver, on Friday, March 0, . t ona o'clock, Tlio wholo of tho useful furnituro, bar fittln;« and offecls, togother with tho stock ln-trado of wines, ale, stout, ¿to , including 70 dozom fino old port wino, witbout exception tho 1 . most perfect In tho colony. After which, About 0} tons of hay. , Terms-Cash. WEDNESDAY, MAROH 14. Twelvo o'clock Sharp. To Mining Companies, Mining Capitalists, and Others» i Splondld Quartz-Reef, for Salo. JAMES BAKER will SELL by PUBLIC AUO- TION, at lils offices, Chamber of Commorco, Balla, rat, on Wedneeda}, March 14, at twelvo o'clock. All that splendid quartz claim .situate between Snako Valley and Carngham, consisting of an extent of DOO x 500ft, the property of tho Carngham Quartz Mining Ocmpany. Tbero are in the claim three separate and distinct quartz lodes, two of which aro opened and proved to bo exceedingly valuablo. The average width of one Is Bix feet, tbo other Is two feet wldo, and fair samples taken from tbeso lodes havo boon crushed at tim Port Philip Company's works at Clunes, and yltlded loz lSdwt. to the ton. \ i Thcro aro four shafts sunk in tho claim, and tho mines aro opened out for efflclont working, The claim l8 admirablj situated for the oreotion of machinory, thcro being an abundant supply of wateradjolnlog it, and plenty of Umber for firewood purposes, I < Parties in search of a really «rood roof would do well to embraco thi« opportunity. The necessity fur sell- ing the claim has a ison in conséquence of the ex- tremely Inefficient and defectivo crushing mill which their contractor furnlshod the company with. The» auctioneer is Instructed by tho company to stato that thoir tailings, taken from themill, and passed through a common Benian hand machine, j leldod at tho rato ofOdwt. to tho ton, : Tho contract for tho supply of machiner}' is now at an end, and tho machinory sold, so that tho purchaser Will not bo at ali hampered with a contract which has beon the ruin of tho presont company. Thero aro already raised and stacked about 600 tons of Btono ready for crushing. Intending purchasers can, up to tho day of saio, obtain an order to inspect tho mines, and can obtain .Very information from , James Baker, auctioneer and mining agont, Cham» 1er cf Commerce, Bturt-Btreet, Ballarat._ .. "" FRIDAY, MARCH 0. t Froohold Proporty, HorsoB, 4to. ,i Balla, Deep Crook, H HUSSEY has received instructionsfron»' . Mr. T. Hyde to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION. on the premises, High stroot, Bulla, on Friday, WOne 'iiair-acro allotment, well-fenced, being Allot. r mont 7, 8oction 12, upon which Is crectid A Four roomed Verandah Cottage, \- stable for four horses, and other accommodation» suits bio for carriers and others. Horses and Cows Draught horse Prince, do Colonel, draught maro Jessie, light-harness do, two-year old «hy» one-year-old do, 8 dalry cows and calves, dogcart and harness, waggon and three"T» ofTiarnosB, 1 dray, 8 dozen four bushel bag» (new), 40 fowls. Also, ., " The whole of the household furniture, cooking; utensil», &c.; Luncheon will bo provided, sole to commence nt ono o clock. 